.)-r "rf V "i-""35NEWS.IfTHE. . ,.,,,Vi.,,- -tfi'PUBLISHED EVEBY TUESDAY AND FBIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY,. fMOND AY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1912i yf y," jwrryvgy t" ""BOURBONI8 i-?5Tr WfM1r-m-Pi lUV.l.lUIIMrs. Tuttle's Will Probated.On AHLOW SHOESBeginning This Week We Will Reduce all HANNAN and NETTLETON OXFORDS, and also Ladies'Pumps and oxfords.We have a great many WHITE SHOES and PUMPSin Nubuck and Canvas that will be greatly reduced.These will be for CASH ONLY.IGEO. McWILLIAMS,L.Phones 301The Shoe Man.-rS9vHOT WEATHERSPECIALS0-lS' . Jiiliil.HId Haminced HamDried BeefBolognaImported Swiss.Cheeset.m vvwSI?ftworiCKPimentoNew York Cheese.-04 fljeThe last will and testament of the'late Mrs. Millie F. Tuttle was pro-,bated in the countv court Friday. ( Theinstrument which bears the dat'e of.June 2, 1910, provides for the distri Ibution to her six children, Miss Lizzie .Tuttle, Mr. VV. R. Tuttle, Mrs. Flur-jence Ecton, Mrs. Jennie Perkins and jMrs. Minnie Perkins, and iB as fellows :"I. Millie F. Tuttle, of the city ofParis, State of Kentucky, do herebymnlfo mi hi i ah ttnr Honlnrp thin mV lastwill and testament, in manner and MJjfiorm ioiiowinR:"First I direct that all my justdebts and funeral expenses be paidas soon after my decease as conveniently can be done."Second It is my will, and I direct,that such of my household furnitnreand effects as shall be desired by mychildren shall pass to and become theproperty of each of them, accordingto such division as they shall arranceamong themselves."Third I direct that all my property, real and personal, excepting suchpersonalpropertj as is provided for inclause two hereof, shall be sold andconverted into money as soon after mvdeath as may seem best to my executor. "Fourth After the sale of the realand personal estate owned by roe, asprovided for in clause three hereof, andthe payment of debts and funeral expenses as provided for in clause onehereto, I give and bequeath to mydaughter, Lizzie Tuttle, the sum of$200."Fifth It is my will, and I direct,that after satisfying the provisionsherein above set forth, including thepayment of the bequest of S200 to mydaughter, Lizzie Tuttle, mv estateshall be divided into six equal parts orbhares"Of the first of said six shares. Igive and bequeath to my son, JamesR, Tuttle, the sum of 1, and byagreement v ith him. and with his consent, I give and bequeath the remainder of said share to my daughter, Lizzie Tuttle. Ot the other five sharesremaining, I give and bequeath o;ieeach to my five children, viz: VV. R.Tuttle, Florence Ecton, Jennie Perknsaud Minnie Rummans."Sixth I authorize, empower anddiiect my executor hereinafter named,to sell and diD0se of mv real and Der-sonal estate, as above provided for,and to make proper conveyane of titlethereof to purchasers, and o makesuch tales puolicly or privately as mayseem to him best."Seventh I nominate, constituteand appoint my son. W. R. Tuttle, atpresent of Woodford county, Ky., executor of this my last will and testament. "Eighth--I hereby levoke all formeror other wills and testamentary dispositions by me at any time heretofoiemade."In witness whereof I have hereintusubscribed my name, in the citv ofParis, Ky., this 2nd day of June, 1910,in the presence of K. F. Clendeninand Hord Mann, whom I have-xe-tin&vilttf&rsas.r"WE KNOW HOW"VMS5'The "Who-Made-Them-For-Yoa"'Kind of Clothesf$??5riThey excite, the flatteringcomment of your friendstKe homage men pay to styleand fit.Our Clothes have thatlook the expensive tailorlook and they cost no morethan ordinary clothes boughtelsewhere.Particularly seasonablestyles for fall wear. Tryonto-day. ' - . .!Mitchell & BfakemoreOutfitters to MenfWMIXiMm-. t L li-t -I .... . .d-a.iirLMaM..jUrWKc.aj L3Jiefci.eaio-JUEComQ-airesnrater Melons "and - - ICi'ato. -.w -..--.-- - . ..Cantaloupes onBLUE RJBBON FLOUR25-lb Sack SOcSO-Ib Sack $ 1 .601 OO-Sb Sack $3.20T. C. LENIHAN,Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234'm."'''''"wW"9?WWwww"Witnesses"PI. W. MANN,"R. F. CLENDENIN.1TUTILE.The Cndy With Class.Martha Washington Candy, 50 centsper pound,good as any at twice theprice.SUTLER'S.27-4t Opp. Court House.sLmuiniii!iiiiii;inHLmni iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiJiiniimiiiiiiiuiiiJMiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiNmT- jsim?-k w 7tV(s-rFRANK & CO SThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.As To Cost oi Pensions.So great have been the exaggerations the vast amount of money theState would be called upon to pay inpensions that Governor WcCreary saidthat he felt that the taxpayers andpeople of the State should know thetruth. There have.been but 212 apphjcations for pensions to rea;h the Pension Boardso far. He said if everyone of them is passed upon favorablyit would take only $25,000 to paythem.vrapfliSK-vrSSWkPALL DISPLAY OFWOOLENS1,000 Samples to Select From.Serifs To Order$15 to $40.00.Fit and WorkmanshipGuaranteed, Lining wearsout during year relinedFREE.1-3 Off on all Panamasand Straw Hats,PRKM 60. doners3SSI8'JimWimskwm"mssma&&?$W2iijimkflVSUL-JOZ7and FurnishersSSSjSS&IESa'tstsggpaezmimgmmmm&mm'mtwwmwm?mgwwuwm$wmPony Show.The Pony show at the Bourbon Fairon the opening day promises to bringtogether a class of show ponies neverbefore seen in a show ring. Attendthe Bourbon Fair on the opening dayand every other day Sept. 3-7.Bull Moose Committee Selected.The county committee of the Progressives of Bourbon county Fridayafternoon at the court house, a permanentorganization was effected bythe selection of James D. McClintockas temporary chairman and James H.Shea as temporary secretary, whichwas followed. by4theadoption of a motion to make the organization permanent. The. meeting was called to oraerby Mr. McClintock. The committeeinstructed by the county convention toappointja county committee, reportedthe selection of the following:Paris No. 1 Davis Hutchcraft.Paris No. 2 Max Metzger.Paris No. 3 Dr. Frank Fithian.Pans No. 4 A. W. Coltingham.Paris No. 5 Ollie Argo.Paris'No. 6 James H. Shea.Millersburg No. 1 Dr. W. G.Dailey.Millersburg No. 2 Albert Moffett,Clintonville No. 1 S. L. Weathers.ClintonvilleNo. 2 -Geo. K. Jones.Little Rock No.Jl J. W. Crump.LittleRock No. 2 Ora Wagoner.CentervillerNo. 1 Henry May.CentrevilleN o. 2 R. W. Dodson.Ruddles Mills No. 1 L. Monson.. Ruddles Mills No. 2 W. C. Daniel.Hutchison No. 1F. H. Gavitt., Hutchison No. 2L. Paynter.jtforth Middletown No. 1 Wm. Rose.VAny Linen Dress,Now $1.98 -;-.Lingerie DressesNow $1.98 to $5.98 eachValues up to $20yLadiles100 Pairs ofPumps and SlippersNow 50c a Pair&jWe Are Showing New Fall GoodsIn Every Department.INSPECTIONIINVITEDFRANK 6ft CCV Vl m mm - - - j v aBiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiinTinniTnHiiiimiiiiiimjiiuiuiHiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiniiuiiniiuiJ fmwmmwmmMmsMMm9MrParis,Kentuckyi9Paris, KentuckyImifIr-MSefcr'trux'9:::I'FC5&T r -."'. . L - vkfe. - " f i ''-i .. i. hi . --.i .in j i.. i ii i. ... ... - . , , . ,, ..... ,. , . ,, ,,, ,, ,, , , '-, .,,, ,, , r-..,- . iTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 2 1912.-mt:tillmrti:! '-H,;Kfttftt-kK ."'4CD flarieiflftirlCapital$100,00.00Surplus$67,500.00JModern Equipment.4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specially.CARL CRAWFORDNotice.-BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.David Hickman's Administrator,PlaintiffVs. Notice.JHis Heirs, - Defendants'All person holding claims againstthe estate of David Hickman, deceas-ed, are hereby notified to present jthei-same, proven, as required by law tov me at my office at the court house, int. Paris, Bourbon county, Kentucky. , .rAli claims not nresented by Spptems ber 1. 3912. will be barred.G. A. McillLLAN, M. C. B. C. C.Hot and ColdB ATHot and cold baths,fiverything neat and clean. Politearbers always ready t wait on thestrade. No long waitsi You are next.M. A. KAHAL.Professional CardsnJ J, WIIiTiTAMS,ATTORNE Y-AT-L AW .Eoom 1 Elks Building.'N-5lDr. Wrn. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.- B. T 13G...viiicb iUuuca Home 136.Residence melfe.vTR. A. tl KBLiIiEK,1 Practicing Physician,Offices, Roomsand 5, Elk's Bld'gParis,KentuckyAUTO FOR HIRESpecial attention given toparties desiring to hire automobiles. Call on us forpricesTRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.livery, Feed and Sales Stable.Eighth Street Both Phones.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - union.companies. tfABBHO1 1 9 iBaitfi of ParisProtection$267,500.00CUMIOUS BITSOF HISTORYA HUNGARIAN HERO.By A. W. MACY.Hungary boasts of several national heroes, but none of themhas a finer record for braverythan Miklos Zrir.yi. He foughtmany a battle in behalf of hiscountry, but the supreme hourof his life came at the close. OnAugust 5, 1566, with 3,000 gallant followers, he took refuge inthe little fortress of Sziget, anddefended it against a great Turkish host, led by Suleiman, theMagnificent in person. For fourweeks the siege went on, theTurks furiously assaulting thelittle fortress again and again.Finally, on September 7, thelittle Hungarian band, or whatwas left of it, led by Zrir.yi,rushed out upon the Turkishhost, determined to cut theirway through or die in the attempt. They died, every man ofthem, Zrinyi the first of all. Butit was an expensive victory tothe Turks, for it cost them twenty thousand lives.(Copyright, 1311, by Joseph B. Bowles.)Optimism.Leonidas, king of Sparta, -when defending Thermopylae against the Persian host under Xerxes, was told byone of his soldiers that the Persianarrows were so numerous that theyobscured the light of the sun. "Nevermind that," was the reply; "we shallhave the advantage of fighting in theshade."Men of Various Pursuits.A policeman, a quarryman and aroadmender were among the prizewinners at an arts and crafts exhibition held in Yorkshire (England) village recently.Layman's Definition."What is a court of last resort, pa?""Courting an old maid." Judge.OF LOCALSome People "We Know, and WeWill Profit by Hearing AboutThern.This is a purely local event.It took place in Paris.Not in some faraway place.You are asked to investigate it.Asked to believe a citizen's word.To confirm a citizen's statement'.Any article that is endorsed at homeis more worthv of confidence than oneyou know nothing about, endorsed byunknown people.Mrs. Laura L. L?ir, 1022 Highstreet, Paris, Ky . say-: "When Iused JJoan s Kicney l i:s years agotney completeiv cured rne of kidneytrouble and I iiiadiv confirm the testimonial I gave at that time. I hadrheumatic trouble nr.d rav kidnevs wereirreguar in action. I suffered fromheadaches and backaches and at timeswas dizzy and nervous. A neighboradvised me to try Doan's Kidney Pillsand I did. They made me strone andwell and have had no return of kiclneytrouble."For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Toster-Milburn Co., Buffalo,New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the name Dosn'u -andtase no omer. -tisL arm andIjrdenPLANNING FOR THE FUTURE.Timber Crop Is of Slow Growth, but ItPays to Cultivato It.In order to get a crop of potatoes weplant and cultivate; if we want thebest orchard we spray and prune, butwe let nature plant and care for thewood lot, and then we wonder whythat woodlot does not pay.The timber crop can be improved bycare for the same reasons that othercrops can be improved.Although ii takes longer to raise thiscrop than any other, it can be raised onJand otherwise unprofitable or idle.Such a crop will in the end yield acomfortable bank account, and thevalue of the wood lot to the farm isgreater than the sale value of the cropin the convenience and the saving ofmoney by having various wood products at hand, in protecting the build-rrwvvfJW.Photograph by New York State Agricultural college., STAND OF HARD WOOD IMPROVED BYPKOPEK CARE.j iugs and fields from wind and in thebeauty of the farm. The time is comi ing when thrifty young timber not yetj large enough to cut will have a good) sale value.j The care of this crop causes little exj pense. and the wood lot offers onemeans of solving the problem of howto keep good farm help profitably employed all the year.The three principal aims in caringfor the wood lot should be to keep theground thoroughly covered with trees.to have only the best possible trees andto make them grow rapidly.In order to make timber grow fastcare should be taken in choosing thekinds of trees to raise, the soil shouldbe kept moist and mellow by protecting the leaf mulch, and the best treesshould be given a fair amount of lightby making improvement cuttings.Methods of starting new trees eitherto fill openings now in the woods or toreplace timber to be harvested are asfollows: By sprouts, by seed fallingfrom neighboring trees, by sowing seedbroadcast and by planting trees or seed.Cornell (N. Y.) Reading Course Lesson For Farm.Cement In Tree Cavities.If your orchard trees have decayedportions in them clean out the rottedwood, then bore diagonally into thewood in different directions from thebottom of the hole in order that thefilling may hold. Fill the cavity withthe following cement compound: Portland cement, one pound; sand, twopounds; cinders, two pounds. Pack thecement in well and seal all aroundthe filling with a tar mixture. Leaveno projections beyond the plane of thebark and immediately the wood ringand the bark will begin to form overthe patch, and the tree ,will ultimatelybe as goocl as new. The entire heartof the tree may be cleared out andfilled in this way and the tree will continue ta flourish. Farm Progress.J Whose advice do you follow?j Not that of the poorest farmer inthe neighborhood surely. Do you$ &eek the advice of the best andmost successful? Do you watchM ""such farmers? There is a reasonwhy one man gets along better-fc than another. Look out for thereason. Find it and practice it ifyou can. Kansas Farmer.Electric Pumps For Deep Wells.The electric motor for irrigationpumping is being used with signal success in the fruit district round Roswell. N. M.. where a large gas producer electric plant, located within thecity limits, is furnishing power tofarmers round the city. One tract of12,000 acres in the district is wateredentirely by electric pumps. CountryGentleman.Sorghum on the Dairy Farm.Sorghum has proved a very profitable crop in many of the most improved farms. It is especially good fordairy cows and hogs. One man whosells from 300 to 400 'market hogsevery year says that he carried hisbrood sows through the 'past "winteron sorghum hay with the best of re-suits. Kimball's Dairy Farmer.THE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEstablished 1881 30-Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and PridayOne Year. . . .2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceEntered at, Postoffice at Paris, Ky.as mail matter of the second classADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar mati er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.Theright o? publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.DEMOCRATIC TICKET.For President.HON. WOODROW WILSON.of New Jersey.For Vice-President,HON. THOS. R. MARSHALL,of Indiana.For Congress,HON. J. CAMPBELL CANTRlLL,of Scott county.Beginnings of Lifeboat.Like many other inventions ,the lifeboat was a long time in finding favor.The first lifeboat was designed by aLondofi coach builder, Lionel Lukin, in17S5, under the encouragement of theprince of Wales, but despite royal patronage, his invention received littleattention, though one of his boatssaved several lives at Bamborough.The loss of the Adventure in 17S0 firstdestr toyed public apathy in this subject and, with the offering of prizesfor lifeboat designs a first step towardlife saving at sea as taken.Blamed a Good Worker."I hlamed my heart for severe distress in my ietc side for two years,"writes W. Evans. Danville, Va., "butnow 1 know it was indigeston is Dr.King's New Life Pills comuletely cured me." Best for stomach, liver ai.ikidney troubles. corstioation, headacheor debility. 25c. at Oberdorfer's.To Pack a Trunk.'Take a couple of horses the heightof a chair; they take up little spacein a storeroom. Use them to set atrunk on when packing it. It will saveyour wife many a backache and saveyou or whoever removes it after it ispacked, from lifting it up from thefloor.Keatucky Fair Dates.The following are the dates fixed forholding the Kentucky fairs for 1912, asfar as reported. Officers of fairs arerequested to report to us any omissionsor correction of dates.Klizabetht wn September 3, threedays.PARIS, September 3. five days.Tompkinsvilie Spetember 4, fourdays.Barboursville September 4, threedays.bardstown September 4, four davs.Bowling Green September 4, fourdays.Sanders Tri-Gounty Fair, September 4, four days.Monticello S'eptember 3, four days.Louisville State Fair Sent. 9 sixdavs.Melbourne SeDtember 17, five days.Horse Cave September 18, fourdavsefficiency depends uponyour condition.Scott's Emulsion builds,strengthens and sustainsrobust health. .. All Druggists.Scott & Bowne. Bloonifield. N. J 12-8Some Good AdviceTo the People,Don't sell your old feathers until you fmd out the prices, Youcan call us and we will look , atyour feather, or if you live inthe counrry send us a sample. Iwill let you know what they areworth. Some old feathers if theyhave been well cared for are asgood as new. We pay marketprice for new feathers.MAX MUNiCK,8th Street, FARES, KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 374.A WOMAN'S ' GO33 IOKSDepend on her general health and freedom km pain. Many a wopnn looks old"bziors her time because of those irregularities which crc essentially feminine.Stalling from early womanhood, she cuSbrsirom fcevjsntly recurring derailmentsthat upset her womanly health. K she be bcautzfcl she row3 :r.rc that mellowego without wrinkles and crowfeet about the eyes or the bJuc circles unJerneath.if is invariably the rule that such women suffer liitlc-, or -;ct at all, from, .vomanlyderangements which sap the health am: leave in the face the 'ell-tale story of painand suffering. Dr.R.V. Pierce, the famous soecialj-.t In the diseases cf vomen, founda prescription in his early pract.ee that toothed the oranLm peculiar to womanhoodoiled the machinery, as it were, ct the human system add helped the womanto pass those painful periods that scar-I'.ncd and aged her face. This remedy becameMM ltX x :h0Mas. Pieuce. they Lave hclpv-d inc."CORTRIGHT'XSrMmgood wood shingle, and in some places they cost much less.Roofs put on 26 years ago are as good as new today, and have never needed repairs.for Sale by Miller & Best, Millersfaurg, Ky.New Fall Suits1s. .'v.Sxv?$T'JvTtf "I' SA-A. "" .-v?. j' sr : c -a. .-.'f . ' VVJi jf. rr yi'ssnJAri v 4jI- . - -. Ii;-.r&f i ? I l?yv$ 1 H :- t( i V V' !"' ul 1 1- l ri??Ci,rtekted I r I V' '-3t&$3t ISCIILOSSBXOSStO.I ," ' &&l X5r Jf le tUUe fliktr f V..' vj Bllprt aid Rcw iMkl"',, L: iTWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L. Wollstine, Proprietor.tt2&s$$&&55IWhy not you join the great army ofcustomers and burnW.a'Mow is the time tojssifesgsi;gnmberlanCelepbotte and Celegrapb gempuyISrCOPwPOxLATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the Cumberland JBourbon County Exchanges atParis, MillersburgjJNortri Mid dletown, Littler Rock andRuddles Mills,"When vmi have Cumberland "-vice SyouJJHAYE telephone service. &&mtiCumberland Telephoneand TelegraphCompanyIncoeporatep,the well-known LJr. i i-erco 3 ..'or.le . rescripaon, inat naabenefited thousands ol roir.zn tn 1 t."-cd them from miseryend suffering at dilTcrent period j ia Lis.Miuj. Hakukly E. Pizt.c:, of 2V Lricit G erect, Samla, OnL, -writes t"Inmncvavrcll -woman niter su:.enni icr three years and uoctorms'with se"er!l different ctoctors, earh on "ayi-ig it was something: different, anil the 'zu. one, after puttir rre thr ji,a a. thorough examination,said I van 3nJFsrinjy fmn a crrowth, v.hich, ia Hzna, v.ocM result in.cancer, and said I would not live more than two yean if not operated upon right away. 1 became hope1 s!y discouraged but would nofcconsent to the operation tuj I wo3 too weak and too much afraid, but atlast, through the advice of a friend, f tried Dr. Pierce's medicines, andafter using tvo bottled of the Favorite Prescription I immediatelyfek a change. I aiso used ro botes of "Healing Suppositories andeight boxes of 'Lotion TauleW and can safely praise the name of Dr.Pierce's mcd.cints to all ho suffer from any female disease, for thesemedicines aie all they io t z:.l u be, and I huj,o vid help others aaMETALSHINGLESLAID RIGHTOVER OLD WOODSHINGLESdirt no bother, and when oncelaid they make a thoroughly storm-proofand fire-proof roof, neither of -which canbe claimed for the wood shingle.As to price they cost no more than aArriving9 -aany-Schioss Bros., Sc Co.,Baltimore, rV3d.9Hand fVlade SuitsAre t2ere OlrectSTrom The TaiSorsHands. . .We are showing the new Plum,Carnation, Grey and Browns, theprices very reasonable, 15 to 325.All Wool Fall Suits, newestshades at. . .$10, 12.50 and 15.Our Fall Line of Haws VonGol Hats Douglass Shoes and Irvin Bros., Special Shoes are arriving daily.The showing we are makingfor Fall is in every way up to thehighest class, our prices are morereasonable than elsewhere.try a load.i i ' i TtSsg20&22&m&22&G2& Dentonojb$&cOl-ijik-,c-' -H1 " T-v-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1912aShocking SoundsHappy the girl, or woman, who has never suffered fromany of the diseases of womanhood! Or, if she has been asufferer, happy is she if she has learned of the -wonderfulbenefits of Cardui, the woman's tonic!Cardui is a gentle, tonic remedy, for women's ailments.It is a natural medicine safe, harmless, purely vegetable.It has been in successful use for more than 50 years. Ithas cured thousands. It should do the same for you.Mrs. Alary Neely, of Denver, Tenn., says, "I thinkthere is no tonic on earth, as good as Cardui. I used itwith the very best results. I had backache and nearlyeverything a woman could suffer with, until I took Cardui.Now, I feel better than I have for two years. I shallalways recommend Cardui to other suffering women. Ican't praise it too highly. As a medicine for weak, tired,worn-out women, Cardui is safe and reliable. Try it, today!Write to: Ladies' Advlsnrv TVnt HiiHinonw j:;. . t.nfor Special Instructions, and 64-page book. "Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 56L. & N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT JAN 14. 1911. AT 11:59!P. M.in the earth are sometimes heard before a teriible earthquake, that warnot thecomine peril. Nature's warningsare kind. That dull pain or ache inthe back warns you the Kidneys needattention. If you would escape thosndangerous maladies, Drunsy, Diabetesor Bright s disease taKe Electric Bitters at once and seebackache fly andall ydur best feelings return. "Myson received great benefit from theiruse for ludnev and bladder trouble,"writes Peter Bondv, South Hockwood,Mich., "It is certainlv a great kidney medicine." Try it. 50 cents atOberdrfer's.llll llll""""ahpnTi.-Jl!iW ril IMMgIUIIBIBlJlmlllrmmm&wamimmmiBMmmwmBwmmmkmmmmmBWmITOUnpardonable Sin.In religious controversy the unpardonable sin is attributing bad motivesto those who differ from us.Traixis A.rrrveNo. FROM34 Atlanta, Ga.. Daily 5 21 amLexington, Ky., Daily 4.34am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 am7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 am19 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 am37 Cincinnati, O., Dnily 9.50 am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 am12 Lexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 am26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 am25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .- 3.10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pm138 Lexington, Ky.. Daily .- 3.34 pm3S Knoxville. rf,enn.. Daily 3.25 pm5 Maysville, Kv., Daily. , 5.25 pm39 Cincinnati, O . Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pm30 Lexington, Ky., Daily - 6,03 era8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.03 am32 Jacksonville. Fla., Daily 6 05 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrains De-partNo. TO84 Cincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 arc10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily .9.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily .".9.56 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.24 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10.27 am6 Maysville, K., Daily 12.05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.J54 pm38 Cincinnati. O., Daily 3.4n pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.52 pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.57 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.10 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Dailv Except Sunday 6.15 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 6.25 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.55 pm13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57 pIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Tretn.s ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.40 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10. 00 pmTrizis XDe;pa,rtNo. TO1G1 Frankfort & Louisville, Sundav Only G.20 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday : 7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday 9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky Daily Except Sunday 5.52 am- 1 i r$100 Reward $100.The rerders of this paper will bepleased to learn that thete is at leastone dreaded, disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stages, andthat is Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Cureis the only positive cure now known tothe medical fraternity. Catarrh being a constitutional disease, requires aconstitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, actingdirectly upon the blood and mucoussurfaces of the system, thereby destroying the foundation of the disease,aud giving the patient strength bybuilding up the constitution and assisting nature in doing its work. TheDroprietors have so much faith in itscurative powers that they offer OneHundred Dollars for any case that itfails to cure. Send for list of testimonials. Address P. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, Ohio.Sold bv all druggists, 75s.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.J. US tAIS L31Man's Limitations Defined.No man, however good he may be,understands girls; neither does heunderstand women. Exchange.A vast amount of ill health is due toimpaired indigestion. When the stomach fails to perform its fuuctions properly the whole system becomes deranged. A few doses of Chamberlains Tablets, is all you need. Ihevwill strengthen your digestion, invigorate your liver,-and regulate yourbowels, entirely doins away withthat miserable feeling due to faulty digestion. Try it. Many others havebeen permanently cured why not you?For sale bv all dealers.Make Your Gas Mantles Last.Before you use a new gas mantle,soak it in vinegar and hang It up todry. In this way a brilliant light isobtained and the burners will lasttwice as long as usual, even in adraughty room. McCall's Magazine.He Won't Limp Now.No more limping for Tom Moore,of Cochran. Ga., "1 had a bad soreon my instep that nothing seemed toheio till I used Eucklen's ArnicaSalve," he writes, "but this wonderful healer scon cured me." Heals oldrunning sores, ulcers, boils, burns,cuts, bruises, eczema or piles. Try it.Only 25c at Oberdofer's.Keeping Friends.Not to need your friends is probablythe best way to keep them. AtchisonGlobe."I was cured of diarrhoea by onedose of Chamberlain's Colic, Choleraand Diarrhoea Remedy." writes M. E.Gebhardt, Orioie, Pa. For sale by alldealers.Better Than the Mighty.He that is slow to anger is betterthan the mighty; and he that rulethhis spirit than he that taketh a city.BJble.fmmm nawM ihwmim. i i tom . ,Quick DetachableSClincherIff ROUND SHAPE 4W STRONG WifSlfe1 RESILIENT 0mWk DURABLE MfEasily Fits Any Quick Detachable RimNo Tools RequiredIN STOCK BY).yiUKES & PRICHABDCornir Fjurth and Pleastantm-JJMr. V. S. Gunsalus. a farmer livingnear Fleming, Pa., savs he has usedChamberlain's Colic, Cholfcra and Diarrhoea Remedy in his fpmilv for fifteen years' and that he has found it tobe an excellent remedy and takespleasure in recommending it. For saleby all dealers.toSeptember 14During the Running Races greatly reduced rates on allrailroads will be in effect from all points to Lexington and return.A splendid opportunity is, therefore, afforded you to see the sportof Rings; and at the same time to inspect the greatest and best assortment of Fall stocks of merchandise ever seen in Central Kentucky. Come to The Great RetailCenter of KentuckyYou just ought to see the splendid display of goods nowcarried in these stores. And the best part of it is the value youreceive for your money. On the same trip you can see races,never better than this fall, to thrill you through and through. Thisyou can do for just a little more than one fare for the round-trip.A great big opportunity, isn't it? Then don't miss it.Come Every Day Come Any DayDuring The RacesAugust 31 September 14w.j?.Certainly for No Other Reason.In China women carry their children from baskets that hang from abar that crosses the mother's shoulders. Twins are desirable as preserving the balance of weight, if notfor other reasons.Way of the Truly Great.It is easy in this world to live after the world's opinion; it is easy insolitude to live after one's own; butthe great man is he who in the midstof the crowd keeps with perfect sweetness the independence of solitude.Emerson.Modern Axiom.Work hard and deny yourself whileyou are young, so that when you areold you may have things you cannotenjoy. Lif.SPECIAL EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURNSunday.sept. 8.L)l oUO$RoundTripRoundTripSPECIAL TRAINLvsQ GEORGETOWN 7:45 a.m.ASK TICKET AGENTS FOR PARTICULARS.IJ.iJJIUHJUlblPitfalls to Avoid.Argument, as usually managed, isthe worst sort of conversation; as itis generally in books, the worst sortof reading. Swift.WGOD'S MEMSS & ROOTSV W T P 1 S f P r' 3 r :: Tv-TV"Were all medicines as meritoriousas Chamberlain's Colic. Cholera andDiarrhoea Remedy the world would bemuch better off and the percentage ofsuffering creatly decreased." writesLindsay Scott, of Temple, Ind. Forsale bv all dealers.Foxes Not Easy Prey.Foxes often kill buzzards and thesmaller hawks that have been impelled to attack them through hunger.They have mainly done this by dragging the birds through branches andbrushwood; for they usually havetheir talons deeply imbedded in theirintended victim, and are unable to letthem go.Ingenious Swindler.A laughable and ingenious fraudwas played on two Glasgow (Scotland) women the other day. By representing to two housewives their husbands had fallen in the Clyde, andthat he had been sent for a changeof clothing, a man named "Skiing received from, ""the women the clothesasked, and appropriated them to hisown ufti." rH;.rx iGs3n!Wi ' vs.?:. ;r. imAm&h &!(Tf. "L ' ' '"- rXt -. "v ''- - " .x v,rtr T" - - -yr TS'AJCHARLIE WHITEMGON, tfie Cow Boy Herbalist3729-31 W. Broadway, Louisville, Ky,Deep down in every human heart lies a NATURAL desire for NATURE'S medicines, Roots & Herbs.Too long have the secrets of nature been neglected, too long have people disregarded God's promises. Modern doctors think only of "operations" & strong drugs, while human suffering & deaths from disease increase rapidly every year. Health, is natural, disease unnatural. My years of experience as a Cow-boy& among the Indians give me a peculiar fitness & knowledge of the powers of Roots & Herbs as medicines,my remedies have cured & are curing Blood Poison, Lung Trouble, Kidney, Bladder, Liver, Female & Skindiseases, Rheumatism, Dropsy, Catarrh, Nervous & Stomach Troubles that were pronounced incurable by thebest doctors. I want to PROVE this to the world & to any one asking, I will mail the greatest book of its.kind ever published, entitled "THE COW-BOY HERBALIST," absolutely free. If you are not enjoying ALLthe blessings of perfect health, your duty demands that you INVESTIGATE MY CLAIMS. All letters of.inquiry promptly answered.COM-CEL-SAR is the name of my great TONIC, BODY-BUILDER, compose'd of 16 Roots "& Herbs-makes 3 full quarts of medicine, lasts about 3 months, costs only one dollar & is LEGALLY GUARANTEEDto satisfy THE PURCHASER or money refunded. COM-CEL-SAR is sold BY ALL DRUGGISTS & DEALERS IN MEDICINE for the nerves, stomach, liver, kidney s 'bowels, bladder '& blood. A household Iremedy v?most excellent. Ask for COM-CEL-SAR; if your druggist hasprgot it or won't get it, I WILL FILL YOUR' -ORDERSPOSTAGE PAID. ""CHARLIE WHITE-MOON'S SCIENCE SOPE is made of PURE VEGETABLE WIS FOR 'HUMAN, , VSKIN ONZY, guaranteed to satisfy Or money refunded. 10c or 3 bars 25c at all 4wlers, R(iH,wko rt - 'plied thru all ivholesalc dealers. - " t yjb?&Ti.i J-l:"V1 "THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 2 1912.-tiif 'Xi.5 J il,V& ,1466 ANNUALCOUNTY7 7Sept. 3, 4, 5, 6, 7,9no . m a miMi mm m i n ii i i iii i i h nnnw unrrTir"Best Horse Show of...Them All...Liberal Premiums For All Classesof Live Stock.Free Entrance to All ClassesMICHAEL'S CONCERT BAND!MISS HAMMANN, Soloist'Every Bay Has Special Features, IncludingTuesday Big Colt Stake, Pony Show, ShorthornCattle, Harness, Saddle and . RoadsterHorses' Sheep.Wednesday Shorthorn and Beef Cattle, Harnessand Saddle Horses, Baby Show, Mare andColt, Pony Rings, Berkshire, Poland Chinaand Durock Hogs.Thursday $100 Harness Stake; Jersey Cattle, Jacksand Jennets, Saddle and Harness Rings.Friday 250 given in Mule Premiums, including $100Suckling Mule Show; Heavy HarnessHorses, Harness Mares, Harness Geldings,Pony Rings, Boy Rider, Walking Horse;$100 Saddle Special; Lady Driver, FancyTurnout, Combined Horses, Etc.Saturday Six Roadster Classes, including $100Sweepstakes; Combined Rings, Saddle andDraft Horses, Trotting Bred Colt, BabyShow, Rockaway and Model Horses, HeavyHarness Horses, Gentlemen Riders.trBisesf: Poultry and Pigeon Showof Any County Pair,W S fix S R. & I.? lD V WMReduced Rates On AH Railroads.Write For Catalogue.J. ML B-Sall, Pres. CWhen Wrinkles Come.The first wrinkle of age comes onthe side of the cheek just in front ofthe ear and its possessor is, as a rule,.the last person to notice it. Just hehind the dar there is usually a falling.off of the roundness of the neck, andthe hair becomes thin, leaving a baldlook on the woman over 40 if she isnot careful to remedy these importantblemishes. Massage will do more forthese 'growing imperfections than almost any other facial defect.For Today.Those who live on the mountains'have a longer day than those who liveJathe valleys. Sometimes all we need"-tohrighten our day is to rise a little'higher.Invitation to Failure.r A large proportion of the failures inlife are to be found in the ranks oftke chronic leaners. Orison SwettHarden.Better Pay First.It U hard to, par for bread that hatumsmmmmmmeymmmmwmmmmS- A. Webber, Sect.Health and Cheer.There is longevity in tb-2 sunny soulthat eases our jolts and makes oursides shake with laughter. There isa wonderful medicinal effect in goodcheer. Good news and glad tidingshave a magic effect even upon invalids. 'We often see a whole store orfactory or home transformed by onesunny soul. On the other hand, wehave seen them blighted and madedark by a gloomy, morose, fault-findingperson.The Reason Why."Madam, I am just out of the hospital, and" ''Don't tell me any suchstory as that! You are the sameman I gave a piece of pie to not twoweeks ago." "Yes'm, dat was just'fore I went to de hospital.' HoustonPostBlessings of Good Temper.No trait of character is more valuable than the possession of a goodmper. Home can never be madehappy without it It is like flowersspringing up in. -our pathway, reviving!us. -mThomas Eslate Causes LitigationSuit has been filed by Mrs. MaryThomas Ireland and her children,James T. Clay and Miss Laura Clav,of Lexington, formerly of Paris,atrainst Robert L. Thorns and the wido7and heirs of William R. Thomas, ofLexington. The suit has grown cut ofone branch of the estate ol the lnreCaptain James M. Thomas, of thiscity, who amassed a fortune in mountain lands and lumber, and died a resident of Ford. Clark county, severalyears ago. The plaintiff, Mrs. MaryThomas Ireland, is a daughter ot Captain James M. Thomas.The plaintiffs claim that Robert L.Thomas and William R. Thomas, whowere two of the executors and trusteesunder the will of James M. Thomas,and who purchased from the estateabout twenty thousand acres of landin Jackson and Rockcastle counties forS190.000. should1 account to the plaintiffs for their one-fourth part of the advance price which the plaintiffs claimthe said Robert L. Thomas .and William R. Ihomas received from a re-saleof fcoid land in Jackson and Rockcastlecounties. Mis. Ireland and her children claim that the defendants re-solasaid land for as much as 5500,000.The litigation is based upon the contention of the plaintiffs that the trustees could not make any profit out ofthe estate b y buying and reselling it.The suit is in Winchester and will betried in the Clark Circuit Court.The plaintiffs aie represented byRobert B. Franklin, of Frankfort, andRobert C. Talbott, of Paris.Notice.All customers not having settledtheir July accounts are respectvullyrequested to call and do io at once,Respectfullv,6-tf MISS JESSIE BROWN.DiesTrom Fright.Wallace Larrv. a colored boy apedfifteen years, fell from a mule on thefarm of Mr. H. V. Thompson ,'in Clarkcounty and died from fright a few minutes later. The boy, whose home wasat Clintonvillethis county, was ridingone mule and leading another whtn heaccidentally fellbetween the two animals. Death is believed to have beenthe result of heart trouble. Followingthe accident he was placed in a wagon,but died in a few minutes atfer gasning. "That scared me to death." Thebody wasjburied at Clintonville.Read This Testimonial.Rp.ad what this farmer has to savabout our hog remedy :"This is to certify that I have usedLaughlin's Hog Remedv for ten yearsand heartily recommend it as being thebest for choleia, and as a preventativeand tonic advise all farmers to use it."S. E. BEDFORD, Paris. Ky."Call at our office on Bank Row, andwe have hundreds of other testimonialsto show vou.LAUGHL1N HOG REMEDY CO.C. B. M. Meeting.TheC . W. B. M. hejd a very interesting meeting Friday afternoon inthe pariorsof thp Christian church withMrs. Walter Payne. Vice President,presiding in the absence of the President, Mrs. Lucy Simms. Alter thebusiness session a literary programwas rendered. The program consistedof a set of questoins nrepared by thechairman of the board and answeredby the members.. Miss Maria Tiptongave a very interesting talk on NewZealand. A tribute to the memory ofMrs. Julia Frank, one of the membersof the auxiliary, was read and the secretary was requested to write a letterof sympathy to Mrs. Sarah K. Yancey,the State Secretary, whose son, Mr.Worth Yancey, diedj recently in Lexington. Every Day a Feature.Every day of the 'Bourbon Fair,September 15-7, will have its specialfeatures. Every day will be a bigday. A grand collection of the mostfamous blooded stock in Kentucky tocontent for the liberal premiunib. Attractions both day and night.Rugs, Carpets and Matting.Low prices on rugs, wall papermattings andjCarpets all this week atx J. T. HI N TON'SColored Institute Closes.The Colored Teachera' Institutewhich has been in session hero duringthe week came to a close Friday. Thiswas one of the best institutes, both inpoint of attendance, interest and profitever conducted in Paris. All of thpteachers in attendance were alert, enthusiastic and fully alive tb the importance of agricultural and manualtiaining and domestic science. TheseJ depaitments were emhasized through-oat the meeting a number rf theteachers having taken special coursesalong these lines at thf University ofChicago and at other institutions.Bicycle Supplies.Full line of bicycle supplies tor allmakes of wheels. Let us fill yourorder.9 tf J. ELVOVE.Killed in Missouri.j News has been received here of thedeath of: James Quisenberrv Squires,I aged eighteen, son of William H.J Squires, formerly of Bourbon county,which was the result of his beinestruck by a train at Cameron, Mo.,'.where his father lesides. He was returning home from church and how theaccident occurred is not explained.The bodv was in no way mutilated. Hewas the grandson of the late Wm. T.Squires, formerlv a member of theBourbon Fiscal Court, who reside atLittle Rock, this county, and has manyrelatives here. The family both inKentucky and Missouri are prostratedwith grief over his tragic tmd. Hisfather, Wm. H. Squires, formerly ieNsided near Little Rock, this county, andmoved to Missouri several years ago.The Carpet and Rag Store.We have one of the largest stocks ofcarpets and rugs in the State. No oldpatterns, all the latest syles to" selectfrom. jCalLin and let us save youmoney. ,MilBThe Associated Publisher's Co,Wants to Talk to You.Several Days Ago We Asked You ifList' 1. iOpportunity EveryHourComesAssociated With Us at This Writing, andThere Will Be Many More, Are:FRANK TOLLE, JAMES PURDEN, Maysville Independent, Maysville, Ky.SWIFT CHAMP, Bourbon News, Paris, Ky.HARRY McCARTY, Jessamine Journal, Nicholasville, Ky. :JOHN PULLIAM, D. W.'HUTTON, Harrodsburg, Herald, Harrodsburg, Ky.W. O. McINTYRE, W. V. RICHARDSON, Danville Advocate, Danville, Ky.J. H. PICKELS, Kentucky Register, Richmond, Ky.COL. WOODSON MAY, R. L. BROWN, Somerset Journal, Somerset, Ky.SOMMERS BROS. & MARRIATT, The Elizabethtown News, Elizabethtown, Ky.H. C. CLAPPELL, Thousand Sticks, Middlesboro, Ky.LUCIEN BECKNER. CARL ROBBINS, The Sun Sentinel, Winchester, Ky.W. B. BELL, Georgetown Times, Georgetown, Ky.XNew Fall Hoods.Lanre consignmsnts of carpets, rugsand furniture of every description arearriving daiW at our store. See us before you buy and let us save youmoney. J. T. IIINTON.Go to B lick's.tVov a nice bath, hair cut or shavego to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclapp barbers v 13 tfSchool Opening.Mrs. Walker's private school willooen' on Monday, September 9th.Number oLpupils limited. " 'vvP , , , , gm,,n, ,WIJ . I- r Tof Our Stockholders.It's a Big Listogm big men who have madeJbig business by getting into abig thing like ours and its getting BIGGER. Call at the Bourbon Newsoffice and look ifc over. You willfind a friend there who knows us.Eo Vot2 Knowthat we have had to get out asecond addition of our proposition? Do Vou Knowthat magazine stock is the bestpaying and most universally successful investment on earth?Do You Knowthat we have the best payingmagazine and publication proposition on earth?Do Vou' Know aMoney Tree?We have one ask us about it orget a prospectus. The story istold there.Ask him what he knows.THEN investigate yourself.Any point not clear, ask aquestion.We have had questions askedall kinds many times.No matter their nature, noquestion embarrasses us.Our list of conservative stockholders of Kentucky all askedquestions.We answered them to theirsatisfaction.Evidence the list at The Bourbon News office.When the opportunity presents'itself AN OPPORTUNITY SUCH ASOURS to not only make a mostpromising investment, and at thesame time, enter your name onthe list in giving support to anenterprise of tremendous educational value to the South andSouth-west, you would be negligent, inded, if you failed toinvestigate.You will, Won't You?We will not enter into financial details here.We recognize that our materialwelfare is the paramountjfeaturein this life.We reserve the financial details for our prospectus to answer.This prospectus is yours for asking. Fill nut either coupon below TO-DAY.iJL 1A SSLDO IT NOW!Michael's Band at Fair.Michael's Celebrated Concert Bandwill be one ot the features of theBourbon County Fair, September 3-7.Miss Hamm.mii, soloist, who delighted the- crowds here last year will occupy a prominent place on the dailyprogram. tEncouraging Him.Bashful Youth "I'm so afraid tosee your father. Did anyone else everask him?" The -Maiden "Yes, Arthur, and they suffered like heroes."The Club-Fellow:' , 1iwYou Had Seen a..SeldomLikeOurs !" AOne-- Investigate64?2mmIU Tnsnrmicf MmntLife, Accident, Health yLiability, Fire, AVind,Lightning : : : :':j,:.Eiggest and Best Paynr.VCrn:ileIGive Old "Nab a CaSjIiii2 Helios K7, "JTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 2; 1912FKJrrft V 'THE KOURBON NEWS.! personal mention.cof substantiate with an ice course wasserve.!. Those present were: Mestlames Amos Turner. Carl Wflmoth,Mr. Victor O'Neal ha3 returned White Varden, Ray Taylor, "Williamfrom a visit tu relatives in Maysviile. J Ardery, Woodford IDaniel, WithersMr. PrisW Botts, of Cincinnati, j P " Jon Davis, Misses Eliza-56 the guest of Miss Corinne Collins, j Jsth Steele Racheal W if gins, Nancjvxnuibii, viiciic i uwax, maitiiu, xcxg,"ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVEBYTHJNInsure your tobacco withMcCiure : Clendenin. E.T. Phone 235. Home Phone72.Residence Property Sold.Mrs. Mattia McCarney, of Pais, hascnifi tn Mr ifnhavri K. McCarrey. oftbis city, a lot on Vine street,KmnM narc&l of land adjoinimr.as lot No. 5. in Alexander is Additionto Pans, at a private price.Bigger and Better.ever theinclusive.1 Miss Edith Hancock has returnedfr jin a visit to relatives at Cleveland,i Tdim.' Miss Annabel Peters is visiting, Mi?s Mollie Thompson in Montgomerycounlv.! Miss Stella Mardis, of Covington,is the guest of Mrs. F. M. Pindell,nearthis city.i Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive returnedJ Friday evening irom Monti eat, NorthCarolina.Mrs. Lon Tribble has returnedand a ' troin an extended visit to relaitvesmknown Missouri.iMiss Elsie Arnold, of Versailles,will be the guest of Miss ElizabethHinton this week.Bigger nnd better than"Rnnrhrm Fail SeiJt 3-7Evm-y day will have its specialfeatnrrjs.This Week's Fairs.The following Kentucky fairshe bold tri- w eV, ElizabethtownMonti it lie, Lecturing Tuesday,days; Somerset, Tompkinsvilie,Ivturvilie. Bardtown and thec aunty Fa:: Lt Sanders. Wednesdaylour daysBanks Close Earlier.InParthelorthe11031'-der to sive the employes of theyanks an nuportunity to attendourbon Fair this week the hourosing the five banking houses in,ty will be one o'clock, each afterur.til Saturday, when tiiey willreT.ain open unti 3 p. tn. Ihe openinghour will be 9 a. m., as usual.TOBACCO INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againstfire and wind.JOE MITCHELL.Building Lot Sale.Mr. and Mrs. E. F. Burnett sold toMrs. Nora Buckley, of Covington, abuilding lot on Nineteenth stree, in theold Fair Grounds addition to Paris, ata nrivate price."Mrs. Bud: lev is the mother of Mrs.Thomas Maher. of Paris, and will remove to Paris to reside.Mis? Margaret Nuckles. of Versailles, is the guest of Miss EllenjTowles, near this city.Miss Lucy Clay Woodford, of MbJ Sterling, is tne guest of Miss Elizabethi Yerkei, tor the iair.will ' r rCfi Sleele, who underwentw"i an operation at St. Joseph's Ilospical,'our i Lexington, is improving.Bar- Mis3 Nell Whaley has returnedTri- from a visit to her sister, Mrs, iioif-man Wood' in Mt. SterlingI Mr. Will S. Arnparger, ot Eton,Ga., is the guest of his parents, Mr.and Mrs". Clifton Arn sparger, for thelairAttend Bourbon Fair." Attend the Bouroon Fair, Sept. 3-7.inclusive. Bisger and better thanever. A cremium list unexcelled byany fair in the State of Kentucky.Plentv of attractions both day annight." Michaels' celebrated concertband. 27-3CInsure your Tobacco withTHOMAS & WOODFORD.Colored Man Honored.William Freeman, colored, of thiscity, has returnea from Dayton, U.fwhere he attended the meeting of theHranri Lnriee of the Improved Be-Mrs. C. Aling returned yesterdayto hfr home in Philadelpnia after avisit to Mrs. William Rice, in thiscity.Misses Elizabeth and MargaretShive have riturned home after a visitto iriends in Campbellsville and Lebanon. M ss Rose Hunt, of Cincinnati, andMiss Maggie Spillman, of Lexington,are euests of Mis. D. S. Jordan forthe fair.Miss Jennie Kenney will leave today for her home in Roswell, NewMexico, alter a months visit to relaliveb in this city.Mrs. W. T. B'-ooks, Mrs. NathanBayless, Mrs. Henrietta Ewalt andMiss Julia Edwards are sojourning atUraham Springe.Miss Marcella Ryan, of Paris, returned home Sunday after a most delightful visit to her cousin, Ms. JohnSnannon, in Covington.Mrs. Anderson, who has ben theguest of her sister, Mrs. W. E. Simms,ior several weeks returned to herhome in Lexington Friday.Miss Iva McCarney, of Cincinnati,who nas been the auett of Mrs. K. J.Neely, has gone to Woodford countyfor a visit to relatives leTore returning home.Miss Gertrude Sheer entertainedwith a dinnerparty Friday, tnegoestswere Misses Grace McCord, RubyFisher, of Millersburg, KatherineKenney and Ellen Henry.Mrs. Ed. Slattery and eon Robert,cf this eitv, and Miss Winif-ed Han-! lev, of Netr Peddles Mill, are visit-son and Joe Davis of Lexington.Mrsi W. H.' Harris is the guest ofrelatives in Chicago.Mrs. Win. Kenney has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Louisville.Mr. James H. Thomnson has returned from a business trip to Louisville. Miss Nannie Clay is visiting Judgeand Mrs. John C. Chenault at Richmond. Mrs. Lizzie Laughlin, of Milroy,Ind., is the guest of her cousin Mrs.George B. M inter.Mr. and Mrs. U. ,F. Buckley returnea yesterday from a month s stayon Lake George, in Canada.The Bourbon Dancing Club willentertain with it3 annual fail dance atElks Hall Thursday evening, September 5.Mr. J. D. Hunter, State Organizerof the Junior Order United A mericanMechanics, was in the city last weekin the interest of the order. He leftFridav ror Boyd where he is engagedin working up a council.Mr. Allen Ashbrook, 'sGn of Mrs.Jennie Ashbrook. of Lexington, formerly of Paris, arrived in KentuckySunday lor a visit to his mother. Mr.Ashbrook is a student at Annapolisand has heen with the Atlantic fleettnis summer.Miss Dorcas Ussery and MissFrances Champ will return Tuesdayafternoon from Cincinnati where theyhave spent several weeks with Missj TJssery's mother, Mrs. W. C. Usserv.Miss Martha Waller will accomDanythem home. She will visit at Mrs. J.M. Hall's duiing the fair.The Best in The World.Read what this prominent farmersays of Laughlin's Cholera Remedy."L have used Laughlin's CholeraRemedy for several years for bothhogs and fowls and find it will do thework.'' Benj Woodford, Paris, Ky.x OiTice on Bank Row, Paris, Ky.Accepts Traveling Position.Mr. Harry Collins, of this city, hasaccepted a position as traveling salesman with Strater Bros, tobacco manufactrov in Louisvile, which is nowowned and operated by the Burley Tobacco Societv.At Reduced Prices.To make room for new goods we areoffering hand-painted China and. strct!.v hand-cut glass at greatly reducedprices.27-2t KORD & CO.Cut Glass.ilea-All the latest cuts and designs.sonable in price.BUTLER'S.27-4t. Opposite Court Housemmm ftJf f mmTucker tLOST.s At Christian church or on the streetsof Paris, Sunday, a topaz breast pin.Suitable reward for return to thisoffice. 20-3tfire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.. . t-...i: -.J r T711..nevoient ana rroiecuve uruer 0. ?h2 Mr. and Mrs. John Shannon andot the World, a colored organization l M and M uichaid tfeurianof GovThere were more than five hundred i..cf the country. Freeman was honored j Mrs. W. L. Davis, who has been from Fayette county.i. in, .wui...7 ... . . ,! ... . . .... l 1 .1 1 I liic ciral-iim millMcCiure 4 Clendenin Join Lexington Real Estate Exchange.McCiure & Clendenin, the wellknownFire and Life Insurance Acrency. ofParis, have recently added a Real Estate Department to their business, arenow members of the Lexington RealEstate Exchange, which is composedof sixteen leading agencies of thatcity.These agencies will, from time totime, "send to McCiure & Clendeninbuyers and renters for all classes offarm lands which can not be sunpiiedbv the Grand Lodge by bains5q Omnrl Esouire. The meeting nextyear will be held in Atlantic City.selected j visiting in this city, spent several daysGood Suggestions.Read Lenihan's advertisementpage 1 of this issue for suggestionsgood thm2s tofor fair week.eat. Lots ofonofspecials0-3t.BestOn Earth.last week with relatives in Louisville.Mr. Davis will return today to attendthe Bourbon Fair when he will leavefor his home in Columbia, S. C.Mrs Cassius M. Clay, Mrs. O. P.Clay and Mrs. Charles McMillan chaperoned a boating party of young people Friday evening. Five boats wererequired to take the happy crowd toa beautiful spot several miles upStoner creek, wliere an elegant picnic supp?r was served The returntrip was made by moonlight, and theevening was ideal.Mrs, E M. Dick-on entertainedFriday afternoon, at her beautifulhome on Stoner avenue with auctionbridge. The rooms were artisticallyj decorated with quantities of garden. flowers. After the games the guestsI were served with an rlcgant meatj course accompanied by refreshingorange ice Two prices were award, ed, ai embroidered gupst towel and a, crochet hand bag, the former securedhxr lire 1 ,vni Mnorn. rf TliM mii . it:rlv.Mr. Wiliam Lynch, who has been in , and the laUer by Mrs j W- aconCnarge Ul UlS UUSUU-aa. vn uoiikiwu 1 Qf Hiig fitvWh'le in town visiting the fair buyyour fall shoes. But don't purchaceuntil vou have seen my stock. We 1sell the old reliable Hanan and Nettleton brands, the bestshoes in the world,x GEO. Mc WILLIAMS.Buys Store at Hutchison.Mr. Harold W. Snell, of Bourboncounty, hss purchased of Lynch &Wiggins their stock of merchandise intheir store located at Hutchison. Thework of invoicing is in progress andthe business "will be taken over asponn ai tho inventory is completed.This system will afford to farmowners in Bourbon couniy the opportunity of listing their farms for rentand sale with McCiure & Clendenin,which firm will come in contact withbuyers and renters, not only from theiragency, but also with customers sentto them bv the Lexington Real EstateExchange.This exchange svstem r is being developed bv the Lexington Exchangethroughout Cpntial Kentucky, and.in the near future, McCiure & Clendenin will also have huyers and renterssent to them by agencies from manyother towns surrounding Lexington.The office ct this firm is on the second floor ot the Agricultural BankBuilding, and is in charge of MissGract Donaldson and James Winn McCluie.twho will be clad to list yourproperty, and exnlain the many advantages of listing your property withtLis sgeiicy.FancyLadies' crocheted ties and ruchingsfor sale byMRS. ELIZA AYKES.1302 Cypress St..S2-2t "Paris. Kv.Summer uoods lowOn Sale at Greatly Reduceed Prices. . .tijftirwhile.nn,,...,. ....., . -- , m., -. -- v. -- fit W . Fid TiiCKerri lea -CVfT A Vl FEEw-M 1G ibs-KODAKSsCASPECIALSSHIGranulatedJSugar $ 1 .OO8 boxes Searchlight Matches, (3 boxes 10c)$5 upBROWNIE25cf8 bars Lenox Soap 25cRoyal Baking Powder, 25c size, this week only . .20cStone's Silver Slice and Country Club Cakes.. 1 0-1 5c25 lb. sack Eldean Flour. .' SOc45c60c45c12 lb. sack Eldean llourParowax, for sealing J.-Mason qt. JarsMason pt Jars '.(Afirniost Kodaks)to $12.00.Chase & SanbonrsBonita Tea, 1-2 lb.'Orange Pekoe"tinsTea, a can-.2)Oc35cFee's Grocery Co.W 9 mbusiness, willwith the new owner for three months,2fter which he will go West for thebenefit of his health, Mr. John Wiggins, the other number of the firm,will devote his time to farming.For The School Children.Slates, pens, pencils, tablets, ink.erasers and school supplies that are alittle cheaoer than any other pace30-3t " T. LENIHAN.SCHOOL BOOKS CASH.We sell school booSscommissioned co clemssamePARiS BOOK CO.onHemu cii, .Jtiiy,tfU(2U V.51 tUCH IViBourbon RevenueThe followincr revenue assignmentsfc; the month of September havobeen made by Revenue Collector T.A. Fields.:Julius Kessler & Co.. Paris-J,Rusell, day: Clav Ch-co, bottlingP. Hutchraf tard RI. B. Doason,ditional; W. G. Cook, gauger.F. P. Thomat, Ku-orton W.ChPrrv. dav : W. N. Ke.tdsrsoa.Headed by A. P. Barnard, of Lguisvillj, the Lexi::cton Tobacco Warehouse Company procured a charterfrom the Virginia Corporation Commission to operate n warehouse inPetersburp, Va , for buying, sellingand dealing in leaf tobacca. Othersinterested in the project are R. L.Baker, Secretary and Treasurer, Lexington, Ky. ; Thomas P. Brgan and JAlexander P. Humphrey. Jr., both of,Richmond, Va. The capital stockranees from $500,000 to S750.000. Petersburg is in the heart oi the dark to-, Ibacco blr. It is understood that toe jGrand Show o Horses. iThe grandest hore show of themall at the Bourbon Fair, September 37 inclusive. Special features, newjattractions.jam iimjMLawji JMyrwgggwiwEWI WSiY231Six OakDining Room Chairs,Genuine Leather SeatrSLJI IDEPARTMENT?comcany expectsearly in the fali.to be in operationdiiiontl and bottling; . U. cook. ;gaugfr.G.G. White Co., Pair C. L Bryrn. "additional and bpttlirg; R; D.Orn additional ; W. G. Cook.:,9PWjer.fRand-Pair.ted China.- uuinc hand paintedW ftach.Miss Elizabeth Yerkas entertained gSaturday in bono: of her guest. Miss I gLucy Clay Woodford, of Mt. Sterling, gThe roms of the beautiful hnrne on 1 SSuuth Main street were tastefully dec-1 fcjorated with vases and bowls of bright ; fcAssignments, flowers. There were seven tables of , g"500. aid three prises uoxes on n' candy 7. ere awarded. Ti e Quest prize gI was given to Miss Woodford, the prize , gj for the highest score was won bv Miss tNuckols. of Versailles, and the booby gI v;as secured by Mis? Frances Hancock, i yAfte. a number of games had nen en- pjjojed the guesjs were served withinpineapie ice, peacn ice cream, angei .food cake and chocolate ' cake. The I' voung bostecK was assisted by hermnther. Mrs. W. L. Yerkes, and ner ipj'ite'', tfrs. Itenry May and Mrs. John jYeikts. -Ma-. John Davis entertained the jmembers of the Bridge Club Friday .day morning at her home on Fifteeiru.street. .The roo:us veretf tastf.rilydecorated with astors. Miss Ehz& rh ,Steele secured the prize for tnc h-pt score, a pair of short waiso ntng.M.J.ad-Y.adRealizing the advantages ofhaving a corporation to act asAdministrator of Estates, alsoin management of property asGuardian or Trustee,The Bourbon Bank andTrust Co.v.ith a Capital Stock cf $100,000and Earned Surplus of $50,000,organized in 1S87, having had inthat time the experience necessary in conducting a Trust Company, ,Therefore,jBourbon Bank Trcst Co.,Paris, Ky. -lias a Trust Department andSolicits Your Business.One American Quartered DiningTable, 6 ft. Long When ExtendedOne American Quartered . ChinaCabinet, Large and RoomyOne American Quartered Buffet5 ffc. Wide Large Mirrorx4See wiflOQW ror 1 ft6S6'T, HINTONTwV-J.srNr99fMv'BUTLER'S 1-',tr 't,i'i.antncju' V t:iv,THE BOURBON NEWS,. PARIS, . KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1912j;V4iitf J11ail!-W' fHERE'STHEHOGBOURBON REMEDY CO.,Lexington, Ky.Enclosed find photo of hog: that was cured ofcholera with your Bourbon Hog Cholera Remedy. This hog: was almost dead before using:the medicine, and then was entirely cured, except loss of ears, tail, etc. The hog: is owned byMr. Skiles Ewing:, o Bowling: Green, Ky. Hewill be clad to give you a testimonial, and woC&3 cet several more if you want them.V JENKINS-SUBLETT DRUG CO.,Bowling: Green, Ky,J Ask Your Druggist for Itfor Safe dyW. T.Brooks.Almost Lost His Life.S. A. Stid, of Mason, Mich., willnever forget his terrible exposure to amerciless storm. "It gave me a dreadful cold," he writes."that caused severe Dains in my chest, so that it washard for me to breathe. A neighborgave rae several dose51 of Dr. King'sNew Discovery which brought greatrelief. The doctor said I was on theverge of pneumonia, but to continuewith the Discovery. I did so and twobottles completely cured me." Useonly this-quick, safe, reliable medicinefor coughs, colds or any throat or lunctrouble. Price 50c and S1.00. -Trialbottle free. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.EXCURSIONParis, Ky.5 toCincinnati, O.,And Return.&0'JWISUNDAY, SEPTEMBERS 1912,Fare $1.50 And Return.Excursion n Train" leaves 7thStreet Station Returning to Parisat 7 p. m.Tickets good only day of sale.For further information, call on orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent.or J. K. SMITH, T. A.MENDR. DOLLE'SMESSAGE TOvYOU CAN BE CURED BYZN'a ft vm?$wwi &-:DE. C. L. DOLLE.' Why Take Treatment That Is Doing YouITe Good, "When n lew Days under the caref Dr. Dolle Will Show You How Easy ItIs to Caro These Disomies "When the ProperTreatment la Adminihttred.Have you treated for month; and years, and"been disappo.uu-d until yon think that you cannot be cured ? You, no doubt, all this time havebeen treated by inexperienced doctors who hadneither suflicient knowledge nor experience to.know how to cure you.These arc the diheases of which I havecured so many, juntly piving mo the reputation for cures of hich I am to proud.i " Blood Diseases, Skin DiseasesI will give you treatment that will in a fewdays cure all rasb, fcpots and every sign andStaptom. My treatment gets the poison out ofe system instead of driving it in like ordinary"treatments I cure blood disease and skin disease so they cannot come back.Varicocele," causing aching or pain ingroin or "back, I7ervousness, "Weakness,Xtoss of Vitality, Lack cf Ambition3y one-treatment cure is what you shouldhave and i hat you v, ill have to have to be curedTight. Only one visit is required. I do no cut'tlng and you sufler no pain nor trouble. Allsigns disappear in a few cays.Nervous Troubles, Lost Vitality3fy combined treatment for thece troubles foooaaonamonx those who ba e become weak andTrornout, who have caused itb folly, dissipationand excesses, is remarkably good. Uo one believesixw quickly it benefits until they have taken it.It overcomes weakness, rcrvounes. pain inhack, lack of enenry, ambition and strength it'sjastthc trtatment I hae found so eilcethc intreating such diseases.Xidney and Bladder Troublesare scientifically cured by me My methods immediately benefit you, and the majority of casesI care come from physicians and specialists whofelled.Piffle Pjcfflla I can cure you soiHCb, JriLUIciC quickly and easilythat you will be surprised. 1 1. ill give you justtfee result anC cure you are looLing for withouta surgical operation.Arilfp nicpnepe Itching, burningALULL UlZCilbCZ stroLg drug storeremedies seldom cure. My treatment stops everysynptom and cures in a few days. It is scientificthat's the only sure way to be cured so it willsot oorae backXea can take my Treatment 'without n.eat and pfy me after I cure you. I knowthat I can give you new life, new hope, nnd canrestore you back to health and happiness. Ilemow that every man will pay after I have elimSacted every trace of disease from his svEtem.Microscopical and analytical urinalysis fcREE.I have writeen a book that ought to be in thefcrade of every suttering man in this country. ITrtll Bead you a copy, free, if you will write me atcase the disease for which you desire treatement,Sours, 9 to 4: Sundaj, tol p. m. Evenings,Tt 8.oa Monday .Wednesday and Saturday uightaC. L. DOLLE, M. D.. Orec Columbia Theater 5Z Walnut St, betweenFHSl and Sixth Strets.Ogaer to And. an all that is necessary m toaMt jer ue Columbia Theater, and any one canGovernor Marshall's Wife Hasflie Memory For Names.ROMANCE OF THEIR LIVES.The Notification of the Indiana Executive For Democratic Vice Presidency Honors a Record Breaker.By J. C. HAMMOND,Of Democratic National Publicity Bureau. Indianapolis. Just about the timethat thousands of friends of Governor Thomas Riley Marshall wereanxiously wanting to shake his hand incongratulation over his acceptance ascandidate of vice president on theDemocratic ticket a smiling womanstepped before him, and if one couldhave heard what she whispered in hisear it would have been something like"Now. hurry in, Tom, and change yourclothes."And Tom Marshall forgot to shakehands with the enthusiastic friendsuntil he bad carried out the orders ofMrs. Tom.Indiana has honored four of her sonsas vice presidential candidates on theDemocratic ticket, but the crowds that-..VM?te&.C -W ' ' ' w V T ,:v& ' . , ..VA.jtmHK ,CTWsTHOMAS B. MABSBALIu"greeted Governor Marshall In the bigcoliseum In the state fair grounds heretoday were the greatest in the historyof the party.The west wanted to show the eastwhat could be done In notification honors, and. while Mrs. Marshall was happy, of course, over the honors for herhusband, she was also worried, for herhusband comes mighty close to beingfather, husband, son and partner all inone. And when a woman has that com.bination on her bauds to care for shehas every right to be worried.Governor Marshall will never gainany honors as a hammer thrower. Heis not built that way.While all the country was readingthe vigorous words of Governor Marshall which told the voters what heexpects Democracy to do in carryingout the pledges for the next four yearsit's worth while to know what part awoman is taking in the affairs of thecampaign how Tom Marshall bappens to be in the position in which hestands today.The good people of Columbia City.Ind.. never thought Thomas Riley Marshall was a "marrying man." For forty years he had lived with his parents,nursing both his father and mother,who were invalids, which was the reason Governor Marshall was not a marrying man. He felt his first duty wasto his parents. ,Meeting Mrs. Marshall.After the death of his parents Governor Marshall dived deeper into hislaw practice, and one day an urgentcase took him to Angola, Ind. His duties called him to the county clerk's office, and there he rnet Miss Lois Kiinsey. daughter of the county clerk, whowas assisting her father In the office.From that day Governor Marshallhad more business around the countyclerk's office in Angola than any lawyer in half a dozen nearby counties.Governor Marshall was forty-twoyears of age when he was married.Mrs. Marshall being nearly twentyyears his junior.The Marsballs had been marriedonly a few weeks when the future vicepresident was called to an adjoiningcounty on a case that would consumesome five or six weeks of his time."Now, I did not want to be startingoff like that," Governor Marshall explained to a friend one day. so 1 justtold Mrs. Marshall that I thought sheshould go along. And she did."Since then Governor Marshall hasnever made a trip without Mrs. Marshall going along. They have traveledall over the country together: they goto banquets and political meetings topether until the friends of the Indianaexecutive refer to him and his wife asthe "pards.""'Tom Marshall is not overstrong."explained one of his friends. "Whilenot a delicate man. his constitution Isnot of the most vigorous type."Wheu be gets Into a political battlehe forgets his weakness. He gives allthat K In him. and that will tell onany man. Mrs. Marshall soon discovered thnt the governor would becomeheated In making a speech and thenext day bis voice would be husky.She 'decided that he had better give apsome of the handshaking and take core! of his health first So when you findhim making a speech liedoes not stayaround to hear the applause of the audience. Rather, he hurries to his roomand changes his clothing."Some people have said that TomMarshall is not a handshaking politician. He is not. His wife thinks it ismore Important to guaid his healththan to carry out the old time policy,and she is correct, as she is in mostall other things.""Home Air" Prevails.The Marshall home is typical of themistress. It Is a home of books, andstill one does not feel "bookish." Oneof the Marshall friends said he alwaysfelt like eating when he entered theMarshall home in Columbia City orthe executive mansion at Indianapolis.Mrs. Marshall believes in a home first,and the "home air" prevails."If Governor Marshall ever occupiedthe White House people would notknow that historic institution." declares an admirer. "Mrs. Marshallwould have it a real home. Peoplewould feel comfortable even In themidst of the gold and glitter."But it is not only as a wife and themistress of a home that Mrs. Marshallshows her ability. She Is a politicianand a clever one. She also has a remarkable memory.Governor Marshall has earned thereputatiou of being In a class of storytellers all by himself. He can remember stories, but he forgets names. Aname is something 'to be cast asidewith Governor Marshall, and this isone of the regrets of his life, if he hasany regrets. The governor Is not aworrying man. He is somewhat a fatalist; but if he could he would liketo remember names; but not havingthat ability, he does not worry, for Mrs.Marshall is the new rememberer of thefamily.She has a peculiar ability along thisline. Not only does she rememberthe last name, but any combination ofnames comes as second nature to her,and she carries this ability on down tothe children and cousins of any oneseeking the governor.While the governor is shaking handsand trying to remember whether hiscaller is Jones or Smith, Mrs. MarshallIs busy supplying the Information andasking about all the relatives.Ideal Partners.Governor Marshall has no brothers orBisters, and his parents being deadleaves him somewhat barren of relatives. Governor Marshall's friends are enthusiastic over his home life. Whenhe has started on talking of his wifea new light in the Hoosier executivecomes to the surface.They come near being ideal marriedpartners."I was talking to Tom one day,"explained one of ' his most intimatefriends. "We were leaning back, andTom had been telling some of his goodstories to illustrate various topics ofour conversation. We were waitingfor Mrs. Marshall to come back froma shopping tour, and I happened to remark that I liked Mrs. Marshall better every time I met her." 'Well, now that's the way shestrikes me, Jim,' he said 'We havebeen married some sixteen years, andas time goes that is a long or shortperiod, just as you think. To me it isbut a fleeting day. Then I think backover nay married life and find I havegrowu to know Mrs. Marshall betterevery day. A man must not only lovebut he must also respect his partnerin this life respect her in all thingsShe must have wonderful qualities tomake the love and respect grow deeperand better each day. That's been myhistory." 'The fart that Mrs. Marshall hasbeen in sympathy in my work, myplay, my life, is good. But I have beenHANDY WAGON JACKS.Six Forms of This Appliance, Which IsAlways Handy About the Farm.The diagrams represent six of themost convenient wagon jacks. Exactspecifications and minute directions arenot necessary, as any farmer can determine for himself the kind of material to use and the best way to make ajack for his particular requirements.The ease of adjusting to suit, theheight of the object to be raised willcommend the jack in Fig. 1. Use forthe base piere a 4 by G inch scantling,five feet long, making the notches onone of the flat sides, reaching abouthalf the length of stick. Thetwo up-Lyj rw.i j """FIG.IM1FIG. ZFIG.3 lb -FIG. 4nc.5FIG.6WAGON JACKS.From Farm and Fireside.rights holding the lever are three feetlong and notched on the front. Thebrace which rests in the notches onthe base sill is made long enough tosuit a low down wagon when restingIn the front notch. The lever is fourand one-half feet long. The illustration shows plainly how the wagon isheld when once lifted. The entire device is held together by five bolts.In Fig. 2 a 3 by G inch plank does forthe sill, and the uprights may be inchboards five inches wide at the bottom,tapering to three inches at the top.The lever Is adjusted to the height ofthe wagon by the holes in the uprights.A short chain fastened to the sill ishooked to the staple or eye bolt in thelever to hold it when desired.Fig. 3 is about the same, but the attachment for holding the lever at anypoint desired is an improvement on thechain. The blacksmith can make thisfrom wagon tire. An inch strip of thesame material is fastened across theuprights for the bar to catch on.Fig. 4 is very simple. The uprightpieces are 1M by 3 inches, three feetlong, and the sill is a 2 by 4 resting onIts narrow edge. The lever is notchedon top. and a heavy wire looped over itholds it in position.The very convenient jack In Fig. 5 is.with the exception of the lever and thecatch cleat, made of 2 by 4 scantling.When mortised together as shown itmakes a very strong jack. The levermay be one and one-half inch stuff,about four inches wide at the large end,and the cleat to hold it is of the samematerial.Another way of making this last jackis shown in Fig. G. The upright scantling. Instead of the lever, is notched,and a quarter inch wire is used to engage in the notches and hold the leverin the proper position. The wire loopis kept from slipping where it crossesthe lever by means of a staple drivenover It into the lever. Farm and Fireside.K BEAUTIFY THEFARM.If you would keep your boys athomeGo beautify the farm.Repaint the house, trim up the treesAnd give the place a charm.Give them a pride in where theylive:Make home a place of rest.Where peace and plenty both abide.And they will love it best.Farm and Ranch.MRS. MAltSHAI.Ii.in sympathy with hers. Ours Is not aone sided life. We have been partners, and that's the way it should bein this world.' "Mrs. Marshall has watched over hiadministration of the affair's of Indianawith a jealous care. There has beennothing of the spectacular in his administration. It has been a sane government. The laws that he hasfought for and won show the spirit ofthe man. They are uplifting. They dealwith the improvement of man, womanand child.While Governor Marshall is described as a "tender hearted" executive,nevertheless he is a fighter. He belongs to the old fighting stock of Virginia. Governor Marshall is not a dodger.He has his opinions, and he lets thembe known. While he is an organizationman, he knows that organizations arenot perfect that they can make mistakes. If they make mistakes hethinks It Is his xiuty to say so andget the saying over at the first possible momentMrs. Marshall Is not satisfied withCrops For Silage.Any crop grown for forage may bepreserved in the silo. The crops mostgenerally used, however, in this country m'e corn, clover, millet alfalfa,cowpeas. soy beans and the varioussorghums. But Indian corn is a greatsilage crop. Orange .ludd Farmer.Handy Seed Dropper.An old garden hose about three andone-half feet long attached to a funnelthat fits snugly makes an excellentdropper for garden and field seeds. Nostooping is necessary. Farm and Fireside.Around the Honey Makers.,If you have not already doue so, byall means requeen all colonies withyoung queens, as this will in a largemeasure prevent swarming next season. For comb honey a hive a little moreshallow in the brood nest than theregular body is preferable, as it forcesthe honey up into sections just whereit is wanted. ,There are some 800,000 beekeepers inthe United States. More than HOO.OOO'are farmers who keep bees as a sideline, obtaining honey for home use anda small trade.There is no better time than the latter part of September for making thecolonies strong in bees and stores fortheir long winter's sleep, and in this respect "a stitch in time is worth nine."While there will be little brood rearedthe last of this month, yet the weakercolonies ma.r be strengthened by givingthem frames of sealed brood and beesfrom the stronger ones, and this canbe safely done.mrnmrmmb PriniindWORK DONEWHEN PROMISED- (xootl Work Bone Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!TRE J9B P.eOfflS or' THE'BHRB0NNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOG ,POSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let tis figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.Utu Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00. ''Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.UuUWiUUwmrt; v " J fl'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 2,. 1 91 2,. i ' 'PWWMWMWIWHWWaiWMWMIWWMaBWPHIWWMWBaWMBiBMBKMgBtiaWWBC "'-i.rCurtis Henry & Co.,Groceries, Drygoods,Fresh and CuredMeats, VegeiabSes5 Fruits, Etc.RAILROAD TRAINSIf it comes from Henry's it's all right,because they handle the best and freshestthe markets afford. Their store is clean, freefrom flies, and evrything is handled in aanitary way. When you deal with them youget polite attention and prompt delivery, noextra charge for either.Call either 'phone 442, and they will beglad to serve you.CURTIS HENRY CO.Cor. 1 4th and MainDepartment Store Cor. 7th and MainSPECIALPries This Week7&l LV rwliN&'w&K o, LIr 1EMU tffi-.HOT' x?nM-RUSTARixlra RoeflTHL CORSEI SizesAH Lengths 98oCall in andExamine Them.PARIS,KENTUCKY.When a New Perfect!:&Comes Id aithe DoorHeat and- Dirt Fly Outi - " nat the WindowWhat would it mean to you to haveheat and dirt banished from your kitchenthis summer to be free from the blazingrange, free from ashes and soot?i teJ&J&Jf'it Stau J.'--tThis Stove ,saves TimeIt saves LaborIt saves FuelIt saves YOUMade with 1 , 2 and 3 bumers,vith lone, enameled, tur-quoise-bliwchimneys. Handcomely finished throughout.The 2- and 3-burper Uovescan be had with or without acabinet top, i htch is fitted withdrop slielves, towel racks, etc.All dealers carry the NewPerfecUon Stove. Free CookBook with every stove. CookBook also given to anyonesending 5 cents to cover mailing ccst -.With the New Perfection Oven, the New PerfectionStove is the taost complete cooking device on the marketIt is just m quick and handy, too, far washing and tfoning.STANDARD OIL COMPANY(Iscorporated in Kentucky) "Cwiactea, K74 Lot&viHe, Ky Atlanta, Gsu; Bkmingkam, Ala.; aad Jacksonville, Fla.Woman Complains of Talkativelow Travelers Who Insist c.nReveaUng Sennets.el-IMW"M"""'l""llB"'"""M"''"w'arMMgiMWBiM i hIt is strange how many people,when traveling, are so bored withtheir own society that they will talkto whatever stranger they can forceto listen yes, and tell their heart'ssecrets, too. Once, in the dressingroom of a Pullman, a woman whom Ihave never seen from that day to this,told me with exact detail all about arecent scandal in her family whichthey had kept out of the papers onlyby the most strenuous effort. Yet forall she knew, I might have been a reporter and I must say I longed tofrighten her for her indiscretion bytelling her that I was one!Less serious confidences are frequent. "I've hardly a hair on my headthat's my own," whispers the womanwho has come over from the next section ostensibly to offer you a magazine, but really to hear herself talk."These puffs cost $20 and altogetherI've bought over $100 worth of braidsand switches." Pleasant thought!It is much more difficult to handlethe cheerful, expansive woman traveler who has made up her mind totalk to one of her own sex and who isat heart a very -good sort, but whomerely happens to be a frightful bore,than it is to discourage the advancesof the offensive traveling man, who,seeing a woman alone, feels that hecan follow up his rude stares with conversation. Usually a curt monosyllable answer or no answer at all willsufficiently crush him but you cannotdeal out that sort of treatment to yourown sex. Exchange.Preserved by Electricity. What Constitutes Man.It is note J tnat the top strands of a Jt seems to me that "the wit of man,wire fence are more cpt to rust than strength, his grace, hi tendency, histhose which u-s through tho dew a!'t. is the grace nd presence of God.laden grass. A os?'b:e explanation Emerson.nag been o7cre in the fact that thewires running close to the ground arebiignny electrified. Vn., , , wjm"What sort of a chap in Wombat tocamp with?" "He's one of those fellows who always takes down a mandolin about the time it's up to somebodyto get busy with tho Crying pan."OTiCEI have just secured a new barberfrom Chicago and am Drepared to givethe public first class service. Give mea call Shop is equipped with electricfans to keep you cool. Three firstclass barbers. My bath tubs are alwavs'ready. aug2tf BUCK FREEMAN.TAUGHT EXPERTS A LESSONAccident While Casting Cannon Resulted in Foundation of PresentEnglish Gun Factory.KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."Hourly High Speed ThroughService.Jflnnk LangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.aug!6tfEast Tenn. Pr oe W9$f 5 BSGM??7f:n3ggsr--rriseeSEPTEMBES10. 11, 12ParisLexington FrankfortDivision.Car3 leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort eery hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m..and at 10 p. m.. the last car going onlvas far as VersaillesCars leave Lexington for Versailles.Frankfort and Pari3, every hour from6 a. m. until 7 p. m, and at 9 andll d.m., the last car going only as far asVersailles.Cars leave Versailles 'for Lexingtonand Paris every 15 minutes after thehour from 6:15 a. m. until 8:15 p. m.and at 11 :15 p. m.. last car going onlyas far as Lexneton.Cars leave Versailles for Frankforteverv 45 minutes after the hour from6:45 a. m. until 7:45 p. in., and at 9:45n. m.Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles.J Lexington and Paris every thirty min-, uius uiier toe nour irom o:cU a. mWe owe our present arsenal at"Woolwich to an accident. The government had a gun foundry in Moorfields, where, upon one occasion, inthe year 1716, a distinguished partywere gathered together to witness theoperation of casting a large cannon.A young foreigner, named Schlach,who seems to have been almost anentire stranger, hut who was well acquainted with the details of casting,noticed that one of the molds hadbeen insufficiently dried, and warnedthe molders against using it. Theydisregarded his advice, and when hesaw that he could not prevail uponthem to desist, he immediately puthimself well out of harm's way before the cannon was cast. A terribleexplosion occurred when the molten iP.ni.metal rushed into thn wpt mold, ow-! Cars leave Lexingtoning to the sudden generation of steamthat could find no outlet, and severalpersons were killed and a large number injured.it is sam tnat searcn was maae tor; irom b:lo a. mthe man whose predictions had been 10 :lo p. m.so painfully verified, and that the government employed him to adviseabout the best mode of preventingsuch accidents in future. The resultwas that Moorfields was given up asa site of a gun foundry altogether,and upon his advice the establishmentwas removed to the Warren at "Wool-'wich. London Tit-Bits.until 7:30 p. m.. and 10:30 p . m.. thelast car going only as tar as Lexington. GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTON-NICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars lebve Georgetown for Lexington and Nicholasville every forty-fiveminutes after the hour from 5:45 a. m.until 6:45 p. m., and at 8:05 and 10:05for Nicholasville everv thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 p. m.,and at 9 and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville tor Lexington every fifteen minutes after the hountil 8:15 p.m. andJ37'-:'-Aim wfjj &&a&mfsD'J ? & 51111HJgAzT?fiqpyty.a?fc-y jf fc'tftfon tiSAYS S Si 3 A "SO-SO fn -L'Ep JL-zc JLnJr JL !iJ3V!Sf mmr 1j vfcw . & .&rt8 a-- -i- ii u. .ii S i -i tt.1. a mL'RElvlIUMS OFFERED ' ImRaces Fri:- Attractions Clea;j MidwayLIBERATI'S BANDFarmer Bo;-a School Encajpc:ar INDUCED P.AILP.OAD RATESFor Ir.fcrn:ct:cn, Entry Elarks, Catalogue, AddressJ. l. DENT, SECY,320 PAUL JONES BUILDING LOUISVILLE. KYIBnRXPsrywrt"-.W - . -DOtirbon LaunaryjDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetL?m&at.vfeCars leave Lexington for Georgetown every hour on the hour from 6a. m. until 7 p. m., and at 9 and 11m.No 6 a. m. cars on Sunday .17-tfWww9(US(its&T9!fmSQkyxR3g&&a&rz?r i7j -rrri ti i Tzi'tzz:'. raay" --- .-?. -"-- ' 'We Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and. itdever goes b"eck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeBourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky,VVSI$"This Is Your Show."The late Sir George White, defenderof Ladysmith, was a strong enoughman to take responsibility for failure;he was a strong enough man, too, togive credit to his subordinates forgood work done. The first time I sawhim was at Elandslaagte. The battlewas well in progress. General Frenchwas elaborating one of the most brilliant affairs of the South African war.Late in the afternoon Sir GeorgeWhite and his staff rode on the battlefield, and had not been there fiveminutes before a shell fired from oneof the Maxim-Nordenfelts which theBoers captured from Jamieson at thetime of the raid, but which were des-.V...-.VU. kij "is"1'"" -'-' "O iu uui iianuo,plowed up the ground within a fewyards of his horse. Almost simultaneously French hurried up and drewrein before the chief to surrendercommand. "No you carry on," saidSir George, "this is your show." London Daily News.Archiepiscopal Feast.A correspondent sends us the mate-'rial for a dinner given by the Archbishop of York in 1468: Three hundred quarters of wheat, 330 tuns of ale, '104 tuns of wine, 1 pipe of spicedwine, SO fat oxen, 6 wild bulls, 1,004sheep, 3,000 hogs, 300 calves, 3,000geese, 3,000 capons, 300 pigs, 100 peacocks, 200 cranes, 200 kids, 2,000 chickens, 4,000 pigeons, 4,000 rabbits, 204bittern, 4,000 ducks, 400 herons, 200pheasants, 500 partridges, 4,000 woodcocks, 400 plovers, 100 curlew, 100quails, 100 egrets, 200 roes, 400bucks, 5,506 venison pasties, 5,000dishes of jelly, 6,000 custards, 300pike, 300 bream, 8 seals, 4 porpoisesand 400 tarts. There were 1,000 servitors, G2 cooks and 515 scullions. Ourcorrespondent informs us that his authority does not state in what circumstances the dinner was given, or howmany guests assembled. Possiblysome reader may be able to throwlight on the subject. London Globe.P.. ; - "-.--.-.-----"' --'.".'.'--.-..'.'"v-v rflJI,lJiiVHVHVH .BW B. ite. h. . w . M BW w niAA! w -w i m m m tm mmr m m km -vm -x. M,r wmmr m "k. -m p4 ,1,7 II ! p FLANDERS -aBB!toniobiles M-F X f Zi? i You Want the Best " ,il y ' Not the Cheapest mjff N.' refit 7f.4cart; - v' "54. -ZL-. fctfN C",1 a J5wJJ?5rsisss MSExploded Story.TJnclo Ezra "Howdy, Eben. Justback from California, I see. Must bea great place. They say there is sunshine there the year 'round." UncleEben "That is just one of them fakewestern yarns. Every day I was there,along at the end of the afternoonliight came, just the same as it deephere."Flanders "20" Roadster, $750Don't be alarmed if somebody tells you you can buy an automobilefor less money than the 750 Studebaker-Fknders "20." You can, butyou better not. The Flanders "20" corresponds point by point with thebest and highest priced cars sold. Cheaper cars at every vital point arebuilt on ideas long ao discarded for good cars. Don't take our word forit. Make comparisons and see.The Studebaker-Flandcrs "20" is a marvel a high grade modern carat a low price. If ycu pay less ou buy much less. And the cheaper cartoday vill ccst you far mere in the long run. The competing car isn'tsold which the Studebaker Corporation, the greatest automobJe manufacturers in the world, couldn't reprcdvee for less money; but we won'tbuild a cheap car, because the name '"Studebaker" means the best foryour money.If you are content with a err that runs today and dies tomorrow,don't buy the $750 Flanders "20." It will wear for years. Rememberthis the Studebaker-Flanders "20" will outwear 2 to 1 any other carunder $1100 and give ycu double satisfaction, confidence and "comfortinto the bargain.Wc can prove it-C-ZcTid fcr tzczv cztalogzzeO3-DfedeDaiier CorporationDetroit, r I:ch.Boarbon Garage &Snpply Company.NMMHMIMMUiikdklMait1GEO. W. DAVISnmm director and licensed embaiuBOTH'PHONES DAT137;NIGHT 299.(tl)e Borne of Correct Tootwear'iUAIf Ij If N NilThe Last AndFinal CutOnSummerAndThe season for us is drawingfast to a close and the Large Shipments of Fall Footwear now arriving necessiates a quick clearanceof all Summer Footwear. Ourorders are to clear the shelves ofall Summer Goods. We will notcarry over any oxfords into nextseason.e haet HereTOMORROW,WednesdayWithout fail as these low priceswill cause great joy to those appreciating good Footwear and thevalue of money.All Ladies' White Caniras and Nu -- BuckShoes and Pumps nowfcelow Cost.Get yours while we .iiave the size.DAIN COHEN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky.it."iAllShoesOxf ords.down every shoeIn the house toprices thai mustsell themjuickNot a PairEscaped.u7l'JfJTBASE BALL,FRIDAY.Paris was successful against the Coltsin the game at Lexington Friday whichre'sulted in a score of 4 to 2 in favor ofthe Bourbonites. The locals nut ud aSDlendid fielding game behind Hauserand were able to connect with Turner'sslants at the time when they countedmost. At times the fielding of the locals wasjiothing ', short of sensationalboth Harrell and Mollenkamp figurirgDrominentlv in (his regard. Harrellwas the star ot the day getting on baseevery time ud, tne rfist three times onhits, stole two bases and scored thefirst two runs for.Paris.SATURDAY.Mt. Sterling defeated . Paris Saturday afternoon by a sere of 5 to 2. Apnlegate. who was on the rubber fcrParis was extremely wild and whilehe allowed only six hits they camewhen mostwith a fpwthe game,needed, and this couplederrors gave the OrphansSUNDAY.Paris lost a seesaw game to theColts at Lexington Sunday afternoonand thereby relinquished all claim onanything other than fifth position.The final score was 8 to 6. AftertaKing a good lead the contest wasthrown awav in the seventh innngwhen the Colts were allowed to scoiefour runs. Hauser was on the moundfor Paris and with the proper supportshould have come out the victor, buterrors at critical stages coupled withtimely hitting resulted in his defeat.At Cost..Ladies' and childrens Oxfor s atccst.12jly-tf. FELD'S SHOE STORE.Peddlers Coming.Two headline fun peddlers, sirgeis,dancers and entertainers, the best inth ir lines, are coming to the Grandnext Wednesday, Charlev Gano and"Nicodemus " (Nick Glynn), the premier comedians of Coburn's GreaterMinstrels. Everyone remembers happy, laughincr, jovial Charley Gano, lastseason on his first trip South withManager Coburn. There never was acomedian like him. He was a tremendous hit. H is returning with new?ongs. new jokes, new conn-dy, andopposite him is "Nicodemus" Glynn,quaint, droll, uproariously funny (lastseason with Al. G. Field). Back ofthem is an entirejy new show, newpecple, new music, everything new.And back of them all is Manager"Je" Ccbum, courteous, progressive,and giving the people their money'sworth. You all know him and hiscompanv. It's a clean, first-class, musical, laughable, fun show. Don'tforget the date, Wednesday night.Sept. 4.Fox Hunfers Return.Messrs. Ed. Slattery. Clay Gaitskill,Tom Buckner, Wiliis Goodman, CalHaley, Henry Gait-kill, J. H. Parvin,A. Buckhanan and David Johnson returned Friday from u ten days' foxhunt in LJowell county. Thy partvreports that out of ten iuns nine ofthem were successful.Bourbon Fair Catalogues.This office has on hand a supply ofthe Bourbon Fair catalogues for thesixty-fifth annual exhibition, to beheld here Sept. 8-7, inclusive. Thecatalogues are for distribution, ardcan be had by calling at this office.Carpets and Rugs.Come to the carpet and rug store ifyou want something nice at reasonable prices. Large stock to selectfrom. No shop-worn patterns, all r.ew.x J. T. HINTON.Storm Does Damage.During the heavy electric stormwhich swept over this section Wdenesday night Jightniny struck a tree in theyard of the residence on the farm ofMr. H. U. James on the Redmon pikenear this city. The bolt was conducted to the house by a telephonewire where it came in contact with aliehtning rod tearing it from the roof.No damage wa3 dene to the house.A number of large trees were blowndown in the vard of Mr. Joe Redmonin the same neiehborhond.rMATRIMONIAL.The following announcement cardshave been issued:Mr. and Mr3. Neely Hanson announce the marriage of their sisterMary Ingels 'toMr. Harry Rodes Smithon Wednesday, August the twentyeight nineteen hundred and twelveParis, Kentucky.BIRTHS.Born, in this'city, August 30. tothe wife of Mr. Sim Levy, nee MissRosa Saloshiri, a son ; third born.Born, Friday, August 30 to thewife of Mr. William Sauer a daughterfourth born.Born, on Sunday to the- wife ofMr. J. Sims Wilson a son JamesSims Wilson, Jr. 'NOTICE.City taxes for the year1912 are now in my handsfor collection at my office atthe Deposit Bank.C. K. THOMAS,26-tf City Collector.Violin Class.I have organized s class in violin andhave several open periods for new pupils. Lessons given at Paris PublicSchoolBmlding and at my home onPleasant street.MISS GOLDIE SALOSHIN,23-4t E. T. Phcne 296.Progressives (feet in Lexington.1 The Progressives of the SeventhCongressional District met in Lexington Saturday with eleven of thetwelve counties represented by thecounty chairman of the committees ofthose counti's. Prentice O'Rear, ofFrankfort, was elected as Chairmanof the District Committee and wasalso chosen to represent the districton th Progressive State Central andExecutive Committees. Dr. A. O.Hoskins, of Beattvville, was electedSecretary of the District Committee.One protest marked the proceedingsof the District Gommittpe's meeting.Charging that James D. McClintuckhad been irregularly elected chairmanof the Bourbon County Committee,Wyatt Thomson filed a petit; jnwith the committee againstjthe recognition of Mr. McClintock in behalt ofhimself and other Bourbon county Pro;)gressives. On this matter the committee went into executive sessio and,after a lengthy discussion, it was referred for settlement to a committeecomposed of Dislrict Chairman O'RearCounty Chairman'Arnett, of Woodfordcounty, and County ..Chairman Offutt,of Scott county.Special Prices On Rugs.We offer the following special priceson rugs this week:Special 9x12 Axminister rugs onlyS16.50.Special 9x12 Brussell rugs only$12.75.These are certainly bargains.x A F. WHEELER & CO.Class Initiated..At a meetine of Bourbon CouncilNo. 12, Junior Order United .AmericanMechanics a class of nine candidateswas initiated. The degree team ofCannel City Council No. 53 put on thework in a very impressive manner. Mr.S. M. Turpin was elected Vice Counselor at this meeting.An Invitation,While visiting the fair come to ourstore for yotr tall footwear wants.We save you money.DAN COHEN.DEATHS.YARNELL.Mrs. Lizzie Francis Yarnell, agedfiftyyears, died at her home on theClay and Kiser pike Saturday nightfrom ephsitis. Mrs. Yarnell was thewife of Mr. Jefferson Yarnell, anddaughter ot :Mr. Samuel Diskson, ofMt. Olivet, Robertson county. She issurvived by her husDand an ' father andnine sens and daughters, all of whomlive in Bourbon county. They areMrs. John Hutchison, Mrs. FirleyRyles, Mrs. John Klump, Mrs. Willam Flail, Misces Esther and Elziabeth Yarnell and Messrs. Henry andWilliam Yarnell. The funeral tookplace in the Jacksonville cemeteryyesterdav with services at the graveby Rev. Richard BidJle.Big Poultry Shiw.The Bourbon Fair, Septemberwill have the biggest; poultrypigeon show of any county fair.3-7,andSee Roxie Davis for allkinds of Insurance, xBargains In VaJl Paper.Look at my Bargains in wall paperthis week. Expert decorators readyto fill your orders promptly.x J. T. HINTON.Bible School Commission ReportBelow is the report of the"commitfeeon future work adopted by the CountyBible School Convention of the churchof Christ held at Clintonville August 3:1. We urge the schools of Bourboncountv to make eVery effort to be wellrepresented in the International On-,vention of the Churches of Christ, inLouisville next October, both that ourschools may profitjin the largestjmeasure from the enthusiasm and inspiration of this great gathering of .thelovers of our Lord, and that ,we maydo our part in welcoming our brethrenof the whole world on Kentucky soil.2. We recommend and urge that z.11Sunday Schools attend our CountySunday School Conventions. We whoattend can testify to the belp and inspiration we gather at these meetings.3. We would also recommend thatmore emphasis be placed upon theobservance of the Front Rank Standard in securing Front Rank certificate,especially the items referring to theWorker's Conference and TeacherTraining.4. We recommend that the schoolsundertake the raising of our offeringto the Herbert Morninger MemorialFund to $100 as a fitting testimonialto the work of this leader or the Sunday School forces.R. H. ELLETT, Chairman,MRS. ROBT. GGGGIN,W. E. ELLIS,Members of Committee.Home Grown Melons.Home grown watermolons and canteloupes on ice. Fine Stock.SAUER'Sx Opp. Cou-t House.To Seal Envelopes.Persons using bond paper envelopesin their correspondence, are often an.noyed when these envelopes fail toseal properly. This is not due to apoor quality of gum on the envelope,but to the non-absorbent properties ofthe high-grade paper, and may be overcome by thoroughly moistening theflap on the outside before moisteningthe gum. This vill insure perfectsealing and is worth trying.Putting the Garters On.Mrs. Brown was preserving peachesin the kitchen amid an array of glassjars, covers, rubber bands, etc. Margaret, aged four, watched the processquietly until the fruit was in the jarsand the covers ready, then she exclaimed, ';oh, mother, please let meput the garters on!"STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES.Nicholas county growers are harvesting the heaviest peach crop inyears.Thomas Ballew, of Boone countyMe., recently bought from JamesGlenn and Mode Glenn, of near Millersburg, two mule colts at $100 eech.Almost incessant rains havegreatly interferred with tne cuttingof tobacco in Woodford county, i hecondition of the crop is greatly improved and is considerably in euvanceof various years.Henry Caywood, of North Middk-town, sold two high-class, three-caitedfive year old horses to Walter Clark,of Warm Springs, Va. The price isprivate, but understood to be a goodone. One of the horses is by BourbonChief, the other is a grandson of Chester Dare.Export cattl are bemgjshippedlfromBath county, which are weighingheavily and bringing from 7 to 8 cents,the highest price in that county, andaveraging $150 per head. During thepast two weeks it is estreated that export catle Dut into the banks at Sharpsburg the sum of S202.500. A lot ofmonev willjbe invested in cattle.The following are among the mulesales made at Winchester court: JohnDaniels to W. A. Thomason. 3 mulesat $475, FletcherjMann, of Lexirgton,sold to W. A. Ihomascn, of NorthMiddletown. two mules for $400, onemule.for $210 and one mule for S225.H. S. Caywood, uf North Middletown,bought four mules at prices rangingfrom $1F0 to $175. and several horsesat prices rang ing from $135 to$ 150.A most hopeful sign, indicative ofresults largely attributed to the persistent efforts heretofore made by theUnited States Department of Agriculture in the line of seed' testing, ismanifest from an inspection of thecatalogues of more than fiftv of theprincipal dealers of the country.All the firms refetred to make definite statements that they test theirseeds for germination. Nine firms advise purchasers to send samples eitherto the seed testing laboratory of theU. S. Department of Argiculture orto a State experiment station to betested. Seven firms state that theyoffer and that the seeds are therebyofficially guaranteed to be of the highgrade represented. Six firms allow astated time for making a test, advisepurchasers to make such test on receipt uf seeds, and request the returnof seeds which do not satisfactorilymeft the test. J;MFive firms state that the seeds" theyare celling comply with Slate laws,and a number of firms gave the percntace of puritv and germination incompliance with State laws.Thse statements indicate thaf competition Letween seed dealers 13 becoming more nad Jrnore a comrjetitionbastd on quality -a healthful tendencyfrom the standpoint of both custoumers and Jionest dealers.Preserving Pears.Fine preserving pears "this week.Fhoae us your older.. SAUER'Sx Opposite Court House.Colt Stake Opening Day.The colt stake will be the teatureof the opening dav of the BourbonFair, September G-7, and is expectedto bring out a larp number of entries.Increase In Postal Receipts,The report of the receipts at the local postoffice for the month of Aupcusfshows an increase over the san emonth of last year. For the montnpast the receipts for stamps, covers,envelopes and envelope wrappers ag,srejrated $1,255.05 while that on mailmatter other than first clatrs, includingmoney order fees was 358.25, a totalof $1,313.30. In August 911 the receipts on stamps, etc., aggregated$1,180.68, and on the second item$44.39, a total of $1,225.07. The netincrease for the past month over thesame period last year is $S8.?5.THE FAIR!Great Values FridayPlain Blown Glass Tumblers,set of six for 25c.Ice Tea Tumblers, set of six,for 38c.Jelly Glasses, 25c per dozen,not the common round bottom.Household Family Scales, each98c.Hand Saw Files, 2 for oc.Beautiful patterns extra largesize Astrian China Dinner Plates,assorted border patterns, no twoalike, worth $3 a dozen, ateach 15c.Mason Fruit Jars, pint3 at37 l-2c a dozen.Ironing Boards, 50c size, ateach 25c.Mrs. Pott's Nickel Plated SadIrons, 3 sizes, including handleand stand, a set 98c.Ink Tablets, 2 for 5c; WaterProof Child's School Satchel,each 5c; Double Slates, red feltround, the regular 25c slate,each 10c.THE FAIR.NOTICE!iAll persons holding claims againstJulia Frank, deceased, areherebynotified to present the same, provenas required by the law to the undersigned. All persons indebted to the saidJulia Frank, deceased, are requestedto call and settle same with undersigned. CARRIE FRANK,HELEN FRANK,2-3wks - Executrixs.dWEEK OPSEPTEMBER2Hyatt&LenoreMusisai Gemedy Go,Presenting a Series of High ClaisMusical Comedies.Poiile, Polished,Finished Performances.For Ladies, Children and Gentlemen. Elaborate Wardrobes.Special Scenery.9 PEOPLE 14" MOSTLY GIRLS.Funny Comedians; Gocd Singingand Dancing.ADMISSION:Lower Floor 20cBalcony 10cGallery 10cParis JJrand!Wednesday, M. September - fiJ.A.C0BUMS3-:R.jE3-LT3E3:E1.PRESENTING AN ALL WHITECOMPANY. COMPLETE NEWPROGRAMME. See the BeautifulELECTRIC SCENIC SPECTACLEPAUSE OF THEAND ALL THAT IS NEW IN MINSTRELSY373BC2EJ Gc?EV1J9lI 3IG-noni 1 rnMPniAN wnAstLfcO uANUDROLL COMEDIANAnd theSweetest SingersSPARKLING COMEDYTHE LATEST MUSICSPLENDID DANCINGSTARTLING NOVELTIESj in MinstrelsyDaily STREET PARADE & BAND CONCERTSPRICE 25-3 5-5G-75c.We Pay Cash-FOR-Old Stampsand StampCollections : :We have on hand alarge stock of stampsfor the collector toselect from.The John E Stuart Go.Paris, Ky., U. S. A.East Tenn 203' .For Sale Privately.As attorney for the estateestate of Phillip Clay deceased, the undersignedwill sell privately thelate residence situatedon Second Street in theCity of Paris, Kentucky.Same contains 4 rooms,and lot fronts about 40feet on said street. Forfurther information inquire of..P. A. THOMPSON..Private School Opening.Mrs. Sutherland's Private Schoolwill open Monday, September 9tb.Classification of new pupils on September 3rd and 4th. Number limited.'2 0-6t ,- ,Paris Gran.-ih1.tA. r & 'Jrtrh&L.1i.