THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR-5'VOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MAY 14, 1912fafafafafafapfafafafafafafafafafafatfa1 1 ne Difflon uep i store.Sweeping Reductions of, Women's Suits, Coats,Skirts, Dresses, MillinerySuits, Coats and Skirts of Domestic and ImportedFabrics Whipcords, Serges, Tweeds, Homespun,in all the desirable shades, at prices that make iteconomy to buy.Also a complete line of Children's and Misses'Dresses and Hats at reduced prices.The Simon Befa&rtmeDi Store,i Pans, Kentucky2fj 'Jr -r -ji -sr .r ' '''rrFor People Whowant to Live Welland Save Money,See LENIHAN.16 lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.003 lb can Asparagus 20c2 cans good Corn M5cNavy Beans, per lb . . i 7. '. : 6c3- tie Broom 35c4- tie Broom or Parly Queen 45c10 bars Cardinal Soap 25cThe best Coal Oil, per gallon 10ce BLUE RIBBON FLOUR25-!b Sack 80c50-lfo Sack $ 1 .601 OO-Sb Sack $3.20T. C. LENIHANCash Grocery.Both Phones 234miwfafafalTw1The XTRAGOOD LabelMakes Satisfaction Sure.Sailor, Russian and Junior suits, ' pretty cheviots,worsteds and serges, newest combinations for Springwear, large graceful collars,ysilk ties, trousers lined.Most artistic designs on themarket, 2 1-2 to 10years $5.00Boys' two-piece doublebreasted and Norfolk suits,plain two-piece suits withfull lined ' 'knickers alsoNorfolk and "knicker"trousers; new Spring styles,large variety of styles andchecks. A very nonularstyle ior this season, durable serge, linings. Allthe style and laipfearance of much higher-pricedclothing; sizes 7 to 17 years $7.50PRi6Ea60.6iotHiersJOS-'."ammstHim''Disturbing Element" Removed.The "disturbing element," so tospeak, has been removed from the faci ulty of the Pans city school, regardlessJ of qualifications, and the breach between the people, the School Boardand the alleged head of the institutionwidened to an enormous degree.The "disturbing element" to whichwe refer is the deposed music teacher,who after years of connection with theinstitution in various capacities wastruthlessly removed without any apparent cause, except for the reason ofa long-since-forggotten episode.rekindled and employed as an excuse for nerdismissal by a designing, unscrupuloussuperintendent and members of theBoard of Education.When we state it was the work ofthe Board of Education we do not reflect upon the one or more of that bodywhose honor and respectability wouldnot permit them to be drawn amongthe cohesive members Jwho ptood forthe removal of the member of the faculty to whom we refer. As far backas the history of the public school inParis dates, and with all credit to preceding Boards, it is the first time cnrceord where personal enmity, forwhich the unfortunate victim was rotresponsible, where tactics of thischaracter have been employed.The matter has caused considerableindignation among the people of Paris,princpally patrons cf the school, whosechildren felt the influence nf thisworthy preceptress, and whose removalwithout any piausible reason otherthan that she was a "disturbing elemen" was acomplished alone by thesuperintendent, who has assumed control of all the affairs of the institutionthat belongs to the people, by leadingcertain members of the Board of Education around by the ncse. It hasbeen our good fortune to becomeacquainted with the motive designedfor the removal of this teacher, and itis known to many others. The dirty,'slimy nature of its concoction is asimple problem to solve, even by themost incomprehensive.and we feel thatthe public will cencur with us in the!opinion that the true "disturbing element" destined to corrupt the institution was left untouched by the narrowsighted mempery'etf'lrnrBoardvvho casttheir votes for another teacher jn thisdepartment the last session of thebody.- The public school, we take it, is aplace of learning. It is not to be domineered by an individual or a body whowould use it as a cloak to conceal the"nakedness of their perfidy ; a place oflearning for the rich and the poor forthe children of the tax-payer, and forthose who are less fortunate. In recent years it has been regarded in adifferent light that of belonging toonly a few, who were elected to servethe will of the people, not to be influenced by one or more who might centertheir efforts in this body to settle theirgrievance. More recently instead of aplace of learning and instruction it hasbecome a place of amusement, so tospeak, and we might add that, in theabsence of other means of entertainment, it has been converted into adance hall, at the whims of the headshigher up, to satisfy the desire of thepupils for diversions, instead of effortsalong plans and ideas of a higher andmore benefitting natcie. We believethe public will bear with us in thestatement that the latest action ofthe Board of Education, togethtr withthe manner in which the affairs of theschool have been conducted recently,i ijiare a nine ueyona xne measure or endurance. There is a solution, and weare thankful the time is not far distantfor the people who sometimes believein iairness to exercise their right ofsuffage in selecting a Board of Education which will go to the r-$ 1 seat ofthe trouble, eliminate the real causefor the future benefit of the ?chuul,andnot to be influenced to lend their votein low and underhand scheme.5, v. hich,jif permitted to continue, will bring toruin an institution of which the peopleshould feel proud far-reaching in allbranches of public education justlydeserved by the people of Paris., Refrigerators.Get the new Iceberg refrigeratorsold, bytf A. F. WHEELER & (JO.Have it Vut Aside.Select your wall paper at J. T. Hinton's now and have it put aside.Attractive Styles.Shirts, neckwear and light weighthose that are most attractive inmaterial, style and finish. in.JtMITCHELL & BLAKEMQRE.Green Vegetables.All Unrto nf -f virli x i...w ...... ui iicaij kiccii vegeraDifsand -fine strawberries received fresh!every day. .. " jl'0:2f ' -,' - x T.. CI , LENIHAN. .r"WE KNOW HOW"MO "FATTED CALF" for theProdigal Son, but we do offercomfort and satisfaction to theprodigal clothes-buyer.itThose who have spent riotously m the 'past for both ,Custom-Made andReady-to-Wear Clothesand have not found satisfaction will be surprised at the satisfaction they will find in ourready-for-service garments. Not only theprice, but the perfect fit and wearing qualitieswjll surprise you. -! Mitchell & Blakcmore,7 Outfitters to MenI-Paris, Kentuckyg EEKim n l i 1 1 m 1 1 1; aiMi urui 1 1 1 i i 1 1 ; i 1 1 1 1 1 n i im i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i t i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i iujmiiiiiiiii iiiiiiuiiiuiu 1 1 1FRANK Sc CO..The Store Where Reliability Reigns.1i3V IP2i, Special Showing OfWhite DressesFor Misses and Children. Suitable for CommencementWear.Dresses-( . .For Rece tionsand DancesitPumps and Slippers.A Complete line of White Nubuck and Canvasr Button High Shoes and Pumps for Ladies,Misses and Children.Also a New LineCun Metal Pumps and Button Oxfords, Satin Pumps inWhite, Black and Colors.Ready to W ear Hats. -jPoi Iaclies, Misses and Children at Popular, Prices.30Frank & Co.Paris, - - - Kentuckyim1$MmMmmmMmmmmmimTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 14, 1912LIThere i buluttjgirc fur each ofWEAK,5ED MENLstabiisHed JS92)itjsiiltri f th orc of treatment Irrin!t; f v "Oil ?.u-:' "beginning myt;i : -i '. i t"iolw tut rcr returns.rj:c:3r;T CURES7r.it Cty CuredIif not,'iij tcr joa.J.ablJ.ty arct will notThe bestthe manymy treaf;i cl:TI ilOUT A CENT AND.ce to prove I can cure2Dr. C. X.. Doll atcur'.!, t-ftlicS.'l i.ut:VA AvlLIi J v Li.:, iO.tiUtit.t-'-. t.I..-Lirj.l i.. -iTUIC .AJ.ii li.Ji UISKAj OF WHICH I il.WE CUREDSO aiANV MiSN"-?'.' i' 3A1LKI TO KKCE1VE A.nnfl J bhis, Hi In rcel Glands, Nervousnta: , ?v. .oilier-, X.iic Acit!. a"rnrTJ- l'iir-:iul COSTS TOTT- wi ii.ii'-, trlrui u:nl satisfies! to pay me..Blood Poisr. Skin Diseases :r-.ilJRash, Soro 31uu?ti r Thro-.t. f-Glands, Mucous Pjitclw-F. Cof.r-t"Spots, Rheumailc Pains, .-..-a, ZiSaxziing, KervouMieso. iNervousness, Weaki. .--3,failing Health, 'VXeraory, Loss of hr.i' srr- 1 i:JLsa'bition.'Wornoutl'ct: iuxTT il cituabrfie, Backache, Kxcsftr , JVeano!y,JS&sily Excited, Iltloi at V'hmrofthe 6yinptoius that tl.gfr-v m mh"- J.Urinary, Kidney ciig. JJiaaceDiseases PObstrurt.ov.fKAi':iu5rYcriccse Enlargement1; n knt: t niiuhy, twisted, worm-likeondiiioii i Teius, lucre oi'ten on left side,i!i:4ii.g lovrcr..S3rrni"iiis Pain in Groin or"arK. Im'T ou.-nsr, AVoakneBS, Lose ofV.j..Ity, JLufl: of Jmbiiiou.I care Vtrico-'O Kiilaixrement by onet'e:.tmcut in ( iu Tisit, without a severesurgical opoT.li- n or suffering, or keepingyt u away tioi Lx-iiues.A r.-f0 -p 00Tt-iPT, Burning,FREE CONSUIiTAl'ION AVO i'-ifV TI-. ZXri f-r riri Tioo, rnestioa3Sl2nk and get my CLuu- Tsr.ri.j, of Curo snrt ''.-! Information FREE.Address or c:il.! o.iJ)R.C. L. DOLLEy Mcz-Sccias;?.!. 525 WALNUTi. .(!."Between ril: ruI .-.'.-T.r.(Near Fountain S.t. li.ciui.:t;,O..SIGN THIS COUPON ?'K A VAUATROOKno 1.: n. :"iC-t J--:rl.-e pit cr-'a.-iH'-.t, if I I', H n., .'25 Walnut Preef, Clneln.mc Uk: one of jour booksn:" l-o u iifnn Blank, as I desire! ut tiie purpose of taking'id; V'li oau euro me and jourTri-State. V?I bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice.A P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.(Us(hBour bon Laundry,.Paris, Kentucky. KahMSIVfTHE BOURBON NEWSPAS.IS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year 2.00 Six Months. .1.00Payable in AdvanceEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matt er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts. .The right o? publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.Hedd Saw you out with your wife'siters Statesman.What Doubt If.Doubt is not itself a crime. Allanner of doubt, inquiry about allmanner of objects dwells in every reasonable mind. It is the mystic working of the mind on the object it isgetting to know about. Carlyle.Plans to Get Rid of Flies.Tr.v the following plan and absolutely rid your house of flies: Pay twentyfive cents for a fly trap, or, betterstill, get a haif-dozen, bait them andplace in your yard. Break a little piecefom the edge cf a bottle or a Masonjar, fill svith two per cent, formalin(two tea sdooiis to a Dint of water,)and invert in a saucer, the top of thesaucer corning just above the hole inthe jar. Put a small slice of Dreadcovered with sugar near the edge ofthe saucer. Both bottle ana saucermay be put in a bracket, so it can behung in any sunny corner near stableorjporch. During hot, dry weather,witn no other water near, this devicewill cover porch, yard or stable withflies that will never lay eggs any more.Other poisons may be used, all placedout of reach cf dogs, etc. Some suchpoisoning method, placed out of doors,proves one of the cheapest anJ easiestsolutions of the fly problem. Thebottle keeps the strength of the solution, anri doles the poisonj downg asneeded, so that once set it requires noattention for weeks.Don't wait for flies to come insidebefore catching or poisoning them.Get your neighbors to cooperate, andyour block, at least, will not betroubled with flies. Comparatively feware alive now. The trouble has beenpeople think of the enormous number4in July, and are discouraged, denying'the possibility of comDlete extermination. It can fbe done, it has beendone, and it will be done, in Paris, ifyou will help.Have you ever wondered how your''hild caught an infectious disease"when he hadn't been out of the yard,cr near a case?"Remember the fly !Philosopher.Our idea of a philosopherwho is content to sit aroundand seine his whiskers withgers. Galveston News.isallhisonedayfinic ik:IImproving die Roads."We favor Federal aid to State andlocal authorities in the constructionand maintainence"of post-roads. "2This was a Democratic pre-electionpromise. It was a plank in the platform adopted by the national Democratic' party at the Denver conventionin 1910. It has been assured that theDemocrats in the House of Representatives would give to the peopleafter election what they promised onthe stump beforelelection ; that Speaker Champ Clark would insist UDon having every pre-election promise carriedto the letter. It has been repeatedlyurged .that Democrtaic Congressmenhelp the good road movement as one ofthe most effective methods of givingthe farmers of the United States someof the benefftsZof the vast Tgovernmentexpenditures to which they are justlyentitled. Thfs assurance has justbeenmade goodr not in words, but in deeds.The Democratic House of Representatives, we are pleased to announce tousers of the public roads, has passedthe Shpckleford amendment to 'thePostoffice appropriation bill providingfor 'an expenditure of from ten toeighteen millions of dollars annuallyfor the construction and imDrovementof the nation's roads. The principleon which it is proposed to spend thismoney is based on compensation to bepaid by the Federal government forthe use of roads traversed by 'carriersin the rural free delivery service, andis divided into three classes.as follows-::Class A The highest form of improved road in the country for whichit is proposed to pay $25 per mile peryear.Class B A thoroughfare ot highquality, but not equal to Class fA, forwhich it is proposed to Day $20 permile per yearClass C- -The ordinary dirt road ofthe country, somewhat improved, forwhich it is proposed to pay $15" permile per year.Sentiment in favor of road improvement with money now being wastedfor fake commissions like the CanadianBoundary Commission which existssolely to provide bertha for lame duckpoliticians is growing rapidly throughout the country. For many years thepeople who live in the farming cam-munities,Jaijd in'the'smaller towns andcities, have felt-that too much of thepublic moneyjwasbeing spent in thelarge cities. In the last"ten years fully90 per cent, of the public revenue Bhasbeen spent in the cities notwithstanding the fact that the people of thecountry have furnished more than halfot the money collected by the government. Neither the j-state nor thenationalgovernmentjwill be the loserby generous expenditure for public roadconstruction,, for the'money will ultimately come back through the increasein the taxable value of farm lands.Nor is that the onlv waV rt will comeD2ck. wnacever manes ior the agricultural development of the country also aids other industries in the land.All classes !rely uoon"good crops forbdel No. 40eUQiirpItejy?rice $900 1EQuippedWiSa stand , moire hard use and abuse thanany light roadster" ever ' built. Tfie ' idealcar for the bissyiman. : The best finished,best bus!t9 simpSest and strongest car ofits class. ".: f Llfectly Noisless, 26 Horse-Power, 30x3 1-2 WheelSliding Gear, Selective Type Transmission,Three SpeedsFcwardsancdl Reverse. I& PRIGHARDYERKESBoth 'Phones 66mprosperi ty .Prohibit Public Drinking Cups.The following leaflets have been issued :"The use of common drinking cupson railroad trains, and in railroadstations, pub'ic hotels, boarding houses,restaurants, or ateambuats, in stores,or other publicly frequented places inKentucky, is hereby prohibited. Noperson or corporation in charge of theaforesaid places, andlno'person 'or corporation shall permit on said railroadtrains, in railroad stations, or any publicly frequented place in Kentucky, theuse of the drinking cud in common."There must also be posted in a conspicuous place, by the individual orcorporation, by the drinkinc water con-taihed in any of the places mentionedin the foregoing paragraph, a warningcardboard with the above printedthereon in large letters, so they canbe easily read. Any person or corporationlviolating the provisions of thisact shall, upon conviction, be fined inany sum not less than one dollar, andnot more than ten dollars, and eachday's violation of any of the provisionsof this act shall' be considered a separate offense, punishable by Jinejn theamount named above."All laws inconsistent with this actare hereby repealed."(Pacsed by Kentucky Legislature,Session 1912; Governor's signature,March 12, 1912.) ,Carlisle Depot About Completed.The i new rpassenger depot of theLouisvilie & Nashville road at Carlisleis nearing ccmpletion, and will probably be ready to open to the public int vo weeks. The buildirg is one of thebest in this section of the State, being built of concrete and brick, androofed with tile. The large freightdapot erected of the sa-ne material isnearing completion, the two buildingsare being erected at a cost of about$20,000. The railroad is also planningother improvements, and it is said willput in a large amount of additionalsidings there.Porto Rico's New Wonder.From far away Porto Rico come reports of a wonderful discovery that isbelieved will vastly benefit the people.Raymon T. Marchan, of Barceloneta,writes "Dr. King's New Discovery isdoing splendid work here. It curedme about five times of terrible coughsand colds, also my brother of a severecold in his chest and more than 20others, who used it on my advice. Wehope this great ,meaicine will yet besold in every drug store in PortoRico." For throat and lung troubles,i,t has no equal. A trial will convincejyou of its merit. 50c and SI. 00. Trial'bottle free. . Guaranteed by Ober-NO ONE STRONGER THAN HIS STOMACH..The- celebrated Dr. Aberaethy oJ London was firmly of the opinion that disor.It is the vital center cl the bod Y r C C 7 A stonnch Xsaid to live y.i?irou2?0 toe stomacu. -V , ,fnc,.,ri indhcsic-the vital center of the body. For wee-: siomacn-, r.n. f;c .ndicscor dyspepsia, p.r.d the multitude ct vancus dsaecsso T'J a,medicine can bs bctior ciriicd a3 c curative u-JcntzTo &2q?cg7s CdMoii ilc2cs2 D2s?OTre?ydSSSSfo " Several monthc a - suiTeicd from a scyerp jmlzi rlghfer hV2mKtS strong fast. Today I am strong and well and can do a big"WSH SiuP lav's work with ease. Can eat everything and have put onJ MY' WvT flesh wonderfully. I wiU say to all suflercrs write -toDr.iaerce, ixe nas my iuiuiuk la.iuixCorona Calif. "Had s'Tered ironi it, oir and on, ior sev-l.ut they did r.o good, dually, I was told i, was ir.7ii ver. I did rat dare? to ozt as it made mi v?rsQ a5r:rover I swallowed anvthing it seeraea that 1 v.uid lami nh'rt o I ''raw very thin and weak from net toting, wwtold to tvkeDr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery. I logfive bottles of it, and could iei mysen geuing uubtui nu-iMrs. Muiucen.GEO. W. DAVISWMMl DIRECIOfi AND LICENSED EHSALMEB.BOTH'PHOJfES DAY137;NIGHX 299.Why not you join the great army ofcustomers and burnifisthe time to try a load.Dodson & DentonPARIS. KY.HI TELEPHONE anl TELEGRAPH iINCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both- local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis iVlili&rbiirg, Narth Middletown, LittleJ Rock aaRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service- youHVE telephone service-. YrCumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated.NOTICETOFarmers!Wk BABBERSHOPModern Equipment.4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.S am Paying from 50c o 75ceach for Sheep Hides.TaHbw 5 and 5 1 -4c per b.8th Street, PARI?, KY.CairEast Tenn. Phone 374Jlnnk EangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.aiigl6tfEast Tenn. Phoe 669Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDJoe. G. MitchellAgainst Fire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies.Phone 162Agent.LOWEY & TALBOTTParis, KentuckyALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.will not be yours unless youTouttwo Have ar.9 a . n n j .iw. ij 1 y i mil iMajestic Rangein Your Kitchen !7 Come in and see them. TheyiHHiiupiauiu.jtiM)niMii::uiiii:i!Uiii!Ui(iiiiiiiKi;',itHUHtii);iii!irj;ii;i;i;.?giJorfer.are the best made.'.' 'wwwr- IV"V M-THE BOURBON NEyS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 14, 1912.is, above all other things, theremedy for sickly, wasted children. It nourishes and buildsthem up when ordinary foodabsolutely fails. Be sure toget SCOTT'S. AIlDruuU.Scott & 'Bowne. Bloomfield. N. J. 12-13A Pnbllcs ServtefCorporation Stock, nnrutaxable in Ohio rfionrrl nf PAvears dividend navtmnfc D?tl.dends guaranteed, giving stability ofmcome. At present price itNETS OVER 5V2SEND FOR INFORMATIONW. E. HUTTON & CO.FIRST NATIORAL BANK BLDG.For Sale!Fine (double ranee, suitable forrestaurant or hotel ; also oi-h washerin good condition. Will sell cheap forcash. Apply toKID STOUT.10-2t Both phonesPARISRestaurant!Has undergone many improvementsaffording a greater amount of room.Everything furnished in an up-to-datefashion. Best place in town for ladies ;and gentlemen. Bverybod' says so !now. French chef employed now, assuring a service unequalled at any otherplace in the city. Prices the lowest,quality considered.QUICK AND NEAT SERVICEParis RestaurantMain Street,Opposite Agricultural Bank.E. T. 'Phone 734Hot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean- Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long wait?. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.Professional CardsJ J. WLLIilAMS,ATTORNE Y-AT-L A W .iloom 1 Elks Building:.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTU,CKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones S L1?E. T. 334.ResidenceHome 334.LR. A. B KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyHORSE CIPPINGPrepare your horses forspring by having them clipped now. We are preparedto do clipping in a sales factory manner and at salesfactory prices. Call on us.TRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Eighth Street Both Phones.milTDVVlVi lVtUUlir 75Roofs Put oh -26Years Agoare as good as new, and havenever needed repairs neverneed attention of any, land, except an occasional coat of paintStorm-proof Fire-proof Ufhtning?proofDon t buy that roof for the new building, or re-roof the old,5 unnl vou have examined th Cfor Sale by Miller &A Great Building Falls.when its foundation is undermined,and if the foundation of health gooddigestion is attcaked, quick collapsefollows. On the first sign of indigestion, Dr. Kings' New Life Pills shouldbe taken to tone the stomach and regulate liver, kidneys and bowels. Pleasant, easy, safe and only 25 cents atOberdorfer's.Her Responsibilities.It is a woman's privilege to changeher mind, is a time-old saying. Allprivileges carry great responsibilities.If she has power to change her mind,she has absolute control over ' herthoughts. And if they be impure, ormean, or shallow, or false, or ungenerous, she alone is to blame.There never was a time when peopleappreciated the real merits ofChamberlain's Cough Remedy morethan now. This is 'kshown by the increase in sales and voluntary testimonials from persons who have beencured by it. If you or your childrenare troubled with a cough or cold giveit a trial and become acquainted withits good qualities. JFor sale by alldealers.-"The Kinds of Lies.A Chicago university professor, after exhaustive research, has discoveredthere are ten different kinds of lies.Under his classification there are thefantasy or fairy tale lie, the vainglorious or toasting lie, the defensivelie, the heroic lie, the white or permissible lie, the society lie, the business lie, the. art lie, and the aduiterartlv lie.Lame back is usually caused byrheumatism of the muscles of the back,f or-which you will find nothing betterthean Chamberlain's Liniment. Forsale by all dealers.Renounces Privilege of Protest.A man must consider what a richrealm he abdicates when he becomes aconformist. Ralph Yfaldo Emerson,It would surprise you to know of thegreat good that is being done byChamberlain's Tablets. Darius Downey, of Newberg Junction, N. B..writes, "My wife has been usingChamberlain's Tablets and rinds themvery effectual and doing her lots ofKcod." If youj have any trouble withyour stomach or bowels give them atrial. For sale by all dealers.Time to Make a Change.Brains have been at a discount andbrawn at a premium quite longenough.Onto' a Fire Herobut the crowd cheered, as, with burnedhands, he held up a sraaU round box."Fellows!" he shouted, "this Bucklin's Arnica Salve I hold, has everything beat forburns." Right! aslofor boils. ulcers, sores, pimples,eczema, cuts, sprains, bruises. Surestpile cure. It subdues incarnation,kills pain. Only 25 cents at Oberdorfer's. Smaller Joys Most Lasting.Little joys refresh us constantly,like housebread, and never bring disgust; and great ones, like sugar-bread,briefly often bring great satiety.Richter.The Voman Who Acts Naturally.Women who are not anxious aboutthe effect they produce, women whoact naturally, have a wonderful advantage over the self-conscious thosewho are either vain or their beauty ordissatisfied on account of their lackof it. All this takes away from theirnatural charm, their understanding,their sympathy. Many people expendso much sympathy on themselvesthat they have none to spare for anyone else.Now is the time to get rid of yourrheumatism. You can do it by applying Chamberlain's Liniment andmassaging the parts freely at eachapplicatin. For sa;e by all dealers.How's This.We offer one hundred dollars rewardfor any case of Catarrh that cannot becured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.F. J. Cheeney & Co., Toledo O.We tne undersigned, have known F.J. Cheeney for the last fifteen years,and believe him perfectly honorable inall business transactions, and financially able to carry out any obligationsmade bv his firm.iWALDING, KINNAN & MARVIN,Wholesale Druggists, Toledo, 0.Hall's Catarrh cure is taken internally, acting directly unon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Price, 75c.ner bottle. Sold by all druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for constiDation. METALSHINGLESI II ilWmBnrvhnwht Metal Shinrtefl.Best, Mlflersburg, Ky.Legume Crops and the NitrogenSupply.There can be no'doubt that the greatest deficiency of Kentucky soils is nitrogen. Says George Roberts, of theKentuck Experiment station. A defiiency of one element of plant foodlimits 'crop production, although allthe other elements may be present inabundance. Hence the greatest Jsinglefactor in restoring our soils to fertilityis increasing the nitrogen .supply Noone, not even the fertilizer maufacturer, now contends that nitrogen Jean beprofitably bought in commercial fertilizers in quantities required by crops.There is only one source from whichnitrogen may be economically obtainedin sufficient quantities, and that isfrom the air by the growing of the leguminous crops (clovers, cow peas,etc.). ; Enough legumes must begrovynmthe rotation to supply nitrogen ' inthe soilfor the crops that cannot obtain it from the air, (such as corn,wheat, etc.) and to replace thatwhich is being lost in the drainagewaters. The nitrogen supply cannotbe Kept by merely growing legumes inthe rotation and harvesting them andnot returning the manure in good condition. ..Two thirds of the nitrogen ofthe manure is excreted in the urine.This is generally lost. As manure isgenerally handled by throwing it outin piles, two thirds of tthe nitrogen ofthe solid manure is easilly lost byheating and leaching it from four tosix months. Ordinarily net more thanone third to one sixth of the nitrogenin the feed consumed is returned tothe soil in the manure.In order to keeD up the nitrogen supply there must be an afiundance of legumes in the rotation, and all manureproduced must be carefully saved andreturned to the soil. The most practical way to handle the manure is touse sufficient bedding to absorb theurine, and then spreadthe manure asfast as made. It is generally spreadon the sod to be turned "for corn, butit may be spread on meadows a -yearbefore breaking for corn. When it isimpossible to remove the manure it issafe to allow it to accumulate in thestalls. In case it must be piled outside the stalls, it should be closelycompact to exclude the air, and protected fromlrains, either by cappingwith straw or by shelterIt may be necessary now and thento turn under a legume crop in orderto keep up the nitrogen supply. Thefollowing rotation is used on the Experiment Station Farm : First year,corniwith cowjpeas sown at last cultivation. When the corn is removedthe peas are disked in and the groundsown to rje for a cover crop. Second year, the cover crop is turned under, followed by cow peas or soybeans. When these are removed theground isia disked andsown to wheatfor the third ypar crop. If the cloverfails, as it often doeB, the ground isbroken as soon as the wheat is removed, and thoroughly prepared forclover, which is seeded aboutAugust 20th, along with a littletimothy. It kives a good crop of ha.vthe next year 'and avoids breaking upthe regular rotation. We believe thatit pays to seed- the clover after thewheat is removed, although it takes alittle extra labor, as the stand is muchsurer- than when seeding with thewheat in the spring. The manure produced is put on the clover sod.On many soils legume crops cannotbe successfully grown until lime orlimestone has been supplied to correctsourness. Also many Kentucky soilsare too 'deficient .in phosphoric aid toproduce large crops of legumes. Thisstatement applies to nearly all oursoils outside the Blue Grass region.Cure for Pneumonia.Take six large onions, chop themfine and put In a pan over tne lire;then add the same quantity of ryemeal and vinegar, enough to make athick paste. Stir thoroughly and letsimmer for about ten minutes. Thenput in a large cotton bag and apply tothe chest as hot as can be'borne. Inten minutes apply another. By reheating the poultices, continue for afew hours. The patient will be muchImproved. Three or four applicationsare sufficient.Eating Fish In Lent Aided Navy.The connection between fish eating during Lent and a strong navymay appear remote, but to Elizabethan statesmen it seemed vital. Somuch so that a law was passed commanding everyone to eat fish on everyday of Lent. The reasons set forthfor this enactment made no mentionof religious observance. It stated thequeen needed ships for defense and thefishing industry furnished men at alltimes in readiness for her majesty'sservice.KEEP THE KIDNEYS WELLHealth is Worth Saving, andSome Paris People Know 'How to Save It.Many Paris people take their livesin their hands by neglecting the kidneys when tney know these organsneed Help. Weal- kidney are responsible for a vast amount of suffering andill health, but there is no need to suffer nor to remain in danger. Use Doan'sKidney Pills a remedy that has helped thousands of kidney sufferers.The following statement leaves noground for doubt : SSSBIJohn W. Myers, blacksmith. E. MainSt., Carlisle, Ky., says: "We arehardly ever; without Doan's KidneyPills in the family, as they are a finekidney medicine. My kidnevs wereweak and acted irregularly. The kidney secretfons also contained a sediment and my back ?achedvWhen Iheard about Doan's Kidney Pills I usedthem, and since then I have had nofurther trouble."For sale by all dealers Pri Kncents. Foster-Milburn Go, -Buffalo,New York, sole agents fof the UnitedStates.Remember the name -Doan's aridtake no other. K'Now Isi YOUR SUMMERWhile The Prices Are Very Low, And ThTime You Need Them Most.Are You Going toRefrigerator ThisPrimarily there is only one thing for a Refrigeratorto do and that is to keep food at such a temperature that itwill not spoil in warm weather. The Refrigerator that willdo this with the least possible consumption of ice is thebest Refrigerator.A Refrigerator must have good packing. It must be built on scientific principles or itwill not fill its mission. We carry a complete line of Refrigerators and Ice Chests from the.cheapest that is good to the best the market affords. Don't fail to inspect our line beforebuying.Porcb Swings $2.40Our stock of Floor Coverings is now ready for yourinspection at low prices.Mattings, Rugs, Carpets and Linoleum.A. F. Wheeler Furniture Go.MAIN STREET, OPP. COURT HOUSE.Study Manure SpreadersBefore You Buy OneTHE proper place to studya manure spreader is atthe local dealer's placeof business, where you can seethe machine, study it part bypart, see how each partis madeand how it does its work. Studyspreaders at first hand. Go tothe local dealer and have himshow you anI H C Manure SpreaderKemp 20th Centuryoverleaf orCorn KingLearn the advantages of anapron spreader. Learn 'whatconstitutes a steady, reliablefeed and the importance of it.Learn the reasons why differentmaterials are used for differentparts, and why each part doesits work thoroughly. Learnthe value of the service thedealer can give you.When you; know1 manurespreaders'we think you will buyan I H C spreader from yourlocal dealer. He is the man tosee.International Harvester Company of America(Incorporated) .Cnicaco USA.I H C Sfrvic BureauThe purpose of this B.ueauis to furnish,free of charge to all. the best informationobtainable on better farming. If you haveany worthy questions concerningsoils. crops,land drainage, irrigation, fertilizers, etc..make your inquiries specific and send themto I H C Service Bureau, Harvester Building, Chicago, USAdingers.X worthless dog and a bad reputatlon are hard things to lose.; -The TimeBuy aSpring?IOE BOXESThe most comple line of Ice Boxesto pick from, made of the bestpacking that can be had.$4.50 tip to $201 TWINDepartment StoreSpecial PricesOn Extra Wide Swiss Flouncing at 25c and50c per yard.Children's x Wash Dresses, 50c, 75c, $1Ladies' one-piece(All& Ladies'fand Misses' Fine Tailored Suits, $9.95. 2t3p1 Special Values on Millinery, Skirts and Waists, mmSpecial Values on Millinery, Skirts and Waists.m m--TWIN BROS.Paris, Kentuckyjf SPECIAL EXCURSIONI CINCINNATI AND RETURNi Sysidaf, April 19 ISPECIALTRAINLvs. GEORGETOWN 7:45 a.m.ASK TICKET AGENTSPoor appetite is a sure sign ;of:. irriDaried digestion. A few doses' .pfsChamberlain's Stomach and Liver Tablets will strengthen your digestion atjtd;improve youv appetite. Thousandshave been benefited by- taking theseTablets.- Sold by all dealers.rTo BuyGOODS!to $7.50rBROS, iCor. 7th and Main WmW91Serge Dresses, $4.98..Colors)White Nuback Shoes, $3. MfemFOR PARTICULARS.. The Logic of It. ,' "De man dat looks out: exclusive. fp$'number one " said' VUncle jBto.-"mustn't '-bViurpriaed -if he SndsthissJ-self-'cuttin! a. "purty'small figger",1THE BOURBON NEWS,PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY, 14 1912.BASE BALL.FRIDAY.H'ysVeParis ..Fr'nkf't6 4 6676 3 6674 3 500Lexi'g'n 4 5 444Richm'd 3 5 375Win'ster 2 6 250Paris closed the series with the Winchester Hustlers Friday, winning by ascore of 5 to 1 a game marked by ragged fielding on the part of the Hustlersand the continuous squabbling ot theolavers of both sides with umpire Mulligan. Kunkle waa put out of thecame for wrsngline with the officialand Walsh was assessed a line of S5whfln Hp tonk nn t.hf nrtnimpnf-..Blankenship for Paris, pitchedsuperban .ana:aicer tne nrst innine tne nustlers never had a chance to score. The,score :Paris 0 0010121 0-5Winchester 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 01Batteries Paris, Blankenship andDelehant; Winchester, Moore and Kunkle. Hits Paris 7, Winchester 5. Errors Paris 2,lWincbester 5. Two basehits Popkin,Campbell 2, Redd. Baseon balls off Blankenship 7, oft Moore2. Struck out by Blankenship 3; byMoore 4. Hit by pitcher Benton.Stolen bases Locke 2, Campbell. Delehant 2, Walsh. Sacrifice hits Benton, Locke, Blankenship, Kimble 2.Passed balls Delehant. Double playsLocke to Popkin. Winning pitcherBlankenship. Losing pitcherMoore, lime of game One hour andiorty-five minutes. Umpire Mulligan.Attendance 300.Frankfort 5, Lexington 1.Richmond 14, Maysville 9.SATURDAY.None of the games scheduled in theBlue Grass League were played, allbeing called off on account of thegeneral rainfall throughout the centralpart of the State. Frankfort washooked to play at Lexington, Richmondat Paris, and Maysville at Winchester.SUNDAY.Paris .. 7 3 70oM'y'sv'e 6 4 600Fr'nkf't 5 4 556Lexi'g'n 5 5 500Richm' d 3 6 333Win'ster 2 7 222The masterly pitching of Hauserwon for Paris in the opening game ofseries at Maysville Sunday afternoon,the Bourbonites winning by a scoreof 5 to 0. The day was raw and coldbut the contest was snappy and interesting. Hauser held the Rivermen tofour scattered hits in the nine rounds.Vance was touched up for six safeties.The scoreParis 1 0 0 0 2 1 1 0 05Maysville 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 00Batteries; Paris. Hauser and Delehant. Maysville Vance and Snyder. Hits Paris 6; Maysville 4.Errors Harwell, Welsh.Two-base Hits Kuhl man, Conners,Harrell. Three-base HitsGoodman.Sacrifice Flys Goodman. StolenBases Clover. Base on Balls OffHauser, 2; off Vance, 5. Struck OutBy Hauser, 3: by Vance, 5. Lefu onBases Paris 5 ; Maysville 5, DoublePlays Campbell to Kuhlman. WildPitches Vance. First base on Er-.rors Paris 1; Maysville 1. Time1:50. Umpire Mulligan. Attendance 800.Lexington. 10, Winchester 4. Richmond 0, Frankfort 2.Swings. -, Beautiful new line of lawn and porchswings. The nicest lot we have evershown- -J. T. H1NTON.To Make the Boy Orderly.If you vant your boy to he orderlyprovide him with a place of his own"wherein he may keep his baseball implements, sporting paraphernalia, toolsand the thousand and one other articles dear to his boyish heart. Thepossession of a locker to which healone carries the key is sure to stirtho pride of every ambitious boy, especially if he is allowed to baild it.Housekeeper.Unhurt by Long Fall.A fall from a second-stbry windowof her house in Philadelphia did littlemore than jar an aged lady the otherday. When members of the familyreached her side they found that shehad sustained only a few bruises. Adoctor said no bones were broken, andthat she would be about again in aday or so. She was leaning from thebathroom window when she lost herbalance and fell to the yard.THE FAIR!SPECIAL VALUESFor Friday OnlyHeavy 14-oz. Mops, each 15c.Leatherette Chair Seats, including tacs, all sizes, each 8c.Extra large package MothBalls. 10c size, at 6c.Gum .Camphor, 2 pieces for 5Granite Foot Tubs, 50c size,at 39c." Wire Picture (Jor,3 per box 2c:' Kid flair GurlwSf 5cjpaclcage.Lemon Squeezers 5c&Wishing roles, compTelewithline, cork, etc., 5c.Cream Churns 8c.1-lb, Butter Molds 10c.WALL PAPER.All our 7 l-2c Papers reducedto 5c, with 9 and 18-inch bordersto match. Not until you see thispaper, can you realize values likethis.Caflfchan Succumbs to Wounds.Ed Callahan, wellS known Breathitcounty merchant, ex-sheriff and. feudist, who was shot from ambush Saturday, May 3,fdied Saturday night t11 o clock at Witherspoon College lipital at Buckhorn.Z Pneumoniajwhich set un'.in the rightlung shortly after thefcshootwg, causedhis death. It is believed he wouldhave lived had not fevr set in. Cala-han was buried at the home graveyard at Crocketsville yesterday afternoon. Just before he died he wasasked to make a statement and hesaid :"I know I will die and that soon. Ihave forgiven all my enemies and Iwant them to know it. I want all mypeople to live in peace, pull togetherand do the best they can. I have beentrying to live as I should for the lastfive years, and I have interfered withthe business of no other man, and I donot think I should have been murderedwhile attending to my own businessand at work. I believe that I will goto a better world, and I want my people to Jive right and meet me there."I want my little boy educated. Iwant to be buried by my dear oldmother. She was . my true friend andI expect to meet her above,"No arrests thave been made, and noclue to the identtiy of the guilty hasbeen made known.Boots, Oxfords and Pumps.Plenty of white Newbuck boots forladies, also oxfords and pumps, nowon sale at Felds' Shoe Store. tfN otice,ELiverymenanda 11 owners of horses,cows, etc.. withinjthe citv limits: Remove manure heaps from your premises not less than once in each sevendays. Heed this notice, please. Thelawlwilljbe strictly enforced.A. H. KELLaR. Health Officer.By order of the Board.J 14-2tPrice Corner Sold.The Directors of the First National Bank of Paris have purchased thepropeity located on the Southwest cornerof Main and Fourth streets, fromthe heirs of theMate L. Price, and it issaid the purchsaers plan to erect uponthe site a commodious banking andoffice building.The property purchased belongedto Mr. Ike L.Price, of Paris, and hissister, Mrs. Carrie Herzog. of Cincinnati, and is occupied by the firm ofMann& James and the East Tennessee Telephone Co.. the bank securingthe property facing along Main streetto the center of the hallway.H The price paid was $12,000 or nearly$600 per front foot. Taking the improvements into consideration this isprobably the highest pi iced piece otreal estate ever sold in Paris. Theleasea of the persent occupants of theproperty are for a term of years, theEast Tennessee Co. running Jfor fiveyears longer and that of Mann &James for two years. ,will likely be arranged for by the new purchasers inorder to get earlier possession of thepioperty to begin the construction ofthe new;building. c. Refrigerators.Our stock ot refrigerators is thelargest we have ever had. All kindsat all prices. Don't forget we 'areagents "for the" celebrated North Starthe best refrigerator in the world. SlJ. T. H IN TUN.Handsome Prizes tc be GivenAway at Lot Sale.See the handsome tailor-made ready-o-wearlady's suit on display inFrank & Co's. show window and theup-to-date Stetson hat in the show window of J. W. Davis & Co. Both thesuit and the hat will be given away atthe Joneslot sale, which occurs onWednesday afternoon, May 15, at 2o'clock. Attend this auction sale andget one of thesejvaluable gifts free ofcharge.Awnings, Etc.For residence and business awningsand porch curtains callJ. J. ELLIS,7 3t at Cook's Grocery.County Graduates Examined.The examination of county schoolgraduaties for common school certificates was held in the office of theCounty Superintendent, Miss Mabel (Robbins. Friday and Saturday. Nineteen applicants, thirteen white and sixcolored, took the examination, thewhites being Hiram Adair. MabelAdair, Robert Delaney , Alice Cornish,Bessie Sweeney Gertrude Bramel.Dorothy Fleming.Lillie O'Neal. BerthaHarney, Rose Gifford, Minnie Kiser.Ada Plummet and Georgia Oliver.Colts and Paris to Meet.The Colts and Bourbonites will meetthis week for the first time since theopening of the season and the twoteams will furnish the entertainmentfor the fans of Paris and Lexingtonthree days. The Bourfco ite3 willmeet the Kivermen in the last gameof the series this afternoon and Wednesday theywill go to Lexington for atilt with the Colts, who will also bethe attraction at White Park Thursdayafternoon.. Friday the locals willagain go to Lexington. On ..the-occa-ninn nf fhf visit nf PnrJc h frtlTnnrt 1pialv,rfrjenffo the "rounf tTrl rn nf ii,rVvn nara mill rMill ucgranted. "Pirchises Hemp.Mr. Fred Batterton, w"ho has beenin the vicinity of Lancaster, Danvilleand St&niord for the past severalweeks purchasing hemp for the firmof E. F. Spears & Sons of this city,has returned and reports that he haspurchased for his firm between twoand three 'hundred acres of hemn,the delivery of which will be made tothe local firm's warehouse in thiscity, as soon as the fiber is brokenout. The price paid for the entireamount will average in the neierhbor-Program for Art Exhibition.The two hundred mcfcurpRyesterday and will be arranged in thecorridors of the Public School buildingat once.Tha exhibition will open Wednesdayat three o'clock, p. m.,and will beopen until five o'clock, it will, openagain a'fc 7:30 at night and will be oneneach afternoon and evening Thursday,Friday and Saturday.Program ior Wednesday evening at7:30 lollows:Music High School Band.AUNT BETSY'SBEAUX,A Playlet in Two Scenes.CHARACTERS :Aunt Betsy Turher Margaret Toohey. -r-Annie Turner Hazel Duvall.Ellen Glenn Margaret Douglass.Maggie Haines Edna Keller.Squire Hooper Joseph Lynch.Mr. Duntly Eli Friedman.Music between acts by the HighSchool Band.This is a comic, and interesting play.Admission, 10 cents.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfRefrigerator Time.Now is the time to think, about thatnew refrigerator for this summer. Wehave the largest stock we have everbrought on. See the line, they are thekind that save ice.J. T. HINTON..Opportunity for Investors.Every lot in- the Jones additionslopes towaids the street and is a perfect building site. Attend the saleMay 15. at 2 p. m.. and gefa bargain.Terms easy.Sentenced to Reform School.Mose Love.aged thirteen years,son ofDan Love, was sentenced to the Reform School, Friday, by Squire L. J.Fretwell, and was taken to that institution, Satucc'ay, by Patrolman FredLink. Young Love was charged withthe theft of a sum of money, amounting to about $17 from the home of ,Mr.John Davis, on Cypress strpet. about aweek ago, and was arrested last T iurs-day night by Officer Link. The moneywhich was taken by the boy was in asmall bank, which he took to the cellarof the house where he. was embloyed,breaking it open. Small pieces of thebank were -found, which led to the suspicion and arrest of the boy.Fine Beers.We sell only John Hauck's famousdraught beer. Also handle Hauck's,Wiedemann, Barbarossa and Budweiser bottled beers. Special attentiongivenjto family trade. Both phones.10-2t B. WEISSBERG.Desirable Building Sites tobeSold Wednesday, May 15.The lotsin the old fair grounds' addition to be Sold a'aiirHnn rm Warlnao.day afternoon. May 15, at 2 o'clock.are ai J, nigh and sightly locations andshould anneal to bothinvestors. These lotshing part of Paris and, will ateadilyain.crease in value. rhetcrhiB are mostItriAvnt VThis is your only chance. Your 8asf chance. Let it be your chance to get a perfect homein a locality (the old fair grounds) that is growing in value every day.WEDNESDAY, MAY IS, 1912,SALE BEGINS AT 2t O'CLOCK P. M.To The Women, The Real Home-Makers:Take this Home getting up with your husbands; don't let them put it off any longer; start now, the rest will be easy;long time between small payments. Get out of the ruinous rent rut. Let the 15th of May be your home-buying day.These are the best lots that have ever been offered for sale in Paris. They are situated on high, level ground, with anatural drainage. Each lot slopes to the street. You will save enough on your foundation to pay for average lot. If you arelooking for a healthy location, pure air of the country for your children to breathe, this is the place, and with all the conveniences of the city on the car line, electric lights, water works and benefit of' free schools. There is a roadway back of eachlot;, think of that everything can be delivered at the rear of. the house.-There are never anvthere is a constant Semandfor rent houses; fr;om.thei3estxof paying? tenants. ThisTproperty willand makes the safest, investment wi certain growing iix "valued M' - vCALL ON MR. JONES TO-DAY, and let him sttow yipu over tjie home, sites. ;f JOHN 5. JONES;"Skullbuster" to Go..One of the historical landmarks ofScott county is being torn down tomake room for"amore modernand commodious structure. It is the CornithChristian church, one of the oldest institutions in this section uf the State.It has long been known as the "Skullbuster" and is said by the oldest inhabitant to have derived its unusual namefrom the fact that the doors of thequaint old house, built of logs were solow that unless the taller members ofthe congreation stooped on enteringthey were sure to bump their heads.A Derby Winner.Buy a "Winner" straw hat to wearto the Derhy. Sold by 10-4t1 MITCHELL. & BLAKEMORE.Jones Lot Sale Wednesday, May15.If vou are lookiner for a healthv In-cation for a home don't fail to attendthe Jones lot sale, in old fair groundsaddition, on Wednesday afternoon,May 15. at 2 o'clock, This is thamo3t desirable property in Paris andthe terms are so easy that anybodyable to rent can own his hume.Fair Directors Hold Meeting.The officers and directors of theBourbon County Agricultural Societyheld-a meeting last week, at which .itwas decided to hold a five days' fairmeeting the first week in September,beginning Tuesday, September 3. Amotion to continue the one-judge system in all the events was carried.This rule was adopted last year ahdwas found to be very satisfactory.The meeting was presided over by thePresident, Joseph M.;HalI, with C. A.Webber, secretary; C. Arngpager.treasurer'and directors J. T. Hinton. A.P. Adair, J. F. Barbee. J. D. McClintock, R. B. Huthcraft and R) P. Hopkins present. All the committees tohave charge of the fair will be appointed by the'President, and will beannounced ata later date. It was alsodecided tojhave side attrac ions as heretofore, with entertainments at night.The dining room privilege was let toth Women's Society of the Christianchurch.Fine Beers.We sell only John Hauck's famousdraught beer. Also handle Hauck's,Weidemann, Barbarossa and Budweiserbottled beers, bpecial attention givento family trade. Both telephones.10-2t B. WEISSBERG.Testimonials.The following card is self-explanatory:Bradfordsville, Marion county, Ky.,T" February 2U, 1912.I wish to make a statement in reference to the treatment of a cancer byCancer Specialist W. R. Smith, .ofnear Paris Ky. I will write it for thebenefit of those suffering with cancer:My wife had been treated by a num-ber-ofdoctors and quack specialists'remedies only to get worse all thetime. Aftei about all hopes of recovery had flown, ;we learned of . W. R.Smith, cancer specialist, through aformer patient of his, who recommended Mr. Smith very highly. After, .thecase was in the hands of W R. Smiththe cancer was taken out by the rootsin 48 hours. She soon' recovered. Thatwas nearly two years since and nosymptoms of the trouble has evrpfeTfv,sented itself.10-2t. J. T. MILBUKN.WJmmmmBmmfmW, - mmmmmmmm tMTO THE INVESTORSvacaffE&ouses in this end of Paris.ICALLJ ti. Jossefson,The Popdar-Prsce Out-fitter and Sole AgenttforBrands ofPeter's Diamond Brand,Reed Cushion Sole,Se(z Roya!J. H. Josselson.L71 5-71 7 Main Street, Paris, Ky. 11 1 n i immamm gosm mm$1.00-ti3tapnnEiiJMiwni 1 Mui(minuiiiB 113 k ia4 e 1 i: 1 1 j 1 1 1 -u lmum wi ii u 1 11 ,,11111 1 -i flgriculturl Bank of ParisxCapital Surplus 4 Protection$ t06;OOio6 $67,500.00 $267 ,500.0X- .These sites are convenient to-the.iONBlue.oesWill start a Bank Account here andstart you on the road to Success.L. railrrtart dinnc av .pay the biggest dividends'" '- . - . ' - . r-.jsIHE FAIR.. T. Phones-Office, 63;Residence, 60ihood of 6 -1-2 cent per pound. Mr.Batterton states the hemp is in exjVI :l z auctioneers.cellent condition at this time andwill break out heavil3r.THE BOURBON NEJVS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 14, 1912-HE BOURBON NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THE OESTOF EVERYTWiN':Paper Cleaning.Fr wall paDer cle2ning, call HorreDhone 163.14-3c J. T. BESALEY.Land Sale.Auctiofifcer'M. F. Kenney sold Saturday at the court house rioor for Master Commissioner C. A. McMillan, theMrs. Sallie Current farm near Centervil e containing acres, to Mr. G.Sweeney for$ip0.buper acre.Picture Framing.Our snecialty is framingpictures.Let us have your orasrsNATIONAL, FIVE AND TENSTORE.CENTWill Soon Complete Run.The Paris Distilling Co., which hasbeen in operation since November,will finish its run for the season aboutMay 22, and will close down until thecoming fall. During the run of sixmonths this plant will have manufactured nearly te thousand barrels ofwhisky.Porch Furniture.Come in and look at our beautifulstock of porch furniture. Also allkinds of turniture for the lawn, porchshades in all colors and sizes.J. T. HINi'ON.Will Organize Housekeepers'Club.Miss Aubyn Chinn, teacher of domestic science at State University.Lexington, will be at the rooms of theProgressive Culture Club, in the El is'building, Wednesday afternoon, forthe prupose of organizing a Housekeepers' Club in this city. A cordialinvitation is extended by the members'of the Culture Clubf to all ladies andgentlemen who are interested in thesubject of household economics.Fresh Berries.Order your berries of us and besure that you are getting those thatare received daily.C. P. COOK & CO.ExBourbon Made Manager.Vice Presdent A L.. Ferguson, ofthe Burley Tobacco Socety, has beenselected as manager of the StiaterBrothers'branch of the Burley Tobacco Company factory in Lousville. Mr.Ferguson is an ex-Bourbon having beenborn and rearedjn this county and isa son of the late J. W. Ferguson and abrother of Messrs. Volney and J: W.Ferguson and Mrs. J. B. Thompson,ot Bourbon and Mrs. J. M. Hall andMrs. W. C . Ussery, of Paris.When They MikV $20 Clothesbetter than ours, we'll have them.Just now we have a serge thatEadandy at $20. All sizes.'J. VV. DAVIS & CO.Rains May Injure Grass Seed.Farmers of Bourbon county are growing a trifle uneasy lest the heavy rainsof the pastjweek should prove injurious to the blue grass seed crop, whichgives promise of being large in quantity arjd remunerative in price. However, it will be several weeks yet before the maturity of the'seed, and several days of warm weather wouldhave a wonderful effect. Spears &Sons have already purchased about50,000 bushels of seed at $1 per bushel.Our $20 Serge Is True Blue.Guaranteed in every respect. Otherserges at 15. $17.50, $22.50 $25 andS30.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Panamas.Our different styles in Panamas areworth your attention. 10-4tMITCHELL & BLAKEMOKE.Heavy Rains.The heaviest ram in this section fora number of years fell Saturday night.The deluge resembled a cloudburstand the street in many places ran almost knee deep with water. The sewerbeing inadequate to carry off the largeamount of surface water it was backedup in many places over the sidewalk,rendering them impassable. The- rainwas followed by a sharp decline in thetemperature, and Sunday was the mostdisagreeable day for the time of yearexperienced in the past eighteen yearp.A high wind raged all day, and Sundaynight the thermometer registered below fifty degrees.Be Clothes Wise.Corne to us with your clothingtroublts. We have the remedy, it'sour $20 blue serge.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Administrator's Sale Well Attended.The public sale of horses and vehicles conducted by Mr. Jsiraes McCiure. administrator of Mrs. VV. W.Massie, Saturday afternoon, t Caywood & JMcClintock's stock' bam onSouth Main fi treet, was fairly well at-vtended. An Inter-State iautombbile,which had been U6ed very little, wasbought by the Security Trust Company, of Lexington, for Mr. W. C. lassie, for $775. The couDe was sold tothe fame parties for $35, also thepony and pkeeton, which brought $75.Horses brought from $80 to $165. Col.Geo. D. Speaks, as the auctioneer. -"Notice to Dairymen.Has your license expired? If so,why not do the right, thing and have itrenewed? You know whose duty it isto look after such work.. ihose who have never applied for.license cad be t cb so,A.H. KELLER, Health 0Hcer.14-2t By orderof the Board.(PERSONAL MENTION.Mr. Denis Snapp is ill at his homeon High street with" the mumps.Dr. and Mrs. Harry Mathers visited relatives in Carlisle. Sunday.Mr. Ed. Nipperl, of Cincinnati,was the guest of Paris relatives Friday. Mrs. I. Greengard, of Binghampton, N., Y., is visiting Mrs. L. Safoshin. Mrs. Thompson Tarr will entertainthe Six Hand Euchre Club Thursdayafternoon.Misses Miranda and Ruth Henry,of Carlisle, are guestsof Mrsa EllenHenry" in this city.Little Miss Christine Thomas,daughter of Hon. C. M. Thomas, is illwith typhoid feve..Mrs. Robert M. Hopkins and son,of Covington, are visitine Mr. and jMrs. Tlios. Helm Clay.-Miss Mary feed, ot MaysncK, isthe guest of her sister, Mrs. AlbertHinton,for a few days.Miss Mary Battertop. who habaen visiting in Washington, D. C.returned home Saturday.Mrs. Georgia Ecton, of Winchester, is the guest of her father, Mr.L'oyd Ashurst, near Paris.Mr. and Mrs. P. Nippert, Sr., attended the funeral of Miss Anne Graziani, in Covington Saturday.Mr. L. D. Harris, who has been atMartinsville Ind.., for the benefit ofhi3 health, returned home Saturday.Elder William Sweeney, of IndianaDolis, Ind., was the guest last weekof his mother, Mrs. Alice Sweeney.Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Wallen havemoved into their new cottage at thecorner of fifteenth and Cypress streets.Mrs. L. F. Frankel and Mrs. I. Op-pemheimer, of Lexington, were guestsFriday of Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Winters.Dr. John Miller Stephens, of SanFrancisco, Cal., is visiting his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Stephens, inthis city.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Bacon and MissClara Bacon will leave today for Cincinnati, making the. trip in their automobile. Mrs. Bruce Adair arrived Fridayfrom Colon, Pan? ma Canal Zone, andare at the home of Mr. Silas Bedford,near this city.Mr. and Mrs. Garrett Kenney. ofMoreland, Kans., are guests of theIatter's father, Mr. Lloyd Ashurst,near this citv.Rev. and Mrs. Yutaka Minakuchihave rented the residence of Mrs. E.L. Harris on Cypress street and willtake possession June 1.Mr. Logan Howard, who has beensuffering from rheumatism for severalweeks, left Friday for Martinsville.Ind. for treatment. 'Mrs. W. R. Blakemore wpnt toCincinnati yesteiday to join Mr. Blakemore. who ha3 been in Chicago, andtogether they will visit in. Chillecothe,Q. -w . . . , ; v ; - , -jMisses Ruth Haggard and WillieTingle, of Cincinnati, are the guestsof Mrs. Alex Tingle, on Fifteenthtreet. Mrs. Tingle entertained intheir honor Saturday evening.Messrs L. J Fretwell, Jas. McDonald. Ed Rice, William Stipp, GeorgeMorrow, Geo. W. Wyatt, J. J.JlcClintn?.k auri Dr. EC. J. Clarke, who attend-Ga., returned home Saturday." ,The following has been received bythe News:Bourbon CollegeClass of Nineteen Hundred and TwelveCommencement ExercisesTuesday evening. May 21st. 8 o'clock,Christian Church.Class Roll Anna Keith Allin, RubyJjKedwitz, Belva Hill, Bee Devine,Nellie Low RoBards.Rev. Father Eugene DeBruyn lefta few das ago for a visit ot his mother at his old home in Germany, for thepurpose oi settling up the estate ofhis father, who died about two yearsago. Father DeBruyn will be absentuntil the first of October. Rev. Father Riement, of Dayton. Ohio, will fillhis place until the arrival of the supply priest, who will be appointed bythe Bishop.Friday evening at the collegechapel, the first of the series of recitals and entertainments, leadng up tothe college emmencement, was given.The recitalwas a pleasant affair, andwas arranged for the intermediateclasses. .The pupils showed carefultraining and the piano selections werewell rendered . Following is the corrected calendar for the closing exercises :May 14, piano-recital, college chapel. 8 p. m. ; May 17, piano recital, college chapel, 8 p. m. ;. May 18, certificate piano recital, college chapel, 8p. m. ; May 19, baccalaurate. sermon,Christan church Rev. E. M Lightfoot,7:30 p. m. ; May 20, annual concert,college cnapej. d. m. ; May j, commencement. Chrstian church, 8 p. m.Address to graduates by W. E. Ellis.Freight Train Wrecked.A wreck of a freight, train -a .fewmiles North of Wirfchesterlate yesterday afternoon; delayed traffic for several hours. Eighteen cars ?were derailed: Nope of the trainmen wereinjured. A wrecking crew was ..sent.from this citjfctoAclear the ti acfcBig Mortgage Fifed.."Orie Of the 'largest" mortgages everfiled in Bourbon county was lodsred forrecord in County Clerk's office yesterday. The mortgage is executed bythe Cumberland Telephone and Telegraph Co,, to the Columbia Trust Co.,'and Frank W. Conn, for the amount of,$15,000,000, on first, and general mortgage, five per cent gold" bonds, andpayable Jan 1, 1937. The mortgage relates to nroperty acquired by the Cum-.Her land Telephone and Telegraph Co.,from-the East Tennessee TelephoneCo., and to 'comply with the jaw ismade of record in each county inwhich the company has holdings. -Chapel Exercises.Following is the Tennyson programto be renderea at the auditorium of theParis Public School, Wednesday morning at 8 :30 o'clock : -Music Band.Devotional Elder Sharrard.Biography of Tennyson Hazel Morris. "Bugle Sone" Lona McCord."Tout Va Bien '."-Catherine Patrick. "Break, Break. Break," ElizabethHedges.Synopsis of Enoch Arden MarianCram.Solo "Crossing Bar"- Jerome Chapman ftpm"Early Spring" Carolyn Rose."All ThingsWill Die"-Fred Merrimee. Music.Picture Framing.Our speialty is framing pictures.Let U9 have your orders.NATIONAL FIVE AND TEN CENTSTORE.For Rent.Front room over gas office. Suitablefor office. For further particulars apply atNevs office.Master Commissioner'sSALE OFCity Property!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Wm. Grannon, Committee of PhilDeignan, Plaintiff.vsRhil Deignan, Etc., Defendants.Under and by a judgment of theBourbon Circuit Court, rendered in theabove styled action, tne undersignedMaster Commissioner will sell at public auction to the highest and'best bidder, on the premises, in the City ofParis,' Ky., about the hourdf2 o'clock,p. mi, onWednesday, Jane 5, 1912,the fol'owing described property:A certain house and lot situated inParis, Ky., and described and boundedas follows : Becinning.atiavjoint on theWinchester pike corner'to lot formerlyowned by J . M. Thomas, and runningin a Southernly dircetionjwith said pike53 feet ; thence in an Easterly direction154 feet, more or less, to the marginof Vine street thence with the marginof said street, in a Northerly direction92 feet, more or less, to a stake in theline of said street; thence Westerly 22feet, to the, beginning.. Also a certain house and lot situatedin the City of Paris, Ky., and described as follows: Beginning at a point inthe margin of the -Winchester pike 53feet from the lot formerly owned by J.M. Thomas and running with the margin of the Winchester pike a distanceof 100 teet. more or less, to the intersection of Vine street and Winchesterpike, and then with the margin ofVine street in a Northerly direction 205feet, more or less; thence ;Westerly 154"feet, more or less, to the beginning.The undersigned Master Commissioner will offer each- of the above described tracts separate. Said sale willbe made upon the credit of -six andtwelve months for equal parts of thepurchase money, the purchaser beingrequired to execute bond for eual partsof the purchase money with goodsurety, to be approved by said MasterCommissioner, payable to said MasterComm;s3ioner, bearing interest at therate of six per cent, per annum fromdate of sale until paid. Having theforce and effect of a judgment, and toremain a lien upon the property solduntil fully paid. The privilege isgiven the purchaser or purchasers topay the r purchase price xf cash without executing bond" or he or they maypay the purchase money at any timebefore maturity and stop the interestthereon.c. a. McMillanMaster Commissioner Bourbon CircuitCourt.Wm. Grannon, Attorney,M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.14-21-28.ManyYears'ExperienceWith a reputation based upontwenty-five years of successfulbanking experience theThe Bourbon- Bank and' Trust Co.I.JParis, Kentucky,has amended charter so as tobe able T:o -'actios .Executor or Ad"mimstrator"of5Sstates--as Guardianor Trustee and any other fiduciarycapacity. . "With ample, capital and surplusand long experience, its Trust y'Department's- eminently qualifiedtorenaer -emcient service., .. ,Bourbon Bank 4 TrustParis, Ky.Co.,Capital and " Surplus 146,000.003 per cent, paid on Time DepositsFor Sale.Fifteen tonskay for sale23-6tof extra fine timothyCHARLTON CLAY,E. T. Phone 57."Roxfe" Davis !Che TnsuMtic flgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Calf.2 Helios 137NOW IS THE TIME TO"If It Isn't an EastmanIt Isn't a Kodak."KODAKS, $5 to $20BROWNIE CAMERAS,$1to$12A Full Line of Supplies.DAUGHERTY BROS,sKODAKAll jHSgBTYardA,iISpecial Showing' ofLace Curtains and DraperiesNow is the .Time to Make Your SelectionsBefore the Best Numbers Are Gone ....I am in a position to show you the largest and best assortedstock in this part of the State. I make a specialityof thisxycxi. iiiicuo emu. i;cui Dave jfuu muuej. AUUiUU. CUflJiiniiare bought direct from the manufacturers, therefore -cut- 9ting out the middle-man profit. Many numbers I buy in wrlQT-vovf-wi rmr4 sinvt nri-wm imnlarge quantities, say fifty and hundred pairs of a singlerice and give you the benefit of the saving, Cut-tainsoldiheretofore at$ 2.00 now $ 1 .50 $ 6.50 now$S.OO2.50 now 1 .75 7.50 now 6.503.50 now 2.50 1 0.OO now 7.50.5.00 now 4.00 1 2.50 now 1 O.OOWe have in stock any kind, any price and if you giveus thelopportunity will please you.W.EdAgent Butterick PatternsALWAYS THE NILirFee's Specials !Karo Syrup2 lb. Can Syrup.;. . .....10c1-2 gallon Syrup .'.20c1 gallon Syrup. 40cChase & Sanborn'sFamous Teas and Coffees.STONE'SAssorted Cakes.Fee's Grocery Co.J. T. HINTONPorch Swings$2.75and upWith Chains and Hangers.SwingsI r1400 : Zand upJ. T. Hinton-v-v-i st-r A II I 4-n.-.. 1 ::Tucker !7It"--... 'rVTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY,, MAY 14, 1912.4iWindow ShadesrenlinI have been reduced in price!f The widespread sale of Brenlin Shades has enabled the manufacturers to greatly reduce the cost of their production. For justa trifle more than the price of ordinary shades you may now haveBrenlin the shade that contains no "filling" to streak, crack,fade or show unsightly "pin holes" the shade that always hangsstraight and smooth and lasts several times as long as others. -BRENLIN is made in many artistic tones and in BrenlinDuplex colored one side, white the other. Come in and let usshow you samples and quote prices.For Sale by J. T. Hinton .TWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentAll the Latest Ideas inmmwmNow On DisplayLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.STOCK.CROP AND FARM NOTE S.'Tha tobacco barn of Church Bark-ley in Scott county, was destroyed byfire last week, causing a loss of several thousand dollars. Incendiariesblamed.Simon Weil & Co., of Lexington,who have. been slopping 700 cattle atthe distillery of Baker Bros., at theForks of Elkhorn, in Franklin county,have sold their cattle to the MorrisPacking Co., of Chicago, and the shipment has already begun. This is saidto be one of the best lots of slop-fedcattle that ever left Kentucky",averaging something over 15,00-poundseach, and Weil & Co.' will get a littleover seven cents per pound for the lot,making $73,500 for the whole lot.Judgment of the Pendleton CircuitCourt in the case of the Burl6y Tobacco Society against H. F. Monroeand others, was reversed dy the ApDellate Court, Friday, and the case remanded with directions to set aside anorder of injunction, and dismiss thepetition and cross petition.The action grows out of the poolingof tobacco in Pendleton county in 1909,when 1,200 growers went'into the poo).& The pool aggregated 2,328 hogsheads.Prior to the suit the society sold 1,031housheads. In November, 1911, Monroe and seven other farmers in the poolsued for a receiver t" take charge ofthe pool and for a distribution of thefunds. The Pendleton County Board ofControl, by cross petition, prayed thesame relief.The Jrial Judge held that the BurleySociety did not have the right to sellthe pooled tobacco without the approval of the Pendleton Board ol Control,nor the right to equalize the poolers ofthe different counties.Jaynesville and New WayICQRR PLANTERSGet results, are not complicated and have all up-to-datefeatures.Egyptian Baron sun.Trial over 3-4 Track SacondsSlow 2:09 1-4Sired by Oakland Baron 2 :091. winner ef the Kentucky Futurity. Sireof Gail Hamilton 2:06. Rhythmic2:06. Baron De Shay 2:08J.1st dam Egyptienne, race rec)d,2-18, dam of Egyptian Baron or2:09. Egyptienne by Mambrino K(tr1279, sire of Lady of the "Manor 2c04inBeir-at-Law 2:05 3-4, Lord Derby2:05 3-4. grand sire of Minor Heir1:58.2nd dam Bay Hambletonian (by Hambletonian 10, sire of George Wilkes(2:22.) Bay Hambletonian dam ofHenrietta :17. Egyptienne 2 :18, DonFulano 2:22 (sire" qf Mauae M.2:15 3-4. Best Chimes 2:25;) Artie(dam of Artie King 2 :19,Nora Chimes253. Tornado Chimes 2:24, LydiaVincent 2:28.) Lady Bug (dam ofJune Bug 2:29) Mink (dam of Comanche 252)Third dam by Gold Dust 150.EGYPTIAN BARON is a black horse15.2. A" grand individual and one ofthe best reuresentatives of the greatBaron Wilkes, now known as theFuturity family. He ia one of thefastest best headed horses in Kentucky, and has been a mile over mythree-quarter track, which is at leastthree seconds slower than Lexington,in 2:09. last half in 1:03. last quarter in :30. Although he is a pacer,be was a natural and fast trotter andcould trot in 2:40 at two years old.Was raced a little for educatiaon. and'proved himself a game level headedrace horse, and if he stays right, wepredict a record of 2:05 or better thisyear. He has served a few mares, andhis colts are good individuals and fast.One, a yearling, out of a pacing mare,is one of the best trotters, for hiswork, I ever had trotted a mile, withfew days work, last fall, in 2:58. lasthalf in 1:26. last quarter in :42.Egyptian Baron will serve a few approved mares at ji$25 to Insure a Living FoafCare taken, but no responsibilityassumed for accidents or escapes.Money due in all cases if mare changeshands or is parted with. Mares kepion grass at $1.00 Der week.DUUULiAS TtiUiMAS, raris a.y.Professions Taught Free of Charge.There is just one country in theworld where the highest education isfree and that country, surprising as itmay seem to those who read this, isChill There tvery profession istaught in the most modern methodsby the best authorities -with.no charge"whatever to natives.ONEfiOPOf BOURBON POULTRY CUREdown a chick's throat curesfapes. A few drops In therinking water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Diseases of Fowls" sent FREE.Bourbon Remedy Co. Lexington, Ij.W-T -Brooks, Druggist337$100 a Month.If not, be a Chaufferand get a good job.Complete course guaranteed in 5 weeks. ShopWork, Driving, Lectures.313 Students last year.Write for Free Booklet.Y?jM. C. A. Auto School,701s Walnut, Cincinnati, O; IThelNettletonJap ModelIs the BusinessMan's Favoritewith its comfortable, roomy fittingqualities, its low,broad heel, and toeexpression of goodsense.We picture the JapModel in a soft GlazedKid Blucher, with aheavy single sole of oldfashioned oak -tannedleather We have othermodels of the NettletonMake, but recommendthe Jap to the busy man Lfor every day wear,Geo. McWilliams.Day Trip to St. Louis.By leaving Paris on L. & N, train8:20 a.m. direct connection is madewith the.B. & O. S.-W. first train leaving Cincinnati 12 o'clock noon, daily,arriving St. Louis at 8 o'clock sameevening. This train carries eleganthigh back .seat coaches, Parlor ears.Electric lighted dining car, and makesdirect connection in St. Louis UnionStation with all Western, Northwestern and Southwestern lines. OtherB. .& O. S.-W. St. Louis first trainsleave Cincinnati, daily 2:15 a. m., 9:00a. m. and 9:15 p. m. Night trains haveelectric lighted sleeping cars iwithindividual birth lights. For information as to fares and other particulars consult your local ticket agent, oraddress.S. T. SEELEY;T. P. A..B.& O. S-W. R. JR.513 Traction Bldg. Cincinnati, "Ohio.May 7-14-21-28.Flagged Train With Shirt.Tearing his shirt from his back anOhio man flagged a train and saved itfrom a wreck, but T. H. Alston,Raleigh, N. C.,once prevented a wreckwith Electric Bitters. "I was in aterrible plight when I began to usethem," he writes, "my stomach, head,back and.kidiieys'were all badly affected and my liver was in bad condition,"but- four bottles of Elect ic Bittersmade-me feel like a new man." Atrial will convince you of their matchless merit for any stomach, liver -orkindey trouble. Price 50c at Ober-dorfer's.Go to Back's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclas? barbers. 13 tfRich Haul by Forgers.The Bank of Naples (Southern Italy)has recently been the victim of fraudto the extent of $160,000, by means ofgenuine checks, the figures of which,however, had been cleverly altered andaugmented with the aid of chemicalsand a perforating machine. Th'etrickster, of whom there is no trace,had checks cashed simultaneously atthe branch offices in Turin, Florenceand Rome.Bones Act as Barometer.The merits of bone as an indicatorof fair or foul weather have been"vouched for by the captain of an Italian steamer carrying a cargo of bonesfrom the South American port ofBuenos Aires to New York. When theship was sailing toward a storm theskipper stated, recently, the bonescreaked and moaned, and .when fairweather was ahead they were silentagain.Took Rank With the Best"No," said the haughty Boola-Boola,daughter of the King of the CannibalIslands, as she arrayed.- herself in hernecklace of missionary's teeth, and anice, fresh smile, "these dressmakersof London, Paris anfi New York havenothing on me!" And with her eyesbeaming with happiness she sweptregally into the ballroom. Harper'sWeekly.Deep Childish Reasoning.Father (to Margery, who has beena long time fetching the newspaper)When you're asked to do anything;Margery, you should always run. Margery Yes, I will, daddy; except, ofcourse, I can't when my legs ache,father Rubbish; your legs neverache. Margery (Indignantly )-Hoo!what's the, use of the word "ache,"then? Punch.uag ror raoisy ueese.The geese which play an importantrole in a certain opera recently presented in Milan, Italy, have been sonoisy of late dujing rehearsals, drowning" the vofces of the singers, that aveterinary surgeon was consulted theother day, an'd he overcame the difficulty 'by inserting in the bill of eachgoose- a chloroformed plug, causingtemporary paralysis of-1 the. vocalchords, just before the' rising "of thecurtain. .. v7:1Also all Types of-A- R OFOR SALE BYBourbon Garage & Supply CoCor, 4th and High Sreets,Paris, Kentuckym l 4 rlANDEKo 9Automobiles E-M-F iISxDo ModeCs.Do You Want Your Money's Worth?BggFlanders "20" Touring Car, $800The next time an automobile salesman tries to sell you acar at a discount, tell him that the old "something for nothing"story can't fool you.The best automobiles in the world are sold for their listprice, not a penny less. They are worth it. But the lame ducks,the second rates, the nondescript and assembled automobilesare in the public market looking for the highest bidder. Lookout they don't get you. If gold-brick cars are not worththeir list price, how much are they worth? Nobody knows.Cut price deals are frauds.But if you want a car of one price to all and worth everycent of it, get either a Studebaker E-M-F "30," $1100, orFlanders "20," $800. You can trust them. You get all thatyou pay for, and that is more than you get with any othercar at near their price. Studebaker guarantees them that'sthe big reason. No matter what price temptation falls in yourway, Studebaker E-M-F "30" and Flanders "20" cars are farbigger bargains, because in years of good service and satisfaction they pay big returns.We can prove it Send for our new catalogueThe Studebaker CorporationBourbon Garage and Supply Co.1?&4th and HighTelephone 347A NEW RELIEF . FORUPSET STOMACHSA crtain relief has been found forstomach disorders. It digests food,aids assimilation, prevents stomachgas.'xelleves indigestion instantly, ar.dcures dyspepsia. . This new Temedy iscalled "Digestif Brpwn's little tablet, easy to swallow, and absolutelyharmless It has bro'ght relief to thousands. Your money back if it fails torelieve you 50c. Ask at G. S. Var-deri?& Son's..trsj fPty hMlfr. JtJt'H .vfV WWW W WW W W WW WW WWLOOK WHO'S HEREUNITEDwOOLENMILLSEvery Garment Union MadeEvery Detail Up-to-DateSuits Made to MeasureMADE TO FITNO MORE!NO LESS!Prom Mill To Man is Our Method.Come Whether You Need New Clothes at Present or NotYou Are Invited to Call and Inspect the Marvelous Offerings.www w ww ww wwwww w wwww w wwwwww www w www w wwwwwwwwwSuits Tailored to Your Measure!A g. A5l"lm g g We have exerted every effort to make the opening of our establishment a memor--iICll-ILII Ull able event in the history of Paris business institutions, and customers who ordinarily are hard to please, will find our facilities equal to the most exacting requirements. So far as we are concerned it isnot sufficient that we employ union labor, but the Very Best Union Labor, and you know what that means. Notwithstandingour low selling prices, we can afford to employ the highest priced help because of our enormous business.Your choice of 500 of the latest Spring creations for the marvelous price of $1 5 no more no less.HIGHEST STANDARD MAINTAINED We have located here to stay, and no garment is permitted to leave our establishment until it has passed critical inspection of our manager.Why We CameThe day of the high-priced merchant-tailor is over. He simply has togo. He is passing away just as surely as the horse car has passed awaywith the advent of electric cars. And it is no wonder. Sensible men aretired of paying an extravagant price for a suit of clothes. The averagemerchant tailor did not realize he was making amistake, so the coming ofthe modern tailoring establishment was (inevitable. Unite I Woolen Millswill give the men of this vicinity a genuine surprise when their magnificentstore was formally opened Saturday. Every visitor was impressedwith the fact that this concern is composed of real live business men. Everycue will see that the establishment is up-to-date in every particular.Everything made by the most experienced Union Tailors, and everygarment will be strictly All-Wool.HIDOur AdvantageOn account of owning a number of other large establishments, we areenabled to make purchases that would be impossible to the average tailoring concern. Not only do we obtain the most favorable concessions, but ouraggregate purchases are so great that we control the output of various mills.And as we are just opening'this store in Paris, you can be assured that everyyard of goods in this establishment is new, coming direct from the. mills tous. Ib is needles. to remark that this is an advantage appreciated by everyman who admires good clothes.The leading features will be Suits and Overcoats to order at $15.00,made of Scotch Tweeds, English Worsteds, Black and Blue Thibets and SilkMixtures and the latest effects in Stripes, Checks and Plaids.Tailors and Woolen MerchantsSt$1515r$15THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 14, 1912i'1I )The Jones lot offers a splendid opportunity for the wage earner of moderate circumstances to own his home.These lots ate beautifully located andthe terms will be so easy that youcan have no excuse for paying rentlonger. Come out to the addition inthe old fair grounds on Wednesday.May 15, at 2 o'clock and buy one ofthese building sites.French Family of Five Generation!.At Granville, in France, is a familynow represented by five generations.On January 21 last Georgette Blin wasborn. Her mother is 18 yea of age,Mme. Blin's mother, the child's grandmother, is 37, while the grandmother'smother is 58, and the mother jot thislady is now in her 79th year..r"e Gome of Comet Tootwear.1fI DAN COHENThe Time toBuy is Now,The PlaceOUR STOREYou will save time and money whenyou purchase your Spring and Summer Footwear here. We have a largeassortment ofWhite Shoes and Pumpsin Canvas and Nu-Buck for Womenand Children at a range of prices tosuit the most economical shoppers.These bargains could not be duplicated anywhere outside our storeA Sure Fit.See our line of Pumps and Colonials in allpopular leathers and fabrics. For fit, style "andcomfort they are not surpassed.The prices are unusually low, quality considered. , .Keep cool and comfortable in a pair of thefamous Walk-Over Oxfords. We have them in allthe latest styles in Black and Tan Oxfords.m- AsWe Save You Money on YourFootwear Purchases.DA IN COHEN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky. ImillerSburg items.Mr. Berfe McCIintock was at Mayslick on business Saturday.Rv. 0. B. Crockett, of Lexington,was a guest of M. F. C. last week.Miss Nannie Louise Best attendedthe Cincinnati May Festival lastweek.Porch Swings and Porch Furniture;Sterns and Fosters felt mattresses atMOCKS. 14-2t.Mr. and Mrs. Thomas McCIintockare visiting Mrs. Turner Perry atOwingsville.Mr. Plummer, of Cynthiana, wasthe guest of his son, cadet Plummer,at M. M. 1. Thursday.Mr. and Mrs. S. H. Endicott wereguests of Mr. and Mrs. Lafayette Endicott at Cynthiana Thursday. -Rev. J. C. Reed, of Paintsville, wasthe guest of his daughter, Miss NolaRedd, at M. F. 6. last week.Mrs. Sallie Miller who is in St.Joseph Hospital, Lexington, is doingnicely, also Miss Flora Mason.Mr. James Hut-sell, of Mt. Sterling,was the guest of his aunt, Mrs. M. E.Martin, Thursday and Friday.Miss Katherine Linville, of London,arrived Thursday as the guest of herparents, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Linville.Miss Ruth Ardery, of Cynthiana, arrived here Saturday as the guest ofMr. Sam Ardery and Mrs. MaryEvans.Mrs. Clara Shank left. Thursday forthe bedside of her brother-inlaw, Mr.Dunstall, who is critically ill at hishome at Falmo"th.Commencement exercises will begin Frdiay evening with the juvenileentertainment. See Friday's issuefor complete program.Mr. Durward Mason, and Miss HazelKerr, visited Miss Flora Mason at St.Joseph Hospital, Lexington, Sunday,and found her doing nicely.Mrs. E. B. Taylorhas returned aftera few days at the bedside, of heraunt, Mrs. Sue Massie, who is critically ill at her home near Carlisle.Mr. and Mrs. Clifton Blackerby, ofParis were guests of Mr. and Mrs. U.S. G. Pepper, Friday night and attended the Tecital of Miss JennieMaurie Pepper.VIn a hotly contested ball game between M. M. I. , and Lexington HighSchool the latter won by a score of 2to 1 yesterday afternoon on the M.M. I. grounds.For commencement gifts see McConnell's line of bracelets, lockets,rings, mesh bags, la valiars, pins andnice line of college and souvenirspoons.AARON McCONNELL14-2t. Jeweler and Optition.Millersburg experienced one of thehardest rainfalls Saturday night about8 o'clock that we have had in manyyears. Small bridges and water-gapswere washed away and gollies badlywashed. Water at the depth of several inches stood on the side walk inseveral places in town.Col. C. M. Best, Capt. Howard FreasCadets Parnsh and May, of M. M. I.;and Dr. C. B. Smith attended thefuneral of Cadet Owsley, at Stanford.He became lissome weeksr ago, andwas taken to the St. Joseph Hospital,Lexington, where he died aturdayafternoon.What more appropriate gift can yougive than a high grade watch. Nextto ones family a watch .is a person'sclosest companion. It is referred tomany times a day. You can have itengraved with an appropriate inscription and in after years with what prideit will be shown to friends as thewatch which dear olt father andmother, or so-and-so, gaye me on theday of my graduation.AARON McCONNELL,14-4t. Jeweler and Optition.Miss Jennie Maurie Pepper, one ofthe seniors in expression, gave a recital at the M. F. C. auditorium, Friday evening. She was greeted by alarge audience. Miss Pepper is notonly one of our most popular youngladips, but she is also a hard studentat the M. F. C. and is a graduate thisyear in both expression and in literary department. As a reader, thepeople were largely familiar with herworK and knew that they had everyreason to expect much and were notdisappointed. Paits of her programwere very heavy and she managedher work with the care of a skilledartist. She is one of our most ambitious young ladies and does not meanto stop with this. She will probablyattend the school of dramatic art atCincinnati next season. She wassupported by Misses Blackmon andHurst as pianoists, Misses Nell andHurst violinists and Mrs. Deering asvocalist.School Board Elects Teachers.At a meeting of the Board of Education, Friday night, teachers for thenext school year were elected. Theposition of assistant principal and instructor in Latin, which has been filledby.Prof. W. 0, Stackhouse, was notsupplied, the Board having under consideration a numberj of apalications.Prof. Stackhouse was not an applicantfor re-election, and will go West forthe benefit of his health.Prof. T. B. Sporing, principal of thegrammar department, was not anapplicant for re-election, and this position was filled Ijy the selection ofMiss Maude Fisher, who for the Dasteight years, has been teaching in thegraded schools of Tampa, Fla. MissFisher, who was formerly of thiscounty, was elected to serve in theTampa school during the next year,but preferred to accept the position inher home town. Pro. Sporing, theformer principal, expects to enterState University for special work.Miss Hazel Cottingham was re-electedinstructor in the commercial department; Mrs. Evelyn Buck, drawing,and Miss Josie Alexander, teacher inEnglish. Mfss Marion Lynch, instructor in elocution and physical culture,was elected to succeed Miss Nell Wallace, and Miss Leora A. Wierd, ofSoringboro, Pa., was elected "to succeed Miss Julia O'Brien in the musicaldepartment.The following teachers in the grammar and primary department were reelcted: Misses Folsom McGuire, BessiePurnell, Macie Talboit, Jessie Crisp.Clara Brannon, Anna Farrell. LizzieLanihan. Bettie Smith. Sallie Whaley.Mary Layton, Blanche Lilleston, Mrs.E. L. .Stone, Mrs. E. L. Harriss. Mrs.Newton Clark was re-elected as truantofficer.In the colored school F. M. Wood waselected principal, with the followingreachers: Innes Towles. W. H. Evans,Mary Graves, Carrie.Murray, MinervaBedford. Eliza Johnson. Wilia Stevenson and Lucille Anderson.The following recommendation of thetwo teachers below were handed usyesterday by the secretary of theSchuol Board :Miss Leora A. Wiard, of Springboro,Fa., the newly elected music teacher,comes highly recommended. She is agraduate of Sugar Grove Seminary,Pa., the New. England Conservatory oiMusic, of Boston, and the TomlinsMusical Institute, of Chicago. Shnsuccessfullj taught music in tne HighSchool at Marion, Ohio, for thirteenyears, and her work is recomrren1. d inthe highest terms by the superintendent, Board and patrons.Miss Marion W. Lynch, of Worcester,Mass., the new teacher of. PhysicalEducation and Elocution, is a youi gwoman of splendid attainments. Whileshe has had but two years' experience,she is warmly indorsed both as a ladyand teacher. She is a graduate of theEmerson School of Expression and thePosse School of Gymnastics, of Boston.Sell Touring Car.The Bourbon Garage Co., yesterdaysold to Dr. Cook, of North Middletown, a Flan Jrs touring car.No Evidence Found.A raid planned by the officers upon asuspicious house in the colored suburb4 of CJaysville Sunday, in which it waspbelieved liquor war beingjsold, was executed bunday morning, but the oncers failed to secure evidence that thelaw was being violated. When theofficers entered they found a keg ofheer from which several colored peoplehad been drinking, but there was noevidence of it being sold. .Big Lot Sale May 15.Pick out a lot in the Jones additionbeforethe date of sale, Wednesday afternoon, May 15. Everv lot will be abargain. They are located in thegrowing part of Paris.A Guarantee.If the bottom wears out before theupper breaks through, we replacethem with a. new nair Korrect bhaoeshoes. 104tMITCHELL & 8LAKEM0RL'.British Moving Picture Theaters.There are now over 4,000 movingpicture theaters in Great Britain andIreland. Fully $5,000,000 is said to beinvested in the provision and working of halls alonp. antf nvw 32.000 people r.re empxycti. This ieavcj out ofaccount the development of auxiliarybranches of tfie industry. A total of2,000,000 people represents approximately the daily audience of these picture shows.Street Representative Here.Mr. William Morgan, a representative of the Natinal Bitumen Co. of Indianapolis, has been in the city for several days looking into the condition fothe bitumen street, with a view ot having much needed repairs made in thevery near future. Mr. Morgan wentover the ground thoroughly and willendeavor to place the street in its former excellent condition. This beingthe last year the company assumes thework of repairing the street undertheir contract, the city officials will insist unon the thoroughfare' beingplaced in good shape. It is the hopeof Mr. Morgan to have a. force of menbegin on-fhe work in the next few daxtrmt the repair work may be completedbefore the assembling of the KnightsTemplar here on the twenty-ninth ofMay for the annual conclave.Fine Beers.We sell only John Hauck's famousdraught beer. Also handle Hauck's,Weidemann, Barnarossa and Budweiserbottled beers. Special attention giventolfamily trade. BothTteleDhones.10-2t B. WEISSBERG.A Glad SmileShould be surmounted by aglad hat.i supply the ThatA man is judged by the company he keeps. And also quitelargely by his personal appearance. Your hat is a very important, part of your attire.Now isn't it?This then is the Point:Instead of trusting to some ordinary haberdasher or clothinghouse to fit your hatYou are invited to come hereand .let a real hatter serveyu-A man who specihzes on men'shats. A man who makes yourhat. A man who will, highly appreciate you as a customer, andhas a strong desire and the ability to raally suit you.I am the man. I want to knowyou, and I am sure it will be toyour advantage to know me. Ifyou are not wearing a LewisHat begin now, and give theCincinnati Hat Mfg. Co., a trial.' At your service.Hats from $3 to $7.Soft and Stiff Hats Cleaned andBlocked- Panamas a specialty.Cincinnati Hat Mfg. Co.,BEN F. GOLDBERG, Manager,Paris, KentuckyUnabfe to Count Beyond Four.A close observer has definitely established the fact that magpies androoks cannot count further than four.rook never returns to its nest untilit is quite satisfied that there is nodanger near. Yhen four hunters orless departed in succession from anear-by log cabin, the rook would return to its nest after the last had?one out of sight. But whenever there:vere more the bird lost count and returned to its nest even while somerver9 still in the hut.H Wamt an Ang.During one of the earlier discussionsof the United State tariff in theCanadian parliament, an oppositionmember characterized the attitude ofthe govemnjent on the question as "a3ight that would make angels weepand jackasses laugh." The Hon. FrankOliver, who was then minister of theinterior, replied, with his usual deliberate calmness: "I have observedthat the honorable gentleman, hasbeen one of those who laughed."Judge.Is,nSelz Tine Shoes Tor Wen.You hear a good deal now-a-days about "guaranteed' merchandise, especially Shoes.Sometimes it's a guarantee that the shoes are made of goodleather, with a lot of detail about the way they're made. Selzshoes are guaranteed to be satisfactory to yon. What do you carewhat the shoe's are made of if they're not satisfactory to yon."Sometimes it's a guarantee that the shoes shall wear a certainlength of time , Selz shoes are guaranteed to be satisfactory toyou. What difference does it make how long they last, if they'renot satisfactory? The longer dissatisfaction lasts the worse offyou are.Selz shoes are guarantee to be satisfactory ; and that meansYOUR satisfaction, not our3 or Selz. It means good . leather, ofcourse; poor leather wouldn't be satisfactory. It means long service, of course; a shoe that wears out too soon isn't satisfactory.It means correct style and good fit; you wouldn't be satisfied withanything less.The Selz GuaranteeThe name SELZ stamped on the sole of ashoe is a gurrantee of absolute satisfaction. Remember, your dealer is authorized to see that youget absolute satisfaction from every pair ofshoes bearing the markLargest Makers of Good Sh'oes in the World.L Paris, K.&nucUy IEvery gallon pays a big dividendThere's as much difference between sprayed and unsprayed vegetables as there is between those grown on goodand poor soil. A gallon of spray material costs only a fewcents, but the increase in the value of. vegetables sprayed withit amounts to dollars. Try spraying as an investment.S-W LIME-SULFUR SOLUTION gives very satisfactory results as aninsecticide and fungicide. It is effective against all sucking insectsand when used at a weak dilution it will effectually control fungusdiseases. This preparation contains practically no sediment, is uniform and very strong. It will not crystallize or clog the sprayer.O. A. DAUGHERTY.o'WW $m& J7 .' )!S1Copyright 191u, by tlicStandard-Ai7. CSfoWE live, we grow old, and the last years shouldbe free from care, instead of burdened withj1 r 1 i mi fiime weigm or navmg to provide, i nis snould navebeen done in youth by the practice of frugality anda live bank account.United States Depository for Postal Savings.We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accountsDEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS. ICapital ,$1 06,OOOlSurplus $309000 J4