THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARvVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, AUGUST 6, 191?nIIPHPiBig ReductionnOnAIILOW SHOESBeginning This Week We Will Reduce all HANNAN and NETTLETON OXFORDS, and also Ladies'Pumps and oxfords.We have a great many WHITE SHOES and PUMPSin Nubuck and Canvas that will be greatly reduced.These will be for CASH ONLY.IGEO. McWILLIAMS,L.Phones 301The Shoe ManJ4F S$ Don't Stay At Home and Broodjjf Over the High Cost of Living,w But Come in and See What We Can Save You ontfiy Groceries. Below is Just a Few ofV Our Many Bargains:Sjff 16 lbs. Granulated Sugar $ 1 lOOl 8 Bars Lenox Soap 25cy Brass King Wash Boards ., 30c2 Cans Good Corn 1 5c1 lb. Can Royal Baking Powder 45cRoyal Seal Oats per can 1 1c(The Only Oats for Summer)14c60c50c35cStabbed in Street Fight.As the result ot a difficulty whichoccurred on Main street in front of thestore of Samuel Atlas, Saturday afternoon, Fred Beagle, of Leesburg, Harrison county, was stabbed and wounded by Carl Lantern, of the same place.Circumstances which led up to thetrouble could not be ascertained. Theywere seen a short time before, both inan apparently good humor, althoughthey were under the influence of liquor,ye witnesses to the affair state thatas they were wakling along the stieetengaged in a conversation, Beagle isalleged to have struck Lantern.The latter then drew his knife andthe men clinched, while Lantern usedthe blade wittrtelling effect upon hisantagonist. Five wounds were inflicted upon the left shoulder and side ofBeagle, but none of them are of a serious nature.Beagle was taken to the office"of Dr.W. C. Ussery, who dressed his wounds,and he was taken to his home in Leesburg. Lantern was taken into custodyat the corner of High and Seventhstreets by Patrolman U. N. McKenneyand lodged in jail. Sunday morning hewas released upon $350 bond for hisappearance at the examining tiral,which will he held in police court thismorning at 10 o'clock.Pure Hog Lard per lbMason Fruit Jars, qts., per dozMason Fruit Jars, pts., per dozFruit Cans, per dozA Fine Bluegrass Farm.One of the best farms in Bourboncounty will be offered for sale onAugust 22, at 2 o'clock. This farmcontains 226 acres and is well improved. All details can be had by inquiring of Harris & Speakes. The place isthe Walker Muir farm on the Clintonville pike. 6-tf.Summer Goods hi Cost.Our entire stock of summer goods isnow on the market at cost. Comeearly and get some of the choice bargains. HARRY SIMON.Winners in Contest.The Transylvania Company of Lexington has paid $26 in first and secondprizes to pupils of Bourbon countyschools for the best copy books, overa number of others, which were sent toFrankfort to be judged. The iollowing boys and girls are the winners :Book No. 1, school at Clay's CrossRoads. Keid BishoD, $5 ; book No. 4,Denver school, Aileene Neal5; bookNo. 5, school at Ford's Mill, JenningsTaylor. 5 ; bonk No. 7. Deaver school,Gertrude Bramel, S5; Second prizes :Book No.M, Ford's Mill, Annie Webb,$2: book No. b, Ford's Mill, JenningsTaylor, $2; book No. 7, Clay's CrossRoads, Ada Plummer, S2.0neThird Off.Get a new straw hat at 33J discount.2-2t. MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.rf"WE KNOW HOW"Our Entire Stock Ofstraw Hais u PanamasAt 3-3 Di3 lscount, All Shapesand Kinds at The FollowingPrices. CASH.$10.00 Panamas now $6.67$8.00 Panamas now 5.3487.00 Panamas now "..... 4.67$6.00 Panamas now 4.00$5.00 Panamas now 3.34$5.00 Straws now 3.34$4.00 Strawsnow i 2.67$3.00 Straws now 2.00$2.00 Strawsnow 1.34$1.50 Strawsnow 1.00Buy Now While The SelectionIs Large.Mitchell & Blakemore,IOutfitters to MienParis, KentuckyBLUE RIBBON FLOUR25-ib Sack 80c50-lbSack $1.60100-IbSack. $3.20T. C. LENIHAN,Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234.ZMg ON ALL WMtmmtraw HatsANDPanamasmmSpecial PricesONwmmmm&&i3'BOYS' SUITSPRI6E. & 6a Glowersand FurnishersLocalOption Petition Filed.A petition calling for a local optionelection in Montgomery connty has justbeen filed in the county court bv JudgeEd CO 'Rear, attorney for the "drys."The petition covers all fifteen precinctsand contains 1,034 names of lecal voters out of a possible 2,776, or aboutthirty-five per cent. The petition willbe acted upon by County Judge McCormick at the August term of court,which 'convenes the third Monday inthe month. The petition asks for anelection to be held on Monday, September 30.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfCounty Bible School Convention.The Bourbon County Bible SchoolAssociation of the Christian church,will hold its annual convention atClintonville on Thursday, August 8.The exercises will begin at 9:30 o'clockand will conclude with a special service at 8 o'clock p. m., in the interestof the organized classes by the AdultBible 'Class Superintendent, W. J.Clark, of Louisville. Mr. L. A. Soper,of Little Rock, is president of thecounty organization and will havecharge of the program, which is asfollows :MORNING.1. 9:30 to 10, Devotional and Welcome ; Clintonville School.2. lo to 10:15. Bible and BibleSchool ; Address by President L. A.Soper.3. 10:15 to 11. The New GracedBible School; Institute in charge ofState Work.4. 11 to 11:20. Evangelism Throughthe Bible School; Rev. J. W. Ligon,North Middletown School.5. 11:20 to 11:50. A Message fromthe State Worker.6. 11:50 to 12. (a) Determiningthe County Banner, (b) Announcement of Committees.AFTERNOON.7. 1 to 2. Business Session -.Reportsof Schools, Secretaries and Commit-8." 2 to 2:30. A Model Workers'Cenference, Led by State Worker.Educational Period (1) The Valueof the Cradle Roll ; Miss Annie May,Mt. Carmel School. (2) The Valueof the Home Department; Dr. ClayBurroughs, Millersburg School.fl. 3 to 3:15 Trained LeadersThrough Cbss Organization; Rev. W.E. Ellis, of Paris.10. 3:15 to 3:30. The Importanceor Teacner Training; W. O. mnton,Paris School.11. 3:30 to 4. Herbert MoningerMemorial Service; Led by StateWorker.All those who desire to attend theconvention, going by rail, will beprovided with conveyances from therailroad to Clintonville, if they willcommunicate with Mr. Newt. Shopshire at that place.Liiiiiiimmimiiiinnii iiiiiiiiiiii'iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiriiiiiiiiiiriiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiifiiiiiiiuiJMiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiriiiHiyFRANK & COSThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.53.3t iFinal Clean-Up SaleOFLadies' Ready-to-Wear Garments.$25.00 Ladies' Suits, now $ 9.9815.00 Ladies' Suits, now. 5.0035.00 Lingerie Dresses, now. . . ; ' 1 7.5025.00 Lingerie Dresses, now 1 5.0020.00 Lingerie Dresses, now 9.9815.00 Lingerie Dresses, now 7.7510.00 Lingerie Dresses, now 4.9830.00 Silk Dresses, now 1 5.0025.00 Silk Dresses, now 1 2.5020.00 Silk Dresses, now 1 O.OO10.00 Linen Dresses, now 4.98N 7.50 Linen Dresses, now 3.985.00 Linen Dresses, now 2.98All Other Rcady-to-Wcar Garments Reduced in- . - Price - - -FRANK & G' .I Pans, - - Kentucky ISMiTiiiiiiiiiiiii.mmiMiS!iiimmiiiiim AHtiJii", riIf1IfmmmmmmmwMMMMMmmmmn9ec ?, - j.ffn:4 -t v.trr jtTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 6, 1912f:InMI?I1i;j 1Nillff'Iis, above all other things, theremedy for sickly, wasted children. It nourishes and buildsthem up when ordinary foodabsolutely fails. Be sure toget SCOTT'S. AH Druggist..Scott &. Bottiie. IHoomfield. N J 12-13sail i' ' i kt-iHW trassNotice.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.David Hickman's Administrator, --PlaintiffVs. Notice.His Heirs. - - - DefendantsAll 'person holding claims againstthe estate of David Hickman, deceased, are hereby notified to nresent thesame, proven, as required by law, tome at my office at the court house, inParis, Bourbon county, Kentucky.All claims not presented by September 1. 1912. will be barred.C. A. MCMILLAN, M. C. B. C. C.Modern Equipment,4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDWanted.To get in touch immediately with ayoung man, coilege student preferred,in connection with Four States Tourpublicity. Here's work for all summerif you want it. Address, statingqualifications, ALLEN S. MOODY,224 Saks B'l'd'g. Indianapolis, Ind.Some Good AdviceTo the People.Don't sell your old feathers until you find out the prices, Youcan call us and we will look atyour feather, or if you live inthe counrry send us a sample. Iwill let you know what they areworth. Some old feathers if theyhave been well cared for are asgood as new. We pay marketprice for new feathers.MAX MUNIICK,8th Street, PARIS, KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 374AUTO FOR HIRESpecial attention given toparties desiring to hire automobiles. Call on us forpricesTRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Livery, Feed and Sales Stable.Eighth Street Both Phones.NWARBERSHIP, Hot and ColdUATI1S'Hot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thewaae. sso long waits. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.Professional CardsJ jr. wrXiiiiAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.loom 1 Elks Buildinc.JDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones j H'ome( E T 334Residence HQme 334DR. A. H' KELLER,Practicing Physician,Oficefi, Rooms 4 and. 5, Elk's Bld'g.Pwii, - KentuckjTHE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year $2.00 Six Months. .1.00Payable in AdvanceEntered at Postofnce at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar mat! er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.DEMOCRATIC TICKET.For President,HON. WOODROW WILSON,of New Jersey.For Vice-President,HON. THOS. R. MARSHALL,of Indiana.For Congress,HON. J. CAMPBELL CANTRILL,of Scott county.Campaign Fund."A campaign fund contributedwholly by the people, and untainted bya single dollar of contribution from illegal trusts and monopolies!"This is the watchword of Hon.James T. Lloyd, chairman of the National Democratic Conrgesisonal Committee in starting in to raise a campaign fuudlo carry on necessary organizatioon and educational work looking toward the election of Democratsto Congress this fall. The work ofthis committee in the 1910 campaignwas something 'enormous. EveryDemcratic candidate for Congress inthe United States was given valuableassistance, and millions unon millionsof speeches, campaign books, etc.,were dstributed increasing the numberof Democratic workers everywhereand creating a vast amount of Democratic sentiment. The result was theelection or a House of Representatives Democratic by a majority of 65.This committee is confronted with anj even more important campaign, and istoday wholly without funds as a result of its refusal to accede to "easy"money from special interests, whichwould be in a position to expect legislative Javors should their contributions be accepted for campaign purposes. Every reader of thiVarticle can helpthe cause of,JDemocacryand good government bymaking a contribution nowwhile the committee is badly in needot funds. Whether your contributionis large or small, it will be useful.Checks or currency should be sent direct to either James T. Llo.v d, chairman, or H. D. Flocd, treasurer, of theNational Democratic Committee,Washington, D. C. ContributionsIraccb earliest will do the most good.Protectionists Pleas e AnswerThe Republican platform reluctantlvadmits that there has been r n increasein the cost of living in the . UnitedStates, but seeks to exonerate our system of excessive taxation with thestatement that prices have increasedall over the world. This is true, butit is also true that the' increase hasbeen more than twice as great in thiscountry, under Payne-Aldrichism,than in free trade Great Britain.Here is a query that every protectionist in the land is invited to answer :Z The United States official reports ishow that the averagewhol.sale piiceof sugar in London averastd two centsper pound less during the Jaht two!years tharfin New Ycik. The Pajne-;Aldrich tax en sugar is snproximatelytwo centb per pound. In England,sugar goes untaxed. If the differencein price in the two countries is not Jdue to the tariff on sugar, to whatcause is it due?Blu 3 Speaks For Gray.Typifying the spirit which fnow exists between the boys who wore theBlue and the Gray during the CivilWar, John M. Montague, a Confederiate veteran, who Friday applied toCounty Judee Scott, of Fayette countyfor a pension, was given a recommendation and testimony necessary tothe pension being granted by M. R.Cozine, a veteran of the Union Army.The men laughingly recalled the dayswhen they were opposed to each otherin battle, wheniinaking application toJudge Scott foi Montague's pension,and VI r. Cozine assured the Judge thathis present friend and former foe wasia every wav worthy and deserving ofa pension.Deserved Compliment.Col.iRoosevelt in the current issueof thelOutlook pays a deserved compliment to Gov. Woodrow Wilson,when hejgives with his approval thefollowing sentiment expressed by thestandard bearer of the Democraticpartv :"No one pretends to find a reasonfor not voting for Mr. Wilson in thecharacter or in the ideals of Mr. Wilson himself. It is plain that he apDroaches public questions from thepoint of view of the public interest.What he said the otherday in a speechat Atlantic City is a genuine epxressionof his spirit. He was speakingof an issue raised in that place bylawlessness and corruption, of theneed of moral pride, and of the willingness to fight evil at all costs.'There can be,' said Mr. Wilson, 'solong. as we are honest men, no quarterwith any man who deals privately orpublicly in a practice that is outrageous ; a man who lays himself, his life,down for that purpose, ought to diemore happy than he lived. Life is alittle thing. Life lasts only a littlewhile, and if it goes out lighted withthe torch of glory, it is better than ifit had lasted upon a dull level a thousand years. That is the test of manhood, it is the test of humanity,! and itis the glorv and sign of Christianity,that a man lay down his life for another, no matter what the consequences may be to himself, either inthis world or in the next.'"These words, especially as theycame from a man just chosen to receive the highest gift in the, hands ofhis party, presents a view of public service that should acuate all men in public life. They are a pledge of his ownpurpose."So far as the country at largeknows it , Mr. Wilson's record sincehe entered public. life two years agohas not been inconsistent with hislofty purpose or his high character.While in office he has been not onlythe chief executive of his State, butalso the leader of his party in theState."Why Brown Sugar Disappears. Perhaps you have noticed that theold-fashioned brown sugar like ourmothers used to use to cook with,has practically disappeared from themarket.There is a reason. Thia reason consits of & 'joker" in the Payne-Aldnchtaiff law, in the form of Ja color testknown as "Dutch Standard No. 16."When this test wasjfixed it meant thebarring out of the old-fashionedlbrownsugar, cheap'and good, and that is whythis brand of sugar has disappearedfrom the market. Whenever a tariffbill is in the making thejagents of thesugar trust are onghand to see that the"Dutch Standard" is maintained,and they had no diificulfy in gettingthe makers of the Payne-Aldrich lawto acceed to their wishes.Mayo May Lead State Compaign.Natonal Committeeman .Inhn C. C.Mayo may be the Democratic Campaign unairman tins tan. Mr. Mayois not seeking the honor, and it is notknown whether he would accept if itwere offered him: but his selectionhas been suggested by a number ofpominent Democrats in various sections ofthe State, and it is said thevwould not be surprised if the StaleCommittee at its meeting in Louisville August 8 should ask" Mr. Mayoto lead the fight in Kentucky. Theysay the situation micht "be nresenf-pHto him in such a light that he could notwell decline.National Committman Mayo is fullof zeal for the ticket, and will do allin his power to help whether he ischairman or not, and that is one reason why some of the committee thinkhe might be persuaded to assume thebnrden of the organization. Besideshis natural abilitv as an organizer,they say'ho is in touch with the nn-I tional Wilson oranizaion, knows thejworkers personally, is acquainted withtheir plans, and can manage affairs inKentucky in harmony with the generalcampaign.Morality Without Religion.Morality without religion is only akind of dead reckoning an endeavorto find our place on a cloudy sea bymeasuring the distance we have run,but without any observation of theheavenly bodies. Longfellow.CURIOUS BITSOF HISTORYTHE FINEST TOMB IN THEWORLD.By A. W. MACY.The most magnificent mausoleum in the world is at Agra,India. It was built by Emperor Shah Jehan, In the seventeenth century, in honor ofhis favorite queen. It is builtentirely of marble and brick,and is adorned internally with,exquisite mosaics of preciousstones. The total cost was morethan $15,000,000. Twenty-two thousand men, drivenlike slaves, labored for seventeen years, through tropicalrains and torrid summer heat,to erect this marvelous tomb.Hundreds of them perished, butothers took their places. Thecost was so great that the revenues were depleted, and thepeople rose in rebellion. Theemperor's son usurped thethrone, and during the last sevenyears of his life the emperorlooked out upon the splendidmausoleum from a prison window. He was not allowed to enter It while living, but now hisbody rests beneath its dorrc.(Copyright, 1911, by Joseph B. Bowles.)THOUSANDSTAKEIs The Big Feature of the HorseShow At Kentucky StateFair In September ,FAMOUS HORSES WILL BE SEENThis Big Event is for Five-Gaited Saddle Horses Under Three Years OldThirteen Nominations HaveBeen Made.The horse show, as usual, will be afeature at the Kentucky State Fairthis year. The list of events to bedecided during the week of the fair isheaded by the $1,000 stake for iivegaited saddle horses, three-year-oldsand over, entries to which closed July1. With the exception of one otherstake of the same value this is therichest. saddle horse stake to be contested in America this year and because of this fact the entries closedJuly 1 with thirteen nominations, thelargest number ever entered forthis stake. Of the thirteen nominations made they represent elevenowners and it is certain that at leasteleven will be shown in the big stake,which will be decided Friday night ofthe fair. Among those who nominatedin the rich prize are Powhattan Wool'ridge, Louisville, one entry; P. W.Ray, Bowling Green, two entries; TheUndulata Farm of Col. Harry Weissinger of Shelby ville, two entries; BallBrothers, Verstilles, one entry; Collins & Redmond and Allie G. Jones,North Middletown, one entry each; J.L.'Nichol & Son, Woodburn, one entry; Mrs. Richard Tasker Lowndes,Danville, one entry; Robert E. Moreland, Lexington; Hickman & Ormsby.Louisville, and Matlack & Shropshire,Winchester, one entry each.While the horses to be shown willnot be named until September 1st, thelist of eligibles include such star performers as Kentucky's Choice, NicollPlate, Maud King, Roosevelt, Nazimna, Undulata Chief, Major Dare, SadieMacey, Hazel Dawn, Rexall Prince,Princess V, and others of equal merit.While the entries to the big stakeclosed July 1 with thirteen nominations the nominators did not have tomake known the name of their startersin the race until the night of September 1, thirteen days in advance ofthe date of the stake, and previous tothat time nominators have the privilege of disposing of their nominationsto other owners. With this conditionit is expected that several of theprominent saddle horse pwners of theEast will take advantage of an opportunity of purchasing a nominationfrom one of those who have made twonominations to the stake with a viewof getting their horses in the stake.In fact should any owner decide before September 1 that his eligible wasnot in condition to compete for thestake he will have an opportunity ofdisposing of his nomination to another, and as many of the most famoussaddlers each season are usually developed between July 1 and September1 it is certain the $1,000 stake will becontested for by the best in the country. Other events for three and fivegaited saddle horses as well as forlight harness horses insures the horseshow at the State Fair this year willprove one of the greatest attractionsin the history of the fair. ji-:"RICH PRIZE FOR BOYWho Wins the Judging Contest si thJjKentucky State Fair Sept. 9-14.With a view of further encouragement to the farmer boys of Kentuckyto gain a scientific knowledge of agriculture the State Fair managementhas again this year made arrangements for a renewal of the Students'Judging Contest, which has proved sopopular in the past, and a scholarshipin the agricultural college of the StateUniversity, carrying with it $100 incash, will be offered for the best judgeof several classes. The contest willconsist of rings for horses, cattle,sheep and swine exhibited at the StateFair and written statements are to bepresented by each contestant settingforth his reasons for tho decisionsreached by him.The contest this year will be underthe personal supervision of Prof. J.J. Hooper, Professor of Animal Husbandry of the Kentucky State University at Lexington, and it is his purpose to devote much of his time from'now until the date of the fair in working up interest among the farmer boysof the state in the event. Inasmuchas the farmer boys of Kentucky areproud of their ability to correctlyjudge a horse or other farm animal,much interest is always manifested inthis contest and as many applicationsfor entry blanks have been receivedby Secretary Dent this year it is expected that keen rivalry will existamong several hundred young menand boys the week of the fair, September 9-13. Any boy who wishes to enter the contest can secure an application blank by applying to J. L. Dent,Secretary of the State Fair, Room 320,Paul Jones Building, Louisville, andall information relative to the contestwill be forwarded to the applicantwith the entry blank.ONETHE SECRET OFDo not cap the springs o U- ;-- itntion cf Nature's method csthe accumulation czpcwonuji.uxw-,--. . , d cnd nervOBS strength 13restoring waste ot tissue and Poveris-n -" w i Cc!da Seal and Oregonto take an cltcrttlvs tfyc-r '- w -V ' ' --; - , hhcrrybarfc. Over 40 yearjgrape root, Bwccrout, &.ne ays Xlh? Dr. pie'5 Gt'deacdo Dr. Pierce Saw to V o ii3 rcraedj , ..-ica ..- -a ..Medical D:soo.c. . - - - l:tiv;v thereby thrcvin out the poisons irommerits from food, bun T.sLc, t-.-0 acJ1"; ' . u s ,jia7irig unJ Cuctbing a cough.the blood and vitt.V..ni the wSole sj led c r VcrsLfd. nr.d having vrhnt wcNo one cvsr :i-s cori uuic-w soUp'ted, or c. ..-.. - :mD0.erished bloodff. 'TR':V TO V V'V. fcWW Sf.ct tncito, -- -,f ;:-.. -CII c.Ji .r-c r . C?" 'iJ 1 1vVtjv- "5 "rI ftUtJrsrw-Th. , 'K. V. x'icrca, Euffhlo.3S hS health.$Irs. 0us:t.M l-,J IfCORTRIGHTfy'AW&i&WMIIIgood wood shingle, and in some places they cost much less.Roofs put on 26 years ago are as good as new today, and have never needed repairs.For Sale by Miller &5U2asu2a;TWINClothingAH the Latest Ideas inSPRINGNow OnLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.I 1Why not you join the great army ofcustomers and burns&s mteMI Now is the time toirHAlMF& w5Dodson & Dentonm5P3k sr'Q&&sstiQSsSfessstf&rasgaaaaCumberland telephone and telegraph eompuiyINCOBPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local pnn.LONG DISTANCE, use the Cumberland Bourbon County Exchanges atParis;- Millersburg, North Middletown, Little RockRuddles Mills.-When you have Cumberland service youHA:Vjdi telephone service."Cumberland Telephone and Telegraph. '''-. Company3L4?PMx LXX'&i; ..:.. ,CS3 irS'STThe "MsJovery" is an allu'SV'wWch'rcsfores tone to the Wood, nerves endLV,"' i-v W?ai Nature's methods of restonna waste1CZC.Z.?. iS uavtj,.w o--. - - X. 0nAnlrlM Tnr7rt ?larfc rt t-o tv "Ed fou.: tr.nereni doctors ar.d nc didN . . hJ-icnt others said I would haveMi-watoht to M JW Minds.MtlALf SHINGLESjlaid rightover old woodShingles2. No dirt no bother, and when oncelaid they make a thoroughly stonn-prooiand fire-proof roof, neither of which canbe claimed for the wood shingle.As to price they cost no more than aBest, MiIlersburg,'Ky.BROS.,DepartmentCLOTHiSDisplaytry a load.KYamir v. -OpfSiv.vi1,1,mTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 6,' ' n v r - . ?-.--:?" ,t: . ' 1 " " - ' '- " Jl " " "1912.Kentucky Fair Dates.The following tire the dates fixeo forholdingthe Kentucky fairs for 1912 asfar as reported. Officer of fairs arerequested to report to us anv omissionsor correction of dates.Somerset September 4, four daysBerea August 1, three days.Taylorsville August 6, four daysUniontcwn August 6, fire days".Winchester August 7, four days.Danville August 7, three davs.Mt. Vernon August 7. three days.Veisaiiles August 7, three days.Lexington Bluegi ass Fair, August12, six days.Fern Ceek August 13, four days.Leitchfield August 13. four days.Vanceburg August 14, four days.Brodhead August 14, three days.Hardinsburg August 20, three days.Shepberdsville August 20, four days.Lawrenceburg August 20,four days.Columbia August 20, four days.Erlanger August 21, four days.Emincnce August 22, four days.Stanford Augu?t 21, three days.Ewing August 22, thee days.Shelbvville August 27, four days.Hodgenvillc August 2, four davs.London August 27, three days.Nicholasville August 27, three days.Fulton August 28, four days.Germantown August 28, four days.Dover August 28, four days.Springfield August 28, four days.Florence August 28, four days.Franklin August 29, three days.Elizabethtjwn September 3, threedays.PARIS, September 3. five days.Tompkinsville Spetember 4, fourdays.Borboursville September 4, threedays.Bardstown September 4, four days.Bowling Green September 4, lourdays.Sanders Tri-County Fair, September 4, four days.Monticelio September 3, fcur days.Louisville State Fair Sept. 9. sixdavs.Melbourne September 17, five days.Horse .Cave September 18,davs.four !EXCURSIONParis, Ky., toCincinnati,And Return.9SUNDAY, AUGUST II, 1912,Fare $150 And Return.Excursion Train leaves 7thStreet Station Returning to Parisat 7 p. m.Tickets good londay ofsal. e yFor further information, call on orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent.-" or J. K. SMITH, T. A.23S2xv3J7r.Ty.rp1rM:rIs&GlftSQIWRIAT!m Ba m an un na m nnH &rJmt iA..1 SffiHday. August 11 i$ , ul Round mMlW4-4Mi r 3jl SPECIAL TRAIN ILvsB GEORGETOWN 7s45 a.m. JI ASK TICKET AGENTS FOR PARTICULARS. 1rtSflrWK$ ' Hi mmt ' 'i1 CHARLIE WHITEM00N, the Cow Boy HerbalistI sl 3729-31 W. Broadway, Louisville, Ky,I Deep down in every human heart lies a NATURAL desire for NATURE'S medicines, Roots & Herbs.' Too long have the secrets of nature been neglected, too long have people disregarded God's promises. Mod-I era doctors think only of "operations" & strong drugs, while human suffering & deaths from disease in-i crease rapidly every year. Health is natural, disease unnatural. My years of experience as a Cow-boyf & among the Indians give me a peculiar fitness & knowledge of the powers of Roots & Herbs as medicines,my remedies have cured & are curing Blood Poison, Lung Trouble, Kidney, Bladder, Liver, Female & SkinI diseases Rheumatism, Dropsy, Catarrh, Nervous & Stomach Troubles that were pronounced incurable by theht doctors I want to PROVE this to the world & to any one asking, I will mail the greatest book of its!,:. nr. rM,T,i?c-hnri entitle "THE7 .n.imA cci j;uuiuvu ....- .I the blessings of perfect health, your tiuty aemanas mat .yuu nwoiiuAixi .lux ixanvis. au letters ofI inquiry promptly answered.1 v COM-CEL-SAR is the name of my great TONIC, BODY-BUILDER, composed of 16 Roots '& Herbs,2 makes ? full auarts of medicine, lasts about 3 months, costs only one dollar & is LEGALLY GUARANTEEDI to satisfy THE PURCHASER or money refunded. COM-CEL-SAR is sold BY ALL DRUGGISTS & DEAL-ERS IN MEDICINE for the nerves, stomach, liver, kidneys, bowels, bladder & blood. rA household remedymost excellent. Ask for COM-CEL-SAR; if your druggist hasn't got it or won't get it, I WILL FILL YOURif CHARLIE WHITE-MOON'SI SKIN ONLY, guaranteed to satisfyhiij Mm nil mlinlpsalc dealers.plied iltru all wholesale dealers.F.Should Convince EveryReader.ParisThe frank statement of a neighbor,telling the merits of a remedv,Bids you pause and believedThe same endorsementBy some stranger far awavCommands no belief at all."Here's a Paris case.A Paris citizen testifies,Read and be convinced.Mrs. (J. M. Taylor, Eighth and WestSts., Paris,. Ky., says: "Doan's Kidney Pills have done us a great deal ofgood and we recommend them ' strongly. One of my children 'suffered for along time fromkdney diisease and hadbut little control over the kidney secretions. We tried everything but without success until Doan's Kidney Pillswere given a rial. They did immediategood and before long they effecteda uermanen cure."For sale bytall dealers. Piice 50cents. Foster Milburn Co., Buffalo,New Yoik, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the name Doan's andtake no other.ftn tasy one.Al De Mustahd Your wife's costume tonight is charming. It simplybeggars description. Justin De Bunch.And that reminds me of a conundrumwhy am I like description?Almost Lost His Life.S. A. Stid, of Mason, Mich., willnever forget his terrible exposure to amerciless storm. "It gave me a dreadful cold," he writes. "that caused severe pains in my chest, so that it washard for mts to breathe. A neighborgave me several dose of Dr. King'sJNew Discovery which brought greatrelief. The doctor said I was on .theverge of pneumonia, but to continuewith the Discovery. I did so and twobottles completely cured me." Useonly this quick, safe, reliable medicinefor coughs, colds or any throat or lungtrouble. Price 50c and SI. 00. Trialbottle free. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.Still Believe in Witches.There is a certain walnut tree nearBenevento, in Italy, around which thewitches are -said to gather on certainnights; and many a peasant of theCampagna believes that the witchesassemble on midsummer nights amidthe ruins of the Roman Forum, wherethey turn themselves into huge blackcats. As one proceeds east the superstitions of the ignorant thicken andmultiply. India is full of supernaturaltraditions and fantasies.Mr. W. S. Gunsalus. a farmer livingnear Fleming, Pa., says he has usedChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy in his family for fifteen years' and that he has found it tobe an excellent remedy, and takespleasure in recommending it. For saleby all dealers.Aft?r tvKmi nn un nu n tin nil noPISPROO3eSEB3BSa3HiGOD'S HERBS & ROOTSJLBsole says-. s9 $k it j 1g v "n '.Is being prwst every IICOW-BOY HERBALdbT." absolutely- ., TxnrncimTn'SCIENCE SOPEis made of PURE VEGETABLE 'OILS FOR HUMANor money refunded, zoc or. 3 bars 25c at all dealers. Retail, who are supr$100 Reward $100.The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that science hasbeerf able to cure in all its stages, andthat "is Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Cureis the only positive cure now known tothe medical fraternity. Catarrh being a constitutional disease, requires aconstitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, actingdirectly upon the blood and mucoussurfaces of the system, thereby destroying the foundation of the disease,aud giving the patient strength bybuilding up the constitution and assisting nature in doing its work. TheDroprietors have so much faith in itscurative powers that they offer OneHundred Dollars for any case that itfails to cure. Send for list of testimonials. Address F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. Rather Neat Rejoinder.A Frenchman, dining at the dukeof Richmond's, bored the company byboasting that his country was first ineverything, and supreme in fashions.Ruffles were then in vogue, andmonsieur claimed that France deserved the credit for introducingthem. "That is true," said GeorgeSelwyn, "but England improved themgreatly by adding a shirt to them."fie Won't Limp Nov.No more limping for Tom Moore,of Cochran. Ga., "1 had a bad soreon my instep lhat nothing seemed tohelp till I used fBucklen's ArnicaSalve," he writes, "but this wonderful healer scon cured me." Heals oldrunning sores, ulcers, boils, burns,cuts, bruises, eczema or piles. Try it.Only 25c at Oberdofer's.The Most Original Authors.The most original modern authorsare not so because they advance whatis new, but simply because they knowhow to put what they have to say asif it had never been said before.Goethe.One of the most common ailmentsthat hard working people are afflictedwith is lame back. Apply Chamberlain's Liniment twice a day and massage the parts thouioughly at each application, and you will get relief. Forsale by all dealersHeight of Selfishness.Some men are so selfish that if theywere living in a haunted house theywouldn't be willing to give up theghost. Florida Times Union.A vast amount" of ill health is due toimpaired indigestion. When the stomach fails to perform its fuuctions properly the whole system becomes derailed. A few doses of Chamber-lains Tablets is all you need. Thevwill strengthen your digestion, invigorate youi liver, and regulate yourbowels, entirely doing away withthat miserable feeling due to faulty dieestion. Try it. Many others havebeen permanently cured why not you?For sale bv all dealers.1Nut-Picking Aid.Place pecans in a pan, and pou?boiling water over them; let thcrn star Ifor a while, then crack. The meatscan be easily removed from tl:o shells."Were all medicines as meritoriousas Chamberlain's Colic. Cholera andDiarrhoea Remedy the world would bemuch better off and the percentage ofsuffering greatly decreased." writesLindsay Scott, of Temple, Ind. Forsale bv all dealers. " . . , . jWhy Is This?"When a woman misses a street carshe laughs. When a man does thesame thing he scowls. Why is this?Are women gamer losers than, men?mi 1 "i9KfIiiIn1JsItree. It you are not eniovine- ATT,mm Tiir-Tr rvr i-riim . .. "Qf IFAIR IS UNDERTWENTY HEADSKentucky's Big Show Is DividedInto Departments UnderEfficient ChiefsTHE ORGANIZATION IS IDEALMember of Board of Agriculture to bein Charge of Each Branch of WorkAssisted by Competent Superintendent. Twenty departments have been arranged for at the Kentucky State Fairthis year and each department will bepresided over by a member of theState Board of Agriculture, and in addition to the various departments having the personal supervision of a member of the board each has been provided with a competent superintendent, thus insuring to exhibitors andvisitors alike careful attention. Thefollowing is the manner in whichthe departments have been arranged and the member of the boardand the superintendent in charge ofeach: Horses, Commissioner J. W.Newman, member in charge, R. H.Lillard, Lawrenceburg, superintendent; Mules and Jack Stock, JamesM. Terry, Cynthiana, member, GuthrieI. Wilson, Bardstown, superintendent; Beef Cattle, R. J. Bassett,Leitchfield, member, W. R. Moorman,Jr., Glendean, superintendent; DairyCattle, M. A. Scovell, Lexington, member, E. A. Farra, Nicholasville, superintendent; Swine, J. L. Letterle, Harrids Creek, member, L. C. Owings,Jeffersontown, superintendent; Sheepand Goats, H. M. Froman, Ghent, member, W. T. Chilton, Campbellsburg,superintendent; Poultry and Pigeons,J W. Newman, member, J. L. Gribble,Louisville, superintendent; Vegetablesand Melons, J. L. Letterle, member,Charles Scholtz, Jr., Louisville, superintendent; Field Seed and Grain, G.N. McGrew, Bayou, member, H. C.Lovelace, Boston, superintendent; Tobacco, James M. Terry, member, JudgeFrank P. Sebree, Carrollton, superintendent; Horticulture, Fred R. Blackburn, Stanton, member, W. H. Clayton,Hebron, superintendent; Woman's Department, G. N. McGrew, member,Mrs. H. S. Vansant, Frankfort, superintendent; Farming Implements, R. J.Bassett, Leitchfield, member, F. M. McKee, Versailles, superintendent; Forestry and Minerals, Fred R. Blackburn, member, George S. Lee, Carrollton, superintendent; StudentsJudging Contest, J. W. Newman, member, Prof. J. J. Hooper, Lexington, superintendent; Education, H. M. Froman, Ghent, member, Mrs. John L.Woodbury, Louisville, superintendent;Dairy Products, Fred R. Blackburn,number, Prof. J. J. Hooper, Lexington, superintendent. For the department for plants and flowers C. R. Vanlueter, of Lebanon, will be the memberin charge and he will also be in chargecf the racing department, while in thedog department Prof. M. A. Scovellwill be the member having direct supervision. Already the members in charge ofthe various departments as well as thesuperintendents have gone to work toassist Secretary Dent and AssistantSecretary L. B. Shropshire in arranging for the exhibits in their departments and from now until the gatesare thrown open to the public themorning of Monday, September 9,these officials will be kept busj1- completing the details for the big show.BENCH SHOW A FEATUREOf Kentucky State Fair Will Probably Be Greatest Dog DisplayEver Seen in State.Perhaps the biggest and best dogshow ever seen in Kentucky, will bewitnessed at the Kentucky State Fairthe week of September 9-14. Heretofore the dog show feature of the StateFair has been confined exclusively tocollies, but this year the managementhas decided to have a bench show forall breeds of dogs, and to that end dogdog fanciers throughout the state havebeen invited to participate in the show.Since the invitations were first issuedby the management through the pressseveral weeks ago many of the fanciers in every section of the statebave joined the movement to makethis feature of the fair a success. Itis doubtful if there is a bred of dogknown ,to this section of the countythat is not bred and raised in Kentucky, and it is the purpose of the officials of the fair to have every breedrepresented. For several years thebreeders of dogs, other than collies,have endeavored to interest the management of the State Fair in a benchshow that would include all breeds.The bench show will be under the personal supervision of a man who is wellversed in the breeding of dogs, andvaluable prizes will shortly be named,to be distributed to the winners in thevarious classes.The show will be held under therules of the American Kennel Club. Abench show with the approval of theAmerican Kennel Club will more thanlikely attract high-class dogs fromNew York, Chicago and all parts of1 i vBlue Grass FairSix Big Days and Nights, CommencingMonday, Aug. 1 2,America's Greatest Horse Show5 Big Saddle Horse StakesRunning and HarnessRaces DailyInnes Band of AmericaSensational Pree Acts DailyThe Greater Parker Shows .&See the Big Floral Parade toe First DayReduced Rates on AH RoadsFor Catalog or further information addressJOHN W BAIN, Secretary,U & N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.Trains ArriveNo. ' FROM34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5 21amLexington, Ky., Daily .7.7.7.7. 4 34am29 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday ". .7. " . 7 35 am7 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday ; . 7 38 am10 Rowland, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday . . 7 55 am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ' 8.12 am"37 Cincinnati, O., DBily g 5Q am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday.'.'.'.'..'.'.'."..'...'.'... io.V0 am12 Lexington, Ky, Daily Y.'.'. .. .'.10.15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10 24 am26. Lexington, Ky . , Daily Except Sunday ..... .' .' .' . . . ." .' " . . .' " 12.00 am25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 Dm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pm138 Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3 34 pm38 Knoxville.enn.. Daily 3 25 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily .'.'.".7"".".......5'2o pm39 Cincinnati, O. , Daily Except Sunday 5 40 pm30 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6 03 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.03 am32 Jacksonville. Fla., Daily 6 05 pm31 Cincinnati, O. , Daily 7.7. .7.7. 10 :50 pmTrains IDe-psirtNo. TO84 Cincinnati. O., Daily ." 5.28 am4 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday ...'. '. '. '. . . . . .' . . . . . . . . " . "5 .'35 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 am10 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday : 8.20 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 ara33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily WW. ... 1024 am133 Lexington, Ky. , Daily WWW. ....... .10.27 am6 Maysville, K., Daily 12.05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.34 pm3S Cincinnati. 0., Daily 3.4Q pm9 Rowland, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday W. '. '. W. . . . ! . o'o2 pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.57 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.10 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.7. .6.15 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.25 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.55 pm13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily , 10.57 pIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trains ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.40 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 "pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10. 00 pmTrairis 3De;pa,rtDTo. TO1 61 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only 6.20 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday 9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky DailyExcept Sunday 5.52 amuick Detachableti sM ftOincherW FULL v . V" 'WSmJ ROUND SHAPE Vw'''-SM STRONG wVggm?VA RESILIENT RbV-1DURABLE M&8SWEasily Fits Any Quick Detachable RimNo Tools RequiredIN STOCK BYYERKES &Corner Fourth25,033 in Pen'jTijSplendid Display of EveryClass of Live StockLexington, Ky.PRICHARDand Pleastant5i!Hiftt.lloII the country.un1 1iV' ' A"JV 4v.i.J-vTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 6, 1912a1 .UH H5"J ft3KtfIJfiIK.KWiftfV2BJK1KpIfX t.,-1. dh.IHh F&S-t -lufllSVBBHMBBBSlDSCROHBlBHBsIB bbWWWfa?- ' i-rfSJ? " '3FL9BSES9HlwB9nBwlH59flBH bbWe have now added to our already complete equipment thelatest invention in a Collar finishing machine! On this machine,the operator places a collar over a circular steel band, as shown inthe picture above, which fits into a steam heated groove, and bypressing the collar firnily for a few seconds simply moulds it intoperfect shape. It is the only machine on the market which spreadsthe Collar so there is ample space for your tie to slip and whichgives your linen a 50 per cent, longer life because it eliminates allfriction and absolutely does away with cracking and rough edges.To demonstrate the fact that this machine will not .tear orwear your linen, an ordinary collar was subjected to 25,000 consecutive pressings and showed no signs of wear.We will be delighted to have you call and see the machinein operation, also many other improved devices which we haveadded in our endeavor to sec the Blue Grass standard for qualityLaundry Work,BOURBON LAUNDRYDAVIS & FUNK, Props."Where:Phones No. 4.nCurtis Henry & Co.,Groceries, Drygoods, Fresh and CuredMeats, Vegetables, Fruits, Etc.If it comes from Henry's it's all right,because they handle the best and freshestthe markets afford. Their store is clean, freefrom flies, and evrything is handled in a sanitary way. When you deal with them youget polite attention and prompt delivery, noextra charge for either.Call either 'phone 442, and they will beglad to serve you.CURTIS HENRY CO.LCor. 1 4th and Main IohmihmimmmIHow Much Have YouSaved In the LastTen Years ?At 3 Per Cent.In Ten Years aDeposit WithThis Bank of$1,00 a month amounts to $138.72$5.00 a month amounts to- $693.72Start NowOpen an Account with Us Today.toe AgriculturlCapitalSurplus$100,00.00 $67,500.00IBBHMaiVWS WWqu;, nv SCustomers. Ii ii ii i iiBiiiiiiiin m linn I mm &ttgt&mziirTLmzzrjimM m.Linen Lasts"Paris, Ky.iBank of Paris.Protection$267,500.00f rParis Blanks Colts. ,,Paris scored a vctory over the Coltsyesterday afternoon at White Park,winning by a ssore of 9 to 0. Hauseiwent in to pitch for Paris, but whenthe locals sewed up the contest in thefirst two innings, he was relieved byMonroe, who finished the game.The Bourbonites pounded two of theLexington pitchers, compelling Embry to retire from the game in thefifth inning. Mack was substitutedbut the game had already been neatlytucked awav. &'Monroe pitched masterly ball during the seven innings he was on themound, allowing but four scatteredhits- , . , AThe Bourbonies took a good lead mthe first inning, when four hits, threestolen bases and an error anowea iourruns. TWO nits, two sioieu uaseu anua sacrifice, counted two more. In thefifth inning Guhl put the ball over thecenter field fence for a home run. andanother was added in the seventh on apass and a single.During the game the visitors failedto get a man as far as third base.Two men reached second, two weroforced at second and one at third.The Bourbonites fielded well throughout the game, Guhl covered considerable territory in left, having five putouts to his credit.Today the locals will go to Maysville, where they will meet the Rivermen in a double-header and will alsoDlav there tomorrow. Returning homeThursdav they will meet Frankfort andgo to the Capital City Friday. Saturday the locals will be at home withthe Lawmakers land play a doubleheader wih Richmond Sunday.FRIDAY.! Paris won easily from the Colts inthe game here Friday, taking the contest by a score of 9 to 5. Popkin,' anex-Hourbonite, essayed to pitch for thevisitors, but his offerings were i drivento the lour corners of the lot. Applegate, for Paris, held the Colts withouta run for six innings, when he slackened his speed and only exerted himself in pinches. Practically all ofthe hits secured by the visitors camein the last three innings.SATURDAY.Paris journeyed to Lexington Saturdflv and hv thp. close score of 5 to 4,won from the Colts. The locals couldI . . . .-. r..n.. ua.t-not hit Turner very suceessiujiv. uuttheir hits came at the time when I heywere most needed, which coupled witha few costly errors, made victory surefor Paris. Monroe was on the rubberfor Paris, but was taken out in theeighth for Dunlap to bat for him, andHauser finished the game. Lockestarred with the bat, getting tnreehits out of five times at bat, a home'run, a double and a single.SUNDAY.In a double header at White ParkSnnday afternoon, Paiis took bothgames from the Orphans, winning m thefirst by a score of 6 to 5 and administered a complete shut-out to the visitors in the last game, which went seveninnings, during which theBourbonitesscored three runs. The first gamelooked like an easy victory for Parisuntil the latter innings when the Orphans hit Dunlap freely and stackedup a number of runs. Only fast fielding saved the game, Chapman made along running catch in the seventh inning with two on bases, doubling aman at second, retiring the side without a run. The locals took advantageof several errors in the opening stagesand connected with Funk's slants attimely intervals. In the last contestApDleagte held the visitors complptelyat his mercy and not until the finalround did he allow a man to hit intosafe territory. The locals hitFunk,who was also on the mound in the closing event, at times when their driveswere most needed.MATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was issued yesterday to Mr. Edward Spears Pendleton, of Paris, and Miss Mvrtle Cotes,of Berea.KyStock Market Exceedingly ActiveConsiderable activity was rioted yesterdav in the stock market, Augustcourtofferings being heavier than thatof the past several months. Therewere about 1,20(3 sheep on the jmarjket, about half of which sold at pricesranging from 40.00 to $45.00 per headwhile UDward of 400 head of cattlewere offered, the majority of whichchanged hards.The offerings of work stock wereexceedingly light but there was littledemand for this class at the presentseason and there were not more thantwenty mules on the market, the majority of which went unsold.At the pen? of M. J. Murphy & Co.one thousand sheep were offered andmore than half ot that numberchanged hands at from 4.00 to 450per head. Two hundred head of cattle were on the market at the MurphyDens, the majority of which foundready sales at S6 to $6.50 per hundred.Caywood & McClintock sold a bunchof sixty head to W. S. Jones, of NorthMiddletown. for $50.00 per head andthirty head each to Charlton Clay andBuchanan & Davis at the same price.They sold a bunch cf thirty head ofsheeD to Lee Penn for $5 per head.This firm also disposed of six head ofmules to Chas. Thompson, of Lexington for the sum of $630.'The crowd yesterday was exceedingly small owing to the extremelybusy season, farmers being detainedathome with tobacco and other cropsand the SDlendid season now offeredcannot be overlooked. However, business in all branches was brisk andmerchants over the city report a livelytrade.Almost Lost His Life.S. A. Stid, of Mason, Mich., willnever forget his terrible exposure to amerciless fcstoim. "It gave me a dreadful cold." he writes. "that caused severe pains in mv chest, so that it washard for me to breathe, A neighnurgave me several dose of Dr. King'sNew Discovery which brought groatrelief. The doctor said I as on theverge of pneumonia, but to continuewith the Discovery. I did so and two jbottles completely cured me." Useonly this quick, safe, reliable medicinefor coughs, colds or any throat or lungtrouble.- Price 50c and $1.00. Trialbottle free. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.National Progressive Party Born.The National Progressive party tookits placejn the arena of American politics yesterdav when its first Nationalconvention assembled at the Coliseum,in Chicago, where the Republican National convention was held sevenweeks ago.Col. Theodore Roosevelt, sponsorfor the party, arrived in Chicago yesterday morning but did not attend thefirst session ot the convention ; he willdeliver his "confession of faith" today. Former Senator Albert J. Beveridge, of Indiana, was elected temporary chairman of the convention, after Senator Dixon had called the assemblage to order and eraser hadbeen offered.Seuator Beveridge wasfgreeted withlong cheers and delivered his keynotespeech brsitling with the most advanced ideas of prgressivism.The floor of the big convention hallwas crowded and the galleries, slow tofill at first, held but comparativelytew'emptv seats when the conventiongot uuder way shortly before 1 o'clock.The delegates were most enthusiastic, frequently interrupting the proceedings with cheers and aDplause.The Kentucky delegation "electedthe following :Chairman of defecation, Brutus J.Clay.Resolutions Committee, Henry Coe.National Committeman, LeslieCombs.Vice Chairman, Eskridge, Fourthdistrict.Credentials Committee, Calloway,Third district.Rules Committee, PhiliD, First district. Committee to notify nominee forPresidnet, Krieger, First district.Committee to r-otify nominee forVice President, Shipley. Tenth district. Joueft New Assistant Counsel.Mr. E. S. Jouett, of Wincheser, hasbeen appointed Assisant GeneralCounsel of the Louisville and NashvilleRailroad to succeed Judge W. G. Dearing, of Flemingsburg, who i recentlyresigned. The appointment was madeFriday by Col. H. S. Stone, ChiefCounsel .of the railroad company, gMr. Jouett will have charge of theinterests of the railroad comDany 'inEastern Kentucky, and may be required to locate in Louisville. Theappointment becomes effective September 1. The position carries with itan annual salary ot $5,000 per year.Mr. Jouett, who is one of the bestknown lawyers in this section of theState, is the father of Mrs. WithersDavis, of Paris.DEATHS.TOOHEYLittle'Frank Tooheytwo years old,died Saturday morning " at 10 o'clockatjhe residence of Mr. and Mrs. JohnToohey, on the Hume and Bedfordpike, after anjllness of.'cholrea infantum. The baby's father, Mr. FrankToohey, died about two years ago atthe same place.' Mrs. Toohey lives inCincinnati and came to visti her brother-in-lawlour weeks ago.The funeral took place at the Catholic Church Sunday afternoon at 4o'clock, conducted by Rev. FatherO'Dwyre. Burial at the Catholic cemetery.RASH.Mrs. Margaret Rash, aged 60years, died at St. Joseph's Honsital,in Lexington, Fridav afternoon, aboutsix o'clock, after a long illness.Mrs. Rash was removed from herhome near North Middletown severalweeks ago to undergo treatment. Several days ago she developed a severecase of pneumonia and gradually grewweaker until death ended her sufferings. Mrs. Rash was the widow of Jthe lateMr. G. W. Rash, a well known farmerand stockman of the North Middletownneighborhood. Before her marriage toMr. Rash she was Miss Margaret Arnold, of North Middletown.She is survived by three daughters,Mrs. Thomas Morris, of Pan's; Msr.Gilbert Cook, of North Middletown,and Mrs. J. H. Kimbrough, of Lexington ; and three sons Messrs. Hedges,Bert and Magnus Rash, all of NorthMiddletown. Mr. Rash was also themother of Mr. E. F. Rash, who died inLeixngton several weeks ago.The funeral took place flrom thefamily residence at North Middletown,Sundav afternoon at three o'clock.Services by Eld. J. W. Ligon, assistedby Eld. L. H. Reynolds. Burial inthe North Middletown cemetery.The pall bearers were : W. S."Jone3,H. C. Smith, E. K. Thomas, Dr. FrankFithian, C. H. Meng, John T. Collins.Notice.All customers not having settledtheir July accounts are respectvullyrequested to call and do so at once,Respectfullv,6-tf MISS JESSIE BROWN.School Trustees Elected.The election of trustees in the several educational districts in Bourboncounty took place Satuiday, whichresulted in nine of the districts beingsupplied. Those elected were as follows :Educational Division No. 1, Sub district 1 D. C. Lisle.Educational Ditsrict No. 2, Sub district 5 Thomas Padgett.Educational Division No. 3, Sub district 3 Horace Purdy, Sub district 6Nicholas Rankin.Educational Division No. 4, Sub district 3 Mrs. J. J. Ockerman.Educational Division No. 5 Sub district 1 G. L. Rice; sub district 2 J.VV. Turner.Educaional Division No. 6. Sub district 1 K. S. Darnaby ; Sub district2 J. T. Ingels.The County Board of Education helda meeting at the office of Miss MabelRobbms, m the court house yesterday,and selected Mr. Ora Collier as trusteefrom Division No. 1, Sub district 4;Mrs. Albert Mitchell, Sub district 1;W. E. Stillwell, Division No. 6 Subdistrict 3 ; F. E. White, Sub district 9.For these sub districts no electionswere held.The board ratified the contracts forthe buildings at the Hill school,Clavsville and North .Middletown.' andconfirmed the sale of the school property in Clavsville.Owl Nest Organized Here.Mr. Moses R. Glenn, State'organizerof the Order of Owls, with the degreeteam of the Lexington Nest No. 1503.initiated a class into the secrets ofOwldom at the K. P. Hall in the Varden building Friday evening.The class numbered sixty-seven andwas oneoOf the'largest tolbeli nstitutedinto a neBt in the history of the orderin tha fafn Tho T.ovinortnn nPlfiffation which conducted the work wasvery efficient and performed the dutiesimposed upon it in an admirable fashion. At the conclusion of the initiatory exercises the following officerswere'elected to serve during the ensuing year :Paat President Wm. Kenney.President Pearce Paton.Vice President Dr. J. O, Marshall.Invocater W.fE. Gentry.Secretary P. J. McCord.Treasurer W .A. Wallen.Warden F. B. Thomas.Sentinel J. 1. Alexander.Picket G. M Turner.Ph3sicianDr. J. T. Brown.Trustees A. L. Slicer, J. MorganBrown, Robert Link.Following is a list of the chartermembers of the local nest:L. L. Harp, Strother Payne, ForestThomas, W. G. Slaughter, John Shaw,O. F. Frye, John Roberts. C. G. Frye,W. C. Gentry, W. O. Holt, W. A. Wallen, John A. Woodward, C. H. Shaw,F. A Gallagher. Dr. J. T. Brown,Pearce Paton, Huffman Shaw, Robert Long, C. M. Tavlor, Mason Turner,Wm. Duffy. W. W. Burley, J. C. Nichols, Ben Weissberg, John M. Frey, D.T. Boaz, Jesse H. Spratt, O. T. Tapp,Theodore Reed, Mont. Scott, A. J.Burnett, A.C. Erwin, A. T. Padgett,James Joseph, Dr. J. S. Wallingford,Joe Thomas, J. N. Reyolds, ClydeRowland, J. T. Alexander, J. W.Bramblett, Martin Snapp, T. J. Flora,F. M. Pindell. John M. Brown, JoeFarmer, Dr. A. H. Keller, Nick Nagel,J. G. Denton, Rudolph Davis, ClaudeFinney, Joe Kelley, Wm. Tobin, -Geo.Rose, Joe Glenn. J. A. Lennox. Dr.Wm. Kenney, R. H. Rosebery, LouiaShaw, Frank Redmon, J. O. Marshall.P. J. McCord,. W. S. Hughes, .A. C.Cassidy, E. N. Earlywine, S. M. Turpin, C. B. Thomas.ClayRetains Challenge Cup.In the championship shoot for thechallenge cup held at Winchester,Thursday, by the Kentucky TrapShooters' League, Thomas Clay, ofParis, successfully defended the cup,winning over Charles B. Strother andFrank Bell, of Lexington. Clay brokenienty-seven, while Strother and Belltied with ninety-six each. Others inthe race close up were Ben D. Goff,Clark county, ninety-five; Vic Dodge,Cush01 Lexington. ninety -five;Stevens, of Mt. Sterling, ninety-twoProfessionals shooting were C. O. Lecompt and Woolfolk Henderson, eachof whom broke ninety-eight.Best Paris Green at Butler'sOppCourt House. 26 4-tCattle Shipped East.Caywood & McClintock shippedFriday to the Eastern market elevencars of cattle from Paris, among thembeing eighteen head of 1,250 poundcattle which were purchased by thisfirm from J. L. Jacoby of Hutchinsonat $7 per hundred.The Occupations of Kings.Thus Nero went up and downGreece and challenged the fiddlers attheir trade. Aeropus, a Macedonianking, made lanterns; Harcatius, the iking of Parthia, was a mole catcher, jand Biantes, the Lydian, filed needlesJeremy Taylor.Buys Partner's Interest.Mr. Fletcher Mann, formerly ofthis city, closed a deal Friday, forthe purchase of the interest of Mr.M. H. Beard, of the firm of Beard &Mann, in the Bl-ie Grass Stock Yardsin Lexington. Mr. Beard will retireand Mr. Mann will continue the business along the same lines as heretofore. By the terms of the deal Mr.Mann also acquires the real estate.Protect your growing tobacco with Hail Insurance.THOMAS & WOODFORD.Chin Vegetal.Vegetable fibre, or chin vegetal, ismade from leaves of a dwarf palm(Chamaerops humilis), which clings tothe soil tenaciously. Its presence wasa serious obstacle to the pioneers ofAlgerian colonization, and it had to befought foot by foot. It was not thenknown that the plant would becomea source of wealth to the colony andthat it would be more and moresought as a commercial productBig Increase In Collections.The collections of Internal Revenuefor theS eventh District durinc Julv.as given out Fridav by Collector. T. A.Field, amounted to $2o5,515 63. as cornpared with a total of S209.259.90 forthe same month of 1911, an increaseoffc$46,255.37.Splendid Bourbon County Farm.Having decided to quit farming I amgoin o sell mv farm of 226 acres atpublic auction on Thursdav. Aug. 22.at 2 o'clock, on the premises.This is a SDlendid farm, situated inthe center of the'best farming districtin the county, and will produce anything that can be crown in this climate. It is just four miles from thecountv seat, on one of the best pikes,in an excellent neighborhood and is andeal coutry home.Positive sale.TERMS One-third cash, balance inone and two years, deferred Davmentssecured by interest-bearing notes, anda lien retained on the farm until paid.J. WALKER MUIR.Fur further information addressHarris &Speakes, Paris, Ky.. who willtake pleasure in showing the farm toprojective purchasers.GEO. D. SPEAKES,6-tf t Auctioneer.CeokMf DemonsfrafkHi.The Paris Gas & Electric Co. willgive a demonstration of the JewellGas Range in the vacant store roomadjoining Shire & Fithian's, on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday, the 5th,6th and 7th of this month, at whichtime Mr. Howard,special representativefrom Detroit Stove Works will bein charge of the demonstration. Hewili cook many things on these gasstoves, showing how to operate themeconomically and how to care for them.Every one is invited to come and theywill be served with free lunch from.9 a. m. to 5 p. m.There will also be given a demonstration Tuesday and Wednesday nightsfrom 7 to 9, for the colored people, andevery colored cook is urged to attendthese demonstrations, that they maylearn how to use the gas stove economically. Everything cooked during this demonstration will be served to the guestspresent. -He will use Power Grocery Co. corfee and spices, Paris Milling Co. flour,and Bourbon Packing Co. meats.We will also display the latest cooking devices and fans.One $15.00 water heater and fivekitchen sets valued at $3.45, will begiven away. (It)Season For Doves In Kentucky.The season for doves in Kentuckyopened Thursday and local sportsmenare taking advantage of the open season. The Breezy Heights CJub wereout on the farm of Mr. Jesse Turneyaud a large amount of game wasbagged. Other SDortsmen report alarge numberjjf doves in thisSIcounty,the number exceeding that of formeryears and the birds are in excellentcondition.In order that no onebe mistaken asto the game laws, the periods duringwhich it is lawful to shoot in Kentucky are here given :Quail, Pheasant and Wild TurkevNovember 15 to September o.Rabbit November 15 to September15.Squirrel November 15 to February1. Also June 15 to September 15.Duck and Geese I August 15 to Arill1.Doves Augustl to February 1.Woodcock June 20 to February 1.Snipe At all times.It is unlawful to shoot any thrush,meadow lark, finch, martin swallow,woodpecker, led or bluebird, catbird,or any other song or insectiverousbirds. Their Proper Place,The folks who. are perpetually protesting that their consciences are! clear and that they have notninS forwmun 10 reproacn memseives are generally in a bad way, for the probability is that their much-vaunted consciences have stopped working andare of no further use. Such peoplenever allow that they are in thewrong; their favorite sentence is, "Itold you so!" and their proper placois on a desert island with thickskinned turtles for boon companions.Test of Nerve."Colonel," asked the beautiful girl,"when was the most trying moment ofyour life?" "It was when I went tomy wife's father for the purpose ofasking him to let me have her. Hewas very deaf, and I had to explainthe matter before twenty clerks.'IMPj Owls Hooting iAfter the institution ofPARIS NEST ORDER of OWLSlast Friday evening themembership voted tohold charier open untilnext Friday evening,Aug 9. Youcangetmembership until that timefor ?5. 00 CHARTER FEENearly one hundred obligated last meeting, andclass of about that manyexpected the 9th, at theK. of P. HALL. Nextmeeting will be calledto order by Pr-s. PearcePaton at 8 p. m.MOSES R. GLENN,General Organizer.6G2 Main St. With Thomas Brosupen until v p. m.FOR RENT.Three rooms for rent on Main'street,Furnishtd or unfurnished. ApdIv toHARRIS & SPEAKES.HERE'STHEHOGBOURBON REMEDY CO.,Lexinffton, Ky.Enclosed find photo of hog: that was cured ofcholera with your Bourbon Ho Cholera Rem5uy hi? h2as almost dead before usiazthe medicine, and then was entirely cured exSr pt!ss tears toll. etc The hog Is owned byz&nes Evrinz. of Bowline Green, Ky. HewiL be eladto give you a testimonial, asd wecan get several more if you want them.JENKINS-SUBLETT DRUG CO.,Bowling Green, Ky.Ask Your Druggist for It.For Sale dy VV. T. Brooks.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST. 6 1912.fills BOURBON NEWS.wbeftP&h.ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGNOTICE.City taxes for the year1912 are now in my handsfor collection at my office atthe Deposit Bank.C. K. THOMAS,26-tf City Collector.Police Court.Is?"'1 Ccurt yesterday Sam Lone,"co.-... ..r -& 50 by Judge E. B.January on a charge of drunkenness,and Ed Ballard, white, for the sameoffense, was assessed a hne for a likeamount.Summer Goods at Cost.pur entire stock of summer goods isJw on the market at cost. Come.Ely an" get some of the chice bargains. HARKY SIMONVSquire Fretwell's Court.In 'Samre Fretwell's court yesterdayJonn Williams, colored, was giventhirty days in jail. Williams was arraigned on a charge of petit larceny.Lillie Mae McCuster, colored, on acharge of vagrancy, was given thirtydays at hard labor.Our Specialty.Try our Ham and Egg Sandwich atten cents. A most deilghtfu' lunch.This is one of our leading specials.6-2t J as. e. Craven.Buy Thae Hat Today.You will look cleaner and coolerwith a new straw hat. 33 J discount at2-2t MITCHELL Sr BLAKEMORE.Hukill Leaves For Week's Trip.Mr. W. H. Hukill, of Paris, DeputyState Fire Marshal, left yesterday fora trip of a week through the southernpart of the State, on a tour of inspection. He spent yesterday in Winchester looking into conditions in that cityand will make a number of the mostimportant townswbile away.Summer Goods at Cost.Our entire stock of summer goods isnow on the market at coat. Comeearly and get some of the choice bargains. HARRY SIMON.Entered in Trotting Races.The following horses owned by Bourbon county men have.been entered in apurse race for 2:27 trotters at the Blue jGrass Fair next week :Wigman, black gelding. bvaWiggingsBowbells;J. U. Boardman.Bourbonette, brown mare, by Wiggins Happy Medium; J. U. Buardman.Fine Bluegrass Farm:One of the nest farms in Bourboncounty will he offered for sale onAugust 22. at 2 o'clock. This farmcontains 226 acres and is well improv- ied. All details can be had by inquir- jing of Harris & Speakes. The place Iis the Walker Muir farm on the Clin-tonville pike. 6-tf !IColored Woman Dies Suddenly. IMary Johnson, colored, aged 52years, was found dead in bed at herhome on West Seventh street Saturday morning. Death was due toan attack of myocraditis. CoronerRudolph Davis was called and viewingthe remains pronounced her death dueto natural causes.At Cost.childrensLadies'cost.12jly-tf.andOxfords atFELD'S SHOE STORE.Local Firm Gets Contract.The directors of the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co. held a meetingat the court house Saturday aftrenoonand awarded the contracts for the skylights, glass, guttering, pipe and roofing to the firm of January & Connell.of this city. The contract for thebrickwork was not let at this meeting,and the bids for this work will be considered at a later meeting of the directors. Work on the'structure in Barns'Addition was commenced yesterday whencontractors began digging for the foundation and concrete work will begin ina few days.Summer Goods at Cost.Our entire stock of summer'goods isnow on the market at cost. Comeearly and get some of the choice bargains. HARRY &IMON.Fine Bluegrass Farm.One of the best farms in Bourbonnnnntv will he offered for sale onAugust 22, at 2 o'clock. This farmcontiaus 226 acres and is well improved. All details can be had by inquiringlof Harrisi&'Speakes. The'place ishe Walker Muir farm on the Clintonville pike. 6-tfC. Vj7u. M. Meeting.The C. W. B. M. held a very interesting meeting Friday afternoon in theparlors of the Christian Churcp, withMrs. W.JE. bimn s, me presiatnt. presiding. After t he business routinethe literar program was erjoyed.Miss Lucy Blvthe Simms giving a talkon Liberia, bupnkmsnte'' by readingson the sutj ct from the MissionaryTidings. Special mention was madeof Mr. Emery W. Ross, a brilliantyoung man of Eurek2, III., who is under appointment for mission work. inLiberia, and who is soon to leave totnkp im hi work on the dark conti-mnt. Du ing the .o ial hour which!followed the meeting, delicious lemonade andwr fera were served.Summer Gtods at Cost.Our enti e stock of summed goods isrn nn the maikat at cost. Comeearly and get sjire ofthe choice bar-jt(&9Smi.HRRYSIMON.PERSONAL MENTION.Dr. ri. P. Uppington is spendinghis vacation at Oil Springs.0 Mrs. Evelyn Buck is visting herson, Mr. Lucian Buck, in Ashville, N.C.Miss Nora McDermott is visitingher'sister, Mrs. J. P. Hanlev, in Louisville. Mrs. Mollie Lair ,is visiting herdaughter, Mrs.JFrank Wright, in Winchester. Misses Hazel Duval and Edna Keller arelguests of Miss Lillian Campbell, in Richmond.Mrs. Harry Simon leaves to-morrowfor New York in the interest ofthe Simon Department Store.Misses Cora Bell and Fannie Ryehave returned from a visit to Mrs.Scottv Walsn. in Mt. Sterling.Mrs. Joseph Berry, of FortThomas, has returned home after avlait to Mr. and Mrs. F. P. Lcwiy.Mrs. c. S. Goldateiu andchildren !are visiting her parents, Mi. and Mrs.S. Oppenheim, in Huntington, W. Va.Mrs. Gertrude Warner, of LaGiange. Ky., is the charming guest ofMrs. W. E. Board, on Mt. Airy Avenue. Miss Jennie Kenney, of Roswell,N. M., is visiting her brothers, Messrs.Robert and Charles Kenney, in thiscity.Miss Katherine Obsorne has returned to her home in Winchester aftera visit to Miss Helen Desha, in thiscity.Mr. Edward Fithian left yesterday for Huntington, W. V., for a visit to his uncle, Mr. John T. McClintock. Miss Jo Davis.'who has been theguest ofher aunt, Miss Anna Mae Davis, has returned to her home in Lexington. Dr. Foster lea"es to-day for a tendays visit tolhis parents at Gwenton.Ky. His office will be closed duringhis absence.Mrs. Lon Tribble left yesterdayfor a vist to Chicago. Des Moir.es, la.,and Fulton. JMo., She will he absentabout a month.Mr. and Mrs. W. ii'd. Tucker willlpave Wtdnesday fo New York, whereMr. Tucker will purchase his fall andwinter stock of goods.Mrs. E. M. Dickson and Mrs. Durand Whipple and little son, EmmettDickson Whipple, are the guests ofrelatives in Richmond.Mrs. R. S. Starks, who has peenvisiting her sisters, Mrs. Emily Parker and Mrs. Sallie Pullen, has returned to her home in Miwday.Mr. C. L. Lancaster and daughter.Mrs.Frank Burton, have returnedhome after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Ullman Lancaster, in Middlesboro.Mrs. Samuel Vaughn, of El Paso,Texas, is here on a visit to her brothers. Messrs. B. Rand Lawrence Dickerson. Mrs. James M. Arnold, of Newport, is visiting her brothers, Messrs.W. G. and T. Hart Talbott, at theirhome near this citv.Miss Helen Daugnerty has returned from Madison, Wis., where shehas been taking a six-weeks course in !historyjn the Wiscousin University.Mr. W. G. McClintock and childrenhave returned from Chautauqua, N. Y.where they spent the summer. Mrs.McClintock will remain two weekslonger.Miss Carolyn Roseberry has returned from Georgetown, where shewas a member of a house party, whichwas entertained during the fair byMiss Cornelia Blackburn.Mr. Brice Steele was'taken to theSt. Joseph Hospital, in Lexingtn, Sunday night. Mr. Steele is sufferingwith an attack of appendicitis, and anoperation may be necessary.Miss Rebecca Doehrer who hasbeen on a protracted visit to relativesin Texas and Washington, D. C, hasreturned'home and taken rooms withMr. and Mrs. Thornton Tadlock, onHigh street.Mrs. I. C. Haley entertained beautifully with a Five Hundred party onThursday at her home on the ClintonIville pike, in honor of Miss BonitaThompson of Texas. A delightiuiluncheon was served.Mrs. Hattie Shaw, who has beenthe guest of Mrs. F. P. Caly, left Saturday for Lexington before going toShelbyville, for a visit to her sister,Mrs. Clara Poynter, who will returnthis week from California.Mr. and Mrs. W. 0. Brock, Mrs.Ernest Allen and Mr. Evan Brock, ofWinchester, and Mrs. Frauk White, ofnear Paris will leave today for Martinsville. Ind., and from there will goto Atlantic City!for atwo-weeks' stay.Mr. and Mrs.'Irvine Dempsey anddaughter, Miss "Clara Collins, havemoved from.Covington to Lexington,whpre thev will resiae. Mr. Dempseywill continue with his position at theLouisvillejand Nashville freight officein this city.Mr. and Mra. John Willie Jnnes entertained an interesting house party attheir home near North Miadlelonficm Fnday until Monday ior Mr.Robert Graham Jones. The younglad:es present were: Misses FlorenceRby Evans and Maragret Day, of Winchester; Katherine Green, of Mt. Sterling, and Dorothy Duncan, of Nicholasville. Mrs. Ray Taylor entertained witha pretty bridge party Friday alternoonatber beautiful countby home. Refreshinglemonade was served to theeuests upon their arrival, and auciionbridge was much enjoyed during theafternoon. After the ,"games refresh-a cm? r im nis oiice cream, ,caKes ana canaywere daintily served. The guestsware Misses Sue Ford Offutt, ofGeorgetown, Martha Ferguson, Clarabelle O'Meal, Josie Gardner, NancyGriffith, Elizabetn Wigigns, ElizabethSteele, Nannie Clay, Mesdamea AlexFord, Julian Frank, White Varden,Carl Wilmoth, John Davis, Virgil Gaitkill. William Ardery and Ray Taylor.Mr. Geo. M. Hill viisted relativesin this city yesterday.Mrs. Withers Davis has returned;om a weeks' visit at Estill Springs.Book Bargains.We have just received a completeline of standard fiction. Some of thebest novelsjjy the'best authors now ondisoalay inour window. These booksare offered while they last at the special price of 50 cents each.6-tf. PARIS BOOK CO.Preserving Time.Let us fill your order for MasonJars an.l Tin Cans. The price is right.2-t LAVIN& CON NELL.Vaudeville At The Grand.The popularity of an enterprise depends upon approval ot the public.The vaudeville at the Grand has metwith the public approval, and, therefore, must be popular. How could itbe.othsrwise, when'mne out of ten ofthe theatre-going people nightly visitthe Grand? They all leave withsmiles and congratulate the raanage-ment uP3n tne classy shows they aranow givingLast night's uiogram, consisting ofthe usual two acts, was Bilhe Finnegan. Irish comedian and singer, andthe Campbell players, presenting Little Helene, the wonderful child actress. The two reels of pictures were ofthe latest. Both acts heartily applauded and therpictures well leceived.One show is given nightly at 8:15o'clock.THEGreat Values FridayPreserving Kettles, 5 qt. size,only 10c.Sheet Iron Bread Pans, special 5c.Enameled Steel Buckets, 3 qt.size 10c.Fruit Jar Fillers, each 5c.Deep Pudding Pans, 4 qt. size,blue outside white inside, extraspecial, each 10c.1 gallon Milk Crocks, firstquality, 4 for 25c.Crystal Glass Towel Racks 10c.Window Shades, all pure linen,our regular 25c shades, 17 l-2c.Pure Linen Writing Tablets,each 5c. Envelopes to match,worth 10c now 5c.Ice Tea Glasses, highly polished, a set 48c.Nickel Plated Bath Boom Sets,Tumbler Holder, Tooth Brush,Nickel Plated Towel Rack andSoap Stand, a set 69c.THE FAIR.LOST.Between my home and the CourtHouse on July 27th a DometsicSciencenote book with samples of sewing.;Anv information that will lead to itsrecovery will be gratefully received.MRS. R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.Lost Steer.A 600-lb. steer with white face andred back, has strayed from our place.Finder will notify undesigned.AMOSTURNEY or LEW TAYOR.Home Phone 210.NOTICE.I have just secured a new barber 'from Chicago and am prepared to give ,the public first class service. Give mea call. Shop is equipped with electric 'fans to keep you cool. Three firstclass barbers. My bath tubs are alwavsjready. aug2tf BUCK FREEMAN.FOR RENT.Flat of four rooms, bath, etc, overC. P. Cook & Co.'s grocery. Apply toJ. T. HINTON.WHYA TRUSTDEPARTMENT?Realizing the advantages ofhaving a corporation to act asAdministrator of Estates, alsoin management of property asGuardian or Trustee,The. Bourbon Bank andTrust Co.with a Capital Stock of $100,000and Earned Surplus of $50,000,organized in S7, having had inthat tme the expeiience necessary in conducting i Trust Company, Therefore,Bourbon Bank Trust Co.,Paris, Ky.has a Trust Department andiSolicits Your Business.I IFAIR!BIRTHS.I Born, in Newport, July 29, to thewife of Mr. Walter Dempsey. formerly of Paris, a daughter, their firstborn, Mary Dale. Mrs. Dempsev willbe remembeed as Miss Loretta Burke,who was a frequent visitor in this cityduring Rev. Father Burke's pastorateof the Catholic Church, and Mr. Dempsey is the son of Mr. and Mrs. JamesDempsey. of this city.Immense Line oS Wall Paper.Call at my store and pick from thelarge new stock of wall paper justwhat vou need and have it put on yourwalls. Experienced decorators areready to do vour work.ST. T. HIJNTON.Bourbon Fair Catalogues.The News has on hand a supply ofthe Bourbon Fair catalogues for thesixty-fifth annual exhibition to beheld here Sept. 3-7, inclusive. Thecatalogues are for distribution, andcan be had by calling at this office.Never have youheard in any musicalinstrument a tone sowonderfully sweet,clear and meUow.Hearing is believing.Come in any time noobligation-SeeJUJUDAUGHERTY BROS. I. ,B "lllllillillligpiSlvlP V " , PmGOOD andIW. Ed.All Summer Goods NowOn Sale at Greatly Reduced Prices. '...W. Edi ilSPECIALS16 lbs. Granulated Sugar $ 1 .OO8 boxes Searchlight Matches, (3 boxes 10c) .-7..25C8 bars Lenox! Soap r 25cRoyal Baking Powder, 25c size, this Week only . 20cStoned Silver Slice and Country Club Cakes.. 1 0-1 5cFee's Grocery Co.BIG AD. in this PaperFRIDAPrices on all Furniture, WallPaper, Carpets, Rugs, Mattings, Linoleum, Swings, GoCarts, and RefrigeratorsArc To Be CutI never advertise fake'prices onone article in order to sell youanother.Look for the Yellow Tags they tell the Tale Truly.SALE BEGINSMonday, Aug. 12, 9 a. in.Spend Your Money at Home.No Second Hand Goods.J. T. HintoniTucker IfTuckercanmftft'I'i11nhi11!yi:T- -awjyiJMUjv - i. , '.' iii .V K "r:THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 6, 1 91 2UVJ53lV'.yjIVftII!rKr&ii;tU .ii-,14l!kCURIOUS BITSOF HISTORYHOW ONE SHIP FOUGHT AWHOLE FLEET.By A. W. MACY.On August 31, 1591, a Britishfleet of six vessels lay quietlyat anchor near the Azores.Suddenly, and almost withoutwarning, a great Spanish armada of 53 ships bore downupon them. Consternationseized the admiral, and he fledprecipitately with his flagship,commanding the others to follow. They did so all but one,the Revenge. Aboard that wasgrim Richard Glenville, the viceadmiral. He scorned to flee,and when the Spaniards calledupon him to surrender he contemptuously refused. He hadbut 140 men fit for fighting, buthe told the Spaniards he wasgoing to cut through their line.Glaring round upon his crew,who feared him more than theydid any enemy, he ordered themto attack the Spanish ships. Forfifteen hours the battle raged,Glenville alternately cheering,storming, praying and devotingthe Spaniards to perdition. Heyielded only when less thantwenty of his men could standup to fight and he himself wasmortally wounded. When It wasall over the Spaniards figuredout their losses thus: Two shipssunk, fifteen more or less damaged, more than 1,000 menkilled and wounded, and by onelittle English ship.(Copyright, 1811, by Joseph B. Bowles.)Marking on Wood.If any one in your home has a pyrograph outfit, use it for marking yourhoy's hockey sticks, baseball bats, tennis rackets and, all such wooden things.Painted names can wear 'or he scratched off, hut when burned in deeply theidentification is there to stay.Separating Honey.To ohtain strained honey, separating the honey from the wax as itcomes to us in the frame, place theframe in a bowl in the oven, justwarm enough to melt the honey andvax; then remove the frame and letthe honey stand until cold, when thevax may be skimmed off the top without any trouble.Between Girls.'1 haven't received a love letterfrom Jack in three. days. I think it's& shame. I shall be positively ill unless I get a love letter by tomorrow.""Well, my dear," said the other girl,1 you need a love letter from Jackas badly as that, I have 40 or 50 I'llhe glad to let you have." . -DR. DOLLE'SMESSAGE TOYOU CAN BE CURED BYy.w- J&sZ CSs.fmsj&rr i.16VBrfcfc.WiS -i-!?& Wmm. n tDB. C. L. DOLLE.Why Take Treatment That Is Doing TonKo Good, Wlin a Few Days under the caroit Dr. Dolle "Will Show You How Easy ItIs to Cure Thee Diseases "When the ProperTreatment 2s Administered.Have you treated for months and years, andbeen disappointed until you think that you cannot be cured ? You, no doubt, all this time havebeen treated by inexperienced doctors who hadneither sufficient kuoVlcdge nor experience toknow how to rure you.These aro the diseases of which I havecured so many, Justly jriving me the reputation for ? ar s of which I am so proud.Blood Diseases, Skin DiseasesI vrill give you treatment that will in a fewdays cure all rash, spots and every sign andsymptom. My treatment pets the poison out ofthe system instead of driving it in like ordinarytreatments. I cure blood diseases and skin disease so they cannot come back.Varicocele," causing aching or pain inercin cr back, Nervousness, "Weakness,IiOS3 of Vitality, Lack of Ambition3fy one-treatment cure is what you shouldhave and what you will have to have" to be curedright. Onlycie visit is required. I do no cuttin? ad you sutler no pain nor trouble. AllE.uj disappear in a few days.Nervous Troubles, Lost VitalityMy combined treatment for these troubles soccmci'jnamong those who have become weak andwornout, who have caused it by folly, dissipationand excesses, is remarkably good. 2s'6 one believeshHW quickly it benefits until they have taken it.It overcomes weakness, nervousness, pain inback, lack of energy, ambition and strength it'sj-m the treatment I have found so effective intreating such diseases.Kidney and Bladder Troublesare scientifically cured by me. My methods immediately benefit you, and the majority of cases1 '-';rc come from physicians and specialists wholulled.Pilfxz Picftifap I can cure you soriCb, i lSLUlde quickly and easilythat you will be surprised. I will give you justthe result and cure you are looking for withouta surgical operation.ACUtC L)ISQ3SS strong drug storeremedies seldom cure. My treatment stops everysymptom and cures in a few days. It is scientificthat's the only sure way to be cured so it willnot come backXTou can talce my Treatment without acent and pay me after I cure you. I knowthat I can give vou new life, new hope, and canrestore you back to health and happiness. Iknow that every man will pay after I have ellmi sated every trace of disease from his system.Microscopical and analytical urinalysis FREE.I have writeen a book that ought to be in thehands qf every suffering man in this country. IyriU send you a copy, free, if you will write me atonce the disease for which you desire treatement,Hours, 9 to 4: Sunday?, ft to 1 p. m. Evenings,7 to 8. on ICondav.'Wednesday and Saturday nightsC. L. DOLLE, m. d.Otmt Columbia Theater 525 Walnut St, betweenFifth and Sixth Etreets.CMftce eay t find, as all that is necessary is toaK tor tae Cotaaabia Theater, and any one can'pil' J tifiis.VAST IMPROVEMENTSPLANNED BY OFFICIALS OFSTATE FAIR IN BUILDING-EQUIPMENT.New Grand Stand Is Twice the Size of, Old One and is MagnificentStructure.With the greatest line of exhibitsin the way of live stock as well as ofall other products of which the stateis famous, already guaranteed for theKentucky State Fair this year, it isthe prediction of those in charge ofthe arrangements that the exhibitionto be held the week of September 9-14inclusive, will be the biggest and bestever seen in the South or MiddleWest, and that it will mark an epochin the history of agricultural and livestock exhibitions. Not since the Kentucky State Fair was inauguarated tenyears ago has the same amount of interest been shown in the event as thatbeing taken this year by the officialsand the public spirited citizensthroughout the State, insuring thegreatest fair, from an artistic and display standpoint at least, in the historyof the institution.Chief among the improvements atthe Fair Grounds this year, will bethat of the enlarged grandstand which,when completed the latter part of August, will be twice the size of thestand that has been used to accommodate the crowds the past four years.The new addition to the stand will beof the same concrete construction asthe part now standing and when completed the stand will have a seatingcapacity of five thousand people.VAUDEVIUiSKOWSOF HIGH GRADE WILL BE GIVENAT STATE FAIR AT NIGHT.Trained Stallions and ElephantsAmong Remarkable Evening Attractions September 9.14.The big night show at the KentuckyState Fair this year will be the mostalaborate ever prepared by the management of the institution. Believingthat night patrons of the fair wouldrather witness high-class amusementthan to spend their time in walkingover the grounds in a vain effort tosee many of the exhibits which naturally close at night, Secretary Denthas secured some of the most noteddcts known to the show world, whichwill be seen in the magnificentlylighted livestock pavillion each night,beginning at 8 o'clock. The management has gone to an expense of ?5,000to guarantee this list of attractions,among which will be seen Herzog'sperforming stallions, six in numberand jet black and regarded as the mostfamous animal act in the world. Thefive Merkel Sisters, noted femaleacrobats; The Okuras, Japense wonders; The Whirling Erfords, styledthe "Human Butterflies;" Robinson'sfive performing elephants; The EddyFamily in two highly sensational acts;The Hengler Troupe of Russian Dogs,and other acts equally as high clas.In addition to this high-class line ofamusements visitors to the nightshow will also witness the best ringsfor light harness and saddle horsesever given in Kentucky. In additionto the $1,000 stake for five-gaited saddlers other rich rings for all otherclasses, in both saddlers and harnesshorses, will be contested each nightduring the week. Because of the enormous expense to which the management has gone in preparing for thebig night show feature of the fair ithas been decided to charge an admission of twenty-five cents to the pavillion at night. This price will entitlethe visitors to any seat in the bigauditorium except the boxes. For thissum they will witness the most famousAmerican and European acts now before the public.MIDWAY ATTRACTIONSBest fn History of Fair Nothing Offensive to Decency or of FreakNature To Be Allowed.The midway attractions to be featured at the State Fair this year willbe far and above the ajerage, as itis the purpose" of the management toi provide only the best for the patronsof the Kentucky institution. In orderto carry out such an arrangement Secretary J. L. Dent will visit the showstwo weeks before the date of the Kentucky State Fair, which is the weekof September 9-14, and make a personal inspection with a view of eliminating any and all unattractive orfreak features. The shows engagedfor the fair are the Mazeppo and United Shows combined, anH this namein itself is sufficient to guarantee ahigh-class and cean .line of attractions, but to make it doubly sure Secretary Dent has planned the personalinspection to satisfy himself. It isthe purpose of the management to provide such a line of side-shows that parents can let their children visit theshows, day and night, without the attendance of older members of thefamily.In order to further carry out thisfeature of the program, the management has contracted with a number ofwell-known Kentuckians to be stationed both on the inside and outside ofeach of the midway attractions duringthe week to look after the welfare ofthe patrons and to see that nothing issaid or done that would in the leastoffend the eye or ear of any personwithin the inclosure. immINCUBATOR CROWDS OUT HENPoultrymen Who Are in the BusinessCommercially Cannot Get AlongWithout Machines.(By R. HARRIS.)Where not many years ago nine outof ten farms had. never heard of an incubator, today the word is passingfrom farm to farm that the profits arelarger, the work less onerous, thehatches more sure, and the hens aretaking fewer holidays laying moreeggs. Not all on account of the incubators, but primarily on account ofthe incubator, and secondarily on account of the large amount of bookknowledge distributed with it.The farmer's wife is doing her sharein the profit making. She always hasdone it, but now she is getting recognition as a partner in the business.This is having it has had its effect, and the result is, farmers are nowposted on poultry profits. They "willcontinue to be posted, and those whohave been operating incubators willgo back to hen incubation only whenthey return to the old custom oftreading out the grain with oxenonly when they are prepared to putthe cream separator on the shelf.Poultrymen who are in the businesscommercially whose Hying dependsupon the profits would a3 soon thinkof threshing the grain with the oldtime flail as they would of hatchingchicks or ducklings "with hens orducks. The thought would be absurd. Without the incubator theywould have to go out of business.BROODER AND COOP COMBINEDDevice Made From Old Wagon Box,With Waterproof Roof, Found toBe Excellent Shelter.I have used all shapes and sizes ofhome-made jug-heated brooders andlike best the one made from an oldwagon box. All holes in sides and floorwere patched up when making it, anda roof put over one end. This roof isso put on that it may be raised andBROODER5 1 n r novmROC 'ftKBrooder and Brood Coop Combined.lowered, writes Mrs. O. M. Spencerof Van, Mo., in the Missouri ValleyFarmer. It is waterproof, but givesfree circulation of air. A partition putthrough the box makes the hoverabout three feet square, with twodoors for chicks to run jn and out. Ondamp or cold daj's and every night alantern is kept burning in the hover,which has a cloth hanging from thetop that bags down onto the backs ofchicks. The light does not annoythem. Indeed chicks always seem toprefer to huddle in a cold light placerather than a warm dark one. Therest of the wagon box is covered withpoultry netting to keep out the otherchickens. On rainy days it is well tospread a canvas over the netting.Keep the young chick dry by allmeans, and keep his crop full. Achick fed all he wants from the timehe is 36 hours old will never overeat.On cold or stormy days I feed andwater the chicks in the run and shutthem back in the hover till they getrestless, then feed and water again.HANDY FOUNTAIN FOR CHICKSMason Jar With Nick In Mouth,Turned Upside Down, Is Sanitaryand Easy to Operate.I am illustrating a very simplechick fountain that can be made upfor a few cents, and which is simpleto operato and perfectly sanitary,RATTLESNAKE KILLSTHREE OF FAlfflLYTwo Children Fatally Bitten, Another Drowns While MotherTries to Help Them.THREE DIE SAME DAYReptile Colled in Hen's Nest MotherHears the Fowl Squawk and Telia .Boys to Run Her Out of theBox In Confusion BabyDrowns.Greenville, N. C Three childrenare dead as the result of a simple request of their mother to throw a henoff its nest, two dying from the effectsof rattlesnake bites and the other being neglected long enough by themother to fall into a tub of waterand drown. The three children diedthe same day and were buried in thesame grave. Only the father and mother of the family survive.Mrs. George Adams, the mother,was in the yard doing some washingwhen a hen, sitting on a nearby nest,squawked. Mrs. Adams told the eldest of the three children, all of whomwere playing in the yard, to throw thehen off its nest. The oldest boy, agedeight, thrust his hand into the nestwithout looking. He drew it outquickly, declaring that the hen hadpecked him.The next oldest boy, malting fun of.his brother for his timidity, ran hishand into the nest. He screamed almost immediately, saying that thehen bit him also.The mother, alarmed, rushed to thenest and saw the snake coiled inside.Frantically she tried to do somethingto aid the two boys, whose handsj J 1 '-v fpn feistThought the Hen Pecked Him.were already swelling from the bite.The baby, one year old, was unnoticedin the excitement and crawled to thewash-tub. In another moment it hadclimbed into the tub, and when discovered was drowned.HISTORY OF CURIOUS LEGENDStone Found Near Dundee, Scotland,Believed to Mark Spot WhereDragon Was Slain.u. d ))A Handy Chick Fountain."writes J. D. Alexander in the Farmand Orchard. We use a quart, Masonjar with a nick in the mouth, turnedcpgidedown., - ; ','Dundee, Scotland. A sculpturedstone locally called the Martine, orDragon's Stane, is supposed to markthe spot where in ancient days a fiercefight took place between a young mannamed Martin and a dragon, the latter being killed in the struggle, saysa writer in the Strand. The scene ofthe encounter is located about sixmiles north of Dundee, near to thebase of the Sidlaw Hill, and in theparish of Mains and Strathmartine.The legend is most interesting, and isas follows: A farmer in the district,who was blessed with nine lovelydaughters, one day sent one of them toa neighboring "well to fetch him adraught of water. As she did not return, another was sent to learn thecause of the delay. Neither of themreturning, daughter after daughterwas sent, until the whole nine hadbeen dispatched. The father, becoming alarmed at the non-return of hisdaughters, then set off himself to learnthe cause of their delay. On arrivingat the spot, he was horrified at thespectacle which met his gaze. Hisnine daughters lay dead at the welland a large dragon was throwing itsslimy folds around them. The reptile,on seeing the father, hissed loudly,and would have made short work ofhim also, had he not saved himself byflight. He, however, aroused the wholeneighborhood, and the people turnedout in a state of great fright. Ayoung man, the sweetheart of one ofthe dead girls, boldly attacked thedragon, which took to flight, hotlypursued by the gallant youth. Thedragon wriggled its way toward thehills, and was ultimately overtaken bythe youth in a field near the Sidlaws,where he killed it outright. It is saidthat during the pursuit Martin wasfollowed by a crowd of people, who intheir excitement shouted simultane-UUOijr tU U.IUX AJ UkXlZ.vTy iUtUUUVI JtimmmmmJob PpimtineWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Bone Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!TRE J9B R60fflS OF. THE .ByRBNAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHFADS.jLETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOG ,POSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two or the latest im-proved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.1cu Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates ' reasonable and madeknown on application.KliUUUlUiUUUU.iQks &C . . t11 1.At WOMj''., I'"If' ;l ',J1 "5JV- -)-".f.?THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 6,4 19 2--V'W ,-.JN?:Couldn'tt.I used to be troubled with a weakness peculiar towomen, writes Mrs. Anna Jones, of Kenny 111 "Fornearly a year, I could not walk, without holding my sidesI tried several different doctors, but I grew worse. Finallyour druggist advised Cardui for my complaint. I was sothin, my weight was 115. Now, I weigh 163, and I amnever sick. I ride horseback as good as ever. I am infine health at 52 years."Ae.Jiaye. thousands ofarriving daily. Such earnest testimony from those whohave tried it, surely proves the great value of this vegetable, tonic medicine, for women.Cardui relieves women's sufferings, and builds weakwomen up to health and strength. If you are a woman,give it a trial. It should help you, for it has Helped a million others. It is made from pure, harmless, herb ingredients, which act promptly and surely on the womanly organsIt is a good tonic. Try it! Your druggist sells it.Write to: Ladies' Advisory DcpL, Chattanooea Medicine Cn.. rhr.tt;,, tfor Special Instructions, and 64-pace book, "Home Treatment for Women. " sent f r?o T wi TWINDepartment StoreSpecial PricesOn Extra Wide Swiss Flouncing at 25c and50c per yard.Children's Wash Dresses, 50c, 75c, $1.Ladies' one-piece Serge Dresses, $4.98.(All Colors)Ladies' and Misses' Fine Tailored Suits, $9.95.White Nuback Shoes, $3.Special Values on Millinery, Skirts and Waists.TWIN BROS.Paris, KentuckyWhen a New PerfectionComfes in at the DoorHeat and Dirt Fly Outat jhe Window.What would it mean to youheat and dirt banished from yourthis summer to be free from therange, free from ashes and soot?TVewPrectiQItOil Ctok-StovcWkh the New Pfeco Ore. te New PerfecboaStore is the soft complete cooka devu on the market! . 1 fety. too, for washing ad irog.STANDARD OIL COMPANY--iWalk!TheWomarfsfonicsuch letters, and mnrP .rP!JBROS.Cor. 7th and MainThis Stove ,saves TimeIt saves LaborIt saves FuelIt saves YOUMade "with 1 , 2 n3 3 burners, with Ions, enameled, turquoise-bluechimneys. Handsomely finished throughout.The 2- and 3-burner stovescan be had with or without acabinet top, which is fitted withdrop shelves, towel racks, etc.All dealers carry the NewPerfection Stove. Free CoofcBook wkh every stove. CookBook also given, to ibtome9s5ce&Uto cavern 1lgcost. to havekitchenblazingKyjAlfaaj.ilii MnT" T -"- -FOLDING BED TRAPSFAMILY OF THREEPolice Respond to Cries forHelp and Rescue Victims AfterBreaking Down Door.New York. Three persons -were imprisoned in a folding bed early theother day while a policeman and several neighbors were breaking downthe door leading into the apartmentin which they lived on the second floorof the house at No. 6S0 Metropolitanavenue, Williamsburg. The victimsare Alfred Eberhardt, a machinist,forty-six years of age; his wife, Mary,forty-one' and their nine-months-olddaughter, Josephine.It was the first time Mr. and Mrs.Eberhart had slept in the folding bed.Josephine slept in a crib nearby andExtricated the Sufferers.two other small children in anotherroom.Early in the morning Josephine hadthe colic and Mrs. Eberhardt reachedout of bed for the infant. At the sametime the bed folded, imprisoning Mr.and Mrs. Eberhardt. Mrs. Eberhardtwas in the act of lifting the baby intobed and one of her arms, in whichshe held the little one, protruded fromher side of the bed. The infant's feetwere caught in the folding apparatus.The cries for aid attracted all theneighbors and Policeman O'Connor ofthe Herbert street station. Whenthey reached the door leading to theEberhardt apartment they found itbarred, but the cries of "Help! Help!"continued.The policeman broke down the doorand with the assistance of neighborsextricated the sufferers.It was necessary to summon a doctor to dress the injuries of the parentsand their infant daughter.BRAVE BOY RESCUES A BABYDangling Head Down at End of 'Rope,He Rescues Two-Year-Old Tot.Dothlan, Ala. Man's-size couragehas won a college education and aCarnegie hero medal for eleven-year-oldHenry Mathews of this city.Dangling head down at the end of arope, thirty feet below the earth's surface, in a bored well only fifteeninches wide, he rescued Bennie Grant,a three-year-old who had fallen in.When the cries of the baby camefaintly to the surface as the well borers returned to work one afternoon,they realized his terrible predicament.Hung by His Feet.No man could be lowered in that fifteen-inchbore, no grappling hookscould be used without almost certainlykilling as they rescued. To dig a holebig enough to admit a man meant living burial for the tiny victim, or suffocation before help could reach him.Henry Mathews, a tailor's apprentice, volunteered to do the only thingpossible. So they tied a stout rope tohis feet and lowered him, head first,down the narrow hole. Twice theylet him down and brought him up.Each time he tried, but failed, tograsp the baby. Then again he went'down and the third time emerged withthe baby grasped firmly in his hands." 'Twan't nothlnV said Henry, whenthe men cheered and shook his hand.T lis wa back tor the tailor shop.I fiStesT!l&fRP& V . '7jrTT ysilifflnE-32k :(& ? r&ySifltx ;m!1Blamed a Good Worker."I blamed my heart for severe distress in my left side for two years,"writes W. Evans. Danville, Va "butnow I know it was indige3ton as Dr.King's NewSLife ills completely cured me." Best for stomach, liver andkidney troubles, costiDation, headacheor debility. 25c. at Oberdorfer's.The Writer Who Does Most.That writer does the most whogives his reader the most knowledgeand takes from him the least time.C C. Colton."I was cured of diarrhoea by onedose of Chamberlain's Colic,. Choleraand Diarrhoea Remedy." writes M. E.Gebhardt, Orioie, Pa. For sale by alldealers.KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."Hourly High Speed ThroughService.Paris Lexington -Division.FrankfortCars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort every hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m.,and at 10 p. m., the last car going onlyas far as VersaillesCars leave Lexington for Versailles,Frankfort and Paris, every hour from6 a. m. until 7 p. m, and at 9 andll d.m., the last car going only as far as'Versailles.Cars leave Versailles Jfor Lexingtonand Paris every 15 minutes after thehour from 6:15 a. m. until. 8:15 p. m.and at 11 :15 p. m.. last car going onlyas far as Lexngton.Cars leave Versailles for Frankfortevery 45 minutes after the hour from6:45 a. ro. until 7:45 p. m., and at 9:45p. m.Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington and Paris every thirty minutes after the hour from 6 :30 a. m.until 7:30 p. m., and 10:30 p . in., thelast car going only as far as Lexington. GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTON-NICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexington and Nicholasville 'every forty-fiveminutes after the honr from 5 :45 a. m.until 6:45 p. m., and at 8:05 and 10:05p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville every thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 lp. m.,and at 9 and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville tor Lexington every fifteen minutes'after the hourfrom 6:15 a. m. until 8:15 p.m. and at10 :15 p.Jm.Cars leave Lexington for George"town every hour on the hour from "a. m. until 7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 pm.No 6 a. m. cars on Sunday .17-tfrpi 0meM k m.. jn!Lpi - - ,B MMHlHHHBa MMMmMIBBHnMBMB9 II V (l FLANDERS -sgomobiles E-M-F" j ! ZZ 1 You Want the Best- 1Z i , ,,, .. , Not the Cheapest m ZZ S ... eM!lSliiiiMi . . mlM ' - Flanders "20" Roadster, $750 --" "" 1 fSuperstitious Italians. fPerhaps of all countries Italy is themost rife with superstition in all itsstrange and imaginative varieties. Italians believe in the "evil eye." Theyhave a "false spirit," which is givento practical jokes on poor mortals, anda darker hobgoblin, the "Fata Morgana," who draws youth beneath thewaves of the Straits of Messina todrown.Public Sale!OP VALUABLEReal Estate!On Tuesday, August 6,1912, on the premises, at thehour of 2 o'clock p- ni., I willoffer for sale 10 desirable building lots, located in Williams Addition to the City of Paris.These lots are located wherethey will always rent.Also three houses and lotslocated in Claysville.All of said property rents welland for a small investment can'tbe beat.Terms made known on day ofsale.For further particulars, applyto WALLACE JACKSON.M. F. Kenney, Auct.19jy6t1 BourbonwDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice.SmBourbon(USParis, Kentucky..'".'.'v.'..'..??i?tS . S.CDon't be alarmed if somebody tells you you can buy an automobilefor less money than the $750 Studebaker-Flanders "20." You can, butyou better not. The Flanders "20" corresponds point by point with thebest and highest priced cars sold. Cheaper cars at every vital point arebuilt on ideas long aco discarded for good cars. Don't take our word forit. Make comparisons and see.The Studebaker-Flanders "20" is a marvel a high grade modern carat a low price. If you pay less you buy much less. And thecheaper cartoday will cost you far more in the long run. The competing car isn'tsold which the Studebcker Corporation, the greatest automobile manufacturers in the world, couldn't reproduce for less money; but ve won'tbuild a cheap car, because the name "Studebaker" means the best foryour money.If you are content with a ccr that runs today and dies tomorrow,don't buy the $750 Flanders "20." It will wear for years. Rememberthis the Studebaker-Flanders "20" will outwear 2 to 1 any other carunder $1100 and give you double satisfaction, confidence and comfortinto the bargain.We can prove it Send for nev) catalogueS 13 OM V" - Ki..Acir;, j-rb"d-n - U tk VtT'jTi.VP 'V,755rT!aDetroit, Mich.Bourbon Garage & Supply Company, m"TM&MMMAUCTION SALE-OF-City Lots and Collages;I will offer at a public sale onth&premises in the city of Paris, Ky., on,Thursday, August 8, 1112,at 10 o'clock a. m., the following cottages and building lots all fronting onMarshall street in Paris, Ky:Three cottages on allot 50x84 feefefronting on Marshall street.One lot 50x84 feet fronting on Marshall street.One cottage, good cellar, cistern at.door, with front and back porches, on,lob 50x84 fronting on Marshall street.One lot 50x84 feet fronting on Marshall street.The buildings are all in flrsfc classrepair and are in a very desirable locality. Close to public schools andchurches. Good streets and pavements. The properly will be offered seperately and then as a whole and thehighest and best bid accepted. JTERMS One-half cash with deferred payment in one year with in--terestat the rate of 6 per cent, perannum, or purchaser may pay allcash. MRS. LUCY J. DAWSON.(9 jy 9fc)Jlnnk EangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.augl6tf East Tenn. Phoe 669m-" -Laundry $We Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in the -Jlaundry line. That is wnaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous for fine work and itdever goes heck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeLaundry,-. s.ifI 1!Iiti:Irii4:'..v -V-(j- Vwsswaa-sfe":-..,.-,-'C -;:" - f - '.'?"'- - . -"tfrrr ? 'Bf 'g-fJffisSr"ffgrirjJ0yn iff gfr?;y'Mm&,tfMt ffirfe? "s ,? - - - ir ' 1 ATHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 6,- 1912v,:?'-MILLERSBURG ITEMS.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES..MniinmithVistisLPr;,rer ift;a:r 'rI1i.PS,1.1 1iriw,pIVpi -PaWmntnnf)lGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH 'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 399.wmmmm mmmmmmr'Te J5ome ofmMtmwmmmm r1 33"oTo the Great Values to be Had atDAN COHEN'SGreat Clearance Sale !As fast as our stocks are depleted, greater and bettervalues are rushed to the front, including all our highgrade and latest style footwear.ToMorrow SaturdayNew goods on sale at the same low prices that haveso astonished and delighted all Bourbon County.Come to our store for your footwear. Buy now whilewe have your size.All Summer Goods Must Go toMake Room For Fall Stocks.All Walk-Over Oxfords,Including All Latest Styles, at Cut Prices.This is not a Sale of a few shop-worn odds and ends.All goods are new and up-to-date.Mid - Summer MarkDown Sale Pricein Ladies' ShoesLadies' two-strapWhite uanvas, Patent andGun Metal, our 2grade Mark-downPriceLadies' High-grade White Duck and TanPumps and Shoes, (t iA O (t AAaolrfcaeeMafk:.2'2" 'One lot Ladies'mostly small sizes,SI. 50 to 3. CO value,Mark-down PriceOne lot Ladies'all sizes, S1.50 to $3.00value, Mark-downPriceMark-down Sale InBoys' and Girls'OxfordsOur best qualityPatent, Gun MetalS3 value, Markdown PriceChildren's Whiteton bhoes, our 1.50sizes 5 to 11, Mark-downPriceMisses' and Children's Patent and GunSS-d.$1.24 and 89cMisses' and Children's JBarefoot Sandals, all sizes L mmMark-down Price Tr iJOne lot Boys' White Can- Mm fvas and Gun metal Shoes,Mark-down Price FOne lot Infants' and Children's Pumps, 75c to $1value, Mark-down Price . .Mark-downSale PriceAll Our Walk-Over Oxfords atCut PricesMen's $4 and S3.50Walk-Over OxfordsMark-down Price..One lot Men's oddOxfords, 2.50 tovalues, Mark-down- 4Men's $3.00 andGun Metal andPatent, Markdown Price. . .Men's $2 and 2.50quality Oxfords,Mark-down Price . .DAN COMEIN,I336 Main St., Paris, Ky.nCornet Tootwear'C0HENIZEiaO.Pumps and Oxfords inent ana$1 .24Oxfords and Pamps,Oxfords and Pumps,s anu .rumps,99cBoys' Oxfords in Tan,coys' uxioras in ran,$2.29Canvas and Pique Butana jfique rut-99cgrade.-39cS3. 19sizes$3.50Price.99c13.50 Oxfords in Tan,o.ou uxioras in ran,S2.39$1.6975cMr. I. F . Chanslor, aged 68. fdiedsuddenly at his home on the Mayevillepike, one-half mile south of town, Saturday afternoon at i.5 :30 o'clock. Mr.Chanslor was apparently in goodhealth and had attended to his farmduties all during the day. On Fridayevening he ate a light suDper and Saturday he complained of feeling badly.At noon, however, he ate a hearty dinner. In the afternoon his daughter.Miss Florence, came to town, goingto the farailv n lysician, Dr. Huffman,procured medicine for him, which,however,.was not to be taken untilbedtime.After Mr. Chanslor had done his evening farm work, he went to the houseand as supper was not ready, lay downon the couch in his room. A littlelater one of his daughterswent to himand found him heavily asleep. Shemade a slight unsuccessful attempt toarouse him, but failing to do so, wasnot particlarly alarmed. A little latertwo of thedaughtersjwcr seated on theveranda, he was hetrJ, as theythought, to sneeze, and one of themwent to him and found him dead.The family phvsician, Dr. Huffman,was hastily summoned. Mr. Chanslorhas been subject to attacks of indigestion for several years, but recentlythese attacks were less frequent andhis general condition was thought tobe much improved.He was a native of Mason countv.and one of a large family, being bornnear Sardis. Early in life he wasunited in marriace to Miss Jane Rachael Reese and began life as a farmernear Shannon. For a time he was anextensive dealer in tobacco and hogs.In 1838 he sold his Mason county farmto Mr. H. D. Watson and purchasedthe Robert McClellan farm near Millersburg. Since coming to Bourbon he has confinedjhis attentions almost entirely tofarming and gardening. He was thej father of eight children, six daughters, Mesdames Frank Armstrong.Maysville, Berry Bedford, Lexington,T. R. Wilson, Robertson Station,Misses Anna, Florence and LillianChanslor, at home two sons, Messrs.W. T. Chanslor. Little Rock, and I. F.Chanslor, Jr., Maysville.He united with the MethodistChurch early in life, and while a resident of Mason County was an officer inthe old Shannon church. His wife preceded him to thejirave the latter partof August, 1911The funeral took place Monday afternoon at 4 o'clock from his late residence, Rev. W. A.JSwift, of the.Methodisi Church, officiating, assisted byDr. C. C. Fisher. The remains weretaken this morning to Maysville andfrom "there to Shannon cemetery,where they were laid to rest by theside of those of his wife.Mrs. W. R. Barnes is visiting relatives at Sharpsburg.Miss Irene Tackett is visiting relatatives at Owingsville.Mr. B. A. Neal had delivered-to himFriday his new automobile.Miss Calla Lee McNamara visitedfriends in Paris last .week.Mr. and Mrs. F. J. Saavge, of Paris,are guests of Mr. T. E. Savage.Mrs. Day of 'Covington, is the guestof her sisterr Mrs. W. V. Hoffman.Mrs. Thomas McCIinotck leavestoday for a visit to relatives in Kansas. Born, Sturday, to Mr. andMrs. Mordica Myers, a daughter, the fourthborn.Mr. C. N. Johnson returned Fridayafter a ten-days' sojourn at SwangoSprings.Miss Jennie Maurie Pepper is visiting her uncle, Mr. C. S. Blackerby,in Pars.Miss Willie Denton leaves today fora visit to Miss Sadie Richards, in Mt.Vernon.Miss Dorothy Peed was the guest ofher cousin, Mrs. Albert Hinton, atParis, this week.Mrs. Mattie Purncll and daugtitei.Mi'bs Bessie, are guest of Mrs. E. T.Beeding, at Lexington.Miss Sadie Richards has returned toher home at Mt. Vernon, after a visitto Miss Willia 3entonMr. Edear Collins and sister. MissEthel, and Miss Pearl Williams werein Lexington, Friday.LittleMiss Louise Collier and Master Edgar McClintock have returnedfrom Lake Chautauqua, N. Y.Miss Jennie Marie Pepper leaves today for Paintsville to attend a houseparty given by Miss Nola Redd.Mrs. L. T. Vimont has "returned after a few das s visit to her cousin,Mrs. James McCarthy, at.Paris.Mrs. Atchison, of Caldwell College,Danville, arrived Friday as guest ofMesdames W. G. Dailey and J. A. Butler. Di. and Mrs. Winn Butler, of Cincinnati, were euests of fcheir aunt, MrsAmerica Eut'er and family, yesteday.rnev were enroute to .Lexington.Mss. Comtnrnodjie Grinnell and little ton. Chfcs. Svinford, returned totheir home at Cyi thiana, Fridav, after a week's visi to her parents, Mr.and Mrs. Henry Sheeler.Mr. John Shea and family, of Paris,have moved to rooms in Miller Flat.Mr. Shea is in poor health. He is ason of Mrs. Russell Mitchell andbrother of Mrs. L. T. Vimont.The following were among those whoattended the funeral of Mr. I. C.Chanslor yesterday : Mr. and Mrs.Berry Bedford and daughter, MissEma, of Lexington; Mrs. Frank Armstrong and son, John, Mrs. J. T. Parker, Messrs. J. C. Jefferson and T. C.Chanslor, Jr., of Maysville; Mr. andMrs. JH. W. Jefferson, Mayslick.The following is taken from the Parker, Ind. t Review: "Mrs. K. R.Vaught entertained at dinner Tuesdayin honor of her sister, Miss Belle Taylor Judy, of Millersburg. Ky., the following : JMisses Cora and Abigail Cannaday, Jessie and Josie Duckin. of Salem, Mrs. JR. P. Harper, of Bloomington, and the Misses Hazel Hakper andMildred Vaught."--S. L.Gibbs, sold to Joseph Bales,of Madison county, for Swarczbild &Sulzberge forrty head of export cattlefor September delivery at $7.50 a hundred. James L. Gay & Son of Versailles,have sold their five-year-old chestnutshow mare. Lula Logan, by EmeraldChief, to William Bush, of Michigan,for $1,000.H. N. Rankin, of Carlisle, sold recently his large black team.and.a sorrel horse to a Robertson county partjiorl$250 each. These horses were 5years old and very fine specimens.George C. Hollloway, one of thebest known farmers in Jessaminecounty, has lost within the last twoweeks fifty pedigreed hogs as the result of vaccination to prevent cholera.The famous Helm farm near Eliazbethtown has been sold for the consideration of $5,000. The farm contains 1,063 acres. The Heml place wasformerly the home of the late Gov.Helm and is well known all over theState.The followingfKentucky fairs willbe held this week : Taylorsville, beginning Tuesday, 4 days ; Uniontown,Tuesday. 5 days; Winchester. Wednesday. 4 days Danville, Wednesday,3 days; Mt. Vernon, Wednesday. 3ays ; Versailles, Wednesday, 3 days.Wheat in Mason county is thrashing out much better than was anticipated earlier in the season. Severalfarmers have reported as much astwenty-five bushels to the acre, whileone has produced thirty-five bushels tothe acre. The quality is always abovethe average.J. E. McClure. of Montgomery, recently sold to Henry Caywood, ofNorth Middletown, a five year old gelding by Highland Gay, dam FannieMack 5733, by Bourbon Chief 976.Price $200. Fannie Mack is the 'damof a sensational'3 y:ar old mere in thestable ofMr. Elmer Railey, her sirebeing Golden King.The new owners of the Farmers'and Planters'Loose Leaf Tobacco Warehouse Company,of Maysville. the Louisville Tobacco Warehouse Company,Wednesday, formally took over fourfifths of the capital stock and reorganized by electingofficers and directors.The regular annual stockholders' meetingwill be held inSeptember.The Farmers' Union MercantileCompany, organized by the Fiaimers'Union of Nicholas county, has openeda large business house in Calisle wit'iSimon Kenton, of Nicholas, as manager. R. B. Brierly, ot East Union,is president, and George M. Wilson, ofCarlisle is secretary and treasurer.The company is capilized at $6,0U0 andis backed by more than 1,000 membersof the Farmers' Unoin in that county.Commissioner of Agricnlture Newman has determined this year to holdthe farmers' institute only in the counties in which they are represented. Hestated that in the past year $15,000had been spent in county institutes,in many instances the attendance being so small as not pay the expenses.Three lecturers will be in the fieldand lecture the farmers where gtheyare invited.At the Capitatl Fair at Frankfort,McKee Bros., of Versailles, were verysuccessful with their herd of DurocJersey hogs. They carried off all thefirst premiums with the exception ofunder six moths boars and under yearsows. In the latter class they weresecond. Geo. Clayton, former! ofBourbon, is with Mr. McKee, and willhave a bunch of the premium hogs atthe Bourbon fair next month.Total receipts jf live stock on theChicago market for week of July 29were, in round numbers, 30,800 cattle,109,800 hogs and 114,600 aheep. Theweek's receipts, compared t with theprevious week, in round numbers, decreased 2,200 cattle, iHceased 12,700hogs and increased 17,400 sheep.Compared with the corresponding period a year ago cattle decreased 29,600,hogs ll,000.and sheep 4,900.MonteFox, of Bovle county, hasrecently shipped 5077 extra fine cattleto the New York market ; the cattlewere purchased at $7 to $8.50 a hundred ; the best bunch of the lot waspurchased from William Layson. ofMillersburg, who had seventeen headthat averaged 1,559 pounds, for whichhe paid $8.25 a hundred pounds. Thenext best lot was purchased from V. P.Ferguson, also of Bourbon cr,unty.His cattle averaged 1,464 pounds. Inthis sdipmpnt there were eighty-onehead, which averaged 1,440 pounds,which he purchased from C. P. "Cecil,of Boyle county. They were boughtat $8 per hundred.Greater activity has been noticedamong tobacco warehouse men duringthe past week in this State than everbefore, and the indications point toLouisville warehouse men controllingthe large warehouses in Kentucky.The two largest warehouses in Lexington have been taken over, the Independent Warehouse at Maysville hasbeen pnrchased, and option "has beensecured on the Frankfort Warehouse,and .the Farmers' Loose Leaf Warehouse, in Carrollton, has been boughtby the Louisville Tobacco vV-rJiou eCompany.The report is" that some of the warehouses will be closed, but little credence fas teen given such a report.Theactivity of the Louisville tobaccomen does not discourage the Equityplanters, for plans are now on foot toerect large warehouses in many, ifnot all, of the large tobacco centers inthe burley district.Ftea for Simple Diet."Simple diet," said Pliny, "is best,for many dishes bring many diseases;and rich sauces are worse than evenheaping several meats upon eachother."Matting Rugs.l nother lot of 9 feet by 12 feetRever3ible Matting Rugs, $3.45.3 feet by 6 feet, 45 cents.Also 11 feet 8 inches by 9 feet,stenciled on one side. Matting Rugs,tpid.oO.On sale now.12jly-tf. J. T. HINTON.W9 6 BIO...SEPTEMBER...9,10,11,12,13,14,1912ATKentucky State FairLIBERAL PREMIUMS OFFEREDDaily Races Free Attractions Clean MidwayLIBERATTS BANDFarmer Boys School Encampment REDUCED RAILROAD RATESmFor Information, Entry Blanks, Catalogi'rtlaressJ. !. DENT, SECY.320 PAUL JONES BUILDING LOUISVILLE. KYHHMHBMHHGarth Fund Beneficiaries.The Garth Fund Commissioners,composed of Messrs. John T. Collins,of North Middletown. and Claude M .Thomas and Emmett M. Dickson, ofParis, submitted their report to theFiscal Court, Thursday.In their report the Commissionersstate that thevhave carefully examinedthe old beneficiaries who applied for jassistance from the fund, as well as anumber of new applicants.In commenting on the work accomplished be the applicants the reportsays that several of the boys havemade excellent progress, while someare apparently not appreciative of the )opportunity given them. The reportstates that these boys have been notifiedby the Commissioners that they mustmake commendable progress the comingyear or they will not again be assisted.The Commissioners state that in thefuture the number of beneficiaries willbe reduced, and that larger amountswill be paid those who are worthy, andwho appreciate the advantages extendedto them. These boys will be chosenstrictly by the grade attained uponexamination, and by their reports fromthe schools attended during the previousyear.The report further states that in theopinionof the Commissioners, that ofthe entire number of applicants for theGarth Fund during each year, onlyeight or ten in the long run proveworthy, and they say that on that account the number of new applicantsaccepted annually should be reducedlargely, and a larger sum of moneyappropriated to the hard working andworthy applicants.The Commissioners selected twentythree old beneficiaries for the comingyear, appropriating the sum of $1,685for their use, while the new applicantsnumber eleven, who were appropriatedthe sum of $310, making a total ofthirty-four young men being educatedby the Garth Fund, entailing an expensein the sum of $1,995.The following is the list of beneficiaries, of the past year who have beencontinued for the coming year, and thenew beneficiaries, together with theamount of money apportioned to each,as follows:OLD BENEFICIARIES:Edward Brophy $ 60Paul Brannon.l 30Wayne Cottingham 30Herbert Cravens 40Charles Dickerson 70Emerson Galloway 150William Boardman 75Burford Curtis 40Ellis Hayden 125James Horton 30William Lail 125Joseph Letcher 40Thomas Letton i 65William Lenihen 65Thomas Link 25Robert Lusk 60William Mastin 40Frank McCarthy 125Weaver Neal 175Roy Pepper 110Herman Santen 65Allen Smith 25William K. Thomas 115NEW BENEFICIARIES:Joseph Ashcraf t $30"William Carter 25Finnell Estes 25James Everman 30Clyde Forman 40Eli Friedman 35J. T. Redmon 25Madison Smoot 25Dennis Snapp 25Baldwin Woods 25Edward Woods 25Refrigerators; Lawn and Porch lFurniture.See my immense stock of refrigerators; everv size and of besl'makea.My assortment of lawn porch furniture is unequaled. . 'A splendid line of rugs, carpets andWdil paper to select from.Call and lock them o er. Pricesmost re..sotii.ble. .J. T. HINION.The Supreme Test."Job was supposed to be a most na.tient man," remarked the Observer of 'Events and Things, "but we neverheard of any one seeing him trying toget a lively ,eel off a fishhook."Yonkers Statesman.Worth of Clothes.The Influence of clothes must contlnue to be, as it has been from thebegin aing of histroy, either "sacred oror profane;- a foremost factor in thoseforces by wMch man's destiny isguideX His health and comfort, aimsand purposes, social standing andbnsintts prosperity; everything indeedthat makes his life worth living maybe affected by it in directions neverdreamed of by the tailor who, if hedoes not actually make the man, iselinstruxnental in making himVTHEHeavy Vote In State Primary.Reports from nearly everv Drecinctin Kentucky show a remarkably heavy' vote in the first State-wide rrimarvever held in the State, Saturday.In the Third district, where Congressman R. Y. Thomas is seeking reelection, with Thomas H. Rhea opposing him, the vote is so close thatit will take a recount before the re-suit is determined.Rhea is claiming:the district by 200missing precinctsshort lead.majority, but themay wipe out hisIt was the first opportunity womenhad to take part in the elections, theybeing able to vote on school questions,but they did not come out in numbers,and the vote was much lighter thanwas anticipated.'In the first district A. W. Becrkleyrecftived a majority of over 1,000 overhis competitors for the DemocraticCongressional nomination,The Third is doubtful, and theEight, in which there was the onlyother real contest, gave CongressmanHarvy Helm a vote of 4 to 1 over hisopponent, Judge Jere Sullivan, forthe nomination.Congressman A. O. Stanley, in theJb'irst; Ben Johnson, in the Fourth;Swager Sherley, in the Fifth ; A. B.Rouse, in the Sixth; W. J. Fields, inthe Ninth, and B. V. Smith, in theEleventh, were without opposition.buy A New One.Throw awey that Jold Straw Hatand get one at 33J.2-2t MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.Shocking Soundsin the earth are sometimes heard before a terrible earthquake, that warnof the coming peril. Nature's warningsare kind. That dull pain or ache inthe back warns you the Kidneys needattention. If you would escape thosedangerous maladies, Dronsy, Diabetesor Bright s disease take Electric Bitters at once and see backache fly andall your best feelings return. "Myson received great benefit from theiruse for kidnev and bladder trouble,"writes Peter Bondy, South Rockwood,Mich., "It is certainlv a great kidney medicine." Try it. 0 cents atOberdrfer's. 3CURIOUS BITSOF HISTORYA DUMPING GROUND FOR. JAIL-BIRDS.-c By A. W. MACY. "xPrior to the revolution England used the American colonies as a dumping-ground forher undesirable citizens. It Isestimated that between 1717 and1775 not less than 50,000 convicts, of all kinds and of bothsexes, were taken from the jailsof Great Britain and Ireland andtransported to the Americancolonies, where they were condemned to hard labor and hiredout to the settlers. The Maryland colony suffered most fromthe affliction, 20,000 or more ofthe jail-birds being sent there.Some of them, however, hadbeen convicted of slight offenses,and were) easily transformed into good , citizens of the newworld.J(Copyright 1911, by Joseph B. Bowles.)"Mk" Davis !IU TiWanw flgeniLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paving Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 127Tobacco Farmers, Opportunity.Very productivehd fertile Tobaccolands, free fromistone, excellentwater, climatic anhealty conditions ;with finest autombile roads in theSouth,peopleNear city ok fifteen thousandAn extra inducement to encourage tobacco raising. "We will selltnese lands m tracts of eighty acresup, at from 112.00 feo $20.00 per acre,payable ten per cent cash and tenyears on balance if necessary, withix per ce nt interest on deferred paj -laents.AddressNATCHES DISTRICT DEVELOPMENT LEAGUE, Natchez, Miss.Bafla JtU2y-Im)'V,A .x.- j v . skkj6r"f ( -'.f-