IKTHE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JANUARY 16, 1912SIMONDep't Store,White Sale andClearance SaleBegins Jan. 13,Ends Jan. 27.ILSIMON DEPARTMENT STOREParis, KentuckyJrNEW TEAR S RESOLUTIONS.First we promise to give our customers honest andcourteous treatment, and the same goods for less money.We promise to do a straight cash business during theyear 1912, and all who trade with us will sure get theirmoney's worth. You will get no duns from us. Youwon't have to pay the other fellow's debts and you canbe free and trade where you please. What does 30 dayscredit amount to? Not a thing, only higher prices foryour goods. Money is just as hard to raise in 30 daysafter date, as to pay as you go. Don't take our word, buttry for yourself.15 lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.00Damask Rose Corn, 2 cans 15cBaby Bunton Corn, 3 cans 25cSweet Potatoes, 2 cans 25cCrack Homney, per lb 2 l-2cFlake Homney, per lb 4cFull qt, Karo Syrup 10cGood Rice, per lb . 5cPrunes, per lb 10cMedium Size Mackerel 5cLarge Size Mackerel, 3 for 25cLenox Soap, 8 bars 25cArgo Starch, 3 boxes 10c5 gal. the best Oil , .45cUSE BLUE RIBBON FLOURThe Best in the WorldBlus Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 70Blue Ribbon Flour, 501b. Sack... 1.40Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.75T. &. LE1NIHAN, Prop.Both Phones 234Watch this Space Next Week,3tovctsrsMMmmm1IIREDUCTION SALE OFPRICE & CO.W$ Men's Suits and Overcoats, m$30.00. :now $22.5025.00 now22.50.20.00.18.00.15.00.12.50-4 i. now.. ...now,..:..now.......nownow18.7517.0015.0013.5011.759.357.50sill10.00...... nowIf in need, now is your time to buy. Comeand get a good selection.PR16& & 60. Giotniers1XIRevenue Agents Collect BackTaxes.State Revenue Agent M.JP. Rehorn,assisted by Mr. M. P. Gilfallen, filedsuits to the number of one hundred andtwenty-five in the Bourbon countycourt for the collection of back taxesfor the year of 1911. The suits amountin the aggregate to the sum of $5,986.95, fifty per cent of which will beturned .into the State Treasury and theremainder to "be used for countypurposes, less the attorney's fees attached. The collections for the yearof 1910 were S6.102.68, or $115.73 morethan that of the year of 1911. Thoseaganist whom the suits were filed areas follows:Laura' Estill Frances, $29.Thomas Doolan, 120.W. W. Haley, 34.Callie J. Thomas, 75.Leer Stout, 10.E. B. Sparks, 30.K. J. Neely, 70. . . .E. H. Goiey 22.W. L. tferkes, 11.B. A. and R. L. Frank, Ex., 52.Wm. Isgrigg, 123.J. Will Bedford, 29..Mary Woodford, 17.Wm. Miller, S8.Jasper and Cordelia Offiutt, 45.Margaret Stivers, 10.John W. Tamme, 115.Annie J. McLear, 47.Frank Isgrigg, 20.George Wilder 10.Frank & Co., 104. .George Wyatt, 96.A. G. Jones, 69.N. Kriener, 199.George Varden, 22. 'Alfred Clay, 10.80.Mrs. Birdie Beatty, 13.J. L. Denton, 87.S. S. Clay, 48.J. T. Tate, 58.Mrs. Effie Jones, 163. 4George Clay, 9.E. P. Claybrook, 25.W. B. Flauders, 107. - .J. D. Booth, 47.John Brophy, 87.Mrs. R. A. Hughes, 10.Kate Wilson, 76.Wm. Fitzgerald, 5. xJune and Russell Hickman, 46.W. H. Anderson, 64.D. Hume, 13. 1D. S. Henry. 30.H. D. Alexander, 3C.J. S. Wilson & Bro., 28.M. Flanagan, 34.L. A. Soper, 50.John L. Soper, 49.Milt Abnee, 38.Ray Cunningham, 29.50.George K. Pepper, 28.50.Mrs. H. C. and Nellie Buckner, 60.R. C. Skillman, 888.Mollie Barlow, 60Newton Mitchell. 26Mrs Ella Davis, 15.50.Dr. W. V. Huffman. 41.W. W. Hall, 66..1. A. Larue & Bro., 27.W. D. Mclntrye, 23.Hallie C. Ardery, 100.J. T. Toad vine, 27.V. L. Barton, guardian, 200.J. W. Ferguson, 10.Ben Allison, 10.Forest Letton, administrator, 30.Walter Clark, 46.J. T. Hall. 9.J. C. Mf.Daniel. 239.Mrs. Bettie Mcllvain, 12.G. W. Reynolds, 14.Sam Mlay, administrator, 12.Mrs. Lillie Burberry, 54.O. Edwards, 12.Mrs. Alice War, 66.Mary E. Turney, 100.Mack Grimes, 12.P. M. Heller. 25.Mary E. Honey, 28.Rebecca Liter, 10.50.J. F. Weatherall, 80.John Donaldson, 265,J. F. Caldwell, 30.Martha Hail, 32.Sam W. Sorners, 32.J. W. Young, 29.Lula Stivers, 20.J T. Collins, Ex., Skillman, 14.Catesby Woodford, 60.W. B.' Woodford, 35.W. V. and Mary Huffman, 40.Wm. Rogers, 9.25.French Thompson, 26.Mrs. Frances Chappell, 10.W. M. Rose, 23.Fithian & Daugherty, 11.C. G. Daugherty, 9.C. G. and James Daugherty, administrators, 35.Elnor Ham, 34. ,J. D. Burman, 46,W.K. Hopkins, 140.Margaret Turner, 37. ,Joe Fritz, 27.Ford & Co., 48. ,Henry Craig, Ex., Allison 379.C. E. Peterson, 42.Mary G. Hinton, 15J. W. and J. L. Jacoby, 9.SmedleyBroB., 19.90.George McCloud, 36.J. P. and C. P. Beach 43.rI "WE KNOW HOW"J anuary Clearance SaleON ALL WINTER GOODS!Suits, Overcoats, Underwear, Shirts and Men'srurnishm&s. JNow is Your Chance to Rnvw w jW a Suit or Overcoat at Reducer! Price1 And if You Are in Need of Under Clothes, this isf theStore to Make Your Purchase.$35.00 Suits and Overcoats ! $27.9530.00 Suits 23.9527.50 Suits 21.9525.00 Suits 18.9522.50 Suits.... ;. 16.9520.00 Suits 14.9518.00 Suits . 13.4515.00 Suits 11.9512.50 Suits 9.9510.00 Suits 7.459fanhattan Shirts$2.50 Shirts ; 12.00 Shirts1.50 Shirts .1.00 and $1.50 Shirts$1.88. 1.48. 1.15. .50IFor THE Bargains SeeMitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to MenParis, Kentucky5FRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.!Albert Anton. 21.Mrs. Carrie Fisher, 19.Grant Overby, 5.Liru W. Longmore, 30.Lizzie Murphy, 12.Mollie Lair, 20.R. L. Collins, 29.G. V. Higgins. 65.Litch Bannister, 69.4Call and See.Your spceial attention is called tothe reductions in clothing and shirtswe are now offering. Call and see. '12 2t MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.Clay on Several Committees.In the announcement of the HouieCommittees made by Speaker Terrellat Frankfort last week, Hon. SidneyG. Clay, Representative from Bourboncounty, was put on the following committees : Fish and Game, Interurbanand City Railways, Cities of theFourth Class, Tuberculosis and wasmade chairman of the committee onRacing Commission.CaleAndSpecial SaleWhiteoods and Muslin UnderwearBegins Saturday, January 13, 1912,Ends Saturday, January 20, 1912.Bigger and Better Bargains Than Ever.Don't 'Miss This Sale.; Frank & Co.Paris5 - - Kentucky1V.'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY; JAN. 16, 1912.1ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.will not be yours unless youlfave a parlor stove as artisticas it is serviceable. Have alook at the stoves in tins hardware store. , They are brightand attractive and really betterheat makers than the ugliestold stove you ever saw. Prettiuess costs nothing either;Plain stoves cannot be boughtcheaper.liOWRY & TALBOTTParis, Kentucky4 Bourbon LaundryD:VIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice.A P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables U3to get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Bourbon Laundry,Parts, Kentucky. -if;O. H. CHENAULT, Pres. Z. T. SELLERS Vice-Pres.R.4 L. BAKER, Sect, and Treas.B. P. BUCKLEY and D. W. CSOTT, Managers.The Central Kentucky TobaccoWarehouse Company(Incorporated)Warehouse and Redryerm A2o. 574-595 South Upper Street 415-40o South Slmestone StreetBoth phones 965 "LEXINGTON, KENTUCKY' OPEN DAY AND NIGHTWe Are Now Open and Ready For Business.The Leading Warehouse of Lexington Past Season,The Largest Loose Leaf House in the State.Sales capacity of five hundred thousand pounds daily. Roomon driveways for one hundred and fifty loaded wagons.Stalls for three hundred horses. Our sales the past seasonamounted to four million pounds. With our large and wellequipped warehoush; the experience and success of the pasttwo years enables us to guarantee our customers the bestprices and the best treatment. Come and see us and lookouer our house before selling your tobacco. We have" calculators to figure the sabs behind the auctioneers on the floor.As fast as the crop is sold the farmer gets his cash. Tryus once and you will come back again.STOCKHOLDERS AND DIRECTORSIT. P. Barnard, Louisville, Ky.J. C. Scone, Louisville, Ky.W. P. Barnard, Louisville, Ky.B. C. Crawford, Louisville, Ky.TJ. C. Bright, Louisville, Ky.O. H. Chenault, Lexington, Ky.R, L. Baker, Lexington, Ky.Dan W. Scott, Lexington, Kv.Z. T. Sellers, Versailles, Ky."J. 0. Roberts, Auctioneer.Hoy McCray, of Bourbon, is with" the Central House, and1 will be pleased to have his friends bringitheir tobacco to him9 and tcTcome to" the house to see him at all times, as he willbe there to look after their interest.The Poolof FlameiByLOUIS JOSEPH VANCEIllustrations by Ellsworth YouagCopyright 1909, by Louis. Joseph VanceSYNOPSIS.JPUBLiC SALEOFDesirable ResidenceBronze Turkeys For ale.Fine stock at reasonable prices.MRS. CHAS. R. WHITE,R. F. D. No. 8.E. T. Phone 736 2-rings.the1 will sell at public auction onyraaisee at 2 o'clock p.-m., onIfimrsday, January 18, 1912,rav desirable residence property, No.:360 Stoner avenue.Lot fronts 115 feet oti Stoner avenue 0f beautifulzxtm eXtenGS oaCK xw ieeu lue reoi-sfof bag six rooms and kitchen, andtbre fealls and three porches : pressesmcy joora ; large store room andgmitrjr; is piped for gas and wired forotitic lights ; splendid cistern, coal-sWw,; large dairy, carpenter shop,lawi poultry bouses, wood shed, boata&tW, and splendid grape arbor.PjMipective purchasers invited tonsjct tfce property.aMS Made known on day of sale.MRS L. V. FOOTE,Home Phone 518.3UtgKmvieft Auctioneer.Mwillill, at the ijmi tima sevenStrafe a!Ijijgidjnii3itlM.MRS.L. V. FOOTED.LADT WANTED.To introduce our very complete linewool suitings, washfabrics, fancy waistinss. silks, etc..handerchiefs, laces and petticoats. Allup to date N. Y. City patterns. Finestline on the market. Dealing directwith the mills you will find our priceslow. Profits $10.00 to $30.00 weekly.Samples and full instructions packedin a neat sample case shipped expressprepaid. No money required. Exclusive territory. Write for particulars.Be first to apply.STANDARD DRESS GOODS CO.,Deik 605. ' ' Bfnghamfon, N. Y.Gt tt Bock's.. For a nice hath, hair cut or shave,go;to Buck's barter shop. ; Tkrse fir stela barters. ; ' ": f iaf tfCHAPTER I. The story opens atMonte Carlo with Col. Terence O'Rourkein his hotel. O'Rourke, a military freelance and something of a gambler, isdressing for appearance in the restaurantbelow when the sound of a girlish voicesinging attracts his attention. Leaningout on the balcony he sees a' beautifulgifKwho suddenly disappears. He rushesto the corridor to see a neatly gownedform enter the elevator and pass fromsight.CHAPTER II. O'Rourke's mind isfilled with thoughts of the girl, and whenhe goes to the gaming table he allows hisremarkable winnings to accumulate indifferently. He notices two men watching him. One is the Hon. Bertie Glynn,while his companion is Viscount DesTrebes. a noted duelist. "When O'Rourkoleaves the table the viscount tells him herepresents the French government andthat he has been directed to O'Rourke asa man who .would undertake a secretmission.CHAPTER III. At his room O'Rourke,who had agreed to undertake the mission,awaits the viscount. O'Rourke finds amysterious letter in his apartment. Theviscount arrives, hands a sealed packageto O'Rourke, who Is not to open it untilon the ocean. He says the French government will pay O'Rourke 25,000 francsfor liis services. A pair of dainty slippers are seen protruding1 from under adoorway curtain and the viscount chargesO'Rourke with having a spy secretedthere.CHAPTER TV. "When the Irishmangoes to his room he finds there the owner of the mysterious feet. It is his wife,Beatrix, from whom he had run away ayear previous. They are reconciled, andopening the letter he had received, hefinds that a law firm in Rangoon, India,offers him 100,000 pounds for an Indianjewel known as the Pool of Flame andleft to him by a dying friend. O'Rourketells his wife that it is In the keepingof a friend named Chambret in Algeria.CHAPTER V. O'Rourke is forced tofight a duel with the viscount. The braggart nobleman is worsted in the combatand acts the poltroon.CHAPTER VI. The loyal wife bidsO'Rourke farewell and he promises tosoon return with the reward offered forthe Pool of Flame. He discovers bothGlynn and the viscount on board thoship which takes him to Algeria.CHAPTER VII. Chambret has left Algeria and O'Rourke has to gain a military detachment going across the desertto reach his friend. As he finds the latterthere is an attack by bandits andChambret is shot.CHAPTER VIII. Chambret dies telllnirO'Rourke that he has left the Pool ofFlame with the governor general of Algeria. He gives the colonel a signet ringat the sight of which he says the officialwill deliver over the jewel.CHAPTER IX. O'Rourke is attackedby Glynn and the viscount who ransackhis luggage, but he worsts them in theconflict.The .Honorable Bertie,. OTtourke discovered kneeling in the act of .turningthe adventurer's traveling gear insideout; at least, he seemed to be trying to do so. Monsieur le Vicomtedes Trebes on the contrary was seated at ease, facing O'Rourke, a revolveron the cushion beside him, his interest concentrated not upon his captive, upon his collaborator. O'Rourkeremarked an expression on the Frenchman's face, a curious compound ofeagerness, triumph and apprehension.Without noting the Irishman's ejeculation, he addressed Glynn: "Findit?""No worse luck!" grumbled thetEnglishman, rising and kicking thehand-bag savagely. "There isn't somuch as a scrap of paper anywhere jabout him."The vicomte favored O'Rourke witha vicious glance, muttering somethingabout a thousand devils. The Irishman, quick to grasp the situation andinwardly exulting, acknowledged DesTrebes' attention with a winningsmile."Good evening' he said, and noddedamiably."Oh, shut up!" snapped the Honorable Bertie, unhandsomely. "Where'sthat letter?"O'Rourke chuckled. "Ye're a hardloser, me bright young friend," hecommented. "I though Englishmen,always played the game a& it laid."Glynn grunted and flushed, shamefaced, J)ut the Frenchman cut shortthe retort on his lips by a curt repetition of Glynn's own question:"Where's that letter,, monsieur?"" O'Rourke glanced at him languidly,yawned, and smiled an exasperatingstrictly personal smile, Then significantly he clinked tbe handcuffs until they rang on wrist and ankle."Answer me!" snarled the vicomte,picking up his revolver."Divvle a word," observed O'Rourke,1 "will ye get from me if ye shoot medead, monsieur le vicomte. Put downyour pistol and be sensible."iDes Trebes' face darkened, suffused with the blood of his rage. Yetthe man. asserted that admirable control of self which he was able to employ when it suited his purposes. Evidently, too, he recognized the coldcommon-sense of the wanderer's remark. At all events he put aside theweapon."Where's the letter?" he demandedagain, more pacifically.Again O'Rourke yawned with malice prepense, yawned deliberately andexhaustively and dispassionately."Not a word," he volunteered .atlength, "until ye loose me hands and.ft Which," he added, "ye need nothesitate to - do, f or I'lt not itrlia hackunless ye crowdThe vicomte scowled darkly for ftmoment, plainly dubious. Then presumably upon, the consideration thathe could trust O'Rourke's wtrd andthat most" assuredly he would learnnothing from him until his requestwas complied with, he growled an order to Glynn to unlock and removethe handcuffs. The Englishman obeyed. Free, O'Rourke stretched himself,rubbed his wrists, and observed acollection of his pocket hardware lying upon the seat by him, thrownaside by Glynn in his disgust at notfinding what he sought."Ye!! not be wanting to depriveme of these few trifles,- me gay highwaymen, I'm thinking?" he inquiredplacidly of the pair. "If ye've no objection I'll make so free as to takeback me own.""Take what you want," returnedDes Trebes in an ugly tone. "ButI give you three minutes to tell mewhere you have put that letter.""Indeed? Your courtesy overpowersme." The Irishman took up his watchand calmly made a note of the hourhard upon three in the morning; then,with easy nonchalance stowed it awaywith the rest of the miscellaneous collection the knives, coins and keys,his wallet, tickets and so forth."Your time," the voice of the vicomte interrupted this occupation, "isup." He fingered hisrevolver "Whereis that letter? I am losing patience.""Where rust nor moth cannot corrupt nor thieves break in to steal,"O'Rourke misquoted solemnly."Steady. Don't call names or I'llforget meself. I mean that the letteris in fragments, scattered to the fourwinds of heaven, destroyed. There yehave your answer. Ye fools, did yethink I would carry it about me?""By God!" said Glynn tensely. "Nodon't shoot him, Des Trebes! He'stelling the truth. Mako him tell whatwas in the letter." ."I'm afraid 'tis useless," O'Rourkemocked them. "I have forgotten thecontents. What use to me to remember?" he demanded, inspired."What made ye think I would haveit at all? Sure, and the letter wasproperly Chambret's. Why would Inot turn it over to him?""Oh, cut it!" Glynn interrupted impatiently. "We know he's dead. Thenews was heliographed in from thecolumn day before yesterday.""Quite so. Yet, if ye know so much,if as I gather ye suspect that Chambret turned over this precious jewelto me, why do ye not demand it aswell as the letter? Not that I haveeither.""Because we joliy well know youhaven't got the ruby," blurted theEnglishman."Be quiet!" snapped the vico'mte."Quite right," echoed O'Rourke withassumed indignation. "Be quiet, Bertie. Children should be seen and notheard. Mind your uncle." And, "Oho!"he commented to himself. "And theyknew I didn't have the Pool of Flame!Let me think. . . . Oh, faith, 'tisjust bluffing they are!"Afraid of GhostsMany people arc afraid of ghosts. Few peopleare afraid of germs. Yet the ghost is a fancyandthe germ is a (act. If the germ could be magnifiedto a size equal to its terrors it would appear moreterrible than any fire-breathing dragon. Germscan't be avoided. They arc in ths sir wc breathe,the water we drink.The germ can only prosper when the conditionof the system gives it free scope to establish itself and dcvelon. When there is a deficiency ofvital force, languor, restlessness, a sallow cheek 1a hollow eye, when the appetite is poor and thesleeo is broken, it is time to guard against, the gem. You canfortify the body against ail germs by the use of Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery. It increases the vital power, cleanses thesystem of clogging impurities, enriches the blood, puts the stomach and organs of digestion and nutrition in working condition, sothat the germ finds no weak or tainted spot in which to breed."Golden Medical Discovery" contains no alcohol, whisky orhabit-forming drugs. All its ingredients printed on its outsidewrapper. It i3 not a secret nostrum but a medicine op knowncomposition and with a record of 40 years of cures. Accept nosubstitute there is nothing "just as good." Ask your neighbors."You say," the viscomte continuedslowly and evenly, "you've destroyedthe letter."O'Rourke took up pipe and tobacco."I told ye," he replied, filling thebowl, "that the letter was non-existent.Now, me man," he continued, withan imperceptible change of tone, "dropthe bluff. Turn that nisfol away from(Continued on Page 6)Parson's Poem a Gem.From Rev. H. Stabenvoll, Allison.Ia , in praise of Dr. King's New LifePills:"They're such a health necessity.In every home these pills shoufd be.If other k;nds vou've tried in vain,USE DR. KING'SAnd be well again,Only 25e at Oberdorfer's.Ends Winter's Troubles.To many winter is a season of trouble. The frost-bitten toes and fingerschapped hands and lips, chilblains,cold sores, red and rough skins.provethis. Bnb soch troubles fly beforeBucklen's Arnica Salve. Atrial convinces, Greatest heater of burns,boils, piles, cuts, sores, bruises, eczema and'sprains. 25c at Oberdorfer's.are theTwo Great Creatorsof EnergyEnergy means powerpower to work, to think,to throw off and keepoff disease.Get all the sunshineyou can, and takeScott's Emulsionregularly. It will giveyou strength, flesh andvitality. sBe rare tm get SCOTTSit'e the Standard and rniwrnythe bzt. 'AI, DRUGGISTS11-19GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBiLIEl.BOTH 'PHONES DAY 137; 3STGHT 299.m "nitfThe Best is none loo good ior you.and make the Women happy.Podson & DentonPARIS, KY.Ill '"X1 1 1 1' 1 4 ii' n 1 mm i1East Tenn. Telephone CoINCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North JMiddletown, Little1 RockRuddles Mills.- "Whenyou have East Tennessee serviceHAVE telephone service."you3MThe East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporated1 - i ii i NFOR RENT.New cottage of five rooms on EastMain street.MRSi ELIZABETH C. ROGERS.FOR SALE.I have for sale a few choice RhodeIsland Red roosters. Price $2.50 each.Also, Mallard ducks at SI each.CHARLTON CLAY.5 4t E. T. Phone 57.Joe G. Mitchell,Against Fire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies.Phone 162Agent.A Reader Cures His Oonstipatiow Try It FreeSinpltway ftr any family it rtfain lb gi ktaRh tf all Us mantesThe editors of'Health Hints" and"Questions and Answers" have onequestion that is put to them more often than any other, and whichstrangely enough, they find the mostdifficult to answer. That is "Howcan I cure my constipation?"Dr. Caldwell, an eminent specialistin djseases of the stomach, liver andbowels, has looked the whole fieldover, has practised the specialty forforty years and .is convinced: that theingredients contained in what iscalled :Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsinhay the .best claim to attention ,fromconstipated people.Its ;Mkcess in. tlie cure of stubbornconstipation has done much to displace the use of salts, waters, strongcathartics and such things. SyrupPepsin, by training the stomach andbowel muscles to again do their worknaturally, and with its tonic ingredients strengthening the nerves, bringsabout a lasting cure. Among itsstrongest supporters are Mr. JohaGraveline of 98 Milwaukee Ave., Detroit, Mich., and Mr. J. A. Vernon ofOklahoma City. Thousands of'othersof both sexes have written; to Dr.Caldwell telling of gratifying results.It can be obtained of any druggist atfifty cents and one dollar a bottle, orif you want to try it first a" free sample bottle can be obtained by writingthe doctor. . rx-For the free sample address Dr.'W.6. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell btiiliiag.Mpnticello, 111;Sff!S5As$3WOB1 mmft ! , : !BEGINNINGm mt mmm mi mtw&m m mm mm m wtm m h h .msL jwswgfgi nv iwk am am jha jh m w JBL Uini offer to fSie oyblio our entire stock of Ladies', ion's and Children's Shoes at Emk Hedueadi J 'Prices. Nothing in the Shoe line will he held hack. Everything goes, as we need room for our newSpring Goods, in this sale we offer the following:Nettleton Russia Calf, regular price $7.00, sale price.. $5. 50Nettleton Vici Kid, regular price $7.00 5.50Nettleton Pat. Colt, regular price 6.50 4.75Nettleton Chrome Calf, regular price $6. 50 --- 4.75Nettleton Russia Calf, regular price $6.00 4.75Nettleton Patent Colt, regular price S6.50 4.50LADIES' S0R0SIS SHOES.Sorosis Suede Shoes, button, reg. price $5, sale price. $3.50Sorosis Pat. lace, regular price $5, salej)rice 3.50Sorosis Dull Kid, regular price $5, sale price 3.50Sorosis Velvet, button, regular price $4, sale price 3.25Sorosis Patent, button, regular price $4, pale price.-- 3.25Sorosis Kid, button or lace, reg. price 4, sale price--- 3.25Hanan Pat, Colt Shoe, reg. price $6.50, sale price $4.75Hanan Gun Metal, regular price $6.50, sale price 4. 75Hanan Vici Kid, regular price $6.50, sale price 4.75IitO3.1 -5ifALSO -----1 lot Nettleton Patent Colt Shoes, broken sizes --$3.481 lot Nettleton Gun Metal Shoes, broken sizes 2.93In these lots are good sizes.in calf and box calf, plain and cap toes, regularprice $6.00, sale price $4.75Ladies' Patent Kid, regular price $4, sale price-j-S2. 90Ladies' Suede, button, regular price $4, sale price 2.90( -Ladies' Velvet, button, regular price $4, sale price---- 2.90Ladies' Cravenette, button, reg.price $4, sale price--- 2.90Ladies Patent Kiel, regular price $3.50, sale price H2.60Ladies' Velvet; button, reg. price $3,50, sale price 2.60Ladies' Patent Kid, regular price $3, sale price 2.50Special Patent Colt, regular price 5, sale price.. .---S&.98Special Paten t Colt, regular price $4.50, sal price.. .48Special Patent Colt, regular price $4.00, sale price . . 3-483 001 Special Gun JVIetal, button,, reg. price $5, sale price -I Special Gun Metal Blucher, regular price $4, sale pries 3.48All Misses' and Children's Shoes in GunMetal, Patent and fiid at greatly reducedprices.AH Boys' and Youth'sJShoes reduced.MEN'S HIGH TOP SHOES.Men's Tan, 144n top, regular price $7. sale price.. . 5;25Men's Black, 14-in. top, regular price $6.00 4.75Men's Pearl Elk, 10-inch top, reg. price 6, sale price 4.75Men's Tan Waterproof, reg. top. reg. price $5, sale price 3.75Men's Pearl Elk, reg. top, reg. price $5, sale price., 3.75We have one lot of Ladies' Patent fiid Shoes, button and lace, broken sizes, regular price $3.50 and $4.00, sale price $1.43. I special lotLadies' Patent Kid Shoes, broken sizes, regular price $3.00 and $3.50, will close out at 93 cents. If you can get a fit in this lot you will get abargain. ' -HIS SALE IS FOR CASH ONLY.Nothing sent out on approval Our store will be closed Monday afternoon to mark down goods.H B bS IH H b lH b flH Ih B fllPi M i b b Ih B b IBbV HbhI vbkStw pbh filmj hIH bBIhk is nlllHflllllB t vllB siHa Hm BIIilllBflllH hBSHBEBbSSI slHH ISSHh HIIh SHilBi law pyITHE SHOE MANTHE BOURBON, NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY; JAN. 16, 1912.'' W life vv$ r .-announcement1Our CLEARANCE and WHITE GOODS SALEBeginning Monday, January 22Ending Saturday. J anuary 37CTT f The Entire StockV5J.SJ3 -At Unheard-of. Prices ; .T A fJ? fTTTT 4 TTQ The Largest Stock in Paris. ' " ' JLJLLsH, LtyjEVjLlll0-At Matchless Prices T" ":: Under MuslmsST . . s.White Goods"At Surprisingly Low Prices: TaMes LinenstfZesatterns .Laces and Embroideries 'Bargains in Every Department.Let Us Show You.We Are Going to Make This our Banner Sale.IV. HI). TUCKERJPUBLIC SALEOF ASplendid Bourbon County FarmHaving decided to quit farming, I will sell at public outcry onTUESDAY, JANUARY 23, 1912, AT 2 O'CLOCK, P. M.ON THE PREMISESmy farm of 362 acres, situated six miies west of Paris, Ky., on the Georgetown pike. The farm will be offered in five tracts, as follows:Tract No. 1 Lying on the Elizabeth Station pike and containing 50acres, more or less, of splendid land in a high state of cultivation. It iswell fenced and watered and has a comfortable five-room house, and a 20acre tobacco barn. , , , 0, ,.Tract No. 2 Lying on the Georgetown pike and Elizabeth btationturnpike, contains 50 acres of land, of which there is none better in thecounty. It has two tenant houses, fencing good, and an extra fine spring.Tract No. S Fronting on the Georgetown pike and extending bacu tothe P. & C. R. R., contains 50 acres, 30 acres being 16 year old Blue Grasssod, and balance in wheat. t , , t, i. iTracts Nos. J , 2 and 3 will be offered separately and then as a whole,and bftst bid accepted.Tract No. 4 Fronting on Georgetown pike and extending to X . & UTL. R., contains 60 acres, more or less, 11 acres of virgin soil, balance in rye,wheat and stubble. It has a 10-acre tobacco barn and a good rock pool.Tract No. 5 Extending from Georgetown pike to F. & C. R. R., contains 152 acres, more or less, 20 acres of virgin soil, 25 acres of old Blue Grasssod, balance in highest state of cultivation. The improvements consist of alarge frame residence, new 15 acre tobacco barn, stock barns, and otheroutbuildings. All improvements are comfortable, convenient and in firstclass Tepair. It has two large rock pools, one being the best m the county.Tracts Nos. 4 and 5 will be offered separately and then as a whole, andbest bid accepted. i n tThis is a beautiful country home, and 362 acres of the very best land inthe county, on one of the best roads, convenient to school and railroad, anF. & C. stationlbeing at the corner of farm. Every foot of this farm willgrow excellent tobacco.TERMS One-third cash, balance m three equal payments, due m one,two and three years, deferred payments bearing interest at the rate of 6 percent, and a lien retained on land until paid. Positive sale, no reserve.W. C. FERGUSON.TO! . GFO. D. SPEAKES. Auctioneer.For further information address Harris & Speakes, Paris, Ky.THEATRICAL.PUBLIC SALEOF-Desirable ResidenceI will sell at public auction on thepremises. at 2 o'clock p. m., onThursday, January 18, 1912,mv desirable residence property. No.960 Stoner avenue.Lot fronts 115 feet on Stoner avenueand extends back 150 feet. The residence has six rooms and kitchen, andthree halls and three porches : pressesin every room ; large store room andpantry; is piped for gas and wired forelectric lights ; splendid cistern, coalcellar, large dairy, carpenter shop,two poultry houses, wood shed, boatlanding, and splendid grape arbor.Prospective purchasers invited toinspect the property.TERMS Made known on day of sale.MRS L. V. FOOTE,Home Phone 518.F.'Kenney, Auctioneer.MI will sell at the same time sevenboats, all in good condition.' MRS. L. V. FOOTE.High School Teams DefeatCvnthiana.The basket ball teams of the ParisHigh Scnool scored a double victory atthe High School gymnasium Fridayevening and the girls team defeatedthe team from the Cynthiana HighSchool by a score of 52 to 1, and theboys overwhelmed the team from "thesame school by a score of 62 to 6.The Paris girls showed a greatamount of speed and team work andwere superior in every respect to theiropponents who scored their only pointin the first half on a foul. The accuracy of the local girls in thowing.goalswas the feature of the evening s entertainment. The boys of the Paris school outclassed their opponents at every stageof the game and the contest from thestart was never in doubt. By theirclever work in the first hqlf theyrounded out a score of 26 points whiletheir opponents scored twice on fouls.The Cynthiana team showed poor formand was never a strong contender.Signs Pitcher.President J. W. Bacan, through former Manager Edw. McKernan hassigned O. C Myer.an Indiana boy fora trial with the Paris club this season.Myer is a youngster and according toMcKernan is very nromisiner. He is apitcher and has achieved quite a reputation among the amateurs."THE GAMBLERS.""Th Gamblerfl" will be the attraction at the Paris Grand on next Tuesday, January 23. This excellently constructed .and magnificently produceddrama hy Charles Klein recorded thelongest run of any serious play produced in New York last season, remaining at Maxine Elliott's Theatrefor over .two hundred consecutive performances. The story of the play has to do withWilbur Emerson, a young and ambitious speculator, who has been mademanager of the Emerson, chain ofbanks. He is guilty of misusing thefunds in his effort for expansion and istrapped by the Federal authorities.One of the directors turns State's evidence and delivers certain incriminating notes to the Federal Attorney'shouse. But at this point another biginterest enters. Emerson's efforts bytheft to regain possession of thesenotes, especially to shield his father,the bank's president, who has beendecieved in the whole operations, involves the young man with the lawyer's wife and stirs his jealous suspicions of her.It is in this situation where Catherine Darwin finds herself forced to decide whether her duty is in giving thenotes to her husband or in attemptingto shield the man whom it is the lawyer's legal duty to prosecute. She refuses finally to assist her husband, butunder provocation which makes herconduct 'reasonable. The evidenceeventually reaches the lawyer's handsand the final curtain falls with thecertainty of a prison sentence for thewild cat financier, but the steps bywhich the deneoument is reached isfull of surprises and dramatic suspense. FRANCIS WILSON.Any one who can make us laughthese days is always welcome in ourmidst, therefore, the announcementthat the popular comedian, FrancisWilson, is to be 3een at Lexington inhis own comedy farce, "The Bachelor'sJBabyMs one that will please all -classesof playgoers for the play has thequalities to amumse the old and youngalike. There is laughter in The Bachelor's Baby," some teais, bright dialogues, very amusing scenes and thereis a well told straightforward story."The Bachelor's Baby" tells a storjof a bachelor, who hates children. Hisbrother and the latter's wife are lostat sea and the bachelor falls heir totheir little daughter, whose heart shewins long before he is himself awareof it. Incidentally there is a love story jwoven into the comedy which has become very entangled on account of thehero's pronouncec1 ideas in regard tochildren. This, too, is straightenedout by the little girl and so the comedyends to the satisfaction of everyone.Charles Frohman presents FrancisWilson in "The Bachelor's Baby" atthe Lexington Opera House January 17Carlisle Has Curfew Law.The city of Carlisle now has an ordinance requirine all boys under the aceof 16 to get off the street at nineo'clock each night, at which time thecurfew will ring a warning. Such anordinance wculd no dobut prove ofgreat benefit in Paris, where theyoungsters are permitted to run thestreets at all hours of the night.Grand Opera at Lexington.It is a long time since Kentuckyhash een treated to a performance ofgrand opera in English, and consequently the coming of the Aborn English Grand Opera Company to Lexington, following its highly successfulengagements in Louisville and Cincinnati, is creating widespread interest inthis part of the State.-The company will give three performances at the Lexington OpreaHouse onl Monday and Tuesday,January 22 and 23, embracing a repertoire of three operas of widely different character, and by three differentcomposers, Offenbach's famous operacomique, "The Tales of Hoffman,"which was one of the most decidedsuccesses of Hammerstein's memorable career at the Manhattan OperaHouse in New York, will be given, asthe initial offering Monday night!verdi's immortal "II Trovatore," oneof the most richly melodious and universally popular works of all times,will occupy the Tuesday matinee.Paccini's masterpiece, "MadamButtery," probably the greatest workof any living composer, and one aboutwhich residents of this part of thecountry have heard a great deal without having an opportunity to see andhear it before, will be given for thethird performance on Tuesday night.The Aborn forces number one hundred singers and musicians altogetherin its double cast, large chorus andgrand opera orchestra, and carriesseveral carloads of scenery, costumesand effects. The double cast arrangement includes two sets of principalartists, who alternate with one another, each singer appearing at only fourperformances of each week. The entire array of talent will be heard during the three performances in Lexington, some at one performance andothers at another, including EdithHelena, Jane Abercrobnue, ElaineDe Sellem, Zoe Fulton, Leonars Samoloff, Domenico Russo, Louis Kreidler,Morton Adkins. William Schusters,Phillip Fein and others, with CarloNicosia as conductor.On account of the many inquiriesManager Scott, of the LexingtonOpera House has received concerningthis "event, he has decided to inaugurates special system for the filling ofmail orders from music lovers in thecities and towns within convenientdistance of Le'xington, and the ordersare coming in ranidlv from manvpoints within a radfus of thirty orforty miles of that city. All mailorders should bp accompanied bymoney orders for the requirred amountof seats specified, made out to CharlesScott, Manager Lexington OperaHouse, Lexington, Ky.The price for seats at the two evpn-ing performances will be $2 and $1.50on the lower floor, and $1.50, $1 and75 cents in the balcony, while 'thosefor the Tuesday matinee will be $1.50and SI on the lower floor, and SI, 75and 50 cents in the balcony.Cold Weather Hurtful to Stock.I The extremely cold weather whichhas prevailed in Bourbon county forseveral days, is working a hardship Jonthe farmers according to reports. The ifarmers are nrreatlv wnrriH hunonna iof the shortage of feed, now that theweather issuch that feeding has to bedone daily. Except where farmershave silos and barn room for their animate, live stock is suffering greatlyfrom the freezing weather, but to thisdate no deaths have been reported, g:osmgOutCloth Suite fWe Have Given Marching Orders to All Our HighGrade Exclusive Garments Remaining From Our GreatFinal Adjustment Sale and Priced Them, for Quick Selling, as follows:AH $25 and $30 Suits, now $1 0.00Suits formerly up to $50; now $17.50Suits formerly up to $1 00, now $25.00A limited number of Cloth Suits remain from the fastselling of our Great Final Adjustment Sale and we havedecided to close every one of them out at a mere fractionof the former prices. While the quantity is somewhatlimited, the range of style and fabrics is still broad andembraces some of the most distinguished and exclusivemodels we have shown this season.A glance at the items above will show how we havefractured prices. Profits, regular values and even actualcost, played a minor role, the chief consideration being aquick and absolute clean-up.Ther?e imprecedently reduced prices place withinEVERYBODY'S reach the highest type of women's suitsthis country produces apparel which by its distinguishedexclusiveness, its ultra-smartness and its absolute perfection and superiority has become the unrivalled favoriteof the best dressed women in this section. That magnificent 3o0 or $100 suit you admired here earlier in the seasonbut could not, perhaps, afford, is now yours for the paltrysum of $17.50 or $25. And plenfy of $25 and $30 suits maybe had for only 10 if your purse runs that way.Sale Now Going On.Come Early and Secure the Cream ofti'ithe AssortmentJCaufmanj Straus dc Co.jWolf, Wile & Company Successors.. LEXINGTON, KY.JTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. .16 1912.flB BOURBON NEWS.(ALWAYS HAS THE BfSTImportant Court Decision.Since the highest courts have latelye ided that an overdraft is a misappropriation of the funds of a bank, nocustomer should expect his banker toetend audi a privilege.Pure Sorghum.?hone us your order for sorghumf e sh, just recieved.SAUEK'S GROCERY.tf Main street, odp. courthouse.Trains Delayed by the Cold.All the trains on the Louisville andaehville rairload through this cityre being delayed by reason of theextremely cold weather which prevailp,ia all fast trains both north anagjth are running with double header0.SI and $1.25 Shirts, Choice 55c.Our entire stock of orke & Monarch"irts, including white and all fancies.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Wants Pardon for Son.I he Flemingsburg Times-Democratays: "W. W. Burley, of Paris, washere last week securing signaturesc.sking the clemency of the Governor5 r his son, 0. H. Burley, who got atfrm in the penitentiary for making'3e entries as cashier of a bLnk at.;,ve Hill."SI Coat Sweaters 59c.ne lots ofents.boys' coat sweaters 59J. W. DAVIS & CO.PERSONAL MENTION.Elects Officers.Mr w t 2;fu nfm c i- "i Ihe Kentucky Midland Medical Soi viw- t-. ,Sterhn2' ciety, in session in this city, electedis visiting relatives m this city. the following officers for the ensuingMr. rienry Craie:. of Georgetown. year:Change of Time on L. N.Effective Sunday January 14, the.Iwoing trains between" Paris andLexington will be discontinued onSunday: Train No. 137 due to leave-aris 9:57 a. m. ; train No. 25 due toeave Paris at 3 34 p. m. ; Train No.,30 due to leave Lexinlgon 6:03 p. m. ;train No. 134 due to leave Lexington.c 4:34 a. mSale of Desirable Sesidence,Read the advertisement in anothercolumn of the sale of the Foote residence on Thuiday at two o'clock, lot115x150. Residence contains sixlooms, kitchen, three halls and threeporches. Modern in every repsect.Attend the sale.Stone's Cakes.We recieve Stone's celebrated cakesfresh every day.LOGAN HOWARD.Sale Extraordinary Success.As usual the opening day, Saturday,of the annual January White andClearance Sale at Harry Simon's Depratraent Store was a grand success.Although the weather was very inclement the ladies thronged the storefrom 9 o'clock a. m. till the closinghour Saturday night. Mr. Simon declares that it was a banner day for hisstore. The sale continues till January27.The Latest Style Suits and Overcoats. In our Claerance Sale. No carriedcvers. Your chance now to get thezest at saving prices.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Will Observe Lee Memorial Day.Richard .Hawes Chapter, UnitedDaugaters of the Confederacy togetherwith the Confederate veterans of thecounty ana the Hamilton Guards, thethilrden's organization of the localchapter, will observe Lee Memorialiay on Friday, January 19. An appropriate program has been arranged andtie exercises will take place in theConfederate room in the court house.nd will begin at 2 o'clock.Splendid Home to be Sold.was a visitor in this city SundayMrs. W. 0. Hinton is visiting hersister, Mrs. Snyder, in Louisville.Miss Elizabeth Clay Alexanderhas recovered from a recent illness.Dr. Raymond McMillan.of Lexington, spent Sunday with relatives here.jMr.'Will Minogue is visiting hisuncle, Mr. Jmes H. Minogue, inLexington.Mrs. John t! Mattox is visitingher parents, Mr. and Mrs. Lon Curran,in Cynthiana.Messrs. J. T. Spect and HowardSpears, of Lexington, were visitors inthis city Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. Walker W. Hisle, ofSeattle, Wash., are visiting the familyof Prof. J, S. Johnson.Mr. Georg R. Davis has returnedfrom a visit to his daughter, Mts. W,.R. Swearengeri in Chicago.Miss Lillian Dejarnet has returnedhome after a visit to classmates atState Univeristy, Lexington.Mrs. Rosa Payne, of BourbonFeamle Colltge, has returned from abrief visit to Mrs. Ella Nutter, nearPayne's Depot.Mr. and Mrs. George C. Thompsonand Miss Frances Champ left Saturdayfor Tampa, Fla., to spend the remainder of the winter.--Sidney W. Raney, of Lexington,formerly of Paris, , is able Kto be outafter a very successful opreation performed at the Good Samaritan Hospital. -Mr. and Mrs. W. M. Kissick haverecently returned to their home inLittle Rock, this county, after a visittojtheir daughter, Mrs. Harrison Conn,in Montgomery county.Flemingsburg Times-Demccrat:"Mrs. Alfred Doyle and .children leftTuesday afternoon for their home atParis after a visit to the family of herfather, C. O. Carpenter, near Wallingford." Mrs. E. T. Armstrong, of CharlesCity, Iowa, and Mrs. W. L. Dawson,of Campbellsville, Ky., who were called here by the death of theii father,Mr. John Grimes, have returned totheir homes.Miss Martha Ferguson enterainfda house party for the week end at herhome in the country, her guests heingMiss Elizabeth Steele, of this city,Messrs. Chas. Spink and William Teising, of Lexington.Mr. W. G. McClintock, CountyAssessorr, entertained the members ofthe Bourbon County Board of Supervisors and a few invited friends at anelaborate course dinner Saturday. The idining table was profuse in its decorations of carnations. In the centerof the table was a holder containingcigars and from each cigar to theplace cards extended a xed ribbon.Those present were the members ofthe Board of Supervisors, Messrs J.T.Estes, Ed Kice, W. G. Talbott. E. P.Clay brook, George Rassenfoss, B. M.Renick, S. S. Ardery arid Sheriff A. S.Thompson. W. O. Marshall, L. B. Purnell, Pearce Paton, Denis Dundon, C.C Clarke, H. S. Caywood and SwiftChamp.The Lexington Leader says :"Miss Isabel Clay entertained a fewfriends informally with bridge Fridayafternoon at her home on West ThirdI street in honor of her sister-in-law,I Mrs. Sidney Clay, of Paris.! "For highest score in the game ofbridge the first prize.a silk embroidered purse, was won by Mrs. Botts andthe second, a pair of embroidery scissors in a leather case by Mrs. JohnWilliam Scott."Afternoon tea with salad sandwiches,, etc , was served at a daintytable arid the hostess was assisted byher mother."The guests were Mrs. Sidney Clay, Iof Paris, Mrs. William S. Barnes, Mrs. iJoseph Botts, Mrs. John William Scott,Mrs. John H. Flood, Mrs. Percy Bur- jrill, Mr. Smith Bowman, Mr. GrayFalconer, iss Wilhelimna Goodloe. "ISee Friday's Paper. jDr. L. C. Redmon,Dr. Chas.President Dr. C. G. Dauehertv. ofParis.Vice Presidentof Lexington.Secretary and TreasurerC. Garr, of Lexington.The society took cognizance of thefact that a malpractice suit had beeninstituted against Dr. W. B. McClure,of Bourbon county, and a committeewas appointed to draft resolutions expressing confidence of the society innil integrity and skill. The societywas entertained at an elaborate dinnerby the members of the profession ofthis city. The following program wascarried out:Pellagra-Dr. S. L. Beard, Shelbyviile. Discussion opened by Dr. F. H.Clark, Lexington.Hyzodermatic Medication Dr. C. G.Daugherty, of Paris. Dicsussion opened by Dr. C. E. Wells, of Cynthiana.Two Unusual Obsterical Cases Dr.R. Julia Estill, Lexington.Post Occipital Presentations inPremiprara Dr. L. T. Mannish,Frankfort.The discussion of the papers of D'rs.Estill and Mannish was opened by .Dr.Henry E. Tuley, of Louisville.Bankers Personally Liable.The latest decisions of the UnitedStates Courts make the officers of abank and their securities responsiblefor all overdrafts. No patron of abank should wish to impose such aresponsibility upon its officers, and theofficers of a liability.January Bargains,We are offering great bargains on allfurniture during the month of January'Call in and look them over.J. T. HINTON.Burley Society Given Decision.Despite the opinion of Judge HowardC. IHollister, of the United StatesDistrict Court in Cincinnati, that thecontracts made by the Burlpy TobaccoSociety of Kentucky with the ri. O.Eshelby Tobacco Company, of Covington, were in violation of the Shermananti-trust law, a jury in the case Friday night rendered, a verdict in favorof the defendant Burley TobaccoSociety, refusing damages, for whichthe plaintiff, the E. O. Eshelby Company, was suing in the sum of $196,000.This action was brought as the rsuit of the purchase of tobacco at Winchester in 1907 by the Eshelby Company, for which the price of 17 cents apouna was paid, and which price ih"plaintiff declared in a petition was inexcess of what it should have been because of the fact that the Burley Tobacco Society controlled the crop ofthat year.BIRTHS;Born, Tuesday evening, to the wifeof Mr. M. H. H. Davis, a son.fiowmar's March Gras Tour.Write to 15ow mar's Tours. Versailles, Kv., for folders giving detailsof an ideal persona'ly conducted MardiGras Tour, leaving Wednsday JFeb. 14,1912, visitirg New Orleans, Mobile,Montgomery, Ala., etc. Low inclusivecost; limited party: every thing firstclass. ' 5 4twins y. 4:Every A 0 XTrade MerleFLEXIBLE FLYERSLEDSAre Built To Last. SledsSola by us Ten Years Agoare still giving good ssrvice.Get the ger. uine.$2.50, $3.00 and $3.75" FIREFLY COASTERSMade in the same Factory oflighter miterials.$2.00 and $2.50Daugherty BrosParis Grand.One Entire Week, CommencingMonday, -4jJanuary )The FamousHarvey StockCompany!a Repertoire of PopularPlays at Popular Prices:Lower Floor 30cBalcony 20cGallery 10cBILL FOR TO-NIGHT:Under Arizona Skies."1 ANNOUNCEMENTOUR CLEARANCE ANDS White GoodsSaleBegins Monday, January 22,Ends Saturday, January 27.See Big Advertisement on Another Page.W. Ed Tucker!1116j Fee's Cash Specials, !IIFor Friday and Saturday.16 lbs. Standard Granulated Sugar $1.008 bars Lenox Soap .253 boxes Argo Starch .252 quarts Navy Beans -....r., :.l .253 lbs. Pearl Homney 10Michigan Potatoes, per pk .35Headlight Coal Oil, per gallon 103-pound can Pork and Beans .10California Fancy Prunes, per lb 12 l-2c24-lb. sack Purity Flour, best made ..... .75STONE'S CAKES.LFEE'SJ. T. HINTONTHE HOME OUTFITTER.Attend the sale of the Foote lesiIsnce on Stoner avenue on Thursday-t two o'clck. Well improved home.Modern conveniences. Lot 115x150 jleet. Read descriptive ad in anotherroiurnn.As this is the first stock company ;to play in Paris in three years, and !the best in twenty years, you can'tafford to miss a single performance.Qonnro vAnv uanfo in oflrhnno o 4. !For particulars about our Great Shoe ! Mitchell J& Blakemore's. I' Sale, beginning January 20. 'DAN COHEN. !New Orleans Molasses.Fine lot of New Orleans molasses atSO cents per gallon. Put in your orderearly as it will go fast,Z.j 2t T. LENIHAN.Paris Winners at Cincinnati.At the Cincinnati Poultry Show lastweek Mr. Duncan Bell, of thi city, exhibited his pen of five Buff Orpingtunsand won live premiums. Dr. G. J.Clarke took second premium on his penof Leghorns.Grocery Sold.FOR RENT.Store room on South-west cornerMain and Fifth streets. Immediatepossession. Apply to16 tf J. T. HINTON.FOR RENT.Bourbon Men Sell Farms.John D. Paton, of near Millersburg-,has snld four tracts of land lying onthe Cynthiana and Millersburg pike,on the waters of Hinkston creek, andcontaining a fraction over 207-acres toTPaton, of Nicholas county Theconsideration named in the deed is$10,360W. T. Richie, of Millersburg, sold 40ucres of land on Paynters creek inNicholas county to Richard Richie at$30 per acreOne Fur Overcoat Reduced.35 wolf skin coat now $25; one sealf kin cap $22.50 grade now $15.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Mr. Chas. Clendenin yesterday soldhis grocery store on Second street to 1Mortnn & fiuftagle who will in a tewdays assume charge of the establishment t Notice.All who have anything to contributeto the poor in the way of money, food,coal, clothing, etc., will plaese leavesame with Mayor Hinton at his storeand he will see that.it is properly distributed. - ttfcfrHarvey Stock a Good Company.As a general rule the so-called popuI have forwent or will lease fqr aterm of years the best livery and salebarn in vParis, Kentcuky. Situatpdcorner Second and Main streets, opposite Windsor Hotl, possee?sion given, Jan. 1, 1912. E. T.P hone 198.j J. H. BUTLER.12 tf Paris. Ky.lar Driced Stock Companies, orI r.r.'1 tnliinU nl.u f hie rif7 nliunftinnrVrjllllS tflmj JLIUJ f WJUwawf,Police Judge's Keport.At the regular meeting of the ParisCity Council Thursday night PoliceJudge E. B. January submitted his report to the Board for the year of 1911,which is as follows: Amount of finesassessed, $2,269 51 ; amount of cash totity treasurer,$976; amount suspended,$231.51 ; amount of replevin lunds onmud, 285. The cash report to thisstatement as compared with that ofthe past four years shows an inrreasefollows: For 1907, cash reported,$625.10; 1903, $85.50; 1909, $686.30;-yl(J, 1,084.90.Dressed Fowls.Kice lot of dressed fowls on hand.Phone us your order. rCP. COOK &. CO.THE FAIR!weekshowstheir bill each night are not of thebest theatrical talent, which of coursecannot be expected at th low price of10, 20 and 30 cents. The Harvey StockCompany, which is playing at theGrand Opera House this week, is anexception to the rule.Those who attended the performancelast night were agreeably surprised ttofind a first class company playing infirst class plays, well balanced andwithout the usual horseplay and strained situations which the average stockcompanies deem sn necessary. Thecostumes are new end good and enoughfar above the average of even the I Unina DaC.majority of one night stands.The bill for tonight is "UnderArizona Skies," and a performance of " ;more than usual merit is guaranted. 'Secure your seats at Mitchell & Blakt-'mnre's and avoid the rusn at" the boxFor Friday Only.Wc Will Have on Sale SomeExtra Good Values, as Follows:Meat Platters 5c.Larger size with gold band 10c.,Cups and Saucers in plainwhite 29c set.Decorated Cups- and Saucers39c a set.Decorated Slop Jarsi in StoneTHE f AIRI Am Offering Some VerySPECIAL PRICESOn My EntireDAVE N PO RTLINEFor Cash Buyers.I Carry the Very Best MakesLJ. T. HINTON11fiTHE vBOURBONNEWS,-PARIS,. KENTUCKY, JAN.16,' 191 2sifftI1My Doctor Said"Try Cardui," writes Mrs. Z. V. Spell, of Hayne, N. C."J was in a very low state of health, and was not able tobe up and tend to my duties. I did try Cardui, and soonbegan, to feel better. I got able to be up and help do myhousework. I continued to take the medicine, and now Iam able "to do my housework and to care for my children,and I feel as though I could never praise Cardui enough Ifor the benefits I have received."TAKETheWoman'sTonicCardui is successful, because it is made especially forwomen, and acts specifically on the womanly constitution.Cardui does one thing, and does it well. That explainsthe great success which it has had, during the past 50 years,in helping thousands of weak and ailing women back tohealth and happiness.If you are a woman, feel tired, dull, and are nervous,cross and jrritable, it's because you need a tonic. Why nottry Cardui? Cardui builds, strengthens, restores, and actsin every way as a special, tonic remedy for women. Testit for yourself. Your druggist sells Cardui. Ask him.Write to: Ladies'Special Instructions,s' Advisory Dept. Chattanooga Medicine Co., Chattanooga, Term.,. and 64-page book. " Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 55Thirty Years Together.Thirty years of association, thinkof it. Hovr the meiitof a good tilingstands out in that time or the worth -lessnessof a bad one. .So there's noguesswork in this evidence of Thos.Ariss, Concord, Mich , who writes:"I have used Dr. King's New Discovery for 30 years, and its the bestcough and cold cure 1 ever used."Once it finds entrance in a home youcan't pry it out. Many families haveused it forty years. It's the most infallible throat and lung medicine onearth. Unequaled for lagrippe, asthma, hay fever, croup, quinsy, or soie3angs. Price 50c and $1. Trial bottlefree. Guaranteed by Oberdovfer.How's This?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of catarrh that cannot be cured bv Hall's Catarrh Cure.P. J. CENEY & CO., Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have knovnF. J. Cheney for the last 15 years and! believe him perfectly honorable in allbusiness transactions 'wan financially; able to carry out any obligationsJ made by his firm.Warning, Kmnan & Marvin,. Wholesale Druggists. Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system,Testimoniais sent free. Price 75c perbottle. Sold by all druggists.Teke Hall's Family Pills for con-stipation.ITHE PARISQyicK Lunch andRestaurant,The Home of Good Cooking,For Ladies and GentlemenOpen Day and Night.343 Main StreetE. T. Phone i24 PARIS, KY.INOTICETOBUTCHERS AND FARMERS!IMarket Price I anf Paying ForHides:Beef Hides, 10 1-4 to 11 1-2Cents per lb.BLOODPOISONSth Street, PARI?, KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 3T1Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, "with pure Botanical ingredents. To prove it we will send ou aSAMPLE TREATMENT F R E E.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucus"patches, bone jains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All syrnpthoms healquickly. Blood is masepure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, 1 per large bottle, with .directions for home cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga.v Describe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sold by Varden & Son.TripLow Roundiiomeseekers raTo points in Arizona, Arkansas,Louisana, Missouri, New Mexico,Oklahoma, Texas, Kansas, Nebraska,Montana, Michigan, Wisconsin,'' Alabama, Florida and Mississippi. lickels on sale first and third Tuesdays ofeach month with final return limit 25days from elate of sale except destinations in Florida, final limit will he12 days from date of sale. Liberalstopovers allowed in homeseeker territory. We also have on sale daily untilApril 30, 1912, with final return limitsMay 31, 1912 Winter Tourist tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida. Georgia,Louisana, New Meixco and Texas,with liberal stopovers allowed. gFor further information, call on orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.TWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentWe Are Showing for fall and Winter StrictlyAll-Wool Worsted, Hand-TailoredSuits at $10.00Handsome new Brown and Grey Worsteds and Cassimeresin the newest models, hand-tailored Suits, worth easily $20,pur Special $15.Overcoats in every new cut and weave, prices range from7.50, $10, $12.50, $15, $1S and 20. -We have taken the sale agency for the celebrated EmersonShoe, Brockton, Mass. This is the classiest $i and $5 men'sShoe made.Also the French Shrine hand-made Shoes at H .The reliable Douglas Shoes $2.50, $3, $3.50. ,' Those rough, fuzz3r hairyHats, 2, 2.5U, ?3.Full line of Halves Van Gal $3 Shoes.' Monarch and Lair best $1 Shirts made.Chutt's 1.50 and $2 Shirts, new patterns. ;Lion Brand slip-easy Collars, 2 forj25c.Full line of Trunks, Suit Cases and Hand-bags.LWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.(Continued Fiom Page 2)me. Well I know tiraty fwon't shoot,for if ye did ye Vould put beyondyour Teach forever the Informationthat 'would win ye th reward always providing ye had got possessionof the ruby, be hook or crook. 'Twouldbe crooks, I'm thinking."He v lit a match and applied theflame to the tobacco. "There's me lastword on the subject," he added indistinctly, puffing and eyeing the pairthrough the cloud of smoke.The revolver waved in the vicomte'shand; he was livid with passion anddisappointed, yet amenable to reason. Glynn bent and whispered briefly in his ear, and the Frenchman, nodding 'acquiescence, laid aside hisweapon. The Honorable Bertie continued to advise with him in whispersuntil O'Rourke, though quite at loss tounderstand this phase of the affair,saw that' their attention was momentarily diverted and, with a swift movement, leaned over, snatched up the revolver and, with a flirt of his hand,flung it out of the window.Glynn started back with- an oath,his hand going toward his pocket; butO'Rourke promptly closed with him. Abreath later a second pistol was' ejected from the carriage and the Englishman was sprawling over the knees ofthe vicomte.They disengaged themselves and,mad with rage, started- up to fall uponand exterminate the wanderer. Ithink it must have been the veryimpertinence oX his . attitude thatmade them pause in doubt, forhe had resumed his seat as calmly asthough nothing at all had happened ar.d "vas pulling soberly athis pipe. As they hesitated he removed the latter from his lips andgestured airily with the stem. "Sitye dewn," he invited them, "and takeit easy, me dear friends. The mischief'sdone, and naught that ye can do willrepair it. Faith, I said I'd not strikeback unless ye crowded me. I remember me words to -the letter.Your guns made a crowd out of thishappy reunion. I've merely dispensedwith them; I call ye both to witnessthat ye have neither of ye suffered.Sure, I'm as peaceable as any lamb.Sit down, sit ye down and take it likelittle men. The situation's unchanged,save that I've put temptation out ofyour reach."And as they wavered, plainly oitwo minds, O'Rourke clinched the argument of his attitude. "1 beg to callyour attention," he remarked, "to thefact that ye have left me own braceof revolvers here at me feet, when yeso joyously u rned me bag inside out.I'm not touching them, mind ye, butniind ye further: I'll brook no nonsense. If ye make a move as if to attack me, I'll . . . There! That'smuch better. Wise lads, ye are, bothof ye: graceful in defeat. Let me see:We ve a lpng ride .together, thQugh !vu urn come uninviiau. i trust yewill help me beguile the tedium withsociety chatter, me friend," with atjinkte at the discomfited vicomte.""I'm in danger of forgetting me man-!Tl ATtr. "D .wl M . T . 1 2- 1 1- Ttrust your nose is convalescing?" -as JlRi1t O'-Iurkeentertained .his companions,Jwilf a ruhnmgfire of pleasantries' forthe balance of the darkened hours.And-he '.touched both;, more than oncewith Hhe' rapier-poiritt of his wit andMfliernaiionai UiisomieENGINESAS! Types "of Ensilage and Feed Coiiissg Machinery.BourbonGarageiiifinIProfessional CardsJ J. WIIiliTAMS,ATTORNE Y-AT-L A W .Room 1 Elks Building:.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones ! S ?"Residence( E. T. 334.Home 334.K. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices,?Rooms 4. and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, .... KentuckyVfe tell von now. and nav host marl: Afrirony; and had the pleasure of seeing iboth squirm in impbtenfegrage. Theyi jcut wretched figuresitwoagainst -one,!yet failures, while he taunted them in'one breath, with the- next declared!himself their captive. Toward the end Ithe reserve which the vicomte imposed upon the Honorable Bertie was;worn down: the Englishman . turned jwith raw fterves upon his tormentor, j"You damned ass!" he stammered,!all but incoherent. "You sit there!and and gloat, damn you! When all ;the time we've got the upper hand!""Be quiet!" interposed the vicomte."I won't!" raged the honorable. "Hethinks himself. so infernally clever!What 'dyou say, you Irish braggart, ifI told you you'd never see the Poolof Flame again?""I'd say," returned O'Rourke, "thatyou were either lying or a fool. Ineither case a fool. If, as ye seem tobe trying to make me believe which!I don't for one instant ye have succeeded in stealing the Pool of Flame,I'll hunt the pair of ye to the ends ofthe earth, if need be."He eyed them reflectively during amoment or two made interesting byGlynn's desperate attempts to blurtout indiscretions against the prohibition of the vicomte: something whichthe older man enforced crudely byclapping his hand across the Englishman's mouth, as well as by whispering savagely in his ear."But there'll be no need," continuedthe Irishman, when Glynn was calm."Let's consider the matter dispassionately, presupposing that ye have thestone. Well, what then? Ye dare notattempt to sell it 'twould result ininstant detection, dt would not payye to have jt secretly cut up intosmaller Btones the loss in valuewould be stupendous, the whole notworth your while, as I say. Ye cannot take thejPool of Flame (don't getexcited: I'm not going to tell yewhere) to claim the reward, for yedon't know where to go. Tis a whitoelephant it would be on your hands.""It does not seem to strike monsieur that there are other ways offinding out who offers the reward,"the vicomte suggested icily."I can see ye wandering around ask-mg somebody please to relieve ye oithe Pool of Flame and pay ye a commission. I wonder how long ye thinfcye'd last. But 'tis no use -trying tchoodwink me: I don't believe oneword ye say. Til wait, until I find outthe truth before I bother meself withye." . ' 'J.' f Continued in our Next : ,sisq y,vccs. We are dealer-!: e-.tabli.c-eds:i 1 .'.VJ; and cau Jo BC 1 rbK. for you1J , chm-r'ilf fcrcncec at p.- banfch: i,ou-' iv:Iie. Write i or wcjlzly price ha227-25-31 & 33 E. Market St., L2U;SU1LE, KY.rc?.Iars m FUsti, KluiiS:, WOOL.W ESS 1 MM I llHiGiganticHoliday SaleAtTwin Bros. DeparfmeiitStore, beginningSaturay9r 16.Display of Toys,3 7 cuutc UUitO --rSkirts, Furs, Shoes, Millinery.Two Big Stores 'in One Cor. 7th'and MainParis, Kentucky3iojr;Eczema,of skinfor in-iromPsoriasis o- any other kindtrouble,' drop inEo" our wtorostant rolK:. o -.viil guarantee youto stop that itch -n two ascends.' A 25c trial l.fittlo Will prove it.Ye liave r-oUI otl'ior remedies forskin troubles. '..;;c nono that we could!recommend more hi.yhly than the wellknown co:npon:id of Oil of AVinterprreen, 'jChrmol and c few other ingredients ti'at have wrought such wonderful cureo all over the country.This compound, known as T. D. D.Prescription, wiit cool and heal theitchy, hnrr.iiiir slriii in nothing elsecan. Oft a n-?r.Jlt.r bottle u-ul cue onour no-pa o.f r.G. S. Varden & Son.mtmmmmmmmmmmmfMwmmfill A - &S32Bm&mWk i . vumm TOm i .margoien s.The Best ofHome-KilledMeats,Bacon, Lard, Ham,Beef, Pork, Etc.Margoien,Paris, Ky.One of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are ShowingA moderately priced one, too.If you are looking f0r "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.1 CX-tCT iPn.-. h-.. I-.... ... - . ithe inr .v h:rc?i-:i'moiiar. tlmoan.! sr.r.e-ine. ia- iTt .won y k. e,i v,.a a iv. ;f jWS. J, , rjou a to.,, rijii ou vim iu-.r v ,"att'"Vmi n?B?-s5-rValium, Rheaaaljj.n, l".- n' Cti ' T n..WRITF ??rJTte ".'on I.Ut andI S la on Xen a Uiseaacs.Gincinnaii Men-Specialist Go,,521 Walunt St., Cincinnati, O.Decided Change.Mrs. Brown Do you thinkriage changes a man?Mrs. Jones Vastly. Look at my husband. He used to offer me a pennyfor my thoughts; now he often offersme 50 to shut up.WINTER TOURIST TICKETSTO38foMH - ALL OOTHERMRESORTSALLEQUIPMENTELECTRICALLYLIGHTEDON SAL.C DAILY3GOOD RETURWISMQ UNTIL MAY 31,D!N3ftG CARSSERVINGALL L1EALSA Uk CARTE ;InFOR FULL PARTICULARS, GALL ON ANY TICKET AGENT, .QUEER & GHESGEBT SGUTc,ok vrnrrr:H. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent, 101 E. Alain St.', LEXINGTON, RY.'it1?JIB".Ir1 -1v-r 1 , 'TwinIS.MPT,Better Values and Lower Prices Than Ever Before Presented to,the People of Bourbon County and Vicinity.Twin Bros. Department Store, Cor. 7 th and Main, Announce- - - THEIR GREATEST JANUARY - - -COMMENCINGSaturdayJan.13 thAll Dry Goods, Dress Goods Ladies' Suits, Cloaks, Furs, Skirts, Shoes and Millinery will be sacrificed. Weare determined to Close Out all Winter Goods regardless of former selling price. Also White Goeds, Laces, Embroidery.Below we enumerate a few of the thousands of genuine bargains on sale Saturday, January 13th.Ladies' Coats and Suits$12 Coats and Suits $5.98$15 Coats and Suits $7.98$18 Coats and Suits $8.98$25 Coats and Suits .$1 1 .49Women's Trimmed HatsWorth up to $3 $1.00Worth ud to S5 $1.98PSSjl 51 1 w m ............................. ....................... ....... ...C AmLadies9 Sweater CoatsIf I1 Si 98c for Woo! Sweaters, worth $1.98.$1 .98 for $3 A l-Wooi Sweaters.WISHmm98c for $1.50 kind.$1.49 for $2.50 kind.$1.98 for $3.00 kind.REMEMBER THE DATEanuary 13th!Ladies' SkirtsNow $1.98, worth $3.50Now $2.98, worth $5.00 ' T r fNow $4.50, worth $6.50i . Now $5.75, worth $8.50flow $6.50, worth $1 0.75Ladies' Coats100 Ladies' Winter Coats $1.98, worth $5.50 Ladies' Coats, worth $8, Sale Price $3.98Ladies' Caracul Coats54 inches long.$6.50PercaJes, Ginghams and flanneSlets, SaSePrice, 7 1 -2 yard.White Goods, at 5c yardTable Linen, at.23c yard100 Misses' Skirts, worth $3.50 $1.98Wide Sheeting, at 23c ydShoes at Sale Price,Umbrellas, worth -$1.25 and $1.50......now 95cRain Coats, Sale Price $3.5075c and $1 Broadcloth, all colors 48c ydWhite Flannel, at 15c ydSheppard Check Suiting .. . .... ..-..10cBlack Ostrich Plumes?. l98cmmmm528 SMIWillownette Plumes.$1.75Blankets fNow at SpecialSale Prices$1.00 Auto Scarfs, now4c9All Bleached and Unbleached Cotton, atSale Prices.100 Infants Bearskin Coats $1.89Furs and Muffs at Sale Prices.Knit Petticoats 25cAll Underwear now at Sale Prices.Ladies' and Children's Shoes and Rubbersat Sale Prices.Ladies' Silk Waists Now atSale Prices.5Yard-wide Percales, Sale Pries 7 l-2c yd$1 and $1.50 Gowns, Sale Price 95cLadies' Hose, worth 15c, Sale Price ...7 l-2cKid Gloves and Yarn Gloves at Sale Prices.Ladies $1.50 and $1.75 Waists-.85cBuster Brown Hose for Ladies, Missesand Children.Come Early. You Will Not Be Disappointed HavingThis Great Clearance Sale Saturday, January 13th, atAttendedCor. 7th and Main,- v vPARISKENTUCKYTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 16, 1912MILLERSBURG ITEMS.Born, Friday night, to the wife of3dr. Martin Spegal, a son third born.Mr. Stuart, of Cincinnati, is theuest 0f his uncle, Mr. J. H. Stuart.Mr. W. M. Henderson, of Frankfort,was the guest of lady f rinds here Tuesday.Mr. Clitton Mann and family attended the funeral of Judge Russell MannSkt Paris Saturday afternoon.Peed & MGclinrock sold on Thursdaysseven head of mules to Mr. Chas.' Thompson, of Lexington, at $109 perMr. R. Ii. Wilson, Sr., who hasbeen confined to his home for severaldays witn a severe cold, is much improved. Mr. Harvey Rogers, of Cane Ridge,has accepted a position with the Farmers Bank and entered on his dutiesyesterJay morning.The infant son of Mr. and Mrs.Thomas Fay died Friday. The remains were interred in the Catholiccemetery at Paris Saturday.fciturday morning was a recordbreaker here. The mercury, in variousplaces registered from 10 to 24 degreesbelow zero, colder than it has been inmany years.Mr. and Mis. W. H. Reese, of Bellingham. Wash., who have been guestsof Mr. and Mrs. Roy Endicott forseveral days left Friday accompaniedfay their sister, Miss Mary Stump, ofthis place, for Florida where they will.spend the Wmtre.John Leer, of Millersburg, purchasing agent for the Louisville TobaccoWarehouse Company, in ,.this section,-announces that since tha sales openedhe has purchased upward of three hundred thousands pounds of the weedfrom growers in this and adjoiningcounties.The Twentieth Century Club metrecently at the home of Mrs. D. E.Clarke and elected the followingofficers who will assume- their duties-in September, 1912 : President, MissAlfie Ball ; vice president, Mrs. D. E.-Clarke; recording secretary, Mrs. E.M. Thomanon; corresponding secretary, Mrs. Thos. Marshall; treasurer,Miss Ruth McClintock.Funeral of Judge Russell Mann.The funeral services over the remains of Judge Russell Mann wereheld in the Christian chruch Saturdayafternoon. The impressive servicewas conducted by Elder J. T. Sharrardin the presence of a large assemblageof friends of the deceased who hadgathered to pay their last tribute tothe memory of this excellent man.Before the reading of the Scripturalselection by Eldre Sharrard the choirrendered four beautiful selections, "Inthe Hour of Trial," "When Peace.Like a River," "Asleep in Jesus,"and "Shall We Gather at the River."Dr. B. M. Shive, pastor of thePresbyteiran church offered a prayer,when Elder Sharrard, in eluquentterms, paid a high tribute to the lifeand character of Judge Mann as acitizen, sol iier, lawyer and official, asa Christian gentleman, a faithfulofficer of the church and devoted husband and father.At the close of Elder Sharrard's address Capt. Ed. Taylor, in whose company Judge Mann served during theCivil War, and eight of his comrades,C. J. Clarke, Allen Kiser, James McDonald, Ed. Rice. L. P. Young, L. J.Fretwell, Buckner Woodford and J.Harry Holt surrounded the casketwhile Capt. Taylor read the beautifulconfederate burial service.The body was then turned over tothe Masons of which order the deceased had long been a member and Acting Grand Master Charles A. McMillanconducted the impressive ceremoniesof the order.A large concourse followed the bodyto the Paris cemetery where it wasplaced in the vault, as the family contemplates the erection of a mausoleumin the spring. The floral offeringswere numerous and beautiful, the prevailing colors being red and whiteConfederate colors, and were an attestof the high esteem in which the deceased was held by His large numberof friends.Former Paris Man Gets Appoint-ment.Will Move to Bourbon.The Mt. Sterling Gazette says:-"'Turney Patton, formerly of this-city, has sold his interest in the drygoods firm of Patton & Talbott.at Carlisle, to bis brother, James Patton and i integrity1 i. T3l 1 111 i. l I 1 J-aDout trenruary 1 will movefarm in Bourbon county.Friends of Mr. C. E. Nippert in thiscity will be gratified to learn of hisappointment as a Director of theChamber of Commerce (in Cincinnati.The appointment was made Saturdayf by Mayor Hunt and Mr, Nippert afterrecieving the oath or otnee yesterdayentered upon his duties.Mr. Nippert is a son of Mr. P. Nippert, of Paris, and for several yearshas been a resident of the Queen City.He is one of the recognized businessmen of that city and his appointmentto the office is an attest to bis businessMr. Nippert is one of theBoys' Work Institute in SessionHere.The Boys Work Institute conductedby representatives of the Y. M. C. A.,began its ? esion in this city Saturdaynignt when a conference betwen theState and local workers was held attne Public Library and was presidedover by Mr. P. C. Dix, of. Louisville.' The meeting was full of interest.although .the attendance was reducedto a minimum by reason of the coldweather.All religious interests were centeredin the work' Sunday. Mr. W. C. Paige,of Louivsille, presented the problemsattending boys' religious life at thePresbyterian church Sunday morning,and the pastor Dr. Shive, expressedhis full sympathy with any movementthat, would make "Christians of theboys.At thelChristian church Mr. E. S.Woosley read a Scripture lesson aboutthe boy life of Christ, and Mr. Dixmade a strong address along the lineof boys' work.In the atfrenoon there was a meeting for boys at the Baptist church,which was addressed by Mr. Woosleyand Mr. Lee M. Terrell, secretary ofthe Student Branch of the Y. M. C. A.The boy cornetist, Cecil Noe, of Lexington, was present and added interestto the occasion. vAt the same hour there was a meeting at the Christian church for allinterested in the movement with Mr.Dix presiding. A talk on "Characteristics of Boy Religion" was ably givenby S. A. Harris, of Frankfort. "TheResponsibility of Adult3 for BoyLeadership" was discussed by Mr.Paige, followed by an informal discussion, which was entered into by Dr.Shive, Dr. Lydia Pogue, Mr. HoustonRiun, Mr. W. 0. Hinton and others.In the eveninc: at 7:3) a union service was held in the Christian church,with Mr. Dix presiding. Special musicwas rendered by Cecil Noe, the choir,and, a male quartette composed ofProf. A. H. Morehead, Messrs. Wm.Stackhou9e, Prentice Lancaster andWallace Clarke.Stereoptican views of camp lifewere shown including special views onCamp Daniel Boone on the KentuckyRiver, and which was the work particularly emphasized during this institute. These were followed by shorttalks from several Paris boys who enjoyed an outing at the camp last summer, these were Edward Spears, DanPeed, Jr., Edward Myall, MarmadukeBmwn and Denis Snapp, Messrs.Henry Power and W. 0. Hinton spoke,endorsing the work.to his . many old Paris boys who are makingI good in their adopted homes.Reduction on Manhattans.Manhattan shirts atv usual endseason reduction.12 2t MITCHELL & BLAKEMOE.ofIEvery Bay a Bargain Bay at 'Our StoreiDAN COHEN!GIGANTICMANUFACTURERS'CLEAPneumonia in Stvine.Just at this season of the year Ken-tucky is thickly scattered with a fatadisease, in hogs. This disease in a,majority of casesns hog cholera, buttnere have been many applications foranti-hog cholera serum where upon in-vestigat ion we found it was not hogcholera but pneumonia. Pneumonia inswine is a very common disease, andduring the winter months especiallyis very prevalent, and one should beable to distinguish between the .primary inflammation in the lobes,lobules and connective tissues of thelungs pneumonia and hog cholera,which frequently shows a secondarypneumonia in combination with lesionswell indicative of hog cholera. Adifferential diagnosis of' these twodiseases in swine is not always possiblebefore death, and a ostmortem istherefore necessary. It is true that inhog cholera pneumonia often exists, butalways as secondary pneumonia; .however pneumonia may occur alone as aprimary infection.In pneumonia congested areas arefound in the lungs," sometimes of abright red tinge but often of a darkgrayish red. In soma places they areblack with- pockets of pus (Gangreneus). This latter condition is foundin secondary pneumonia, consequentuponxholera, as well as invprimarypneumonia. Where cholera exists thelung hemorrhages are present also in,the form of small pin-point hemorrhages. Also in this case the choleralesions are prominently developed inthe alimentary tract. These pointsswrve to distinguish the two conditions,whether existing alone or simultaneously. When the two exist togetherthe pneumonia is secondary and contracted after the cholera has loweredthe vitality.Pneumonia in swine passes thoughthe same stages as in other demesticaniamls and in man, accopmanied bysympthoms practically the same, ifcorrectly interpreted. Mechanicalpneumonia is irequent in nogs ana 13caused by direct irritition, such asmedicinal liquids in the form ofdrenches which lodge in he lung tissues ; by dust and dirt constantly inhaled from dusty sleeping quartersny external wounds or portions offractured ribs penetrating the lungtissue ; irora housing in ill ventilatedstanies, necessitating the constanatinhalation of foul air, which is insumcient in oxygen to nourish thebody and results in pulmonary stagnation and congestion. The animal exhibits a chill, often passing unnoticed,followed by fever, which is indicatedoy dullness ana drowsiness ; increasedbreathing and dry cough, with almostcomplete loss of appetite. Many casesin the early stages can be checked by4-1 C 1 1 - ,lub use ui pesoin sans, i oz., andcalomel 2-10 gr. Aconite tine. 4-15 mand veratrum viride fluid xt 20-30 gr.are good for their fever reducingproperty and their effect upon thevuBuuiar system, ana snouia D8 combined with stimulants and tonics, suchas wmsKey,ginger,aicohoi and brandy.ljauaanum, jl-4 ar. snouid be given tokeep aconite and- veratrum from producmg voimtmg. In the convalescentparioJ ammonium carbonate, 15-40 gr.,or turpentine are used as exnectoranta.The treatment for pneumonia shouldin the fhst place be prevention by removing tne cause, which is fremipntlvaue to exposure and chancreahiAmatic conditions. During the earlvr T 1 I I ' .acting ur mie xau wuen negs are improperly nousect or sheltered it is notuncommon for them to die from thistrouble. It is sometimes the result ofcatarrh brought on by slight exposureto com.RANGETOBEGINRY20!SATURDAY, JANUAThis Will Be the BiggestSHOE AND RUBBER SALE' Of the Season, and Will Long Be Rememberedby the People of Bourbon County.Tax Judgment Given.in tne Fayette County Court Saturday Kevenue Agent Miles P. Rehornwas given a judgment acrainat Si mnnWiel, well known here, by Judge Percyococc. xne judgment holds that thedeiendant is liable to taxes on notescasn and stock in toieign corporationsvalued at $10,000 for the tax years nflyuo-iyiu The tax, penalty and costsamounted to the sum of S582Miilersburg Boy Gets Position.mr. u. A. uall, or Millersburg, thiscounty, a graduate of the KentuckyState University College of Agriculture, has been apDointed dairy tvnprfof the-Southern Railway and will enteron ins duties on January 20. Mr. Ballscted as assistant on the special dairytram run by the Southern Railwaylast spring. His work will be to enlist the interest in dairy farmingamong the farmers along the line ofthe Southern railway, and 'his headquarters will be in St. Louis. Mr.Ball has specialized in animalhusbandry and dairying in his collegecourse and has since been employed, inthe live stock department of StateUniversity. He was an honor graduateand was highly recommended by thecollege authorities.Paris in Grip t! King Winter.Paris is firm in the grip of KingrWinter and Saturday morning thrcoldest day of the present season wadrecorded w hen the mercury went to anoint between twelve and fifteen degrees Deiow zero as indicated byvarious thermometers throughout thecity.The heavy snow which fell Thursdaynight covered the ground to a depth ofseven inches on the level and in manyplaces drifted to a depth of two feet.Roads leading to this city from out, inthe county were rendered almost impassable and the streets were in suchcondition from the heavy snow fallthat the city hands were busily employed all of Friday with teams inclearing the snow off the sidewalksand making paths for pedestrians.Saturday morning the coldest weather of winter prevailed occasioningmuch suffering and continued throughout the dav. Sunday a rising temperature afforded some relief, and themercury in some places reached thefreezing point, only to be sent downward again by a cold wave Sundaynight, and yesterday hovered aroundthe twelve degree mark. The cityhands were engaged yesterday withthe street sweeper in removing thesnow from the gutters.The weather indications for todaypoint to a slight relief from the present situation and it is to the effectthat today will be fair with a slowlyrising te'raparature.Special Clubbing Rate for 60Days.See Friday's iPaper for Particulars.DAN COHEN336 Main StreetParis, Kentucky.At The Big, Electric Sign.-a4;K1TIE EIHIE KMETTastes Like and is Eaten LikeCandy.In our experience in the handling'ofdrugs and medicines, we believe wehave never had experience with anyremedy that gave such great satisfaction to our customers as do Rexall Orderlies. This remedy is not like anyother laxative or catharic. It containsall the good features of other laxatives, but none of their faults.Our own faith in Rexall Orderlies isso strong that we offer them' to youwith our own positive personal guarantee, that if they do not thoroughly satisfy you, you only' need to tell us andwe will hand back to you every pennyyou paid us for them. Therefore, intrying them upon our recommendationyou take no riak wnatever.Rexall Orderlies taste like and areeaten like candy. They do not gripe,cause nausea, excessive looseness, orany other annoyance. They act so easily that they may be taken at, anytime day or night. They are particularly good for children, aged or delicate persons. They are put up in convenient tablets in three sizes of packages. Prices 10, 25 and 50 cents.Remember, Rexall Remeides can beobtained in this community only at burstore--The Rexall Store. G. S. Varden'&Son. ? ' ' ; fBy special arrangement the News isenaoled to furnish the most attractiveclubbing rate ever put before the public. For the next 60 days we will offerthe Daily Chicago fixaimner, recognized as one of the foremost journals ofthe United States in connection withthe Bourbon News, for one year forS3. 75. This is a great opportunity tosecure both papers at a great reduction. All subscriptions should be sentto the News. tfTipton to Attend MeetingPresident Ed. A. Tipton, of " theKentucky Trotting Horse BreedersAssociation, has arrived in Lexingtonfrom New York to be present at theannual meeting of the stockholders ontoday.Human Blood as Printer's Ink.It is said that Faust carried a mmber of his "Mazarine" Bibles, so called because a copy came first to theknowledge of modern booklovers fromthe library of Cardinal Mazarin, toParis about 1455-56 and suld one to theking for seven hundred crowns, about$840 and another to the archbishop ofParis for six hundred crowns, say S720.On comparing their purchases theywondered at the exquisite accuracyand uniformity of the text, and onlearning that other copies had beensold at from five hundred to six hundred crowns each, which on comparisonproved to ba exact duplicates, it wasconsidered impossible for merelyhuman skill to produce such masterpieces of penmanship. The red misused to rubricate the illumiated partswag also of auch brilliancy and "body"that it was promptly suspected to havebeen composed of human blood, an1Faust wab apprehended on a charge ofsorcery, and only escaped the facotsand the stake by revealing his secret.ihe tradition that Doctor Faust was amagician who had sold his salvation tothe devil, probably arose from thisstury of which his competitors, thecopyists, took all the advantage possible. It is toldof one medieval printerthat, having been set to work upon ageometrical work in which various figures were inserted, he became convinced that he was making a book ofmagic which had been composed undertne direct inspiration ot tne devil.Thereupon he .remonstrated with hisemployer and told him that he couldnot consent to imperil his salvation bvfinishing his task. His master insistedupon his continuing his work, but inspite of ridicule and argument, thepoor fellow became so agitated that hefell sick and died in the belief thathis misfortunes were due to the facttnat he had taken part in an unholyand illegal enterprise. "The Printerand Publisher." Charle3 Winslow Hnliin National Magazine for January.Are YouAlive?We are looking for alive firm or individual togive them the exclusivesale ofRichmondSuctionCleanersElectric and Hand PowerManufactured bythe McCrum-Howell CtJthe largest air-cleaningmachinery manufacturers in the world.$15.00 to $75.00You can sell same onour easy payment planand we will carry theaccounts.Wewill teach you how.We give all our representatives a free courseof Richmond Salesmanship. Our special representative will show you howand help you make sales.Get out of the rut.Write today and givelull particulars toChas. E. Eckel, Gen'l Mgr.Richmond Sales CoRush and Michigan StreetsCHICAGO(2)Case Continued.The examining trial of Charles Henson, who is charged with having cutCleaver Weaver in a fight at RuddlesMills on Christmas eve was called inthe County Court Friday but owing tothe absence of an important witneasthe case was continued until Friday,January 19.Conductor Injured in Accident.Conductor VV. H. Ratcilffe. whoformerly was a conuductor for theKentucky Traction and Terminal Co.,was injured in a collision near Columbus, O., Friday. In the collision bothlegs were broken below the knee asdhe sulFered other injunVs. Ratcliffewas well nown in this 'city.t 1Real Bargains.For real bargains in an end of seasonsale seeMITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.12 2t "We Know How."?ESSASKANT--SUCCAm ME WILL TELl YOUAVED ITASK JiNYFAILUREAMO JE WLL TELL YOUHE WISHED HE HADCopyright 1910. by the Standard Adr. Co.dependent, he who provides for himself and his dependents. Negative, he who fails to provide forhimself and his dependents.IJUbiiiVJii or negative. Two -states. Positive, the in-iXWe pay 3 per cent interest on savings accountsDEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS. !!xCapital $100,000Surplus $30,000 I..,. MM,f4