THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1912Senator Thomas Talks toOwners.Senator Claude M. Thomas met theauto owners of Bourbon county Saturday afternoon, to discuss the NewcorabBill now pending in the Legislature.Although favoring amending the drastic provisions of the bill Senator Thomas indicated that he woull votefor theKmW WVSBHBHBW WHMHBHV VPI Cleaning-Up-Sale III Remnants and Odds and Ends !Vfafafa$SPfafafafafafafafafafafafafafafafam111!fPAs a result of a very successful January Sale, we haveheaps and piles of remnants of all kinds of goods Remnants of Dress Goods, Ginghams, Table Linens, Embroidery, Laces, Ribbons, etc., which we are going toclean up at remnant prices.Also we offer broken lines in all Ready-to-WearsSuits, Coats, Dresses, Waists, House Dresses, Muslin Underwear, slightly soiled, Solid Lace Curtains all these atprices that will clean them up promptly.All our Shoes to be closed out to discontinue thisdepartment. .This is a sale that will appeal to every economicalwoman.Come early and get choice of the bargains.The Simon Befjartmerat Store,Paris, KentuckyOTE-Spring Suits Arriving DaiBy.4mJ$j XJried and &ound SuttiyW Of Selling the Most Goods WTor the Least Money.i16 lbs. Granulated Sugar ....$1.002 cans good Corn 15cGood Bulk Coff6e, per lb ' 22 1 -2cOld Reliable Coffee, per lb 30c2 1-2 lb. can Asparagus 20cFull qt. can Karo Syrup 1 OcNew Orleajis JlolasseSjngaJU. 45 c8 bars Lenox Soap 25cLarge size Mackerel 1 O or 3 for 25cMedium size Mackerel 5 c3 boxes Matches 1 OcBLUE RIBBON FLOUR25-lb Sack 70c5CMb Sack $1 .401 OO-lb Sack $2.75Now, you cannot say that Paris is a high town ongrocers, for everybody is coming to Paris to trade atLenihan's Cash Grocery. They get the same goods forless money.T. C.LENIHANfafawaitCash Grocery.Both Phones 234hprtKtA4Spring Opening1 1WJ 11 o-aav ana w eunebudvMerchant TailoringDepartmentPR16E&60.6l0ttli6rS500 Woolens on DisplaymmYou Are Cordially Invitedmmmeasure when it came up in the Senate. The meeting was held in the countycourt room and was largely attended.Dr. C. G. Daugherty presided.Senator Thomas said in address tothe members of the lCub that it wasnot his parpese to aid in passing Lwthat would prove detrimertal topersonal property, and had reachedthe conclusion that the cartainmeasures of the Newcomb bill werevery drastic and the fact that the billwas before the General Assemblythree weeks before he knew o itspresence, only recently and sirce it.had been assigned to a committee f fwhich he was a member had he giv nit any Berious consideration, and aft rhe had been besieged with protests hewith the assistance of Senator Tunif,of Leixngton, had certain amendmentsmadeand reserved the privilege ofoffering others when the measure cameto a vote before the Senate.Representative Sidney Clay, ofBourbon, who was also present, agreedwith Senator Thomas that as mattersnow stood, almost any automobile billwould pass either the House or Senate.Senator Thomas said the bill as nowamended to tax the autos on a basis ofhorse power would be reduced to $10,and that when the bill was before thecommittee he insisted upon the clausemaking the auto owner liable in case"of accident, whether he was present ornot be stricken out. No drasticmeasure, according to Senator Thomasshould be adopted, but there should becertain regulations and restrictionswhich he strongly favored. 'Senator Thomas then read the Newcomb Bill and Dr. C. G. Daugherty,as chairman of the local club, pointedout the provisions of the measurewhich he regarded as drastic and towhich the automobile owners throughout the state had expressed themselvesas being opposed.One of the principal features of themeeting was the resolution adoptedand presented to Senator Thomas asking that the Legislature pass an actproviding for the return of the taxacquired from automobiles to thecounties to be placed in the countyfunds for the purpose of constructingroads. The resolution met with theunanimous endorsement of the Club.A resolution was introduced by Sidney G. Clay, as a member of the Bourbon Motor Club, urging the passage ofthe Knight bill in the Lower House,which is calculated to meet with trieapproval of the autoroubilewwerR whohave been sobitter in iheii oppositionto the Newcomb bill.The sentiment in regard to the Newcomb bill seems to be widespread andthe meeting Saturday afternoon wasattended by a large number of citizens,aside from automobile owners anddealers. Mr. Arch Hamilton, of Lexington, was among the interestedspectators.Files Petition in Bankruptcy.Charles R. Turner, feed and coalmerchant of Paris, filed in the UnitedStates Court at Frankfort b'riday apetition in bankruptcy According tothe schedule filed Mr. Turner's liabilities are $52, 000 while his assets arenothing.Mr. Turner was at-one time a wellknown farmer and stock raiser, but inthe crash of 1897 when the late Wm.Tarr, Hutsell Bros, and McClellandBros., of Bourbon county, failed andassigned, the farm of 511 acres belonging to Mr. Turner, comprising thehnest Jtslue Grass land was sweptaway. In tnese proceedings Mr. Turner is attempting to wipe out all of hisold debts and begin anew.For Sale.Velvet rugs 27x50, $1 this monthonly.A. F. WHEELER & CO.More Hemp to be Cultivated.A number of farmers of this sectionare planning to turn their attention tothe cultivation ot hemp during thepresent year. For several years hempgrowing has been almost abandoned inBourbon county owing to the difficultyexperienced in getting help to breakthe hemp.after it is raised. Duringthe year just passed not more thanthree hemp crops were, raised in theentire county, and an acreage of thethree crops aggregated less than 200acres. Among those who will growhemp this year will be Woodford &Taylor, who contemplate putting inthree hundred acies on their lands nearthis city.Information Wanted.Miss Tine C. Houston, of Mexico,Vlo., in an effort to locate members ofthe Campbell-Wells family formerlyof Bourbon county, writes the News asfollows:Mexico, Mo., February 8, 1912.Bourbon News. ParisxKy.Gentlemen I am anxious to get intouch with some one in your countywho is familiar with the CampbellWells family.Elizabeth Wells was married to! They lived in Bourbon county. Their'daughter, Mary Jane Campbell, was! married to John R. Carter, of KentI Island, Md., in 1831.I If you.know of any one who wouldlikely have this information please; lurn it over to them, or if you have aj D. A. R. Chapter in your city perhapsthey can help me.Very truly,! MISS TINE C. HOUSTON.4 Any information received by theNews will be communicatee! to MissHouston.The Semi-Annual Display ofhigh-class Spring and Summersuitings byThe GlobeTailoringCofaCincinnati, O.,ill be given at our establishment onFebruary 12-13Call and make your selectionand be measured by an expert.Mitchell & Blakcmore,IOutfitters to MenParis, Kentucky13e iixii 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 n 1 1, lii 1 liti 1 1 1 1 m 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 m 1 1 1 1 1 n 1 1 ! 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i 1 1 1 1 1 1 w n 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 m 1 1 1 1 1 m 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 nijMiniiuii iiiuiiiiiiniii 1 11FRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.1 &I .5Special ReductionsOn AllWINTER GOODS20 Lad ies' and Misses' Suits,' Choice$5.00 Each: Values Up To $25.00 .COATS AND FURSAt Big Price ReductionsBe sure and take a look at our Remnant Tables . Big' A.Bargains to be found in all kinds of Yardage Goods.'. Frank & Co.Paris, - - KentuckymCMiHiuiiiiini iiriiiiJiMi ?:i:iniiiiniMiiiiiii! Miiiitiiuiiiiii 11 1 1 ninuiii iiiiiiJiiLuiiiiiniiiiiiin; ninrtiiiiniuiiiMrM lrvrs AmmmmmmmmMmmmmmmTHE BOURBON NEWS. PARIS. KENTUCKY FF.n it 1012 ;; -r i i .a Tax.;LAXATIVEFOR WOMEN GIVEN FREESo many of the ills of -women aredue to habitual constipation, probablybecause of their false modesty on thesubject, that their attention cannot betoo strongly called to the importanceof keeping the bowels open. It isalways important to do that, regardless of the sex, but it is especiallyimportant in women.From the time the girl begins tomenstruate until mentsruation ceasesshe has always vastly better prospectsof coming through healthy if shewatches her bowel movements. If youfind yourself constipated, with badbreath, pimply complexion, headaches,belching gas and other symptomsof indigestion and constipation, takea small dose of Dr. Caldwell's SyrupPepsin. It is woman's favorite laxative. You will find that you can doaway with salts, strong cathartics,etc., which are entirely unsuited towoman's requirements.Mrs. Katherine Haberstroh of McKees Rocks, Pa., and Mrs. A. E. Herrick of Wheeler, Mich., who was almost paralyzed in her stomach andbowels, are now cured by the use ofthis remedy. A free .sample bottlecan be obtained by addressing Dr.Caldwell, and after you are convincedof its merits buy it of your druggistat fifty cents and one dollar a bottle.For the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building,Monticello, 111.Tariff isasBourbon LaundryD.WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice.Ill 119a I' msmiit iHi I iflPII m i ymA P rticuiar Service ForParticular People.They are pleased -with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Bourbon Laundry,Theword."tax" bhould be substituted for the word " tariff." The peoplewould then understand the question better. Fewer people would then acceptthp. protectionist theory that the wayfor them to increase their prosperitywould be to increase the tax on everything they eat, wear or use. To usethe word "tax" instead of "tariff"would be to make the protection appear ridiculous to tha wage earner.Instead of saying the"tariff on wool,"it would be belter to say "the wooltax," or "the sugar tax," or "the implement tax," "the sewing machinetax," etc. The word tariff is a deceiver. But the'people know what tax is.They know they pay it themselves.The word tariff has a certain ring toit that Bounds like it was paid by onethird party.STOCK, CROPAND FARM NOTESProfits of Beef Trust.The beef trust packers declare thatduring the years 1907, 1908, 1909 and1910 their net profits from fresh meatwere only one-eighth of one cent apound.In 1907 the retail price of fresh meatwas from 11.8 to 13.3 per cent higherthan in 1900, while the nrice of cattledeclined in that period from $92.46 to$81.53. And while dressed beef washalf a cent a pound dearer in 1910Jthanin 1909, the price of beeves was lower,declining from $9 per hundred pouns in1909 to $7.55 in 1910.Any self respecting cow, says theNew York World, has the right towonder who got the extra differencebetween her price on the hoof and herprice dressed.The Last Straw.Paris, Kentucky,Locanda2:0SThe Fastest Son of AHerton 2:09Sired by Allerton 2:09, the world's leading sire of standard performers:dam Katharma (great brood mare), by Alcyone 2:27; second dam KatieJackson; by Almont 33. Holder of world's pacing record, y, miles, 3:15XTERMS: $50 TO INSURE A LIVING FOAL.. Peter Billiken (3) 2:16 1-4Son of Peter The Great 2:07,leading sire of futurity winners, dam Baron Lassie, by Baron Wilkes 2-18Winner.of 6-heafc race against aged horses.Terms: $50 to Insure a Living Foal.(2) 2.19o?f .I 5lac Wiff 2:07 Remorseful 2:08X, Dorcas H. 2:08, Betsv G2:10. Katherine A. 2:11 (Ky. Futurity winier 1902), Bessie Brow ! 2: 12XNedra W. 2:14 Rena Wise 2:15, Sheeney 2:15, g Wag 2:l6X?(chamIpion of Europe) Durgee 2:19, and twenty-three others in 2:30 list$25 To Insure a Living Foal..gfie celebrated James E. Clay jack, will make the season at Manlehursf- Sf-noVarm. Tomack is the best breeder of mu.es that eue? stood X Tcount$1 2 to Insure a Living Foal.W. A. BACOfN, Paris, Ky.One of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are ShowingA-moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presrtep. handsome display of smartmillinery.'We have made extra effortsthp season to reach the idea ofevsry. woman and feel confidentofr your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.TMrs. Corne Watson Baird.Hot and ColdBATHS'Hot and coldj baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.M. A, KAHAL.Cement For Sale.Vlre have a few barrels of first classcement left that we will sell below themarket price.PARIS LUMBER & M'F'G. CO.TOBACCOHAULINGWe are prepared to haulTobacco to the markets atany point. No crop toolarge. We can furnish teamsand wagons.TRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Eighth Street Both Phones.The last straw binding the hopethat the Louisville and Nashville railroad might be permitted to absorb theFrankfort and Cincinnati was snappedThursday when the House Committeeto which it had been assigned, reported the Clay bill, providing for a voteto amend Section 201 of the Constitution untavorably.The bill, it is said, was introducedfor the" sole purpose of allowing theLouisville and Nashville to absorb theFrankfort and Cincinnati in k event ofits passage and a majority vote on theamendment. It was bitterly opposedby a few shippers in this city, andthose also in Frankfort. The contention of tne shippers was that the linebeyond the control of the Louisvilleand Nashville makes Paris a I'nm.petitive point, when if the line wasunder the control of the Louisville andNashivlle freight rates ould go skyhigh.Representative Clay amended his billthe provisions of which would havemade Paris a junction point, thefreight rates under the amendment being the same as those now in vogue,but however, the House Committeesaw fit to report the measure unfavorable. Unless the Supreme Court of theUnited States decides in favor of therailroad company, in event the case isappealed to that tribunal the Louisville and Nashville will be compelledto relinquish its hold on the Frankfortand Cincinnati. There will be no othercourse for the company pursue, andpractically brings to an end the controversy which has been before thecourts for several months.Local shippers are jubilant over theaction of the House "Committee, butthe people in general seem to realizethat the move will prove an injury toParis in the long run, in that therewill be no chance lor an extension tothe road, which has long been hopedfor and has had the effect of antagonizing the Louisville and Nashville andlessens the chances for future improve4. ! .11 . n .1meats uere an an account or the aggressive attitude toward the railroadcompany.To My Friends and HomePeople:I have started a Magazine andNewspaper Agency. Lowestprices on all Magazines in circulation. ' I ask for your ordersand help in getting them fromyour friends.Sincerely, yMrs. Rosa V. Wallingford.are theTwo Great Creatorsof EnergyEnergy means powerpower to work, to think,to throw off and keepoff disease.Get all the sunshineyou can, and-takeScott's Emulsionregularly. It will giveyou strength, flesh andvitality.Be sure to get SCOTT'Sit's the Standard and alwaysthe best.AIJ, DRUGGISTS. 11-19Inquiries as to the cause and nature of a peculiar disease in cattle,horses and mules from different localities in thH state have been received atthe eAperiment station. The affectedanimals at these different places present the same general sympthoms, withslight variations which might be expected. The disease appears only whenhorses and mules are fed on grain androughage which has become overgrown with mold, either in the pasture or the barn. An outstanding feature in every outbreak is that theaffected animals have had access to unwholesome feed either while at pastureor in the stable. The corn may appearsound, but on close examination it isfound to be affected with a mold. Various microorganisms have . been foundto be associated with the disease, butthe toxins produced by the mold whenintroduced into the stomach of the animal produce death. Serious disease haslong been known to result in animalsfrom many feeds, as unclean or damaged fodder, unclean water, musty hay,molded corn. decomposed potatoes, etc.The so-called forage poisoning amonghorses, mules and cows is a non-communicabledisease, which belongs to agroup of crytogaraic poisoning and isproduced only when food contaminatedby molds is eaten. Horses are moresusceptible than mules, though not invariably. The disease is characterizedby sympthoms which are referable toa disturbance in the nervous system,the mortality runs very high and bu 'few well developed cases recoverSucking foals do not contract the disease. In the same outbreak the diseasemay manifest itaelf in one of three 1forms acute, sub-acute and abortive!and is referred to under the termcrytogamic poisoning, forage poison-Jme, enzootic cerebntis, episootic cere-bro-spinalmenigitis,leuco-encophalitis,grass staggers, choking distemper,blind staggers, putrid sore throat, etc.The present season is especially favorable to the production of this disease,as a dry season, followed by rains, isfavorable to the development of vegetable poisons un.the grass 'and fodder,which consumed in large quantities,result fatally. The acute type is characterized by the abruptness of its appearance with grave general disturbances, which immediately manifestthemselves. The animal may succumbin one night. There is sometimes violent trembling and twisting of themuscles over the entire body, producing irregular 8and uncertain gait.Sometimes the animal walks in acircle. The gait ia weak and unsteady.The pharnyx is either partially or completely paralyzed. The tongue is paralyzed and protrudes tfrom the mouth,and sailva falls in streams Sfrom thelips. The pupil is dilated and as a rulethe conjuctiava is congested. Thepulse is variable an may be veryrapid and hard.or scarcely preceptible.Respiration is hurried and jerky. Thetemperature may be highly elevated,which indicates a resistance of , the animal to the disease, and becoming sunnormal it indicates aunroachine- death-There is no known means of artificialprotection and the disease will recur ifthe animals are again allowed accessto spoiled feed. It would be well,therefore, to investigate the conditionof the corn and roughage, and to feedsparingly or not at all, in order to protect against further loss from thistrouble.T. E. Baldwin, uf Richmond, soldto E. J. Stanton, of Los Angeles, Cal.,the coming two year old colt, AngelusPeavine, by Rex Peavine, at a fancyprice.E. R. Little, of Montgomery county, sold to John C. Trimble, of Montcomerv. a weanlincr stud colt hv Rnnr.bon Chief, dsm by McDonald Chief.The price paid was $lo0.Reports from Montgomery countyindicate the loss of over 100 lambsfrom cold, while many chickens, calvesand young pigs were frozen during thecold weather. The roads are filledwith ice, making travel dangerous andunsafe.The zero weather of the pastmonth has killed hundreds of littlepigs in Barren and adjoining countiesof Kentucky. Young Jambs are alsomeeting a smiliar fate. The loss willrun up into thousands of dollars.Winchester Democrat: "I. D.Gravitt purchased, Tuesday, from J.B. Martin, 121 acres of land nearBloomingdale for $6,500. It adjoins afarm now owned by Mr. Gravitt, andis a very desirable piece of land. Theterms were cash."Eber A. Kimbrough, .a sixteen-year-old Alabama boy, grew 225bushels of corn on an acre of groundin one crop during the season ot ltJll,thus winning the prize of a $250 muleoffered by the Central Georgia Railroad company and a free trip to theprincipal cities of the country. Hiscrop was produced at an aggregatecost of nineteen cents a bushel.S. C. Carpenter, of Millerbsurg,.bought of T. J. James, Jr , of Adrian,ba., tne saddle mare, r-orest Maiden,by Forest Denmark.dam by Red Cloud.Mr. Carpenter has heen breeding thismare on the shares for three years andin the trade, gets all the increase. Hehas sold to W. C. Sharp, Drakes Creek,Ark., the stallion, Robert E. Lee, byKing Chieftian, dam Forest Maiden asabove.NO ONE STRONGER THAN HIS STOMACH.The celebrated Dr. Abernethy of London was firmly of the opinion that disorders of the stomach were the most prolific source of human ailments m general: Arecent medical writer says: "every feeling, cmotion.and affection reports at thestomach (through the system of nerves) and the stomach is affected accordingly.It is the vital center of the body ." He continues, so we may fasaid to live (through) the stomach." He goes on to show that the stomach isthe vital center of the body. For weak stomachs and the consequent indigestionor dyspepsia, and the multitude of various diseases which result therefrom, nomedicine can be better suited as a curative agent thanZ. Pierce's Golden Medical 25iscov2zySeveral months ago x suffered from a severe pain righf;rtinder the breast-Done." writes mivs. ix. m. juukkex, atCorona, Calif. "Had suffered from it, off and on, for soytmnra T nkn cnfTnrnM frrvm he:ivt-hurn. did not ktinvMas. Muuken.what -was the matter with me. I tried, several medicinehut they did me no good. Finally, I was told it was myliver. I did not dare to eat as it made me worse. "VVhesever I swallowed anything it seemed that I v uld faint ithurt so. I grew very thin and weak from net eating. Wastold to take Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery. I tookfive bottles of it, and could feel myself getting better fromthe first dose. I conld eat a little without pain and grewstrong fast. To-day I am strong and well and can do a birrday's vork with ease. Can eat everything and have prat onflesh wonderfully. I will say to all sufferers write to Br.Pierce. He has my undying gratitude."GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.ifBOTH 'PHONES DAY 137; NTG-HT 299.The Best is none too good for you.1and make the Women happy.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North JMiddletown, Littler Rock anRuddles; Mills."When you have East Tennessee service you 'HAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedNOTICETOBUTCHERS AND FARMERS!Market Price I am' Paying For JHides:BeefJIidcs, 10 1-4 to 11 1-2Cents per lb.MAX MUNICH,8th Street, PARIS, KY.Call East Term, Phone 374NEW - BARBER - SHOP !Modern Equipment,4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service. -Farmers of Nicholas countv arealmost out of feed in many cases andmany of them are compelled to purchase corn shipped to them or let thairlive stock suffer. Corn is commardmghigh prices. Some of the farmers saythat the feed situation is becominccritical in the extreme. Unless theweather opens up soon, the sufferingnf live stock will be bevond anvthincheretofore known in that county.RICHMOND COURT The Climaxsays: The smallest crowd to attendpnnntv court in vears came to tow nMonday, yet no one could expect manpeople to brave the weather, with thethremomenter eight degrees below zero, in orer to attend this court As aresult of the small' crowd 'business wasverv slow in every line. At the Madison Stock Yards there were two. thousand head of cattle with prices rangingfrom 4 to 5 l-'i cents. About one thousand were sold. The mule market wasvery quiet. Sales made were $10 to$lo nigner man a montn ago. JNothinir doing in the hoe market. Feedstuff of all kinds is scarce and higherthan ever known before."Jlnnk LanqbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfaction,guaranteed.auglGfcfEast Tenn. Phoe 669Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDJoe. G. Mitchell,Against Rrc, Tornado andLightning. Two old (reliable, prompt paying companies.Phone 162AgentLOWEY & TALBOTTIP eiris, KentuckyALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.will not be yours unless youhave a parlo: stove as artisticas it is serviceable. 'Have alook at the!.stoves in this hardware store. They are brightand attractive and really betterheat makers than the; ugliest,old stove you ever saw,. Pret- .tiness costs nothing : either.Plain stnvps ft an Tint 1WhfoVirKt:$cheaper. -THE BQURBGN , NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB. 13, ,1912PUBLIC SALE-OFREAL ESTATE: : And Personal Property : :Located in and Around the City Limits of Paris, Ky., onWednesday, Feb. 21, 1912,At 10 o'clock a. m.Having sub-divided my farm, I will offer afc public sale, WITHOUTTESERVEi the following tracts:Tract No. 1 contains 24 acres. . ' . . "iTract No. 2 contains 3 acres. - -Tract No. 3 contains 3 acres. 1Tract No. 4 contains Zi acres.Tract No. 5 contains 4k acres.Tract No. 6 contains 5 acres.Tract No. 7 contains xz acres. yAll fronting on Georgetown pike.Tract No. 8 contains 10 j acres.Tract No. 9 contains 14 acres.Above two tracts have a 30 foot road to Georgetown pike.Tract No. 10 contains 42 acres, fronting on Georgetown pike.Said tract has a four-room cottage, good cistern, tobacco barn, 48x74 ft,,other outbuildings, all in good repair.14 building lots on Eighth street, 40x200 feet each.1 three-room house, stock barn and three acres .of land on Gano street.At the same time and place I will sell the following personal property:4 extra good young Jersey cows, fresh;2 sows and pigs, 7 shoats, 1 extra good young male hog ;2 2-horse wagons. 1 set wagon harness, 1 mower, 1 disc harrow, 1 Anarrow, plows, cultivators, etc.500 76-ft. locust fence posts, 25 large 10-ft. gate and end posts, locust.7,000 tobacco sticks, and many other things too numerous to mention.TERMS On real estate, one-third cash, balance in three equal payments, due in 1, 2 and 3 years, with lein on note, bearing interest at 6 per. ent, or if purchaser desires to pay all cash, will allow a discount of 2 per'ent. on deferred payments.On personal property, all sums of 20 and under, cash, all sums over thisamount. 4 months with bankable note without interest.Sale at 10 o'clock sharp.Free Lunch and Burgoo.GEO. RASSEINFOSS.For further information, address Harris & Speakes, Paris, Ky.Col. Geo. D. Speakes, Auct.PUBLIC SALEOFStock and Farming ImplementsHaving decided to quit farming and engage in the poultry business, Twill sell onThursday, February 15, 1912,at 10 o'clock at "Oakland Stock Farm," 2 miles from Paris, on the CaneRidge pike the following stock and farm implements:HORSES, MULES, PONIES.1 pair chestnut draft mares, one infoal to jack and one to horse ;1 pair red sorrel draft mares, in foalto horse ;1 sorrel addle and harness mare infoal;3 work muls, good ones ;1 2-year-old Percheron colt ;2 2-year-old harness colts ;1 2-year-old filly ;1 yearling filly :1 aged family horse ;1 pony gentle for lady or child todrive.CATTLE, HOGS. SHEEP.4 Jersey cows, 1 red cow ;1 black pole cow, will be fresh dayof sale ;1 red cow, fresh by day of sale ;1 mountain cow, fresh by day ofsale;2 Jersey heifers, 1 yearling red bull,1 yearling steer ;13 home raised yearling heifers,etxra good ;1 sow, will pig in March ; ,1 sow and 6 pigs, 1 sow and 10 pigs ;All my implements are good, having been used but one year.Sale rain or shine. Everything will be sold without reserve or by-bid.TERMS All snms under 825 cash, over that amount, six months creditvi h negotiable note, bearing interest at 6 per cent, from date of sale.Do L. LEGGETT.D. Speakes, Auct. E. T. Phone 616G.POR SALE!75 to 80 acres between L. & N. R. R. and Clint'onville pike.A Rood proposition for either sub-division or truck farm,very near Paris city limits. Price right if sold in the nexttwo weeks. Call or write owners,N. W. GRATZ, Trust Co., Lexington, Kv.NOTICEPlaintiff 'M.iry E. Griffith's Exor.vs.NoticeHer Legatees, etc.DefendantsAll persons having claims againstthe estate of Mary E. Griffith, deceased, are hereby notified and directed to ,present them, proven as is required bylaw to the undersigned Special Commissioner, at his la otnee in the cityof Paris, Ky., on or before the first;day of March, 1912; and that the,undersigned will be at the abovenamed office from this rdate until the ;first day of March, 1912 to receiveaid ,claims. Ic. a. McMillan, iSpecial Commissoiner Bourbon CircuitCourt.Cottage For RentFour room cottage on East Fourthstreet, near Power Grocery Co. newlyPapered and cleaned $12.50 per month.ANNA S. HUTCH CRAFT,6'3t . Home Phone 254.-1 sow and 5 pigs ;I 20 shoats, will weigh about 65 lbs. ;21 shoats.will weigh about 100 pounds ;40 sheep, extra good ones, will lambiviarcn l.FARM IMPLEMENTS, s.1 Avery wagon, good as new ;1 hay frame, 1 Deering binder ;1 Dering mower, 1 bull rake;2 check-rower corn t planters, 1Hoosier drill ;1 Bemus tobacco setter ;1 riding breaking plow, 1 disc harrow ;1 double disc harrow, 2 section harrow J1 double A harrow ;4 two horse cultivators, 2 one horsecultivators;4 breaking plows, 2 double shovelplows ;1 iron roller, 1 marker, 1 drag;4 sets wagon harness ;1 buggy and harness, good as new ;1 hog vat;Double trees, single trees, hoes'pitchforks, and many other things toonumerous to mention.Professional CardsJ J. WIIxLIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-L AW .loom 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.E. T 130.Office Phones j Home m( E T 334.Residence j Home 334.DR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices,Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyFOR RENT.I have for rent or will lease for aterm of years the best livery and salebarn in Paris, Kentcuky. Situatedcorner Second and Main streets, opposite Windsor Hotl, posseession givenJan. 1,-1912. E. T.P hone 198.' J. H. BUTLER. .12 tf , Paris, Ky.Furniture Polish.Many people do not know that lemon oil is the basis of all finq furniture polishes. A small bottle ofpolish usually costs 25 cents. Youcan buy a quart of crude lemon oilin bulk at a paint shop for 15 cents.For using on furniture proper, dilutewith one-third turpentine, apply witha soft rag, and you will have the finest polish you could buy. It is fine touse on hard wood, stained or paintedfloors. A quart of oil will last nearlytwo months.Paper Plates for Animal Pets.Using paper plates for animal petswill be found to be a good plan. Somapeople do not take the care to washplates kept for dogs and cats, although they should be kept scrupulously clean and be used for no otherpurpose. Paper plates, which maybe bought by the hundred for but little money, may be burned after theyhave been used. It is also a goodidea to have a piece of zinc put onthe back porch, where the pets arelikely to be fed, and place the disheson this for them. The zinc is easilycleaned.Think Shark Can Smell Death.There is an old superstition amongsailors, which is still believed in, thatwhen a shark persistently follows avessel it is a sign that some personon board is going to die. The allegedreason is that the great fish can scentdeath.SpecialCommissioner'sSaleOF-LAN DBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Thos. Henry Clay, Jr., as StatutoryGuardian of Jennie Connor, andOthers, on Petition.Under and by virtue of a judgmentof the Bourbon Circuit Court renderedin the above styled action, the undersigned Special Commissioner of thesaid Court will sell at public auction tothe highest and best bidder, at thefront door of the Bourbon county courthouse, in the city of Paris, Ky,, at orabout the hour of twelve o'clock, noon,onMONDAY, MARCH 4, 1912,the following described property:A certain tract of land situated inBourbon county, Kentucky, on thewaters of Strode's creek, and boundedas follows: Beginning in the middle ofthe Paris and Winchester turnpike atL, a corner to Matt Bedford and Mrs.Mariah Hildreth; thence N. 14. W.11.91 chains to K, a point in the middleof said pikejthence N.16j4W.3.56ehainsto J, a point in the middle of same;thence N. 2'A W. 2.80 chains to I, apoint in the middle of same coiner toThomas Henrv Clay; thence leavingthe pike N. 85W. 2.07 chains to A, aniron post corner to said Clay; thencewith his line S. 12 W. 2.01 chains to B,an iron stake; thence S. 53 W. 1.73chains to C, a stake on the east bankof Strode's creek; thence up said creekon the east bank thereof as it meandersS. 3 W. 4.30 chains to D, a stake onthe east side of a box elder; thence S.19 W. 9.70 chains to E, a stake on theeast side of an elm; thence S. 20 W.4.61 chains to G, corner to Matt Bedford; thence leaving the creek withsaid Bedford's line N. 68 E. 14.72 chainsto the beginning, and containing 15.27acres of land.The above tract of land has on it thehereinafter named improvements, viz:a substantial frame dwelling ' of sixrooms and two halls, one barn, onecabin, smoke house, hen house andother outbuildings.Said sale will be made upon a creditof six and twelve months for equalparts of $he purchase money, the purchaser being required to execute bondsfor equal installments of the purchaseprice," with good security thereon, to beapproved by said Special Commissioner,nayable to said Special Commissioner,bearing interest at the rate of six perj cent per annum from date of said saleuntil paid, having the force and effecto fa judgment, and to remain a lien onthe property sold until fully paid.C A. MCMILLAN,Special Commissioner Bourbon CircuitCourt.Talbott & Whitley, Attorneys.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer. '(3-10-17-24feb-2mar)PublicOFDESIRABLESUBURBAN HOMEOn Thursday, Feb. 29, 1912,at 1 o'clock, p. m.I will sell at public auction on thepremises in East Paris, at 256 Mainstreet, my home place, consisting ofabout ten acres of land, with all necessary improvements thereon, a largetwo story brick house with nine roomsand halls, porches, large cellars, Lathroom, hot and cold water upstairs anddown.electric lights and fixtures, meathouse, chicken houses, buggy andcarriage house, cistern, etc.TERMS Made known on day of sale.prospective purchasers are invitedto call and inspect the premises.At the same time and place will alsosell publicly one Uoll&day bui?Ky, onebarouche and a lot of household furniture. ,MKS..SALLIEC McMILLAN.- Paris,0KrSale!Special Commissioner'sSale: OFLAND.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Mrs. W.V. Massie's Adm'r., Plaintiff,vs.Her Legatees, Defendants.Under and by virtue of a judgmentof the Bourbon Circuit Court renderedin the above styled action, the undersigned Special Commissioner of the saidCourt will sell at public auction to thehighest and bestbidder.at the front doorof the Bourbon County Court House,in the city of Paris, Kentucky, at orabout the hour of twelve o'clock, noon,onSaturday, Feb. 24, 1912,the following described property:A certain tract of land in Bourboncounty, Ky., on the waters of Flat Runcreek, and bounded as follows:Beginning at 5, a corner to Mrs. J. W.Fisker; thence N 52 W 21.12 chains to6. a corner to Mrs. Redmon: thence S47 W 95 links to 7. a corner to same;thence N 35 W 2.00 chains to 8, a corner to same; thence N 03 W 2. 06 chainsto 9 a corner to same; thence N 67 W6.07 chains to A. a corner to same;thence N 30 W 2 43 chains to B, a corner to same; thence S 57 W 1.52 chainsto C, a corner to same; thence N 32 W1 85 chains to D, a corner to same;thence N 53 W 60 90 chains to E, hcorner to same; thence S 83 W 1.13chains to F, a corner to Mrs. Quinby ;thence S 47 W 7 70 chains to G, cornerto same;thence S 39 W 5.61 chains to H;thence S 294. W 4 10 chains to I, a corner to same; thence S 85 W 11.06 chainsto J, the middle of Ruddle's Mills turnpike; thence S 6 E 9.81 chains to K,the middle of eafd turn pike; thence S 2-JW 28.00 chains to L; thence S 9 E 8 68chains to M, the middle of same; thenceS Ui E 11.35 chainp to N. the middleof same; thence S 65 E 6 40 chains toO, the middle of pauie and corner to39.95 acre tract; thence N 46 degrees, 4minutes E 59.61 chains to A, a postcorner to said tract and W H. Whaley ;thence with his line S 36 E 10 84 chainsto the beginning, containing 249.95acres, and being part of the same landconveyed to the said first party byHorace Miller's Administrator, &s., bydeed recorded in Deed Book 87, page510. Bourbon County Court Clerk'soffice.Said sale will be made upon credits ofone, two and thre years for rqunl partsof the purchase m -nny, the purchaserbeing required to xpcute bonds forequal inHiuHnu'nis of ihe purchase price,with good cecuritv thereon, payable tothe said Special Commissioner, bearinginterest at the rate of 0 per cent perannum from date of sale until p.iid infull, and to remain a lien upon theproperty sold until fully paid, and eaiubonds are to have tue force and effect ofa judgment; or ti e purchaser may paypart or all cash if he so desires; and ifhe will pay as much as one third cash(by consent of parties) no surety will beieouired of him on his bonds for ther( ddue.C. A. MCMILLAN",Soecial Commissioner.TALBOTT & WHITLEY.Attorneys.M. F. KENNEY, Auct'r.(3feb 3t-s)FOR RENT.Three room house for rent in Shawhan. WM. G. KELLY.PUBLIC SALE.OF.Stock, Farm Implements,Etc.Having decided to quit farming, Iwill sell at public auction, at myfather's place on the Bethlehem pikeabout fonr miles from Paris, onThursday, Pel). 22, 1912,at ten o'clock a. m., the followingstock and farm implements:1 team horse mules, 7 and 8 yearsold;1 team horse mules, 6 to 7 years old;1 horse mule, 6 years old;1 horse mule, 14 years old;These mules are about 16 hands highand are extra good workers;1 8 year old mare by Blue Chester,in foal to Red McDonald; and one extranice driver;1 colt, by Taylor Simmons:117 ewes, bred to lamb in March;2 cows with young calves;14 sows, bred to farrow in 1 March ;1 Duroc boar;1 Poland China boar;70 &0-lb, shoats:1 Moyer rubber-tired buggy;1 break cart:1 Old Hickory wagon and bed;1 StudebaKer wagon and bed ;1 wagon frame;1 10-disc Hoosier drill;2 Deering binders;1 Randall harrow;1 smoothing harrow;3 steel beam Vulcan breaking plows;1 wooden beam Vulcan breakingplow;2 Brown Walking cultivators;1 Brown riding cultivator;1 Avery walking cultivator;1 Black Hawk corn planter;1 bull rake;1 Deering mower;12 hog houses, on runners;I dUU shocks of fodder;Some corn;J Six sets of wagon and plow gears;j 1 set buggy harness;1 Chicago horse-clipping machine;1 1 grind stone, etc., etc.J TERMS All sums of $25 and under1 cash. Over that amount a credit ofI six months willbe allowed on oodbankable note, bearing interest at therate of six per cent per annum fromday of sale until paid.LLOYD ASHURST, JR.,R. F. D. !No. 8, Paris, Ky.Home phone 519.' M. F. KEMNEY, Auctioneer.iyWILBUR P. NESB1T"I love the fly, the little flyWhich buzzes on the wall;"When it in flight goes zooming byI do not care at all.I do not lift my hand to smiteNor sticky paper spreadI love to hear the tricksy spriteGo humming: round my head."My head is bald as any egg,'Tis bare from ear to ear.And when a fly would scratch Its legAgainst it, it brings cheer.I am not one who pulls a frownAnd gives a raucous whoop"When some poor fly may tumble downInto his plate of soup."Ah, no. I lift the poor fly out,And orice more set it free;To see it sailing roundaboutIs happiness to me. . tI have an auto that can race, -I have a yacht that's fine,I have a town and country place, . 'A bank account is mine."My wife wears jewels big and rare,She has two hundred hats,And she can buy the finest hairAlso the largest rats.My daughter's married to a prince"Who has a ruined h.ill; t .I love the fly, I tell you; sinceThe fly has done it all."My son wears an outlandish suitAnd yells a college yell;"We always eat imported fruitAnd live exceeding well.I love the fly I'll tell you whyProsperity I've got:I make the swatters that you buyThe little fly to swat."SCIENTIFIC NOTES.Ice cream containing no more than6,000,000 bacteria to the cubic centimeter is considered safe. This meansabout 1S,000,000 to the square inch. Bycounting them five at a time you .willnot delay your dinner much.The force of gravity decreases withthe distance from the earth. Thus,when you fall downstairs, you do notfall nearly so hard at the top of theflight as when you are at the bottom.The theory that a cold in the headis caused by a germ which does notbecome active until the feet becomewet or cold is now placed in conflictwith the fact that legless men havecolds in their heads.Yrhile reading it requires one-millionthpart of a second for the ideato be transmitted from the retina ofthe eye to the brain. This is in somecasesin others it is impossible totransmit the idea in a million years.It requires one hundred years forthe light of some of the fixed stars totravel to the earth. By that time ithas forgotten what it came for.The Oyster.The oyster is a calm, unemotionalinstitution.A clam is alleged to be happy attimes, but the oyster never manifestsmuch feeling, if any.The oyster grows its own clothes;and as it spends all of Its time in Itsbed, its needs to grow but one sort.If the oysters were to be Inspiredby the modern fever of advancementand social life, it would have to groweight or nine suits or dresses, as thecase might be.Oysters are prepared for food byremoving their shells, which then become mother-of-pearL Many peoplehave become fabulously richpearls, are found in oysters.LecauseThesepeople become rich by selling the oysters. The oyster has never been success-fullyville.trained to do a turn in vaude-Agreement."O. . I don't know that she is sobeautiful," 'says the first individual."Not beautiful? Has she not a marble brow, an ivory skin andYuby lips?Not beau ""Conceding all that, am J not justified in asserting that she has a hardface?"The Old Rake! 'Old Gentleman What a pretty little lady. 'Five-year-old Boston Girl Sir, I'llcall a policeman if you annoy me further. Life.Give salt regularly.Cows should be kept out of the coId.'Rhubarb forcing may begin at any.j.time.Egg production isn't made rith ajone-scam diet."" ' f -A hen can't lay unless it has ahrabundance of feed.rThe horse is the only animal -whiche-ery farmer must have. ; "ifWhen you go into town, invest in ajgood thermometer for the dairyvKeep the ensilage covered. Frozenj.ensilage is no advantage to stock.A good, horseman never trots" adraft horse, even when he has no load.Sometimes size in sheep is secured!at the expense of activity and vitality.;It is a mistake to feed the pigsjsour milk when they are learning tojeat.When at all indisposed, a turkeyshould be separated from the rest oZthe flock.A lamb that is large and strong willstand weaning better, and also win-ter better.Hogs are great lovers of warmthand must have it for their most ecq4nomical growth.Size, vigor and activity; of bothicockerels and pullets are essential totgcod breeding of fowls.The most beautiful horse is notiworth much unless he has good,-!sound limbs and feet.Sunshine is life to all animals and!all farm buildings should be soj..planned as to afford it.Wheat middlings can nearly alwaysfbe used to advantage in connection iwith corn in fattening hogs.Rubbing the inside of the churniwith dry salt after -washing and 'wiping it helps in keeping it sweet.When from any cause a horse is letistand idle in the stable his rations,should- be cut down to one-half.We should let the heifers have "whatimixed hay they will consume audisome of the cornstalks to pick over.The individuality of each horse ishould be studied, and the feeds sup-'plied to meet; individual requirements.The churn should be thoroughlyscalded and cooled with clean, cold;water before the cream is put intoiit. While growing colts should be al-,lowed to run out as long as the weather will permit them to be exposed tothe storm.If dusty hay is fed, sprinkle withwater, and it will save the horsemuch annoyance, but better not feedIt at all.Do not feed the cows corn meal ifyou are feeding corn silage for ther,eis as much corn in the silage as thecows should have.Be sure there are no "narrow doorsfor the ewes to crowd through. OneJam may cause the lose of a lamb,or both ewe and lamb.If the milker and cow are co-workersin the milking business the milkerwill have a larger pail full of good,milk when he has finished.An orchard that is poorly plaifte'd.and carelessly managed the first yearis often an irregular, unprofitable orchard for its entire existence. -The cow that has a liberal appetite,and at the same time turns a largoshare of her feed into dairy productsis the cow that brings the greatestprofitKindness is one of the cheapest andbest rations you can feed to yoirrstock. They relish it more than themost succulent thing you can put before them.The old saying that "the eye o,th.shepherd fattens the flock", is as truenow as ever. The good feeder- lovecto watch the animals eat after theget their feed.The soil that is drained can beworked earlier not yonly because" thefarmer can get on the soil earlier,,but because it is warmer than, that'which is soaked.The ewe and lamb should be kept.in a small pen by themselves untiithey both understand their relationalwithout friction to themselves or thebalance of the flock.Where the bodies of fruit trees arecovered with a whitewash composedof lime and soft soap with a littlecrude carbolic acid added, there is.less danger of injury from rabbits, ,sunscald and insect pests that may attack the bark.' .The dual purpose cow that gvi$&'about three gallons of milk a day, aiid;produces a lonpc-legged, slab-sided1steer that takes three years to matur.eto make just passable beef, is not thanimal suitable to run cn the blghvpriced farm-of the twentieth' centiTi,'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB. 13, 1912Mvery One is Pleased with the GreatBargains They Are Getting inWatches, Clocks, Jewelry Silverware,Cut Glass, etc.It's BetterWhy NotHERE$58.00 Watches,$40.00 Watches,$24.00 Watches, now $19.20Similar Reductions on All OthersOur Umbrellas at $2.75 are especially good values.See the $24.00 Hand-Painted Punch Bowl in our window; theprice is being reduced $1.00 each day until sold. Put in your bidat whatever price you are willing to pay, you may get it.Watch our window and take advantage of the bargains shown.Program For Teachers' Association.An excellent program has beenarranged for the Bourbon CountyTeachers' Association and educationrally which is to be held ;in the courthouse in this city on Saturday, February 17. The event promises to bethe most notable in the educationalhistory of the county, in view of thefact that a number of the leading educators from all parts of the state willbe in attendance and a number of important addresses made. The following is the program as arranged by theCounty Superintendent, Miss MabelKubbins :Morning Session.10:15 Devotional Exercises Supt.Geo. W. Chapman, Paris.10 :25 Adrdess of Welcome Prof. 13.M. Roberts, Bourbon county.10 :35 Response Mr. C. H. Deitrich, Cincinnati.10:45 Address "Agriculture inSchools" Prof. T. R. Bryant, StateUniversity.11 :30 Address Prof. R. G. Stitt,Eastern Kentucky State Normal,Richmond.12:00 Address "The Relation ofHome to School" Supt. R. D. Squires,Carlisle.Adjournment for noon.1:30 Address "Teaching Englishin Rural Schools" Dr. A. S. McKenzie, St&te University.2:00 Address Mrs. John Little,Louisville.2 :D0 Address "Consolidation ofRural Schools," Hon. T. W. Vinson,Frankfort.3:00 Address Dean Anna .7.Hamilton, State University.3:30 Address "The Mission of thePublic School" Col. C. M. Best,Millers burg.For Sale Cheap.One "Leer System" file. In goodcondition. Will sell cheap for cash.Apply at News office. tfStanford Votes Dry.Stanford and Lincoln county voted"dry" in an election held there Saturday by a majority of 968. Despite theintense cold women and children formed processions and paraded ihe streetsofgStanford all during the day.Heard On the Streets EveryMorning.Good morning, how's your lights?Have you had your meter tested?Thank goodness there are only 29days in this month.1TTI . innen are you going to maice overyour property to the Light company?Which is the biggest, your rent orycur light bill?Instead of "How would you like tobe the iceman," it has changed to"How would you like to be the lightman?"They say the meter works just like aclock that's so, an alarm clock, atthat one of the Big Ben kind.Let there be light and there wasght. But we don't believe the goodLord intended meters to be used on us.3Our SpecialShort Profit Sale"0Is Now On!to Buy Them Than to WishGet That WatchARE SOME OF OUR PRICES:now . .$46.40now ... $32.00$55.00 Watches, now $44.00$30.00 Watches, now $24.00Husband Asks Divorce.Alleging abandonment for one yearOwen T. Gibson, of this city, led suitin the Fayette Circuit Court Fridayasking that he be granted a divorcefrom his wife, Mrs. Willie Bowen Gibson, who at present is making herhome with her parents, Mr. and Mrs.W. N. Mappin, in Lexington. Theplaintiff says he and the defendantwere married December 9, 1909, andthat they lived together as husbandand wife until January 5, 1911, atwhich time the defendant without faultupon his part abandoned him and hasnot since that time lived with him.Senator Claude M. Thomas, of Paris,is attorney for the plaintiff.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cutor shave,Three first13 tfgo to Buck s barber shop,class barbers.Auctioneer Speakes' DatesThe following are the sale date ofAuctioneer Geroge D. Speakes:February 13 John Brown, CaneRidge.Feb. 14 Wm. Cain, Cane Ridge.Feb. 15-D. L. Leggett, Cane Ridge.Feb. 16 John Treadway, Greenwichpike.Feb. 17 John M. Berry, nearMillersburg.Feb. 20-J. B. Wood, near Hutchison. Feb. 21 Geo. Rassenfoss, Georgetown pike.Feb. 22 Arthur Talbott, near Colville. Feb. 24 Chas. Penn, IClintonvillepike.Feb. 27 E. . C. Hawkins,near.Millersburg.Feb. 28 Mrs.Jackstown pike.Bedford Deaver,: Feb. 29 Mrs. Sallie McMillan, homein Parjs.Insure with W.Prompt payingcompanies.O. Slinton.non - uniontfL. N. Earnings.Reports of the Louisville and Nashville for December and for the sixmonths ended December 31 show a decrease in operating revenue for themonth and an increase for the sixmonths. Operating income for December was SI. 328,450, a decrease of $95,958, while the period from July 1 toDecember 31 the operating incomeamounted to Sb',379,111, an incraese of$588,122 over the corresponding periodor lyiu.BIRTHS.A telegram Sunday from LittleRock, Ark , to Hon. E.M. Liekson announced the arrival of a fine boy atthe home of Mr. and Mrs. DjrandWhipple. The young man has been?iven the name of his proud grandfather, Emmett Dickson Whipple.IV,iYou Had."To-day?News has been recieved in this5K marriage on December 27,1911 at Tucson, Ariz., of Mrs. Cora E.Cooley, formerly of Paris, and Mr.William C. Brown, of Tucson. Themarriage occurred at Tucson, whereMrs. Cooley has resided for severalyears.The marrige of MissJosephine,ucuiam-di, oi iewport, to Mr. J. Wfu u ' 01 raris will be solemnized atthe home of the bride's parents in thatcity Vediiesriay afternoon at 3 o'clock.dU"-. on,jy me immediate relativesand friends of the contracting partiesbeing present. No announcementcards or invitations have been issuedImmediately after the ceremony the"couple will leave for an extended wedding trip m the South.Invitations have been received nvfrienos here as follows:Mr. and Mrs. John Cooper Morrisonrequest the honor of your presence atthe marriage of their daughteririeien Sansontohi iVJr Charles A. LemkuhlWednesday evening, February thetwenty-firstone thousand nine hundred and twelveat nine o'clockIhirteen hundred and thirty VirgniastreetCharleston-Kanawha, West Virginia.Miss Morrison has frequently visitedher granpdarents, Mr. and Mrs. J. DButler in this city, and she has a hostof Kentucky friends.DEATH.Mrs. Rosa B. LaForce, aed 5years, died of pulmonary tuberculosisat her home on the O. M. f.lsiv fmnear Paris Saturday night. She issurvived by her husband, James M.LaForce and one son, aged 6 years.ne funeral services were held atthe residence by Rev. Ligon, Monday, February 12, at 10:30 o'clock.Burial in the North Middletown cem-!f27" TThei V-1 were: Mrs.Stella Brooks, Mrs. Ida Myers, MissMaud Johnson, Miss Inez Rose, MissBevtha Horney, Miss Frankie Mitchell.MMtelfgram-received Saturday byxewtuu lviiccneii announced them-Iu 01 . unc1' Mr- ThomasmiLuneji, wnicn occurred at Newuavenonn. ivir. Aiitchell was eightytwo years of age. He was a brother ofiTuiiom tt . anu Joseph Mitchell, deceased, and an uncle of Messrs. C BN. B. and W. W. Mitchell. nHr Sallie Neely and Miss Ella Mitnhpiiof this city. . 'Many years ago Mr. Mitchell was aresident of Paris and held a position inthe old Northern Bank. He movedfrom Paris to Lexington where he wasengaged in the banking business andlater located in New Haven, Connwhere he resided with his marrieddaughter. His wife died about threpyears ago.the remains will be shinned tn T v.mgton for interment m that- .itHarriving .there tonight.' m mmmmma ssmmbb mwrnamtmrn w II MATRIMONIAL.iM. A. Kenney's Will Probated.The will of the-late tM. A. Kenneywas probated in the county court Saturday The deceased bequeaths hisestate to his wife. Mrs. Jennnie Kenney, two sons, WalterKenney, and daughter,Webber, and granson,Ferguson.and ClarecneMrs. CorinneWm. KenneyThe instrument bears the date ofJune 10, 1909 and names as executrixwithout bond, his wife, Mrs. JennieKenney. The will is as follows:I, M. A. Kenney, ot Bourbon county,Kentucky, do hereby make and publishmy last will and testament.1. I desire the payment of my justdebts and funeral expnnses first.2. After the payment of my justdebts and funeral expenses as aboveprovided 1 give and bequeath to mjbeloved wife, Jennie Kenney, myhome place containing about 40 acres,also one undiviaed half interest in mytract of 270 acres of land known as theoldd home place, also all my notes,accounts, bank stock and money, allto be held by her for and during herlife, and I direct her as soon as practicable, after my death, to collect mynotes and accounts and to invest theproceeds, with what money I may havein good paying dividend stock, or inland, as she may think best for her interest to be held by her as above provided. 3 After her death I desire that allthe property devised to her be soldand the proceeds equally divided between my two sons, Walter and Clarence Kenney and my daughter, CorinneWebber, the portion devised to mydaughter to be held by her as hereinafter provided.4. 1 give and bequeath, to my daughter, Corine Webber, my tract of landcontaining 85 acres known as theJacoby farm also the "Billy Moore"house and lot and if I have not duringmy life invested for her the sum of$5,000, I direct my executrix, hereinafter named to invest for her said sumin good paying dividend stock or inland also said property devised to mysaid daughter to be held by her for andduring her life and at het death to goto and vest in the heirs of her body.5. I give and bequeath to my son,Walter Kenney my undivided one-halfinterest in the farm known as the Butler farm containig 258 acres.6. 1 give and bequeath to my son,Clarence Kenney, one undivided onehalf interest in my tract of 220 acresof lam1 known as the old home palcealso the sum of 2,500 to be paid tohim out of the portion of my estate devi&ed to mv wife after her death.7. I desire that ray wife and son,Clarence, and their vendeles shall havea right of passageway over the tractof 270 acres and over the tract of 108acres devised to my grandson, WilliamKeney Ferguson, to the Hume & Bedford turnpike.8. I give and bequeath to my grandson, William Kenney Ferguson, mytract of108 acres of land known as the"David Hume" farm" and 1 herebyappoint his father, J. W. Ferguson,his trustee and require surety of him,and I direct his said trustee to holdsaid land in trust for him until hearrives at the age of 25 years unlesshe should marry and have living issuebefore arriving at ssid age, in whichevent said trust shall then terminate.If my said grandson die leaving noissue living, then that portion of myestate devined.,to him shall go to andvrst in my three children, CorinneWebbre, Walter Kenney and ClarenceKenney, equally to be held by them inthe same manner and subject to thesame emulations as to the propertyhereinafter devised to them.I hereby constitute and appoint mywife, Jennie Kenney, executrix of thismy last will and testament and requestthe court not to require any surety ofher.Witness my hand this tenth day ofJune, 1909.M. A. KENNEY.Signed and acknowledged in thepresence of Geo. Alexander and D. C.Parrish.Thieves Invade Chicken Roosts.Friday night thieves invaded thechicken houses on the farm of Mrs.Nellie Highland near this city andmade away with more than fifty chickens. After making the raid thethieves fired through the window of atenant house and then made theirescape. The police have a valuableclue as to who the perpetrators areand arrests are likely to occur in afew days.Should Paris Own Her LightPlants.This question is being freely agitated, and seems to meet the approval ofa. large number of the citizens of thicity, who have expressed themselvesas being highly in favor of the municipal ownership of tne lighting plantsof the city.From the course the matter hastaken it is highly probable the citynay take some action, not at presenthowever, but at some future time totake over the property now operatedby a corporation and uwn and operateits own gas and electric light plants.mi j? x. xi j iLj.ne tact mat me citizens are up inarms over tne alleged excessivecharges registered against the consumers by the corporations, may beresponsible for the move in this direcuon tnat nas Deen started, ana mayhave considerable bearing on the council in asserting itself one day or theother.It is a fact well known that othertowns in the state which own and control their electric and gas sj stems aswell as waterworks, are making theinstitutions pay and at the same timeare giving the consumers their product at a rate which has been reducedto a minimum but which are sufficientto make the institution self-sustainingand as a result the citizens, consumersand tax-payers are getting the greatestbenefits.Cynthiana owns her electric lightplant, and from all accounts it is giving toe best of service, supplynig thetown with a Jday service that is theequal of any in the State, and it isstated the plant is turning money intothe city treasury.We are of the opinion that themunicipal ownership of the lightingplants in the city would be the propermove and in event the matter corneabefore the Council it should lose notime in taking steps o acquire theproperty., v ' ,:.f-A SALE OFWHITEComprising WhiteGoods. Washi.Goods, MuslinUnderwear andOther LinesKaufman, Sfcraos & Co.,WOLF, WILE & COMPANY, SuccessorsEvery announcement this firm makes through thecolumns of the Newspapers contains a distinct and important message to the prudent and economical purchaser ofMerchandise from this establishment. The goods offeredare of interest for one reason or another, either it is theprice, or the exceptional quality or both. The prices areno doubt in most cases the attraction, backed up by sterlingqualities for which this firm and its predecessors haveacquired standing among all classes of Lexington's population and those of our surrounding country. We may acid,that these goods offered here, are not bought for specialsale purposes, but are our regular carried high-class qualityof merchandise. No seconds, no refused styles or hardstock.JCaufmarij Straus & Co.Wolf, Wile & Company Successors.LEXINGTON, KY.MILLERSBURG ITEMS.Senator C. W. Mathersis quiteill at his home near here.Born, Thursday morning to Mr.andMrs. Arthur Robertson a son.Master Raymond Bowling, who hasbeen the guest of relatives here forseveral weeks has returned to his homein North Middletown.Mrs. J. M. Alverson left Monday forher home at Lawrenceburg afterspending several days with her father,Mr. J. G. Allen and family.Four hundred invitations are outfor the golden wedding anniversary !ofMr. and Mrs. Thomas Mcuhntock,which will be celebrated at their homeon Saturday, February 17.Mr. J. D. Henry and family willleave Thursday for their home in Morgan county, Mr. Henry having disposed of his farm to Mr. Paton who willtake possession immediately.Miss Mary McDaniel, who is teaching at Leesburg. was at home fromFriday until Sunday. Mr. J. F.McDaniel, Jr., of Cynthiana, was alsothe guest of his parents, Mr. and Mrs.J. F. McDaniel.Mr. J. B. Stanford, aged 8G years,died at his home near Plooktown Friday at eight a. in. He was a prosperous farmer and has resided in theneighborhood for many years. For thepast two months he has been in failinghealth and the end did not come as asurprise. 'He is survived by severalchildren. Funeral Sunday at ten a. m.from his late residence. Interment inCarlisle cemetery.Mr. O. W. Ingles entertainedtwenty-five lady friends informallyThursday afternoon from 2 to 5 inhonor of her sister, Mrs. J. M. Alterson, of Lawrenceburg, and MissDakota Best, of Washington, D. C. Adelightful meat lunch" was served.Mr. D. P. Jones entertained thechoir of the Methodist church Fridayevening from 8 to 11. The invitationswere rather unique and were gottenout in a musical form. A delightfullunch was served. xAuction.In the old Baptist church building,Saturday afternoon, February 17. 1912.at 2 o'clock. Furniture, gasoline andoil stoves, washing machines, clothing, etc.HARKS & SPEAKES.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESFOR SALE-100 tons of .rood baledhay and 30 tons of goodbaled straw.PEALE COLLIER & CO.The Cynthiana Log Cabin aavs:"Mr. Edgar B. Cason. of Robinson.says he has the best Jersey cow in thecountry. During the month of Januaryhe sold from this cow 31 nounds ofbutter, besides having plenty of butter, cream and milk for home use. Hebought her from Mr. G. W. Lee inFebruary 1900 after the first calf wasweaned. Since then she has neverfailed to be freh in October, and hasnever been dry." 'Base Ball Notes.Manager Ed McKernan,of the BattleCreek, Mich., team is contemplatingbringing his club on a Southern tripbefore the season opens and willpronably strike ?,Paris in his travels.The McKernan men will begin training in April.Three car loads of sod from the farmof Sid Clay, near this city, was shipped to Cincinnati last week to be usedon the new ground of the League Park.A considerable sum of money wasexpended in securing the sod.Red Kline, who was last year amember of the Piqua Club of the OhioState League, is now a free agent andwants to talk ."business" with some ofthe minor legue managers. The Parismanagement should loose no time inan effort to secure the big side-wheeler. Kline, it will be rdmembered, wasa member of the Lexington Club andwas pitted against "Doc" Williams inthe closing game of the season of 1910,which went for sixteen innings without either side counting a score. Hecertainly woul prove a trump card forthe Paris team, in view of the factthat pitchers of his class are realscarce articles in the Blue Grass-.George Feye, who formerly held theindicator on this circuit, recommendsHarry Weldon, a former Lima player,a fact that the Paris managementshould note.The Lawmakers have signed Catcherutis L.ogsdon, of Louivsille. Hetried out by the Colts last spring.waaThe Cincinnati Enquirer says ;Pitchers Merz, idird and Utrich haveOffers to Ditch in the Blue GrassLeague, but the money offered thev .declare wouid not support them thecoming season."State Board Organizes.The State Board of Equalizationorganized Saturday. M. J. Meagher,of Frankfort, was elected chairmanand Rowan Saufley, of Lincoln countyW. W. Longmoor, of Frankfort, andVictor Packwood, of Madsion county,were elected secretaries of the board.Hacker Combs Bead.Hacker Combs, who figured prominently in the recent troubles inLreathitt county, died at his home iJackson Friday night after a protracted illness. He was aged 30 years anawas the son of Buck Combs who waakilled in Jackson several years ago.Combs was indicted is the Breathittcounty court in connection with JaseDeaton and John and Tom Davidsonfor complicity in the assassination ofJohn Abner, which occurred in Jackson.Upon a change of venue the case wasassigned to the Bourbon Circuit Courtfor trial, resulting in the acquittal ofthe defendants on Saturday night,December 17, 1910. after the case hart-been in progress for a week. Of thequartette only the Davidson brothersare alive, Jase Deaton havinir hpphkilled by Anse White in a fight at!Quicksand, Breathitt county. " . 'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB. 13, 1912."Jifc BOURBON NEWS.-7ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOf fvrovTii'-rPERSONAL MENTION.Cantrill Wins Before CommitteeJ. Camobell Cantrill scored anotherMr. John Allison is seriously ill J victory over his opponents yesterdayat his home near Centerville. 1 afternoon when the State CentralCommittee made a ruling upholdingMrs. George YV. Judy entertained the Seventh District Committee inSomething New In Valentines.Every kind, size and price, from annv up. From the comic to thet be.autif -1, Valentine postcards, I rsturned Friday f- ..methintr new.fu;t) PARISBOOK STORE.at carJs on last Wednesday evening.Mrs. R. H. Wills, ot Cynthiana, isthe guest this week of Mrs. W. W.Judy.Miss Dorothy Talbott is in Cynthiana, the guest of her uncle, Mr. H. C.Shipp.Mr. and Mrs. Catesby Woodfordrom a month's stayin Florida.Mr. and Mrs. Jas. Crosthwaite,Defeat Richmond.The Paris High School basket ballearn went to Richmond Friday nightin i defeated the Rcihmond High.-ih'iol team by a score of 26 to 13.For Sale.:.50 lace curtainsthis month onlyA. F. WHEELER & CO.B. A. B. Meeting.T itre will be a regular meeting ofv- Richard Hawes Chapttr D. A. R.A- their rooms in the uourt house oni.iay. Mrs. O. P. Carter, Jr., andW. G. Talbott will be hostesses.For Rent.;.-,-o roomsply toto be used for offices.J. H. DOTY.Fire and tornado insurance.fvfcCLURE & CLENDENIN.Small Blaze.An alarm of fire from box 32 SaturjoX afternoon about 4 o'clock calledrqe fire depratment to the residence ofMr. George Minter on South Mainstreet. A blaze started from a defec.ve flue but was extinguished with.ttle damage to the property.Birmingham,S. Lilleston.Ala., are guests ofofMrs.Miss Flossie Staggs, of Vanceburg, is the guest of her sister, Mrs.M. J. Heller.fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Wcodrord.Representative Clay's Bill KilledI he bill introduced in the House byrepresentative Clay, of Bourbon couny. pioviding for an amendment toSection 201 cf the constitution waskilled Thursday when the committeeto which it had been assigned made anunfavorable report on themeasure.Money Well Spent.During our February Clearance Salewe are offering iron beds as low as1.9o up to $20.A. F. WHEELER & CO.Genuine Sorghum.New barrel of genuine Sorghummolasses just opened. Phone yourorder.tf SAUER.Social Tomorrow Night.Miss Carolyn Roseberry has returned from a several weeks visit tofriends in Baltimore.Miss Willie T. Summers returnedFriday from Cincinnati, where she attended the grand opera.Mrs. James Gray and children ofTaylorvsille, are" the guests of Mr.and Mrs. George Erion.Mr. Reuben Hutchcraft returnedSaturday from Seattle, Wash., wherehe has been on legal business.Senator C. M. Thomas and Representative S. G. Clay were home fromFrankfort from Friday until today.Mr. William Beasley, of Bourboncounty, is the guest of his daughter,Mrs. Boone Phillips, in Mason county.Mrs. Charles Cummins has returned to her home in Scott county after avisit to her sister, Mrs. Julia Houston.Mr. and Mrs. Barnes Ryan, ofGeorgetown, are guests for a few daysof Mr. and Mrs. Paul Hanley, nearthis city.Miss Lucille Price is in Cincinnatito attend the wedding of a daughter ofJudee Snieeal. which is to occur tomorrow.Miss Alice Rogers Clay, daughterof Hen. and Mrs. Sidney G. Clay, isquite ill at the home of Mrs. CamillaWilson on High street.Mrs. Georgia Wright and daughter. Miss Anna Wright, have returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Fayetteand Woodford countiesI. D. Yocum, of Georgetown, soldone crop of tobacco to Wm. McCray atNorth Middletown. for 7 1-2 cents.Robert Mason sold one crop to thesame party at 8 cents.Ur. Frank Daugherty was theguest Sunday of his mother, Mrs. Anna Daugherty. He was enrbute to hishome in Philadelphia after a visit ofj several months in the west.Mr.W. Fithian Lilleston, who wascalled here by the death of his sister,Miss Anna Lilleston, which occurred inKansas City, Mo., left Friday eveningfor his home in Wichita, Kas.i Miss Maria Lyons has returned( from Indianapolis, where she attended; the funeral of her niece, Mrs. Jenniei Metzeer. who died suddenly of heartcalling the primary for March 15.Twelve out of the thirtean committeemen were present ypsterday whenthe meeting was called to order in theball room of the Phoenix Hotel elevenin person and one by proxy. Chairman Henry R, Prewitt called themeeting to order.Chairman Prewitt, in opening themeeting, stated he wished to correctthe impression that he had refused tocall the committee together, the truthbeing that he was out of the State,and had received no request for a call.He then called for the protests, as abasis for action and the resolutionsadopted and signed by the tour members of the committee at the meeting; in r ranktort last Monday were prej sented. The resolutions bearing the1 signatrues of C. C. Clarke, of Bourbon, W. 0. Davis, of Woodford, W. P.Kimball, of Lexington, and John D.Grfnin, of Frankfort, protested againstthe call for the primary as heing illegal, unreasonable and unfair.Resolutions for and aerainst the callwere introduced, the case argued "byJudge Samuel Wilson for the protesting members, while Campbell Cantrillreplied in defense of the action of thecommittee in session at Frankfort onJanuary 15.At 3 :50 o'clock the committee tooka vote on the matter resulting in theupholding of the action of the SeventhDistrict Committee by a vote of 8 to 4.Miss .Ruth Morgan Seriously III.A telegram from Nashville, Tenn.,yesterday stated that Miss Ruth Morgan, daughter of Elder Carey E. Morgan, had undergone an operation forappendicitis in that city and was ir acritical condition.Two Hurt in Wreck.As the result of a wreck which occurred Saturday morning near NewForrest, a flag station on the Maysville Division of the Louisville andNashville, Conductor Ed Tingle, ofthis city was injured about the headand shoulders and Miss Georgia Adamson, of Carlisle, lost several teeth andsufferec1 several severe bruises.The wreck was the result of eastbound passenger train No. 7 "sideswiping" the westbound freight whichwas taking the siding at New Forrest.The passenger train was in charge ofEngineer E. B. Rogers and ConductorSpeed Hibler, and was due to arrive inParis at 7:22. The trains had ..meetingorders at that point, and the fact thata more serious wreck was preventedwas due to the passenger train slowingits speed.The frieght train was entering thesiding when the passenger train on themain line struck the caboose, overturning ihe enigne of the passenger trainand two freight ears loaded withmerchandise.Conductor Tingle suffered severa!severe bruises, which are however, notof a serious nature. He was broughtto his home in this city. Miss Adamson, who is the cashier of the BourbonHomo Telephone Co. in this city, wascoming from her homft in Carlisle.None of (he other passengers or trainsmen were hurt.A wrecking crew was sent to thescene from this city and it was severalhours before the track was cleared.Will Organize State Club.Dr. H. H. Roberts, president of theBlue Grass Automobile Club, has announced that a meeting of the secretaries of all the automobile clubs inthe State'will be called for Lexingtonon March l.for the purpose of forminga State federation of the various clubs.Since the introduction into the Senateof the Newcomb automobile law, whichis claimed by automoble men to be unreasonable, auto cluba have been formed all over the State for the purposeof protesting against the bill, and having been formed and the various owners gotten acquainted with each other,the clubs are flourishing some of themhaving more than a hundred members.It is estimated that by March 1, thenumber of automobile clubs will havereashed at least twenty-five and thesewill send representatives in the personof their secretaries or president toLexington for the purpose of formingthe State organization.The purpose of the organization willbe to see that roads ar6 kept up, thatthe automobile laws are enforced,that sign posts are posted at roadcrossings, and to look after the general welfare of the automobile people.IImmense Litfe New Wall Paper.Call at my store and pick from thelarge new spring stock of wall paperjust what you need and have it put onnow and avoid the spring rush. Expert decorators ready to do your bidding. J. T. HINTON.For Sale.The Ladies Altar Suc'ety will Rentertain with a social at Elks Hall Wednesday evening, February 14, at eight j trouble in the city February 8'clock. The event promises to be one 1h.ghlv entertaining and to which an invitation is etxended to all to attend, jll.e admission will be 50 cents.For Sale.l'xl2 Axminster Rugs, S1S.75rs3nth only.A. F. WHEELER & CO.Field Seeds.We are headquarters for timothy,cl;ver and alsike seeds. See us beforeLiving. Both phones 14.V U CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.Lots WithdrawnThe real estate firm of Harris. &Speakes offered at public sale Saturday two building lots on Mt. Airyavenue, the property of Mr. GeorgeW. Stuart, but after they were bid to?TJi) and S675 respectively were with-irav.-n.The property adjoining the L.& N., near the freight depot was soldt, .1. 11. Haggard for $1,050.Mattress.. lb. felt matUess, $10.00 now S6month only.A. F. WHEELER & CO.Negro Pistol To ter Arrested.i an Howard, colored,-trday morning by. VeKfiinsv and locked up on a'..ige of carrying cocnealed weapons.I- Aard became engaged in a quarrel-h Arthur Lewis, also colored, andalleged he drew a revolverbe tried before Judge E. B.;v this morning.Saves 0neHali.-ve one half yourire a stand. See-x i - a on sale by Yerkes & Frichardv. il do it.Hon. A. J. Carroll, of Louisvillo,came up Saturday to join Mrs. 'Carrolland his niece, little Miss Sallie Holti Alexander, who have been the guestsof Mrs. James Thompson for a week,j They will return home with Mr. Carthis i roll today.Miss Elizabeth Steel entertainedfor the week-end at the home of heruncle. Mr. Wm. Woodford, on theWinchesterpike, the fallowing party: Mr.and Mrs. White Varden, Miss NancyGritffih and Messrs. Charlton Clay andChas. Fithian.The Marlowe Club entertainedSaturday evening in Lexington withits sixth annual reception. Amongthe guests were the following fromthis city: Thomas Prichard, RobertJones, Harry Brent Fithian, Miller'and Maurice Bernauh. Hiram Rose-1berry and Sidney Ardery, Jr. .Mrs. B. A. Frank gave a box party'Friday evening to see Miss Billie,j Bure in Lexington in honor of Mrs. 1j Carroll, guest of Mrs. James Thomp-.I son. Mr. Frank's guests were Mrs.! Carroll. Mrs. James Thompson, Mrs.Swift Champ, xMr. James Thompson jand Mr. Swift Champ. jDr. -A. H. Keller has returned jfrom a visit to his son', Mr. Alex Keller, in Chicago. The latter will arrivein n foj wpph fnr a visit to his nar-was arrested j ents an( to recuperate his health whichPatrolman G. i1lQO Uoph imnnireri hv his close confinement as receiving clerk at th ralmerHouse in that city, where he is highlyregarded as an efficient clerk.Mr. Henry A. Power entertainedthe fourteen members of his Sundayf the Methodist churchThursday evening at a six o'clock din-ner, at his suburban home on the Lex, ! ington pike. The occasion wasan j thoroughly enjoyed by the followingseed mi5f5 . Messrs. William Cooper, Ed-It ' wnrrl F.iries. Viruil Cooner, Luther.Gents' Chifforobes, $16.75.quarted. Highly polishedmonth only.A. F. WHEELER & CO.Americafor thisLook it Over.We are ready to show you the prettiest lino of wall paper and fancyinterior decoratiuns ever brought tothis city at prices that defy competition. Why not look the line over nowand make your selections. We willput it on at your convenience. Let uswait on you now. '13 2t BORLAND'S."Done in Exclusive Homes"In a decsription ot a dance Geo.Aidementions a few of the up-to-datedances, some of which nave been"done" in this section. They are asfollows :"Then She and her Friends pinnedup their Garments and put Resin ontheir Hands and cut loose They didthe Grizzily Bear and the MountainGoat and the Turkey Trot and theBunny Hug and the Kangaroo Flcpand the Duck Waddle and the GiraffeJump and the Rhinoceros Roll and theWarlus Waggle and the CrocodileSplash and the Apache and theComanche and the Bowery Twist andthe Hula" Hula Glide, etc., etc , etc."Madeline simply retorted that theDances were being done in the mostExclusive Homes.An Exclusive Home is one from whichthe Police are Excluded.Spring Novelties.We have ready for your inspection the followingnovelties in their severcl lines that are moving rapidly, and why not you have some of them?White wash Bedford Cords and Piques.White Cotton Voiles in checks, stripes, etc.White and Colored Embroidered Mulls and Crepes.Tissue Voiles, colors in novelty patterns.Domestic and Foreign Ginghams. -Surah Jacquards. I!Bordered Mulls.Embroidered Laces, White Goods, &c." 1Come let us show you.ALWAYS THE NU.IAgent Butterwkk PatternsiFee's Cashn 4 mspecials,Friday and SaturdayIILarge 26-oz.Picklesjars SweetMixed and Sour25cOld-Fash ionBlackberry Jam, per lb. . . 1 2 1 -2c10 lbs. GranulatedlSugar.$1.008 bars Lenox Soap25c3 boxes Argo Starch 1 OcAdmpre's Mince Meat, per lb 12 1 -2cP Hat WhatBROWN'S MM LITTLE TABLETSCures Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Heartburn'V..50C PACKAGEFEE'SHINTONTHE HOME OUTFITTER.70'Voting on Municipal Ownership.At the Comet Theatre there is beingconducted this week a vote to test thesentiment of Paris people in regard tothe city owning its gas and electricplants. The contest is creating a greatdeal of interest owing to the fact thequestion of municipal ownership ofthe lighting plants is being agitatedhere, and every visitor to the Cometyesterday expressed themselves byballot. The voting will continuethroughout the week.Auction.Attend the auction in the old Baptist Ichurch building Saturday afternoon, 'February 17, 1912, at 2 o'clock. Greatbargains in furniture, gssolnie stoes,washing machines, clothing and manyother things too numerous to mention.HARKIS & SPEAKES.HeJan-Daily Thought.But themind never unbends itselfso agreeably as in the conversation ofa well-chosen friend. Addison.clover seedthe clover9 8tL. & N. Indicted.The Nicholas county grand jury Sati.rtiay returned an indictment againstLouisville and. Nashville railroad,ct Lrtrins thf rnmnanv failed to Drovidesuitable and convenient waiting ,room at its depot in Carlisle. Theirtight and passenger depots were destroyed by fire on May 16, 1911, andice that time the company has pro-Mclntiye, William Mastin, James iGrinnell, Elbridge Snapp.Stoller Best.Sherman Snapp, Ernest Beheler, Roy ,Galloway, Earl Dickerson, Dennis'Snapp and Clyde Calvert.Mrs. J. M. Hall gave a partyluncheon Friday afternon for Mr?. ,James H. Thompson and her veiy ;charming guest, Mrs. A. J. Carroll, ofLouisville.The attractive home on Duncan ave-fragrant with a mass otbeauties,dividing ;FOR SALE.At once 2 wash stands, 2 dressers, 1wardrobe. 2 iron beds, -several yardslinoleum. Apply at News oifice.nue wasv ied wnat has been termed as ; blooming nowers, American" shar.L-c " Tha fnunloMnnc fni thp i nnrnations and narClSSUS'ew buildings have been completed ' honors in the halls.parlors and library,and work en the nassenuer depot was 1 while the amingprogressinterfered.when the cold weatherroom was loveiy invpIIow rosfs and narcissus, wicn canuies7shade in crystalSaves One-Half.Save one half your 'clover seed andinsure a stand. See the clover seeddrill on sale by Yerkes & Prichard. ItHill do it. 9 8tExpert Cutter.Call at our store on February 12 or' and let Mr. Swaffield, cutter for ther:lubH Tailoring Co.. of Cincinnati,cake ymr measure foi that new'spiingsjit. He will have an elenant lineof the same delicatecpndelabra. m jExquisite lace pieces adorned thetable which had for a center decoraticna graceful basket of yeliow roses and!narcissus with a bow of yellow tulletied on the handle. At each plate a 'dainty little basket of the same flower ;furinshed theZdecorations.The place cards were beautiful inthe same sweet flowers. Mrs. Hall'so-uests were Mrs. Carroll, Mrs. Thompson, Mrs. Miller Ward, Mrs. Casius M.Clay, Mrs. .lames Duncan Bell. Mis.of ! Swift Champ. Miss liate itxanaer, ,Miss Bess rioliaasy ana mrs. u. j. jRenick.THEJAIR!On Friday Next12 rolls VToilet Paper, 25c.Pyramid Bread Toasters, toastsfour slices of bread in one minute, 10c.uhair beats, an sizes, oc.Folding Ironing Boards, 79c.Folding Clothes Dryers, 59c, 1' ' ' ' ' v 'tv - , ' . v.ITon OstrL BiiyWHAT BLANKETSI have left at cost, and I have not many. Among theseare some EXTRA GOOD Ali-Wool. I am also offeringCOMFORTS at greatly reduced prices.JillmJLm vHINTONiitI4IIPI:P cce goods to select from.t MITCHELL & BLKEMORE.THE BOURBON. NEWS, ? PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB. 13 1912.St.All Over!"You are welcome' says Mrs. Nora Guffey, of BrokenArrow, Okla., "to use my letter in any way you want to,if it will induce some suffering woman to try Cardui. I hadpains all over, and suffered with an abscess. Three physicians failed to relieve me. Since taking Cardui, I am inbetter health than ever before, and that means much to me,because I suffered many years with womanly troubles, ofdifferent kinds. What other treatments I tried, helped mefor a few days only."ylTAKETheWoman'sTonicDon't wait, until you' are taken down sick, before taking care of yourself. The small aches and pains, and othersymptoms of womanly weakness and disease, always meanWorse to follow, unless given quick treatment.You would always keep Cardui handy, if you knewwhat quick and permanent relief it gives, where weaknessand disease of the womanly system makes life seem hardto bear. Cardui has helped over a million women. Try it.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept. Chattanooga, Medicine Co., Chattanooga, Tenn.,for Special Instructions, and 64-page book, "Home Treatment for Women," sent free, J 51L(w Round TripINCRATES.Homeseekers, FaresTo points'" in 'Arizona, Arkansas,Louisana, Missouri, New Mexico,Oklahoma, Texas, Kansas, Nebraska,Montana, Michigan, Wisconsin, Alafeama, Florida and Mississippi. Tickets on sale first and third Tuesdays ofeach month with final return limit 25days from date of sale except to destinations in Florida, final limit will be12 days from date of sale. Liberalstopovers allowed in homeseeker territory. We also have on sale daily untilApril 30, 1912, with final return limitsMay 31, 1912 Winter Tourist tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida. Georgia, JLouisana, New Meixco and Texas, 'with liberal stopovers allowed.For further information, call on orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A."We tell voii now. and navbest mnrtfprices. We are dealers; establishedm 1G; and can do BETTER for youthan agents or commission merchants. References any bank in Louisville. Write for weekly price list.M. SABEL & SONS221-29-31 &33 E. Market Sf LOUISVILLE, KY.Dealers ir. FURS, HIDES, WOOL.FOR SALE PRIVATELY.Eight room frame residence and lotfronting seventy feet and ten incheson Higgins avenue, and two hundredand eight feet deep; bath room, newroof, gas leading to house; large garden and good cistern.WM. A. GRIMES,&j I E. T. phone 45 or 364.23 tf Paris, Ky.hhhbi tfTWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentWe Arc Showing for Fall and Winter StrictlyAll-Wool Worsted, Hand-TailoredSuits at $1 0.00Handsome new Brown and Grey Worsteds and Oassimeresin the newest models, hand-tailored Suits, worth easily $20,our Special $15.Overcoats in evey new cnt and weave, prices range from7.50, $10, $12.50, 15, $18 and 20.We have taken the sale agency for the celebrated EmersonShoe, Brockton, Mass. This is the classiest $1 and $5 men'sShoe made.Also the French Shrine hand-made Shoes at 4.The reliable Douglas Shoes $2.50, $3, $3.50.Those rough, fuzzy hairy Hats, 2, 2.oU,$3.Full line of Hawes Van Gal 3 Shoes.Monarch and Lair best $1 Shirts made.Chutt's 1.50 and $2 Shirts, new patterns.Lion Brand slip-easy Collars, 2 for 25c.Full line of Trunks, Suit Cases and Hand-bags.LWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.Mixed.The Caller (who has been lookingover her hostess' books) Do yorf enjoy 'Marcus Aurelius?' The Hostess(delayed by her toilet and a littleflustrated) Oh, yes; where is he now?, The last time I saw him he was in; 'The Sign of the Cross.' Such a manJ ly figure, wasn't he? Cleveland PlainDealer.The Trials of a Traveler."I am a traveling salesman, "writesE.E. Youngs, E.Berkshire, Vt., "andwas often troubled with constipationand indigestion till I began to use Lr.King's New Life Pills, which I havefound an excellent remedy. " For allstomach, liver or kidney troubles theyare unequaled. Only 25 cents atOberdorfer's.Love Souls.Deep hearts, sage minds, take lifeas God has made it; it is a long trial,an incomprehensible preparation foran unknown destiny. This destiny,the true one, begins for man with thefirst step inside the tomb. In themeanwhile, love and suffer, hope andcontemplate. Woe, alas! to him whoshall have loved only bodies, form,appearances! Death will deprive himof all. Try to love souls; you willfind them again. Victor Hugo.Special Clubbing Rate for 60Days.By special arrangement the News isenanled to furnish the most attractiveclubbing rate ever put before the publie. For the next 60 days we will offerthe Daily Chicago Exaimner, recognized as one of the foremost journals ofthe United States in connection withthe Bourbon News, for one year for$3.75. This is a great opportunity tosecure both papers at a great reduction. All subscriptions should be sentto the News. tfMusic of the Hawk.There is not much to be said forhawk music, yet the voice of the forest would lose the cnarm of its wildest note were this great bird extinct,and it lis because it is wild and different from sounds of every day thatwe love it. Then, as a picture seenfrom afar, the forest would never becomplete without these birds of tireless wing hanging over it, and reigning upon their thrones of air.Flying Men Fallvictims to stomach, liver and kidneytroubles just like other people withlike results in loss of appetite, backache, nervousness, headache nd tired,listless, rundown feeling.. But there'sno need to feel like that as T. D.Peebles, Henry, Tenn., proved. "Six"bottles of Electric Bitters, "he writes"did more to trive me new strengthand good appetite than all other remedies I used." So they heln otherpeople. Its folly to suffer when thisgreat remedv will help you from thefirst dose. Try it. Only 50 cents atOberdorfer's.Musician and Wit.M. Camille Saint-Saens, the greatmusician, and the life-long friend ofanimals, took into his home a littledog. The enraged concierge waitedhis chance and notified the owner ofthe house. Soon a letter arrived forthe musician which said, "Monsieur,my house is not a zoological garden!"Saint-Saens sent back .the answer,"Monsieur, if you wish your house tobe a zoological garden you have-onlyto live in it."Are Ever at War.There are two things everlastinglyat war, joy and piles But Bucklen'sArnica Salve will banish piles in anyform. It soon subdues the itching,irritation, inflammation or swelling.It gives comfort, invites joy. Greatest healer of burns, boils, ulcers, cuts,bruises, eczema, scalds, pimples, skineruptions. Only 25c at Oberdorfei's.Work of Real Forester.The modern forester undertakes tomake orchards profitable. There areorchardists, to be sure, who know verywell how to care for their trees andwho do care for them; but there arealso orchards that are neglected orhandled unskillfully. The foresterwill take a run-down orchard and byintelligent, scientific treatment of thetrees, with systematic care, make itproduce big and handsome apples inabundance.uniy a u ay ana isigiii to mew urieansLOUISVILLE AND NASHVILLE RAILROADWhat it Will Cost You to SeemIMondayFebruary 19Arrival ofREX2:00 p. in., andProteus Paradeat night.MardiGrasThe Two Big Days, February 19-20,New Orleans Mobile$19.80$17.90Pensacola$20.60ROUND TRIP FROM PARISTuesdayFebruary 20Parade ofREX'10:00 a in." andComus Paradeat niyrht.Tickets on Sale Daily February 13 to 19, inclusive.Sleeping Car Fare $4.00 to $4.50 Each Way.Liberal Stop-Overs-Limit On Tickets March 1 8.TO APPROXIMATE TOTAL COST for the round-trip, estimate for five days board andlodging at $1 per day in best private homes or $2 per day at first-class hotels to whichadd the above railroad and Pullman fares. For "sleeping car reservation applyto any ticket agent Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company.See. Descriptive Booklet.iBovrbon Garage & Supply Co.FARMING IMPLEMENTSOF ALL KINDSAUTOMOBILESBourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor, 4th and High Sreets,Paris, KentuckyDR. DOLLE'SSANITARIUM ""SSSf"MfeN CURED AT SMALL COSTDifficult Surgical Operations Performed WithSkill and Success, When Surgery is Necessary LALL DISEASES OF MENttK;PILES PE&MA.NNT cure!Ifcili-O Positively GuaranteedV A R I C 0 C E L E Te n D a y sC UFr!edBookRUPTURE Stricture, Etc.nUr I Urtd Cured by Improved Methodsand RESTORATIVE Treatment in Loss of Vital PowerMYnRfinCI E CURED in a Few Days. Hn I UnUUELC Special Treatment. Free Information.Don't gi re up hope until you have eeen old Dr.Dolle! He will give you FREE a thorough examination, and will tell you the Truth.Consultation Free and confidential at office orby letter. Twenty Years' experience. Trainedattendants. Best of care. G2 p. Book on Men'sDiseases Free, upon receipt of 4 cts. for postage,giving much valuable information. Call at downtown office or write tonb h I nni I C 625 walnut street,URe Ufi Li UULLE CINCINNATI, O.mmmmmmSome Fence.A New York banker who feels thatthe privacy of his town residence hasbeen invaded by the construction ofapartment houses on adjacent property has filed plans with the building department of that city for a fence 150feet high. A nine-story apartmentbuilding is to be built on the lot westof the home of this banker, who is J.M. Francolini, and he figures that afence 150 feet high will be required tokeep its' future occupants from lookingdown upon" him. Popular Mechanics.STILL AT IT!January Clearance SaleIn Dry Goods, Cloaks, Suits,Furs and MillineryNow Going On.Come In-Wonderful BargainsIn All DepartmentsTWIN BROS.Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyIndian Killed on Track.Near Rochelle, 111., an Indian wentto sleeD on a railroad track and waskilled by the fast express. He paidfor Ins carelessness witn nis lite, urten its that way when people neglect coughs and colds.' Dr King'sNew Discovery will ci re them andso prevent a dangerous throat orlung trouble. "It completely curedme in a short time of a terriblecounh that followed a severe attackof gi'if)," writes J. R. Watts, Floydada, Tex., "and I regained 15 poundsin weight that I had lost." Quick,safe reliable and guaranteed. 50cand SI. Trial bottle free at Oberdorfer's.inarguien s.Her Natural Occupation.Now and then the childish comment goes right to the heart of adifficult problem or situation. A littleboy who longed to stand on the seatof a car and look out of the windowwas sternly reproved by his mother."What a 'f raid-cat mamma!" exclaimed another youngster, seated near."Yes, I suppose she is nervous," wasthe adult reply, "but then, you see,she has to take care of her little boyand it. keeps her busy." "Well, isn'tthat what she's for?" was the innocent, pertinent question.The Best ofHome-KilledMeats,Bacon, Lard, Ham,HBeef, Pork, Etc.Courier JournalFor 1912$100 Reward $100.The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stages; andthat is Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Cureis the only pos tive cure now knownto the medical fraternity. Catarrhbeing a constitutional . is ase requiresa constitutional treatment. Hall'sCatarrh Cnre is taken internaLy, acting directly upon ' he blood and mucous surfaces of the system, therebydestroying the foundation of the disease, and giving the patient, strengthby building up the constitution andassisting nature in doing its work.The proprietors have so much faithin its curative powers that they offerOne Hundred Dollars for any casethat it fails to cure. . Send for list oftestimonials, r . ,Address P. J.- CHENEY & CO., ;J K, Toledo, O.Sold by all druggists, :.7c:;'Take Hall's ' Family Pills JFori. constipation. 'Margolen,L Paris, Ky. IYou can not keep posted on current political events unless youread theCourier-Journal,(Louisville, Ky. Henry Watterson, Editor)This Presidential Year.The Tariff will be the issue andthe battle will be a hard foughtone. You can getDaily ConrierJournal(Excepting Sunday Issue) andThe Bourben NewsBoth One Year for $5.00.This offer only holds ,good untilFebruary 29:To get advantage of this cut rateorders must be sent us, not theCourier-Journal.NEW ORLEANSm MOBILEARDIGRASSPECIAL REDUCED FARESTickets on salt February 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18 and 19God ftttoralng matil Marc 2, 19127 with fslniltge of Istin-tioxSTOP OVERS AT ALL PRINCIPAL POINTSFOB FULL PARTICULARS, CALL ON AHY TICKET ACENT, OS WRITEH. C KING, w. A. BECKLER,Passenger and Ticket Agent, General Passenger Ageat,Phone 49. 101 E. Main Street, Lexington, Ky. Ingafls BuSdiflg. Cincinnati, OTHE BOtIRBON NEWS, PARIS, KENtUCK&JE& 13, 1S12.iThe Poolof FlameiByLOUIS JOSEPH VANCEHastratloss fcy Ellsworth YotraCopyright 1909, by Louis Joseph VanceSYNOPSIS.CHAPTER I. The storv nnoat"Monte Carlo with Col. Terence O'Rourkein, ais noiei. u tourKe, a military freeiance and something of a gambler, isressing for appearance in the restaurantbelow when the sound of a girlish voiceringing attracts his attention. Leaningout on the balcony he sees a beautifulSirl who suddenly disappears. He rusheso the corridor to see a neatly gownedform enter the elevator and pass froms:ght.CHAPTER II. O'Rourke's mind isf lied with thoughts of the girl, and whenho goes to the gaming table he allows hisremarkable winnings to accumulate indifferently. He notices two men watching him. One is the Hon. Bertie Glynn,while his companion is Viscount DesTrebes, a noted duelist. When O'Rourkeleaves the table the viscount tells him herepresents the French government andthat he has been directed to O'Rourke asa man who would undertake a secretmission.CHAPTER Iir. At his room O'Rourke.who had agreed to undertake the mission,awaits the viscount. O'Rourke finds amysterious letter in his apartment. Theviscount arrives, hands a sealed packageto O'Rourke, who is not to open it untilon the ocean. He says the French government will pay O'Rourke 25,000 francsfor his services. A pair of dainty slippers are seen protruding from under adoorway curtain and the viscount chargesO'Rourke with having a spy secretedthere.CHAPTER TV. "When the Irishmangoes to his room he finds there the owner of the mysterious feet. It is his wife,Beatrix, from whom he had run away ayear previous. They are reconciled, andopening the letter he had received, hefinds that a law firm in Rangoon. India,offers him 100,000 pounds for an Indianjewel known as the Pool of Flame andleft to him by a dying friend. O'Rourketells his wife that it is in the keepingof a friend named Chambret in Algeria.CHAPTER V. O'Rourke is forced tofight a duel with the viscount. The braggart nobleman is worsted in the combatand acts the poltroon.CHAPTER VL The loyal wife bidsO'Rourke farewell and he promises tosoon return with the reward offered forthe Pool of Flame. He discovers bothGlynn and the viscount on board theship which takes him to Algeria.CHAPTER VTT. Chambret has left Algeria and O'Rourke has to gain a military detachment going across the desertto reach his friend. As he finds the latterthere Is an attack by bandits andChambret is shot.CHAPTER VIII. Chambret dies tellinrO'Rourke that he has left the Pool ofFlame with the governor general of Algeria. He gives the colonel a signet ringat the sight of which he says the officialwill deliver over the Jewel.CHAPTER IX. O'Rourke. Is attackedby Glynn and the viscount who ransackhis luggage, but he worsts them in theconflict.CHAPTER X. When he arrives at Algeria the Irishman finds the governorssreneral away. He receives a note fromDes Trebes making a mysterious appointment. CHAPTER XI. The viscount tellsO'Rourke that he has gained possessionof the jewel by stealing it from the safeof the governor general. He does not,however, know who has offered the reward for it. He suggests a duel withrapiers, the victor to get that informationand the jewel.CHAPTER XIII. The efforts ofO'Rourke are now directed toward speedily getting to Rangoon with the jeweland he starts by ship.CHAPTER XIV. He finds the captainof the vessel to be a smuggler Who tries.to steal the jewel from him.CHAPTER XV. The jewel is finally secured by the ship's captain and O'Rourkeescapes to land.CHAPTER XVI. With the aid of oneDanny and his sweetheart, O'Rourke recovers the Pool of Flame.CHAPTER XVII. O'Rourke againforms his plans to pursue his journey toRangoon.CHAPTER XVIII. On board ship oncemore a mysterious lady appears who puzzles and interests the Irishman.CHAPTER XIX. O'Rourke comes up- jon a lascar about to attack the lady, jwho is a Mrs. Prynne. He kicks theman into the hold.CHAPTER XX. Mrs. Prynne claimsshe is en route for India on a missionfor the king.CHAPTER XXL The ship captain Isoffered money to increase the speed of-he vessel toward its destination.CHAPTER XXIL There are suspiciouseTurrences on board, and a lascar seems! be watching O'Rourke and Mrs.Prynne.CHAPTER XXIIL The woman tells ofs-jine one prowling about the cabin andtrying the dsc f her stateroom.O'Rourke divined she had somethingon her mind which she hesitated tovoice, though they were practicallyalone; the man at the wheel was anonentity hronze statue in a 'fadedshirt, ragged turhan and soiled cummerbund. V"Then 'tis yourself will be glad, Igather, to be rid ol us, madam?"She smiled, deprecatory. "Whatwould you?" she asked in French,"w-ith a significant glance up intoO'Rourke's eyes."It's not precisely pleasant to beconstantly apprehensive," the womancontinued in the same tongue, "evenhen one has a Colonel O'Rourke toiook to for protection.""Ah, madame!" expostulated thewanderer. "But what makes ye soPositive I'd not turn tail and run awayfrom any real danger?"She gave him a look that brimmedwith mirth. "A man who is a coward," she said slowly, "doesn't standStill and Hrnxsr n rpvnlvcr when aheavy knife is thrown at his head.'"Quick told ye, madam?""No, I saw heard the quarrellingon the forward deck and got to thecompanionway in time to see whathappened. Had you not been so in-ytent on your search for the knife, youwould have seen me. As' it. wm.slipped below again without attractingattention.""But why?""To get my revolver, monsieur lecolonel."" 'Twas- naught but an accident""You do not believe that yourself,colonel dear; for my part, I ""Well?""Someone tried my door last night,after you'd retired.""Ye are sure?" doubted O'Rourke,disturbed."Quite. I was awake thinking; Iheard you come below and elose yourdoor at eight bells; long after therewere footsteps someone walking inhis hare feet in the saloon. Thenthe knob was frurned, very gently.Fortunately, the door was bolted;someone put a shoulder to it, but itheld fast I caught up my revolverindeed and I am very reckless with it,sir! and opened the door myself. Thesaloon was quite empty.""Ye shouldn't have risked that""I had to know, with so much atstake," she said simply.O'Rourke endeavored to manufacture a plausible and reassuring explanation to the fact. "Quick, Danny, orDravos, mistaking their rooms ""It was none of them. CaptainQuick was on deck; I heard his voicealmost simultaneously. surely Icouldn't mistake that." She laughed."Nor would your man or Mr. Dravoshave been so stealthy, so instant toescape.""But but ""My theory, if you will have it, isthat mine enemy of the Panjnab isone of the crew of the Ranee, monsieur.Mrs. Prynne made this statement asquietly as though she were commenting on the weather. But her beliefchimed so exactly with his own thatO'Rourke was stricken witless and ata loss to frame a satisfactory refutation. He was silent for some moments, his lips a thin hard line, acrinkle of anxiety between his brows."If ye'd. only permitted me to attendto him " he growled at length."You are right," she admitted, "butI am desolated the mischiefsdone.""Faith, yes!" he sighed dejectedly.His gaze roved the deck and fastenedupon the serang. "It might be anyone of them," he considered aloud."Any one. For instance, thoughthe serang?""Why d'ye suspect him more thananother?" he demanded, startled."Call it feminine intuition, if youlike. The man looks capable of anything." "Yes.. But sure, there's no tellingat all.""No telling," she concurred quietly."We can but wait, watch, hope that Iimagined the hand at my door.""There might be something inthat.""I am neither nervous nor an imaginative woman.""At all events, I'll go bail 'twill nothappen a second time.""How do you propose to preventit?""Sure, the simplest way in theworld. I myself will stand guard inthe saloon, madam.""But no, monsieur; I can better afford to lose a little sleep than havejou ioneiL your rest. .Besides, i naveCecileThere ensued an argument withouttermination; he remained obdurate,she insistent. Only the appearance ofQuick on the stroke of four bellsforced them to shelve the subject.It was resumed at the dinner tableand carried out in a light manner ofbanter for a time, dropped and forgotten, apparently by all but O'Rourke.CHAPTER XXIV.The night fell clear as crystal andwonderfully bright with stars; thewind went down with the sun, thenrose again refreshed and waxed tohalf a gale. At midnight O'Rourke,leaving the bridge, left the Ranee driving steadily through a racing sea,through a world noisy with the crisprattle and crash of breaking crests.Fortifying himself with strong coffee, the adventurer settled himself ina chair by the foot of the companion- jway steps leading up from the tinysaloon that served as dining-room forall but the crew of the tramp. Fromthis position he commanded both entrances, port and starboard, from theupper deck, as well as the doors thatflanked them on either hand, to thequarters occupied by Mrs. Prynne andto Dravos' stateroom, which was empty and would be' so until the nextchange of watch.The succeeding hours dragged interminably, quiet and uneventful About six bells the moon got up,and its rays, filtering through theheavy-ribbed glass of the skylight,filled the saloon with an opalescentshimmer that assorted incongruouslywith the dull glow of the electricbulbs dull, because there was something wrong with the dynamo, according to Dravos.O'Rourke, weary and yawning, watched the milky rainbow dance upon thehalf-opaque glass overhead for severalmoments before it conveyed to him awarning. Then immediately he abandoned his seat and stretched himselfout upon a transom agains. the afterbulkhead, whence he could see something less of the upper gangway, butsufficient for his purposes. For hischair had been beneath the skylight,and the wings of that were open forventilation."'Tis safer here," he considered"There'll be 110 dropping one of. those,long knives on me now, be premeditated inadvertence, Tm thinking."He gaped tremendously. The peaceoi xne mgnt, the singing- oij,the wavesagainst the Ranee's sides, the deepthrob and unbroken surge of her engines, and the sustained, clear noteof the monsoon in her wire riggingthese combined with physical fatigueto soothe the man, to lull him intoA Cry of Horror, Despair and RageStuck in the Wanderer's Tnroat.fantastic borderland of dreams. Yetsuch was his command of self that hewould not yield to the caressing touchof drowsiness, but merely lay motionless and at rest, communing with hisfancy. And that led him out of thesordid saloon of the Ranee across theseas that lay ahead of that ship'sprow, to the fair land whither he wasto convey the Pool of Flame. . . .Abruptly he leapt to his feet, wideawake and raging.. A blow was still sounding throughthe saloon a dull crash. Buried halfway to the hilt in the bulkhead backof the transom a knife quivered. Instinctively the wanderer's fingers hadclosed upon the grip, of his revolver.He pulled the trigger almost beforehe realized what had happened andsent a bullet winging toward a spoton the gangway above where a pairof long brown legs had been but nowwere not. On the heels of that fruitless shot he sent another, this timewith no murderous intent, but towarn the captain on the bridge. Hereat last was an issue forced, animusproven, assassination indisputably attempted. He sprang for the companionway,was half way up it in a thought, hisheart hot within him, mouth dry withthirst for that lascar's blood. Not athird time should the man escape hisjudgment at the hands of O'Rourke,he swore.A stentorian roar saluted him as hegained the deck a bellow choked andending in a sickening gurgle.O'Rourke in a flash swung on hisheel. Simultaneously he came face toface with Quick. He could have criedaloud in pity.The captain swayed before him, amassively built figure clothed all inwhite, huge arms trembling towardshis head, revolver dropping from anerveless hand, his chin fallen for-I ward on his chest, a stupid, wearysmile on nis face, and a dark and hideous smear spreading swiftly over thebosom of his shirt.A cry of horror, despair and ragestuck in the wanderer's throat. Quick,who had hailed his appearance on theRanee at Aden as a harbinger of goodluck, had been foully murdered. Hisdominant emotion of the moment, anintense and pitiful solicitude for thedying man, threw him off his guard.Under its influence he forgot the desperate case of which this tragedybrought all aboard the Ranee, put outhis arms, received the falling body,and let it gently to the deck.But in a trice he was alive again tohis own peril. In the twinkling of aneye he saw a flash of light gliding towards him with resistless impetus.Intuitively he swung to one side, tothe right, and leapt to his feet. Atthat the knife, a kris sinuous andkeen, ran cold upon the flesh of hischest, slit through his shirt, caughtin the thong that held the Pool ofFlame, and tore out, leaving a flappinghole and scraping a hand's breadthof skin from -his forearm. Heedlessof this, only in fact subconsciouslyaware that the chamois bag had fallento the deck, he caught at the handthat had wielded the kris; his fingersclosed about the wrist, and, bracinghimself, he swung the assassin off hisfeet. So doing, his fingers slipped onthe man's greasy skin and he stumbled off his balance.His object, however, had been 'accomplished. The murderer, hurled ayard or more through the air, fell andsiid along the deck into a group oflascars, one of whom, like a nine-pin,.was knocked over and fell atop oihim.O'Rourke recovered and stepped forward, revolver poised to administerthe quietus to the murderer an amiable intention which was, however,doomed to frustration. With almostinconceivable swiftness the group oflascars had become a mere tangle ofarms and legs, a melange of struggling limbs and bodies. Where hehad thought to find a single prostrateform, there were six struggling in confusion on the deck.For a thought he stayed his fingeron the trigger, waiting to pick out theUndermost and slay him first of all,unwilling, furthermore, to waste oneof the four invaluable cartridges revmaining in his revolver. And' thenunexpectedly the tragedy seemed overand done with altogether.From the bottom of the heap of bod-shrilled loud; and almost at once thejtmob seemed to resolve into its original elements. Five lascars crawled,arose, or flung themselves away fromthe sixth, who lay inert, prone, limbsstill twitching, a knife buried in hisback.For a thought the tableau held,there in the pure brilliance of themoonlight; the half a dozen standingfigures, O'Rourke a space apart fromthe rest, and two bodies, the one facedown, Quick with a face to the stars,each with its dread background; ablack stain that grew and spread slowly upon the white, dazzlingplanks. . . .Quietly the tallest of the lascarsmoved forward, knelt and drew theknife from the back of his dead fellow. He straightened up, facingO'Rourke without a tremor, his eyesafire, and wiped the blade of the krison his cummerbund."Do not shoot, sahib," he saidsmoothly in excellent English. "Donot shoot, sahib, for it is I who haveavenged. This dog," and with his toehe stirred the thing at his feet, "ranamok. Now he is dead."This was the serang who spoke.O'Rourke eyed him coldly through aprolonged silence. At length, "Thatseems quite evident," he admittedcoolly. "Pick up that body and throwit overboard!" he commanded sharply.In obedence to a sign from the serang, two of the lascars seized thebody. A subsequent splash oversidetold the Irishman that his order hadbeen carried out. But he heard itabstractedly, confronted as he waswith a problem whose difficulty wasnot to be underestimated, the problemembodied in the statuesque, imperturbable serang.It was hard to know what to do,what to believe, what action to take.If he were right in his surmise, the serang should rightly be shot down instantly, without an instant's respite.Yet the heartless brutality upon whichhis theory was based made him hesitate. It was difficult to believe thatthe serang had been able to accomplish what O'Rourke was inclined tocredit him with; that he, the wielderof the kris, the murderer of Quick,thrown off his feet by the Irishman'sattack, had deliberately involved hisfellows with him in his fall and profited by the confusion to slay one uponwhom he could throw the blame forall that had happened.The weapon quivered in O'Rourke'sgrasp. More than once in that briefdebate he was tempted to shoot thefellow on suspicion. Yet he held hishand; he could not be positive. Withevery circumstance against him, hemight still be telling the truth. Thewhole horrible affair might boil downto nothing more than an insane crimeof a crazy Malay, one who, as the serang claimed, had "run amok."f Continued in our NextKENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."Hourly High Speed ThroughService.ParisLexington FrankfortDivision.Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort every hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m.,and at 10 p. m., the last car goingonly as far as Versailles.Cars leave Lexington for Versaillesand Frankfort, and for Paris everyhour on the hour from 0 a. m. until7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p. m., thelast car going only as far as Versailles. Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington and Paris every thirtyminutes after the hour from 6:30 a.m. until 7:30 p. m., and at 10:30 p.m., the last car going only as izvas Lexington.GEORGETOWN LEXINGTON-NICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexingtonand Nicholasville every forty-fiveminutes after the hour from 5:45 a.m. until (5:45 p. m., and 8:05 and10:05 p.m.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetownevery hour on the hour from 6 a. muntil 7 p. m. and at 9 and lx p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville every thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 p.m. and at 9:30 p. m. and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville for Lexington and Georgetown every fifteenminutes after the hour from 6:1s a.m. until 2:15 p. m. and 10:15 p. m.Daily Fast Freight Service BetweenParis, Lexington, Versailles, Frankfort, Georgetown and all Intermediate Points. Freight Agent's Telphones: 0d Phone 309, NewPhone, 309.Parson's Poem a Gem.From Rev. H. St'abenvoll, Allison.Ia., in praise of Dr. King's New LifePills r"They're such a health necessity.In every home these pills should be.If other kinds you've, tried in vain,USE DR. KING'S v .And Ve well again, 'Only 25c at Oberdorfer's., AvfOXEMANSSHOE0lit vflHfc BrOur new Fall line in all leathersPatent Colt, Russia Calf and GunMetal, now ready for inspection.Geo. IVPWIIams,JOIN THE JUNIOR ORDERUnited AmericaniManicst i mi i mi -HmuNKan cThe Only Strictly American Organization Known toHistory. None But American Born Admitted.initiation Pee For the NextpO Days $3.25Each member carries $250 insurance with his membership; $3 per week sick benefits.Dues 10c per week.In addition to this, member can carry from $500. to .$3,000, graded, according to age at entrance. A man at;30 years of age can carry $3,000 for $2.25 per -month or '$27 per year. Policy in force immediately after approved. .Should member die next day full face of policy is paid.The organization has paid $5,217,871.62 in the pasteleven years in sick and death benefits. Has a surplus of ?$284,174.01. For further information call on or address, ;J. HUNTER,107 East Tenth Street, Paris, Ky.L. 6c N. TIMB-TAEBL,IN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M. ,Trainstfo.FROM34 Atlanta, Ga.. Daily '. 5.211134 Lexington. Ky., Daily.... 4.34am"29 ' Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday... 'i 7. 35 am7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '. 7.38 aia10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ; 7.5o am.40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 am37 Cincinnati, O., DBily 9.50 am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 am12 Lexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 am26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 am25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pm135 Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pm38 Knoxville, Tenn. . Daily 3.25 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5.25 pm39 Cincinnati, O.. Daily Except Sunday ' 5.40 pm30 Lexington, Ky., Daily J ....6,03 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except ' Sunday. , . . .6.03 am32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6 05. pm14 Lexington, Ky., Daily .....10.45 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Dailv 10:50pm;Trains DepartNo.84429401013737331336'. 26?25TO ,Cincinnati. O., Daily 5.28-iamMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday : 5.35? amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. . :7.47 amCincinnati, O., Daily'Except Sunday . ... 8.20 amMaysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday. . 1.8.20 amLexington, Ky., Daily 9.57j amKnoxville, Tenn., Daily t 9.55; am.Jacksonville, Fla:, Daily '. 10.24! amLexington, Ky., Daily . 10.27; amMaysville, K., Daily 12.05' pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday : 12.04; amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. .....,..... :. 3.34 pm.v38 Cincinnati, O., Daily.' 9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. ; r . .5.52 pml 39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday : 5.57 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.10pm' 8 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday ' ..... I : R.lSpm 'j 13 Lexington, Ky., Daily 4. 6.15; Dm130 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday .... : . . .-. 6.25-pm1 31 Lexington, K., Daily I0.5opmIl3 Atlanta, Ga., Daily ' 10.57fpmcfe TIME-TABIjEIIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trairis ArriveNo. ' FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda .8.13 am4' Frankfort, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday : .3.40 pm .8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday. : . T. .6.50pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only -...:10.WpBiTrains IDe;ptirt :No. . TO - . . . .161 Frankfort &, Louisville v Sunday Only ...... ...v...71i0.,am, 7 Frankfort & Louisville,. Daily' Except Sunday .7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky . , Daily Except Sund ay. 9.Wmcl3 Frankfort, -Ky Daily Except Sunday. ;..'...... .$2jiwL.r or jo years7Nettleton Shoeshave stood for trueeconomy to the man.r ior moderate means;"and to the man of ;wealth, the best thatmoney could buy. Weare sole agents forParis.A -i:xiArrivet .3.40 pmTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB. 13,1912jSALEiThe Manufacturers Who Consigned Ds TheirOverproduction of this Season's FootwearDemand Prompt flGtionWe have, therefore, re-marked these goods af pricesthat must hasten their removal. You who haveattended the greatwere delightedat the extraordinary values, but youwho will take advantage of this great value givingevent" to-morrow wiil be astonished and amazed atsuch great price concessions. Now is the time tolay in a supply of footwear for future as well aspresent needs.One Lot Ladies' $1 .75 and $2 values in Patent Colt,Gun Metal and Kid, button and lace,Sale Price - TVLadies' $1 .25 Congress Slippers, made tCof soft Kid, tip or plain toe, Sale Price Wr WLadies' 60c Storm RubbersSale Price. WWWOne Lot of Ladies' $2.50 and $2.75 values includessome of the latest style 16-ButtonBoots, in Gun Metal and Patent, fl4 AQReduced to - '-W I wOne Lot Ladies' new style 16-Button Boots, madein Tan, Gun Metal, Patent Colt and flO kOkVelvet, $3.50 value, Reduced to 9mh "TWMisses' $2 and $2.25 values in Patent Colt, GunMetal, aud Kid, button and lace, fll J OkReduced to W I iHpw150 pairs Misses' $1.25 tovalues, atGrown Girls' high 1 6 -ButtonMetal, school heels, $2.50Reduced toBoys' and Youths' Box Calf Shoes, allsizes; 1 1-2 to 5 1-2, Sale PriceOne Lot Boys' $2.00 Boxsizes, high cuts included,Sale PriceOne Lot Infant's Soft Soles, 25c value, at BeMisses' Storm Rubbers, at ' 39cOne Lot Men's Fan and Black, heavy fl-fl CI CIHigh Cuts, $3 value, Reduced to 3 I W WOne Lot Men's $2 and $2.50 Shoes, A CIbroken sizes, Reduced to 9 I iIwOne Lot Men's Patent and Gun Metal Shoes,$4.00 values, O QQReduced toOne Lot Men's 3-Buckle AllArctics, $3.50 value, atOnk Lot Men's Cloth BuckleArctics, atOne Lot Men's Patent $4 WalkOver Shoes, Reduced toOne Lot Men's Patent Shoes, broken sizes, Q QC$2.00 to $3.00 values, at 3 3DA IN COHEN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky.Then She Pondered."If you were fair," his wife said,"you would acknowledge that I havedone much to make you what youare." "Oh, I acknowledge," he replied,"that you deserve nearly all the creditfor making me ivhat I am. By theiray, do you happen to .realize that."what I am" is head over heels in debt?"-rJudkV.n$1.75,.Boots Patent and Gunvalues,sCalf Shoes, some odd151.43- Rubber rfr QQ$3.19Girls of Other Days.When mother was young and girliesfelt sad, for solace to verse theywould turn; one beautiful fountain ofcomfort they had, which soothed themost turbulent yearn. When motherfelt morbid and downcast and punk,away to the garret she'd steal, andsnuggle down close-by an old leathertrunk and read a "few yards of "Lucile." Success. .99c99MAKES BIBLE HE CAN READSightless Missouri Preacher, FromDictation, Copies Entire Workin Braille Letters.Geutry, Mo. Rev. D. M. Spencer,who lives on a farm near here, has aBible that he made himself, the remarkable part of this achievement being that he has been blind since howas two years old. The homemadeBible is the result of seven winters'work and is written in the Brailletype used by the blind.He employed a young woman toread for him and transcribed thewords into- type that he could readancl by this tedious process made him-Rev. D. M. Spencer.self a complete Bible from Genesisto Revelation.Caipenter work is among the manythings he has done to earn a livingand a few years ago he built a threeroom cottage for his family, doingall the labor without assistance. Hewas born in Princeton, Mo., in 1S55,and educated in the St. Louis Schoolfor the Blind. He is an interestingspeaker and preaches with a thorough understanding of the holy word,gained from his home-made Bible.ROBBED OF $75 FOR "JOKE"Although Money Is Returned to HimMan Threatens to MakeTrouble.New York. A holdup and robbery,planned and carried out as a "joke,"nearly caused some serious troublefor a certain young man of Bayshore,L. I.Edvard L. Valentine,, a merchant,closed his store shortly' after midnightand started to walk home, in a darksection of Smith street he was suddenly confronted by a man with ahandkerchief over the lower part ofhis face. The man held a pistol toValentine's head and demanded hismoney. Valentine gave up ?75 incash and the man vanished.v Valentine felt sure he recognizedthe voice of the man, however, andin the morning he told his suspicionsto his friends. They were contem-, plating police action when in the evening several young men called Valentine out of his store and engaged himin conversation. When he returned tothe store he found his $75 lying onthe counter.He hasn't yet seen the point of the"joke"' though, and threatens troublefor those with the overgrown- senseof humor.MAD BULL HAD HIS REVENGEBovine Viciously Attacks Auto andPuts the Machinery Out ofBusiness.Des Moines, la. The sheriff of acounty in Iowa was driving his automobile, containing, his family, alonga country road, when he encountereda vicious bull which had escaped fromits inclosure. The bull at once gavebattle to the auto, and. although thesheriff put on all power and . tried toBull Attacks Auto. .;run the bull down, the animal met itvaliantly, and so vigorous was his attack with his horns that they,not onlyput the machfnery out of business butupset the car.All the occupants were thVown outand some were badly injured. Satisfied with wrecking the machine, thebull went his way Avith dignify and didnot deign to attack any of the members of the sheriff's family.BEAR TRAP NABS TIMBER MANTwo Hours Elapse Before Bolts AreCut and the Prisoner SetFree.Vancouver, B. C. H. W. McGregor,a Vancouver timber cruiser, and SteveMcAllister, while cruising timber inthe Queen Charlotte Islands for aVancouver firm, were returning tocamp when McGregor stepped into abear trap.Like a flash the steel teeth closedon his foot, crushing through the topof a heavy shoe, two thicknesses ofwoolen socks and into his ankle.His companion and he tried tobreak the steel vise, but to no avail.At last, with the only weapon in theirpossession, an a'xe,-;the bolts on theunder side of the trap were shearedoff after two hours of hard labor.WEAR WOOD SHOE!Forest Footwear Popular in anIndiana Town.Hoosier German Settlement in Whicha Wooden Shoe Factory Has BeenConducted for More ThanForty Years.Huntingburgh, Ind. In the town ofFerdinand, this county, many of theolder generation of Germans wearwooden shoes. Clemens Luecken of ,Ferdinand is a master carver of wooden shoes and. his tiny shop is the mecca for Germans in quest of forest footwear. Dubois county is overwhelmingly German and many of the customs of "der vaterland" are observedwith as much fervor as though. Duboiscounty were actually ruled by thekaiser. One of the customs in vogueat Ferdinand is the wearing of wooden shoes and for more than fortyyears Clemens Luecken has conducteda wooden shoe factory in the littletown.4Not for one moment in all that timehas Clemens Luecken allowed theleather trust to worry him. The soaring price of shoe leather ,has no terrors tfor Mr. Luecken. As long asbirch and poplar timber can be secured "Der Holtzschumacher" willnever care a rap whether Uncle Samcorners the leather trust or the leather trust corners Uncle Sam. Leatheris an unknown quantity with Mr.Luecken. He specializes in the manufacture of wooden shoes and the factthat he has been engaged in the business for more than forty years is proofenough that the demand for woodenshoes is pretty steady and that Clemens Luecken delivers the goods.The shop wherein Mr. Luecken hasworked at his trade for so many yearsis situated on a hill overlooking thelittle town of Ferdinand. The build-Luecken's Wooden Shoe Shop.ing is a low frame structure 12 feetsquare and occupies a site in the corner of the garden adjoining his home.The little building is well suppliedwith light there being three windows,a door and a skylight.The floor of the shop is coveredwith wood chips. Tools such as areused by a skilled wood carver hang inorderly fashion about the walls. In onecorner of the room stands a very smallstove. His work bench in another corner consists of a six-foot log some 10or 12 inches in diameter resting onfour sticks of wood. In the center ofthis rudely constructed work bench isa groove. One cannot but admire theskill of the old German when he firstshapes a block of wood to conform tothe foot. He holds the block of shoewood on a large oak block andwields a keen edged hatchet with adegree of accuracy that is amazing."Wood chips fly in all directions witheach stroke of the hatchet. Graduallythe block of wood assumes the formof a shoe. The block is then placed inthe groove and an auger-like tool isused in boring out the interior of theshoe. The boring process continuesuntil theN interior is rounded out to(conform to the shape Qf the foot. Afterthe interior and exterior of the shoeare smoothed out it is ready for thewearer.The shoes are made according tothe length and breadth of the foot ascomputed by inches. The host of patrons whom Luecken supplies withwooden shoes every year includesmen, women and children. In pricethe shoes range from 45 to 65 cents.Shoes made of birch come higher because they last longer than those madeof poplar and other wood. Lueckencan turn out several pairs a daj'. Inaddition to supplying the regular channel of trade he sells hundreds of wooden shoes to visiters who buy them assouvenirs. Luecken says that theyoung American has never formed thehabit of wearing wooden shoes theyoung American prefers tight fittingshoes made of leather and the painfulcorns that go with them. The feetof those who wear wooden shoes arenever deformed by corns, bunions, etc.If Luecken does npt have your sizeshoe n stock and you are in a hurryhe sends you to one of the generalstores in Ferdinand, where you canmake your selection" from a largestock. He supplies the merchantswith their stock of wooden shoes. Itis a very common sight in .Ferdinandto see a patron of Mr. Luecken driveinto town wearing a pair of woodenshoes. They come from all parts ofDubois county.tffl nffl fflj I :EB cB HP - wHangs Self With Shoestring.Galesburg, 111. Mrs. Josephine Munson, a widow, 74 years old, committedsuicide by hanging herself with a shoe-string. , L' .THEATRICAL."THE COUNTRY HOY.""The Country Boy," which HenryB. Harris will send to the Paria Grandon Wednesday, February 21, is said tobe one succession of bright lines andlaughs. It fairly bristles with amusingslang, and it affords an cppjrtunity forthe display of at least a dozen welldrawn character parts. Edgar Selwyn.is the author."The Country Boy," from all accounts, is an entirely different kind ofa play from any Mr. Selwyn has everwritten and besides that it is one ofthe very best and most interestingcomedies that has been seen in severalseasons. It has comedy of situationand line; it has cleverness of construction and development, and it hascharacter drawing of an exceptionalnature; it is clean and wholesome,though it deals with situations inwhich there is an opportunity to call jthings by their right names The storyis interesting and well sustained.Tom Wilson, a country boy, is ambitious to make something big of himself and refuses the offer of five dollars a week from the father of the girlhe loves in the small town where helives The girl thinks he can find himself and make or break himself in thecity.and thither she sends him to provehis worth. There he luoses his positionand the life he leads in a tpyicalboarding iiouse is ona ct the mostamusing features of the play.Entirely out of money and on thepoint of being put on the street by themercenary landlady, the boy, in desperation, rather than go home a failure,decides to end his life. But a fellowsufferer in the boarding house cleverlybrings him to his senses and they decide to join forces and start a newspaper in the town from which the boyhails. The last act tells of the successof the venture and the happiness ofthe hoy with his fiancee, who nas hadfaith in him all along.His Chief Proficiency.Recently a letter of introductionwas handed by an actor to a managerwhich described the presented as anactor of much merit, and concluded:"He plays Macbeth, Richelieu, Hamlet, Shylock, and billiards. He playabilliards best."Soothing Occupation."Who's that man who just kickedthe chair over and threw a pack ofcards into the fireplace?" inquired onewaiter. "Oh," replied the other, "he'sthe gentleman who tries to rest hisnerves by playing solitaire."Truth Mixed With Alloy.Truth comes to us from the past, asgold is washed from the mountains ofSierra Nevada, in minute but preciousparticles, and intermixed with infinitealloy, the debris of centuries. Bovee.Much Timber in Reserve.The rich forests of the Caucasusoffer a wide field for future development, although the walnut forests andthe boxwood forests along the coast jhave been fully exploited. Two lumber mills, one at Poti and the otheiat Sukhum-Kalee, represent the bulkof the lumbering carried on at present. ooCopyright 1910, by the Standard Adv. Co.tl .m If -feltfc v.-, .THE height of folly in reached by the man who so utterlydisregards a care for the future by not providinghimself with a bank account. The arguments as towhy a man should have money in - the bank are withoutnumber, and it is but folly that leads a man from a Bankaccount.We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accountsDEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.Capital $100,000rr - - WjVictor-Victrola XIV, $150Other styles Victor-Victrola S 5 to $250 ,&:Victors $10 to $100 f.in in mi jr m,m -vk :nThe ideal instrumentfor the homeThe Victor-Victrola is the mostperfect and most satisfactory of a!!musical instruments for the home.It combines all musical instrumentand the perfect human voice, ardsupplies in unlimited variety thefinest music in the world, sung andplayed by the most famous artists.There is no reason why youshouldn't possess a Victor-Victrola.Come in and we'll tell you how youczn pay for it on easy terms.Daugherty Bros.,Paris, Ky.Crowded Manhattan.In one small portion of Manhattan,N. Y., is a population greater thanthat of Arizona, or of Delaware, Idaho,Montana, Nevada, North Dakota, Oregon, New Hampshire, New Mexico.Rhode Island, Utah, Vermont orWyoming.The Loved and Lost.A bachelor shouldn't feel sad as hesits and thinks of the beautiful girlthat was. So many more bachelorshave no girl that was! Lippincott'aMagazine.Eat WhatYovt Want,BROWN'SLITTLE TABLETSCures Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Heartburn50c PACKAGE:Surplus $30,000Pi