THEBOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AUD FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, APRIL 16, 1912I A GREAT SALEOF SILKSIA large shipment of Silks which were lost in transportation, will be put on sale this week at a sacrifice, as wewere obliged to buy other silks in the -places of thesegoods in order to supply our trade. We are now forced Hto sell out this shipment at sacrifice prices to-close themout.Cheney Bros.9 Showerproof Sifks9Regular $1 Quality, at 50c per yard.Fancy Poulards, 50c and 6Gc quality,at 35c per yard.Checked and Striped Taffetas, SOcand 60c Quality, at 35c per yard.Come Early and Get Choice of These Handsome Patterns.The Simon Department Store,' Pari, KentuckyAgents for McCall Patterns, Werner Bros Rust-ProofL Corsets, Eiffel Brand Hosiery, Gage Bros.' Hats.MHilHBlHii4For People Whowant to Live Welland Save Money,See LENIH AN.16 lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.003 lb can Asparagus 20c2 cans good Corn ...... .7 .... . . .'. 15cNavy Beans, per lb .r yff'ft'S ' ' ' :i3- tie Broom ........ . . 35c4- tie Broom or Parly Queen. . . . 45c10 bars Cardinal Soap . . . . . .v. . .;. 5'cTh&iest-CSLtWoiip. . . ?: ........ 1 0cBLUE RIBBON FLOUR25-lb Sack '. .V. 70c50-lb Sack . . . . . ; $1.401 0O-lb Sack . : . . $2.75Chas. Myers Found DeaS in Bed.Chas. Myers, aged 48 years, ajcarpenter by trade was found dead in bedat the home of Preston Ste, on WestEighth street yesterday morningabout 9 o'cloc. Myers was a boarderat the home of Mr. See and the latterwas moving to the residence on Eighthstreet, where the body was found.A quantity of the household goods hadbeen moved SaturJay and Myers wasstaying at the house. He retiredabout9 o'clock Sunday night'apparently in good health.Yesterday morning when Mr. See,with a wagon load of furniture, wentto the house about nine o'clock hefound the doors locked. An enhancewas made to the house and the bodyof Myers was discovered lying acrossthe bed.Myers was unmarried and formerlyof Carlisle. He had been in Parisabout six years. Last week he visited relatives in Cai lisle returning, toParis Thursday. Coroner RudolphDavis conducted an investigation andpronounced death due to naturalcauses. It is said Myers was a greatsufferer from asthma, which wasprobably the cause of his death.Two brothers, Wallace and WilliamMyers, reside in this city and the deceased has two sisters, Mrs. AddisonGinn and Mrs. W, McCrakcen residingin Carlisle. The body was removed tothe undertaking establishment of Mr.Geo. W. Davis, where . it was prepared for burial and was last nighttaken to the home of Mr. On Bannister, on South Main street. The funeral will be held this 'afternoon at3 :30 o'clock at the grave in the Pariscemetery conducted by Elder J. T.Sharrard.Paints, Qils, Etc.Paints, Oils, Varnishes, Brushes, at16 3t CHAS E. BUTLEK & CO.Opp. Court House Paris, Ky.Pay Train Visits Paris.The Li. and N. n.iv train made its regular monthly visit to'this'city yesterday,distributing theN monthly wages amongits numerous employes here.Hauser and Delehant Report HereJames Hauser. of Lyons, Inch, amember of the pitching stalf of theBurbonites last year, who, it was reported would not play ball this year,reported for duty Saturday nght. Hehas signed his contract and wit) afew days rest will be ready to beginwork.Catcher. Lawrpnce Delehant, of 'Auburn, N. Y., who was signed by Manager Lewis, was another of the recruits to report for a try-cut, and isready to go into training.The next . exhibition game will beplayed here with Transylvania University, of Lexington , Thursday afternoon. The game will be caled a3 :15.- "WE KNOW HOW" ySpecialistsOnMEN'S CLOTHES fIIJYou Seek a Specialist for allother Complaints, so why notcome to us and be cured of theClothes troubles which beset youSeason after season?JWe have studied the science of Iselecting clothes that appeal to 1different people and offer goodvalue and perfect satisfaction.Stetson and Dunlap Hats.SirStetsonKorrect ShapeDr. Reed's CushionSHOESYour Spring Suit.andT. C.LEINIHANCash Grocery.Both Phones 234yRAGQopstvle for this seasonthe style and appearance ofclothing; sizes 7 to 17 years. .The XTRAGOOD LabelMakes Satisfaction Sure.Sailor, Russian and Junior suits, pretty cheviots,worsteds and serges, newest combinations for Springwear, large graceful collars,silk ties, trousers lined.Most artistic designs on themarket, 2 1-2 to 10years $5.00Boys' two-piece doublebreasted and Norfolk suits,plain two-piece suits withfull lined "knickers;" "also.,Norfolk and "knicker"trousers;, new Spring styles,large variety of styles andchecks. A very populardurable serge linings. Allmuch higher-priced$7.50We show all the leading: colorsmany special stylei this season.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Lyman Howe's Travel Festival.Lyman H. Howea travel festival,which comes to the Paris Grand forone; night only, Thursday, April 18,will without doubt be the most interesting exhibition -seen at the grandthis season. Mr. Howe is always awelcome visitor in every city in whichhe plays, and his semi-yearly trips. arealways looked-forward to with muchpleasure.His program this year is said to betne most interesting he has ever produced. It is of two houra duration andat the end one caD almost imagine hehas finished a complete tour of theworld. -Forthe proper and complete presentations of his pictures Mr. Howecarries two complete outfits of macnines, two operators, and a companyot eight people to produce the propereffects of all the pictures, includingthe conversation. This will be thefirst time tha talking pictures havebeen produced in Paris.Tne advance sale ot seats la-now- onat Mitchell & Blakemore's. Prices:Lower floor. HO cents: balcony. 35cents; gallery 25 cents. .Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfZ rvlitchell & Blakemore,Paris, Kentucky JIOutfitters to MieniitiiiiiTrirniD .FRANK6c CStore Whege Reliability Reigns.V'PR16 & 60. GiotmersillBig Damage Suit Against L. 4 N.Barton C. Harp, as administrator ofMrs. Fannie Harp, Ruth Harp, WilliamHarp, his wife and two children, filedsuit in the Fayette Circuit Court Saturday against the Louisville & Nashvillerailroad company for damages in the sumof $75,000. The suit, which is the largest ever filed in the Fayette Court, grewout of J.he death of 'Mrs. Harp and thechildren, as the result of being struck bya passenger train of the defendant company. The accident occurred on November 2,.1911, at the Louisville & Nashville crossing on the Houston and Ware- pike, ahort distance from Hutchison, thiscounty. In the accident4' "TNliss ' LulaHughes, a sister of Mrs. Harp, ;was alsokilled. Mrs-. .Harp ,r whose home was inLexington, in company ;vith, herchildren, came on the i'nterurban car tothe 'station near the Hutchison pike,where they were met by Miss Hughes,in a vehicle, and were enroute to thehome of Mrs. Harp's parents for a shortvisit.' The northbound train from Lexingtonstruck the vehicle" killing the occupantsalmost instantly. They were picked ,pand brought tp this city. The train wasin charge of Engineer Lawrence Dicker-son and Conductor Ripoetoe.. of thiscity, who were exhonorated by the jury-akthe investigation conducted.by CoronerCordially Invite Your Inspection of TheirComplete Lines ofBekdy-to- Wear GarmentsNewest Styles in v v. Ladies' and Misses9 Suits.Linen Suits and DressesSilk and Serge Dresses for Street Wear r1Linen and Repp DressesChiffon DancingDressesReception Gowns and RobesHouse Dresses in Ginghams and PercalesSeparate Coats in Silks, Serges and LinensCome In and Take a Look-.-Bimiimuwijiiiri Frank & Co. "X vParis, KentuckyiKiiiiimiiiiimiiuraimiMiiiiiimRudolph Davus. . . . ,V " -. w - - ? . ,THE BOURBON NEWS,. JPARIS KENTUCKY, APRIL .16, 1912.1W1 1?KLIFELONG CURES fg&JffjEt(Establked 1892) BY A TRUE SPECIALIST FOR- MEN. (Established 1892)'There is absolutely no patchwork about the results of the course of treatment Iive for each of the diseases I make a specialty, for soon after beginning mytreatment every symptom of disease disappears aad the trouble never returns.LOWEST CHARGESof Any SpecialistA CERTAIN CUREQUICKEST CURESThat Stay CuredIs what I will give you if your case is curable; if not, I will notaccept your money and promise to do anything for you. The bestreferences I could give as to professional reliability are the manycured, satisfied patients I dismiss, which proves that my treatment cures when others fail to even benefit.YOU CAN TAKE MY TREATMENT WITHOUT A CENT ANDPAY AFTER I CUBE YOU. .1 want a chance to prove I can cureafflicted, skeptical men.Remember, my treatment is different, better and COSTS YOUNOTHING unless you are willing, glad and satisfied to pay me.THESE ARE THE DISEASES OF WHICH I HAVE CUREDSO MANY MEN MANY OF WHOM FAIXED TO RECEIVE ACURE IN TREATING WITH OTHER SPECIALISTS.and Kidneys, Enlarged Glands, Nervousness, Swelling, Uric Acid.Varicose Enlargementis a knotty, bunchy, twisted, worm-likecondition of veins, more often on left side,hanging lower.Symptoms Aching or Pain in Groin orBack, Nervousness, Weakness, Xoas ofVitality, Lack of Ambition.I cure Varicose Enlargement by onetreatment in one. visit, without a severesurgical operation or suffering, or keepingyou away from business.Acute Diseases-Si AnrifflRheumatism.FREE CONSULTATION AND EXAMINATION. Write for Free Book. Question-Blank and get my Charge, Terms, Time of Cure and Full Information FREE.Address or call onDR."C. L. DOLLE, Men-Specialist, 525 WALNUT STREET,Between 5th and 6th Avenues,(Near Fountain Sq.) Cincinnati, O.SIGN THIS COUPON FOR A VALUABLE. BOOK FREE.Dr. C. L. Dolle.Blood Poison, Skin Diseases :Hash, Sore Mouth or Throat, SwollenGlaads, Mucous Patches, Copper-Colored-Spots. Rheumatic Pains, Eczema, Itching,Barnlag, Nervousness."Nervousness, Weakness,Failing Health, w,nroso8;Memory, Loss of Energy, Drain on theAmbition, Wornout Feeling, Timid, Headache, Backache, Excesses, Melancholy,Easily Excited, Restless at Night are someof the symptoms that destroy manhood.TJrinary,Kidriey and BladderHicoocoo Obstructions, Straining,JLloCctdCb Pain in Back, BladderC L. DOLLE, A. B., 31. D., 525 Walnut Street, Cincln.natl, Ohio. Fliue send me free oce of your books"Vital Facts for Men;" also Question Blank, as I desireto describe my cast to you for the purpose of takingtreatment, if I decide you can cure me and yourcharge is low enough to suit me.NameTri-State.Addres3totototoBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice.tototoorivlvltotA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get yonr laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Bourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky.Lime For Agricultural Purptses.Much interest is being manifestedin the use of lime and limestone onour soils. The larger (portion of ourcultivated soils are either acid or contain only a small amount of carbonateof lime (limestone). For best resultson such soils it is neensaary to uselime of some form. The nitrogengathering plants (clovers, alfalfa,etc., do not grow well on acid soils,hence it is difficult to keep up thenitrogen supply of the loil under suchconditions. The organisms whichrender the nitrogen of the soil available do not work well in the absenceof the carbonate of .lime, hence thenon-nitrogen gathering plants do notmake-their beetgrowth. There is analmost -aiversal opinion that soilsderived 'from limestone rock containsufficient carbonate of lime. This isnot true. Such soils are very ant tobe deficient in limestone because therains dissolve it out. The purer thelimestone the more readily it is dissolved. Caves and sinkholes of limestone regions are due 'to water dissolving away the rock.Raw ground limestone is the bestmaterial to Ube. Burnt lime correctssourness, but it is also a powerful soilstimulant and cause a rapid loss of theorganic matter and nitrogen of thesoil.The test to determine whether limestone is needed is to prepare two plotsof eual size and seed to clover oralfalfa, using ground limestone on oneat the rate of 4 or 5 tons per acre, andweighing the'yieldo of hay. The useof limestone on the ExperimentStation farm increased the vield ofalfalfa hay from 2060 pounds per acreto 3640 pounds per acre the first cutting. (iiound limestone should ba appliedat the rate of three or four tons peracre in the beginning and one ton peracre every four or .five 'years thereafter. It is best to apply it after theground has been broken and thoroughly ds? or harrow it in. . .If burnt lime is used, about half cftGis amount of the freshly burnedmaterial should' be applieJ. but itshoul be thoroughly slaked before application. Under no circumstanceswould we -recommend burnt lime ifthe ground limestone can be obtained.Where there is good demand forground limestone it is usually deliveredon cars at plant for a dollar or lessper ton, in carload lots in bulk.GEO. ROBERTS,Agronomist, Kentucky AgriculturalExperiment Station.youWhy He Was Late."What made you so late.""I met Smithson."Well that is no reason whyshonld be an hour late getting: hometo. supper.' '"I knj ,7, but I asked him how hewas feeling, and he insisted upon telling me about his stomach trouble.""Did you tell him to take Chamberlain's Tablets.""Sure, that is what he needs."Sold by all dealers.Proof of Snake's Wisdom.4&lr. Itelder (with paper) I gttat the "bfg anaconda up at the Zoo. won't eat chickens unless they arealive. Mr. Relder Wise old snake!1 That's the only :way to beat the cold--atoragegame. Puck.Concentrated Wisdom."Will your boy go to college?" "Idon't believe he'll need to," repliedMr. Bliggins. "If he ever learns theanswers to all the questions he asks,he will know more than the profes-i - 3Py rrs-rEmulated the Ostrich.In the stomach of a cow recentlyslaughtered in Davenport, Wash.,were found .steel nails, a piece of tincan and a 24-point capital O from afont of type.You will look a good while beforeyou find medicine that is better forcoughs and colds than Chamberlain'sCough Hemedy. It not only givas relief it enres. Try it when you havea cough or cold and you are certainto be pleased -with the prompt curewhich it Hvill effect. For sale by alldealers..IIIIOneof Our Spring StylesNow On Floor.IITHE BOURBON NEWSPAIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMPPublisherEstablished 1881 30 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. ,. .$2. 00-Six. Months.Payable in Advance.$l.gOEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for hrst time; 50 cents per incheach subseanenfc insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per line'eacn issue ; reading notices m blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on- cBndidates,obituaries and Tesolutions, and similar mat! er, 10 cents per line, 'Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter Offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.The Only Solution.The impression is steadily gainingground that the Democratic excise-income tax, which proposes to place upon wealth a part ofthe burden of sustaining the government will pass theSenate and the White House. SenatorPenrose, who pretends to be the leaderof the Standjpatters in the Senate, hasmade the statement that none of theDemocratic bills would be "allowed topass the Senate, but it is becomingmore and more apparent that SenatorPenrose and those of his kind whohave assumed in the past to rule theSenate no longer have the power to"allow" certain measures to pass, orprevent others from passing.The-truth is, a great many Senatorson both sides of the chamber, eitherbecause they are at last frightened bythe wave of protest against the hightariff injustice.or because they believeinthe inherent right and justice ofthe income tax measure, have come tolook favorably on the bill. At leastthere has been a cessation of the talkabout the "unconstitutionality" of themeasure, and since'this argument hasalways been the Stand-pat answer toall logical proposals, the sign is considered a good one. Nobody pretendsto know, of course, what the ultimatefate of the present bill will be butfrom the popular approval that hasbeen accorded the measure, it is admitted by all that such legislationmust come eventually.The present tariff law raises about$330,000,000 annually -in. governmentrevenue. And for every dollar ofrevenue thus turned into the UnitedStates treasury, it is estimated bydemocratic' leaders in Congress, whohave studied' the matter Jfrora everypossible angle, that the tariff baronsput five dollasr. into their own pocketsin the fornrof ibot. In other words,the tariff gives these, beneficiaries theright to collect five dollars in tributefor every dollar the government, collects in revenue.This condition ' is 'alone responsiblefort he horde of mushroom millionairesin this country. On every article ofdaily use the people of this countrypay this "five-to-one" tribute.In the past, the tariff fcarons haveurged tariff for two principle reasons.b'irstthey pretend that they desire tq"protect" American workmen. Thatthis agrument, which the protectionists in Congress listened to with awilling ear tor the past sixteen years,is a farce, pureand simple, has beenproven beyond a doubt by the- Democrats at this session of Cogress.chiefly through the varioua investigations into trust methods. - Secondly;the trust beads pointed out that in noother way could revenue be collectedfor the governments support. Theythus gave their plea f for -a tariff theform of an excuse. :Having disposed of the first "reason"for keepingjup the tariff, the Democrats, through the excise-income taxbill, have offered a .solution of theother alleged difficulty.NATURE'S ESSENCE. Extracted From Forest Plants.Go Xhtt1fathom for you. Take the bk of the wild-cherry tree the root of mandrake,1"ne, Oregon grape root, queen's root, bloodroot and golden seal, make a scieaX, non-alcoholic extract of them with just the nght proportions, and you haveDoctor Pierce's Golden Medical iMscoyery.-It took Dr. Pierce, with the assistance of two learned chemists, eight years ohard work experimenting to make this pure glyceric -tract -d alterative of theGreatest efficiency and without the use of a particle of alcohol.8 7 t., Knrt oL remedy you need to snake ncn, redblood, and cure that lassiruue anu iwuuj ,Dr Pile's Golden Medical Discovery bears the stamp ofPublic Approval and has sold more largely in the past fortyyears than any other blood purifier and stomach tome."Some 'time ajro I sot out of bealth-my stomach seemed to be thaseat offte SabS" writes" EZBA Villiams. of BeUevflle. Kanscommenced to doctor with all the doctors at home as weUaa wi tfec4er soecialists on stomach and digestive orzans. None seined todoSny odn fact nost of the medicines did me harm. RnaDy; I wroteDicrce. BufTa 57N. Y., who replied, statin? that I had liver cotnSaStVriafaaSS and constipation, and advised Dr. Pierce's GoldcalEEw andUets have 'put me on my feet again'seemed to be jiut what I needed. I could not have recovered without them.E. William Ero. Vr. fierce s Mswai ' wGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMEfi.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 399.Why not you join the great army ofcustomers and burn"IVtv little son had a severe cold. Iwas recommended to try Chamberlain's Cough Remedy, and before asmall bottle was finished he was aswell as ever," writes Mrs. H. Silk,L9 Dowling street, Sydney. Austrha.For sal by all dealers.IWe now have in our repository a complete line of Stanhopes, Phaetons, Buggies and Run-a-tfouts of Columbus,Babcock, Houghton and Post makes. Let us show themto you before you purchase.3?-1 YERKES&ft-:::-.'Both 'Phones 664' : IIPRICHARDITrue Giving.vlf instead ofagem,'or even a flo.wer, we could cast the gift of a lovelythought into the heart of a friend,that would be giving as the angelsmust give; George Macdonald.Saves Leg of Boy."It seemed that my 14 year oldboy would have to lose his leg on account of an ugly ulcer, caused by abad bruise," wrote D. F. Howard,Aquone, N, C. '"All remedies andand doctors treatment failed till wetried Bucklen's Arnica Salve andcur-Jed him with one box." Cures burns,boils, skin eruptions, piles. 25c at Oberdorfer's. - -Now is the time to try a loadJDodson & DentonPARIS, KY.East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, Ndrth Middleto wn, Littlef Rock anRuddles Mais.4 When you have JUast TennesseeHAVE telephone service."service your :The Estst Tennessee Telephone Col Incorporated j , ,NOTICETOFarmers!NEW - BARBER - SHOP !Modern Equipment,4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.I am Paying from 50oto 75ceach for Sheep Hides.Tallow and 5 1 -4c per lb.MAX MUNICK,8th Street, PARI, KY.- Call East Tenn. Phone 374Jlnnk LanqfyornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly ancTsatisfactionguaranteed.auglGtfEast Tenn. Phoe 669. Every thing Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty. ' ''CARL CRAWFORDJoe. G Mitchell,Against Pire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies. rPhone 162Agent.LOWEY & TALBOTTALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.TOWEL eotyCgfvfo?f a rii--yMAJt5Tie)-Ji majesticJJwill not be yours unless youhave a . iinMajestic RangeYour Kitchen!CoJe in and see them.-Theyare tke best made." HBE BBflMB flHB fllHft JHHH Jrft .ITHE BOURBON: NEWSnPARIS, KENTUCKY, :APRIL IB," 1912are theTwo Great Creatorsof EnergyEnergy means powerpower to work, to think,to throw off and keepoff disease.Get all the sunshineyou can, and takeScott's Emulsionregularly. It will giveyou strength, flesh andvitality.Be sure to gel SCOTT'Sit's the Standard and alwaysthe-best.AU, DRUGGISTS11-19Eggs for Hatching.White and Buff Orpingtons, $2 to 3per 15.J. H. DOTY,322 Main St., Paris, Ky.Duck Eggs for SaleIraperiol Mammoth White Pekinuck eggs,75 cents per dozen. AddressHORACE MILLER CLAY,13 Gt .Route 7, Box 5, Paris, Kyv A ! OridiMtJrrack '-of the fast express rheans serioustrouble aheid if hofcirembved, BO(loes:loss of appetite. It means lack of vitality, loss of strength arid nerveweakness. Tf appetite fails-.take Electric Bitters quickly to overcome, thecause by toning up the stomach andcuring the indigestion. Michael Hessheimerof Lincoln, Neb", had beensick over three years but six bottlesof Electric Bitters put him right onhis feet again. They have helpedthousands. They give pure blood,strong nerves, good- digestion. Only50c at Oberdorfer's.No Wortien in Jap Universities.There are two imperial universitiesin Japan, but 'women are admitted toneither. . :Saved by Bis Wife.- ,She's a wise woman who knowsjust what to do when her husband'slifejs in danger, but Mrs. R.J. Flint,Braintree, Vt., is that kind. "She insisted on my using Dr. King's NewDiscovery," writes Mr. Flint, '"for adreadful cough when I was so weakmy friends all thought I had only ashort time to live, and it completelycured me.7 1 A quick cure for coughsand colds, it's the most safe and reliable remedy for many throat andlung troubles grip, bronchitis, croup,,whooping cough, quinsy, tonsilitis,hemorrhages. A trial will covince you.ouc s guaranteed by Oberdorfer.Awful Possibility."Be only objection to lettin'.de ladies vote," said Uncle Eben, "is datdey's liable to require special hatsfoh election days, same as Easter."Don't be surprised if "you have anattack of rheumatism this spring.Just rub the affected parts withChamberlain's Liniment and it will?soon disappear. Sold by all dealers.Rooms and Board.Desirable front rooms and board forboth ladies and gentlemen. FApply toMRS. WALLINGFOKD,Cor. Pleasant ana Duncan Avenue.Embroidery and Stamping,1 will be glad to have you call andsee my up to date work. Can supplyyour needs at reasonable prices. Calland see my work, I am also geting upa class in needle work.MISS LIDA B. DUERSON,No. 305 Main street.At Mrs. Corne W. Baird's Millinerytore, E. T. phone 339.Eggs For Sale.Pure Rhode Island Red Eggs. TheEtrain that-:lay.s the year round.y CHARLTON CLAY,5 Gt E. T. Phone 57FOR RENT.MUGGINS' BAD WINTERPET BULLDOG HAS FOUND TIMEHANG RATHER HEAVY.-Too Much a Believer in the Strenuous Life to. Be Pleasant Companion for His Owner's Mother"Last Time," She ' Says.Muggins has had rather a dismaltime of it this winter. His master'sextended business trip made it necessary -for the bulldog to be leftat'homein mother's keeping. She is afraid totake-him out except on the leash, ashe is so fond of raising a rumpus withother dogsBut she does not considerJt either dignified or enjoyable to betowed along, because Muggins willact ;he part of a stout tug aganstwhich human muscle is of no avail.So jfoor Muggins, has stayed in thehouse a large part of the time, whichdisgusts him. Now and then neighbors volunteer to give an outing tohim; hut when Muggins has rushedthem, about for half an hour or sowithout a pause for breath, they feelthey have had more of an outing thanMuggins did, and their offer seldomis repeated.At' first mother thought the question of home amusement for Mugginswould 'be solved easily, as he had invented a game for himself of which henever tired. This consisted of digginga half brick or good-si?ed stone out ofthe earth and chasing it about theyard giving it sharp pokes with hisnose, then pouncing on it like a cat ona mouse, only to send it flying with another shove. But when mother sawtwo of her choicest shrubs snappedoffike pipestems by Muggins' sharpteeth, because he .couldn't take timeBeware o! Ointments or Catarrh j to go round them in his exciting career, sne promptly vexoea me yenuruianctf, and poor Muggins can't even,look- at a brick without receiving aThat Contain Mercury,a& mercury will surely destroy thesense'of smell and comralecely derangethe whole system when entering itthrough the mucous surfaces. Sucharticles should never be usedj' excepton prescriptions from reputable physicians, as the damage they will dois tenfold to the good you can possibly derive from them. Hail's CatarrhCure, manufactured by F. J. Cheney& Co., Toledo, O., contains no mercury and is taken internally, actingreprimand from mother.He only had had one fight this winter, and that really was not Muggins'fault. A reputedly ill-natured Irishterrier went past Muggins' home andmade some very impolite remarksthrough the fence. Muggins happenedto he loose in the yard for the moment, and at once darted out at hisinsulter. The terrier was with msdirectly upon the blood and mucuous . mistresS) and when Muggins leaped 0surfaces of the system. In buyingHall's Catarrh Cure be sure you get 'the genuine. It is taken internallyand made in Toledo, O., by F. J.Cheney & Co. Testimonials free.Sold by druggists, 75c per bottle.Take.Hall's.Family.Pills for;constipation. Near End of His Patience.Reggy Deswelle (to his tailor)4Weally, I think I have been very patient with you. I promised again andJUST NOW AFTER EASTERTHE HOME NEEDS NEW THINGS!9 Your home does, doesn't it?s I And right now you are wondering where your home-furnishingdollars will do most for you.f While you are wondering, won't you just run into this store, forwe know that this store willjnake your dollars do most for you.I The new spring goods, furniture, floor coverings, draperies, laceH curtains, stoves and ranges are here in unlimited quantity, and theyH are thefnewest f hinds, the best of things, and all marked to sell to amiU most reasonably. ' '' . .f Terms of payment, too, we'll gladly arrange to suit you.To this store then come with your problem.up into the air and la'hded directly ontop of her pet which is his own original way of giving battle she screamed with terror and fled across thestreet. Mother had witnessed Muggins' sudden departure and hurriedout to discover its cause. The dogswere invisible to her until she reachedthe street, but When she heard thatscream her only expectation was tofind, a few scattered pieces of someasain to nay you. but if you keep on local dog. to ner joy .Muggins wabbothering me I simply won't promise J only lying on top of his foe, chew. i!.any more. Fliegende Blatter.The Glenn cottage on Vine street offive rooms, reception hall and bathroom. Possession given May 1 CallE. T. phone 198. tfHot and ColdAT MSHot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waitFt You are next.IYL A. KAHAL,rofessioual CardsJ. WHLiIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW ..Room 1 Elks Buildins:.Dr. Wrn. Kenney;PARTS, KENTUCKY.Office 51-i Main Street.Office Phones 5 S' J!1?For rheumatism you will find nothing better than Chamberlain's Liniment Try lb and see'how quickly titgives relief. Sold by all dealers.HAVE, you an Automobile oran Engine of. any kind. Wei f i i icio nrst-ciass repair wura.and at moderate prices. Let usgive you an. estimate on your repair work.Paris Machine & Supply Co.!R. B. DlCKERSON, Mgr.E. T. 'Phone No. 5.ine him un comfortably, while theyelps rapidly grew louder. Mugginswas hauled off in short order, and thelicked terrier limped rapidly away.Muggins wagged his stumpy tail andlooked up proudly at mother asthough to say: "Didn't I make himapologize handsomely?'' But mother,declares that this is the last time sheshall act as guardian to her son'scherished bulldog.33ResidenceE. T. 334.Home 334.DR. A. H KELIEK,Practicing Physician, .Offices, Rooms 4 nd.5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - - - - KentuckyHORSE CUPPINGPrepare your horses forspring by having them clipped now. We are preparedto do clipping in a sales factory manner and at salesfactory'prices. Call on us.TRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to- all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.r .Eighth Street :B.othPhones.-TheJap ModeltIs the BusinessMan's Favoritewith its comfortable, roomy fittingqualities, its low,broad heel, and toeexpression of good,sense.We picture the JapModel in a. soft GlazedKid Blucher, with aheavy single sole of oldfasnioned oak -tannedleather. We have othermodels of the NettletonMake, but recommendthe Jap to the busy manfor every day wear.Geo. McWilliams.Real Home in the Air.A npvel "home in the sky" was recently constructed, in the vicarage garden, at Moulton, Northamptonshire,.England, by the vicar's young son.The lad one day climbed a tree aboutsixty feet high, but was unable to descend. For nearly an hour he had toremain in his- airy cage and a ladderhad ..to be fetched-before he couldreach the ground, Undaunted, .hecalled in two of his friends, and together they planned 'the conquest ofthe tree. Pieces of iron were drivenin td: give footholds. In the topmostbranches a hut was constructed withboards. Seats and a table were fitted.A flag attached to a flag pole whichjuts out through the branches marks.4he "Peter Pan like" abode. A t Tricycle wheel from which the tire hasbeen removed has been fixed at thetop '.of the tree and is used as a windlass by. means of which an oil stove,for-making tea, and other thing's dearto the hearts of boys have been hauledup to the hutNEW ICEBERG REFRIGERATORSNow is time to save your money by buying aRefrigerator that takes such little ice to run it.This is why they are becoming QTT sn ift QAQpopular each season. Prices 3 I up 10 wtOICE BOXES $5.75 UP TO $2400' Let Us Show You the Kind We Sell.A. F. WHEELER & CO.Main and Third Sts.CH3S. GREEN, Manager.Opposite Court House.What It Wouldn't Cure.On returning to his office from around of calls a New York physicianfound waiting fo'rhim the servant ofa patient. She was the bearer of abottle and 'a note to the effect that theremedy contained in the bottle hadbeen recommended by a woman, andthe query, "Do you think I might tryit for my cold?"In reply the doctor wrote: "I havenot examined what you sent to meand can offer no suggestion, nor do Iknow what ailed your friend when it'cured' her. But I do know that ifhers was an attack of virulent impertinence she is still uncured.PARISRestaurant!For FirstrCIass Meals andShort-Order Lunches atthe Lowest Prices.QUICK iND NEAT SERVICEBest Place in Town for Ladie'sand Gentlemen to Eat.Open All Hours Day and NightMain Street,Oppbste Agricultural ;Bank.E. T. 'Phone 734I New Spring foods JJat : .BROS. ILow Round TripTWSNDepartment StoreGinghamsWhite Goods,Percales,Piquas, Poplins,Linens,Cor. 7th and Main SgDress Goods,Silks,Skirts, Suits,Dresses,Waists, Etc.Big Lot of Tobacco Cotton at Lowest Prices.Man's. Own Horn.'"I should think some of thesespeechmakers would get tired of hearing themselves," said the proprietor oithe village store."Human nature's the same in. politics as 'tis anywhere else," replied oldJoe Struthers. "A man don't mindlistenin' to the worst noise a cornet"kinmake, provided he's the felleithat's doin' the practicin'."Homeseekers FaresTo points in Arizona, Arkansas,Louisana, Missouri, ;Ncw Mexico,Oklahoma, Texas, Kansas, Nebraska,Montana, Michigan, Wisconsin, Ala-oJo nn ooln flvof einrl fhivfl TllPSflsiVB flf ft K . : t U Knnl vnfmm limit 9 XCdUIl lliOllLli Willi llliai iciuui nnnudays from date of sale except to destinations in Florida,, final limit will be12 days from dte of sale.. Liberalstopovers allowed in homeseeker territory. We also have on sale daily untilApril 30, 1912, with final return limitsMay 31, 1912 Winter Tourist tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida. Georgia,Louisana, New Meixco and Texa9,with liberal stopovers allowed."For further information, call on orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.TWIN BRO0Paris, Kentuckyj Ups and Downs., Howell Times are changing.Powell Yes, in a few years sc;inuch business will be done by airshifjtnat tnose wno stay aown on tnc''earth will be considered in the Him?Of BOURBON POULTRY CUREaowiia emeu s tnroat jcurescapes . A leW drops In the" drlnkine water-cures and-i prevents. choler,ndiarrlioeaand ptliei; chic); 'diseases. One'50c bbttle1 msLWekiJationof-'medlcine"-'At airanigglstsJSample and booklet onT'Dls-.easepf fFowJs" sent FREE.ourMfi fuTmedy Ce.,Lcxisgt$a, IjSPECIAL EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURNSunday, April 2ist$.25RoundTripRmindSPECIAL TRAINLvs. GEORGETOWN 7:45 a. WfU, ASK; TICKET AGENTS FOR PApTICULARST.inSmalLfarra'iinthe suburbf: P.ans.Cali;E .;T;jPhohe367( ; "?V 'Wanted't i :i A'To bdvasrdnd-hsnd' clothes: - jjys.i:-: :' 1 THOMAS-BR.QS.V2f - El T. Fhcne-793. Hama5S5.J Trt.iv.:,.I-a :.-2i ITHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, JCENTUCKY, APRR. 16; 1912:iDiamonds!We Are Showing This Spring aLarge Assortment ofDiamond Rings!Perfect, Clean Cut, Vhite Goods in 14kTiffany Mountings, for$20, $25, $30 and $40 each- - According to Weight See Our WindowDisplay of Same Every StoneGuaranteed.IWe Have Just Received a Line of theThinest WatchesMadeWith Elgin or Waltham Movement for$18.50 EachThe Nobbiest I and Best Watch EverSold For the Price.For Spring and EasterWear LaValliers and Drop Ear Rings, They Are inVogue. We Carry a Full and CompleteStock of these Goods at all Prices.Our Line of Wedding GiftsSterling Silver, Cut Glass and Hand-Painted Chinais Immense and Varied, and you should calland seeourStock before purchasing."THE HOME OF QUALITY."Shire & Fithian.JMaster Commissioner's SaleOFCanning Machinery.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT. -S. H. Booth Plaintiffvs.Xitila Taulbee &c. - - - DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgmentof the Bourbon Circuit Court rendered in the above styled action the undersigned Master Commissioner ofthe said court will sell at public auction, to the highest and best bidder atthe court house door in the city ofParis, Ky., about the hour of twelveo'clock noon on Saturday, April 27,1912, the following described property: One compartment cooking tank,drain pipes for each system of pipingof said tank, and gate valve for eachdrain pipe, a cover for each compartment of said tank except one; onecast iron fnrnace front; G grate bars,48 inches long; one grate rest; 1 castiron plate for smoke stack to rest on;one smoke stack 8 inches in diameter by about 2L feet long; 3 guy wires ;1 crane complete with coil on same ;2 wire scalding baskets; 2 iron exhaust crates ; 4 iron process crates ; 1capping steel ; 1 tipping copper ; 1 firepot; 1 burner; 1 gasoline tank, fitted;1 hand power air pump; all the pipes,valves and fittings connecting up thegasoline system; 1 can tongs; 2 funnels and all other things furnishedwith the above canning outfit notnamed above, and also 10 per cent ofall goods packed on above factory.Said sale to be made upon the credit of three months for ihe purchasemoney, the purchaser being requiredto execute bond for the purchase pricewith good security thernon to be approved by said Master Commissioner, payable to said Master Commissioner bearing interest at the rate of8 per cent per annum from date ofsale until paid, having the force andeffect of a judgment and to remain, -alien upon the property gold until fullypaid or purchaser may pay cash andstep the interest at any time. Saidsale shall be made to satisfy a judgment debt of Thomas M. Brownamounting to the following sums, viz:$85 00 with interest at the rate of jjter cent, from Jan. 1, l912,until paid,6bject to the credit of $59.00 as ofthe 19th day ot i?eo. ana tnefurther sum of Jf 75.00 with interest atthe rate, of 5 per cent, from the firstday of J an. 1912, ana tne iurtner sumof $40.00 withinterest at the rate of 5per cent from Jan. 1, 1912, until paidand th3 accrued cost of this actionand the undersigned Commissionerwill sell to much of the above described property as will satisfy thesaid Thomas M. Brown's said debtand interest .and cost.C. A. M' MILL AN, M. C. B. C. C.pr9-16-23Master Commissioner'sSale of Land.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTCeo. Alexander & Co., a Corporation,PlaintiffsVs.Wm. M. Berrj',DefendantUnder and by virtue of a judgment ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court rendered inthe above styled action, the undersignedMaster Commissioner of the said Courtwill sell to the highest and best bidderat the front door of the Bourbon CountyCourt House, in the City of Paris, Kentucky, about the hour of 12 o'clock,noon, onMonday, May 6,1912n. t-n i i 1 iuie iouowing aescriDea property: :A certain tract of land lying and situ- ja lcu in nour Don county, JteiltUCKJr, tOwit: Beginning at the I?. W. gatepostin wail's-line, comer to Unce Steele;thence S. 42 3-4, E. 42.60 poles to Hall'scorner in Bettie Hughes' line; thence N.ou, b.tv poles to a post, corner toJos. and Frank Williams: -thence N.57 1-4, W. 45 poles to the'N. W. gatepostcorner to bteele; thence S. 50, W. 57.32poles to beeinniiier. coutainintr 16.49 acresand being the same property conveyedlo wm. jvi. -uerry oy lince bteele andwife, by deed of record in BourbonCounty Clerk's Office, in Deed Book 87,page 277.Said sale to be made upon credit of sixand twelve months for equal parts of thepurchase mone', the purchaser being required to execute bond for equal installments of the purchase price, with goodsecuritythereon, due in six and twelvemonths respectively,, to be approved bysaid Master Commissioner, andpayacle'tosaip Master Commissouer, bearing interest at the rale of 6.;per cent' 4)er annumfrom date of sale until paid, haying theforce and effect of a judgment and toremain' a lien upon the property sold until fully paid. The privilege is also givento the purchaser to pay the purchaseprice in cash without executing bond, orhe may pay the purchase money at anytime before maturity and stop interestthereon.c. a. McMillan,m. C...B. c. e.P. A. Thompson, AttorneM. F. Kenney, Auct.(Aprl6-23-30)Will Organize Corn Club Here.T Gnunty Superintendent Miss MabelRobbins, is plarning to organize icor.n club in Boui bon county, with simembership of twenty beys. The clublast year was a failure, uwirsg to thedrougth but better conditions are hoped for duting the coming summer.The coin to be distriouUd amongthe contestants has been received byMiss Rotbina and is ready for distribution as. soon as the organization of theclub is ccmpleted Fallowing are theawards in tne contest:"To each boy growing sixty bushelsof corn or more an appropriate diploma will be signed by the. Governordf the State, the Commission. of Agriculture, the'Superintendent o f " PublicInstruction and the Superintendent ofthe County.To the boy in ,reach county whogrows the greatest amount of corn upon one acre, free tuition and board atState University during "Farmers'Week" will be given.To the hoy growing the greatest-amount of corn upm one acre in eachof the fbur sections into which theState has been divided, a four yearscholarship in State university orState Normal Schools will be given.- To the boy growing the greatestamountl of corn upon one afire in theState, a trophy valued at $100 will beawarded.To the" boy sending the" beat ten earsof corn to Lexington to bs judged- atthe State Corn Show Jield the firstweek in January, 1913, a rophy valued at $100 will be award'ed.To the three boys who prove themselves the best judges of corn duringthe Farmers' Week at Lexingtonawards or cups valued at twenty-five,ten and five dollars respectively willbe given. . - -Old Whiskeys.Sam Clay and Vanhook made inspring of 19U4 both in bulk, andibottledin bond. All other first class bottledin bond , goods. Champagne, and allkinds of domestic wines.tf- ED. SLATTERY.DEATHS.Inspects Richmond CommanderyRyan Commandery, Ne. 19, Knightsfemplar of Richmond underwent itsannual inspection in that city lastThursday night, and the work of theCommandery was highly complimented. The inspection was made by PastGrand Commander J03. H. Ewalt, ofthis city. Ryan Commander will attend the Conclave to be held in thiscity May 29-?0 and will have its hedquarters at the Bourbon Female College. Sanger's Circus to Exhibit Here.The advance representative of Sanger's Great European Shows, was in thecity yesterday making arrangements fortne circus which will exhibit here onMay 2. The representative closed acontract with Mr. W. W. Mitchell forthe use of his vacant lot on LillestonAvenue for the show grounds.Public Sale of Lots May 15.Mr. John S. Jones, the lumher dealer, is subdividing his property in theold fair'grounds addition in Paris, intobuilding lots and will hold a publicsale on Wednesday May 15. Therewin oe choice lots.located,on .Nineteenth street, Clifton street andClintonville pike.This is one of the most desirableresidence additions in Paris, and thelots for buildincr Durnoses could notlay better, .and should meet with aready sale.Watch the Bourbon News for a moredetailed description of this -valuableproperty.Original.Ideas, that is our motto. We leadin high clats interior decorations.Our prices are right too.16 2t BORLAND'SPUBLIC SALE-OFToilet Articles.I have accepted the agency of theAbner-Royce Toilet Articles and wouldJ appreciate the orders of the ladies' ofIrans. uraers teiepnonea to Airs. 4JearlCram, E. T. Phone 450, will receiveattention, or let me take your order.16-4t MRS. MARY CONNELLY.Lumber and Goal YardOne of the hest pieces of real estateoffered in Paris for sale in a long timeis tne lumber ana coal yard at the corner of Third and Railroad streets,opposite L. & N. depot. This property will be sold at public auction; atcourt house door onSaturday, April 20th, 1912,at 11 o'clock a. m. Parties interested will do well to examine property asits location is ideal and would make asuitable place for either coal Or lumber business office, sheds and outbuildings in good repair.J. BENNETT TARR.Phones 490.PublicSaleOFHouse & LotHaving decided to locate elswehereI will sell, at public outcry onWednesday, April 24, 2912,at 2 p. -m., on the premises, myhouse and lot situated on. Parrishavenue, Henry Addition, Paris, Ky.' Ttnbuse contains five rooms, largestore room, pantry, two porches; waterand electricllights. Lot is 42x140 feet,and-has a nice chicken yard and hen'house.This prtpeuty is in good repair having been recently built, and is a verydesirable home or splendid investment,being located where property is in demand and increasing in value.TERMS Made known on day ofsale.M. H. HIGHLAND.Geo. D. Speakes, -Auctioneer.-Forfurther information call on-Harris & Speafces. -BARLOW.Squire James T. Barlow, agad 78years, one of the representative citizens of Bourbon county, died at hishome near Centervil!o:Friday eveningat 8:30 o'clock afttr an illness ofl several months.Mr. Barlow, a few hours before Jusdeath, was apparently as comfortableas he had been at any time during hisillness, and after reading a letter fromone ! of hiB . daughters jn Texas, conversed freely with hiB attendant,, butabout supper time he was attacked bya chill from the effects of which hefailed to rally.Mr.. Barlow was a native of Missouri, , having been born in Boonecounty, January 31, 1834, but he 4yedin Kentucky since 1846. He was theson of Martin B. and Fannie A. Barlow. His mother was the daughter ofJoseph Cantrill, Sr., and was born onthe farm where Justice Barlow livedand died.His grandfather was one of the pioneers of Scott county, having locatedthere in 1780. Squire Barlow .wasmarried in 1855 to MiBS Annie R.Lydick, daughter of Jacob Lydick, ofFayette county, who died 'November14. i911To. them were born five daughters,all of whom survive. Mrs. LeilaAmmermah, of San Antonio, Texas;Mrs Mollie Hill, of Texas; Mrs BettieStamps, Mrs Ella Winston and Mrs.Frankie Johnson; all of Cisco, Texas.Squire Bailow has been a magistrateof Bourbon county from the Centervillerprecinct since 1875, with the exception of two terms, and was a member of the Bourbon Fiscal court at thetime of his death. He was a man ofgreat integrity" and one whose judgment cousd always be relied upon.The funeral will take place at theresidence between Jacksonville andCenterville this morning at 11 o'clock,with the services conducted by Elder.J. T. Sharrard. , Burial in Old Unioncemetery.The following will be the. pall-bear-eraand they are the same who borethe body of Mrs. Barlow to the grave:Messrs. Thos. Fesler, J. Will Smith,John Shropshire, Will Cantrill, EjgeneRueker, Allison Barlow, Oscar Carrickand Will Lydic.DAVIS.A message received here Saturdaymorning announced the death of Mrs.Mary Brown Davis, wife of Mr. Edward. Davis, which occurred at Fresno,Cal. Mrs. Davis formerly lived inParis. She married Mr. Davis andwent to Nevada to live, later movingto California.Mrs. Davis is survived by her husband and one daughter, who lives withher father, one married son in LosAngeles, and three sisters, Mrs. ElizaFarley, Mrs. Maggie J ihnson and Mrs.Nannie Mauson, all former residentsof Parig.Their father, Mr. John Brown, onceowned all of the land from Mr. W. H.Renick's on High street, to Seventhstreet and running back to Houstoncreek including the site upon whichthe city school is now located.Awnings.For business, residence and porchawnings and shades callJ. J. ELLIS.Both Phones 207MATRIMONIAL.Mc'KEE HINKSTON.Me. Joseph McKee and MissNancye D. Hinkston, both of this city,were united in marriage at the courthouse in Lexington Friday by JudgeAbner Oldham. They were accompanied to Lexington by Mr. and Mrs.Dora Scott, of this city.Mr. McKee is a son of Mrs. AmandaMcKee, 'and is wire chief for theHome Telephone Company in thiscity. The bride is a former attache ofthe Home Telephone office and is adaughter of Mrs. Freeler Hinkston, ofthis city.Large Assortment.The largest and best assorted stockof rugs can be found at J. T. Hinton's.L. 4 N. Statement.Estimated operating revenues of theLouisville & Nashville Railroad Company for the first week in April, according to the report of ComptrollerCharles Haydon were $1,078,845, ascompared with $998,780 for the corresponding week of last year an increaseof $80,0b5.Refrigerator Time.Now is the time to think about thatnew refrigerator for this summer. Wehave the largest stock we have everbrought on. See the line, they are thekind that save ice.?. T. HINTON.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESJ.' O. Ralls, of Millersburg sold toMr. Stears. of near this city a pairof mules for 600.FOR SALE.-Forty tons of "baledhay PEALE COLLIER & CO.,Millersburts, Ky.John Duvall, of Clark, county, soldlast week to Ohio .parties his prizepair of mules for $600.' The mulescarried away several :blue ribbons atlast year's fairs and they were considered remarkable Jookers for three-year-olds.;'FOR SLAE One 4-year-old marein foal to jack. - .PEALE COLLIER & CO..Millersburg, Ky.kiup erass'fDastures are lookingfine and the grass is growing rapidly.!' . i . l.ti j l i 1Copiuos showers ine meter pare or mscweek helped the grass to a considerable extent and farmers, who, duringthe winter months were short on feedare welcoming t.Gardners, in the city and countryhave taken advantagpe of few days ofpretty weather last week to put intheir gardens, r Unseasonable weatherretarded the work and as a result allvegetation will be very late. Orchardsand grapw vines are being trimmedand all trees are in good ahape. Grassis coming up nicely and wheat, and ryeare looking much better than was expected. .iS25I,1From One of the BestMakers in the Land WeHave Just Received aFresh Shipment ofWomen's Suits in125Newest Models!IIa Here are the latest styles in Suits, incorporating up-to-the-last-minutefashion ideas in - materials, 'patterns?colors, trimming effects and proportions. The largest andfinest collection of 'high-grade Suits ever placed .at the disposal of the fair sex of Lexington. .The- newest Norfolk models- are. here. Also a greatarray of other correct "styles in . all the new colors; Materials comprise such accepted favorites, as. lightweight whipcords, narrow diagonals, soft French serges and variousother seasonable fabrics. Our assortment is so varied thatyou will.have.no difficulty to find just' the size and 'modalto fit you to perfection. ' sIn'these new Suits you will find a rare combination ofFashion, fit, service and moderate cost. All of the beautiful new effects are. here all refreshingly novel, all delightfully distinctive, yet thoroughly practical.Many exceedingly attractive values await your inspection, which are sure to appeal to you both for their beautyand sensibly moderate prices. See them now, for there Is.a great advantage in choosing while assortments are unbroken. At a Uniform Price ofWhite Suits, Blue Suits, Tan Suits and CountlessNovelty Suits.Wolf, Wile & Co.,Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, Ky.IIIJSelby' Royal Blue Shoes !The Only Popular Price Shoe in this Country.$2.50, $3.00, $3.50, $4.00, $5.00.Selby's Shoes are all Guaranteed, so they must givesatisfaction and they do give satisfaction. Everybody likes them that wear them, and everyone willlike them if only they give them a trial.The Selz GuaranteeThe name SELZ stamped on the sole of ashoe is a guarantee of absolute satisfaction. Hemember, your dealer is authorized to see thatyou get absolute satisfaction from every pair ofshoes bearing the markitLargest Makers of Good Shoes in the World.j.W9H. JOSSELSOIN, Sole Agt.Paris, KentuckyEasy Walking Shoe HousemmammmemmmammmmmmmmjDESIRABLE BUSINESS PROPERTY FORSALEPUBLICLYOn Thursday, AprU 25, 1912,afc2 o'clock p. m. on the premises, we will sell at public outcry the Mahanecproperty situated, corner .High and Eighth streets, Paris, Ky.r The property will be offered in three parcels, then as a whole, and bestbid accepted. -Lot No. 1 fronts 50 feet more or less on High street extending back 53feet more or. less on Eighth street and contains a two story brick business,house.Lots No. 2 and 3 front 25 feet each, on Eighth street and extends back between parallel lines 50 feet, more or less. ;This is very desirable property, centrally located and a splendid businessstandThe vacant lots are espeeially desirable as sites for business housesTERMS Ono-third cash, balance: in one and two years, deferred pavements bearing loterest at &pei cent per annum until paid. : rDon7t foiget the date. - - -. HARRIS & SPEAKES- jTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, -gAPRIL 12, 1912m BOURBON NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGNo Excursion Sunday.There will be no L. & N. excursionSunday to Cincinnati, but beginning onSunday April 28 cne will be run regularly every Sunday during the summermonths. "Seed Sweet Potatoes.Red Bermuda and' Brazilian SweetPotatoes. C. P . COOK & CO.Boots, Oxfords and Pumps.Plenty of white Newbuck boots forJadies, also oxfords and pumps, nowcn sale at Felds Shoe Store. tfWill Attend Meeting.The sixth annual Convention of theLjunty Superintendents of Schoolsvi.l bs held in Richmond on April 30i.id May 1, 2and 3. County Superintendent, Miss Mabel Robbins, of thisty will attend the convention.Fresh Seed.: 3 wer Seed3CHAS. E. BUTLER & CO ,Paris, Ky:. 3!ill Meet at Olympia Springs. -The mid-summer meeting ; Gf theKentucky Press Association will ber.e-d in Lousiville on June 10-15. Thisdecision was reached at a meeting ofi:e executive committee held in Louis?i last Thursday.Have it Put Aside.select your wall paper at J. T. Hint n's now and have it put aside.City Property at Auction.n opportunity to secure valuablet-jsiness property will be offered the1 jbiic on April 25, 1912, when the Ma:&ney property, corner Hig.i andF.;ghth Sts. will beso!d to the nighestl . J ler.Elegance and Good Taste Combined vin our spring clothes. 'You'll find justt"? suit to suit 3 ouatJ. W. DAVIS & CO'S.Lot Sale May 15.One of the prettiest building sites inParis is the old fair grounds. Thecwner of a large portion of thisbeautiful tract is Mr. John S. Jones.Mr. Jones is subdividing this propertyand will put on the market 25 of theprettiest lots ever offered in Paris.The date fo this sale has been set forWednesday, May 15. Wait for thiscale. Watch for the advertisement.Poultry Netting.We carry the cheapest and best lineof poultry netting that can be bought.Let us fill your order.9 4t LA'VIN & CONN ELL. 'Public Auction.The Mahaney property, consisting ofa brick business house and two vacantbuilding lots, corner High and EighthSts., will be sold to the highest bidderon April 25 at 2 p. m..Called Conclave.There will be a called conclave ofCoeur de Lion Commandery No. 26,Knights Templar, on Thursday, April18, at 4 o'clock p. m. for the purposeof conferring the Illustrious Order ofthe Red Cross on several .candidates.A banquet will be served by the ladiesof the Order of the Eastern Star at 6o'clock. A full attendance of themembers is requested.Seed Corn.White and yellow seed corn for sale.16-6t R. B. HUTCHCRAFTSpring UnderwearIn all weights to suit all- states oftbe weather 50 cents tha garment upm srdp.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Paris Negro Jailed in Lexington.Upon a charge of petit larceny,Pleasant Tribble, a negro, of this citywas arrested in Lexington Friday, ona warrant that has been pendingagainst him in that city for somelime. Tribble was arrested by patrolman Louis Rambrick, who was enroute to the police station with himwhen Tribble started to run. A livelyphase followed and the negro wasLnally captured.Nothing like Them.Our wall papers are exclusive thereare nothing like them this side of thearge cities. Look them over.l'2t BORLANUS.Injured by Fall From Ladder.hhile engaged in cleaning thepapering on the walls at the pool roomof Mann -& James Sunday morning,Ernest Towles fell from a step ladderwh'ch hroke through the flooring andsustained a sivere sprain of the rightanle. He was taken to the office ofDr. P; M. Faries where -his irjurlesJeceived attention and was later re-moved to his home in Fast Paris. :Hisjinjury m a severe one and will cDnhnehim to his bed for several weeks.Up to the Minute.It costs no more to have an up-to-datepapered rooms, than the old. styleif you come to16 2t BORLAND'S.Purchase Motor Cycles.Dr. Harry Mathers, Douglas Thomas,A. F. Frenberg ad Owen Gibson, ofthis city, clcssd a 'contract Saturdayfor the purchase of four motor cyclesfrom tbe firm of C. D. Calloway &Co., of Lexington. Ihe mscbints are1912 models of the Indian make Theywill be delivered in this city Thursday. Mr, Gibson, who is ajcarricr onone of the rural toa'es of this - cityw.ill use his machinecf carrying mail. 2for the purpose(PERSONAL MENTION.Miss Geraldine Herrin in quite illwith the mumps.Mrs. James R. Stivers is ill at herhome on High street.Dr. M. H Dailey has as his cuesfcDr. J. W. Jouett, of Eminence.Mrs. C. J. McLear is visitingfriends and relatives in Bristol, Tenn.Mrs. J. D. Burriaugh has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Cynthiana.Mr. RR.Mjall, of Chicago, is theguest of Mr. and Mrs. William Myall.. Mrs. Hadley Stone, of Versailles,was the guest Frfday of Mrs. Henryrower.Miss Bessie Brown, of Dayton,Ky., is the guest of- Mrs. H.. J.Grosche.Mr. and Mrs. R.0. Turner has retjrned from Florida, where they Spentthe winter.-Miss Sue Horton is recoveringfrom a serious illness at her home oncypress street.'Mr. and Mrs. John Clark, of Phoenix, Ara., have returned to Paris tospend the summer.Miss Mabel Robbins, was theguest Sunday of her brother, Mr.C. C.Robbins, in Winchester.Master Garland O'Neal, son of Mr.and Mrs. Frank O'Neal is recoveringfrom an attack of tonsolitis.Miss Kate Alexandpr was tneguest Saturday of her sister, Mrs.Hughes Bronstnn, in Lexington.Miss Flossie Staggs, of'Vancebur, is the guest of her sister, Mrs.M. J. Heller, on Lilleston Ave.Mrs. Samuel McGlure, who hasbeen the guest of her motherv MrsS. A.. Tuu, in Carlisle, has returnedhome.Mrs. Robert Goggin entertainedwith an informal luncheon and cardparty at her home on Houston Avenue.Friday.Mrs. Harry Clay entertained theSewing Club, Friday afternoon, instead of entertaining at cards as wasannuunced.Miss Alleen Powers, will entertainWednesday with a luncheon at her Jhome in honor of Miss Hutchcraft andMiss Woodall. 'Mrs. James Connelly hss returnedfom Lexington where she has beenunder treatment for several weeks fornervousness.Dr. B. M. Shive, riastor of thePresbyterian church in this city, will.eave Thursday for Elizavill'e to attendthe Presbytery.Z Mrs. J. T. Sharrard of this city,continues quite ill at the home of herparenty, Mr. and Mrs. WilliamGriffith, in Cynthiana.Mrs. Grover Baldwin, and littledaughter, who have been the guestsof Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Shipp, in Cynthiana, have returned home.Mr. Louis Fee, who has been toMt. Sterling for several days recouperating. from an illness of typhoidfever returned home Saturday.Misses Margaret and Joe Davis,entertained with a .linen, shower inhonor of Miss Katherine Davis yesterday at their home in Lexngton.Mr. and Mrs. John Davis w.ill entertain with a dinner party on Thursday, the twenty-third, in complimentto the Davis-Craig bridal party.Mrs. L. W. McKenney and littledaughter Louise, have returned totheir home in Covington, after apleasant week with their relatives.Mrs. C. O. Hinton and littledaughters Nellie and Elizabeth, havereturned from a visit to Prof, andMrs. Robert Hinton, in Georgetown.Miss Katherine Davis, of thiscity, was the guest of honor at a dinner party given" by Mrs. Rodney Withers at her home in Cynthiana Friday.Mrs. James B. Franklin, daughter,Elizabeth and son, Clark, of Winchester, are visiting Mrs. Franklin's brother, Mr. Everett Clark, on High street.Miss Alleen Power will 'entertainwith luncheon Wednesday for MissEmily Woodall, of Covington, whois the guest of Miss Mary FithianHutchcraft.Miss Katherine Withers cf Lexington, will entertain Saturday afternoonat her home on High street in honorof Miss Katherine Davis, of Paris,the bride-elect.-Mrs. Harry B. Clay entertainedFriday morning at her home on Duncan Avenue with a sewing' party.There were about thirty-five ladiespresent. A delicious luncheon wasserved at noon.Mrs. W. E. Ellis, of Cynthiana,wife of the pastor-elect of the ParisChristian church was in Paris Fridaymaking preparations to move to thiscity. Elder Ellis will take charge ofthe Paris church Gn May 1.Miss Martha Ferguson and Mr.and Mrs. Robert Ferguson, of nearthis city, attended the Sigma Alphai Ensilon fraternity dance at LexingtonI - . tti t mFnday nigiic. miss rerguson ana ivir.William Thieaing led the grand nu.Ji.Mrs.W. G. McCJintock entertainedat her home on Pleasant street Saturday with a luncheon and card party.Upon the" arrival of the guests at oneo'clock a delightful luncheon wssserved consisting, of -creme de volewith, mushroom dressing, brains inpatty shells, asparagus on toast, radishes, tomato and cucumber salad,- green peppers stuffed", with pimentocheese, hot rolls, beaten oiscuits, icesmints and coffee. The head table wasdecorated with a huge .bunch 'of pinkcarnations which after the games wasawarded as first prize to Mrs. W.- Ed.Tucker. Miss Clara Bacon receivedthe consolation prize, a deck of cards.Those, present were: Mrs. Will Bedford and Mrs. Collier of Lexington,Miss Mary Agnes Purnell, Millersburg ; Mrs. Robert Meteer, Hutchison; Mrs. Withers Davis, Miss MacieTalbott, Miss Clara Bacon, Mrs. AmosTurhey, Mrs. Horace Collins, Mrs.E. .M. Dickson, Mrs. Swift Champ,Mrs. Thompson Tarr, Mrs. RobertGoggin, Mrs. Wm. Hinton, Mrs. Albert Hmtoj, . Mrs. Ford Brent, Mrs.Prank Clay. Miss May Colville, Mrs.Ed. Tucker .Mrs. Thernwell Tadlnck,Mrs. Leila-Cowav.Mrs; Forrest Let-rt on, Mrs. Curtis Talbott and Mrs. M.1H. Dailey.Mr. John Mansfield, who has beenvisiting relatives in Danville returnedFriday to this city. Mr. Mansfield leftyesterday morning for Ontario, Cal.,to locate.The following handsomely engraved invitations have been issued to out-of-townftiends and relatives :Mr. and Mrs. George A. Rassenfcssinvite you to be presentat the marriage of their, daughter,Katherine Elizabeth-to' .Mr. Albert S. LyonsWednesday morning, April twentyfourth Nineteen hundred and twelveat nine o'clockChurch of the Annucatibn,Paris, Kentucyk.Paris Defeats Wiedemann Team.In the first exhibition game, of theseason the Paris team defeated theWiedemann club, of Cincinnati Sundayafternoon at White Park by a score of8 to 4. The contest was of a ratherslow-variety and the condition of theground, which was a trifle muddy,afforded only a fair, opportunity ofjudging what the Bourbonite recruitswere able to do. -Manager Lewis.worked two pitchars in the contestMeyer and Blanke'nship the formeroccupying the mOund in the first threeinnings while the latter- finished thegame. The absende of enough men tomake up he team compelled managerLewis to use two pitchers in the outfield, Popkin in left and Woods incenter.The locals laid claim to the contestin the first inning when on a numberof passes and three hits they countedseven runs. Myers, wljo. pitched intne opening session, allowed hut threehits and one run. Blankenship whowent the remainder of the route, opened up badly in the fourth, allowingthree hits which counted two runs forthe visitors. Settling down he waspractically invincible and held hisopponents safely until the nin'h whenanother run was counted. The score:Paris 7 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 x-8Wiedemann ,.0 0120000 14BatteriesParis, Myers, Blankenshipand Meyer; Wiedemann Thomas, Binder and Mackey. Hits Paris, 7, Wiedemann 8. Two base hits popkinihree basa hitsApplegate. EnorsParis 3, Wiedemann 3 Double playsBenton to Howard to Campbell. Stolenbases Applegate,. Biritun, . Binder,Finzell. Sacrifice Fly SandmanStruck out by Myers 6, Thomas 5,Binder 3, Blaenship 3.. Base on, ballsoff Myers 3, Biakenship 2, Thomas 1,Binder 3. Hit by pitcher Benton,Binder. Wild pitch Biakenship. Passballs Myers 2. Umpire Elgin.FOR SALE.Counters and Show Cases.CHAS. E. BUTLER & CO.,Opp. Court House, Paris, Kv.15-3tPARIS GRAND.Thursday,April18The Last Big Attractionthe Season.ofOFFICIAL0URNA'EXCLUSIVEPRICESLower Floor 50cBalcony 35cGallery 25 cSeats on sale at Mitchell &Blakemore's.-i.C 21 2i I IAWith a .iple capital andex-cellent epuipment built up by25 years of successful bankingexperience, theThe Bourbon Bank andTrust Co.Paris, Kentucky,in it3 Trust Department offersypu its service at a very smallcost to act as Executors or Adrmnistrators of your estate, andTrustee or Guardian ; also in allFiduciary Capacities.We -will aid y.ou in makinginvestments".We vrilb guard you againstlosses.' .. ; "We will conserve your estatefor your children.. We pay 3- per. cent, on timedeposits.Capital Stcck (fully . paid) ,flOO.OCO.OO. 'Surplus and Undivided Profits(earned), 146,000.00.Bourbon fimk 3 Trust Co.,Paris. Kv. 'IIIIml&nUNTINCAEROPLANLjJf IT k I HYDROPLANE FLIGHTSt 1 1 A I Y THRILLING HORSEMANSHIPliJvOllC ERUPT IQKA Home at Auction.Read advertisement in anothercolumn for description of the beautiful cottage to be scld by M. H. Highland on April 24. Sala at 2 p. m. Talkto Harris 6 Speakes about it. It willmake a splendid investment. td"Roxie" Daol$!De Insurance JfeentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,' Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helloi 137IhlS lowest-nriredVictor-Victrola has thesame .exquisite richnessand mellowness of tonewhich distinguish the moreexpensive types of thisgreatest of all musicalinstruments.Come in and hear it.Hear the larger VictorVictrolas, too -the $ioo,$150, $200 and $250models.J.ItNew thingsDAUGHERTYBROSISpecial Showing of fLace Curtains and DraperiesNow is the Time to Make Your Selections mBefore the Best Numbers Are Gone'I am in a position to show you the largest and best assortedstock m this, part of tjae State. I make a specialty of tlTisdepartment and .can save you money. All of our curtainsare bought direct from the manufacturers, therefore cutting out the middle-man profit. Many numbers I buy inlarge' quantities, say fifty and hunSred pairs of a singleprice..;and give you. the benefit of the saving.. Curtainssold heretofore at$ 2.00 now$1.50 $ 6.50 now $5.00230 now 1.75 7.50 now 6.503.50 now 2.50 lO.OOnow 7.505.00 now 4.00 1 2.50 now 1 O.OOWe have in stock any kind, any price and if you giveus the opportunity will please you.W. EdAgent Butterick PatternsALWAYS THE NU. .1IFee's CashTuesday and3 BarsLenox Soap for 1 Oc.3 Boxes. iViatches for 1 Oc.3 BoxesArgo Starch for 1 0c.COFFEEChase & Sanborn's Special Blend Coffee,(has no equal) 30c per lb.TEA ;"Zamora" Blend Tea, per box 10c.FEE'SmmmWill Be Our Pleasure to ShowT.HintonTAe Eftglander Couch BedPATENTED. Couch Bed, partly open showing the one motion;' . needed totransform it to a bed.JThis is Undoubtedly the The Greatest Sanitary Couch -EverfVIade. Wont You Come in and SeeThem Demonstrated? -The new. Spring styles in Go-Carts areMy prices are right and so are the styles.exhaustive. Get one and take baby out.every - day. in BHirniture, Rugs andWall Decorations5Tucker I1OJJCUdl,WednesdayIIYou3r -. how on'display.hV assortment isV- - .i, -srITHE BOURBON NEWS PATOIS, KENTUCKY; APRIL iS 1912.illI?it1 1" T :A K1 -1 VWindowLook much better,last longer!Furnish your windows with shadesof BrenlLa and they'll always do youjustice. For Brenlin always hangsetraight and smooth contains ' no6how unsightly pin holes. It outlasts several ordinary shades, yet costsbut a trifle more.nnrKII IK! Is made In many, artisticDrvUlNLUM tones and in Brenlin Duplex colored one Bide, white the other.Como In and let us euow you tamplee andquote prices.For Sale by J. T. HintonTWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentVictory to -Cheerful Spirit.To face life brightly as. may be., tole.arn to laugh at minor troubles, tocultivate p. sen.se of humor, all thesemean fewer "wrinkles and a longeryouth. The Budget knows well one 'gallant woman upon whom troubleafter trouble has been heaped, andwho yet is beautiful at an age whenmany have laid aside every thoughtof trying to be' otherwise than -"de-centlycovered," and who -is fightingthe battle of life, while her .contemporaries are knitting by a fireside.New York Tribune.All the Latest Ideas inmmNow On DisplayAre Learning Right Ways.An English lady, long resident InTokyo, ohce wrote to a friend thatthe impulse of her Japanese maids Isalways to sew on cuffs frills andother similar things topsy turvy andinside out. Since the publication of,such reports the art of needleworkhas been greatly improved In Japan.Several of the English methods havebeen taught with great success, ifonly to judge by the lovely drawnthread work sold In great, quantitiesIn Great Britain.Ancient Vaults, Exposed.During heavy rains in Kildarecounty, Ireland, a portion- of the wallsof historic Kildare abbey, Castledermot, became undermined and fell,when it was discovered that underneath were vaults in which wereskulls and human remains. It is calculated that "these remains have beenthere .for the last'' eight centuries,since the time the, abbey was a monastery. . vL. WOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.L. & N. TIFIE-TAEBLIN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.34 Atlanta,Trains -ArrrveFROM v . .'Ga., Daily : 5 21am134 -Lexington, Ky., Daily .- 4.34am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday.". 7.35 am7 Maysyille, Ky., Daily Except Sunday v......... .7.38 am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday Y-.'T 7.55 am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 am37 Cincinnati, O., DBily : 9:50 am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , 10.20 am12 Lexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 am26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. ..v.. .-. . ..,..12.00 am25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pm138 Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pm38 Knoxville,Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5.25 pm39 Cincinnati, O , Daily Except Sunday 4 5.40 pm30 Lexington, Ky. , Daily . v . ...... .? ..... G,03 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday. 6.03 am32 Jacksonville. Fla., Daily r. . -. : .... .6 05pm-131 Cincinnati , O . , Daily 10 : 50 pm' ' Trains 'ID e -part .? .W6. fx ) 'to -.. V -&r&),34 Cincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 am29 -Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am- 40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday T '. . . .8.20 air10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 8.20 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily ..9.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn. , Daily . .-. 0.55' am33 Jacksonville, Fla. , Daily : .' 10.24 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily ' ' '. 6 Maysville, K. , Daily rr .26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .".25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday38 Cincinnati, O., Daily .. '. :::y. r.9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ,.39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday .......v32 'Cincinnati, O., Daily8 Mavsville, Ky., Dailv Except Sunday30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday G.25 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.55 pm. 13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57 pHIstoryRepeats Itself.Not long since a 'restaurant wasstarted on Tenth- street just north ofMarket. It was called "the Napoleon,"and the name' was on the window inlarge letters. When the place failednot long after starting, some cruelwag 'chalked under the word, "Napoleon" "at Waterloo." Pittsburg' Dispatch.Grandfather Holds the Record.There has been much progress, ofcourse, but still we doubt if the youngman who licks up the ground with asix-cylinder snorter thinks any moreof himself than did his sturdy grandfather who could make four yokes ofoxen perform in front of a big load offreight out of old Jefferson; Galveston News."fijSmM Lyman H. Howe's Travel Festival atZ wJQB The Paris Grands Thursday, April 18.II Bourbon Garage & Supply Co.TTVYyTyTTYVTTTTTyTTTVVTTVVftftfftffyOfattffafftftffftfatfaASearches for Buried Treasure.A countess who lives near Komejs .carrying on a search for burled treas-ure.- She found in her library an oldmanuscript,.- wTherein was told of a Jtreasure burled In her land, and di-!rections given for the excavations. A ISpiritualist Is said to have informedthe- countess that the words of themanuscript are true.xniHiiiffrYou can buyBONDS AND STOCKSwith savings, making partial payments. The excess income overinterest helps pay balance. Ask forbooklet Opportunity."W. E. HUTTON & CO. 5niiOl linilUOML DHillY DLUUiCINCINNATI610.27 am12.05 pm:.. 12.04 am3.34 pm3.4o pm: . . .-5.52 pmo.,57 pm6.10 pm..0.15 pm' ' - - IN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trains ArriveNo. " FROM--,2 Frankfort, Ky. , Daily Except Sund a 8. 13 am. 4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday - H.40 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pm': 162 touisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10. 00 pmTrains IDepart-No. TO'l'Gl Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only 7.10 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday .'9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky Daily Except Sunday : 5.52amVULCANffr PLOWSMa& The Vulcan Plow Co.;EVANS VI LLE, IND.Well Finished, Strong, Durable, Light Draft.Rib Strengthened Mold, Full Chilled Shihpiece, InterlockedPoint, Land and Standard. Point has Face Chill, Wide EdgeChill, Long Snoot Chill, Patented Extension and is theSTRONGEST and MOST DURABLE Chilled Point Made.When Buying a Plow, Consider Quality First, Price Second.One of the Many PopislaShapes That We Are ShowingA moderatelj7 priced one, too.If you are. looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome-display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsthis season. to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Cqrne Watson Baird.Genuine Plows and Repairs for Sale Only byBourbon Garage & Supply Co.Cor, 4th and High Sreets,Paris, KentuckyReach for Them. 'Great things are just ahead of you,but you. must reach out 'for them.Horace Fletcher.Poor Interest.Other people may be interested inpour troubles, but if they are theirInterest isn't likely to be worth much.No License on That. Journey.There is no car line to heaven. Ifyou find yourself sitting down as youjourney you are not on the way.Christian Herald.Don't Go Together.."I has noticed," said Uncle Ehen,"dat a man very seldom has a swelledhead and a big heart at one -an desame time."FRUIT AND SHADE TREES!Strawberry Plants, GrapeVines, Asparagus; Rhubarb, Roses, Peonies andPhlox everything for theOrchard, Lavvn and Garden. Catalog free. Noagents.H, F. .Hillenmeyer & Sons,Lexington, Kentucky3ENotice! Poultry Raisers11-44CURESCholera. Gaoes. Limberneck. Rbuti. Canker..Diarrhoea and all Diseases, or PoultryNOXE AS GOODSO OUSE 2TO PATMiaKati Rrvn Ran!mim t?v ..v.. "I 1 ....J P-TrV. 4.1 1.44 (of VMM ud fKJnle ! I lkf hetry remedjrxnade. 1 1 cures gapca and limbemeck without fil.mCooraet. Buttttown. K v.. cart: On Amn cS Rrrioe 4-1 1-44 droDDcd down the bill of a cacinaIti tbeiet preventive 1 have ever used."poultWchicken kUk the worm and relieves the chick instantly.Mfg. aid Guirutee by J. RobL Crumc, Bardstswn, Ky. Price 50c at a!! Druggists.SOLD BYDon't Suffer!" I had been troubled, a little, for nearly 7 years," writesMrs. L. Fincherin a letter from Peavy, Ala., "but I wasnot taken down, until March, when I went to bed and hadto have a doctor. He did all he could for me, but I got nobetter. I hurt all over, and I could not rest. At last, I triedCardui, and soon I began to improve. Now I am in verygoo'' '?alth, and able to do all my housework."Cardui WomatfsTdnicYou may wonder why Cardui is so successful, afterother remedies have failed. The answer is that Cardui issuccessful, because it is composed of scientific ingredients,that act curatively on the womanly system. It is a medicinefor women, and for "women only. It builds, strengthens, andrestores weak and ailing women, to health and happiness.If you- suffer like Mrs Fincher did, fake Cardui. Itavill surely, do for you, what it' did for her. At all druggists.Writtto: tidiesVAdvisory Dept; Chatfaaoofia Medicine Ce., Chattanooga, Tcnn.,"j for 3hcmX lHstntctM, awf 64-page book, "Hoaw TrtatseAt for Women," aestiree.C7E. BUTLBR&CO.THE BOURBON NEWS,, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRlL i 1512roors rut on26 Years Agoare as good as new, and havenever needed repair neverneed attention of any kind, except an occasional coat of paintMETALSHINGLESmmm aimI Ml 1 1 1 IMIIiHIStorm-proof Fire-proof Iifhtninf-proof)Don't buy that roof for the new building, or re-roof the old,until you have examined the Cortright Metal Shingles.For Sale by Miller & fcest, Millcrsburg, Ky.lLocanda2:02The Fastest Son of Allerton 2:09Sired by Allerfcori 2:09, tbe world's leading sire of standard performers;-dam Kathanna (great brood mare), by Alcyone 2:27; second dam KatieJackson; by Almont 33. Holder of world's pacing record, 1)4 miles, 3:15XTERMS: $50 TONSURE A LIVING FOAL.Peter Biiliken (3) 2:16 1-4Son of Peter The Great 2:07,leading sire of futurity winners, dam Baron Lassie, by Baron Wilkes 2:18.Winner of 6-heat race against aged horses.Terms: $50 to Insure a LivingJFoal.(2) 2.19. s of Black Wig 2:07, Remorseful '2:08X, Dorcas H. 2:08, 'Betsy G.2:l6, Katherine A. 2:11 (Ky. Futurity winner 1902), Bessie Brown 2-.12J4,Nedra W. 2:14, Rena Wise 2:15, Sheeney 2:15), Wig Wag 2:16X, (champion of Europe) Durgee 2:19, and twenty-three others in 2:30 list. .$25 To Insure a Living Foal.The celebrated James E. Clay jack, will make the season at Maplehurst StockFarm. TomJRIack is the best breeder of mules that euer stood in the county.$1 2 to Insure a Living Foal JW. A. BACON, Paris, Ky.Woodland Stock Farm.Headquarters for Draft HorsesBLACK PRINCENo. 48710.$15 to Insure, ...BLACK PRINCE Bought of the.Greenville Stock Farm, .is a splendidtype of the draft horsey three yearsold, black Percheron, 17C0 pounds in.weight, as proven to be a sure foal'getter and is'the kind of - horse thatwill appeal to your fancy' both in.3ooks and work. You canmake nomistake in breeding to him.IIj Black Percheron,Wt. 1760$15 to Insure,'BURL EY is st splendid specimen of thedraft horse and his get have provento be of the very best. There is a steadilyjgrowing demand for the class of"horses ptoduci&d Dy3arleyyboth uponthe farm and-ln. the oitiesjjM They canrstandmprawo th'anJtiie general runof horaes.Burleydsii7- years old, abeautiful black. He is well formed.and of the class, that catches the eye.In delecting a horse to breed to, selectjtone whose1 produce commandsthefcest price.The above horses will make the seasoifof 1 91 2sat Wood-land Stock Farm -V - :About 7 miles North of.Paris on the Cynthianapike.IMoney due when colt isfoaled, mare transferred or bred to other stock without "my consent. Jjienretained on all colt3until seasbn'money is paid. Care taken to-prevent accidents but no responsibility assumed should a'njcioccur.'-STERLING HINKSON, Lair, Kentucky.OONSTANZA 44739Bay Stallion, 16.1 .hands; 1,20? pounds. ,Sired by Coristantine 2:12 1-2.. ' Sire of . 0 in -2:30.1 dam Katherine Rogers bv Sentinel Wilkes 2499(Dam of Senorita, trial 2:08; rec, (Son of Geo. Wilkes 519 i2:14, Ashlawn, 2:24K, Joe Alverton . "2:26, Nutlawn trial 2 :12X ' . .- - . - V ' ,2 dam BerthaRogers. by Pretender 1453 'Dorris Wilkes'. .'. . . . , 2. 1454 - i t I . 1 1Bedelia.3...in.u .... .2:14?$Jf ay uiri ... . ...:; . . . ; .a :Granflam nf 2 irT9Sn3 dam Lela Sprague h7 &vo: Sprague 2 :iDAM OFEdna Simmons. .2:1254 ---.-Belle Sprague ....."!.. .2:20, trial 2:10 . . . -: .jranaam oisinzu , - - .4 dam Constance by HamieU60 . . . . .DAM OP - rfTt1 Brooklawn 2:182 Jim Long, sire of 2 in 2:30 . . " , 3'3 Elinora, dam of Bay of Victor 2:30 - '4 Winnie Constance, dam of Ethel -, ;Ray 2:225 ". " ' ' -5 Mudra,lam of Mudrjna 2:266 Black Walnut, sire of 1. . , m,nA. '5 dam .by L. I. Black Hawk 24CONSTANZA will make present season at Brooklawn Farm "2 miles eastfrom Hutchison Station 6 miles' south, from. Paris on Bethlehem pike.$10 to Insure a Live Colt.OABE;BLACK JACK ' '$10.00 to fnsura a live colt. Season money due when colt comes-alive.Mares transferred, parted with or removed from county. Accidents of everykind at owner's risk. . xP. BURBRIDGE, HMtoMsorKr. ,Xexiactpn E. TenrJ Phcre 90S AtSLUE LIGHT AN' ANESTHETICEastern Scientist Has Demonstratedthe Fact in a Thorough Series .of Experiments."One of the most Temarkable actionsof light has recently come to our attention," says the editor of the Journal of Surgery. "In an address beforethe Boston Physio-Therapeutic society Dr. E. C. Titus has demonstratedthat blue light possessed remarkableanesthetic power."In his experiments he used a seriesof slender glass rods about one-eighthof an inch in thickness, placed sideby side and tied together so as toform a kind of flexible mat whichwill adapt itself to various parts ofthe body. The glass must be of cobalt blue and transmit no red rays,this being a very important point.The rods are to be placed upon thearea to be anesthetized, and someform of white light, preferably a tungsten lamp, brought as closely as possible without causing discomfort."Strange to relate, in twenty minutes the part becomes insensitive, sothat superficial .and even- deep incisions or punctures are no longer felt.This anesthesia lasts for one:half houror more, and has occurred so constantly that there is no reason to believethat it is the result of suggestion oraccident. Minor surgical operationshave been performed under this method and without the least pain or discomfort, and there seems to beenough in it to merit attention."More than thirty years ago thereprevailed what was afterwards termedthe blue glass craze. All sorts of ailments were thought to be amenableto the action of blue light, and thenewspapers were filled with glowingaccounts of cures. Enthusiasm ranriot for a time and 'then the matterdropped out of sight."Some time later there was a revival of interest in phototherapy whenFingen demonstrated the curativeproperties of the ultra-violet ray invarious affections, especially lupus.Since then the physiological action oflight has been carefully investigatedand although much remains to belearned, there can be no doubt that weare nearer to an appreciation of itspossibilities in the treatment of disease."Our Life's Story.Very often "the success which attended our early efforts turns its backupon us in later years, and while for atime we may try to -continue in detailthe story of our alternate hopes andfears, our victories and our defeats,we soon realize that the record is asorry one, and we feel ashamed to continue its recountal. We forget theearly promises we made to be sincerein the matter of making up our record,and because the story Is not one ofunalloyed success and prosperity wegrow disloyal to our better selves andbelieve that by making no furtherentries in our diaries we bring themto a close. Just as we recall to memory in later years, however, thesmall volumes of our early youth, withtheir interrupted stories, we are pronealso to look deeply into the record wehave written in the real diary of life.It was Barrie who saTdsthat "the lifeof every man is a diary in which hemeans to write one story and writesanother, and his humblest hour iswhen he compares the volume as it iswith what he vowed to make it."We cannot release ourselves fromthe obligation of writing the diary ofour lives. We make - the recordswhether we are willing or not, and foreach hour andi day of the year of lifegiven to us here on earth there is afaithful entry made. CharlestonNews and Courier.British island Reclaimed by Dutch.Canvey Island, which is again coming into prominence in .connectionwith the proposal to establish a greatwharf there, is one of the pieces ofEngland which were reclaimed for usby the Dutch. At one period the island was covered with water at hightide, but early in the seventeenth "century Cornelius Vermuyden, the famousDutch engineer, who was afterwardknighted 'by Charles I, reclaimed several thousand acres, by the construction of a system of seawalls. Thewalls' are' still there, but where arethe Dutchmen who made them? Cornelius-Vermuydenbrought over workmen from Holland and many are, known to have stayed here, but nowtheir names have disappeared entirely, from Canvey at least. Westminster Gazette..TheAftermath. .The great bairhad been given, andMrs. Noovo was running over the billswith her husband. When it was"found that they totaled $10,000 Mr.Noovo winced. "."By ginger, Maria!" he ejaculated,"ten thousand dollars is a pile 6'money.""We have to do it, Silas, to get intosociety," replied Mrs. Noovo."Well," said the old man, scratchinghis head, "judgin" from results itdon't seem ..to me that we're gettin'into society quite so much as societyis gettin' into us." Harper's Weekly.Na Raaiti Transacted on Sunday.I-Boy Got the Penny.At a country school in the Midlandsthe head master saidt ,?Now, boys, Iwill give aiienny to the first lad whocan ask me a question which I cannotanswer." -i Q..1 J n ...occiBi uiou vuisuccesBiuiiy, untilone boy asked him: "Please, sir, ifyou. stood up to. your "neck in soft mudand I threw a 'stone at your head;.rould you duck?" . . , . tThe question remained unanswered.rldeaa."" , ". ' . i 'ECHQSFROM CARLISLECarlisle Happenings AlwaysInterest Our ReadersAfter reading of so many people inour town who have been cured byDoan's Kidney Pills, the questionnaturally arises: "Is this medicineequally successful in our neighboringtowns?' The generous statement ofthis Carlisle resident leaves no roomfor doubt on this point.R. L. Curtis.f Policeman, ChestnutSt.. Carlisle, Ky., says: "I tell everyone know about the merits of Doan'sKidney Pills. I am glad to confirmthe statement I made in 1908 in theirprise. Any person who follows, blacksmithing for any length of time, tslikely to have kidney trouble, as thiswork weakens the back and kidneys.1 had a bad case of back ache and mybladder became'inflamed. I finally began using Doans' Kidney Pills, andthey acted splendidly, soon giving merelief."For sale by all dealers. Price 5Qcents. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo.New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the narce Doan's-andtake no other.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESThe amount of tax collected inMontgomery county during the pastyear to meet the claims of farmers forsheep killed by dcgs wsk $1,000.Claims granted to owners amounted inthe aggregate to the sum of $715.15.All the claims were paid in full.May Overton, the noted .horsemenof .Nashville, Term., purchased lastweek of John S. Wyatt, of Mt. Sterling, the celebrated show fhorse andsire, McD.onald Chief, which has beenshipped to Mr. Overton's Traveler'sRest Stock Farm, near Nashville, thejhorse is one of the most famous ofKentucy sadlde atallicns?. He was thesire of Dandy Jim. The price obtained for the horse was 2,500.On May 1 the sheep quarintine inKentucky will be lifted on all countieswest and south of the Green and Barren Rivers and all counties that havebeen successful in eradicating thesheep diseases. Government andState authorities are co-operating inan effort to eradicate the disease in allcounties where it new prevails andhope to have the work completed inthe near future,The Flemincsburg Times-Democratsays: "Quite a gocd deal ofinterest was shown last week in a pairof fancy muhs sold by E.J. Torsey toJasper Gregg, of Ohio.' They were16 1-2 hand3 high, perfectly matched,and weighed 2,700.One of these muleswas by Doraey Bros.' renowned jack,out of a mare owned by Willam Planck.The pair brought $525, and were,pronounced by many to be the bestteam that ever left Flemingsburg."Gone and Weil-Nigh Forgotten.An anxious inquirer wants to knowwhat has become of the old-fashionedman who used to go to the penitentiary after being found guilty? Toledo Blade.Fortunes in Faces.There's often much truthjin the saying "her facets her fortune," but itsnever said where pimples, skin eruptions, blotches or other blemishes disfigures it. Impure blood is back ofthem all and shows the need of Dr. JKing's New Life Pills. They promotehealth and beauty. Try them. -25c atOberdorfer's.KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."Hourly High Speed . Through. Service. .tsParis Lexington - Frankfort. Division.Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Ver 'sailles and Frankfort every hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m.,and at 10 p. m., the last car goingonly as far as Versailles.Cars leave Lexington for Versailles' and Frankfort, and for Paris everyhour on the hour from -6 a. m.. until7 p, m., and at 9 and 11 p. nr., thelast car going only as far as, Versailles. "Cars leave Frankfort- for Versailles,Lexington And Paris ev&ry thirtyminutes after the hour from 6:30 a.m. until 7:30 p. m., and at 10:30 p.m., the last car going only as iaras Lexington.GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTONNICHOtiASVILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexingtonand Nicholasville every forty-fiveminutes after the hour from 5:45 a.m. until 6:45 p. m., and 8:05 and10:05 p. mfCars leave Lexington for Georgetownevery hour on the liour from 6 a. muntil 7 p. m. and at 9 and It p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville every thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m, until 7:30 pm. and at 9:30 p. m. and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville 'for Lexington and Georgetown every fifteenminutes after the hour froni 6:15 a.m. until 2:15 p. m. and 10;15 p. m..Fast Freight ServicelBetween-F tofton,- Versalli, Frank' fort, GeorcretownTid? fri Tn'fiMrm adiate Points. Freight A fcent'iTeUESr U1Q r"0e NewMIHItlllllllflHtlHA AI f I I 11 J 1 J 1 1 I 1 I I I 11 1 I TAa 9 m Um"KmMMWJob PrintingWORE DONEWHENPROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!itTRE J9B ReOfflS OFTHE . ,ByRBNNewsAre prepaired to do .the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,"CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.,1 8?Let us figure with' you onon your next workOur facilities are the best,-havingjust installed two of the latest i'mproved Chandler & PriceN JobPresses come .ar.ound andbsee themOur type is neyahd modernfaces.Cfte Bourbon news,104 Issues a Yean for$2.00.Adveitisingrates reasonable and madeknown on application.! . ' THE BOPRBON 'flEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY? APRIL l6 1912iXIt-MILLERSBURG ITEMS." i rNotice to Builders.There is a city ordinance requiringpersons erecting new building, or additions,..or changing, old ones, to obtain first a permit that must begrant-;- ed-by the City Council at a regular-jneetmg.f I nis ordinance nas neen ignorea 10such an extent -that it will be necessary to enforce it strictly.The penalty for building wtho'ut apermit is $5 each day such buildingproceeds without -permit. -The public is hereby noiified thatth e" ord i na nee w i I 1. b e. b trir tly 'enforced,in the future. : " .If any building or improvement jscontemplated the permit should besecured before hand at a regular Council meeting as there, .is, ;no otherauthority for-granting it.J..T. HINTON -"Mayor,r"Ce B0tne of Correct Toot wear.DAN COHEN!Let Us Solve TheISpringFootwearProblem For You!We have everything that is correct and beautifulAll the Latest Popular Spring Stylesare included We have the latest model inPumps in Satin, Gun Metal, Patents, Tansand White Nu-Buck. These Pumps aremade on special improved lasts that fit thearch and are none-slips-off . It will be a veryeasy matter for you to select your Footwearfrom our great assortment We guarantee tosave you money Come in and get posted.Specials Tils netLadies' White Nu-Buck, 16-button Boots, made onthe popular broad high-toe last. While they last,only,S2.99a cool andWhileVillLadies' White Canvas Button Shoes,comfortable Shoe for Spring and Summer.they last, only$1.89Ladies' Tan, Gun Metal and Kid Oxfords in lace orbutton. While they last, only$1.99Misses' White Canvas Button Shoes. While they-last, onlyS1.49We have the largest selection in White Footwearfor Ladies, Misses and Children, in this city at agreat saving.ISee Our Great Line of Ladies'Pumps and Colonials THeyAre in the Lead.DAN COHEN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky. nBeautiful Decorations.The '(TecqratiphV ' tor the Knight'sTemplar conclave to bexheld here onMay 23 'na: 30 ;will be, the mostgorgeous "ever seen here on a likeoccasion. The committee on decoration, with Mr. Thomas Allen, chairman, after receiving bids from siveralprofessional decorators decides fo letthe contract for the street jjdecoratior.sto the Wm. Beck & Sons Co., of Cincinnati Ohio. ,f There will beithirty hpes of artistically draped bunting, flags and emblems across the main street betweenSecond and Tenth. The Committee .ondecocratons a.lso'wish to announce thatthey nave succeeded in obtaining theservices of the .Heck & Sons Co., totake care of the decoration on privatestores, residences, etc. Before placing your order kindly give them acall as you will find that they havesome very beautiful nd appropriatedesigns to select from and the priceswill certainly be within reason in factthey have been put within the reachof all as it is the wishof te Committee that every house in Paris be decorated. The decorations will be put upon a rental basis. Call Mr. Thos.Allen, Chairman jot the decoraticnCommittee. Phone 45. 16-2tSentenced to the Reform School.Harry Prebble, aged 16 years, senof Mrs. M. E. Prebnle, of this city,was sentenced to the reform schcolSatuiday by Squire L. J. Frttwell until he attained his majority. YoungPrebble has been an offender for semetime being of incorrigible nature, andsEveral times has-been in the juvenilei.ourt. Saturday he appeared at thehome of Mrs. Fannie Pugh, witha note purporting to be from hercnusijj, George Hamilton, asking ihatshe send him the sum of $10. At firstMrs.-Pugh declined to stnd the moneybut after Prebble appeared the thirdtime with the note she gave the boy acheck for the amount asked for in thenote. Prebble then oroceede to thebank where he had tha check cashed.It was later learned that the notevyas a forgery and Prebble was arrestrd by patrolman Link and taken before Squire Fretwell.For Sale Privately.Royal piano, almost new; circulartable Itop, seats twelve; dresser; washstand; hanging lamp; invilitl chair; mattings; churn, etc. fJ. W. BACON.1611 Cvpress Street.K. T. Phone 683. ' (16-2t)Little "Duplex"aking Great"Hit" in Lexington.Elder Thomas Smith will deliver hispopular lecture, "No Place LikeHome," at the Christian church Tues-sday rveriirg, April 23, under theauspices of the Ladies Aid Society.ElderSmith has Considerable reputation"as a lecturer and in the little time hehas been in this community he hascreated quite a favorable impressionas a pastor. He should be greetedwith a large' audiencer Admission 15and 25 cents.,'Mrs. George Howard, aged 29, diedat her home nf typhoid fever Fridayabout noon after an illness of -threeweeks. Mrs. Howard's husband wasjust recovering from an attack of thesame disease. For six weeks Mrs.,Howard waited on him night and day.A part of Bhe time he . was criticallyill and it was feared he would not recover. About the time he w'as. convalescent she gave birth to a littleson. About three weeks ago she developed typhoid fever. It was realized at the start that there - were littlehopes for her recovery and at the endher death was sudden. The 'remainswere inte rad in the Millersburg cemetery Saturday afternoon at 2 o'clockafter a short service at the grave byElder Thomas Smith. She is survivedby her. husdand and two little childrenwho-have the sympathy of the entirecommunity in their great loss. Following is a partial list of out of townfriends and relatives who attended thefuneral: Mr. and Mis. Fitzpatrick,Mr. and Mrs. Joe Howard, Messrs.Ora and Sam Howard, Miss Ward, MrHerman Ward, Lexington; Mr. RollieWard Hutchison.1878. . .s . . .". ..$4,0001878. vtf.V. .9:. ,0001879. ..-. . ... .: .. 3;ooo1879... -.4.000How is This For a Record of Banking ?- " - .List? of. Dividends Paid in theOPast S3 Years:A Cure for Hog Cholera.If your hogs are . rick come in andget Laughlin's Cholera Cure, and curethem. The best farmers in Bourboncounty will tell you it. cures. For saleonly byu -CrIAS. E. BUTLER & CO.,.Druggists.20 tf Opp. Court House, Paris.Fine Beers.The best line of fancy Deer in thecity, Moerlem's Uaibarossa, and Wiedemann's bottled beer. The .bestdraught beer in town, both light andbock on lap at all times. Give us acall.tf ED. SLATTERY.-1880 ;:,18801881... '...V; I'tf.:..18811882..1882;".....;.:.....;1883.:,.:-..:;....:.;.,.....H883.:v:VU..;.;3384... i:-..m:...;i.;1884 ..1.1885.....:.::.;..:1885 ....... .......1886.1886.1887.1887,1888. ,1888..1889... v:.:;a1889 '189018901891..' "...1891 , :1892....189218931893.- .....1894..:...::.'...;.1S94National Bank to Reorganize.The Second National Bank -of -Cincinnati,will be re-organized. This isthe second oldest institution of thekind in Cincinnati and is third indeposits. Bad loans it is cliamed is thecause of the trouble It is said, thatthe depositors will receive 80 per centat once. Financiers declare the institution is solvent It will either bere-organized by the Cincinnati Clearing House or a receiver appointed bythe Comptroller of the Treasury.The little "Duplex" Electric VacuumCleaner, which is built in Newark, Ohio,by the Ramey Mfg. Co., is surely causing considerable comment from thehousekeepers in Lexington, as over 100have been sold during the past three orfour weeks. It is said this little suction"-!machine will do the same identical workas the large built electric machines,which cost $125.00 and more. Yet the' 'Duplex' ' retails for less than one-thirdthat amount. It saves the housekeeperover one-lialf her-lalor in keeping herhouse nsat and clean. No dust is scattered in the home and as the machine isrun oy eiectncitv, mere is scarcelv nolabor connected .with running, it. .The same fjrm.that manufacturers theDuplex aiso make tlte famovs little U. SHand. Vacuum Cleaner which is becoming famous all over the world.Richmond Suffers $50,000 Fire.Richmond was visited by one of themost disasterous fires in its historyFriday morning, -destroying one of thelargest lumber yards of the town anddoing damage to the extent of S50.000.The Blanton & Congleton lumber yardwas. completely destroyed with a lossof $30,000; L. & A. depot" full offreight and nine loaded freight cars;Madison Tobacco Warehouse, damaged ;W. H. Douglas Coal ' offices damagedand the l?'lat Rock Hotel Completelydestroyed. The-Flatjtock Hotel wasconducted by Mr. jyellinger.fWHo,foraAveral years jwfiidedL.in this city.Fire,wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & WoodfordWool Wanted.Send and get sacks. We are payingthe highest market price for wool.16-6t R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.NOTICE.Persons having claims aginsat theestate of Russell Mann, deceased-, arerequested to present same, properlyproven, to the undersigned not laterman May is, Persons indebted tosaid estate are requested to call andsettle same.KATB B. MANN,16-6t Admx. Russell Mann.THE FAIR!On Friday NextExtra heavy four-coated whiteand whiteEnamelled Ware, everypiece warranted not to chip.Sauce Pans, 48c and up.Seamless Coffee and Tea Pots,69c and up.Dish Pans, 98c and up.Tea Kettles, $1.49 and up.Bice Boilers, $1.39 and up 'WALL PAPERSAt 31-2c a bolt Beautiful patteunSfetp select from. All fresh,new" stock. -Ammonia, "mammoth size 3pound bottle, 10c.The best 10c Scrub Brush youever laid your eyes on, only 5c.Felt Window Shades, 3 feetwide, 72 inches long, full size,colors green only, fixtures included, at only 5c.THEFAIRHarrell Returns to Local Team.Danny Harrell, the fast little shortfielder of the . Bourbonites, arrived inParis last night from Pittsburg, Pa.Harrell is the second of the men on thereserve list from last year to put in hisappearance, Hauser coming iri Sunday,and he is being extended a cordial welcome bv the Paris fans.- Seed That Will Produce.Garden and Flower Seeds.CHAS. B. BUTLER & CO.,12 3t Paris, Ky.A Splendid Home.A beautiful bouse and lot containing5 rooms in Henry Addition will besold at acution on April 24. Readthe advertisement in another column,then talk to Harris & Speakes about it.td M. H. HIGHLAND.A Rare Opportunity.See Harris & Speaks about the Ma-haney property, corner High andEighth Sts., to be sold at auctton.cnApril 25, at 2 p. m. It. is centrallylocated and a splendid, business stand.4., Notice to the Public.Springtime is here. It is time toclean up your premises.Don't mistake the importance of tieabove sentences. How' about that manure heap. Get rid of it. " Neitheryour front or back yard is a place forrubbish of any kind, or ashes, removethem. Don't exhaust the patience ofthe Health Board. Begin at once andput your premises in first calss sanitary condition.Fly time is almost here. You, aswell as the Board, know their nestingplaces. t .Break them up. vGrocer?r bakers, butchers, dairymenyou owe, this., community somethingand that'something is put your premises andgopds for sale in- such shape,that they will-reflect credit upon youand satisfy a public that is becomingmore critical year by year, .Theyknow the clean places.. This is the 'second notice in regardto the removal of hogBfrom within thecity limits." Do you mean to heed it,or are you going to ride rough shodover the- Health Board? You can'thide this kind of stock.' Don't try it.It may make trouble for you-.A. H. KELLER,City Health Officei.Faria, Ky, April 10, 1912. "4,0004,0004,fl004,0004,0004,0004,0004,000'4,0004,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0007,0000,0006,0006,0006,0006,0006,0001895,.... .y:..... 6. GOO- s . . LIT 3 V18V5V. ; (5,0001896..-.1896..;..;.v..:,.:.1897...V.C.s...V-..ftt1897. .A. . .1898 Vli1898 r.1899..1899. : . .1900.,...,. '..Vi'-JLUU. . - .js.-.v.-.tv,. irsy. . . . ...190L.... .v.r: ,i9oi..;..,1902;19021903.. ::1903. :,19041904. .1905. .1905. ".1906. -:1906..1907. .1907..1908. .1908. .1909. .1910. .1010. .1911.1911.6,0006,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005.0C05,0005,0005.0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0OC5,0005,0005,0005,0005,00CDividends in 33 Years $232,000.00The above is not the result of an accident, Jbut is the result ofsane, legitimate banking.U flgriculturl Baitfc of Paris.Capital Surplus$ 1 00,00.00 $67,500.00Protection$267,500.00I JHJosselson IPrice Shoe Store of This BurgPopularWalk to 715 Main Street and save $5 to $7.50 onthat new Spring outfit of Clothing; Shoes and Gents'Outfitting. We are also exclusive agents forPeter's Diamond BrandRoyalSelzReed'sBlueCushion-5olesHOESLJ. M. Josselson71 5-71 7 Main Street, Paris, Ky.JYOU CANMEASUREABANKmmI SZE - Ia eg 1Copyright 1910, by the Standard Adv. Co.QiMrrycan't measure a bank by weight,ze or Quantity, but by the integrity of its officers, the characterof its directors and the policy of the institution. This tpas always been theunderlaying basis of our business.United States Depository for Postal Savings.We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accountsDEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.Capital $100,000Surplus $30,000Indigestion Is Poison.Thousands of men and women aresuffering from diseases caused by fooldecaying food in their stomachs. Thiscauses dangerous poison gases whichmaes the breath unbearable, poisonstha blood, deadens the brain, shattersthe nerves. The evil effects, of indigestion and dyspepsia are too, wellknown to ba dilated coon The rewremedy for these troubles i3 a na'uraland harmless one called "Dieestit"little,tabl tsjthat contain all the ingredients necessary to digest food. Acouple of "Dieesit" tablets jwill digest all the food in your stomach, killpoisonous gases, make you feel fine.It has relieved thousands. Their ownstatements are proof. You can try itfor yourself. Your money will be refunded if "DigestTt" fails0c. Askat Varden & Son's.Big Lot Sale May 15.Don't fail to itet ready for the public sale of building lots in the old fairgrounds addition, which will be heldon Wednesday, May 15. These are'about the must desirable building lotsin Paris and they will steadily increasein value;. Watch fcr advertisementHouston School Honor .Roll.The following pupils of Alias LolaGray, at Houston School, wera . successful in getting on the horor roll thepapt month: Alice Adair, 97 ; Mi'tcmAdair, 93; Cornelia Keffitt, 93; FrankReffittt92; Raymond Henry, 91 ; AinaMay Henry, 92 ; Woodford Hoaaton, 90.AaaaaaH WKtm.- -. ' . " c: " " ' - - - - w