"-4-r:f. V. V " -THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND PBIDAY IN THE YEARJ $ r'- 1 ti..-fJ-r -V?"-' ,.VOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1912r,ILrwwwwwttoatj)fc9iSrfeimwnlHPfffirSSS&raaeammm,i t38riitmmmm&nLadies and GentlemenYour Fall ShoesArc Mere.They are new, seasonable and reasonable. The assortment is made upof the best styles of the world's bestShoe makers. The scope is so broadand the size ranges so complete youwill find your size in any make youdesire.We have also a full line of Misses',Children's and Boys' School Shoes inGun Metal, Patents and Tans.IGEO. McWILLIAMS,Phones 301The Shoe MianIMrill Your PantryNOW!And You Will Have No More ofthe Rainy Day16-lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.00 V25-lbs. Granulated Sugar 1.50Pure Hog Lard, per lb 15 if)'Pure Hog Lard, by the 50-lb. cans, . . ., 14 ADry Salt Bacon, per lb .... 14 ;jcNice lean Bacon, per lb A . . , .: .18 j!JCu-To-No Breakfast Bacon, sliced ; 25 fCu-To-No Hams, Sliced 25 l2 Cans Good Corn 15 ty3 Cans Baby Bunton Corn 25 toRoyal Seal Oats, in cans 10 mOld Reliable Coffee, per lb 30 )Good Bulk Coffee, per lb i 25 ftPreserving Pears, per bu 1.00 wV?BLUE RSBBON FLOUR yj25-(bSack SOc50-lb Sack $ 1 .60 if))100-ibSack $3.20 yiT. C. LEINIHAIN,Cash Grocery. $Both Phones 234V-sssi;New$smFall Hats!SiSSSg4IJieisBSfcy&&&mm111In all the latest colors and ipshapes, included areImported VelourBoys' School Suits9 Caps andOdd Pants.j5?5J'ifZSmmasPRICES 60. Clothier;and Furnishers1fftifte'WZVlvj31ftlElloCounty and City CommitteemenAppointed.Mayor J. T. Hinton, Chairman ofthe Bourbon County Democratic Campaign Committee, yesterday issued thefollowing :At the direction of the State CentralDemocratic Campaign Committee Ihereby appoint the following list ofcommitteemen to assist in oiagnizingthe present Democratic campaign jnthis county :Advisory Committee A. S. Thompson, R. K. McCarney, W. G. McClintock. C. M. Thomas, Bruce Miller,Denis Dundon.COUNTY PRECINCT COMMITTEE.North Middletown No. 1, HenryCawyoud ;No. 2 J. Hal Woodford.Little Rock No. 1, Roger Burn's;No. 2. James Dodge.R Millersburg No. 1, Feale Collier;No 2, W. D. Mclntyre.Ruddles Mills No. 1, Thos. Current; No. 2, T. Hart Talbott.Centerville No. 1, D. C. Lisle; No.2. John Leach.Hutchison No. 1, James'jH. Thompson : No. 2, John VY. Wright.Clintonville No. 1, George W. Morrow ; No. 2, I.bD. 1 humpson.CITY PRECINCT COMMITTEE." Paris No. 1, E. T. Hinton ; No. 2,Swift Champ; No. 3, C. E. Butler;No. 4. C. J. Lancaster; No. 5, M.fcF.Kenney; o. 6, Lee Beall.Those appointed for the precincts arerequired to appoint at once five othersin each of their respective precincts toassist them and report to me as soonas possible the names of those appointed. It is important that rhis be donewithout delay as the time for work isshort. Respectfully.J. T. HINTON,Chairman Bourbon County DemocraticCampaign Committee.Jones Held To Grand Jury.Mack Jones, charged with the murder of Murrav Jones, was held to thegrand jury which convenes at the November term of court without bond athis examining trial in the county courtbefore Judge Denis Dundon yesterdaymorning.4 A number of witnesses were summoned and testified in the case to theeffect that Jones committed the crimeduring a card game which was in progress in Griffith's woods, west of the L.& N. roundhouse, in South Paris, without apparent cause.According to the testimony the murdered man had taken the place of MackJones, who had retired from the gameand when the latter returned demanded that he get up. The negro paid noheed to his remarks whereupon Jonespicked up a shotgun lying close by andstepping back a few paces fired thecharge into the body of the kneelingman. ,,.,..,The murderer escaped and" was capt-'ured two days later in a cornfield nearthe scene of tne crime. Jones was represented at the examining trial byattorneys David Cline, R. B. Hutchcraft, Jr.. and J. J. Williams. Theprosecution was conducted by CountyAttorney George Batterton.Columbia to Open Today.The new Columbia, formerly theComet Theatre, will be thrown opento the public tonight. For severalweeks the theatre has been undergo!"ing improvements that will make itone of the 'handsomest Jittle movingpicture theatres in the State. Newfixtures have been added and the inleriorpresents an attractive appearance. The management will producethe best motion pictures to be securedand assuresgthe public a class equal toany shown in motion picture houses inthis section.Buggy Demolished.A horse attached to a runabout, theproperty of Dr. Frank Fithian, ranaway Friday morning. The animalwas standing in front of the home ofHon. Hal Woodford, on the Winchesterpike, and ran west on Main street, andacross to High. tHe was finally caughtnear the unnstian cnurcn atter demolishing the buggy by running k into atelephone pole.Horses Shipped to Kentucky.The string of horses of Turney Bros,of this city, which has been racing inthe East have been shipped to Douglas Park in Louisville where they willbe raced during the remainder of themeeting and the other fall meetingsin this state. The string of Mr. HalWoodford, which has beenat a coursein British Columbia, have also beenshipped to Louisville.Coroner's Jury Fixes Blame.Coronar Rudolph Davis held an inquest Saturday morning at the courthouse into the death of Murray Jones,colored, who died from a shotgunwound last Tuesday night. A numberof witnesses were introudced at theinquest, and the finding of the jurvwas in accordance with the facts.Mack'Jones, also colored, who ischarged with the murder, was broughtbefore the jury and was identified byGeorge Benton, Henry Johnson, FrenchWilliams, as being the man who firedthe shot which caused the death of thenegro. All of the!men were witnessesto the affair and the identicfiation ofthe accused was positive. After hearing the evidence the jury brought inthe following verdict :"We the jury find that Murry Jones,or Jonas, cme to his daeath by a gunshot wound at the hands of MackJones. September 17, 1912. withoutcause.LEE PRICE.WILLIAM SCOTT.WALLACE MITCHELL,Foreman,- CHAS. GREEN.r"WE KNOW HOW"WwwwW4fIt Is Not Too Marly ,To Buy a FallHat Now!Your old straw is beginning to look rusty andour stock of Stetson and Dunlap Hats is readyfor your inspection. We are showing all thenew shades in the Stetson Velours, the roughnappy finish in greens, heathers, browns andgrays.Fall Shoes in the StetsonShoe, Korreet Shapeyand Dr. Reed's - AShoes are here in the swell English last, lowheels, flat sole, in Gun Metal and Tans. Comein and try a pair on.:iMitchell & Blakemore,Paris, KentuckyOutfitters to Men'ax tBLUiiiiiiuiiiuinirarnn iiiiiiiiiiiiiiifiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiMiMiiriiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHU'iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiriiMIi4JFRANK & COSThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.$5&5g4Inimitable vAutumn1t . VtConceitsfOU have never seen such an extraordinary and charming gathering ofAutumn suits, dresses and coats as weare now displaying.The styles, with the many distinctive novelties they embody, will measure up to your most critical desires. Parismodes are brought to your door.99EuZr tFRANK l& C9Paris,KentuckyHimiiiniiiiJiimimiiiJimjrriiiiiM pTl,iICAi5eNEWT. MITCHELL,msmmxwfflwmmmsmm9-.'F.-P. LOWRY.V r4?-V.1' x .-y.-. ' JTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1912SuitTO ORDERIJL W III IS $M:i: !XS jHftB iiiiiiSIS iiiIf BIBsis,jj;WcAlsoDo SiDYE 111HI CLEANSING. 5 '"15 PRESSING,ft REPAIRING. !i mm,2is Best Work iiiEls !i! Guaranteed. !!&:ffff "" aThomas Bros. imMMBiuiKisamiiuJKMWMiiSim1112 West Main St.Public Salelr KY'! Music Fop Ail OccasionsI will, as administrator of Isaac'Chanslor. deceased, offer for saleFVonthe premises, one half mile south ofMillersburg, Boarbon county, Ky., onSaturday.. Sept. 28th, 1912,at 10 oclock a. m., the following prop-vrty :1 bay work horse,1 bay buggy horse,w 1 black buggy mare,-j -1 black draft work and brood mare,with colt by her side that is sold for$125.2 milch cows and calves,3 yearling steers,About 90 head of red Jersey Durocfrogs,1 aged Jersey Duroc boar,i 4 young Jersey Duroc bears,;2 buggies,1 surrey,1 runabout,2 sets of buggy harness,S sets of work harness,1 two-horse wagon and wagon frame.t 1 two-horae cultivator.1 two-horse corn planter,1 two horse Randall harrcw,2 mowing machines,1 dump cart,1 hay rake,1 binder,1 frame for housing green tobacco,1 bellows, anvil and set of blacksmith tools,Break and doub'e shovel olows and:all other implements and tools foundtoa a farm,4 Carpets,Household and kitchen furniture,I kitchen range,1 incubator and broocer.1 philo.Lot of hav in rick,Lot of old corn in crib,. About 25 acres of new corn,Oats in stack and barn.TERMS. Made known on day ofJ.C. JEFFERSON, AdministratorAlso at the same time and place,: Saturday, Sept. 28th, 1912,at 10 o'clock a. m., as agent foriieirs of Rachael J. Chanslor and Isaa. - F. Chanslor. 1 will sell thefjfarm, Consisting of About 137Acres.'Said farm lies on the south of MilHersburg, about one half mile fromtown on the east side of the Lexingtonand Maysville turnpike; the L. & N.i railroad running along west side. Thisis one of the most desirable farms in-the county. It has on it a two-storybrick house, with new roof and is ingood condition ; a tobacco barn andwarehouse, with plank floor and goodtobacco screw ; stable, corn crib, buggyhouse, chicken house, smoke houseand splendid ice house, three cellars ;-also teneraentjbouse. two cabins, andthe best spring in the county, and twoother fields with never failing water.This farm is well fenced and is in asgood a neighborhood as anyone couldwish, and can all be plowed. There isabout 35 acres in corn and the rest ingrass. Anyone wishing a home willanake a great mistake if they don't at-?iend this sale, as there is no better situation on'the Lexington and Maysvilleturnpike, and is in one half mile of-two of the best schools in the State,iioth male and female colleges andonly 7 miles from Paris. It will besold as a whole, or divided to suit pur. chasers..TERMS. Made known on day ofsale.J. C. JEFFERSON, Agent foriieirs.Running up andjdown stairs, sweeping and bending over making beds willjiot make a woman healthy or beautiful. She must get out of doors, walka-inile or two every day and take'Chamberlain's Tablets tojmprove her.digestion and regulate! her bowels.JFor Mrte-by all dealers, gplwBUM HiMultitudes of People1Iitake SCOTTS EMULSION regularly to repair wasted vitality andenrich the blood to withstandwinter colds and exposure.It contains the highest grade ofcod liver oil, medically perfected;it is a cream-like food-medicine,scrupulously pure and healthfulwithout drug or stimulant. Endorsed and advocated by medicalauthorities everywhere.SCOTTS EMULSION drives outcolds nourishes the membranesof the throat and lungs and keepsthem healthy.Nothing equals SCOTT'SEMULSION for lung and bronchialweakness sore, tight chests andall pulmonary troubles.Equally good for infants,children or adults, but you musthave SGOTT'SmScott & Eowne, Bloomfield, N. J. 12-56Lexington Military Bandand Orchestra.TELEPHONES: New185 and 638; Old,221.Only such music willbe supplied as will bea pleasure to our patrons and a credit tothe organization.PUBLIC SALEOF-Household and KitchenFurniture.Having decided to locate in the'.WestIwill offer N at public auction at mypalce on gfgjWednesday, Sept 25, 1912,the following :1 Oak Bedroom Suite,2 Handsome Folding Beds.1 Davenport, new,1 Dining Room Set, including table,chairs and Fideboard.Chiffonier, Writing Desk. SewingMachine. Tables, Book Case, HallChairs, Rockers and Porch Furniture,1 lare range.Cooking Utensils, MilkCans, Pansand Crocks,1 Moore's Airtight Heater, 1 Gasoline Stove,1 Washing Machine,1 large Iron Kettle,1 large Refrigerator,i 1 Automobile,I 1 Buggy and Harness,1 No. 1 Milk Cow,Plows, gears and many other articlestoo numerous to mention,j TERMS Made known on day ofl sale. Sale positive, beginning at 10o clock.HENRY S. CLAY,Paris, Ky.Col. Geo. D. Speakes, Auct.TheBourbon Horse GoodsCo.,Incorporated.Manufacturers ofHarness, Horse Boots andLeather Novelties ofAll Kinds,I AH Orders Promptly Executed And"Work Guaranteed.No. 304 Main StreetRepairing of All Kind DoneWhile You Wait.Opp. Court House.If you knew of'the real value ofChamberlain's Liniment for lame backsoreness of the muscles, sprains andrheumatic pains, you would never wishto be without it. For sale oy all dealers.THE BOIRBOMEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at Postoffice at Paris,, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .$2.00 Six Months. .61.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING- RATESDisplay advertisements, $1,00 perinch for first time; '50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and simirlar matt er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.DEMOCRATIC TICKET.For President,HON. WOODROW WILSON,of New Jersey.For Vice-President,HON. THOS. R. MARSHALL,of Indiana.For Congress,HON. J. CAMPBELL CANTRILL,of Scott county.Wool Tariff Robs Women.When a woman purchases $10 worthof woolen dress goods. 4.87 of thatS10 represents the actual value of thegoods and the remaining $5.13 of the10 the amount of the tariff. In otherwords should the same purchase bemode in England where there is notariff on woolens, the woman wouldreceive the same amount and qualityof dress goods'for S4.87 that she paysS10 for in this'country.This is because of the Payne-Aldrichad valorem tariff of 105 per cent onthis class of goods.Tariff Prices.When the German Government introduced its tariff law of 1902, it published with it, as is the custom in Germany, a printed explanation of thereasons for its introduction. This official document, whichsquarely declaresthat import duties raise the cost of living, reads in part as follows :"Inland urines are raised,' so far asa consideration of the circumstancesof the last ten years will allow us tojudge in proportion to the duties."In precisely this way the tariff increases the cost of the necessaries oflife in the United States.Tax Added to Cost.In France, Italy and some other European countries a part of the municipal revenue is raised by duties ongoods entering the towns. At thegates of such towns there is an officialwho collectsthis tax, and it is roundthatTthe difference in prices of articlespurchased outside of the towns andwithin the towns is in nearly every instance exactly the amount of theduty.The same happens in trade between natiors. Testimony From Abroad.In Holland there are no import duties on food or raw materialsi the soleprotective element being a tax of 5per cent on imported manufacturedgoods. In Germanv there is a highduty on food and an excessive tariff onall the necessaries of life. A household of six presons can buy for $5.04in Gelderland.'one of the eastern provinces of Holland, the necessaries "oflife which in Germany, just across thefrontier.'would cost $6.78. As a resulta village of 4,000 inhabitants hasgrownup atGlanerburg, near the German frontier. There German manufactruers have built houses for a colony of their workmen, because they canlive more cheaply and better acrossthe frontier in the foreign country,wheie there are practically no importduties.Smallest Book in the World.The smallest book in the world is inthe library of congress, always underlock and key. It is a copy of the Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam. The tinyvolume was made by Nathan Dale ofCleveland,- O. It was photographed,each page separately. Four books ofthe same size would just cover a postage stamp. Three hundred of themwould weigh a pound.To Mothers and Others.You can use Bucklens' Arnica Salveto cure children or eczema, rashes, tetter, chafings, scaly and crusted humors, as well as their accidental injuriescuts, burns, bruises, etc., with perfect safety. Nothing else heals soauickly. For boils, ulcers, old runnincor fever sores or piles it has no equal.25 cents at Obefdorfer's.Ninetten Mil S; vwithout" a jar.'shock or disturbance, isthe awful speed of our earth thfcoughspace. We wonder at auch ease of na-i ture's movement, and so do those whotake Dr. King's New Life Pills. Nogriping, no distress, just thorough workthat brings gocd health and fine feelings. 25 cents at Oberdorfer'sDemand Greater Than Supply.Coquoito nuts (little cocoanuts) arefound in abundance in Mexico, but theentire amount gathered is, taken bythe local soap factories, the managers of which are constantly complaining that they cannot procure sufficient raw material from this neighborhood for tfieir needs. This condition is due to the lack of interest onthe part of the natives and to someextent, no doubt, to the difficulty experienced in extracting the meat.Glorieus News.comes from Dr. J. T. Curtiss, Dwight,Kas. He writes: "I not only havecured bad cases of eczema in my patients with Electric Bitters, but alsocured myself by them of the same disease. I feel sure thev will benefit anycase of eczema." This shows whatthousands have proved, that ElectricBitters is a moHt effective blood purifier. Its an excellent remedy for eczema, tetter, salt rheum, ulcers, boilsand running sores. It stimulates kidneys liver and bowels, expels poisons,helps digestion, builds up the strength.Price 50 cents. Satisfaction guaranteed by Oberdorfer.JUDGE FOR YOURSELFWhich is Better Try an Experiment or Profit by a ParisCitizen's Experience.Something new is an experiment.Must be proved to be as represented.The statement of a manufacturer isnot convincing proof of merit.But the endorsement of friends is.Now supposing you had a bad back,A lame, weak, or aching one,Would you experiment on it.You will read of many so calledcures.Endorsed by strangers from far awavplaces.It's different when the endorsementcomes from1 home.Easy to prove local testimony.Read this case:George McCandles, butcher, Paris,Ky.,, says : "Some time ago I had occasion to use a kidney remedy and atthat time Doan's Kidney Pills gave mecomplete relief, which has proven permanent. I got them for backache anddisordered kidneys. The way theystopped mv trouble has proven theirmerits."For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo,New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the name Doan's andtake no other.NOTICE.All persons having1 claims againstthe estate of G. R. Harris, deceased,are hereby notified to present sameoroDerly proven according to law tome at North Middletown, Ky., on orbefore October 15, 1912.MRS. NETTIE MAY HARRIS,13 6t Administrator.FOR SALE.My residence on Pleasant street.This is a well built convenient house.Water and gas in house, good cisternwith pump in kitchen. No better location, tf MISS ANNIE M. WRIGHT.Executor's Notice !All persons having claims againstthe estate of the late I. h Chanslorare requested to present same provenaccording to law to the undersignedexecutor for payment, and all thoseknowing themselves !! indebted to theestate ot thedeceased are requested tocall or mail a remittance to the undersigned. J. C. JEFFERSON,Extr. I. F. Chanslor,20 3t Millersburg, Ky.IN MAMMOUTH CAVE.The Dry Fall Outing to Kentucky's Great SubteraneanWonder, or 200 Miles Under Ground Wed. Oct. 1 6.Arranged for private and belectparties and their visitors. River low,echo grand, cave dry. The time tosee Mammoth Cave when at its best.Round trip railroad fare 5. 65 fromParis and all way stations on regulartrain 7:38 a. m. Board at Cave Hotelfrom arrival for supper until afterbreakfast morning third day, also including the two trips through thecave for $6.50. Limit on tickets 10days.Write or phone L. & N. Agent.Jinnk LangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptty and satisfactionguaranteed.aug!6tfEast Tenn. Phoe69H ae0$Body Kills Germs."necmt thatet into the body are killed in two waya-by the white corpusclesof the Wod, and by a gezm-kMiz? substance that is m.the blood Just what thissubsSnce is we do not know. The blood of a healthy person always has some4rm-kminTsubstance in it to ward off the attack of disease. The fountain heedof Se is the stomach. A man who has a weak and impaired stomach and whodoes not properly digest his food will soon find that his blood has become weakanfimpoverisned, and that his whole body is improperly and insufficiently nourished To put the body in healthy condition, to feed tne system on rich, red bloodand throw out the poisons from the body, nothing m the past forty years hasana uiruw v exceIed Dr Pierc2's Golden Medical Discovery, a pureGlyceric extractseal and Oregonqueen's root with? , ..SUggeau uii. fc.a i,'ii1Dr. Pierce'stomach, liverJ. H. Mastin, Eoq.1 ' ACORTRIGHTmRoofs Put on26 Years Agoare as good as new, and havenever needed repairs neverneed attention of any kind, except an occasional coat of paint.Storm-proof Fire-proof Lightnlng-proQfDon't buy that roof for the new building, or re-roof the old,;5 until you have examined theFor Sale by Miller &rfmjsssQzssesftsdss:)That You Try OurIt will give satisraction from the start.Why not begin to-day burning it?Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.CuitiberlanCelepbone and Celegrapb CompanyINCOEPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the CumberlandBourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg,North Middletown, JLittle Rock andRuddles Mills. '!"When you have Cumberland service youJHAVE telephone service."Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated.AUTO FOR HIRESpecial attention given toparties desiring to hire automobiles. Call on us forpricesTRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Livery, Feed and Sales Stable.Eighth Street Both Phones.Some Good AdviceTo the People.Don't sell your old f eathers-un-tilyou find out the prices, Youcan call us and we will look atyour feather, or if you live inthe counrry send us a sample. Iwill let you know what they areworth. Some old feathers if theyhave been well cared for are asgood as new. We pay .marketprice for new feathers.MAX MUNICK,8trf Street, PARI?, KY.i Call East Tenn, Phone 374 -(without dcohoi;, ci Diooaroor, gciaengrape root, stone root, mandrake andblack cherrybark."Mv husband was a s-iirercr from stornacn irouoie ana.ore "blood." writes Mrs. James II. Martin, of Frank-l:? XT a rVtan friori T)r Piurno'jnnri lift ; hiu i. itr LiiL'ii - v -" a. tui uu i"" ' "" " wMy. nmnWfilv cured him. H2 XcnrcdTow foV tyvatm thisvaluable medicine for impurities of the blood.'Pleasant Pellets regulate and invigorateI bowels. Sugar-coated, tiny granules.andMETALSHINGLESCortnght Metal bhingles.--Best, Millersburg, Ky.gjTKgIj Modern Equipment,4 Barbers,Hot and Cold BathsPolite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDProfessional CardsJ J. WKililAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks JBuildine.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office PhonesE. T 136.Home 136.Residence jE. T. 334.Home 334.'TR. AVH KELIiEK, ,Practicing Physician,f(fKn.n.a T-c A rmA K. "EMI-lc, TZIAJcf.Paris, - Kentucky" i ' HI J iihMM'?!1 I'll'l'il'li'MIiNWBARBERHOPA.4-7THE BOURBON NEWS,- PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1912wBurley Tobacco GrowersBoost Your Own : BrandsWe, as you know, are using your choicest" tobacco in" thebrands of Strater Bros.' Branch, and you know that nobody growsbetter tobacco than you do. You know how we manufacture, soyou know that these brands are perfection. Now we want you tohelp us sell these brands this year even better than our bestprevious years. The reasons you should so help are as follows:You Are Part OwnerThe fact that you grow the tobaccomakes you part ownerof all these brands.Every time that one sells you profit.Every word that you say in favor of anyhelps to increase those sales. Everybrand that you buy for your own usehelps make those profits better. All ourinterests your interests and ours arepooled inN these several tobaccos. It islogic that you should bend all of yourefforts, however small, m the selling.The United Power of40,000 Buyers40,000 men in a section wield an enormous buying influence. If all ask forthese brards when they buy tobaccothere results a gigantic sale. And bigsales are the best advertising known.TV) Dealer? ? .ealers throughout the United States know these famous tobaccos.x J im-lm o . i hey are Nation-wide sellers-popular brands. They are helping- thesedealers to prosper. They are made from the pick of the famous crops of 40,000 growersEvery one of these growers is boosting: them all. So are all of their friends. This method isbr ngricg: the profits to dealers to those who sell these brands. Are they working: for you?-fere are the mild, fragrant smoking brands GOLD ENtJLOW PENNY POST FULL PAY.Acre are the delicious chewing brands INDEX BY JOE TWIST CUP DAY'S WORK- JN THESQUARE-TORCHLIGHT-STRATER'S NATURAL LEAF.Put them into your stock. See how they sell.STRATER BROS. TOBACCO COMPANY BRANCHBURLEY TOBACCO COMPANY, Incorporated, Louisville, Ky.L. Sc N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59P. M.Trains ArriveFROMAtlanta, Ga. , Daily 5 21 amLexington, Ky.. Daily 4.15amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 amCincinnati, O., Dmly , 9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 amLexington, Ky,, Daily . 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily T 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pmKnoxville. Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily 5.40 pmCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5.47 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6,03 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.5o amJacksonville. Fla., Daily 6.05 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrains IDe-part'No.1342971040373123326259138385393083231No. TO34 Cincinnati. 0., Daily 54 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 74n Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 810 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 8137 Lexington, Ky., Daily : 937 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 933 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 106 Maysville, K., Daily 1226 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 1225 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3,38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 39 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 539 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 532 Cincinnati, O., Dailyo luaysyiiie, .&-y., uauy ixcepc ounuay o30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6,31 Lexington, K., Daily 1013 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10IN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3, 1911.Trains ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 3.30 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pmTrains IDeDartNo. TO7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday 9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky DailyJ3xcept Sunday 5.53 pmBad Spells" I suffered, during girlhood, from womanly weakness,"writes Mrs. Mollie Navy, of Walnut, N. C. "At last, I wasalmost bed-ridden, and had to give up. We had threedoctors. All the time, I was getting worse. I had badspells, that lasted from 7 to 28 days. In one week, after Igave Cardui a trial, I could eat, sleep, and joke, as well asanybody. In 8 weeks, I was well. I had been an invalidfor 5 weary years ! Cardui relieved me, when everythingelse failed."CARDU ! WomSsTonicIf you are weak and ailing, think what it would mean,to you, to recover as quickly as Mrs. Navy did. For morethan 50 years, this purely vegetable, tonic remedy,for women,has been used by thousands of weak and ailing sufferers.They found it of real value in relieving their aches andpains. Why suffer longer? A remedy that has relievedand helped so many, is ready, at the nearest drug store, foruse, at once, by you. Try it, today."Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept Chattanooga Medicine Co., Chattanoofi, Tenn .Sir Snctel Instructions, and 4-pace book. " Howe Treatseat for Women," sent free. J 57ISmokers and chewers flock to brandsthat they see the most people buying.40,000 steady users indirectlv make 40,000 more. Get them for Strater Bros.'Branch Brands the brands that yougrow forby using these brands yourself.Tell Every FriendTell your friends of these brands. Tellthem what y ou know of the tobacco. Tellthem you grow it and smoke and chewit yourself, so you know. Tell them itcomes from Kentucky, from the centerof the richest Burley sections. Let themknow it's the cream of your crops andthat they can buy these brands from'most any dealer, because dealei s knowthat these brands are the best they canbuy.Burley growers should be Burley Boostersand the best way to boost is to BUY BurleyYOUR OWN BRANDS-YOURSELF.(2)TUTMllT.28 am.35 am.47 am.zu air.20 am.67 am.55 am.24 am.27 am.05 pm.04 am,34 pm'4o pm.52 pm,57 pm6.v pm.15 nm,25 pm.57 pm.55 pmSAVED FROM RUINUndermining of Winchester Cathedral Stopped by Cement.For Many Years the Historic BuildingHas Been Cracking, Bulging andSettling, Threatening to Col-lapse Completely.London. After a period of eightcenturies, Winchester cathedral nowrests on a solid and immovahle foundation, saved from threatened ruin.Almost every day in the last few yearsthe movements of a diver in regulation dress have been watched with culious interest as he entered or emerged from the water beneath the foundations of the cathedral. He was atwork helping to save from ruin one ofEngland's noblest historic buildings,,and the successful issue of the undertaking has been celebrated by athanksgiving service in the cathedral.For several years the dean and chapter of Winchester had been watchingominous signs, such as cracks, bulgings and settlements, sure harbingersof a collapse of the cathedral. Fromthe interior daylight could be seenthrough the cracks; the latter grewever wider and wider. The walls onthe south side and the Norman transepts, unequaled for their majesticsimplicity, were riven in all directionsThe massive masonry of the Normanbuilders had from the beginningproved too ponderous for the watery,compressible soil which forms thefoundation.The first hole dug into the foundations revealed the cause of the wholetrouble water-nd acting on expertadvice, holes were dug in sectionsthrough the top soil and chalk and farthrough the peat. Then it was thework of the diver In his usual divingdress to enter the hole, remove furtherlayers of peat so as to allow the waterto rise into the cavity, and then to laya flooring of cement to prevent the water from sinking back into the gravel.After the1 imprisoned water had beenremoved by pumping the cavity wasfilled up with brickwork in cement.This extended from the floor laid byEast Front of Winchester Cathedral.the diver up to the solid stonework ofthe cathedral, showing like a roof ofrock overhead.While the work underground was being carried on, patiently and thoroughly, seven anxious years, thecracks in the walls, vaultings andarches of the fabric were welded bythe injection of liquid Portland cementfrom a squirting machine, a processknown as grouting, capable of beingso manipulated as to fill either a shallow crack or a rent through the thickness cf a missive wall.Every crevice is now being repaired,every flaw and displacement remedied,every trace of instability in the foundations removed, and the cathedralseems to stand as solidly as thestrongest building in the kingdom.MAN'S SIGHT IS RESTOREDFall Against Door Gives George Morgan Hope for CompleteRecovery.Wilmington, Del. Becoming totallyblind fourteen weeks ago, GeorgeM. Morgan Jr., aged twenty-threeyears, 1351 East Thirteenth street, hadhis sight restored to him through anaccident. About eleven years ago Morgan was struck in one eye with astone a small boy had thrown at afreight car. His sight was badly affected and last September he wentto St. Joseph's hospital in Baltimoreto have his eye treated. While sittingin his boarding house fourteen weeksago he suddenly became totally blindwithout any -warning whatever.He came to this city to visit hisparents on June 29, and 'he trippedover a, rug and fell, his forehead strikng a door-jamb with much force.When he arose he found that he couldsee the daylight and later developments showed that he could see better than before he went to th hospital last yar.He intends to return to the hospital to continue the treatment, although the physicians told him theydid not think he ever would be ableto see again. His mother was atmarket at the time of the accident.nd could not believe her son's gla'ddeclaration when she returned untilhe told her the color of. her hat anddress and described other things in"the room. .- . .H.... ...uees Maxe Hive of Scarecrow.Kingston, N. Y. Ellis Osterhaut, afarmer near here; has discovered thatthe beeg have turned one of his scareOLD MARSHALC " HOMESTEADHouse in North Manchester, !nd.fWhere Democratic Candidate forVice-President Was Born.North Manchester, Ind. Though ithas withstood the storms of more thansixty years, and two bouts with thehouse movers, the little house inwhich Thomas R. Marshall, governorof Indiana, and Democratic candidatefor vice-president, was born, stands today well to the north end of Walnutstreet, in North Manchester, Indiana,in a better state of preservation thanmany houses of half its age and experience. In 1854 the house stood on the lotfronting on Main street, that is nowoccupied by the Lawrence Nationalbank, and was occupied by Dr. DanielMarshall, who, besides doctoring thesick, was also a merchant of considerable importance, being connectedBirthplace of Thomas R. Marshall.with his brothers in managing the biggest store of this locality at that time.As time went on they disposed ofthis store, and after the war brokeout the doctor moved with his familyto Pierceton, when the future governor was slightly over six years of age.Men who have groun gray rememberThomas Marshall as a boy, but he wastoo young when his folks left for himto build a new home to take the placeThe building in which he was bornwas moved from its first location togive room to a business building, andwas occupied for several years byJohn H. Shively, but when he wantedto build a new home to take the placeof the old building, it passed into newhands, being sold to Bart Krisher, sonof D. W. Krisher. He moved it to itspresent location, made a few repairs,put on some fresh paint and the houseis as neat and attractive in looks today as many of the newer buildingsaround it.PRISONER, FREE, COMES BACKWorkhouse Trusty Returns After Tripto Town for Supplies. St. Louis, M6. Alexander Hunter,who still had sixteen months of aworkhouse sentence to serve, is pursuing a plan of behavior which willwin for him probably an early parole.When the city authorities decidedto turn Chesley island into a farmwhere inebriates could be kept, itssuperintendent, Calvin J. White, decided to send Hunter to the farm asa trusty to supervise the work.Hunter cheerfully accepted the taskand began to build a fence. The postshaving been put down, he found himself in need of a wire stretcher.Taking a boat, he rowed alone andunwatched down the river to Kimmswick, but could not find what hewanted there. He then took a train,came to St. Louis, bought the wirestretcher and returned."How in the world did you gethere?" Superintendent White askedwhen he stepped off the car and wentto the workhouse. "Came up on thetrain," Hunter answered. ,,"What do you want?" White asked.Hunter explained and was returnedthe money he had spent for car fare.He went back to the island and now.reports that he has most of the wirearound the new stockade put up.Hunter was sentenced to a twoyears' term in the workhouse on fourcharges of larceny, six months on eachcount.CORSET COYER AS A NOOSEWoman Makes a Strange Rope WithWhich to Hang Herselfin Newark.Asbury Park, N. J. Making a nooseof her coret cover, Annie Spellman,thirty years old, hanged herself in herroom in the Ocean Grove home of J. F.Slattery of 50 Shanley street, Newark.She had come from Ireland less thana year ago. 'The muslin rope broke after shehad been hanging for some time,.aidwhen her body felL to the, floor thesound alarmed Mrsf Slattery, who ranto the room and found the' woman,dead. . , i t . ' ';$Veteran fedltor Weds StenVgrapS-JNew Tforki Announcement is madehere of th'VmarrlagW of EdwabflPage MitcheleditoxQfthe. JjMrYork Sun. to Miss Ada MorougbXIdr. ht renograpofficfr-oi-the.Sund 8lxtV2VflarwOlrDauahelphia MSs. Marmftstrong, eighty-four years old, hadarresteddaughter,-mhocom Plains. .thatBrooklyn; Mr. MitckelhJsisixty yjarsold' and fifc&rire Mw&tylirit&hewas a' slendgraDhef tatWhraitaittSIIBSen3d,-here. on. complaint,, ofjgkei, MaViarjah,ffty?ara.- ir -"m .-O. s-.-..1OCTO.THEWORLD'SGREATESTCONTESTSL,,-KENTUCKY. T. H.JEXIINGpB$85,OOoBSMaBBBBBBBBBBBBBBaai$21,000 THE KENTUCKY FUTURITY.9$ 3,000 THE AVAIiNUT HAJQLf $ 5,000 THE TRANSYLVANIA$ 3,000 THE CASTLETON CUP - MONDAY; OCT; 1s o Kfta rrorAArPTrvvreTTTP CTiT.T.Tnv - - "irvmjiv nrrv ia .p Uv .m-l.m- .vj.Mm. Kj-...u.j,l.i. - u.U.v.t..t-., WJ.. JIXmu$ 5,000 THE OCTOBER PRIZEA BIG STAKET47VJk T3J rTT 2HJCJL .a. XXjOOne Fare RAILROAD RATES Oiie FareNew Fall-X-vy,.? -ft"v2xittai-i3 .?4 - "' ?"$f 'JW? fTWINaU" "' .' 'SP&S&as Jscmoss bros & co I ,L , 1BROS.; CLOTHING DEP'BL'Wollstein, Proprietor. Im ML AWhy You Take No ChancesThe Studebaker name for sixty 'yearshas been a guarantee of quality. It elimi-,nates the slightest element of chance inyour purchase of an automobile.Every part f a Studebaker car ismade in our own plants. We analyze andabsolutely knowifminto our. cars. Uur' M.Ti75.000 Studebaker cars are on the abtrroad and every owner will tell you that'jka Studebaker car always makes good. ;I,We know that the Studebakerfe351," Sa -..(Glanders) "20" at-. rial and workmanship to any car built 7' 4 4-U :' 2 . Keadv for immediate delivers vVZV.4r) . 1, .m.&:-h'-r.wcfrttZ$rr -. XmWBI. KvV i'' CJ'TSffinr. ... sty- -j-. m i t"" 'i-a-li.ia. -.cv' m : in ilr- . ' Pn n m 1-jj iri - ff j 'ii-mjmm'r-a-j TuyiWJ -l ,t vicBrvY1- jr-t im ti tt . m.w .. .naPrice, Standard Equipped, $800 f. o. b. Detroit. "Equipped as above, with Top, Windshield, Pret-OLite TanlcVand Speedometer, JS5., -a !a &t2rX. 11 - . Z&. T. . TT ffc . . fijirwy.fj. .isrr "TOTaaiiiTI he studebaker CorporationH sW ss. lsV.13 JLtlM QJ o'Q- "U3 "z.ssfeaQ8 TO 19h?E, "r . sAtw;fc4"22 A 'w?C-jdM;. .--THE -"'rORLD'Sviv7"BEsr.-:- ' TRACK) t.4B. ASSOCIATIONTUESDAY," OCT. 9CUP WEDNESDAY, OCT. i 'man THURSDAY, OCT. 10 ' j- WEDNESDAY? OCT.' IttlEVERY DAYTS;i A, , , iJLVCULU. JJL XXXUCJLl.t)a: ' ' 5WRITE FOR PROGRAM ,Suits Arriviri-DailyriaSchioss Bros., &Co;- Baltimore, Md.,Hand Made Suits ,Arc Here Direct 'from The TailorsHands. . .Wp flVP shnwinortha ncTsrPlnTrrCarnation, Grey and Browns, theprices very reasonable, 15 to 251All Wool Fall Suits, newestshades at. . . .$10, $12.50 and $151OurlFall Line of Haws Vo.Gol Hats Douglass Shoes an'JETiwn Eros., Special Shoes are ar-,riving daily.-iThe showing we are 'makingfor Fall is in every way up to tBhighest class, ourpficeslare'morjereasonable than elsewhere. "WMnWI lllliilthe materials which go fguarantee is good.xr-i -" - t ViS800 is equal in mate-.4.u: u fJr r:J1,.4wAU' ; mHUj &5gK&vil;"5'-.s'?jjr, AiIC7 n5 t .;&&&tWkZMJ?i ;.crows into a hive. ThVtn&ierijrS330aatouSK9MfiBBfMP!fBav!TviML2kB&BE3t tII . vii of the gure were filled with honey.I BiirtMiGai9i0plyir'w ti ii mn'isxBmMBiBBnaHanHr immr --vGesjI H3LC .-'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1912-hSchool Shoes.Go to Feld's and get your schoolshoes for boys, misses and children.Satisfaction guraanteed. tfHeivy Damage Suit Filed. (Last Tribute to Col. G. R. Keller.Insure your Tobacco withTHOMAS & WOODFO D.Library Association.The Kentucky Library Associationwill meet at Lawrenceburg October 3and 4. About 100 delegates and visitors are expected. There are thirtyonejDublic and twelve college librariesin the State. All of these are expected to be represented and several members of women's organizations , probably will attend. Missj Florence Dillard, of Lexington, is president andMiss Fannie C Rawson, librarian otthe Kentucky Library Commission, issecretary. Miss Rawson is now arranging the program. John IHarrop,of Cincinnati", will speak on "BookSelection" and Judge Chalkey. of Lexington, Miss Rawson andMiss BlancheWatts, assistant librarian of the Kentucky Library Commission, will be onthe program." Alleginglthat JohnlW.TChilders came! to his death by an explosion of naturalas on Spetember 18,1911. as a result otdefective pipes, W. A. Green, administrator of his estate, has filed suit inthe Fayette Circiut Court against theCentral Kentucky Natural Gas Company for damages in the sum of 20,000. Mr. Childers was burned to death inLexington under the most peculiarcircumtsances in September last year.He was occupying a room over his grocery store in that city, which was destroyed bp fire. With his escape cut offby the flames Mr. Childers perished, Ihischarred remains being found in thebuilding the morning after.Mr. Childers was formerly a residentof Paris, and conducted a grocerystore in this city for a number ofyears. He moved to Lexington several years ago, and was engaged in thesame business at the time of his death.Kill the Flies.Flies are at their worst now. Get"Cow Ease" atBUTLER'S,17-2t Qpp.' Court House. JII One Grand, Glorious Week of Superlative JoyI KNIGHTS OF MACCABEES OF WORLDFALL FESTIVALI September 22, 24, 25,26, 27, & 28 IThR Kranse Greater Shows IW mBwm-www - -Sorrowing friends from various sections of Kentucky gathered in CarlisleFriday morning to pay the last tributeof respect to Col. Green K. Keller,veteran editor, soldier and statesman,whose funeral took place from the lateresidence with brief services conductedbv the Rev. W. G. Eldred, pastor ofthe Christian church, of which Col.Keller had long been a member. Theburial took place in the Carlisle cemetery with Masonic services, Confederate'soldiers acting as honorary pallbearers.The death rt Col. Keller removesCarlisle's most prominent and bestknown citizen, one who will be moremissed, nerhaps, than any citizen whohas diedthere in many years. Forthirtv vears he had been identihedcloselv with the best interests of Carlisle "and Nicholas county, havingserved as president of the City Boardof Education for many years, editedthe Carlisle Mercury for thirty years,been for a number of years secretaryof the Nicholas County Old Settlers'Associaton, Representative in the Legislature, nominee of the Democraticpartv for Railroad Commissioner andfor Congress and candidate for Secretary of State in 1899 and secretary ofthe Gen. Morgan's Men Association.The body of Col.t Keller rests in theCarlisle cemetery beside his wife, whopreceded him to the grave severalyears.Bourbon Horses Shipped "to Europe.III3,000-3,000 Delighted Visitors"hourly. 200 Entertainers.Performers and Actors. 30Concessions and Spectacles.Glittering, Gathering Colossial Combination. Awe Inspiring Amalgamation. Dazzling Unification,Krause .GreaterShowsConcaternation of Carnival Colossi. 1001 Nights inSix.The most stupendousamusement conception ofits kind on earth. Evolved, planned, executed andpresented by BenKrause, theNapoleon of the tented world.3 Free Attractions 3AfternoonI and EveningIIIAnother big shipment of valaublethoroughbred brood mares, yearlingsand weanlings is to be made out ofKentucky next week. They are theproperty of Mr. Catesby Woodford,owner'of Raceland Stud, Jthis county,and they number sixty-two head thirty-fourbrood mares, sixteen yearlings and twelve "weanlingF. Theyare to be shipped from Paris tomorrow to New York from where they willsail next Saturday for Berlin, Germany, to be sold by auction the latterpart of October at HoDpegarten.The shiDment will be under the su-nv..T;0n nf M Ph!l !' P.hinn nr tVio fpciviauii Ui 1U1 J. 1111 J-. U1II1I11 UUU IUSauction will be under the auspices ofthe German Jockey Club, with GeorgeEhlers, editor of Detuscher Sport,direcily in charge of the details of thesale.This"shipment is far'superior to anycollection of mares that were ever exported from America to be sold .byauction in any European country.The mares are by Hastings, BenBrush, Albert, Meddler, Knight ofthe Thistle, Hanover, Sir Dixon, Voter. Sempronius. Sweetheart, St.Carlo, Teuton, Star Shoot, Hindoo,Goldfinch, Flying Dutchman andOneko. Thejyearlings and weanlingsto belshippedfare by Hastings, Filligrane, woolstnorpe, Miller, MarShoot, Cesarion, Plaudit and Stalwart, and theyareian excellent "looking lot. They will compare favorablywith any thoroughbreds of their agesin this country today.Father Gets Custody of His Boy.Pending'the decision of the Appellate Court in the.case oflH. H. Hamilton against the Christian Widows'and Orphans' Home at Louisville onappeal from the Bourbon Circuit CourtCarey Holton Hamilton, agedll4'yearr,will be in the custody of his father,H.rH. Hamilton, of this county, thisdecision being handed down by JudgeDenis Dundon Friday in the habeascorpus proceedings instituted J)y Hamilton. In obedience to the order of JudgeRobert L. Stout at the June term ofCircuit Court, the child was given intothe custody of Deputy Sheriff W. 'F.Talbott, upon the application of theofficials of the Orphans Home, for thereturn of the boy to that institution,and the officer was restrainedjfiom carrying out the order of the court by thewrit wb;ch was instituted at the instance of Hamilton's attorneys, R. B.Hutchcraft and J. J.Williams, of thiscity.However, in obedience to the mandate of the higher court the child wasdelivered to the home last Tuesday buttheijwritfprovided Jfor hisjreturn at thehearing Saturday" The attorneys forHamilton contended the decision ofJudge Stout was not binding, becausethe judgment had notbeen entered before the departure of Judge Stout andthat the decreejiad not been signed bythe official.Talbott & Whitley, the opDOsingcounsel, contended that the judgmentof the higher court was an agreedjudgment and that an appeal to, theCourt'of Appeals was presented by H.H. Hamilton and Frank Bedford uponthe judgment entered and that Hamilton was stopped from claiming thatthe judgment was not binding uponthe parties who had ' agreed to thejudgment being entered on the recordsof the court.The attorneys for Mr. Talbott filed ageneral demurrer setting up the replywhich claims that the judgment was notvalid.The Billing Trtihy.Mr. C. K. G.'-Billings. of New York,the man who, at his own expense, tookthe World's Champion Trotters to Europe and exhibited them without remuneration for the purposeof showingforeigners the merits of the Americantrotter, has given to the KentuckyTrotting Horse Breeders Associationa magnificent gold cup, which will bepresented to the owner of the horsetrotting the fastest heat ina race during the Lexington Meeting, October8-19. and this prize will probablygo tothe horse who wins the Transylvania, the October prize, or the FreeFor All. Last year it was won byCharley Mitchell 2:04 1-4, atter whichthe horse was sold to Mr. Billings himself. The man who owned the winnerlast year is now the owner of Baden,one of the grandest race horses theworld!ever saw. and if he wins thiscup two years in succession, it will besomething that few men have accomplished inthe history of racing.Wedding Presents.From a 25 cent hand-painted plateto cut glass of the newest and richestdesign, atBUTLERS'.17-4t Opp. Court House."Special Prices on Rugs.We offer the following special priceson rugs this week:Special 9x12 Axminister rugs, only.$16.50.Special 9 by 12 Brussell rugs, only12.75.These are certainly bargains,spt 17-tf A. Jb WHEELER & QO.Now On Display.Our new line of fall hat3'await yourinspection. All styles, shopes and prices. Come in today and pick yoursout.24 tf MITCHELL & ELAKEMOKE.The Best Made.Yerkes & Prichard sell the threebest drills made, Peoria. Superior andKentucky." " 20-4tOne oi Our Specialties.Fresh weinerwurst and horse radish. The first of the season. Youknow we have a reputation on thesearticles. Let us have your order.20-2t SAUER.HISS EMMA MEIERWorld's Champion Lady SwimmerAfter civing an exhibition of fancy diving, Miss Meier mounts aladder to the heigth of 75 feet and makes a leap for life in threefeet of -water.Professor Cox and His Mammoth BalloonThe Royal Italian Band Of Solo Artists,Twelve Big Shows, and Attractions.Ail NewAll CleanAll Moral. Brilliantly Illumined with 5,000 ElectricBulbs.Fined for Riding Freight Train.Three men, who gave their namesas Frank, all brothers, and anotherby the name ot Henry Smith, : allwhite, were arrested Friday night 'byChin.f of Police J. C. Elgin, on chargespreferred bv tne officials of the Louisville and Nashville railroad andlodged in jail. "The men rode a freighttrain into Paris and so doing causedtheir arrest. Before Squire L. J.Fretwell Saturday morning a fine of$10 and costs was placed against eachof the offenders. The fine againstSmith was suspended.Fall Festiyal Will Opt. TwUy.Wet, disagreeblo weather yesterdayretarded the prorgesa of erecting thetents and other equipment of theKrause greater.showa .whjch will exhibit here this week under the auspices of the local lodge of Maccabees,but better weather is expected todayand the carnival festival will bethrown open to the public this afterJJnoon at 2:30 o'clock.The Krause shows numbering fourteen arrived here Sunday night, maKing a long jump from an Ohio town.The aggregation is the largest seenhere in many a day, and the accumulation of attractions are said to be thevery best carried by any carnivalcompany on the road today. Fullytwo hundred people are carried by thecompany acting in every capacity.The attractions that will be offeredto the public are all said to be of thevery highest order with nothing tooffend the most fastidious, and great,regret is expressed that the companycould not get the festival under wayyesterday. There is a multitude ofthe very newest ideas and amusementdevices galore. The carnival company has received the highest praisefrom bothxthe press and public in allthe towns where it has exhibited.Yesterday afternoon the ItalianBand uner the direction of Prof.Olivet, gave a concert in front of thecourt house and the program washeartly enjoyed by all who had thepleasure of hearing it. The band numbers fifteen pieces and is the best beyond a doubt that has made an appearancelhere with a carnival company.This afternoon, Miss Emma Maier,heralded as the champion lady swimmer of the world will give an exhibition of fancy swimming and diving atthe carnival grounds. She will mountto a ladder seventy-five feet in the airand will dive into a tank containingthree and one-half feet ot water. Thisattration will betfree to the public and.will be repeated each afternoon andevening during the week.Real Estate Transfers.The following real estate transfershave been made in the office ot theCounty Clerk in the past few days :Avaline P. Winston to WilliamWeathers, tract ot land near NorthMiddletown, 200 and other considerations. Mansfield & Kiser to KathrynWalker, lot on Clifton street inParis, SI.G.:M.;Mansfield toF. P. Kiser, threelots on Nineteenth street in Paris. $1.-F. P. Kiser to G. M. Mansfield, onelot on'Nineteenth street, two on Clifton street, and two on Brent street inParis, $1 and other considerations.NOTICE.City taxes for the year1912 are now in my handsfor collection at my office atthe Deposit Bank.C. K. THOMAS,26-tf City Collector.Rye and Timothy.We have choice Northern and homegown seed rye, also timothy seed, forqolp20 tf R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.Notice.Dr. Clara B. Matthews will be inher office on and after September 30-24 2tCommission on Paying Basis.The Fish and Game Commission ison a paying basis, having receivedfrom hunter's license since July 12,S5.090. This amount is net as the fif-teen, cent feet, to County Clerks for issuing the licenses has been paid. Jefferson county heads the list in the number of Hunters' licenses, holding 474.The counties having the laigest number of licenses follow : Daviess, 252:Henderson, 216; Hopkins, 216;Christian, 260; McCracken, 199; Union.155; Fayette, 152; Bourbon, 139; Webster, 136, and Harrison, 114.8 CIT"5T LOTt 'Li I fill Wspr mmaSFJk, I" " "ik flgriculturl Bank of Paris.-Capital Surplus ProtectionS 1 00,00.00 . $67,500.00 . $267,500.00AUTUMN CHANGES FOR COOL DAYSCALL FOR CHANGES OF THE HOMEand we have been very busy each day of this month getting ready for you oil. Now our stockof furniture, Carpets, Rugs, Cook Stoves and Heaters is complete for the home.1111 11Jft) ,nuiminnwonMA v. I rTT" 1Brass and Iron Beds.:Now that you go to your winterroom, we have planned a nice HBrass or Iron Bed to make the night Urest all that you require.PRICES $1.95 UP T1D $48.00.GET YOURHEATERBEFORE THERUSHand be ready for the cool nights andmornings.rvThe Baby.Cool nights call for the baby'sbed. We are well fixed for you tokeep them warm for these nights'rest.$5.75 UP TO $14.25.LET US SHOW YOU SOME OP OUR COMFORTS AND BLANKETSA. F. WHEELER FURNITURE CO.m run im imrt ms. iriAd. ukccin, nanager. 0)HSite Cowt Housese ft&n-Ei.j s''-"ic '"u t:'' CvTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER "H 1912m BOURBON NEWS.vnfesiALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGInsure your tobacco withMcClure & Clendenin. E.T. Phone 235. Home Phone72.Temporary Librarian.Miss Maria Tipton of Paris, has beenulacfd in temporary charge of theParis Public Library, and will fill theosition until the return of Miss Celeste Lucas, the regular librarian, whohas gone to Michigan for her health.Davis "Twenty" for Fall.We have alwaysTmada good on our?20 suits, but this lall the DavisTwenty is way ahead of any clothesat similar prices ever shown.J. W.S'JAOatequal and Alcorn.We have just received a fresh car ofOatequal and Alcorn. Finest feed forhorses and cows. Try some.24 4t YERKES & FR1CHARD.Electric Light Consumers.ar cautionedto have a care to turnoff ieir lights when not in use. Darkda - will soon be upon us and lightli , will naturally increase in size.D i't waste the current.Woman Kills Husband.Charles Lane, aged 65 years, wasshot and killed by his bride of threemonths, Mrs. Helen Williams Lane,aged 50, at their home in Danville.Friday night. Mrs.;Lane was placedin jail charged with the murder. Shewill plead self defense.Pickling.If you are pickling we have cauliflower, cucumbers, pickling onionsand plentv of spice and vinegar.G. P. COOK & CO.New Organist Selected.Miss Clara Belle O'Neal has beenelected to the position of organist atthe Christian church, made vacant bythe resignation of Miss Betsy Ray,who has filled thepositicn for .severalyears. Miss U'Neal was a pupil ofMiss Ray and will fill the position withcredit to herself and eacher.Carpets and Rugs.Come to the carpet and rug store ifyou want something nice at reasonable prices. Large stock to selectfrom. No shop-worn patterns, all new.x J. T. HINTON.The Carpet and Rag Store.We have one of the largest stocks ofcarpets and rugs in the State. No oldpatterns, all the latest syles to selectfrom. Call in and let us save youmoney.J. T. HINTON.Bookkeeper for Bank Selected.ThM "nirpntnrs of the Peonle's Bankot Paris met Saturday afternoon forthe rjurpose of selecting a bookkeeperfor the institution, the only vacancvamong the offices of the bank whichhad not been filled. Mr. (WilliamBryan. of Little Rock. Ithis county,was chosen over several other applicants. Mr. Bryan recently resignedthe cashiership of the Citizens Bank,of Little Rock.'a position he has heldsince the organization of the bank.He is a worthy young man. very popular and is well known in?banking circles throughout Central Kentucky.Pickling Time.Pickling vinegar, the best on themarket. Plentv of spices of all kinds.24 2t ' T. LENIHAN.CHOICE SEED.We are headquarters forchoice Seed Wheat, Seed Ryeand Timothy Seed.13-6 C S. BRENT & BRO.Hurt in Auto Accident.Miss Nellie Linville, of this city,who is on a visjt to her aunt, Mrs.Anna Trigg, in Portsmouth, 0., waspainfully injured as a result ot an automobile accident which occurred inthat city Friday. Miss Linville wasout with a party of friends Friday afternoon when the machine in whichthey were riding skidded and turningturtle threw the occupants out. Shesustained a SDrained ankle 'while herface and head wee badly bruised andcut and one hand severely lacerated.As a result she will be confiend to herroom for several days nursing her injuries. Stetson Velours.Something different in hats. Herein all colors at 5.j. w. davis & co:Preserving Pears.We have plenty of them.C. P. COOK & CO.Paris Minister Called to SouthCarolina.Rev. E.'M. Lightfoot. pastor of theParis Baptist chuch, has received acall from'the Baptist church at Clinton, S. C.,rand will reach a decisionin the matter within the next week.The pastorate of the churchrat Clinton,was tendered Rev. Lightfoot abouta month ago, and during his vacationin the Souto tniP summer ne visiteathat city rilling the pulpit at thechurch on two occasions.;Mr. Lightfoot came to'JJParis fromSouth Carolina abotu two years agoand his religious worki in this city hasbeen highlypleasing to the membersf his congregation. He has the callndr consideration and should he decide to accent his resignation will 'betenderedth local church bj October 1. vrt5&,swftPERSONAL MENTION.Mrs. FrankP. Webb is in Louisville visiting relatives.Mrs. W. H. Harris is the 'guest offriends and relatives in Carlisle.Mr. Charles Shea, of Cincinnati,is visiting relatives in this city.Mr. Chas. D. Webb returned Friday from a business trip to Louisville.Miss Eliazbeth Steele is the euestof Miss Martha Waller in Cincinnati.Mrs. Lula F. Leer, of Millersburg1,is the guest of her cousin, Mrs. C. C.Leer.Mrs. W. R. Hukill has gone toLouisville fur a months' visit to relatives. Miss Frances Hancock has returned from a visit to relatives in Virginia. Mr. and Mrs. Henry McGinley andchildren visited relatives near CarlisleSunday.Mr. and'Mrs.'E.C. Slack, of Maysville, are guests of Mrs. Clarence A.Hedges.Mrs Emilie Holstein, of Los Angeles.Cal, is the guest of Mrs DouglasThomasl Messs. Geoge Doyle and FrankRoche left yesterday for Louisville tospend the week.Mrs. SallieyTurney, of Cynthiana,is visiting Misses May and Lucy Colville'in this city.Miss Martha Ferguson was theguest last week of Miss Helen Lafferty in Lexington.Mr. Clark Kemper, of Bourboncounty, has gone to Mt. Sterling for av sit to relatives.Mrs. Thompson Tarr left yesterday for Oklahoma City, Okla.,forlatwo. weeks' visit to friends.Mrs. Harry Saloshin haa returnedfrom a visit to her parents, Mr. andMrs. M. Straus, in Cincinnati.Messr. James Wills and TaylorChandler returned Sunday after'several days' stay at.West Baden, Ind.Mrs. Joseph S. Godman is seriously ill at her home on South Mainstreet, suffering from rheumatism.The Young Ladies' Mission Circlewill meet afthe home of Mrs. WithersDavis, Tuesday afternoon, at 3 o'clock.The Prorgessive Culture Club willmeet at their club rooms in the ElkBuilding at 2:30 o'clock on Wednesday.Miss Lottie Hostetter, who hasbeen the guest of Mrs. A. R. Dennison, has returned to her home in Carlisle. Miss Allie Stone, of this city, remains critically ill'at Wilson Hospitalin Maysville with no hopes of her recovery. Mrs. Elliott Ford has returnedhome after a visit to Miss JessieHarp and Mrs. W. W. Evans, in Lexington. Miss Jeanette Fuller, of Austinburg, 0., a W. C. T. U. organizer,was the guest of Mrs. William Myalllast week.Mr. and Mrs.fJohp I. Bronson, ofJacksonville, Fla.. are guests of thelatter's mother, Mrs. .Camilla Wilson,in this city.Mr. Norwood Siitt, son of Judgeand Mrs. Harmon Stitt. has gone toMillersburg to attend the MillersburgMilitary Institute.Mr. J. T. Hinton, Jr., of Huntington, W. Va., was the guest of hisfather, Mayor J. T. Hinton, from Saturday until yestreday.Mrs. 'Thomas Conway and son,Malcolm, of Chicago, 111, are guests ofthe former's sister, Mrs. J. MorganBrown, in East'Paris.Mr. Brice Steele, who recently underwent an operation at the St. JosephHospital, in Lexington returned homefom the institution Saturday.Mr. and Mrs. Alvin Davis and twochildren and.Mrs. Laura Perry movedto Covington, Saturday, where theywill make their future home.Mrs. Emerson, who has been theguest of Mrs. B. B. Marsh at herhome near this city has returned toher home inMDklahoma City. Okla.Mr. T. E. Moore has been visitingin the city for several days Mr Moorehas business interests in Eastern Kentucky which occupies most of histime.Mr. and Mrs. John K. Smith anddaughter. Miss Gertrude Smith, andson, Mr. Robert Smith, of Dayton,Ky., were guests Sunday of Mr. andMrs. L. B. Purnell.Miss Mary ' Fithian Hutchcraft,Messrs. Charlton Clay and MauriceBurnaugh, of this city attended thedance given bv Mr. JoseDh Specht atthe Country Club Friday night.1 Mr. Oscar Hinton left last nightfor Ann Arbor, Mich., where he willresume his studies at Ann Arbor Uni-Washington before returning to college.Miss Leora Waird, the teacher ofmusic in the Pans City School, hasrented the west side ot the doublebrick residence ofMiss Margaret Terry on Twelfth street, and has gone tohnnsekeeDincr. Prof, and Mrs. HomerWilson, of Lexington, have takenboard with Miss Waird.Mrs. W. L. Yerkes entertained themembers of the six-hand euchre clubvery delightfully Saturday afternoonat her home on Main street. Gardenflowers were used to decorate therooms, and after a number of games,a tempting salad course was enjoyedbv the ladies. Only twelve, membersof the club werejpresent, and the afternooa was pleasantly spent.Embroidery Display..ntpmhor 24 in 27 Mrn. D S. VJoat-on will have on display at Mrs. CorneWatson Baird'8 millinery store handembroidered waists and embroideredmarquisette dress patterns. It willp3y you tojiall and Bee them.Arriving Daily.New Fall Footwear arriving" daily atI 10 tf FELD'S SHOE SI ORE.We have just received acar load of heaters of thefamous Florence hot blast,the best stove on earth forthe money. See us for lowestprices when in need of astove. See our window display. E. M. WHEELER FURNITURECOMPANY.Former Parisian Launches PaperThe News is in receipt of a copy ofthe Salineville, Ohio. Journal, the firstissue ot which anpeared on September19. .The paper is edited by Mr. H. C.Willett. formerly of this city, a cousinof Mrs. John Snyder, of Paris. Mr.Willett has been identified with thenewspaper business in Ohio for anumber of years, besides having extensive manufacturing interests inHarrison, O.Newest Styles.The very latest things in fall andwinter hats now on display at ourstore. All the new shades Stonegrey, Chine mixed grey, tobaccobrown, goldenlbrown, redwood mixed,olive, ebony, etc.24 tf MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.Annual Assembly.The annual assembly of Paris Chapter No. 30, Royal and Select Masters,Paris. f.Ky., will be held tonight at7:30 o'clock. Election of officers, reception of petitions and conference ofdegrees. A full attendance is earnestly requested.Falls from Interurban Car.Clinging to the top of a Pans interurban car in Lexington Saturday hightto adjust a trolley pole J. R. Farrow,conductor, slipped on the wet top of Hiecar and fell to the street, fracturinghis left hin. He was picked up and taken to bt. Joseph's Hospital. The troll?y had become entangled in the overhead wire and as it has been rainingthe conductor lost his footing and wasunable tolkeep from falling. Farrowis well-known in Paris.Announcement.We wish to announce our Fall Display of well selected Millinery willtake place on September 25 and 26.Something to please all tastes and allpocket-books,td MRS. CORNE WATSON BAIRD.For Sale Privately.Good building lot on west side ofSouth High street, fronting on High50 feet and extending back 149 feet.This lot is a most desirable locationand one of the best building lots inthis section of the city. For furtherinformation, terms.getc, apply toFRANK BURTON,24-3-tpd 188 Seventh street.Guaranteed DividendCincinnati, Newport and Covington Light and Traction Co. Preferred and Common Stock. Taxexempt in Kensucky.The Street Railway System connecting Cinainnati with Covington,Newport, Bellevne, Dayton, Ludlowand other Suburban towns controlling public Lighting and Heating inthese towns.Increased IncomeCommon stock pays 5 1-2 percent, this year and commencingnext April, dividend is at rate of6 per cent. At present price common stock nets 6 per cent, andyour income increasas next year.Franchises and contracts are ingood position 'and the leasing company which guarantees dividendsdeposited $1,250,000 to protect termsof lease. Stock has ready market andis recommended as a safe investment.Ask for detailed information.WMCINCINNATINEW YORKESTABLISH ELD 1566'MEMBERS CINCINNATI AND NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGESCHICAGO BOARO OF TRADE AND N. Y. COTTON EXCHANGEMB I1 WeCordiallyInviteYou toOpenAn AccountWithBourbon Bank &!Trust Co.Paris, -Kentucky.Capital 100,000.00Surplus Profits 50,000.00We will appreciate your'business and favor you in every waypossibe.Try a Savings Account3 per cent. Interest,CompoundedSemi-Annually.Fall Millinery" Display.We wish to announce that Mrs.Caldwell has arrived from a trip toEastern "Millinery Centers" and isnow ready to consult with our customers relative to orders for Fall andWinter Millinery. Our Fall Displaywill take place Wednesdey and Thursday, September 25 ahd 26 Our shelves and cases will be filled with mostbeautiful dress hats and tailored hatsof the most fashionable designs. Theprices of our millinery will be madeto suit the pocket-books of all classes,td MRS. CORNE WATSON BAIRD.NOTICE!There will be a meeting of thescocKnoiaers ot the Bourbon CountyAgricultural Society held in thecourt house at Paris, Ky., Saturday,September 28, 1912, at 10 o'clock.This meeting is for the election ofofficers for the ensuing year. Allmembers are requested to be present.24-2t J. M. HALL, Pres.WhileSummer'sMereKODAKS $5 up.BROWNIECAMERAS,(Almost Kodaks)$1.00 to $12.00."S"KrkinrDauqneriy Bros'r" j .F r. . wwBL'M'hI-I-? .New Fall Goods,Having just returned from atour of the Eastern Markets weare in a position to show youthe very newest in Silks, DressGoods, Dress Trimmings, Laces,Lace Curtains, Neckwear andNovelties of every description.Come and help us make this aBanner Year. Your PatronageAppreciated.W. ED. TUCKER.mE2fALL SrtUAUICS.Some Good Things to Eat.Saratoga Chips,Always Fresh and Crisp.Old New York Cream Cheese.Made From Full Cream and Thoroughly Aged.Imported Swiss Cheese.Wc Pride Ourselves on its Quality.Franco Americam, Campbells,and VanCamp's Soups; Chase &Sanborn's Famous Boston Coffee.We are the exclusive selling agents for this celebratedline of Fine Teas and Coffees.X1 - djv."The Home of Good Things to Eat"IWBBBBIMMMBHt'V' t Hil . M . JK&OUAfW4Ui00nMAwrfUi&i- J9ea r Amy :-o9 eaiieci Ye,iercaY ori -As- eomer, urhohaA J-iisi. moved heAe. She olci me ha o6 offteA hing.6 urere Jbroken and AcaAAed in moving,and a6 ked' me, ince 6he was a &Aano.e.r in oywn,"o eLAeA urheAe o tray new f-u.AnLuAe.g9 iold he A o ao o no one Ir-a -uheAe ie aivavS Aade, ireca.-u.Je Jte tiro-ad he s-are o findvsha she uraned and a Aea&onaLJLe pAio.es.(tome -soon. &ye, &ye, jCo-a.(P. S.-77lrs. KleurcomeA ha6 jraA dropped in. - She-was 4o pleased urih he fiAniiAe she IroxiahfAomJi T. HINTON.I- EZLi OtM.M Jr. iSV .."-.-Ur4u2A"5"V.'"H-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 24,, 1912,HERE'STHEHOGmmmmvmGOOD VEAL DEMANDS MORE ATTENTION jJBOURBON REMEDY CO.,I Lexington, Ky.'Enclosed find photo of hog: that was cured ofcholera with your Bourbon Hoe Cholera Remcdy. This hoff-was almost dead before uslnsfthe medicine, and then was entirely cured, except loss of ears, tail, etc. The hog Is owned byJr. Skiles Ewing, of Bowling Green, Ky. Hewill be clad to give you a testimonial, and wecan get several more if you want them.y JENKINS-SUBLETT DRUG CO.,' Bowling Green, Ky,Ask Your Druggist for ItFor Safe dy W. T. Brooks.Insure with W. 0. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfFOR RENT.A modern five room cottage on Walker avenue. Possession given at once.ADply toSep 3 3c LEE STARKE.EXCURSIONParis, Ky.9 toCincinnati, O.,And Return.SUNDAY,SEPIEMBER2Pare $1.50 And Return.Excursion Train leaves 7thStreet Station Returning to Parisat 7 p. m. .cs,Tickets good only day of .sale.For further information, call on orivriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent.or J. K. SMITH, T. A.IVIENDR. DCLLE'SMESSAGE TOYOU CAN BE CURED BYV"V" .Ill's W&'z&s fkkJi.DB. C. L. DOLLE."Why Take" Treatment That Is Doing Ton3!b Good, When a 1'eiv Day under the careC Dr. Dollo "Will fehovr You How Easy ItIs to Care The&o Disenr es TYIicn the ProperTreatment Is Adtnlu.stired.Have you t-eated fr months and years, andbeen diappo :ttr"i wmJl to a think that jou canmot be cur '1 You, no doubt, all this time have"been treat" y mexjvienocd doctors who hadneither su! let no'Wcdge nor experience toknow bow c rij-o you.Tkese arr t:s ciNoat-os of which. I liavocured soma, n-jtly ptVing rao the reputation, for curt s of vrhicli I urn so proud.Blood Discasss, Skia DiseasesI will rivc j ou trCiitment that will in a fewdays car til rish, spots nud every sign andsymptom iV tresitnient prets the poison out ofthe sysUru' :.itemi o: driving it m like ordinarytre&txric-: 1 curt, blood diseases and skin disease go t . i .:not coiiie buck.Varicooelc, causing aching or pain ingroin, cr bo.cii, irerrcusness, "Weakness,Iioss of Vitality. Lack cf Ambitionily c teatuient cure is what you shouldhave auu v uu : ou vrll have to have to be curedright. On3 o le vi.l is required. I do no cutting and iou su'lc ro pain nor trouble. Allsigns dia;peor m a lew daysKervous Troubles, Lost Vitality3CycoaVael trcatnitiit for thece troubles foomniGn.a:non; those -who ha e become weak andwoniout, ho have caused itb folly, dissipationaad excesses, s remarkably good. No one believesIww -quickly it teucfit uutil they have taken it.It overcomes weakness, renousnes. pain inback, lack of energy, ambition and strength it'sjast the treatment I have found so efiective mtreating such diseases.Kidney and Bladder Troublesare scientifically cured by me. My methods iraawdiately benefit you, and the majority of casesI cure come from physicians and specialists whofailed.Pile? Pictfllflf lean cure you so-llC, r iLUlctC quickly and easilythat you will be surprised. I will give you justtke result and cure you are looking for -withoutAjwrgical operation.Acute Hi fl Itching, BurningAyiHC LJlZXZcUsCS fitrong drug storeT aedies seldom cure. My treatment stops everyujMitom and cures in a few days. It is scientificthat's the only sure way to be cured so it willH come back.Th oaa take my Treatment without at RHd pay me after I cure you. I knowthat I can give you new life, new hope, and canraetere you back to health and happiness. Ilraaw that every man will pay after I nave ellmiMrted every trace of disease from his system.Huroscopical and analytical urinalysis FEEE.Imti writeen a book that ought tp be in thehMdfi of every suffering man in this country. Iwal Mad you a copy, free, if you will write me atMge the disease for which you desire treatement,jBtn, 0 to 4: Sundays, 0 to 1 p. m. Evenings,T t8.on Monday .Wednesday and Saturday nightsTen-Months Old Calf Raised in Missouri.The high price of mutton during thepast few years has encouraged, particularly dairymen, to pay more attention to making good veal, but there isa -woeful lack of this kind of meat nowon the market.Most dairymen will not take thetrouble to fatten calves, but send themto market just as soon as they arepast the age limit, and the result isentirely unsatisfactory, both to theseller and the customer.Well fatted calves, weighing from120 to 150 pounds, always bring highprices, no matter what the conditionof the cattle market may be. City people eat a great deal of veal and wouldconsume much more if they could getwhat they want, but the stuff seen onthe market is for the most partstringy, unfinished and not at all satisfactory. Many calves are sold when a -weekold, at 3 to 4 cents per pound, whenif fed until they weighed 25 pounds,would bring double the money, butdairymen have not yet learned how tofeed calves, in order to make goodveal.The European farmers make goodmoney out of the right calves. Theyoungster is carefully fed from theday he is born, being confined in darkstalls. He is fed liberally on oatmeal,whole milk at the start and skimmilk later, Tvith some roots, andwhen he goes to market he is aboutas toothsome a morsel as can be foundanywhere. Englishmen are very fondof this kind of meat, and price cuts nofigure with them.There is no reason why our dairymen should not increase their profitsmaterially by feeding their calves;and it has always been a source ofwonder to us why they so neglect thispart of their business.The fact is, the American public, toa large extent, is so prejudiced againstveal, having read gruesome talesabout bob veal being too often mar-fketed, that thousands are afraid tobuy veal of any kind. If a better system of feeding calves were adopted,and the business systematized, wewould have in a few years a line ofchoice meat that would sell readily atvery high prices.Thefirst thing to be done would beto amend the laws, to prevent therailroad and express companies shipping veal under four weeks of age.The amount of immature stuff thatgoes to market every day is appalling,and we believe that 75 per cent, of itis unfit for food. How it gets pastthe inspectors is something no mancan find out.LAMB RAISING PAYSFARMER QUITE WELL !IiSheep Industry on the AverageFarm is Considered SideIssue.CHEAPEST HAY FORFORAGE IN WINTERSecond Crop Clover Is First ClassFeed for Cows andSheep.C. L. DOLLE, M. D.rmc VeiUKBia xneater sm walnut St., between- Fifth and Sixth Streets.m tor the Cekuftbkt Theater, art y m uJeM yea this.The farmer who will pay close attention to his breeding stock andraise native lambs of uniform sizeand breed, feed them intelligently andmarket them at the right time canmake more profit from his flock thanfrom any other farm investment. Asa rule the "native" lambs sent to themarkets are so badly mixed, both asto breed and feeding, that they are atorment to the buyer and of little profit to the owner.This is one of the reasons why thewestern range lambs find great favorin the big markets. They the moreuniform in size as they are fed inlarge flocks and go to market practically in the same condition. Only asmall portion of the "native" lambsthat are sold in the eastern marketscan be called prime, and his fact isentirely the fault of the farmer.As a rule, sheep-raising on the average farm is merely a side issue andlittle attention is given to it. Theremedy of the present condition of thenative lamb maifcet lies entirely withthe men who prfcduce the lambs.Whenever the farmers are engagedin the producing of prime lambs formarket at any season of the year, thebusiness has proven highly profitable.Of course the best markets are justbefore Christmas and in the earlyspring; at this period the prices arealways high.America is becoming a great mutton-eatingnation, and if the farmerswill improve their flocks and their jmethods of 'feeding there is no reasonwhy the native lamb market shouldnot prove more profitable than thatcontrolled by the range districtHOGGING CORN CROPINSTEAD OF HUSKINGSome Farmers Find This Practice of Much Advantage atTimesIn these days of expensive labor,farmers sometimes find it to their advantage to hog off some of their corninstead of huskingit. The amount thatshould be hogged off should be decidedupon beforehand, and should of coursebe proportionate to the number ofhogs which are expected to consumeit. There should be access to water,and the results will be all the better ifthe hogs, at the same time, can haveaccess to a clover, blue grass or alfalfa field.Corn should not be hogged off until it is pretty well matured; that is,until the grain are well dented. Hogging it off before that time means awaste of feeding value, lor corn growsuntil the leaves are killed by frost ordie naturally. There are many casesin which it is quite as well and muchcheaper to hog the corn off than, tohusk it and feed it to the hogs, andthe practice is growing more popularvery year.&Second crop clover is a first-classwinter forage for cows and sheep.Clover, when cured without being damaged by rain, is the cheapest and besthay for cows in milk and ewes withyoung lambs. Owing to the shortnessof the hay crop throughout the countrythe young clover and foxtail and ragweeds growing in the wheat stubblesshould be cut and cured before the fallrains set in. Second crop clover isworth too much as feed to plow underfor manure. Save the crop for feedand plow under the stubble this falland lime for corn in the spring. Asfood for poultry, when bulk is needed,poultry men say that no other clover,except it may be alfalfa, is equal tosecond-crop red clover, cut and curedfree from rain and steeped in boilingwater during the night for feeding thenext day. Use the water in which theclover was steeped in for mixing withbran and corn chop, which, with theclover, makes one of the best winterfoods for laying hens during the winter months.In the grain-growing districts thesecond crop is usually cut for seed.If the first crop is cut early and thestubble dressed with 200 pounds ofplaster to the acre a good crop of seedmay be grown if the season is favorable. Bees are a great help in distributing the clover pollen. After theseed is harvested the stubble is plowedfor corn.NEED OF MOISTENINGCORN WHILE IN SILOExcellent Time is When Crop isToo Ripe or SeverelyFrozenOrdinarily corn cut at the propertime does not need any water addedto make good silage. There aretimes, however, when it is necesasryto add water to the corn in filling thesilo. The corn in the silo at thetime of filling should feel moist, ifnot moist, water should be added.Under any of the following conditions water should be added to thecorn when filling the silo: First,when the corn is too ripe, and theleaves and part of the stalks are driedout to such an extent that they willnot pack well. Second, when thecorn Is severely frozen before it hasreached the proper degree of maturity, liberating the moisture and leaving the leaves and stems dry. Third,when refilling the silo late in the fallwith shocked corn it is always necessary to add water.There are two ways to add water.First, put a hose in the silo and thoroughly saturate the dry portions, especially around the walls. Second,where the blower cutter is used, runen inch stream of water into theblower when it is at work. This willadd a sufficient amount of water toinsure good results.te A.a part of the regular diet isScotfs EmulsionIts highly concentrated nutritivequalities repair waste and createphysical resistance faster thandisease can destroy. - All Druggists.Scott & Bowne Bloomfield. N j 12-11Use for Adhesive Plaster.If a pane of glass in the window iscracked and you fear the winter'sblast will blow it in over night, or asummer's rain and wind storm willshatter the remainder, patch it upwith adhesive plaster until the glaziercan put in a new pane.Repels Altack of Death."Five years ago two doctors told meI had only two years t.to live." Thisstartling statement was made by Stillman Green, Malachite, Col. "Theytold me 1 would die of consumption.It was.up to me then to try the bestlung medicine and I began to use Dr.King's New Discovery. It, was well Idid, for today I am working and believe I owe my life to this great throatand Jung cure that has cheated thegrave of another victim." It is follyto sueffer with coughs, colds or otherthroat and lung troubles now. Takethe cure that's safest. Price 50 centsand SI. Trial bottle free ai Oberdorfer's. Not a Time to Be Hasty."Father, our daughter is beingcourted by a poet." "Is that so, mother; I'll kick him out." "Not so fastInvestigate first and find out whetherhe works for a magazine or for abreakfast food factory." LouisvilleCourier-Journal.Few, if any, medicines, have 'metwith the uniform success that has attended the use of Chamberlain's Colic,Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy. Theremarkable cures of colic and diarrhoeawhich it has effected in almost everyneighborhood have given it a wide reputation. For sale by all dealers.Looking After the Nickel.Alfred, aged five, had intentlywatched his mother place a coin in atelephone box and speak to his father.When the latter returned home in theevening Alfred eagerly inquired: "Didyou catch the nickel mamma put in,the little black box, papa?" VHow's This?We offer one Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.F. J. Cheney & Co.. Toledo, 0.We, the undersigned, have known bJ. Cheney for the last 15 years and believe him perfectly honorable in allbusiness transactions and financiallyable to carry out anv obligations madeby his firm.NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE,Toledo O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucous surtaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Pi ice 75 centsper bottle. Sold by all druggists.Take Hall's Family "Pills for constipation.The ColoredAgriculuralAssociation ofBourbon County,To show their appreciation forthe liberality and kindness shownthem by the white people ofBourbon and Fayette counties,will give a bigFree Cake Walkat Fair Grounds, onFriday of the Fair,September 20,For a Cash Prize of$25.00of which $12 is to go to the firstlady and gentleman, $7 to thesecond and $6 to the third.Entrance solicited from all partsof the State. Entrance free.HARVEY HELDS, Pres.. STEPHEN MOORE, Sect.Hot and ColdBATHS'Hot nd cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits You are next.M. A. KAHAL.NOTICE !All persons holding claims againstJulia Frank, deceased, areBherebynotified to present the same, provenas required by the law to the undersigned. All persons indebted to the saidJnlia Frank, deceased, are requestedto call and settle same with undersigned. CARRIE FRANK,HELEN FRANK, 42-3wks Executrixs.Job Printing)WORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!syTRE J9B ReOfflS OFTHEBHRBNNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such as-upBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOG ,POSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders, for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.- -Let us figure with .you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type . is new and modernfaces.ZU Bourbon ftew$,104 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.ftUUUiiUUUUUiUX..THE, B0yfcBON; NEWS, PARIS,,' JNTUCKY, SEMBER ;24s 18i3amBBmEK&mmQmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwmmmmmmmmammmmmmmmmmmmmmmammmmmmmlm ' """.' '. ' i fcijMa m mimmamsm- w I " r- - '1 WV! ' "r' .' '..j -'...viL:,1 '.' irit-t-jujww 'v "- 'HHIv WBiHlBHBIBBF BHHBr HHHV jHIHHIHHIHF BWCurtis Henry & Co.,Groceries, Drygoods, Fresh and CuredMeats, Vegetables, Fruits, Etc.iIf it comes from Henry's it's all right,because they handle the best and freshestthe markets afford. Their store is clean, freefrom flies, and evrything is handled in a'san-itary way. When you deal with them youget polite attention and prompt delivery, noextra charge for either.Call either 'phone 442, and they will be'glad to serve you.LCURTIS HENRY CO.Cor. 1 4th and MainPOPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKYSUNDAY, Sept. 39Qc.RoundTrip75RoundTrip2E2jc the Famous High Dridse BAND CONCERT, High Bridge Park, (Popular Airs.)Vizlzzts sold ai GECF5GETQWM zood only on Special Train i caving at 1 0.50 am.For Fu!J Information Call On Any Ticket Agent, Or AddressJl ri. C. rUree, Passenger and Ticket Agent,SC1 E. Wain St. Phone 49 LEXINGTON, KY.Department StoreCor. 7th and Main- hummIvi Vf n'IctiTq"WOjiOM-31SPECIALPrice This WeekExtra FineROYAL CORSETSizesAll LengthsoCall in andExamine Them.LETTER "CAME BACK"VA . -ss -$The LatestThingtinfStovesPVminWht' suDDer. as for any other meal at anyMother time, the very latest thing in stovesHthebestithat stove-artists can do is aIt Burns OilNo AshesIt Concentrates HeatNo WasteIlls Handy' No DirtIt is ReadyNo Delayya, va i u ; ainrTfriJfOil Csck-stoveconcentrates the heal when you want itand where you want it It is as quick as gas,steadier and handier thaacoa!, cheaper thanLTbe New Perfection Stove has long. enaraeW,turouoae-blue chinmeyi. It is handsomely finishedi.i M. .U:n.t on tlrnn shelves, towelxn niccci, wm """, a, olMdewiia i.ccjduibws.-raeki. etcAll dealers carry the New f ertecban Storo.tr rL nv wth rr stove. Cook-Book alsotivea to anyoae sesvdiag 5 cents to cover mailing coUSTANDARD OIL COMPANYJ (Iacerporated ia Kentucky JCerlMiea. Kr L-iwOU. Ky Atkla, G Bkateglw AU.; d JckoTfflc. Fh.AND XHE QUESTION. IS, WHEREHAD IT BEEN? 'VMrs. Frances Hodgson Burnett WouldLike an Answer, if Any One WillReason It to Her CompleteSatisfaction.Mrs. Frances Hodgson Burnett tellsa. true story which she calls "The Mystery of My Life." And truly it 'is amystifying occurrence. ,It "was some time ago, while she wasliving in England. One night she anda friend were spending a quiet evening by the re, chatting, reading.Mrs. Burnett's friend, be it understood,sat throughout the event in an armchair by the fire, and did not leaveher place until all was over, so that,as in the case of conjurers, there couldhave been "no deception" on her part.Mrs. Burnett went in the course ofthe evening to her desk and wrote aletter. She signed, folded, directed,sealed and stamped it, and stood it upagainst a silver cigarette box on thecenter table. Then she arose to goand sit by the fire again.Presently, wishing the letter posted, she started to take steps towardhaving it mailed. She looked for it onthe center table, and the letter wasnot there. She looked all over thetable in vain. She rubbed her eyesand looked again. She knew she hadstood that letter up against the silvercigarette box, but it was not there.No one had entered the room, no onehad left it; her friend had sat motionless by the fire.Mrs. Burnett said to herself: "Iknow sometimes one's eyes are held.A. thing may be staring one straightin the face and not be seen. It mayseem to be masquerading as somethingelse!" And she began systematicallyexamining each object on the tableseparately, picking it up, naming it,and setting it down again, to makesure that it was itself and not the letter. "Is this the letter? No, this is aDresden china bonbon dish. Is this it?No, this is a brass candlestick; thisis a magnifying glass; this is an ivorypaper cutter; this is a carved woodenbox; this is a rose jar; this is an ashreceiver, and this, finally, is a silvercigarette box, and there is nothingelse on the table, and there is neitherhide nor hair of a letter to be seen!"Completely at a loss, Mrs. Burnettstrolled about the room to examineother possible surfaces where the letter might have been placed, had it notemphatically and unmistakably beenput upon the center table against thecigarette box. She searched on themantelpiece, on her desk, on the piano, on the bookcase no letter. Indiscouragement she turned again tothe center table for another hunt.There stood the letter demurely leaning against the silver cigarette box,exactly as she had placed it.And that such things are possible,and that they happen to such perfectlysane, clear-eyed, level-headed and reliable people as Mrs. Burnett is perfectly credible. Have we not all hadsimilar experiences? And if they werenot possible, whence come the worldold beliefs in elementals, in mischievous sprites, in elves and brownieswho play pranks upon us poor, dullmortals? Explain it how we may, thatis what happened to Mrs. Burnett.T-VIN BROS.PARIS, KENTUCKY. 'iBtf'I && IwHEmWtmLmm'm w 'F zM 'mm w1 1 HHH iiOEgH be&' I slHiI EiL'Orchids at Home.Very few children think of growingorchids on the window sill, but thesecan really be raised at home withvery little trouble. Of "course, theflowers in bloom seldom cost less thana dollar a piece and very often more,but the plants are not so very expensive. All that you need is a soap box,covered with a piece of glass. Putthe plants in this and place the box ina window where they can get plentyof sunlight. They won't require muchattention besides watering, and thisneedn't be done often, as the glass topwill keep the water frefn evaporatingvery rapidly. In winter, though, yourlittle hothouse will have to be heatedin some way. The easiest way to dothis, if your house is lighted withelectricity, is to run a wire into thebox and heat it with an electric light.The. implicit confidencethat mariyrpeople 'have in Chamberlain's. Colic;,t.notera and Diarrhoea Kemedy isfounded on their .experience in the useof that remedy and their knowledge ofthe many Jremarkab'e cures of colic,diarrhoea and dysentery that it haseffected. For sale by all dealers.NOTICEI have just secured a new barberfrom Chicago and am prepared to givethe public first class service. Give mea call. Shop is equiriped with electricfans to keep you cool. Three firstclass barbers. My bath tubs are always'ready. aug2tf BUCK FREEMAN.KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route",Hourly High Speed ThroughService.Paris Lexington FrankfortDivision.Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort eery hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m..and at 10 p. m., the last car going onlyas far as Versailles"Cars leave Lexington for Versailles.Frankfort and Paris, every hour from6 a. in. until 7 p. m, and at 9 andll o.m., the last car going only as far asVersailles.Cars leave Versailles Jfor Lexingtonand Paris every 15 minutes after thehour from 6 :15 a. m. until 8 :15 p. m.and at 11 :15 p. m.. last car going onlyas far as Lexngton.Cars leave Versailles for Frankfortevery 45 minutes after the hour from6:45 a. ro. until 7:45 p. m., and at 9:45p. m.Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington and Paris every thirty minutes after the hour from 6:30" a. m.until 7:30 p. m., and 10:30 p . m., thelast car going only as far as Lexington. GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTON-NICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexington and Nicholasville .every forty-fiveminutes after the honr from 5 :45 a. m.until 6:45 p. m., and at 8:05 and 10:05p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville every thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 Jp. m.,and at 9 and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville tor Lexington every fifteen minutes'after the hourfrom 6:15 a. m. until 8:15 p.m. and ?a10 :15 p.Tm.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetown every hour on the hour from 6a. m. until 7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p.m.No 6 a. m. cars on Sunday .17-tfBiiliiiijj u iiiiiiiiMMBlmmmsamT-Lj 1reeoKHammerless.22PEPEATED .TtS. B t-ll f-X. t--uu Acmiogiou ubu uaaa ennre oi beaafy loo !Sure Safe Shooting for Man or BoyAnd a dimple Rifle to Care ForThe Remington-UMC :22 Repeater is rifled, sighted andtested (or accuracy by expert gunsmiths. It shoots as you hold.The simple, improved safety device on every RemingtonUMC .22 repeater never fails to work. Accidental dischargeis impossible.The Remington-UMC .22 Repeater is easily cared for.In taking down, your fingers are your only tools. The breechblock, firing pin and extractor, come out in one piece permittingthe barrel to be deemed from the breech.The action handles .22 short, .22 long or .22 long rifle cartridges any or all at the same time without adjustment.Remington-UMC the perfect shooting combination "Remington Arms-Union Metallic Cartridge Go.299 Broadway 4 New York CityBilleted Himself on Society."I haven't done any work, and Idon't intend ever to do any more.They have had the best of my days inprison, and they will have to keep mefor the rest of my life," said a burglarat the London sessions.She Knew.He It is wonderful what mean'things you girls can say to 'each other,She Well, you'd say mean things tooif you were a girl and knew all theother girls were saying mean thingsabout you.ffsBourbon LaundryD.WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in "oing tip the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous f o fine work and itdever goes buck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatee.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.I fc tf,t,'iyiyi'yitlJJtk,iMl i WlUP h W;) uATOgEgP toWr llttI: E 'It I iI j :I II: ftJ; IfFLANDERS0rCUE&dsssp2 AiitomobilesTSzDo Modefsjim; j IYouWant the Best :TV? Ti TZiifA :: o .-.! a .jMore Athletics.Governor Wilson at a luncheon atSpripg Lake told, apropos of theabundant crops of 1912, a crop story."A country minister," he said, "meta farmer parishoner and asked: 'Isyour son going back to college thisfall?" 'Yes, he is, doctor,' the farmer answered. " 'But he's got his degree,' said theminister. 'What's the matter? Doesn'the know enough to suit you?'"'He knows enough book-learnin',said the farmer, 'but from the way he'sbeen helping with the harvestin' ofthe crops, I think he needs a few morgathletics. "Making It Sure.An aged merchant ras very ill. Hesent for the family lawyer. "I wish,"began the sick man, as the attorneystood by his bedside, eager to catchevery word as it was uttered."Yes?" answered the lawyer, hastily scribbling."All my property and estate to goto my eldest daughter. I wish to diefirm In the knowledge that the property is assured to her," continued themerchant, with eager excitement."Of course of course!" fussed theattorney."Would it be asking too much,"hesitatingly asked the dying man, "tovuggest tnat you gnouid marry nerl"HI frlleapestiminrJlf'AXrJS&,sJ9L Jif .--- ,- . , xc -. ,o'TFlanders "20" Roadster, $750Don't be alarmed if somebody tells you you can buy an automobilefor less money than the $750 Studebaker-Flanders "20." You can, butyou better not. ,The Flanders "20" corresponds point by point with thebest and highest priced cars sold. Cheaper cars at every vital point arebuilt on ideas long ago discarded for good cars. Don't take our word forit. Make comparisons and see.The Studebaker-Flanders "20" is a marvel a high grade modern carat a low price. If you pay less you buy much less. And the cheaper cartoday will cost you far more in the long run. The competing car isn'tsold which the Studebaker Corporation, the greatest automobile manufacturers in the .world, couldn't reproduce fcr less money; but we won'tbuild a cheap car, because the name "Studebaker" means the best foryour money.If you are content with a car that rims today and dies tomorrow,don't buy the $750 Flanders "20." It will wear for years. Rememberthis the Studebaker-Flanders "20" will outwear 2 to 1 any other carunder $1100 and give-you double satisfaction, ccnfidc-nce and comfortinto the bargain.Wc ccn prcCG it Send for rcio catalogueThe Sfaidebaker Corp!Detroit- P.'Iich.gonrbon Garage & Supply Company.Z2irn, 7-jPVZ;5?tti-&'mmmwmmsmmgMm3N)'VTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1912' itHIuMlt! ,,5$f. ).?'.I GEO. W.f UflfclAL DIKtClUK AND UCIlNSIjD tIBALItK.BOTH'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 299.rCe powe of Correct Tootwear'DAN COHEN!THESCHOOLSAREOPEN!Let the children start right witha pair of good, up-to-date servicaHie Shoes. Our great purchase ofFall stocks assures yoti of a choiceselection of snappy, up-tothe-minute footwear that will stand therough wear at prices ofOne-Third LessTheir Real Values!We have a large assortment ofhigh top and regular cut Shoes inall leathers and in all f popularstyles, whether for school, dress orwork.FalliGoodsmCrowding Us ForRoom !This week we will clean out allremaining Summer Shoes and Oxfords at sacrifice prices.Specials While They Last.$3.00 and $3.50 Ladies' White fl AAShoes and Pumps, now. P 7Ladies' $2.00 White Two-strap q- A MPumps, now P "fMisses' and Children's durable Kid But- CGton Sho&s, special j 57 CA round-up of all odds and ends of Ladies' jM JOxrords, $2 and $2.50 values, now "frJC(Sizes 2 1-2 to 4 1-2)Advance Fall SpecialMen's high-gradefootwear, including all the advance styles this Fall in Tan, Gun fl GlClMetal and Patent, ajgreat value .... PhbDAN COHEN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky.j,?DAVISnMltLERSBURG ITEMS.MiiB Bettie Vimont issick.'amongtheMrs. E. T. Beedfrig,"o Lexington, isvisiting relatives here.Mr. J. J. Peed will leave today forfatwo weeksBojourn at 'Swango Springs.Mrs. Belle Armstrong, of Lexington, is the guest of Mrs. P. A. Herbert.Mrs. J. Smith'CIark, of Winchester,is the guest of her'mother, Mrs. SarahThorn.Miss Mary Miller, of Pueblo, Col., isthe guest of her brother, Dr. W. M.Miller.Miss Lillian Lynch "returned Saturday from a visit to relatives in Shel-byville.Miss Olive'Fisher left Thursday toresume her work in Randolph 'JMaconCollege.Miss Lydia Brown hasreturnedjhomeafter a visit to relatives at Cynthianaand Paris.MrsJDennisJJMcMahan'spent Fridaywith her sister, Mrs. U. L. Harney,ofCarlisle.Mrs. Frank Armstrong and littleson, of Maysville,- are guests of theMisses Chanslor.Rev. R. S . Sanders returned fromMuorefield Sunday after closing a successful meeting there.Mr. Herman Ward, of Lexington,was the guest of Miss Nora FosterWednesday and Thursday.Mr. and Mrs.'S. C. Carpenter havereturned home after a two weeks' sojourn at Swango Springs.Mrs. Elizabeth Clarke moved Thursday to the home of her daughter, Mrs.W. G. Leer, in the country.Mrs. Maude Throckmorton, of Cynthiana, arrived Saturday as the guestof hei aunt, Mrs. Martha Vimont.Mrs. W. V. Shaw returned Fridayafter a protracted visit to her motherMrs. Harding and family at Butler.Mrs. Commodore Grinnell and littleson. of Cynthiana, are guests of herparents, Mr. andJMrs .Henry Sheeler.Mr. G. S. Allen and sister, Mrs.Frankie Cook, will leave today forOwingsville to attend the tuneral ofMrs. Hughes,,Dr. G. L. Spite and family, ofFlemingsburg, will move to Ingels flatwhere he will take up his professionof veterinary surgeon.Mr. and Mrs.FJ. Will Clark and little daughter Catherine, of Lexington,were guests of hismother, Mrs. Elizabeth Clark, last week.lyir." and Mrs. Willie Case have returned to their home at Indianapolis,Ind.. after a weeks' visit to their parents, Mr. and Mrs. Alonzo Case.Dr. W. C. Ussery, of Paris, was atthe bedside of Dr. W. G. Dailey Saturday and Drs. Daugherty and Fithianwere here Sunday. Dr. .Dailey issomewhat improved.9 The following from here Iwereamong the number who attended thefuneral of Mr. Joe Thorne at Cynthiana Monday : Mrs. Salile Thome andson,1 Thomas, Mrs. Anna Doty, Mr.and Mrs. J. M. Thorne, Mr. and Mrs.Lawrence Thorne, Mr. and Mrs. Wallace Thorne, Mrs. Nannie Brown, Mr.and Mrs. T . L. Marshall, Mr. andMrs. Thos. McClintock and daughter,Miss Ruth, and Mr. G. S. Allen.Mrs. Baird's Millinery Parlors.Miss Caldwell and hei corps of assistants are busily engaged preparing forour Fall dispaly of millinery? The parlors will be open to the ladies on September 25 and 26, for their inspectionof the latest creations in beautiful hatsof every description. The beautifulplush and fur effects are to be muchin evidence this season and our stockwill be complete in this line. Don'tfail to come in and consult with MissCaldwell in regard to your Fall hat.She can suggest many things that willgreatly assist you in yuur selection.. MRS. CORNE WATSON BAIRD.A Suggestion.If you wanta good yield of wheator rye, put it in with a Peoria DiskShoe Drill. For sale by Yerkes &Prichard. ' 2(MtEarlywine May be Nominated.There is a movement on loot amongthe leading memberslof the new Progressive party in the Seventh Congressional District favoring the'nominationof J. L. Earlywine, formerJPostmasterof Paris, to oppose Hon. CamDbelLCantrill, of Georgetown, who is the Democratic nominee to succeed himself.Since it became known that HonHenry T. Duncan, of Lexington, woulddecline the nomination recently tendered him, the District Committee hasbeen discussing a probable successorand it is eaid they strongly favor Mr.Earlywine for the place.The committee will hold a meetingsoon at which it is said Mr. Earlvwine will be named. Earlywine is oneof the turemost progressives in the district nnd has taken an active Dart inits affairs, since the organization ofthe new party. He was Senator Bradley's private secretary during the fouryears he was chief executive of theState.Takes L. Ns $59,496.State Auditor Bosworth has accepted 59,496 from the Louisville andNashville railroad as part payment ofthe franchise tax assessed against thatroad this ysar.This amount is the same that the L.& N. paid to the State last year infranchise taxes. It is" stated that itwas necessary for this amount to betendered or paid by the L. & N. in order that it might file a suit enjoiningand restraining the Auditor from enforcing the collection of the balance ofthe franchise tax assessed this vearamounting to 167,644.37.The total amount of taxes due fromthe L. & N.'under the recent assessment is $227,140.37, and the suit filedb efore Judge Cochran is to enjoin thecollection amounting of franchise tax; paid last year or 59,496.Wreck Nttr Kittrton. N- Nearly ji gcore' of : peridhi were injured, none of them leriouslywhensouthbound passenger train No. 37 ranthrough an open switch about onequarter of a- mile north' of KiaertonFriday morning, and struck a cut ofcars standing on a siding, derailing theengine and imperiling the lives of thelarge number of passengers.That no fatalities resulted from thewreck is regarded as miraculous. Thepassengers were thrown from theirseat by the force of the impact andhurled to the end of the coaches,safe in the express car saved theof express messenger Elmer Harp,was sitting behind it and whenAlifeHethefast moving train struck the obstruction, it plowed its wav through theheavy express packages to the end ofthe car, making a path for the protection of the messenger, who. however,was buried beneath a .number of piecesof'smaller freight.The train was running rapidly whenit reached a section which is beingdouble tracked. Here a switch hadbeen left open, by whom has not yetbeen determined. The tram struckthe cut of construction cars on the siding. The engine of the passenger wasthrown from the track on which it wasrunning across the opposite track,completely wrecking the locomotive.The train bad only a few momentsbefore left a section of the track overwhich it had slow orders, and had itbeen running at its usual rate of speedto make the steep grade near thepoint of the wreck nothing could haveprevented a serious lose of life. Fireman Joe Faulkner, who saw that acollision was imminent jumped fromthe rapidly moving locomotive and wasbadly injured. Engineer EdwardPrice remained at his post, and succeeded in reversing his engine andapplying the emergency brakes. Heescaped injury other than a slightshaking up. 'Two of the construction cars in thepath'of the locomotive were reducedto splinters and twisted masses of ironby the force of the impact. When thereport of the wreck reached this cityitw as greatly exaggeraed, and it wassaid a number had been killed. A special relief train.was made up and rjshed to the scene, carrying several physicians arid surgical supplies. Everything for the comfort of the passengers was done by the railroad officials.Following is a list of those who wereinjured :Elsie McDonald, Milton, Ind. ; bruised about the body.John McDonald, Milton, Ind. ; several teeth knocked out;and head and facebruised.Mary Dennis, North Middletown.Ky. ; chest injured, left leg and anklesprained.Mrs. Nannie Prewitt, Conway, Ky.back and head injured.Walker Prewitt, Conway. Ky. ; scalpwound.James Cumber, JRuddels Mills, Kv. ;right hip and side bruised.Fanne May Bryan, Newport, Kv. ;bruised about the face and head.Joseph Cummings, Cynthiana, Ky. ;side and chest bruised.Miss Frances Baird, Cynthiana, Ky. ;back injured.,James Rankin, Cynthiana,neck sprained.F. W. Bartlett. Indianapolis.Ky.Ind.neck and back sprained.Elmer Harp, express messenger,Lexington.JKy. ; several slight bruises.Jos. Fa'ulkoner, Covington, t Ky. ;ankle broken and back surained.J. T. Stephens, baggageman. Covington, Ky. ; several bruises.Robt. E. Lusk, conductor, Paris, Ky;arm and hip bruised.W. R. PmkBton, flagman, Covington;knee injured.George 0. Wentworth, New York ;nose broken.H. E. Barrett, Louisville, Ky. jspineinjured.Mrs. Mary Philpott, Milton, Ind. ;neck injured and back sprained.DEATHS.Mr. John Dawson Berry died suddenly at his homeMn Berry, Harrisoncounty, Saturday morning from hearttrouble. Mr Berry was about fortyeight years of t age and was a veryprominent farmer. He is survived byhis wife, Mrs. Norma Berry ; two children, John Snell and Louise DawsonBerry ; two sisters, Mrs. Asa Jewell,of Lexington, and Mrs. John Cromwell, of Cynthiana, and two brothers,Mr. Bailey D. Berry, of Lexington,and Robert Berry, of Bellingham,Wash.BIVINS.Homer J. Bivins, aged 9 years,son of Mr. and Mrs. B. J. Bivins, ofNorth Middletown. died at the St. Joseph Hospital in Lexington Thursdaynight following an operation for mastoiditis. Theboy had been ill for abouta week and was taken to the hospitallast Monday, where the operation wasperformed. He is survived by his parents, four brothers and three sisters.The body was taken to Winchester Friday morning on a C. & O. train, andthence to North Middletown, where thefuneial was held at 3 o'clock ridayafternoon." The burial took place inthe North Middletown cemetery.FITCH.Mr. Herbert Fitch, aged 45 years,died at the home of his father on WestEighth street Saturday morning at 3o'clock after a long illness of tuberculosis He was formerly of Nicholascounty and moved up here with hisfamily about six years ago. Mr.,fitch was unmarried and is survivedby his parents, one sister and twobrothers. The funeral services wereheld in the Paris cemetery bunday afternoon at 3 o'clock, conducted byRev.tE. M. Lightfoot of the Baptistchurch.1 MARSHALL.Mr. Leonard Marshall, aged thirty- jnine years, cued at the family homenear Jacksonville at noon Saturday.Mr. Marshall had been a long suffererfrom tuberculosis, and his death wasnot unexpected. He . was unmarriedand is survived by several brothersand jone. sister The funeral took placeyesterday morninhg at ten o'clock atthe home, conducted by Elder W. E Ellis, o the Christian church Burial inthe Jacksonville cemeteryEltctiM Wfatn AhM:The Bourbon Cotiaty Election Commissioner, M. JR. Jacoby. T. Hart Talbott and Sheriff A. S. Tbompe oo, chairman, met at the court-house yesterdaymorning and appointed the followingofficers to serve at the regular November election :ParU No. 1 E. T. Hinton, FrankClay, judges C. A. McMillan, clerk J.P. Hutchcraft, sheriff.Paris No. 2-R. K. McCarney, Thos.Owens, judges ; Swift Champ, clerk ;Douglas Embry, sheriff.Paris No. 3 H. O. Holt, D. Hume,judges; R. B. Hutchcraft, Jr., clerk;Stamps Moore sheriff.Paris No. 4 Grant Denton JohnKane, .judges ; C. J. Lancaster, cierk,Pat Kane, sheriff.Paris No. 5-M. F. Kenney, StantRummans, judges ; L. D. Harris, clerk,J. D. Shy, aheriff.. Paris No. 6 Lee Beall, W. W. Burley, judges G. W. Judy, clerk; J. W.Bacon, sheriff.Millersburg No. 1 Nat'Collins. JakeCampbell, judges ; J. S. Shoptaugh,clerk; T. E. Savage, sheriff.Millersburg No. 2-G. S. Allen, D.M. Hurst, judges; John B. Vimont,clerk ; T. P. Waddell, sheriff.Little Rock No. 1 F. T. Crouch. EdThomason, judges; W. P. Thomas,cltrk ; Elmer Boardman. sheriff.Little Rock No. 2 George W. Redmon, B. T. Mattox, judges ; Lee Deaver, clerk ; W. P. Worriall, sheriff.North MiddletownSNo.l Bert Kash,W. A. Thomason, judges; Davis Patrick, clerk ; Frank Collins, sheriff.North Middletown No. 2 Ben Woodford, Will Rose,judges; James Colville,clerk ; J. M. Willis, sheriff.Clintonville No. 1 G. W. Morrow,Thomas H. Clay, Jr., judges; S. L.Weathers, clerk ; Brutus Clay, sheriff.Clintonville No. 2 J. Frank Clay,John L. Gray, judges ; George Piperclerk ; Drake Thompson, sheriff.Hutchison No. 1 E. P. Claybrook,J. A. Budley. judges; A. H. Smedley,clerk; John S. Wiggins, sheriff.Hutchison No. 2 Forrest JLetton, W.W. Hall, judges; John Brennan, clerk;J. B. Dejarnett. sheriff.Centerville No. 1 Jos. Leach,George MoLeod, judges,clerk; Ed Blake, sheriff.Centerville No. 2 John H. Ewalt,C. H. Custer, judges; Ewalt Haley,clerk ; A. P. Adair, sheriff. rRuddles Mills No. 1 James Fisher,C. L. Hough, judges: Hiram Hughes,clerk: Walker Kiser, sheriff.Ruddles Mills No. 2 B. B. Marsh,Fithian Hal), judges; William Bell,clerk ; T. B. Brannock, sheriff.Fall Hats.Call in and see our well selectedstock of fall and winter hats. Velourhats, all shades, rough and plain ielts,all the new shades. Correct styles inall stiff hats.24 tf MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.Laymen'sConferenceTonight.BeginsThe Laymen's Conference of the Ebenezer Presbytery will convene Jat Millersburg Tuesday evening and continuethrough Wednesday, the opening sermon being delivered. Tuesday night andwhich will be followed by an adjournment until Wednesday morning whenthe conference will begin.The address of welcome will be delivered by Mr. Peale Collier - whileRev. H. H. Sweet, of Louisville, fcwillpreach the conference sermon. In theafternoon a number of addresses willbe made and Wednesday evening theladies of the church will give a banquet to those in attendance, at whichHon. C . M. Thomas, of Paris, andothers v ill respond to toasts.After the banquet Chief Justice J.H. Hobson, of the Kentucky Court ofAppeals, will sneak on' the subject,"The Tithe and Home Missions." Aninvitation is extended all PresbyterianLaymen to attend. Following is theprogram :Devotional Exercises Rev. HerbertMcC. Moore.Words of Welcome Peale'Collier.Enrollment and Organization.Conference Sermon Rev. H. H.Sweets, D. D.RECESS UNTIL 2:30 P. M."The Church's Most Paving Investment, Home Missions" Elder I. L.Pyle."Ebenezer Presbytery as an Evangelistic Field, and the Need of a Presbyterial Evangelist" Rev. B. M.Shive, D. D."How West Lexington PresbyterySecured a Pastoral Evangelist" Elder T. T. Forman."The Assembly's Million and a HalfCampaign, Its Conduct and DesiredResults" Rev. H. H. Sweets, D. D.INTERMISSION.Banquet by the.Ladies of the LocalChurch.Toasts by Hon. C. M. Thomas andothers."The Tithe and Home Missions"Chief Justice J. B. Hobson.Jimmy Poole Hurls for Colonels.Friends of Jimmy Poole, ex-Bourbon-ite.will be pleased to learn that he isstill in the rank of pitching stars, although lor the past, two seasons allrtrack of him has been practically lost.Thursday Poole bobbed up in Louisville and helped the Colonels in thegame on that day against Indianapolis. His oponents won, however, butfaulty support was the cause. TheCourier-Jaurnal had the following tosay of his work on the mound :"Manager Hayden sprang a surpriseon President Grayson and the fans yesterday when he sent Poole, a BlueGrass League product, to the mound.Poole pitched good ball in the Kentucky class 'D' league and during thepresent season was with Norfolk. Hecame through Lniusvill and ManaeeiHayden took him to help out in thefinal series.. The youngster pitchedgood ball all the way and if he hadhad any kind of support nehind himmight have won. As it was, he heldthe Indians back until the Colonelscaught up and then he was yankedand Richter substituted."Poole was a member of the 1910 pennaut winning aggregation representingParis in the Blue Grass League andwas here the latter part of the 1909season. Last year he was Tsold (toNorfolk and has been with that clubfor the past two season's.v j -fc.-nSTfCE. CMf AHrFAW NOTES.Tobacco growers in Madion county report the best crep in quality inmany years and they are very jubilantover the prospect forhigher prices.Land in Nicholas countv is bringing record prices. The 100 acre farmof William Dinsmore. deceased, nearthis city, was sold to George Fishbackfor 138.50 per acre. KThere is some complaint of tobacco burning in the field in some sectionsof Bath county, and some slight damage has been done by the intense heatto tobacco cut before it could be housed but taken all together growersclaim that they have saved the bestcrop ever raised in the county.Over $300,000 was paid out inMontgomery county the past wepk forstock,cattle and yearlings over 10,000head changing nands. The run of cattie was.the largest years, and quality was good. Buyers were presentfrom all over Kentuckv, Ohio and Illinois. The prices paid were very high1,000 pound feeder selling for 6 1-2cents per pound.The farm of the late Thomas H.Grubbs. in Montgomery county, wa3soldhy heirs to Henry R. Prewitt, former Democratic chairman and lnsur.ance Commissioner. The farm certains 150 acres and is one of the bestin the county. The price was $200 ?nacre. This is the largest price everpaid for farm lands in Montogmervcounty. Mr. Prewtt will remodel theplace and make hi3 home there.Five cent eggs are now predicted.The authority for the statement ofwhat may be expected next wintei uProf. F. S. Jacoby, of Ohio State University, head of the poultry department. His investigations have disclosed that'storage eggs are now neingused in cities when usually they areheld in reserve at this season of theyear. Laying hens are scarce, he says,owing to a variety of causes, and henfruit is likely to soar unusually highthis winter.The three days trotting meeting,which was to have been held in MtSterling Ociober 3, 4 and 5, has beendeclared off, the reasons being thelack of intreest taken by the horsemen in Kentucky and the failure tosecure more than a dozen entries forthe entire meeting. Horsementhroughout the State wanted the meeting postponed until after the Lexington trots, but as this was getting verylate it was deemed advisable to callthe meeting off altogether.The third annual sale of registeredJersey cattle by James E. Middletonat MapleG rove stock afrm near Shelbyville realized S6.150 for the v51 headoffered, composed principally of youngheifers, and calves. Thelargest price3paid were $350 for Dierotte's Fairy,an imported cow, and $300 for a daughter of Lady Marv. Both were sold toE. W. Crickert, Martinsville, Ind. G.F. Northcott, Meridian, Miss., boughta young calf from Lady Mary for $170.Mr. Middleton regards thi3 as the bestsale he has ever made. Col. D. L.Berry, of Columbus, Ind., was theauctioneer. Buyers from severalstates were present.The man, whether he lives in thecity, in the village, or in the country,who has fresh eggs and tender poultryneed never worry as to whether therewill be a market for his products. Nomatter what othpr things may be subject to fluctuation, there is always animmediate market for fresh eggs.They can be tur ned into money within a very short Jtime after they areproduced, and this fact of itself 13enough to put a solid foundation underthe poultry business You can beginthe business in a small way and builduo, turning your produce from day today into money without any trouble atall. The bigger your business grow3,the more you become interested. Startright, and don't overreach yourselfand you are bound to make a success.Others are doing it every day, andwhat others can do you can do.MATRIMONIAL.KNAPP-McCLURE.Mr. and Mrs. Edward Knapp. ofCincinnati, announce the engagementof their daughter, Miss Edwina OlanKnapp, to Mr. William McClure. ofCincinnati. Mr. and'Mrs. Knapp formerly lived in Paris, where the brideelect has many" friends, and she hasfrequently visited her aunt, Mrs. William Myall, in this city. Mr. McClureis a prominent young business man ofCincinnati. The wedding will takeplace in October.The wedding of Miss Ida Feld, ofWinchester, and Mr. Harry Bell, ofIndianapolis, has beer, announced forSunday, September 29, at the. home ofthe bride in the former city. It willbe a quiet home affair. After theceremonv the young couple will leaveforan extended trip East, after whichthey will be at home in the Indianacapital, where the groom has a largestock brokerage business. Miss Feldis a niece ot Mr. and Mrs. David Feld,of this city, and has often visited here.44Roxie" Davis !Cbe Tn$wran flaemLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137per FM1Icent. $1,000 to $ioo,ofloW. KING & SON,125 Cheapsltie, l,einsfton, Ky.4