tk.y T--v lit'Ts?r4.t?k'.lriT- V-THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND PBIDAY IN THE YEAHVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, AUGUST 13, 1912Kf ' YSglLirt8&' tit" '3Pm J.Tm- 'txJ1Ihviasmftftft$4VSftftmm4ftftamUi IICUUUUI IOn AllOW SHOESBeginning This Week We Will Reduce all HANNAN and NETTLETON OXFORDS, and also Ladies'Pumps and oxfords.We have a great many WHITE SHOES and PUMPSin Nubuck and Canvas that will be greatly reduced.These will be for CASH ONLY.ILGEO. McWILLIAMS,Phones 301 The Shoe ManIIr5'??MilN.nn'f Qtflv At HnmA riH RmnrlOver the High Cost of Living,4? But Come in and See What We Can Save You onGroceries. Below is Just a Few ofOur Many Bargains:16 lbs. Granulated Sugar8 Bars Lenox SoapBrass King Wash Boards.2 Cans Good Corn$1.00....25c...30c....15c1 lb. Can Royal Baking Powder 4-5 cRoyal Seal Oats per can 1 1c(The Only Oats for Summer)Pure Hog Lard per lb 1 4-cMason Fruit Jars, qts., per doz GOc.Mason Fruit Jars, pts., per doz 50cFruit Cans, per doz 35c' BLUE RIBBON FLOUR25-Sfo Sack SOc50-IbSack $1.601 OO-f b Sack $3.20T. C. LENIHAN,Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234wMrSixth Bank to Be Organized HereTenative plans looking to the orgainzation of a new banking institution for Paris were formulated Saturday and according to those who areat the head of the movement, theinstitution will be established withina short time to take its nlace amongthe banks'of the city and to makethe sixth of like concern in operationin Paris.At the head of the proposed concernare some offthe most suostantiatl business men of Pris and Bourbon countyand if is safe prediction that a newbanking house will be one of greatprofit.Mr. John P. Barbee, a prominentfarmer of theMillersburg precinct, hastaken the initiative and while in ParisSaturday submitted the proposition toseveral business men who have considered the feasibility of the plan andhave taken kindly to the suggestions ofMr. Barbee, with the result that fullyhalf of the capital stock with whichit is intended to incorporate has beensubscribed and little trouble is expected in securing the remainder.Connected'wiht Mr. Barbee are Dr.D. S. Henry, Dr. Win. Kenney, Dr. F.P. Campbell and several other substantial" business men of Paris, together with several throughout the countywho are interested in the success ofthe proposed concern. It is the planto capitalize the new bank at 550,000,but it has not been fully decidedwhether it will be State, National orSavings bank. Ihis part of the oganization will be left entirely to the directors when the institution is organized. Those at the head of the movementhave several under consideraion for theofficialjjpositions in the bank, but thesematters will be taken ud at later dateto be fully decided upon by7 the Boardof Directors which will be elected at ameeting of the stockholders at theearliest possible date following the incorporation of the concern.Mr. Barbee was in Paris yesterdayand in an interview said there was little possibility of the proposition notmeeting with the success which thepromoters have anticipated and is otthe opinion that the sixth banking institution in this city should be a paving investment to the stockholders,owing to the abnormal conditions inmoney matters , and with the localbanks now in operation in a flourishingcondition there should be no reasonfor the new enterprise not being conducted at a profit.While the rumor could not be verified it is said that Prof. E. M. Costello was being favorably considered asthe cashier for the new concern, andthat his election to this positionwould follow immediately after its organization.rj&r"WE KNOW HOW"Goes With Q. C.Mr. Stokely Kion, who recentv resigned his ooistion wtih the Louisville& Nashville railroad as clerk in thelocal freight office, has accepted a position with the clerical department ofthe Q. & G. railroad, with headuartersat Danville, and left Wednesday to icport for dutv. Mr. Rion will be connected with the roadmatser's department.toWWwifvfOur Entire Stock OfStraw HaiG PanamasAt 33 1-3 Discount, All Shapesand Kinds at The FollowingPrices. CASH.$10.00 Panamas now $6.67$8.00 Panamas now 5.34-$7.00 Panamas now 4.67$6.00 Panamas now 4.00$5.00 Panamas now 3.34$5.00 Straws now 3.34$4.00 Strawsnow 2.67$3.00 Straws now 2.00$2.00 Strawsnow 1.34$1.50 Strawsnow 1.00Buy Now While The SelectionIs Large.; Mitchell & Blakemore,? Outfitters to IVIienParis, Kentuckyfite -. . ........g..g--ABXTVon which theyC . railroad ranwho was asleenSleener Causes One Death.Notley Smith was'killed and ThomasCalrk, Stuer Clark and George Mitchellwere badly injured Satuidav nicrhtwhen the hand carwere riding on the Rinto a drunken manon a trestle near Frankfort, throwingthe hand car and the men off tne trestledown to the stony ground some twentyfeet below. The men on.the car werernembers,of tne Switzer section crewand they were coming to Frankfot tocash their Jast month's pay checkswhen the accident happened.vy vsj! vfjv )'M9iW&li$iiWtA s4 $g&W& W&W&W&?-M&$& L" "If "P w'H suiiiiiiiiimiimmiiiLnim fiiiiiiHiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinniiiitiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiuMiniiiiiiiiiiifiiiuiuiiiimfib 2 E i& 1V im i3ANK & COSThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.$3m1-3 OFFON ALLStraw HatsANDm-i?Orz:5s:PanamasgRH1&IllsmimmmmmOtbtfAXTSTSpecial PricesU8mTZf3ZmmmmmONM0MmmBOYS' SUITSPR16&&60.6l0tHi6rand Furnishers -M$m$mmmva&zsfsm&ammmmmFinal Clean-Up SaleOFLadies' Ready-to-Wear Garments.$25.00 Ladies' Suits, now $ 9.9815.00 Ladies' Suits, now 5.0035.00 Lingerie Dresses, now 1 7.5025.00 Lingerie Dresses, now 1 5.0020.00 Lingerie Dresses, now 9.9815.00 Lingerie Dresses, now 7.7510.00 Lingerie Dresses, now 4.9830.00 Silk Dresses, now ....... 15.0025.00 Silk Dresses, now 1 2.5020.00 Silk Dresses, now 1 O.OO10.00 Linen Dresses, now 4.98. 7.50 Linen Dresses, now 3.985.00 Linen Dresses, now 2.98All Other Rcadyto-Wcar Garments Reduced in- . - Price - - -FRANK &, C1 Paris, ,-. - KentuckyI5iiiimwwifirntrriiaiiBXHHiiiiiHirrmTtociiiiiiiiiiiHiitrnuirmrtttiJftftffffffwmifti9. j0liI H:cIM.LSlrvKUUUJUBUUUHlllMMVHmaHHB.aiaXSBlMkkMaMMvK,,PERFECT IN ORIGINAL!Cif. '.-,!.itiitiu'Y-ii"IfX1-Jjv.i "tva j wTHE BOURBQt"8? PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 13 1912,u--I rmqmres special nourishment of II ofy assimilation. II Scoffs Emulsion II ' contains tkese vital properties II in concentrated form and dis- II tributes them all over the body II without taxing the digestion, y IJ Scott & Bowne. Bloom field. N.J 12-12 gNotice.BOURBON CIRCUIT CqURTTDavid HLkman's Administrator, ?-PlaintiffDefendantsVs. NctisHis Heirs,e.All 'person holdine claims againstthe estate of David Hickman, deceased, are hereby notified to nresentthesame, proven, as required by law, tome at my office at the court house, inParis, Bourbon county, Kentucky. $:AU claims not presented by September 1. 1912. will be barred.C. A. MCMILLAN, M. C. B. C. C.HEW BARBER SHOPModern Equipment.4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDWanted.quently to maintain surreptitious corTo get in touch immediately with a repsondence than for the convenienceyoung man, coilsge student preteri-ed, j of tn for whom the service is inm connection with Four States Tour' ,,,,. j , t jpublicity. Here's work for all summer . tended. It is asserted that men andif you" want it. Address, stating women and many young girls carry'onqualifications, ALLEN S. MOODY, I clandestine correspondence through the224 Saks B'l'd'g. Indianapolis, Ind. cenera deivery windcwi Under the new regulations "youngj, j . - . j persons applying at the general deliv-bOtTlC vJOOQ AClVICC ery window will be asked to give theirTo the People.Don't sell your old feathers un- resular mail carriertil you find out the prices, You ' The eneral delivery window is forCan call US and we will look at ! the "onienience of transients and travvour feather, or if von live in 1 VZ People, who stay in the city butVit ennniTV cpnrl iiq a cmnnlo T iwill lrr rnn lmnw wl-isf fhntr qvo Iwnrfh Snmp nlr! fanthm-c: if tlimr!have been well cared for are as much-condemned "back-room" as furgood as new. We pay market mns a means for libertines to setprice for new feathers.MAX HDNmSth Street, PARI5, KY.Call Easl. Tenn. Phone 374AUTO FOR HIRESpecial attention given toparties desiring to hire automobiles. Call on us forpricesTRANSFER...,Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Livery, Feed and Sales Stable.Eighth Street Both Phones.Hot and ColdBAT IISHot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on tntrade. No long waits. You are nextM. A. KAHAL.Professional CardsJ J. WIILIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.loom. 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones J 1L LSs( U.WU1U J.VU.E. T. 334.ResidenceHome 334.DR. A. tt' KELIiEK,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's BhPgParif, - KentuckyTHE BOURBONJ&SWSRTwircrckYPARISSTT-ITT,, CHAMP,PublisherEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .$2. 00 -Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvancelEntered at Postbffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading: notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue: reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matt er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right oi" publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.DEMOCRATIC TICKET.For President,HON WOOUROW WILSON,of New Jersey.For Vice-President,HON. THOS. R.MARSHALL,of Indiana.For CongressHON. J. CAMPBELL CANTRlLL,of Scott county.I General Delivery.Trie postal authorities at Washingtonpropose to regulate, among other, - -i things, the general delivery service,j The claim is made that injiearly everycity the general delivery window inI nostoffices has been utilized more frehome address and if they live in thecity will also be asked why they donot receive their mail at home by thea short timeand who have no fixedlesidence. There isno reason why it)assistant of the jshould be made thsnares for foulish uiris or those ofmore mature years to carry un clandestine correspondence. It is , better notI to leceive mail of a kirfd that cannotbe delivered at one's home or pace otUncmnccUUClllOCThe Hookworm Evil.It has been dicovsred that abouthalf the immigrants arriving at SanFrancisco from the Orient and fromthe West Indies are afflicted with hookworm, says the Courier-Journal. TheJournalofcthe American M edical Association roUs!he fact that a numberof laborers, chiefly from the West In-dies, engagedin maiket gardening ona tract of land within the corporatelitres of Stin Francisco have beenquarantuitd bucaute of the discovreyof heckttorm amoim them. The sale, of their vegetables has been forbiddeni until such time as the disease has beenI eliminated.iIt is believd by the medical authorities in San Francisco that uncookedvegtables may be a source of infeetionby carrying the hookwoira egg "orlavae. For that reason it has bsenthought better to prohibit the sale ofvegetables from gardens where laborers have been fuud to be afflicted withthe hookworm parasite. As similarconditions probably exist in otherAmerican ports.the San Fcancisco planis worthy of consideration,g The hookworm disease seems to bewidely prevalent. It has been foundi:i manv counties in Kentucky and theState Board of Health is at prtstntengaged in prosecuting a campaignagainst it ii Knox county. Free dispensaries have been established in several towns and in . the course of aweek's work several hundred personswere examined ' and treated. Theaverage Kentuckian would be slow tobelieve that there are 50,000 cases ofhookwormsj in thefState, but that isthe estimatp of the State BoardofHealth, which, through its laboratoryexaminations, has found evidences ofinfection inalmost every section of theState.The eradication of hookworm is accomplished by a comparatvely simpleconrse of treatment. The principaltrouble is experienced in locating thecases. Many persons in apparentlygood health have been found to beafflicted, and -where the victim is unsuspecting he is not likely to seekmedical' examination of his own voli-jCampaign Book Out Soon.The Democratic National CampaignBook for 1912 will be ready for distribution about August 20. Advanceproofs already out show it to be probably the best publication of the kindever ssued. It will be a completehandbook on the tariff and every issuethat will figure prominently in the appruaching campaign. Every Democratic worker in the United Statesought to have this book. The price isto remain at 25 cents, the amount asked for the campaign books of previousyears. Orders should be sent to Hon.James T. Lloyd, chairman, NationalDemocratic Congressional Committee,Washngton, D. C. This being a presidential campaign year, it is anticipated there will be an unusually heavydemand for the books, and it willtherefore be well for those desiringcoDies to write Mr. Lloyd immediately."It i3 my hope,", said Mr. Lloyd today, "that prominent Democrats willget together in the towns and citiesand club'their orders, so that we mayship as many asposisble to one addressand thus conduct the mailing department at the least possible expense."As Mr. Lloyd's commmittee is endeavonnglto make its campaign whollyon funds subsciibed by the people,every endeavor is being made to keendown expenses. The CongressionalCommittee is shortof funis, and contributions, however small, will beuseful. , Checks should be sent toChiarman Lloyd.Camden Named as Chairman.J. N. Camden, of Versailles, waanamed as Chairman ot the DemocraticState Campaign Committee at a jointmeeting of the Democratic State Central and State Executive Committeesin Louisville, Thursday. Judge S. W.Hager, of Owensboro, was named asvice-chairman of the committee. Aresolution was adopted empowering thechairman to name the other membersof the committee, to consist of not lessthan one person from each concessional district, and two persons fromthe State-at-large. He is also authorized to select a secretaiv ior the committee. Hepdquarters will be established in Louisville.Judging By the Effect.She What was it the choir justsang? He From the appearance ofthe congregation, I think it must havebeen some kind of a lullaby. Laughter. Mr. W. S. Gunsalus. a farmer livingnear Fleming, Pa , savs he has usedChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy in his fpmilv for fifteen years' and that he has found it tobe an excellent lemedv and takespleasure in recommending it. For saleby all dealers.The Smoke Inspector.Save all bits of zinc and put themin the fire and you need not be afraidof the soot catching aio. as the Huewill be self-cleaning.--Homo Depait-ment, National Magazine.Cortright Sup-rior Roofing.Our readers have no doubt noticedthe advertisement of the CoitrichtMetal Koofing Co.. of Philadelphia.Pa., which has been appearing in ourcolumrs for several months with achange of cuts each week, and wehope that those of our subscribers whohave been in need of such materialhave been interested and profited bythese advertisements. The system otroofing supplied by this companynossesses every point of superiorityweather-tight, fire-proof, beauty ofappearance, durability, ease of application and low first cost. Messrs.Miller & Best. Millersbunr. are handling tese coods k.caliy and are alwavsJRlad to show samples and quote closepnce3 on any quantity.All in Equal Position.Anybody can get a steady living outof steady effort. The same clock thatticks off twenty hours for one mancan't cheat his neighbor. The samelaws of right and wrong, the sameprivilege to do and dare, are open toboth. Herbert Kaufman.Kentucky Fair Dates.The following are the dates fixed fcholding the Kentucky fairs for 1912, ttar as reported. Officers of fairs airequested to report to us any omissioior correction of dates.Fern Ceek August 13, four days.Leitchfield August 13, four days.Vanceburg August 14, four davs.Brodhead August 14, tl res days.Hardinsburg August 20, three daysShepherdsville August 20,tour dayiLawrencebur? August20,four davtColumbia August 20, four days.Erlancer Aucust 21, four days.Enin net Ausut 22, four davs.Stanford Au-jut 21, three days.FJwipg Auaust 22, thee days.Shelbvvihe -ugiHt27, four days.Hodgenvilld August 2, four davs.London August 27, three davs.Nichoiasville August 27,three davFulton August 28, four days.Germantown August 28, four dayDover August 28, four days.Springfield August 28, four days.Florence August 28, four days.Franklin August 29, three days.Ehzabetht iwn September 3, thr jdavs.PARIS, September 3. five days.Tompkinsvil'e Spetember 4, fo :days.Barboursville September 4, thr.days.BardBtown September 4, four davBowling Green September 4, foidays.Sanders Tri-County Fair, Septerber 4, four days.Monticello September 3, fcur dayiLouisville State Fair SeDt. 9 sidays.Melbourne-September 17 five7'lav."U1BC w'uavc oeptemDer lb.foudays.. - M W !SKIMMED MILK IS VALUABLEMost Important of All By-Products onDairy Farm Especially Goodfor Young Animals.Skimmed, milk Is the most important of all the by-products on a farmIn the dairy line. It is worth from15 cents to $1 a hundred pounds, according to its quality and the use thatis made of it.Hand separator skimmed milk is ofgreater value and of greater use thanskimmed milk obtained by any othermethod. It gives bettor satisfactionbecause the milk is uniform every day.If properly fed, skimmed milk cannot be surpassed as a food for younganimals. The greatest danger andlargest waste comes from overfeeding,'especially young pigs and calves.When the calf is two weeks old, itsfeed may be gradually changed fromwhole milk until only the skimmedmilk is fed. Calves seem to thrivebetter on the warm skimmed milkfrom the hand separator than on thecreamery, where the milk of severalhundred cows is mixed.If the chickens are fed on skimmedmilk and allowed a free range, theywill grow very fast In feeding milkto chickens it is greater economy tolet the milk stand until it is thick.Skimmed milk is a very satisfactorypig food. Pigs seem naturally inclined to the sour rather than thesweet milk, but in either case grainmust be fed in order to make a balanced ration.PROPER CARE OF DAIRY COWJersey Is Highly Developed MilkingMachine and Her CharacteristicsHave Become Fixed.I am every ready to say a good wordfor the dairy cow. I ordinarily givemy cows bran and ground oats, evenwhen I have to buy the feed, and I canunhesitatingly say that they alwayspay it back even twofold. The breedwhich has given me best results areJerseys, says a writer in an exchange.Some say they do not sell well, but Ihave never been troubled in this respect. I have always been able to dispose of at good prices any offered forsale, no matter what color they were,presiding they were fat. I select thebest heifers from the herd and sell therest. Last summer I milked ninecows, but this summer I will havedouble that number, because a numberof heifers are coming in this spring.But I never let cows run out everyday or roam around the barn duringwinter, because the profit would thenbe very small. It does not pay to havecattle shiver and freeze and use upflesh to keep warm when the ob'ject isto produce milk. I prefer to milk atregular hours, and it means a greatdeal; in fact, more than many dairy-Popular Breed of Jersey.men realize. I never chase the cowsheme with a dog. But the animalslearn to recognize the voices of mywife and children, and as soon as theyhear their names called come, becausethey have been so handled that theylove to be petted, fondled and milked.The Jersey cow is a highly developed milk making machine. She hasbeen bred so long for this purposethat her characteristics have become jnxed, and the descendants of a v.411bred dairy cow can be depended upqn.The amount of milk that she willnt-t,edadvsIsmy,iSientesildNO ONE STRONGER TKA EliS STOKACIJ. .The celebrated Dr. Abernethy rf Lc.W ffCt"!dersof the stomach were the most prohw source t hu;"j re "Jrts atrecent medical writer says: "every fe-f--t.on and 7?stomach (through the system rf nend tie v-a-cn i, JIt is the vital I center oi oy , , iw th st0mnch :asaid to live thrcurh t-s stomaca. lc ao " s.i , dcathe vital cenre.' oi nu r- ?. v- n - , ,b., L.-wla,3, toor dyspepsia, and -pe riiln.iio;j ot Var:jUj -"-,l'J ,'a-'medicine can be better br.Itcd as a curative a'-ent than. . . 7 r ' . 11- .JZ Z'it7w"Rr-rrlai ycaii. iPiercec Hjc:M3S. MURKEN.CORTRIGHTMETAL SHI NGLESILrHOWfor Sale by MiilermTWINClothing- "k W ;. $,? "S A-s vAll the Latest Ideas inmm$&&LNow OnjLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.LS&MMmmmMMEiWMmmmmMmssJ) srSxS2)Why not you join the great army ofcustomers and burnvslbJSttyc&iNow is the time to try a load.Dodson & DentonyQfer52eESSils-aaCumberlana Cdepbene ana Celegrapb 0ompi.nyINCORPORATED-vFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the Cumberland Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North Middletown, Little Rock andRuddles Mills.i'When you have Cumberland service youHAVE telephone service.' '.Cumberland Telephone and Telegraph1 , . -w J Z? !,: 4 V M-o sj:is--i-- -.-nonths V? lB??l?u5Sn$rwtn r-.i ? iiac '-U; re-- f--T. it, off and on, for sevC O. p.i 1, . , -- -: r.A v, , Ahrri rl A Tint Ictiottr.i?sa..t-;. y;: - - - , mpdlcIttC3-ifthid -oVo W.L XT J 83 told it was my( vor I sv tUo".v"l aniens it seined that I v -mid raiu- i ,;.nn, Eo. 1 X7'w vci j iLn ana wt-alc irnj i iitv tin-. Was"oiSVo rtoi r. 1 1.rU Wen WJf&J!five bottles of it, and coma ice: my" eu"".;"S ""the ft lrz- I co"ld n a little without pain and grewstrongest. To-Jny I am strong t tnd well and can do a bigday's work w th eas?. i;an eat evw tmu . -y - xtiph wor ''"'nllT. I Vl ay to ail sufferers write to Dr.has my unaj Jnii sratitude."TO KNOW THE GENUINE,LOOK FOR THE STAMP"CORTRIGHT". Reg. U. S. Pat. Off.and accept no substitute, if you want & roof thatwill last as long as the building, and never needrepairs never need attention of any kind, exceptan occasional coat of paint.3. Fire-proof Storm-proof Lightning-proof& Best, Millersburg, Ky.BROS.DepartmentDisplay35VtfJS&mELOTHIHG22SS5(IgiS&,companyIncorporated., -$&&&'3 u w,:''ei t'k ti -x ctAvkC fKfri;?rm&fi',tj(- V?SWp?rvmt?uX' A'"fJF&V&Y-.i tx v U.!, 9.V "A-:iTT. ' ' a , ' ' . wnMi- - i m i ii .v. . .. : - v . rT v', -" ,' f - V 'i- k - ' V1"! -' . f-w 'c.t 'v; -.-,: t , . ..;' r A - ' J Tl , f-- ft-'' "wjyft ii MJKBLn asj-r 'j"' ,-J .'-i . .. : - w . - ...,-. -v , -i ' - "--.,-WJM-lT-JIITHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KhH TUCKY;; AUGUST 13, 1912.! .! . - wMm .tM . ' -- . .-'V-:Just to Better Satisfy OurCustomers. :H v OIHflH3i9EStil& &3K3Smm&KmBm)Zr&wmmm&, 'vjHttw r. rss-aIF -BUM ' - iE? i VI III PlHBpiBS Tic- - iw?-- '. HIHIilHWe have now added to our already complete equipment thelatest invention in a Collar finishing machine! On this machine,the operator places a collar over a circular steel band, as shown inthe picture above, which fits into a steam heated groove, and bypressing the collar firmly for a few seconds simply moulds it intoperfect shape. It is the only machine on the market which spreadsthe Collar so there is ample space for your tie to slip and whichgives your linen a 5 per cent, longer life because it eliminates allfriction and absolutely does away with cracking and rough edges.To demonstrate the fact that this machine will not tear orwear your linen, an ordinary collar was subjected to 25,000 consecutive pressings and showed no signs of wear."We will be delighted to have you call and see the machinein operation, also many other improved devices which we haveadded in our endeavor to set the Elue Grass standard for qualityLaundry Work.BOURBON LAUNDRYDAVIS & FUNK, Preps."Where Linen Lasts"Phones No. 4.CIS5OT8SSAlcor.oiiv Eeverags From Rice.Both the Chinese and Japanesemanufacture alcoholic verr ":es frorcrice.NOTICE.I have just secured a new barberfrom Chicago and am nrepared to givethe public first class service. Give mea call. Shop is equiDped with electricfans to keep you cool. Three firstclass barhprsl Aly bath tubs are always.ready. sug2tf BUCK FREEMAN.HIGH BRIDGESUNDAY, AUgUSt isi5RotmdiripBSee ifcc raraoas High uridre BOTB CONCERT, High Bridge Park, (Popular Airs.)llCtcis sold zi G EO RG ETC WW rceJ only en Spcrisl Train leaving at 10.50 am.t". For Full inforinet'on Ca?I On Any TJcket Agofct, Op AddressI-J.C. KING, tvcengc-j-ar.d Ticket Aqsnt,b "?"! CFJlaSnSt. ' PfconeO - LEXSNGiOrf, KY.lr,rwr,TrjrW?r'VUTrrzrV,n uii n nCHARLIE WHITEM00N, the Cow Boy Herbalist!I " , 3729-31 W. Broadway, Louisville, Ky, ,c 5I Deep down in every human heart lies a NATURAL desire for NATURE'S medicines, Roots & Herbs.h Too long have the secrets of nature beep, neglected, too long have people disregarded God's promises. Mod- iem doctors think only of "operations" & strong drugs, while human suffering & deaths from disease in,-crease rapidly every year. Health is natural, disease unnatural. My years of experience as a Cow-boy i& among the Indians give me a peculiar fitness & knowledge of the powers of Roots & Herbs as medicines, !i my remedies have cured & are curing Blood Poison, Lung Trouble, Kidney, Bladder, Liver, Female & Skin IT diseases, Rheumatism, Dropsy, Catarrh, Nervous & Stomach Troubles that were pronounced incurable by the fI best doctors. I want to PROVE this to the world & to any one asking, I will mail the greatest book of its If kind ever published, entitled "THE COW-BOY HERBALIST," absolutely free. If you are not enjoying ALL fI the blessings of perfect health, your duty demands that you INVESTIGATE MY CLAIMS. All letters ofinquiry promptly answereu.I CHARLIE WHITE-MOON'Si SKIN ONLY, guaranteed to satisfyplied t-hru all wholesale dealers.COM-ChL-HAK is the name of my great JUMil., HUUY-auiLUER, composed of 16 Roots '& Herbs,...r o -S..71 ..t .nAlli Ineff nhnitt 3 lit nit tilt r'nete utii tlnllnv & ... TTZr'ATTIT rTT An jxToirrnto satisfy THE PURCHASER or money refunded. COM-CEL-SAR is sold BY ALL DRUGGISTS & DEALERS IN MEDICINE for the nerves, stomach, liver, kidneys, bowels, bladder & blood. A household remedymost excellent. Ask for COM-CEL-SAR; if your druggist hasn't got it or, won't get it, I WILL FILL YOURIMmSi5rWwEPW?fi5a5x-ttt .la-v. &&Tr Ati. I'l-.M'T.tf TV. ","! ri, itT . 11.lj.t-i!J SJKrK"4:nParis, Ky.iJfnnieEangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtf EastTenn. Phoe Gt39Popularity.One of the first things a man whointends to be popular must learn is toplay to the gallery.nn mi nti nu -uti a nn nJ.n nfi)R4W&tbteG38Sm ..,i EGOD'S HERBS & ROOTSf &5L h W ur .6.X2 W CL& sJ2 izPty 3L foil Cc - . v- Iv. ,y sIis uesn ?32 -KJ m .aySCIENCE SOPEts made of PURE VEGETABLE OILS FOR HUM ANor money refunded, ioc orbars 25c at all dealers, Retail who are sup-- . -"f-mtMimn nawmii ,-iit ,: i-'iii.Ks aWooden Silo Proves the Best.For the last five years the Experiment Station at Storrs, Con., has beeninstigating-'and studying the questionof fermentation of silage, and theeffect of different materials used in theconstruction of silos on the silage.Theirbulletin No.. 70 has just beenDublished and sives the result of theseexperiments, and.explains why silagenext,tp cement, stone and brick wall. isalways rancid and of bad quality.Afpart of the bulletin follows:'"The temperature is a distinct governing factor in the development andpreservation.of silage. On October 28.a lot of corn was cut up and packed inthree halt gallon jars and sealed. Onejar was kept at the temperature offorty degrees, another at fifty and theother at seventy, and these temperatures maintained for forty-eight daysof fermentation. When opened, thejar kept at the temperature of seventydegree? had the most normal silage,while the others at the lower temperatures were moldy and had a mustyodor."This experiment explains why silage does not keep well in cement,stone or brick silos. The cement,stone and brick conduct away thn heatgeneratd in the silo and the acid ter-mentation is checked, and a noor qualjitv of silage is producer. Anotherfautor is that cement is porus and allows the silage to get air, which spoilsthe silage near the wall."There are three advantages of awooden silo over any other Kin 1. Firstthe wood is a poor conductor of heatand conserves the warm temperatureat the beginning of the fermentationso thatthe proper acids are formed andalso largely prevents the freeing ofsilage. Secondlv, silage keeps bestnext to wood and nothing is lost aroundthe edges of the silo. All things considered the round wocden silo hasproven the most satisfactory."Superior Judgment."So you suspect that men are quicker of judgment in practical mattersthan -women." "Yes," replied MissCaj-enne. "Men have heeded the warnings of the newspapers and quit buying gold bricks, but women continueto marry for money."$100 Reward $100.j The reoders of this paper will be' nleaed to learn that there is at leastj one dreaded disease that science has Jbeen able to cure in all its stages, and 'that is Catarrh. Hail's Catarrh Cure !is the only posiiive cure now known tothe medical fraternity. Catarrh being a constitutional disease, requires a'constitutional treatment. Hall's CaI tarrh Cure is taken internally, acting'directly upon the blood and mucous Jsurfaces ot the system, thereby de-j. stioying the foundation of the disease,Jaud giving the patient strength by: building up the constitution and assisting nature in doing its work. Thenroprietors have so much faith in itsI curative nowers that they offer One1 Hundred Dollars for any case that itfails to cure. Send for list of testimo-i Address b J. CHENEY & CO., To' ledo, 'Ohio.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.Sartorial, Not Culinary."I am going to put some white inthe yoke," said the young lady, referring to her gown. "Won't thatscramble it?" inquired the young man. 'B. L. T. in Chicago Tribune.I"Were all medicines as meritoriousas Chamberlain's Colic. Chulera andDiarrhoea Remedy the world would bemuch better off and the percentage ofsuffering greatly decreased." writerLindsay Scott, of Temple, Ind. Forsale bv all dealers.Art's Place in Life.Art calls forth contemplative emotions, otherwise dormant, and createsin the routine and scramble of individual wants and habits a sanctuary. . . nay, rather a holy hill, neitherploughed nor hunted over, a free highplace in which we can see clearly,breathe widely, and, for a while, liveharmlessly, serenely, fully. VernonLee.3n every i1uyIIa 'Vbb-r'ho-HH-STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES.--Ros3.. Arnold & Co... of Cynthiana,shipped last week from that city 996Jamb.Gov. McCrearyhas appointed JtheHon. J. N. Kehoe. of Maysville, a delegate to the American Roads Congress, which meets in Atlantic City.September 30.Crouch, Kerns Eros. & Booth. whopurchased 300,000 pounds of tobacco inCarlisle at S4.50 a hunrded and put itin summer order, have just finishedprizing, and shipping the purchase tothe river markets.The Farmers' Loose Leaf TobaccoWarehouse Company, of Carlisle,elected the following officers: Fres.dent, W. J Kennedy ; sceretary, J. W.Dalzell, Jr. ; directors, Owens Ratliffand Ben T. Wright, Sharpsburg; W.T. Parker, Bourbon county ; C. C.Cole, I. B. Ross. John D. Allen andC. C. Ratliff, Carlisle, and EverettGifforc,! of Robertson county.2Total receipts of live stock on theChicago market week, ending Augustwere, in round numbers 50,700 cattle,122,600 hogs, and 120,800 sheep. Tieweek's receipts, compared- with theprevious week, in round numbers, increased 11, SCO hog, 19,800 cattle and14,600 sheep. Compared with the corresponding period a year ago cattledecreased 88.400, hogs increased 5.400,and bheep 3,100.Silas Shelburne and others, including State Auditor H. M. Bosworth,who rceerty announced that theywould build a big loose leaf tobaccowarehouse in Lexington, have closeddeals for the property in the tobaccodistrict, on which they will build awarehouse before November. Thenew plant will bejeontsructtd of .brick,steel and concrete with dimensions of217 feet by 270 ieet.The Board of Directors of the Farmers' Tobacco Warehouse, in Mt. Sterling, have selected Mr. Victor, Shslburne, of Richmond, Va., as managerof the warehouse and sales departmentin that city. Mr. Shelburn will movewithhisfamily to Mt. Sterling ar.dtake charge. He is a tobacco man oiwide experience, having been interested and engaged in the business nearlyall his life.Every section of Kentucky is affected by San .lose scale, according toreport made to Commissioner of Agriculture Newman by fci. Gorman. StateEntomologist, who has ju3t completedinspection of i.urseries. He foundscale in fifteen nurseries-in the following counties: Meade. Bath, Warren,McCracken, Owtti, Maaon, Todd, Henderson, Hickman H, Whiiley. Union,Carlisle. Fifty dollars finew ill be imposed on these nurseries lor every treeshinned out bv them.One of the most common ailmentsthat hard working people are afflictedwith is lame back. Apply Chamberlain's Liniment twice a day and massage the parts tnouioughly at. each application, and you will get relief. Forsale by all dealersUncle Pennywise Says:You can't make bricks withoutstraw; and some people seem to thinkthis also applies to cigars.The Blue Crane.Fromtimetotime we notice in thepapers that some one has killed a"large blue crane." Is thi3 interesti lg bird to be exterminated by thoughtless people who know nothing of itsf.abits, says the Farmers' HumeJournal.&very one, who, a half-century ago,witnessed the semi-annual pageants ofthe blue crane's stately north and-outh flight every one who, as a child,was ever entertained by these triangular aviations, or heard the solemn midnight croak of some passing nand, willregret the passing of this bird. Whatha.rm has ever been done by the crane?Let him wade with his red bootsknee deep in the marsh and the edgeof the. stream. L3t him fly unharmedin his transcontinental changes of climate, in which he presents to the people in common a spectacle more rareand interesting than that of somecomet too far away to be seen withoutastronomical appliances.Huntsman, farmer, friend! Sit injust judgment in the case of thisstately bird, and let him be foundguilty of doing some injury before youtake his life.Farm Boys to State iFair.The Kentucky State Fair managementand the College of Agriculture havecompleted plans for a Farm Boys' Encampment that will give an opportunity for one boy from each of the 120counties of the State to visit the Kentucky State Fair at Louisville for awhole week without txpense. The purpose of this encampment is to extendthe educational advantage of the Fairto the farms of the State and to stimulate a greater interest in the StateFair by spreading throughout the onehundred aud twenty counties its realworth through these farm boys.The selection of the boys will bemade on competitive examination ofessays by a committee composed of theCounty Superintendent, a member oftheState Board of Agriculture anda member of the faculty of the Agricultural College. Bourbon county applicants should send essays to CountySuperintendent Miss Mabel Kobbins",who will grade same and forward tothe Executive Committeee.The applicants must be between theages of fifteen and eighteen years, andbe actual residents and workers uponthe farm. No boy who has ever beenenrolled in any college of Agriculturein this or any o'her State will be eligible to compete, this do s not excludeboys who nave attended the Agricultural Department in High School.Each boy wlli be required to writean essay of not less than 400 or morethan 600 words upon this subject,"Our Home Farm," accoiding to tnefollowing outline:a Describe the farm-b Why I desire to remain there.c What changes mav be made in thepresent system of carrying on tnisfarm to insure better results.d What can be done to make farmlife more-enjoyable.All essays must be in the hands ofthe local committee .before ,the ,20thof August.' v . , ' -S ..- : v r ' - -rTAILOR DIES HEROOF "WHITE DEATH"Hunchback Who Had LearnedAll That Sermon on MountHacl to Teach.LIVED LIKE A HERMITCrippled George Kramer of New Yorka Voluntary Exile for 17 Years ThatFellow Man Might Benefit CalledIt Duty.New York. George Kramer wasfound dead the other day in a darkroom at 317 Furman street, Brooklyn.Ho was a mute hero of the "whitedeath."Kramer, handicapped, in life by atwisted, puny body, was a tailor inpast years. He worked at his trade,doubled up on a bench in a dimly lighted loft, until 17 years ago two redspots grew on his cheeks and his deformed spine began to be racked witha merciless cough. For a. time the little tailor j kept a stout heart and toiled' at his bench, but meanwhile readin the books of the "white death" andhe became convinced of his duty."I will stop work," he told his employer, "and I will shut myself up. Itis dangerous for others that I shouldbe abroad; that they should work atthe same bench with me. Goodby."So George Kramer, the hunchbackwho had learned all that the Sermonon the Mount had to teach, went tolive alone that others might not beinfected with the virue of the whitedeath. He had saved some money.He carefully computed how long, withinfinite care, that money might provide the bare necessities of ife, and heset the order of his life by the hardtally of dollars and cents.He had one room on the secondfloor of the Furman street house. Tothat room he kept by day, never showing himself to the other tenants inthe house. Most of the people thereonly knew that the "coughing man"lived in that little room, whose blindswere always closed.But at night late at night, when noone was on the street but the police-Walked Through Back Streets.men George Kramer used to creepdown from his retreat and take walksthrough the back streets alone. Allothers, he reasoned, were in bed andsafe from the peril that was alwayswith him. So George Kramer usedto walk at night, with the white deathever at his elbow.The years went by, and then Mrs.Caroline Walsh moved into the Furmanstreet house. Mrs. Walsh is a mother;she has a great mother love, whichmeans love for all. She got to knowthe "coughing man" by conversationsthrough the panels of his door. Shesaw his face rarely. But she heartened him this mother, who was the onlyone in the house to think, except withloathing, of the "coughing man."Mrs. Walsh used to step to thedoor almost every morning and ask ifthere was anything she or her childrencould do for Kramer any little errands. Usually they would go to thegrocery store for him and leave thefood outside the closed door, becauseKramer insisted that they should notcome near him.A few days ago Mrs. Walsh and thechildren went out of town. Whenthey returned, and before she openedher own door. Mrs. Walsh knocked atthe door of the "coughing man." Noanswer. More knocks, and still no answer. Then the janitor broke down thelocked door.The man who had walked alone withthe white death for 17 years had consented to go to a far country withhis grim companion.The only possession of value he leftbehind him was 1. By just $4 had the"coughing man" overcoraputed thatmargin of necessity which had beenthe measure and the iron bound of hislife of sickness..Believes in Bible.Atlanta, Ga. Governor Brown quoted from the Bible, "Whoso killeth anyperson, the murderer shall be put todeath," to justify his refusal to commute sentence of death passed onmlrderers. - ,I IrM ,lir if r.rrllESraligliiijfeliHEji:iS:rV,.. OGAY. PARTY PAINTSPASTOR'S PET PUPSAnimals Then Mussed Up ThifMaster, Ruined His Clothesand Shocked His Dignity.jJamestport, Mo. Two "noun dawg"of a well advertised variety have splitthis town and the surrounding community wide open. A suit for $2,000,filed by Rev. W. E. Brown of the Methodist church against the members of arecent wedding party, is a feature.The trouble had its inception in a.house party given by Miss BlancheThompson Smith. When the fun waaat its highest one night some one suggested that the "noun dawgs" ownedby Rev. Mr. Brown be decorated inhonor of the occasion To the barn ofS-WMiMMChanged Their Coats.the reverend geritleman the party nladeits way.The "nouns'" were lonesome andthey welcomed company. They weredecoyed from the barn, tethered andthen the fun began. One of the dogswas striped with white paint. Theother's body was covered "with, whitespots.It was late in the evening "when Rev.Brown, returning from a pastoral call,took his horse to the barn. He openedthe door and the dogs ran out. In theirjoy at the return of their master theyran between his ministerial- legs and-xupset him. Then they frisked andgamboled over his prostrate body un--tilthe minister looked as if he, too,had been given a coat of white paint.Rev. Mr. Brown was angry, but bowas angrier still the next day whenhe discovered that the "houn' dawgs"had contracted lead poisoning.MAD BULL TIES UP TRAFFICCharges Full Speed Through BusyStreets of New Jersey City, Trampling Many People.Paterson, N. J. A young bull charging at full speed up Main street, thebusiest thoroughfare of the city, earlythe other evening, caused considerableexcitement and tied up trolley trafficuntil it was finally ccrraled.The bull escaped during a stampedeat an abattoir at Riverside, wherethere had been a fire, and darted along:River street, gathering speed as itreached Main street. Hundreds ofCharged Full Speed.men and boys followed in its wake.When the animal reached'the intersection of Main, West streets and Broadway, many people were trampled inthe rush for safety.Traffic Officer James McCormack atthis point joined the race, which continued for several more blocks. Thefleet-footed cop chased the animalinto the vestibule of a five and tacent store, and as the oJr3cer -was aboutto make a grab the bulfvlowered it3horns, made a charge, throwing' tbacop and diving headlong into -X big"plate glass window, smashing It,By this time McCormack had recovered his breath, and fter thronging the bull in true western style hasat on it until tho arrival of the re-ri" 1 n 1 iffjarserves. . . ,'n , - . V.??. ;;i',. 4. VT"'S.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, ; KENTUCKY, AUGUST 13, 1912ZM66'" ANNUALBOURBONCOUNTYFAIR!PARIS, KYSept. 3, 4, 5, 6, 7,1912.Best Horse Show of...Them All...Liberal Premiums For All Classes" of Live Stock.Free Entrance lo All GlassesMICHAEL'S CONCERT BAND!MISS HAMMANN, SoloistS Every Day Has SpecialTuesday Big Colt Stake, Pony Show, ShorthornCattle, Harness, Saddle and RoadsterHorses' Sheep.Wednesday Shorthorn and Beef Cattle, Harnessand Saddle Horses, Baby Show, Mare andColt, Pony Rings, Berkshire, Poland Chinaand Durock Hogs.Thursday $100 Harness Stake; Jersey Cattle, Jacksand Jenne:s, Saddle and Harness Rings.Friday $250 given in Mule Premiums, including $100Suckling Mule Show; Heavy HarnessHorses, Harness Mares, Harness Geldings,Pony Rings, Boy Rider, Walking Horse;$100 Saddle Special; Lady Driver, FancyTurnout, Combined Horses, Etc.Saturday Six Roadster Classes, including $100Sweepstakes; Combined Rings, Saddle andDraft Horses, Trotting Bred Colt, BabyShow, Rockaway and Model Horses, HeavyHarness Horses, Gentlemen Riders.Biggest Poultry and Pigeon Showof Any County Fair.Day and Night Attractions!Reduced Rates On All Railroads, mWrite ForJ. M. Hall, Pres.It 6 bic...SEPTEMBER...9,J10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 1912AT THE.Kentucky State FairLIBERAL PREMIUMS OFFEREDDaily Races Free Attractions Clean MidwayUBERATTS BANDFanneEkys School Encampment REDUCED RAILROAD RATES( For Information, EntryJ. l. DENT. SECY.320 PAUL JONES BUILDINGwznyjMFeatures, IncludingCatalogue.C. A- Webber, Sect.-TBlanks, Catalogue, AddressLOUISVILLE KY.Paris Loses Opner To Richmond.Paris'Jost the opening came of theaeries with the Pioneers on the Richmond grounds yesterday afternoon bya score of 13 to 3.SATRUDAY.' Paris yielded a gee-saw affair to theLawmakers at White Park Saturdayafternoon, the visitors winning by ascore of 9 to 8. Hauser had an oftday and his slants were to the liking "ofthe visitors, who were free with theirhits to the latter part of the sixthwhen he was relieved by Appleagte,who. finished the game. Langfitt proved easy for the locals and before threemen had been retired in the sixth session following a fusillade of safe driveshe was yanked from J;he rubber andFrench substituted.The five errors made by Paris wereeach responsible for a run. The, localsmade a lively bid for the nontest in theninth when after two were out Chapman doubled to center and was ofllowed by Mollenkamp who singled sendingin a ;run. Goodman retired the sidewith an easy roller to Zimmerman.SUNDAY.Paris took the double bill from thePioneers at White Park Sunday afternoon, winning the initial contest by ascore of 3 to 2, and the last 8 to 2.Hauser who was driven from themound in the game Saturday by theLawmakers, came back and pitchedboth of the seven inning affrays. Heheld the visitors to two hits in thefirst game and when the locals forgedahead bv a big margin in the second,he eased his pace and never exertedhimself in the innings following.The locals put up an excellent article of ball and found Black in the firstgame easily, while in the second hewas driven from the rubber in thefirst inning. Manager Jones took hisplace but he could not stop tho hittingstreak of the locals who hit the ballfreely at ail stages.Locke starred at short accepting aneven dozen chances without an error,while the remainder of the team fielded well. Harrell had the only twoerrors in the first game while the only one in the second was registeredagainst Chapman.With the second game hopelesslylost left-fielder Snyder, of the Pioneers took exceptions to a decisionrendered by Umpire Franklin at thehome plate and when he became offensive toward the officials he wasassessed a fine of $5. This served togreatly arouse the anger of Snyderwho assaulted the umpire, strikinghim in the breast and police interference was necessary. The offendingprincipal was taken from the groundby an officer.Vein Struck at Blue Lick.Blue Lick Springsjbids airto becomethe famous resort that it was severalyears ago. Workmen engaged in sinking a well near the old well struck arich vein of Blue Lick water at a depthof five hundred feet, and the gusheryielded so rapidly that within an hourthe water was within eighteen feet olthe top of the well.Much excitement prevails in theBlue Lik neghborhood and the peoplebelieve the finding of the vein meansthe restoring of the famouB wateringplace to its former position that ofthe must prominent in the South.5Several years ago the old well atBlue Licks ran out and repeatedefforts have been made to locate avein of water, but without result untilSaturday. The water from the newvein is said to compare very favorably with that of the old well, and asample has been sent to a chemist tobe analyzed.Paris Team At Home Tnursday.The Paris team will be at home forbut one game during the present week.The locals will have the second tiltwith the Pioneers at Richmond this afternoon and will go to Mt. Sterlingtomorrow. Thursday they wiil return to Paris with the Mt. Sterlingclan for the only game of the weekon the local grounds and the remainder of the week will be spent in Maysvilie including Sunday.Promising Show Colt Injured.The nromising show colt belongingto Speakes Bros., of this city,whichhas created such a sensation at thefairs in this section of Kentuckv,where she has been exhibited in theshow ring, met with an accident Friday that may prove disastrous to herowners. The colt wason the train to be takenbeing loadedto Lexingtonto be readv for the Blue Grass Fair.when in some manner the boards leading to the car pens slipped, pinioningthe right hind leg of the animal,badly la3cerating the member. It isthe intention of her owners to exhibitner in tne $a.uuu coic sraKe at tne iair'today and it is btobable her injury'wiillessen the chances for the blue tie.The colt is pronounced by experthorsemen to be the finest specimenever seen in the show ring and barring the accident would have madegreat show at the Lexington fair.However, her owners will try for thebig stake today aeainst twenty-sevenentries.Woman In a New Sphere.Harry Booth gasped, Jimmy Russellstared, Jimmy Roland rubbered andall the other employes of the ParisDistilling Company;wonderedas theywatched Miss May me Pixley," of Jeffersonville, Ind. paint the 110 footsmoke stack of the distillery lastThurs ay. The young lady, who isquite pretty, donned a suit of bloomers, and'af ter rigging up her own scafold. proceeded to paint the mammothstack up one side and down on theother.Miss Pixley is the daughter of Mr.Wm. Pixley, of Jeffersonville. who hasbeen engaged in the dangerous task ofpainting smoke 'stacks, bridges, etc.,fur a number of years. His prettydaughter has been engaged with himon a number of difficult jobs, includingtne painting oi tne new nign mi.igpon "the Southern road. The wotri"fear" is rot in her vocabulary, andas she plied the brush from her slenderscaffold over a hundred feet in the air.occasionally waving at the spectatorswho tremblingly watched her from below, she presented a spectacle interesting, to say the least.The Funeral of Mr.McLear.Clifton J.The funeral of Mr. Clifton JeffersonMcLear, who died in this city Wednesday evening, August 7, just as theshades of night were falling, was heldat the Baptist chruch, Friday afternoon, at half-past three o'clock.The church was filled with representatives of all denominations in thecity, friends of this Christian man andhis faithful wife, who, sincecoming toPana about twelve jears ago, -havewon the love and respect of the entirecommunity by their upright businessmethods, their devotion to the cause ofrighteousness, and to each other.It was a source of regret that thepastor of the church, Rev. E. M.Lightfoot," couldjiot be present uponthis occasion to offer his tribute oflove and respect to the Christian character of Mr. McLear, whom he lovedas a brothre, and to whom he ministered so tenderly during the long, wearymonths of illness.In his absence, Rev.Geo. W. Clark,of Henderson, Ky., who during his pastorate of the Pari3 church, endearedhimself to Mr. and Mrs. McLear, cmducted the service. He read appropriate Scripture lessons from the XVchapter of I Corinthians and from theBook of Revelations, in reference tothe new creature, the new abode andthe new conditions of the saints afterdeath. His text was from Job 14-14"If a man die shall he live again?"A singular coincidence was that thiswas the same passage of Scriptre usedat the funeral of ;Mr. McLear's littledaughter twenty-seven years ago, andwas selected by Bro. Clark withoutthis knowledge., The speaker dweltupon the immortality of the humansoul as taught in God's word, and saidthat the soul and body are distinct, thebody being the dwelling place of thesoul until time for their separation,when the body returns to dust, and thesoul, purified and made perfect throughsuffering, to the God who gave it.Rev. Clark then paid a high tributeto the Christian life and character ofMr. McLear, saying that it was eminently proDer for the chucrh and thecommunity to pause and honor thememory of a Christian man, such asthis one, who in his life en.ioyed agood name, a good reputaion with allwho knew him.His intergity. his uprightness wereabove reproach and he was alwaystrue to his convictions. He was one ofthe be-t known and most ponular hotelmen in Kentucky, and in his chosenbusiness stood as a monument of unswerving fidelity to principle. Hismethods may have been uniuqe, but hewas above conducting that businessalong the lines usually followed hewould permit no objectionable lansiuage. no unbecoming conduct. Hehimself was uniformly courteous, pureand chaste in his conversation and conduct, and eneavored to require thesame fiom thosa who frequented hisplace of business.He also refused absolutely to sellliquor in the hotels which be managed,although this stand cost him thousandsof dollars, yet he declined to makeany compromise with eil, and wasalwavs true to his temperance principles for the sake ot humanity. In hisvery last conversation with his lovedones only a short time before his voicewas forever hushed, he urged them tocontinue the fight for temnerance inwhich he had been engaged for morethan thirty years.Mr. McLear was a man of goodworks as well as good man, was kind,gentle and charitable, contributinglargely to the church, to temperance,and to everv good cause. He wouldnever accept remuneration for boardfrom clergymen, no matter of whatdenomination. There was always aplace at his table and in his house forthe minister of God. in any communitywhere he conducted a hotel. Surelysuch a noble man has received a richreward, and has been given an "abundant entrance into that upper and better kingdom." ,The tenderest love and sympathyare extended to the wife wno has walked by his side, sharing his burdens,his joys, and his sorrows, for thirtyfive years, and between whom therewas the most perfect companionship.Their devotionwas beautiful and complete, and now" that she is left entirelyalone, the friends who love her praythat the promises which were so precious to her beloved, and his faith andi submission may console and sustain herin her loneliness and sorrow.Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive, pastor of thePresbyterian church, added his tributeof appreciation and respect to themomnri' nf rhis; onnrl mnn find F!lr?or5w. E. Ellis, of the Christian church,nft'ovpH n tpnrip.r nravpr. A nnartottacomDOsed of Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland", Prof. A. H.; Morehead and Dr.Frank Fithian. 3ang "Seme SweetDay," "It is Well With My Soul" and"Shall We Gather at the River?"The body was tenderly home to itslast resting nlace in the Paris cemetery, andas the rays of thewesteringsun fell across the flower-coveredmound where sleeps all that is mortalof this pure, blameless man, the quartette sang "The Christian's Goodnight." Barred the "Turkey Trot."The fair dance at Winchester duringthe Hospital Fair last week was a decided success even without the "turkey tron" upon which a ban had beenplaced by those in charge of the affair. A large- banner extending almost the width of the hall bore thethe warning, "No turkey trotting'',and this warning had the desired effect upon the dancers. Miss ClayCroxton, of "Winchester, well-knownin PariSj was one of the number tolead the dancers.Shorthand Reporters Hold Meeting. The Kentucky Shorthand Eeporters' Association held its annual session in L'exington Friday and Saturdayclosing Satuaday morniag with theelection of officers for the ensuingyear whicn were as loiiows: MarvinMiller, Owensboro, President; J. G.McLean, Louisville, first vice Presilenc, Harry Kilgour, Ashland, secondvice President; Mrs. Elizabeth C.tiogers, Lexington, formerly of Pans,secretary and treasurer. Mrs. Rogerswas re-elected. A luncheon was served at the Phoenix hotel Saturdaymorning and the shorthand artistsmade a trip to J. B. Haggin's ElmenJorf farm in the afternoon.Crowd Menaces Man ArrestedHere.Patrolman Fred Link and Jailer JoeFarris returned Friday morning fromFalmouth, where they took Will Deansand Will Overtree, the two nergoes arrested here by Patrolman Link Wednesday night, charged with complicity inthe robbery of Payamster Mulilns, ofthe'Patterson-Gritffih Construction Co.Whenithe train arrived in Falmouthseveral hundred people were at the depot to meet the officers with the men.Considerable lll-feeilng had beenstirred up as a resutl f the robbery,and the manner in which the victimwas beaten by his assailants. For atime it was feared that an effort wouldba made to lynch the negroes andthe officers from here stated the authorities at Falmouth were very apprehensive as to the safety of the twomen.Paymaster Mullins positivey identified'the men as being two of the fivewho assailed him, beating him with ablunt instrument about the head andbody, and taking the sum of S985. Hewas badly bruised about the head "andone cheek was lacerated. BesideB hesLffered several broken ribs and an injury to his right hand.After being brought before MullinsOvertree made a confesion'of the crimeand stated that he was the leader ofthe "five men who attacked the paymaster. Deans, who had protested hisinnocencehere also admitted being inthe partv. Officer Link turned overthe descripions of the three remainingnegroes, who are thought to be in Cincinnati, to the Falmouth officials.Insurance Promptly Paid.Mr. W. O. Hinton, representing theAmerican Insurance Company, ofNewark, N. J., the "WilliamsburghCitv Insurance Co., of Millwaukee,a d'the Mechanics Insurance Co., haspaid the cla ms of Mr. J. B. Nortbcott, Mr. John Cain and Mr. W. T.Talbott for losses sustained in the recent fire which damaged the buildingof Mr. Northcott, on Main street destroyed the furnishing ,of Mr. Cainand the stock of clothing of Mr. Talbott. Within ten days after the fire afull settlement was made with thepolicy holders and the sum of $450.00was paid to Mr. Cain, $750.00 to Mr.Northcott, while that of Mr. Talbottwas $750.00.A few days prior to the fire Mr.Cain moved to the flat from his homeon Lilleston Avenue but the transferof the policy on his household goodshadjiot been made. Without questioning this technical point and uponthe recommendation of Mr. Hintonthe full amount of tee policy waspaid together with that of the otherclaim holders who suffered in the recent fire. Mr. Hinton has for a number of years represented these old re1 able comranies and the value of suchpolicies can be measured by theprompt settlement in this case alone JInsure with W. O. hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfMatting Rugs.Another lot of 9 feet by 12feetReversible Matting Rugs, $3.45.3 feet by 6 feet, 45 cents.Also 11 feet 8 inches by 9 feet,stenciled on one side. Matting Rugs,$2.35.On sale now.12jly-tf. J. T. HINTON.Explicit Distinction."You will open the convention withprayer?" "Yes," replied the chaplain."But, of course, you will bear in mindthat it is a prayer and not prophecy.''No Cause to Repent.Alice So Maud is divorced. Iknew wl?:n she married in such hastethat she would repent at leisure. KateOh, there's no repentance in hercase; she gets $200 a month alimony.Training Needed.Mrs. Benham I think it would hewell for our boy to go to Sundayschool. Benham What for? Mrs.Benham There is need of having hisideas straightened out; I told himsomething about St. Peter at the gateand he wanted to know if St. Peterwas a 'ticket chopper.Pedestrians.A teacher in a primary school wasendeavoring to make clear to herclass the meaning of the words"equestrianism" and "pedestrianism"when she put this query to one smallhoy: "What is a pedestrian?" "Heis one of those fellows," said the hoy,"who makes an awful kick when anautomobile runs him down."Protect your growing tobacco with Hail Insurance.THOMAS & WOODFORD.$2,000,000 for Tobacco Growers.1 After having been the means ofhandling more than 250,000,000poundsof Burely tobacco, for which" morethan 825,000,000 was obtained for thefarmers and officres of the organization since 1906. the Burley. TobaccoSoceity will soon automatically passout of existence.This week more than thirty thousand cheeks are to be sent out to thefarmers in Kentuckv, Ohio and Indianaas the final Davment for tobacco soldthrough the pools of 1906. 1907 and1909. There was no pool in 1908 be-causeof the night riding outragesljgjThe ten-year pool for which a campaign was carried on last year underPresident ClaJence LeHus, of the Burley Society and Burley Company, isformed under the latter organizationwhich is the holding and operatingconcern, the Society being merely forpooling purposes.Tha thirty thousand checks to besent out this week to the farmers whowere in the oid pools will total about$2,000,000 and will be the final Davmentfor tobacco sold under the Burley Society organization and will "wind ud"the Society.State Meeting at Mt. Sttrlia.The State meeting of the Woman'sChristian Temperance Union will beheld at Mt. Sterling September 25-29.-, -Nationalworkers and speakers will-pbe present. jNotice.All customers not having 'settled .their July accounts are respectyullyrequested to call and do so at once, l,J,Respectfullv,6-tf MISS JESSIE BROWN.Railroad Commission.A far-reaching case, invovling rateson material shipped tn distilleries ofthe Kentucky Distilleries and Warehouse Company, will be heard by theRailroad Commission at the first meeting in Frankfort in October. The stvleof the'easo is the Kentucky Distilliiesand Warehouse Company against theL. &N.Best Paris Green at Butler'sOpp. Court House. 26 4-tSome Marriages.The Rev. K. R. Temuleman, a minister of the Crhistian Church, residingnear Carlisle, having united over 700couples in marriage, probably holdsthe record in this section of the State.Rev. Templeman a few days ago celebrated his seventieth birthday.Go to B uck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firsfrclas? barbers. 13 tf.fie Won't Limp Now.No more limpingof Cochran. Ga., "for Tom Moore."I had a bad sorenothing seemed toBucklen's Arnica"but this wonderon my instep thathtlp till I usedSalve," he writes,ful healer scon cured me." Heals oldrunning sores, ulcers, boils, burnscuts, bruises, eczema or piles. Try it.Only 25c at Oberdofer's.Revenue Men Meet.The meeting of the Seventh District revenue men was held at Frankfort Thursday and was attended by alarge number of storekeepers andguagers. Mr. J. M. FBurbridge, ofBourbon, was selected as one of thedelegates to the National Federationwhich meets in Chicago September18-20. There was a disposition on thepart of those present to invite theNational Federation to meeting inLexington next year.Bicycle Supplies.Full line of bicycle supplies for allmakes of wheels. Let us fill yourorder.9 tf J. ELVOVE.I A vast amount of ill health is due toimpaired indigestion. When the stomach fails to perform its fuuctions properly the whole system becomes deranged. A few doses of Chamberlains Tablets is all you need. Thevwill strengthen your rfigestion, invigorate your liver, and regulate yourbowels, entirely doing away withthat miserable feeling due to faulty digestion. Try it. Many others havebeen permanently cured why not you?For sale bv all dealers.Dissolution Notice.The pardnership heretofor existingbetween C. E. Butler and B. F. Laughlin in the sale ot Laughlin's Hog andPoultry medicines has been dissolved.Mr. Butler retiring from the business.In the future the business will be conducted byJMr. B. F. Laughlin at hisoffice on Bank Row. f jrmerly occupiedby the late Judge Russell Mann.C. E. BUTLER.B. F. LAUGHLIN.FOR SALE.Folding bed. carpt, window .shades,couch, cot, hammock, kitchen safe andrange. B. F. ADCOCK,13-3t Home phone 402.FARM FOR RENT.My farm in Bourbon county, nearEwalt's Cross Roads, conlaining 565acres. Only reliable persons, financially and otherwise, need apply.Right to seed this fall.W. .E HIBLER312 E. High Street.9-2t. Lexington, Ky.Found .Clhid's plush coat on Houston avenue. Owner can have same by proving Droperty and paying advertisngcharges. Anplv at News office.LOST.Between my home and the CourtHouse on July 27th' a DometsicSciencenote book with samples of sewing.Any information that will lead to itsrecovery will be gratefully received.MRS. R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.FOR RENT.,Flat of four rooms, bath, etc., overC.'P. Cook & Co.'s grocery. Apply toJ. T. HINTON.aRoxie" Davis 1Cbe Insurant flgentLife, Accident, Health,,Liability, Fire, Wind,.Lightning :::::::: rBiggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137 ,nvn41-y -JbS. ;f t1 r " moTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 13, 1912)"-Ft 1fflE BOURBON NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THE EESTOF EVERY-n-MNGNOTICE.City taxes for the year1912 are now in my handstor collection at my office atthe Deposit Bank.C K. THOMAS,26-tf City Collector.Ctrpenter Home Sold.The home of Mrs. Mary E. Carpenter, near Hutchison, was sold Thursday by the real estate firm of Harris'jgpeakos, of this city, to il. li.Jfby for 1515.Don't fail to attend J. T.dnton's Bisgz '. CiI umiiure aieow eoine on andclosingcut allAugust 24th. Pricesto pieces.At Cost.childrensLadies'cost.12jly-tf.andOxfords atFELU'S SHOE STORE.Big Price For Pony.J. F. Barbee, of Millersburg, haspurchased the undefeated chammonpony of the world. McDougie 567 atthe highest price evr paid for a Shetland ponv. Mr. Barbee will place himat the head of his fine herd.Preserving Time. .Let us fill your order for MasonJars and Tin Cans. Th9 price is right.2-H LA.VIN& CONNELL.Buys Buick Car.Mr. Josenh Stivers, of this city, hasourchased of the firm of Yerkes &Kenney, automobile dealers of thiscity, a 1913 model Buick five-passengertouunc car. The machine will be delivered Sentember 1. The car will beused for commercial purposes, and Mr.htiveis will ush it in connection withhis Bueruass stripper factory, which is !located heie.Book Bargains.We have just received a completeline of standard fiction. Some of thebest novels by thejbest authois now ondisDalay in our window. These booksaie offered while they last at the special price of 50 cents each.6-tf. PARIS BOOK CO.Thumb Lasceraled.Mr. W. T. Thompson, a farmer residing on the Peacock pike near thiscity, had his thumb badly lacerated bya horse Friday morning. Mr. Thompson had gone to the barn to feed andnicking uo a bundle of Toats attemptedto put it in a manger when the animalin reaching for the sheaf caught histhumb between his teeth.Real Estate Transfer.The following deeds have ' been recorded in the office of Countv ClerkPeare'Paton in.the'past fewdays :Dr. D. S. Henry to H. B. Arnoldhouse and lot in Paris SI, 900.f HenryjNeal to Louise K. January 2lots in Paris, 1 and other considerations. John S. Jones to H. T. Ingram, lotin Paris, S225.Bourbon Fair Catalogues.The News has on hand a supply ofthe Bourbon Fair catalogues for thesixty-fifth annual exhibition, to beheJri here Sept. 3-7, inclusive. Thecatalogues are for distribution, andcan be had by calling at this office.Successful Sale Of Lots.The Adcock Realtv Co., of this city,conducted a very successful sale oflots in Lexington, Friday. A tract ofland Iving on the Versailles pike hadbeen plattea into seventy lots, whichsold for an average of abcut $lt0.Mr. B. F. Adcock, of this city, is atthe head of the firm which conductedthree successful sales in the past yearin Central Kentuckv towns.Will Eliminate Crossing.A corns of civil egineers was engaged last week in maknig a survey atthe Louivsille & Nashville crossing ofthe Peacock pike near this city. Thecrossing, which is one of the most dangerous in the c8unty, will be eliminated, the company planning to lower itstracks and construct an overheadbridge to accommodate traffic. Thiswill necessitate the raising of the pikeon either side of the company's rightof way and an immense fill will havetobe made.Immense Line of Wall Paper.Call at mv store ana pick from thelarce new strk of wall paper justwhat vou ic- a'ii have it nut on yourwalls. Exper.e.icrd decorator areready to do yiur work.J. T. HlNlC.Negroes Fight FatalDuel.In a pistol nuel at Jacksonville, thiscounty, Thuis lay night James Parkerwas shot and killed by James Nicholsand the latter was motally wounded,tfoth are nergoes. There were no witnpccnc tn the. shootinc. but Nichols..w... w - - - w.made the statement that as they waiKeatoward the Ionce room ne ann wainergot into a dispute about a pistol whichhad been stolen, and that Walker, who,he savs, had a pistol in his hand, beganfiring on him, wounding him once inthe knee and once i.i the groin beforehe could draw. He then began firing.Walker was shot once in the wrist andthree times in the body and died in afew minutes. Coroner Rudolph Davisheld an inquest over tha Dody of Parker, v ' ,personal Mention.Mr. John Mahar visited in Richroond Sunday.Mrs. u. S. Bell ip qute ill athome on the Maysvilie pike.herMiss Nora Woods is at home froma visit to friends in Louisville.Mr. Ollie Klase, of Frankfort, isthe guest of Mr. Jake Saloshin.Miss Rebecca Redmon has returnedfrom a visit to frienas in Tennessee.Mrs. John Price, of Weston, Mo., isvisiting relatives and friends in Paris.Miss Bftty Smith is vicitinc hpraunt Mrs.fL. E. Greggs, in Mt. Sterling. Messrs. Wm. Cooper and ErnestMartin visited friends in HarrodsburgSunday.Miss Callie Arrasmith, of Mt.sterling, is the guest of Mr. and Mrs.Ben Hopper.Mrs. J. C. Elign has returned frn-na visit to her niece, Mrs. H. T. Hopkins, in Sharpsburg.Mrs. F. S. Elder returned Fridayfrom Tolro 7lllnrvs Awl. ...Un ui -v" i-unc, majje. nin., wucic suevisited her parents.Mrs. George Wilder and0. Chambers sDent severaFrankfot last week.Mrs.daysW.inMr. and Mrs. 6en Weissberg andlittle son have returned from a visit torelatives in Pittsburg.Mr. Charles Mitchell has been confined to hi? home on High street forseveral days with illness.Miss Julia Woods, uhn has beenvisiting Misa Alma Fossick, at Sheffield, Ala., has returned home.Miss Elizabeth Foushee, of Cvnthiana, is the guest of Miss Leila Keller, at her home en Second street.Mrs. Perrj Shy and little daughter. Miss Edith, of Frankfort, are visiting relatives and Iriends in Paris.Mrs. J. W. W. Huffman and daugh:ter, Miss Edna, reurned Sunday aftera visit to relatives in Springfield, 0.Messrs Sam and Shannon Freemanof Tazewell. Va.. are guests of Mr.and Mrs. Clarence Ashurst, in thiscity.Mrs- M. F. Kenney, who has beenDuite ill from the effect of an attackof ptomaine poisoning is recoveringrapidly.-Mrs. t!has. E. Butler entertainediFhUuSday eln.00" from 3 to 6 o'clocktor her sister-in-law. 'Mrs. V. K.Shipp.of Oklahoma City, Okla.Mr. and Mis. George Wilder andson Ussery, leave next week for a tendays' stay with Mr. Wilson Wilder athis summer home near Louisville.Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Lilleston. who .have been the guests of the former's lT T - i t w umother, Mrs. S. Lilleston, in this city, f M"fi,J' Rl-f.oodward of Wincheshave returned to their home in Wichl er-f?th ot Mi;s' ? Y0CK' ?fita. Kans. ! Paris, is dangerously ill at his home inMr. Henry Curtis left Sunday forMiddlesboro, to spend a week with hisson, Mr. Earl Curtis, who is employedby the L. & N. railroad companv" inthat city.Mr. and Mrs. Houston Rion returned Saturday from their bridal tourthrough the West and are at the homeof Mi. and Mrs. Jos. M. Rion, on WestSecond street.Miss Anna Eads Peed is inRichmond, Va., the truest of Miss Louise tHtmfflr RofnVfl Vnfnvntnrv Lsm nlA"... j-i.uic iciuuuim uuiiic onewin go 10 wasmngron, u. u.. lor atwo-weeks' stay.At "The Heights," the countryhome of Mr. Thnmas H. Hlnv .Trnear Paris, a tomato vine of the Pon-1derosa variety, grew ten tomatoes thaweighed eleven pounds.Miss Mary Kenney was the guestlast week of Mrs. Elzsbeth Rogers, inLexngton, and attended the shorthandreporters convention which was held inthat city Thursday and Friday.Miss Elizabeth Yerkes is a"guestata house party that is being entertained by Miss Colgate JtJascom, atSharpsburg. Before returning homeshe will gofor a visit to Miss LucyClay Woodford in Mr.jSterlmg.Mr. T. T. Templin and daughter,Miss Mabel, left yesterdav for Hillsboro, 0., for a visit to Mrs. 'MiltonRoss, a sister of Mr. .Templin. I This isthe first trip he has made to Hillsboro,hisformerhome, in seventeen years.The ladies of the Methodist churchgavei leception Friday afternoon atthe chuLch in honor of Mrs. HelenKorByth, who has been teaching in aMethodist school in Dallas, Texas, andMiss Sue Ford, a missionary in Mixco,both of whom are at home on a visitto reallives.Mr. William Shire left Sundaynight for New York, where he willconduct the purchase of the jewelrystock for the firm of Shire.& Fithian.He will be absent about a 'month andwill spend his vacation of tw . weeksvisiting in the larger cities of theEast.Mrs. Henry Fuhrman entertainedThursday evening at her home onEast High street for her guest, MissHelen.Greenholt, of Baltimore. Md.,a niece ofRMr. Fuhrman. Five hundred was engaged in during the evening. Two prizes were awarded. Theladies' prize, a pair of.pictures naint-!ed by tne honor guest, who is gifted in ithe use .of the brush, was won by MissLnnnne' Coliinc. iha gentlemen's prizeiranlome traveling case, v.ub zv.ciiled to Mr. Harry Horton. The guestsenjoyed several 'vocal selctions ren-,dered by Miss Gertrude Welsh, Mrs.Fuhrman's niece. After the uames atwo-course luncheon was served. Mrs.William Kenney. Mrs. Frank Fithianand Mrs. W. R. Scctt assisted in entertaining. Those present were : MissesHelen Greenholt, Clara Bell and Nan-. i JVT 1 TT1 T..J 1... 4JC Ui,nia tsrent u ieai. xieien .uaugneciv,, rjorinne Collins,Belle Horton. RuthMorgan, Martha Wyatt, irieien Morrison, Carolyn Roseberry, fEliz&bethWhitridge, Mary Woodford and RachelWiggins; Dr. C. G. Daugherty, Messrs.William Taylor, Lyons Board, MauriceRnrnancrh. Ctiatlton Clay. WilliamCooner, Fay Ardery, Harry Horton,Edward Pichard, Charles Fithian.Henry Lilleston ard Huyh ejguon.Misses Essie and Goldie Saloshinha've retruned from Georgetown, wherethey were the guests of Miss MayMargolen. They were accomDamed byMiss Margolen, who will be theirguest for several weeks.Mr. J. H. Ewall continues quite ill! at his home on Ingles avenue.Miss Maude Day is visitiangfriends in Lexington and attending thefair.Mr. Thomas Best has moved to theresidence of Mrs. Hedges on Cypressstreet.Mrs. Rebecca Rudisill and Mrs.Elizabeth Freeman tare visiting inLouisville.Miss Margaret Leer, of Columbus,0., is the guest of Mrs. O. P. Carter,in East Paris.Miss Norma Hark, of Portsmouth,0., will arrive today for a visit toMiss Willie T. Summers.Mr. James E. Kern has returnedto Cincinnati after a visit to relativesland friends in this city.J Mrs. P. A. Thompson and chil1 dren are the guests of Mr. and Mrs. R.J. Thompson, in Covington.! Miss Willie T. Summers has returned from a visit to friends in Carrulton. Ky., andPortsmouth, O.3 Mr. B. F. Adcock, of this citv,was among'tne visitors at the BlueGrass Fair in Lexington yesterday.Mr.J John Lytle, of Cinninnati,was guest Sunday of his parents,Mr. and Mrs. Omar Lytle, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Albert Arkle, of Cincinnati, were guests Sunday of Mr. andMrs. Bailey Arkle and other relatives.Mr. B. F . Laughlin has movedi from the residence he occupied onj Nineteenth street to that of Mrs.Tucker on Pleasant street.Miss Sue Ford, who hastbeen visting relatives here jor several weeks,has returned to her work as teacherin a mission school in Mexico.i Mr. and Mrs. Earl Swearingen, andUtile paugh ter, Elizabeth, are visit-I ing Mr. Swearingen' s father, Mr. W.G. Swearingeo, at Carthage, Ohio.Mrs. Sulia Frank and daughters,Misses Helen and Carrie, who havebeen spending several weeks at LakeChautanqoa, N. Y., will return today.Mr. George Ashurst who has beenconfined to his home for severalweeks as tho result of an operation, isrecovering rapidly and is now able tosit up.Mrs. ,'L. D. Harris has returnedfrom Cincinnati, where she has beenthe guest ot her daughter. Mrs. J. W.Dale. Mrs. Dale accompanied fierhome Sunday.Mr. Walter Martin and daughtes.Louise and Margaret, motored to CrabOrchard Sunday, where they scent theday with Mr. Martin's uncle, Mr.Thomas Nanier.mat cny. air. woouwara was nerelast week on a visit to his daughterwhen he was taken ill and compelledto return home.The five months, old daughter ofMr. William Perkins, residing on theCane Ridge pike died Saturday nightafter a brie illness. Thp remainswere taken to Millersburg Sundayafternoon and interred in the Millersburg cemetery.limo kwiJTtici. aiuw; nuciyRollman's Food Choppers, !family size, 39c. j12 qt. Enamel Preserve Kettle,tor zoc., Matting Rugs, 3x6 ft' each 29c.Thin Blown Tumblers each 3c.Cut Glass Blown Tumblers 8c.Decorated cups and saucers,worth 60c set, 3 styles to selectfrom at 45c per set.Decorated Dinner Plates, 3styles to select from at 45c set.2 qt. Enamel Pudding Pans,each 5c.Double-blade Mincing Knife,were 10c now 5c.Fine Linen Box Paper, veryspecial, a box 10c.THE FAIR.WHYA TRUSTDEPARTMENT?Realizing the advantages ofhaving a corporation to act asAdministrator of Estates, alsoin management of property asGuardian or Trustee,The Bourbon Bank andTrust Co.witii a uapitai titocii o: S103.0:0iand Earned Surplus of f 50,000,organized in 187, having had inthat time the experience necessary ia conducting a T;ust Company, Therefore,Bourbon Bank Trust Co.,Paris, Ky.has a Trust Pepartment andSolicits Your Business, jIi h i; Li ni 11JU rilU6Dissolve "Partnership.Messrs. B. F. Laughlin and Chas E.Bntler, who have been connected inthe manufacture of the Laughlin Cholera ure, have dissolved partnership.Mr. Butler retiring fJVIr. F.nno-hlinwill continue to (conduct the businessana in a few days will open an officein the building formerly occupied byJudge Russell Mann, on Bank Row. .Refrigerators; Lawn and PorchFurniture.See my immense stock of refrigerators ; every size and of best make.My assortment of lawn uorch fumi-I ture is unequaled."A -splendid line of rugs, carpets andwall paper to select from.Call and lock them o er. PHhps) most reasonable.J. T. HIN10N.WhileSummer'sMereODAKKODAKS $5 up.CAMERIES,(ABfiraosE: Kodaks)$1.00 to $ 12.00eDaylight Developing Tanks $5.Dark-Room Outfits $1.25 up.JT.i'yiWDaUDQBIf u BrosiW. Ed.All Summer Goods NowOn Sale at Greatly Reduced Prices. ...W, Eda-FEE'S-SPECIALS1G lbs. Granulated Sugar $ 1 .OO8 boxes Searchlight Matches, (3 boxes 10c) 25c8 bars Lenox ' Soap 25cRoyal Baking Powder, 25c size, this week only . 20cStone's Silver Slice and Country Club Cakes.. 1 0-1 5c25 lb. sack Eldean Flour SOc12 lb. sack Eldean Flour 45cParowax, for sealing '. 15cMason qt. Jars 55cMason pt. Jars 45cFee's Grocery Co.twFURNITURE SALE!WHMIII.J .III TfDon't Miss It. Everything inHouse is Included in ThisSale. -PRICES ARE CUT ALL TO PIECIES.For Example:Brass Beds, was $45, now " $34.75White Maple Chairs, was $6.50, now "4.75Art Reed Chairs, was $14.50, now 10. 50Pictures, was $2.75, now 1.45Rugs, (velvet) was $22.50, now, 17,75Hat Rack, was $13.50 9.90Dresser, was $67,50, now 51.25Extension Table, was $25, now 17.75Library Table, was $15, now 8.75Qard Swing, was $5.50, now 3.75Porch Swing, was $7.50, now 4.00Cedar Chest, Jwas $11, now 8.00"KaltexJPorch Bench, was $6.00, now 3.90Magazine Rack, was $1.75, now 1.15Telephone Stand, was $7, now .' 4.95Rattan Rocker, was $4.50, now '..,... 2,45Remember,These are Just a Few Illustrations..Everything is Slaughtered.All Strictly Eor CashSale Closes August 24, Come Now.X. HintonTuckerTucker"VCASHJJft?'vmi'iI1 1Si"J!!:IIA. ' fa-l'ii ! yii'M-' Timm,t-.-JBaMaajiti WV mwvrVfc,,W, rK ,-.,,.? 4.,S JtTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 13, 1912mt.HERE'STHEHOGBOURBON REMEDY CO.,Lexington, Ky,Enclosed find photo of hogr that was cured ofcholera with your Bourbon Hoc Cholera Remedy. This hog was almost dead before usingthe medicine, and then was entirely cured, except loss of ears, tail, etc. The hog is owned byMr. Skiles Ewine. of Bowling Green, Ky. Hewill be glad to give you a testimonial, and wecan get several more if you want them,r JENKINS-SUBLETT DRUG CO.,Bowling Green, Ky,Ask Your Druggist for ItEorSaIe dy W. T. Brooks, Almost Lost His Life.S. A. Stid, of Mason, Mich., willnever forget his terrible exposure to amerciless storm. "It gave me a dreadful cold," he writes."that caused severe nains in my chest, so that it washard for me to breathe. A neighborgave me several dose of Dr. King's,New Discovery which brought greatrelief. The doctor said. I was on theverge of pneumonia, but to continuewith the Discoverv. I did so and twobottles completely cured me." Useonly this quick, safe, reliable medicinefor coughs, colds or any throat or lungtrouble. Price 50c and S1.00. Trialbottle free. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.The Useless Rat.Plague or no plague, it is always agood 'thing to exterminate rats, which.do less good and more harm than, almost any other animal in the world.New York Tribune.EXCURSIONParis, Ky.9 toCincinnati, Q.,And Return.SUNDAY, AUGUST 18, 1912,Fare $1.50 And Return.Excursion Train leaves 7thStreet Station Returning to Parisat 7 p. m.Tickets good Ionday ofsal. e yFor further information, call on orwrite?, T W. H. HARRIS, Agent." E or J. K. SMITH, T. A.DR. DOLLE'SMESSAGE TOYOU CAN BE CURED 3YmurnEfcsta1t'P ' IKJKLtk. In Tif Sifpiilr hs i. jr ru -V;ttI - 'VfiktDB. C. L. DOLLE."Why Talio Treatment That Ig Doing TonNo Good, When a F.v I)av under the careDr. Dolle "Will lrow You How KaBy ItIs to Cure Thehe DJe:if.es "When, the ProperTreatment Is Adininihtt?red.Have you treated f3r month? and years, andl-eon disappcMi r ;iut.l you iliine that you cannot he curl You, no coubt, all this time havebeen treuuM by mcxren need doctors who hadneither s'-C.e.t Liij.i-tlsc nor experience toknow how to rt re yci.These are e "a;ps cf Tvhicli I havecured so many, juhfty giving mo the reputation for ei.rts o uhieh I am ho proud.Blood Diseases, Skin DiseasesI will give you treatment that will in a fewdays cure all rash, tpots and every sign andsymptom My treatment Rets the poison out ofthe system instead of driving it in like ordinarytreatments. I cure blood diseases and Ekm disease so they cannot come back.Varicocele, causing aching or pain inEroin. cr baci, nervousness, "Weakness,Less of Vitality, Lack of AmbitionKy one-treatment cure is what you shouldhave and n hat on will have to have to be curedright. Only one viit is required. I do no cutting and jou sutler no pain ncr trouble. AllEfgiis disappear in a few days.Nervous Troubles, Lost VitalityKy combined treatment for these troubles socoEimon,"amons: those who have become w eak andwomout, who have cauved ;t by folly, dissipationfind excesses, is remarkably poo'd. No one belic esnow qiucKiy it Deneiits until they hae taken it.treating such diseases,Kidney and Bladder Troublesare scientifically cured by me. My methods immediately benefit you, and the majority of cases1 cure come from physicians and specialists whofailed.PifP5 PicfllljIP I can cure you boI-I1CS, riijLUldC quickly and easilythat you will be surprised. I will give you justthe result and cure you are looking for withouta surgical operation.Acute Diseases JgifiygSlremedies seldom cure. My treatment stops everysymptom and cures in a few days. It is scientificthat's the only sure way to be cured so it willnot come back.You can take my Treatment without acent and pay me after I cure you. I knowtfcat I can give you new life, new hope, and canrestore you back to health and happiness. Iknow that every man will pay after I have eliminated every trace of disease from his svstem.Microscopical and analytical unnalysie t'REE.I have writeen a book that ought to be in thehands of every suflerins man in this country. Iwill send vou a copy, free, if you will write me atocce the disease for which you desire treatement,Hours, 0 to 4: Sunday, 9 to 1 p. m. Evenings,7 to S.ou Monday, Wednesday and .Saturday nightsC. L. DOLLE, M. D.Orwr Columbia Theater 525 Walnut St., between" Fifth and Sixth Streets.pAerMy to find, as all that Is .necessary is to-aeCjJorJtne Columbia Theeter, and any one canuBtod laic.!?WrvU Jfl 1 n&b rrs inEXCELLENT AS DAiRY COWSDutch Belted Cattle Have Same General Qualities of Holstein andGive Large Milk Yield.Not very many pure bred herds ofDutch belted cattle are found anywhere in America, and their appearance at the cattle shows always at-,tracts attention because of the unusual color markings. Each animalpossesses the broad white belt aboutthe body presenting the appearance ofa, blanket.The Dutch belted cattle have thegeneral qualities of the Holsteins andare inclined to large milk yield. Asthe herds actually exist, they areV J- w ,-. t . 'Dutch Belted Cow.probably not equal to several otherbreeds in average milk yield, but thecomparison is hardly fair becausethere are ten herds of Holsteins, Jerseys or Guernseys to one of the belted, and it is easier to select competitive herds of more popular breeds.One of the best practical uses ofthe pure bred stock is in crossingwith other cattle. The grade heiferof part Dutch belted ancestry is pretty sure to be a good animal for dairypurposes. She will possess the characteristic white belt, although endsof body may be red or roan insteadof black. She will be a large milkyielder, the quality being good, although not particularly rich in butterfat. She is also likely to be a longlived producer and perhaps a littlemore hardy than most pure bredstock. The Dutch belted reproducetheir quality with remarkable exactness when crossing with other stock.RECORD OF A HOLSTEIN COWDairy Animal Will Make About TenTimes Better Use of Her Food Thana Good Steer.(By PROF. A. L. HAECKER, NebraskaAgricultural College.)To illustrate the economic work ofa good dairy cow in transforming forage and grain into human food, Iwish to call attention to the record ofa Holstein cow owned at the Nebraska station. This cow produced inone year 18,540 pounds of milk,which contained 13 per cent, ofsolids, which is equivalent to 2,503pounds of total solids, which is largely assimilative and in the most favorable condition for human food.A good steer at the proper age andunder the best methods of feeding willIncrease his weight about 750 poundsin a year. After deducting 55 or GOpej cent, of dressing, and 85 per cent,for water, we have remaining about250 pounds of nutriment, as against2,500 pounds for the cow. In otherwords ,a good cow makes about tentimes better use of her food than agood steer.This I have given merely to illustrate that where economy in the useof stock food is necessary the dairycow will prove to be a far better animal in turning profits.BABC0CK TESTER IS PRAISEDInvention Has Revolutionized Dairying Industry Bulletin Issuedby Wisconsion Station.A fitting recognition of Dr. StephenMoulton Babcock's services to thedairy world through the invention ofthe milk tester bearing his name isfound in a circular lately issued bythe Wisconsin experiment station. Itstitle is "The Coming of Age" of theBabcock Test, and it is written byDean Russell. In bulletin 24, issuedin 1890 by the same station, the Babcock test was given to the public. Theinvention has so completely revolu-3x" ? sr & '' '"I &&ralit:':; :V:.;: fSHBHlBabcock Testing Outfit.tionized dairying, putting it on asound business basis, that upon itstwenty-first birthday official recognition of the inventor's work is given bythe same institution that fostered theinvention. The circular contains acomplete account of the invention ofthe tester and should be read with interest wherever cows are known.IKSiAre You Nervous?What makes you nervous? It is the weakness of yourwomanly constitution, which cannot stand the strain of thehard work you do. As a result, you break down, and ruinyour entire nervous system. Don't keep this up! TakeCardui, the woman's tonic. Cardui is made from purelyvegetable ingredients. It acts gently on the womanly organs,and helps them to do their proper work. It relieves painand restores health, in a natural manner, by going to thesource of the trouble and building up the bodily strength.CARDU I WomansTonicMrs. Grace Fortner, of Man, W. Va., took Cardui.This is what she says about it: "I was so weak andnervous, I could 'not bear to have anyone near me. I hadfainting spells, and I lost flesh every day. The first doseof Cardui helped me. Now, I am entirely cured of thefainting spells, and I cannot say enough for Cardui, for Iknow it saved my life." It is the best tonic for women.Do you suffer from any of the pains peculiar to women?Take Cardui. It will help you. Ask your druggist.Write to: Ladies Advisory Dept, Chattanooga Medicine Co., Chattanooga, Tenn.,for Special Instructions, end 64-page book, "Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 50L. & N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.Trains .rrrveNTo.34297104037312332625)138385393083231No.34429401013737331336262538939328303113BWC-TCT3TFROMAtlanta, Ga., Daily ."T.. ".".'. 5 21 amLexington, Ky., Daily 4.34amCynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.35 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 amCincinnati, O., Dsily 9. 50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .- 10.20 amLexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 vmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily , 3.34 pmKnoxville. "enn.. Daily 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily. 5.25 pmCincinnati, O , Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pmLexington, Ky., Daily ,g,03 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.03 amJacksonville. Fla., Daily 6 05 pmCincinnati, O., Daily...'. 10:50 pmTrains ID e -partTOCincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 amCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 an:Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 amLexington, ivy., jjany y.57 amKnoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 amJacksonville, Fla., Daily " . . . .'io.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily io.27 amMaysville, K., Daily 12.05 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .12.04 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.34 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 3.4q pmRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .......!. .o!o2 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.57 pmCincinnati, O., Daily ; e.io pmMaysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 6.15 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.25 pmLexington, K., Daily 10.55 pmAtlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57 pMJLUSIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3, 1911.Trains .A.rrrv-'eNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 3.40 pm5 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 rm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only A0. 00 pmTrains JDepartNo. TO161 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only 6.20 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday 9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky DailyExcept Sunday 5.52 amHiJ-illlQuick'etachableClincherJust as superior to other tiresas ERckelin Red Inner Tubes are toother tubesIff Easiest to YVifefI fd on any Wii0Q.D. Clincher WmW0. V Irvjxr A JSOsy- vIN' STOCK BYYerkes &. PrichardCor. Pleasant and HighmmmmmJob Printing)WORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Bone Good !VTRE J9B ReOfflS OFTHENewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOG ,POSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.Cbe Bourbon news,1 04 Sssues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.74liULUUiiUlUiUSr-s-iK 'fc ' - .kv:J v ;VTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 13 ?912.rHpPlf&A,i'&q&.tilalCurtis Henry & Co.,Groceries, Dry goods, Fresh and CuredMeats, Vegetables, Fruits, Etc.iIf it comes from Henry's it's all right,because they handle the best and freshestthe markets afford. Their store is clean, freefrom flies, and evrything is handled in a sanitary way. When you deal with them youget polite attention and prompt delivery, noextra charge for either.Call either 'phone 442, and they will beglad to serve you.CURTIS HENRY CO.Cor. 1 4th and MainJfciDTWINDepartment StoreBROS.Cor. 7th and MainMk5SiSpecial PricesOn Extra Wide Swiss Flouncing at 25c and p50c per yard.Children's Wash Dresses, 50c, 75c, $1 .Ladies' one-piece Serge Dresses, $4.S8.(All Colors)Ladies' and Misses' Fine Tailored Suits, $9.95.White Nuback Shoes, $3.Special Values on Millinery, Skirts and Waists.mTWIN BROParis, Kentuckyw& w&bi; n fls?fWwllMB KgjiHnThe LatestThing mf StovesEV. miMnmlnf- sunner. a3 for any other meal at anyother time, the very latest thing in stoves thejbest.rthat stove-artists can do is aTieVcrcetiQKvIt Bums OilNo AshesIt Concentrates Heattfo WasteIt is Handy1 41VJIt'is ReadyNoDtUy,na m .A rnraTryraOil Cook-stoveIt concentrates the heat when you want itand where you want it. It w as quick as gas.steadier and handier than coal, cheaper thanLTheNw Perfection Stove hatlong. enameled.turquoe-blue chimneyi. It xs haniomely finabed;7V. wtii cabinet top. drop shelves, towelracb,etc Made with 1. 2 of 3 burners.Ciihgt.Kyw..Wfffeea!li,S8JSEcW loaWoae eadi 5 to cover Bfeeg .STANDARD OIL COMPANY(UcorpOTato4 ia KMrtockx)KAlbat.Ga4AIm J JaiiawHU, FkFIGHTING PESTS IN GARDENSLarger Squash Bugs Found Harder toControl Than Other InsectsTreatment Differs.All of us are bothered more or less,with Injurious insect pests in the garden, and with dealing with them thefirst thing to be determined is whether they are chewing or sucking insects, whether they eat the leaf orextract its sap. There must be entirely different treatment employed inthe two cases.The chewing insects are comparatively easy to get rid of, unless theyare working on the foliage, which willbe injured by the application of apoison strong enough to kill the insects. The sucking insects insert their billsthrough the skin of the leaf or stemthat they are feeding on, so as to extract the juice, therefore no matterhow much poison is applied to the surface, the insects get none of it.For the striped beetle, which is destructive to squash, cucumber andmelon vines, a slight application oflime, tobacco dust, plaster, or ashes,will be found a good preventive, andwill also drive away those which mayhave already appeared. Sometimes,however, the ashes will burn the foliage if. rain falls soon after they areapplied, so on the whole, lime, andplaster, or tobacco dust are better forthe purpose, says a writer in the FarmProgress. Some keep a healthy bunchof onions growing in each hill, bruisingthe leaves occasionally, so as to hidethe smell of the vines from the beetles. The larger squash bugs have beenthe most troublesome and the hardest to deal with in our garden. Theyare sap suckers, and there is nothingMMaMBHaMKaaaaBMHSMHMMaMMBMsaMMaHnnoaaMrattBlamed a Good Worker."I blamed my heart for severe distress in my lefc side for two years,"writes W. Evans. Danville, Va., "butnow I know it was wdigeston as Dr.King's New Life Pills completely cured me." Best for stomach, liver ar.3kidney troubles, costioation, headacheor debility. 25c. at Oberdorfer's.The Writer Who Does Most.That writer does the most whogives his reader the most knowledgeand takes from him the least time.-C. C. Colton. . $i(x$r"I was cured of diarrhoea by onedo,se of Chamberlain's Colic, Choleraand Diarrhoea Remedy." writes M. E.Gebhardt, Orioie, Pa. For sale by alldealers.KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."Hourly High Speed ThroughService.Paris Lexington FrankfortDivision.How Much Have YouSaved In the Last . :,-'. Ten Years?rAt 3 Per Cent.W- fiV In Ten Years af J-Deposit With '."!?This Bank of$1,00 a month amounts to $138.72$5.00 a month amounts to $693.72Start NowOpen an Account with Us TodayA Squash Bug.we have found that will killwhich would not at the same time beinjurious to the plants, so hand picking seems the only remedy. It makesquite a difference in the amount ofwork done whether .hand picking iscommenced early in the season or notuntil the new crop of bugs appear.Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort eery hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m..and at 10 d. m., the last car going onlyas far as VersaillesCars leave Lexington for Versailles.Frankfort and Paris, every hour from6 a. m. until 7 p. m, and at 9 andll d.rn., the last car going only as far asVersailles.Cars leave Versailles Jfor Lexingtonand Paris every 15 minutes after thehour from 6 :15 a. m. until 8 :15 p. m.and at 11 :15 p. m.. last car going onlyas far as Lexngton.Cars leave Versailles for Frankforteverv 45 minutes after the hour from6:45 a. ro. until 7:45 p. m., and at 9:45p. m.Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington and Paris every thirty minutes after the hour from 6:30 a. m.until 7:30 p. m., and 10:30 p . in., thelast car going only as far as .Lexington. GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTON-NICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexington and Nicholasville 'every .forty-fiveminutes after the honr from 5:45 a. m.until 6:45 p. m., and at 8:05 and 10:05p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville everv thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 p. m.,and at 9 and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville tor Lexington every fifteen minutes'af ter the hourfrom 6:15 a. m. until 8:15 p.m. and atthem ' 10 :15 p.Im.(Jars leave Lexington tor (Georgetown every hour on the hour from 6;a. m. until v p. m., and at u and 11 p.m.No 6 "a. m. cars on Sunday .17-tfu flgrkulttirl Bank of Paris.Capital$100,00.00Surplus$67,500.00Protection$267,500.00If I I"H Tl'35 SJ5K:D.WIS & FUNK, Props.I Bourbon LaundryINTelephone No. 4.wOffice Opp. Postoffice. V&aIWe Take Pleasure.in '-oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Lanndrtfamous foi fine "work and itdever goes heck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeourboi) Laundry,?as5 ffsraf jiwv.rfwa &uin hh wi 9 rlImported Potatoes.The secretary of agriculture warnsA.merican farmers against using imported potatoes for home production.Europe has several potato diseasesnot known to this country ,and thereis danger of introducing these diseases if the imported product is usedfor seed. The foreign-growns are allright for table use, but for cultivationthey carry no little risk.Il&'vkfesBees QidFhpmNoThe humus content of the soil is important in the orchard.To keep lawns in good condition,practice weekly mowing.Thousands of bushels of grain arespoiled every year by poor stacking.Alfalfa is ready to cut when thecrowns begin to send up new shoots.Train up the tomato plants, it willgive them size and they will bear better. Don't forget to take water to thefield for the horses during these hotdays.It is a well known fact that alfalfadoes not do well upon an impervioussubsoil.The growth and feeding value ofthe soy bean is quite like that of thecowpea."Too little phosphorus" is the causeof many of the low yields on cornbelt soils.There seems to be a good deal ofprejudice against millet because it exhausts the soil.The yellow condition of the alfalfaindicates that it has not received sufficient nitrogen.Sand and hairy vetch compare veryfavorably with alfalfa and elover hayas a feed for milch cows.It is estimated that ten years ofsingle cropping will wear out any butthe very richest of soil.Use the hoe in the garden a littleevery day. It will give good returnsfor all the time you put in that way.Baling corn fodder is a new idea,but if it works out well it will savea good deal of hard and disagreeablework.It is always a good plan to useplenty of seed in planting cucumbers,cantaloupes, melons, etc. The hillsmay be thinned out latey.Oats and peas should be cut for haywhen the oats are in the milk stageand the advance pea pods containreasonably good sized peas.j , SWT tr.liftI 1 You Want die Best-- 1 I1 Ip: . Not the Cheapest M 220" Koadster, $750 'jSI r g1 9FlandersDon't be alarmed if somebody tells you you can buy an automobilefor less money than the $750 Studebaker-Flanders "20." You can, butyou better not. The Flanders "20" corresponds point by point with thebest and highest priced cars sold. Cheaper cars at e,very vital point arebuilt on ideas long ago discarded for good cars. Don't take our word forit. Make comparisons and see." The Studebaker-Flanders " 2 0" is a marvel a high grade modern carat a low price. If you pay less you buy much less. And the cheaper cartoday will cost you-far more in the long run. The competing car isn'tsold which the Studebaker Corporation, the greatest automobile manufacturers in the vorld, couldn't reproduce for lees money; but we won'tbuild a cheap car, because the name "Studebaker" means the best foryour money.If you are content with a car that runs today and dies tomorrow,don't buy the $750 Flanders "20." It will wear for years. Rememberthis the Studebaker-Flanders "20" will outwear 2 to 1 any other carunder $1100 and give you double satisfaction, confidence and comfortinto the bargain.We can prove it Send far new catalogueThe Studebaker Corporation- , ' Detroit, Mich.Bourbon Garage & Supply Company.4.-&. 'rfrfft .f" f,- -,v 1,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 13, 1912r1cjGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED E1BALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAT137; NIGHT 299."the Bome of Correct footwear' gIDAN COHEN!JNFOTo the Great Values to be Had atDAN COHEN'SGreat Clearance Sale !As fast as our stocks are depleted, greater and bettervalues are rushed to the front, including all our highgrade and latest style footwear.ToMorrow SaturdayNew goods on sale at the same low prices that haveso astonished and delighted all Bourbon County.Come to our store for your footwear. Buy now 'whilewe have your size.All Summer Goods Must Go toMake Room For Fall Stocks.All Walk-Over Oxfords,Including All Latest Styles, at Cut Prices.This is not a Sale of a few shop-worn odds and ends.All goods are new and up-to-date.Mid Summer MarkDown Sale Pricein Ladies' ShoesLadies' two-strap Pumps and Oxfords inWhite Canvas, PatentGun Metal, our 2rade Mark-downPriceLadies' High-grade White Duck and TanPumps and Shoes, fr n o ( A AOne lot Ladies' Oxfords and Pumps,mostly small sizes,$1.50 to $3. CO value,Mark-down PriceOne lot Ladies' Oxfords and Pumps,all sizes, S1.50 to 3.00value, Mark-downPriceBoys9 andOxfordsOur best quality Boys'Patent, Gun MetalS3 value, Mark-down Price. ..Children's "White Canvas and Pique Butt n Shoes, our $1.50 grade 4? 5ksizes 5 to 11, Mark-down 4wy re&PriceMisses' and Children's Paiear an'-3 GunMetal Pumps and Ai ns J fftsgs&j?..$l.24 and mMisses' and Children's IM tBarefoot Sandals, all szes L JmMark-down Price umr frOne lot Boys' White Can- j fvas and Gun metal Shoes, B BMark-down Price 07&One lot Infants' and Children's Pumps, 75c to $1value, Mark-down Price . .Mark-downSale PriceAll Our Walk-Over Oxfords atCut PricesMen's $4 and S3.50Walk-Over OxfordsMark-down Price..$One lot Men's oddOxfords, $2.50 toTalues, Mark-downMen's $3.00 and $3.50Gun Metal andPatent, Markdown Price...Men's $2 and $2.50quality Oxfords,Mark-down Price . .DAN COHEN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky.EJrLCLent ana$124and,SalenGirls'wbs mm75eDoys' uxiorcis in xan,$2.29Oxfords in Tan,39csizes$3.50Price.99ca 17Sd.ou uxiorus m xan,S2.39Oxfords in Tan,S1.69IMILLERSBURG ITEMS.At a meeting of the City CouncilWednesdavinight'a few bills were allowed and Mr. W. V. Shaw presenteda petition to the council asking thatthe L. and N. be alloweditojbuildjshipping pens on a lot on Third and Railroad streets, now owned bv Judy &B"oth. He said it this commissionwas granted the company had agreedto purchase this lot at a good price.He then read a letter from Mr. Anderson in behalf of the company, inwhich he said the lot would be macadamized, kept in a sanitary conditionand any kind of fence built around itthat the council might direct.Mr. W. D. Mclntyre.'one of our mostprominent shippers.Uhen made a brieftalk. He said that there was no placealong the line between Miaysville andParis, Covington and Winchesterwhere shipping facilities were as pooras at Millersburg. HeJhadJ frequentlycalled attention of the officials to this,but not until recently was a suitablelocation found, and the company isready to make the deal.After a brief discussion on the partof the council, the permit was grantedunanimously.Mr. W. M. Layson, in behalf of thecemptery company called attention otthe couricil to the'building of a sidewalk from the cemetery gate to thecemetery proper, and asked the council to give" them some assistance, reminding them of the fact that thiswas for nuhlic improvement which wasfor the benefit of every "citizen inMillersburg and surrounding community. He also called attention to thefact that the sidewalk was in the limits of the town and not on the cemetery property. The matter was carried over until the next meeting.Councilman Miller, member of theLight Committee, called attention ofthe council to the necessity of adaycurrent, and asked that an investigation be made as tothe cost ot runningthe thiid wire. This was granted theLight Committee being required tomake the investigation. The councilthen adjourned.Mrs. Bessie Johnson and familymoved to Carlisle Wednesday.Mrs. Ida Deha. of Paris, is visitingher aitser, Mis. Mary J. Whaley.Mrs. C. W. Howard is the guest ofher sister, Miss Sallie Mclntvre.Mr. Thomas Gilmore, of Lexington,is the guest of his.parentsnear town.Mrs. M. E. Houston, of Cincinnati,is the guest 3f Mrs. U. S. G. Pepper.Mrs. Emma Johnson, uf Carlisle, isthe guest ot Mrs. Mattie Purnell anddaughter.Mr. Robert Hunter, of Washington,Ky., was the guest of relatives herelast week.Mrs. Mary Stevens, of Lexington,is the guest of Mr. Andrew Butler andfamilv.Miss Effie Ballengei, of Lexington,is the guest of her grandmother, Mrs.Merrimee.Mr. J. P. Auxier and family have'moved to their home recently com-jpleted in Juclyville. jMrs. Gertrude Morris, of Sprincfidd, jIll..!was the guest of Mr. and Mrs. M. iP. Wells oveiSunday. jMiss Ruth Stirman is a guest at ahouse party given by Miss JeannettejUawscn, of Bloomficld. 'Mr. G. S. Allen has returned after afew days' visit to his brother, Mr. J.K. Allen, at Winchester.Miss Lois Ardery. of Cynthiana, isthe guest of her brother and sister. MrSam Ardery and Mis. Maiy Evans.Z. Misses Mattie, Sallie and CarolineMclntyrephave returned after a severalweeks' sojourn at Lake Chautauqua,N. Y.Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Ingels anddaughter, Miss Elizabeth, left Saturday for a ten days' visit at SwangoSorings.Miss Jessie Kerr, of Mrs. J. T. Judyand'children left Thursday for a ,tendays' visit to her mother, Mis. Payne,in Cjnthiana.Miss Ida Dodson, who has been inpoor health for ome time, was takento the Cynthiana Hospital, Thursday,for treatent.55 Mrs. Gorman and sister, Miss AlmaHurst, of Lexington, were guests ottheir aunt, Mrs, Minnie Hurst, a fewdays last week.Col. C. M. Best returned home Friday after a tour of Eastern Kentuckyin behalf of M.J"M. I. He repcrts theoutlook favorable.Miss Elizabeth Dodson, after spending a week at the bedside of her aunt,Miss Ida Dodson, has returned to herhome in Mt. Olivet.Mrs. Pitman and daughter, of Richmond, were guests at M. F. C. Thursday. Miss Pitman will probably enterthe college in the fall.Mrs. Nora Fields and family movedThursday to the property of gr. C. T.Darnell, on Vimont street, from ther oms in the home of Miss Ida Dodson.Mrs. Battsille Railey, of Atlanta,Ga., Miss Jpan Stroube, of Greenca;l , Ind., and Miss Emma Blackerdv, ot Taylorsviile, Ky.. are gues.s ofMrs. U. S. b. Pepper.Mesdames "Mattie Purnell, M. R.Collier and O. H. Collier were amongthe number from here who atended theBracken Association of the BaptistChurch at Carlisle last week.Miss Elizabeth Miller, who has beenin poor health for some weeks, leftlast week for Cincinnati, accompaniedby her mother, Mrs. Elizabeth Miller,where she will be under the care of asoecialist.Miss Eugenia Wadell entertained theyounger set Wednesdav with a littlesocial and Mrs. W. R. Barnes, Thursday with a dinner in honor of MissVirginia Watts, of Covington, andMiss Mary Crates, of Nicholasvlle.Mrs. C. T. Darnell was called toDover Thursday by telegram announcing the death ofher brother, M. William H. Robertson. She was accompanied by her daughter. Mrs. F. M.Vjmont.'A , i -''.Dr.'mnd 'Mra. C.C. Fisher, h6a anddaughter, G. P. Fisher and Mi'es Elizabeth Fisher, have returnedafter a fewdays' visit to Shelbyville and Bloomfield. Dr. Fisher did good work in behalf of the M. F. C. during .lis absence. Thomas McClintock attended courtin Owingsville yesterdav.Mrs. Fred Bassett, of Mt. Sterilng,is the guets of her sister, Mrs. J. J.Peed.A number from Millersburg attendedthe Bluergass Fair at Lexington yesterday. Mrs. W. G. Dailey left Saturday fora visit to relatives in Irvine and Beattyville Mrs. Ada Miller is visiting herniece, Mrs. Katherine Williams, atIrvine.Mrs. W. A. Munzing. of Maysville,is the cuest of her mother, Mrs. Martha Vimont.Mr. J. H. Burroughs returned yesterday after a ten-days' stay at WestBaden, Inidana.Miss Ethel Johnson returned Fridayafter a week's visit to Miss Lida Litsey, at Bardstown.Mrs. W. M. Miller and little son willreturn today from a visit to Mrs.Harrv Renick, in Lexington.Mrs. A. S. Best and little daughter,Sarah, left Saturday for a visit to Dr.and Mrs. Alex Hunter, at Washington,Ky.Mrs. Clara Shanks and two grandsons and Mrs. Mararet Powell havegone to Cynthiana for a visit to relatives. Miss Louise Myall left Friday for avisit to Miss Hopkins, at Little Rockand irom thence for a short visit tofriends at Lexington.Mr. J. T. Adair shipped two coopsof premium chickens to the Lexingtonfair yesterday to be exhibited in thepoultry department.Mrs. Ephriam Woods.Mrs. Anna Engleman and granddajghter, May Embry, of Stanford, arrived Saturday tasthe guests of Mrs. S. M. Allen.Mrs. John Pickering and two littledaughtersAnna Mar and Laura, ofSandusky, O., Miss Osa Clare and little niece, Miss Susie Wills, werelguestsof Mrs. A. T. Moffett, Friday and Saturday. Rev. C. P. DuBois, of Tulsa, Okla.,who, with his familv, have been theguests of Mrs. Mary J. Whaley anddaughter for the past few weeks, leftSaturday for a few'days visit to relatives at Chattanooga, Tenn. Mrs.ISuBois andjittle son will remain tillhis return.Investigating School CensusHere.The school census of the city ofParis is under investigation bv inspectors from the Educational department at Frankfort. The report madeti the State Department shows a totalpopulation approximating 38 per cent,of the entire population of the city.This is consideied abnormal,' astwenty-two per cent is considered anaverage, according to Superintendentof Pubic Instruction Barksdale Hamlets.and thrity per cent, very -unusual.This high figure has caused the StateSuperintendent to send two inspectorshere, and Saturday Messrs. MarionPogue and T. W. Vinson visited Pariswith the obiect in view.While the inspectors were here theywere in consultation with Superintendent George W. Chapman and CountySupetitendent Miss Mabel Robbins.The report of the inspectors has notbeen made oublic and it is the oninionthe matter will be left in the hands ofthe local school authorities, a3 it issaid they have shown a disposition torectify the matter and they had no intention ot padding the census.President Clitton ArnsDarger oftheParis School Board said" yesterdayhe did not know the result of the investigation conductedby the inspectors on their visit to Paris, and aneffort will be made to reach Mrs.Newton Clark, the local truant officer,who compiled the census of the city,with a view of straightening the matter out at the earliest possible dateand to the satisfaction of the State Department. Mrs. Clark is at presentout of the city but the mattecr will betaken up immediaely upon her return.BIRTHS.Born, in Chicago, on WednesdayAugust 7, to the wife of Mr. RichardDavis an eight pound daughter. Mrs.Davis was Miss Nora Baldwin of thiscity.Child's Birthright.A child in any station of life shouldhave the unspeakable heritage of being able to look back in after life ona home of happiness and joy.Shocking Soundsin the earth are sometimes heard before a terrible earthquake, that wainof the coming peril. Nature's warningsare kind. That dull pain or ache inthe back warns you the Kidneys needattention. If you would escape thrsi'dangerous maladies, DroDsy, Diabetesor Bright s disease take Electric Bitters at once and see backache fly andall your best feelings return. "Myson received great benefit from theiruse for kidnev and bladder trouble,"writes Peter Bondy, South Rockwood,Mich., "It iscertainlv a great kidney, medicine." Try it. t50 cents atOberdrfer's.Tobacco Farmers, OpportunityVery productive and fertile Tobaccolands, free from stone, excellentwater, climatic and healty conditions ;with finest automobile roads in theSouth. Near city of fifteen thousandpeople. An extra inducement to encourage tobacco raising. We will sellthese lands in tracts of eighty acres'up, at from $12.00 to $20.00 per acre,'payable ten per cent cash and tenyears on balance if necessary, withix per ce nt interest on deferred payments. AddressNATCHES DISTRICT DEVELOPMENT LEAGUE, Natchez, Miss.(12jy-lm)DEATHS., , SQUIRES. -Mr. James Squirfs, aged 81years, one of the oldest citizens of theLitt!e,Rock neighborhood, died Fridayafternoon about 2 o'clcok, after an illness extending over several months,'from Daralysis.Mr. Squires was a retired farmerand for'anumber.of yeais was one ofthe most prominent slock buyers ofBourbon county, and formerly residedin ParisHe is survived by four sons, Mr.Dean Squires, of Carlisle; Mr. William Sauires, ot .Harrodsburg andMessrs. Isham and Charley Squires,who live with tneir father. The burialwilljjtake place Sunday afternoon at 2o'clock, in the Bryan grave yard atPinm.McCARNEY.Mrs. Margery Turney McCarnev, ofParis, who tor the past several monthshas been dangerously ill. died at theHarrison Hospital, in Cyntniana,Thursday night about 10 o'clock fromstomach trouble.Mrs. McCarney was taken sick aboutten months ago and was taken to theGood Samaritan; Hospital. Cincinnati,where she was under the care of iseveral specialists for three months, butno hopes were held for her recovery,and she was removed to the home ofher brother, Mr. William M. Turney.in Cynthiana. She gradually grewweaker and two months ago was removed to the Harrison Hospital, atwhich institution she died.Mrs. McCarney was born near Millersburg, and was the daughtei ofJohn and Sarah Turney, her fatherdving when she was a child. Early inlife she united with the Presbyterianchurch at Millersburg and later transferred her membership to. the Parischurch. She was a devoted member ofthe churchhere and took part inall ofthe work of the church societies. Being of a kind and sympathetic natureshe never tired of ministering to thewants.'of those in distress, which wonfor her innumerable friends.Mr. McCarney his the sympathy ofthe entire community in his bereavement. He has been at her bedside almost constantly during her long illnessand has devoted himself unceasingly toministering to her comfort during theloug months of suffering.Besides her husband, she is survivedby her.mother.aMrs. Sarah J. Turney,of Cynthiana, and two brother Messrs.McKee Turney, ot Cynthiana, and A.P. Turney, of Pine Bluff, Ark. Mr3.McCarney was related to a large number of the prominent families of Bourbon and Harrison counties, includingtne Turneys, Mclntyres, McClintocksand McKees.Following her death the body was removed to the home ot her brother jmCynthiana Thursdav evening and Friday afternoon the remains werebrought to Paris and taken to her oldhome, at the residence of Mr. and Mrs.Brice Steele, on Pleasant street.The funeral services were held Friday afternoon at 4 o'clock in the Presbyterian Church, conducted by Rev.Dr. B. M. Shive, of Paris, and Rev.Dr. Carey F. Moore, of Cynthiana.The burial took place in the McCanieylot in the Paris cemetery.Following are those who acted asDall-bearers:Activc-O. L. Mitchell, William McKee. Wm. G. McClintock, Clell E. Tur-j ney, Bruce Miller.and E. C. Arnold.Honorary Brica Steele, Samueli Hedges. Charlton Alexander, T. Hartj Talbott. Robert II. Winn and V. H.Peikins.G. T. Hart, a nephew of Joel T.Hart, the famous sculptor, and a prom-I inent farmer ot Clark county, diedj Friday morning alter a week's illnessj of pneumonia. He was eighty-six yearsor age.Striving to Be Correct."Why did you emit that feeble yawpwhen our candidate's name was mentioned?" asked the master of cememonies. "Why," replied the conscientious man, "I am one of these delegates with half a vote. I thought maybe I was entitled to only half a cheer."Different Uses."What does this mean, Sam?" saidJudge Crown to the prisoner, producing two razois, one a safety, the other a straight back. "Lordy, Judge,don't you all know? Dat safety amfur shavin', suh, but de udder am fursocial p'poses entirely, suh." Judge.In the District Court of theUnited States for the Eastern District of Kentucky,at Covington.Central Home '.telephone and Telegraph Company -Complainantvs. Notice to Creditors.Bourbon County Home TeleDhoneCo., ... Defendants.Notice is hereby given that on the30th dav of Jnlv, 1912. the DistrictCourt of the United States, lor theEastern District of Kentucky, enteredan pui.r Lrrvidirg, in substance, thataaid cu3e be ltfeired i the ur.dtrBigned a S ipc;al Master, for the purpose of hearinii and determining theclaims of creditors of the defendant.BourbonCounty Home TeleDhone Company: and further providing that allcreditors or persons claiming any interests whatsoever in the Dronerty ofthe defendant, Bourbon County HomeTeleDhone Company, shall file theirclaims with the undersigned, as Special Master, duly verified, in such formas said special Master shall requirewithin sitxy'days from and after saidJuly 30th,1912; and that upon the failure of.'any creditor to file and prove hisclaim within said time he shall bebarred from participation in anv incomfl arising from the property of saidTelephone Company.All creditors of the Bourbon CountyHome Telephone ComDany and all persons claiming any interest whatsoever in the property of said company will fplease take notice of saidorder and file their claims with the undersigned aa Snppial Maatar rtnl ......ifiedwithin the'time so duly fixed. "J. W.-MENZlES,Special Master.TflHGJTHEIR PREY1Chinese Highbinders Threaten aSlave Girl for Telling ofeSweetheart's Murder. fSHE SAW HIM KILLEDMissionaries Will Endeavor to Protect the Woman, Aided by OregonAuthorities, but Fear She Will Diea Violent Death.San Francisco, Cal. Missionarieswho are working among the Chine'sein Portland. Ore., and the local ai-thnritifis are facing a problem theVPSINGMMare finding hard to solve. It is tyjUprotection of Oi Sen, a Chinese slavejgirl, when slie shall have been released from custody after testifyingagainst two members of the powerfulHop Sing Tong. They are facingdeath for killing a young Chinamanof modern ideas who tried to rescuethe girl from" slavery.Members of their band have threatened the girl's life and declare thatsome day and somewhere no matterwhat the authorities may do a highbinder will reach Oi Sen and she willbe slain. The Hop Sings havebranches wherever there are Chinese settlements, and it is known theywill protect members and take vengeance on anyone who transgressestheir code.Oi Sen was a slave of Wong SiSam, whom she describes as a highbinder and a hatchet man. On thewitness stand she asserted that fre-quently members of the Hop SingTong gathered in his room and talkedover assaults and murders. Seid WahBing was her friend and sweeaheart.He aimed to get her away from herlife of slavery. Members of the HopSing Tong learned of his attentionsand finally decided he must die. Shewarned Seid, but he laughed and saidhe was not afraid.On the night of the murder Wongand Loo Soon attacked him with arazor, a hatchet, a knife and a clubWong and Loo Soon Attacked Him.and after cutting him to pieces placedthe dismembered body in Oi Sen'strunk and compelled her to check theremains to Seattle, Wash., after beingan eye witness to the crime.For several days Oi Sen remainedin hiding with Wong Si Sam. Whenthe trunk was found with her nameupon it she was ordered to Canada.At Billings, Mont., she was orderedplaced under arrest and taken backto Portland. At first she refused tomake a statement. Then she triedto commit suicide, stating she hadbeen warned that if she testified incourt she would be tortured and slain.Later she wa3 told that the crimewould be fixed upon her if she didnot tell all she knew.The authorities believe that OiSen's testimony will send the Soonbrothers to their death. It is probable the authorities will use her toidentify other highbinders in Portland. Speck of Dust in Court.Los Angleles, Cal. Though it costOwen S. Gorham fees for hisattorney and the cost of filing a suit,he acquired one-vigitillionth of an inchof property purchased by M. V. Thuesclell in 1S94. At a tax sale Gorhamquitted title to it in Judge Houser'scourt.In 1894, prior to Gorham's owner-iship, certain property in Gardena waajsold for delinquent taxes. The lawjprovided that a purchaser could take-as much of the property as would recompense him for paying the tai,Truesdell paid $13 and was given thone-vigitillionth of an intfi across the!front of the property. This amount ofiland is sufficient to mit a cloud onthe title. " iSame Fate as Brother. j. Philadelphia, Pa. Walton is deadas a result of a fall when a portiodof the wall of the new barn of thdTrenton. and Mercer County Traction!company gave way. Walton was at!work on top of the wall, fell 50 'feetand was, hurled, under the fallinsrr bricks.' Hisbrother; Charlr"Walton,met death in a similar way ten yearsago.1J5L rmJPLi ; JL fasasatr3B"i.ir '.hnjcsqa"V IV ' JV ?