- - W, - -w'XTHE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR'JfVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, ERIDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1912v r --4ifrKiwni"ILadies and GentlemenYour Fall ShoesAre Here.They are new, seasonable and reasonable. The assortment is made upof the best styles of the world's bestShoe makers. The scope is so broadand the size ranges so complete youwill find your size in any make youdesire.We have also a full line of Misses',Children's and Boys' School Shoes inGun Metal, Patents and Tans.IGEO. McWILLIAMS,ft YXALPhones 301The Shoe ManImmI Fill Your PantryAnd You Will Have No Fear of $X the Rainy Day Ww W4 16-lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.00 WM 25-lbs. Granulated Sugar 1.50 fin Pure HogXard, per lb .--Aijw&'ls25 Pure Eo LardrelbVcan .1??fo Dry Salt Bacon, per lb 1....... .14 jv5K Nice lean Bacon, per lb .? 18 tf;w Cu-To-No Breakfast Baccn, sliced 25 WCu-To-No Hams, Sliced 25 f4) 2 Cans Good Corn 15 Ujrh 3 Cans Baby Bunton Corn 25 tyii Royal Seal Oats, in cans t 10 t'Old Reliable Coffee, per lb '. 30 J(1 Good Bulk Coffee, per lb. .'. 25 flW Preserving Pears, per bu 1.00 w4S Wfl BLU5z R53BON FLOUR1 25-lbSack SOc4ft 50-IbSack $1.60'ft 10Q-IbSacE $3.20I TcTleinihain, I5 Cash Grocery. $f& Both Phones 234 wteNew Directors Elected.As a result of a meeting ot thestockholders of the Bourbon CountyAgricutlural Society held at the courthouse Saturday afternoon, ten members of the directorate which servedlast year were dropped and their successors named, while the remainingnumber composing the Board of Directors werejre-elected foifthe ensuingyear. The deposed directors are J. T.Hinton, J. M. Brennan, N. F. Brent,K. B. Hutchcraft. F. P. Lowry, R.P. HoDkins. V.. W. Ferguson, J. D.McClintock, John T. Collins and J. W.Davis.The meeting was presided over bvHon. C. M. Thomas who was chosen atemporary chairman, while C. Arnpsarger acted as secretary. When themeeting was called to order the outgoing board voted to reconsider its actionregarding the case of Allie Jones, ofNorth Middletown, one of the mestprominent exhibitors in Central Kentucky, who was barred from furtherparticipation at the fairs of the Society. Lie mernbeis of the board who werere-elected were C. Arnsparger, A. P.Adair, J. F. liarbee, H. S. Caywood,J. M. Hall, Robert Meteer, W. G. Talbott, C. M. Thomas, J. Miller Wardand A. S. Thompson, while the newmembers chosen were Duncan Bell, F.P. Campbell, S. G. Clay, T. H. Clay,Jr., Allie Jones, W. C. Massie, GeorgeRassenfoss, George W. Stuart. GeorgeD. Speakes and J. U. Boardmtfn.The new board of directors will holda meeting at some time in the near future to consider the election of officersto serve next year. Mr. J. M. Hall,who has been at the head of the society since its rejuvenation seven yearsago, will probably again be electedpresident, while Mr. W. G. Talbott islikely to be elected to succeed himselfas vice president. Mr. Chas. Weber,who for several years . has acted assecretary, is not an applicant for theposition. The office of treasurer willprobably be filled by Mr. C. Arnsparger, the present incumbent.According to Mr. Jones.'' the oldBoard reconsidered its former actionwithout a protest from him. He further'states that the newspaper reportsconcerning his action on the last day ofthe fair, were incorrect and that heused no unbecoming language in thering toward the judges or the committee. Mr. Jones said yesterday that hehas not decided whether he will accepta position on the Board, but will reacha decision before the next meeting ofthe body.At the next meeting of the society'sdirectors, matters looking toward theholding of the fair next year will bediscussed from every angle, and it isprobable that early action will be tak-xijin-Sficurjnjg-Jine of high classat-tractions ior tne iair next year, inematter of changing the dates will comeup at this meeting also.Several of those who are interestedin the welfare of the society have'discussed the possibility of having theKrause shows which exhibited herelast week under the auspices of theMaccabees to return for thp fair nextyear. The management of the carnival company will keep in touch withthe local people in regard to it, andexpressed a desire to return to thisnitv nf u lntov HnfoDemocrats Register to-day.Polls oper 6 a. m. to 9 p. m.Baby Caps.A very choice line of Hand Embroidered, Knitted, Silk and Fur Caps.Special Display October 4th.MISS JESSIE BROWN.r"WE KNOW HOW"s -.WIt Is Not Too MarlyTo Buy a FallHat Now! "': - v,Your old straw is beginning to look rusty andour stock of Stetson and Dunlap Hats is readyfor your inspection. We are showing all thenew shades in the Stetson Velours, the roughnappy finish in greens, heathers, browns andgrays.0SIyFall Shoes in the StetsonShoe, Korreet Shape -and Dr. Reed'sShoes are here in the swell English last, lowheels, flat sole, in Gun Metal and Tans. Comein and try a pair onuiMitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to Mienivr " . C0r..' JWftWR&sSL-t-rjeuZsSParis, Kentuckyfc.i g. ilgSiW 1 ug-5y'('itmmiiiiiiiinwiiniinQH iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiinuiiiiiiiiiHiirniiiiiuMiHiiimiiiiiimiiiiiimiw S(1rFRANK & COSThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.g?$$ HPm J-N vv jfeUpm.SK2ftmmi!2SFall Hate!In all the latest colors andshapes, included are -Imported Veloor5i?ws'amiyBoys' School Suits, Caps ancSOdd Pants.vixmmmmymPK16E & 60. Giotnier.and Furnishersmmmmimw&krrCnmmimimmmmmmmmimmmmmmmwM;wmtmwmmmmmmwmmmDemocrats register earlyto-day. Polls open 6 a. m. to9 d. m.Large Sale of Blue Grass Seed.One of the largest sales of bluegrass seed made in this section thisseason was consummated last weekwhen Hamilton Bros., of Montgomerycounty, sold to the Kentucky BlueGrass Seed Co., of Mt. Sterling, 20,000 bushels of stripped seed. The salewas made for the delivery of the seedat MJ. -Sterling and the sum of 813,600was involved in the transaction theseed being sold at the rate of 68 centsper bushel.Col. Clay Abandons Farming.Col. E. F. Clay, former presidentof the Kentucky Racing Associationand prpprietor of Runnymeade Stud,on account of ill health, has decided todiscontinue the active management ofhis magnificent farm on the Cynthianapike, and m a short time will leavewith his" family to spend the winter athis summer home, which is located atEustis, Fla.Col. Clay is one of the most prominent farmers in Central Kentucky andlor years has been engaged in the extensive breeding of thoroughbreds, until recently, when he disposed of allhis thoroughbred holdings and retiredfrom the turf. He, in connection withMr. Catesby Woodford, owned some ofthe highest class horses in this country, among the number being StarShoot, Sir Dixon, and the famous imported stallion, Carlton Grange, andtheir breeding establishment rankedsecond to none in Kentucky.Several months ago Col. Clay suffered a slight attack of pneumonia, fromthe effects oE which he has never recovered, and while his condition atpresent is very favorable, it is notthought advisable for him to remain inthis climate until extremely coldweather becins, and following his usual custom he will go to Florida, however, a little earlier this fall.Col. Clay has leased his farm toMessrs N. H. Tavlor and John Woodford, reserving the residence and apart of the farm lor' his personal use. .InimitableAutumnConceits"ITOU have never seen such an extraordinary and charming gathering ofAutumn suits, dresses and coats as weare now displaying.The styles, with the many distinctive novelties they em' body, will measure up to your most critical desires. Parismodes are brought to your door.rcrKANK & CO.,Paris,Kentucky!fv .r.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCTOBER 1, 1912PUBLICOFStock, Crop, FarmingImplements, Etc.Having rented my farm I will, atjteno'clockja .m., on viJF5itZZZWEDNESDAY706T: 3b7l912offer at public sale on the premises,on the Cynthiana pike, about three andone-half miles from Paris, the following stock, croD and implements:About 200 young breeding ewes,bred October 1 ; 1. -,-, a-2 milch cows ; "- 3 spayed yearling heifersj;and twosteer calves;1 nice chestnut filly, 3 years old, byPorest Uenmark 153 :1 nice bay filly, 3 years old, by German coach stallion ;1 bay rolt, 2 years old, by My Star;1 bav fillv 3 years old, by Sir Dixon;1 thoroughbred driving mare ; tfg:About 60 acres of corn in shocks.If purchaser desires, will furnish-without charge about 70 acres of grassto feed on until March 1. 1913 ;1 manure spreader 1 seed drill ;1 2 horse power with circular sawand Dumping attachment ; f js?1 McCormick binder: 1 cultivator; 1mower ;;l dump cart; 1 hay baler; l'Jcuttingbox; L1 potato digger; 1 potato planter.TERMS All amounts of $20 or less,cash : above this amount, 6 monthscredit, with negotiable note, bearing6 per cent interest tier annum." E. F. CLAY.Geo. D. Speakes Auctioneer.27 4 11 18 22 25 29.4'Roxie" Davis !IH Insurance Hgenti-ife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137er FMUUIS!8flL $1,000 to $100,000W. KING & SON,125 Chcapsidc, Lexington, Ky.FOR SALE.Oliver typewriter; used very littleand good as new. Will offer this machine a a bargain if taken at once.Call over either phone No. 64.NOTICE!There -wall be a meeting of thestockholders of the Bourbon County-Agricultural Society held in thecourt house at Paris, Ky., Saturday,September 2S, 1912, at 10 o'clock.This meeting is for the election ofofficers for the ensuing year. Allmembers are requested to be present.2!-2fc J. M. HALL, Pres..Roman Heating System.""Like many other Roman houses that3iave been unearthed in England, one:recentlc brought to light was heated33y a system called "hypocaust." Theentire basement was one big furnace,jfrom which flues ascended, built into;ihe walls. A wood fire was kept inhe basement, the fuel being fed in:from an outside annex, through anarch. In the wall. The house recentlydug out is in a state of excellentpreservation.f Women's Valuable Thoughts." Among the first American patentstaken' out by women were those fora, tountain pen. a oaoy jumper, anu tjfcbe first cook stove. Mrs. Ada VanbPelt of late years invented a perinutation lock with three thousand-combinations. A woman invented a" process of making horseshoes whichaved the country $25,000,000 in fourteen years. Another woman was offered 20,000 for her paper bag pro-cess-Rent Paid in Roses.' A bouquet of red roses was handedifco the warden of St. Olave's grammar school, Tooley street, London,England, at the prize distribution, theother day, as the rent of a piece ofland leased to trustees in 1656 for the"benefit of the poor of the parish. Thelease was for "a term of 500 yearsjit the yearly rent of a red rose payAble at midsummer if lawfully demanded." - High Price for a Rembrandt.A work of Rembrandt "WomanPlucking a fowl" recently sold inParis for $95,000, appears to hold theirecord price for that artist's work.Tho same picture was sold inAmsterdam in 1734 (it was probablypainted about 1G40) for $70. In 1845a London it brought about $1,625, andin. 1S84- was sold in Paris, to the family which has now resold it, for about:$2.S08. The previous record price forsi Rembrandt was 'that paid for the"Girl Holding a Medal," in the Hoecollection, sold here last year for $70,-ucSuitTO ORDERiterH mm?g UNION5-MadeWe Also DoDYECLEANING.PRESSING,REPAIRING.Best WorkGuaranteed.BIBiiiS!lSiSEiaSil;SiSHIMmiiIB!siniiBIBiiIHiiIBinIBSiiIBSiSIBThomas Bros, illGlorieus News.comes from Dr. J. T. Curtiss, Dwight,Kas. He writes: "I not only havecured bad cases of eczema in ray patients with Electric Bitters, but alsocured myself by them of the same disease. I feel Eure they will benefit anycase of eczema." This shows whatthousands have proved, that ElectricBitters is a most effective blood purifier. Its an excellent remedy for eczema, tetter, salt rheum, ulcers, boilsand running sores. It stimulates kidneys liver and bowels, expels poisons,helps digestion, builds up the strength.Price 50 cents. Satisfaction guaranteed by Oberdorfer.Goat Proved Poor Sailor.While a man temporarily abandonedhis skiff along the banks of the Chester river in Pensylvania the other daya 'goat jumped into th'e craft. Theanimal chewed the shore line. Theskiff swung around in the current andwas some distance away when theowner returned. The goat ran fromstern to prow and back again untilone of its hoofs punctured the craft.The skiff quickly filled with water andsank, taking the goat with it. Thegoat was drowned.Repels Altackof Death."Five years ago two doctors told meI had only two years to live." Thisstartling etatement was made by Stillman Green, Malachite, Col. "Theytold me I would die of consumption.It was up to me then to try the bestlung medicine and I began to use Dr.King's New Discovery. It was well Idid, for today I am working and believe I owe my life to this great throatand lunc cure that has cheated thegrave of another victim." It is follyto sueffer with coughs, colds or otherthroat and lung troubles now. Takethe cure that's safest. Price 50 cent3and SI. Trial bottle free at Oberdorfer's. Footstool Church.Mr. Raymond Unwin told a story relating to the building of St. John'schurch, South Square, Westminster.The architect, he said, was reputed tohave worried Queen Anne about thedesign. Her majesty at length losing patience kicked her footstool over and remarked in anger: "Build it like that!"The architect fulfilled the royal wishesand the church was built as it stoodtoday with corners protruding upward like the four legs of a stool.Reynolds's Newspaper.To Mothers and Others.You can use Bucklens' Arnica Salveto cure children of eczema, rashes, tetter, chafings, scaly and crusted humors, as well as their accidental injuriescuts, burns, bruises, etc., with perfect safety. Nothing else heals soquickly. For boils, ulcers, old runningor fever sores or piles it has no equal.25 cents at Oberdorfer's.If you knew of ithe freal value ofChamberlain's Liniment for lame backsoreness of the muscles, sprains andrheumatic pains, you would never wishto be without it. For sale'oy ail dealers. And Yet Occasionally?"Life is not a solemn thing. Pathetic, yes; tragic, often; squalid, splendid, crazy, jolly, lit with dreams andlaughter, an immense joke, and ablack grief but solemn, never.""Views and Vagabonds," by R. Macaulay. Running up and.down stairs, sweeping and bending over making beds willnot make avoraan healthy or beautiful. She must get tut of doors, walka mile or two every day and takeChamberlain's Tablets toimprove herdigestion and regulate e her bGwels.For sale bv all dealers.Polishing Machine.In England there has been inventeda machine which is said to performwith mechanical precision the actionof n "horirl nnHchorW A'WA.tJMA , J.HI Pa B 'TmIHliaaiaiiimm;via!E2 JtTJTb .m j'tfow'THE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSIWTFT CHAMP,PublisherlEntered at Postofnce at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .$2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar mati er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right o publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.DEMOCRATIC TICKET.For President,HON. WOODROW WILSON,of New Jersey.For Vice-President,HON. THOS. R. MARSHALL,of Indiana.For Congress,HON. J. CAMPBELL CANTRILL,of Scott county.Food Prices in Mexico.The City of Mexico has a municipalmaiket, and. according to a correspondent of the New York Evening Post,the citizens of that city are not worried much about the cost of living.The correspondent quotes some pricesthat are decidedly interesting as compared with those prevailing today inthe cities of the United States. Thebest cuts of beef, he says, retails at 8and 9 cents a pound; bread sells at 2l-2cents a loaf ; flour may be had atfrom 75 cents to $1 for fifty poundsand corn meal from 1 to 2 cents apound. Another good feature of lifein Mexico City is that the servantswork for small waces and "stanhitched." The best of them it is stated, can be hired for $3 to $5 a month,and they remain in one family fifteento twenty years. All are numberedand tagged by the Government, so asto be traceable by the police."The Evening Post correspondent,gives the municipal market credit forthe prevalence of such low prices forthe necessities of life. "The buyerdeals directly with i.the producer, except in the few cases of feoffee, sugar,salt, pepper and like staples." Ofcourse the municipal market Is notresponsible for the satisfactory statusof the servant question nor for thefact that "a whole house rents forfrom $17 to S18 a month," and that "ataxicab ride anywhere in the city costsonly 15 to 20 cents." Neverthelessthe municipal market is tne one bestmefhd of reducing the cost 'of livingin Mexico or anywhere else.The average citizen of the UnitedStates would not care to live in Mexico under any conditions. As a matterot fact he would rather rustle for aliving in this country than accept freeboard ana lodging in Mexico City if itwere tendered along with a free ticketto that land of perennial political turmoil. But "the proof of the puddingis in the eating thereof," and thestory told by the Evening Post's emissary goes to prove that the municipalmarket is a good thing for the ultimate consumer in Mexico as it is elsewhere.The Farmer's Inning.One of the most effective speechesthat has been delivered by GovernorWilson during the campaign was thatat the farmers' picnic at WashingtonPark, N. J. It was especially prepared for the farmers, who the Governorshowed never occupied the center ofthe stage in politics, and were littleconsidered in legislation. The farmershave demanded no protection, but everything they buy is protected by aheavy tariff which in most cases goesinto the pockets'of the trusts insteadof helping to pay the expenses of theGovernment. When tariff bills areconsidered it is the interests that askto be heard. Who ever thought of thefarmers asking tobe heard? j"It is time," said Governor Wilson, "for you to break into your ownhouse and live there. I want you toexamine very critically the tenantswho have been occupying it. It is avery big house and very few peoplehave been living in it."This good advice to the farmers isapplicable to all classes that have received little consideration at the handsof the Republicans. There seems tobe a general desire for a house cleaning, and it will come in November, ifevery Democrat does his duty as Weare sure they will do when they havesuch an excellent chance to get possession of the government, which theRepublicans havesolong mismanaged.Hitting Hard.GovernorWiIson delivered a tellingblow to Roosevelt's preposterous claimto leadership of the real progressivethought of the country when, at SiouxCity, he showed ithat the Rooseveltplan for "regulating" trusts, insteadof preventing them, originated withGary and Perkins. These gentlemenare not interested in the people. Theinterests of Gary and Perkins arewrapped up in trusts and Mr. Roosevelt is their agent to carry out theirplan.Governor Wilsonis also right in opposing the tariff board as "a motion fora continuance." The existing boardhas already been used by the presidentas an excuse for delay and this excusehas cost the country several hundedmillions. The tariff board, howeverhonestly intended by some, is a farceand a fraud. After postponing actionuntil the board reported the Republicans would not accept any findingsthat justified reductions and the Democrats would not accept any findingsthat justified existing rates. Congressand congress alone can settle the tariffquestion.Campaign Literature.Every voter ought to post himBelfon the issues and on the records ofthe parties, and he ought to do so atonce. The most comprehensive collection of campaign material on theDemocratic side is to be found in thecampaign text book. This is issued atcost by the national committee. ' Address Democratic National Committee,Fjfth Ave. Bid., New York, or Democratic National Committee, Chicago.Congressman Cline, of Indiana, hasprepared a table showing what hasbeen done to carry out the Democraticplatform of 1908 and how the Republican party has failed to bring the people relief.Congressman Underwood has alsopresented a review of the party's record. These speeches'can doubtless beobtained from the National Committee.Get ready for the campaign and thengo to work among your neighbors.Pick one Republican and convert himand then try others.Certificates Filed.Judge Andrew J. Kirk, of Pikeviile,has filed his certificate of nominationas Republican candidate for Judge ofthe Court of Appeals in the Seventhdistrict with Secretary of State C. F.Crecelius.The certificates of all the Democratic candidates for electors also were filed. They are For the CongressionalDistricts: First district, RobertHazelwood, Bardwell ; Kainey T.Wells. Murrav ; Second District. DavidH. Kincheloe, Madisonville; GibneyOscar Letcher, Henderson; Third district, William G. Gead, Scottsville;Cleon A. Summers, Glasgow ; Fourthdistrict, Robert Lee Durham, Greensburg; John M. Campbell. Leitchfield;Fifth district, Keith L. Bullitt, Louisville; Robert L. Offutt, Louisville;Sixth districrt, Robert C. Simmons,Covington; Blaine McLaughlin, Newport ; Seventh district, Green T. Perkians, Beattyville; Morton H. Bourne,Owenton ; Eighth district, Robert H.Tomlinson, Lancaster; William JV1.Thompson, Taylorsville ;Ninth district,John W. Riley, Morehead; AndrewN. Stamper, Campton : Tenth district,Joel E. Childers, Pikeviile Martin,Vest; Eleventh district, Carl Little.Manchester William Ward Duffield,Harlan. At Large Kobert Harding,Danville, and H. V. McChesney,Frankfort.Opinion on New Press Measure.Attorney General Wickersham sentto Postmaster General Hitchcock awritten opinion on certain phases ofthe new Federal law requiring dailyand weekly newspapers and some otherpublications to present to the Postmaster General semi annual swornstatements of their circulation, ownership of their stock and bonds and otherinformation under penalty of denial of(he use of the mails.The Attorney General upholds thePostmaster's construction that it isimmaterial whether subesnptions 'areindividual or in bulk, and that the provision of the law covers the number ofcopies of a publication distributed tocertain paid subscribers by aiy means.Mr. Wickershara's opinion, prepared atthe direction of President Taft, doesnot touch upon the constitutionality ofthe law which is part of thepostofficeappropriation bill enacted at the lastsession of Congress.Mr. Hitchcock inquired whether thelaw "shall be limited to paid individual subesriptions, or shall include purchases in bulk by news agents or others for redistribution : also whether inyour opinion the provision covers paidciculation of daily newspapers notdistributed through the mails."The 2Year01d Stars.The lovers of the trotter predict thatthe two year old races at Lexingtonwill be the greatest ever seen, andmany are of the opinion that theworld's record. 2:09 1-2, for two yearold colts will be broken ; and others goas far as to believe that Native Belle'srecord for all sexes will be lowered inthe Kuturitv, amongst the eligibles towhich are Dillon Axworthy, Lord Allen, Don Chenault.Peter the Gay, LordToddington, Sweet Alice. Lord Brus?ells, Magowan, Lady Tregantle andPine Knot, every one of which hasshown form of the highest class. Inaddition to these there are elevenothers that made good on the Septembar Dayment:and t) sea these rices lov-erB of colt trotling from all parts ofthe United States will assemble atLexington October 9, on which daywill also be contested the crreat raresfor the WalnutHall Cap, a most mag-nincent tropny comnuutea oy Mr. Li.V. Harkness, of the famous WalnutHall Farm. " .Nature's Way Is The Best.Buried deep in our American forest we find bloodroot, queen's root, mandrake and stone root, golden seal, Oregon-grape root and cherrybark. Of these Dr.R. V. Pierce made a pure glyceric extract which has been favorably known forover forty years. He called it " Golden Medical Discovery."This " Discovery" purifies the blood and tones up the stomach and the entire"cystem in Nature' own way. It's just the tissue builder and tonic you require'fvLen recovering from a hard cold, grip, or pneumonia. No matter how strong theconstitutiau the stomach is apt to be " out of kilter" at times; in consequencethe blood is disordered, for the stomach is the laboratory for the constant manufacture of blood. Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery strengthens the stomach-cold in my hcai,erv,safe in saying itG. Kent, Esq.j.CORTRIG,fe. METAIJSHINGiLB&KLl ii HI lllJtogLSjBK&ARE RREPROOFtliiiljStorm-proof, too, because they interlock and overlap in such a way that the fijm finest driving snow or rain cannot sift under them. SI Best roof for country buildings, because they're safe front all the element. S7 They'll last as long as the building, and never need repairs. mFor Sale by Miller &I That You Try OurIt will give satisraction from the start.Why not begin to-day burning it?Dodson & DentonPARIS. KY.etutiberlaiKTCclepbonc ana Celegrapb ComplyINCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local and.LONG DISTANCE, use the Cumberland j'Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg,North Middletown, JLittle Rock andRuddles Mills."When you have Cumberland service youJ HAVE telephone service."Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporatedAUTO FOR HIRESpecial attention given toparties desiring to hire automobiles. Call on us forpricesTRANSFERBest equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Livery, Peed and Sales Stable.Eighth Street Both Phones.Some Good AdviceTo the People.Don't sell your old feathers until you find out the prices, Youcan call us and we will look atyour feather, or if you live inthe counrry send us a sample. Iwill let you know what they areworth. Some old feathers if theyhave been well cared for are asgood as new. We pay marketprice for new feathers.MAX MLNICK,8th Street, PARIS, KY.Call East Term, Phone 374puts it in shape to make pure, rich blood helps the hver andkidneys to expel the poisons from the body. The weak, nervous, run-down, debilitated condition which so many peopleexperience at this time of the year is usually the effect ofpoisons in the blood; it is often indicated by pimples or boilsappearing on the skin, the face becomes thin you feel " blue."'More than a week ago I was suffering with an awfulthroat, breast, and body," writes Mr.is the greatest and best medicine that IJ ames G. IyEST. of 710 Li. Street, a. .cJ., v asinngton, D. C."Some called it La Grippe, some pneumonia. I was advisedby a friend to trv a bottle of your ' Golden Medical Discov-.' l tnea a oottie ana iz a:a me so mucn cooa mat l feelever took, illy nealtiii is mucn Dc-ter tnan liwas beforeusing your medicine. It does all you ci-lm for it and issatisfactory."Best, Millersburg, Ky.Modern Equipment,4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDProfessional CardsJ J. WLLIjIAIVIS,attorney-at-law.iloom 1 Elks Buildine.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones j fgg.E. T. 334.Home 334.ResidenceDR. A. U KELIiEK,Pjbacticing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4j And 5, Elk's Bld'g?Paris - Kentuckym&NEWBARBERHOPtVSjfyTHE BOORBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCTOBER 1, 1912.ATo 40,000 Burley Tobacco GrowersStockholders in Strater Bros Branch FactoryHere are ten brands of tobacco. All of you know their worth,for you supply the leaf. It comes from your own tobacco farms.Most of you smoke or chew one of these brands, for they represent the cream of your crops. You know of none better, nonericher, and you know that each sale brings a profit to you. Youare partners in each of these brands. Here's a way to increaseyour profits on each.40,000 Partner-SalesmenWe want 40,000 more salesmen and you,Tlr Grower, are one that we want. Wevast you to work with us, to help sellte brands, and thus increase yourtt venue from them. Your cooperation,individually, can result in gigantic sales.Here's how it works out.Let Each Man TellTen FriendsLet each of you growers tell tenfriends what you know of Strater Bros.'Branch Brands, the brands for whichj oh grow the leaf. Always keep one ofthese brands in your pocket and give tothese friends to try. Explain that thelea es were the pick of your crop andthat no better crops are grown. Pointoat the reasons why these brands oftobacco should be every smoker's andcfiewer's choice since it is your choicestgrowth. 40.000 men, each telling tenfriends, will thus get a powerful salesmessage to nearly 400.000. If each ofthose friends tell five others, nearly2,000,000 men are affected. Think whatan increase this would make on thesebrands in one section. You are sellingto us. We are selling to them. So letus work jointly to sell the utmost thatwe can.Tell Dealers. Too' Tell dealers, too, when you buy thesebrands, what you know of their quality.Let them know of 4:heir nation-widepopularity, how they repeat, and howthey make friends of consumers.BE A BOOSTER OF BURLEY GROWERS' BRANDS, thus boosting the sales andyour profits.TO ALL DEALER WHO SELL TOBACCOThese brands of tobacco are famous sellers as all who sell them know. They are madefr m the best, from the cream of the crops, from forty thousand farms. They form theg- a'est repeaters known, a steady source of profit. Put them into your stock for a trial andwhat they do. You will sell them for years if you sell them one week.For Smoking-GOLDEN GLOW-PENNY POST-FULL PAY.ForChewing-INDEX-BY JOE TWIST-CUP DAY'S WORK-ON THE SQUARE-VORCHUGHT-STRATER'SNATURAL LEAF.STRATER BROS. TOBACCO COMPANY BRANCHBURLEY TOBACCO COMPANY, Incorporated, Louisville, Ky.(3)L. & N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59'P. M.No.ii1342971040373123326251)13S385393083231Trains -A.rrrvsFROMAtlanta, Ga., Daily 5 21 amLexington. Ky., Daily 4.15amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 amRowland, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 amCincinnati, O., DBily 9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 amLexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pmKnoxville: Tenn.. Daily ." 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily 5.40 pmCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5.47 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6,03 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.5o amJacksonville. Fla., Daily 6.05 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrains 3D e -partNo. TO34 Cincinnati. O., Daily 54 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except .Sunday 740 Cincinnati, O. , Daily'Except Sunday 8,10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8137 Lexington, Ky., Daily .937 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 933 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10,133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 106 Maysville, K., Daily 12,26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12,25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 393932S303113Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5,Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6Cynthiana, Ky., Daily-Except Sunday 6Lexington, K., Daily 10Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10,.28 am,35 am.47 am.20 am.20 am.57 am.55 am,24 am.27 am,05 pm,04 am34 pm4o pm52 pm,57 pm10 pm.15 pm,25 pm.57 pm,55 pmIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3, 1911.Trains ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.30 pm5 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pmTrains DepartNo. TO7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday 9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky DailyExcept Sunday 5. 53 pmssasaamssQfeesmCurtis Henry & Co.,Groceries, Drygoods, Fresh and CuredM!eats,aVeetabIes, Fruits, Etc.Both Phones 4423We Want Your Trade on the Merits of Our Goods.Everything We Sell is Guaranteed.Our accommodations are the best in town -Anew Auto Delivery, Polite Attention andAlways a Special Effort to Please : : : :A Few Things Others Haven't Might Interest You:Cream Flour, French Bread, Golden SunCoffee, Sweet-Orr Overalls, American BeautyCorsets, Royal Tailoring and many others toonumerous to mention. Give us a trial.Yours for more business.LCURTIS HENRY CO.Cor. 1 4-th and MainHERE'STHEHOGReasonable Explanation of Event!Which Have Been a Puzzle tothe Minds of Students.BOURBON REMEDY CO.,Lexington, Ky. XEnclosed find photo of hog: that was cured ofcholera with your Bourbon Hoe Cholera Remedy. This hog was almost dead before usingthe medicine, and then was entirely cured, except loss of ears, tail, etc. The hog Is owned byMr. SkilesEwing, of Bowling Green, Ky. Hewill be glad to give you a testimonial, and wecan get several more if you want them.r JENKINS-SUBLETT DRUG CO.,Bowling Green, Ky,"Ask Your Druggist for ItFor Sale dy W. T. Brooks.Good Practice."Father, I can beat anything, in college. "Well, don't worry, son. I'll seeto it that you'll have plenty of rugato keep you in trim this summer."Insure with W. O.' Hinton.Prompt paying non '- unioncompanies. ' tfFOR RENT.A modern five room cottage on Walker avenue. Possession given at once.ADply to - -Sep 3 3t LEE STARKE.Theourbon tee GooGo,AJSAincorporated.Manufacturers ofHarness, Horse Boots andLeather Novelties ofAll Kinds,All Orders Promptly Executed And"Work Guaranteed.No. 304 Main Street"Repairing of All Kind DoneWhile You Wait.Opp Court HouseDR. DOLLE'SMESSAGE TOYOU CAN BE CURED BYENIN-BS16 fflg cv JffcfcffflB I.r3 C. L. BOLLS, vTThy Talco Treatment That If? Doing TonNo io d, When-n. IV n I):ij s under the careof ni. Roll "Will Show ou How iSasy ItI. tn- Caio The-e Iijee8 "When the ProperXieutmetit in Aditumattieu.Have von :-?atd for ricnths and years, andbem div-jinu c 1 until ou tL:MC ttmtjou cannot D ':: d You, no doubt, all this time havebn j -eHreu by iuexpen n"ed doctors wl o hadniiuiir -ufl dent ki 3Wiul,o nor experience ton v how to pure 70aXlioioare th" r.S' 'ivb of Tvhich I Iiavo1 sl -so imnj, justly frying me the repu4U.J.1 tfci cures of vhlcii lum so proud.illojcl D-socses, Skm Diseases '' v .1 iv von treatment that will in a fewu- ir ah r -1, otb aud every Eign andiyt in J'ri" .v-1 it fcHs the poison out of.) Mv i ' Lead v .. Jriviiigic m lire ordinary.; r.iHi' I ( uru blio 1 ( 1 'ujs ard skin disp-i j -w j.y tuius ' ore buckT-.ricocele, caus.rj ccnin or pain injTZ-i-i cr bnsV. irr. usucss, "Weakness,IjZz of V-ita'il, I.?k cf Ambitionr - t-Cti -"-.t c .re is what you shoulo.i rt d uu i rhn o i vrul iave to ha'.e to becurearu'.t. Onlyo.ie ViMtis reeuircd. I do no cuttn,,' an-1 ou sutler no paia ucr trouble. All, z'-' dihppear in a fcv daysZ':rTous Troubles, Lost Vitality!' combined trcclLrcnt for thece troubles fc3ominr in,anion those v. ho ba e become weak andworuaut, who hive ccufciI it bv folly, dissipationandtxeessex, isremarkabl tfnod oonebelieC''how nuickh it benefits until they hae taken itIt overcomes enknt"-', rcnontneb pain i:back, lack of energy, ambition and strength lt'tjitthe treatment I hae found bo eflective mtreating such diseases.Kidney and Bladder TroublesT2 scientifically cured bymo My methods immediately benefit you, and the majority of cases1 cure come from physicians and epecialista whofailed.PilPQ Picfrllln I can cure you eor-!!C, riLUIctC quickly and easilythat j ou will be surprised I will give you justthe result and cure you are looking for withouta surgical operation.Acute Diseases Iggftremedies seldom cure. My treatment stops everysymptom and cures in a few days. It is scientificthat's the only s are way to be cured so it willnot come backYou can talco my Treatment without acent and pay me after Icuie you. I knowthat I can give you new life, new hope, and canrestore you buck to health and happiness. Jknow that every man will pay after I nave eliminated every trace of disease from hiB system.Microscopical and analjtical urinalysis FREEI havo writeen a book that ought to be in thehands of every suffering man in this country. Iwill send you a copy, fiee, if you will write me atonce the disease for which you desire treatement,Hours, 0 to 4: Sunday, 9 to 1p.m.. Evenings,7 to 8 on Monday .Wednesday and Saturday nights. C. L. DOLLE, M. D.Over Columbia Theater 525 Walnut St., betweenFifth aud Sixth 8treets.Office easy to find, as all that is necessary is toask tor the Columbia Theater, and any one cantell you this. . .. ,DREAMS PROTECT OUR SLEEPDreams seem a mere play of imagination without any value the moreas every serious student has recognized that it is absurd to think thatdreams have any prophetic character.But, in recent times, science has discovered the probable purpose of thedreams, and has found in this caseagain that nature does not give to usanything which is superfluous.In the present view of science,dreams fulfill the purpose of protecting our sleep, and this endis reached by those apparentlymeaningless flights of the imagination. Most dreams start fromsome disturbance or. excitementof our organism. Something maypress on us, or touch us, or we mayhear a sound, or we may have somedigestive trouble, or we may lie inan uncomfortable position, and so on.Any such disturbance would excite themind and would easily lead to abreaking up of the sleep which is necessary for us in order to be fresh forthe next day's work.The dream provides the solution. Increating a fantastic background forthat disturbance, by iwhich the innerexcitement becomes adapted to awhole situation in which it fitswell, our efforts to remove itbecomes sidetracked and the sleepcan go on without interruption.We may have thrown off ablanket and feel cold. Our dreambrings us to a snowy winter landscape in the midst of the cold winterday, where we begin to skate, and allthe coldness Is then so natural andwell adjusted to the whole illusory experience that our mind moves onwithout destroying the sleep. FromSt. Nicholas.Cleaning a Rusty Rifle.It is an easy matter to clean a rustyrifle barrel, but when the rust haspitted the metal to any depth, the accuracy of the rifle is destroyed. Whenthe rust is very thick saturate the inside of the barrel with coal oil, andallow it to soak well In for an hour ormore. When the rust has softenedsomewhat wrap some tow around theramrod, and pour enough coal oil upon it to thoroughly moisten it, andpush In a rotary manner through thebarrel and back a dozen times. Whenthe tow gets very dirty renew it andcontinue the process until the coarserportion of the rust has been removed.A round brush of stiff bristles is nextfixed to the ram-rod, moistened thoroughly with the oil, and twisted Into abarrel, running it back and forth atleast a dozen times, thus loosening thedirt that has been more firmly attached to it. The first operation is nowrepeated, except that the tow on theramrod is left dry, and the rubbingwith this must be continued in alldirections 'as long as it comes outsoiled. The use of wire brushes i3objectionable for cleaning guns, as thenumerous steel points cut into thetube. Careful cleaning of the metalparts after use, and giving them acoat of petroleum or sweet oil whenlaid aside, will keep a rifle free fromrust and ready for use at all times.Why the Country is Deserted.There are all sorts of reasons givenwhy we can no longer keep our youngpeople in the country, and most of theall sorts of reasons are good, but thereis one which is just beginning to berecognized which is most potent of all,and yet most insidious. In the teachers of the little children in the country do we find the danger; these teachers, knowing ndthing really of rurallife, instil the thought fjbm the beginning, "Get an education so as toget away from this place into a bigcity where you can have a chance!"And now our slow-going governmenthas at last recognized this danger andsends out this warning: "The tendency of the rural school to encourage emigration to the city is due tothe fact that the course of study inmost rural schools is merely a copyof that given to city school children,without reference to the different environment and local needs of thecountry child. As a result the authors declare that teachers everywhere, with rare exceptions, haveidealized city life, and unwittinglyhave been potent factors in inducingyoung men and women to leave thefarm and move into the city." Universalist Leader.IxiOCTO.THEWORLD'SGREATESTCONTESTS8 TOll$35,GG0Kjfl19THES. BEST !track: fKENTUCKY T. H. B. ASSOCIATION$21,000 THE KENTUCKY FUTUKITT.$ 3,000 THE AVAIiNUT HATjIi CUP$ 5,000 THE TRANSYLVANIA -$ 3,000 THE CASTLETON CUP$ 9,500 CHAMPIONSHIP STATiTJON5,000 THE OCTOBER PRIZE -TUESDAY, OCT,"WEDNESDAY, OCT. 8THURSDAY, OCT. 1D- 3IONDAY, OCT. 14- MONDAY", OCT. 14WEDNESDAY, OCT,, 1&A BIG STAKE EVERY DAYWeber's Prize Sand of AmericaOne FareRAILROAD RATES One FareWRITE FOR PROGRAMNew Fall Suits Arriving"' ivL'fSfcfc Jsciaoss bros & co I ." SSik ;& JFIe CUtkes Hikers f v.r .DailySchEoss Bros.. Sc Co.iBitimore, Md.,Hand Made SuitsAre Here DirectPre m The TailorsHands. .We are showing the newPlunCarnation, Grey and Browns, theprices very reasonable, $15 to 25All Wool Fall Suits, newestshades at. . . .10, $12.50 and 15Our Fall Line of Haws VonGol Hats Douglass Shoes andTiwn Bros., Special Shoes arelarriving daily.i&The showing we are making:for Fall is in every way up to thehighest class, our prices are morereasonable than elsewhere. &TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L'jWollstein, Proprietor.wrariSgU02&&Has Had Adventurous Life.Dr. George Ernest Morrison, whoserecent appointment as financial adviser to the president of China hasaroused adverse comment in Germany,the Tagliche Rundschau terming him"an enemy of Germany," is widelyknown as a writer and venturous traveler. He has been the Peking correspondent of the London Times for along time. He is a native of Australia, and was educated at Melbourneand the University of Edinburgh. During a journey through New Guineain 1883 he was speared In the breastin an attack by natives, and It wasnot until the following year that thespearhead was cut out, the operationbeing performed In Edlnburg. Probably his best-known book is "An Australian In China."Too Much for Pop."Pop!""Yes, my son.""They scuttle a house at the top,don't they?""Yes, my boy.""And they- scuttle a boat at the bottom, do they not?""Why yes." ,"Well, where would they start to'scuttle a houseboat, pop?"Why You Take No Chances'The Studebaker name for sixty yearshas been a guarantee of quality. It eliminates the slightest element of chance in)your purchase of an automobile.Every part of a Studebaker car is)made in our own plants. We analyze andabsolutely know the materials which gointo our cars. Our guarantee is good.75,000 Studebaker cars are on the?road and every owner will tell you thata Studebaker car always makes good.We know that the Studebaker(Flanders) "20" at $800 is equal in mate-jrial and workmanship to any car built 'and the price is within your reach.4 Ready for immediate deliveryThe $800 Studebaker (Flanders) "20 'I Price, Standard Equipped, $300 f. o. b. Detroit.' , Equipped a above, with Top, Windshield, Prest-O-Lite Tank' and Speedometer, $885. , J 1AmM sr dealer for the new Studebaker art catalogue or send to u for itThe 3tudtebaker Corporation Detroit, MichiganBourbon Garage & Supply Co., Asts,! a.wAw ..rfer. -THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCTOBER 1, 1912m'We have just received acar load of heaters of thefamous Florence hot blast,the best stovea on earth forthe money. See us for lowestprices when in need of astove. See our window disolav E. M. WHEELER FURNITURECOMPANY.McCarney Named as Chairman.Chairman Samuel Wilson, of the Seventh District subcommittee, of theDemocratic Finance Committee forKentucky, has announced the appointment of Mr. R. K. McCarney as Chairman cf the eFund Raising Committeeof Bourbon county. The appointment5s a deserved compliment to Mr. McCarney who has been a life-long worker in the Democratic ranks and whowill immediately begin an active campaign to raise funds in this county.465 Acres of WelS-Irnproved BourbonfCounty LandFor Sale at Auction!Desiring to return to Europe to reside rermanently, I have decided todispose of all my real estate in America and have therefore placed my farmlying in Bourbon county in the hands of Harris & Speakes to be sold at public outcry at the court house door in Paris, Ky., onThursday, October 10, 1912,at 2 O'Clock p. m.The farm is situated about six miles east of Paiis, on the Iron Workspike, and contains 465.81 acres, and is perhaps better known as a part of thePord farm. It will be offered in three tracts, then as a whole, and the besthid accepted. ii.ij.-DTract No. 1 Contains 210 acres, more or less, of the best land m Bourbon county, 200 acres being virgin soil, with an abundance of timber, suchas walnut, oak, ash, hickory, etc. It is well watered with ponds and neverfailing springs.The improvements consists of a handsome two-story brick residencewith all modern conveniences. The first floor has six rooms, 20 ft. square,double hall 12x20 feet, large, well-lighted kitchen, pantry, back hall, bothcomplete and porch around entire rear of house. Four rooms and hall onsecond floor, good dy cellar under entire house, up-to-date furnace andcistern at door. It is handsomely finished, convenient and comfortable. Ithas a stone barn 120x60 feet, with 14 box stalls, concrete floor andtougueand grooved loft. This barn was built at a cost .$9,400, and is without doubtthe best in the country. Artisian well at bar a ; ser vents' house ; splendidmeat house; ice house and framefarni barn 72x41 feet, cistern at same.Tract No 2 Contains loO acres. lying on the east side of the Iron Workspike; all in blue grass for eight years; residence of five rooms; large barn;ice house, meat house, cistern, never-failing springs, good fencing.Tract No. 3 Contains 15 acres, more or less, in cultivation, brokenfrom old blue grass sod two years ao; unimproved; plenty of water; fencing first-class. Good frontage on pike and splendid building site.This farm is without doubt one of the best in the county, being well situated and very fertile. It will produce anything that can be grown in thisclimate. It is in an excellent neighborhood, convenient to churches andschools. Any one in the market for a fine Blue Grass farm should attendthis sale.Positive sale. Sold subject to survey. Possession March 1, 1913, withusual seeding privileges this Fall.TERMS One-third cash, balance in two equal payments, in one andtwo years, deferred notes bearing interest at 6 per cent, from date until paid.v W.A.LANE.For further information address Ed. Turner or Harris & Speakes, Paris.Ky., who will take pleasure in showing the farm to prospective purchasers.COL. GEO. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.JOHN HACELEBRATEDDRAUGHT BEERALWAYS ON TAPXAil Brands of Bottled in Bond Goods.Private Stock Whiskies, S-year-old, 1 1 OProof, $1.00 per Quart.Bennie Weis$hergm Tfericultur!Capital Surplus .$100,00.00 $67,500.00Revenue Assignments.The following are the revenue assignments in Bourbon county for themonth of October:F. P. Thomas, Kiserton J. M. Russell, day, W. N3 Henderson, additionaland bottlinsr, W. G. Cook, gauger.G. G. White Co., Pans U. L..Hough, dav, Clay Cisco, additional andbottling, R. D. Grant, additional, W.G. Cook, gauger.Julius Kessler.& Co., Paris J. P2Hutchcraft, day, J. A. Rowland, bottling, J. D.S hy and E. J. Marty nh.additional, W. G. Cook, gauger.NOTICE.City taxes for the year1912 are now in my handsfor collection at my office atthe Deposit Bank.C. K. THOMAS,26-tf City Collector.Bank of Paris.-""-"" ftProtection$267,500.00Plan to Build in the Spring.With aview of beginning the erection of their new store room and officebuilding at the corner of Sixth andMain streets tne firm of S. H Kress& Co., ot'New York, are making preparations o dispose of the old churchbuilding on the site and plan to get thenew building under way at the earliestpossible date.Mr. LeeJT. Beall. who since the purchase of the site, has been acting inthe capacity of aeent; for the firm, hasreceived instructions from the headquarters in New York to dispose ofthe old church building as soon as possible and hae the site cleared not laterthan January 1. 1913.With this objeet in view Mr. Beallhas had several contractors going overthe old building, the material in wnichwill be sold to the highest bidder, andhe hopes to effect a trade within thenext few days.For soiie time the firm of Kress &Co.. which operates five and ten centstores in al) the principal cities in theUnited States, has been planning toeiect a building on the site, which waspurchased about three years ago, butfor some reason they were retarded inthe work. It is proposed to erect athree story building, which will frontG6 feet 4 inches on Main street, andwill run back the entire length of thplot. a distance of 101 feet 6 inches.The building will be constructed ofwhite pressed brick, and the planshave already been accepted by thefirm. On the first floor there will betwo store rooms,j one with a fifty footfront and the other fronting sixteenfeet. The larger one will be occupiedby the firm, and the smaller room willbe leased. The second and third floorswill be divided into office suites.The firm at present has in operationin the United States 137 stores, allconducted along the same lines, and inevery intance they own the buildingsin which they conduct their business.In this state there are only twostores in operation, one in Winchesterand the other in Hopkinsville.School Shoes.Go to Feld's and get your schoolshoes for boys, misses and children.Satisfaction guraaoteed. tfFall Hats.Call in and see our well selectedstock of fall and winter hats. Velourhats, all shades, rough and plain lelts,all the new shades. Correct styles inall stiff hats.24 tf MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.Renick Enters Legislators' Race.Abram Renick, prominent Democratic politician and live stockbreeder,formerly of Bourbon, announced Saturday in Louisville that he would be acandidate for the Legislature againfrom Clark county and that he wouldit elected be a candidate for Speakerof the House ot Representatives.Mr. Renick was a member of theLegislature at the time of the assassination of William Goebel, and priorto the shooting he was one of theclosest men to Senator Goebel duringthe memorable contest waged for theGovernorship.While he has been an active factorin politics in Winchester and Clarkcounty siiice that time he has notsought office. In addition to his political' activities Mr. Renick is one ofthe best known cattle breeders in theUnited States, and acts as judge offine cattle at all of the state fairs inthe South and Middle West.Rye &nd Timotny.We have choice Northern and homegown seed rye, also timothy seed, forsale.20 tf R. B. JBUTCHCRAFT.Now On Display.Our new line of fall hat3 await yourinspection. All styles, shapes and prices. Come in today and pick yoursout.24 tf MITCHELL & BLAKEMOKE-Broken Axle Causes Accident.While Mr. Catesby Spears, of thiscity, was driving his Pierce-Arrow caron the Lexington pike near this citySunday afternoon a rear axle breakingcaused considerable damage to themachine. The accident occurred nearthe Greenwich pike. The windshieldwas broken and the rear wheels ofthe car badly damaged. The occupants ot the car wern uninjured.' Oaiequal and Alcorn.I We have .iust received a fresh car ofI Oatequal and Alcorn. Finest feed forhorses and cows. Try some.24 4t YERKES & FRICHARD.Made High Masonic Officer.. Howard R. French, of Mt. Sterling, h2s teen aDnointed Grand Rtcoidcr of the Grand Council of the Masons by Grand Master Thomas, of Louisville. Mr. French succeeds the lateCaptain H. B. Grant as Grand Recorder, and there is a probability that hewill be elected to Grand Secretary otthe Grand Lodge of Kentucky at itsmeeting in Louisville next month.Laying New Gas Mains.Workmen are engaged in the layingof new gas mains from High street toWakler Avenue, on Eighth street, andin the next few davs 1,300 feet will beplaced in commission. The old pipewilPall be removed and four-inch pipesubstituted.Carpets and Rugs.Come to the carpet and rug store ifyou want something nice at reasonable prices. Large stock to selectfrom. No shop-worn patterns, all new.x J. T. HINTON.Low Colonist Rates. 'Low one-way second class Tcolonistfares to California, British Columbia,Arizona, Alberta, Montana, Dragon,Washingaton. Nevada, New Mexico,I Utah and Texas. Tickets on saleSept. 5th to October 10th, inclusive.For further information, call on or address W. H. HARRIS, AgentJ. K. SMITH, T. A.DEATHS.John L. Am8den, president of theLouisville & Atlantic railroad, andprominent as soldier, banker and philanthropist, died at his home , in Versailles. DOYLEMr. John R. Doyle, one of the old-!est and most highly resDected citizensof this city, died at the home of his jdaughter, Mrs. iildward .BurKe. inSouth Paris yesterday evening at 6o'clock, after a protracted illness dueto the infirmities ofold age.Mr. Doyle, who was in his eightiethyear, was one of the Pioneer citizensof Paris. He was a native of Irelandand was born in the county of Kerryin May 1832. At the age of 25 and in1857 he emigrated to America lucatingin Paris where he has since made .hishome.For many year Mr. Doyle was oneof the most prosperous citizens of thecommunitv. He was actively engagedas a stone mason and as a"" reward forbis labors amassed a considerable sumof money most of which was investedin real estate which during the latteryears of life, he allowed to pass intothe hands of his children. With hisfamily he occupied what is known asthe Doyle home on the north end ofHigh street, which is now owned byMr. Henry Fuhrman, the property being disposed of following the death ofhis venerable wife, Mrs. Mary Doyle,who preceded her husband to the gravelten years ago.After the death of his wife, Mr.Doyle made his home with his daughter, Mrs. Ed Burke. For the pastthree years he has been in declininghealth and for several weeks his deathhas been hourly expected. He was aman of unusual vitality, and until recently in spite of his weakened condition he has been ecxeedingly active.He is survived by three daughtersand one son, Mrs. Mike Lavm, Mrs.Edward Burke, Mrs. John Dean, andMr. John Edward Doyle, all of thiscity. At the time of going to presslast night the funeral arrangementshad not been completed.A Suggestion.If you wanf a good yield of wheator rye, put it in with a Peoria DiskShoe Drill. For sale by Yerkes &Prichard. 20-4tMATRIMONIAL.TALBOTT-MILLER.The marriage of Miss Mary Talbutt to Mr. Chas. WC Miller was celebrated Thursday at one o'clock in Muskogee Okla. The bride is the daughter of the late Mr. Chas. TalboU, former sheriff of Bourbon county, andmoved to Oklahoma vith her motherabout four years ago. She is a youngwoman of unusual attractiveness andis popuar with a large circle of friends.Mr. Miller is a prosperous attorneyand politician, formerly of Lexington,being the son of Mr. and Mrs. W. W.Miller, of the latter city. He locatpdin Hodgensville.Okla.. about five yearsago.FELD-BEJLL.The marriage of Miss Ida FeldN toMr. Harry Bell was .solemnized at thehome of the bride's parents, Mr. andMrs. A. Feld, in Winchester, at 4o'clock Sunday afternoon, the ceremony being performed by Rabbi Mueller, of Louisville.The home was attractively decorated fortthe occasion with plants andflowers. The wedding was very informal, only the immediate relativesheing present.The bride wore an exquisite costumeof white brocaded messaline, and carried a gieat cluster of bride's roses.She is an accomplished musician, instrumental and vocal, and is popularwith all who know her.Mr. Bell is a young stock broker ofIndianapolis, Jnd., and has been unusually successful. He enjovs a widepopularity among friends and acquaintances all over the territory inwhich he travels.Following the wedding ceremonythe bride changed ber gown for a stylish brown traveling suit, with hat,gloves and suede shoes to match, andthe happy couple left for a honeymoontrio in the East. They willfmake theirhome in Indianapolis. Just previousto their departurean elaborate menuwas served.Mr. and Mrs. David Feld, of thiscity, were among the guests at thewedding.Democrats register to-day.Polls open 6 a. m. to 9 p. m.W. C. T. U. Convention Closes.The business or the Christian Woman's Temperance Union in session atMt.Sterling, closed Saturday afternoonwith the election of officers. Mis.Frances E. Eeauchamn, of Lexington,was re-elected president. kThe vicepresident is Mrs. Julia Powers, ofGrayson ; the eorresponriinK secretoryi Mrs. Anna Wheeler, of Smithfield :the recording secretary Mrs. JuliaGunn, of Lexingtcn, and the treasurer,Mrs. Nora B. Taylor, of Lexingtun.The various seocretaries and districtand State presidents were re-elected.Mrs .F. E. Locke, of Newport, Mrs.Sue M. Davis, of Louisville, and Mrs.Agnes L. Eifert, of Ashland, wereelected delegates to the national convention which meets in Portland, Oregun. An invitation from Bowling Greento entertain the next State conventionwas accepted.The sum of "449 48 was raised fqrthe benefit of the Hindman school.The"fesoIutiou passed by the convention were very strong. They declare in favor of nation-wide prohibition and condemn the old political parties for their attitude on the question.Theyfdeplore the alarming growth inthe,white slave traffic, reaffirm theirdeclaration in favor of the reading ofthe Bible in public schools and declarestrict observance of the fourth commandment, which they state is constantly violated by the doing of unnecessary work and attending variousamusements. They protest againstthe cohtract system in theJState Reform School, and-call upon the PrisonCommission to improve the conditionsthere existing and thanks are extended for the giving of suffrage to womenin the school elections.The convention closed Sunday evening.aiMMBMiMBBBMflMMBA'! For YourSuit Come to Wolf,Wile & Co.Big Variety, Exclusive Styles,Best Values$26 $30 $35You have been considering the purchase of a newsuit for Fall and you naturally want the very utmoststyle, quality and value for the amount you intend tospend. That's why we say come here. No store in Lexiugton offers you so much for your money.First of all, you are not limited in your selection here.Our stock is the very largest we have ever shown andaffords broad choice in the nattiest, handsomest and mostdistinctive models from some of Ine best style creators inthe country and at a wide range of prices to meet the requirements of every purse. There are certain individualtouches of style and workmanship about Wolf, Wile & Co.suits that make them appeal to the discriminating dresserwho loves the exclusive. And we may mention, too, thatall linings are guaranteed, that all fabrics are shrunk andsponged before being made up and every coat is finishedwith arm shields. Careful investigation has proven thatour prices cannot be matched anywhere in this sectionfor equal styles and qualities. Comparison will tell.Extra Large Womenwill find in this line odd sizes that assure a perfect fit withlittle or no alteration.m wm ?aI 11Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.JLexi'ngionjiI J. H. JOSSELSON IMADE FOR. US BYPet en.Shoe Colmm . ....JmMttmMtmW9mWmJryfttf'K P mm 8mSole AgentPeter's Diamond BrandReed Cushion SoleRalston HealthJ. 11. Josselson715-717 Main Street, Paris, Ky.Life InsurantPolicy No. 884 on the Ten Payment Life Plan was issued bythe Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company to Mr. HoustonH. Poppleton, of Cleveland, 0., on March 19, 1861, at aged 25.This policy was for $1,000, with an annual premium of $41.95.The results to .date are as follows:10 Annual Premiums Paid .s $419.50Total Dividends Re-Paid ' .......1 489.22Dividends Exceeded Premiums by $ 62.72Mr. Poppleton is still living, but his premium payments stopped in 1871. He has the satisfaction of knowing that he usedgood judgment when he insured in the Northwestern.The Northwestern has issued many policies upon which dividends exceed the total premiums paid.The dividends paid by The Northwestern in 1911 amounted to$12,610,321.25.McClure & Clendenin,Insurance and Real EstateE. Tenn. Phone 235; Home Phone 72 Paris, KentuckyNew Fall !III if vviJCentucciWe have our completeFall Stock In,which consists of thebest line of Clothing gwe have ever handled Ibefore.And all of our Shoesconsist of the bestbrands money can buyhoesTree of CosttI1'iJLiii" ...ii. .. .- , s. V ? r'-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCTOBER 1, .1912"MMTHE BOURBON NEWS.6$M'ifavyhALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGREDUCTION IN PICTURES.For the next ten days wewill offer our entire stock ofhandsome art pictures atgreatly reduced prices. Thesepictures are all new subjectsand mflke beautiful presents.Call in before the stock ispicked over2t PARIS BOOK STORE.Democrats register to-day.Polls open 6 a. m. to 9 p. m.IS Anybody Can Show Youa better 20 suit than the "DavisTwenty," you buy it.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Selected asManager.for sev-Mr. Joseph McKee, .'whoeral years has held a position as wirechief with the Bourbon Home Telephone Company in this city, has bepnappointed manager of the East Tennessee Telephone Company at North MiddJ town.Insure your Tobacco withTHOMAS & WOODFO D.Arriving Daily.New Fall Footwear arriving dailv at10 tf FELD'S SHOE Si ORE.Ankle Sprained.While on a visit to her brother, Mr.Robert George, in Carlisle, Mrs. J.W.JPorter, of tnis city, slipped on astairwav at the George home andsprained her ankle. She is confined toher home on South Main street sufferng from the injury.forCHOICE SEED.We are headquarterschoice Seed Wheat, Seed Ryeand Timothy Seed.13-6t C. S. BRENT & BRO.The Best Made.Yerkes & Pricbard sell the threebeet drills made, Peoria. Superior andKentucky. 20-4tNew Cashier Takes Charge.Mr. Ivan Soper, formerly of thiscity, who was recently electedas Cashier of the People's Bank at LittleRock, has taken charge of the institution. Mr. Wm. Bryan, who resignedthefpositionjand was elected a bookkeeper of the People's Bank, of Paris,is preparing to move to this city toassume his position in the new bank assoon as it is opened for business.Immense Line oJ Wall Paper.Call at my store and pick from thelarge new stock of wall paper justwhat you need and have it put onyour walla. Experienced decoratorsare ready to do your bidding.J.T .HINTON.Worth More Than You Pay.You get a dollar's worth of satisfaction for every dollar you pay, whenyou buv the "Davis Twenty.'J. w: DAVIS & CO.Buys Interest in General Store.Mr. J. M. Murphy, of Ezel, Montgomery county, has purchased an interest in the general mercantile business of Skidmore Bros., in North Middletown, and has taken over the activemanagement of the1 concern. Mr.Murphy recently suffered the loss othis store in Montgomery county byfire. Associated with him will be Mr.4D. B. Skidmore, of North Middletown.'Quinces for Jelly.We have niceones.C. P.COOK & uO.Newest Styles.The very latest things in fall andwinter Jhats now on display at ourstore. All the new shades Stonegrey, Chine mixed grey, tobaccohrov r, srrH"n b'ovrn, ledvoori rr.:j"c,olive, ebony, etc.24 tf MITCHELL & BLAKEMORti.Fire Does Little Damage.Fire which broke out in the engineroom of the large grass seed house ofE. P. Spears & Sons, at 9 o'clock l Friday morning thjgatened the destruction of the buildfig. The fire was confined to that part of the buildingwhere it originated and but little damage was done. The establishment,which is the largest of its kind in theciy, was filled to its capacity witnblue grass and other seed which werein the process of cleaningFire, wind and lightning Insurance. Thomas & Woodford.rERSONAL MENTION.CarlisleWedding Presents.From a 25to cut glassdesign, at17-4tcent hand-painted plateof the newest and richest. BUTLERS',Opp. Court House."Bunce Killed by Fall.A Coroner's jury,composed of leading business men, after examiningmore than a score of witnesses lastFriday in Louisville, rendered a verdict to the effect that C. W. Bunce,better known as Charley Whiteraoon,cowboy herbalist, who died September7; died from the effects of a fall downa stairway at his home, followin anapopletic stroke. This was the secondinquest. Uhe investigation . was reopened because of the persistent rumor? that Bunce bad been the victimon. E. M. Dickson was inFriday on legal business.Mr Ed. Turner returned Fridavfrom a trip to Hot Springs. Va.Miss Leila Keller is the guest ofMrs. F. E. Baird in Cynthiana.Miss Loraiue Butler is the guestof Mrs. Jas. Patterson, in Pineville.Mrs. Edgar Tingle and Mrs. HoltHenry were "isitors in Cincinnati Saturday. -Mise Bess Holladay has returnedfrom a visitto Mrs. Seaton, in Covington. Miss Mary Fithian'Hutchcraft hasreturned from a visit to friends in Lexington. Mr. and Mrs. Thomas McDonaldare spending the week at the SeelbachHotel in Louisville.Mr. Frank Ireland, of Port Arthur,Texas, is a guest of his sister, Mrs.Mary Ireland Davia.Mrs. Sidney Burrows, of Waco,Texas, will arrive this week to bethe guest of Miss Ollie Butler.Mr. Isaac C. Clay has returned tohis home in Lawrenceburg, after avisit to relatives in this county.Mrs. Logan Howard has returnedhome after a short visit to her mother,Mrs. Susan Baker, in Lexington.Mr. Henry S. Clay and familvwill leave Wednesday for Fort Worth,Texas, to make their future, home.Mrs. Claiborne Brown and MissPearl and Henry Brown have returnedfrom a snort stay in Jacksonville, Fla.Mrs. S. A. Mickey and Mrs. Wallace Embry, of Cynthiana, are gtheguests of Mr. and Mrs. Kirtley McShane. Mr. and Mrs. Lee Beall have astheir guests, Mrs. William Beall, ofWarsaw, and Mrs. Leo Thomas, ofGeorgetown.Misses Carrie and Helen Frankhave returned home after a visit totheir brother, Dr. Louis Frank, inLouisville.Dr. Clara B. Matthews has returnedjfrom a two months' visit torelatives in Lafayette, Ind., andChambersburg. Pa.Mrs. Wm. Myall returned from Mt.Sterling Saturday where she attendedthe W. C. T. U. convention as delegate from the local union.Br.'D. B. Anderson has rented' theresidence of Mrs. Laura Perry onHigh streetand will move with hisfamily to it in the next few days.Mrs. Sidney G. Clay has returnedfrom North Carolina, where sheentered her daughter, Miss AliceRogers day. in Elizabeth College.Mrs. Wm. -Mancum, Mrs. W. T.Hardie and little daughter, of New Orleans, were guests last week of Mrs.Charlton Alexander at VPinehurst".Mr. Henry MGinley. chief of theParis Fire Department, and familyspent last Sunday at Mr. McGinley'sbirth place, Hickory Ridge, Nicholascounty.Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive returnedyesterday from Carlisle, where heconducted a meeting last week. Dr.bhive wll leave today for Louisville,where he will attend a meeting of theSynodical Committee.Mr. John Turner, who has beenquite ill at his home near this city, isimproving. Mr. Turner, who iseighty-four years ofage in the pastfew months has been frequently asuffererjfrom8evere sick spells.Mr. Craig Rion, son of Mr. andMrs. Jos. M. Kion, who has neen employed at the store of Mr. C. P. Cookihas resigned his position and has goneto Seattle, Wash., for an extendedvisit to hisjirother, Dr. Croxton RionMrs. Laura Perry was the guestSunday of her daughter, Mrs. A. B.Davis, in Covington. Mrs. Perry willleave the latter part of the week forCovington to make her home with Mr.and Mrs. Davis who will reside therein the future.Mr. Charges Templin. who haabeen here on a Visit to his brother,Mr. T. T. Templin, left Thursday forCincinnati where he joined his motherand together they went to Charleston,W. Va., for a visit before returning totheir home in Los Angeles, Cal.Miss Rachel Wiggins entertained afew friends Friday aiternoon with anauction bridge party. After severalinteresting games a luncheon wasserved at the card tables. The prize,a beautiful lace jabot, was awarded toMiss Clara Belle O'Neal, for receiving the highest score.Wr R- P. Boulder, of P:iblo,C i , io hete on a visit to rclstiv s inthis section. Mr. bouluen was tormerly postmaster of Millersburg, a position he held for many years until heresigned to go to Colorado to make hishome with his daughter, Mrs. LeonardMorgan West. He willremain in thisstate for about a month.Mrs. Charlton Alexander entertained Friday with a family dinner, atherhome "Pinehurst," near this citv.The following were present: Mrs. D.M. Ba'l, Mrs. Josie Ball Harris, MissLena Graves, Mrs. George Mmary,Charlton Graves and John Ball, ofVersailles, Mrs. Daniel Saffrans, Mr.and Mrs. D. L. Moore and daughter,Anita, of Harrodsburg.5 Mi3SrNellie Highland 'entertainedSaturday afternoon with a brlliant reception at her country home, "HowardHaven." the occasion being a farewellto Mrs'. Henry C. Clay, who will leavetoday for Fort Worth, Texas, to reside.Mrs.t Frank M. Clay and Mrs. W. R.Scott creeted the guests upon their arrival, and Miss Bessie Wilson directedthem to the receiving line in the parlor, where the hostesses presentedthem to Mrs. Henry S. Clay.In the back parlor Mrs. HoustonRion presided over the punch bowl.In the dining room, where the guestswere served with an elaborate luncheon, Mrs. William E. Board and Mrs.Wm. Kenney attended to serving theguests while Mrs. Custis Talbott andMrs. N. A. Moore presided at thecoffee and chocolate table.A Lexington orchestra, screenedfrom view, furnished music throughoutthe afternoon. Aboutf two hundred invitations werp issued, most of which, Warrant Issued lor Speeder.A -warrant charginjffeckless drivingand exceeding the sffeed limit in thecity of Paris in violation of a city ordinance, was issued in Police Courtyesterday against William Boa, ofLouisville, and sent to the police ofthat city.The incident which caused the warraflt to be issued occurred Sunday afternoon, when, it is alleged, the carbeing driven at a high rate of speed,ran over and killed a vaiuaDie oirudog, the property af Mr. John McClintock, of this city.The number of the car was securedand turned over to Chief of Police J.C. Elgin, who telephoned to the Secretary of State at; Frankfort, ascertaining the name of the owner. At theinstance of Chief Elgin a warrant wasalso sent to Lexington. It is notknown whether or not the owner ofthe machine occupied, the car at thetime of the alleged accident.The dog which was killed was a veryvaluable animal and its owner willprosecute the perpetrators vigorously.Democrats, Be Sure to Register.Democrats muit.be lure to registertoday to vote in the regular election inNovember. Polls open from 6 a. m.to 9 p. ra. The location of the v otingprecincts in the city of Paris are asfollows:Paris No. 1 Pleasant Street, between Second and Third streets.Paris No. 2 Louisville and Nashville Depot.Paris No. 3 Fire Engine HouBe.Paris No. 4 Rear Old Christianchurch, on High, between Eighth andNinth streets.Paris No. Seventh street.city lot.Paris No. 6 Adjoining BourbonCollege..-ICarpets and Rugs.Come to the carpet and rug store ifyou want something nice at reasonableprices. Large stock to select from.No shop worn patterns, all new.J. T. HINTON.Fall Display.Nov-" Of Art 'Embroidery and Fancyelties, Friday. October 4th.MISS JESSIE BROWN.Velour Hats for Fall.You'll see the genuine Velours here,all colors, $5 and $7.50.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Searching for Horse Thief.The police of Paris and Flemingsburg are m search of a man who a fewnights ago took from the farm of Col.E. F. Clay, on the Georgetown pike.. ahorse, but have been unsuccessful ihlocating the thief. Sunday, Col. Clay,accompanied by Patrolman Chas.Thomas and Mr. John Dotson, wentto Flemingsburg in search of the man,who was reported to be in tht section.Upon their arrival there they foundthat he had taken his departure, andwas said to be in the vicinity of Morehead. A member of the police forceof Flemingsburg, accompanied by Mr.Dotson, went to Morehead yesterday toaontinue the search while PatrolmanThomas and Col. Clay returned toParis.Special Prices on Rugs.We offer the following special priceson rugs this week:Special 9x12 Axminister rugs, only$16.50.Special. 9 by 12 Brussell rugs, only12.75.These are certainly bargains.spt 17-tf A. i?. WHEELER & CO.WhileNew Fall Goods,Having just returned from atour of the Eastern Markets weare in a position to show youthe very newest in Silks, Dressv Goods, Dress Trimmings, Laces,Lace Curtains, Neckwear andNovelties of every description.Come and help us make this aBanner Year. Your PatronageAppreciated.W. ED. TUCKER.I K9wk mm m.tumiucr 9 b IHereKrtrtAirFor the Little Girls.I am going to offer the best FiveDollar Doll in the world. Now on display. MISS JESSIE BROWN.InsureMcClureT. Phone72.your tobacco with& Clendenin. E.235. Home PhoneFOR SALE.KODAKS $5 up.BROWNIECAMERAS,(Almost Kodaks)$1.00 to $12.00.One handsome dining table, MajesticRange in good repair. Will sell privately. Call at residence next to traction office.IMRS. LAURA PERRY.nminftnrfnllrnn "iijiiiiiiiriiii niuv ehi iiiiiiii iiiii in iiiiiii &.uuuyiuiiymuu e8THE FAIR!For Friday Only,Heavy Galvanized Coal Buckets 23c.Nickel Plated Stove Pokers 5c.lOCvFire Shovels, each 5c.Window Glass, size 8x10, 3c.Salt Boxes, hole for hanging,10c.Gas Chimneys, 10c.Gas Mantels, a good one, 7c.Table Oil Cloth, best quality,a yard 19c.Brooms, heavy 4-tie, each 24c,worth 30c.Building Paper, 25 yards in aroll, 98c.Window Shades, all linen, 19c.THE FAIR.9MwmmmmmimmmmmmiwmmmammSome Good Things to Eat.Saratoga Chips,Always Fresh and Crisp.Old New York Cream Cheese.Made From Pull Cream and Thoroughly Aged.Imported Swiss Cheese.Wc Pride Ourselves on its Quality.Franco- Americam, Campbells,and VanCamp's Soups; Chase &Sanborn's Famous Boston Coffee.We are the exclusive selling agents for this celebratedline of Fine Teas and Coffees.?1j23The Home of Good Things to Eat&ir8I WeaCordiallyInviteYou toOpenAn AccountWithBourbon Bank &Trust Co.Paris, - - Kentucky.Capital 100,000.00Surplus Profits 50,000.00We will appreciate your business and favor you in every waypossibe.Try a Savings Account3 per cent Interest,Compounded,4mf-Anrma!fI - I'mejDea r Clmy:-jDo yoxi AememlreA iihen yoxxo kelp 4eiee ho6e leaheAeoxteA.? Weil. i i.6woAn, and &a&y John kicking. oveA 'hem aS heha.6 done. oP'd advise yo-u fAom my eiLpeAienee oirxty eaheA ehaiAA urhen yoii need neiis one6. ' .oJhe-u are ai-so he uio6 comoAaire jand hand-some looking..Vo-aA r-ae friend, '(P. &,-Und when yo-u xnxy tfiem, AememireA tfte,place o ae hem. jl4 w-wen wihehaiAS and haa iirondeA hour rise!! he haverjrrroJ. T. HINTON.. $St tW V!2f1'j,:of r. muidctcus assau't.were accepted.wmmlIt-!vr.IVTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCTOBER 1 , 1912MMMHHBI.0i'H,ll,'(( Mk.?rIrL.V v -t110 Cents A Pay117E are bound and determined that every family in thiscommunity shall know, from experience, as we do,that the very foundation and basis of home happiness is agood stove or range.THOUSANDS of families are in bad health from eating poorly-cooked food, othersfrom living in rooms which are not properly heated and ventilated.YE believe our general business will more than double as soon as we make it knownthat our goods are the best and most dependable that can be had. So we aregoing to inaugurate a sale of the largest and best line of stoves and ranges in the worldupon a basis that will at once place a ''Buck's" range or stove of some kind with everyfamily no matter what it costs us to do it. Here is the opportunity of a lifetime. Ifyou don't take advantage of it, you alone are to blame.OUR OFFER10 CENTS A DAYQOME'to our store'and select any "BUCK'S" range or stove there. No matter whatroom injthe house you want it for no matter what fuel you want to burn (gas,coal or wood), no matter what price you want to pay, WE HAVE IT.YU may have one of these most durable, fuel-saving cookers or heaters set up in yourhouse and guaranteed by us, and the makers, upon the payment of10 Cents a DayWe know thatBuck's Stoves& Ranges areby far the best ' goodsof their kind in theworld, and that theyare not only the bestbakers and heaters, butthat they will outlastany other kind andsave their cost in theamount of fuel saved.This wonderfulsale and opportunity will onlylast until our presentspecial arrangementwith the manufacturers are completed, somake your selection atonce.Just Think of It: Only 10c a Day.A. T. WHEELER FURNITURE COOpposite Court House-Explanation of Dreams.Dr. Freud says that every dream-can be taken to pieces for investigation. The dream is not really continuous. It consists of a series of groupscentering about what he terms"knots," and by investigating the association of these dream-knots withone's normal life he will, learn thatthe dream was based on a- wish or onwishes, some of which may be soTague that he was hardly aware ofikem.Putting His Foot In It.The Woman "My husband Is fortytoday. You'd never believe that thereif actually ten years difference in ourAges." The Man "Why, no, indeed.I'm sure you look every bit as youngju he does."Nineteen Miles a Secondwithout a jar. shock or disturbance, isthe awful speed of our earth throughspace. We wonder at auch ease of nature's movement, and so do those v-hotake Dr. King's New Life Pills. No.griping, no distress, just thorough workthat brings good health and fine feelings. 25 cents at Oberdorfer's.Row's This?We offer one Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.F. J. Chenpy & Co., Toledo, 0.We. the undersi&ned, have known bJ. Cheney for the last 15 years and believe him perfectly honorable in allbusiness transactions and financiallyable to carry out anv obligations madeby his firm.NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE,Toledo O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Pi ice 75 centsper bottle. Sold by all druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.Cat Mothers Young Rabbits.A cat at Hayburn Wyke hotel, nearScarborough, England, is motheringfive wild young rabbits together withone of her kittens. The nest of rabbits was found by some men whowere digging. They were taken tothe hotel, where the cat at onceadopted them, all her kittens havingbeen drowned except one.Few, if any. medicines, have metwith the uniform success that has attended the use of Chamberlain's Colic,Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedv. Theremarkable cures of colic and diarrhoeawhich it has effected in almost everyneighborhood have given it a ide reputation. For sale by all dealers.Not a Practical Man.'A little lad was found on the streetcrying very bitterly because his cartwas broken. The kindly disposedstranger endeavored to cheer up thelittle fellow by saying: "Never mind,my boy, your father can easily mendthat." "No he can't," sobbed the boy."My father is a preacher, and don'tknow about anything"NOTICE.All persons having claims againstthe estate of C. R. Harris, deceased,are hereby notified to present sameproperly proven according to law tome at North Miaaietown, Ay., on orbefore October 15, 1912.MRS. NETTIE MAY HARRIS,13 6t . , Adimnistrator.Executor's Notice ! IN MAMMOUTH CAVE.All persons having claims againstthe estate of the late I. b Chanslorare requested to present same provenaccording to law to the undersignedexecutor for payment, and all 'thoseknowing themselves r indebted to theestate ot the'deceased are requested tocall or mail, a remittance to the undersiened. J. C. JEFFERSON,Extr. I. F. Chanslor,20 3t " Millersburg, Ky.Jlnnk LanghornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Good building lot on west side ofSouth High Btreet, fronting on High50 feet and extending back 149 feet.This lot 8 a most desirable locationnnrl nnp nf fVm tmaf Km'Uinr. i :I Work done promptly and satisfaction ' this section of the city. For furtherguaranteed., . miormaiion, termp.jetc, appiv toFRANK EURTON,The Dry Fall Outing to Kentucky's Great SubteraneanWonder, or 200 Miles Under Ground Wed. Oct. 1 6.Arranged for private and selectparties and their visitors. River low,echo grand, cave dry. The time tosee Mammoth Cave when at its best.Round trip railroad fare 5.65 fromParis and all way stations on regulartrain 7:38 a. m. Board at Cave Hotelfrom arrival for supper until afterbreakfast morning third day, also including the two trips through thecave for $6.50. Limit on tickets '10days.Write or phone L. & N. Agent.For Sale Privately.Hot and ColdBATHSHot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits You are next.M. A. KAHAL.NOTICE !angl6tfEast Tenn. Phoe 669 1 24-3-tpd188 Seventh street.All persons holding nlaimH noa?nofcJulia Frank, deceased, aiegherebynotified to present the same, provenas required by the law to the undersigned. All persons indebted to the saidJulia Frank, deceased, are requestedto call and settle same with undersigned.CARRrR FRANK,HELEN FRANK,Executrix?,VJ,-r, w2-3wks;the bourbon news, paris, Kentucky, October i, 1912LexingtonMilitaryBandandOrchestra112 West Main St.LEXINGTON, KY.Music For All OccasionsTELEPHONES: New1S5 and 638; Old,221.Only such music willfoe supplied as will bea pleasure to our patrons and a credit tothe organization.START NOWSusceptibility to colds, sorethroats, tonsilitis and such, indicate impoverished vitality lackof reserve strength to weatherchanging seasons.A spoonful of SCOTT'S EMULSION after each meal startshealthy body-action like a smallmatch kindles a great fire andmore: it makes rich, healthy,active blood fortifies the tissuesand stimulates the appetite itmakes sound body-strength.SCOTT'S EMULSION is thepurest cod liver oil, made creamlike and palatable without alcohol or drug the quintessenceof purity.Reject imitations they are impostors for profit.Scott & Bowne, Bloonifield. N.J. 12-5SCENTER OF DRUM INDUSTRYPOPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKYSUNDAY,Oct. 6ZOc.RoundTrip75RoundTrip5 Ssc the Famous High Bridge BAND CONCERT, High Bridge Park, (Popular Airs.)g Tickets sold ai Q. EO RG ETOWN 2od only on Special Train leaving at 10.50 aim$ For Full Information Call On Any Ticket Agent, Or Address6 H. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent,iO 101 E. Main St. Phoned LEXINGTON, KY.&5Department StoreCor. 7th and MainMmm -U jikjit "vavfow' jiQH'XUSTASlzSPECIALPries This WeekExtra FiLROYACORSETSizesAll LengthsmCall in andExamine Them.PARIS,KENTUCKY.cUrta -JnIHI fei7ISraEtfvBrThe LatestThing finfStovesFor'a'midnlgKt supper, as for any other meal at anyrfhr hmp. ine veivicttcai uuuk xu, jww - w.v- .. - J- -that stove-artists can ao is aIt Burns OilNo AshesIt Concentrates HeatNo WasteItis HandyVa n;fIt is Ready- JVb DelayHew JteiJBcicflfeOil CR-StVeft concentrates the heat when you want itand where you want it. It is as auick as gas,steadier and handier than coal, cheaper thanelectricity. . . . t ,LThe New Perfection Stove has long, enameiea.LThe New Perfection Store nas long, enamewa,tarquobe-blue chimneys. It is handjomely finishedin nickel, with cabinet top, drop shelves, towelracb,etc Made with 1 , 2 or 3 burners.All dealers carry the New Perfection Stove.tAnr, in anvone sending 5 cents to cover maxims cotf.STANDARD OIL COMPANYI ,-..1 lr ITontncIcvlCovfarfon. Ky Lcmkvffle. Ky AtkaU, G4 Binniagham, Ala.; and Jcbovffle, FIsu"HMassachusetts Town From Which Instruments Are Turned Out byHundred Thousand Yearly.The town of Granville, Mass., sendsout nearly half a million toy drumsevery year. It is no wonder thatGranville lads, however soldierly,care nothing about drums, for theyare too old a story.As in other businesses, there is aconstant demand for new models anddesigns, and a popular drum of todaymay find no sale tomorrow.A unique drum made a number ofyears ago has never been duplicated.It was made for advertising purposes,and the hoops were eight feet in diameter. A search, was made all about Granville for the biggest cattle, and awhole hide was used for a head. Before the drum was put together ahorse was driven through the barrel,30 that an idea of its size can beobtained.The "drumsticks" were small telegraph poles." The drum was takento Boston and exhibited. The building in which it was displayed collapsed, however, and the huge drumwas ruined. But its memory stilllives in Granville and has become atradition of the place.A peculiar feature in connectionwith J -hipped to the Pa-the heads, which-ind the dampnessand neat or a tropical sea voyage, aresent across the country by rail.When the parts arrive they are setup again, and the drums are ready forsale. The drums are first put together before leaving the factory, and1each part fitted, so that the reassembling is an easy matter.The process of making drums reveals the same minute subdivision oflabor that is shown in all modernmanufacturing. How minute this ismaybe shown by the fact that a singleworkman is able to turn out morethan 2,000 pieces a day of some ofthe parts. The making of the headsis an interesting process.The sheepskins arrive in a partially dressed state, and are at oncescraped and dried. Cutters are putto work and circular pieces cut out.Part of the waste is used in making snaredrums and the rest isshipped to the glue factory. The finerdrumheads are made of calfskin,stretched and dried by a special process. The wooden barrel of the drum ismade' by a machine, which takes a logof wood and peels from it, somewhatas a skin is peeled from an apple.The implicit confidence that manypeople have in Chamberlain's Colic,Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy isfounded on their experience in theuseof that remedy and their knowledge ofthe manv remarkab'e cures of colic,diarrhoea and dysentery that it haseffected. For sale by all dealers.NOTICE.I have just secured a new barberfrom Chicago and am prepared to givethe public first class service. Give mea call. Shop is equipped with electricfans to keep you cool. Three firstclass barbers. My bath tubs are alwavs"ready. au"g2tf BUCK FREEMAN.KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."Hourly High Speed ThroughService.ParisLexington FrankfortDivision.Gave Up Hope"I suffered five years, with awful pains, due to womanly troubles," writes Mrs. M. D. McPherson, from Chadbourn, N. C. "They grew worse, till I would often faintI could not walk at all, and I had an awful hurting in myside; also a headache and a backache.I gave up and thought I would die, but my husbandurged me to try Cardui, so, I began, and the first bottlehelped me. By the time the third bottle was used, I coulddo all my work. All the people around here said I woulddie, but Cardui relieved me."CARDU I Woman! TonicFor more than 50 years, Cardui -has been relievingwoman's sufferings, and making weak women strong andwell. During this time, thousands of women have written,like Mrs. McPherson, to tell of the really surprising resultsthey obtained by the use of this purely vegetable, tonicremedy for women.Cardui strengthens, builds, restores, and relieves or prevents unnecessary pain and suffering from womanly troubles.If you are a woman, begin taking Cardui, today.for Special Instructions, and 64-page book, "Home Treatment for Women." sent free. J 4$One Who Never Has a Holiday.When everyone is getting ready totake a summer outing which shall befree from cares and bothers, or atany rate from the bothers they areaccustomed toH we must all beholdwith dismay the prospect of the mother of a family who, when she setsout,takes all her cares with her and generally collects a few extra ones by thevery fact of going away.Recently a young mother, having herchildren and nurses with her, arrivedon a salubrious mountain peak, onlyto succumb entirely and He on a sofafor a fortnight.And even this unfortunate ladywas spared the bother of keepinghouse, which is the fate of all thosewho hire other people's countryhouses or who go into expensive apartments by the sea. It is safe to saythat no man would set out on a holi-j day with the prospect in store of doing precisely the same kind of workwhich he had to do in all the othermonths. Mothers, indeed, should becarefully placed in comfortable inns,or on board ship, or on inaccessibleislands, there to recover at leisurefrom the anxieties of the rest of theyear.Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort eery hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m.,and at 10 p. m.. the last car going onlyas far as VersaillesCars leave Lexington for Versailles.Frankfort and Paris, every hour from6 a. in. until 7 p. m, and at 9 andll d.m., the last car going only as far asVersailles.Cars leave Versailles Jfor Lexingtonand Paris every 15 minutes after thehour from 6:15 a. m. until 8:15 p. m.and at 11 :15 p. m.. last car going onlyas far as Lexngton.Cars leave Versailles for Frankforteverv 45 minutes after the hour from6:45 a. m. until 7:45 p. m., and at 9:45p. m.Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington and Paris every thirty minutes after the hour from 6 :30 a. m.until 7:30 p. m., and 10:30 p . m.. thelast car going only as far as Lexington.GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTON-NICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexington and Nicholasville :every forty-fiveminutes after the honr from 5 :45 a. m.until 6:45 p. m., and at 8:05 and 10:05d. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville every thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 p. m.,and at 9 and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville tor Lexington every fifteen minutes'after the hourfrom 6:15 a. m. until 8:15 D.m. and 3 a10 :15 p.Tm.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetown every hour on the hour from 6a. m. until 7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p.m.No 6 a. m. cars on. Sunday .17-tfBilleted Himself on Society."I haven't done any work, and Idon't intend ever to do any more.They have had the best of my days Inprison, and they will have to keep mefor the rest of my life," said a burglarat the London sessions. 'f She Knew.He It Is wonderful what meanthings you girls can say to each other.She Well, you'd, say mean things tooif you were a girl and knew all thother girls were saying mean, thingsabout you.J Bourbon Laundry JD.WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Street.flb1We Take Pleasure.WItin coiner up the finest shirtwaists or anything in the cjjjmade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fov fine work and itdever goes bBck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatee.Medicine Dropper.Medicine so strong that a dose mustbe limited to seven drops had beenprescribed for the man with unsteadyhands. His family also had shakyhands, and as there wa$ no medicinedropper in the house it looked as ifsomebody would have to take a midnight trip to the drug store. But avisiting relative that they had put upfor the night suggested an alternative. "Take the half of that raw eggshellraw, mind you; cooked eggshell istoo brittle and crumbles too easilythat I saw lying on a saucer in thecupboard, drill a hole in it the size ofa pinhead, and let the medicine tricklethrough that. It will be sure to fallout in drops of the required size, andyou couldn't make a mistake if youwanted, to."Bourbon Laundry,Iv Paris Kentucky.Best m ITo Comfort and Relieve."Yes," said Mrs. McKabe, in tellingof an illness from which her husbandhad just recovered, "Dan was awfulbad! Me and him both thought hewas going to die. He was just scaredstiff! After the doctor had been andwent the first time he sayfa to me,'Mamie,' he says, 'what does the doctor think about my case?' and ofcourse the most comfort I could givehim was to tell him the doctor saidhe had typhoid fever, and that he wasa very, very sick man. I never wantto see him suffer like he done for tendays aflfer that. The only relief hegot was when the doctor give him epidemics of morphine!"You Want theMot the CheapestAnother Notifying Committee."Well, sir," said the fair maiden'sfather when the young man had beenushered into the private office; "whatis your business with me?""I have been appointed to serve as acommittee of one to notify you thatyotl aye. been nominated to becomeFlanders "20" Roadster, $750Don't be alarmed if somebody tells you you can buy an automobilefor less money than the $750 Studebaker-Flanders "20." You can, butyou better not. The Flanders "20" corresponds point by point with thebest and highest priced cars sold. Cneaper cars at every vital point arebuilt on ideas long ago discarded for good cars. Don't take our word forit. Make comparisons and see.The Studebaker-Flanders "20" is a marvel a high grade modern carat a low-price. If you cay less you buy much less. And the cheaper cartoday will cost you far more in the long run. The competing car isn tsold which the Studebaker Corporation, the greatest automobile manufacturers in the world, couldn't reproduce for less money; but we won tbuild a cheap car, because the name "Studebaker" means the best foryour money.If you are content with a car that runs today and dies tomorrow,don't buy the $750 Flanders "20." It will wear for years. Rememberthis the Studebaker-Flanders "20" will outwear 2 to 1 any other carunder $1100 and give you double satisfaction, confidence and comfortinto the bargain.Ye can prcve iiScr.d for ncv) catalogueThe Stedebalier CorporationDetroit- Mich.gonrboif Garage & Supply CDmpiny.5 glsftriBMfa!gaaaSg2BBgfeSI fa. i- 'j K.THE: BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCTOBER lr 192GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAT137; NIGHT 899.r(Zhe Borne of Correct Tootwear'DAN COHEN!THEI SCHOOLSAREOPENILet the childreh start right witha pair of good, up-to-date servicable Shoes. Our great purchase ofFall stocks assures you of a choiceselection of snappy, upto-the-minute footwear that will stand therough wear at prices ofOne-Third LessTheir Real Values!We have a large assortment ofhigh top and regular cut Shoes inall leathers and in all popularstyles, whether for school, dress orwork.Fall GoodsCrowding Us ForI Room !This week we will clean out allI remaining Summer Shoes and Ox-cjtficira Yvnue i ntsy i-cisc$3.00 and $3.50 Ladies' WhiteShoes and Pumps, now.Ladies' $2.00 White Two-strapPumps, nowMisses' and Children's durable Kid Button Shoes, specialA round-up of all odds and ends of Ladies'Oxrords, $2 and $2.50 values, now(Sizes 2 1-2 to 4 1-2)Advance Fall Special Men's high-gradefootwear, including ail the advance styles this Fall in Tan, Gun ffi tfCkMetal and Patent, a great value. ... ie r 57DAIN COHEN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky. 1$1.99S1.2499c45cMILLERSBURO ITEMS.Born, last week to Mr. and Mrs. J.G. Arthur a daughter.The suits and hats for the cadets ofM. M. I. arrived Friday.Miss Patty Hunter, of Washington,is the guest of her sister, Mrs. A. S.Best.Miss Maude Kerr, of Carlisle, wasthe guest of her cousin, Miss HazelKerr, from Saturday until Monday.Mr. G. Yf. Bramblette who has beenconnfied to his room tor several dayswith gall stones, is able to be outagain.Mr. J. G. Clifford and family movedFriday from the property of Mr. G. S.Jones to that of Mr. John Auxier inJudyville. a". Mr. and Mrs. William McNamaraand little daughter, of Wisconsin, areguests of his sister, Mrs, KatherineCarpenter.Mesdames J. Morgan Brown, ofParis, and Thos. Conway, of Chicago,111., were guests of Miss Anna Conway Friday.A faculty recital of the M. F. C.will take place Friday at 7 p. m. inthe college chapel. " All friends arecordially invited.The boarding department of the M.F. C. is entirely full and Dr. Fisherwas compelled to turn away tour applications Thursday.Mr. W. E. Collier and little son.James, were guests of Mrs. Griffithand family, of Payne's Depot, fromSaturday until Monday.Fay Bros., contractors, are movingthe house recently purchased from theL. & N. on the lot on Railroad streetto the lot on .Trigg avenue.Mr. C. B. Bastin, of Lancaster, hasaccepted a position as local managerof the Bourbon Home Telephone Co.,and entered on bis duties Thursday.Mrs. L. R. Rodgers, of Cane Ridge,is visiting her i father, Mr. J. G. Allen, wbile Mr. and Mrs. -S. M. Allenare spending a week at West BadenSprings.Ex-Cadet Jeff Harris, of Noland, W.Va., was the guest of Miss LeuciaButler from Friday until Monday. Mr.Harris has entered tne state University at Lexington.The firm of Butler & Sheeler has securedthe conttac: to rebuild the storerooms and residence flat which was recently burned on Fifth street on thesite of Mrs. Sue Sandusky.The following teachers from hereare attending the Bourbon CountyTeachers Institute which is in sessionat Paris this week : Mrs. Anna Doty,MisseB Drusie Elliott, Hazel Kerr,Nannie Clark, Kizzie Mae McDanieland Ruth Stirman.Realizing the great advantage incompeting with neighboring firms,Peale Collier & Co., and Butler &Miller, both doing a business of coal,lumber, far.ni implements, buggies,wool, hay and grain, have decidedupon a merger to take place October1. The members of the new firm willbe Peale Collier, W. A. Butler andAlex S. Miller, and will be known 'asthe Millersburg Coal and Lumber Co.The afternoon session of the Ebenezer Presbytery convened at 2 p. m.Thursday with Rev. E. M. Moore, ofCovington, in the chair. There wasbut little doing of public interest asthe session was largely taken up withhearing reports and forming committees. The question of dissolving therelationship between Mr. Cowan andthe Augusta church created considerable interests there was considerableopposition to the dissolution. However the motion was finally out andthe relationship dissolved. The Dr.made quite a touching little addess.Rev. Ericson was'appointed as commissioner to the general assembly whichconvenes at Atlanta. Ga., next Maywith Mr. I. L. Pyle, of Vanceburg, asRuling Elder, and Mr. Hilner of Augusta, as alternate. A vote of thankswas extended to Rev. R. S. Sandersand the congregation of the Millersburg church for the magnificent entertainment of the Prebsytery during thesession here. The same was orderedto be read byjjRev. Sanders to his congregation Sunday morning. The timeand place for the next meeting of thePresbytery will be arranged later.After prayer by Hon. Benn, of Maysville. the Presbvtery adjourned, mostof the delegates leaving for theirhomes on the late afternoon and evening trains.The farm, slock, crops and all personalityjof the late Mr. I. Jb". ChanslorWas sold at public sale Saturday. Alarge crowd was present and everything brought good" prices. The salewas made up of the accumulations ofa life time'.and in many respects it wasa large one. The forenoon was takenup with the sale of household and farming utensils. Fourteen hogs sold atS8.80 per head, 2 sows and 10 pigs at528, 1 sow and 4 pies at $19, 1 sow and3 pigs at SI 1.25. 2 sows'and 12 pigs atS46, 15 shoats S4.20.ner head. 19 shoats$5 per head. 2 sows at $11 per head,6 sows at S14.0o per head. 2 hogs at58.40, 1 male hog" at $17, 4 male pigs55.25 each, 1 buck 54.60, 1 red steerS50.60, 1 roan steer 550, 1 red steer543.50, 1 black calf, 516.50, 1 red cow550, 1 Jersey cow, 556 with calf, 98bales of straw 55 cents per bale, 2ricks of timothy hay. 516 each, 1 rickof hay 510. 1C barrels of old corn ;at52.60 per barrel, new corn at 52.60 pershock, '1' work ahorse 580, 1 familymare 555. lfbrood mare 5215. In theearly afternoon the farmof 137 acreswas put up in two parcels hut failedto receive a bid and then as a whole.It waslbid to 5142 an acre. Justabout the time it reached this stage atelephone message was received to theeffect that a buyer was on the wayand asked that the sale be held up fora short time which was Jdune. Laterit was again offered and went to S149,50 an acre and was knocked off to Mr.Clarence Reese, of of Mayslick. Possession will be given for seeding atonce, the home will be given up December 1, and full possession givenMarch 1, 1913.To-day is Democratic registration-day. Register early.Carlisle Suffers Another fii FireFire which originated in the hardware store of Robert King in Carlisle,at 7 :30 o'clock last night, destroyedthe building and its contents togetherwith the grocery store of Ed Lawrencethe fruit store of Chas. Monson andthe livery stable of Jesse Ham.All of the buildings burned faced onMain street with the exception of theproperty of Mr. Ham. which was onthe rear of the King hardware establishment.'For a time it was thought the entirebusiness section on Main street wouldbe wiped out by the flames, as the firemen seemed powerless to check theprogress.Paris was appealed to for assistanceabout eight o'clock, and the engine,together with several hundred feet oihose, was about to be loaded on afreight car when a message was received that the fire was under control.The loss on the property it is saidapproximate 535,000, partly covered byinsurance.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES.The corn crop" in Boyle is one ofthe best raised in years and the farmers are delighted over the prolificyield. The acreage is somewhat larg.er than last year and the average yieldwill be from twelve to fifteen barrelsper acre. The tcbacco crop has aboutalTbeen cut.The County Farmers' Institute organizers will meet in Frankfort October 3. Three United States Argicultural Department farm demonstratorshave been assigned to Kentucky.Hardin county hasjraised the 5600 required and will get one of the demonstrators. E. R. Little, of Mt. Sterling, soldthe fast black pacing mare, VVyetta,last week to J. G. Cecil, of Danville,for 52,500. VVyetta is a daughter ofGambetta Wilkes and Credition 2:221-2. by Nuthurst 2:12, and a full sisterto the crack pacer, George Gano 2 :02and Credette 2 :05.Tuesday, October 29, has been fixed for the opening date for the sale ofloose leaf tobacco on the 'Lexingtonmarket. The date fixed for the opening of the market is-' at least onemonth earlier than that last year, dueto the early maturing of tobacco 'andfavorable weather for curing the crop,which has prevailed witli but littleintermission.Work is prorgessing rapidly on theimmense loose leaf house here for theCynthiana Tobacco Warehouse Company in North Main street. It will cover a space 118x282 feet, with a floorspace of 96x260 feet. The CynthianaTobacco Warehouse Company hasbought from the Farmers' TobaccoWarehouse Company and Luther Humphrey, two lots on the west side ofNorth Main street, on which will bebuilt two houses for prizing tdbacco.In the thousand'dollar saddle horsestake at the St. Louis Horse ShowThursday night. Mat S. Cohen wonfirst with Kentucky's Choice, theblack stallion owned by Mrs. Lowndes,of Danville, making the best show ofhis career. Fifth money was dividedbetween Mrs. Lowndes' chestnut mare,Mary Fox, and Gingerbread Man, ridden by Tom iJass. The judges wereC. F. Neagle, of Kentucky; MerrittMarshall, of St. Louis, and P. W.Hawkins, of Bowling Green, Mo.Montgomery County Votes Dry.In the local option election in Montgomery county under the new local option election law, the county went"dry" yesterday by a majority of 905.The city of Mt. Sterling went "wet"by a small majority, which was overcome by the vote of the county. Thegreatest excitement prevailed in thecity during the hours of the election.Women and children marched throughthe streets and prayer meetings, wereheld in every pecincfc in the county.The "wet" element took very littleinterest in the election, and in theface of the result will .carry a contestto the court.Mrs. Ashbrook Granted Divorce.A dispatch from Milwaukee Fridaysays: "Mrs. Margaret Isgrigg Ashbrook, formerly of Louisville, wasgranted a divorce from Cave S. Ashbrook, with 575 a month alimony, byJudge Fritz in Circuit Court today.Ashbrook did not appear to contest thesuit, whicb was brought on the groundof cruel treatment?"At a hearing Monday, Mrs. Ashbrouk testified that there was a tacitunderstanding with her husband thatthe action was not to be contested, asthey had discovered that they couldnot live in harmony, because they haddiscovered they were not true soulmates. She cited several cases of alleged violence on her husband's part,charging that once when thev missed acar at -the Public Service building hebecame provoked and struck her violently;with his traveling bag."They were married in Indianapolisin 1901. They ha,ve no children."List of Attractions at LexingtonOpera House.Manager Charles Scott, of the Lexington Opera House, has a splendidline of attractions for the coming season. Realizing that presidential election year is to a certain extent a badone theatrically, Manager Scott hasmade special efforts to procure thebest there will be on the road this sea-slon. That he has'succeeded i3 provenbv the following partial list of attractions which will be seen in Lexingtonduring the season :Geo. Evans' Minstrels. Nazimova,Passers Bv.The Old Homestead, TheWinter Garden Show, McFddden'sFlats, Mrae Sherry, Fiske O'Harra,O'Brien's Minstrels, Putting it Over,Within the Law. William H. Crane,Donald Brien, William Hodge, MaudeAdams, " The County SheriflL AbornGrarttl Opera Co., Keady MoneyBeauty Pulls the Strings, Everv Woman,Raymond HitchcocK, Mutt and Jeff,The Rose Maid, Margaret Illington,Robin Hood, The Fortune Hunter. TheEnchantress, The Pink Lady, JulianEl tinge, The Fascinating Widow, Sarah Belmont, The Bohemian Girl,Blanche Ring, Oliver Twist, all starciist, Brewster's Millions, PomanderWalk, The Littlest Rebel, John Drew,Vogel's Minsrtels, TheSping Maid, TheMorning After.An OrdinanceCreating a Board of Commissionersfor the W. W. Massie MemorialHospitalCity Hall, Paris, Ky., Sept. 26, 1912.Be it ordained by the Mayor andBoard of Council of the City of Paris,Ky., that a Board of Commissioners ishereby created to be known as theBoard of Control of the W. W. MassieHospital to manage and govern theHospital of that name now owned bythe.Citv of Paris. Said Board shall'consist of five members to be appointedby the Mayor by and with the consentof the Council, for a term of five yearsor until their successors are appointedand qualified, but provided that of themembers appointed during the year of1912 one Commissioner's term of officeshall expire in one year from date of hisappointment, one Commissioner's termof office shall expire in two years, oneCommissioner's term of office shall expire in three years, one Commissioner'sterm of office shall expire in four yearsand one Commissioner's term of officeshall expire in five years from date ofsaid appointment, and that the successors to each of the said Commissioners shall expire in five years fromthe date of his appointment. No person shall be appointed as a member ofthe Board who has not reached the ageof twenty-five years or who has notbeen a citizen of the City ofParis for the last three yearspreceeding his appointment. Beforeentering upon the discharge of his duties each Commissioner shall take theoath of office required by other CityOfficials and a record of which shallbe entered upon the minute book cf theBoard of Council, and he shall executea bond to the City of Pans in a penalsum of $100.00 for the faithful dischargeof his duties, which bend must be approved by the Mayor and filed in hisoffice. The Mayor may make removalsof the members of the Board forcause, to be stated in writing, and inany case of removal the Mayor shallsubmit the facts and reasons to theBoard of Council for its approval andthe said Board of Council shall havethe power to reinstate such personsremoved.OFFICERS OF THE BOARD REPORT. The Commissioners who shall be appointed and who shall qualify as aforesaid shall a3 soon as convenient thereafter meet and choose one of their number to be President of their Board toserve for the term of one year, and annually thereafter the President shall inlike manner be chosen. The duties ofthe President shall be the usual dudesincumbent upon such an office and suchas the Board may prescribe. Said Boardshall also elect a Secretary, who mayor may not be one of their number,whose duties shall be, in addition tokeeping an accurate and exact minutesof all meetings of the Board, to keep aset of books showing with accuracy thereceipts and expenditures of the Boardand shall preserve on file duplicatevouchers for all expenditures, whichbooks and vouchers shall at all timesbe subject to the examination of theMayor or any Committee of the Boardof Council authorized to make such examination, either by themselves orthrough an expert accountant dulychosen, and shall, together with theBoard of Commissioners, at the end ofeach fiscal year prepare and submit tothe Board of Council a full and detailedreport and statement of all the actsand doings of the Board for the preceeding year, together with1, a complete and itemized account of all receipts and disbursements of money, together with such information as ' theBoard deems proper and necessary forthe benefit of said Hospital and thegeneral public.The Board shall elect its own Treasurer and certify the said election to theBoard of Council and the Board ofCouncil shall fix the bond of said Treasurer in a penal sum to be approved bythe said Board of Council. Said Treasurer will take the oath and executebond to the City of Paris, for the faithful discharge of his duties, which bondshall be approved by the Mayor andfiled in his office. The said Treasurerto keep a distinct account of all moneysbelonging to and all moneys which maybe hereafter dedicated to or set apartfor said Hospital purposes, and shallonly pay out or deliver any of the saidfunds upon the warrant of the saidBoard, countersigned by the Secretary,and approved by the presiding officerof the said Board, and shall performsuch other duties as may be prescribedby said Board,DUTIES:The Board of Control shall keep arecord of all their proceedings, which,together with the books of the Secretary and other officials of the Hospitaland all of the books and papers of theInstitution, shall be open to the inspection of any of the Commissioners andthe Mayor or any committee of theCouncil or any person appointed eitherby the Mayor or the Board of Council,for their examination. The Board ofControl shall have full charge of all thebuildings and the furniture of the Institution, and have the same insured.The said Board of Control at all timesshall have full power to inquire into andexamine and make rules lor the government and management of said Hospital and the inmates thereof, and theofficial conduct of the officers and employees of the same; and for that reason, shall have free access to thegrounds, buildings and all books andpapers relating to said hospital, and allpersons now and hereafter in any manner connected with the same, are hereby directed and required, to give suchinformation as may afford such facilities for inspection as such Board ofouncil may require. The Board ofControl shall prescribe rules and regulations for the government of saidHospitalJ for the preservation of thebuilding3 and the grounds, and suchrules and regulations as prescribedshall be faithfully observed by all ofthe officers and employees of said Hospital. Said Board shall have full power to appoint and to engage all the officers and employees of said Hospital,and to discharge the same at any timethey may decide to dispense with theirservices. Said Board shall have fullpower to expend at their discretion any-surplus standing to the credit of saidInstitution from time to time, for thepurpose of carrying on said Hospitaland shall prescribe the rates for thecare of patients in said Hospital, andshall have full power to collect themoneys due for the same.J. T. HINTON, Mayor.Attest: J. W. Hayden, Clerk.GENERAL NEWS.One man was killed and two otherswere wounded in Augusta, Ga., Fridaywhen they crossed the "dead line" established by the State Militia guarding street railway property.The New York Republican convention nominated Job E. Hedges, a NewYork attorney, for Governor in thefirst convention in many years thathas not had a prearranged slate.Indications are that Uhe Democratsare sure to swing Missouri back intothe solid South again this fall for thefirst time in eight years.Charles and James Smith, twin negroes, were electrocuted in the Eddvville prison for the murder ot an agedman at Maysville.The Court of Appeals Friday decidedin the case of the Inter-Southern LifeInsurance Company that Louisville,and not Prospect, was its homeAttractions Booked for the ParisGrand.The management of the Paris Grandpromises the theatre-going people ofthis citythe best class of attractionsthat have played here in xears. Thefollowing attractions are booked to appear here thh season:Madam Sherry.Within The Law.Readv Money.Al G. Fields.Mutt & Jeff.-Putting It Over. "The Country Sheriff.Margaret Illington.The Aharn Grand Opera.Bewster's Millions.Vogel Big City Minstrels.The Shephard ot The Hills.Lyman Howe.Over Nipcht.Baby Mine.Bought and Paid For.All the above shows are pouducen bythe leading theatrical managers ofNew York and Chicago, and this factguarantees the productions to be firstclass in every respect. The management of this theatre have gone to agreat expense to secure these attractions, having made a guarantee to several , and therefore it depends, exclusively on the people of "Paris' as towhether thev wish this class of show3to appear in this city. The publicmay "rest assured that they will notpay 51.50 for a fifty ceut show.per fJH!cent. $1,000 to $100,000W. KING & SON,125 Cheapslde. Lexington, Ky.FOR SALE.Oliver typewriter ; used very littleand good as new. Will offer this machine a a bargain if taken at qjice.Call over either phone No. 64.44Roxie" Davis !Cbe Insurance flgenfLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies,Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137Sam'l Eerslake& Son,Paris, - Kentucky.Horse Shoeing,Machine Shop.Automobile Repairinga Specialty.Faris Dairy.FARIS, Proprietor.Jersey Milk, Creamand ButterPromptly DeliveredINignt and MorningEafc Tennessee Phone f8Home Phone 98