tTHE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARn?VOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1912mitwwftftftft-fsftmmxm!4KKSIEast Tcnn. Phone 288 Home Phone 130 IWhere Quality Counts inSterling SilverWeight, Fineness, Durability,FinishOur display of Sterling Silver is the largest,finest, and more complete than ever shownin Paris. Goods of Quality only pleasingto the eye ornamental to the home practical for service.Zrrices the Very jCowestWe Cordially Invite Your Inspection of Our Displayof Sterling Wares, Novelties and NewFall Styles in Jewelry.IKThe House of QualitySHIRE & FITHIAN.JiT"""r'tS'l''Be ProgressiveW R.Tr PoTriMflp ooK I'fiVvi lLvrr3kiiet-J y X C4V JLX2 sdOXA fX KJX XJL VSV'V'JL 1UivizAfter Reading These Prices, ConsultYour Last Bills and See Where YouCan Save One-Third of Your PastLiving Expenses. ::::;::17-lbs. Eastern Granulated Sugar $1.008 Bars Lenox Soap 25c6 Bars Octagon Soap 25c6 Bars Clean-Easy Soap 2ocOld Reliable Coffee, per lb 30cSilver Seal Coffee, per lb 30cGood bulk Coffee, Santo's, per lb 25cFancy Dried Peaches, per lb 12 l-2cChoice Dried Peaches, per lb 10cBulk Mince Meat, per lb 10cPackage Mince Meat, per lb 8 l-3c,Navy Beans, per lb 6cKidney Beans, per lb 8cMixed Beans, per lb 5cCracked Homney, per lb -, 3cWe Guarantee Weight and Quality.BLUSz R-BBON FLOUR25-lb Sack SOc5Q-G& Sack $ 1 .55lOO-SSb Sack $3.1 ONIHAIN,Cash Grocery.vi(US4SBEST ME OFFERCLOSES TO-NIGHTAT 9 O'CLOCK10,000 Extra Votes Given onEvery Dollar's Worth of Subscription Turned In Before 9O'Clock To-night This isGuaranteed to Be Th. Biggestand Best Offer of the Contest,So Turn In Every SubscriptionYou Can Possibly Get BeforeThe Closing Hour.VOTE FOR YOUR 'FAVORITE'Friends, Stop In Before 9 p. m.To-Day, Subscribe and GiveThe Votes to Your Favorite.i T. C. LlV t v m- -wCash Grocery. WjL Both Phones 234 $liiiiiiiwi.u 3N-:lJlMmMlvmmmsLwmkmmwmwmmmGet What You Pay ForyTRAGQOnedBAa:SwaSgSiffl!mmmsm' Getting what you 3&mkpay for, in style, fit, gfgfequality ana sausi acuuntha's a job that's notalways easy when youstart out to buy Boy'sClothes.Get Your Next Boy'sSuit Here-Learn whatit means to patronize astore that sells satisfaction. You'll discover thatthere's no store that considers i t s customer'sprofit first, that gives allyou pay for.Boy's Suits, Ages7 to 17$5 to $10IPmmlimS&sfi6E & 60. Clothierand FurnishersemIPTMgJmmi?XZ2SWE GUARANTEEThat the big: vote inducement,giving I0,0u0 extra votes on everydollar's worth of subscription thatis turned in before 9 o'clock. Tuesday night, Nov. 5, is positively thebiggeso ahd best vote offer of thecontest.That your subscriptions willbring more votes today than atany future time during the contestand that this big vote offer willclose promptly at 9 o'clock, Tuesday night, Nov. 5.That if you hold back your subscriptions with the expectation ofgetting a bigger offer that you areare going to be badly disappointedfor there will never be as big a voteoffer made at any time during thecontest. After Nov. 5 the voteschedule will take a big drop andyou will receive less votes duringthe remainder of the contest.That every contestant who is inthe race or who is about to enterwill receive an absolutely squareand fair deal, a fair count and impartial treatment.SWIFT CHAMP,Publisher.W. C. POTTS,Campaign Manager.Subscribed and sworn to beforeme this second day of November,1912.C. K. THOMAS.Notary Public.My commission expires January17, 1914.r"WE KNOW HOW"ifft9wCLOTHESYou're GladTo WearClothes that look good when you buy themand look equally good after you've worn them.Clothes that are smart in style, out ftomworthy fabricsThat's What WeOffer YouLarge assortment of Overcoats and RaincoatsFor Your Inspection.Stetson, Korrect Shape and Dr. Reed'sCushion Sole Shoes.H?Mitchell & Blakemore,IOutfitters to MienParis, Kentucky:f'lVWf.'xS MEllIllIIIllllIlimillUTrm lII!IIIll!IIIIIIIIIIll!IIIIIII!IllIl!!Ii!lII!IIIiUIlIllIIIIIIIIIIIi!IIl!IlIUJMI!l!IIlIIIIllllllIIIlI!inilrtFRANK & COSThe Store Where Reliability Reigns. 1A I'S?MRS. WM. FARIS.District No. 2.A most popular and energetic candidate who is working hard to win. Mrs.Faris has hosts of friends who are helping her in the big race.Tonight at 9 o'clock the big 10,009vote nonus offer the biggest and bestoffer of the contest will come to aclose. Those!who fail. to take advantage of this big vote inducement arejeopardizing theireChanoes of winninga prize in this big race. Also thosewho hold back their subscriptionswith the expectation of getting a bigger vote offer are going to be greatlydisapoointed for there will be no better offer made. This is guaranteed sothere is nothing to be gained bv holding back the subscriptions, and on theother hand there will be a great dealto lose for the vote schedule is goingto take a big drop after today.Promptly at 9 o'clock tonight thedoors of the office will be closed andno one will be allowed to enter afterthat hour and turn in subscriptions toapply on this big offer. Subscriptionswill be accepted by all those who arein the office by that time, but if youcome after that time you will be unable to take advantage of the big voteoffer." Subscriptions sent by mail willbe accepted and counted undei thisoffer if the envelope is postmarked notlater than 9 p. m. Tuesday, November5. Under this arrangement the contestants living outside of the city willhave the same chance to make "theirsubscriptions brings the bonus vote.A one yeFr subscription now brings21,800 votes where betore it onlybrought 1,800 votes; a two year sub-(Continued on Pago7? rra Qrmni a 7 $2S Suits-W $35 and 40AJLLJLcL VD JC'IsJLcLjL Suit in our stock of regular sizeshas been reduced to $25 to meet the popular demand for aHigh-Grade Suit at $25.00No Extra Charge for AlterationZ22Ei3w53a.Special Showingr armOI jLadies' Blue Serge Tailored SuitsValues That Are SeldonvEqualedAnd Never ExcelledPrices $15, $20, '2SThe Suits at Each of the Mentioned Prices Were Purchasedby us With the Idea of Giving Our Customerslhe JHVery Best Value For Their Money OurProfits Are Legitimate Only No FancyPrices, no Fancy Profit Come insand Examine These Suits IfYou Do Not Want a Blue5SMK3SSSZ'ti:&2CKWe Have Plenty of Other Colors and J Materials hh&9iiiiiiiiuiiuiiiuiiinijiiinio.KJiiiiiiiiiiiirainiiniiiiiii iiMjmmmiiuuuuinuiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuKiuwwptrmiiiiitMiituiimitommm&mmmmmmmMagmii&iirtiHSfft"iir-"-im itjfejMrfu-1 ;'it.JtttAI .-:h.v 254 ---Jf sit-j.-i." . i. J -x'irfj, l--YTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOVEMBER 5, 1912IiJOHN MUCK'SCELEBRATEDDRAUGHT BEERALWAYS ON TAPAll Brands of Bottled in Bond Goods.Private stock Whiskies, 8-year-old, 1 1 0Proof, $1 .OO per Quart.Bennie Weissbergrmmmammwamwmwmmmammk"vr m mmmmmMmi-- w h k m a hlauics aiiuYour FallAre Mere.They are new, seasonable and reasonable. The assortment is made upof the best styles of the world's bestShoe makers The scope is so broadand the size ranges so complete youwill find your size in any make youdesireI We have also a full line of Misses',Children's and Boys' School Shoes inGun Metal, PatentsGEO. McWILLIAMS,LPhones 301I BourbonDVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetMW w II mi ,.., . vfBourbonParis Kentucky.e AgriculturalCapital$100,00.00Surplus$67,500.00m m m a h tm h m m h h m m mm nvjtiiiitintiiIand Tans.The Shoe ManILaundryWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. .That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fov fine work and itdever goes b"Bck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how , your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatee.fanwLaundry9Bank of ParProtection$267,500.00THE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisementsand yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.bpace is a newspaper's stocktrade, its source of revenue.inDEMOCRATIC TICKET.For President,HON. WOODROW WILSON,of New Jersey.For Vice-President,HON. THOS. R. MARSHALL,of Indiana.For Congress,HON. J. CAMPBELL CANTRlLL,of Scott county.The Day of Ballots.The arguments in the presidentialcampaign of 1912 are ended and withthe dawn of the day the battle of ballots will begin. There seems no doubtthat it will be decided in favor of thepeople by the triumph of their peerlessleader, but in order to do so everyDemocrat and other patriotic menmust do their full duty.They must get on the firing line andshow no quarter to camp followersand stragglers. The bJack flag shouldbe hoisted against the high protectivetariff, the insolent trusts and other interests favored at the expense of thecountry.Let the battle cry today be "Wilson,Marshall and a Democratic Congress,"and the God of Battles will smile uponus with a famous victory.Democrats of Bourbon county mustrally to the support of the Democraticparty today of all times. Never wasvictory more apparent than at presentbut there should be no hanging backwhen the polls are thrown open thismorning. The stay at home Democratis no Democrat at all ; the man whovote the ticket straight andwho goesto the polls earlv is the man who theDemocrats must depend upon for victory. That the grand old county of Bourbon will come forward with a handsome majority for the DemocraticPresidential candidates is a foregoneconclusion, but even in the face ofthese facts there should not be theslightest di3interestin the election.Let the Democrats do their duty todayby their party and .themselves.Helps a Judge in Bad Fix."Justice Eli Cherry, of Uillis MillTenn., was plainly worried. A badsore on his leg had baffled several doctors and long resisted all remedies."I thought it was a cancer, "he wrote."At last I used Bucklen's Arnica Salveand was completely cured." Curesburns, boils, ulcers, cuts, bruises Endpiles. 25 cents at Oberdorfer's.To Propose Strict Salary Limit.When the National Association ofProfessional Baseball Leagnes meetsat Milwaukee on November 12, Cant.Wm. Neal, president of the Blue GlassLeague, will propose that the magnates of the minor fraternity adopt astrict salary limit agreement, with amaximum salar? for any plaver, except a manager in the various classifications. He proposes that the association employ traveling auditors to visit variouscities and examine the payrolls, andwherever a player is discovered to begetting over tne limit, make him afree agent.President Neal will also oppose President M. H. Sexton's proposal to taxthe draft moneys passing through thehands of the association secretary inorder to defray the expenses of maintaining offices. "The assessmentshould be raised, if necessary but taxing the draft money would be unfairto the leaguesSwith desirable players,who would pay more than their proportion ot -the expense," says he.It is announced that President M.E. Justice of the Central Association,will uring in a committee report at theMilwaukee meeting which will coverthe salary limit qre.tion from allangles. The Natiojal Associationmagnates have been informed in acircular letter from headquarters thatthey mustagree on all clauses of theproposed new national agreeement,which will be submitted to the national commission for ratification beforeMarch 1, 1913. - . &REPLYTQ JUSTUS GOEBELGov. McCreary Writes AboutCorporations and Valuationof State Franchise.READY TO ASSIST STATE.Recites Law Requiring AttorneyGeneral to Recommend Before Employing Counseluovernor Mcureary nas issued astatement in response to the letter addressed to him and to others by Mr.Justus Goebel. Ihe Governor declaresthat "all persons who have made proper investigation know that the corporations in Kentucky have not beenpaying their just proportion of thetaxes," an" says that if the corporations which have instituted suits persist in their efforts "the State of Kentucky and the cause of the taxpayersshould be defended in the courts bycounsel in every way well equipped,and by all the attorneys that may beneeded to cone with the many able attorneys who instituted the suits."The Governor's statement follows:"The letter of Mr. Justus Goebel addressed to me and to all administrativeand legislative officers of the State,and to all citizens of the Commonwealth who are interested in equal anduniform taxation, has been publishedgenerally in the newspapers and contains valuable information and important suggestions."He was prenet at the meetings ofthe Board of Valuation and Assessment, which occupied about fivemonths arid must be well informed onthe subjects to which he refers."The Board of Valuation and Assessment, consisting of Henry M.BosworthState Auditor, Thomas S. Rhea, StateTreasurer, and C. P. Crecelius, Secretary of Mate, did then work well andfai thfully."All persons who have made properinvestigation know that corporationsin j&eDtucKy nave not Been payingtheir just proportion of the taxes, andthere has been unjust and burdensome taxation upon the people as compared with what has been required tobe paid by the large corporations ofour State."1 am opposed to discrimination, andbeileve that taxation should be uni-iorm, and the corporations and thepeople assessed and taxed justlv andfairly."In rny message to the last Lecislature I recommended the passage ofeight important bills, and all were enacted into Jaw except the public utilities bill, which gave the Governor authority to appoint an assessment andvaluation commission to do what theexisting Board ot Valuation and Assessment nas done: nut, as the members ot that board had not under former administrations been active, I hadno knowledge that the existing boardwould be active until I was assured bvthe members that they would do theirduty and be just and fair, and the public utilities bill was not passed.."The existing Board" of Valuationand Assessment based their 1912 assessment on evidence of the valuesplaced'before them at great length andI am sure they have presented whatthey believe, after careful examination and convincing proof, are just andfair asspssments; and of about fourhundred corporations assessed, onlyeight have protested in the courts."The eight suits that have beenbrought against the State may be contested through tne Federal and Statecourts, and are of great imortance tothe people and the State treasury.They involve for the State aoout fourhundred thousand dollars annually, andfor the county and city taxing districts about eight hundred thousanddollars annually, or a total of aboutone million two hundred thousand dollars. "When the present administrationcame into office, less than one yearago, the State's indebtedness was morethan two million dollars. With justand fair taxation the debt of the Statewould soon be extinguished ; and I regret that important and powerful corporations are resisting tne action ofthe Board of Valuation and Assessment and endeavoring to perpetuatetaxation which btheii own admissionsshow to beunjust and unequal."If the corporations which have instituted suits persist in their efforts,the State of Kentucky and the causeof the taxpayers should be defended inthe courts by counsel in everv waywell equipped and bv all the attorneysthat may be needed to meet and copewith the many able attorneys who instituted the suits."I have perfect confidence in theability, and known loyalty to theState's interests of Attorney GeneralGarnett and his three assistants, andalso in the able and well equipped attorney, Mr. Rich, wha by request ofthe Attorney General,, in writing, 1have employed but I will be pleasedto appoint another attorney, or tw&others, if the Attorney General, inwriting, snouid asn me to do so. as,under the law. I cannot emplov counsel to represent the State without hisrequest."Subsection 5 of sections 112-15,,article 2, page 218, of the KentuckyStatutes provides :"The Attorney General and his assistants shall attend to all litigationand business in or out of the State,required ot him or them under thisact. or other existing law or lawshereinafter enacted, and also any litigation or business that any State officer may have in connection with orgrowing out of his official duty : andno State officer, board of trustees orthe head of any department or institution of the State shall have authorityto employ or to be represented bvany other counsel or attorney at law,unless an emergency arises, which, mthe opinion of the Attorney General,requires the employment of other counsel, in order to properly protect the interest of the Commonwealth, in whichevent the Attorney General shall, inwriting, setting forth reasons for suchemployment, request the Governor toemploy such additional counsel." 'Before such counsel is employed,his fee and compensation shali beagreed upon" and fixed by written con-Housework Drtadgery IHousework is drudgery for the weak woman. Sne brushes, dusts and scrubs, c?is on her feet all day attending to the many detail.; of the household, her back aching her temples throbbing, nerves quivering under the stress of pain, possibly dizzyfeelings. Sometimes rest in bed is not lefreshing, because the poor tired nerves donot permit of refreshing deep. The real used of veak, nervous vonen is satissedby Dr. Pierce's favorite rrcscription,PiSakes Weak Women Strong ad 23CK wosnen wesi.ThisTie?: ItscncouraGiJ.Irs.Ohio.o v, rtoc-,HES.BRIGC3. Ur tierce sgood wood shingle, and in some placesRoofs put on 26 years ago are as good asFor Sale by Miller &' Prescription" removes Hie causa nz Yjozzex's ivetianesr,inflammation and ulceration, sz ironnuuias, tuv t-wi'tjzs tlic appetite and iscucaa resum sleep..cClt3stIGi .&V LAID R;1 W-ijfiMT$fflkti VER0L3w J .. A-r-;,j - r - i', &322Qj22gSsx5cS2S)'2:DTHE BESTNo Clinkers. 1 per cent ash.Lots of Heat.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.XSfSSSSStZ3ASK THEwho has one, what wonders thehim. He will reply:1. Sells My Products 4. Protects the Home2, Gets Best Prices 5. Helps the Housewife3: Brings Supplies 6. Increases Profits7. Pays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet.For information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated.Some Good AdviceTo the People.Don't sell your old feathers until you find out the prices, Youcan call us and we will look atyour feather, or if you live inthe counrry send as a sample. Iwill let you know what they areworth. Some old feathers if theyhave been well eared for are asgood as new. We pay marketprice for new feathers.MAX MUNICK,8th Street, PARIS, KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 374Ensure with W. O. Siinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies.tftract by the Governor and said counselsubject to the aDproval of the Attorney Genera.'"It is iherefora'apparent that I cannot appoint an attorney to assist theAttorney General in these suits untilthe Attorney General, in writing, requests me to do so, and also agreeswith me on the compensation the counsel employed is to receive."JAMES B. McCREARY."ana as lv-ira. rigys uhu uu;.a .aiuy ;Dr. Pierce :s perfectly willing to let everyone know whathis " Favorite Prcsci-iption,; contains, a complete list or ingredients on the bottic-wrapper. Do nc let ?ny druggistpersuade you thai his unknown composition is "juzt as good'in order that he may :ncks a bigger profit.P.2AZJI.T. jB'kcgs, of 320 X Washington Selestas,writes: '-Havcr l".lon your ".favorite rresenpuen,nf ;.'tf.cf:nol f'isnns' and etwvjQatAiSR. Withwoman's ills, for which 1 ws almost unabio to do anything, I think I am safe in sayingthat there are no remediesin the world liko Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription and' Purifying Lotion Tablets.' I am now enjoying the best ofhealth, and thank Dr. Pierce for his wonderful medicineswhich have done me a world of good."rieasanc renets reguiatu uvh uiu i;js.3bmMTALSHINGLES.2. No dirt no bother, and when oncelaid they make a thoroughly storm-proofand fire-proof roof, neither of which canbe claimed for the wood shingle.As to price they cost no more than athey cost much less.new today, and have never needed repairs.Best, Miilersburg, Ky.MFARMERCumberland Telephone works forWindsor Hotel.Modern Equipment,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty."CARL CRAWFORDProfessional CardsJ J. "WTLTjIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 51-i Main Street.Office Phonps 6umce rnones Home 136tResidenceE. T. 334.Home 334.DR. A. 11 KELIiEJK,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4' and 5, Elk's Bld'g4Paris - - K.tu.kmwmSHOPTHE BOURBON NEWS; PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOVTMBER 5, 1912rtifatD'.are under double strainstrength to live and learn andstrength, to grow they musthave nourishment not overloaded stomachs, but concentrated nutriment to aidnature during the growingperiod.The wonderful record ofScott's Emulsion as a body-E builder has been proved forthree generations. It strengthensthe bones, muscles and sinews;builds the body, creates energyand vigor; prevents and relievescolds and fortifies the lungs.Millions of delicate and undeveloped children have beenmade strong, sturdy and heartywith Scott's Emulsion.Insist on having SCOTT'S.Scott & Bowne. Bloomfield. N. J. 12-68Escapes sa Awful Fate.thousard tongues could not exp s the cratitude of Mrs. f J. E. Cox.of diet. 111., toe her wonderful deliveraree from an awful fate. "Tyuhoidp- eumonia had left me with a dreadfulcouxh." she writes. "Some timeshad Kirch awful coughing spells Ithought I would die. I could get nohelp from doctor's treatment or otherme&icmes till used Dr. King's NewD-scovery. But I owp my life to thisv orderful remedy for I scarcely coughctall now." Quick and safe, its themost reliable of all throat and lungmenicinps. Every bottle guaranteed.50 cents and $1. Trial bottle freee.Ventilation Test.A single way to tell whether yourroom is properly ventilated is toplace a wide-necked bottle of waterInto which, you have put half an ounceof lime water, in the room, letting itremain uncovered over night. If inthe morning the lime water is milkthe ventilation is bad. If the lime water becomes milk on your covering thebottle mouth with your hand. and.shaking the vessel, the ventilation isnot sufficiently good. If the lime waterremains clear, the air of that room ispure.The Demons of th Swampare mosquitoes. As they sting theyput deadly malaria germs in the blood.Then follow the icy chills and the firesof fever. The appetite flies and thestrength fails; also malaria oftenpaves the way for deadly typhoid. CutElectric Bitters kill and case out themalaria germs from the blood; g:vyou a fine apnetite and renew vourstrength. "After long sud'eikc "wrote Wm. Fretwell, cf Luc-tma, IC. "three bottles drove all the malaria from my system, and I've had goodhealth ever since." Best for all stomach, liver and kidney ills. 50 cents atOberdorfer's.IMPARTING FRAGRANCE TO TEASpecies of Jasmine Flower Used bythe Chinese to Give Severcjethe Desired Aroma. :It is estimated that the Chinese consume annually five pounds of tea foreach member of the population. Itgrows in small patches around thehomesteads, plantations being practically unknown. The leaves are picked by members of the family anddried in the sun, being subsequentlyhanded over to the middlemen, whosubject them to the process of firing.In the case of green tea the leavesare roasted almost immediately afterthey are gathered, and dried off quickly after being rolled into balls by hand,and squeezed. There are usuallythree pickings early in April, whenthe leaves are covered with a whitishdown (a limited output known as pekoe); toward the middle of Mav ardagain in August. Brick tea Is madeby pressing the damp tea in a moldin the form of a brick, 8 to 12 incheslong and about one inch thick. Thefragrance of all scented tea is notnatural, but imparted by firing theleaf with a sort of jasmine flower,called by the Chinese "mok-lee." Ininferior teas the scenting flower isstrewn over the top of the tea whenpacked and removed after a day ortwo. Flowery pekoes are white, velvety tipped teas with no fragranceand are unfermented.FamousMansion Sold.Col. James T. Andrew Scott, ofFranklin county, has purchased theJohn Scott farm of 253 acres nearWoodlake, about seven miles fromFrankfort. The purchase price' was528.000.This is one of the oldest and mostnoted mansions in this Dart of Kentucky, especially associated with thetraditions of the State from the factthat it was in this house that Mary J.Holrres wrote one of her popular novels of the sixties, "Marion Grey."It was while she was living in thesame neighborhood that she wrote"Tempest and sunshine." "LenaRivers" an other popular stories.The mansion is surrounded by fineold forest trees, and commands one ofthe most pleasing views ot the Elkhorn Valley. It is near the countryplace of Senator Thomas H. Paynter.Col. Scott, intends to improve thenrpe'-tp and make it one'of the handsomest country places in Kentucky.,October HonoriRoll Paris CitySchools.GRADE I-C.Ermine Lykins 91, Houston Owens90.GRADE I-B.m Lucile Chipley 90, Martha Miller Coiner yu, Edna Crawford 90. KatWinn JMullens GoMitchelllAcknfan 9(!Wmerj"l "P LBIIBr IlB S3JfS ISSIIBSuuriey u, William Cook 90, JohnHughes 90.GRADE I-A.Robert Moore 90, Jack Johnson 90,Charles Goodin 90, Leslie tfudold 92,Caroline White Wilmoth 90, Edna EarlBurns 90.GRADE II-B.Ruth Wheeler 92, Christine Thomas92, Richard Steward 90, Bessie Sharp90, Elizabeth Lilleston 91, MargaretHill 92, Thelma Payne 91, Edrie Cook91, Crutcher Chism 90, Leonard Fronk90.GRADE II-A.Virginia Hancock 94, Clara Himes 93,Keller Larkin 93, Edward Paton 93,Mary Frances Burns 93, Hazel Shelton92, Nannette Arkle 92, Minnie Himes92, Elizabeth Carter 90, Hiatt Hubbard 90.GRADE III-B.Joseph Crawford 93, Elmer Burnett92, Etta Evans 92, Louella Chaney 92,Mamie Cooke 91, Kathleen Lovell 91,Stella Turner 91, Thomas Turner 91,Geneva Fitemaster 90, Robt. Terry 90,Mamie Rowland 90.GRADE III-A.Hilda Taylor 90, Charles Padgett 91,Herbert Myers 91, Catherine Wills 91,Isabel Atlas 91, Hazel Myers 92, EvaChappell 92, Francis McCarthy 93,Ann R. Duncan 93, John Lair 93,Nancy B. Wilson 94.GRADE IV-B.Viola Ockman 90, Mildred Brannon90, Sidney Linville 92. Eugene Moore92, Lena Snapp 90, Tbelma Thomas 90,Lillian Towler 90.GRADE IV-A.Alma Louise Goldstein 94, RankinMastin 94, Dorothy Harris 94, Geraldine Herrin 92, Bessie Owens 92, Julius Herri ck 91, "Llewellyn Hughes 91,Raymond Stamler 91, Jas. Arnsparger9L, Collins Hall 91, Robert Hall 91,Tommy Hubbard 90, Hugh Scott 90,Jim McClintock 90, Elizabeth Wheeler90, Elizabeth Stewart 90.GRADE V-B.Oliver McCormick 90, Ida Mae Merimee 90, Garland Ray O'Neil 90, JuliaRoberts 91, Zuma Stone 90.GRADE V-A.Olive' Snapp 92, Helen Rippetoe 91,Lena Cook 92, Hattie Neal 96, RenaClark 91, Victor O'Neal 90, UsseryTaul90, Bessie Gifford 93, BlancheHughes 90, Christine McCord 93, LutieCrowe 91, Ann Meglone 93, BessieSproule90, Eunice Gifford 93, Elizabeth Snapp 92.GRADE VI-B.Katharine Hammons 93, FrancesArnold 91, Vail Baldwin 90.GRADE VI-A.Aurel Chappell 90, Palmer Myers 90,Martha Settle 92, Elmeta Hinton 90,Stanley Richards 90, Irene Alexander90, Ada Myers 90, Preston Bales 90,Ida Mae Anderson 92, Ethel McCabe91, William Mclntire 91, Madge TaylorGRADE VII-B.'Not represented this month. )GRADE VII-A.Maud Taylor 96, John Clay 96, Vernuta Baldwin 94, Rudy Elder 93, Fannie Heller 93, Edna Snapp 93, MabelTemplin 93, Clarence , Buchanan 93,Turney Clav 93, C. B. McShane 92,Clair Hamilton 92, Elizabeth Best 91,E. L. Burley 91, Elizabeth Clark 91,Eleanor Lytle 91, Vallette McClintock91, Forrest Letton 90.GRADE VIII.Catharine Meglone 93, Sallie Crowe93, Julia Fitzgerald 91, Ethel Harper91, Minnie Kiser 91, Gladys Snapp 91, 4JUdith Bobbitt 90, Pearl Brown 90,Mayme Flanders 90, Elizabeth Hall 90,Frances Settle 90, Fithian Arkle 93.John T. Redmon 92, Raymond Connell90, Albert Lavin 90.HIGH SCHOOL.FRESHMEN.Emmett Curtis 91, Evelyn Friedman92, Elizabeth Kenney 90, Anna Sweeney91.SOPHOMORES.Lina Crowe 92, Joseph Lvnch 91,Dennis Snapp 91, Stuart Wallingford92, Barnett Winters 91.JUNIORS.Mabel Arnold 90, Ruth Chambers 92,Wayne Cottingham 93, Eli Friedman96, Joseph Letcher 90, Harry Moore 92,Edward Mvall !5. Malvinia Sharon 90,Gtruude Turpin 92, Sello V ollstein 93.SENIORS.Paul Brannon 90, Duke Brown 95,Clara Chambers 92, Earl Dickerson 96,Clarence Harney 95. Olive Taul 91, G.C. Thompson 95.COMMERCIAL DEPARTMENT.SOPHOMORES: Eugene Elder 91,Ellen Henry 92, Katherine Kenney 90,Grace McCord 98, Gertrude Slicer 95.JUNIORS: Ruth Chambers 97, EliFriedman 97, Sello Wollstein 96, Gertrude Turpin 95.SENIORS: Earl Dickerson 97.COMMERCIAL PUPILS: MargueriteDouglass 91, Frances Hancock 93,Beatrice Johnson 93."It Is a pleasure to tell you thatChamberlain's Cough Remedy is thebest couch medicine I have ever used," writes Mrs. Hugh Campbell, ofLavonia, Ga. "I have used it with allmy children and the results have beenhighly satisfactory." For sale by alldealers.Hot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait- on thetrade. No long waits You are next.M. A. KAHAL.GEN. GRANT'S SONIS FOR WILSONThis Year Are Similar toThose of 1860.PRINCIPLES FATHER UPHELISame Problem Today, Writes Jesse ft.Grant, In Choosing Between Peopleand the Interests.Jesse R. Grant, son of General Ulysses S. Grant, commander in chief ofthe Union army In the civil war andRepublican president of the UnitedStates from 1869 to 1S77, links thegeneration of war veterans and theyoung voters of today in the followingappeal, made public by him at hishome in New York:To the Voter, Especially the NewVoter:"We are facing the 5th of Novemberissues of momentous importance to thefuture of the United States. Shall theold order of things continue? Shallour economic life be determined shallour government continue to be dominated by the thoughts, the desires andthe interests of those who have beenthe principal beneficiaries of that government's patronage or shall the power of government be handed back tothe whole people to be administeredfor their common good?It was a similar Issue fifty-two yearsago, when there arose from out of Illinois a new leader, who held humanrights to be greater than propertyrights, whoso thoughts were not theold thoughts, whose vision of justicehad not been clouded by associationwith the ruling interests.We are afc the threshold of a newperiod of transition. Shall the door beblocked by men who cannot see ahead?Shall we elect to follow men who.while clothed with official power, nurtured privilege and fostered monopolyand who now propose nothing betterthan to legalize and regulate monopoly and make us live under it the restof our lives?The New Leader. .Or shall we call to leadership a newman from the outside, from the ranksof the people, in sympathy with theirlives and their ideals, holding theirviewpoint, consecrated to their service? Sueh a man is Woodrow Wilson.As a son of the soldier who foughtto uphold the principles for whichAbraham Lincoln stood and as a sonof a Republican president, I can seeonly one duty for myself to giveheartily my influence and my vote forprinciple and not for the name of aparty long since divorced from its sympathy for the common man.Verily, 1 believe that the principles forwhich Woodrow Wilson is fighting arethe principles for which my fatherfought, and that he alone among thepresidential candidates measures up tothe standards of courage, conscienceand capacity of the leader whose handmy father helped to uphold.Old voters, as well as new, I beg ofyou not to be deceived by names andprejudices. Open your minds to thetruth and vote in its lightJESSE R. GRANT.New York, Oct 19.AMERICANS TAXEDFOR ENGLISH PROFIT.Enormous Dividends of ThreadTrust Go Abroad.Cotton thread pays an import dutyequivalent to 47 per cent This tariffwas levied originally to build up an"infant industry" in America and protect American capital. It happens,however, that practically all the capital in the thread industry in the United States is foreign capital, and thatthe dividends of the thread trust arenearly all sent abroad.The American Thread company, incorporated in New Jersey in 1S98, has$10,290,475 of capital, and its net profits in 1910 were $2,441,844. LymanR. Hopkins, president testifying in1901 before the United States industrial commission, said that the moneyto buy up the fourteen concerns included in the New Jersey consolidationwas furnished by the English SewingCotton company. The thread trust'sprincipal competitor in this country isthe J. & P. Coates concern, which maintains its English organization and English factories to manufacture threadfor the world, and its American factories to manufacture thread for Americans in order to reap the extra profitsfrom manufacturing within the Amerlean tariff wall.As far back as 1901 the thread trustaccording to its president was employing "one-quarter to one-third" of foreign labor. Recent industrial investigations have disclosed that the proportion in New England textile industries is now nearer four foreigners toone American.Here we have "protection" for foreign capital and for foreign labor atthe expense of every sewing woman,every householder, every man, womanand child in the United States. 'f BW.ftlTOOWe AEso DoDYECLEANING.PRESSING,REPAIRING.Best WorkGuaranteed.mm5155!5nin!ninininIBin!ninlanininXiiomas Bros., iiIMMTTriBgiuEgmauisu.KPiag;5,';gS;ssaKQaaiaiicsuniThe Young Idea.Teacher "What is a weathervane?" Pupil "Why why, it's achicken on a roof." Judge.New Street Car Schedule.SCHEDULE OF THE PARIS CITYCAR IN EFFECT OCT. 1, 1912.LeaveCourt House6:45 a. m.7:15 a. m.7:45 a. m.8:15 a. m.8:45 a. m.9:15 a. m.9:45 a. m.10:15 a. m.10:45 a. m.11:15 a. m.11:45 a. m.12:05 p. m.1:15 p. m.1:45 p. m.2:15 p. m.2:45 p. m.3:15 p. m.3:45 p. m.4:15 p. m.4:45 p. m.5:15 p. m.6:00 p. m.LeaveStation No 557:00 a. m.7:30 a. m.8:00 a. m.8:30 a. m.9:00 a. m.9:30 a. m.10.00 a. m.10:30 a. m.11:00 a.m.11:30 a. m.11:55 a. m.12:20 p.m.1:30 p. m.2:00 p.m.2:30 p.m.3:00 p. m.3:30 p.m.4:00 p.m.4:30 p. m.5:00 p.m.5:30 p. m.G :15 p. m.FLANDERSC2C!You1mwa.-,yk&ER;HIiiaBIBi niiuimmmmmwiaSISinniiin523Sim19iiif llil1 !Ii ::l iWMMBiHSiMKMiew uoai yamHave opened a Coal Yard at theStand on North Main Street.I Rich Mountain Goal IKentucky Jem CoalLast longer and furnishes a greater amountof heat than other coals.C, R. TURNER,wIOpp. Hotel Windsor DowParis Dairy.WM. (IRIS, Proprietor.JerseyaIVIilk, Creamand ButterPromptly Delivered jNignt and Morning.East Tennessee Phone 98Home Phone 98New Shoe ShineParlors.Ech ParkerThe popular Elevator Boy andJanitor at the AgriculturalBank, has opened a Shoe-ShiningParlor in the hallway of theBank and will be glad to waiton the public in this section ofthe city.Your Patronage Is Solicited.fruit and Ornamental.Shrubs, Asparagus, Khubarb. Peonies, Roses, Phlox, etc. No agents.Growers of what we sell. Free cata-'logue.H. F. HILLENMEYER & SONS,11 lm Lexington, Ky.TREES& -rJr-sfi-A .w-CBsaQS- AlLlEOInMLlfg-tfo ModefebIET3nUi&Oj&cfTI..rn.I'prl?ct. -r.O" Roadster, $730r-Vpfe jtesfr----" VT-.-.Don't be alarmed if ccmclxvly tells you you can buy an automobilefor less money than the 750 Suidebaksr-Flaiiders "20." You can, butyou better not. The Flanders "20" corresponds point by point vith thebest and highest priced cars soli. Cheaper cars at every vital point arebuilt on ideas long ago discarded for gocd care. Don't take our vord lorit. Make comparisons and see.The Stadcbaker-Flanders ":0" is a marrci a high grade modem carat a low price. If you pay less yen buy much less. And the cheaper cartoday will cost you far more in the long run. The competing car isn'tsold which the Studebaker Corporation, ths g-eatest automobile manufacturers in the world, couldiv; reproduce for less money; but we won'tbuild a cheap car, because the name "Studebaker" means the best foryour money.If you are content with a car that runs today and dies tomorrow,don't buy the $750 Flanders "20." It wilLwear for years. Rememberthis the Studebaker-Flanders "2C" will outwear 2 to 1 any other carunder $1100 and give you double sausf action, confidence and comfortinto the bargain.We can prove it S.cl fcr new catalogueThe S&i&shskcT CorporationyonrDon uarage a Mppjy tompany...,NDowBuilding L T. Phone 5JSpecial RatesLow Round Trip Homeseekers TicketsTo points in Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi, Arizona, Arkansas,Missouri, New Mexico, OklahomaTexas and Kansas on sale first andthird Tuesday of each month, returnlimit 25 days from date of sale.Round trip "Winter Tourist iicliets toall principal winter resorts in theSouth on sale Oct. 15th to April 30th,1913, final return limit May 3lst, 1913.For further information, apply to .W. H. HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, T. A.iiRoxie" Davis !IU Insurance AgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137f.&&&&L-.lWT(MWtCnE-M-Ftf-O.Xzr2)feeapestG). ' ' :a& Cfltltvik?It will be known as "Scottburn."p5-. g.. . - tnnrKBi'''". H j- -. -THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOVEMBER 5, 1912STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES.Wra. Young, ot Mt. Sterling, hassold to J. P. Barbee. of Millersburg,quite a nice three year old mare byBourbon King for S225.Elmendorf farm of Fayette, wonthree firs- and four second prizes forDexter Kerry cattle at theDairyShow. Undulata Farm of Shelbvyille,won the Grand Championship in theJersey bull class.Col. Kinzea Stone and EugeneRucker, of Scott county, sold at. Latonia six thoroughbred yearling coltsat from $550 to $850. The sires wereimported from England and have beenresold recently and returned to theirnative heath.Reports from all over the State asto the crop of quail indicate that thesevere snow and freezing weather inthe early part of the year killed thebirds by the thousands, and that thecrop this season will be far below theaverage. The open season on quailbegins November 15, and arleady thenimrods are getting ready for thesport.The Winchester Democrat says:"Mr. W. G. McCIintock, of Paris, agraduate of K. W. C, was in the cityMonday. Mr. McCIintock was a college mate of Rev. T. W. B. Demaree.of this city. They met here Mondayand Mr. McCIintock gavekRev. Demaree a libera donation for his missionary work in Japan."Arriving Daily.New Fall Footwear arriving daily at10 tf FELD'S SHOE SlORE."Putting It Over."Comedy 'that is always spontaneousand a romance that is new and absorbing, are factors in Ihe unprecedented-success of Frank Hatch'snew production, "Puttingllt Over," which willappear at the Paris Grand November9.The comedy comes direct from itssummer run at the Olympic Theatre,Chicago, with the same cast of wellknown players and superior scenicmounting.The story of "Putting It Over" concerns the tribulations of a manlyAmerican youth, Ross Sterling byname, who has the misfortune of being born rich. Fate removes this"handicap" by making his father almost a pauper, and thereupon Rossstarts out to regain an income as wellas the hand of thegirl he loves. Howwell he does this is vividly told in theexciting scenes with which "PuttingIt Over" teems.The scenes of the play are four in"number, each a masterpiece ot stageproduction. The cast is one of metropolitan'distinction fand includes suchable players fcas Harold Vosburgh,Franklin Ritchie. Joseph Woodburn,Frederick Burt, Royal Tracy, FrancisJoyner, C. E. Harris, Alison Skipworth, Veda Steele and Helen Holmes.Just Received.Fresh stockfof evaporatedand driedfruits of all kinds just received.1 2t T. LENHAN.Cut Flowers.Let us fill your orders for cut fiovers, for weddings, parties, funeral",etc. Prompt attention given and satisfaction guaranteed.1 2t JO. VARDEN.Get Seats for Robert Mantell.All those contemplating seeing Robert Mantell, the eminent tragedian,who will appear at the LexingtonOperajHouse next Friday and Saturday and Saturday matinee will be fableto get the choice of seats by seeingMr. R. S. Porter, agent of the Lexington Opera House, today. Mr. Porterwill go to Lexington tomorrow moiningto reserve seats for those giving himtheir names. Over seventy-five Parisians have already spoken for seats,and Mr. Mantell's engagement promises to be one of the most important inthe history of the Lexington i OoeraHouse. The repertoire for the threeperformances is" as follows : Fridaynight, "King Lear:" Saturday matinee.i"Merchant of Venice; " Saturdaynignc, "Kicnara tne ihird." Prices.Lower floor, $1.50; Balcony, 50, 75and $1.Public Sale-OFHouse and LotsI will offer at public auction onSaturday, November 9th.at ten o'clock a. m . my one storyframe cottage and two lots adjoining.This property is located just off ofPleasant street adjoining the U. S.postoffice, and fronting on the Government building court.The house is a modern one storyframe structure, containing fiverooms, bath room, electric lights, sinkin kitchen and complete sewer system.It is rented to a prompt paying tenant at $180 per year, "and is alwaysoccupied. The lot has a irontage ofa5 feet on Government Court.The two lots adjoining the househave a frontage of 50 feet each, andare ideal building sites. Moderncottages can be built on these lots andwill find ready occupants at goodprices.This property will be offered separately. First the house and lot, andthen the two lots adjoining, afterwhich it will be put up as a wholp.TERMS One third cash on deliveryof deed, and the balance in two equalpayments, due in one and two yearsfrom date of sale, with a lien retainedon the premises to secure the paymentof said notes.MRS. SWIFT CHAMP.Paris. Ky.George D. Speakes, Auctioneer.DEATHS.GARRISON.Mrs. Lula Garrison, aged 25 years,wife of Skinner Garrison," died Fridayafternoon at the home of her parents.Mr. and Mrs. Ed. Kenton, in EastParis. Mr. and Mrs. Garrison livedon a farm near Black's Cross Roads.hnf. whpn TVItr. fJnrrisnn hecame illcpveral weeks aco she was removed toI the home of her parents, where she' "steadily grew wo-se until the endcame. Besides her husband"and parents, Mrs. Garrison is survived by fourchildren Misses Hazel, Irene and Lula Garrison and Master John Garrison.Three sisters. Miss Margaret Kenton ,of Paris: Mrs. C. Barlow, of Nicholascounty, and Mrs. Clajide Hark, of Cincinnati. and two brothers, Evans andWm. Kenton, of Paris, also survive.The funeral services were held atthe home of Mr. and Mrs. Kenton Sunday morning at tea o'clock ty Rev. J.S. Simms of the Methodist church andthe interment was in the Millersburgcemetery.CLAY.A Mexico, Mo., special announcesthe death of Col. Green Clay earlyFriday morning at his home in thatcity from a complication of ailments.Col. Clay was the son of the late Mr.and Mrs. Brutus J. Clay, and was bornon the old.CIayffarm near this city in1833. In 1880 he moved to Missouri.Prior to that he located in Mississippiwhere he became a power in politics.He was prominently mentioned as aDemocratic candidate for Congressfrom his district and was stronglyurged by his friends to run for thenomination, but he declined the honor.On moving to Missouri he purchaseda valuable tract of land near Mexicoand at the time of his death ownedmore than two thousand acres of landwhich surrounded a palatial residence.Col. Clay was formerly secretary ofthe American legations at Florence,Italy, and St. Petersburg. Russia,under his uncle, Cassius M. Clay, thenAmbassador to Italy and Russia.Col. Clay, for many years was a leading Democratic politician in this section. He served in the State SenateIrom 1889 to 1891 and filled the unexpired term of his son, Rhodes Clay, inthe Missouri Legislature in 1902.Rhodes Clay died that year.He was married to Miss Rhodes, ofNew Orleans, La., who survives together with two chlidren one son,Mr. Cassius M. Clay, Jr.. :of Mexico.Mo., and one daughter, Mrs. Wm.Sely, of Oklahoma City, Okla.The deceased was a brother of Col.E. F. Clay, Sr., of near Paris, the lateMr. C. F. Clay, of Bourbon county,and of the late Mrs. Henry Davenport,of Virginia. Hon. Cassius M. Clay,of near Paris, was a half brother ofthe deceased.Mr. E . F. Clay, Jr., and Miss MaryC. Clay, nephew and niece of Col. Clay,and Miss Sallie Lockhart left Fridayafternoon for Mexico, Mo., to attendthe funeral.Mr. Lynn T. Gruber, of Shelbyville. ex-Mayor; of that city, leadingcontractor and past grand master ofthe Odd Fellows of Kentucky, diedSunday afternoon at his home in thatpity. He was aged about 57 years.Judge E. B. January received a mepsage yesterday announcing the deathof Mr. Gruber and will go to Shelbyville today where he will act as one ofthe pall-bearers.MATRIMONIAL.ANNOUNCEMENT.Mrs. Annie W. Glass, of Lexington, announces the engagement of herdaughter, Miss Inez Bluefield Glass,to Mr. Fletcher Mann. The date otthe wedding has not been set yet.Mr. Mann is formerly of Paris, andwas for a number of years one of themost prominent stock traders in thisscetion. Laterjhe was a member ofthe firm of Beard & Mann, of Lexington, and recently purchased the interest of his partner and is now conducting the business alone.MATTOX-PINNELL.Ihe marriage of Miss Martha LeeMattox to Mr. James Grinnell willtake place at the home of the bride'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Mattox.on Seventh street, on Tuesday, Nov -ember12. JJThe ceremony will be performed byJRev. J. S. Simme, pastorof the Methodist church.The marriage will be a quiet affair,only the immediate families and a fewinenus witnessing tne ceremonies.After the'wedding the couple will(takea short trip, when they will returnand take up their residence in HenryAddition.Miss Mattox is one of the most popular young women of this communityand has for some time been employedas stenographer in the offices of E. F.Spears & Sons. Mr. Gnnnel.l who isthe son of Mr. and Mrs. J. W- Grinnell, of near this city, is a young manof sterling worth and very popular.FISHER-EWAL.T.The marriage of Miss Nida EadesFisher, of near Cynthiana, to Mr.Samuel R. Ewalt, of Shawhan, wascelebrated! last night at 8 o'clock atthe home of the bride's sister, Mrs.John Finnell. in Cynthiana, the Rev.M. R. Jones officiating.The ceremony was witnessed by afew friends and the intimate relativesof the contracting parties, and wassaid in a very impressive manner byRev. Jones. Immediately after thecermor.y a reception was tendered thecouple bv Mr. and Mrs. Finnell andthey left on the night train for a shortwedding trip in the South.The bride, who is the daughter ofMr, and Mrs. Darwin Fisher, of nearCynthiana. formerly of Bourbon county, is a handsome and attractive youngwoman, possepsing many beautifultraits of character and 13 an aecom-plished,young woman.She has fre-quently been a visitor m this citv.where she is well known and whereshe has a host of admiring friends.Mr. Ewalt is a son of the late Samuel n;walt, of Shawhan, and a grandson of Mr. John Cuirent.of that place.He is one of the most uromising youngmen of that community and is popularwith all who know him. Recently hepurchased of his brother his interest ina farm on the Ruddles Mills pike, nearParis, which will be improved withthe addition of a handsome residence,and in the near future he and his bridewill move to it, where Mr. Ewalt willengage in active farming. Until thenthey will make their home with relatives in Shawhan.Mix Up in the Fire Department.Upon a warrant charging him withcarrying concealed weapons HenryMcGinley, chief of the fire department of this city, was placed' underarrest Saturday and his trial willcome up in Police court Wednesdaybefore Judge E. B. January. Thewarrant was issued at the instance ofJ. W. King, a member of the department. The arrest of McGinley, it is said,is trie culmination of a breach betweenhe and other members of the department, who are the salaried members,and is due to certain conditions thathave existed for the past two months.The trouble, it is said, was due to reports that had been circulated inwhich it was charged that McGinleyappropriated for his own use certainarticles belonging to the city, and following this a clash is said to have occurred between King and McGinley.Whether any threats of violence weremade is not known but the trouble resulted in'the arrest of McGinley uponthe charge. Implicated in the affairis also said to.be Chas. Thomas, thecity electrician. The trial of McGinley was set for yesterday morning butwas postponed until Wednesday.At a recenl meeting of the city council McGinley was chosen as cniet ofthe fire department, and it is intimated by his friends that the trouble istne result of jealousy on the part ofthe other members.The affair coming to the ears of several ot the city councilmen, it is said,has prompted an investigation and thematter will be brought dp at the meeting of the Council Thursday night,threshed out and tha blame fixed.Fine Chocolates.Menier's chocolates, as fine as youever put in your mouth, only 40 centsa pound.BUTLER'S.Opp. Court House.Moving Pictures oi Paris Taken.A representative of the Commercialand Film Co., of Indianapolis, whocloseda contract with the managementof the Grand Opera House to makemoviner pictures of local interest,which will be exhibited here, was inParis yesterday and completed hiswork of taking the pictures.The picturejwhich will.be in one reelofabout one thousand feet will comprise all of the points of interest inthe city, including the schools, firedepartment, views of the streets, etc.The court day crowd furnished an excellent opportunity for an excellentpicture of the moving throngs and several views onMain street were taken,together with the city and county officials. A view of the fire department making a run was taken and according tothe operator of the machine all of theviewsshould be excellent. The picture will be exhibited at the ParisGrand Monday and Tuesday, Novernber 10 and 11.School Shoes.Go to Feld's and get your schoolshoes for boys, misses and children.Satisfaction guraanteed. tfCumberland Will CirculatePetition.Following the recent announcementthat the Cumberland Telephone andTelegraph Co., would make extensiveimprovements in its plant here it isnow reported that the officials of thecompany will circulate a petitionamong the citizens of Paris within thenext few days with a view of takingthe sentiment of the people in regardto the installation of a central energyplant and the laying of the cables ofthe company underground in the heartof the city. The information is givenout that the proposition will necessitate an extra expenditure in additionto that set aside by the company forthe purpose and if the propositionmeets with the approval of the publica slight increase in the rates here willlikely result.Christian Church Officers ElectedAt the conclusion of the services atthe Christian church Sunday morningthe election of officers and deacons washeld.A committee had prepared ballots onwnicn were printed names that hadbeen selected from lists submitted tothem by. the member of the church.These ballots were given to the peoplefor approval or change, and when collected were given to Mr. JamesDaugherty andMr. D. Y. L. Farleyto be counted, and the result was reported at the evening services as follows: Elders Thomas Henry Clay, J. T.Hinton and J. T. Sharrard; and twenty-onedeacons : W. B. Allen', C. Arnsparger, J. W. Ferguson, Robert Goggin, J. S. Wilson, J J. McCIintock,George W. Wyatt. J. W. Thomas, J.W. ftavis, C. P. Cook. George Alexander. Houston Rion. T. J, Redmon,J. D. Brown, F. P. Lowry. James H.Thompson, F. P. Walker, G. M. Mansfield and T. M. Funk.These twenty-four men, togetherwith J.JW. Hayden, M. G. Thompsonand W. O. Hinton, who were alreadyelders, will constitute the official boardof the church, the first nine deaconsbeing re-elected to office. The deacons will be divided into three groupsto serve for two, four and six yearsrespectively.BIRTHS.Born, on October 30 to the wife ofRichard Robetson, of Centerville, twindaughters Mamie Lee and Bessie Lee.Mrs. Robertson was formerly MissGertrude Cummins.Carpets and Rugs.Come to the carpet and rug store ifyou want something nice at reasonableprices. Large stock to select from.No shop worn patterns, all new.J. T. HINTON.RELIGIOUS.Col. Richard Redd, of LexinEton,will preach at Hopewell church onSunday at 11 a. m. Col. Redd is a verypopular and interesting talker and always has a large audience when he nri-, dresses a Bourbon congregation.Residence Sold.The residence ot Miss Anna Wright,on Pleasant street, was sold Saturdayafternoon to the tustees of the Methodist church through Judge E. B. January, for n parsonage. The propertyisjadjacent to thejchurch property, andis admirably adapted for a parsonage.The price paid was $3,500.Cut Flowers.Let us fill your orders for cut flowers, for weddings,parties, etc. Promptattention given and satisfaction guaranteed. 12t JO. VARDEN.Sell Buick Cars.Mr. John Woodford, of near Paris,bought of Yerkes & Prichard a model25, five passenger touring car for51.050. It.will be delivered this week.Dr. Wm. Kenney. of this city, purchased of the same firm a model 24Buick runabout for $950. The machinewhich will be delivered in the springwill bemused by Dr. Jtenney in his professional business.For Sale Cheap.Cooking range and three burner coaloil stove.OBERDORFER,The Druggist.Contract Awarded.Geo. W. Determan, brick contractor,has been awaided the contract forthe construction ot the brick garage ofYerkes & Prichard which will be builton Pleasant street in the rear of thebuilding formerly occupied by KingRedmon. The excavations for thefoundation has been completed andwork on the concrete foundation willbe started this week.Oatequal and Alcorn.We have just received a fresh car ofOatequal and Alcorn. Finest feed forhorses and cows. Try some.25 4fc YERKES & PRICHARD.Aged Colored Woman Dead.Maria Anderson, aged 70 years, awell known and hignly respected colored woman, was found dead at herhome on South Main street Fridavafternoon. She had been in ill healthfor some time but was able to be downtown Friday morning.Her daughter, Lucv Anderson, , ateacher in the colored school, left hermother at noon and a few hours afterwards the body was found in a rearroom of the house.For many years she was a servant inthe home of the late Rev. Dr. E. H.Rutherford. Coroner Rudolph Davis,who viewed the remains decided thatan inquest was unnecessary.New Syrian Store.A new Syrian Store has been opened in the McCarney room on Broadway in rear of Agricultural BankBuilding. Mr. Charles Munson, whohas been a successful merchant inCarlisle for the past eleven years, willopen up at this stand with a new stockof clothing, dry goods, shoes, notions,etc.Visit the new Syrian Store. Newgoods and extremely low prices. 1 3tDr. Shive Succeeds Rev. Saunders.An adjourned meeting of the Ebenezer Presbytery was he'd at Maysvilleyesterday to take action upon the resignation of Rev. R. S. Saunders ofthe Millersburg Presbyterian church.and to assign him to the Presbytervat Gretna, Florida, where he goes topreside as pastor-evangelist. Rev.Dr. B. M. Shive, of Paris, was electedto succeed Rev. Saunders as chairmanand superintendent of the Committeeon Omissions. Dr. Shive was alsore-elected as a member of the Synodical Committee of Omissions for thisPresbytery.Half of Double Track CompletedFourteen miles of the double trackon the Louisville and Nashville railroad from Butler to a point two milessouth of Falmouth was completed Friday and the company's trains are nowrunning overthe new stretch of track.With the completion of this section oftrack the Louisville and Nashville roadbetween Paris and Cincinnati, a distance of eighty miles, will be doubletracked for more than half the distanceand it is expected the entire line willbe finished and in use by the firt ofthe year.For Sale Cheap.Cooking range and three burner coaloil stoveOBERDORFER.The Druggist.Free Election Returns.Mayor Hinton has made arrangements to have disDlayed .in iront of hisstore on Main street tonight the fullelection returns from the entire UnitedStates. A mammoth screen will beerected today in front of the old Baptist church and a stereopticon will beinstalled in the second floor of the Hinton building. During the intervals between bulletins a number of comicslides will be shown, and a quartettewill entertain'with the latest popularsongs. Come out and bring your family and enjoy a pleasant evening.AMUSEMENTS.ROBERT B. MANTELL IN SHAKE-SPEREAN PRODUCTIONS ATLEXINGTON OPERA HOUSE.Mr. Robert B. Mantell, the foremostexponent of Shakesperean roles comesto the Lexington Opera House Fridayana Saturday -and baturdav matinee,November 8 and 9.Upon this engagement Mr. Mantellwill present on Friday evening, November 8. King Lenr. At the Saturday matinee November 9, he will present ihe.Merchant of Venice. On Saturday evening, November 9, RichardIII.Mr. Mantell carries a complete scenic production for each of these playstogether with.a selected company offorty-live players.Orders for seats sent to -ManagerScott, . accompanied by a remittancewill receive prompt attention. Theprices are lower floor, SI. 50; balcony,50, 75 and $1. Sale of seats will openWednesday morning, November 6. 3tITwo Very UnusualValuesFrom the Ready-to-Weat Dep't.Each Lot Limited in QuantityThough Representing Many StylesAt $7.50We place of sale forty women's and misses' coats. Allthis season's make and designs. They come in chinchillas, winter weight serges and tan and gray mixtures.At $12.75A limited number of women's dresses in finest velvet, silkcorduroy, challe and serges, mostly in sizes 34, 36 and 38.Camp Fire School DressesShown Here ExclusivelyIt is not necessary for your daughter to be a Camp FireGirl to wear one of these dresses. They are excellent instyle for school wear. A nation-wide sensation. Visitour Suit Department and see these popular and attractivegarments for girls and young women.These Dresses come in two styles. Simple but effective models; representing an entirely new idea in clothingfor girls. Every dress bears an official registered labletrade mark of the Camp Fire Girls' organization, whichgives assurance that these are the official dresses as endorsed by the national officers in New York City.Price $12.751lea jlaw $ga7Formerly Kaufman, Straus c Co,exingtorijBuilding LotsForSale atBeing a non-resident of Paris, ISaturday, November 16, 1912, at 2 p. m.,on the premises, my property situated on the west side of Main street, inParis. Ky. The property, which was formerly and perhaps better known asthe Pullen place, consists of a parcel of land, fronting 88 feet on Main streetand extending back 100 feet, more or less, and containing a large two-storyframe residence.The property is especially adapted for building sites for business housesrand will be offered in four lots, each fronting 22 feet on Main street, thenlots No. 1 and 2. containing the house, will be offered together, then entireboundry will be offered as a whole, and best bid acceptedThe property is located near the center of the business district, on theshady side of the street, and would make an excellent investment for anyone, as the demand for business houses and sites for same is steadily inTERMSLiberal and made knownFor further information, addressParis Lighting Plants Are Sold.By the terms of a deal closed Fridaythe Paris Gas and Electric Co., a Kentucky corporation, doing a generalpower and illuminating business inthis city, passed into the hands of theLight and Development Co.,', a corporation composed of St. Louis capitalists.The deal has been pending for several weeks and rumors concerning thetransaction have been on foot and withthe prospects of the deal being consummated the transter was not wholly unexpected. The information of the purchase was conveyed to Mayor J. T.Hinton by Mr.aj. uiuatft, ui ol.u iv..n.u e cr..Louis, president of the new company,wno was in tne city Friday and gaveonH oQout tne information that the plant hadchanged hands and the companyassumed charge on that datefAccording to Mr. Wurdack he andhis associates will return to Paris inthe next two weeks to inspect the gasand electric plants here and discussplans for the future conduct of thebusiness. A representative of tnevuiiiiaiij wm nc hcic iu i;uuj.ex.- WilliMayor Hinton and the members of thecity ccuncil at the next regular councilmeeting, at which time they will present a contract for lighting the citythat will prove satisfactory to the officials of the company arid the people ofParis. Mr. C. L. Steenbergen, the local superintendent of the Paris plants,will be retained, together with his assistants in their respective positions. "Frnm thp fnnt hf hQ f.M'nnmoa an annn nffnv U ..w.xbu au auuu aiicx uic icueiju au-nouncement of tne Central KentuckyNatural Gas. Co. that it intends to extend its lines to this city, it gives risetot he opinion that the new purchasersof the Paris lighting plants" are connected with this company. This, however, is not known to be" a fact. Officials of the natural gas company werehere several weeks ago and gave outthe information that they would invadeibis field in the early spring, and theofficials expressed the hope that satisfactory arrangements could be madewith the local company, but in anyevent the gas would be provided theresidents of Paris next year.1Instead of$10.00 and $15.00XW.kL.Instead of $15.00,$20.00 and $25.00jrCeniuccuHousesFusinessorAuctionhave decided to sell at public outcrv onon day of sale. D. M. CT7RR v.Harris & Speakes, Paris, Ky.Beckham Addresses Big Crowd.The final rally of the Demucrats ofBourbon county was held in this citvyesterday and fully eight hundred peo"ple were out to hear the address of former Go". J. C. W.?s Beckham, whichwas made at the court house. Thelarge Circuit Court room was filled tooverflowing and a large number wereturned away, being unable to gain admittance. Mayor J. T. Hinton, chairman ofthe Bourbon County Campaign Committee, who has taken an active partin the campaign, has been actively en-, r i.i " i . . . .i ?8tflV"r ""a" weeK in worKing up",c Ltxl,J U11U wasrevtaraea witn one orthe largest crowds that ever assembledm. J in thiXcity to attend apolitical meetnad ; ing.ine meetme was a test of the senti-" ,, " i Vote01 ""on county" lue ejBC"on loa?v, and tne cl?f2dntnusiastic; Former Gin iiiu eiecuuii louav. ana tne nrowaGovernor Beckham, was introduced by Hon.C. M. Thomas. Mr. Beckham" held thecrowd for almost two hours and dehv--,-3 ,,i-UU uj erLla.7Lyai5Il adress.He referred to the Dolitical issues ofthe day and compared the record ofthe three presidential aspirants. Inhis remarks he paid a high tribute tothe Democratic presidential candidatean.d by facts and figures displayed therecords of both Taft and Roosevelt.A revision of the tariff he said hadbeen the legislation promised the people oi the0i.lHe country ior a great manyyarS DUt inthe cases of the two former presidents, there had only been arevision upward and no relief had beenaccorded the people.Mr. Beckham's speech was warmlyreceived and the "speaker was frequently interrupted by storms of applause. Don't waste your money buyingstrengthening pasters. Chamberlain'sLiniment is cheaper and better. Dampen a piece of flannel with it and bindit over the affected parts and it willrelieve the pain and soreness. Forsale by all dealers.f-t. .. ,, ,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOVEMBER 5, 1912.flffi BOURBON NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGRents Residence in East Paris.Mr. Ernest Hough has leased fromMrs. Kate Kinder her residence inKast Paris and will move to the property today. Mrs. Kinder will spendthe winter in Florida., Best Offer expires tonight at 9.Box Supper at Cane Ridge.The patrons of the Cane Ridgeschool will give a box supper at theschool house on Cane Ridge pike onFriday evening. November 8. Proceedsto be used.for the benefit of the school.The Best Candy Made.Miss Holladay's home made candiesare now on sale at ISruce Holladay's.15 tfA Good Investment.For a good investment you could findno better proprety than that adjoiningthe postoffice. It will be offered Saturday at ten o'clock. Two buildinglots and a modern cottage. Read advertisement in another column.Rye and Timothy.Vr have choice Northern and homegov -i seed ry Iso timothy seed, forsaU.2C :f R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.Hickory j a' ts.Big let of hickory nu on hand.Sold by Deck or bushel.C. P. COOK.Work on Residence.The concrete foundation for the newcottage of Mr. W. A. Wallen, on Cvpress street has been completed andcMrpenters are now engaged on theframe work of the structure. It isplanned to finish the building by December 1.Something New.See thosejjbeautiful sweet grass baskets on display at our store. Theyare beauties.PARIS BOCK CO.10.000 extra votes until 9 p. m.To Pave Georgetown StreetsThe business portion of Main street,from Hamilton to Broadway, inGeorgetown, is to be paved with asphalt macadam, work having begunThursday. The contract was let bythe city to Wm. Wheeler, of OysterBay, N. Y.TURKEYSWe will begin receivingturkeys for the Thanksgivingmarket next Monday, Nov. 1 1 .We pay the highest marketprice.2t CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.Buys Ammerman Farm.A deed was lodged with CountyClerk Pearce Paton last week by Mr.E. W. Ammerman, ot Bourbon county,whereby the latter sells his inrm of140.33 acres, located on the Millersburg and Cynthiana pike, to Mr. JohnW. Knox, of Harrison countv. Theprice paid for the place was rut madepublic.Cure That Headache.Try one of those fine pillows we havejust received. They will cuie theheadache and greatly relieve hay fever, catarrh, throat and ,lung trouble.PARIS BOOK CO.Valuable Property at Auction.Read the description of the two beautiful building lots to be offered at public sale on Saturday, November 12, atten o'clock, also modern cottage adjoining the postoffice. This is the bestlocated property in the City Jof Pans.Cottage is occupied by a good tenantand has all modern conveniences.Advertisement appears in another column. TURKEYS.We will begin receivingturkeys for the Thanksgivingmarket next Monday, Nov.11. We pay highest marketprice.2t CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.New Stock of Pictures.Our new stock of beautiful picturesfor the holiday trade is now on display.Call in and take your pick andS have itlaid aside.PARIS BOOK CO.Committee Appointed.Dr. "A. H. Keller, president of thenewly organized United Charities Association, has appointed the followinggentlemen on the Cornmittpe of Organization: Rev. Dr. B. M. Strive, pastorof the Presbyterian church ; Rev. W.tl. Ellis, pastor of the Christianchurch,' Mr. Henry Power and Dr. F.P. Campbell. Dr. Keller, who by reason of his office becomes chairman ofthe committee, will call !the memberstogether when by-laws for the conductot the association will be framed. Ameeting of the association will be heldin the next few days, at which timethe committee on organization willmake a report and a permanent organization will be affected at that time.Cut Flowers.Let us fi.l your orders for cut flowers, for weddings, partes, funerals,etc" PromDt attention civen and satisfaction guaranteed.I 2t JO. VARDEN.FERSONAL MENTION.Dr. M. H. Dailey ih visitinghismoiner in Jackson county.Mr.ru. S. G. Pepper, of Millereburg, left yesterday for Canada.Mrs. Rudolph Davis will entertainwith a tea next Wednesday afternoon.Mrs. Ragsdale, of Tennessee, is theguest of Mrs James McClure on Vinestreet.Miss Ollie Chambers visited relatives in Lawrenceburg Saturday andSunday.R Mr. and Mrs. Percy Jameson leftSunday for a brief visit to relativesin Indianapolis, Ind.Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Roberts andson are visitingtre!atives and friendsin New Salem,, Ind.Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Foge whohave been visiting in Mt. Sterling,nave returned home.Mrs. Jos. Godman continuesill in Lexington where she isquiteunderthe care of a specialist.Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraftwas the guest last week of Miss MaryLeonard Cassell in Lexington.Mrs. Amos Turney will entertainat luncheon next Thursday and atcards Friday afternoon.Mrs. Nellie Davis Weeks has returned from a delightful visit to Mrs.Lula Hall Dunn, at Columbus, O.Miss Elizabeth Jasper left Saturday morning to spend a week withMrs. Henry Craig in Georgetown.Mrs. W. M. Ditchen, of Chicago,is here for a visit to her mother. Mrs.S. M . Wilmoth, on Houston avenue.Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay, Mrs.Georgia Stuart and Miss Lou K. Williams have gone to UrytRidge Springs.Mrs. Alex Miller, Mrs. RobertJohnson and Miss Louise Myall, ofMillersburg, were visitors in Paris Saturday. Mrs. T. M. Funk was'called to Nicholasville baturday en account of theserious illness of her brother,Harry West.Mrs. Kate Kinder and son,Thomas Butler, will leave todaySt. Petersburg, Fla., where theyMr.Mr.forwillspend the winter.Mr. Calvin Whalen and Miss Nannie Bramel were married Saturday afternoon by Magistrate L. J. Fretweliat the court house.Mr. Jason Redmon, r who for thepast several months has been in Canada is here with his parents, Mr. andMrs. Cassell Redmon.Miss Lucy Butler, who is a student at the Johnson school in Lexington was the guest Sunday of her father, Mr. Thomas Butler.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Aker and sonleft Thursday to spend a few days inLexington before going to St. Cloud,Fla., to reside permanently.Mrs. James H. Mulligan, Mrs. Cecil Cantrill, of Lexington, and Mrs. J.C Cantrill, of Georgetown, were guestsFriday of Mrs. C. M. Clay.Misses Elsie and Freidea Heller.students at State University, Lexington, visited their parents, Mr. andMrs. P. M. Heller, in this city.Misses Mary Batterton. NancyGi frith and Sallie Adair were guestsa party given b.v Mrs. Walter Morri . at her home in Lexington Friday.g Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Bell entertained a number of their friends Thursdayevening with a Hallowe'en party attheir country home near this city.Judge and Mrs. Denis Dundon returned Friday night from their wedding trip to New Orleans, and thenceby steamer to New York City, and areat their home on Houston avenue.1 Mrs. J. A. Waggoner entertainedat her home on the Cynthiana pike Saturday evenjng with a party in honor ofMiss Jessie Mae Ockerman and herschool at Kiserton. The children ofthe school were chaperoned by Mrs.Eddie Keller.Mrs. E. L. Stone, teacher of thethird grade in the Public School entertained her pupils with a Hallowe'enparty Thursday evening at her homeon'East Fourth street. About fortyyoung people enjoyed the occasion, apart of the entertainment being a visitto the Columbia Theater.Mrs. J. W. Miller, of Nashville,Tenn.. is the guest of Misses Carrieand Helen Frank tor the Frank-Browningwedding in this city tomorrowevening. Mr. John A. Fitzgerald, ofNew York, is also here for the wedding and Dr. Louis Frank and family.vj'l rr.otor through from Louisville today. Help your, favorite,pires at 9 tonight.Best offer ex-Fire, wind and lightning Insurance. Thomas & Woodford.Sale of City Property.'I Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold yesterday at the court house door for Master Commissioner C. A. McMillan, theBurnett property, located in the OldFair Grounds Addition at corner ofNineteenth and Brent streets, to theDeposit Bank of Paris for SU0.Two Hunters Arrested.The first arrests for violations of thenew game laws to occur in Bourboncounty were made by Game WardenJames Gibson yesterday when warrants were issued for Clay Laughlinand Ed Igo, two white men of NorthMiddletown precinct. The warrantswere the result of alleged violationsof the game laws and three chargeswere preferred. It is alleged the menwere hunting on the farm of Mr.Henry S. Caywood near North Middle-town and are charged with huntingwithout a license and out of seasonand unlawfully having in their possession a rabbit killed with a gun.Warden Gibson, who was recentlyappointed by State Agent of the Fish4and Game Commission. J. QuincyWard, is determined to enforce thelaw to the letter and is making a goodstart in that direction. The trial ofLaughlin air Igo will take place inNorth Middletown Wednesday.Street Surface Roughened.The surface of Main street from thecounty jail to the Argicultural Bank,on Broadway, was on Friday roughened through the use of the heavysteam roller,which was equipped withheavy steel spikes. The condition ofthe street was such as to be unsafe forhorses and this imean3 was employedto help horses and mules driventhrough the street.The matter was attended to by thecity authorities immediately upon theexpiration of the guarantee of the National Bitumen Co., of Indianapolis,Ind., which company constructed thestreet. The street has in no senseprovpn satisfactory to the city andMayor Hinton notified the bondingcomnany of Indianapolis, which wasfinancially back of the National Bitumen uo., tnat trie city would not accept the street.Since the street was repaired lastspring there have been a number of accidents. but only in a few cases hasanything of a serious nature resulted.The contract held with the construcion company expired Thursday at midnight. In order to safeguard the city's interest Mr. Hinton refrained from interfering with the streetguntii the National Bitumen Co.'s guarantee hadexDired. It will now devolve upon thebonding company to make a satisfactory settlement with the city and thequestion will be tafken up at once.Best Vote offer of the contest closesat 9 o'clock tonight.Missionary Rally November 17.The Missionary Rally of the BibleSchools of the church of Christ inBourbon county will be held at theChristian church in this city on November 17. at 2:45 p. m. An excellentprogram is being arranged and will beannounced next week. All of the Bible schools in thercounty will be announced next week. All of the Bibleschools in the county will take part inthe rally.Mr. Walter E. Frazee, State Evangelist of the State of Kentucky, willbe on the nrogram for an address.His subject will be "A Message FromKentucky."Contest DeDt. opentonight.until 9 o'clockMoose Meeting Wednesday.Loyal Order of Moose will meet inK. of P. Hall Wednesday night. Nov.6, at 8:15 for institution of the lodge.Charter signers and applicants areiequested to be present. National Director A. B. Winsett will again behere. H. F. Counod dictatoi of Lima,O., lodge will be present to assistantaddress the members.THEATRICAL.HYATT & LENORE BLACK ANDWHITE MINSTRELS.The Hyatt & Lenore Black and WhiteMinstrels opened a week's engagement at the Grand last night to a largeaudience. This company consists ofsevenjpeople, three ladies and fourgentlemen. The new soncs and dancing specialties were the best seen attheGrand for some time. The velvetsetting used. by the company is veryhandsome.and would fit in well with amuch larger minstrel. The two reelsof pictures were entertain ng and theshow taken as awhole will no doubtattract each night as large an audience during the remainder of the weekas they did last night.As an added feature election returnswilljjbe announced from the stage tonight. The house will be left openafter the show until it is determinedwho is elected. Two shows will begiven tonight so there will be no dullwaits between returns. The first showstarts at 7:30.ALAMO.The Alamo Theatre will have threefeature nictures this week. Wednesday "The Life of Buffalo Bill" inthree reels ; Friday, Pathe's new handcolored Passion Playin three reels and"The Holy City" in one reel; Saturday, Kid McCoy, the noted pugliist in"The Great Jewel Robbery."TURKEYS.We will begin receivingturkeys for the Thanksgivingmarket next Monday, Nov. 1 1 .We pay the highest marketprice.2t CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.rive43We Invite You to Open anAccount With Us.You Are Assured of FairTreatment.Liberal Accommodations.3 per cent, on Time Deposits.Capital 100,000.00Bourbon Bank &Trust Co.Surplus and Profits... 50,000.00Our. Trust Departmentacts as Administrator, Executor, Guardian or Trusteein all trust capacities.A safe and competentcustodian of your property.Kin Fined for Reckless Driving.The trial of Harry King, of Carlisle,charged with reckless driving in thecity of 'Paris was called in police courtrefore Judge E. B. Januaiy yesterdaymorning. The offense is alleged tohave been committed several weeksago, in which King, while driving at arapid rate of speed in the city limits,struck and killed a horse belongingto Mrs. Kose Flanders. The case hasbeen set for trial several times andpostponed until yesterday when Kingentered a plea of guilty and was assessed the minimum fine of S7.50The case of Henry McGinley, charged with carrying concealed weapons,was postponed until Wednesday at 2:30o'clock.Wm. Kemper, colored, charged withdisorderly conduct, was dismissed andJohn Prewitt charged with a breach of! the peace was also dismissed.Thanksgiving Sale.The ladies of the Presbyterian churchwilg hold their annual Thanksgivingsale at Mr. Geo. W. Davis' store Wednesday before Thanksgiving. Allkinds of edibles, cakes, dressed fowls.beatenlbiscuitand other good thingswill be on sale.Never have vouheard in any musicalinstrument a tone sowonderfully sweet,clear and mellow.Hearinsf is believinor-r 'Lome m anyobligation-time no& .fiwreltj r iwm& zhISPECIAL50 Pairs Irish Point Lace Curtains,Full Width and Full Length,Beautiful Patterns, Worth$7.50, price whilethey lastS4.98J See four enormous line of Curtains and Draperies,gg daintyrcolored bed-room Curtains of muslin,B $1.00 and $1.25 pair.White, Ecru or Colored Draperies of Scrim, EttamineJjP or Marquisette Large Stock to Select From. 'g LW. ED. TUCKER.l Deletasian Goods IImportedRollmop Herring (Pickled)& HallandllierringKippered HerringFrench SardinesCrab MeatDomesticmmmCream,BriclkiiPimento'Chees. ,I rrs p o r tec! ' ' - -'rr? rir .j'j L ComenberfcrrTt' FreshOystersjT-Fresh Grated1&3 gjnr.(ThelHotlKind) &"The Home of Good& J&&JP& -fionaistr- & .a sn2B rjDear CLmy:-q9 dorc'f -jondeA Aai. Jennie's hnALanci saysclown -JLoivn nL$.fl6 so rn.-u.eh, She cloexSrc'i Smo caAc a hlng. a&oix jHlng. ixp her home.?&e uroTLldn'i. mind giving, her he money oirxiy fxirnit-aAe urih, eiheA, if. ihe'JLJL only $.0 Liiyi and keep i looking. Aig.h when she g.eA i.Gill 6he hinki alro-a it how she look& when shei6 oxl no urha heA home look like.CLAMsa.t,& yo-aA fAiend,jCoxl.(P. S. Jennie oxiid furni&h heA home 60 niceLyx6h iA6c.la&l fvLrnixxAe and foA 60 lilemoney, 00, if. Ahe tvo-ald only visirIand Jk .-Cheese - HceSHibfer's SausageHorseradish?7Thinars to Eat9.4THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOVEMBER 5, 1912Hjohinmra,iiwMS?,k TARIFF FORREVENUE ONLYLast Means of Kentucky FarmsinrouFor QtitBlning Relief.CAMDEN'S TELLING ADDRESSChairman of the Kentucky DemocraticCampaign Committee Tells SomePlain Truths at the Meeting of theState Central and State ExecutiveCommittees In Louisville PresentPolitical Situation the Subject ofa Masterly Analysis.At the meeting of the state centralmcd state executive committees inLouisville on Oct. 29th, J. N. Camden,chairman of the state campaign committee, delivered a strong and effective address on the present politicalsituation. The speech, was of a veryprogressive character. He advocatedand declared emphatically for a tarifffor revenue only as the last meansof obtaining relief for the agriculturalinterests of Kentucky.Chairman Camden spoke in part asfollows:"In August you honored me withthe position of chairman of the statecampaign committee, for the purposei conducting the presidential campaign In Kentucky. Since then thecommittee has labored hard, to thead that every precinct in the stateshould be properly organized and thefull Democratic vote polled on electionday. We are now on the last lap ofthe race; we are rounding into thehome stretch, and a week from todaythe race will be over."However, this is not the time forme to talk as to what has been done.The results next Tuesday will speakfor themselves. After election day itwill be the duty, as well as the please, of the campaign committee torender to you, the constituted and.governing authority of the state Democracy, a full account of our stewardchip. Express Thanks."In the meantime, I can not allowthis opportunity to pass without bearing testimony in your presence to theintelligent, faithful and unremittinglabor of the vice chairman of the campaign committee, Judge S. "W. Hager;of our very able, forceful and conscientious secretary, W. O. Davis; ofH. V. McChesney, chairman of theppeakers' bureau, the value of whosework, day and night, is beyond anypower of expression; and eacb member of the campaign committee, fromthe Firat to the Eleventh districts.They have certainly fought a goodfight and kept the faith. Their laborslave been supplemented and theirlisnds upheld by the members of thestate central and executive committees in their respective counties; bythe county and precinct chairmen, bythe Democratic speakers, who havecontributed freely of their time andtheir talents toward expounding the.principles of Democracy upon thestump, and last, but not least, by theearnest and conscientious support ofthe Democratic press of the state.National Politics."A few words as to national politics, and the condition of the partiesthroughout the country. The Republican party is today hopelessly rentin twain. Its house is divided, but notover any real question of national policy or abiding political principles, butiB divided largely by a personal quarrel and political feud between the twochief leaders of the Republican party;one the president of the UnitedStates, the other the only living expresident. "It has gone the way of the oldDemocratic party of 1860, when JohnC. Breckinridge led a bolt against thenomination of Stephen A. Douglass.The feeling between the Republicanfactions is even more bitter, and thesplit in the party more deep-seated2nd lasting than in the seventies andearly eighties, when James G. Blaineand Roscoe Conkling fought for supremacy. The Democratic party haswaited long, but it is now coming intoits own.Taft and Roosevelt."The Republican party, as led byPresident Taft, represents the reactionary or so-called 'stand pat or hightariff element of the party who arenow in office, and whose thirst forspoils is so insatiate that they desireto holi on to the pilot wheel of theUnited States government at any cost."The Progressive party, under theleadership of ex-President Roosevelt,has adopted a platform dealing principally with matters of state legistetioa, in the faint hope of being carried into power in the general political confusion. Some planks are gooda&d some bad, but it is clear that theywere grouped together in a conglomerate mass for the sole purpose ofgetting the votes of emotional and unthiaking people, regardless of the factthat they could not be put into effectby the federal government, even ifthe Progressives through any miraclecald elect a president or secure amajority in congress. Rooseveltstands for a high tariff also.Tariff Subterfuge."The central and controlling policy-of the Republican party, about whicheverything else revolves, is the highprotective tariff. Their platformadopted at Chicago declares at thecutset and makes of paramount importance the upholding of the principle of 'protection.' The ostensiblereason given in the platform is forthe purpose of 'protecting our working men against competition withcheaper labor abroad, thus establishing for our wage earners the American standard of living.'"What are the facts? This talk ofthe tariff being necessary to protectthe American wage earner from competition with cheap labor abroad isthe merest subterfuge."The revelations made by the investigation of the strike at Lawrence,Mass., on the part of the mill operatives of the American Woolen, company a short time ago show thefalsity of the Republican platformdeclaration on this subject. TheAmerican Woolen company, or WoolenTrust, as it is generally known, is oneof the chief beneficiaries of the protective tariff. Its owners and stockholders have become enormously rich byvirtue of legislation in the matter oftariff schedules, particularly the famous, or rather infamous, Schedule K.Lawrence Strike."The strike at Lawrence and inneighboring towns In New Englandhas taught one good lesson. It hasbrought out the fact that the American Woolen company instead of usingthe tariff for the purpose of protecting American labor and endeavoringto uphold the American wage earner'sstandard of living has been using imported labor, has been paying starvation wages and making no effort whatever to better conditions of the American laborer. The high protectivetariff has simply enabled the WoolenTrust to charge exorbitant prices tothe consumers generally without anycompensating benefit even to thewage earners in its own employ. Thefabulous profits made out of clothingFold to the people of this countryhave gone solely toward paying dividends to the stockholders of theAmerican Woolen company and alliedtrusts."The same conditions regarding theeffect of the tariff on the cost of clothing have been found to exist. In thesteel industry of the United States.It has made a few men enormouslyrich at the expense of the many."On the question of the tariff theProgressives are as firmly wedded totheir idols as the Taft Republicans. They hold out no hope of reliefto the American farmer, wage earneror ordinary business man. In all ofhis speeches Mr. Roosevelt avoidsmaking any deiinite stand upon thisquestion."Tariff For Revenue Only.""The Democratic party's position,a3 expressed in its platform, andenunciated by its candidate for president, is clear and unequivocal. I mayadd that one of the prime reasonswhy I am a Democrat and have alwaysbeen a Democrat, as my father wasbefore me, is the fact that I believefirmly that the United States government has no moral right to levy adollar's tax under the guise of a protective tariff or in any other way forthe benefit of any individual or corporation, but should be limited solelyto collecting taxes for the support ofthe government itself; in other words,a 'tariff for revenue only.'"Kentucky is, in the main, an agricultural state. A majority of the people of this commonwealth are dependent for their livelihood upon the tilling of the soil, and when the farmerprospers and has money to spend thecities and towns reap the benefit.This city, the metropolis of the state,"where we are now meeting, dependsfor its prosperity upon the conditionof the agricultural interests of thestate."What is the effect of the tariffupon the Kentucky farmer? By virtue of the tariff the InternationalHarvester company Is today sellingplows, reapers, threshing machinesand other agricultural implementscheaper abroad than at home. TheHarvester Trust sells at one price tothe farmers and wheat raisers of theArgentine Republic, Canada andRussia, and at a much higher price tothe farmers of the United States. Yetin selling our products of the farmwe are compelled to compete on theLiverpool market, a free trade market, with those countries.Personal Experience."I may speak feelingly on this subject, but I feel simply as every farmerdoes who has studied the question.My life has been spent upon a farmnnd farming is today my business. Inlaising corn, wheat and tobacco, aswell as sheep, hogs and cattTe, I knowfrom practical experience the effectcf a high protective tariff upon thefarming industry. Every Kentuckyfarmer knows that the greater part ofof the profit which is rightly his goeslo swell the dividends of some protected manufacturing industry."Fifty-eight years ago the Republican party came into being. It wascreated and organized as a radical,militant and aggressive 'young man's'Tarty. After the repeal of the Missouri Compromise in the spring of1S54 at the instance of the slave-holdinginterests, the Republican partysprung into being as an organizedprotest against the further extensionof human slavery into the territories.It was not then a high-tariff party. Protection was not one of the cardinalprinciples of the original Republicanparty. That policy came afterwardsKith the Civil war and reconstructionperiod."In fact, the Republican party, whenit was really a party of principle,was in favor of a 'tariff for revenueonly.' In 1J56, when General John C.Fremont was a candidate agai&ttJames Buchanan, at the first presidential election when the Republicanparty had a ticket in the field, tlfcampaign slogan of the Republicanparty was:"Free Soil, Free Trade and Fremont."The Republican leaders, at thattime declared that they would firstfree the slaves and afterwards liberate trade of its shackles. They conjured with the name of Thomas Jefferson as a patron saint."The Big Business interests of thenorthern states were opposed to theRepublican party at its inction andwere united on political lines withthe slaveholding interests of the farsouth, who dominated the administration of Franklin Pierce and JamesBuchanan. The backbone of the Republican party at that time was thefarmer and wage earner of the northand west."After the war, when the Republican party had become the dominantpolitical force in this country, the bigbusiness interests turned' to it by aprocess of gravitation. Every year theinterests tightened their giip uponthe Republican party. They financodRepublican campaigns and in returnwaxed fat on tariff legislation at thehands of that party. Today Wall streetand its all"?d interests are divided between Taft and Roosevelt. Perkins,Morgan and McCormick are supportingRoosevelt, while the Carnegie andRockefeller interests favor Mr. Taft.Readjustment Period."In the great oities of the eastthere are fabulous fortunes; most ofthem amassed since the Civil war byvirtue of a protective tariff. On somestreets there are 'miles of millionaires,' yet within a few blocks youcan find countless men with familiesreduced to the depths of poverty,starvation and suffering. This country is fast reaching a period for readjustment, and unless proper measures are taken in the interests of thepeople as a whole it will only be aquestion of time when we shall beconfronted with the same industrialchaos which now confronts England,Germany and France."The Democratic party now standsi prepared, earnestly, honestly, intelligently and fearlessly to grapple withthe solution of the manifold problemsof this country, and it can be depended upon, under its present nationalj leadership, to see that so far as fedj eral legislation may bring it about the; burdens of taxation shall be liftedi from the shoulders of the masses ofI .V 1 J iu. .. i .i 1tion and concentration of wealth prevented. "I would not detract one jot or onetittle from the credit due the benefactors who have endowed libraries, hospitals and universities of learning, butthe education of the youth of the landand the care of the aged and unfortunate should not be left to depend' upon the charity, philanthropy orbounty of individuals. The time willcome, and I hope to see it under therule of the Democratic party, whenthe great mass of the American people of every station in life will havethat to which they are enttiled as amatter of right and not by the graceof any man or set of men."FRIGHT SCARES FORTH HAIRExperience of Arkansas Man AttackedIn Dark by Catamount.Long has it been a recognized factthat the greatest of discoveries maycome, not through long conducted andfatigu'ng search, but In the twinklingcf an eye in an accidental manner.Such a discovery now hails from Murfreesboro, Pike county, Arkansas.A resident of that village enteredhis woodshed in the gloom of a Marchevening to split an armful of woodfor the next morning's breakfast, Ashe did so he was met by a demoniaccry that froze the genial current ofhis blood, and at the same moment astrange animal sunk its claws deepinto the poor man's shoulder. The attack had been made by the mostvicious animal of the cat kind, knownas a catamount in Arkansas, and abogcat farther west.The man in describing this attacktold of the freezing effect upon hisscalp. He succeeded in fighting offthe varmint.Following this came the discovery.It seems that he was quite bald, withno hope of any return of hair, but ina few days after his fright there began to appear healthy hair follicles,and succeeding this he has had a remarkable return of hair. This reappearance is accounted for by savants.The hair of the Murfreesboro manhad been in hiding and something wasneeded to scare it out. The catamountdid this. There are doubtless otherswho would like to try this heroicremedy, but real catamounts are notwithin the reach of everybody.Always an Anti-Climax.It is always reassuring to read ofRome millionaire's son who, dressedin overalls, has taken up some hard,rrimy job at a few dollars a week,just as a poor farmer's or mechanic'sson might do. But his election in afew weeks to the directorship or vicepresidency of his father's businesshhows a growth that boys of morehumble parentage can hardly hope toequal. Christian Science Monitor.The Germany Way.A German soldier recently was sentenced to six months' imprisonmentfor obtaining a leave of absence onj the ptea of attending a hale andt hearty grandmother's funeral. TheFmall boy baseball "fans" In thiscountry will probably shudder athanksgiving that they are not in theGerman army.DiscouragedNervousMenendWomenThe Great Tonic, Tona Vila, isBuilding Them Up ByThousands.A fewyears ago if you were nervousand all run down with little '.strengthand poor health generally, you wouldhave wondered what to do to buildyourself up..Nowadays if you remain in this misreable condition! day longer it is yourown fault. Tona Vita the wonderfultonic that has built up thousands ofpeople in the last two year3, is readyto help you.Get it at once. Take it a few weeksand your health and strength will return withonut fail. You will feel likea new person almost from the firstdose of this pleasant tasting tonic.Weigh yourself after takinc TonaVita one week and see how much youhave gained in weight.Tona Vita is sold by Chas E. Butler& Co.GAUGING DOWNFALL OF RAINScientific Instruments Have Made Ita Matter of Absolute Mathematical Precision.Few people really understand howrain is measured. We often read inthe newspaper that so many inchesof rain have fallen during a certainperiod, but it is difficult to realizewhat an inch of it actually means.The British Rainfall association haveyears' records of rainfalls in all partsof the United Kingdom. They havereports from several thousand stations, which are sent in by peoplewho "work" the business as a kindof hobby. There are several woodenstructures now in use for measuringrain, and these are known as"gauges." The most skillful is a contrivance with a funnel at the top,through which the water passes intoa cup-receiver. The weight of therain automatically works a pencil.This marks on a sheet of paper woundround a cylinder, and when it hasmarked in this fashion two-tenths ofan inch, the cup tilts over and emptiesthe contents. The pencil returns toits former position, and the same littledevice is repeated incessantly until therain ceases to fall, while the pencilcontinues to register on the paperattached.What Texans Admireis hearty, vigorous life, according toHugh Tallman, of San Antonio. "Wefind," he writes, "that Dr. King'sNew Life Pills surely put new life andenergy into a person. Wife and I believe they are the best made." Excellent for stomach, liver or kidneyftroubleB. 25 cents at Oberdorfer's. gThere could be no better medicinethan Chamberlain's Cough Remedy.My children were all sick with whooping cough. One of them was in bed,had a high fever and w as coughing upblood. Our doctor gave them Chamherlain's Cough Remedy and the firstdose eased them, and three bottles cured them," says Mrs. R. A. Donaldson,of Lexington. For sale by all dealers.State of Ohio, city of Toledo, Lucascounty, sb.Frank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner uf the firm ot bJ. Cheney & Co., doing business in thecity of Toledo, county and State aforesaid, and that said firm will Day thesura of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARSfor each and every case of Catarrhat cannot be eured by the use ofKalFs Catarrh Cure.FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and subscribedin my presence, this 6th day of December, A. D. 1886.A. W. Gleason,Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh CuTe is taken internally and acts directly upon the blooda nd mucous surfaces o the system.Sen3 for testimonials free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, 0.Sold by all druggists, 75 cents.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. The boy's appetite is often thesource of amazement. If you wouldhave such an appetite take Chamberlain's Tablets. They not only create ahealthy appetite, but strengthen thestomach and enable it to work naturally. For sale by all dealers.Cflrtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionMot and Cold Baths at AllHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Patronage Solicited.DBffSBBQUlUmStop That Ache.Any ache or pain in any part of thebody can be relieved with Shipp'sQuick Relief Liniment. 100 rewardif it fails and the purchaseprice is notreufnded. Try Jtand see. " 50 cents atall druggists.per FM LOANS!cent, $i5ooo to $100,000W. KING & SON,125 Cheapsldc, Lexington, Ky.Lexington Military Bondand Orchestra,112 West Main St.LEXINGTON, KY.music For All Occasion!TELEPHONES: New185 and 638; Old,Only such music willbe supplied as will bea pleasure to our patrons and a credit tothe organization.Notice to CreditorsBOURBONjT.IKCUIT COURT.Jessie B. Barton, etc. - Plaintiffs.vs. Notice to Creditors.Virgil Barton, etc. - Defendants.All persons havingclaims againstthe estate of the decedent, JoshuaBarton, are hereby notified to presentthe same to the undersigned, provenas required by law, on or before the25th day of November 1912,Notice' is further given that by express order of the court all claims notso proven and presented will be barred.chas. a. McMillan.Master Commissioner Bourbon CircuitCourt.October 15, 1912.1513 wks$100 Reward.Will he paid toTany person havingany kind of pain or ache if Shipp'sLiniment fails to give instant reliefand the purchase price is not refunded. Trv it and see. 50c at all druggists.L. dc N. TIPIE-TABLIN EFFECT JAN 14,Trains ArriveFROMAtlanta, Ga., Daily . 5.21 amLexington. Ky., Daily 4.15am.Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.85 am.Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 amRowland, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 amCincinnati, O., Dnily 9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 amLexington, Ky,, Daily.- 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pmKnoxville: Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily " 5.40 pmCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5.47 pmLexington, Ky., Daily -. 6,03 DmLouisville & Frankfort,. Daily Except Sunday 5.5o amJacksonville. Fla., Daily 6.05 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmiNTo.341342971040373123326259138385393083231Trains IDe-peirtNo. TO34 Cincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 arc10 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 8.20 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily , .9.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.24 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10.27 am6 Maysville, K., Daily 12.05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.34 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily s.4q pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.52 pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.57 pm32 Cincinnati, O. , Daily 6.10 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.15 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.25 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily io.57 pm13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.55 pmF dte O. l3C?i:3ME5-a3? A tt ,mIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3, 1911.Trains ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda . s.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .3.30 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday ',, .5.50 pmTrains IDeart!No. TO7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except unrlav 9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky DailyExcept Sunday ;..,.'. 5.53 .pmNotice to CreditorsBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.John T. Burgess' Executors, etc.T Plaintiffs.vs. Notice to Creditors.Williamsburg Institute, etc. -Defendants.All persons having claims againstthe estate of John T. Burgess, deceased, are hereby notified topresent thesame to the undersigned, proven asrequired by law, on or before the 25thday of November, 1912.Also by express order of the court,all claims not so proven and presentedwill be barred.chas. a. McMillan,Master Commissioner Bourbon CircuitCourt.October 15, 1912.15 3 wksTheourh ilopjGo,incorporated.Manufacturers ofHarness, Horse Boots andLeather Novelties ofAll Kinds,All Orders Promptly Executed AndWork Guaranteed.No. 304 Main StreetRepairing of All Kind Done-While You Wait.Opp. Court Mouse.Sam'l Kerslake& Son,Paris, - KentuckyHorse Shoeing,Machine Shop,Automobile Repairinga Specialty.1911. AT llroP. M.GooTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOVEMBER S 1912.MMMW9 O'CLOCKssThe Biggestand Best Offer$Sill Come totTurn In All ThePossible BeforeThose?5We1 Qaar1 antedSubscriptions sent by mail willbe counted under this offer if theenvelope is postmarked not laterthan 9 o'clock to-night. This willgive those outside of the city anecjual chance wEfcira those living afew blocks from fcras office.Send en every subscription youcan get for the&S g itpijpdVv&jkcvbi V?it At 9O'Clock To-Night.Subscribe and Vote For YourFavorite Before the Closing Hour.25!TWINBROSDeiiaiHPIMA!T&82?SubscriptionsThat Hour. fWho Hold Back TheirSubscriptions With the Expecta- &tion of Getting a Bigger VoleOffer Are Going to be BadlyDisappointed, for We Guaranteethis to be the Very Best VoteOffer of the Contest.and Bestjff afm 4 )VC8 IITOH9 my iAWA V25s to a Close!SBKIK&7iK'nSKflVB5fi5laKflVistoie701 -703 Main St.,Invites you to inspect their handsome and stylish display ofFALL DRV GOODS,DRESS GOODS, MISSES'and LADIES' READY-TO-WEARGARMENTS.ISUITS, SKIRTS,MILLINERY,CLOAKS, SHOES, DRESSES.Please Call. Always several toshow our goods.(Continued From Page 1)8cription now brings 44,500 votes: afive year subscription brings 115,000votes, etc. Under this big otter thevotes count up with great rapidity.NOT TRANSFERABLE.One of the rules of the campaign isthat votes are not transferable. Anumber of candidates who have withdrawn from the iace have asked thattheir votes be transferred to someoneelse. This we cannot and will not do.If we did, the different candidateswould be buying and selling votes atthe end and tha one who had the mostmoney would win. Under the systemwhich we work, votes cannot be boughtand every candidate has an equalchance.GETTING ENTHUSED.Enthusiasm is getting more markedeach day. People are just awakeningto the fact that there is an opportnnity that comes but once, in a lifetime.Almost everyone has fixed some timein the future when, "if things goright," they will own an automobile.But here is opprotunity battering attheir very doors. The Bourbon Newsmakes it possible to own an auto within the next few weeks. In this ereatcontest a $910 S'udebaker Five Passenger Touring Car is offered and theinteresting part about the entire affairis that it doesn't require a cent ofcapital. Any preson of good standingin the community may enter. Thecontest is not hedged about by a lot ofrestrictions that prevent anyone fromparticipating. It's purely and simplva matter of proving your own popularity and devoting pome time and attention to the conitbt tor a few weeks.NOTICE.Vote ballots issued on subscriptionsare good at any time up to the closeof the contest and mav be polled andpublished whenever you choose. Whenyou send in a subscription we issueand give or mail the vote ballot to youso that you can use your own discretion in polling it. The votes will notbe published in the paper until theyare put in the ballot box or until youmail them in with the request thatthey be polled and published.DON'T BELIEVE FALSE RUMORS."You might as well quit, Miss .I heard about a fellow whose uncleknows a man who said hi father knewa man who told that he heard about agirl who had over a million vote3 already and she was going to win if shehad to spend a hundred dollars."And here you are. Right away someot the candidates who are of the easily discouraged kind, want to come inand turn over their books with a woebegone expression on their laces andtheir hearts filled with gloom. Onlvthe idle rumor ot some idle party who(Continued on Page 8)Is your husband cross? An irritablefault finding disposition is often dunto a disordered stomach. A man withgood digestion is nearly always goodnatured. A great many have beenpermanently cured of stomach troubleby taking Chamberlain's Tablets. Forsale by all dealers.FOUGHT WITH RAILROAD TRAINHerd of Infuriated Bulls Held TheirOwn In Combat With Masterpiece of Man.At a point on the railway line between Mirabel and Canaveral, on theSpanish side of the boundary line between Spain and Portugal, there onceoccurred an odd sort of bullfight.A train had just come out on asweeping curve from the hills anddown upon a little plain when the engineer saw directly before him a herdof bulls on the tracks. The engineerblew his whistle vigorously and allthe bulls fled, with the exception ofone great fellow, who made straightfor the train with horns lowered androaring defiance.It was too late to prevent a collisionand the bull was killed, but his carcass, lying under the wheels of thelocomotive, prevented the train proceeding. Passengers and crew unitedto clear the track. In the meantimethe great herd of bulls, scenting theblood of their dead leader, came flocking back, pawing and threatening. Thenearer they came the more infuriatedthey grew, and finally they chargedlike a whirlwind on the little band ofworkers.Then all the men abandoned theirtask and took refuge in the cars. Thebulls followed them to the very steps,bellowing and pawing. Soldiers aboardthe train tried to stampede the animals -with stoneB. The bulls recoiled,charged again, recoiled once more;and 'for two hours the battle raged,victory now seeming to be with oneside and now with the other. At lastas night came on, the bulls -withdrewand betook themselves to some distant shelter. Then the employes andpassengers "were able to set to workagain. The track was cleared andthe train proceeded on H way.25 VOTEFill out as directed and seifd to the Campaign Manager, THE BOURBON NEWS, Paris, Ky. Votes cannotbe bought. They must be cut from THE BOURBONNEWS or secured on subscriptions.Not Good After November SfoGREAT AUTOMOBILEThis Coupon will Count for 25 VOTESForDist. No.Address.DETAILS OF ADT0M0BLEAND PRIZE 1CAMPAING,RULES OF THE CONTEST.The camnaign is open to every whiteDerson possessing good character, residing within the" limits of the territory of the contest.Candidates and their friends maysecure subscriptions anywhere. Nospceial ballots will be issued for lessthan two dollars.Candidates must be entered from thedistrict in which they reside, and cannot move from one district to the other and retain the votes to their creditin the former district.The campaign manager reserves theright to reject any candidate and topass final judgment on any questionwhich mav arise.Votes once issued cannot be changedto count foranother candidate.Candidates compete only against thecontestants living in tne same districtas themselves for the district prizes.The campaign manager reserves theright to make anv changes or alterations in the rules and conditions thatmay be necessary 10 the best interestsof the contest.No promise, or agreement, eitherwritten or verbal, made by agents, solicitors or representatives, other thanthose published in the Bourbon Newswill be recognized. ,The rules and conditions eiven annusare to govern the'eontest of The New'sTand all candidates entering the contestagree to be governed by the rules andconditions as above set forth.THE CAPITAL PRIZE.The Grand or Capital Prize offeredin this great campaign is a handsome$910 Flanders touring car one of thebest known and most reliable carsx inthe country. It was purchased especially for this great campaign from theBourbon Garage and is now ondisplay. It is a machine of buperbmechanical qualities and will excitethetgreatest interest in every lucalitywhere the joy ot automobiling isknown. The desire is intense in everywide awake person to own a beautifulcar that means so much personal joyand for the entertainment of familyand friends. The publisher "1 theBourbon News takes the greatestpleasure in being able to put such amachine in the possession of somepopular person in this section as a reward for their-industrious efforts during the next few weeks.THE DISTRICT PRIZES.The District Prizes Consist ofbeautiful Diamond Kincs and handsome Elgin Watches. They were purchased especially for this great campaign from the well known and reliable firm of bhire & Fithian.The Diamond Rings are indeedsparkling cems of beauty and the winner of any one of them may well feelproud of them. They are perfectstones and the reputation of the abovefirm stand back of them.There are two lb jeweled ElginWatches and .two 7 jeweled ElginWatches. The name of the ElginWatch is so well known as a most reliable timekeeper that it is hardivnecessary to give a further descriptionof them. All of the district prizes willbe on display in the window of thejewelry store of Shire & Fithian.HOW VOTES ARE SECURED.With every subscription to The'Bourbon News (when it is asked for) isgiven a ballot good for a certain number of votes, according to the lengthof the'subsenption. These ballots maybe held as long as desired and voted atany time up to the last day of the contest. In fact, it is well to hold back alarge per cent of your vote ballots, asthen no one knows how many votesyou have, and are less liKely to havesomeone who knows that vou haveturned in all of your subscriptions andhad the vote published, to step in thelast moment and get the prize you desire. It jou hold back part of yourballots no one knows, not even thecontest department, for no record iskept of vote ballots issued to you,how many .votes you have?Don't waste your money buyingstrengthening pasters. Chamberlain'sLiniment is cheaper and better. Dampen a piece of flannel with it and bindit over the affected parts and it willrelipve the pain and soreness. Forsale by all dealers.Suburban Home For Sale.We have for sale a small improvedplace on the Interurban line, just outside the limits of Paris. The propertycontains about two acrs. has an abundance of all kinds of fruit, large garden, pasture and never failing water.Improvements consist of five roomhouse, pantrj, presses, concreted cellar, etc., stable, servants cabin, andother outbuildings. House and stablelighted with electricity.This property has been listed Vt ithus for quick sale and can be bought atthe right price.McCLURE & CLENDENN,29 3t Real estate Agents."COUPONAND PRIZE CAMPAIGN ajKHawsrarear eg sn&aacESBBESS!MKCurtis Henry & Co.,Groceries, Drygroods, Fresh and CuredIVf eats, Vegetables, iPruits, Etc.Both Phones 442We Want Your Trade on the Merits of Our Goods.Everything Ve Sell is Guaranteed.Our accommodations are the best in town -Anew Auto Z Delivery, Polite 'JAttentionandAlways a Special Effort to Please: : :"33:A Pew Things Others Haven't Mightilnteresf You:Cream Flour, French! Bread," GoldenSun J3gCoffee, Sweet-Orr Overalls, American Beauty rCorsets, Royal Tailoring and manyZotherstoonumerous to mention. Give us a trial.Yours for morebusiness.CURTIS HENRY CO.LCor. 1 4thNew Fallp- -. .h- 'tears fr Zm&&-& a y'' - ilrv ' II IJ'i3g2SJi ISCHLOSS BUOS fi CO I i.x' - IPTWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEBT.L. WoSIstein, Proprietor.j jKMtowsVMSK&.'titnd iin.iir.Mir irnfiriniMi Himiiii'iiiTo 40,000 Burley Tobacco GrowersStockholders in Strater Bros.' Branch FactoryHere are ten brands of tobacco. All of you know their worth,for you supply the leaf. It comes from your own tobacco farms.Most of you smoke or chew one of these brands, for they represent the cream of your crops. You know of none better, nonericher, and you know that each sale brings a profit to you. Youare partners in each of these brands. Here's a way to increaseyour profits on each.40,000 Partner-SalesmenWe want 40,000 more salesmen and you.Mr. Grower, are one that we want. Wewant you to work with us, to help sellthese brands, and thus increase yourrevenue from them. Your cooperation,individually, can result in gigantic sales.Here's how it works out.Let Each Man TellTen FriendsLet each of you growers tell tenfriends what you know of Strater Bros.'Branch Brands, the brands for whichyou grow the leaf. Always keep one ofthese brands in our pocket and give tothese friends to try. Explain that theleaves were the pick of your crop andthat no better crops are grown. Pointout the reasons why these brands ofTO ALL DEALERS WHO SELL TOBACCOThese brands of tobacco are famous sellers as all who sell them know. They are madefrom the best, from the cream of the crops, from forty thousand farms. They form thegreatest repeaters known, a steady source of profit. Put them into your stock for a trial andsee what they do. You will sell them for years if ou sell them one week.For Smokine-GOLDEN GLOW-PENNY POST-FULL PAY.For CWinl-INDEX-BY JOE TWIST-CUP-DAY'S WORK-ON THE SQUARE-TORCHUGHT-STRATER'SNATURAL LEAF.STRATER BROS. TOBACCO COMPANY BRANCHBURLEY TOBACCO COMPANY, Incorporated, Louisville, Ky.and Main ISuits ArrivingDailySchloss Bros., Sc Co.,Baltimore, IVld.,Hand IVIade SuitsAre Here DirectFrom The TailorsHands. . .We are showing the new Plum,Carnation, Grey and Browns, theprices very reasonable, $15 to $25.All Wool Fall Suits, newestshades at. . . .$10, $12.50 and 15Our Fall jLine of Haws VonGol Hats Douglass Shoes andTiwn Bros., Special Shoes are .arriving daily.The showing we are makingfor Fall is in every way up to thehighest class, our prices are morereasonable than elsewhere, gmi i i r-fMTj-i r inrnin-iTirrnrn-mfWTTiT.iiTtobacco should be every smoker's andchewer's choice since it is your choicestgrowth. 40.000 men, each telling teafriends, will thus get a powerful salesmessage to nearly 400.000. If each ofthose friends tell five others, nearly2,000,000 men are affected. Think whatan increase this would make on thesebrands in one section. You are sellingto us. We are selling to them. So letus work jointly to sell the utmost thatwe can.Tell Dealers." Toos Tell dealers, too, when you buy thesebrands, what you know of their quality.Let them know of their nation-widepopularity, how they repeat, and howthey make friends of consumers.BE A BOOSTER OF BURLEY GROWERS' BRANDS, thus boosting the sales andyour profits.(3)VsTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOVEMBER 5, 19121V0GEO. W. DAVISFDNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 299.mm"Zfre Borne of Correct Tootwear'DAN CI W)CK V 1(n &f ) 31 ? 1l e Jf A AAWYou Can't LoseAnything in FallFootwear You Desire at Prices MuchLower Than Ever.OurStock is Complete in Every Detail.Never bef ote at the beginning of theseason have we been able to offersuch remarkable bargains. You don'thear anything about the "high cost ofliving" here.You save big money by buying yourShoes at our big Bargain Shoe Store.Special Values This Week WhileThey Last:Ladies' snappy, fetest style, t6-botton Boots, madeon short vamp model, in Gun Metal Gt QkQkand Patent, while they !ast. P 77Ladies' Cushion-Made Shoes, made on the mostsnappy Fall lasts. You've rarely flJ OGIseen better Shoes at any price Phb V 7Tan Shoes are all the style. We now have the largestassortment m Ladies' Tan Button Shoes, bristlingwith snappy styles, equal to any $4grades you pay elsewhere2.93Ladies' smart models in Velvet, Gun fl ClMetal and Patent. While they last . UVMen's high-grade Shoes, modled over all the lateststyles, astonishing values, i9 CfcChSpecial mm 5757Men's extra fine, latest style Shoes,Slippers, 4Qbutton and lace. SpecialLedies' comfort Felt Houseturn soles. SpecialE have a great selection of thefamous Walk-Over Shoes forwmen. The best Shoes for themoney. Try a pair and be convinced. . . . . . .iflHHVMMnOEHN!MiW BH(Continued From Page 7)BEST VOTE OFFERCLOSES TO-NIGHTAT 9 p'clock:MILLERSBURG ITEMS.probably heard tha someon knw agirl who was tortunate enough to secure a two year subesription and has afew votes reserved.Don't believe all these tales aboutthe tremendous reserve vote that thiscandidate has or that the other candidate is holding out. And don't believethe story about the candidate who hasfifty or a hundred dollarsgand says thatshe is going to spend it to win theprize. That's simply more idle rumorand when the stories are traced downto the source there is nothing to them.Probably the candidate who startedthe story is your competitor and simply started the story to irignten youand cause you to quit so she will havea better chance. Just remember thatvotes cannot be bought that votesare positively not transferable andthat the campaign is in charge of a reliable contest lirm and they and themanagement of the uaper will guarantee every contestant a fair and squaredeal.DAIN COI-IEIN,t 3361 Main St., Paris, Ky. gSHAWHAN ITEMS.Until further notice no contestantwill be allowed to poll more than asufficient number of votes to placetheir standing 10,000 votes in advanceof the leader of the preceding issue.For intsance, if A had 10,975 votes intoday's issue, you would bo allowedenough to place your standing 20.965votes in the next issue. As many subscriptions as you wish may be turnedin and vote ballots will be issued andreturned to you.DOTY'S STUDIO, OFFICIAL PHOTOGRAPHERS. Doty's Studio has been appointed theOfficial Photographers of the Big Automobile and Prize Capmaign. A picture of each of the contestants will betaken free and the photos of the leading candidates will be published in theNews during the campaign. Secure anorder from the camDaign manager andbe tne first to have your Dhoto'publish-ed.SCHEDULE OF VOTES,Years 272,200years 227,000Years ' 183,500Years 115,000Years 91,000Years 67,200Years 44,500Year 21,800Months 10,600STANDING OF CONTESTANTS.The list of candidates and the number of votes each has will be printedin this paper each issue. Votes mustbe in this office at noon previous to theday of publication. Votes coming inafter that time will be published inthe next issue.DISTRICT NO. 1VotesMiss Hazel DuvallMis3 Flora HillMiss Matilda James..Miss Frances KenneyRobt. A. RoseWm. CooperMrs. Lizzie BurkeMrs. Leer StoutBryant DotyCharlie Grinnan.Miss Ida PaynterMiss Elemeta HintonMiss Mary BrownErnest BehelarO. P. Carter, JrCarley B. ScottMiss Elsie Thomas. . .Miss Bob MorrisVictor O'Neal35,97526,95015,12526,67530,97514,25029,2505,3753,0503,27530,6752,45017,1254,85014,6755,2753,72523,0501,950Mr. U. S. G.Pepper left Monday fora prospecting tour of Canada.Mr. R. B. Boulden left Friday for afew days visit to his brother, Mr. J.W. Boulden, at Maysville.Dr. C. B. Smith and Mr. W. V. Shawleave today tor their annual huntthrough Arkansas and Mississippi.Mrs. Mollie Slack, of Sharpsburg.was the guest of her brother. Mr. J.J. Peed and family from Friday untilMonday.I will have a corn show at my storefrom Friday. Nov. 15 tc 25. Two premiums will be offered. See me forfurther particulars.2t JOEL W. MOCK."Mr. and Mrs. M. C. Grimes have returned from their wedding tour andarefnow occcupying the Bryan flat, recently vacated by Mr. and Mrs. J.. B.Cray.Mr. Bert McClintock, who was in2iured by a fall from a buggy abouttwo weeks ago carried an accident policy in the agency of Mr. J. E. Cray.The benefits of $15 per week were settled within four days after the petitions were filed.Mr. Duwad Mason met with a painful accident Satuday afternoon, whileassisting in raising some barreled cornfrom the ground to the windows in thetop of the crib. It was being elevatedby a rope which broke and the barrelstriking him in the head intlicted a severejbruise on the scalp but not a serious wound.Rev. R. S. Saunders, the retiringpastor of the Presbjterian church,preached his last sermon Sunday morning to a large audience. Rev. Saunders has been pastor of the churchhere for more than five years and inthat time has made a large circle offriends who have looked UDon he andhisjgood wife as a part of our community. Mr. Saunders begun his married life here, being united in marriage about three months after comingto Millersbnrg to Miss LucygTaylor, ofRochester, N. Y. During tneir married life two bright little sons havebeen born into the home. During thetime of his pastorate he has takenquite a number into the church, performed a number of marriage ceremonies and administered to the bereavedin the last sad rites of funeral services. He and his good wife have endeared themselves to every family inthe Presbyterian church. Mrs. Saunders was also a member of all theladies societies of the church, andprominent in all kinds of church workThey are both cultured and refined andhave a large circle of friends outsideof their own congregation who regrettheir departure from our midst. Theyleft today for their new field of laborin Gretna, Florida.One of the most surprising weddingswhich has taken place in this community for a long time was that of MissCurlie Insko to Mr. Clinton B. Bastin.The young couple went to Lexington,leaving from Carlisle at 3 p. m. Saturday afternoon Miss Insko had beenvisitine friends at Moorefield sinceThursday. Mr. Bastin left here Saturday on the noon train for Carlisle,where they met, leaving at the timenamed for Lexington, and were unitedin jmarriage at the home of (ElderMark Collis at 5 p. m.Miss Insko is the youngest daughterof Mr. and Mrs. Clemon Insko and isvery attractive and popular youngMr. "and Mrs. Joe Smith have returned home.Mr. Glen Walker was in Cincinati onbusiness this week.Miss Rath Tate has returned to herhome in the country.Miss Bessie Lee Ewalt is recoveringrapidly after a severe illness.Mr. and Mrs. James Whalen leftMonday for Poughkeepsie, N. Y.Born, recently, to the wife of Mr.Will Stuart, twins boy and girl.Mrs. Harrv Minter and daughter arethe guests ofMr. and Mrs. John Doty.Miss Besbie Talbott visited Miss IdaBell Tate the latter part of the week.Mrs. James McMurty has returnedto her home in Cynthiana after a visithere.Mr. John Ewalt and James Mahorney are attending the races at Latouiathis week.Mr.George:Kelly, of Millville, Ind..has returned home after a vist to relatives here.Miss Julia Lail has returned homeafter a visit to her brother, Dr. PaulLail, in Louisville.Mr. Wayne Wolfenbeiger Jeffc thisweek for Battle Creek, Mich., wherehe will accen. a position.Mrs. A. Merimee has returned homeafter a visit to her daughter, Mrs.Walter Paynter in Carlisle.Mrs. Harrv Current has returned toher home in Richmond after a week'svisit to relatives and friends of thisplace.The'Shawhan Sshool, which wasclosed the past week on account of theprevalence of diphtheria in the neighborhood, opened yesterday.Subscribe, vote before 9 r. m.Margdlen,The Butcher,' WILLKILLYOURHOGSGirl Shot While on Coon Hunt.Miss Mabel Dunn, aged 20, daughter of W. E. Dunn, president of theCitizens National Bank of Nobleville,Ind., was shot and seriously woundedFriday night in Mason county.She was visiting Mr. and Mrs.George W. Owens and aDartv of society young men and women went out inautos on a coon hunt. While goingthrouch Best Gault's place nearjMurphywillc he mistook them for a partyof Hallowe'en maraucers and shot atthem with a revolver, a 38-calibre ballstriking Miss Dunn in the back, eoingJhrough a sweater and imbedded itselfin her bieast.She was taken to the Wilson Hosdital in Maysville where her injury wasdressed.You Can Trade in NewYork Stocks WithoutSpeculating.The highest grade stocks and bondsin the world are listed on the N. Y.Stock Exchange. "Worthless securities and "wild cat" stocks and bondscannot obtain recognition. The NewYork Exchange affords the greatestprotection to the public, and thequickest, broadest market for itssecureties.You can buy or sell at any timeone or more bonds or shares of stock,either of sound investment character,or of the speculative kind. You canbuy on our partial payment plan orfor cash. On open accounts we allowinterest of balances at ruling ratesfor money.As members of the New YorkExchange we offer you all theprotection, service and advantages of complete informationabout stocks and bonds afforded by that institution.Ask for our weekly quotation records on Bonds and Stocks, or if youare interested in any security or cotton or grain or provisions, ask for information from our statistical department. Sent free upon request.44,500 votes for $4 until 9 p. m.BMCincinnatiDISTRICT NO. 2.Miss Luella Jones 4,225Miss Ada Bivins 15,750Miss Will Davis Judy 4,590Mrs. Bert ash 15,250Miss Maiy Ligon 10,125Mrs. Fraak Bedtord 24,950Mrs. Wm. Farris 10,225Miss Mary Shanklin 11,225Mrs. Clark Leer 11,975Miss Lucia Butler 5,525Miss Lucille Dailey 13,300Miss Laura Bell Faulconer 22,950Miss Ida Cumber, 10,100Miss Sallie K. Peterson 30,975Miss Anna D. Clark 2,425Miss Lucille Hopkins 2,fi50Miss Lizzie Gill 1,000Miss Etta Mae Morgan 4,050M iss Laura Smith 3,650Miss Jennie Bramel 26,600Miss Ida Bell Tate 5,225Miss Bessie Ewalt 16,300Lucian Terrell 4,050Miss Mary Ginn 10,750Miss Lillie Martin 27,225Miss Cumma Hudnall 14,725James W. Thompson 2,750Mrs. Roy Turner 2,225Mrs. Louis Mussinon 2,200Miss Shady Shanks 23,425Miss Curlie Insko 1,275Miss Nancy Whaley 1,050Miss Katherine Linville 1,000Address all nominations and communications to the Campaign ManagerThe Bourbon News, Paris, Ky.Immense Line of Wall Paper.Call at my store and pick from thelarge new stock of wall paner justwhat you need and have it put onyour wallu. Experienced decoratorsare ready to do your bidding.J. T. HINTON.NORTH MIDDLET0WN ITEMS.Suburban Home For Sale.We have for sale a small improvedplace on the Interurban line, just outside the limits of Paris. The propertycontains about two acras. has an abundance of all kinds of fruit, large garden, pasture and never failing water.Improvements consist of five roomhouse, pantvj, presses, concreted cellar, etc., stable, servants cabin, andother outbuildings. House and stablelighted with electricity.This property has been listed ithus for quick sale and can be bought atthe right price.McCLURE & CLENDENN.29 3t Real estate Agents.lady. For the past two years she hasbeen connected with the Bourbon HomeTelephone Co. Mr. Bastin is a nativeof Garrard and came here about sixweeks ago as local manager for theBourbon Home Telephone Co. Theyhad never met until at this time.They returned yesterday evening andwill take rooms in the Farmers Bankflat. During the short time Mr. Bastin has been with us ha has made himself popular with the people. Theyare the recipients of showers of congratulations. Mr3. Carl Meade Best, of Millers-burg, entertaired a number of out oftown guests very handsomely Fridayafternoon at M. M. I. from one untilfour o'clock. Mrs. Best, who is a mostgraciouBgand cordial hostess, receivedher guests in the leception hall.Standing with her were Mrs. W. D.Oldham, of Richmond; Mrs. Kofct.Saunders, of Millerbsurg; Mrs. J. S.Best, of Cynthiana, and Mrs. Thos.McDaniel. of Cynthiana. Mrs. Sanford Allen, of Millersburg. introducedthe visitors to these ladies. Conductedinto the reading room by Mrs Wm Miller, the guests were served with grapejuice by two charming young Millersburg brides. Mrs. Alex. S. Miller andMrs. Mackey C. Grimes, from a tabledecorated with a lovely arrangementof nasturtiums and graDes,In the long library with its beautiful furnishings the guests freelymingled and were entertained by MissBettie T Vimont, Mrs. W. V. Shaw,Miss Clark, Mrs Will Judy. Mrs. OscarRankin and Frances Cook. In the rearend oftthe spacious entrance hall Cantain Freas and Miss Nell furnished delightful music on piano and violin.At 2:30 the guests were ushered intothe dining hall, and all. about ninetyin number, were seated at one time.This commodious department, beautiful at all times was rendered very attractive by an artistic arrangementof autumn leaver', hanging basketsand the brilliant red berries of bittersweet. Seven large tables were usedto accommodate the guests, each tablebeing lovely in its appointments. Thectnterpieces were baskets of fruit orflowers, and one had an immensepumpkin in the center filled with vegetables and green and red peppers.Exquisitely tinted autumn leaves anddelicate feins were scattered over thecloths. The table where a number ofbeautiful brides and young matronswere seated had a tall vase of whitechrysanthemums in the center. Eachof the following ladies presided at atable: Mrs. C. M. Best, Mrs. LaysonTarr, Mrs. Arthur Best. Mrs. SanfordAllen, Mrs. Wm. Miller, Mrs. LouisRogers and Mrs. Owen Ingels.A delicious two course luncheon wasserved, accompanied with coffee, homemade candies, nuts and sweetmeats.The company included guests fromCynthiana, Georgetown, Richmond andMillerbsurg, but the larger 'numberwere from Paris. Others assistingMrs. Best were Mrs. C. B. Smith,Mrs. uscar M. Johnson and Mrs. Pur-nell.Among those who attended the performance of "Madame Sherry" atParis Friday night were Miss RuthBrown, Mr. James Gibson. Mr. FrankSledd, Mr. Graham Jones and Mr. Robert jyoung.The Middletown subscriber wouldhardly have recognized mV'Queen ofHearts" and "Snow Queen," theiroperators Mrs. Brown ar.d Bedford,who atttended a Hallowe'en party inParis given by Mrs. Stone and MissLusby. A jack-o-lantern guided themUo the door, where they were usheredinto a dimly lighted hall in whichstood a shock of corn surrounded bythe fruits and vegetables of the season.The ghost and his stories were there.Pumpkins heaped with fruit were conveniently placed and over all shownthe ghostly light from the grinningjack-o-lantern. They reported an enjoyable evening that turned the yearback to childhood's freedom fromcares in its gladsomeness. The hostesses were complimented on theirability to make every one welcome andat ease.NewYorkSTAB LI SHED iSa&MEMBERS CINCINNATI &N.Y.STOCK EXCHANGESCHICAGO BD.OFTRDE, N.Y.COTTON EXCHANGEMONEY IN TRAPPING."Wd tall yon how andpay bestprltes. Writfor weekly pries liftand nt srecee.K.SABEL&SONSLOOIST1LLX, KY. .VDealers In Fun, HWes, Wee)Established 1858.FURSP. H. S. and M. M. I. Play a Tie.In a hard fought contest the M. M.I. football team and the Paris HighSchool team played a tie game atWhite Park yesteday, the result being7 to 7. The two teams were aboutevenly matched, and it was anybody'sgame up to the last uart of the thirdquarter, when the M. 1VL I. team succeeded in making a touchdown andkicking thegoal which netted 7 points.The Paris boys were not to be outdoneby their opponents, and in the firstDart of the fourth quarter evened upmatters, when Lynch crossed the goalline and Link kicked the goal, tieingthe score, amid wild cheers by theParis rooters. A large number of theCadets fiom M. M. I. accompaniedtheir; team here and one of the largestcrowds of the season witnessed thegame, which was intensely excitingthroughout.The Paris team will sojourn to Millersburg next Monday, when the twoteams will again battle for honors.The "Orange and Black" are determined tocarry off the victory, and alargecrowd.will accompany their favorites to that citv.Stop That Ache.Any ache or pain in any Dart of thebody can be relieved with Shipp'sQuick Relief Liniment. 100 rewardif it fails and the purchasejprice is notreufnded. Try, it and see. 50 cents atall druggists.STRAYED.Aftwo year old steer, dehorned andbranded on right hip with "C hasstrayed from my place on the Winchester pikp. Information leading to recoveiy will be rewarded.1 3t S. BROOKS CLAY. 9Home Phone 2046 Paris, Ky.THE FAIR!For Friday Only,3 Cakes Ivory Soap for 10c.Cream Pitchers, assorted decorations 5c.Self Basting Roasting Pans, extrasize, and extra good value, each $1.19.Covered Roasting Pans, indentedbottoms, prevents burning, made ofsheet iron, 3 sizes, each 29c, 39c 49c.6-Quart pure white enameled Cooking Kettles, real value 50c, on saleat 29c."Window Shades, 3x6 feet, mountedonheavy spring rollers, complete 19c.Extra Specials:5c Mouse Traps.5c Box Tooth Picks.5c Stocking Darners.5c Ink Tablets.5c Coat Hangers.5 c Tooth Brushes.Pick out any two articles for 5c.THE FAIR.NATIONAL5c and 10c StoreSpecials onOILCLOTHWorth 25c Yard, willgo Saturday at10c yd.Shipp's LinimentQuickly relieves rheumatism, neuralgia, backache, headache and otherpains. A reward'of $100 will be paidif it failsa nd the purchate price is notrefunded. Try it and see.:"50cents atall druggists.Not Over 5 yds.Customer.to aNational 5c and 10ccoreWatch Our Windows.