THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MARCH 8, 1912ARTICLE IS MISLEADING.c1"WE KNOW MOW "NEWIPIiwr'''''SpringGoodswwDailyJ,ifoe Simon Department Store,$ Uried and 3ound SuiltijfOf Selling the Most Goods JFor the Least Money. M?Mayor Hinton's Attitude Toward :Railroad Project is FullyExplained.SUBMITS 3 PROPOSITIONS.Will Give Right-of-Way if OthersAlong Route, Who Are Able,Will Do Likewise. -16 lbs. Granulated Sugar... $1.002 cans good Corn 15cGood Bulk Coffee, per lb 22 1-2cOld Reliable Coffee, per lb 30c2 1-2 lb. can Asparagus 20cFull qt. can Karo Syrup 1 0cNew Orleans Molasses, per gal 45c8 bars Lenox Soap 25cLarge size Mackerel 1 O or 3 for 25cMedium size Mackerel 5 c3 boxes Matches 1 OcBLUE RIBBON FLOUR25-lbSack 70c50-lb Sack $1 .401 OO-lb Sack $2.75Now, you cannot say that Paris is a high town ongrocers, for everybody is coming to Paris to trade atLenihan's Cash Grocery. They get the same goods forless money.T. C. LENIHAN,Cash Grocery. jjjBoth Phones 234 JjAn Early ShipmentOFSpring Hats and CapsFORDPS111MEN ANDWe Are Showing All Latest Shapes and Co'orsA Beautiful Line of Shirts50c, $19 S1.50at111MmCome in and Let Us Take Your Measure forYour Spring Suit,$ 1 6.50 to $45.00500 Samples on DisplayPK16E. & 60. GiotmersHemrfCre vKrffr v.sswThe news story published in the last jissue of the News, referring to theattitude of Mayor J. T. Hinton in regard to the granting of the right ofway through his farm for the proposedrailroad from this city to Hedges Station in Clark county, has apparentlythough unintentinally heaped upon himan injustice and the story as pubishedwould haze a tendency to mislead thereaders.According to a statement issued byMr. Hinton yesterday there is littleroom for doubt that he intends to dothe square thing in the matter ofgranting the right ot way through hisfarm, and will render all asisstancepossible looking toward the success ofthe project.To those who are at the head of "themovement Mr. .Hinton submits threepropositions; the first which is togrant the right of way through hisfarm, free of cost, provided all thelandowners along the route who wereable would do likewise; second, hewill place a valuation of $2,000 uponhis property to be used for tht railroad and will head a subscription listwith $1,000 to secure other property,and third he proposes to give the sumof $2,000 to the project provided thatanother route other than that throughhis farm is selected.The News' story last Tuesday didnot state the valuation placed uponthe property by Mayor Hinton whichwas later learned to be $2,000, and inhis statement he usks the consideration of the best judges, if the valuation of the property considering thedamage which will result from theroad passing through his land, is notfair and a very low estimate for theten acres which will be necessary forthe road over this route. In justice toMr. Hinton we publish hie statementin full which is as follows :To the Editor of the Bourbon News :Dear Sir In your article of issue ofMarch -6tb headed "Railroad GetsSetback," you stated that the committee waB much discouraged at the veryoutset in securing options at this endof the line because of my attitude.You further state that the valuation 1placed on the right of way through myfarm is "sky high" and that I have"blocked the road." You fail, however, to give the amount of that valuation and your article is not in conformity with all the tacts and is sowritten as to create much prejudiceagainst me without benefiting theenterprise.It would have been just as easy foryou to have ascertained the full factsand to have allowed the public tojudge for itself whether ur not theprice asked was reasonable.I do not believe that any fair minded man who will look at the land willsay that $2,000, the amount I haveasked, is one cent too much for tenacres taken in a strip 100 feet widefor nearly a mile through the verycenter of my farm leaving as it doesone half without outlet and the otherwithout water.it the land was owned ny any manwho had no interest in the road, or inthe North Middlelown community orin the city of Paris I do not believethis right of way could be obtainedfrom him for double this amount. Mywhole interest is in Paris and Bourboncounty and I am ready now, as I always have been, to do my part in anyproject tna t will oenent nis community.I think it unfair that you shouldhave placed me in such a light beforethe people as it has been my endeavorto be liberal in this matter and 1 believe any impartial man will say thathave wnen consideration is taken of theamount of land taken and the damagedone.ThH people of North Middletownand its vicinity have always been asgood friends as I have ever had bothin a personal and a business way andI am not willing to sacrifice thatfriendship for any monetary consideration, nor am I willing that they shallbe led by any false impressions tomisconstrue any action I may havetaken in the matter, or consider me inanj way an obstructionist. I am forthis road and am for it for NorthMiddletown and willing to help.l do not natter mysen tnat you areright in your statement that myaction will largely govern the optionsof the other land owners on this endof the line. I believe that each ofthem has good judgment of his ownand can value his own land on its ownmerits and that they will do so andthat my offer will not have anytendency to boist.the other prices" asyou say.These are the propositions I offerand 1 shall welcome the acceptance of any of them if it will secureto Paris and North Middletown the.proposed railroad:First I will donate without chargethe entire right of way through myfarm as proposed provided all thosethrough whoe land the road passedbetween Paris and North Middletownwho are known to be able to do sowill do likewise.Second I will sell the right of way,( as proposed, for $2,000 and in addition1 - (Continued on Page 8)COME iN AND HAVE A FITress well and you will feel andwork well. To do so vou neednot pay a fictitious price to a tailor.in one of our smart Suitsresseana you canStcJ In The Easter ParadeWith The Best of Them.JTT The very latest m Stetson Softi let is to seieci lruni jpringstyles now complete.Korrect Shape Shoes.Stetson anddesigned byHi"h. Wicltwire Co.iMitchell & Blakemore.Outfitters' to MenParis, KentuckyIMf Mf Vkf'w' ztiiin!iiiiiiiiiiI FRANK & CO.. IThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.Now Showing1Newest Spring StylesInLadies' and Misses'Suits, Dresses and-CoaCome in and Take a Look.Extra SpecLK SKII- $1 .98Black, White arad A58 Conors.SPECIALTobacco Cotton at Lowest Prices.9Franka. IParis.& Co.KentuckyTCw 94K wi9n9THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 8, 1912LAXATIVE SENTIt may be taken for granted thatthere is no family that does not sometime need a laxative. If you don'tknow of a good laxative, or the laxative you are using is losing its effect,yvc want to call your attention to Dr.Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin, which thousands of families are using successfully. We have scores of .letters frommothers, and scores from prominentmen saying they are using it personally and giving it to their families,men like Mr. C. K. Smith of theTraffic Clearing House, Pine Bluff,!Ark., and Mr. George B. Turner, alawyer of Harlan, Ky. The thousands of mothers who use it themselves and give it to their childrenwould take too much space to mention. The reason they prefer Syrup Pepsin is that it is a mild, gentle laxaBourbon Laundryf D.WIS & FUNK, Props. tNo. 4. Office Odb. Postoffice. W" i -BourbonParis, Kentucky,LocandaThe Fastest Son of Allerton 2:09Sired by Allerton 2:09X, the world's leading sire of standard performers;dam. Katharina (great brood mare) , by Alcyone 2 :27 ; second dam KatieJackson; by Almont 33. & Holder of world's pacing record, miles, 3:15XTERMS: $50 TO INSURE A LIVING EOALPeter Billiken (3) 2:16 1-4Son of Peter The Great 2:07,leading", sire of futurity winners, dam Baron Lassie, by Baron "Wilkes 2:18.Winnerof 6-heat race against aged horses.Terms: $50 to Insure a Living Foal.(2) 2.19Sire of Black Wig 2:07, Remorseful 2:08, Dorcas H. 2:0 Betsy G.2:10, Katherine A. 2:11 X (Ky Futurity winner 1902), Bessie Brown 2:i2,Wedra W. 2:14, Rena Wise 2:15, Sheeney 2:lo, "Wig Wag 2:16, (champion of Europe) Durgee 2:19, and twenty-three others in 2:30 list.$25 To Insure a Living Foal.The'celebrated James E. Clay jack, will make the season at Maplehurst Stocklarm.JToniMack is the best breeder of mutes that euer stood in the county.$1 2 to Insure a Living Foal.W. A. BACON, Paris, Ky.One of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are ShowingA moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our pre&ten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have -made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofvery woman and feel confidentf your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.; Hot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold' baths.Everything neat and clean. Politefcarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.FREE TO Tltive-tonic that does not gripe effective and yet so mild that babies cantake it. Its tonic ingredients invigorate the body and strengthen thestomach and bowel muscles so thatthey again do their work naturally.If you have been a victim of salts,pills and strong cathartics you willdiscard them when you once useSyrup Pepsin.You can buy a fifty cent or onedollar bottle of any druggist, but before doing so you may want to try itfree. If so, send your address to Dr.Caldwell and he will promptly forward a free sample bottle. Then, being convinced, do as others are doingand buy it in the regular way of yourfavorite druggist.For the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building,Monticello, 111.J'KmA P riicular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Laundry3:03FRUIT AND SHADE TREES!Strawberry Plants, GrapeVines, Asparagus, Rhubarb, Roses, Pansies andFlox Everything for theOrchard, Lawn and Garden. Catalog free. Noagents.H. F. Hillennieyer & Sons,Lexington, KentuckyProfessional CardsJ J. WELIilAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Aoom 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones goL.ResidenceE. T. 334.Home 334.DR. A. U KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices,Etooms 4. and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, : - - - KentuckyCause and Effect.Miss Elizabeth Marbury, a NewYork theatrical agent, was condemning the shrewish, scolding typeof woman. "You can always tell her,"said Miss Marbury. "If you can't tellher in one way you can tell her inanother. I said to a woman the otherSunday: 'Why, my dear, how hoarseyou are!' 'Yes,' she answered angrily,'my husband was out late last night.' "THE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous Publication.Published Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .82.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements. SI. 00 rerinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue : reading notices in hlnflrtype, 20 cents per line, each issue!uarasor tnanirs, cans on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl er, 10 cents per line,bpecial rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.Tbe right o' publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or -t,hp?rmatter offered for publication.bpace is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.Houn' Dog Helps Democrats.Democrats with poetry in their soulsare coming to bat in every part of theUnited States with protests againstany further abuse of the "clo noundog."Years ago some unknown poet of theOzarks wrote a few homely verses ona certain hound which everyone seemed to have a deisre to kick around, andnow that Missouri has supplied a likely candidate for the presidency thisplain ballad from the zinc laden hillsof Missouril has leaped into nationalfame. A Washington newspaper hasoffered a prize for additional verses.Even members of Cpngiess are competing. The first rese of the original songruns as follows :Every time I come to townThe boys start kickin' my dawgaroun' ;Makes no difference if he Is a hounThey gotta quit kickin' my dawgaroun'.Taking this for their cue, the poetsgot busy as follows :Champ's on the hunt with his oldhoun'And he's gettin' votes'in every town,The people are gatherin for milesaroundTo vote for him and his Ozark houn'.Every time the dcor bell ringsSomebody raises the nrio nf fhincraMakes no difference if we're as rich askingsThey gotta quit boostin' the priceso' things.A Hold-Up Game Exposed.Before you pay charges on an express package again.it might be a goodidea to make sure the charges have notbeen paid at the other end.The extent to which the expresscompanies have been robbing thepeople by collecting charges at bothends of a shipment as revealed beforehe Interstate Commerce Commission,is amazing.In the case of one company alone itwas shown that it made 3,000 overcharges in one day and collected in oneyear over $67,000 as overcharges.. The officer of the company admittedthat the system employedEto identifyprepaid packages was faulty, but hadno particular apology to make."Demand for transportation chargeson prepaid shipments must cease."declared Commissioner Lane, who wasplainly provoked. "The complaint ofthis practice by express companies isuniversal."In addition to the cases of overcharging which comes to the attention ofthe Interstate Commerce Commission,it is believed that thousands of shipments are paid for at both ends ofwhich the commission never hearsowing to thelfact that the victims donot know that they are being fleeced.Six Travel on One Ticket.It isn't often, says the FlemingsburgTime-Uemocrat, that a railrosd carriessix persons on one ticket, but such wasthe case recently when they broughtin Mrs. Wolfe and five children, noneof them old enough to be charged evenhalf fare She lives at Robinson, Harrison countv. and ramp tn viaif hai family of her brother, James 8ell, inmuse precinct, but after going to thehome of her cousin, James P. Bell, onthe Popular Plains pike, and remaining there till Monday morning, she returned to her home, the mountainroads being almost impassable.Humorist's Talk on Grammar.George Ade, at a dinner in Chicago,delivered an amusing little address ongrammar. "Don't," he began, "don'tsay, 'Mamie and me have been tochurch," when you mean 'Mamie and Ihave been to church.' Why, though,lie about it at all? Don't use theword 'got' too much. It is inelegant.'I have got a .million' is not nearly sorefined as 'I have a million.' Fromwhom -you got it is, after all, nobody'saffair but your own."CAUSE FORM,Loss o Appetite or Distress ASter Eating a Symptom ThatShould Not be Disregarded.Appetite is just a natural desire forfood. Loss of appetite or stomach distress after eating indicate indigestionor dyspepsia. Over eating is a habitvery dangerous to a person's good general health.It is not what you eat but what youdigest and assimilate that does yougood. Some of the strongest, heaviestand healthiest persons are moderateeaters.There is nothing that will causemore trouble than a disordered stomach, and many people daily contractserious maladies simply through disregard or abuse of the stomach.We urge all in Paris who buffer fromany stomach'derangement, indigestionor dyspepsia, whether acute or chronicto try Rexall Dyspepsia Tablets, withthe distinct understanding tnat we willrefund their money without questionor formality, if after reasonable useof this iriedicine, they are not perfectly satisfied with the results. We recommend them to our customers evaryday, and have yet to hear ot anyonewho has not been bene'fited by them.We honestly believe them to be without equal. They give very prompt relief, aiding to neutralize the gastricjuices, strengthen the digestive organsto regulate the bowels, and thus topromote perfect nutrition, and eradicate all unhealthy symptoms.We urge you to try a 25 cent box ofRexall Dyspepsia Tablets, which gives15 days' treatment. At the end of thattime your money will be returned ifyou are not satisfied. Of course inchronic cases length of treatment varies, for such cases we have two larger sizes which sell for 50 cents and $1.Remember you can obtain RexallRemedies in this community only atour store The Rexall Store. G. S.Varden & Son.White Slave Law Constitutional.The United States Gicuit Court ofAppeals decided Tuesday that theFederal white slave law is constitutional, and that a woman broughtfrom one state to another for immoralpurposes loses her individuality andbecomes an article of commerce. Thisquestion has never been passed uponby a United States Court of Appeals.According to United State AttorneyMacPherson, the decision will checkthe growth of the national white slavetraffic. It was declared by the defensethat the United States interstate commerce law, of which the white slaveact is a part, applies only to purchasable goods.The court held that the enforcementof the white slave law by the government does not fit with the policepowers of states.The True Church.For there is a true church whereverone hand meets another helpfully, andthat is the only holy or Motherchurch which ever was or ever shallbe. Ruskin's "Of King's Treasuries."Good to Forget Self Sometimes.To try to make others comfortableis the only way- to get right comfortable ourselves, and that comes partlyof not being able to think so muchabout ourselves when we are helpingother people. For ourselves will always do pretty 'well if we don't paythem too much attention. GeorgeMacdonald. tBreeding Shows for Itself.College may teach you form contact may brush some things away; butbreeding, like a' complexion, is morethan a surface. Unless it's real, itonly makes one wonder what's reallyunderneath. When it is assumed, it'sbound to wear off from time to time.Herbert Kaufman.Unreasonable Request."Come now, Hemma," says theWhitechapel bridegroom, "you're goin'to s-'y 'obey' when you comes to itin th' sarvice, ain't you?" "Wot, me?"cries the bride. "Me s'y 'obey' toyou! Why, blime me, 'Ennery, youain't 'arf me size!" Cleveland PlainDealer.is the highest type ofwomanhood.Scott'sEmulsionis the highest type ofcurative food.The nourishing andcurative elements inScott's Emulsion are soperfectly combined thatall (babies, children andadults) are equally benefitted and built up.Be sure to get SCOTT'Sit's the Standard and alwaysthe best.ALL DRUGGISTS11-17HOW TO PRESERVE YOUTH AN0 KfoAwTYa .One great secret of youth and beauty lor the young woman or tne moincr 3the proper understanding of her womanly systern and well-being. Every woman,young or old, should know herself and her physical make up. A good way tararrive at this knowledge is to get a good doctor book, such for instance, as "ThePeople's Common Sense Medical Adviser," by It. V. Pierce, M. D., which canreadily bs procured by sending thirty-one cents for cloth-bound copy, addrcssia IDr. Pierce, at Buffalo, N. Y.The womanly system is a delicate machine which can onr be compared to the intricate mechanism of a beautiful watch which wilJ keep In good running order onlyrith 2eod care and the proper oiling at the fight time, so that the delicate mechUrs. YiLLrAXS", to try your FavoriteGEO. W. DAVISFDNEEAL DIRECTOR' AND LICENSED EMBALIEfi.BOTH 'PHONES DAT1S7; NIGHT 299.9not you Joinand burnNow is the time to try a load.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCOBPOBATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG. DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bour- 'bon County Exchanges atParis, Miiiersburg, North Middletown, Little7 Rock anRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service.1 'The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedNOTICETOBU CSERS AND FARMERS!Market Price I am Paying ForHides:Beef.Hides, 1.0 1-4 to 11 1-2Cents per lb.MAX MUNICK,8fch Street, PARI?, KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 374jRnnk LanqbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.augl6tfEast Tenn. Phoe 669LOWRY & TALBOTTIPeiris, KerLfULOk.vALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME..TaC5omusnistiBIOhTrflMOiXM A J J 'Dig i"J jtop of 'frS3-Ja 3w5s??Manism may not be wont mis. v cry many times young women,get old or run down before their time Shrough ignorance andths improper handling of this human mechanism,. Mental. depression, a confused fccad, backache, headache, or jjoeHashes ana many symptoms oi acnuigemcai ui ujc wuiuaur;cystcm can be avoided by & proper understanding of what todo, in those trying tiraes that coins to all women.Mrs. G. H. Williams, of Lynnhavsn, "va. wrote: "It ia sis year3since my health gave way. I had female trouble anJ all the doctors( I employed three) said I vould die. I was not able to do my work,had to hire someone all the time. Finally, I read in the papers aboutDr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription, and decided tc try it. I had nottaken but one bottle until I found it had done me scad. I took, in all.five bottles of 'Favorite Prescription ' and two or 'Golden MedicalDiscovery,' and now I am able to do-all my houseworfeand have gainedfonrtMTr nour.ds. I advise all women who suffer from female troublePrescription.' It's the only medicine on earth. 'Ihe great army o!1 1 I ZMER SHOP!Modern Equipment,4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDJoe. G. Mitchell,Against Fire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies. Phone 162AgenLwill not be yours unless youhave aMajestic Rangein Your Kitchen!Come in and see them. Tfa'eyare the best made.BARBTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 8, 1912NOTESTOOL THAT MEANT VICTORYME&D0WBR00KfXi- FARMOats make an excellent ration forlaying hens.Late in the fall Is a good time tobatch spring chicks in some sections.Shorts are more economical feedfor sows and growing pigs than corn.The deepest mudhole and steepestMil measure the real distance to marketTurkeys will soon become weak andsubject to disease "where inbreeding ist racticed.Where there is plenty of skimmedmiik, beef scraps for hens need notboughtWhen the hogs fail to gain at leastu pound a day it is time to say good'jy to them.Get your cows started right for thetoming cold weather and they will do"well all winter.Build a warm, dry, and otherwisecomfortable room -for the calves forthe cold weather.When selecting a cow for the dairylook and see if the eye of the animal is large and full.This is the time of the year whendairy cattle require better care andmore liberal feeding.To thoroughly clean milk utensilsthey first should be rinsed with coldwater, to remove all particles ofmilk.The successful feeding of lambs depends largely on their being offeredgreat variety of food while in theyards.Peach trees can be planted anytime between last and first frost; theearlier in the winter they are plantedthe better.Keep all the rotten fruit wellcleaned up around the orchard, asthese constitute the winter quartersof numerous orchard pests.If all of the garden space is togrow profitable crops, no large treesmust stand closer than thirty to fiftyfeet from the garden fence.The calf that is expected to developinto a strong and profitable cowshould be given all the chance possible during its early period of growth.The best results are usually obtained from the work that is systematizedand most carefully planned. This isnot always the hardest work on thefarm.The best way to stop a hog fromeating chickens is to put it on themarket as soon as possible, since itwill soon lead other hogs into the badhabitThe best milking pail is the one soconstructed that it will reduce to aminimum the amount of dirt fallinginto the milk during the process ofmilking.An old horseman says that the chiefcause of colic in horses, or the causeof the largest per cent of these cases,is brought through long abstinencefrom water.Do not neglect to secure a goodsupply of fine dust for the fowls during the coming winter, while theground is yet dry and there is dustin the road.There is much difference in the individuality of cows and their powersto produce milk as there is in menand their powers to perform- certainkinds of work.The profit in a cow comes from theextra amount of milk she will yieldover what she ordinarily gives oncommon pasture or the coarse feedsusually given her.The poultry raiser who notes hisflock carefully, taking into accountwhat they are doing, and capable ofdoing, ought to know more how tofeed and what to feed, than anyoneadvising at long range.It is very dangerous to pasturestock on second growth sorghum orJohnson grass, as this year has beendry in many sections and these cropshave been grown under unfavorableconditions.Skim milk is a good food for poultry. The fat has been taken from itand leaves it proportionately rich inprotein, which is a very desirable element in poultry food. Use it to mixa mash for the chickens. You mayalso give them all the milk they willdrink.Properly Tempered, It Always WillWhen in the Hands of a ManWho Means to Succeed."You can't!"He did not exactly count the voices,but it seemed to him as if every voicein the world screamed at him, andfrom all sorts of queer places:"You can't!"When the voices had hoarsed themselves into silence, rude hands scrawled the words on bits of bark and paper and thrust them before his eyes.Once the words formed themselvesinto opposing rocks in his path andhe fell over them.Again, they multiplied themselveslike drops of water into an unfriendlysea and he nearly drowned.He listened vainly at the lips of hiskin for one fair word of cheer.He prayed- nightly to a stony-heartedand busy God and took back to historn heart only the hollow echo of hisprayer.He saw many fingers tapping uponforeheads and knew that the motionsof the fingers spelled Fool.In the vales the brooks sang taunting songs to him; as he swung-up thesteep places in the forest the squirrels from the trees pelted him withempty, symbolic shells; upon theplains the wind, having a good chance,cut the skin of his cheek and scuddedaway through the grasses with sardonic laughter.The hand of sickness pinned him tohis cot for long seasons; his competitors in the race for achievement ranaway from him as if he were tied; thevery bigness of the looming cities leered at him as he struggled with disappointment and delay."You can't!"It stung him into greatness.Somewhere within the locker of hisbeing he found a tool and sharpenedit. The tool was labeled Will. Withthis, through many patient days, hewrought upon the sneering face ofFate to make it smile. The while heworked the voices spat their jibe"You can't!" "Gibe on!" he cried.He let his kin go hang. He ceased torail at God's indifference. He discovered a mighty divinity within himself and bent him anew to his task.His Work the Will to do it thesewere his friends, his life, his all.The work was never finished, quiteno good work ever is but when atlast his hands were still, upon his slabmen carved the paradoxic phrase:"He did!" From the MagazineBusiness.Model for All Fathers.The Suitor (rather diffidently) Mr.Carrington, I have come to ask you ifI to say, that is, that IMr. Carrington (beaming) Thatyou want to marry Ethel, is that it?Take her, my boy, and be happy. She'sa good girl, and I'm glad to see thatshe's going to get a good man. I'veknown how things were with you andEthel, my boy, and I've been waitingto congratulate you both.The Suitor You know, of course,Mr. Carrington, that I am not awealthy man, that in fact, I catfnotsupport Ethel in the style to whichshe has been accustomed. I can giveher a good home and we won't starve,but we'll be pretty poor.Mr. Carrington Don't let that worry you, Albert. If I'm any judge ofmen you'll be a lot better off than Iam when you're my age, and it's amighty good thing for a young coupleto go through the years of struggletogether. I was poor when I marriedEthel's mother and we had a lot offun out of being poor. Shake, Albert,and have a cigar.Couldn't Use It.Agent (to sour-faced but rich oldlady) Madam, I am soliciting fundsto start a bievolent enterprise forthe poor blacks of Africa, and IthoughtSour-Faced Lady I can't give youmoney, sir; I have been swindled .toooften. All I can do is to lend mycountenance to the scheme.Agent (sadly) That would simplyruin it. Tit-Bits. jgljfr . ,Here's News-BiMews for Every Singles Soon to be, in ParisThe home, your home, for some time has needed new things.Perhaps for many months "a home of their own" has been the thoughtof many a newly married couple.Why cSeray yotsr faosrae necciecfi comforts or yourselvesWhy have yoii waited?a needed! home?You need wait no longer- Bring fo2. home's wants the home wants o thisstore. The goods the prices the easy payments will bring, in pleasing, satisfying reality, all that your home needs.Come in then Bet us fill the wants comyleteiy to-day, won't you?ExtensiTablesLongevity Calculations.According to Buffon, the life of man"can" last six times as long as it takeshim to become fully developed; according to Bacon and Hufland, eighttimes as long. Now, since man is notconsidered in the anatomical sensecompletely mature before the twenty- jfifth vear of age. his life, according tothe last named two authorities,"could" last 200 years. But, as a matter of fact, outside the Bible, there isno record whatever of such long lives.Among the extraordinary cases of longevity on record and well attested is!that of the Englishman, Thomas Parr,who lived happily at Shropshire tothe age of 152 years. The celebratedHarvey, who dissected him after death,found his body in excellent condition,and stated that had it not been forhis intemperance he might have livedmuch longer. A census taken underEmperor Vespassin showed in the jrelatively small territory of Italy ialone 80 persons over 100 years old,and among these are two had reached the age of 140. The census of theUnited States for 1900 shows 3,981centenarians, and that for 1910 3,504(males 1,271, females, 2,333). Thesefigures have only a dubious value, andmerely because the vanity of someold people causes them to claim theirage much higher than it really is,but for the fact that the majority ofthese centenarians are ignorant per-!sons (2,533 negroes, 111 Indians andthree Mongolians) , whose statementsas to their ages cannot be relied upon.Christian Herald.A solid Oak ExtensionTable, square top, 5 legs,6 feet long, $4.50.Also a round PedestalTable, solid QuarteredOak, 4-2-inch top, justlike cut, highly polished,for $14.75.HoosierKitcken Cabinet.Mil$25.00Vou see with the doorsof j your Kitchen Cabinetopen you have a complete labatory in front ofyou. All necessary equip-ments for the preparingof food is at the tips ofof your fingers.CookStoves.$10.7,We are showing the largest line of Cook Stovesand Ranges in Paris, andat prices on Cook Stoves$10.75, Ranges $25.00and up.A. F. Wheeler Furniture Company,Main Street, Paris, Ky.CHAS. GREEN, Mgr.Opp. Court HouseThe Men Who Succeedas heads of large enterprises are menof great energy. Success today demands health. To ail is to fail. It'sutter folly for a man to endure a weakrun down, half alive condition whenElectric Bitters will pnt him right onhis feet in short order. "Four bottlesdid me more real good than any othermedicine T ever took," writes Chas.B. Allen, Sylvania,Ga. "After yearsof suffering with rheumatism, livertrouble, stomach disorders, and deranged kidneys, I am again, thanksto Electric Bitters, sound and well."Try them. 50c at Oberdorfer's.What We Never ForgetMissed Heaven for a Penny.One of the most curious stories ofa man down on his luck is ClephanPalmer's tale of the poor fellow whomissed heaven for want of a penny.Weary of the struggle for life, he wentto bed and turned on the gas tap ina well closed room. Just as his feetwere on the threshold of the mansionahove the gas ran out, and there wasnot a penny in the house to put in the.slot. London Chronicle.according to science, are the thingsassociated with, our early home life,such as Bucklen's Arnica Salve, thatmother or grandmother used to cureour burns, boils, scalds, sores, skineruptions, cuts, sprains or bruises.Forty years of cures prove its merit.Unrivaled for piles, corns or cold sores.Only 25c at Oberdorfer's.Many Driven From Home.Ever year m many parts of thecountry thousands are driven fromtheir homes by coughs and lung diseases. Friends and business are leftbehind for other climates, but this iscostly and not always sure. A better'way the way of multitudes is touse Dr. King's New Discovery andcure yourself at home. Stay rightthere with your friends and take thissafe medicine. Throat and lung troubles find quick relief and health returns. Its hplp in coughs, colds, gripcroup, whooping cough and sore lungamake it a positive blessing. 50c and$1. Trial bottle free. Guaranteedby Oberdorfer.SmoKe Nuisance."Mother, what Is a smoke nuisance?"Your tather."Are You a WomanYouthful Grandmother.Probably the youngest grandmother jin the world is Mdme. Kuni M'edzu- jkami, the wife of a farmer in the pro-.vince of Idza, Japan. The woman, Jwho is now 28 years old, was married ,when she was 13. She has a daughter jfifteen years old who was married ayear ago and has given birth to a son. IMdme. Medzukami's grandmother isstill alive at the age of 92. .Uncle Ezra Says"It don't take more'n a gill nv effortto git folks into a peck of trouble,"and a little neglect of constipation,biliousness, indigestion or other liverderangement will do the same. If ailing take Dr. King's New Life Pillsfor quick results' Easy, safe, sure,and only L5c at Oberdorfer's.-..TAKE:AARDMThe Woman's TonicJGl3THE BOURBON1 NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 8, 1912MATRIMONIAL.DEATHS.VCOYAL.Baking PowdeAbsolutely PureTo have pure and wholesomefood, be sure that your bakingpowder is made from creamof tartar and not from alum.The Label will guide youRoyal is the only bakingpowder made from RoyalGrape Cream of TartarmIIflte Lime PhosphatesNo AlumChinese Pickpocket.For the first time in the history ofthe San Francisco police department aChinese is under arrest here on thecharge of pocket picking. Ah Chongis the man. He was seen by a passingpoliceman wrestling in the street witha Greek citizen. In his possession wasthe gold watch the Greek claimed hadbeen lifted from his pocket, so "grandlarceny" was written opposite Ah'sname in the book of the city prison.Stockton Mail.RELIGIOUS.Delicate Plant."The flower of the air" is a plantfound in Chili and also in Japan. Thisappellation is given to it because ithas no roots, and is never fixed to theearth. It twines round a dry tree orsterile rock. Each shoot produces twoor three flowers like a lily white,transparent, and odoriferous. It iscapable of being transported two orthree hundred leagues, and vegetatesas it travels, suspended on a twig.THE FAIR!On Friday NextSee our new line of WallPapers, new patterns for Spring.Heavy Galvanized 3-gallon sloppails, with tight fitting covers,special 39c.St. Patrick's Day Paper Napkins and Postal Cards, appropriate designs.Steel Gray Tea Kettles, No. 8size, each 44c.Wax Gas Tapers, a box 4c.Knives and Forks per set 35c.Basting Spoons, 10c quality at5c.Pudding Pans, 10c grade, fiq.35c Lunch Baskets, now 25c. "Heavy Brooms 30c.Umbrellas each 29c.THE FAIR...Six thousand dollars has been raised hv the First Chritsian church ofWinchester to be used in the missionary work at Jubbleoore, India- Dr. G.E. Gorej of China, and Dr. Royal J.Die. of Conco. Africa, have been inthat city raising the money.Another Canndidate.Since the creation of the new Thirtysixth judicial district composed ofFranklin county, there has been apetition in circulation in Georgetownasking Governor McCreary to appointAttorney Victor A. Bradley, Commonwaelth's Attorney of the FourteenthJudicial District to fill the vacancy inthat office due to the Dreaent incumbenr, Uol. Robert B. Franklin residingin Franklin county, and who it isunderstood will receive the appointment to that office in the new district.The announcement of Mr. Bradleymakes two candidates in the field forthe office, as Senator Claude M.Thomas, of Bourbon, is an aspirant,and is said to be strongly favored forthe position.Will Meet in Winchester.The Kentucky Intercollegiate Oratorical Association will hold its springmeeting in Winchester on Friday evening, May S, under the direction of theKentucky Wesleyan College Thejudges as agreed upon weieas follows :Thought and Composition R. P.Hablek, Louisville High School ; Rev.W. F. Crott, Washington, D. C. ; Prof.A. M. Harris, Vanderbilt University.Alternates Dr. Hemphill, Louisville Theological Seminary ; PresidentBlackwell, Rudolph-Macon College,and Prof. Lemung, Amhrest, Mass.Delivery Preisdent Dabney. Univresity of Cincinnati ; Prof. Derraott,Frankfort ; Prof. J. G. Crabbe. Richmond. Alternates Prof. Chapman, Paris;Luther Willis, Shelbyville; James D.Black, Frankfort; Judge Denis Dundon, Paris Dr. J.S. Lyons, Louisville.Insult to Veterans.J. E. Keller, of Lexington, one ofthe best known Confederates in Central Kentucky, Tuesday came out inthe Lexington Leader in a card inwhich he calls on Confederate Veterans to refuse to accept pensions asprovided by law recently passed. Mr.Keller declares the act is an insult toevery veteran, to their wives and theirfamilies. The card asys: 'It is thef vilest and meanest and most damnableJ act ever passed by a legislative body,j and that every veteran should teachhis children, his grand and 'greatgrandchildren never to go to war for astate that has shown herself to be suchan ingrate."HOBFor 33 yearsNettleton Shoeshave stoodfor truethe maneconomy toof moderate means;and to the man ofwealth, the best thatmoney could buy. Wecr e a rr Ante RlParis.Our new Fall line in all leathersPatent Colt, Russia Calf and GunMetal, now ready for inspection.IVf'Willams,Mr. Fred L. Huffstetter and MissOma R. Scott, of Nicholas county,wem united in marriage Tuesday ;afternoon at the Presbyterian manseby Rev. Dr. Shive. Mr. Huffstetter isa propserous young farmer and hisbride a handsome social favorite. Theyhave the congratulations ot a host oifriends in Baubron and .Nicholas counties.The Cicninnati Enquirer of Sunday, March 3, contained the iollowing :"A pretty home wedding was solemnized last Sunday evening, whenHazel Strauss, daughtei of Mr. andMrs. Leopold Strauss, and Harry baloHhin. of Paris. Ky.. were united inmarriacre at the home or the bride sparents at 1506 Lincoln avenue, Walnut Hills. The living room was aecorated with nalms and lillies and anarch smilax. Here liabbi JacobMielzner Derformed the very impressive ceremony. The bride entered witnher father, who gave her in marriageThe bride was attired in white satin,with an overdress of .hand embroideredvAile trimmed in lace and pearls, andshe carried a shower bouquet of brideroses, amilax' and valley lnles. Mr.and Mrs. Strauss gave a sumptuousHinner. with the table decorations ofsmilax. ferns and carnations andvery elaborate menu was served to theimmediate relatives Alter an extended honeymoon in the South the youngpeople will live in Paris, Ky"A nrettv home wedding was thatof Miss Loura Leer to Mr. Roger Randolnh Earlv of Lexington, which ocpurred at "Idlewild." the deautiiuicountry home of Mr. and Mrs. B. F,Rpcklev. Wednesday afternoon at 2:30o'clock.The handsome home of Mr. and Mrs.Buckley with its beautiful furnishingswas rendered very attractive for theoccasion with itB decorations of smilax, forming arches over the doors between the library, hall, music room,and fining room, the stairway wasalso reacefully entwined with thesame vine; while gleaming from everypossible place were bright yellowtulips, giving a touch of spring beautyto the surroundings. The ceremonywas performed in the music room, infront of tne cabinet mantel which wasbanked with growing plants and gaywith tulips. Rev. Charles Powell, ofthe Christian church, and who is fromDanville, Ky., pronounced the wordswhich united the young coupie.The bride, who is the youngestdaughter of Mrs. Monroe Leer, is oneof the most attractive young womenin Central Kentucky, possessing manylovely characteristics and was beautiful in her light colored traveling suitwith imported hat to match.The only attendants were two handsome children, who formed an aislewith broad ribbons, Miss EleanorRogers Vaughan, a niece of the bridegroom and Master Monroe LeergBuckley, nephew of the bride.After the ceremony a luncheon wasserved to the guests in the diningroom, which was beautiful in greenand white decorations. Easter lilliesbeing used profusely, and the lilly design was carried out in the ices andcakes.Sweet music was furnished by aharp and violin, the musicians beingreserved from view in the hall by aportiere of smilax. The presents received by the popular couple werenumerous and costly.Mr. and Mrs. Early left for a wedding trip and upon their return willbegin housekeeping on the bridegroom's farm on the Richmond pike,near Lexington.Among those from Lexington whoattended the wedding were: Mr. andMrs. Roger R. Early, Miss Cora Early,Miss Dora Rouse, Mis. Patteison, Mr.Wheeler Belt, Mr. and Mrs. CadWheeler. Mr. and Mrs. Roger Nichols,Mr. and Mrs. Helm Vaughan, MissGeklin, of Missouri, Miss Greathouse,Mr. and Mrs. T. W. Denton, Mr. andMrs. Theodore Smith, Mrs. RobertVaughan. Miss Ethel Drake, MissEsther Vaughan, Miss KatherineChristian, Mrs. Annie Christian, Mr.and Mrs. Cary Berry, Mrs. Hood Gordon, Mr. Graves, Mrs. Sallie Wheeler,Mrs. Belle Wheeler, Mr. and Mrs,Colvin Wheeler, Mr. and Mrs. WarrenWheeler, Mr. and Mrs. Wheeler Early,Mr. Howard Early, Mr. Cuvier Early,Mr. Robert Vaughan, Jr., Mrs. ErnestBourne, Mr. Simeon Drake, Miss Hattie Ell Wheeler.Mr. Charlton H. Lowe, aged 83... . . i f I J Kears, oiea at tne nome oi nia uaugu-ter, Mrs. Chas. Jbiagan, in wincnesierTuesday night following an attacK orparalysis. Mr. Lowe was formerly ?resident of North Middletown, tmscounty, and was the owner of a valuable farm but made his home in Winchester for some time.Up to the time he suffered the strokeof naralvsis. which occurred while hewas seated at the supper table severalweeks ago, he was exceedingly activeand a man of remarkable energy forone of his vears. His mental facultieswere good up to the tune he wasstricken.Durine the war he served in theflonfederate array under General JohnH. Moragn and was noted for hisbravery in every conflict.He is survived by nis wife, who before marriage was Miss Molhe AnnHarris, and three daughters, Mrs.Chas. Hagan,and Misses Charles Anneand Nancy Rebecca Lowe, of Winchester. Two sisters, Mrs. Helen Hutsell and Miss Edna Lowe, of Lexington, also survive.The funeral services were held atthe residence of Mrs. Hagan yesterdaymorning at 11 o'clock, cohdeuted byRev. Richard French assisted by Rev.J. H. MacNeill. The burial took palcein the North Middletown cemetery at2 o'clock yesterday afternoon.-Charlton Francis Campbell, thebright little ten months old son of Dr.and Mrs. Francis P. Campbell, died atthe family residence on High streetshortly after three o'clock Mondayafternoon, after several days illnessdtfe to a complication of ailments.The little child had pneumonia andwhooDinc couEh. made a hard fight toovercome disease. Monday morning islight change for the better was noticed in the chili's condition, but shortlyafter two o'clock the same day he began to fail and oxygen was broughtinto use, but the little boy's heart wastoo weak to stand the stran. and itpassed peacefully away.The funeral was held at the Catholicchurch Tuesday morning at 10 o'clock.Services by Rev. Father Eugene Debruvn. and the burial tooK place inthe family lot in the Catholic cemetery.The pall-bearers were Messrs. Walter Clark, Jesse Kennedy, CharlesMcCarthy and Albert Dempsey.Mrs. Mary Watkins See, agedabout eighty-four 'years, died at thehortie of her daughter, Mrs. ThomasPaton.in Little Rock, Sunday night,after a short illness due to the infirmities of old age. She was the widow ofthe late Mr. Thompson See, and issurvived by the following children :Mrs. Thomas Paton, of Little Rock;Mrs. Boone McKinney, Paris; Mrs.Fannie See, of North Dakota; andMessrs. Preston See, of Paris; TildenSee, of North Middletown; GeorgeSee, Borubon county, and Ben See, ofNicholas county.The funeral services were conductedfrom the residence of Mrs. Paton inLittle Rock, Tuesday afternoon andthe remains were interred in the family lot in the North Middletown cemetery.Saves One Half.Save one half your clnver seed andinsure a stand. See the clover, seeddrill on sale by Yerkes & Prichard. Itwill do it. 9 8tIBIRTHS.Born, Wednesday to the wife ofMr. Martin Heller nee Staggs, adaughter.Born, to the wife of Dr. D. B.Anderson, nee Letton, Wednesdaymorning, a daughter.tforn. at Little Rock to the wifeof Wm. Bryan a daughter, first bornHazel Tablott Brayn.CURIOUS BITSOF HISTORYVALIANT IRISHTAIN.SEA CAP-By A. W. MACY.On May 11, 1775, Capt. Jeremiah O'Brien, owner of a littlelumber sloop, chased and captured the British war schoonerMargaretta, carrying four lightguns and fourteen swivel pieces.O'Brien's crew was thirty-fivelandsmen, mostly Irish, armedwith muskets, pistols, blunderbuses, axes and pitchforks. Theschooner had more men thanthe sloop, and was a commissioned war vessel. She had beensomewhat disabled in a squall,and a lucky shot from the lumber sloop killed the man at thewheel and cleared the quarterdeck. Another shot killed theBritish captain. O'Brien gave theorder to board, and the schooner was captured after a hand-to-handfight. About twenty menin all were killed and wounded.Lodge News.The following has been issued to themembers of Coeur de Lion Commandery :You are hereby notified that at thestated Conclave of Coeur de Lion Commandery No. 26, Knights Templar, tobe held Friday, Marsh 22, at 7 o'clockp. m., the Comroandery will selectsome one to recommend to the GrandCommandery of Kentucky for theoffice of Grand Captain of the Guardto be elected at the Annual Conclavewhich convenes in Paris in May. Youare earnestly requested to be presentand indicate your choice.Call for Condition oi Banks.A call for the condition of the Statebanks and trust companies of Kentucky, as of February 29 was issuedTuesday afternoon by Secretary ofState Creceilua. Reports must be inby the last of this week. This is thefirst call that has been issued by Secretary Creceilus.Wall Paper Time.Now is the time of year to do yourpapering for spring. Our stock wasnever so full and complete with beautiful patterns. Something entirelynew. Come in and look over the bigstock. Our decorators are ready towait on you. Prices to suit all pocketbooks. J. T. HINTON.Failed to Deliver the Goods.Residents of several adjoining counties were recently "picked up" by asmooth swindler. The stranger calledat various homes and took orders forsoap. He sold at greatly reducedprices, and with orders of fifty bars ormore would give away dishes, thelarger the soap order the larger andfiner the set of dishes. Where he couldhe collected in advance for the soapand in some places he only collectedpart of the order. The soap and disheswere to be delivered later. Needlessto say the people who paid their moneyare still looking for the soap anddishes.(Copyright, 1911, by Joseph B. Bowles.)Asks $25,000 lor Death oi Glenn.A suit for $25,000 was filed in theKenton Circuit Court Tuesday byAndrew Glenn as administrator of theestate of Edward Glenn, of Ludlow,who met death by falling into anengine pit at the shops of the C. N. O.& T. P. railroad in Ludlow severalmonths ago. Glenn charges that thecompany's employes were negligent infailing to cover over the apperture.The death of Glenn will be recalled bymany of our citizens and especially thebase ball fans of Paris. During theyear of 1894 he was a member of theIndependent base ball team representing ths city, and played with the Richmond club of the Blue Grass Leaguetwo years ago. He was well known inParis where he had a number offriends.MatchlessShowing of TheNewSPRING SUITSIATI$25 and $30There's no reason why you should not be attired thisseason as smartly and correctly as any of the dwellers inthe metropolitan cities. Your new Spring Suits may haveall the chic, distinctiveness, gracefulness of draping andperfection of fit that distinguish the suits worn on theavenues or boulevards of New York or Chicago and at alower cost than you think providing you choose your newSpring Suit at this store.Here is gathered'the biggest and choicest collection ofSpring Suits at 25 and 30 we have ever shown the pickof the production of the leading fashion creators of thecountry manufacturers who number among their patronsthe largest and most exclusive stores in the United States.They are garments such as custom tailors receive 50 to 60for. - The best of the new and approved styles, every newand worthy material, such as English whipcords, Frenchserge, wide wale diagonals and Scotch wool crashes in thefashionable colors navy, white, black, tan, sepia brownand yacht blue is represented. Amongst such a varietyyou can surely find YOUR particular style, material andIsize.Come and pick YOUR suit now while the assortmentis complete and at its best too, our exceptional values willprove a strong inducement to make purchases at once.Wolf; Wile dc Co.,Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, Ky.moJSPECIALS::POR THIS WEEK:Kellogg' s Toasted Corn Flakes, 10c grade, per box.. .5cNice Fresh F'gs, per lb 8c Z,Fancy Florida Oranges, per doz 25c WGood Quality Brooms 35c wGood Hearth Brooms 15cBest Quality Hard-Wood Clothes Baskets, large 50cCod Fish, per lb 1 5cBest Grade Dried Herring 18cMackerel, large size, 3 for 25c XSteel Cut Monibak Coffee, 3 lbs $1 .OOBest gr,ade Cara-Van Coffee, per lb 30cOld Reliable Coffee, per lb 30c .We have all grades of the National Biscuit Co. 's Goods. APurity, Red Cross and "Lexington Maid" Flour.Fresh MeatsHome-killed Meats, guaranteed; Shipped Meats, under government inspection take your choice. WMorning Glory brand Hams and Breakfastbacon, the 7best on the market, sliced thick or thin, without cost. X! ! ! SPECIAL NOTICE ! ! ! QWe will duplicate Anybody's Prices, Jand Your Credit is Good for 30 Days. XGIVE US A TRIAL ORDERA. W. COTTINGHAM,The Up-Town Grocer, South Main St.Both Telephones No. 7ttUNITED STATES post office, Paris,Ky., March 20, 1912. Sealed proposals will be received at this building until 2 o'clock p. m., April 8,J912, for furnishing fuel, lights,water, ice, miscellaneous supplies,washing towels, hauling ashes, andsprinkling streets for this buildingduring the fiscal year ending June30, 1913, or such portion of the yearas may be deemed advisab e. Theright to reject any and all bids isreserved by the Treasury Department. N. A. Moore, Custodian.Cottage For Sale.Five room cottage located at thecorner of Main and Twelfth streets,contains hall, nice bath room, with hotand cold water. Both water and gas inkitchen. Splendid cistern at dnor.This house is centrally located and isin first class repair, the rooms beingnewly papered. The lot fronts 65 feeton Main street and runs along Twelfthstreet a distance of 107 1-4 feet. Forfurther information apply toMRS. GROVER C. BALDWIN,5 tf E. T. phone 424.Embroideryand Stamping,The undersigned is preparedto do all kinds of Fancy Embroidery Work and Stampingof the latest patterns. Workguaranteed and satisfactiongiven in regard to prices.The public trade is respectfully solicited.liliss Cifla B Duerson,main Street, bet. stir and m.Insure with W- O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 8, 1 912m BOURBON NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGDecision Deferred.The County Judge and Magistratesof Scott County who heard the localoption contest case of the drys Tuesday have defied the decision and willrender it in a few days.Elected Director.At a meeting of the stockholders ofthe Deposit Bank of Carlisle last weekMr. Ed Rice, of North Middletown,was elected as a member of the Boardof Directors. An amendment to thecharter of the institution recentlynecessitated the appointing of threeadditional directors and Mr. Rice wasselectd as one of the number.Rre and tornado insurance.McCLURE & CLENDENIN.Handsome Home Burned.The handsome home of Wm. Addamswas burned in Cynthiana Tuesdaymorning. The fire started in a defective flue. All the household furnishings were rescued from the first floor,but the flames made great headway onthe second and third floors as the water pipes did not have pressure enoughto reach them. The loss is aV'cat $6,000covered by insurance.Rre, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.Farm Sales.Calvert Meng has disposed of a tractof land on the Gillispie pike, betweenof North Middletown and Litt e Rock,containing about 104 acres to W. P.Thomas at $72 per acre.W. T. Graves, of Scoit county,bought recently from Mrs. Sallie BTurley, of Bourbon county, her farmcontaining 52 acres, located cn theXewtown and Leesburg pike, adjoining the land of Hubble Chinn. Theprice paid was 56.500.Immense Line New Wall Paper.Call at my store and pick from thelarge new spring stock of wall paperjust what you need and have it put onnow and avoid the spring rush. Expert decorators ready to do your bidding. J. T. HINTON.Mrs. McClintock Is GrantedDivorce.' The Court of Appeals yesterday reversed the decision of the FayetteCircuit Court in the divorce case ofMrs. Maggie McClintock against JamesD. McClintock, of this city. TheAppellate Court directs that judgmentbe entered granting Mrs. McClintocka divorce from bed and board and aseparate maintenance of $100 permonth for the present. The suit wasfiled in the Fayette Circuit Court several months ago and in thedecision ofJudge Kerr the plaintiff was denied adivorce.Mrs. Maggie Rogers McClintock wasrepresented by Talbott & Whitley, ofParis, George R. Webb, of Lexington,Allen & Duncan, of Lexington, andJudge Denis Dundon, of Paris, represented Mr. McClintock.PERSONAL MENTION.ISR.forP. DowFloridaleftforH.aAppellate Court to Decide Primary Case.Judge Charles Kerr in the FayetteCircuit Court yesterday afternoonmade permanent the temporary restraining order issued last Saturdayenjoining the Democratic Committeeof the Seventh Congressional districtfrom holding the Democratic primarySaturday, March 16, or from meetingin Lexington on Wednesday, March 6,and declaring J. Campbell Cantrill.the incumbent, or any other personthe nominee of the Democratic partyto succeed himself.The injunction granted Thursday remains in force until dissolved by somejudge of the Court of Appeals.Maury Kemper, of counsel for thedefendants, who are composed of thecommitteemen from the various legislative and county districts of theSeventh Congressional district, prayedan appeal from the decision of JudgeKerr to the Court of Appeals, whichJudge Kerr granted.The court in rendering the decisionsaid that the order granting the injunction' was made on the grounds thatthe members of the committee had notbeen sworn.Judge Kerr said in. rendering hisdecision that the court had greatdoubts as to whether he had jurisdiction in the case.and daughter,Frankfort, arefriends in thisFresh Fish Today.Fresh fish received daily. Phone usyour order early.1 tf " SAUER.Garden Seeds.Fine seed potatoes and garden seedof all Kinds. Remember we sell onlythe kind that grow.5tf T. LENIHAN.Mr. John Tanner, of Danville,visiting friends in this county.Mrs. Orie Howard, of Cynthiana,is visiting friends in this city.Mrs. John Scott, of Mt. Sterling,is visiting relatives in this city.Miss Elizabeth Crutcher will laeveMonday for a visit of several days inDanyille.Mr. Ed Nippert, of Cincinnati, isvisiting his father, Mr. P. Nippert, inthis city.Mr. and Mrs.Tuesday morningsevreal weeks stay.Messrs. W. H. Anderson andD. Aleaxnder will leave Monday fortrip to New Orleans.Mrs. J. C. Truman, of Carlisle,Wis the guest Wednesday of Mrs.Harry Mathers in Carlisle.Miss Mary Foster, of Covington,arrived Tuesday for a visit to MissMartha Ferguson near this city.Mr. and Mrs. Clay M. Cleveland,of Cynthiana, are visiting Mr. andMrs. C. C. Cleveland near this city.Miss Alma Gillispie, of LittleRock, has gone to Mt. Sterling for avisit to Mr. and Mrs. W. Hord Tipton.Miss Nora Napier has returned toWinchester after a visit to her parentsCapt. and Mrs. Jesse Napier, in thiscity.Mr. Harry EalsMiss Alma Eals, ofvisiting relatives andcounty.Mr. Charlton E. Rice, of Fulton,Ky., has arrived to be with his fatherMr. R. M. Rice, who continues critically ill.-Mrs. G. E. Young is at the bedside of her mother, Mrs. W. S. Feeback who is quite ill at her home inCarlisle.Miss Marie Cheatham, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. H. P. .Cheatham, 'formerly of this city, is slowly recoveringfrom a serious illness at her home inCarlisle.Mr. and Mrs. Horace Collins entertained Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Bacon andMiss Clara Bacon at a dinner Tuesdayevening.Mr. R. L. Whaley, a representative of the Standard Oil Co , willshortly move with his family to Covington to reside.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Hancock anddaughters. Misses Frances Edith andVirginia, have returned from a trip toSt. Petersburg, Fla..Mrs. Newton Taylor has returnedfrom St. Joseph Hospital, Lexington,where she recently underwen an operation, much improved in health.Mrs. Swift Champ left Tuesdayfor Jacksonville, ula , to join herdaughter, Miss Frances Champ, whohas been spending the winter there.Mrs. Elliott Ford and littledaughter, Jane, have returned fromGeorgetown after a two weeks' visit tothe lormer'sfaunt, Mrs. Kirby Muir.Little Miss Ruth Adair has sufficiently recovered from a recent attackof pneumonia to be removed fromBourbon College to Mr. William Woodford's where she makes her home.Latest advices from the bedside ofmiss Kutn morgan, oi iNasnvme, at 10 0clock a the f0Howing st0ckTenn., are to tne -effect that she le- anri farm;ne. imnlempnts:mains sreinnslv ill. and whim th at- . . .tending physicians are hopeful as toIncubator Oil.We handle genuine high grade incubator oil. Nothing better.5 2t SAUER.FOR SALE.A few pieces of choice antique furniture, as good as new, for sale at abargain for cash.J. ELVOVE, Paris, Ky.S-3t Home Phone 360.Want Tobacco Land.Ten or twelve acres to raise onshares in Bourbon or adjoining count.Address,213 West Pine Street,8-3t Lexington, Ky.Some Lemon.We were handed a lemon last weekbut it was only a curioisty in the fruitkingdom says , the Carlsile Advocate.R .L. Wilson, of Millersburg, sent toour office a lemon that weighed twopounds and seven ounces and the circumference of which was 17 1-2 inches.Three years ago Mrs. Wilson was presented with the plant as a premiumand last year five lemons equally aslarge as the one above stated grew.This year three grew all of whichwere the same size. It is a curiosity,being larger than medium size grapefruit.Saves OneHalLSave one. half your clover seed andinsure a stand. See the clover seeddrill on sale by Yerkes & Prichard. Itwill do it. 9 8tA Cure for Hog Cholera.If your hogs are sick come in andget Laughlin's Cholera Cure, and Tcurethem. The best farmers in Bourboncounty will tell you it cures. For saleonly byCHAS. E. BUTLER & CO.,. Druggists.20 tf i Opp. Court House, Paris.FORMARCHNow On Sale.Come In and Hear Them.Ask for one of our newcomplete Record Catalogs,the finest thing of its kindpublic sale Daashcrtv Bros.OFStock, Farm Implements,Etc.Having decided to give up farming, Iwill sell at public auction, on the premises, two miles east of North Middletown, on tne Levy pike, onTuesday, March 12, 1912,Elks Elect Officers.At the meeting of Paris Lodge No.232 B. P. O. E.. Tuesday night the following officers were elected for the ensuing year :Exalted Ruler J. Q. Ward.Esteemed Leading Knight 3. K.Nichols.Esteemed Loyal Knight A. F.Frendberg.Esteemed Lecturing Knight H. C.Horton.Secretary J. W. Bacon.Treasurer C. K. Thomas.Tyler O. P. Carter, Sr.Trustee for three years Wm. Shire.Mr. R. K. McCarney was chosen asthe representative of Paris Lodge tothe Grand Lodge meeting at Portland,Oregon, in July.Bourbon Fiscal Court in SessionLittle buisness was Before the Bourbon Fiscal Court at its Regular monthly meeting yesterday. Squire L. J.Fretwell presided with Magistrates E.P. Thomason, R. H. Burris, J. J. Redman, O. B. Lloyd, B. F. Stipp and G.K. Redmon present.The report of Road Supervisor Kedmon was submitted to the court andordered made of record.Claims to the amount of $720.40were allowed anl ordered paid, andthe sum of S115 derived from rentswas placed to the account of the RoadSupervisor for use on the turnpikes.County Clerk Paton was appointed aspecial commissioner to make and execute a deed from Bouibon county tothe Louisvile and Nashville railroadcomDanv for a small triangular pieceof the jail property.fiirls Secure Game.The management of the girls basketball team have finally been aoie toKfhodnlp a frame on the High Schoolfloor for Saturday night, March 9.They take on the strong five from St..inWo r.nUetrate Institute. Carlisle,iTv Thic tpam defeated CaldwellHigh School by a decisive score andchnuM rivp the local crirls somethingto do. The local team has not lostrom thin vear. They have madetntni nf 140 noints to their opponents-11 nnc fuiim has:heen able tofhmw a'trnal aeainst them, that beingState University. Miss Chambersplaying guard on the Paris team hfcsnot had a goal thrown over her thisyear. The whole team is playirgball and ought to goh tho qpfison with a cleanrecord. This may be the last gamethe local floor this season. The gamewill be called p-omptly at :30. IheHigh School Band will furnish themusic.her recovery, yet her parents. Elderand Mrs. Carey E. Morgan, are apprehensive.Poultry and Stock Food.Full line of Praatt's Poultry andStock Food. This is conceded to bethe best line on the market.5 2t SAUER.beenClerkfourHuff-Real Estate Transfers.The following deeds haverecorded in the office of CountyPaton :D. C. Hlark to Annie Bradley,lots in Millersburg, 595.Timothy . Shannon to W. V.sin 1 Sh S ft Sman, luu acrs jana, n.ysu.Hattie W. Stevens to J. W. Bacon,house and lot in Paris, $1.B. F. Adcock to T. 'S. Shannon,house and lot in Paris, $1.Lloyd Ashurst to John M. Brennan,111.23 acres. S8.500 and other valuableconsiderations.Lucy B. Simms ! to Sidney True,house and lot in Paris, $400.Edw. Owsley to Albert Rice, lot inRuddles Mills 50.Child Found Dead in Bed.The two months old baby daughterof Mr. andvMrs. Lora Gaunze wasfound dead in its mother's arms in bedTuesday morning, about four o'clockThe cause of the child's death wassaid to be choking resulting from theswelling of the glands in the neck.Coroner Rudolph Davis was summonedand rendered a verdict in accordancewith the above facts. Mr. and Mrs.Gaunze are tenants on the W. A.Thomnson olace near North Middle-town, and came there from Nicholascounty almost a month agowas buried at Salt Wells,county, Wednesday.The bodyNicholas1 bay work mare. 10 years old;1 saddle mare, 6 years old;1 filly, 2 years old, in foal:1 combined mare, 0 years old, ladybroke;1 harness gelding, 6 years old, ladybroke;2 Jersey cows, one to be fresh April 1 ;1 red cow, fresh March 15;1 rubber tired top buggy;1 steel tired top buggy;1 rubber runabout;1 spring wagon and pole;2 farm wagons;1 feed slide;1 Brown cultivator;2 breaking plows, double and singleshovel;1 Randall harrow;1 set wagon gear;2 sets buggy gear;2 sets buggy harness;1 pair bittens ;1 good Texas saddle.Besides the above there are manyother things too numerous to mention.The sale will be held rain or shine.If the weather is bad sale will be hel dunder shelter.TERMS Made known on dav of sale.M. G. TALBOTT.H. S. Caywood, auctioneer.ever issued.iTheThat Something DifferentIs Here Get the Name."Ratine" or "TerryCloth."White and All Good Spring Shades. , .Latest New York Novelty in Wash Material,Used for Dresses, Skirts and Trimmings.Come, He the first to see it.I W. Ed TuckerALWAYS THE NU.Agent Butterich Patternsi-irees usn specials,For Saturday.SOMETHING NEWKroger's Cakes, Five Varieties.Chocolate Layer,Ribbon Layer,Vanilla Layer,Ice Cream Layer,Caramel Layer.1 5c Each, 3 For 25cMuth's Raisin and Cinnamon Bread.mmFEE'SJ. T. HINTONTHE HOME OUTFITTER.Seamless Wilton Velvet RugA New InstitutionFor Paris.Paris is now in line withnearly all of the progressivecities in Kentucky in having aTrust Company to serve thepeople in all capacities withinthe province of a Trust Company. '$16.90CANYOUSEEYou beat this price when you consider the Quality and the patterns of these rugs?Will find my pricesture thansales.loweryou see advertised inon all lines of f urni-so-called bigFor your self my offerings in Wall Paper andLace Curtains, for I surely can please youandsave you money.BigJLand Deal.One of the largest land deals consummated in the mountains of Kentucky for some time was made a fewdays ago when Mr. Robert L. Thomasand the heirs of the late William R.Thomas, who for many years have operated the Ford Lumber Mills in Clarkcounty, sold to an Eastern syndicate23,000 acres of valuable coal and timber lands in Jackson and adjoiningcounties for approximately $470,000.The syndicate will cut the timber and jdevelop the coal fields which are con-1sidered among the richest of Eastern tKentucky. Mrs. John T. Ireland, of ILexington, and Mrs. Thomas E. Moore,of Pans, two of the heirs of the late jCaptain James M. Thomas, of Paris, Itwe or three years ago sold their one-!half interest in the lands to W. R.Thomas and Robert L. Thomas for580,000.IIThe BourbonBank Sc Trust Co.with ample resources and excellent equipment stands ready toact as Executor or Administrator of estates and as Trustee orGuardian of infant heirs andother persons, and in all fiduciary capacities. In addition theirTrust Department is empoweredto act as management of property, as Assignee and as Trustee for bond issues.All business, large or small,will be given careful attentionby the officers of the BourbonBank & Trust Co. and will beunder the supervision of the.Board of Directors.WHAT Do you say to a Davenport. You find others ask $14.90 for thefor $13.75?same article.IS . ! It not to your advantage to buy from me? I save youmoney and give you what you buy, andBEST Of all, I sell you nothing but nice fresh goods nothingsecond-hand.SEE MYREFRIGERATORS!I Handle the Best. -J. T. HEI3STT03NT.iiIIITHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 8, 1912.Couldn't Walk!"I used to be fescfoled with a weakness peculiar towomen," writes Mrs. Anna Jones,, of Kenny, 111. Fornearly a year, I could not walk, without holding my sides.I tried several different doctors, but I grew worse. Finally,our druggist advised Cardui for my complaint. I was sothin, my weight was 115. Now, I weigh 163, and I amnever sick. I ride horseback as good as ever. I am infine health at 52 years."r uCarduiThe -Woman'sTonicWe have thousands of such letters, and more arearriving daily. Such earnest testimony from those whohave tried it, surely proves the great value of this vegetable, tonic medicine, for women. yCardui relieves women's sufferings, and builds weakwomen up to health and strength. If you are a woman,give it a trial. It should help you, for it has helped a million others. It is made from pure, harmless, herb ingredients, which act promptly and surely on the womanly organs.It is a good tonic. Try it! Your druggist sells itWrite to: Ladies' Advisory Dept., Chattanooga Medicine Co., Chattanooga, Tcnn.,for Special Instructions, and 04-page book, "Home Treatment for Women, " sent free. J 58STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESHomoitI TWIN BROSClothing DepartmentTailoring Announcement.The expert tailor of the celebrated TailoringCompany of Hamburger & SonsBaltimore, Md.,wilUbe at our store withover 400 styles ofNEW SPRING SUITINGSshowing the newest effects and weaves.Prices range from $18 to $50. Get yourorder in now, and Easter Day you will becorrectly dressed. We absolutsly guaranteeyou fit omo sale. Remember the dates'March 7.9L. WOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.L. 6c N. TIME-TAEBLIN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.mNo.Trains ArriveFROM34 ' Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5.21 am134 Lexington, Ky., Daily 4.34am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 am7, Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 am. 10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday... '. 8.12 am37 Cincinnati, O., DBily 9.50 am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 am12 Lexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 am26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .12.00 'am25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pmm aysviue, jy., uauy except bunaa3- 3.15 pm Trimble county, also opposed a private138 Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pm session38 Knoxville,Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily . 5.25 pm39 Cincinnati, O.. Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pm30 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6,03 pm.8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday.., 6.03 am32 Jacksonville. Fla., Daily 6 05 DmSevere weather will cut the lambcrop down one third in Shebly county.Fifty-two boys have been .enrolledin the boys' corn growing club bycounty Superintendent of SchoolsLanter, of Clark county. This is thelargest enrollment ever maae in theState for the first year of organization.Monday was regular county courtday in Maysville. The day was not asattractive as it mighf have been, yetthere were a good number of countrypeople in the city shopping and therewere a good number of horses andcattle on the streets for sale.Howard Lewis, who for a ' numberof years has represented J. E. Widener, the wealthy Eastern sportsman,bought the stallion Garry Hermann,sire of Governor Gray and ten broodmares from the widow of DietrichMeschendorf, who owned the WaldeckStud and farm near Louisville.Many horses in Scott county ?redying from a peculiar malady, whichtakes them off suddenly, and whichthey last but a few hours. They appear to grow wild for a short time,when they lose their sight and theirlimbs then become paralyzed. Theexperienced veternarians are unableto even benefit them. Some very valuable animals have taken this strangedisease withing the last several days.It is thougnht it is caused from eatingcorn that was rotten at the core, thelong drouths of last fall causingtrouble with this grain.The Climax reports the Richmondcourt as follows: "Notwithstandingthe inelemet weather a large crowdcame to town Monday to attend countycourt. The Madison Stock Yards reports about 7QQ cattle on the market,with prices ranging from 2 1-2 cents to5 1-2 cents. The demand was verygood. The mule and horse market wasconsiderably improved over the pastcourt day. The highest price paid fora single mule was $190. Good muleswere greedily sought and prices weresatisfactory."The world's record for butter production in a single year, long held byColanthia, a Wisconsin Holstein cow,has been broken by Clothflde II, anEastern cow of the same breed, saysthe Christian Herald. The newchampion has just completed heryear's test, and according to the official figures produced in 365 days, 1,277pounds uf butter from 250,00 poundsof milk. This is an average of 106pounds of butter each month in theyear. This new record appears at atime when the price of butter is soaring sky high to fifty cents with thepromise of siAty in the near future.The State of Kentucky offers thefollowing prizes to the Girls' TomatoClub:1. To the girl in each county whocans the greatest quantity of tomatoesfrom one-tenth acre, a diploma signedby the Governor, theCoinmissioner ofAgriculture, the Superintendent ofPublic Instruction and the CountySuperintendent will be given.2. To the girls who cans the greatest quantity or tomatoes irom onetenth acre in the section a 4 yearscholarship in State Univesrity or theNormal Schools will be given.3. To the girl who cans the greatestquantity of tomatoes from one tenthacre in State a trophy valued at $25will be given.4. To the girl who exhibits thefinest quality of canned tomatoes ineach county to be shown at the cornshow in Lexington the first week inJanuary 1913, a canning outfit valuedat S20 will be given.With thirty out of the forty-sixcounties of the district, represented theDistrict: Board of the Buries TobaccoSociety met at the court house in Lexington Tuesday afternoon at 2 o'clockin regular quarterly session. The purpose of the meeting was to canvassthe returns from the recent poolingcampaign, and ascertain just howmuch of the acreage had been signed,and to take steps towards selecting asuitable site for the proposed co-operativetobacco factory. PresidentClarence Lebus presided. The roll ofthe Burley Tobacco Comany was thencalled and showed thirty present,constituting a quorum. The questionthen came up a3 to whether the boardshould go into executive session uponmotion or ivir. u ri. Willis, and wasdiscussed. Mr. Witherspoon opposed anexecutive session, ivir. a. u. Kincr. ofBourbon Garage & Supply Co.?Paris, KentuckyThnders "20" three Speed Deliver? Car.CATERERS jlPrice $800 f.o.b. DetroitINSIDE DIMENSIONS:43 inches wide; 35 inches wide in door frame; 49 inches long back ofseat; 53 inches high. Load capacity 1,000 pounds.Body is interchangeable with Flanders touring car body and in a few minutesthe delivery car can be transferred into the touring car.Write for Circular giving complete specifications.Bourbon Oarage & Supply Co,Cor, 4th and High Sreets, ' ,Paris,KentuckyWill Demonstrate Its MeritBeyond Any Question of DoubtG. S. Varden & Son Will Supply Without Cost a Limited Number ofFull Size Packages to Demonstrate Its Merit.If you who know the distressingsymptoms in Indigestion, who experience the many discomforts of upsetstomachs were assured beyond adoubt if you knew positively yourdruggist could supply a remedy thatwould relieve you instantly and cureyou permanently, you would get apackage quick, wouldn't you?There is such a remedy it is calledDIGESTIT, and can be had from G.S. Varden & Son. You do not haveto take anybody's word for it proveits merit by trying it yourself. G. S.Varden & Son will furnish a full size"package without cost to a limitednumber of people.This liberal offer is made to showyou beyond a question of a doubt thewondertul merit of Uigestit. it youDIGESTIT is a harmless medicine,absolutely free from poisonous orhabit-forming drugs. It digests foodin a natural way, and supplies nutriment to the famished body.Drug stores throughout the countryhave been supplied with this remark-are a victim you cannoc airora to miss ' aoie medicine ana are authorized toreiier. tro toand getathis opportunity to getG. S. Varden & Son nowpackage as it will be furnished onlyto a .imited number.sell it at 50c a packace with the distinct understanding that your moneywill be refunded if you are not pleased with results.31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 1050Trains IDe-psirtpmsession.TM m I . . ..xub uiuciai report or tne acreagepooiea snows lbb.zsb acres This doesnot include htteen counties unrepresented, and unomcial renrots frnmthese will increase the acreage to overno, uuu acres.TOamaman:amamamNo.34 Cincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday : 5.35Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.20Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20Lexington, Ky., Daily ..9.57Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55Jacksonville, Ma., Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily io.27 amMaysville, K., Daily 12.05 provyiiimduci, rs-y.j uauy xiuepL ouiiuay lZ.U-i amLexington, Ky.., Daily Except Sunday 3.34 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 3 4n TmT 1 JJ TT ti-;i- -n i- ni i " ' urvuwiuiiu, xi.y., jjaiiy except ounaay 5.52 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday s.57 rmviuwiuaui) KJ. j I jjanjf ................................ . t) l) T)TiTVTo -.re-Trill,-.. V,r T oCKr T?,, - O J " ' " 'umyoyuic, XJO.IL V JLJAUCpu OUllUdV O.lh Dmn4.1.: Tr rV -if -r-i i n -1 " " 'wuuuiaiiii, -y. uauy ixuepc ounaay t 25 pmLexington, K., Daily ."10.55 pmAuiAiiuAf vju., iauy 10.57 p429f101373733133626253839132.8303113IN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trains Arrive ""No: - FROM2 ankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8 134 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3408 'Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only iio.OUTrains 3DepsirtSo. TO161 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only :'. 7 jn7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday . . . . Y43x.c auiiiufi. jw. uaiiv Jxnfinr, xnnnavampmpmpm3 Frankfort; Ky Daily.Except Sunday .J. '.:VJS.amam1; -.9:53 am. .o.OijamIn the Declaration.Too often in speech and print occur"Uncle Sam's common people," "Myservants," "Our middle classes." Re-rv,.-U1 T-l -iuuuuau v ranee still adores herprinces and despises her poor. TheUnited States and the Kingdom of.ueaven were founded for Hie homesof the poor and the weary and thepersecuted not for flunkey monkeysQUESTION CLEARED UP.Paris Readers Can No LongerDoubt the Evidence.A ? T.again ana again we have read ofstrangers in distant towns who haveoeen curea oy this or that medicine.out rans pertinent question has al-wajs Deen Has anyone here in Parisbeen cured." The words of a strangerliving a hundred miles away may betrue, but it cannot have the sameweight with us as the word of our nroncitizens who we know and respect andwhose evidence we can so easily proveMrs. Newman. Pleasant St.. PmtmcKy., says: "I have u3ed:Doan'a KjhIney Pills and like them 'They are safe to use at any time. Ihad backache and headaches and wa?very nervous.showing that my kidneyswere disordered. When 1 henrH nhnnfuoan s money Pil s. i upr fhpmoeiore Jong thev made mobetter."andentirelyKENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route." .HourlyParisHigh SpeedService.ThroughI New Spring GoodsATLexington FrankfortDivision.Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankforb every hour onthe hour from G a. m. until 8 p. m.,and at 10 p. m., the last car goingonly as far as Versailles .Cars leave Lexington for Versaillesand Frankfort, and for Paris everyhour on the hour from 6 a. m. until7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p. m., thelast car going' only as far as Versailles. Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington and Paris every thirtyminutes after the hour from 6:30 a.m. until 7:30 p. m., and at 10:30 p.m., the last car going only as iaras Lexington.GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTONNICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexingtonand Nicholasville every forty-fiveminutes after the hour from 5:45 a.xn. until 6:45 p. m., and 8:05 and10:05 p.m.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetownevery hour on the hour from 6 a. m' until 7 p. m. and at 9 and p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville every thirty minutes after the 1nour rrom o:au a. m. until 7:aup.m. and at 9:30 p. m. and 11 p. m.Cars leave iNicnoiasviue ror vexing-ton and Georgetown every fifteenminutes afterTWIN BROS.Department StoreCor. 7th and MainGinghams,White Goods,Percales,Piquas, Poplins,Linens,'Dress Goods,Silks,Skirts, Suits,Dresses,.Waists, Etc.Big Lot of Tobacco Cotton at Lowest Prices.TWIN BROS.Paris, KentuckyrOR RENT.I have for rent or will lease for aterm of years the best livery and salebarn in Paris, Kentcuky. Situatednnrnpi" Spnnnrl nnri Main af-rppte; nnnn.the hour from 6 :l5 a. ;site Windsor Hotl, posseession givenE. T.P hone 198.J. H. BUTLER.Paris, Ky.m. until 2:15 p. m. and 10:15 p. m. ' jaru t 1912.Daily Fast Freight Service BetweenPans, Lexington, Versailles, Frankfort, Georgetown and all Intermediate Points. Freight Agent's Telphohes: Old Phone '309, NewPhone 309.12 tfGo to Buck's.For a nice bath; hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclas? barbers. 13 tfFOR SALE PRIVATELY.Eight room frame residence and lotfronting seventy feet and ten inches.on Higgins avenue, and two hundredand eight feet deep ; bath room, newroof, gas leading to house; large garden and good cistern.WM. A. GRIMES,E. T. phone 45 or 364.23 tf Paris,, Ky.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 8, 1912.Job PpimiineWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;ME BRINGS CHANGESCheap Work Done Good!TRE J9B RGOfflS OFTHEBURBNNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asKILL ncADS.LETTERHEADS,CARDS,;CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest. improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.3RANDM0THER MOURNS; GRANDDAUGHTER IS JOYFUL.TRIUMPH FOR WRITERIllustration, Not Much Exaggerated, ofthe Modern Trend "Don't KnowWhere We're Going, but theGoing Is Good."Che Bourbon Xm104 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application."When John asked permission topay his addresses to me, father investigated his character very carefullybefore consenting," said grandmother."The first time Reginald called Ilooked up his father in Bradstreet'sbefore risking any further damage tothe drawing room furniture," laughedGeraldine."And when John asked me to marry him, I told him I would think itover. A girl didn't throw herself at aman 'in my day.""She doesn't now, either. WhenReginald asked me, I said I would answer him as soon as my father sawhis father and ascertained if he wouldmake the right kind of a settlementon us.""For months father and mother werethe only ones who knew that Johnand I were engaged. I wouldn't havehad anj-body know for worlds," saidgrandmother."I sent the notice to the newspapersthe next morning after Reginald proposed," acknowledged Geraldine. "Itrequires a lot more nerve for a manto break an engagement alter it hasbeen announced.""As soon as we became engaged,"mused the elder lady, "I set to workhemming towels and table linen. Ihad already pieced quilts and madecomforts in anticipation of the daywhen I should have a home of myown.""It's up to Reginald to provide thecomforts of home, if we have onewhich I hope we shall not. I preferto live in a hotel," asserted the younger woman emphatically."John warned me that his boardwas seldom more than bacon and cornbread, but I was willing to share itwith him.""I am willing to share Reginald'sboard as long as he can afford toboard where they keep a good chef.""Sundays," said grandmother, "Johnsaddled old Bess, put the pillion on behind for me, and we rode 20 miles tochurch.""I have promised Reginald that hemay stay at home and read the Sundaysupplements if he will provide a limousine for my church-going.""I wove the cloth and did all thesewing for myself and my six children," said grandmother."Women married, then, to get work,"declared Geraldine. "Now they marryso they can quit work.""Yes," asserted the old lady, "thtmodern woman toils not, neither doesshe spin.""I am acquainted with several whohave to toil pretty hard and spin manyfairy tales in order to work their husbands for a new gown. If Reginaldturns out like that, I'll renovate hisideas or Reno-vate him.""At the pace we are traveling now,I don't know where we shall land,"mourned grandmother."Neither do I," admitted Geraldine;"but the going is good. Why borrowa tire until you have a blowout?"Judge.Undiplomatic Druggist.South Trimble, clerk of the house ofrepresentatives, was talking about diplomacy. "In a public post," he said, "greatdiplomacy is needed. The man in apublic post must be diplomatic all thetime; otherwise he will be treatedlike the druggist."A druggist, late one cold winternight, was awakened by the tinkle ofhis emergency bell. It was a boy.The druggist slipped on a dressinggown, went shivering downstairs andfound the boy wanted two cents'worth of chewing gum." 'It's like your cheek,' the druggistgrowled, 'to wake me up at this timeof night for a paltry two cents' worth.'"At this the boy scowled, threwdown the gum and pocketed his twocents again."'Like my cheek, it is?' he said.'Then I'll take my custom somewhereelse. You can keep your chewinggum. I won't have it now, after yoursauce.'"And he stalked out wrathfully, andthe poor druggist went shivering backto bed."FLASH OF THOUGHT SAVED THESITUATION.Splendid Stadium Going Up.The Stadium for the Olympic gamesof 1912 is now in course of erectionat Stockholm, Sweden. The buildingis erected in hand-made purple bricksand cranite. Inside this permanentbuilding extra rows of temporaryseats will be arranged ior use duringthe games. The Stadium will thenhold about 25,000 spectators. It contains a running track, four laps to themile, and a grass football groundwhich in the winter time will betransformed into a skating rink. Thegates and arches are vaulted in theold Swedish style. On the brick wallsthere are blocks of granite inlaid inwhich a series of Swedish heroes willbe sculptured, and the gates to theentrance stairs will be decorated by18 heathen gods and goddesses.Frederick Upham Adams Turned Jokeon O. H. P. Belmont, Being HelpedSomewhat by His Experience. as a Novelist.Table sagacity is not invariably confined to"picking out the right fork orspoon or to tilting either at the proper angle, writes Drury Underwood inthe Chicago Post. A fledgling dinerout, theoretically, may keep up a conversation with his designated companion and also an eager eye on a modelacross the way. A merely casual hesitancy will allow him to stall until hesees what weapon to choose for thefish.The chances for the majority of usto decide what to do in an emergency,are remote, but are to be considered.Place yourself in the situation of Frederick TJpham Adams at Newport.Mr. Adams had accepted an invitation from the O. H. P. Belmontsthe male one, to be exact and aftera Scotch overture luncheon was announced. "Grizzly," said O. H. P., "Mrs. Stuyvesant Fish is to lunch with us, butthat need not make any difference.""Certainly not," said Griz. "Nobodycan make me unhappy."The meal proceeded smoothly, withthe assistance of an assortment ofbutlers and a waiter for each person,but there was a crisis ahead.The doors of the serving room flew,open and a flunky came in, staggeringunder an imposing dish. It was a castle constructed of meats, with a wallof jelly and a moat of rice. Therewere parapets and towers and a portcullis; likewise a porte cochere, butthis probably was a gastronomic anachronism. Mr. Adams never batted an eye, because, being a novelist, he had to befamiliar with such scenes for a properstanding in fiction. He had a trickyhost to deal with, however, for O. H. P.indicated by a glance that the openspot in front of Mr. Adams' plate wasto be the terminal for the pie.Grizzly looked in vain for the signof a mistake. Instead there was confirmation in the stony eyes of O. H.P. There was nothing for him to dobut to proceed. He recalled "Ivanhoe"and the carrying of the castle by assault, but in brief reflection saw thatthe dismantling of the wall would beto undo the work of some chef, who,in all likelihood, had put in two orthree days on the job. So he disengaged a rampart of ham without pulling down the structure and removeda chicken tower flying a flag of carvedradish.Then O. H. P. relaxed and gave amomentary gleam of approval."It was the quickest thought of mylife," said Mr. Adams in review of theincident as he ordered pork shanks.Tears In the Contract.A southern lawyer has gained statewide repute for his success in pleadingcriminal xsases. His claim to fame isthat he sheds real tears while urgingjuries to save his innocent clients, andthe clause "No tears, no' pay!" is apart of every contract he makes.He had a case not long ago thatseemed easy on the start, but developed later into a most difficult one.Not long after he had turned on thetears the attorney had 11 of the juryweeping also. One stony-hearted jurorsat and glared at him. Tears had noeffect on him. The attorney redoubledhis efforts and his tears. He devotedhimself entirely to this adamant juror.Tears splashed from his eyes anddewed his whiskers and his waistcoat.He talked eloquently and cried stillmore eloquently. Presently the setfeatures of the determined juror relaxed a' bit.Brushing away most of the tearsthe attorney turned his back to thejuror and bent down to get a glass ofwater. As he stooped he whisperedto his law partner, who sat near him:"John, I've never lost one yet! Thatdarned old sucker can't hold out twominutes more."And he didn't. Saturday EveningPest.She Knew.Jack When I asked Ethel if shewould be mine she fell on my breastand sobbed like a child, but finally sheput her arms around my. neck andMaud Oh, yes, I know all aboutthat; I rehearsed it with her.. ; fDon't Talk About Your Troubles.Learn to keep your own affairslocked up In your heart, but be willing to listen to others' sorrows.That's the way to do.There is no use in the world inharping on the crazy tear-makingevents of life.Be patient with the faults of others and be patient with your own.But don't talk about the worries andtrials of everyday existence.There' is no sense in that at all. Itis a tremendous waste of energy. Noone wants to hear about individualtroubles. Constant talking about one'stroubles is a sure path to chronicfault finding, bickering, and familyrows that cause more misery thananything else on earth. And whatgood does the talking do? The sympathy you get doesn't amount to a rowof pins.Individuals of the right sort resentbeing pitied. Don't be a sympathybeggar.Smiles lead you back to youth,tears drag you quickly to old age.State of Ohio, City of Toledo, )Lucas County.Frank J. Cheney maks oath that heis senior partner of the firm of F. J.Cheney & Co., doing business in thecity of Toledo, county and stateaforesaid, and that said firm will paythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each an every case of catarrh that cannot be cured by the useof Hall's Catarrh Cure.FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and subscribedin my presence this 6th day of December, A. D. 1886.A. W. GLEAS0N,Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally and acts directly on the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Send for testimonials free.F. J. CHEENY & CO.. To'edo, O.Sold cy all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills tor constipation.DR. DOLLESSANITARIUM "SSSf'A Truthful Girl."I am very sorry, Captain Snobb,that circumstances over which Ihave no control compel me to sayno.""May I ask what the circumstancesare?"'-'Yours." Lippincott'srFirst Use, of Tobacco.The first pipe smokers, it is claimed,were the medicine men. Tobacco wasused in the first place as an incense toburn before the great spirits. Thebwning of tobacco was an expressionof man's homage to him just as theburning of spices, such as frankincense and myrrh, has been in theOrient since time began. Among theIndians from Hudson's Bay to CapeHorn the plant was regarded as sacred, hence the present use, "divine"weed.Parchment From the Greeks.The Greeks of Pergamus are said tohave prepared parchment from theskins of the goat or sheep. Theywere curried, deprived of all fat, thinned uniformly by the knife, dyed, orwhitened, and finally rubbed downwith pumice stone to a smooth andeven surface. Called pergamenumfrom the city of its origin, the new material became "parchment" in the English tongue. National Magazine.; Valuable Crucifix.Ten years ago a carved ivory crucifix was bought at a rag fair at Reus.On her death, soon after, the purchaser left the crucifix to her daughter, wife of the deputy, Senor Mayner.A visitor to the house offered SenoraMayner $500 for it, but it was refused.An antiquarian, learning of the existence of the crucifix, offered $75,000,but this, too, was declined. It is nowknown that the crucifix is one of thefinest carvings of Leonardo da Vinci.An offer of $125,000 from an Americancollector is now being considered.MEN CURED AT SMALL COIT.Difficult Surgical Operations Performed WWt PSkill and Success, When Ssrgery it 3scssry ,ALL DISEASES' OF MEN "'ii&Sr,Dll ETQ PERN3AHEMT CURE "rlLCO Positively GuaranteedVARICOCELEtM?".RUPTURE cJ&'lf&JISiand RESTORATIVE Treatment in Loss of Vital PmmIIVMHIPEI C CUBED In a Few Days.nllinUuELI. Special Tnatsat FnaZfitesatiaa.Don't give up hope until yon havo seen old Or.Dolle! He will Rive you FREE a thorough examination, and will tell yon the Tj-Htb.Ceasaltatlon Free and confidential at ofice orby letter. Twenty Yean' experience, Trawedattendants. Best of care. 62 p. Keeli ea Mea'xDljtease Free, upon receipt of 4 cts. forpeetags,giving much valaa'ale information. Call attowa office or write tono n i nm i c 525 walnut street,UKi bi La UULLs Cincinnati. xTOBACCOHAUL1INU...;,We are prepared to fhaulTobacco to the markets atany point. No crop toolarge. We can furnish teamsand wagons.TRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ihauling. Moving is & ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Eighth Street Both Phones.Low Round TnpReindeer and Yak for Alaska.The reindeer used to be knownchiefly in the Christmas picture book,while the South American yak is stillknown chiefly through his occasionalvisits with the circus. The scarcityof game, and therefore food for flesheating dogs, is reviving a demand inAlaska for herb-eating beasts of burden. Reindeer are being shipped westfrom Labrador, and it is hoped also toget some yak from the Andes to helpout.Only Made It Worse.James Payn tells of a whist playerbeing told by an opponent that hecould always tell by his face whenhe had a good hand. This he resented exceedingly, and applied to hispartner for a refutation of it; but hewas still more irritated by his formof corroboration, "that he had nevernoticed any expression in his countenance whatever."RATES!Homeseekers' FaresTo points in Arizona. Arkansas,Louisana, Missouri, ;Ncw Mexica.Oklahoma, Texas, Kansas, Nebraska,Montana. Michigan. Wisconsin, Alabama, Florida and Mississippi. Tickets on sale first and tbird Tuesday! ofeach month with final return limit 25days from date of sale except to destinations in Florida, final limit will ke12 days from date of sale. Liberalstopovers allowed in homeseeker territory. We also have on sale daily unMHApril 30, 1912, with final return limitMay 31, 1912 Winter Tourist ticketspoints in Alabama, Florida. Georgri,Louisana, New Meixco and Texas,with liberal stopovers allowed.For further information, call on orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.SHOEM t ! s mFor 33 yearsNettleton Shoeshave Stood for trueeconomy to the manof moderate means;and to the man ofwealth, the best thatmoney could buy. Weare sole agents forParis.Our new Fall line in all leathersPatent Colt, Russia Calf and GunMetal, now ready for inspection.Geo. M'Willams,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 8, 1912.Aerial Gun Practice.Aerial gun practice is not confinedon our battleships, to one and threepounders. The Springfield rifle, thebullet of which hurled at an angle of5 degrees elevation, reaches a heightof G.SOO feet, is such an effective piecethat it "will afford no inconsiderabledefense against any aeroplane whichvould attempt to execute feats ofbomb dropping.J"" THE FINAL jWIND-UPOn AH RemainingWINWe mast clear our shelves of every pair ofWinter Shoes at once to make room for ourLARGE SPRINGSTOCK NOWARRIVINGOur policy is not to carry over goods from oneseason to another. You surely will regret itpf youdon't take advantage of this great reduction. Beon hand early and take your choice of the balanceof these high-grade goods.tMThis cut represents the famous "Restshu"made especially for women with tender feet. ThisShoe is made of soft Kid, in button andjlace. Thesoles are especially treated to make them soft andflexible and bends with ease with every motionofthe foot. If you are troubled with your feet wcsuggest that you let us fit your feet with a pairof "Restshu."DA IN COHEN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky.Australia Healthiest Country.Australia is the healthiest countryin the world, according to statistics'presented at the meeting of the Imperial Medical Institute at London recently. The figures, based on latecensus statistics, show that Australiahas a death rate of 10.95 a thousanda year, which is considerably lowerthan that of any other part of theworld.TER1 if1J 9J 1' J5 sI 1 m IIMILLERSBURG ITEMS.Miss Martha Jameson, of Frankfort, is the guest of Miss Alfa Ball.The ladies society of the Christianchurch met with Mrs. Aaron McCon-nell Wednesday afternoon.Mr. J. D. Bradley has purchased two Jlots hi Judyville from Amos Case andson, Claude. Terms private.Mr. Ralls and family have movedfrom Sharpbsurg to his farm recentlypurchased from Postmaster U.S. G.Pepper.Mr. J. P. Auixier has purchased thehome of Mr. Jarres Vickers in Judyville at a private price. Mr. Vickersand family have moved to Midway.I have secured the agency for theB. and C. Baking Co. and handle iheirwrapped cakes daily and guaranteethem to be Fresh.LOUIS VIMONT.Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Strode, whohave been the guests of their parents,Squire and Mrs. A. C. Ball, for thepast two months left for their homeat Chester, Mont., Tuesday.Patronize the Paris Steam Laundry.Good work and prompt service guaranteed. We will send for and returnyour work.LOUIS VIMONT, Agent.The pupils or the voice departmentof the M. F. C, will give a recitalthis evening beginning at 7:45. Allfriends and patrons of the institutionare cordially invited to be present.Mr. Aaron McConnell entertainedhis Sunday school class Thursday evening with a nix o'clock dinner. Mr. ,1.H. Burroughs, Superintendent of theSunday cshool was the enly one outsideof the class present.Mr. and Mrs. Joseph McClintock,of Kansas City, Mo arrived Wednesday as guests of their uncle and aunt,Mr. and Mrs, Thomas McClintock,I hey are enroute from Florida wherethey have been spending the winter.Mr.and Mrs. George Bramblett havemoved to the property of Dr. W. M.Miller on Eighth street Saturdayrecently vacated by J. W. Connell andfaimly from Moorefield. Mr. Bramblett purchased tne Allen farm sometime ago.Walter Johnson was arrested hereMonday afternoon ona warrant swornout by Mr. S. H. rindicott charginghim with petit larceny. Quite a number of articles have been taken fromthe Endicott store recently. His trialis set for this morning at 10:3U beforeJudge Dundon. He is the only son ofMrs. Bessie Johnson, of this city.Dr. W. G. Dailey has organized aRoosevelt club with -some fifteen ortwenty member3. The Roosevelt Doomis on here and this club promises to Levery formidable in the next!few days.The Roosevelt enthusiasts believe thatthe salvation of the Republican partyrests entirely on his nomination andare putting forth every effort to bringthis about. Dr. Dailey is a prorgessive Republican and does not take anactive hand in politics. From the present signs it looks like Roosevelt willhave a- following here.Mr. Thomas Monson, of St. Joseph,Mo., was the guest of his cousin, Mr.J. H. Collier, Tuesday and Wednesday.Mr. Monson is a tobacco grower ofMissouri and shipped a car of the weedto the Lexington loose leaf marketand has been in Lexington for severaldayb. It is his first visit to Kentuckyand he is very much impressed withthe state. The tobacco industry in hisstate is a new one and is jet in itsinfancy. He saw mere tobacco whilein Lexington than was raised in anytwo co unties in his state.Values of Ancient Coinage.The value of a shekel of silver-would be approximately 50 cents; thatof a gold sheckel $10. A talent of silver would be worth about $2,000 anda talent of gold approximately $30,000.A piece of silver was worth about 16cents, while a mite was a small fraction of a cent.CURIOUS BITSOF HISTORYA NAPOLEONIC COLONY INALABAMA.By A. W. MACY.The overthrow of Napoleonand the establishment of a newregime in France, was followedby the banishment of many ofhis prominent followers and supporters. Among them ' weregenerals and other officers ofhigh rank, and ladies who hadfigured prominently in courtcircles. One group of themcame to America, with the ideaof establishing a little community of their own, but subject to the jurisdiction of theUnited States. Congress granted them, by act of March 3,1817, four townships of land, tobe selected by them in the stateof Alabama; the conditions being that they should cultivatethe vine on one acre in eachquarter section, and the oliveon another, and at the end of14 years pay the governmentB $2 an acre for the land. About400 men and women came over,under the leadership of MarshalGrouchy and General Lefebre.Most of them settled in two villages, Demopolis and Eaglesville,in what is now Marengo county.Here they lived for severalyears in quietness and simplicity. But the vine and the olivedid not prosper, and the leadersbecame discouraged. The colonygradually melted away, thoughit is said the descendants ofsome of these aristocraticFrench- settlers are still -Ao .befound in that region. '(Copyright, 1911, by Joseph B. Bowfes.)(Continue'd from Page 1)will head a subscription list with$1,000, provided that it is circualted inParis and Bourbon county to securethe amount necessary to pay for therights of way that may not be donatedbetween Paris and North Mddletown.Third I will subscribe $2,000 incash toward securng the road provideda route is used that does not gothrough my farm at all.Will you please give as much publicity to these, the actual facts, as youdid to the particle referred to, so thatthe people of North Midaletown mayjudge whether others along the linewill waive any greater part of theirdamages or whether those who havebeen so free with their criticisms anddictations as to my actions will be asready and as prompt to render substantial aid.It is a very easy matter to say whatshould be given bv other people. Letus hear from tnose who have the sameinterest in Paris as I have and whohave been so ready to inspire sucharticles as the one you published. Letus hear what they are willing to dothemselves.I trust that this may be seen in theright lignt and that everyoue interested may feel inclined to do his part inthis, and that this road may soon beassured.Yours respectfully,J. T.'HINTON.DIAMOND NOTES.Manager Ed McKernan, of theBattle Creek, Mich., club has purchased of. the Winchester club CatcherLaross and Shortstop Callahan.At a meeting of the directors of theWinchester Base Ball Cluo Mondaynight, a committee was appointed toraise $1,500 to finance tne club forthe coming season. It is thought thatif the 1,500 can be raised to tide theclub through the training season itwill be aelO supporting through therest of the season. A meeting will beheld next week to elect a manger.George P. Shears, an ex-m ember jof the Bourbonite pitching staff, nowa New York recruit, is thought to beone of the best prospects in HarryWolverton's squad for the coming season. Reports say tint the young Ken-tui-.kianis well liked by his newmanager and is sure of a good chanceto make good in fast company. Shearsis only twenty years of age and is 6feet three mchea tall. He mas withParis last season when they won theBlue Grass League penant. He worked in 37 games, winning 20. He struckout 168 batters and walked 66.When thejseason for spring practicerolls around eighteen or twenty menfrom which will be picked the team torepresent Paris in the Blue GrassLeague this season will make thierway to this city to enter on theirstrenuous work of conditioning for thetrials that-will be before them duringthe coming struggle for 1912 pennanthonors.The Paris team this season will bemade up almost entirely of newmaterial, as only one of the men whichcomposed the team last year has re-,mained on the reserve list after thedrafting.season has signed a contract,that being Outfielder Goodman, who isnow in the city awaiting the arrival ofthe other members of the club whoare scheduled to appear here aboutApril 11.The fact that Billy Kuhlman, thefast third sacker of the pennant winning organization for two years, hasnot returned his contract is becominga matter of deep concern wih thefans, and James Hauser, the startwirler, who was the only hurler inthis company who last season presided on the mound in a no-hit affair, isanother who the local followers of thegame were counting on to be one ofthe first to send his contract.Although there will be many newfaces here this season, the local management is confident of finding somereal good material and to this date atotal of eighteen men have been signed. Manager Lewis, who will arrivehere about ten days ahead of the othermen under contract, seems to be on thelookout for a number of good hurlersto make up the pitching staff this season and besides himself has gatheredtogether half a dozen, most of whomwere members of the Marion, O., clubof which he was at the head for twoseasons. They are C. C. Meyer, Lawrence Ulrich, H. S. Blankenship, PeteWood, J. C. Clarke and Ed Koebler.W.ood is a brother of Pitcher JoeWood, of the Boston Nationals and issaid to be a youngster of muchpromise.Two catchers have been signed totry for the place made vacant by thedrafting of Walter Mayer, who thisyear goes to the Chicago White Sox.They are Howard Myers and LeoPick. C. J. Conrad will try for Barnett's position at first and Thos. Dunlap and Clem Howard, the latter aCynthiana boy, will try to make thesecond station. Giles and Gallowayare two new shortfielders and the clubhas under contract an outfielder bythe name of Fenzel.President Bacon stated that he hasthe hooks out for a high class catcher,but is not sure at this time whether itwill be possible to get his here. However, the club will put forth a mightyeffort as it is realized that this mostresponsible position must be filled bya competent -man. It is also statedseveral other players are being considered and an outfielder who shouldfigure prominently in the battingrecord of the league members is beingsought.Beginning Life.It is a sad thing to begin life withlow conceptions of it. It may not bepossible for a young man to measurelife; but. it js possible to say: "I amresolved to put life, to its noblest andbest use." T. T. Hunger.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESThe Carlisle "Advocate says:"George Stewart has purchased of E.N: Fowler 55 acres of land paying thesum of $2 700. This land is a portionof the H. C. Wells land. With thisaddition of 55 acres, Mr. Stewart whois a young man, is accumulating considerable property, and if he keeps upthe pace he is going at present he willbe one of Nicholas county's mot extensive land owners in a-few years.$1Will startOO and startsuccess.U JlgriculturlCapital$100,00.00Surplus$67,500.00Wills Probated.The will of Mrs, Mary Stivers wasprobated in the county court yesterday. By the terms of the instrumentwhich bears the date of December 2,1911, the estate is divided between herand her six chilrden, Messrs. Jamesand Hooker Stivers, of this city, andSherman Stivers, of Lexington, Mrs.Ella G. Woods, of Winchester, Mrs.Arthur Burley and Mrs. L. B. Kent,of Paris. The testator bequeaths allof herp resonal effects to her granddaughter, Louise Keal. James Stiverswas appointed administrator of theestate without bond.The will of Mrs. Sallie Turner wasalso offered for probate. After thepayment of her just dbets she devisedall of her property both real andpersonal to her daughter, Mrs. JanieMuir, who cared for her during her illness and declining years, and requested that no appraisement or inventoryof the estate be made. The will bearsthe date of February 5, 1912.Field Seeds.We are headquarters for timothy,clover and alsike seeds. See us beforebuying. Both phones 14.27 4t CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.Report o! Reynolds Sale.Auctioneer George D. Speakes reports a fair crowd at the sale o Rev.L. H. Reynolds, which was held yesterday near North Middletown, Endeverythnig offered brought goodprices. Brood sows brought $20 toS32.50; small shoats, 4 to $10: 700pound cattle 35.25 per head ;milk cows,$30 to $40 ; honrsea, $100 to $165 ; twoyear old mule $92.50; sheep, $4.75 perhead; corn, $4.75 per harrel; loose hay$27 per ton. Farming implements soldwell.orSAVINGJfOTmmOTHEY5A1Birwjj.IT TEACHECopyright 1910, by the Standard Adv. Co.WHEN you instill into the minds of your children theHABIT OF SAVING, you start them on the road tosuccess. You teach them self restraint, and youillustrate the value of money. With these rudiments therecan be no failure. Do your duty. Start a bank accountfor your children TO-DAY.UraitecJ States Depository -for PostalSavings.We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accountsDEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.Capita! $100,000a bank account here,you on the road toBanH of Paris,Protection$267,500.00THEATRICAL.ELABORATE PRODUCTION OF"TEN NIGHTS IN A BARROOM."At the Paris Grand Saturday afternoon and night will be presented theelaborate Imp production of "TenNights in a Barroom. " This is by farthe most gigantic motion picture production of a play ever produced. Thefact that it was produced by the Imppeople is conclusive of its perfectnesain veery detail. The play is in fourreels, comprising 3,500 feet of film andover 100 scenes. It was staged by anall star cast of performers." Every scene of the famous novel andplay is produced with several additionsmaking its production easily rank asthe greatest of all motion picture productions. The photorgaphy is excellent andt he film being new are exceptionally clear and distinct. This isone oft he few motion picture productions that is unqualifiely endorsedby the clergy as teaching a good morallesson, and every parent should seethat their chilrden, as well as themsevles witness it. It is prelete withpathos and comedy. There is no sensationalism. There are 25 peoplb inthe cast making it the greatest dramatic picture of the century. Aspceial matinee at two o'clock and atnight at eight o'clock. Aamission terncents.Sounded Like a Threat."I'm going to ride at the country,"said a Frenchman, whose English wasnot very perfect, to a friend in town."You should say ride in the country,"remarked the friend. "Oh! yes verygood," responded the Frenchman, "andwhen I come back I will knock inyour door."Surplus $30,000wmm jel ' . i&x