-. VTHE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1912,- IOVERLANDTobacco Sales Open In Paris.1913Overland Model 69TCOMPLETELY EQUIPPED$985.00Self Starter Central Control30 Horsepow er 1 1 0-in . Wheel Ease5-Passinger Tour- Timken Bearingsuig Car Prcbtolite TankRemy Magneto Clear Vision WindWarner Speedeomter ShieldMohair Top and Boot All Bright PartsTires 32x3)4 Q. D. Nickel PlatedDEMONSTRATIONS SOLICITED' M. Jo LAVINDistributor For Bourbon CountyIzighth and MaSn Streets, Paris, Kentuckyjreoottosyj ,w iorialcV,V,llwV.For Christmas17-lb. Sugar , $1.002 Cans of Standard Corn 15c .Or 1 Dozen Cans for 80cStandard Tomatoes, per can 10cSeeded Raisins, 16 oz. pkg 10cCurrents, 16 oz pkg 12 l-2cLayer Raisins, per lb v . 10c and 12 l-2cFigs, 12 oz. pkg Tft;W.:i0cDates, 12 oz. pkg '. 10cDate in bulk, per lb 10cCitron, perjlb .. 20c.Plum Pudding 302Mixed Nuts, per lb ." 15cMixed Candies of all kinds.Fire Works.Come and See Us and We WillSave Vou MoneyT. C. LENIHAN.Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234Ww-Get What You Pay FormyTRAGOODGetting what youpay for, in style, fit,quality and satisfactiontha's a job that's notalways easy when youstart out to buy Boy'sClothes. 'Get Your Next Boy'sSuit Here-Learn whatit means to patronize astore that sells satisfaction. You'll discover thatthere's no store that considers i t s customer'sprofit first, that gives allyou pay for.Boy's Suits, Ages7 to 17$5 to $10m1 PRi6E&60.6iotHiermsartld3Sfefm&xmiMmmmand FurnishersmmmmjMmiBmmmHiefzmimiB:With the highest prices of the season prevailing and with a large and interested crowd Present, the loose leaftobacco market was opened in thiscity Tuesday morning at the warehouse of the Bourbon Tobacco andWarehouse Co., in Barns Addition.Prices obtained were highly satisfactory to both the officials of the warehouse and the sellers and buyers werewell pleased with the offerings.Fully two hundred thousand pounds,some ot it the choicest product of thecounty were offered in various quantities and every hand was disposed of bythe tinip the sales closed in the afternoon. The prices ranced from $4 toS4U per hundred, the laCter price being obtained foi a smal quantity otthe choicest cigarette leaf.'ihe sales were opened formally atten o'clocK Tuesday morning, whenHon. G. M. Clay, president of theBourbon Qobacco and Warehouse Co.,on behalf of the officials of the concern delivered a short address to thebuyers and visitors. His remarkswere happily received. In the courseut ms brief address Col. Clay thankedthe growers for the confidence theydisplayed in the local concern by consigning to it their product and gavethe assurance that the prices obtainedwould be the equal of any secured atany sales warehouse In the state.He said that at a great expense localcaoital had erected the gigantic saleswarehouse in this city, and that itssuccess depended in a great measureupon the growers, and the only waytor them to contribute to it was byfurnishing tobacco for the local floors.He predicted a good market and satisfactory prices for ihe product providedthe growers would supply the demand.Mr. Kenney .Nichols, of Paris, manager of the concern, took charge ofaffairs at the conclusion of Col.Clay's remarks, and had direct chargeof the sales until the last pound of tobacco was disposed of. AuctioneerGeorge Gibbons, of Lexington, andCol. George D. Speakes, of Paris,conducted the sales and succeeded indisposing of the unusually largeamount of tobacco at prices that havenot been exceeded by any market inCentral Kentucky.Renresentatives of the AmericanTobacco Co., P. Lorillard Co., L. Petty Co.. J. P. Taylor Co., Ligcitt &Myera, R. J. Revnolds Co., and otherswere present. Bidding during the daywas spirited.The highest price obtained duringthe dav was realized upon a consignment ot J, W. Thomias, ofJdpurboncounty. The basket contained Je3Sthan a hundred pounds, but being ofthe very finest bright leaf, soared tothe highest point after spirited biddingand was knocked off lo D. W. feed, ofParis, at the rate of $40 per hundred.About the highest average of theday was made on the crop ot Hutchcraft and Linville. The consignmentwas offered in twenty baskets of various weights and was sold at pricesranging from 13 1-2 lo 20 1-2 cents perpound or an average of 18 77 per hundred for the entire cro. Another cropbelonging to Hutchcraft & Kern, containing 14 basketB, was sold for an average of 16 cents per pound.The second highest price receivedon a single basket of the weed was21 for a portion of the consignmentof Talbott and Biddle, of Bouibon.The offering was of fancy bright leafand went to the buyer for Liggitt &Myers.Henry Cay wood, of North Middle-town, who had consigned an excellentcrop, disposed of his holdings at private sale and when it went under thehammer it brought an average of 18per hundred.Carl Williams, oE near Paris, received an average of 16 cents for his crop.Pat Burke had a crop which broughtan average of 15 cents per pound.Among the other " crops whichbrought good prices were those ofJohn T. Hedges, James McClure, W.H. Whaley, Jr.. Brent and Burke, Jacob? and Stewart and Buckner andClaypool.The first sale of the day was a basket from the crop of Israel Jacksonand was knocked off at 12 1-2 cents toBuyer Patton, of the R. J. ReynoldsTobacco Co., and the second offeringfrom the same crop was bought byBuyer Cdleman for Liggett & Myers,at the same price.Of the total of 2 00,000 pounds offered at the sales Tuesday not a singlebasket was rejected.It is stated upon reliable auhoritythat the prices obtained for the tobacco Tuesday was at least 2 per hundred pounds higher all around thanthe prices obtained for tobacco on theLexington market this season, or atthe sales of any other warehouse inthis section. This sentiment wasvoiced by a large number of growersand buyers and as an evidence of theconfidence of local producers in thePans warehouse, one grower who hasa large amount of tobacco in Lexington stated he proposed to haul his tobacco to Paris and put it on the localbrakes.Allison uraves, ot Louisville, incharge of the American TobaccoCompany in Central Kentucky, andat the head of the buying force wasa visitor on the market Tuesday.Most of the tobacco offered waspurchased bv the leading concerns ofthe country and was shipped immediately to the factories.So rapjily was the iobacco received at the local warehouse prior tothe sale that much of it had to beturned away owing to a lack of floorroom, but after the grand clearingTuesday they began to receive tobacco for the second sale which will beheld tomorrow and a full floor.Beginning with next week it isplanned to have three sales eachweek at the local warehouse.OTHER SALES.Numerous tobacco sales have beenmade in this county in the past few. (Continued on Page 8)"WE KNOW HOW""NIn Selecting aChristmas PresentFor Father, Brother or Sweetheart,Come to our store, we will showyou the very latest of styles at theright prices inItwwSuits Jewelry ShirtsOvercoats Watch Charms TiesSweaters Cuff Buttons GlovesTrunks Scarf Pins SoxSuit Cases Telescopes UnderwearHats Fur Caps Umbrellas Shoesj?HUNTING OUTFITSOur Specialty in Dux Back Clothing and Witch-ElkShoes from 6 to 1 8 inches in height.Also a Most Attractive Line ofxLadies' Gloves and HosesIMitcheSS & Blakemore,Outfitter ti Men-X Paris, .Kentucky$mmaatr.'iXW;XXTiffiKmmiimimimuiiiirm iiiiiiiiiiiiiiifiirriiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiirHiiiiiiniiuMiuiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiuiiirii!q&5FRANK & CO SThe Store Where Reliability Reigns."SBs'1.Special Sale-j1onEadies' Suits$35.00 Suits $1 9.7525.00 Suits , 16.7520.00 Suits ............ 12.7515.00 Suits .'.'. '..... ... I....... 10.75C v t t , 3 "jr Ladies' Coats,$25.00 Values for ! $15.0020.00 Values for 10.0015.00 Values for '. S.95Children's COats All Reduced in Price& itiF-c5cToys and Dolls Now On DisplayNovelties In Every Department Suitable ForChristmas Giving1 1 FRANK oc COItuimnirHunuriiiiMM Ji-fSS3lsa1iiwm&HM&SHaSB:MS!Hi4Jf . &&, v&Um ,&M- 'HJtJkLi&i,Sjj:&fc3ukr&i fea&L 3?.Jjte&4hMs&&iP'1' p-l,pj'''V"r""''5r" zv r-rE-irJry!n'---flB' "W- irr41HL BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DECEMBER 13, 1912iv1i 'M1tXSBit?1Hf!Ifilli4tf.KEM. &! Ui IKI&S3HTHE. BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayWSC(!tlWlU :, mt -71Iuauieh anu ueiuieiueuYour Fall ShoesArc Merc.- One Year. . . .2. 00 -Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceIThey are new, seasonable nd reasonable. The assortment is made upof the best styles of the world's bestShoe makers. The scope is so broadand the size ranges so complete youwill find your size in any make youdesire.We have also a full line of Misses',Children's and Boys' School Shoes inGun Metal, Patents and Tans.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch tor first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matt er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertispments and yearly contracts.The right o' publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.GEO. McWILLIAMS,Phones 301The Shoe ManIJ&$'&':& $&'&& '.......1....-.....Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Street8We TakePleasure.in "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes beck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeI Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.if3lS'S'S'''S'S AnIIIMoney in TheBank Means aMe ry Christmas.It means that you are assured of a Merry Christmas, because with money in the Bankyou can draw on it for anything you wish as a ChristmasGift to any member of yourfamily or your friends.Start a Savings account withus as a Christmas gift for yourboy or girl. It serves a doublepurpose, as a gift and to teachthem economy and thrift.We offer every convenience to our' Depositors.3 per cent, interest para onTime Depositstoe Agricultural Bank of Paris 29 . iMiddy Wanted Irom SeventhDistrict.Representative J. G. Cantrill willsubject all candidates for a vacant Annapolis cadetship. which he has at hisdisuosal to a competitive examination.This will be confined to youths Iromthe Seventh district and will be heldat Lexington about January 1.Each county paper in the districthas been asked to notify all rspirantsofMr. Cantrill's purpose. He desiresthe bet equipDed young Kentuckian,mentally and physically, he can find."Bv this system I expect to securethe material for a future Admiral,"said Mr. Cantrill in Washington in announcing his purpose.Mr. Cantrill sent the News the following official notice of the examination :Bourbon News, Paris, Kv.Dear Sir There will be apDointedthis winter from the Seventh Kentucky Congressional district a Midshipman at Annapolis. If there is anyyoung man in your county who desiresto enter a competitive examination,which will soon be held in the district,I would be glad to have him write meat once. Each applicant must be between the ages ot 16 and 20 years andphysically sound. I would be glad ifvou would make mention of this inyour Daper and oblige. Respectfully,J. C. CANTRILL..Many growing girls in schoolor business are frail delicateanemic lack energy ana ambition and have thin blood. It isall unnatural and unless checkedleads to serious and chronic ills.Nourishment, not drugs, is thelaw of reason to build strengthbut when appetite is poor anddigestion weak, ordinary foodsdo not nourish then SCOTT'SEMULSION is necessary.SCO TT'S EMULSION overcomes just such conditions; itstissue material entersthe blood without digestive effort and makesit rich. It tones thewhole system and startsthe healthy action ofcells throughout thebody.Imitations are oftenoffered, but to get resultsyou must set SCOTT'S.dwttf JR. Tnna "Rlnrtmfin "W TI irade-Maik 12-66Which is Better Try an Experiment or Profit by a ParisCitizen's Experience."Something new is an experiment.Must bs proved to be as represented.8 The statement of a manufacturer -isnot convincing proof of merit.But the endorsement of friends is.Now supposing you had a had back,A lame, weak or aching one.Would you experiment on it.You will read of many so" calledcures.Endorsed by strangers from faraway places.It's different when the endorsementcorner from home.Easy to prove local testimony.Read this case:George McCandles, butcher. Paris,Ky., savs: "Sometime ago I had occasion to use a kidney remedy and atthat time Doan's Kidney Pills gaveme complete relief, which has provenpermanent. I got them for backachesand disordered kidneys. The way theystopped my trouble has proven theirmerits."Timely Articles.For Christmas gifts : Shaving towels, embroidered fancy bags, embroidered waists, initial handkerchiefs.Christmas letters, pin cushions, everything for the baby.hand painted dinner cards, stampim? done promptly atthe Art Shop.6 3t MRS. W. E. BOARD, Prop.None Better.Get a pair of our Eclipse Shoes,none better,tf FELDS' SHOE STORE.An Xmas Gift tor Mother.Buy one of those cook book3 of oursfor mother's Christmas gift. "Cake.Candy and Culinary Crinkles," is thetitle of the best cook book in the! world. On sale at Paris Kodk Store.x MRS. W. A. JOHNSON.Sole Agent.Give a Kindell Davenport for aChristmas present. I am sole agent.J. T. HINTON.Wins Cup.At the recent Hamilton. Ohio, Poultry Show, advertised as the largestsilver pup poultry show in the world,Mr. C. M. Clay, Jr., of this county,on his exhibit of Barred Rocks, won a$50 silver cup for the best pen, andEecond premium on hen, the only twoentries he made.Half Price Sale.Thursday. Friday and Saturday $25suits at 12.50.t SIMON DEPT. STORE.Jury Commissioners.Ciriqut Judge R. L. Stout hasan--nouncedthe appointment of the jurycommissioners of Bourbon for the ensuing years as follows : F. P. Lowry,'of Paris John T. Collins, of NorthMiddletown, and Joseph Leach, ofElizabeth.IILady's Desk for $5.Have that desk set aBide for Christmas, tf A. F. WHEELER & CO.Change in Time TableThe Louisville and Nashville Railroad has announced the followingchanges of its time table effectiveDec. 8: No. 32"arrive 6:18 p. m; depart 6 :23 p. m. ; No. 8 for Mayeville,depart 6:20; No. 2n for Lexington, departs 3:33 p. m.Move on Nowsays a policeman Jto a street crowd,and whacks heads if it don't. ."Moveon 4 now,' says the big, harsh mineralpills to bowel congestion ana sufferingfollows. Dr. King's New Lite Pillsdon't bulldoze the bowels. They gently persuade them to right "'action, anahealth follows. 25 cents at Oberdor-fer's.Larue's Successor Elected.At a meeting of the directors of theBourbonT obacco Warehouse Co.. Mr.Ed Burl-e, of this citv, was elected tothe oeffie of vice president to succeedthe late John A. Larue, who died recently. Mr. Larue's place on theBoard of Directors of the concern wasfilled with the election of W. C. Dodson, of Paris.If you are troubled with chronicconstipation, the mild and gentle effectof Chamberlain's Tablets makes themespecially suited to your case For saleby all dealersA Des Moines man had an attack ofmuscular rhematism in nis- shoulderA. friend advised him to go to HotSprings. That meant an expense of$150 or more. He sought for a quicker and cheaper way to cure it andfound it in Chamberlain's Liniment.Three days after the first applicationof this iiniment he was well. Forsale by all dealers.$50.00 TO $100.00 A MONTHFor your spare time Experience not needed. Want an active man in this locality."To introduce us to your friends. Wo paylargest cash benefits "when sick, injured,and at death, for smallest cost. Free-Insuranceand Cash-Bonus offer to first applicant from this place. Write quick forparticulars.THE I-L-U 835, Covington, Ky.Lexington MilitaryandBanOrchestraSTOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES.D. W. Peed, of this city, boughtthe crop of tobacco of Wm. Mason, ofthis county, containing about 20.000pounds at 14 cents per pound straight.A. P. Adair & Son., of near Paris,have sold the following Durocs at $2jjeach : To C. N. Conrad, of Grantcounty, 1 boar pig; B. B. Ardery. ofBourbon, 1 boar pig ; Dr. -J. A. Lewis,of Scott county, one bred gilt.2 V"112 West Main St.LEXINGTON, KY.Music For All OccasionsNewOld.TELEPHONES:185 and 638;Only such music willbe supplied as will bea pleasure to our patrons and a credit to. the organization.A.WOMAK'S G LOOKSDepend on her general health and freedom from poin. Many a woman holip ol7before her time because of tfcose irreguienusa touch uic wswiuany lenuninc.StaiihsagetinS from ecrly womanhood, sno suiicrs i-ori r.rev-J" r-uu.rinsiracscmentsit upset her womanly t-calth. If she cc beaut lal s.i3 grows into t.-at mellowwithout wrinkles anxi croviecc aDOus: mc -ryes or iuu u- .-.xv uuuurneatrI is invariably the rule that such women suiie hit v, or r.o. at a.i, irom women".,tac necitn anu i r.,3 iu t. u xujis j u-v.; bu-iy oi pannmnsments vhitri ranand suffering. DrM.V. Picrcc,thc igmcu". Lpocm' in tso diseases 01 won.cn, fcun Ja prescription in his early practice that soo ned t.uc organism peculiar to vcn:arhood olicd the machinery, as it were, of the human-system and helped the vonr.ato pass those painful periods thai scar-lined and j.0ed her face. This remedy becar .the well-Icnown L?r. i leree a ravonce rrcscnpuon, tr.ct re,bercikeu thousands oi women and saved them from rzhcryend suffering ct different periods in life.Ivlrr. Hakesly 13- Prnr.ci:, 01 2A 1 Bright Street, Sarnia, Ont, -writer :"I ani no.. a well "woman aiter ruffcrinc: for three years and dociorinwith several different doctors, each one sayins it waa something difTer-ent, and the last one, alter patt:n. mo tnroncn a tnorougn e-sanunatio.yJmiconsent to tiie operation ssl was too weak and too much afraid, but a. .. i .i - j: i t : I T T;-. .i:: .Kks. Pierce.eight boxes of 'Lotion Tablets, and can safely praise the name of Dr.Tierce's .medicines to all v ho suffer from any female disease, for thesomedicines arts all th- y a.c c jxu-J t Lo, antr'l hope will help others ajRTRIGHTMETAL SHINGLESCOiiui,fiif-r.3.''ks:iSf, -jjrK-?'?' t .. ic.T? soStorm-proof, too, because they interlock and overlap in such a wsy th;; tKe fflfirotorm-proor, too, because theyiest driving snow or rain cannot sift under them.Best roof for country buildings, because they're safe from all the elements.7 They'll last as long as the building, and never need repairs.Tor Sate by Milter & Best, rViiliersburg, Ky.'SS2SSSssSaSd'S2:bTHE BES1?Clinkers. 1 per cent ash,Lots of Heat.Dodson& DentonPARIS, KY.VeSs&xSmsS 9&2&sbTHE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland Telephone works forhim. He will reply:1. Sells My Products 4. Protects the HomeKf 2, Gets Best Prices 5. Helps the Housewife3. Brings Supplies 6. Increases Profits7. Pays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet.For information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporatedTWINBROSDspanmeni9 Istoie .701 -703 Main St.,Invites you to inspect their handsome and stylish display of5ALL DRY GOODS,DRESS GOODS, MISSES'and LADIES' READY-TO-WEARGARMENTS.; SUITS, SKIRTS, .MILLINERY,CLOAKS, SHOES, DRESSES.iPlease Call. Always several! toshow our goods. ImkSosmlilrj !?-iSjKl-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, . KENTUCKY DECEMBERS, 1912.Catarrh Cannot be CuredwithS local applications as they cannot reach the seat of the diseased Catarrh is a blood or constitutional chai'zso, and in order to cure it you musttzic internal remedies. Hall's Gatarh Cure is taken internally, and; :ts dircetly upon the blood and mu--ussurfaces. Hall's Catarrh Cure isVt a quack medicine. It was pre-T-rlhcdby one of the best physiciansj'i this country for years and isra regu'ar urecsription. It is composed ofc best tonics known, combined witht::- best blood purifiers, acting direct-P-CJ. CHENEY & CO.. Props.,KSI ST: Toledo, Ohio,faold by druccistB, price 75 cents.Take Hall'sFamily Fills for consti-Dation.True Brotherly Feeling.We must, repeat the often-repeatedsaying, that it is unworthy a religiousman to view an irreligious one eitherwith alarm or aversion, or with anyother feeling than regret and hopeand brotherly commiseration. Car-lyle.W52i2h'fflSKS JHBNow-a-DaysMost Everybody Is Trying to Getthe Best For the LeastllVf oney.Wilson's Campaign Fund.Democracy's war chest containedfirst ani lastcSl,110,952. The expensesreached 31,159,446. Three men contributed $105,073. Charles R. Crane, ofChicae", led with $40,000. ClevelandH. Dodge, of New York, was secondwith $35,1)00 and Herman Ridder, ofNew York, as treasruev of funds collected for the c-jmmittee. was thirdwith 830,073. Wm. J. Bryan cave81.000. Senator Watson, of WestVirginia, gave 7.501). Among railroad men G. F. Baer gave 81,000 andB. F. Yoakum $2,500. J. W. Camden,of Versailles. Ky.gave $5,000.Man Coughs and Breaks Ribis-.' '. V.Go to Henry's place they will show you thenicest line of Toys, Sleds, Wagons, Chinaware,Candies, Fruits, etc., in the city.Their Prices Are RigfttMore Reasonable Than the Down-Town-Man. Theyare waiting to show you their line and convince youof the truth.Yours For More Business.Curtis Henry & Co.,Both Phones 442Cor. 1 4-tfra and MainLCor. 1 4-tfra and Main 8New Fall Suits ArrivingAfter a frightful coughing spell :sman in Neenah, Wis., felt glerriblepains in hia side and his doctor foundtwo ribs had been broken. What agony Dr. King's New Discovery wouldhave saved him. A few teaspoonfulsends a late cough, while persistent userouts obstinate coughs, expels stubborn colds or heals weak, sore lungs."I feel sure its a Godsend to humanity," writes Mrs. Effie Morton, Columbia, Mo., "for I believe I would havehad consumption today if I had notused this great remedy." Ita guaranteed to satisfy, and you can get a freetrial bottle or 50 cent or $1 size at Ob-erdorfer's.Determined to Be in Style.A customer in a butcher's shopstood gazing at some small alligatorsin an aquarium. Having turned thematter over in. his mind, the customerapproached the butcher and exclaimed,"I suppose a fcody might as well bedead as out of style. Gimme a coupleof- pounds of alligator."; a-VAsi- nr-.ESHEH'SM(Ends Hunt for Rich GirlOften the hunt for a rich wife endswhen the man meets a woman thatuses Electric Bitters. Her strongnerves tell of a bright brain and eventemper. Her peach bloom complexionand ruby lips result from her pureblood; her bright eyes from restfulsleep; her elastic step from firm, freemuscles, all telling of the health andstrength Electric Bitters gives a woman, and the freedom from indigestion, backache, headache, fainting anddizzy spells they promote. Everywherethev are a woman's favorite remeriv.I If weak or ailing try them. 50 centsat Oberdorfer s.1 Who 'wouldn't be delighted to get a Victor or VictqrVictrola for Christmas!It's a real pleasure to own such ah instrument; to be ableto enjoy the world's best music whenever you want to hear it.The Victor is truly the ideal giv tor every t one. Andit is a lasting pleasure an unequaied source of entertainment throughout the year.Come in and hear the Victor and Victc"-V2Ctrola. Letus show you the different styles $io to $250 andexplain to you our easy-payment plan.'-'? :;--$&v2---'te.X"".S&VNwvL....:i ,-.. ' i-V :! .:--1 .: : vy:x. 'lW1 &m''&sjMVjscaLoss bros u co. " .x'i':":::XPv!?x?F tl.ttti Miktre , ? 'DailySchfoss Bros., & Co.,Baltimore, rVfd.,Hand Made Suits!Are Mere DlrecjtFrom The TailorsHands. . .We are showing the new Plum,Carnation, Grey and Browns, theprices very reasonable, $15 to 25.All Wool Fall Suits, newestshades at. . . .$10, $12.50 and $15.Our Fall Line of Haws VonCol Hats Douglass Shoes andliwn Bros., Special Shoes arel arriving daily.The showing we are makingfor Fall is in every way up tcf thehighest class, our prices are morereasonable than elsewhere.TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L. Wolfstein, Proprietor.Lard SpecialTry a Bucket of Our OpenKettle Rendered Lard. Guaranteed to be the Best LardMade.50-lb. Can $7.001Q-lb. Bucket.. 1 .SO5-lb. Bucket.. .753-Ib. Bucket.. .45Golden EagleSausageThe Best on. Earth.Baldwin Bros.I 6.1e.M.J. A.JNO.S. K.CLAY, PresidentLaRUE, Vice-PresidentT. COLLINS, Sec'y-TreasNichols, General ManagerDIRECTORSC. M. Clay, H. S. Caywood,Jno. T. Collins, R. M. Jacoby,J. A. LaRue, Lee Stephenson,Ed Burke,W. M. RogersS. K. NicholstoSam'l Kerslake&Son, 'Paris, - Kentucky.HorsejjShoeing,Machine Shop.Automobile Repairinga Specialty.If You Want aGood SteakorBoastOrder Some of That HomeKilled Meats Fromargoisn,The Butcher.Special Prices ForBeef Hides UntilfFurther NoticeWe payl21-2c for green .1beef hides. Call us upor bring it to our place. VMAX'MUNICK,8th Street, PARI3, KtCall East Tenn. Phone 374 -m-MfjMmE ..rL p iRS Tszzsg&& AatomobsiGS -MK i I m UBourbon TobaccoKj5,WareboiiseCoJji 'incorporated.sr-, . We Will Be Open For Business0233.TD1, 11WE SOLICaT YOUR PATi"We have positive assurance of buyers for the American Tobacco Co., the I?. J. ReynoldsCo. Liggett & Myers, the Lorillard Co.. besides various independent and local buyers.These are assured facts, as the representatives ofv the Trust have arranged already forthe handling-of their purchases. . .We will have an abundance of wagon room and free stabling of horses. , Bring- us youriobacco; we guarantee you a square deal.3 . .Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Companyfitande:OrQJCi$WtDo y&odefsYou Want the Best-A 0the Cheapest. g.,5iLf&;!'.JZtt&. ??''.Flandc-rs AD" Roadster, $750Don't be alarmed if somebody tolls yen you can buy an automobilefor less money than, the S750 Studebaker-Flanders "20." You can, butyou better not. The Flanders "20" corresponds point by point with thebest and highest priced cars sold. Cheaper cars at every vital point arebuilt on ideas long ago discarded for good cars. Don't take our word for.it. Make comparisons and see.The Studebaker-Flanders "20" is a marvel a high grade modem carat a low price. If you pay less ycu buy much less. And thecheaper cartoday will cost you far more in the long run. The competing car isn'tsold which the Studebaker Corporation, the greatest automobile manufacturers in the world, couldn't reproduce for less money; but we won'tbuild a cheap car, because the name "Studebaker" means the best foryour money.If you are content with a car that runs today and dies tomorrow,don't buy the $750 Flanders "20." It will wear for years. Rememberthis the Studebaker-Flanders "20" will outwear 2 to 1 any other carunder $1100 and give you double satfsfaction, confidence and comfortintp-the bargain.Wc can prove it-r-Scnd fcr new catalogue -t:mlJJB.-.S,ULs,2TvjraHLaDstroiL- IZich.0FoBrbcB Oarsger& Supply Company.' 1'.ASParis, KentuckySJmmMB8LrTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., DECEMBER 13,1912V1M J!;I VMu.III 1 II'M I I!!r'inHfll!fi iyW1I31HV:- -:Where you will find the newest, nobbiest and largestQuality" in the city. Everything in the Jewelry line-:DIAMONDS, WATCHES. JEWELRY.TOILET WARE. UP-TO-DATE NOVELTIES.S LEATHER GOODS. PARISIAN IVORY GOODS.In fact, you will find hereJewelry retail houses in theAnyarticle purchased now will be stored until Christmas in ourPI RE PROOF VAULT.Tenn. 288.MILLERSBURG ITEMS.Mrs. W. G. Dailey is improving.Mr. J. G. Smedlev is able tobesbout his room.Mrs. Tabei, ofParis, isthe guest ofjVCiEs Nettie Vimont.Mr. W. S. Judy will move to Lexington today to reside. rMrs. Lyda Conway, of Paris, is theguest of Mrs. M. P. Collier.You will find presents that will be apleasure all the year at Mock's store,ttpen nights. xMiss Jennie Evans.cf Flamingsburg,is ill at the home of her niece, Mrs.Ashby 'Leer.Col. W. M. Lay son and Mr. FrankCalwdell returned Tuesday after a visit in Chicago.Misses Anna and Kathleen Dickinson, of Virginia, arrived Thursday asguests of Mrs. C. C. Fisher.Mrs. K. R. Vaught, of Parker, Ind.,arrived Thursdayto spend the holidayswith her parents Mr. and Mrs. T. D.Judy.Mrs. W. G. McChntock, of Paris,was at the bedside of her little nephew, Robert Collier, Monday, who isquite ill.Mrs. Margaret Mitchell, who underwent an operation last week at St.Joseph Hospital, Lexington, is improving nicely.Services Sundav morning and evening at Methodist church by Dr. E. L.Southgate. Dr. C. C. Fisher willpreach at the Presbyterian church at11 a. m.Miss Jennie Marie Pepper, of theSchuster School of Dramatic Art, atCincinnati, formerly of Millersburg,will give a reading for the LiterarySociety- of Brooksville, this evening.Mr. Spencer Best, who'nas been visiting his mother for the past severalweeks left Wednesday for a visit to'relatives in Louisville and from wherehe will go to his home at San Francisco, Cal.Mr. John Day, of Creighton, whileen his way to Millersburg Tuesdaywith a wacon lesd of turkeys narrowlyescaped injuiy as a result of his pipeetting fire to his clothing. Mr. Daywas smoking when suddenly he foundhimself getting somewhat warm.Pushing the robe from around him hefound that his overcoat was on fireand had almost burned completely offhim. His under coat was also burning.He jumped from the wagon and removed the burning garments. Thebed of the wagon was covered withstraw and had a spark ignited it hecould not have saved neither wagor norturkeys.The young ladies cf M F C. will puton "Rebecca's Triumph" at the r,"'oI Wednesday nt ciglit o'clcck. Thejriece is a beautiful three act drama,E.the:ToCHRISTMASJEWELRYIS THEHOUSE OFan assortment1 ofsfoodssuchlarger cities, at prices that areDo Your StioppingiEarly and AvoidThe House of Quality,SHIRE & FITHIAiand was written for the Chicago Cooking Club. Let everyone take advantage of the opportunity to see it. Admission 25 cents.The choir of the Methodist church,assisted y other local talent, will givea song recital Sunday evening beginning at 7 o'clock. Dr. E. L Southgate will deliver an address on music.Don't forget the play tonight at M.M. I. drill hall by the cadets, "Diamonds and Hearts." It will be wellworth your time and money. Reserved seats 35 cents ; general admission25 cents.Useful presents at Miller & Best's,such as pocket knives, carving setB,nickel plated ware, foot warmers, buggy robs and numerous other articlesfor Christmas remembrances. Shopearly. xDEATHS.BEDFORD.,Captain Harry Bedford, veteranof. the Mexican and Civil wars, formerly a well known farmer of this county,died at the home of his daughter. Mrs.Dan Shawhan, at Music, Carter county,Tuesday morning about one o'clockafter a protracted illness due to oldage.Captain Bedford was the son of thelate-Benjamin and Tabitha Clay Bedford, and was born in Bourbon countyin 1826. In his early life he was engaged as a salesman in a store in thisI city and at thp outbreak of the Mexican war enlisted in the service of theUnited States, serving in the company organized by Col. W. E. Simms.He served throughout the struggle,taking part in many of the principalevents and at the close of the war returned to his home county. He wasone of the fewsurvivinglmembers thatparticipated in thisw ar in Kentucky..Returning from the war Capt. Bedford engaged in the grocery businessand being an extremely popular gentleman entered politics and by anoverwhelming vote was elected sneriffof Bourbon county,- serving one termat the expiration of which he engagedin farming, following this pursuit fora number of years.When the Civil war broke out he espoused the cause of the South, organizing a companv in this county andenlisted in the service under General'Morgan, after being a member of thesecret service corps for some time.He v as elected captain of Company C.Fifth Kentucky Cavalry in 1862, andserved with his regiment for threeyears until the intrepid cavalry leaderwith the JJmajoiity of his commandwere caoiured on the memorable Ohioraid. Captain Bedford was not withthe command at the time of the capture, being detailed on provost duty ina Kentucky town.He was married in March, 1853. toMiss Mary Ewalt, daughter of the lateMr. Samuel Ewalt, of Bourbon In1900 his wife died and Capt. Bedfordleft Bourbon and went to live with hisdaughter.He is survived by four daughtersVkuA Ttsri' gf 1place4Purchase YourxxXXXQUALITY"assortment of "Jewelry ofas carried by the fineright.the Rush.Home 130.and three sons, Mrs. Nellie Clay, ofDallas, vTexas; Mrs. Pugh Lovely, ofLexington ; Mra Mary Lisle, of Airdrie, Alberta, Can. ; Mrs ElizabethShawhan, of Music, and Messrs Buckner Bedford, of the Philhine Islands;Thos Bedford, of Arizona, and EwaltBedford, of San Antonio, Texas. Mrs.Alex Tingle, of Paris, is granddaughter of the deceased. The deceased was a brother in law of Mr. SamuelEwalt, of Paris.lhe remains arrived in this cityweanesaay aiternoon and weretakento the residence of Mr. and Mr. AlexTingle onJFifseenth street, from whichplace the funeral services were heldyesterday morning at ten o'clock, theConfederate veterans having chargeof the services at the grave. The pallbearers were Messrs. S. E. Bedford,Joseph Ewalt, Frank Bedford, ArchieBedford, John Clay anhd Percy Adair.PUGH.The remains of Mr. Uriah Pugh.who died at the home of his niece,Mrs. A. T. Crawford, in Louisville,Tueflday morning, were brought to thiscity Wednesday , and were interred inthe family lotjin Jthe Paris: cemeteryfollowing a short service at the grave:Mr. Pugh, who was aged 73 years,was formerly a resident of Bourboncounty, being born and reared in theShawhan neighborhood, where hepassed the greater part of his life.He w as the son of the late GeorgePugh, at one time one of the mostprominent distillers in this section ofthe county, operating the well-knownPugh distillery at Shawhan. Following the death of his father, Mr. Pughassumed charge of the business, whichhe conducted for a. number of years.About thirty years ago Mr. Pugh located in the neighborhood of Richfield, Kansas, where he had extensiveland holdings, and where he was actively engaged in farming. A fewyears ago he moved to Richfield, wherehe was encraged in business until aboutthree months ago, when he suffered astroke ol paralvsis.Upon receiving the announcement ofhis illness Mrs. Crawford went to thebedside of her uncle, and returnedwith him to Kentucky, arriving mLouisville on Thanksgiving dav. Hiscondition grew gradually worse untilthe end came Tuesday morning. Mr.Pugh was widely known throughoutthis section, especially among the older inhabitants, and he was held in thehighest eateem. He was a brother ofthe late Gus Pugh, who preceded himto the grave several mooths ago. Mr.Pugh is survived by three nieces, Mrs.Gus McCarthy, Mrs. A. T. Crawfordand.Mrs. Stella Duvall. of Louisville.The remains werfi accompanied to thiscity hy Mr. and Mrs. Crawford andMr. Lyle Duvall.EARLYWINE.Mrs. Dulcina Earlywine, aged 87,died at the home of her daughter, Mrs.John Tarr, on Cypress street Wednesday night about 10:30 o'clock after aprotracted illness.Mrs. Earlywine," during her late illness h8d been a great sufferer fromK )Killed When Boiler Exploded.The exnlosion of a boiler at the con-uction camp of Hough & Spradlingat Bedford Station Tuesday afternoonat 4 :30 o'clock caused the death of Edward Muteland, of this city, an engineer in the employ of the company.Mr. Moreland was operating thestationary engine used along the rightof way and which supplied the steamfor the drills employed in the work.He was at his post of duty when theexplosion occurred and was carried adistance of sixty feet by the force otthe escaping steam.Hi 3 neck was broken and his rightleg fractured in two places while hesustained numerous cuts, burns andbruises about the face, head and body.When picked ud he was unconscious.He was carried into one of tne housesat the construction camp when Dr. J.A. Gilkey, of this citv,was summoned,but he died about twenty minutss after the accident occurred and befcremedical attention reached him.An employe of the construction company who was near where the boilerwas located stated there was scarcelyany noise from the explosionAfter the accident occurred CoronerRudolph Davis was notified and he ordered the remains removed to the undertaking establishment ot Mr. J. T.Hinton where it was prepared for burial Tuesday night and was later takento his home on the Georgetown pike.Mr. Moreland is a well- known andpopular gentleman and for the past sixmonths has been enmloyed at the construction camp of Hough & Spradling.Prior to that time he was enRaged atthe tohacco warehouse of Abnee &Mussinon in this city.Deceased was a son of the late Mr.and Mrs. James H. Moreland, of Paris.He s survived by his widow, Mrs. IdaMay Moreland. wno resides in BourbonHeights and one son, Mr. Harry Moreland, of Missouri. Also by four sisters. Mrs. Nancy Henry, Mrs. MollyKnox, and Mrs. Jemima Bolson, ofParis, and Mrs. A. P. Bryan, of NorthMiddJetown, and four brothers, Mr. J.H. Moreland, of the Paris Police Department, Mr. Luther Moreland, ofSt. Louis. Mo., and Messrs. Frank andLee Moreland, of Lordburg, California. Coroner Kudolph Davis held an inqu'est over the body Wednesday andthe jury returned a verdict of accidental death due to the bursting of, theboiler.The funeral will be held this morning at 10:30 o'clock at the residenceon Virginia Avenue. Bourbon Heights.The services will be conducted by Elder W. E. Ellis. The nail bearers willbe A. M. Houston. Hoft Henry, F. H.Henv. W. hi. Henry, J. IT. Henry andJ. F. Hall.Look at This.A solid oak desk and chair for thechild, $2.75 while thpy lasttf A. F. WHEELER & CO.For Tarpaulins, see J. J. Ellisat Cook's Grocery. T-ttSuitable Holiday Gilts.Elegant line of novelties just received. Most suitable gifts. Musicrolls, leather, bridge sets, hasty notepads in leathei, just the thing ',to slipin your traveling bag. Crane's handsome box paper.26 tf PARIS BOOK CU.Sale for Church BenefitThe Baptist ladies will have a Christmas sale on December 14 at Mr.Davis' store. LotB of good things toeat bplack cakes, candies, chickensalad, etc, also aprons and hand madehandkerchiefs.Get Your Potatoes Now.Now is'the time to lay in your win-' ter Ir'sn potatoes. The first carloadrrom iviicnigan win arrive in a iewdays. Leave your order. Both phones.SAUER'S GROCERY,tf Opposite Courthouse.Dining Tables.What would help" the home morethan a dining table. A nice one forChristmas from 54.75 to $65.tf A. F.. WHEELER & CO. 'rheumatism, and for the Dast three! monthB has been confined to her bed.j During the past few days her deathhas been momentarily expected.Before her marriage to Mr. LouisEarlywine, she was Miss Dulcina Kenney, daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs.James Kenney. She was born inNicholas county, where she spentthe early part of her life.Following h'er marriage she movedto Plum, this county, where she resided for a number of years. Herhusband preceded her to the graveforty six years ago.She is survived by three children, onedaughter,' Mrs. Tarr, with whom sheresided, and two sons, Messrs. Jamesand Daniel Earlywine. both of thiscity.The funeral will take place this afternoon at two o'clock, Ut the residence of Mr. Tarr. on Cypress street,the services being conducted by Rev.J. L. Simms. Burial in Paris cametery. Pall-bearers: Jame s McCIure,E. B. January, Henry A. Power.Marion Hall, Jas. H. Haggard, Dr. J.T. Vanaant.WEATHERALL.Mr. J.F. Weatherall, of this city,received a message yesterday morningannouncing the death of his motherMrs. Jemima Weatherall, which occurred .Wednesday nieht at her homeat Thver, W. Va., a small town afewmiles East ot Huntington.Mrs. "Weatherall. who was eightyeight years old, had been complainingfor several days but her condition wasnot thought to be serious and no alarmwas felt by her immediate relatives.While the message did not state thecause of her death it is supposed i,twas due to infirmities of old age.She is survived by one daughter,Mrs. G. W. Pribby, of Summerdale,Ala., and two son9, Messrs. J. F.Weatherall, of this city, and L. H.Weatherall, of Huntington, W. Va.Mr. Weatherall will leave Paris thismorning to attend the funeral whichwill bo held Saturdiay jnorning atHuntington.IlliDo Your ElectricHas it ever occurred to you that you may, not begetting all the light you pay for; and that it'fen't thefault of the Electric Light Company?We give you befovv a comparative list showingsaving of Tunksten Samps over the ordinary carbonlamps.Cost per 100 HoursCandle OrdinaryPower Lamps16 .6020 .7234 $1.0051.4 1.5088 2.64We at all times advise theReflectors, which greatlythe above.Our Contracting Department isyour disposal to offer suggestionscheapest method of installation.Paris Gas &Incorporated t"A Booster Tor Paris."AttrantivA. Sfvnsihlp,and Popular Christmas Presents at Pri-I ces Within Reach of fJljLJLJL BI Below we enumerate a few of II the bargains that can be selected mfrom a tremendous assortment of 1I Cut Glass, Hand-Painted China, I(Brass Baskets and Jardiniers: mCut Tumblers, many new cuttings 50c SStrictly nana-r amtea natesLarge 10-in. Footed Jardinierslo-in Brass Flower BasketsFerns and Roses 'omhmokHal! Price Sale.Thursday, Friday and Saturday 25suits at $12.50.SIMON DEPT. STORE.Three Cases Disposed 0!Three Commonwealth cases weredisposed of in the Circuit Court yesterday. Mat Simpson, charged withhousebreaking, was found guilty ofthe charge and.was given a sentenceof from two to five years in the peniitentiary.The case of Sarah Leer, colored, under indictment for wilful and malicious cutting, wus tried, resulting in thejury disagreeing.Will Urown, colored, was tried uponthe charge of housebreaking, the juryfinding him guilty, and a sentence offrom one to five years in the penitentiary imposed.Room Size Rugs.We have just received a large shipment o assorted room size rugs in Axminsters, Velvet and Brussels. Theyrange in price from 10 tOj $10. ;Sceme before you buy.tf E. M. WHEELER,Ronneel Building.For the Men,The best present for a man is aStreit Slumber Morris chair. Foundonly atJ. T. HINTON 'S.Greatly Reduced Prices.Ladies' woolen dresses at greatly reduced prices.SIMON DEPT. STORE.Distillery in Operation.The plant of the Paris Distilling Co.began operations Monday morningwhen the first whisky of this seasonrun was drawn off. A total of 7,500barrels of whisky will be manufactured which will keeD the plant in fulloperation until the first of April.Coffee, Coffee.It's high and going higher everyday, but we have too much.35 cent grade at 30 cents.30 cent grade at 27 1-2 cents.25 cent grade at 23 cents.C. P. COOK & CO.limps Leak!Tungsten Tungsten LampsLamp Save you in 1 00 hrs..24 -36.30 .42.48 .52.72 .781 .20 1 .44use of Holophaneincreasethe efficiency ofat ail times atas to best andElectric Co.Joc$ 1 .25$ 1 .255c and 10cwmmwmmmJjLeague Willj Assist.At a meeting of the Bourbon CountyHospitalLeague heldat the residenceof Mrs- W. O. Hinton yesterday afternoon, it was decided that the leaguewould equip the laundry and stand theexpense of installing the electric elevator. This movement on the part of theleague is indeed encouraging to thosemost interested in the work, and is agreat help looking towards the completion of the institution. Practicallyall of the rooms in the building havebeen taken and will be fitted out eitherat the expense of the trustees of thehospital or by individuals.With the view of increasing the fundfor the annex for colored people, Saturday and Sunday, Dec. 14 and 15,have been declared "tag days" Tagswhich have been prepared for thispurpose will be circulated among thecolored populatn and only the members of that race will be allowed tocontribute, the amount to Le left withthe donor.This i3 a very commendable move osthe part of.those who are laboring unceasingly toward securing funds forthe purpose and should meet with ahearty respons from the colored people of this city and county.Rugs.Read these rugChristmas gifts.bargains.Elesant9x12 rug 512.75.36x72 rug 4.00.27x54 rug $2.25.tt A. F. WHEELER & CO.Expert Optician.We have an expert optician with usfor ten days and can fit yuu with agood pair of glasses for as Jow as $1Examinations free.VARDEN & SON,Druggists.Sells Remainder of Land.Harris & Speakeq soldWednesday toC. B. Cox, of Elizabeth." the remaining fifty acres of thefarm'of Mr. Wra.Ferguson on theJGeorgetown pike, fc210acresof which were'sold last week toFred and Frank Parks,, of Irvine, Ky.,at $150 per acre. w The price paid wasrotv known.4''THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., DECEMBER 13, 191 2Hl; KOURBON NEWS.3fe?$&ALWAYS HAS TKP I2CSTOF EVERYTHINGBox Supper.The Junior ImDrovement League ofthe Hutchison school, will give a boxsupper at the school this evening towhich everyone is invited.Hal! Price Sale.Thursday. Friday and Saturday $25wits at 512.50.SIMON DEPT. STORE.Desirable Presents.Globe-VVernicke book cases are verydesirable Dresents. Sole agency atJ T. HINTON 'S.Fingers Mashed.Thomas Shelton, employed at theshops of the L. & N.. had three fingers so badly mashed while repairing acar late Monday afternoon that ampuation was necssary.Xmas Novelties.Christmas novelties and dolls at theSIMON DEPT. STOKE.Useful Presents.Ladies desks, cheval mirrors, rockers, china cabinets, office desks andchairs make useful presents. SteJ. T: HINTON.Purchases Storeroom.Mr. J. W. Bacon, of this citv, purchased from the heirs ot thp We AlexTalbott the fram, store ro f) ri residence on South Main street, uccuniedbv Mr. James Batterton, who conductsa grocery. The price paid was private.Half Price Sale,Thursdav'Friday and Saturday $25suits at $12.50.SIMON DEPT. STORE.Have You Thought of Him?Have you thought how Hewould enjoy a nice, comfortable office chair?J. T. Hinton sells the best.Eormer Paris Minister Honored.Dr. George W. Clark, pastor of theFirst Baptist church in Henderson,and former pastor of the Paris Baptistcnurch, Monday received the degree ofDoctor of Divinity at the meeting ofthe trustees of Ohio Valley College atSturgis, Ky. "Millinery Cheap.Mililnery at reduced nrices. S4 and$5 hats at $1.98.SIMON DEPT. STORE.Leather Couches.A leather couch would make anidealChristmas present for the wife.Have one put aside.t A. F. WHEELER & CO.Teachers to Receive PayThe teachers of Bourbon will lrreivetheir salaries for the third in:nlh ofthe school term according to tbu announcement ot'County huneri'-tenrffntMiss Mabel Robbinp, who ill bu prepared to pay the teachers Saturday.For the Holiday Trade.Pictures of everv descrintion. handsomely framed, leather eoods in thelatest novelties. Copyright books,latest fiction, 50 cents Games forthe children as well as the grown upfolks.26 tf PARIS BOOK CO.Farm Sold.Harris & Speakes, real estat agents,sold Tuesday for John Merringer hisplace on the Clintonville pike near thiscity containing about five acres ofland, to Mrs. Wm. Neal, of Bourbon.The price was in the neighborhood of$3,250. Mrs. Neal purchased the property as a home and will move to itMarch 1, when she gets possession.For the Baby!A child'1 dressing table and chair.5olid white, for $4. Just a few morelefttf A. F. WHEELER & CO.Mountain Ash Jellico.It is the purest of all Jellicos.Tryit once and you will try nu other.STUART &0'RRIE.VT.Main and Eighth streets.Aged Colored Woman Dead"Aunt" Sallie Smith, colored, agedS5 years, died at the home of hernephew, Stephen Moore, in this city,Sunday. The burial took place Tuesday-She was one of the best knownand most highly respected Coloredwompn in this community and had awide circle of friends among the whiteneople.Has Large Assortment.Uoll carts, scoots, cribs, tablechairs, children's rockers, fyouths'chairs, eo carts for the children's presents. Don't waste your money. J.T. Hinton has a large assortment.Doll Carts.Get one for the baby and have a redtag put on it. Nothing would pleasetke little ones more,tf A. F. WHEELER & CO. ,Half Price Sale.Thursday, Friday and Saturday $25suits at $12.50.SIMON DEPT. STORE.Unique Display.A unique display of the advantagesof electric cookers was made in theoffice of the Paris Gas and Electric Co.Wednesday afternoon. The electriccoffee percolator and the bakin? degvice were demonatratedjn the windowand he cooked articles of fond servedin view of the spectator. The displayattracted considerable attention andmanv were favorably impressed withthe demonstration.mSSsiJ,lPrJ"r -PERSONAL MENTION.Mrs. Nancv Myers is quite ill ather uome on Mt. Airy avenue.-Rla. John Rlnkp ; nnitu ill nf ihome jn Henry Addition.Mr. and tars.'Uarrv M inter werevisitors in Cincinnati Wednesday.Miss Elizabeth Steele is recoveringfrom a severe attack of tonso'itis.Mrs Carrie Haley is quite ill atuie it. Joseph Hospital .in Lexington.Mrs. Otis West has returned homeafter a visit to relatives in Cartersville, Ga.Mr. JohnKriener continues quiteill at his home on Twelfth street withpneumonia.MiMr" C' V Higgins remaius" quiteill at his home near this citv, threatened with pneumonia.Miss Theresa Stprn, of Paris, isat Wellington, Ala., on a visit to herbrother, Dr. Milton Stern.MissAnna Wright will leave in afew days for an extended visit to relatives in Sawyersville, Ala.Mr. John Kiely. of Cincinnati,was the guest ttiis week of his mother,Mis. E. C. Kiejy. in this city.Judge C. D. Webb, who has beenconfined to his home for some timewith illness, is able to be out.Miss Margaret Donaldson, of Lexington, is the guest of her mother,Mrs. Mattie Donaldson, .in this city.Mr,3. Van Meter, mother of Mrs.John Woodford, and sister of Mr. W.L. Ycrkes. is critically ill at her homenear Danville.Mrs. Mollie Lair has lelurned toher home in this city after a visit toher daughter, Mrs. .Frank Wright, inWinchester.Miss Josie Alexander, teacher otEnglish in the Paris High School is illat the hme of Mr. and Mrs. W. H.Anderson on Main street.Mrs. P. L. Jameson and Mis?Hazel Cottingham will spend SaturdayandSundav in Cincinnati, the guestsof relatives of the latter.Mr. Gayle Patrick, the injuredflagman of the L. & N., railroad remains ill with pneumonif, with littleimprovement in his condition.Elder W. E. Ellis entertained thedeacons of the Christian church Fridayevening with a buffet luncheon at theparsonage on Twelfth street.Mrs. W. W. Ferguson, of Minneapolis, Minn., who has been the guestof her sister, Mrs. D. G. Taylor andMrs. L. D. Redmon, in this city, hasreturned home.Mr. W. P. Walton, "of Louisville,State Secretary of the National Citizens League, for the promotion of asound banking system was a visitor inParis yesterday.Mr." B. A. Frank was called toLouisville yesterday on account of theillness of his brother, Dr. Louis Frank,who is reported to be in a very seriouscondition.Mrs. Lizzie Walker will entertainthe members of the Beginners Class ofthe Christian Sunday school Satuidayafternoon in the parlors of the churchfrom 1:30 to 3:30 o'clock.JudgeE. B. January, a memberof the Board of Control of the OddFallows Widowa and Orphans Home,was in Lexington yesterday afternoon attending a session of that body.Mrs. Buckner Woodford, Jr., leftTuesday for a visit to friends in Hannibal, Mo. She was accompanied atar as Cincinnati by Mr. Woodford,who with Mr. Jim Buckner, want toFrench Lick Springs.Miss Josephine, the bright and attractive daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Frank Fithian, is ill at the home ofher parents, threatened with appendicitis". Dr. Barrow, of Lexington, wascalled in consultation Tuesday. butanoperation was not considered necessary. The Progressive Culture Club metWednesday afternoon at their, room inthe Elk Building and rendered the tollowJng program: Maixmillan, Mrs.Walter Clark; Benito Juarez, MissAnnie Hibler; The City of ijlexico.Miss Clara BBacon.The Paris Literary Club also met atthe club parlors and presented the second Drogram on Ireland. At the suggestion of Miss L ucy Simms, who is amember ot the State Cpmmittee, tosend suitable books o various Stateinstitutions, it was argeed that eachmebmer contribute a took towardsa collection to be given to the Reform School, near Lexington. Bothclubs adjourned until January 1.-The Atlanta Constitution of a recent date, contained the followingwhich is ot interest in this city :"Miss Grace Callaway, whose marriage to Dr. George Knt Varden willtake place on the evening of January16, will ne the guest of honor at a series of beautiful parties. The datesfor several of the entertainmnnts havebeen set in December, but a numberof pffairs will be given during thefirst two weeks in January."Miss Cleveland Zahnes will entertain with tea Monday afternoon, December 23, in compliment to Miss Callaway and to Miss'Marguente Bck."Mr. and Mis. Geddings Tupperwill give a dinner on the evening ofDecembre 26 in compliment to MissCallaway and Dj. Varden and amongthose who will entertain after Christmas will be Mre. John A. Miller, whowill give a bridge party at the Piedmont Driving Club."Dr. and Mrs. Frank Boland willcompliment Miss Callaway with anevening bridge party. Mrs. S. Y.Tupper. Jr., will entertain at bridge.Miss Marie Sciple will be hostess at aluncheon at the Georgian Terrace andMiss JSlIa May Thornton will entertain with an evening bridge party.IVis Gladys Le7in will give a bridgerarty at the Georgian Terrace andDr. and Mrs. W. P. Nicolson willeite'tain with a dinner in complimentt3 the wedding party."Mrs. Thomas'Henry Clay. Jr., whohas been visiting Mrs. FrederickWallis in New York City, will return home today. Mrs. Clay was atnjpct at n tea and rccention given bythe S ciety of Kentucky Women ofCouncil Proceedings.Thu city council met in regular session last night and after the regularroutine of husmess the Paris Gas andElectric Co. presented two contractsfor lighting the city.The contracts were for periods oftwo and three years respectively.After considerable discussion by members of the council and by Hon. C. M.Thomas, on behalf of the light company, Councilman Hinton made amotion that the three year contract beaccepted, with "two years" substituted for "three years." which was quitea saving over the contract calling forthree years. The price under this contract will be 11' cents per kilowattif paid before penaltv goes on whichwill be extended to the 20th of themonth. -The new contract calls forlightinc the streets with electricity,which will be done as soon as possible. jne iviayor appointed xne ionowmggentlemen as trustees of the MassieHospital, with the number of yearseach will serve: C. M. -Thomas, 5years; Catesby Spears, '4 years; M.- J.Lavin, 3 years ; Ford Brent,2 years ; J.W. Davis, 1 year.The committee investigating the firedepartment muddle asked for moretime in which to make a report.The contract for citv lighting carrieswith it a rath of $85 per annum on arclamps, while the incandescent streetlamps are furnished at the rate of $22each. The rate is a reduction from$90 on the former and $24 on the latter.Associated Charities Organized..At the mass meeting held at thpcourt house last night the AssociatedCharities of the city of Pans andBourbon county was organized. Themeeting was called ai the instance ofDr. A. H.K eller, president ofthe organization committee.Dr. Keller briefly stated the objectof .the meeting which was followed byhis election as temporary chairman,with Dr. B. M. Shiv'e as secretary.Addresses were made by Mr. j.. J.Edmonds, secretaiy of the AssociatedCharities of Cincinnati, Mr. L. W.Mahn, of Lexington, and Judge DenisDundon. Mr. Edmonds in the 'courseof his remarks outlined the plansupotj which the proposed organizationshould work and gave his experiencesin dealing with the charities of thelarge citiea, while Mr. Mahn gavesome vialuable information as to howthe organization should proceed afterperfection.The committee appointed to draftthe constitution made its report submittina the constitution for adoption,and after a short discussion it was referred back to the committee for anumber of charges. All of those present signed for membership and uponthe motion of Judge Dundon a committee of ten was appointed to solicitmembership. The next meeting willbe held on Friday, December 27.MATRIMONIAL.TRIBBLE-WILLIAMS.The marriage of Miss MatildaTribble, of Richmond, to Mr. John J.Williams, of this city, was quietlycelebrated in the parlors of the Glyndon Hotel in the former city yesterday. The ceremeny was performed by EK'der W. E. Ellis, of the Paris Christianchurch. Only a few close friends andmost intimate relatives of the contracting parties witnessed the ceremony, which though simple, was veryimpressive.Miss Tribble is one of Madisoncounty'3 most charming young womenand is a social favorite. Mr. Williams is one of the best known members of the Paris bar, being one of theleaders in his profession in this cityand a brilliant young man.Immediately &fer the ceremony thecouple left for Cincinnati where theywill spend a few days and returningwill be at home to their friends atthe home of Mr. and Mrs. C. N.Fithian, on Pleasant street.Reduce Your Electric Bill 1-2See our advertisement on .page 4."Mr. Bob" at opera houseto-night.Arriving Daily.Novelties of every description arriving daily for the holiday trade. Games, jpictures, leather goods, copyrightbooks at 50 cents, fancy baskets atall prices, Indian goods direct from alarge Indian reservation. Everything in stock thaT would make a suitable holiday gift. Seeus before buying.26 tfPARIS BOOK CO.B. A. R. to Furnish Room.The Jemima Johnson Chapter. D.A. R.,!met at the home of Miss LucyMiller 'on Vine street Wednesday afternoon and decided to furnish a room inthe W. W. Massie Memorial Hospital.This leaves only one more room in theinstitution to be taken, three havingbuen taken this week.'Mr. Bob" atto-night.opera houseReduce Your Electric Bill 1-2See our advertisement on page 4.New York Citv, at the Waldorf-AstoriaMonday. The reception was inhonor of Mrs. Thomas JeffersonSmith, of FranKfort. president cf theFederation of Wnmpn'a P!lnha in TTon.tucky. and her sister. Miss HelenBennett, also of Frankort, Mrs.Wallis is president of the KentuckyWomen's Society of New York, andMrs. Clay, who is the . treasurer ofthe Kentucky Federation, assisted inreceiving and entertaining. MissMargaret Wilson, daughter of thePresident-elect, and Mrs. Wm. Cummings Story were among the distinguished guests.Misses Mary and Margaret Kearnsand Sarah McElhone returned to theirhome in Lexington after a visit toMisses Mary and Bernadette Brannon.Mrs. J. F. Weatherall is confinedto her home on Cypiess street with aslight illness.BUTLER'S!ChristmasAll Kinds oiGifts.Everything ;. NEW!No old packedaway things toshow you.Cut Glass,Hand-Painted China.' AH kinds of Toilet Sets,Traveling Bags, &c.- AH we ask you is to comeand see how nobby thingsare and how law in price.WILSON'S OLD STAND,Opp., Court House,Paris, KentuckyFOR SALE.One hundred and ninety shocks ofgood corn. Will furnish 150 acres ofgood grass to feed it on. Would liketo sell jn the shock. Also 75 shocks ofgood fodder. Can start feeding firstof January but must finish March 1.JOE K. KEDMON.THEATRICAL.GRAND.Six'handsome dining room chairs areto be given away absolutely free tosome patron of the Grand tomorrownight. These chairs were selectedfrom the immense stock of Mr. J. T.Hinton. who states that they are thebest of the kind to be had. Also asan extra attraction there will be thefamous feature picture, "The Starbucks," resenting Mr. Opie Read, theauthor, in the leading role, that ofJasper Starbuck. This picture wasmade by the Amerian Film Co., and isin line with their former releases.Two shows will be given, the firststarting at 7:30. The drawing forthese chairs will take place immediately after the first show.COLUMBIA.. The following is a letter addressedto the Thanhouser Co., written byRev. Tillman B. Johnson, pastor ofthe Salem Baptist church of New Rochelle, N. Y."It was my pleasure Wednesday afternoon to witness your presentationof;"The Star of Bethlehem." I thankyou for this courtesy and I have thisfrank word to say :"The motion picture is here, it ishere to stay; it is a fcmiehty factor inthe present day civilization it issteadily improving, ana has within itthe possibilities of ubound good."Some of its presentations are yetto be curbed and probably nrohibited ;but your picture story of "The Star ofBethlehem," is to be heartily commended. It is sympathetic, instrucive,forceful and reverent.""The Star ot Bethlehem" is to beshown at the Columbia on Friday, December 27. Special music and singing. Santa Claus Headquarters.Our store, as usual, is the place oldSanta holds 'forth during the holidaysand this vear is no exception. He hasfurnished us with a larger stock of everything than ever before for the children, sleds, magic lanterns, Irishmails, boxing gloves, drums, horns,toy tea sets, velocipedes, toys, airguns, e-xpreas wagens, fireworks, candies, fruits, nuts, raisins and all kindsof goodies to f 11 the stockings with.Be sure and see us and we will saveyou money,tf LAVIN & CONNELL.Kitchen Cabinets.Kitchen cabinets for the child. $4while they last. Have one set asidefor the child,tf A. F. WHEELER & CO.BIRTHS.N.Born, Wednesday, to the wifeSam Harding, near this city a son.ofBUTLER'SIFor Xmas.Silk HosieryLTsed to be considered a luxury, but now is a necessitySpecial values at 50c, $1.00 and $1.50.GlovesHigh-grade Kid Gloves at low prices $1.25 qualityonly $1.00; $3.50 quality only 2.50.HandkerchiefsIn wonderful variety The largest holiday stock wfehave ever shown.UmbrellasThe $5.00 quality only $3.98; others from $1.00 up.See our large display ofToys and DollsSee our line of .Indian Sweet Grass Baskets, &c. 'Sterling Silver deposit on Crystal Glass. -TableLinens and Art Linens.Bought especially for Xmas.Come and Look Our Large Stock Over.W. ED. TUCKER.IHMHMianairChristmasSpecialtiesStone's Rich Fruit Cakes, made especially for theChristmas trade, per lb 30cFancy Seeded Raisins, Castle Brand, per lb 1 OcAtmore's Celebrated Mince Meat, per lb 13 l-2cBest quality Citron and Orange Peel, per lb 20cLargest Assortment of ChristmasGoodies, Candy and Nuts-rm town.-F,JL!.fcir3cThe Home of Good Things to Eatir - 7 -I A Progressivea 1and SolidInstitutionWe Invite You to Open anAccount With Us.You Are Assured of FairTvootmonFLiberal Accommodations.3 percent, on Time Deposits.Capital 100,000.00Bourbon Bank &Trust Co.ISurplus and Profits... 5O.000.COOur Trust Departmentacts as Administrator, Ex-ecutor, Guardian or Trusteein all trust capacities.A safe and competentNATIONAL5c and 10c StoreOn SaleTuesday and WednesdayA Large SizedTurkey Roasterat 10c eachComplete 20cSee Us For BargainsK4j& uij'&clnationaluC and 10c StoreWatch OurJWindows,Imsk-Fmit"'Tie sled tiat steers1VinilEvery!RaceSledding timeis hereThe healthy winter sportof sledding gives vim, vigorand rich red blood to boy or girl.But to fully enjoy the fun ofwhizzing over the snow and thethrill of coasting you must have a IFlexihle FyerThe only sled with grooved runners IWe have a complete line of new 1913models. Before you buy a sled let usshow jou the many superior advantages of the Flexible Flyer,Dangherty Bros.Look forthisTRADE)FOR SALEAbout 1,200 barrels of corn for salein field, with good field lot cf 200 acre;boundary to feed on. ADplv toE. R. ALLEN. x127 Lexinctun St., Winchester. Ky.Lost!OnJMain between Tenth and Fourthstreets, small black pocketbook, containing sum of money. Finder pleasereturn to News office and receive suitable reward 2tHand PaintedChiniI will have an opening of baipainted cbina December 7 at the mlhery store of rs. Come W. Bairc?. Yqare cordially invited to attend. Bayour holicay presents enrlv.MRS. W. A. HCL3LHMIK11v25ifWWVWVVVlsfYYYYYYYYYYiy "' a;JfpTiiVtW4M'8iXfSIB BaP-!JI01rfff ag rr ,31)il m f tisedH IB 'f liWmfimv III Hi. S rH 3ni In i IfHi - Li! ! 1 KWmfll I BTKv ?f -FaaBi aaJaAIB dSiBHaW M ii J B iH 6IHH BiLS22SaiSJtfc S1 U y J."-.-"5?v'S;;.0VKf. j frsypv..--Ll a- , ji ,. i-r-i-.i .-s a A-5fMKiy5i2XSA.. . . ...'Air..-'-mffTTTTiin is! luiuu J?mmi3 ::,mmk janm m;i a s .k ?v v Mr ,jp x-i j-. ttWUf'i;i:--..v---.-j::yr-- .r ov sssiiii- ?- s iin. irsiM'-fwrzjthi 1 fe iTTTTTTTh Kv '" jjP-?AL '"fe-v- w3 lgTsii3iiMiw 95efef ('4 BTjf ,.., . w5rh '.1 Bg 1T -i- wjlTlAAJ 'I .-' il TOv C- J Ak i. UC' Ji ..4Xirja T?i Z. ---i ' ' .1BM;S .;.lHHHKIEHKH1H&Jf "B Mv-.-tt X i.v.iwiir " .- -- -; - ? -iS Ik EUAS-see y' wisR-M SP?J JP? iBW Jt v 5Ncvwi4BrfifJS Jnn""WLBSfiRsalwJ. T. HINTON-i'SiJ3S522H29NO OTHER PLAGE IN THIS .CITYAffords the buyer greater opportunity for the exercise of individual choice in the selection of Holiday Gifts and the -satisfactionof knowing that he will not be offered a substitute of any advertised article identified by the manufacturer's name.MANUFACTURERS OF HIGH-GRADE ARTICLES SEEKVe are exclusive agents of the following well-known adyeilines, namely: ... ...''-StoW-rtncke "Elastic" Book Cases.amestown Parlor and Library Easy Chairs and Cuochesiindel Davenports, "Wonderfully Simple, "Simply Wonderful.''BOOKCASENappanee Kitchen Cabinets, Absolutely the Best Made.Widdicomb Bed Room-Furniture, Very Highest Quality. &5 MsaRsmi v mpwmBMB82mi k m m m &wmm w k z kJ k j-px-lwy 'iKxiliS?l ssissBNrailStreit Slumber Chairs, the Best Present For "THE 'MAN'Kaltex Leather Upholstered Fiber FurnitureAmerican OrientarRugs The Last Work in Rugs. -"C & R' Cedar Chests and Matting Boxes. Bissells SweepersBurkhardt Desk Tables Bohn Siphon Refrigerator;Don't Waste Your Money on Trash, For Presents.ih Buy Some of the Above Article?BUY NOW!eTTPOTLLS' V IfTHE BOURBON NEWSf PARIS, KENTUCKY, DECEMBER 13, r1 91 2ublic Sale!-OFSock5 Crop, &cHavinu sold mv farm on theMaysi:ie and Lexington pike five f aad onehalf miles from Paris and two andone-half miles from Millersburg andwill move to another state, I will sellat public auction onWednesday, Dec, I8th, 1912,16 bead ofiCattleincluding 4 choicedilcb cows ;6 coming 2 jear old heifers2 heifer calves;2 red steer calves, extra good ;Yearling Polled Durham bull ;2 polled Durham heifers, registered,and probably the only cattle of (hisbreed in Hourbon county ;13 head of Southdown sheep, as goodas there are in the State;4 work mules, good ones ;Carriage, lunabout, covered springwagon, pony rigs, carts, sleigh, harness, farming implements ;Household and kitchen furniture;Com, oats, fodder and straw ;Turkeys, chickens, ducks, whiteguineas, and Homer pigeons.bale will begin at ten o'clock.TERMS Liberal and made knownen day of sale.J. F. BARBEE.George D. Speakes, Auctioneeer."Roxii" Davis !Cbc Insurance AgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning ,:::::::;:Biggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137New Art Store!PublicSaleorI Ihave opened an Art. Store next to -Mrs. M. APaton. New and freshstock of all kinds offancy workEmbroidery,Pillow Cases,Towels,Un d crwea r ,Waists, Etc.Novelties of all KindsStamping Done onjShortNotice Everything' guaranteed to be thebest. :::::::nrai mmmamtmmmmammmm wmmmmmmammmmmammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwmmmmmfmJust a Pew More Days to Have theChristmas Preselit Set a Side-Let.em For You. ..COMPLETE BAIRY OUTFIT m&Boar(jersey battle and mmLive Stock,Having decided to devote more timeto my Dusiness in Paris, Kv., I willsell at public auction at the M. A.Kenny place. 4 miles from Pans onthe Maysville pike, onTuesday, December 17, 1912,20 cows in iul! flow of mi k16 bred heifers, my own raising6 yearling heifers myown raising3 heifer calves1 four year old herd bull1 yearling bullThis stock is in first class conditionvith registered cows in the lot.1 pair draft raares, 1 in foal to jack3 brood mares in foal to jack1 coming three year old draft filly1 coming 2 year old draft filly1 weanling draft filly1 coming three year old gelding1 coming three year old stud1 three year old pony1 yearling pony, extra good1 saddle mare1 thoroughbred mare, four yeais old1 coming three year old filly by Lo-canda1 weanling colt by LocandaICO extra good young ewe3 bred tolamb March 20. Will sell in lots of 25each20 Imuerial Mammoth Pekin ducksand drakes j12 pure bred white Orpington and jMinorca cocks j2 dozen Minorca hens n1 wheat drill with fertilizer attachment 1 Oliver chilled plow i1 potato plow1 ten barra' water tank and truck J1 cider mill , j3 Stivers grass seed strippers, two ,combs to each I1 six horse gasoline engine, Stover "make 11 two horse International gas engine,used very, little1 four roll Little Giant McCormickcorn busker, used'very little1 power corn shelter1 feed null1 No. 6 Sharples3 cream Berjarator,belt or hand power, in extra condilionA lot of cooling cans and shippingcans, 1 Krause hand made carriageThis will be an absolute " sale. Ihave discontinued the dairy 'business,and this sale includes my entire herd.Will be held under cover if weatherconditions are nut favorable, vTakefinterurhan cars to stop No. 47on Lexington and Paris line, or KenneyStation on L. & N. Cars and trainsrun convenient for sale, which startspromptly at ten o'clock.TERMS Made known on day ofsale.30. A. WEliBEK.George Speakes. Auctioneer.Special RatesLow RoundJ TripJHomeseekers TicketsTo points in Alabama, Florida, Louis-i lana, Mississippi, Arizona, Arkansas,Missouri, New Mexico, Oklahoma,j Texas and Kansas on sale first andthird Tuesday of each month, returnlimit 25 days from date of sale."I Round trip Winter Tourist iickets toj all principal winter resorts in the: S mth on sale Oct. loth to April 30th.1 11M3, final return limit May 3lst, 1913.J? or further information, apply jtoW.;H. HARRIS, AgentggJ. K. SMITH, T. A.TheiQurbon Horse Goods.Co.,incorporated.Manufacturers ofHarness, Horse Boots andLeather Novelties ofAll Kinds,All Orders JPromptly Executed AndWork Guaranteed.No. 304 Main StreetRepairing of All Kind DoneWhile You Wait.Opp Court House!MiDining TablesSolid Oak, just like Cut,$9.75Will make an ideal Christmas Present for the home.s7ks h'rots wwa?SsSS$sk JcL fcyjE".fc L o" ?"tf- c" ITMillJiilLiiymm-ltnriSSflffltodi i . 1 "i If . si It-aj. ', r. a i nr siauL Tt-Is the best Cabinetmade. Have one setaside. ' $25J)lOur Brass BedsAre here in any style you want,and prices$12.75 up to $48.00See themTittle maryTO THE NEWMAlb - i"Why &o you useA PROOMMAMA ALWAYS USZS .ASISSEIXSWEEPERiChifforobesMake the young or the old man apresent by giving one of ourChifforobes$16.75 op to $35.00.Morris ChairsAny Style You Want$12.00 up to $25.00Turkish Rockers in Chase Leather$12.00And Guaranteed Leatner$28.75While They Lastn.ii vmni 'j&s.a'&wvi Mfisc&M.iJmJ3vGet the Sweeper for the lady andstop the hard sweeping$2.75 up to $4.00A. f Wheeler Furniture Co.You will find that druggists everywhere speak well of Chamberlain sCough Kemedy. They know from longexperience in the sale of it that incases ui. uuub'ib o"" .- . . -----bedepended upon, and thatt is pleas-jant ana sareio iukc. rui," "j ""dealers.TM1Qew Goal IJardNosey ih tsapfihg.Tfo toll j on horr andpoyWiiprices. nn.for neeriy pneo iinana references.H.SABEL&SONS, LODI8T1LLK, BY. m IMfDealersln Furs, HUet, W K U KwWe wishfto call your attention tothe fact that most infectious diseasessuch as whooping cough, diphtheriaand scarlet fever are contracted whenthe child has a cold. Chamberlain'sCough Remedy will quickly cure a coldand greatly lessen the danger of contracting these diseases. This remedyis famous for its cures of colds. Itcontains no opium or other narcoticand maybe given to a child with implicit confidence. 3 f Sold by all dealers.Difference In Real Life.The innate difference "between reallife and the stage Is well illustratedby the fact that on the stage the people who sing "AulcJ Lang Syne' in aNew Year's eve scene, do not forget.the words.' Makes the Nation Gasp.The awful list of injuries on aFourth of July staggers humanity. Setover against it, however, is the wonderful healing by ijucklen's ArnicaSalve, of thousands, who sufferedirom burns, cuts, bruises, bulletwounds or explosions,healer of boils, ulcers,lips or piles. 25 centsfer's.Its the quickeczema, soreat Oberdor-When you have a bilious attack giveChamberlain's Tablets a trial. Theyare excellent. Fur sale by all dealers.r.ttmmmex$ZLi&3mHave opened a Coal Yard at the Dow- TC T .1 ISO If 7'. 0. 4.x Stand on iNormjiviain oireet.I Rich Mountain Coal II Kentucky Jem CoalLast longer "and furnishes ajgreater amountof heat than other coals.O. E. TURNER,M Oon. Hotel Windsor DowIBuikKng E T. Phone$100 REWARDWill be paid to any person havingany kind of pain or ache, if Shipp'sQuick-Relief Liniment fails to giveinstant relief and th.e purchase priceis not refunded. Try it and see. ."It Is the most "wonderful remedy for relieving pain I have ever used." Capt. Anderson Berry, Lexington, Ky."I nsed this liniment and the pain andsoreness disappeared like magic Jailer"W. T. Ballenger, Lexington, Ky."It is the only remedy that has given meany relief since I was paralyzed four yearsago." Mrs. Susan Welborn, Newburg. Ind-"For relieving aches and pains this lini.ment beats anything I ever saw." J. HLetton, Lexington, Ky. . -. a ."This liniment gave almost instant reliefand has completely cured me of rheumatism." S.B. E wait, Paris, Ky. I. If it Fails to Relieve Any Pain inAny Part of The Body in FifteenMinutes, Ask For Your Money Back.50c At All Druggists or vBourbon Remedy Co., Lexington, KylTHEATRICAL..58 1pep FillSS!cent. $iooo to $100,000W. KING & SON,125 Cheapeide. Lexington, Ky.ATLEXINGTON.Henry W. Savage is sending hisenormous production of the dramaticspectacle. "Ever.vwoman," which'wasth KPnantinn nf New York for nearlytwo years, to the Lexington Opera jHouse for two nights, December 13and 14. with matinee 14. The oreaniaztion includes one hundred and fiftypeople, carries a special symphony orchestra, and travels by special train.The company plays big cities only asonly the largest stages will accommodate the scenic and electrical effectsand so much time is required to loadand unload the vast production thatno engagement of less than two nightscan be considered by the management.The organization played last week inCincinnati to the largest receipts inthe history of- the Lyric Theatre."Everywoman'is really a combination of three separate companies, viz:drama, opera and musical comedy. Itis said torepresent an expenditure ofupward of sixty thousand dollars.There are acres of scenic effects, oneof the most notable of which is a representation of Broadway, New York,at midnicht on New Year's eve, justas t heboid year is passing nut and thenew year is coming in. Seats may bereserved by mail, snecial attentionbeing paid to out of (own mail orders.The prices will be from 50 cents to $2at night and from 25 cents to $1.50 atthe matinee. The regular box officesale will open Wednesday morning,December 11. Call New Phone 958. HBurley Tobacco GrowersBoost Your Own BrandsWe, as you know, are using your choicest tobacco in thebrands of Strater Bros.! Branch, and you know that nobody growsbetter tobacco than you do. You lenow how we manufacture, soyou know that these brands are perfection. Now we want you tohelp us sell these brands this year even better than our bestprevious years. The reasons you should so help are asfollows:You Are Part OwnerThe fact that you grow the tobaccomakes you part ownerof all thesebrands.Every time that one sells you profit.Every word that you say in favor of anyhelps to increase those sales. Everybrand that you buy for your own usehelps make those profits better. All ourinterests your interests and ours arepooled in these several tobaccos. It islogic that you should bend all of yourefforts, however small, in the selling.The United Pover of40,000 Buyers40,000 men in a section wield an enormous buying influence. If all ask forthese brards when they buy tobaccothere results a gigantic sale. And bigsales are the best advertising known.Smokers and chewers flock to brands,that they see the most people buying.40,000 steady users indirectly make 40,000 more. Get them for Strater Bros.'Branch Brands the brands that yougrow for byusingthesebrandsyourself.Tell Every FriendTell your friends of these brands. Tellthem what you know of the tobacco. Tellthem you grow it and smoke and chevit yourself, so you know. Tell them itcomes from Kentucky, from the centerof the richest Burley sections. Let theniknow it's the cream of your crops andthat they can buy these brands from'most any dealer, because dealers knowthat these brands are the best they canbuy.Burley growers should be Burley Boostersaad the best way to boost is to BUY BurleyYOUH OWN BRANDS-YOURSELF.7V DaiLifo Dealers throughout ths United States know these famous tobaccos.M O JLJSCslSTS 'i'hey are Nation-wide sellers popular brands. They are helpinjr thesedealers to prosper. They arc made from the pick of the famous crops of 40.000 growers.Every one of these growers is boosting them all. So are all of their friends. This method isbringing the profits to dealers to those who sell these; brands- Ara they working for you?Here'are thenuM. fragrant smoking brands-GOLDEN GLOW-PENNY POST-FULL PAY.Here are the delicious chewing brands-INDEX-BY JOE TWIST-CUP-DAY'S WORK-ON THE SQUARE-TORCHLIGHT-STPvATER'S NATURAL LEAF.Pot them into your stock. See how they sell.STRATER BROS. TOBACCO COMPANY BRANCHBURLEY TOBACCO COMPANY, Incorporated, Louisville, Ky.(2):S.JTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DECEMBER 13, 1912ril llL iii,iito.tf1MifIt3it-NGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER,BOTH'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 299.' HI I MM1MMM iM l """""Zhe Bome of Correct Tootwear'DAN COHEN!I fl6o-I 6so-r k " "( WVFA&L cA Gilt EdgeInvestmentIs Every DollarSpent at Our Store !Now when the cost of living isso high, it will be a great advantage to you to begin dealing with athouse you know absolutely to bethe best and most reasonable.Have you ever figured what a saving of twentyor twenty-five per cent, on every dollar wouldamount to in a year? Look the proposition staightin the face and investigate yourself. We have ahost of pleased customers and each and every onewill tell you that at our store they can buy theirfootvear at a great saving, and, mind you, this ison footwear that are par excellent, made of thebest materials and are of the latest approved designs. Begin to-morrow, it will pay you big.Read These Items Carefully:Ladies' Custom Made, latest style Footwear, madeon a broad, mannish effect, the most popularstyles this season. Made in Gun Metal, il.99Patent and Russia Tan, $4 values, at..PHLadies' Gun Metal and Patent Trooper 4 99Boots. Special- PBoys' School Shoes that will stand rough wear inTan, Gun Metal and Box Calf, button f 99and lace, $2.50 values. Special PGrowing Girls' School Shoes, 16 button . 24Boots. Special 9Men's genuine Goodyear Welt Shoes, made in allpopular toes in Tan, Gun Metal and ij.99Patent, button and lace. Special 9mMen's High-grade Hunting Boots, Tan tf4.49and Black. Special Ll9Useful PresentsWe have a great assortment of Holiday Footwear now arriving daily. They are exceptionalgreat values.Shoes, Rubbers and comfortable House Slippers are the most sensible and useful gifts for theholiday season.fit iSHjT' M fcV SmDAN COM EN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky. 1''99ni 'I il J ej IJW' xv!Sheriff's Sale-OF-TAXESOn Monday, January 6, '13,In front of the court house door, inParis, Ky. , about the1 hour of noon, Iwill expose to public sale for delinquent State and County Tax, for theyear iyi2, tne .following aescrioeareal estate, or enough thereof thatmay be necessary to satisfy the saidtax and the penalty and the cost ofsale. If any error or double assessment occur in these lists, pleasenotify us so that correctioiijcan bedulv made.A. S. THOMPSON, S. B. C.PARIS WHITE)Abbott, Marv, Mrs., house andlot . $G.G9Anderson, Mrs. Mary, houseand lot 14.60Barnett. Sallie, house and lot. . 10.00Gain, Jno. Jr.. house and lot. ..Dykes, T., house and lotHorine, Kate, 2 lotsHutchcraft, Mattie, house andlot8.284.90J.1210.09Huddleston, R. F., lot 3.47Hulfstetter, Frank, lot 3.42Kane, Will and Pat, lot 2.75Lenihan, Kate, house and lot. . 8,95Morat & Moreland, lot 2.85Mackey, Nora, Mrs., house andlot 12.34Merrimee, M. T., house and lot 18.45Mastin. John, house and lot 7.72O'Connell, Alice, house and lot 15.47O'Neal, Frank, house and lot. . 11.68Orr, J. II , house and lot. ...... 46.21Parker, Cordie, Ag'nt, houseand lot 2 18Roberts, A. J., house and lot. . 16.18Rector, J. F., house and lot 9.98Shy, Perry, lot 9.25Sullivan, Mike, Mrs 3.87Turpin, S. M., house and lot.. G.02Trisler, J. F., 2 houses and lota 15.75Turner, Mary B., house and lot 3.76Woodward, J. A. , house and lot 9.39Windsor Hotel, house and lot. . 136.42Walls, Samantha, gdn., house 25.02miller'sburg-whiteCollier, Harry J., lot 19.93Case, Arnold, lot 3.26Crump, M. T., lot 3.45Feeback, Jess, lot 3.55Henson, A., Mrs., lot 4.13Linville, J. W., lot 3.26Rodgers, Barton, 311 acres ofland near Millersburg 259.59FLAT ROCK WHITEBanta, Anderson, 22 acres ofland near Little Rock 11. ( 9GUlispie, Stanley, 10 acres, ofland near McDaniel f 22.06Monson, John and Laura, 5aces of land near Mansfield. . 7.52Smith, F. L., 22 acres of landnear Smith 16.82Terrell, Wallace, 31 acres ofland near Crouch 21.26NORTH MIDDLETOWN WHITEGil key, Mrs. John, 3 lotB 52.92Talbott, Martin, 75 acres ofland near Hildreth 51.21Wheeler, G. W. and J. W., 89acres of land near Peters andParrish 73.23Winston, M-s. A. S., 47 acresof land near McCray 25.77Weils, Thos., lot in N. M. Town 3.87CLINTONVILLE WHITEWorthington, W. C.,Dr., house jand lot 32.78HUTCHISON WHITECarpenter, M. E., Mrs., lot22.00Davis, W. J., 340 acres of landnear Hutchison 277.57Godman, Mil ward 1 acre ofland near Burgess 6.85CENTERVILLE WHITECollins, Al., 4 acres of land nearJacksonville 5.23Current, Sallie A., 56 acres ofland next Welsh 26.86Claypole, Birch, 2 acres of landnext Wagoner 7.76Collins, Emma, Mrs., 170 acresof land next McMillan 95.52Clifford, C. J. and J. W., 55of land 68.37Griffith, M.B., Mrs., 2 acres ofland next Houston 6.71Oliver, J A, Est., 1 lot, Jacksonville ; 6.09RUDDELS MILLS WHITE.Gifford, E. N., 1 lot on Peacockpike '5.12Hitch, Henry, 1 lot. Peacock pike 3.38Lucky, J., 3 a of Raney laud. . . . 5.90Linville, Garrett, 15 a 23.13Paynter, Thos,, 1 house and lotRuddles Mills 12.52Ranev, J. H., 9 a land RuddellsMills9.7514.682.286.34Smith, WmMcKinsey,H., lot, MillersburgSam, lot, RuddellsMillsSnodgrass. Tom, lot, ShawhanNON-RESIDENTS.Potts II ?0 a 11 401UUN U.,-Ud......... tt'V.Brown Lida, lot in, Paris 12.o4Berry, W. ' F. , 51 a laud nextSmith 20.09Bell, R. H. Mrs, 137 a land nextWeathers 78.58Corbin, Sallie and Mattie, 118 alaud next Steele 67.70PUBLIC SALE.We will sell to the highest bidder onSaturday, Dec. 1 4,1912, at 2 p.m., on the premises, & lot 60x135 fb., coiner Seventh street andHouston avenue, Paris, Ky., and containing a large warehouse, 48x96 ft.,with a capacity of 250,000 pounds of loose tobacco. A tobacco screw, scales,elevator, 3 or 4 hundred .tier rails and about 6,000 tobacco sticks go withthe property.This property is conveniently located, and is very desirable for a garage,feed and storage house, etc.TERMS Made known on day of sale.OVERBY HEIRS.For further information, call on or address Harris & Speakes, Paris, Ky?GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer. 'Forman and Garvey, 32 a nextNichols .r . . . 17.10Galbreth, M. E. and Rice, 1 lot,Paris 6.69Hanson, Carrie, 1 lot, Paris 16.34Hawes. W, H., 1 lot, Paris 3.31Jones. W. T., 4 lots. Judyville 5.57Kennedy, W. E-, 139 a next Parker 111.78Overby, Robt., lot in Paris 1911$6.57, 1912, 5.84 12.41Riggs, Clara E., 70 a Clav land 37.36I Smith, Melvina, 4 a next Vimont 3.63Singer. . H. , lot, Paris 23.63Sheely & McKee, lot. Paris, 17.99Stamler , Ed, lot, Paris 23.63Salter, Ed., Gdn. Shinners, 2 lots,Paris, 46.21Turner. A. J., 36 a 33.63Smith, S.M.,1 lot, Ingels Add. 3.31Wakefield & Moore, 10 lots, Paris 35.29Williams, Will, or W. E. Hutselhlot, Paris. 3.94PARIS-COLORED 'Ayers, Sherman, lot 77! 5.47Baker, Eliza, estate, lot 10.98Breckenridge, Henry, lot 5,13Bird, Fannie, lot 3.31Buford, Winnie, lot 5.57Brown, Wilson, lot 6.04Brown, George, lot 5.12Bailey, Lela, lot 5.57Beckett, George, lot 4.90Boyd, W H, lot 3.77Coleman, Lida, lot 8.10Christopher, George, lot 3.77Conway, Atchison, lot 0.U2Corbin, Russ, lot ' 8.84Craig, J Lacy, lot 2.74Chinn, Wesley, lot . . . 4.55Cross. Jane, lot 3.53Darnell, Leah, lot 4.42Evans, WH, lot 9.7oFrazier, Charles, lot 3.77Ferguson, Anna, lot 3.31Fields, Jim, lot 3.77Freeman, Maggie, lot 5.57Fields, Henrv, lot 4.46Fields, George, lot 4.90Griggs, Watson, estate, lot 4.44Gaines, Sadie, lot 2.92Hubbard, Mollie, lot 4.54Holly, Eliza, estate, lot 3.31Harris, Tom, lot 6.35Hickman, Lula, lot , 5.57Hitch, Carrie B, lot 2.74Jacobs, Doc. , heirs, lot 3.49Judy, Mary Ann, lot 21 37Johnson, Maria, lot 2.18Johnson, Tom, lot 5.12Jackson, Lucy, lot 3.02Johnson, Eliza, lot 2.18Jackson, Nathan, estate 2.18Jackson, Mary, lot 1. 62Kimbrough, George, lot 6.59Kellis, Smith, lot 3.77Lindsey, heirs, lot 12.34Lewis, Ad, lot 3.77Lawson, Tom, lot , 5.54Mitchell, Mattie, heirs, lot 2.18Monin, Nellie, lot 2. 18Mickins, Eliza, lot 3.27Myers, Will, lot 6.02Mack, Andrew, lot 7.16Porter, George, lot 5.74Patersou. Dave, lot -6.02Paraer, Melria, estate, lot 5.57Price, Mack and Carolina, lot 3.77Riley. Polly, heirs, lot 2.18Reese, James, lot 4.80Simpson, Mattie, lot K.. 3.31Seals, Dennis, lot 4.2rfStickney, Ellen, lot 4.76Stiles, Stephen, lot, 4.60Turner, Horace, lot 6.34Tiffy, Sol, lot 2.75Thomas, Salile, lot 2.18Watson, Tom, lot 2.M8Wilson, Josie, lot .'. . 9.73Wilson, Maggie, lot 1.67Williams, Amanda, lot, 3.53Watts, Nannie, lot 1.33MILLERSBURG COLORED,Armstrong, Margaret, lot, M. &L.pike 5.13Allen, Geo., lot, Shippville 5.46'.Allen, Mollie, lot, Shipville 3.01Allen, Frank, lot, Shippville 4.61Allen Heirs, lot, Millersburg 2.40Breckinridge, Dave, lot, Shippville 5.36Baker, Sarah, lot, Millersburg 2.40'Clark, Lida, lot, Millersburg.... 2.40Clav, Amande, Est., lot, Millersburg 2.77Clark, Will, Tr. Rosa, lot, Shippville 1.73Clark, Alvin, lot. Millersburg 5.36Clark, Carol, lot, Millersburg. . . . 5.36Dunson, George, lot, Millersburg 4.75Dade, Frank, Jr., lot, Millersburg 4.60Green, Retta and Fannie, lot, Mil-i 1 a nc.I m lcisuuij; T..UGriggs, Lige, lot, Shippville,5.11Hutchison. Enoch, lot, Millersburg Hughes. Lizzie, Est., lot. Millersburg Herod, Ephriam, lot, MillersburgHillman, Maggie, lot, MillersburgJanuary, Sarah, Est. , lot, Millersburg Jones, John, Gdn.. lot, Millersburg Jones, Cassie, lot, MillersburgJanuary. Lizzie, lot, Millersburg. .Lawson, Sallie, lot, Millersburg. .Lawson, Fletcher, lot, MillersburgMcDonald, Geo., lot, MillersburgMassie, Lizzie, lot, Millersburg. .Mitchell, Nancy, Est., lot, Millersburg Mason, Dora, 2 lots, MillersburgPerry, Will, lot. MillersburgParker, Fannie, lot, Millersburg. .Robinson. Maria, lot, Shippville..Sharp, Sam, lot, MillersburgThomas, Ada, lot, M. &L. pike..Talbott, Lafe, Est., lot, ColvillepikeTurner, Jane, lot, MillersburgTowles, Wilson, lot, Millersburg4.603.776.035.102.403.011.731.792.403.543.312.303.06,4.433.994.993.063.673.77O COn in7. IXu. i i :Wilson, Dave, lot, Shippville4.23Wilson; Jim, lot, M. & L. pikeW;ie C;fVi 1r,f CV,nrM11o5.734.653.776.02Wilson, Smith, lot, Shippville..Wilson, Belle, lot, Shippville....Williams, Jerry, lot, MillersburgFLAT ROCK-COLOREDBaker, Al, lot, Little RockCollins, Rebecca, lot, String-5.11Thfl o yruzut u nianeARUf 11 1 1. NfKriKLolElH. Mill. WW OT7 novannniiiii x hjmMowuerRoyalDakingPowderAbsoluielyPureA NoNoUmoSILsvMrsi3(Formerly with J. L. Watson, Lexington, Ky.)MODISTECatering to High-Class Trade- . FORStreet and Mvening Gowns,Blouses and SuitsPrivate Shop opened in fourth floor over Embry &Co. 's store, Mr. Erown, an experienced tailor, will havecharge of all tailored work.Outside materials made up until our own stock is received. Your Orders Solicited.Mrs. PendletonOver Embry & Co.(Take Elevator)SBHSBH 1?NBSBNSBNBXBtown 5.71Dudley, America, 40 acres nextHopkins 22.51Easton, Ed, lot, Little Rock .. 8.15Green, A J, 5 acres, nextBryant 10.1SGrinstead, Rufus. 11 acres nextStrap 6.52Hughes, Bettie, 10 acres, nextRoseberry 7.80January, Wash, lot, next Soper 7.58Lee, Philip, 3 acres, next Hor-ton 7.48Martin, Amelia, lot, Little Rock 2.40Parker, Alex, lot, Little Rock 6.71Sharp, Mose, heirs, 12 acres,next Gillispie 8.16Simpson, Patsey, lot, nextRodgers . . r 5.11Williams, Frank, 8 acres, nextWilliams 9.11Williams, Hariiett, lot, LittleRock 2.28NORTH MIDDLETOWN COLORED.Black, Ellen, lot, Claysville : 3 06Brooks, Jas., Jr., lot, Claysville.. 5.11Brooks, Jno., lot, Kerrville 5.72Childs Hrs., lot, North Middletown 4.13Cage, Margaret, lot, Claysville 2.89Corn, John, lot, Kerrville 7.84Chinn, Mary, 2 a next Kerrville.. 3.64Duncan, Frank, Ben, Jessie, lot,Kerrville 4.75Green, Tom, lot, North Middletown 4 4SGreen, Al, lot. North Middletown 9.71Hill, Amanda, lot, North Middletown 3. 52Hastings, Todd, lot, North Middletown . . . . 7.40Hughes, Jim, lot, Claysville 3,99Judy. Alfred, 2 a. next Kerrville.. 7.60Jackson, Margaret, lot, NorthMiddletown 5.99Jones, Kate, let, Claysville 4.43Keys, Dive, lot, North Middletown 3.87Keen, John, lot, North Middle-town 12.02. Mack. Bob. 2 a next Gibbs .. 10.15.JO tvt01 -T? ..1.J 1UI.V.1U1C, J." I dills., J' Mason, Mary Jane,a Kerrville.. 6.55lot. Claysville 2.28' Pa' ker, Maria, lot. Claysville 2.28Richardson, Jordan, lot, Claysville 4.64Ranson, Bettie, lbt, North INIiddle-town 4.57Schooler, Jim, 9 a next Gav 10.79Scott, Mary, Hrs., 2 a Hill land 3.52Trumbo, Amaudi, lot, Claysville 1.72Wilson, Sam, lot. Claysville.... 3.37' CLINTONVILLECOLORED.Brack, John, lot, Cliutpnville 4.65Evans, Gus, lot, Clintonville 6.11Henderson, Noah, lot, Clintonville S.82Johnson, Emma, lot, Claysville.. 1.72Lawson, Anna, lot, Claysville 2,89Merriman, Dan, lot, Clintonville 5.71Morris. Ann, lot, Clintonville 2.28Miles, Eliza, lot, Claysville 2.40Penn, John, lot, Claysville 5. 11Taylor, Jas., lot, Claysville 3.87HUTCHISON COLOREDBrown, Ann, lot, Emensville.. 3.52Evans, Shelt, lot, next Pryor 9.13McCoy, Edith, lot, Monetrey . . . 2.08CENTERVILLE COLOREDBurl Pressilla, lot, Centerville 1.60Brookens, Adaline, 2 lots,Brentsville . 4.36.Brown, Elijah, lot, Centerville 5.73Bishop, Bettie.- lot, '.Ceriteryjlle .2.57Coleman, Ann, lot, Centerville' 2&9miremGmm(pmcjfaiQ-- AlumPhosphates! Chinn, Ben, heirs, lot, Jackson-villerhinn, Frank, lot, JacksonvilleGreen, Will, estate, next Shropshire Griffen, Margaret, lot, Jacksonvillep I)am! lindletonJackson, Ira and Sarah, 2 acres,Lewis land 2. vlLodge, F & A M, lot, Centerville 5.37Porter, John, heirs, 3 lots,Brentsville 3.52Radford, Joe, 2 acres land 5.49Sparks, Mary, lot, Centerville 3.0Smith, Eugene, lot, Centerville 4.49RUDDLES MILLS COLOREDAyers, Susan, lot, Ruckerville 2.23Blackburn. Sandford, lot, Ruckerville 5.72Bishop, John, estate, lot Ruckerville 2.40Bowles, Jerry andMalinda, lot,Ruddles Mills 6.78Finch. Bell, estate, lot, Ruckerville 4.15Finch, Charles, lot, Ruckerville 4.09Fisher. John, lot, Ruckerville 8.41Gaines, Henry, lot, Ruckerville 6.02Harris, Alex, lot, Ruckerville 6 02Hayes, John, 3 acres land,Georgetown pike 11.71Hirch, Henry, lot, Ruckerville 3.4-3Johnson, Ann, lot, Ruckerville 3.52Johnson, Julia, Est., lot, RuckervilleJohnson, Warren, Est., lot, Reuben HillLee. Chas., lot, Ruddels MillsMedinger, Mary A., lot, Ruckerville Powell, Alice, lot, Ruckerville..Stevenson, Will, lot, Rassenfoss..Thomas, Sam, lot, Ruckerviile. .Whaley, Mary, lot, NeelyvilleWilliams, Mary, lot, Coulthards..Wilson, Minnie, lot, Coulthards..Insure with W. O.Prompt paying noncompanies.Hinton.- uniontfFor (he Wife.Bny the wife a kitchen cabinet andmake itaNappanee. J.T. Hinton sell3them.(Continupd Fiom Page 1)days. Abn & Mussinon. of this city,bought of Robert Meteer 15,000 poundsat 15 cents; George McLecd, 10,ODpounds at 14 1-2 cents ; Smith & Meteer10,000 at 10 cents: Marion Hall, 10,C'Jat 10 cents ; Clarence Wright 10,000 at12 1-2 cents.Bush Bishon, a well known tobaccobuyer, has purchased the followirtfcrops : From Ed Burke 22.000 poundsat 8 1-2 cents ; Jack Howard 12,000 at10 cents : D. M. Frederickson. 9.000 at10 cents; R.F. Collier 9,000 at 9Jcents;John Clay, 14,000 ai 10 cents : A. TLeach, 17.000 at 12 cents; Ppyne &Blackburn. 17.00 at 10 cents; Hall &Jett, 10,000 at 10 cents; Current andCarrier, 10,000 at 12,1-2 cents; A. T.Henry, 10,000 at 12 1-2 cents ; Gar- fClifford 10,000 at 15 cents; Wm. S"uer8,000'at 13 cents. -I2.404.414.592.282.494.44Sbl2.692.2S3.263.9S7.271.721.72,