THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR-&--i;Jtr?:irVOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 31, 19128OVERLAND!1913OyerJand. Model efCOMPLETELY EQUIPPED$985,00Self Starter Central Control Remy Magneto Clear Vision Wind.30 Horsepower 110-in. Wheel Base Warner Speedeomter Shield5-Passmger Tour- Timken Bearings Mohair Top and Boot All Bright Partsmg Car Prestolite Tank Tires 32x3 Q. D. Nickel PlatedDEMONSTRATIONS SOLICITEDM.-J. LAVIINDistributor For Bourbon County.JEighth and Main Streets, Paris, Kentuckyfi1913wASiasitstotoIftI wish to thank all myfriends and customers fortheir liberal patronage forihe yea49i2? and extendto all my best wishes fora happy and prosperousNew Year,tototofto$vvT. C. LENfflAN.Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234g'g.g.g.SK.s?y.it;flMBtfsw2B9a VJ1" J I Vx hVtffftWe Tian For' We thank our customers for their liberalM. naf-naW Hdrincr 1Q12. Wft also wish everyfjf citizen of Paris and Bourbon County a successful and prosperous New Year.illillpPRi6&&60.6iottiierand Furnishers)Charged With Assault andBattery.Upon a warrant charging him withassault and battery sworn nut bv Bennett Tarr, a member of the groceryfirm of Bramblett & Tarr, J. C. Elgin,chief of police of the city of Paris, wasplaced under arrest Friday by DeDutySheriff W. F. Talbott. and after furnishing bond in the sum pf $100 for hisappearance at his examining trial yesterday morning was released from custody. The issuance of the warant is the result of a difficulty which occurred lastThursday night in front of the storeof Urarablett & Tarr at the corner ofMain and Bank Row. The trouble, itis said, grew out of the order of thepolice chief to the groceryjfirnt tovhavethe snow cleaned from their sidewalkon Christmas eve.The men met Thursday night whenTarr is alleged to have asked ChiefElgin whv he had been forced to comply with his order when other businessmen allowed snow to remain on theirsidewalks in front of their businesshouses.t Elgin's reply was to the eftect thathis orders had been enforced when anargument ensued and warm wordsDassed between the two. when it wasalleged by Tarr that Elgin struckhim. Bystanders interfered and prevented other hostilities.The examining trial of Mr. Elginwas called yesterday morning beforeSquire Fretwell. but was postponeduntil this morning at ten o'clock.Jilgin is represented by Attorney C.A. McMillan.r"WE KNOW HOW"Krf-.. "":jftla, - - lb t-V' Jr-i Z.iL 5 -T. J.. Tt- -$ Jfc-rWestern Union Granted Injunction.Application for an injunction by theWestern Union Telegraph Company toprevent the L. & N. railroad from removing the telegraph company's equipment from the road was granted inLouisville Saturday in the Federalcourt. The injunction applies to thewires along thp entire system.The telegraph company will "nowpuBh its suit to condemn a right ofway along the railroad.The contractnbetween the telegraphcompany and the railroad expired lastAugust and the road has been seekingfor several months to have the wiresand poles removedrNone Better.Get a pair of our Eclipse Shoes,none better,tf FELUS' SHOE STORE.. Charities to Meet ToNight.The postponed meeting of the Associated Charities will be held in thecounty court room, Thursday eveninc,January 2,at 7:30 o'clock and an effortwill be made to have a large crowd inattendance. The meeting will be presided over by Dr. A. H. Keller, th1president, who issues an urgent appealto the members of the enrollmentcommittee to exert their efforts toward securng a large enrollment tobe presented at the meeting.At the last meeting of the Associated Charities the constitution waspresented but was again referred tothe committee appointed to draft thearticles governing the body, for anumber of changes. They will comeup at the meeting for adoption.From allreports the enrollment committee is doing efficient work in securing membership and it is expectedthey will have a most satisfactory report to make at the meeting Thursdaynight.Will Resume Sales Thursday.The sales at the warehouse of theBourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co.,which were suspended during the holidays, will be resumed on Thursday,January 2, when an excellent offeringof tobacco will go under the hammer.Over one half million pounds of tobacco have been disposed of on thelocal market during the five sales heldsince the opening of the warehouse atan average of 12 cents per pound.wWc Wish to ThankOur FriendsFor Their Very Liberal Patronageand Wish Them All a Happyand ProsperousNew Yearf V j$"SIMitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to MenChurch Officers Charged.Instead of' the usual services at theChristian church Sunday morning thehour was devoted in an address to theelders , and deacons reently elected bythe congregation .and who will havechirge of the affairs of the church.The address was delivered by Rev. W.E. Ellis, the pastor, who charged themwith the responsibilities of their position and in a most impressive mannerinducted them into their respectivepositionsThe twenty-seven men who thus became the managers of the'businessaffairs for the large membership of thischurcn are as follows : Elders J. T.Sharrard, J. W. Hayden. W. (). Hinton, M. G. Thomson, J. T. Hinton andThomas Henry Clay. Ueacons W. B.Allen, C. Arnsnarger, George Alexander, J. D. Booth, J. H. Brown,Thomas Henry Clay, Jr., C. P. Cook,J. W. Davis, J. W. Ferguson. ThomasFunk, Robert Goggin, F. P. Lowrv,Monroe Mansfield. John McClmtock.Thomas Kedmon, Houston Rion, J. W.Thomas. J. H. Thompson, J. S. Wilson, F. P. Walker and Geo. W. Wyatt.For convenience in doing the workof the church the elders have adoptedthe followinc plan:The territory is divided 'into fourdistricts, 'and each elder has afcommiltee in each district, or four committees, to assist him in doing the workassigned to him. The committees onprayer meetings are in charge of J.T. Sharrard ; committee on church attendance, J. W. Hayden: committeeson interesting young people, W. O.Hinton : committees on visiting thesick, M. G. Thomson; committees onstrangers, J. T. Hinton, and the socialcommittees are in charge of ThomasHenry Clay.ie IfHii mmmtw&mt&KLKZiiiniiiifiniiixcinHTnft LiiiiiiiiiiiiiiriiiriiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiriiirruiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinninuMiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiuiiurirj pFRANK & COSThe Store Where Reliability Reigns,sElMl.f ?irinU Sivsuilu.ytomMiw r r m&kjp - -We desire to thank;our Friendsand Customers for their liberalpatronage during the past year-'r iand wish all a happy and pros-f . , - - --noic IJaa "VrU,Mi I --.V - m f,tu' ?JdI; pjLIf j"& -'"U - -1ycd a m i x. rc1 1UV11IV SVA W. 1jjBffijCTiiiiiiiiniimirHiiiiiinnimNininniiHUiijBMtHaiLllfltUHLlMllimi!-iftParis, Kentucky!E1tCi...totommmwwmaMammmmaauti't- xIHt BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DECEMBER 31, 1912I!15illr(tVL.e9M49MuiIIVUPIw.rldi tJ.u"104c'If4r''HE BOURBON NEWSPABIS, KENTUCKYrrnr-rr ni Lauie aiiu uciiiicuicuI Your Fall ShoesAre Merc.SWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year $2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceThey are new, seasonable and reasonable. The assortment is made upof the best styles of the world's bestShoe makers. The scope is so broadand the size ranges so complete youwill find your size in any make youdesire, vWe have also a full line of Misses',Children's and Boys' School Shoes inGun Metal, Patents and Tans.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates.I obituaries and resolutions, and simir lar mat! er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertispments and yearly contracts.IGEO. McWILLIAMS,Phones 301The Shoe ManJBourbon Laundry!UAV1S & HJINK, Props.Telephone No. 4.Tbe risrht of rmblisher is rpsfirvArlto decline any advertisement or othermatter ottered, tor publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.West 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo?- fine work and itdever coes heck on its refutation. If you are particular faoout now your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky..vC? i?df?'E?JE!'!'?j?j?'jfjf1l4?t.':....J.. jbof Paris.We wish to thank ourfriends and patrons forthe liberal patronage extended to us during thepast year, and wish thema happy and prosperousNew Year.Before Man Could Speak.The now famous human relic dug upin England and known as the "Sussexskull" has proved a nu mber of thingsol interest to scientists.For one thing is discovery has proved that human beings existed on "thisearth a million years ago, for this oldest of human relics was found in astratum of rock of the pliocene age.It also has proven, incidentaly, that ifwe are to ever find a trace of that apeman, popularly termed the missinglink, we must go still farther back,which is .discouraging to those whoare endeavoring to secure positive evidence of the truth of the theory ofevolution.But the most remarkable thing aboutthis skull is that it shows that in theore-glacial ae mankind was speechless, although the race possessed brainDower and Dresumably could reason.The Sussex Ekull.Jwhich is that of awoman shows the entire absence fromtrie jaw of the ridge in which the tongue rests and to which its muscles areattached. This is accepted as conclusive evidence that the Sussex womancould not speak andit stands to reasonthat if the woman could not speakneither could the man.All of which is interesting. As arace we thought some centuries beforewe began to speak. It is only as individuals that some of us speak firstand thiDk later if at all.Independence Hall.Wc offerourevery convenience toDepositors3 per cent, interest paid onTime DepositsI the IflrkHltural Bank of Paris jIndependence Hall, Philadelphia'smost treasured relic and the patrioticshrine to which hundreds of thousandsof American pilgrims havejourney$d,is to have new caretakers.This historic edifice has been placedin the hands of a commission, whichhas promised, not only to keep it inbetter repair, but to restore and beautify so that it shall become attractiveoutwardly as it is in itms associations.It is also promised that certain practices thot have been going for years,according to common reports will bestopped.In many homes throughout the country "relics' from Independence Hallare numbered among the owners'proudest possessions. Some of themare bits of woods, some fragments ofbrick, othes nails, scewsnd even doorhinges. If all of them were genuineIndependence Hall would have disaD-peared long ago. In fact these alleged"relics, " surreptiously secured byvisitors possessing only a faint appreciation of the distinction between pa-1triotism and vandalism, are believedto be so numerous that if all of themwere collected they would more thanfill the old building, leaving not evenroom for the Liberty Bell.The 8uppre8sion"of this kind of graftwhich sells at exorbitant prices thesefake relics to visitors, who are themselves not over scrupulous, is one ofthe tasks to which the new caretakerswill address themselves. It is to besincerely hoped that they succeed.Graft of any kind should not be associated with tbe building that saw the !birth of the nation. Commercializingpatriotism and turning natriotic impulses to a profit form a trade too contemptible to be toleiated.A Happy New Year.f IBefore the News appears to its readers again we will be launched wellinto the New Year. With midnighttonight we will bid adieu to the foldyear and welcome the coming of 1913.With the New Year will come themany resolutions ; resolutions to become better men and women, to elevate the high standard of morals andChristianity, to change for the abetterthe modes of businesarand to step intopaths hitherto untrodden in the commercial and social senses.There are many resolutions thatcould be made, many which if strictlyadhered to would benefit the community in most respects, uplifting to allclasses and further the 'cause of happiness and contentment.We should all be happy and contented. We have much to live for and before us is much good we can do in thewold. not only in helping ourselvesbut assisting our fellowmen. No matter what good we should attain theprice wi'l be small and the resultworth a hundred times more.Prosperity is marked by the coursein which we begin. We are fll content to prosper be it large or small.The little may be to some as the largeis to others. But the field of prosperity is large enough for all to have ashare, be its apportionment large brsmall. Prosperity comes not to theman but he who seeks should go forward tormeet it with the best wishesand kindliest spirits of his neighbors,be they either friends or enemies.This will sprve to elevate him bothin the social and Christian realms;make of the lowly a man of exultantspirits, pride and self respect; makeof him a man who will enjoy the esteem of everyone and who in turn willhold in esteem those who sent'him outinto the world with a kind word andsincere grin of the hand. All men areequal and let man seek to perpetuatethis righteous cause.The element of friendhip is a greatfactor in the success of a man. and thiselement should find no better time forexpression than at the present, whenthe New Year is dawning upon thehorizon and when time is fading in thedarknes of the passing vear.To everyone we extend our most sincere wish for a happy and prosperousNew Year. May joy come "in abundance and sorrows be so few that theyear of 1913 and years to come may beevergreeeus in the forest of life.Barlows Made in Kentucky.Mr. Joseph M. Rogers writing to theNew Yo"k Sun tells of the origin ofthe oarlow'knife, saying :"Tho Rarlow knifp man nnoinallv, r i7,.,r-" tVt r ,z. p"'m"fiuuub uy wiiiiam joariuw ai Jtucnmona,Ky., more than a century ago. Barlow had a forge in Richmond and madejack knives as well as other iron andsteel objects for the then rapidly growing West. Some of the knives werefor hunting puiposes, some the largejack knife, but the typical "Barlow"was a one blader with bone handle,sometimes rawhide, and a good stelblade it was. Afterwards it appearsthat Barlow gave up the manufactureof knives and concentrated all his energies on casting cannon for the warof 1812. in which he was assisted, Ithink, by the redoubtable MatthewLyon who had the first rough and tumble fight in Congress and was imprisoned for Mese majeste'under the strictlaws passed during the Adams administration. Then he went to Kentucky.Fifty .vears.ago the Barlow family inRichmond was represented by a millerand I think members of the familylive there this day. They did a fewyears ago when I left Richmond. Inthe years 1820-1 870 or thereabout theBarlow was made in many places andwas simply a type of the cheap singleblader which boys received in earlyyouth. My first was presented to mein 1864 at the ripe age of three. Iimmediately proceeded to hack the index finger of my left hand and thescar remains to this day. Boys inthese days are so superior that theywould resent the gift of the humbleBarlow knife, whose disappearanceon many grounds mutt be rergetted.It disappeared abtut the same timethat McGuffey's "readers passed offthe stage two great formative institutions in our history which have notbeen replaced adequately."Stamps in Mile LengthsPostage stamps in mile lengths soonwill be orinted by the .Government asthe result of the invention of a machine by Benjamin R. Stickney, ofthe Bureau of Engraving and Printing. The new machine will print,Derf orate, gum, dry and either cutinto sheets or coil in mile lengthsthe products of the press. It willsave the government a vast sum ofmoney for it is claimed by the inventor that it will cut down the coat ofproducing atampa at tleast 57 per cent.AfteranySicknessnothing so rapidly restores healthand vigor as SCOTTS EMULSION.It is the essence of natural bodynourishment, so medically perfectthat nature immediately appropriates and distributes it to everyorgan, every tissue feeding,nourishing and restoring them tonormal activity.SCOTT'S EMULSION is not apatent medicine, but is nature'sbody-nourishment with curative,upbuilding properties and withouta drop of drug or alcohol. It contains superior cod liver oil, thehypophosphites of lime and sodawith glycerine, and is so delicatelyemulsified that it enters the systemwithout digestive effort builds,tones and sustains.After croup, whooping coughmeasles and other child ailments itis nature's ally in restoring health.After grippe or pneumonia itimparts strength, and health, andfor colds, coughs, sore, tight chestsand throat troubles SCOTT'SEMULSION gives the greatest reliefknown.Scott It Bowks, Uooadfcld, N. J. 12-5JHow The Body Kills Germs.Germsthat get into the body are killed in two ways by the white corpusclesof the blood, and by a germ-killtx? subziance mat is in tne Diooa. Just what thissubstance is, we do not know, me dioou oi a uesiuiy penuu aiways nas somegerm-killing substance in it to vard off the attack of disease. The fountain headof life is the stomach. 'A man who has a wsak and impaired stomach and whodoes not propeny uiyuat ma wu "" "w?". r , T . - r Kand impoverisned, and that his vhole bocy is improperly and insufficiently nour-and throw out the poisons from the body, nothing m the past forty jears hasexcelled Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery, a Dureglyceric extract (without alcohol), of bloodroot, goldenseal and Oregon grcpo root, stone root, mandrake andqueen's root with black chorrybark.'Tily husband was a sufferer from stomach trouble and.impure blood," writes Mr.s. James II. Maiitin, of Frankfort, Ky. " Ho bad a soro on his face that would form ascab which would dry and drop off in about a month, thenanother would immediately form. It continued this wayfor a long time. He triea every remedy that any one wouldsurest but found no relief. He then tried Dr. Pierce'sGolden Medical Discovery which completely cured him. Hohas stayed cured now for two years, and I recommend thisvaluable medicine for impurities of the blood."Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regulate and invigorateJ.H.Mabtin,Esq. stomach, liver and Doveis. augar-cuau, uy Btamues.I? IifffF"To Our Friends"Nineteen" Hundredjand Twelve lias dealt most kindlywith us.Through your co-operation we have practicallydoubled our business since the new year made its bow,and have endeavored to take care of your needs.To you, our friends and customers, who have madethis success possible, we extend our sincere thanks for allyour valued favors, and desire to express our sentimentfor Nineteen Hundred and Thirteen.''Good Luck, Good Friends, Good Health, Good Cheer, weare wishing you for the coming year.And we trustfthatlit may be our pleasure to wish youmany more Prosperous and Happy New Years.Most Cordially Yours,a DODSON & DENTON,The Home ofW&Q&s&ZZiQeSStXglfAcgxj'i&22&st&(kASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland Telephone works forhim. He will reply:1. Sells My Products 4. Protects the Home2. Gets Best Prices 5. Helps the Housewife3. Brings Supplies 6. Increases Profits7. Pays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet.For information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporatedTwin Bios. Deparimeni Stoie,Corner Seventh and Main Sts.Everything at Special Low Prices forthe Holiday Buyer.Ladies' and Children's Cloaks. v i ,Suits) Skirts, Furs, Millinery,Waists, Sweaters, Shoes, Etc.Toys, Dolls, Pictures and Frames, Toilet Sets,Handkerchiefs, Purses, Umbrellas, Scarfs,And Thousands of Useful Presents.Call In and See Us.mutOilM" .AHitt McenUi,wto$iw,owW. KING & SON,125 Cheapslde, Lcxlnston, Ky.150.00 TO SIOO.00. A MONTHJ?r ?.ur Pre time Experience not needed, want an active man in thi locality.T introduce us to your friends. We pay'largest cash benefits when sick, Injured,a4 at death, f er smallest cost. Tree-In-vranceand Cash-Bonus eer to trst applicant from this place. Write ulck forparticulars.THE I-X-U 835. Covington, Ky.aRoxie" Davis !CDe Insurance EmtLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and 'Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Cad.2Helloal37I." -VftVA- v,,VO--.' ii"'..v"'rVKiLr',-I-fi ..-.!.,.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DECEMBER 31, 1912.8;rf';rgFCatarrh Cannot be Caredvritb local applications as they cannot reach the seat of the disease.! Catarrh is a blood or constitutional disease, and in order to cure it you musttake internal remedies. Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, andaCts dircetly upon the blood and mucous surfaces. Hall's Catarrh Cure isnet a quack medicine. It was prescribed by one of the best physiciansjn this country for years and is a regular precsription. Jt is composed ofi,o hPKt tonics known, combined withthe beet blood purifiers, acting direct- dealersF.fJ. CHMBY & CO.. Prong..r ' &'&' Tnledn. Ohio.SW by drugging, price 75 cents.Take Hall's Fmi1v Pilla fn nnncfi.pstion.You will find that druggistp everywhere speak welf.uf Chamberlain'sCough Remedy. They know from longexperience in the sale of it that incases of coughs and colds it can alwaysbe depended upon, and that it is pleasant and safejto take. For sale by allrNow-a-DaysiMost Everybody Is Trying to Getthe Best Por the Leas t Money.Go to Henry's place they will show you thenicest line of Toys, Sleds, Wagons, Chinaware,Candies, Fruits, etc, in the city.Their Prices Are RightMore Reasonable Than the Down-Town-Man. Theyare waiting to show you their line and convince youof the truth.Yours For More Business.Curtis Henry & Co.,LBoth Phones 442Cor. 1 4th and MainJNew Fall Suits ArrivingDaily -Schloss Bros., & Co.,Baltimore, (Vld.,Hand Made SuitsAre Mere DirectFrom The TailorsHands. .We are showing the new Plum,Carnation, Grey and Browns, theprices very reasonable, $15 to $25.All Wool Fall Suits, newestshades at. . . .$10, $12.50 and $15.Our Fall Line of Haws VonGol Hats Douglass Shoes andTiwn Bros., Special Shoes arelarriving daily.JThe showing we are makingfor Fall is in every way up to thehighest class, our prices are morereasonable ihan elsewhere.TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L WoHstein, Proprietor.Wilson's Campaign Fund.Democracy's war chest containedfirst and IastT$l,110952. The expensesreached $1,159,446. Three men contributed $105,073. Charles R. Crane, ofChicago, led with $40,000. ClevelandH. Dodge, of New York, was secondwith $35,U0O and Herman Ridder, ofNew York, as treasruer of funds collected for the committee, was thirdwith $30,073. Wm. J. Bryan gave$1,000. Senator Watson, of WestVirginia, gave $7,500. "Among railroad rrten G. F. Baer gave $1,000 andB. P. Yoakum $2,500. J. W. Camden,of Versailles.Ky.,;gave $5,000.Kitchen Cabinets.Kitchen cabinets for the child, $4while they last. Have one set asidefor the child,tf A. Jj WHEELER & CO.Man Coughs and Breaks RibAfter a frightful coughing spell aman in Neenab, Wis., felt terriblepains in his side and his doctor foundtwo ribs had been broken. What agony Dr. King's New Discovery wouldhave saved him. A few teaspoonfulsends a late cough, while persistent userouts obstinate coughs, expels stubborn colds or heals weak, sore lungs."I feel sure its a Godsend tto humanity," writes Mrs. Effie Morton, Columbia, Mo., "for 1 believe I would havehad consumption today if I had notused this great remedy." Its guaranteed to satisfy, and you can get a freetrial bottle or 50 cent or $1 size at Ob-erdorfer's.For Christmas.The finest stock of whisky, wine andliquors in Central Kentucky. I cansupply your holiday needs.x B. WEISSBERG.m ' tEnds Hunt for Rich Girl.Often the hunt for a rich wife'endswhen the man meets a woman thatuses Electric Bitters.!'. Her strongnerves tell of a bright brain and eventemper. Her peach bloom complexionand ruby lips result from her pureblood ; her bright eyes from restfulsleep; her elastic step ifrom firm, freemuscles, all telling of the health andstrength Electric Bitters gives a woman, and the freedum from indigestion, backache, headache, fainting anddizzy spells they promote. Everywherethey are a woman's favorite remedy.If weak or ailing try them. 50 centsat Oberdorfer's.Lard SpecialTry a Bucket of Our OpenKettle Rendered Lard. Guaranteed to be the Best LardMade.50-lb. Can $7.0010-lb. Bucket.. 1 .SO5-lb. Bucket.. .753-lb. Bucket.. .45Golden EagleSausageThe Best on Earth.Baldwin Bros.BjjgjjjjjjgjBiMMBWBMMBBWBWWBWBBBBBBiMiWBBWBMHMflHHiHIIVHHi HHiVIVlI C.C. M. CLAY, PresidentJ. A. LaRUE, Vice-PresidentJNO. T. COLLINS, Sec'y-TreasS. K. Nichols, General Manager 'DIRECTORSC. M. Clay, H. S. Caywood,Jno. T. Collins, R. M. Jacoby,J. A. LaRue, Lee Stephenson,Ed Burke,W. M. RogersS. K. NicholsiBourbon TobaccoWarehouse Co.'Incorporated4.We Will Be Open For BusinessIDecexnTDer 1, 1912.WE SOLICIT YOUR PATRONAGE: We have positive assurance of buyers for the American Tobacco.Co., the R. J. ReynoldsCo., Liggett & Myers, the Lorillard Co.. besides various independent and local buyers.These are assured facts, as the representatives of the Trust have Jarranged already forthe handling of their purchases.We will have an abundance of wagon room and free stabling of horses. Bring us yourtobacco; we guarantee you a square deal.lBourbon Tobacco Warehouse CompanyiiiiininnrHininutinnHimifnmmftmTmwnQawtmHMellllinilltlllllllllltffilIvffllfIHIIHIffffMfV9llMtffllHWThe Stout Figure iwill find in the newRengo Belt Corseta garment that hasstrength, will supportthe figure whereneeded, give an erect,graceful carriage, anddo all this with perfectcomfort to the wearerThis corset has nofussy strappings, lacings or harness.In fitting aRengo BeltCorsetdo not select a size that pinchesit is entirely unnecessary. Thereis a size just right for you, acorset that will give your' figureexactly the correct proportions,,perfect comfort, and a freedomof movement that assures anamount of satisfaction you haVenever thdught possibleC Double watch-spring boning isused throughout and guaran' teed not to rust.PRICES $2.00 to $3.00Sold byFRANK & CO.I. Himis wL gmBrl e ti Her ini ii I - MI rI X JI 1 AWmW i ' vi IElTii I iIIImIrll 'i' It' It I Ii W JIhdhmfMlPiis ir ii r ir sen' t: rvv .if,111 n mm . -Wi tj s i m ii M' j m'1 k. -fi . . r . i kFLANDERSfcAaBiii.oxilox l-; cE-M-?-IBzDo JdodefsI ;You Want theHI'H15i"',f sn , v l - ..CvK.leapedFZ r x vsife?sfc!trv.:rar,C''- ny9Myii nfwT wSwy && v&v&S$T)l W I' ll l' I IFlanders 120" Roadster, $750Don't be alarmed if somebody tells you you can buy an automobilefor less money than the $750 Studebaker-Flanders "20." You can, butyou better not. The Flanders "20" corresponds point by point with thebest and highest priced cars sold. Cheaper cars at every vital point arebuilt on ideas long ago discarded for good cars. Don't take our word for,it. Make comparisons and see.The Studebaker-Flanders "20" is a marvel a high grade modern carat a low price. If you pay less you buy much less. And the cheaper cartoday will cost you far more in the long run. The competing car isn'tsold which the Studebaker Corporation, the greatest automobile manufacturers in the world, couldn't reproduce for less money; but we won'tbuild a cheap car, because the name "Studebaker" means the best foryour money.If you are content with a car that runs today and dies tomorrow,don't buy the $750 Flanders "20." It will wear for years. Rememberthis the Studebaker-Flanders "20" will outwear 2 to 1 any other carunder $1100 and give you double satisfaction, confidence and comfortinto the bargain.We can prove it Send for new catalogueThe Studebaker CorporationDetroit- Mich.Bourhif Garage & Scpply Company.-ii..L-Ui':f-Paris, KentuckymJ?&&&gga&m7""?."-T 'iI V:4r - -J, ' ,JL ...lvV;aTV"nJ !IMPP"THE f BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,VBOUR?ON COUNTY, KY., DECEMBER 31, 1912hr,LPklf"M$u$,.i,VJ'.Vr rIJJ4n1f' r1i 1, Hi.'.Jr' 41.Vi.Vi,.1-fii 4iTot .Starting the Dairy Herd. .In Kentucky many farmers are inquiring as to , the advisability of replacingjbeef cattle witn dairy cattleon the farm. To such inquiries weanswer that where good markets formilk, butter, or cheese are available,and where one will go into the business with the determination to stickto it and master the many details.thefarm income will be materially increased by the change.To those who are just embarkingin the business we would offer,the following suggestions in the light of morethan twenty years personal experience in practical dairy farming andfrom observations of the successesand failures of scores of dairymen inthis and other states.y First, look well to your market.Your location will determine whetherthe product shall be milk, cream, butter or cheese, or whether retailed ina local market or shipped to a citydealer. If the farm is located severalmiles from a market or shippingooint, butter, cream or cheese shouldprove most profitable, because of thelower cost of hauling the reducedbulk. Butter of a high quality is being produced on many farms in thestate at present and such butter is ingood demand at prices equal to orgreater than creamery butter. Sweetmilk and sweet cream usually affordbetter returns than butter and cheese,provided the dairy is close to a goodretail marketor to a railroad wnerequick shipment canjie made to a goodmarket.Second, use care in selecting cows.The beginner should start with goodcommon or grade cows which canusually be picked ud in the neighborhood at prices ranging from $50 to $65.Mate these cows to a, purer bred bullof one of the dairy breeds. The valueof ths bull depends upon whether hismother and his sire's mother werelarS milk and butter cows, also uponthe dairy merit of the daughters ofbis sire and grand sire, and of his damand grand dam also of his sisters.Frequently bull calves of this description can be brought from hreeders anddairymen at very reasonable figures.The heifer calves obtained by matingsuch a bull on good heavy milkingcows of common breeding are almostcertain to develop into high producingdairy cows. By continuing theuseof cood bulls from selecied cows, improvement will be continuous and sure.A herd can thus be developed won thefarm at a small cost.Third, we wish to emphasize thatfor the beginner, pure bred femalesare not necessary, such, high pricedstock should not be used until one firstlearns to handle grade cows successfully, and is convinced that he has thecapacity and aptitude to attain resultsin breeding, and haB the ability ofsalesmanship, and a good demand forhis pure bred .stock. Few men havethability to make a financial successof breeding. One should not go intothe business. One . should grow intoit.Shoes For Gentlemen.I See the Bostonian shoes for men at$4 and $5 at Feld's Shoe Store. tfFor Tarpaulins, see J. J. Oilsat Coofc's Grocery. T-tt;i3fOur Patrons andFriends:A Happy andProsperousNew Year.. ,l rShire & FithianE. I Term. Phonel288 Home Phone 130Employed' Few HoursKilled.and IsIn' full view of several r companionsW. 0. Stapleton, a white man, agedabout 25 years, was accidentally killedSaturday morning about 9 o'clock atthe construction camp of Duane &Carland; one-half mile south of Escondida. this county, when he wasstruck by an engine used; in the'construction work on the Louisville &Nashville railroad. His body wasbaaly mangled and cjeath resulted instantly. Stepleton, in company with severalother laborers camefrom CincinnatiFriday night going to the railroadcamp where they had secured employrment. He had worked but a few hoursbefore he met his death. When theaccident occurred he was engaged withseveral others in loading a quantity ofcoal on one of the construction cars.Walking across a temporary track hestepped in front of the. engine beneathwhich hejwasground to pieces.Several men in the vicinity of wherethe accident occurred saw his perilousposition in front of the moving locomotive and made an effort to warn himof the danger, but before he could bebrought to realize the meaning oftheir calls the engine was upon himand he was unable to escape. Neitherthe engineer nor fireman saw the manon the track. One side of his headwas crushed and his body was badlymangled.Coroner Rudolph Davis was notifiedof the accident and went to Escondidawhere he held an inquest over the remains. The jury returned a verdict ofaccidental death in accordance withthe testimony given at the investigation and attached no blame either tothe railroad company or the construction firm of Duane & Carland.The lemains .were brought to thiscity and taken to the undertaking establishment of George W. Davis wherethey were prepared for burial. Aneffort was made to locatersome of therelatives of the dead man in Cincinnati to determine what disposition tomake of the body.Sunday a message was receivedfrom Cincinnati requesting that thebody be held here for a few dayswhilea further search is beine madefor his relatives. The matter is inthe hands of a Cincinnati emnlov-ment agency through which Stapletonsecured the position.Mr. Duane, the member of the construction firm is exerting every effortto locate the relatives of the unfortunate man but unless this can be accomplished within the next few days thebody will be buried here.SFire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.Business Slow on L. N.Freight business on the Louisvilleand Nashville since Christmas hasfallen off to a marked degree according to railroad men in this city. Theslump in traffic is due to the miners inEastern and Southern Kentucky layingoff during the holidays. Work, however.Iin the mines will .begin to pickup after tomorrow when the usualtraffic will be resumed'on all branchesof the road. !,or.V',.'SfrcVLexington Gets Meeting.At the mid-winter meeting of theKentucky 'Press Association held j inLouisville last week it as decided tohold the next '.mid-winter meeting inLexington. An invitation was presanted to the editors by S. H. Clay,secretary of the Lexington CommercialClub. There was no strong opnosition.The place for holding the mid-summermeeting will be decided later by theExecutive Committee.Nine Persons Injured.Two men were probably ! fatally injured while seven others sustainedmore or less serious injuries Fridaynight when a street car 'jumped thetrack on the Central bridcre, whichspans the Ohio River at Cincinnati,and were precipitated into a vacantlot on the Ohio side after a drop offorty feet.Big Load of Nuts.An unusual sight was seen upon thestreets of Vanceburg, Lewis county,last week, when a four mule team pulling a wagonload of nuts gathered inthat county passedjthrough. They included hickory nuts, walnuts, hazelnuts and butter nuts.Notice to Subscribers.Subscribers of the News should notethe law regarding the rightiof the publisher of this newspaper to extend ingocd faith credit for ; subscription accounts. At the beginning of the NewYear accountsjwill beimailed toalI delinquents!: one year or more in arrearsand they will be expected to remit atonce the amount of their accounts.The News must comply with thepostal laws or be deprived of the speciallpound rate extended by the government. Hence those who are in arrears one year or more will be droppedfrom the list. The amendment paragraph of Section 436 of the PostalLaws, isas lollows :"The fight of pubishers toZextend ingood faith, credit on subscrptions isrecognized and will not be abridged,and although all subscriptions are regarded as expiring with the periodfor'which they were obtained, neverthless, in order to give an opportunityto secure renewals, copies of theirpublications will be accepted for mailing as to suoscriners at tne usual second class rates of postage for a periodof one year from date of expiration ;but copies sent to persons after oneyear from date of expiration of theirsubscription, unless such subscriptionbe expressly renewed for a definitetime, together with actual payment ofsubscriptions or a bona-fide promise ofpayment, will not be accented at thopound rate of one cent i for each fourounces, or fraction thereof, prenaid bystamps affixed." ''STRAYEDOne black male hog. strayedmy place on the Clintonvillefromnikeabout ten days ago. The hog weighsaboufcfour hundred pounds Rewardfor infnrmntinn nr rptnrn tntfZ "Mr J AS. B. WOODFORD.DEATHS.SALISBURY.A message received late Thursdaynight by Mrs. B. R. Dickeraon andher sister. Mrs. Lawrence Dickerson,of this city, announcing the suddendeath of their father, Mr. William iF.Salisbury, at Holyoke, Mass., onChristmas Day.Mr. Salisbury was 72 years old andwas employed" as night watchman bythe American Thread Company atHolyoke. Mass., and slept during theday. Before retiring Wednesdaymorning he complained of a slightheadacne, but otherwise was in goodhealth. At two o'clock in the afternoon his wife went to call him. anddiscovered that he was dead.Mr. Salisbury waB a native of NewYork, but lived in Kentucky for anumber of-years, returning to the Eastsome 'time ago. He has visited hisdaughters in Paris, and was a veryfine old gentleman, a member of several orders and was liked and respectedby all who knew him.Miss Dora D. Williams, aged seventeen years, and Mr. Guy Dwelly,aged seventeen years, both or Nicholas county, were mairied in Millersburg Friday by Rev. Redd.MATRIMONIAL.MOUNTJOY-ESTILL.Col. and Mrs. John Cunninghamhave received handsomely engravedcards announcing the marriage of theirnephew. Mr. Lewis Wallace Estill, toMiss Emerald Mountjoy, of nearFrankfort."McPARLAND-LOYD.Miss Elizabeth McFariand and MrTyree Lyddell Loyd, both of Lexington, were united in marriage in thiscity at the residence of the officiatingminister, Rev. W..E. Ellis, on Twelfthstreet Saturday.The bride is the daughter of Mr. J.E. McFariand, cashier;of the Lexing-jtun City National Bank and is verypopular, being one of the most charming of the city's younger girls.Mr. Loyd is the son of Mrs. SarahH. Loyd and until this year was astudent at the College of Agricultureat State University. He recently returned home in the past few weeksfrom an extended tour of the MiddleWest.The marriage will come as quite asurprise to the friendsof the popularyoung couple.Mr. Loyd and Miss McFariand weretaken to Paris in an automobile andwere accompanied by Miss Ellen Byrdand Mr. Lynn Lail, who witnessed thewedding ceremony.Mr. and Mrs. Loyd left Paris forCincinnati from where they will visitChicago and several other citiesbeforereturning to Lexington to make theirhome.BIRTHS.Born, 'near Paris, on Chrstmas dayto the wife of Mr.4W. Swiney Isgrigg.nee Turner, a son W.kS. Isgrigg, Jr.A message received Saturday byMr. and Mrs. J. W. Huffman, of thiscity, announced the birth of an heir tothe wife of Mr. Clyde Huffman, . inHuntington, W. Va. Mrs. Huffmanwas before her marnace Miss AnnaFishback. a student at Bourbon College, from London, Ky.. and Mr. Huffman resided in Paris. Congratulations are being extended.38 Union Men ConvictedThirty-eight union officials Saturdaywere iouna guiuy oi complicity inthe McNamaravdvnamite pluU, including the wrecking of the LosfAngeleslimes building.Frank M. Ryan, president ot theInternational Association of Bridgeand structural Ironworkers, wasamongthoae convicted.He, with others, was accused ofusing the union's funds to destroy theproperty of contractors who refused torecognize the union.Herman G. Seiffert, ot Milwaukee,and Daniel Buckley, of Davenportjla., were found not guilty.The verdicts were brought in at tena. m. Saturday the jury having beenout since Thursday, at 5 p. m.Sentences varying from severalyears' imprisonment in the Federalprison at Leavenworth, Kas.. to oneyear and one day and to suspendedsentences were yesterday imposed uponthe labor union officials. Frank M.Ryan, president of the Iron Workers'International Union, was given a sentence of seven years. Edward Clark,of Cincinnati, who confessed, wasgiven a susuended sentence. AlTweretaken to the Leavenworth Governmentpenitentiary last night.A remarkable scene was presentedby the struggle of the wives of theprisoners to reach their husbands. Itwas ordered that all the spectatorsshould bejcleared from Ihe room andthe prisoners allowed to talk withmembers of their families. Some ofthe men made pleas forjmercy ; otherswept in the arms of theii wives Butthe court pronounced the sentencesone by one regardless of the pleas.On the Spot.A girl on a footstool often has anadvantage over , girl on a pedestal.The Tatler.Bowles Improving.Tom Bowles, .of Cynthiana, who. wasshot and badly wounded by an unknownperson Christmas night at the cornerof Tenth and Pleasant streets, is improving at the Fordhf m Hotel, wherehe has been connfied since he was injured. Mrs. Bowles, who was called to hisbedside the morning following theshooting has since been a constant at.tendant. It is the opinion of hi3 attending physician that he will be ableto standjthe trip to his home in Cynthiana today.Since publish ng the account of theshooting it has developed that Bowleswas not in the saloon of John Johnson at the corner of Tenth andf Pleasant streets on Christmas night andhad walked up Pleasant street toTenth where he turned to go to theL. & N. depot. The police have so farbeen unable to'get the slightest cluethat would lead to the apprehension ot;l"eman tbat fired the shot thatwounded Bowles.as State ICol. RoberVB. Franklin. Commonwealth's Attorney of the Fourteenthjudicial district composed ot the counties of Bourbon, Scott, Franklin andWoodford, Friday tendered his resignation as State Attorney to GovernorJames B. McCreary.Upon the receipt of the resignationGovernor McCreary immediately apDointed Victor A Bradley, a lawyerof Scott county, his successor.The resignation of Qol Franklincame as quite a surprise to his friendsin this city. - Ar a lawyer and publicprosecutor he had few equals and nosuneriors. Recently he became associated with Robert C. Talhott, of thiscity, in the practice of law in theState and Federal courts and the firmopened office in Lexington, Mr. Talboit retaining hisofhce in this city.An office is also maintained by thefirm in Frankfort. Col. Franklin waselected as Commonwealth's Attorneyin 1897. He was re-elected in 1913and again in 1909 without opposition.During his term ot office he prosecuted'a number of murder cases among themost notable being the alleged- murderers of Governoi William Goebel.He distinguished himself for his fearless prosecution in the numeroustrials of the accused. Following is acopy of Mr. Franklin's letter of resignation :The Hon. James B. McCreary, Governor of Kentucky. Your Excellency :For fifteen years by trfe favor of myfellow citizens, as Commonwealth'sAttorney within and lor the ForteenthCircuit Court district, I have prosecuted the pleas of the Commonwealthof Kentucky. How 1 have dischargedthejduties devolving upon me as suchan officer is recorded in the courts.Some time since, Mr. Robert C. Talbott and niyself associated ourselvesand established offices at Frankfortar.d Lexington for the purpose of prac-) ticing law in important cases in ourstate ana leaerai uouris. uur dusi-ness has grown until I find it threatensto interfere with a prompt and properdischarge of what in good conscience.deem to be my duty as public prosecutor.I am unwilling to hold office and beembarrassed or hampered in the fulland timelv performance of any of itsfunctions by reason of other employment or obligation. I am equallyaverse to accepting from individjalsprofessional employment with wmchofficial duties may come in conflict.All these things considered 1 feelthat my duty demands of me that Igive up the office, and with Mr. Talbott, devote mv time and professionaleffort exclusively to serving those persons who have entrusted and may entrust us with their affairs.Therefore, it'is that I do hereby tender mv resignation as CommonwealthAttorney of the Fourteenth CircuitCourt district of Kentucky to takeeffect at once.With infinite gratitude to the peoplewho, through so many years have honored me, and with Lmany preciousmemories of them and of those withwhom I nave served in official capacity. Your respectful and obedient servant. ROBT. B. FRANKLIN. IIn accepting the resignation of Mr.Franklin and appointing Mr. Bradley.Governor McCreary says :"Hon. Robert B.Franklin, Commonwealth's Attorney for the FourteenthCircuit ourt district, presented his resignation to me this morning, and Iaccepted it, as requested by him, totake effect immediately."After his resignation, he recommended the appointment of Victor A.Bradley, ot Georgetown, and the recommendation of this Commonwealth'sAttorney, who had been in office fifteen years, was. in my opinion, worthyof consideration."During the' most critical'times thathaveever occutred in Kentucky, afterthe assassination of William Goebeland those indicted for participation inhis assassination were on trial, hedischarged his duties faithfullv, fearlessly and ably.'-'In addition to this the grandfatherand father of Victor A. Bradley weremy intimate friends, and 1 know thatVictor A. Bradley is an able, energetic, efficient lawyer, well equipped tofill the duties of Commonwealth's Attorney, and, therefore, appoint him tofill the vacancy caused by the resigna-tion-ofMr. Franklin."'rw C YspecialCol. Jranklin ResignsAttorney.Christmas Sale IiiiiiiSTOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESLetton Bro3. sold a good mule toJerry Plummer, of Ruddles Mills fnr5185. R. B. Hutchcraftof Paris, boughtten head of feeders in Clark countylast week at prices ranging from$5.75 to S6.20 per hundred.Er Mr." 0. R. Rankin, of Millersburgsold durine the last week 78 head ofcattle to Mclntyre & Moffett for 7cents per pound. The cattle averagedabout 1,350 pounds each.W. D. Mclntyre, of Millersburgpurchased of Dr. C. W. Mathers, ofNicholas county, eighteen head of 1,400pound cattle at 7 cents per pound ora total oi si.yuu.The vote stands 367 to 106 in favorof selling the tobacco pooled with theGreen Kiver Tobacco Growers Association at Owensboro, at prices ranging from $9 to 15 for leaf and luesand 3 for trash." Caywood & xMcClintock. of thiscity, have shipped seven carloads ofstock hogs to Indiana within the pasttwo months, the last shipment being acarload which a"eraged145 pounds,for which thev received from $6.25 to$6.40'per hundred pounds.James M. Terry, of Cynthiana,bought last week from Matlack &Shropshire, of Winchester, for exnorcto Cub the grand little saddle showhorse, The Little Millionaire, which,it is needless to say, brought a topfloor price.Mr. George Jones, of near Paris,purchased of Martin Doyle, of thiscity, one hundred acres of land in therear of his home place on the Clintonville pike. The price paid was 100 peracre. Mr. Jonea now owns about 400acres in his home place besides a nicefarm near Clintonville.The .poultry men of Kentucky areinvited to meet at the State University at Lexington on Wednesday,1 January 8, during Farmers' Week, toorganize a Kentucky State Poultry andPigeon Breeders' Association, and todiscuss the advisability of holding, theState Poultry &how.E. J. O'Brien, a member of thefirm of E. J. O'Brien & Co.. leaf tobacco brokers of Louisville, has justreturned from France, where he secured a part of the annual IFrench tobacco contracts. The contracts thisyear aggregate about 25,000,000pounds, and Mr. O'Brien was successful in securing con tractsjf or. several ofthecoarse graudes of Kentucky tobacco, amounting to several millionpounds.More than a quarter of a millioncattle fewer than in 1911, were received in Chicago this year, but morethan $3,000,000 was paid for them thanin 1911. The total naid out in 1912was above $183,000,000. Three reasonsare given for the increased price ofbeef, the falling off in production ofthe Western state, the gain in population in the United States, while theincrease in cattle has not kept pace,,and the falling off in beef exports thisyear owing to the big home demand.The largest cattle sale made inBoyle county in many years was closedlast week when Mr. J. C. Caldwellsold323 head of extra Lhigh class exporteis to Monte Fox. of Louisville,and James Brown, of Chicago. Theentire bunch averaged 1,425 poundsand the price was $7.85 per hundred.It took eighteen freight cars to transport the exDorters to New York. Theywere bought for the New York Butchers' Dressed Meat Company. Thetotal purchase price waa 336,000.Mr. English, a mule buyer fromTennessee, has been in this vicinityduring the past week and purchasedfrom Cay wood & McClintock of Paris,six head of work mules for a total of$1,200, and from W. A. Thomason hebought eleven head of mules at S205per head. Caywood & McClintock alsosold toJAsa Jewell, of Lexington, tenhead of work mules at S210 per head.The same firm bought last Monday,one mule from Thomas!Lisle. of Clark:I county, for $195..Was Nothing to Worry Over.A clothing designer of Philadelphiacommitted suicide because he couldn'tfigure out the season's styles. Whocan? After,4,-'?jlIf yoti want some genuine bargains in odd? and endsof DinnerWare, Tumblers and ChamberSetS, come to us before Jan. 1 .. .ATHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., DECEMBER 31, 1912-o 4 ritr it-- v- s.m BOURBON NEWS.&&ww wmvrTeSiP&kKALWAYS HAS THE BESTCF EVERYTHINGOpens Gallery in Millersburg.Mr. J. H. Doty, the local photographer, has opened a gallery in Millersburg and will spend Monday, Wednesday and Saturday of each week inthat city. The remainder of his timehe will spend in Paris.Finest Liquors.Make Bennie Weissberg's place yourheadquarters. Finest old liquors,wines and whiskies in the city.Overchecking Must Cease.The practice of overchecking mustcease according to an announcementof the several Pans banks who havenotified their patrons that the practicemust be abolished, and those who haveoverdrafts have been notified to thiseffect.Watch Out the Old.Watch'out the old year at the saloonof Bennie Weissberg. Finest gades ofwines and whiskies in the'.city.Parisians Join TravelersBlue Grass Council No. 89, UnitedCommercial Travelers held la. meetingat Lexington Saturday and initiatedten new members, among them beingMessrs. C. H. Sutherland and Wm.Howard, Jr.. of this city, and Mr.Hanson Thomas, formerly of Paris.After the meeting a nanquet was heldat the Phoenix Hotel.Best in Town.The best of liquors in every line.Make my place your headquarters andwatch the passing of the old year.BENNIE WEISSBERG.A Correction.In an item published in the lastissue of the News it was stated thatWillis McClure, colored, was givensixty days in Squire Fretwell's courtfor the alleged theft of some 'provisions from George Erion. The Newswas in error in this statement and intead of McClure the convicted manwas Lige Reese. In justice to McClure we make this correction.Attention Bookkeepers.We can furnish everything that thebookkeeper may need in I his office.Ledgers, cash and day books, pens,ink, pencils, rubber bands, and erasers. "If you can't find what you wantin our stock we will take pleasure inordering it for you.PARIS BOOK CO.PERSONAL-MENTION.uhicago,S. M.Mr. Robert Roche, of Louisville,is visiting relatives in thia city.Miss Rena Crosdale. fof this city,was a visitor in Lexington Friday.. Miss Ellen Bruce Gay. of Danville, is the guest of Miss Ruth Stir-man.. Mrs. M W. Ditchen, ofis visiting her mother, Mrs.Wilmoth.Mis3 Sallie Daniel went to Lancaster Saturday evening to visit Mrs.Jennie Mount.Miss Jessica Litsny returned to heihome in Harrodsburg Saturday after aviBit to Miss ElizabethHinton.Mrs. M. H. Davis, of Mayslick, isvisitng her parents. Mr. and Mrs. WHukill, on Broadway.Mr. Mark Rankin, of Chicago, is aguest at the home of Mr. and Mrs.Brice Steele on Pleasant street.has re. visit toC. Arn-Master's Sale of Land.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold Saturday at the court house door forMaster Commissioner McMillan 112acres of unimproved land lying on theClintonville pikelabout five miles fromParis and belonging to David Penn, toA. S. Thompson at 582 per acrj. Atract of about 41 acres of urimprovedland on the Bethlehem pike belorgingto the same party was sold to JonasWeil at $90 per acre.Will Save You Money.Call"on me and 1 will save you moneyon groceries. Will sell as cheap orcheaper than anybody.Sugar, 6 cents per pound; coffee, 25cants per pound ; potatoes, 85 cents perbushel. Everything else in proportion.31 2t " THOMAS GEORGE,Hear First National Bank.Leader's News Editor Resigns.Mr. James M. Ross, news editor ofthe'Lexington Leader, and one of thebest newspaper men in this section ofthe State, ha resigned his position tobecome effective tomorrow. Mr. Rosswill become the managing editor ofthe Kentucky Trotting Record, formerly known as the Kentucky StockFarm, andjeditorof two tobacco andagricultural papers, one daily and oneweekly, soon to be issued from thesame office. .Just Coal.For Mountain Ash Jellico, ImperialCannel and Pocahontas Smokelesscoals see ,STUART & O'BRIEN,24 tf Main and Eighth streets.Best in Paris.Watch the old year out toi ieht andmake your headquarters at BennieWeissberg's. The best liquors inEaris.Badger Fight Scheduled forTonightThe badger fiaht which was announced last week to take place in thebuilding on Main street to be .'occupiedby Yerkes & Prichard. will be pulledrtflr n cnhortnlprl time tonieht at Pighto'clock according to the announcementof the promoters yesterday, From in-jlormation tnat nas oeen Bamcu -willbe no police interference of anysort and the affair will be spread onin all its glory.From the tact that it has been several years since a badger fight hasbeen held in Paris local sports are looking forward to it with a great deal otpleasure. Thomas Buckner, who itwas announced would wager a handcnmo finm rnn one of his prize dogs.stated yesterday that the animal wasin great condition for the fray.There has been considerable comment on the possible outcome of thebattle and much speculation is indulged in and the fact that there are anvnumber who enjoy the sport the prospects are bright for an immensecrowd. The cause is a worthy one andthe event should prove quite a drawingcard. .... . ATwo badger are to oe icticufrom, one of which is now in i thepossession of Mr. Rudolph Davis whilethe other was fient to Dr. Silas Evans,of Paris, who is an ardent admirer otth sport. The matter of sekctine thesnimals for the battle will be left entiiely with the promoters.Miss Mattie Lilleston, of Barbourville. is spending the holiday seasonwith her mother, Mrs. S. Lilleston.Mr. John McCoy, of Lexington,was the guest Sunday of his cousin,Mr. Chas. Endicott, on South Main.Miss Martha Ferguson, of Bourbon, was the guest several days lastweek of Miss Bettie Barrow, in Lexington. Mrs. " John S. Roberts, of nearParis, is in Georgetown at the bedsideof her father, Col. Hugh S. Anderson,who is seriously ill.Mr. Will S. Arnspargerturned to Eaton, Ga., after ahis parents. Mr. and Mrs.sparger in this city.Prof. M. Hume Bedford, professorin chemistry in the University ofMaine, is here'on a visit to hisjnother, Mrs.Maria Bedford.Mrs. Wade Whitley will entertainwith a five hundred party for Mr.Winston Dunbar next Thursday afternoon from 2 to 5 o'clock.Mrs. William Daugherty and sons,of Cynthiana, who;have -been visitingMr. and Mrs. J. T. Mattox, left Sunday for their new home at Harlan.Mr. W. B Tinsley, the popular attache of the Paris Gas and ElectricCo., returned Friday night after spending Christmas with relatives in Roanoke, Va.Mr. Wm. T. Ficklin, of this city,is dangerously ill at the Good Samaritan Hospital in Lexington. He isthreatened with pneumonia. Mr.Ficklin is 85 years of age.Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Mattox had astheir guests Fridav, Mrs. Kate Mattox, Mrs. O. .T. Mattox, Miss facottDaugherty, of Cynthiana, and Mr. J.A. Daugheity, of Pineville.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Davis, of Barbourville, arrived Saturday to beguests at the home ofjMrs. S. Lilleston, on Higgins avenue. Mr. JDavis isthe editor of the Barboursville News.Misses J. B. and Jennie Lou Kiserand Mr. James Hughes and Mr.Scraggs, ot Kiserton, were guests Friday night of Mr. and Mrs. Clyde Larkin at their home on Walker avenue.A message was received in thiscity Sunday by relatives announcingthe serious illness of Mr. Chas. Hibler.Mr. Hibler has been a sufferer fromtuberculosis for several years.Mrs. Francis P. Campbell anddaughter, Mary Frances, and Mrs. T.D. Bentley ana son, rtoy, nave returned from a two weeks' visit to relatives and friends in Cincinnat and Covington. -Mr.,and Mrs. I. N. Keller entertained Sunday at their home nearKiserton with a family dinner in honorof the thirtv-ninth birthday of theirqnn. Mr. Eddie Keller. There wereI thirty-nine guests present and an elaborate menu wa served. Among tnosewho attended were Mrs. Fannie Smith,Mr. J. H. Smith, Mr. and Mrs. JuneKeller. Mr. and Mrs. Clyde Larkin,Mr. and Mrs. Ed. Keller and daughter,Mrs. Cash Raney, Cincinnati ; Mr. andMrs. James Kiser, Miss J. B. Kiser;Mr TCrnest Kiser. Mr. and Mrs. W. B.Kiser, Mrs. Josie Seavers, Cincinnati ;Mr. and Mrs. George Current and Mr.and Mrs. Will Endicott,lCynthiana.The following from Muskogee,Okla., to the Courier-Journal will beof interest here : "One of the mostenjoyable annual events in Muskogeeis the Christmas tree arrangeu amiloaded with gifts for former Kentuckians and other friends at the residenceof Mrs. Olivia Slaughter, 325 EastOkmulgee avenue. The tree was prepared and decorated by Mr. and Mrs.Tniin sinnchter. son and daughter inlaw of Mrs. Olivia Slaughter. Manycf the gifts were beautiful whileothers were placed on the tree for:--u rxmmrn& nurnnpes. An oldfashioned Kentucky dinner always follows the distribution of gifts. Theformer Kentuckians present were Mrs.Olivia. Simeon and John Slaughter,Danville; Mr. and Mrs Ben Watt andHanahter. Reed Loving, BowlingGreen ; Mrs. Fannie and Miss AnnaLee Talbott, Paris ; Mr. and Mrs. Jefferson Yeaser and little Olivia LeeY eager, Danville; Thomas 'Lackey,Richmond : Hi. JL. xancey, i-aaucan,besides a number of friends fromother states. .-"Miss Anna Lee Talhott, of Pans,c, ;0 ffiipst ot ner motner. mi.Fannie Talbott, in Muskogee, andintpr nav a visit to her sister, MiW. Miller, in Holdenville."One of the prettiest and gayestevents of the week was the bridgeluncheon given by Mesdames JoseDhE Offutt and Ray Colcord. of Oklahoma City. The home of Mrs. Offutt,in which the luncneon was given, win holiday 4attire. Large red joy bells- hnni under the chandeliers andin the windows, and Christmaswreaths, strung with tiny bells, werefestooned about the walls and quantities of mistletoe and holly werebanked in every available spot. Inthe center of each of the nine luncheontables was a'.miniature Christmas tree,u.:..v,i TOith-hnrnme taDers and withmistletoe banked at the base. Mrs.Offutt and Mrs. Colcord are daughtersof Dr. Walter K. Piner, who was foryears pastor of churches in Louisville,Bowline Green. Hopkinsville and otherKentucky cities."came to this city to spend the winterwith his nieces, the Misses Owens,and who several days ago sustained afall in which one "of his arms wasbroken, is resting well.Mr?. C. B. McShane is visitingMrs. John Woodhead in Cynthiana.Miss Margaret Willis, of Winches"ter, is the guest of Miss Mary Mitchell Clay.Mr. and Mrs.'James Wells returnedyesterday after a visit to relatives inWinchester.Misses Mabel td Lula Lyons, ofLexington, are guests of Miss AnnaEads Peed.Mrs. Homer Kiser and daughter,who have; been visiting atRichmond,returned home yesterday.Misses Edna Keller and Hazel Duvall attended dance in Richmond lastnight.' while,they were the guests ofthe former's aunt. Mrs. Chas. Green.Mrs. F. P. Lowry and Mrs. AmnaPrichard, of this city, attended themeeting of the Woman's Club Association held at the Phoenix Hotel in Lexington Friday night.Messrs. John and Turney Clay willentertain at five hundred Wednesdayaternoon at the home of their parentsat the home of their parents. Mr. andMrs. Harrv B. Clay on Duncan avenue.Miss Mary Mitchell Clay, the attractive daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Harry B. Clay, entertained- with abeautiful german at the Elks Hall lastevening in honor of her guests, MissesWillis, Johnson and Baldwin, of Winchester, and Miss Buchanan of Richmond. The hall was attractive in its holiday decorations. The german was leda graceful manner by Miss wayinassisted by Mr. Louis Taylor. Thosepresent were :Misses Marie Talbott, Frances Clay,Bessie Simms, Katherine Marsh, AnnaWilson, Eleanor Clay, Carolyn Rosefcerry, Elizabeth Hinton, Helen Desha.Nell Ciutcher. Elizabeth Crutcher,Frances Hancock. Elizabeth Yerkes,Ellen Towles. Louise Steele, LauraSteele, Annie Embry, Nannie Ciay,Mararet Ardery, MildredJ Lisle,Martha Ferguson, Helen Huqchcraft, Mrary Belle Wvatt, ErmaBishop. Marv Batterton, AugustaRogers, Lexington; FrankieThumpson,Georgetown ; Cora Baldwin and Mildred Johnson, Winchester; EdithBuchanan, Richmond; Ruth Irigg,Tenn. ; Margaret Walls, Winchester:Messrs. W. K. Ferguson, Lucien p Arnsparger, Duke Brown, Douglas Clay,Roy Batterton, Oscar Hinton, JoeDavis.JSid Ardery, G. C . Thompson,Harmon Turner, Rogers Moore, Ireland Davis, Tom Prichard, WallaceClark, Harry Horton, Hiram Roseberry, John Ardery, Edward Fithian,Blair Varden, Will Estiil Moore, JohnClay, Clarence Barbee, Cassius Clay,Jr., Allen Lary, Winchester! CharltouClay, Hugh Ferguson, Wm. Taylor,James Dodge'The chaperones were Mr. and Mrs.Harry B. Clay. Mr. and Mrs. J. F.Clay, Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Talbott, Mr.and Mrs. W. 0. Hinton, Dr. and Mrs.J. T. Vansant, Mr. and Mrs. LouisTaylor. Mr. and Mrs. C. A. McMillan,Mr. and Mrs. S. W. Willis, Mrs. Newton Mitchell, and Misses May andLucy Colville.Given Obligation.Messrs. Julian Howe, W. B. Tinsleyand Albert Jones were taken into theMoose lodge at its meeting last night,in the new lodge room of the order.BUTLER'S!HolidayGifts. .Genuine AmericanCut Glass !NEW AND RICH DESIGNS,Hand Polished, Deep Cut,Reasonable in Price.French Ivory Sets,Dresser Sets,Bristle Goods of All Sorts,Hand-Painted China,Leather Goods,Cigar Jars,Fancy Pipes in Cases,Perfumes,Keen Kutter Kuttlery ofAll Kinds, vSomething for Everyone andWithing Reach of theSmallest Purse.iWe Wish to ThankyearsForbusiness1913, asYou for the largestwe have ever had.heretofore, we will make every effortto please. May you have manyHappy and Prosperous New Year.W. ED. TUCKER.IrcfelUInsure with W. O.Prompt paying noncompanies.Hinton.- uniontfBUTLER'SWILSON'S OLD STAND,Opp., Court House,Paris, KentuckyPhone 69For One of Those CelebratedStonesFruitORCakes-I.Plum PuddingFEE'S"The Home of Good Things to EatLOST.Pony skin muff, lost in Iront of express office Monday about noon. Finder return to Fee's grocery and receivereward. 2tLOST.On the streets yesterday a small soldlocket. Finder return to Lavin & Connell and receive reward. 31 3tFOUND.A handsome fur neck piece wasfound on the Winchester pike on Friday. Owner can have same by callingat31 3t MITCHELLS BLAKEMORE'SI A ProgressiveI and SolidInstitutionWe Invite You to Open anAccount With Us.willMrs. G.IYou Are Assured ofTreatment.Liberal Accommodations.3 per cent, on Time Deposits.Capital 100,000.00Bourbon BankTrust Co.Surplus and Profits... 50,000.00Our Trust Departmentacts as Administrator, Executor, Guardian or Trusteein all trust capacities.A. safe and competentI J. T.IWS -sSgS vi 'Fair I am; IS1. 0n mtiw - WiW9 "fi " WKmvIImmmmHINTONWe Wish to ThankThe PublicFor the LargestBusiness During the Past YearWe Have Ever Had.iWe Also Wish Every Citizenof Paris and Bourbon County aHappy New YearJ. T. Hintonym&mMM"aJSmmSPSS?i'7x -v j,;h.i9 v7,$-& --- . - --,-a -THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DECEMBER 31, 1912Kt:i.; fa 4Ki,:fA4,i'-: itV:'th .i.5'2wft1j,,kflVtfl".ti j iitir:iiSuit' TO DRDERIt IbKbI QIBSSHI'fl HBH bMwQH "'51 bbB Rill fM QBbbH bbbb '""J """ BIS515SINBIBSiSBjIKSisIB:;uicn)5iiKIKeep The Kidneys WellHealth is Worth Saving, andSome Paris People KnowHow to Save it.-vWe Also DoDYECLEANING,PRESSING,REPAIRING.Best WorkGuaranteed.Thomas Bros.IB!IB!IBIBIB;!IB8""iiIBIBIB515tiIBill"?! :'""" airit!r35iB!BtBtiifiwii'bAia.diutiiJJaii&aiaiuoTheBourbon Horse GoodsMany Paris people take their livesin their hands by neglecting the kidneys when they know these organsneed help. Weak kidneys are responsible for a vast amount of sufferingand ill health, but there is no need tosuffer nor to remain in danger. UseDoan's Kidney Pills a remedy thathas helped thousands of kidney sufferers. The following Tstatement leaves noground for doubt.John W. Myers, blacksmith, EastMain street, Carlisle, Ky., says: Weare hardly ever without Doan'sKidneyPills in the family as they are a finekidney medicine. My kidneys wereweak and acted irregularly. The kidney secretions also contained a sediment and my back ached. When Iheard about Doan's Kidny Pills, IUBed them an since then, I have hadno further trouble."For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster-Mil burn Co., Buffalo.New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the name Doan's andtake no other.Sheriff's SaleOF-TAXESGo,Incorporated.Manufacturers ofHarness, Horse Boots andfeather Novelties ofAll Kinds,All OrdersZIPromptly Executed And !Work Guaranteed.No. 304 Main StreetRepairing of All Kind DoneWhile You WaitOpp. 'Court House.New Street Car Schedule.SCHEDULE OF THE PARIS CITYCAR EST EFFECT OCT. 1, 1912.LeaveCourt House6:45 a. m.7:15 a. m.7:45 a. m.8:15 a. m.8:45 a. m.9:15 a. m.9:45 a. m.10:15 a. m.10:45 a. m.11:15 a. m.11:45 a. m.12:05 p. m.1:15 p. m.1:45 p. m.2:15 p. m.2:45 p. m.3:15 p. m.3:45 p. m.4:15 p. m.4:45 p. m.5:15 p. m.6:00 p. m.LeaveStation No 557:00 a. m.7:30 a. m.8:00 a. m.8:30 a. m.9:00 a. m.9:30 a. m.10.00 a. m.10:30 a. m.11:00 a. m.11:30 a. m.11:55 a. m.12:20 p. m.1:30 p.m.2:00 p.m.2:30 p.m.3:00 p.m.3:30 p.m.4:00 p.m.4:30 p.m.5:00 p.m.5:30 p. m.6 :15 p. m.On Monday, January 6, '13,In front of the court house door, inParis, Ky. , about the hour of noon, Iwill expose to public sale for delinquent State and County Tax, for theyear 1912, the following describedreal estate, or enough thereof, thatmay be necessary to satisfy the saidtax and the penalty and the cost ofsale. If any error or double assessment occur in these' lists, pleasenotify us so that correctioujean bedulv made.A. S. THOMPSON, S. B. O.6.69New Shoe ShineParlors.Ed. ParkerThe popular Elevator Boy andJanitor at the AgriculturalBank, has opened a Shoe-ShiningParlor in the hallway of theBank and will be glad to waiton the public in this section ofthe city.Your Patronage Is Solicited.L. oc N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT NOVEMBER 17, 19121342971040373123326259138385393083231Traixis jLrrrveNo. FROM44 Atlanta. Ga., Daily 5.21 amLexington. Ky., Daily 4.15amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.85 amMaysville, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 7.38 amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 am.jLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 amCincinnati, O., DBily 9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday k 10.20 amLexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pmKnoxville.Tenn.. Daily 3.25, pmMaysville, Ky., Daily ,. 5.40pmCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5.55 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6,03 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.5o amJacksonville. Fla., Daily , 6.05 pmCincinnati, O., Daily " 10:50 pmTralxis ZDe-peirt .No. TO24 Cincinnati. O., Daily.' 5.28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. . . . H 7.47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 an:10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily .9.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.24 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10.27 am6 Maysville, K., Daily 12.05 pm36 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . . . .- 12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.34 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.4() pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.52 pm39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.07 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.10 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Dailv Except Sunday 6.15 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.25 pm31 Xexington, K., Daily 10.57 pm13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.55 pmIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trains -A.rriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda ." 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.30 pm5 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pmTralxis 3De;pa,rt tNo. TO7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday , 7.43am- 1 F ,ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunuay 9.53 amFrankf6rt; 'Ky Daily Except Sunday . .' i 5;55 pmPARIS WHITEAbbott, Marv, Mrs. , house andlot. ". v.SAnderson, Mrs. Mary, houseand lot 14.60Barnett, Sallie, house and lot. . 10.09Horine, Kate, 2 lots 3.12Mackey, Nora, Mrs., house andlot 12.34Mastin, John, house and lot 7.72O'Neal, Frank, house and lot. . 11.68Orr, J. H., house and lot 46.21Parker, Cordiex Ag'nt, houseand lot 2.18Rector, J. F., house and lot 9.98Shy, Perry, lot 9.25Turner, Mary B., house and lot 3.76Woodward, J. A: , house and lot 9.39Walls, Samantha, gdn., house 25.02MILLERSBURG WHITECase, Arnold, lot 3.26Crump, M. T., lot 3.45Henson, A., Mrs., lot 4.13Rodgers, Barton, 311 acres ofland near Millersburg 259.59FLAT ROCK WHITEGillispie, Stanley, 10 acres ofland near McDaniel 22.06Monson, John and Laura, 5aces of land-near Mansfield. . 7.52Smith, F. L., 22 acres of landnear Smith 16.82NORTH MIDDLETOWN WHITEGilkey, Mrs. John, 3 lots 52.92Wheeler, G. W. and J. W., 89acres of land near Peters andParrish 73.23CLINTONVILLE WHITEWorthington, W. C, Dr., house 'and lot ' 32.78HUTCHISON WHITEDavis, W. J., 340 acres of landnear Hutchison 277.57CENTERVILLE WHITEClifford, C. J. and J. W., 55of land 68.37RUDDELS MILLS WHITE.Hitch, Henry, 1 lot. Peacock pike 3.38Lucky, J., 3 a of Raney land.'. . . 5.90Smith, Wm. H., lot, Millersburg 14.68Snodgrass. Tom, lot, Shawhan.. 6.34NON-RESIDENTS.Potts, H., 20 a 11.40Brown Lida, lot in Paris 12.34Berry, W. F., 31 a land nextSmith 20.09Bell, R. H. Mrs, 137 a land nextWeathers 78.58Corbin, Sallie and Mattie, 118 aland next Steele 67.70Formanand "Garvey, 32 a nextNichols 17.10Galbreth, M. E. and Rice, 1 lot,Paris 6.69Hawes. W, H., 1 lot, Paris 3.31Jones. W. T. , 4 lots. Judyville 5.57Kennedy, W. E., 139 a next Parker 111.78Overby, Robt., lot in Paris 1911$6.57, 1912, $5.84 12.41Riggs, Clara E., 70 a Clay laud 37.36Singer. C. H., lot, Paris 23.63Stamler, Ed, lot, Paris 23.63Turner. A. J., 36 a 33.63Smith, S.M.,1 lot, Ingels Add. 3.31Wakefield & Moore, 10 lots, Paris 35.29Williams, Will, or W. E. Hutselllot, Paris. 3.94PARIS -COLOREDAyers, Sherman, lot 5.47Breckenridge, Henry, lot ..... . 5,13Bird, Fannie, lot 3.31Buford, Winnie, lot 5.57Brown, George, lot 5.12Beckett, George, lot 4.90Boyd, W H, lot 3.77Christopher, George, lot 3.77Corbin, Russ, lot "8.84Craig, J Lacy, lot 2.74Chinn, Wesley, lot 4.55Cross. Jane, lot 3.53Ferguson, Anna, lot . . 3.31Fields, Jim, lot '. 3.77Fields, Henry, lot 4.47Fields, George, lot 4.90Griggs, Watson, estate, lot 4.44Gaines, Sadie, lot 2.92Hubbard, Mollie, lot 4.54Holly, Eliza, estate, lot 3.31Harris, Tom, lot 6.35Hickman, Lula, lot 5.57Hitch, Carrie B, lot 2.74Judy, Mary Ann, lot 21.37Johnson, Maria, lot 2.18Johnson, Tom, lot 5.12Johnson, Eliza, lot 2. 18Jackson, Mary, lot. 1.62Kellis, Smith, lot 3.77Lindsey, heirs, lot 12.34Lattson, Tom, lot 5.54Mitchell, Mattie, heirs, lot ... . 2.18Monin, Nellie, lot 2.18Mickins, Eliza, lot 3.27Myers, Will, lot 6.02Mack, Andrew, lot 7.16Porter, George, lot 5.74Parker, Melria, estate, lot 5.57Riley. Polly, heirs, lot 2.18Simpson, Mattie, lot 3.31Stickney, Ellen, lot -. 4.76Turner, Horace, lot 6.34Tiffy, Sol, lot 2.75Thomas, Salile, lot 2.18Wilson, Josie, lot 9.73Wilson, Maggie, lot 1.67Williams, Amanda, lot, 3.53MILLERSBURG COLORED,Armstrong, Margaret, lot, M. & L.' pike ;.... 5.I3Allen. Geo., lot, Shippville 5.46Allen, Mollie, lot, Shipville 3.01Allen, .Frank, lot, .Slijppvttle 4.61Allen Heirs, lot, Millersburg 2.40Breckinridge, Dave, lot, Shippville 5.36Baker, Sarah, lot, Millersburg 2.40Clark, Lida, lot, Millersburg 2.40Clay, Amande, Est., lot, Millersburg 2.77Clark, Will, Tr. Rosa, lot, Shippville 1.73Clark, Carol, lot, Millersburg. . . . 5.36Dade, Frank, Jr., lot, Millersburg 4.60Green, Retta and Fannie, lot, Millersburg 4.26Hutchison. Enoch, lot, Millersburg 4.60Hughes. Lizzie, Est., lot. Millers-.burg 3.77Hillman, Maggie, lot, Millersburg 5.10January, Sarah, Est. , lot, Millersburg 2.40Jones,-John, Gdn.. lot, Millersburg 3.01Jones, Cassie, lot, Millersburg.... 1.73January. Lizzie, lot, Millersburg.. 1.79Mitchell, Nancy, Est., lot, Millersburg 3.06Mason, Dora, 2 lots, Millersburg 4.43Perry. Will. lot. Millersburg.... 3.99Parker, Fannie, lot, Millersburg. . 4.99Robinson. Maria, lot. Shippville.. 3.06Sharp, Sam, lot, Millersburg 3.67Thomas, Ada, lot, M. &L. pike.. 3.77Talbott, Lafe, Est., lot, Colville, pike 3.53Turner, Jane, lot, Millersburg 2.40Towles, Wilson, lot, Millersburg 3.77Wilson, Dave, lot, -Shippville 4.23Wilson; Jim, lot, M. & L. pike.. 5.73Wilson, .Smith, lot, Shippville.. 4.65Wilson, Belle, lot, Shippville 3.77FLAT HOCK-COLORED5.115.71Baker, Al, lot, Little Rock. . . .Collins, Rebecca, lot, String-townDudley, America, 40 acres nextHopkins 22.51Easton, Ed, lot, Little Rock .. 8.15Green, A J, 5 acres, nextBryant 10.18Grinstead, Rufus.-11 acres nextStrap 6.52Hughes, Bettie, 10 acres, nextRoseberry 7.80January, Wash, lot, next Soper 7.58Lee, Philip, 3 acres, next-Hor-ton 7.48Martin, Amelia, lot, Little Rock 2.40Parker, Alex, lot, Little Rock 6.71Sharp, Mose, heirs, 12 acres,next Gillispie 8.16Simpson, Patsey, lot, nextRodgers 5.11Williams, Frank, 8 acres, nextWilliams 9.11Williams, Harriett, lot, LittleRoc"k 2.28NORTH MIDDLETOWN COLORED.Black, Ellen, lot, Claysville : 3 06Childs Hrs., lot, North Middletown 4.13Cage, Margaret, lot, Claysville. . . 2.89Corn, John, lot, Kerrville 7.84Duncan, Frank, Ben, Jessie, lot,Kerrville 4.75Green, Tom, lot, North Middletown 4 48Green, Al, lot. North Middletown 9.71Hill, Amanda, lot, North Middle-town 3.52Hughes, Jim, lot, Claysville 3,99Jackson, Margaret, lot, NorthMiddletown ." 5.99Jones, Kate, lot, Claysville 4.43Keen, John, lot, North Middletown 12.02Mack, Bob, 2 a next Gibbs . . 10.15McClure, Frank, 1 a Kerrville. . 6.55Ranson, Bettie, lot, North Middletown 4.57Schooler, Jim, 9 a next Gay 10.79Scott, Mary, Hrs., 2- a Hill land 3.52Trumbo, Amanda, lot, Claysville 1.72Wilson, Sam, lot, Claysville 3.87CLINTONVILLE-COLORED.Brack, John, lot, Clintonville.... 4.65Evans, Gus, lot, Clintonville.... 6.11Henderson, Noah, lot, Clintonville 8.82Johnson, Emma, lot, Claysville.. 1.72Lawson, Anna, lot, Claysville.... 2.89Merriman, Dan, lot, Clintonville 5.71Miles, Eliza, lot, Claysville 2.40Taylor, Jas., lot, Claysville 3.871.605.732.572.285.37HUTCHISON COLOREDBrown, Ann, lot, Emensville.. 3,McCoy, Edith, lot, Monetrey. . 2.CENTERVILLE COLOREDBurl Pressilla, lot, Centerville 1Brown, Elijah, lot, CentervilleBishop, Bettie. lot, CentervilleGreen, Will, estate, next Shropshire 4.59Griffen, Margaret, lot, Jacksonville Lodge, F & A M, lot, CentervillePorter, John, heirs, 3 lots,Brentsville 3.52Radford, Joe, 2 acres land 5.49RUDDLES MILLS COLOREDAyers, Susan, lot, Ruckerville 2.28Blackburn, Sandford, lot, Ruckerville 5.72Bishop, John, estate, lot Ruckerville 2.40Finch, Bell, estate, lot, Ruckerville Finch, Charles, lot, RuckervilleGaines, Henry, lot, RuckervilleHarris, Alex, lot, RuckervilleHayes, John, 3 acres land,Georgetown pikeHitch, Henry, lot, RuckervilleJohnson, Ann, lot, RuckervilleJohnson, Julia, Est., lot, Ruckerville Johnson, Warren, Est., lot, Reuben Hill .Lee, Chas., lot, Ruddels MillsMedinger, Mary A., lot, Ruckerville Powell, Alice, lot, Ruckerville. .Stevenson, Will, lot, Rassenfoss..Thomas, Sam, lot, Ruckerviile . .Williams, Mary, lot, Coulthards..Wilson, Minnie, lot, Coulthards..4.154.096.026 0211.713.453.522.404.448.822.692.283.263.981.721.72Muddled.The lecturer arose and said Impressively: "Every time I see a youngman coming out of a saloon, I wantto go right up to that young man andBay, 'Turn right around, young man;you're goingYork Mail.the wrong way.-NewFrom "Old Slwash.""We are more frivolous in our college life than in our business," GeorgeFitch said. "Still, college life hasmade business what it is. Fraternities are a clearinghouse for ability andambition." Kansas City Star.s 7 -mmmmmJob PpintincjWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDv.Good Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!ah75E'TRE J9B R60fflS OFTHEBRBNNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS.sLETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOG ,POSTERS,and, in fact,, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.ALet us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.Che Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and- madeknown on application.fcuWiUUWiiikSmr-Iv.tiTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., DECEMBER 31, 1912m i- ini iMipf m "jfijy J I Brings' RLto0M 'All winter long -on the Zero .days and thewindy, blustering days the Perfection Smokeless Oil Heater gives them real solid comfort.It saves them many a cold and sickness for it easilywarms the rooms not reached by the ordinary heat.The Perfection Heater is made with nickel trimmings (plain steel or enameled turquoise-blue drums).Ornamental. Inexpensive. Lasts for years. Easilymoved from place to place.At Dealer EcerywhermSTANDARD OIL COMPANY(Incorporated in Kentucky)Louisville. Ky. Atlanta, Ga. Jackson, MUs.Birmingham, Ala. Jacksonville, Fla.Have opened a CoalI Rich Mountain Goal IKentucky Jem Coal II Last longer and furnishes ajgreater amount Iof heat than other coals IO. R. TURNER, IM Opp. Hotel Windsor Dow Building E. T. Phone 58aN sas i ii -GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALIER.BOTH'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 299.vmSpecial RatesLow RoundJTrip Homeseekers TicketsTo points in Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi, Arizona, Arkansas,Missouri, New Mexico, Oklahoma,Texas and Kansas on sale first andthird Tuesday of each month, returnlimit 25 days" from date of sale.Round trip Winter Touiistiickets toall principal winter resorts in theSouth on sale Oct. 15th to A pril 30th,1913, final return limit May 3lst, 1913.For further information, apply to- W. H. HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, T. A.Sam'l Kerslake& Son,Paris, - Kentucky.Horseshoeing,Machine Shop.Automobile Repairing ,.stfIYard at the Dow If You Want aGood SteakorRoastOrder Some of That HomeKilled Meats FromThe Butcher.Special Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther NoticeWe payl21-2c for greenbeef hides. Call us upor bring it to our place.MAX MUNICK,Sth-Street,. . PARI8, KYCall East Tenn, Phone 374Hargolei,Honor Roll Paris High School.DECEMBER REPORT OFPARISPUBLIC SCHOOLS.To the Board of Education,Paris, Ky.Gentlemen:As seems to be inevitable at thisseason of the year, the daily attendancehas fallen below the 667 of last month.That you may note the steady growthof the schools, will give the enrollmentand attendance of .December for thelast four years:In 1909, the December enrollmentwas 615, attendance 523.In 1910, the December enrollmentwas 654. attendance 543.In 1911, the December enrollmentwas 714, attendance 596.In 1912, the December enrollmentis 743, attendance 639.The colored schools have made greatprogress in order and efficiency andhave increased some in attendance.This month the enrollment is 348, theattendance 286, making a total enrollment in both schools of 1,091 and anaverage daily attendance of 925, nearly90 per cent of the enrollment.Scarcely a pupil who attends regularly is falling behind with his work.Would that parents would learn theimportance of prompt and regular attendance !Every department of both schools isin a flourishing condition, and a goodhonor roll follows:HONOR ROLL.GRADE I-C.Christine Sams 93, Madge Ingram 93,Mary Edna Rose 93, Blake Landers 90,Houston Owen 90, Bourbon Roebuck 90.GRADE I-B.Lucile Chipley 91, Martha MillerCollier 92, Edna Crawford 91, CatherineDuncan 91, Rebecca Purnell 91, LouvaAshburton 91, William Cook 92, JohnHughes 90, Layson Roberts 91.GRADE I-A.Charles Goodin 90, Leslie Fudold 92,Jack S. Johnson 90, Stanley Hardin 92,Caroline W. Wilmoth 93, Edna EarlBurns 91, Cornie Oliver 91, MinnieBuchanan 92, Catherine Joseph 91.GRADE II-B.Bessie Snapp 90, Edrie Cook 92,Bertha King 91, Ruth Wheeler 92,Thelma Payne 92, Dallie Lytle 92,Hamlet Collier 92, Crutcher Cnism 91,Katherine Woodard 90, Purnell Mastin91, Eddie Muncie 91, Elizabeth Lilieston 93, Carley Scott 90, Margaret Hill94, Christine Thomas 93, Wm. Collier92. ,GRADE II-A.Edward Paton 94, Paul Thompson 91,Ruby Lee Hall 90, Frances Burns 94,Keller Larkin 93, Clara Himes 94,Gayle Browne 91, Nannette Arkle 93,Hazel Shelton 93, Virginia Hancock 94,Thornton Ogle 90, Minnie Himes 90,Effie Barlow 92, Hiatt Hubbard 93.GRADE III-B.Mamie Cook 94, Fern Stone 93, CarlFields 93, Joseph Crawford 93, ElmerBurnett 93, Stella Turner 92, GenevaFitemaster 91, Venessa Lykins 91,Kathleen Lovell 90, Logan Westerfield90, Robert Teiry 90, Beulah Quinn 90,Louella Chaney 90. 'GRADE III-A.Isabel Atlas 92, Ralph Beecraft 90,Eva Chappell 94, Ann R. Duncan 94,John Lair 95, Herbert Myers 94,Hazel Myers 94, Charles Padgett 93,James Smith 90, Hilda Taylor 91,Katherine Wills 94,95.Nancy B. WilsonGRADE IV-B.Viola Ackman 92, Stanley Conner 90,Sidney Linville 94. Lillian Towler 91,Thelma Thomas 90, Virginia Thompson92, Mildred Brannon 90.GRADE IV-A.Alma Louise Goldstein 95, DorothyHarris 95, Geraldine Herrin 93, Jas.Arnsparger 93, Raymond Stamler 93,Rankin Mastm 95, Robt. Hall 92,Collins Hall 92, Tommy Hubbard 92,Margaret Ewalt 92, Hugh Scott 92,Mattie Whaley 92, Norbert Friedman91, Jim McClintock 90, Geneva Oliver90.GRADE V-B.Julian King 90, Oliver McCormick 91,Garland O'Neil 90, Dorothy Tingle 94. flGRADE V-A.Omar Denton 92, Elizabeth Snapp 92,Robert Burnett 91, Ann Meglone 93,Helen Lynch 92, Christine McCord 94,Olive Snapp 90, Helen Rippetoe 92,Clara Hartley 93, Aera Bishop 90,Ussery Taul 93, Lutie Crowe 91, ReneClark 90.GRADE VI-B.Katherine Hammons 90.GRADE VI-A.Elmeta Hinton 92, Madge Taylor 94,Martha Settle 95, Ida Mae Anderson 92,Helen Cain 90, Amanda Davis 91, Palmer Myers 91, Stanley Rule 90, Preston Bales 93, Eugene Lair 93, StanleyRichards 91, Sarah Traylor 91.GRADE VI1-A.Maude Taylor 98, Clarence Buchanan98, Vernita Baldwin 95, E. L. Burley95, Blanche Chapman 94, ElizabethClark 92, Ruby Elder 96, Allecn Ewalt90, Clair Hamilton 92, Edith Harper 90,Nora Hartley 90, Fannie Heller 96, InaMattox 91, Bessie Newman 94, EdnaSnapp 91, Gertrude Welch 90, ValletteMcClintock 93, Mabel Templin 92, Clifton Arnsparger 90, Luther Bishop 94,Russell Clayton 91, Elmer Doty 93,Harold Hufnagel 92, Forrest Letton 93,C. B. McShane 94, Leonard Tully 91,John Clay 96, Turney Clay 92.GRADE VIII.Elmer McCord 90, Mayme Flanders91, Thomas Parker 92, Raymond Connell 92, Albert Lavin 92, Gladys Snapp92, John T. Redmond 94, Sallie Crowe94, Minnie Kiser 94, Frances Settle 94,Fithian Arkle 95.HIGH SCHOOL.FRESHMAN.Emmitt Curtis 91, Elizabeth Kenney92, Bess Sweeney 94, Evelyn Friedman96, Charlina Ball 90, Edith Hancock 90.SOPHOMORE. .Grace McCord 92, Robert Mitchell 90,Joseph Lynch 91, Dennis Snapp 90,Lina Crowe 94, Raymond Link 92,Gertrude Slicer 91.' JUNIORS.Ruth Lair 90, Ruth Chambers 93,Gertrude Turpin 90, Beatrice Chapman 91, yayne Cottingham 95, EdwardMyall 98, Eli Friedman 99, JosephLetcher 95, Malvina Sharon 90, SelloWollstein 94.SENIOR.Earl Dickerson 98, Maud t Fitzpatrick92, G. C. Thompson 96, Clara Chambers95, Olive Taul 96.COMMERCIAL DEPARTMENT.Mary Brannon 93, Margaret Taylor90, John Burns 90, Lina Crowe 90,Eugene Elder 92, Ellen Henry 91,Katherine Kenney 91, Robert Mitchell95, Grace McCord 96, Gertrude Slicer !94, Ruth Chambers 97, Wayne Cottingham 91, Eli Friedman 98, MelvinaSharon 93, Gertrude Turpin 94, SelloWollstein 91, Earl Dickerson 97.The honor roll in High School issmall this month as a number of students were out of school at work andwill not take their tests until schoolopens.Low Round Trip Holiday FaresVia'Q. C.Tickets on sale December 13, 14, 17,19, 20,21, 22, 23 24, 2t and 31. 1912,andJanuary 1, 1913. Apply to nearestticket agent, Queen and Crescent routefor full information.W. A. BECKLER, G. P. A.,Cincinnati, O.A"Des Moines man had an attack ofmuscular rhematism in nis shoulder.Afriend advised him to go to HotSprings. That meant an expense of$150 or more. He sought for a quicker and cheaper way to cure it andfound it in Chamberlain's Liniment.Three days after the first applicationof this liniment he was well. Forsale by all dealers.' A La Mode."What was the chief food of the"woodchoppers in whose camp youpent your vacation?" "Pork and potatoes, served in the form of chopsand chips." Christian Science Monitor. When you have a bilious attack giveChamberlain's Tablets a trial. Theyare excellent. For sale by all dealers.Daily Thought.A man should never be ashamed toown he has been in the wrong,which is but saying, in other words,that he is wiser today than he waiyesterday. Pope.1 If you are troubled with chronicconstipation, the mild and gentle effectof Chamberlain's Tablets.makes themespecially suited to your case For saelby all dealersAll He Was Interested In.Mother "What do you think youwill make out of my daughter's talent?" Professor "About $2 a lesson,if the piano holds out." Stray; Stories, Moveon Nowsays a policeman to', a street .crowd,and whacks heads if it don't. "Moveon now," says the big, harsh mineralpills to .bowel congestion and sufferingfollows. Dr. King's New Lite Pillsdon't bulldoze the bowels. They gently persuade them to right action, andhealth follows. 25 cents atOberdorfer's.i SDetch In Marble.Rodin sayB of the antique .master-pieces: They "speak to me louder,move me more, than human beings.In its turn, may the new century meditate upon these marvels, and may ittry to, ascend to them through Intelligence ard love." . .,We wish to call Jyour attention tothe fact that most infectious diseasessuch as whooping cough, diphtheriaand scarlet fever are contracted whenthe child has a cold. Chamberlain'sCough Remedy will quickly cure a coldand greatly lessen the danger of contracting these diseases. This remedyis famous for its cures of colds. Itcontains no opium or other narcoticand may be given to a child with implicit confidence. Sold by all dealers.Remarkable Recovery.Capt. Marion Lowe, a retired railroad engineer, living on a farm "southof Falmouth, was stricken with paralysis last summer and was sent to theCincinnati Hosmtal and was treated bythe best specialist in Cincinnati forthree monthswhen he was sent homeslightly improved. After arrivinghome he did not improve any, butseemed to gradually lose his strength.Finally he got so he could not walkaround. Before he was stricken withthe disease he was an ardent memberuf the Methodist church and devotedmuch of his time to Sunday schoolwork and persuading young men toturn toward the church.A week ago one of his neighborswent to his doctor for medicine forhim, and when it was given to him hethrew it into the fire and said he wouldnot take any more medicine but wouldtrust the Lord to cure him. He wentto bed and woke up next morning cured, he claims, and went to work on thefarm, and has been working every daysince his recovery.Makes the Nation Gasp.The awful list of injuries on aFourth of July staggers humanity. Setover against it, however, is the wonderful healing by Bucklen's ArnicaSalve, of thousands, who sufferedirom burns, cuts, bruises, bulletwounds or explosions. Its the quickhealer of boils, ulcers, eczema, sorelips or piles. 25 cents at Oberdorfer's. Curtis&,OverbyBusiness' Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths atJAIIHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public PatronageJSolicited. LUNG DISEASE"After four in our family had diedof consumption I was taken witha frightful cough and lung trouble,but my life was saved and I gained87 pounds through usingDR. KING'SNEWDISCOVERYW.B. Patterson, Wellington, Tex.PRICE Iff art tf. MATTDrive Away HappinessTona Vita Will Quickly DriveAway Nervous TroublesPeople who are'fallj run down inhealth, who are worn out, nervous andhalf sick, are apt to,be thoroughly discouraged. They are half hearted, listless and depressed and feel that thisis a terrible world with many pains init an few pleasures.This state of mind is recognized byphysicians as a common symptom ofnervous debility.If you are one of the many Americans who are suffering' with nervousbreakdown or nerve exhaustion, youcan get back your old health and spirits in a few weeks time. Go to yourdzuggist and obtain a bottle of TonaVita. This remarkable tonic is helping thousands back to health and itwill not fail in your case. In fact, itneverjfails. You will be astonishedhow quickly it will build you up bothm mind and body.Tona Vita is sold by Cfaas. E. Butler&Co.Professional CardsJ J. WELLIAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Zoom 1 Elks Buildine.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY. 'Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones f1ResidenceE. T. 334.( Home 334.DR. A. U' KELLER,Practicing Physiciak,Offices, Rooms 4j and 5, Elk's Bids;.Paris - - KentuckyNEW -BARBER -SHOP!Windsor Hotel.Modern EquipmentPolite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty;CARL CRAWFORDLOSTOn Wednesday nijrbt between sayhome on Duncan avenue and ENcsBuilding a pair of loss white kHStoves. Finder pleeee m&td tMRS. HARRY B. CLAYNervousroubles508THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DECEMBER 3t, 1QI2im,"!',iV.'iUVIUfI;r',lv :471it.Pi1 Jt4! 'irli .Vf;i:-t'i 1n'L'-,'1''. Hktf4 4S;rMILLEISBURG ITEMS.Miss Nettie Hurst is spending theholidays at Bowling Green.1 Mrs. Rcy Endicott was the guestThursday and Friday of relatives inCarlisle.Mr. Claude Whaley and son. of Beth1, are with the former's mother, Mrs.Mary Whaley.Squire E. P. Thomason, who was injured in a runaway accident, is able tosit up a little.Mr. E. C. Hawkins has returnedfrom a several weekB business trip toWarrensburg, Mo.Mrs. Turner Perry, of Owingsville,is visiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Thos. McClintock.Mr. C. E. D. Tackett has closed hisbutcher shod. He says business is insufficient to continue longer.- Mr. C. W. Carrington, who has beenconfined to his home for several dayswith the grip, is improving.Mrs. Chas. Martin entertained anumber of her lady friends Friday afternoon, and a number of the youngpeople Friday evening in honor of hersister, Miss Lula Oney, cf Lexington.D. E. Clarke & Co. have purchasedthe livery barn of Mr. S. C. Carpenter, nd wi.l use same for a warehouseto store hardware, and at the sametime operate a light delivery business.They take posession about the middleof January.The following are snending part of-the holidays here : Miss Alice Ingels,Eminence, with her cousin. Miss Elizabeth Ingels; Mr. Russell Caldwell,Helena, with his aunt, Mrs. J. C.Leer; Mrs. Mattie Hawes. Chicago,111., with her mother, Mrs. America'Btitler.Merchants enjoyed a good Christmas trade here. While the trade wasnot as heavy as on Christmas eve, asordinarily there was a decidedly muchnetter advanced trade.Amity Lodge No.' 40. F. & A. M ..-held its regular election Friday evening. Therewas a good attendancei present and a special program wasprepared for the occasion. The or.ierof the evening after the general rour-" 1rCard of ThanksWe extend our sincere thanks to the peopleof Paris and Bourbon County for their liberalpatronage.We wish you one and all a Happy and prosperous New Year.We are now offering great values in shortlines in Holiday Footwear.Buy now, while the picking is good, as thiswill not last long at this great price reduction.'. 4'-MJQf.HU..-:- -tine of businessame a special nrfcgram, consisting of five short addressas follows: "The Duty of Masons inthe Lodge," R. M. Caldwell; "TheDuty of Masons Out of the Lodge,"W. A. Butler; "Ancient Craft Masonry," 0. R. Rankin; "The Duty of theMembership," W. V. Shaw, Responseby Dr. W. M. Miller. After this thefollowing officers were elected: W.A. Butler, W. M. ;J. B. Cray, S. W. ;E. F. Peterson, J. W. ; W. V. Shaw,Secretary; Aaron McConnell, Treasurer; J. H. Linville, Chaplain. Thefollowing Deacons were then appointed: Senior Deacon, O. R. Rankin;Junior Deacon, E. C. Hawkins. TheStewards and committees will benamed the first meeting night, January 7, at which time all the officerswill be installed. After the electionthe Lodge repaired to the banquethall on the first fioor.Jwhere lunch wasserved. The members then returnedto the temple where a smoker'was enjoyed and a;number of short addressesmade. ,The hardware fiim of Miller & Bestwill shortly undergo a change in management, Mr.fJ. A. Miller retiring andMr. E. C. Hawkins taking his place.The new firm will be known hereafteras Best and Hawkins. Mr. Miller isone of the oldest and best known business men in Millersburg, having beenidentified with the business interestsof our town for more than half a century. He has been a pronounced success in life, nothwithstanding thefact that he has met with some re-l verses. ie has reacnea trie iourtnscore milestone and is in fairly goodhealth. He proposes to spend his remaining days in retirement.The followimr letter has been received from Mr. Julian Adair, whofor the past several weeks has been exhibiting his thoroughbred chickens inseveral of our prominent cities. Wetake the liberty of publishing it as itwill be of interest to his many friends :"In view of fthe fact of it beingChristmas and also after such a beatiner as we have given the largest ofthefOrpington exhibitors, I am sendingyou a list of my winings here in Louisville, this week. In competition withCook, The Originator, Owens larmsand others, they did not get a singlefirst nor second prize, while I landedthd'm all ; first and xhird hen, first cockrel, third and fifth cockrel, fourth andfifth pullet, fourth and fifth hen, andsilver cup given by our country."DAN COHEN" i...ryi; '. 7; ",- : . ?--... n.- J!,V 5-vMrs. VV. V. Shaw is the guest of herm other, Mrs.' Harding, at Butler.The postoffice will be closed 'on Wednesday, New Years Day, after 9 :30 a.m.Mr. Jos. Moffett, of Colorado, is theguest af his biother, M. A. T. Moffett. Mr. Sherley Tate, of Morristcwn,Tenn., is the guest of Miss 'WillieBenton. ,Mr. and Mrs. M.'.C. GrimeH are visitine relatives at Owingsville andSharpsburg.Mr. Wm. Peed, of Lexington, wasthe guest of his brother, Mr. J. J.Peed, last week.Miss Sadie Clark returned to Escondida Saturday after spending fethe holidavs at home.Mrs. Thos. McClintock who has beenconfined to her home for the Dast.weekwith grip is some better.Rev. Wilhoit, of Brooksville,preached at the Baptist church Sunday morningand evening.Mrs. TurnerTPerry and sister. MissAnna James McClintock. were guestsof Mr. and Mrs. W. G." McClintock inParis Stmday.Mrs. G. R. Dean will entertain thisevening a number of the young people,the occasion being to meet her cousin,Miss Tolcott, of New York.The M. F. C. and M. M. I. will reopen Friday, January 3. The studentbody'is expected to be ready for studyhere Thursday night.Mr.fJ. P. Auxier began the erectionof a blacksmith shop in Judyville Monday. It will be occupied by Robt.Madden, colored, when completed.Tayior &Bowling will take possession of the'Johnson & Madden blacksmith shop Wednesday. Mr. Fightmaster will have charge of J:he lowershop.Mr. Sylvester Long will deliver alecture at tho M. F. C. chapel on Monday. January 6 at 7 pnm. This is thesecond number of the Lyceum courseand is under the auspices of the Y. W.C. A. of the college. General admission 25 cents ; reserved seats' 35 cents.Season tickets for the remaining threenumners can be bought now for SI.The last three are the best of thecourse.i!: air. 'ytx ,.V V.Local Parcels Post Opened Jan. 1.The local Dostoffice will open tomorrow under the new parcels post lawand Postmaster Moore with his forceare making extensive preparations forhandling this class of matter.Many inquiries are being made concerning the official parcels post mapissued by the Postothce Department.For the benefit of the public the information is given that an official parce'apost rnap'is issued by the Postoffice DeDartment. For the benetfi of the public the information is given that anofficial parcels post guide togetherwith acoDy of the parcels post regulations, effective January 1, 1913, maybe purchased from the postoffice department. Any person desirous ofthis information should remit a moneyorder for seventy-five cents to thechief clerk, Postoffice Department,Washington, D. C, tor which he willreceive the map and guide and a copyof the regulations.It is not necessary to have thesemaps and regulations to send parcelspost packages. The information willbe furnished at any of the substationsor at the main office. But those.whowill have a considerable parcels postbusiness to do might find it more convenient to have them.Distinctive parcels post stamDsfmustbe used on all fourth class matter andsuch matter bearing ordinary postagestamps will be treated as "held forpostage." All parcels will be mailable only at the postoffice or presentedto?a rural carrier or other carrier dulyauthorized to receive such matter. Nobranch offices of the local postofficewill be estabished in this city for theweighing or receiving of parcels. ?Allparcels must bear a return card of thesender, otherwise they will be acceptedfor mailing,POINTS ABOUT PARCELS POST.The new parcel post goes into operation Januaiv 1, 1913.Only mail matter now included infourth class or merchandise, will behandled.Perishable articls, such as butter,lard, fruits, berries and dressed fowlsmay be sent shore distances.Eggs for local delivery when packedin containers may be sent any distance. Fresh meats may bs sent only in thefirst zone, 50 miles.There are no restrictions on salted,dried or cured meats or fiesh.Millinery, toys, musical instruments,glassware and all breakable good"must be marked "fragile."The following may not be sent: Intoxicating liquors, poisons, matches,explosives, firearms and live poultry.Books and printed matter are included in third class and may not besent.The weight limit will be elevenpounds.To find the size limit: Take a pieceof Btring 72 inches long and wind itonce completely around the parcel andthen across the top lengthways. If theends of the string reach the sides ofthe parcel it comes under the limitRegular cariers will deliver parcelswherever Dnssible.Parcels must be mailed at the postoffice or branches and special stampsmust be used.FOR SALESixty thousand good second handcleaned brick. Will sell cheap. Applyto GEORGE RASSENFOSS.524 3t Paris. Ky.New Art Store!I have opened an ArtStore next to Mrs. M. A.Paton. New anvd fresh .stock of all kinds offancy workEmbroidery,Pillow Cases,Towels,, Underwear,Waists, Etc.Novelties of all KindsStamping Done on ShortNotice Everythingguaranteed to be thebest. :::::::mrs.tU.OoardNATIONAL5c and 10c StoreThe Largest Display ofTOYSIn the City of Paris,AT LOWEST PRICES,Also Many Handsome Pres-ents for the Older Folks.If You Want Presentsat Bargains, Visit Our StoreJuniors Elect Officers.At the regular meeting Thursdaynight the Bourbon Council No. 127Junior Ordr UnitedJAraericsn Mechanics elected the following officers:Councilor S. M. Tumin;Vice Councilor Gtorge McCandles ;Recoiding Secretary C, W. Perkins;Assistant Secretary Carl Lenox;Financial Secretary Thos.- Dykes;Treasurer T. M. Funk ;Conductor Leslie SnappJWarden--nHarry Hill;lnsideSentinel J. H. Spratt;Outside Sentinel James Fitzpatrck;Trustees Harry Hill, George McCandles Chaplain J. P. Myers.The installation will take place thefirst meeting night in January.Masonic' Officers Elected.The annual election of officers 'ofParisLodge No. 2. .was freld at theregular meeting of the order-Fridaynight resulting as follows:Worshipful Master J. Sam Martin.Senior Warden Fred Frendberg.Junior Warden A. H. Keller,treasurer M H. Dailey.Secretary M. II. H Davis.The following officers .were appointed :Senior .Deacon Reuben. Hutchcraf t.Junior Deacon H. B. Fithian. f 'Senior and Junior - StewardsMitchell Jackson and Douglas Thomas,Jr. ' -Tyler John Mastin;After tne felection the membersrepaired to the basement of ,rthe courthoused where an1 elaborafe menu wasserved.Supervisors Appointed.Judge Denis Dundon has announcedthe appointment ot the following toact as supervisors for the taxableproperty of Bourbon county :Paris George Rassenfoss andB. M.Renick.Little Rock S. R. Burris.Clintonville George Morrow.Hutchison E. P. Clay brook.Centerville Sidney Ardery.Kiserton W. G. Talbott. rThe board of supervisors will begintheir labors on Monday, January 6.fCould Folly Go Further?A very small dog created a greatstir in the streets of Paris a few daysago. A bijou pet dog was seen in theChamps Elysees with a lady. It waswearing indiarubber boots laced highup the leg, ear protectors, goggles toshield his eyes from cold or mud, anda raglan overcoat lined with thickflannel and provided with a pocketfrom which projected a tiny handkerchief with a monogram.'Mrs. Pendleton(Formerly with J. L. Watson, Lexington, Ky.)-MODISTECatering to High-Class TradeFORStreet and Evening Gowns,Blouses and ShitsPrivate Shop opened in fourth floor over Embry &Co. 's store, Mr. Brown, an experienced tailor, will havecharge of all tailored work.Outside materials made up until our own stock is received. - . . .,.' Your Orders Solicited.M-ts. PendletonOver Embry & Co.(Take Elevator)IIw3i-I Don't Strain Your EyesUse ElectricityLamps that give insufficient light, or fightof poor quality are harmful and dangerousto the delicate optic nerves of both 'adults 'and children. Can you afford to take suchbig chances? Better let us wire your home -foryou under our Special House-WiringProposition. We have wired a large number of houses in Paris during the pasttwo-montns, and have met with such successthat we are going to run this AT COST campaing for another thirty days. -We thinkyou'll be sorry it you don't take advantageof it. Talk it over with our represenative.' JParis Gas & -Electric Co.; 7 iv CamtiP and Manners. .'' Pitt.jwa oqo "canvassing for hiaelf, wn he. came to a blacksmithshop. "Sir" said Jie to th blasmith, "will you favor me -witn yo tvote?" "Mr. Pitt," said the sonjVulcan, "I admire your head, Ihang your heart" "Mr. Blacksmithsaid Pitt, "I admire your candor, 1hang your manners."' Matter of Doubling.Oliver Wendell Holmes" was a cla !mate of Doctor Clarke at Harvard, allaccording to the reminiscences 01 tlatter, the Autocrat of the BreakftTable was as witty then as lat(One day the two were "talkingmetaphysics, when the bright-tongmjliltle great man exclaimed, 'TIL tt:you, James, what I think metaphysics)is like. Itislike a -man splitting alJog. When it' is done he has two!more to split!LOSTOn Wednesday nijzht between mjhome on Duncan avenue and ElkBuildmg a nair of long white kigloves. Finder please return toMRS. HARRY B. CLAY.Public Sah.OF.House & LoI will offer for sale at public amtion onSaturday, January 11, 191at two o'clock p., m., on the premimy four room cottage, lot 40x126 flocated on Virginia avenue. HousDractically new and is in good repProspective buyers are welcome "come and inspect property.TERMS One third cash, balanceone and two years. Lien to be retaied on property.MRS. MOLLY MOORE.Paris, KGeorge D. Speakes, Auctioneer.iKjDAN COHEN1.National 5g and 10g StonWatch OurWindows.y a Incorporated"A Booster For Paris.'2oLiS.A.: " 3-. .7sVV