THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERT TUESDAY AlTD FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MAY 21, 1912tototo&&tototototototototototome Difflon uepi aiore.Sweeping Reductions onCoats, Suits, Skirts, Dresses and Millinery forLadies, Misses, Children.LTbe Simon Department Store,Paris, KentuckyJ4r9?vlFor People Whowant to Live Welland Save Money,See LENIHAN.16 lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.003 lb can Asparagus 20c2 cans good Corn 15cNavy Beans, per lb 6c3- tie Broom .; 35c4- tie Broom or Parly Queen 45c10 bars Cardinal Soap 25cThe best Coal Oil, per gallon 1 OcBLUE RIBBON FLOUR25-gb Sack SOc50-lb Sack $1 .601 OO-lb Sack . , $3.20T. C. LENIHAN,Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234fVf(isHarrell Will Manage Paris Club.Manager Joe Lewis, of the Parisclbu, was last night given his uncond.tional release by the Paris club an1Danny Harrell, who plaved with thepennant winners last season was appointed as his scucessor. Pete Wood,of the Ditching staff of the Bourbonites, was also given his release alongwith Lewis.Today Harrell will assume themanagement ot tht local aggregationand will Dilot them on their trip to'Fiankfort, where the Paris team willplay its first game under the new leader. The present season lis the secondyear Harrell has been on the Bourboniie roster, last season playing at shbrtwith the local aggregation and hiswork in this position was prominent inmany a battle in which the Bourbonites participated. He is well-knownthroughout the circuit as one of thehardest and most consistent ball players in the league, a fast fielder and amost reliable hitter.The effort sof Lewis have been anything, but satisfactory to the localmanagement and fans, and the listlessspirit which he has displayed in thepast few games prompted the actionwhich resulted in his release. SinceWoods has been with Paris he hasshowed poor form and in the contestsin which he has participated he did notcome up. to expectations.The Paris management willstrengthen the pitching staff and improve in other departments with aview of giving Paris a (earn which willbe second to none on the circuit andone that will be put in the runningwhen the season closes. With Harrell at the helm, and with his superiorknowledge of the game, the dreams of athird pennant should be realized.rr"WE KNOW HOW"Notice to Democrats of BourbonCounty.Notice is hereby given that a CountyConvention will be held at the CountyCourt roouj at the Court House, inParis, Kentucky, on Saturday afternoon, May 25, 1912. at 2 o'clock, for thepurpose of selecting delegates to theDemocratic State Convention, to beheld at Louisville, Ky., on May 29,1912.jfor the purpose of selecting delegates to lenresent Kentucky at theDemocratic National,Convenlion to beheld in Baltimore, Md., on June 2,1912; for the purpose of selecting aDemocratic candidate for President andVice-Pr?sident, to be voted for at -theNovember election, 1913.C. C. CLARKE,Chairman Bourbon County Democratic Committee.ji:. --t.IJJO 'TATTED CALF" for theProdigal Son, but we do offercomfort and satisfaction to theprodigal clothes-buyer.5wThose who have spent riotously in thepast for bothCustom-Made andReady-to-Wear Clothesand have not found satisfaction will he surprised at the satisfaction they will find in ourready-for-service garments Not only theprice, but the -perfect fit and wearing qualitieswill surprise you.Mitchell & Blakemore,Suggestions. 'La Valliers, Bon Paris, Vanitees, Colognes, Jewel Cases. Suggestion to give a fairgraduate. Shire & Fithian.Frankfort Chosen for Next Meeting.The Kentucky State Association ofRailway Surgeons, after selectingFrankfort as the place for their nextannual meeting, and electing officers,concluded its two-days' meeting inLexington. Dr. Yandell Roberts, ofLouisville, was chosen president; Dr.VV. O. Bullock, of Lexington, firstvice-president : Dr. G. D. Murrell ofPaducah, second vice-president; Dr. J.B.' Kinnaird, of Lancaster, secretary ;and Dr. C. H. Vaught, of Richmond,treasurer and editor of the Journal.Ciab Orchard made a lively fight forthe 1913 meeting, but it was finallygiven to Frankfort. The exact dateof the meeting next May was notnamed.The XTRAGOOD LabelMakes Satisfaction Sure.- Sailor, Russian and Junior suits, pretty cheviots,worsteds and serges, newest combinations for Springwear, large graceful collars,., silk ties, trousers lined.Most artistic designs on themarket, 2 1-2 to 10years . $5.00Boys' two-piece doublebreasted and Norfolk suits,plain two-piece suits withfull lined "knickers;" alsoNorfolk and ' ' knicker ' 'trousers; new Spring styles,large variety of styles andchecks. A very ' popularstvle lor this season, durable serge linings. AllmkIIP1111fmBoots, Oxfords and Pumps.Plenty of white Newbuck boots forladies, also oxfords and pumps, nowon sale at Fells' Shoe Store. tfCOTS FOR CONCLAVE.Place your final order forcots and bedding not laterthan Thursday noon, May 23Roxie Davis.iOutfitters to MenParis, KentuckygUKIH ! Ill 1 1! 1 1 1 1 1 1IXII IIXTIIXI 1 1 ! 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 II 1 1 ! 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 3 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 II 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 II 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 J 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 II 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 U 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 4FRANK oc CThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.1-2 Irioe SaleOFLadies' Sailor HatsHaving: closed out two large lines ofLadies' Sailors we -are enabled to offerNew and Up-to-date Styles of SailorHats at 1-2 the Original Price. - - -'TRAG001the style and appearance of much higher-pricedclothing; sizes 7 to 17 years $7.50price & 60. dotniersIPHImm"Bob" Anderson is Indicted.The Scott county cranri jury in session at Georgetown returned an indictment Saturday against R bsrt HAnderson, chairman of the Scottcounty Democratic commitlee. chare:ing him with falsely and knowing!"certifying to the election retjrns inthe Democratic primary, hel I July1911. at which nominations for UnitedStates Senator, Governor and otherState officers was made. This is thethird investigation of the case, thegrand jury last November and aga nin February, which took up ti.einvestigation of the charges, failing toreturn any indictments.In November when tne matter wasunder investigation by the grand jury,it was found that several'ballot bor.esfrom various voting precincts in thecity of Georgetown were missing. ;antiChairman Anderson was ordered bythe court to produce them, but failingto do so he was ordered sent to jail fortwenty-four hours for contempt ofcourt. After remaining locked up f jrone hour, he was released, just as habeas corpus proceedings were beingprepared to be taken before CircuitJudge Kerr, at Lexington.The indictment of Chairman Anderson, who was formsrlv Mavor of! Gorgetown and formerly Representative from Scott county in the Kentucky Legislature ,has casued a sensation. The accused Droraptly gave bond,.for his apDearance in Circuit CourtLadies' and Misses SuitsAT GREAT PRICE REDUCTIONS$25.00 SUITS NOW$22.50 SUITS NOW$20.00 SUITS NOW$15.00 SUITS NOW$J5.00$12.50$11.75$9.75f5. 1These are This Seasons' Styles, All ColorsBlazers and Nor folks, WhitSP. K. and Corduroy Skirts,Just Received. -Inspection Invited.Frank & Co.Paris, - ; KentuckySMimnmumiHirnnu ptoi933( when thu case comes up. for trial.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY, 21, 19129Tk in'LibWEAK,' DISEASED MENE'ab!ised iv:; Y.A T ?'."... a. , .Xi.IEN. (ZsiabKsned 1892)There is n!solutx-ly ii r - . ". rwiulM'jf'iin onr-ccf treatment Iive for eat-lt f tice&tment evci y :tV. j t .. n. ; :--, f -r .it-v Tjrglnning ray. tIbS..'s tIIvTi:ji.);ii : ?!; 'b"li never returns.. )r; Mr-r-vroCURES7hd Eizry Cured7Xr. O. X.. Doll aii. .1 1 i-Lt I -:IA r've jr. --- - . . fi:-.::'. : if not, I Trill noti.- oCi't jti:r i. c.jty r: t ... y:ni2; for you. Jhe bestreici vMu. I -t-tii i - i i . i.'.; xtlrabiHty arc the manyt j.'- i. ! ;-t.A.-. i ti - . .u-u proves that my treat.U. " " r Vt'fTnoUT A cent andAY I i c i ih?w.ce to provo I can cure,tt..i;i. ., r . .t ; .. n 'i . i i futzaer. i- i":"JVr?-:t. IWtor rncl COSTS YOUs0-. .lo.' . a v i-ii.pr, iv'an ivuil satiliud to pay me.Llit'. li. lihAi r- .F Ytl.'JClI I HJVK CUREDv-o i.fY r-vi::- '''viioii failed to iusceivis aloodPoisoi Skin Discs:-:: Vi2:L?!ind3,:SeTVOUS' I&8h, Sore Mouili t r Thr t, .. . i 1Sdfe".rf.lV s .-'V r 1 Varicose EnlargementSpots, Klieumatie l:i:it., ,.czgement-:- I ti. ity, huuchy, twisted, worm-like"vt t -'i:i:jit: vi vuijs, iu.u uiu.'U on leu siae,JNervousness, -..jiiwu-cr.iToilin rr "rTrol c r v " " ' v ' ' Symptoms Arhing nv Pain in Groin or-r dl-U.i-li XJ.L-o.XLl-, ... .- in r N r OtlMH'Sr, "WealmeBS, X.OB8 OfMemory, Loss of h.a-vt I r- : t..e ....l.tv, Lack of Ambiiiou.iSSftoS 1 cu"' Taricosc Ealargement by one3f iSv . "1 1-eHtment in no visit, without a severeIilyETctedfit.tJe8 a. ig.:tar-n.,e mrjricnl orcrntii n rr suffering, or keepingof the symptoms that d strv mitmt. ,1. .r,.....,.',:,, &vmiaijiiv cxva xx-i. . A -n:, 0 Itrninpr, Bdrnlnsrnicooeoc Obsiructinn, M ra.i.irpr, -i-ttlLC L'lJ-jjwolUfti: andjLj.av.cu3-t3 Tain m ILick, U.:'d. ir 3:lit tunatlfm.COXSULTATrON" AVH KXVttlXATIorr. ATrit- Frci BooTc, -aestiou.I get my Charge, Tortus, Viax of Care and. r.;ll Inforjnation IfliEE.IFBEEJilank: andAddress or call cam.Q. L DOLLE, VIcr.-S?cdajt, 525 WALNUT STREET,Between .1th and f'lh A-",nn,c,(Near ITountaixi Si.; C iuciiia;iii, C.SIGN THIS COUPONL book Tci:;:.T. nO.M.r A. n.. M P., -23 Halnut Strret, Clneln-nitl, f... Pl-n.- -rinl mi' free une of your booksVital Ktct f- Mon;" Qhl-s'Iob Blank, u I deilre1 iiv:ribs mr civ tn jou lor tue purpose of takingi-':iiTt, if I J!t(i-! v"u oun cure me and jouran low: esuLh u iu.:r--.no. .................. ....Tri-State.Bourbon LaundryD AVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice.A P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking wTork enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Bourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky.to0Three Kinds of Men.There are three kinds of men in theTorld those (the best) who makejokes, those who can enjoy jokes, andthose (the worst kind) who attempt toexplain jokes. G. K. Chesterton, inLondon Daily News.Avoiding Temptation. 'What you ought not to do, do notthink about doing. Pythagoras.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclapp barbers. 13 tfTHE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .2.00 Six Months. .1.00Payable in AdvanceEntered at Postoffice- at Paris, Ky.,as mail master of the second classADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype", 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.Conspiracy to Increase Salaries.Upontheir return from Somerset toLexington, Friday, State FireMarshal G. C. B sworth and 1m assistant, J. J. Peel, related that indictments against Henry G. Waddle.Kobert Warren, and John Dunn hadbeen returned by the Pulaski CountyGrand Jury, and that these men arecharged with burning and entering into a conspiracy'with each other to burnproperty in Somerset.Waddle is Chief of bct'i tie policeand the tire department of Somersetand the other men are policemen, whohave also served as firemen. MarshalBosworth said that Waddle, as thechief of the two departments had anarrangement with the city of Somerset where by he and the men underhim in the fire department were to beallowedso much per run to fires insteadof regular salaries, and that the conspiracy was hatched to increase theirpay.Bosworth said that since he has beenin office Chief Waddle had neglected toreport fires as required by law, andthat upon investigation he lound thatthere had recently been eighteen firesin Somerset of incendiary origin. Witnesses, he said, were found who testified to seeing John Dunn in the act ofsetting fire to two houses belonging toMrs. Alice Jones.Bosworth further said that it wasbrought out before the crand jury thatChief Waddle made a practice of urging propery owners to take out insurance, telling them that something mighthappen. There are two counts againsteach of the accused. Dunn is chargeddirectly with setting fire to the housesat the instigation of the other two.The accused make strong denial ofguilt.fioebel Monument.Chas. H. Niehaus. the New Yorksculptor, engaged to execute a bronzefigure of the late William Goebel, tobe placed on the grounds ol the newState Capitol, is in Frankfort, conferring with the Sinking Fund Commissioners relative to the location of thestatuejjn the grounds.iBEMISiITRANSPLANTERSiii9iiiiiiAnyone who has used the BEMIS TRANSPLANTERand then used another can appreciate the difference inthe work done. The floating shoe, positive valveaction, all steel frame, and the work done are itsfeatures.Give us your order now so you will be sure ofgetting one,YERKES & PRIOHARDBoth 'Phones 66II(IJ.The Railway Casualty List.During the three months of October,November and December, 1911. thenumber of railway casualties in theUnited States was 22,682. The number of persons killed was 2,726, and thenumber injured was 19.956. Thesefigures are given in the quarterly accident bulletin issued by the InterstateCommerce Commission.Out of this large total only fortyeight passengers were killed, two ofthese having been passengers onfreight trains. As is usually the case,there was heavy fatality among railway employes, 850 of these havingbeen killed while in the performanceof their duties, and seventy-six losingtheir lives while not on duty. Morethan half of the entire number killedwere Jof the class described by thecommission as "trespassers," thenumber of such fatal casualties being1.419. "Other persons not trespassurs" were killed to the number of 303,and three of the killed were 'personscarried "under agreement or contract."It will thus be seen that the "trespassers," as is generally the case.head the mortality list, these beingDersons who are killed at crossings or.while walking on the railway tracks.Of the persons injured the great bulkwere railway employes, hut the number of "trespassers" who sustainedinjuries was almost as large as thenumber who lost their lives, as 'out ofthe 19.956 injured 1,335 were "trespassers. When.it is remembered thata large . nronortion of such accidentsresult in damage suits against therailroads it is not j,to be wondered atthat some of the leading railway magnates in the country- are urging thepassage t-.f State laws forbidding"trespassers" of this character.Mayor Upholds Right.Mayor Gaynor, of New' York, upholds the boys who play ball on thevacant lots in the metropolis. Gnas.Van Beuron, a boy of thirteen, wrotethe Mayor that a policeman thadbroken up a ball game in which hewas a participant, and the executivetook a rap at the efficer for interfering. In replying to the boy's letterhe said :"I will take charge of the matter andsee what we can do. Most of the police behave with intelligence, but I 'amorr.v to say there are a'few stupid oneson the' force we would like to get ridof."A policeman ought to be a friendto the boys on his beat. I am very desirous of having the police let the boysplay on every available lot or space inthe city. The Deople who think youought to stay in the house all the timeare very stupid or ill-natured."Women Want Opinion.Whether or not women have a rightto vote in elections for county superintendent of schools is a question ;thathas been submitted to Attorney-GeneralGarnett by Prof. Barksdale Hamlet, State Superintendent of Public Instruction Prof. Hamlet lias receivedmany requests for an opinion as towhether jjr not the new law, extendingto women limited suffrage, allows themto vote for the election of the countysuperintendent. Mr. Garnett will givean opinion in the net few days.Imports From Japan.For each person in the United Statesa dozen paper napkins and a. third ofa pound of tea are imported from Japan every year.Heirs Must Pay $2,163.In a suit brought by the rcity ofGeorgetown agains.t the heirs ofGeorge Graves, a wealthy bachelor, for$3,000 for taxes alleged to be due on$60,000 from 1905 to 1910 inclusive,judgment was given the, plaintiff inthe sum of $2,163. During Mr. Graves'life the city had brought a similar suit,out he claimed exemption on theground that ghe lived in the county.Before the case was settled he died.Gettysburg Reunion.Gov. McCreary Tuesday appointedfour commissioners to attend the reunion of the soldiers of the North andtjouth, on the battlefield of Gettysburg, on July 1, 2, 3 and 4. 'The annointment was made by the Gevernorunder a resolution of the last Legislature. The following were appointedAdmiral John Crittenden Watson, ofWashington, and uol. Andrew Cowan,of Louisville, representing the North,and Gen. Bennett H. Young, of Louisville, and Gr.een R. Keller, of Carlisle,representing the bouth.y New School Law.Under the new btate law governingI the apportionment of the State schoolfunds, it is believed by the head of theeducational department that school at- tedance win oe improved. ine newlaw requires money to be paid teacherson a oasis oi scnooi attendance, aswell as qualifications to teach, thusencouraging the teacher to get thepupils to the school every day. Prof.Barksdale Hamlet, superintendent ofPublic Instruction and Prof. J. T.Coates, Superintendent of RuralSchools, are' at work on a plan fornaj i lg !the teachers under the newlaw. Under the old law a teacher waspaid regardless of the number ofpupils in attendance, and it is said insome of the schools the attendance wasallowed to fall off b.v reason of thefact that the teachers did . not caie.Under the new plan, a teacher will beallowed a minimum salary, and thiswill be increased as the percentage ofattendance in the school increases.Last year and for several years pastonly one-third of the pupils enrolledattended school during the year. It ishoped to raise this next year to -atleast fifty percent.MAX AXm THE SZLDr. R. V. Pierce ot Buffalo, author o the Cotiicn CebscMedical Adviser, says et why does not the farmer treat his ownbody as he treats the land he cultivates. He puts back in phosphate what he takes out in crops, cr the Icd vriu'd ;1rcw poor.The farmer should out bnc.'c into his bo;'y t!:e vltrl c!2tr:c:.;pexhausted "by labor, or by al-hcalth indsood. cotzo chroz'zdisease." Further, ho a?r;i, '" the tfrcct val-o of r.;v ZJo-,:rPierce's Golden ?-2edicrl Discovery h i-i :i3 v:'.al:zir4 por.-jr. LI lve3 strengthto the ctoma.h zr.d ourity U t!io blooi. It L LI: the phosrshaCcs which cupplynature with ths cubctauoco (.he I: buiid up Lho crops. The f-r-rsaching action cfSector Picrcc'o Golden ISedlcal discoveryis due to its effect ca the ctcmach and organs cf d:estion and nutrition. Diseases that begin in Che stomach arc cured through the ctomach. A bilious spellis simply the result of an effort made by the liver to catch u? when over-workedcad exhausted. I have found tho ' Discovery ' to be unsurpassed cs a liver regulator and rich blood-maker."KI will hero add ray testimonywith indigestiontaking numerous kinds of so-called 1 stomach cures ' but received no permanent relief. I was rundown, could not sleep at night with the pain in my chest, caused by gas on thb stoxaach. Was weak, could eat scarcely anything although I was hungry nearly all thetime. About one year and a half ago I bocran taking your Golden Medical Discovery,' and after having taken several bottles am nearly cured of stomach trouole.Can now eat without distress and have gained fifteen pounds in weight.I thank you far your remedy and wish you all succcs3 in your good work."Miss Lottie Ksely of Perth, Eansas, s.zriof the clrccuvencas of vour remedv ur-cn mvscli. I was troubledfor two years or more. "Doetornd with thron "different doctors besidesGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED ElfiALMER.BOTH "PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.Why not von ioin the great army of1 customers and burn .ymmNow islhe time to try a load.Dodson & DenionPARIS, KY.BERLAND TELEPHONE and TELEGRAPH GO.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Miliersburg, NDrth MidJletown, Littlef Rock anRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service."CumberlandiTelephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporatedSome Good AdviceTo the People.Don't sell your old f eathers'until you find out the prices, Youcan call us and we will look atyour feather, or if you live inthe counrry send us a sample. Iwill let you know what they arewdrth. Some old feathers if theyhave been well cared for are asgood as new. We pay marketprice for new feathers.MAX MUNICK,8th Street, ' PARI3, KY.' Call East Tenn. Phone 374NEW - BARBER SHOP !Modern Equipment,4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.Jlnnk EatigbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.augl6tfEast Tenn. Phoe 669Everything Sanitar-.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDJoe. G. Mitchell,Against Fire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies.Phone 162Agent.LOWRY l& TALBOTTParis, KentTJLckivALL THE COMFORTS OF HOMEwill not be yours unless youhave aMAJSTIcMajestic Rangein Your Kitchen!y Come in and see them. They- are thc best made. .THE. BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY, 21,491.2is often a sien of nonr hhl.w whu.Loss of weight generally jbowssomething wrong.' .Scott's Emulsioncorrects this condition and buildsup the whole body, ah Dmt.own twwne. moomfield. N.J. J2-10EXCURSIONParis, Ky., toCincinnati, O.,And Return.SUNDAY, MAY 26, 1912Fare $1.50 And ReturnsExcursion Train leaves 7thStreet Station Returning to Parisat 7 p. m.Tickets good only day of sale.For further information, call on orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.A gold bracelet, between Tucker'sstore on Main street and Bight streetto High. Finder return to undersigned and get reward.MISS MARTHA MYNES,1022 High St.Professional CardsJ J. WILLIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW..Room 1 Elks Building.Dr. Win. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Offlce Pbones 0lelkResidencej E. T. 334.Home 334.DR. A. H IOELlLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Booms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyHORSE CIPFINGPrepare your horses forspring by having them clipped now. We are preparedto do clipping in a sales factory manner and at salesfactory prices. Call on us.TRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Eighth Street Both Phones.LOST!On the Peacock pike abpout 1J milesfrom Paris mohair cover from toD ofautomobile. Finder will be rewardedby returning same to the News office.17-2tJoy In Serving.One has made a genuine discoverywhen one has grasped the fact thatjoy is a thing that is fast linked toservice. Then one will cease indulging in Idle, feverish dreams of millions and prominence. For the manwho is not somehow serving humanityinvariably gets a dark brown taste inhis soul.Learn Him Something."Poets are horn and not made," saidthe young man with the pale, interesting face and the long hair. "Are they?"replied his wife. "Well, I'll show youthat they are made sometimes. I'llmake you watch the baby while I goshopping this morning or you shallnever have another dollar that myfather sends tome."It would surprise you to know of thegreat good that is being done byChamberlain's Tablets. Darius Downey, of Ne where: function, N. B..writes,- "My wife has been usingChamberlain's Tablets and finds themvery effectual and doing her lots ofgcod." If yoUi have any trouble withyour siomacn or Doweis give tnem atrial. For sale by all dealers.His Recommendation.A cook has been going around astation in the south of India with thefollowing 'character," a.nd is somewhatsurprised he is not engaged: "Abdulhas been my cook for three months;it seems much longer. He leaves onaccount of ill health my ill health."Christian Advocate.Master Commissioner'sSALE OFCity Property!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Wm. Grannan, Committee of PhilDeignan, Plaintiff.vsPhil Deignan, Etc., Defendants.Under and by a judgment of theBourbon Circuit Court, rendered in theabove styled action, tne undersignedMaster Commissioner will sell at Dublic auction to the highest and best bidder, on the premises, in 'athe City ofParis, Ky., about the hour of 2 o'clock,p. m., onWednesday, June 5, 1912,the following described property:A certain house and lot situated inParis, Ky.. and described and boundedas follows : Beginning at a point on theWinchester pike corner to lot formerlyowned by J . M. Thomas, and runningin a Soulhernly dircetionjwith said pike53 feet ; thence in an Easterly direction154 feel, more or less, to the marginof Vine street; thence with the marginof said street, in a Northerly direction92 feet, more or less, to a stake in theline of said street; thence Westerly 228feet to the beginning.Also a certain house and lot situatedin the City of Paris, Ky., and described as follows: Beginning at a point inthe margin of the Winchester "pike 53feet from the lot formerly owned by J.M. Thomas and running with .the margin of the Winchester pike a distanceof 100 teet. more or less, to the intersection of Vine street and Winchesterpike, and then with the margin ofVine street in a Northerly direction 205feet, more or less ; thence Westerly 154feet, more or less, to the beginning.The undersigned Master Commissioner will offer each of the above described tracts separate, b'aid sale willbe made upon the credit of six andtwelve months for equal parts of thepurchase money, the purchaser beingrequired to execute bond foreual partsof the purchase money with goodsurety, to be approved by said MasterCommissioner, payable to said MasterCoranvs3ioner, bearing interest at therate of six per cent, per annum fromdate of sale until paid. Having theforce and effect of a judgment, and toremain a lien upon the property solduntil fully paid. The privilege isgiven the purchaser or purchasers topay the : purchase price in cash without executing bond, or he or they maypay the purchase money at any timebefore maturity and stop the interestthereon.c. a. McMillanMaster Commissioner Bourbon Circuitj Court.j Wm. Grannan, Attorney,.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.j 14-21-28.3ENotice! Poultry Raisers4-11-44CURESCholera, Gapes, Limberneck, Roup, Canker..irii?o2Zr Diarrhoea and all Diseases of PoultryMiss Katie Bryant, Bardstown, Ky., says: ' '1 hava uted Reape 4-11 -44 for years asd ttink i t the bestpoultry remedy made. It cures gapes and I limberneck vithout fail. 'Will Coomet, Bardftown, Ky., ays: One drop of Recipe 4-1 1-44 dropped down the biHof a gapingchicken kill the worm and relieves the chick instantly. Itis the best preventive i have ever used.Mfg. and Guaranteed by J. Robt. Crame, Bardstown, Ky. Price 50c at all Druggists.SOLD BYC. E. BUTLER & CO.ICORTRtGHTMETALw'MSX quantities, because the roofsr 8 as new tCH&iyFor Sale by Miller & Best, MiHersbiirg, Ky.There never was a time when peopleappreciated the real merits ofChamb.erlain's Cough Remedy morethan now. This is shown by the increase in sales and voluntary testimonials from persons who have beencured by it. If you or your childrenare troubled with a cough or cold giveit a trial and become acquainted withits good qualities. For Baje ajdealers.Saw Nothing of Vajue in Pearls.When the army ofGalerius sackedthe camp of the routed Persians a bagof shining leather filled with pearlsfell into the hands of a private soldier, but the latter, while carefullypreserving 'the bag, threw away itscontents under the impression thatanything that could not be used foruseful purposes had no other value.Only a Fire Herobut the crowd cheered, as, with burnedhands, he held up a small round box."Fellows!" he shouted, "this Bucklin's Arnica Salve I hold, has everything beat forlburns." Right! aslofor boils, ulcers, sores, pimples,eczema, cuts, sprains, bruises. Surestpile cure. It subdues inflamation,kills nam. Only 25 cents at Ober-dorfer's.Melody of Birds.The melody of singing birds ranksas follows: The nightingales first,then the linnet, titlark, skylark andwoodlark. The mockingbird has thegreatest powers of imitation, the robinand goldfinch are superior in vigorousnotes. Scientific Digest.Lame back is usually caused byrheumatism of the muscles of the back,for which you will find nothing betterthean Chamberlain's Liniment. Forsale by all dealers.Chance for an Inventor.Our scheme of civilization will nofbe perfect until somebody invents abureau which will set fiat on the iioor,so that collar buttons cannot roll under it.Flagged Train With Shirt.Tearing his shirt from his back anOhio man flagged a train and saved itfrom a wreck, but T. H. Alston,Raleigh, N. C.once prevented a wreckwith Electric Bitters. "I was in aterrible Dligbt when I began to usethem, he writes, my stomach, head,back and kidueys'were all badly affecteel and my liver was in bad condition,but four bottles of Electiic Bittersmade me feel like a new man." Atrial will convince you of their matchless merit for any stomach, liver -orkindey trouble. Price 50c at Ober-dorfer's.Lightning and Concrete.The effect of lightning on concrete,which has long been a matter of dispute, has been observed by a leadingmember of the American Society ofCivil Engineers, who has a reinforcedconcrete water tank on his country estate. This was struck by lightning,which caused no injury, but changedthe texture of the concrete in placesfrom granular to vitreous. The tankwas heavily reinforced.How's This.We offer one hundred dollars rewardfor any case of Catarrh that cannot becured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.F. J. Cheeney & Co., Toledo O.We tne undersigned, have known F.J. Cheeney for the last fifteen years,and believe him perfectly honorable inall business transactions, and financially 'able to carry out any obligationsmade by his firm.fcWALDING. KINNAN & MARVIN,Wholesale Druggists, Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Price, 75c.per bottle. Sola by all druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for consti-Dation.Worshiped in Ancient Days.In the National Museum, Washington, there is a meteorite weighing 1,400 pounds. In the Yale collection isone weighing 1,635 pounds, and oneat Amherst 437 pounds. Some sacredstones, as the black meteorite worshiped at Emesa, in Syria; the holyKaaba of Mecca; and the great stoneof the pyramid of Cholula, in Mexico;owe their sanctity to the belief thatthey had fallen from heaven.Day Trip to St. Louis.By leaving Paris on L. & N. train8 :20 a. m. direct connection is madewith the;B. & O. S.-W. first train leaving Cincinnati 12 o'clock noon, daily,arriving oc. l-ouis at o o ciock sameevening. This train carries eleganthigh back seat coaches, Parlor cars.hlectric lighted dining car, and makesdirect connection in .St. Louis UnionStation with all' Western, Northwestern and Southwestern lines. OtherB. & O. S.-W. St. Louis first trainsleave Cincinnati, daily 2:15 a. m., 9 :00a. m. and 9:15 p. m. Night trains haveelectric lighted sleeping cars withindividual birth lights. For information as to fares and other particui .i j. i i . .iars consult your local tiCKet agent, oraddress. 'S. T. SEELEY,T. P. A.. B. &0. S-W. R. R513 Traction Bldg. Cincinnati; OhioMay ,7-14T21-28.Now Is The Time To Buyi YOUR SUMMER GOODS!While The Prices Are Very Low, And ThTime You Need Them Most.3 :aAre You Going to Buy aRefrigerator This Spring ?Primarily there is only one thing" for a Refrigeratorto do and that is to keep food at Jsuch a temperature that itwill not srjoil in warm weather. The Refrigerator that willdo this with the least possible consumption of ice is thebest Refrigerator.A Refrigerator must have goodrpackinsr.Tlt mnsf ha h;ifwill not fill its mission. We carry a coirmlete Iitip nf Rn-nrofc nu -ivH cheapest that is good to the best the marketraffords. Don't fail to inspect our line beforem mi vine-. 2o -ft 'if ii'iiii. 'inJfr TPFT. RniTTCRThe most comple line of Ice Boxesto 'nick fVrm mado rf fVto ltAcfpacking that can be had..$4.50 ci to $20FLOORjf Our stock of Floor Coverings is now ready for yourm inspection at low prices.S Mattings, Rugs, Carpets and Linoleum.2 A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.MAIN STREET, OPP. COURT HOUSE.9sWhat HaveManure Spreaders DoneFor Your Neighbors?mmmmmm-TWIN BROS, iDepartment StoreCor. 7th and MainTHE next time you see thelocal dealer, get him togive you the history ofsome of the I H C manurespreaders he has sold. Then' get the story of other spreadersand draw your own conclusionsas to which spreader does thebest work at the lowest cost.Durability pays. The spreader that does the best work forthe longest time is the cheapestto buy. The more you find outabout spreaders, the more certain you will be to go to thelocal dealer and buy anI H C Manure SpreaderKemp 20th CenturyCorn King orCloVerleafThe best spreaders made arethe I H C manure spreaders yourlocal dealer sells, and if yougive him a chance he will soonconvince you of that fact andgive you good common-sensereasons for buying an I H C"spreader from him.Internatlinal Harvester Company of America. (Incorporated)Chicago USAI H C Service BureauThe purpose of this. Bureau is to furnish,free of charge to all, the best informationobtainable on better farming. If you haveany worthy questions concerning soils, crops,land drainage, irrigation, fertilizers, etc.,makeypur inquiries specific and send themto I H C Service Bureau, Harvester Building,Chicago, USASpecial PricesOn Extra Wide Swiss Flouncing at 25c and50c per yard.Children'siWash Dresses, 50c, 75c, $1. -Ladies' one-piece Serge Dresses, $4.98.(All Colors)Ladies' and Misses' Fine Tailored Suits, $9.95.White Nuback Shoes, $3.Special Values on Millinery, Skirts and Waists.TWIN BROS.Paris, Kentuckymdingers.A' "worthless dog and a bad ieputtion are hard things to lose.POPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKYSUNDAY, IV as 26th75cJRoundTrip75c.RoundTripSee the Fno High Bridge-BAND CONCERT, High Bridge Park, (Popahr Airs.)Tickets sold at G EO RG ETOWN ood on Special.Trafo kavia at 1J am.For Fulf Information Call On AnyTlcket Aont, Or MdnmH. C. KING, rsfnflr and Ticket Afnt,101 E. Main St. Phbna 43 utr.Poor appetite is a sure sign, of 'imparted digestion. A few doses ofChamberlain's Stomach and Liver Tablet! will strengthen your digestion andimprove your appetite. Thousandshave been' .benefited by taking theseTablets. Sold by all dealers. 1Treatment for Burnt.Sweet oil and llmewater spread ona piece of cotton and applied to aburn Is very soothing. Every medi- gcine closet should contain a bottle ottals remedy.. . . . ' . f1THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 21, 1912Panamas. jpur different styles in Panamas areworth your attention. 10-4tMITCHELL & BLAKEMOKE.Little Used Roman Numbers.Ten thousand In Roman numbers Isdenoted by the letter X with a dashover it; or it may be written two C.'sand an I followed by two invertedC.'s. One hundred thousand is indicated by a C with a dash over it, orthree C.'s, and an I followed by threeinverted C.'s.THE FAIR!SPECIAL VALUES .For Friday Only.We are making some Specialprices on all size Galvanized IronTubs, Clothes Horses, DiningRoom Pictures and all size Picture Frames, Screen Doors 3x7 at98c each. Window Screens, thekind that do not sag, 38c andupwards, Sliding Window ScreenFrames only, can be made to fitany size window.Solid Oak Sewing Tables, yardmeasure on top. each 98c.Pixies Plants, a novelty andnever ending enjoyment for thechildren, and in fact, for the'whole family, each little pot filled with fertilized soil, containinglive seeds, will begin to grow in48 hours after watsr is added, 5ceach....THE FAIR...If You Eat You Need Digestit. The New Relief For Indigestion.It has .been stated that more thaneighty million people in the UnitedStates are victims of some form of indirection. The American Deopie donot'take time enough to eat. TheresiiTtr is stomach distress, pa, belching,indigestion and dyspepsia.Digestit is the new jelief it hasbeen found a certain, quick and permanent remedy. Thousands of peoplehave found relief from its use. Theirown statements on file in our cffice areDroof. You can? try it for yourselfWill start a Bank Account here and9 I V-r J start you on the road to Success.U Jfgrlctil? nr! Bank of Paris.Capital Surplus Protection$100,00.00 $675500.00 $267,500.00JL H. Josselson, frBrpke the Record in ThisTSty onLHte :$10 SuitsSole Agent for Following Brands of Shoes:I Peter's Diamond Brand, CM ftReed Cushion Sole, MOPQ ISelz Royal Blue' 1.WM.,BJ. H. Josselson. 1I 715-717 Main Street, Paris, Ky. IReal Estate Transfers.The following real estate transferwere lodged for record in the office ofCounty Ulerk Pearce Paton in thepast few days :C A. Miller to Myrtle Auxie twotracts of land in Millersburg, 5?..Mrs. Virginia C. Fitch to same, lotin Millersbnrg, J175..Mrs. Sallie Gillespie to same, lot,Millersburg. 1.T. O. Trumbp, etc., to BourbonCounty Board of Education, lot, Claysville, crlSO.George Staraler to Harry Stamlerand others, hwuse and lot, raris, $1. :Wm. Ardery, Trustee, to AlattieSimpson, lot, Paris, 5600.Mattie Simpson to Wm. Ardery, lot,Paris, $600.Pw- F. Collier to Fred Estes, tract ofland, ClintonviUe, $1.C. C. Sparks and others to Chas.Clendenin, house and lot. Paris, 1.Chas. Clendenin to A. J. Skillman,house and lot, Paris, 1.Pi. K. McCar ley to Carolina Green,house and lot, Paris, $200.Henry W. Fitch to B. T. Mattox,parcel of ground in Bourbon county,SI.Wm. Steuban to C. A. McMillan,strip of ground. East Paris, $300.C. D. Roebuck to L. T. Lilleston,lot in Paris, SI .D. S. Henry to Harold Roberts, parcel of ground in Paris, $1,325.John S. Jones to T. F. Brannon,lot, Paris, $515.John M. Brennan and others to T.F. Brannon, three lots, Paris, 778.25,W. C. Hester to T. F. Brannon, lot.Paris, $375.C. Arnsparger to J. M. Brennan,tract of land in Paris. -0225.John S. Jones to Timothy Shannon,lot, Paris, $310.For Home Use.Order your wet goods, such asbeers, wines old liquors, etc., fromus and it will have prompt attention.Call over either 'phone. Let us stcckyour cellerette for the Conclave.Family trade solicited.21-3t B. WElSSBERG.without 'any risk if it fails to giveyou absolute satisfaction, your 'moneywill be returned. Brown's Digstit isa little tablet easv to swallow"' andabsolutely harmless. It relieves indieestion almost instantly, stops foodfirm i ntation, fprevents distress aftereating and cures dyspepsia. You needit even though you. are not sick it aidsdiestion and gives you all the nourishment from your food 50c. Ask at G.S. Varden & Son's.The bourbon" News-PARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished-Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .$2.00 Six Months. .1.00Payable in AdvanceEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEndorse the State Administration. 'f It has always been the policy of thpBourbon News not to take sides in aDemocratic primary or convention toleave the people entirely free to maketheir own choice of candidates and ithas always supported the nominee andexpects to continue to do so. We believe however that the men whoachieved the great victory last year inKentucky and redeemed the State fromRepublican rule by so great a majority,and enacted into law every pledge ofthe Democratic platform, ought not tobe turned down now by the Louisvillegang and their aiders and abetters whofought the Democratic candidates lastyear, and opposed in the Legislatureeverylaw that was enacted to carryout the pledges of the party, We believe the State administration shouldbe endorsed in clear and unequivocalterms, and that the party should takeno step that will lead to the repeal ofthe reform legislation of the last Legislature, or to the election of a Legislature antagonistic to .the Governorand the State administratingThe News is for Champ JClark 'forPresident, but it stands for a ringingendorsement of Governor McCreary'sadministration and for the election bythe State Convention of an ExectiuveCommittee in harmony with, and notaverse to the Governor's policies. Forthat reason we advocate that the Bourbon delegation be instructed to votefor Champ Clak delegates to theNational Convention at Baltimore, andfor Rufus Vansant as chairman of theState ExecutiveJCoramittes. Mr. Vansant last year as chairman of the Campaign Committee achieved one of themost notable victories in the history ofthe State, and he did it without askinga dollar from any one of the big interests that have been controlling politicsin Kentuckyjfor years, and we do not(.believe in turning him down at the behest of theLouisville gang and theiradherents, who "fought the Governorbefore his nomination, an either didn't;follow at all or "limped in the rear"when we .came to the fight againstO'RearV lf,Mr. Stevenson ia electedchairman of the Stateentral andExecutive Committees it means adivided party in the State and a fightnext year fpr a Legislature hostile tothe Governor, and pledge to undo whatthe last Legislature did to carry,, outthe pledges of the platform of theparty. Let's keep the party intact andkeep in control the. men who redeemed the State from Republican rule"andto that end let Bourbon county at theconvention next Satuday endorse theState administration, and send to theconvention at Louisville a list of delegates instructed to vote for ChampClark delegates to the Baltimore convention, and for Rufus Vansant aschairman of the State Central andExecutive Committee.Paper Cleaning.For wall parier cleaning; call Homenhone 163.14-3t J. T. BESALEY.For The Conclave.We will have everything the housekeeper needs for the Conclave.Fruits, berries, all kinds of cheese,pickles, meats, fowls, and in fact,everything the market affords.21-3C T. LENIHAN.Use .ChinamelNothing improves the home at solittle cost as Chinamel. Make thefloors look new. We sell it.21-2t. ' VARDEN & SON.Seven Applicants.Seven applicants for teachers'certificates took the examination atthe office of Jthe CduntyJJSuperintendent, Miss Mabel Robnins. They wereas follows : Misses Elizabeth Cornish,Virgil Cornish. Lola Gray. Belva Hill.Hazel Kerr, Mrs. fields and StanleyThoma3, the latter of Mt. Sterling.Way of College Men.Where -a college "man's ..:heart is,there will his frat""pin berralso. Bippincott's Magazine?? w "Ancient Game Is Chess.' It is impossible to state just when,and where chess was born. Back wemay go inthe ages, but we still find itexisting. We see it painted on Egyptian vases, and we find it in the Chinese Books of Wisdom. It has beenascribed to all kinds of birthplaces,its creator having been at times aman, at times a god. Nothing positive is known -about it, yet the great-,est probabilities . seem to point to itshaving come from the east.THINKS PET WAS ONCE SLAVEMistral, Famous Provencal Poet, HasEvidence Which Kas AlmostConvinced Him.JLn award recently conferred onFrederic Mistral has called' forth apeculiar letter from him concerninghis dog, a French poodle or caniche,which he believes to be the reir carnation of an ancient Roman slave. Thesociety known as "L'Assi starve auxAnimaux" recently gave the poet aprize in consideration cf his f. Jlnessfor animals. In return Mistral wrotea letter in which he says."It was not without astonishmentthat I received the good news of thePrix du President , de la Republiquewhich the Society of Help for Animalsconferred on me. After reflecting agood deal I have come to the conclusion that my dag, Barboche, of whichI send you a photograph, was not astranger to my good fertile. Thesaid Barboche, v.'liciu I loc. in. as awaif a few years ago, is a mysteriouscreature. I found one day in one ofmy usual walks through the country afragment of one of those little Romangrist mills, which they used for grinding their wheat, and which wereturned by slaves who had been condemned to that work for some reasonor other. When I came home Idropped the thing in the yard infront of the house. My dog Barbochebounded for it at once and madefrantic efforts to turn it with his paws.He was so earnest in his efforts thatI had to take the stone away fromhim lest he should wear himself outturning it. This performance ofturning the stone is repeated everytime that I give it to Barboche. Theconclusion of It is that I have cometo believe that my poor caniche is thereincarnation of a. slave of ancienttimes, belonging probably to someGallo-Roman master who was veryhard on his slaves. This, at any rate,seems to me to be the only explanation of this extraordinary fact, and Ibeg you to pardon me if I think thatthe reward which I received fromyour society was partly due to the influence of my good Barboche, who, Ibelieve, i3 a porte-bonheur."REMEMBERED AT WRONG TIMEReally Seemed That Fate Was Having Fun With Well Meaning butForgetful Man.Frederick Law, New York's indomitable young steeplejack, was talkingto a reporter about the necessity ofsafety appliances in steeplejack work."W remember this necessity," hesaid, "but we remember it, as a rule,too late we remember it while falling. "You see we are rather like the absent minded man. He met a woman ona street car one day, and shook herhand and said:" 'How's the dear husband?'" 'Boo-hoo, he's dead,' said the woman, bursting; into tears. 'Don't you remember thef-funeral last week?',& 4"Why, yes, said the old man, biting his lip. 'Why, yes, of course.'"A few days later he met the woman again."'How do you do?' he said. 'Andhov is your dear husband this fine,bracing March weather?'"'Still dead,' said the woman; andthe old man blushed."Til make a note of that,' he muttered to himself, as he hurried away;and a short time afterwards, "when hemet the woman . once more, thethought instantly shot into his mind'Husband. Trouble about husband.'So he adopted a very sympathetic airand said, pressing her hand:'"Why, how do you ro? And yourpoor dear husband, he ''"Oh, he's fine,' interrupted thewoman. 'We've just got back fromour honeymoon.' "Remarkable Wall of Rough Stone.A wall 1,300 feet long, four feethigh and three feet thick at the bottom has just been completed, on acountry estate near. Port Chester, under the direction of Samuel Parson,who says that it is unique. The granite blocks which form the wall werequarried about 50 miles away andwere used just as they came from thequarry. The interstices have, beenfilled with loam and mold and planted profusely with such floweringherbs and creepers as will flourishbest and look prettiest in that environment. The stones are all largefrom three tons down and from threeto ten feet long and fitted as closeas they could be without the use ofany other tool than a hammer toknock off the rough edges. "Thisspecimen of Cyclopean masonry,"says Mr. Parsons' description, "inwhich about 8,000 rock plants havebeen planted, is withal a perfect fencehorse high, bull strong and pigtight"King George Owns Sandrlngham.The statement iB- again being published that Sandringhani is the absolute -property tit Queen Alexandra. Asa 'matter of' fact in the will- of v thelate King Edward the whole estate'was left solely to King George, hislate majesty merely stipulating thatthe queen mother should have the en-htire use of it 'during her lifetime and"adding a wish that in the future theplace might become the dower houseof the queeneonsort. King Georgeris,' however, 1n no way bound by. this,and is at liberty when the proper timearrives to dispose of it in any manner'that seems best to him. In the meantime he has entire charge of the estate, pays all the outgoings and receives' the income.MILLERSBURG ITEMS.Millersburg is once more in holidayattire and the festivities leacing up tothe commencement season have notonly, been appropriate but have (put ona good frame of'mind for what is yetto follow, yche festive season openedwith a Masonii: reception Wednesdayafternoon, which was not only elaborate but at the same time was an appiopriate beginning.Dr. and Mrs. W. M. Miller entertained the seniors of M. F. C. and M.M. I. Thursday eveningffrom 7 to 10.Thecolor scheme was green and white,which was carried out in every detail.Among the amusements was a guessing contest. Strawberries with icecream and cake were served. Twentythree guests were present.Friday from 4 to 7 :30 p. m. Col. andMrs.C. M. Best and the seniors classof M. M, I. gave a reception on the M.M. 1. camnus, drill halland main building. The receiving line, which wasmade up of Col. Best and the seniorclass, occupied positions on the frontveranda of the main building, whilethe M. M. I. faculty constituted the reception committee. It was an informal aflrair and all were thoroughly delighted with the freedom of the occasion. Violin and piano music was furnished in the spacious drill hall byMiss Ethel K. Nell, CaDt. HowardFreas, and Mr. R. M. Caldwell. A delightful lunch was served in the diningroom, on the veranda and campus, consisting of ham sandwiches, croquets,olives, stuffedtomatoes, beaten biscuitand punch. The souvenirs were daintybunches of blue grass tied with whiteribbon.The commencement exercises proneropened at eight p. m Friday eveningat the M. F. C. auditorium with anentertainment by the little folks ofthe primary department. This entertainment annually draws large crowds.The spacious auditiorium was packedto its limit by the time the curtainwent up. !1 he entertainment was fullyup to the average. All knew what toexnect, since it was in charge of MissMclntyre, Jwhose entertainments arealways good. The choruses, drills andreadings showed thorough training.This entertainment, like its predecessors, was the recipient of showers ofcompliments..Saturday, at 10 :00 a. m., the classday exercisas were held. First on theprogram was the planting of the ivyon the campus. Thb oration was delivered by Miss Clara Peck, of Fleraingsburg. After these ceremonies allrepaired to the auditorium, where themain features of the program werecarried out, with Miss Elizabeth Ingelsin the chair. One remarkable featureof the exercises was that most of theyoungladies spoke loud enough to beheard. This is often a hindrance inwork of this kind. The program wasgood, and furnished considerableamusement, espeall by Miss Nola Reddin her class prophecies, and Miss Jennie Mauree Pepper in presentation ofgifts.The following is a partial list ofCommencement guests and the homesthey are visiting :Mrs. Mark Hendricks, Flemingsburg,with Mrs. R. L. Wilson, Jr. ; Mr. andMrs. R. L. Burlington, Cincinnati Mr.A. S. Stanard Pebulo, Colo., and MissMargaret Wigginton Bloomfield Ky'.with Dr. and Mrs. W. M.. Miller; Mrs.Lester Robertson and little son, David,of Nebton, with the Misses Mclntyre;Mrs. Drennan, Carr's Station, Ky.,with her m'ece, Mrs. Joe W. Mock;,Misses QueenRobertson, Amo Hammond, Louise'Monroe, Frank Jameson,Mrs. A. A. Kennett, Cincinnati, 0..with Miss Kizzie May McDaniel ; MissEldiva Sanders, Flemingsburg, withMiss Myra Booth ;Mr. J. F. Standifordand son, of Ewing, Miss Belau Sanders,, Poplar Plains Mesdames W. H.and Lucy Peck. Flemingsburg, Rev. 0.B. Crockett, Lexington, Miss VirginiaJacoby, Hutchison, Mrs. J. D. Reddand daughter and Mrs. R. A. PatrickPaintsville Mrs. B. D. Foster CarterKy. and Rev. Wilkerson at M. F. C. ;Miss Mande Stokely, Cynthiana, withher aunt, Mrs. G. L. Hill ; Mrs. FrankMortord and daughter, Susan, of St.Louis, Mo., with her sister, Mrs. M.R. Collier; Miss Nannie Clark, ofCynthiana, with her narents, Mr. andMrs. J. S. Clarke ; Mrs. E. T. Beedingand son, Waddell, of Lexington, withher brother, Mayor W. D. Waddell ;Mr. R. 0. Chambers. Sardis, with hisdaughter, Mrs. R. M. Johnson ; -Mr.Claude Whaley and Miss Mary BelleBaird, of Bethel, with Mrs. Mary J.Whaley; Mr. E. D. Bdldwin, of Maysjville, with his sister, Mrs. E. H. Kerr;J Miss Helen Clarke, Louisville, withher grandmother, Mrs. Louie Clark;Miss Charlina Ball, of Pans, with MissAlberta Mofiett ; Mrs. Turner Perry,Owingsville. with her parents, Mr.and Mrs. Thos. McClintock ; Mrs. W.A. Munzing. of Maysville, with hermother, Mrs. Martha Vimont; MissNannie Gill, Maysville, with Mrs.Aaron McConnell ; Misses Louella andAlice Tebbs and Augusta Ammerman,Cynthiana, Messrs. W. H. Ammermanand Jerry Humble. Kentucky StateUniversity, Lexington, with Mr. andMrs. E. W. Ammerman; Mr. Burr,Kentucky State University, Lexington, at tne Stirman House. 'mi , , aine oaccaiaureate sermon, waspreached Sunday morning by Dr.Wilkerson, of L uisville, at theMethcdist church. The church wasciowded to its canacitv, and many occupiedjplaces in the vestibule and outside of the building, in windows duringthe entire service. Much was expected of Dr. Wilkerson,for he was the exponentof, Methodism at "The World inCincinnati" this spring, -and it waswhile there that Dr.' Fisher procuredhis services. From tlje ..time Dr. WfLkefson made his opening prayer-alffelLtnat every eApectatibn .would bereaLized; - He is a-schialati'S orator andthinker, ,;and. .carries ydii with himthrough every avene of thouught. Hislanguage is simple, and fluent, and youare able to grasp every thought as heutters.it. Bis thoughts were basedupon Jesus, the Savior ol the world.He went on to picture that from thetime the child Christ was born, in airanger at Bethlehem that all progress,all huciety, art, literature and sciencewas based on and centered about Him.His conquests were greater than thecombined heroes cf the past. Thesculptor chiseled Him in stone andbrurze, the artist painted Him. Hewas theme of the sublimer thought?,of poetry and orose; that it wasthrough and by His inluence that theworld ii whit it ii today, and pid ahigh tri irate to the miwiooacy, nut,through whoM influnc a little Koreaa.girl is now a'dtudeat at M. F. C. Tbe;musical program, was fully up to theaverage. Dr. Wilkerson deliveredanother able address to the missionarysocieties of the college. The musicalprogram was equally good.. The commencement exercises of theM. F. C. was continued Saturday ateiht p. m., by the ba,utiful drama, 'SCeceiia, ".rendered by Miss Walkers'class in Expression, in the collegeauditorium. It was by many that theaudience would not be as large as onthe previous evening, inasmuch as itwas Saturday night, and there wereseveral other entertainments, butjtherewas very little difference in the sizeand character of the two audiences.The yonug ladies acquitted themselvesmost creditably. Missps Jennie MauriePepper and Don Shivel deserve specialmention. They are both eminentlyqualified to become good dramatic starreaders. The musical program was notonly enjoyed by all present, but thoseparticipating were the recipients ofmany encores.What more appropriate gift can you.give than a high grade watch. Nextto ones family a watch is a person'sclosest companion. It is referred tomany tmes a day. You can have itengraved with an appropriate inscription and in after years with what prideit will be shown to friends as thewatch which dear old father andmother, or so-and-so, gaye me on theday of my graduation.AARON McCONNELL,14-4t. Jeweler and Optition.Mr. and Mrs. R. M. Johnson were inLexington, Friday.Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Taylor were inCincinnati. Sunday.Dr. Deans and Mr. B. A. Neal havepurchasedautomobiles.No change for the better in the condition of Mr. E. P. Clarke.See the nice line of fresh candy afcWell's Restaurant. M. P. WELLS17-2feMr. Enhriam Smith retruned Fridayafter a weeks' visit to relatives inCarlisle.Mrs. Jas.'Hutseli, of, Mt. Sterling,was the guest of her aunt.lMrs. M.Martin, Thursday.Rev. W. A. Swift and family returned Thrusda.v, after a two weeks' visitto relatives at Mayfield.Mrs. Ben Caldwell, of Moorefield.was the guest of her parents, Mr. andMrs. J. R. Taylor, last week.Mr. Lee Brown, of Covington, wasthe guest of his mother, Mrs. HettieBrown, Friday night and Saturday.Mrs. Mollie Slack lef ' Friday for herhome at Sharpsburg, after a weeks'visit to her brother, Mr. J. J. Peedand family. ,Dr. Earl Barton arrived home 'fromthe Louisville Medical College, Fridayafternoon, accompanied by his friend,.Dr. Curry, of Myers.Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Wilson, Sr. have,retruned after a few days' visit totheir son and daughter, Mr. and Mrs.T. R. Wilson, at Robinson Station.The two little daughters of Mr, andMrs. R. L. Tarr and a little son ofMr. and JMrs Joe W. Mock underwentoperations Thuursd'ay for adenoids.Mr. and Mrs. W. X. McConnel andMr. and Mrs. B, P. Miller and littleson, of Mt. Olivet, were guests of Mr.and Mrs. Aaron McConnell, Thursdayand Friday.The best line cf candy both in quality and quantity is found at Well'Restaurant. No Middlemen. Itcomes direct from the factory. Ifyou buy once you will buy again.i7-2t m. p. wells;Miss Jennie Maurie Pepper, one ofthe seniors of M. F. C. entertained herclass, and aiso the class of 1911, withthe faculty, at an elaborate noondayluncheon. Saturday. The occasion wasa jolly one, and numerous toasts wereindulged in.For commencement gifts see McConnell's line of bracelets, lockets.rings, mesh bags, la valiars, pins andi: c ii -i .iuuc hub ui uunegu ana souvenirspoons.AARON McCONNELL14-2L Jeweler and Optition.All Grades.How about a nice Watchfor that boy or girl. Wecarry them in all grades andsizes.Shire & Fithan.For Home Use.Order your wet goods, such asbeers, fine wines, old liquors, etc.,from us and it will have prompt attention. Family trade solicited. Callover either 'phone. Let us stockyour cellerette for the. Conclave.21-3fc B. WEISSBERG.Feminine Trick.The girl who tells you she thinksno man is good enough for any womanis merely trying to goad you into anattempt to convince her that she iswrong. Chicago Record-Herald.Forced to Rely on Candlet.Very few houses in the French:West Indies possess kerosene la'rnK--candlesbeing commonly used tqfhousehold iliumhmtjihg. The importduty makes it Impossible for the people, wko are poor, to use either kero-ene or gasoline.Time When Sh Would It .At a long row of seaside battifnarrooms, an important young man walked up to the door of one of the compartments, and, knocking at the saraetestily inquired: "When in thunderare- you going to get those trouserson?" There was a faint giggle, and,a silvery voice replied: "When' I get?married, I suppose." The younc man;fainted. He had mistaken th doorjExchange. WrSTOE BOURBON- JEWS 'sP MAY, l 1912. yt 2ivHE BOURBON NEWS.7ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHSNr,Berries for Preserving.Strawberries for preserving , all youwant at the right Drice.C. P. COOK & CO.Sell Another Car.Yerkes & Prichard sold on Monday aModel T. Fcrd roadster to Board Supervisor Claude Redmon, which they willdeliver to-morrow This is the secondone of "these cars this firm has soldwiihin the past four days.Bight Weather For New Clothes.Come here for them. We have justthe suit for you. 512.50 to 35.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Have it Pat Aside.Select your wall paper at J. T. Hinton's now and have it put aside.Novelties.Novelties in silver for boysand girls Just the trick forgraduate gift..Shire &. Fithian.Deliver Roadster.Yerkes & Prichard delivered a modelF. Ford roadster yesterday to Dr.Bruce Anderson, Mr. Yerkes driving itthrough from the Ford Branch at Louisville. The Louisville branch reportsthat they delivered thirty-four Fordcars last week in Kentucky, twelve ofthem in one day.For the Conclave.Give us your order fresh, cleangoods kept; in doors.21-3fc. BRAMBLETT & TARR.New Standard Novels.We have restocked our circulatinglibrary with kthe latest standard fictions cn the market. Call in and getsomething real new to read.17-2t PARIS BOOK STORE.Graduating Presents.For Graduation Presents,seeShire & Fithian. They havea beautiful line of Goods.fiaraca Class Banquet.The Baraca Class of the Baptistchurch entertained the members of thecongregation with an elaborate banquet in the Darlors of the church Friday evening. The event was one ofthe most enjoyable in the history ofthe church. The rooms were handsomely decorated in snowballs and syringa and the tables tastely arranged.A two course supper was served by theJuniors Aid Society of the church.Rev. E. M. Lightfoot responded 2stoastmaster and a number of toastswere responded to" in a happy manner.For the Conclave.You'll want to look your best. Geta suit now from us and be ready. Ourstock is very complete.J. W. DAVJS & CO.Porch Furniture.Come in and look at our beautifulstock of porch furniture. Also allkinds of furniture for the lawn, porchshades in all colors and sizes.J. T. H IN TON.Strawberries Every Day.Strawberries received fresh everyday. Fine stock. Let us have yourorder.21-3t T. LENIHAN.M&tch Sets Fire to Packing.A broken match hich flew into aquantity of packing in a rear room ofthe plumbing shop of John MernngerSaturday night, caused a small blaze.Mr. Merringer had gene into the roomto get a coat which he had left thereand in striking a match, abroken portion fell into the inflammable materialwhich caugh fire. A great volume ofsmoke isued from the room, and fora time a serious fire was feared, butMr. Merringer attatched a piece ofhose to a faucet, and soon had the blazeextingished. The fire department responded to the alarm which was sentm from box 1, but the blaze had beenextinguished when it arrived on thescene. The damage was slight.A Derby Winner.Buy a "Winner" straw hat to wearto the Derby. Sold by 10-4tMITCHELL, & BLAKEMORE.Remember.We are prepared to furnish you withtie bjstof fresh vegetables, fruitsand fresh meats.21-3t. BRAMLETT & TARR,Standard Novels at 15 Cents.One hundred standard novels, kenfrom-our. circulating library offered1 to"the public at 15 cents a copv, or "twofcr 25 cents, while they last Callearly and get the pick.7-2t PARIS BOOK STORE.FEISONAL MENTION.Feed Committee Busy.The committee for receiving donations for the big dinners during theConclave will open headquarters inthe basement of the court house Monday. Mr James Earlywine will be atthe North entrance and will takecharge of all donations brought in.Those who intend donating such thingsas hams, eggs, fowls and other thingsthat are not cooked are requested tobring them Saturday. Such as freshmeats, butter, milk, cream and otherperishable things will not be receivednitil Monday evening or Tuesday morning. This committee has teen busyanu thi public generous, the work willba plenty and if the above leucstsare complied with it will help thingsto ran smooth.Miss Carolyn Roseberry is visitingfriends in Lexington.Mrs. Elsie Barns is ''visiting Mrs.Louis Geisvien, in Cincinnati.Mrs. Mary Webb, who has beenquite ill for several weeks is improving. Mrs. John Yerkes, who has beenquite ill for several days, is improving. Mr. Robert Frank has returnedfrom Louisville after a two week'sstay.Mrs. Krankie Pugh, left yesterdayfor a visit to relatives in West Carrolton, 0.Mrs. Harry Salo9hin is visitingjjherparents. Mr. and Mrs. L. Straus inCincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. James H. Thompsonhave returned from a visit to friendsin Louisville.Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Blakemorehave returned from a visit to relativesin Chillecothe 0.Mrs. W. W. Judy left yesterdayfor an extended visit to relatives in Arkansas City, Kan.Mr. and Mrs. Kinzea Stone, ofGeorgetown, were the euests Saturdayof Mr. and Mrs. Alex Rice.Mrs. Warren Rogers will entertain,the Six.HaQ'1 Jbiuchre Club on Thursdayat her home on",the Cape-Ridge pike.Miss Annie Lyle, has returnedhome much improved in health, aftera months' visit with friend" in thecountry.Mrs Walter Clark and daughter MissPatsy, left ' last week for WarmSprings, Va. to join Mr. Clarke forthe summer.Judge E. B. January was in Lexington yesterday to attend meeting ofthe Executive Board of the Widowsand Orphans home.Mr. Avonia Kiser, who is attending the Louisville Medical College, wasthe guest last week of his parents,Mr. and Mrs. John Kiser, at Shawhan.Mr. Douglas Clay w?s at homefrom Threlkeld School, Nicholasville,from Friday until Monday, the guestof his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Frank M.CJay.Mrs. W. C.Morrison and little son,Dudley, will return Thursday to thehome in Huntington, W. Va., after several weeks visit to Mr. and Mrs. J. D.Butler.The Hamilton Guards will meetin the Confederate room in the courthouse this afternoon at three o'clock.A full attendance of the members isrequested.Mr. Clyde Huffman, of Huntington, W. Va., who has been the guest ofhis parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Huffman, for the past few days, retrunedhome last night.Mrs. J. Frank Clay entertained'ather beautiful couutry home on the Winchaster pike, six tables ; at six handeuchre, Saturday afternoon. A delicious luncheon was served.Mr, Albert Wilson, of Carlisle,was a visitor in Paris Saturday. Mr.Wilson is a candidate for the positionot Secretary and General Manager ofthe Hurst Home Insurance Co.Mrs. Clifton Arnsparger entertained the members of the Senior Sewing Circle very delightfully at herhome on Duncan avenue, Friday afternoon. About a dozen members of thecircle were present and several invitedguests. DelfciouB refreshments wereserved.Hon. Robert Oden Smith, wellknown humorist and impersonator, ofMeridian, Mies., arrived Friday for ashort visit to relatives in Paris andBourbon county. Mr. Smith who is abrother of Ex-Commonwealth's Attorney John S. Smith and Mr. T. PorterSmith, formery resident in Paris. Heleft here nearly twenty years ago andhas since traveled over nearly everystate in the Union.Rev. Dr. F. WJ Hinett, of CenterCollege, Danville, has been engaged to'address the graduating class of theParis High School at its exercises ohJune 6. Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive, pastorof the Paris Presbyterian church, willdeliver the baccalaureate, sermon tothe'graduating class on Sunday, June2. The lollowinc compose the class of1912: Misses Elsie " Heller. MarySnell, Margaret Buchanan, Ke irs. M.J. Slicer, James Templin, William Chisolm, Frank Dejarnett and Earl Curti?.Mrs. Grover Baldwin was hostessto a euchre party Friday afternoon,given tor Mrs. J. T. Wallingford, whois visiting her cousin, Mrs. W. T. Talbott. The home was attractively decoratedwith pink carnatons and daisies,and softly lighted with pink candles.After the games, refeshments of icesand cakes in the party colors, ;mintsand salted almonds v ere served to thefollowing guests: Mrs. J. T. Wallingford, Mrs. J. W. Larkin, Mrs. BishopHibler, Mrs. Ed. Tucker, Mrs. LeePrice, Mrs. Gertrude Smoot, Mrs.Frank Kiser, Mrs. Joseph .Rion, Mrs.Dan Peed, Mrs. W. C. Dodson. Mrs.W.F. Talbott,'and Mrs. Harry Baldwin.Mrs. J. M.. Hall entertained yesterday with a luncheon-euchre in honor of her charming guest, Mrs. JohnYoung Brown, of St.-Louis.The lovely home on Duncan avenuewas most beautiful for the occasion inits decoration of garden, flowers, giftsfrom the many friends of the ponularhostess.After the delicious course luncheonseven tables of six nand euchre wasenjoyed. Mrs. Hall's guests were :Mesdames John Young Brown, Sidney G. Clay, E M. Dickson, B. A.Frank, Mary Ireland Davis, J. W.Ferguson,(Swift Champ, W. R. Blakemore, Wallace Mitchell, J. Frank Clay,Thompson Tarr, Hugh Montgomery, J.H. Butler, Dnncan Bell, Laura Wiggins, James H. Thompson, WilliamFerguson, V. W. Ferguson, Ray Taylor, J. S. Roberts, J. 2W. Davis, Frederick W. Wallis, Jennie K. Lyle, BrinkRenick, Harry Clay, Miller Ward, M.H Dailey, Ford Brent and Mrs. Pigg ;Misses Bess Holliriay,Mayme Holliday,Lottie Holliday, Kate Alexander Annie .Clay and Marl ha Fergnsoc-May Attend Alumni Banquet.Homeopathic physicians in all- partsof the country are preparing to turntoward New Zorfc within the next fewdays, to attend the annual meetingand banquet of the Alumni Associationof the New York Homeopathic MedicalCollege, which will be held on Memorial Day, Thursday, May 30tb. Parismay be represented at the meetingand banquet, as Dr. Vansant is a graduate of the college, of the class of '79.He has received an invitation to attend.Use Chinamel.Nothing improves the home at solittle cost as Chinamel. Make theold floors look new. We sell it.21-2t VARDEN & SON.The Bicycle Store.Visit our second.floor and see thecomplete line of bicycles we have iuseocb:. All sizes and pricesline or all kinds of supplies.21-4t LAVIN & CONNELL.Use Chinamel.Nothing improves the home at solittle cost as Chinamef. Make the-floors look new. We sell it.21-2t VARDEN & SON.44Roxie" Daui$ !Cbe Insurant fluentFullEntertainment at Escondida.The Escondida school will give anentertainment and ice cream supper atthe school house on Monday evening,May 27. The proceeds will go to theschool.For Home Use.Order your wet goods, such asbeers, wines, old. liquors, ere, fromus and it will have prompt attention.Family trade solicited. Call overeither 'phone. Let us stock yourcellerette for the Conclave.21-3t B. WEISSBERG.Selected As Member.At the meeting of the ExecutiveCommittee of the Confederate Veterans Association held in LexingtonSaturday, Col. E.;F. Clay, of Paris,was selected to serve as a member ofthe committee for the ensing year.No Meeting oS Board Held.It was currently reported yesterdayafternoon and evening that there wouldbe a meeting of the School Board heldlast night as an effort was beine rmadeto get the body together. After athorough investigation of the rumor itwas ascertained the plans to get theBoard together did not materialize andSecretary F. L. Lansley last nightstated thatt here had been no meetingcalled and to his knowledge there werenone scheduled for any date in the nearfuture.Attractive Styles.Shirts, neckwear and light weighthose that are most attractive inmaterial, style and finish. 10-4tMITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.Locates in Florida.Mr. Ray Shipp, son of Mr. and Mrs.V. K.a Shipp, formerly of this city,who have been residing in OklahomaCity, Okla.. has purchased a farmnear Arcadia, Fla., and moved lastweek to that ' place. Mr. Shipp willset out a number of orange and grapefruit trees and while they are maturing will engage in the business oftruck farming.Conclave Pennants.Souvenir Conclave Pennants now on21-2t PARIS BOOK CO.Ankle Badly Spraind.Miss Ethel Harp, aged fifteen years,was thrown from a buggy yesterdaymorning on the Lexington pike nearthis city and sustained a dislocatedankle. The accident was the result ofthe horse Miss Harp was driving taking1"' fright at an interurban car. Incompany with her mother, Mrs. Geo.Harp and her 'cousin, they were enroute to attend a sale in Fayettecounty. When the horse becamefrightened the other occupants of thevehicle jumped from the buggy andwhen Miss Harp attempted to get outthe horse plunged, throwing her beneath the wheels. She was picked upand put aboard the 'interurban' car andbrought to this city where she wasattended by Dr. F. M. Faries, and thelatter removed to her home on theGeorgetown pike.Graduating Gifts.Don't forget the girl or boy who isto graduate soon. Remember themwith a suitable gift. We have mostappropriate nresents. Call and lookthem over.17-2t PARIS BOOK STORE. "ManyYears'ExperienceWith a reputation based upontwenty-five years of successfulbanking experience theThe Bourbon Bank andTrust Co.;. Paris, Kentuky,&r..has amended its' charter so as. tobe able" to act as Bxecutor or Administrator of Estatesas Guardianor Trustee and any other fiduciarycapacity.With ample capital and surplusand long experience, its TrustDepartment is eminently qualifiedto render efficient service.'- ... "iBourbon Bank 4 Trust Co.,. Paris, Ky.4Capital and Surplus $146,000.003 per cent, paid on Time DepositsILife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Pa'ing Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Calf.2 Helios 137 vINOW IS THE TIME TOSpecial Showing of fLace Curtains and DraperiesNow is the Time to Make Your SelectionsBefore the Best Numbers Are Gone ....I am in a position to show you the largest and best assortedstock in this part of the State. I make a specialityof thisdepartment ana can save you money. Allloiour l curtamsare bought direct from the manufacturers, therefore cutting out the middle-man profit. Many numbers I buy inlarge quantities say fifty and hundred pairs a inglerice and give you the benefit of the saving, Cul tainsold heretofore at$ 2.00 novv$1.50 $ 6.50 now$5.002.50 now 1 .75 7.50 now 6.SO3.50 now 2.50 1 0.OO now 7.505.00 now 4.00 1 2.50 now 1 0.OOWe have in stock any kind, any price and if you giveus the'opportunity will please you.W. Ed Tucker!7Agent Butterick PatternsALWAYS THE NU.rFee'sConclave SpecialsFor Friday & Saturday"If It Isn't an EastmanIt Isn't a Kodak'KODAKS, $5 to $20BROWNIE CAMERAS,$1 to $12A Full Line of Supplies. -DAUGHERTYBROSSugar Cured Hams, per lb 171-2cS. C. "Ideal" Bacon, per lb 151-2cChase & Sanborn's Coffee, per lb 30c3 cans Elephant Corn for 25c3 cans Golden State Peaches for 45c3 cans Golden State Apricots for 45cSTONE'S ASSORTED CAKESMephisto, Raisin, Silver-Slice and Spanish.COUNTRY CLUBRibbon, Chocolate, Caramel and White Layer Cakes.Place orders a day ahead for Cake Specialties.Fee's Grocery Co.ixmJSon'i. you knour heie aAe los of people,itho "uoxtid noi ilke heir honAeA o be jiified up, 40 eveAyiro cLy eoxticl 6ee he kind of fixArAL-uAe' and AixaA hey, have.2oxi and q9 would no mind; would ure?.Q.Aen our husbands aood 0 -as 0 aixre 116 J.ua. iufhaeser tire isan 0 beaiiffy ouA homes irih?7l6 ys.bndeA ise aAe happy! " - -3xi gVc- ajLQsavA p:raciced economy;bxna hin& f o r h hom.et M'xre . bo.a:h'it;.be , i i iAii?- bu ha he eheape6. - .0 rSo lona,JCoxl.(P.S.yoi ae he Les fxrnixi re, -and -a AeaAonable p rice xS, fAomI T. HintonVvvTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 21, 1912renlinWindow ShadesJayiiesville and New WayRR PLANTERS jU Look much better, last longer!S Tini;n shades are the cheanest vou can buy. True, they costEra trifle more than ordinary shades at first, but they last severatimes longer. For Brenlin is made of closely woven cloth without the ' filling" that makes other shades crack, wrinkle, fade andshow unsightly "pin holes." Brenlin Shades always hang straightand smooth, and really shade. Itisfalseeconomynottohavethem.BRENLIN is made in many artistic tones and in BrenlinDuplex colored one side, white the other. Come m and let usenow you samples and quote prices.Get results, are not complicated and have all up-to-datefeatures.For Sale by J. T. Hintonmmg TWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentAll the Latest Ideas inSPRIG CLOTHIHGNow On DisplayLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.L. Sc N. TIME-TAEBLIN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.No.341342971040373123326259138385393083231Trains ArriveFROMAtlanta, Ga., Daily ; ; 5 21 amLexington, Ky., Daily 4.34amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.85 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday : 7-55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 amCincinnati, O., DBily 9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , 10.20 amLexington, Ky,, Daily .10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . . .12.00 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 4 3.IO pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pmKnoxville,Tenn.. Daily 3 05 rm:n Tr -rk:i i.uictyavine, n.y., uauy 5.25Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday ; 5.40Lexington, Ky., Daily 6,03Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Exceot Sundav ' .fi.nsJacksonville. Fla., Daily 6 05pmpmpmampmCincinnati, O., Daily ; 10:50 pmTrains IDe-peirtNo.84429TOCincinnati. O., Daily ; 5Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.j-exingcon, jy., uaiiy jsxcepu sunaay 7,Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday ""s!Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday : s,Lexington, Ky., Daily 9,Knoxville, Tenn. , Daily ; . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9'Jacksonville, Fla. , Daily ; . . . .10 .Lexington, Ky. , Daily .... . . . . . . . . 10,Maysville, K.. Daily . . .12,Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ".12Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sundav 338 Cincinnati, O., Daily . 39 Rowland, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday ". 5,39 Lexington, Ky.. Dally Except Sunday .' 5,32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 'q8 Maysville, Ky., Dailv Except Sunday '.'.". ' 630 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6,31 Lexington, K., Daily " 'q13 Atlanta, Ga. , Daily . . . . . . . . . .V. . .101013737331336262528 am35 am.47 am.20 am.20 am.57 am.55 am.24 am.27 am.05 pm.iM amM pm.40 pm.52 pm.57 pm,10 tm.15 pm.25 pm.55 pm.57 pSAYS SCIENCE HOLDS SECRET"Study and Talk," Says Wife, "I Don'tLcve You;" Judge Gives ManAbsolute Divorce.New York. Frederick W. Vroom, amining engineer, was granted a finaldecree of divorce from Maude M.Vroom by Supreme Court Justice Newburger. The record in the case shows thatVroom appealed to his wife, after shehad separated from him, to return toher home, and she told him that ifhe consulted a scientist he would soonbe consoled to her absence. She isnow said to be living in Los Angeles,Cal., as the wife of Emil Mouler Heinescy, a teacher of the French language. "I asked you not to write," she replied to a particularly strong letterfrom her husband, "and knowing mydread and weakness, you did it justthe same. When I analyze it. myselfit does seem to me right."The same feeling- should promptyou to say to me, 'Yes, go. I knowyou don't love me.' What do youwant with a woman without her heartand soul?"I am very, very sorry. But I amdetermined to be true to myself, nomatter what happens. I've neverbeen free before."Go to a scientist, study and talk.In a month you will Eee how and whyno one can really help us. We mustwork it out alone."The chief witness in the divorceproceeding was A. E. Lightener, attorney of the United States land office,Bakersfield, Cal. He testified thatMrs. Vroom lived in Los Angeles as"Mrs. Heinescy," after she had takena long trip to Mazatlan, Mexico, withthe French instructor.MAN ENTOMBED FOUR DAYSWhen Rescued He Is Unconsciousand Almost Frozen 3,000 CubicMeters of Soil Removed.Milan Military engineers toilingin squads of fifty over an uninterrupted stretch of eighty-five hours haveeffected a marvelous rescue at Verona.While working at the bottom of adeep well a mason named Maccacarowas buried alive through the fallingin of the sides. His son, who hadjust managed to escape upon his father's peremptory order as soon as thedanger became apparent, ran off tothe barracks to raise an alarm. Therescuers, buoyed up with but smallhopes of reaching the victim alive,were obliged to excavate a species ofamphitheater to a depth of 40 feet.In the process no less than 3,000cubic meters of soil and stone wasremoved; in other words, as muchdebris as a gang of twenty diggerswould normally excavate in a coupleof months' hard work.The rescue corps had got well intotheir fourth day's exertions beforeMaccacaro was unearthed, unconscious and half frozen, beneath aheap of fallen scaffolding, which hadchanced to form an archwork over hisbruised and prostrate body and sosaved his life. Despite his terribleexperience Maccacaro is steadily recovering.ARE LOCKED IN BY BURGLARSFamily Penned Upstairs by HouseBreakers After Alarm WiresAre Cut.Woodbury, N. J. Burglars madeanother call on Postmaster IsaacHaines, but they took precautions notto meet the fate of a midnight visitorat the Haines home two years ago,when an intruder was shot by thepostmaster. On this trip the burglarlocked the postmaster and his familyupstairs, detached the alarm wiresand then opened all the doors on thefirst floor, so a hasty retreat could bemade. The telephone boxes andmoney drawers were looted and considerable stock was taken from thestore. The store of Charles Hugheswas also visited, and the haul fromthe two places was large eftough tofill a wagon.IN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3, 1911.Trains rrrveNo.v FROM' 2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ; , .V,4o pm8 Tjouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday . .5.50 pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only .io. 00 pmTrains Depart1T0. TO46 L Frankfort & Louisville, Sundav Only . : 7. 10 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday V 7.43 amlFran&fort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday . . .9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky DailyExcept Sunday -. : . . ; . . . ;.5.52am9f .; . . . . 'U. S. PAYS CIVIL WAR DEBTGovernment Remits $1.77 Owed toUnion Veteran for Forty-NineYears.St. Paul, Minn. Another proof thatUncle Sam is honest and will pay hisdebts as soon as he can is on exhibition at the office of Julius Schmahl,secretary of state, at the capitol. ItIs a check for ?1.77 which was received by Charles A. Rose, documentclerk. Uncle Sam has been owing Mr.Rose this money fever since 1863 andhas at last got enough ahead to paythe debt. In 1863 Mr. Rose was transferred from one company of volunteers to another and at the time of histransfer there was due him ?1.77. Theamount was never paid and Mr. Rosehad even forgotten that he had itcoming until the check arrived a fewdays ago.-ETTJLAlso all Types ofmm Jb -tf (U)"VSTFOR SALE BYBourbon Oarage & SupplyCor. 4th and High Sreets,Paris, KentuckyCo.IEThelNettletonFattening Hogs on Prunes.Palouse, Wash. M. V. Ewing, apioneer farmer living eight miles westof here, has a twenty-five acre pruneorchard which, he says has yieldedDig Teturns for many years. In answer to suggestions that it would payto dig up his orchard and plant theland to wheat, he replied. "If noneof the crop was marketed, the orchardwould pay if devoted entirely to hogs."Hogg would not only thrive andgrow well on prunes after they heganto fall frdm the trees, but they wouldfatten on them alone without feedinga pound of grain." , :Jap ModelrIs the BusinessMan's Favoritewith its comfortable, roomy fittingqualities, its low,broad heel, and toeexpression of goodsense.We picture the JapModel in a soft GlazedKid Blucher, with aheavy single sole of oldfashioned oak - tannedleather. We have othermodels of the NettletonMake, but recommendthe Jap to the busy manfor every day wear.Geo. McWilliams.Couldn't Walk!"I used to be troubled with a weakness peculiar towomen," writes Mrs. Anna Jones, of Kenny, 111. "Fornearly a year, I could not walk, without holding my sides.I tried several different doctors, but I grew worse. Finally,our druggist advised Cardui for my complaint I was sothin, my weight was 115. Now, I weigh 163, and I amnever sick. I ride horseback as good as ever. I am infine health at 52 years."TAKEThe ...WomarTsTomcWe have thousands of such letters, and more arearriving daily. Such earnest testimony from those whohave tried it, surely proves the great value of this vegetable, tonic medicine, for women.Cardui relieves women's sufferings, and builds weakwomen up to health and strength. If you are a woman,give it a trial. . It should help you, for it has helped a million others. It ismade from pure, harmless, herb ingredients, which act promptly and surely on the womanly organs.It is a good tonic. Try it! Your druggist sells itWrite to: Ladies' Advisory Dept., Chattanooga Medicine Co., Chattanooga, Tenn.,for Special Instructions, and 64-page book, "Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 58Woodland Stock FarmHeadquarters for Draft Horses.Of BOURBON POULTRY CUREdown a chick's throat curesfapes. A few drops in therinking water cures and1 prevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Diseases oi jj'owjs" sem ij jtuaj.Bourbon Remedy Co. Lexington, IjW.T4Brac ks, Cru jgistBLACK PRINCENo. 48710.$15 to Insure.BLACK" PRINCE - Bought, of theGreenville Stock Farm, is a splendidtype of the draft horse, three yearsold, black Percheron, 17C0 pounds inweight. Has proven to be a sure foalgetter and is the kind of horse thatwill appeal to your fancy both inlooks and work. Yoa can make nomistake in breeding to him.j Black Percheron. Wt. 1760$1 5 to Insure,BURLEYis a splendid Specimen of thedraft horse and his get have proven,to be of the very beat. There is a steadily growing demand for the class ofhorses produced by Burley.bothpon.the farm and in the cities. Tney canstand more work than the general runof horses. Burley is 7 years old, abeautiful black. He is well formedand of the class that catches the eye.In selecting a horse to breed to, select one whose produce commandsthe best price.The above horses will make the season of 1912 at Woodland Stock FarmAbout 7 miles North oParis on the Cynthiana"pike.Money due when colt isfoaled, mare transferred or bred to other stock without my consent. Lienretained on all colt3until season money is paid. Care taken to prevent accidents but no responsibility assumed should any occur. :STERLIN6 HiNKSON, Lair, Kentucky.rTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 21, 1912.I5152P1Hif KaLook for tils Sign on Leading Garages1fjpc cannoi know what a good tire is tPr urdil you try a Mickelin properly inflated J&StkSTOCK BYYERKES & PRICHARD,Fourth and Pleasant.3Locanda3:02The Fastest Son of Allerton 2:09Sired, by Allerton 2:09, the world's leading sire of standard performers?danrKatharina (great brood .mare), by Alcyon 2:27; second dam KatieJackson; by Almont 33. Holder of world's pacing record, miles, 3:15XTERMS: $50 TO INSURE A LIVING FOAJLPeter Billiken (3) 2:16 1-4Son of Peter The Great 2:07,leading sire of futurity winners, dam Baron Lassie, by Baron Wilkes 2:18."Wmner'of 6-heat race against aged horses.Terms: $50 to Insure a Living foal.(2) 2.19i r of Black Wig 2:0?X. Remorseful 2:0S, Dorcas H. 2:0 Betsy G.2:10, Katherine A. 2:11X (Ky. Futurity winner 1902), Bessie Brown 2:12,Nedra W. 2:14, Rena Wise 2:15, Sheeney 2:15, Wig Wag 2:16X, (champion of Europe) Durgee 2:19X and twenty-three others in 2:30 list-.$25 To Insure a Living Foal.The celebrated James E. Clay jack, will make the season at Maplehurst StockFarm. TomJMack is the best breeder of mules that euer stood in the county.$1 2 to Insure a Living Foal.W. A. BACON, Paris, Ky.OONSTANZA 44739Bay Stallion, 16.1 hands; 1,209 pounds.Sired by Constantine 2:12 1-2.Sire of 60 in 2:30.1 dam Katherine Rogers by Sentinel Wilkes 2499(Dam of Senorita, trial 2:08; rec, (Son of Geo. Wilkes 5192:14, Ashlawn, 2:24), Joe Alverton2:26, Nutlawn trial 2:12X2 dam Bertha Rogers by Pretender 1453DAM OFDorris Wilkes 2.14Bedelia B 2:14Pay Girl r..2:12Grandam of 3 in 2:303 dam Lela Sprague by Gvo. Sprague 2:20DAir opEdna Simmons 2:12Belle Sprague 2:20, trial 2:10Grandam of 3 in 2:30 .4 dam Constance HT.S'y Hamlet 160 .DAil OF1 Brooklawn 2:18 .2 Jim Long, sire of 2 in 2:303 Elinora, dam of Bay of Victor 2:304 Winnie Constance, dam of EthelRay 2 :225 Jtfudra, dam of Mudr 3na 2:266 Black Walnut, sire of 1.5 dam by L. I. Black Hawk 24CONST ANZA will make present season at Brooklawn Farm 2 miles easfrom Hufcchisoa Station 6 miles south from Paris on Bethlehem pike.$10 to Insure a Live Colt.GABEBLACK J.ACK$10.00 to insure a liya colt Season money due when colt comes alive.Mares transferred, parted with or removed from county Accidents of everykind at owner's risk.S. D. BURBRIOGEy Hutchison, Ky.Lexington E. Tenn. Phone 698 A.No Business Transacted ou Sunday.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTE .Hawthorne, the unbeaten two-year-oldgelding, has Jbeen sold by C. H.Coyle to C. F. Bushmeyer. of Louisville, for $12,500.Frank P.Kiser, ofParis. buughtlast week from .J. M. Caldwell, whofives at "Oakland Farm," an extragood driving mare, for $200.W. D. Mclntyre, of Millersburg,bought four head of heifers, at $35per head, and a cow and calf from DanCrow, in Nicholas county, last week.J. Miller Ward, of near Paris,closed a deal last week with a Bourbon county buyer, for the sale of theblue grass seed from six hundredacres of land, comprising the seedirom three different farms. The pricepaid was $4,500.Albert Moffett. of Millersburg.bought Jaat week from S. S. Clay, ofNicholas county, a bunch of yearlingcattle, to be delivered October 1, at5 cents per J pound. William B.Woodford has sold the gass seed from700 seres of land to C. S. Brent &Bro., of Paris, at 3,500.Commonwealth's Attorney J. C.Dedman has filed suits in Harrison.Robertson, Pendleton and Nicholascounties, comprising the EighteenthJudicial District, asking judgmentagainst the- International HarvesterCompany for $5,000 and costs, that being the penalty for entering into atrust, pool, etc., to control prices.r-This spring has been a bad one onlittle pigs, but the ones that nave pulled through ought to look about as goodas gold to the farmer for the hogmarket is not going to be glutted .fursome time yet. There should be someconsolation in the fact that every Digthat has succumbed to the elementswill make his more fortunate brotherand sister worth a little bit more.The price of hemp, since 'the perfection of the O'Neill hemp-breakingmachine, has advanced, and farmerswho are growing a crop will make goodmoney. In Fayettecounty. R. H. Wilson, who has fifty acres in hemp, hasrefusedB$7per one hundred pounds forhis er.tire crop. Elmendorf is growing300 acres of hemp, which managerBerryman sold in advance to an Easternsyndicate, at th market price. Withthe troublesome question of gettinglaborers to break out the hemp eliminated, there will probably be a greatincrease next year in the acreage.Reports from various sections indicate that the Blue grass seed outlookis somewhat better than last year,though in some sections it is yet quitebackwaid and it is hard to' tell justwhat the outcome will be at this time.In Shelby county Jmost pastures havebeen grazed over, therefore, there willbe very little seed stripped. This isalso true in Woodford and some otherSouthern counties. In Montgomery,Bourbon and Nicholas counties, the cropat the present time is very flourishing,yte there i3 a good dealjo fundergrowthand weeds in some pastures. In Fajette county a great deal of the bluegassland will be grazed, but quite a Jarg !portion was plowed up a few years agofor tobacco and other crops.The State Department of Agriculture has issued the following crop bulletin :"The crop report for May, renderedas the conditions 'existing May 1,shows a decreased acreage of wheatoriginally sown in Kentucky last fall,91.4 per cent of average crop. Thisspringjhere has been abandoned 7.6per cent of this original acreage, leaving 83.8,'per cent of average crop inacreage, condition of which s 79 percent. Condition ofr.ve, 85.2 percent;oats 88.6 per cent."There has been but little cornplanted, and only 51.1 per cent of theplowing, a great deal of which wasdone last falll, lis reported. The unusual amount of rainfall has interfered materiallyvwith the sowing ofoats and with the plowing of corn.The indicated acreage of corn showsan unusualy large crop was planned,but whether weather conditions willpermit this is'yet to be detei mined."The indicated acreage of dark tobacco is 98.2 per cent, and the Burleyacreage is 96 per cent. Condition oftobacco beds in dark district is givenas 93.6 per cent and of beds for Burleytobacco 92.7 per cent."Practically all fruit is killed insome sections of Kentucky, while inother portions an average condition isreported. Apples 86.b per cpnt ;Deaches. 55.1 per cent; plums, 83.5 percent ; cherries, 81.1 per cent; grapes,89 1 per cent. The condition of thestrawberry crop is 90.3 per cent. Condition ofjiva stock is reported as'hardly being "up to the average. Grass conditions are unusually good. The lossfrom hog cholera for the last twelvemonths is 7.3 per cent."The flooded district in Kentuckyhas brought down the general averageof all crops more or less, as many fieldsof wheat and oats were reported asbeing entirely ruined as the result offlood conditions. In many sections rainhas interfered "with the planting ofgardens, and some report3 show no potato acreage."The June crop will show the totalacreage of corn, oats and Potatoes,and no effort has been made to ol tainthe total acreage of these crops, owingto the lateness of the season."One Sort of Philosophy."Mother, did you learn to cook before you got married?" "J did not. Imarried first. There's no use learninga trade until you know you're goingI to need it." Detroit Free Press.Hot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits You are next.M. A. KAHAL.Now is the time to get rid of yourrheumatism. You'can do it by applying Chamberlain's Liniment andmassaging the parts freely at eachapplicatin. For sae by all dealers.Example of Jeweler's Skill.. A skillful French jeweler has madea perfect watch and set it inside apearl but a little more than half aninch in diameter. . ;-. 'A Great Building Falls.when its foundation 13 undermined,and if, the foundation of health gooddigestion is attcaked, quick collapsefollows. On the first sign of indigestion, Dr. Kings' New Life Pills shouldbe taken to tone the stomach and regulate liver, kidneys and bowels. Pleasant, easy, safe and only 25 cents atOherdorfer's.Wanted a Variety.That is a good story of the charming American woman, who was aboutto partake for the first time of whatour English cousins call "high meat."Pheasant, I believe it was, was aboutto be served and the butler askedher: "Wlil you 'ave some of it staleor 'igh,' ma'am?" And the guest graciously replied: "You may serve mea little of both its tail and its eye,please."KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."Hourly High Speed ThroughService.Paris Lexington FrankfortDivision.Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort e"ery hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m..and at 10 p.m.,.the last car going onlyas far as VersaillesGars, leave Lexington for Versailles.Frankfort and Paris, every hour from6 a. m. until 7 p. m, and at 9 andll d.rn., the last car going only as far asVersailles.Cars leave Versailles for Lexingtonand Paris every 15 minutes after thehour f romJ6 :15 a. in. until 8:15 p.m.and at 11:15 p. m.. last car going onlyas far as Lexngton.Cars leave Versailles for Frankfortevery 45 minutes after the hour from6:45 a. m. until 7:45 p. rn., and at 9:45p. m.Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington arid Paris every thirty minutes after the hour from 6:30 a. m.until 7:30 p. m., and 10:30 p . in., thelast car going only as far as Lexington. GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTONNICHOLAS VILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexington and Nicholasville ;every forty-fiveminutes after the honr from 5:45 a. m.until 6:45 p..m., and at 8:05 and 10:05p. m.Cars leave'Lexington for Nicholasville every thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7 :30 Hp. m.,and at 9 and 11 p. m. 3tieeti3Cars leave Nicholasville tor Lexington every'fifteen minutesaf ter the hourfrom 6:15a.Jm. until 8:15 p.m. and at10:15 p.Jm.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetown every hour on the hour from 6a. m. until 7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p.m.No 6 a. m. cars on Sunday .17-tfFor Rent.Front room over gas office. Suitablefor office. For further particulars apply atNews office.Porto Rico's New Wonder.From far away Porto Rico come reports of a wonderful discovery that isbelieved will vastly benefit the people.Ravmon T. Marchan. of Bareelnnfita.writes "Dr. King's New Discovery i?doing splendid work here. It curedme about five times of terrible coughsand colds, also my brother of a severecold in his chest and more than 20others, who used it on my advice. Wehone this great medcine will yet beFold in every drug store in PortoRico." For throat and lung troublesit has no equal. . A trial will convinceyou of its merit. 50c and SI. 00. Trialbottle free. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer. . "Egyptian Baron sun.Trial over 3-4 Track S3condsSlow 2:09 1-4Sired by Oakland Baron 2:09. winner of the Kentucky Futurity. Sireof Gail Hamilton 2:06. Rhythmic2:06. Baron De Shay 2 :08.1st dam Egyptiehne, race rec)d,2 18. dam. of Egyptian Baron or?2:09. Egyptienne by Mambrino K(tr1279, sire of Lady of the Manor 2:04inHeir-at-Law 2:05 3-4, Lord Derby2:U5 3-4, grand sire of Minor Heir1 :58.2nd dam Bay Hambletonian (by Hambletonian 10, sire of George Wilkes(2:22.) Bav Hambletonian dam ofHenrietta 2:17. Ecyptienne 2:18, DonFulano 2:22 (sire of Maude M.2:15 3-4. Best Chimes 2:25J;) Artie(dam of Artie King 2 :19J,Nora Chimes2:23i. Tornado Chimes 2:24, LydiaVincent 2:28J.) Lady Bug (dam ofJune Bug 2:29J) Mink (darn of Comanche 2:22J)Third dam by Gold Dust 150.EGYPTIAN BARON is a black horse15.2. A grand individual and one ofthe best representatives of the greatBaron Wilkes, now known as theFuturity family. He is one of thefastesi best headed horses in Kentucky, and has been a mile over mythree-quarter track, which is at leastthree seconds slower than Lexington,in 2:09, last half in 1 :03J, last quarter in :30i. Although he is a pacer,he was a natural and fast trotter andcould trot in 2:40 at two years old.Was raced a little for educatiaon. andproved himself a game level headedrace horse, and if he stays right, wepredict a record of 2 :05 or better thisyear. He has served a few mares, andhis colts are good individualsand fast.One, a yearling, out of ,a pacing mare,is one of the best trotters, for hiswork, I ever had trotted a mile, withfew days work, last fall, in 2:58i. lasthalf in 1 :26. last quarter in :42.Egyptian Baron will serve a few approved mares at$25 to Insure a Living Foal.Care taken, but no responsibilityassumed .for accidents or escapes.Money due in all cases if mare changeshands or is parted with. Mares kepion grass at $1.00 per week.DOUGLAS THOM AS, Paris Ky.Job PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Bone Good!TRE JQB RGOfflS OFTHEByRBNNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting , on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOG ,POSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure, with you on.on; your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.Che Bourbon Hews,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.ryi it i n n u 11 u n 11 it vwwTHE BQURBQN NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 21, 1912.Swings.Beantiful new line of lawn and porchtawings. The nicest lot we have everJ. T. BINTON.jGetxoa bytfRefrigerators.the new Iceberg refrigeratorA. F. WHEELER & CO.Refrigerator Time.Now is the time to think about thatnew refrigerator for this summer. Wehave the largest stock we have everbrought on. See the line, they are thekind that save ice.ti. T. HINTON.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfr"Zh Borne of Correct Tootwear.99DAN COHEN!The Time toBuy is Now,The PlaceOUR STOREYou will save timeyou purchase yourrner Footwear here,assortment ofand money whenSpring and SumWe have a largeWhite Shoes and Pumpsin Canvas and Nu-Buck for Women'and Children at a range of prices tosuit the most economical shoppers.These bargains could not be duplicated anywhere outside our store.Pit.vA SureSee our line of Pumps and Colonials in allpopular leathers and fabrics. For fit, style andcomfort they are not surpassed.-The prices are unusually low, qualitysidered.con-41Keep cool end comfortable in a pair of thefamous Walk-Over Oxfords. We have them in allthe latest styles in Black and Tan Oxfords.N,We Save You Money on YourFootwear Purchases.DA IN COHEN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky.BASE BALL.aFRIDAY.Paris lost to therColts. Friday, byscore of 7 to 1. The locals were saveda shut-out when, in the last framethey counted their only run. Vallandineham was invincible, and only onehit was made off his delivery, whileHauser. who last year was a thorn inthe side of the Colts, was hit freely.The score :Paris 00000000 1Lexington 00230020 x-7Batteries Paris. Hauser and Delehant: Lexington, Valandingham. andValandingham; Hits Paris 1, Lexington 11 ; Error Paris 3, Lexington3; Three-base hits Edmonson, Woodcock; Home Runs Ellis ; First baseon balls off Valandingham, 2; offHauser. 2; Stolen bases Baschang.Valandingham; Struck out byValandu gham, 7, by Hauser. 3; Lefton bases Lexineton, 6, Parisr 2;Sacrifice Hits Valandingham, 2;Sacrifice fly Valandingham : Doubleplays Kuhlman to Harrell to Popkin;Valandingham to Woodcock to Edmonson; Harrell to Popkin; Bauer toEdmonson; Passed balls Valandingham. 1 ; Hit by pitcher Baschang,Koehler ; Time 1 :45 ; UmpireKelley. -Frankfort2, Maysville 7.Winchester 5, Richmond 4. ?-Three base hits Delehant.. Home runGiddo. Left on bases Paris 6.Frankfort 6. Struck out by Popken6, by Harold 1 ; by Wahl 1. Base onballs off Popken 2T off Harold 4.Sacrifice hits Goodman 2, Gfoerer,Seeback. Time 1 :45. Umpire-Kane.Attendance 150.Lexington 3, Richmond 0.Maysville 9, Winchester 0.MATRIMONIAL.Buys PortionSATURDAY.In a contest lacking in interest Maysville won from Paris Saturday afternoon by the score of 5 to ?. The Rivermen sewed up the arae m the fifthinning and took a lead which the Bourbonite3 with all their efforts could notovercome.Tne local? started tne contest in amanner which eave every evidence ofresulting in the defeat of the visitors, due tneir lead was ovenaicen inthe fourth inniner, when with two menon bases, Sanforcf, the Maysvill pitcher, planted tne can over tne nign cen-tertield fence for a home xun, scoringthe two runners before hirr.Paris was not lacking in the numberof hits but the men were unable toconnect saf-ly when safeties were"eeded, and as a result several opporrjnties to score were lost. A stunidmove on the Dart of Manager Lewiin the tighlh inning, when with thebases full, and one out he yankedCampbell, who had been hitting theball successfully, out of the game, andsubstituted Dunlan, who Sanfordwonted for. three straight strikes.The long running catches of Welshand Dunlap featured the contest, theformer goinz to the left held foul lineand Dulling down a long drive fromLocke's bat, and the latter made a sensational running catch of Sanford'slong fly in the eighth. The score:Paris 11000000 1-Maysville 0 0032000 05Batteries Paris, Koehler and Delehant; Mavsville. Sanford and Snyder,Elits Paris 10, Maysville 10. ErrorsParis 3, Maysville 3. Earned runsParis 1, Maysville 2. Home Run Sanford. Base on balls off Sanlord 3,off Koehler 3. Hit bv Ditcher Popker. Struck out by Sanford 6. Koehler 3. Sacrifice hits Cbver, Benton.Stolen Bases Harrell, Comingore.Wild pitch Sanford. Double playsWilliams to uarmony. rime ot game1:50. Umpire Kelly. Attendance-250.SNAPP SMITH.Mr.'Fred R. Smith, foreman ofone ot the construction comnanies atwork near Shawhan, and Miss Maggiebnapp. of near Austerlitz station,E.were quietly married Friday afternoon.at two o'clock, at the residence of Mrs.Kussen lviann, on Pleasant street.Kev. hJ. M L.ightfoot, pastor of theoapusi cnurcn, pertorming the ceremony.The ceremony was witnessed bv Mr.and Mrs. Wm. M. Hall, Mr. J. M.Moreland and Mr. George R. Davis.After the ceremony the young couDleleft on the afternoon tram for Freemont. Ind., the home of the bridegroom, where they will remainMortwo weeks, after which they will return to Paris and go to. housekeeping.A marriage license was issued Friday to Mr. Fred R. Smith and MissMaggie E. Snapp.The Quality House.'The House of Quality'for Jewelry.Shire & Fithian.DEATHS.SUNDAY.Paris took two games from the Lawmakers Sunday afternoon, the first byscore oi Jb to 0 and the last game 6 to5. The first contest was long drawnout, and a shabby exhibition. Thelocals hit Langfitt freely and Myerswho was sent to the mound in the fifthwas as wild as a March hare, and thelocals found no difficulty in gettingruns around. Disgusted with the nerformance of his pitcher Manager Fisher took the mound in the eighth andfinished the game. After the fifth inning Blankenship was invincible.Woods esseyed to pitch the secondcame for Paris, but was relieved inthe third by Hauser, who finished thegame in grand style.Tne localp got to Black in the fifth,when the Hid the score and won outin tne sixth. The score:First game :Paris 2 01 1 7005 x 16Richmond 1 2012000 06Batteries Paris .Blankenship andDelehant, Richmond, Langfitt, Myers,Fisher and Haines. Errors Paris 6,Richmond 5. Hits Paris 14, Richmond 13. Two ;base hits Harrell,Fisher, Goodman-, Murray, Haines,Blankenship, Locke. Base for. ballsoff BlankenshiD, 1, off Langfitt 3, offMvereJ. Struck out-by Blankenshp6, Langfitt 3, iVjyers 3, .Fisher i. Wildpitch Myers. Stolen bases Haines,Harrell, Gocdman 2, Locke, Delehant.Sacrifice hits Benton. Sacrifice flyHarrell. 6 hits off Lancfitt in fourinnings, 6 hits, 10 runs off Myers inthree innings. Hit by pitcher Ginter.Time of game 2:00. Umpire Kane.Second game:Richmond 1 1 3 0 0 0 05Paris 2 0 0 0 3 1 x 6Batteries Paris, Woods, Hauser andDelehant; Richmond, Black andHaines. Errors Richmond 3, Paris 4.Hit Paris 8 .Richmond 7. Two basenit- Hariell. Dcull.ulaj i Kuhlmanto Hauser, Lceke to Pupkeir, Murrayto Baird to Fisher. Sacrifice hitsHauser. Stolen Bases Goodman, Murray. 5 hits oil Wood in two innings,one hit off Hauser in five innings!Bases onfalls off;Wood 3, off Hausertwo. Struck out by Hauser 3, ByBlack 1. Wild pitch Hauser. Timeof game 1 :20. Attendance 900. UmpireKane. Lexington, 3-7 Frankfort, 1-8. "Maysville 9, Winchester 0.Paris lo3t to the Lawmakers yesterday afternoon in a listless game by ascore of 5 to 3. Popken pitched his firstgame for the locals and while he wasunsteady in the early stages he showedimprovement as the game piogressed.The kcais hit Harold, a former Parisnurier, irequentiy. out were unable tobunch their safeties when hits wereneeded. The score:Paris -11000010 03Frankfort 20200001 0-5Batteries Paris, Popken and Delehant; Frankfort, Harold, Wahl andGiddo. Hits Paris 15. Frankfort 11,-Errors Paris 2. . Two base hits Knhl-mar, Harrell 2; ,Dowell- StebackMr. Loms Rankin, aged about 60years, died at his home near Clinton-ville at an early hour yesterday mornmg after an illness of several years ofBright s disease. He is survived byhis wife and seven sons Please. B.,Lexington ; George and John, Chilesburg; Joseph, Millersburg; Abel andAden Bodkin, of Paris. The funeralwill be held Wednesday morning in theParis cemetery with services at thegrave by Rev W. E. Ellis.Mr. Fred G. Dennis, aged about 48years, died at his home in JunctionCity, Sunday after a long illness ofBright's disease. He is survived byhis wife who was formerly Miss MamieKriener, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Nicholas Kriener, of this city. Hewas an active member of the Odd Fellows and knights Templar, and verypopular. The funeral will be held atthe crave in the Paris cemetery thismorning at iu :.iu o clock, the remainsarriving on an early morning trainThe services wiil be conducted byRev. E. M. Lightfoot of the Baptistchurch. The nail bezrerswill be six.members of Coeur de Lion Commandery No. 26, of this cits.o! Steuben Prop- erty.Chas. A.. McMillan purchased yesterday of William Steuben, colored asmall strip of hi9 property on CiaatMain street, adjoining what in knownas the Cottontown briJge, for the sumot $300. Mr. McMi'lan in making thepurchase was acting for the citizensand property owners of East Paris- andthe property was nought for the purpose or. removing a portion ot tnebuilding to afford ample space for theconstruction of a foot bridge adjoiningthe structure over Stoner creek.At the last meeting of the FiscalCourt a number of citizens representedby Mr. Brink Renick petitioned thecourt to allow the construction of afoot bridge in connecton with the roadbridge which doe not afford a footpassage, and the matter was taken upby the court to determine whether thebridge was the property of the city orthe county, and also as to the safetyof the bridge to withstand the extraweicht of a foot passatre which wouldnecessarily be placed upon it.ine purchase of the small portion ofthe Steuban I property is an assurancethat the bridge will be built immediately and at the expense of the property owners in East Paris, who aredesirous of a better passage than thatafforded by the. present structure.; Curious Lort.It has been remarked as a curiouscircumstance that Bonaparte and Wellington were bora in the same year,and that Burns and Kogg, the Scotchpoets, were both born on Jan. 25; butit is more remarkable that the' twogreatest dramatic poets of modern Europe, Shakespeare and Cervantes, bothdied on the same day in the sameyear, April 23, 1616. It is further remarkable that Shakespeare, like thegreat Raphael and Sobieski, died onthe anniversary of his birth. FromFennell's Shakespeare Repository,185S.A Guarantee.If the bottom wears out before theupper breaks through, we replacethem with a new Dair Korrect Shapeshoes. v 10!4tMITCHELL & 8LAKEMORE.Conclave Pennants,Souvenir Conclave Pennants now on212t PARIS BOOK CO.Fly Contest.The Civic League met at the residence of Miss Lucy Simms yesterdayafternoon and interested a large number of children in the "fly contest"now on in Paris. Great interest is heing taken in this good work. It behooves all the children and even thegrown folks to get busy in this goodwork to exterminate the pest.Cool Straws and Panamas.In every braid, every shape you canwish tor. $2 to $-12.50.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Notice.The local committee of the KnightsTemplar have" secured tne services of afirm of professional decorators to. takecare of the decorations for ths comingevent, May 29 to 30, inclusive.Headquarters for decorations are at3 and 4 Broadway, where the AdamsExpress Co. were formerly Ijcated. Atthis place can be found a variety ofdesigns, etc.. at reasonable prices, forthose who wish to do their own decorating. Decorations can also be had on arented basis, the decorators supplyingall necessary material, putting ud andtaking down same, and charging onlyfor rental of goods and labor. Callany time." THE WM. BECK & SONS CO.,21-2t Decorators.Refrigerators.Our stock ot refrigerators is thelargest we have ever had. All kindsat all prices. Don't forget we areagents for the celebrated North Starthe best refrigerator in the world.J. T. HINTON.Cows Tried for Murder.Old documents of the middle agestell us of numerous cases where ani-rmals were put on trial for serious offenses charged against them. For example, in 1370 three cows were triedfor having killed a boy; the wholeherd 'were arrested as accomplices.All were discharged but the guiltythree, these being condemned to beexecuted. The sentence was pronounced by the duke of Burgundy.Our Dumb Animals.Dikes Foiled a Conquest.The University of Leyden in Holland was founded in 1575 as a monument to the gratitude for the nation'sdeliverance from a foreign enemy. TheSpaniards invaded the Dutch countryin 1574 and laid siege to the town ofLeyden, but the people held out andrefused to- surrender. The tactfulpuncture of one of the dikes saved thenation, driving the Spaniards away.Most Powerful Poison.The most powerful poison known isreported to have been extracted by aGerman chemist from the seeds of thericinus, the familiar castor oil plant,and has been attracting much attention on account of its remarkableproperties. Its power is estimated tobe so great that a gram about a thirtieth o an ounce would kill a million and a half guinea pigs.. Ready.The Rev. Mr. Gude "Isn't theresome one here who vill help us keepup interest in the church?" DeaconTightwad (suddenly awakening "I forone am prepared to raise the ratesto eight per cent, on chattel mortgages if the other money lenders inthe congregation will co-operate.-Testimonial.A grocer enjoys the unenviable notoriety of selling the worst goods in,the district, but he has not recoveredfrom the shock he got the other daywhen a little girl came into the shopand said.: "My ma sent me for twopounds of your best tea to kill ratswith, and a pound of finest ham, andmi;-:d and cut it in good thick slices,for it is to sole and heel my dad'sboots."'Uncle Pennywise Says:Style changes. In the old day3 amurderer always ate a hearty breakfast of ham and eggs just before going to the gallovs, but now he smokesa cigarette.- - iFancy Goods.Imperted cheese, Brick, Roquefort,Swiss, Jfull Cream, Jar cheese andPimento cheese. Fancy canned andluncheon goods.21-3t'. BRAMBLETT & TARR.iYouths Turn in Fire Alarm.Two young colored boys, scarcelyseven years of age, were responsiblefor the alarm that was turned "in yesterday about noon from Box 15. Thefire department responded to the calland when they arrived at the locationof the fire alarm box the firemen noticed two colored boys hurrying- off upVine street. After a short chase theywere caught and taken to the fire department headquarters where theywere given a thorough lecture. Theboys'were badly frightened and wereglad to get away on the promise neverto tamper with fire alarm boxes again.In the past few months there havebeen a number of fire x alarms'turned Jin through the pranks of children and 'x i . j t . ' rparents snouia give a wora or warningto their children in regard to thisThere is considerable danger attachedto a hurried run to a fire and no morechances than are necessary should behtaken.Every gallon pays a big dividendThere's as much difference between sprayed and unsprayed vegetables as there is between those grown on goodand poor soiL A gallon of spray material costs only a fewcents, but the increase in the value of vegetables sprayed withit amounts to dollars. Try spraying as an investment.J3ABJdS 3q Sop JO 9ZI1BSAJD OU JIA J 'SUOJS AJ3A pUH UIJOJ-xun si 4;u3uiip3s ou AjreDVpEJcl sureuoD uopE.recfe.id siqx 'sasBasipsnSunj ojuod AijEnrpsjp ia i uoirtip e3av b B pasn uaqAY piresD3sui Suisprts e ;sutbSb OAipajp si j -appiSunj pue apprpasuiub sh sjinsbj AJopEjspes ajsa S9AIS HOiniOS &nJ7$-3Wn M'$G. A. D AXJGrHE RT Y.ws Jirer jrm omif! YOU FACH 11910, by t o tanda .CopyrightFire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas Woodford & Go.WE live, we grow old, and the last years shouldbe free from care, instead of burdened withthe weight of having to provide. This should havebeen done in-youth hy the practice of frugality anda live bank account.United States Depository for Posta1SavFgs.We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accounts1 DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS. !Capital $100,000Surplus $30,000