THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND PRIDAY.IN THE YEAP,few.1VOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JANUARY 12, 1912Judge Mann Succumbs to Illness1WE KNOW HOW"r"Dep't Store,e and.earanee3Ends Jan. 27.SIMON DEPARTMENT STOREParis Kentucky -1hb$ NEWl 3 iiJFirst we promise to give our customers honest andcourteous treatment, and the same goods for less money.We promise to do a straight cash business during theyear 1912, and all who trade with us will sure get theirmoney's worth. You will get no duns from us. Youwon't have to pay the other fellow's debts and you canbe free and trade where you please. What does 30 dayscredit amount to? Not a thing, only higher prices foryour goods. Money is just as hard to raise in 30 daysafter date, as to pay as you go. Don't take our word, buttry for yourself.15 lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.00Damask Rose Corn, 2 cans 15cBaby Bunton Corn, 3 cans 25cSweet Potatoes, 2 cans 25cCrack Homney, per lb 2 lr-2cFlake Homney, per lb 4eFull qt, Karo Syrup .'. .10cGood Rice, per lb -5c.Prunes, per lb 10cMedium Size Mackerel '. . . 5cJudge Russell Mann, ex-CountyJudge of Bourbon, Confederate soliderand prominent lawyer.died at his homeon Pleasant street in this city yesterday afternoon at 1 :30 o'clock after anillness of several weeks of general tdebility. About five weeks ago Judge Mannsuffered an attack and has since beenconfined to his bed, although previousto that time he had a slight illnesswhich confined him to his room forabout a wetk, the direct cause beingrheumatism from which he had been aconstant sufferer for a number ofyears.At the opening of the Civil WarJudge Mann entered the service of theConfederate army enlisting in Company C, Ninth Kenhtucky, in thecompany cf Capt. Ed Taylor, and served in the command of General John H.Morgan. In this company he partici-j pated in all the principal events andcampaigns of General Morgan, up tothe time the intrepid cavalry leaderstarted7 with his command on the Ohioraid, when the company under Col. W.C. P. Breckinridge was transferred tothe command of General Wheeler.Judge Mann was a native of Nicholas coumy, but early in life movedwith his parents to Millersburg, wherethey resided for a number of years.Prior to his removal to Paris he resided on a farm and engaged in the pursuit of agriculture. He began thepractice of law and frst. served thiscounty inlthe capacity of County Attorney.On September 26, 18SS, the BourbonFiscal Court by a unanimous voteelected him to the office of CountyJudge to fill the vacancy occasioned bythe death of Judge Matt Turney, andserved until August 1889 when he wasnominated by the Democratic partyand elected for a term of four years.In 1894 he was a candidate for re-election but was defeated in the regularelection by Judge H. C. Howard, whosucceeded him in January 1895.Under the appointent of Governor J.C. W. Beckham Judge Mann was madeMaster Commissioner of the BourbonCircuit Court on June 28, 1905, whichoffice he held until the time of hisdeath. He was a prominent memberof the Bourbon bar and one of the bestknown attorneys of Central Kentucky.Until his late illness he has alwaystaken an active part in the affairs ofthe Confederate Veterans Association, of which he was a member. Heis survived by his wife, who beforemarriage was Miss Kate Hutchcraft.two sons, Mr. VVhittingtcn Mann, ofParis, and Attorney Ray Mann, ofLouisville, three daughters, MrsWalter ICenney, Mrs. R. S. Swangoand Mrgs. W. K. Dudley, of Paris.Uo to a late hour last night zhefuneral arrangements had not beencompleted.Large Size Mackerel, 3 for 2ocLenox Soap, 8 bars 25cArgo Starch, 3 boxes 10c5 oral, the best Oil - - 145cUSE BLUE RIBBON FLOURThe Best in the WorldBlue Ribbon Flour, 251b. Sack 70Blue Ribbon Fjpur, 50 lb. Sack 1.40Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.75ITlearance SaleON ALL WINTER GOODS !Suits, Overcoats, Underwear, Shirts andtigs. Now as Your Chance toa Suit or Overcoat at Reduced Prices.And if You Are in Need of Under Clothes, this is theStore to Make Your Purchase.$35.00 Suits and Overcoats $27.9530.00 Suits 1 23.9527.50 Suits . 21.9525.00 Suits J 1: 18.9522.50 Suits 16.9520.00 Suits ; 14.9518.00 Suits , 13.4515.00 Suits 11.9512.50 Suits J ! 9.9510.00 Suits 7.45Wanhaiian Sh$2.50 Shirts2.00 Shirts.1.50 Shirts.1.00 and $1.50 ShirtsFor THE Bargains SeeMitchell & BlakemoreIOutfitters to MenParis-, KentuckyIT. C. LENIHAIN, Prop.Both Phones 234Watch this Space Next Week,1AYfNo Shoddy GoodsWill be offered at Frank & Co.?s bigsale. But high claEs merchandise atvery low prices will be found in abundance.Fora' wn . &I PRICE & CO. immPer Cent. DiscountmmON ALLmiMen's and Boys' Suits andOvercoats, Underwear,Caps and Gloves.PRI6&& 60. Clothiersmm9111May Be Wanted In AtlantaMurder.Thomas Woods, colored, alias f HarryMatthews, alias Harry Stewart, wasarrested and landed in jail Mondaynight by ratrolman i? red Link, on acharge of robbery, and according to information may be a fugitive fromAtlanta. Ga.. wanted in that city formurder.The arrest of Woods came aboutafter a week of clever work on thenart of Patrolman Link,' who has beenon the close lookout for a number ofthieves that have teen opeiating inthis city. Woods, it is beileved, is atthe head of an organized banc1 thathave centered their opreations on thegroceries and othei stores in Paris,and have succeeded in making awaywith a large amount of goods.A few weeks Hgo the News publish'ed an account 01 a very Doid and successful scheme on the part of thenegroes in tha theft of goods fromvarious grocery stores and when thematter was reported to the policePatrolman Link went to work on thecase. Sunday night he met Woods onthe street and on being unable to givea satisfactory account of where he hadbeen during the night was told by theofheer to go to Ins home. This moveof the officer was for the purpose ofgetting an idea of where the negrowas staying.WGods succeeded in getting awaybut on Monday night Patrolman Linkcame across him again, ana on this occasion he was carrying a bundle. Linkfollowed jhim td the restaurant ofRachel Jefferson on Eighth street,where h arrested the negro who wasmaking an effort to dispose of thepackage, which contained a side ofbacon, to the negress.Wbods was employed with a construction company here arid a companionhas given the information to theofficers that the negro is wanted inAtlanta, Ga., for murder. Woods admitted to the officers that he came herefrom Atlanta. The local departmentcommunicated with the police department of that city, and a reply is expected at any time. It is said' a bigreward is offered for the capture ofthe Atlanta murderer, and in caseVVoods should be the man wanted bythe Atlanta police, this reward will goto Patrolman Link.Will Smith, a negro, who it is saidhas been associated with Woods andothers in their operations in Paris wasarrested' Wednesday night by Patrolmen Link and McKenney and lockedup. It is expected the remainder ofthe organized band will bp run inwithin the next tew days, lheir arrest will have the effect of breakingno the boldest band of thieves thatever struck- Faris.gjuniiuiiimiimi.amiiiartiimmm1f FRANK & CO.' The Store Where Reliability Reigns.BigClearance SaleAnd.ft,"'4.Special Sale ofWhite Goods and Muslin UnderwearBegins Saturday, January 13,End Saturday, January 20, J912.Bigger and Better Bargains Than Ever.-Don't Miss This Sa"it-Jr...Frank & Co.Paris, 1 ;.;- Kentuckyiiinunm urn n imnit4iu.;:i:iiiiimiiiinjin innimimiimi m iin nnirnniiLiiiHwtniiji.nii: jij4t54JMJwjwwMen'iuyiris-.$1.881.4S1.15.50iJSTr- sr. - - -THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY,ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.will not be yours unless youhave a pario:.' stove as artisticas it is serviceable. Have alook at the stoves in this hardware store. They are brightand attractive and really betterheat makers than the ugliestold stove you- ever saw. Prettiness costs nothing either.Plain stoves cannot be boughtcheaper.LOWEY & TALBOTTParis KentuckyI Bourbon LaundryD AVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice.S Bourbon I4SSA ? rtictzlar Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. "Giveus q. trial order. You'll notregret it.THE BOURBON NEWSBOTH 'PHONES, 124. NO. 320 MAIN STREET.SWIFT CHAM Ft" - - Editor and OwnerEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in J 88 1 30 "Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion,; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, i20 cents per line each issue ; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.-Pubushed Every Tuesday and Friday.ONE YEAR,3L.oo, PayableinSIX MONTHSAdvance$1.00Getting First Hand Facts.Sixty of the Democratic members ofthe House of Representatives are utilizing the holiday recess to make afirst hand study of conditions in thePanama canal zone. Inasmuch as thecanal is eating up government moneyat the rate cf several-thousands of dollars a day the Deinocrais hold that itis their duty to see, personally, thatthis money is being wisely and proper-! the curtain until its fall. The authorsAt the Lexington Opera House.WILLIAM HODGE IN "THE MANFROM HOME."One of the most attractivn featuresabout the pl2y'"lhe Man From Home"written by Booth Tarkington and Harry Leon Wilson which will be seen atthe Lexington Opera House MondayJanuary 15. with William Hodge andthe original company, is the humorousblow it strikes at tha folly of international marriages, a theme that is handled without gloves from the rise ofA' Clean ManOutside cleanliucss is less than halt the battle. A maq mayscrub himself a dozen timcsNa day, and still be unclean. Goodhealth means cleanliness not only outside, but inside. It meansa clean stomach, clean bowels, clean blood, a clean liver, andnew, clean, healthy tissues. The man who is clean in this waywill look it and act it. Hs will work with energy and thinkclean, clear, healthy thoughts.He will never be troubled with iiver, lung, stomach or blooddisorders. Dyspepsia and indigestion originate in unclean stomachs. Blood diseases are found where there is unclean blood.Consumption and bronchitis mean unclean lungs.Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discoveryprevents these diseases. It ciakes a lean's insldes cleanand healthy. It cleans the digestive organs, makes pure,clean blood and clean, healthy flesh. vIt restores tone to the nervous system, and cures nervous exhaustion andprostration. It contains no alcohol or habit-forming drugs.Constipation is the most unclean uncleanliness. Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure it. They never gripe. Easy to take as candy.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED ESBALMEi.BOTH 'PHONES DAT 13 7 ;IGHT 299.Laundry,Paris, Kentucky,8rO. H. CHENAULT, Pres. Z. T. SELLERS Vice-Pres.K. L. BAKER, Sect, and Treas.B. F. BUCKLEY and D. W. CSOTT, Managers.The Central Kentucky TobaccoWarehouse Company(Incorporated)Warehouse and RedryerXo. 574-595 South Upper Street 415-435 South Slmestone StreetBoth dhones 965LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYOPEN DAY AND NIGHT1ly spent. The question of fortifyingthe canal will come up soon, and asthis will mean a large additional expenditure, The Democrats propose toknow just why and where thia moneyis to be expended. Hence they aretaking advantage of the temporaryletup in affairs at Washington to investigate. Speaker ClarK has urged all theDemocrats to visit the canal zone atsome time, and practically all of themnrooose to rollow his advice. mis isin line with theprogram to get to the bottom of everyproposition which calls for an expenditure of government money.Seeking a Way Out.That the men who control the big industrial corporations ot the countryare convinced that the people are determined to breek up these monopo-have deliberately set forth.it is under-jstoca, witn tne idea or heaping ridiculeupon this form of Republican insanity, !and according to the success of the 1play in Chicago, New York, Philadelphia and Boston, where it broke allrecords, have more than made gaud !their object. The consensus of opinion jin those cities is that no more delight- Ii'ul entertaining play has been seen in jrecent years, and that its success is idue as much to the homely spirit of !truth as to it3 clean wholesome nature.lhfc four acts are laid at the HotelRegina Margherita at Sorrento, Italy,and the chief figure, that of a lawyerstands forthby the veryreason of his foreign setting. Messrs.Lieblr & Company are responsible forthe production in its every particular,and this is a guaranty of no small natare.as those who have witnessed suchplays as "TheSquaw Man," "SalomyjJane," "The Dawn of Tomorrow,""Alias,"Jimrny Valentine, ""The Fourth'Estate," "The Deep Purple," "Pom'ander Walk," "Disraeli," etc, areI aware. The cast supporting Mr. Hodgeis onee tnat has prseented the Dlav inBest is none loo . good for yousi; -c ti t ji-announred Democratic o, inmana.wnn unusual nrmiancyWe Are Now Open and Ready For Business.The Leading Warehouse of Lexington Past Season,The Largest Loose Leaf House in the State.Sales capacity of five hundred thousand pounds daily. Roomon driveways for. one hundred and fifty loaded wagons.Stalls for three hundred horses. Our sales the past seasonamounted to four million pounds. .With our large and wellequipped warehoush; the experience and success of the pasttwo years enables us to guarantee our customers the bestprices and the best treatment. Come and see us and lookouer our house before selling your tobacco. We have calculators to figure the sales behind the auctioneers on the floor.As fast as the crop is sold the farmer gets his cash. Tryus once and you will come back again.STOCKHOLDERS AND DIRECTORST. P. Barnard, Louisville, Ky.J. C. Stone, Louisville, Ky.W. P. Barnard, Louisville, Ky.B. C. Crawford, Louisville, Ky.J. C. Bright, Louisville, Ky.O. K. Chenaulfe, Lexington, KyR, L. Baker, Lexington, Ky.Dan W. Scott, Lexington, Ky.Z. T. Sellers, Versailles, KyJ. C. Roberts, Auctioneer.Roy McCray, of Bourbon, is with'the Central House, andwill be pleased to have his friends bringjtheir tobacco to himand to come to the house to see him at all times, as he willbe there to look after their interest.teaWM. COLLIN'S SALE i Bronze Turkeys FQr Sale.-OF-flPoland China"Boars and SowsATCarlisle, Ky., Jan. 11. 1912,At H. N. Rankin's Sale andExchange Stable.Fine stock at reasonable prices.MRS. CHAS. R. WHITE,R. F. D. No.E. T. Phone 736 2-rings.lies, and that they are seeking a way New York, Chicano, Philadelphia andto escape this mandate of the people, Boston with such minor changes onlyare among the most important facta "1 ,TheLl i. i ,l c- underlying spirit of the piece is a truebrought out by the Senate trust in- republicanism that should come as avestigating committee. . (distinctly refreshing note amid theLouis D. Brandeis, the noted Boston Plays of the present d.ay. and the highlawyer. tu,d the committee that the , f IVZllstatements of Mr. Gary and Mr. Per- possess unusual. merit, besides,kins, that the trusts were willing to jaccept a price fixing law, were only ritAJNuia vviLbUJN.apparent concessions. What the mag- j Any one who can make us laughnates want, Mr. Brandeis said, is the , these days is always welcome in ourpassage of the A.drich monetary ZftheS rneSscheme, which will insure the continu-. Wilson, is to be seen locally in his ownance of a centralized control of money I comedy fare, "The Bachlorls Babv."and credit, on which allpends. These magnates,business de- 1S one inat W1" Please allflip Inwvprlf-."jbvo, yiay uaaclasses otthe auali-i ties tu amuse i.nu urn ;inn vn inw nnifotestified, are bending every effort to ( There is laughter in "The Bachelor'sgain the enactment of the Aldrich plan , Baby," some tears, bright dialogues,into law, and one of their methods, he ! vey'' amusing scenes and there ia a. ... , . . . well told straightforward story. "Thesaid, was to blind the people to their I Bachelor.s Buy tels a st(y 0JnJreal purpose by making them believe bachelor who hates children. Histhe trusts are willing to surrender.5"See catalogue and bills for par' fciculars.At same time and place will sell 23head Shropshire Down ewes, bred toimported ram. 2j2bFOR SALE."Three Buff Orpington rooster forWill sell for $2 each.2 3t , JOE MITCHELL.LADY WANTEDTo introduce our very complete lineof beautiful wool suitings, washfabrics, fancy waistings, silks, etc.,handerchiefs, laces and petticoats; Allup to'date N. Y. City patterns. Finestline on the market. Dealing directwith the mills you will find our priceslow. Profits 510.00 to $30.00 weekly.Samples and full instructions packedin a neat sample case shipped expressprepaid. No money required. Exclusive territory. Write for particulars.Be first to apply.STANDARD DRESS GOODS CO.,Desk 605. Binghamton, N. Y.Go to Back's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclass barbers. 13 tfYoung and old havethem. Some abuse them.They get tired, starved.SYMPTOMS: Loss ofsleep and appetite, indigestion, irritability,eventually wrecked constitution. Alcoholic remediesstimulate only.soothes and nourishes,feeds the nerves. Anatural nerve-food, containing the salts of Hypophosphites, Iodine andGlycerine.NO ALCOHOL.ALL DRUGGISTS11-18Thirty Years Together.Thirty years of association, thinkof it. How the meiitof a good thingstands out in that time or the worth -lessnessof a bad one. So there's noguesswork in this evidence of Thos.Ariss, Concord, Mich , who writes:"I have used Dr. King's New Discovery for 30 years, and its the bestcough and cold cure 1 ever used."Once it finds entrance in a home youcan't pry it out. Many families haveused it forty years. It's the most infallible throat and lung medicine onearth. Unequaled for lagrippe, asthma, hay fever, croup, quinsy, or soielungs. Price 50c and $1. Trial bottlefree. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.orother and the latter's wife are lostat sea and the bachelor falls heir totheir little daughter, whose heart shewins long before he is himself awareof it. Incidentally tnere is a love storywoven into the comedy which has become very entangled on account of thehero' pronounced ideas? in regard tochildren, This, too, is straightenedout by the little girl aid so the comedy ends to the satisfaction of everyone. Charles Forhman presentsFrancis Wilson in "The Bachelor'sBaby" at the Lexington Opera HouseJanuary 17."MOTHER,""Motjier," the play that receivedfrom one of the most conservativedramatic critics of today ihe appellation of "The ,Play of the Century," will be the attraction at theLexington Opera House Saturday,matinee and night.Jnles Eckert Goodman, who wrote"The Test," "The Man Who StoodStill," and several other recent successes, is the author of this latest ofuplift dramas, and f roni all indicationsit would appear that his "Mother"will live to see another such career as'Way Down East" and "The Oldriomestead." One able dramatic writer once said that the play most likelydestined to long life is the one thatcan make an audience cry at onemoment and force away the tears byhearty laughter. If this be a goodcriterion, "Mother" will still be entertaining playgoers when the presentgeneration is no more, for it is indeeda difficult task to tell when the audiences who see this piece are laughingor crying. Some theatre goers likeonly the sentimental plays, whileothers will not go to see anything thatfails to create merriment. It is altogether plausible then to believe that"Mother" will meet the exactions ofevery man, woman and child whofrequents a playhouse. It is just one ofthose simple plays' which enjoy successby reason of this same simplicity andhomely environment. sMr. Wm. A. Brady, the producer,who also controls the destines of"Baby .Mine," "Over Night," "TheBoss," and other pronounced successesof the present season, will send theoriginal New York cast and productionfor the engagement there.and make ihe Women happy.Dodson& DentonPARIS, KY.East Tenn. Telephone CoINCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North JMiddletown, Little1 RockRuddles Mills."When you have East TennesseeanHAVE telephone service.' 1service youThe East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedLow Round TripFOR RENT.' New cottage of five rooms on EastMain street.'. mrs. Elizabeth g. Rogers, iLOST.RATES.Homeseekers' FaresTo points in Arizona, Arkansas, ILouisana, Missouri, New Mexico, jOklahoma, Texas, Kansas, Nebraska, jMontana, Michigan, Wisconsin, Aiajbatna, Florida and Mississippi. Tick-'ets on sale first and third Tuesdays of ,each month with final return limit 25!nations in Florida, final limit will he12 days from date of sale. Liberalstopovers allowed in homeseeker territory. We also have on sale daily untilApril 30, 1912, with final return limitsMay 31, 1912 Winter Tourist tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida, Georgia,Louisana, New Meixco and Texas,"with liberal stopovers allowed.For further information, call on orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent.Between the Paris Distilling Co.'splant and Third street an envelopecontaining $7.00. Finder is requestedto return money to this office as theperson who suffered the loss is in needycircumstances and would greatly appreciate this act of kindness, and willbe rewarded with a portion of themoney.FOR SALfc.I have for sale a few choice RhodeIsland Red roosters. Price $2,50 each.Also, Mallard ducks at SI each.CHARLTON CLAY.5 4t E. T. phone 57v -an tb"t tn-i . en 11 . iKM AT 81or N. T. DRAKE, T. A.Parson's Poem a Gem.From Rev. H. Stabenvoll, Allison,Ia , in praise of Dr. King's New LifePills:"They're such a health necessity,In every home these pills should te.If other kinds you've tried in vain.USE DR. KING'SAnd be well again, .Only 25c at Oberdorfer's.Ends Winter's Troubles.Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Aching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood with.pure Hotonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches;blood thin or skin pale ; skin itchesand burns; shifting pains ; bad breathlumbago, gout, take- Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aj perfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.To many winter is a season of trouble.1 J 1 3 1 1 1 1 .(TMH.miHii 11H.1111H h.ik i link f m 1 n i a m a inold sores, red and rnnnh RWnn.wftvo medicines,this. But such troubles flv beforp nave tailed to HelpThe frost-bitten toes and fingers ? has made thousanas ofliniments and doctorsor cure. DrugBucklen's Arnica Salve. A trial con- ffists or by express, $1 per large bot-vinpA5. firfis.t.psf. hpaioi nf v.nKn0 tie, r with ditections for home cure.boils, piles, cuts, sores, bruiies. ecze-' b np? s:nt free byj nr. j y-kt n . t i- A ri.nr.ma and sprains. 25c atwriting BloodGa. Deeoribyour trouble and free medical adyicgi'on.- Sola fcy Yaraen & coajl B' 1III8ISBetter Values and Lo wer Prices Than Ever Before Presented tothe People of Bourbon County and Vicinity.Twin Bros. Department Store, Cor. 7th and Main, Announce- - THEIR GREATEST JANUARY - - -jj jj fltio o3m,urday91ST O I JNF G-Jan.13 thAll Dry Goods, Dress Goods Ladies' Suits, Cloaks, Furs, Skirts, Shoes and Millinery will be sacrificed Weare determined to Close Out all Winter Goods regardless of f ormer selling price. Also White Goods, lases, Embroidery.Below we enumerate a few of the thousands of genuine bargains- on sale Saturday, January 13th.$12 Coats and Suits $5.98S15 Coats and Suits S7.98JirL jutL jo.co1 1 IM5 Coats and buits !?11.4y.'is'1 iS&xi 9Women's Trimmed HatsWorth up to $3 $1.00Worth up to $5 $1.98Worth up to $7 $2.49Ladies' Sweater Coats98c for Wool Sweaters, worth $1 .98.$1.98 for $3 Ail-Wool Sweaters.REMEMBER THE DATEJanuary 13th!Comforts98c for $1.50 kind.$1.49 for $2.50 kind.$1.98 for $3.00 kind.insNov $1.98, worth $3.50Now $2.98, worth $5.00 . -Now $4.50, worth $6.50Now $5.75, worth $8.50Now $6.50, worth $1 0.75Ladies' Coats100 Ladies' Winter Coats $1.98, worth $5.50 Ladies' Coats, worth $8, Sale Price $3.98Ladies' Caracul Coats $6.5054 inches Ions:.Percales, Ginghams and flannellets, SalePrice, 7 1 -2 yard.White Goods, at 5c yardTable Linen, at23c yard100 Misses' Skirts, worth $3.50 ; $1.98Wide Sheeting, at 23c ydShoes at Sale Price.Umbrellas, worth $1.25 and $1.50 now 95cRain Coats, Sale Price $3.5075c and $1 Broadcloth, all colors 48c ydWhite Flannel, at 5c YdSheppard Check Suiting .....I........10cBlack Ostrich Plumes : 98cWillownette Plumes - $1.75Blankets (Now at SpecialSale Prices$1.00 Auto Scarfs, now 4c9All Bleached and Unbleached Cotton, atSale Prices.V100 Infants Bearskin Coats .'. $1.89Furs and Muffs at Sale Prices.Knit Petticoats - 25cAll Underwear now at Sale Prices.Ladies' and Children's Shoes and Rubbersat Sale Prices.Ladies' Silk Waists Now atSale Prices.Yard-wide Percales, Sale Pries 7 l-2c yd$1 and $1.50 Gowns, Sale Price 95cLadies' Hose, worth 15c, Sale Price .. .7 l-2cKid Gloves and Yarn Gloves at Sale Prices.Ladies $1.50 and $1.75 Waists .85cBuster Brown, Hose for Ladies, Missesand Children.Come Early. You Will Not Be Disappointed at Having AttendedThis Great Clearance Sale Saturday, January 13th, atu u ny Til? w 4 x mJlm.Amnnmivrm1TI Xlill JLKENTUCKYCor. 7th and Main,if:iiTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 12, 1?12,ANNOUNCEMENTOur CLEARANCE and WHITE GOODS SALEI'I!X. :-1' r- .PUBLIC SALEOf ASplendid Bourbon County FarmHaving decided to quit farming, I will sell at public outcry onTUESDAY, JANUARY 23,. 1912, AT 2 O'CLOCK, P. M.ON THE PREMISESmv farm of 362 acres, situated six miles west of Paris, Ky., on the Georgetown pike. The farm will be offered in five tracts, as follows: mTract Xo. 1-Lying on the Elizabeth Station pike and containing oOacres, more or less, of splendid land in a high state of cultivation It isweTfenced and watered and has a comfortable five-room house, and a 20-acrefcfNoaT-Lyingon the Georgetown pike and Elizabeth Stationturnpike contains 50 acres of land, of which there is none better in thecoZt It has two tenant houses, fencing good, and an extra fine springTract No. 3-Fronting on the Georgetown pike and extending back tothe F. & a R. B., contains 50 acres, 30 acres. being 16 year old Blue Grasssod, and balance in wheat. . ,Tracts Nos. I, 2 and 3 will be offered separately and then as a whole,nd best bid accepted. aYfmlll, tn h & G.TraCC JNO. 4 UTOnung on ueuiftciunu . . ?R. R., contains 60 acres, more or less, 11 acres of virgin soil, balance in iye,wheat and stubble. It has a 10-acre tobacco barn and a good rock pool.Tract No. 5 Extending from Georgetown pike to F. & O. R. K., contains 152 acres, more or less, 20 acres of virgin soil, 2d acres of old Blue Grasssod, balance iA highest state of cultivation. The improvements consist of alarge frame residence, new 15 acre tobacco barn, stock barns, and otheroutbuildings. All improvements are comfortable, convenient and m firstZwmS tt has two large rock pools, one being the best m the countyTracts Nos. 4 and:5 will be offered separately and then as a whole, andbest Wd WCeL acres bestlandin11118 is auD.rui co j convenienfc to school and railroad, anEver f00t of this farra wmSSStadcash, balance in three equal payments due in onetwo and three years, deferred payments Rearing Bgeatn J 6 percen, and a lien retained on landtilid.Psisene9erve.COL GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.For further information address Harris & Speakes, Paris, Ky.Number of Deaths Exceed birthsin Paris.The number of deaths in the city ofParisTfor the year 1911, as complied byMiss Margaret Terry, registrar 3fvital statistics, show that during thepast year there occurred in this city129 depths. Of the number sixty-sevenwere colored and sitxy-twp deaths ofwhite persons were recorded.The number of births recorded dhowa total of 105, eighty-two white andtwsnty-three colored. Accordirg to thefigure there were twenty-four moredeath than births during the year jutpassed. Forty-four more deaths thanbirths am-ing the colored populationand twenty bir.ths .in excess ot thetotal number of deaths among thewhite population. The list of deathsas compiled by Miss Terry are as follows: January 1 -Allen Gaines, aged 36, !colored, acute Dronc.mus.January 5 Taylor, colored,aged 27 years, tuberculosis.January 8 Celia Fretwell, colored,aged about 80 years, asthma.January 10 Harriet Roy. colored,aired about 75 years, bronchi ti?.January 12 Mrs. Ellen 0TFnen.white, aged 75 years, white sufferingof brain. . , ,January 15 Daughter of John Caltoway, colored, stillborn. 'January 28 Charlotte Henry Peddi-Beginning Monday, January 22Bargains in Every Department.Let Us Show You.We Are Going to Make This our Banner Sale.cord, white, aged 78 years, acutenonri tlR.January 30 Michael O'Connor,white, aged 83, acute nepritis.January 31 Birdie Robinson, colorA ororl 9R vpars. neritonitis.February 2 Wm. Fields, colored,qo-pH k months, intestinal indigestion.PVhruarv 7 W. A. Morris, white,fi9 vears. aononlexy.February 8 Mary Tolliver, colored,no-ad 9J tuberculosis.February 16 Wm. K. Mahoney,whifp need thiee days, cellutis.ifuhviiATv 17 Daughter of John D.Puch. white, stillborn.March 1 Le Shaneling, aged 68,colored, paralysis.March 5 Russell McCarthy, white,avpti SO vears. tuberculosis.March 9 Maiy Bryan, white, agedSO years, pneumonia.; March 9 Sawyer, colorA AA ..oom. i-JinrrhnoQMarch 16 Geo. Porter, cdlored,mrpH fi4. aDou'le,xv.Inarch 19 James R. Berry, white, 8montns, inenmijiLia.March 20 Martha A. Hedges, colorar ntreri 19 f'flnt'.er.March 20 Elijah Reed, colored,aged 56 years. '"alcoholism.Mareh 21 George Woods, colored,aged 65, acute nephritis.March 24 Son of Annie English,white, stillborn.4 March 24 Geo, WurfieldA colored,aged 26, tdberculosis. ' y:Ending Saturday, January 27The Entire Stock"At Unheard-ofT A fT? fTTTZT"LfJL KyUt Is V JR. JLUnder MuslinsSSfSSTWhite Goods"At Surprisingly Low Pricestr ri T" , All the New PatternsLaces and EmbroideriesPrices.W.March 26 Geo. Carter, colored,aged 58, Bright's disease.Matrch 30 Matilda Anne Dai ley,white, aged 78-years, arterio scherosis.March 31 Mary E. Gaines, colored,aged 9, pneumonia.April 4 Calvin Elam, white, aged21, tell from telephone pole. jApril 4 Fannie D. Ogle, white,aged 66, acute gastritis.April 11 Son of E. R. Mann, white,died at birth.Aoril 20 Amanda Cage, colored,aged 30. tuberculosis.April 21 Laura Banks, colored, aged60, corditis.April 22 Rachel H. Ewalt, white,aged 70, marasmus.April 23 Jos. Spencer, colored, aged1, pneumonia.April 23 Infant of Ge6 Carter,colored, premature birth.April 26 Hubert Eads, aged 1month, white, gastro neteritis.April 27 Geo. Jackson, colored,aged 16 years, pneumonia.April 27 Julia Spencer, colored,aged 2, pneumonia.May 8 Jacob Craig, colored, aged69, gastritis.May 14 Edward Hibler, white, aged46, pistol shot.May 16 Same Thompson, colored,aged 60, ulcer of stomach.May 21 Thos. Stamps, white aged62, hit by train.May 21 Chas. Pendleton-, white,aged 9 months, colitis.May 19 Edward Myall, white, aged47, pistol shot.May 23 Infant of Arthur Uhenaulfr,colored, stillborn.May 27 Wihn Jones, colored, aged34, tuberculosis.May 30 Jos. Arnold, colored-, aged31, heart disease.May 30 Ida May Tiffy, colored.aged30, tuberculosis.June 2 Earl Brown, white, premature birth. ..June 4 Infant of Richard Hall,colored, stillborn.June 5 John Willie Young, colored,aged 9 years, tuberculosis.June 10 Robert Phillips White,aged 76, influenza.June 11 Bridget Cain4 white, ;ed77, general debility.June 14 Ed Sullivan-, white, ed10 days, pneumonia.June 16 Mary Frances Grass, white,aged 22, typhoid fever.June 17 Infant of Virgil Allen,colored, cholera infantumJune 17 Emily Alexander, white,aged 65, arterio scleriosisJune 23 Infant of Henry Marshall,colored, stillborn.July 2 Sallie Young, colored, aged1 year, colitis.July 5 William Harris, colored, aged66, pneumonia.July 5 Omsa Day, white, aged 40,pneumonia.July 7 Oliver Hedge, colored, "aged85, dropsy. 'July 20 William Morrison,. Jr:,colored, infant, pneumonia.July 23 Sylvester Whalen, white,aged 29, killed by train.August 2 Mary Ware, coloredagedb5, heart disease.August 6 Thos. Mastis, white, aged31, typhoid fever.August 8 Infant of Thos. Bowman,colored, stillborn.August 8 Lula Day, colored, aged 5months, tabes messenterica.August 17 Isaac Holland, white,aged 49, railroad accident.J August 23 Mary Roberson, colored,aged 50,, septicaemia. , , H -Z August 25, Lucille Biddle, white-PricesA TKTQ The Largest Stockil 1 W3-At Matchless PricePricesAt Cut PricesMB. TUCKM.aged 8 months, colitis.August 25 James Warren, colored,aged 42, dropsy.August 28 Lolen Howard, colored,aired 58 heart disease.August 30 Mollie Hubbard, colored,aged 65, hemorrhage.September 1 Anna Massie, white,aged 73, acute uremic.Septemoer 6 Mollie Talbott, colored, aged 37, tuberculosis.September 6 William H. Mask,colored, aged 42, heart disease.September 7 Willie Ranson, colored, aged 5 years, pneumonia.September 21 Cora B. Garrett,colored, aged 21, appendicitis.September 22 Belle Parker, colored,aged 30, heart disease.September 24 Nancy Johnson, colored, aged 86, p&ralysis.Septembre 23 Stella Johnson, colored, aged 4 years, tuberculosis.September 26 John McCarthy,white, aged 38, railroad accident.Septembet 26 Hester Hawkins, colored, aged 30, Bright's disease.September 27 R. J. Neeely, white,aged 59 years, nephritis.September 27 Jas. Hawkins, colored, stillborn.September 29 Elizabeth Boardman,whitev aged 2 days, meningitis.September 27 Frazier White, colored aged 24, gunshot.September 30 Geo. Beckett, colored, 5 months tuberculosis.October 1 Frank Burns, white aged26, typhoid fever.October 1 Walter Metzger, white,aged 26,- typhoid f even.October 4 Clay Igo, white, aged 1,gastro netritis.October 4 Sarah Sharp, colored,rage'd 81. exhaustion. mr'October 5 Samuel Simms, colored,aged 70, inflammation of bladder.October 10 Chas. Woodford colored, agefd 1. typhoid fver.October 16 David Robynson, colored, aged 45, gunshot.October 19-Margaret 1'hompson,white, aged S years, typhoid fever.October -22 Setta A. Mock, white,aged 6S -years, 'cancer of stomach.October 23 Martha Lee Burns,w'hite, aged A days, meningitis.'October 6 S. S. Clay, white, aged84, infirmities.October '31 Tobe Hood, colored,aged 50, heait disease.Nove'bmer 3 Jas. D. Cantri?l,white7aged 56, tubercular pulmonaries.November 3 Raymond Brown,colored, aged 28. gunshot.November 5 Keller S. Herrington.white, aged 2 months, ill from bath. ',2 November 5 Maggie Johnson, coldred. agd 32, tuberculosis.Novebmer 11 Robert Cameron,white, aged 31, typhoid rf ever.November 23 UavicT Bell, white,aged 72, apoplexy.November 13 Mrs. W. P. Hume,'aged 63, dialetis.November Riley Jackson, colored, aged 60, dropsy.'November 21 Lillian Snapp, white,aged 3, typhoid fever., -Novebmer 29 Wm. Lawrence, white,age"d 65, hemiphigia.November 30 Margaret Fogg, white,aged 36, tuberculosis.December 4 Amanda Williams,colored, aged 62, pneumonia.December 5 Jas. Calvin, white, 50years, nephritis.December 6 Mary Eads Abbott,white, aged 77, heart trouble.December 8-James Hawkins, colored, aged 34, pneumonia.December 10 John. LvNeal, white,aged 57, typhoid fever.in Paris1CDecember 11 Margaret BrentThomas, white, aged 41, pneumonia.December 13--Marshy Stivers, colored, aged 50, pneumonia.December 18 - Mrs. Lula MayRoberts, white, aged 29, tuberculosis.Decebmer 22 Mrs, Bruce HuJdleston, white, aged 34, diabetis.December 22 Benj. P. Holt, whiteaged 60 years, tuberculosis,r December 25 Henry Gaines, colored, aged 40 years, tuberculosis. -December 26- -Phillip Clay, colored,aged 70 years, epilepsy.Decebmer 26 Judy Connell, colorpd,aged 74, endocorditis.December 21 Bettie Neal, colored,aged 69, ureamia.December 30 J. D. Bruer, white,aged 76, diabetis.Will Observe Lee Memorial.Richard Hawes Chapter, UnitedDaughters of the Confederacy, of thiscity, will observe Lee Memorial Dayon Friday, January 19. This decisionwas reached at a recent meeting ofthe chadter, looking toward makingarrangements and selecting speakersfor the occasion. The exercises willbe held in che quarters of the localchapter in the court house. After thebusiness meeting and the program, asocial hour will be spent, Mrs. LauraPerry being the hostess,Program Boys Work institute.The Central Kentucky Boys WorkCommittee, of which H. A. Power, W.O. Hinton and Wallace Clark are members, has decided to hold at Paris Saturday and Sunday the first of a seriesof Boys Work Institutes that are to beconducted in a nuinber Of Central Kentucky towns. On baturaay night atthe Public Library will be held a conference for workers with 'boys, pastors,Sunday school superintendents, boysclass teachers, etc.Some of the topics for'discusison are :"Does Anything Need to be Done forOur Boys in Paris," ''Some of OurTroubles," "Some Things That AreBeing Done for Boys in Towns LikeParis," "Essentials In fBoy Leader -ship," "The College of ;the Boy."Among the speakers Saturday nightwill be P. C. Dix. W. 'C. P alge and.'L,M. Terrell, of Louisville ; C. O. Hinto"n and H. A. Power, of Paris. Sunday morning sermon's on boys workwill be preached. W. 'C Paige willmake an address at the Presbyterianchurch and P. C. Dix at Christanchurch. The'pastors wilFpreach at theothers.Sunday afternoon at -3 o'clock therewill be a boys' mass meeting at theBaptist church addressed by E. S.Wotsley,of Louisville. 'His subject,"Thee World's Greatest Machine."At the same .time at the Christianchurch.there will be a mass meetingt!f all interested in beys work presidedover by State Secretary of Y. M. C.A, P. C. Dix. W. C. Paige willtalk on "The Responsibility of Adultsfor Boy Leadership;" S. A. Harris, ofFrankfort on "Characteristics of BoyReligion." An informal discussion!will follow. A union service will beheld at the Christian church Sundayat 7 :30 p. m. There will be addressesby local and visiting speakers, musicby the boy cornetist Cecil Noe.of Lexington, -and male quartette. Therewillalso be a 25 minute-'stereoptican : talk.No collection will 'be taken 'at anymeeting.JJoe Lewis to Manag'e ParisTeam.Joe Lewis, for three years managerof the Mariun club, of the Ohio StateLeague, will in all probability managethe Paris Club the coming season.This information cqmes from Marionwhere Lewis has been on a visit forseveral days before going to his 'homein Marietta, Pa.President Bacon, of the Pari3 clubhas been in communication with Lewisand a contract has been forwardedhim, and while nothing official hasbeen. reported to the head of the localclub the information comes from a reliable source, and it is regarded positively that he has accepted the termsadvanced to him by the Paris management and his contract is expectedwithin the next few days.Lewis, it is said, expects to bring anumber of the former members of theMarion club to Paris with him nextspring, and with this object in viewhas asked for a number of blank contracts of the local club. He is regarded as a high class manager and duringthe three years he served at the headof the Marion club never finished lower than the third position.President Bacon has forwarded contracts to the men held on the reservelist by the Paris club as follows rDanny Harrell, Pittsburg, Pa. ; Wm.Kuhlman, Cincinnati, O. B. F. Goodman. Paintsville, Ky. : Ollie Chapman,Cincinnati ; Claude Maxwell, Indianapolis. Ind. ; James Hausec, Lyons,Ind., and George Schrauder, Cincinnati. January Bargains.We are offering great bargains onall furniture during the month of January. Call in and look them over.J. T. HINTON.Paris Grand.j1! OneEntire Week, CommencingMonday,January...15The FamousHarvey StockCompany!In a Repertoire of PopularPlays at Popular Prices:Lower Floor 30cBalcony 20cGallery 10cOpening Bill Monday Night,"The Girl In The Barracks."As this is the first Stock Companyto play in Paris in three years, andthe best in twenty years, you can'i;afford to miss a , singles performance..Secure vbur seats in advance atMitchell & Blakerhore's.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS; KENTUCKY, JAN. 12 1912.:.fffB BOURBON NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THE BCSTOF EVERvtwim"BIG SHOE SAIL:.Watch Tuesday's issue forpage advertisement announcing one of the greatest shoesales ever held in Paris. Bigcuts on such shoes as thefamous Hanan and Nettktonshoes. In fact, it is to be"some shoe sale."GEO. McWILUAMS.Dressed Chickens.Lnoice dressed chickenB today.C. P. COOK & CO.Sfated Convocation Tonight.Paris Chapter (No. 15, Royal ArchMasons will hold a stated convocationat 7 o'clock this evening. There willbo several candidates for the degreesand a full (attendance of the members; requested.Hubig Pies.Ye are agents in Paris for Hubig'sfamous kpies. Received Afresh daily.LOGAN HOWARD.Reduction on Manhattans.Manhattan shirts at usual end ofseason reduction.12 2t MITCHELL & BLAKEMOE.Medical Society to Meet.The Bourbon County Medical Societywill hold its regular monthly meetingon Thursday, January 18, at whichtime the annual election of officersWill take place. The program for therccaison will be announced later.Commences Tuesday,Geo. McWilliams' big shoe salestarts Tuesday. Don't fail to attendand get some of the great bargains.Auction Sale 01 Dry floods, Etc.Rare bargains can he obtained atthe auction sale at old Baptist churchbuilding on Saturday afternoon, January llit at 2 p. m. rurniture, drygoods, cloaks, shoes, bats, notions,and many other thines will be sold.HARRIS & SPEAKES.Change of Time on L. N.Eeffective Sunday, January 14, thef jilowmg .trains between Paris andLexington will be discontinued on Sunday : Train No 137 due to leave Parist 9 :54 a. ra. ; train No. 25 due to:eave Paris at 3:H4 p. m., and No. 134due to leave Lexington at 4:34 a. m.$3 and$3.50 Hats Now $2.Choice of any $3 or $3.50 hat in ourhouse, including sciatchups, fuzzj'finishes and all plain finish alpine andtelescopes.J. W. DAVIS & CO.G,reat Shoe Bargains.We need cash and in order to get itwe intend to convert our stock intomoney. Our big sale commences Tuesday and thp baragins we will offer willhe irresistible. The shoes will sellthemselves.GEO. McWILLlAMS.Engines Damaged by Freeze.The water jacket on the gasolineenigne at the sausage factory of Bibler Bros., bursted Wednesday morning,which was due to a freeze as a resultof the extreme cold. The damage wasrepaired atfer an enforced layoff of aday until the damaged Dart could betrepaired.50 Cent Underwear Now 39 CentsFleece lined and ribbed Balbriggan.All sizes.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Real Bargains.For real bargains in an end of seasonsale seeMITCHELL & bLAKEMORE.12 2t . "We Know How."Filling Ice Houses.The extremely cold weather whichlias prevailed in this section for thepast week has enabled a large numberof farmers throughout the county tolay up a supply of jce for the coming.au inner. The ice" houses are beingfilled with ice ranging from four toseven inches in thickness and as clearas a crystal.January Bargains.Furniture, carpets, wall paper, andall household goods at reduced prices.J. T. HINTON.You've Got to Have Clothes.Why not buy now while the pricesare down. You get the choice selection or our stock, nn carried overs orshelf warmeri, but all this season'sstyles. Get yours today.J. W." DAVIS & CO.Ready to Wear GarmentsOf every description must be turnedinto cash. Cost cuts no figure inFrank & Co.'s big sale.Steam Shovel Unearths Skeleton. mir for the double track of the Louisville and Nashville railroad nearK'ico-fnn .. a i i u i. nf ohnmsn h0;n unf o;riHir hppnburied T number ot year? The bonesare nafair state of'pre.ervatior ..and!mve evidence nf heinir a man of im-mnse statue. In the vicinity of.Place where the skeleton was found itis said there was an Indian buryirgrtcund. where the remains of Swanf eJndia'.s ki'Aul in an attack on a settler'scabin, at the mcuth of Cooper's Run,when Kentucky was a wilderness.wereburied by the backwoodsmen.PERSONAL MENTION.-Mrs. C. A. Daugherty is quite111 !at ner home on Mt. Airy avenue.Mr. Robert Lyne, of Cynthian.was a visitor in the city yesterday.Dr. Clara Matthews has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in LaFayette,Ind.Mrs. Yv. R. Blakemore will return to-day from Chicago, where shehas been visiting for the past twoweeks.Mr. and Mrs. G. C. Thompsonwill leave next wek for Tampa,Fla. , to remain the remainder of thewinter.Mr. William Bryan, of Russellville, Excursion Manager for the L.and N., was a visitor in this cityyesterday.Mrs. J. S. Roberts is the guest ofher father, Col. Hugh S. Anderson inGeorgetown.Mr. and Mrs. Ben "VYeissberg havereturned frem a visit to relatives inPittsburg, Pa.Dr. Louis Frank, of Louisville,was the guest yesterday of hrs brother,Mr. B. A. Frank.Mr. and Mrs. ''Earl Sellers, ofCharlottesville, Va., are visitingf ?iends in this city.Miss Sarah Goodloe Benton, ofWinchester, is the guest of Mr. andMrs. Withers Davis.Mrs. Ayiette Buckner left yesterday for Eustis, Fla., to spend the remainder of the winter.Mr. George Ellis, of this city, riain Lexington this week buying tobaccoon the loose leaf market.Mr. and Mrs. Jos. Baum, of Chickasha, Okla. , are the guests at thehome of Mr. H. Margolen.The Ladies Auxiliary of the A. O.rf., will meet Monday evening at thehome of Miss Nellie Schwartz.Mrs. Riley Ray. who is the guestof Mrs. Morgan Brown in East Parisreturned to her home at Ewing yesterday. Mrs. 5J. T. Vansant entertainedthe Seing Club Tuesday morning.A meat and salad course was served atnoon.Mr. Arnold Knox, of Toledo, 0.,who hos been the .guest of Miss AnnaEads Peed, has returned to his homein Toledo, 0.Hon. E. M. Dickson has returnedfrom Little Rock, Ark., whe-e he hasbeen on a visit to his daughter, MrsDurand Whipple.Mrs. Mary Riley and Miss MyraMyall, of Mayslick, have returnedhome after a visit to Mrs. WilliamMyall in this city.-Mr. William Burley has returnedto his home in Cincinnati after a visitto his parents. Mr. and Mrs. W. W.Burley, in this city.Mr. William Hukiil, Sr., entertained a number of his friends Wed-! nesday with a dinner in honor of hiseighty-third birthday.Mr. Benjamin H. Feeback andMiss Ida Bruce Claypool were granteda marriage license by Cuunty ClerkPeaice Paton Tuesday.'Squire J. J. Redmon entertainedthe members of the Fiscal Court andofficials with a dinner at his heme inNorth Middletown, yesterday.- -Mr. and Mrs. John Tarr, accompanied by Mrs. N H. Bayless and Mrs.D. Early wine.left Tuesdayjfor Tampa,Fla., to visit Mr. and Mrs. RussellTarr.Mr. Herman Margolen, Mrs. L.Saloshin and Miss Birdie Wollsteinhave returned from Purcell, Okla.,where they attended the MargolenBaum wedding.Mr. John W. Thomas, who hasbeen quite ill for several weeks, isrenorted to be in a very serious condition, and at his advanced agelittlehopes are entertained for his recovery.Mrs. J. C. Griffin, mother of Mr.P. sJ. Millet, of Maple Lawn Farmnear Paris, died at her home in Knoxville, Tenn., Monday night, Funeraltook place at Knoxville Wednesdayafternoon.Mrs. B. M. Shive Jeft Tuesday forPulaski. Tenn., where she was matronof honor at the marriage of her brother, Mr. Cecil Appleby, to Miss LulaMontgomery, which was celebrated inthat city yesterday afternoon at theMethodist church.The meeting of the Paris LiteraryClub was held Wednesday, afternon."The Psycological Novel" was thegeneral subject, and Mrs. Ossian Edwards contributed a very interestingpaper on "George Elliott and HerNovels," which was followed by"Romola, a Study," by Mrs. AmosTurney, Jr. Misses Anna May andLaura Lilleston presented currentevents.FursWill be closed out at less than manufacture wholesale prices at Frank &Co.'s big sale. Come in and see.Big Sale Commences Tuesday.The greatest shoe sale ever advertised in Paris, commences Tuesday atGeorge McWilliams. This is no fakesale genuine bargains as advertised.See big bills and newspaper ads.Assigned to Several CommitteesIn the assignment of the SenateCommittes Tuesday afternoon inFrankfort, Hon. Claude M. Thomas, ofthis city, was placed on che followingcommittees: Banks and Trust Comepanies; Common Carriers and Com -TY-ovon ' chairman: Pulic UtilitiesPenal and Reformatory institutes;.Congressional Districts and ReappointjWnts ; County Unit and Liquor Regui lafinns: Rules, chairman.'Specials-on Orapef ruit. ,Weare ofering our big stock of i' ..,;f of nnt The hest nfc evervirr;iuc ii uiv a v .v-.Uiuu., CRAVENClearance Sale.Frank & Co.'s big sale begins Saturday Big bargains in silks, dress goodswhite goods, laces and hamburgs. .MATRIMONIAL.The Purcell, Okla., Register givesthe following account of the marriageof Miss RosaiMargolen, formerly of thiscity, to Mr. Jos. H. Baum, of Chicka-sha, Okla."The wedding of Mr. Joseph H.Baum, of Chickasha, and Miss RosaMargolen, formerly of Paris, Kentucky, nut for some time'past makingher home with her sister, Mrs. GeorgeSwchwartz, of this city, on Mondayafternoon, January 1, 1912, at 3:30o'clock, was pronounced by all of thelarge number of friends who witnessed it one of the most beautiful ceremonies ever held in the town. It hadbeen the intention to hold the weddingat the home of Mr. Schwartz but somany friends of he young lady wishedto attend that the house would notaccommodate them and the Baptistchurch was kindly loaned for thehappy occasion.ne letormeu Hebrew ceremony,in use from time immemoral, was usedby Dr. Blatt, of Oklahoma City, theofficiating Rabbi, who delivered thebeautiful charges with which the cereniony is replete, in a solemnly impresslve manner, giving an added beautyto the richly noetic lines by hismasterly delivery. The bride, beautifully attired in white marquisette,ovr duchess satin, carrying a bouquetof bride's roses, entered on the arm ofher father. Mr. Herman Margoln, ofParis, Ky., the groom, accompaniedby his luother, Mrs. Theresa Baum. ofChickasha, Okla. During the ceremony Miss Wollstein, ot fans, Ky.. avocalist of rare attainments, possessing a voice of wonderful sweetness,most beautifully sang two songs"Because," and "I Love Youg Truly. "The wedding march from "Lohengrin," was most tastefully renderedby Mrs. J. F. Sharp, of OklahomaCity, accompanied by Mrs. Geo.Schwratz on the violin."Prior to the wedding a deilghtfulfive course dinner was served to theimmediate families of the bride ancigroom at the pretty home of Mrs.Schwartz; upon its conclusion a reception was held at the same place,delicious refreshments, consisting 61ices and cakes, fashioned in heart designs being served. Later some excellent music was given by the UniversityOrchestra of Norman.The hacpy couple were the reap:ents of many beautiful and expenisvegifts from their many friends andrelatives, together with the mothearty good wishes of all who knowthem"The bride and gioum left cn theSanta Fe north at 6 o'clock. The bride'stravelingdress was a handsome bluesuit, with hat, gloves and sfyoes tomatch. After spending a few weeksvisiting .relatives or both parties inIllinois and Kentucky, theywill returnto Chickasha, where the groom haselegantly furnished apartments readto receive the lovely girl he has won."Mr. Louis Saloshin, of this Jcity, anuncle of the bride, attended the" wedding. Mr. George Crouch, of Bourbon,and Miss Ida Clinkenbeard, of Nicholas county, were married at CarlislsMonday.- Miss Ruby Squires and Mr, ClaudeRatlifr', both of Carlisle, were unitedin marriage in that city Monday at thehome of the bride's mother, Mrs. Turley Squires, Elder E. R. Templemanofficiating. Mr. Ratliff was formerlyengaged in the livery business in Carlisle and for some time has conducteda restaurant at the L. & n. depot inthis city. He is at present associatedwith Mr. Guy Overhy, of Paris, in themanagement of the Kimbrough Houssin Carlisle.Mr. and Mrs. Henry Behrman, ofNewport, announce the engagement oftheir daughter, Miss Josephine, to Mr.J. W. Bacon, of this city. The wedding will be a social event in February at the home of the bride-elect'sparents.The announcement isreceived with agreat deal of interest ner. where the1 to-be-bridegroom has many friends inboth social and business circles. He isthe popular president of the ParisBase Ball Club, and is.very prominentin buisness circles.Miss Behrman is a very attractiveyoung woman, a social favorite, andhas been a frequent visitor to this city,being the guest of Miss Corinne Collins on numerous occasions, and mademany friends while here.Fire and tornado insurance.McCLURE & CLENDENIN.Fire Near North Middl etown.Pire. which originated from a defective flue, completely destroyed theframe residence of Samuel Oldson,near North Middletown Wednesdaynight. The contents of the house wereburned. The loss is estimated at3,000.Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.Ladies SuitsThat sold formerly up to $40choice S10 at Frank & Co.'sOthers a low as $5 each.each,sale.Alleged Forger Captured.Information was received vest2r-! day to the effect that John Crews, iSfesS W iSSgST 5Several weeks ago Crews forged thename of a Winchester man to acheck which was cashed by Mr. H.M. Collins, of this city. It is saidcharges for the same offence arej against him in Winchester and Loais-:ville. .RELIGI0U S.-Rev. E. M. Lightfoot will be m hiapulpit Sunday morning and eveningS? S e winLor xne "t1"?. service will D A1 uaoiiMtn 1 . 1 TO ann nn KimrlQir nttoiiing the second of the series of Sundaynight sermons will be preached, thesuject for this occasion heing "Wherethe Meanesc Individual Livfs."- The sermon was we'll reivedand a large audience was present toJ hear the discourse. ;FOR RENT.Two nice -front offica rooms overVardeir's drjg store.VARDEN & SON.WANTED.To talk poultry with some one whowants to bein with a few choicebirds. Call Home Phone 274.TWinsEveryTnd XtrkFLEXIBLE FLYERSLEDSAre Built To Last. SledsSold bv ts Ten Years Aeoare still g.viner good service.(II . . aGet the ger. uine.$2.50, $3.00 and $3.75FkRE FLY COASTERSMade in the same Factory oflighter mz teriafs.$2.00 and $2.50Daucihertij. Bros.Wins every)raceJ. T. HINTONTHE HOME OUTFITTER.J. T.IA NNOHNCEHENTOUR CLEARANCE ANDWhite GoodsSaleBegins Monday, January 22, 'Ends Saturday, January 2See RfCX AffvprtfQetnpnf rm ArrfriPr TcyoW. EdIiFee's CashSTONE'SSilver SliceMephistoIi10cFEE'SI Am Offering Some VerySPECIAL PRICESOn My EntireDAY E N PORTLINEFor Cash Buvers.I Carry the Very Best Makes-"HEI3STT03ST.TuckerW VV1U1U'VeachSA2far.THE BOURBON NEW5, - PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 12, .191,2-pi-Season Specials !iiDuring the balance of this monthwe will offer some very specialbargains in ourLadies' JtadytoWw Suits,Coats, Cloaks and Turs.We must clean up this stock tomake room for our early Springstock, which our Mr. Domb is inNew York now purchasing.Come in at once and get someof the choice bargains.A. IY1. Domb Co.Incorporated PARIS, KY. ft(Continued From Page 3)Tt Is true, then? . . I fanciedgo; I knew that some day you wouldcome to claim 'It . . . Bend nearerto me. . . . The Pool of Flame isin the keeping of my good friend, theGovernor-General of Algeria. It is allarranged. When I am gone, take mysignet ring tell him your name, anddemand the package a small moroccoleather box, wrapped in plain brownpaper and superscribed with my nameand yours. He knows nothing of itsvalue, save that it is great, and willdeliver it to you and only you withoutquestion. . . . That is all."The hand that clasped O'Rourke'swas like ice."Cbambret!""Beatrix. . . ."The cold fingers relaxed. GentlyO'Rourke disengaged his hand and putit to the pitiful, torn bosom of theman who had died . with his wife'sname upon his lips.j CHAPTER IX.Shortly before midnight the triweekly train from Constantine to Algiers pulled up over an hour late atthe town of El-Guerrah. It took up asingle passenger, discharged none, and jInternational GasolineENGINES9IITHE PARISQvicK Lvneh andRestaurant,The Home of Good Cooking,For Ladies and GentlemenOpen Day and Night.343 Main StreetE. T. Phone 724 PARIS, KY.PUBLIC SALEOF -Desirable ResidenceitheI will sell at public auction onpremises at 2 o'clock p. m., onThursday, January 1 8, 1912,mv desirable residence property, No.360 Stoner avenue.Lot fronts 115" feet on Stoner avenueand extends back 150 feet. The residence has six rooms and kitchen, andj three'halls and three porches : pressesI in every room ; large store room andpantry ; is piped for gas and wired forelectric lights ; splendid cistern, coalUwJiaLf ;ui& uuujf uaLjuuici iiuu,two poultry houses, wood shed, boatlanding, and splendid grape arbor.Furnished room for two gentlemen Prospective purchasers invited tobath and steam heat. Apply at this , inspect the property.office. 3t TERMS Made known on day of sale.MRS L. V. FOOTE,Home Phone 518.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.All Types of Eusilage and Feed Cutting Machinery.Bourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor, 4th and. High Sts., Paris, Ky.9Professional CardsJ. WILLIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-L AW .loom 1 Elks Building:.Roomers Wanted;BLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.They Had Literally Caught Him Napping.presently thundered on westwards,rocking and jarring over a road-bedcertainly no better than it should havebeen. Such, at least, was the passenger's criticism, a, groaning in anticipation of the long night of discomfort ahead of him, he disposed himselfand his belongings about the cushionsof the first-class compartment whichhe occupied in solitary grandeur.O'Rourke had no intention of leaving anything undone that might tendto mitigate the terrors of the journey.Five days had elapsed since thatmorning in the oasis. In the interval !he had again dared the danger of thedesert, returning to Biskra alone by a jroute more direct than that which hadj brought him up with the flying col-Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street. sOffice PhonesResidence) E. T 13(5.Home 130.E. T. 334.Home 334.K. A. H KELKER,Practicing Physician,Offices.SRooms and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyJVMm MANI KftJDrives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, Avith pure Botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All syrnpthoms healquickly. Blood is mase pure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sdre and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure. SamplesI will sell at the same time seven j umn- Discharging the guide with a j &boats, all in good condition. gratuity larger than his ebbing means j &j-iu. j. v. i.vyo.. , auttUl,u, ic nau Ki uv.ccucu. -w j -y tell you novr, ana pay be?' Guerrah by the first daily train, and i iti -Driers, ve are dealers; e!! an Tinw fnnnrl 1-iimcolf tha, Air-ant I S ill ij'.ol and CUU Jo Bi? 1' 11' P. foIIPOS3KGiganticHoliday SalelillInsure with W. O. liinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfHow's This?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of catarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.F. J. CENEY & CO., Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney for the last 15 years andbelieve him perfectly honorable in allbusiness transactions an financiallyable to carry out any obligationsmade by his firm.Walding, Kinnan & Marvin,Wholesale Druggists. Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.sent free by writing Blood Balm Co., .Testimonials sent free. Price 75c perAtlanta, Ga. Describe vour troubleand free medical advice given.Sold by Varden & Son.bottle. Sold by all druggists.Tuke Hall's Family Pills for constipation.sTWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentWe Are Showing for fall and Winter StrictlyAll-Wool Worsted, Hand-TailoredSuits at $10.00Handsome new Brown and Grey Worsteds and Cassimeresin the newest models, hand-tailored Suits, worth easily $20,our Special $15. (Overcoats in evevy new cut and weave, prices range from$7.50, $10, $12.50, .$15, tlS and $20.We have taken the sale agency for the celebrated EmersonShoe, Brockton, Mass. This is the.classiest $4 and $5 men'sShoe made.Also the French Shrine hand-made Shoes at J4.The reliable Douglas Shoes $2.50, $3, $3.50.Those rough, fuzzy hairy Hats, $2, $2.5u, $3.Full line of Hawes Van Gal $3 Shoes.Monarch and Lair best SI Shirts made.Chutt's $1.50 and $2 Shirts, new patterns.Lion Brand slip-easy Collars, 2 for 25c.JFull line of Trunks, Suit Cases and Hand-bags.LWOLLSTEINClothing eind Shoe Department.line of communication with Algiersand the Governor-General.His chiefest concern now lay withthe future and the Pool of Flame; vboth bulked large upon the horizonand were at once the architects and !the nuclei of a thousand different .plans of action. jSo far, the affair had worked lsmoothly; he anticipated little trou- ible. ;So thinking he drowsed, and in tho!course of time lulled by the hammer-1ing of a flat-wheel at the forward end jof the coach, fell asleep. He waken-'ed suddenly after a nap of some twohours or so, to a confusion of impressions: that the train had stopped;that some one had invaded his compartment; that a cold blast was blowing across his wrists. Bewildered andnot half master of his senses, he started up and fell back with a thud, assisted to resume a recumbent positionby a heavy blow upon his chest, delivered by some person for. the momentunknown. Simultaneously he was jaware of a clicking sound, followed bythe sensation of being unable to movehis feet; and then, the clouds clearingfrom his understanding, he realizedthat the cold upon his wrists was thatof steel. With handcuffs also on hisankles, hev lay helpless, unable evento protest because of a cloth waddedtightly into his mouth and a firm handthat prevented ejection.Other hands were rifling hig pockets, swiftly but after a bungling fashIon. The tram, having paused brieflyat Setif (he afterwards located thestation by conjecture), began tomove again, was presently infull thundering flight. Abruptly theexamination of his person which"was so thorough that it includedthe opening of his shirt to assure the thieves that he .carried nothing 'in the shape of u money-belt'was concluded, and the adventurerwas roughly i'erked frito a sitting position. At the same time his gag wasremoved.He gasped, hlinkefi, coughed, androlled a resentful eye around the compartment. "Be the powers!" he saidhuskily"; and no more. At first glanceit became apparent that he had miscalculated the audacity and resourceof the Vicomte and Mr. Glynn. Theyhad literally caught him naDuing:.f Continued in our Next v:shcd Vr vou fc, cliati's. references rkv ban k in I.oI 3 isvillv. Write for -,ve-"l:!v price lbt.3 f.1. GAL3-L & SO MSfS ttr.m are:i''? or CJin:tii-;io;;32723-31 & 33 2. Ua-kst SI.. LGLMSV-LLC. KY.Doners in Fl'i'lS, HIDES, V00L.f ,t V fit tCvw83 KSWr"IiTHAT ITCH Sfr'AtTwin Bros. DepartmentStore, beginningSaturday-December 1 G9Display of Toys,Drygoods, Cloaks, Ladies'SuitsSkirts, Purs, Shoes, Millinery.TWIN BROS.Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, Kentuckyi&5rareTf you are suffering from Eczema,Psoriasis or any other kind of skintrouble, (Iron into oi:r store for instant relk-f. ve will guarantee youto stop that itch in two seconds.A 25c trial bottle will prove it." "We have 60I1I ocher remedies forskin trouble?, but non -that we couldrecommend more highly than the wellknown compound of nil of Winter8Xem, ThvmoL and a- few other ingredients that have wrought such wonderful cinvs all over the country.This confpoi-nc!. known as D. D. D."Prescription, wjil oool and heal theitchy, bnrninir s'cin -ir, nothing: elseeon. 't a reirulur bottle a:u.l tee onour no-pay offer.G. S. Vavden & Son.ifiuargoien s.The Best ofHome-KilledMeatsBacon, Lard, Ham,rlBeef,Pork, Etc. 'One of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are ShowingK. moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.AVe have made extra effortstliis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Come Watson Baird.rMENA lien afflicted with !Nease. do not waste yourbard-c'trafti money Hndvaluable 1 1 111 1 e.X'friiiieiuiug vrith KiiLei-t.-uatreatments, butCOM? Tfi Sicn.oue.r keep ,n w.r. It TU.,r r of work jaca rrn to py our r.,.p ,.rn.--,Snl f,e u-rru. Jom r t!iH h? r our trcntiueatJo can rp n5at wun oC.- wjrt.OOU SUFFERor rmit Iirli!l:r. nr .!.-. . .ni fcs-n a.ngins on f.,r wrrk ,.r n.6niht. routineI.n.n " m"at 'rfuUJ d,'" niSUuwo.II uu are dUeoupicei call an.I W( ui l.ovrT?5?J.',wk,T "ch trus...l- ctu be cured hr tli-For jrf tyitttion Lift and-a 00c u'i Mr., it Vitristt.JiIUT trritment.WRITECincinnati Men-Specialist Co,,fiai Walnut St., Cincinnati, O.mar-Decided Change.Mrs. Brown Do you think:riage changes a man?Mrs. Jones Vastly. Look at my husband. He used to offer me a pennyfor my thoughts; now he often offerame $50 to shut upWhite Waiting for His Oatrrieal."What has become." asked the inquisitive boarder, "of the old-fashionedman -who used to say, 'as thefeller says'?"Margolen,LParis, Ky.WINTER TOURIST TICKETSTOFLORIDAAND ALL SOUTHERN RESORTSOX SALE DA1L.YVIA;v ALLEQUIPMENTELECTRICALLYLIGHTED 'DIiNirG CARSSERVINGALL MEALSCARTEB IGOOD RETURNING UNTiL MAY 31, 1912.FOB FULL PARTICULARS, GALL QK AHY TICKET AGENT, QUEER & GRESSEKT ROUTE,OH WRIT55-H. C. KING, Passenger 'and Ticket Agent, 101 E. Main St, LEXINGTON, KY.41THE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 12, 1912FREE FOR STOMACH AND BOWELSWe are in receipt of letters fromMrs. Eva Gaskins, 304 Madison St.,.Topeka, Kan., and Mr. P. H. Gavellas, Wagoner, Okla., as well as manyothers, telling about the wonderful results they have secured in the cure oftheir stomach and liver troubles bythe use of Dr. Caldwell's. Syrup Peptin. This remedy, as all readers doubtless know, has been before the publicfor a generation and is now beingmore extensively used than any otherremedy for stomach, liver and bowelcomplaints. According to reliable testimony, it seems to be a very quickand lasting cure for constipation, indigestion and dyspepsia, liver trouble,biliousness, headaches, sour stomach, gas on the "stomach, drowsinessafter eating and similar disorders. Itis a liquid with tonic effect, and somild and gentle in action, that n rhilrfas. well as a grown person can take it,in race, it nas no equal for children,women and oldjpeople.It arouses the flow of gastric juice,and by a peculiar action trains thestomach and bowel muscles to againdo their work naturally, and in timemedicines of all kinds can be dispensed with. A free sample bottlecan be had for trial by sending youraddress to the doctor, for in thisway Mrs. Gaskinds, Mr. Gavellas andmany others first learned of the cure.Later, when satisfied it is the remedyyou need, do as others are doing andbuy it of your druggist at fifty centsand one dollar a bottle.For the free sample address Dr., W.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building,Monticello, 111.HONOR ROLLOf Paris Public School For Mon'faof Decem&er-rEnrollmenf, While, ;gle 93, A. T. Rice 93, Clara Hartley 92,Eunice Gifford 91, Charlotte Henry 91,Bessie Gifford 90.'GRADE V-B.Jesse Lowe 90, Samuel Mastin -94,William Mclntire 0.GRADE V-'A.714-Sverage Attendance SQelJSod9 H0 , . . j i da Anderson 93, Doyle Day 92, StanLlSt Of HOnOr itUdCfllS. ! ley Richard 93. Mattie King 92i Preston Bales 95, Sara Travlor 90, VailBaldwin 90, Stanley Rule 93, RichardSterling 92, Hattie Neal 92. I ,GRADE VI-B.Elise Varden 94, Maude Taylor 97,Stella Price 93, Eleanor Lytle 94, Fannie Heller 94, Elizabeth Clarke 93,Blanche Chapman 90, Vernita Baldwin91, John Brannon 90, Turney Clay 92,Thomas McClintock, 90, John Clay 91,Harold Hufnagel 90, Virgil Delaney 90.GRADE VI-A.Forrest Letton 95, Ruby Elder 94,Luther Bishop 94, Bertha Chism 92,Edith Harper 92, Vallette McClintock91, Daisy McKee 91, Claude Redmon90. Gray Elrod 90, Elizabeth Best 90.GRADE VII-A. 'iPearl Brown 95, Ethel Harper 93,Gertrude Lusk 93, Julia Fitzgerald 93sBessie O'Neal 93, Edith Bobbitt SO,Mary Bratton 90, Georgie Speakes.90.GRADE VII.Hattie Hughes 90, Sallie Crowe"92Mary Kearns 92, Gharlena Ball 94,Elizabeth Hall 94, Minnie Kiser 94,Fithian Arkle 92, John Talbott Redmon93, Frances Settle 91.GRADE VIII.Julian James 92, Elizabeth Kenny 93,Lawrence Lavm 94, Elizabeth Hedges '91, Ava Neal 90, Delia McDuffee 90,William Mastin 93-, Vella, Mastin 97,Catherine Patrick 90, Marion Douglass93, Sarah Thompson 90, ThorntonConnel97, Clark Wilson 90, EdithHancock 92, Maurice Clark 93, StuartWallingford 95, Barnett Winters 95,Margaret Taylor 91, Marian Alexander91, Marion B. D. Cram 90, LandinTemplin 94, Landran Payne 93, RbbertLink 93, Fred Merimee 90.HIGH SCHOOL.FRESHMAN.Allen Smith 90, Robert Adair 95,Drusie Frakes 95, Joseph. Lynch 92,Frank Wilcox 92, Raymond Link 91,Charlie Spears 93, Robert Mitchell 93,Gertrude Slicer 95, Edward McShane95, Grace McCord 93, Lina Crowe 98,Elizabeth Brown 95, Elizabeth Renick94.SOPHOMORES.Beatrice Chapman 93, Wayne Cottingham 96, Joseph Letcher 95, JamesHorton 91, Eli Friedman 98, HazelPaynter 90, Coleman Renick 92, MableArnold 90, Ruth Lair 92, SelloWollstein 95, Edna. Keller 93, MatildaJames 91, Jessie Denton 92, Ruthj Chambers 94, Mel vina Sharon 92, Hazelj Duvall 96, Edward Myall 97, GertrudeEverything was in excellent condition during December. The attendancein the white school was 596, ?hile itwas only 474 for the month of December last year.Mrs. Clark Clark, the efficient Truantofficer, is doing excellent work, andthis month we are having an averageattendance of nearly GOO.The colored school is in the best condition that we have ever known it.The enrollment is 346 and the attendance 286. This is an average daily attendance in both schools of 882 and anenrollment of 1,060.Splendid interest is manifest everywhere, yet, a few pupils as is alwaysJ:e case -are not willing to work, orthey are incapable to do the work. Allexcept a very few are doing most excellent work. Our schools do not"furnish capacity" nor give undeserved grades.HONOR ROLL.GRADE I-B.Hamlet Collier 90, Crutcher Chism 90,Leonard Fronk 92, James Harris 91,Russell Horton 90, Keller Larkin 92,Purnell Mastin 91, Eddie Munich 91,Carley Scott 90, Virginia Cahal 92,Edwin Cook 90, Margaret Hill 93, Elizabeth Lilleston 93, Thelma Payne 90,Elizabeth Taylor 91, Christine Tnomas92, Ruth Wheeler 92, Katherine Woodward 93, Hazel Shelton 93.GRADE I-A.Clara Haines 90, Sallie K. Steagall 91,Florence Hedges 93, Virginia Hancock95, Mary Feeback 90, Ethel Day 91,Marv Frances Burns 92, Mary MartinAdcock 94, Thomas Hill 92, PaulThompson 92. Edward Paton 93, EvansHieatt 93.GRADE II-B.Shelby Lusk; 90. Eva Chappell 91,Ann R. Duncan 91, Nancy B. Wilson94, Charles Padgett 94, FrancesMcCarty 92, Emmaleen Kearns 91,Henry Clay 90. Ralph Becraft 90,Kathleen Lovell 93.GRADE II-A.Hazel Myers 94, Herbert Myers 94,Elmer Burnett 93, Amelia Jefferson 92,Made Saloshin 92, Hilda Taylor 91,Irene Collins 91, Joseph Crawford. 91.GRADE III-B. 5Ella Louise Keal 91, Margaret Ewalt92, Virginia Dundon 92, Bessie King 92,Rankin Mastin 94.GRADE III-AThe PoolFlameByLOUIS JOSEPH VANCEIlTasirations by Ellsworth YoungI 'MKmn QOLewellyn Hughes 90, Mattie Lee : AU1"" "u TTTXTTAT,PScott 90, Irene Culbertson 90, Hiram j JUNIORS.Morrow 90, Mattie Pennington 90, Duke Brown 97, Olive Taul 93, LawRobt. Hall 90, Lola May Wilburn 90, j rence Price 91, Ethel Wood 91, NellieCollins Hall 92, Virginia Thompson 93, I Rummans 91, Maude Fitzpatrick 90,Raymond Stamler 93, James Arnspar- i Clarence Harney 97, G. C. Thompsonger g3, Pearlie Ritchie 93, Elizabeth ! 96, Earl Dickerson 9C, Clara ChambersWheeler 93, Julius Herrick 94, Sidney 96.Linville 94, VernaTurpin 94, Geraldine SENIORS.Herrin 95 ' ' Merritt Slicer 97, Elsie Heller 98.GRADE IV-B. ' JLutie Crowe 92, Nettie Dykes 90, . tt rtBlanche Hughes 90, Bessie Lee Snapp ; Misses Elsie Heller 9&, of the Senior93. Maf-fip A Wplmnn 92 Elizabeth Class and Lina Crowe 98. of the Fresh-Snapp 92. " man Class, and Mr. Eli Friedman 98, ofi the Sophmore Class, lead the HighGRADE IV-A. ; School and Miss Maude Taylor, of GradeHelen Rippetoe94. Oliver McCormiek ! VI-B, leads the grades with an average94, Christine McCord 93, Dorothy Tin- J o 97.1Copyright 1003, by Louis Joseph VtmceCHAPTER III. At his room O'Rourke,who had agreed to undertake the mission,awaits the viscount. O'Rourke finds amysterious letter , in his apartment. Theviscount arrives, hands a sealed packageto O'Rourke, who is not to open it untilon the ocean. He says the French government will pay O'Rourke 25,000 francsfor his services. A pair of dainty slippers are seen protruding1 from under adoorway curtain and the viscount chargesO'Rourke with having a spy secretedthere.CHAPTER IV. When the Irishmangoes to his room he finds there the owner of the mysterious feet. It is his wife,Beatrix, from whom he had run away ayear previous. They are reconciled, andopening the letter he had received, "hefinds that a law firm in Rangoon, India,offers him 100,000 pounds for an Indianjewel known as the Pool of Flame andleft to him by a dying friend. O'Rourketells his wife that it is in the keepingof a friend named Chambret in Algeria.CHAPTER V. O'Rourke is forced tofight a duel with the viscount. The braggart nobleman is worsted in the combatand acts the poltroon.CHAPTER VI. The loyal wife bidsO'Rourke farewell and he promises tosoon return with the reward offered forthe Pool of Flame. He discovers bothGlynn and the viscount on board theship which takes him to Alseria.CHAPTER VII. Chambret has left Algeria and O'Rourke has to gain a military detachment going across the desertto reach his friend. As he finds the latterthere is an attack by bandits andChambret is shot."Hush, Sidi!" Something In theguide's tone stilled his wrath. "TheTouaregg are all about us. They havebeen passing us throughout thenight" " ,"Ye knew 'this and did not wakeme?""There was no need; we could nothave moved ere this without detection.Now, they are all a-stir, and we inthe night, may pass for them untilmoon-up.". The guide turned away to rouse themehara, prodding them up, mutinous,snarling and ugly. In another fiveminutes they were again moving forward. By the time the silver rim ofthe moon peered over the edge of theeast they were pelting on at full speed,as yet, apparently, undetected by theTouaregg.An hour passed, and the chill in theair became more intense; dawn wasat hand. A sense of security, of dan-Jltmie LangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtf East Tenn. Phoe 669Cement For Sale.We have a few barrels of first classcedent left that we will sell below themarket price.PARIS LUMBER & M'F'G. CO.NOTICETOBUTCHERS AND FARMERS!Market Price I am1. Paying ForHides:Beef Hides, -1 0 1 -4 to 11 1-2Cents per Sb.MAX MUNICK,8th Street,. PARI?, KY.Gall East Tenn. Phone 374erms Spread in SkinEczema, Psoriasis and other skintroubles are caused by myriads ofsemis at work In the skin. Unlessxiiese germs are promptly destroyediney rapidly multiply, gnawing theirjyay deep into the sensitive tissue,-this is what causes that awful itch,and what seemed a. mere rashjn&y, grow worse and develop into a.loathsome and torturing skin diseasevvitn its years of misery.Uont take any chances! Destroy theSms.at the beginning of the troubleh that soothing and cleansing wash,1 D- D- Prescription for Eczema.G. S, VarWo imvfl had experience with manyremedies for skin trouble but havenever seen such remarkable cures asthose from D. D. D. Prescription. Instant relief from the very first apph-Weare so confident that I. p. D.will reach your case that it will costyou nothing if the very first full sizebottle fails to make good every claim.If yb"U have skin trouble of anykind we certainly advise you to dropn ahfnvestlte the merits, of D. D.D. anyway. We know that D. D.will help rou.dfn i Son.tne rattle of firing. He screamedsomething in O'Rourke's ear as thelatter passed, and turning threw himself flat and began to pump the trigger of his carbine, emptying the magazine at the on-sweeping line of Touaregg. The alarm was hardly needed;u Kourke and the guide swept onover the slip of a depression in the jdesert and halted in the midst of a tcamp already quickened and alivewith shadowy figures running methodically to their posts, carbine and accoutrement gleaming in the moonlight: men of the camel crops, hardened to and familiar with their work.They buckled down to It in a business-likeway that thrilled the heartof 0'Ro.urke. In a trice they weredoubling out past lines of tetheredmehara, past the white hillocks ofthe officers' shelter-tents and, like thesentry, throwing themselves downupon the ground to take shelter ofwhatever inequalities the face of thedesert offered; and their firing ringedthe bivouac with a fringe of flame.O'Rourke slipped from his cameland turned to watch the skirmish.Massed, the Touaregg, in strengthgreater than the adventurer had believed something like two hundredmounted men, in all charged 'downupon the camp as if to over-run andstampede it.Yet at the critical moment, whenit seemed that of a surety there wasno stopping them, they divided andswung round the camp in two widecircles, scattering into open order andfiring, as they scattered. Here andthere a horse fell, a rider threw outhis hands and toppled from his saddle, a camel seemed to buckle at fulltilt like a faulty piece of machinery;and so gaps appeared in the flyingwings.For the men of the flying columnwere picked shots. They had need tobo, who had such tasks as this to copewith.Nor for that matter were the Touaregg the only sufferers. Here andthere in the camp a man plunged forward in mid-stride, and on the firingline beyond the tents now and againa sharpshooter shuddered and lay stillupon his arms. Even at O'Rourke'sside, an officer was shot as he ran tothe front, and would have fallen hadnot the Irishman caught him withready arms and let him easily to theearth. As he did so the stricken manrolled an agonized eye upward."O'Rourke!" he said between agroan and a sigh.And O'Rourke, kneeling at his sideand peering into hi3 face, gave a bitter cry. For he had found Chambret.He Had Found Chambret!egers left behind, came to the Irishman; he began to breathe more freely, though still the polished butt of arepeating rifle swinging from the saddle remained a comfort to his palm.He grew more confident, mentally atease, seeing the desert take shapein the moonlight and show itself desolate on every hand.Even as he gained assurance fromthis thought, the guide turned in hissaddle and cried a warning: "The Touaregg!" From that moment on both,wielded merciless whips. For out ofthe moonlit wastes behind them hadshrilled a voice, cruel and wild, announcing discovery and the inceptionof the chase. The fugitives had needof no sharper spur.A rifle shot rang sharp on the echoesof that cry, but the bullet must havefallen far short. A moment later, indeed, they opened a brisk, scatteringfire naturally ineffectual, though thebullets dropping right and left in thesand proved that the chase had gotwithin range.Even with that warning, the endwas nearer than he had dreamed orhoped. It came in a twinkling and asunexpected as a bolt out of a clearsky: a flash of fire ahead, a spitfulsnap and pttt! the song of a bulletspeeding past his head.The guide pulled up with a jerk.O'Rourke, reining in desperately,swung his camel wide to avert thethreatened collision. Simultaneouslythe sharp "Qui yiveV of a 'French-sentry rang out, loud and sweet tohear."Thank God!" said the adventurerin his heart. And aloud, "Friends!"he cried, driving past the sentry In acloud of dust.By a blessed miracle the man was.quick of. wit, and swift to grasp thesituation of which, however; heVmust have had. some warning irpmOur FinalAdjustment SaleContinues to Draw Big Crowds.g Interest Never lags, for New and PhenomenalBargain Surprises Tarn Up Every Day.The keen interest and fast trading that aremaking our Final Adjustment Sale famous, show nosigns of abating. Nor do We intend that they shall.Every day we bring forward new surprises whichmake frequent visits to tire store most profitableeven if you have attended this sale on previousdays. New goods are daily placed on bargainracks and counters at phenomenally low prices.Nothing is reserved.You have no idea of the worderful purchasingpower one dollar has in this sale until you personally visit the store. In every department prices havebeen ruthlessly cut from 1-3 to 1-2 less than regularprices. Can you afford to miss an opportunity likethat? We think not!es It Pay to Attend This Sale?Well, After You Come and Glance Over TheMany Bargains, You Won't Want toMiss It For Any Thing.saleEndsCHAPTER VII!.Preparations for breakfast were toward; an aroma of coffee and baconhung in the still, crisp air. The troopers vere bustling about as if nothing had happened, laughing and joking, cleaning rifles, feeding the mehara, striking tents, drawing waterfrom the palm-ringed well roundwhich the camp had been made.yOut of sight beyond the edge of thesunken oasis a detachment was digging shallow trenches for the dead.In the open Chambret lay dying, astark grim figure in the growinglight. O'Rourke sat by his side, nearthe head of the improvised litter, elbow in knee, chin in hand, eyes fixedon the face of his friend.Just before sunrise the man on thelitter stirred, moaned, opened his eyesand turned his head to see O'Rourke.He smiled wanlj-. "Mon ami," he saidin tones, faint yet thick.. The Irishman rose. "Don't talk,"said he. "I'll be calling the surgeon."But Chambret stayed him- with agesture. "Has he not told you, dearfriend?" he asked.O'Rourke "hesitated. "Told mewhat?" ,"That my wound was fatal mortal. . . Surely he must have told you.It is so. Presently I die . . Content. . . . Let him be this surgeon: I am beyond his aid. Attendto me, in my last moments, O'Rourke,my friend."The adventurer vacillated, torn byan agony of compassion. "I must dosomething for ye," he said miserably.. . . "I must do something. . . .What can I do?""Comfort me." The dying manclosed his eyes and lay still for a little. "You are not gone, O'Rourke?"he asked presently."I'm here, be your side, mon ami.""Tell me ... of madame . .. your wife. She is well?""She is very well, Chambret.""You have seen her recently?"''Within ten days.""You have . . returned toher?", "No and yes. 'Twas not for lackof love for her that I gave her up ". "Yes," said Chambret impatiently."That I understand. ... I comprehend utterly your feeling. . . .But you owe her happiness, thoughyou . sacrifice your own everythingto give it her. She loves- you . . .as she might have loved even me hadyou not come into her life.""True. ...""You are about to pocket yourscruples that she may have her dueportion of happiness?""I've promised, Chambret.""I am glad. . . . But you whathas brought you hither?""I I wished to see ye,"But the dying are oftentimes andstrangely endowed witft curious insight into matters beyond their ken.Without perceptible hesitation Chambret made this apparent."You have come for the ruby," heBaict with conviction. - ; . ,"How did ye know?" - , .(Continued on Page 6)January 1 5thjfcaufmanj Straus 6c Co.jJ . LEXINGTON, KY. J-SttEKTLEMAIvSSHOEi I jjjkFor 33 yearsNettleton Shoeshave stood for trueeconomy to the manof moderate means;and to the man ofwealth, the best thatmoney could buy. Weare sole agents forParis.Our new Fall line in all leathersPatent Golt, Russia Calf and Gun!, now ready for inspection.Geo. M'WllamsJoe. G. Mitchell,Against Tire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies.Ph(Hife;62 . 'Agent.Kill More Than Wild Beasts.The number of people killed yearlyby wild beasts don7t approach" thevast number killed by disease germs.Lttn lifft is safe from their attacks.They're in air, water, dust, even foodBat grand protection is afforded by:Electric Bitters, which destroy and expel these deadly disease1 germs fro.the system. That's why chills, fever'aud ague, all malarial and many blooddipeases yield promptly to this wobdecfnl blood purifier. Try them and!enjoy the glorious health and7 newitsrength they'll give yow. AIoBy bk;if nob satisfied.: 25c at Obrdr'-V 'V V riTHE BOURBON NEW PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 12, 1912MILLERSBURG ITEMS.JMrs. J. T. Judy and children are. among the sick.y' Mr. F. F. Hurstl was in Louisvilleon business yesterday and today.Mr. J. B. Cray was in Lexington on, business Wednesday and Thursday.Jt. Mr. Ifcomss McChntock attendedcounty-CLurt at Owingsville, Monday.: Mr. J. G. Sraedley left Thursday for-- :a two week's sojourn at Martinsvills,-' IncUThe waterworks-in a number of ourhomqs suffered during the recent ccidepell.Born. Wednesday night to the wifeof Rev. W. A. S. Swift, a 9 pound son. William Kaiser.,- Miss Adrian Jefferson left for. her. home at Mayslick Saturday afterspending the holidays here.Mr. Homer Linville left Thursdayfor his home in Lolumbus, o., alter avisit to his father, Mr. J. H. Linville.Miss Florence Vimont returnedTuesday after a several days visit to- lelatives at Falmouth and Cincinnati.Miss Virginia Hutchcraft left Satur-day to resume her work in kindergartinat Sanders, Ga., after spenJmg thehohdSys at home.Miss Anna James McClintock leftMonday to resume her duties at LakeForest. University, Lake Forest, 111.,after spending the Christmas holidaysat home.Mr. and Mrs. K. R. Vaught.of Parker, Ind., accompanied by their sis'ter,Miss Bell Taylor Judy, of Mjllersburg,- will leave Tuesday for Florida, where" they will spend the remainder of thewinter.The many friends of Miss Elizabeth.Jefferson, of Lexington, will be surprised to learn of her marriage to aMr. Taylor, which took place last Saturday afternoon in that city. Mr. Taylor is a prominent horse dealer of Lexington. Services Sunday morning and even, ing at the Presbyterian church bypastor. Regular services Sunday- morning at Methodist church. Sundayevening there will be a temperanceservice at this church in observance ofTemperance Day throughout Kentucky. Dr. C. C. Fisher will addressthe meeting on the Washington convention and other matters. Theprogress of temperance in Kentuckyand other matters will have a placeon the program. Other speakers willlikely take part in the service.The pony stable of Mr. W. S. Judywas partially destroyed by fire yesterIEveryDAN COHEN!OUTTo-Morrow, Saturday,And While They Last. All Odds and Ends, all Short and Broken Lines causedby the Record-Breaking Holiday business, will be put.on Sale at Prices so Low that every pair will find newowners at once.Shoes and Slippers!Including some of this Season's selling lines, at greatreductions. Get here early and get- some of thesechoice bargains. ,Special While They Last:Ladies' Gun Metal, 16-Button Trooper Bootees, short vamps, QQthis Season's latest styles. Save the difference. Special IMen's Piush and ImitationSpecialMen's Box Calf Shoes forSpecialDANday morning about 10 o'clock. Theblaze originated in the hay loft and issupposed to have been the result of ,1spontaneous combustion. In the stableat the time were two ponies and onecalf, all of which were rescued fromthe burning building The loss is estimated at 100, covered by insuranc.Hungarian Killed By Train.Triafun Mardtic, a Hungarian, employed.by the GraceTConstreution Co.,in the construction of the double trackfor the L. & N., was struck by anorthbound commuter train near Kiserton Tusday night and instantly killed.The body was picked up and .taken toCynthana. His head was badly mashed and his limbs brcken in severalplaces besides being bruised and cutuver the body. Coroner Rudolph Davis,of this county, conducted an investigation. Mardtic has relatives living inCincinnati and yesterday his sister.Mrs. JesseiVtkosarlyev went to Cynthiana to view the remains, which willprobably be taken to Cincinnati forburial.Silks and Dress Goods.Big bargains in silk and dressat Frank & Co 's big sale.goodsStock Sales.W. G. McClintock, of this ciiy, purchased of W. B. Woodford, 21 head of1,425. pound catle, for which he paid6 1-2 cents. The cattle were shippedto the New York market.Caywood & McClintock sold 41 headof yearling cattle to W. G. and T.Hart Talbott at $34 per head.Asa Jewell, of Lexington, purchasedof Clark & McClintock, of thia city, 24mules at an average price of 182.50per head. Mr. Jewell also purchased of iTnomas McClintock, of Millersburg, 13head of mules at $170 each.Peed & McCilntock, of Millersfcurp,sold 16 head of mules to James Bryan&Son, of Nirth Middletown. for$202 50 per head.Basket Bail Tonight.The basket ball season will openwitn toe r2ris riign fccnooi tni3 evening when the girls' and boys' teams ofthe Paris High School and the Cynthiana High School will meet in the gymnasium of the City School in a doublebill. The girls will furnish the first.part of the entertainment and the boyswill bring up the latter half. The localteams have been hard at practice forseveral weeks with the result thattheygare in excellent condition for thematch. Under the direction of Prof.J. S. Johnson, "instructor in athletic,they have developed wonderful speedand early indications point to a veryinteresting contest tonight. The admission will be 35 cents.Bay a Bargain Bay at OurLeather House Slippers.....work or dress, $2 values... .. . :T H FTJk JnJlJf MlTHEATRICAL.THE HARVEY STOCK COMPANY.Without a single exception theHarvey Stock Co., which comes to theGrand for one week starting next Monday, has undoubtedly one oi the finestrepertoire of plays ever produced atpopular Drices. Such plays as'Ishmael," "Molly Bawn," "UnderArizona Skies," "Down East Folks"and many others tnat are well knownto the average theatregoer.The Haive players have becomevery popular in the middle west andthey have established a record that isHarvey Stock Ccmpany at TheGrand All Next Week1.. , , mnot yeiy oiten equaled Thsy canvfJulieeJl pesplF: .ec,al an!?h caS3 specialties are -introduced"between ads. M&nuger Forfer takesBreat Plensure in introducing thncompany to the theatregoers or thiscity and fully guarantees this attraction to everyone. Don't forget thedate, one bin week starting Monday.Opening play Monday night, I heGirl in the Barracks." Popular priefsof 10, 20 and 80 cents.? Reserved seatsfor the entire wepk will be reservedat Mitchell & Blakemore's.1 have fcr rent or will lease for aterm of years the best livery and salebarn in Paris, Kentcuky. Situatedcorner Second and Main streets, opposite Windsor Hotl, posseession givenJan. 1, 1912. E. T.P hone 198.J. H. BUTLER, '12 tf Paris, Ky.iStore60!.5.$1.49IIliif11Negro Housebreakers Jailed.Noah Arnold and Will Burl ey ...negrohousebreakers arrested in LexingtonTueday were brought to thia cityWednesday morning and in JudgeDenis Dundon's court were held to thegrand jury in the sum of $300 each.The negroes were charged withburglarizing the store of J. W. Mallory. at Kenney Station, about fourmiles from Paris, several nights ago,and were arrested in Lexington Tuesday by Chief of Detectives MakolmBrown, Detectives Donlan, Thompsonand Stewart. Both Lmen confessedtheir guilt.Burley was picked up by the detectives first and after admitting havingrobbed the store implicated the othernegro, who was later placed underarrest, and who also confessed. Alarge part of the stolen goods, whichconsisted of clothing, razors, knives, arifle ai.d tobacco, and returned to Mr.Mallory. Bloodhounds were sent tothe scene the morning following therobbery, taking a trail which was followed to a house clese,by.Their statement that they had stayedin a barn until twevle o'clock whenthey went to the store and forced anentrance was verified by the act thata lantern left in the stable was foundthe next morning, where it had beenoverturned in a pile of straw, whichwas partly consumed.Call and Se.Your spceial attention is called tothe reductions in clothing and shirtswe are now offering. Call and see. 112 2t MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.Special Sale of Enamel SteelDish Fans14 qt, size, first quality goods,35c.'12 qt. Enamel Steel CookingKettles, 35c.75c Tea. Kettles in Blue andWhite, only 49c.Breakfast Plates,' a set of six20c.Dinner size, 30c for six.See our new patterns in Laces.Some beautiful patterns in alllinen, your choice at 5c per yard.THE...THE FAIR...1!III Jas Thismim .--tv ' m - m gm tig tThe Vision a home alliIt's a Vision with many a many couple and remains a Vision because they donot know that the Vision this home Vision may readily become a realitythrough the aid of the A. F: WHEELER FURNITURE CO. store. .Bring us then your home ideas -let's plan them together Let us make youihome vision a reality.1 1 StovesNow is the time if you are inthe market for Cook Stovesor Heaters. We have reduced the prices for our January Sale, and prices are cutshalf in two.Auction Sale of Generalchandise.MerWe will open an auction sale in theold Baptist church building at the corner of Main and Fifth streets, on Saturday afternoon, January 13, at twoo'clock and in the evening on the sameday at seven o'clock The goods to besold consists of men's clothing, drygoods; shoes, hats, caps, cloaks, notions, etc. Also two up-to-date organsand some new furniture.HARRIS & SPEAKES.Bowmar's Mardi Gras Tour.Write to Bow mar's Tours, Versailles, Ky., for folders giving detailsof an ideal personally conducted MardiGras Tour, leaving WednsdayaFeb. 14,1912, visiting Nsw Orleans, Mobile,Montgomery, Ala., etc. Low inclusivecost : limited party : every thing firstclaas. 5 4tCot?jrishtlUlO. by tha Standard Adv. Co.!IP. Jp IWJty C&'3atiSZXr '-itZ-' " JfcOU can't keep up without a Bank Account. The marchI of time adds to the value of but one thing MONEYplaced in the bank. All else decays before it.Thwart time. Save money and but it in the Bank.We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accounts! DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS,Capital $100,000een your iisioniyour own?Gents'Chif orobe : :A beautiful America xQuarter, highly polished.The thing you will wantfor the room.16.75 up to $38.Paris Firms Awarded Contrac is.The firm of Bappert & Geroge, brie;contractors, of this city, have beenawarded the contract by the Louisvj,e& Nashville rairload, for the cor.3tr.-a-ticnof the new depot at Carlisle. Thnew structure will be 80x40 feet ar jwih occupy the site upon which stcJthe building that was destroyed by Eremore than a year ago. The budu rwill be covered with a tile roof,contract for which has been a farcedthe firm of January & Conneil, cfParis.'Messrs. Bappert & George haealso secured the contract for the br.work on tne new city hall which is tobe erected at Carlisle, the city couri;of that cty recently making an app cpriation for the structure. ivork n: rwhich will be commenced in the earspring.Surplus $30,000"5ltr. itlifeYft 1 v.-mRockersWe are offering for themonth of January somevery low prices onLeather, Solid Oak andMahogany Rockers,$1 .75 up to $28.00COHENParis, Kentucky.336 Main StreetA. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.At The BigEkclric Sign.CHAS. A. GREEN, Mgr.