THEBOURBONIIUVYOPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JUNE 25, 19,12iwSisIAasa4smmHp0mThe Simon Dep't Store.Saturday Specials!One Hundred White Skirts, $1.25Value, for Satucday Only,59cNot Over Two Skirts to a Customer.One Hundred Ladies'Gingham HouseDresses, $1 .30 VaSue, at98cNot Over Two to a CustomesiThe Simon Department Store,Paris, Kentuckymii mmm mmt mm m pihi n witI j K s i iFuture oi-Team to Be Decided rAAT THESE CHEAP GROCERIES16 lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.00Full quart Karo Syrup 1 Oc8 Bars Lenox Soap 25 cPure Hog Lard per lb 1 4cWhite Bacon per lb 12 l-2c2 Cans Good Corn 15cPure Cider Vinegar, per gallon 30c3 gallons of Coal Oil 35cBLUt RBBBOIM fLOURSS-Sjc Sack SOcSO-ib Sack $ 1 .601 OO-Sb Sack $3.20Honest Weight and QualityGuaranteedT. C.LEINIHAIN,Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234111The XTRAGOOD LabelMakes Satisfaction Sure.Sailor, Russian and Junior suits, pretty cheviots,worsteds and serges, newest combinations for Springwear, large graceful collars,silk ties, trousers lined.Most artistic designs on themarket, 2 1-2 to 10years $5.00"Boys' two-piece doublebreasted and Norfolk suits,plain two-piece suits withfull lined "knickers;" alsoNorfolk a'nd " knicker "trousers; new Spring styles,large variety of styles andchecks. A very popularAllVTRAGOOTlefwin rv tViic. season, durable senre liningsthe style and appearance of much higher-pricedclothing; sizes 7 to 17 years $7-5MMMMMMMnmiliPRI6& &60. Giotnier.Tomorrow. 'VThe future of baseball in Paris willbe decided at a mepting of the stockholders of the Paris base ball club, inconnection with the "fans" of thetown, to be held at the court housetomorrow evening at 7:30 o'clock.President Bacon, of the Paris club,has issued a call for the meeting ofthe stockholders of the club, and hasalso extended an invitation to thefollowers of the game to be present atthe meeting, when plans to keep theclub going will be discussd.Since the season opened here thelocal club has been playing at a loss,and at the present time it is said thatthere is a heavy debt now overhanging. From the fact that Paris has notbeen playing pennant-winning ballinterest in the team has dwindled toalmost nothing.and the meeting to beheld Wednesday night is for the purpose or stimulating interest, and forthe purnose of securing funds withwhich to secure new players.It is said the local management hasbeen jmak'ing unusual efforts in thepast few weeks to secure some newplayers to strengthen the club andseveral have been tried out since theseason opened, with a view of securingthe right kind of men. However,little has resulted trom this, and it isnow claimed that the club is in debt tothe extent of several hundred dollars.With no visible means to secure players the local management has decidedto have a meeting of the "fans" andstockholders, at which the situationwill be freely discussed, and an effortmade to raise funds to secure somefirst class men, without incurring afurther indebtedness on the part of theclub.This is the fourth year Paris hasbeen in the Blue Grass League, andduring the succeeding years the teamhas made money, but it is said that allthe surplus has been consumed withthe trials this year, and unless interestin the game is stimulatd it is probablethat Paris will drop out of the Leagueby the first of July.It will be worth the while of everybase ball "fan" and stockholder inthe club to attend the meeting to beheld tomorrow night. The future ofthe game in this city depends largelyupon th'e results obtained, and it is advised that all who are interested inthe future success of the team undei aParis management will turn out "andlend their efforts to overcome thedlifficulties which the team has encounterd this season.Nothing has done more to put Parison the map than the two pennant winning teams that represented the 'townin the past two seasons. Of course itis not reasonapJe that the team shouldcarry off the honors this year, butwith this the ' fans" should accord asupport that will sustain the aggregation and continue to have the sport.Let every one who can arrange to doso attend the meeting Wednesdaynight and boost for a better team andat the same time renew interest.r"WE KNOW HOW"v .JlTHThere is nothing nicer, and weknow there is nothing coolerfor Summer wear" than a pair ofWhite Serge or White FlannelTrousers.Just the thing to wear with a Blue SergeCoat, Straw Hat and White Low-Cut Shoesthese Summer days. White Buckskin andWhife Duck Shoes for men you will find herein all styles.Soft Silk Pongee S.hirts, with collars tomatch, made with soft turn-back Cuffs, WhiteSilk Hose and Wash Ties.Don't suffer with the heat when you cankeep cool at a small cost.; Mitchell & Blakemore,I9'Outfitters to MenParis, KentuckyNOTICE. All persons having anyaccount or claim against the ParisElectric Light Company, Incorporated,are requested to present the same atonce as this company will discontinueits corporate existence on July. 12th,1912.JULAN K. HOWE,14-4t Secretary.sinimrimmimjHuiuiuxi iiniiiiiiiiiiiniiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiJiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimmBulletins Oi The DemocraticConvention.A detailed report of the DemocraticNational Convention, which convenesat Baltimore this morning will begiven by bulletins at the old Baptistchurch, building provided nrcy ticKetscan be sold at 25 cents eaen. t. a.Porter has the matter in charge, andas this will undoubtedly be just as interesting as the one just closed inChicaero.it will be worth vour while tokeep track or it up to zme minute.Get a ticket this morning so vou winnot have to ask vour neighbor for thenews. A special instrument will oeinstalled this morning and bulletinswill be received every ten minutes aslong as the convention is in session.The Real Thing.Old timejhome-made Martha Washington candy, as good as pure butterand sugar, rich cream can make themonly 50 cents per pound absolutelyfresh none as good We are soleagents for Paris.18-4t CHAS. E. BUTLER & CO.Opp. Couit House, Paris, K.v.Attacked By Vicious Mule.David Crombie, a farmer residingnear Ruddles Mills, was attacked bv avicious mule and as a result sustained!several broken ribs and a number ofpainful bruises. Mr. Crombie was attempting to separate a colt from themule when the animal knocked himdown and began to kick and paw him.Grass Seed Harvest Completed.Practically all of the grass seed inthis county has been gathered andmuch of it has bedn cured or dried,and is now ready for sacking to bestored until the time for the cleaningprocesswhen the seed will be separated from the hull and chaff. Most ofthe crop was sold to the local dealersfor August delivery and until that timeit will be stored in barns. That whichwas purchased in the fields has beendelivered to the dealers and the cleaning will soon commence. Those whopredicted the yield this year wouidbreak all records were not mistakenand the most conservative dace theestimate at 1,200.000. which is enormous and the quality is the very best.The price paid was from 35 cents to SIper bushel. The latter was paid veryearly in the season before it wasrealized the supply would be.so great.5 Im i& iFRANK & C..The Store Where Reliability Reigns.Special Price ReductionsKMS3 S5.ONLadies' and Misses' SuitsSILK AND WOOL DRESSESRECEPTION AND DANCING FROCKSSILK AND SERGE SEPARATE COATSSERGE AND FANCY WOOL SKIRTSCome in and Get Our Prices We AreAlways Wiling For Comparison inQuality and PricesHALF-PRICE SALE ON LADIES' SAILOR HATS. -1Frank & Co.Paris, - Kentuckyfliiiiiiiiiiiiirm1iTHE BOURBON NEWS; PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 25 1912.LIlIIr.Let Us Initiate You Into WearingA Pair of Our ShoesI vmThis is the Place WhereYou Can Get a Pair ofShoes With Every CustomQuality. When You AreFitted in a Pair of OurShoes' You Will be Pleasedin Style, Fit and Quality,as We Have a large Lineto Select From.We Have a Full Line of Graduation Shoes inWhite Buck, White Canvas,Velvets and Dull Leathers.GEO.Druggists Deplore Sale o! OpiumDeolorins: the increasing sale ofodiuot in this State the' members otthe State Pharinacutical Association,in session' at Frankfort, passed a resolution calling UDon the State Board ofHealth to use its authority and influence to stop the sale of opium byphysicians in the rural districts,The next meeting of the associationwill be held at Mammoth Cave.There is no real need of anyone being troubled with constipation. Chamberlain s 1 ablets will cause an agreesable movement of the bowels withoutany unnleasant effect. Give them atrial "For sale by all dealers.Short of Auto Licenses.The increase in" the applications forautomobile licenses in Kentucky for1912 over 1911 has been 44 per cent.The supply of license tags has been exhausted," and Secretary of State Crecilius has been compelled to order anaddtional number to supply the demand.Revolutionary."Kate is a perfect crank on woman'srights." "Believes that women areequal to men, eh?" "Superior! Why,do you know, she never plays cardswithout insisting that the queen shalltake the king."Phones 301TSie ShoeTWINOothing DepartmentAll the Latest ideas inNow On DisplayA sprained ankle may as a rule becured in from three to four days by an-plying Chamberlain s Liniment andobserving the directions with eachbottle. For sale by all dealers.a part of the regular diet isScott's EmulsionIts highly concentrated nutritivequalities repair waste and createphysical resistance faster thandisease can destroy. --'All Druggists.Scott & Bowne Hloomficld. N J 12-11THE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,- ' PublisherEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. .. .2.00 Six Months.Payable in Advance.1.00Entered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.as mail matter of the second classADVERTISING RATESuispiay advertisements, $1.00 perincn ror nrsc time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher's -reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.Nature's Way Is Xlie Best.Buried deep in our American forest we find bloodroot, queen's root, mandrake and stone root, golden seal, Oregon grape root and cherrybark. Of these Dr.R. V. Pierce made a pure glyceric extract which has been favorably known forover forty years. He called it " Golden Medical Discovery."This " Discovery" purifies the blood and tones up the stomach and the entirecysteni in Nature' own way. It's just the tissue builder and tonic you requirewiiea recovering from a hard cold, grip, or pneumonia. No matter how strong theconstUutisu the stomach is apt to be " out of kilter" at times; in consequencethe blood is disordered, for the stomach is the laboratory for the constant manufacture of blood. Dr. Pierce's Golden Medi"il Discovery strengthens the stomach-puts it in shape to make pure, rich blood helps the liver andkidneys to expel the poisons from the body. The weak, nervous, run-down, debilitated condition which so many peopleexperience at this time of the year is usually the effect olpoisons in the blood ; it is often indicated by pimples or boilsappearing on the skin, the face becomes thin you feel ' ' blue.""More than a week ago I was suffering with an awfulcold in my head, throat, breast, and body," writes Mr.James G. Kent, of 710 L. Street, S. E., Washington, D. C."Somo called it La'Grippe, some pneumonia. I was advisedby a friend to try a bottle of your Golden Medical Discovery.' I tried a bottle and it did me so much good that I feelsafe in saying it is the greatest and best medicine that Iever took. My health is much better than it was beforeusing your medicine. It does all you claim for it and i3satisfactory."J. G. Kent, Esq.The Pot and the Kettle.The Breathitt County News publishedat Jackson, sizes up the shooting ofSheriff Scott by Patrolman McCann,at Lexington, as one of Jthemost cowardly and disgraceful affairs that hasever happened in Kentucky, even compared with the feudal differences occurring in "Bloody Brethitt" thathave been settled with bulletrand steel.The News' editorial is as follows :"Lexington has something to talkabout except assassinations in themountains."Attempted assassination on thestreets of Lexington in broad daylight,and in the presence of a number of people, was made by one officer of the lawupon another."The Sheriff of the county, unarmed,and unsuspecting, was deliberately shotby a uniformed policeman. A younglady was used aa a shield."Nothing more cowardly has dis-'graced Kentucky. The worst crimes '.ever committed .in Eastern Kentucky !by the rankest 'feudist' is tame ccm-1pared with it, for in all our troubles. !I and they have been many, women were 'i never used as shields or exposed to dan- jger."How any decent citizen, whether;in the mountains, bluegiass or any ;other portion of the State, can justify Ja cowardly attempt to assassinate a .man, ii beyond" our comprehension, jand yet seemingly good citizens in Lex- jington openly and boldly came to the Ii rescue ot this policeman, this sworn1t ii r i. : i i i t m.DADiCDTkTxa omuer oi uie law. wnuse uuiy u was" ' ; to protect all whoGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBAIMER.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.Why not you join the great army ofcustomers and burnDrink SPARKLINGlfcX?-ri is 4ft INow isthe time to try a load.tonDodsonA-r ncri.REG. U.S.Healthful and RefreshingAt all Founts an dK111 LIlJLLir.S.PARIS KY.inBottled By' iLWOLLSTEiNClothing and Shoe Department.mmmmmmmmmHot and ColdB ATilS?Hot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. . Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits You are next.M. A. KAHAL.M 1j BEMIS TNSPLANTERS jneeded his protec-!tion ; to enforce the law and prevent jlawlessuses. ."There can be no good excuse for.McCann's conduct. His recklessnessin repeatedly discharging his revolver! un the main street of Lexington, endangering innocent bystanders, bothlYlpn nnH wnmon 5c inovonanhlo axmnif Sheriff Scott had provoked him to j Paris,an altercation, which no one seems to jseriously claim. j"We have been read numerous lectures on the proper course to pursue m Icases of like nature, and yet we ven- jture the prediction that our bluegrass !brethren and 'city cousins' won't takethe advice they have in the past solavishly and gratuitously given; inother words, the pot has called thekettle black."Cumberland telephone ana telegraph CompanyINCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atMtllersburg, North Middieto wn. Little'1 RockRuddles Mills."When you have -last- lennesseeanHAVE telephone service. "service youAnyone who hasusedlthe BEMIS TRANSPLANTERand then used anothercanSappreciatejjthe difference inthe work doneJ The floating shoe positive valveaction, all steel frame, andthe ork "done are itfeatureGive usour; border; nowTfsoi youiil be sure ofgetting one,YERKES & PRIOHARDBoth? Phones 66IThe Game Law.The amendedfish and game law provides for a considerable revenue arising from license fees charged hunters,and'a Fish and Game Commission willtry to enforce the law through theagency of a fish and game warden ineach county. The sensible co-ope-raationof the people of the State willbe necessary to the success of the law.If it is successful there will result amaterial increase of fish and game invarious parts of the State and amatreial saving of property and relieffrom annoyance to owners of land.Up to now fish and game have beendestroyed ab libitum and irresponsibleparties have roamed at will over theproperty offarmers, sometimes causing fires, often killng animals andpoultry and always damaging fences.The protection of game is, in the viewof many land owners, of less importance than the protection of pioperty and the protection of property owners from the fields in the hunting season. Doubtless the lice: serequirmentwill weed.out somejof this clas?, butnot all of them. Sportsmen and landowners get along amicably, and sportsmen do notjexterrainate fish or game.If the system of supervision throughcounty wardens results in a reduction oflannoyanctt from hunteis and fishermenof the scalawag type fish and gamewill flourish and tarmers will rejoice,but the Dolice problem, in lzi) counties, is a large one, and unless the fishand game wardens are assisted withinformation and in other ways by persons interested in the conservation offish and came and of property rightsit will be impossible for them toacomplish the good work the law contemplates.CumberlandlTelephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporatedSome Good AdviceTo the People.Don't sell your old feathers until you find out the prices, Youcan call us and we will look atyour feather, or if you live inthe counrry send us a sample. Iwill let you know what they areworth. Some old feathers if theyhave been well cared for are asgood as new. We pay marketprice for new feathers.MAX'MUNICK,8fch Street, PARIS KY.Call East Term. Phone 374HBARBER0Modern Equipment.4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.Jlnnk LangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtfEast Tenn. Phoe 669Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDJoe. G. Mitchell,Against Fire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies.Phone 162Agent.Foils a Foul Plot.When a shameful plot exists betweenliver and bowels to cause distress byrefusingjto act, take Dr. Kings' NewLife Pills, and end such abuse of yoursystem. Theyjgently compel right action of stomach, liver and bowels, andrestore yourhealth and all good feelings. 25 cents at Oberdorfer's .LOWRY & TALBOTTIPeiris, KentuokvALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.willfnotjbe yours unless youhave a1 Majestic Rangein -Your Kitchen!Come in and see them. Theyare the best gade.Jjj AJtSTIc j WjESTlCj aTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 25, 1912This ysjmyyrad&Markx VFARDOUBLE STAMPEDI900 PbK uiy;U r ,,0t kinds ofn--Hi0 ?o anONE BLOCK WEST OF L&N DEPOTPAR IsS, IENTU C IVYLow Roundfrom Paris toNew York & Boston30 day limit Tourist fares toNew York $28.0060 day limit variable route fares toNew York $32.15 Boston $35-55Reduced round trip fares to manyother cities and resorts in the EastSuperior Service to the EastEl inw&B twN WlL. db N. TIME-TAEBLIN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.Trains ArriveNo. FROM11 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5 21 am34 Lexington, Ky., Daily 4.34am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 am7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 am37 Cincinnati, O., Dcily 9.50 am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 10.20 am12 Lexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 am26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 am2o Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pm1) Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pm13S Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pm38 Knoxville,Tenn.. Daily 3.25. pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5.25 pm3tt Cincinnati, 0.. Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pm30 Lexington , Ky . , Daily G , 03 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.03 am32 Jacksonville. Fla., Daily 6 05 pm81 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrains ZD e -partNo. TO34 Cincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am4) Cincinnati, O., Daily' Except Sunday : 8.20 air10 Mavsville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily - 0-57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily . 9.o5 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.24 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily -., 10.27 am6 Maysville, K., Daily 12.05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.34 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily , 3.4o pm9 Rowland, Kv., Daily Except Sunday.,. o.o2 pm39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ,5.57 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily G.lu pm8 Mavsville, Ky., Dailv Except Sunday t .' 6.15 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday: : 0.25 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily pm13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily I0.o7 pIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3, 1911.Trains .ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.40 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10.00 pm- Trains Depart -No. TO1,61 JFrankforfc"& Louisville, Sundav Only. . . ..... ...7 Frankfort & Louisville, uaiiy .uxcepi; ounaay.1 F: ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday. . ... ;...3 YJ ankfort, Ky Daily.Excepfc Sunday. , . ; . .OL!"i.jrzjstntTrip FaresFor particulars, rates, folders, descriptiveliterature and sleeper reservations, addressW. H. HARRIS, Ticket Agent.:6.20 am...7.43 am...9.53 am...5. 52 jamROAD ANDJJJTY AGREESHELBYVILLE AND L. & I. FINALLY GET TOGETHER ANDMAKE CONTRACT.Tracks Will Now Be Laid to the CourtHouse Mayor Casts DecidingVote.Shelbyville, Ky. After years ofsquabbling the city of Shelbyville andthe Louisville & Interurban Railroadcompany have come to an agreementby which the road will be extendedfrom its present terminus at the western limits of the corporation to thecourthouse, a distance of a mile. Theordinance embodying the terms of thisagreement was passed by the citycouncil, the mayor casting the deciding vote.Under the terms of the contract approved the railway company agrees topay the city of Shelbyville a $10,000cash bonus on August 1, with 1,150additional in settlement of court costs,attorneys' fees, etc. Besides it is tcpay the city 500 annually during thelife of the franchise, which is for ninety-nineyears, in lieu of any charge formaintaining the streets which it mayuse. The company agrees, also, to; substitute a six-inch girder rail on allbrick streets it now uses or may usefor the rail now employed.NEW SCHOOL STARTED.Olive Hill, Ky. Clay miners andjbrick makers, whose children are tobenefit most by the first industrialschool established in NorthwesternKentucky, took active part iir the celebration attendant cn breaking groundfor the new institution. The mayor,town trustees and the owners of theclay mines and brick plants, one ofwhom donated the brick for the 15,000 school, which is to be built underthe auspices of the Womans HomeMissionary society of the MethodistEpiscopal church, also participated.The new school has an advancedregistration of more than 100 children,who, through it, are to have their firslopportunity for industrial education.The town of Olive Hill donated thefive lots on which the building is to beerected.WILL DOUBLE TRACK.Williamstown, Ky. The engineering department of the Queen andCrescent Route has completed all preliminaries for the beginning of thedouble tracking between Erlanger andWilliams town, Ky. Grading will bestarted soon and enough steel to startthe work will be delivered about July1. It is expected that the work will becompleted around September 1. Thecompletion of this work will give theQ. & C. about 30 miles of continuousdouble track from Ludlow to Williamstown. GIRL DIES OF RABIES.Glasgow, Ky. An unusual case oirabies was reported here from Freedom, this county, when Mary, the 12-year-olddaughter of H. P. Gillen, diedwith the disease. The girl was badlybitten about a year ago by a dog supposed to have been afflicted with therabies, but the wounds healed and sheseemed to be enjoying health until recently, when unmistakable symptomsof rabies developed, and she died ingreat agony after two days' sufferingCONFEDERATE MEMORIAL.Cadiz, Ky. The Alex Poston Chapter, United Daughters of the Confederacy, of this place, has closed a contract for the erection of a handsomememorial on the courthouse squarehere to the memory of the Confederatedead of Trigg county. It is to be inthe form of a drinking fountain, willstand ten feet high, and is to be olGeorgia marble. It is to be completedby October.CHURCH'S CENTENARY.Carlisle, Ky. The centennial celebration of the founding of the Methodist Episcopal Church, South, at Pisgah, this county, was celebrated thereSunday, June 23. The Rev. Dr. W. EArnold, of Danville, spoke on "EarlMethodists in Nicholas County;" theRev. Dr. J. Barr Harris, the evangeliston "Retrospect and Prospect;" theRev. J. H. Williams on "The HonoiRoll'TEACHERS ASSIGNED.Somerset, Ky. The following teachers have been assigned their schoolsfor the school year beginning, in July:At Tateville, Prof. H. H. Smith, principal, and Mrs. Lizzie Shodoan, assistant; Sloans Valley, James Wyatt;Vaughn, M. T. Freeman; Strunk, MissTonie Sellars; Garland, Joseph , Hardwick; Antio,ch, Miss Grace Lewis;Bronston, Miss Emma Taylor.OLD CITIZEN GONE.Sharpsburg, Ky.- William Eldridge.80, died at his home in the easterrpart of this county after a lingeringillness of dropsy. He is survived bjseveral children and a number oigrandchildren.CONFEDERATE SOLDIER DIES.PlfCarrollton, Ky. George T. Gardneraged 72, a retired farmer, died at hishome in Ghent after a long- illnessHe was a former, Confederate soldierKENTUCKY EXECUTIVESFrankfor Ky, The following is ashort sketch of Dx C. F. Crecelius,present secretary of state. Dr. Crecelius is a son of Clark F. and KateWilbur Crecelius, and was born atLeavenworth, Ind., March 25, 1877;was educated in the public schools andUniversity of Cincinnati; was graduated from the Ohio College of Dentistry in 1900. He was married toMiss Perkhiser, of Leavenworth, Ind.,and, following her decease, marriedMrs. Margaret Gulick Dunstall, of FairDR. C. F. CRECELIUS,Secretary of State.mouth, Ky., in 1901. He was a member of the house of representatives ofKentucky in 1908, and was the authorof the Crecelius 'tobacco law, whichwas enacted at that session. He wasinstrumental in effecting the sale ofthe 1906 and 1908 burley tobacco poolto the American Tobacco Co. He wasre-elected to the house of representatives in 1909. He is recognized as achampion of the cause of the laboringmasses. He was nominated for secretary of state in the Democratic stateprimary in 1911, without opposition,and elected with the state ticket.WOMAN CLAIMS REWARDChicago Detective Asks for $1,000 forArrest of King McNamara.Lexington, Ky. Miss Bettie ' Foss.the woman detective of Chicago, whcis said to have given the first tipwhich resulted in the capture of"King" McNamara in Louisville.through her attorney, formally filedclaim with the Second National Bantfor the $1,000 reward which wasraised at the time McNamara killedJacob Kellar, and offered for McNamara's apprehension. The attorney,who gave his name as A. Hale Vollintine, 409 Ashland block, Randolphand Clark streets, Chicago, was in thecity only a short time, departing sooeafter formally registering his client'sclaim with the bank in which the reward had been deposited. The claimis in the name of "Bettie Foss, olChicago." It is said that at the timeMiss Foss gave him the informatiorconcerning McNamara Sheriff Scotlpromised that she should have the reward. SOMERSET NEWSPAPER -DEALS.Journal Changes Hands and Leader isBought in by Present Editor.Somerset, Ky. A deal has beerclosed with Steuben Godby by Woodson May and Robert L. Brown whereby the latter two come into ownershipof the Somerset Journal, the oldeslDemocratic newspaper in EastercKentucky. Mr. Brown is the Democratic county chairman of Pulask:county, while Mr. May is the StateCentral committeeman of the Seventl:district. Messrs. May and Brown wil'he the editors and announce they contemplate a number of improvementsin the paper in the near future.The Somerset Leader, one of theoldest Republican papers in the mountains of Kentucky, was sold at publicsale by Sheriff J. M. Weddle. Thepresent editor, Mr. Cundiff, bought itSECURE CONTROL.Lexington, Ky. The Louisville Tobacco "Warehouse Association securedoptions on the following tobacco warehouses: The Lexington, Shelburne's,the three controlled by the GrowersWarehouse Company and the newhouse of Luther Stivers & Co. Thecost of swinging the deal is said tchave been above $250,000.The deal, which is being negotiatedfor the Louisville people by A. P. Bernard, of Louisville, will give the Louisville people practical control of theloose leaf "as well as the hogshead market of Kentucky.McDERMOTT IS GOVERNOR.Lieut. Gov. J. McDermott, ofLouisville, is governor of Kentucky,Gov. McCreary has gone to Baltimoreto attend the National Democraticconvention.CHERRY PICKER KILLED.Maysville, Ky. John Schwedeneck,40, unmarried, while picking cherriesin this county, fell from the tree, hisjieck being broken. He died instantly.&h'e:fall ;was ..about,,seveir feat. . -xFOR CAPITOL GROUNDSTREES WILL BE SELECTED BYEXPERT BOTANIST FROMSTATE COLLEGE.Arboretum Will Contain All Varietiesof Native Trees of the Countiesof Kentucky.Frankfort. Prof. H. Garman, ofState University, who is state botonisthas been chosen to prepare a completelist of native trees of Kentucky andto select from this list a tree indigenous to that particular locality foreach of the 120 counties of the state,to be planted on the State Capitolgrounds at Frankfort where it is proposed to form a great arboretum typical of the forestry wealth of the state.. The original idea was to have eachcounty donate a tree, but it was soonfound that many trees of the samevariety would be sent exclusive ofothers and the Fayette County Committee, composed of H. F. Hillcmeyer,the noted nurseryman; Prof. H. Garman, state botanist, and Joseph W.Porter, secretary of the LexingtonPark Commission, is entitled to thecredit for submitting the systematicand state-wide plan to the tree-plantingcommission which has receivedthe approval of the governor. It isnow planned to have every county inthe state represented at the treeplanting of the Capitol grounds provided for by the Garnett resolution,and a suitable day, probably ArborDay, will be selected and appropriateexercises mark the unique event.Sale of Opium.Deploring the increasing sale ofopium in this state the members of theState Pharmacutical Associationpassed a resolution calling upon theState Board of Health to use its authority and influence to stop the saleof opium by physicians, in the ruraldistricts.The officers of the association "elected are: Clyde Grady, president, SmithMills; C. A. C. Hutchinson, first vicepresident, of Nicholasville ; James F.Wilson, second vice-president, of Mayfield; Robert Berryman, third vicepresident, of Versalles; J. W. Gayle,secretary, of Frankfort; W. H. Tibbals, treasurer, of Somerset, Dr. Gaylewas re-elected secretary for the twenty-fifthtime. The next meeting of theassociation will be held at MammothCave or Cerulean Springs.Insurance Laws in Book Form.A compilation of the insurance lawsof Kentucky, containing all the actspassed by the last legislature, hasbeen issued by the insurance department of the state. The force In theinsurance department has been working hard for several weeks, doingover-time, to get out the compilationas early as possible. The new insurance rate law, passed by the last leg;islature, is contained in the book thathas been published. The annual fireand marine report of the insurancedepartment will be ready for distribution by the last of the month. Thelife and casualty reports will not beout until August 1, which is twomonths earlier than usual.Primary Election Officers.Officers for the state primary, in August, will be selected this year by thepresent Election Commissioners, whowere appointed last year. The lawspecifies that Election Commissionersin the counties shall be appointed inAugust of each year, so that the commissioners appointed this year, in August, will not have the naming ofprimary election officers. The electionofficers are appointed to serve for oneelection only, and a different set ofofficers will be named for the primaryand for the general election.400 Auto Licenses.Thomas Byars, in charge of the automobile desk in the secretary ofstate's office, has returned from Louisville, where he went to issue automobile licenses to owners of cars inLouisville, to save the Louisville owners the trouble of coming to Frankfort. Mr. Byars issued 400 licensesduring the two days that he was inLouisville, that many licenses expiringthis month.May Change Encampment.Notice has been sent to the MilitaryDepartment of this state that effortswill be made to get President Taft tosign a bill appropriating enoughmoney to pay for the expense of theencampment of the National Guard atAnniston, as the appropriation for thispurpose was vetoed in the generalarmy bill. If the President fails to actin this case the Kentucky Guard willencamp here or at Camp O'Rell.To Boom Live Stock.Commissioner of Agriculture Newman let a contract for the erection atthe State Fair Grounds of a pavillion,in which instruction will be given during the State Fair on live stock andat which live stock. bred and raised inKentucky will be on hand for sale.Secretary to Governor.The resignation of Col. Thomas J.Smith as private secretary to GovMcCreary was filed with the governoiand accepted. Col. Smith has beenappointed Banking Commissioner, andwill begin his duties in that office July1. The governor announced the appointment of Francis BreckenridgeDouglass, of Danville, as privite secretary to succeed Col. Smith. MrDouglass, who is now the representative from Boyle county, is expected inFrankfort in a day or two to begiuhisduties as" secretary.- .DEATH IN EARTHQUAKEHUNDREDS PERISH IN COSXA;RICA FROM HEAVY SHOCK:lareat rnnprTV ins? khsu is. nnwi :storm Follows the QuakeCountry in Terror.New Orleans. Widespread deathand damage to property were causetf.by an earthquake which shook CosfaRica, according to a dispatch receivedhere from Port Lh.. .i. The numberof dead may reach' into the hundreds.Port Limon suffered heavily. Several bodies have been recovered thereand only a small part of the ruins "hasbeen searched. In another town near-'by 20 bodies have been found, and"nine in another. Scores were Injured. The entire country has been thrown'into a state of terror, due to the horrifying phenomena which accompaniedthe shock. Although the tropical sum; .mer season now prevails, there waa .a snowstorm following the quake. -HARVARD WINS.New London, Ct. For the fifth suocessive year Harvard demonstrated'her rowing supremacy over Yale' bywinning not only the varsity race with,six lengths to spare, but capturing thefreshmen event by 'a length and thdfour-oared contest by ten lengths. AYale victory in the freshman substitute four-oared race prevented a complete-Crimsonsweep on the river for.1912.' There was never a doubt of thevarsity race, and there was 20 seconds in time between the boats at thfinish.POLICEMAN KILLED.Memphis, Tenn. In a desperate revolver battle, between negroes and police reserves, one patrolman, John M,Taylor, was killed and seyeral others'wounded. Only one of the negroeswas arrested. Other members of thegang escaped. They are believed tcrhave been hold-up men who have operated on street cars in the suburbandistricts recently.KANSAS CITY FIRE.Kansas City. Fire destroyed theUnion Pacific grain elevator in Ar--mourdale,Kan., with $50,000 worth ofgrain. Thirty houses were burned"and the Union Pacific shops caughtfire. The Swift and Morris packingplants were endangered. The 'loswas heavy.-WINNIPEG WINS.Louisville, Ky. Winnipeg, Canaday.won the next convention of the International Association of Real EstateBoards, which finished its meetinghere. The Cincinnati delegation madea great fight for the convention.NOINNATI MARKETS:Wheat Easy Friday. No. 2 red71.09 1.11, No. 3 red 1.051.0S, No4 red 90c1.04.Corn Firm Friday. No. 2 white 8283c, No. 3 white Sl82c, No. 4 white757Sc, No. 2 yellow 7677c, No. 3 .yellow 75 76c, No. 4 yellow 72 74c,No. 2 mixed 7677c, No. 3 mixed 734ic, No. 4 mixed 70 72c, white eai7375c, yellow ear 7478c, mixed earI U KiU I IVjiOats Firm Friday. No. 2 white5454c, No. 3 white 53 c, No. 4white 52g)53c, No. 2 mixed 5252cNo. 3 mixed-51i52c, No. 4 mixed5051c.Hay Steady Friday. No. 1 timothy$21.5022, No. 2 timothy 2021, No,3 timothy $1S19, No. 1 clover mixed"2021.50, No. 2 cover mixed $i819c, No. 1 clover $1516, No. 2 clover'?1314.50.Cattle Active and strong on good;'steady on other grades. Shipper??G.50S.2o, choice to extra ?S.358.50;'butcher steers, extra $7.90 S, good tGchoice $7.257.S5, common to fair$4.507; heifers, extra ?7.757.85,fgood to choice $77.65, common fa.fair $3.506.75; cows, extra 66.25good to choice 4.85fri5.SD, common tarfair 24.75; canners, $23.25'Bulls Steady. Bologna $4()4:75,extra $4.85 5, fat bulls 5.2o6." 'Calves Steady. Extra $S.2o, fair to,good 7S, common and large ?4Sfe'Hogs Opened 10c higher on packers and butchers; 15c higher on light'shippers and 10c higher on pigs.Heavy hogs $7.70 7.75, good to choicepackers and butchers ?7.707.75, mixed packers 7.507.70, stags 4o!85fcommon to choice heavy fat sows4.75 6.75, extra 6.85, light shipperg;6.607.30, pigs (110 lbs and less)4.756.50.Sheep Active and strong at yesterday's prices. Extra. ?4, good to choice.3.503.90, common to fair ?1.253.25.Lambs Active and strong, 15c tc.25c higher. Extra ?9.159.25, good to;choice 7 9.10, common to fair 4.756.75, culls 25c to 75c per head; yearling 4.256.25, stock ewes 34'.DECLARED TO BE VALIDSpringfield, 111. The amendment to,the women's ten-hour law, enacted bythe general assembly at the last session, making the provisions of thstatute apply to hotels, mercantileand mechanical establishments, facr.tories and telephone and telegraphcompanies, was declared to be . constitutional by the supreme court ofIllinois. The Illinois supreme court'held that labor unions have the frightto strike if non-union employes areretained by .employers, y ,t 4 LTHE BOURBON NEWS, VARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 25 1912.4.Wanted a New Sensation. jBald One I would give anythingfor your splendid head of hair. Woolly .One Would you, really? Bald One .Yes, I would like to go to the barbershop just once and ieel that I wasgetting my money's worth New Orleans Picayune.cY0USaleA. S. Thompson,PARIPARIS GREEN..Is strictly pure made and kept athighest standard.Is sure death to bugs kills everytime.Is the most satisfactory Paris Greensold today.Is uniform in strength and qualityprotects the crops always.Get itTUso Arsenate of Lead, Bordeaux Mixture and LimeSulphur Spraying Materials.C. A. DAUGHERTY.Give Us a Triai on OurThat You Pay $12.50 Elsewhere.Sole Agent for These BrandsI Peter's Diamond Brand, CT1Reed Cushion Sole, M OPQSelz Royal Blue A1 vOJ. H. Josselson.71 5-71 7 Mainj Curtis Henry & Co., !Groceries, Dry GoocJs9Freski (V2eats9 Etc.Best Meats in Paris.Country Produce Bought,CASH OR TRADEThe Sanitary and Pure Food Store.No Fiies. AH Vegetables KeptInside. No Street DisplayAll Goods the BestPrompt Delivery toCURTIS HENRY CO.I Cor. 1 4th'Sight for Familiar Objects.A familiar face and form may berecognized at from fifty to one hundred meters.One Place Where Living s 'Jreap.In the Blue Nile region in itgypt anative laborer can live very comfortably on six to eignt cents a day.$10(y as BANKand you want to check out10,000 cents .You grow corn under the old methods. You cannot secure over 65 per centof the nutrients at the best, t Corn ishandled at less cost into Silo you get allyou put in, and the Silo itself costs notto exceed one-third per ton that of anyother form of construction. 'B J l j n serves a lifetime.ilea leaar mo gss,Staves made by the oldest company in the business.Kalamazoo SILOCO. MichiganAgent,Agent, Paris, Ky.at cur store1"J.UBStreet, Paris, Ky.and GuaranteedAll Parts of City.and Main'GREEN!Paris Takes Fast Game fromRichmond.With Hauser pitching to his old formand his teammates behind him hiitingandlfielding brilliantly the Bourbonites'took the husky Pioneers into campat White Park yesterday afternoon,winning by a score of 5 toj 1, in a fastand snappy contest.The visitors were barely saved a shutout when in the fourth inning they putover theii only run of the game. Hauser was very effective throughout, allowing but four hits, two of whichcame in that session and which wererpsponsible for the only tally registered by the Richmond team.The local aggregation put up a brilliant fielding game, going the entirenine sessions without a misplay.Kuhl-man. liarreii, LiOcko ana jtiaroiastarred at this, accepting many difficult chances. TheBourbonites touchedMyers, a former member of the Paristeam, for seven safe hits, ail of whichcounted in tha run getting. The Richmond twirler was very unsteady atstages and his failure to locate" theplate resulted in five passes.The Bourbonites took the lead in thefirst tinning, when three hits in succession counted two runs. In the thirdanother was added when Harrell walkedstole second and on an error by Rothadvanced to third, scoring cn Haines'wild heave. In the fourth inning.Roth the first up for Richmond hitsafely and was followed by a singleby Black. Hauser's wildpitchallowedRoth to score from third.The Bourbonites added their fourthrun in the seventh. After Hauser hadgone oat Kuhlman and Harrell singledin succession the former scoring onLocke's out to left. The last run came-r-r 11 T- t- I TT . .in the eighth inning after twomenwere down when Volz walked andscored on Kanes' two-bagger to right.Tomorrow the Pioneers will be theattraction at White Park. Thesion will be Indies day and allattending will be admitted free.The Peris management lastoccaladics ni&hreleased catcher Kane and announcedthat D. S. Hicks has been signed andwill be here to-day to take his placebehind the batHicks recently caughtfor the Cincinnati U. S. League teamand'since the team disbanded has beenin that city. Last year he led theMountain State League in hitting. Hewas a member of the Paris team twoyars ago. Since leaving Paris Hickshas shown a remarkable improvementas a receiver and will be a valuableacquisition to the Bourbonites.The rain and hail storm pat a stopto the game between Paris and M.Sterling in this city Friday, afternoonafter the contest, had gone but oneinning. The game gave every promit e jas being one of interest as both teams jstarted off well. iSaturday afternoon at White Parkthe Lawmakers administered a shutout to Paris, winning by a score of 6to 0. The game for six innings wasone of the prettiest Feen on the localground, this season, but in the seventhinning the Bourbonites went up in theair and victory was easy for the visitors. Ladwig pitched a good gamefor Paris, allowing but five safe hits,while Wahl for the visitors was at hisbest allowing but three, hits and fanned seven of the opposing batsmen.The Lawmakers added "another totheir long line of victories over Pariswhen on Sunday they walloped theBourbonites on the Frankfort groundsby a score of 11 to 2. Applegate,Hauser and Harold were used to stopthe heavy hitting Lawmakers withoutresult. Manager Gfroerer, of Frankfort team was struck with a pitchedball and his jaw fractured. Weitzela Frankfort boy did the pitchingfor the Lawmakers and the Parisbatters were onlv successful in get-ting four safe drives off his delivery.Refrigerators.the new Iceberg refrigerator"A. F. WHEELER & CO.Getsold bytfPorchRefrigerators; LawnandFurniture,See my immene stock of refrigerators ; every size and of best makes.My assortment of lawn and porchfurniture is unequalled. A splendidline of rugs, carpets and wall paper toselect from. Call and look them over.Prices most reasonable.J. T. HINTON.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES.Commissioner of Agriculture ;Newman Friday let the contract for the jerection on the State Fair Grounds ofa pavillion in which instruction will be 'given during the State Fair on livestock and at which iive stock bred and ,raised in Kentucky will be on hand for 'sale.For Friday OnlyMending Tissuesilks orclothing of any kind, apackage 5c.Ice Picks oc, Shelf Paper 50sheets for oc, handled GraniteIron Baking Pans, 6-qt. size,each -10c.Magic Solder, mends Rubber,Granite, Tin, etc., a package 10c.No heat required.Porch Seats 5c, Tin Milk Pans3 for 10c. All sizes.The new Indian Tuner Bell SI.Alarm Clodks, special Fridayonly, 69c.Cake Plates, Vegetable Bowls,Meat Dishes, big assortment,beautifully tinted arid decorated,your choice only 10c.Toilet Paper, 10 rolls for '25c.EJrst quality Granite 12-qt.size Preserving Kettles, each 35c.THE FAIR..THEFAIR!Carlisle Suffers Another BigFire.One of the most disasierous fires inthe history of. Carlisle broke out Sun-I day night about 11:0 o'clock in theI livery stable of James O'Neill, on: Main street, and befo; the flames wereunder control at 12 :30 o'clock, property! roughly estimated at a value of $25.000 was destroyed. The fire was with) in a block of the Nicholas county court. house, but at no time was this building threatened.The fire department was srrtly taxediu uyiijum tne names, imz cm x neroicwork and successfully gained controlof the confiagation within an hourafter it started.An ann(nl ivp? msr'o tn fho Pui-io1 department for assistance and it wasthe intention of the local" firemen totake the engine together with a goodsupply, cf hose to Uip scene and renderall assistance possible to check the progress of the flames. The Louisville &Nashville had provided a train lor thetransportation of the apparatus, whichwas tpken from the engine house at 11o'clock and was being hastened to thefreight depot when a telephone message from Carlisle announced that theservices of the Paris deuartment werenot needed.The cause of the fire is unknown.No accidents occured that endangeredhuman life although a great crowdgathered to witness the flames, whichwere in the business section of thetown.Sunday School Convention.'The Bourbon county Sunday SchoolConvention was held in this cit.v Friday, wth President Geurge W.' Chapman presiding, The devotional exercises were led bv Rev. J. S. Simms,pastor of the Methodist church, wherethe convention was held. The minutesof the last meeting, which washeldlast year at the Baptist church in thicity, were read by Mr. Houston N.Rion, Secretary and Treasurer of theorganization.Miss Maude Dance and Mr. lVaughn,of Louisville, two State workers, werepresent and addressed the conventionalong the lines of Sundav school work.The addresses were helpful and improving the members of the tassociation'who were, in attendance. The localworkers who contributed ood addresses were Rev. E. M. Lightfoot,Rev. J. S. Simms, Rev. W. E. Ellis,Messrs. H. A. Power and D. Y. L.Farley.The nominating committee comnosedof Rev. E. M. Lightfoot, Rev. W. A.Swift, of Millersburg; Mrs. T. M.Funk, reported the following names ofofficers for the ensuing year, whichwere duly elected : G. P. Fisher, Millersburg, President; J. W. Jones,North Middletown, Vice President;N. H. Rion, Paris, Secretary-Treasurer,also the following superintendentsof the departments: Elementary, MissBelle Taylor Judy, Millersburg; advanced, Mr. Henry A. Power; adult.Mr. L. C." Reynolds ; education. Prof.Geo. W. Chapman ; visitation. Mr. L.A. Soper, Little Rock; organization,Mr. C. O. Hinton ; temperance andpurity, Dr. F. L. Lapsley ; mission,Mrs. Laura Ford.British Like Cuban Cigars.Cuba's best customer for cigars isGreat Britain, which takes sixty million every year.Trophy Stake to Be Ran Wednesday.Latonia. which has been the scene ofmany a big turf struggle, will havefor its closing Jay, next Wednesday,the biggest event of the meeting in theCincinnati Trophy Stake. The besttwo-year-olds in the country are entered in this event, and there will be abitter struggle for the historic cup onnext Wedresdav. As in the Derby thecracks of the East and West are arrayed against each other. First comes J.M. Camden, with Helios, the winnerol the Breeders' Futurity at Lexington and the Harold Stakes at Latonia ;then comes G. F. Busehmeyer, of; Louisville, with Hawthorne, a gelding, who performed in marvelous style up, to his last three races, havng won nine.races up to that time, taking anotheri 'Friday. H. K. Knapp, one of the pill! p.rs of the Eastern turf, will be represented b.v Yankee Notions and Palanquin, both stake colts. Then there is' H. C. Hallenbeck, Eastern millionaire,j with a pair of crackerjacks, Hobnoband Frederick L., both speedy as theyj make them- Then there are a pair of! fillies. Christmas Star, owned byCatesby Woodford, and Star of Danube, owned b" J. C. Milam, both Ken! tucky horsemen. There are still over1 130 others, and one of the dart oneswill come from" the barn of E. R.Bradley, owner of the Idle Hour farm.It is figured that at least one dozenwill go to the post for this event, and! one of the gretest races bstween two5 ear-olds will be witnessed.' Helios and Hawthorne will carry topweight, and as the route is five and ahalf furlongs.it will be a trving ordealfor the youngsters. As it is the elos-ing day an especially high class cardwill go along with the Cincinnati', Trophy, and the day will be one to be' remembered.It has been many years since soI many good two-year-olds popped up.i There always was one goon one, perI haps two, but never ten, which are infnv vpnniiMno--the firstAfliSht- and just a Jbit of badj Preparations have been 'made for amonster crowd, and it is expected thatthe attendance mark made on DerbyDay will be wiped out.The cup is a beautiful piece of goldand silver work, and costs $500. Inaddition the winner will get somethingover $3,700 if the -twelve horses go tothe p.si, in inking itthe most valuabletwo-year-old event in the cnuntrv.NOTICE.The stockholders of the, Paris BaseBall Club are called to meet in thecounty court room at the court houseWednesday evening, June 26, at 7:30o'clock, for the purpose of discussingthe base ball situation in this city ardto devise means by which the teammay exist. This meeting will be oneof vital 'importance and all stockholders are requested to be present.An invitation is extended to all thelocal followers of the game to attendthe meeting.' J: W. BACON, President.Tait Choice of the Convention.With nearly 350 of the Rooseveltdelegates declining to vote and hastening away at adjournment time to tender to Colonel Roosevelt the nominationof a new party, the fifteenth Republican National Convention, at the end ofa long and tumultous session Saturdaynight renominated William HowardTaf t, of Ohio, for President, andJames Schoolcraft Sherman, of NewYork, for Vice President. Taft!received 561 of the.1.078 votes in the Iconvention, or 21 more than a majority. The decision of the Roosevelt people,under the direction of their leaders, toretrain from voting, left no othercandidate near the President. Theannouncement of President Taft's victory was greeted with cheers rom hisadherents and groans and hisses fromthe onposition.When it became absolutely certainthat Mr. Taft would be nominatedwithout great difficulty, the leaders incontrol of the convention decided togive him as a running mate his companion on the ticket in 1908. -All others dropped from . the race,and Sherman was" the only candidateregularly placed before the convention.Amotion from New Hampshire tomake the nomination by acclamationwas declared out of order. There weremany scattering votes on the roll callthat ensued.The convention, ramid much confusion, adjourned sine die. At no timewas there an indication of a walk-outby the Roosevelt delegates. They expressed their revolt by silence.Former President Roosevelt wasnominated for President on an independent ticket in the dying hours ofthe Republican national convention inwhich he met defeat. No Vice residential candidate was named. Thetollowers of Colonel Roosevelt tratherjei in Oichestra Hall, less than a mileIrom the,Coliseum, and pledged theirsupport to the former President. Inaccepting the nominaton ColonelRoosevelt appealed to the people of allsections, regardless of party affiliations, to stand.with the founders ofthe new party, one of whose cardinalprinciples, he said, was to be "Thoushalt not steal." The informal nomination of Colonel Roosevelt was saidto be chiefly for the purpose of effecting fa temporary organizntion. Beginning when a call is to be issued fora State convention in Illinois, thework of organization will be pushedforward rapidly, State by State.MATRIMONIAL.The following invitations havebeen issued :Mr. and Mrs. Lewis Wollsteininvite you to be present at the marriageof their daughterBirdietoMr. David M. Bachrachon Wednesday at noonJuly the tenthNineteen hundred and twelve1126 Pleasant street,Paris, Kentucky.R. S. V. P.Mr. J. K. Redmon announces theengagement of his daughter ,Ida, toMr James Febger Lea, of Philadelphia.The marriage will take place the latterpart of the summer.CROUCH-GOSSETT.Miss Eva M. Crouch, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. George F. Crouch, ofnear Little Rock, was quietly marriedto Mr, Redmon Gossett, of Harrisoncounty, at Louisville, a lew days ago.by Rev. E. L. Powell. The news oftheir marriage was quite a surpriseto the friends of this popular cojple,who will go to housekeeping at theircountry home in Harrison county.Daily Thought.When, there is order, there must bemind, and Where there is mind, theremust be a sense of justice. A. ConanDoyle.We All Know the Kind."It was an interestin' game," saidBronco Cob; "but it had to break up.""Wasn't it perfectly fair?" "Yes. Butit got irritatin'. We had one of themprotestin' fellers settin' into it. Oneof them fellers that can't hold lessthan three aces without thinkin' thedeal ain't square."Boosters will Arrive in ParisTcDsy.This is the day for the Boostersfrom Cinicnnati to put in their appearance in this city and from all accountsplans have been completed to give thevisitors a royal welcome.On a previous occasion the Cincinnati business men had planned to makea visit to Pans but on April 26. thedate set for their arrival here, a heavyrainstorm prevented a procrram whichhad been prepared from being carriedout and since that time a trip to thetowns in Central Kentucky which theyfailed to visit has been under considertion. The Boosters are coming about onehundred and fifty strong and they willrepresent almost every branch of tradeiin the Queen Cit.v. . Mr. W. O. Hinton, President of the Paris Commercial Club has issued an urgent appealto all the business men of Paris to turnout and greet the visitors.The special train carrying the boosters will'arrive in Faris this afternoonat 2 :45 o'clock ard tha business nunwill be in Paiis about two hours. Itis plar.1 ed to li:ive a committee to goto Cynthiana at noon today to meetthe visitors and accompany (hem toParis Tfce local business men willmeet at the. ccurt house and headed bythe High School Band will march tothe depot. On the return they willbe accompanied by the boosters headsdby Weber's band. The march will bemade to the court house when the piocram which has been arranged will becarried out. Hen C. M. Thomas willdeliver an address cf welcome, whichwill be followed by an address of several of the visitors and the programwll also include a concert by the bandwhich will accompany the boosters.It is desired that all of the Parisbusiness men .arrange to be at thecourt house at 2 :15 o'clock when" themarch to the depot will begin.Bryan May Make (Fight AgainstParker.William J. Bryan may be the candidate named by the Progressives tomake the fight against Judge Alton B.Parker, of New York, for temporarychairman of the Democratic NationalConvention.That was the plan that was beingconsidered by the Bryan and Wilsonforces shortly before the .NationalCommittee met to name the temporary chairman and set le the contestcases.Seeking to prevent the election ofJudge Parker," supporters of Gov. Wilson instructed Robert F. Hudspeth.National Committeeman from NewJersey, to vote for Senator-elect OllieJames, of Kentucky, an avowed ChampClark man.-Mr. Bryan said he would not take upthe fight on temporary chairmanship inthe National Committee and that itwould be fought out in the convention.Members of the National Committeemay decide to pass upon the question .of ratification" of the selection ofJudge Parker without debate.It was stated authoritively thismorning that the friends oi JudgeParker had 31 votes out of the 52 onthe National Committee.Senator-elect Ollie James, of Kentucky, talked for some time with Mr. -Bryantoday, after which Mr. James .made it known that he was not a candidate for temporary chairman and wasof the opinion that his name would notbe presented to the committee.JAMES WON'T BE A CANDIDATE.BALTIMORE, MD., June 24.-ThaNational Committee at 2:15 this afternoon apcointed a commtitee of two,Chairman Mack and National Committeeman Hall, of Nebraska, to confer with W. J. Bryan and Alton B.Parker and their supporters with aview to preventing a fight on the floorof the convention over the selection ofa temporary chairman.This action was taken after friendsof Bryan had served notice on theNational Committee that if the recommendation for Judge Parker is sustained they will nominate Mr. Bryan onthe convention floor to oppose Parkerfor the honor.After Judge Parker had been placedin nomination before the committeeseveral speeches for and against hisselection were made. No other nominations had beerf made when the committee appointed Mack and Hall andadjourned until 7 o'clock to-night.The Kentucky delegation at a meeting today announced their intention ofsupporting the choice of the NationalCommittee for temporary chairmandespite the fact that Senator-electOllie James of that State had beensuggested as a candidate by the Bryanforces against Parker. After the delegation in caucus had adopted a resolution pledging support to the National Committee, James announced thathe would not be a candidate for theplacePROGRAM OF CONVENTION.Tuesday, 12 o'clock Noon Convention called to order by National Chairman Norman E. Mack; call for convention read by Secretary UreyWoodson; opening prayer by CardinalGibbons; National Committee selection for temporary chairman announced by Chairman Mack; introductionof temporary chairman and his address; roll call of States for representatives on Committee on Credentials,Permanent Organization, Rules andOrder of Business, and Platform andResolutions.Wednesday Convention called toorder by temporary chairman ; opening prayer ; report of Committee onCredentials (this report fixes the permanent roll ot tne convention) ; report of Committee on Permanent organization; speech Ly permanentchairman; report of Committee oni Rules and Order of Business ; reportof Committe on Resolutions (this report is the platform of the party) , order of further business of conventionfixed by Rules Committee.Thursday Call to order by permanent ciiairman; opening prayer;sDeeches placing Presidential candidates in nomination ; roll call of Statesto record their votes for candidates ;continued until one candidate receivestwo-thirds of votes ; speeches placingVice-presidential candidates in nomination; roll call of States until selection is made; announcement of members of new National Committee; adjournment sine die.So, There s No Such Thing.Nobody ever possesses a luxury,for a luxury is a thing that one is notable to have.RATS MAKE NEST OF MONEYFiremen After a Blaze Discover $5Qin Celling of New YorkHouse.New York. Fire CommissionerJohnson has sent to the treasury department for redemption $50 in billsof the denominations of one, two andfive dollars, which firemen discoveredhidden in the ceiling of a house inPearl street after a fire. Rats hadformed a nest of the money and all ofthe bills were chewed by the rodentsand otherwise mutilated.The money, after it is redeemed bythe treasury department, will beturned over to the firemen's pensionfund unless it is claimed by JacobMeyer, who owns the house.Bicycle With Wings Files.Paris. France desires to promotethe science of flying without motorattachment.At Juvisy recently the bicyclist Lavalade by the use of a bicycle which,had been converted into an "aviatte"by adding a sort of wing, "flew" threefeet seven inches, according to theofficial announcement.He cleared a cord stretched fromthe ground at a height of eight inches,but most of the spectators were inclined to designate the so-called"flight" a jump.The experiment was preliminary toa contest here for a prize of $2,000 offered for an "aviatte" flying 33 feet-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 25, 1912(lib bOURBON NEWS. personal mention,ALWAYS HAS THE COF EVERYTH:Lot Sold Publicly.Auctioneer Geo. D. Speakes soldpublicly on the premises for Mrs. Ji.linA. Lyle, a vacant building lot on Vine istreet near Washington street' to. Mr.James McClure, of Paris, for,8300. !Something Good.We have built up a reputation on ourham and egg sandwiches. Gome inand try onethey afe the real thing.21-2t JAS. E. CRAVIJU.Mr. Jas. E.ngleman spent Sundaywith relatives in Stanford.Mrs.'W. R. Scott will entertain tomorrow at six-hand euchre..-Mr. George M. Hill, of Frankfort,visited his family in this city, Sunday.Mr. Brooks Dodson, of Maysville,was the guest of relatives in this citySunday.x Mr. K. T. Spratt, of Cincinnati, isthe guist of his mother, Mrs. A. G.Irwin, in this city.Mr. Bruce Miller is in Baltimore,Md., attending the National Democratic Convention.Sunday School and Missionary Workers, which was conducted at the G.W. B. M. school by an able faculty ofexperienced leaders, among whom isMrs. Louella bt. Clair Moss, formerlyPresident of Hamilton College, Lex-ington, and who is now President ofi Christian College, at Columbia. Mo.! The Bourbon Dancing Club willi entertain with its first dance of theI summer at Elks' Hall on Wednesdaylevelling. Julv 3. At a recent meetingof the members of the club the follow' ing officers were elected for J the ensuing year: Harry Liorton, Fresioent;Charlton Ciay, Vice President ; FayArdery, Secretary and Treasurer.Protect your growing tobacco with Hail Insurance.THOMAS & WOODFORD.Hailstorm Visits Paris.A heavy rain, accorcoanied by hail,wind and lightning, visited Paris Friday afternoon. The hail which fellfor several minutes, was the largestthat has fallen here for several year?,and aside from some injury to gardensand foliage no damage has been re-oorted.On Ice.Watermelons on ice, lU'cents persiKie. jrieu as djoou and as sweet as ihoney.21-2t JAS. E. CRAVEN.Miss Virginia Jouett. of Winchester, is visiting her sister, Mrs, Withers Davis, in this city.Miss A Ana Eads Peed has returnedfrom a visit to Miss Nellie Lou Robards, in Harrodsburg.Mr. 0. P. Carter, who has been illi at the home of his son. Mr. 0. P. Carj ter Jr.. in East Paris, is improving.' I Mr. Dennis Snapp attended theState Conference of the Epworthj League held in Cynthiana last week.Miss Madeline Aldrich has returnedto her home m Maysville after a shortvisit to Mrs. I nomas Best, in this city.Mrs. John Towles has returned toher home near P3iis after a visit tohf-rbrother, Mr. J. C. Adair, in MasoncountyMr. H. C. Ogle, Sr., left Wednesday for a two month's visit to relatives in Chicago, 111., and Topeka.Kansas.Week's Program at theAlamo.forThe folllowing is the programthe week at the Alamo Theatre:TUESDAY.A Humble Hero. The Seipents.Quarantine.WEDNESDAY.Sanitary Shaving Mugs.Having just installed threeGlass Sanitary Shaving Mugs,the very latest thing in Barberfixtures, I am prepared to givemy trade the very best andcleanest of service. Individualsoap for each customer and alltowls thorougnly sterilized.Baths at all hours.One trial will convince you thatmy place is the cleanest and coolest in town.JOHN O. AYERS,Next to Home Phone Office.InThe Vio-enjammerFor Sale.Oid Hickory Chairs for porches,2.75, . 25 while they last.A. F. WHEELER & CO."The Davis Fifteen."Its a bear for wear, and for looks.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Goes With L. & K.Mr. James Templin, son of Mr. andMrs. T. T. Temnlin, of Paris, has secured a position with the mechanicaldepartment of the Louisville & Nashville railroad, in this city, and has entered upon his duties. Mr. TemplinwilJgbe connected with the departmentu naer the control of Mr.Harry Stam-Ier.Yhite Footwear Special.Ladies high .grade white shoesvalue, special at 2.39 and $1.99.DAN COHEN.S3Good Enough for Anybody.Our $20 blue serge. Guaranteed fastcolor and a new one if it does'nt satisfy. J. W. DAVIS & CO.Will Attend Educational Meeting.Bourbon county will Jbe well repreented at the meeting of the KentuckyEducationl Association which will convene in "Louisville Wednesday. Thedelegation of Bourbon teachers whichwill attend the association will beheaded by the County Superintendent, Miss Brent AlexanderbV R?bbs Wl11 Jeave for Louis- j MrjJ BvacQ K Adair and ljttleyille Wednesday morning and are as tol- Nathan BayiGSS Adair, after a visit of !lows:: Misses Lola Gray, Jessie Mae several months to reiatives here, have!ucKerman j.inian iviason aubie ' way. returned t0 Colon Canal Zone viaDons Elliott and Mrs. Hattie Ardery. . New 0rleana where Mr Adair has a(position with the U. S. government.Mrs. J. W. Huffman and daughter,Miss Edna Huffman, left Saturday forSpringfield .Ohio, for an extended visitto relatives.Miss Elizabeth Whiceridgp, ofBaltimore. Md., is expected to arrivein a few days to visit her cousin, MissCarolyn Roseberry.Mrs. W. 0. Hinton will entertainwith a tea party Friday in hoiior ofMr. and Mrs. Amos Turney, that beingthe first anniversary of their wedding.Mrs. R. Q. Thompson and daughter. Miss Katie Graham Thompson, ofColumbia, S. C., will arrive the last ofthe week for a visit to Mrs. J. T. Hinton. Miss Sallie Whitley and nephew,Mr. Winston Dunbar, of North Carolina, have arrived for a visit to MissWhitley's brother, Mr. Wade HamptonWhitley.Mrs. Elizabeth Gooch and daughter. Miss Mary Gooch, of CampbellHagerman College. Lexington, arespending the summer with Mrs. L. H.Pryor, near this city.Mrs. W. R.Swearinger and daughter, Miss Elanor, arrived yesterdayfrom Chicago to spend the smumerwith the former's father, Mr. GeorgeR. Davis, in this city.Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraft willentertain the Bridge club Wednesdaymorning in honor of xMiss Mary Leonard, of Lexington, and her guest, MissOverton, of Tennessee.Mrs. Ulie Howard returned Tuesday to her home in Covington. Herson, Master Alexander Howard, willspend the remainder of the summerwith his grandmother, Mrs. BelleA Lodging for "A Night,lin's Message. The KatzKids.THURSDAY.The Dead Man's Claim. AuntMiranda's Cat. Josephine.FRIDAY.The- Automatic Moving ComDany.Finding lhe Last Chance Mine. Brave,Braver, Bravest. ""SATURDAY. -When Daddy Was Wise. Thechute Maker. Love of AnMaid.Para-IslandLaughlia Will Treat Your Hogs.Mr. B. F. Laughlin, manufacturer ofLaughln's Hog and Chicken Remedy,can be found at all times at Butler'sdrug store, opposite the court house,Paris. Kv.. He will treat your hogs.18-4tFire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.Will Elect Teachers.The Division Board of the Bourbonoounty Board of Education will meetSaturday in the office of the CountySuperintendent for the purpose ofelecting teachers .for the coming year.Reul Estate Tranfers.Following are deeds lodged forrecord in the office of County OlerkPearce Paton:R. B. Hutchcraft- to F. L. Walker,lot in Massie Addition, $1,000. J. R.Stivers and T. H. Tarr to T. J. Flora,lot in Paris 5,000. Sallie Marks andothers to H. J. Grosche, lot in Paris,$5,000.FOR RENT.Cottage at the corner of Lillestonavenue ar.d Hanson street, containing five rooms, pantry, bath, cellar,coal and henhouse. Rents for $12.50per month. Apply toJOHN CAIN.For SaleHouse and lot in Ruckerville. Forterms apply to21-3t J. SHERMAN AYEKS.rrrwMiiiISpecialsenjoy a VictorOr a OkiroiafeS-alssesmnrraero Wefoave a fuU strip"pfiy of the Iaesmodels. Victors$10 LBp-VScrolas$ 1 5 to $200. AS!Erie late recorEasy terms if desired.Ladies' 25c Gauze Lisle Hosiery loeLadies'- 50c Pure Silk Hosiery 39cLadies' 75c Pure Silk Hosiery .'. 0cMisses' 7oc Pure Silk Hosiery 50c:Ladies' 25c Ribbed Lisle Vets 15cLadies' 50c Ribbed Lisle Vests Soc15cStickeri or ScallopedjEdges 10c;10c Handkerchiefs 1 .'.".5e65c and 75c Neckwear .' 49e50c Shears and Scissors . . . . ..;.25crUp-to-Date Novelties Arriving Daily.mw9TuckerAgent Buttcrick PatternsALWAYS THE NU. ' -Fee'sSpecial$ 1 5.00 VICTROLA.zy Flavor. jrThafshaiJempted3Js:years'ago toideyelopihe;f ull:rXchlf lavorXofyC toea:Sanborii!s:Higi Crde CoffeeCOFPEES AND TEAS,Fee's Grocery Co.DAUGHERT? BROS. 1 fPorch Chairs.Green Willow porch Chars were$4.50, now S2.75 while they last.A. F. WHElULER & GO.Refrigerators.New Iceberg Refrigerators $6.75upto S25.00.Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Hancock anddaughters, Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Roebuck and Mr. and Mrs. Thos. McDonald have returned from Louisville,where they attended .the Train Dispatchers' Convention, after which avisit was made to Mammoth Cave.Forent.Desirable flat to rent on secondfloor, over C. P. Cook's grocery, onMain street, between Seventh andj Eighth ; bathroom and other conveniences. .Possession at once. Apply toJ. T. HINTON,18-tf Both phones 36.A. F. WHEELER & CO.Tractiaa Company Must ExplainRussell Stone, proprietor of softdrink stand in Georgetown, was fined.$100 for violation of the local optionlaw. In a raid on his place six ore'ght cases of beer were found in hispossession. This was purchased atLexington, and the County Attorneyhas summoned the officils of the Bluegrass Trcrtion Company to appear andexplain their part in the transportation of .the liquor from Lexingion toGeorgetown, as this is a violation ofthe law prohibiting the shipment ofintoxicating liquors into local optionterritory.Melons.Fine cantelopes and water, melonsiust received. Phone in your order.21-2t SAUER.Boots, Oxfords and Pumps.Plenty of white Newbuck boots forladies, also oxfords and pumps, nowon sale at Fel33' Shoe Store. tfBig Whiskey Deal.Mr. John Johnson, who conducts asaloon at the corner of Tenth andPleasant streets, has'Just closed a tradewith the Wigglesworth distillery for alarge amount of whiskey. The agreements that Mr. Johnson is to takefrom'their warehouses not less than 25barrels per month. This whisky isfdmo voire nlri rinnnle stamned coods.Owinc to the large amuor.t purchased, ed candles. During the intermission aMr. L. C. Reynolds, Superintendent of the Metropolitan Lite Insurance Co., of this city, left Saturday toattend the Baraca Convention at Norfolk, Va., Mr. Reynolds is general secretary of the World-Wide Baraca organization and will be gone for several days.-Misses Rena Bowling and VivinaBramel have returned to their homein Maysville after a visit to Misses Addie and Gertrude Bramel, near Paris.The young ladie3 were en route fromRichmond, where they attended thesummer session of the State NormalSchool.Miss Rebecca Shive entertainedabout thirty of her little friends atthe home of her parents, Rev. andMrs. B. M. Shive, on Duncan Avenue,Friday. The occasion was in honor ofthe eighth birth clay of the little hostess, and she was remembered withmany handsome gifts. The afternoonwas spent in playing games, afterwhich refreshments were served. ;Messrs. Thorns Prichard and Rogers,Moore gave a dance Thursday evening ,at Elks' Hall. . About one hundred ;and fifty invitatons were issued, most ;of which were accented. The hall was jattractiveiy decorated, pink and white jbeing the party scheme. During theevening penora and orange ice weredispensed by Miss Carolyn Roseberry jfrom a beautifully appointed table inone end of the ball room. The table Iwas covered with ..an exquisite drawnwork cloth, and ornamented with a jrr-rnc?nn nf flsnaratnis. nlumosa and !I 7 l- -J t.tWL vInl oV-iorlpiilK roses, auu nuiiicu wim jjiim cuuuCbe Insurance JTgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::jgest and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Call. '2 Helios 137Yard Swings$4.00c2aoyrs9xperieoceMr. Johnson will be able to iurnisn niscustomers with this goods at S2.00 pergallon. According to the above hewill have to sell a barrel a day or 313narrelsja year of this'Darticular brand.For Sale.-Kitchen Cabinets $9.75 up to $27.50.A. F. WHEELED & CO.Protect your growing tobacco with Hail Insurance.THOMAS & WOODFORD.Lost..Male fox terrier.black and whitename.of "Dude."his return todog; white, withhead ; answers toReward of $10 forJOHN SAUJSR.lunch of substantial was served.Miss Mary Adams Talbott, the attractive daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Rohert C. Talbott, entertained aboutsixty of her young friends Thursday at ;their elegant country Home, i,ouaonHall." Those who attended fromParis went and returned on the trainto Austerlitz, and they were a merryparty. The guests enjoyed Five Hundred, theltables being-arranged in theenn iiarlor. library and living room.During the hours delicious frapne was"i served and about one 5'clock a lunch- J! eon of substantials was greatly enjoy-,i pfi The occasion was a most delight- !ful one, and' the charming young jlostess -was very gracious in nerhospitality.MrE. R. B. Hutchcraft has returned f'om Moreheadjwhere she attendedshe Summer School of Methods for. With a reputation based upontwenty-five years of successfulbanking experience theThe Bourbon Batik andTrust Co.Paris, Kentucky,has amended, its charter so as tobe able to act as Executor or Administrator of Estatesas Guardianor Trustee and any other fiduciarycapacity.With ample capital and surplusand long experience, its TrustDepartment is eminently qualifiedto render efficient service. .Porch SwinBourbon Bank 4 Trusti Paris, Ky.Co.,Capital and Surplus $146,000.003 per cent, paid on Time Deposits$2.75and upWith Chains and Hangers.JT. T. HintonVst2mTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY; JUNE 25, 191 2FOR PEOPLE WHOHAVE TO EAT.If you eat you need "Digestit." Itaidd Digestion, prevents distress aftereating, stops cas formation, relievesindigestion instantly and cures dyspepsia. Brown's Digestit is a little tablet easy to swallow and absolutelyharmless. It has relieved thousands.Spld on positive guarantee. Yourmoney back if you want it 50c. Askat G. S. Varden & Son's.Famous Stage Beautieslook with horror on skin eruptions'blotches, sores or pimples. Theydon't have them, nor will any onewho uses Buckln's Arnica Salve. Itglorifies the face, eczema or saltrheum vanish before it. It cures sorelips, cnapped hands : heals burns, cutsand bruises. Unequaled for piles.Only 25 c. at Obsrdorfer's.Picture of Coffin Causes Release.Houlding that James Reffett, ofNicholas county.was coerced into pooling 5 1-2 acres with the Burley 'Socetyin 1909. the Court of Appeals .Fridayaffirmed the judgment of the Montgomery Circuit Court which held thatReffett was not guilty of violatingSection 3841-A of the Kentucky statutes. Reffett claimed that he joinedthe pool becuse he found the drawingof a coffin on thecovering of his tobacco bed, and that he was threatenedwith injury if he did not join the pool.Drives Off a Terror.The chief executioner of death inthelwinter and SDring months is pneumonia. Its advance agents are coldsand grip. In any attack by gone 0fthese maladies no time should be lostin taking the best medicine obtainableto drive it off. Countless thousandshave found this to be Dr. King's NewDiscovery. "My husband believesthat it has kept him from having pneumonia thiee or four times" writesMrs. George W. Place, RawsonviUe,Vt, "and forcoughs, colds and croupwe have never found its equal."Guaranteed for all bronicha' affections.Price 50 cents and SI. 00. Trial bottlefree at Oberdorfer's.AUTO FOR HIRESpecial attention given toparties desiring to hire automobiles. Call on us fort pricesTRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Livery, Feed and Sales Stable.Eighth Street Both Phones.I MESSAGE TO 1YI CI INV,YOU CAN BE CURED BYDE. C. L. DOLLE."Why Take Treatment That Is Doing Ton3Co Good, When a Vow Days under the caref Dr. Delle Will Show You How Easy ItIs to Care These Diseases When the ProperTreatment Is Administered.Have you treated for months and years, and,"been disappointed until you think that you canf not be cured ? You, no doubt, all this time haveleen treated by inexperienced doctors who hadneither sufficient knowledge nor experience to3aiow how to cure you.These are the diseaprs of which I haveured so many, Juutly giving me the reputation for cures of which I am so proud.Blood Diseases, Skin DiseasesJ will give you treatment that will in a fewdays cure all rash, spots and every sigri andsymptom. My treatment Rets the poison out ofthe system instead of driving it in like ordinarytreatments. I cure blood diseases and skin disease so they cannot come back."Varicocele, causing aching or pain ingroin or back, Ifervousness, "Weakness,Xioss of Vitality, Lack of AmbitionMy one-treatment cure is what you shouldnave and what you will have to have to be cured.right. Only one v.Pitis required. I do no cutting and you suffer no pain ncr trouble. All.signs disappear in a few days,j Nervous Troubles, Lost VitalityMy combined treatment for these troubles socommonjamonjr those who have become weak andirornout, who have caused it by folly, dissipationand excesses, is remarkably good. No one believeshow quickly it benefits until they have taken it.It overcomes weakness, nervousness, pain in"back, lack of energy, ambition and strength it'sjust the treatment I have found so effective iutreating such diseases., Kidney and Bladder Troublesare scientifically cured by me. My methods imTaediately benefit you, and the majority of casesI cure come from physicians and specialists whofailed.T) if PJc-Htliafk I can cure you solllCb, F IS LUlctC quickly and easilythat you will be surprised. I will give you justthe result and cure you are looking for withoutsurgical operation.AruP DlPa3 Itching, BurningAtULC LSlCclC strong drug storeTsaaediefi seldom cure. My treatment stops everyyap torn and cures in a few days. It is scientificthat's the only sure way to be cured so it willsot some back.Tea oaa take my Treatment without at amd pay me after I cure you. I knowthat I can give you new life, new hope, and canrestore you back to health and happiness. IJcw that every man will pay after I nave eliminated every trace of disease from his system.Mieroeoepical and analytical urinalysis FREE.Ifeere writeen a book that ought to be in theiHMiflc of every suffering man in this country. I-Wl seadycra copy, free, if you will write me atcms tae alieaeo for which you desire treatemeni,feus, 9 to 4: Sundays, 9 to 1 p. m. Evenings,7MI.OB Mooday, Wednesday ana b&turaay nigntsC. L. DOLLE, M. D.Orer CetaaU Theater Stt Walnut St., betweeni ' fifth and Sixth Streets.m- the : Cehutfcla Theater, and any om cam1t Beef Cattle in the South.In one year cne Southern State aloneexpends $40,000,000 in other Starts forI meat 'products. Tne same thru? is; done annually by every other St,Jta inthis section, and for no oih?r :-o iI than that Southern framers litve not; given their attention to the growing ofj live stock. This fact is din to rormeiconditions of Southern agriculture,' when life was centered on the farm,I when there was a small urban p ipuj lation rfquirng beef, anl h- nee theivj was little incentive to the fanner tojt'row more than enough stock to feedMiis own Deode. Tne ..tremendous rie!ui the population of the cities of thej South, however, has made a market; today t for enormous amounts of beef,land the Southern farm who has begunto realize this,as well as the ncrthern-er who has grasped the situation, willreap large profits from the productioni of beef for local markets. With theiidesl climate and pasturage ot the! South, the Southern stockman canundersell his competitor in any otherregion.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfEach age of our lives has its joys.Old people should bo happy, and tneywill "be )f Chamberlain's Tablets aretaken to strengthen the digestion andkeep the bowels regular. These tablets are mild and gentle in their actioniaud especially suitable for peopleof middle age and older. For saleby all dealers.Pointers for Poultry Raisers.See to it that all young chickens havedry sleepine quarters, 3 for nothing isworse than dampness around theirbrooder houses.Do not think you are losing timewhen you are on the hunt for lice andmites, for it is an absolute necessityat this time.Rub the top of the chickens headwith a little lard and kerosene, andyou can be sure the lice and mites willnot get ahead of you.Do not feed any unnecessary malebirds ; get rid of them and keep thehens in preference.The best way to treat your males ifthey are continually fussing is to gettnem in a separate .yard and let themfight it out.It is possible to sell incubator eggsevery month of the year since the incubators and brooders have come intogeneral use.If the weather conditions do notchange hatching can continue all duringthe months of June and July.A little Epsom salts put into thedrinking water will go a long waytowardthinning the blood for the hotsummer weather.It is now well known that not morethan one case of rheumatism, requiresany internal treatment whatever. Allthati a needed is a free application ofChamberlain's Liniment and massageinj the parts at each application. Tryit and see how quickly it will relievethe pain and soreness. Sold by alldealers.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES.A southern Indiana farmer findsbreeding and raising deer more profitable than keeping other stock. Hestarted with a shipment from Arkansas. Now he sells vension, Ihorns andhides, and specimens for private parks, jHis woodland and hill pasture make iteasy to keep the herd ; in winter theyget a little grain along with hay andfodder. They are protected fromstorms in cheap straw shelters.Nicholas county will hold a fair atCarlisle, Ky., next fall. Work hascommenced on thp grounds but theda,te has not yet been fixd.James Caldwell and Alex Miller,of Millersburg. it is said cleared aneat sum on bluegrass seed in the pastfew days. They purchased the seedfrom 800 acres, from a Bourbon farmer and stripped therefrom about 30,000 bushels, clearing about $4,03U eachfor a few days labor.When your child has whouuiug coughbe careful to keep the cough loose andexpectoration easy by giviag Chamberlain's Cough Remedy as may be required. This remedy will also liquify ithe tough raucous and make it easierto expectorate. It has been used successfully in many epidemics and issafe and sure.g. For sale by all dealers.To Prepare China for Drawing.If you wipe over a piece of chinawith a cloth moistened in turpentine,when it is dry you "will have a surfaceupon which you can draw your design with a lead pencil as easily ason paper, says Suburban Life. Theolder the turpentine the better.Always Useful.A sera p book of witty stories clippedfrom any available magazine will bea good gift for an invalid, or, in fact,for a strong, vigorous man. Clippingspertaining to some special subjectcould be collected for the riders ofsome particular hobby. These may begathered from various sources.Industrious Navajos.The Navajos, numbering 30,000, livein northern Arizona and northwesternNew Mexico. They occupy an areaabout as large as the state of Pennsylvania, most of which is a desert.Here for centuries they have madetheir own living by raising sheep andgoats. A part of the wool is wovenby their industrious, resourceful women into the beautiful and durableNavajo blankets, which promise tobecome a fair competitor .of the imported rug;. . ? , -Heir to $100,000,000 ReceivesLetters From Many Persons.Women. Propose Marriage and MenAsk Him to Become Partners InBusiness Others MakeOdd Requests.New York. Vincent Astor's latesttrQuble is a deluge of letters frompersons anxious to advise him as tothe best manner of spending his $100,000,000 inheritance. Many of the letters are from women, telling of theirgreat love and conveying offers of marriage. Old women and young women, brazen and demure, thin and fat ones,pretty and ugly, have taken their pensin hand, not without hope of gain.Some have pretended to bespeak Mr.Astor's interest in behalf of causesother than purely personal ones, butmost of them have been frankly smitten in the desire to call the youngman's attention to certain persons thathe otherwise might overlook.Some of the writers have waited infront of the Astor estate offices inTwenty-sixth street for a glimpse ofthe boy. Most have 'mistaken thehandsome "Nick" Biddle for the object of their curiosity, much, to Biddie's embarrassment. He is an executor of the Astor estate, is about thirty-fourand looks younger.And it isn't only through, the medium of letters that women havepressed their suits. The telephone hasbeen kept pretty busj', both at the offices and at the Fifth avenue house,with girlish voices whose owners wereanxious to have opportunities to meetthe heir of millions. The reasons assigned were as many as the letterscontained.Some of the writers want the youngman to "do something worthy of hisname." There have been suggestionsthat he finance the suffragette cause.Others want him to use his fortune tobuy up breweries and distilleries andput them out of business for the sakeof promoting the cause of "prohibition.Comparatively few of the letters written by women are from inventors. This:lass of communications almost alwaysbore a man's signature.Things suggested for a worthy useof the money ranged from patent-bung-startersto methods of bridgingBehring strait. Included in the appeals are those of professional beggars. Churches, schools and librariesdivide honors as to the numbers oftheir letters with propositions frombusiness houses that offer him interests for ever so small a sum.Most of these letters, of course, needno answer. Those from women onsubjects of the heart are entirely ignored. Many of the latter come accompanied by photographs. Two ofthe fair correspondents sent as theirown postcard, pictures of Lillian Russell, from which they had forgotten toscratch the name.TO FORM FLAG ASSOCIATIONPatriots Will Erect Monument and !All Will Askfirf tnarchistic Principles.- Spokane, Wash The Grand Armyof the Republic, the Spanish War Veterans, American Flag association,Daughters of the American Revolution and other local members of patriotic organizations will organize aflag association in Spokane in whichevery national society will be a member. They also will fight anarchisticorganizations and teach all people andsocieties to respect the flag. A proposition to erect a big monument on thehigh bluff in Summer avenue betweenWashington and Bernard streets, to hecalled "Flag Day" monument, is being considered.Downtown buildings will he decorated and every national society in thecity will he asked to take part of aparade and program.COLUMBUS BORN IN SPAIN?Village Near Madrid Is Said to Be theAmerica Discoverer'sBirthplace.London. The Madrid correspondentof the Daily Telegraph telegraphs:"According to a provincial newspaper,the Correo Gallego, which quotes theeminent Galician historian, Senor Garcia de la Riega, who has devoted manyyears to studying data relating to thebirthplace of the discoverer of America,' it now appears that Columbus certainly was not born in Genoa, as hasalways been affirmed."Riega says he possesses documentsproving that Columbus was born atPorto Santo, a small village near here."Riega is a person of considerableauthority and formerly was in thecolonial office."WEAPONS ARE FROM 1000 B. C.Austrian Explorers of Imperial Mu.seum Make Rich Haul In KarstMountains.Vienna. An exploration by members of the Imperial museum into thecavern of St. Kanzion in the Karstmountains has yielded more than 1,000bronze implements such as swords,axes, lance heads and vessels supposed to date from 1000 B. C. Theywere all found at the bottom, of a pit150 feet deep within the cavern. Itis suggested they were thrown in.there as a sacrifice to a subterraneandeity. vLargest Loom Is in Germany.Germany has the world's largestloom, in which felt disks for papermills up to 233 feet in circumferencecan be woven.Excellent. .Friend "How are you getting onwith your play?" Dramatist "Almostfinished; I have only two more people to kill off." Fliegen-Je Blaetter.For Rent.Front room over gas office. Suitablefor office. For further particulars apply at News office.1or bale.Two pure blood Duroc boars readyfor service. E. T. Phone 726.S. G. CLAY,4-3t Paris, Ky.NoticeNotice is hereby given" all personshaving claims against the estate ofWilliam Marshall, deceased, to pleasefile same according to law at my office at room No. 4 Elks' building andall persons indebted to the estate ofthe above mentioned decedent willplease call and settle said debts.THOMAS HURLEY, Adm'r.P. A. THOMPSON, Atty.31-3wk.EXCURSIONParis, Ky.? toCincinnati, O.,And Return.SUNDAY, JUNE 30, 1912Fare $1.50 And Return.Excursion Train leaves 7thStreet Station Returning to Parisat 7 p. m.Tickets good only day of sale.For further information, call on orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.A gold bracelet, between Tucker'sstore on Main street and Eight streetto High. Finder return to undersigned and get reward.MISS MARTHA MYNES,1022 High St.Professional CardsJJ. AVIUL.IAMS,ATTORNE Y-AT-L AW .itoom 1 Elks Buildinc.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones j gisb.E. T. 334.ResidenceHome 334.DR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician.Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyCHAUTAUQUAis best reached by theSeason Tickets on Sale DailyJune I to Sept. 30.Summer Excursion Ticketson sale to New York City and all Eastern resorts.Stop-overat Chautauqua Lal:e and Niagara Falls permitted on first-class ons-vvay and round-trip tickets.Inquire of local ticket agent or writeJ. H. Webster, Gen'l Agent PassengerDept. 416 Walnut St. Cincinnati, O., forfurther information.Of BOURBON POULTRY CUREdoTvrf a diick'3 tiiroat curesgapes. A few drops in thedrinking water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Diseases of Fowls" sent FREE.Bourbon Remedy Co. Lexington, IjW.TVBr joks, DrugoistKSPECIAL EXCURSIONTO THE:aios i Western North CarolinammWedrBesday9Round-Trip FaresAshvilKe, N. C. - -MendersonviSie, N.WaynesviSSe, IM. CToxaway, N. C. -Special Through Train, consisting of electric-lighted PullmanObservation and Drawing-room Sleeping Cars, Dining Car and DayCoaches, will leave Georgetown at 8:30 p. m , July 1).Tickets also good on all regular trains. Return limit Ju y 25,1912. Liberal stop-over privileges.DIVERSE ROUTE(C N. O, & T. P. RY.)In Connection WithSouthern RailwayBLUE GRASSSpecial Excursion onInterurban BLine from Paris50 CENTS A ROUND TRIPEVERY NIGHT except SATUDAYandJSUNDAY beginning MONDAYJUNE 1 7th, 1912.Good going only on cars leaving Paris 6 and 7 p. m. Retiming leave Blue Grgss Park at 10:25 p. m., connectingat Lexington with 11 o'clock car for Poris. Excursiontickets must be purchased in advance from agents, as reduced fares will not be accepted on carsAMUSEMENTS.Free Moving Pictures every night, Dancing with goodmusic. Inter-Midway with new features. Boating andFishing. New and Modern Restaurant. A good base- balldiamond. Best picnic grounds in Central Kentucky.Sbecial Inducements offered to picnic and outing parties.For further information addressKENTUCKYTRACTIONLexington,Young WomenRead what Cardui did for Miss Myria Engler, ofFaribault, Minn. She says: "Let me tell you how muchgood Cardui has done me. As a yourig girl, I always hadto suffer so much with all kind of pain. Sometimes, I wasso weak that I could hardly stand on my feet. I got abottle of Cardui, at the drug store, and as soon as I hadtaken a few doses, I began to feel better.Today, I feel as well as anyone can."rcDU 1 WomarfsTonicAre you a woman? Then you are subject to a largenumber of troubles and irregularities, peculiar to women,which, in time, often lead to more serious trouble.A tonic is needed to help you over the hard places, torelieve weakness, headache, and other unnecessary pains,the signs of weak nerves and over-work.For a tonic, take Cardui, the woman's tonic.You will never regret it, for it will certainly help you.Ask your druggist about it. He knows. He sells it.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept., Chattanoojra Medicine Co.. Chatlanoogo. Tenn..for Special Instructions, and 64-page book, " Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 59CORTRIGHTr Used in ever increasing. JmSr quantities, because the roofs3 put on 26 years ago are as mmfor Sale by Miller &July 10, 1912.Ffoni Georgetown, Ky.:- $7.50C. )- j"a- $9.00Land ofThe Sky"r'SapphireCountryGo direct and return via ChattanoogaLookQub Mountain, or viee-versa.SI 50 additional.For full information call on anyTicket Agent or write:II. C. KINTG, Passenger and TicketAgt., 101 E. Main St., Lexington, Ky.W. A. BECKLER, Genl. Pass. Agt.Jngalls fcldg., Cincinnati, O.3 TERM NAL GO.Kentucky.METALSHINGIES,Best, Millersburg, Ky.PARK jHTHE BOURBON NfcWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 25," 191 2Is5$1 .ooVVil! start a Bank Account herestart you on the road to Success.andCap2a2$100,00.vtmhm4 Haul a? PatiSiurpEt5S$67,500.00Protection a$2679500.00mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmj Department Store Cor. 7th and MainDepartment StorespecieOn Extra Wide Swiss5Qc perLadies' one-piece Serge Dresses, $4.98.(All Colors)H rpWr JLHIPricesFlouncingyard.at 25c andChildren's Wash Dresses,50c, 75c, $1Ladies' and Misses' Fine Tailored Suits, $9.95.White Nuback Shoes. $3.Special Values on Millinery, Skirls and Waists.Paris, Kentuckymmmmmmmmmmmmii mm mmThe LatestThing in StovesFor a" midnight supper, as for any other meal at anyother time, the very latest thing in stoves thebestthat stove-artists can do is aHew IterSetioTtIt Burns OilNo AshesIt Concentrates HeatNo WasteIt is HandyNo DirtIt is ReadyNo DelayOil CceR-stoveIt concentrates the heat when you want itand where you want it. It is as auick as gas,steadier and handier than coal, cheaper thanelectricity. .The New Perfection Stove has Ionz, enameled.turquoise-blue chimneys. U is nznasoraciy ucmicu yin nickel, vith cabinet top, drop shelves, towel 1racks, etc Made with 1 , 2 or 3 burners. tAll dealers carry the NTew Perfection Stove. JFree Cook-Book with every stove. Cook-Bpolc also fciven to anyone sending 5 cents to cover mailing cost.STANDARD OIL COMPANY(Incorporated in Kentucky)Covington, Ky.; Louisville, Ky.; Atlanta, Ga.; Birmingham, Ala.; and Jacksonville. Fla.Street Cleaning In Our City.NOTE The following compoitionwas written by Joseph Lynch, aged 15years, a member of the'Freshman classof the Paris High School.,"Down in Old Kentucky," in theheart of the blue-grass region, lies ahistoric town, surrounded by rich fieldsand rolling meadows. Through a thriving, agricultural center, like manyKentucky towns, its streets are poorlyconstructed, according to modern civicideas. When the town was laid off, in1789, the settlers lined short and narrowstreets in memory of their old home totown in England, modeling here in thewilderness an English hamlet of loghuts and narrow mud lanes. As thewest became more open to settlement,the population of the little community increased and the original loghuts were replaced by more substantial structures of stone and brick, butthe streets were left in the original dimensions. Main street, the princip.le thoroughfare, was a portion of the state road adecade ago, when it was purchased bythe city and paved with bituminousmacadam, a tarry substance combinedwith broken stone. The streets andcross-streets in the resident part aremacadamized. Unsystematically arranged maples, though relieving themonotony of the pavements, give aragged, rather than a ..beautiful effectto the whole length of the street. cThe wide spread of civic reform hasrecently reached the "town-people,"and'they are beginning to realize thefact that unclean streets are a menaceto their property. It is a debatablequestion whether the best and mostefficient methods for a desirable sanitary condition have yet been selected.The bituminous macadam street isswept in dry weather and heavy deposits ofmud, formed by rains andthaws, are removed with a scraper.Thisjs necessary, as the compressedstone composing the street rapidlywears into dust. The macadam streetsare oiled in summer, destroying the disagreeable clouds of dust and actiDg asa germicidal deodorant of the air.f'lhe bituminious street, althoughmore substantial than the others, isgreatly damagedb bv the heavy trafficto which it is exposed. It is swept atfour, being sprinkled at seven thenight before. The sweeping machinehas a large revolving broom ot cyJindric form, which brushes the dixt outwards to the gutter. The dirt is thengathered into small heaps b.v a manwith a hand-brush, shoveled into anopen cart and carried to the publicdump. On gala occasions, or whensummer heat renders it disagreeableto traffic and pedestrians, Main streetis flushed in the early morning. Thej sewers are so constructed that the dirti does not clog but is carried along by! the water. This sweeping system isfaulty, as the sprinkling is done soi lightly that a large cloud of dust andfine manure enters the open housesand penetrates the noses of pleasureseekers on the sidewalks.I The system of flushing is, undoubti edly, the best, were it not lor lo singtne stone ir. bituminous structure.An ideai street would be one pavedwith brick, the points filled with concrete, so that it could be flushed everynight. If a vacuum, cleaner wereused tojsuck up thegdust and dirt of the; street in the same manner or tne vac! uum carpet cleaner.Uhen any kind ofI street, whether bituminous, macamamI ized or brick, would be sanitary,i If more time and money were spent. in enforcing the laws against expectorating on the sidewalks and sweepingthe refuse of oublic houses upon thestreet, the nation would not have to I, spend so much money in trying to pre- jvent and cure the White Plague.I Another con?ideration of the town is; the six or seven "towns" on the edge1 of the town proper. Here the negrocitizens live in cheap houses, builtI nr rviI1-1 IrkMo IT, i in t 1 n Htofweather, are apt to become beds ofsmall streams. Chickens, geese, dogsand occasional pigs are the only "scavengers" of these mud streets. Therest of the dirt is left to "mingle withtl: Elements." Melon rinds in summer and tin cans in winter adorn the ;mud and dust of the vell worn lanes.These unsanitary conditions are'neverconside 'ed unless some disease becomes jepidemic. Then families stand in dreadot their cooks and washerwomen bring-' ing germs into their homes. Clothesot white people are washed by negrowomen at their homes and. dried uponlines hung in narrow back yards where jthey blow dry, absorbing the dust of jrotting 2nimals and vegetable matterin the street. These places should becleaned out and owners of the tumbleddown houses should be required to rebuild them. The streets should beproperly paved and the negro residentsshould be reauired to keep them clean.The negroes are not the only oneswho neglect to properly disDOse oftheir kitchen waste. The majority ofthe families keep their wasta in anopen receptacle until the negro mandriveB around with his bucket and barrel and emptying -it, returns to hishome, spilling it on the street at everyjolt, until he pours it into his own orhis neighbor's pig trough.There should be a law Jrequiring theDeople to use a covered garbage can,to be emptied daily by a public scavenger. Because of.the undtsirable location ot the city dump, it would bebetter if the garbage and street refusewere consumed in a town crematory.The old adage that a town is keptclean by "each man sweeping in frontof his own doorstep" has died withother fogyisms of the past. Modernthought demands public cleanliness foreach man's safety. In no place hasthis thought been more fully realizedtnan in our. home town, which is becoming, through the interest of its citizens , a "City Beautiful."sYour Dollar Buys More"30"orStudebaker-your money, dollar forWhen you buy a Studebaker-E-M-Fanders "20 7 voti set more fordollar, ti&n in any other car built.There may be other good cars but what is their price?That's the rub. If they really are good cars, they necessarily cost more because comparatively few are built. Somepoor cars, you know, are high priced too, so that the dealerca fool you by cutting the price. What a car is reallyworth, nol what it costs, should be your standard.The Studebaker Corporation has the largest and bestautomobile factories in the world. We could build and sell'any competing car today for less money than its present'price. In your Studebaker-E-M-F "30" or Flanders "20"you get full value, because the biggest factories and the'best brains in the industry build these cars., Studebaker-E-M-F "30 Touring Car, standard equipped,, . f.o.b. Detroit $1100. Equipped as above with Top, '. Windshield, Preat-O-Lite Tank and Speedometer, f.o.b.Detroit $1190.r'f Our New Art Catalogue Will Interest You Send for itThe Studebaker CorporationDetroit, MichiganGarage & SupplyCor. 4th and High Sreets,BourbonCo.5entnekyKENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."Hourly High Speed ThroughHigh Speed. Service.ParisLexingtonDivision.FrankfortGars leave Paris for Lexineten, Versailles, and Frankfort e"ery hour onthe hour from (5 a. m. until 8 p. m..and at 10 p. m., the last car going onlyas far as VersaillesGars leave Lexington for Versailles.Frankfort and Paris, every hour from6 a. m. until 7 p. m, and at 9 andll n.m., the last car going only as far asVersailles.Cars leave Versailles Jfor Lexingtonand Paris every 15 minutes after thehour from 6:15 a. m. until 8:1c p. m.and at 11 :15 p. m.. last car going onlyas far as Lexneton.Cars leave Versailles for Frankfortevery 45 minutes after the hour fromuntil 7 :45 p. m., and at 9 :456 :45 a. ro.d. m.Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington and Paris every thirty minutes after the hour from 6 :30 a. m.until 7:30 p. m., and 10:30 p . in., - thelast car going only as far as Lexington. GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTONNICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexington and Nicholasville Jevery forty-fiveminutes after the honr from 5:45 a. m.until 6:45 p. m., and at 8:05 and 10:05p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville every thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m: until 7 :30 p. m.,and at 9 anct 11 p. m. 'Cars leave Nicholasville tor Lexington every fifteen minutes after the hourfrom 6 ;15 a. m. until 8:15 p.m. and at10 :15 p.Tm.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetown every hour on the hour from 6a. m. until 7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p.m.asfaOSfttiltBourbon Laundry fD.WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.Office Opp. Postoffice. SlMmJulA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial orcru.- You'll notregret it.Bourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky,MlfLHJbjUnl INo 6 a.17-tfm. cars on SundayGo to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shaveeo to Buck's barber shop. Three first;clas; barbers.713 tfOne Way.A housekeeepr complains that shecan't save her gas' bills. Why not trypasting them in a-scrapbook?Could Shout For Joy."1 want to thank you from the bottom of my heart." wrote G. B. Rader,of Lewisburg, W. Va.. " for the wonderful double benefit I got from Electric Bitters, in curing me of both asevere case of stomach trouble and ofrheumatism, from which I had beenan almost helpless- sufferer for tenyears. It suited my case as thoughjust marie for me." "For dysuepsia, indigestion, jaundice, and to rid the svstem ot kidney poisons that " causerheumatism Electric Bittera have noequal. Trv them. Every bottle iaguaranteed to satisfy. Only SO centsat Oberdorfer's.Deafness Cannot be Curedby local applications, as they cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one way to cure deafness,and that is by constitutional remedies.Deafness is caused by an inflamedcondition of the mucous lining of "theEustachian Tube. When this tube isinflamed you have a rumblinc sound orimperfectlhearing, and when it is entirely closed, Deafness is the result,and unless the inflammation can betaken out and this tube restored to itsnormal condition, hearing will be destroyed forever ; nine cases out of tenare caused by Catarrh, which is nothing but an inflamed condition of themucous surfaces.'We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any case of deafness (caused bycatarrh) that cannot be cured.by Hall'sCatarrh Cure. Send for circulars free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, 0.Sold byJDruggists. 75c.Take Hall?' Family Pills for constipation. . '- - ' -. " j. x. 'Quick DetachableClincher11 RESILIENT fIFifEasily Fits Any Quick Detachable RimNo Tools RequiredIN STOCK BY ,YERE3 & PRICHARDCorner Fourth and PleastantTFTVI$VTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY,. JUNE 25, 1912.Notice to the Public.Ttxs well to anticipate the possibil"Str f typhoid fever. Then, boil allsrec used for domestic purposes,jk put yourself on the safe side.ccnce of prevention, etc. Presume'Htr ?ater supply to be bad untilCSpaie know it to be good. This canasfr be-brought out by analysis.ZOZZ "a: H. KELLER,Ttf City Health Officer.The Soft Answer.She (with irritation) Qh, your conduct is enough to make an angel weep.He I don't see you shedding anytears'.MILLERSBURG ITEMS.And Poor Cheese, at That.The milk of human kindness ofsome people, when churned, wouldmake limburger cheese."Ce Borne of Comet Tootwear'ACOHEN!BARGAIN1 IiAy Iif A A 1This Week and IEvery DayThe volume of business thishas broken al! previousThe phenomenal sales the pastweeks have left us an accumulation of a great many short andbroken lines and this w6ek!wil! beClean-up Weekar-There will be plenty ofgains thrown on bargain table thatwill delight the mostshoppers.41White Shoes and Slippers,The Ideei SummerFootwearUm XWe have the largest assortment in Ladies', Misses'and Children's White Shoes in Pumps in Canvas and"White Nu-Buck. AU the newest styles.We Save You Money on Your Shoe Purchases.DAN COHEN,if 336 Main St., Paris, Ky.Dr. C. C. Fisher was at Paintsvillefrom Saturday until Monday.Miss Frances Burroughs left Thursday for a visit to relatives in Missouri.Mrs. Ralph Boner, of Falmouth, isthe guest of Mrs J. M. Mason.Mr. Chas. Berry and Miss EdnaMason were visitors in Lexington,Sunday.Several from here attended theSunday school convention at Paris,Friday.Miss Ruth McClintock left Mondayfor New York, ,and will sail Wednesday for Europe.Col. C, M. Best returned Sundayafter a ten days' sojourn at FrenchLick Springs, Ind.,Dr. C. C. Fisher and family attended the Epworth League Conference atCynthana during the week.Mrs. Anna Jefferson -left Saturdayfor a visit to her daughter, Mrs.Reynolds Becraft, at Paris.Mr. E. ,C. Hawkins and fmily leavetoday for an extended tour of Oklahoma. Kansas andColorado.Mr. Malcom Linville, of Peru, lnd.,was the guest of his father, Mr. J. H.Linville, Sunday and Monday.Miss Ruth Stirman, who is attendingthe Normal School at Richmond, wasat home from Friday till Monday.J. G. Smedley and daughter, Mrs. C.B. Smith, returned Friday after threeweeks' visit to relatives in Texas.Mr. Aaron McConnelJ entertainedthe members of his Sunday schoolclass with a fishing outing yesterday.Misses Sadie and Edna Clarke andniece. Miss Alberta Moffit, left Monday for a visit to relatives in Oklahoma. Master'Hamlet Collier and little sister, Martha, of Paris, arrived Thursday as quests of their grandmother.Mrs. Mattie Purnell.I am prepared to do all kinds ofpressing and cleaning. Prompt scrvce and low prices.25-4t " REIDLEY GREEN.Mr. and Mrs. S. M. Allen have returned after a few days' sojourn atOlympian Springs, where Mr. Allenwent as a delegate to the Banker.'State Convention.Eld. Thof. Smith and family havemoved to the home of Miss Anna Conway for the summer. Miss Conwavwill visit during the gtime, and is now Iwith volnfivoa in Ti iic IMr. and Mrs. Comer, of Paris, wereguests of Mr. and Mrs. M. P. Collier,Thursday night . Miss Sue Mitcnell,of Harrodsburg, was the guest lastweek of Mrs. 0. II. Collier.Mr. R. S. Chanslor was operated onat the Good Samaritan Hospital. Cincinnati, Sunday morning, and reuortsfrom his bedside indicate that the'ouaration was a success. Mrs. E. M.Thompson and Mr. C. C. Chanslor,sister and brother, are with him.Mr. Walter Ammerman.'who recently graduated at State University, Lexington, has accepted a position withthe Marsh, Cleary & White Construction Co., of of South Brodie, Mass,,and left for bis new field of laborThursday. Mr. Ammerman is one ofour most prominent young men, andafter taking his degrees at the Universty there were two positions open tohim, the other in North Carolina.Complaint Filed Against Railway.A supplemental comnlaint was tiledwith the .Railroad Commission Saturday by the Kentucky Distilleries andWarehouse Company against the L.& N. railroad, asking that 11,738 i iovercharges on shipmencs of grainand other commodities be refundedto it. The original complaint askedthat $17,000 be refunded, and the11,738 asked for Saturday in additionto the 17,000.Turner In The Race.Charles C. Turner, of Mt. Sterling,filed petitions yeslerd-Mv a' Fjankfortto make the race for the Democraticnomination lor Appellate Judere inthe Seventh District. Mr. Turner served as olficial reDorter of the Montgomery court for six years, and is oneC i.1 i 1 . -ui uie auiesu lawyers in wie state.Paris Boy Seeks to Reach Home.A dispatch from Savanah, Ga., Saturday was as follows : "His last tencents gone, homeless and without aplace to sleep. Henry Hodges, aneighteen-year-old lad, has apnlied tothe police and the Associated Charitiesfor lodging until he can securesufficient money to take him to hishome at Paris, Ky."A victim of tuberculosis of thebone of the left leg near the knee, theyouth still locks the world in the facewith a ready smile, without pessimismor rebellion."Two and a half years ago HodgesIftt his home in Kentucky to seek aliving for himself and means of supporting his widowed mother. Eighteenmonths auo tie went to Tampa to workyt hi trad; t house painting. Sixins nths bii tr-e di ease, from which kewat Hireadv suffering in a mild form,became afute. He was taken to a hosni nl for cmui i is diseases, where inord -r to av i-- other limbs, it wasdecided to take off his left arm. Inthis condition the hospital turned himout on the world."With a pitiful small sum of moneyin his posession the boy started towork his way home. His money lasted until he reached Savannah, and herehe spent his last dime for food. Withnothing left in his pockets and starvation staring him in the face, he wasforced to apply to the. charities of thecity for aid."Crippled in arm and leg, there islittle he can do to earn a living. Hehas been advised to write home to hismother for funds, but she is m stringent circumstances herself and the boyhates to apply to her. He hopes rather to be able in some manner to workhis way through. The boy refuses tobeg on the streets."Kind-hearted people have rallied tothe assistance of the lad A considerable purse has already been made upfor him. The police, whose guest rehas been at the barracks Eince reaching Savannah, hope to obtain reducedrates for him over the railroads."CINCINNATI'S Greatest Storeinvites you to call and makeyourself at home when in Cincinnati-I -Li;v:::::::::::WV3 ' . sT.he Mabley & G arena Go. Fountain Square, Cincinnati -We place at your disposal our waitingand rest rooms and every other convenience contained in the buildings'.Meet your friends heres check' your baggage, use our information bureau all thisservice with our compliments.Immense Line New Wall Paper.Call at my store and pick from thelarge new spring stock of wall paperjust what you want and need and haveit put on now and avoid the springrush. Expert decorators ready to doyour bidding.J. T. HINTON.New Members.Twelve candidates for membershipin Pans Tent, Knights of the Maccabees, went to Lexington last Wednesday night, where the second and thirddegrees were conferred upon them bythe degree team of the LexingtGnlodge No. 20. A large number of themembers of the local tent attendedthe initiation.Valuable Advice.One farmer reports loss of S400 byhog choiera. Use Laughlin's HogRemedy and you won't lose a hog .fe'or sale only bvCHAS. E. BUTLER & CO.,18-4t Opp. Court House, Pans, Ky.Human Skull Unearthed.While engaged in excavatjng for thefoundation of the Doyle buildinz, nearthe corner of Main and Eighth streets,Friday afternoon, w.orkmen uneartheda human skull. The cranium wa3iound at a depth of fifteen feet andw?.s badly crushed by the nick of workmen. Close to the skull were foundseveral portions of the vertebra of ahuman. The skull was very thin andshowed very high cheek bones, indicating thai it was a part of the skeleton of an Indian woman. The teethof both the lower and upper jaws wereremarkably well preserved, and fromthe condition of the skull it was evident that it had been buried tor agreat many yeavs. Kain which fellshoitly after the grewsome find wasmade compelled the workmen to stopdigging, and as soon as work can he resumed an effort will be made to unearth other portions of the skeletonwhich are believed to hb in the vicinity of where the skull waafound. .oooWS IMF MITYOU FACEW7E live, we grow old, and the LAST YEARSW should be free from CARE, instead of burdened with weight of having to provide. This shouldhave been done in youth by the practice of frugalityand a live BANK ACCOUNT.United States Depository for Postal Savings.We pay 3 per cent interest on savings accountsDEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.Capital lOO,000 Surplus $30,000