THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JANUARY 30, 1912ISpecial OfferOnTailored Suits.One lot of Tailored Suits,worth $15 arad $2 to beclosed out q8"iI SIMON DEPARTMENT &TRE I! Paris, Kentucky 5rrWhat Say You?You can borrow money through the banks at6 per cent, and buy groceries and save more thanenough to pay interest. Try it.16 lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.008 bars Lenox Soap 25c3 boxes Matches -10c2 cans good Corn 15cFull qt. can Karo Syrup 10cDry Salt Bacon, per lb 10cPure Hog Lard, per lb : 12cNavy Beans, per lb ... z 4 5 l-2cLima Beans, per lb 8cBhi2 Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 70Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.40Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.75The above is only a few of the many bargains wehave for you. We have a large and fresh stock of everything in the grocery line and invite you to our store andbecome one of our customers and see how much moneywe can save you. We also want to buy ail of your eggsand butter and will pay the top market price for them inspot cash.You get what you buy at our store and we are notafraid to make theprice right. Why? Because it's cashto all, and credit to none, and you don't have to pay forwhat the other fellow don't pay for. Call and see us, or'phone 234 either phone.famfafaT. C. LENIHAN,Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234Tllllll i'llll L' A I I III; S?4S2.m KEUUL11UN JAIX UT fPRICE CO. fm Men's Suits and Overcoats. gm $30.00 now $22.5025.00 now 18.75 gH 22.50 ..-...... now 17.00f 20.00 now 15.00 jjm 18.00 : now 13.50PI 15.00 L.... now 11.75 Hsg 12.50..... 1 now 9.35 f$s& 10.00 now 7-50 mm$0 If in need, now is your time to buy. Comeand get a good selection.I'PRI6E&60.6l0tlll6rDemocrats Kick on Primary Call.The Democrats of Bourbon county,in a must convention Saturday afternoon, adopted resolutions, condemningthe action of the five membera of theSeventh Congressional District Committee, in calling a primary for March18, appealed to the committefi to rescind its action, and in event of theirrefusal put the. matter up to the governing bedy of the party to take actionsetting aside the order and endorsedState Senator Claud M. Thomas, ofBourbon county, for the office to whichHon. J. Campbell Cantrill, of Scottcounty, aspires to succeed himself.The meeting was very harmoniousand all matters coming up before thegathering of Democrats were passedwith one accord, not a dissenting voicebeing registered against the organization or the resolutions which tend tovoice the sentiments ot the majorityof the party in this county."When Chairman C. C. Clprke, of theBourbon County Democratic Committee called the meeting to order at 2:15o'clock, the county court room wascomfortably filled, representative Democrats from both the city and countybeing in attendance and the atmosphere was clearly indicative of theDurpose for which the voters had assembled. Chairman Clarke stated briefly theobject of the meeting, saying he hadbeen prevailed upon by leading Democrats in every precinct in the county tocall the meeting to test the sentimentin regard to the action taken by theCommitte on January 15. He said onthe date set for the meeting he had received notice of he Committee meeting to be held at Frankfort, which wasissued on Saturda y but thinking thematter of little consequence and thecommittee was only to meet to discussmatters of trivial importance, andowing to the inclemency of the weather, decided to remain at home.A permanent organization was thenperfected by the selection of Mr. JohnT. Collins as chairman and Mr. Jas. H.Thompson as secretary. Mr. Collinswas placed in nominiation and his election to tne chair was made by a unanimous vote as was the election of Mr.Thompson as Secretary of the meeting..Chairman Collins called for a committee on resolutions and upon motionof Mr. Chas. Clarke, Mr. Jas. H.Thompson and Mr. C. A. McMillanwere selected. The committee retiredand in a short time made a draft ofthe resolutions which were submittedto the voters in the meeting and uponmotion were unanimously adopted,The resolutions are as followsWhereas, on January 15, 1912, fivemembers of the Democratic Committeeof the Seventh Congressional Distiict,each of said members being a friendand ally of the present Congresstuanfrom this district, met at Frankfortand by their action called a primaryelection to be held on March 16, forthe nomination of a Democratic candidate for Conrgess to be voted fo,t atthe November election 1912, andWhereas, notice of the purpose tomake said call had not been given tothe public, nor to the individual membera of the committee, previous to itsassembling at Frankfort, andWhereas, said action was unjust andunfair to the Democratic party ingeneral, and to any member of thatparty who entertains an ambition tobecome a candidate for said nomination, andWhereas, the Democracy of Kentucky in State Convention vheld inJjUUISYlllC 111 LUG OUUlUlbl Ul Ipledged itself to the people of Ken- g5t?ttucky that should its candidates beelected in the election held in November 1911, laws should be enacted asspeedily as possible providing ior ae.ompulsory primary election, the expenses thereof to be borne by thestate, and under the provisions of whichall men. rich or noor. mierht have anI opportunity of presenting their claimsfor the suffrages of he people, andthat said primary election law shouldi be fortified by the enactment or aCorrupt Practice Act, whose provisionsshould be sufficiently severe to bringspeedy and just punishment to thosewho might, through money or othercorrupt means, undertake to thwartthe will of the majority. Now, therefore, be itResolved, that it be and is the senseof the Democracy cf Bourbon countythat this call by five members of theDistrict Committee lor said primarywas made for the purpose of holdingsaid primary before such laws could beI passed and put into etlect,Resolved, further, tuat the DistrictCommittee be, Land is hereby requested to meet and rescind said call, and topublicly announce that no primaryelection will be held for the nominationof a candidate for Congress until theGeneral Assembly shall have hadopportunity to enact this promisedlegislation, andResolved, further, that should theDistrict Committee fail to so meet,and act, then, in that event, thegoverning authorities of the party inKentucky are appealed toto take suchaction as will set aside ana annul thisunwise ana unjust action ot tneSeventhh Congressional District Committee. Be it furtherResolved, that we earnestly protestthe action of the five members of theDistrict Committee on account of thefact that Bourbongcounty is preventedat this, time irom presenting the nameof her favroite .son, the Hon. C. M.Thomas as our candidate for Congresswho wc recommend and endorse torthis high honor.C. C. CLARKE, ChairmanBourbon Co. Democratic Committee.J NO. T. COLLINS, Chairman.J. H. THOMPSON. Secretary.I! WOODFORD MEETING.I The Democrats of Woodford county. helc' a mass meeting in Versailles Saturday and warm resolution were adopted condemning the action of the. Seventh Congressional District Democratic Committee in fixing March 16 as(Continued on Page 8)"WE KNOW MOW"January Clearance SaleON ALL WINTER GOODS!Suits, Overcoats,igs.Underwear, Shirts and Men'sis Your Chance to Buyuitoroat at Res.Arid if You Are in Need of Under Clothes, this is the. ' Store to Make Your Purchase.$35.00 Suits and Overcoats $27.9530.00 Suits 23.9527.50 Suits 21.9525.00 Suits 18.9522.50 Suits 16.9520.00 Suits 14.9518.00 Suits 13.4515.00 Suits 11.9512.50 Suits 9.9510.00 Suits 7.45fJJanhatian Sh$2.50 Shirts .....2.00 Shirts......1.50 Shirts1.00 and $1.50 Shirtsirts$1.88. 1.481.15. .50For THE Bargains SeeMlitcheBl & Blakemore,Outfitters to MenParis, KentuckyHillEinnnmimiim umnimmmmmiummimnuiimim2FRANKz CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.7--: ourBig Clearance SaleWill Last One More Week. ;Sale Ends January 27th.Choice of Any Winter SuitORAny Fancy Cloak, $10.00 Each.Big Bargains in Fur Muffs and Sets.Siiks and Dress Goods.Remnants of all Kinds.Don't Miss This Sale.Frank3:Paris,& Co.KentuckySiiiiiiHiiiniiuiicuMittiuianimftVmi:iiiiiiiiifiiiBSiillimmJ7. AV Vy-VV mmm-mTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN.30,,1912LAXATIVE SENT FREE TO TRYIt may be taken for granted thatthere is no family that does not sometime need a laxative. If you don'tknow of a good laxative, or the laxative you are using is losing its effect,"we want to call your .attention to Dr.Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin, which thousands of families are using successfully. We have scores of letters from7 mothers, and scores from prominent" men saying they are using it personally and giving it to their families,men like Mr. C. K. Smith of theTraffic Clearing House, Pine Bluff,:i,!Ark., and Mr. George B. Turner, a" lawyer of Harlan, Ky. The thousands of mothers who use it them-selves and give it to their childrenwoulo take too mucn space 10 meu-tion.The reason they prefer Syrup Pepsin is that it is a mild, gentle laxative-tonic that docs not gripe- effective and yet so mild that babies cantake it. Its tonic ingredients invigorate the body and strengthen thestomach and bowel muscles so thatthey again do their work naturally.If you have been a victim of salts,pills and strong cathartics you willdiscard them when you once useSyrup Pepsin.You can buy a fifty cent or onedollar bottle of any druggist, but before doing so you may want to try itfree. If so, send your address to Dr.Caldwell and he will promptly forward a free sample bottle. Then, being convinced, do as others are doingand buy it in the regular way of yourfavorite druggist.For the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building,Monticello, 111.--5- n. i 'r jf? va ?rm - . -... .Douroon LaunaryD AVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.Office Opp. Postoffice.A P riicular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased virh ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get yonr laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.fta iwii m mil i iwk IB WW A P riicular Service For Mk mtm MAi Particular-People. Kfi IHSl I M vZ'ffl day we promise it, and its ws m mm$ mmm mini i in gBourboo Laundry $ fJ Parss? Kentucky. j"- jf. cf- xr. cP jf. 9 yf. jf. . .v . ". RPyv -ai s rt y 3yi -f . - '. S xThe Fallacy of Protection.Whenever an "Americsfn truBt wanfsthe tariff tax increased, it liases itsplea on the argument that "Americanmanufacturers cannot compete withthe cheap labor of Europe."In eleven months of last year theexports of iron and steel products, together with agricultural implementsand freight and passenger cars,amounted to nearly $270.000,000 snincrease of about S54.000.000 over thecorresponding period of 1910.These materials are exported fromthis country to all parts of the world,in the face of the competition of England, Belgium, Germany and France.The steel trust's foreign competitorshad the advantage of that "cheaplabor" which the trusts pretend tofear so .greatly whenever a proposal ismade to lower the tariff. Yet thetrusts' traae in foreign markets isconstantly on the increase. Hew muchlonger will the American consumersallow themselves to be .fooled by thetrust "logic."Taft and the People.wIC08O. H. CHENAULT, Pres. Z. T. SELLERS Vice-Pres.R. L. BAKER, Sect, and Treas.B. F. BUCKLEY and D. W. CSOTT, Managers.1The Central Kentucky TobaccoWarehouse Company(Incorporated)Warehouse and RedryerNo. 574-595 South Upper Street 415-435 South Slme&tone StreetBoth phones 9G5LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYOPEN DAY AND NIGHTWe Are Now Open and Ready For Business.The Leading Warehouse of Lexington Past Season,The Largest Loose Leaf House in the State.Sales capacity of five hundred thousand pounds daily. Roomon driveways for one hundred and fifty loaded wagons.Stalls for three hundred horses. Our sales the past seasonamounted to four million pounds. With our large and wellequipped warehoush; the experience and success of the pasttwo years enables us to guarantee our customers the bestprices and the best treatment. Come and see us and lookouer our house before selling your tobacco. We have calculators to figure the sales behind the auctioneers on the floor.As fast as the crop is sold the farmer gets his cash. Tryus once and you will come back again.STOCKHOLDERS AND DIKECTOKSII. P. Barnard, Louisville, Ky.J. C. Stone, Louisville, Ky.W. P. Barnard, Louisville, Ky.B. C. Crawford, Louisville, Ky.J. C. Bright, Louisville, Ky.O. H. Chenault, Lexington, KyR, L. Baker, Lexington, Ky.Dan W. Scott, Lexington. Ky.Z. T. Sellers, Versailles, Ky."J. O. Roberts, Auctioneer.Roy McCray, of Bourbon, is with" the Central House, andwill be pleased to have his friends bring'their tobacco to himand to'comeTto'the house to see him at all times, as he willbe there to look'after their interest.IThe Famo&LampThe best part of the day is the evening, when the whole family isgathered together around the lamp.The old days of the smoky fireplace and flickering candle are gone forever. In theirplace have come the convenient oil stove and the indispensable Rayo Lamp. 'There are to-day, in the United States alone, more than 3,000,000 of these Rayolamps, giving their clear, white light to more than 3,000.000 homes.Other lamps cost more, but you cannot get a better light than the low-priced Rayogives. It has become so popular we may almost call it " the official lamp of theAmerican family."The Rayo is made of solid brass, with handsome nickel .finish an ornament anywhere,ycur dealer for a Rayo tamp ; or write for descriptive circular to any agency of theStandard Oil Company(Incorporated)President Taft in his recent speechin New York used these words: "Thepeople are nut always able to decidewhat is best far them. A great manywho believe this to be true lack theccurage to say it."In explaining that the people do notalways know what they want thePresident made no mention of the factthat people do not always have achance undtr the present cumbersomeelection metheds to give expression totheir opinions. The people, for instance, probably would not be in favorcf allowing hundreds of office holdingRepublicans in the South to nominatethe candidate for President, but howcan they help themselves. More overwhen the people decide almost unanimously that they want a certain thing,such as the recall in Arizona, thePresiJent steps in and aays they shallnot have it. When both houses of Congress pass a bill revising the tax onwooluns downward, the Presidentmakes that legislation impossible withhis veto. Apparently it makes smal,difference to Mr. Taft whether thepeople know what they want or not.Taxing Mined Coal.Senator L. W. Arnett, of Kentoncounty, has introduced in the Legislature a bill providing for the tax of1 cent on each bushel coal mined in theState of Kentucky. Under the existing conditions the revenues of thestate are insufficient to meet and defray the expenses of government andfor necessary improvements alongother lines.The growth of the mining industryin this state in the past few years hasassumed enormous proportions and inmost instances the mines are owned orleased and operated by out-of-stateinterests who pay taxes only on thesurface, while beneath were the immense wealth is gained Terrains until xed. The rich operator or speculatorwho buys or leases the coal underneathgets rich without paying a cent tax oncoal mined and sold.According to Senator Arnett's billonly the coal mined , and sold will betaxed and the bill which was introduced by him is as follows :Be it enacted by the General Assembly of the Commonwealth of Kentucky :1. Every person, firm, associationor corporation engaged in the businessof mining coal in this Commonwealthfor sale shall pay iDto the treasury ofthe (lomraon wealth ;an annual licensetax or one cent on eacn ion or coal somined.2 On or before the tenth day ofJanuary each year, each person, firm,associHtLn or corporation engaged inthe mining of coal shall make and filewith the Auditor of State a sworn report of the total number of tons ofcoal mined by him or them during thecalendar year ending December thirtyfirst last past, and said sworn reportshall name and designate the mine ormines from which said coal was mined.Such person, firm, association or corporation shall, at thfc time of filing saidsworn report, pay to the Auditor ofthe State the amount of said taxasherein provided, and the Auditor shallcover the same into the treasury of theCommonwealth.o. Any person, nrm, association orcorporation that shall i'ail or refuse tomake and file with the Auditor thesworn report herein required by thetime specified, or who shall fail to refuse to pay the license tax herein provided for at the time designated shallbe guilty of a nikde-neanor, and uponconviction in the Franklin CircuitCourt shall be fined five hundred aol1 irs for each day of such delinquency,but such fine shall not abate the saidlicense tax or any part thereof and theAuditor shall proceed, to collect suchtaxes in the same manner as is provided by law for the collection of otherdelinquent taxes.Use of the Horse.Owing to the advancement of science it would be possible to getalong without horses now, if it werenot for the necessity of having a fewof them at the annual horse shows.Today the Appointed Time."The future is an illusion; it neverarrives; it flies before you as you advance. Always it is today and afterdeath and a thousand years it is today. You have great deeds to perform and you must do them now.".Charles Ferguson. . 'January Honor Roll.One year, ago the attendance in thewhite school was 475. During themonth just closed vhe average daily attendance is 604, an increase of 129.This is a "high water mark" for thecold month of January.The total enrollment one year agowas, at this time in the year, 640. Itis now 731, an increase of 91.The colored school is holding its own inpoint of attendance and has decidedlyimproved in the order and neatness inthe general appearance of externalthings as well as in the quality andefficiency of the work being done.There were 341 in the white, and 186in the colored school neither absent nortardy during the fifth month and 510in the white and 260 in the coloredschool with satisfactory DeportmentSelf-Control!HOIS or roll.GRADE I-B.Leonard Fronk 90, James Harris 90,Russell Horton 91, Keller Larkin 90,Eddie Munich 92, Crutcher Chism 90,Virginia Cahal 94, Edric Cook 90, Elizabeth Henry 90, Margaret Hill 94, Elizabeth Lilleston 95, Ethel McPheeters 90,Thelma Pavne 94, Hazel Shelton 90,Sallie Payne 90, Elizabeth Taylor 90,Christine Thomas 94, Katherine Woodward 91, Ruth Wheeler 94.GRADE I-A.Martha Longan 91, Clara Himes 94,Mary Martin Adcock 95, NannetteArkle 95, Ethel Day 92, Virginia Hancock 95, Minnie Himes 90, Sallie K.Steagall 92, Elizabeth S. Carter 94,Mary Frances Burnes 94, Evans Hieatt90, James Douglass Jr. 90, Paul S.Thompson 93, Edward Drane Paton 96,Gayle M. Browne 91.GRADE II-B.Kathleen Lovell 92, Eva Chappell 92,Frances McCarly 92, Nancy B. Wilson j95, Emmaleen Kearns 90, ElizabethJohnson 91, Chailie Padgett 91.GRADE II-A.Herbert Myers 95, Hazel Myers 95',Elmer Burnett 94. Macie Saloshin 91,Lula Roberts 91, Isabel Atlas 91, RoyBurley 90, Elizabeth Rule 90, HildaTaylor 90.GRADE III-B.Alma L. Goldstine 95, Dorothy Harris 92, Sidney Linville 95, Lora MayWilburn 90, Hallie Mann 90, LillianTowler 90, Virginia Dundon 95, RankinMastin 95, James McChntock 92, Herman Tully 91.GRADE III-A.Hiram Morrow 90, Ethel Florence 90,Robert Hall 91, Elizabeth Stewart 92,Favola Dundon 92, Collins Hall 93,Pearlie Ritchie 93, James Arnsparger94, Geraldine Herrin 94, ElizabethWheel sr 94, Verna Turpin 94.GRADE IV-B.Charles Anderson 90, Lena Cook 90,Lutie Crowe 91, "Omer Denton 92, NettieDyices 91, Bessie Lee Snapp 91, MattieA. Wesselman 91, Elizabeth Snapp 93.GRADE V-B.William Mclntlre 90.GRADE IV-A.Dorothy Tingle 94, Bessie Gifford 93,Aera Bishop 92, Helen Rippetoe 92.Lily Kenny 91, Olive Snapp 90, OliverMcUormick 90, A. T. Rice 92, TeddyTemplin 91.GRADE V-A.Mary Leach 90, Madge TaylorPreston Bales 93, Hattie NealLucille Godman 93, Ada MyersMartha Settle 95, Ida AndersonEthel McCabe 93, Stanley RuleGrace Snapp 90, George ClaytonDoyle Day 91. Vail Baldwin 90,Smith 90, Palmer Myeis 90.GRADE VI-B.Eleanor Lytle 91, Fannie Heller 94,John Clay 93, Edna Snapp 93, BessieNewman 90, Arthur Anderson 90,Blanche Chapman 90, Stella PriceJohn Brannon 90, Maude TavlorTurney Clay 92.GRADE VI-A.Elizabeth Best 92, Luther BishopForrest Letton 92.GRADE VIII-A.Pearl Brown 96, Julia Fitzgerald 94,'Elizabeth Galbraith 93, Ethel Harper90, Gertrude Lusk 90, Bessie O'Niell90, Edith Bobbitt 90.GRADE VII.Basil Hayden 90, Fithian Arkle 92,Mary Kearns 91, John Talbott Redmon92. Evelyn Friedman 92, CatherineMeglone 92, Mary Allin Hutchcraf t 92,Elizabeth Hall 94, Minnie Kiser 93,Charlena Ball 93.GRADE VIII.Vella Mastin 97, Barnett Winters 96,Marian Alexander 95, Lawrence Lavin91, Thornton Connell 97, Emmett Curtis 90, Stuart Wallmgford 96, WilliamMastin 90, Sarah Thompson 97, MarionDouglass 95, Landen Templin 96,Maurice Clark 90, Marian Cram 90.HIGH SCHOOL.FRESHMAN.Lina Crowe 97, Grace McCord.97,Dennie Kennedy 90, Joseph Lynch 90,Elizabeth Brown 95, Ellen Henry 95,Edward McShane 95, Elizabeth Renick94, Gertrude Slicer 94. Robert Mitchell92, Mary Brooks 92, Katherine Kenney91, Drusie Frakes 91, Charlie Spears90.SOPHOMORES.Edward Myall 98, Wayne Cottingham 97, Sello Wollstein 95, RutnChambers 95, Coleman Renick 94, EdnaKeller 92, John Ardery 91, MableArnold 90, Matilda James 90, Eli Friedman 98, Joseph Letcher 95, Hazel Duvall 95, Beatrice Chapman 94, JessieDenton 92. James Horton 91, MalvinaSharon 93, Gertrude Turpin 90.JUNIOR.Duke Brown 98, Earl Dickerson 96,Clarence Harney 97, Lawrence Price 92,Clara Chambers 92, Olive Taul 91,Maude Fitzpatrick 91SENIORS.Merritt Slicer 98, Elsie Heller 98,Mary Snell 95.COMMERCIAL DEPARTMENT.Margaret Buchanan 99, Earl Curtis94, Jas. Templin 98, Frank Dejarnett91, William Chisholm 9S,SOPHOMORES Ruth Chambers 97.Wavne Cottingham 94, Hazel Duvall95, Eli Friedman 96, James Horton 97,Edna Keller 95, John Mahorney 92,Edward Myall 98, Malvina Sharon 97,Gertrude Turpin 95, Sello Wools tein 98.96.91,92,92,90,90,Ora91,90,92,A BLOOD MEDISiBIB WlcTHOUT ALCOHOLRecently it has been definitly proven by experiments on animals that alcohollowers the germicidal power of the body and that nicohol paralyzes the white cor--luscleso the blood and renders them unable to take up and destroy disease germs.Disease germs cause the death of over onp-half ot the humsn race.A blood medicine, made entirely without clcohol, which is a pure glyceric -tractof roots, such as Bloodroot, Queen's root, Golden aeai root, Mandrake IS'one root, has been extensively sold by drugsts for the past forty years as DPierce's Golden Medical Discovery. The voircswa influence ct this extract is h.oNhiro'! Inflnencc-the blood is bathed in the ton.c -vehica $;ver, hie .o the olooonracroots, vit-iout a par'.icio oi"It is -vvLh tc rrreafcsst of plw s"-a. that I rrrite to let tcu Jcaw - ftTie rrct bcnci.t 1 i fved fro: the use of ycur medicines sod .tunentihatt3,":jaiBS. I .-feral lor 'hoe years iro.n a rumicx sore. Consulted lour docuwthey f' iHl to rcc?id or pivo relie:. Finally I va3 to! J I was in eensurrr -tiouard votild have to co.n3ult &. sp?.cialst concerning iny aor. that -dead bono muct be cr.t out :cfo:-e the wound wouiu h&ai. A kind frie- 1rdvicd"tn" tovntc to Dr. Pierte, vhich I did, and after seven inontr ,vizeoi the tieatir.cnt the sore is icaled. aad 1 en joy better health than 7c-r d;a. I dressed the wound vith Dr. Pierce's All-Healing aaive a.-1took the 'Golden Mc.icd Discovery' and Pleasant Pellets' for u.jtroubles. I shall Livaya recommend your medicines.Dr. Pierce's Fl-jr.sc&t Pellets regulate liver and bowels.Cultivate Prudence;A man who is not prudent is borrowing his pleasure today at the expenseof his brother tomorrow. ?the vital fires of the body bum briber ana t.ic:r jncieuseu --vy uauaie zzatissue rubbish which h-s accumulated during fee winter.Dr. R. vr. Fierce, the fovnaer of the invalids' KoiclglHiliphs Gurical Institute, and c rf ..yjiiaa c largD experience anj,0 K practice, vas the first io muk'i uo on Altehativz Iixtxact ',:V " miGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMSBOTH 'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHX 299.The Best is none too good for you.and make the Women happy.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East-Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North JMiddletown, Little7 RockRuddles Mills."When you have East TennesseeanHAVE telephone service."service youThe East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedEnds Winter's Troubles,To many winter is aseason of trouble. The frost-bitten toes and fingerschapped hands and lips, chilblains,cold sores, red and rough skins.provethis. But soch troubles fly beforeBucklen's Arnica Salve. Atrial convinces, Greatest healer of burns,boils, piles, cuts, sores, bruises, eczema and sprains. 25c at Oberdorfer's.AFSBERSHOPModern Equipment,4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.Insure with W. O. liinton.Promptcompanies.paying non - uniontfJlnnk EangboManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.augl(5tfEast Tenn. Phoe 669Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDJoe. G. Mitchell,Against fire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies.Phone 162Agent.LOWEY & TALBOTTParis, KentuckyALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.will not be yours unless youhave a parlor stove as artisticas it is serviceable. Have alook at the stoves in this hardware store. They are brightand attractive and really betterheat makers than the ugliestold stove you ever saw. Prettiness costs nothing either.Plain stoves cannot be-boughtcheaper. . . --..',. --rThis will be the Sale of Sales. Our stock is twice as heavy asit should be. We need money to meet Spring purchases now onthe way to our store, hence money and room are the two thingswe are now looking forward to.We realize after the many so-called Cleaning-Up Sales it will be hard to interest you, but one thing we wantto say, that we will put on a sale with prices so low that you will be forced sit up and take notice, for it will meana saving to you if you have to purchase for next Winter. Nothing spared. The pruning knife wiH cut everyMen's Suit, Men's Furnishings, Men's Shoes, Trunks, Suit Cases, in fact, nothing will escape. Read the prices,compare them with other cut prices, note the saving. The goods are here awaiting you.100 Men's Suits, sizes only 34, 35 and 36, worth from $12 to $20Money Raising Sale Price$10.00 Men's Suits, pure worsted,Money Raising Sale Price :$1 2.00 Men's Suits, all-wool, hand-tailored, "Money Raising Sale Price ...$15.00 Men's Suits, all-wool, hand-tailored,Money Raising Sale Price$3.98$6.98$7.98$9.50$18.00 Men's Suits, all-wool, hand-tailored M 1 QQMoney Raising Sale Price ,......:. pl 1.iO$20.00 Men's Suit3, including Schloss Bros.,Money Raising Sale Price$22.00 and $25.00 Men's Suits, including Alfred Benjamin'sMoney Raising Sale Price$28.00 and $30.00 the very finest Ready-made ClothingMoney Raising Sale Price$12.98$14.98$19.00Note The Great Bargains50c and 75c Men's Caps, reduced to 38c300 Caps, worth 50c, 75c and $1, reduced to 25cBoys' high-cut Shoes, worth $3, reduced to $1.98Men's $1 Gloves, cut to 75c3.50 all-wool Sweaters, cut to $1.98$1.25 all-wool Sweaters, cut to 69cBoys' 50c and 7oc Sweaters, cut to 39cMen's $2 all-over Rubber Overshoes, cut to $1.48Men's 10c Sox, reduced to 7cMen's 75c Rubbers, reduced to 41cBoys' Fleeced Underwear, reduced to 19cHeavy Union Suits, boys, reduced to 39cMen's all-wool, fleeced Underwear, Dr. Wright's,worth SI. 25. cut to 79cMen's Outing Flannel Pajamas, worth $1.25 suit, cut to. 59cMen's 50c Heavy Mittens, reduced to 38cH. & P. $2 Men's Kid Gloves, reduced to $1.29Phoenix Mufflers, cut to 19cMayo 50c Mufflers, cut to 25c300 Men's odd Vests, worth up to $3, choice 25cBoys' Knee Pants, worth up to $5, all reduced to $2.98Men's Fine TrousersFinest Tailor-made Trousers, $7.50, $8 and $10, strictlyhand-made, Money Raising Sale Price $4.98$5.00 Men's Trousers, Money Raising Sale Price $3.48$4.00 Men's Trousers, Money Raising Sale Price $2.45$3.50 Men's Trousers, Money Raising Sale Price $2.29$3.00 Men's Trousers, Money Raising Sale Price $1.98$2.50 Men's Trousers, Money Raising Sale Price $1.79$2.00 Men's Trousers, Money Raising Sale Price $1.48$1.'50 Men's Trousers, Money Raising Sale Price 98cFinest $3. 50 Cordoruy Pants, Money Raising Sale Price . $1.98$2.50 and $3.00 " " " " " " $1.79$2.00 " " " " " 41 $1.48Shoes at Bargain PricesOur Men's Shoe Department represents the cream oiall makes, including the celebrated French Shuier Co.,W. L. Douglas, Beacon, Emerson Shoe and a number ofother good makes. Read and save:$4.00 Twin Bros.' Special Shoes, cut to $3.39$3.50 Twin Bros.' Special Shoes, cut to .$2.98$3.50 Douglas Shoes, cut to $2.98S3. 00 Douglas Shoes, cut to $2.69$3.00 Beacan Shoes, cut to $2.69Regular $2.75 Shoes, cut to $1.98Regular $2.50 Shoes, cut to $1.75Regular S2.00 Shoes, cut to $1.48Regular $1.50 Shoes, cut to 98cOdd last of fine Shoes, worth $3, $3.50 and $4, MoneyRaising Sale Price $1.98We Arc Overstocked Badly on Men's andYouths' Overcoats Every OneSold at a Loss.$20.00 Overcoats $11.98$18.00 Overcoats $10.98$15.00 Overcoats , $ 9-98$12.00 Overcoats $ 7.98$10.00 Overcoats - $ G-98$ 8.00 Overcoats $ j.3oS 0.00 Overcoats $ 3.98One lot of Boys' Overcoats, ages 13 to 18,worth up to $15, Money Raising SalePrice $3. J8Underwear Collars, Shirts, &c Fine HatsMen's heavy fleece-lined Shirts and Drawers, the best 50c garment in town, reduced to 35cMen's heavy ribbed garments, reduced to . . 35cCooper's fine ribbed Underwear, reduced to 79cMen's $1.50 wool Underwear, reduced to - .98cMen's $2 wool Underwear, reduced to. ..$1.29All 10c Collars reduced to 8cAll 15c Collars reduced to. 10cAll $1 and $1.25 Shirts reduced to -. 79oAll SI. 50 and $2 Shirts reduced to $1.15All 50c and 75c Shirts reduced to 38cOdds and ends in $1 Shirts 48cMen's 25c Suspenders reduced to, 12cMen's 50c Suspenders reduced to 29cAt Money Raising Price SaleHawes Van Gal $3 Hats reduced to $2.25Fine S3 Hats reduced to $1.98$2.50 Men's Hats reduced to $1.69$2 Men's Hats reduced to $1.48S1.50 Men's Hats reduced to 98cStetson Hats reduced to ... ; $2.59You have read our almost unbelievable prices, but we assure you every price quoted above is genuine We have the goods to fill same. Wereserve but one condition on above prices, and that is all the prices Must Be Cash, nothing: charged except at our usual prices. This sale isbeing made to raise money, and prices are for Cash only, (Cash is King.)TWINmmmSimon's Old StandIMZstixi Street, Paris, KZentiiclszyTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY JAN. 30, 1912.THEATRICAL.IIiIXXXSpecialShort Profit Sale,February 3, toFebruary 23We Guarantee Fully the Quality of All Goods Sold.Attend This Sale And See a Dollar BuyMore Than a Dollar's WorthM Watches, Clocks, Sold and GoldTilled JewelrySilver Plated Wars, Cut Glass,etc , Will Go Tor 20 per cent. Less than vthe Regular Pries.Sterling Silver T1aiware Tor 10 per cent Less.97fany. Special bargains 'Will Zfte Offered 3rom Uimo to Zfime.Watch Our Window."AN EVERYDAY GIRL."Numbered among the attractionswhich are to appear at the Grand thisseason is last year's greatest successmade famous by the author, Mr.Thomas Hopkins. "An Everyday Girl"is a beautiful romantic comedydTainawhich has been witnessed by millions,and it is said that "An Everyday Girl"is a worthy successor to "LenaRivers." Those who witness the performance will find much to their likincr. and witness a production com-nlete. The scenic effects are Hfine anda Broadway cast is carried. The playis centered about Rose Morton, a girlreared in Virginia. The charactersare of a peculiar type and bring aboutmany auaint sayings which furnishmuch enjoyment for all: while thesorrowful predicaments in which Roseoftentimes finds herself awaken theemotions of the hardest heart. Dun'tfail to see "An Everyday Girl." Fun,its full of fun. The date is Wednesday,January 31. Prices 25. 3b and 50cents. Seats at Mitchell & Blakemore's."THE GIRL OF EAGLE RANCH.""The Girl of Eagle Ranch," ;cumedy drama, founded on actual factsthat transpired in Arizona on the wellknown "Z" ranch will be the attraction at the Paris Grand one night, Friday, February 2, and will be presentedby George W. Atterby s superb actingcompany, portraying the actual characters that were at the time so vividlyheralded to the world in our dailypress. The author of this productiontaking this event as his subjct.has notoverdrawn the characters that wereconspicuous at the time, but are truetypes of tne people and localities invvhif.h these scenes are being enacted,and are put forward in this productionfounded on actual facts that transpiredand not imaginary happenings.It is o story of reencre, Bhate, passion and love, that enters into theaction of "The Girl of Eagle Ranch"that keeps an audience wide awakeand absorbed in the startling revelations each scene brings forth, and theevents that tranpsire are not of animposisble nature, notwithstanding thefact that the .interest they arouse ismost intense.There is hardly a reader in thepresent day but has read the daringexploits of the Western cowboy, andthe present pruduction is as it wereholding the "mirror" up to nature torepeat itself.The company will carry a cowboyband,$which will make their novel andpicturesque street parade on the dayof their arrival in this city, Friday,February 2.nesmmorTMEFALLS LIGHTONTHOSEWITHMQNEarmBANCoprncht, 1911, bj Ihz Standard Advertising Co.TIME casts dark shadow s ahead for him who fails toprovide for the future. By not doing so he violates anatural law, and must pay the cost the man without a bank account has dread ahead.We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accountsDEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.II Si Imm BasvmIf ill .cSSfiMoCapital $100,000.Surplus $30,000Tobacco Sales.Mr. Harry James, of this citv, soldon the Lexington Loose Leaf marketlast week his 1911 crop of 2,800 poundsat an average price of $13.91 per hundred pounds straight.J. C. Bryan & Son, of North Middletown, sold on the Winchester markettheir crop of tobacco at prices rangingfrom S3. 50 to S12.75 per hundred.A. J. Austin & Son sold to Bud Berry, of Hutchison, their crop of about8,000 pounds at 10 3-4 cents per poundin the barn.At the Lexington Opera House."THE REAL THING.""The Real Thing," Henrietta Cmsman's newest, brightest and funniestcomedy, tells of a husband whose wifeloves him to death, but who is toobusy to prove it to him. She dividesher attention between her children andthe household duties, with the mistaken idea that the proper way to reach aman's heart is to keep his house in order and the children's faces clean. Asthe lady who brings order out of thischaotic condition, Miss Crosman shines Iin the most interesting role she hashad in years. She tslls tne hubsandwhat she imaginesjto be the secret ofmarried happiness ,sand she tells thewife to make a fuss over her lord andmaster if she wants to keeD niminterested. She doesn't tell the wifethat by notlooking her prettiest on alloccasions and neglecting her personalappearance around the house, she hasdriven her husband sofar as to kiss another woman. This is as far as themischief has proceeded, however,when Miss Crosman,-as the widow,starts her work of rehabilitation. Sheis successful although in straightening out their affairs Bhe gets herselfin hot water with her sweetheart.This is all smothered out however, andeverybody hugs and kisses in thefinale, which, as Metcalf, the NewYork t critic, says: is what everywoman wants to see at the finish of aplay. Miss Crosman brings her company to the Lexington Opera HouseWednesday evening, January 31."THE SWEETEST GIRL IN PARIS."Trixie Friganaz and her eighty oddassociates in "The Sweetest Girl inParis," which comes to the LexnigtonOpera House, Saturday matinee andnight, February 3, are making one ofthe most extended and comprehensivetours ever undertaken in the history ofAmerican theatricals. During thepresent season of forty weeks thisgreatest of all La Salle Opera Housesuccesses, which has a record of morethan three hundred performances inChicago, will be presented in eversection of the country, from coast tocoast, and from the cities of the GreatLakes' region to the localities alongthe Gulf of Mexico. To cover so muchground in so comparatively short atime, it is necessary to employ aspecial train during most of the season, a huge expenditure when oneconsiders that this train is composedof two baggoge cars with scenery andproperties, two sleepers, a day coachand a dining car. "The Sweetest Girlin Paris" however, faces only capacityaudiences'Jn every place it is shown,so that the expenditure is more thanworth while. esDeciallv ag Harrv A skindesires that Trixie Friganaz and "TheSweetest Girl in Paris" shall havevisited everv theatrical r.p.ntpr nf nnnote in the country before her appearance again at -the La Salle OpreaHouse in a new vehicle next season.All mail orders address to Chap.Scott. Manager, accompanied by remittance, will be filled in order receiv-ed and given prompt attention.Base Ball Notes.An enthusiastic meeting of the members of the Rirhmond Base Ball Association was held last week Richmondwill hold her franchise in the BlueGrass League the coming season,and many plans were discussed leadingto putting a champion team in thefield. The election of officers, was themain item of discussion, and an agreement was not reached at this meeting.The management of the MaysvilleBlue Grass League team has signed G.McCann, former assistant sport writeron the Cincinnnati Times-Star, asmanager for the ball club during thecoming season. Very few of lastyear's cltb will be signed as the7 areholding out for more money. 'I he newmanager played last season with theNorwood Saturday League team andis a catcher of some ability.Kentucky's New County Unit LawThe Graham county unit extensionbill which passed the Senate Thursdayand is identical with the Niles bill,passed the week before in the House,extends to every county in the Statethe provisions of the Cammack countyunit law, which exempted from it provisions cities of the first, second, thirdand fourth classes, by repealing theexceptions in the original bill. Thelaw, as it will appear on the statutebooks when approved by Gov. McCrearyfollows :" 'a' No election in any town, city,district or precinct of a county shallbe held, under this article, on thesame day on which an election for theentire county is held. When an electionis held in an entirve county and amajority of the legal votes cast atsaid election are against the sale,barter or loan of spirituous, vinous,malt or other intoxicating liquors,then it shall not be lawful to sellbarter or loan any such liquors in anyportion of the county. If at such anelection for the entire county, themajority of the legal votes cast are infavor of the sale, barter or loan ofany such liquors, such election shallnot operate to make it legal, to grantlicense to sell, barter or - loan suchliquors in any territorial division ofsuch county from which the sale, barteror loan has been excluded by an election held unden this article, or byspecial act, but the status of suchterritorial division shall remain as ifno such election had been held." b' No electiun shall be held inany election precinct under this act onthe same day on which an election isheld for the district or city of whichthe precinct is a part. If at an election held for such entire district orcity, the majority nf legal votes castshall be in favor of the sale, barter orloan of spiiituous, vinous, malt orother liquors, then the status in theseveral precincts thereof shall remainas it was before said election ; but ifthe majority should be against thesale, then the sale, barter or loan ofsuch liquors shall be unlawful in everyportion of said city or district.We Offer ThisWeek a Few ItemsAtlllNominal PricesOdds and ends of useful articles which come to usin the purchase of the Kaufman, Straus & Co. stockand for which we paid market prices, the valuesmentioned below are about one-fourth of the costprice and in many cases even less. The reason is,that we want to clean out all odds and ends in everystock so as to make room for the fast arrivingSpring stock.At the Sacrifice Prices mentioned we must insist on cash payment for tne advertised articles, but the prices i.re so ridiculously lowthat it will not take much cash : : : : :At 39 Cents a Yard000 yards of double-width woolen goods and Challies, soldat 65 to 1 per yard. Some of these are short lengths,others you can buy from the piece, whatever length youwish. This lot contains all kinds of wool materials.At 39 Cents a YardThe remainder of the 69c lot of silks, in any desired lengthor in short lengths. It this assortment you will find silkswhich sold up to $1 a yard. Choice per yard 39c1,000 Cards of Fancy aud Staple ButtonsEach card has on it two dozen of buttons, which sold ashigh as 75c per dozen. We must sell these at per card . . 15cYou must buy 10 or 12 cards of these and putthem away, you will be glad to have themwhen you need them.Art Needle Work Bargains5c Apiece Stamped pieces on Linens, Burlaps, Tuckingsand on sheer goods, pieces worth up to 50c a piece,at per piece 5c10c Apiece Colored Pillow Tops, in stamped and tinted.Centerpieces on Art Linens, 24 inches square, thelinen is worth 35c alone; the pieces sold as high as75c apiece, at per piece 10c25c Apiece Stamped and Tinted Pillow Tops, Laundryand Shoe Bags, Table Scarfs on Mummy Burlap,Stencilled Centerpieces and many other noveltiesand staple stamped linens, sold up to $1.75 apiece.Sale price, per piece 25cJCaufmany Strauo 5c Co.,Wolf, Wile & Company Successors.LEXINGTON, KY.Prices for tobaccoAT-MoolianJOIN THE JUNIOR ORDERUnited flmericani6The Only Strictly American Organization Known toHistory. None But American Born Admitted.Initiation Fee For the Next 30 Days $3.25Each member carries $250 insurance witlr .his memrbership; $3 per week sick benefits.Dues 10c per week.In addition to this, "member can carry from $500 to$3,000, graded, according to age at entrance. A man at30 years of age cancarry 3,000 for $2.25 per month or$27 per year. Policy in force immediately after approved.Should member die next day full face of policy is paid.The organization has paid $5,217,871:62 in the pasteleven years in sick and death benefits. Has a surplus of$284,174.01. For further information call on or address,J. JD- HUNTER,107 East Tenth Street, Paris, Ky.r .o' ' ; ... .THE BOURBON NEWS, vPARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. ,30 1912.afc BOURBON NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGBuys Small Farm.Mr. Herman Margolen, of this city,j: chased last week of Mrs. AlbertfcIbott, seven acres of land lying on.e Peacock pike near this city, for. i per acre.Will Go to Lagrange.'At. Lyons Board has resigned hissition at the store of Mr. G. B.:cheli and in a few days will leaver Lagrange where he has accepted a. -ition with the McUwell Drug Co ,that city.Dentists Meet in Lexington.The Blue Grass Dental Society held- regular monthly meeting in theie of Dr. W. C. Hodges, in Lexingn Saturday night. The meeting was::ended by a large number of theambers of the society. Dr. M. H.iiley and Dr. H. E. Mathers, of thisy, were in attendance.For Sale Cheap.One "Leer System" file. In gocdndition. Will sell cheap for cash.;.-p!y at News office. tfWill Institute Lodge Here.Mr. J. D. Hunter, of Cannel City,:ate Council Chaplain and Nationaleputy of the United AmreicanMechanics in this city for the purposeti organizing a Chapter here. Mr.rlunter hopes to have a sufficientmembership to institute the local order;. February 15. .Will Continue Sale One Week.Owing to the great success or our:ale we will continue same for oneweek. Those who have not profited bythis sale will do well to call beforeSaturday, February 3 as wehavesomerr.re bargains.GEO. McWILLIAMS.Seven Applicants.Seven applicants on Friday took .'theexamination necessary for admissionto the lJaris High School at the courthouse under the direction of MissMabee! Robbins, county school superintendent. They wee Misses Elizabeth Houston, Anna Sweeney, Messrs.Hiram Adair, Robert Adair and RobertUelaney. The examination was conducted by Prof. E. M. Costello andlAr. Charles McMillan.Free, Free.See the handsome things in our-.vindow that will be given away aosojjtely free. $50 punch bowl, silverware and box ctndies.-i 2t J AS. E. CRAVEN.Mrs. Little to Lecture Here.Mrs. John Little, of Louisville, will;eiiver an address at th court house.r. this city Thursday afternoon at 2o'clock on the importance of grantingtchaol surffage to women of the Stateand will discuss the vital educationalrroblems which are before the peopleof Kentucky today. Mrs. Little is aclub worker and a leader in literarycircles. The Bourbon County SchoolImprovement League is much interestcJ in the sabject and a large delegation from the rural districts are exj.ected to be present. The School Im!rovement League and the ParisLiterary Club extended the invitationt j Mrs. Little to ;visit Paris. No admission fee will be charged.Paris Girls Win from State.The girls team of the Paris HighSchool defeated the State Univeristygi Is in a close game at LexingtonSiti rday afterrnoonfthe score being 14io 10.The fnul shooting of Miss Hellerwon the game fot Paris. Miss HellerMint six goals out of six attempts.Tne game was played under the reVhea rules in the State Universitygymnasium.For Paris Misses Heller and Haydenstarred. Of the State quintet MissesJ.'cth McChesney, Florence and IreneHughes played consistent and aggressiv i balkThe game was open, and a goodcrmd was in attendance. Quite ai legation from Paris attended to roott)r the High Shoul girls. The summary :Paris -Miss Hayden center; MissesChambers and Heller g ; Misses Rummans and Taul, forwards.State Miss Irene Hughes, center;Mi-Hes Noland, McChesney and Bpdincr. guards; Misses Florene Hughes,Jones and Matthews, forwards.Field Goals-Heller, 1; Hayden, 2;Taul, 1; P. Hughes. 2; I. Hughes, 3.Thrown Fouls Heller, 6.Referee Johnson, Pans. UmpireTigert K. S. U.Time of Pericds Ten minutes each.'ihe basket ball game which wasplayed at the public school gymnasiumFriday night between the boys' teamof the Mayslick High School and thatof the Paris High School, resulted in avictory for the home boys, thebeing 51 to 5.scoieMATRIMONIAL.vt ,mi. Tj-i,f- Mice iBIaX wX hnlh t Nrcholas county iweie married at half nast two o'clockSav morning by BderT T. Shar-. . , . . , ;i.rd at his residence on Main street.A marriage license was issued Sat-udiy'oMr. Culley Berry and MitsBelle Taylor, of Lexington.--The marriage of Miss Jessie FitKian Hibler to Mr. Otto Horrenkohl willue celebrated this evening at the homeot the bride's parents. Mr. and Mrs.Harvey Hibler, on Eighth street ate'uht o'clock. Rev. D. S. D Boggs,of Danville, will officiate. The wedding will be a quiet affa.r, only immediate relatives and a few intimatef iends witnessing the ceremony.(PERSONAL MENTION.Mr. Fred Batterton is in Lancasteron a business trip.Mrs. D. C. Parrish is improvingafter a severe illness.Mrs. Rosa Wallingford is visitingfriends in Hamilton, O.Mr. Edward Holt, of Louisville, isvisiting relatives in this city.Mrs. James H. Fergjson has beenquite ill for the past several days.Mr. L M. Tribble has returnedfrom a business trip to Fulton, Mo.Miss Gladys Ashurst has returnedf -om a visit to Mrs. C. B. Ecton inWinchester.Attorney R. C. Talbott was in attendance on the Circuit Court atFrankfort Saturday.Mrs. Nannip Ditchn, of NewYork, is the guest of her mother,Mrs. S. M. Wilmoth.Mr. Chas. Heisel, of Canada, isthe guest of his sitser, Mrs. J. S.Johnson, on Cypress street.Mr. and Mrs. Wade H. Whitleyand little daughter have returned froma vist to relatives in North Carolina.Mr. and Mrs. Roger Clark, ofMadisonville.are guests of Mr. Clark'smother, Mrs. Elizabeth Clark, in thiscity.Mr. Frank P. Kiser, who has beenquits ill for the past week, threatenedwith typhoid-pneumonia, is recoveringrapidly.Miss Margaret Ferguson has returned to her home in this city after avisit to har cousin, Miss Nancy Lancaster, in Georgetown.Master John T. Bower, the littleson of Mr. and Mrs. John A. Bower,who has been dangerusly ill at theBerea Hospital, is improving.Mr. Jame3 Higgins entertained afew of his friends with a smokerThuisday evening. Those present wereFather Eugene DeBruyn, J. B. Dempspy,George Doyle Thomas and WilliamKane.Among those who attended thefuneral of Mr. John F. Rynn, in Mt.Sterling last week were Mr. T. CLenihan, Miss Lizzie Lenihan, Mr.John Mahar and. Mr. John Malanley,of this city.The following handsomely engraved invitations have been issued:Mrs. James Harrah Thompsoninvites you to meetMrs. R. ii. Ferguson and Mrs. A. J.CarrollTuesday, February the sixthfrom two to five o'clock.Woodlawn Vila ,Pari?, Ky.The Cincinnati Enquirer says:"Miss Josenhine Behrman, btide-electof Mr. J. W. Bacon, of Paris, Ky.,was given by her aunt, Mrs. Baker, afamily dinner partv last Sunday. Mrs.Wright Youtsey will entertain January31 in compliment to Miss Behrman."Mrs. Ramsey Washington, ofSouthgate, entertained with a handsome dinner in compliment to MissJosephine Behrman."DEATH.The funeral services over- the remains of Mr. J. M. Barlow, who diedat his home near Centerville Thursday,were held Saturday morning at thehome, of his son, Mr. J. Allison Bar-low, on the Cummins & Hawkins pike.The services wer conducted by Rev.E. M. Lightfoot.of the Baptist church.The burial took place in the Jacksonville cemetery. The pall-hearers wereEverett Allen, Joseph Boswell, Ben C.Allison, Edward Cantrill, T. W. Cummins, Wash Webb, Clay Allen and C.L. Offut.Miss Bettie Ingles, aged sixty-twoyears, died shortly before six o'clockSaturday morning, at her apartmentson High street She had been a sufferer from a complication of troubles forabout three months, and her death wasnot unexpected.Miss Ingles was the daughter of Dr.John and Mrs. Elizabeth Ingles, bothlong since dead, her father havingbeen a -victim of the cholera in 1849.She waff the last member of her im-I mediate family and lived alone.thought possessing a host of friends, who viedI with each other in acts, of kindness' during her long illness.The body has been taken to tne homeof her cousin, Mr. Wilson Ingles, onFiftPenth street, where the funeralwas held yesterday morning at 10:30o'clock, cunducted by Elder J. T. Sharrard. Burial in the Paris cemetery.Mrs. Nellie N. Borland, aged 54years, died at her home on ConventHeights Friday afternoon at twoo'clock, after an illness which has extended over a period of several months.Mrs. Borland had been constantly under the care of a physician during htrlate illness and last week a specialistfrom Cincinnati was called to consult.with the family physician in regard toher conditio and in an effott to prolong her life. All efforts to restoreher to her normal condition were without result, although everything knownt3 medical science was resorted to during her illness.vMrs. Borland had been a residentof this city for a. number of years. Sheis survived by her husband, Mr. S. E.Boiland, three daughters and one son,Mrs. Pearce Paton and Mrs. 'HordMann, of Paris Mrs. Everett Paton,nf Lexington; Mr. Roy Borland, ofParis, and an adopted daughter, littleMiss Dolly Borland; her mother, Mrs.Ann Davidson; one sister, Mrs. R. L.Wood, of Covington .and two bi others,; MrEd Davidson, of Mobile. AJa.. andMr. Charles Davidson, of Covington.Mrs.-.Borland was distinctly a womanc 1. 1 uvr unK nvaaraDr n OQcnrdof the home, tier greatest pieasurjjduring her life was ministering theIn return "sheandwas,dolized by them and enjoyedthe iesteem and affection of her neighborsand a large number ot iriends.The funeial took place at the residfiice on Convene Heights Sundayaftrenoon at 2:30 o'clock, conducted byElder J. T. Sharrard, assisted ny Kev.J S. Simms. The remain? were interred in the family lot in 'the Pariscemetery. The following acted as pallbearers Bishop Hiblr, E. ' B. Januaiy. F. M. Farjes, Wm. Remington,Li S. Porter and M. G. Thomson.Desirable Building Lots.Read the advertisement in anothercolumn of the public sale of buildinglots on Mr. Airy. The Jots belong toGeo. W. Stuart and are to be sold byHarris & Speakes on February 10.Public SaleOFDESIRABLESUBURBAN HOMEOn Tuesday, Feb. 20, '12.I will sell at public auction on thepremises in East Paris, at 256 Mainstreet, my home place, consisting ofabout ten acres of land, with all necessary improvements thereon, a largetwo story brick house with nine roomsand halls, porches, large cellars, Lathoom. hot and cold water unstaira anddown, electric lights and fixtures, meathouse, chicken houses, buggy andcarriage house, cistern, etc.TERMS Made known on dsy of sale.Prospective purchasers are invitedto call and inspect the premises.At the same time and place will alsosell publicly one Holladay buggy, onebarouche and a lot of household furniture. MRS. SALLIE C. McMILLAN,Paris, Ky.FOR RENT.I have for rent or will lease for aterm of years the best livery and salebarn in Paris, Kentcuky. Situatedcorner Second and Main streets, opposite Windsor Hotl, posseession givenJan. 1, 1912. E. T.P hone 198.J. H. BUTLER.12 tf Paris. Ky.FOR SALE PRIVATELY.Eight room frame residence and lotfronting seventy feet and ten incheson Higgins avenue, and two hundredand eight feet deep ; bath room, newroof, gas leading to house: large garden and good cistern.WM. A. GRIMES,E. T. phone 45 or 364.23 tf Paris. Ky.Paris GrandWEDNESDAYJANUARY.31Thos. H. Sewell Presents the RomanticComedy Drama.A story as sweet as "Lena Rivers."By Thos. Hopkins. A play that gripsboth the heart and the mind.FULL OF FUNA play pulsating every moment withemotion, tense, truthful, powerfullydramatic, bright, witty, mirthful comedy.' Seats on sale at Mitchell & Blakemore's. Prices Lower Floor 50c; Balcony,35c; Gallery 25c and 35c.One Night Only .Friday, FebruaryATTERBY & COOK OfferThe Well-Known Western Comedy Drama,EagSe Ranch9One of the Best and Most Realistic Western DramasEver Written.Endorsed by the most conservative critic.See the Thrilling Climaxes, thePowerful Dramatic Situations,the Realistic Scenic Effects.A Real Cow Boy BandWill Make Their Novel andPicturesque Parade at Noon.ADMISSION-oOc, 3oc, 25.THEJAIR!For Friday Only.Heavy Plated Table Spoons,10c a set.Knives and Forks, each 3c.Noodle Cutters, each 7c.Stocking Darners, each 3c.Wood Butter Bowls, 2 for oc.Fountain Rubber Syringes, 69cPost Cards, worth 2 for 5,beautiful colored views, including several new numbers, yourchoice, 6 for 5 c.Wall Paper, 1912 Patterns,from 3c rolls and up.ANEVERYDAYTHE FAIR.Celeb, ate Golden Anniversary.Mr. and Mrs. John W. Fox, parentsof John Fox, the noted novelists,celebrated their golden wedding atBig Stone Gap, Va., Sunday. Sevenof their twelve children attended thecelebration. Mr. Fox is io the eightyfirst year of his ago while his wife isseventy-four. They were married inthis city in June 1874, while Mr. Foxwas conducting a private school hereupon the site of the noma of Mr.Thorns Funk on South Main street.The aged couple wire tie recipients ofmany congratulatans and words ofgood cheer from their fiiends amongthe older residents of thi3 section ofKentucky.FASH LIGHTS!Several Styles85c to $1 ,50Also Batteries ?nd Supplies.Bauqherty Bros.M 1y:ISpring Novelties.We have ready for your inspection the followingnovelties in their severcl lines that are moving rapidly, and why not you have some of them?White wash Bedford Cords and Piques.White Cotton Voiles jn checks, stripes, etc.White and Colored Embroidered Mulls and Crepes.Tissue Voiles, colors in novelty patterns.Domestic and Foreign Ginghams.Surah Jacquards.Bordered Mulls.Embroidered Laces, White Goods, &c.Come let us show you.ALWAYS THE NU.W. Ed TuckerAgent Butterwick PatternsIFee's CashIISpecialNational Oats,2 Packages Fork r1 5cFEE'STHE HOME OUTFITTER.I Am Offering Some VeryOIAL POn My EntireLINEFor Cash Buvers.I Carry the Very Best MakesISpecials!Today,IIVTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 30, 1912Are You Nervous?What makes you nervous? It is the weakness of yourwomanly constitution, which cannot stand the strain of thehard work you do. As a result, you break down, and ruinyour entire nervous system. Don't keep this up! TakeCardui, the woman's tonic. Cardui is made from purelyvegetable ingredients. It acts gently on the womanly organs,and helps them to do their proper work. It relieves painand restores health, in a natural manner, by going to thesource of the trouble and building up the bodily strength.s TAKELARDU I Woman'sTonicMrs. Grace Former, of Man, W. Va., took Cardui.This is what she says about it: "I was so weak andnervous, I could not bear to have anyone near me. I hadfainting spells, and I lost flesh every day. The first doseof Cardui helped me. Now, I am entirely cured of thefainting spells, and I cannot say enough for Cardui, for Iknow it saved my life." It is the best tonic for women.Do you suffer from any of the pains peculiar to women?Take Cardui. It will help you. Ask your druggist.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept. Chattanooga Medicine Co., Chattanooga, Tenn.,for Special Instructions, end 64-page book,"Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 50BBSs!i; Mi l M I (n 'I Courier JournalCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Aching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpure Botonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches ;blood thin or skin pale ; skin itchesand burns; shifting pains; bad breathlumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all other !medicines, liniments and doctershave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bot-'tie, with directions for home cure. !SiHiPiOamt free by writing Blood'-ai d . Atlanta, Ga. Describeyo ir trcuole nd free medical advice jgi.?n. -cl:l by Varden & Son. iLow Round Tripfor 1912You can not keep posted on current political events unless youread theCourier-Journal,(Louisville, Ky. Henry Watterson, Editor)This Presidential Year.The Tariff will be the issue andthe battle will be a hard foughtone. You can getDaily Courier Journal(Excepting Sunday Issue) andThe Bourbon NewsBoth One Year for $5.00.This offer only holds good untilFebruary 29.To get advantage of this cut rate,orders must be sent us, not theCourier-Journal.RATES.Homeseekers' FaresTo points in Arizona, Arkansas,Louisana, Missouri, New Mexico,Oklahoma, Texas, Kansas, Nebraska,Montana.- Michigan, Wisconsin Alabama, Florida and Mississippi. Tickels on sale first and third Tuesdays ofeach month with final return limit 25days from date of sale except to destinations in Florida, final limit will he12 days from date of sale. Liberalstopovers allowed in homeseeker territory. We also have on sale daily untilApril 30, 1912. with final return limitsHay 31. 1912 Winter Tourist tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida. Georgia,.Louisana, New Meixco and Texas,with liberal stopovers allowed.For further information, call on or"writeW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.BLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical ingredents. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All sympthoms healquickly. Blood is mase pure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, 1 per large bottle, with directions for hoiiie cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sold by Varden & Son.TWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentWe Are Showing for Fall and Winter StrictlyAll-Wool Worsted, Hand-TailoredSuits at $10.00Handsome new Brown and Grey Worsteds and Cassimeresin the newest models, hand-tailored Suits, worth easily $20,our Special $15.Overcoats in every new cut and weave, prices range from$7.50, 10, $12.50, 15, .$18 and $20.We have taken the sale agency for the celebrated EmersonShoe, Brockton, Mass. This is the classiest $4 and $5 men'sShoe made.Also the French Shrine hand-made Shoes at $4.The reliable Douglas Shoes $2.50, $3, $3.50.Those rough, fuzzy hairy Hats, $2, 2.5U, $3.Full line of Hawes Van Gal $3 Shoes.Monarch and Lair best $1 Shirts made. -Chutt's $1.50 and $2 Shirts, new patterns.Lion Brand slip-easy Collars, 2 for 25c.Full line of Trunks, Suit Cases and Hand-bags.5 cStunsLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.C HT R R R HCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric BIo'hI Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system of thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atshe-same timo Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purines the blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth andstrength just where it is needed, andn teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggistrf or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.Unduly Apprehensive."What has this uplift business donefor you?" "I dunno, yet," replied Farmer Corntossel. "Sometimes I thinkmebbe I'm gettin' lifted up jes' enoughto make the bump seem harder whenit comes."How's This?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of catarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.F. J. CENEY & CO., Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney for the last 15 years andbelieve him perfectly honorable in allbusiness transactions an financiallyable to carry out any obligationsmade by his firm.Walding, Kinnan & Marvin,Wholesale Druggists. Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Testimoniais sent free. Price 75c perbottle. Sold by all druggists.Teke Hall's Family Pills for constipation. iMonumental Majority.If one could get the vote of thosewho feel worse the day after a holiday than they did the day before, heprobably could be elected. AtchisonGlobe.Kill More Than Wild Beasts.The number of people killed yearlyby wild beasts don't approach thevast number killed by disease germs.No life is safe from their attacks.They're in air, water, dust, even foodBut grand protection is afforded byElectric Bitters, which destroy and expel these deadly disease germs fromthe system. That's why chills, feveraud ague, all malarial and many blooddiseases yield promptly to this wonderful blood purifier. Try them andenjoy the glorious health and newstrength they'll give you. Money backf not satisfied. 25c at Oberdorfer's.Obstinacy."Why in the world did you ma!:that formal application to have youisalary cut?" "Because," replied themeek yet obstinate man, "I wanted tcbe sure of having my own way aboutsomething."Thirty, Years Together.Thirty years of association, thinkof it. How the meiitof a good thingstands out in that time or the worthlessness of a bad one. So there's noguesswork in this evidence of Thos.Ariss, Concord, Mich., who writes:"I have used Dr. King's New Discovery for 30 years, and its the bestcough and cold cure 1 ever used."Once it finds entrance in a home youcan't pry it out. Many families haveused it forty years. It's the most infallible throat and lung medicine onearth. Unequaled for lagrippe, asthma, hay fever, croup, quinsy, or soielungs. Price 50c and $1. Trial bottlefree. Guaranteed by Oberdovfer.Must Be Either Good or Bad."A man's mind may be likened to agarden, which may be intelligentlycultivated, or allowed to run wild;but whether cultivated or neglected,It must, and will bring forth. If nouseful seeds are put into it, then anabundance of useless weed-seeds Tvillfall therein, and will continue to produce their kind" James Allen.Parson's Poem a Gem.Jjrom Kev. 11. Stdbenvoll, Allison,la. . in praise of Dr. King's New LifePills:''They're such a health necessity.In every home these pills should te.If other kinds you've tried in vain,USE DR. KING'SAnd be well again,Only 25c at Oberdorfer's.Mrs. Blunderby Talks.Mrs. Blunderby (visiting) Yes,poor Jane, she recognizes no one.She's been in a catamose conditionfor two days. My dear, bring me acup of tea, will you? I prefer Oblong,If you have it. Boston TranscriptProof Positive."The people next door seem anxious to be friendly. "How did youget that idea?" "They have bustedtheir phonograph." Houston PostTk i r c c1 i r 2Paris, KentuckyFARMING IMPLEMENTSOF ALL KINDUT0M0BILBourbon Oarage & SupplyCor. 4th and High Sreets,Paris, KentuckyProfessional CardsJ J. WILLIAMS,. ATTORNE Y-AT-L AW .itoom 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones) eD . , ( E. T. 334.Residence TT ooDR. A. H KELL.ER,Practicing Physician,Offices,Rooms 4 and o, Elk's Bld'gParis, ... - KentuckyMONEYsagFURSYe tell vouhow. and oav best marketprices. We are dealers; eslablishedin 18T)C; and can do BETTER for youman agents or commission merchants. References any bank in Ipuisville. Write for weekly price list.IV). SABEL & SONS227-29-31 &33 E. Market St., LOUISVILLE, KY.Dealers in FURS, HIDES, WOOL.STILL AT IT!January Clearance SaleIn Dry Goods, Cloaks, Suits,Furs and MillineryNow Going On.Come In Wonderful BargainsIn AH DepartmentsTWIN BROS.Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, Kentuckyin ijTiargoien s.The Best ofHome-KilledMeats,Bacon, Lard, Ham,Beef, Pork, Etc.mmmmMargolen,Paris, Ky.One of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are ShowingA moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.lien anKcto I withPRse do iit wsin yourImrd-eurmtl moiu-v andvalual.la rime c-xiht-inennutfwith uncerl.uatreatments, butmoney, time and mi! Vrlaff. :v"u i jk "f 2cau ra t t-ny ... f.,j ia,,r 3mi. lov cr ilmt-w u; Au; r J-SteW YOU SHPSra IbTT I"hiIi,-P " I-" -5Jm rtSthe twttuent f ..v,,,,,, (,...,0.3 A;Dlh::,r',cto"ratw-ri1 'it GO,,Ml531 Walnut St., ClAcicuati, O.t-jajjuwu-gNOTICEFOR RENT.' Store room on South-west cornerMain and Fifth streets. Immediatepossession. AddIv toi 16 tf J. T. HTN'rnwTOBUTCHERS AND FARMERS!Market Price I am! Paying ForHides:Beef Hides, 10 1-4 to 11 1-2Cents per lb.MAX MUNICK,8th Street, PARI3, KY.Call Easfe-T4erm. Phone 374Hot andColdBATHS'Hot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits.. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.SPECIALNEW ORLEANSMOBILEMARDl G R ASREDUCED FARESTicKets on salt February 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18 and 19G. od Ittnrafng tmtil March 2, 1912, with Mvilfge of IxttisioaSTOPOVERS AT ALL PRINCIPAL POINTSn m FOB FULL PARTICULARS, GALL ON M TICKET AGENT, 0 WRITEH. C. KING, w. A. BECKEER,Passenger and Ticket Agent, General Passenger Agtnt,Phone 49. 101 E. Main Street, Lexington. Ky. IngaMg BaJMfny, ClnckMiati. OTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. ,30 191 2.TOBACCOHAULING.....We are prepared to haulTobacco to the markets atany point. No crop toolarge. We can furnish teamsand wagons.TRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTEN BROS.Eighth Street Both Phones.The fastest Son of Alferton 2:09 yiSived by Allertoh 2:09,,', the world's leading sire of standard performers;dam Katharina (great brood mare), by Alcyone 2:27; second dam KatieJackson; by Almont 33. Holder of world's pacing record, iy miles, 3:loX.TERMS: $50 TO iNSURc A LIVING FOALillSon of Peter Theleading sire of futurity winners, dam Baron Lassie, by Baron Wilkes 2:18.Winner of 6-heafc race against aged horses.Terms: $50 to insure a Living foa!.im . myzrSHOEOur new Fall line in all leathersPatent Colt, Russia Calf and GunMetal, now ready for inspection.Geo. IVTWIIams,L. & N. TIME-TAEBLIN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.TrainsNo.FROM34134297104037312332625913S38539308321431Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5.21 amLexington. Ky., Daily 4.34amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '. 8.12 amCincinnati, O., Dsily 9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 10.20 amLexington, Ky,, Daily ...10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmLexington, Kv.. Daily 3.34 pmKnoxville,Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pmMavsville, Ky., Daily 5.25 pmCincinnati, O . Daily Except Sunday o.40 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6,03 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.03 amJacksonville, Fla.. Daily 6 05 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 10.45 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:5.0 pmTrains DepartNo.3i429401013737331336262538TO iCincinnati. 0., Daily 5.28 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday o.3o amLexington, Ky., Dailv Except Sunday 7.47 amCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 amLexington, Ky., Daily 9.57 amKnoxville, Tenn., Daily -9.oo amJacksonville, Fla., Daily...., 10-24 amLexington, Ky., Daily 10.27 amMaysville, K., Daily J2.0d pmCvnthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.04 amT ormtrfnti TTv. "Dflilv Excent Sunday pmCincinnati. O., Daily9 Rowland, Ky., Daily except ounaay o.o Puj39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday .o.o7 pm32 Cincinnati, O. , Daily - , pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.15 pm13 Lexington, Ky., Daily yA'-': ? on Dm30 Cynthiana, Kv., Daily Except Sunday .6.25 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.5o pm13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10-' PmJE. dh O- TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trains ArriveN0 FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. . ; 40 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday b.50 pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10. 0(J pmTrains DepartNo T0 '161 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only 7.10 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday -, 7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. ........ :,. . y-,-9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky, Daily Except Sunday. ........... ..... . . . . . . .5.62 amCement For Sale-We have a few barrels of first classcement left that we will sell below themarket price.PARIS LUMBER & WF'G. CO.To My Friends and HomePeople:I have started a Magazine andNewspaper Agency. Lowestprices on all Magazines in circulation. I ask for your ordersand help in getting them fromyour friends.Sincerely,Mrs. Rosa V. Waflingford.(3)2211 4Great 2:07,CLr. A. BACON, Paris, Ky.33oryearsettletonhave Stood fortrueeconomy to the manof moderate means;and to the man ofwealth, the best thatmoney could buy. Weare sole agents forParis.A.rrirsreA0 pmThe Poolof FlameByLOUIS JOSEPH VANCEIllustrations by Ellsworth YoungCopyright 1909, by Louis Joseph VanceSYNOPSIS.CHAPTER I. The story opens atilonte Carlo with Col. Terence O'Rourkein his hotel. O'Rourke, a military freelance and something of a gambler, isdressing for appearance in the restaurantbelow when the sound of a girlish voicesinging attracts his attention. Leaningout on the balcony he sees a beautifulgirl who suddenly disappears. He rushesto the corridor to see a neatly gownedform enter the elevator and pass fromsight.CHAPTER II.-O'Rourke's mind isfilled with thoughts of the girl, and whenhe goes to the gaming table he -allows hisremarkable winnings to accumulate indifferently. He notices two men watching him. One is the Hon. Bertie Glynn,while his companion is Viscount DeaTrebes, a noted duelist. "When O'Rourkeleaves the table the viscount tells him herepresents the French government andthat he has been directed to O'Rourke asa man who would undertake a secretmission.CHAPTER III. At his room O'Rourke.who had agreed to undertake the mission,awaits the viscount. O'Rourke finds amysterious letter in his apartment. Theviscount arrives, hands a sealed packageto O'Rourke, who is not to open it untilon the ocean. He says the French government will pay O'Rourke 25,000 francsfor his services. A pair of dainty slippers are seen protruding from under adoorway curtain and the viscount chargesO'Rourke with having a spy secretedthere.CHAPTER IV. "When the Irishmangoes to his room he finds there the owner of the mysterious feet. It is his wife,Beatrix, from whom he had run away ayear previous. They are reconciled, andopening the letter he had received, hefinds that a law firm in Rangoon, India,offers him 100,000 pounds for an Indian.iewel known as the Pool of Flame andleft to him by a dying friend. O'Rourketells his wife that it is in the keepingof a friend named Chambret in Algeria.CHAPTER V. O'Rourke is forced tofight a duel with the viscount. The braggart nobleman is worsted in the combatand acts the poltroon.CHAPTER VT. The loyal wife bid3O'Rourke farewell and he promises tosoon return with the reward offered forthe Pool of Flamei He discovers bothGlynn and the visrount on board theship which takes him to Algeria.CHAPTER VII. Chambret has left Algeria and O'Rourke has to gain a military detachment going across the desertto reach his friend. As he finds the latterthere is an attack by bandits andChambret is shot.CHAPTER VIIL Chambret dies tellinffO'Rourke that he has left the Pool ofFlame with the governor general of Algeria. He gives the colonel a signet ringat the sight of which he says the officialwill deliver over the jewel.CHAPTER IX. O'Rourke Is attackedby Glynn and the viscount who ransackhis luggage, but he worsts them in theconflict.CHAPTER X. When he arrives at Algeria the Irishman finds the governorgeneral away. He receives a note fromDes Trebes making a mysterious appointment. -CHAPTER XL Tho viscount tellsO'Rourke that he has gained possessionof the jewel by stealing it from the safeof the governor general. He does not,however, know who has offered the reward for it. He suggests a duel withrapiers, the victor to get that informationand the jewel.CHAPTER XIL-Tn the duel O'Rourkemasters his adversary and secures possession of the Pool of Flame.CHAPTER XIII. The efforts ofO'Rourke are now directed toward speedily getting to Rangoon with the jeweland he starts by ship.CHAPTER XIV.-He finds the captainof the vessel to be a smuggler who triesto steal the iewel from him.But as he breathed this benedictionthe iron door swung inwards and hestumbled across the threshold, halffainting, hardly conscious that he haddone more than pass from open nightto the night of' an enclosed space. Hisfoot caught on some obstruction andhe went to his knees with a cry thatwas a cross between a sob and agroan; and incontinently fell fulllength upon an earthen floor, his headpillowed on his arm, panting as if hisheart would break.In the darkness above him someonecried aloud, a startled cry, and thenthe door was thrust to with a clangand rattle of bolts. A match raspedExhausted as He Was, the IrishmanStruggled With Little Skill.loudly and a flicker of light leapedfrom a small hand lamp and revealedto its bearer the fagged and quiveringfigure on the floor.Some one sat down beside him witha low exclamation of solicitude andgathered his head into her lap. Someone quite simply enfolded his neck.with soft arms and. pressed his headtoJherbospmt and as if that were notenougn, Kissed him full and long uponhis lips."My dear! My dear!" she murmuredin French. "What has happened, O,"what has happened? , My poor, poorboy!"Now the integral madness of all thiswas as effectual in restoring O'Rourketo partial consciousness as had beena douche of cold water in his face.Blankly he told himself that he wasdamned, and that it was all a dream.And yet, when he looked, it was tosee, dim in the feeble glimmer of thelamp, the face of a woman as beautiful as young, as young as beautiful.One glance was enough. O'Rourkeshut his eyes again. "If I look toolong," he assured himself, "she'll vanish or or turn into a fiend. Sure, 'tisa judgment upon me! Too long haveI been an amorous dram-drinker; thiswill undoubtedly be the delirium-tre-mensof love!"And with that he passed quietly intotemporary unconsciousness.CHAPTER XV.He opened his eyes again, alone onthe cool, damp, earthen floor, but assured that the feminine element in hisadventure had been no hallucination,after all; for he could see the girlstanding a little to one side and looking down upon him, her face so deepin shadow that he could gather nothing from its expression, whether itwere of displeasure or of perplexity.From this and that, however, he deduced that she, discovering herselflavishing endearments on the wrongman, was not utterly delighted withthe situation. The circumstances taken into consideration, such a state ofInind he thought not unreasonable;and being now to some extent recovered, he saw no profit in making hersuffer more. So with a show offaintness not wholly assumed, herolled his head to one side, openingwide his eyes and looked the womanin the face, inquiring with his faint,thin brogue: ''"What's this, now, medear?"The girl's face darkened. She shooklier head impatiently. "I have no English," she told him in excellent French."Who are you? Why do you comehere? You are not Danny!""Oho!" commented O'Rourke knowingly, "and that's the explanation, isit?" He sat up, embracing his kneesand drawing a rueful face. "Faith, medear," he admitted, "I concede ye thebest of the argument, thus far. I amnot Danny 'tis true as Gospel."She frowned. "Then what are youdcing here, monsieur? How did youlearn who told you the signal?""Faith, from no less a person thanDanny Mahone himself. He showedme the way and bade me knock butniver a word said he of yourself, medear.""Monsieur doe's not recall that I admitted him?" she persisted, but witha lightening face, "nor anything thathappened thereafter?""Not the least in the world. Whatdid happen, now?"But she flanked that embarrassingquestion adroitly, evidently much relieved by O'Rourke's reassurance.Which was just what he wished herframe of mind to be. "Nothing thatmatters," she replied, continuing toemploy the French tongue, and thatvery prettily, with a fetching little accent. "I think you fainted. Then butyou know my Danny?""Your Danny!" said O'Rourke, hismood quizzical. "None better, me dear.I've known him since he was so high,or thereabouts." And he held a palmsome six inches or so above the floor."And he he brought you here?""Who else? How else would I beknowing the signal? Ye see, there wasa bit of a shindig down the street andme in the middle thereof and gettingall the worst of it if ye must knowwhen along comes Danny and lendsme a hand and whips me off here andsays he'll be back in a moment. He'lltell ye the details himself; but I"he eyed her quizzically "would nowask ye to overlook the unceremoniousmanner of me entrance and a certainlack of dignity as to me attire, whichI beg ye to believe is not me ordinaryevening dress, and and faith! methroat is baked entirely, if me clothesare not. May I ask for a drink atmademoiselle's fair hands?"He was on his feet now and enjoying the situation hugely. "And 'tisthe Irish eye for beauty Danny has!"he told himself. "I commend his taste,the rogue!"For the girl was exceedingly fair tosee; slender and straight and girlishand sweet; isfQreek, if he were tojudge of her features and her dress,and in that odd light, with perturbation in her pose, a smile half-perplexedtrembling on her lips (because ofO'Rourke's conceit) and the shadow ofanxiety clouding her eyes, she made acharming picture indeed.She was quick to grant his request."Danny will explain," she agreed withconviction. "This way, then, if youplease, monsieur, and" as they passedthrough a low doorway "if you willhave the patience to wait here, I willfetch wine."She smiled enchantingly, droppedhim a bewitching little courtesy witha deference evoked, no doubt, by theman's subtle yet ineradicable air ofdistinction, and left him wholly captivated. "Bless her heart and prettyface!" he murmured, eyeing her re-i treating figure. " 'Tis Danny who's! the lucky dog . . . not that he'snot deserving.He reviewed his refuge summarily,discovering that he stood in one corner of a small courtyard, the centerof a hollow cube of masonry; a dwelling of two stories, round whose upperfloor ran an inner gallery to whichsteps led up from the court and fromwhich access was to be had to the liv!ing rooms all aark and silent.In the center of the courtyard alittle fountain tinkled, a tiny jet ofwater rising from the central uprightof stone to spray the black, star-smittenpool beneath. There was a littleplot of grass, likewise, with flowersgenerous of their cordial perfume.The girl came silently out from theshadows beneath the gallery, bringinghim a cup and a jar of earthenwarebrimming with wine.He accepted the service with a bow."Mademoiselle is as kind as she isbeautiful!" said he, and with the appreciation of a connoisseur firstwatched her blush, then drained thejug to its last drop and felt the grateful fluid grapple with his fatigue, temper it, and send new strength leapingthrough" his veins. "And as good, I'msure, as she is kind," he added; and"Ah!" he sighed, resuming his seatbut rising again, and quickly, as asecond summons clanged upon theiron door and sent the girl flying towards the rear of the house.. "That will be Danny now,"O'Rourke opined as she swept pasthim.She murmured a response he didnot clearly catch. "What's that?" hecalled after her."Or, possibly," she repeated, pausingat the entrance to the rear chamber,"it may be Monsieur the CaptainHole!""The divvie!" cried O'Rourke, andwas on his feet in a twinkling, casting about him for a weapon. "Thatcan't be "Nothing offered itself suitable eitherfor offense or defense, save and exceptthe jug he had been drinking from,and the Irishman was weighing thisthoughtfully with a definite intentionof hurling it at Captain Hole's head,if indeed he had heard aright, whenthe entrance of quite another personrelieved his mind, however temporarily. It was Danny, plainly enough; Danny, the same as of old, with his halfsheepish, half-impudent grin and hisshock of flaming hair, his upper lipthat was long even for an Irish boy's,his, roving and twinkling blue eyes,his tip-tilted nose, his short, sturdyphysique."Faith," said O'Rourke, "the godsare not so unkind after all! 'Tis aswelcome as the shadow of a great rockin a weary land, the sight of ye,Danny!" And "Danny!" he observedwith some severity, "I'll ask ye to explain what the divvie at all ye're doing here."Danny's assurance deserted him onthe instant. He had done his formermaster a signal service that night, butin his estimation nothing more thanwas due the O'Rourke. Whatever hefelt, he looked to perfection a boycaught at mischief hanging his headand eyeing O'Rourke under his brows,shamefaced and ill at ease."Aw!" he deprecated, "sure, now,yer honor, now ""Danny," demanded O'Rourke sternly, "does Miss Cleopatra here understand English?""Divvie a word!" the ex-valet protested earnestly. "Beyond Greek andFrench and Arabic, sure, she's ignorant as Paddy's pig!"So much was plainly evident fromthe girl's manner and expression ofpuzzlement. Reassured, O'Rourke proceeded:"'Tis good hearing. Faith, if shunderstood the King's English, 'tisme hair she would be tearing out bjthe roots in one minute. Danny, 1gather that the lady is be way of liking ye more than ye deserve. Is itin love with you she is?"Danny stole a sidelong glance at thegirl. "Beggin' yer honor's pardon," hestammered, "and I belave she is that.""Umm!" snorted O'Rourke. "Andwhat, if ye please, about poor AnnieBragin, at home? Is it marrying aGreek ye would be, and leaving poorAnnie to cry her eyes out for ye, yeworthless scut?""Divvie a bit, respects to yer honor! Sure, 'tis only for amusement ""And who may she be, that ye makeso free to amuse yourself with her?""The daughter av me partner, yerhonor, Noccovie, the Greek tobaccymerchant.""This will be his house, then?""No, sir, but a a sort av a storehouse, in a way av speaking. 'Tis jist'round th' corner they do be livin' ina gran' foine house, sir.""Then what's the young lady doingheis?""Waiting for me to take her place,sir. Noccovie is away and and," ina blurted confession, "'tis a bit ofhashish smuggling we be doing on theside. The stuff is always broughthere, sor; and tonight's the night aconsignment's due.""Ah-h!" observed O'Rourke darkly.One by one, it seemed, he was gathering the trumps again into his ownhand. He resumed his catechism ofthe boy."Danny, is this the way a decentman should be behaving himself?" hebrowbeat him. "Is it your mother'sson and the sweetheart of AnnieBragin that's become no more than anidle breaker of hearts? Danny. Danny, what would Father Malachi besaying if he could hear what ye'vejust told me? Whin, boy, did ye confess last?"Danny cowered. "Aw, dear!" hewhimpered. "Aw, dearie-dear! Andmeself meant no harm at all!""Thin take your light-o'-love home,Danny, and come back to me here atonce with a change of clothes!""Yiss, yer honor. I'll do that, yerhonor. But will ye hark for the signalat the door and let Cap'n Hole in?"It was true, then!"I will. But see that ye don't for-o-f t-i n'rt.mefQ of nlnfhoa "nnnnv. and !don't be lingering too long over yourfond farewells with the lady, if ye're '.not looking for a hiding, and-Danny!""Yis, sor?""Have ye a revolver?""Here, sor.""Give it here, and bring- anotherback with ye. Lively, now!"Alone, O'Rourke seated himself oithe edge of the fountain and considered gravely the uncertainties cf life"'Tis fate," he concluded soberly, at!length. "And 'tis hard upon elevennow. They will not dare to run thatcargo before midnight; and meselfsorely needs a bath."Deliberately he stripped off rags and.tatters and plunged into the fountain,Danny was , back with the promisedwearing apparel ere he had finishedsplashing.And while O'Rourke dressed, and forlong thereafter, the two sat andsmoked and confabulated, talked ofMen and Things and the turn' of the?Wheel of the World.CHAPTER XVI.At midnight the muezzin in a neighboring minaret turned his face to thewindswept sky and summoned thefaithful to prayer and meditation.O'Rourke pulled thoughtfully at hispipe until the musical, melancholywail had been whipped away by thebreath of the khamsin, and there wassilence save for the dull, heavy roaring overhead. Then he resumed the'conversation where it had bean interrupted. "And ye say ye love the young woman, Danny?""I do that, yer honor.""And ye would marry her?""Wid yer honor's consint I'm ready,,sor.""I bless the banns. Ye may haveher on one condition.""Aw-w?""I've need of ye, as I've pointed,out""Sure, yer honor knows ye can counton me to the last breath in me, sor-""Ttfen ye'll come with me to Burmah?" "Do you think, sor, I could slape ofnights, after hearin' from your ownlips what ye've been through and suspectin' what more ye must go through;with before ye've won? Will I becomin', is ut? Faith, I'll go whetherye want me or not.""And afterwards ye can come backto Miss Psyche here, or whatever hername may be.""Yiss, yer honor, and thank ye kindly." . . . Abruptly Danny startedup. "They'll be comin' now, sor," hesaid in an excited whisper. "I'm thinkin' I hear thim blundherihg down thealley."f Continued in our NextLuxury In Cigars.The Rothschilds smoke the mostcostly cigars that are made theHenry Clay Sobranos which cost$1.50 each. These are wrapped ingold leaf and packed in little inlaidcedar wood cabinets.Railroad Wrecks.The tragic deaths of furmer president J. jT. Harahan, of the IllinoisCentral, and three other high railroadofficials at Kinmundy, 111., againillustrates the small regard Americanrailroads have for human lives compared to other nations. The number ofpassengers killed in ttiis country in1908 was 301 ; in 1909 the number was253, ana in 1910 the number arose to421. These figures are for passengersalone, and do not include trainmen andother epmloyes, among whom tbefatalities annually reach into the thousands. 2 Against this slaughter of Americanranlrcad passengers the British railroads Jn 1910 killed only 23 passengers,a number greatly in excess of theaverage. In 1911 not a single passenger was killed in a wreck in England.That these wholesale deaths are notnecessary in this country is proven bythe fact that one of the big Easternroads, for the last two years has usednothing, but solid steel coaches, duringwhich time not a single passenger hasbeen killed on that road.uisionkeeps childrenhealthful and happy.Give them a few drops ofthis strengthening-food-medicineevery day andwatch them grow.IT PREVENTSCroupWhooping - CoughBronchitisLoss of Fleshand many other troublesALL DRUGGISTS11-153 cm'14 , , t -'"V ''Zf''''':THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 30, 1912fa(it .m1 l'lmIti a iMrillt.MII1811151ITiFACTORYCLEARANCES R L E I- -Saturday, January 20th,At 8 O'CIock, p. m., We Opened Our Doors With aSale That Eclipse Anything Ever BeforeAttempted in Paris.Several large Eastern manufacturers, anticipating arecord-breaking holiday trade, stocked heavily so as totake care of "hurry orders." The unseasonable weatherand the lack of snow in December, throughout the entirecountry, affected the Shoe industry more than other lines,and "hurry orders" were few and far between. Ourbuyers, always on the spot, finally induced them, owingto our immense outlet, to consign these goods to DanCohen to be converted into ready money.if You Value Money, It You Value Shoe Comfort, and- If You Value Style, We Advise YouTo ComeOne Lot Ladies' $1 .75 andGun Metal and Kid, buttonSate PriceLadies' $1.25 Congress Slippers, made SQ ji.of soft Kid, tip or plain toe, Safe PriceLadies' 60c Storm RubbersSale PriceOne Lot of Ladies' $2.50some of the latest style 1 6Boots, in Gun Metal andReduced toOne Lot Ladies' new style 16-Button Boots, madern Tan, Gun Metal, Patent Colt and f JkVelvet, $3.50 value, Reduced to 9h4Z7Misses' $2 and $2.25 values in Patent Colt, GunMetal, aud Kid, button andReducecJ to ..150 pairs Misses' $1.25 tovalues, at TGrown Girls' high 1 6-ButtonMetal, school heels, $2.50Reduced toBoys' and Youths' Box Calf Shoes, allsizes, 1 1 -2 to 5 1 -2, Sale PriceOne Lot Boys' $2.00 Box,sizes, high cuts included,Sale Price .:One Lot Infant's Soft Soles,Misses' Storm Rubbers, atOne LotMen's Tan and Black, heavy E4 tHigh Cuts, $3 value, Reduced to 9 IOne Lot Men's $2 and $2.50 Shoes, fl"fl JfkCkbroken sizes, Reduced to mV&One Lot Men's Patent$4.00 values,Reduced toOne Lot Men's 3-Buckle AllArctics, $3.50 value, at ,Onk Lot Men's Cloth BuckleArctics, atOne Lot Men's Patent $4 WalkOver Shoes, Reduced toOne Lot Men's Patent Shoes, broken sizes, Q QC$2.00 to $3.00 values, atDAN COHEN,g 336 Main St., Paris, Ky.JttlLLERSBURG ITEMS.I Kev.'W. A. Swift was in LexingtonFnursday.Mr. R. M. Rice, rof f Paris, was theet of his sister-in-law, Mrs. FannieNorton, Thursday.Elder Smith, who preached at theChristian church Sunday morning andtening, January 21, has been called asAt Once.$2 values in Patent CoSt,and lace,39cand $2.75 vaiucs includes- ButtonPatent,$1.99lace, Jt$1.75Boots Patent and Gunvalues,Calf Shoes, some odd1 IUJj ovinia uuu$1.4925c value, at 9c39cand Gun Metal Shoes,Mil IIICIUI tJIIUCi$2.99- Rubber tfr$3.19pastor and will enter on his dutiesSunday. His family will come in afew weeks from Texas.Dante's "Inferno" in moving pictures was put on at tne opera houseFriday eveoning. A good sized audience witnessed the production.A small blaze was discovered in theelectric power house Friday nightabout 11 o'clock. The east end of thebuilding was damaged to the extent of99Truly and widely representative of the city's automobile industry arethe seven members of the Cincinnati Automobile Dealers' Association, whoare pictured above, as committee-in-chargc of the annual auto show to be' eld in Music Hall d iring the week of Washington's Birthday, February19-21 inclusive, with three days to follow in the succeeding week for displayof commercial vehicles only.Centering the group above is president of the Association, EdwardHerschede, of the Herschede Jewelry & Motor Car Companies.Grouped about him, by number, are: J. Robert C. Crowthers, of theR. C. Crowthers Co. ; 2. H. S. Leyman, of the Leyman-Buick Co. ; 3.George Behlen, of the Charles Behlen Sons; 5. Frank H. Miller, of GeorgeC. Miller Sons; 6. W. G. Welbon, of the Olds-Oakland: 7. E. A. Kruse, ofof the Kruse Motor Car Co.Unselfishly this septet are giving of their time and money to the one endthat the middle west shall have an exhibit of. motor cars worthy of its conconstituency, and every prospect is that they are to be rewarded with alavish out-pouring on part of an interested public, not only from Cincinnatiherself, but notably from the sections lying on her border.Every inducement to attendance will be at the show ; interesting andvaluable displays ; splendid music; superior facilities for refreshment of bothliquid and solid kind and finally a decorative setting so unique thatMusic Hall is to 1j2 transformed into a veritable cozy corner of warm andglowing beauty.A large number of persons of this city have already signified their intention of paying a vHt to Cincinnati for one of more days during the progressof this coming automobile show.S100. The fire wrs caused from the Laymen's Conference in Sesheat from the exhaust pipe. ,i sion Today,Mr. H. B. Jett, of Jackscn, enteredhis son in M. M. 1. yesterday. fne Laymen s Conference of rJbenez-.T T . . . n ... j er Presbytery will begin its sessionMrs. Leslie Shrout, of Owingsville. this morning at 10 o'clock. The conis the guests of her parents, Mr. - and ference will be held in the PresbyterMrs. J. H. Carpenter. jan church. The afternoon session willMr. and Mrs. W. V. Shaw were begin at 2 o'clock this afternoon andguests of Mr. and Mrs, H. K. Shaw, J at 6 :30 an elaborate banquet will beof Menton, from Saturday till Monday, held in the basement of the church., . , r. i- rhe Prsram will -conclude with theMr. R. O. Ghambets, at Sardis, was j evening session which will convene atthe guest of his sonand daughter, Mr. eight o'clock. A cordial invitation isand Mrs. R. M. Johnson, from Satur- extended to all to attend these sessionsday till Monday. ! with the exception of the banquetATTENTON FARMERS Every' which is tendered to the - Laymen andfarmer should own a tarpaulin ; we officers of the church. Following iskeep them in stock. Both phones 22. j tn,e Program:PEALE COLLER & CO. 1 Devotional exercises, Rev. R. S.Sanders.Ihe slaughter house of Mr. CD. 0 n,i, c wi i r -Tackett was broken into Friday night ! jFnnZtnnt pIJ'T nth?urpAe. i u:,j n-i.. n.:- of Conference, Rev. B. m. bhive. D.and one beef hide taken. The thief orthieves have not yet been apprehended.Mr. ar,d Mrs. J. W. Bouldc-n, 0f '4-Conference Sermon, "The HealthyMaysville, was here from Saturday toifa"- Eccle. 12:12, 13, Rev. HenryMonday to attend the funeral of Mr. j H- sweets, D. D.Jo? Dennington, which took place Sun- j AFTERNOON -2 O'CLOCKa," . . , I 5 "The Assembly's Every Member1 he following are among the number Canvass Plan, and How to Work It,"who started tobacco from here to Lex- Rev Henry H Sweets D Dington yesterday : Chas. Martin, 3. 6-"The Effect on' the ' Average, x U,1'CF e z Joaas;W. D. Mclntrye, 2 loads; J. O. Robin-son and JJ reeu, jne each. Theloads averagedeach.about 5,000 pounds jIde Herrington, aged 23, died at thehome of his father. Mr. 0nnr Herring.ton, Saturday at eight o'clock p. m. i IUV c , , . . mafter a several weeks' illness of d Should There be 1 wo Traesurers.typhoid pneumonia. The funeral was ! ? is Pbf Honorable or Disgraceheld at the grave in the Millersburg ful, Helpful or Injurious to the Workcemetery yesterday morning at 11 oih.e h1".0- 0 . T,o'clock i f Is the Tithe Still in I? orce. If So,! in What Way.Mrs. Hannibal A. Wi:liams, a noted S Concrete Cases, Showing How thereader, will give a Shakespearian Vlan Works,reading at M. F. C. chapel this even-' 8 Resolutions.ing at 7:30. She will lead the popular i 9 "At Your Own Door," Prof. C.play "As iTou Like It." Mrs. Wil-'. G. Crooks.h'anib comes highly recommended and; 6:30 P. M. BANQUET IN BASEis indeed an artist. Everyone should) MENT.avail themselves of the opportunity of j 10 Toastmaster, Hon. E. M. Dickhearing her. Reserved seats 35 cents, 1 sen.genelral admission 25 cents. Tickets j a' Toast, "The Deacon's Part in theon sale at the .college and Waddell's Assembly's Plan. " Rev. S. M. Loeran.drug store.Mr. James Dunnington, aged about70 years, died at his home near ColvilleFriday night after a lingering illness,for a number of years he owned andresided on the farm now owned andoccupied by Mr. J. C. Layson. Abouttwenty-five years ago hb moved to ,thehome where he died. He was a bachelor and is survived by one brother,Mr. John Dunnington, who residedwith him. The funeral took placeSunday afternoon at 2 o'clock at thePresbyterian church. Services by Rev.R. S. Sanders. Interement in Millersburg cemetery. iWon Bronze Turkey Premiums.error occurred in the news item people refuse to pay ; a year ago thepublished! last week of the premium court ordered the County Judge ?ndawards made at the Louisville poultry ; Fiscal Court before him on a chargeshow. The News stated that Talbott of contempt because they employed a& Gaitskill, of Austerhtz, won all the special collector to collect countyprizes on Bronze turkeys. We ar in- - taxes. The bond holders feel that theyformed that Mrs. Walter Kenney took ! will get their money, while the taxhist premium on cockrel and second 'payers doubt if there is anybody withand third premiums on pullets. u authority to collect even county tsxes.D.3 Enrollment of Delegates andOrganization.church of Adopting the Assemblv'sPlan," Rev. Carey F. Moore.7 Kound ladle Conference:a Defects in the Old System ofChurch Finance,b How Many Canvasses and When,c Importance of the. Waelv Offer-b Toast by Dr. Lyons.8 P. M., IN AUDTORUM.11 "Home Missions," Rev. HomerMcMillan, D. D.12 "Presbyterian Men," Rev. J. S.Lyons, D. D.13 Resolutions and General Discussion. 14 BenedictionSad State ol Affairs.Years ago Green county Issued bondsto build a railroad. The bonds weresold but have never been paid. TheFederal Court has given judgment forthe full amount, and for years thesheriffs have resigned as fast as elected, because the cuurfc has ordered taxe3fn nflv t.hnsp. hnnris p.nllpptprl and fhp(Continued From Page 1)the time for holding the congressionalprimary and declaring that "the saidaction as for the purpose of preventing and stifling a lair expression ofthe wishes of the people, and with thesule purpose of imposing upon theDemocracy the nomination of J. Campbell Cantrill, who now misrepresentsthe halls of Congress a proud constituency, and whom we believe to beutterly unfit Morally and politicallylonger to hold this exalted "position."The resolutions urge and insist thatthe Democratic State Executive Committee shall take steps to restore tothe Democratic voters of the districtthier rights as fre men and to aid inoverthrowing a machine which has already done the party incalculableharm, and which will ultimately rushthe party to destruction unless interfered with.The meeting was presided over byWilliam D. Jesse, County Attorney,and was attended by one hundredDemocrats, including a number of theparty leaders in this county. The resolutions were adopted without a dissenting vote.Public Sale of Desirable Building Lots.On Saturday, Feb 1 O, '12, at 2p. m.3on the premises, I will sell to the highest and best bidder, the following described property, to-wit:Two building lots, fronting 4.4)4 feet each on Mt. Airy, Paris, Ky., anfextending back 217 feet.These lots adjoin the property o? Mrs. Henry Spears, and are excellentbuilding sites, being level, high ani dry, and have concrete pavements ii.front. They are in. a good neighborhood, convenient to the business pars oftown, and are the most desiraole building lots on -the market, and anyon.desiring to purchase a home site should attend this sale.One lot fronting 85 feet on Stoner avenue and expending back betweenrarallel lines to creek. It has a two story brick building, suitable 'or a business house or wareroom.TERMS One-third cash, balance in two equal pavments, due in one anr?two years. GEO. . STUART.For further information call on Harris & Sp.eakes, Paris, Ky. Georg?D. Speakes, Auctioneer.PUBLIC SALStock and Farming ImplemenHaving decided to quit farmingwill sell onThursday, February 15, 1912at 10 o'clock at "Oakland Stock Farm," miles from Paris, on the CaneRidge pike the following stock and farm implements:HORSES, MULES, PONIES.1 pair chestnut draft mares, one infoal to jack and one to horse;1 pair red sorrel draft mares, in foalto horse;1 sorrel addle and harness mare infoal ;3 work muls, good ones ;1 2-year-old Percheron colt ;2 2-year-old harness colts ;1 2-year-old filly ;1 yearling filly :1 aged family horse ;1 pony gentle for lady or child todrive.CATTLE, HOGS, SHEEP.4 Jersey cows, 1 red cow ;1 black pole cow, will be freshof sale ;1 red cow, fresh by day of sale ;1 mountain cow, fresh by daydayofsale ;2 Jersey heifers, 1 yearling red bull,1 ypaiiing steer ;13 home raised yearling heifers,etxra good ;1 sow, will pig in March ;1 sow and 6 pigs, 1 sow and 10 pigs ;All my implements are good, having been used but one year.Sale rain or shine. Everything will be sold without reserve or by-bid.TERMS All snms under $25 cash, over that amount, six months ere aitwith negotiable note, bearing interest at 6 per cent, from date of sale.Do L. LEGGETT.G. O. Speakes, Auct. E. T. Phone 61 G4I0-Acre Tract ofATPUBLIAs Executor cf Chas. Hall, deceased, I will sell at public auction onthe premises, located five miles north-east of Georgetown, Ky. , on the Ammerman dirt road, a few hundred yards from the Newtown and Oxford turnpike, 1)4 miles from Oxford and 2)4 miles from3Newtown, onWednesday, Jan. 31, 1912, at 10 O'clock a. m.the farm of deceased, and containing 410 acres.This farm being located in the Blue Grass section of Kentucky has alimestone soil and is especially adapted to the production of tobacco, hemp,corn and such small grains as grown in this climate. It has on it three tenant houses with outbuildings, two tobacco barns, large enough to house 30acres or more of tobacco, is well fenced and well supplied with water fromsprings and ponds.All of the farm at present is in blue grass, timothy and clover withthe exception of about 100 acres, which is mostly in small grain. This.landall lays well and the peculiar favorable qualities of its soil makes it an idealtract of land for both agricultural and stock purposes.Prospective purchasers from a distance who desire to inspect the farmbefore day of sale may call on Auctioneer B. B. Peak at Georgdtown, or forfurther desired information may call or write the undersigned.Terms will be made known on day of sale and will be made to suit thepurchaser.j. ML HALL, Executor 5fof Chas. Hall, deceased'B. B. PEAK, Auctioneer.Suit on Unusual Ground.Attorney Reuben Hutchcraft, whoaccompanied Mr. Ford Brent toSeattle, Wash., a few weeks ago, aslegal adviser in a suit brought byBrent & Brother, of this city, againacthe Commission firm of Lillv andCompany, to secure a settlement for acarload of blue grass seed, won thesuit after a hard fight. The sum involved in the litigation amounts toseveral thousand dollars.The ground for the suit was that theParis firm was wrong in calculating abushel of grass seed, they claimingthat the seed shuuld be paid for on abasis of 14 pounds to the bushel whileLilly and Company contended thatthere was 21 pounds of seed to thebushel.Mr. Hutchcraft is the youngest attorney at the Paris bar, and is to becongratulatd upon his success.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclass barbers. 13 tfOFand engage in the poultry business, T1 sow and 5 pi gs ;20 shoats, will weigh about 65 lbs. ;21 shoats, will weigh about 100 pounds:40 sheep, extra good ones, will lambMarch 1.FARM IMPLEMENTS.1-A very wagon, good as new ;1 bay frame, 1 Deering binder ;1 Dering mower, 1 bull rake;2 check-rower corn planters. . 1Hoosier drill ;1 Bemus tobacco setter;1 riding breaking plow, 1 disc harrow ;1 douole disc harrow, 2 section harrow ;1 double A harrow ;4 two horse cultivators, 2 one horsecultivators ;4 breaking plows, 2 double shovelplows ;1 iron roller, 1 marker, 1 drag ;4 sets wagon harness;1 buggy and harness, good as new ;1 hog vat ;Double trees, single trees, hces,pitchforks, and many other things toonumerous to mention.Blue Grass, PARIS, KY.LaudSALEtit."V' -