.i-THE,-vNEWSVPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1912"V-- s 4' s-i-m j-ij).- "Hit ," - - t5 -Vr- "jBOURBONr Ti V ' - "? .vSCHOOL BOARD MEETSGrievances Presented to BodyWhich Considers Them Ber "- iFSor Il -t-Z IOnAIILOW SHOESBeginning This Week We Will Reduce all HANNAN and NETTLE-TON OXFORDS, and also Ladies'Pumps and oxfords.hind Closed Doors.aEXCLUDE NEWS REPORTER.Other Matters Settled Before theStar Chamber SessionBegins.We have a great many WHITE SHOES and PUMPSin Nubuck and Canvas that will be greatly reduced.These will be for CASH ONLY.IGEO. McWILLIAMS,Phones 301 The Shoe ManImmjpji'SfirFtk TX 'f'''r'",''''",'l'&"Zr!y' :552&5"aHAT AF A TMFHSPECIALS IBoiled Ham SfMinced Ham mDried Beef $Bologna . wImported Swiss Cheese zl qBrick Cheese ,Pimento Cheese r WNew York Cheese $- Water Melons and )(Cantaloupes on Icee JEWWBLUE RSBBON FLOUR ff25-!b Ssck SOc $50-f fc Sack $ 1 .60 $1 OO-ISb Sack $3.29 $T. C. LENIHAIN,Cash Grocery. KBoth Phones 234 tt& '"K''4m!JZ:J:iA(BN4 AaSt r3(4-!W SAt-M- 3fS. r-Sit aJi'i -SW -5fw w- jaw - -- jwv-fv '" -Wm?51B8$2Te"wFall Hats!mmHiS&f&LivryielH In all the latest colors and IR.... mtshapes, included areIEmiV&5.',!!"iy?iiVH&.asstmmmImported VelvetsBoys9 School Suits, Caps andOdd Pants.PRI6&&60.6l0tHier$mm''immms&51.PSfe &$&p and Furnishers p?The Board of Education of the cityof Paris met in regular session at thepublic sahool building last night. Themeeting was presided over by President Clifton Arnsparger and the following members of the Board werepresent: Messrs. Arnsparger, Lapsley, Rion, Eeuick and Clendenin.The most important matter to comebefore the board were complaints registered against the suspension ofMisses Edna Keller and Elsie Varden,who were denied admission to theschool for the coming session, for analleged violation of the'rule Jn effect,of leaving last year ( before " the termwas completed, and in view of the factthat each had received a grade fofmoer than 90 per cent, during thewhole year, and were exempt fromtests or examinations.The matter was laid before theooara in eacn case, the hrst comingthrough rhe mother of Miss Keller,while the case of Miss Varden wasstated by Mv. Renick, the board deferred action until all other businesshad beentransacted, when it went intoexecutive session after excluding fromthe meetng representative of theNews, the only spectator.At the opening of the meeting theminuteB of the last regular meetingand that of the special meeting heldon Au 27. tot consider the irregularities in the census report. The reportof Superintendent Chauman showed ,atotal enrollment at the school this season of Gol. of which 116 are in theHigh School. The committee on finances made its rreoort and the usualnumber of bills were allowed.President Arnsparger stated 'ha hadbeen in communication with State Superintendent of Public InstructionHarksdale Hamlet who stated in effcetthat he would be in Paris in the nearfuture to look into the census reportsas filed with him following the investigation conducted by two inspectorssent here from the department." 4A letter from the officials at Frankfort was read to the board, which wasto the effect that the guns now beingusedjnthe military department together with the equipment were recalled, and a representativp of theBoard will go to Farnkfort today inan effort to purchase the arms for usein the Paris school.As the News closed its report theBoard was still in executive session,having before-it the two grievances,and had not reached a decision ineither case.WE KNOW HOW"1fWwwiJC;wwwThe Who41adeTliemxFopYou"Kind of Clothes v. - :.They excite the flatteringcomment of your friendsthe homage men pay to styleand fit.Our Clothes have thatlook the expensive tailorlook and they cost no morethan ordinary clothes boughtelsewhere.Particularly seasonablestyles for fall wear. Tryone to-day.rU 'k-ft' -fi-it-Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.Bourbon Democrats to AttendRally.That Bourbon county will be wellzepresented at the State-wide ratification meeting to be held in Lexingtonon Thursday. Sept. 19, is shown" bythe unusual activity on the part of thelocal Democats looking to the grandevent, which will maik the launchingof the Democratic campaign in thisState.Bourbon Democrats are very muchenthused over the prosDect for one ofthe largest crowds that ever left thiscity to attend a political meeting andthe large delegation that is expectedto attend will go in the grandest style.The services of one of the local bandswill be secured and headed by this thedelegation expects to show well againstthe representatives of the other counties of the State.Special interurban car w.'ll be arranged for to carry the crowds to theneighborine city, and reduced rates willbe granted to those who wish to attend. The arrangements are in thehands of Sheriff A. S. Thompson, whowill give any information desired andrequests that all who think there is aprobability , of attending this grandDemocratic rally send their names 'tohim at once.Mitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to Menfmm WmmmmmWmmr JHUMB T T T mm mmmiwmmmwwwmwwmw mm mmmmwrnmrntibaasnBiniiiiiiiiuioixaaaznzi niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiriiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiuMiiiiiiiiiiimimiiiiiiriJS &1& BV. . -5FRANK & COSThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.i? 1Will Elect Officers Tomorrow.The incorporators of the PeoplesBank of Paris recently organized witha capital stock of 50,000, will meetSaturday afternoon and elect directorsand officers for the new institution.A lease for a term of five and onehalf years has been secured on theSchwartz building at the corner ofMain and Sixth streets, with a privilege of extending it six years longer,and workmen are now engaged in tearing out the interior preparatory tomaking extensive improvements whichare necessary in order to convert it into a banking room.While it is settled that Mr. SilasBedford, at present assistant cashierof the Bourbon Bank in this city, willbe selected as cashier of the new institution, the other officers for thebank have not been fully decided upon,although several prominent businessmen have been mentioned for the position of president.This together with the minor officeswill be filled at the meeting of the incorporators Saturday. The promotersexpect to have matters in such shaneas to be ready to open for business bythe first or middle of November.Any Linen Dress,Now $1.98Lingerie DressesNow $1.98 to $5.98 each'Values up to $20,100 Pairs ofLadies' Pumps and SlippersNow 50c a Pair4 . Ki .. ? -.if?' -n'trP 'We Are Showing New Fall Goods ,wSU,9SIn Every Department.INSPECTIONIINVITEDft cFRANK cSbTCParis, - - KentuckyaiiiifmmmimiLKHjyaMParis, Kentucky1i$mi0ffKftftKffSWHM'ffSSSSftftiH. ryA ,rTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 13 1912.i rUt .1tP0nMh .7Uit?hu ii1, 1jj1-'HME AS A FACTORIN STOCK FEEDINGWe hear much about a deficiency of''iisne In the soil and of the benefits tobe derived from thorough applications-of ground limestone upon acid soils,bnt vre hear much less about the status-of lime in a common feeding ration,writes W. A. Freehoff in the IowaHomestead. Stockmen will talk allIay of balanced rations, the necessityf having the proteins, the carbohydrates and the fats in just the right.proportions, but there is never a wordLbout calcium, the base of lime. Itvmay be due to the fact that a balancedideation may, whether we realize it or'not, have enough of all mineral elesinents required by the animal. Yet itis true that a balanced ration may-easily have a deficiency of minerals, to"the resulting detriment of the animaledLStockmen are familiar with the experiments now being carried on at the'Wisconsin station to determine thephosphorus requirements of differentanimals. These experiments are beting conducted not so much from thestandpoint of the practical feeder in-compiling rations as with the object todetermine the role of different ele-lsnents as they may be found in different grains.One of the experiments by the Wis- J-consin investigators is particularly in-1-eresting. A cow giving normallyPolander, the grade Jersey cowherewith shown, is owned by theMontana Agricultural college. InMay, 1911, she was started on ayear's test under Montana conditions with Montana grown feeds.Her feed during the year consistedof pasture, clover silage and cloverand alfalfa hay for roughage andbran, oats, shorts and barley forconcentrates. Her record for theyear was 1C.2S6 pounds of milk, containing S44.S pounds of butter fat,which would make 1,050 pounds ofSO per cent butter. ,' SLTom twenty-five to thirty pounds ofnilk was selected. She was fed a-balanced ration deficient in lime. Herifeed consisted of grains and oat strawcombined in such a manner that theproteins and carbohydrates were inproper proportions for milk produc-"tion. In fact, the cow was fed a rationcommon to many farms. Many mensrather than feed hay to their cows fill'them up on the cheaper straws and-stovers and balance the ration up asest they can with mill stuffs andfcgrains grown on the farm.This particular cow was kept at the--same ration for fifteen days. Duringhis time she continued to produce her-cisuel amount of milk and seemed toifce in perfect health. But when shewas examined at the end of the experiment it was discovered that one5?ourth of her skeleton u:ul gone intohe production of ini'k-thnt is, onefourth of the lime in the skeleton.MHad the experiment continued furtherhe cow would ceitair.ly have kept ontproducing normal milk, but .she would- liave so weakened her constitution as- ro have caused a final collapse. Thisv unarvelous trait of the cow or of any. animal, for that matter of drawing'upon her own body and frame to sup-ply deficiencies in the ration in order-to build up the skeleton of the youngnormally and to feed that young withinormal milk has been observed so of-tten as to make it a law.Now, if, instead of the oats straw,-clover or alfalfa had been included inv"the ration, the lime lost daily in themanure and the milk would have been- made np. All the legumes and most ofthe grasses contain much lime or cal. cium. The grains and mill feeds, no-2natter how excellent, are low, verytJow, in lime. Thus this experimentwill teach the careful dairyman thattit is not enough to balance a ration,but that he must also take into consideration the minerals, especially lime.' Sows and Their Litters.Twelve Berkshire sows owned by the"'Kansas Agricultural college farrowed103 pigs this spring. They raisedeighty-two, making an average ofAbout seven pigs from every sow.Thirteen Duroc sows farrowed 132jpigs. The Duroc sows raised 101, or.almost eight pigs from every sow. Six.v Poland China sows farrowed forty--hreeand raised twenty-nine, averages slightly less than five pigs raised"2rom every sow. The total number ofttpigs farrowed was 278; the number-reared 212. The highest number farcrowed by any sow was thirteen. Thesow, a Duroc, raised ten of the thirteen,, but two of the other Durocs and one3erkshire Taised ten also. One Berkshire and one Poland China sow raisedonly two of the three pigs that eachfarrowed. Kansas Farmer.VThe Rusty Milk Can."Pay particular attention to washingand scalding the cans, a brush beingoed for washing. Milk cannot be freetfrom talntand in proper condition foraking a fine product if stored in ajcan not properly cleaned. Discard the!r- sld rusty can. No person can wash itproperly."1 It has served its time andiiace econiag rusty has lost enoughkrflars tJwwHigh tainted milk to buy-sway atw cans.31DAIRY WISDOM.Keep up the brushing afterthe cows go out to pasture.There will always be some littJestuff clinging to the cow's sidewhere she has lain down on theground.Use only a thoroughbred butter bred sire for next year's cropof calves. The aim should beto make each heifer better thanher dam.The young calf s stomach issensitive, and good results canonly be had when the milk is fedat blood heat, or the temperaturethat it comes from the cow.It pleases the cow to be milked quickly and gets her in thehabit of giving down promptly.It is often the slow milkers thatmake the strippers.Gentleness and patience are always important in the dairybarn, but doubly so when handling the young heifer.9ANIMAL ODORS IN MILK.Simple Test Demonstrates the Valuaof Dairy Cleanliness.To find out how animal and stableodors get Into milk one may take twoone pint glass fruit jars, wash themperfectly riean, adjust the rubbernugb, screw the coers down and takothem to the stable at milking time.While the air in the stable may seemto be moderately pure, it is probablynot better than the average in suchbuildings. As soon as a cow has beenmilked the jars may be filled twothirds full of the warm milk, the coverof one screwed on tightly and the jarat once submerged in very cold running water until thoroughly chilled,when it should be placed upon a shelfuntil morning. The other jar shouldbe allowed to remain open on a sheifback of the cows until after supper,when it should be closed up for thenight, writes S. Van Allen in the FarmJournal.In the morning shake both jars, openand test for odor. No mistake in determining which one' was left openneed usually be made. In fact, you maycall in an outsider who can detect theodor in the one without knowing theprevious history. The sample whichwas chilled may also have an odor,but not an objectionable one. Eachsample may then be poured into aglass flask and slowly heated. Asthey warm up the opened one will giveoff a noticeably offensive odor, whichentirely dissappears a little later. Theother, or the chilled jar, may shownothing offensive during the heating.In fact, it may give off a rather clean,pleasing odor, such as emanates frompure milk while being heated.The deductions from this simple testare that the odor imparted by the cowto the milk while yet in the udder wasnot, at least, of such a nature or ofsufficient quantity to demand aeration,but how about the milk which standsopen about the barn for some timeand draws odors from without as wellas from the cow? This simple test willtend to show any person how carefullymilk should be handled at all times inorder to evade the impurities to whichit is so sensitive.A Portable Hog House.The hog house here described wasdesigned by W. E. McCoy, College ofAgriculture, Ohio State university:The portable hog house provides onatural and sanitary system of housing swine, as it can be moved fromplace to place whenever desired. Furthermore, it is easily and economically constructed. The house illustrated herewith need not cost more thanPOBTABLE HOG HOUSE.$10 or $12 where all the material Is 1purchased, and where odd lumber Isutilized the cost can be made muchless. A suggested bill of material isas follows:Runners, 2 pieces, 2 by 6 Inches by 10feetFrame, 9 pieces, 2 by 4 Inches by 8 feet;2 pieces, 2 by 4 Inches by 5 feet.Siding, 15 pieces, 1 by 12 inches by 1G feet;12 pieces, 1 by 2 inches by 18 feetHinges, 4.Nails, 1 pound twentypenny, 2 poundselghtpenny, 2 pounds fivepenny.Treatment For Caked Udder.When a cow has a l.:dly caked uddershe should be fed a cooling r.ttion ofroots, bran mash and good hay. A tablespoonful of saknetei will also bebeneficial. She should be watered atleast twice a day. and if the "cake"feels warm bathe it in rather cold saltwater, afterward rubbing dry. In persistent cases, however, the "cake" willfeel cold. It should then be bathed invery warm salt water. While bathingand at other times milk vigorously,pushing upward with the hand in imitation of the calf. This last is of greatimportance. If the teats are filled withmilk and a portion of the bag cakedbefore the cow freshens the affectedpart should always be mOked out at Jonce. Delay in this is what causes somany eases of badly caked udder. (American Cultivator. . 5I 8- 1THE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .2.00 Six Months. .1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matt er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right o? publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.DEMOCRATIC TICKET.For President,HON. WOODROW WILSON,of New Jersey.For Vice-President,HON. THOS. R. MARSHALL,of Indiana.For Congress,HON. J. CAMPBELL CANTRlLL,of Scott county.U. S. and Newspapers.Two important and far reaching provisions dealing with the circulation ofnewspapers, magazines and other periodicals and the separatio n of legitimate editorials and other reading matter from disguised advertisements arecontained in tha postoffice appropriaticn bill passed by Congress just beloreadjournment.Under the provisions of the act UncleSam will have possession of the circulation figuresof all publications exceptreligious, fraternal, temperance andscientific publications, and each periodical is requiredto printthe figures,which must be sworn to, alter theyhave been submitted to the postofficedepartment.It is further required that not laterthan April 1 and October 1 of each yearthe editor, publisher, business manageror owner of every publication in question must file a sworn statement setting forth the names and postoffice addresses of the editor"and managing editor, publisher, business managers andowners and the stockholders, if thepublication be owned by a corporation.The names of the bond, mortgageand other security holders are also demanded. Daily newspapers are required to furnish the average number of copies ofeach issue sold or distributed to paidsubscribers during the preceding sixmonths.Any publication tailing to complywith the provisions set forth will bedenied the privileges of the mail within ten days after notice by registeredletterof such failure.Relative to the designation of advertising matter contained in the editorial columns, the bill provides that theword "advertisement' shall be usedwith all reading matter for whichmoney or other valuable considerationis paid, accepted or promised. A finerangir.g from .$50 to $500 is providedfor the violation of this Drovision.Sugar Plums.The ownership of a one half interestin the Western Sugar Refining Company netted the Havemeer interests$12,950,000 in two years. In one year,1898, this concern paid the Havemeyers six hundred thousand dolllars.When the company was organizedthe Havemeyers put in a million dollars capital, and'the Spreckles peopleanotner million. Two years later thismoney was returned to the investors,so that all the profit they subsequentlytook o;t was"velvet" Thus thetariffon sugr.r is shown to be a good thingfcr tr.e millionaire owners of thesugar trust.Wilson a Leader.Governor Wilson, of New Jersey,said during his campaign two yearsago that he was not only a candidatefor Governor, hut if elected he wouldconsider himself elected leader of theDemocratic party.He has been a leader -not afraid tolead.Today he speaks in unmistakableterms concerning New Jersey in thenext Senate, "and warns the Democratsagainst selecting'James Smith, who inthe Senate under Cleveland 'acted nottor the Democratic party but for theprotected interests. The recordstandsto confront James Smith, and his success would be"a party disaster.That, in substance, is what Governor Wilson says. The Democraticparty is to he congratulated in havingas leader a civil soldier, who is notafeared. "Why Goal is High.A full report to disclose who is profiting from the present high price of coalis promised for the House of Representatives by the Department of Commerce and Labor in December. Secretary Nagel has designated Commissioner Charles P. Neill of the Bureauof Labor to investigate in conformitywith the resolution passed by theHouse shortly before adjournment.The.principal object of the inquirywill be to determine how much thecost of coal to the general consumerhas been increased as a result of "therecent strike in the antharcite coalregions of Pennsylvania, to whichfield the resolution is specifically directed. In a consideration of the resolutionoriginally introduced by Representative Difenderfer, of Pennsylvania, itwas said in the House committee thatthe antharcite operators had added 25cents a ton to the retail price.In addition to learning how muchthe price of coal was increased, Commissioner Neill is expected 4 to ascertain why and how the coat was raised.Another line of inquiry will be to determine how much and in what particular the coal miners were benefitedby the strike agreement. In supportof the resolution of inquiry, it was argued that the minersreceived little ofthe increase.Probably before the report has beencompiled the Supreme Court of theUnited States will have handed downits decision now under consideration,as to the legal situation in the Pennsylvania antharcite coal fields. Theselegal questions arise out of the suitbrought by the government against analleged illegal combination of'railroadsand railroad coalcorapanies. which arecharged with seeking to monopolizethe coal trade in violation of the Sherman anti-trust law.Many points in the government'scomplaint originated in a formerstrike settlement about ten years ago.It has been urged at times that evenin that settlement "the interest of thepublic was sacrificed to the interestsof organized capital and of organizedlabor."Popular Government.In hisspeech of acceptance PresidentTaft said the great issue before tnepeople was the retention of "popularconstitutional representative governemnt." It never occurred to Mr. Taftthat the greatest period of unrest inthis country since wardays has beenbrought about by the millionaire trustowners who, while shouting about popular government, have made a farceof common, everydav justice. IhePayne-Aldrich tariff tax, which Mr.'Taft signed, did more than any otherone thing to make the people dissatisfied with the particular brand of popular constitutional representative government that Mr. Taft and hiB aideshave administered.Correct Speech.In threading the maze of correct usage in the case of pronouns we arelost because we fail to keep in mindthe relationship between the pronounand the verb. Whenever the pronounof the first person is the subject orpart of the subject of the verb weshould say "I;" whenever it is the object or part of the object of the verbor a preposition we should say "me."SUBJECT.Tou and I will go.He and I are friends."Who rang the bell? I.He Is taller than I (am tall).May John and I go home?Mrs. B. and I "w ent to town.OBJECT.This tv ill please Mr. C. and me.Between you and me, heis wrong."Will you let John and me go?It is for you and me.Let you and me go to town.Every one has gone except you and me.Harper's Bazar.Controlling the Mississippi.Regarding some method for mitigating the Mississippi river floods, theScientific American says: "The recentoutbreak of the river Tvill serve to direct attention to a proposed method ofcontrol which we are inclined to thinkwill prove to be the ultimate solutionof the problem. We refer to the planof providing storage reservoirs in theupper reaches of the river, in whichthe flood waters, due to spring rainsand the melting of the saows, couldbe impounded, to be released in dryseason for the purpose of maintainingthe river at a navigable depth."Artificial Tobacco.Artificial tobacco leaves are nowmade, by a process invented by a German chemist. Stems and ribs of tobacco leaves, soaked in a solution ofcaustic soda or potash, are separatedinto fibers and ground until a "smearymass" is obtained. This compositionis fed into a paper making machineand converted into sheets, which possess all the properties of natural tobacco, and may be used in a similarmanner to the natural product.The Kaiser's Sons.The kaiser's sons have been broughtnp from the cradle like boys at a kadettenschule, and they used to paradein uniform for ttfeir father's inspection first thing in the morning."Remember," he once said to them,"that you are the sons of the kaiser.Rut you," he added, turning sharplyupon his heir, "remember that I havemy eye upon you." National Magazine. 'Are the Fly and Mosquito Dangerous?,The fly, with spongy teet, collects tns invisiDtc germs oi diseases, spreadsthem -ove our food and poisons us with typhoid and cholera. The niosquito withits bite injects into our veins malaria and yellow fever. The bacteria of consumption, or grip, are everywhere present for us to breathe intoour lungs. The bloodwhich flows through our veins and arteries is our protection. It should containhealthy red and white blood corpuscles capable of warding off these diseasagerms. Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery is a blood medicine and alterativemade entirelv without alcohol, a pure glyceric extract of bloodroot, golden seal.Oregon grape root, queen's root, mandrake and stone root, which has enjoyed a- good reputation for over Torty years. The refreshing in- Vi x v(I v. awM. Magueke, Esq.CORTRIGHTMETAL SHINGLESHOW TOCQHTTnoH-rffgg u s pot orr"j& jU-&M?$XJ"it 1mIr'C' .3fthtfor Sale by Miller &sW.'. tb,k.&itSVS9) S2s2S3gx25g52sS5That cannot be disputed will o a long 12way to convince anybody. We don t -$($gmake any exaggerated claims about coal g?g?but we do say in the most emphatic manner that OUR COAL will give satisfaction Hat all times. It possesses superior burningqualities.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.S&sZSs22&0&ztSsS5gi 22&2tyCumberland JttepboneINCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the OumberlandJJBourvbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg,3North Middletown, Little? Rock andRuddles Mills."When you have Cumberland service youHAVE telephone service."Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporatedAUTO FOR HIRESpecial attention given toparties desiring to hire automobiles. Call on us forpricesTRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Livery, Feed and Sales Stable.Eighth Street Both Phones.Some Good AdviceTo the People.Don't sell your old feathers until you find out the prices, Youcan call us and we will look atyour feather, or if you live inthe counrry send us a sample.- Iwill let you know what they areworth. Some old feathers if theyhave been well cared for are asgood as new. We pay marketprice for new feathers.MAX MtNICK,8th Street, PARIS, kWCall-East Tenn, Phone 374 4fluence ci this extract is hlie ISciure s influence the bloodis bathed in the tonic whichgives life to the blood theviial fire3 of the body bum brighter and their increasedcctivlty consumes the tissue rubbish which has accumulatedduring the winter." About forty years s.zo whilo in Newark, New Jersey. I had chillsnnd fevr," -wntca 2I."U MxcaiVUI Magcre, of National Military Home.Kans. "I went to Karsas City and m the spring of 1S77 the chills andfever returned. Doctors ard e-.ervthins I tried failed to do me good.Finally I saw Dr. Pierce's Ccluen .rledical Diacov ery advertised. I tookone bottle of it and the chill3 -vanished. In about a year afterwardI felt them conoinq: back so I got another bottle and have never hadany symptoms oi f eve or ague fcirce. That i3 all of twenty j cars ago,for I had the chills av.out t.vel',c jcars befora I started to take 'GoldeaMedical Discovery.' "Dr. PIctcq's Plsascnt Pellets arc for liver illsKNOW THE GEMJINE.LOOK FOR THE STAMP"CORTRIGHT" Reg. U. S. Pat. Off.and accept no substitute, if you want a roof thatwill last as long as the building, and never needrepairs never need attention cf any kind, exceptan occasional coat of paint.3. Fire-proof Storm-proof Lightning-proofBest, Millersburg, Ky.T3rz53atrssaana Celegrapb CompanyiModern Equipment,4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Pnllf Sprvirw mr-A v awSi,. -:rrrEverything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDProfessional CardsJ J. THnCiIiTAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Buildine:.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 51-1 Main Street.Office PhonesResidence ,&'a 1DR. A. W KEUDEK,Practicing Physician; 1 :Offices, Rooms 4j and 5, Elk's'Bldfg.1Paris, ---.' KentoctyllNEWBARBERi. , W (Wiirki,i4 -THE BOURBON.NEWS, PARIS, KENTUpKY, SEPTEMBER 13;, 1912- -' X i ,To 40,000 Burley Tobacco GrowersStockholders in Strater Bros Branch FactoryHere are ten brands of tobacco. ' All of you know their worth,for you supply the leaf. It comes from your own tobacco farms.Host of you smoke or chew one of these brands, for they represent the cream of your crops. You know of none better, nonericher, and you know that each sale brings a profit to you. Youare partners in each of these brands. Here's a way to Increaseyour profits on each.40,000 Partner-SalesmenWe want 40,000 more salesmen and you.Mr. Grower, are one that we -want. Wewart you to work with us, to help sellthee brands, and thus increase youricztttueirom them. Your cooperation,individually, can result in gigantic sales.Here s how it works out.Let Each Man TellTen FriendsLet each of you growers tell tenfr ends what you know of Strater Bros.'Branch Brands, the brands for whichj ou grow the leaf. Always keep one ofthese brands in your pocket and give tothese friends to try. Explain that theleaves 1 ere the pick of your crop andthat no better crops, are grown. Pointout the reasons why these brands ofTO ALL DEALERS WHO SELL TOBACCOThese brands of tobacco are famous sellers as all who sell them know. They are madefrr i the best, from the cream of the crops, from forty thousand farms. They form theer .'est repeaters known, a steady source of profit. Put them into your stock for a tral ands what they do. You will sell them for years if you sell them one week."or Smoklng-GOLDEN GLOW-PENNY POST-FULL PAY.ForChewins-INDEX-BY JOE TWIST-CUP DAY'S WORK-ON THE SQUAREZ JRCHUGHT-STRATER'S NATURAL LEAF.STRATER BROS. TOBACCO COMPANY BRANCHBURLEY TOBACCO COMPANY,L. N. TIFIE-TABLEIN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59;P. M.TrainsNo. FROM342971040373123326259138385393083231Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5 21 amLexington, Ky., Daily 4.34am.Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.35 amMaysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.3S amRowland, By., Daily Except Sunday , 7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday S.12 amCincinnati, O., Dsily 9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 amT I TT " T-kn".n7 .IV ny'hurySS' ' D7i ' ; "rwrtZtf ' n T T evjuiuiaua, i-k-j . , xscLLiy u.cjju Quiiuaj .o.jlv jjiaj.Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pmKnoxville. Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily 5.25 pmCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pmLexington, Ky. , Daily 6,03 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.03 amJacksonville. Fla., Daily 6 05 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrains XDe-psurtNo. TO34 Cincinnati. O., Daily.' 5.28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am40 Cincinnati, O., DailyExcept Sunday 8.20 arc10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily .9.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.24 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily J 10.27 am6 Maysville, K., Daily 12.05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.34 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.4o pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.52 pm39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.57 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.10 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday r 6.15 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.25 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.55 pm13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57 p!F db O- FZIEE;-T?.A-"itT BESIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3, 1911.Trains .ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.40 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50'pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10.00 pmTrains DepartNo. TO101 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only G.20 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday 9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky DailylExcept Sunday 5.52 amPains All Over!fYou are welcome," says Mrs. Nora Guffey, of BrokenArrow, Okla., "to use my letter in any way you want to,if it will induce some suffering woman to try Cardui. I hadpains all over, and suffered with an abscess. Three physicians failed to relieve me. Since taking Cardui, I am inbetter health than ever before, and that means much to me,because I suffered many years with womanly troubles, ofdifferent kinds. What other treatments I tried, helped mefor a few days only."ITAKEDon't wait, until you are taken down sick, before taking care of yourself. The small aches and pains, and othersymptoms of womanly weakness and disease, always meanworse to follow, unless given quick treatmentYou would always keep Cardui handy, if you knewwhat quick and permanent relief it gives, where weaknessand disease of the womanly system makes life seem hardto bear. Cardui has helped over a million women. Try itWrit to: Ijuiies' Advisory Dept.Oiaitaaeofnr.Mi.64-DIwok."HoeTreatmtlorwcn. sennrec. joitobacco should be every smoker's andviewer's choice since it is your choicestgrowth. 40.000 men, each telling tenfriends, will thus get a powerful salesmessage to nearly 400.000. If each ofthose friends tell five others, nearly2,000,000 men are affected. Think whatan increase this would make on thesebrands in one section. You are sellingto us. We are selling to them. So letus work jointly to sell the utmost thatwe can.Tell Dealers. Too' Tell dealers, too, when you buy thesebrands, what you know of their quality.Let them know of their nation-widepopularity, how they repeat, and howthey make friends of consumers.BE A BOOSTER OF BURLEY GROWERS' BRANDS, thus boosting the sales andyour profits.Incorporated, Louisville, Ky.(3)- A - rrrvein i-r Itnoi !V ' J2'S IZ o inTheWonfarfcTonicThe implicit confidence that manypeople have in Chamberlain's Colic,Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy isfounded on their experience in the useof that remedy and their knowledge ofthe manv remarkab'e cures of colic,diarrhoea and dysentery that it haseffected. For sale bv all dealers.Not After Cooking."To the pure all things are pure.""Still, I guess they "would be a littledoubtful if they saw the pure food at(the boarding house."If you rknew of the real value ofChamberlain's Liniment for lame backsoreness of the muscles, sprains andrheumatic pains, you would never wishto be without it. For sale nyall dealers.j Thought Worth Rememb'ering.So long as we love we serve. Solong as we are loved by others, Iwculd almost say we are indispensa-Dle; and no man is useless while hehas a friend. SteVenson.Repels Altack of Death."Five years ago two doctors told meI had only two years to live." Thisstartling statement was made by Stillman Green, Malachite, Col. "Theytold me I would die of consumption.It was up to me then to try the bestlung medicine and I began to use Dr.King's New Discovery. It was well Idid, for today I am working and believe I owe my life to this great throatand lung cure that has cheated thegrave of another victim." It is follvto sueffer with coughs, colds or otherthroat and lung troubles now. Takethe cure that's safest. Price 50 cent3and SI. Trial bottle free an Oberdorfer's. Leading to Higher Things.Men and women aie created by Imputing to them noble qualities ofwhich they are not conscious; and bygiving them responsibility.Glorieus News.comes from Dr. J. T. Curtiss, Dwight,Kas. Hewiites: "I not only havecured bad cases of eczema in my patients with Electric Bitters, but alsocured myself bv them of the same disease. I feel sure thev will benefit anycase of eczema." This shows whatthousands have proved, that ElectricBitters is a'most effective blood purifier. Its an excellent remedy for eczema, tetter, bait rheum, ulcers, boils"-"'and running sores. It stimulates kid-Pe?s liver and bowels, expels poisons,nejDS Question, builds up the strengthPrice 50 cents. Satisfactionteed by Oberdorfer.guaran-New Thought for the World.Guardians of the poor are not allBumbles. They are human beings with,the ordinary warm hearts of Englishmen. London Mail.To Mothers and Others.You can use Bucklens' Arnica Salveto cure children ot eczema, rashes, tetter, chafinKS, scaly and crusted humors, as well as their accidental injuriescuts, burns, bruises, etc., with perfect safety. Nothing else heals soquickly. For boils, ulcers, old runningor fever sores or piles it has no equal.25 cents at Oberdrfer's.Something of a Curiosity.Ruthie accompanied her mamma toprayer service, and during the servicethe hymn, "Cross and Crown," thefirst line of which, reads, "The consecrated cross I'll bear," etc., was sung"With much fervor by the congregation, when Ruthie considerably upsether mother's gravity by whisperingexcitedly: "Mamma, what does across-eyed bear look like?"Nineteen Miles a Secondwithout a jar, shock or disturbance, isthe awful sneed of our earth throughspace. We wonder at auch ease of nature's movement, and so do those whotake Dr. King's New Life Pills. Nogriping, no distress, just thorough workthat brings good health and fine feelings. 25 cents at Oberdorfer's.Dog True to Trust.The Olympia Serenade pavilion atNottingham, England, having beenbroken into three times of late, theproprietor procured an Airedale terrier. Early the other morning, as aboy dropped over the fence, the dogseized him by the trousers and heldhim till the arrival offthe watchman,"who handed him over to the police.An article that has real merit shouldin time become puDular. That such isthe case with Chambeilam's CoughRemedy has been attested by manydealers. Here is one of them. H. YV.Hendrickson. Ohio Falls, Ind., writes,"Chamberlain's Cough Remedy is thebest for coughs, colds and croup, andis my best seller." For sale by alldealers.Almost the Limit in Invention.A log of wood and a roll of paperare placed fn a new match-makingmachine, and when human hands nexttouch the material It is all bound upin packages containing one 'gross ofboxes of matches, ready for the consumer. During the process the machine cuts the wood into properlengths, sulphurs the ends, countsthem, makes the paper boxes, printsthe labels on them, fills each box andpacks them. The machine has beenpatented by a Norwegian match company. Running up and down stairs, sweeping and bending over making bedB willnot make a woman healthy or beautiful. She must get out of doors, walka mile or two every day and takeChamberlain's Tablets to improve herdigestion and regulate her bowels.For sale bv all dealers.GETTING 'RID OF THE FLY;Science Has Pronounced the DeathSentence of the Pest.Esther Barstow Hammond, writingin the General Federation Bulletin,calls attention to the imminence of thefiy menace, particularly in the smalltowns. "When the little pests beginto swarm about our doors so thick thatno amount of shooing will keep themaway, when a good dinner is spoiledfor us by the sight of a fly in thegravy, then we will begin to buy flypaper and poison and traps and spendhours of each hot day swatting thelittle beasts and scolding the childrenfor opening a door wide enough tosqueeze through, and we'll keep righton in the same old way until frostcomes. We have done it for years,and we can go on doing it for years tocome, and a thousand years from nowthere will be just as many flies to swatas there are now, unless we change ourmethods."When we were children we weretaught that the fly was a harmless little creature, 'nature's scavenger,' and,therefoie, a friend to man. Even thenwe looked on him with aversion whenwe found him swimming in our milk.But now that we know that his 'scavenging' consists of collecting filth anddisease germs in our outhouses and depositing them on our food, every man'shand is against him. Science has pronounced the death sentence upon him,and the only leason that his executionis delayed is because there are so manyof him."The new way is the way of prevention. Stables and refuse piles, outhouses and garbage cans are points ofattack in the fly campaign. By making the breeding places inhospitablyclean and sanitary, more can be accomplished in a day than in a season ofswatting the fly after it Las once comeinto existence.PATH'S CASTLE.Tha Great Singer's Fairyland Homeand Its Rare Treasures.Adelina Fatti, the BaroDess Cederstrom and long famed as the world'ssweetest singer, dwells in her castle ofCraig-y-'os, in south Wales, like aqueen in an enchanted domain of fairyland. The castle is situated in a valley, at the foot of great ramblingmountains. Its mass of buildings lookspure white in the distance. The castleis stored with raie old furniture frommany countries. There are also rarecollections of curious things, some ofwhich are exhibited only to speciallyfavored guests.The most valuable of these is a collection of crowns, some of laurel andfaded ribbons, dated back to Patti'schildhood. Others are made of silverand gold, set with precious stones. One,the gift of a RussiaD czar, is inlaidwith diamonds, rubies and emeralds.There are other wonderfully beautifulgifts from sovereigns and nobles. Thewhole collection is extensive and priceless. "The great singer is exceedingly fondof pets, her favorite being her Irishterrier Ginger. She has no less thanseventeen beautiful parrots, all of gorgeous plumage, and many of them arestill untamed, but they are all greattalkers, lime. Fatti in her retirementis indeed a "Lady Bountiful." TheWelsh people's love for her amountsalmost to adoration. Christian Herald.Women's Position In Japan.The majority of Japanese educationists hold very strongly that the chiefobject of female education is preparation for the duties of married life rather than general mental developmentand culture. To educate women to beindependent and self supporting is notan ideal that most of the teachers ingirls' schools ever set before them. Theminds of the teachers are permeatedwith traditional notions respecting thesphere that woman is designed to fill inthe family. Hence it is to be fearedthat the day is still far distant whenthe Japanese women will be thoroughly emancipated and have accorded toher the rights and privileges which areenjoyed by the weaker sex in the mostadvanced western countries. JapanMail.An All Around Sort of Coat.Frank P. Matthews of Baltimore hasjust received a patent for a convertible coat. It can be worn in the daytime as a frock coat or a cutaway andcan be changed into an evening coator swallowtail in a few moments. Thelapels have silk facings that fold backinto hidden pockets when tho coat isworn in the daytime. The front partsof the skirts can be turned back andtucked away out of sight in pockets,leaving the tails hanging down whenit is desired to transform it into anevening coat Exchange.Made the Fish Tipsy.At Fronrignan, Herault, France, recently, 700 gallons of confiscated winewere poured into a canal by the customs officers. The wine, it is said, hada very intoxicating effect on the fish,and they were easily picked out of thewater by hand. The housewives refused to buy fish when they could getthem themselves, and the fishermen inthe district untied to protest against theaction of the customs officers, but theirprotest was unavailing.Wooden Ships and Icebergs.Admiral Peary says that in some respects the old fashioned wooden shipis less vulnerable to the dangers of thesea than the huge steel liner. He oncecrashed into a partly submerged iceberg while going at full speed in broaddaylight "The stout little ship" (theRoosevelt), he says, "caromed off theiceberg like a billiard ball without injury. A steel ship" would have had herbilge torn open from bow to quarter."ADMINISTRATOR'S SALEDesirable City Property.As administrator of the estate of the late Mrs. M. F. Tuttle, I wil sellpublic outcry, onTHURSDAY, SEPT. 19, 1912,at 2 p. m on the premises, her property situated on West Sixteenth street -inJraris, Ky.The property consists of a lot 50xl05j2' feet, with a cottage of 5 rooms,, :porches, presses; water at door; shade trees, concrete walks, garden etc -This property is conveniently located, close to car line and railroad yard- ,and is iin a neighborhood where property is in demand. It is a nice home caSrsp i-i&r mvestment, and must be sold to settle up the estate.TERMS Made known on day of sale.W. R.For further information address Harris & Speakes, Paris. Kv.GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.'-lNew Fall Suits Arriving:!" ' ' ' ' Jill I i in lOTXWtwiJL'df?&$&fa JSCHLOSS BROS 6 CO I -&'& IflietloUu Hikers f V."TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T,55SS2r.3assaaisav -sL Woiistein,.a3ttMlftfrTfr.iPOPULARi mmKENTUCKYv m ayftlirRoundTr:pSee Uic rncus High Bridge DAND CONCERT, High Bridge Park, (Popular Airs,)A tickets sold at GEO RG ETOWN Eood only on Special Train leading at 10.50 am.f"o' FirJl Inforrrictlon Ca!I On Any Ticket Acjeat, OrH. C. &iKG, Passenger and Ticket AgnIa:nSt.Phcr.oISH-te'rilifA .? J?flew, it any, medicines, have metwith the uniform success that has at-itended the use of Chamberlain's Colic, iCholera and Diarrhoea Remedv. Thej A 1 Iremarkable cures of colic and diarrhoea j AfjriCUlUrclIwhich ii has effected in almost every!neighborhood have given it a wide rep-1 A . I"utation. For sale b.v all dealers. iASSOClftTlOn CkTAll Things to Them That Walt.No road is too long to the man "whoadvances deliberately and "witliout undue haste; and no honors are too distant for the man who prepares himselffr them "with patience. Bruyere.How's This?We offer one Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.P. J. Chenpy & Co., Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have known bJ. Cheney for the last 15 years and believe him perfectly, honorable in allbusiness transactions and financiallyable to carry out anv obligations madeby his firm.NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE,Toledo O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucous surlaces of the ' system.'JLestimonials sent free. Pi ice 75 centsper hottle. Sold by all druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.Saving Old Trays.When a japanned tray becomes oldand chipped, give it two coats ofwhite paint and one of enamel, thebottom as "well as the top. Stand iton the edse to dry after each coat. It j"will be found as good as new, as wellas very pretty. The enamel is easilyrenewed.is, above all other things, theremedy for sickly, wasted children It Boarisbes and bmildsthem ap whe ordinary foodabsolutely fails. Be sure toget SCOTT'S. AllDruci.., Scott & Bowhc. Blown field. N. J. 12-13OF-TUTTLE. ADMiNisTRATno"DailySchloss Bros., & Co,5,Baltimore, Md.,Hand Made SuitsAre Here DirectFrom The TailorsHands. . .We are showing the newPlunvCarnation, Grey and Browns, theprices very reasonable, $15 to 25All Wool Fall Suits, newesfcshades at 10, $12.50 and L5Our Fall Line of Raws VomGol Hats Douglass Shoes andSTiwn Bros., Special Shoes are arriving daily.The showing we are makingfor Fall is in every way up to thehighest class, our prices are moresreasonable than elsewhere.Proprietor.EXCURSIONSIJQ..Sent. IS.- " ' m m m mAddressent,49The ColoredBourbon County,To show their appreciation farthe liberality and kindness showrs.them by the white people of"Bourbon and Fayette counties.will give a bigrTree Cake Walkat Fair Grounds, orrFriday of the Fair,September 20,For a Cash Prize o$25.00of which $12 is to go to the firstlady and gentleman, 7 to thesecond and $6 to the third. -Entrancesolicited from all parts-vof the State. Entrance free.HARVEY FIELDS, Pres.STEPHEN MOORE, SectHot and ColdBATHSHot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politerbarbers always ready to wait on the?trade. No long waits. You are nextM. A. KAHAL.NOTICE "All persons holding claims againstJulia Frank, deceased, aregherebynotified to present the same, provenas required by the law to the undersigned. All persons indebted to the saidfJulia Frank, deceased, are requested'to call and settle same with owJetsigned. , . ' !, J CARRIE FRANK,Vv3 HELEN F?AXK,r.-fi-ai. ' i iiEseeufrixsuCB g .llIDGE IIf?mil d. Oc.SSJI! Round ifffiSjBB M TripjsssarjzajW myMyLEXINGTON, KV, Wt,a T.-I&$jfitV!.H,, 2V'ati.AIt.fe. M -j'. rf. ft-pi-7.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,! KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 13 4912.r tV.tiAh fL 'fli(IsfIfLfIv '.rtfIkJuJ i;t iIVMM,1.i(jL l'THEFAIR!Some Hot Weather BargainsSoap Bowls, 2 for 5c.Plain white dinner plates, 5ceach.5-qt Enameled Preserving Kettel, 10c.Large size Granite Wash Basin,10c.18x35 Damask Towels, 10c.Boys' and Girls' double heeltoe school Stockings, 10c.Long handle Wooden Spoons,5c.Guaranteed Alarm Clocks, seethem in-our window, each 49c.Polished Tin Cuspidors, 5ceach.THE PAIR."Roxie" Daoi$!CDe Insurance AgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137SuitTO ORDERUNION"MADEWW!MBIBiji ye Also Do1 DYEmamCLEANING.PRESSING,RFP AIRINGMIMMIM(MIM5 -"K Best WorkIBMtaraMIMGuaranteed.MIM!5S!55!55!5!!5!!nmiHtatnaMNUMMiMciBaiiiiKiiMaiMiiMliiMiiItsH . HkH B mWw I1"H m .mmmmmW fiiammmwmm' illS!5timimiiiIBmimmmSiaMIM55S Thomas Bros.tK Agriculturl Bank of Paris.Capital Surplus Protection ,$100,00.00 $67,500.00 $267,500.00Prospects Good For Natural Gas.That the residents of Pans will inthe course of a few months be suppliedwith natural gas is shown in a letterreceived by Mayor John T. Hinton,from Mr. John Tonkin, President ofthe Kentucky Natural Gas Company.According to Mr. Tohkin the companydesires to extend its line to tnis city,but fearing this cannot be done beforecold weather sets in in the piping islikely to be deferred until next spring.Mr. Tonkin will be here about October8and will take up the matter with theofficials, looking toward definite actionin extending the line to Paris. Theletter to Mayor Hinton is as follows :Oil Springs, Pa., Sept. 9, 1912.Mayor J. T. Hinton, Paris, Ky.Dear Sir: I am in receipt of yourfavor of the 2d inst. , and in reply, willstate, that it is the intention of theKentucky Natural Gas Company to convev eas to Paris, as we have been ledto believe that the people mere arevery anxious for it. As stated in acommunication recently to Mr. Woodford of the Bourben Bank and TrustCompany, of your city, the only questioa now is, whether we will succeed inbuilding our line to West Virginia intime to assure an ample supply of gas.in addition to the towns we noy have.If we can build that line in time, therewill be no question about the gas, butif detained by inclement weather orother circumstances beyond our control,and cold weather sets in before thecompletion of that line, it would be allwe could do from our present field tosupply our present consumers; andwhile we are anxious to take gas toParis, we are also anxious to do sowhen we guarantee to the citizens ofyour city an ample supply.I expect to be in Kentucky about the8th of October, at our annual meetingin Lexington, and will probably be in ashape then to take the matter up definitely, as to what we will be able to do;and will take the pleasure of callingupon you at that time, and giving youmore definite information as to the possibility of our reaching you this fall.I may say, however, that if the circumstances would not warrant us to gothere this fall, we certainly will be inshape to do so next spring.Yours very truly,JOHN TONKIN.Her Opportunity.Young Husband "What a gloriousday! I could dare anything, face anything on a day like this!" Wife"Come on down to the milliner's!"Fliegende Blaetter.Terry Property at Auction.On Saturday, September 14, 112. at2 p. m., on the premises, we will sellfor J. S. Terry his property located onVine street, Paris. Ky. The propertyconsists of a lot 63x248 feet, with acottage of 5 rooms, hall, pantry,presses, 2 porches, cistern, coal house,shade trees, large garden and poultryyard. This is a very desirable and convenient home. Terms liberal.5 10 13 HARRIS & SPEAKES.Saving the Babies.In England and some other countriesgreat progress has been made in recent years in the prevention of infantmortality. In this country an association has been formed, known as theAmerican Association for the Studyand Prevention of Infant Mortality.The object of this society is to coordinate all the sanitary agencies forthe express purpose of reducing thenumber of preventable deaths of babies. The Carpet and Rag Store.lWe have one of the largest stocks ofcarpets and rugs in the State. No oldpatterns, all the latest syles to selectfrom. Call in and let us save youmoney. aLtaP? -&22l&23?:J.lT. HINTON.Paris Woman Elected an Officer.At the biennial convention of theAncient Order of Hibernians held inLouisville, Miss NellieS Schwartz, ofParis, was elected vice president orthe State Ladies' Auxiliary.The next convention of the order'isto be held in Covington two yearshence, the selection of that city beingmade at the last business meeting ofthe order held Tuesday afternoon.ReDorts made to the order by committees anDointed two years ago atAshland show a decided increase inmembership and a decided forwardmovement in the matter of education.The Irish History Committee reported that in fifteen parochial schools,twenty high schools and ten academiesIrish history is taught as general history. The growth ot membership forthe past two years is declared to begreater than for the seven years preceding. Elections were held by the A. 0.H. and the Ladies' Auxiilary of theorder at which officials for the ensuingterm of two years were named. Theofficers are: A. O. H., T. J. Walsh,of Louisville, president; Thomas J.Howard, of Ashland, -vice president:James J. McBreen, of Covington, secretary ; Phillip L. Donnelly, of Covington, " treasurer. Ladies' Auxiliary :Miss Fannie Kennedy, of Louisville,president; Miss Nellie Schwartz, ofParis, vice president; Miss LuluJMurphy, of Covington, secretary; MissSallie Moran, of Newport, treasurer.NOTICE.City taxes for the year1912 are now in my handsfor collection at my office atthe Deposit Bank.C. K. THOMAS,26-tf City Collector.A Little Pointer.Coffee is going up. We have a goodsupply and the right price.C. P. COOK & CO.Indicted for Murder.The grand jury retured a joint indictment, against Luther Walter andJasper Conrad for the murder of TracyDuncan, which occurred at Connersville in Harrison county Saturday inConrad Bros. 's store. The defendantswill likely make a motion before theCircuit Judge for bail. The partieswill not likely be ready for trial atthis term of court.Do You Drink?If you drink coffee, we can sellyou a quantity right.C. P. COOK & CO.Time WellSpent."One minute spent in appealing fordivine guidance appears to have beenone minute well spent. RochesterHerald.To Tne Ladies.See me for Shiro Ruffle Puff Forms,Brassieres. Franco-American ToiletRequisites and other accessories forthe toilet.MISS ELIZABETH HILL.Representative for Parisian ModeCorsets.1205 Main St., Phone, E. T. 112.DEATHS.Mrs. Rachel Redmond, widow ofthe late Wash Redmond, and one of thebest known and most highly resDectedold women of Nicholas county, died atthe home of her sorf-in-law, Mr. JamesE. Scott, near Flora, in Nicholas, ofthe inrfimities of age. She was abouteighty years of age.BEAN.Dr. Bennett Er Bean, aged about76 years, died at his home in NorthMiaaietown, Wednesday evening at7:30 o clock, from heart disease. ,Dr.Bean has,been a sufferer from this disease for more than two years, and allefforts to relieve him of the troublehave been without result." For fiveweeks prior to his death he was at theSt. Joseph Hopsital, in Lexington.Dr. Bean was the oldest practicingphysician in this section of the Stateand has been actively engaged in hisDrofession in this community for morethan forty years. He was well knownthroughout the Blue Grass region asan efficient and skilled physician andwas one of the pioneer residents ofNorth Middletown.He is survived by his wife and oneson, Mr. B. B. Bean, who resides inLexington where his headquarters asinspector for a fire insurance comnanvis located.The funeral services were held yesterday afternoon at 4 o'clock in theNorth Middletown cemetery, conducted by the Rev, L. H. Reynolds andRev.J.W.Lizon.SHAW.Mr. James S. Shaw. Sr., died athis home in Louisville Tuesday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock of uraemic Doison-ingfter an illness of about six weeks.Mr. Shaw was born in Bourbon countyin 1845 and for thirty-eight yaars wasin the milling nusiness in Paris, beingconnected with his brother the lateWilliam Shaw, in thelcapacity of headmiller at the milling plant of the latterin East Paris now owned andoperatedby the Paris Milling Comnay.Mr. Shaw retired from "active life in1887 and a few years later movd toLouisville, of which city' he has heena resident for almost twenty years.His wife diedxabout seven yeais ago.Mr. Shaw was the last surviving member of the Shaw family of which therewere ten sisters and brothers. Whilea resident of Paris he with his familyoccupied the residence on High streetadoining that ot Rev. Dr. George Varden. He is survived by four sons W. P.Shaw, of Los Angeles, Cal., C. F.Shaw and James S. Shaw, Jr., of Louisvile, and K. S. Shaw, of Bullittcounty. The first three named havebeen identified with the Bernheim Diatilling'Co., in Louisville for the pasteighteen years. The surviving daughters are Mrs. C. J. Atkins, of Seattle,WaBh. ;"Mrs. M. A. Hill, of Los Angeles, Cal., and Miss Julia Shaw,of Louisville The funeral services were heldfrom his late residence in Louisvilleyesterday marningMATRIMONIAL.HARLY-KISER.The marriage ot Mr. W. S. Kiser toMiss Cordelia Harley, of Lexington,was quietly celebrated Wednesday afternoon at the Odd Fellows' Widowsand Orphans home in Lexington, theRev. Mr. Brock of the Baptist churchof that.city officiating.The ceremony was performed in thepresence of Judge E. B. January and(Mr. Joseph Faris, Mrs. Thomas Kiser,a sister-in-law of the groom and hisaunt, Mrs. Fannie Smith, who accompanied him to Lexington.Mr. Kiser is a son of Mr. Jeff Kiser,of this county : and for several yearshas been in the employ of the firm ofE. F. Spears & Sons of this city. Heis one of the most energetic young menof the community of exceptional habitband is highly valued by his emplovers.He has a large number ot friends inthis city.and is extremely popular withall who know him.'The bride, who is a young lady ofmany accomplishments, handsome andattractive, has been an efficient member of the educational faculty at theOdd Fellows' Home and is a graduateof the Midway Orphans' School. During her stay at the Home she won theesteem of all with whom she came incontact. She is an exceptionally brightyoung woman and has a host of admiring friends.Mr. and itfrs. Kiser left LexingtonWednesday for a short bricial trip toLouisville, when they will return toParis and take board with Mrs. Fanniebmith, on Fifteenth street until theirnew home in South Par is is completed,when they will go to housekeeping. aMORRIS SCOTT.Mr. and Mrs. John C. Morris, ofLexington, have announced the engagement of their daughter, Miss Lucille Morris, to Mr. Leslie ThomasScot, of Cleveland, Ohio. The wedding will be solemnized in the earlypart of November.Trots at Mt. Sterling.Mr. W. Hoffman Wood, who hasBeen at worK on tne project tor sometime, announces that his efforts havebeen successful and that Mt. Sterlingwill have a three days' trotting meetthis fall, says the Sentinel Democrat.The dates selected are October 3, 4and 5. and the meet will be held on theMontgomery County Fair Grounds.The track is one of the fastest andfinest in the state and Mr. Wood hasbeen given every assurance that someof the best stables of trotters andpacers in the country will ship therepreparatory to going to Lexington forthe world-famous fall meeting there.About 82,500 in purses will be hung upto be contended for bv these horses andauction pools will be sold. A goodband, will be secured and we predictthat the meet will be the first steD inmaking Mt. Strelingja center in" thetrotting and pacing world.Well Located Property.The J. S. Terry property on Vinestreet to be sold at auction Saturday,September 14, is near the L. and N.station and in a locailty where property is in demand. 5-10-13Big Cake Walk.Don't fail to see the biggest cakewalk pver held in Kentucky at the colored fair at Paris, Friday, September20. S25 in cash prizes. tdEx-Parisian Celebrates 90thBirthday.The Los AngeleB, Cal., Times contains the folowirg of "an exParisian :"Strong and healthy and as happy asa boy let out ot school for the summervacation, Daniel Isgng, the tallestman in Los Angeles, measuring 6 feet8 inches in his'stocking feet, celebrated his ninetieth birthday Monday athis home at 521 West Twenty-thirdstreet.'For a man of 90 years Mr. Isgrigis a pnysicai marvel ana wen preserved and expects to live to be 110 yearsold. Mr. Isgrig carries his ninetyyears and giant form with the ease andgrace or a boy, but owing to a recentillness, he carries a cane.Regular habits and country lifeand an honest conscience is what I attribute my health, long life andstrength to said Mr.Isgrig yesterday,starting'out on- a short walk in theneighborhood." 'I was a farmer boy and had beenon the farm the majority of my years.That's the only place to raise a boyand if boys and youg men of today followed the good old plow instead of thegasoline eating route and late suppersat cafes, they would live a great deallonger and carry 90 years on broadershoulders and more grace than thevwill. Regular habits is what a boy ora young man needs. For 30 years Ihave gotten up at 5 o'clock in themorning regularly. I eat my breakfast at 6 o'clock, a light luncheon at 12o clock and through many years ofpractice I go to bed at eight o'clock.It is easy to go to bed early it youpractice it and it has been said thatthe best part of a person's sleep comesbetween the hours of 9 and 12 o'clockin the evening. I think that that istrue." 'I find difficulty in getting intosome places and it seems to me thatthev make the doors too small and theceilings too low every year, whichgives me the impression that peopleare getting smaller and smaller all thetime. If it keeps up it will only be amatter of a few years before they willlive in doll houses and in rat traps.But mayhe not that bad.'"Mr. Isgrig has been a resident ofLos Angeles for 21 years. He wasbrought up in Paris. Kentucky, and itI is claimed that among his family weretne taiiest people in tne state. Whenquite young he met, through a friend,Abraham Lincoln, and when theymeasured back to backMr. Isgiig wasjust a head taller than" the president.He has met Tom Thumb and MissMinnie Warren and many of the smallest people in the United States."Mr. Isgrig is a great uncle of Mr. DanIsrgig, who resides in East Paris andalso an uncle of Mr. William Isgrig,who died at his home near this cityabout two weeks ago.Arriving Daily.New i?all Footwear arriving dailv at!10 tf FELD'S'SHOE SlORE.Brtkeri Barred frtm HtriliifStock.The Associated PublishersCompanyhas issued a letter to all l of its stockoJders, many of whom are in this city,to the effect that the stocks of thecompany will not be handled bybrokers or brokerage firms. The company is expecting an attempt on thepart of brokers ot the larger citiesto secure control of some of the stockand the letter, sent out 'as a warningto stockholders, is as follows:"In line with our announced policy,of keepnig in constant touch with ourstockholders, we want to call yourattention to the practice of certain un-scrupulous'brokers'who are to be foundoperating in all large cities.We have met with such success inour financing that, knowing tneirmethods, we exoect that they will attempt their nefarious game at anytime."In the first place, our stock is onlysold through our own renresentatives,who carry both "Bradstreet" and"Dun" introductions. We have not,nor will we at any time in the future,offer our stock through brokers. Thisis final."There are so called brokers in alllarge cities who are "constantly on thealert for an opportunity to profitthrough, thelfinancing of new companies. The usual plan is to secure alit of stockholders. In our case thiswould be comparatively easy, as wefurnish our list to our chain of papersfor the benefit of our stockhlders. Ifthey obtain our list through some nefarious method, the so called brokerst hen attempt to "hold us up," demanding an option on a block of ourstock, at a much reduced figure. We,of course, would refuse. They wouldthen attempt to bring us to a more pliable frame of mind, by writing to afew of our stockholders offering, forinstance, one hundred shares at 50cents on the dollar, SUBJECT TOPRIOR SALE. The concluding phraseis their safeguard ; when called on todeliver they always reply, THE STOCKHAS BEEN SOLD, or they perhaps,in fact, buy stock from one of ourstockholders and resell same at a lossin order to create a paniky feeling andconsequent demoralization of our stock -holders.Should you receive such letters, you can best serve your company'sj'nterest by sending us all suchcorrespondence."We want to say that you mav feelproud of the progress we are making.We are having strong support fromour stockholders. This is as it shouldbe. By pulling hard for our joint interests, we can surpass the expectations of the most sanguine of our enthusiastic management, as well as ourstockholders."Withassurance that the management will work hard for the best results for us'all, we are,"Very tr.ulv yours,"THE ASSOCIATED PUBLISHERS COMPANY;."Insure your tobacco withMcClure & Clendenin. E.T. Phone 235. Home Phone72.Card of Thanks.Themembers of the Woman's Societv of the Christianchurch rnet withgreat success with their dinner servedduring the Bourbon Fair. The patronage was liberal, the donations Tgenefous. They wish to thank the directors of the fair for 'courtesies extended, tojthe editors of the Paris papers for notice given, to thosa whoso freely contributed and to those whoassisted. A nice sum of money wascleared which will be used for charitable purposes during the winter.WOMAN'S SOCIETY CHRISTIANCHURCH.Insure your Tobacco withTHOMAS & WOODFORD.New Fall Goods.Large consignmsnts of carpets, rugsand furniture of every description arearriving dailv at our store. See U3 before you buy and let us save youmoney. J. T. HINTON.An article that has real merit shouldin time become popular. That such isthe case with Chamberlain's CoughRemedy has heen attested by manydealers. Here is one of them. H. W.Hendrickson. Ohio Falls, Ind., writes,"Chamberlain's Cough Remedy is thebest for coughs, colds and croup, andis my best seller." For saie by alldealers.RELIGIOUS.The congregation of the Washington street Presbyterian church inWinchester has extended a unanimouscall to Rev. J. Russell Crawford, ofColumbia, to assume the pastorate oftne church."How the Christian May Expressthe Lordship of Jesus," is the subjectof Rev. E. M. Lightfoot, at the Baptist church next Sunday morning at10:45 o'clock. At 7:30 p.m. he willpreach on "Beginning Over Again."The Sunday school and Baraca Classmeet every Sunday morning at 9 :C0 a.m. All are cordially invited to theseservices.Georgetown Men Inspect StreetsMayor Thomas J. Finnell, of Georgexown, accompanied by several members of the city council cf that city,were in Paris yesterday looking overthe streets of the city and inspectingthe road building machnexy used inthe construction of the thoroughfareshere. ,The delegation from Georgetown hnebeen making trips to several of theadjoining cities with a view of gettingthe methods of street building employed "by their neirchbors and were takenall- over Paris by Mayor Hinton.The visitors highly comDlimented theParis streets and stated they were thebest of any of the towns they had visited in Central Kentucky. The gradeswere the most interesting to the visitors, and the methods employed instreet building' in Paris will probablybe adopted by Georgetown.A visit was made to the citv ouarrvwhere an inpaectioa of the rock cruiherand other machinery wag maoe.CirMcc. Awimtmt.The congregation of the MethodistChurch and the Paris people in general.will be pleased to learn that Rev. J. S.Sims, the popular pastor of the churchhere, has been returned to Paris foranother year.The ninety-second annual Conferenceof the Methodist Episcopal Church,South, closed Monday, after a six-dayssession, at Danville. The meeting waspresided over by Bishop James HMcCoy, of Birmingham, and was oneof the most enthusiastic ever held inthe State.The following preachers were ordained elders Sunday afternoon byBishop McCoy, assisted by the otherelders: Price Turner Smith, JosephusBarnet Harris, Robert Napoleon Bush,William Robert Johnson and John Edwin Moss.The first business of the ConferenceMonday was the assessment for theAmerican Bible Society. It has beenthe custom of the Conference voluntarily to assess itself for the support ofthis society. It was moved and carriedthat no assessment be made next year,but that a collection be taken in everycongregation for the support of thesociety.A resolution of appreciation wasoffered by Dr. E. G. B. Mann for theevangelistic services rendered by C. F.Wimberly and Dr. H. C. Morrison. Theresolution was unanimously adopted.It was moved and carried by s smallmajority that the Bishop appoint acommittee of three to investigate asto the facts and results of the womenhaving the rights of the laity in connection with the church, and to reportat the next annual conference session.Dr. E. L. Southgate,Dr. John R. Deering and Rev. T. M. Watts were mademembers of the committee.Following is the list of the assignments of ministers:FRANKFORT DISTRICT.E. L. Southgate, Presiding Elder.Carrolton J. W. Crates."Coirnth Mission Julian A. McClintock. Frankfort H. C. Turner; I. F. Taliaferro, supernumerary.,Georgetown W. M. Britt.Gratz-Wm. Wood.,Hinton A. Redd.Hughes Chapel George D. Prentiss.Hutchison and Oxford S. A. Arnold.Millersburg J. D. Redd.Mount Hope A. P. Jones.New Columbus W. A. Penn.Paris J. S. Sims.Petersburg J. R. Nelson.Poisgrove J. H. Williams.Port Royal R. A. Selby.Warsaw W. D. Milburn.Worthsville J. J. Dickey.President Millersburg Femaie Col-lege-C.C. Fisher.Chaplain to State Prison at Franksfort W. C. YreelandTOBACCO INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againstfire and wind.JOE MITCHELL.Good Sale o! Horses.The Western Horse Sales Co. yesterday sold 50 head of Western horses atFuhrman's Sales Stables at from 60to $100.Big Company Incorporated.The Oscar Coal and Lumber Company, of Lexington, with $700,000capital stock, filed incorporation articles with the Secretary of State atFrankfort, i Charles Lons. of Johnstown, Pa., is president and chief stockholder, and nearly all the stockholdersare from Georgetown. The companywill operate in Eastern Kentucky.Carpets and Rugs.Come to the carpet and rug store ifyou want something nice at reasonable prices. Large stock to selectfrom. No shop-worn patterns, all new.x J. T. HINTON.Got Back at the Judge.'A celebrated engineer, being examined at a trial where both the judgeand counsel tried in vain to browbeathim, made use in his evidence of theexpression, "the creative power of amechanic," on which the judge rathertartly asked him what he meant by"the creative power of a mechanic.""Why, my lord," said the engineer, "Imean that power which enables aman to convert a goat's tail into ajudge's wig."Growers Talk o! 1913 Cut Out.A writer in the Owenton News Herald says"Tobacco growers from various sec;tions of the State are talking stronglyot a cut out ot the next crop. Owencounty growers have alreadyg had onemeeting, and the sentiment in thatcounty is almost unanimous for themovement."Influential men ffrom Woodfordcounty and Scott county have giventheir hearty approval to" the nroDOsi-tion. Many Fayette errowers "on thestreet here Monday said it was theonly thing to do if the farmers expected a reasonable price for theircrops."It is pointed out that the Louisville Tobacco Warehouse Company isplanning to own all the loose leaf markets, and their control is regarded as adangeous menace to the trade. Thetrust is as much in evidence today asit was- beforerthe government attempted to disaovle it. There is little or nocompetition today in the Louisvilleand Cincinnati markets among thebranches into which the old AmericanCompany was dissolved, and priceshave gone steadily downward sincelast March. '"Friends of the farmers realize thatif the cut out movement is to be successful, it must be agitated now before the 1912 crop changes hands. Ifthe movement is .a success, of coursethe growers will add several cents apound to their price, and hold theirtobacco till they get it."No definite information is obtainable as to the nature of the campaignto be waged, but it is said some movement along this line is sure to bestarted fn all the'eounties in the nearfutar."" v ;k'!AEaTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS; KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1912m BOURBOU NEWS.tfcvr&k,ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGAnnual Convocation.Pans Chapter No. 15 Royal ArchMasons, will meet in annual convocation at 7:50 o'clock d. m., Friday, Sept.13. 1912. Election of officers andother important business. A full attendance is requested.Fall Hats Ready Today.Every new smart style in everycolor and shane.,J. W. DAVIS & CO.Missionary Society to Meet.The Missionary Society of the Presbyterian church will meet Monday,September 16, at 2:30 o'clock p. m.,with Mrs. Chas. E. Butler on Secondstreet. A full attendance is requested. RYE AND TlfVIQTHV.Northern Seed Ryeand new crop Timothy Seed.STRART Sc O'BRIEN.Police Court.I- the police court Wednesday JudgeJs jary disposed of the following cases : Jesse Keith, disorderly conduct,ST 0 : Earl Corban. reckless driviner.7 SOjJas. Fields, carrying concealedw dpons, $27.50 same, resisting anomcer, $17.50; John Cox, drunk, $7.50;William Carroll, drunk, $7.50; WilliamScott, colored, disorderly conduct,7.50.Insure your Tobacco withTHOMAS & WOODFORD.Temperance Union Elects QliUcsrs.At the regular meeting of the W. C.T. tU., the following officers wereelected for the ensuing year: Mrs.William Myall. president; Mrs. GeorgeEllis, vice president; Mrs. LucySprake, corresponding and recordingsecretaiy ; Mrs. Bettie Brown, treasurer. Mrs.Myall was elected as adelegate to represent the local unionat the W. C. T. U. State Conventionto be held in Mt. . Sterling September25-29.PE1S0NAL MENTION.Miss Erie Henry Js spending a fewdays in Louisville.Miss Helen Hutchcraft leaves tomorrow for Boston.Mrs. J. B. Northcott is visitingrelatives in Jefferson, O.Mr. Joseph M. Rion is seriously illat his home onSecond street.Mr. and Mrs.John T . Mattox arevibiting relatives in Cynthiana.Mr. Clyde Keller left yesterday forChattanooga on a business trip.Mrs. Clarke Barnett will leavethis week for a visit to relatives inLouisvilleMiss Bettie Brown has returnedfrom an extended visit to friends inEminence.Dr. Ben Frank left yesterday forNew York after a visit to relatives inthis city.Miss Lizzie Rymel has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. Mollie Muir nearLexineton.Oklahoma. City, Oklahoma, -aretheguests of their relative, Mrs. NannieDonaldson, on Mt. Airy avenue. Mr.Colcord is a prominent banker and oneof the most influential citizens of thestate of Oklahoma.2 Mrs. Amos Turnev left yesterdayfor a visit to Baltimore.Mr&. J. D. Bruer and daughter,Miss Louie Bruer, left Thursday forKansas City.Miss Alleen Schwartz has as hergupst this week Miss Frances Glancy,of Winchester.Mr. and Mrs." JJ. Davidson willleave this morning for a two weeks'stay at Swngo Springs.Miss Allie Stone, of this city, isill at Wilson Hospital in Maysvillesuffering with a nervous attack.RYE AND TIMOTHY.Northern Seed Ryeand new crop Timothy Seed.STUART Sc O'BRIEN.CHOICE SEED.We arc headquarters forchoice Seed Wheat, Seed Ryeand Timothy Seed.13-6t C.S. BRENT &BRO.Stop Guessing About Clothes.Come here for them, every suit wesell is a certainty as to fit and quality.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Enters Old Ladies7 Home.Mrs. R.'.L. Grinnan.of this city, wasthe first to comply with the terms ofadmission to the Old Ladies' Home, anew institution in the city of Louisville, which is conducted under theauspices of the Christian church. Mrs.Grinnan willJhave the duties assignedto her as assistant matron andjis muchnleased with the home. The ladies ofthe Paris church will Undertake to furnisha memorial room at a cost of $100School Shoes.Go to Feld's and get your schoolshoes for boys, misses and children.Satisfaction guraaoteed. tfExParisian Sued for Divorce.Mrs. Minnie 'Katherine Coty, wifeof Mr. David Doty, formerly of Paris,filed suit in the Fayette Circuit Courtat Lexington for an absolute divorcefrom her husband and the custody oftheir child, a nine year old boy. William Edward Doty, and for an allowance pending the disposition of the suitand for permanent alimony.in her netition Mrs. Doty states thather husband has a confirmed habit ofdrunkenness which is accompanied bythe wasting of his estate and has madeno provision for the maintenance ofherself and child. The plaintiff further states that her nusband is ablebodied and capable of earning 80 permonth.Boys' School Clothes.' The kinri that are made for strong,sturdy, healthy boys that wear.J. W. DAVISJc'CO.Store Closed ThursdayFriday.andOur store will be closed Thursdayand Friday on account of Jewish hoi-lday HARRY SIMONIsgrig Heirs Divide Estate.To carry out the wishes of the deceased expressed verbally a short timebefore his death, the heir of thejlateWilliam Iserig, who died at his homenear Parison September 2, met Tuesday morning and agreed to divide theproperty as specified by their deceasedrelative. .Mr. Isgrig left no will but told thefamily a short time before his death,v.- Vio Hcpirpri each one to have, andthey have made a satisfactory settlement of thp estate by which his son,Mr. Sweeney Isgrig, receives the home'place containing 150 acres, located onthe Peacock pike. mThe daughter, MrF. Lisle Jaacoby received 100 acres on the Clay and Kiserpike and 50 acres adjoining the homeolace. Th widow. Mrs. Kate Isgrig,has been generously f provided lor andwill reside at the old home place withMr. Sweeney Isgrig.The heirs had the agreement reducedto writing and also agreed to the appointment of Mr. Daniel Isgrig, of ?ar, admiiitrator of the estate.Misses Elsie and Freida Heller leftyesterday for Lexington to enter StateUniversity.Miss Bessie Brown, of Dayton,Ky., is the guest of her sister, Mrs.H. J. Grosche.MiS3 Sarah Chowning has returnedto her home in Shelbyville after a visitto Miss Mary Kenney Webber.Mr. and Mrs. R. P. Dow have returned from an extended trip throughTennessee and North 'CarolinaMr. Warner Sayers has returnedto Cincinnati after a brief visit to thehome of Mr. and Mrs. H. M. Collins.Mrs. D. S. Jordan and children,Madie and Bill Jordan, are guests ofMiss Margaret Spillman.in Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. B . F. Adcock havemoved from this city to Winchesterwhere theywill reside in the future.Messrs. John Price and HiramKoseberry left Tuesday for Danvillewhere they will enter Central University. Misses Gertrude Bramel and Minerva Neal are attending the EasternKentucky State Normal School al Richmond.Miss Lizzette Parker has retrunedto Cincinnati where she will resumeher studies in voice culture at the College of Music.Mrs. Anna Pierce has returned toher home in Walnut Hills, Cincinnati,after a several weeks' visit to her sister, Mrs. E. C. Kiely.Mrs Lucy. Thorn ton Ellis, guestof her4aunt. Mrs Nellie Stoker Highand, is spending a few days with Mrs.M. C. Swinford, in Cynthiana.Mr. A. J. Austin and Misses Maryand Ruth Austin have returned froman extender! Ltrip to Toronto, Can.,Cleveland, O., and Niagara Falls.Misses Lois Finnell and FiankieThompson have returned to theirhomes in Georgetown after a visit toMiss Margaret Ardery in this city.Mr. and Mrs Clarence Ashurst andiittle son, Clarence Freeman Ashurst.will leave Sunday for Iron LithiatSprings, Va, for a two weeks' stayMiss Mary Mitchell Clay entertained a few of her young frienda witha watermelon party Tuesday afternoonat her home on the Winchester pike.Mr 'Allan Ashbrook. a fptudent at. , uAnnanolis Naval Academy, and a former resident of Paris, is thp guest ofhis cousin, Mr. Reuben Hutchcraft.Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Blakemorehave taken rooms with Mr. and Mrs.Thornwell Tadlock during the construction of their new home in ThorntonDivision.Reynolds Letton, of near Paris,sold to H. S. Caywood, of North Middletown, a bunch of 1,135 pound cattle,at 6 1-4 cents, to go tne first half ofSeptember.ShroDshire & Matlack, of Winchester, purchased a fine three year oldwalk trot filly from Reynolds Lettonof near Paris, the past week for S225.This is a three gaited mare.Mrs.Pearce Paton went to Covington Wednesday afternoon in companywith her grandmother, Mrs. Davidson,iwhn was railed to the bedside of herson Mr. Chas. Davidson, who is critically ill in that city.Mr. Edward Fithian left .yesterday for Millersburg where he will resume his studies at the MillersburgMilitary Institute. Mr LawrencePrice will go to Millersburg Mondayto enter the same institution.Miss Bonita Thompson, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. Robert Thompson, ofAmarillo, Texas, formerly of Bourboncounty, who has been visiting hergrandparents, Mr. and Mrs. G. C.Thompson, and other relatives here,left yesterday for herhome.Mr. W. A. Thomason, of nearNorth Middletown. received three carloads of extra fancy 1,000 pound feeding cattie last week. Mr. Thomasonalso bought two mules from a Fayettecounty farmer Monday. They werefour and five year old mare mules andcost Mr. Thomason 200 each.Miss Nellie Fithian left Tuesdayfnr Danville to resume her duties asteacher in CaldweDlCollege. She wasaccompanied by Miss Lavina Reynolds,of this county, who will enter the institution as a pupil. Miss FannieIngels, of Paris, also a member of thefaculty, joined them at Winchester,where she has been viBiting.'The Lexington Heraldaays: "Mr.William Renick Smith, of Dallas, Texas, spent luesuay iu iue city, ini.Smith is the composer of two quitepopular pieces, "That Viaduct Glide."and "On the Shores of Love," the latter now being played by the orchestraat the Phoenix. -Both -will be on saleat the local music stores in the nearfuture. Each has scored quite a success in the South. Mr. Smith is thegrandson of Mr. W. H. Renick. ofParis, ana nepnew or , non. AoramRenick, of Winchester. He has manyfriends in the Blue Grasi, where he hasvisited for many years."Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Colcord andson, Mr. Sidney Clay Colcord, ofNOTICE.The members of the BourbonCounty Democratic Committee are notified tn meet at the pnnrfc house inParis,TCy., at 3 o'clock p.Jm., standard 'nme on Saturday, September zi, iyiz.Business of importanceC. C. CLARE,Chairman Bourbon County Democratic Committtee.September 12, 1912.IFOR SALE.As attorney for estate of SallleLewis, deceased, I offer at private'sale-ifor her heirs at law a vacant lot front-1ing 50 feet on Paris and RuddlesMillspike and extending back a distance of.186 feet, in Ruddles Mills, this county.P. A. THOMPSON. Attorney. ,No. 4 Elks' Building,13 3t E. T.P hone 83. 'Switchman's Foot Crushed.As the result of an accidental fallin which he was thrown beneath thewheels of the yard engine in thesouth yards of the L. & N. railroad,in this city, Wednesday night about10 o'clock, Edgar Daugherty had onefoot so badly crushed that amputation was necessary.Daugherty, who was employed as aswitchman in the railroad yards, wasstationed at the Claysville underpass.The yard engine with a cut of carswas passing, and Daugherty, crossing the track over the underpass,stepped, on a loose plank as he wasabout to mount the pilot of the engine. Me was tnrown oeneatn inepony trucks and his left foot crushedto a pulp.A special train was made up andhe was hurried to the St. JosephHospital, in Lexington, where, afteran examination, it was found necessary to amputate the injured memberat the ankle. From the last reportshe is resting easy.Daugherty, whose home is in Corbin, is aged about 22 years, and hasbeen in the employ of the eompanyas switchman for about three monthsHe boarded with Mr. C. G. Lykins,on South Main street.Meeting Postponed.The call meeting of the DemocraticCountv Committee issued by Chairman C. C. Clark, was postpned untilSpetember 21 on account of a quorumnot being present at the meetingscheduled for yesterday.Farm Withdrawn.The farm of John and Samuel Ewalt,on the Ruddles Mills Dike, near thiscity, which was offered at public saleWednesday was withdrawn after beingbid to 91 per acre.City Property at Auction.The property of the late Mrs. M. F.Tuttle, situated at No. 35 W. Sixteenth street. Paris, Ky.. will be soldnt aeution Thursday. Sent. 19th. at 2r. m. II is convenient to car line andrailroad yards and must be sold to settle the estate.King's Trial Poptponed.The'case ot Harry King, of Carlisle,who was arrested in that city on awarrant issued from the Paris PoliceCourt, charging him with the recklessdriving of an automobile and whichwas set for trial this morning hasbeen postponed until Friday, September 20. King gave bond for his appearance in court on that date.WhileSummer'sMereKODAKNew Fall Goods,Having just returned from atour of the Eastern Markets weare in a position to show youthe very newest in Silks, DressGoods, Dress Trimmings, Laces,Lace Curtains, Neckwear andNovelties of every description.Come and help us make this aBanner Year. Your PatronageAppreciated.W. ED. TUCKER.KODAKS$5 up.BROWNIE(Almost Kodaks)$1.00 to $12.00.I LL3 -l 1SPECIALSDaugnenyfims16 lbs. GranuIatedTSugar $f.OQ8 boxes Searchlight Matches, (3 boxes 10c) 25c8 bars Lenox Soap - -. ..25cRoyal Baking Powder, 25c size, this week only..20cStone's Silver J31ice ancHJountry Club.Cakes.. 10-15C25;ib. sack Eldean Flour SOc12 lb. sack Eldean Flour 45cParowax, for sealing- 1 5cMason qt. Jars GOcMason pt. Jars 45cChase & Sanbonrs "Orange Pekoe" Tea, a can.. 20cBonita Tea, 1-2 lb. tins 35cFee's Grocery Co.ViBHilHfliHMLeggs Held to Crand Jury.Charley Leggs. arrested at the fairgrounds last week on a warrant issuedfrom the county court on the chargeof setting ud and operating a game ofchance was arraigned before .JudgeDenis Dundon in the county courtWednesday for his examining trialwhich resulted in his being held to thegrand jury. His bond was fixed at$300 in default of which he was remanded to jail. Leggs was operating a spinnel wheel at the fair groundand the warrant for his arrest was issued at the instance of County Attorney George Batterton.OJF,A Dinins: RoomSpecial.FOR SALE.fc-Buff Orpington hens for sale. S""MRS. J. H. EWALT,13 2t K T. Phone 617.-AirI WHYA TRUSTI DEPARTMENT?Realizing the advantages ofhaving a corporation to act asI in management of property asGuardian or Trustee,The Bourbon Bank andTrust Co.' IIwith a Capital Stock of $100,O0Uand Earned Surplus of $50,000,organized in 1887, having had inthat time the experience neces-sary in conducting a Trust Company, Therefore,Bourbon Bank 4 Trust Co.,Paris, Ky.has a Trust Department andSolicits Your Business.L. JSix Oak Dining Room Chairs,Genuine Leather SeatOne American Quartered DiningTable, 6 ft. Long When ExtendedOne American Quartered ChinaCabinet, Large and RoomyOne American Quartered Buffet5 ft. Wide Large Mirrorm--li'" iSee Window For These PeicesJ. T. HINTOIN.Vf , -tmsiAik-TV- ,OTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 13,1912Ui-t,MJl"SP.J!'u'mt? 141,!m41f?,h-'4.!HERE'STHEHOGI30URBON REMEDY CO.,Lexington, Ky. xEsclosed find photo of hog: that was cured ofcholera -with your Bourbon Hoe Cholera Remedy. This hog: was almost dead before usingthe medicine, and then was entirely cured, except loss of ears, tail, etc. The hogls owned byMr- Sidles Ewinjr, of Bowling Green, Ky. Hewill be glad to give you a testimonial, and wocan get several more If you want them.JENKINS-SUBLETT DRUG CO..Bowling Green, Ky.Ask Your Druggist for It.For Sale dy W. T. Brooks.Insure with W. 0. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfFOR RENT.A modern five room cottage on Walker avenue. Possession given at once.ADply toSep 3 3t LEE STARKE.EXCURSIONlParis, Ky.? toCincinnati, 05And Return.SDNDAY,SEPIEMBERI5,i912,fare $1.50 And Return.Excursion Train' leaves 7thStreet Station Returning to Parisat 7 p. m. iTickets good only day o:fsale.Por further information, call on or'WriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent.or J. K. SMITH, T. A.DR. DOLLE'SMESSAGE TOYOU CAN BE CURED BYi.KKINIP cH"K"M"H'W"K'K"H"W"I"I"1"H-SXJ.tSerenading FeliciaAn Interruption That Only 2Delayed His Love Story.By OTHO B. SENGA.DE. C. L. DOLLS, sWhy Take Treatment That Is Doing Ton2T Good, When a. Tew Days, under the careef Dr. Dalle "Will Show You How Easy ItIs to Cure Tiie&e Diseases "Wlien the ProperTreatment Is Administered.Have you treated for months and years, and"been disappo nted untl you thmk that you can3ot be cure I ? You, no aoubt, all this time havebeen treated by mexpe-ienced doctors who hadneither suSIcicnt knowledge nor experience toinow how to cure you.Tkeso are fr.o diseases of Tvlileli I havered eo marsy, juftly plving ijic tlio reputation for cures of vrlrich. I am so proud.j Blood 2isDasss, Skin DiseasesT -wrill give you treatment that will in a fewdart cure all rash, spots and every sign andsymptom. My treatment gets the poison out ofthe system instead of driving it in like ordinarytreatments. I cure blood diseases and skin diseaee so they cannot come back.Varicocele, causing aching or pain in.groin or back, Nervousness, Weakness,Xoss of Vitality, Lack of AmbitionMy one-treatment cure is what you shouldluxe and what j ou will have to ha e to be curedright. Only one visit :s required. I do no cuttine and you suffer no pain nor trouble. Alltigns disappear ia a few days.Kervous Troubles, Lost VitalityIf y combined treatment for these troubles eoooasimonjamong those who have become weak and"wocnout, who have caused it by folly, dissipationnd excesses, is remarkably good. No one belie esiow quickly it benefits until they have taken it.It overcomes weakness nervousness, pain in"back, lack of energy, ambition and strength it'sJst the treatment I have found so effective iatreating such diseases.Kidney and Bladder Troublesre scientifically cured by me. My methods im--aaediatelybenefit you, and the majority of casesI cure come from physicians and specialists whodailed.IHc Ficf-fila lean cure you so1ICS, rlLUicte quietly and easilythat you will be surprised. I will give you justbe result and cure you are looking for withoutsurgical operation.Acilte DleaC Itching, BurningrkAA us LIiCct2Ci etrong drug storeremedies seldom cure. 3f y treatment stops everyTptom and cures in a few days. It is scientificIbat's the only sure way to be cured so it will30t cose back., Tea wa take my Treatment without aat aa4 pay me after I cure you. I, knowttttt I can give you new life, new hope, and can, tm tore you back to health and happiness. I-teow that every man will pay after I nave ellmJted every trace of disease from his system.Microscopical and analytical urinalysis FREE.I have writeen a book that ought to be in theiwafle of every suffering man in this country. Imm. eead you a copy, free, if you will write me atMe tbe disease for which you desire treatement,Kows, 9 to 4 : Sundays, 9 to 1 p. m. Evenings,T W S. on Xofiday, Wednesday and Saturday nightsC. L. DOLLE, M. D.Owe Columbia Theater 525 Walnut St, betweenFifth and Sixth Streets.Ofie easy te find, as all that is necessary is tofsrtiftCfauBbia Theater, and aay one can,il JWH tfciB."Run out, children; run out and play,"coaxed Felicia, "shooing" them alongwith the skirt of her pretty gown."You come, too, Aunt Fillie," begged Jimmie. "You said you'd play today." "I'm going to be very busy thismorning, Jimmie," evaded Felicia."Going to try on?" cried Gladys ecstatically. "Oh, do let me stay!""I'm not going to 'try on,' Gladys.It isn't the dressmaker who is coming,"Felicia smiled happily.The brown eyes of Bobby the adorable opened wider and then narrowedknowingly. "You goin' to have p'tic'lar comp'nyV he demandedFelicia's joyous laugh rang outsweetly. "Yes, Bobby, very particular company.""I'll bet anything it's Mr. Parker,"grumbled Jimmie. "1 don't want to goaway if it is.""Oh, let us stay!" cried Gladys, jumping up and down. "Mr. Parker '11 wantto see us. He always does. You, know.Aunt Fillie," argumentatively, "hesaid the other day he was very fondof children.""Yes, 1 "know," hurriedly, "he is fondof children good children, obedientchildren""Then we'll thtay," agreed Donaldplacidly."Of course," assented Gladys andJimmie with one accord, seating themselves on the steps with cheerful alacrity. "Come on, Bob," Jimmie added patronizingly. But the adorable one stood aloof, regarding Felicia with gravely reproachful eyes. "Has he got somepin' p'tic'lar to say to you?" frigidly.Felicia laughed and blushed rosily."I think so, Bobby," gently. "Now,Jimmie," coaxingly, "you are the oldestyou ought to set the others a goodexample. Take them away and havethem play something. I want to talkwith Mr. Parker a little while, andthen perhaps we'll play."Jimmie rose grandly. "I'm mostnine," importantly. "I'll boss the others. Come on, kids."He stopped and turned to his prettyaunt with masculine superiority. "Butif you're smart you won't keep Mr.Parker shut up in that dark parlorvery long. I bet he druther play 'timbuktu.' Come on, Bob. What youstandin' there for?"Felicia paused on the steps and looked back apprehensively. The adorableone stood in the path, his feet plantedwide apart, his hands thrust into thejpockets of the recently acquiredtrousers and a faraway look upon hisbeautiful face ihat somehow filledFelicia's heart with foreboding. Hadshe known Bobby better she mighthave feared less or more! She randown the steps and laid a detaininghand on Jimmie's arm."Jimmie, dear," she whispered impressively, "remember that Bobby isyour guest, and you must do everything you can to make him happy.""All right," gruffly, still with a senseof being defrauded. "Come, Bobby.""Go with the others, Bobby," coaxedFelicia alluringly; "they will show youtheir pets."He brought his heaven turned eyesdown to her face."Some day," he breathed sweetly, "Ishall give you a Sarah Nade.""So you shall, Bobby," gratefully,"whenever you wish."Bobby skipped away, and Felicia ransinging up the steps."Isn't it sweet of him?" she thought."I never heard him sing except thatonce at All Saints. I don't wonder theycall him the adorable one! Such alively thought, to give me a serenade!""This is my dorg," introduced Jimmie proudly. "His name is Bunch o'Brightness, but we call him Bunch forevery day. Get your cat, Glad. Glad'scat is a blue ribboner!"The big, fluffy Persian was broughtout for the admiration of the guest,who regarded it with coldly criticaleyes."Where's Don's pet?""It's a parrot," explained Gladys."He's in the house in a cage. Whenwe got Fluff we had to shut the parrotup, 'cause he wanted to pick Fluff'seyes out""You orter hear the parrot talk!"cried Jimmie. "He can say 'Now's thetime,' 'Go it, old boy,' and 'I'll bet onyou' plain as I can.""Let's bring him out," tempted theadorable one, "and look at all threetogether and see which is the nicerest" "Oh, we can't!" cried Gladys hastily."If they should fight Aunt Fillie wouldbe most scart to death."The back of the adorable one isturned squarely upon the timorousGladys. "Girls," witheringly, "are always scart!""I guess we'd better, Glad," said Jimmie slowly. "She said do everythingwe could to make Bobby happy.""We'll make everybody happy," answered Bobby serenely. "We'll giveher a Sarah Nade!""What's a Sarah Nade?""He means lemonade," interposedGladys, anxious for reinstatement.'Til help make it""No, it's a Sarah Nade singing andand bringing gifts. You make apcession and have your pets" for gifts,and we'll all sing.""Can't we drres up?" The girl neverwanders far from her wardrobe."Naw!" in cpneert from the thresjmasculines."Oh, I mean play dress up," pleadedGladys. "I'll put on one of mamma'sdress skirts, and Jimmie can put onpapa's coat.""Has it got tails?" The possibilitiesof the proposal appeal to the adorableone."I can find one with tails," eagerly"two tails.""All right. Can't you put a skirt on,Don? Then there'll be two ladies andtwo gentlemens in the Sarah Nade."Don objected, but his minority votewas not recorded, and twenty minuteslater the procession stole noiselesslyup the steps and opened the door intothe cool, dark hall.Don, bearing the bellicose parrot,staggered patiently up the front of hismother's new tailored skirt; Gladys,with Fluff's claws digging wildly intoher bare arms, switched the train of apale blue foulard; Jimmie held hishand over the quivering jaws of theanxious Bunch and divided his attention between the trailing silk draperies in front of him and the two tailsthat dragged the ground at his rear.The adorable one, walking somewhatremotely, bore no indication of any participation in the proceedings.Don pushed aside the portiere at theparlor door."In a Sarah Nade," the manager hadexplained before starting, "every onesings the things he likes best. Just asquick as we reach the curtains all begin!" Don was like the heroes at Balaklavanot his to question why. He pokedhimself into the dim, sweet smellingroom and opened his mouth in a doleful howl. Gladys pushed in close behind him, shrilly yelling; Jimmie planted both feet firmly on the blue foulardand gruffly vociferated in an imitationbass.Their entrance was evidently nothappily timed. An athletic young mansprang to his feet with a smotheredexclamation, and Felicia was silentfrom sheer consternation.Don's next step, gasping "Where thelove in your eyes I could see," wasinimical to renewals of any sort. Being born under Cancer, his movementswere usually sidewise and crablike,and the clinging broadcloth skirt added to his uncertainty of balance. Hefell heavily, and his chubby foot andlegs upset the shrieking Gladys andbowled the valiant rug and bonevender on top of his suffering sister.Gladys in falling grasped despairinglyat the legs of the astonished Parkerand brought him to his knees on thehowling heap.Poll escaped from Don's clutches andinstituted a severe investigation ofevery leg, arm or body within reachof her vicious beak, clamoring incessantly: "Go it, old boy! Now's thetime! I'll bet on you!"v Bunch o'Brightness showed his fighting bloodin violent attacks on Poll and theyowling Persian.The man disentangled himself angrily and turned to the now hysterical !girl. "I suppose you call this funny,Miss Austin, but I must confess myidea of a joke fails to coincide withyours."He stepped grimly over the struggling mass, kicked Bunch not gentlyand with apparent relish cuffed thesqueaking parrot."Glad tidings of great joy I bring,"sang a seraphic voice as Parker strodeinto the hall. The adorable one wasstanding in his most admired Sundaypose, his hands loosely clasped beforehim and his beautiful face turned 'upward. He smiled beatifically into Parker's face and completed his carol."Did she like it?" with sweet solicitude. "Did she like the Sarah Nade?""Bobby," sternly, "who put up thisjob, and what is it for?""Me," proudly. "We wanted to Sarah Nade her."From the parlor came a pitiful soband then a shrill, insistent, childishvoice, "Did he say, Aunt Fillie did hesay that p'tie'lar thing he came tosay?"Parker went back."I didn't, Gladys, but I'm going tonow. I won't be driven off so easily."And, to the astonishment of the serenades, he took Aunt Fillie in hisarms, whispering swift, passionatewords that brought back the sweetflush to her cheeks and a tremulous,happy smile to her lips."TO THE LEAST"SHALL BE GIVENCaustic Wit of an Indian.Senator Warren tells it. A youngman got married, moved to Wyomingfrom the middle west and took up alarge tract of land, on Warren's recommendation, near the Shoshone reservation A number of the more educated Indians in the neighborhood workedfor him by the day from time to time.One morning he was called away to begone all day, and his young wife, being timid, locked herself in the house.An Indian came and knocked on thedoor, seeking employment, but thewife, thinking of stories she had readin her school history of Indian outrages, feared to open the door. At lastshe compromised by raising an upstairs window a couple of inches andinquiring what the man wanted."You act frightened," observed theIndian after learning that her husband wasn't around."Yes; I feel a little timid," admittedthe woman."You needn't be," said the Indianearnestly. "There isn't a white manwithin ten miles." Philadelphia Ledger. Art of the Future.Commenting on the eccentricities ofthe "futurist" art exhibition in Berlin, Lustige Blatter says: "At last weknow the true standard by which tojudge great paintings. If you can tellwhat a picture means when you lookat it, it is no' work of art",By ADA WILKERSON.Ever since Joshua died Mary AnnPenrose had been saving up to buy anew altar cloth for the church.Joshua was Mary Ann's husband,and he had been dead ten years. Inlife Joshua had been a great trial tohis wife. He was a carpenter, and agood carpenter, when they were married. He had built their little homehimself, and presented it to Mary AnnOn her wedding day."That's how I come to still own it,"she said the day she told me about thealtar cloth."Josh would a' sold it long ago if ithadn't been all mine. He hit me once,when he was in liquor, 'cause Iwouldn't sign it over to him so hecould sell it. But I wouldn't. I wasalways firm in that, no matter howmuch Josh wanted money for painkiller."The place where he busted hisshoulder once when he fell off a scaffold always hurt in damp weather, an'Josh just naturally took to drinkln' toease the pain. It's a hlessin' the Lordnever sent us any children. He woulda' sold the clothes off their backs ferdrink. But when he was himself healways said he wouldn't ever take myhome away from me."Goodness knows I had a hardenough time to save money for thetaxes. I used to hide it in the oldbrass teapot I kept 'way back in thecorner of the cupboard, an' he neveronce thought of lookin' there."But since he's been dead I misshim. Poor old Josh! He was a goodhusband, an' I always wanted to givesomethiin' to the church as a memorial. I thought about one of themfancy winders, but they cost too much,so I settled on an altar cloth, whitesatin, all worked in gold, like the oldone, only lots nicer, with more goldand some pieces of glass that looklike jewels."I saw one once, when I was visitin'in the city, an' I have my mind seton one like it."It would just do me good to set inGrace Chapel every Sunday an' seeone of them handsome white and goldcloths hangin' over the pulpit."I had money fer it all saved upa hundred and fifty dollars in theteapot. Teapots is safer than banks.An' I was a-goin' to go to the city togit the new fixin's, when along comethat poor, forlorn woman, Mrs.Quick, sellin' buttons and thread, lace,darnin' cotton and needles she had ina basket. She told me she had tramped all the way from the city. Herhusband was killed workin' on therailroad, and she was tryin' to gitmoney to buy her baby some clothes."Poor soul! She was staggerin'sick when she come to my door. Ijust had to take her in she was anice, clean little woman, too an' sowhite an' miserable lookin'."Of course, I had to git the doctor;but he couldn't do nothin' to saveher she hadn't had nourishin' foodor the right kind of livin' for so long.Her strength was all gone."Both of us did everything we could,and Miss Artman come over to help,but it wasn't any use. Doctor saidthe baby had taken all his mother'svitality an you ought to see what ahusky little fellow he is. He's asleepnow, but when he wakes up I'll letyou hold him a while. He's just aspretty and bright!"His mother give him to me beforeshe passed away, an' said she wantedhim named for his father David soI have named him David JoshuaQuick."It took all the altar cloth moneyfor medicine for the mother andclothes for little David and the funeral; but Josh, he'll understand thatmy memorial to him will be the upbringin' of the livin' child, 'stead ofthe altar cloth."Last Sunday I went to church early, before anybody else was thereand I told the Lord how I had to usethe money I saved to decorate his 1house. And it seemed as I knelt thereand looked at that old cloth a-hangin'over the pulpit that the gold lookedbrighter and better than it had fera long time, and it seemed when Ihad finished tellin' my story to theLord, it seemed I could hear a whisper through the silence, like thetreas outside the window werea-whisperin' together, and it seemedlike it said: 'Inasmuch as thou hastdone it unto one of the least of thesemy children, thou hast done it untome.'"So, I guess the Lord understands,too."Drew the Line.Pa had been at work for threedays digging a well, and as the foreman wanted it finished within theweek he had promised Pat anotherman to help him. It was getting onfor eleven o'clock, and Towser, theforeman's bulldog, was looking overthe edge of the pit, when Pat said tohimself: 'Til have a smoke."He had just filled his pipe, and wasabout to light It, when he glanced upand beheld Towser's handsome features. Slowly removing the pipe from hismouth, he said: "Be-e-egprra, Oi'vewor-rked wid Germans and Hengar-T-rrians,and Oi've worrked wid Oltalians and niggers, but if a man wid aface like that comes down herd towork beside me Oi get up."The Way to Date."You say you hope to become engaged to a suffragette?""Well, I'm going to submit the question to a referendum consisting of hertwo sisters and her parents." ,amrrowwunfBJob Printing)WORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!TRE J2B RGOfflS OFTHEBERBNNewsV (Are prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short liotice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOG,POSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.'Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.the Bourbon news,104 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and. madeknown on application.fciiiiiiWiUWUiiikS, 1--t ,fixV. . f,'IEA.-Jrti3Mt rjs1,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1912i 'iMMaWMMMWWBBWirflMCurtis Henry & Co.,Groceries, Drygoods, Fresh and CuredMeats, Vegetables, Fruits, Etc.iIf it comes from Henry's it's all right,because they handle the best and freshestthe markets afford. Their store is clean, freefrom flies, and evrything is handled in a'san-itaryway. When you deal with them youget polite attention and prompt delivery, noextra charge for either.Call either 'phone 442, and they will beglad to serve you.CURTIS HENRY . CO.9 Cor. 1 4th and Main IhmmmmmmmmammmmmmmmmmmmmaSmrrkiwwwT-ErsvmhHSI sfUxIiyil Rylylft MDepartment StoreCor. 7th and MainWiiWi..R0!WOBP9 jiQH'PUSZA&iSPECIALPrice This WeekExtra FineROYAL CORSETAll SizesAll Lengths 93cCall in andExamine Them.PARIS,KENTUCKY.IN THE CLUTCHESOF GOLF FRENZYiWhen a New PerfectionComes in at the DoorHeat and Dirt Fly Outiat the, Window.Af.What would it mean to you to haveheat and dirt banished from your kitchenthis summer to be free from the blazingrange, free from ashes and soot?Ziew TerfeetioKOil Cock-StoveThis Stovesaves Time 1It saves LaborIt saves Fuel 'It saves YOUMade with 1 , 2 and 3 bumera, with Ions, enameled, turquoise-bluechimneys. Handsomely finished throughout.The 2- and 3-burner stovescan be bad with of without acabinet top, which is fitted withdrop shelves, towel racks, etc.Ail dealers carry the NewPerfection Stove. Free CookBook with every stove. CookBook also given to anyonesending 5 cents to cover Baail-tsgcosUWkh tKe New Pccfoctwa Oven, the New PerfectionStore is the ojt complete cooking device oa the market.It Is ?arf a otack and haady. too. for washing and ironing.STANDARD OIL COMPANY(fcaesrperated ia Keateeky)CerkwlM. KrA Lmt3U. Ky4 Allaata. Cau; B irai-ekaa. AU J J.cks.iivfflen.,"There Is nothing else so sad," declared the woman who had the floor,"as to view a strong man in theclutches of that perfidious disease, thegolf fever. He becomes as a smallboy who runs home joyously to relatehow he played 'keeps' and won all themarbles from the other small boys,or else wants comfort because theywon his marbles."After a successful afternoon at hisclub Edward returns to his familyso excited that he doesn't knowwhether the dish before him is pickleddoormats or porterhouse steak. Hebegins talking at once, while I sitwaiting for a break in his talk, sothat I can ring for more butter orask for water, and while the childrenhold on to their chairs by main force,starving to death because he has forgotten to serve them, and they knowpapa must not be interrupted whenhe is talking."'Yes,' Edward says, 'I licked 'emtoday! Never saw such a score.'(Business of fishing score card frompocket.) 'Why, the third and sixthand seventh I made in two less thanbogey think of it, two less! Andthe first and fourth and the nextthree over the twelfth I did in bogeyand the others in just one over no,by Jove, I did the nineteenth in lessthan bogey, too!'"'Why!' I murmur. 'That was ascore, certainly! Will you pass '"'Hopkins plays a close game,' Edward proceeds cheerily. 'I had tolook sharp to win over him. I thoughtI was lost when he did that 220-yarddrive at the third hole, and if I dosay it, I'm strong on driving!'"'Yes, you are, dear,' I agree,brightly. 'Will you please give Eddiesome of the ' -" 'The committee ought to have thelong grass on the tenth mowed,' Edward breaks in, fiercely. 'It's a disgrace to the club! The caddies delib-i crately lose the balls in that grass.I nearly reported my caddy todaypaid no attention to the game at all.I made a fine drive and he was looking the other way! I '"'Boo-ho-o-oo!' some one of the children wails when hunger grows unendurable. Then Edward peers abouthim unseeingly and wants to knowwhat on earth ails Eddie or Jane. Isuggest that if they get a share of thedinner they may feel better."Sometimes I go out to the club tojoin Edward for dinner. If you areon the terrace when the golfers comein, hot and grimy and disheveled aftertheir round, you get it full force. Yousee two men sawing the air and shouting like a political convention and getting purple in the face and acting asthough they were just waiting to bedared to jump at each other and clawand scratch. But all in the world thatis happening is that one of them is explaining why he lost a stroke at seventh hole and the other Is insistingthat he should by good rights havelost two if he had scored correctly.Or, maybe one of them is saying thegreen at the eleventh hole slopes upand the other is declaring that Itslopes down."I admire the reserve force in agolfer. He will tramp five miles under a sun that would fry eggs, usingup good muscle swatting a ballaround, and arrive at the club lookingas though he was going to die ofapoplexy, if not just plain exhaustion.As you wildly start to bring him firstaid to the injured another golfer inlike condition makes some remark towhich he objects and then they're offat a mile a minute gait, arms whirring like windmills, quarreling overthe best way to get a ball out of thegully behind the twelfth green."The winners are the worst. Theytake a shower and put on their niftiest clothes and prance up and downall that evening, explaining just howbad the other fellows were. GolfIs the only game in which it is sportsmanlike to run down your opponent.It is really expected of you and if youdon't do it you are instantly suspected of being no gentleman."Still, I approve of golf clubsthey're such nice places to go for adinner on a hot night when your cookhas left!" Chicago Daily News.Culture.Culture may be divided into threeclasses: Musical, literary and artistic. Musical culture is made up ofmotifs, money and half-nakedness. Inits most virulent form it is seen atgrand opera.Literary culture consists of equalparts of rhapsody, hysterics, toadyIsm and simple mania. It is incurablein extreme cases. In the case ofyoung women, a sudden marriagesometimes works wonders.Artistic culture is divided into realistic, impressionistic and mystic. - Inthe realistic we see things as. wethink they are; in the impressionistic, as we hope they never will be;in the mystic, we look mysterious andfrankly admit that it would be noearthly use to impart to commonminds our own superior opinions.Lippincott's.Deserted!One member of the motor car partywas very tired. He did not alight atthe last two or three controls andpresently was dead to the world.When he woke up he found himselfon the back seat alone and with a redlamp glaring at him fiercely."Fine thing," he was heard to say."Left alone on a railroad track andWith an engine almost on top of me."The lamp indicated a boulevardturn and the others of the party wereMarking Keys.If you have a number of keys to thestable, shed, henhouse and such buildings that look and feel about alike,put wooden tags on theni with onenotch for the stable, two notches forthe henhouse, etc. You can tell at aglance, then, or by feeling them if itis dark, which key is the right one.NOTICE.I have just secured a new barberfrom Chicago and am Drepared to givethe public first class service. Give mea call. Shop is equipped with electricfans to keep you cool. Three firstclass barbers. My bath tubs are always"ready aug2tf BUCK FREEMAN.KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."HourlyHigh Speed ThroughService.Paris Lexington FrankfortDivision.Lexingtonafter the8:15 p. m.onlyCars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort eery hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m.,and at 10 p. m.. the last car going onlyas far as VersaillesCars leave Lexington for Versailles.Frankfort and Paris, every hour from6 a. m. until 7 p. m, and at 9 andll d.m., the last car going only as far asVersailles.Cars leave Versailles 'forand Paris every 15 minuteshour from 6 :15 a. m. untiland at 11 :15 p. m.. last car goingas far as Lexngton.Cars leave Versailles for Frankfortevery 45 minutes after the hour from6 :45 a. ro. until 7 :45 p. m., and at 9 :45p. m.Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington and Paris every thirty minutes after the hour from 6:30 'a. m.until 7:30 p. m., and 10:30 p . m., thelast car going only as far as Lexington. GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTON-NICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexington and Nicholasville every forty-fiveminutes after the honr from 5 :45 a. m.until 6:45 p. m., and at 8:05 and 10:05p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville every thirty minutes after thehour from" 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 Jp. m.,and at 9 and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville tor Lexington every fifteen minutes after the hourfrom 6:15 a. m. until 8:15jp.m. and 3a10 :15 p.Tm.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetown every hour on the hour from 6a. m. until 7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p.m.No 6 a. m. cars on Sunday .17-tfGood Qualities.He alone is worthy of respect whoknows what is of use to himself andothers, and who labors to control hisself-will. Each man has his own fortune in his hands; as the artist -has apiece of rude matter, which he is tofashion to a certain shape. But theart of living rightly is like all arts;the capacity alone is born with us;It must be learned, and practiced withIncessant care.Jttrnk EangborttManicuring 35, Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfaction:guaranteed.augl6tfEast Tenn. Phoe 66frHra.raixaM6waacrezigg4TL? 12)P1 OSS1 9910& wfI380SEPTEMBERJL JL$ JL&s JL3 JLIb3 ?8fpgid ;? x&& J ft Li 'DAYS 6 419 m1912 IAT THE j- "' 'ILIBERAL PREMIUMS OFFEREDl r-i Di.y Races Fp.lE Attractions Clean Midway 'UBERATTS BANDFarmer Bor.i School Uncanjpnier.t REDUCED RAILROAD RATESFor Information, Entry Blanks, Catalogue, AddressJ. l. DENT, SECY.320 PAUL JONES BUILDING LOUISVILLE. KYyfB&yjBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in ooing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelanndry line. That is whaymade ihe Bonrbon Laundrtfamous f oi- fine work and itdever goes b"Bck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatesBourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky.! 0 FLKNDERS 2SSB-atoniobilos EMF." !. J4. ' ' S jjm t You Want the Best mH Not the Cheapest mmi I - viw' -el- j-., uon c J -.. TCri MFlanders "20" Roadster, $750Don't be alarmed if somebody tells you you can buy an automobilefor less money than the $750 Studebaker-Flanders "20." You can, butyou better not. The Flanders "20" corresponds point by point with thebest and highest priced cars sold. Cheaper cars at every vital point arebuilt on ideas long ago discarded for good cars. Don't take our word forit. Make comparisons and see.The Studebaker-Flanders "20" is a marvel a high grade modern carat a low price. If you pay less you buy much less. And the cheaper cartoday vill cost you far more in the long run. The competing car isn'tsold which the Studebaker Corporation, the greatest automobile manufacturers in the world, couldn't reproduce for less money; but we won'tbuild a cheap car, because the name "Studebaker" means the best foryour money.If you are content with a car that runs today and dies tomorrow,don't buy the $750 Flanders "20." It will wear fcr years. Rememberthis the Studebaker-Flanders "20" will outwear 2 to 1 any other carunder $1100 and give you double satisraction, confidence and comfortinto the bargain.Y,'c can prcce itSend fcr r.czv cztclogaei, Jil lJl . L-li- v- t xU& t d.ADctro;j-- Mich.Honrbon Garage & Supply Company.sferijsf ..,.-L-T'CV. "1HI'M1putting on a new tird, g- f- - Tfi-rTHEV BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 13, 112!; (jit .i'J.r; '.;.rIf 1Nh':h " .fIntfcL1isk7?nGEO. W.HJNEKAl DIRECTOR ANDBOTH'PHONES DAT137; NIGHT 399.:m 4tZhe Bome of Correct footwear'PAN COHEN!THESCHOOLSAREOPEN!Let the children start right witha pair of good, up-to-date servicable Shoes. Our great purchase ofFall stocks assures you of a choiceselection of snappy, upto-the-minxite footwear that will stand therough wear at prices ofOne -Third LessTheir Real Values!We have a large assortment ofhigh top and regular cut Shoes inall leathers and in all popularstyles, whether for school, dress or"work.FalliCxoodsCrowding Us ForRoom !This week we will clean out allremaining Summer Shoes and Oxfords at sacrifice pricesSpecials While They Last.$3.00 and $3.50 Ladies'Shoes and Pumps, now.ladies' $2.00 White Two-strapPumps, nowMesses' and Children's durable Kidton Shoes, specialA round-up of all odds and ends of Ladies' Jjk gEOxrords, $2 and $2.50 values, now. "frww(Sizes 2 1-2 to 4 1-2)Advance Pall SpecialMen's high-gradeFootwear, including all the advance styles this Fall in Tan, Gun fliMetal and Patent, a great value... HfcDAN COHEN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky. . 1SotDAVISLICENSED EMBALMER.WhiteS1.99S1.24But-99c9iQQIS2S 3MILLEISBURG ITEMS.Misses Sadie and Rachelill with tonsilitis.Berry areMr. Richard Judy, ofis the guest of his uncle,Middlebsoro,Mr. W.- S.Judy.Miss Mary Peed of Mayslick. is theguest of her cousin, Miss JJarolinePeed.Mrs. Moore, of Falmouth, is theguest ofjier cousin, MissJFlorence Vimont. Messrs. Richard Bishop and S. W.Gault are each building a cottage inJudyville.Misses Irene and Delia Pol returnedhome Monday after v'siting friendsnear Paris.Rev. T. W. Watts, of Covington, wasthe guest of Mr. D. P. Jones and ;family Wednesday and Thursday.Mrs. Thos. Smith and son, Kewel,visited friends at Portsmouth, O.,from Monday until Wednesday.Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Berry and littleson, of Brooksville, were guests ofMr. and Mrs. Clemon Insko this week.Mr. J. B. Cray has rented roomsfrom Miss Bettie F. Vimont and willoccupy them about the first of October. Mr. and Mrs. T. D . Judv wereguests of Mr. and Mrs. K. B. Hutchens at.Lexington Tuesday and Wednesday. Mr. R. L. Harney and family movedWednesday to Carlisle from the property of Mrs. Amanda Mastin on MainstreetMr. John Shea and family movedThursday tothe property of Mrs. Mastin vacated by Mr.j Harney s fromMiller flat.Mr. J. G. Clifford and family hasrented the property of Mr. J. P. Auxier infJudyville and will occupy it ina few days.Miss Delia McConnell left Tuesdayfor her home at Mt. Olivet after athree weeks' visit to Mr. and Mrs.Aaron McConnell.Mr. and Mrs. R. M. Johnson returned Monday after a three weeks'visit to Columbus, Ohio, where thevtook in the State Fair.Dr.lW. S. Dailey, who has been under treatment at Dale Sanatarium inLexington for the pat several weekswill return home. Saturday.FOR SALE Forty thousand goodoak tobacco sticks, four feet fourinches long.10 2t PEALE COLLIER & CO.Services Sunday morning and evening at Presbyterian church by thepastor, andlatthe Methodist chuch bythe forruier pastor, Rev. W. A. Swift.Mrs. Thos. Smith and family movedThursday to rooms in the home ofMrs. America Butler from the cottageof Miss Anna Conway on Main street.Mr. A. M. Vaught and- niece, MissMilfred, of Parker, Ind., and MissLaura Hutchens, of Lexington, wereguests of Miss Belle Taylor Judy lastweek. -Mrs. J. B. Marcum and l family arrived Wednesday from Jacksun andwill occupy the property of Mr. C. E.Bryan vacatedby xur. E . T. Beedingand family.Rev. H. S. Hutson, of bharpsburg,will fill, the pulpit of the pastor R,ev.R. S. Sanders, at the Presbyterianchurch Sunday morning. Rev. Sanders will preach at Moorefield.Mr. J. T.rAdair is doing well withhis coop of chickens at the KentuckyState Fair , in Louisville this week.Mr. Adair has taken twelve premiumswith his prize chickens.Mis. Mary Whaley and daughter,Miss Nancy, returned Sunday after aweeks visit to relatives at Moorefield.Mrs. Mary Whaley was the gueBtTuesday of her mother, Mrs. Myers,at Paris.The remains of Mr. W. R. Becraf t.of Paris, were interred Wednesday athigh noon in the Millersburg cemeteryafter a short service at the grave. Anumber of friends and relatives fromParis accompanied the remains.Messrs. M. P. Collier, Bert McClintock, J. J. Peed, J. C. Leer, Thos. McClintock and grandchildren, Stanleyana" Alice McChntock, were among thenumber at the Kentucky State Fair atLouisville Tuesday and Wednesday.TheM. F. C. and Jthe M. M. I.opened Tnursdaywith a good enrollment. Students and teachers beganarriving as early as Tuesday eveningand every train Wednesday broughtothers. The outlook is encouraging.There are many who will not come before the first of the week. Bothschools bid fair to be large. ThePublic School opened Monday with anenrollment of 49.Rev. W . A. Swift returned Tuesdayfrom the conference of the M. &.church, South, at Danville. It willbe remembered that he was appointedtraveling editor of the Central Methodist Advocate. He will continue hisresidence in Millersburg if ,a suitablehouse can be found. If not he will goto Lt-xington. He will determineearlv next week as to his future home,as Rev. J. D. ttedd, the newly appointed pastor, will arrive at that time.Nineteen Miles a Secondwithout a iar, shock or disturbance, isthe awful speed of our earth throughspace. We wonder at auch ease of nature's movement, and so do those whotake Dr. King's New Life Pills. Nogriping, no distress, just thorough workthat brings good health and fine feelings. 25 cents at Oberdorfer's.Man Really Useful.For certain equable, continuousmodes of life, there is nothing morethan judgment necessary, and westudy to attain nothing more; so webecome unable to discern what extraordinary services each, vulgar dayrequires of us; or if we do discernthem, we find abundance of excusesfor not doing tbem. A judicious manIs valuable to himself, but of littlejralue for the general whole. Goeta,.STOCK, CK0P AND FARM NOTES.Mr. H. S. Caywood, of North Midvdlet)wn, has been in Clark where hehas purchased several mule cults fromparties in that county at prices ranging from 150 to 175 per head.John Crockett, of Sharpsburg, purchased last week from Bourbon farmers 19 head of suckling mules forwhich he paid an aggregate sum ofS18.860, or nearly $100 per head.The Carlisle Advocate says : "RoySmith claims i.the honor on fancypeaches for the season. He says heweighed 24 that tipped the scales at 17pounds. He says they were so largethat it was impossible to put them ina pint cup."Mr.. W. G. McClintock purchasedyesterday from Mr. W. B. Woodfordthirty-five head of export cattle whichaveraged 1460 pounds and for whichhe paiud 7 1-2 cents per pound. Thecattle were in prime condition for export and the sum involved in the purchase was 3,907.50.The entire State is threatenedwith a milk famine on account ot theshortage of dairy cows. The cause ofthe shortage is that dealers and farmers are keeping but a few cows onhand, because of the law requiring thetuberculin test for all dairy cows, andalso said that the present high priceof beef makes the value of cowsgreater for slaughteiing purposes thanfor dairy use.A writer in the Stanford Journalis the first of the season to come outwith a prediction as to the turkeycrop. He says: "The turkey crop inCentral Kentucky will be unusuallylight this season, and it is very easilyseen to be growing smaller each year.Recent census reports compared withthose of former decades, showing thatuor holiday bird will soon be extinct."The Board of Regents of the Eastern Kentucky Normal 'School hasclosed a deal with Lem Whitaker bywhich the institution has bought hisfarm of 112 acres within three milesof Richmond and considered one oft he.best pieces of land in Madisoncounty.taB the site of a training farmfor boys in connection with their othercourses at the school. The price paidwas about $167 an acre.A report to the United States Department of Commerce and Labor fromConsul Harry A. Conant, at Windsor,Ontariio, (Contains much interestinginformation regarding the culture oftobacco in that section of Canada.Ths growing of tobacco is fast I becoming an important industry, ind is rapidly proving a formidable rival to corn,which formerly led in Essex county.Manyfarmers on Pelee Island planted5 to 12 acres of tobacco last year as ameasure of self protection, and had itnotgbeen for this crop would hFve suffered financially owing to .the exceptionally dry weather.Tobacco cutting and housing is engaging the attention of Bourbon growers and will continue to be the order ofthe day for several weeks to come,some of the late crop not being readyto handle before the first of October.The weather has been ideal for thework not a rain having fallen io causedelay and the hot sun being just whatis needed to ripen and mature theweed. The quality of tobacco produced in Bourbon this year is the finestever seen and the acreage will .bringthe total to the annual average of ninemillion pounds. Tobacco that hasbeen housed is curing rapidly and thestripping of many pearly crops willproceed in the next two weeks.CARLISLE COURT Septembercourt at Carlisle was a busy one and avery large crowd was in town. It wasthought the crowd would be f small onaccount of tobacco cutting but this hadlittle effect. There were about 200mule and horse colts on the market butnot many sales were reported as therewas not much demand for them,known buyers seemed to be a littlebackward. The price paid was from$45 to $75, with some few sales reaching as high as $115. Charles Hamilton, of North Middletown, bought ofCalvin Crouch an extra fine four yearold combined horse at 200. ClaudeHamilton sold an extra fine 3 year oldharness horse to Chas Hamilton "for$200.The"cereal fcrops of the ' countryfrom present indications will reach theunprecedented total production of 133,016,000 tons, according to the statistics of the Government AgriculturalBureau. With rceord breaking cropsof corn, spring wheat, oats. , barley,rye and buckwheat, the year's harvestwill be 20.3 pre cent greater than thebig year ofJ910 ana 16.2 greater thanthat of 1909.Prospects for the record breakingpotato crop indicate it will be 39 percent more than last year, when thecrop was very short, 14 per cent morethan in 1910 and 2 per cent more thanin 1909 when the previous record production was harvested. The hav yieldis estimated'at about 31;per cent more Ithan last year and 4 per cent morethan in 1910 and 1909.August, like July was decidedly favorable for crop development throughout the country, Department of Agriculture officials declare. They figurethe composite condition uf all crops onSeptember 1 as being about 16.5 percent better than at that time a yearago and 4.1 perjeent better than theaverage condition on September 1 inrecent years.An Epigram.14 isn't every woman who will makeyou a good wife who will -make you agood husband! Satire.Strength of Man and Horse.The strength of fivemen is egaivarlent to that of one horse.:To Mothers and Others.You can use Bucklens' Arnica Salveto cure children ot eczema, rashes, tetter, chafings, scaly and crusted humors, as well as their accidental injuriescuts, burns, bruises, etc., witfi perfect safety. Nothing else heals soquickly. For boils, ulcers, old runningor fever sores or piles it has no equal.L5 cents at Oberdorfer's.CtUBcil Prct4ifi. -The City Council mpt last eveningwith Mayor Hinton presiding and allmembers of the Council present except Dr. Kenney. Little business ofimportance Mas transacted. Therewas some discussion as to the bad condition of gas lights. Messrs. Baldwinand Parrish were instructed to investigate and find where the trouble was.Several building permits were granted.The police were instructed to enforcethe ordinance pertaining to the speedof automobiles.The following is the report ofPolice Judge E. B. January for themonths of June. Julv and August:Fines assessed, $534 ; fines replevined,$53; amount of cash collected, 18.90amount suspended, $168.50; amountpardoned $50 ; amount worked out, 81 ;amont appealed, $56.Horse and Wagon Recovered.On last Friday Mr. K. M. Gilkey, ofNorth Middletown. rented a road wagon and horse to a imanS who gave hisname as George Hayes, and his placeof residence as Athens, Fayette county. The man represented himself asbeing a cattle buyer and wa3 last seenFriday afternoon, about 2 o'clock going in the direction of Winchester.Upon his failure to return the conveyance and horse, Mr. Gilkev sent a description of the man and rig to theWinchester police and Wednesday afternoon the horse and wagon werefound ten miles east of Winchester.Mr. Gilkey was notified yesterdaymorning of the recovery of h is property and he went to Winchpater to claimit. Hayes disappeared and the author,ities are on the lookout lor him.Swale Hay Unfit re." Herscs.Dr: Alexander, professor of veterinary science at the University of "Wisconsin, gives the following warningwith respect to the feeding of swaleor marsh hay:Beware of swale bay for horse feeding if it is seen to contain horsetail(Equisetum palustre). At best much,swale or marsh hay is unfit for horsefeeding and should be used for thepacking of iron castings or crockery.Horses have small stomachs and neednutritious food in small quantities often. Swale hay is bulky, woody, indigestible and lacking in nutrimentWhen infested with horsetail it is positively poisonous. Recently, in a county of Wisconsin where much swale hayhas been fed this season, many horseshave died. They" became partiallycrazy, seemed to be drunk, staggered,weakened and in some cases wentdown paralyzed before death. Wefound that horsetail was the cause, andthe trouble has ceased since this poisonous weed has been removed fromthe hay or other hay feed. In othercases of trouble, from feeding swalehay that had not had time to sweat orripen in the mow or stack, animalsalso became partially crazy, but theydid not die. The irritant in the haywas successfully antidoted by givinga tablespoonful of bicarbonate of sodatwice daily in the feed or drinkingwater. Thus far, however, no antidote has been found for horsetail poisoning. Schools Open With Largs Attendance. The Bourbon Female College openedTuesday with the largest attendancein its history. The boarding department is filled to its capacity and thelocal patronage is the largest it hasever had. there being about seventyfive pupil enrolled in the primary andintermediate departments. The musicclasses are unusually full and increasedinterest is shown in the departmentot exDression. Three new teachershave been added to the faculty, MissRiceVThurman. of West Point, Ky.,mathematics; Miss Frances Crouch, ofFranklin, Tenn., expression and physical culture andfMiss Bertha McCorkle,assistant in music.The public school resumed Mondaywith a total enrollment of 636, ofwhich106 Hare3 students in the high school,twenty-five more in that departmentthan any previous year. Owing to thecrowded condition in some of thegrades it mavbe necessary to add twomore teachers to the faculty.Agreeable People. 'The agreeable person is one whopretends to enjoy hearing another talkendlessly of him or herself.TheGo.I ncorporated.Manufacturers ofHarness, Horse Boots andLeather Novelties ofAll Kinds,All Orders Promptly ExecutedWork Guaranteed.AndNo. 304 Main StreetRepairing of All Kind DoneWhile You Wait.Opp. Court House.FOR SALE.My residence on Pleasant street.This is a well built convenient house.Water and gas in house, good cisternwith pump in kitchen. No better location. tf MISS ANNIE M. WRIGHT.BourbonHorseGoodsPublic Sale!I will, as administrator of Isaac F.Chanslor. deceased, offer for sale onthe premises, one half mile south ofMillersburg, Bourbon county, Ky., onSaturday, Sept. 28th, 112,at 10 oclock a. m., the following property: 1 bay work horse,1 bay buggy horse,1 black buggy mare,1 black draft work and brood mare,with colt by her side that is sold for$125,"2 milch cows and calves,3 yearling steers,About 90 head of red Jersey Durochogs,1 aged Jersey Duroc boar,4 young Jersey Duroe boars,2 buggies,1 surrey,1 runabout,2 sets of bugcy harness,6 sets of work harness,1 two-horse wagon and wagon frames1 two-horse cultivator,' 1 two-horse corn planter.1 two horse Randall harrcw,2 mowing machines,- 1 dump cart,1 hay rake,1 binder,1 frame for housing green tobacco,1 bellows, anvil and set of blacksmith tools,Break and double shovel plows andall other implements and tools foundon a farm,4 Carpets,Household and kitchen furniture,1 kitchen range,1 incubator and brooder,1 philo.Lot of hav in rick,Lot of old corn in crib,About 25 acres of new corn,Oats in stack and barn.TERMS. Made known on day ofQolpJ.C. JEFFERSON, AdministratorAlso at the same time and place,Saturday, Sept. 28th, 1912,at 10 o'clock a. m., as agent forheirs of4Rachael J. Chanslor and IsaacF. Chanslor, I will sell thefarm, Consisting of About 1 37Acres.Said farm lies on the south of 'Millersburg, about one half mile fromtown on the east side of the Lexingtonand Maysyille turnpike ; the L. & N.railroad running along west side. Thisis one of the most desirable farms inthe county. It has on it a two-storybrick house, with new rcof and is ingood condition ; a tobacco barn andwarehouse, with plank floor and goodtobacco screw ; stable, corn crib, buggyhouse, chicKen house, smoke houseand splendid ice house, three cellars ;also teneraenthouse.two cabins, andthe best spring in the county, and twoother fields with never failing water.This farm is well fenced and is in asgood a neighborhood as anyone couldwish, and can all be plowed. There isabout 35 acres in corn and the rest ingrass. Anyone wishing a home willmake a great mistake if they don't attend this sale, as there is no better situation onthe Lexington and Maysvilleturnpike, and is in one half mile oftwo of the best schools in the State,both male and female colleges andonlv 7 miles from Pans. Ic will besold as a whole, or dividpd to suit purchasers. TERMS. Made known on day ofsale.J. C. JEFFERSON, Agent forHeirs.Class in Music.Miss Elizabeth Crutcher will takepupils in piano beginning September10. Lessons given at 315 Pleasantstreet.LOST.On Main street Wednesday, September 4, an old gold bracelet, engravedin flower figures. Finder please returntoCORINNE KEENE,10 2t pd 518 Marshall street,Paris, Ky.per FARM LOANS!G6nt. $1,000 to $100,000W. KING & SON,125 Cheapslde, Lexington, Ky.For Sale Privately.As attorney for the estateestate of Phillip Clay deceased, the undersignedwill sell privately the.late residence situatedon Second Street in theCity of Paris, Kentucky.Same contains 4 rooms,and lot fronts about 40feet on said street. Forfurther information inquire of..P. A. THOMPSON..J l 4Jtt.V .