NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JUNE 28, 1912BOURBON1The Simon Department Store.I M wBy an odd a tread of good fortune, we bought 289 TailoredSkirts to sell at near half-price.We have assorted these skirts inlots.Lot No. 1All $7.50 Skirts for.... $3. 98Lot No. 2All $9.00 Skirts for. . .'.$4.98Lot No. 3All $12.50 Skirts for. . . $6.98Lot No. 4$1.25 Linene Skirts for 59cLot No. 5Pecay Skirts for 98cCome early and make your selectionbefore your size is sold.The Simon Department Store.Paris, Kentucky128 Fancy Gingham House Dresses andKimonas, 1.50 quality, Saturday only, 98cmlmam m mmMmmmmamsm&j mmpI AT THESE CHEAP GROCERIESSIfanit?fafahfafafafafafatAS16 lbs. Granulated Sugar $1 .OOFull quart Karo Syrup 10c8 Bars Lenox Soap . . . 25cPure Hog Lard per lb 14cWhite Bacon per lb 12 l-2c2 Cans Good Corn . ... .r 15cPure Cider Vinegar, per gallon , ... 30c3 gallons of Coal Oil 35cBLUE RIBBON FLOUR25-Sb Sack 80c50-f b Sack $ 1 .601 OQ-Sb Sack . , $3.20Honest Weight and QualityGuaranteedT. C. LENIHANCash Grocery.Both Phones 234faifParis Must Have More Loyal jSupport oi "Fans."The future of the Pari baseballclub as a matter of fact from thepresent outlook is problematical, butwith the proper support the team willremain in the Blue Grass League theremainder of this season, and thatsupport must be from now on if the"fans" of Paris would have the townrepresented in he organiaztion. If theclub continues it will probably beunder a different directorate, and newmen will likely pilot the affairs of theorganization from now on.A meeting of stockholders was calledby President Bacon for Wednesdaynight, but few were present to discussplans to .increase interest in the game,with the view of keeping the team inParis. President Bacon presided atthe meeting, and expressions from thevery few of the number of stockholderswere heard in regard to the best planuponjjwhich to proceed.In the opinion of Mr. Bacon the clubwas hopelessly in debt with no visiblerelief, and he advised that the club discontinue in the Blue Grass Leaguewith July 1. The opinion of the majority of those present differed widelywith that iof Mr. Bacon and it waspractically agreed to continue until agreater number of the stockholderscould be gotten together and the matter more fully discussed. Consequentlyit was decided to call a meeting of thestockholders to meet at the courthouse Monday afternoon, July 1, at 2o'clock, when it was hoped to get together a largener cent of the stockholders in the club.In the meantime an effort is beingmade to raise funds to meet the deficitwhich is in the treasury, and which onthe first of July will amount to approximately $1,600. Dr. VVm. Kenneyand Mr. William Shire, Secretary ofthe club, were engaged yesterdaycirculating a subscription paper andto last night an amount reaching $500had been subscribed to the fund towipe out the deficit.It is probable at the meeting to beheld Monday night an expression ofthe stockholdqrs will be taken lookingto a successor to Piesident Bacon andSecretary Shire expressed himselfyesterday as being desirous of beingrelieved of the duties of that office,not because of a lack of interest in theaffairs of the club, but he is of theopinion a change might to some degreehave the effect of reviving interest.There has been much done towardstrengthening the club in the past fewdays. Catcher Hicks joined the teamat Frankfort yesterday and a contractwas closed with Olhe Chapman Wednesday night. He will arrive in Paristoday to take Dart in the game withLexington. First baesmar. Mullencamp, late of tho United StatesLeague, will join the Bourbonites Saturday. The three new players arewell-known toSPaiis fans and will addconsiderable strengths the team.It is the sincere hope of those at theheaa of the club at present to have afull attendance of the stockholdersMonday afternoon and many matterswill be gone into that are calculated tobe of great benefit to the club and tohave the effect ot keeping the team inthe league the remainder of the season.In other towns throughout the circuit it has been an annual custom topass around the hat to keep the teamin the going. True admirers of thegame contribute freely because oftheir desire to have a team for thesport there is in it and the same shouldbe said of the Paris fans in the hourof adversity. This is the first timesince the team was organized thatParis fans have been called upon torender financial assistance, and asufficient amount should be subscribedto tide the club over the remainder ofthis season.There are a large number of thetrue sportsmen in Paris who feel thesame as those or other cities and .arewillinc to untie their purse Btring tokeep the club out of the rut.r-i"WE KNOW HOW"J'T'here is nothing nicer, and weknow there is nothing coolerfor Summer wear than a pair ofWhite Serge or White FlannelTrousers.Just the thing to wear with a Blue SergeCoat, Straw Hat and White Low-Cut Shoesthese Summer days. White Buckskin andWhife Duck Shoes for men you will find herein all styles.Soft Silk Pongee Shirts, with collars tomatch; made with soft turn-back Cuffs, WhiteSilk Hose and Wash Ties.Don't suffer with the heat when you can .keep cool at a small cost.ftifafaIMitchell & Blakcmore,Outfitters to Men Paris, Kentuckymmmmmmmmmmmmm$0The XTRAGOOO LabelMakes Satisfaction Sure.Sailor, Russian and Junior suits, pretty cheviots,worsteds and serges, newest combinations for Springwear, large graceful collars,silk ties, trousers lined.Most artistic designs on themarket, 2 1-2 to 10years $5.00Boys' two-piece doublebreasted and Norfolk suits,plain two-piece suits withfull lined ' 'knickers;" alsoNorfolk and ' ' knicker ' 'trousers; new Spring styles,large variety of styles andchecks. A very popularAllNOTICE. All persons having anyaccount or claim against the ParisElectric .Light Company, Incorporated,are reauested to present the same atonce as this company will discontinueits corporate existence on July. 12th,1912.JULAN K. HOWE.14-4t Secretary.vr.,SLUI 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 I lll l UT1III 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 M 1 1 ! i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 3 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 IIUMIIIIII111 1I1II1III1IU111 1 1 1FRANK 6c COThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.it5Special Price Reductions.ONLadies' and Misses' Suits84 5SILK AND WOOL DRESSESRECEPTION AND DANCING FROCKSYTRAGOOT)Rtvlp. tor this season, durable senre lininsrs.the style and appearance of much higher-pricedclothing; sizes 7 to 17 years $7o50Wig&St2r.mmI raioE x ou. oiubiiitsr mli iBourbonites Shut Out the Lawmakers.Paris took a brace yesterday andadministered a shut-out to the Lawmakers, f?nal score being 7 to 0. Thework of the Bourbonites is very encouraging in the face of the fact thatthis is the first irame theyhave defeated Frankfort this sesson and shouldhave the etfect of bringing out a largecrowd this afternon to witness thecontest between the local aggregationand the Lexington team at WhitePark. Ollie Chapman, the old Parisfavorite, will be in the line-up thisafternoon.With Richmond three runs to thegood rain slopped thy game here Tuesday afternoon between Paris and thePioneers. The score stood 4 to 1when the ram began to fall, and thegame was called.The Bourbonites went to Frankfort,Wednesday, where theys met the Lawmakers, and suffered defeat again atthe hands of the League leaders. Thelocal boys could 'o notning with thecurves of Cornell, and' the bst theycould do was to score three runs in oneinning. During the nine sessions theLawmakers piled up a rcore of eightruns. Applegate and Hauaer were onthe mound for Paris, but with CornellDitching well the lead of three runstaken in the third inning could not beovercome. In four ana two-third innings Hauser held them to three hitsand they were unble to count while hewas on the rubber.SILK AND SERGE SEPARATE COATSSERGE AND FANCY WOOL SKIRTSCome in and Get Our Prices We AreAlways Wiling For Comparison inQuality and PricesHALF-PRICE SALE ON LADIES' SAILOR HATS.FrLo.Paris,Kentuckym2-3i in i mi 1 1 m i f : i irii ??3:mmini 1 1 1 n 1 1 1 1 1 1 iiiimiiinmi 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 ii i m n i n n i n 1 1 uminuinmi inmi phu m i i i ibti m nwqp few Mirrtr mnn'n " t '" r vmnai imm tii a i Mir am afVvaW."vijjt!THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 28 1912.Let Us Initiate You Into WearingA Pair ofIWe Have a Full Linea I3Vhite Buck, Wkite Canvas,V LO CV&JLVS. Jt-ULii JL-lOi CiXOii 3GEO. McWILLIAMS,L Phones 301TWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentAll the Latest Ideas inSPRINGNow OnL.WOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.I BE1V113iiiiIYERKES & PMCHARD I1Our ShoesiThis is the Place WhereYou Can Get a Pair ofShoes With Every CustomQuality. When You AreFitted in a Pair of OurShoes You Will be Pleasedin Style, Fit and Quality,as We Have a large Lineto Select From.of Graduation Shoes in gMThe Shoe Man.Display89mowIEAnyone who has used the BEMIS TRANSPLANTERand then used another can appreciate the difference inthe work done. The floating shoe, positive valveaction, all steel frame, and the work done are it&featureGive us your order now so you will be sure ofgetting one,Both Phones 66Cantrill Has No Opposition.Congressman J.C . Cantrill who hasalready been nominated for Congressman tbv the Democrats will have awalk over.l He fcas no opposition.Tuesday was the last day of whichcandidates for officesto be filled at theNovember election could file their petitions to get their names on the ballotfor the August primary. Col. JackChinn, in the Eighth district, was theonly Democratic candidate who failedto file his petition. Col. Chinn withdrew from the race for Congress inthe Eighth in a speech at Lancaster.John C. Thomas, who wanted to be aReDublican candidate for Congress inthe" Fourth district, did not file his personal petition, although he filed apetition signed by the requisite number of voters of f the district, it isdoubtful if his name will go on theprimary ballot in the Fourth," as thelaw requires a personal petition aswell as a netition signed by the voters.Two Democrats are seeking the nomination for Appellate judge in theSeventh district, now represented byJudge Robert Winn, oOlt. Sterling.Those seeking the Democratic nomination are -C: C. Turner of Mt. Sterling, and J. Smith Hays of Winchester.'Foils a Foul Plot.When a shameful plot exists betweenliver and bowels to cause distress byrefusing'vto act, take Dr. King3' NewLife Pills, and end such abuse of yoursvstem. Thsyrgently compel right action of stomach, liver and bowels, andrestore your'heaith and all good fe?lines. 25 cents at Uberdorfer's."RUANTOFFICER WINS BOYSGoes at Them In an Entirely New Wayand They All Think Him theBest Ever.Phoenixville, Pa. One of the claimsmade with much pride by the localschool authorities is the almost complete absence of truancy, and thosewho know give much of the intelligentactivity of the town's truant officer,William S. Armstrong, and the popularity he has won among pupils. Thereis probably not another truant officerin the state who has such a record ofachievement in his line as has OfficerArmstrong, and for five years he hasworked with singular effectiveness.Truancy used to be much in vogueamong Phoenixville schoolboys, andthe new truant officer started in tobreak up the growing practice. Speaking of his early experience, and describing his methods, Officer Armstrong said: "I did not go about mywork in the 'hammer-and-tongs' method. I went to work quietly, got acquainted with the habitual truants, visited their homes and sought out theirhaunts."I talked with the parents, and triedto arouse in them some interest intheir boys school work, and askedthem to give some sign of interest andencouragement to the boys."I learned the location of all thefavorite swimming holes, the nutgrove3 and the most popular resortswhere boys would go to play or hide.. Ivisited the swimming holes, not onlyon school days, when necessity demanded it, but on Saturday and holidays for the purpose of joining themin swimming and getting better acquainted. I have grown to know allof the 'live wires' among them intimately, and I think they are .myfriends."IIITHE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .$2. 00 -Six Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance.lEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.as niail matter of the second classADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for larse advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.Biggest Issue Of AllHow is.'the cost of living to be reduced.g This is the most important question before the American people. Itssolution is more vital far than the identity of .the next President.Under the present system of excessive protection, those who toil are eachyear finding it more difficult to make aliving .while the comparative handfulof millionaires who chiefly reap thebenefit of this toil spend their time inidleness and dissipation, 'their fortunesmeanwhile increasing in proportion tothe cost of living. Tne result isthat many Americans particulary thehardworking poor, are becoming plainly disgusted with the way things aregoing ; disgusted even with this formof government and are turning to socialism. This feeling on the ' part of thejwagearner is simply historv reneatincitself. Extravagance and poverty,the history of republic shows, nevermade good bed-fellows in a "cradle oflirbety." It is obviously importantthat the high cost of living problemlbesolved before the unrest grows to greater proportions. The earlier it.is solved the better for the republic. Whichparty will solve it. The Republicanparty or the Democratic party? TheRepublican theory has always beenthat the heavier the tariff tax on thethings eaten, worn or used by thepeople, the better for that people.The Democratic theory is that to reduce taxation is to reduce prices. Thepeople must choose between the twopolicies, the policy of protection orthe poli'"' of merely enough tariff toraise sufficient revenue to meet theactual expense of the government.Why Slight Good RoadsThe United States spends annuallv$95,000,000 for the maintenance of astanding army, S125,000,000 annuallyfor its naval establishment and $4,000,000 annually for diplomatic representatives abroad. But the United Statesgovernment spends nothing annually forgood roads. The Democratic House,however, has appropriated $18,000,000for the improvements or the nation'shighways, and if the Republican senatedoes not chloroform the bill, Congresswill have inaugurated a public policywhich will permit the farmers of thecountry to receive the benefits of alarger proportion of the vast government expenditures.History Pepeats ItselfIf the Republicans are swept frompower on November 5 because of theirfailure to keep tariff promises, it willnot be thefirst time tnat the tariffoperated to the same end against theparty of protection.During the war the tariff had beenelevated to the skies but afterwardsthe Democrats tried to have it reduced.By 1880 the Republicans had to noticethe demand. They promised downwardrevision but in 1882 passed a bill making only slight reductions. The publicgot mad just like it is now over thePayne-Aldrich bill and in 1884 electedCleveland.When the Republicans got into powerthey boosted the tariff, which had beenlowered by the Democrats. Priceswent up. the rank and file became in-(dignant, and in 1892 again m'2deGrover Cleveland president.A sprained ankle may as a rule becured in from three to four days by aDplying Chamberlain's Liniment andobserving the directions with eachbottle. For sale by all dealers.Sensible Man.A "Twenty-two Years Ago" Itemc'rom the Wilson County Citizen:4Once in a while we hear of a manwho knows of a good thing when hejets it. A citizen, of Iowa whose wifeileped with another fellow receivednotice from a neighboring city thatthe couple had arrived there. Hepromptly telegraphed: 'Don't arrestthe runaways; have decided, .to letthem go -to the devil.-"-Kansas CIt;Star.HOT FLASHES.- . - . . n t T1.. oca t rxCaWomen in middle age often complain ol net uasncs. ---a-oflife-when their delicate onanism needs a tome andheIp.ng.nanavrn nor.yivr.Pierce's Favorite Prescription can give them. Many women suffer needlessly fromGirlhood to womanhood and from motherhood to old agc-wifih baccacne dizzt-r.r V.Mrlonh A wnmm nftpn becomes SleCDlCSS, n.rvuw,irritable and feels tired from morning to night. When pains and aches rack thewomanly system at frequent intervals, ask your neighbor aboutDoctor Pierce's Favcriie PrescriptionIIH3. J. IsinOF, of 321 S. Bentaloa Street, Baltimore, Md., s.v.-s: Ivrrotc you about nine months mo, te!I:r.fr you of my condition. I have afine babysirl-shc -.vefched nine pounds when born. She is my third ch;Idand the strongest of them aH. My suffering- was only for tvro hour3. Itook several bottles of 'Favorite Prescription' and cue of Dr. Pierce'sSmart-Weed. I never had a well day befcro I toc!c your medicines. I v;a3surprised how well I felt could eat-was always hungry, and never had asick stomach. The nurse who was with me said Ihe medicine wa3 wonderful because I sot vlons so nicely after having had so much trouble before.Che intends to recommend it to all her sufTerir.gr patients. Everybody isactor.-.ifcea at me because 1 only wcijrneavrc" 'h 1 J. I have had several ladies c.mj to-ncdlcfne. I am willinrr to rocommen J it to allIf i.j want isf jncat:--n I will a clad to civc itGEO. . DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH 'PHONES DAY 13 7 ; XIGHT 299.I Why not you join the great army ofI customers and burnNow is the time to try a load.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY,Cumberland Cekpbone and CelearapDlCompanyINCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersbarg, NDrth Middletown, Little7 Rock an-Ruddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service.' 'CumberlandjTelephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporatedSome Good AdviceTo the People.Don't sell your old feathers until you find out the prices, Youcan call us and we will look atyour feather, or if you live inthe counrry send us a sample." Iwill let you know what they areworth. Some old feathers if theyhave been well cared for fare asgood as new. We pay marketprice for new feathers.MAX MUNICK,j 78th Street, PARIS, KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 374Jlnnk EangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly arid satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtfEast Tenn. Phoe 669LOWRY & TALBOTTParis. KZentu.c3s.-vALL TM E; COM FORTS OF HOME.pounas ot-iureme and ask about Dr. Pierce's ifwho rutfer and want help.to thi. ' Hes. Luhof & Child.NEW BARBER SModern Equipment,4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDJoe. G. Mitchell,Against Rrc, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies. Phone 162Agent.will.notbe yours unless youhave aMajestic Rangein Your Kitchen !HOPJy -Comeln and see them. Theyare the best Bade.1!THE ,BOLJRBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 28, 1912This is mJradeDOUBLEWHiPERofhxndle-20. aiUWhkeUONE BLOCK WESTF' L&N DEPOTj PARInS, KENTUCKYLow Roundfrom30 day limit Tourist fares toNew York $28.0060 day iimit variable route fares toNew York $32,15 Boston $35.55Reduced round trip fares to manyother cities and resorts in the EastSuperior Service to the EastIf W. H.L. 5c N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.Trains ArriveNo. FROM11 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5 21 am34 Lexington. Ky., Daily 4.34am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ,7.35 am7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 am37 Cincinnati, O., Dsily .9.50 am3 Maysville? Ky., Daily Except Sunday , 10.20 am12 Lexington, Ky,, Daily ".' 10.15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 am26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 am25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pm138 Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pm38 Knoxville, Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pmo Maysville, Ky., Daily 5.25 pm39 Cincinnati, 0.. Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pm30 Lexington, Ky., Daily G,03 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.03 am32 Jacksonville. Fla., Daily 6 05 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrains ID e -partNo. TO34 Cincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 air10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday S.20 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.24 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10.27 am6 Maysville, K., Daily : 12.05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.34 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.4o pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday...., 5.52 pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sundajr 5.57 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.10 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday fi.15 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday G2o pm31 Lexington, K., Daily I0f55 pm13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57. pnr. dh o-tim:e-tabiliEIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3, 1911.Trains -A.rri"voNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda ,8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.40 pm5 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 "pm1G2 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10.00 pmTrains 3Deps,rtNo. TO161 Frankfort"& Louisville, Sundav Only 6.20 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday. .',7.43 amlv.F ankforfc, Ky. Daily Except Sunday v'..-. .9. 53 am3; Frankfort, Ky Daily .Except Sunday v.v; -. f.xUC .7&'52JamMarkTAMPERt kinds ofTrip FaresParis toE253For particulars, rates, folders, descriptiveliterature and sleeper reservations, addressHARRIS, Ticket AgentCONVENIENT FOR THE READERUseful Book-Marker of Ribbon ThatIndicates Both the Pageand Place.Our sketch illustrates a very usefulnotion that may be carried out withlittle trouble, and book readers whosuffer from interruptions and haveoccasionally to put a"book down at amoment's notice, will find it a greatconvenience, as it not only marks thepage, but also indicates the particular place in the page at which readingceased.It merely consists of an ordinaryribbon book-marker, of sufficientlength to pass between the leaves inthe manner shown, cut into points atthe ends and frayed out into fringes.Attached to the ribbon is a smallpiece of card (an old visiting card willA Novel Book-Marker.answer the purpose), cut into pointsat each side, which slides up or downthe ribbon, and may be easily movedto the particular spot that it is necessary to mark.The diagram on the right hand sideclearly shows the shape in which thecard should be cut out, and the ribbon is threaded through the two slits,which, by the way, should be madeamply large enough to allow the cardto be freely moved either up or down.FUN. WITH THE SOAP BUBBLEIdeas That Will Create Much Diversion Among the Guests at "Blowing" Parties.. , , , . , , , , , , IA good deal of fun at a bubble partymay ue secureu. uy asiung a novice 10place a bubble upon a flower. He willmake attempts, but without success.Then the master of ceremonies willdo it with ease his flower havingbeen first secretlv smeared with soan 1J L 11solution, which provides a "foothold," I Piano at a11 llours of tne niSht- Heso to speak, for the bubble. ! uoes not even make music' but thumpsTo blow bubbles with a funnel calls out some monotonous tune which isfor a little practice, but the knack is I as ,drcarr as tll moaning of a lostwell worth acquiring, as it opens up sul; Then there is a oman acrossa wide range of possibilities. One 1 Jhe hal1 with a bab that llowls morn--ivichMow o lwa nv0r n ; mS, noon and night. Mother wentflower or a small ornament.Begin by placing the object uponthe sheet of soapy glass or in a shallow saucer containing a little solution.Over the object place a funnel of suitable size and start to blow gentlydown the tube, the while you cautiously raise the funnel.Continue to blow until a sufficientlylarge bubble is formed, then disentangle it from the funnel by turning thelatter carefully at right angles, thefinger being applied meanwhile to theopening of the tube.In like manner a bubble may beblown over a small pinwheel madefrom paper, a small cork being usedas a support. The wheel may be set ;in rapid motion by a current of airblown through the ever useful straw, jthe bubble increasing in size as longas the wheel is kept spinning.FAN NOW IN ' FAVOR AGAINIt Suits the Present Dainty Styles andShould Harmonize With theDress.The becoming and dainty styleswhich this season has recalled bringsthe fan into its own again.In the past many renowned artistshave been fascinated by the task offan designing.They have left perfect examples oftheir art, which are the envied possessions of collectors.It must be borne in mind that if thedesign is of great prominence upon afan it must be carried with a dresswhich harmonizes with it.With a picture dress of black satinand white chiffon, which has a suggestion of "old fashions" skillfully adapted to modern needs, an old fan shouldbe carried. A Fragonard fan would beappropriate.With light evening gowns of satinor lace, the elaborately carved ivoryfans harmonize beautifully.Fans of gauze decorated with watercolors and sequins look well withgowns of chiffon and net.Gowns of heavy brocade and velvetscall for fans of brilliant coloring.The Venetian fans of colored plumesare effective when carried with thesegowns.Useful to Know.To remove white stains caused by ahot dish from the dining table, thrusta shovel into hot fire until it hasreached white heat, and then hold itover the stains as near as possiblewithout running any risk of, burningthe table. The color is restored almost instantly.Egg shells burned in the oven andplaced upon pantry shelves will keepbugs away.Shetland Wool Shawls.Little Shetland wool shawls arelinn notfor fnr. nr.nnl,nn limuch better for seashore use thanscarfs of chiffon or mousseline de soie,as they do not crinkle in the dampness; their price is tar from prohibitive, averaging less than one dollar;they have a recommendation in always being becoming to any woman,and. especially to. young girls. .Cold StorageI ' I u i7Why haven't you been out to seeus?" inquired Anne of Evelyn, whomshe had met downtown by accident."If you knew how busy I am youwould not ask," replied Evelyn. "Withall my office work, I hardly have timeto keep neat. I came out today tobuy a new gown which I should havebought a month ago. Come with meand we'll take a look at the shopwindows.""Really, I dare not. Windows arefatal to me. If' I look I am lost. Idon't need a thing and one hates towaste money. I so seldom . go anywhere that my gowns last forever.Evelyn, you cannot realize how curiously dull it is to have no occupation." "If you understood the discomfortsof working for a living you would appreciate your blessings better. Lonesome, are you? Why not make friendsin the apartment house where youlive?""Of course, that bit of advice is wellmeant, Evelyn, but in the circumstances it happens to be absurd.""I fail to see why. If you were notso diffident ""My dear girl, I'm not in the leastdiffident; I am merely afraid of beingfrozen to death if I should try tomake friends with my neighbors.""I don't understand what you mean,"said Evelyn."If that building were a cold storagewarehouse," declared Anne, "the so;cial atmosphere could not be morefrigid. Mother and I have lived therea year and a half and not a soul outof all these apartments has made ouracquaintance.""Have you called on your neighbors?" "Of course not. I would not be soFnrmTnY.-, ,n A"Then it seems to me you are asbad as the others.""Indeed, I am not at least, I donot annoy others. Why, the man inthe aPartent above ours plays hisin one day and told her that all thechild needed was a little peppermint.The woman replied that the baby wasnot ill, but was just lonesome whenever she was out of its sight.""Didn't she come to call after that?"asked Evelyn."Is that a joke?" inquired Anne."You cannot laugh me into ""likingthem. There is a horrid old creatureIn the apartment below ours whoknocks on the ceiling with a broomhandle every time I run our sewingmachine. We are disgusted with thebuilding and mean to move as soon asour lease expires."You do not need to wait, becauseI'll take the lease off your hands assoon as you like. I am going. to goto housekeeping with another girl be-fore long and your apartment wouldsuit us exactly. When you get readyto move let me know."A few weeks later Evelyn receiveda note from Anne saying that she andher mother were about to take anotherapartment, so Evelyn called to seeabout transferring the lease. Duringthe interval she learned Anne's mother had suffered a fall and was confined to her couch with a dislocatedhip. During Evelyn's call so manypersons dropped in that she had toremain an hour before she could haveAnne to herself."I thought you said you knew no onein this building," exclaimed Evelyn atlast. "I never saw more warmhearted people. Yet you called thisplace a cold storage warehouse.""That was before mother was hurt,"explained Anne. "The moment thepeople heard of our trouble theyrushed in to sympathize and tell ustheir troubles in turn. That womanwith the baby has lost the poor littledarling and every day she comes inand talks to us about it and tells ofthe flowers she lays on its grave.""What of the lost soul above youwho thumped the piano?" inquiredEvelyn."Please forget the cruel remarks Imade about him," cried Anne. "Hehad a dear mother who died, and heplayed the" piano because it remindedhim of her. He is not a musician, yethe could not bear to have the instrument stand silent and neglected.When he heard that mother was hurthe came to inquire if the noise of thepiano annoyed her and he has beenso kind. I don't know how we couldhave managed without him.""Considering the beautiful waythese people have behaved, I don'tsee why you wrant to move," said Evelyn. "Oh, we have no intention of leaving the building; we shall take a larger apartment, which will leave thisfor you.""Why?" demanded Evelyn."It is a hit inn snnn in foil " en??Anne, blushing "vi cinn ,aro a.termined to know, I am to be married.ine young man who thumped the pi-ano proved such a dear that motherand I feel we shall be fortunate tohave him in the family.""So the cold storage house waskeeping your romance on ice all thewhile," .laughed Eyelyn. ChicagoDaily. News. .;, 'v'NOVEL BRAID DAISIESTHEY ARE MADE OF REVIVEDRICK-RACK TRIMMING.Cabochon of Them Placed at the Sideof White Lingerie or Straw HatGives a Most PleasingEffect.On one of the expensive little hatsfor children seen the othr day awreath of daisies was used with greateffect. It was a model sent out by anoted milliner in Paris, yet anyneedlewoman could reproduce it. Thewhole story hinges around the makingof the daisies.Do you remember the old-fashionedrick-rack braid used on our babydresses? In those days our motherswere busy in sewing together this serpentine braid in straight bands, inmore intricate flower designs, or inmotifs that were inset on yokes andsleeves. Rick-rack trimming has beenrevived. It is so easy and so very effective that it comes back with a double appeal.The braid is serpentine and generally white in color. It can be sewed atthe points and very easily twisted in aflower that, when a yellow center ofbraid or linen is added, resembles adaisy with pleasing fidelity.Some daisies can be made in doublerows; some in triple rows. The daisyform then changes to a dahlia; butwhatever the flower may be, it is attractive. When one daisy Is made, you will repeat the process, which is very easy,and add the daisies in a straight lineor in an irregular wreath, one followed by two or three in a group.A huge cabochon of these braiddaisies placed at the side of a whitelingerie hat or a fine straw shape willlook new and will remind one of thepopular field flowers that have beenaccorded so much favor this spring.From the millinery idea the cleverwoman can depart into other fields ofdress. On dainty little flower frocksof figured batiste, mull or muslin, little clusters of rick-rack daisies can beplaced at the girdle, on the ends ofsashes or in garlands that hold up thedrapery at the side of a skirt.A high waist line can be outlinedwith these pretty little flowers. Asthe rick-rack braid is procurable inseveral widths, daisies can be made inseveral sizes, and a delightful varietycan be given by grouping little andbig flowers.Rick-rack can be bought at the artneedlework department or at the notion counter of any large store. Therepromises to be much work in this newflower idea. Isn't it fine to be able touse an old idea with such excellentresults?NOVEL SILK BATHING SUITIt Is a .Blue and White Check and theMaterial Is Non-Absorbentand Very Dressy.The bathing suit illustrated is ofsilk and is non-absorbent. The Frenchwomen consider it absolutely necessary to wear one of these silk bath-Copyrislit, Underwood & Underwood. N. T.ing. suits at their summer ocean resorts. It is very dressy in appearance. Washstand for the Nursery.A nursery washstand of wicker, ornamented with the new compositioncalled "French Bisque," which is coming into usage, is made to hold two little pink china wash bowls, two pitchers, a soap dish, and powder box, allof ping china. It is a convenientheight for the children to use, and sopretty it should dispel the usual dreadof clean face and hands, which soapand water seem to suggest to the infantile mind. The pitchers have theadvantage of being smalll enough $orany child to lift for himself.Frocks of French Crepe.Sheer French crepe is used for manyof the smartest summer frocks. Theimported gowns come in the most exquisitely delicate shades of pink, blueor mauve, and are embroidered byhand in white, the designs being veryeleborate. White net - plaitings, realValenciennes and glass buttons help, tomake up aa extremely delicate ensemble.The Doctor'sPatientsThe handsome estate of Rose Hillone of the finest in Connecticut, longwithout a tenant, was sold at last Agentleman, with a:i invalid wife anda pretty daughter "rchased and took,possession of it. lhey seemed very-,pleasant people, but slow in makingacquaintances. .Young Doctor Everson always admired the place, when he passed It in,rhis rides; but, of course, he would notventure to call without an invitation.However, one day, accident gave himthe desired opportunity. As he wasriding by, the front door opened, andMiss Bennett came tripping down thesteps."Please stop a moment!" she called,out. "Are you not a doctor?" shesaid."I am. Can 1 be of service?" hesaid, with his most professional air."Yes, indeed!" was the quick answer. "My mother is very ill, and papa not here. As we are strangers,; Idid not know whom to go to, so Iventured to stop you.""Perfectly right," said the doctor."I am at your disposal immediately.""Mamma," said the girl, bendingtenderly over her, "the doctor is here."'"Oh, well,, he can't do me any good,"was the fretful answer.Doctor Everson stepped up and laidhis hand upon the invalid's wrist, saying cheerfully: "Suppose we try, anyway. What have you been taking?"Mrs. Bennett gave a list. The doctorlaughed."As you are alive after all that," hesaid, "there's hope yet! Now, can youtell me your bad feelings?"The lady went over all her symptoms, and the doctor said, in thatcheery tone which always brings newlife into a sick-room: "That is betterthan I hoped. You can almost cureyourself, madam, if you will follow afew of the simplest directions.""What are they?" asked the daughter eagerly."Only to dispense with all medicine, unless some light thing for hernerves: eat plenty of nourishing food;throw these windows all open."Doctor Everson left some simplepowders, and, at the daughter's .request, promised to call again the nextday."Papa will be here, and I wish youto see him. Here are our cards," saidMiss Bennett, as she showed the doctor downstairs.The doctor bowed and gave her inreturn his own card, upon- which,after he was gone, she read the name"Frank Everson, M. D."To effect a cure, of course, the doctor called frequently. And if, in sodoing, he became more interested inthe nurse than in the patient, nobodywas the wiser.Sometimes, to relieve the tedioushours of duty, he took the fair nurseout to drive, and. in. those pleasanthours they grew. veryWell acauaintedvMrs. Bennett had' been for twofmonths under the doctor's care,, ajtiawas so greatly improved that Nelliesometimes left her, to take a rambleby herself in the pleasant fields andwoods near Rose Hill. One afternoon,having strayed down a road which wasnew to her, she came to an old mill,the ruins of which were grass-worn,and rotten. But Nellie supposedtheywould bear her light weight, - and,from mere impulse, walked out oh theold timbers, which overhung thestream, and stood flinging pebbles-into tne water, to watcn tne ripples tneymade.She did not notice the wavering ofthe timbers until, just as she turnedto go back, crash! went the log onwhich she stood, and down wentNeilie into the stream. As she wentdown, she gave a frantic clutch andsucceeded in grasping a cross-timber,,which held her suspended, with hershoulders just out of the water.Nellie knew that the stream wasdeep, and she could not swim. She.shrieked and shrieked for help.An instant, and a cheerful shoutrang answering back: "Hold hard!I'm coming!" - -Poor Nellie knew the voice, andstrove to turn her head. She sawDoctor Everson leap from his buggyand fling off his coat as he ran for thecreek. A moment more, and he hadrdashed into the stream, and his strongarms held her firmly.Nellie, with a great feeling of security, lay passive on his broad breast,,until a few bold strokes carried them1to the shore."I should have come sooner ;f I hadknown you needed me," said he.As he spoke, he hurriedly picked uphis coat, fastened it over her shouK"ders, put her, all dripping and shivering, into his vehicle, and drove like :.the wind.As they started, she said: "Doctor,I can't thank you. But you seem tobe near whenever I want help." 'He turned to her with a great lightin Tl?c 'fort' rr nrt inrf nvf V t rarm clasped her as he said, f erventlyi"My darling, I would ask nothing better of life than to be near you al-'ways!"gentiy, ana not a wora more was saitt?during the short drive. But, as he'carried her into the house, he said:"I have said too much not to saymore. May I say it when you are'yourself again?".. .. .xes, wmsperea ieiiie. Ana, De-'.fore long, Nellie Bennett was "thelLdoctor's bride.THE BOURBON NEWS," PARIS,' KENTUCKY, JUNE 28 1912.. .Etes to Hold CarnivalHereNext Week. .The Littlejohn Carnival Co. will exhibit in this city one week, beginningMonday. July 1. The exhibition willbeheld in the lot adjoining the CitySchool building, and will be given under the auspices of the Bourbon AerieNo. 1781 Fraternal Order of Eagles.The Eagles will have a meeting thisevening to discuss the plan for holdingthe carnival.-- Thp r-nrnivnl domnany is said toi1P Ione of the best on the road, carryingseven clean, up-to-date shows, Ferriswheel, merry-go-round, and a band of 1eighteen, pieces. The company alos jcarries is own electric lighting pint, twith a capacity sufficientto ngnt tnei . .exhibits and to furnish dismays infront,pf each exhibition. It is planned to have the carnival in operationonlv at night, during which each showwith the comDany will give several exhibitions. It is understood that special features for the Fourth of Julywill be offered as special attractions,and it is probable all of the attractionswill be thorwn open both in the afternoon and evening of that day.The Eagles are busily engaged inboosting the carnival, and will havethe support of the people of Paris inmaking their venture a success.DEATHS.Mr. Coleman B. Martin, a prominent farmer of Harrison county, diedsuddenly Tuesday afternoon. Mr.Martin was out driving over his placeand was stricken with paralysis. Hewas found by a neighbor soon afterlie was stricken and only lived abouttwenty minutes. Mr. Martin wastwice sheriff of Harrison county,twice representative and once Sen-jw.v 4-v,;o lcfTinf-. ha wns sp.vdi strict, ne wasenty-five years old and is survived byfour children.Are YOUv'ArepricedAnd oftentimesage or shortensEarlysettled beforehead of cattleMBSale Agent,A. S. Thompson,PARISS;:erw!n-Williams4PARIS GREENIs strictly pure made and kept athighest standard.Is sure death to bugs kills every;time.Is the most satisfactory Paris Green:sold today.Is uniform in strength and qualityprotects the crops always.Get itAlso Arsenate of Lead, Bordeaux Mixture and LimeSulphur SpravsriS Materials.C. A. DAUGHERTY.ICurtis Henry & CoGroceries, Dry Goods,Fresh Meats, Etc. vBest Meats in Paris.Country Produce Bought,CASH OR TRADEThe SanitaryNo Fiies.Inside.All Goods the Best and GuaranteedPrompt Delivery to All Parts of City.CURTIS HENRY CO.Cor. 1 4-th and MainChild Ends Life.Mae Bishop, 13 years old, who livedwith George Anderson. Sr., on theLevee pike, near Mt. Sterling, disapneared several days ago, stDpns" oiywith a tenant cn Anderson's fawn.Officers were put in pursuit, butheard nothing until about noon luesday, when the child again appeared atthe Anderson home. It is said thatmoriu a nnm f pssi nn to Mrs. Ander-! son and said that shb had rather bedead than living, and then tooic.aciu', and Gieci a snort mm: iuicj.Fire at Mt. Sterling.Fire broke out early Tuesday in the,. 1 I j.1 T.iniian building, occupieu uy lh meaner Mercantile Company ana a arycleaning establishment The stock oftne Leader Company was destroyed,the loss being $4,000, partially coveredby insurance. The building was damaged. fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodtord.F. C. Passes Out o L. N.Control.Prooiricmt nhnrltts E. Hoee. of 'theRmnkfort and Cincinnati, Tuesdaysent out official notices to the railroadscalling attention to thefact ;that onJuly l'the road will be operated by thenpw management and that annual andf the :L. N.. which hascontrolled the road will not be goodfor Dassage after June 30. Tne noticealso'contains the lists of three officersnf the new company who are entitledto annual passes fcunder the interstateact. The road has beennnpra ted bv the L. N.. but Kentuckyirieri that its control of theroad was illegal, and ordered the leaselermiuaieu.$20 to$95 Hav?4 ' Vyou losing a large percentage of yourCORN PLANT, that would beat anyHay, if placed in a SILOA prominent feeder, in buying his fourth Silo, says:"Owing to the short hay crop, and the results wesecure in Silage, we need another one."the hot. weather that burns out pasturthe hay crop will make a corn crop.Buyerssecure advantages in material, price and other ways-the Silo question should becorn planting. 100 ton Silo pastures 256 winter months, the cost being about onequarter a reotangular barn.YOU KNOW IT! EVERY CORN GROWER KNOWS ITKalamazoo soco. MichiganAgent, Paris, Ky.fat cur stareIGREENand Pure Food Store.All Vegetables KeptNo Street DisplayJI r .MATRIMONIAL.McKEE KIMBROUGH. 'The marriage of Miss Anna Louise McKee to Mr. Joseph Major Smith,of Cynthiana. was quitely celebratedTuesday afternoon at 5 o'clock at theesidence of Mr. and Mrs, rnomas ai-en, in tins cuy. xev. it. uihe Christian churcn, oniciaung.ThP. hride. who is a most cnarmingyoung woman, is tne aaugnusi: ui me' .ii 1 J-j .C xllate J. W. and Mrs. Anna lvicivee,of Cynthiana, and a graduate of Belmont College, JNasnvine, renn. mr.Kimbrough is the son ot Mrs. ii. t.Coughlin, of Lexington, and is an excellent young man,. TJie marriage isculmination or a ioye anair ui jongstanding, and was quietly ceienratecias a surprise to the friends of the popular ccuple. After tne weaaing Mr.nnn Mrs. Kimbroufrh left for Cincinnati and wiU shortly return to Cynthiana where they will reside.HARRIS-DALE.-Miss Gertrude Harris, of this city,and Mr. William Dale, ot Cynthiana,were united in marriage in LexingtonWednesday- afternoon at the noma ofofficiating minister, Elder I. J. Spencer. The wedding took place at 2:30o'clock.The bride is the eldest daughter ofMr. and Mrs. L. T. Harris, of Pans,and is a handsome and attractiveyoung woman with many excellenttraits of character. She is a graduateof the Bourbon Female College anduntil the last week occupied a positionwith the Metroploitan Life InsuranceCompany.Mr. Dale who is m tne employ oithe L. & N. railroad, is a young manof exceptional character and is veryrorjular with a host of friends. TheA i- ?n i"i ,iyoung coupie win resiueiiiuviiiuuii.Paris Nero Assaulted By FoolPads.Frank Jones, colored, of this city,was assaulted in Lexington, Wednesday nigh', and as a result is in a serious condition at the Good SamaritanHospital in that'eity, with probabbly afractured skull. He was found unconcsious yesterday morning beneath agrape-arbor in the-back yard of a residence on Maxwell street, and close beside him lay a four-foot section of twoinch iron pipe and a heavy club. HisDockets were empty and the valuelesscontents were left scattered on theground close to where the prostrateform of the victim of supposed footpads lay.Jones was taken to the Good Samaritan Hospital, where he is still unconscious, and it is feared that his skullhas been fractured. There kis no clueto the identity of his assailant, but thedetectives are working on the case.Jones was found leaning back againstthe wall of an outbuilding and wasapparently dead. The back of his headwas beatenjalmost to a pulp. Jones wasfound to be still alive and could openhis eyes. He was apparently delirious.however, and could only mutter a fewunintelligible sounds,learned from a scrappocket.iib name wasof paper in hisSevearl articles of no valueAverefound lying about on the ground as ifthev had been pulled out of his pockets.There was niether money nor any othervaluables ofany sort in his pockets.J jnes had apparently crawled severalyards after being beaten until nearlydead.'andjt is believed he was able toreach the bench where he was found,but could not get further or give thealarm that he had been attacked.The fact that there was a club foundnearhy as well as the blcody section ofgas pipe indicates that there was morethan one involved in the crime.It is believed that Jone3 lav morethan half the night unable to call foHassistance. !Jones is well-known in Paris, where!he 'lived for many jears. He was a Istone mason by trade and recentlymoved to Lexinerton. vherp hp wnengagd in the saloon buisness. On sevral occasions he was in court herecharged with operating blind tigersClaysville.inLaughlin Will Treat Your Hogs.Mr. B. F. Laughlin, manufacturer ofLaughln's Hog and Chicken Remedy,can bo found at all times at Butler'sdrug store, opposite the court house,Paris. Ky,. He will treat .yoiir hogs.l"8-4tRefrigerators; Lawn and PorchFurniture.See my immene stock of refrigerators ; every size and of best makes.My asortmenc of lawn and porchfurniture is unequalled. A splendidline of rugs, carpets and wall paper toselect from. Call and look them over.Prices most reasonable.J. T. HINTON.THEFor Friday OnlyMending Tissue for repairingsilks or clothing of any kind, apackage 5c.Ice Picks 5c, Shelf Paper 50;sheets for oc, handled GraniteIron Baking Pans, 6-qt. size,each 10c.Magic Solder, mends Rubber,Granite, Tin, etc., a package 10c.No heat required.Porch Seats 5c, Tin Milk Pans3 for 10c. All sizes.The new Indian Tuner Bell $1.Alarm Clocks, special Fridayonly, 69c.Cake Plates, Vegetable Bowls,Meat Dishes, big assortment,beautifully tinted and decorated,your choice only 10c.Toilet Paper, 10 rolls for 25c.First quality Granite 12-qt.size Preserving Kettles, each 35c.THE FAIR.FAIR !SESSIONUilGII NIGHTWild Scenes Mark ConventionWhen Candidates are Placed' in Nomination.ONLY ONE BALLOT TAKENFirst Vote Give Clark Lead ButChoice Requires 2-3 Adjourn Until 4 P. M.FIRST BALLOT Wilson 324, ; Cla k440 1-2; Underwood 117 1-2: Harmon61 ; .Baldwin 32: tfrvan 1: Snlzpr 2:Not voting 2.Adjourned till neon.jdaj-i i iiviujR.cj, june 28, b'Ao a. m.T5 A T mimrvnn t r-,n .At seven o'clock this morning theNational Democratic convention is stillin session following an all-night vigil,during which the convention hall vthe scene ot many frantic demonstrations. The nominations at this hourhave not been completed and the rolcall or the states each time brings tothe platform a delegate to place innomination a candidate or to offersecond.The hundreds of delgates show plainIv the effct of the session which hasextended for almost a full ten hoursMany look worn and haggard as a result of the trying ordeals which theyhave undergone, while the excitementof the convention was at its height.There seem no end to the number ofspeeches, and, although a time limitwas placed on each speech by thechairman, they are frequently exceeded, much to the dislike of the delegates who give vent tas their displeasure by cries of "time."The spectators that throng thegalleries give no evidence of beingweary of the long-drawn-out sesison,Demonstration after demonstrationwas accorded the candidates as theywere placed in nomintion. When Wilson's name was placed before the convention it was a signal for an uproarthat continued for almost an hour anda half, and tHat accorded the'presentaton of the name of Champ Clark continued fora likejperiod.The Chairman had all he could doduring tho night to keep order in thegreat convention hall, and the wildscene greatly retarded the progress ofthe convention. It was reported lastnight that the Platform Committeewould meet today at 11 o'clock.BALTIMORB, June 28. 4:55 a. m.Gov. Thomas H. Marshall was placedin nomination by a member of theIndiana delegation. The delegation began to parade the hall with a bandplaying. Chairman James made repeated efforts to restore order, afterthe demonstration started by theIndiana delegation had ceased andwhich was joined by a large number ofthe immense crowd of delegates.Quiet was restored and the nominations of Wilson, Clark and Underwoodreceived seconds. The crowd becamevery impatient, frequently interrupt-ing the speakers with call of time,BALTIMORE, June 28,6:16 a.m.The name of Gov. Judson Harmu waspresented for the Presidential nomina-tion by Hon. M. Daugherty, of Lancaster, O. Senator Gore addressedthe convention seconding the nomination of Woodrow Wilson. SenatorGore produced much laughter and applause when he said President Tafthadbeen busy for the past three and onehalf years carrying out the policies ofTheodore Roosevelt on a stretcher.BALTIMORE. JUNE 28. 2:15 a.in. When the State of New Jerseywas reached a delegate from thatState ascended the platform andulaced in nomination Gov. WoodrowWilson, of New Jersev. Bofore he hadopened his mouth to speak the hall wasin an uproar. Hats were thrown' inthe air, women were waving handkerchiefs and the greatest demonstrationof the whole convention was on.For one hour and ten mnutes theuproar continued while CnairmanJames pounded vigorously for order.The noiso did not slacken in the leastuntil the Chairman had introducdJudge Wescott, of New Jersey. Thiswas the signal for another demonstration and a parade of the delegations ofa dozen States started, which continued for fifteen minutes. ChairmanJames had great difficulty in restoringorder to introduce Mr. Ralph Anderson, of Georgia, who seconded thenomination of Wilson.He took the stand at 4:15 a. m. andclosed fifteen minutes later. A numberof the Illinois delegation took the platform and seconded the nomination ofChamo Clark.BALTIMORE, June 28. 1 a. m. Ther oil of States was called for nominations for President. When the Stateof Alabama was reached A. H. Blanckhead placed in nomination Oscar W.UnJerwoo'J. Arizona yelled to Missouri, and Senator Reed, of KansasCity, plactd in nomination ChampClark. A wild demonstration followedthe mention of the name of Clark.For one hour and fifteen minutes thedemonstration continued unabated.Before the speaker's stand a large redbanner was placed bearing "Clark OurNext President." The conventioncrew impatient at Senator Reed's longdrawn-out speech and he was frequently interrupted.BALTIMORE June 27. The crowdbegan gathering, very early forwhich was expected to be the mostimportant session of the DemocraticConvention. The streets in the vicinityof the hall was (crowded with peopleand more or-lsss difficulty was experj.enced by even ticket holders in gain-ng admission to the hall, ine gai-nnpq nrp. n lea even ac mi catijrhour and thewhole population of Baltimore is anticipating the nomination oithe Democratic candidate at this session.- Wm Jflnnmcs Brvan was civen atremendous ovation as ne enterea tnehsll'and the band played Lo. ineConquering Hero Comes." Mr. Bryantook his seat on the piatiorm airectiybehind the speaker's stand.The band started its evening concertwith "The. Star Spangled Banner,'and it was an imposing sight to watchthe crowd arise from their seats andevery man's hat in the air. Many ofthe audience joined in singing tneNational anthemSenator LaFollette, of Wisconsin.entered and took a seat in the pressstand. He was recognized by the ie-nnrters and eiven an ovation of their,own making.The crowd attending the evening session of the contention is greater thanthat of any session, iveiy spectator sseat is filled and all the aisles arecrowded. Mr. Brvan, accompaniedby Mr James, took their seats at thefront of the platform and a mightyroar of cheers greeted them. - Chairman James called the convention toorder. He announces that he wasadvised there are a large number ofdelegates outside the hall and werennahl& o cain admission on accountof the congestion at the entrance ofthe huiliner and ordered that all doorsof the hall be locked until every delegate gained admssion. He also orderedthe aisles closed.Mr. Bryane arose and asked unani2mous consent of the convention tooffer a resolution. This was granted,and Mr Bryan began speaking.Mr. Bryan moved that no candidateshall receive the nomination of theconvention who is under the domination of J. Pierpont Morgan, ThomasRvan.!Aueust Belmont or any otherrepresentative of predatory wealthVarious objection to the resolutionwere heard and Senator Luke Lee, ofTennessee, jumped to his feet and demanded that the names of such objectors be registered.Objections heard from the floorprompted Mr. Bryan to move the suspension of the rules so that a vote betaken on the resolution-.Gov. Gilchrist, of Florida, arises tomake the point that therules couldnot be suspended. Mr. James ruledthat as inasmuch as the convention ofthe Democratic party is asovereign, itmay suspend its rules at any time itwishes.Many paliamentary questions werebrought up by delegates from thefloor. The fight at this stage was aparliamentary one. Almost every ruling so far being in favor of Mr.Bryan's side 'ot the argument. Eachside was allotted twenty minutes fordebate on the motion, Mr. Bryan beginning the argument for the affirmative. Mr. Bryan in his address namedThos. F. Ryan and August Belmont,each of whom were among thu accredited delegates to the conventioVi. asstriving to gain control of the convention behalf of the interests. Hisspeech was interspersed with invectives aginst the disgrace of capitalismand he was mterruped momentarily bvwild bursts of applause. He said heonly asked that every member of theconvention go on record.Mr. Talbott, of Norlh Carolina, amember of the National Committee,reached the sublime as he finished hisspeech and stated that "Every realDemocrat in the convention is withyou on this propositon."The opposition to Mr. Bryan'smotion was championed bv Mr. H.D. Flood, of Appomattox, Va. Hetook the stand as Mr. Biyan retires.Several fist fights took place on thefloor. 2Tee convention would not listen toMr. Flood and he was succeeded bySenator-elect Vardamann, of Mississippi. Mr. VBrdaman said "that themotion of Mr. Bryan is "Right atleast in part" but he objected to it asa whole.Mr. Flood addressed the conventionagainst the resolution and asked thatthe last part of the resolution whichnames the members of the conventionfrom Virginia and New York be withdrawn. New York refuses to agree.Ex-Governor McCorkle agreed thatwhile he is at heart with the resolution the time for its presentation wasinopportune. He was the recipient offrequent applause, but the tension ofthe convention was too high to permitof any great outburst.Mr. Flood vigorously assailed Mr.Bryan, calling "him "the one man" whowishes to destroy the Democraticparty.Mr. Bryan replied and withdrew thelatter part of his resolution which, individualized Ryan and Belmont. Theresolution was then offered. A motionto adjourn was ruled out of order.As the roll was being called greatconfusion reicned in the hall.Bryan's motion carried by a vote of897 1-2 to 1SS, 6 not voting. 2 12 being absent. The Chairman announcedthat; by the nearly unanimous vote ofthe convention the motion is carried.Chairman James announced that nominations for the office of President ofthe United States are in order. Aresolution limiting nomination speechesto 20 minutes ard the secoudingspeeches to 5 minutes was carried b.vthe convention.AFTERNOON SESSION BULLETINS. When the doors of the conventionhall were thrown OD-n at 10 a. m. thecrowd wai'inu admission was greaterthan at any previous session. Ie isexpec?eJ that the nomiriMting soeechesfor the candidates for President willbe maie. and perhaps several ballotstaken at this 3rSsion. The skies areovercast and ihe a'LUicsphare close andhot. Myriads of fa:;s are already inevidence anion? the spectators.The galleries are jammed. Most ofthe delegates are in their sects andChairman Parker has just a?cended theplatform. The first thing before theCommittee will be the report of theCom- ittee on Permanent Organizationand the election of permanent officersof the convention. Senator OllieJamefc, of Kentucky, is the unanimouschoice cf the Committee.Chairman Parker begins hammerin-zfor order. The hall is in confusion.Chairman Parker requests the policeto clear the aisles, it is met withcries from the press ?tand to "jSitdown on tn platform!" The speaktra'stand is entirely surrounded by menstanding, and it is impoa3ibl for thoseseated in the press stand to obtain aview of the speaker or hear what isbeing said from the speakers stand.Chairman Parker introduces RabbiGuppernacher, of Baltimore, who pronounces the invocation.Rabbi Guppernacher concludes hisprayer.A minority report from the Commit-,tee on Credentials is being presentedto the convention relative to a contestmade on the delegation from SouthDakota, which was seated by theNational Committee.The report of the minority in theCommittee on Credentials is being presented by ex-Governor McCorkle. oiWest Virginia. He is frequentlyinterrupted by outbursts of applause.Gov. McCorkle is vigorously supporting the Champ Clark contentionthat the ten delegates irom aouinDakota should have been instructedfor Clark instead of Gov. Wilson. Heis interrupted in his address by astatement'of Congressman Henry, ofTexas, who is supporting the minorityreport ot the Committee on Credentials. Gov. McCorkle concludes his addressand Mr. Henry yields the floor to Mr.Crayne. of Texas. He is followed byex-GoV. Blanchard, of Louisiana.Gov. Blanchard concludes his addressaimdst loud applause and shouts ot"Vote! Vote!" However, he is followed by Joseph S. Bell, of Indiana,who is Chairman of the Committee onCredentials, and who is supportingthe majority report.Chairman Bell concludes his speechand is followed b.v a South Dakotamemberof the Committee onCre-dentials.The gentleman addressing the convention is Mr. T. J. Knox, a delegateat large from Minnesota. He is frequently interrupted by both cheers andjeers.Mr. Knox concludes his address.There is a cry of "Vote! Vote!" ,Mr.Theo. A. Bell, ot California, begins anaddress.Mr. Bell, in his speech, mentionedthe name of Champ Clark and theClark men tried to start a demonstration. Chairman is pounding vigorously for order, and while the convention is in disorder the demonstration isnot a great one. Several delegates areendeavoring to make motions from thefloor of the convention.In making a motion from the platform both the names of Wilson andClark were mentioned and rival demonstrations begun. Many fiag3 and banners are being carried around the hallbut the Wilson banners seem to havethe best of it.Several of the banners being carriedaround the ha 1 are incsribed "Give usWilson and we will give you Minnesota. Give us Wilson and we will giveyou New York."The Wilson boomers now greatlyoutnumber those of the other candidates and the hall is filled with a bedlams of shouts and cheers. Everyoneis shouting for Wilson and the band isplaying "Everybody is doing it now."After ten minutes of shouting andparading the Chair endeavors to restore order. His efforts, however,meet with renewed outhursts.Most of the delegates have resumedtneir seats but the spectators are keeping up the din. The Chairman istryinghard to restore order.The Chairman threatens to have thegalleries cleared unless there is immediate order.Mr. Bell, of California tries to resume his address and is met by derisivecheers from the gallery. Sercent-at-armsMartin orders the police to immediately remove anyone in the gallery causing a disturbance.Mr. Bell is finally able to resumehis talk but is constantly interruptedMr. Bell finally retires.Roil call on the question of the contest in South Dakota. The Credentials Committee had reported in favor ofthe Clark delegation, The minorityreport was in favor of Wilson. Theroll call is on the substitution of theminority report for the majority report. Yes for the minority and no forthe majority. Total vote: No, 415;Ye, 6?9 1-2. The minority wins.Senator John Sharp Williams, ofMississippi rises to a point of order andsays that the Supreme Court of theUnied States had decided that thePhillipine Islands are no part of theUnited States, and therefore they hadno voice in the convention or the election. The question is being debated.Discussion by Mr. Palmer, of Pennsylvani i.By a viva voce vote the resolutionoffered by Mr. Palmer, of Pennsylvania, to seat the delegates from thePhillipines is defeated. There aremany cries of "Roll Call!" The reportof the Committee on PermanentOrganization is being presented byChairman Beane, of Georgia. Itunanimouusly recommends the electionof Senator-elect Ollie James, of Kentucky, as permanent chairman.The resolution endorsing the reportof the Committee on premanent organiaztiuon is unanimously adopted.Permanent Chairman James is beirfgescorted to the stand by a committeeappointed by Temporary ChairmanParker. The band is playing "My OldKentucky Home," and the entire Kentucky delegation have gone temporarilycrazy.As Chairman James takes his placaat the speakers' desk he ia wildlycheerd by the crowd. He is introduced to the convention by Chairman Packer. Mr. Parker introduces Mr. James asone cf the most distinguished leaderst th-? American Democracy. Mr.Janrus begi..s his address to the conver.tiov. Mi. James said that the Republicanparty promised to revise the tariff, anddid so by increasing the tariff two cercent, hicher than it ever had been before, this being done to protect the infant industries. The Democrats propose, he said, to wean these infant industries. Mr. James' statement that"Rosevelt says that Taft favors thetrusts and Taft says thFt Rooseveltfavors the truts. and I believe theyare both telling the truth," is receivedwith laughter and arplause.Mr. James is reviewing the historyof the Democratic House of tReposantatives two vears aco. His address isverv enthusiastically received. Jr"Mr. James bitttrlv attacks Kresl--dent Taft's Commerce Commission and4Tariff Board.(aiL 80URB0H NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGBuys Cypress Street Residence.Tues-PERSONAL MENTION.Mrs. H. J. Grosehe is visiting relatives at Dayton, Ky.Mrs. Lee T. Beall, who has beenquite ill for a week is improving.3 Mrs. R. G. Stoner, of Mt. Sterling, was a visitor in Paria, Wednesday.Misses Kate Linehan and WinfredDovle are visiting friends in Cincinnati.Mr. Homer Kiser purchasedday of Mr. Solomon Current a house ! tives.mill Inf. in Rnnvhnn FTpntrhfe frnntincr IMrs. RichardWelling and daughter are in Gynthiana on a visit to rela-Oypress street.private.The price paid wasNotice To Eagles.There will be a called meeting ofBourbon Aerie No. 1781, Eagles, atElks' Hall, Friday evening, June 28,at 7:30 o'clock to discuss holding thecarnival in this city during the weekof July 1. . iProtect your growing tobacco with Hail Insurance.THOMAS & WOODFORD.Investigates Carlisle Fire.Deputy State Fire Marshal W. R.Hukill,- of this city, went to Carlisleyesterday to conduct an investigationinto the causeof the fire, which sweptthat city Sunday night, doing a damageto the extent of S30.000.Protect your growing tobacco with Hail Insurance.THOMAS & WOODFORD.Grimes Residence Sold.William Grimes, administrator ofthe estate of the late John B. Grimes,sold yesterday the residence on Higgins avenue to Mr. John ConnelKThe price paid for the property wasnot made pubiic. Mr. Connell getsimmediate possession and will moveat once to his new residence.For Sale.. First class trap and harness, goodas new. For sale cheap.1-t C. P. COOK.Takes Position in Paris.Rassenfoss. Jr., son of Mr.and Mrs. Geo. Rassenfoss of this city,has accepted a position as stenographer and bookkeeper at the establishment of the film of J. S. Wilson & Bro.Mr. Rassenfoss has recently been emSployed in Lexington, resicning his position in that city to return to hishome.Valuable Advice.One farmer reports loss of $400 byhog choiera. Use Laughlin's HogRemedy and you won't lose a hog .For sale only bvCHAS. E. BUTLER & CO.,lS-4t Opp. Court House, Pans, Ky.Watson Awarded Damages.The jury in the case of Chas. Watson vs. the Standard Oil Company ofKentucky, on trial in the BourbonCircuit Court, brought in a verdict of$4,175 for the plaintiff. The case wasa suit for damages growing out of anaccident which occurred last Octoberwhile Watson was in the employ ofthe defendant company, tearingawav a u6rtion of the frame structurenear the oil tanks of the company onthe L. & N. railroad, in this city. Asa result of an accident Watson suffered a broken leg and other injuries.Aeroplane Victim Related inBourbon.Mrs. Miller Clark, of Chicago, whowas killed instantly by striking a treewhile making a fight in an aeroplaneat Springfield, 111., at the State Fairgrounds, Monday, June 17, was a sister-in-lawof Mrs. W. J. Clark, wholives near Little Rock, in Bourboncounty. Mrs. Clarke was one of thethree women in the United States tohold "an aeroplane license. She wasv ell-known in Kentucky where shehas host of relatives and friends. Shewas conceded to be one of the handsomest women in Chicago' social circlespossessing a very attractive personality and great chajm of manner.Boots, Oxfords and Pumps.Plenty of white Newbuck boots forladies, also oxfords and pumps, nowon sala at Fells' Shoe Store. tfBargains In Skirts.Bv an odd stroke of good fortunewe bought 289 Tailored Skirts to seilat near half pries. We have assortedthese skirts in lots.Lot No. 1 All 7.50 skirts for 3.98.Lot No. 2 All S9.00 skirts for S4.9S.Lot No. 3A11 12.50 skirts for 86.98.Lot No. 4 All 1.25 Linene skirts for59 cents. ...Lot No. 5. An $1.7o Pecay skirtsfor 98 cents.Come early and make your selectionbefore your size is sold. -tftr RiMON DEPARTMENT STOREjrham house dressesandKimonas, $1.50 quality for Saturday only at 98 cents.Refrigerators:Get the new Iceberg refrigeratorA. P. WHEELER & CO.sold bytfBourbon Farm Brings Good PriceHarris & SDeakes, real estateagents,. sold privately for the heirs ofthe late Dr. Noah Moore, their farin onthe Cynthiana pike, containing 23oacres of well-improved land. The purchasers are the Misses Cockerel, ctIrvine, Ky.. who naid $137.50 per acrefor the farm. Possession will begiven at nnce. The farm, which wasoffered about two years ago at publicsal to settle up the estate, was boughtby the heirs at 8135 per acre. TheMisses Cockerel are well-known andsubstantial peoDle of Estill county, andown a large bodv of land near Irvine.RoppnMv thev sold a tract to the Lcuis-vil!e& Nashville railroad for $17,500.They will move te Bourbon county onOctober 1 to make their future" home.Mrs. Duncan Bell is visiting herbrother. Mr. Morris Renick in Middletown, O.Mr. Shearer Eads, of Richmond,spent Sunday with Mr. and Mrs. L. R.Kilpatrick.Mrs. Ella St. Clair Moss, ofColumbia, Mo., i3 the guest of Mrs. R.B. Hutchcraft.Master Leonard Tully went toBeattyville, Wednesday, to visit Mr.Chas. Wilson.Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraft left ! KreSS 4yesteraav for Covington to visit MissEuJly Woodall.Mr. Fred Batterton left Wednesday afternoon for abusiness trip to Indianapolis, Ind.Rev. George H. Harris will fillhis pulpit at the Episcopal church atthe usual hour Sunday.Rev. J. S. Sims, pastor at theMethodist church will preach Sundaymorning and evening.The young ladies of the city willentertain with a leap year dance atElk's Hall this evening.Mrs. E.L. Harris has gone to Knoxville, Tenn., to take a special coursein kindergarten training.Mrs. John Barnes, of M. Sterling,is visiting her sister, Mrs. B. A. Frankand Mrs. Louise Wilmoth. xMiss Blanche Lilleston ' has goneto Knoxville, Tenn., to take a specialcourse in primary teaching.Miss Laura Perry Davis leaves today for a visit of several weeks tofriends in Indiananolis, lnd.Rev. W. E. Ellis will preach at theChristian church Sunday morningand evening at the usual hours.Mrs. Harry Stamler and son, Raymond will leave in a few days for avisit to relatives in Alpine. Texas.Thos. McClintock went to 'CampDaniel Boone, Wednesday morning tojoin the party of Y. M. C. A. campers.Miss Elizabeth Cructcher willleave next week for New York whereshe will pursue her studies in music.Mr. C. E. Willmott, Jr.. returnedto his home in Lexington. Wednesday,aftr a visit to Mr. and ' Mrs. E. T.Iiinton.Misses Lyda B. Cheatham andKatherme Lynch, of Nicholasville.are the guests of Mrs. L. R. Kilpatrick. Mrs. James Brannin and son, Parish, who have been the guests of Mr.and Mrs. D. C. Parrish, have returnedto their home in Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. Catesby Woodfordhave returned from a trip to Cincinnati and have as their guest, MissAldrich, of Charleston, W. Ma.Misses Myrtle ''Smith and LillianHarlan, of Lagrange, who have been ;the guests of Mr. and Mrs. L. I.Smith, in this city, have returned home.Judge Chas. Kerr, attorney; B. T.Soutgate, attorney ; George Hunt andB. T. Vaughan, all of Lexington, andJ. T. Thornton, of Vrsailles, were visitors, at the Bourbon Circuit Court,Tuesday.Miss Emma L. Bryan, of nearNorth Middletown, teacher of musicinthe graded school at Little Rock, hasgone to Detroit to enter the conservatory of music, where she will remainduring the summer.Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive will be inhis pulpit at the Presbyterian churchSunday morning and evening at theusual hours. Rev. Homer McMillan,of Atlanta, Ga., will be with Rev.Shire during both services Sunday.Prayer meeting will be held at thechurch Wednesday evening at 7:30o'clock.There will be services both morning and evening at the Baptist churchnpxt Sundav. Rev. E. M. Lightfootwill preach on ' A Victory AgainstGreat Odds," at 10:45, and at 7:30 p.m.. "How To Avoid The Fear OfSelf." Sunday school and Baracaclass at 9:30. A cordial. welcome forall.Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraftentertained Wednesday morning with aInncheon-bridce in honor of Miss MaryLeonard, of Lexington, and her charm-1ing guest. Miss Overton, of Nashville, 1Tenn. There were four tables of nlay- Jers. and after the games, a delightful ttwo-course luncheon was served to the jyoung ladies, who thoroughly enjoyed !the lovely hospitality. Mrs. William ;Ardery won the prize for the largest .pcore. a Dair of silk hose, which she .graciously presented to Miss Oveiton.Mrs William R. Scott was hostessto'a card narty Wednesday afternoon,at"her home, "on Main street. 'lherewere ten tables of six-hand euchre.The reception hall, parlor, dining room,living room, ana the porch, where thegames were played, were attractivelydecorated 'with quantities of gardenflowers and growing plants. Upontheir arrival, the guests were pervedwith fruit Dunch from a beautituiiy apnnintpri tnhlp. hv Misses Amelia Leerand Elizabeth Jasper. Two prizeswere awarded, Mrs. Owen Davis securing a cut glass vase, and Mrs. J. T.Vansant, an ivory hand-pfinted fan;the consolation prize, a crochetedhandkerchief bag, was given to Mrs.Frank Clay. After the games delicious ices, individual cakes and mintswere served. The occasion was greatlyenjoyed by a large number of guests.One of the most delightful dancesof the summer season was that givenWednesday evening at Elk's Hall bythe young men of the town. In returnthe young ladies will give a leap yeardance tonight at Elk's Hall. Thosepresent were: Misses Mary MitchellClay, Frances Clay, Helen Desha,Awna Wilson, Louise uSteele, VirginiaYoung, Mary Adams Lincoln, Louisville: Nell Crutcher, Elizabeth Hin-fton.Anrie Embry, Marie Talbott, Matilda James, JUlizabeth Kenick, JNannyClay, Elizabeth Brown, Eleanor Clay,Marguerite Douglas. Messrs. BlairVarden, Revel Whitridge, Baltimore;Hugh Ferguson, Will K. Ferguson,Hiram Roseberry. John Stuart. JohnPrice, Fay Ardery, Harry Horion,Harmon Turner, Duke Brown, Coleman Renick, Douglas Clay. EdwardFithian. Joe Davis, Clarence Barbee,Tom Prichard, Rogers Moore. WillEstill Moore, Harold Harris, ErnestMartin, Mr. Long, Georgetown.Mrs. Joseph Farris is visiting Mrs.O. P. Wallingsord, in Cynthiana.Miss Nannie Milburn, of Cincinnati, is visiting relatives in this city.Mrs. Swift lhamp is at NortonInfirmary, Louisville. Mrs. Chamnunderwent a surgiral operation .Tuesday and was reported as doing nicelylast night. Dr. Louis Frank and Dr.Wm. Kenney were the attendingph.vsicians.Company ToChurch Site.Build OnThat the old Baptist church at thecorner of Main and Sixth streets willbe torn away in the near future andreplaced by a modern and substantialbusiness block is shown by the announcement made by Mr. Toole, representative of the S. H. Kress & Co,,of New York who own the property.The announcement was made byMr. Toole while on a Visit to this citylooking over the ground, and whogave out the information that thecompany contemplates the beginningof the work of improving the propertyin a short time.The company, which operates 350live and ten cent stores in variousparts of the country, according toMr. Toole is very much pleased withthe business outlook in Paris and arevery anxious to get their business inthis city started. The cost of theproposed improvements will amountto between $25,000 and 30,000. Thebuilding will be a three story structore of wThite pressed brick. Themain floor which has a frontage of 66feet on Main street will be divided into two score rooms, the one on theon the corner to" be the largest oftwo and which will be used for theretail business of the firm. Thesecond and third floors will be fittedin modern office suits.The old church property was purchased about two years ago by Kress& Co., through the local real estateagent, Lee T. Beall. who has sincerepresented the foreign concern in abusinessway in this city.For Rent.Cottage on 19th street, sevenrooms, bath, electric lights and allmodern conveniences. Telephone orapply to28-tf T, F. BRANNON.For Sale.House and lot in Ruckerville. Forterms apply to21-3t J. SHERMAN AYERS.For Rent.Desirable flat to renb on secondfloor, over C. P. Cook's grocery, onMain street, between Seventh andEighth ; bathroom and other conveniences. Possession at once. Apply toJ. T. HINTON,18-tf Both phones 36."Roxie" Davis !tU Insurance AgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137Bourbon Man in Litigation.The fifth trial of the, suit of JesseFishback against . Perrs Ward, inwhich ten barrels of corn are in controversy, is being -held in the NicholasQuarterly Court'before Special JudgeSamuel HolmesFishback now resides in Indiana, butformerly lived in Bourbon county,while Mr. Ward is a farmer bt Nicholas county. It is alleged that Wardsold Fishback some corn in a pen, andwhen it was measured some monthsafterwards it is said that it fell shortten barrels.Suit was instituted following a dispute as to who should stand the lossfor the alleged shortage. 'The casewas tried twice in the court ot JudgePlummer in Carlisle and twice in theQuarterly Court. Owing to the unusual nature of the case it is attractinga great deal of attention.IranyYears5ExperienceWith a reputation based upontwenty-five years of successfulbanking experience theThe Bourbon Bank andTrust Co.Paris, Kentucky,has amended its charter so as tobe able to act as Executor or Admiuistrator of Estates-as Guardianor Trustee and any other fiduciarycapacity.With ample capital and surplusand long experience, its TrustDepartment is eminently qualifiedto render efficient service.Specials.Ladies' 25c Gauze Lisle Hosiery. .15cLadies' 50c Pure Silk Hosiery. .39cLadies' 75c Pure Silk Hosiery 50cMisses'. 75c Pure Silk Hosiery .50cLadies' 25c Eibbed Lisle Vests 15cLadies' 50c Ribbed Lisle Vests ."35c15c Stickeri or ScallopedjEdges y .10c10c Handkerchiefs 5c65c and 75c Neckwear 49c50c Shears and Scissors 25cUp-to-Date Novelties Arriving Daily.W. Ed Tucker IiAgent Butterick PatternsALWAYS THE NILYou Should HearThe NewJulyRecordsOn SaleTo-dayCome in and HearThem.' DescriptiveSupplementon RequestDAUGHERTY 10rFee's SpecialsA REAL Cooling DrinkZAMORATEA-ICED"When you're heat-weary nothingis so refreshing. It cools at onceand keeps you cool, while the invigorating properties of the teathoroughly restores your energy.The flavor is delicious, too. Tryit to-day.1 0c per package.Silver Slice Cakes 1 0cFee's Grocery Co.jDear Q.mfjDon' yo-u hink ha loi of paAen& doheiA ehildAen a wAon Xry no filing. xLp a Irea-u.-if-ulhome for hem? o? Ihink nohina' has xS-ueft.a refining. inj.l-u.enee -upon he ehildAen as alovely f-aAni&hed fiomc; i is a neueA 6 aAy paAof heiA eci-ueaion.a'm aoina o see ha my. ehildAen aAovs uphe pAopeA home amo6pheAe. feel iLKe o'his a6o o my ha6&and and o myself.&Aina he kiddies o See &aXry John.Wih love, always yoxtr fAiend,-oxt.LnoureBourbon Bank 4 TrustParis, Ky.Co.,Capital and Surplus $146,000.003 per cent, paid on Time Deposits(P.. S.Wha &ea-u?if-alvotj. can Irmy fAomand Mell-made f-aAnixiAeJ. T. Hhiton9IJtTHE POURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 28, 1912hiFOR PEOPLE WHOHAVE TO EAT.If yoa eat you need "Digestit." Itaidd Digestion, prevents distress aftereating, stops peas formation, relievesindigestion instantly and cures dyspepsia. Brown's Digestit is a little tablet easy to swallow and absolutelyharmless. It has relieved thousands.Sold on positive guarantee. Yourmoney back if you want it 50c. Askat G. S. Varden & Son's.Famous Stage Beautieslook with horror on skin eruptions,blotches, sores or pimples. Theydon't have them, nor will any onewho uses Buckln's Arnica Salve. Itglorifies the face, eczema or saltrheum vanish before it. It cures sorelips, cnapped hands: heals burns, cutsand bruises. Unequaled for piles.Onlv 25 c. at Oberdorfer's.Insure with VV. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfTEach age of our lives has its joys.Old people should be happy, and theywill be if Chamberlain's Tablets aretaken'to strengthen'the digestion andkeep the bowels regular. These tablets are mild and gentle in their actionlaud especially suitable for peopleof middle age and older. For saleby all dealers.Drives 0f a Terror.The chief executioner of death in-the'winter and snring months is pneumonia. Its advance agents are coldsand grip. In any attack by 'one ofthese maladies no time should be lostin taking the best medicine obtainableto drive it off. Countless thousandshave found this to be Dr. King's NewDiscovery. "My husband believesthat it has kept him from having pneumonia three or four times" writeBMrs. George W. Place, RawsonviHe,Vt., "and for'coughs, colds and croupwe have never found its equal."Guaranteed for all bronicha' affections.Price 50 cents and 81.00. Trial bottlefree at Oberdorfer's.AUTO FOR HIRESpecial attention given toparties desiring to hire automobiles. Call on us forpricesTRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Livery, Feed and Sales Stable.Eighth Street Both Phones.DR. DOLLE'SMESSAGE TOMENYOU CAN BE CURED BY,DE. 0. L. DOLLE. 1Why Take Treatment That Is Doing TonICo Good, When a Few Days under the caref Dr. Dolle Will Show You How Easy ItIs to Core These Diseases When the ProperTreatment Is Administered.Haye you treated for months and years, and"been disappointed until you think that you cannot he cured? You, no doubt, all this time nave"been treated by inexperienced doctors who hadneither sufficient knowledge nor experience toinow how to cure you.These are the diseases of which I havecured so many, justly jiving me the reputation for cures of which I am so proud.I Blood Diseases, Skin DiseasesI will give you treatment that will in a fewdays cure all rash, spots and every sign andsymptom. My treatment gets the poison out -of.the system instead of driving it in like ordinarytreatments. I cure blood diseases and skin disease so they cannot come back.Varicocele, causing aching or pain ingroin or bade, Nervousness, "Weakness,Zioss of Vitality, lack of AmbitionMy one-treatment cure is what you shouldnave and what you will have to have to be curedright. Only one visit is required. I do no cutting and you suffer no pain nor trouble. Allsigns disappear in a few days.Uervous Troubles, Lost VitalityMy combined treatment for these troubles so5ommonamong those who have become weak andwornout, who have caused it by folly, dissipationand excesses, is remarkably good. No one believeshowfluickly it benefits until they have taken it.It overcomes weakness, nervousness, pain inback, lack of energy, ambition and strength it'sjust the treatment I have found so effective intreating such diseases.t Kidney and Bladder Troublesare scientifically cured by me. My methods immediately benefit you, and the majority of casesI cure come from physicians and specialists whoiailed.'D; fc P?i c"f n1 ?i e lean cure you sofUCfe, riMUldC quickly and easilythat you will be surprised. I will give you justthe result and cure you are looking for withouta surgical operation.Acute Diseases SSSSiiSSSremedies seldom cure. My treatment stops everysymptom and cures in a few days. It is scientificthat's the only sure way to be cured so it willnot come hack.TeH can take my Treatment without aeest amd pay me after I cure you. I knowthat I can give you new life, new hope, and canrestore you back to health and happiness. IIchow that every man will pay after I nave ellm1 Bated every trace of disease from his system.Microscopical and analytical urinalysis FREE.I have writeen a book that ought to be in thefe&sdfi of every suffering man in this country. Iwfli send you a copy, free, if you will write me ateace the disease for which you desire treatement,Hoars, 9 to 4: Sundays, 9 to 1 p. m. Evenings,7 te 8. on Monday, Wednesday and Saturday nightsi CL L. DOLLE, M. D.Over Columbia Theater 525 Walnut St, betweeni Fifth and Sixth Streets.Ofiee easy to find, as all that is necessary is toaek lor the Columbia Theater, and any one can.idljcHi-tb.Se. :SNEW NEWS OF YESTERDAYHow Samuel J. Tilden Returneda Political Favcr.Democratic Leader Saved GeneralHusted, "Bald Eagle of Westchester," From Joining LiberalRepublican Party.By E. J. EDWARDS.In the legislative history of NewYork state, Gen. James S. Husted,who died In the early years of thecentury, is known as one who wasmany times elected speaker of the assembly, and who, for a period of yearsstretching from the early seventiesuntil the middle nineties, was a political power at Albany. A man ofslight stature, glittering black eyes,a heavy mustache and a broad expanse of perfectly polished head, ex-tcept just above the ears, where littletufts of hair clung, he never resentedthe nickname by which he was universally known in political circles, "TheBald Eagle of Westchester," he hailing from the county of that name.One day, while in conversation withGeneral Husted, I asked him whathis philosophy 'of politics was. Hisreply was given instantly, "Nevermake a personal enemy of a politicalopponent. Do everything you can,consistent with your party's welfare,for a member of the opposition, andthen make good with your own party.That has been my policy. It has keptme in public life. constantly; and I'llgive you an illustration of how itworks by telling you of the time itserved me excellently at a most critical period in my career."Although I was politically opposedto Samuel J. Tilden, I constantly putmyself out to do him little services, Asa result, I think he came to have asmuch confidence in me as he evergave to anybody, excepting a few ofhis most intimate personal friends.You know, he was. the most suspiciousman that was ever in politics with thepossible exception of Martin Van Buren, who was his teacher,"Well, I had been doing these little things for Tilden for quite a whilewhen there was to be held in the statea convention of the newly organizedLiberal Republican party, which hadnominated Horace Greeley for president and Gratz Brown of t. Touts forvice-president. It looked as thoughthat party was to have full swing inNew York state, and I was preparingto go as a delegate to the convention,which was to be held in a picnicgrove near Lake Ontario two. daysafter the state election in North Carolina, which at that time held its election early in the fall."The day that I was to go to theconvention found me, with packedgripsack, at the station, waiting formy train to arrive. I had been theremaybe five minutes when I was beckoned aside and a voice whispered intomy ear: 'General Husted, Mr, Tildenhas sent me to tell you not to go tothe convention, but to come at onceto his house.'"For a moment I was mystified anddid not know what to do. But I soonremembered that Tilden never didanything unless he had the best ofreasons, and so, ' instead of goingnorth, I went south to New York city,and in an hourpr two was standingin Mr. Tilden's house."He took me into his library, 'General Husted,' he whispered into myear, 'I have sent for you to advise -younot to have any part in that LiberalRepublican convention. Stay withyour old party. I will tell you whatmy reason is"He paused and drew me closer tohim, although, apparently, there wasnot the slightest reason why heshould not speak in ordinary tones ofconversation. Then he continued:"I have just had confidential information from North Carolina. TheLiberal Republican ticket in that statehas been badly defeated. That defeatwill be accepted everywhere as indicating what is in store for the LiberalRepublican movement nationally. Itwill fall to pieces," 'Now, I would advise you to stayaway from the Liberal Republicanconvention, and I would further adviseyou to take strong sides against themovement Then you will be returnedtriumphantly to the legislature. But ifyou join the Liberal party, it willtake you several years to get over theeffect of that action.'."I thanked Mr. Tilden, and mythanks were sincere. Then I wenthome and unpacked my gripsack, andyou should have heard me soundingthe praises of the Republican partythe next day. Later on I was electedtriumphant! and all because Mr.Tilden had taken an unusual way toreturn to me In a lump some of thelittle political favors I had put myselfout to do for him from time to time."(Copyright, 1910, by E. J. Edwards.)The Rush for Wealth.There are multitudes of people inthe world today who are steering andsailing for Ophir, simply because it isthe land of gold. What will they doif they reach their desired haven?They do not know. They do not evenask the question. They will be rich.They will sit down on their gold. Letus look our desires squarely in theface. To win riches, to have a certain balance in the bank, and a certain rating on the exchange, ia a realobject, a definite object; but It is afrightfully small object, for the devotion of a human life, and a bitterlydisappointing reward for the loss ofan immortal soul, If wealth is ourdesired haven, we may be sure thatit will not satisfy us when we reachit Henry Van Dyke, .NEW IDEA FOR PINCUSHIONDirections for Making One That Represents the Queer-Shaped"Humpty" Hassocks.New ideas for pincushions are rather difficult to find, and the suggestioncontained in our sketch should therefore be very welcome to our readers.It illustrates a small cushion madeto represent one of those oddly-shaped"humpty" hassocks that are so muchin vogue just at the present time.In the first place, two little bunshaped cushions should be made, andthese cushions can be covered withany remnants of material that may behandy. They are then placed oneupon the top of the other and lightlytacked together, and in turn coveredwith some pretty piece of brocade andtied tightly round . the center with asilk cord.These little cushions are quite simple to make, and should, of course, becarried out in quite a small size, andas a novelty for sale in a bazar theyshould not he forgotten at those timesset aside for charitable work, as anykind of little novelty will always command a ready sale.HOW TO USE THE P0STICHEIt Should Be Mads From One's OwnHair and Kept Untangledand Clean.The best postiche is made fromone's own combings. It is not hard tofind a hairdresser, even in - smalltowns, who makes false hair into various forms; if not, the combings canbe sent to a city establishment. Thecost of making is less than a boughtpostiche, and the risk lessened.See that the piece is tightly woven.If too loose, the hair pulls up androughens. When tins occurs there isno cure but reweaving.Never let a postiche get tangled.Brush it daily, or as often as worn,with a brush with rubber back andstiff bristles. This tears the hair lessthan combing. Occasionally put afew drops of brilliantine on the brush.It will take away the dead look thatso quickly comes to false hair.A postiche should not be allowed toTie uncovered collecting dust. Keepit in a drawer for cleanliness.A postiche should be frequentlywashed, especially when the hair hasbeen shampooed, for dust is transferred from it to the clean scalp. Usea suds of white soap, which is rinsedwell later, or gasoline. Dry quickly,shake well, and brush until fluffy.The adjusting of a postiche is important Brush the hair forward and pinthe edge with small steel pins. Thenbrush back in sections, pin into place,and draw one's own hair loosely overit or not, as you wish. Some womenprefer brushing the postiche and fronthair back as if all were grown on thehead.When a postiche is bought insteadof made from combings, pay more andget real hair. Cheaper grades soonfade and never fail to show with themost careful hairdressing.TAN SHOES ALL THE VOGUEEdict of Fashion That Designates ThisPretty Color Will Be WelcomedBuckles or Ribbons.Tan shoes are again in fashion.That light putty color which was somuch in fashion in France last winterand which on fenrpr? wnnlr? lipmcfashionable here is fortunately mis-Jsing. All the Russian tans are usedin pumps, in Oxfords, and in twoeyelet ties. Buckles still take precedence over ribbons, except in theOxfords and on pumps.True, a wide number of women prefer the more or less huge buckle ontheir pumps, but you will notice thatthe well-dressed woman who is smartly turned out in every detail will wearthe plain pump, with its flat bow ofcorded ribbon, such as the men wear,no matter what its heel.Buckles rightly belong to slippers,but there is no breach of good tastein choosing one of kid, of gunmetal,or of japanned metal on a pump ofdull kid. If one wears patent-leatherslippers, with -Spanish heels, then thebuckle may be of silver, of gilt, or of ,cut steel, but it is to be hoped that,American wromen will go back to theiroriginal method and keep this bril-'liant footwear off the streets in themorning hours.Flowered White Taffeta.One of the most modish of the summer materials for the youthful weareris a very soft sheer taffeta, strewnwith floral designs.This, however, must be made upvery simply if it is to .have the propereffect. There are radiums, crepes,crepons, and chiffons, too, on thesame general order, and all make delightfully quaint frocks with lace ortulle frills and perhaps touches ofcolor in pipings, etc., for trimming.The taifetas with minute hair linechecks cr stripes, in fresh color on awhite ground, make up into very girlish frocks, too, with collars and cuffsof embroidered batiste and trimmingof the silk itself in' cords, boiiillonees,cuchettes, etc.sickness, Scott's Emulsionincreases the appetite and buildsstrength rapidly. Its wonderfulnourishment assists nature inrestoring health. - All Druggists.Scott & Bowne. Bloom field N J 12-7For Kent.Front room over cas office. Suitablefor Office. For further narrinnlnrs: imply at News office.For SaleTwo pure blood Duroc boars readyfor service. E. T. Phoner726.S.G. CLAY,4-3t Paris, Ky.Notice.Notice is hereby given all personshaving claims against the estate ofWilliam Marshall, deceased, to pleasefile same according to law at my office at room No. 4 Elks' building andall persons indebted to the estate ofthe above mentioned decedent willplease call and settle said debts.THOMAS HURLEY, Adm'r.P. A. THOMPSON, Atty.31-3wk.EXCURSIONns9 Ky., toGndnnati,And Return.SUNDAY, JUNE 30, 1912Fare $1.50 And Return.Excursion Train leaves 7thStreet Station Returning to Parisat 7 p. m.Tickets good only day of sale.For further information, call on orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.A gold bracelet, between Tucker'sstore on Main street and Eight streetto High. Finder return to undersigned and get reward.MISS MARTHA MYNES,1022 High St.Professional CardsJ J. WHjIjTAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Building.Dr. ,Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones . 'RE. T. 334.ResidenceHome 334.DR. A. B KJELLER,Practicing Physician.Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's BlcVgParis, - KentuckyCHAUTAUQUAis best reached by theSeason Tickets on Sale DailyJune I to Sept. 30.Summer Excursion Ticlietson sale to New York Cicy and all Eastern resorts.Stop-overat Chautauqua Lake and Niagara Falls permitted on first-class one-way and round-trip tickets.Inquire of local ticket agent or -writeJ. H. Webster, Gen'l Agent PassengerDept. 416 Walnut St. Cincinnati, O., forfurther information.ITONEof B0URS0N POULTRY CUREdown a chicle's throat caresgapes. A few drops in thedrinking water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Diseases tif Fowls" sent FREE.Bourbon Remedy Co. Lexington, IjW. TV Brooks, DruguistDfiOPSPECIAL EXCURSIONTO THEfartains of Western North CarolinaWednesday,Hound-Trip FaresAshville, IN. C. - - - $7.50Hendersonvilfe, N. C. )Waynesville, IN. C. -Toxaway,IN. C. - - $9.00Special Through Train, consisting of electric-lighted PullmanObservation and Drawing-room Sleeping Cars, Dining Car and DayCoaches, will leave Georgetown at 8:30 p. m., July 10.Tickets also good on all regular trains. Return limit Ju y 25,1912. Liberal stop-over privileges.DIVERSE ROUTE(C W Cl ft T P RW )I, v.. in. J. x i . r. 'In Connection "Withn .,Southern RailwayBLUE GRASS PARKSpecial Excnrsiori onInterurban Line from Paris50 CENTS A ROUND TRIPEVERY NIGHT except SATUDAYand SUNDAY beginning MONDAYJUNE 17th, 1912.Good going only on cars leaving Paris 0 and 7 p. m. Eettrning leave Blue Grgss Park at 10:25 p. m., connectingat Lexington with 11 o'clock car for Poris. Excursiontickets must be purchased in advance from agents, as reduced fares will not be accepted on cars.AMUSEMENTS.Free Moving Pictures every night, Dancing with goodmusic. Inter-Midway with new features. Boating andFishing. New and Modern Restaurant. A good base balldiamond. Best picnic grounds in Central Kentucky.Sbecial Inducements offered to picnic and outing parties.For further information addressKENTUCKYTRACTIONLexington,YoungRead what Cardui did for Miss Myria Engler, ofFaribault, Minn. She says: "Let me tell you how muchgood Cardui has done me. As a young girl, I always hadto suffer so much with all kind of pain. Sometimes, I wasso weak that I could hardly stand on my feet. I got abottle of Cardui, at the drug store, and as soon as I hadtaken a few doses, I began to feel better.Today, I feel as well as anyone can."TAKEU J10Are you a woman? Then you are subject to a largenumber of troubles and irregularities, peculiar to women,which, in time, often lead to more serious trouble.A tonic is needed to help you over the hard places, torelieve weakness, headache, and other unnecessary pains,the signs of weak nerves and over-vork.For a tonic, take Cardui, the woman's tonic.You will never regret it, for it will certainly help you.Ask your druggist about it. He knows. He sells itWrite io: Ladies' Advisory Dept.. Chattanooga Medicine Co.. Chattanoogo. Tenn.,for Special Instructions, and 64-page book. " Home Treatment for Women."- sent free. J 59WKIKlUn ISSl Used in ever increasing Mmr quantities, because the roofsPut on 26 years ago are as jmfor Sale by Miller &July 10, 1912Ffom Georgetown, ICy.:"Land ofThe Sky""SapphireCountryGo direct and return via ChattanoogaLookout Mountain, or vice-versa.1.50 additional.For full information call on anyTicket Agent or write :11 C. KING, Passenger and TicketAgt,, 101 E. Main St., Lexington, Ky.W. A. BECKLER, Genl. Pass. Agt.Ingalls Bldg., Cincinnati, o.3 TERMINAL CO.Kentucky.WomenTkWoman'sTonieSHINGLES,Best, Millersburg, Ky.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 28, 1912Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shavego to Buck's barber shop. Th. ree firstsclas? barbers. 13 tfDrink SPARKLINGDonwanrBPSoiREG. J-S'1 Ba AfraidEat What YouJUat rvvhat you want when you wantit and "Digestit." Two or three tablets after meals digests all the food,prevents distress, relieves indigestioninstantly. Brown's Digestit is a littletablet easy to swallow, absolutely. harmless. It has relieved thousandsI and is guaranteed to olease you, if not, your money refunded 50c. Ask at G.a. varden & Son s.Healthful and Refreshing rw Lrs. ?!-o ; '-""i "'6"cai iiupub cue oneii uenbs anrTfiZf stroyed to prepare us for better5cin Bottles."5cthings. William George Jordon.Bottled ByPARIS BOTTLING COHot and ColdATMS'Hot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits.. You are next.M.. A. KAHAL.It is now well known that not morethan one case of rheumatism requiresany internal treatment whatever. Allthati s needed is a free application ofChamberlain's Liniment and massageing the parts at each apnlication. Tryit and see how quickly it will relievethe nain and soreness. Sold by alldealers.Old Man Had Been Thinking."What did her father say vhen youasked for her hand?" "Said he'd beenwondering what. I had been passinghim two-for-a-'quarter cigars for soregularly of late." Detroit Free Press.SPECIAL EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURNJune 30SPECIAL TRAIN .Lvs. GEORGETOWN 7:45 a.m. iASK TICKET AGENTS FOR PARTICULARS.jstftt savsa gm ss&as&m2mmmm,TWIN BROS.Department Store Cor. 7th and MainSpecial PricesOn Extra Wide Swiss Flouncing at 25c and50c per yard.Children's Wash Dresses, 50c, 75c, $1 .Ladies' one-piece Serge Dresses, $4.98.(All Colors)Ladies' and Misses' Fine Tailored Suits, $9.95.White Nuback Shoes, $3.Special Values on Millinery, Skirts and Waists.TWIN BEOS.Paris, KentuckyasUSmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmWhen a New PerfectionComes in at the DoorHeat and Dirt Fly Outat the Window.What would it mean to you to haveheat and dirt banished from your kitchenthis summer to be free from the blazing(vr la! onrl cnnfIciligC, lite xi uiii asiio umOil Cook-stoveJhis Stove ,saves Time 'It saves LaborII saves FuelIt saves YOUMade with 1 , 2 and 3 burners, with lonz, enameled, turquoise-bluechimneys. Handtomely finished throughout.The 2- and 3-burner stoves'can be had with or without acabinet top, which is fitted withdrop shelves, towel racks, etc.All dealers carry the NewPerfection Stove. Free CookBook with every stove. CookBook also given to anyonetending 5 cents to cover mailing cost.With the New Perfection Oven, the New PerfectionStove is the roost complete cooking device on the market.t :. :.,. ntnrlr and" hanrJv. too. for washine and ironing.STANDARD OIL COMPANY(Incorporated in Kentucky)CmgtoH, KfA LmAmOm; Ky Atluta, Ga.; Birmingham. Ala.; Bd Jadaoavffle. FU.DECIDE YOURSELFThe Opportunity Is Here, Backed By Paris Testimony.Don't take our word for it.Don't depend on a stranger's statement. Read Paris endorsement.Read the statements of Paris citizens. And decide for yourself.Here is one case of it :Mrs. A. G. Crawford, E. Tenthstreet, Paris, Ky., says: "AlthoughI never had occasionxto take akidneymedicine myself I know what Doan'sKidney Pills will do, for the havebeen used in our family. One of uswas suffering from back ache andpains through the kidneys and theacation of the kidneysw as irregular.Doan's Kidney Pills gave splendid results."-Mr. Crawfora is only one of manyParis people who have greatfully endorsed Doan's Kidney Pills. If yourback aches-if your kidneys bother you,don't simply ask for a kidney remedyask distinctly for Doan's KidneyPills, the same that Mrs. Crawford hadthe remedy backed by home testimony. 50c all stores. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, N. Y. "Whenyour back is lame Remember thename."Ban on Certain Trees.Prof. Arthur M. Miller, dean of theCollege ofAArts andSciences, and proessor of geology" at the KentuckyState University, has written an interesting paper on the proposed arboretum for the Capitol grounds at -Prank-fortin which he points out the difficulties in the way of having each countyin the State represented by a separatespecies of tree.and mentions the objecxion which any county would have tobeing typified by the sassafras or persimmon, everywhere standing for poorland, and the unpoetic association ofthe pignut. Prof. Miller suggests thatbefore it is too late a section of amamoth Kentucky oak should beflsecured, on which, when polished as a'sciollthe principal events of Kenutcky'shistory should be recorded, makingit similar to the famous tablet in theKensington Museum in England. Prof.Miller's riaper contains a striking andinstructive history of the native treesof Kentucky.There is no real need of anyone being troubled with constipation. Chamberlain's Tablets will cause an agreeable movement of the bowels withoutany unDleasant effect. Give them atrial. For sale by all dealers.Slightly Selfish.Howell Is he a public-spirited man?Powell You can judge for yourself;he says that he cares not who curesthe ills of the country if he can getthe doctors fees.Could Shout For Joy."1 want to thank you from the bottom of my heart." wrote C. B. Rader,of Lewisburg, W. Va., " for the wonderful double benefit I got from Electric Bitters, in curing me of both ' asevere case of stomach trouble and ofrheumatism, from which I had beenan almost helpless sufferer for tenyears. It suited my case as thoughjust made for me." For dyspepsia, indigestion, jaundice, and to rid the system ot kidney poisons that causerheumatismJSlectric Bittera have noequal. Try" them. Every bottle isguaranteed to satisfy. Only SO centsat Oberdorfer's.A Plato! By His Logic."What will the woman of tomorrowbe?" sighed the pensive person. "Oh,a year or two younger than she is today," replied the one who had reasoned such things out.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES.a -Two loads of choics cornfed steers,one load of twenty steers which averaged 1,327 Dounds, shinned by McCampbell & Wakefield, of Shelbycounty, Kentucky.and one lot of seventeen head, averaging 1.380 pounds,shipned by Col. Wm. T. Lee. of4Bullittcounty, Kentucky, were sold on theLouisville- market at 8 1-2 cents perpound, which is the highest price perpound at which cattle have beensold on that market in carload lotssince the close of the Civil War.The Paynes Depot seciion of Fayette county was visited by a heavy hailstorm at a late hour Monday night,which did considerable damage to thegrowing croDs. The storm lasted abouttwenty minutes and the tobacco wasriddeled and early crops, which hadgrown to considerable size, were 'destroyed. Corn suffered greatly.Tobacco growers of Nicholascounty report that the tobacco crop,the transplantingjuf which was completed about a week ago, is doing fineand an excellent stand has been cured. It is renorted that the nroscectsior a large crop are me nest in years.The prospects for corn, which havebeen very gloomy, are reported greatly improved.Danville Messenger : Col. C. R,Anderson was exhibiting some samplesof wheat grown on his farm this year.Some heads of late sown wheat containsix or seven grains to the mesh whilesome early wheat, which is muchthicker on the round contains, almostas many.FLEMINGSBURG COURT. TheGazette says: Small crowd in townyesterday, but a big run of cattle. R.S. Hudson reports 1,100 here and allsold but 150 at 25 less than last court.Few choice steers sold at $5.60, butthebulk went at $5.25; few best heifers at $5.35, with the bulk selling at4 3-4 to 5c. Two hundred sheen heraend 80 sold at $4.00 per head Mr.Hudson sold 20 short yearlings at133.00; 11 common steers $21.35; 92-year-old at $25 . 5 heifers at 2'IEONothing-much doing in horses.Your Bellar ouys mere .When you buy a Studebaker-E-M-F "30" or CtudebakerFlanders "20" you get more for your money, dollar fordollar, than in any other car built.There may be other good cars but what is thzir price?That's the rub. If they really are good cars, they necessarily cost more because comparatively few are built. Somepoor cars, you know, are high priced too, so that the dealercan fool you by cutting the price. What a car is reallyworth, not what it costs, should be your standard.The. Studebaker Corporation has the largest and bestautomobile factories in the world. We could build and sellany competing car today for less money than its presentprice. In your tudebaker-E-M-F "30" or Flanders "20,Jyou get full value, because the biggest factories and the .best brains in the industry baild these "cars.BRfc fix97Shidebaker-E-M-F "30" Touring Car, standard equipped,f.o.b. Detroit $1100. Equipped as above with Top,Windshield, Prest-O-Lite Tank and Speedometer, f. o. b.Detroit $1190.Our New Art Catalogue Vill Interest You Send for itThe Studebaker CorporaDetroit, MichiganBourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor, 4th and High Sreets,Paris, KentuckyKENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."Hourly High Speed ThroughService.Paris Lexington FrankfortDivision.Lexingtonafter theCar3 leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort e"ery hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m..and at 10 p. m.. the last car going onlyas far as VersaillesCars leave Lexington for Versailles.Frankfort and Paris, every hour from6 a. m. until 7 p. m, and at 9 andll d.rn., the last car going only as far asVersailles.Cars leave Versailles ;forand Paris every 15 minuteshour from 6:15 a. m. until 8:15 p. m.and at 11 :15 p. m.. last car going onlyas far as Lexngton.Cars leave Versailles for Frankfortevery 45 minutes after the hour from6 :45 a. rn. until 7 :45 p. rn., and at 9 :45p. m.Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington and Paris every thirty minutes after the hour from 6:30 a. m.until 7:30 p. m., and 10:30 p . in., thelast car going only as far as Lexington.GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTONNICHOLASVILLE .Division.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexington and Nicholasville Jevery forty-fiveminutes after the honr from 5:45 a. m.until 6:45 p. m., and at 8:05 and 10:05n. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville every, thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7 :30 p. m.,and at 9 and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville tor Lexington every fifteen minutes after the hourfrom 6:15 a. m. until 8:15 p.m. and at10:15 p.fm.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetown every hour on the hour from. 6a. m. until 7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p.m.No 6 a. m. cars on Sunday .17-tfBourbon LaundryD.WIS & FUNK, Props. fTelephone No. 4.Twf'(itsIm(its?Office Opp. Postoffice..W?A P rticalar Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial or usi You'll notregret it.Bourbon Laundry,Paras, Kentucky,BBVKflHHnBHHnnmHnBnBBHHRBBIIHBHHlHIIHftDeafness Cannot be Curedby local applications, as they cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one way to cure deafness,and that is by constitutional remedies.Deafness is caused by an inflamedcondition of the mucous lining of "theEustachian Tube. When this tube isinflamed you have a rumbling sound orimperfectlhearing, and when it is entirely closed, Deafness is the result,and unless the inflammation can betaken out and thistube restored to itsnormal condition, hearing will be destroyed forever ; nine cases out of tenare caused by Catarrh, which is nothing but an inflamed condition of themucous surfaces.We will give One' Hundred Dollarsfor any case, of deafness (caused bycatarrh) that cannot be cured.by Hall'sCatarrh Cure. Send for circulars free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.; Toledo, O. 'Sold byJDruggists, 75c.Take Hall?'"Family Pills;or constipation. " . ;MICHELINiff Easiest to teKS1 fit on any m1q. d. Cl!ncherfQuickDetachableClincherJust as superior to other tiresas Michelin Red Inner Tubes are toother tubesIN STOCK BYYerkes & PrichardCor, Pleasant and High14THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 28, 1912.rm.' -.9 , .Notice to the Public.4 It is well to anticipate the possibil, ity of typhoid fever. Then, boil alltwter used for domestic purposes,and put yourself on the safe side., Announce of prevention, etc. Presumejyour water supply to be bad untilyou know it to . be good. This can"bnly be brought out by analysis.A: H. KELLER,rjl tf City Health Officer..Father of Etherington Suicides.Hartwell Etherington. killed himselfat Williamsbure Tuesday morning byshooting himself in the head. He wasthe father of -Carl Etherington, "dry"detective who was lynched by-a mobat Newark, Ohio.Etherington lost 'interest in lifeafter the death of his only son at thehands of the mob.The Ohio county in which the boywas lynched 'paid the father $4,000.r"Zf)e Borne of Comet Toot wear'BAR6AINI DAY IIextraordinahyIEvery Day This Week andThe volume of business this Springhas broken all previous records.The phenomenal sales the pastweeks have left us an accumulation of a great many short!! andbroken lines and this week Twill beClean-ni)WeekJLSThere will be plenty of real bargains thrown on bargain table thatwill delight the most economicalshoppers.aWhite Shoes end SlippersThe Ideal SummerFootwearWe have the largest assortment in Ladies', Misses'and Children's White Shoes in Pumps in Canvas andWhite Nu-BL'ck. All the newest styles.h We Save' You Money on Your Shoe Purchases.F A IVIm I 33GCMaiji St., Paris, Ky. ICOHEN,Main St., Paris, Ky.Council Exempts Company FromTaxation.The Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCo , at the meeting of the city council last night-was granted a permit toerect upon the tract recently purchased in Barnes Addition a twostory brick building to be used as atobacco sale warehouse and thecouncil by a unanimous vote exempted tha company from taxation uponthe property held by it for a period offive years. The petition to the council was signed by Mr. Kenney Nicholas and presented by Attorney Beuben Hutchcraft. The building" whichthe company contemplates erectingwill cost approximately 20,00nfThe Council meeting was presidedover by Mavor-pro tern, P. P. Walker,who was selected by the board to fillthe chair of Mayor Hinton, whose absence was occasioned by his being adelegate to the National DemocraticConvention at Baltimore.A petition presented to the Boardand signed by many prominent citizensof Paris, asked that the body reconsider its action in refusing to grant a permit to Rachel Jefferson, colored, toconduct a restaurant on Eighth street.The petitionattested to the good nameof the applicant and the Council granted the license by a unanimous vote.Upon the advice of the City Attorney he matter brought before thecouncil asking that the license requiredof liverymen be revoked, the committee to which had been .assigned.reported that the councii had no legal rightto revoke the section of the ordinanceproviding for a tax on this line of business. The Improvement Committeereported that it had made an investigation and roughly estimated that thecost of constructing a sewer on Mt.Airy would lie about S800, but askedfor more time to consider the matter.The Light Committee also failed tomake a report and was granted furthertime.Mrs. Willie E. Parrish was granteda nermit to ouiia a irame residence onBoone and Sixteenth streets and R. S.Savage a permit to erect an additionto a cottage in Thornton Addition.Considerable discussion resulted upon the presentation of the bill of Dr.A. H. Keller for 'services as HealthOfficer, Councilman Parrish taking exceptions. The bill was allowed afterDr. Keller presented .his claims in abrief talk to the board, CouncilmanParrisii opposing the motion.MILLERSBURG ITEMS.Mr. O. W. Ingles was in Lexingtonon business Monday.Mrs. W. G. Judy isvthe guest of herneice, Miss Mary Ravage.Misses Lillie Dell and MirandaLynch were in Paris Monday.Miss Irene Tackett will leave todayfor a visit to relatives at Owingsville.I am prepared to do all kinds ofpressing and cleaning. Prompt servce and low prices.25-4't RETI-IA GREEN.Mrs. C. W. Corrington returned Monday after a two weeks visit at thebedside of her sister, Mrs. Conway, atAtlanta Ga,. who recently underwentan operation and is recovering rapidly.Mr. R. C. Chanslor, who underwentan operation Sunday at Good SamaritanHospital, Cincinnati, by Dr. Bondfield, is improving nicely notwithstanding tnat tne operation was a seriousone.Col. and Mrs. C. M. Best, accompanied, by Misses Margaret B. Clark andVirginia Hutchcraft left Tuesday intheir7automobile for the EducationalAssociation which is in session at Louisville. Mrs. Chas Asbury, and children, nfLexington, were guests of Mrs. C. T.Darnell and daughter. Mrs. F. M. Vimont, Tuesday and Wednesday. Theywere en route from a visit to relativesin Mason county.Misses Elizabeth Ingles, Mattie andLucia Butler left Monday for Georgetown to attend a house party given byMr. W. E. Blackburn, at his home inthat city. Mr. Blackburn is a graduate of the c!ass uf 1912 at M. M. I.Mr. T. D. Judy and family who. havebeen the guests of Mr. and Mrs. JK.gR.Vaught at Parker, Ind., for the pasttwo weeks returned home yesterdayaccompanied by Mr. and Mrs. Vaught,the party making the trip in Mr.Vaught's automobile.Miss Mary Newell has returned toher home at Maysville after a weeksvisit to her uncle and aunt Mr, andMrs. P. L. Dimmitt. Mr. and Mrs.P. L. Dimmitt took the following automobile party to High Bridge last Sunday, Misses Mi.ry Newell, Sophia Broadhag, Messrs W. E. Powell and J. Allen Ingles.Mr. and Mrs. N. B. Dicken.-' whohave been the guests of Mrs. ElizabethStirman and family for the pasf, twoweeks, left Monday in their auto fortheir home, at Nasiiville, lenn. Theywere accompanied as far as Paris byMis5 Kuth Stirman, who was returningto the East ern Kentucky State Normal Institute at Richmond.Queen City Boosters Visit Paris.Paris was captured Tuesday aftern u ne hundrd a d sixty membersof the Cincinnati Commercial Association and for almost an hour they remained the guests of the city. Theheralded coining of the Queen Citvbusiness men had the effect of bringing out a. number of the business menor ims city to meet them at the train.j-ne special carrying the boostersarrived here a few minutes beforefour o clock. Accompanying themwas Weber's Band of eighteen pieces.The High School Baud was at the depot entertained the crowd which hadu&semoiea thtre with several selections during the wait before the arrival of the boosters, the train beingseveral minutes latg, owing to delaysalong the road.When the special arrived here 'aheavy shower was falling, and it wasseveral minutes before, the party couldleave the depot. Headed bv the twonanus and a number of business menof this city, the boosters marcheddown Main street to the court housewhere a ; beautiful musical urogramwas rendered bv Weber's bandTThe meeting held at the courthouse was presided over by Mr. W. 0.Hinton, representing Mavor J. T.Hinton, who was absent in Baltimore.Mr. Hinton made a short sneech inwhich he welcomed the visitors andintroduced Hon. E. M. Dickson andJudge Denis Dundon who. in eloquentterms emphasized the welcome of theboosters to the Bourbon capital.B.Mr- William T. Johnson introducedMr. George F. Deitrle. president ofthe - Commercial Association who responded to the addresses expressing ahearty appreciation of the : Cincinnatibusiness men for the hcsnitality andcordiality accorded them cn the occasion of their first visit here. Mr. Deitrlein his address told of the advantageoffered by the Queen City as a commercial center and expressed himselfas being confident of closer relationsbetween Cincinnati and Central Kentucky. Prof. William H. Parker, of the Cincinnati University made the closingtalk which was folluwed by a musicalselection which brought to a close theprogram. Each of the visitors worea badge upon which was nrinted ingold "This is Our Day." CincinnatiCommercial Association. June 25.1912." and carried a white umbrella.Among the distinguished visitors wereMr. George Puchta, Assistant National Treasurer of Cincinnati, Mr. Ed.Nippert a prominent business mans ofthat city, and a son of Mr. P. Nippert,of Paris, also Mr. Samuel Richardson.Cashier of the Citizen's NationalBank, who was a resident of Parisabout twenty-five years aco.The victors left at 5:30 o'clock ontheir special over the L. & In. for Cincinnati,, alter SDreading the gosnel ofthe Queen City in four towns includedin tneir ltintiary and, atter a mostprofitable triu.A. W. Cot&injghamThe Up-town Grocer, Who ReachesAH Parts of Town.FOR TO-DAY AND SATURDAY JWc Will Have Some Special Bargainsand a Large Variety of Everything in theGrocery and Meat Line to Select Prom.Home-Grown Potatoes,, per bushel $2.0016-lbs. Granulated Sugar 1 .OOSmoked Bacon, per lb 1 6CFresh Vegetables of All KindsAll Grades of Paris FlourThe Lexington Maid PlourOur Fresh Meats Always the BestCall and See Us Your Credit for 30 DaysConsidered Cash.Highest Market Price Paid For Country Produce.Prompt Delivery Both 'Phones 7 '-L. "XTT. CottingliamThe Up-Town Grocer$10ooWill start a Bank Account herestart you on the road to Success.Immense Line New Wall Paper.Lall at my store and pick from thelarge new sprint; stock of wall paperjust wnat you want and need and havelfput on now and avoid the springrush. Expart decorators ready to doyour biddinpe.J. T. HINTON.Savage and daughter, wereiti.d Mrs. W. E Savage,Ivlr T. E.guests of Drtr Lir.cint.au. from Saturday untilIVjonaiAv t bev were accompaniedho.-na by Ir:t. hiid Mrs. A. (J. ClockKeirE. ur ami AtLur, Mich. It .will berememberd thac Mrs. Clockseim hasrecently undergone two operations fromwhich she is recovering nicely.Dr. and Mrs. W. M. Miller, Col.- VV.M. Layscn and Mrs. Mattie Hawes,Mr. and Mrs. P. L. Dimmitt, Mr. J.Hoad Barnes and Miss Ethel Eisner.,G. P. Fisher and Miss Sonhia liroad'hag, R. S. Letton and Miss Alma DukeJones attended the concert at Carlisle,Wednesday night, given by Miss MaryDan Harbeson at.d brother, of Flemingsburg. Millersburg 'was visited Tuesdaymorning by a band of gypsies . of avery low order. Their object-seemedto be to seize every thing m sight andtell fortunes. Mr. J. B. Cray was somuch impressed with one of the womenwhile holding his. hand that she camejiear buncoing him out of J $10; Shesucceeded in getting 'the money but before making her e'scapeTie got" it back.He has since been ehristended as "'Gyptie Jim."Better Pay for County Teachers.Teachers of the public rural schoolswiu ue better paid during the nextscholastic year than ever before inKentucky. The salaries are scheduledunder the new school law. The teachers are to be paid according to thscertificate tney hold, and the percentage of attendance. Teachers holdingthird-class certificates will teach thirdclass schools and receive 35 a month ;teachers holding second-class certificates will teach second-class schoolsand receive 545 a month ; and teacherswith first-clsss certificates, normal orState University certificates, willteach first-clss schools and receive $55a month ;and teachers holding highergrade certifictes, such as State certificate. State diploma, or is a principal ofa school, will receive $6b a month.The Real Thing.Old timejhome-made Martha Washington candy, as good as pure butterand sugar, rich cream can make themonly 50 cents per pound absolutelyfresh none as good We are "soleagents for Paris.18-4t CHAS. E. BUTLER & CO.Opp. Court House, Paris, K.v.H torictilfurmm of PSeek to Control Market.Developments indicate that theLouisville Tobacco Warehouse Association is planning to secure entirecontrol of the Lexington loose leafmarket. The association had madeovertures to the Fayette TobaccoWarehouse Company, of that city theonly one of the warehouses lefc out6f the combine, with the view to acquiring that plant also.None of the ofiieers jr stockholdersare discussing the matter, but froman absolutely trustworthy source itwas learned that a proposition to buywas made. With the acquisition ofthis house the Louisville associationwill have entire control of the Lexington market. It is said to be thepurpose of the Louisville associationwhen the deal is fuliy consummatedto organize a big holding company tofinance and control the merger, issuing preferred and common stock tocover its holdings.Just what the capitalization of theholding company will t.e has not yetbeen determined, but it will be notless than $1,000,000.Capita!$100,00.00Surplus$67,500.00Protection$267,500.00SC9CSE3ESi2UMarshal, visited Millersburg Wednesday. Miss Mayme D.'Long returned Tuesday after a two weeks sojourn at Chicago, 111.Kev. R. S. Sanders and Rev. Ver?hultz. of .Carilsle, will exchange pulpits Sunday.The two Missionary Societies uf thePresbyterian church held an all daymeeting Wednesday.Dr. Dean and family were in Lexington Saturday and Sunday, making thetrip in their automobile.Miss Sallie Mclntyre. accompanied"by Dr. Daily, visited Lexington Tues! llirOII FACE1 130 WHATI XV)wYEARSof burd-i t iis snouiaH live, we crrov old. and frne I AQTshould be free from CARE, instead- , 'eneo: with weight oi havmg to provide. Thhave been done in youth by the practice of frugalitvand a live BANK ACCOUNJ.United States Depository for Postal Savings.We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accountsII BANK OF PAR1& iI Capital $1 00,000Xandft1irSurplus $30,000V ' K. Huk 1 . Ttenutv Rfof. Fireday, relativejd -her health.