" -''" ' ' " ' ,. . - . ;? C ,JBOURBON'eO. -.. jit, - ;V-,y-'-.T.JXPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR-VOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1912THENEWS.Ir$ifc4ftfthiji1w.srTuimm wmmmm wm I warn mmmmm mm-I IUUUVIIOn AllLOW SHOESBeginning This Week We Will Reduce all HANNAN and NETTLETON OXFORDS, and also Ladies'i Pumps and oxfords.We have a great many WHITE SHOES and PUMPSin Nubuck and Canvas that will be greatly reduced.These will be for CASH ONLY.IGEO. McWILLIAMS,L.Phones 301The Shoe MianIIMOT WEATHERSPECIALSVBoiled HamMinced HamDriedBeefBolognar'ImportedSwiss CheeseBrick CheesePimento CheeseNew York CheeseWater Melons andCantaloupes on Ice,BLUE RIBBON FLOUR25-lb Sack SOcSO-Sb Sack $ 1 .601 OO-lb Sack $3.20T. C. LEINIHAN,Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234Horse Killed by Automobile.A horse belonging to Mrs. R. A.Flanders and driven by her nephew,Chas. Johnson, was so badly injuredthat it had to be killed when Sundavnight about 8:30 o'clock it was struckby an antomobile "driven by HarryKing, of Carlisie.fat the intersectionof the North Middletown and Maysvillepikes at the city limits. Thatthe occupants ot the Ibuggy were notinjured is regarded as miraculous, asKing was said to have been drivingthe machine at an excessive rate ofspeed.Johnson in company with TurnerReid, of North Middletown, was leturning from Little Rock where theyhad spent the day and were turningfrom the North Middletown pike toward Paris when the car driven byKing struck the horse, breaking theleft foreleg. The occupants of tnebuggyjmade-several attempts to havethe driver stop the car but without result and he continued in the dircetionof Millersburg.Both Johnson and Reid were badlyfrightened and it was several minutesbefore they realized the extent of thedamage from the cullisiun. Residentsof the neighborhood heard the distressing sounds made by the injured horseand went to their assistance. Dr.Frank Campbell was called and afterexamining the animal found thiat itwas impossible to save it after whichit was humanely destroyed.According to the statement of Johnson, King only had one light on niscar burning and that he was drivingthe machine at a rate of speed in excess of twenty-five miles, an hour whenthe horse was struck. The horse,which was the property of Mrs. Flanders, who resides on Walker avenue,was a very valuable animal.The huggy in which the young menwere riding was uninjured.Af warrant was issued yesterday forthe arrest of King and was sent toCarrilse last night. The warrantcharged him with reckless driving.rt"Alma Where Do You Live" atLexington.Grace Drew as "Aima" and an excepitonally strong supporting companywill present that avalanche of musicand fun, "Alma Where Do You Live,"at the Lexington Opera House tomorrow night. The leading critics of thecountry have decared that Alma marksa new era in the annals of musicalcomedy. Some of the big song hitsare "Alma," "Girlies." "Boo-hoo,""Sailing Home." "Childhood Days,""Boogie Boo," etc. Several theatreparties from Paris have arranged towitness this excellent production.Mifi, u .-.fi--,."WE KNOW HOW"-- jt? r ' vThe "Who-Made-Them-ForYou",Kind of Clothes " ;1 . ' ..'. .ITS'"P'f.:xThey excite the flatteringcomment of your friendsthe homage men pay to style! . and fit.piit.'31?' ilook the expensive tailorlook and they cost no morethan ordinary clothes boughtelsewhere.v Particularly seasonablestyles for fall wear. Try'.' -0 one to-day..3m&$S5?!SVSPECIALFor One Week !Boy's Blouse Waists, Choicew&w.JSJt',misTraffic Ordinance Being Cotfsidered.That there is a loophole rin the Kentucky laws to permit the escane fromheavy fines of the speeders of motorcars and motor cycles, was brought outclearly in the cjty court at Louisvillelast week when a dozen automobilistswere arraigned onjthe chagre of running motor cars at excessive speed, inviolation of the law.The State law provides motoristsmust not exceed the legal limit of 15miles per hour, for more than oneeighth of. a mile, and the inability toprove that t'he culprits were cuilty ofthe charge'resulted in the dismissal ofthe one, and they were hned on amodified charge.At present there is in force in thecity of Paris an ordinance regulatingthe speed of automobiles in the citylimits whichprovides that motor carscannot be run at a speed in excess ofeight miles an hour, and five miles perhpur in turning street corners. Thepolice are making an effort to enforcethe law and a close watch is being keptfor all speeders within the city limits.The accident of .Sunday night inwhich a very valuable-horse was killedand in which human lives were endangered, was the result of fast drivingand an example made of a few whoinsist upon the violation of the lawwould perhaps be a warning to others.Another matter which is likely to betakenup by the city council is thepassage of an ordinance regulatingtraffic. A fair sample of the nesd ofsuch an ordinance was given Saturdayafternoon when Main street, after theclose of the fair, was in such a congested condition as to render the passage of a vehicle impossible. It isprobable the council will pass an ordinance similar to that now in effect inLexington. Such an ordinance wouldno doubt lessen the chances for accidents and relieve conditions that existalmost daily on our narrow streets.:iMitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to Men Paris, Kentucky&-mr if mig iiiinijiiiiimjiiiiimae u n i iiliiii iiiriiiiiiiiiiiiiin mi 1 1 liii u i iirim iiuuii iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiJMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiMrHicI -' E .FRANK & COSj& The Store Where Reliability Reigns.':Jtmm&25CENTSAll SizesMmmBoys' School Suits, Caps andOdd Pants.VMH'zzmrJSiSm$gmi2KZlsV&fiFifj,Our Fall Hats for Men on Display$ 1 .50 to $5.00MATRIMONIAL.mmlliiiPRi6E&60.6iotHiersWimmm and rurnisncrs $mFRANK-BROWNING.Mias Carolyn Louise Frank announces the engagement of her sister,Miss Helen Frank to Mr. Milton GulpBrowning. The wedding will be solemnized early in November and owingto the recent death in the family $villbe a quiet home affair.ANNOUNCEMENT.Mrs. Margaret H. Cook, of Cynthiana, announces the engagement of herdaughter, Elda Mae, to Mr. NewtonIs&ac Bishop of Bourbon county. Thewedding will take place in October.ENGAGEMENT ANNOUBNCED.Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Booth, of Millersburg, announced the engagementof their daughter. Myra. to Mr. Mackey Cole Grimes, of that place. Thebride-to-be is the only daughter and isan attractive and accomplished youngwoman. Mr. Grimes is one of the proDrietors of the Millersburg MillingCo., and both are popular socially.The wedding will take place early inOctober .V-s4srAny Linen Dress,Now $1,98Lingerie DressesNow $1.98 to $5.98 eachValues up to $20-y100 Pairs ofV"' ''"..-..i"'!-aPLadies' Pumps and SlippersNow 50c a PairWe Are Showing New Fall Goods .In Every Department.IINSPECTIONIINVITED ,:FRANK ocIC9Paris,KentuckyaiiiiiiHiiHiiiiinii'iiMiiiiHina AmmmmftmnnmMMMMmmmwmmm!i. . . . - r -. i ' " K ':r? -k-'s"THE BOURBON NEAVS, PARK, KENTUCKY,1 SEPTEMBER 10 1912."OMMfI5 ?h1i't :lM:U.Ji"tvit;)ifJ!:iI.,LO0.'WmMAKINGFARMooTO grasp the idea of money makingthrough selecting the better typesof live stock farmers need ,to3earn the story of Banostine Belle deSol, queen of the dairy world. Thi33Iolstein cow, now five years old andowned by Dimmick & Bro., Ohio breeders, produced last year 27,404.4 pounds-of milk testing 3.S6per cent fat Thiscneans over nine gallons of milk pervday, or enough to supply thirty-six families each with a quart of milk daily.If made Into butter her fat production-vould equal 1,322 pounds of butter, orover three and one-half pounds perday for 3G5 days.This is all the more remarkable beLcause it was made without her beingdry at all before freshening. No other-cow has ever produced such an enortmous amount of butter fat in a yearlyTlest, and only one has exceeded Banosistine's milk record.Banostine Belle De Kol is a strong,vigorous cow of wonderful capacityand weighs in the neighborhood of1,000 pounds. She is the daughter of3anostine Belle, who was a grand--Laughterof Euphrasia A., one of the-qgreatest foundation cows the breedhas ever produced. The sire of Banostine Belle De Kol is Friend Hengerveld3De Kol Butter Boy.During the time that Banostine Belle'SDe Kol was in the test she receivednnearly if not all the time more or lessensilage and alfalfa. When availabletshe received roots and mixed grain raion, the foundation of which was branoats. She was also fed some dried.DESTRUCTIVE APPLE PEST."VLesser Worm Continues Its Evil WorkEven on Fruit In Barrels.In a bulletin on insects which do serious damage to the apple the UnitedStates department of agriculture treats-of the lesser apple worm. The larvae,It says, do not reach full developmentas early in the fall as those of the codIing moth and may find their way tobarrels with the fruit, where they con"iiaue to feed, often doing considerable&SLmage. The picture illustrates ap53t8 thus injured as found in barrelsn the "Washington market, in New"Sbrk city.iThe lesser apple worm is probably anative insect, and it infests other.fruits, wild and cultivated, including2?hotosrapli by United States departmentof agriculture.SS?OTBY BY IiESSER APPLE WORMS TO AP-JPXiES AFTKU UAUBELDtG.' rapples, "haws, plums, prunes, cherries,jpeaches and species of Crataegus. ItiSias also been reared from the blackSknot of plum and from galls on oak-and elm.Its life history and habits probablyf .parallel those of the codling moth. Itf-LJs known to be present quite generallyf 3n orchards from Canada south to" Georgia and west to the Rocky mountains. It has been found abundantly inapples in the Puget sound district inWashington and is known also from- ..British Columbia.The schedule of treatments recomv .mended for the codling moth will beureffective in the control of this species." The treatment for the codling moth""its limited almost entirely to sprayinghe trees with arsenicals, such as parisBgreen or arsenate of lead. The latter isnow principally used. In the east thepoison is usually combined with afungicide. In some sections banding of,-trees is also employed and under spewdsl conditions is a valuable adjunct to-spraying. From two to five spray applications are given, according to the-section of the country and the season.Of all treatments the first is much- the most important This is given assoon as the blossoms have fallen andr has for its object the placing of poisonr In the calyx cup of each little apple.This treatment may be successfullyviven during the eight or ten days between the dropping of the petals andvthe closing of the calyx lobes.j- Storing Onions.v "Onions to keep well must be stored ina. cool and dry place. A little freezingioes not necessarily hurt them if theyaarenot exposed to frequent freezingjand thawing.-livery larmer snouia get enougnpigs to make his own meat nextwinter. Bacon is apt to behigh, and those who are raisingcrops to buy their supply arelikely to regret it The best plante to raise your own meat andfcave plenty of feed to finish theporkers. Farm and Ranch...,...Sm .....4UA;UAAAAAAAOOO-THE LITTLEPAYBy C. C. BOWSFIELD000-1beet pulp, especially when fresh rootswere not available. Her grain rationfrom the first was gradually increasedto twenty-five pounds or a little more,but later reduced to as low as ninepounds per day.As near as can be estimated, the average amount of grain fed was twelveor fourteen pounds daily. She also received, when it was available, greencorn with the stalks and also greenclover and any other green feed thatmight be available, including feedfrom the pasture.A cow of fair qualities produces fourgallons of milk daily. She is not worthkeeping for a dairy unless she will dothis, and remember it takes no morefeed, room or labor for one giving fivegallons than for one giving three orfour.This reasoning applies with equalforce to other kinds of stock, but moreparticularly horses and swine. It requires only a little intelligent care inselection to raise a horse that will bring$230 to $500. whereas $150 to $200 isthe price of an ordinary animal. Thefeed bill is not a dollar more.In raising cows breeding and selection will produce animals that willearn $100 to $150 a year or that willsell for $100 to $500, while the indifferent kind are worth next to nothing.There is the same difference in breeding hogs. The gain comes chiefly afterthe owner has produced something alittle better than ordinary. This truismapplies to poultry, fruit and farminggenerally.(---"-"--'-"--"------t-oTWO WAYS WITH HOGS.Care Taken With Animals RepaidOwner In Amount of Pork Yielded.The results of different treatmentsof hogs came to my notice last spring,when a neighbor sold two average pigseight weeks old to a man who did nothave any other hogs, says a West Virginia correspondent of the AmericanAgriculturist He bought the two hogsto make pork the next fall and, ofcourse, wanted to give them a goodchance to do their best They were fedwheat middlings, milk and scraps fromthe table, in addition to the pasturethey gathered. They were gradeChester Whites, farrowed in April.These two pigs dressed between 150and 175 pounds each when about sevenmonths old.The pigs that had not been sold andout of the same litter were allowed torun on pasture, and when corn wasready to feed they were fed enoughcorn to put them In pork condition,but when slaughtered at about thesame time as the other two they onlyweighed sixty-five to seventy poundseach. There was a difference of nearly100 pounds between these well fedhogs and their mates not so fed, andit was wholly due to different treatments. It is easy to see which was themore economical pork producer the,well cared for hog or the one whichgot enough feed to barely live untilfattening time. The difference in valuewas almost $10, as pork sold at 10cents a pound here last fall. The twowell cared for hogs did not eat near$10 worth of feed from the time theywere separated from their mates untilthey were slaughtered.jjsf Toss those aggravating rocks ?J from the wagon track before the$freeze-up or you may just countJ on jolting over them all winter-KJ IonsYYY-It Frightens Them.Do your chickens or your neighbor'sfly over your picket fence into yourgarden? If so nail a little strip toeach post andsnstretch a whitetwine stringabout six oreight Inchesabove the top ofthe pickets. ThemmiFENCE.same plan willapply to woven wire fencing. A whitetwine string stretched along each panel of fence has all the horrors of theinquisition for a hen, and she will positively avoid it The sketch will giveyou the idea (AA strips, B string). A.G-. Humphreys.Little Farm Hints.Never mix sun slaked lime with manure, as it will cause the escape of ammonia, one of its most aluable elements. Clean out the chaff and hayseed onthe barn floor and scatter it over bareplaces in the lots and pastures. Thisscattered seed repi events good moneyvalue, and it should be put to good purpose. If you want spinach for use in earlyBpring, at the time when dandelion,greens are ripe, sow seed in Septemberor October. Frequently it does notwinter well, especially if not protectedby covering lightly with litter.Where practicable the fruit orchardsshould be planted in autumn. Amongthe principal advantages are leisuretime, better physical condition of soiland the early establishment and consequent earlier growth of trees. Owingto its less hardy nature the peach is tobe excepted from the fall planting.rPTTT T)"TTT) DAT TVTTlTrOflinD JL)JUJLDyi 1YJCYVOPARtS, KENTUCKY ,. '7SWIFT CHAMP,EubUsherEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky ,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .2.00 Six Months. .1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, ' $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar mati er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right oi" publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.DEMOCRATIC TICKET.For President.HON, WOODROW WILSON,of New Jersey.For Vice-President,HON. THOS. R. MARSHALL,of Indiana.For Congress,HON. J. CAMPBELL CANTRILL,of Scott county.Prof. Kinney Gives FarmersAdvice. fFor many years it has been an almost universal practice amonc; thefarmers of Kentucky to sow wheatafter a corn crop, but Prof. E. J.Kinney. Assistant Agronomist at theKentucky Experiment Station, in anaddress before a farmers meeting inLexington declared it was almost impossible to raise a good crop of wheaton land that had just produced a cropot corn, and that this practice was oneof the chief causes for the decreasedproduction of wheat in Central Kentucky. In the course of his addressProf. Kinney said :"The soils of the Blue Grass regioncannot be excelled by any wheat landsin the country. They will producegood cropsnow if managed with intelligence and conditions made favorable for the crop. On the experimentstation farm the average yield" for thepast seven years has been above thirtybushels per acre. The cost of . production, including rent on the land7 isabout 15, leaving a net profit of $11per acre Not a pound of commercialfertilizer has been used on the land toproduce this wheat, and no more attention and care has been given to thecrop than the average farmer can andshould give it. The Experiment Station afrm is not above the averageof the farms in the section in naturalfertility. In fact nothing has beendone that any farmer cannot do. andtheSproduction could be equalled onanv farm. These yields are due tokeeping the land well supplied with nitrogen and organic matter, the onlythings necessary to keep Blue Grasslands productive; to having wheatfollow a crop which leaves the land ina favorable condition for fall growth ;by preparing a good seed bed, and bysowing good seed of good varieties ofwheat."We found on the station farmthat high yields were difficult to secure when wheat was seeded on cornland. The corn crop so exhausts thesoils of available ulant food and moisture that wheat does not make sufficient growth to withstand the wintersuccessfully. It is diffic lit to preparea seed bed properly on corn land. Thesnocks are in the way and take upconsderable space. Soy beans wereintroduced into the rotation to followcorn and to be followed in turn bywheat. They serve the purpose admirably aud leave he land in as -goodcondition for wheat as does tobacco.Soy beans are legumes, and have thesame property of enriching the soilwith nitrogen as have the clovers.We have found them a practical andprofitablecrop and recommend theiruse. Cow peas may be used in thesame place in the rotation as soybeans."Other rotations can be planted togive similar conditions for the wheatcrop. Corn, oats, wheat and clover isa good rotation for a stock farm wheremanure can be used to take the placeof one leguminousjcrop. Soyabeans orcow peas can be planted on one half ofthe corn land and oats on the otherhalf duiing one period of the rotation,and the next time corn occupies thefield, tne aiea planttd formerly to oatscan be planted to soy beai b and vicever-."uover, potatoes and wheat aregood inree year rotations,, but provideno place for corn. A two year rotation of wheat and clover is admirablewhere.little corn is grown. By sowingclover in the, corn in August a fouryear rotation of corn.wheatjandclovercan be practiced and jvill prove an excellent one.Ye Hobby.Have a hobby, yes, but don't" compel other people to ride it.The implicit confidence that manypeople have in Chamberlain's Colic,Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy isfounded on their experience in the useof that remedy and their knowledge ofthe manv remarkab'e cures of colic,diarrhoea and dysentery that it haseffected. For sale by all dealers..Horticultural.One may hardly call a hen onher,j nest an eggplant. ,?-STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES!, Jr-In'Franklin county .and elsewhere'there has been some djsaDpointmentoyer the distribution of the Burleypool money, and talk of another suitasking for a receiver was indulged in.Inreturn the Executive Board at Lexington issued a statement to the effectthat the business was heing expeditedas much as possible, and urging members to inspect the books of the company and .make any suggestion thatmight be an improvement over thecourse being followed bv the Board.During the past few days paymenthas been going on to the members, theaverage amounts varying according tograde from fourteen to sixteen cents.The American Breeder at KansasDity says that the famous ton muleweighing 2,010 pounds, owned by W.D. Carpenter, 'Said to be the largestmule in the world, was recently burnedin a livery ham at Trenton, Mo. Theinule was valued at $1,000 and .was used for advertising purposes." Thismule was purchased in 1908 bv S. S.Ralls, .'of Sharpsburg, Ky., from a Mr.Sharp in Illinois, Ralls selling her toE. R. Davis, of Helena, who exhibitedher at Ewmg and other points. At theDavi sale the mule was sold to Winchester parties at $300, then weighing1,600 pounds. Last spring the Winchester Darties sold her to the Missouri Auction School at $500. This mulewas bred from a draft mare to a Kentucky jack.Who Counted 'Em?A bottle containing 120,000,000disease germs,enough to infect anentire city, isawaiting a claimant atthe poilce station at Binghampton,N. Y.It was lost from a train, probablyfrom the express car. The bottle wasbeing shipped from the New Jerseystate laboratory, probably fotf experimental purposes to some other laboratory. It was found lying near the track byPatrolman John McGinnis.What would have happened had someperson found the package and openedit is a matter of pseculation.Outstrips Grim Reaper.' With the births in Kentucky outnumbering the deaths two to ' one thegrowth of the poDulation of the stateis in no danger of decreasing.Duriny the fiscal year there were12,483 deaths from preventable disease.There were 60,732 births, while totaldeaths number 30,583.The white plague proved the mostfatal disease, its victims totaling 5,131 ; typhoid fever, 1,035; cancer 909;violence, 1,526; menigitis, 630; lagrippe, 477.Children under one year who diednumbered 5,230; persons 65 or over 6,880. i The rates of death for ages between 5 and 65 is small.Progressives' State CentralCommittee.Made up of the chairmen of the various district committees throughoutthe State the Progressive State Central Committee was formally organizedMonday atternoon at a meeting at theGait House in Louisville. Willia S.Lawwill, .of Danville, was electedchairman of the .committee, and TomWalker, of the Seventh district;Hiram H. Owens, ot the Eleventh ; M.J. Holt, of the Fifth, and C. M. Burnett, of the Fourth, were namedjaerabers from the State:at-large.The committee decided to establishcampaign headquarters in Louisville,the matter of a hotel being left in thehands of a sub-committee. The selection of a secretary and treasurer alsowas left in the hands of a sub-committee.A resolution declaring theState Central Committee the StateCampaign Committee as well, wasadopted. JGeorge VV. Jolly, of Owensboro, andWood F. Axton, of Louisville, werenamed as electors from the State-at-large.Every district chairman except from the Sixth was present.As members of the,State .Campaignr!nmmittpa thp mpmhprs nf thp SrnroCentral Committee will meet at head-quarters once every two weeks.The sub-committee to which was referred the matter of selecting a secretary and treasurer is composed of Burton Vance, William S. Lawwill andTom Walker. That to which wasassigned the duty of selecting a hotelfor camnaign headquarters is" made upof Mr. Vance, Wood F- Axton land M?J. Holt."The Weed.""In spite of the fact that the tobacco crop of 1912 is expected to be veryirregular in yield, though generally ofexcellent quality, it is not too late forthe yearly miracle to be worked. Tobacco is currently and correctly spokenof as "the weed ;" it is in fact theweed par excellence, and like otherweeds has that amazing vitality and"come out" which, in other weeds, isthe despair of agriculturists. It maydry up and blow away and come to lifeIt may be drowned out and weanedaway and help enrich-some other fellow's farm. It has more than Irishability for comin' up smilin,' which isperhaps the reason why only in Irelandnave British attempts at tobacco culture been successful. We know of onlytwo agencies that can effectually destroy it night riders and a killingfrost and in the latter case since Germany took to serving sheepwash withcabbages, the residuum has acquired avalue."In the Purchase and particularly inthe Green Kiver section floods havedone a great deal ot damage ;ln Boyle,on the other hand, and other neighboring counties, late rains have brought,as they always do, gnew vigor? Andthus it is true of tobacco, as of othermaligned gifts, corn for example, thatis what is one man's food is anotherman's poison.But be the outcome what it willthere is rejoicing. The ExecutiveCommittee of the Burlsy Society issending out checks for the crop pooledin 1909. and from Henderson comesword of the sale of the last remnant ofOUliJU w VUktliluu UUJVtU guiblf lUlllgcomes to him who wait?. -Louitvilleimes. v 'HOW TO MtESERVE YOUTH AND BEAUTY.Oak great secret of youth and beauty for th youai woaaaa ot tke mother kthe proper understanding of her womanly systera and well-being. Every woman,young or old, should know herself and her physical make up. A good way toarrive at this knowledge is to get a good doctor book, such for instance, as "ThePeople's Common Sense Medical Adviser-," by R. V. Pierce, M. D., which caareadily be procured by sending thirty-one cents for cloth-bound copy, addressingDr. Pierce, at Buffalo, N. Y.The womanly system is a delicate machine which can only be compared to the intricate mechanism of a beautiful watch which will keep In good running order onlywith good care and the proper oiling at the right time, so that the delicate mech& SDiscovery,' and nowiourteen pour.es.Mrs. VfnxiAMS. to try yourFor Sale by Miller &r J maW ' HP'BI 1 They interlock and overlap each other in such a way that the II hardest driving rain or snow cannot sift under them. II Won't pulsate or rattle in wind-storms. TheyVe also re-proof, will II last as long as the building, and never need repairs Jgssssszsm&tiszssobThat cannot be disputed will 0 a longway to convince anybody. We don'tmake any exaggerated claims about coalbut we do say in the most emphatic manner that OUR COAL will give satisfactionat all times. It possesses superior burningqualities.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.'(SsSafeQSQggCQteSAtfts&JftimberlanCCelepboneINCORPORATEDFor reliable telephoneLONG DISTANCE, usebon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg,North Middietown, Littler Rock andRuddles Mills.5 '-When you haye Cumberland serviceJHAVE telephone service."Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated,AUTO FOR HIRESpecial attention given toparties desiring to hire automobiles. Call on us forpricesTRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.livery, Feed and Sales Stable.Eighth Street JBoth Phones.Some Good AdviceTo the People.m Don't sell your old feathers until you find out the prices, Youcan call us and we will look atyour feather, or if you live inthe counrry send us a sample. Iwill let you know what they areworth. Some old feathers if theyhave been well cared for are asgood as new. We pay marketprice for new feathers.MAX MUNICK,8th Street, - PARIS, KY.anism may not be wont out, V ery many times young womeaget old or run down before their time through ignorance andthe improper handling of this human mechanism. Mentaldepression, a confused head, backache, headache, or hotflashes and many symptoms of derangement of the womanlysystem can be avoided by a proper understanding of what todb, ra those trying times that come to all women.Mrs. G. H. "Williams, of Lynnhavcn. Va., vrrote : "It 13 six yearssince ray health gave way. I had female trouble and all the doctors( I employed three) said I would die-" I was not able to do my work,had to hire someone all the time. Finally, I read in the papers aboutDr. Pierce3 Favorite Prescription, and decided to try it. I had nottaken but one bottle until 1 found ithad done me good. I took, in all.five bottles of 'Favorite Prescription ' and two of 'finHon tuwhtuiiu uv j. am oure w uv . Mj iiuustuvurs, ana nave gained,ur.ds. I ad ise all women who suffer from female trouble1 Favorite Prescription. It's the only medicine, on earth."I am able to do all my housework, and have gainedBest, Millersburg, Ky.and telegraph Companyservice, both local andtheCumberland fBour-youIModern Equipment, v4 Barbers,Hot and Cold BathaPolite Service.1Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDProfessional CardsJ J. WILLIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones T ') HomeE. T, 136.136.ResidenceJ B. T. 334.Home 334.DR. A. Hi KELIiEK,Practicing Physiciajt.pffices, Booms4J and 5; ElkfBld'gwBARBERHOPtki-Call East Tenn, Phone 374P aria,;Kentucky'.h..?VUri7-', iu. A4SV"a.-'&!,".4&75-""'6;tfito'lA,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPtEMBER 10 1912S-mmmTo 40,000 Burley Tobacco GrowersStockholders in Strater Bros Branch FactoryHere are ten brands of tobacco. All of you know their worth,for you supply the leaf. It comes from your own tobacco farms!Host of you smoke or chew one of these brands, for they represent the cream of your crops. You know of none better, nonericher, and you know that each sale brings a profit to you. Youare partners in each of these brands. Here's a way to increaseyour profits on each.40,000 Partner-SalesmenWe want 40,000 more salesmen and you,Mr. Grower, are one that we want. Wewant you to work with us, to help selltbee brands, and thus increase your1 cvenue from them. Your cooperation,individually, can result in gigantic sales.Here's how it works out.Let Each Man TellTen FriendsLet each of you growers tell"tenfneads what you know of Strater Bros.Branch Brands, the brands for whichy ok grow the leaf. Always keep one ofthese brands in your pocket and give tothese friends to try. Explain that theleaves were the pick of your crop andthat no better crops are grown. Pointout the reasons why these brands ofTO ALL DEALERS WHO SELL TtiBACCOThese brands of tobacco are famous sellers as all who sell them know. They are madefrc l the best, from the cream of the crops, from forty thousand farms. They form thegr test repeaters known, a steady source of profit. Put them into your stock for a trial and.vhat they do. You will sell them for years if you sell.them one week."or Smokine-GOLDEN GLOW-PENNY POST-FULL PAY.rorChewine-INDEX-BY JOE TWIST-CUP DAY'S WORK-ON THE SQUARET jRCHLIGHT-STRATER'S NATURAL LEAF.STRATER BROS. TOBACCO COMPANY BRANCHBURLEY TOBACCO COMPANY,L. de N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59?P. M.TrsLins ArriveNo. FROMii Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5 21 amLexington, Ky., Daily : 4.34am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , . i 7.35 am7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 am37 Cincinnati, O., Dsily 9.50 am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 ani12 Lexington, Ky, , Daily 10.15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 am26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 am25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pm13S Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pm38 Knoxville.Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5.25 pm39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pm30 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6,03 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.03 am32 Jacksonville. Fla., Daily 6 05 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily . 10:50 pmTran.sNo.34429401013737331336262538939328303113TOCincinnati. O., DailyMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47Cincinnati, O. , Daily Except Sunday 8.20Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20Lexington, Ky., Daily , .9.57 amKnoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 amJacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily 10.27 amMaysville, K., Daily . . 7. : 12.05 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.04 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.34 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 3.4o pmRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.52 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.57 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 6.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.15 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.25 pmLexington, K. , Daily 10.55 pmAtlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57 pIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3, 1911.Trains ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday . 3.40 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday '. 5.50 'pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10.00 pmTrains Depart .No. TO101 Frankfort"& Louisville, Sunday Only . G.20 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday 9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky DailyExcept Sunday 5.52 amPains All Over!"You are welcome' says Mrs. Nora Guffey, of BrokenArrow, Okla., "to use my letter in any way you want to,if it will induce some suffering woman to try Cardui.' I hadpains all over, and suffered with an abscess. Three physicians failed to relieve me. Since taking Cardui, I am inbetter health than ever before, and that means much to me,because I suffered many years with womanly troubles, -ofdifferent kinds. What other treatments I tried, helped mefor a few days only.".pdTAKEDon't wait, until you ire taken down sick, before taking care of yourself. The small aches and, pains, and othersymptoms of womanly weakness and disease, always meanworse to follow, unless given quick treatmentYou would always keep Cardui handy, if you knewwhat quick and permanent relief it gives, where weaknessand disease of the womanly system makes life seem hardto bear. Cardui has helped over a million women. Try itWrite it: Lafles Advisory.it SfdlllMtnm'. M -tobacco should be every smoker's andchewer's choice since it is your choicestgipwlh. 40,000 men, each telling tenfriends, will thus get a powerful salesmessage to nearly 400.000. If each ofthose friends tell five others, nearly2,000,000 men are affected. Think whatan increase this would make on thesebrands in one section. You are sellingto us. We are selling to them. So letus work jointly to sell the utmost thatwe can.Tell Dealers,' TooS Tell dealers, too, when you buy thesebrands, what you know of their quality.Let them know of their nation-widepopularity, how they repeat, and howthey make friends of consumers.KBEA BOOSTER OF BURLEY GROWERS' BRANDS, thus boosting the sales andyour profits.Incorporated, Louisville, Ky.IDe - part15.28 amamaman:amTheWdiTfaiftTonieMedidae Co., Ckttaooea, Tenn.,TMfttoKftt for Woe."eBt free. J 51(3)Mmmmmm mm mGearedyuDouuiiParis Readers Can No LongerDoubt tho Evidence.Again and again we have read ofstrangers in distant towns who havebeen cured by this or that medicine.But Paris' pertinent question has always been "Has anyone here in Parisbeen cured?" The word of a strangerliving a hundred miles away may betrue, but it cannot have the sameweight with us asj;he word of our owncitizens, whom we know and respect,and whose evidence we can so easiljprove.Mrs. Newman. Pleasant street, Paris, Ky., says: "I have used Doan'sKidney Pills and like them very much.They are safe to use at any time. Ihad backache and headache and wasvery nervous, showing that mykid-neys were disordered. When I heardabout Doan's Kidney Pills I used themand before long they made me entirelybetter." K -- ,&fcH&8S;rFor sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo,lew York, sole agents for the UnitedStates. VRemember the name Doan's andtake no other.Enjoyment Within Ourselves.We have much to enjoy in the quietand retirement of our own thoughts.Longfellow. .,Repels Altack of Death."Five years ago two doctors told meI had only two years to live." Thisstartling statement was made by Stillman Green, Malachite, Col. "Theytold me I would die of consumption.It was up to me then to try the bestlung medicine and I began to use Dr.King's New Discovery. It was well Idid, for today I am working and believe I owe my life to this great throatand lung cure that has cheated thegrave of another victim." It is follyto sueffer with coughs, colds or otherthroat and lung troubles now. Takethe cure that's safest. Price 50 centsand SI. Trial bottle free at Oberdorfer's. Her Opportunity.Young Husband "What a gloriousday! I could dare anything, face anything on a day like this!" "Wife"Come on down to the milliner's!"Fliegende Blaetter.Glorieus News.comes from Dr. J. T. Curtiss, D wight,Kas. He writes: "I not only havecured bad cases of eczema in my patients with Electric Bitters, but alsocured myself bv them of the same disease. I feel sure they will benefit anycase of eczema." This shows whatthousands have proved, that ElectricBitters is a'most effective blood purifier. Its an excellent remedy for eczema, tetter, sale rheum, ulcers, boilsand running sore's. It stimulates kidneys liver and bowels, expels poisons,helps digestion, builds up the strength.Price 50 cents. Satisfaction guaranteed by Oberdorfer.Wall of the Pessimist."Yes, I consider my life a failure.""O Henry, how sad! Why should yousay that?" "I spend all my time making money enough to buy food andclothes, and the food disagrees with,me, and my clothes don't fit."To Mothers and Others.You can use Bucklens' Arnica Salveto cure children or eczema, rasheB, tetter, chafings, scaly and crusted humors, as well as their accidental injuriescuts, burns, bruises, etc., with perfect safety. Nothing else heals soquickly. For boils, ulcers, old runningor fever sores or piles it has no equal.25 cents at Oberderfer's.Lace Workers of Smyrna.Girls and women of Smyrna makegreat quantities of lace. The work Ismostly done' in their own homes.uNineteen Miles a Secondwithout a jar, shock or disturbance, isthe awful speed of our earth throughspace. We wonder at such ease of nature's movement, and so do those whotake Dr.fKing's New Life -Pills. Nogriping, no distress, just thorough workthat brings good healthy and fine feelings. 25 cents at Oberdorfer's.Few Millionaires in Japan.The possessor of property valued at$150,000 is counted rich in Japan, andthere is only one man whose estate ofabout 40,000,000 ranks him with theworld's rich men.An article that has real merit shouldin time become popular. That such isthe case with Chamberlain's CoughRemedy has been attested fay manydealers. Here is one of them. H. W.Hendrickson. Ohio Falls, Ind., writes,"Chamberlain's Cough Remedy is thebest for coughs, colds and croup, andis my best seller." For saie by alldealers.Safely Mated.Our idea of an ideal marriage iswhen a woman who is' quick at repartee weds a man who is slow to anger. Dallas News.Running ud and down stairs, sweeping and bending over making beda willnot make a woman healthy or beautiful. She must get out of doors, walka mile or two every day and takeChamberlain's Tablets to improve herdigestion and regulate her bowels.For sale bv all dealers.Not What Ho .Meant.Suitor "I hope my nomination tothe curatorship of the museum of antiquities will induce you to trust yourdaughter to my care." MeggendorferBlaetter. '"THETlllTOF. FORGIVING"Ssmeymes I'm almost, glad to hear wheaI get home that they've been bad.And, though I try to look severe, withinmy hdart I'm really gladWhen mother sadly tells to me the list ofawful ttiings they've done,Because, when they come tearfully, ' forgiving them is so much fun!I like to have them all alone, with no onenear to hear or see.Then as their little faults they own 1like to take them 'on my kneeAnd talk it over and pretend the whippingsoon must be begunAnd then to kiss them at the end forgiving them is so much fun!"Within the world there's no such charmsas children penitent and sad.Who put two soft and chubby arms aroundyour neck when they've been bad,And as you view their trembling lips awayyour temper starts to run,And from your mind all anger slips forgiving them is so much fun!If there were nothing to forgive I wonderif we'd love them so.If they were wise enough to live as grownups do and ever goAlong the pleasant path of right, withne'er a fault from sun to sun,A lot of joys we'd miss at night forgiving them is so much fun!Detroit Free Press.The Limit.Stage Manager You must be enthusiastic in this scene. Miss Brown.Miss Brown How enthusiastic?Stage Manager Go as far as youcan. Imagine yourself a chorus girlagain and that some fellow has justasked you to have a square meal.New York Telegraph.Tho Call of Chanticleer.Barney Weller was about the funniest fellow you ever saw. He wasalways making people laugh by playing jokes on somebody, and he put upa game on a victim every day in theweek. He was in Chicago at a bighotel on one occasion when the butt ofone of his jokes sought revenge bysecuring a live rooster and tying itunder Barney's bed at nightAt 3 o'clock in the morning the rooster tuned up for his first vocal selection and let out a long, shrill crow.The second performance of this kindwas too much for the humorist. Hedressed himself hastily and rusheddown to the night clerk."Give me my bill!" he said fiercely."I'm going to get out of this place.""But please tell me what the troubleis," suggested the night clerk."That doesn't matter," said Wellerangrily. "I'm going to get out of hereand get out quick!""At least," begged the clerk, "let usknow what is the matter with thehotel before you go.""Well," exploded Weller, "there's acrazy fool next door to me who thinksthis place is a henhouse. He's spentthe last two hours trying to imitate arooster." Popular Magazine.A Warning to Father.A young and promising business manwho recently relieved his father of theactive end of a large commercial establishment attended a luncheon the otherday. It was proposed by one of theparty to sharpen appetites by taking alittle something to drink before themeal was served. At the table was thefather of this promising young business man, and when the waiter askedthe latter what he would order for hisdrink the young fellow blushed and inhesitating tones replied he would takewhat father did.The father, as equally embarrassed,also showed some hesitancy in selecting his beverage and, eyeing his son,drawled out, "I'll take water.""Look out, father. You are liable torust your stomach," was the warninghe leceived from the son. Kansas CityJournal.Generous Boy.Little Harry's parents always kepta barrel of apples in the cellar. Notlong ago they moved next door to anorphans' home. Shortly after movingHarry's mother noticed that the apples disappeared with great rapidity.- "Harry," she asked one morning,"what isv going on with our apples?""Mother," he replied, "I have to eata great many apples.""I am willing that you should haveall the apples you want. But why doyou eat so many lately?""Why, I have to eat a great many'cause the orphans want the cores."Judge.The Home Influence."Henrietta," said Mr. Meekton."What is it, Leonidas?""Suppose I stay at home and economize in order to facilitate your publiccareer .and employ my leisure hours inassisting you with your speeches andmagazine articles""Well?""When" you are prominent in publicaffairs will yon be one of those whocandidly admit that they owe everything to their husbands?" WashingtonAT AUCTIONrWE WILLParis, Ky., Thursday,ONECAR LOAD OF PERCHERbN AND COACH BREDWESTERNThis will be the best car load of Western mares ever shipped to Pars?XThey were all raised in enclosed pastures and will be as easily broken as our:-' Jnative stock. These mares ranore from 2 to 4 vpnr? M- wn.-f om -i isnThese mares were raised in Nebraska, and have most all been bred thfeSpring to the best horses and jacks that money can buy.Don't miss this sale come and see for yourself. tAUCTION BEGINS AT 10 A. M., THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 12.SaIe will be at Fuhrman'sISale Stable, corner High and Second StreetsMares can be seen at Mrs. N. S. Highland's farm after Saturday, September TMcCAMPBELL'S HORSE & MULE EXCHANGE,KNOXVILLE, TENNESSEE.New Fallr"V', vr . , " ' -1 J f -ft X s. i w-' ' !.'Is J S MlW sJ !" . s s ' ',. '! Wm ? " & " ''"'s , j . a v?- --K i cw&, - rFh.' iSW&U sJSCHLOSS BKOS 6 CO I sX,"'.' 'i$$VsV ""w,v Jri" CJU fUktn I V.-:"1""1- ' I hiTWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L. WoIIstein, Proprietor." Pew, if any. medicines, have metjwith the uniform success that has at-tended the use of Chamberlain's Colic, 1Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedv. Theremarkable cures of colic and diarrhoeawhich it has effected in almost everyneighborhood have given it a wide reputation. For sale by all dealers.Wrong Kind of Man.More women would probably marryfor money or a title if it wasn't forthe kind of men that usually go along.If you "knew of the real value ofChamberlain's Liniment for lame backsoreness of the muscles, sprains andrheumatic pains, you would never wishto be without it. For sale oy all dealers. Ever Thus."Pa, what's political knavery?""What the other side's doing, myBon." Birmingham. Age-Herald.How's This?We offer one Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have known F.J. Cheney for the last 15 years and believe him perfectly honorable in allbusiness transactions and financiallyable to carry out anv obligations madeby his firm.NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE,Toledo 0.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, actine directly upon the blood iand mucous surfaces of the fsystem.Testimonials sent free. Pi ice 75 centsDer nottie. ooia dv an aruggisis.mt. T711n 17.itv;Ttt "Oil Id -Pivc nnnofi.lXU&B Xlrtl O X'UUliljr lino xa wiian-pitijon. iis, tboTC all ether things, theremedy for sickly, wasted childrei. It Morishes aad bwldsthtm p when rdinary fodahitktely fails. Be sure toget SCOTT'S. AiiDru.gk..Scott flb Bowse. Bloom field. N. J. 12-13SELL ATSeptember 12, 1912tsMARESSuits Arriving:"DailySchloss Bros., & Co,i Baltimore, IY1d.9Hand Made SuitsAre Mere DirectFrom The TailorsHands. '.We are showing the newPlunvCarnation, Grey and Browns, theprices very reasonable, 815 to $25-All Wool Fall Suits, newe3ishades at $10, $12.50 and $15OutfFall Line of Haws Von?Gol Hats Douglass Shoes andTiwn Bros., Special Shoes are ar-riving daily.The showing we are making-for Fall is in every way up to thehighest class, our prices aremorereasonable than elsewhere.The ColoredjAgriculural .'Association ofBourbon County,To show their appreciation t foirthe liberality and kindness shownuthem by the white people of"'Bourbon and Fayette counties,,will give a bigFree Cake Walkat Pair Grounds, orwFriday of the Fair,September 20,For a Cash Prize of$25.00of which $12 is to go to the firstlady and gentleman, $7 to the?second and $6 to the third.Entrance solicited from all partss.of the State. Entrance f reeJZJg.: :HARVEY FIELDS, Pres. .STEPHEN MOORE, Scct. Hot and ColdBATHSHot and cold baths.Every thine neat and clean. Pnl5tt barbers always ready to wait ontW., v,.trade. No long waits, Youfare neatj;1M. A. KAHAL.NOTICE !All persons holding claims agairafci "Julia Frank, deceased, arejpierebynotified to present the same, proven-as required by the law to the under- "signed.All persons indebted to the saidiJulia Prank, deceased, are requested! -to call and settle same with undir- ' 7signed.CARTR FRANK,'JUUL.K.N FRANK,ExeowteuiaIt v -2-3wksm-.)StartVIyTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS' KENTUCKY,-SEPTEMBER 10 l9i2.'ui('.4M-,ihf '.MKC,ri(u4fcLJT(-:1't".i- t(tfiFSuitI TO ORDERISHiiiIViiiIiSUNIONIB55MAOESiIBiiiinBIBiiiBIBriIBiiiWe Also DoDYECLEANING.PRESSING,REPAIRING.Best WorkGuaranteed.BTBsisBIB1BIBIBBIB!iiiHBiiiIB115BIBBIBBiiIBElBIBIBHi5wm.IB!raThomas Bros.U!U!lf.(!f!5!S.rn!!l!BS!5iiuimihiuiuiKIHIIHIBFour Barber Chairsliiician Johnson, the well-knowncolored barber, is again with me,making the fourth barber in my complete and up-to-date shop. Have recently installed the sanitary hairbrushes, making it impossible to contract scalp diseases. Everything firstclass, and prompt and efficient serviceassured. JOHNAYERS,Eext Door to Bourbon Home Telephone Co. (It)TOBACCO INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againstfire and wind.JOE MITCHELL.1K&ADMINISTRATOR'S 5ALEDesirable City Property.As administrator of the estate of thepublic outcry, ons THURSDAY, SEPT. 19, 1912,-at 2 p. m., on the premises, her property situated on West Sixteenth street,in Paris, Ky.The property consists of a lot 50xl05 feet, with a cottage of 5 rooms,.porches, presses; water at door; shade-trees, concrete walks, garden, etc.This property is conveniently located, close to car line and railroad yards,and is in a neighborhood where property is in demand. It is a nice home, orsplendid investment, and must be sold to settle up the estate.TERMS Made known on day of sale.W. R. TUTTLE, Administrator.For further information address Harris & Speakes, Paris, Ky.GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.u Hgriculturi Bank of Paris.-Capital . Surplus Protection100,00.00 '$67,500.00 $267,500.00Terry Prtperty at Auction.0nSaturday7 September 14, W12, at2 p. m., on the premises, we will sellfor J. S. Terry his property located onVine street, Paris. Ky. The propertyconsists of a lot 63x248 feet, with acottage of 5 rooms, hall, pantry,presses, 2 porches, cistern, coal house,shade trees, large garden and poultryyard. This is a very desirable and convenient home. Terms liberal.5 10 13 HARRIS & SPEAKES.Superintendent! HasJPowerRevoke.toFState School Superintendents willhear no more appeals from orders ofCounty Superintendents revokingteachers licenses. Such an order ofrevocation is considered an executiveorder, and the Couit of Appeals in arecent decision held that only administrative orders of County Superintendents can be appealed from to theState Superintendent. If the teachers wish to test the matter they musttake it to court.Improved Land.(J. C. and S.'JR. Ewalt wiiPsell theirtract'of 108 acres of unimproved landon the Ruddles Mills pike atrauction onWednesday, September 11, 1912, at 2p. m. It will be sold in three tractsof 36 acres each. This is an ideal opportunity to secure a desirable smalltract of good land within five miles ofthe county seat. - 6 10Whitley CitySeat oiMcCreary., Whitley City will be the county seatof the new county of McCreary. Atthe election of the voters held Saturday to determine the county seat, 13out of 15 precincts of the county gaveWhitley City a majority of 136 overPine Knot, ihe other contesting city.Two other precincts are yet to beheard from.The Carpet and Rag Store.We have one of theJargest stocks ofcarpets and rugs in the State. No oldpatterns, all the latest syles to selectfrom. Call in and let us save youmoney.J. T. HINTON.State Will Stock Frivate Preserves.To encourage the establishment ofprivate game preserves in this Statesuchfas are found inIndiana, theFishand Game Commission will help tostock the preserves.The Commission came to this conclusion when it notified J. T. Cox, ofWoodford county, that a warden wouldbe appointed to take care of the private preserve that will be establishedby him and his neighbors.The' Commission will go as far as thelaw will permit to help stock "the private preserves in this state and wouldlike to get requests from sportsmenfor such assistance, so that Jthey mayknow who is interested in such a movement. -OF-late Mrs. M. F. Tuttle, I will sell atDEATHS.morrow:Mr. John Morrow, aged 46 years,died at Mayo Brothers' Hospital inRochester, Minn., after a protractedillness. Mr. Morrow wa a formerresident of Bourbon county, livingnear Hutchison, and was ithe oldestson of Mr. and Mrs. Alonzo Morrow.He left Kentucky about twentv-fiveyears ago and located jn the Iditaroddistrict of Alaska where he prosperedas a miner and merchant. For severalyears he had extensive business interests in Seattle, Wash'., and from thatpoint made frequent visits to Alaska.While on his last trip he was taken illand was taken to San Francisco fortreatment, from which he received nobenefit and was later sent to Rochester, Minn., whre he was put underthe.care of the noted specialists in thatcity. Mr. Morrow is survived by hisaged mother and two sisters in SanFrancisco, and one brother in theWest, also by a sister, Mrs. James L.Brown, in this city. The body will betaken to Seattle for burial.Charles W.JBunce, better known as"Charlie White-Moon, the cowboyherbalist," fell on the stairs at hishome in Louisville Saturday and diedabout five minutes later. It wasthought that he was dazed by the heatand that in attempting to climb thestairs atja gallop, "as was his custom,he experienced a rush of blood to thehead which caused him to lose consciousness and topple backward.Death resulted from apoplexy.RANSDELL.5 The six weeks old son of Mr. andMrs. Albert Ransdell, died Sundaynight at the home of his parents nearJacksonville. The funeral will be heldat the grave in the Jacksonville cemetery this afternoon at 3 o'clock.McKIMEY.Mrs. Miinerva McKimey, aged 66years died at the home of her son-in-law,Mr. Wat Kiser, at Ewalt's CrossRoad, following Ra long and painfulillness.Mrs. McKimey was the widow ofSamuel McKime.v, who died abuultwelve years ago-and is survived byone son, Mr. Wm. McKimey. of thiscity, and one daughter, Mrs. WatKiser ot near this city.The funeral services were held atthe grave in the Paris cemetery yesterday morning conducted by Rev. J.B . Jones, of Cynthiana. The pallbearers were Cromwell Kiser, Ben F.Kiser, Chas. Hall, Will T. Hall, StollCollins and Mack McConnell.BECRAFT.Mr. Wm. Reynolds Becraft, aged33 years, died at his home in JEastParis yesterday morning ' about 1o'clock following a long illness of tuberculosis. Mr." Becraft has been indeclining healthjfor severalfyears. andhis condition during the last fewmonths has been very alarming to .hisfamily and friends.In recent years he has'made severaltrips west in an effort "to recuperatehis health, but without result. Hewas a son of Mr. Wm. Becraft. of nearJacksontown, this county, who together with riia wife who was formerly,Miss Jefferson, offMillersburg and oneson, Reynolds Becraft, aged weight jyears, survive, His motherdied several months ago in Illinois.Mr. Becraft moved to this city fromMillersburg about seven years ago andfor a time was engaged in the realestate and insurance business. Untilhis health failed he was actively engaged in this capacitv.Funeral services will be held at thelate residence in East Paris Wednesdaymorning conducted by Rev. B. M.Shive, pastor of the Presbyterianchurch. The remains will be taken toM illresburg for interment in theMillersburg cemetery.County Teachers' Institute.I The County Institute for the whiteteachers of the county of Bourbon willconvene in this city on Monday, September 30 to continue ;forJ five days.The sessions of the institute will beheld in the county court room in thecourt house and will be conducted byDr. A. S. McKenzie, of Lexington,who will be assisted by IProf. ; T. J.Coates, of Frankfort, State SuDervisorof Rural Schools.The Flying Office.In the annals of naval and land warfare we have heard much of "flyincsquadrons." -It remained, however,for the telephone to make it nossiblefor railway officials to have what maybe termed "a flying office." A nromment railroad official recently "said"We railroad men don't have to betied down to our city officeslany more."We can get around over the lines,and see what is going on with our' owneyes. Neglect our routine business?Not much. We do just as much if notmore, with modern methods.'This is a 11 brought about by the factthat the majority of the private carsin the United States are how equippedwith Western Electric telephones,which may be connected at each stopDing place to the teleDhone line bymeans of a line pole. Over the telephone circuit thus established theofficial transacts his routine businessas well as take care of any emergency that may arise. He dictates memoranda, and'even his more lengthy letters to his'aecretary or stenograDher.who is at headquarters. His privatecar is his office and without neglecting every day matters he can make inspections or personally supervise anywork, such as clearing up a largewreck, the replacing of a bridge orthe clearing of a snow or land slide,while keeping his finger upon the"pulse of the road."In the days before the telephone began to supplant the telegraph for dispatching the message work on railroads, this would not have been possible, tfor even if a temporary telegraphcircuit had been rigged up, it wouldhave been necessary to employ experienced operators at both ends. Thiswould have meant that a'nersonal message between the General Managerand the Superintendent would havehad to pass through two interveningminds, which would have-of course detracted from the personal touch element. This is one of the many pointswherein the telephone is vastly sunerior to the telegraph for use on railway ysiem. - iK-The Associated Publisher's Co.Wants to Talk to YoaiSeveral Days Ago We Asked You if You Had Seen aList of Our Stockholders.IA' )XOpportunity ComesEveryHourAssociated With Us at This Writing, andThere Will Be Many More, Are:FRANK T0LLE, JAMES PURDEN, Maysville Independent, Maysville, Ky.SWIFT CHAMP, Bourbon News, Paris, Ky.HARRY McCARTY, Jessamine Journal, Nicholasville, Ky.JOHN PULLIAM, D. W. HUTT0N, Harrodsburg, Herald, Harrodsburg, Ky.W. 0. McINTYRE, W. V. RICHARDSON, DanviUe Advocate, Danville, Ky.J. H. PICKELS, Kentucky-Register, Richmond, Ky.COL. WOODSON MAY, R. L. BROWN, Somerset Journal, Somerset, Ky. 'T,SOMMERS BROS. & MARRIATT, The Elizabethtown News, Elizabethtown, Ky.H. C. CLAPPELL, Thousand Sticks, Middlesboro, Ky.LU'CIEN BECKNER, CARL ROBBINS, The Sun Sentinel Winchester, Ky.J. A. BELL, Georgetown Times Georgetown, Ky.Write InquireDO ITTHEATRICAL.Views of entrancing beauty arepromised by Lyman H. Howe in hisnew program at the Paris Grand onTuesday, September 10. One seriesconsists of a magnificent reproductionof the historic palac8 of Versailles,both of the exterior and interior, theparks and marvelous fountains in day.The famous Gallery of Mirrors." thebedroom of Louis XIV, also LouisXV'8 study anchcloak room, will Joerevealed. The scenes " are so Derfectphotographically and at the same timereproduced so accurately in the myriadtints of nature that the eye and brainaccept them as reality, even withoutthe excellent mechanical; musifal andIt's a Big Listof m big men who have madebig business by getting into aBig thing like ours and its getting BIGGERCall at the Bourbon Newsoffice and look it over. You willfind a friend there who knows us.Do You Knowthat we have had to get out asecond addition of our proposition? Do You Knowthat magazine stock is the bestpaying and most universally successful investment on earth?Do You Knowthat we have the best payingmagazine and publication proposition on earth?Do You Know a(VI o n ey Tree?We have one askget a prospectus,told there.us about it orThe storyisTHEN investigate yourself.Any point not clear, ask aquestion.We have had questions askedall kinds many times.N.o matter their nature, noquestion embarrasses us.Our list of conservative stockholders of Kentucky all askedquestions.We answered them to theirsatisfaction.Evidence the list at The Bourbon News office.When the opportunity presentsitself AN OPPORTUNITY SUCH ASOURS to not only make a mostpromising investment, and at thesame time, enter your name onthe list in giving support to anenterprise of tremendous educational value to the South andSouth-west, you would be negligent, indeed, if you failed toinvestigate.You will, Won't You?We will not entercial details here.into finan-We recognize that our materialwelfare is the paramount featurein this life.For further information address the Bourbon News, Paris.Ky., or The Associated Publishers Company, Provident BankBuilding, Cincinnati, 0.NOW!vocal effects that accompany them forthe purpose of conveying convictionthrough the ear also.New Fall Goods.Large comignmsnts of carpets, rugsand furniture of every description arearriying dailv at our store. See us before you buy and let us save youmoney. J. T. HINTON.Big Cake Walk.Don't fail to see the biggest cakewalk" ever held in Kentucky at the colored fair at Pans. .Friday. 'September20. 125 iivcash prizes. . , tdreP-- v.Sel-domOneLikeOurs !IInvestigateI'?iiRoxir Davis iCbe Insurance AgentLife, Accident, Health,.Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning ::::::.:::Biggestand BestiPcyfne CompaniesGive OW "Nuba&aM.2 Hello 137fAvTHE BOURBON, NEWS, PARis;. KENTUCKY, -SEETEMBER, 10, 1912f iffl .BOURBON NEWS.&SwfeydALWAYS HAS THE EESTOF EVERYTHINGWill Close Store.Price & Co., clothiers, will be closedall day Thursday, September 12 onaccount of Jewish holiday, New Year,oc-en as usual Friday.Judge at State Fair.Mr. Thos. McClintock, of Millersburg, one of the most prominent stocknicn in the State, is in Louisville thisweek where he will act as judge in themule classes at the State Fair.Insure your Tobacco withTHOMAS & WOODFORD.Revival at Escondida.Revival services began last nightat the Escondida school with a largenumber in attendance. The servicesare being conducted by Elder R..H.Ellis, pastor ot the Christian churchat Clintonville.Carpets and Rugs.Come to the carpet and rug store ifyou want something nice at reason-ab. prices. Large stock to selectlr i. No shop-worn patterns, all new.J. T. HINTON.Well Located Property.The J. S. Terry pronerty on Vinestreet to be sold af. auction Saturday,September 14, is near the L. and N.station and in a locailty where property is in demand. 5-30-13Neat Sum for Beginners.The sum oSl.233.50 was realized bythe Winchester HospitalJTair Association. " Amounts raised by the variousWinchester churches brings the lotalto $1,450. There is now in the hospital fund about 3,000, enough to buya site.Gold, Silver, Etc. Bought.Old gold, silver and platinum boughtG. J. SCH MITT,10 3t -Melroes Park, 111.Arriving Daily.New Fall Footwear arriving daily at10 tf FELD'S SHOE STORE.Assistant Assessor.County Assessor W G. McClintockhas engaged Mr. George W. Judy, ofthis citv, to assist in taking the assessment of Bourbon county and he willmake the assessment of the Centerville, Hutchison and Clintonville precincts. Mr. Judy will begin the workin a few days.PE1S0NAL MENTION.RYE AND TIMOTHY.Northern Seed Ryeand new crop Timothy Seed.STRART 8c O'BRIEN.Store Closed ThursdayFriday.andOur store will be closed Thursdayand Friday on account of Jewish holiday. HARRY SIMONPrice Acquitted.At the examining trial of WalterPrice, charged with the murder otChapman Renaker, which was held inCynthiana. a verdict of acquittal wasreturned by the jury in " the case.Price killed Renaker in a midnightbrawl in Cynthiana last winter "andpleaded self defense.RYE AND TIMOTHY.Northern Seed Ryeand new crop Timothy Seed.STUART 8c O'BRIEN.School Shoes.Go to Feld's and get your schoolshoes for boys, misses and children.Satisfaction guraanteed. tfMay Start in Futurity.Mr. Charlton Alexander of Paris,has just returned from the trottingmeeting at Indianapolis where he witnessed the performance of hisjtwo-year-oldtrotter, Pine Knot, in the 2:25trot, winning in consecutive heats in2:15 and 2:141-2. Mr. Alexander willin all probability start his promisingtwo year old in the rich Kentucky Futurity this fall.Two Tracts of Land.See Harris & SDeakes about theEwalt farm on the Ruddles Mills piketo be sold at auction on Wednesday,SeDtemberJLl, at 2 p. m. It contains108 acres and will be sold in threetracts. 6 30Insure your tobacco with,McClure & Clendenin. E.T. Phone 235. Home Phone72. .Maccabees Fall Festival.The next big event in Paris will bethe Fall Festival given by the lodge ofMaccabees in this city during the entire week of Septebmer 23. Theamusements will be furnished by theKrause Carnival Company. This company is conceded to be the best carnival comnany in the United States. Itwas only by the offering of a largeguarantee that they were induced toplay Paris, and this is the first smalltown that they have ever played. Aspecial feature of the week will be themammoth parade of over a mile inength. in which every fraternal orderi Paris will oarticipate. A one " hundred dollar diamond ring will be?givato tHe young lady telected a tht quwnof th. cam !.Mrs. Sidney G. Clay has Returnedfrom an extended European trip.-.Mrs. Sallie Bashfordi has returnedfrom a visit to friends in Latonia.JMiss' Mabel Bobbins leaves- thismorning for a trip to Niagara Falls.Mr. John Ford Offutt, o'f 'Georgetown, was the guest of iriends hereSunday.Miss Marian McCullough, of Louisville, is the guest of Dr. and Mrs. C.J. Clarke.Dr. Martha Petree returned Saturday from a visit to relatives, at St.Joseph, Mo.Dr. B. F. Laughlin and wife leavetoday for Louisville to attend theState Fair.Miss Margaret Davis, of Lexington, is the guest of her aunt. Miss Anna May Davis.Miss Celeste Lucas, of this city,who is quite ill at.Cynthiana, is somewhat improved.Mrs.gJ. B. Hutchison, of Decatur,111., is the guest of her sister, Mrs.Ira Bo wen in'this city.Miss Joe Davis has returned'to herhome in Lexington after a visit torelatives in ihis city.Mrs. Withers Davis will entertainthe Bridge Club at her home on Pleasant street Thursday.Miss Lillie Daniels has"returned toher home in Lexington after a visit toher sister, Mrs. I. F. McPheeters.Mr. and Mrs. Rhodes Smith havereturned from their wedding trip andare housekeeping on Fifteenth street.Mrs. AliceWare has returned fromGraham Springs, near Harrodsburg,and is at Bourbon College for the winter. Miss Martha Waller returned toher home in Cincinnati Sunday after adelightful visit to Mr. and Mrs. J. M.Hall.Mrs. Mary Jouet , uf Cynthiana,who has been tne guest of Dr. andMrs. B. F. Laughlin, has returnedhome.Mr. S. B. Monin, who snent lastweek with his sister, Mrs. AliiceSweeney, has returned to his home inNolin.Mr. and Mrs. N. A . Wallace, ofLexington, formerly Miss Lillian Jefferson, was the guests of relatives hereduring the fair.Miss Constance King, of Butler,and Miss Anna Belle McGill, of Covington, are guests of Mrs. J. W. Taylor on High street.Miss LucyiClay Woodford has 'returned to her home in Mt. Sterlingafter a visit to her cousin, Miss Elziabeth Yerkes, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. John Sauer have returned from an extended visit to Jefferson City, Mo., St L.ouis, Chicagoand other Western points.Judge E. B. January was in Lexington yesterday where he attendedthe meeting of the Board of Control ofthe Widows and Orphans Home.Mr . Edwin Sweeney and Dr. JohnSweeney who have been the guests oftheir mother. Mrs. Alice Sweeney,returned Sunday to their home in Chicago. Messrs. Rudolph Davis, DavisHutchcraft, Elbridge SnapD andJames Engleman. of this city, are attending the State Fair in Louisvillethis week.Miss Bessie Lowry and Mr. Hopson Lowry who have been the guestsof their sister, Mrs. Clifton Arnsparger, have returned to their home inLexington.Judge Summervillp. of Montgomery, Ala., who has been the guest otDr. and Mrs. J. T. Vansant lett bunday for his home after a pleasantvisit in Paris.Miss Helen Greenholt. of Baltimore, who has been the guest of heraunt and uncle, Mr. and Mrs. HenryFuhrman, in this city, returned to herhome yesterday.Mr. Otis Bacon, of Wichita Falls,Texas, visited his sister, Miss ClaraBacon, and other relatives last weekenroute to his home from New Yorkand Atlantic City.Circuit Clerk W. H. Webb andCounty Clerk Pearce- Paton, of thiscity attended the meeting of the Kentucky Circuit and County Clerk's Association held in Lexington Friday.Eld.Wm. Sweeney, who has beenhere on a visit to his mother, Mrs.Alice Sweeney, returned yesterday tohis home in Evansville, Ind., where hehas charge ofthe C&hnstian church.Mr.'Brice Steele, who recently underwent an operation at theSt. JosephHospital in Lexington forjanpendicitis,is improving rapidly and will be ableto return to his home within ten days.Mrs. C.J. McLear has gone to Owenton for a visit to her sister," Mrs. Vallandingham. She was accompanied byher nieces, Misses Mary and AnnieVallandingham, who with MissChurchill Fulhlove, have been theguests of Mrs. McLear.-Jewish New Year Thursday.Roshoshonia, Jewish New Year, willbe observed by Jews throughout thecountry Thrsday, Septebmer 12. it being the year of 5673 in the Jewish calendar. Orthodox Jews will' observethe occasion with two days of fetsivilies while the Reform Jews observeonly one day. The Jewish citizens ofParis will close their places of business in honor of the occasion and following the custom, send to their nearest friends whom it is impossible forthem to see personally, greeting andbest wishes.BIRTHS.Born, on Friday to the wife' ofC. Clark a son, second born.FOR SALE.My residence on Pleasant street.This is a well built convenient house.Water and gas in house, good cisternwith pump in kitchen. No better location. tf MISS ANNIE M. WRIGHT.Class in Music.Miss Elizabeth Crutcher will takepupils in piano beginning September10. Lessons given at 315 Pleasantstreet.'THE FAIR!Some Hot leather BargainsSoap Bowl's, 2 for 5c.Plain white dinner plates, 5ceach.5-qt Enameled Preserving Kettel, 10c.Large size Granite Wash Basin,10c.18x35 Damask Towels, lOc.Boys' and Girls' double heeltoe school Stockings, 10c.Long handle Wooden Spoons,oc.Guaranteed Alarm Clocks, seethem in our window, each 49c.Polished Tin Cuspidors, 5ceach.THE FAIR.TheBourbon HorseCo..GoodsIncorporated.v Manufacturers ofHarness, Horse Boots andLeather Novelties ofAll Kinds,All Orders Promptly Executed AndWork Guaranteed.No. 304 Main Street"Repairing of All Kind DoneWhile You Wait.Opp Court House.per FMLQASS!cent. $1,000 to $100,000W. KING & SON,125 Cheapside, Lexington, Ky.I WHYA TRUSTDEPARTMENT?NOTICE.IlThe members of the BourbonCounty Democratic Committee arenotified to meet at the court house inParis, Ky., at 3 o'clock p. m., standard time, on Thursday, September 12,1912. Buisness of importance.C. C. CLARKE,Chairman Bourbon County Democratic Committee.September!). 1912. IBLOST.On Main street Wednesday, September 4, an old gold bracelet, engravedin flower figures. Finder please returntoCORINNE KEENE,10 2t pd 518 Marshall street,Paris. Ky.WhileSummerMercW.Ed Tucker!All Summer Goods NowOn Sale at Greatly Reduceed Prices. '..'-i7wKodakKODAKS $5 up.BROWNIECAMERAS,(Almost Kodaks)$1.00 to $12.00.Daugneny BrosiW. Ed TuckerrFEE'S CASHSPECIALS16 lbs. GranuiatedSugar . $1.008 boxes Searchlight Matches, (3 boxes 10c) 25c8 bars Lenox! Soap ! 25cEoyal Baking Powder, 25c size, this week only. .20cStone's Silver Slice and Country Club Cakes.. 1 0-1 5c25 lb. sack Eldean Flour SOc12 lb. sack Eldean Flour 45cParowax, for sealing- . 1 5cMason qt. Jars . ..60cMason pt. Jars . 45cChase & Sanbonrs "Orange Pekoe" Tea, a' can.. SOcBonita Tea, 1-2 lb. tins 35cFee's Grocery Co.lMMilMaiMA Dining RoomcSpecial.itf5t4NNOTICE.City taxes for the year1912 are now in my handsfor collection at my office atthe Deposit Bank. . -.C K. THOMAS, .26-tf City Collector.Paris Grand Loses fieveridge.Harry Beverage, who for the pasttwo years has been connected withthe Paris Grand in the capacity ofpianist, resigned his position last weekand left for Chicago, where he .hasaccepted a lucrative position as musical director with one of the CohanMusical Comedy companies. -Mr.Beveridge's many friends, while regretting to see him leave Paris, willcongratulate him on securing &ueh asplendid position. As an artist on the,piano lie ranks with the hest, and during his stay at the Grand , no smallpfcrt of the -merit ot & great many oftfee acts was due to 'his remarkablework on.the piano.IIv;tUY Six OakDining Room Chairs,Genuine Leather SeatIRealizing the advantages ofhaving a corporation to act asAdministrator of Estates, alsoin management of property asGuardian or Trustee,The Bourbon Bank andTrust Co.'with a Capital Stock of $100,000and Earned Surplus of $50,000,organized in 188T, having had inthat time the experience necessary in conducting a Trus Company, Therefore,Bourbon Bank 4 Trust Co.,Paris, Ky. ?has a Trust Department andSolicits Your Business.- . ii mmm mmmmmm mmVOne American Quartered DiningTable, 6 ft. Long When ExtendedOne American Quartered ChinaCabinet, Large and RoomyOne American Quartered Buffet5 ft. Wide Large Mirrorml--.C,;jt.-iV-r-i-OHSee Window For These PeacesJ. T. tllNTON.k&S ilr ?Jfc-'&1- -iT&L v.HimV?A.K":ai)-?iTHE BOURBON NEWS PARIS KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1012"N.ist1 4RIII'i j;jUVit.! iW4 tcrl, ;HERE'STHEHOGK&r'vVHKA30URBON REMEDY CO.,Lexington, Ky. " .Enclosed find choto of hoar that was cured ocholera "witn your Bourbon Hoe Cholera Remedy. This hoz was almost dead before using:the medicine, and then was entirely cured, except loss of ears, tail, etc. The hog: is owned byMr. Skiles Ewimr, of Bowling: Green, Ky. Hewill be clad to give you a testimonial, and woC&n set several more if you want them.K JENKINS-SUBLETT DRUG CO.,Bowling: Green, Ky., Ask Your Druggist for ItFor Sale dy W. T. Brooks,Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfFOR RENT.A modern five room cottage on Walker avenue. Possession given at once..ADply toSep 3 3c LEE STARKE.EXCURSION(I ;Paris, Ky:5 toCincinnati, O.,i, And Return.SDNDAY,SEPTEMBER 15,1912,Fare $1.50 And Return.Excursion Train'' leaves 7thStreet Station Returning to Parisat 7 p. m.Tickets good only day oOale.For further information, call on or"SpriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent.E or J. K. SMITH, T. A.DR. DOLLE'SMESSAGE TOMENYOU CAN BE CURED BYINDB. 0. L. DOLLE."Why Take Treatment Tliat Is Doing TonJTo Good, "When a Few Days under the caref Dr. DoIIe Will Show You How Easy ItIb to Cure These Diseases "When, the ProperTreatment Is Administered.Have you treated for months and years, andbeen disappointed until you think that you cannot be cured ? You, no doubt, all this time havebeen treated by inexperienced doctors who hadneither sufficient knowledge nor experience toknow how to cure you.These are the diseases of; -which I havecured so many, justly piving mo the reputation for cures of which I am so proud.Blood Diseases, Skin Diseases ,I will give you. treatment that will In a fewdays cure all rash, spots and every sign andsraptom. My treatment gets the poison out ofthe system instead of driving it in like ordinarytreatments. I cure blood diseases and skin disease feo ihey cannot come back.Varicocele, causing aching or pain ingroin or back, .nervousness, "Weakness,IfOes of Vitality, Lack of Ambitionly one-treatment cure is what you shouldiave and what you w.ill have to have to be curedright. Only one visit is required. I do no cuttlg and you suffer no pain ncr trouble. Allsigns disappear in a few days.Kervous Troubles, Lost Vitality" ly combined treatment for these troubles fo JworaQUt, who have caused it by folly, dissipation&ad excesses, is remarkably good. No one believeshow quickly it benefits until they have taken it.It overcomes weakness, ncrvousnecs, pain inlMtck, lack of energy, ambition and strength it'sjast the treatment I have found so effective intrtfttiwg such diseases.Kidney and Bladder Troublesare scientifically cured by me. My methods immediately benefit you, and the majority of casesI care come from physicians and specialists whoiailed.Pifc Fictf-nljn I can cure you soMTl 1 CS , r 1 LU ldC quickly and easilythat you will be surprised. I will give you justthe result and cure you are looking for withoutA surgical operation.-Acute Dlseases-SSMSSremedies seldom cure. My treatment stops everyymptom and cures in a few days. It is scientificthat 8 the only sure way to be cured so it willa&t oome back.T rb take my Treatment without aat aad pay me after I cure yeu. I knowthat I can give you new life, new hope, and canrestore you back to health and happiness. Ifcaow that every man will pay after I nave elimiaated every trace of disease from his system.Wef BQOnlcal and analvtical iirinalvelR FRF.RI haw writeen a book that ought to be in theIsM a of every suffering man in this country. Ito settdTyoti a copy, free, if you will write aae ati jmm aieease lor wnwayou desire treatement,MBSa.tt.to 4: Sundavc.O tA 1 t. n 1pnfn014ajMigeaday,We4nesday sad Saturday nlgfita, vpL. DOLLE, JM. D.9r $MWa Theater tm Walnut St., betwatat FMth aad gixth Streets.Otteeaasr to find. as aU that is aaoessary is toaskmiTMolaaMa ThMtor, aa aay saaA FOSSILIZED HUSBAND.But Perhaps His Interior Was Hardened by Boarding House Fare.To the bride who is new before arange her first" biscuit is a most serious undertaking. In a recent case,however, her first pancakes provedmore disastrous than all the greenhued soda biscuit ever baked by novices at the artA young stenographer, recently married, took her husband home to boardwith mamma. Mamma was a real cook,but the bride was not.' However, shewas an artist in frying pancakes, whichshe never ate herself because "thegreasy things just upset her," she said.A few days ago she prevailed uponher mother to permit her to make thecoffee and "some nice pancakes" forher husband's breakfast Daughterwas given full possession of the kitchen so she could have all the creditThe bridegroom ate heartily of thepancakes in fact, he managed to consume all his wife cooked."What were you doing with this canof plaster of paris in here?" asked themother an hour or so later."Can of what?" replied the bride,puzzled."Plaster of paris," said her mother."What made you take that down fromthe shelf?"By that time the young bride hadbounded into the kitchen."Is that plaster of paris?" she shrieked. "It's in a baking powder can.Why, I used that to bake dearie's pancakes. Heavens, he must be gettingmummified by this time." And shepromptly had hysterics.Grabbing a scarf, the bride, now paleand excited, ran for the corner drugstore."What's the antidote for plaster ofparis?" she wailed at the clerk."Never heard of any," he replied.."You don't mean paris green, do you?Who's been eating it?""My husband. And the worst of itall is that I fed it to him too.""Brand new husband too," mused thepharmacist, sotto voce. "How muchdid he get of it?""Between a dessert and a tablespoonf ul, I think.""Well, let him have it. It will nothurt him. You might give him anemetic."The distressed wife got little consolation out of these instructions. She alsocould see that the druggist was amusedheartless, unfeeling wretch that hewas. A brighter idea seized the bride,and she ran for the telephone."Dearie, you are filled with plasterof paris. Run for the doctor and getan emetic before it hardens in you,"she shouted.Of course the other end of the conversation could not be heard, but fromthe number of times she repeated hercommand it was plain to be seen thathe was puzzled. Then she explainedhow she had fed the plaster to him.He said he was feeling fine, but shemade him promise to run for a doctorinstanter. Kansas City Journal.News From the Front.Last week the regulars and the revolutionists each gained a recruitTwo generals for one husky privatewere offered by both sides, with notakers.The revolutionists offered yesterdayto exchange eight colonels for one canof condensed milk.Juarez was surrounded last Fridayby twelve revolutionists, but an oldwoman went out and chased themaway.Today's battle was called on accountof rain. San Francisco Chronicle.J- Playing by Ear.Senator Rayner was condemning thearguments of a political oppoiient."This man," he said, "misunderstoodme. He misunderstood me as completely as the little boy misunderstoodthe ear trumpet.. "One Sunday morning in church asthe hymn was beginning he saw a mantake an eat trumpet from his bosomand clap it to his ear." 'Oh, ma, look,' he whispered excitedly to his mother. 'That there gentleman must be goin' to play by ear!' "Philadelphia Record.'Has Jack a good reason for beingashamed of his ancestors?""I should say so. His grandfatherstruck out four times in a world's series." New York Telegraph.Ever Think of That?"There's a use for everything in theworld."' "Whatf s the use of a jealous wife?"" "A great deal. If there were nojealous wives how do you suppose .ahomely stenographer could get a job?"i-Judge.t How He Got Them."D&t feller Rastus Shlnnah done bintalkm' & powahful lot 'bout how he'sa-mteln chickeni.""Shol He do&n mean raisin', heKMni limn." Catholic Standard and. Disgraceful.iMURKY GREEN PETROLEUM.Processes by Which It Is ConvertedInto Refined OilIn its original state petroleum "is of amurky green color. It is distilled inpans with great furnaces blazing beneath them, and as the vapors arisefrom the boiling liquid they are conveyed into pipes surrounded by coldwater in which they are condensed.The first vapors condense info naphtha and those produced by furtherheating give the burning oil. A verysmall percentage of the crude oil putinto the pans or stills remains in theform of tar, which? by another processis converted into paraffin and coke.After distillation the refined oil is nolonger green, but is as transparent asspring water and beautifully tingedwith purples and blues. It is not yetready for use, however, since it mustbe "washed." The fluid is emptied intoa large circular tank in which it istreated with acids, these being pouredin and mixed with it by means of powerful pressure from beneath.When it has been well shaken it isallowed to settle, and the acids thenseparate from it and sink to the bottom of the tank, taking with themsome of the tar that remained in theoil.The acids are then removed and theoil is washed with salt water. Finallyit is bleached, and it is then ready forthe market Harper's Weekly.TIGER PROOF HOMES.Malay Houses, Frail and Flimsy,Sometimes Perch In Tree Tops.The ordinary Malay house is built onf posts from five to seven feet high, butone which I came across was perchedhigh up in a tree. It was the home ofa man, his wife and family, and theyinformed me that it was placed in thisunusual situation so as to be out of theway of the numerous tigers which theninfested the neighborhood.As tigers have been known to jumpeighteen feet in vertical height somewhere about twenty feet is consideredto be the limit of safety. The Malayanhouse is a frail and flimsy structure ofsticks tied together with rattan thatched with palm leaves and walled withplaited bamboo or, as in this case, withthe bark of trees.It is therefore an easy matter for atiger with its great strength to breakinto a house and attack the inhabitants.Many instances of this have been recorded in Malaya. In one well knowncase a whole family were killed exceptone man, who, climbing up into theroof and thus escaping the notice ofthe tiger, was a horrified observer ofthe cruel mauling and ultimate slaughter and devouring of his relatives.London Strand Magazine.Life Without Microbes.Microbes are not indispensable to alllife if they are indispensable to any.The question has been definitely settled. A cage completely sterilized at90 degrees was made and the openings of the cage closely stopped withcotton and protected from the outsideby a hermetically closed metallic chamber. Such manipulations as were necessary in opening the cage were madeby hands guarded by aseptic rubbercloth. Into such a sterilized cage threehens' eggs were placed after havingbeen externally sterilized. The cagewas fitted with a glass pavilion orchicken run, where ,the chickens coulddevelop during their six weeks' sojournin the fcage. In the cage were sterilizedair, pure water, sterilized sand andsterilized feed. The experiment showedthat life does not depend upon microbes, but that the vital work of theorganism is easy and natural wheneverything is sterilized. Harper's.Relics of Pillories.Though the pillory has been abolished, there are still to be found in various parts of rural England relics ofthis old time method of punishmentOne of the most complete examplesmay be seen within a few miles of themetropolitan border. In the picturesque village of Roydon, Essex, notjonly are the old stocks and whippingpost still preserved, but close besidethem stands also the wooden "cage"in which the roysterer of bygone dayswas incarcerated. Is there anothersuch interesting trio of punitive relicsto t be found elsewhere in England?London Graphic.Cause and Effect."Look heah, doctah; Hve taken youahadvice and tried a cantah wound thepark before breakfast, but it doesn't domy livah a bit of good.""Uhl I'm afraid the good effects ofthe canter before breakfast are counteracted by the bad effects of the decanter after dinner." London Tatler.An Eye For an Aye."Mr. Speaker," said the congressman,"I have tried vainly to catch your eyeand""Sit down!" thundered the speaker."I have tried vainly to catch your 'ayeoeveral times when it was needed."Philadelphia Ledger.Inconsiderate."If you don't stop nagging me, Emily, I shall shoot myself this very minute.""Yes, that's just like you, when youknow how nsjrvous I am when I heara shot" London Tit-Bits.A Life Position.Annette Ethel is about to accept alifetime job of twenty-four hours aday. Florence Indeed! Annette Yes.She is going to marry a man to reformhim. Chicago News.Growth is better than permanence,and permanent growth is better thanallA CHANCERY ROMANCE.Helping a Friend, He Unearthed a Fortune For Himself. tPerhaps there is no 'more curiouschapter in the history of the chancerycourts than that of two Pittsburghmen. The first had a claim to a smallestate abroad, but he did not have themoney to pay the claim agency tomake a search, so he'' got a friend toback him.This friend's name was Peterman,and the money he advanced was like agrub stake he was gambling on hisfriend's claim proving up.One day when Peterman was at theclaim agency office he came upon thisadvertisement in the agency files: "Peterman (Albertus), musician, born inAmsterdam in 1829, son of CharlesFrederick and Henrietta Suzanna Gasman.' Left for Liverpool in 1856. Heis sought 'for inheritance by M. Contot, avocat, 21 Boulevard St Germain,Paris."That was the Inception of the. famous "Kinsey docks" case, the namecoming from the fact that the originalPeterman was last seen at Kinseydocks, in Liverpool. The claim agencytook the matter in hand, traced Peterman's lineage back and enabled himto establish a good claim to an inheritance of $200,000.That was a case of fortune beingthrust upon a man. Lewis EdwinThelss in Harper's Weekly.JOBS FOR THE INDIGENT.Swiss Method of Solving the Problemof the Unemployed.In Switzerland the people act uponthe theory that a man who is unemployed is, if left to himself, liable tobecome a waste by being a subject ofcharity and a tax upon the community.Therefore the problem is considered asan economic question.The purpose is to assist the unfortunate unemployed to secure work, notonly for the sake of his family, but inthe interests of the state. There is notoleration for the loafer. Begging isprohibited by "the law, and vagrancy isclassified as a crime.If an unemployed person does notmake a serious effort to find work theauthorities will find it for him, andhe is compelled to perform it If herefuses he is placed in the workhouse,where strict discipline is maintainedand every inmate is required tb workto his full capacity, receiving thereforhis board and lodging and from 5 to10 cents a day in wages.There are also institutions wheretemporary employment is furnished topersons out of work, through no faultof their own, and comfortable accommodations and some money compensation given until they can find more remunerative wages. Chicago Tribune.Motherly Advice."My dear, you mustn't be so sharpwith strange young men. You knowyou may give them a wrong impression." "What's the matter now, mother?""You scarcely spoke a word to thatyoung man you were introduced tolast evening.""I didn't like his way, mother."""Did you know him?""No; I'd never met him before.""Do you know anything about him?'"Nothing, except that he seemed tome to be very impertinent""Still, you shouldn't have snubbedhim, at least until you had learnedmore about him. Once I snubbed ayoung man that way without knowingwho he was, and I regretted it everafter, because I found out later thathe was very rich. I might have married him If I had been more careful."Detroit Free Press.Why Bruises Become Black and Blue.The color of blood is due chiefly toiron in the little blood cells. Whenthe iron is kept in these little bloodcells, which are living and travelingaround in the blood vessels, the coloris red. Hit the skin hard enough tobreak some of the little blood vesselsbeneath the surface and the little redcells escape from the injured bloodvessels, wander about for awhile inthe tissues and die. When they diethe iron that made them red beforethen changes to black and blue coloring. After awhile this iron is taken upby the glands called the lymphaticsand made over again into nice red cells.The iron is taken up very much morequickly by the lymphatics if the blackand blue spot is rubbed and massaged.St Nicholas.His Painful Debut. c"I shall not easily forget my debut,"Sir Charles Wyndham said on one occasion. "We opened at Washington,and I appeared as a character whohad to declare, 'I am drunk with loveand enthusiasm.' Having uttered thefirst three words', I was seized withstage fright and said no more. -Thisis what I read in a New York paperthe next morning: 'A Mr. Wyndhamrepresented a young man from SouthAmerica. He had better go there himself.' " tRiches and Contentment."Contentment is better than riches,"said the ready made philosopher."True," replied Mr. Dustin Stax, "butmy observation is that a man who isrich has a better chance of becomingcontent than a man who is contentedhas of becoming rich." WashingtonStar.Alike, Yet Different. 'Mrs. Youngbride My husband is verydetermined. He never gives up. Mrs.Klosefist (sadly) Neither does mine.Boston Globe. .You can do, in ,a second wbaMfctakesyears to get over regretting. NewYork Pre. - -vmmmmJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!.TKE J9BBURBNNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asRIUHFAfYQLETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOG 4POSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.. s . "5S'. 'V.'V-vLet us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork. ' 'Our type is, new and modernfaces. ' ' -Cfte Bourbon news104 Issues a Year for, . $2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.iiWUiWUiiUK? ,atRGQfflS OFTHEVv,.., s-V - 'iVrT-, ITHE BOURBQN, NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1912-rtVHHMBBn BMHMnCurtis Henry & Co.,Groceries, Drygoods, Fresh and CuredMeats, Vegetables, Fruits, Etc.iIf it comes from Henry's it's all right,because they handle the best and freshestthe markets afford. Their store is clean, freefrom flies, and evrything is handled in asan-itary way. When you deal with them youget polite attention and prompt delivery, noextra charge for either.Call either 'phone 442, and they will beglad to serve you.p ft ; n o uTmwinFirmDepartment StoreCor. 7th and Main: 111! It II .lvIn ')l illsi;ll "T vIt?tlSi"R3wojF N0N-WJSTbSPECIALPrice This WeekExtra FineROYAL CORSETAll SizesAll Lengths9cCall in andExamine Them.PARIS,KENTUCKY."AThe LatestThuigliriTStovesF-aTrnniarir sunoer. as for anv other meal at any!pother time, the very latest thing in stove$tfiebeslilat stove-artists caniiIt Burns OilNo AskesIt Concentrates HeatNo WasteIt is Handy; No DirtIt Is ReadyNo DelayOil Cook-stoveItconcentrates the heat when you want itand where you want it ft is as auick as gas,steadier and handier thaacosl, cheaper thanelectricity. - . . , -iThe New PcrfedJOQ Stove faM Jans, enameieo.ITheNew Perfection Stove dm jane, enameica,turqaoae-bkre chimney. It is handwmeljr finishedk nickel, with cabinet top. cVop shelves, towelracb,etc Mdcwth 1,2 or 3 burners... All WImc N Pfree uxj woi wbu c "- Zm uvflu &&2 5 caato to cover HMuliag cotLJ.STANDARD OIL COMPANYFOUGHT WITH RAILROAD TRAINHerd of Infuriated Bulls Held TheirOwn in Combat With Masterpiece of Man.CURTIS HENRY CO.LCor. 1 4th and MainwmmwmmmmmmmmmmmmmM.At a point on the railway line between Mirabel and Canaveral, on theSpanish side of the boundary line between Spain and Portugal, there onceoccurred an odd sort of bullfight.A train had just come out on asweeping curve from the hills anddown upon a little plain when the engineer saw directly before him a herdof bulls on, the tracks. The engineerblew his whistle vigorously and allihe bulls fled, with the exception ofone great fellow, who made straightfor the train with horns lowered androaring defiance.It was too late to prevent a collisionand the bull was killed, but his carcass, lying under the wheels of thelocomotive, prevented the train pro2eeding. Passengers and crew unitedto clear the track. In the meantimethe great herd of bulls, scenting theblood of. their dead leader, came flocking back, pawing and threatening. Theaearer they came the more infuriatedhov crow anri finnllv thov ohnreredw 0 , r, a-like a whirlwind on the little band orworkers.Then all the men abandoned theirtask and took refuge in the cars. Theoulls followed them to the very steps,bellowing and pawing. Soldiers aboardthe train tried to stampede the animals with stones. The bulls recoiled,charged again, recoiled once more;and for two hours the battle raged,victory now seeming to be with oneside and now with the other. At lastas night came on, the bulls withdrewAnd betook themselves to some distant shelter. Then the employes andpassengers were able to set to workigain. The track was cleared andthe train proceeded on its way.TRACKED BY POSTAGE STAMPSLittle Peculiarity, but It Meant Muchto the Trained Eye of theWatchful Detective..Marking on Wood.If anyone in your .home has a pyrograph outfit, use it for marking yourboy's hockey sticks, baseball bats, tennis rackets and all such, woodenthings. Printed names can wear orhe scratched off, but when burned Indeeply the identification is there tostay.NOTICE.I have just secured a new barberfrom Chicago and am prepared to givethe public first class service. Give mea call.' Shop is equioped with electricfans to keep you cool. Three firstclass barbers. My bath tubs are aire a vs"ready.aug2tf BUCK FREEMAN.KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."Hourly-ParisHigh Speed ThroughService.War on Social Evil Bef an.Kentucky is to be the scene of aunique campaign against social evilsand a department for the suppressionof vice is to be established in theState. The movement is backed by theWorld's Purity federation and if successful in this state will be carried intoall parts of the nation. Plans for thecampaign in Kentucky will be staredimmediaely after the election his fall.A determined effort will be made towipe out the socil evil.JlntiitLatiqbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed. ' 'augl6tfEast Ternu Phoe 49ft' Ayjfo-i xkjzw yrrflWBiFffli..SEPTEMBER99 109 11, 12, IS, 14, 1912Lexington FrankfortDivision.Lexingtonafter the8:15 p. m.onlyWhether a man is a criminal or aaw-abiding citizen, he ought to take:he pains to stick his postage stampsDn exactly straight," an old detectivesaid. "If he is straight he won't loseanything by it, and if he is crookedne will gain. When I was in the government service the first thing I found3ut about a man under suspicion wasthe way he stuck on his stamps. OneDf the cleverest swindlers I ever landed was tracked through his postagestamps."After you put a stamp on a certainmav fn-r o uttio while It-, becomes second nature and you stick it on thatway unsconsciously. That was whatthat man did. All his stamps were,stuck on diagonally, leaving a littletriangle of a certain size at the corner of the envelope. He was a slippery fellow and had eluded vigilancefor months. One day I happened tobe loitering around a postofllce of acountry town where I had gone on anDther trail. The mail came in, andthrough the little window I watched:he postmaster sort it. Presently Ispotted an envelope with the stampstuck on in that triangular fashion. Igot the postmark, hiked back to thattown, and nabbed my man. If he hadput his stamps on straight, probablyhe never would have been caught."I, lWfBmWA.-iHfclB9jHfcVfcB m . IiH ?HB '?$M eSW?lfrrn T4-l0;iH SSmrWr J. I1C JJOXCOMEH rJHrmI FACars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort e"ery hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m.,and at 10 p. m., the last car going onlyas far as VersaillesCars leave Lexington for Versailles.Frankfort and Paris, every hour from6 a. m. until 7 p. m, and at 9 andll d.m., the last car going only as far asVersailles.Cars leave Versailles Jforand Paris every 15 minuteshour from 6 :15 a. m. untiland at 11 :15 p. m., last car goingas far as Lexngton.Cars leave Versailles for Frankforteverv 45 minutes after the hour from6 :45 a. m. until 7 :45 p. m., and at 9 :45p. m.Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington and Paris every thirty minutes after the hour from 6 :30 a. m.until 7:30 p. m., and 10:30 p . m., thelast car going only as far as Lexington. GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTON-NICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexington and Nicholasville 'every forty-fiveminutes after the hour from 5 :45 a. m.until 6:45 p. m., and at 8:05 and 10:05p. 'm.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville every thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 p. m.,and at 9 and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville for Lexington every fifteen minutesafter the hourfrom 6:15 a. m. until 8:15Jp.m. and qaiu:io p. 7m.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetown every hour on the hour from 6a. m. until 7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p.m.No 6 a. m. cars on Sunday .17-tflmDAYS W-wjmi jHAT THE 1AT. m raj. 1LUEZRAL PREMIUMS OFFEREDDaily, Races Free Attractions Clean MidwayLIBERATI'S BAND,Farmer Boys School Encampment REDUCED RAILROAD RATESFor Information, Entry Blanks, Catalogue, AddressJ. L. DENT, SECY.320 PAUL JONES BUILDING LOUISVILLE. KY'mBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.West 5 StreetTelephone No. 4.We Take Pleasure.in noing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous f o fine work -and itdever goes bck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatee.w"Mother's" Name.A deed was being drawn for a certain farmer to sign. All went smoothly until the lawyer asked him hiswife's name."Oh, yes, of course. My wife's name.Very necessary, to be sure," said thefarmer.It was plain to be seen that he wasnot prepared to answer. The bloodrushed to his face, he looked troubled,and finally turned his back and lookedout of the window."What do you think of that!" he exclaimed, as he turned slowly round."I simply cannot remember her name.You see, they used to call her Petwhen she was a girl at home, andthat was her name with me until twoyeaqs after our marriage, when I began calling her 'mother.' I could nottell you her name if it were a capital 'offense not to do so. S'pose itwouldn't do to call her Pet in thedeed?"It would not do, so he hurried away,and in an hour came back with hiswife's full name written on a slip ofpaper. Youth's Companion.The Hat Question in 1790.The Handel festival was originallygiven in Westminster Abbey, and theofficial notice of 1790 announced that"no ladies will be admitted with hats,and they are particularly requested tocome without feathers and very smallhoops, if any." As ecclesiastical lawdemands that female worshippers shallcover their heads in church, this regulation was curiously anomalous. Asuggestion in regard to ladies' headgear was also made by Sir FredericCowen in 1906, when he gave it as hisopinion that the ladles might discoverin their wardrobe some "extremelyfascinating flat hats," which wouldnot obstruct the view. The "fascinating flat hats" were, however, chieflyconspicuous by their absence, owingpresumably (we write subject to feminine correction) to the fact that theflat hat was not among the fashionsof that year. London Globe.Advanced.Mrs. Willis Is she advanced? .Mrs.' Gillis Frightfully so. She isthe suffragette leader of a new religious sect in a Socialistic community,where they talk nothing but' universal langnifflLBourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky.jtjjjlBjjjjli - - iI" i1 !FITANDERSOoQ&l'PAutomobile sIBzDo ModefsF 1You Want the BestnfI the Cheapest1 ll jMB fcjffilgf fflj&Flanders "20" Roadster, $750Don't be alarmed if somebody tells you you can buy an automobilefor less money than the $750 Studebaker-Flanders "20." You can, butyou better not. The Flanders "20" corresponds point by point with thebest and highest priced cars sold. Cheaper cars at every vital point arebuilt on ideas long ago discarded for good cars. Don't take our word forit. Make comparisons and see.The Studebaker-Flanders "20" is a marvel a high grade modern carat a low price. If you pay less you buy much less. And thecheaper cartoday will cost you far more in the long run. The competing car isn'tsold which the Studebaker Corporation, the greatest automobile manufacturers in the world, couldn't reproduce for less money; but we won'tbuild a cheap car, because the name "Studebaker" means the best foryour money.If you are content with a car that runs today and dies tomorrow,don't buy the $750 Flanders "20." It will wear for years. Rememberthis the Studebaker-Flanders "20" will outwear 2 to 1 any other carunder $1100 and give you. double satisfaction, confidence and comfortinto the bargain.IVc can prove ii Send fcr ncv) catalogue?Sfeidebaker CorporationDetroit. fv!ich. . t & M? 3 floflrtom. (forage &Snpply Company. - s 9V- "" j ., " ' ''5mPjrMCT, -,"-THE -BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, . KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER. AQ 19124'-J1i ivl ,fI".L. I?!. 'i! 1BI GEO. W.tUNtlAL WKfcllUK AND ULfcPOfcU EfflBALnEft.BOTH'PHONES DAY137; NIGHT 299.rmmmmmm mmmmmmmmmmmm"Zb Borne of Comet Tootwear'DAN COHEN!!1The Last AndFinal CutOnSummerAnd Oxfords.: )The season for us is drawingfast to a close and the Large Shipments of Fall Footwear now arriving necessiates a quick clearanceof all Summer Footwear. Ourorders . are to clear the shelves ofall Summer Goods. We will notcarry over any oxfords into nextseason.We haveGet HereTOMORROW,SaturdayWithout fail as these low priceswill cause great joy to those appreciating good Footwear and thevalue of money.All Ladies' White Canvas and Nu - BuckShoes and Pumps nowbelow Cost.Get yours while wehave the size.DAN COHEN,336Jn St., Paris, Ky.DAVISM""nAllv ymarkeddown every shoein the house toprices that mustsell them quick.Not a PairEscaped.4$t''IIIf IMILLERSBURG ITEMS.Mr. J . H. Stewart is confined to hishome with illness.Mr. E. T. Sneeler and family visitedrelatives in Paris last week.Miss SallieMcIntyreleft Satudayforthe Norton Infirmary, Louisville.Miss Bessie Howard returned yeaterdayafter a visit to relatives in Paris.Mr. Chas.' Fisher left Monday to enter Henryfc& Emory College in Virginia. Miss Lyda Brown left Saturday foravisit to Mr. and Mrs. EdBrown at Cynthana. Miss Edwina Ammerman will leaveWednesday to enter Caldwell Collegeat Danville.Mr. and Mrs. S. B. Carpenter leftSunday for a two weeks sojourn atSwango Springs.Mr. Ed Cochran of Elizaville, wasthe guest of his daughter, Mrs. MinnieHurst last week.Mr. A. P. Gooding, of Mayslick, arrived'Thursday as the guest of Mr.and Mrs. Ashby Leer.Mrs. Thomas McCIintock will returnWednesday after a several weeks visitto realtives in Kansas.We have just received a carload ofGenuine Kanawha Salt.PEALE COLLIER & CO.Messrs. J. T. Adair and A. J. Thaxton left Monday for the KentuckyState Fair at Louisville.Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Jaynes, of Atlanta, Ga.. arrived Saturday as guestsof Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Corrington.FOR SALE Forty thousand goodoak tobacco sticks, four feet fourinches long.10 2t PEALE COLLIER & CO.Ms. MaryJ. Whaley and daughter,Miss Nancy, returned Saturday after aweek's visit to relatives at Bethel.Mesdames R. D. Burgoyne and C. T.Layton, of Maysville, were guests ofMrs.E . H. Kerr Saturday and Sunday. Mrs. C. D. TacVett and daughter,Miss Irene have returned after a several weeks' visit .to relatives atOwingsville.Miss Jennie Marie PepDer will leaveThursday for Cincinnati, where shewill enter the school of Dramatic Artand Expression.Mrs J. T. Judy and little daughter.Katherine, left.Saturday for a visit toher uncle. Rev. Jasper Current andfamily at Louisville.Mrs. Sallie Best and daughter, MissNannie Louise, returned Friday aftera two weeks' visit to Dr. and Mrs. I.D. Best, of Cynthianha.Mrs. S. H. Creighton and son, Taylor, left Saturday for Indianapolis,Ind.after a several weeks' visit toher mother, Mrs. Belle Taylor.Mr. Alex Hawes who has been theguest of his mother. Mrs. MattieHawes, for the past two weeks leftSaturday for his home at Chicago, 111.Misses Laura Steele and LouiseSteele let yesterday to attend collggein Lexington! the former will attendState University and the latter Hamilton College.The M. F. C. and M. M. I. will ODenThursday. The outlook is favorablefor a arge enrollment in each school.Major T. P. Duckett. of Charleston, S.C, has already arrived at M. M. I.Mr. A.S."Best was the guestfof Dr.and Mrs. Alex Hunter, of .Washjngton,Sunday. His wife and little daughterreturned home with him Sunday afteran absence of four weeks.Mr. J. G. Lynch has secured a position in a drug store at Versailles andwill return to Millersburg in a fewdays. He will leave with his familyfor Versailles about October 1.LOST Last week on the amphitheate of the Bourbon Fair grounds anair of gold rim spectacles. Finderwill please return to J. H. Collier atMillersburg and reeive recward.Mrs. Anna Jefferson, son and daughter, Mr. and Mrs. Garrett Jefferson,the latter of Ohio, were summoned toParis early Monday morning on account of the death of Mr. Reynolds Becraft. The following ladies from here haveentered on their duties as teachers :Misses Bessie Purnell in the ParisGraded School ; Ruth Stirman at thePurdy school ; Hazel Kerr at PleasantGreen; Kizzie Mae McDaniel at McIlvaine j.Nannie Clarke of Jefferson.The many friends of Mrs. JamesHutsell will learn with sorrow thatshe is in a critical condition and leftThursday accompanied fo the MayoHospital where she will undergo a serious operation. Some years ago shewas operated on for appendicitis. Herwounds failed to heal properly and hertrouble now seems , tu be adhesion.Mrs. Hutsell now resides in Mt. Sterling with a large circle of friends inand around Millersburg.Millersburg was well represented atthe fair last week and much interestwas taken Friday by the representations from the neighboring city in theboys' tiding ring, in which DunlapSaur-tirrs, the handsome four year oldson of Mr. and Mrs. William Saunders,of Millersburg, took the red ribbon.The young horseman was mountedupon his father's walking horse whichtook second premium in the ring juspreceding the boys' ring, and wasmuch complimented UDon the mannerin which he sat in his father's, saddleand rode his horse.Miss Walker, who had charge of thedenartment of expression at the M. F.C. last year has signed,a contract withtne ijewis x. ivianu vju., wnicn openeaits season' last week at Newark, "N. J.Miss Walker is one of the brightestladies that ever occupied the chair ofexpression at the college, succeedingin getting wonderful results J out ofher pupils, and this too in view of thefact that she is very young. She isan ambitious lady and at the close ofthe school went to New York to pursue her studies with the expectationof returning here this fall. She hadbeen there but a few weeks when Mr.Mann had .an onportunity of witnessing her romantic work. He ma,de hera nroposition which she accepted. sheis playing asan understudy to his .wife jFair Closed Saturday.The Bourbon County AgricultualAssociation closed a successful meeting Saturday afternoon. The fair wasetter in point of exhibits than everbefore. Nothing was lacking exceptthe "Midway' which always has itsattractions for the children and youngpeople, but the social features forwhich this fair is renowned were maintained. An interesting Drogram was prenared for the closing day. A shower otrain interfered with the Baby Show,which was conducted in the amphitheatre. There were four entries : EllaMay Maher, aged 13 months, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Maher, ofParis; Mary Bessie Columbia, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. George Columbia,near Tarr's Station ; Gertrude Gray, 9months, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.PrsGray, Tarr's Station ; Christine Plunkett, 13 months, daughter of Mr. andMrs. Leonard Plunkett. of Bourbon.The last named baby was awarded thepremium by the judges who were Mrs.W. R. Scott, "Mrs. C. Arnsparger andMrs. Olle Carter.SATURDAY'S AWARDS. 'Roadsters for Harness Best stallion 4 years old and oer Allie Jones,North Middletown, first.Best stallion 3 years old and under4 W. D .Mclntyre, Millersburg, first;Collins & Redmon, second.Best mare 4 years old and over J.R. Fagan, Brooksville, first.Best mare 3 years old and under 4J. F. Barbee, Millersburg, first.Best stallion, mare or gelding 2 yearsoldjand under 3 Richard Boardman,Little Rock, first; A Hie Jones, secondSweepstakes for Roadsters Beststallion, mare or gelding, any age J.R. Fagan, first; J. F, Barbee, secondH. S. Caywood; third.Combined Ring Best combined mareor gelding, any aee Shropshire & Matlack, first.New York Saddle Horse Best NewYork saddle mare or eeldincr, walk,trot and canter, over 15. 2 hands, tobe docked orjtail tied Shropshire &Matlack, first; Collins & Redmon. second. Trotting Bred Colt Best trottingbred colt under one year, either sex'by registeredjrotting stallion ClaudeSpears, Muir, first; Barbee Stock Farmsecond.Baby Show Prettiest girl baby ofBourbon county, under 20 months oldChristine Plunkett, thirteen monthsold. .Draft Horses Best stallion, 2 yearsold and over R. B. Hutchcraft, firstand second.Best mar3, 2-years old and over J.M . Caldwell, first and second.Best colt, either sex Forrest Letton, first ; A. P. Adair, second.Best pair geldings or mares shown tofarm wagon-J. M. Caldwell, Bourbon,first; Frank Collins, second.Rockaway Horse Best rockawaymare pr gelding, shown to rockawayHenry S. Caywood, first.Best model horse, mare or gelding,shown to halter W. C. MaBsie, Paris,first.Gentleman Rider Best gentlemanrider,riding to count 50 per cent; horseand appointments to count 50 per centE. L, Renaker.- HeavyHarness Horses Bast mareor gelding, 15.2 hands high and over,tail to be docked or tied J. B. Stewart. Lexington, first ; Caywood & Hamilton, second. Best stallion mare orgelding Shropshire & Matlack, first,second and third.New Record Made.Peter Billikin (3) 2 :16 1-4. owned byW. A. Bacon, of this city broke therecord for fast work on a three quartersof a mile track for the frittedthree-quarters of a mile on the trackof Douglas Thomas, near Paris. Thegreat Rhythmic once made the distanceover the track in 2:10. Mr. Bacon willnot start Peter Billikin this year butwill reserve him for the big stakesnext season. He is by Peter the Greatout of Baron Lassie by Baron Wilkes.Lay Juanita (1) 2:27 1-4, a full sisterof Peter Billikin, trotted a half overthe same track in 1 :06 3-4.Ashland Teachers to Meet.The Ashland District Teachers' Association, composed of twelve countiesof Kentucky, will hold their annualmeeting ini Georgetown on October 25and 26 Professor Jesse CrawfordWaller, of Georgetown, is presidentof the organization, Mrs. Narfnie G.Falconer, vice president and Miss Jennie Quinn, of Georgetown, secretaryand treasurer.The association is composed of thecounties of Fayette. Clark, Powell,Estill,- Scott, Bourbon, Woodford.Franklin, Owen, Henry, Oldham andLee. There will be addresses by representative speakers of this State andseveral adjoining ones on educationalsubjects. The meetings will be heldin the chapel of the Georgetown College. Burley Probe is Not Unikely.At the adjourned meeting of the tobacco glowers of 'Franklin county Saturday afternoon the committee reported in favor of not filing a suit againstthe Burley Society for an accountingunless enough growers would join inthe suit to make the cost to each sosmall that it would not amount to muchto each one.Only a small number attended themeeting, but some rather fieryspeeches were made in favor of forcing the Burley Society to make an accounting. Scott Brown, the representative of the society in that countysaid;the society was perfectly willingto have its books and accounts examined. Itwas the understanding when themeeting adjourned that if a sufficientnumber of growers from Franklin -andother Burley counties would agree tosharp the expenses of a suit, one wouldbe filed against the Burley , Society,but as no provision was made to haveany one aee the growers for that duipose no further steps will be. taken.whojs thastarof the company. The,play" they are now producing is "Elevating a Husband." They will visitCincinnati later in the season at whichtime the people of Millersburg. will begiven an opportunity of seeing MissyWalker. -,".- , '. Sttrm Data Muck Damaft.A violent electrical stoim. accompanied by high winds and hail awept overa portion of the county doing considerable damage. In some sections of thecounty heavy hail fell doing much damage to growing crops, particularlyuncut tobacco, which in several instance was stripped of leaves.The area covered by the hail however was very small, being not morethan half a mile wide and traveling ina Southern direction. The damagewas comparatively slight to what itmight have been had it not been thatmost of the tobacco in the path of 'thehail had been housed. Large hailstones are reported to have fallen insome sections of the county.During the storm lightning struck ahay stack on the iarm of Mr. B. B.Marsh, ear this city, completely destroying it. A bolt struck a chimneyon the residenceof Mr. T. J. Floraon Fifteenth street completely demolishing it, and was conducted into theresidence, severely shocking Mrs.Flora who was in the kilchen. Noserious damagewas done to the residence. Insure your Tobacco withTHOMAS & WOODFORD.Kind Words.Kind words are the music of theworld. They have a power whichseems to be beyond natural causes,as If they were some angel's songwhich had lost its way and come toearth. It seems as if they could almost soften the hard and angry heartsof men. No one was ever correctedby a Sarcasm; crushed perhaps if thesarcasm was clever . enough, buthelped never. F. W. Faber.Nature Is Perfection.One cannot improve on nature. Theuniversal is not to he corrected bythe partial.Consolidation of Schools.Mason county enjoys the distinctionof being the first county in the Stateto establish consolidated schools, whichwas accomplished through the efforts,of Miss Jessie O. Yancey, 'Superintendent of County Schools, and the advantages for higher education thus placedbefore the pupils of rural sen ols havemet with favor in various sections ofthe county. The opportunity is giventhem for "thorough feins-truction in thehigherjbranches, and the advancementthat has been made (Talong this line isan assurance that the consolidation ofschools is a precursor of great achievements for the future.UNCLE SAM'S MARKSMEN:TheiV Records Provo Them to Be theSest In the World.If thera is one big, distinguishingtrait of the United States regular it isindividuality. In every one of thegreat foreign military nations, particularly Germany and Japan, battalionand company officers and enlisted menare carefully trained not to think forthemselves. They are used as merechess pieces under the guidance, of amaster mind. In this country, whereour melting pot has yielded us an extraordinarily self reliant, cool thinking, intensely initiative product, it isonly natural that our soldiers shouldbe trained as are our civilians.The United States army spends annually on rifle target practice fivetimes the sum spent by any other army of an equal number of men. Thisapplies, too, to our field and coast artillery. As a result, no better marksmen can be found than the Americansoldier and his cousin, the nationalguardsman, who is trained along thesame lines. -.Every world's fire controland accuracy record with rifle and biggun is today held by the American soldier. The United States army is small,- inaccordance with the will of the peoplenot to support a large standing military establishment, but what we haveis almost 100 per cent efficient thesplendid nucleus of the big army ofregulars, militia and volunteers whichwe should place in the field if occasionrequired. It is only in equipmentquartermaster, commissary, medicaland particularly ordnance stores thatour army is lacking. Leslie's.NOTHING IS SOLID.Science Says Matter Is Just a Mass ofWhirling Electrons.Science is knocking the materialistsend for end, as the boys say. It is absolutely proVen that there is no suchthing as solid, substantive matter. Itis only motion. This stone, this table,this hammer is only motion. Somenewfangled idiotic idea, eh? "Well, it isknown that matter is composed of atoms. For a long time the atom wasthought to be the final analysis ofmatter.But such is not the case. A fewyears ago radium was discovered, andthat has broken the atom into smallbits 2,000 times smaller than the hydrogen atom, the smallest of all. Theseparticles of the atom ,are called electrons, and now it has been found thatthese electrons are mere points of electrical energy. "These electrons," saysa magazine article, "are entirely freefrom anything that can be properlycalled matter."Trillions and trillions of these electrons make up this piece' of iron, andthey are always in motion, flittingabout at the rate of 50,000 miles a second. Now you know there is a lieoutl How can a man calculate thesp"eed of an invisible motion inside ofan invisible atom? Oh, dear reader,you have no- idea how "big and deepthis world is, or how powerful humangenius is, or how small a space youoccupy in the world. Ohio-State Journal. ' .t - - rt-. - .1Ital Eitatt Traaifcrt.The following real estate taamfershave been filed for record in the officeof County Clerk Pearce . Faton :Avaline Winston to Hrriet Green,tract of land in Bourbon county, nearN orth Middletown 200.John A. and C. C. Larue to the L.& N. railroad, parcel of grouu inBourbon county, $1,000.Mrs. Mary E. Tarr to E. F. Soear3& Sons, Tarr Lumbr yardj in Pan's, land othr considerations.Amanda Wilson to the L& N. railroad, two parcels of ground in Bourbon county, 1,100.James S. Ayers, etc., to SteohenMoore, house and lot in Ruckerville$200.John b. Williams to Nannie Moore,lot of ground in Pan3, SI.Nannie Moore to John S. Williams,lot of rgound in Paris, $1.Addie A. McCIintock, etc., to ElmerFeeback, two acres of ground in Bourbon county, $450.W. T. Buckner to Chas.x Clark, stripof ground inBourbon county, 9.Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.Sunday Mail Deliveries.Business men and newspapers haveexpected serious inconvenience fromthenew law prohibiting the aeliveryofmail on'Sundavs, but plans have beenperfected by Postmaster GeneralHitchcock whereby the administrationof the new law will have no seriouseffect on the delivery of importantmail matter.Holders of lock boxes at first andsecond class postoftices will have access to them as usual, although no maildeliveries will be made on the street orat postoffice windows. Mail for hotelguests and newspapers will be delivered through their lock boxes by a simple arrangement of having more mailsortedfon the railway mail carsjbefureit teaches its destination.Such mail will be distributed immediately upon its arrival at the office ofdestination.This distribution will require a minimum of Sunday work and the distribution of "other mail received SundaywiH be made after midnight Sunday soit may be delivered by carriers ontheir first tour Monday.Kentucky Conference.This week will be a great time forthe Methodists and their friends inLDanville. The Kentucky Conierenceof the M. E. Church. South, will beheld in Danville jforjthe first time inthirty years. Over two hundred ministers and lay members composing theconference and three hundred visitorswill be there the entire week. TheRev. C. F. Wimberly, of MadisonviHe,will conduct the afternoon and eveningevangelistic services. BishoD J. H.McCoy, of Birmingham, will presideover the body. Ten or more youngmen will apply for admission and adozen or more will be ordained deaccn3or elders during the session. Manyspeakers of national prominence willmake addresses during the week.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES.Mr. Monte Fox shipped Fridayfrom Danville to New York 50 head ofas fine cattle as ever left Kentucky.Newt. ! Rankin, of Carlisle, shipped during the month of August sevencarloads of young mules to the Pennsylvania market. The consignmentsembracd five car loads of sucklingmules, for which Mr. Rankin paidfrom $35 to S135 per head, and two carloads of yearling mules that cost himfrom $118 to 125 per head.TUESDAY,SEPTEMBERLyman Howe'sTravel FestivalDeath-Defying Races in Air and Sea;Hydroplanetvs. Motor Boat.Paris, "The City Beautiful."Our Friends, the Bees."Sumptuous Palace of Versailles.Whaling;.And Many Others.Admissien, 25, 35 and 50 Cents.Seats onm ore's.sale at Mitchell & Blake-For Sale Privately.As attorney for the estateestate of Phillip Clay deceased, the undersignedwill sell privately thelate residence situatedon Second Street in theCity of Paris, Kentucky.Same contains 4 rooms,and lot fronts about 40feet on said street. Forfurther information inquire of..P. A. THOMPSON..Private School Opening.Mrs. Sutherland'sNPrivate School.will open Monday, September 9th.Classification of new pupils on September 3rd and 4th. - Number limited.2 0-6tPARSGRAND10V-r VIkjT --?'-- V?PLr i. j-