THE BOURBON NEWS.V5- J-"r -PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1912VMHHMW V WI Cleaning-Up-Sale IOPRemnants and Odds and Ends!As a result of a very successful January Sale, we haveheaps and piles of remnants of all kinds of goods Remnants of Dress Goods, Ginghams, Table Linens, Embroidery, Laces, Ribbons, etc., which we are going toclean up at remnant prices.Also we offer broken lines in all Ready-to-WearsSuits, Coats, Dresses, Waists, House Dresses, Muslin Underwear, slightly soiled, Solid Lace Curtains all these atprices that will clean them up promptly.All our Shoes to be closed out to discontinue thisdepartment.This is a sale that will appeal to every economicalwoman.Come early and get choice of the bargains.The Simon Department Store,LParts, KentuckyNOTE Spring Suits Arriving DailyJXJrieci and ounci SuiitofyOf Selling the Most GoodsPor the Least Money.16 lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.002 cans good Corn : 15cGood Bulk Coffee, per lb 22 1 -2cOld Reliable Coffee, per lb 30c2 1-2 lb. can Asparagus 20cFull qt. can Karo Syrup ' 1 OcNew' OrleansTSIolasses, perlrTTTrrTvrr. 4'5c8 bars Lenox Soap ' 25cLarge size Mackerel 1 O or 3 for 25cMedium size Mackerel 5 c3 boxes Matches 1 OcBLUE RIBBON BtLOUR25-lo Sack 70c50-lfo Sack $1 .401 OO-lb Sack S2.75Now, you cannot say that Paris is a high town ongrocers, for everybody is coming to Paris to trade atLenihan's Cash Grocery. They get the same goods forless money.T. C. LEMIHAIN,Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234Im . ' jjm Spring Opening jjmmopnng openingTo-day and WednesdayMerchant TailoringDepartmentPRI6& & 60. GloMiers500 Woolens on DisplayYou Are Cordially Invited ,vuntil thehe wouldWholesale Arrests.More than forty of the fifty-fourmen indicted by the Federal grandjury for conspiracy in connection withdynamiting outrages were arrestedWednesday. Prank M. Ryan, uresident of the International Associationof Bridge and Structural ron Workers,who is accused, issued a statement!declaring- he was innocent.Hood Investment. .In 1897 the forty acres in the oldfair grcunds, sold for 7,300. Ud todate over $40,000 worth of lots haveoeen soia ana over nait ot it still incan be sold at 500 per cent profit. Whyrot try a tract m Kassenfoss' subdivision on Eiehth strepf. and fionrwo.'town pike, it is only one-half the.distance fora center of town".Bourbon's Oldest Citizen Dead, fMr. John W. Thomas, the oldestcitizen of Bouroon county, and one ofthe most prominent, died at the homeof his granddaughter, Mrs. Leer Stout,on Seventh street yesterday morningabout 1 o'clock, after an illness ofseveral months, due to his advancedage.Had Mr. Thomas livedtwenty-ninth day. of Aprilhave rounded out his ninety-third year,and although advanced in age, untilthe illness which proved his last.hewasexceedingly active and referred withpride to the many years he had passedin this life.Mr. Thomas was a native of Bourbon county and descended fromViiginiastock, his grandfather, WilliamThomas, emigrating to Kentucky in1896, settling in Bourbon county. Hisfather, John Thomas, was born inVirginia in 1786 and came to Kentuckywitn his parents, when this state wassparsely settled, at the age of tenyears.Mr. Thomas was bcrn near NorthMiddletown, where the greater part onhis life ws spent upon the old homeplace, settled by his forefather. Before lie moved to Paris, which waamore than twenty-five years ago, hewas actively engaged in the pursuit ofagriculture upon his farm of threeHundred and sixty acres, and hiscareer was one of remarkable success.Being an admirer of horses, Mr.Thomas was engaged in the breedingof blooded stock and bred and raisedthe noted trotting horse, KentuckyPrince, who after showing the wonderful gait of 2:32, which was regardpdas nothing short of reraarable at thattime, and there being no other of animal flesh in the state that equaled hisrecord, brought forth a flattering offerfor the animal, and he parted with himreluctantly at the handsome figure of$10,800. His owner afterwards declined an offer of $25,000 for the horse.Mr. Thomas served as Magistratefrom the North Middletown precinctfor one term, qualifying on the thirdof June, 1867, and from which he earned the title of squire, by which he wasfamiliarly known. He was probablychosen more than any other man inBourbon county, where matters concerning a division of property were involved, which was due to excellentjudgment and fairness in all cases.Some thirty years ago Mr. Thomasmade a division of his property amonghis children, and lived many years tosee them enjoy that which he had bestowed upon them. Moving to thiscity from North Middletown he wasactively engaged in tne purchase oftobacco from which he profited handsomtly and was widely known as oneof the foremost tobacco men of theState.Until recently he has been veryactive for one of his years, and'it wasseldom, when the weather permitted,he was not seen upon the streets conversing with his may friends. Heenjoyed the best of health, neversuffering from the slightest indisposition, and in many respects was amost remarkable man.Mr. Thomas was twice married. Atthe age of twenty he was united inmarriage to Miss Eliza Jane Kerr,daughter of Harvey Kerr, of Bourboncounty His first wife died on Septembre 13, 1840, leaving one son, E. K.Thomas, who survives his father, thenonly ten daays old. His second wifewas Miss Margaret Kerr, a cousin ofhis first wife, to whom he was unitedin marriage in lmz mis union wasblessed with seven children, two sousand five daughters, all of whom survive, with one exception.Six years ago.the second wife passedto her reward and following her death,Mr. Thomas disposed of his residenceproperty on Higgins avenue, and tookup his residence with his daughter,Mrs. Gandace Smith, and granddaughter, Mrs. Leer Stout. Mr. Thomascontinued quite, active, although theweight of years began to tell heavilyupon his well-preserved boy and aboutthree months ago was seized with theillness that sapped his energy and wasdestined to bring his career to an end.Mr. Thomas was a member of theChristian church professing religiousfaith about three years ago.He is survived by seven childrenthree sons, E. K., Douglas and J. W.Thomas, Jr., of this city; Mrs. Jos. R.Darnall, of MsKinney, Texas; Mrs.Emma Thmaos, Decatur, Tex., Mrs.Alma Adair, of Cincinnati and Mrs.Candace Smith, of Paris.The funeral will be held from theresidence or Mr. jueer stout onSeventh street this afternoon at 2:30o'clock, conducted by Elder J. T. Sharrard. Burial will take place in Pariscemetery. The pall-bearers will be asfollows :Active C. M. Thomas, BennetThomas, Wm Grimes, P. P. Walker,Clarence K. Thomas, Douglas Thomas,Jr., Chae. Adair and Leer Stout.Honorary J. Will Bedford, J. D.McClintock, W. H. McMillan, J. THinton, W. T. Talbott, T. J. Judy,Judge H. C. Smith.r JMMMMM tt jMMjjjjfr Jfil'l Ki'Si mmmm MBAiWe Are Now Offering SpecialonWinUverercoats; andSuitsCome in and SeeDr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesThey Are the Proper Kind For Spring.to4?Mitchell & Blakemore,IOutfitters to MenParis, KentuckyiiiiiiiilBii WW BiSSiiiiir:FRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.Special ReductionsOn AllWINTER GOODS20 Ladies' and Misses' Suits, Choice$5.00 Each. . Values Up To $25.00 ;GOATS AND FURSAt Big Price Reductionsii: -Ii MBe sure and take a look at our Remnant Tables Big;Bargains to be iound in all kinds of Yardage Goods.9? Frank & Co.Paris, Kentuckyas mKrillEllli:llll1IIIIIII'lll.iIIIUEI't'!;!llllllllllllf IlllUllllltllllmimi llirilllllllll!11ll!7lllilttIlllltllHltllli Mlt)iriirnriiiiiii.tria lllinrtiil nil I II.il 11.111111.1 .i.wi.i.n.r.-i if -' ilium mi tin '-"-.atlllllillliaill II I'll'lllfUHHl II VI PH.mmmmmmmmmmmmmmeTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB. 16, 1912FREE FOR STOMACH AND BOWELSWe are in receipt of letters from"Mrs. Eva Gaskins, 304 Madison St.,Topeka, Kan., and Mr. P. H. Gavellas, Wagoner, Okla., as well as manyothers, telling about the wonderful results they have secured in the cure oftheir stomach and liver troubles bythe use of Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin. This remedy, as all readers doubtless know, has been before the publicfor a generation and is now being:more extensively used than any otherremedy for stomach, liver and bowel'complaints. According to reliable testimony, it seems to be a very quickand lasting cure for constipation, indigestion and dyspepsia, liver trouble,biliousness, headaches, sour stomach, gas on the stomach, drowsinessafter eating and similar disorders. Itis a liquid with tonic effect, and so-DoumonDAVIS & FUNK, Props.anTelephone No. 4.IiBourbonParis, Kentucky.LooaxidLa,The Fastest Son of AEIerton 2:09Sived by Allerton 2:09X, the world's leading sire of standard performers;dam Katharina (great brood mare), by Alcyone 2:27; second dam Katie-Jackson; by Almont 33. Holder of world's pacing record, yz miles, 3:15XTERMS: $50 TO INSURE A LIVING FOAL.Peter BillikenSon of Peter The"VWinnerof 6-heat race against aged horses.Terms: $50 to Insure a Living Foal.r(2) 2.19Sire, of Black Wig 2:07, Remorseful 2:08, Dorcas II. 2:08, Betsy G.'2:10, Katherine A. 2:11 (Ky Futurity winner 1902), Bessie Brown 2:i2K,Nedra W. 2cl4K, Rena Wise 2:15, Sheeney 2:15, Wig Wag 2:16X, (champion of Europe) Durgee 2:19, and twenty-three others in 2:30 list.$25 To Insure a Living Foal.Tom HVEstois-The celebrated James E. Clay jack, will make the season at Maplehurst StockiFarm. Tomjtfack is the best breeder of mules that euer stood in the county.$12 to Insure, a Living Foal.W. A. BACOfN, Paris, Ky.'One of the Many Popula-Shapes That We Are Showing."A. moderately priced one, too.If. you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsrk-i f rv Tan-every woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Hot and ColdBATHS'Hot and coldj baths. vEverything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetirade. No long waits. You are nextM. A. KAHAL.mild and gentle in action that a childas well as a grown person can take it,in fact, it has no equal for children,women and old people.It arouses the flow of gastric juice,and by a peculiar action trains thestomach and bowel muscles to againdo their work naturally, and in timemedicines of all kinds can be dispensed with. A free sample bottlecan be had for trial by sending youraddress to the doctor, for in thisway Mrs. Gaskinds, Mr. Gavellas andmany others first learned of the cure.Later, when satisfied it is the remedyyou need, do as others are doing andbuy it of your druggist at fifty centsand one dollar a bottle.For the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building,Monticello. 111.. MlLaunaryitOffice Opp. Postoffice. W&A P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the resfc ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get yonr laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.SI?00Laundry,2:02(3) 2:16 1-4Great 2:07,Cement For Sale.We have a few barrels of first classcement left that we will sell below themarket price.PAKIS LUMBER & M'F'G. CO..TOBACCOHAULINGWe are prepared to haulTobacco to the markets atany point. No crop toolarge. We can furnish teamsand wagons.TRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Eighth Street Both Phones.To My Friends and HomePeople:I have started a Magazine andNewspaper Agency. Lowestprices on all Magazines in circulation. I ask for your ordersand help in getting them fromyour friends.Sincerely,Mrs. Rosa V. Wallingfqrd.By Way oi Comparison.While 30,000 men, women and children mill workers at Lawrence, Mass.,were out of worn because of a striketo pretent a cut in their S6, $7 and $8a week wages, Mrs. Evelyn Walsh McLean, mother of the baby that is heirto $100,000,000, gave a $35,000 dinnerto 50 guests at Washington, theration's capital.The hostesB at this banquet worediamonds that actually cost more thanhalf a million dollars. In her hair wasdisplayed the famous "Hope'7 diamond,which cost $180,000, and at her throatanother celebrated gem, "Star of theEast," which is even larger than theHope diamond. The cost per plate atthe McLean dinner was $700. One itemin the expense was for 4,000 yellow1 i 11 ins imported from abroad at $2each.One of tne highest paid mill workersat Lawrence would have to work 84years to earn the cost of that banquet.The earnings of a dozen mill workersfor a century would not purchase thegems worn by Mrs. McLean. A Lawrence worker 0 would have to labortwenty years to pay for the yellowlillies alone.The strike of the men, women andchildren at Lawrence, and the $700 aplate dinner at Washington, is a striking example of conditions existing junder a system of excessive protection iin the year of our Lord 1912. Neitherthe Lawrence strike nor the McLeandinner are exceptions. They are butsamples of many similar illustrationswhich cculd be cited if spac- pat:.- itted. Only recently Win. M. Wood thehead of the woolen trust, whose employes are now on a strike at Lawrence, was arrested for knocking downand running ever a pedestrian withhis automobile. When arraigned incourt he wat asked how many automobiles he owned, and his reply was thathe did not know. Imagine a man sorich that he doesn't know how manyautos he has on hand.Fortunes which make it possible forone woman to wear half a million dollars worth of diamonds at onetime.andwhich enabled a man to own so mayautomobiles that he could not keeptrack of them, necessarily comethrough the power to place an 'artificial price on the things which thecommon people must have in ordtr tolive.It is significant in this connection,that the tariff, the cost of living, $700a plate dinners everything hut theworkingman's wageshave increasedhand in hand, revealing the intimaterelationship of one to the other."The Story of the Exira Session"Congressman Ebenezer J. Hill,standpat protectionist of Cohnecticutt,made a speech in the House recentlywhich he considered a gem. He extolled the Payne-Alrdich law to the skies,proclaiming in a loud voice it had nothing to do with the high prices. Mr.Hill thought so well of his speech' thathe named it "The Story of the ExtraSession," and sent it broadcast amonghis constituents, asking them to readit and to comment upon it. Some ofthe comments, however, were not !what Mr. Hill expected. The following comment sent in from a resident ofStratford, Conn., for instance, musthave been a severe jolt to Mr. Hill'sstandpat nerves :"My wife and I came to New Yorkby steamer, having with us seven yardsof serge cloth, which was to be madeinto a dress for my wife. This clothcost in London $11.90, and was declared dutiable by the customs officers. Onthose seven yards of cloth I was obliged to pay a double duty a duty on theweight and a duty on the value 44cents a pound ana 55 per cent advalorem. These duties amounted toS9.24, making the cost of the $11.90article $21.14."A tax like this is unjust and excessive, and cannot be defended. Ifthis is a sample of the provisions oEthe present tariff law 1 am not surprised at the universal dissatisfactionthat prevails with regard to it, and Ihope the Democrats will succeed inchanging this law with some regardfor the interest of the consumrs."A Pertinent Question.There are great men who cannotspell, and small people who object tothem. "Spell 'cat, " said the teacherto the boy at the tail end of the class."K-a-t," replied the boy. "Silly," replied the teacher. "Can't you spellcat?" "Well," replied the sensibleboy, "what does k-a-t spell?"Squab and Quail.Many prefer squab to quail because the meat is not so dry, and Isalways sure to be tender. The chiefadvantage, however, is in the fact thatwhen you eat squab it isn't necessaryto pause several, times while pickingout a bunch of bird shot from yoursore teeth. Wellington (Kan.) News.Would I-fave Preferred Cheese.Rats in Washington ate up over$2,000 worth in bills, but we are of theopinion that if they had been givenan option in the matter they wouldhave preferred to have had it incheese.Gives Wonderful Demonstration.The ' Cincinnti Enuirer of Wednesday contained the following :"With a live dog to demonstrate themethod, Dr. 'LB. Merrill Ricketts, ofthe Academy of Medicine last night;showed the value of a little instrument that promises to be a valuableaddition to the means of saving humanlives. In the short space of less thantwo years it is already credited withtwenty lives that" would have beensnuffed out if it had not been called intorequisition. In a broad sense, it workson the principle of a pneumatic sweeper, and is as simple in its character. Inall cases where there has been a collapse of the lungs from stab or gunshot wounds it haB proved efficacious."Witn its aid surgery of ..the lungsand heart, and search for foreignbodies in the trachea and bronchialtubes are made possible. As a meansof resuscitation in 3ases of drowning,asphyxiation, shock, anestheisa andpoisonin? it will work wonders, and inthe opinion of Dr. Ricketts ought tobe installed in every life-saving station,hospital, engine-house and in the public schools."After Dr. Ricketts had placed thedug under the inquence of ether hedemonstrated how it was possiole thatthe interior portion cf the chest couldbe removed and the respiration maintained indefinitely with the apparatus,a rubber tube being pushed throughthe animals mouth into the trachea,the machine doing the breathing forthe canine,"Dr. Ricketts is well known in thiscity, from where the eminent surgeonha3 had many patients in the past fewyears. ,COUNTESS IS SUED FOR DEBTLondon Money Lender Asks WomanFriend of King Edward toRepay $25,000.London. The Countess of Warwick,one of the closest friends of the lateKing Edward, has been sued by aformer London saloonkeeper for $25,000, and only the intervention of powerful influences ' has kept the casefrom coming up publicly in court. Thesuit shows that the countess was thevictim of a huge swindle in her dealings with Hooley, the former Londonlinancier now bankrupt.A climax to the countess' troublescame when she no longer had a kingto guide her in her attempt to re-habilitate her fortunes in an Americanvood pulp company. It is rumoredthat the countess, who declares shewas swindled to the extent of $250,000,may go to 'America to look after herown business interests.Meanwhile the British publican declares he must be satisfied. The publican's name is Aj Paine, who branched out from liquor dispensing to lending money and forming half a dozenindustrial enterprises.As applied to the Countess of Warwick, Paine avers:"After calling on me she frequentlyordered a special train to convey herto her home at Warwick Castle, asregular trains were not on time fortea. The price for the special trainwas borrowed."Troubles May' Be Avoided.Many of the troubles of life are dueto lack of discipline and etfort.For The Nervous Woman,Or the woman who experiences hot flashes nothing is so good to soothe, qu:V.and calm the nervous system as a pure glyceric extract of native medical plants.,and made without alcohol, which has been sold by druggists for the past fortyears, and most favorably known as Doctor Pierce's Favorite Prescription. Jcyounger years some women suffer from dizziness, or fainting spells, hysteria,headache, bearing-down feelings and pain. All these symptoms of irregularityand female disturbance are relieved by the use of this famous Prescription "cf Doctor Pierce. . " rAs a powerful, invigorating tonic " Favorite Prescription imparts streng-Ato the whole system, and in particular to the organs distinctly feminine.11 la uu kacciicui.- -T3HE3. McDonald. Dr. Pierce's PlczszrtGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMS AIMER.BOTH 'PHONES DAT 13 7; NIGHT 399.sThe Best is noneandma ke the Women happy.Dodson & DentonPARIS. KY.East Tenn. Telephone Co,INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North JMiddletown, Little Rock anRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service.' 'The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedNOTICETOBUTCHERS AND FARMERS!Market Price I am Paying ForHides:Beef, Hides, 10 1-4 to 11 1-2Cents per lb.MAX MUNICK,8th Street, PARIS, KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 374JRnnie EangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtfEast Tenn. Phoe 669LOWRY & TALBOTTParis. KentTJLoicvALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.for over-tvoriceu, wum-uui, u "wuimaieateachers, milliners, dressmakers, seamstresses, " shop-girls,"house-keepers, nursing mothers, and feeble women generallj,upk.i""0 - -.nJ rafrraniHinn " TOT?tt "MTnS T.VTIT4 "M7'TVald, of Mecosta, Mich., Route 1. I had nervous chills and numb speflt""d they would leave me very weak. Then I had inflammation and tbidoctor said I had a floating kidney. I doctored seven months with ourfamily physician. He said I would have to have an operation. Then Istopped taking his medicine. After takinj? three bottles of Dr. Picrce'amedicines I have not had any nervous chills or weak spells. I am betterthan for years. ... ,''My daughter is now taking1 the Prescription' and Dr. Pierce'sGolden Medical Discovery, also the 'Pellets for nervousness and weak,tired feeling. These remedies have helped her ever so much in a shorttime. We have great faith in year medicines for female troubles."Pcllziz iaducc mild natural bowel moveaicsc.too good for you.NEW - BARBER SHOP !Modern Equipment,4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDJoe. G. Mitchell,Against fire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies. Phone 162Agent.will not be yours unless youhave .a parlor stove as artisti'cas it is serviceable. Have alook at the stoves in this hardware ' store. Tliey are brightand attractive and really betterheat makers than the ugliestold stove you ever saw. Pre.ttiness costs nothing, either.Plain stoves cannot be boughtcheaper.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB 16. 1912.PUBLIC SALE-OFREAL ESTATEs : And Personal Property t tocated in and Around the City Limits of Paris, Ky., onWednesday, Feb. 21, 1912,, v '. -i i i ii iimiiiibwii Miwwww ii rrAt 10 o'clock a. m.Having sub-divided my farm, I will offer at publicERVE, tbe following tracts :Tract No. 1 contains 2 acres.Tract No. 2 contains 3 acres. - - - -Tract No. 3 contains 3 acres. "Tract No. 4 contains 3 acres. , TTract No. 5 contains 4 acres. . ' Y 'Tract No. 6 contains 5 acres.Tract No. 7 contains 5 acres.All fronting on Georgetown pike.Tract No. 8 contains 10 Y2 acres.Tract No. 9 contains 14 acres.Above two tracts have a 30 foot road to Georgetown pike.Tract No. 10 contains 42 acres, fronting on Georgetown pike.Said tract has a four-room cottage, good cistern, tobacco barn, 48x74 ft,,-o other outbuildings, all in good repair.14 building lots on Eighth street, 40x200 feet each.1 three-room house, stock barn and three acres of land on Gano street.At the same time and place I will sell the following personal property:4 extra good young Jersey cows, fresh ;2 sows and pigs, 7 shoats,"l extra good young male hog;2 2-horse wagons. 1 set wagon harness, 1 mower, 1 disc harrow, 1 Aa: row, plows, cultivators, etc.500 locust fence posts, 25 large 10-ft. gate and end posts, locust.7,000 tobacco sticks, and many other things too numerous to mention.TERMS On real estate, one-third cash, balance in three equal pay-,nts. due in 1, 2 and 3 years, with lein on note, bearing interest at 6 pernt, or if purchaser desires to pay all cash, will allow a discount of 2 peri-nt. on deferred payments.On personal property, all sums of 20 and under, cash, all sums over thisnount, 4 months -with bankable note without interest.Sale at 10 o'clock sharp.Free Lunch and Burgoo. vGEO. RASSEINFOSS.For further information, address Harris & Speakes, Paris, Ky.Col. Geo. D. Speakes, Auct.PUBLIC SALE Of A FINE f ARM,Stock, Crop, Farming Implements, Etc.On Saturday, February 1 7 at 1 0 a. m.,on the premises, I will sell at public outcry, to the highest bidder, my farmof 121 acres, situated four miles from Millersburg, Ky., on the Headquarters and Summit Station turnpike.The farm is situatsd 8 miles from Carlisle, and 1 yz miles from Headquarters, and is one of the best farms in this section, being highly productive and all good tobacco land. It contains 45 acres of Blue Grass sod, 20acres in timothy, 14 acres good clover, balance in high state of cultivation.It has an abundance of water.The improvements consist of a residence of six rooms, two porches andhas a smal1 tenant house, cabin, large tobacco barn, stock barn, corn crib,carriage house, meat house, hen house, spring house, large spring and splendii orchard. All outbuildings are in first-class repair.This is a very desirable farm, located in a good farming district, anil anyne in the market for a farm should not fail to attend this sale.At the same time and place, I will sell the following stock, crop and implements: 2 brood mares, good workers, 1 6-year-old mare, Red Cloud and Kingstock, with foal by King Chieftain ;1 5-year-old mare, with foal by Fair Promise;1 4-year-old mare, 1 3-year-old mare. 1 3-year-old gelding;2 stud colts by Bourbon Chief, coming 2-year-olds ;2 yearling stud colts, one of them by Fair Promise;1 extra good milk cow, 4 years old ;4 brood sows and pigs, 13 shoats, will weigh 100 pounds;1 Poland China bDar;37 sheep with lambs;Some timothy hay in barn ;1 McCormick Binder, 1 McCormick Mower, 1 McCormick Hay Rake, 1new Disc Harrow, 1 Cbeck Rower, 2 Wagons, 1 Sled. 1 Buggy, about 14,000Tobacco Sticks;Some household goods, and many other things too numerous to mention.TERMS On personal property, $25 and under cash, over .this amount, 6months, with good note ab 6 per cent, interest.On farm, one-third cash, balance in two equal payments, due in one andtwo years, with 0 per cent, interest, and lien retained on land for deferredpayments, purchaser to have privilege of paying a greatet amount, or alli ash if he so desires. Possession given March 1, 1912.JSE.For further information, addressGeo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.Public SaleOFDESIRABLESUBURBAN HOMEOn Thursday, Feb, 29, 1912,at 1 o'clock, p. m.I will sell at nublic auction on thepremises in ISast Paris,treet, my home place,at 256 Mainconsisting ofabout ten acres of land, with all necesary improvements thereon, a large"wo story brick house with nine roomsvA halls, porches, large cellars, bathr,3om, hot and cold water upstairs andI nvn, electric lights and fixtures, meat.ouse, chicken houses, buggy andarriage house, cistern, etc.TERMS Made known on day of sale.Prospective purchasers are invitedto call and inspect the premises.At the same time "and place will also- il publicly one Holl&day buggyi onebarouche and a lot of household furniture. MRS. SALLIE C. McMILLAN.Paris, KyFOR RENT.Three room house for rent in Shaw-nan.WM. G. KELLY.FOR RENT.1 have for rent or will lease for aterm of years the best livery and salebarn in Paris, Kentcuky. Situatedcorner Second ani Main streets, opposite Vindsor Hotl, pesseession givenJan. 1, 1912. E. T.P hone 198.J. H. BUTLER.12 tf Paris, . Ky;sale, WITHOUTHarrris & Speakes, Paris, Ky.eotNOTICEM.iry E. Griffith's Exor. - - Plaintiffvs. NoticeHer Legatees, etc. DefendantsAll persons having 'claims againstthe estate of Mary E. Griffith, deceased, are hereby notified and directed topresent them, proven as is required bylaw to the undersigned Special Commissioner, at his la otnee in the .cityof Paris, Ky.. on or, before I the firstday of March, 1912; and. that theundersigned will be at the abovenamed office from this rdate until thehrst day oi March, l)iz to receivesaia.claims.U. A. IVlCMlijJLiflJN,Special Commissoiner Bourbon CircuitCourt.Professional CardsJ J. WILiXjIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-L AW .Room 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.E T 136Office Phones j H'ome( E. T. 334.Home 334.ResidenceDR. A. H , KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices,IRooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParish - KentuckyFOR -SALE.At'once 2. wash stands, 2 dressers, 1wMdrobe, 2iron beds, several yards.linoleum. Api?ly :at News office. -The Famous Boarding HouseEvery progressive keeper separatesthe light-colored honey from the darl:fall honey.Unless the birdable the ax is thesick chicken.is extremelypest remedyvain-,for aThe cow that is allowed to fall offin her milk flow is seldom made to regain it at a profit.Skimp your sheep on good pastureand they will skimp you on mutton.Works both ways.Rabbits do great damage to youngtrees during winter, especially whensnow covers the ground.The use of fruit is a great helptoward keeping in good health, andmore of it should Toe grown.It's a mistake to expect the miraculous or abnormal from your cows. Better make them work naturally.If sows are expected to raise a falllitter, it is best to wean the springpigs at from 8 to 10 weeks old.When there is good stuff in the feedbox the heifer soon learns to be agood barn cow when nighty comes.Do not tiy to winter the cows without grain. Wheat bran, corn-rajaland oil-meal will be found valuable.Sheep are comfort lovers and theman who neglects to provide themwith good, diT shelter makes a costlyerror.Irregularity in feeding that is, agood ration one day and a p'oor onethe next, will play havoc .with the bestof cows.Peach trees can be planted any timebetween last and first frost; theearlier in the winter they are plantedthe better.KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."Hourly Hierh Speed ThroughHigh SpeedService.ParisLexington FrankfortDivision.Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort every hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m.,and at 10 p. m., the last car goingonly as far as Versailles.Car5? leave Lexington for Versaillesand Frankfort, and for Paris everyhour on the hour from (5 a. m. until7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p. in., thelast car going only as far as Versailles. Cai's leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington and Paris everv thirtyminutes after tbe hour from 6:30 a.m. until 7:30 p. m., and at 10:30 p.m., the last car going only as Jaras Lexington.GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTONNICHOLASVILLEDivisionCars leave Georgetown for Lexingtonand Nicholasville every forty-fiveminutes after the hour 'from 5:45 a.m. until (5:45 p. m., and 8:05 and10:05 p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetownevery hour on the hour from fi a. muntil 7 p. m. and at 9 and It p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville every thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 p.m. and at 9:30 p. m. and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville for Lexington and Georgetown every fifteenminutes after the hour from 6-:l5 a.m. until 2:15 p. m. and 10:15 p. m.Daily Fast Freight, Service BetweenParis, Lexington, Versailles, Frankfort, Georgetown, and -all lntermediate Points.- Freight Agent's Tel-phones: Old Phone. .309, Newnone, isuy.Scene in "The Country Boy," aWhile the orchard is coming intobearing try vegetable growing as aside line. This makes one of thesurest and best resources of income.It will pay to buy wheat bran tomix with the barley or corn meal forfeeding cows. Bran and barley mealhalf and half makes good meal formilk.The best roosting-place for youngturkeys is on branches of trees. Theywill not suffer from exposure, andthe open life will make them strongand healthy.Some milkers handle the teats as ifthey were made of rubber and devoidof all feeling; but, strange to say,there are nerves in the udder whichare very sensitive.We like to see the cows approachtheir master in the yard to bescratched and petted. It shows thatthey are used to kind treatment andare not afraid of him.In the feeding of live stock there isa chance for a large leak and yethave it unknown. The most economical feed is the one that supplies theanimal's needs at the least expense.The safest bull the dairj man-canuse is generally a cross buil. At llrsttins may seem a strange assertionThe reason, however, is simple. Thebull that is known to be cross will always be watched. On ihe otliyr .anl,it is easy to put too much confidencein a tame bull that may suddenly become cross.Purse With Money in a Cod.A housekeeper at Queenstown, Ireland, constabulary barracks whilecleaning a codfish about 30 pounds inweight discovered inside the fish apurse containing a number of silvercoins of the reign of Queen Victoria.The purse was of leather, steel boundand In good preservation. It also contained some inscribed paper, whichwas reduced almost to pulp.PUBLICOFStock, farm Implements,Ere.Having decided to quit farming, Iwill sell at public auction, at myfather's place on the Bethlehem pikeabout f onr miles from Paris, onThursday, Feb. 22, 1912,at ten o'clock a. m., the followingstock and farm implements:1 team horse mules, 7 and 8 yearsold;1 team horse mules, 6 to 7 years old;1 horse mule, 6 years old;'1 horse mule, 14 years old;These mules are about 16 hands highand are extra good workers;1 8 year old mare by Blue Chester,in foal to Red McDonald; and one extranice driver;1 colt, by Taylor Simmons:117 ewes, bred to lamb in March ;2 cows "with young calve;14 sows, bred to farrow in March;1 Duroc boar; t1 Poland China' boar;70 &0-lb, shoats:1 Moyer rubber-tired buggy;1 break cart;1 Old Hickory wagon and bed;1 StudebaKer wagon and bed ;1 wagon frame;1 10-disc Hoosier drill;2 Deering binders.;1 Randall harrow;1 smoothing harrow;3 steel beam Vulcan breaking plows;1 wooden beam Vulcan breakingplow;2 Brown Walking cultivators;1 Brown riding cultivator;. 1 Avery walking cultivator;1 Black Hawk corn planter;1 bull rake;1 Deering mower;12 hog houses, on runners;300 shocks of fodder;Some corn;Six sets of wagon and plow gears;1 set buggy harness;1 Chicago horse-clipping machine;1 grind stone, etc., etc.TERMS All sums of $25 and undercash. Over that amount a credit ofsix months will be allowed on oodbankable note, bearing interest at therate of six per cent per annum fromday of sale until paid.LLOYD ASHURST; JR.,R. F. D. No. 8, Paris, Ky,.,Homev phone 519.M. F. KENNEY. Auctioneer..,31jan-td . . .. 1Comedy of City Life, at ParisSTOCK. CROP AND FARM NOTES!Late sown wheat in Garrard countyis said to have sjffered greatly fromfreezes. Ear:y wheat passed throughthe frigid period with little injury.Barak Smith, of Scott county, Instnearly 100 hogs in the past few daysfrom cholera. He estimates his lossat $1,000.Brennan & Gay sold their crop oftobacco raised on the farm of the Mr.Brennnan near llennev Station, at 141-2 cents per pound straight, deliveredat Lexington.Guy Axworthy, 2:03 3-4, leased byUnited States Senator J. W. Bailey todo service at his stud near Lexington,has arrived at the Bailey farm. Hewasjone of the fastest four-year-oldsof his day. 'II.T.hasHopkins, ofsold his cropNicholasof 50,000county,rnnndB nf fnhnn tn w r (fame fSharpsburg, at prices ranging from 7ihuse bird soon comes round to his.io 9 cents per pcund. The general I work. He is not cross or ill naturecfaveragebeing about 8 cents per pound if treated kindly, as a rule, andmakes-Several head of cattle belonging a tractable mount. Sometimes theyto Squire John C. Trimble, of Montgomery county, got into his tobacco ibarn recently and ate a large quantity Lof the weed. As a result three of themdied and several others are in a verydangerous condition.TT P f ixiauns oi opeanes conouctea a saieiof stock and farming implements Tuesday for John Bron on the Cane Ridgepike. Cows brought from $40 to $62.50.Hocrs sold we 1. four hrnnrl qnw.x soldfor an average price of S25. Horseswentcheap. Farmingimplementssold well.The crowd was small.At' Frankfort Monday Commissioner of Agriculture issued an official callfor a State Farme;s' Intsitute inFrankfort February 27,28 and 29, andall farmers whether delegates or not,are cordially invited to attend. February 28 will be ladies day, snd notedlecturers on woman's place in agricul- ,ture aud home improvement have been isecured.CARLISLE COURT.-The Advocate reports the Carlisle court as follows: "Monday was a very busy "dayin Carlisle. Public speakings bvPresident Lebus and others, the month- jly meeting of the farmers union andsale day at' the Farmem' Loose Leaf.The three together drew a larerecrowd osside the regular court day at-tendance in siock buyers and traders."The Carlisle City Council has beenpetitioned by the Nicholas CountyBoard of Control forx permission toerect on its property near Carlisle, ?loose leaf tobacco sales warehouse, aredrying plant, and a storage plantThis, plan was adopted at a meeting of!tne Nicholas Lounty Board of Controlheld at Carlisle Monday, and it wasdecided to begin work as soon as permission could be secured and theweather houlrl permit such work tobegin. There is a movement on, footto build another loose leaf warehouseand a redrying plant in Carilsle.i A reoresentative of thp Tlpnnrf-ment of Agriculture at Washington I hospital with his jaw broken by the. was in Frankfort last week confer- j kick of a dead horse he was burying-ring with Commissioner Newman, of He was helping his neighbor, Milkman. the State Agricultural Department, in James Ford, to drag the departeds: reference to the government aiding 'beast to its grave. He pulled, but-luo ... v ,f ; . 1 laini-tne. Tll.n nmniinf fdo nvnvnmonfappropriate depends upon the amount, the State appropriates for tKe purpose., AuilJis now pending in the Legis-; lature and if it passes the government: will contribute an amount somethinglike $10,000 annually to encourage' boys' corn clubs and to be used in dis-i tributing literature to farmer boys1 throughout the State,i! The campaien for signers to the1 Tl 1 . 1curiey society s ten-year-pool wascarried forward Monday with addresses ' must do for another season and theyat a number of tovvn3 in various parts are too sun-worn in the middlo tc-.ot the Burley belt by representativesI t o." o uk rr"Iue"6Berryman and H. S. Weaver at Carlisle ; Vice President A. L. Fergusonand Lister Witherspoon at Shelbyville,and Editor M. A. Bourne, of the Owen-ton News-Herald, at Owingsville. Thegrowers took great interest in the pro-posea pooi ana tne nouse to nouse can- jvass for signatures will be begun next iivionoay, renruary iy. lvjany growers;signed the pledges Monday after the:addressEs and the Burley Society officials feel greatly encouraged over the jprospect. The pool will close March 1, :and the Burley Society officials are 'making every possible effort to getsignatures before that time. !Parson's Poem a Gem.From Rev. H. Stubenvoll. AHison.Ia . in praise of Dr. King's New LifePills:"They're such a health ne'eS!frIn every home these pills should be.If other kinds you've tried in v.ii 1,USE DPv. KING'S . " -And ba well again. ' -- Only 25c at DberdorEerrsr . .- ' 'j f .rf , fr - - -Grand, Wednesday, feb. 21OSTRICH IS BROKEN TO RIDENot Difficult or Dangerous to "Break.Big Rooster Bird to theSaddle.Los Angeles, Cal. In Californiathere are several large ostrich farms,where hundreds of these big plumagebirds are hatched, raised, and keptfor the commercial value of theirfeathers. Quite often some of 4hemale ostriches are broken to ride, assmay be seen by the accompanying illustration. This scene is shown orrone of the large ostrich farms located near Los Angeles.As a general thing it does not provea difficult or dangerous piece of workto "break" a big rooster ostrich to the"saddle," or to ride him "bareback." It only requires a little pa-uence, tact and gentleness. The-Riding an Ostrich.; are broken to drive either singly or. ina team, and draw about the farm a.two or four-wheeled vehicle.They are very powerful creaturesfor their size and weight, and havenot the least difficulty in carrying:about an ordinary man. On foos:they are very nimble, and can run; "with the speed of a horse. A hardE'kick from one cf these ostriches' feeC. 'is powerful enough to break a man's,leg or arm.Dead Korse Kicks Man.Seymour, Conn. Living in Quarryroad when he is well, John Bagdouis,.a stonecutter, rests in St. Raphearsr.pulled in vain. Aman of gentle tem-PCI IS JOnH,but, letting the horse's.tail go, he poked his foot with needless energy into its stomach, and thehind foot of the horse shot up. Johrt ,knew no more. He says it was Ford.but the doctor sees hoof prints on his..face. John is a stonecutter. so.Forctfound another undertaker.Sun-Worn Curtains.In cases where a pair of curtainsserve, cut away tne sun-worn poruonsand sew across, then wheresewn use-a cord or ribbon, and, if neither oPthese are at hand, make a couple orstraps of old linen, and use them tontie the curtains back at the placethey' are spliced. Old linenj starched, are neat.bows, . welS-Quinine In the Good Old Days.There is a whole lot of difference inrthe price ot quinine now and 50 yearsago. Then it sold for $5 and sometimes more an ounce. Now it can bfebought for one-tenth of that amounti"; The $5 quinine was taken in syrupy! baked apples, slippery elm or anything:I that would cover up the stuff and part- -'ly disguise the taste. MadisonvillHustler..Makes Work for Many.In France the persons who are enployed tn the cultivation of the vlnjsrnumber 7,000,000:r h-" illTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB. 16; 1912MATRIMONIAL.I' !,1I!i1aiOur SpecialShort Profit Sale"Is Now On IMvery One is Pleased with the GreatBargains They Are Getting inWatches, Clocks, Jewelry, Silverware,Cut Glass, Etc.Wfcy JVbt Get That Watch To-day?HERE ARE SOME OF OUR PRICES:$58.00 Watches, now...... $46.40 $55.00 Watches, now $44100$40.00 Watches, now $32.00 $30.00 Watches, now $24.00$24.00 Watches, now. $19.20Similar Reductions on All OthersOur Umbrellas at $2.75 are especially good values.See the $24.00 Hand-Painted Punch Bowl in our window; theprice is being reduced $1.00 each day until sold. Put in your bidat whatever price you are willing to pay, you may get it.Watch our window and take advantage of the bargains shown.Talented Musician.Below is reprinted a notice from theMuskegon (Mich.) Times, of Feb. .),telling of the enthusiastic receptiontendered Axel Skovgaard, the greatviolinist, at that place.' This celebrated Danish violinist willappear in Paris, Tuesday night, Feb.27, at the City School Auditorium, under the auspices of the Richard HawesChapter, Daughters of the Confederacy,for' the benefit of their EducationalFund.The notice from the Muskegon Timesis as follows:"That 'music hath charms,' was aptly demonstrated at the Woman's Clublast evening, when the noted violinist,Axel Skovgaard, rippled sonatas andScandinavian songs from the bow of hisStradivarius violin, like morning laysfrom the golden throat of a Nightingale. This wonderful rhusician has thatrare quality of genius which imparts tohis audience the moods of the- composerand when he drops his fingers caressingly upon the strings of his violin, anddraws the bow across, the instrumentlaughs and weeps, and bursts forth injoyous song as the finale is reached.Skovgaard had with him and used atlast night's concert, his celebratedStradivarius violin, which is said to beworth $13,000."Concert soloists who assisted Skovgaard at last evening's concert wereMiss Ethel May Wright and Miss AliceMcClung,hoth rarely talented artists.Miss Wright posseses a fine mezzo soprano voice, and Miss McClungis mistress of the piano. Theprogram ranged from Mendelssohn concerts and Arias from Samson and Delilah to Irish love songs and minuets.At the close of the program Skovgaardplayed three compositions, efforts ofhis, when he was a lad between 8 and12 years. That he early showed themaster musician, was demonstrated irthese compositions that might be thedream of a Mendelssohn. The clubhouse was filled to the last seat, thelovers of fine music turned out enthusiastically to hear the much talked ofSkovgaard concert."Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclass barbers 13 tfConfederate Bill Passes Senate.The Kentucky Senate by a vote of 30to 0 passed ihe Glenn bill, providing apension of $10 a month for disabledand indigent Confederate soliders. Nota voice was raised against the passageof the measure.Senator Glenn explained the billsaying it would cost $60,000 whileSenator Bertram chairman of the Appropriations Committee declared itwould cost twice that amount. Itwas the opinion of Senator Salmonthat every Senator ought to vote forthe measure.Senator Biggerstaff, the Republicanmember of the Senate from Warren,said that at one time he would neverhave voted a dollar to pension Confederate soldiers, but that time hadsettled all differences and healed thebreach, bitterness had vanished, andthat the cost should not be counted.He urged that the measure receive theunanimous support of the Senate, asthe men who were to be benefittedwere brave men and fought for whatthey thought was right.The rommittee amendment providingthat no widow of a soldier who married the soldier since 1890 should beentitled to a pension was passed.Look it Over.We are ready to show you the prettiest line of, wall paper and fancyinterior decoratiuns ever brought tothis city at prices that defy competition. Why not look the line over nowand make your selections. We willput it on at your convenience. Let uswait on you now.13 2t BORLAND'S.DEATH.The body of Mr. Thomas Mitchell,who died Saturday at New Haven,Conn., arrived in Lexington Tuesdayevening. The r funeral services wereheld at the grave in the LeAingtoncemetery Wednesday morning at 10:30o'clock.conducted by Rev. Edwin Miller. The pall-bearers were John R.Allen, J. W. Throckmorton, M. C.Alford, Shelby T. Kinkead, R. D.Williams and T. M. Shaw.Dr. Stafford L. Parker, 73 yearsold, unmarried, diedsuddenly of hearttrouble in his home at Athens, B'ayettecounty. Dr. Parker was a brother ofthe late Judge Watts Parker, of Lexington. Clay's Bill Reported Favorable.. House Bill No. 304. introduced atFrankofrt by Hon. Sidney G. Clay,and which allows railroads to acquirea competing line, where said line doesnot extend 100 mile5' in trackage, wasfavorably reported by the Committeehaving same in charge Thursdaj instead of being killed by the Committeeas was erroneously printed. The purpose of this nill is to allow the Louisvile and Nashville railroad to retainthe ownership of the Frankfort andCincinnati railroad, which they haveacquired by purchase, and which theCourt of Appeals held was in violationof the Kentucky Statutes, regardingownership of competing lines.May Accept Call to Paris.Rev. George H. Harris, assistantrector of Christ Church Cathedral, andpastor of the church of the Good Shepherd, at Lexington, has been extendeda call to St. Peter's Episcopal churchand, it is stated, he will in all probability accept the call.Rev. Mr. Harris will succeed Rev.J. M. maxon, president of MargaretCollege, Versailles, as pastor of theParis church and in event ct hisacceptance will take immediate chargeof the church here.Mr. Harris was formerly pastor ofthe church- in Maysviile going fromthat city to Lexington. He graduatedfrom the University of the South in1894, and from the General TheologicalSeminary in New York in 1897. Heholds' an important Diosesan position,being a member of the Standing Committee, the most important in theDiocese, a member of the Ex'ecutiveCommittee of the J3oard of MissionsSociety of the Council and editor ofDiocesos News, the oeffiial publicationof the Diocese.The marriage of Miss JosephineBehrman to Mr. J. W. Bacon wassolemnized at the residence of thebride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. HenryBehrman, in Newport Wednesdayafternoon at 3 o'clock.The residence was decorated withpotted plants, interspersed withbunches of long-stemmed carnations.The bride was charmingly 'gowned infwhite voile, made empire style andtrimmed in Valenciennes lace. Shecarried a shower bouquet of valley lillies and was given in marriage by herfather.The Kev. Charles Chngman, rectorof St. Paul's Episcopal church, readthe ring service, which was followedby a reception for the relatives andintimate friends of the popular bride. JA buffet luncheon was served. Thedecorations were green and white.Assisting in serving were Mrs. Behrman, mother of the bride, who wore agown of black messaline and chiffon.Miss Gussie Behrman wore a daintygown of white cloth and Miss AliceBehrman a lingerie gown with whitevoile. f IThe bride, who is the youngestdaughter of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Behrman, is a Handsome and attractiveyoung woman and one ofsocial favorites. She hasvisited in this city, wheremany admiring friends. Mr. Bacon isone of Paris' mnst progressive "business men, and is Piesident of theParis Base Ball Club.After the reception Mr. and Mrs.Bacon left for an extended Easterntrip and following their honeymoonthey will return to Paris where theywill reside on Cypress street.Mr. James Derrick and Miss InezReynolds, both 'of Bourbon county,were united in marriage Wednesdayafternoon at the court house, SquireL. J. rretwell ociating.Newport'sfrequentlyshe madeA SALE FWHITEComprising WhiteGoods, WashGoods, MuslinUnderwear andOther LinesKaufman, Straus & Co.,WOLF, WILE & COMPANY, SuccessorsEvery announcement this firm makes through thecolumns of the Newspapers contains a distinct and important message to the prudent and economical purchaser ofMerchandise from this establishment. The goods offeredare of interest for one reason or another, either it is theprice, or the exceptional quality or both. The prices areno doubt in most cases the attraction, backed up by sterlingqualities for which this firm and its predecessors haveacquired standing among all classes of Lexington's population and those of our surrounding country. We may add,that these goods offered here, are not bought for specialsale purposes, but are our regular carried high-class qualityof merchandise. No-seconds, no refused styles or hardstock.tJfaufmctnj dtrauzJ dt Co.,Wolf, Wile & Company Successors.LEXINGTON, KY.THEATRICAL."THE COUNTRY BOY."Edgar Selwvn, the author of "TheCountry Boy." the original comedywhich Henry B. Harris will present atthe Paris Grand on next Wednesday,February 21, wmte some twp.nty-sixplays before he finally produced thisone to brine him fame and fortune.And much of the secret of the successof "The Country Boy" is due to thefact that the author has put it in manychapters from his own personal experiences. The story rings true and thecharacters are so realistic that theirlike may be found in any town or city.The story of "Th'e Country Boy" isof a visionary young fellow who is onlygoing to do the big things. He is notsatisfied to take the little successes oflife and build on them but he is goingto conquer all gat once with one fellstroke. Hence he finds the bonds ofhis small home town irksgme and bore"some. He wants to strike out, go toNew York and lay the metropolis athis feet. At last his gmother consentsthat he shall make the trial.In New York he lands in a typicaltheatrical boarding house. An oldfriend of his father has given him ajob. He becomes enamoured of amercenary chorus girl who plays withhim. He loses his incentive to workin forgetting the sweetheart of hisyoutn. He is discontented and neglectshis duties.loses his place and is unableto find another. Things go from badto worse until at last ashamed andbeaten he determines to take his ownlife. At the critical moment a cynical,worldly-wise newpsaper manwho livesin the same house and has taken afancy to the by cornea upon- the,suane.By playing on his own imaginationthe friend makes the boy preacnlenagainst taking: his own life. He thconvinces him that the home townhowever small must hold better opportunities than the city with its terriblecrush and competitor Together theyreturn to the boy's home and win suecess in a material way and with thatsuccess the boy regains the confidenceof his sweetheart and marries her.The play presents many interestingand contrasting characters. All ofthem are splendidly drawn and thepiece holds the attention of the audience from beginning to end. In thecompany are included Helen Hammell,Wilfred Lytell, Stapleton Kent, LovellOldham, Beatrice Bertrand. LizzieMcCall, William Morren, WilliaiuLevis, Marie Pert, Mart E. Mann andothers.Bock Beer.Pabst celebrated Milwaukee BockBeer on tap. Also in hottles at Curtis',near L. & N. depot.Asks Stout to Vacate Bench.In the Circuit Court at GeorgetownTuesday something of a sensation wascaused when Attorneys L. F. Sinclairand James F. Askew, representing theaccused, file a petition asking ior theremoval of Juddge R. L. Stout fromthe bench in the trial of City Treasurer John White charged with asasult onEditor Thomasson of the GeorgetownNews.White was indicted for assaultingThomasson by the Scott county grandjury , and the action was preliminaryto the trial. The petlton seeking toswear Judge Stout off the bench makessome strong allegations tending toshow strained relations between Whiteand Judge Stout.Judge Stout has expressed his willingness to vacate the bench and thetrial will rot proceed until a specialjudge can be decided upon.IITHEANDWEDNESDAY, FEB.NOT A RURAL PLAYHENRY B. HARRIS PresentsTHECOUNTRYA Rip Roaring Comedy of City Life PRICES: $1.50, $1, 75c, 35c, 25cIBOY!THE BOURBON. NEWS, PARIS KENTUCKY, -FEB; 1 6, 1912'f Jffi BOURBON NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF FVFRVTuir'fFor Rent.Two roomsto beused for officesJ. H. DOTY.Buys City Property.Dr. J. H. Comer has purchased fromH. Haggard his residence on Cyress street. The price paid wat $5,000.Pay Car Will Arrive Today.The Louisville and Nashville pay carscheduled to arrive today to gladdene hearts of its many employes in- city.Cottage Sold.At. V. K. Shipp. of Oklahoma Ciiy,:ia., sold last week through his localent his frame- cottage on Parrish.'enue, Henry Addition, to Mrs. Henry.vnch at a private figure.Saves OneHalf.Save one half your clover seed andure a stand. See the clover seediri'A on sale by Yerkes & Prichard. It..i do it. 9 8tNew Singer at the Comet.Mr. Paul Gignac, a very clever tenor-:nsrer, as an added attraction, haseen singing at the Comet Theatre thisweek. Mr. Gignac has a pleasing tenr voice and made a distinct hit withthe patron of the theatre.Field Seeds.We are headquarters for timothy,clover and alsike seeds. See us beforebuying. Both phones 14.1.1 4t CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.Will Go to Chicago.Mr. Harry Collins has resigned hisposition.with the firm of H. M Collins& Co., and will leave Sunday forChicago to accept a traveling positionwith the Frances CropDer Co., of thatcity.Bock Beer.Pabst celebrated Milwaukee BockBeer on tap. Alo in bottles at Curtis',near L. & N. station.Buys City Property.Mrs. R. A. Flanders, of Millersburg,through the real estate agency ofHarris & Speakes, purchased the residence property of Mr. J. W. Larkinon WalkerJAvenua Tuesday. The pricepaid was $3,000. Mrs. Flanders recently sold her farm near Millersburg andwill move to this city in the nearfuture to reside.Chili Soup.Redstyle.hot chili con carne,MexicanServed at all times.J. E. CRAVEN.Says Bill Was Deliberatelylayed.DeIn the Senate Wednesday SenatorThomas charged that the printing ofhis bill, to amend the code in referenceto filing suits for damsges againstcommon carriers.had been "deliberately delayed and suppressed by somebody." He said he had introduced itcn January 18 and the bill was notprinted until Tuesday. The bill wascalled up and referred as he requested.. ; t i 1sale Wednesday, reoruary i. iThe sale of Rassenfoss' sub-divisionon Eighth street and Georgetown pike,will be held Wednesday, February 21.Don't forget the date.Miss Adamson Recovering.Advices from Carlisle are to theeffect that Miss Georiga Adamson, ofthat city, is improving at her homefrom the effects of injuries sustainedin the wreck which occurred at NewForrest, a flag station on th e Maysville division of the Louisville andNashville, which occurred Saturdaymorning. Miss Adamson sustainedsevere bruises beside losing severalteeth in the crash, when the passengertrain on which she was enioute to thiscity, sideswiped a freight train thatwas taking a siding.Bock Beer.Fabst celebrated Milwaukee BoekBeer on tap. Also in bottles at Curtis',near L. & N. depot.Real Estate Transfers.The following real estate transfershave been lodged with County ClerkParon for record in his office:Walte C. Medley to G. A. Medley,house and lot in Henry Addition, Price1. etc.Mrs. L. G. Shipp to Mrs JuliaFrench, house and lot on Parrish ave- ,nue. Price SI, etc. . IChas. K. Miller to 1 nomas Clay, lotin Millersburg. Price S275.William Parker to Mrs. MalindaOrme, lot in Millersburg. Priceetc.Auction.Attend the auction in the old Baptistchurch building Saturday afternoon,February 17, 1912, at 2 o'clock. Greatbargains in furniture, g?solnie stoes,washing machines, clothing and manyother things too numerous to mention.LHARKIS & SPEAKES.Stiff Fine" for Carrying Pistol.That the city officials are determined to break up the practice of carrying cocnealed weapons is demonstratedfrom the fact that Tuesday morningDan Howard, a negro, who was up inpolice court on the above charge wasassessed a fine of $100 and costs andviven a sentence of thirty days in jail.The negro was arrested by PatrolmanMcKenney Monday morning aftet hehad been engaged in a quarrel withanother negro man, and during thedifficulty it was alleged Howard drewa revclver. Tie severe penalty willserve as a warning to others who areiithe habit of carrying concealedweapons, v(PEISONAL MENTION.Mrs. Jesse Turney left Wednesdayfor New Orleans for a visit.Mrs. Martha Jones is quite ill ather home on Hanson street.Mr. Joseph M. Ball is able to beout after ssveral days' illness.Mr. B. A. Frank returned lastn'gbt from a business trip to NewYork. "Mr. George Kriener was able toho out yesterday after a several weeks'illness.Miss Mae Thomas, of Kichmond,is the guest of Mrs. Homer. Kiser inthis city.Miss Ethel Baldwin has returnedfrom an extenled visit to relatives inChicago.Mr. William Howard, of Richmond,was the guest of relatives in this cityTuesday.Mrs. N. D.Rapids, Mich., isConnor,visitingof Grandfriends inthis city.Miss Tillie Toolin will leave Saturday for New York to be gone abouttwo weeks.-Mrs. W. O.quite ill at herHinton, who has beenhome on High streetis improving.Mr. and Mrs. Swift Champ returned yesterday after several days visitin Cincinnati.Mrs. Elia fiackett, of Winchester,is the guest of Mrs. J. W. Porter onSouth Main street.Miss Sallie Daniels has returnedfrom a three weeks visit to Mrs. J. M.Mount, in Lancaster.Mr. J. H. Ewalt is quite ill at hishome on Inglts avenue from an attack of heart trouble.Miss Annie McMahon and Mrs.Mayme Cain, of Carlisle, are theguestso of Mrs. Robert George.Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Helm Clayand daughter, Mrs. Hopkins, of Louisville, leave this week for Florida.Mrs. Everett Peterson and MissClara Bacon attended the BehrmanBacon wedding in Newport Wednesday. Mrs. Earl Ferguson and childrenhave returnee1 from a visit to her sister, Mrs. W. S. Kelley, in Georgetown. Mrs Thompson Tarr, of this city,an1 Mrs. Oscar Rankin, of Millersburg,left Wednesday for a visit to New Orleans. Miss Sythe Kern has returned t)her home in this.city after a visit tothe family of Mr. L. T. Childs, in Mt.Sterling.Mr. and Mrs: Ed Maurer and MissConstance King, of Butler, were theKuests last week of Capt. and Mrs. J.W. Taylor.Mrs. O. P. Carter, Jr., entertained with a dinner last night in honor ofthe seventy-eighth birthday of Mr. O.P. Carter. Sr.Miss Josie Mahar, of Cincinnati,who has been the guest of her sister,Mrs. Julia Calnan, on South Mainstreet, has returned home.Miss Mattie Lilleston has returnedto Barboursville, Ky., and Mr. H. C.Lilleston has returned to Kansas City,Mo., after a visit to their mother, Mrs.S. Lilleston.Mies Etta Beheler entertained themembers of her Sunday school class oilI the Methodist church with a Valentine, party at her home on Twelfth streetWednesday evening.There will be a meeting of RichardHawes Chapter, United Daughters ofthe Confederacy to be held at the Confcdeiate rooms in the court house thisafternoon at 2:30 o'clock. Mrs. O. P.Carter, Jr., and Mrs. W. G. Talbottwill be hostesses for the occasion.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Bacon, whoare in the East on their wedding trip,upon their return to this city will takeboard at the home of Mr. and Mrs.Brice Steele, on Pleasant street.The Bourbon German Club willgive the first of a series of germansiThu-sday, February 22, at 8:30j o'clock. Mr. and Mrs. John N. Daviss will lead. It is the desire of thei treasurer that all those who have noti yet sent in their subscriptions tc do so' at once.eicner io ixirs. ouuu o. -ixuueiiai or the Agricultural Bank.Good Location.An interurban line from Cynthianato Paris is surveyed along Rassenfoss'sub-division on Georgetown pike, andis surely going to be built, and whenit is every tract you buy at sale nextWednesday will double in value. Don'tS forget the date Wednesday, February.121.immense Line New Wall PaperCall at my store and pick from thelarge new spring stock of wall paperjust what you need and have it put onnow and avoid the spring rush. Expertdecorators ready to do your bidding.J. T. HINTON.Concert at Public School.On the night of Tuesday, February20 at eight o'clock, the music lovers ofParis will have the pleasure of hearingone of the most talented, as well asone of the best trained Glee Clubs inthe South. This organization is composed of twenty of the best'voices thatcould be picked from the whole studentbody of State University.. For the past four years the club hasbeen trained and' directed by Prof.Wheeler, of Lexington, who is recognized to be one of the ablest and mostsuccessful instructors of vocal music;n the St?te. About three weeks agothe club sang for the first time this;season to a full and appreciative housein Lexington, Ky., and if vociferousness of applause be a reliable criterionof acceptability, the concert was a.success artistically, as well as financially. The proceeds of the concert, whichis tp be given in the city school auditorium, will go to the Paiis HighSchool Band. Admission, 50 cents;school chilrden, 25 cents.RELIGIOUS.Services Sunday morning at theEpiscopal church at 10 45 and afternoon at 4 o'clock by the pastor, Rev.J. 'M. MaxonThere will be preaching Sundaymorning at 11 o'clock at Silas church.Rev. J. A. Hensley, of Georgetown,will fill the pulpit.There will be preaching at theChristian church Sunday morning andevening. At the morning ;servi2e Dr.Royal J. Dye will fill the pulpit atnight Dr. A. E. Corey will preach.Rev. Menzo B. Ainsworth, ofFranklin, Ind., has accepted a call tothe Georgfitown Christian church. Hesucceeds Elder H. C. Kendrick, whoresigned to accept a call tendered himrecently from Ontario, Can.Rev. E. M. Lightfoot will preach!at the Baptist church Sunday morningfrom the subject, "Beraca, or theValley of Blessing," The sermon willbe especially for men in the interestof the men's class. A great deal ofinterest is being manifested in thiswork and it is the earnest hope that alarge congregation will bH present tohear the discourse. At night Rev.Lightfoot will take as his subject"Temptation of Jesus."Save Your Money.Young man, if you want to saveyour money invest it in one of thetracts in Rassenfoss' subdivision onGeorgetown pike. Let it lay if youwant to, or work it if you wish. Itwill double in value before you finishpaying for it. Look for terms. SaleWednesday, February 21, 1912,Damage Suit Comes to Trial.The damage suit of W. S. Arnsparger, son of Mr. and Mtb. C. Arnsparger.of this city, against the Louisville andNashvijle railroad, will come up fortrial at Spring Place, Ga., Monday.The suit, which is for the amount of1,500 was instituted against the railroad company last fall, and is the result of am alleged violaton of an agreement, and the plaintiff prays fordamages in the above amount. Arnsprager, who is cashier of the Bank ofEton, at Eton, Ga,, was here last fallon visit to his parents; and on his return purchased a ticket over the Louisville and Nashville to that point, withthe understanding that he was to havethrough passage. It is alleged byArnapprger that he was put off thetrain at Etawah, Ga., and compelledto drive through the country twentyfive miles to Eton.Chas.W. Fithian.F.A. Thompson, Rudolph Davis, DanJordan and Leo Keller, of this city,have been summoned as witnesses inthe case anJ will leave Sunday nightfor Spring Place.I Appointed Deputy Fire Marshal.Mr. W. R. Hukill, of this city, hasreceived the appointment of DeputyState Fire Marshal through StateAuditor Henry Bosworth and wasassigned to his first duty Tuesday.The fact that Tuesday was thethirteenth of the month, Mr. Hukillpostponed the investigation of a firewhich occurred near Falmouth. Theappointment of Mr. Hukill is a welldeserved compliment and in recognition of his earnest work in the Democratic Dartv. He haa been a life-long1 Democrat and always first in all ofits battles. We have the greatest confidence in his abilities and predict hewill make an excellent official.Paris Man a Millionaire.A oress disnatch from Tacoma.Washington, yesterday said:"Joseph Houston, aged 50, had onlyS240 two years ago after a lifetimespent in the mining camps of Colorado,Nevada, the Klondike and Tanana.He had made several small stakes, buthad lost them on other deals Thenluck changed and today he is probablyworth several million dollars. He ison his way to New York, and sails forEngland February 21."Born in Paris, Ky., Houston's mining camD name for years was 'Powerful Joe' Houston. From Fairbankshe went to Kenai Peninsula, Southwestern Alaska, and obtained controlof 4,000 acres of hydraulic placerground. Tempted by the Katallia oilprospects he and some associatesbought 4,000 acres of oil lands, sincetransferred to a company controlled inLondon. He next bought for $38,000 aquartz ledge that will soon produce Iheavily. Incidentally, one evening hei became quarter ownerof the Juneau ,ceiepnone sjsienr.I "Next June Houston will ship north ji stamp mills for his quartz property, i; oil rigs for Katallia and a hydraulic jI placer plant.Q Houston says, 'I lassoedopportunity. There's 'powahful' .' chances up there for experiencedj men.' "; Little could be learned oc Houston'! here last night other than that he gwas ja Distant relative or Mrs. jos. iyi.Rion, of this city.BROWN'S MM LITTLE TABLETSCures Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Heartburn'soc package:G. S. Varden & Son. -THEJAIR!On Friday Next12 rolls Toilet Paper, 25c.Pyramid Bread Toasters, toastsfour slices of bread in one minute, 10c.Chair Seats, all sizes, oc.Folding Ironing Boards, 79c.Folding Clothes Dryers, 59c...THE FAIR..., iiParis Maccabees Attend InitiationNineteen members of Paris Tent No488, Knights of the Maccabees, attendied the meeting of the Lexington TentTuesday night, at which ten memberswere given the degrees and initiatedin the Lexington lodge, while two newmembers from the Paris Tent wereeiven the second and third degrees.The meeting was largely attendedjandthe members of the Paris Tent werepresent upon the invitation of theLexington brothers to participatethe initiation.inAuction.In the old Bap'tist church building,Saturday afternoon, February 17, 1912,at 2 o'clock. Furniture, gasoline andoil stoves, washing machines, clothing, etc.HARKS & SPEAKES.The ideal instrumentfor the homeThe Victor-Victrola is the mostperfect and most satisfactory of allmusical instruments for.the home.It combines all musical instrumentsand the perfect human voice, andsupplies in unlimited variety thefinest music in the world, sung andplayed by the most famous artists.There is no reason why youshouldn't possess a Victor-Victrola.Come in and we'll tell you how youcan pay for it on easy terms.Daugherty Bros.,Paris, Ky.W Victor-Victrola XIV, $150m Other styles Victor-Victrola $ (5 to $250 UVictors $10 to $100TO CLOSE OUT ALLLACE CURTAINStrayIiSee how many pairsthree of a kind. All of these include the sample curtain and most of' themmore or less soiled. "ALSOWILLYou will miss a bigWINDOWS.vl T.T.ISpring Novelties.We have ready for your inspection the followingnovelties in their severcl lines that are moving rapidly, and why not you have some of them?White wash Bedford Cords and Piques.White Cotton Voiles in checks, stripes, fete.White and Colored Embroidered Mulls and Crepes..Tissue Voiles, colors in novelty patterns.Domestic and Foreign Ginghams.Surah Jacquards. -Bordered Mulls. , "L "Embroidered Laces, White Goods,. &c. . -Come let us show you. - - .ALWAYS THE NIL"W. Ed TuckerAgent Butterwick PatternsBOi8IFee s Cash Specials,Friday and SaturdaymLarge 26-oz. jarsPicklesOld-FashionlBlackberry Jam, per lb. . i 1 2 1 -2cK5 lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.008 bars Lenox Soap 25c3 boxes Argo Starch ; 1 OcAdmore's Mince Meat, per lb 1 2 1 -2cFEE'SONE, TWO AND THREE PAIRWILL, ON, February 1 7; at 9 O'clock, !PLME Mi SALE ILL 001 ' " VODD, LOTS :AT PRICES THAT WILL ASTONISH YOU BY THEIR ' $REMARKABLE LOWNESSyou can use in one pair of a kind, two pairs of a kind andINCLUDEDBE MANYIN THIS SALEPATTERNS OFSILK, TAPESTRY, MUSLINAND CURTAINS OFSCRIPTION,' 1 jEVERYopportunity ifyou . letH INSweet Mixed and Sour25cxLOTS,areDE-this pass. SEE MYTO NI1e , -"-5. V-THE "BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB. 16 i912.atJlitll1MlHE-1s1"Cardui Cured Me"For nearly ten years, at different times, Mrs. Mary4 Jinksof Treadway, Tenn., suffered with womanly troubles. Shesays: "At last, -I took down and thought I would die. Icould not sleep. I couldn't eat I had pains all over. Thedoctors gave me up. I read that Cardui had helped somany, and I began to take it, and it cured me. Carduisaved my life! Now, I can do anything."TAKELARDThoWoman'sTonicBostonian rLearns Something.The folly of interfering with inewsboy was illustrated on Hanove'street A well-dressed man took, ttask a newsboy who was crying ifake extra and read the riot act trhim in fine style. The boy said nothing, but when the man started to rurfor a North Station car he raised tlucry of "Stop thief!" which was a.once taken up by several of his companions, and in a moment an angrjcrowd was at the heels of the luckiestone, who was forced to take a trii.to the station house before the matter 1was cleared up. Boston Journal.jBovrbon Garage $ Supply Co.Paris, KentuckyIf you are weak, tired, worn-out, or suffer from any ofthe pains peculiar to weak women, such as headache,backache, dragging-down feelings, pains in arm, side, hipor limbs, and other symptoms of womanly trouble, youshould try Cardui, the woman's tonic. Prepared from perfectly harmless, vegetable ingredients, Cardui is the bestremedy for you to use, as it can do you nothing but good.It contains no dangerous drugs. -It has no bad after-effects.Ask your druggist. He sells and recommends Cardui.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept. Chattanooga Medicine Co.. Chattanooea. Term..idcpecial Instructions, and 64-page book. "Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 54The Trials oi a Traveler."I am a traveling salesman, "writesE.E. Youngs, E.Berkshire, Vfc., "and! was often troubled with constipationand indigestion till I began to use Lr.King's New Life Pills, which I havefound an excellent remedy." For allstomach, liver or kidney troubles theyare unequaled. Only 25 cents atOberdorfer's.FARMING IMPLEMENTSOF ALL KINDLiving for Others.There is light and sanity, safety and; beauty in thinking, planning, working,J living for others. It leads not to sin' but away. It is a guide to peace,health and safety of the mind andthe soul alike. But self-coddling, selfexaltation, self-interest run madmat distortion of human nature Is apotent lure to destruction. It is ofthe very essence of crime. Exchange.MOBILESLow Round TripRATES.Homeseekers' FaresTo points rin Arizona, Arkansas,Louisana, Missouri, New Mexico,klahoma, Texas, Kansas, Nebraska,Montana, Michigan, Wisconsin, Alaham a, Florida and Mississippi. Tickets on sale first and third Tuesdays ofeach menth with final return limit 25days from date of sale except to destinations in Flcrida, final limit will be12 days from date of sale. Liberalstopovers allowed in homeseeker territory. We also have ok sale daily untilApril 30, 1912, with final return limitsMay 31, 1912 Winter Tourist tickets tojoints in Alabama, Florida. Georgia,-Loaisana, New Meixco andwith liberal stopovers allowed.We tell you how, and pay best marketprices. Ve are dealers; establishedin 1S.:C; andean Jo BETTER for youthan agents or commission merchants. References any bank in Jouisville. Write for weekly price list.M. SAB EL &, SONS227-29-31 &33 E. Market St., LOUISVILLE, KY.Dealers in FURS, HIDES, WOOL.Special Clubbing Rate for 60Days.By special arrangement the News, isenaoled to furnish the most attractiveclubbing rate ever put before the public. For the next 60 days we will offer' the Daily Chicago Exaimner, recognized as one of the foremost journals ofthe United States in connection withthe Bourbon News, for one year, forS3. 75. This is a great opportunity tosecure both papers at a great reduction. All subscriptions should be sentto the News. tfP1F0R SALE PRIVATELY.Eight room frame residence and lotfronting seventy feet and ten incheson Higgins avenue, and two hundredj r Lt r a. -i . i j-1Texas ailu eiBUfc ieei ut: ; uaui ruuiu, new' roof, gas leading to house; large gard-n e Li j.i n on anrl rrnnri n 1 orornror lurmer miurmauiuii. ua.11 uu or. e -""v"writeW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.23 tfWM. A. GRIMES,E. T. phone 45 or 364.Parie, Ky.i TWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentWe Arc Showing for Pali and Winter StrictlyAll-Wool Worsted, Hand-TailoredSuits at $10.00Handsome new Brown and Grey Worsteds and Cassimeresin the newest models, hand-tailored Suits, -worth easily $20,our Special $15.Overcoats in every new cut and weave, prices range from7.50, $10, $12.50, 15, $18 and $20.We have taken the sale agency for the celebrated EmersonShoe, Brockton, Mass. This is the classiest $4 and $5 men'sShoe made.Also the French Shrine hand-made Shoes at 14.The reliable Douglas Shoes $2.50, $3, $3.50.Those rough, fuzzy hairy Hats, $2, 2.5U,J$3.Full line of Hawes Van Gal $3 Shoes.Monarch and Lair best $1 Shirts made.Chutt's $1.50 and $2 Shirts, new patterns.Lion Brand slip-easy Collars, 2 for 25c.Full line of Trunks, Suit Cases and Hand-bags.LWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.Claim the Oldest Language.It is asserted by the Basques thuttheir language, which bears a strongresemblance to certain North Amerlcan dialects, Is the oldest one in tliworld, and was spoken by Adam andEve in the garden of Eden. They alscboast that it is the most difficult o!all languages to learn. According Ua native legend, the devil vlived amongthe Basques for seven years, and during that time learned only two wordiof their tongue, "bal" and "ez," "yesand "no," and these two words he forgot within an hour of leaving thecountry.Flying Men Fallvictims to stomach, liver and kidneytroubles just like other people withlike results in loss of appetite, backache, nervousness, headache nd tiredlistless, rundown feeling. But there'sno need to feel like that as T. D.Peebles, Henry, Tenn., proved. "Sixbottles of Electric Bitters, "he writes"did more to give me new strengthand good appetite than all other remedies I used." So they heln otherpeople. Its folly to suffer when thisgreat remedy will help you from thefirst dose. Try it. Only 50 cents atOberdorfer's.A Makeshift.The Israelites ere gathering manna. "It will do well enough until weget where we can buy patent breakfast foods." they remarked. BostonTranscript.Bourbon Oarage & Supply. ' Cor. 4th and ' High Sreets,Paris, KentuckyCo.DR. DOLLE'SSANITARIUMCINCINNATIOHIOMEN CURED AT SMALL COST,'Difficult Surgical Operations Performed With 1Skill and Success, When Surgery is Necessary v.PILESAll niCCAOeO flCfrJCUWriteforin.ur formation iPERMANENT CURE4Positively GuaranteedVARICOCELEtKfMRUPTURE Cured by Improved Methodsand RESTORATIVE Treatment in Loss of Vital PowerIIYnRflPEI E CURED In a Few Days, i11 1 linUUCLC Special Treatment. Free Information.Don't give up hope until vou have. seen old Dr.Dollol lie will Rive you FREE n thorough examination, and will tell you the Trntli.Confutation Free and confidential at oC5co orby letter. Twenty Years' experience. Trainedattendants. Best of care. G2 1. Book on ESerrsDiseases Free, upon receipt of 4 eta. for postage,giving much valuable information. Call at dow ntown office or write toCI fflfll I C S25 WALNUT STREET,I Lb SJULLE CSMCINHATL Q,In the Barber's Chair.A big fat man stretched himself outin a barber's chair. The barber, following the usual custom, soaked hisface in a 212 degree towel, while hewhetted his razor. "When he took thetowel off the man inquired if he hada fork handy, "I am pretty sure myface is done, but if you have a forkhandy you might stick it in and see."Atchison Globe.STILL AT IT!January Clearance SaleIn Dry Goods, Cloaks, Suits,Furs and MillineryNow Going On.Come InWonderful BargainsIn All DepartmentsTWINBROSTwo Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckymAre Ever at War.There are two things everlastinglyat war, joy and piles ButBucklen'sArnica Salve will banish piles in anyform. It soon subdues the itching,irritation, inflammation or swelling.It gives comfort, invites ioy. Greatest healer of burns, boils, ulcers, cuts.bruises, eczema, scalds, pimples, skineruptions. Only 25c at Oberdorfer's.Economies.It has been found that the thingsthat expand on solidifying, as water,freeze at a lower temperature whenthe pressure is increased, while theothers freeze at a higher. When asubstance that expands freezes underhigher pressure than usual it has toexert more force to shove the pressure away, and consequently has touse up more of its "heat energy, thuslosing more heat and consequently becoming colder.Only a Day and Night to New OrleansLOUISVILLE AND NASHVILLE RAILROADWhat it Will Cost You to SeeMondayFebruary 19z Arrival ofREX2:00 p. m., andProteus Paradeat night.MardiGrasThe Two Big Days, February 19-20,New OrleansMobile$19.80 $17.90Pensacola$20.60TuesdayFebruary 20Parade ofREX10:00 a in., andComus Paradeat night.ROUND TRIP FROM PARISTickets on Sale Daily February 13 to 19, inclusive.Sleeping Car Tare $4.00 to $4.50 Each Way.Liberal Stop-Overs-Limit On Tickets March 1 8.TO-ifiPPRGXIMATE TOTAL COST for the round-trip, estimate for five days board andJddging at $1 per cay in best private homes or $2 per day at first-class hotels to whichAadd the above railroad and Pullman fares. For sleeping car reservation apply. . to any ticket agent Louisville & NashvilleRailroad Company.See Descriptive Booklet.Indian Killed on Track.Near Rochelle, 111., an Indian wentto sleep on a railroad track and waskilled by the fast express. He paidfor his carelessness with his life. Often its that way when people neglect coughs and colds. Dr. King'sNew Discovery will cure them andso prevent a dangerous throat orlung trouble. "It completely curedme in a short time of a terriblecounh that followed a severe attackof grip,'' writes J. R. Watts, Floydada, Tex., "and I regained 15 poundsin weight that I had lost.'' Quick,safe reliable and guaranteed. 50cand SI. Trial bottle free at Oberdorfer's;luargoien sGame Easy to Play.I know of no easier or more delightful occupation than that of managingother people's business at long distance and without responsibility forthe result. Exchange.Retort Discourteous.An Englishman and a Welshmandisputing in whose country was thebest living, the Welshman said:"There is such noble housekeeping inWales that I have known above adozen cooks employed at one wedding dinner." "Ay," answered theEnglishman, "that was because everyman toasted his own cheese."The Best ofHome-KilledMeats,Bacon, Lard, Ham,Beef, Pork, Etc.Courier JournalFor 1912Margolen,$100 Reward $100.The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is 'at least Ione dreaded disease that science has ibeen able to cure in all its stages, and jthat is Catarrh. Hall's Catatrh Cureis the only pos.tive cure now knownto the medical fraternity. Catarrhbeing a constitutional . lsase requiresa constitutional treatment. Hall'sCatarrh Cnre is taken internaLy, acting directly upon the blood and mucous surfaces of the system, therebydestroying the foundation of the disease, and giving the patient strengthby building up the constitution andassisting nature in doing its work.The proprietors have so much faithin its curative powers that they offerO ie Hundred Dollars for any casethat it fails to cure. Send for list oftestimonials.Address F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, O.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for . constipa'tionr f -- 'j v .LParis, Ky.mJiYou can not keep posted on current political events unless youread theCourier-Journal,(Louisville, Ky. Henry Watterson, Editor)This Presidential Year.The Tariff will be the issue andthe battle will be a hard foughtone. You can get .Daily CourierJournal(Excepting Sunday-Issue) andThe Bourben NewsBoth One Year for $5.00only holds good untilThis offerFebruary 29.j lo get advantage of thisorders must be sent us,J Courier-Journal.cut rate, .not theNEW ORLEANSMOBILESPECIALMARD1 GRASREDUCED FARESTicKets on salt February 13, S49 159 i$9 179 SS and 19Good Itturnlag matil March 2, 1912, with Mvalig'e of ZxtensioaSTOP OVERS .T ALL PRiMCtPAE. POmTSFOB FULL PARTICULARS, CALL OH AHY TICKET AQEHT. OB WRITEH. C. KING, Wf A. BECKLER,Passenger and Ticket Agent, General Passenger Agent,Phone 49. 101 E: Main Street. Lexintrton. Kv. Inn-alls RuiWimv Cincinnati. O'xV THE BOURBON NEWS? PARIS, KENTUCKY,, FEB. 16, 1912'T L ! : " 1V" -UtJ WCaan lW hiR I SPSS Timor ..lia u Jii'... . MThe Poolof FlameLOUIS JOSEPH VANCEIIlHtnaioHs by EILsworfk YosngCopyrigHt 1909, by Louis Joseph Vance'SYNOPSIS.CHAPTER L-The story opens atMonte Carlo with Col. Terence O'Rourkein his hotel. O'Rourke, a military freelance and something of a gambler, isdressing for appearance in the restaurantbelow when the sound of a girlish voicesinging attracts his attention. Leaningout on the balcony he sees a beautifulgirl who suddenly disappears. He rushesto the corridor to see a neatly gownedform enter the elevator and pass fromsight.-,? PSF .-O'Rourke's mind "isfilled with thoughts of the girl, and whenhe goes to the gaming table he allows hisremarkable winnings to accumulate indifferently. He notices two men watching him. One is the Hon. Bertie Glvnn,while his companion is Viscount DesTrebes, a noted duelist. When O'Rourkeleaves the table the viscount tells him herepresents the French government andthat he has been directed to O'Rourke asa man who would undertake a secretmission.CHAPTER IIL-At his room O'Rourke.who had agreed to undertake the mission,awaits the viscount. O'Rourke finds amysterious letter in his apartment Theviscount arrives, hands a sealed packageto O'Rourke, who is not to open it untilon the ocean. He says the French government will pay O'Rourke 25,000 francsfor his services. A pair of daintv slippers are seen protruding from under adoorway curtain and the viscount chargesO'Rourke with having a spy secretedthere.CHAPTER TV. When the Irishmangoes to his room he finds there the owner of the mysterious feet. It is his wife,Beatrix, from whom he had run away ayear previous. They are reconciled, andopening the letter he had received, hefinds that a law firm in Rangoon. India,offers him 100,000 pounds for an Indianjewel known as the Pool of Flame andleft to him by a dying friend. O'Rourketells his wife that it Is in the keepingof a friend named Chambret in Algeria.CHAPTER V. O'Rourke is forced tofight a duel with the viscount. The braggart nobleman is worsted in the combatand acts the poltroon.CHAPTER VI. The loyal wife bidsO'Rourke farewell and he promises tooon return with the reward offered forthe Pool of Flame. He discovers bothGlynn and the viscount on board theship which takes him to Algeria.CHAPTER VTI. Chambret has left Algeria and O'Rourke has to gain a military detachment going across the desert;to reach his friend. As he finds the latterthere is an attack by bandits andChambret is shot.' CHAPTER Vni. Chambret dies tellinrO'Rourke that he has left the Pool ofFlame with the governor general of Algeria. He gives the colonel a signet ringat the sight of which he says the officialwill deliver over the jewel.CHAPTER IX. O'Rourke Is attackedby Glynn and the viscount who ransackhis luggage, but he worsts them In theconflict.CHAPTER X. When he arrives at Algeria the Irishman finds the governorgeneral away. . He receives a note fromDes Trebes making a mysterious appointment. CHAPTER XL The viscount tellsO'Rourke that he has gained possessionof the jewel by stealing it from the safeof the governor general. He does not,however, know who has offered the reward for it. He suggests a duel withrapiers, the victor to get that informationand the jewel.CHAPTER XIII. The efforts of'O'Rourke are now directed toward speedily getting to Rangoon with the jeweland he starts by ship.CHAPTER XIV.-He finds the captainof the vessel to be a smuggler Who tries'to steal the jewel from him.CHAPTER XV. The jewel is finally secured by the ship's captain and O'Rourkeescapes to land.CHAPTER XVL With the aid of. oneDanny and his sweetheart, O'Rourke recovers the Pool of Flame.CHAPTER XVII. O'Rourke againforms his plans to pursue his journey toRangoon.CHAPTER XVIII. On board ship oncemore a mysterious lady appears who puz--zlesand interests the Irishman.CHAPTER XIX. O'Rourke comes upon a lascar about to attack the lady,who is a Mrs. Prynne. He kicks theman into the hold.CHAPTER XX. Mrs. Prynne claimsshe is en route for India on a missionfor the king.CHAPTER XXI. The ship captain Isoffered money to Increase the speed ofthe vessel toward its destination.CHAPTER XXIL There are suspiciousoccurrences on board, and a lascar seemsto be watching O'Rourke and Mrs.Prynne.CHAPTER XXIII. The woman tells ofsome one prowling about the cabin andtrying the dco1 f her stateroom.O'Rourke divined she had somethingon her mind which she hesitated tovoice, though they were practicallyalone; the man at the wheel was anonentity bronze statue in a fadedshirt, ragged turban and soiled cummerbund. "Then 'tis yourself will be glad, Igather, to be rid of us, madam?"He had not made up his mind whenhis thoughts were given a new turnby a new complication, in the shapeof Mrs. Prynne herself. That ladycame up the companion steps with noapparent hesitation, no fear or apprehension; quietly and confidently alert,on the other hand, she was visiblyarmed and prepared against danger inwhatever form she might have to encounter it.She came directly to the adventurer,without so much as a glance for thegroup of lascars or the grim evidencesof tragedy upon the deck. O'Rourkeshut his teeth with exasperation.Whatever he decided to believe of theserang, whether his judgment said ofthe man, "Guilty," or "Not Guilty," hedared risk nothing with the womanpresent. He could not tell what hellof murder and mutiny he might not letloose upon the Ranee, did he makeone ill-advised or hasty move. Alone,he could have faced th situation withBymm LI1M wr.mMn l-lir hieiue, ne leit as though handcuffed."You are hurt, Colonel O'Rourke?""A mere scratch, madam an inchof skin shaved off me arm. Be goodenough to return to the saloon, wakenDanny and send him to me."She ignored the curtness of his tone,even as. she ignored his wish. "Whathas happened?" she demanded, ranging herself by his side, "Who is thatthere on the deck?" Her voice rising a note, foreboded hysteria."Quick stabbed. I didn't want yeto see. A lascar ran amok, cut downthe captain, was killed himself kindness," the irrepressible humoristbroke out," of our little brown brother,the serang."His eyes never left the latter; notan instant did he take his attentionfrom the cluster of dark figures; hewas more than every ready to defendhimself should they make any overtmove, deeming his attention distracted. "What will you do?""How can I say? Do ye, for thelove of God, get below and leave meto deal with these fiends In me ownfashion.""Which," she returned equably, "isprecisely what I shall not do.""If that's the case," he said brusquely, "have the kindness to hand methe revolver by the captain's side, andye might see if the poor fellow stilllives."He heard a quick rustle of skirtsand the woman's hand closed over his,pressing into his palm the weapon hehad desired. As promptly, withoutfurther words, she turned to Quick,The adventurer deliberated briefly,while she bent over the captain, making a hurried examination. "He isbadly wounded," O'Rourke heard hersay, as he arrived at his decision, "butnot dead.""Praise God for that! ... Imust ask ye, madam, to back me up.It Is necessary to clear the decks. Areye ready?" He saw, out of the tailof his eye, that she had sprung to herfeet "Now, ye curs," he thundered,with a menacing pistol in either hand,"get forward, the lot of ye. Move, yeblackguards ! "They went expeditiously, crowdingbetween the deck-house and the rail,huddling together as if for mutual protection. The serang was the last tomove, and went reluctantly, or seemedto.Yet that was no time to judge himfor a minor fault. O'Rourke herdedthe pack before him, watched themscramble down the ladder to the foredeck, then backed to the spot wherethe woman stood above the captain.His arm was paining him somewhat,with the irritating, stinging ache thatsuch wounds produce, and he thrustone revolver into his pocket, claspinga hand above the hurt.In a flash realization of his losscame to him; he clutched the rail witha cry. The Pool of Flame, his sacredtrust, was gone! His eyes searchedthe deck wildly, but found no trace ofthe round leather bag with its precious burden. Despair gripped his heartin a clutch of ice, and for a space theship reeled about him. . . .He found himself gazing blankly into the woman's solicitous eyes. "Whatis it? What is it?" he heard her voice irepeating breathlessly. He knew thathis own lips moved for some secondswithout sound as he strove to answerher. The words, when they came,should .have been quite unintelligibleto her; he realized this almost as soonas he had uttered them: "The Poolof Flame!"Then he stumbled forward, cryingaloud for the serang. Half-way to theladder he halted; that individual'shead and shoulders were lifting abovethe level of the deck. O'Rourke covered him and called him aft as heagain retreated to the scene of thetragedy.Had he been in a condition to thinkcoherently, he might have acted moreprudentlj-. But maddened, he wasable to grasp but one fact; that thePool of Flame was gone and must berecovered at whatever hazard.The lascar came with what mighthave seemed suspicious alacrity, considering the fact that he was coerced,that O'Rourke held him at the pistol'spoint Gaunt and sombre in n themoonlight, moving noiselessly in hisbare feet, head up and arms swinginglimp, he advanced without a pause until about six feet from the Irishman;at which distance O'Rourke, collecting his wits, found voice enough to bidthe fellow, "Stop!"The serang halted, impassive, unmoved. "The sahib has called," he said inan even voice. "I am come. What isthe sahib's will with me?"His words, together with his halfindolent, half-defiant, wholly contemptuous bearing, supplied the one thingneedful to restore to the adventurerhis self-control. O'Rourke drew himself up, master of self once more, andlooked the lascar in the eye."You stand," he said slowly, choosing his words, "on the edge of thegrave. Do you comprehend thatdog?""Aye, sahib!""I have caHed ye, then, to demandback that which is mine, the leatherbag which ye stole when ye slew yourbrother, pretending falsely it was hewho had slain the captain. I counselye, speak truth and render back tome that which ye have stolen."The serang stiffened, his eyes glistening in the moonlight "Sahib!" hecried as if in supplication."No words, dog!" cried O'Rourkesternly. "Do as I bid ye, pr abide theresult of disobedience!" v"The sahib," said the serang slowly, "is full of eyes, and wisdom;- ' -He; uj uiasees wnat no man would believe hecould see, I am content." He bowedhis head with curious submissiveness,stretching forth his p$lms as if intoken of surrender.O'Rourke caught at his' breath. Hehad scarcely hoped , for this; he hadmerely called the serang aft as theleader of the lascars, hoping to frighten him into revealing whichever ofhis comrades had stolen the greatruby if he knew."Ye have, then, the leather bag?" hedemanded, exultation in his voice."Aye, sahib; or, if not that, I havethat which was therein.""The stone?""Aye, sahib.""Then give it me.""I am the sahib's slave." The serang flashed a strange smile at therevolver in O'Rourke's hand. His attitude puzzled O'Rourke; he wouldhardly have believed this of the man;rather he could have conceived of himas denying the theft to the last andfighting like an unchained fiend to retain his booty. His present pose wasout of character, or the Irishman misjudged him.Out of character or no, it was comfortable. The serang, with head bent,was fumbling in the folds of his sash;O'Rourke thought him over long aboutit, yet was Inclined to give him timein view of his abject surrender.At length, still smiling oddty, theman lifted his eyes and stretchedforth a hand tight closed. "The sahib," he said gently, "shall see thathis servant spoke truth. Let thisweigh with the sahib for mercy. Behold!" The brown fingers, unclosed and inthe hollow of his palm trembled thatwhich seemed a ball of crystalizedrose fire, the stone that man hasnamed the Pool of Flame. O'Rourkeuttered a low cry of satisfaction, stepping forward to snatch up the jewel.Simultaneously he was aware of aquick gasp from the direction of thewoman, followed, ere he could accountfor them, by two pistol shots.The adventurer groaned, pitchingforward blindly, one side of his head,from the ear to the temple, a-quiverwith an agony as if a white-hot ironhad seared him there. He stretchedforth an arm aimlessly and gripped aniron stanchion, stopping his fall, andhung there for what seemed an eon,sea and skies swimming blood-red before his eyes, in his ears a thunderous rushing as of mighty waters.By a supreme effort of will he kepthimself half-erect, clinging to the rail,and opened his eyes. So briefly hadpain blinded him that it was patentbarely a second had elapsed since thefiring of the shots. To his left astricken lascar was still in the act offalling; before him Mrs. Prynne stoodmotionless,, her face a mask of horror,revolver still poised; to the right theserang, drawing a kris, was smilingsardonically, his eyes fixed upon thewoman who had set at naught hisplans.O'Rourke tried to call a warning toher, for it was plain that she was appalled by what she had done, heedlessof all but the man she had killed; butit was as if the bullet that creased histemple had temporarily paralyzedhim; his tongue clave to the roof ofhis mouth and he could neither movenor speak.Powerless (he believed), he watchedthe serang gather himself' together,like some gaunt cat, and spring; intwo strides he would have been uponthe woman and the night had beencrowned with its most pitiful crime.Yet in midair, O'Rourke saw the manfalter and fall back, dropping thekris and clutching frantically r,.t nothing. Stupidly the adventurer saw thesmoke trickling from the muzzle ofhis own revolver and knew that, somehow, he had managed to pull the trigger. His heart leapt in his breast, sokeen was his gratitude. Tremblingin every limb, he essayed a secondtime to fire and put a final period tothe serang's career. But his shotwent wide and the cylinder jammedso that the hammer would not risea second time. With an oath he letgo the rail and attempted to bridgethe distance between himself and thelascar, who was now at a considerable distance reeling away toward therail.But his overtaxed strength, sappedby loss of blood, failed him; and-maliceinfused new vigor into the serang,new power to accomplish his finalfiendish actGrinning with anguish, the manleapt away from O'Rourke, staggeredand, jerking back his arm, flung thePool of Flame from him with all hismightO'Rourke paused, petrified with despair. The great stone, glinting inthe moonlight like the very heart offire, described a long and flaming arcand . . . the sea leapt up with ahiss to welcome it and it was gone.A bitter cry broke from the Irishman's lips; he made for the man,whom heAvould gladly have killedwith his bare hands. But again hefailed. The lascar, perhaps guessinghis intention, was at the last too quickfor him.By a supreme effort the gaunt serang seized the rail, lifted himself upon it, and dropped over the side, following that to win which he had given his life.CHAPTER XXV.Mrs. Prynne, roused out of her semistupor by O'Rourke's. cry, with somereturn of her habitual clearness ofthought, stepped to. the companionwayand called for her. maid. , ' .' 'O'Rourke passed a hand over liiseyes, and brought it -awayblackwith,blood, but was noJnore than" halfaware or thisv 'Dazed and heaft-broken, he stared blankly round the sham-Dies tnat was the deck, then, recovering slightly, saw Ceoile join her mis-tress, and realized that, whatever hispersonal grief, pain and despair, hemust Play the part of the O'Rourke.So he turned and staggered down intothe saloon(Danny was in his berth; sleeping thechildlike and loglike sleep- thai! wasever his. Dravos, below, his ears deaf-ened by the mighty chant of his engines, had been no more conscious ofthe drama on deck than had Dannv.O'Rourke caught the boy with handsthat gripped his shqulders cruelly,, andshook him awake, then methodicallybooted him up the steps to the deck.Once there, Danny came to his proper senses and fell with a will to thetasks O'Rourke set for him. With Cecile he lifted the unconscious captainand bore him down to his berth, thenleft him to the ministrations of mistress and maid and returned to throwoverboard the last corpse, that of thelascar whom the serang had set toslay the adventurer from behind.O'Rourke himself proceeded to thebridge, where he found the helmsmanstill at the wheel, soberly keeping thevessel on her course. The circumstance at the time surprised him; butit afterwards was developed by lintof cross-examination of the remainderof the crew that the serang had specially exempted Quick and Dravosfrom the general massacre, they beingheld necessary to the navigation ofthe ship. He had likewise put strictinjuctions on the helmsman not to desert the wheel, whatever the tide ofbattle, whether for or against hisbrethren. The stabbing of Quickseemed to have been accidental, ornecessary under circumstances unforeseen.As a matter of fact, the remainderof the lascars were thoroughly, cowedand proved unbelievably docile for thebalance of the trip.- Thus it was that the voyage of theRanee from Aden to Bombay waspushed through without further fatality. To the Irishman, however, mustgo'more than half the credit; foy forty-eighthours he never left the bridge'nor once closed his eyes in slumber.It was not indeed until the Ranee,on the stroke of the hour, the eveningof the fifteenth day of June, walkedsmartly into Bombay harbor, the international code signal "NJ" fluttering-from her peak, rounded Colabraand dropped anchor off the point; notuntil Danny and Dravos, free at lengthfrom their toil in the broiling engineroom, came on deck to relieve him,that O'Rourke collapsed stumbleddown the bridge ladder and lurcheddrunkenly down the saloon companionway. His head humming withsleep, his brain bemused with fatigueand pain, his eyes heavy, he brushedby Mrs. Prynne without seeing her oreven hearing her low cry of pity andsolicitude; and so entering the firststateroom that he came to, threw himself, already asleep, into the berth.As he did so a loaded revolverdropped from his numb fingers. . .CHAPTER XXVI.It was night when O'Rourke awoke;he found himself staring wide-eyed atthe ceiling of the stateroom, uponwhich rippled wavering lines of lightreflected through the porthole by thewaters without. His mind for thetime was a blank; he was merely conscious that he was rested and verythirsty, and that the ship was motionless. Then in a blinding flash memoryreturned to him. He rose, curiouslylight-headed and strangely weak,pushed open the door and stepped into the saloon.It was lighted, if poorly, by a smokykerosene lamp dependent from a beamabove the center-table, and wore a hollow, dingy air of desolation for all.that Danny slept there, his vivid head,pillowed on arms crossed before him,on the table. The ship was utterly silent, and the O'Rourke's sensitive iastinct told him that it was tenanted,only by himself and the servant.He clapped a hand on Danny'sshoulder and shook him into wakefulness. The boy leapt to his feet witha cry and, seizing O'Rourke's hand, began to sob upon it a touching butdisconcerting performance, to the lastdegree exasperating to a man thirsting and famished.O'Rourke, as gently as he could, disengaged his hand and thrust Dannyaway, at the same time indicating inno uncertain tones that he preferredmeat and drink to emotional, crisis.Provided with a duty, Danny's sentimental nature was diverted; he bustled away and returned with, an excellent cold meal sandwiches, a salad,cheese, and other edibles upon a traygraced likewise by a bottle of champagne. And you are "to believe thatthe master fell to and wolfed it all,to the last crumb and the last drop.-A new man, refreshed, he demandeda pipe, and, with his head cocked onone side and something of his old humor twinkling in his eye, what timeit was not clouded with bewildermentand concern at the answers he received, cross-examined his valet."How long," was his first question,"will I have slept now, Danny yedivvle?""Wan complete round av the' clock,yer honor."- "Where are we?""At anchor, sor, off the Fort in Bombay harbor.""Umm-hm. I'm by. way of remembering ' something of that. What ofthe captain?" , -., ' vf Continued in our .NextGenerally. xYou can generally,, find a-rfwhera anything foolish is bfcrowddona.SHOEOur new Fall line in alii leathersPatent Colt, Russia Calf and GunMetal, now ready for inspection.GeoxJOIN THE JUNIOR ORDERunItod AmericanMechanicsThe Onfy Strictly American Organization Known ttHistory. None But American Born Admitted' .Initiation Fee for the Next 30 Days $a25Each member carries $250 insurance- with i his membership; $3 per week sick benefits.Dues 10c per week.In addition to this, member can carry from 50$ to$3,000, graded, according to age at entrance. A man at30 years of age can carry $3,000 for $2.25 per month or$27 per year. Policy in force immediately after -approved.Should member die next day full face of policy is paidThe organization has paid $5,217,871.62 in the-pasteleven years in sick and death benefits. Has a surplus of$284,174.01. For further information call on or address,i107 Eftu Sc n. time-taebl;IN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M-TrainsNo.FROM311342971040373123326259138.38539308321431Atlanta, Ga.. Daily 5 21 amLexington. Ky., Daily..... V.7Z...T!T!irrLI" 4.34amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 aMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ;.i 7.38 amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday... ; 7.55 anLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ' 8.12 amCincinnati, O., Duily 9.50.amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .- 10.20. am-Lexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily...'. 10.24AamLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . . . . . . . 12.00 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday..'... 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pm'Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pmKnoxville, Tenn.. Daily ' 3 05 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily c ...."'."!'.""..." ".5!25 pmCincinnati, O.. Daily Except Sunday 5 40 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6,03 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday , . . .6.03 amJacksonville, Fla., Daily "... . " 6 05 pmLexington, Ky., Daily l.V.'.'.V.liOAS pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrains IDo-part ilNo.344294010137373313362625TOCincinnati. O., Daily ,Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday..' ..".". .Vf.V .5Lexington, Ky., Daily Excepfe Sunday 7Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. 8,Lexington, Ky., Daily 9,Knoxville, Tenn., Daily. . . ..V.'. '....'.9,Jacksonville, Fla. , Daily ?. . . . . . .10.Lexington , Ky. , Daily 10,Maysville, K., Daily 12Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.jjexmgton, jy., uany jsxeept38 Cincinnati, O., Daily9KowJand, Ky., Daily Except Sundav 53932813Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday... 5.uincinnaii, u., uauy...Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6Lexington, Ky., Daily fi30 .Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.6L juexmgcon, is.., uanyid Atlanta, uaM uaiiyIs"- dh O. TIItlE-TABIjKIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911..Trai3?.s j&jrrlyr&.No. FROM f2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. . t8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday. . .162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only. . .. .t. . . t.TrainsNyO. " . TO -161 .Prankforfc & Louisville, Sunday Only.- 7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except' uniuy .. 1 F ankfort. Ky., Daily Except Sunday. ?., .v.3 Frankfort, Ky Daily Except Sunday 4 . . ' . .For 33 yearsNettleton Shoeshave stood for trueeconomy to the manof moderate means;and to the man ofwealth, the best thatmoney could buy. Weare sole agents "lorParis. 1M'WIIams,J. D.HUNTER,st Tenth Street,. Paris, Ky.jrrrv3.28lm.35 am.47 am.20 arc.20 am.57 am.55 am.24 am.27 am,05 pm.04 amSunday 3..34 pm.0 pm.52 "nm.57 pm10 pm. v g..10 pm.15 Dm.25 pm.55 pm10., 10.cm pm11..8.13 am:..:.40 pm.5.50 pm...10..00'PMir0 - -Zjfeartr.i,. 7.10. amT. . . . . . . ..7V4fcvki::.... ..SmTHE BOURBON NEWS, PSRIS;; KENtflGKY,- FEKli-ai'is',vI! '1 :!ftIfjj;WeekOF THE1? A TfYP VCLEARAMCEGreater than our most sanguineexpectations has been the disposalof the large shipments of theManufacturers' over - productionsof Shoes and Rubbers.. . . r ..... .. L.'gQiIJ1 ALfToMorrow5(Saturday),The balance of this great stockwill be thrown on sale at prices solow that every pair will find newowners at once.To make this sale more interestingwe are placing on sale 300 pairs of$4 Walk-OverPatent Leather Shoes at$298Come Early and Get First Choice,as this Stock is Limited.DAN COHEN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky.'for Sale Cheap.Che "Leer System" file. In goodcondition. Will sell cheap tor cash.Apply at News office. "Insure with W. 0. tlinton.Prompt payingcompanies.non - unionWill Probated.1 The last; will of the late Mrs. MaryE. Case, bearing the date of April 28,1910, has been probated and orderedrecorded in the county clerk's office.The entire estate, real personal andmixed is left to her nephew, Mr.Joseph Jacoby and her niece, MissPearl Jacoby, of near Hutchison. Ttiebeneficiaries are named as executorsvvitout bond.IV0YALBaking PowdeiiABSOLUTELY PUREMakes delicious homebaked foods of maximumquality at minimum costMakes home baking ai&ureWilt Meet Cynthiana Teams.The basket ball teams of the JjFarisHigh School the boys and girls willgo to Cynthiana tomorrow night wherethey will meet the teams of theCynthiana High Schou! in a doubleheader at the Cynthiana High Schoolpymnaisum. A number of the HighSchool enthusiasts will go down toboost their teani3, and a double victoryis hoped for.Lace Curtain Bargains.To close ojt our lace curtains in one, 'two and three pair lots they will go onslae tomorrow at 9 o clock. Remarkable lowness of prices. Silk tapestry,muslin and curtains of every description go in this sale. Be on hand early.J. T. HINTON.Sheep Quarantine.Dr. Payne, Government livestockinspector, is in Winchester in theinterest of the enforcement of the lawrequiring the quarantine of sheeafflicted with the scab. The diseasehas almost disappeared, tnere beingonly one small flock in Clsrk countynow affected. The quarantine cannotbe raised on Calrk county becauseother counties contain many infectedflocks, it is said.SatGenuine Sorghum.New barrel of genuine Sorghum'molasses just opened. Fhone yourorder.tf SAUER.Bfe. Eat What .BROWN'S fj LITTLE TABLETSCures Indigestion, Dyspepsia. Hearth amv 50C PACKAGEG. S. Varden & Son.The only Baking Powdermade from Royal GrapeCream of TartarLime Phosphates.MILLERSBURG ITEMS.Patrons andare cordiallyMiss Lucy Robinson is among thesick.Mr.and Tuesday.Miss Ida Dodson is suffering from anattack of grippe.Mr. Russell Powell is improvingfrom a recent illness..Mr. George Howard is seriously illwith typhoid-pneumonia.Mr. 3. K. Proctor left Tuesday for afew days visit in Hamilton, 0.Mrs. Anna Jefferson left Tuesdayfor a visit to relatives in NJason county.Mrs. Mollie Cray is some beter aftersuffering an attack of acute indigestion.Master Howard Fightmaster, whosecondition was thought to be critical, issomewhat improved.Mrs. Lila Wood, of Richmond. Ind..arrived Tuesay asl the guest ol Mr.M.P. Wells and family.Mr. and Mrs. E. C, Hawkins wereguests Wednesday of her father, Dr.Thompson, at Blue Licks.W.B. Collins moved Wednesday fromthe property of Mr. Mart Bowles tothat of the Griffith sisters on Vimontstreet.Waddell Bros, have installed electriclights in their drug store and Mr. T.T. Hentley in his barber shop. Otherswill do so in tha near future.This evening at 7 :40 h recital willbe given at the M. F. C. by the pupilsin music and expression,friends of the institutioninvited.Mrs. Turner Perry, of Owingsville,arrived Tuesday to be present at thegolden anniversary of the marriage ofher parents, Mr. and Mrs. Thos.McClintock.Three members of the family cf Mr.Alonzo Case, who have been quite illwith typhoid fever are improving. Mr.Case and one son are yet in a seriouscondition from typhoid.Mr. W. V. Shaw entertained Wednesday afternoon from 2:30 to 5 withFive Hundred in honor of Miss DakotaBest, of Washington, D. C. Most ofthe society ladies of town were present. The International Harvester Company, of America, presented "TheRomance of the Reaper'Mn moving pictures at the Opera House Wednesdaynight. This entertainment was freeand they were greeted by a goodthough not large audience. Their entertainment was in every respect goodtmd would bear repetition.The golden anniversary of the marriage of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas McClintock, will be celebrated Saturdayafternoon at their beautiful home onTrigg avenue. Mr. and Mrs. McClintock have spent their entire life inthe Milersburg community and belongto the old pioneer families of CentralKentucky. They are both remarkablypreserved for their years and Mr. McClintock is yet an active business man.For years he has been identified withthe mule industry and a great part ofhis early life was spent in Southernmule markets. This promises to bethe most prominent social event of theseason in Millersburg, there beingmore than four hundred invitationsssued for the occasion.Report of Cain Sale.The public sale of stock, crop, farming implements, etc., belonging to W.F.Cain on the Flat Rock Dike in Bour-G. W. Judy was in town Monday ; bon county, was conducted Wednesdayby Harris& Speakes, real estateagents. A large crowd attended, anhe prices realized were satisfactory.Horses brought from $140 to $187.50;mules $135 to $150 ; 2 milk cows $45each ; 20 head of 8U0 poun 3 yearlingsteers brought $33 per head ; 10 broodsows $12 to $16 ; shoats $4 to $6 : sheep$5.40 per head ; 25 barrels of corn soldfor $5.40 per barrel ; 5 tons of baledoats, $31 a ton; 200 chickens broughtfrom 25 to 40 cents each ; the meat ofsix hogs ; hams 16 cents per pound,shoulders 12 cents; bacon sides 14cents, and lard 13 1-2 cents per pound.Farming implements and householdfurniture brought good prices.Bock Beer.Pabst celebrated Milwaukee BockBeer on tap. Also in bottles atCrutis',near L. & N, depot.Kr?f.s - 1 Afor u urn iiTVdmxaiitt mIf!tCOTldtjtuoftuai m w can,m oifan v& mm cut.VMCopyright 1910, by the Standard Adv. Co.OST of the misery and suffering inthis world can be traced to theviolation of natural law to provide for the future. The man who doesnot save his money will suffer for it.We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accountsi DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS,Capital $100,000Surplus $30,000,rHave You AttendedK J. meeW$ February Clearance Sale?If Not, 'Why Not?Siiiodreds of wonderful! vaSues await you here Every articlein our entire stock of Purnature, fSugs, Carpets, Curtaans andStoves gatly reduced Don't Set this grand opportunity passyour notice SSelow we Quote four of the many values:Dining TablesSolid Oak Table, 6 feet, squaretop $4.75A round Table, 48 inch top, 8feet long, very massive, highlypolished golden oak, just likeKitchen CabinetsSolid Oak, Glass Doors,Canopy top, Two Large Binsfor Flour and Meal, BreadBoard and Two SmallDrawers in base. In ourFebruary Clearance Sale foreIBW0M Drawers in base. In our ""IS -f1 February Clearance Sale for 1 Icut. Clean 9Rockers.ReTwenty-Four Indictmentsturned.The Scott county grand jury returned Wednesday twenty-four indictments. Four of the. indictments wereagainst keepers of alleged gamblingplaces, while fifteen of the numberwere for bootlegging and illegal formsof whisky selling.Base Ball Notes.Manager McCann.'of the Maysvilleclub, has signed Chas. Wetterer, ofthe Carolina Association, and HaroldRunyan, an, outfielder of Milford, O.Manager Ed. McKernan, .of theBattle Creek, Mich, club, who willcome riouth with his team this .springwill play a series ofs games with theMaysville team in that city the latterpart of April, according to the announcement of Manager IMcGann.McKernan will in all probability touchParis; before returning to Michigan,with what we hope, his champions.A Solid Oak Sewing Rocker, cainor wood seat,75cA large OakRocker with arms,wood or leatherseat. In our February ClearanceSale$1.75ron & Brass BedsWe are offeringa beautifulWhite Bed withbrass knobs inour FebruaryClearance SaleFor $1.95tf MlMs i 1 v-ih 5p? MAnd one like cut forA. f. Wheeler furniture Co.' Paris, KentuckyCor; Main and Third Sts. CHAS. A. GREE?N, Mgr. Opp. Court House:I1irv.-.