X".THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND PBIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY FEBRUARY 23, 1912! SPECIAL FOR!Tuesday, Feb. 27At TheSimon Department Store.15c Madras at 11c per ydSale from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.The Simon Department Store.Paris, KentuckyL.NOTE New line of Spring SuifcsCoats and Dresses arriving daifiy-$ Zjred and 3ound SuiltyW Of Selling the Most Goods WFor the Least Money. Myf : 4jj 16 lbs. Granulated Sugar. $ 1 .OO wul 2 cans good Corn 1 5c yiyW Good Bulk Coffee, per lb 22 1 -2c WOld Reliable Coffee, per lb 30c jjjjj2 1-2 lb, can Asparagus 20cHI? Full qt. can-Karo -Syrup-- -... rWr-rrrr 10c 'ftjy New Orleans Molasses, per gal 4-5 c8 bars Lenox Soap 25c tfjrLarge size Mackerel 1 0 or 3 for 25c WMedium size Mackerel 5 c3 boxes Matches 1 Oc ijfoW BLUE RIBBON FLOURIC 25-lbSack 70c )KA 5G-lb Sack $ 1 .4-0 &A 1 OO-lb Sack $2.75Now, you cannot say that Paris is a high town on $jffft grocers, for everybody is coming to Paris to trade at Sjffft Lenihan's Cash Grocery. They get the same goods for ff(Ik less money. $I i. ti. iL.mii aiiCash Grocery.6 Brxf-ti Ddnnnc 91v. .. .-"U r. r.IPAd Early ShipmentOPSpring Hats and CapsFORMEN AND BOYSWe Arc Showing All Latest Shapes and ColorsA Beautiful Line of Shirts at50c, $1,$1.50Come in and Let Us Take Your Measure forYour Spring Suit,$ 1 6.50 to $45eOOS00 Samples on Displayprice &G0.6iotniersPRPhoto of Prisoner Sent to Cincinnati.Upon the request of Chief of PoliceJackson, of Cincinnati photographs ofthe negro who is being held here, supposed to be Chas. Jones, wanted inCincinnati for the murder of his whitewife, Bertha Courtney, were takenWednesday afternoon and forwarded tothe. Cincinnati officials.From the description sent to theCincinnati police there are severalpoints, according to Chief Jackson,whicK indicate the prisoner may bethe man who is wanted in that city,and for that reason aaked for photographs of the man.It is proposed by the Cincinnati degpurtment to send a man here who isacquainted with the negro Jones, whois alleged to have murdered his whitewife, in an effort to identify theprisoner. The prisoner is being heldserving a fine and imprisonment of tendays for carrying concealed weapons,which will hold him in the Paris jaillong enough to establish his identity.Jones was arrested last Friday byPatrolman Link on Pleasant streetafter he had received a complaintfrom a colored woman that the manhad threatened her life. The negro,when taken into custody was carryinga revolver and dirk knife. Since being incarcerated in the county jail hehas assumed a sullen attitude and appears to be very nervous twhen approached by the officers.The close resemblance of the negroto the man wanted in Cincinnatiprompted Officer Link to communicatethe fact of his arrest to the Cincinnatiauthorities.Lace Curtain Bargains.To close out our lace curtains in ore,two and three pair lots they are nowon sale. Remarkawble lowness ofprices. Silk tapestry, muslin and curtains of every description go in thissale. Be on hand early.J. T. HINTON.Boosting Slattery for Congress.The Maysville Independent is boosting Attorney Thomas Slattery, ofMason, for Conrgess to oppose Congressman Fields. Mr. Slattery is atpresent County Attorney of Masoncounty, and in these estimation of his'friends woald make a strong candidate.He is a brother of Mr. Ed Slattery, ofthis city.Auction.In the old Baptist church buildingSaturday afternoon, February 24, 1912,.at 2 o'clock. Furniture, gasoline -andoil stoves, washing machines, clothing,hats, boots, shoes, stoves, etc.HARRIS & SPEAKES.Senate Passes Appropriation BillWithout a dissenting vote the SenateTuesady passed the bill of Claude M.Thomas, of Bourbon county, appropriating 25,000 to cover the cost of Kentucky is proposed participation in thePerry Victory Centennial celebrationto be held at Put In Bay, Ohio, nextyear.Big Shoot Arranged.Arrangements have been prefectedby the Hill Top Gun Club, of Bourbonand Clark counties, for a match shotbetween J. D. Gay, of Pine Grove,Clark county, and Frank Kahler, thenoted wing shot, of Pennsylvania, fora shoot of 300 birds over the traps onFebruary 28, 29 and March 1.The traps are on Alfred Clay's farmin this county, and there promises tobe a large number of trap shooters atthis match. The club will offer apurse of $1,500 to the winner and thematch each day will be for 100 iirds.The one securing the best score in thethree days shoot will be declared thewinner.Kahler is known all over the countryas a crack trap shot, and has beenanxious for some time to meet theSouthern cracks and show them whathe can do. Of coruse Gay's anility isknown far and wide and he will givethe Pennsylvanian a run for the purse,if he looses to him.This is the biggest shoot betweenmen ever pulled off in this country andwill attract national attention.Saves One Half.Save one half your clover seed andinsure a stand. See the clover seeddrill on sale by Yerkes & Prichard. Itwill do it. 9 8tL; N. Must Pay Damages.The Court of Appeals Tuesdayaffirmed the Bourbon Circuit Court inthe case of the Louisville and Nashville railroad against the BurleyTobacco Society, The appellee received judgment in the Bourbon CircuitCourt for $40,000 for the destructionby fire, resulting from sparkB thrownby a passing engine, of two warehouses at Millersburg containing 352hogsheads of tobaccc. The warehouseswere under control of the BurleySociety and the Bourbon County Boardof Control.The plea of the railroad companywas that the appellee society was anillegal trust or combine and withoutauthority of law to prosecute the suit.The court here says the action wasperfect in the Burley Society and theBourbon Board of Control, and it wasimmaterial whose DarticularLto make up the tobacco burned.The court sets cut that it has no lessthan three times held that the BurleySociety is not operated in violation oflaw,, so long as it does not attempt toraise the price of leaf tobacco abovei:' s real value.The frmr navo if haa -FmmrlJ authority Violding that even the proper' ty of a trust could be negligently destroyed without redre3itoWintotoWe Are Now Offering SpecialPrices onerNOvercoatsandSuitsCome in and SeeDr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesThey Are the Proper Kind For Spring.I?; Mitchell & Blakemore,IOutfitters to MenParis9 Kentucky55EEm lEEEttlMUMlH 1 llilli TIXrnxiKMl1IIIIIIIlIIllirillTlIIIIllIIIIIIIIllIlIlIlIIIIIlIl-IllIIIIIIIIlIIIIIIIIIlIIUIIIIIIIIIllIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII.Ll.SFRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.Cordially InviteYou to Call and Inspect Our NewSPRING ANDSUMMBR STOCKite Goods, LiWash Goods, Piques,Hamburgs, Laces,Ginghams, Percales.A Few of Those Ladies' and Misses' Suits at$5.00 E1 , ' Frank & Co. I- . Paris, - - KentuckyftirI9THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB. 23, 1912THE BOURBON NEWSONE WAY OF SAVINGA BABY-FREE TO TRYMakes a great difference in most women. They are troubled with "nervesthey suffer from backache, headache, sleeplessness, a sensation of irritability ortwitching, hot flashes, dizzy spells, or many other symptoms of female weakness..The local disorder and inflammation should be treated with Dr. Pierce's LotionTablets and the irregularity and weakness of the female system corrected andstrengthened with Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription. The strain upon the yo-:nwoman or the woman of middle age upon the nerve and blood forming structuresmay be too great for her strength. This is the time to take this restorative tonend strength-giving nervine and regulator. For over forty years sold by druggistsCor woman's peculiar weaknesses and distressing ailments. The one remedy so perfec?BOTH- 'PHONES, 124. NO. 320 MAIN STREET.The mother does not live -who"would not do all in her power to keepher child healthy, but often she does; not know how. So when a doctorof standing points the way all canafford to listen.It is an accepted fact that nine outof ten of the troubles of infants andchildren is intestinal. You notice itC by the fact that the child is consti-pated, it belches, is peevish and cries.I Don't give a remedy that contains anopiate, because the child will get ink the habit of needing it, and don't become alarmed and run at once for adoctor.Try a scientific laxative first. Givea small dose of Dr. Caldwell's Syrupt Pepsin, the remedy that is intendedfor the use of children. It is mild,gentle and non-griping. The remedyis absolutely pure and is guaranteedin every particular. Mrs. Toomey ofEmingsville, Pa., and Mrs. FredCroms of Alanson, Mich., never givetheir children anything else. Theseare only a few among thousands olwomen.You can buy a fifty cent or onedollar bottle of any nearby druggist,for they have all sold it for a generation, but if you want to test it on yourchild first send your address to Dr.Caldwell and he will cheerfully sendyou a free sample bottle.Address him Dr. W. B. Caldwell.402 Caldwell building, Monticello,111.SWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and OwnerEntered at tho Paris, Kentucky, Postoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.in composition ana so guuu in curuuvc cucuis us iu warran.its makers in printing its every ingredient on its outsidewrapper. The one remedy which absolutely contains neitheralcohol nor injurious or habit-forming drugs.Following letter selected at random from a large numbeof similar ones and cited merely to illustrate these remarks :"Inthc vinter of 1S03, 1 became greatly run down and irregular."writes Mrs. Henry Scott, of Swan Creek, Mich., Route 1. Box 49. "slowly but surely grew worse, and, at last, resolved to apply to the doctors for help. The doctor said I had inflammation, enlargement and laceration. I was in bed eleven weeks and got no better. The doctor said Iwould have to have an operation, but to that I would not listen. My hatband purchased two bottles of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription. Whci1 started to take this remedy I could not walk across the floor, but afterI had taken three bottles I could feel myself gaining, so I dropped th-doctor and took Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription. Only for it I tiringI would have been dead I really believe it saved my life. I feel bcttccEstablished in J 88 1 30 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent, insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.Mrs. Scott. now than in tv.-enty years."I Bourbon Laundry(lisD AVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice.'ft(Kss(Usas(ISasA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Bourbon Laundry,Paris,, Kentucky.($s(b(hfwwiw(Looa,n.cLa,2:02The fastest Son of Allerton 2:09Sived by Allerton 2:09, the world's leading sire of standard performers;dam Katharina (great brood mare), by Alcyone 2:27; second dam KatieJackson; by Almont 33. Holder of world's pacing record, yz miles, 3:15X.TERMS: $50 TO INSURE A LIVING FOALPeter Billiken (3) 2:16 1-4Son of Peter The Great 2:07)4,leading sire of futurity winners, dam Baron Lassie, by Baron Wilkes 2:18.Winner 3f 6-heat rac,e against aged horses.Terms: $50 to Insure a Living Foal.& "X7igriiis 88907(2) 2.19Sire of Black Wig 2:07 , Ptemorseful 2:08, Dorcas H. 2:08', Betsy G.2:-10, Katherine A. 2:11 (Ky Futurity winner 1902), Bessie Brown 2:i2,Nedra W. 2:14. Rena Wise 2:15, Sheeney 2:15, Wig Wag (champion of Europe) Durgee 2:19, and twenty-three others in 2:30 list.$25 To Insure a Living Foal.Tom UYdEetolsLjiBhe celebrated James E. Clay jack, will make the season at Maplehurst Stock,fl5;arm. ToinMack is the best breeder of mu'.es that euer stood in the county.$12 to Insure a Living Foal.W. A. BACOfN, Paris,One of . the Many PopulaShapes That We Are ShowingA moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery."We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Hot anii ColdBATHS'Hot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. "Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.M, A. KAHAL.fire at Attractions at LexingtonOpera House."THE SLIM PRINCESS."Elsie Janis, the brilliant little musical comedy star, will come to the Lexington Opera House Monday, February26, presenting her latest musical duccess, "The Slim Princess." There areeights people in thb company and aspecial augmented orchestra and amagnificent production. Miss Janis isalways a great favorite with theatregoers, and her engagement will undoubtedly be a brilliant success. Shewill be supported by Mr. Jos. Cawthorn, and practically the same brilliant company as ran for nearly a yearat the Globe Theatre in New York.MAUDE ADAMS.Maude Adams comes to the Lexington Opera House Thursday, February29, in her magnificent production of"Chanticler." The company numbersa hundred people and is a magnificentproduction."THE SPRING MAID""The Spring Maid," the newest ofViennesse Operettasfrom which harmonious ripples have spread throughout the country since its music andmerriment were first heard in NewYork last year. This production comesto the Lexington Opera House Fridayand Saturday and Saturday matinee,March first and second The new firmof Werba & Leuscher are assuring aperformance of brililance For theprima donna role they have brought tothis country, Mizzi Hajos, the fascinating Hungarian, .who created thepart in Vienna. The great Spring MaidOrchestra, which palys a large part,will be a component production togeth-Blind Inference.Doctor "Thomas, did Mrs. Popjojget the medicine I ordered yesterday?" Thomas "I b'leeve so, sir, Isee all the blinds down this morning."ONE YEAR,$5.00 I SIX MONTHS.Payable in Advance$1.00Some Bald Fects.The Republican campaign fund in1908 amounted to $1,665,518.27. TheDemocratic fund was S620.644.27. TheRepublicans had more than a millionin excess of the Democrats.The number who contributed to theRepublican fund was 12.230, and to theDemocratic fund, 74,000. In otherwords, the number of contributors tothe Democratic fund was six timesgreater, and their contributionsamounted to a million dollars less. Thecontributors to the Republican fund,as a rule, were interested in legislation, the money coming Irom such menas J. Pierpont Morgan, Charles P.Taft, Andrew Carnegie, Charles M.Schaub, John Jacob Astor and theheads of the various woolen mills whodesired the passage of the Payne-Ald-richlaw, together with donations fromthe Wall street banks, railroad magnates and individuals representing thetariff trusts.The contributors to the Democraticfund were not personally interested inlegislation.The contributions to the Republicanfund ranged from $110,000 downward,while contributions to the Democraticfund ranged from $5,000 downward."Elevating" the.Workman.President McKinley in one cf hisspeeches said : "It must be concededthat the protective system has dignified and elevated labor. We observe itstriumphs on every hand."The industries most benefitted bythe high protective policy are steel,wool and cotton manufacturing, andwe observe the methods by which thesetrusts have "dignified" and"elevated"labor. We observe one result of this"elevating" process in the Lawrence,Mass., strike, where whole regiments,with drawn bayontts, are required tokeep order among men, women andchildren who are trying to retain theirpresent wages of six, seven and eightdollars a week, in which a cut hasbeen threatened.The "elevating" process is to beseen, in the flower of its beauty andtriumph, in the steel trust's mills,where men are forced to labor seventytwo hours a week for the same wagespaid laborers for 56 hours work in freetrade England. Still another evidenceof the "elevating" effect of protectionon labor is seen in the employment bythe trusts of thousands of children.A Big Difference."Millions for defence; not one centfur tribute."The American Woolen Mills Company, the woolen trust, spent hundredsof thousands of dollars in magazineadvertising, the purpose of which wasto educate the people into seeing thejustice of Schedule "K," and ihe wayit was making sheep raisers rich bypaying a big price for wool, and theway it wasSselling "good cloth to the,American people for less than they really ought to pay.And then, whenTthe workers in itsmills objected to a cut in the $6 aweek wages they were getting, fthewoolen company employed an army ofguards to protect its mills. When thestate shortened the hours of labor, ofcourse wages had to come down Ofcourse that. patriotic company wouldn'tpay 22 cents per week to its operativesin order that they might have Bhorterhours and still get $6 a week.$100 Reward $100.The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stages, andthat is Catarrh. Hall's Catairh Cureis the only pos.tive cure now knownto the medical fraternity. Catarrhbeing a constitutional . isase requiresa constitutional treatment. Hall'sCatarrh Cnre is taken internaLy, acting directly upon he blood and mucous surfaces of the system, therebydestroying the f mndation of the disease, and giving the patient, strengthby building up the constitution andassisting nature in doing its work.The proprietors have so much faithin its curative powers that they offerO ie Hundred Dollars for any casethat it fails to cure. Send for list oftestimonials.Address F. J. CHENEY & CO.,' Toledo, O.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. 'Now that Eggs are Cheaper Hereare Some Good Things to Eat.In the March Woman's Home Companion, Fannie Merritt Farmer saysthat many requests have come to herfor dishes in which eggs play an allimportant part, and she ;has beenwaiting for spring, when eggs are lowin price, to publish several recipes ;.ofgood dishes containing eggs. Following are two of her recipes:"Vienna Cake Beat the yolks offour eggs until thick and lemon colored, and ad gradual, while beatingconstantly, one cupful of fine granulated sugar. Then add three tablespoonfuls of cold water. Put one andone half tablespoonfuis of corn starchin a cup with pastry flour, sifted once.Mix with one and one fourth teaspoonfuls of baking powder and one fourthteaspconful oi salt. Combine miAtures, and add one teasponful of lemonextract and the whites of six eggsbeaten until stiff. Turn into a buttered and floured angel cake pan, andbake in a moderate oven from thirtyfive to forty minutes. Remove frompan and cut cross wise so as to makefour layers of equal thickness. Putbetween the top and bottom layerschocolate mocha filling. In the centerand over top and sides ot cake putvanilla mocha filling and sprinkle entire surafce with nut brittle."Mocha Filling Scald two cupfulsof milk in double boiler. Mix one thirdcupful each, of sugar and flour, andone fourth teaspoonful of salt. Addmilk gradually to mixture, and cook indouble boiler fifteen minutes, stirringconstantly until mixture thickens, andafterwards occaisonally ; then cool.Wash one cupful of butter, and workuntil cremy, then add cooled mixtureand one and one half teaspoonfuls ofvanilla. To one third of the mixtureadd one ounce of melted sweet chocolate, for the chocolate mocha filling."Parson's Poem a Gem.From Rev. H. Stubenvoll, Allison.Ia. , in praise of Dr. King's New LifePills:"They're such a health necessity.In every home these pills should be.If other kinds you've tried in vain,USE DR. KING'SAnd be well again.Only 25c at Oberdorfer's.May Stock Up On Quail.If the plans of the Scott countysportsmen materialize, that cuuntywill be rendered one of the best in theState for hunting. It is the purpose ofthe Scott county sportsmen to secure alarge number of Mexican and Mountainquail, which are very healthy and nonmigratory and turn them loose on thelarge farms over that county. It isalso planned to employ a special officerto patrol the lands after the birds arereleased and see that the game lawsare enforced.Special Clubbing Rate for 60Days.By special arrangement the News isenaded to furnish the most attractiveclubbing rate ever put before the public. For the next 60 days we will offerthe Daily Chicago Exaimner, recognized as one of the foremost journals ofthe United States in connection withthe Bourbon News, for one year forS3. 75. This is a great opportunity tosecure both papers at a great reduction. All subscriptions should be sentto the News. tfIS THE BEST IN THEWORLDbecause it is made ofthe purest and best ingredients, because itcontains more healing,strengthening and upbuilding material thanany other Emulsion, andbecause it is a perfectproduct of a scientifically perfect process.Doctors the world overrecognizeSGOffS EiililiSiilas the Standard preparation of Cod Liver Oil,AI.I, DRUGGISTS11-22GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALME8.BOTH'PHOUES DAT 137; SIGHT 399.Why not you join the great army ofcustomers and burnwNow is the time to try a load.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North Middletown, Little7 Rock anRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedNOTICE!TO!BUTCHERS 1AND FARMERS!Market Price I am Paying ForHides:Bsefjiides, 10 1-4 to 11 1-2Cents per lb.MAX MUNICH,8th Street, PARIS, KY.... ... Call East Tenn. Phone 374HI-SKOP!Modern Equipment.4 Barbers, ,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.Jlnnk Lanqborn4 Manicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.augl6tfEast Tenn. Phoe 669Everything Sanitary. vChildren's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDJoe. G. Mitchell,Against Fire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies.Phone 162Agent.LOWRY & TALBOTTParis- KextTJicikLrALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.will not be yours unless youhave a pa;:!or stove as artisticas it is serviceable. Have alook at the stoves in this hardware 'store. They are brightand attractive and really betterheat makers than the ugliestold stove you ever saw. Prettiness costs nothing either.Plain stoves cannot be boughtcheaper. .THE BOURBON NEW,S, PARIS, KENTUCKy, FEB. 23, 1912.TEfLEJFlfflrHave You Attended-49fifeJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN. PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!TRE JQB RBOffiS OF. THENewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asRemarkable Chinese Holy Shrinein Peking.Fop Imperial Worship Only, and Ceremonies Never Witnessed by Foreigners Customs of Centuries Observed.BILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS, ,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come. around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.Cfte Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.Peking, China. The Temple ofHeaven is the most sacred as well asthe most beautiful of all Chinese religious edifices. It is used only forimperial worship, and no foreignerhas yet seen the stately and elaborateceremonies that take place here onfixed dates every year. The buildingsof which it consists are situated in alarge walled in park in the southeastsection of the Chinese city of Peking.A broad, stone paved road leads tothe temple from the Chinamen, thelargest gate of the Tartar city. Thisgate is exactly in front of the mainentrance to the imperial palace. Themassive doors at its central entranceare thrown open only when the emperor leaves his palace to visit theTemple of Heaven or the Temple ofAgriculture.The park in which the Temple ofHeaven lies is almost square in shapeand is surrounded by a stout wall,nearly four miles long. Inside it isdivided into sections by other wallsand the visitor is bewildered by thenumber of gates through which hepassses when being shown round thesacred buildings. At each he has topay a small sum to the gatekeepers,who rely upon these tips as theirmain source of income. Some of theinclosures contain majestic buildings; others encircle the grazinggrounds of the sacred animals, rearedfor immolation upon the temple altars. The striking edifice, which is generally known as the Temple of Heaven, but is called by the Chinese theTemple of Prayer for the Year, towhich the emperor repairs each springto make offerings and pray for an auspicious year for his people, is a land-, x ' ' ' ,JL f- IDbeeler's February Clearance Sale?If Not, Why Not?Hundreds of wonderful values await you here Every articlein our entire stock of Furniture, Rugs, Carpets, Curtains andStoves greatly reduced Don't;let this grand opportunity passyour notice Below we quote four of the many values:Dining TablesSolid Oak Table, 0 feet, squaretop... $4.75A round Table, 48 inch top, 8feet long, very massive, highlypolished golden oak, just likernf HIp avarice Sale. . $18Kitchen CabinetsSolid Oak, Glass Doors,Canopy top, TwoXarge Binsfor Flour and Meal, BreadBoard and Two SmallDrawers in base. In ourFebruary Clearance Sale for$9.00Rockers,.IIFiA Solid Oak Sewing Rocker, cainor wood seat,75cA large OakRocker witharms,wood or leatherseat. In our February ClearanceSale$1.75Iron & Brass BedsWe are of eringa beautifulWhite Bed withbrass knobs inour FebruaryClearance SaleFor $1.95And one like cut for..25ecler Furniture Co.Paris, KentuckyCor. Mais and Third Sts. CHAS. A. GREEN, Mgr. Opp. Court Housetse.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESThe Temple of Heaven.ftmark for miles round. Its triple roofof deep blue, gold flecked tiles, surmounted by a massive gilt sphere, canbe seen from the railway some timebefore Peking is reached.It is comparatively a new building,having been erected since 1889, whenthe old temple, of which this is anexact copy, was destroyed by fire. Itstands on a triple marble terrace,having a stairway at each of the fourpoints of the compass. When the emperor comes here to worship, thetablets of his ancestors, which areusually kept in an" adjoining building,are placed round the single loftychamber of which the temple consists.A long marble paved terrace leadssouthward from the Temple of Heaven past a smaller building of similar! design, known as the- Temple of theUniverse, to the inclosure containingthe altar of heaven.It may be doubted whether anystructure in the world excels this forgrandeur and beauty. The marblepaved courtyard that surrounds it,like all the terraces in the park, isill kept and overgrown with weeds,and even the altar .terraces themselves are spattered with shrubs andgrasses. But nothing can detractfrom the majestic simplicity of thealtar.It is on the main altar, kneeling onthe circular slab of marble that marksits center that the emperor at eachwinter solstice, officiating as the highpriest of his people (by whom he isknown as the "son of heaven"), worships heaven and his ancestors atdawn.The previous night is spent inmeditation and fasting in the Hall ofAbstinence, a fitting preparation forthe solemn rites that are to follow.Nearly two hours before dawn the emperor is called and arrayed in ceremonial raiment, after which he makeshis way to the altar in a sedan chair,and kneeling on the center stone ofthe topmost terrace, burns incense toheaven, and renders an account of theimportant events of the year. Burntofferings of animals are made on analtar of green porcelain to the southeast of the main altar. In bronzebraziers ranged round the court thedeath sentences and offerings of silkand jade are committed to the flames.'Groves of cypress trees surroundthe altar inclosure, except to thenorth, where a series of triple gatesmarks the way to the Temple of theUniverse, while in the distance beyond, the roofs of the Temple ofHeaven can be seen'.t . jVjc' :Over 2,000 acres of land weresigned in Montgomery county Monday ,at tne tobacco meeting addressed by ;Resident LeBus and C. H. Berryman. IA large crowd attended the meetingand much interest was manifested. jHarry Howell and Crawford Mason ;were appointed county solicitors, andwill make a house to house canvassfor signers. The first loose sale willbe held there on Saturday, and tobaccois being received and made ready.Preisdent LeBus informed the growers that if they made the loose leafhouse a success he would install a largererdying plant in Mt. Sterling.The poolers in Montgomery countyfppl mnrft emeouraced over the ten-yearplan than of any plan for years, andbelieve they will sign up at least 5,000acies.Before leaving Washington forKentucky Monady night Representative J. 0. Cantrill had an importantconference with Senator Bradleyabout the hill providing for a semiannual census of unmanufactured leaftobacco in the hands of manufacturersand dealers. This bill, introduced byMr. Cantrill. ha3 passed the House andis now on the verge of being reportedby the Senate Census Committee.The Kentuckians decided that pressure is to be at once exerted for afavorable report, which will probablybe iorthcoming, and agreed also topermit no substantial changes in thabilll. An amendment, cn behalf ofPennsylvania cigar dealers raising theexemption from dealers manufacturing5:50,000 cigars annually to those turning 50,000 pounds of cigars annually,was conisdered for a time, but will beagreed to either by Senator Bradley orMr. Cantrill. Another proposed exemption on tobacco already contractedfor was decided against at the conference.Senator Bradley said that he hopesto have the bill passed within a fewweeks. It was with this expectationconfidentially in mind that Mr. Canrill left to plunge into his campaignfor renomination.Harris & Speakes conducted apublic sale of stock and farmingimplements Tuesday for Mr. J. B.Wood near Hutchison. A good crowdwas in attendance and the live stockbrought satisfactory prices, horsesselling from $100 to S187.50. One pairof hroses brought 365, 'and anotherpair $300. Mjles went for 165 to $220per head : cows S40 to $57 50 per head ;brood sows, $10 to $16, and sheep $5 to$6.50. The farming implementsbrought only moderate prices.MT. STERLING COURT. TheGazette reports the Mt. Sterling courtas follows: "About 2,000 rattle onthe market. The quality, with a fewexceptions, was common. Trade wasfairly brisk and prices were good."The best 1,000 pound steers brought$5.75, but that price was for steers ingooc1 flesh. $5.25 was the price forbulk of sales. Yearlings at 5 to 5 1-4cents. Heifers at to 4 1-2 cents.Cows at 3 1-2 to 4 1-2 cents accordingto flesh. Good sizei crowd at the pensand a great many cattle sold duringthe day."1 GEORGETOWN COURT. TheTimes reports Georgetown court asfollows: "There was a large crowd intown Monday but not a great deal ofbusiness done. Auctioneer B. B. Peakmade the following sales: For MorrisWeil to Lee Hiles 10 steers at S26 perhead: for James Suttonto R. H. Wolfe' 3 heifers for $26.75 per head ; for Morris Weil to John Crenshaw ,15 cattle at$21.35 per head ;f or same to Lee Hiles,1 13 cattle at $22 per head ; "for H. H.I Collins 3 calves at S20 each; for Oscar. Cook 3 calves at $25. U5 each. One hun! dred cattle belonging to Jas Thomp! son, of Wayne county, were unsold,j For Blackford & Casity the importedGerman coach stallion, "Bobby to J..B. Tucker, of Stamping Ground, for$350. A number of mules on therratk-et and they sold well. (J. S, Wilhama,. :or versaiues, uougnc two pair as ai'Ji .a pair. Unas. K. Thompson, or Lexington, Dougnt several pairs, one i aicat $480."Dogs have been playing havocwith sheep in Nicholas county, tiaflocks of C. L. Linville and MichaelO'Connell were attacked an-1 mic'idamage resulted.Wm. Meteer. of near Hucthisoo :bought 50 barrels of corn in the cribfrom a neighoor, the past week at 4.per barrel. Another sala of 75 barrelswas made in the same neighborhood,at $4 per barrel.At Mt. Sterling Monday, ThomasMcClintock. of Millersburg, bought 15head of mules at prices ranging from.$150 to $225 per head. He also bauarhttwo pairs of rauks at $235 and $30per pair.Indian Killed on Track.Near Rochelle, 111., an Indian wentI to sleep on a railroad track and was. ,I - t i art Kr -Vizi -Poof- vrvtoee T-T a Tvoiri 'XliLlU KJJf U W V lUCb VV7l - Ck-lV.for his carelessness with his life. , Often its that way wtien people neg:lect coughs and colds. Dr King'sNew Discovery will c ?re them and"so prevent a dangerous throat or,lung trouble. "It completely cured vme in a short time of a terriblecounh that followed a severe attackof grip7 writes J. R.. Watts, Floydada, Tex., "and I regained lo poundsin weight that I had lost.7' Quick,safe reliable and guaranteed. 50cand SI. Trial bottle iree afc Oberdoi;-fer's.Writer's Mean Remark. . . .It is a mistake to suppose that wjom-. -eiiare always talking about tleir-dresses. Sometimes they are talkingabout their hats. Exchange.War Waged On Indigestion.America's MostPrevalent Disease to Be Fought WithMedicine Called Digestit.-: -NevtfG. S. VarderB 8c Son to Supply Without Cost a Limited (Number;of Full Size Packages.If you who know7 the distress syniptoms of Indigestion, who experiencethe many discomforts of uoset stomachs, weie assured beyond a doublif you' knew positively your druggistcould supply a remedy that wouldrelieve you instantly and cure y.mpermanently, you would get a package quickly, wouldn't you?There is such a remed3 it i calledDIGESTIT and can be had from allfirst-class drug stores. You do nothave to takeninybody's word for itrrve "ts merit by trying it vourself. 'G. &. Varden & Son will furnish a fullsize package without cost to a "limitednumber of peopte.This liberal offer is made to show !you beyond a question of a doubt thewonderful merit of DIGESTIT. Ifyou are a victim you can not affordto miss this opportunity to get relief.Go to G. S. Varden & Son's and get apackage, as it will be furnished onlyto a limited number. ;DIGESTIT is a harmless medicineabsolutely free from poisonous- .or :habit-forming drugs. It digests food,in a natural way and supplies nu riment to the famished body.Drug stores throughout the country"u"1' - :ble medicine and are authorize 1 tsfi :sell it at 50c aptckage witn tne distinct understanding that your moneywill be refunded if you aa nt le sed with' results. .-;THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB. 23, 19124II fIOur Sale ClosesTo-morrow,Saturday, 24.Better come in at once and investigatethe extremely low prices on every thing inour line, it will surely pay you.Come in and look, even if you do notcare to buy.Public SaleOP-DESIRABLESUBURBAN HOMEOn Thursday, Feb, 1 1912,at 1 o'clock, p. m.I will sell at public auction on thepremises in East Paris, at 256 Mainstreet, my home place, consisting ofabout ten acres of land, with all mecessary improvements thereon, a iargetwo story brick house with nine roomsand halls, porches, large cellars, -Lathroom, hot and cold water upstairs anddown, electric lights and fixtures, meathouse, chicken houses, buggy andcarriage house, cistern, etcTERMS Made known on day of sale.Prospective purchasers are invitedto call and inspect the premises.At the same time and place will alsosell publicly one Holladay buggy, onebarouche and a lot of household furniture. MRS. SALLIE.C. McMILLAN.Paris, KyTHE FAIR!On Friday NextBeautiful pattern Wall Paperat 3c a roll.Elegant line of pictures, underglass a yard of roses regular38c at 59c.Wash Rags, large size, twofor 5c.Clothes Pins, extra large size,2 doz for 5c.Spring Clothes Pins, "worth 10ca dozen, 3 dozen for 10c.36-hour Alarm Clocks, each49c.Varnished hard-wood coatracks,- 2 for 5c....THE FAIR...Irr: .. .AXEL SKQVGAARD,The Celebrated Danish Violinist,at the Paris City SchoolAuditorium,'! UESDAY NIGHT, TERNARY 27,. AT 8 O'CLOCK.For Benefit of Educational Fund ofRichard Hawes Chapter, Daughters ofthe Confederacy.Price cf Admission,50 Cents.Tickets on sale at Mitchell & Biake-more's.Hemp Breaking Machine Is aSuccess.After working continually for thepast eight years the fond hopes ofFrank O'JNeal, Jr., of this city, theyoung inventor of a machine to breakhemp, have at last been realized, torafter giving his invention a thoroughtest it hasb een found to meet all thenecessary requirements and is theacme of perfection, a result of yearsof study and labor, and now the youngmechanical engineer has within hisgrasp a fortune.The idea of the invention was hrstconceived by O'Neal when he was astudent at the State University, Lexington, and Erom which institution heis a graduate in mechanical engineering. It was here he made the castingfor the first model, crude in itsmechanism, but the nucleus aroundwhich was constrcuted a machine ofwonderful capacity.During the eight years the inventorhas been engaged in the perfection ofthe machine he has constrcuted eightmodels, all but the last proving defective in Komft particular, Mr. O'Nealspent the greater part of his time inPhiladelphia, where his latest modelwas manufactured and BhiDned to thiscity, where it was given a thoroughtest.Little consideration is given to theimmense cost that has been attachedto the efforts of the inventor in perfecting his machine. It is estimatedthat in the eight years he has expend.ed an amount in excess of $30,000 andfurther expenditure will be necessarybefore the machine can be put uponthe market. It will :only be a shorttime until a large Eastern manufacturing concern will begin the manufacture of the hemp breaking machinesand place them on the market.The ninth model of the machine,which Mr. O'Neal completed aboutthree months ago was shipped to thiscity for the tests to determine the resuit of his labors, and was taken tothe farm of Mr. E. F. Clay, one of thefew producers of hemp in this countythe last season. The result was highlysatisfactory.One of the principal features of themachine is that it is equipped withgasoline engines, of the type used onautomboiles which were calculated toovercome a great obstacle in obtainingpower sufficient to operate the machine, the capacity of which is fivethousand pounds per day and it reallyturns out hemp cleaner than thatwhich isjbroken by Hand.Hemp breakers at work in the samefield, breaking the product by hand attheir best could not clean the hemp ina manner as satisfactory as the machine. In very i tender hemp, whichgoes largely to tow a great deal of thelint is lost in the old process of binding by hand, but the machine bothcleans and saves all the tow, separating it from the hemp fibre, which isfree from herds. Another great advantage in tne machine is that it willbreak and clean with equal thoroughness the tenderest and toughest hemp,and accoridng to the claim of the inventor it is not necessary for the hempto rot before it can be Ibroke, as themachine will clean and break it without rotting.It is thought by those who havewatch td the tests of the machine thatMr. O'Neal, ha?, after many disappointments, solved the problem of. breaking hemp by machinery, a probDEATH. Mem that has baffled the .ingenuity of. all inventors heretofore.mis. Margaret bray, aged 21 ! Hemp Krowing, whichyears, wife of Mr. Martin gGray. died, the principal industriesat ner home near Escondida Wedday morning at 9 o'clock of pulmonary ! tensively in other countiesLuuercuiusis. ivirs. uray was tnedaughter of Mr. and Mrs. HErlan Roeand had been in ill health for aboutA SALE F!WHITEComprising WhiteGoods, WashGoods, MuslinUnderwear andOther LinesKaufman, Sfcraus & Co.WOLP, WILE & COMPANY, SuccessorsEvery announcement this firm makes through thecolumns of the Newspapers contains a distinct and important message to the prudent and economical purchaser ofMerchandise from this establishment. The goods offeredare of interest for one reason or another, either it is theprice, or the exceptional quality or both. The prices areno doubt in most cases the attraction, backed up by sterlingqualities for which this firm and its predecessors haveacquired standing among all classes of Lexington's population and those of our surrounding country. We may add,that these goods offered here, are not bought for specialsale purposes, but are our regular carried high-class qualityof merchandise. No seconds, no refused styles or hardstock.Jfaufmanj Straus 6c Co,,Wolf, Wile & Company Successors.LEXINGTON, KY., NiNIMNNSGIINmitifiiwas one ofof Bourbongrown exin CentralKentucky, has in the past severalyears been practically abandoned owing to the extreme difficulty in securing laborers to break the product andprepared it for .the market. Handbreakers demand $2.50 per one hun-9ayear. She is survived by her parents,her husband and a baby boy about 14months old. The funeral was held attne re&iuence yesieraay morning, the dred pounds of the cleaned product, iservices being conducted by Dr. New- t and in manv instances received wazes !bhropshire. lhlS is the second in evMSS of this fnr their lnhnrs. Itonueain irom uic same cause which has . This has had the effect of reducing the !occurred in the family recently, an profits of the producers, who claimed!aunt or Mrs. uray havinu oied nhnnt ' a t,,,,,;.. f ha, for. iQt,ctwo months ao.MATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was issuedyesterday by County Clerk PearcePaton to Miss Jessie Hatfield and Mr.Chas. Columbia.lat-protfiable than tobacco and to theter they turned their attention.The fact that in a few months therewill be a machine upon the marketwhich can turn out the fibre at a much Iless cost than the hand breakers has 1revived the interest in hemp growingupon the Blue Grass lands, and the ve- JrT ' suit is that during tne coming seasonMr. James Hemphill, of Sharps- Central Kentucky counties will pro-'burg and Miss Emma Wilson, of Bath duce hundreds of acres of hemp. It is 'county, eloped to North Middlef.own, ; claimed by the farmers that the protnis county, and were married Mon- duct is far less wearing on the land ,day. lhe bride groom is a prominent j than tobacco, and with visible means'rarmer. His bride is the daughter of of getting the fibre ready for the mar-,Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Wilson. i (et at a much, less cost than in formerwill turn the attention of the'on:Miss Sarah Ellen Brannon and Mr.John Denton, Jr., were united in marriage yesterday afternoon at thePresbyterian manse on Duncan avenuethe Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive officiating.'The contracting parties are both ofBourbon county. The ceremony waswitnesed by an uncle of the hiide, Mr.B. L. Donovan, of Scott county.yearsland owners to the culture of hempa large scale.Will Submit Name oi Minister.Verdict for Railroad Company.The jury in the case of Will S. Arnsparger, of this city, against the Louisville and Nashville railroad at SringStation, Ga., Monday returned a verdict for the defendants. The case wasa damage suit instituted by .rirnsargeragainst the railroad for an alleged violation of agreement. Arnsparger, whois the cashier of a bank at Eton, Ga.,was here on a visit to his parents. Mr.and Mrs. C. Arnsparger, and upon hisreturn purchased a ticket, which healleged was for a through passage tohis destination. Arnsparger was putoff the train at a station twenty-fivsmiles from his destination an-i he wascompelled to .drive that distance toEton. He prayed for damages in theamount of SI, 500. Messrs. P. A.Thompson, Dan Jordan, Leo Keller,Rudolph Davis. Clarence Wetheralland Chas. W. Fithian, of this city,were summoned as witnesses in thecase.Mr. Jordan returned home Tuesdayand Mr. Fithian returned yesterday.The remainder are spending a fewdays in Atlanta.Salesman Wantedtto look after our interest in Bourbonand adjacent counties. Salary or commission. Address Lincoln Oil Co.,Cleveland, O.Saves 0nerlali.Save one-half your clover seed andinsure a stand. See the clover seeddrill on sale byYerkes & Prichard. itwin cio it. 9 gtSale Called Oil.Of !for-It is understood that the officialboard of the Paris Christian church' will be ready to submit to the congrei gation Sunday morning the name of ai pastor with the recommendation thati he be railed to serve the Paris churchj and to fill the. vacancy occasioned byI the resignation of Eider Carey n;. Mor-i gan, wno accepiea a can severalmonths ago lo the Vine street Chris-! tian church at Nashville, Tenn. The! board of the local church has hadOwing to the inclemency of the! under consideration a numberweather the sale of personal property J ministers and have selected oneand real estate of Mr. George Rassen-' the approval of the congregatoin.foss was called oft Wednesdav morn- iins. iNoim oi tne lots wr.icn wereadvertised were offered, owing to thefact that the unfavorable weather conditions drove tho crwod in after a fewhead of stock had been offered. Ahigh wind prevailed which was accompanied by a heavy downpour of rain.The prospects for a very successfulsale were good, and the promoters,Harris & Spekaes, will probably arrange the sale for a later date whenthe weather conditions are more favorable.Don't Read ThisAdvertisement!Unless you DON'T CARE about whatyou Buy, the Price Vou Pay or theQuality of goods you get. We havethe best Stock of Groceries an Paris,because we sell more, and consequently buy more frequent than theother fellow.SPRING GOODSSeed Potatoes, the best in the world, Onion Sets andGarden Seeds of all kinds, Flower Seeds, &e. All kindsof Fresh Green Goods.MONEY IN EGGSTry our celebrated Busch's Poultry Food it makes thehens lay whether they want to or not. We guaranteethis Poultry Food to do the work or your moneyrefunded.Highest Market Price Paid for Country Produce.HOME-KILLED MEATSWe pride ourselves on furnishing the best of all kinds of ftfresh meats. None but the best handled. Special atten- 9tion given to this branch.1 1 1 SPECIAL NOTICE ! ! !WWe will duplicate Anybody's Prices, ftand Vour Credit is Good for 30 Days.A. W. COTTINGi1AM9a he Up-Town Grocer, South Main St. 2Both Telephones No. 7Come to See Rock Crusher.City Jailer Harry Schoonmaker andAldreman Roger H. Simth, chairmanof the City Jail Committee of theGenreal Council, of Lexington, cameto Faris Wednesday afternoon to inspect the new rock crusher recentlypurchased and installed by the Bourbon Fiscal Court. The City Jail Committee of Lexington is contemplatingthe purchase of a rock crusher and thetrip was made for the purpose of examining into the working of the crusher here, which is a jaw;crusher oflatest design.Lent Started Wednesday.The Lenten season 'started Wednesday, which was Ash Wednesday, forty idays before Easter, wnich this yearfalls on March 31. -The day was observed by Roman Catholics everywherewitu regular Ash Wednesday massservices, and tne beginning or fortydays fasting in commemoration of the;fasting of Jesus Christ preparatory to ,his service in the ministry. Membersof the American Episcopal church alsoobserved the day with especial solemjjjnity as the opening of the penitential ,season.The name, Ash Wednesday, was derived from the ancient custom of putting ashes upon the head as a symbolof humble repentance of sin. In theRoman Catholic church it is part ofthe religious services on Ash Wednesday for the priest to put ashes on . thehead of each worshipper as he is kneeling at the altar rails. The ashes areput on in the form of the cross, andthey are the ashed from the blessedthe palms used on Palm Sunday of the'previous year.Good Tobacco Sale.Mr. C. L. Cownay, who lives on theImmense Line New Wall PaperCall at my store and pick fromtheanu luinersDurg pme, nas ; lare kw psring stocK or wan papersold his entire crop of tobacco to S. jjust what you need and have it put onM. Berry, of Carlisle, at In r.fmfs ! now and avoid the surinc rush. Rxnprf-straight.decorators ready to do your bi Jding.J. T. HINTON.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB. 23, 1912m BOURBON NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTMiwr:Special For Tomorrow.Special sale of sugar cured hamsfor Saturday only at 15 cents perjound. Both phones 442.CURTIS HENRY & CO.Special For Tomorrow..Special sale of sugar cured hams forSaturday only, at 15 cents per pound,tfoth pnones 442.CURTIS HENRY & CO.Purchase Lot.Stuart & O'Brien have purchased of' ttorney C. Arnsparger a building lotn rhe Clintonville pike, in Old airrounds Addition. The property is' .sated near the large warehouse ofuart & O'Brien. The price paid was41.60.3ays Grass Seed Establishment.Messrs. R. B. Hutchcraft and N.- rd Brent, grass seed and commission.erchants, have purchased of Mr. J.f: Haggard the brick grass seed jeaning establishment on Third street, jwhich the latter recently purchased of4r. George W Stuart. The price was!-. t made public.Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.Fire in Country.R. B. Hutchcraft had his frameJ welling of 7 rooms on Hardesty farmnear Hutchison to burn a few daystizo. Same, was occupied by JamesSmitson and family and they losteverything except two feather bedsand one stove. No insurance either onbuilding or household effects.Field Seeds.We are headquarters for timothy,clover and alsike seeds. See us beforebuying. Both phones 1413 4t CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.Played at Richmond.The boys basket ball team of theParis High School went to Richmondyesterday to meet the Noimal team.The Paris boys were confident of defeating the team which has benn theonly one to defeat them this season.The game ws played at the Normalgymnasium last night but the resultwas not learned.0atEqual.We now have the sole agency forOat Equal, the celebrated horse, muleand cow feed. Give it a trial.YERKES & PRICHARD.Special For Tomorrow.Special sale of sugar cured hams forSaturday only at 15 cents per pound.Both phones 442.CURTIS HENRY & CO.Work on New Street Begun.To lessen the danger of accident the'Louisville and Nashville railroad Tues-!dav beiran the reconstruction ot kastFourteenth street to extend beneath ,the railroad at the Claysville crossing. IThe work is being pushed by a large !force of men and is likely to be completed within a short time, weatherjjeriiiiLui.B. . L" i,o " Iat this crossing have become very ap-parent recently owing tothe larffenumber of trains that pass over thestreet crossing daily and to eliminatethf danger the railroad company decided to tunnel beneath the railroadand reconstrcut the street.0atEqual.We now have the sole agency forOat-Equal, the celebrated horse, muleand cow feed. Give it a trial.i:, 4x YERKES & PRICHARD.Special For To-morrow.Special sale of sugar cured hams forSaturday only, at 15 cents per pound,iioth phones 442CORTIS HENRY & CO.Compromises With Railroad.Miss Georgia Adamson, of Carlisle,who was injured in a wreck on the;Maysville Division of the Louisville.tnd Nashville railroad recently has ,compromised with the railroad for the ;Jamages she claimed for her injuries (i or $500. The wreck occurred near (Niiw Furrest about three miles from iis city, ar.d wr.s the result of the!Westbound pssener train sideswip-i.g a freight train which was entering a siting. Miss Adamson was .re of the passengers on tne train ;njured. She was thrown acainst a..ot ri oil nf hpr nnner teeth wereknocked out, besides she-everal severe bruises.sustained ,;;Sucrene Feeds.Rich in fat and milk. For asle byDODSON & DENTON.Are You Hungry?We have all kinds of dressed fowlsfruit and vegetables.C. P. COOK & CO.Heavy Wind Storm.A heavy windstrrm swept over thissection Tuesday accompanied by heavyPfl hv a drop inthe temperature. The wind continued .to blow a fierce gale all day Wednes-,day and Wednesday.night was .accom-;panied by a slight snowfall. RePort? -fmm th nnimtv are to the effect thatthe wind did considerable damage tofencing and in a number of localitiestrees were uprooted. The past fewf mnnrafo tpmnerature whicnHQJ n UJ. IllUUbl. " i I TfiinTOPri hv a very noucuamcfi, tnmnprsttire. made it verydisagre-able. Telephone communications in some parts of the countwere cut off owing to the'Wires beingblown down, while in a number ainstances poles were broken off by thesevere wind. Stock is said to havesuffered considerable from the suddenchange and a number of young lambswere lost.as a result of the cold.PERSONAL MENTION.Miss Louise Wyattis visitnigiriends in London.Mr. Edward Prichard was at homefrom Danville for the German.Mrs. Sallie McMillan is visitingMrs. Fannie Bean in Winchester.Mr. and Mrs. W. Ed Tucker havereturned from a trip to New York.Miss Marguerite Douglas is visiting Mrs. Arthur Jierry in Lexington.-Mr. and Mrs. Harry Simon havereturned from a business trip to NewYork.Miss Rachel Wicrcrins has returnedfrom a weeks' visit to friends in Cov-ington. I-Mrs. C. W. Heckthas returned rnost "nprotant and was of an enfrom a visit to relatives and friends in couraging nature to the consumers ofM t. Sterling. tne Clty w" nave been complaining tom r "cl L i no small degree ot the rates charged.Z l y 'a f ,SharPsb". ! Apparently it was the first step towardw u hM g?6St Wednesday of lMrs- , the municipal ownership of an electricWalter Martin. ; lighting pnt.Mrs. H. D. Burnaw, of Carlisle, Chairman Baldwin, of the Policeis visiting her daughter, Mrs. Curtis j Committee, made a report to theHenry, in this city. " Council in which it wss recommended-Mr. Eramett O'Neal has returned , that the members of the police forceto his home in Louisville after a visit eu,llty of the fFense ,f enteri"g.to Mr. Woodford Daniels. I ?a,.011 or Po1 room unleIs. ?n ffi:ialMrs. John Kuntz and littlehave returned from a viist to Mr.sonandMrs. Robert Burns in Covington.Mrs. Sidney G. Clay has returnedfrom a several weeks' visit to Mrs.John Bronson in Jacksonville, Fla.Misses Katherine Headley andKatherine Withers arrived yesterdayas the guests of Miss Katherine Davis.Mr. John Yerkes, of the firm ofYerkes & Prichard, spent, several daysin Cincinnati attending the Automobile !Show.Miss Frances McClelland, of Lex-ington, is the guest of Mrs. Wade jWhitley and attended the cotilion lastnight.Mr. J. H. Letton, Jr., of nearJackson is at the Good SamaritanHospital. Lexington, threatened withtyphoid fever.Mr. John Keith Vansant arrivedWednesday from Danville to visit hisparents. Dr. and Mrs. J. T. Vansant,for a few days.Misses Helen Lafferty, of Lexington, and Miss Martha Ferguson arethe guests of Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Hallon Duncan avenue.Mrs. James Ferguson who hasbeen ill for several weeks, was takento Good Samaritan Hospital at Lexington Wednsday.Miss Mary Walker, of Louisville,is the guest ot her brother, Mr.Thomas Wakler, at the home of Mr.and Mrs. Chas. N. Fithian.Col. Howard Estill, of Howardcounty, Missouri, was the guest lastweek of Col. and Mrs. John Cunningham at Escondida, this county.Mrs. Eilzabeth Rogers has movedto Lexington where she recently pur-i i :j i i ilnoon.Messrs. Joseph Uavis and Thop.Prichard, Ernest Martin, Frank Sledd,Graham Young and .Jason Kedmon at-tended a dance given in Winchester IWednesday night.Air. ami Mrs. Li. lvl. lrue are inLouisville this week where Mr. Truei is attending the Lumbermen's Don-vention. Before returning they will... T, n , r-T ,V1311' uu"'& uicch ciuu uduumuu.Misses Katherine Nelson andSarah Goodloe Benton, of Winchester,are the guests of Mr. and Mrs. WilhersDavis, and attended the cutillongiven by the Bourbon German cluolast night,Mrs. Clark Barnett has gone toLouisville to be at the bedside of herfather. Prof. C. L. Martin, who isquite ill at his home in that city. Prof,1VT o f-; 11 ittqc tnrmrolu c:MTiprinl'nHpnt nf! the public schools in this City., t ixr r i l. I; -Mr. and Mrs. J. W Larkm haverented the cottage of Mrs. BettieMcllyaine on Fifteenth street and willj obtain possession immediately. Mr 1j and Mrs. Larkin recently disposed of jt their residence on Higgins avenue to jMrs. Flanders, of Millersburg. !, i i, -Mr. and Mrs. Charlton Alexander .I Mr. and Mrs. N. K Brent, aiVi '; Mrsl. Duncan Bell and Messrs. Woorj,! ford Buckner, John Yerkes, 1. H-Clay, Jr., and W. C. Massie attended ,: the Automooue onow in (jiuciiuidiithis week. Mr. and Mrs. Bell haveabout rlosed a deal for a- handsomeelectric car which will be delivered in ,the early spring.Misses Hazel Wollstein, Goldie andEssie Saloshin anfl their guest, MissMildred Cohen, of Huntington, W.Va., left yesterday for Cincinnati, :where they will attend the Strauss-.Saloshin wedding Sunday afternon. .Miss Cohen will return to her home inHuntington after the wedding, accom-panied by Miss Wollstein, who wi 11 jmake her a short visit.Owing to the inclement weather ithere was only a small crowd in at- jtendance at the meeting of the Paris !Literary Club Wednesday afternoon. ,ATiss Allene Power read an interestingi paper on "Gebhart Hauphmann's Place !i in Literature Today," followed by a'review of his drama, ine suniten. Bell." by Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraft. Current events were presented', by Mrs. William G. McClintbck andi Mrs. John Davis.! The Lexington Leader says:i "Rev. George rt. Harris, retiring'assistant rector of Christ ChurchCathedral and pastor ot the onurcn oithe Good Shepherd, was the guest ofhonor at a reception at tne cnurcn oi jthe Good Shephred on East Maxwellstreet on Tuesday evening at eighto'clock and a large number of hisfriends were present to wisn mm goout fnrtune in his new wurK au iraria, ,where ne uaa tn-tcicu "-'' .: of the Episcopal church, and for'which he left Wednesday. A large' number of presents weie sent to Mr.Harris and his family, as he has made' many friends in Lexington, and all regret very much to see nim leave tnecity.Amessage received by Mrs. Carriecnaseu a resilience ami nas opentu , antj jt Was the opinion that an equipoffices in Trust company.building. ment COuld be purchased and installed-Mrs. John Woodford, who i3 at the l,P0n tne ,ot "ow oned by the city atSt. Joseph HosDital, Lexington, where ' cost of 550,000 which would insureshe underwent an operation several ' Par,s a nrsfc c,ass Plant- furnishing thedaysa go, is reported to be improving. city alllPle current for street lightingl and tne consumers a rate far belowMr. Thomas Walker will entertain the present cost, which it was estiin honor of his sister, Miss Mary j mated would more than pay the cost ofWalker, of Louisvillp. at the home of j operation.Mrs. Mary Ireland Davis this after- n0 actiun was taken but the commit-CouncilHoldsInterestingSessionThe municipal ownership of theelectric lghting plant, the condition ofthe city's water and pressure upon thefire lines and the efforts of the cityfathers to promote sobriety among thepolice and city employes, were thesubjects before the City Council at themeeting held last night and which wasone of the most interesting sessions ofthe board in many months. All matters coming before the meeting werefreely discussed and nothing of anyimprotanee was overlooked.The report of the findings of theLight Committee which has been conducting a rigid investigation of thecomplaints made in reagrd to the al-leged excessive rates charged byParis Gas and Electric Co., wasthetheuusines ana partaning oi intoxicatingliquor or becoming intoxicate whileon duty, be dismissed from furtherservice immediately. The ieport alsorecommended that two policemen goon duty at 4 :30 o'clock p. m., and oneat 6 p. m., and the city be patrolled atnight upon a schedule to be arrangedlater by the committeeThe ordinance introduced at the lastmeeting of the Council oy Dr. Wrn.Kenney, and which came up for passage last night was deferred until thenext "ting night, when a substituteas provided in the report of the committee, making the offense of drinkingwhile on duty punishable by immediate dismissal, will be voted upon andthe ordinance receive its final pasasge.The report of the Police Committeealso contained a recommendation thata red light be placed at the office ofthe East Tennessee Telephone Co., asa signal light for the police.Councilman Baldwin addressed themeeting upon the lighting question,giving in detail the findings of thtcommittee in the three meetings theyhave had, but asked for further timeto continue along the same course before making a final report to theboard. Mr. Baldwin said the committee was in communication with theofficials of several cities regarding thelighting question, and were much encouraged by the reports that had already been received. He cited severalinstances where cities owning theirelectric plants were, furnishing lightsat a much cheaper rate than the consumers of Paris received and statedthat at the present time there was norelief from the present situation, saying the officials of the local electriccompany had turned a deaf ear to theirentreaties for a lower rate.The matter of installing a plant tobe operated by the city was discussed,-V .' " . .tee was given more time to investigate, and it is probable the next meeting of the body will be one of extremeinterest to the consumersof electric 1current at least.An official notice was ordered sentto the Paris Water Company in regardto the condition of the water and tothe pressure upon the fire line. Itwas the unanimous opinion of theBoard that the water company be compelled to meet the provisions of theircontract in regard to pressure, whichshould be kept at one point at alltimes.The bond of L. D. Harris as CityAssessor was presented ar.d accepttdby the Board, C. Arnsprager beingpresented as his surety. Building permits were granted J. H. Haggard andR. D. Grant while that of Jos. Lavinwas reierrea to tne improvement torn-ujilluc wiiii uuwci lu aci. a iiu meet1at IJ,g"L waa. very Harmoniousand the membets ot the board, in oneaccord ed a mattera broughtbef0re it. which is indicative of thed jrvterest centered in the affairs ofthe cityiJpnea isher. offV tn,s .Cit .conveyedthe sad news ot the serious illness ofner aon Mr Jos lnneg who 5s atTuc.son, Atiz. Mrs. Fisher will leave in afew day3 for his bedside Mr. inneanas oeen in Dac health for sevreals and has been in tne west in aning last night was veryeffort to regain his strength.A New institutionFor Paris.Paris is now in line withnearly all of the progressivecities in Kentucky in having aTrust Company to serve thepeople in all capacities withinthe province of a Trust Company.The BourbonBank & Trust Co.with ample resources and excellent equipment stands ready toact as Executor or Administrator of estates and as Trustee orGuardian of infant heirs andother persons, and in all fiduciary capacities. In addition theirTrust Department is empoweredto act as management of property, as Assignee and as Trustee for bond issues.All business, large or small,will be given careful attentionby the officers of the BourbonBank & Trust Co. and will beunder the supervision of theBoard of Directors.FOR SALE.One good $50 cooking range andMore's Air Tight Heater for salecheap for the cash. Apply at Newsoffice. 20 3tFor Sale.Ten tons of baled timothy hay.E. F. CLAY, JR.Farm of 100 Acres For RentOn good road and well improved.Close to town, schools and churchps.Twevle acres for tobacco, 30 or 40 forcorn and 10 acres for cats; 40 acres ingrass.MASON TALBOTT,23 3t North Middletown, Ky.rictor-Victors $10 to $100The ideal instrumentfor the homeThe Victor-Victrola is the mostperfect and most satisfactory of allmusical instruments for the home.It combines all musical instrumentsand the perfect human voice, andsupplies in unlimited variety thefinest music in the world, sung andplayed by the most famous artists.There is no reason why youshouldn't possess a Victor-Victrola.Come in and we'll tell you how youcan pay for it on easy terms.Dauherty Bros.,Paris, Ky.THEi w v ictor- v ictroia aiv, $idu hiiVictrola $ (5 to S250 W: I . j"STotjl Can BtryWHAT BLANKETSI have left at cost, and I have not many. Among theseare some EXTRA GOOD All-Wool. I am also offeringCOMFORTS at greatly reduced prices.ISpring Novelties.Wehave readyfor your inspection the followingnovelties jn their severcl lines that are moving rapidly, and why not you have some of them?White wash Bedford Cords and Piques.White Cotton Voiles in checks, stripesetc.White and Colored Embroidered Mulls and Crepes.Tissue Voiles, colors in novelty patterns.Domestic and Foreign Ginghams.Surah Jacquards.Bordered Mulls.Embroidered Laces, White Goods, &c. -Camelet us show you.ALWAYS9W. Ed TuckerAgent Butterwick Patterns9irees usn specials,Friday and SaturdayFancy Chocolate Layer Cake, large size 1 5cFresh Baltimore Oysters, per quart 40cWinter-caught Salmon 15clbAtmore's Mince Meat 12 1 -2c lbChase & Sanborne's Tea, 1-2 lb. can 35cPurity Flour, best made, 24-lb. sack 75 cPurity Flour, per cwt $3.00Chase & Sanborne's special blend coffee 30cHeno Tea, per lb 75cMuth's Raisin and Cinnamon Bread.IIJD HiJIi DHOME OUTFITTER.HINTONiTHE NILitTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB. 23 1912THE SACRED SEA OF GALILEE)1 1ifDon't Suffer!" I had been troubled, a little, for nearly 7 years," writesMrs. L. Fincher, in a letter from Peavy, Ala., "but I wasnot taken down, until March, when I went to bed and hadto have a doctor. He did all he could for me, but I got nobetter. I hurt all over, and I could not rest. At last, I triedCardui, and soon I began to improve. Now I am in verygboc ""ealth, and able to do all my housework."f TAKEwARDU I Woman'sTdnicYou may wonder why Cardui is so successful, afterother remedies have failed. The answer is that Cardui issuccessful, because it is composed of scientific ingredients,that act curatively on the womanly system. It is a medicinefor women, and for women only. It builds, strengthens, andrestores weak and ailing women, to health and happiness.If you suffer like Mrs. Fincher did, take Cardui. ftwill surely do for you, what it did for her. At all druggists.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept., Chattanooga Medicine Co., Chattanooga, Tenn.,lor Special Instructions, and 64-page book, "Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 60TWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentWe Arc Showing for Fall and Winter StrictlyAll-Wool Worsted, Hand-TailoredSuits at $10.00Handsome new Brown and Grey Worsteds and Cassimeresin the newsst models, hand-tailored Suits, worth easily 20,our Special $15.Overcoats in every new cut and weave, prices range from7.50, $10, $12.50, $15, $18 and 20.We have taken the sale agency for the celebrated EmersonShoe, Brockton, Mass. This is the classiest $4 and $5 men'sShoe made.Also the French Shrine hand-made Shoes at $4.The reliable Douglas Shoes $2.50, $3, $3.50.Those rough, fuzzy hairy Hats, $2, 2.50, 3.Full line of Hawes Van Gal 3 Shoes.Monarch and Lair best $1 Shirts made.gChutt's $1.50 and $2 Shirts, new patterns.Lion Brand slip-easy Collars, 2 for 2oc.Full line of Trunks, Suit Cases and Hand-bags.LWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.Low Round TripKENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."RATES.Homeseekers' FaresTo points in Arizona, Arkansas,Louisana, Missouri, New Mexico,klahoraa," Texas, ;Kansas, Nebraska,Montana, Michigan, . Wisconsin, Alabama. Florida and Mississippi. Tickets on sale first and third Tuesdays of ,each menth with final return limit 25 :days from date of sale except to destinations in Florida, final limit will he12 days from date of sale. Liberalstonovers allowed in homeseeker territory. We also have on sale daily until !April 30, 1912, with final return limits jMay 31. 1912 Winter Tourist tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida. Georgia,Louisana, New Meixco and Texas,with liberal stopovers allowed.For further information, call on or"writeW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.HourlyParisHigh SpeedService.ThroughLexington -Division.FrankfortFOR SALE PRIVATELY.Fishermen Work Similarly There Today as They Did, in the Timeof Christ.Jerusalem, Palestine. No sheet o'water in the world has such sacred andhistoric associations as the sea of Galilee in Northern Palestine. It is alsoknown as the Sea of Tiberias, LakeGennesaret and in the Bible othernames designate it, while the Arabsknow it as Banr Tubariyeh. It is situated north of the Dead sea and isconnected with that body of water bythe Jordan. The Sea of Galilee wasEight room frame residence and lotfronting seventy feet and ten incheson Higgins avenue, and two hundredand eight feet deep ; bath room, newroof, gas leading to house; large garden and good cistern.WM. A. GRIMES,E. T. phone 45 or 364.23 tf Paris, Ky.TOBACCOHAULINGWe are prepared to haul!Tobacco to the markets at'any point. No crop toojlarge. We can furnish teamsand wagons. iTRANSFER.... j. Best equipped transfer line .in the city. Special atten-jtion given to all kinds of!- hauling. Moving is our,specialty.MARTIN BROS.Eighth Street Both Phones.Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort every hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m.,and afc 10 p. m., the last car goingonly as far as Versailles.Cars leave Lexington for Versaillesand Frankfort, and for Paris everyhour on the hour from (5 a. m. until7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p. m., thelast car going only as far as Versailles. Cars leave Frankfort Tor Versailles,Lexington and Paris every thirtyminutes after the hour from 6:30,a.m. until 7:30 p. m., and at 10:30 p.m., the last car going only as faras Lexington.GEORGETOWN LEXINGTONNICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexingtonaud Nicholasville every forty-fiveminutes after the hour from 5:45 a.m. until (5:45 p. m., and S:05 and10:05 p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetown.every hour on the hour from 0 a. muntil 7 p. m. and at 9 and lx p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville every thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 p.m. and af. 9:30 p. m. and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville for Lexington and Georgetown every fifteenminutes after the hour from 6:15 a.m. until 2:15 p. m. and 10:15 p. m.Fisherman Casting His Net.the scene of Christ's ministry and ofmany miracles and on its shores weremany cities and villages, almost all ofwhich now, with the exception of Tiherias, are uninhabited.From the hills surrounding Tiberiasone can look down upon the Sea ofGalilee, a blue lake, pear-shaped in design, and hemmed about with a vastring of green hills. The waters of thelake abound now as in New Testament times with a variety of excellentfish, and boats almost as primitive asin the days-of Christ are employed incatching them.Solitary fishermen may also be seenwading out in the blue waters. Thesemen carry a circular net of tine twine,small in the mesh and weighted withpieces of lead around the edge. To thecenter of the net a long cord it fastened. The fisherman holds the netover his left arm and wades waistdeep in the water. When he espies ashoal of fish he casts the net overthem and the leaden weights cause itto sink. Then the rope is pulled andthe leaden weights are drawn together, imprisoning the fish in the net.CHICAGO POLICE M0NUMEN'Stands in Memory of Those Killedin Haymarket Riot TwentyFive Years Ago.Chicago. Most readers probablyhave read of the Haymarket riotwhich occurred in Chicago twenty-fiveyears ago. During this trouble thefirst bomb was thrown in Chicago.Seven policemen were killed andmany persons injured. The death sentence was given to four men andthree were sent to prison. Shortlyafter a monument of a policeman waserected in memory of those who losttheir lives. The inscription carvedon the side of the monument reads:Daily Fast Freight Service BetweenParis, Lexington, Versailles, Frankfort, Georgetown and all Intermediate Points. Freight Agent's Telphones: Old Phone 309, NewPhone, 309.VTe tell von how, a::d pay best marketprists. Ve are dealers; establishedin ls0; aud can Jo EC 1 fliR for ouifrxn agon' or coramir-ion ifier-ch.-.r:.li-.Isri.-ij csany bank hi JioniavAlc. Yritef r v.'c.kl"- price lis.Til. SADZL & SGNG221-25-31 &23 c. Kartat SL, LOUISVILLE, KY,Dealers in FUSS, HIDES, WOOL.Bovrbon Garage & Supply Co.Paris, KentuckyFARMING IMPLEMENTSOF ALL KINDSAUTO M0BILESBourbon Garage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sreets,Paris, KentuckyDR. DOLLE'SCINCINNATI)OHIOSANITARIUMMEN CURED AT SMALL COSTDifficult Surnicnl fWrriHnnc Pnrfnrmorf With iSkill and Success, when Surgery Is Necessary vALL DISEASES OF MEN IffiKEMI E?Q PERMANENT CUREPositively Guarantee'Positively GunrnntPfiHVAMC0CELET3o?lKSUgR U PT U R E Curejrb?lmpr?vedS?thod3and RESTORATIVE Treatment in Loss of Vital PowerKVfiMfB E CURED In a Few Days.IB 0 UnCJUEXE. Special Trcataent. Freo Information.Don't give up hops until you ltavo seen old Dr.Dollel lie will ivo you FKEE a thorough examination, and will toll you tho Truti:,Con&saltatian Free and confidential at office orby letter. Twenty Years' experience. Trainedattendants. Best of care. U2p.Stook on Slen'nDiseases Free, upon receipt of 4 cts. forpoetace,siving much valuable information. Callatdoirnfovvn ollico or vrrite toOB P 3 fiftl S & 025 'MLNUT STREET,tit vi'Li liyLLK ci&gcknati. o.Chicago Haymarket Memorial."In the name of the people of IllinoisI command peace."That this sentence is not takenvery seriously by the present daybomb throwers can readily be seenfrom the fact that in the past fiveyears more than 100 bombs have beenexploded in Chicago, causing thousands of dollars in damage and no onehas been convicted for these outrages. The police attribute some ofthe bombs to rival gambling organizations, others to labor troubles and thegreater portion to the "BlacW Hand."Headless, Man Runs Fifty Feet.Oakland, Cal. With his head practically severed from his body, Pros-per-Dasque,a restaurant employe inOakland, ran for a distance of 50 feetthrough the halls of a lodging house,cropping dead on a rear porch of theplace. The police investigated thegrewsome case and learned thatDasque had hacked his head from "Iksshoulders with a huge carving knife.He ran through the halls virtimllvheadless in the agony of death.The early hatched pullets will soonbe beginning to lay.There is no advantage in having thecolt make too rapid a growth.More horses are spoiled oy poordrivers than any other way.Horses like shredded fodder, butone musi learn to feed it right.The well-sheltered paddock helpsout the winter feed bin.It is bad policy to let the milk andcream get a kitchen flavor.Surplus young ducks will soon bein demand in the city markets.Let the hogs turn all the "windfallapples" into high-priced pork.Washing a separator is not a verydifficult job if done soon after separating. Grapes are apt to overbear and it isnever safe to let them set all the fruitthey will.i Don't put up with a "robber" cowi finy more than you would with a robber of any kind.There is no variety of fowls thatcan be so quickly gotten upon themarket as young ducks.As the weather continues to getcooler at this time of the year, freshbones may be had at the butcher's.Feed just enough have the pig'sbed clean and comfortable so he willlie down and sleep, and put on fat.Guard the fowls against exposureto dampness and draughts and theywill be kept free from colds and roup.One of the greatest secrets in thesuccessful keeping of horses is thefurnishing of plenty of pure air andlight.Cows that are expected to returna profit must have liberal rations ofthe kinds of foods adapted to theirneeds.She Will Change Then.Mrs. Crawford Although my daugh.ter is such a big girl, she's still afraidof the dark. Mrs. Crabshaw Don'tworry about that, my dear. She'll soonbe in love. Judge.STILL AT IT!Clearance SaleIii Dry Goods, Cloaks, Suits,Furs and MillineryNow Going On.Come In-Wonderful BargainsIn AH DepartmentsTWIN BROS.Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckymmmmmmmmmmmmmProfessional CardsJ. AVIIiTjIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-L AW .Room 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Ollioe Phones j 0lel.Residence j H'ome 3.DR. A. U KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices,ptooms 4; and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyCourier Journalfor 1912NOTICEM.iry E. Griffith's Exor. - - Plaintiffvs. Notice ,Her Legatees, etc. Defendants,All persons having claims againstthe estate of Mary E. Griffith, deceased, are hereby notified and directed topresent them, proven as is requirpd bylaw to the undersigned Special Commissioner, at his laJ office in the cityof Paris, Ky.. on or before the firstday of March, 1912; and that theundersigned will be at the above! named office from this rdate until the! first day of March, 1912 to receivesaidclaims.c. a. McMillan,Special Commissoiner Bourbon CircuitCourt.You can not keep posted on current political events unless youread theCourier-Journal,(Louisville, Ky. Henry Watterson, Editor)This Presidential Year.! The Tariff will be the issue and'the battle will be a hard foughtone. You can gatDaily Coiirierjoumal(Excepting Sunday Issue) andThe Bourbon NewsBoth One Year For $5.00.This offer only holds good untilFebruary 29.To get advantage of this cut- rate,orders must be sent us, not the-Courier-Jonrnal.True Devotion."Do you love me, darling?" sheasked. "Sweetheart, I love every hairon -your bureau!" he reverently answered. Michigan Gargoyle...', 2 '- 'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB. 23, 1912r'The Poolof FlameByLOUIS JOSEPH VANCEIllustrations by Ellsworth YonnCopyright 1909, by Louis Joseph VanceO'Rourke likewise surveyed his surroundings in two brief glances: andwas contented to find that they werealone, or as much alone as two can beupon a steamship. For they were,after all, well matched; and one ofthem he knew to be armed. Shiftingin his chair so that his revolver layconvenient to his hand, as De Hyeresapproached the Irishman removed hiscigar from between his teeth, flickedaway an inch of ash and silently proffered it in the prescribed fashion.The Frenchman accepted the courtesy with a bow, applied the fire to hiscigarette, inhaled deeply and returnedthe cigar with a formal phrase ofthanks. He lingered for a moment,puffing and gazing off over the black,starlit expanse of the Bay of Bengal,lonely to its dim and far horizon, thenobserved quietly: "I am not mistaken,I believe, in understanding I have thehonor to address Monsieur le ColonelO'Rourke, Chevalier of the Legion ofHonour?""You are not mistaken, monsieur,"returned O'Rourke pleasantly, thenwith the directness which he sometimes found useful, watching the manclosely as he spoke: "And I believeit is my pleasure to recognize Monsier Le Vicomte des Trebes?""Des Trebes, monsieur?" TheFrenchman's look of wonder was beyond criticism and there was no leasttrace of discomfiture to be detectedin his manner. "But no. You areunder a mistake. I am merely aFrench gentleman without a title;Raoul de Hyeres is my name.""Ah!" said the wanderer. " Twasthe resemblance misled me. Pardon,monsieur.""Granted, my dear sir. . . . DesTrebes? The name has a familiarsound. Do I not remember readingsomewhere that the Vicomte desTrebes died last spring? In Tunis,Tvas it? . . . Suddenly, I believe.""Is it so?" said O'Rourke drily. "Possibly. The vicomte lived in the manner of those who meet with suddendeaths."The subject languished, and after afew more noncommittal observancesDe Hyeres wandered off, presumablyin search of the English girl, to whomhe had been paying assiduous attention. On closer scrutiny, she had provedto be a remarkably pretty girl; although, in point of fact, O'Rourke, forall that he admired her looks immensely, had purposely avoided her.This he did from motives of prudence;he mistrusted the combination formed jby De Hyeres and the girl. The latter ;might be all that she looked and claimed to be: a sweet, wholesome and rather ingenuous young Englishwoman, anorphan, resident in Rangoon in thehousehold of an uncle, to whom shefwas returning after a visit withfriends in Simla. On the passengerlist her name stood as Emilia Pynsent. But the adventurer felt it thecourse of wisdom to deny himself thepleasure of her acquaintance, so longas she permitted the attentions of theFrenchman.. Altogether, considering the hotweather and such self-imposed restrictions, O'Rourke considered thevoyage hardly a success from a socialpoint of view. He kept pretty muchto himself and to Danny, and to makeassurance doubly sure he instituted anew regime with regard to 'the Poolof Flame: that jewel never left hisstateroom. When O'Rourke was ondeck or at meals, Danny sat behindholts, alert and under arms, and viceversa. By night they stood regularwatches together, the one on guardwhile the other slept. Clearly the adventurer was determined that no lackof safeguards on his part should againdeprive him of the ruby.But it's no easy matter to avoidmeeting any particular person on aship with a small saloon list, unlessone is willing to be purposely rudeand discourteous. For all his wariness the Irishman was to carry withhim a personal impression of MissPynsent.On the last day of the passage, toward evening, the Poonah raised thecoast of Burmah; by dark she waseteaming steadily southwards alongthe littoral, heading for the delta of"the Irrawaddy.A still, bright night with little wind:O'Rourke was not one to resist its allure. Four bells saw him lounging atthe rail below the bridge, staring hungrily over toward the land. It was inhis mind that another twelve hoursor so would see him relieved of histrust; and as the time drew nigh impatience burned hotly within him; hehad become full weary of the Pool ofFlame and was anxious to be free ofthe thing, to have its chapter in hithistory closed forever.tts v nvAr thft water a white andAoinor ncr-hf lifted un and caught hisnTriipRg beacon bright againstthe' darkness at the "base of the Arav9n hills, ruardian of the perils i-tkoe shallow W. And simltnousiy ne Decame conscious ot a presence at his elbow; as he turned sharply the English girl addressed him ina. voice sweet-toned and quiet."What is that light, if you please,Colonel O'Rourke?", "Faith, that I can't say, Miss Pynsent." Her eyes flashed a laugh upon himin the gloom. "Then you know myname?""Even as yourself knew mine.'Twould be strange otherwise, withour ship's company so. small.""But I," she returned, animated, "amsuch an insignificant person whileyou are the Colonel O'Rourke.""Ye do me an honor I'm not deserving, Miss Pynsent, but 'tis proud Iam entirely that a humble soldier offortune should be known to ye bereputation.""Oh, I've grown quite weary of yourfame, Colonel O'Rourke," she coun-The Frenchman Accepted the Couptesy With a Bow.tered with a trace of laughing impudence. "Hardly anything has interested Monsieur De Hyeres, these pastfew days, save anecdotes of your exploits." " 'Tis kind of him, to be sure. Imust cultivate his acquaintance andlearn from him to know meself, 1see."If she detected the irony she overlooked or failed to understand it"He's very entertaining," she commented, pleasantly. "But then moslFrenchmen are, don't you think? Ihope to see much of him in Rangoon.""So he's landing there, too?"O'Rourke filled in the pause."I believe so. And you, ColonelO'Rourke?""I may have to wait over until thenext steamer," he admitted warily."I sympathise heartily with yourdisgust at the prospect," laughed thegirl."Eh? And why? 'Tis a land of fairrepute for climate and beauty.""Ah, but I live in Burmah, you see,and so have come to know it far toowell. But that's the way with all expatriates, isn't it to hate their homesso far from home?""Must ye endure it, then, Miss Pynsent?" "An orphan has little choice. Illseems my kismet to abide in Rangooo iforever and a day. You see, my only'living relative is an uncle, Mr. Lansdowne Sypher, and he's got no oneelse to keep house for him.""Lansdowne Sypher ... !"The ejaculation sprang to O'Rourke'alips before he could restrain it."Yes. Do you know him? He's thejunior, you know, of the firm of Secretan and Sypher."''Solicitors, are they not? . .No; 'tis me misfortune not to knowyour uncle. But the name of his firm-I've heard."The genial nature of the Irishman,which had insensibly warmed to thegirl's charm, withdrew abruptly, tortoise-like, into a shell of reserve. Theelement of coincidence had again entered into his affairs, and he hadICaiUU tM Ultigi XDOUil ilUUi A.pUll-UV'V'to distrust coincidence on generalprinciples. "There's naught so common in life as coincidences," he philosophised, "and be the same tokennaught so dangerous."For which reason he invented anearly excuse to terminate the conversation, and ungallantly withdrew to theseclusion of his stateroom, where hepassed a night that seemed interminable ; for he lay long in a wakeful panic of Imagination, scheming out a hundred stratgems whereby he might confuse as many possible attempts to prevent the due and safe delivery of thePool of Flame into the hands of Mr.Lansdowne Sypher.CHAPTER XXX.Toward the close of the followingday the Poonah dropped anchor in theriver roadstead off Rangoon; and within the ensuing hour her passengershad deserted her, De Hyeres and MissPynsent in their van, O'Rourke amongthe last to leave. And nothing hindered him, not the least hitch delayedhis disembarkation. It was curious,it was incredible, it was disturbing.He took away with him no ease ofmind whatever.There were tikkagharries waiting,and without a breath's delay the adventurer and his servant climbed intothe nearest and desired to be conveyed to the offices of Messrs. Secretin and Sypher. The vehicle whirledthem swiftly away and into the maintraveled way of Rangoon, Mogulstreet.In front of a structure of stone andiron so palpably an office buildjngthat it might have been transplantedto the Strand without exciting commentsave for the spotless cleanli-nessof it theirtikkagharry drew up.me gnamwanan indicated tne 01fices of Messrs. $ecretan and Sypher,one flight up and named his fare.O'Rourke paid him and alighted, withDanny at his heels and his heart trying to choke him. The hour of fulfilment was at hand and all waswell! He who had faced death in ahundred shapes of terror, unflinching,found himself in a flutter of nervesthat would have disgraced a schoolgirl He dodged into the building, tookthe steps three at a stride . . . andsuddenly found himself in the presence of, more than that, closeted withthe man to meet whom he had crossedhalf the world at peril of his life:Mr. Lansdowne Sypher.. "Colonel O'Rourke?" Sypher's manner was very cordial. "I'm glad to seeyou. You are within your time, yet Ihad begun to despair of you. Beseated." He indicated a chair besidehis desk. "And permit me; you ofall men will appreciate the precaution." He laughed and went to the windows, adjusting the wooden shades insuch a manner that the light wastempered and no portion of the roomcould be visible to anyone spyingfrom a window in one of the adjacentbuildings. The he turned and smiledcheerfully at the stupefied adventurer."I have it here," said O'Rourke; "safebe the mercy of several highly potential saints!" He laughed uneasily,fumbling in his breast pocket. "Thereit is," said he, tossing the stone in itschamois covering upon the solicitor'sdesk.Sypher himself betrayed some evidences of nervousness as he sat forward and lifted the case by its leathern thongs. He let it dangle beforehim for an instant, watching it with acurious, speculative smile. . ."Well," he said, "really . . . !"And after a pause; "I congratulateyou, Colonel O'Rourke. . And I admireyou immensely. . . . You see,when this commission was offered us,I considered seriously the project ofgoing in search of you in person andbringing the stone back to Rangoonmyself. But then although I'm notreally a timorous man I knew thecircumstances so well I feared Ishould never reach Rangoon aliveYes." He thrust a hand into his waistcoat pocket and produced a penknife,with which he began to slit thestitches that enclosed the ruby."You've been wondering, no doubt,why so enormous a reward was offered. . . .""I have that," assented O'Rourke."It was partly because of the danger," said Sypher, intent upon his occupation. "You know, these Burmeseare a curiously pious folk; when oneof them grows rich he employs themajor part of his fortune in buildinga temple or in some such work. Thisparticular gentleman a very wealthymerchant chose to give half of whathe had to the restoration of the Poolof Flame to the Buddha from which itwas originally stolen. But he, too,The Pool of Flame Lay Naked in HisPalm.was afraid. He's superstitious aboutthe stone believes it bad luck totouch it so long as it remains awayfrom its Buddha. So he came to us.. . . I myself am not superstitious,but . . ."He ceased to speak abruptly, for thePool of Flame lay naked, a blindingmarvel, in the hollow of his palm.O'Rourke heard him gasp and wasconscious of his hastened respiration.Watching the man intently, he sawa strange shade of pallor color hisface."'Tis meself," said the adventurer,"that's no more superstitious than ye,sir. Yet I'm willing to confess I'mglad the thing's out of me hands atlast."Sypher seemed to recollect himselfas one coming out of a state of stupor. He stood up and buttoned theruby carefully into a pocket of histrousers. "Come," he said crisply."Let us step across the street to thebank. The money's there for you, sirthe reward."CHAPTER XXXI.Back in his stateroom on the Poonah, O'Rourke threw himself into tbelower berth and lay there, a forearmflung across his eyes, thinking excitedly, disturbed by formless forebodings. Beside him Danny was packing industriously, with now and again, apause during which he would standreflective, his gaze fixed upon his employer's face, a little puzzled, and perplexed. The Poonah was pausing overnightto discharge and take aboard cargo;for this reason O'Rourke in his hasteto -get ashore ; had hot delayed to takenib luggage witn mm. . . . undeck, fore and aft donkey engineswere puffing and 'chugging and chaintackles rattling as they lifted freightto and from the hold and the lightersalongside.Abruptly, without moving, O'Rourkespoke. "I'll want evening clothes,Danny," said he. " 'Tis dining I amtonight with Mr. Straker and hisniece, Miss Pynsent, who came with usfrom Diamond" Harbor. 'Twill save abit of bother to dress before I goashore.""Aw-w," said Danny, assimilating.. . . "And the missus?" he saidsuddenly, some minutes later. "M'anin' Madam O'Rourke, sor. Did ye getno word from her?""For what else would I be drivingto every hotel in the town after leaving Mr. Sypher, Danny, but to inquirefor her? She's not here; but she'llcome, be sure. She's still got severaldays three or four in which to keepour tryst. 'Tis discontented I am notto find her waiting for me, but I'msatisfied entirely she'll keep faith.""And," insisted Danny eagerly"beggin' yer honor's pardon but whatwill ye have to tell her, sor?"O'Rourke sat up. "Have to tellher? What d'ye mean?""I mean, sor, I'm dyin' wid the wishto know how ut's all turned out.Plase, yer honor, won't ye be tellin'me? Is ut is ut all right?""Bless your heart, Danny!" laughedO'Rourke, " 'Tis so dazed I've beenthat I never thought to tell ye thinking all the time that ye knew. 'Tisall right, indeed, me boy. The Pool ofFlame's in Mr. Sypher's keeping andthe money's in mine in the bank,Danny, payable to me order. Think ofit one hundred thousand pounds ofreal money, and all me own. 'Tisridiculous, 'tis absurd. 'Tis meselfhardly credits the truth of it all; yetI was there saw the man, gave himthe jewel, went to the bank with himand for the space of five minutes satat a; table, with all that money beforeme, counting it over, bill by bill, asquare hundred of them, each for athousand pounds, guaranteed by theBank of England! . . . Think ofthat all that belonging to me to me,O'Rourke! . . .""Thank God!" breathed Danny devotedly. "But did ye l'arn nothin'about the stone?""Little enough, Danny only a partof the meaning of the whole divilishbusiness; the rest I'm to know tonight. Mr. Sypher '11 be tellin' meafter we've dined; he wants to hearme own end of the story, too."Sypher had very explicitly namedhis dinner hour, after the formal English fashion, nowhere and by nobodymore rigidly observed than by theEnglishman in the Orient; "eight foreight-thirty," he had said. And asO'Rourke, a very dignified and imposing O'Rourke in his evening dress,waited for a sampan on the lowergrating of the Poonah's passengergangplank he had a round three-quarters for an hour for leeway ample leis-1uro for an interested inspection of Ithat part of Rangoon lying betweenthe floating jetty and Sypher's residence in a suburb near DalhousiePark.Danny remained aboard ship onlytemporarily, being instructed to followwith O'Rourke's belongings to suitableaccommodations already engaged at ahotel on the Strand, overlooking theroadstead; from whose windowsO'Rourke was promising himself thepleasure of watching the arrival ofthe steamship bearing his wife to hisarms."Bless her dear face!" said he softly. " 'Tis meself will be desolated ifshe's not aboard that Messageries boatdue tomorrow now that I can goback to her, a man of property, nolonger a pauper ne'er-do-well! Thinkof that, ye lucky dog!"A sampan slid noiselessly in besidethe grating. O'Rourke let himself cautiously into it and incontinently collapsed upon the rear seat as the boatslid away toward the shore lights,yielding to the vigorous sweeps of thesingle long oar wielded by the Burman in the bows.Ashore, a tikkagharry caught himup and bore him down the silent roadthat winds between the Strand andthe river's edge, then whipped intoMogul street, where the fluent tideof life ran broad and deep beneath aglare of light.All too quickly the tikka whiskedout of the main channel of the city'slife, out beyond the Mohammedanmosque and the Chetti's hall and theChristian chapel, and into the soft,dense night of the countryside aworld of darkness sparsely studded withdim, glowing windows; and all toosoon, again, it swung off from thehighway into a private drive, crunchedover gravel and stopped before theilluminated veranda of a native bungalow. O'Rourke got down, discharged thedriver and ascended the steps, a littlepuzzled to find no one waiting to welcome him, whether Sypher, Miss Pynsent, or at worst a servant. Surelyhe was expected. . . . But nobodyappeared. The grating tires of thedeparting tikkagharry had made noiseenough to apprise the household otthe arrival of a guest, one would think.Nevertheless O'Rourke remained ungreeted. He stroked his chin, perplexed, wondering if by mischance the nativedriver had brought him to the wrongbungalow. But it was now too late tocall him back and make sure. Andthis verandah, stm and empty as itwas, softly lighted by lanterns dependent from its roof, was to him a smalloasis in a world of darkness. Without advice he was lost, could find hisway no "other where. He would havesimply to wait until the household came to life, or until by his ownefforts ne succeeded in quickening reHe tried to do this latter to thebest of his ability by tapping a. summonsbn the dcor-jamb. Through the.wire insect-screens a broad hallwayand a staircase rising to the upperfloor were visible. Limp, cool-lookingrugs conceived in pleasing colorschemes protected the hardwood flooring. To the right a door stood ajarand permitted a broad shaft of lightto escape from the room beyond. Onthe other hand a similar door, likewise open, showed a dimmer glow.Two other doors were closed;O'Rourke assumed that they led tothe kitchen offices.f Continued in our NextThe TriaJs of a Traveler."I am a traveling salesman, "writesE.E. Youngs, E.Berkshire, Vt., "andwas often troubled with constipationand indigestion till I began to use Dr.King's New Life Pills, which I havefound an excellent remedy." For allstomach, liver or kidney troubles theyare unequaled. Only 25 cents atOberdorfer's.FOR RENT.I have for rent or will lease for aterm of years the best livery and salebarn in Paris, Kentcuky. Situatedcorner Second and Main streets, opposite Windsor Hotl, posseeasion givenJan. 1, 1912. E. T.P hone 198.H. BUTLER.12 tf Paris. Ky.SHOEOur new Fall line in all leathersPatent Colt, Russia Calf and GunMetal, now ready for inspection.Geo. M'Willams,L. dc H. TIFIE-TAEBLIX EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.Trains Arrive vNTo. ' FROM34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5.21 am134 Lexington. Ky., Daily 4.34am9 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday v 7.35 am7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. 17.38 am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 am40 Lexington; Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 am37 Cincinnati, O., DBily 9.50 am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 am12 Lexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 am26 Lexington, Ky, Daily Except Sunday 12.00 am.25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 3.10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pm138 Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pm38 Knoxville,Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pm5 Maysville, Ky. , Daily 5.25 pm30 Cincinnati, O . Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pm30 Lexington, Ky., Daily .6,03 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.03 am32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6 05 pm14 Lexington, Ky.. Daily ...10.45 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTraljis XDe-psirtMo. TO34 Cincinnati. O. , Daily 5.28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 am29 Lexington, Ky. ; Daily Except Sunday . 7.47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily' Except Sunday 8.20 am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily fr 9.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 am33 Jacksonville, Fla. , Daily - 10.24 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10.27 am6 Maysville, K., Daily 12.05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.34 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.4o pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. . 5.52 pm39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.57 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily :.. 6.10 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.15 pm13 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6.15 run30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.25 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.55 pm13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57 pIN EFFECTTrainsNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda -813 anL4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3 40 pm8 Louisville &T Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday ....5.50 pnx162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10. CO pnTrains IDe;psirttfo. TO .161 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only v.... ....7.10 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except SunJay 7.43 am,1 F ankf or tv KyV Daily Except Sunday .:....:i.........:9.58 wot3 Frankfort; Ky, Daily Except; Sunday..... ....i;.,.; 5.52m;Are Ever at tfar.There are two things everlastinglyat war, joy and piles ButBucklea'aJ Arnica Salve will banish pilesn aayj form. It soon subdues the itching,..I irritation, inflammation or swelling.I It gives comfort, invites joy. jGreafci est healer of burns, boils, ulcers,cut8bruises, eczema, scalds, pimples, skineruptions. Only 25c at Oberdorfei's.Only the Belief of Snobs.The idea that trade is vulgar is oneof the silliest ideas that ever camsinto the brain of man.Then Mr. Knagg Felt Better.Mrs. Knagg Perhaps you recall, Itwas on a train we first met. Mr.Knagg Yes, but it's too late now tosue the company for damages.Flying Men Fallvictims to stomach, liver and kidneytroubles jusfc like other people witklike results in loss of appetite, backache, nervousness, headache nd tiredlistless, rundown feeling. But there'sno need to feel like that as T. D.Peebles, Henry, Tenn., proved. "Sixbottles of Electric Bitters, "he writes"did more to give me new strengtkand good appetite than all other remedies I used." So they hero otherpeople. Its folly to suffer when thisgreat remedy will help you from thefirst dose. Try it. Only 50 cents atOberdorfer's.For 33 yearsNettleton Shoeshave stood for trueeconomy to the manof moderate means;and to the man ofwealth, the best thatmoney could buy. Weare sole agents forParis.OCTOBER. 3. 1911..A-rrireTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB. 23, 1912VLASTWeekMILLERSBURG ITEMS.OF THEFACTOEYARANCESALECLEGreater than our most sanguineexpectations has been the disposalof the large shipments of theManufacturers' over - productionsof Shoes and Rubbers.(: iA jq" ii N W.To-Morrow,the balance of this great stockwill be thrown on sale at prices solow that every pair will find new,owners at once.To make this sale more interestingwe are placing on sale 300 pairs of$4 Walk-OverPatent Leather Shoes at$298Come Early and Get First Choice,as this Stock is Limited.DAN COHEN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky.Small Light."De man that tries to hide his lightAinder a bushel," said Uncle Eben,"generally ain't got light enough totake chances on in a awdinary draft"Lost for Good.x Redd "Did you hear about myneighbor losing control of his motorcar?" Greene "No, I didn't" Redd-"Well, he did. The sheriff 'g got VInsure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfGo to Back's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barbershop. .Three firstclast Varbers, . 13 tfMr. Charles Miller left Thunday forCanada.Mrs. M. J. Caldwell is confined toher home with grip.Mr. George Howard, who is ill withtyphoid fever is not so well.Mr. VV. V. Shaw, who is confihe.d tohis home with grip, is some better.Mr. Kussell Powell and Master Howard Fightmaster are both improving.Miss Kokendoffer, of Carlisle, 'is theguest of her sister, Mrs. Mack JonesMr. W. C. Collins, who is confinedto his home with the grip, is somebetter.In observance of Washington'sBirthday the Hanks and postofficewere closed yesterday.Mrs. Benton and children, of Rockcastle county, is thu guest of Mr. andMrs. E. VV. Ammerraan.- Heavy winds prevailed here Wednesday and Thursday doing considerabledamage to fences and trees.Mrs. T. T. Templin and daughter,Mrs. Faulkner, of Paris, were guestsof Mrs. Ed Taylor last week.Mrs. F.rankie Cook left Wednesdayfor a visit to her niece, Mrs. Valandingham, at Barbourville, W. Va.Mr. and Mrs. Robert Stoker, ofCynthiana, were guests of Mis.Margaret Powell and family Sunday.Mr. Ellis Baldwin was the guest ofhis mother, Mrs. Baldwin, near Maysville, from Monday until Wednesday.Mr. Chambers, manager of theNicholas Ccunty Telephone Co., wasthe guest Ihursday of Mr. H. D. Shy.Miss Bessie Purnell, of Paris, wastho guest of her sister, Miss MaryAgnes Purnell, at M. F. C, from Friday until Monday.Mrs. Turner Perry left for her homeat Owingsville Monday after spendinga week with her parents, Mr. and. Mrs.Thomas McClintock.Mr. and Mrs. J. F. McDaniel spentSunday with their daughter. MibsMary McDaniel, who is ill withmumps, at Leesburg.Dr. W. M. Miller and little son,Master Wm. M. Miller, Jr., attendedthe automobile show at '..CincinnatiTuesday and Wednesday.Mrs. 0. M. Thomas and little niece,Eiertie Eals, of Indianapolis, Ind., andMrs. George Eals, of Maysville, araguests of Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Henson.Mrs. Harding, of Butler, was theguest of her daughter, Mrs. W. V.Shaw, Wednesday. She is spendingseveral days with her daughter, Mrs.Mack Finn, at Paris.For the next thirty days I will beprepared to sell you nice dressedchickens on short notice. Both phones12820 2t J. P. AUXIER.Mrs. 0. W. Ingles was the guest ofher sister, Mrs. J. M. Alverson, atFrankfort Monday and Tuesday andattended the reception given by Mrs.Alverson at the Frankfort Hotel Tuesday afternoon.The sale of the personality of Mr.J.Mart Bowles will take placeWednesday morning at 10 a. m. February 28,at his home on the Steel Ford turnpike three miles west of Millersburg.See hand bills for further particulars.mi 2C I3tMr. Rolla Chambers, of Sardis, astudent at Kentucky Wesleyan College, Winchester, was the guest of hissister, Mrs. R. M. Johnson Wednesday, He returned to his home Thursday accompanied by Mr. and Mis.Johnson.The protracted meeting which beganat the Methodist church Sunday isprogressing niceiy. Rev. Swift ispreaching good sermons. Mr. Corder,who is in charge of the singing, isintroducing good music and the meeting bids fair to be a pronounced success. The crowds are as good as couldbe expected owing to the weather.Services every afternoon at 2:30 andevening at 7.Auction.Attend the auction in the old Baptist church building Saturday afternoon, February 24, 1912, at 2 o'clock.Great bargains in furniture, gasolinestoves, washing machines, clothing,shoes, hats, and many other things toonumerous to mention.HARRIS & SPEAKES.Hand Injured.While engaged in taking out thewindow frame from the old CitizensBank building at the corner of Mainand Fifth street, Mr. S. E. Borlandsustained a severe bruise on nis lefthand which was accidentally caughtbetween the casing and wall. Onefinger on the lett hand was badlylascerated.For Sale Cheap.One "Leer System" file. In goodcondition. Will sell cheap for cash.Apply at News office. tfUnit Bill Passed.The House passed the Senate CountyUnit Extension bill by a vote of 66 to22 Tuesday. The bill will now be enrolled and go to the Governor for approval. Fire and tornado insurance.McCLURE & CLENDENIN.Fire Destroys Small Cottage.The firo department was called outWednesday afternoon at 3 o'clock toextinguish a fire in the small framecottage on Pleasant street betweenthe property ot Mrs. Laura Perry andthe livery stable owned by Mayor J.T. Hinton. The origin of the fire isunknown. The house, which was occupied by a family of negroes who werenot at home when the fire started, waspractically destroyed, considerabledamage being done by water. A briskwind, was blowing and it was only byexcellent work on the part of the department that the adjoining propertywas not -damaged. Thet house' wasowned' by Mrs, Thomas Higgins.Will Call Meetings for ThursdayThe whirlwind campaign of the Burley Tobacco Society in the interest ofthe ten year pool, according to announcement by officials at headquarters in Lexington Tuesday, 'willbe prosecuted with vigor froui nowuntil March 1, the date of closing.Saturday of this week there will bemeetings in Lexington, Mt. Sterlingand Owenton and next Monday otieiswill be held in Flemingsburg, Springfield, Bedford, Versailles, Cynthianaand Winchester.Meetings will be held in every county in the district next Thursday, February 29, at which the last appeal willbe made to growers to sign the tenyear pooling pledge President LeBusTuesday sent out thn. following officialletter to county chairmen announcingthe fianl "round-up" meeting:"Dear Sir We think it very important that each county chairman advertise a mass meeting ot tobacco growers to be held in his county on Thursday, February 29, being the last dayof February for the purpose of securing as many signatures as possible tothe ten year pooling contract"Yesterday at Georgetown, Lawrenceburg, JNicholasville and Mt. Sterling, they signed at court day meetingsa total acreage of about 9,000, whichwas certainly very gratifying"We have several meetings advertised for next Saturday and the following Monday,. and then by having meetings in each county un February 29,what might be called a 'round-UD'meeting, we haje evrey reason to believe that the ten year pool will provea great success. Yours very truly,'HURLEY TOBACCO SOCIETY,"CLARENCE LEBUS, President."Not from Paris-A few days ago the Lexington Herald published a new1? item to the effectthat Ernest Martin, in poilce court inthat city, was fined 50 for disorderlyconduct. The impression of a numberof Prais people was that it was ErnestMartin of this city, which, however,was not the case. In justice to Mr.Martin we publish this to correct theimpressionA Cure for Hog Cholera.If your hogs are sick come in andget Laughlin's Cholera Cure, and 'curethem. The best farmers in Bourboncounty will tell you it cures. For saleonly byCHAS. E. BUTLER & CO.,Druggists.20 tf Opp. Court House, Paris.Houston, Texas, Swept By Fire.Seventy blocks of buildings in Houston, Texas, were destroyed by fireWednesday, with a loss estimated atbetween $6,000,000 and $10,000,000.The flames, swept en by a fifty-milegale, cut a path seven blocks wide anda mile through the heart of the residence and manufacturing sections.The entire city was saved from destruction only by the use of dynamite.Twenty-five hundred persons arehomeless and fully three thousandmore have lost their meas of a livelihood as a result of the destruction ofmanufacturing paints, cotton compresses and lumber yards.THEATRICAL."A PAIR OF COUNTRY KIDS.".The pair of kids at the Paris Grandnext Monday from all reports are alively pair and are ably managed andassisted by a competent company '.oflaJies and gentlemen, as are all suchhigh class companies presenting ruralcomedies. These companies should notbe confounded with the coarse andvulgar farmer plays that have beentDuring the country for years andwhose principal merit is a noisy brassband. The later day rural play is apleasing homespun affair presented bya cast of intelligent people and framed in a natural rural atmosphere suchas we have all at some time in ourlives been familiar with. "A Pair ofCountry Kids" is of the later classand will please the old and young andis a real novelty in many respects andwe can assure the patrons of the Grandthat they will surely get their money'sworth in watching the action of thekids for two hours and a half.At Work on Theatre Building.Work on the Colonial Theatre at thecorner of Fifth and Main street, uponwhich the contractors began last Monday is progressing rapidly in spite ofthe extreme cold weather. The entirefront of the bulding, which will be replaced with a modern front patternedafter those of the larger sities, hasbeen removed and the partition whichseparated the laundry office from theremainder of the building, has been removed. Weather permitting the contractor? will push the work to an early completion and expect to haveeverything in readiness to turn thebuilding over to the Colonial Amusement Co. by the fifteenth of April.Paris GrandMONDAY,FEBRUARY26ONE NIGHT ONLY.The Show That Never Grows Old.THE FAMOUSA PAIROFCOUNTRY KIDS!A Comedy Drama in four acts. Special scenery. Singing and dancingspecialties. A big night cf fun withyour old friends,"HI and TRIXIE,"THE KIDS.Popular prices 25c, 35c, 50c. -Reservedseats , at Mitchell & - Blakemore's.- . - '"V ,ROYALBAKINGPOWDERAbsolutely PureEconomizes Butter, Flour,Eggs; makes the food moreappetizing and wholesomeUse only Baking Powder madefrom Royal Grape Cream of TartarRELIGIOUS.The Aid Society of the Fresbyterian church will have its all daymeeting on Tuesday, February 27.Full attendance requested. .The Jefferson street Baptistchurch of Roanoke, Va., has extendeda call to Dr. T. J. Porter, pastor othe First 12aptist church of Winchester. Dr. Porter is expected to acceptthe call.Services Sunday morning andevening at the Presbyterian church bythe pastor, Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive.Morning services at 10:45 and eveningservices at 7 oVlcck. Christian Endeavor at 6:30 o'clock Sunday evening,Prayer meeting Wednesday eveningat 7 o'clock.Rev. G. H. Harris will preachSunday morning at 10:45 a m. at theEpiscopal church. No services Sundayevening. Tuesday at 7 30 Dean W. P.Gapers, of Christ Church Cathedral,Lexington, will preside at the installation services and preach the sermon.Bishop Burton and Rev. Maxon willalso be present at the meeting Tuesday evening.Rev. E. M. Lightfnot will occupyhis puplit at Baptst church next Sunday morning at 10:45 preaching on"The Modern Call to be Disciples."Sunday school at 9:30. The night service begins at 7 o'clock, and Rev.Thomas Speight will speak on "TheConditions in China." This is a timely and interesting subject which cannot help but be of profit. The pastoretxend3 a cordial invitation to all toattend this service.Hot Shot at CantrilLDenouncing Congressman CampbellCantrill as a "demagogue," whoseevery allegation as to him is "aoolutelv false" Representative HarrySchoberth, of Woodford county, candidate against Cantrill f6r the Democratic Congressional nomination, Tuesday night issued a vigorous repsonseto the card given out st Washingtonby Cantrill, charging him, Schoberth,with bad faith in getting into the raceat. this time.In return, Schoberth charges Cantrill with the things which he decries,tells him that he won't let him runaway from the Record he has madehere in Kentucky, and urges hat thesole issue between them is and shall bei iiiv.il tv u i inuoii iLuij icpLcacuv nit;people of the Ashalnd District in Congress. Mr. Schoberth denies he ever madea promise to Cantrill to keep out "cfthe race.Skovgaard Concert.Of the Skovgaard concert, whichwill be given at the High School Auditorium on Tuesday evening, February27, the St. Paul, Minn., Pioneer Presshas the following :"Seldom is a St. PfuI audiencearoused to that pitch of enthuiasra thatit refused to be satisfied after the lastnumber of an already ample programhas been given, and insists upon having a last leavetakmg from the artist,or artists, that have brought on thespell. Buc that is what happened lastevening at the Central Prebstyerianchurch at the concert given by Skovgaard and his concert company."At the conclusion of PizzicatoGrazloso, a piece written by himself,which was the last of his final group,Skovgaard was compelled to reappearseveral times upon the platform. Theapplause continued, and finally, whensome one in the balcony called out"Home Sweet Home," those in theaudience who had already filed out into the aisles and returned as one person and the violinist was obliged togive one last number."Skovgaard has made a happy selection in his associates. All his numberswere repeatedly encored, but nonewon more applause than the simplemelody of "Way Down Upon theSuanee River." which was given as anencore after "Gypsy Life," bySarasate."Meet Foreign Missionaries.A very interesting meeting was heldTuesday evening at the home of Mr.and Mrs. J. T. Hinton on High street.A number of ladies and gentlemenwere invited to meet Rev. A. E. Coreyand Dr. Royal J. -Dye, returned missionaries from the foreign field, andMr. Davis Teachout, a young buisnessman of Cleveland, O. The object ofthe meeting was to hear the plans ofthe two able missionaries which arebeing submitted to the Chritsianchurches in many cities by which theyentertain the hope of raising one million dollars with .which it is their intention to build and equip a hospitaland school in connection with everymission station in the foreign fieldwhich are supported by the Christianchurch. The gentlemen were extendedan invitation by the Mission Counciito return to this cit' and deliver theirtalk at the Christian church this evening. The misisonaries accpeted the invitation and the meeting will be held atthe Christian church this evening. Itpromises to be of a great interest andall, interetsed in the work should attend. There will be no collectiontaken.tK j HAM e !Km Booif c igCopyright 1910. by the Standard Adv. Ob.'ME possessor of a bank arronnfmay face the world with impunity.It furnishes a shield that protectsyour dependents from the vicissitudesof the world.We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accountsDEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.t Capital $100,000Surplus $30,000