THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1912iA New Line ofSpring GinghamsWash Goods, LaeesISisiou uspiParis, KentuckySitore, iiit'M w a aw J rstgr mm r vW - r i .7. 1.1 11. VJI ou can borrow money mrougn me oaiiKs atW 6 per cent, and buy groceries and save more than Wifo enough to pay interest. Try it. KJiitrtoINfti16 lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.008 bars Lenox Soap 25c3 boxes Matches 10c2 cans good Corn locFull qt. can Karo Syrup 10cDry Salt Bacon, per lb 10cPure Hog Lard, per lb 12cNavy Beans, per lb 5 l-2cLima Beans, per lb 8cBlus Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack. 70Blue Ribbon Flour, 501b. Sack 1.40Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.75The above is only a few of the many bargains wehave for you. We have a large and fresh stock of everything in the grocery line and invite you to our store andbecome one of our customers and see how much moneywe can save you. We also want to buy all of your eggsand butter and will pay the top market price for them inspot cash.You get what you buy at our store and we are notafraid to make the price right. Why? Because it's cashto all, and credit to none, and you don't have to pay forwhat the other fellow don't pay for. Call and see us, or'phone 234 either phone.T. C. LENIHANCash Grocery.Both Phones 234i;Automobile Owners Hold Meeting.Automobile owners interested in theproDosed legislation before the Kentucky Assembly, met at the courihouse yesterday afternoon at threeo'clock, and after resolving themselves into a club to be known as theUourbon County Motor (Hub,passed resolutions condemning ;thedrastic measure proposed by SenatorNewcomb and appealed to the Senator and Representative from thisDistrict to oppose the bill.The meeting was called to order byDr. Wm. Kenney, who was one of thenumber of automobile enthusiastsgathered for the purpose of takingaction in opposition to the NewcombBill, which was followed by the selection of Mr. N. Ford Brent as chairman of the meeting and Mr. DuncanBell as-Secretary.Dr. G. G. Daugherty. who was present at the meeting of the Blue GrassMotor Club held in Lexington lastSaturday night addressed the gathering on the provisions of the NewcombBill and also those of the Knight orRyan bill which will be offered as asubstitute to the Newcomb measure inthe House and Senate.Dr. Daugherty reiterated his statement made in Lexington Saturdaynight that the Newcomb Bill "made italmost a penitentiary offense to ownan automobile" and urged the BourbonAutomobile Glub to unite with otherclubs throughout the state in opposition to the bill, which if enactedwould prove detrimental to automobileinterests in the State.The resolutions which follow wereintroduced and passed by & unanimousvote :Whereas, there is now pending inthe Senate a measure, providing forthe regulation of automobiles, saidmeasure being known as the NewcombBill andWhereas, the owners and dealers ofBourbon county and other members ofthe Bourbon Motor Club, whoare not only willing to submit to andreasonable regulations, but are desirous of having enacted into law somereasonable measure which, in its provisions, will protect the rights of allpersons believe that the provisions ofthe Newcomb Bill are unreasonableand unjust and, if enacted into lawwill practically destroy both the useand the sale of automobiles in Kentucky, therefore be itResolved, that we request the Senator and Representative from this District to do all in their power to defeatthe Newcomb Bill but to use all honorable means to have enacted into laweither the Knight or the Ryan Bill,the provisions of either being, in thejudgment of the members of the club,fair and just to both the generallie and the owners and users ofmobiles.Chairman Brent was instrutcd to appoint a committee on temporary organization for the Bourbon Automobile!Club and also a committee to appearbefore the Senate Committe at Frankfort, presented the resolutions adoptedat the meeting yesterday and, to protest personally in behalf of the localorganization against the NewcombBill and to urge the passage of thesubstitute measures. The committeeon organization is composed of DuncanBell, H. S. Caywood and Dr. C. G.Daugherty and that appointed to go toFrankfort at a future date is composedof John Yerkes, Dr. C. G. DaughertyJas. M. O'Brien, W. W. Mitchll, ClarkBarnett and Dr. Wm. Kenney.Those who were present at the meeting yesterday wer.e Ford Brent, Duncan Bell, Dr. Wm. Kenney, Jas. Ferguson, Woodford Spears, John YerkesL. J. Fretwell, Ed Turner, Clark Barnett, Geo. W. Clay, J. W. Douglas,Henry Clay, Ed Sparks,"Thgs, H. CiaytSr., J. JY. Bacon, John Roseberry,Sam Clay, Dr. C. G. Daugherty.HenryCaywood, W. W. Mitchell George W.W. Clay and Virgil Gaitskill.The majority of those in attendancewere farmers, owners of automobiles,and greatly interested in the movement inaugurated to stop the passageof the Newcouib measure. A ptition will be circulatad among thebusiness men of this city to securesignatures, and this, too, will beplaced before the Senate Com nitte.wc KrNuw now "pub-auto-January Clearance SaleON ALL WINTER GOODS!Suits, Overcoats, Underwear, Shirts and Men'sFurnishings. Now is Your Chance to Buya Suit or Overcoat at Reduced Prices.wra.uu ii iuu mc iwriecu ui unuer illumes, mis n uic- Store to Make Your Purchase.w$35.00 Suits and Overcoats $27.95n ,3u.uu .duies zo.yoW 27.50 Suits 21.95W 25.00 Suits 18.9522.50 Suits 16.9520.00 Suits . ....,... 14.9518.00 Suits : 13.4515.00 Suits 11.9512.50 Suits 9.951U.UU ouusanhciticin Shirts$2.50 Shirts $1.882.00 Shirts..v: 1.481.50 Shirts r 1.151 .00 and $1 .50 Shirts .50For THE Bargains SeeMitchell & Blakemore,IOutfitters to MenParis, KentuckymmmPRICE & CO.Custom Tailored Clothes.A representative of STROUSE & BROS., BBALTIMORE, MdL, will show samples ofSuitings for Spring and Summer, 1912, in $MParis, at our store, on sTuesday ana neanesaay, i9The choice fabrics and the high-grade manner in which Clothes are tailored-to-measure,make it well worth your while to have selec-tion and measurements recorded at the timeabove mentioned.PR16& & 60. oiotniersmmCantrill Members Fail to Attend.!! A telephone message from Frankfortlast night stated there was no meetingof the Seventh District Committeeheld in that city yesterday, owing tothe fact that there were not enoughmembers present to constitute aquorum, ine can tor tne meeting, apparently with a view of rescinding thecall for a primary to be held March16, was issued by Chairman MeagherThursday. Only the anti-Cantrill ofthe liiembers of the committee werepresent yesterday the five members ofthe committee who voted for the primary call at the meeting held on January 5 were conspicious by their absence.ur fttvitf iMt$M$lRilli S1LK11I ! I ! 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 IJ. 1X1 1 LLl IClr'i 1 1 : 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 f 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 ! 1 1 1 1 1 ! 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 TI 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 lUMIIll II11I III1UIIIIII !IU TVLFRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.Paris To Play Richmond Wednesday. The boys basket) ball team of theParis High School will meet thestrong team . of the Richmond HighSchool Wednesday evening in theHigh School gymnasium. The contest is being looked, forward to witha great deal of interest, as the comparative strength of the two teamshave not. been tested this season in amatch game. The Paris team haslost but one game this season, thatbeing to the Eastern Kentucky Normal School in a close and excitingcontest.The undefeated girls' team hasbeen unable to secure a contest sincethe defeat of the State team about aweek ag:, although the managementhas made repeated eff jrt to securedates with Somerset,, Lexington andMaysville. ;Special ReductionsOn AllWINTER GOODSs20 Ladies' and Misses' Suits, Choice$5.00 Each,V Values Up To $25.00 -i- COATS AND FURS h- At Big Price ReductionsBe sure and take a look at our Remnant Tables. BigBargains to be found in all kinds of Yardage Goods.Frank & Co.Paris, - - Kentuckyimm mmmmmwmmmmmmmmmsmmmv''re-WT " -----THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB. 6, 1912FREE REMEDY HELPS CHILDRENMany a mother has learned of a"way of avoiding sickness in her family, especially among the children, by-the use of a free sample bottle of thefamous laxative, Dr. Caldwell's SyrupPepsin. This offer of the doctor's tosend a free sample bottle has been responded to by thousands of women5n all parts of America.Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin is atruly wonderful laxative and especially adapted to the needs of babiesand children because it is pleasant to-taste and no child will refuse it. Then,it is mild and never gripes. It is allthat a child's remedy should be,though it is a good laxative for thewhole family because it is effectiveat all ages. It is not dynamic likesalts, pills and powerful cathartics,which should not be given to children under any circumstances.2BourbonMVIS & FUNK, Props.0f Telephone No. 4.BourbonfafaasParis, Kentucky,LocandaThe Fastest Son of Allerton 2:09;Sived by Allerton 2:09, the world's leading sire of standard performersdarn Katharina (great brood mare), by Alcyone 2:27; second dam KatieJackson; by Almont 33. Holder of world's pacing record, miles, 3:15X.TERMS: $50 TO INSURE A LIVING FOALPeter Billiken (3) 2:16 1-4Son of Peter The Great 2:074,leading sire of futurity winners, dam Baron Lassie, by Baron Wilkes 2:18.Winner of 6-heat race against aged horses.Terms: $50 to Insure a Living Foal.W. A. BACOM, Paris, Ky.TOBACCOHAULINGWe are prepared to haulTobacco to the markets atany point. No crop toolarge. We can furnish teamsand wagons.TRANSFER....Best equipped transfer line; in the city. Special atten-. tion given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Eighth Street Both Phones.One of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are Showing-A moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The".Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra efforts'this season to reach the idea of-every woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactory'purchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Hot andJJColdBATHSHot and cold baths,fiverything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waitSi You are next.JVL: A.' KAHAL.Nine times out of ten when a childcomplains and you don't know exactly what is the matter with it, itneeds a laxative its bowels are constipated. Syrup Pepsin will correctthe trouble, tone up the child andsoon it will be well again wonderful results have been secured withSyrup Pepsin over night.You can buy it of any druggist atfifty cents or a dollar a bottle, thelatter being the family size, but youare invited to make a test of it firstat the doctor's expense. Send himyour address today and he will sendyou a free sample bottle direct toyour home. Then when satisfied buyit of your favorite druggist. tFor the free sample address him.Dr. W. B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwellbuilding, Monticello. 111.LaundryOffice Opp. Postoffice. WmA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Laundry,2:02KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."Hourly High Speed ThroughService.Paris Lexington - FrankfortDivision.Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort every hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m.,and at 10 p. m., the last car goingonly as far as Versailles.Cars leave Lexington for Versaillesand Frankfort, and for Paris everyhour on the hour from ( a. m. until7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p. m., thelast car going ' only as far as Versailles. Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington and. Paris every thirtyminutes after the hour from 6:30 a.m. until 7:30 p. m., and at 10:30 p.m., the last car going only as faras Lexington.GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTONNICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexingtonand Nicholasville every forty-fiveminutes after the hour from 5:45 a.m. until 6:45 p. m., and 8:05 and10:05 p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetownevery hour on the hour from 6 a. muntil 7 p. m. and at 9 and li p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville every thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 p.m. and at 9:30 p. m. and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville for Lexington and Georgetown every fifteenminutes after the hour from 6:lo a.m. until 2:15 p. m. and 10:15 p. m.Daily Fast Freight Service BetweenParis, Lexington, Versailles, Frankfort, Georgetown and all Intermediate Points. Freight Agent's Telphones: Old Phone 309, NewPhone, 309.Cement For Sale.We have a few barrels of first classcement left that we will sell below themarket price.PARIS LUMBER & M'F'G. CO.Feed the Birds.Continued cold and the heavy snowfall and the weather is working, an extreme hardship on the birds. Thesnow fall has cut off their natural supply of food, and the efforts of the littlefowls of the air to secure enough foodto sustain life should not be in vain.Argument is not required to provethat we need the birds, not only forsentimental but for eminently practical reasons. Their presence has a realeconomic value, and it would be a pityif any number of our feathered friendswho brave our winters should be allowed to perish, when a little aid wouldpull them through this period of greatadversity., It is not the English sparrow that ishardest hit by the extreme winterweather. He manages to take care ofhimself, whatever the conditions maybe,, although just how he does it ismore or less of a mystery. His presence, it is true, rather complicates theproblem of how to provide rations forthose birds that are well worth cultivating. Hut the answer to this is that thefood supplies for the birds should notbe made so abundant that even thesparrow's voracious appetite will notconsume all the grain, seed and tablescraps that are scattered outside. Hemay take the greater share, as it ishis nature to do, but the supply canreadily be made ample for ell withoutany particular expense or trouble toany individual, if all who love and appreciate birds will each do his share.Feed the birds in plenty during thestrenuous months of winter and whenthe warm dajs come he will repay thekindness by the destruction of thousands of insects.For Girls' Protection.Cincinnatil has taken a very important step for the protection of theworking girl in that city and in thefuture all amusement and dance hallswill be under the supervision of a committee appointed by Mayor Hunt.Th public dance hall has proven amenace to the good moral of the QueenCity, and the municipal control of theplaces of amusement is calculated toremove the evil. Hundreds and hundreds of innocent girls lured into thepublic halls and into other places ofamusement in the large cities, havefallen victims to the vampires that infest such communities.While dancing is an innocent amusement the entertainments in the largercities have furnished a .screen behindwhich some of the most atrociouscrimes have been committed. Younggirls, irequenters of such resorts, forinnocent amusement only, have beenled on by men whose sole object wasto accomplish their ruin.Now the city of Cincinnati proposesto take the matter in its hands andwill govern dance halls in such a manner that the girl frequenters will be inno danger. Objeztionable characterswill be barred and police protectionwill be ample. This is a good moveand will be the means of saving manya girl from a life of shame.Temperament No Defense.Woman wants divorce from herhusband because she caught himpainting a widow's roof. Being anordinary roof painter, he cannot pleadartistic temperament as an excuse.Colds.Numbers of people are sufferingjust now from Irritating colds in thehead. A very simple home remedywhich brings almost instant relief isto pour half a pint of boiling water onto a dram of pulverized camphor, andto inhale the vapor for about ten tofifteen minutes. The annoying fits ofsneezing, running eyes and heavyfeeling in the head will quickly yieldto this remedy.The Home Merchant.A portion of our people seem disinlined to patronize the home merchantexcept when they can't help it. Theywill ask a grocer to deliver a yeastcake to their back door. But when itcomes to ordering a winter's supply ofcanned goods , they write to some distant departm ent store.It should be needless to say that1 ifeveryone 'did thus, we should havestores to rent, fewer opportunities forpeople to earn a living at home.On the con trary, if we all boughteverything possible at home.our storescould keep even better stocks. It is agreat convenienc to be ale to makeselections from a good line of goods athome. This becomes possible whereeveryone loyally supports the homemerchants.Under such circumstances existingstores could do a larger business, employ more people, and new concernswould start. Every person owningreal estate or a business here wouldsee it grow more valuable.Even the man with nothing wouldgain. There would be more propertyto tax, hence more public improvements. With more money in circulation our fraternal societies, churchesand clubs could serve the communitymore efficiently. SZI- . ' vNEWS FROM THE CAPITOLWashington, February 12 ChiefPostoffice Inspector Sharp reports thatduring 1911, 522 persona were indictedfor mail order frauds. Of the 196 tried184 were convicted, 12 acquitted, 177await trial, 72 await grand juryaction. Twenty-eight were arrestedbut not indicted. Hon. Oscar Underwood, chairman of the HouBe Committee upon Ways and Means insists uponmore' economy in public expenditures.The Lorimer investiga tion ha beensuspended because of illness of Attorney Hanecy, Lorimer's counsel.The Moss Committee of the Househas exonerated Dr. H. W. Wiley fromcharges of conspiracy.The reported activity of men closeto Geo. W. Perkins of "U. S. Steel"for Southern delegates gives credenceto the report that Col. Roosevelt "willaccept."The hearings of the Senate Postofficecommittee upon the proposed ParcelsPost are drawing to a close. Some ofthe phases Drought out are the following : To the J casual observer it hasseemed easy and reascneable for thisgovernment to institute sucessfully agstem upon the order of that operatedin European countries. The twentyeight.million copies of f;farm journalspublished each month have givenplethoric advocacy. The ordinary reader had failed to see Che counting roominfluence back of the editorial endorsement of these and the "populrr"magazines. They themselves have notdisclosed that it does not pay locoldealers to advertise in such periodicalsand that these are supported by advertising from houses which aim to selldirect to consumer to the eliminationof the "middle man." It has beenshown that you cannot "eliminate"him without uprooting many otherlocal interests : the local newspapers,banks in fact every other element ofa town's vitality, and damagingproperty values including those of surrounding lands; that consumers wouldthen pay more than they now pay.since the profits of retail mail orderhouses in many instances are morethan that of wholeaskr and retailercombined.Some paople seem, to have beenastounded that the mercantile associatiuns have put up such a fight againstbusiness extermination of their members. Here and there it has been suggested that "the express companiesmust be back of it," etc.When this charge wan made by theadveoate before the Senate postofficecommittee its injustice was so apparent that Senator Bourne,, chairmanof the committee, himself in advocatecf Parr.els Post, promptly said that hehad not seen or heard of any representative of an express companyassisting in the opposition.Woman's Age.A few years ago after a woman hadpassed thirty-five she was relegatedto the fireside and she looked and feltold. She lived in her memory, and alltho money that was spent for littlefrills and follies was given to herdaughter; for mother, all was over.Suddenly woman awakened to thefact that after thirty-five she is at herbest, and that her beauty need notfade unless she wishes it. Home Life.Cleaning Glass Vases.Flower vases which have becomecloudy and discolored should becleaned with a mixture of vinegarand salt, poured in and well shakenabout. A long piece of stiff wire,upon the end of which is a little padof soft rag, should be poked into allthe corners and crevices, and the vasethen rinsed in warm water and driedwith a good polishing cloth. F!ymarks upon the gilt frames of pictures should be rubbed with half alemon and then polished with achamois leather.Special Clubbing Rate for 60Days.By special arrangement the News isenaoled to furnish the most attractiveclubbing rate ever put before the public. For the next 60 days we will offerthe Daily Chicago Exaimner, recognized as one of the foremost journals ofthe United States in connection withthe Bourbon News, for one year forS3. 75. This is a great opportunity tosecure both papers at a great reduction. All subscriptions should be sentto the News. tEis the highest type ofwomanhood.Scott'sEmulsionis the highest type ofcurative food.The nourishing andcurative elements inScott's Emulsion are soperfectly combined thatall (babies, children andadults) are equally benefitted and built up.Be sure to get SCOTT'Sit's the Standard and alwaysthe best.ALL DRUGGISTS11-17THE SECRET F LONG LIFE.Do not sap the springs of life by neglect of the human mechanism, by allowingthe accumulation of poisons in the system. An imitation of Nature's method ocrestoring waste of tissue and impoverishment of the blood and nervous strength ito take an alterative glyceric extract (without alcohol) of Golden Seal and Oregongrape root, Bloodroot, Stone and Mandrake root with Cherrybark. Over 40 yearaago Dr. Pierce gave to the public this remedy, which he called Dr. Pierce's GoldenMedical Discovery. He found it would help the blood in taking up the proper elements from food, help the liver into activity, thereby throwing out the poisons fromthe blood and vitalizing the. whole system as well as allaying and soothing a cough.No one ever takes cold unless constipated, or exhausted, and having what yvsJIBS. DOEN. then in eood health.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH 'PHONES DAY 13 7; NIGHT 399.The Best is noneand makejhe Women happy.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North jJMiddletown, Little Rock anRuddles' Mills."Whenyou have East Tennessee serviceHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedEnds Winter's Troubles.To many winter is a'season of trouble. The frost-bitfcen toes and fingerschapped hands and lips, chilblains,cold sores, red and rough skins.provethis. But soch troubles fly beforeBucklen's Arnica Salve. A trial convinces, Greatest healer of burns,boils, piles, cuts, sores, bruises, eczema and sprains. 25c at Oberdorfer's.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfJlnnk LanqbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.augl6tfEast Tenn. Phoe 669LOWRY & TALBOTTOsiris, KZexifu-OlsLVALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.call mal-nutntion .which is attended with impoverished bloodand exhaustion of nerve force. The "Discovery" is an allround tonic which restores tone to the blood, nerves andheart by imitating Nature's methods of restoring wasteof tissue, and feeding the nerves, heart and lungs on richred blood." I suffered from pain under my right shoulder blade also a verysevere cough," writes Mrs. W. Dorn, of New Brookland, S. C. to Dr.R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y. " Had four different doctors and none didme any good. Some said I had consumption, others said I would havnto have an operation. I wa3 bedridden, unable to sit up for six montkiand was nothing but a live skeleton. Yon advised me to take Dr.Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery and Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets,"When I had taken one bottle of the 'Discovery ' I could sit up for aahour at a time, and when I had taken three bottles I could do nvcooking and tend to the children. I took fourteen bottles in all and xriaMy weight 13 now 157 pounds.too good for you.youSModern Equipment,4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFOR0Joe. G. Mitchell,Against Fire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies. Phone 162Agent.will not be yours unless youhave a parlor stove as artisticas it is serviceable. Have alook at the stoves in this hardware store. They are brightand attractive and really betterheat makers than the ugliestold stove you ever saw. Prettiness costs nothing . either.Plain stoves cannot bethoughtcheaper.,, -v SVvNEWAFIREFI0THE BOURBON NEWS PA&IS, KENTUCKY, FEB. 6, 1912.IB1IC SALEr1February Clearanc-OF-NOTES eMBffiBOMBROOKfx FARMREAL ESTATE: : And Personal Property : :Located in and Around the City Limits of Paris, Ky., onWednesday, Feb. 21, 1912,At 10 o'clock a. m.Having sub-divided my farm, I will offer at public sale, WITHOUTKESERVE, the following tracts:Tract No. 1 contains 2 acres.Tract No. 2 contains 3 acres.Tract No. 3 contains 34 acres. 1Tract No. 4 contains Z( acres.Tract No. 5 contains 4 acres. rTract No. 6 contains 5 acres. - - . 7Tract No. 7 contains 5j4 acres.All fronting on Georgetown pike.Tract No. 8 contains 104 acres.Tract No. 9 contains 14 acres.Above two tracts have a 30 foot road to Georgetown pike.Tract No. 10 contains 424 acres, fronting on Georgetown pike.Said tract has a four-room cottage, good cistern, tobacco barn, 48x74 ft,,o other outbuildings, all in good repair.14 building lots on Eighth street, 40x200 feet each.1 three-room house, stock barn and three acres of land on Gano street.At the same time and place I will sell the following personal property:4 extra good young Jersey cows, fresh ;2 sows and pigs, 7 shoats, 1 extra good young male hog ;2 2-horse wagons. 1 set wagon harness, 1 mower, 1 disc harrow, 1 Aharrow,, plows, cultivators, etc.500 7-ib. locust fence posts, 25 large 10-ft. gate and end posts, locust.7,000 tobacco sticks, and many other things too numerous to mention.TERMS On real estate, one-third cash, balance in three equal payments, due in 1, 2 and 3 years, with lein on note, bearing interest at 6 percent, or if purchaser desires to pay all cash, will allow a discount of 2 percent, on deferred payments.On personal property, all sums of $20 and under, cash, all sums over thisamount, 4 months with bankable note without interest.Sale at 10 o'clock sharp.Free Lunch and Burgoo.GEO. RASSENFOSS,For further information, address Harris & Speakes, Paris, Ky.Col. Geo. D. Speakes, Auct.PUBLIC SALEOFlock and Farming implementHaving decided to quit farming and engage in the poultry business, Twill sell onThursday, February 15, 1912,at 10 o'clock at "Oakland Stock Farm," 24 miles from Paris, on the CaneRidge pike the following stock and farm implements:HORSES, MULES, PONIES. 1 sow and 5 pigs;1 pair chestnut draft mares, one in 2ushoats. ul wigh about 65 lbs. ;foal to jack and one to horse ; 21 shoats, will weigh about 100 pounds ;1 rmir rpr snrrpl draft mares, n foal cailu Kuuu Uliejf WU1 lAluuto horse ;1 sorrel addle and harness mare inf al;3 work muls, good ones ;1 2-year-old Percheron colt ;2 2-year-old harness colts ;1 2-year-old filly ;1 yearling filly :1 aged family horse ;1 pony gentle for lady or child todrive.CATTLE, HOGS. SHEEP.4 Jersey cows, 1 red cow ;1 black pole cow, will be fresh dayof sale ;1 red cow, fresh by day of sale ;1 mountain cow, fresh by day ofsale;2 Jersey heifers, 1 yearling red bull,1 yparling steer;13 home raised yearling heifers,etxra good ;1 sow, will pig in March ;1 sow and 6 pigs, 1 sow and 10 pigs ;FARM IMPLEMENTS.1 Avery wagon, good as new ;1 hay frame, 1 Deering binder;1 Dering mower, 1 bull rake;2 check-rower corn planters, 1Hoosier drill ;1 Bemus tobacco setter;1 riding breaking plow. 1 disc harrow ;1 double disc harrow, 2 section harrow ;1 double A harrow ;4 two horse cultivators, 2 one horsecultivators :4 breaking plows, 2 double shovelplows;1 iron roller, 1 marker, 1 drag ;4 sets wagon harness ;1 buggy and harness, good as new ;1 hog vat;Double trees, single trees, hoes,pitchforks, and many other things toonumerous to mention.All my implements are good, having been used but one year.Sale rain or shine. Everything will be sold without reserve or bj'-bid.TERMS All snms under $25 cash, over that amount, six months creditwith negotiable note, bearing interest at 6 per cent, from date of sale.G.Do L.D. Speakes,! AuctE. T. Phone 1 GPublic Sale of Desirable Building Lots.On Saturday, Feb. 10,'12, at2p. m.9on the premises, I will sell to the highest and best bidder, the following described property, to-wit: . .Two building lots, fronting 44 feet each onMt. Airy, Pans, Ky., andextending back 217 feet.These lots adjoin the property of Mrs. Henry Spears, and are excellentbuilding sites, being level, high and dry, and have concrete pavements infront They are in a good neighborhood, convenient to the business part ottrxrrr i f rioaim hip hnildinsr lots on the market, and anyonedesiring to purchase a home site should attend this sale.One lot fronting 85 feet on Stoner avenue and extending back betweenparallel lines to creek. It has a two story brick building, suitable -or a business house or wareroom. ,TERMS One-third cash, balance in two equal payments, due m one andtwo years. , EO. yv. b L UAKl.For further inforinatipn call on Harris & Speakes, Paris, Ky. beorgeD. Speakes, Auctioneer.Modern Cottage For Sale Publicly!Monday, February 12? ?12? at 2 p. m..on the premises, corner Lilleston avenue, in Pans, Ky., I will sell to thehighest bidder, my new cottage, containing four rooms, large reception hallbath complete, pantry, two porches and splendid concrete cellar It iswired for electricity, has hot and cold water throughout a 40 gallon hotwater tank and sink in kitchen. It has a good coal house and hen house.These improvements have Just been completed, are well built of thebest material; and modern and convenient in every particular.Lot is 45 feet, more or less, by 130 foot, to a 15 foot alley, has concreteWalfeis a good, well-lighted, street, and convenient to cityschools.Terms made known on dajr of-sale. .JOHN CAIN, Jr.For further information, address-Harris & Speakes, Paris, Ky. . yCol. Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.Cows like pumpkins.Separate all indisposed turkeys.Have a regular Jay for greasing thewagon. "The cow is a vital part of the dairymachine.The olive trees date back to veryearly times.Few horses can digest perfectlyclear timothy hay.There is no animal more unprofitable than a poor sheep.Horses that have a light hay dietare seldom affected with heaves.It does not make very much, if any,difference when a cow is fed grain.Good horse blankets are savers ofvaluable horse flesh and high-pricedfeed.You can hardly push pigs too fast,providing you use the right kind offood.Dirty collars are probably as re- isponsible for sore shoulders as illfitting ones.You cannot fatten a brood sow andfatten a hog alike and make the bestsuccess of both.From eiglit to ten hens to one tornis good mating with turkeys, andshould produce 150 poults.A good cow ought to produce on anaverage 25 pounds of four per cent,milk daily for 300 days in the year.Close housing and bad ventilation inthe cow stable are favorable conditions for starting tuberculosis in aherd!Besides dry nesting quarters, thepigs should have a good-sized lot inwhich they may get plenty of exercise. As long as the breeding of a sowis profitable she should be bred. Itis not advisable to sell off a goodbrood animal.Groom the horses well after hardwork. The skin is thus not onlycleaned, but safeguarded against parasite diseases.Brush the mud off the cow's udderand flank, then wipe off with dampcloth. You can't strain mud out ofmilk. Keep it out.The cow your neighbor does notwant to sell is the one you want tobuy. Get around this dilemma byraising that kind yourself.Three years of spraying, pruningand cultivation will bring an orchardthat you are ashamed of into a condition that you will be proud of.Scrape off loose, peeling bark fromthe trunks of trees before sprayingthem, because this serves as an excellent breeding place for insects.To get the best eggs for hatching,the rations should be of good grainsbalanced by milk or meat food andmust include green food in someform.High prices should not tempt thewise dairyman to part with his goodcows and heifers. Remember theyare just as valuable to you as to anybody else.In yarding sheep, don't forget aconstant supply of good fresh waterand rock-salt are a necessity; also,plenty of good fresh bedding, and always a dry lair.After farrowing when the digestivesystem of the sow has reached a normal condition her ration should begradually increased until she is getting all she can eat.Ewes will suffer less and have fewerspoiled udders if they are confined tosmall lots or inclosures, with dry feed,for a few days after they have beenrobbed of their lambs.Never buy a horse, if you can avoidit, with a narrow or shallow chest, orwhose forelegs are close together.Such an animal lacks room adequatefor the lung capacity to be longwinded. A piece of tarred paper or wirenetting should he fastened around thestem of all spring and fall plantedtrees. Tie the tarred paper closelyat the bottomland at. the top. Thiswill prevent field mice and rabbitsgnawing, the tender hark of the treeswhen deep snows cover the ground.SALEBeginning February 3, and WillLast Until March 2.Our Entire Stock Will Be Cut 40 per. cent DuringThis Great Clearance Sale.9x12 Smith Axminster Rug $18.759x12 Smith Velvet Rug '$16.009x12 Seamless Tapestry Rug...$ 13.759x12 3 -seam TapestryRug $10.50Tapestry Brussell Carpet, per yd 75cAxminster Carpet, per yd.... $1.00Ingrain Carpet, per yd 29c up to 70cMattings 14c, 18c, 22c, 25cFloor Oil Cloth 19c up to 28cLinoleum 50c up to $1.20Folding Beds $10.75 up to $35.00P Ranges, Cook Stoves and HeatersCut to the Quick.A Nice Oak Dining Chair 85cGenuine Leather Seat Chair $2.25Davenports $18.75 up to $38.00Sideboards $16.75 up to $36.00China Closet $10.75 up to $35.00Extension Table $4.25 up to $24.00Buffets $16.75 up to $36.00Bedroom Suits $22.75 up to $125Odd Dressers $7.75 up to $40.00Iron Beds $1.95 up to $20.00Brass Beds $14.75 up to $48.00Felt Mattress, 45 lb $6.75Wood Wool Mattress $5.25Af Wheeler Furniture Co.Paris, KentuckyCor. Main and Third Sts. CHAS. A. GREEN, Mgr. Opp. Court House.NOTICE;toBUTCHERSTAND FABMERS!Market Price I am Paying ForHides:Beef Hides, 10 1-4 to 11 1-2Cents per lb.MAX MUNICK,8th Street, PARIS, KY.Call East Temi. Phone 374PUBLIC SALE.OF.Stock, Farm Implements,Etc.Editor Evidently Not Musician.Cristofali, a native of Padua, produced the first piano in 1710. Nowthat we know the miscreant's namewe feel easier. Exchange.Parson's Poem a Gem.From Rev. H. Stdbenvoll, Allison.Ia.. in praise of Dr. King's New LifePills:"They're such a health necessity.In every home these pills should be.If other kinds you've tried in vain,USE DR. KING'SAnd be -well again.Only 25c at Oberdorfer's.Discourtesy Recented.I would as soon shake hands witha soft mackerel as with a man whooffers two fingers. Sir Francis Vane.Thirty Years Together.Thirty years of association, thinkof it. How the meiitof a good thingstands out in that time or the worth -lessnessof a bad one.s So there's noguesswork in this evidence of Thos.Ariss. Concord, Mich., who writes:"I have used Dr. King's New Discovery for 30 years, and its the bestcough and cold cure 1 ever used."Once it finds entrance in a honiejyoucan't pry it out. Many families haveused it forty years. It's the most infallible throat and lung medicine onearth. Unequaled for lagrippe, asthma, hay fever, croup, quinsy, or soielungs. Price 50c: and $1. Trial bottlefree. Guaranteed bv Oherdorfer.Flat Chest.The occupation of a bookkeepertends to bring the head and shouldersforward and cramp the chest. Try tosit more erect and learn to stand tall,and stretch the body to its full height., Many defects of the figure are due tobad postures, but .'by exercise manydefects can be corrected.-Having decided tbj quit farming, Iwill sell at public. ' auction, at myfather's place on tfre Bethlehem pikeabout fonr miles from Paris, onThursday, fcb. 22, 1912,at ten o'clock a. m., the followingstock and farm implements:1 team horse mules, 7 and 8 yearsold;1 team horse mules, 6 to'7 years old;1 horse mule, 6 years, old;1 horse mule, 14 years old; 'These mules are about 16 hands high' and are extra good workers;j 1 8 year old mare by Blue Chester,in foal to Red McDonald; and one extranice driver;1 colt, by Taylor Simmons ;117 ewes, bred to lamb in March;2 cows with young calve?;14 sows, bred to farrow in March;1 Duroc boar;1 Poland China boar;70 SO-lb, shoats:1 Moyer rubber-tired buggy;1 break cart:1 Old Hickory wagon and bed;1 StudebaKer wagon and bed ;1 wagon frame;1 10-disc Hoosier drill;2 Deering binders;1 Randall harrow;1 smoothing harrow;3 steel beam Vulcan breaking plows;1 wooden beam Vulcan breakingplow;2 Brown Walking cultivators;1 Brown riding cultivator;1 Avery walking cultivator;1 Black Hawk corn planter;1 bull rake;1 Deering mower;12 hog houses, on runners;300 shocks of fodder;Some corn;Six sets of wagon and plow gears;1 set buggy harness;1 Chicago horseHclipping machine;1 grind storie. 3tc., etc. jTERMS All sums of 25 and undercash. Over that amount a credit ofsix months will be ..allowed on oodbankable note,, bearing interest at therate of six pen cent per annum fromday of sale until paid. ?LLOYD ASHURST, JR..R. F. D. No. , Pans, Ky.- :Home phone 519.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.31jan-tdProfessional CardsJJ. WIMjIAMS,ATTORNE Y-AT-L AW .2oom 1 Elks Building.Dr. Win. Kennedy,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Streets .. 'Office Phones THome 136.( E. T. 334.'( Home 334.ResidenceDR. A. tl KELLEJB,Practicing Physician,Offiees,'Rooms 4 and o, Elk's Bld'g:Paris, - KentuckyHorses Taken Up.Two horses strayed to my plsce cnCane Ridge aboudt January 1. Owner"an have same by proving propertyand paying for keeping of same andadvertising charges.LINDSAY STEWART.Cane Kidge, Ky.Sale of Bank Stock.On Monday, February 5, 1912. about11 o'clock a. m. I will sell at the courthouse door five shares of Agricultural1Bank stock.W. A. GRIMES, Admr ,of John D. Grimes, deceasedM. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.For Sale Privately.Iron bed, matt-ess. springs. C3?pp.ts-,rugs, pictures, curtains, refrigerator,dining table and chairs.MISS CLARA BACON.1909 Cypress street.FOR RENT.. , I have fqr rent or will lease fcr-drterm-of years the best livery and; salebarn in Paris, Kentcuky. Situatedcorner Second and Main streets, opposite Windsor Hot, posseession given.Jan. 1, 1912. E. T.P hone 19S.J. H. BUTLER.12 tf Paris. Ky.FOR SALE75 to 80 acres between L. & N. R. R. and Clintonville pik$.A good proposition for either sub-division or -truck, farm,very near Paris city limits. Price right if sold' in the next.'.two weeks. Call or write owners,- " ...THE BOURBON NEWS. PARIS, KENTUCKY, FE.6. 6, 19 12i - mm fcaiM.DEATH.IIMil3ifSpecialShort Profit Sale,February 3, toFebruary 24IIWe Guarantee Fully the Quality of All Goods Sold.3Attend This Sale And See a Dollar BuyMore Than a Dollar's WorthMl Watches, Clocks, Gold and GoldTiffed JewelrySilver Plated Ware, Cut Glass,Ete., Will 60 Tor 20 per cent. Less thanthe Regular Prices.Sterling Silver TIaUivare Tor 10 per cent Less.,9?fani Special ffiareains Will Sfte Offered 3ro7n Zfime to Tjimc.Watch Our Window.LEADYOU FROBMACmTHE height of folly in reached by the man who so utterlydisregards a care for the future by not providinghimself with a bank account. The arguments as towhy a man should have money in the bank are withoutnumber, and it is but folly that leads a man from a Bankaccount.We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accounts! DEPOSIT BANK OF PARISCapital $100,000Surplus $30,000MATRIMONIAL.4Mrs. James Monroe Leer announcesthe engagment of her daughter, MissLoura'Kitrell Leer, to Mr. Roger Randolph Early, Jr., of Fayette county.The wedding will be one of" the eventsof the early spring.The bride-elect is the youngestdaughter of Mrs. James Monroe Leer,a sister of Mrs. B. F. Buckley, and anattractive and accomplished youngwoman.Mr. Early is a son of Mr. Roger R.Eariy, Sr., well-known farmer andcapitalist of Fayette eounr.y, and is apromising young business man of Lexington. County Clerk PearceFaton Fridavissued a marriage license to Mr. JohnBerry and Miss Lillie McCarthy, bothof this county.Hollander was Seeking Companion. The Cincinnati Enquirer of Sundaycontained the following:"Herbert Nordwell, a globe trotterwho started on a 'hike" around theworld, beginning at Amsterdam,Holland, three years ago, walked intoNight Chief Renkert's office shortlybefore midnight and asked that asearch be made for his partner, Gottfried Kodgigues, of Amsterdam, whowas lost in a snowstorm at Paris, Ky."Nordwell believes Rodgigues escaped death all right and headed for Cincinnati. The travelers are walking inendeavor to gather data concerning'the customs of Americans and otherswhose domains they will cover."Rodgigues was in this city lastThursday and was billed as a featureat the Comet Theatre, giving a lectureon Ms travels. He left Paris Fiidaymorning headed in the direction ofCynthiana. It is not reasonable thatNordwell's companion Gott-fried ; morelikely he "Gott-froze."THEATRICAL.Mr. Ben F. Wilson, of this cily,aged about 60 years, died at the GoodSamaritan Hospital in Lexington Friday night about 12 o'clock of organicheart trouble. Mr. Wilson had heen atthe institution about ten days. He hadbeen ill for some time but was notthought to be in a serious condition,) when about ten days ago hi4 illnessassumen a critical Lstage ana tie wastaken to the Lexington hospital.Mr. Wilson was a widower, his wife,who was formerly Miss Cray, of thiscounty, ; preceding him to the graveabout one year ago. The wife of Mr.R. P. Hopkins, of Little Rock, also deceased, was his daughter. He is survived by two sons, Edward, of .Newport, and John Wilson, of Baltimore,Md., and one daughter, Mrs. EdgarSharron, of Newport.At one time Mr. Wilson was aprosperous merchant and land ownerof Little Reck. Meeting with reverseshe lost the greater portion of hisaccumulations and following the deathof his wife helmoved to this city wherehe has since resided. He was a member of the Masonic order.The funeral services were held atthe grave in the Little Rock cemeterySunday afternoon, with services conducted by the PariB and Little RnckLodges of JYlason3.King Welsh, a young sportingwriter, formerly connected with theLexington Leader, died in that citySaturday night after an illness of morethan a year of tuberculosis of thespine. He was very popular withKentucky turfmen and ball players.Mr. Jama M. Strother. a memberof the Lexington bar, formerly editorof the Carlisle Democrat, and a brother of Rev. J. P. Strother, formerlypastor of the Paris Methodist church,died at his apartments in Lexingtonlast Thursday afternoon, from Bright'sdisease. He was a son of the lateRev. Jeremiah Strother, a well knownminister of the Methodist church.Mrs. Lillian Clayton Meteer,aged 39 years, died at the St. JosephHospital in Lexintgon Friday morningat six o'clock following an operationwnich had been performed in the hopeof relieving her of a serioas attack ofstomach troubl".Mrs. Meteer had been a sufferer forseveral months and it was upon theadvice of her attending physician thatshe undergo the operation. Wednesdayshe was taken to the hospital and onthe day following the operation wasperformed. Apparently the operationi was successful and she rallied for thej ordeal and it was thought she was reI covering, when Thursday evening therecame a decided change for the worse,with the result that she passed awayat the hour named above,j Mrs Meteer is survived by her hus1 band, Mr. William Meteer, a promi1 nent farmer of Hutchison, this county,1 also her mother, Mrs. Amanda Clayton,J residing on South Main street in thiscity, and three brothers, Mr. Georgej Clayton, of Versailles, Mr. Henry, Clayion, of Lexington, and Mr. Archie! C. Clayton, of Jacksonville, Fla.J The body was brought to the home; of her nrother-in-law, Mr, RobertJ Meteer, on the Lexington pike Fridayafternoon, by Mr. George W. Davis,l and the funeral services were held. from that place Sunday afternoon at: two o'clock, conducted by Prof. S. M.1 Jefferson. The burial took place in theParis cemetery.The pall-bearers were Messrs. E. P.! Claybrook, Wm. Lynch, A. H. Smed-ley, Custis Talbott, T. B. Nichols andLogan Gregg.s sSALE OF IWMITEComprising WhiteGoods, WashGoods, MuslinUnderwear andOther LinesBIRTHS.Last night, to the wife of Mr. A T.McCarthy, of Thornton division, afind 8-pound son.Bank Stock Sold.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold yesterday at the court house door for theAdministrator of John B. Grimes fiveshares of Paris Agricultural bankstock to John Marston at 232.50 pershare."THE COUNTRY BOY."What promises to be one of theinteresting attractions of the presentseason will be Edgar Selwyn's comedy,"The Country Boy,." which Henry B.Harris will present at the Paris Grandon Wednesday, February 21.The great scene in "The CountryBoy" is a typical theatrical boardinghouse. It presents the people found insuch a place with the same veritywhich the other characters so conviningly represent and at the same timethe funny side of these people's attitude toward life is so amusingly drawnthat the audience is convulsed withlaughter. Mr. jSelwyn in his youngerdays spent much time in just 'suchboarding houses and in the vicinity ofthe west thirties in New York City,there are many of them still extanttoday. There is said to be much otheramusing material in "The CountiyBoy" but this one scene was sufficientto guarantee the success of the play, gFarm Sold.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney for 'Special Commissioner C. D. Webb sold yesterday at public sale at he courthouse door the Joe Hall farm nearBethlehem church, containing 132acres, to William Hall at $90 per acre.Additions to Honor Roll.The following names were ommittedfrom the Honor Roll of the Paris Public School which appeared in a recentissue of the Bourbon News:Grade 2-b Ann Relford, 93.Grade V-a Stanley Rihcards 92,Plamer Myres 91,Laundry OHice to Move.Owing to the fact that the buildingnow occupied by the Bourbon SteamLaundry has been leased to the ColonialAmusement Co., of Lexington, whichis to install a motion picture theatrein the building, the office will bemoved across the street to the roomadjoining the Adams Express office.Eggs Reach High Water Mark.The price of eggs on the local marketisoared to the high water mark yesterday when local grocerymen werequoting them at 40 cents per dozen,and they are very scarce, the demandgreatly exceeding the supply at thisadvanced price.Butter on the local market is veryscarce, and the country produce is retailing at 35 cents per pound, whilethe creamery butter is selling at 50cents per pound.News oi the Horses.Ocean Bound, Ocean Blue and CloudChief were taken to Lexington Fridayfrom the fajpn of Clay Bros., and are! now in the string at the Association! track under the care of French Brooks,the colorea trainer, wno nas givenmuch care to the Clay horses. Theywill compose only a .part of the Clay! string for 1912. Ocean Bound is saidto be in fine bodily condition and looksas good as she ever d!d,Frantic, dam of Tommy Waddell,and Lady Godiva, owned by ArthurHancock, of this city, have been shipped to Eillerslie JSturl Virginia, theformer to be bred to the Colt and thelatter to Heno.Kaufman, Straus & Co.,WOLF, WILE & COMPANY, SuccessorsEvery announcement this firm makes through thecolumns of the Newspapers contains a distinct and important message to the prudent and economical purchaser ofMerchandise from this establishment. The goods offeredare of interest for one reason or another, either it is theprice, or the exceptional quality or both. The prices areno doubt in most cases the attraction, backed up by sterlingqualities for which this firm and its predecessors haveacquired standing among all classes of Lexington's population and those of our surrounding country. We may add,that these goods offered here, are not .bought for specialsale purposes, but are our regular carried high-class qualityof -merchandise. No seconds, no refused styles or hardstock.JCaufmarij Straua dc Co,,mWolf, Wile & Company Successors. 9LEXINGTON, KY.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESUpwards of forty horses are saidto have died in Mason county in thepast fwe weeks from "forage poisoning." Wm. McCray purchased of EdTurner two crops of Burley tobaccoagrgegating about 5,000 pounds atprices ranging from $9 to $9.60 perhundred pounds.Dr. D. S. Henry, of this city, soldlast week to 0. E. Rhodes the remainder of his land in the suburbs of Flemingsbrg, known as the Fant farm, at$110 per acre. The tract containsabout 41 acres and is all in grass.H. S. Caywood, of North Middletown, sold recentis to Richard Jordan,of Thompsonville, Georgia, four headof combined horses at good prices. Mr.Jordan also purchased an extra goodcombined horse from Collins & Redmon an W. D. Mclntyre, of Millersburg, a pair of four-year-old mules ata private price.The farmers of Madison county itis said faced a vexing question in regard to stock feed which is excedinglyscarce. The scarcity it is claimed isdue principally to the fact that thefarmers have turned their attention tothe raising of tboacco neglecting otherproducts, such as sugar cane and thelike, to be used as a roughness forcattle.J. F. Cook & Co., of Lexington,shipped Monday to parties in MexicoCity, Mexico, six registered jacks,two of them Spanish and imported andthe other of the mammoth type. "Thedeal amounts to several thousanddollars. The same firm will ship toCuban parties a fancy saddle mare, aShetland pony and six thoroughbredhogs.Abnee & Mussinon, of this city,purchased last week the followingcrops of tobacco : From Marion Hall,10,000 pounds at 9 1-2 cents; J. HalWoodford, 85,000 pounds at 9 cents ; C.M. Clay, 20,000 pounds at 8 cents ;Dodge & Stoker, 20.000 pounds at 9cents; W. P. Wornall, 20,000 pounds! atS cents. Several days ago this firmpurchased 50,000 pounds at prices ranging from 3 to 7 cents for delivery inthis city.J. D. Booth, of Millerbsurg, boughtof Bridges Bros., of Montgomerycounty, 10,000 pounds at 7 "l4 cents,delivered in Lexington.Dan Pted, of Paris, bought of SquireN. S. Terry his crop of 8,000 pounds at11 cents delivered in Lexington. Mr.Peed received an offer of 14 cents forthe crop soon after its dlivery toLexington market.Bush Bishop, of Bourbon, soldthe Lexington loose leaf marketward of 200,000 pounds of tobaccoana verage price of . 10 3-4 centspoundi . . .... cs. fjzzzz.theonup-atperSmv His Shadow.The ground hog as a weather prognosticator, retains all the laurelswhich he has hitherto acquired 'for onFriday he saw his shadow after hissleep of several months, weDt back inhis abode and immediately thereafterOld Boreas began to carry out the remainder of the program.Most any time during the day Fridaythe ground hog could have seen hisshadow, so there is little doubt that hecould have overlooked the bet, and tomore forcible exercise his skill as aweather forecaster, sent upon the community one of the worst spells of tnepresent winter.Saturday the weather became verysevere and the report was sent outthat the mercury would go below .thezero mark. Sunday morning thermomenters in this city registered aslow as fourteen below the zero mark.At present there is no "relief in sightand we may as well prepare to contentourselves with a full six .veeks of disagreeable weather.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclass barbers. ' 13 tf-Improvement League Meets.The Bourbon County School lai"provement League held a meeting:Saturday afternoon in the office ofMiss Mabel Robbins at the courthouse. Several important matterswere up far discussion, arrangementscompleted and committees appointedto served dinner for the BourbonCounty Teachers' Association to be.held in this city on I?ebriary 17. Atthe regular meeting in March theannual election of officers will be hel J.New Trial Denied.In the Fayette Circuit Court Saturday Judge Chas, Kerr declined togrant a new trial in the 'case ofCatesby Woodford vs. the Louisvilleand Nashville railroad, in which theplaintiffs were given a verdict of$15,000 for damages sustained by ashipment of eight thoroughbreds fromLexington to the Juarez, Mexico,track. The car in which the horseswere being shipped from Lexingtoncauhgt fire from an overturned lanternin the yards at Frankfort, burningseveral of the horses and necessitatingthe killing of three The chief groundin the petition for a new trial was thealleged statement of a Lexingtonhorseman within the hearing of thejury as they retired to the jury room,that one of the horses was very valuable. Affidavits of the twelve jurorswho heard the statement .were introduced. Col. R. B. Franklin, of Frankfort and Attorney R. C. TalboK ofthis city, represented the plaintiffs,VkTsr& BOURBON NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGFor Sale Cheap.jne 'Leer System" file. In goodtradition. Will sell cheap for cash.-ply at News office. tfTakes Position With L. N.Mr. James Burke, formerly a memltr of the Paris poline force, has acted a position as watchman at thel,iN. passenger depot.Dressed Chickens.t'te have them all tne time.C. P. COOK & CO.Buying Hemp.Messrs. W. S. Kiser and A.M. Hous; r. representing the firm of E. F.-.pears & Sons, of this city, are inj y.e and Jessamine counties purchashemp for the local firm.Inspection Tonight.A. J. Lovely Company, Uniformnk Knihgts of Pythias will meet: on irhtjat which ttime the annual in-ection ofathe company will the held,t is earnestly requested that all membe present.Suffers Broken Limb.Jharles Ferguson, aged 18 years, son: Mr. A. L. Ferguson, of George-.A-n,while engaged in a friendlyEixf.e with a companion Saturday,:eh and sustained a broken lpg just. .ve the ankle.Buy Coal Business.Xr. J. F. Richards has purchrssd.i:e easiness of Mr. C. R. Turner, who. . several years has conducted a coal" iness with offices in the Dow buildon North "Main street Mr. Richer has been in the employ of Mr.ner for several months.Position in Auditor's Office.Mr. Hiram Redmon , who recentlyesigned his position with the NorthMiddletown Deposit Bank, has accepted a position in the Auditor's office atrrankfort. Mr. Redmon will move hisfamily to that city about the h'rsc of.larch.Umpire Signed.President William Neal, of the Blueirass League, announces that he hasj. Ided Jacob C. Kelly, of Louisville, to'he staff of umpires inthe Blue GrassLeague. Kelly, it is said, had received numerous offers from other leaguesto act as arbiter, but preferred theproposition made him by the BlueGrass.Something New In Valentines.Every kind, size and price, from apenny up. From the comic to themost beautiful, Valentine postcards,-amething new.f.-:;t) 'PARIS BOOK STORE.Sustains Wrenched Back.Mr. Chas. R. Hill ,crf this city, whois traveling for an automobile supplyhouse, is at home suffering with asevere injury sustained several daysaa;o. The accident occured at Lynchburg, W. Va., several days ago, whenMr'. Hill alighting from his train slippad and fell. In his efforts to catch atelephone pole he severely wrenchedh s back, and the injury is giving himconsiderable trouble.Assistant Teacher Elected.Mrs. Jessie Harris, of this city, at arecent meeting of the school boardwas elected as assistant teacher in theprimary departmnt of ttoe school. Theiiecessity of an assistant teacher inthis department was due to the factthat the lower grades had become socrowded that it was impossible for oneteacher to meet the requirement. Mrs.Harris has had considerable experienceas a teacher in kindergarten and istfcJl adapted to the work.Contract Awarded.The firm of January & Connell, oftfc:s city, have bsen awarded the conct for furnishing the Federal Building in Paris with screens for windows-hidoors, over bidders from Louisville, Lexington and Cincinnati. Thecai firm has been asked to submit1 js on Government building work ini'.tr.tucky, Tennessee, Virigr.ia andti.ansas. They are corrpletingaa contt on the Government building inU-xington, iurnishing the slate, tin,!per and galvanized iron for the- nnex recently constructed.Butler 4 Co. Buy Drug Store, jMr. James B. Wilson Friday disposed of his drug business in this city to iUias. E. Butler & Co., of Carlisle andr'aris. The firm of Chas. E. Butler &Co., is comnosed of Mr. Chas. E. Buter. Jr., of Carlisle, and Mr. Chas. E.Sutler, Sr.. of this city. The juniormemhflp nf flia firm ic at nrpcpnf. rnn-ducting a sucessful drug business in ICarlisle, and will continue to reside in jthat city where he has charge of the ,establishment. Both membprs of thefirm are extremely popular and wopredict a brilliant business success for!them in the city. :Notice to the Public. jI have this day sold my drug store ;opposite the court house, in Pa-ris,Ky., to Mr. Chas. E. Butler, who will ,continue under the firm name of Chas.Butler & Co. The business will be ,conuueted in first-class order in every ;respect, new goods will be added andthe store made second to none in Central Kentucky. The prescription department will be in charge of Dr. H.Struby, who has many years of successful experience.Thanking you for oast patronage andtrusting that you will continue thesame with the new firm, I beg toremain,Yours truly,J. B. WILSON.THEPERSONAL MENTION.SOCIAL CALENDAR.Tuesday afternoon Mrs. James H.Thompson's reception for Mrs. Ferguson and Mrs. Carroll.Thursday afternoon Mrs. SwiftChamp will entertain with an auctionbridge for Mrs. James 1. Thompsonand her guest, Mrs. Carroll.Friday-Mrs. J. M. Hall will give aluncheon for Mrs. Thompson and Mrs.Carroll.Friday evening Mrs. B. A. Frank'stheatre uartv to spp Miac Rnrba ati Lexington for Mrs. Thompson andmrs. uarrou.Mrs. Nettie Hibler, who has beenquite ili is improving.Miss Lida Brown is -in Cincinnatithe guest of relatives.Mrs. Custis Tablott is quite illher home on Houston avenue.Miss Ollie Butler left last. wppItfor New iTork to resume her studiesin art.Mrs. J. M. Scott, of near this city,is the guest of Mrs. Edgar Gragg inCynthiana.jonn uuniap, tne little tour-year-oldson uf Mi. and Mrs. William Merrimee, is quite ill.Attorney Ray Mann, of Louisville,is the guest of his mother, Mrs. KateMann, on Pleasant street.--Master Jack Brennan, son gof Mr.and Mrs. J. M. Brennan, has beenquite ill for the past two weeks.Mrs. Albert Hinton leaves todayfor a two weeks' visit to her mother,Mrs. Jos. D. Peed, at Mayslick.-Mrs. M. H. Dailey entertained theSix Hand Euchre Club Thursday afternoon at her homeon Stoner avenue.Miss Lavinnis Oldham, a returnedMissionary from Japan, arrived yesterday to be the guest of Mrs. YutakaMinakuchi.Mrs. Jake Salughter has returnedCi t h 1 1 r- a in T71 yi mnntn o -Pf-r r moilto ner aaugnter, lvirs. a. j. winters,in this city.Misses Freida Heller and HelenDesha, students at State University,Lexington, spent the week end withi relatives here.Miss Martha Ferguson attended; the Tau Beta Pi fraternity dance atJ the State University at LeAingtonI Friday evening.I Mrs. Carl 0. Wilmoth has returnedj from a visit to her parents, Mr. andMrs. J. H. Shropshire, in Leesbur,, Harrison county.Mrs. Ford Brent and little son, iEdmund Wallace Brent, are visitingMrs. Brent's parents, Mr. and Mrs. KM. Wallace, in Versailles. 1Mr. John Bell, editor of theGeorgetown Times ana one of the oldest newspaper men in the "State, isquite ill at his home in that city.--Mrs. Ewuard Simms and sister,Mrs. Culbertson, of Houston, Texas,who have been the guests of Mrs. LucySimms, left Friday for their home.Messrs. Wintson Hart, DeeAshcraft. Harry Speakes and LeslieEdwards will entertain .with a danceat Elks Hall Friday evening, February9.Mr. Ed Tucker will leave tomorrow for New York where he will pur-chase his spring and summer stock ofdry goods. Mr. Tucker will be accompanied by Mrs. Tucker.Mr. Houston Henry, who has beenquite ill at this home in this city forj several weeks has recovered sufficiently to resume his duties as condcutor onthe Loujsville and Nashville railroad.mis. iTiitiaiii ivji; J.uti3 la iuice ..111 jat the home of his daughter, Mrs. !Chas. Myers, on Fifteenth street. Mr.Mclntrye is eighty-two years of ageand was formerly of Nicholas county.The young ladies of the Paris HighSchool entertained the young gentlemen students of the school with a leapyear hop in the gymnasium of theschool Friday evening from seven until ten o'clock.The Jessamine Journal says:"John J. Lynch, of Paris, was theguast of his parents, Mr. and Mrs. PatLynch, WednesoayHe is well pleasedwith his adopted home and his manyfriends will be "tglad to know he hasmade good as manager of the ParisTelephone Co."The following is taken from theEl Paso, Texas, Herald: "Mrs. C. L.Steenbergen, of Paris, Ky., will bethe guest of Mrs. Gr. W. Dennis andMrs. H. A. Bell, at the residence ofthe latter, 502 Prospect avenue, Friday afternoon from 3 until 6 o'clock,at a thimble-party. The invitationsfor the affair are handpainted, withtiny thinble bags on them. This wjllbe the first of a series of three partiesto be given by Mrs. Dennis for Mrs.Steenbergen."Miss Josephine Behrman, of Newport, bride-elect of Mr. J. W Bacon,of this eity, is being highly entertained in Newport society. The CincinnatiTimes-Star contained the following:"Mrs. Wright Youtsey entrtainedwith a luncheon and bridge party Wednesday afternoon in compliment toMiss Josephine Behrman, bride-electof Oames W. Bacon of Paris, Ky. The.affair was held at the home of her sister, Mrs. Florence Brown, East Fourthatfoat ' Thp. nmma were decoratedwith a profusion of pink and white!carnations. An elaborate luncheon jwas served at 1 o'clock and coverswere placed for twenty. This was foN !lowed by bridge and the trophies were !awjnrrled Mrs. William C. Botts. Miss ,Gussie Behrman, and special honor forthe bride-elect."Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraftientertained with a luncheon Friday 'afternoon at her home on West Second jstreet in honor of her guest, Miss 'Mary Leonard Cassell, of Lexing-ton,and Miss Winship, Of Atlanta, Ga .who is in Kentucky on a visit to Miss!Cassell. The party colors were pink iand green and were carried out in theflowers, candle shades, ices, etc. The!place cards were little Japanese ladies ;beautifully decorated in the party .nni.rq. A delicious course luncneon !was served. Those present were theo-uests of honor, Misses Cassell andWinship, Misses EuniceBower, EstellejBOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY,' FEB. 6, 1912.dds uognets, Betty Barrow, AnnaHoward, Harbison, Jane Farrell andAnna Coleman Van Meter, of Lexington ; Aleene Power. Rachel Wieerins.Mrs. Amos Turney, Jr., Mrs. JohnUavis and Mrs. Withers Davis.Mr and Mrs. Geo. Satterwliite,of Louisville, are guests of Mr. andMrs. L. B. Purnell.Petition in Circulation.Urging the passage of the bill introduced in the Lower House of the Kentucky Assembly providing for anamendment to the constitution permitting railroads of the State to purchaseand control lines of less than one hundred miles in length, a petition was incirculation here Saturday and metwith many signers. The petition wascirculated by Mr. George Rassenfcss,who conducted a thorough canvass ofthe business men of the South end ofthe city, with the result a large number of names were secured to thepetition.Mr. Woodford Spears, of the firm ofE. b Spears & SonB, was circulatinga petition numortine- to hp tn theinterests of the shinners of the citvand opposing the passage of the measure. Mr. Spears' petition was alsosigned by a liberal number of businessmen.February Court.Inclement weather was responsiblefor a very small court day crowd, andonly a few farmers were in attendance. Trade was r? ther brisk in spiteof the mttnBe cold.M. J. Murphy & Co. report about200 cattle all of which sold. The following sales are reported: Jonas Weileight 1,000 pound cattle to Mr. Shropshire at 5 1-2 cents; Jonas Weil to Mr.Feeback, ten 600 pound cattle at $25;Maurey Weil to Wood Daniels, fifteen900 pound cattle at 5 cents ; Cay wood& McClintock to Ed. Turner 20 yearlings at $33; O. S. Johnson to Mr. Foeback, six 600 pound cattle at $25. Nosheep or hogs were offered.About twenty-five head of mules onthe market all of which sold, pricesranging from $150 to $200, the demandbeing fair. John Rose sold three toBeard & Mann lor $700 : Clark & McClintock to Asa Jewell, 2 for $375;Tom Nichols to Thos. McClintock, 2tor $350; Bert McClintock to Chas.Thompson, 4 for $700; Sprake Bros, toBeard & Mann 2 for S?15; John Grayto Chas. Thompson 2 for $:.10; Stuart& O'Brien to Dunlap Bros., one pairmules for $465.mmraai WJtetYen Want,BROWN'S g LITTLE TABLETSCures Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Heartburn50C PACKAGEPublic-OFDESIRABLEUB URBAN HOMEOn Thursday, Feb. 29, 1912,at 1 o'clock, p. m.I will sell at public auction on thepremises in East Paris, at 256 Mainstreet, my home place, consisting ofabout ten acres of land, with all necessary improvements thereon, a largetwo story brick house with nine roomsand halls, porches; large cellars, Lathroom, hot and cold water upstairs anddown, electric lights and fixtures, meathouse, chicken houses, buggy andcarriage house, cistern, etc.TERMS Made known on day of sale.Prospective purchasers are invitedto call and inspect the premises.At the same time and place will alsosell publicly one Holladay buggy, onebarouche and a lot of household furniture. MRS. SALLIE C. McMILLAN,Paris, Ky.Cottage For Rent. 'Four room cottage on East Fourth jstreet, near Power Grocery Co., newly Jcapered and cleaned $12.50 per month.ANNA S. HUTCHCRAFT,6 3t Home Phone 254.. FOR RENT.Three room house for. rent in Shawhan. WM. G. KELLY.THE FAIR!On Friday NextWe will have on Special Salethe following articles:7-foot Window Shades, 42-inchwide, heavy rollers and a firstclass, shade, 4V)c.Nos. 1 and 2 wick, 2 yards f or5 cents.Egg whips, lc each.Dish mop holders, 2 for 5c.Crepe paper, slightly soiled, 2for 5 cents.Puritan Metal Polish 10c.Musical baby chimes, willamuse the little ones, 5c....THE FAIR...SaleNo Grounds For Report.It was reported here yesterday thatan explosion of dynamite ocurred "atthe railroad camp in LShawhan this,county injured several Italian laborers.An investigation of the rumor revealed the fact that the report was' without foundation.FOUND.Monogram gold link cuff button onMain street. Owner can get same bycalling at this office proving propertyand paying charges.ELECTRICFASH LIGHTS!Several Styles85c fco $1.50Also Batteries and Supplies.a&aucjherfij Bros, i? 111 FEETS"J. T. HINTONTHE HOME OUTFITTER.x"OTJLWHAT BLANKETSI have left at cost, and I have not many. Among theseare some EXTRA GOOD All-Wool. I am also offeringCOMFORTS at greatly reduced prices.ISpring Novelties.We have ready for your inspection the followingnovelties in their severcl lines that are moving rapidly, and why not you have some of them?White wash Bedford Cords and Piques.White Cotton Voiles in checks, stripes, etc.White and Colored Embroidered Mulls and Crepes.Tissue Voiles, colors in novelty patterns.Domestic and Foreign Ginghams.Surah Jacquards.Bordered Mulls.Embroidered Laces, White Goods, &c.Come let us show you. ; 'ALWAYS THE NILW. EdiAgent Butterwick PatternsIFee's CashSpecial Today,National Oats.2 Packages For-BuyHINTONITucker?Specials,mmmmTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB. 6 1912.faST0CKJCR0P AND FARM NOTEBe HHappy the girl, or woman, who has never suffered fromany of the diseases of womanhood! Or, if she has been asufferer, happy is she if she has learned of the wonderfulbenefits of Cardui, the woman's tonic!Cardui is a gentle, tonic remedy, for women's ailments.It is a natural medicine safe, harmless, purely vegetable.It has been in successful use for more than 50 years. Ithas cured thousands. It should do the same for you.TAKECarduiThMrs. Mary Neely, of Denver, Tenn., says, "I thinkthere is no tonic on earth, as good as Cardui. I used itwith the very best results. I had backache and nearlyeverything a woman could suffer with, until I took Cardui.Now, I feel better than I have for two years. I shallalways recommend Cardui to other suffering women. Ican't praise it too highly. As a medicine for weak, tired,worn-out women, Cardui is safe and reliable. Try it, today.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept., Chattanooea Medicine Co., Chattanooea. Tenn.tor Special Instructions, and 64-page book, "Home Treatment for Women," sentfree. J 56Low Round TripRATES.Homeseekers' FaresTo points in Arizona, Arkansas,Louisana, Missouri, 'New Mexico,Oklahoma, Texas, Kansas, Nebraska,Montana, Michigan, Wisconsin,15 Alabama, Florida and Mississippi. Tickels on sale first and third Tuesdays ofeach month with final return limit 253ays from date of sale except to destinations in Florida, final limit will be12 days from date of sale. Liberalstopovers allowed in homeseeter territory. We also have on sale daily untilApril 30, 1912, with final return limitsMay 31, 1912 Winter Tourist tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida, Georgia,JLouisana, New Meixco and Texas,with liberal stopovers allowed.For further information, call on orTmteW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.IK"We tell you how, and pay best marketprices. Ve are dealers; established;u 18CC; and can do BE I TER for youthan agents or commission merchants. References any bank in Louisville. Write for vree'kly price list.M. SAEEL & SONS227-23-31 &33 E Market S LOUISVILLE KV.Dealers in FURS, HIDES, WOOL.FOR SALE PRIVATELY.Eight room frame residence and lotfronting seventy feet and ten incheson H'ggins avenue, and two hundredand eight feet deep ; bath room, newroof, gas leading to house; large garden and good cistern.WM. A. GRIMES,E. T. phone 45 or 364.23 tf Paris, Ky.SB 5TWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentWe Arc Showing for Fall and Winter StrictlyAll-Wool Worsted, Hand-Tailored, Suits at $1 0.00f Handsome new Brown and Grey Worsteds and Cassimeresin the newest models, hand-tailored Suits, worth easily $20,our Special 15.Overcoats in every new cut and weave, prices range from7.50, $10, $12.50, $15, $18 and 20.We have taken the sale agency for the celebrated EmersonShoe, Brockton, Mass. This is the classiest 1 and $5 men'sShoe made.Also the French Shrine hand-made Shoes at 14.The reliable Douglas Shoes 2.50, $3, $3.50.Those rough, fuzzy hairy Hats, 2, 2.50, $3.Full line of Hawes Van Gal $3 Shoes. 'Monarch and Lair, best $1 Shirts made.Chutt's 1.50 and $2 Shirts, new patterns.Lion Brand slip-easy Collars, 2 for 25c.Full line of Trunks, Suit Cases and Hand-bags.iLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe DepartmentArthur Talbott, of Cynthiana, soldlast week his home in Bourbon countto Arthur Hicks. The price was private. At the sale of Arnold Sams, executor of G. W. Burch in Claik countjlast week corn in the crib sold at $4.10per barrel.Cunningham & Mitchell tree, cfRuddles Mills, sold to Louis Mussinor,of Paris, their crop of 6,100 nounds oftobacco at 6 and 4 cents delivered.The Scott county fair will be heldduring the last week of July. As isusual the fair will be run under theauspices of the Georgetown Lodge ofElks.The tobacco crop of Simpson county, except the association crop, ispractically all contracted for and thegreater portion of it has been delivered to the local buyers.. J. W. Clarke, of Montgomerycounty, sold recently to Clifton Gillispie of Bourbon county, his farm of41 acres in the Little Rock neighborhood, for 53,500.Mr: Robert Forsyth, of Merecercounty lost by death last week, a veryfine jack. The animal was valued at$2,000, and a week before his deathMr. Forsyth had priced him to an Indiana man for that amount.Mt. Sterling Gazette: "TilfordBowen recently bought of WalterWright 51 acres of land with imporvements, near Levee, known as theJames Kennedy farm, for $1,200 andhas since sold the place to Joe Hainline for a small profit."J. B. Pharis, of Clark county soldSaturday to Thomas May, of Robinsoncreek, pike county, at $180 per acre.The tract is situated on the WadesMill road about four miles from Winchester. Mr. May will take posessionMarch 1.The total receipts of live stock onthe Chicago market for week endingJanuary 27 were b6,004 cattle, 213.062hogs and 84,309 sheen. Th.s week'sreceipts compared with the previousweek in round numbers increased11,600 cattle, 34,700 hogs and decreased 27,300 sheep. Compared with thecorresnondiner week a vear atzo cattleincreased 2,600, hogs 63,900, and sheep1,100.Woman's "Serfdom."A half-grown man is, of course, atyrant. And so it has come aboutthat the rule of man in the world hasfor many ages meant the serfdom ofwoman. Edward Carpenter.How's This?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of catarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.F. J. CENEY & CO., Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney for the last 15 years andbelieve him perfectly honorable in allbusiness transactions an financiallyable to carry out any obligationsmade by his firm.Waiding, Kinnan & Marvin,Wholesale Druggists. Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Price 75c perbottle. Sold by all druggists.Teke Hall's Family Pills for constipation. Pardoned to Support Children.Fred White.of Breathitt county, waspardoned Friday that he may earn aliving for his thirteen children.White was convicted in Breathittcounty of confederating and killinglive stock. He has served all but twomonths of his one year sentence andthe Governor says there are circumstances which show that he has beenpunished enough. He has thirteenchilaien, one of whom has been bornsince he was sent t3 the penitentiary.He was set free that he may go backto Bieathitt county and support hislarge family. The petition for hispardon was signed by six of the jurorswho convicted him.Kill More Than Wild Beasts.The number of people killed yearlyby wild beasts don't approach thevast number killed by disease germs.No life is safe from their attacks.They're in air, water, dust, even foodBut gra ad protection is afforded byElectric Bitters, which destroy and expel these deadly disease germs fromthe system. That's why chills, feveraud ague, all malarial and many blooddiseases yield promptly to this wonderful blood purifier. Try them andenjoy the glorious health and newstrength they'll give you. Money backf not satisfied. 25c at Oberdorfer's.umy a uay ana iwgni to ew urieaiisLOUISVILLE AND NASHVILLE RAILROADWhat it Will Cost You to SeeMondayFebruary 19Arrival ofREX2:00 p. m., andProteus Paradeat night.MardiGrasThe Two Big Days, February 19-20,New Orleans$19.80Mobile$17.90Pensacola$20.60TuesdayFebruary 20Parade ofREX10:00 a in., andComus Paradeat night.ROUND TRIP FROM PARISTickets on Sale Daily February 13 to 19, inclusive.Sleeping Car Pare $4.00 to $4.50 Each Way.Liberal Stop-Overs-Limit On Tickets March 1 8.TO APPROXIMATE TOTAL COST for the round-trip, estimate for five days board andv lodging at $1 per day in best private homes or $2 per day at first-class hotels to whichadd the above railroad and Pullman fares. For sleeping car reservation applyto any ticket agent Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company.See Descriptive Booklet.Bovrbon Garage & Supply Co.Paris, KentuckyFARMING IMPLEMENTSOF ALL KINDSAUTOMOBILESBourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sreets,Paris, KentuckyDR. DOLLE'SSANITARIUMMEN CURED AT SMALL COST,Difficult Surgical Operations Performed WithSkill and Success, When Surgery Is Necessary i.ALL DISEASES OF MENPll PQ PERMANENT CURErIi-tO Positively GuaranteedVARICOCELEtWWI'b.'o'JminTitnr striatum ir,iElUr I UfIL Cured by Improved Methodsand RESTORATIVE Treatment In Loss of Vital PowerUYnRflPEI C CURED In a Few Days. dII I UIIUUELC Special Treatment Free Information.Don't give up hope until you have seen old Dr.Dolle! He will pive you FREE a thorough examination, and will tell you the Truth, 4Consultation Free and confidential at office orby letter. Twenty Year experience. Trainedattendants. Best of care. 62 p. Book on Men'sDiseases Free, upon receipt of 4 cts. for postage,paving much valuable information. Call at downtown office or write to (MP I mil I C 625 WALNUT STREET,Oi Li UULLt CINCINNATI. O.To My Friends and HomePeople:I have started a Magazine andNewspaper Agency. Lowestprices on all Magazines in circulation. I ask for your ordersand help in getting them fromyour friends.Sincerely,Mrs. Rosa V. Wallingford.STILL AT IT!January Clearance SalIn Dry Goods, Cloaks, Suits,Furs and MillineryNow Going On.Come InWonderfuI BargainsIn AH DepartmentsTWIN BROS.Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyPoor Attendance.It is seldom that a man who hasnothing but himself to talk about succeeds in drawing a big audience.At the Lexington Opera House.MONTGOMERY AND STONE IN"THE OLD TOWN."It is pardonable to assume that notsince the visit of Bernhardt has anyannouncement been received with somuch pleasurable anticipation thanthat of the coming of Montgomery andStone in one of their greatest musicalcomedy successes "The Old Town,"which is underlined for production atthe Lexington Opera House, matineeand night, February 7.Montgomery and Stone are makingtheir first Southern tour. Not sincethey have achieved fame and fortunehave they ever left the precinct otthat popularity which has been solelyconfined to the largest of the Easterncities where in many instance theyhave remained a whole year at a time,and that in but one piece. The demandfor their appearance in the far Westand the North and South has been soimperative that Montgomery and Stonehave at last said good-bye to their constituency and have sallied forth to!make new friends and conquer i newterritory, and so it goes that the originals of "The Wizard of Oz" and "TheRed Mill" and kindred successes finithemselves in our midst for the firsttime. In "The Old Town" it is saidthat Montgomery and iStone have a !worthy successor to their former ere- Jatiens. The two grotesque comediansappear as a couple of youths who runoff and ar stranded with a country circus. Their vicissitudes reaching homeagain furnish the nucleus of a most,amusing story. "The Old Town" has tspent practically all time in Mr. Dil-jlingham's Globe Theatre. New York, iand his Studebaker Theatre, Chicago, 'with a few visits to the mor importantpoints. We are promised the same,beautiful production and the same notable cast remarked during the metropolitan engagements together withthe Old Town Pony Ballet which hasconsiderable reputation as a marvelousdancing octette of picturesque cleverness. Some eighty-Eve people cornprise the numerical strength of theparty necessitating special, trains fortheir conveyance. . .rlMiM114 9 Iluarguien s.The Best ofHome-KilledMeats,Bacon, Lard, Ham,IjBeef, Pork, Etc.Courier JournalFor 1912Margolen,L Paris, Ky. 1You can not keep posted on current political events unless youread theCourier-Journal,(Louisville, Ky. Henry Watterson, Editor)This Presidential Year.The Tariff will be the issue andthe battle will be a hard foughtone. You can getDaily Courier Journal(Excepting Sunday Issue) andThe Bourbon NewsBoth One Year For $5.00.This offer only holds good untilFebruary 29.To get advantage of this cut rate,orders must be sent us, not theCourier-Journal.NEW ORLEANSMOBILEARDIGRASSPECIAL REDUCED FARESTicKets on salt February 13, S4, 15, 16, 17, 18 asd 19Good Itturming matil Marck 2, 1912, with Frlviltg'e of IxttnsioaSTOP OVERS AT ALL PRINCIPAL POINTSFOB FULL PARTICULARS, CALL ON AKY TIGKET AGENT, OR WRITEH. C. KING, W. A. BECKLER,-Passenger and Ticket Agent, General Passenger Agent,Phoae 49. 101 E. Main Street, Lexington, Ky. Iagaik BuiMiat, Cincinnati, 6)THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB. 6, 1912The Poolof FlameByLOUIS JOSEPH VANCEIUutratisms by Etlsvrortk YobbCopyright 1909, by Louis Joseph VanceSYNOPSIS.CHAPTER I. The story opens atMonte Carlo with Col. Terence O'RourkeIn his hotel. O'Rourke, a military freelance and something of a gambler, isdressing for appearance in the restaurantbelow when the sound of a girlish voice-Jnging attracts his attention. Leaningnut on the balcony he sees a beautifulirl who suddenly disappears. He rushesto the corridor to see a neatlv gowned'orm enter the elevator and pass fromsight.CHAPTER II. O'Rourke's mind isHied with thoughts of the girl, and whengoes to the gaming table he allows hisrunarkable winnings to accumulate indifferently. He notices two men watching him. One is the Hon. Bertie Glynn,-hile his companion is Viscount DesTrebes, a noted duelist. When O'Rourkeleaves the table the viscount tells him herepresents the French government andthat he has been directed to O'Rourke asa man who would undertake a secretCHAPTER III. At his room O'Rourke,who had agreed to undertake the mission,awaits the viscount. O'Rourke finds amysterious letter in his apartment. Theviscount arrives, hands a sealed packageto O'Rourke, who is not to open it untilon the ocean. He says the French government will pay O'Rourke 25,000 francsfor his services. A pair of dainty slippers are seen protruding from under adoorway curtain and the viscount chargesO'Rourke with having a spy secretedthere.CHAPTER IV. When the Irishmangoes to his room he finds there the owner of the mysterious feet. It is his wife,Beatrix, from whom he had run away ayear previous. They are reconciled, andopening the letter he had received, hefinds that a law firm in Rangoon. India,offers him 100,000 pounds for an Indian.iewel known as the Pool of Flame andleft to him by a dying friend. O'Rourketells his wife that it is in the keepingof a friend named Chambret in Algeria.CHAPTER V. O'Rourke is forced tofight a duel with the viscount. The braggart nobleman is worsted in the combatand acts tho poltroon.CHAPTER VI. The loyal wife bidsO'Rourke farewell and he promises toBoon return with the reward offered forthe Pool of Flame. He discovers bothGlynn and the 'viscount on board thoship which takes him to Algeria.CHAPTER VII. Chambret has left Algeria and O'Rourke has to gain a military detachment going across the desertto reach his friend. As he finds the latterthere is an attack by bandits andChambret is shot.CHAPTER VIII. Chambret dies tellini:O'Rourke that he has left the Pool ofFlame with the governor general of Algeria. He gives the colonel a signet ringat the sight of which he says the official:wlll deliver over the jewel.. . IC W A PTRR TV rVRmiT-lro toby Glynn and the viscount who ransackconflict?' 'CHAPTER X.-When he arrives at Al-Igeria the Irishman finds the governorgeneral away. He receives a note from.Des Trebes making a mysterious appoint-ment.CHAPTER XT. The viscounttells!O'Rourke that he has gained possessionof the jewel by stealing It from the safeof the governor general. He does not,"however, know who has offered the reward for it. He suggests a duel withrapiers, the victor to get that Informationand the jewel.CHAPTER XIII. The efforts ofO'Rourke are now directed towrard speedily getting to Rangoon with the jeweland he starts by ship.CHAPTER XIV. He finds the captainof the vessel to be a smuggler Who triesto steal the jewel from him.CHAPTER XV. The jewel is finally secured by the ship's captain and O'RourkeCHAPTER XVI. With the aid of oneDanny and his sweetheart, O'Rourke recovers the Pool of Flame.CHAPTER XVII. O'Rourke againforms his plans to pursue his journey toRangoon.CHAPTER XVIII. On board ship oncemore a mysterious lady appears who puzzles and interests the Irishman.CHAPTER XIX. O'Rourke comes upon a lascar about to attack the lady,who is a Mrs. Prynne. He kicks theman Into the hold.Tne lascar stepped back, witn a single wriggle losing himself in the denseshadows.O'Rourke fairly gasped amazementat the woman, who, on her part, retreated slowly until her back touchedthe railing. She remained very quietand thoroughly mistress of herself, betraying agitation only by slightlyquickened breathing and cold pallor.Her eyes racked the deck on eitherhand: it was plain that she had nofaith in the lascar, perhaps apprehended his return; yet her splendid control of her nerves evoked the Irishman open admiration."Faith!" he cried, breaking thetense silence, "'tis yourself shamesme, madam, with the courage of ye!"She flashed him a glance, andlaughed slightly. "Thank you," shereturned. "I'm sure I don't knowwhere I should be now but for you.""'Twas nothing at all. But ye'llpardon me for suggesting that yehave made a mistake, madam.""A mistake?" she echoed; and then,thoughtfully: "No, I shouldn't call itthat.""Letting him go, I mean. Neitherof us, I believe, could well identifyhim. When ye report this outrage tothe captain, whom will ye accuse?""I shall accuse no one," she saidquietly, "for I shan't report the affair." "Ye will not" he cried, astounded."Indeed, I am quite sincere: I shalldo nothing whatever about it It is,moreover, a favor which I shall askof you, to say nothing of the matterto anyone."O'Rourke hesitated, unwilling to believe that he had heard aright."Believe., me." jshe was savinc earn-estly, SI have good reason for making a request so unaccountable toyou.""Butbut- Mrs. Prynne !""Oh, you know me then?" she interrupted sharply. And her look wascurious and intent."I 'tis faith!" O'Rourke stammered. He felt his face burn. "Me valettold me," he confessed miserably." 'Tis a bit of flirtation he's been having with your maid, Cecile, I believe,madam.""Ah, yes." She seemed unaccountaby relieved. "You, then, are ColonelO'Rourke?"He bowed. "Terence O'Rourke,madam, and at your service, believeme.""I am very glad," she said slowly,eyeing him deliberately, "that, sinceI had to be aided, it came through oneof whom I have heard so much""Faith, Mrs. Prynne!""And I thank you a second time,very heartily!" She offered him herhand, and smiled bewitchingly."'Tis embarrassing me ye are," heprotested. "Faith, to be thankedtwice for so slight a service! I canonly wish that I might do more ""It is possible," she said, apparently not in the least displeased by hispresumption "It is possible that Imay take you at your word, ColonelO'Rourke."In her eyes, intent upon his, hefancied that he recognized an amusedflicker, with, perhaps, a trace of deeper emotion: the kindling interest of awoman in a strong man, with whosesignals he was not unfamiliar. Prideand his conceit stirred in his breast." 'Twould be the delight of me life,"he told her in an ecstasy."Don't be too sure, I warn you,colonel." Her manner was now arch,her smile entirely charming. "It mightbe no light service I should require ofyou.""Ye couldn't ask one too heavy. .. . But 'tis weary ye are, Mrs.Prynne?" he inquired, solicitous."Very." There was in fact an indefinite modulation of weariness Inher voice. "I'm only a woman," shesaid faintly, with a little gesture ofdeprecation; "and my ways are hedgedabout with grave perils "" 'Tis the O'Rourke would gladlybrave them all for ye, madam," he declared gallantly. "Command mewhat ye will."She lifted her gaze to his, coloringdivinely there in the moon-glamor. Helooked into her curiously bewitchingeyes and saw there an appeal and astrange little tender smile. Her headwas so near his shoulder that he wasaware of the vague, alluring perfumeof her hair. Her scarlet lips parted .. . And he became suddenly awarethat it behooved him to hold himselfwell in hand. It were an easy matter to imagine himself swept off hisfeet, into a whirl of infatuation, witha little encouragement. And he wasnot unsophisticated enough to fail tosee that encouragement would not belacking if he chose to recognize it."Faith," he told himself, "I'm think-inS 'twould be wiser for me to taketo me heels and run before . . ."ttp wa? tpA tv,p io-nnmininin; up.ae was sParen ine ignominious necessity of flight. In two breaths theyshowed two very different pictures.Now they stood alone on the deadwhite deck, alone with the night, thesea, the stars, the silence and themoonlight: O'Rourke a bit dismayedand wary, but as curious as any manin such a case; the woman apparently yielding to a sudden fascination forhim, swaying a little toward him asif inviting the refuge of his arms. .. . And now she started away,clutching at her heart, with a littlechoking cry of alarm; while beneaththem the vessel was still quiveringwith a harsh yet deadened detonationlike an explosion, together with agrinding crash and shriek of rivensteel somewhere deep in the hold.Inexpressibly dismayed, they staredwith wide and questioning eyes at oneanother, through a long minute filledwith an indescribable uproar: a succession of shocks and thumps in the interior of the vessel gradually diminishing in severity while, in a pandemonium of clamorous voices, the liner,like a stricken thing, hesitated in itssouthward surge, then slowly limpedinto a dead halt on the face of thewaters. . . .CHAPTER XX.O'Rourke's first fears were for thewoman, his first words a lie designedto reassure her."What what does it mean?" shegasped faintly, her face as white asmarble, her eyes wide and terrified."Sure, I'm thinking 'tis nothing atall," he answered readily, with a smileamending, "nothing of any great consequence, that is to say. Permit me toescort ye to your cabin.""I'm not afraid," Mrs. Prynne interjected. "Faith, I see that, madam. But yourmaid, now ? Would it not be wellto return to your stateroom and quiether, whilst I'm ascertaining the causeof this trouble? I promise to adviseye instantly, whether there's dangeror not.""You're very thoughtful," she returned. "I'm sure you're right. Thankyou."He escorted her to her stateroomand left her at the door, remarking itsnumber and renewing his pledge toreturn in ten minutes more speedilyif possible. He was back in five, witha long face.Mrs. Prynne answered instantly hisdouble-knocked summons and, step:ping out quickly, closed the door tightIn the fraction of a second that it waswide, however, O'Rourke saw one sideof the stateroom warm and brightWith electric light', and sitting there,Cecile the maid. . completely dressed.wiae awaxe and vigilant. The girl wasFrench and sullenly handsome afterher kind. O'Rourke got an impressionof a resolute chin and resolute eyesKm-mm"You DonTt Mean to SayWhispered. Heunder level brows; and he did not inthe least doubt that she was quite prepared to make good and effectual useof the revolver which she held pointeddirectly at the opening.Why?From her mistress' poise, too onearm rigid at her side, the hand concealed in the folds of her gownO'Rourke divined that she was alert,armed, on her guard no less than themaid. But she left him no time topuzzle over the mystery."Well?" she demanded breathlessly."'Tis as I thought, Mrs. Prynne. Acylinder-head has blown off and doneno end of damage. We're crippled, ifin no danger. The other screw willtake us far as Aden, but there we'llhave to wait for tho next boat."Mrs. Prynne's face clouded with dismay. "How long a day or two?" shedemanded."Mayhap," he replied, no less disconsolate; "mayhap as much as aweek. Faith, 'tis meself that would itwere otherwise, but I fear there's nomending matters.""She regarded him thoughtfully foran instant."Then you, too, travel in haste, colonel?" "Indeed I do so, madam. Me fortune hangs upon me haste. If I getthere" he checked himself in time,the word Rangoon upon his lips "toolate, 'twill be all up. I'm heavy withan urgent enterprise, madam." Andhe smiled.The woman looked past him, downthe dusk of the gangway, apparentlypondering her dilemma. "What willyou do?" she inquired at length."Faith!" he said, disturbed, "that'shard to say."She flashed him an 'ironic look.'"You mean you are resigned to the inevitable?" "Be the powers!" he cried in resentment, "I'm resigned to nothingthat doesn't please me. Is it that yeask me aid? Sure, if ye do, neitherthe inevitable nor the impossible shallkeep ye from arriving at Bombay, andon time!"Her spirit, through her eyes, answered his in a flash. Then cooling,she looked him over from crown totie, weighing him deliberately in thebalance of her knowledge of men.He bore the inspection with equanimity, quite sure of himself, as was natural in the O'Rourke. Provoked, puton his mettle, he felt himself invincible, and showed it in every line ofhis pose. She could not have waveredlong; indeed, her decision was quitemanifest. Impulsively she caught histwo hands in her own."Yes," she cried, "I do believe you!I take you at your word your generous word, Colonel O'Rourke! I willtrust implicitly in you. You shall getme to Bombay by the fifteenth.""The fifteenth?" he echoed thoughtfully. "This is the tenth.""The Panjnab is scheduled to arrive on the fifteenth. All my plansdepend upon there being no delays.""Five days! ... It shall bemanaged, Mrs. Prynne. Bombay bythe fifteenth it shall be, or theO'Rourke will have broken his heart!"She grew thoughtful. "You are verygood I've told you that. I believethat you will accomplish what youpromise. Yet it seems hardly fair tosaddle you with my cares, my perils,without informing you of their nature" "Madam, 'tis not the O'Rourke whowould ever be prying into your secrets. Let's not complicate a simplesituation with explanations.""But, colonel, there is one thingmore." He paused. "It is a question,"she continued, "of chartering a shipat Aden, is it not?""I see no other way.""Then spare no expense, ColonelO'Rourke. Remember that I foot thebill.""But er ""Or, if you insist, sir, I pay nothing:Great Britain pays for both of us.""Eh? Yes?" he stammered."But see, colonel."He had before then noted indifferently that she wore a chain of thin,fine gold about her neck, its terminationpresumably a locket of somesort hidden in the folds of her corsage. Now she quietly pulled thisforth, and displayed her pendant, alittle trinket of gold, a running greyhound exquisitely modeled.Stunned, he stared first at the top,then at the woman. "Ye mean to' say?" he whispered, doubting."On the King's service, ColonelO'Rourke!" . ' ."A King's courier, madam? Youa woman!""And why not?" she demandedproudly. "The King's messengers daremany dangers, it's true. But in someof them might not a woman serve better than a man?""True enough. Yet 'tis unprecedented at least, ye'll admit, most unusual. I begin to understand. Thatlascar, for instance ?""Believe me, Colonel O'Rourke, I'mat liberty to tell you nothing.""Tell me this, at least: would yeknow him if ye saw him again?""Truthfully," she said, looking himin the eye, "I would not. I will sayone other word: I had anticipated hisattack, although I had never seen himbefore.""Faith, 'tis yourself that has yourcourage with ye, Mrs. Prynne! . . .But good night, madam! Your servant!" "Good night, colonel," she said softly,and as she watched him swing awaylaughed lightly and strangely. Later,still standing outside her door, shesighed, and an odd light glowed deepin her eyes of grayish-green. Sighingagain, and with another low laughthat rang a thought derisive, asthough she were flouting the manwhose service she accepted so gladly,she turned and vanished within herstateroom.As she did so, the opposite doorthat of an inside stateroom on thesame gangway was opened cautiously. A turbaned head peered out, itseyes glancing swiftly up and down thecorridor. Long since, however, theexcited passengers had been reassured and had returned to their berths;the coast was clear.The lascar stepped noiselessly out,shut the door without a sound, andsped swiftly forward: a long, brownman with an impassive cast of countenance in which his eyes shone witha curious light.As he swung into the space at thefoot of the saloon companionway, hecollided violently with an undersizedand excessively red-headed Irishman,nearly upsetting the latter, to saynothing of a glass of brandy-and-sodawhich he was conveying to a certainstateroom."Phwat the divvle, ye domned naygur! Pwhy d'ye not look where ye'regoing?" demanded Danny with someheat.The East Indian backed away, bowed profoundy, mumbling something inarticulate, and sprang up the steps.Danny looked after him, for a momenthesitant, then put down the tray andpursued. He caught the flicker of thelascar's cummerbund as the latter escaped to the deck, and himself arrivedat the forward end of the promenadejust in time to see a white shape disappear into the steerage companionway. "I'd take me oath," said Danny re-,flectively, "thot he's the naygur thotcame aboard at Suez. 'Tis meselfthot wishes I'd had a betther peep atthe ugly mug av him. I'm thinkingI'd betther be after tellin' himself."CHAPTER XXI.Lurching drunkenly into the harborknown locally as Aden Back Bay, thePanjnab came to anchor.O'Rourke, from the lower grating ofthe steamship's accommodation ladder, signaled to one of the swarm ofhovering dinghys, and waiting for it tocome in, reviewed the anchored shipping, gathered transiently together inthat spot from the four corners of theearth, and shook his head desponding-ly.A yellow-haired Somali boatmanshot his little craft in to the grating.O'Rourks dropped upon the stern-seatand took the tiller. "Post Office pier,"he said curtly. The dinghy shot awaywith dipping, dripping oars, while theIrishman continued to search amongthe vessels for anything that seemedto promise the speed necessary for hispurpose, and failed to discover one." 'Tis hopeless," he conceded bitterly as the boat wove a serpentine wakein and out among the heaving bulks."And, I'm thinking, 'tis the O'Rourkewho will presently be slinking back toconfess he bragged beyond his powers. The fool that ye are, Terence,with your big words and your finepromises, all empty as your purse!'Tis out of patience I am with ye entirely!" Doubtless he made the very pictureof unhappiness.So, at least, seemed to think a manlounging in a dilapidated canvas deckchair beneath a dirty awning in thestern of a distant tramp steamer;who, raking the shoreward-bound witha pair of rusty binoculars, had chancedto focus upon O'Rourke.f Continued in our N extSaws Without Teeth.The development of circular disksof iron, turning with great velocity,but possessing no teeth on the edge,for sawing material, is common Inmany workshops.Morality and Business.If morality in business leads tobankruptcy, it ceases to be morality.Never Let Him Forget It.The man who owes all to his wife isnot going to be permitted to forget itthis side of the main entrance to thecemetery in which the family lot issituated. Houston PostWriter's Mean Remark.. It is a mistake to suppose that women are always talking about, theirrdresses. Sometimes they are talkingabout 'their hats. Exchange. ,IMS I-SHOEi ii p m ftA4Our new Fall line in all leathersPatent Colt, Russia Calf and Gun1 Metal, now readyGeo, M'WIlamsf JOIN THE JUNIOR ORDER! United AmericanMechanThe Only StrictJy American Organization Known toHistory. None But American Born Admitted.Br.itiation Fee For the Next30 Days $3.25Each member carries $250 insurance with his membership; $3 per week sick benefits.Dues 10c per week.In addition to this, member can carry from $500 to$3,000, graded, according- to age at entrance. A man at30 years of age can carry $3,000 for $2.25 per month or$27 per year. Policy in force immediately after approved.Should member die next day full face of policy is paid.The organization has paid $5,217,871.62 in the pasteleven years in sick and death benefits. Has a surplus of$284,174.01. For further information call on or address,J. D. HUNTER,107 East Tenth Street, Paris, Ky.L. 6c N. TIME-TAEBLIN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.: Trains ArriveFROMAtlanta, Ga.. Daily . 5.21 am.Lexington, Ky., Daily 4.34amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , . . . . . 7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 amCincinnati, O., Dtfily 9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 amLexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily , 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pmKnoxville,Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pm.Maysville, Ky., Daily 5.25 pmCincinnati, O.. Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pmLexington, Ky., Daily -..6,03 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.03 amJacksonville, Fla., Daily 6 05 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 10.45 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmtfo.34134297104037312332625913838539308321431Trains ID e -partNo. TO - .84 Cincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . .5.35 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily' Except Sunday 8.20 arc10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 am33 Jacksonville, Fla. , Daily ... V y 10.24 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily ' 10.27 am6 Maysville, K., Daily .12.05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.34 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.4o pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.52 pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.57 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.10 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ; 6.15 pm13 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6.15 Dm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.25 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.55 pm13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57 pmIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911. Wc;x. Trains Arrive;No. FROM ........2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda v t .8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday :.. 3.40 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Dailv Except Sunday 5.50 pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only ...10.00 pmTrains 3De;partT0161 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only 7.10 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday ......7.43 am1 Frankfort, Ky.", Daily Except Sunday :.i...tJ...9.53.am.3 .Frankfort, Ky, Daily Except Sunday..,. ...... ... 5.52 amFor 33 yearsNettleton Shoeshave stood for trueeconomy to the manof moderate meant;and to the man ofwealth, the best thatmoney could buy. Weare sole agents forParis.ifor inspection.I6STHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB. 6 1912.SALEThe Manufacturers Who Consigned Us TheirOverproduction of this Season's FootwearDemand Prompt MMWe have, therefore, re-marked these goods at pricesthat must hasten their removal. You who haveattended the greatFactory Clearancewere delighted at the extraordinary values, but youwho will take advantage of this great value givingevent to-morrow will be astonished and amazed atsuch great price concessions. Now is the time tolay in a supply of footwear for future as well aspresent needs.One Lot Ladies' $1 .75 andGun Metal and Kid, buttonSale PriceLadies' $1 .25 Congress Slippers, madeof soft Kid, tip or plain toe, Sale PriceLadies' 60c Storm Rubbers 2&C5feSale Price..One Lot of Ladies' $2.50 and $2.75 values includessome of the latest style 1 6-ButtonBoots, .in Gun Metal andReduced toOne Lot Ladies' new style 16-Button Boots, madein Tan, Gun Metal, Patent Colt and 9 VI OkVelvet, $3.50 value, Reduced to WAhTWMisses' $2 and $2.25 values in Patent Colt, GunMetal, aud Kid, button and lace, Jk OkReduced to 9 I HHw1 50 pairs Misses' $1 .25 to $1.75 QQAvalues, at CGrown Girls' high 1 6-Button Boots Patent and GunMetal, school heels, $2.50 values, L CJCIReduced to 9 IBoys' and Youths' Box Calf Shoes, allsizes, 1 1-2 to 5 1-2, Sale PriceOne Lot Boys' $2.00 Box Calf Shoes, some oddsizes, high cuts included, 4 JkSale Price 9 IOne Lot Infant's Soft Soles, 25c value, at 9cMisses' Storm Rubbers, at 39cOne Lot Men's Tan and Black, heavyHigh Cuts, $3 value, Reduced to 9 I wOne Lot Men's $2 and $2.50 Shoes, M Qbroken sizes, Reduced to mtS9One Lot Men's Patent and Gun Metal Shoes,$4.00 values, QQReduced to 9 mm ?7 WOne Lot Men's 3-Buckle All -Arctics, $3.50 value, atOnk Lot Men's Cloth BuckleArctics, atOne Lot Men's Patent $4Over Shoes, Reduced toI One Lot Men's Patent Shoes, broken sizes, QQC$2.00 to $3.00 values, at 3 vDA IN COHEN,1 336 Main St., Paris, Ky.': " Egyptians Great F!h Eatrt.; In the inte6tin.es of mummies of3,000 to 4,000 B. C. have been found'vegetable fibers, grain, hones andscales of fishes, and bones and teethof rodents. Several Nile fishes wereidentified. One woman had eaten 20different kinds of fish just before herdeath and a child had taken a dose ofmice, an old remedy for tbildren's disease. -'71$2 values in Patent Colt,and lace, fiCfePatent, Qk9 1I99cRubber tfr - QQWalk - A QOi I C7INatural Stimulant.Following Is from "As It Is," by M.J. Rodermund, M. D.: "If you arevery tired, but must perform a fewmore hours of hard work, lie down,close your eyes, and breathe deeplyand a little faster than normal forhalfand hour, and see how refreshed andclear your brain will be and how refreshed the body feels, and how easily;you can finish your work."99MILLERSBURG ITEMS.Dr. H.D. Burroughs is quite ili withthe grip.Mr. J. P. Sanford continues in acritical condition.Mr. J. 3. Cray was in Carlisle yesterday on business.MrE. van W. Floyd, of Paris, was avisitor here Sunday.Mr. J. C. Leer was in Louisville onthe tobacco breaks yesterday.Mr. M. P. Collier was a businessvisitor in Lexington Monday.Mr. J. R. Tnvlnr attended thp. fnneral of a relative at Helena Thursday. IMr. Lee uiarK has returned atler aseveral months' sojourn in Oklahoma.Mr. Ashby Leer left yesterday forMartinsville, Ind., for a two weeks'stay.Mrs. Nettie Gardner, of Paris, arrived Thursday as the guest of her daughter, Mrs. E. 13. Taylor.Mrs. Mollie Slack, of Sharpsburg,arrived Saturday as the guest of herbrother, "Mr. J. J. Peed.Elder Smith, the new pastor of theChristian church has taken rooms atthe home oE Mr. Bert McClintock.Mrs. K. R. Vaught, of Parker, Ind.,arrived Saturday as the : guest of herparents, Mr. and Mrs. T. D. Judy.Mr. and Mrs. E. VV. Ammermanmoved yesterday to the property ofDr. W. M. Miller on Eighth stret.Mrs. J. J Peed will leave next weekfor a visit to her daughter, MissDorothy Peed, at Birmingham, Ala.Mrs. Mattie Purnell was the guestof her daughter, Miss Btssie Purnell,at Paris ftom Saturday until Monday.Mr. C. T. Darnell, who has beenhere since Christmas left yesterday toresume his duties as traveling salesman. Cards are out announcing the goldenanniversary of Mr. and Mrs. Thos.McClintock Saturday afternoon, February 17.Messrs. G. M. Jones and J. P. Redmon left yesterday to attend the Laymen's Conference of the SouthernPresbyterian church which convenes inChattanooga today.Mesdames J. Clarke Leer, Jr., R.M. Johnson and Misses Ethel Johnsonand Myra Booth attended the performance of "The Sweetest Girl in Paris"at Lexington Saturday.The property of Mr. Simon Gillispie,which was advertised to be sold atpuoiic auction oaturday was not ottered, owing to the inclement weather.The sale will ba held at a later date.Mr. H. A. Rodgers, grandson of Mr.J. G. Allen, who recently accepted aposition in the Farmers Bank, soldtwenty Orpington pullets and cockrelsduring the past week at fancy prices.Dickens' hundredth anniversary willbe celebrated at M. F. fJ. Wednesdayevening with interesting readings andscenes from the author. "All friendsand patrons of the institution arecordially invited.Mr. and Mrd. J. T. Jefferson entertained the following at the home ofher father, Mr. R. W. Becraft, with adining: Misses Ethel Johnson andMyra Booth, Messrs. Mack Grimes andAlex Miller and Mr. and Mrs. R. M.Johnson.There is considerable sickness hereat this time but no one very serious.The following are among the number:Mrs. William Insko, Mr. George Howard, Mrs. H. D. Shy, Miss CurlieInsko, Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Ammerman. Col. and Mrs. C. M. Best entertained Friday evening with a delightfulmusical from 8 to 10 in honor of theirniece, Miss Dakota Best, of Washington, ID. C. A program of fourteenmusical numbers was rendered. Atthe close of the first half of the program ices and cakes were served. Aneat program was presented to eachguest with a small buttonhole bunchi of violets. The musical was entirelyimpromptu, the selections and performers being announced while theguests took them on their programs.It was a delightful evening and enjoyed b y all present.Must Live for Others.A class which lives only for itselfand not for the community of whichit is a part is bound to perish. TheNemesis of selfishness is extinction.I Deeds and Transfers.The following deeds have been lodgi ed in the office of County Clerk PearcePaton for record :John- A. Gorey to Louisville andNashville railroad lot in Paris $202.Hattie Harris to same lot in Shawban .$400.Belle Taylor to Chaney Beall lot inParis $1.W. M. Miller to Jones Bros, lot inMillersburg $500.D. C. Clark to George F. Junes lotin Millersburg $540.VV. B. Linville to J. H. Barnes lot inMillersburg S250.John Mahar to Maggie Mitchell,, lotin Millersburg-, $1Robert S. Wilmott's executor to W.H. McMillan. 120 acres, 3 rods and 21poles, $13,817.North Middletown People Ready.A number of North Middletownpeople were in town yesterday and thematter of the L. & N. building a linethrough that place was freely discussed. The residents of that section ofthe county are hearty in their supportof the movement, the only drawback towhich they have been subjected beingdue to the fact that they knew notwhat course to pursue. Since the information was received that the L. &N. would send a man here to lay thematter before the people and explainin detail what the road expected, thepeople have been very active and arenow awaiting the arrival of the road'srepresentative. It is stated the peopleof North Middletown are rea'y andwilling to take up the active work ofsecuring the right of way, tnd little orno opposition is expected from theland owners along the survey.Dies of Hea.t Disease.A telergram rec.eved by Mr. LewisT. Lilleston late last night announcedthe death of his sister, Miss AnnieLilleston, which occurred suddenlyyesterday at Kansas City, Mo. Herdeath was due to an attack of hearttrouble.Miss Lilleston was the oldest daughtei of Mrs. Selby Lilleston and hasmade her home in the West for thepast fifteen years. The telegiam contained no details other than that 'thebody would be shipped to Paris, arriving here Wednesday at noon.While no funeral, arrangements havebeen made it 13 expected the funeralwill be held from the residence Thursday morning.Bourbon Property Valued at Fiteen Million.The compilation of the tax 3ist3 ofBourdon county as approved by theBourbon Board of Tax Supervisors,have just been completed by CountyClerk Pearce Paton, and show a totalassessed valuation of real and personalproperty in this sounty of $15,504,435.The lists reveals the fact that thefarmers of Bourbon county paid taxeson 182,399 acres of land with an assessed valuation of $10,276,300.In the city of Paris there are 3,084pieces of city property upon which isplaced a valuation of $2,743,870, whilethe assessed value of all bonds, notes,accounts, cash on hand, stocks in homeand foreign corporations total the sumof $1,172,835.Among the items shown on the listsof the Assessor's fcooks are the following: Eighteen head of thoroughbred, saddle and standard stallions, valued at$5,025.Three thoroughbred saddle andstandad geldings, valued'at $200.Two hundred and eight saddle andstandard geldings, valued at $413,690.Forty-two stallions of common stockvalued at $9,8U0.Three thousand six hundred andtwenty-eight geldings, mares and coltsof common stock, valued at $175,545.One thousand two hundred andeighty-nine mules and mule cults valued at $91,805.Thirty-seven jacks valued at $5,350.Thirty-seven jennets valued at$1,490.Five registered bulls, valued at $150.Fifty-live registered cows and calvesvalued at $1,795.Eight thousand one hundred Tandninety-three bulls, cows and calves ofcommon stock valued at $226,675.Twenty-six thousand three '.hundredand twenty-four sheep valued at $82,-460.Eight thousand seven hundred andhiteen hogs valued at $41,710.Won First Prize.D. C. Lisle, Jr., the 12-year-old sonof Air. D. C. Lisle, Sr., of near thiscity, won first prize over fifty-fourcontestants in the Boys' Corn GrowingClub. The young man produced onone. half acre of ground forty bushelsand twenty pounds of corn, which wassold for seed corn at $2 per bushel.The prize corn is on display in theFirst National Bank.Public Sale Advertisements'.Read over the public sale advertisements in this issue of the News. Anyone looking for real estate will do wellto read the advertisements of the following people:Mrs. Sallie McMillan.Jno M. Berry.Geo. Rassenfoss.D. L. Leggutt.Geo.W. Stuart.Jno. Cain, Jr.Lloyd Ashurst, Jr.N. W. Gratz.C. A. McMillan, Special Commissioner. : Fell Upon Open Kniie.Harry McCarty, Jr., the 13-year-oldson of Mr. Harry McCarty, editor ofthe Nicholasville Journal, while playing at his home fell upon an openknife and suffered a wound in his abdomen. He was taken to the St.Joseph Hospital in Lexington. It isnot thought the wound will proveserious.Attended Lexington Banquet.Mr, J. D. Hunter, of Cannel City,who ia in this city organizing a Chapter of the Junior Order United American Mechanics, attended the banquetgiven by Lexington Chapter No. 24.State Council Mr. Harvey Mitchell, ofHart, Ky.., was in attendance and delivered an address. Mr. Hunter, although he has been in the city bjt afew days is meeting with much successin his efforts to organize a lodge here.TestNew HemplSreakingMachinePreliminary tests of the hemp breaking machine, invented by Mr. FrankO'Neil,, Jr., of this city, were madelast week, and although the conditionsat this time are anything but favorable for hemp breaking the machinedemonstrated beyond a doubt thatwhen hemp is in prime condition forthe break, the invention will do allthat is claimed by the inventor.The machine, which Mr. O'Neil hashad under construction for severalmonths in Philadelphia, arrived lastThursday and was taken to the farmof. Col. E. F. Clay on the Cynthianapike, to be given a test, but hemp atthis time is not sufficiently rotted andonly a short run was made.According to Mr. O'Neil, the engineswith which the machine is equippedworked tojperfection, which is one ofthe main features of the machine ofrecent construction. Only a smallamount of hemp was used in the preliminary test, but it separated thefibre, tow and herds in a -very .satisfactory manner.Owing to the weather conditions nomore tests will be made for some time,or at least not until the weather opensand the hemp is in the proper condition for breaking then it will be testedto its full capacity and the most satisfactory results are expected.Mr. O'Neil has spent the greaterpart of eight years on the invention,the idea of which he conceived while astudent in the engineering departmentof State University. It was here thathe castings and all principal parts ofthe first machine were made. Sincethat time he has constructed sevenother machines, each time improvinguponthe.one previous -until the latestmodel, which is now here, is about tothe point of perfection.LLLB ' mmmmv Mmmm A WWWr AWWm jHBAKING6Absolutely PureHAKESIMEs"2 IeiieiDainty11 ElIThe My Baking Powder m&(Lefrom Royal Grape Cream of TartarNegro Woman Cuts Man.In an altercation which took placein the negro suburb of Claysville lastnight Ben Wheat, colored, was cut andseverely wounded by Clara Belle Bird,a negress. The cause of the difficultywhich led to the cutting could not belearned owing to the lateness of thehour. Wheat is said to be seriously injured The woman has not been apprehended. Eai What$ You Want,BROWN'S g LITTLE TABLETSCures Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Heartburn50C PACKAGESpecial Commissioner'sSaleOFLANDBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Mrs. W. W. Massie's Adm'r., Plaintiff,vs.Her Legatees, Defendants.Under and by virtue of a judgmentof the Bourbon Circuit Court renderedin the above Etyled action, the undersigned Special Commissioner of the saidCourt will sell at public auction to thehighest and bestbidder.at the front doorof the Bourbon County Court House,in the city of Paris, Kentucky, at orabout the hour of twelve o'clock, noon,Saturiifc. Feb. 24, 1912,the following described property:A certain, tract of land in Bourboncounty, Ky., on the waters of Flat Runcreek, and bounded as follows:Beginning at 5s a corner to Mrs. J. V.Fisker; thence N 52 W 21.12 chains to6. a corner to Mrs. Rednion: thence S474 W 95 links-to 1, a corner to same;thence N 35i VV 2.00 chains to 8, a corner to same; thence N 63 VV 2.66 chainsto 9 a corner to same; thence N 67 W6.07 chains to A. a corner to same;thence N- 30 W 2 48 chains to B. a corner to same; thence S 57-1 VV 1.52 chainst") C, a corner to same ; thence N S2i VV1 85 chains to D, a corner to same;thence N 53i VV 60 90 chains to E. acorner to sanae; thence JS 83 VV 1 13chains to F. a corner to Mrs. Quinby;thence S 4i7 W 7.70 chains to G. cornerto same ;thtmce S 39 VV 5. (VI chains to H ;thence S29 V 4 10 chains to I. a corner to same; thence S 85 VV7 li.0( chainsto J, the middle of Ruddle's ins turnpike; thence S tii E 9.81 chains to K,the middle of Faidturnpike; thence S2VV 28 00 chains to L; thence S 9A E 8 68chains to M, the middle of same; thenteS 141- E 11.35 chainp to N, the middleof same; thence S 65 E 6 40 chains toO, the middle of Fame and corner to39.95 acre tract; thence N 46 degrees, 4minutes E 59.61 chains to A, a postcorner to. said tract and VV H. VVhaley ;thence with his line S 36 E 10 84 chainsto the beginning, containing 249.95acres, and being part of the same landconveyed to the said first party byHorace Miller's Administrator, &c, by !deed recorded in Deed Book 87, pase1510. Bourbon County Court Clerk sSaid sale will be made upon credits ofone, two and three years for equal partsof the purchase money, the purchaseroeing required 10 execute oonas forequal installments of the purchase price,with good security thereon, payable tothe paid Special Commiss'oner, bearinginterest at the rate of 6 per cent uer"annum from date of sale until paid infull, and to remain a lien upon theproperty sold uutil fully paid, and saidbonds are to have the force and effect ofa judgment; or the purchaser may paypart or all cash if he so desires; and ifhe will pay as much as one third cash(by consent of parties) no surety will berequired of him on his bonds for theresidue.C. A. MCMILLAN,Special Commissioner.TALBOTT & WHITLEY.Attorneys.M.. F. KENNEY, Auct'r.(3fb3t-s) xPOWDEHIBAKING EASYilSCUlls mPastriesToo Good for the Blue GrassBaseball men frequently meet withfunny experiences, but the one whichhappened to President Wm Neal, ofthe Blue Gra33 League, recently justabout tops them all, says the Louisville Post. Mr. Neal is at presentsnowed in under moie than 100 lettersfrom would-be umpires, and while going through these he ran across a letter that nearly made him throw a lit.In telling of the missive, Mr. Neal refused to give the applicant's name,but he declared that his letter ransomething like this:"Dear Mr. Neal: I want a job inyour league as player or umpire. Wouldrather play than umpire, but if I can'tland a job on a team will umpire foryou, I haven't played in any leagueyet, but with the teau I was with lastyear I batted 1,200 and fielded betterthan that. I am sure that I will be astar no matter what team yuu put meon.""What did you do with that man?"Mr. Neal. was asked."Oh," was-the reply, "I immediately wrote him saying that althoughI greatly regretted it, I would be unable to give him a place, as he wa3 togood for the Blue Grass League."Special Commissioner'sSaleOF-LANDBOURBON. CIRCUIT COURT.Thos. Henry Clay.. Jr., as StatutoryGuardian of Jennie Connor, andOthers, on.Eetitioo.Under and by virtue of a judgmentof the Bourbon Circuit Court renderedin the above styled- action, the undersigned Special Commissioner of thesaid Court will sell at public auction tothe highest and best bidder, at thefront door of the Bourbon county courthouse, in the city of Paris, Ky at orabout the hour of twelve o'clock, noon,onMONDAY,. MKW 4, 1912,the following, described property:A certain tract of land situated inBourbon county,. Kentucky, on thewaters of Strode-'s creek, and boundedas follows: Beginning in the middle ofthe Paris and Winchester turnpike atL, a corner-toiMatt Bedford and Mrs.Mariah Hildreth- thence N. 14 s W.11.91 chains-to K,. a point in the middleof said pike;thanceN.l(Ti"W.3.56chains.to J, a point in the middle of same:thence N. 2. W. 2.80 chains to I, apoinfc in the-middle of same coiner toThomas Henav Clav: thence leavingthe pike N. 8a W. 2.07 chains to A, aniron post corner to said Clay; thencewith his line S. 12 W. 2.01 chains to B,an iron stake-; thence S. 5354. W. 1.73chains to C, a stake on the east bankof Strode's creek ; thence up said creekon the east bank thereof as it meanders3 W. 4.30 chains to D, a stake onthe east side of a box elder; thence S.19 W. 9.70 chains to E, a stake on theeast side of an elm; thence S. 20 V.4.61 chains to G, corner to Matt Bedford; thence leaving the creek withsaid Bedford's, line N. 68 E. 14.72 chainsto the beginning, and containing 15.27acres of land.The above tract of land has on it thehereinafter named improvements, viz:a substantial frame "dwelling of sixrooms and two halls, one barn, onecabin, smoke house, hen house andother outbuildings.Said sale will be made upon a creditof six and twelve months for equalparts of the purchase money, the purchaser being r quired to execute bondsfor equal installments of the purchaseprice," with good security thereon, to beapproved by said Special Commissioner,oayable to said Special Commissioner,bearing interest at the rate of six percent per annum from date of said saleuntil paid, having the force and effecto fa judgment, and to remain a lien onthe property sold until fully paid.C A. MCMILLAN,Special Commissioner Bourbon CircuitCourt.Talbott & Whitley, Attorneys,.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer,(3-10.17-24feb-2mr) .v