1 "-? '-WrTHE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR$ flMfJVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, "TUESDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1912t'f",rr( " '"i'""1'1'llift4s&SXSiflUEast Tcnn. Phone 288 Home Phone 130Wbere Qualify Counts inSterling SilverWeight, Fineness, Durability,Finish.Our display of Sterling Silver is the largest,finest, and more complete than ever shownY"i in Paris. Goods of Quality only pleasingto the eye ornamental to the home practical for service.Prices the cery JuowestWe Cordially Invite Your Inspection of Our Displayof Sterling Wares, Novelties and NewFall Styles in Jewelry.IThe House of QualitySHIRE & FITHIAN.Jt3a&WWWf Fill Yotir Pantry$ fcJAWt And You Will Have No Fear of $W the Rainy Day m16-lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.0025-lbs. Granulated Sugar 1.50Pure Hog Lard, per lb 15Pure Hog Lard, by the 50-lb. cans, 14Dry Salt Bacon, per lb 14Nice lean Bacon, per lb 18Cu-To-No Breakfast Bacon, sliced ". : 25Cu-To-No Hams, Sliced 252 Cans Good Corn 153 Cans Baby Bunton Corn 25Royal Seal Oats, in cans '. 10Old Reliable Coffee, per lb 30Good Bulk Coffee, per lb 25Preserving Pears, per bu 75BLUE RiBBON FLOUR25-IbSack 80c50-IbSack $1.60100-!foSack $3.20T. C. LENIIUIN,Cash Grocery.fasMiLEEPiNGSJUSTONHi UP.Many Contestants Who At FirstDid Not Think Their ChancesWere Worth Anything AreDaily Changing Their Minds.CONTEST JUST STARTING.. ."WE KNOW HGW"No Better Time Than Right NowDon't Hesitate Any Longer,But Call or Write the Campaign Manager and Ask Himto Help You Start Your Campaign Hundreds of Dollars inIn Prizes Are Waiting ForOwners.VwwMJJJ ZiKi'mwii 'Sg!Both Phones 234Temi2uwiw- iii& Tir--aavawimimsmmmmmm.mm . n , 17 i-oet wnai iou ray rorGetting what youpay for, in style, fit,quality and satisfactiontha's a job that's notalways easy when youstart out to buy Boy'sClothes.Get Your Next Boy'sSuit Here-Learn whatit means to patronize astore that sells satisfaction. You'll discover that,there's no store that considers its customer'sprofit first, that gives allyou pay for.Boy's Suits, Ages3 to 7$5 to $10The last few days have been busyones for the contest department, owingto the number of contestants, both oldand new, who have suddenly awakenedto the opportunity that is before them,and have madb up their minds thatthey have a chance and a good one,too, of landing among the winners inthis battle of ballots.However, "making up their mindsto run" is about as far as it goes withthe majority of the contestants. Thereis anunusuallygood opportunity in bothdistricts for candicates. both old andnew. to start and win one of the prizesvery easily, for, up to date, only afew in each district have got started.If you are one of those candidates whoare just trying to make up your mindit is time to stop "thinking the matterover." Phone or write the campaignmanager that you are in the race towin and want him to help you all hecan. Thousands of votes clipped fromthe paper are being sent in every day,but in' the creat majority of instancesthese 25 vote coupons are sent in byfriends of the different contestants.There are many who, when the campaign was first inaugurated, jumped tothe conclusion that the thing represented a good amount of hard work,and would take too much time, so thatthere would be no use in making aneffort.But after watching the Drogress ofthe campaign for a week or so theycommenced to realize that it was"making haste slowly," and thore wasplenty of chance for any one who really intended to do something to commence at once and with a half hour'swork catch up with any one in the procession. And then as they discoveredthat this and that friend expressed awillingness to help them and thev gotto sizing up the other candidates inthe race, many made up their mindsthat a district prize would be a cinch,and the grand prize by r.o means animpossibility. Hqw is it with you?Have you sized up the other candidates? Have you received any votes?Have any of your friends agreed tohelp you if you would run? If so, whynot start at once? Remember only afew of those nominated will run, andafter you get started and let yourfriends know that you are in the raceto win, they will help you, and youwill have no trcuole in securing votesand subscriptions. Just phone theCampaign Manager and tell him to enter you as one ot the active candidates. He would like to have everycandiddate who has not called at theoffice but who intends to make an active race to telephone him.NEXT THUKSDAY NIGHTThe big Bonus Votes offer will cometo a close. Try and get all subscriptions possible before tnat time, andsend them to the office and secure thevotelcertificate. These vote certificates you can hold until the end of thecampaign if you wish.CONTEST GAINS GROUND.The big contest is'certainly gainingground day'hy day and no one can anticipate what height this good natuiedtug of war will attain. Certain it isthat 95 per centof the people in theterritory of the contest are directly interested in the outcome and before another two weeks have elapsed theother 5 per sent.will be closely watching the race.It you have not yet entered "thisgreat popularity contest call upon orwrite to the contest manager for a con-( Continued on Page 8)vlCLOTHESYou're GladTo WearClothes that look good when you buy themand look equally good after you Ve worn them.Clothes that are smart in style, out ftomworthy fabricsThat's What WeOffer YoucLarge assortment of Overcoats and RaincoatsFor Your Inspection.Stetson, Korrect Shape and Dr. Reed'sCushion Sole Shoes.Mitchell & Blakemore,iOutfitters to MienParis, Kentucky:EHiJimmmmnixnnran iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiniiiiiiiniiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiniiiniiiiiiiujMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiH d(sS ii.v.V IFRANK & COSThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.H IyTRAGOOPiMt VirjfttMfcPRI6& & 60. Glotnier;W&and FurnishersDaughters Elect Officers.At the meeting of the Richard HawesChapter, United Daughters of the Confederacy held in the Confederate roomin the court house Saturday the following officers were elected for the ensuing year: President, Mrs. H. B. Clay ;First Vice President, Mrs. J. T. Vansa'nt; Second Vice President, Mrs.Grepn Leer, of Millersburg ; Secretary, Mrs. H. H. Hancock; Treasurer,Mrs. Joseph Ewalt; Regstrar andHiis-torian, Mrs. U. U. Leer.The report of the treasurer showedth chapter to be in an excellent financial condition, there being a balance ofalmost S75 in the treasury. Sixteenmembers of the chapter were present.Mrs. J. D.Burnaugh. of Paris, wasadmitteda s a member.The chapter voted to have three openmeetings during the year and "themonthly meetings will be held on thethird Saturday. Mrs. T. E. Moore, ofLexington, a former resident of Bourbon was ajvisitorat the meeting.3&SOI JohnnyI CoatsI Newest Stylesl Newest MaterialsI Popular PricesI JTTWe have just received from NewI - York's largest maker of Ladies'I and Misses' garments fifty EnglishI Johnny Coats. These are all the rgo,E and are made in the newest coloringsand materials.As a lady remarked to us YourJohnny Coats are priced $5.00 less thanI've priced them at any other store.Come in and see for yourself.Price $12.50 to $20.002MachThis Norfolk CoatDress $5.00?!FRANK dc C.,Paris,aunHiimHiiimriniiinimiEffliiiiiiminumHiiim J2kV7MJJ"CTtffK. ' tfJlHiilmz2Kentucky:if CT-r?i mmmmsimrsz4&L&,mli4$tljrm2s. i " i j fgsifiszim. x. 'w-" -A-s-8&-jtiJgiaMaiiLVTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCTOBER 22, JI9.12IJOHN MUCK'SCELEBRATEDDRAUGHT BEERALWAYS ON TAPAll Brands of Bottled in Bond Goods.Private stock Whiskies, S-year-old9 1 1 0Proof, $1 .OO per Quart.Bennie WeissbergILauicfc aim uciiiiciuciiYour Pall ShoesAre Here.They are new, seasonable and reasonable. The assortment is made upof the best styles of the world's bestShoe makers. The scope is so broadand the size ranges so complete youwill find your size in any make youdesire.We have also a full line of Misses',Children's and Boys' School Shoes inGun Metal, Patents and Tans.IGEO. McWILLIAMS,L.Phones 301W -bourDon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.W Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetmSBS-Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.'lL!teO -wto Agricultural'-twfh "f'rif' 'iC?'7 . t- - -'- '' ,-''"",.' -'--'i'l rriT1' a dei"Capital Surplus1 00,00.00 $67,500.00;IThe Shoe MianmJ- - toWe Take Pleasure.in ooing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous for fine work and itdever goes brack on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatee.V!s:-yBank of Paris.r w, T . k iA? f m m m m4r 'Protection$267,500.00THE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP, -PublisherlEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year 2.00 Six Months. .1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matt er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for larere advertise-I ments and yearly contracts.Tbe right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.bpace is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.DEMOCRATIC TICKET.For President,HON. WOOUROW WILSON,of New Jersey.For Vice-President,HON. THOS. R. MARSHALL,of Indiana.For Congress,HON. J. CAMPBELL CANTRILL,of Scott county.What AmericansWould Save.The Tariff Reform Committee isprosecuting an investigation of thedifference in American manufacturerssold abroad and to domestic consumersand finds that it is a conservative estimate that the American consumer isdiscriminated against in favor of theforeigner to the extent of not less than$2,000,000,000 a year, or a SlOO.for every family in the United StateB. Inother words that amount would remainin the pockets of home consumerseach year under a proper downwardrevision of the tariff, which wouldthen yield more to pay the expenses ofan economically administered government than the high tariff does now,which in many cases goes into the coffers of the trusts and favored interestswithout contributing to the supportof the government.It will thus;be seen what a terrifictax we are paving forbigh protection.A vote for Wilson and Marshall andthe Democratic nominees for Congresswill insure a speedy and material reduction upon the necessities of life andput on the free list trust controlledproducts and articles of American manufacture, which are sold abroad morecheaply than at home.Jack Johnson, the negro pugilist,was arrested in Chicago Friday on acharge ot abducting a 19 year oldwhite girl.Disfiguring the Landscape.An agricultural paper makes astrong protest against the too commonpractice in the rural districts of "disfiguring fences, barns, and other buildings, trees, etc, with glaring signs,proclaiming the virtues of some patent medicine, or some tobacco, or heralding the bargains at some store inthe nearby town."There might have been included inthe list the great sprawling billboardswhich are to be seen along railwaysand highways at frequent intervals.A large amount of picturesue sceneryis marred in this way. Nothing is sacredto the enterprising'advertiser whois interested in keeping .his wares before the public eye.It requires the consent of the property owners to disfigureljuil dings andbeautiful landscapes in this way, butas soma farmers and landowners find itto be a source of some small revenuethey are more than willing to permitthe advertiser to work his will in suchmatters. But the farmer gets vervlittle money out'of the.transaction andonly succeeds in detracting from theappearance of the property. Theiarmer, of course, does not care so muchfor the scenery as does the urban resident. He sees it every day while thecity visitor only views it at rare intervals. Neverethless th2 farmers shouldknow that posters and bulletin boardsdo nut improvelhis premises and thatit does notpay to make his surroundingsjinattractive because of the merepittance which he may be able to extract from the enterprising advertiser.There are many farmers who do notrealize that there is a money value tothem in keeping their farms and buildings in good order. A good beginningin that direction is by keeping the premises clear of things which are likelyto be distasteful to passersby.Wilson Will Win.Until the enactment of the PayneAldrich law, followed by Mr. Taft'sWinona speech, in which he declaredit "the best tariff law ever passed,"La Follette and Cummins were voicescrying in the wilderness. The peoplein the West refused to accept thePayne-Aldrich tariff as'anything otherthan a breach of the faith pledged bythe Republican platform of 1908 andreiterated by Mr. Taft'in hiocampaignspeeches of that year.At once La FolletteJ and Cummins,who had until that time constitutedthe leaders of the two widely separated bodies of contestants, foundthemselves at the head of a militantmovement including many of the Western States and having as its SDecificobject the actual downward2revision ofthe tariff.Then followed the Congressional elections of 1910, at which the Democratson a promise of tariff reform, sceuredan overwhelming majority in the lowerHouse and the Democrats and Progressives control of the Senate. Measuresrevising the woolen, the cotton, thesteel and iron schedules and placingon the free list a number of articlesnecessary for the daily consumption orin the dailyjtcil of a great mass of thepeople, were passed by both Houses.They were in every instance vetoed bythe President, and that'even after thereport of his tariff board furnished thefull proof that the reduction proposedstill provided for a reasonable measure of profit for the American manufacturer above the cost of productionat home and abroad.Mr. Taft's failure as a president hasbeen due to his course on the tariff.The impossibility of his reelection wasconceded even before Mr. Rooseveltprojected himself into the ring with aplatform which, though calling itselfProgressive, left out of considerationthe one factor that had giventhe realprogressive movement form and effecttariff revision.The attempted assassination of Mr.Roosevelt and the argument of thestandDat Republicans that the electionof a Democratic President will "disturb prosperity" have had some effectin distracting attention, bun the onereal cause of the campaign is and willcontinue to be the immediate reduction of the tariff downward.Both Mr. Taft and Mr. Roosveeltare opposed to such revision. The position of Mr. WiLwn and the Democratic party in rdQard to it is identicalwith that which two years ago resulted in a sweeping Democratic victory in which the gains were confinedto no one section, he Bast and Westbeing but little less pronounced thanthe Solid South in their demand for revision. As a Democrat, Mr. Wilson isentitled to and will receive the unitedDemocratic support. As a genuineProgressive he will receive the support of every Progressive who has notbeen blinded by the glareof Mr. Roosevelt's personality. Against a dividedopposition Mr. Wilson will win, because he and hisplFtform represent thesober thought and enlightened judgment of the American people on thequestion of governmental policy whichmost nearly concerns the everydavneeds of the every day life of theevery day man.The withdrawal of the United Statesmarines from Nicaragua was begunyesterday.It Looks Like a Crimeto separate a boy from Bucklen's Arnica Salve.His pimples, boils, scratches, knocks, sprains and bruises demandit, and its quick relief for burns,scalds or cuts is his right. Keep ithandy for fapys, also girls. Heals everything healable and does it quick.Unequaled for piles. Only 25 cents atObedorfer's.Notice to CreditorsBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.John T. Burgess Executors, etc.- - - Plaintiffs.vs. Notice to Creditors.Williamsburg Institute, etc. -- Defendants.All persons having claims againstthe estate of John T. Burgess, deceased, are hereby notified to present thesame to the undersigned, proven asrequired by law, on or before the 25thday of November, 1912.Also by express order of the court,all claims not so proven and presentedwill be barred.chas. a. McMillan,Master Commissioner Bourbon CircuitCourt.October 15, 1912.15 3 wksNotice to CreditorsBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Jessie B. Barton, etc. - Plaintiffs,vs. Notice to Creditors.Virgil Barton, etc. - Defendants.All persons having claims againstthe estate of the decedent, JoshuaBarton, are hereby notified to presentthe same to the undersigned, provenas required by law, on or before the25th day of November 1912Notice'is further given that by express order of the court all claims notso proven and presented will be barred.chas. a. McMillanMaster Commissioner Bourbon CircuitCourt.October 15, 1912.15 3 wks . ,FOR WOMEN ONLY.That is the nature of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription the one remedy forwomen which contains no alcohol and no habit-forming drugs. Made from nativemedicinal forest roots.. Dr. Pierce tells its every ingredient on the bottle-wrap-per.Prominent physicians and some of the best medical authorities endorse theseingredients as being the very best known remedies for ailments and weaknessespeculiar to women. r-rro T! nmnrrrr. nfT,nnfrMbs. Coi-fey. suffering woman seeking hcaltn."Dr. Pierce's Medical Adviser, newly revised up-to-date edition, answers host3of delicate questions about which every women, single or married ought to know."JL. fs:wrz-i vs - :mgmm " fedg . (-ffKtAW,.lVmflhM and,. A :mvWxMA'VY beGood wood shinjle, and in some places they cost much less.Rcofs pat on 26 years ago are as good as new today, and have never needed repairs.for Sale by Miller & Best, Millersburg, Ky.PKing "Coal" Says,Better Buy Now.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.(sQrZJeXetomberiand Celepbone ana Celegrapb CompanyINCOBPOBATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the CumberlandBour" bon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, NorthRuddles Mills.IWhen you have Cumberland service youHAVE telephone service.' 'Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated..Hot and ColdBATHSHot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits You are next.M. A. KAHAL.Some Good AdviceTo the People.Don't sell your old feathers until you find out ' the prices, Youcan call us and we will look atyour feather, or if you live inthe counrry send us a sample. Iwill let you know what they areworth. Some old feathers if theyhave been well cared for are asgood as new. We pay marketprice for new feathers.MAX MUNICK,8th Street, PARIS, KY.Gall East Tenn. Phone 374Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. ifEy., says : "I feci it m7 duty to write and toll you whatyour medicines have done for me. I was a great suffererfor six years from a trouble peculiar to women, but I anthankful to sa7, after taking four bottles of your 'FavoritePrescription ' I an not bothered with that dreadful diseaseany more. I fool like a new woman. When I first wroteyou for advice I only weighed 115 pounds her I wci;i 135.rJ thank you very much for your kindness. You havobeen as a father to mo in advising me what to do, so ma7God bless you in every effort you put forth for good.I hope this testimonial will be the means of borne poortil- aa ktsn u EPLvsa.1 iLAID RIGHTwim.mmSHINGLES.No dirt no bother, and when oncethev make a thoroughly storm-prooffire-proof roof, neither of which canclaimed for the wood shingle.As to price they cost no more than aMiddletown, JLittle Rock andWindsor Hotel.Modern Equipment,Polite Service,Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty. 'CARL CRAWFORDProfessional CardsJ J. WTLIiTAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.itoom 1 Elks BuildingDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office 5Hone3J 1136( E T 334Residence 2334.DR. A. H KELIiEK,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms. 4j and 5, Elk's Bld'gJParis - KentuckySdW4&22&x$&MmmSHOPmTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCTOBER 22, l912jMILexington Military Bandrod Orchestra,112 West Main St.LEXINGTON, KY.isic For All OccasionsTELEPHONES: New185 and 63S; Old,OnSy such music wilfibe supplied as will foea pEeasisre to our pat-!roras and a credit tothe organization,,JK.frajBMwui.'-ifcJ'.i-ir-7v-19IN EFFECT JAN 14,TWINtSR(Am vl rnwM8kWmSkilllliiitJiIliPlliilllIlBfifjlTrains jk-rrrveNo. FROMU Atlanta, Ga.. Dai'y 5 21 am134 Lexington, Ky., Daily 4.15am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 am7 Maj'sville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .7.55 am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 am37 Cincinnati, O., Dcily 9.50 am3 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 10.20 am12 Lexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 am26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 am25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pm138 Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pm38 Knoxville. Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily. , A 5.40 pm39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5.47 pm30 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6,03 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.5o am32 Jacksonville. Fla., Daily 6.05 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrains IDe-psirtNo. TO34 Cincinnati. 0., Daily 5.2S am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 am29 Lexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily" Except Sunday 8.20 an:10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily .9.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.24 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10.27 am6 Mavsville, K., Daily 12.05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.84 pm3S Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.4o pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.52 pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.57 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.10 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Dailv Except Sunday 6.15 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.25 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.57 pm13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.55 pmFcfcC TIIMEE-TABIjin effect October! 3, 1911.Tran.s ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.30 pm3 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pmTrains DepartNo. TO7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday 9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky DailyExcept Sunday 5.53 pmSCOTT'S EMULSION improves the quality of breast milkit supplies the material for boneand muscle if scanty or thin,it makes it rich and abundant.For bottle babies a few dropsof. emulsion with every feedingproduces marvelous effectsmakes new, firm flesh and ruddyhealth.SCOTTS EMULSION is thecream of the purest cod liver oildelicately emulsified into tinyparticles resembling maternalmilk and each particle is coatedwith glycerine no alcohol orstimulant a whplesome, nourishing, strength-making food.Mothers everywhere are enthusiastic about Scott's Emulsion.U Insist on getting SCOTT'S.Scott & Bowne, Bloomfield, N. J. 12-649O3&T01 -703 Main St.,Invites you to inspect their handsome and stylish display ofPALL DRY GOODS,DRESS GOODS, MISSES'and LADIES' READY-TO-WEARGARMENTS.SUITS, SKIRTS,MILLINERY,CLOAKS, SHOES, DRESSES.Flease Call. Always several toshow our goods.TIME-TABLE1911. AT 11:59'P. M.Puts End to bad Habit.Thingsjnever look bright to one witnthe blues. Ten to one the trouble ib asluggish liver, filling the system withbillious poison, that Dr. King's NewLifge Pills would expel. Try them.Let the joy of better feeilngs end theblues. Best for stomach, liver andkidneys." 25 centH at Oberdorfer's.F"HOGBOURBON REMEDY CO..Le canton. Ky.Enclosed Cad photo of hep- that wa", cured ofcholera with your Bcuroon Fog Cholera Remedy. This hojrwas r' nost dead before using:the medicine, and then -was entirely cured, except loss of oars, tail. e'c. Tbehosris owned byMr. Skiles Evhvr, of BoYlms Green, Ky. Hewill bo cladtc give yoa a testimonial, and wocan get several more if yoa y. ant them.JENKINS-GUBLDTT DRUG CO.,Bowlinfir Green, Ky.Ask Your Drufst for It.For Sale dy W. T. Brooks.New Shoe ShineParlors.Ede ParkerThe popular Elevator Boy andJanitor at the AgriculturalBank, has opened a Shoe-Shin-ingParlor in the hallway of theBank and will be glad to waiton the public in this section ofthe city.Your Patronage Is Solicited.WM. PARIS,Jersey r Milk, Creamand ButterPromptly DefiiveredNignfc and IVSorning.East Tennessee Phone 98Home Phone 98Kentucky.Horse Shoeing,Machine Shop.Automobile Repairinga Specialty.Fruit and Ornamental.Shrubs, Asparagus, Rhubarb. Peonies, Roses, Phlox, etc. No ;agents.Growers of what we sell. Free catalogue. H. P. HILLENMEYER & SONS,11 lm Lexington, Ky.Jlnnk LangbomManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.anglGtfEast Tenn. Phoe 669GoodsGo.Incorporated.Manufacturers ofHarness, Horse Boots andLeather Novelties ofAll Kinds,All Orders Promptly Executed AndWork Guaranteed.No. 304 Main StreetRepairing of All ind DoneWhile You Wait.Opp Court House.Paris.Dairy.Proprietor.Sam 1 Kerslake& Son,Paris, -TREESBourbon HorseGENERAL NEWS.Sixteen rpresona were injured andfour' small business buildings werewrecked by an explosion of naturalgas at Marshall, Texas, Friday.The final draft of the treaty of peacebetween Turkey andjltaly was signedat Ouchy, Switzerland, Friday.When you have a bad cold you wantthe best medicine obtainable so as tocure it with as little delay as possiDle.Here is a druggists', opinion : "I havesold Chamberlain's Cough Remedy forfifteen years," says Enos Lollar, ofSaratoga, Ind., "and consider it thebest on the market." For sale by alldealers.Plant a Tree.The newpsapers of this State havebeen asked to call special attention tothe fact that Governor McCreary hasdesignated November 13 as Arbor day,and everyone is asked to plant a treeon that day.From the fact that the county ofBourbon has been lelieved of a greaterpart of its timber the importance ofplanting a tree is plain. Unless thepeople take a hand the land will soonbe deoleted of all timber and the beautiful county of Bourbon will look asbarren as the Sahara. KemebmerAibur Day and planf a tree.Almost a Miracle.One of the most startling changesevre seen in anv man. according to W.B . Holsclaw, Clarendon, Texas, waseffected years Ego in his brother. "Hehad such a dreadful cough," he writes,that all our iamiiy tnought ne wasgoing into consumption, but he beganto use Dr. King's New Discovery, andwas completely cured by ten bottles.Now he is sound and well and weighs217 pounds. For many years our family haq used this wonderful remedy forcoughs and colds with excellent results." It's quick, safe, reliable andguaranteed. Price HO cents and $$1.Trial bottle free at Obeidorfer's.3German Cures.In Germany one finds all kinds ocures. Every enterpiising town hasone. Often the cure house is the finest public building in the city. A German talks of going to his cure as anAmerican of going to his vacation.There are milk cures and mud cures,wind cures and water cures, mountaincures and surf cures; but my choiceis the forest cure.Not only does it best please mypersonal taste hut I notice that it getsthe most serious cases those whereradical and heroic cures are needed.First of all there are the tuberculosispatients strewn about on their cotsunder the pungent shades of the BlackForest as about Dr. Trudeau's camp inthe Adirondacks.Then there are the devotees of indigestion and the nervous wrecks, bilious, alcoholic and society wrecks,drug fiends, bridge fiends and everybody; that is everybody who canspend the time and money to comehither for the forest cure. Naturallyin Germany, as in America, folks whohave to work and support familiescannot afford to be cured. They can'teven afford the disease in the firstplace. Woman's Home Companion.Finding the Drowned.Occasionally one reads that, whenhuman bodies aro thought to be in rivers and cannot be found, "a loaf ofbread has been floated down thestream." But very few people havethe least idea what connection thereis between bread and the finding ofbodies. "When the river has beendragged without result, a loaf of breadis cut in two, a place hollowed out inthe middle, and a quantity of quicksilver inserted. The two halves ofthe loaf are then fastened togetheragain, and the bread is thrown intothe water in the place where the bodyis supposed to be. "Without fail theloaf floats along until it reaches thevicinity of the body, and then revolvesquickly, hovering over the spot.Deafness Cannot be Cured.by local application, as they cannotreach the dfseased portion ;of the ear.There is only one wav to cure' deafness, and that is by constitutionalremedies. Deafness is caused by aninflamed condition of the mucous lining of the Eustachian Tube. Whenthis tube is inflamed you have a rumbling sound or imperfect hearing, andwhen it is entirely closed, deafness isthe result, and unless the inflammationcan be taken out and this tube restored to its normal condition. hearing willbe destroyed forever. Nine caes outof ten are caused by Catarrh, which isnothing but an inflamed condition ofthe mucous surfaces.We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any cast ot deafness, caused bv catarrh, that cannot be cured bv Hall'sCatarrh Care. Send for circulars free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by druggists 75 cents.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. Archiepiscopal Feast.A correspondent sends us the material for a dinner given by the Archbishop of York in 1468: Three hundred quarters of wheat, 330 tuns of ale,104 tuns of wine, 1 pipe of spicedTdne, SO fat oxen, 6 wild bulls, 1,004sheep, 3,000 hogs, 300 calves, 3,000geese, 3,000 capons, 300 pigs, 100 peacocks, 200 cranes, 200 kids, 2,000 chickens, 4,000 pigeons, 4,000 rabbits, 204bittern, 4,000 ducks, 400 herons, 200pheasants, 500 partridges, 4,000 woodcocks, 400 plovers, 100 curlew, 100quails, 100 egrets, 200 roes, 400bucks, 5,506 venison pasties, 5,000dishes of jelly, 6,000 custards, 300pike, 300 bream, 8 seals, 4 porpoisesand 400 tarts. There were 1,000 servitors, 62 cooks and 515 scullions. Ourcorrespondent informs us that his authority does not state in what circumstances the dinner was given, or howmany guests assembled. Possiblysome reader may be able to throwlight on the subject. London VtefeunCurtis Henry & Co.,Groceries, Drygoods, Fresh and CuredMeats5lVeetafo!es, Fruits, Etc.Both Phones 442We Want Your Trade on the Merits of Our Goods.Everything We Sell is Guaranteed.Our accommodations are the best in townAnew Auto IDelivery, Polite Attention andAlways a Special Effort to Please : : : :A Few Thfngs Others Haven't Might Interest You:Cream Flour, French Bread, Golden SunCoffee, Sweet-Orr Overalls, American BeautyCorsets, Royal Tailoring and many others toonumerous to mention. Give us a trial.Yours for more business.ICor. 1 4-thShE&New Fall" v r&S&&Z sJsCHLOSS BROS 6 CO I vWJ irite CUtkes Miltra t v.""i IBROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L. Wollstein, Proprietor..t.tf.MftSFSKHKnT 40,000 Burley Tobacco GrowersStockholders in Strater Bros Branch FactoryHere are ten brands of tobacco. All of you know their worth,for you supply the leaf. It comes from your own tobacco farms.Most of you smoke or chew one of these brands, for they represent the cream of your crops. You know of none better, nonericher, and you know that each sale brings a profit to you. Youare partners in each of these brands. Here's a way to increase.your profits on each.40,000 Partner-SalesmenWe want 40,000 more salesmen and you.Mr. Grower, are one that we want. Wewant you to work with us, to help sellthese brands, and thus increase yourrevemie from them. Your cooperation,individually, can result in gigantic sales.Here's how it works out.Let Each Man TellTen FriendsLet each of you growers tell tenfriends what you know of Strater Bros.'Branch Brands, the brands for whichyou grow the leaf. Always keep one ofthese brands in your pocket and give tothese friends to try. Explain that theleaves were the pick of your crop andthat no better crops are grown. Pointout the reasons why these brands ofTO ALL DEALERS WHO SELL TOBACCOThese brands of tobacco are famous sellers as all who sell them know. The7 are madefrom the best, from the cream of the crops, from forty thousand farms. They form thegreatest repeaters known, a steady source of profit. Put them into your stock for a trial andsee what they do. You will sell them for years if you sell them one week.For Smokinc-GOLDEN GLOW-PENNY POST-FULL PAY.For CWing-INDEX-BY JOE TWIST -CUP -DAY'S WORK-ON THE SQUARE-TORCHLIGHT-STRATER'SNATURAL LEAF.STRATER BROS. TOBACCO COMPANY BRANCHEURLEY TOBACCO COMPANY, Incorporated, Louisville, Ky.iY CO.J.and MainSuits ArrivinDailypCTT-SchSoss Bros., Sc Co.,Baltimore, IVSd.,Hand IVSade SuitsAre Here DirectFrom The TailorsHands. . .We are showing the newPlumCarnation, Grey and Browns, theprices very reasonable, $15 to 825.All Wool Fall Suits, newestshades at $10, $12.50 and $15.Our Fall Line of Haws VonGol Hats Douglass Shoes andTiwn Bros., Special Shoes are arriving daily.The showing we are makingfor Fall is in every way up to thehighest class, our prices are more'reasonable than elsewhere. $10nrrntobacco should be every smoker's andchewer's choice since it is your choicestgrowth. 40.000 men, each telling tenfriends, will thus get a powerful salesmessage to nearly 400,000. If each ofthose friends tell five others, nearly2,000,000 men are affected. Think whatan increase this would make on thesebrands in one section. You are sellingto us. We are selling to them. So letus work jointly to sell the utmost thatwe can.Tell Dealers, Toos Tell dealers, too, when you buy thesebrands, what you know of their quality.Let them know of their nation-widepopularity, how they repeat, and howthey make friends of consumers. ,BE A BOOSTER OF BURLEY GROWERS' BRANDS, thos boosting the sales andyonr profits.(3)HHKaKTOSS&.VOHRSBgmgsiCTsyygVttiflgBTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCTOBER 22, 1912STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES.Tobacco growers claim the continued drouth will cause the tobacco tocure up red and a change of weather isnecessary before the tobacco will curebright.It is estimated by the State Department of Agriculture that the farmers of Kentucky have lost 289,175north of hogs from cholera since thefirst of July.Mr. R. N. Ratliff, of Winchester,"purchased last week the farm knownas the Hargis place on the Paris pikefrom Mr. J.B. Martin at a price whichwas not made public.One of the best cattle sales of theseason's.market tookplace when JamesW. Myers, of near Moorefield, Nicholas county, sold to Albert Maffett, ofBourbon county, thirtv head of cattlefor $2,300.Guy Hundley of Boyle county,sold last week to J. H. Bronston. ofNew Haven, Conn., his pacing mare.Pickles, which has attracted a widerreputation in the horse world. Theprice paid forJ:hemare was not stated.Nicholas county farmers are perturbed over the scarcity of water. Agreat drouth has prevailed in thatcounty for several weeks and water isgone in some places. Cattle aredriven miles to Licking River to water.'The American Tobacco ProductsCompany was chartered at Richmond,Va., with a capital of 50,000,000. Thepromoters announce that the companyis formed for the purpose of enteringthe cigarette field in competition withthe American Tobacco Company.The 90 acre farm of J. F. Cook &Co.. located in Fayette county aboutlour miles from Lexington on theGeorgetown road was sold last week toJ..F. Cook at 231 per acre. The salewas made to settle the dissolution ofthe firm. J. F. Cook will remain inthe horse and mule business.The Kentucky Stock Farm, published in Lexington, which has formore than a quarter of a century beenone of the leading turf journals ofAmerica, devoted principally to thebreeding industry and to the runne,will hereafter appear as The KentuckyTrotting Record, and be devoted tothe interest of the light harness horse.A quarantine has been declared bythe State Live Stock Sanitary Boardagainst all horses, mules and jackstock from Nebraska, Kansas and other Western points, and the driving ormoving of sheep from Robertson county, Ky., has been forbidden pendingthe appointment of an efficient countyinspector. The action against theWestern stock was due to the continuous spread of a disease similar to cerebro spinal menigifis.All the tobacco in Bath county hasbeen cut and housed and there was anunusually good crop. Some that was' cut and housed during the recent coldspell was considerably damaged by thefrost, especially that which was in thelowlands, and will not bring a goodprice. A few buyers in some sectionsiiave been offering 9 and 10 cents apound, but as yet there has not beenany sales reported. The cut out planis being seriously considered by thegrowers in Bath.With ideal weather conditions prevailing the past week Bourbon farmers have been afforded the opportunity to complete their fall seeding andmany acres have been sown to grain.In this line of farm work the farmersare considerably advanced over lastyear, when a rainy season retarded thework. The acreage of wheat this yearwiil be considerably in excess of lastyear, due in a great measure to theexcellent season afforded. The wheat,however, needs moisture, and a gentlerain would putthe crop in excellentcondition.The farm of Thornton Moore, containing 490 acres, seven miles ironsLexington in Fayette county, wasbought by James B. Haggin. NewYork millionaire at public auction lastweek. The farm which was offered intwo tracts was purchased at 133.50and $128 respectively. Haggin now.owns ten thousand acres of land inFayette county, which is the largestamount of Blue Grass soil owned byone person. His holdings in Fayettecounty and the city of Lexington arevalued at 2,000,000.Mr. A. P. Adair, of Paris, writingin the Farmers Home Journal givessome valuable information in' hoggingdown" corn, acquired from practicalexperience", which is as follows :"Having read several articles oflate on "Feeding down standing cornto hogs," 1 will give you some experience we have had along that line thisfall."On September 2, 1912, we weighedUP 106 head of hocrs consisting of eichtsows that had raised spring littersand were quite thin, 10 head of latefall shoats and the remainder Marchand April pigs. The 106 head weighedHave opened a CoalCf.,J TT i."LiFJew Boal Ljardgioiciiiu uii norm iviain oireei.Rich Mountain CoalKentucky Jem CoalI Last longer and furnishes a greater amountof heat than other coals,O. R. TURNER,Opp. Hotel Windsor DowFinal Rally November 2.All over the State, in every countyseat in Kentucky the grand final rallyof the Democrats will be held on Saturday, November 2. This is the information sent out by Chairman J. N.Camden, of the Democratic State Campaign Committee.1 This will be the last gathering of theDemocrats before the election, whichwill be held on Tuesday, November 5,and it is expected that there will bea large number of Democrats in eachcounty seat on that day to attend themeeting. The list of speakers has notbeen given out yet but there will beone to fill the date in each county ofprominence and which will be announced at a later date.The Democratsof Bourbon will beafforded the opportunity of hearingone of the mopt able speakers" in theState on this occasion, and every effortwill be made by the party leaders inthis county to have out one ot thelargest crowds at a political meetinghere on that day.Every Democrat should consider ithis personal duty to attend the finalrally fand to aid in making the meeting the grand success it should be.Bourbon county, no doubt, will returna large majority for the Democraticcandidaates, but the interest in theelection should not be allowed to wane.Mission Circle Will Meet Today.The Young Ladies Mission Circle ofthe Christian church will meet this afternoon at 2:30 o'clock with MissElizabeth Jasper at the home of -Mrs.Wm. Myall.This organization, of which Mrs.Withers Davis is president, is workingwith a definite purpose in view, andtowards that end have engaged MissIva Roberts, a graduate of the BostonSchool of Expression, to'give as a monologue the clever comedy entitled,"Betsy in Baltimore," at the BourbonCollege chapel, Friday evening, October 25.A full attendance is requested at themeeting Tuesday, to complete arrangements for this entertainment, and tomake plans for futuie work.Ball Players Receive Rewards.In looking over the official recordsfor the 1912 season it is clearly evidentthat in the battincr department at leastthe plavers have been excelling pastrecords." The reason for the unusuallyheavy hitting can be readily understood by any regular patron at any otthe base ball parks throughout thecountry.In practically every "park of any importance there is located one of theBull Durham signs. Every player hitting the bull with a fairly batted flyball during a regular scheduled Leaguegame receives 50. Any plaver making a home run in one of these parksreceives seventy-two packages of BullDurham smoking tobacco.During the 1912 season there havebeen 268 hits recorded against the BullDurham signs, which hits have nettedthe fortunate players S10.400 in cash.There have been approximately 2,500home runs in these parks for which theheavy players have received 180,000packages of Bull Durhamismoking tobacco. A special report of the work in (heBlue Grass League is given herewith.Lexington The!BuIl was hit on Mayby William Cramer of the Frankfortclub; on. June 29 by Harry Camnitz, ofthe Lexington club; on August 30 byHugh Wicker of the Lexington club.There were 50 home runs in the parkfor which the heavy hitters have received 3,600 packages of Bull Duhamsmoknig tobacco.PariE The Bull was hit on July 20by Fred Mollenkamp ot he Paris club,and on July 28 by William H. White,of the Frankfort club. There were 21home runs in the park for which theheavy hitters have received 1,512 packagesof Bull Durham smoking tobacco.RichmondThe Bull was hit" on May3 by James Baird of -the Richmondclub. There were 78 home runs in thepark for whichjthe heavy hittprs 'havereceived 5,616 packagesof Bull Durham smoking tobacco.League Totals The Bull signs werehit 6 times netting for the fortunateplayers 300. There have been 149home runs knocked in these parks andas a result the big stickers have received ,10,7224 packages of tobacco.10,820 pounds. We turned them on sixacres of early large yellow corn. Theyhad it cleaned up by September 28, 4weeks, when we again weighed them,weighing 15,850 pounds, a gain of 5,030pounds, which we consider a goodgain. These hogs also had the run cf30 acres blue grass and cjover and poolof 'good water. They were all purebred Duroc Jerseys of the large tvpestretchy kind and money makers."As to there being a waste as someclaim from this wav of fpoHino- maI could not see from close observationanything at all. But a great saving oflabor as well as great benefit to thesoil for future crops."Yard at the Dowft 7..-' Ci xBuilding E. T. Phone 58 ftParis Man an Incorporator.The Central Kentucky Blue GrassSeed Co., with a capital stock fixed at$20,000, filed articles of incorporationin Lexington Saturday. The incorporators are Joseph M. Hall, of Paris,W. E. b'imms, of Spring Station, J. B.Haggin, of New York, J. E. Madden,G. Clay Goodloe, Clarence Lebus, W.R. Estill, S. H. Halley and C. H. Berrvman, all of Lexington. Each of theincorporators own tne shares of thecapital stock, each share being valuedat $100.The incorporating articles authorizethe companv to engage in the purchase,sale or lease of real estate, to construct factories, warehouses and to buyand sell blue jzrass seed and other seedfor period of 100 years. The companyhas a blue grassjseed and other seedfor a period ot one hundred years. Thecompany has a blue grass seed cleaning establishment in Lexington.The Best Sausage.If you want sausage buy it of us.We handle that good kind Hfbler's.22 2t SAUER.Rev. Ligbtfoot at Midway.Rejv. E. M. Lightfoot, pastor of theParis Baptist church, who is assistingRev. J. P. Scruggs in a revival atMidway, writes the News that he expects to be in Paris in time to fill hispulpit at the Baptist church next Sunday. According to Rev. Lightfoot heis having an excellent meeting in Midway. Sunday eight were received inthe cnurch and to that date twenty hadbeen received for membership.Special Prices on Rugs.We offer the following special priceson rugs this week:Special 9x12 Axminister rugs, only$16.50.Special 9 by 12 Brussell rugs, only$12.75.These are certainly bargains,spt 17-tf A. Jb WHEELER & CO.Stable Burned.Yesterday morning about 4:30o'clock the stable owned by Mr. JohnConnellon Seventh street, in the rearof the property formerly owned byMr, W. T. Overby. was deBtroved byfire, the origin of which is unknown.The stable was a mass of flames whenthe fire was discovered, and when thefire department arrived it was almostconsumed. Flying sparks endangeredthe adjacent building, but fortunatehthe fire was not communicated to otherproperty. The losa will reach $500,which is partly covered by insurance.Fire, wind and lightning Insurance. Thomas & Woodford.Fresh Oysters.Fresh Baltimore oysters receivedtwice a week and served in any styleat my restaurar.t.JAMES E. CRAVEN.Deaton Cases Go to Clark.1 Declining to hear the application ofthe defendants for bail and sustainingthe application of the Commonwealthto change thecvenue ot the the casesagainst D. F. Denton "and potherscharged with the Callahan gmurder,Judge Newell Saturday transferred theDeaton cases to Clark county for trialand set the hearing of the applicationfor bail Thursday. The defense insisted on a hearing on the writ ofhabeas corpus, and urged that theywere 'entitled to bail. The defendants will not be sent to that countyuntil next Eweek.Fresh Kraut.New barrel of frpsh kraut just received. Phone in your order.22 2t T. LENIHAN.Minimum Fine Imposed.Lee Chinn, colored, of Jacksonville,this countv, was before Squire L. J.Fretwell yesterday morning on acharge of carrying concealed weaponsThe minumum fine of $25 and the' jailsentence of ten days was imposed.Just In..New ".shipment of Sourkraut andFrankfurters, horse radish and weinerwurst.22 2c SAUER.RELIGIOUS.-Onaccount of the meeting of theMissionary Society the meeting of thePastor's Aid Society of the Presbyterian church has been postponed untilthe last Tuesday in October.AMUSEMENTS.COLUMBIA."The Refugee's Casket," a fine handcolored picture, will be the feature attraction at the Columbia tnis afternoon and night. 1 he film is a Gaumont product in two reels and is oneof the finest ever presented in thiscitv.Negro Women In Trouble.In a difficulty on Brooks street lateyesterday afternoon between JennieJohnson and Kate Carter, two coloredwomen, the former received a severecut on the heaad by a stone thrown bythe Johnson woman for whom a warrant was issued.King Trial This Morning.The'trial of Harry" King, rof Carlisle,charged with the reckless driving ofan automobile will be held this mornning at 10 o'clock before Judge E. B.January in police court. King, it isalleged, while driving an 'automobilethrough the city several wpeks ago atan excessive rate of speed struck andinjured a horse belonging to Mrs. RoseFlanders, which was being driven bher nephew, Chas. Johnson. The animal was so badly injured that it hadto be killed. A wnrrant for the arrestof King was issued, resulting in hisarrest. He gave bond for his appearance in court here, the case being postponed until today. Mrs. Flanders" hasinstituted suit in the Boiubon Circuit Court to recover damages as a result of the loss of the horse.MILLERSBURG ITEMS.' Mr. G. W. Judv. of Lexington visited friends here Monday.Mrs. Thomns Smith Ipff: Snfnrrlnv fnrTexas.to.be absent several weeks.Miss Willie Egan McNamara visitedrelatives In Pans lrom Friday untilMonday.Mrs. Robert Osborne, of Masoncounty, is the guest of her sister, Mrs.James Madison. ,Mra. Lillie Sagaer, of Louisville, isthe guest of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.J. H. Campbell.Miss Mary Agnes Purnell spent Saturday with her fister, Mrs. h M.Collier, in Paris.Mr. W. E.' Butler returned Mondayafter a week's visit to Mr. RichardErnst in Cincinnati.Mrs. Hattie Ferguson, of Atlanta,Ga., was the guest ofjier sister, Mrs.T. A. Vimont Sunday.Mrs. A. M. Ingels is at the bedsideof her brother. Mr. Enos Ross, whois quite ill in Carlisle.Miss Ethel'FisherTwas the guest ofNiza Lelia Gault, in Mayslick fromFriday until Monday.Mrs. b f.J. Fulkerson, of Augusta,was the guest of Mrs. Frankie CookFriday and Saturday.Mrs. J. P. Auxier and children returned Monday after a weeks' visit torelatives in Cincinnati.Mrs. Sallie Neely and sistpr, MissElla Mitchell, of Paris, were guests ofMrs. M. J. Caldwell Sunday.Mrs. Martha Vimont left Friday forthe bedside of her daughter, Mrs. W.A. Munzing, at Maysville, who is quiteMrsBettie'Shepherd was taken toSt Joseph Hospital. Lexington. Saturday where she underwent an operationvesterday.Mesdames Thomas MCcIintock andHugh Campbell were guests of Rev.and Mrs. Julian MCcIintock at Corinthfrom Friday until Monday.Mis Nannie Louise Best was at "thebedside of her mother, Mrs. SallieBest, who is in a private sanitariumat Louisville Saturday and Sunday.The brick work on the Sanduskybuilding was begun Monday and aneffort will be made to push it to completion before bad weather sets in.There will be a recital at the M. F.C. Friday evening beginning at 7:30given bv the pupils in music and expression. All friends and patrons ofthe institution invited.Mr. R. B. Boulden, of Pueblo, Col.,who has been in Kentucky for severalweeks, arrived Saturday to visitfriends here, coming from the home ofhis daughter, Mrs. S. H. Crouch, atLittle Kock.The"WesternrUnion Telegraph Company discontinued their office at theLouisville and Nashville depot Sundayat midnight. Their work will be donehereafter through the CumberlandTelephone Company.Miss Myra Booth entertained herwedding party Monday evening with asix o'clock dinner. Mrs. A. S. Millerwill entertain the same at the homeot herjjparents, Mr. and Mrs. O. M.Johnson this evening.Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Miller returnedSaturday from their wedding tour, inthe East, and were given a 7 o'clockdinner at the home of Mrs. ElizabethMiller, imother of the groom. Onlythe members of theimmediatefamiliepwere prespnt.Dr. and Mrs. J. A. Grimes, of Cincinnati, will arrive today to be present at the Booth-Grimes nuptial whichwill take place Wednesday evening ateighto'clock. Miss Eldiva Sanders,ofFlemingsburg who is to take partin the wedding arrived Wednesday evening andis withMrs. Booth.Mesdames S.'H. Creighton, of Indianapolis, Ind., and K. R. Vaught, ofParker, Ind , and K. B. Hutchens, ofLexington, arrived Saturday as guestsof Mrs. Belle Taylor and to be herewith Mr. R. A. Taylor, Mr. J. T.Judy gavea dining on Sunday, a family reunion of the Taylor family. Thisis the first time in twelve years theentire family have been together.In the game of football Saturdayafternoon between M. M. I. and Maysville High School on the grounds ofthe latter, resulted in a Bcore of 54 to0 in favor of M. M. I.Rice andJSmith starred for M. M. I.,the former making six touchdowns forthe cadets'during the game. The M.M. I. team was made up of the following: Ho ward,. c, Todd rg, Huffmanand Walker, re, Endicott le, , Rice q,Gentry lh, Oldham rh, 'Smithf. Apartyj.composed of Col. C. M. Beat,Capts. Miller and Davis and CadetsMay, Dugan, Mason and Price, all ofM. M. I., witnessed the game.Mr. Earle Insko and Miss Lucy Robertson, both of Millerbsurg, werequietly married Friday afternoon fatthe clerk's office in Paris, by SquireL. J. Fretwell. Their wedding camein the nature of a surprise to theirfamilies, astheywere not notified until after they had reached Paris. Mr.Insko is an employe of the hardwarefirm of Miller & Best, and he is theyoungest son of Mr. and Mrs. ClemonInsko. Miss Robertson is the attrsctive daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Chas.Robertson and for several months hasoccupied the position of night operator for the Bourbon Home TelephoneCompany, and is a very popular youngwoman, lhey will continue to maketheir home in Millersburg.The Ebenezer Presbytery of theAssociateJReform Presbyterian churchopened Friday afternoon at twoo'clock. The opening sermon waspreacheds by Rev. Joshua Presley, ofAbbey ville, S. C. after which hecalled the meeting to order. Rev.Hunter, of Elsberry, Mo., was electedmoderator, and J. M. Thorne, of thelocal church, clerk, until the arrival cfMr. bpratt, Gf Sharpsburg. who camein Saturday. After the appointmentof committees UieJjPresbytery adjourned until 9 o'clock Saturday morning atwhich time it was reopened with Rev.Hunter in the chair. The reading ofthe minutes opened the morning session which was taken np with thehearing of reports.Notwithstanding (hi3 organizationwmmammwmmmmmmwmmmmmJ A SpecialTo the Woman Who Has $25 toInvest In a New Fall Suit or DressThis special invitation is to inspect our great special showing of new Fall Suits and Dresses at $25. We are making a special feature of Suits and Dresses at $25 this season, as this seems to be a popular price with a great manywomen, and are showing a collection of Suits and Dressesthat we are confident cannot be matched elsewhere. Firstwe would like to have you shop around and see whatothers have to offer you for $25. You will then be in abetter position to appreciate what WE offer. We, on ourpart, have long since satisfied ourselves by a careful investigation and comparison that nothing like our Suits andDresses at $25 are to be had around town. Now weshould like to have YOU investigate. A recent purchaseof brand new models just received. ::::::::The SuitsHere is an array to surprise and delight the most criticalSmart, distinctive Suits in a splendid variety of entirely new anddistinctive Fall models from one of the test manufacturers in thecountry are gathered for your selection. The coats show all thelatest features, including many smart points original with themaker. The new Mackinaw coat suits with the four patch pocke.effect are espacially interesting. All coats are lined with guaran.teed satin lining or silk peau de cygne and are finished with silkcovered shilds.The skirts of the suits show many plaited effects and are cutfuller and hang more gracefully than last season's styles.The Dresses at $25"Surely these can't be the $25.00 Dresses yon were talkingabout," you will exclaim when you see them; ' 'why, how canyou do it for that money?" Ah! that's our little secret.Here they are, the newest and most charming creations inafternoon, street and evening dresses from a fashion house notedfor the high-class garments it produces.The distinctive new models reveal Fashion's every secret thenew modified Pannier, accordeon pleated, modified Robespierrecollars and beautiful draped effects. Come in and see them .Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.JLexinftonjLis very weak in Kentucky the reportsof the Prebsy tery comprising Kentuckyand Missorui were good. Some ot thecongregations are erecting new churchbuildings. Rev. R. L. Robertson, superintendent of the Woman's College,at Due West, S. C, delivered an ableaddress on "Education," dwellinglargely on the theme that the womanis a Christian home builder. He alsocalled attention to the work of the college. J. They arejsoon to build a memorial hall at a cost of $10,000. TheKentucky Presbytery was asked to contribute to this fund. He said that theexistence of this orgamaztion depandedon the future boys and girls.FollowingJIhis address the Presbyterytook a recess until 3 o'clock at whichtime Rev. Hunter, of Missouri, delivered an able discourse. At the closeofjhis sermon the work of the Presbytery continued for a short time, reports of some of the committees wereheard, and Elsberry, Mo., was namedfor the spring meeting. The" Prebsytery took a recess until 7:30 o'clockwhen all the committees made theirfinal reports, adjourning ,at 9 p. m.Rev. R. L. Robertson delivered an ablediscourse Sunday morning after whichthe sacrament was administered andanother able discourse in the afternoonwith the closing of which the Presbytery adjourned.The following is a list of delegates:Rev. Hunter, Elsberry, Mo., andRev. Joshua Presly. of Abbeyvills, S.C, with Mrs. Sarah Thorne; Mr. Gordon, Louisville, and Mr. J. B. Spratcwith T. L. Marshall ; Mr. Henry Wallace, Paint Lick, Ky.. and Rev. R. L.Robinson, Due West, S. C, with Mrs.Sarah Marshall.Thos Dolan Found Guilty of Manslaughter.A verdict of voluntary manslaughtercarrying with it a penalty of from twoto twenty-one year& in the Stateprison was returned Friday morning inthe case of Thomas F. Dolan, the former Louisville lawyer and turfman ontrial for the murder of Alderman Patrick J. Mooney, of Lexington, twoyears ago.The jury took the case Thursday afternoon at 5 o'clock, but owing tu' theillness of one of the jurors, did not deliberate on it but a short time Thursday night, but early Friday morningit wasjfapparentjthat a verdict wouldbe reached. It is understood that theverdict was unanimous. This was thefourth trial of this noted case, theother threeresulting in a hung jury.It Was a JUry from Jessamine rnnrruaelceted from a special venire of 200that brought in the verdict.A motion was made for a new trial.To Sit in Deaton Case.Governor McCreary Fridav designated Judge N. C. Newell, of Maysville, as special judee to sit in thetrial of D. VV. Deaton and otherscharged with the murder of Ed Callahan, in Breathitt county. Judge Newell went to Jackson Fridav night to sitin the case.Invitation tat $25r,mJCentuoAut PropertyAssets back ofthis SecurityProperty increasing in value earn -iugsfor Jpast 11 years mc ra thansufficient to pay dividends on thissecurity improvements now u nderway will increase earning capacityfive timesEstab.60 yrs.6PerCent.Investment.Such in brief are some of the features contained in our offering of TheHotel Gibson Co. (Cincinnati) 6 percent, preferred stock to discriminating investors. We offer every facility for thorough investigation. YTriteus at once.mmCINCINNATII NEW YORK.ESTAB L.I3 H E.Q j'6.66fMEMBERS CINCINNATI AND NEW YORK 8TOCK EXCHANGESCHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE AND H. Yt COTTON EXCHANGEPUBLIC SALE.Saturday, November 2, 1912,.at two o'clock p. m., I will effer atpublic sale my residence on Pleasantstreet. House ha3 reception hall, twjlarge bed rooms, dining room, pantry,room for bath, kitchen, cellar, citywater in house, pump from cistern inkitchen, good cellar. Lot 108x59front, more or less, house freshlypainted, slate roof.TERMS One-half cash; balance in1 year at 6 per cent interest.MISSIA.NNIE M. WRIGHT.George D. Speakes, Auctioneer.Saddle Horse Firm Dissolves.The well known saddle horse firm ofCollins & Redmon, of North JVliddletown, this county, has dissolved, theinterest of Mr. Redmon having beenbought by Mr. William Collins, son ofthe remaining member of the firm,which, in the future, will be known asJ.'.T. Colilns & Son. Mr. Redmon, itis said, will retire from the horse business. During the life of the firm ularge nmber of high c'ass saddle.horses was owned, including the" wellknown show horse and sire, TeddyRoosevelt. The firm is widely knowntbroughouTthe country, having on exhibition at" the county fairs in thisState and State fairs throughout thecountry some of the finest specimensof horsefleBh ever produced t in theworld. ,ffiQjrTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCTOBER 22, 1912H& BOURBON NEWS.tThALWAYS HAS THE BESTCF EVERYTHINGTAX NOTICE.Tax payers of the City ofParis are hereby notified thatIhe 1 0 per cent, penalty goeson all taxes not paid beforeNovember 1, 1912,C K. THOMAS,Collector.Office at Deposit Bank.Trustee Sworn In.Mr. Robert Stipp, the newlv appointed school trustee from the Glintonville precinct was duly sworn inSaturday afternoon.Sourkraut.L.uf.z & Schramm Germankraut at Fee's.stylesourItCarpets and Rugs.Come to the carpet and rug store ifyou want something nice at reasonablennces. Large stock to select from.No c' op worn Datterns, all new.J. T. HINTON.PERSONAL MENTION.Miss ElizabPth Steele has returnedfrom a visit to Miss Martha Waller, inCincinnati.Mrs: J. S. Martin is seriouslv illof typhoid fever at her home on Lil'eston avenue.Mre. Mamie Parker was the guestlast week of Mis. James Reid Nutter,Georgetown.Mr 33. F. Remington has returnedfrom a visit to his daughter, Mrs.Alice Fisher, in Carlisle.Mrs. M. H. Davis, of Mayslick,is here for a visit to her father, .Mr.William Hukill, in this city.Mr. W. E Board, who has beenquite ill for several days, is improvingrapidly and is able to sit up.Miss Julia Woods is visiting herbrother, Mr. Edward Woods, at St.LJoseph'sCollege. Bardstown.Misses Belle Eorton and CorinneGolilna have returned from a visit toMiss Anna Howard, in Maysville.Miss Mattie Lilleston, who hasbeen the guest of her mother, Mrs. S.Lilleston, has returned to Barboursville. Col. George D. Speakes left Saturday for Tupelo, Miss., where he andhis partner, Mr. L. D. Harris willconduct a sale of lots.Notice to the Ladies.! .ss Dorothy C. Burrows,' corsetierefor he famous Go-sard Corset, willgbepleased to meet the ladies at 305 W.Seventh street or will call by appointment. Phone Main 10. ItSweet Cider.Pure sweet cider the best ever.22 2t SAUER.The Down Town Urocer.Arriving Daily.New Fall Footwear arnving dailv at10 tf FELD'S SHOE STORE .Cottage Sold.Mrs. Newton Clark sold her five roomcjttage inJHenry Addition Friday afternoon to Mrs." Lizzie Cummins, ofnear Paris, at a private price. Thetransaction was made through the realestate firm of Harris & Speakes. Mrs.Cummins bought the property as an in-estment.Rye Lnd Timotny.We have choice Northern and homegown seed rye, also timothy seed, for20 tf R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.J.Stephens, ofvisiting theChas.Good Overcca! Weather.Whatever weight you like, we canshow you a good assortment at f 10m$10 to $50J. W. DAVIS & CO.Negro Woman Declared Insane.Marv Sue Clark, colored, was adjudged of unsound mind Saturday anrlordered taken to the;Eastern KentuckyAsylum for the Insane. The cass vastried before a jury in Squire FietweH't:court. The woman has been employeeas a domestic by Hon.jSidney G. Clayand for some time has shown symptoms of insanity. .:She was brought totown Friday morning by Deputy Sheriff J. 0. Marshall at;the request of Mr.Clay. After the trial she was takento jail where she became violei t andgave the officials considerable tumblebefore she could be quieted. She wastaken to the aBylum Saturdy men ing."Davis' Twenty5'Suits and overcoats, all shades of thenew heather mixtures, so popular thisfall.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Sailer's Sour Kraut.Phone us for first class sour krautthe best and the freshest.18 2t SAUER.Notice..Any personshaving left old shoes atour store will please call for samewithin the next 30 days, otherwisethey will be sold'as we need the room15 3t GEORGE McWILLIAMS,The Shoe Man.Dr. and Mrs. C.ban irancisco, (Jal., areformer's parents, Mr. and Mrs.Stephens, on Stoner avenue.Elder and Mrs. J. T. Sharrard andMrs. W. E. Ellis returned Friday fromLouisville where they attended the Internationatl Convention of the Christian church.Mrs. Craig Haverfield trand littleson, of Cadiz, 0., and Mrs. Carl Robbins, of Winchester, are guests of Mrs.Robbins' parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. W.Brambiett, in this city.Mrs.' Dan Drennan'has returned toher home in Mason county after a visitto her mother, Mrs. Anna 'Ihornton,and attending the Thornton-Dundonwedding in this city Thursday afternoon. Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Henry Clayand'Mr. and Mrs. Fred Wallis motoredto Louisville Sunday to be present atthe" great communion service whichwas one of the most inteesting features of the International Conventionof the Christian church.Mr. Newton Smith, Grand WorthyPatron of the Kentucky Eastern StarLodge, accompanied oy his sister, MissEmma Smith and Mrs. Lawrence Dickerson ot this city, left yesterday o attend the meeting of the Grand Chapter, at HoDkinsville, which will be insession several days next week. It isDrobable that other representativesfrom the local chapter will also attendMiss Mary Fithian Hutchcraft andMr. Reuben Hutchcraft entertainedthe fol. owing dinner party Friday evening: Misses Jennie Caperton, Richmond; Marv Sayre Williams, MaryLeonard Cassell and Bettie Bairow. ofLexington'; Messrs. Samuel and Robert Burnam, of Richmond: WallerSquires. Robert EEtill and Clay Goodloe, of Lexington and Charlton Clay,of Paris.mann, Miss Mary Leonard and Mr.William Taylor, Miss Bettie .Barrowand" Mr. Quincy Ward, Miss HelenLafferty and Mr. John Ford. Mr. andMrs. William Ferguson, Mr. and Mrs.James H. Thompson, Mr. and Mrs. Sidney G. Clay, Mr. and Mrs. Wade Whitley, Mr. and Mrs. Withers Davis, MissAileen Powerand Mr.Edward Prichard, fttfr. and Mrs. Amos Turnev, Mr.and Mrs. Henry May. Mr. and Mrs.Charles McMillan, Mr. and Mrs. WhiteVarden, Mr. and Mrs. John isavis,Miss Sallie Lockhart and Capt. Motrow. M. and Mrs. Arthur Hancock,Mr. and Mrs. George Alexander, Mr.and Mrs. Ford Brent, Miss Anna Howard Harbeson and Mr. Maurice Buinaueh, Miss Ryan and Mr. Shelby Harbeson, Miss Emily Woodall and Mr.Waller Squires, Miss Clara Belle Walton and Mr. Jack Lisle, Miss CarolynRnseberry and Mr.iChas. Fithian, MissHager and Mr. Hanson Thomas, MissSue rord Oitutt and Mr. William K.Ferguson, Mr. and Mrs. James Fejguson, Mr. and Mrs Swift Champ,Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraft andMr. Hugh Ferguson. Miss MaryWoodford and Mr. James Buckner,Miss Elizabeth Embry and Mr. JamesDodge, Miss Dudley Power and Mr.Woodford Buckner, Mr. Page, 'MissOllie Butler and Mr. George W. Clay,Mr. and Mrs. Buckner Woodford, MissJamegCaperton and Mr. Robert Burnam, Alias Mary Leonard Cassell andMr. Robert Estill, Mr. JchnlM. Brennan. Mrs. John Bronson, Miss BessieHolladay, Mr. and Mrs. Fred Waihs.Mr. C. D. Webb is quite ill at hishome on Pleasant street.Mrs. Rudolph Davis was the guestSaturday of her mother Mrs. ElizabethHouse.Miss Sue Ford Offutt, of Georgetown. ;is the guest of Miss CarolineRoseberry.Miss Sallie Adair has returnedfrom a visit to relatives and friends inCincinnati.Mrs. Carl Meade Best has issuedlovely invitations to a reception Friday atternqon.November 1. .Miss Mary Adams Talbott entertained Saturday afternoon at five hundred at her home in the country.Miss Martha Ferguson had as herguest for the cotillon Msses HelenLafferty and Mary Leonard, of Lexington. Mrs. Woodford Spears entertainsthe Sewing Club todav in honor of hersister, Mrs. John Miller Stephens, ofCalifornia.Mr. and Mrs. Earl Ferguson, ofLexington, were guests of Mr. andMrs. J. S. Roberts for the cotillonFriday evening.Miss Virginia Jouett spent yesterday with Mrs. Withers Dovis enrouteto her home in-Louisville, after a visitto relatives in Winchester.Mrs.Geogp Bacsom and daughters.Misses Colgate and Jessie Bascom, ofSharpsburg, spent Sunday with Mr,and Mrs. Albert Hinton.Mrs. William Frieze, and littledaughter, of Pineville, were guests offriends in this citv last week. Mrs.Frieze was formerly Miss Isabel leArmstrong, of Paris.Miss Marv Leonard Cassell, ofLexington, and Miss Jane Caperton,of Richmond, were guests of MissThree Negroes Fined.Arthur Smith. Richard Jackson aridJames Jackson, all colored, were arraigned in oolice court Saturdav,charged with disorderly conduct at theLouisville and Nashville depot Thursday afternoon.All of the men were in the L. cc N.yards and all being in an intoxicatedcondition were ordered to get off thetracks by James Burke, the depotwatchman. While remonstrating withthem they attacked him and no doubtwould have inflicted serious injurieshad not assistance arrived in time.One of the negroes was badly beaten by the watchman. Wan ants wereissued for the men and they wereplaced under arrest. Judge Januaryassessed a fine of $17.50 in each .caseand irrmosed a ten days' jaii sentence.Take A Look at Our WindowsIf you want to know what is whatin men's wear.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Chase 4 Sanborn's Brands.Our sDecialty is to please and satisfyyour taste for rofTees and teas. To dothis we handle only Chase & Sanbornhigh quality brands. May we supplyyou.tit FEE'S grocery;,Selling Agents.Immense Line of Wall Paper.Call at my store and pick from thelarge new stock of wall paner justwhat you need and have it put ony ur walla. Experienced decoratorsar3 ready to do your bidding.- J.T.BINTON.Mis. Ezekiel Fields Clay enteric i ed Friday afternoon with a lovelyin otion at her country home on then '.thiana pike. About one hundredt.nd rifty invitations were issued andabout that number of guests weie received during the hours.Mrs. Clay received the guests in thedrawinc room which had for its decorations Killarney roses and pink cosmos. Assisting Mrs. Clay in the receiving line were Mrs. John IngramBronson, of'Jacksonville, Fla.. and hermother, Mrs. Camilla Wilson.The dining room waB decorated inmarigolds with a centerpiece for thetable of yellow chrysanthemums. Yellow tapers in silver candlesticks7as anadditional decoration. Mrs. CatesbyWoodford and Miss Mayme Spearspoured coffee and chocolate and MissesMary Clay and Sallie Lockhart assistedin the dining room.Miss Frances Johnson and Mrs. JohnDavis served punch at a beautifullyappointed table in the living roomwhich.was'profuse in its decorationsof yellow chrysanthemums and marigofds. Others who assisted iu entertaining were Mrs. James H. Thompson, Mrs. Sidney .G. Clay, Mrs. Charlton Alexander and Airs. J Frank Fithian.A delightful luncheon was served.Behinda screen of palms and ferns inthe hall the Phoenix orchestra playeda program of lovely music.The last of series, of dances waspiven Friday evpniner at the Elks HtIIt,j t. a CutiilGn Club and was decidedlya nappy occasion lor antnose present.All the details were arranged andmost charmingly executed by MissKate Alexander, who also led each figure in her usual sweet and graciousway. The figures were pretty andwere gracefully danced. Miss Alexander was beautiful in a lavender gownwitn trimmings of crystal.The halloas never more beautifullydecorated and was entirely in the autumn colors. Huge bunches of finestleaves draoed over the windows, whilethe chandeliers were entirely coveredwith pretty bunches of bitter sweetthrough which a soft light shone overa 3cene of rare beauty.'The favor table "was presided overbv Mr. and Mrs. J.'M. Hall gand Mr.and Mrs. J. Miller Ward. The honorcouples were Miss Kate Alexanderand Mr. John Brennan, Miss RachelWiggins and Mr. Hope Wiedemann.Cincinnati, Miss Lorinne Butler andMr. Quincy Ward, Miss Mary SayreWilliams'Lexingtonand Mr. Charlton Clay, Mr. and Mrs. John StuartRoberts, Miss Mary Clay and Mr.Clarence Thomas, Miss Mary Leonard,Lexington, and Mr. Hugh Ferguson,Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraft andMr. William Taylor, Miss Bettie Bower, and Mr. Robert Burnam, R ichmond.A delicious meat lunch was served atmidnight. Behind a screen of palmsand ferns Schmittie played a programof delightful music.The following were the dancers:Miss Kate Alexander and Mr. JohnBrennan. Miss Mary Savre Williams,Lexington, and Mr. Charlton Clay, Mr.and Mrs. J. S. Roberts. Miss MaryClay and Mr. Clarence Thomas. MissRachel Wiggins and Mr. Hops Wiede-Mary Fithian Hutchcraft for the cotillon Friday evening.Annoucnement cards have beenissued as follows: "Mrs. Auna Thornton announces the marriage ot herdaughter. Anna Christine, to Mr.Denis Dundon on Thursday, the seventeenth of October, one thousand ninehundred and twelve atgParis, Kentucky.' Mr. and Mrs. Ford Brent gave asix o'clock dinner Friday evening fortheir house guests who came for thocotillon. They were Misses Shelbyand Anna Howard Harbesun, Lexington, and their guests, Miss HelenRyan, of Detroit, Miss Emily Woodall,of Covington and Mr. Maurice Burnaugh. Under the auspices of the YoungLadies Misaion Circle Miss Iva Roberts will present the four act comedy,"Betsy of Baltimore," on the eveningof October 25, at the Bcurbon Collegechapel at eight o'clock. This will bea program of unusual interest. MissRoberts has appeared before the mostexclusive audiences of the Ea,st andthe enthusiasm of her press notices attest her ability as an artist. Ihe play,"Betsy of Baltimore." is a charminglittle comedy and is historical as wellas entertaining and it introduces Napoleon and Jerome Bonaparte, RobertE. Lee, Henry Clay "andA others. Tickets on sale by members of the circle.rCordiallyjFineerseyCream, &c.Fine Jersey Cream Sold inAny Quantity Deliveredto Any Part of City.Butter and Buttermilk.oOrders Solicited.Both Telephones 334iSPECIALi&a21 P 3jNever nave youheard in any musicalinstrument a tone sowonderfully sweet,clear and mellow.. Hearing is believing,Come in any time noobligation-BaugheHty Bpos:.m !'. IZt '. . "JV7-v4,-cifc' A S'-ti r.i- .5 i1 - J"' ' T " "..&'r?..'uiA&L&&l0Sc2$vJfSftv-M50 Pairs Irish Point Lace Curtains, 1Full Width and Full Length,Beautiful Patterns, Worth$7.50, price whilethey last4.985I!g See our enormous line of Curtains and Draperies,g dainty colored bed-room Curtains of muslin,$1.00 and $1.25 pair.C; White, Ecru or Colored Draperies of Scrim, Ettamineor Marquisette Large Stock to Select From.W. ED. TUCKER.gjimII1STONE'SCelebrated Silver Slice,SMephisto and GoldenSunbeain!CakesvJEr i1 f JCLj66ThelHome'of Good Things to Eat"Jrujt cws&a&ijt?cAajUu U4sCsTrrufovfaMt,!&'"tyJ9ea ram-OpenAn AccountWithBourbon Bank &Trust Co.Paris, - - Kentucky.Capital 100,000.008urplus;and Profits... 50,000.00We will appreciate your business and favor you in every waypossibe.Try a Savings Account.3 per cent. Interest,CompoundedVnmt.&nndalltImmhbbbwhi mmo9 -uJecl o x.hlnk a Ionhome usa.safro A.a oil rwa&n'i.x.LmEVixiAnLAhecL eomiSieie, Lixi.no XLnLl o? Iro-u.g.h a Z-ig. eay ciaiA oA John.Hour, hour he does enj.of leaning. Lack, and fixififiing. hid -big. cig.aA. urhile c$ pay he phon.og.raphjfoA him.Women 6ho-ad oofc o-a jfoA he eomoA ojtheiA huA&ands as urell as fioA he Lea-a, ofheiA homeA. 2o-ur chum,jCoti.(P. S. Vo-u. J.ulA g.o dourn and irxiy Boirchair fiAom9easE3HINTON., jft. . JL t-. -. -lt- - t -,rffrCgg T''--j ,.--THE BOURBON NEWS, PARISKENTUCKY, OCTOBER 22, 1912STEEL TRUST BACK UNMASKING THEARE YOU EARNINGTARIFF DELUSIONX-OFT, KJRUST PLANCharge Challenged, Gov. WilsonReturns With Prompt andConvincing Answer.-COUNTRY WAITED FOR CLASH,iWondered if It Was, Parallel of ParkerProof if It Is Wanted.to Produce aEpisode MoreFranklin Pierce Shows That Labor Is Not Benefited byUnjust Tax,MANUFACTURER KEEPS PROFITWhen the country read on the morning of Oct. 8 the charge of Woodrow.Wilson before his audiences in Colorado that the steel trust is back of theBoosevelt program of, trust regulationand in the same papers Colonel Rooserelt's demand for proof of the assertion it sat up and took notice. Wouldthis produce a parallel of the famousepisode of the 1904 campaign, whenthe colonel called Judge Parker a liarfor asserting (what has been so recently proved) that the corporations werecontributing to the Roosevelt campaign? There was eager waiting for Governor Wilson's answer. It came promptly the next day in his speech at Kansas City. Concisely, convincingly anddispassionately Governor Wilson metthe Roosevelt challenge, and shouldthe controversy be pressed further theDemocratic candidate will give the bullmoose all he wants, for the corroboration whereof he spoke is abundant.Wilson's Charge.At Pueblo, the center of the westernsteel industry, Governor Wilson said:"Evidence of what I am about to saycomes to me by way of corroborationevery day in forms that 1 cannot question. It is a very interesting circumstance that the United States Steel corporation is behind the third party program with regard to the regulation ofthe trusts."Now, I do not say that to prejudiceyou. I am perfectly ready to admitthat the officers of that corporationmay think that the third party is thebest thing for the United States. Thatis not my point ,My point is that thesegentlemen have grown up in the atmosphere of the things they themselvesnave created and that the laws of thpUnited States so far have attempted todestroy the things that they nave created and that they now want a government which will perpetuate the thingsthey have created.4 "Xou therefore have to choose now agovernment such as the United StatesSteel corporation thinks the UnitedStates ought to have or a governmentsuch as we used to have before thesegentlemen succeeded in setting up private monopoly."Roosevelt's Challenge.The same night at Albany, N. Y..Colonel Roosevelt upon reading reportsof Governor Wilson's speech said:"As far as I know the statement hasnot the slightest foundation in factMr. Wilson has no business to makesuch a statement unless he has theproof, and if he has any proof I demand that he make it public immediately. If he has not let him retractIlls statement as the only manly andhonorable thing to do."Wilson's "Retort Courteous."The next night Governor Wilsonmade this reply before the great audience that greeted him in KansasCity:"I understand from the newstfaprreports that Mr. Roosevelt was distressed by my suggestion the other daythat the United States Steel corporation was back of his plan for controlling the trusts. He interpreted my remark to mean that they were supporting him with their money. I was notthinking about money."I do not know whether they aresupporting him with their money ornot It does not make any difference.What I meant was that they are supporting him with their thought, andtheir thought is not our thought Imeant, and I say again, that the kindof control which he proposes is thekind of control that the United StatesSteel corporation wants."I am perfectly willing to admit thatthey think it is the best for the country. My point is that this is a methodconceived from the point of view of thevery men who are to be controlled andthat that is just the wrong point orview from which to conceive it"If Mr. Roosevelt is willing to ha'-eMr. Perkins suggest how the corporations ought to be regulated why willhe not be willing to take suggestionsirom the same quarters as to the details of the regulation? Mark you, ladies and gentlemen, I am not discussing individuals. I know Mr. GeorgePerkins. I have no quarrel with anything except his judgment He doesnot look at these things in the waymen who do not wish to accustom theirminds to monopoly look at them."There should be an immediate revision of the tariff downward. It shouldbegin with the schedules most obviously used to kill competition and raiseprices in the United States, and shouldbe extended to every item which affords opportunity for monopoly andspecial advantage until special favorsshall have been absolutely withdrawnand our laws of taxation transformedfrom a system of governmental patronage into a system- of just and Teason-Proof of Democratic Platform's Soundness Cited In Reports of Wage Investigations. i""" fey FRANKLIN PIERCE.For a hundred years of our historythe manufacturers, believing that theyreceived a benefit from the protectivetariffs, have ingeniously devised plausible pretexts for imposing increasedprices upon the necessaries of life. Atfirst they said that industry in outcountry was in its infancy and neededprotection. When those industries hadbecome strong and needed no aid themanufacturers invented the theorythat the foreigner paid the duty. Thistheory was exploded, and they declared that cheap clothing meant cheapmen and was not a blessing.Driven from every one of these indefensible positions, their final and onlyargument left today is that the tariffis imposed upon foreign imports to. enable the manufacturer to increase hisprofits and pay higher wages.The Democratic platform declaresthat:"In the most highly protected industries, such as cotton and wool, steeland iron, the wages of the laborers arethe lowest paid in any of our industries." Wages In Cotton Industry.Under the existing Payne-Aldrichtariff law actual imports of cottoncloth paid in 1910 average duties of5G.4 per centIn 1905, when work and wage conditions in the cotton industry were exceptionally good, the wages of 202,211cotton mill operatives in the UnitedStates men, women and children averaged only 0.47 a week. The averagewage for men was but $7.71 a week,for women $0.30 and for children, $3.21.As to the profits, seventeen leadingcotton mills, with total capitalizationof $25,110,000 and total surplus of $21,303,501, paid in nine years dividendsaveraging 22 per centThe cotton manufacturers turned outin 1905 $142,451,218 worth of goods andpaid in wages therefor $94,337,G95, or21 per cent of the value of the finishedproductExtortion of Wool Tariff.Outside of the duties on two or threecommodities of comparatively little importance, the duties on woolen clothare the highest of any in the tariffschedules. According to Senator ReedSmoot owner of a woolen mill at Prevost, Utah, and chairman of the financecommittee in charge of tariff legislation in the senate, wearing apparel valued at 30 cents a pound now pays20G 2-3 per cent duty.This and other correspondingly highduties on the manufactures of woolare made to enable the manufacturerto pay his labor an increased wageover those of foreign countries- Butthe duty on woolen goods is nearly fivetimes the entire labor cost, while theAmerican manufacturers in 1905 paidIn wages only IS per cent of the totalvalue of their production.At Lawrence in this most highly protected industry the laborers were obliged to strike even for a living wage.Thousands of adult males were receiving only from $G to $9 a week andmany only $5 to $6 a week. As a result of the strike the American Woolencompany gave its employees slight increases in wages.The wool tariff bill vetoed by President Taft reduced the duties on rawwool from 42.20 to 29 per cent and onmanufactures of wool from 87.G5 to4S.36 per cent Mr. Taft said he vetoed it because the proposed rates didnot comply with the findings of thetariff board. Senator La Follette contradicted the president, saying that theproposed rates varied from 1 per centlower to 11.6 higher than the tariffboard's findings justified.Low Wages In Steel.Manufacturers of iron and steel in1905 paid in wages only 15 per centof the total value of their production,while the duty then would averageabout 45 to 47 per cent, and on allmetals it now averages 34.51 per cent.American icages arc really the cheapestwages in the world when yon take into account the amount of production' per man.An illustration of this appears in theStanley report, investigating the steeltrust, as follows:"The labor cost of producing pig ironin Pennsylvania fell from $1.25 a tonin 1902 to S2 cents a ton in 1909, yetthe realized value of the pig iron output was $15.G4 in 1902, whereas it was$17.44 in 1909. In other words, wageworkers in 1902 got $1.25 for producingonly $15.G4 worth of pig iron and in1909 only 82 cents for producing $17.44worth."While thus treating labor the industrial combinations that have grown upunder the protection of the tariff havefixed the prices of commodities at thehighest point the home market wouldstand.When will the laboring men of thecountry cast off this delusion that thetariff is for their benefit and with theirvl&UnUUAWEEKThat's about what your efforts will bring if you enter the BourbonNews Big Automobile and Prize Campaign and win the handsomeFive-Passenger StudebakerTouring Car5.9 r pwp s WwPurchased From the Bourbon GarageBfiEefisuvufc.10,000 EXTRA VOTEwill foe given free on &v&ry dollar's worth of subscriptions turned in beforenext Thursday night. We guarantee that this is positively the best vote offerthat will be made at any time during the contest.No better offer will be made at any future time during the contest, soturn in the subscriptions as fast as you receive them. Then we issue the voteballots and give them back to you so you can hold them tintil the close of thecontest if you wish. The papers will then be started and your friends willcommence to save the votes for you.Call or write the Campaign Manager and ask him to help you start yourcampaign. While a great many nominations have been made, not all of thesecandidates will run, so you may have a good chance in your neighborhood.Ask the Campaign manager for particulars.GET AN EARLY STARTWWDETAILS OF AUTOMOBLEAND PRIZE CAMPAING,v WHO MAY ENTER.Any person, lady or gentleman, boyor girl, living in this 'section of Kentucky may enter this campaign. Itcosts nothing to enter or try for anyI of the prizes. They do not have to besubesribers to the Bourbon News in' order to enter: all that is necessary isThe Grand or Capital Prize offered to fill out the nomination blank within this great campaign is a handsome ; your name or the name of the person910 Flanders touring car one of the you wish to inter, and bring or send itTHE CAPITAL PRIZE.best known and most rename cars inthe country. It wa3 purchased especi-'ally for this great campaign from theBourbon Garage and is now ondisplay. It is a machine of superbmechanical qualities and will excitethegreatest interest in every localitywhere the joy of automobiling isknown. The desire is intense in everywide awake person to own a beautifulcar that means so much personal joyto the Campaign Depr., The BourbonNews. Paris, Ky. The nominationblank will count 1,000 votes for theparty so nominated. Votes may beclipped from the paper or secured onsubscriptions. The votes which appearin the News are good for 25 votes eachif voted before the date of expirationprinted on the coupon. Those issupdon subscriptions as shown in anotherpart of this announcement. Under theand .for the entertainment of family ! campaign arrangement, you only havepublisher n the , to compete against the candidatesAble charges which shall fall -where votes strike down this monstrousinjusthey will create the least burden. tice?and friends. TheBourbon News takesDleasure in being able to put sucn amachine in the possession of somepopular person in this section as a reward for their industrious efforts during the next few weeks.THE DISTRICT PRIZES.The District Prizes consist ofbeautiful Diamond Kines and hand-the greatest! your own district to secure any ofinthedistrict prizes. Candidates and theirfriends may securevotes and subscriptions anywhere.HOW TO ENTER.Fill out the nomination blank foundelsewhere in this issue and 'send it to, the Campaign Dept., The BourbonI News. Full details of the campaignThe candidate standing highest ineach of the two districts after theGrand; prize has been awarded, willhave the choice of either t a lady's orgentleman's Diamond Ring.The candidate standing second highest in each of the two districts afterthe grand prize has been awarded willalso have the choice of another Jady'sor gentleman's Diamond Ring.The candidate standing third'in eachof the two districts after the grandprize nas neen awarded will De giventhe choiceof a lady's or gentleman's15 jeweled Elign WatchThe candidate standing fourth ineach of the two districts after thegrand prize has gbeen awardedf'willhave the choice of a lady's or gentleman's 7 jeweled Ehgn watchAll of the district prizes may beseen on display at the jewelry store ofShire & Fithian. Candidates andatheirfriends are invited to call and inspectthemT1, IT1.-1 rill . ,,. ... M-ICYYO. . u uuuuu Wi -Wsomefiigm wawmeB. iiiey wei -""" and printed matter lor use in gettingchased especially for this great cam-, campaign started will be sentpaign from the well known and reli--ouabThermD?amSnrd VlTzre indeed TERRITORY OF THE CONTEST,sparkling gems of beauty and the win-. District No. 1 Includes all of thener of any one of them may well feel cjiy 0f Paris.proud of them, mey are neriecc v District No. 2 Includes all of Bour-stones and the reputation of the abovefirm stand back of them.There are two lb jeweled ElginWatches and two 7 jeweled ElginWatches. The name of the ElginWatch is so well known as a most reliable timekeeper that it is hardlynecessary to give a further descriptionof them. All of the district prizes willbe on display in the window of thejewelry store of Shire & Fithian.bon county outside of the city of Parisand also parts of other counties adjoining. HOW PRIZES WILL BE DIS' TRIBUTED.The Grand prize the beautiful 5910Flanders Touring Car will be awarded to the candidate who secures thehisrhest vote polled in the entire campaign.RULES OF THE CONTEST.The campaign is open to every whiteDerson possessing good character, residing within the limits of the territory of the contest.Candidates and their friends maysecure subscriptions anywhere. Nospceial ballots will be issued forthan two dollars.Candidates must be entered from thedistrict in which they reside, and "cannot move from one district to the "other and retain the votes to their creditin the former district.The campaign manager reserves theright to reject any candidate and topass final judgment on any questionwhich mav arise.Votes once issued cannot be changedto count for.another candidate.Candidates compete only against thecontestants livingin tne same districtas themselvps for the district prizes.The campaign manager reserves theright to make any changes or alterations in the rules and conditions thatmay be necessary to the best interestsof the contest.No promise, or agreement, eitherwritten or verbal, made by agents, solicitors or representatives, other thanthose published in the Bourbon Newswill be recognized.The rules and conditions given aboveare to govern thetcontest of The Newsand all candidates entering the contestagree to be governed by the rules andconditions as above set forth.Until further notice no contestantwill be allowed to poll more than asufficient number of votes to place?their standing 5.000 votes in advanceof the leader of the preceding issue.For intsance, if A had 1,000 vote3 intoday's issue, you would be allowedenough to place your standing 6.G0Ovotes in the next issue. As manv subscriptions as you wish may be turnedin and vote ballots will be issued andreturned to you.For rules and further details seepage 7.HOW VOTES ARE SECURED.With every subscription to The'Bourbon News (when it is asked for) isgiven a ballot good for a certain number of votes, according to the lengthof theTsubscription. These ballots maybe held as:long as desired and voted atless i any time up to the last day of the contest. In fact, it is well to hold back alarge per cent of your vote ballots, asthen no one knows how many votesyou have, and are less likely to havesomeone who knows that you have;turned in all of your subscriptions .andhad the vote published, to step in thelast moment and get the prize you desire. If you hold back part of yourballots no one knows, not even thecontest .department, for no record iskept of vote ballots issued to you,how manyjvotes you have.Sick headache is caused by a disordered stomach. Take Chamberlain'sTablets and correct that and the headaches will disappear. For fsale by all-dealers.mVTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCTOBER 22, 1912Master Commissioner's Sale-OP-ailding LotBOURBON.CIKCUII COURT.Deposit Bank of Paris - - Plaintiff.vs. Notice of sale.C.. Hester. Mrs. Germany Burnett-rd her husband, E. P. Burnett".---- Defendants.Under and by virtue of a judgment-f the Bourbon Circuit Court "rendered- theabove styled action at the Junejl2 term the undersigned MasterCommissioner will sell at public auction to the highest and gbest bidder att e court house door in the city ofTaris, Ky., at about the hour of 11 a..r.. onMonday, November 4, 1912,the following described property :A certain lot situated on the corner4 Nineteenth street and Brent street,.t the city of Paris, ivy., and designed on the plat of the Fair GroundsAddition to the city of Paris as LotNo. 23, and more fully described as fol:cvs: Fronting on Brent 'street 55feet and is 71 feetJnTrear,along Louisville and Nashville Railroad, and northof said lot is 121.5 feet, south line is129 feet hemg the property conveyedtd Mrs. Burnett by Brennan &c. bydeed of record in the office of the Clerkct the Bourbon County Court, deedbook.97, page 4, to which reference ismade.Said sale being made to satisfy ajudgment of the Deposit Bank againstW. C. Hester &c, for $1,225 with interesfat 6 per cent per annum fromMay 8, 1911" until paid and also the sumof S15.40 insurance paid by plaintiffand the costs of this action amountingto S95. ;Said sale'will be raade upon a creditcf six and twelve months for equalparts of thejpuichase monev, the purchaser being required to execute bondior equal installments of the purchasenice with good surety to be approvedby the Master Commissioner, payableto said Commissioner, bearimg interest at the rate of 6 per cent, per annum from date of sale until paid andto remain a lien upon the property until fully paid and to have the force andeffect of a judgment.c. a. McMillan,Master Commissioner of Bourbon Circuit Court.15 22 29PUMI6 Mellon-OF-Stock, Crop, Etc.On Thursday, Nov. 7, 1912,I will sell at public auction at the iWalker Muir farm, five miles fromParis on, the Clintonville pike, at teno'clock, the following described property :About eleven hundred shocks ofcorn,4 brood sows to pig January 1.20 tons of oats,1 stack of hav,2 sows and pigs,8 shoats,1 pair mules,1 extra goodjbuggy mare, six earsold,1 two year old gelding by J. V.Broke.1 yearling filly by E. P. W.,1 weanling colt by E. P. W.,1 weanling filly, by Rythmic,1 brood mare, Tyears old. in foal tojack.1 sorrel gelding two jears eld. byE. P. W.s1 fthree year old gelding by PatWashington, nxtra good looker,1 four year old gelding by J. W.,1 gelding. 7 years old, a gocd driver,by Wiggins,2 cows and'calves, one cow will befresh'December 1, good milker, onecow will be fresh January 1,2 yearling steers,All kinds of farming tools, consisting of two good farm wagons andframes, three wakling and one ridingcultivator,12 McCormick mowers,1 McCormick bull rake,1 sulky rake,1 cutting harrow,1 Black Hawk corn planter,1 horse clipping machine,1 steel tire buggy,1 rubber tire bugy, goodas new,1 set brake harness,1 set buggy harness,Hsolid comfort breaking plow,3 lard kettles,1 hoe trough,2 sets wagon gear,4sets of plow gear.All household furniture, also chickens and turkeys.WALKER NELSON.It James McDonald, Auctioneer.Premature Burial.M. Thoinot, professdr of forensicmedicine to the Paris Academie doMedicine, has been lecturing uponpremature burial, an accident the fearof which Is, perhaps, not so prevalentas it was in the days of Edgar Poe.He gave an interesting description ofthe many inventions devised for theavoidance of this, including the insertion of a breathing tube in the mouthof the corpse, which, is broughtthrough the lid of the coffin and projected from the grave. But he declaredthat no precaution was so satisfactoryas that of delaying the burial untilthe signs of putrefaction are apparent.The provisions of the code Napoleon,which ordain that no burial shall takeplace until twenty-four hours afterdeath and inspection by the medicalauthority of the district, are, he said,entirely adequate on this point, andif they are carried out to the full, noone need have any fear of being buried alive..yTHE MAGNET.CAMPAIGN MUDANGERS VETERA"Comrade" Editor's Effort toDistort Democratic Positionon Pensions Rebuked.CIRCULAR TO G, A. R. POSTS.Sought "Means" and "Harsh" Expressions by Wilson Supporters, butFinds Facts the Reverse.Ignoring the fact that the Democratic house passed the most liberal pension bill in the history of the UnitedStates and that it was the Republicansenate that reduced the appropriationthe editor of the National Tribune ofWashington has appealed to grandarmy posts all over the country to supply campaign material for use againstthe Democratic party.Colonel (Sergeant) John McElroy, theeditor, has not met always with theco-operation he desired. This is evidenced by the fact that indignantgrand army men have forwarded hiscircular letters to Democratic nationalheadquarters in New York with theirprotests against the playing of suchpolitics within the old soldiers' organization. Quest For "Mean" Things.Editor McElroy's appeal was sentout, mimeographed, on the letterheadof the National Tribune, with his ownname at the top. The letter read:Sept 13. 1912.ComradeWe are anxious to get the exprosion of editorials on pensions fromihi papers supporting "Wilson In yourneighborhood. Will you kindly look overthr fries of your local papers and send usanything particularly harsh and meanwhich they have published. We want toshow conclusively the attitude of the menwho are supporting Wilson and who willcontrol his administration If elected.Please send these at your earliest convenience, as the time is short Fraternally, THE NATIONAL. TRIBUNE.One of the replies sent to the Tribune "was:Headquarters Cushlng PosfNo. 14, G.A.TLAstoria. Ore., Sept 28, 1912.National Tribune, Washington, D. C:Gentlemen Your communication addressed to me as adjutant of CushingPost No. 14, of the 17th inst I found today on my return from the national encampment at Los Angeles, Cal. Thus thedelay in answering.You wish me to look over the files of ourlocal papers and send you "anything particularly harsh and mean" which theyhave published regarding pensions. Asyou have specified that these "harsh"and "mean" comments must be from papers supporting Wilson 1 must informyou that the papers supporting Wilsonthroughout the state, so far as I havebeen able to learn, are friendly towardthe Interests of the civil war veteransand Indorse the action of the Democratichouse of the United States congress in itspassage of the pension bill in the specialand last session of congress and have nofault to find with Senator Kern for hiseloquent appeal in the senate in behalf ofthe civil war veterans.If you are really looking for "mean"and "harsh" editorials along this line, ifyour object in this search is for the interests of the old soldiers, you will findenough "mean" and "harsh" things inthe papers that are supporting Mr. TaftAnd if you wish to prospect away outhere In Oregon (politically) for other thanpure gold please excuse the adjutant ofCushing Post No. 14, department of Oregon, G. A- R-, in assisting.B. F. ALLEN.WHY TAFT OR ROOSEVELT?Prices of Food Products Have SoaredUnder Them, Yet They Promise Reductions. According to the bulletin of the federal bureau of labor the average priceof a dozen or more of the principal articles of food has increased 50 per centIn the last ten years.The price of flour has increased 39 ,per cent, lard 53 per cent, steak 59per cent, hams 61 per cent, cornmeal63 per cent, rib roast 63 per centround steak 84 per cent, pork chops 80per cent, bacon 06 per cent and Irishpotatoes 111 per cent.During these ten years of risingprices Roosevelt and Taft were at thehead of the government Both of themwant to be at the head of the government again.Does any sane man believe that ifthese men in ten years did nothing toretard the rise of prices which areoppressing the people they would doanything in four years? Rather, judging by the past we should be payingapproximately 25 per cent more thanwe do dow, or 75 per .cent more thanwe did ten years ago.WHY NOT ELECTWOODROWWILSQNGbl&ago Post, Influential Republican Paper, Asks Its Readers a Leading Question.FRAUDS OF PRESENT REGIME.Says the Tariff Has Been Too HighFor a Generation and Must Be Lowered. The Chicago Post, an influential independent Republican newspaper, propounds this question to Republicans:"Why not Wilson?"This question is addressed particularly to Republicans."Governor Wilson suits the Democrats down to the ground, suits allDemocrats who are worthy to be called Democrats. But in an emergencylike this, why should not Wilson suita large part of the Republicans aswell?"Why not Wilson?"Governor Wilson is a thoroughbredAmerican gentleman, not only in theaccident of birth, but in his every ideal.Impulse and principle. That should bethe first requirement of every presidential candidate."Governor Wilson is a tried andtrustworthy executive. His brilliantrecord as governor of New Jerseyproves that"Governor Wilson is an eminentlysane and sensible man. He is an eminently honorable man. He has dignified every place which he has held.He has performed a splendid publicservice by lifting the present campaign out of the riot of mudslingingwith which Roosevelt began It"In every personal characteristic,Governor Wilson is equipped to beany man's president, without regardto whether that man is a Democrat ora Republican. What then, of his political qualifications?"Governor Wilson is and always hasbeen a sensible Democrat, but he isnot and never has been a silly, violentpartisan."Governor Wilson stands for honestyand efficiency in federal administration. So do all save those who profit.by graft and Inefficiency."Governor Wilson stands for thecurbing of trusts and monopolies. Sodo all, except monopolists and their defender, Theodore Roosevelt"Governor Wilson stands for aprompt and steady downward revisionof the tariff. So do nine-tenths of thepeople of the United States."Governor Wilson believes in a moreradical tariff revision than do a largenumber of the rank and file of Republicans. But Governor Wilson isthe only candidate who if elected willpermit the revision of the tariff at all."The tariff has been too high for ageneration. Is it not better to take achance at getting It too low accordingto Republican standards than to letthe known frauds of the present regime continue for another four yearsto rob the public?"Why not Wilson? He will give anhonest a dignified, a capable administration. He will respect the constitution. He will see that the tariff is revised downward. He will curb trusts.He will serve the people."Why not Wilson?"FACTS WORTH REMEMBERING.John D. Archbold, for the StandardOil company, gave $100,000 to Roosevelt's campaign fund in 1904, but refused to "come across" with $150,000more, which -was demanded.J. P. Morgan of the steel trust andother interests gave the Roosevelt fundin the same year $100,000, and did giveup $50,000 moreMr. Roosevelt furiously prosecutedthe Standard Oil company, but he refused to prosecute the harvester trustand the steel trust and gave the steeltrust permission to absorb its only serious rival.6George W. Perkins of the steel andharvester trusts gave $48,000 of theNew York Life Insurance company'smoney to Roosevelt's campaign fundand refunded it when the fact becanupublic.Certain Cure ForNervousDebilityTona Vita Overcomes the TroubleIn a Few Weeks Time.There is a remedy that is absolutelycertain to build up those suffering froma run down condition. This remedy isconsidered the most successful medicine ever sold to the public in thiscountry. It is called Tona Vita and isfast becoming a national Ionic, endorsed by physicians everywhere.If you are debilitated, tire easilv,have little strength or ambition andare nervous and depressed, get a bottleof Tona Vita at once. You will be delighted to feel your old health andstrength returning in a few days'time.If you have lost flesh.note your weightbefoie taking and then get on thescales a week later. You will be astonished. Tona Vita is sold by Ghas. E. Butler&Co.Annoying Honesty.Having vouched for the honesty ofthe woman who wished a situation asscrubwoman, the good-natured manwas subjected to a severe examination by the superintendent of thebuilding."There are degrees of honesty," saidthe superintendent. "How honest isshe?"The good-natured man reflected."Well," he said, "I'll tell you. She Isso honest that if you throw anythingthat looks to be worth a copper intothe waste paper basket you have totag it 'Destroy this' or she will fish itout and put it back on your desknight after night, no matter how badly you want to get rid of it. I don'tknow that I can say anything more.""Nothing more is necessary," saidthe superintendent, and he hired thewoman at once.New Street Car Schedule.SCHEDULE OF THE PARIS CITYCAR IN EFFECT OCT. 1, 1912.Leave LeaveCourt House Station No 556:45 a. m. 7:00 a. m.7:15 a. m. 7:30 a. m.7:4o a. m. 8:00 a. m,8:15 a. m. 8:30 a. m.8:45 a. m. 9:00 a. m.9:15 a.m. .9:30 a. m,9:45 a. m. 10.00 a. m,10:15 a.m." 10:30 a.m.10:45 a.m. 11:00 a.m.11:15 a. m. 11:30 a. m.11:45 a. m. 11:55 a. m.12:05 p.m. 12:20 p.m.1:15 p.m. 1:30 p. m,1:45 p. m. 2:00 p. m.2:15 p.m. 2:30 p. m,2:45 p. m. 3:00 p. m,3:15 p. m. 3:30 p. m.3:45 p.m. 4:00 p.m.4:15 p. m. 4:30 p. m,4:45 p. m. 5:00 p.m.5:15 p. m. 5:30 p. m,6:00 p. m. 6 :15 p. m.p FERNDERS Siiutomobilss E-M-F; j fflm You Waal the Best H,y Not the Cheapest mJCI fe vfeag5ijara-IJ'', --g-x-j--. -- - T.rVifl I "" mi yitt-ti nS:?Suit Against Burley Society.Judge Lewis Apperson, of Mt. Sterling, and Attorney General Garnett, ofFrankfort,' filed suit in the FranklinCircuit Court Friday afternoon againstthe Burley Tobacco Society and theBurley Tobacco Comnany, :of Lexington, for S20.00U alleg'ed to be due theInsuranceDepartment of the State astaxes for transacting insurance business in Kentucky without authoritv. .The suit was brought in the name ofHenry M. Bosworth, State Auditor andMatt H. Clay, of Mt. Sterling. Thesuit grew out of theSociety chargingeach pooler an amount of insuranceupon his product which in the aggregate reached a sum of $277,000. Thissum it'jsjsaid, was turned over to theBurley" Society which assumed the riskinstead of some regularly admittedstoclrcomDany as the law requires.As a result, it is said a great deal ofdissatisfaction arose among the poolerswhoclaim the Society had nu legalright to collect this sum of money.If you have young children youhave perhaps noticed that disorders ofthe stomach are their most commonailment. To correct this you will findChamberlain's Stomach and LiverTablets excellent. They are easy andpleasant to take, and mild and gentleinh effect. For sale by all dealers.J. W. Copeland, ot Dayton, Ohio,purchased a bottle of Chamberlain'sCough Remedy for his boy who had acold, and before the bottle was all used the boy's cold was gone. Is thatnot better than to pay a five dollardoctor bill. For sale by all dealers.PUBLIC SALEOFStock, Crop, FarmingImplements, Etc.Having rented my farm I will, at teno'clock a .m., onWEDNESDAY, OCT. 30, 1912offer at public. sale on the premises,on the Cynthiana pike, about three andone-half miles from Paris, the following stock, croD and implements:About 200 young breeding ewes,bred October 1 ;2 milch.cows ;3 spayed yearling heifers and twosteer calves;1 nice chestnut filly, 3 years old, byForest Uenmark 153 ;1 nice bay filly, 3 years old, by German coach stallion;1 bay colt, 2 years old, by My Star;1 bay filly '6 years old, by Sir Dixon ;1 thoroughbred driving mare;About 60 acres of corn in shocks.If purchaser desires, will furnishwithout charge about 70 acres of grassto feed on until March 1. 1913;1 manure spreader 1 seed drill ;1 2 horse power with circular sawand pumping attachment ;1 McCormick binder i 1 cultivator; 1mower ;1 dump cart; 1 hay baler; 1 cuttingbox;1 potato digger ; 1 potato planter.TERMS All amounts of 520 or less,cash ; above this amount, 6 monthscredit,with negotiable note, bearing6 per cent interest Der annum.E. F. CLAY.Geo. D.fSpeakes Auctioneer.27 4 11 18 22 25 29.Flanders "?.Qn Roadster, 750Don't be alarmed if somebody tells you you can buy an automobilefor less money than the $750 Studebaker-Flanders "20." You can, butyou better not. The Flanders "20" corresponds point by point with thebest and highest priced cars sold. Cheaper cars at every vital point arebuilt on ideas long ago discarded for good cars. Don't take our word forit. Make comparisons and see.The Studebaker-Flanders "20" is a marvel a high grade modern carat a low price. If you pay less you buy much less. And thecheaper cartoday will cost you far more in the long run. The competing car isn'tsold which the Studebaker Corporation, the greatest automobile manufacturers in the world, couldn't reproduce for less money; but we won'tbuild a cheap car, because the name "Gtudebaker" means the best foryour money.If you are content with a car that runs today and dies tomorrow,don't buy the $750 Flanders "20." It will wear for years. Rememberthis the Studebaker-Flanders "20" will outwear 2 to 1 any other carunder $1100 and give you double satisfaction, confidence and comfortinto the bargain.We ccn prove ii Send for new catalogue"S ?, i aDetroit- IVIich.Sonrboii Giraga &Snpply Camiaj-.":The Danger Alter Griplies often in a run down system.Weakness, nervousness, lack ot apptite. energy and ambition, with disordered ilver and kidneys follow an attack of this wretched disease. Thegreatest need then is Electric Bitters,the glorious tonic, blood purifier andregulator of stomach, liver and kidneys. Thousands have proved thatthey wonderfully strengthen thenerves, build up the system and restoreto health and good spirits after an attack of grip. If suffering try them.Only 50 cents. Sold and Deriect satisfaction guaranfoo.-i by Oberdorfer.Here is a woman who speaks fromDersonal knowledge and long experience, viz., Mrs. P. H. Brogan, of Wilson, Pa., who says, "I know from experience that Chamberlain's CoughRemedy is far superior to any other.For croup there is nothing that excelsit." For sale by all dealers. vSpecial RatesLow Round Trip Horneseekers TicketsTo points in Alabama, Florida, Louis-'iana, Mississippi, Arizona, Arkansas,Missouri, New jMexico, Oklahoma,Texas and Kansas on sale first andthird Tuesday of each month, returnlimit 25 days from date of sale.Round trip Winter Tourist iickets toall. principal winter resorts in theSouth on sale Oct. 15th to April 30thf1913, final return limit May 8lst, 1913.For further information, apply toW. H. HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, T. A."Roxie" Davi$!Cbc Insurance JfeentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies,Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137per MM LIUUR!cent. $1,000 to $ioo,oioW. KING & SON,125 Cheapslde. Lexington, Kyv,"s'3MAj. ',.'2THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCTOBER 22, 1912iGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAY137; NIGHT 399."Zbe Borne of Correct Tootwear'DAN COHEN!II : J .' wh esttot )) 1 YP is JGreat FallFootwearSpecialsThisWeek!A grand assortment of smart, nobby footwear, including the latest approved hits ofthis season, that will be appreciated by themost correct dressers.Better Values Never GreetedThe People of Paris.We have convinced hundreds of people ofthe advisability of trading at our store.Let Us Prove ItTo You!Come to us for your Footwear needs foryourself and family and be pleased. Wemake a specialty of Boys' and Girls' SchoolShoes Shoes that will stand hard wear andkeep the foot dry and comfortable.'We Are Now Ready Witha Full Lineof Men's Walk-Over Shoes, including all thelatest styles in all leathers the best moneycan buy.'IDAN COHEN,3361!Vlain St., Paris, Ky.Immmmobmhb a wb mhmmb mmmmMMMWffII(Continued From Page 1)MANY SLEEPING ONESJUSr WAKING UP.test subscription receipt book and commence work among your friends. YouwilljJbeTsurprisedlto learn how 'easilyyou can pile up thousands of votes between now and the.close of the contestand you can easily win a place thatwill entitle you to one of the valuableprizes.Remember that this contest is justan infant as yet'and,that no onehas astart that cannot be" easily overcome.The contest does not close for someweeks to come. That's a long whileand the preliminary skirmish has notyet commenced, to say nothing ot thereal battle. Send your name in todayand be ready for the fray. Get yourcomplete'equipment, a goodly supplyof ammunition, plan your campaign andthen go out and "engage the enemy.'7Take him prisoner and make him ransom himselfwith a year's subscriptionto the "Bourbon News. He'll do it,cheerfully, when he finds that youmean business and intend to land oneof those big Drizes.A MISUNDERSTANDING.There is some little misunderstanding as to herevotes may, be gotten inthis contest. Subscriptions may be secured anywhere. Candidates arenctconfined to their districts or to the twodistricts. They may sacure subscripions anywhere that the mail will takethem at the regular newspaper rate.No matter where the subscriptionscome from, if they are accompanied bythe money, votes will be issued in accordance with the scale.LET YOUR FRIENDS KNOW.There is nothing to be ashamed ofin this contest. If you are going to bea candidate, be one. Don't place yourself on record as being in the receptive class. SAnyone of the prizes arewell worth the time and effort it willrequire to wiXthem. Active, agrgessive, concentrated,energy is the fabricof which success is woven, and so faras known there is no determined Columbusjlooking around in dark cornersto discover concealed talent and forcefulness. Come out in the open and bea candidate with all your heart. Letyour friendsknow'it, and they'll gettheir friends know it. All of whichmeans that the other contestants arebound to know it when they come tosoliciting those friends you have already seen.Regrets for the mistakes of yesterday are vain and constitute a largepartof the stockjn trade of the weakling: "I'll doittomorrow" is a laudable spirit, but "do it now" is muchbetter and the essence of wisdom. Soget busy RIGHT NOW.SCHEDULE OF VOTES,.Oct. 17th to 24th, inclusive.12 Years 272,200in Years 227,0008 Years 183,5005 Years 115,0004 Years 91,0003 Years 67,2002 Years 44,5001 Year 21,8006 Months 10,600PHO-DOTY'S STUDIO, 'OFFICIALTOGRAPHERS.Doty 's Studio has been appointed theOfficial Photographers of the Big Automobile and Prize Capmaign. A picture of each of the contestants will betaken free and the photos of the leading candidates will be published in theNews during the campaign. Secure anorder from the campaign manager andbe the first to have your photo'publish-ed.STANDING OF CONTESTANTS.The list of candidates and the 'number of vote3 each has will be printedin this paper each issue. Votes mustbe in this office at noon previous to theday of publication. Votes coming inafter that time will be published inthe next issue.DISTRICT NO. 1VotesMiss Hazel Duvall 3,750Miss Clara Hamilton 2,650Miss Flora Hill 1,700Miss Matilda James 2,850Mrs. C.P. Bales 2,150Miss Frances Kenney 1,950John Stuart 1.750Miss Mary Gooche 1,950Miss Nancy Metzger 1,950Robfc. A. Rose 2,650Mrs. W. W. Judy 2,125Miss Hazel Wollstein 1,950Miss Cora Bell Rye "' 1,025Miss Ella O'Neal 2,300Forest Thomas ." 1,000Wm. Cooper 1,850Miss Margaret Kenton.... 2,050Clyde Richards 1,825Harry Jones . ' l,Q0OMrs. Lizzie Burke 2,525Mrs. Leer Stout 1,825Bryant Doty 1,450T. J. Judy, Jr 1,225Miss Elizabeth Mann 1,750Charlie Grinnan . 1,000Fred Link 1,800Rudolph Davis 1,925Miss Ida Paynter 3 400Mrs. Ollie Carter 1,700Miss Mary Linville 2,300Miss Sallie Crowe 1 ,475Miss Mary Brown 2,250Ernest Behelar 3,650O. P. Carter, Jr 1,900Carley B. Scott 2,025Wm. Connell 1,250J. D. Burnaugh 1,350Miss .Nora Woods 1,400Miss Mary Lay ton 1,000Miss Elsie Thomas 1,125Lamar Hill 1,075Mrs. Louis Mussinon I,2o0DISTRICT NO. 2.Miss Luella Jones ... 1,750Miss Ada Bivins 1,925Miss Will Davis Judy 2,000Mrs. Lawrence Mitchell.... 1,975Miss Josephine Dettwiller.. 2,175Mrs. Bert Rash 2,300Miss Mary Ligon 1,675Miss Daisy Dettwiller 1,800Mrs. Fraak Bedford 2,075Mrs. Wm. Farris 3,600Thos. W. Wells . . 1,200Frank Sledd 1,650L. W. Mitchell 1,125Mrs. Joe Mock 1,850Miss Mary Shanklin 1,350Mrs. Clark Leer 1,400Miss Ethel Johnson 2,150Miss Myra Booth' 1,350Miss Lucia Butler 1,425Miss Elizabeth Ingels 1,900Miss Lucille Dailey 1,475Miss Alma Duke Jones 2,350Dick McDaniels 1,000Sanford Allen 1,350Everett Thompson 1,000W. V.Shaw 2,150Will Powell , 1,000U. S. G. Pepper 1,275Miss Laura Bell Faulconer 1,050Miss Ida Cumber, 1,175Miss Jennie K. Peterson 1,875Miss Mary Batterton 1,725Miss Lola Gray 1,800Miss Anna D. Clark 1,000Miss Lucille Hopkins 1,000Miss Ruth Soper 1,925Miss Etta Mae Morgan 1,7?5Sidney Burroughs 1,050Miss Laura Smith 1,350Miss Jennie Bramel 1,700Miss Ida Bell Tate 1,250Miss Bessie Ewalt 2,150Miss Lizzibelle Merrimee . . 1,250Miss Margaret Tate 1,000Joe Smith 1.000Henry Kreegel 1,000Guy Stevens 1,000Miss Mary Gorham 2,000Lucian Terrell 1,700Miss Maude Parrish 2,075Tom Kennedy 1,300Miss Estella Godman 1,000Miss Mary Ginn 1,450Miss Lillie Martin 1,750Miss Sarah Thompson 1,275Miss Gumma Hudnall 2,050Miss A. Brown 1,000Miss Rebecca Redmon 1,000Miss Kizzie McDaniels 1,900Roy Turner 1,050Mrs. Margaret Banta 1,875Mrs. Varden Shipp 1,250Miss Hazel Stevenson 1,375Miss Elizabeth Liter 1,000Miss Sadie Clark . 1,000James W. Thompson 1,525Miss Locella Jones - 1,000Wells Jacoby 1,125J. S. Willmocfc 1,000W.J. McWharter 1,000Mrs. Roy Turner 1,000Holt Daniels l,OOoAddress all nominations and communications to the Campaign ManagerThe Bourbon News, Paris, Ky.FILL OUT THIS BLANKAnd mail or bring it to The Campaign Manager, THE BOURBONNEWS, Paris, Ky.Nomination Blank Good For 1 ,000 VotesI nominate mMAddress.as a candidate in THE BOURBON NEWS Great Automobile andPrize Campaign.My Name Is.Address.The name and address of people making nominations will not bedivulged. Only a limited number of nominations will be accepted.It is understood that for each candidate nominated only onenomination coupon which entitled the candidate so nominated toL 1.000 votes, will oe accepted by the uanipaign manager. m25 VOTE COUPONFill out as directed and send to the Campaign Manager, THE BOURBON NEWS, Paris, Ky. Votes cannotbe bought. They must be cut from THE BOURBONNEWS or secured on subscriptions.Not Good After INoverralber 2ndGREAT AUTOMOBILE AND PRIZECAMPATGNThis Coupon will Count for 25 VOTESForDist. NoAddressNITRO GLUBIMWCLUBHELLS..tIi.'.UTL;Ji UHPl v-fcVwJMJ.r.i,,i'imr."? i.W 1 ftllmmakmmm&m&'mmmMmsimjiWmLA&smmMMMm&iimmwTrouble ahead for the"Remington Cubs also the dog.JNew Uub bhot Shells known as the"old reliable yellow shells" for over 50 yearsset the black powder standard.The No. 2 Primer gives a sure, quick, snappyignition seldom found in black powder loads.Or if you prefer smokeless powder, shootIfemingtoti-IMC Nitro Club Steel Lined Shot Shellsfor speed plus pattern in any make of shotgun.REMINGTON ARMS-UNION METALLIC CARTRIDGE CO.299 Broadway .... New York CityMATRIMONIAL.ROB1NSON-IN3KO.Mr. Earl Inako and Miss LucyRobinson, ctiMillerbsurg, were unitedin marriage bp Squire L. J. Fretwellin his private office in the court houseFriday afternoon.Mr. Memphis Richie, of Carlisle,and Miss Effie Mae Snapp, of Saltwell, Nicholas county, were issued amarriage license yesterday afternoonby County Clerk Pearce Paton.Bourbon Farm Sold.Mr. John Ewalt sold yesterday tohis brother. Mr. Sam Ewalt a trast otland on the RuddlesgMills pike, containing fcbout 108 acres at a privateprice. The purchaser in the near futurewill improve the property by buildinga resicence. Mr. John Ewalt purchased of his brother at a private pi ice, anundivided l-3intereat in 31 acres ofland adjoining the property.DEATHS.EfsmmMimammmmmmmj.WAINSCOTT.Mrs. Landrum Plunkett Wainscott,aged 34 years, died Saturday morningof pulmonary tuberculosis at the homeof Mr. Chas. Plunkett on the Greenwich pike near this city. Mrs. Wainscott is survived by her husband, Mr.L. P. Wainscott, and two sons, agedfour and nine years. Mrs. Wainscott,whose home in in Lexington, was 'hereon a visit to her mother, Mrs. RebeccaPlunkett, when the end came. Sixbrothers also survive, all of whom livein"Bourbon, and one sister, Mrs. AnnaButcher, whose home is in Canada.The burial took place at Old UnionSunday, the services being conductedby Elder J. T. Sharrard.PRAKES.Maude Frakes, aged about threeyears, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. FloydFrakes, of.Clintonville, died Saturdavmoining at the home of her parentsafter a short illness of diphtheria. Theburial took place in the Paris cemeterySundaygmorningjwith services at thegiave by Mr. Newton Shropshire.GOODWIN.James Goodwin, Jr., aged 7 years,died Friday morning at the noma ofhis parents, Mr. and Mrs. Jamea Goodwin, on the Clintonville pike, after atwo weeks' illness of pneumonia. Thefuneral services were held at the residence Sunday afternoon at two o'clock.Burial in the Paris cemetery.Appointed Quarterly Court Clerk.Miss Grace Haskins, of near Hutchison, has been appointed by Judge Dundon as clerk of the Quarterly Court ofBourbon county, and she has assumedthe duties of the position. Miss Haskins has been employed in the officeof Master Commissioner C. A. McMillan and is an"efficient stenographer.Insure your Tobacco withTHOMAS & WOODFORD.Thieves Invade Chicken House.Saturday night thieves entered thechicken house at the home of Mr. T.F.Brannon on South Main street, andcarried away thirty-five fine henB, thetotal number of his ock, and leavingonly one rooster. The invaders leftno clue that would lead to their apprehension. New Mail Carrier.MrW.'.F. Brown, ot Fort Worth,Texas, has suceeeded Mr. Henr.v Clayas mail carrier on Rural Route No. 6out of Paris and Mr. Clay will go toFort Worth and carry mail on the routeformerly in charge of Mr. Brown, thechange having been affected throughan arrangement with the Federal authorities. Mr. Brown has rented theresidence of Mrs. R. M. Harris andwill get possession Nov. 1, when hewill move to it with his family.Bourbon Farm Bring Good Price.By the terms of a deal consumatedyeterday, Messrs. N. F. Brent and Edward Burke, of this city, purchased ofMr. Joseph K. Redmon his farm onthe Stringtown pike. nearJLittle Rock,this county. The farm which contains40 acres, was 3old for $130 per acreand a total of 831,000 was involved inthe transaction. The farm was purchased by Mr. Redmon from the estateof the late William Woodford at about$80 per acre, and since making thepurchase made many improvements,including a handsome brick residenceand stock barns. It is onelof the mostdesirable farms in the county.Martha Washington Candy.Every day and Sunday, too, fresh byexpress. Only at Butler's oppositecourt house. 15 4tThe Best Candy Made.Miss Holladay's home made candiesare now on sale at i Bruce Holladay's.15 tfSchool Shoes.Go to Feld's and get your schoolshoes for boys, misses and children.Satisfaction guraanteed. tfFresh Oysters.We receive daily fine freshFat stock and full measure,er. Phone us your order.oy sters.No wat-18 2tS A TIER.For SaleOne pair gond work mules, 6 and 7years old, one good general purposehorse. Inquire at National Five andTen Cent Store.FOR SALE.Thirty thousand Washington cedarshingles cheap. Apply at News office.22 tfNotice.If the party who took the 35 hen3from my place on South Main streeton Saturday night will mail me his orher address I will take pleasure in delivering the rooster they overlooked.22 It T. F. BRANNON.THE FAIR!For Friday OnlyMottled blue and white Coffee Pots,4-qt. size, enamelled covers, best quality, each 39c.Knives and forks, rosewood handles,handles capped and bolstered, someplain, some fancy. 1.60 quality, only98c set.Dinner Plates, plain white, each 5c.About 25 or 30 yards heavy Linolevun, 2 yards wide, will sell anyquantity at 85c per running yard,extra heavy grade.Granite Iron Baking Pans, sidehandles, measure 12) inches acrossthe top, each 10c.Granite Iron Stew Pans, with covers, 2 quart size, only 10c.Pick out just what you want herefor oc 1 box Wire Picture Cord, 2Balls White Crochet Cotton, 6 CardsDarning Cotton, 1 doz. Pearl Buttons,3 sizes ; Chamois Skins, 4 fine LeadPencils, Lamp Shades, all sizes PotCovers, Funnells, Cake Turners,Cream. Whips, Jelly Moulds, Decorated Dessert Plates, Fruit Saucers.THE FAIR.NATIONAL5c and 10c StoreSpecials onWALL PAPER!This WeekWe Will Save VouMoney.Paper Hangers Furnished.First-Class Work Done.Notional 5o end 10o Store,-. pV-