THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY" IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 19121SPRINGSUITSJUST RECEIVEDIn All the Favored Fabrics,Style and Coloring.Exceptional Values.The Simon Department Store,Dri. KrrhirkvIMZtred and found SuiltysiOf Selling the Most GoodsFor the Least Money.Ifi lhs ftrflnnlateri Sturar $1.002 cans good Corn 1 5cGood Bulk Coffee, per lb 22 1 -2cOld Reliable Coffee, per lb A 30c2 1-2 lb. can Asparagus 20cFull qt. can Karo Syrup 1 0cMow Orleans Mnlflssps. rp.r e"al 45c8 bars Lenox SoapS Large - size Mackerekv...:::.sO';or3: f or 25cy Medium size Mackerel 5 cfto 3 boxes Matches ; cW BLUE RIBBON PLOUR) 25-lbSack 70c2? S.O-lb Sack 1 .401 OO-lb Sack $2.75Now, you cannot say that Paris is a high town onM grocers, for everybody is coming to Paris to trade at$ Lenihan's Cash Grocery. They get the same goods forless money.I T. C. LEINIHAN,$ Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234wviAd Early ShipmentOFillillSpring Hats and CapsFORMEN AND BOYSWe Are Showing All Latest Shapes and Colors-1 1 -mmmA Beautiful Line of Shirts atDEATH.A telegram received in LexingtonSaturday announced the death of Mrs.Fannie-Viley Mattingly, which occurred Friday at Marysville, Cal. Herdeath, which followed an optration.was a great shock to friends and relatives in this city and Lexington.Mrs. Mattingly was the daughter ofMr. Willa Viley, of Lexington, andvs as aged about twenty-eight years.She was well known throughout Cenrtal Kentucky and formerly was Mrs.Fannie Viley James, wife of the lateChas. R. Jamed, of this city. She wasmarried to Mr. Guy L. Mattingly lastSeptember and they went to Californiato live. The nature uf hnr illnesswhich necessitated the operation fromthe effects of wheh she died was notlearned.Mrs. Mattingly is survived by herfather, Mr. Willa Viley, and severalsisters and brothers. The latter areW. S. Viley, the well known merchanttailor Mrs. Frank C. Bell, both ofLexington: Mr. Kodes Viley, and Mi&sMary Viley, of Bonner's Ferry, Idaho.Mrs. J. D. Clark is an aunt of the deceased. Mrs. Mattingly was a young womanof attractive personality and a bright,sunny nature which made her a favorite with a lage circle of friends, whowill hear with deep sorrow of herdeath.The body will be brought to Kentucky and is expected to reach Lexington Thursday. Burial will take placein the Lexington cemetery. Furtherarrangements will be announced later.Mrs. Georgia Wright, aged 71years, died at St. Joseph Hospital inLexington about 12 o'clock Sundaynight following a stroke of paralysisand later suffering an attack of pneumonia which was the direct cause ofher death.Mrs. Wright went to Lexington oneweek ago yesterday to consult a physician. Shortly after arriving there shewas stricken with paralysis whilewalking along Main street. Her entire left side was affected by thestroke and the power of speech completely destroyed. Following this attack she was. taken to St. Joseph Hospital where she was given every aidbut later she grew gradually worseuntil the end came Sunday night.Mrs. Wright was the widow of thelate Wm. Wright, and one of Fans'oldest and most highly respectedwomen, greatly admired Jby all whoknew her and has a host of sincerefriends who will mourn her demise.At the time of her death her daughter, Miss Annie Wright, and hernephew's wife, Mrs. Newton Mitchell,were at her bedside.Mrs. Wright formerly resideJ nearthis city, but a few years ago movedto town, where she has since residedat her home on Pleasant street. ShewaB a consistent member of the Presbyterian churcn.She is survived by two daughters,Mrs. J. L. Gay, of Woodford county,near Versailles, and Miss AnnieWright, of Paris. She is also survivedby a brother, Mr. Joseph M. Ryan, ofthis city, and two sisters, Mrs. BenP. Holt, of Paris, and Mrs. John Gass,of Denver, Col. Mr. Newton Mitchellwas a nephew of Mrs. Wright, and wasat his home for a few days before shewas stricken with paralysis.The funeral will be held at her lateresidence on Pleasant street Wednesday morning at 10:30 o'clock, conducted by Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive. Burialat Paris cemetery. The pall-bearerswill be as follows :Honorary Geo. W. Davis, Wm.Clark, John McClintock, Jas. McClintock. Active Newton Gay, Houston Rion,Wm. H. Webb, Newton Mitchell, JoeMitchell, B. B. Marsh.Mrs. Sarah Bryan Turner diedSunday afternoon at the home of herdaughter, Mrs. Walker Muir in thiscity. She had been in ill health forsome time from the infirmities of age,being 89 years old.Mrs. Turner was the widow of Edward Payne Turner andwaB a natieof Fayette county. Of late years shehad been with her daughtere, Mrs, R.D. Greene, of Lexington, and Mrs.Muir, of this city, where her death occurred, utner .cniidren wno survivetheir mother are Mrs. Docia Wiebel',of Nebraska, and Mr. Edward Turnerof Bourbon county.Mrs. Turner was the daughter ofMr. and Mrs Louis Bryan, of Missouri, who died many years ago, andone of the great granddaughters ofWilliam Brian, the first settler ofBryan Station. She inherited thesterling qualities of her pioneer ancestors and was a woman of fine, strongcharacter, leading a consecrated Christian life and being the center of interest and devotion to her family and awide circle of friends.The funeral will take place from theresidence of J. Walker Muir on Vinestreet at 9 :30 o'clock this morning.Services at the grave in the Lexingtoncemetery by Elder J. T. Sharrard andElder Mark Collis. Special car forthe family and friends will leave theinterurban station at 9 :45.Pall-bearera: W. H. Harris, J. Walter Payne, C. T. Kenney, J. W. Davis,J. T. Hinton. W. B. Allen, C. Axm-"WE KNOW HOW "flllll II MilvWe Are Now Offering SpecialPrices onWinterOvercoatsandSuitsCome in and SeeDr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesThey Are the Proper Kind For Spring.iMitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to MenParis, Kentuckyi9 iS7H-3. i-iT- SLE2311 1 II t 111 1 1 1! I IAi Lll I LLlITXIl 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 II 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 II I 1 1 1 1 1 1 11 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 f 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 U M 1 1 1 III 1 1 1 1 1 1 ! I M 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 f I LIFRANK & CO. IThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.Cordially InviteYou to Call and Inspect Our NewSPRING ANDSUMMER STOCKWhite Goods, Linens,Wash Goods, Piques,Hamburgs, Laces,r Ginghams, Percales.Measure forCortie in and Let Us Take YourYour Spring Suit,$ 1 6.50 to $45.00500 Samples on DisplayPRICE 5c 60. 6IOtni6PSm5sr.iA Few of Those Ladies' and Misses' Suits atparger, J. J. McClintock... v Gay Leads ;in Shoot.Therrst dayia shotfor trie $3$00Gun Club, near this city yesterday between Jake Gay. of Clark county, andHarry Kehler, of Philadeplhia, resulted in a victory tor uay by a narrowmargin of 3 birds. The event todaywas for 100 live birds, but a briskwind blowing over the range madeaccurate shooting difficult and out of apossible hundred Kehler dropped 81while Gay made a score of 84. Thematch will be resumed Wednesdaywhen the men will meet in the secondevent. Each day's match carries withit a bet of $500 making a total of$1,500 a side for the three day's match.Sportsmen, from all over the countryFrank' & Co. r iParis, - - Kentuckyibi i mm iiimiMr Hmmnwa stiuimiim u i j uirimmiimmuu minimi HimfiiMmmimuMimni umiiHiH mmtttKiin:il"Iisare in attendance,f'A26THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB. 27, 1912GOOD LIVER REMEDY FREEWhen you suffer from any form ofIndigestion it is always well to take.something for the liver, as usually the-trouble lies there. If you are bilious,liave a bloated feeling after eating, ifyon belch, if your skin is yellowishyou may be sure it is liver trouble.What you need is something to stirmp the liver, to arouse the gastricjuices so that they will aid in the digestion of your food. A very goodremedy for this, and one highly recommended by those who have used-it, is Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin,-which you can obtain of any druggist.at fifty cents or one dollar a bottje.But if you have any doubt about itsmerits, and would prefer to try itfirst, send "your address to Dr. Caldwell and he will promptly send you afree sample bottle.: Thousands of people first learnedof this remarkable cure for stomach,liver and bowel troubles through afree sample. Mrs. Frank Lilly ofPlainview, 111., sent for one and itcured her and she is open in sayingthat she will never take pills or strongcathartics again, as Syrup Pepsin actsso mildly. Mr. W. L. Bryant, thePostmaster at Sardis, Tenn., says hewill never be without it again. Nosick person can afford to ignore aremedy so highly endorsed as this.It is good for all the family frominfancy to old age, because it is mild,free from griping and yet promptlyeffective. Furthermore, results areabsolutely guaranteed or money willbe refunded.For the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building,Monticello, 111.(UsINBourbon LaundryD AVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice.A P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.4tSBourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky.iVLocanda2:02The Fastest Son of Allerton 2:094Sired by Allerton 2:09, the world's leading sire of standard performers;dam Katharina (great brood mare), by Alcyone 2:27; second dam Katie.Jackson; byAlmont 33. Holder of world's pacing record, )4. miles, 3:15.TERMS: $50 TO INSURE A LIVING POAL.Peter Billiken (3) 2:16 1-4Son of Peter The Great 2:07 ,leading" sire of 1 futurity winners, dam Baron Lassie, by Baron Wilkes 2:18.Winnerof 6-heat race against aged horses.Terms: $50 to Insure a Living foal.(2) 2-19Sire of Black Wig 2:07, Remorseful 2:08, Dorcas H. 2:08, Betsy G.2:10K Katherine A. 2:11 (Ky Futurity winner 1902), Bessie Brown 2:i'2,Nedra W. 2:14, Rena Wise 2:15, Sheeney 2:15, Wig Wag 2:16, (champion of Europe) Din-gee 2:19 and twenty-three others in 2:30 list.$25 To Insure a Living Eoal.Thecelebrated James E. Clay jack, will make the season at Maplehurst Stock, 3?arm.ATomMack is the best breeder of mules that euer stood in the county.$12 to Insure a Living Foal.W. A. BACON, Paris, Ky.One of the Many PopufaShapes That We Are ShowingA moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for 4 'The' '.Hat you'll find it in our pres--tenhandsome display of smartmillinery."We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea of-every woman and feel confidentof your securing a 'satisfactorypurchase here. T1 ;Mrs. Corne Watson BairitIndian Killed on Track.Near Rochelle, 111., an Indian wentto sleep on a railroad track and waskilled by the fast express. He paidfor his carelessness with his life. Often its that way when people neglect coughs and colds. Dr King'sNew Discovery will cure them andso prevent a dangerous throat orlung trouble. "It completely curedme in a short time of a "terriblecounh that followed a severe attackof grip,'' writes J. R. Watts, Floydada, Tex., "arid I regained 15 poundsin weight that I had lost.'' Quick,safe reliable and guaranteed. 50cand SI. Trial bottle free at Oberdorfer's. Cod.The catch of cod In the UnitedStates Is third In value of fish caught,amounting to almost $3,000,000, followed by that of shad, lobsters andclams.THE BOURBON NEWSBOTH 'PHONES, 124. . NO. 320 MAIN STREET.SWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and OwnerEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 1881 30 Years of Continuous Publicationeach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,Pu bush ed Every Tuesday and Friday.ONE YEAR,$.00.Payable inSIX MONTHSAdvance$1.00Controlling Fish Industry.Armour'ds hand in the fishing industry, by control of the booth FisheriesCompany, a Chicago corporation, andits subsidary holding and distributingcorporations, premises to add fish andseafoods to other offenders against thehousewife's pocketbook. When meatgoes up in the retail markets fish willnot.be so apt as heretofore'to compete.Ju;t how great a hold the new Boothconcern has upon tho supplies ot freshwater fish in the imddle west, upon thesalmon and halibut catch in the northwest and upon the great salt waterfish trade of Gloucester and Bostonthe public has yet to learn. The Armour control is through an attorneywho is now helping defend the Armourmen in the government's criminal caseunder the Sherman law. The executivehead of the company is a ycung lawyerfrom the office of the Armour representative. At the annual meeting recently the increase of capital was generally reported to be for the purposeof capturing the "T wharf" fish business of Boston but no public referencewas made to the matter in the annualreport and no statement haB been madeconfirming or denying the reports.Fish has been the poor man's reliancefor food in days of high prices formeat and still is" sold proportionatelycheaper than meats. How seriouslythe small fisherman can compete witha monopoly, if one should be createdremains to be seen.Relief from Express Companies.If They Could Only Help.The Flemingsburg Times-Democratcontained the following: "Harry A.Schoberth, of Woodford county, present member of the Legislature fromhis county, has announced his candidacy for Congress from the SeventhDistrict, subject to the snap primary,if it is held. Here's hoping he maybeat Cantrill to a 'frazzle.' "Juggling the Figures.Here is business secret: If you arerunning your con:ern at a big loss, butwish to make the figures show a bigsurplus, simply put off paying heavyhills until after the report of the receipts and expenditures are made upfor the years.This is the system by which Postmaster General Hitchcock put thepostoeffie on a "paying basis," according to charges made by W. D.Brown,formerly a government auditor, whoseexpose of the situation is so obviouslytrue that Mr. Hitchcock has failed toreply.Mr. Brown shows that the allegedbalance of $219,118.12 announced atthe close of the last fiscal year to thecredit ot the postoffice departmentdoes not exist at all, but instead thereis really a deficit of $7,000,000.LaFollette Not Ditched.Hot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on theJtrade. No long waits. You are next.JUL A. KAHAL.$100 Reward $100.The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone ureaueu uisease uiao science nasbeen able to cure in all its stages. andthat is Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Curois the only positive cure now knownto the medical fraternity. Catarrhbeing a constitutional.i.ispase requiresa constitutional treatment. Hall'sCatarrh Cnre is taken internally, acting directly upon ihe blood and mucous surfaces of the system, therebyJ J .t e Jti -fii -i .uesuroying me uuuaauon oi tne disease, and giving the patient strengthby building up the constitution andassisting nature in doing its work.The proprietors have so much faith.in its curative powers that they offerOne Hundred Dollars for any casethat it fails to cure. Send for list oftestimonials.Address F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, O.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.There has been in existence a general conspiracy all over the East seekingto make the people of the country believe that Senator LaFolette is out ofthe race for the nomination for president. The conspiracy was prettylargely successful, because many people believe LaFollette has quit. Senator LaFollette is not that kind, however. He will go down fighting ifnecessary, but he will not run up thewhite flag.The following extracts of a telegramsent by Senator LaFollette personallyto North Dakota Republicans showswhere the Wisconsin senator stands onthe subject of "laying down:,,"The report that I have withdrawnas a candidate is false, and the statements regarding my health are grossmisrepresentations. They are a partof the. pressure brought to bear toforce me from the contest, which 1willingly undertook at a time when noone else could be induced to make thefight."I want delegates who are ready towin, or lose if need be, in the interestof a great cause. Let me through youS3ure the voters of North Dakota that1 shall as always keep faith with themand. shall remain a candidate steadfastto tlje end."A charge of 25 cents instead of $1.32for the delivery of a 11 pound packsgeon rural free delivery routes, is inprospect, as the result of the action oftheJDeraocratic members of the housecommittee on postoffices and postrnadsin incorporating in the appropriationsbill provisions for a tentative parcelspost sytsem. The committee membersalso agreed upon a general domesticrate of 12 cents and a ma'ximum package of 11 pounds. This is the presentinternational parcels post rate.Taft Tariff Board to Go.The Democrats have had suggestedto them a way to kill off the infamousTaft tariff board. The plan is to passthrough the House a bill for the creation of a bureau of tariff statisticsthat shall be responsible to the legislative branch of the government, instead of to the executive branch alone,and that shall investigate and reporton facts at the request of the House,which has authority to initiate revenue measures. There will then be nonecessity for an appropriationjfor thetariff board, premitting thatbody tudie with this fiscal year.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclap barbers. 13 tfPrefers to Carry His Own Gun.In the March American MagazineStewart Edward White tells the storyof the first lion he ever shot. In connection wih his report ot nis advenurehe makes he following interesing commen :"Now the habit in Africa is to letjour gun bearers carry all your guns.You yourself stride along hand free.It is an English idea, and is prettygenerally adopted out there by everyone, of whatever nationality. Theywill expalin it to you by saying thatin such a climate a man should doonly necessary physical work ;and thata good gun bearer will get a weaponinto your hand so quickly and in soconvenient a position that you will loseno time, I acknowledge the gun bearers are sometimes very skillful at this;but I do deny that there is no loss ortime. The instant of distracted attention while receiving a weapon, the necessity of recollecting the nervous correlation after the transfer, very oftenmark just the, difference between asure instinctive snap shot and a lostopportunity. It stands to reason thatthe man with the rifle in his hands reacts instinctively, in one motion, toget his weapon into play. If the gunbearer has the gun, he must first reachto pass it up; the master must receiveit properly . and then, and not untilthen, may go on from where the otherman began. As for physical labor inthe tropics : if a grown man cannotwithout discomfort or evil effects carry an eight pound rifle. he is too feebleto go out at all. In a long Western expenence l have learned never to beseparated from my weapon, and I believe the continuance of this habit inAfrica saved me. a good number ofchances.By This Signyou, knowthat you aregetting theone preparation thathas stoodthe test forover thirtyfive yearsand still remains the Standardtonic-food-medicine,used and recommendedby the medical profes-sion the world over.Scott'sEmulsionis the embodiment ofelements that make forgood healthy andstrength.AW, DRUGGISTS11-23TV ATTTIfclS9, LAWS.. ... . . , '2Nature's laws are perfect it only we ODey mem, due aisease iohows disobedience. Cio straight to Nature tor tne cure, io iuc iuicsi, mere urc mysteries mere,some of which we can fathom for you. Take the bark of the Wild-cherry tree,with mandrake root, Oregon grape root, stone root, queen's root, bloodroot anJgolden seal root, make a scientific, glyceric extract of them, with just the rightproportions, and you haveDOCTOR PIERCE'S GOLDEN MEDICAL DISCOVERY,It took Dr. Pierce, with the assistance of two learned chemists and pharmacists, many months of hard work experimenting to perfectthis vegetable alterative and tonic extract of the greatestefficiency. .Mr.. C. W. Parley, of Millvillc, Calif., writes: "I wislito tell you that I have used your 4 Golden Medical Discovery' in my family for twenty years. We have had 'adoctor called in but once during that time. I have a fami'.jof ten children, all well and hearty, for which, to a greatextent, we owe thanks to you and your Golden MedicalDiscovery ' and ' Pellets,' which we use when sick."Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regulate and invigorateC. W. Pawley, Esq. stomach, liver and Dowels, augar-coatea, uny granules.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBAL1ER.BOTH 'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.Why not you join the great army ofcustomers and burnNow is the time to try a load.Dodson & DentonPARIS. KY.East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both, local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North Middletown, Littlef Rock anRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service. 'The East Tennessee Telephone CoINCOBPORATEDNOTICETO!BUTCHERS AND FARMERS!Market Price I am Paying For JHides:Beei Hides, 10 1-4 to 11 1-2Cents per lb.MAX MLNICK,8th Street, PARIS, KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 374NEW - BARBER SHOP !Modern Equipment,4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite oervice.Jlnnk Langborn- Manicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.augl6tfEast Tenn. Phoe 669Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFOR&Joe. G. Mitchell,Against Fire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies.Phone 162Agent.LOWRY & TALBOTTALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.will not be yours unless youhave a par5 or stove as artisticas it U serviceable. Have alook at the stoves in this hardware rstore. They are brightand attractive and really betterheat mak rs than the ugliestold stove vou ever saw. Prettiness cost uothing either.Plain stoves .cannot be boughtcheaper. 'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB. 27, 1912.Job Printing)WORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!PLANS FOR CHILDREN NOTESTRE J2B RBOffiS orTHEBOURBONMewsAre prepared to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asRIIIHFAHQLETTERHEADS,cards,:CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Great Exposition WillWelcomethe Boys and Girls.Many Special Features for Them, asWell as Reduced Prices ofAdmission.One of the purposes, it may almostbe said the main purpose, for which"The "World in Cincinnati" exposition,to be open in Music Hall, Cincinnati,from March 9 to April G, was organized was to interest Boys and Girls inMissionary work at home and abroad,and to inspire them for Missionaryservice. The promoters are making arrangements to wTelcome boysLet us figure with you onon your next work.Our facilities are the best, havingjust installed iwo 01 uic id, tea i mi-T7 oroved Chandler & Price Job- Presses come around and see themwork.Qur type is new and modernfaces.m Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.rAdvertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.Group of Indians From Carlisle'sSchool, "The World in Boston."and girls of all Churches, and noChurches, to admit them at greatlyreduced rates, and to engage speciallyqualified Stewards and speakers forthem. The Children will find everypart of the Exposition full of thingswhich will appeal to their understanding and interest, and the games andother occupations of children in allcountries will be illustrated continuously by actual reproduction.Boys and girls of fourteen years ofage and under will be admitted to theExposition at reduced prices at anytime. For such the single admissionticket of 25 cents is reduced to 15cents.VOLUNTEERSGreat Exposition Has EnlistedFourteen Thousand WorkersTwo Hundred Churches Are Co-Oper-atingto Make Success of "Worldin Cincinnati."A total of about 14,000 volunteerworkers have been enrolled for "TheWorld in Cincinnati" Missionary Exposition, which will be open in MusicHall March 9 to April 6. The namesof this army of people have been received from more than 200 churchesof Cincinnati and vicinity.The workers are divided into several classes. There are more than5,000 stewards, men and women, bothyoung and old, who will serve in relays and populate the various scenesand sections of the Exposition, explaining to visitors everything thatmay be seen. Most of these stewardswill wear the costume of the countryto which they have been assigned.There are nearly 5,000 Pageant workers also. About half of the Pageantworkers are members of the grandohoir. They will sing the splendidchoruses of the Pageant of Darknessand Light, wearing a suitable costumeand occupying seats in the Pageanthall outside of the proscenium archThe other half of the Pageant workers take the parts of the people o'various foreign lands upon the platform, impersonating American Indians,j Eskimos, natives of Africa, people ofIndia and Hawaiians.There will be at least 1,000 ushers,all men, who will act as guides, doorkeepers and in other ways keep thecrowds moving. In all about 2,500children will be required. Severalhundred of these will be trained toplay the games which the children offoreign lands play, and this they willdo in the different foreign scenes ofthe Exposition, thus illustrating thechild life of non-Christian lands. Allwill wear appropriate costumes.Besides these three groups of children, all of whom are to have workto do in the Exposition proper, between 1,500 and 2,000 are being enrolled to take part in the great finalepisode of the Pageant of Darkness andLight. They will march in a procession down one of the aisles of the Pageant Hall to the platform, where,with all of the other Pageant participants, they will form a part of thegreat closing tableau.MEADOWBROOKf$Ju FARMNOT FOR PRIVATE PROFIT.The cost of the Exposition will bein the neighborhood of $85,000, and ithas been financed by a group ofwealthy men in Cincinnati, who haveadvanced the funds required to payall bills promptly as they become due.This group of men includes some ofthe most prominent citizens of Cincinnati. It is expected the Expositionwill not only pay its running expenses,but enable the men who subscribed tothe guarantee fund to be repaid withinterest at 6 per cent per annum onthe sums which they have advanced.Should a profit remain, it will be turned over to the Missionary EducationMovement for the furtherance of missiouary education."THE WORLD IKCINCINNATI"Great Missionary ExpositionPlanned for Queen City willbe a Memorable Event.SCENES FROM HEATHEN LANDS3 , 4- iInbreeding too much will cause pigeons to "go light,"Persistency is one of the valuablequalities of a good dairy cow.Do not allow the pullets to roost inthe coops where they were raised.The horse that slobbers when eating should have his teeth examined.The experienced pbultryman willbreed only from his best winter layers. Onions, unlike potatoes and otherroot crops, will not keep in a moistcellar.Tile drainage by making the soilfirm, enables earlier cultivation in thespring. ,Low ground drained can be cultivated earlier than high ground notdrained.Prune the currants and gooseberries as soon as the leaves fall, prearly next spring.At this season of the year with thecoming of the fall rains, a dry shelter should be provided for the sheep."Almost every wrong act of thehorse is caused by fear, excitement ormismanagement," said a great horseman. Begin a systematic culling of theflock this month, and get rid of allunpromising birds before cold weather sets in.A da.ry barn can be kept practicallyfree from unpleasant odors, but wenever sav more than half a dozensuch barns.It is just as important that everyhorse should have his own collar allthe time as that a man should wearhis own shoes.Save the small potatoes and imperfect heads of cabbage and other wastevegetables. They will all be relishedby the hens In the winter.Work horses, that have been pushed in the fields all summer shouldnow have the advantage of every hourpossible in the fall pastures.Where a number of horses are keptin the same barn the sides of the stallshould be low enough to allow themto see each other as all horses lovecompany.Let the same person milk the samecows every day when possible, because a strange milker always makesthe animal nervous and affects themilk flow.The first test to be given a newworkman on the farm is to send himout with a team. If he handles themkindly and skillfully he is pretty sureto be a good all-round man.If you find a workman kicking orbeating a horse back him up into acorner and give him a sound lecture.Then watch him carefully and if herepeats the act send him adrift.When a man sends his horse pellmell down hill with a loose rein henot only jars the shoulders, springsthe knees, weakens the nerves, butruns the risk of breaking his horses'sknees.Put new sand on the floor of the henhouse immediately, otherwise it willnot dry out thoroughly before coldweather comes but will remain dampand make the house uncomfortablethroughout the winter.There is no economy in feeding musty grain of any kind to the chickens,even if it can be. had for a quarter ofthe price of good grain. The fowlswill eat it, if other food is withheld,but it is not good for them.In many of the big sheep states thefarmers find it profitable to engagethe professional shearers with a machine. They go about from farm tofarm shearing the flocks singly orhave several flocks brought to a central point.eSheep require different' feeding andhandling from any other animal onthe farm. Even though you are anexperienced sheep raiser, don't gettoo ambitious and try to manage alarger flock than you can keep up tothe standard of excellence.The average depreciation of farmmachinery is reckoned at 10 per cent,per year. A machine shed will cutj this cost at least one-third, or extendthe life of the average machine tofifteen years, where it is now thrownonto the scrap ..pile in ten years.-,:: ty"- -.-,-Will Be Erected at Music Hall FromMarch 9th to April 6th, To BeConducted on Mammoth ScaleBy Experienced People.One can not realize until he hasjeen it the tremendous scope of anExposition such as "The World in Cincinnati" will be. It will be construct?d on a mammoth scaje, like the OhioValley Exposition, and will be entirelydevoted to missions. It will be indeedi World's Exposition, for the ends ofthe earth will be represented in a moststriking way. No ordinary expositionever held in America will present somany unique and attractive featuresis are planned for this one. There isno finer building in America for suchan enterprise than Music Hall. Thewhole of this great building will beutilized, including the splendid auditorium, the annexes and all subsidiaryhalls and spaces. Something is beingplanned for every nook and corner ofthe groat building. The hundreds oithousands who attend will be astonished at the scale on which missions,both home and foreign, will be. presented. Things You Will See.Will people in large numbers attendsuch an Exposition? Most assuredly.The attendance in Boston last springtotaled close to 375,000, and went ashigh as 35,000 on a single day. Therewill be far more to draw and interestthe people than has ever been presented in an Exposition in Cincinnati. TheOhio Valley Exposition drew greatcrowds. Its interest was almost entirely local. "The World in Cincinnati" will converge in Music Hall thelife and problems of the world. It willnot simply appeal to those interestedin missions, but to all.Dispensary Scene, Medical MissionSection, "The World in Cincinnati."Perhaps you have been in Chinatown, in New York or San Francisco,and you have .. ondered what a streetin a real Chinese city would look like.Here you will have it. A Chinesestreet will be reproduced, with its josshouse, its apothecary shop, its Chinesehouses, and its variegated street life.In the midst of it will be a Chinesepagoda. In this street you will seemen, women, and children dressed inChinese costume and so trained thatyou will almost imagine you have beentransported to Pekin or Canton.You have perhaps heard of an EastIndia "bazaar," and have wonderedwhat it was like. Come to the Exposition and you will see one in operation, with all the things which makesuch a place of such vital interest inthe Far East. You have heard muchof the Zenanas of India. They arethe secluded homes of India, wherethe women live the lives of prisoners.j If you were in India and a man youcould never hope to see the inside ofone. In the Exposition you can seeone as it is. and study it at yourleisure.The Korean houses will be a constant source of interest to you. Youj will visit a Japanese home and willj witness native tea parties and the oddcustoms of the people as they greeteach other and go through their courteous genuflections. You will seescenes enacted from Burma and thePhilippines. An African village willhe reproduced, and you will see realidols from India and other lands. Medical missions will be reproduced in amodel hospital, and you will see themissionary illustrating his work ofhealing with living objects. Muchspace will be given to the North American Indians. A delegation of real Indians, may be present from the Government School and will have a part inthe daily program'.HonorXRoIlJParis High Schools,Although the weather has been cold,,and much sickness prevails, the enrollment in the white schools has gone up?to 754, and in the colored schools 352;total 1,106 the largest number theseschools ever enrolled. The attendancetoo, has been excellent. In the whiteschools the average daily attendance-"this month is 615; colored school, 275total 880, against 864 last month.The most important improvement wenotice this month is the very smaltnumber of pupils not doing good workIn fact, the element of worthless pupils has just about been eliminatedThe number of "bad" boys, too, isgrowing smaller each Year. So successfully have we "appealed to the good,,,"found in even the worst boy, that the360 boys enrolled in the white school!have been governed so far this year"with only three cases of corporal punishment. Every department is prosperous. A good honor roll follows l ,HONOR ROLL. 'GRADE 1-B.Hamlet Collier 92, Leonard Fronk 94James Harris 92, Russell Horton 93,.Keller Larkin 90, Purnell Mastin 94,.Eddie Munich 91, Virginia Cahal 95,.Edrie Cook 95, Elizabeth Henry 90,.Margaret Hill 96, Bertha King 91, Elizabeth Lilleston 6, Thelma Payne 93, J.ennie Roberts 90, Hazel Shelton 95, Christine Thomas 96, Ruth Wheeler 93,Katherine Woodward 94.GRADE I-A.Clara Himes 92, Sallie Steagall. 90,.Florence Hedges 90, Virginia Hancock95, Mary Feebeck 90, Elizabeth S. Carter 92, Mary Frances Burns 93, MaryMartin Adcock 94, Nannette Arkle 93,.Paul Thompson 92.GRADE II-B.Charles Paggitt 94, Charles Owens90, Eva Chappell 94, Ann R.Durcan 93,Elizabeth Johnson 91, Frances McCarthy 94, Julia Masterson 90, Emeline?Kearns 93. Frances Wilson 94, Catherine Wills 91.GRADE II-A.Isabel Atlas 92, Elmer Burnett 93,Macie Saloshin 91, Joseph Crawford 91,.Herbert Myers 94, Shellie Story 90,RoyBurley 90, Hilda Taylor 92, Matilda.Roberts 90, Hazel Myers 95. lailEXPOSITION RESTAURANT.There will be a well-equipped, restaurant at "The World in Cincinnati''exposition, to be given at Music Hall.March 9 to April 6. It will be.under the direction and managementof those who have had experience inproviding for large numbers of people.It will probably be located at one endof the "Hall of the Home Land." Visitors from put of town will find it totheir advantage, especially, to remem-ber that they may obtain their luncheon or dinner at a first-class restaurant, paying moderate prices, without, leaving the exposition. . -.GRADE III-B.Virginia Dundon 97, Alma LouiseGoldstine 97, Rankin Mastin 97, SidneyA. Linville 96, Dorothy Harris 96, Robert Horton 93, Bessie King 91, Mildred.Brannon 90, Mamie owlef 90, ThelmaThomas 90.GRADE III-A.CJeraldine Herrin 95j Julius Herrick:94, Raymond Stamler 94, James Amsparger 94, Pearlie Ritchie 94, VernaTurpin 94, Virginia Thompson 93, Elizabeth Wheeler 92, Llewellyn Hughes 92Collins Hall 92, IViattie Whaley 91,Elizabeth Stewart 91, Hiram Morrow91, Mattie Pennington 90, Robert Hall90, Ethel Florence 90, Mattie Lee Scott90.GRADE IV-B.Lutie Crowe 93, Nettie Dykes 91,.Blanche Hughes 90, Margaret 3nellElizabeth Snapp 92, Bessie Lee Snapp-91, Mattie A. Wesselman 92, LenaCook 90.GRADE V-B.James Parker 90.GRADE IV-A.Christine McCord 94, Oliver McCor- 'mick 94, Charlotte Henry 92, Albert;Stewart 92, Ussery Taul 92, Rene;Clark 91, Aera Bishop SO, Robert Slattery i 0, Bryan Doty 90.GRADE V-A.Madge Taylor 95, Yancev ChappelF90, Richard Sterling 92, Mattie King 91,Lucille Godman 93, Hattie Neal 91,Martha Settle 97, Palmer Myers 94,Preston Bales 95, Jennie James 90, VailBaldwin 90, Grace Snapp l;l, Ida Anderson 93, Ada Myers 92, Eima Arkle.90, Mary Leech 91.GRADE VI-B.John Clay 95, Fannie Heller 94. Johi3Brannon 90, Vernita Baldwin 93, Eleanor Lytle 94, Bessie Newman 91. Harold Hufnagle 90, Elise Varden 95,Blanche Chapman 90, Turney Clay 96Elizabeth Clark 90. Edna Snapp 95,Thomas McClintock 90, Maude Talorr96.GRADE V1I-A.Pearl Brown 96, Julia Fitzgerald 94rEthel Harper 94, Edith Bobbitt -92rBess O'Neill 93, Gertrude Lusk 91Rosa Gifford Mary Bratton 91,Elizabeth Galbraith 91.GRADE VI-A.Forrest Letton 94, Elizabeth Best,92,Emma L. Barley 92, Edith Harper 93Vallette McClintock 90. Luther B;shop92, Henry Wesselman 91, Ruby Elder94.GRADE VII.Fithian Arkle 92, John T. Redmon 94MinnieKiser 90, Hattie Hughes;5 9GUElizabeth Ho ton 90, Frances ' Settle91, Catharine Meglone 91, MarvKearnss92, Evelyn Friedman 93, Elizabeth Hail93,GRADE VIII.Lona McCord 93, Elizabeth Kenney95, Kimbvough Duvall 95, HazeBMorris 95, Marian Cram 91, JuliansJames 94, Edyth Hancock 90, EmmettCurtis 93, Catherine Patrick 90, MarianAlexander 93. "jHIGH SCHOOL.SENIORS. VElsa Heller 99, Mary Snell 96 Merritt Slicer 89.JUNIORS.. .Clarence Harney 9S, Duke Brown 9S, -MaudeFitzpatrick 91, Olive Taul 92Clara Chambers 96, G. C. Thompson?,;E. Dickerson 97. x -SOPHOMORES.Edna Keller 96. Jo Letcher 9K, EMyall 98, Mable Arnold 92, Sello Wollstein 95, C. Renick 95, J. Horton 92Hazel PaynterJ 90, Beatrice Chapmar95, Gertie Turpin 91, Malvina Sharors95, Eli Friedman 98,' Hazel Duvall 96Ruth Chambers 92, John Ardery J0.. FRESHMEN.Katherine Kenney 91, . Eilen Henry.94, Elizabeth Renick 94, Charles Spears91, Robert Mitchell 91. Edward McShane, 94, Dennie Kennedy 94. Gertrude Slicer 95, Grace McCord LinaCrowe 98, Jo Lynch 9X Riumcnti LinS90, Elizabeth Brown 90.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB. 27, 1912i ii11;5i r i1 1 1rv,iW,i f!!I'f 7I5IP !11' 1!m1lRASSJENFOSS' SUB-DIVISIONSALE FRIDAY, MARCH 1 .The sale of Rassenfoss'sub-division, which was postponed from February 21st,on account of the weather,wiH be held on Friday, March1st, at 10 o'clock, a. m., rainor shine, without fail. Comeout.THE FAIR!On Friday NextSheet Iron Biscuit Pans, 14inches long, be each.Enameled Steel Dish Pans, the14-quart size, - at each 25c.iEnameled Steel Chambers,child's size, 1st quality goods,each 9c.Brooms, best 25c broom on themarket, each 19c.Wall Paper, rich patterns, andgood quality, 10 bolts sidewalland 20 yards border to match,actual cost 1.10, special forFriday, the lot for 69c.Floor Oil Cloth, 35c grade, at29c yard.Ink Tablets, 2 for 5e.High - grade Envelopes, xxxquality, 50 for 5c.Fruit or Ice Cream Saucers, 2for 5c....THE FAIR...Not Charles Jones.The negro suspected of being themurderer of Bertha Courtney, whoseheadless body was found in a sewer atNorwood, O., held at the Paris jail,is not the man according to the Cincinnati police, who is wanted for thecrime. A picture of the negro wastaken and sent to the Cincinnatiofficials which disclosed the fact thathe was not Chas. Jones. The negrowhen arrested here gave the name ofWill Jones and answered in many respects to the description of the negrowanted in Cincinnati. He is serving asentence for carrying concealed weapons. It is the opinion of the policethat he is guilty of some crime as hedisplays extreme nervousness whenclosely questioned, and bears everyevidence ofbeing of a criminal nature.Saves One Half.Save one half your clover seed andinsure a stand. See the clover seeddrill oh sale by Yerkes & Prichard. Itwill do it. 9 8tTraction Depot Damaged.A heavy rain and wind storm sweptover this city Sunday night but littledamage resulted. At the tractiondepot at the corner of Fifth and Highstreets the windblew down a shedwhich had been constructed over theplatform in front of the freight department, carrying with it a largenumber of brick from the top of thebuilding. A force of men were immediately employed in repairing thedamage.Fine Farm Sold.The Reynolds farm on the StonyPoint pike, containing about 500 acres,has been sold by L. H. Reynolds, ofLittle Rock, to Mr. J. T. Brock, ofWinchester. The farm adjoins that ofMr. E. K. Thomas and the price paidis said to be in the neighborhood of$57,000 or $114 per acre. This is oneof the best bodies of land in this section of the county and is in a finestate of improvement. Elder Reynoldswill move to Winchester where he haspruchased a residence and will giveMr. Brock possession of the farmabout March 1.Call Meeting oi Fiscal Court.A call meeting of the Bourbon, Fiscal court was held Friday morningwith Judge Denis Dundon presidingand Magistrates L. J. Fret well, E. P.Thomaaon,, Roger H. Burris, O. BLloyd, B. F. Stipp and George K.Redmon present. The committee appointed to settle with Sheriff A. S.Thompson for the year of 1911 madeits report which waa accepted andordered made of record, and duplicateassessments for the year of 1911 onBourbon county property to theamount of nearly S12.000 were allnwprlas a credit tothe sheriff. The following sheep claims were allowed by thecourt and ordered certified to theAuditor of Public Accounts or payment; Sallie B. Bishop, $25; J. E.Boardman, $5, and J. C. McDaniel,$35Public Speaking.Hon. J. Campbell Cantrill will speakat the courthouse in Paris at 1 :30o'clock p. m., on Monday, March 4, inthe interest of his candidacy in theDemocratic Congressional Primary,March 16. 27-2tAttractions At Lexington.MAUDE ADAMS.Maude Adams comes to the Lexington Opera House Thursday, February29, in her magnificent production of"Chanticler." The company numbersa hundred people and is a magnificentproduction."THE SPRING MAID.""The Spring Maid." the newest ofViennesse Operettas, from whichharmonious ripples have spreadthroughout the country since its musicand merriment were first heard in NewYork last year. This production coiuesto the Lexington Opera House Fridayand Saturday and Saturday matinee,March first and second. The new firmof Werba & Leuscher are assuring aperformance of brilliance. For thepima donna role they have brought tothis country, Mizzi Hajos, the fascinating Hungarian, who created thepart in Vienna. The great SpringMaid Orchestra, which plays a largepart will be a component.Change Conductors.Capt. Phil Price, who has been theconductor on the commuter train between Lexington and Cynthiana, willmove to Richmond where he will reside and run from that city to Rowland. Capt. Brady is in charge of. theCynthiana commuter, and may holdthe place permanently. He has been arfeight conductor on this division for anumber of years.Installs Private Electric Plant.Mr. Albert Lyons has installed inthe rear of his saloon on Main street aprivate electric plant which was putin operation Saturday. The plantwhich has a generator with a capacityof 250 lights is operated by a keroseneengine, and supplies lights for thesaloon and the boarding house of Mrs.1 Maria Lyons, in no wise taxing thecapacity of the machinery, and at anestimate cost of thirty-four cents perday.Large Eagle Killed.Mr. Wililam Rose killed a large greyeagle on the faim of Mr. C. M. ClayFriday that was one of the largestever seen in this section. The birdmeasures seven feet seven inches fromtip to tip.Turney 's Horses Show Well.Amos Turney's string of runners,quartered at theBenning track, accordinfg to a dispatch from Washington,is one of the best bunches at thecourse.The Turney barn houses sixteen,ten of which are juveniles. In theolder division are Theo. Cook, S.g,Cliftonian, Beau Chilton, King Commoner and My Fellow.The aggregation of two-year-olds isa splendid one from a breeding pointof view. Needless to say that the collection is one of praticularly good individuals. Mr." Turney has kept &breast of the times in breeding, selecting and developing colts and fillies ofexcellent conformation.William Martin, who is in charge ofthe string, has been associated withMr. Turney for a number of years. Heis a conservative horseman, and it issafe to reckon ;the Turney silks willplay an important part when racingj gets under way.Dies Suddenly o! Apoplexy.Mr. Stephen C. Houston, a prominent farmer of this county, died at hishome on the Cynthana pike, a fewmiles from Paris Sunday eveningabout 6 :30 o'clock, ss a result of astroke of apoplexy. His death wasentirely unexpected and a decidedshock to his family and friends..Mr. Houston was in apparently hisusual god health and during the daySunday was not heard to complain.Sunday evening after supper he wasseated before the fire at his home engaged in conversation with his wife,when he complained of his head hurting, and remarked that he believed itwould kill him. Suddenly he fell forw ard from the chair and expired immeliately. Mr. Houston is survived by his wife,who was formerly Miss Collins, adaughter of Mr. Al Collins, of Jacksonville, and five children two sons,Albert and Goebel Houston, threedaughters, Misses Lizzie, Carrie andRuby Houston all of whom residedwith their parents.The funeral will take place at thefamily residence on the Cynthiana pikethis morning at 11 o'clock. Servicesby Elder J. T. Sharrard. Burial atJacksonville cemetery under theauspices of the I. O. O. F. Lodge.Pall-bearers : John Buckley, J. W.Stevens, W. C. Dodson, C. J. Lancaster, Joseph Farris, Geo. M. Rose.Special Commissioner'sSaleOF-LANDBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Will be Installed Tonight.Rev. George Harris, the new Rectorof St. Peter's Epicsopal church inParis will be installed in his newcharge this evening by Bishop Burton,of the Lexington Diocese, assisted byRev. J. M. Maxon. of Versailles, andDean W. T. Capers, of the Cathedralat Lexington, the latter preaching thesermon of the evening. The public iscordially inited to be present.r Cupid's Searchlight .Lights The Way To ThisH'- Store The Homefitters' Buying Headquarters!The store where things you want are waiting for you just the things to makeyour home the coziest home in Paris. Prices the sort to pSease terms of paymentarranged to meet your demands.Cupid's searchlight reveals your home at A. F. WHEELER'S Furniture Store during our February Clearance Sale, which closes this week,IViarcflV;2.RANGESme of.ve a nice.arisesand Cook Stovesat prices thatwill he worthyour while to see.Cook St:oves9$10.75Ranges $5 up.For the BabyGents9Call Extended Elder Ellis.By a unanimous vote of the congregation of the Paris Christian churchat the services Sunday morning a callwas extended to Elder W. E. Ellis pastor of the Christian church at Cynthiana to the pastorate of the churchhere, to fill the vacancy occasioned bythe resignation of Elder Carey E. Morgan several months ago. After theclose of the services Mr. W. O. Hinton, a member of the official board,announced that after mature deliberation and careful consideration, during which time the board had considered the qualifications of a number ofministers with a view of recommending a pastor to the congregation, thebeard had decided to submit RlrWEllis for their aDDroval. Elder Ellis isa graduate of Transylvania College,Lexington, and is a man of scholarlyattainments. For the past nine yearshe has been the pastor of the Cvnthi-ana church. His decision is expectedwithin a few days, and it is expectedhe will accept the call.Thos. Henry Clay, Jr., as StatutoryGuardian of Jennie Connor, andOthers, on Petition.Under and bv virtue of n i normonfj of the Bourbon Circuit Court renderedin the above styled action, the undersigned Special Commissioner of thesaid Court will sell at public auction tothe highest and best bidder, at thefront door of the Bourbon county courthouse, in the city of Paris, Ky at orabout the hour of twelve o'clock, r.oon,onilGNDAY, MARCH 4, 1912,! the following described property:A certain tract oi land situated inBourbon county, Kentucky, on thewaters of Strode's creek, and boundedas follows: Beginning in the middle ofthe Paris and Winchester turnpike atL, a corner to Matt Bedford and Mrs.Mariah Hildreth; thence N. 14 W.11.91 chains to K, a point in the middleof said pike;thence N. 16J4 W. 3. 56 chainsto J, a point in the middle of same;thence N. 2 W. 2.80 chains to I, apoint in the middle of same coiner toThomas Henrv Clay; thence leavingthe pike N. 85 W. 2.07 chains to A, aniron post corner to said Clay; thencewith his line S. 12 W. 2.01 chains to B,an iron stake; thence S. 53 W. 1.73chains to C, a stake on the east bankof Strode's creek; thence up said creekon the east bank thereof as it meandersS. yz W. 4.30 chains to D, a stake onthe east side of a box elder; thence S.19 W. 9.70 chains to E, a stake on theeast side of an elm; thence S. 20 W.4.61 chains to G, corner to Matt Bedford; thence leaving the creek withsaid Bedford's line N. 68 E. 14.72 chainsto the beginning, and containing 15.27acres of land.The above tract of land has on it thehereinafter named improvements, viz:a substantial frame dwelling of sixrooms and two halls, one barn, onecabin, smoke house, hen house andother outbuildings.Said sale will be made upon a creditof six and twelve months for equalparts of the purchase money, the purchaser being required to execute bondsfor equal installments of the purchase;price, with good security thereon, to beapproved by said Special Commissioner,oayable to said Special Commissioner,bearing interest at the rate of six percent per annum from date of said saleuntil paid, having the force and effecto fa judgment, and to remain a lien onthe property sold until fully paid.C A. MCMILLAN,Special Commissioner Bourbon CircuitCourt.Talbott & Whitley, Attorneys.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.(3-10-17-24feb-2mar)ThiAdvertisementsUnless you DON'T CARE about whatyou Buy, the Price Vou Pay or the SQ Quality of goods you get. We haveZthe best Stock of Groceries in Paris, 20 because we sell more, and conse- Squentfiy buy more frequent than the Zm other f eSIow. SSPRING GOODSSeed Potatoes, the best in the world, Onion Sets andGarden Seeds of all kinds, Flower Seeds, &c. All kindsof Fresh Green Goods.MONEY JN EGGS"Try our celebrated Busch's Poultry Food it makes thehens lay whether they want to or not. We guaranteethis Poultry Food to do the work or your moneyrefunded.Highest Market Price Paid for Country Produce.HOIVIE-KSLLEO IV3EATSWe pride ourselves on furnishing the best of all kinds offresh meats. None but the best handled. Special attention given to this branch.1 1 1 SPECIAL NOTICE IIIWe wis I dug3Sicate Anybody's Pricesand Vosiar Credit Ss Good for 3 Oays!The Up -Tow si Grocer, South fVfelrs St.Both Telephones No. 7$16.75Solid Oak Mission TableSecret Drawer,highly polished.During Sale $9.75.RUGS!We have been thetalk for Rugs.9x1 2Seamless VelvetRug$16.00A. F. Wheeler Furniture Company,Main Street, Paris, KyCHAS. GREEN, Mgr.Opp. Court HouseInterest in Proposed Service.Interest in the proposed intfcrurhanmail service between this city andLexington seems to be growing, andMr. Sherman Stivers, of Lexington,wa3 in the city several days last weekcirculating a netition which wn?liberally signed by the citizens ofParis. The mail service betweenParis and Lexington'is not at all satisfactory to the patrons here or at pointson the interurban line, and it isi thepurpose of the people who have thematter in charge to have the Government send inspectors here and workout-a schedule that will be an improvement over the present one. Similarpetitions are being circulated in othercounty seats on the interurban system.Buys Fine Stallion.Mr. W. A. Bacon, of this city, purchased at the sale of the KentuckySales Co, in Lexington, the finely bredstallion, Peter McGormick, by Peterine ureac, consigned by Little and McCormick, of Mt. Sterling. The stallionwill be placed in the stud of Mr. Baconon Maplehurst farm.FRUIT AND SHADE TREES !Strawberry Plants, GrapeVines, Asparagus, Rhubarb, Roses, Pansies andFlox Everything for theOrchard. Lawn andden. Catalog free. Noagents.Ii F. Hiilenmeyer & Sons,Lexington, KentuckyA Cure or Hog Cholera.If your hogs are sick come in and?Let Lau8,hlin 3 Cholera Cure, and 'curethem. The best farmers in Bourboncounty will tell you it cures. For saleonly byCHAS. E. BUTLER & CO.,' :- -Drugo'ist20 tf ' ,0pp. i Cour:t,Houser.Earf3THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB. 27, 1912m BOURBON NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGToday Only.Fifteen cent madras at 11 cents peryard at the Simon Department Store.Eggs Take & Drop.Eggs on the local market were rel i ing yest rdsy at 25 cents per dozen,a drop of two cents since Saturday.Saves OneHalf.Save onejhalf your clover seed andisure a stand. See the clover seedcrill on sale by Yerkes & Prichard. Itv. 11 do it. 9 8tSale Postponed.On account of the disagreeableweather the sale.of Mr. Liloyd Asharst,which was advertised for the 22nd,was called off and will take place onMarch 12.For Sale Cheap.One "Leer System" file.In goodfor cash,tfcondition. Will sell cheapipply at News office.When You Pass Our Window.Take a look in on the beautiful"lanhattan shirts just arrived for-Mring. 1.50 to 2.50.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Will Lay Conerstone Wednesday.The cornerstone to the new government building at Winchester will beaid Wednesday afternoon, Februaty2 at 3 o'clock. The ceremonies willbe conducted by Winchester Lodge No.J J, P. & A. M. Invitations have Deenextended lodges of adjoining towns toparticipate in the ceremonies.Sucrene Feeds.Kich in fat and milk. For asle byDODSON & DENTON.Shirts to Measure.In our custom shirt department wefit the hard to fit and guarantee a fit.Shirts to measure from 52 to $7.50.J. W. DAVIS & GO.Fine Sorghum.Extra fine home made country sorghum. Both phones doG.J. H. BATTERTON,Corner Main St. and F. & C. R. R.The Wrong Man.A negro supposed tobe "Billy deKid" who killed a man at a railroadcamp in Harrison county last August,arrested in this city by Deputy SheriffJ. 0. Marshall and take. to Cynthiana several weeks ago proved to bethe wrong man and has been releasedby the Harrison authorities.OatEquaI.f We now have the sole agency forOat-Equal, the celebrated horse, muleind cow feed. .Give it a trial.Iz YERKES & PRICHARD.Fine Sorghum.Extra fine home made country sorghum. Both phones 336.J. H. BATTERTON.Corner Main St. & F. & C. R. R.Fresh Fish:Reelfoot Lake fish fresh today.LOGAN HOWARD, gDogs Attack Sheep Flock.A flock of sheep belonging to Mr.H. M. Wagoner, were attacked by a;jiiek of dogs on his farm near Ewalt's'.russ Roads Wednes day morning, andrr.fore they could be driven off sixteen of the flock had been killed andHiirteen injured. The dogs passedThrough a field of Mr. J. H. Ewalt,.using one sneep ueiore tney were ;iinally driven away from the neighbor-jt.nvd.Field Seeds.We are headquarters for timothy,I- ver and alsike seeds. See us beforeMir.g. Both phones 14.. ' 4t CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.As a Preventive for Chilisi'ry on, of oar spring top ccats Gr.rhardmEs. A besuiiful iot of select jii $10 to $30. IJ. W. DAVIS & CO. j(. an(j iss Sarah Goodloe Benton, Win-L2nd Sale. tchestre;Mr. Arthur Hancock and Miss, xr iioo.,v ' Kate Alexander,vuctioneer M. F. Kenney so.d batur- Araonff those present were: Misses: for ;Special Commissioner C. A. I M Woodford, Rachel Wiggins, Eliza-'loMillin - the Massie larm on the ; bethJEmbrV) Mary Fithian Hutchcraft, '.o-Mrtie Mills pike containing 249 , Martha Ferguson, Elizabeth Steele,1i.:tt& to Connell Bros., for S101.2o r 1 Carolyn Roseberry, Katherine Davis,:;ore. At the same time and place he , Hen power Helen Frank. Elizabeth ."id for Master Commissioner idcMill-; (5rutcher, Loiine Butler, Kate Alexann 52 1-2 acres of the Mrs. Mary der Sara Goodloe Benton and Katherine SKogers farm on Cane Ridge to Led-. Wij con Winchester, with Mrs. Withers ;uwn Talbott at $110 per acre and about j DavjQ Kaflierme Withers and Kate 'i: acres of the same farm to Sidney w j,pv Lexington, with Miss Martha'. Clay at $90 per acre.Before the Mid Season RushIn our tailoring department come in iand avail yourself of an early selection, it is advantageous to you, as youret the first choice of the handsomerline of foreign fabrics ever shown.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Tobacco Cotton.Ail grades at low pricesSimon Department Store.at theRASSENFOSS'SUB-DIVISIONSALE FRIDAY, MARCH 1 .Tho calo nf RassenfossSUb-division, Which Was pOSt-PCnd from February 21 St,;charies McMillan, Mr. and Mrs. Johnu f tU. oyaJhor Yerkes, Mr. and Mrs. Henry May, Mr.On aCCOUnt Of the Werner, nedLK's Amos Turney, Mr. and Mrs.Will be be!d On Friday, March white Varden, Mr. and Mrs. Carl-f . . ? r, m rain , Wilmoth, and Dr. and Mrs. M. H.1st. 2t 10 O ClOCK, :a. m., ain wm" . c Ferguson.Or Shine, without fail. Come;Maurice Burnaugh, Lexington; Mr.1 ' Ford, Georgetown; B. A. Hancock,PERSONAL MENTION.Miss Rosina Elder is the guest ofMiss Mattie Elder in Richmond.M iss Rachel Wiggins has returnedfrom a visit to friends in Covington.The Aid Society of tne Presbyteiian church will hold an all day meetingtoday.Mrs. C. E. Wilmott, of Lexington, is visiting her daughter, Mrs. E.T. Hinton.Miss Nannie Miller left Friday fora visit to her niece, Mrs. Sterling Cooper, in Mobile, Ala. 'Mrs. George Ellis is sufferingfrom an attack of grippe at her homeon Cypress street.Mrs. H. Clay Howard has returnedfrom a visit to her sister, Mrs. Powers, in Flint, Mich.Miss Marguerite Douglas has returned from a visit to Mrs. ArthurBarry in Lexington.Mrs. Rudolph Davis has returnedfrom a visit to her mother, Mrs. Maryru'. Howse, in Carlisle.Mr. Elmer Thompson, of Maysville, was the guest several days lastweek of friends in this city.Miss Beulah Ingram returned toher home in Maysville Saturday aftera visit to Miss Frances Butler.Messrs. Rudolph Davis, P. A.Thompson and Clarence Weatherall returned Friduy from Atlanta, Ga.Miss Christine Bramblett has returned from a visit to her sister, Mrs.Carl C. Robbins, in Winchester.Mr. and Mis. B F. Adcock havereturned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs.James Woodward in Winchester.Miss Mary Walker has returned toher home in Louisville after a visit toher brother, Mr. Thomas Walker, inthis city.Mrs. Carrie Innes Fisher left Saturday for Tucson, Ariz., to be withher son, Mr. Jospeh Innes, who isseriously ill.Mrs. Minnie Green and daughter,Miss Mary Neal Green, of Richmondare guests of Mrs. Ed. Keller on SouthMain street.Miss Corinne Collins returned Friday from Detroit, Ann Arbor and Cinch mti where she has been visiting frseveral weeks.Mrs. James Ferguson, who hasbeen ill for several weeks, hab beentaken to St. Joseph Hospital, Lexingo , tor treatment.Miss Genevieve Mahaney, of thiscity, has been the guest for the pastweek of Misses Matilda and AliceBrannon in Lewisburg, Mascn county.Mr. J. H. Lettcn, Jr.. formerly ofthis county.cachier of the first National Bank, of Jackson, is ill at the homeof his father in Lexington withtyphoid tever.Mr. and Mrs. Chaa. B. Ectnn, Jr..and daughter. Miss Maude ElizabethEcton, of Winchester, are guests otMrs. Ecton's father, Mr. LloydAshurst, near this city.Mr. Thomas Walker entertainedwith a Five Hundred party Fridayevening in honor of his sister, MissMary Wakler, of Louisville. Theparty was at the home of Mrs. MaryIreland Davis on Duncan avenue andwas a very enjoyable affair.Mrs. W. M. Shobe will return tc-1morrow to her home in Salem, N. J. , jnit til sevciai wcerva viaiL iu iieiparents, Mr. and Mrs. J.: H. ButlerShe will bejaccompanied by Miss RuthShobe, of Bowling Green, who willspend the remainder of the winter inNew Jersey.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Bacon will return this week from an extendedbridal trip. They have had a delightrul visit to New York, Boston andother eastern cities. They will be athome to their friends at Mrs. BriceSteele's until they get possession ottheir new home on Cypress streetrecently purchased of ?Mrs. HattieStevens.The Cotillon Club gave another of!its charming dances Thursday eveningat the Ekls Hall. The ball room waslovely in its decorations of Hags, redand white protkrs covering the win-cows. The chandeliers were graceful-lv draned in smilax.The cotillon was led by Mr. andMrs. John Davis and was a delightfulsuccess. The grand march was especially pretty and most gracefully carried out.Mrs. Davis was beautiful in a daintynikn chiffon gown. The honor coupleswere Mr. and Mrs. John Davis, Mr.and Mrs. Samuel Clay, Mr. and Mrs.James Duncan Bell, Mr. Charlton Clayand Miss Elizabeth Steele, Mr. SquiresFerguson, Frances McUlelland, Lexington, with Mrs. Wade Whitley.Messrs. Charles Fithian, Jim Buckner,William Tavlor, Fay Ardery, HughFerguson, Will Kenney Ferguson,Charlton Clay, George Williams Clay,Reuben Hutchcraft, James L. Dodge,Woodford Buckner, John Wiggins,Harmon Turner, Tom Walker, EdwardRav Prewitt and WallerSquires, Winchester. George and Hugh jSnnrr. Lexington. The following mar-;ried couples also participated in thedance: Mr. and Mrs. Ford Brent, Mr.,i Mrs f.harlton Alexander, Mr. andMrs. Sam Clay, Mr. and Mrs JamesThompson, ivir. ana mrs. cisum.I Frank. Dr. Frank Fithian, Mr. andi Mrs. Swift Champ, Mr. and Mrs. J . b.t .korts Mr-and Mrs. w liners jjuvis,Mr. and Mrs. John Davis, Mr. andty, Lexington ; Misses Frances Johnson and Besse Hilladay.Much of the sucaess of theball was due to the management of Mr.and Mrs. Withers Davis. The guestspartook of a supper of substantials atmidnight.Mr. C. D. Webb is confined to hishome with illness.Mr. Louis Fee is dangerously illwith an attack of pneumonia.Miss Nellie Lovely wss the guestSunday of her sister, Mrs, AlexTingle.Mrs. U. J. Howard, of Covington,is the guest of her mother, Mrs. BelleBrent Alexander.Mr. and Mrs. Dan McMillan, ofGeorgetown, were here Sunday tn seeMr. J. H. Ewalt, who continues quiteill at his home on Ingles avenue.. Mr. Harry Stivers, who has forseveral months been employed with acorps of engineers in the constrcutionof the L. & ri. extension, is in thecity, the guest of relatives andfriends.Healthy Bank Statement.In another column of this issue ofthe News appeDrs the statement ofthe First National Bank at the closeof business on February 20, 1912. Itwill be noticed that the total depositsamount to the handsome figure cf$320,144.26. This alone shows the rapidstrides this reliable institution is making in becoming one of the foremostbanking institutions in Kentucky.Another thing that this bank takespride in is the fact that there .is nooverdraft shown in the statement todetract from the many good pointsThe loans amount to $412,145.70. Readthe statement over and be convincedthat you have in your midst a bankthat is worthy of taking care of yourbusiness as it is doing for hundreds ofothers.No. G323.REPORT OF CONDITION OFFirst National Bank,AT PARIS, KY.In the State of Kentucky, at the closeof business Feb. 20, 1912.RESOURCES.Loans and Discounts $412,145 70Overdrafts secured and unsecured U. S. Bonds to secure circulation.. .U. S. Bonds to secure U. S.deposits, SI, 000, to securePostal Savings, $5,000Other Real Estate Owned. .00100,000 000,000 003,750 00Due from National Banks(not reserve agents) 3,071Due from State and privatebanks and bankers, trustcompanies and savingsbanks . - - . 1,51753Due irom approved reserveagents -Checks and other cash items27,5054,529Notes of other NationalBanks 1,800 COFractional paper currencynickels and cents ... " 228 53Lawful Money Reservedin Bank, viz:Specie ... . .$20,312 05Legal-tender notes 3,304 0023,(516 05Redemption fund with U. S.Treasurer (5 per cent, ofI livnnlofmni . U h 11(1D TroasurOT " "'2 50Total $591,226 76LIABILITIES.Capital stock paid in $100,000 00Surplus fund 70,000 00Undivided profits, less expenses and taxes paid . . 469 59National Bank Notes outstanding 100,003 00Individual deposits subject "to check-. 297,6755 37Time certificates of deposit- 20,9;)5 53United States deposits $1,000I Postal Savings Depositsj $475 31- 1,475 31 .VCU 1U1 l-clA.Jja Ui . ITotal 591,220 76 iState of Kentucky, County of Bourbon, ss: I, Jas. McClure, Cashier ofthe above named bank, do solemnly !swear that the above statement is true jto the best of my knowledge and belief. JJAS. McCLURE, Cashier.Subscribed and sworn to before methis 24th day of Feb.. 1912.GRACE DONALDSON,Notary Public.Correct Attest: Clifton Arnsparger,M. R. Jacobv. J. A. LaRue, Directors.is now in lino withall of the progressivecities in Kentucky in having a8 Trust Company to serve thepeople in all capacities withinH the province of a Trust Company. gaTBie BourbonBank Sc Trust Co..with ample resources and excellent equipment stands ready toact as Executor or Administrator of estates and as Trustee orGuardian of infant heirs andother persons, and in all fiduciary capacities. In addition theirTrust Department is empoweredto act as management of property, as Assignee ant as Trustee for bond issues.All business, large or small,will be given careful attentionby the officers of the BourbonBank & Trust Co. and will beunder the supervision of theBoard of Directors.252 j aiA New i6iss:Lsl:iorsI For Paris 1 1Ig ParisnearlyFOR SALE.One good $50 cooking range andMore's Air Tight Heater for salecheap for the cash. Apply at Newsoffice. 20 3tFor Sale.Ten tons of baled timothy hay.E. F. CLAY, JR.Farm of I0O Acres For RentOn good road and well improved.Close to town, schools and churches.Twevle acres for tobacco, 30 or 40 forcorn and 10 acres for oats; 40 acres ingrass.MASON TALBOTT,23 3t North Middletown, Ky.Victor-Victrola XIV, $150Other styles Victor-Victrola $ 5 to $250.Victors $10 to $100The ideal instrumentfor the homeThe Victor-Victrola is the mostperfect and most satisfactory of allmusical instruments for the home.It combines all musical instrumentsand the perfect human voice, andsupplies in unlimited variety thefinest music in the world, sung andplayed by the most famous artists.There is no reason why youshouldn't possess a Victor-Victrola.Come in and we'll tell you how youcan pay for it on easy terms.Daugherty Bros.,Paris, Ky.m Victor-Victrola XIV, $150 Wj "otjl Can Sul3t IU WtiAT BLANKETS tI I have left at cost, and I have not many. Among these SII 7 are some EXTRA GOOD All-Wool. I am also offering mCOMFORTS at greatly reduced prices. mi J. T. HINTON. IIThat Something DifferentIs Here--Get the Name."Ratine" or "TerryCloth."White and All Good Spring Shades.The Latest New York Novelty in Wash Material;.Used for Dresses, Skirts and Trimmings.Come, be the first to see it.1 W. Ed TuckerALWAYS THE NU.Agent Butterich PatternsIFee's Cash Specials,!Friday and Saturday IIIFancy Chocolate Layer Cake, large size 15cFresh Baltimore Oysters, per quart 40cWinter-caught Salmon 1 5c IdAtmore's Mince Meat. . 12 1 -2c lbChase & Sanborne's Tea, 1-2 lb. canPurity Flour, best made, 241b. sackPurity Flour, per cwt , ' $3.00Chase & Sanborne's special blend coffee 30cHeno Tea, per lb ...75cIVfuth's Raisin and Cinnamon Bread.Li? Pa Pa O ,THE HOME OUITTER.-I35c75cBr95out.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB. 27 1912.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESGave Up Hope"I suffered five years, with awful pains, due to womanly troubles," writes Mrs. M. D. McPherson, from Chadbourn, N. C. "They grew worse, till I would often faint.I could not walk at all, and I had an awful hurting in myside; also a headache and a backache.I gave up and thought I would die, but my husbandurged me to try Cardui, so, I began, and the first bottlehelped me. By the time the third bottle was used, I coulddo all my work. Ali the people around here said I woulddie, but Cardui relieved me.".TAKE TheVARDU I WomarfsTonicFor more than 50 years, Cardui has been relievingwoman's sufferings, and making weak women strong andwell. During this time, thousands of women have written,like Mrs. McPherson, to tell of the really surprising resultsthey obtained by the use of this purely vegetable, tonicremedy for women.Cardui strengthens, builds, restores, and relieves or prevents unnecessary pain and suffering from womanly troubles.If you are a woman, begin taking Cardui, today.Tirv- T Arf!ap' A rltrtanre Tnnt PhcftonnriM MprlJrInf Pn Pfiaftnnnncra Termfor Special Instructions, and 64-page book. Home Treatment for Women, sent free. J 49' ' 'mTWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentWe Arc Showing for Fall and Winter StrictlyAll-Woo! Worsted, Hand-TailoredSuits at $10.00Handsome new Brown and Grey Worsteds and Cassimeresin the newest models, hand-tailored Suits, worth easily $20,our Special $15.Overcoats in every new cut and weave, prices range from7.50, $10, $12.50, 15, $18 and 20.We have taken the sale agency for the celebrated EmersonShoe, Brockton, Mass. This is the classiest $4 and $5 men'sShoe made.Also the French Shrine hand-made Shoes at 84.The reliable Douglas Shoes $2.50, $3, $3.50.Those rough, fuzzy hairy Hats, 2, 2.50, 3.Full line of Hawes Van Gal 3 Shoes.Monarch and Lair best $1 Shirts made.Chutt's 1.50 and $2 Shirts, new patterns.Lion Brand slip-easy Collars, 2 for 25c.Full line of Trunks, Suit Gases and Hand-bags.L. WOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.Low Round TripRATES.Homeseekers' FaresKENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL"The Blue Grass Route."HourlyHigh SpeedService.ThroughParis Lexington FrankfortDivision.r To points in "Arizona, 'Arkansas,Louisana, Missouri, ;New Mexico,Oklahoma, Texas, ;Kansas, Nebraska,Montana. Michigan-Wisconsin, Alabama, Florida and Mississippi. Tickets on sale first and third Tuesdays ofeach month with final return limit 25days from date of sale except to destinations in Florida, final limit will be12 days from date of sale. Liberalstopovers allowed in homeseeker territory. We also have on saie aany unui .April 30, 1912, with final return limitsMay 31. 1912 Winter Tourist tickets to jpoints in Alabama, Florida. Georgia,Louisana, New Meixco and Texas,with liberal stopovers allowed.For further information, call on orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SMITH. T. A.FOR SALE PRIVATELY.Kitrht room frame residence andfrnntimr seventy feet and ten incheson Higgins avenue, and two hundredand eight feet deep ; bath room, newroof, gas leading to house; large garden and good cistern.WM. A. GRIMES,E. T. phone 45 or 364.23 tf Paris, Ky.TOBACCOHAULING....,Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort every hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m.,and at 10 p. m., the last car goingonly as far as Versailles.Cars leave Lexington for Versaillesand Frankfort, and for Paris everyhour on the hour from 0 a. m. until7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p. m., thelast car going only as far as Versailles. Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington and Paris every thirtyminutes after the hour from 6:30 a.m. until 7:30 p. m., and at 10:30 p.m., the last car going only as Ivlvas Lexington.GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTONNICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexington( and Nicholasville everv fortv-fiveminutes after the hour 'from 5:45 a.m. until 6:45 p. m., and S:05 andj 10:05 p. m.1-! Cars leave Lexington for Georgetownevery hour on the hour from fi a. muntil 7 p. m. and at 9 and It p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville every thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 p.m. and at 9:30 p. m. and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville for Lexington and Georgetown eveiy fifteenminutes after the hour from 6:15 a.m. until 2:15 p. m. and 10:15 p. m.FarmerB claim that clover and timothy hay are high enough for themthis year. It takes about $15 to pu:chase a bushel of the former while thelatter is priced at from S8 to $8.50The short crop last year is the cause.In Clark county fowls are said tobe dying by the hundred of a diseasewhich is baffling the most learned cfpoultry raisers. All varieties of medicine have been used with no resultsand one lady lost about fiftj lastweek within a few days.The report of County Assessor E.J. Secrest shows that there weregrown in Nicholas county during theyear 1911 only 21,928 bushels of whest,but the tobacco crop, which was ashort one, amounted to 2,005,320pounds. The number of voters in thecounty is 2,837 with 2,368 children ofschool age.Golden Glow, the famous combined harness and five-gaited saddle maresold at the auction of the KentuckySales Company in Lexington for thelargest price ever paid for a saddlemare at auction, was shipped to thehome of her owner and it developed atthis time that her purchaser was Mr.C. W. Chapin of New York.What promises to be a great educational event will be the corn showand rural school fair of Nicholas county tob e held in Carilsle on March 2.Corn raised by the boys and samplesof the work of the rural schools willbe shown 'in competition. Clubs forraising corn, fruit, flowers and poultryfor the year 1912 will be organized.An official statement made by thegovernment Department of Agriculturerelates that the department has spentin the past ten years nearly seven million dollars for the improvement ofagricultural conditions in the South.This vast sum of government moneydoes not include the money spent bythe different states in co-operativework with the Federal department,The total receipts of live stock onthe Chicago market for week endingFebruary 17 were in round numbers54,800 cattle, 199,400 hogs and 102,200sheep. The week's receipts, comparedwith the previous week, in round numbers increased 3,100 cattle, 10,300 hogsand decreased 11,100 sheep. Comparedwith the corresponding week a yearago cattle aecreasea z.suu, nogs increased 42,800 and sheep 13,100.There is a heavy demand amonggrowers and tenants for tooacco landin this and surrounding Blue Grasscounties. Since the improved conditions of the tobacco situation, as evidenced by the splendid prices receivedfor the weed in Central Kentuckytowns where there is a tobacco marketand the indications are that this year'scrop of hurley will be a banner nne.The assured success of the ten-yearpooling plan has also stimulated thetobacco growing industry which willtend to increase the acreage.During a windstorm near VanBuren. Ky., the barn oi Sam McGinnis, a farmer, was blown own and itsparts scattered over a ten acre lot. Bysome strange chance everything in thebarn except five horses and four cowssuffered harm. The cows were keptin their places by stanchions whichwithstood the storm's fury, while thehorses managed to break loose andwere found grazing in the field. Twobuggies and a farm wagon were destroyed. Dogs have caustd heavy losses tofarmres of Montgomery county recently, making raids on sheep almost nightly and rutting them to pieces and tearing the throats badly, injuring them sothat what are not killed outright soondie. The curs made a raid on the flockof T.N. Coons and illed three old ewesand eight lambs and then went to thepasture of Koy Byrd, a short distanceaway and killed ten head of ewes andlambs. The losses will be very heavyin Montgomery and it is not believedthat the dog tax will any ways nearpay the losses sustained.With about eighty per cent of thetobacco crop in the Bowling Green onesucker district marketed, it is estimated by President Hays, of the association, that the total yield in the entiredistrict will reach 14,000,000 pounds.These figures show enormous increaseover any previous year. So far thisseason the Equity people have receivedin round numbers to exceed 10,000,000j pounds of the weed, and it is safelyj computed by those intimately identifi!ed with the tobacco situation thaieighty per cent of the crop, or there! Bourbon Garage & Supply Co.Paris, KentuckyFARMING IMPLEMENTSOF ALL KINDAUTOMOBILESBourbon Garage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sreets,Paris, KentuckyDR. DOLLE'SCINCINNATI)OHIOSAnlTflRiUMWEN CURSED AT SMALL COST.Difficult Surgical Operations Porformed With 1Skill and Success, When Surgery is NecessaryALL DISEASES OF MENPERMANENT CUREPositively GuaranteedWARIPfllfSfl C Radically Cured in1 AnluUuEILETon Days. Free BockR U PT U R E CurldfSrvedethodsand RESTORATIVE Treatment in Loss of Vita! PowerUVnRflPEB CURED In a Few Days.IB I U 1915 U E. LEI Special Treatment. Free Information.Don't givo up hope until you have seen old Dr.Dollel Ilo will give you FREE a thorough examination, and will tell you tho Truth.Consultation Free and confidential at office orby letter. Twenty Years' experience. Trainedattendants. Best of care. 02 p. Hook on Men'sDiseases Free, upon receipt of 4 cto. for postage,giving much valuablo information. Call at downtown olnco or write toDn ft E ftfll D JP 525 WALNUT STREET,file hi Li ftluLLi: Cincinnati, o.At the annual election of the Woodford County Fair Association tho following officers were elected for theensuing year : M. P. Lancaster, president; Wm. A. Cox, first vice president; Frank H.Hawkins. second vicepresident ; Joe McDonald, third vicepresent; Fleming Meek, secretary, andE. A. Davis, treasurer. The association selected August 7, 8 and 9 as thedates for holding their next annual ex-hibiton.Encouraged by the success of lastyear's attempt to pool the wnol clip ofKentucky a number of prominent sheepraisers met in Louisvlle .last week andorganized the Kentucky' WoolgrowersAssociation, with the purpose of pooling and marketing the crop annuallyhereafter. Sessions were held at theCommercial Hotel, at which the association was organized by the electionof officers. Fourteen charter memberssigned the roll.The Farmers Home Journal contained the following : "George C layton who has charge of Mo.Kee Bros,herd, isvery busy now with the sowsas a number of them are farrowing.The 'queen of the tribe,' Proud Tennessee, that the McKee Bros, purchasedfrom S. H, Stanbery & Sons, is doing3&mSTILL AT IT!Clearance SaleIn Dry Goods, Cloaks, Suits,Furs and MillineryNow Going On.Come In-Wonderful BargainsIn All DepartmentsTWIN BROS.Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, Kentuckyyimmcrlanrlirl unrl will fnrrnw in ?.lnrrh.about, has been brought to the market, j And looks like an easy winner in anycompany, anywnere ana unaer anyWe are prepared to haulTobacco to the markets atany point. No crop toolarge. We can furnish teamsand wagons.TRANSFER....Best equipped transfer line.1 'i n l .iin tne city, special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is I ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Eighth Street Both Phones.Daily Fast FreightParis, Lexington, Versailles, Frankfort, Georgetown and all Intermediate Points. Freight Agent's Telphones: Old Phone 309, NewPhone 309MONEYIKWe tell you how, and pay best marketprices. We are dealers; establishedin 1SD6; andean Io BETTER for youthan agents or commission merchants. References any bank in Ijuisville. Write for vcekly price list.M. SABEL & SONS227-23-31 &33 E, (ftarkei Si LOUISVILLE, KY.Dealers In FURS, HIDES, WOOL.There has been quite an advancein the price of mules in some sectionsof the State and from Mt. Sterlingcomes the report that some frocd saleshave been made. Since the advance inj the price of cotton mules have advanced from $15 to $20 on the head and thecounty is full of buyera at high figures. Small as well as large muleshave advanced rapidly. During thefirst three days of last week over 100head have been sold in that county atprices ranging from $125 to $270 perhead. A number of sales are reportedby the pair at from $350 to 545. Fletcher Mann, of Lexington, Thomas andBert McClintock and S. C. Carpenter.r T i j i 'uj. jDuuruun, uuu otner. Diiyers . aresearching the market and it is reported that practically all mules of gocdsize and individuality -in Fleming county have been sold for shipment South.The Cincinnati burley tobaccomarket has the distinction of sellingService Between the highest priced hogshead of tobaccogruwii in me year J.niS recordwas established Friday at the GlobeTobacco Warehouse, when a singlehogshead of tine cigarette wrapperstock, grown in Bracken county, Kentucky, and shipped by John T. .lett, ofFoster, that county, brought $37.50 per100 pounds at auction. The lowest bidfor the tobacco was $25, and keen competition quickly placed the biddingabove $30. It was finally knocked downto W. D. Spalding & Son, buying forthe P. Lorillard Company of JerseyCits, N. J.A number of competent judges oftobacco who examined the hogsheadclaim that it is undoubtedly the finesttobacco grown in 1911. It is sail thactobacco of such character will run atleast 95 per cent cigarette wrappers.Every leaf was perfect even to ihe tip.The price paid by Spalding & Son isthe highest in the past decade.imsjudge in next fall's shows. As theyexpect to exhibit this sow, she willnot be allowed to nurse this litter,which by the way will be by Volunteer. The pigs will be taken awayfrom her and given to another sow."George Clayton certainly knows thehog business and he is making goodfor McKee Bros. George is lookingforward to sweeping things beforehim in this year's shows, and it doeslouk as though he would have his bunchlit, ripe and ready."Parson's Poem a Gem.From Rev. H. Stabenvoll, Allison.Ia., in praise of Dr. King's New LifePills:"They're such a health necessity.In every home these pills should be.If other kinds you've tried vain,USE DR. KING'SAnd be well again.Only 25c at Oberdorfer's.Professional CardsJ. WLLILIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street..Office Phones jomeounerJournalFor 1912ResidenceE. T. 334.Home 334.K. A. t KELLER,Pkacticing Physician,Offices,RoomsParis,4, and o, Elk's Bld'gKentuckyNOTICEMiry E. Griffith's Exor. - - Plaintiffvs. NoticeHer Legatees, etc. DefendantsYou can not keep posted on current political events unless youread theCourier-Journals(Louisville, Ky. Henry Watterson, Editor)This Presidential Year.The Tariff will be the issue andthe battle will be a hard foughtone. You can gatDaily ConrierjonrnalandBetter a Smile Than a Frown.The saint who smiles does a greatdeal more good in the world than thesaint with a long face.The Bourbon NewsAll persons having claims againstthe estate of Mary E. Griffith, deceas- 'ed, are hereby notified and directed f to i -p ' Q l Tpresent them, proven as is required by i l--XCepting ounuay ISSUejlaw to the undersigned Special Com-1missioner, at his law office in the city jof Paris, Ky.. on or before the first Iday of March, 1912; and that their, . r xzundersigned will be at the above I BOtn UHC Year fOf 5.00.named office from this rdate until thefirst day of March, 1912 to receive saidclaims.c. a. McMillan,Special Commissciner Bourbon CircuitCourt.This offer only holds good untilFebruary 29.To get advantage of thisorders must be sent us,Courier-Journal.cut rate,not theMay Stock Up On Quail.If the plans of the Scott countysportsmen materialize, that countywill be rendered one of the best in theState for hunting. It is the .purpose ofthe Scott county sportsmen to secure alarge number of Mexican and Mountainquail, which are very healthy and nonmigratory and turn them loose on thelarge farms over that county. It isalso planned to'employ. a special officerto patrol the lands after the birds arereleased and see that the game lawsare enforced.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB, 27, 1912The Pooliof Flame.:8By LOUIS JOSEPH VANCEIllustrations, Ellsworth YoungCapyright 1909, by Louis Joseph VanceHaving waited a few moments without event, the Irishman knocked a second time, and would have knocked athird when he thought better of itand glanced at his wTatch. It was onlya matter of ten minutes after eight;strictly interpreting the intent ofSypher's invitation, he was a trifle'Beyond All Doubt, He Had Been MurI dered.arly. Presumably the servants were&11 out of earshot, preoccupied with(preparations for the meal; whileiSypher and his niece were most probably still dressing.With an impatient air O'Rourketurned back to the veranda. A hamimock in one corner was swinging idlyin the breeze. A number of wickerarmchairs stood about, invitingly furmished with cushions. O'Rourke selected one and disposed himself to.waiti After five minutes he frownedthoughtfully and lit a cigarette."Faith, 'tis a fine surprise he's giv'en me," he said, irresolute. "But itcan't be premeditated insult. Whyshould it be? And they can't all beout 'Tis sorry I am I let that- drivergo; more than likely this will be thejwrong house entirely. That must bethe trouble. I'll just go, quietly foldtup me tent and decamp before the inhabitants, if any there be, discoverme and run me off the premises."But at the head of the steps, with(foot poised to descend, something restrained him; it would be difficult tosay what, unless it were the unbroken,steadfast, uncanny quiet. "I'll have aQook," he determined suddenly; "perihaps . . ."He turned to the right and stoppedbefore a long, open window, lookingInto what seemed to be a music roomand library combined. Brilliantly ililuminated by hanging lamps of unrusual brilliancy, the interior was clearily revealed. And with an abrupt exclamation the adventurer entered, feeling for the revolver, to carry whichhad of late become habitual with him.The room was simply furnished, iftastefully. There was a grand pian'omear the veranda windows with a music rack and cabinet near by. Dispersed about the floor were a few comfortable chairs, a rug of rare Oriental texture, two consoles adorned withrvaluable porcelains. In the middle ofthe room stood a draped center-tableflittered with books and magazines; forward the back a long, flat-topped desk.And against the rear wall, ordinarilyhidden by a folding screen of Japanese manufacture, now swept aside,twas a small steel eafe. Upon thisb'Rourke's attention was centerediHe remarked that it looked new andvery strong; it was open, disclosinga variety of pigeonholes more or ie&a'occupied by docketed documents, andla smaller interior strong-box.i Between the desk and the safe a manhtr nyn-na QTIfl fmltft mOtlonlCSS. HSuaj v-w -irwas dressed for. a ceremonious dinner,land anDarently had been struck downin the act of stepping from his deskto the sate. For beyond an aouDt uefhad been murdered. The haft or(knife protruded from his back, buriedfto its hilt just beneath nis xeit uuu-War-blade.I O'Rourke moved over to the bodyUnd lifted it by the shoulders, turn-krur the face to the light. Then,W law oath, he dropped itA small sound, so slight as to b alltaut Indistinguishable, penetratedVvT?rtnrVA'a stupefaction. He stooderect, looking about, telling himselfthat the noise resembled as much asanvthfne- the hushed cry or a c.sobbing in sleep, soft and infinitelymotwirv TTnahle to assign its sourceZ.j tfrlhnted it to theKiBowueic,icMn rr.IT! t his feet: and in a desIperate hope that the pulse of lifejmight still linger 1 Sypher's tody, heivn-if withdrew the knife, turned theI yona aispuie, sypntjr "was deaa.'ijoor diwle!" muttered the Irishman. - , - -"The Pool of Flame!CHAPTER XXXII.Por several minutes O'Rourke remained beside the body, making twonotable discoveries. For he was quickto note the fact that one of the deadman's hands was tightly clenched,"while the other lay half-open andlimp. The former was closed upon aleather thong so stout as to resist anyattempt to break it by main strength,so firmly held that the murderer hadfound it necessary to sever it witha knife. The knife itself was there,for proof of this; the sheen of lightupon its mother-of-pearl handle caughtthe Irishman's eye.Picking it up, he subjected it to aclose examination that, however,gleaned no information. It was simply a small pocket penknife, littleworn, with blades of German steel. Itcarried no identifying marks and toldhim but one thing that the assassinhad been a European; a native wouldnever have bothered with so ineffectual a thing when a sturdy weapon,serviceable alike for offense and defense, would have served its purposeequally well.From this he turned to the daggerwhich he had taken from the body;a stiletto with a plain ebony handle,unmarked, unscratched, apparentlyfresh from the dealer's showcase. Itmeant nothing, save that it indicatedstill more strongly that the murdererwas most probably not a native. AGreek or an Italian, a Genoese sailoror a native of Southern France saya seafaring man out of Marseillesmight have carried it."Oho!" said O'Rourke, speculative."A Frenchman, mayhap!"He got up, satisfied that he wouldlearn nothing more by continuing hissearch of the solicitor's body. Themental link between the fact of thecrime and its perpetrator was inevitable; O'Rourke believed implicitly thatSypher had been murdered by DesTrebes masquerading as "De Hyeres."And he could have done himself aninjury in the impotent fury aroused byrealization that he had permitted himself to be so childishly hoodwinked,despite the suspicions he had entertained of the soi-disant "De Hyeres.'He felt himself responsible, since hehad neglected to warn Sypher. It hadbeen on his tongue's tip that afternoon, when Sypher himself had diverted the warning by his request that theO'Rourke could more comfortably spinhis yarn after they had dined."Poor diwle!" said the adventureragain. He stooped to spread .hishandkerchief over the staring, pitifulface. "And poor, poor young woman!"He was startled by the thought ofher; for the first time it- entered into'his comprehension, until then bounded,by the hard and fast fact of the murder. Now instantly his concern aboutthe crime was resolved into solicitudefor the girl. What could have hap'pened to her? What had become ofthe servants, whose sudden desertionhad left the house so sinisterly quiet?Swept on by a fervor of anxiety onthe girl's behalf, O'Rourke glancedquickly about the study to assure himself that he had overlooked nothing ofimportance, then passed out into themain hall or reception-room. Here themost searching inspection revealednothing amiss. He moved on to theother room on the main floor andfound himself in the dining-room; hereagain all was in perfect order.The kitchen offices in the rear ofthe house next received his attention;he found them completely untenanted,having apparently been abandoned indesperate haste. Everything was indisorder; the meal he had been invited to partake of was cooking to cinders in pots and ovens; a heavy offense of burning food thickened theatmosphere. Half-stifled, he left theplace as quickly as possible, returnedto the main hall and ascended to theupper story.Here he found -three bed-chambersand a bath. He first entered Sypher's,then the room evidently occupied byMiss Pynsent, finally what was unquestionably a guest-chamber, discovering nothing noteworthy until hereached the latter. And here he received a shock. Thrown carelesslyacross the foot of the bed was a woman's evening wrap, while on the bureauwere gloves, long, white and fresh, butwrinkled from recent wear, and a silken veil. Plainly these were the property of the fourth guest, whose placehad been set at the table below, butof whose identity he had not been apprised. Presumably, he reflected, she(whoever she was) had been Intendedas the fulfillment of Sypher's hintedsurprise.A guess formed vaguely in his brain,and suddenly curdled into a suspicion.Ho took the gloves in his hand, examining them for marks of identification, but-found none. But in one corner of the veil he discovered an embroidered initial the letter B."Beatrix?" he guessed huskily. "Isit possible? ... He promised mea surprise. . . . 'Twould have beenlike her to plan it with: him and 'tisquite possible she Teached Rangoonbefore I. ... My wife! . .Hastily he returned to the eveningwrap, a fascinating contrivance of laceand satin unquestionably the last cryof the Parisian mode, such a wrap asy,ia w!f mleht well have worn. Butbeyond Paquin's label stitched insideits dainty pocket it boasted no distinguishing mark.He stumbled hurriedly from theroom and down the stairs, returningto the study where Sypher's bodylay; tortured by mounting fears, hestood and looked blankly about him,at a loss wkere next to turn, if almostpreternaturally alive to every soundor sight that might afford him a clue.. . . He fought against a suspicionthat crawled like a viper in his brain.Had he, after all, been deceived inSypher's niece, Miss Pynsent? Hadthat innocent charm of hers been athing assumed, a cloak for criminal duplicity? Had she in reality been DesTrebes' accomplice? Had those clearand limpid eyes of youth, all throughthat voyage been looking forward tosuch a scene, to such a tragic endingas this? Could she have afforded theFrenchman the aid he needed to consummate his chosen crime?For he was now ready to believe DesTrebes the prime mover in this terri-,ble affair; he no longer entertaineda shred of doubt that his enemy hadtraveled with him from Calcutta under the disguise of "De Hyeres." Andhe believed the man had planned thisthing far ahead; else would he havesurely taken some overt step to prevent O'Rourke from delivering theruby to Sypher. He divined acutelythat, despairing of any further attempt to win the jewel from him, DesTrebes had turned his wits to the taskof stealing it from Sypher; somebodynaturally much less to be feared thanthe adventurer.But on the other hand, if the girlhad not been Des Trebes' assistantwhat had become of her? And whatof her guest the lady one of whoseinitials was B?It was not inconsistent with DesTrebes' whole-hearted villainy that heshould employ a gang of thugs sufficiently large to overpower and makeaway with bodily and in a body MissPynsent, her guest and the servants.. . . "Great God!" cried O'Rourke."If it be in truth my wife!"Without presage a thin but imperative tintinnabulation broke upon thesilence of the house of death. O'Rourkejumped as if shot. Somewhere in oneof the other rooms a telephone bellwas ringing. It ceased, leaving astrident stillness; but before he couldmove to find the instrument and answer the call, there rose a second timethat moaning sob which first he hadattributed to an impossible source,then, in the turmoil of his thoughts,had forgotten.He waited, listening intently. Thetelephone called again and again subsided. Then a third time he heard thegroan, more faint than before, but sufficiently loud to suggest its source.He moved warily toward the windowsand out upon the veranda houndedby the telephone. But that wouldhave to wait; here was a more urgent matter to his hand. Between thelong, insistent rings the moaning wasagain audible; and this time he located it acurately. It came from thelawn, near the edge of the veranda.He stepped off carefully, but almoststumbled over the body of a man wholay there, huddled and moaning."And another!" whispered the adventurer, awed. "Faith, this Pool ofFlame . . .!"He was at once completely horrifiedand utterly dumbfounded. Nothing hehad come upon within the bungalowseemed to indicate that there had beenanything in the nature of a struggleprior to the assassination of Sypher.He had up to this moment consideredit nothing but a cold-blooded and cowardly murder; the man had apparently been struck down from behind in total ignorance of his danger. O'Rourkehad deduced that Sypher had risenfrom the desk to put the jewel in hissafe; and that while he was so engaged the assassin, till then skulkingDragged Him Into the Library.outside the long windows and waitingfor a moment when his victim's backshould be turned, had entered andstruck. . . But how could he reconcile that hypothesis with this man wholay weltering and at the point of deathat the veranda edge?Indeed, he could not do so. Butthis victim, at least, was not yet dead;if he had strength to moan, he mightyet be revived, at least temporarily.Without delay, then, the Irishmangrasped the man beneath the armpits,and, lifting him bodily to the veranda,dragged him into the library. Not until he placed him in the middle of thefloor, beneath the blare of the lamplight, did O'Rourke have an opportunity to observe his features. Butnow as he dropped to his knees besidethe body, his wondering cry testifiedto immediate recognition.The latest name to be inscribed onthe long and bloodstained death-rollof the Pool of Flame was that of PaulMaurice, Vicomte-des Trebes; or, ifthere were life enough left in theman to enable him to insist upon hisnom de guerre (the wanderer reflectedgrimly) Raoul de Hyeres."What next?" wondered O'Rourke."What can the meaning of it all benow?"1 Mil 1With each development the mysterywas assuming more fantastic proportions, becoming still more impenetrable and unsolvable. But he had noleisure in which to ponder it now, ifDes Trebes were to be restored. AndO'Rourke worked over the man astenderly as though they had been lifelong friends, with skillful fingers estimating th nature and extent of hiswounds, with sound knowledge ofrough and ready surgery doing allthat could be done to bring him backto consciousness.At last Des Trebes sighed feebly; .aspot of color, febrile, fickle, evanescent, dyed his cheeks; his breath rattled harshly in his gullet; his eyelidstwitched and opened wide. He glaredblankly at the face above."Des Trebes!" cried O'Rourke. "DesTrebes!"His voice quickened the intelligenceof that moribund brain. A flash ofrecognition lighted the staring eyes.The lips moved without sound."Des Trebes!""Ah, yes . the Irishman . . ."The whisper was barely articulate.O'Rourke put to his lips a cup ofbrandy diluted with a little water."Drink," he pleaded, "and try to tellme what's happened to ye. Who gaveye these wounds? Try to speak.""But ... no ... I shallnot tell.""But good God, man! ye've beenmurdered!"The white lips moved again; theadventurer bent his ear low to them."We . . . have both . . . lost. . . but you . . . your wife .ft"My wife!"In a frenzy O'Rourke resumed hisefforts to strengthen the dying manwith spirits and water, but Des Trebes, with a final effort, obstinatelyshut his teeth, moving his head imperceptibly from side to side in tokenof his stubborn refusal.So he died, implacable. In deaththe chiselled features remained setin a smile sardonic and triumphant.Dying, he gave no comfort to hisfoe. . . .For a little time longer O'Rourkeknelt at Des Trebes' side, watchingand wondering. Eventually he sighedheavily, shook his head, shrugged hisshoulders and rose. And, rising, heperceived for the first time that hewas no longer alone with the dead inthat place.Kneeling in silence by the vicomte'sside he had till then been hidden fromthe inner doorway to the room by thedrapery of the center table. And evidently it was this circumstance whichhad emboldened a man to slip in fromthe main hall and approach Sypher'sdesk at the back of the room.As O'Rourke appeared he was conscious first of something moving inthe room a movement caught vaguelytrom the corner of his eyes. Then heheard a stifled cry of fright. He hadalready his revolver in his hand, so instant had been the obedience of hisbrain and body to the admonition ofinstinct.He swung about with the weaponpoised, crying: "Stop!" The otherman was apparently trying to escapeby the door to the hall, but was muchtoo far from it to escape the threatened bullet. A jet of fire spurted fromhis hand. O'Rourke heard a crashand clatter of broken window-glass behind him. Without delay or consciousaim he fired and saw, still indistinctlythrough pungent wreaths of ' smoke,the figure reel and collapse uponitself.The man had hardly fallen ereO'Rourke stood over him, with a footfirm upon one arm, while he bent andwrenched a revolver from relaxing fingers. Then, stepping back, he tookstock of the murderous-minded intruder, and saw at his feet, writhing,coughing and spitting, a Chinesecoolie a type of the lowest class, hisface a set yellow mask, stolid, unemotional, brutalized. Even then itbetrayed little feeling; only the slantset black eyes burned with unquenchable hatred as tHey glared up at theconqueror. . . . O'Rourke's bullethad penetrated the man's chest; andas he squirmed and groaned throughhis sharpened teeth of a rat, a crimson stain spread on the bosom of hiscoarse white blouse.Wholly confounded, O'Rourke shookan amazed head. A third element hadbeen added to the mystery with noeffect other than to render it moreopaque and dense than before.The telephone, its raucous voicenow long since stilled, came into hismind, and he was minded to leave theroom and find it, to summon aid.Before he could move, however, aiootfall on the veranda startled him,and his ears were ringing with a command couched in terse, curt English:"Hands up!"CHAPTER XXXIII.A man stood in one of the windows,his figure conspicuous against themgnt in cool white linen of a semimilitary cut, his extended right handtraining a revolver on the Irishman'head."Faith !" cried O'Rourke with genuine relief, "you're more welcome thana snowfall in Hades. Good evening toye. and many of them.""Hands up!""With all the pleasure in the world."O'Rourke elevated his hands. "I'vetwo revolvers on me person," he volunteered amiably; "before ye go anyfurther ye'll be wanting to take 'emaway from me, I'm not doubting.""From whatI see, I quite believe ishall," agreed "the Englishman, without relaxing his unprejudiced attitude."At all events, keep your hands wherethey are, for the time being. . . .What the deuce does-this mean?"'leu me yourseii and Til ma&e ya handsome present," returned t iO'Rourke composedly. "I've beendling me wits over it for thethirty minutes, but neither rhymr :reason can I read into it. Butnow: would ye mind relieving rthe arsenal I've been telling ye :that I may rest me arms withorof being puncturedThe other laughed shortlyeofat, Iiarened .ypoai-me 1tered the room a clessturdy, well set-up boy of foiand-twenty, or thereabouts,sessed, aside from an emp'capable manner, good looksby a wide eood-humored mc i. iF Continued in our F r !The Trials of a Tr re' lI am a traveling sales r .E.E. Youngs, E.Berkshi Vt.?nmo ;was often troubled withand indigestion till I beKing's New Life Pills, whioa.afound an excellent remedy." For ahstomach, liver or kidney troubled theyare unequaled. Only 25 cents atOberdorfer's.FOR RENT.P I have for rent or will lease for aterm of years the best livery and salebarn in Paris, Kentcuky. Situatedcorner Second and Main streets, opposite Windsor Hotl, posseession givenJan. 1, 1912. E. T.P hone 198.J. H. BUTLER,12 tf Paris, Ky.udGENTLEMANSSHOEOur new Fall line in all leathersPatent Colt, Russia Calf and GunMetal, now ready for inspection.Geo. IVPWillams,L. 5c N. TIME-TAEBLIN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.TrainsNo.FROM34134297104037Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5.21 amLexington, Ky., Daily 4.34amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .- 7.35 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 antCincinnati, O., DBily 9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 10.20 amLexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pmKnoxville,Tenn.. Daily 1 3,25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily . 5.25 pmCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6,03 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday ' 6.03 amJacksonville, Fla., Daily 6 05 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 10.45 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrains ID e -part31233262591383853930. 8321431No.844294010137373313362625TOCincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday j 7.47 amCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 arcMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 amLexington, Ky., Daily .9.57 amKnoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 amJacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily 10.27 amMaysville, K., Daily 12.05 pmCynthiana, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 12.04 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.4o pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.52 pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday ; 5.57 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.10 pm8 Miaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . . 6.15 pm13 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6.15 tm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ,.6.25 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily 10;55 pm13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10;57 p- INEFFEOT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trains ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .-v. . .3.40 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday . .5.50. pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10. 00 pmTrains 3De;psirtNo. TO161 Frankfort '& Louisville, Sunday Only.. 7.10 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday, -jJfj&'T,. .7.43 am1 F.ankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ...Tft'..f ...9:53 am3 Frankfort, Ky, Daily JJxcept. Sunday . .'. .5.52fm.'- iJL 3-' ' . '."- -. j. V t"'..- " - , -Jf -J t - c ?WIat-Are Ever at Wr.ero jt two things everlastinglyar, y piles ButBucklen'gia xve -will banish piles in anysoon subdues the itching,. rfl immation or swelling-.giv1 1 isILL:af 1 Tt, invites joy. Greafci 'of ourns, boils, ulcers, cuts,ecrrma, scalds, pimples, skinit. .iy 25c at Oberdorf ei's.Sou! the Abode of Truth.Truth! Vhere is truth but in thsoul Itself? Facts, objects are butphantoms; matter-woven ghosts ofthis earthly night, at which the soulsleeping here in the mire and clay ofmatter shudders and names its ownvgue tremors, sense and perception.Charles Kingsley.Flying Men Fallvictims to stomach, liver and kidneytroubles just like other people wife ,like results in loss of appetite-, backache, nervousness, headache nd tiredlistless, rundown feeling. But there'sno need to feel like that as T. D.Peebles, Henry, Tenn., proved. "Sixbottles of Electric Bitters,"he writes' 'did more to give me new strength,and good appetite than all other remedies I used.'7 So they heln otherpeople. Its folly to suffer when thisgreat remedy will help you from- thefirst dose. Try it. Only 50 centsOberdorfer's.For 33 yearsNettleton Shoeshave stood for trueeconomy to the manof moderate means;and to the man ofwealth, the best thatmoney could buy. Weare sole agents forParis.-A-rrrvSunday 3.34 pm.. wv. nd laid his w-to iti brt, bor tlwTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB. 27 1912.rLASTWeekMILLERSBURG ITEMS.OP THEFACTORYCLEARANCSALEGreater than our most sanguineexpectations has been the disposalof the large shipments o theManufacturers' over - productionsof Shoes and Rubbers.i11 AJw ; yW MlTo-Morrow5The balance of this great stockwill be thrown on sale at prices solow that every pair will find newowners at once.j,To make this sale more interestingwe are placing on sale 300 pairs of$4 Walk-OverPatent Leather Shoes at$298Come Early and Get First Choice,as this Stock is Limited.PAN COHEN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky.Base Ball Notes.Che management of the WinchesterBase Ball Club has disposed ofManager Coleman to the Muscative.Iowa, Club.of the Central Association.Milt McCormick, formnrly withParis, will try out with the BostonNationals this year. McCormick went' from the Blue Grass to the Southernnd was drafted last fall by Boston.Wall Paper Time.Now is the time of year to do yourpapering for spring. Our stock wasnever so full and complete with beautiful patterns. Something entirelynew. Come in and look over the bigstock. Our decorators arts ready towait on you. Prices to suit all pocketbooks. J. T. HINTON.Mr. Augustus Howard is among thesick.Mr. Geo. Howard is thought to besome better.Master Howard Fightmaster is improving nicely.Mr. F. F. Hurst is confined to hishome with grip.Mr. W. V. Shaw is able to be outagain after a week's illness. .:Mr. W. F. Carpenter and Mrs. M. J.Caldwell continue about the same.Born, on Saturday morning' to thewife of Mr. Rufus MuWaters a daughter. - 'Mrs. J. T. Parker of Maysville, isthe guest of her brother, Mr:- R. C.Chanslor.Mr. J. G. Allan returned Fridayafter a two week s scoourn at Martinsville, Ind.Miss Josephine Reed, of Lexington,will arrive .today to visit her cousin,Miss Carrie Peed.Miss -Frances Burroughs has returned after a week's visit to the MissesDuncan at Lexington.Misses Mattie and Lucia Butler leftSaturday for a visit to their aunt,Mrs. Mattie Hawes, at Chicago.Mrs. W..A. Munzing, of Maysville,was the guest of he mother, Mrs.Martha Vimont, from Saturday untilMonday.Lucille, the two year old daughterof Mr. and Mrs J. S. Garrison, diedFriday afternoon after a brief "illness.Interment Sunday aiternon in Millersburg cemetey.The pupils of Miss Esther Nell willgive a recital in music at the M. F. C.Thusday evening beginning at 7:45.All friends and fpatrons of the institution are invite.! to be present.The following have installed electriclights: M. P. Collier and M. P.Clark, in offices; Ingles Bros., Dr. F.J. Herbert and Mr J. J. Peed in theirhomes. The postoffiue will be wiredthis week.PUBLIC SALE On March 4 at 10a. m. on the premises of the late William Hamilton 2 1-2 miles from Milldsburg on the Cynthiuna pike ofstock, iarming implements, householdand kitchen furniture.S. K. PROCrOR & JAS. HOWARD.Mrs. E. H. Dorion, of Memphis,Tenn., and Mrs. J. M. Alverson, ofFrankfort, arrived Saturday as theguests of Mr. and Mrs. O. W. Ingles.Mr. and Mrs. Alverson returned Monday. Mrs. Dorion will remaia for afew weeks' visit.For some time we have been unableto furnish our customers genuineKanawha Salt, owing to the closingdown of the works for repairs, butshipments are now resumed and wehave just received a car load of thesalt which has no equal.PEALE COLLIER & CO.The following are among the numberwho attended the funeral of Mr. Alfred Bascom at Owingsville (Saturday :Judge T. P. Waadell, Messrs. MackGrimes, V. L. Barton, W. F. Sandersand O. M. Johnson. Mr Bascom isthe father of Mr. S. C. Bascom whoformerly resided here and has a largecircle of friends.The reading given by Miss BeulahMcNemar, "Mrs. Wiggs of the Cabbage Patch," at Benton Seminary washighly interesting and entertaining.She is a woman of rare gifts in herline and capable of entertaining anyaudience I cannot recommend herwork too highly. B. D. Johnson, Principal Benton Seminary.Camden, Tenn.I have iistened with genuine pleasure to Miss McNemar's rendition of"Mrs. Wiggs of the Cabbage Patch'and other readings. She is not only anartist in her line but is also a Jadywith a pleasing personality, one whomit is a delight to know. I wish her thesuccess she deserves. Rev. Chas. F.Sheldon, Lecturer and Platform Manasi ger, La Harpe, 111.Miss Beulah Elwood McNemar, ofKeyser, W. Va., will read "Mrs.Wiggs of the Cabbage Patch" at M.F. C. auditorium Friday evening,March 1, at 8 p. m. Admission 25cents. Miss McNemar comes highlyrecommended. Her press credentialsare good and numerous, and all speakin the highest terms of her. This is anopportunity of which all lovers of artshould take advantage.. Let everybodyattend.The live stock sale of Mr. W. D.Mclntyre took place Saturday conducted by Auctioneer Geo. D. Speakes.k good crowd was in attfindance.Sheep, hogs and cattle sold low, mulesand horses sold fairly well. The bidding was not at all spirited, but on thewhole Mr. Mclntyre wes very wellpleased with the lesults. About 30shoats, averaging 75 pounds, sold at$2.50 per head, 5 brood sows at $14 to$16 per head, 100 sheep at $1 to $5.30,heifers and cows from $20 to $50,single mules from $147 50 to $222.50,mule teams from $220 to $390, horsesfrom $110 to $185. A. S. Thompson. J.Miller Ward, W. G McCIintock, GanoHildreth and J. W. Bacun, of Paris,attended the sale.The annual junior reception at theM. M. I. was held Thursday evening.The hours were from eight to twelve.The spacious front hall and libraryand drawing rooms were decorated inflags, pennants and bunting. The colorscheme was white and crimson whichwas nicely carried out. A number ofcadets were stationed at the frontdoor who escorted the guests , to, roomson the sceond floor, af ter which theycame down and were presented to thereceiving line which consisted of Col.Best and the junior class. CadetsBo 3th, Bruer, Chandler, Endicott,Howe, Hoffman, Marcum, Murray,Oldham, Rice and Wright stationed inthe front drawing room. From herethe guests passed into the back drawing room where punch was served. Thetable was presided over Joy Mesdarae3C. B. Smith W. V. Shaw and MissEsther K. Nell. From here they wentto the library where a social good timeawaited them. After the receivingline had broken 'the doors of thespacious dining room were thrownopen and the guests passed into itwhere they were served. with ice creamindigestion Responds To New TreatmentNew Medicine Called Digestit Pound To Be Sure Re3ief For" Indigestion and Stomach Disorders.A Limited Number of Full Size Packages Will Be Supplied WithoutCost by G. S. Varden & Son.Varden & Son have been suppliedwith the new remedy for stomachdisorders called DIGESTIT.This new medicine has been foundto be a sure relief for the distressingsymptoms of Indigestion and Dyspepsia. It will digest food in remarkably short time.Special arrangements have beenmade with the makers of this newremedy whereby they piopose toprove its wonderful merit. A limitednumber of full size packages will besupplied without cost by G. S. Varden & Son that you may test it inyour own case.These packages will be given to thefirst ones calling, so if. you are a victim of Indigestion, do not miss thisopportunity to get relief, or if you areI one of the many who enjoys a hearty! meal, but do not indulge too 'reely,i searing the after-effects that full,J uncomfortable feeling, hdartpurn,belching or sour stomach you surelywill try this remarkable relief. Twoor three tablets immediately aftereating or when suffering will relievealmost instantly.DIGESTIT is a harmless medicine,absslutely free from any dangerousor habit-forming drugs. It digestsfood in a natural way and tones thedigestive organs to a healthful condition. It aids assimitation, therebygiving untrition tothe famished body.Senate Passes Redisricting BillThe Senate took up the Congressional redistricting bill Saturday afternoon. jThe first six districts wereadopted as at present constituted. Thecounties of Clark, Estill, Powell andLee were added to the Seventh district. Montgomery, Breathitt. Elliott,Morgan and Wolfe were added to theNinth district.Adair was added to the Eighth district. The Tenth distict is composed as follows: Floyd, 'Jackson, Johnson, : Kott,Letcher, Martin, Pike and Perry.The Eleventh is an follows: Bell,Clay, Clinton, Cumberland, Harlan,Knox, Leslie, Monroe, Pulaski, Russell, Rockcastle, Wayne, Laurel andWhitley.The bill as above amended passed by27 to 2.Daughters Favor Substitute Bill.Richard Hawes Chapter, UnitedDaughters of the Confederacy haveexpressed themselves as being heartilyin favor of the Substitute Bill, providing benefits for the Confederate Veterans of Kentucky, -and at a recentmeeting of the committee resolutionscommending the bill were adopted.The resolutions are as follows :We, the Richard Hawes Chapter U.D. C, do heartily endorse and commend the Substitute Bill for the benefit of all Confeierate Veterans.First, because the veterans of thelate war have waited long and patiently for proper recognition of their sacrifice and service.Second, we believe that our greatCommonweatlh ought rot to do such agreat thing in such a small way as theoriginal bill proposes. That she shouldshow a spirit as magnanimous as hersons were partiotic and self sacrific-"ing.Third, the dted should be a reccgnition of valor, devotion and noble endurance rather than an act of charitytoward the suffering. The fame of oldKentucky is involved as well as thewants and worth of her Confederaterons. Let her show herself great andimpartial to her soldiers who werevolunteers, whose rewards should bemedals of honor and not humiliatingappropriations of a charitable character. Let them all have at the hands ofthe Legislature the same benefit,whether they accept them or transferthem lo those more needy.We, the Daughters, heartily endorseand earnestly request our own representatives and all Legislators to endorse the Substitute Confederate bill.MISS KATE EDGAR,MRS. J. T. VaNSANT,MRS. RUSSELL MANN,MRS. H. B. CLAY,MRS. J. F. CLAY.MRS W. G. TALBOTT,Committee.Ten Year Pool Now AssuredThe official statement was made inLexington Saturday afternoon byccffiials of the Burley Tobacco Societythat the ten-year fooling agreement,the success or failure of which meantlife or death for the great co-operativesociety, is assured by pledges ofenough acres of tobacco to carry itthrough the entire time. This rrear.sthe pooling of the products of nerly100,000 farmers in Kentucky, Ohio andIndiana.Warehouses and factories will bebuilt in several places. A co-operativefactory costing $2,500,000 will be builtin Lexington during tne comingseason.Farmers connected with the organization produce an average of 300 million pounds annually. The societyoriginally was formed to fight the tobacco trust and is five years old.Additions to Honor Roll.The following additions and corrections to the February Honor Roll published in this issue are made:James McUlintock, grade 3-b, 93;Drusie Frakes, Freshman, 93; WayneCottingnam, Sophomore, 95.Commercial Department MargaretBuchanan 99, Earl Crutis 98, WilliamChisholm 99, Frank Dejarnett SO,James Templin 98. SophomoresWayne Cottnngham 96,Ruth Chambers98, Hazel Duvall 95, Eli Friedman 97,James Horton 97, Edna Keller 96, JuhnMahaney 93, Edward Myall 98, Malvma Sharron 97, Gertrude Turpiu 94,Selo Wollstein 98. Juniors Earl Dickreson 97.THEATRICAL."THE SMART SET" COMING."There is nothing so human as laughter, and in the present production of"The Smart Set" in "The Mayor ofNew Town" there are no less than onehundred and fifty minutes ; each one alaugh, a sons? or a comedy minute, andwhich even a judge and jury ofgrouches would find guitly of incitinga riot of laughter. Specializing suchfun producers as Salem Tutt Whitney,who able critics pronounce the peer olall negro comedians and J. HomerTutt, who is an able asistant and MissEthel Marshal, a winsome prima donna, together with a cast which includesEdward Tolliver, Sam Gardner, WillDixon, Al Strouder, J. C. Wright, W.Blaine Walters, Nettie Taylor, MabelleBrown, Helen Chisraan, Grace Kneff,Babe Brown, Nina Marshall. Therewill be twenty-one muiscal numbersand a full scenic and electrical production add usual big singing ''SmartSet" chorus coining, to the Grand forone night, Monday, March 4.and cake. The tables were beautifullydecorated with white and crimsoncarnations. All of the young people ofthe town and community and severalout of town guests were present,among wbic .were the following:Misses ArderyGoddard, Litsey, Redwitz, Divine, Koberts, Miller, Stivers,Vallandinghair , Higgina and Houston,of Bourbon C liege, Pais;Mrs. Smoot,Miss Matild-' James and Mr. Cox,Paris; Miss L. rrine Wheeler and Mr.Luther I and, Lexington ; Mr. OffuttBlackburn, Georgetown.Tne ten-year pool wll close onMarch I.In order, therefore, to give everygrower of tobacco in Bourbon countyan opportunity to become a member ofsaid pool, or at least to fully understand its plans, I will be at the officeof the Burley Tobacco Society, in thebasement of the Court House, in Paris,on Tuesday and Wednesday, Feb. 27and 28, for the purpose of giving suchinformation as may be desired, andtaking the pledges of such as may desire to join the pool.And, finally, as the last opportunity,a mass meeting, or rally, of the tobacco men of the county, will be held onThursday, Feb. 29.Let us have a large attendance andfull discussion of the situation.Many believe, with good cause, wethink, that the present market for tobacco has been largely influenced bythe agitation of the ten-year pool, andthis we think, becomes more apparentas the price is advanced as the day forclosing the pool approaches.If these are facts, is not the BurleyTobacco Company, in which all the 1909poolers are asked to leave their 10 percent stock subscription, worth its costmany times over?Is it not wise for the tobacco growersof Kentucky to keep this company inexistence?This is a matter of vital importance.Come into Paris and lets discuss thematter together. We will have nooutside speakers, but a simple businesslike discussion of the situation.Come, then, on either of the daysnamed, and if yov are unwilling to signthe ten-year pool you certainly will bewilling to agree that your 10 per centstock subscription in 1909 pool may beheld by the Burley Tobacco Companyfor the purpose of starting a manufactory of tobacco, as well as creating astrong company that will at all timesbe ready to battle for the growersagainst the trust.J. A. LARUE,Chairman for Bourbon County.0atEqual.We now have the sole agency forOat-Equal, the celebrated horse, muleand cow feed. Give it a trial.YERKES & PRICHARD.BIRTHS.A son, their second, wa3 born Saturday morning at 7 o'clock to Mr. andMrs J. B. Wheat of near HutchisonStation.The stork visited Mr. and Mrs.Buckner Woodford, Jr., on the morning of the 25th of February and theyare receiving congratulations on thebirth of a son who is named for hisgrandfather, Buckner Woodford.MATRIMONIAL.Mr and Mrs. N. F. Collier, ofMillersburg, announce the engagementsof their daughter, Louetta, to Dr.James Harlan Comer, of thi3 city. Theannouncemen is of much interest tothe friends of the couple in this city.The bride, who is a cousin of Mrs. W.G. McCIintock, of Paris, has been afiequent visitor here, and Dr. Comeris a successful and popular youngdentist.McDonald Sale.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney reportsthe sale of James and John McDonald,held yesterday, as follows: Mules.$150 to $180 per head; horses $105;cows $56 ; sheep, $5 per head hogs,$5.50 per head; two-year-old cattle,$47 per head ; corn in crib, $3.75 perbarrel ; corn in field, $2.90 per barrel ;chickens, 5b cents each ; turkey hens,$3.90; one gonbler, $3.95; farmingimplements sold well. Attendancesmall.To Attend Conferring FirstDegree.Bourbon Lodge Odd Fellows will attend the meeting held in LexingtonThursday night to witness the first dergee which is to be conferred by thedegree team of Merrick Lodge. Ifsixty passengers can be secured theinterurban company will furnish aspecial rate of 60 certs for the roundtrip, going to the Auditorium and leaving from the Auditorium. Thosd desiring to go will give their name toJudge E. B. January. There will beeight candidates from Bourbon lodge.The farmers of Madison county arebusily engaged in breaking hemp. Theacreage is small, but the quality i3considered good. Scarcity of help isrepsonsible for the small amount raised in that county.House and Land for Rent.Eight room house with all necessaryoutbuildings and conveniences, largegarden, with ten acres of grass land,for cash rent. Only those ready tocomply with these terms need apply.Will also rent seven acres of virgintobacco land and fifty acres of cornland on shares. Above house andland situated on interurban two milesfrom Paris.CLARENCE WRIGHT.R. F. D. No. 8, Paris. -Ky.2t-pd E. T. Phone 299.V TVJOIN ,THE ORDERj BANK j- 'BANKBOOKOop7rilitl5l0, bythe Standard Air. CoT VHE "SECRET" is ThriftThe "OBLIGATION" is fro rfonrSpart of your earnings regularly. The"DEGREE" is Happiness, and there isno "Signal of Distress."::t:iWe pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accountsDEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS,Capital $100,000 Surplus $30,000