rs rr -s - jtiTv'V - 'WjWifV&?.--""V fSJflTHE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR. l.Vff.'"VV.-A-XVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, ERIDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1912&&&?mLfmm&&?WBmmAmwm&"JStvjg:jmwmmmmmwamIMHtBBBaanI nT-iO lsl llAflAMA44'Your FallAre HereThey are new, seasonable and reasonable. The assortment is made upof the best styles of the. world's bestShoe makers The scope is so broadand the size ranges so complete youwill find' your size in any make youdesire.We have also a full line of Misses',Children's and Boys' School Shoes inGun Metal, Patents and Tans.IGEO. McWILLIAMS,Phones 301The Shoe ManI!Pill Your PantryMNOW!v5 And You Will Have No Fear ofW the Rainy DayW16-lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.00 J25-lbs. Granulated Sugar 1.50Pure Hog Lard, per lb l5 VlPure Hog Lard, by the 50-lb. cans, - vv ' 14 iDry Salt Bacon, per lb ' 14 KNice lean Bacon, per lb 18 tf;Cu-To-No Breakfast Bacon, sliced 25 Cf?Cu-To-No Hams, Sliced , . .25 Vf2 Cans Good Corn 15 ifr)3 Cans Baby Bunton Corn 25 yjiRoyal Seal Oats, in cans 10Old Reliable Coffee, per lb 30 )J(Good Bulk Coffee, per lb 25 flPreserving Pears, per bu " 1.00 !WBLUE RIBBON FLOUR25-lbSack SOc50-lbSack $1.60 (ftlOO-IbSack $3.20 ttT. C. LEINIHAN,Cash Grocery.vBoth Phones 234w-iJSgg&mMimmmmmmmmmmmmmmmMmBtg&mwmmmmmmmmmmmimr$b3Te"wFall Hats!mmmftVv2 - -m .'&ZXwk In all the latest colors and Wmshapes, included areImported Velourvsm5.T.'mmnkBoys5 School Suits, Caps andOdd Pants.53m5!PRI6& & 60. GiotmersW& and Furnishers mBUsma!fVl!Negro Arrested Attempts toEscape.Frank Brookins, colored, was arrested Tuesday night by Patrolman G. N.Mcinney, on a warrant charging himwith grand larceny and issued in Harrison county. It was charged thatBrookins entered an L. and N. freightcar at Cynthiana and carried away acase of whisky. The warrant" againstBrookins was sent to Paris Tuesday.The negro was employed at the plantof the Paris Ice Manufacturing Co.,and Patrolman McKenney, togetherwith Railroad Detective Mullins andWatchman James Burke wqnt to theplant to make the arrest. PatrolmanMcKenney had received the information that the negro would take desperate .chances to evade arrest and hestationed Burke and Mullins on theoutside to be close in event he attempted to escape while the officerwas on the inside.Brookins submitted to arrestquietlj and said he would go with theofficer as scon as he got his coat.The officer accompanied him to the engine room, where he made a searchfor his coat, but it could not be found.Patrolman McKenney knowing the intentions of the negro were to make aneffort to effect his escape kept a closewatch on him, while walking towardsthe door leading to the platform atthe plant.As soon as he opened the door Brookins made a dash slamming the doorwith such force as to break a largewindow, the glass falling over the officer, who followed in close pursuit.However, Brookins ran into the armsof Ddetective Mullins who held himsecurely until Patrolman McKenneyarrived. He was lodged in jail andtaken to Cynthiana Wednesday morning by Jailer Joe Farris, who turnedhim over to the Harrison authorities.r1"WE KNOW HOW"Fall Hals.Call in and see our well selectedstock of fall and winter hats. Velourhats, all shades, rough and plain lelts,all the new shades. Correct styles inall stiff hats.24 tf MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREProgressive Culture Club Meets.The Progressive Culture Club metWednesday afternoon at their roomsin the Elks Building to commencetheir study for the season of 1912 and1913. The program for the year is"Travel in the Americas," and thefirst meeting was devoted to SouthAmerica before its conquest by Spain.Interesting papers on the Indian inhabitants were read by Mrs. DuncanBell, whose subject as "The Civilization of the Incas." Mrs. Roy Clendenin's paper on "The Manners andCustoms of the Incas" was read byMiss Saliie Daniels. Miss Clara BelleO'Neil discussed "The Rulers of theIncas," and Mrs. Robert Gocin's subject as "Religions ani Temples."After the program the club memberswere entertained by the members ofthe Program committee. Mrs." AlbertMorehead poured tea at a charminglyarranged table and she was assistedby Mrs. E. L. Harris and Mrs. AlbertHinton.A very interesting program is arranged for next week, and the club islooking forward to a most successfulyear.Now On Display.Our new line of fall hats await yourinspection. All styles, shopes and prices. Come in today and pick yoursout.24 tf MITCHELL & ELAKEMOKE.Democrats.Tuesday is Democratic RegistrationDay. Polls open at 6 a. m. and closeat 9 p. m.;It Is Not Too MarlyTo Buy a FallHat Now!Your old straw is beginning to look rusty andour stock of Stetson and Dunlap Hats is readyfor your inspection. We are showing all thenew shades in the Stetson Velours, the roughnappy finish in greens, heathers, browns andgrays.Fall Shoes in the Stetson.TShoe Korreet Shapeand Dr. Reed'sShoes are here in the swell English last, lowheels, flat sole, in Gun Metal and Tans. Comein and try a pair on.:iMitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to Men Paris, KentuckyJYKf mk IMC )Mf MMMmHlH25W!ltf f A$$$$S annul mi inn minimum iiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiimmmimmiimmiimiiiiiiimiimiimiiiuMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiM9 H9 I3FRANK & COSThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.ELiterary Club's CommitteeNamed.The Paris Literary Club held thefirst meeting of the year Wednesdayafternoon at the club parlors on Pleasant street. There was a cood attendance and the meeting was presidedover by Mrs. J. T. Vansant, president of the club. Reports of the various committHes were made by thechairmen and the report of the Statefederation which was held in Mammoth Cave last May was presented.Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay," Jr., delegate from the local club, gave a fulland interesting report which was supplemented by Miss Mary FithianHutchcraft, who spoke especially ofthe work'of the Committee on CivilService Reform. Mrs. Clay is theState Treasurer, elected to succeedMrs. R. B.fHutchcraf t, of Paris.The subject for.the club this year is"A Few English Speaking and Oriental Cities, Current Events." Thefollowing chairmen of the special committees as selected by the Presidentare as follows:Program Miss Buckner, Mrs. W. O.Hinton, Mrs. John Davis.Civic Miss Simms, Mrs. W. G.McClintock, Miss Nancy Griffith.Education Mrs. R. B . Hutchcraft,Mrs. F. P. Lwory.Press Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraft, Mrs. Charlton Alexander, Mrs.Amos Turnev, Jr.Lecture Mrs. W. G." Talbott, MissBlanche Lilleston, Mrs. Wash Webb.Forestry Mrs. R. C. Talbott.Civil Service Reform Mrs. WilliamMayll. "Food Sanitation Miss Mary FithianHutchcraft.Industrial and Child Labor Mrs.James McClure.Art Mrs. F. P. Lowry.Legislation Mrs. E. F. Clay. MissAnna May. Mrs. William Ardery.Waterways Mrs. Walter Payne,Mrs. J. S. Wilson, Mrs. Catesby.Woodford, Jr.Reception Miss Winnie Williams,Mrs. Withers Davs, Mrs. W. O. Hinton and Mrs. Henry Clay.InimitableAutumnConceitsj70U have never seen such an extraordinary and charming gathering ofAutumn suits, dresses and coats as weare now displaying.The , styles, with the many distinctive novelties they embody, will measure up to your most critical desires.Parismodes are brought to your door. ,.yV itern) c5FRANK & CO..Paris.Kentuckyanfumimimnii ininrimiiiiiinii tnunm nMiiiiiiiiiniinuiuiiiuiiiJLLujjjiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiinririiiniiiniinitria Ammmmmwmmmmmmmmwmmm-kJ , .w -r , .afc., mjB&&t- fcfcA.-Yfcafaj'jt -fa- mltoiC,JIU' &wi'f I 'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 27 1912.iiin,1fo,ttIh19SuiRSRK! UNIONIBMaobWe Also DoDYECLEANING.PRESSSNG,REPAIR5NG,Best WorkGuaranteed.EZIBetaSISHISIDstaSISSIMBISCIHS!5!e;r!ennii '515nils 'njQ ,BIB IIE IISin!ii"if'1iiIfiomas Bros.K"H!5H!S5!52!5S:S5!:H.,55slrarcii!iiii.... M idiNiaitiHaiiPublic Sale!I will, as administrator of Isaac P.Cbanslor. deceased, offer for sale onthe premises, one half mile south ofMillersburg, Boarhon county, Ky., onSaturday, Sept. 28th5 1912.at 10 oclock a. m., the following property :1 bay work horse,1 bay buggy horse,1 black buggy mare,1 black draft work and brood mare,with colt by her side that is sold for$125,2 milch cows and calves,3 yearling steers,About 90 head of red Jersey Durochogs,1 aged Jersey Duroc boar,4 young Jersey Duroc bears,2 buggies,1 surrey,1 runabout,2 sets of buggy harness,6 sets of work harness,1 two-horse wagon and wagon frame.1 two-horse cultivator,1 two-horse corn planter.1 two horse Randall harrcw1,2 mowing machines,1 dump cart,1 hay rake,1 binder,1 frame for housing green tobacco,1 bellows, anvil and set of blacksmith too's.Break and doub'e shovel olows andall other implements and tccls foundon a farm,4 Carpets,Household and kitchen furniture,1 kitchen range,1 incubator and brooder.1 philo.Lot of hay in rick,Lot of old corn in crib,About 25 acres of new corn,Oats in stack and barn.- TERMS. Made known on day ofgo pJ.'C. JEFFERSON, AdministratorAlso at the same time and place,Saturday, Sept. 28th, 1912,at 10 o'clock a. m., as acent" forheirs of Rachael J. Chanslor and isaaF. Chanslor. I will sell therarm. Lonsistine ot About 1 37.Acres.Said farm lies on the south of Millersburg, about one half mile fromtown on the east side of the Lexingtonand Maysville turnpike ; the L. & N.railroad running along west side. Thisis one of the most desirable farms inthe county. It has on it a two-storybrick house, with new roof and is ingood condition ; a tobacco barn andwarehouse, with plank floor and goodtobacco screw ; stable, corn crib, buggyhouse, chicnen house, smoke houseand splendid ice house, three cellars ;also tenementhouse. two cabins, andthe bsst spring in the county, and twoother fields with never failing water.This farm is well fenced and is in asgood a neighborhood as anyone could5wiph, and can all be plowed. There isabout 35 acres in corn and the rest ingrass. Anyone wishing a home willmake a great mistake if they don't attend this sale, as there is no better situation on the Lexington and Maysvilleturnpike, and is in one half mile oftwo of the best schools in the State,both male and female colleges andonly 7 miles from Paris. It will hesold as a whole, or dividpd to suit purchasers. TERMS. Made known on day ofsale.J. C. JEFFERSON, Agent forHeirs.TOO!XBjSl$S$R $E&3&& J$2&!w 'Sawm wvvA53rar- ' " " Jkss amBiamatillSin(218515BIBEI9(' Running up andjdown stairs, weep"anc and bending over making beds willnot make a woman healthy or beautiful. She must get out of doors, walka mile or two every day and takeChamberlain's Tablets toimprove herdigestion and regulate g her bowels..For sale bv sll dealers." . ' &.- VGiorieus Mews.comes from Dr. J. T. Curtiss. Dwight,Kas. He writes: "I not only havecured bad caEes of eczema in ray patients with Electric Bitters, but alsocured myaelf by them of the same disease. I feeLeure they will benefit anycase of eczema." This shows whatthousands have proved, that ElectricBitters is a most effective blood purifier. Its an excellent remedy for eczema, tetter, salt rheum, ulcers, boilsand running sores. It stimulates kidneys liver and bowels, expels poisons,helps digestion, builds up the strength.Price 50 cents. Satisfaction guaranteed by Oberdorfer.Food Value of Milk.One quart of milk is equal in foodvalue to three-fourths of a pound oflean round steak, eight eggs, sixpounds ct spinach, seven pounds oflettuce, four poinds of cabbage, twopounds of alt codfish, three pounds offresh codfish, two pounds of chicken,four pounds of beets, five pounds ofturnips, one-sixth of a pound of butter,one-third of a pound of wheat flour,one-tliird of a pound of cheese.Repels Altack of Death."Five years ago two doctors told me1 had only two years to live." Thisstartling statement was made by Stillman Green, Malachite, Col. "Theytold me I would die of consumption.It was up to me then-to try the bestlung medicine and I began to use Dr.King's New Discovery. It was well Idid, for today I am woikinc and believe I owe my lif i to this great throatand lunc cure that has cheated thegrave of another victim." It is follvto sueffer with coughs, colds or otherthroat and lung troubles now. Takethe cure that's safest. Price 50 centsand SI. Trial bottle free at Oberdorfer's. Normal Education.If education were normal, we wouldfind it a wide, free, subtly adjustedsj'stem of transference of knowledgewherein each and all could delightedlybring their minds to be fed, life-long;and wherein those most gifted asteachers: i. e., most enjoying theactive side of that transference, coulddelightedly do the feeding. Gilman.To Mothers and Others.You can use Bucklens' Arnica Salveto cure children ot eczema, rashes, tetter, chafings, scaly and crusted humors, as well as their accidental injuriescuts, burns, bruises, etc., with nerfect safety. Nothing else heals soquickly. For boils, ulcers, old runningor fever sores or piles it has no equal.25 cents ot Oberdorfer's.Smallest Book in the World.The smallest book in the world is inthe library of congress, always underlock and key. It is a copy of the Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam. The tinyvolume was made by Nathan Dale ofCleveland, O. It was photographed,each page separately. Four books ofthe same size would just cover a postage stamp. Three hundred of them,would weigh a pound.Hardly Satisfactory.Glancing hastily down the pages ofTommy Jones examination papers,the teacher's heart thrilled over Tommy's unexpectedly good showing, fornot one of the questions remained unanswered. But upon subjecting thepaper to a more careful perusal herpride In Tommy's proficiency had afall. After seven of the ten questions Tommy had written politely: "Iam sorry that this is a subject onwhich I have no information."Awful Danger.' Two little children were playing inthe bath tub, and the elder thoughtshe saw a sudden danger. "Jump out,Mary!" she cried in great excitement,"jump out this minute. The stopper'scome out and you'll run down thepipe if you don't get out quick!"Willow Jardinieres.The jardinieres of willow which.may be had in all sizes, come In thewhite as well as the soft green.These, when fitted with a metal lln-: ing, make artisticflower vases forthe porch.TheBourbon Horse GoodsGo,J Incorporated.1 Manufacturers ofi Harness, Horse Boots and1 Leather Novelties of.; All Kinds,I All Orders Promptly Executed Andj Work Guaranteed.No. 304 IVlain Streetj Repairing of All Kind DoneI ' While You Wait.)rI Opp. Court House,,If you knew of the "real value ofChamberlain's Liniment for lame backsoreness of the muscles, sprains andrheumatic pains, you would never wishto he without it. For saleDy ail dealers.A X .ATHE-BOUKBON. N-EWSPAHIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP, - . - PublisherEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second "classEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and Fridaydne Year. . . .2.00 Six Months. .1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matt er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right o? publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.DEMOCRATIC TICKET.For President,HON. WOODROW WILSON, .of New Jersey.For Vice-President,HON. THOS. R. MARSHALL,of Indiana.For Congress,HON. J. CAMPBELL CANTRlLL,of Scott county.The Clay Industry.The state of Ohio is still leading thecountry in the clay industry. The value of its clay products for the year of1911 amounted to about one fifth ofthe total for the United States.Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Illinois follow Ohio in the order named ina'bulletin issued by the United StatesGeological Survey. The value of clayproducts in Ohio was S32.663.89o; inPennsylvania, $20,2,;0.033; in NewJersey, S18, 178,228; in Illinois, $14.333,011. The'production of all kinds of brickin the United.States in 1911 was morethan ten billions. The total productionof common brick was 8.475.277,000,valued at 849,885,262. Of this NewYork contributed the largest amount,1,143,726,000, ; valued 3 at 85,918,286.Illinois was second in output with1,074,486,000, but the product had thergeater value of 6.126911. No otherstate reached the trillion mark. TheGeological Survey bulletin does notgive the value of Kentucky's clay products, but in 1909 and 1910 Kentuckywas fourteenth in rank as comparedwith other states, and the value of the1910 production was $2,567,537. Thefigures for 1911 should show a substantial gain, as the clay industry is making some progress in the State. Kentucky has a great variety of clays,ranging from the most ordinary to themost desirbale kinds. A good deal ofclay is mined and shipped out of thestate and there are openings in manylocalities for the establishment ofprofitable clay working industries.Abounding in resources nf this kindfrom the Mississipui River to the BigSandy the State should take a muchhigher rank in the clay industry thanit now holds.A Man of Men.Measured injevery way and judgedfrom every standard, Governor Wilsoncompletely fills the bill of a man whoshould occupy the high office of President of the greatest nation on earth.Capbaie, scholarly, courageous, safeand patriotic, he will make an idealpresident whose single aim will be toobey the constitution and do the greatest number. His majority should beso large that it will serve lasting notice to the interests that this is thegovernment'of thejpeople. by the pecfple, and not of the people by thetrusts.The Young Idea.Teacher "What is a weathervane?" Pupil "Why why, it's achicken on a roof." Judge.A Striking Comparison.The difference in the cost of livingin Detroit and just across the river inWindsor Canada supplies ust with astriking definition of the real meaningof excessive tariff rates. Prices offoodstuffs wearing "apparel and rentsaverage from 20 to 25 ner cent"more inDetroit than in Windsor. And betweenthe two cities there are but 2,561 feetof water and the Payne-Aldrich tariffbill. The Detroit man is "protected,"the Windsor man is not. By not beingprotected, the Windsor man pays S15for a suit of clothes "jthat the Detroitman will find it dicffiult to duolicate inquality for $25. What the Wandsor manis escaping in this instance is'the Aid-rich-Paynetax of 44 cents a pound ongood all wool clothes, and the additional tax of 60 per cent on the value ofthe goods. j PMisleading.- The'Republican campaign bookxontains the remarkable statemet attributed to Theodore Justice, of Pennsylvania, that "in the textile trade- theprotective benefits of the tariff nearlyall go to labor. The inaccuracy of thisstatement was abundantly demonstrated by the revelations incident to theLawrence strike. In confirmation ofthis a writer in the Atlantic Magazineshow? from the records that "a yardof men's gworsted suiting was foundby the tariffjboard to cost an Americanmill $1.71 to place on the market. Therate of payment to the weaver on hiscloth was ascertained to be only 5 centsa yard, but the present tariff dutyis $1.02." This is but one fact ofmany. Another equally impressive isthat while the American Woolen company is decalring dividends upon millions of dollars of water, half the employes of that cornoration receive lessthan $10 a week in wages.Governor Marshall.It was real inspiration that causedthe Baltimore Convention to placeGovrenor Thomas R. Marshall on theticket with Governor Wilson. Ae Governor of Indiana he has demonstratedhis capacity and his Dublic expressionsbefore and after he nomination stamphim as a man that should be honoredand trusted. The Governor is a firmbeliever that any system of government which enables one man to takeadvantage of another is not a systemunder which a Demcoratic condition oflife cant hrive. and his life time efforthas been for a'relurn to first principles. No Tainted Money for WilsonThe announcement is made that the--Steel Trust is backing Colonel Roosevelt. Other trusts are also contributing to his campaign. "but the bulk ofthe trust money goes to Taf t who signed the Payne-Aldrich robber tariff bill,and vetoed everv effort of the Democratic Gonrgess to mitigate in somelegree its hardships.There are no trusts, corporations orother doubtful concerns behind Governor Wilson, who has Dositively refusedto accept any of their gifts. He is depending alone on the people to -financehis campaign and he is not reckoningin vain. When he is elected President,as he seems sure to be and will if every Democrat does his duty, he willtake the office free from any entanglement and be the president of thewhole people. The prospect of such achange'should fire the heart of everypatriotic man to help in the accomplishment of so glorious an end.Satire on Our College Youth.Three boys front Yale, Princetonand Harvard were in a room when alady entered (says Life). The Yaleboy asked languidly if some fellowought not to give a chair to the lady;the Princeton boy slowly broughtone, and the Harvard boy deliberately sat down in it.Pity the Poor Fat Person.A fat French, lady despairinglysays: "I am so fat that I pray for adisappointment to make me thin, hutno sooner does the disappointmentcome than the joy at the prospect ofgettingever."thin makes me fatter thanWhole Difference Is Here."The difference between clevernessand ignorance is that the clever onesget what" they want and don't wastetime wanting what they can't get;and the fools cry for the moon.""The Forest on the Hlil," by EdenPhillpotts.Lessons We Don't Forget.Oft have I thought jabber as hewill how learned soever, a manknows nothing but what he has learned from experience. Christopher Martin Wieland.CONFIRMED PROOF.Residents of Paris Cannot DoubtWhat Has Been TwiceProved.In gratitude for relief from achesand pains ot Pad backs from distressing kidney ills thousands have publicly recommended Doan's KidneyPills. Residents of Paris who so testified years ago, now say the resultswere permanent. This testimony doubly proves the worth of Doan's KidneyPills to Paris kidney sufferers.Mrs. J. T. Martin, Pleasant andEleventh streets, Paris, Ky.. says:"All I have ever said uraising Down'sKidney Pills was entirely correct and Iconfirm my former public"endorsj?mentof this'remedy. It permanently curedme of kidney trouble. I suffered quiteseverely from pains across !the smallof mv back and in my kidneys. Thetrouble alarmed me and I tried manymedicines. I did not get relief, however, until I orocured Doan's KidneyPills at Wilson's drug store. They improved my condition in every way andI can certainly say that they are apreparation of merit."For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Fodter-Milburn Co., Buffalo,New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the name Doan ndtake'no other,a eLcsn r i". it. a tjstsce&3tf$WOMAN?S TRIALS,The burdens a roman has to carry through life are .many but they can feelightened if she will turn to Dr. Fxerce's Favorile Prescription. A soothing andstrengthening nervine subdying nervous excitability, prostration, hysteria, hotflashes and the many symptoms which may be caused by distressing ills peculiarto women. For those " dragging-down " pains or distress and tor the derangements and irregularities the "Favorite Prescription" has had nTany thousands oftestimonials from people living in every part of America. Another important!. ... ...nM. ;s tlmf lii mr3irjrt' i? mnrfe from efficient medicinal rnrfcfithmit tli use nf alcohol, narcotics, or any injurious ogents. bull ht of ingred!-- .:.. u.l-Trran-.m oir) cwnm fo hv "Dr. R. V. Fiarcc who isuuu gucu UIX UUIUU.-K.his sT2cialty.HRS. LtOSSELL,rlf -!t " can 'dieTf u!l7 rcot-nind your remedies, espciaVy.? :Pft vonri'ri,''ori.3Pr"3cript;!''n-' it ad i-inal disorders," writes"- p9 Mr.3.31. AI. :-Ior.r.zr.L. u Bluff Ciy, Term., Route 2. Darir -S i$i the pa it sore i year? 1 smTerf-d from pains in the back aill rT p" OY1H2S. Tri.d many retrdies tn found onlv tranieitk-A reli f ui.t'l I vas prsuactol bv a friend to try Dr. Piercpxz-irycortrkht;quantities,put on 26good as ne"w1never needed repairs.Don't put on that roofuntil you see them.6For Sale by Miller &S2sS&?5SSiSSSb GgThat Vou Try OurrIt will give satisraction from the start.Why not begin to-day burning it?Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.QrggqggggxgegfesSKgasi if7TaiCumberland TelephoneINCORPORATEDFor reliable telephoneLONG DISTANCE, usebon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg,North Mid die town, JLittle Rock andRuddles Mills.5 'When you have Cumberland service youJHAVE telephone service."Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporatedAUTO FOR HIRESpecial attention given toparties desiring to hire automobiles. Call on us forpricesTRANSFERBest equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given tq all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Livery, Feed and Sales Stable.Eighth Street Both Phones.Some Good AdviceTo the People.Don't sell your old feathers until you find out the prices, Youcan call us and we will look atyour feather, or if you live inthe counrry send us a samnle. Iwill let you know what they are jworth. Some old feathers if theyhave been well cared for are asgood as new. We pay -marketprice for new f eathe,rs.MAX MUNICK,8th Street?, PARIS, KY.Call East Tenn: Phone 374Prpssirlon-of the Invalids' H tel and S-rcal Institute, at Buffalo,N. Y. Every woman is invito J to write to this Institute anireceive confidential and sound n:cJ:cal advice, entirelywithout cost "from on-? who nkes the diseases o womenI found thrt it would do jut what it is recommended t,do. I usd in all sc-vra bottles. I cannot speak too high.7of -Dr. Pierce's remeaie3 lor an iemaie aaranements.''Dr, PleTcs's Plaasent Peileis regulate liver ills.NETmUsed in ever increasingbecause the roofsyears ago are asto-day, and haveI'MUfaBest, Millersburg, Ky.and Cclegrapb gempuyservice,both local andtheCuniberlancLgBour-Modern Equipment4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service,Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDProfessional CardsJ J. WmLIAMS,attorney-at-law.Room 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 51-1 Main Street. .Office Phones Qlel.ResidenceE. T. 334.Home 334.DK.A.U KELIjEB,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4j and 5, Elk's Bld'g.Pris, - KentuckyftINWBARBERSHOP'' ' " . - - I 1-s - mTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER SET? 1912""'lA!"i v 1- '1 "if -tmnjrBurley Tobacco GrowersBoost Your Own. BrandsWe, as you know, are using your choicest tobacco nf thet-r:as of Strater Bros.' Branch, and you know that nobody growsUtter tobacco than you do. You know how we manufacture, sou know that these brands are perfection. Now we want you to.'- us sell these brands s this year even better than our best: - vious years. The reasons you should so help asanas follows:You Are Part Ownerfact that you grow the tobaccos you part ownerof all thesebrands.time that one sells you profit.-j word that you say in favor of anyc to increase those sales. Everyi that you buy for your own use. make those profits better. All ourrsts your interests and ours areT d in these several tobaccos. It is- that you should bend all of yourt jrts, however small, in the selling.The United Power of40,000 Buyers"30 :nen in a section wield an enor--,buying influence. If all ask for- brards when they "buy tobacco- results a gigantic sale. And bigzxq the best advertising known.Smokers and chewers flock to brandsthat they see the most people buying.40,000 steady users indirectlv make 40,000 more. Get them for Strater Bros.'Branch Brands the brands that yougrow forby using these brands yourself.Tell Every Friend -Tell your friends of these brands. Tellthem what you know of the tobacco. Tellthem you grow it and smoke and chewit yourself, so you know. Tell them itcomes from Kentucky, from the centerof the richest Burley sections. Let themknow it's the cream of your crops andthat they can buy these brands from'most any dealer, because dealers knowthat these brands are the best they canbuy.Burley growers should be Burley Boostersand the best way to boost is to BUY BurleyYOUR OWN BRANDS-YOURSF.Tn Dealer ' Dealers throughout the United States know these famous tobaccos.l u i-fci.&j o . They are Nation-wide sellers-popular brands. They are helping theser& to prosper. Tney are made from the pick of the famous crops of 40.000 growers.-' one of these growers is boosting them all. So are all of their friends. This method is. ng the profits to dealers to those who sell these brands. Are they working for you4ere are the mild, fragrant smoking brands GOLDEN GLOW PENNY POST FULL PAY.Here arc the delicious chewing brands INDEX BY JOE TWIST CUP DAY'S WORK' THESQUARE-TORCHLIGHT-STRATER'S NATURAL LEAF.put them into your stock. See how they sell.STRATER BROS. TOBACCO COMPANY BRANCHBURLEY TOBACCO COMPANY, Incorporated, Louisville, Ky.(2)L. dc N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT ll:oP. M.So2 1312332$25)iS5393083231So.3i4294010137373313364(yTrains ArriveFROMAtlanta, Ga., Daily 5 21 amLexington. Ky., Daily 4.15amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.33 amRowland, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday S.12 amCincinnati, O., DBily T 9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 amLexington, Ky, , Daily 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ." 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pmKnoxvillet Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily 5.40 pmCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5.47 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6,03 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.5o amJacksonville. Fla., Daily 6.05 pmCincinnati, O. , Daily 10 :50 pmTrains IDe-partTOCincinnati. O., Daily 5Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday oLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday : 8Lexington, Ky., Daily .0Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10Lexington, Ky., Daily 10Maysville, K., Daily 12Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12Lexington, Ky., Daily Except bunday. .. 6.J5 Cincinnati, O., Daily 39 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 539 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 532 Cincinnati. O., Dailv 6.S Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 63 J Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday G,31 Lexington, K., Daily 1013 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.28 am35 am.47 am.20 an:.20 am.57 am.55 am.24 am.27 am.05 pm.04 am.34 pm.40 pm,52 pm.57 pm10 pm.lo pm.25 pm.57 pm,55 pmIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trains rrrreNo. " FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda S.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.30 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pmTrains Depart 'So. TO7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday 9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky Daily.Except Sunday 5.53 pm;uffer!" I had been troubled, a little, for nearly 7 years," writesMrs. L. Fincher, in a letter from Peavy, Ala.; "but. I wasnot taken down, until March, when I went to bed and hadto have a doctor. He did all he could for me, but I got nobetter. I hurt all over, and I could not rest. At last, I triedCardui, and soon I began to improve. Now I am in verygoor "aitn, ana ame 10 ao an my uuuacwuiiuThe.Woman'sidnicYou may wonder why Cardui is so successful, afterother remedies have failed. The answer is that Cardui issuccessful, because it is composed of scientific ingredients,that act curatively on the womanly system. It is a medicinefor women, and for women only. It builds, strengthens, and,restores weak and ailing women, to health and happiness.If you suffer like Mrs. Fincher did, take Cardui. Itwill surely do for you, what .it did for her. At all druggists.Sor SMdal Jnttnctkni. ss4 M-pve soak, "Hosle Treatest Jor Womea." seat free. J 60HERE'STHEHOGBOURBON REMEDY CO.,Lexington, Ky.Enclosed find photo of hog that was cured ofcholera with your Bourbon Hoe Cholera Remedy. This hog was almost dead before usingthe medicine, and then was entirely cured, except loss of ears, tail, etc. The hog Is owned byMr. Skiles Ewing, of Bowling Green, Ky. Hewill be glad to give you a testimonial, and wocan get several more if you want them.JENKINS-SUBLETT DRUG CO.,Bowling Green, Ky,Ask Your Druggist for Itfor Sale dy W. T. Brooks.Insure with W. O. Kinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfFOR RENT.A modern five room cottage on Walker avenue. Possession given at once.Anply toSep 3 3t LEE STARKE.EXCURSIONParis, Ky.9 toCincinnati, Q,And Return.i X'P'Tt'v16 jpplIN PRSDNDAY,SEPTEiHBER29,I9I2)Fare $1.50 And Return.Excursion Train' leaves 7thStreet Station Returning to Parisaf 7 p. m.Tickets good only day of sale.For further information, call on orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent.or J. K. SMITH, T. A.DR. DOLLE'SMESSAGE TOYOU CAN BE CURED BYINNCI2$NADH. C. L. DOLLS.Why TaJvO Treatment That Is Doing You7o Good, "W In-: a Fm Dij under the careoi Dr. Dolle Will Show ton How EaBy It1-. to Curo T?iesc JMencH AVh.cn tlie Proper'Iroctiutut $b Ailiaiaiattred.Tlavs you treated for menth and years, andbe ou diappo iHi-d until 5011 ihirk thi-toucan-uobe enroll You, no acabt, all this time havebeoii trcuvd vy imc-v need doctors ivho hadnvith'T 5utli"ient ki.3 Vlodfec nor experience toknow hov, tc furc jfii.Tlicsn arc the tllaises of wliicli I liavoru-n(lM)jaaii, ,,i'.sjLi- jrivixig ine the reput.4i .cu for ciin. 5 oT which. 1 am so proud.Ulocd Biasases, Skin DiseatseaI T7i.I pr.e ycu ireatinent that will in a fewuu uTv hi I r.uh, suots ai.d every sign andi3Dtom. My treatment p:.'lb '.he poison out ofvra-y-teii nMe.'ia of dnvuip; it 111 like ordinarytr v'.ni:. I curj t.o-J duaccs and skin ais-oi-oo 1 .t.;' c inn t cme backVcr-'cocele," cusl: s ncaing or pain into a cr bv-ck, I"crrouciics3, Weakness,jj-o cf VtI-ty, Z-azlz cf AmbitionIS one trcatme.it cure is what you shouldhae r.d w!,t ou will le to have to be curedn,ht. Oiiy oac V5it 13 required. I do no cutting and jou suJIer c pa:m cor trouble. Allsigns I.sa: pear In a few daysI'.rvcus Troubles, Lost VitalityMveoiblncl treatment vfcr thee troubles coconimoniraon those who Si e become weak andvoraout, w ho hti e caused it b folly, dissipationand excesses, is rcwnkablj pood No one believ eshow quickly it benefits until tuy hae taken it.It overcomes wenkue, nenobsnes. pain inhicK, lack of energy, ambition and strength it'sjust the treatment I hae found so ettecthe intreating sueh d.scacs.- Kidney and. Bladder Troublesare scientifically cured by me My methods immediately benefit you, and the majority of casesI cure come from physicians and specialists whofailed.Pile Fist ntap lc&n cure yu 6I-ICfc, riMUldC quickly and easilythat j ou will be surprised. I will give you justthe result and cure jou are looking for withouta surgical operation.Acute Diseasesl-ga"!remedies seldom cure. My treatment stops everysymptom and cures in. a few days. It is scientificthat's the only sure way to be cured bo it willnot come back.You can take my Treatment without acent and pay mo after I cur you. I knowthat I can giveyou new life, new hope, and canrestore you back to health and happiness. Iknow that every man will pav after I have eliminated every trace of disease from his system.Microscopical and analytical urinalysis FREE.I have writeen a book that ought to be in thehands of every sutterinjr man in this country. Iwill send you a copy, free, if you will write me atonce the disease for which you desire treatement.Hours, 9 to 4 : Sunday?, 9 to 1 p. m. EvenlDgs,7 to 8. on Monday .Wednesday and Saturday nightsc. l: dolle, m. d.Over Columbia Theater 525 Walnut St, betweenFifth and Sixth Streets.Office easy to find, as Ml that Ib necessary is touk tor the Columbia Theater, and any one cantell you tbi. ......(w 'wSRlBJMpiWWIIfHEAD DRESS A SYMBOLMEANING IN ORNAMENT WORNBY THE RED MAN.Significant to Friends and EnemiesWas. the Feathered Headgear SoProudly Worn by the Honored"Braves" of the Prairies.Few ornaments worn by the Indians are purely decorative, as we areaccustomed to believe.- Almost everyfantastic part of the "Brave's" garb,says the Boston Herald, was symbolic,and as such it was honored by the on.looker and esteemed by the proud possessor. Such was true especially ofthe feathered headgear known as thewar bonnet. This ornament stood fcrthe social relation, the interdependence, and was not directly connectedwith the supernatural, as were somany of the Indian's symbols."With the Omahas, the materials required to make the bonnet were gathered by the man who wished to possess it, but its manufacture dependedon the assistance of many persons. Asort of skull cap was made of dresseddeerskin, with a flap hanging behind;a border of folded skin about the edgeformed the foundation for the crownof golden eagle leathers, which werefastened so as to stand upright aboutthe wearer's head. Each one of thesefeathers stood for a man; the tip ofhair fastened to the feathers andpainted red represented the man'sscalplock. Before a feather-could befastened on the bonnet a man mustcount his honors which entitled himto wear the feather, and enabled himto prepare the feather for use indecoiating the war bonnet.When a warrior counted his honors, he held up the feather which wasto represent them, saying: "In such abattle I did this," etc. At the conclusion of the recital the feather"washanded to the man who was manufacturing the war bonnet, who then putthe feather in its proper place. Asmany of these bonnets contained 50or more feathers, and as each feathermust have an honor counted upon it,and no honor could be counted twice,the manufacturer of a bonnet requiredseveral helpers and the task took considerable time often several days, iStrips of ermine, arranged to fallover the ears and cheeks, were fastened to the bonnet. The ermine reprecented alertness and skill in evading pursuit. A bird or some othersymbolic object could be fastened onthe crown of the skull cap. This object was generally some feature of theman's vision through which he believed he received supernatural aidin the time of need. Sometimes theflap was embroidered with porcupinework or painted with symbolic designs. Songs were sung during the !making of the bonnet.Before the advent of the horseamong the Indian tribes the flap ofthe bonnet did not extend below thewaist, thus avoiding interferencewhile walking or the wearing of otherornaments; but after the horses became plentiful the flap was extendedto a man's feet when standing; whenthe man was mounted it lay on theback of his horse. In former times aman could not deck his leggings orshirt with a fringe of hair except byconsent of the -warriors. Honors hadto be counted on the strands of hairas on the feathers used in making thewar bonnet, therefore each lock ortuft of the fringe stood for a war honor, and no honor could be countedtwice. It was this custom that madegarments of this character so hijhlyvalued. The hair for the fringe wasgenerally furnished by the man's female relatives. Each of the locksforming the fringe was usually sewedin a heading of skin, frequently ornamented with quill work. The reasonfor the passing of these ancient andhonorable decorations is obvious,since Uncle Sam has so rigorously for.bidden war.IEXINGTONQCTO," 8 TOIlllllillliiFTHE MlK$s,oeQij91THEWORLD'SGREATESTCONTESTS!S 4BEST" jTRAGIC1KENTUCKY T, H. B. ASSOCIATION0$21,000 THE KENTUCKY FUTURITY$ 3,000 THE WALNUT HAIiL CUP$ 5,000 THE TRANSYLVANIA - -$3,000 THE CASTLETON CUP$ 9,300 CHA3IPIONSHTP STALLION5,000 THE OCTOBJn: PRIZE -- TUESDAY", OCT. SWEDNESDAY, OCT. 0THURSDAY, OCT. 10- MONDAY, OCT. 14r- MONDAY, OCT. 14:WEDNESDAY, OCT. 16A BIG STAKE EVERY DAYWeber's Prize Band of America .One Fare RAILROAD RATES One FalreWRITE FOR PROGRAMmsMvanHEaeNew FallSuits9Arrivio'" N T& O " jfX. !-ja -DailyJ . jSS Wk' t .vOT ,- ...'i WPP $& i "w &. - , ' 'Stdb jSCML0SSB0S5C0 I v' " 'VsSvV JfloeCItkeHker I v.' "!' ' 'I II I ! ISchEcss Bros.. Sc Co.,Baltimore, Md., -ssr-Herzc5 tVfade SuitsAre Here Direct,Frc rrs The TasEorsHands. . .123?We are shewing the new Plum?Carnation, Grey and Brcwns, theprices very reasonable, 15 to $25.All Wool Fall Suits, newestshades at.... 10, S12.50and $15.Our, Fall Line of -Haws VonGol Hats Douglass Shces andTiwn Bros., Special Shoes are arriving daily. tThe showing we are makingfor Fall is in every way up to thehighest class, our prices are morereasonable than elsewhere. J,TWIN BROS.f CLOTHING DEP'T.LWo!fstein, Proprietor.Passing of the Parlor.Another sign of the times is thepassing of the parlor and the makingof the best room in the house the living room. Time was when the parlorwas like a new suit of clothes, onlyto be used on special occasions. Itwas usually furnished with uncomfortable chairs that were covered up duf- jmg tne week and used on Sunday.Times have changed, however, andpeople are furnishing rooms, insteadof parlors. Here we find the pianoand big, comfortable chairs that areready for business all the time. Someof the big houses have the drawingroom, but in the average home, the living room has taken the place of theparlor. It is only another sign thatpeople are realizing the necessity ofhaving a house furnished in real,homelike fashion.Great Idea.John, aged 7, was very fond of running with his younger brotherthrough the ash pile near home. Theirmother remonstratetd in vain abouttheir shoes until she hit on the planof making the boys clean them, Johnone day and little Arthur the next.This seemed a great joke until Johnhad actually puffed over the taskthrough the best part of an hour. Hestuck it out, putting a shine on thefour little shoes; then he went to hismother with serious face and said:"Mother, I've got the idea. I won'tever run 'through the ashes any moraexcept on Arthur's day to clean!"Uncle Penny wise Says.I hate a man who goes aroundflashing a big wad of bills, and bragging that he didn't take a vacation.SBWlSSBSMBBirjKTsSl?T7 t3jrTJ?"My PJMMP dl a H JH SSsH BBK B Jl aSBSBsVy0mSo Simple Anyone CanRimNo need of a mechanic to take care of theStudebaker"20." No need of a chauffeur. Youor your wife can run it as easily as an expert.Simplicity of operation and control, addedto the light running and easy riding qualities ofStudebaker cars are the delight of their 75,000,"ownersThe Studebaker (Flanders) "20" is equal inquality of material arjd workmanship to any carmade, and its low price and low upkeep costputs it within your reach.We know the quality of our cars becauseevery part is made in our own plants andiguarantees to us what we guarantee to youo.The Studebaker name, too, means service afteryou buy.Ready for immediate delivery.jjtpR Tffisl ffF mm 'Tfiii "smmIfljjThe $800 Studebaker (Fiander.)"20"f ? I' 9 EIyW mm Wf, within Wfa JJifaM. Pr-t-Q-Lit Taafct UNI iSfMMHBnM, vu. :Ask mm dtmlf tor the new Stwdebuher mrt catalogue or mend t r 2fW 3ttStodkcr Corporation Detroit, MkhlfmtP rBourbon Garage& Supply Co., Agtemi ii tuiajinwnnwwya mattamtmiTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 27, 4912 .. tXItIf u5 t?'-5 "rSynopsis of Game Law.Every hunter in Kentucky must havea State Hunter's License, except'thosewho hunt on their own land or leasedland or adjoining land.Hunters must secuie written permission to hunt on any land.You cannot buy or sell game fromstates which prohibit same.You may kill squirrels from June 15to February 1.You may kill wild duck from August15 to April 1.r You may kill wild goose from August 15 to April 1.You mav kill woodcock from June 20to February 1.You may kill quail from November15 to January 1.You may kill doves from August 1to February 1.The sale of wild turkeys is prohibited. Quail or partridges must not betaken by net, snare, trap or box at anytime.No nerson or company shall ship wildturkey, pheasant, partridge, quail orgoose, unless lawfully killed and inpossession of a hunter.Rabbits and sauirrels must not bekilled between SeDtebmer 15 and November 15, but rabbits can be takenwith dogs at any time.Much Required .of Farmer Boy.A farmer boy isn't considered ofmuch account unless he can do thework of four ordinary men. Exchange. Lease Building for New Garage.With a view of extensive advances inthe automobile business the firm ofYerkes & Prichard has leased thestoreroom on Main street known asthe Benj. Pery stand and in a shorttime will oonvert it into a garage andmachine shop.The building will undergo many imrprovements and an addition in therear of the present structure will neerected. The new addition will beutilized as a garage, while the spacein front of the store will be used fora display room and a machine and repair shop will be installed in the rear.The-owner of the building, Mr. J.A.t Stern, will add a new front on the.building and make the necessary improvements to meet the demands ofhis'lessees and work will begin at theearliest possible date.nCurtis Henry & Co.,GrocerieSj Drygoods, Fresh and CuredMeats, Vegetables, Fruits, Etc.Both Phones 442We Want Your Trade on the Merits of Our Goods.Everything We Sell is Guaranteed.Our accommodations are the best in town Anew Auto Delivery, Polite Attention andAlways a Special Effort to Please : : : :A Pew Things Others Haven't Might InterestCream Flour, French Bread, Golden SunCoffee, Sweet-Orr Overalls, American BeautyCorsets, Royal Tailoring and many others toonumerous to mention. Give us a trial.Yours for more business.CURTIS HENRY CO.Cor. 1 4-th and Vf ainLfte flgriculturlCapitalJ 100,00.00Surplus$67,500.00GENERAL NEWS.William Marconi, of wireless tame,was injured in an automobile collisionnear Sepezia, Italy.The Democratic organization in Kentucky hopes by October 1 to raise550.000 towards financing the nationalcampaign.Three men are believed to be deadand seven others injured from the collapse of walls of the new Almeda Hotel at Kansas City.Postmaster General Hitchcock hascalled the postmasters of the five largest cities otthe country to.Washingtonj to confer on plans for establishing theparcels posu.The Kentucky Court of Appeals hasdecided that the selling of sandwiches,bread andTcoffee is a work of necessityand therefore not a violation of theSunday labor law.With a triple split in the Republicanparty of Iowa it appears that Gov.Wilson will be able to overcome themajorities of Taft and Roosevelt andwin that State's electoral vote.By the terms of an alliance betweenthe New York Central and WesternMaryland railroads announced Tuesdaycoal from the Pittsburg district willbe put into competition with fields inKentucky and West Virginia.State Insurance Rate Reduced.A big reduction in insurance ratesfor the State of Kentucky has been ordered by the State Insurance Commission which has just made up its newschedule.The Commission has decided on ageneral reduction of rates on allclasses of dwellings, farm houses andtheir contents.& Nothing has been done regardingmercantile rates or special hazards;these come up later. The new ratewill show a reduction throughouttheState of about 25 per cent.The State Board, composed of Chairman M. C. Clay, of Mt. Sterling ;RubyS Laffoon, of Madisonville, andNewton O. Gay, of Eddyville, met inLouisville Friday night and conferredwith representatives of the underwriters, and after going over the matter thoroughly, decided upon the newschedule.'iYou:JBank of Paris.Protection$79500.00City Official Draws Suspension.Charged with violating the provisions of the city ordinance regulatingthe conduct of city ofiiccials, JohnCain, City Street Superintendent, wassuspended for a period of thirty daysby the unanimous vote of the City.Council at the meeting last night. Thecharges wer preferred bv CouncilmanWilliam Kenney, who presented theaffairs regarding the conduct of Cain,who it was alleged had been intoxicated several times since the passageof the ordinance prohibiting city officials from drinking and insubordination, and had been arrested a numbrof times on the former charge andpjeading guilty in Police Court wasfined.A motion for his immediate dismissal from further service as a cityofficial was made but was modifiedwith a suspension, for the offensebrought to the notice of the -Board.The Council passed an ordinance regulatmgthe speed of automobiles andproviding for the suppression of unnecessary noises produced by exhausts,siren and wildcat" whistles, and an ordinance regulating traffic. The Boardalso passed an ordinance creating aBoard of Commissioners for the W. W.Massie Hospital.The bids for concrete work submitted by George Moiat and Hicks & Denton were accepted, and the prices ;ofboth contractors being the same it wasthe unanimous opinion of the Boardthat the work should be evenly divided. DEATHS.SNYDEKMr. George VV. Snyder, aged 81years, died at his home in Mt. SterJling Wednesday morning after aweek's illness with stomach and kidney trouble and the infirmities of age.Mr. Snyder was one of Montgomerycounty's oldest citizens. He was bornin Bourbon county on October 28, 1831,ana resided in Paris until the outbreak of the Civil War when he joinedthe Union army serving throughoutthe war in the 24th Kentucky Regiment and participating in the battleof Shiloh and other important engagements. After the war Mr. Snyder settled pona farm in Montgomery county. Hemarried Miss Rachel de Graffenreid,who survives him. One child wasborn to this union, Martin Snyder,who died in young manhood. He wasan uncle of Mrs. Sidney Ardery, ofthis countv.For many years Mr. Snyder was aprosperous and well to do farmer, butwas overcame by adversities and hisfortune swept away. Mr. Snyder wasa tpvical Kentucky gentleman of theold school, universally poDular and respected. He had been a member ofthe Christian church for many years.The remains were brought to Parisyesterday afternoon on the 3 :30 L. &N . train and were taken directly tothe Paris cemetery where the funeralsei vices were conducted by Rev. W. E.Ellis.STONE.Miss Alhe Crouch Stone, who hasbeen ill at the Wilson Hospital inMaysville several weeks, died yesterday morning at 5:30 o'clock trom pyemis, due to abcess of the lungs.Miss Stone, who was aged 24 years,was the dauRhter of Mr. J. D. Stone,of Alva, Oklahoma. For several yearsshe has been making her home withMrand Mrs. Chas. Walls, at LittleRock. Mr. and Mrs. Walls were ather bedside when the end came.She was taken to the hospital inMaysville for treatment about twoweeks ago and gradually grew weakeruntil yesterday morning when shepassed away. The remains weretaken to the home of her sister, Mrs.Will Willett, in Carilsle yesterday afternoon and will be brought to Paristhis morning.The funeral service will be held atthe grave in the Paris cemetery thismorning at 11:30 o'clock, conductedby Rev. Mr. Eldridge. of the CarlisleChristian church.RHODES.Zl J. Waller Rhodes, of Lexington,died yesterday morning at Frankfortshortly after 9 o'clock, having neverrallied from the stroke of aooplexyreceived at 1 o'clock Wednesday. Atfive o'clock Wednesday afternoon heseemed considerably better, but twohours later began to grow worse andat eight gjo'clock the attending physicians decided to bleed him in orderto relieve the pressure on the brainby the blood clot which had producedapoplexv and 'consequent paralysis.The taking of the blood did nov good,however and his condition graduallygrew worse till .he end came yesterday morning.Left Wedding Party Hungry."When- a wedding party returnedfrom Merstham church to Chaldron,near Redhill, Surrey, England, theother day, they were dismayed to findno wedding cake or other materials forthe luncheons. ,It was found that themotor lorry in which a London firm ofcaterers had sent the goods had beencompletely burned down on the road,and the wedding party accordinglyhad to go without.The Standard Oil Company of NewYork does not deem it expedient to invade the territory of the "Standard OilCompany of New Jersey, according tothe testimony of City Sales ManagerHowell of the former company.William H. Bell, the young Pensacola, Fla., bank clerk, who confessed thetheft of the S5.500 packaee from theFirst National Bank of that city, wasarraigned before a United States Commissioner Wednesday, who fixed hisbail at $5,000.Reports of national hanks in reservecities show 40 per cent reduction ofexcessive loans as compared with thecall of June 14.MATRIMONIAL.Mr. John S.Holder and Miss EthelCarter were united in marriage byJudge Deni3 Dundon Tuesday afternoon.Cantrill Will Have Clear Field.Congressman J. Campbell Cantrili,of the Seventh Ditsrict, who has beennominated for re-election by the Democrats, will have no opposition for reelection in November. The Republicans made no nomination and it became too late for any party except theProrgessives to make a nomination, anew party being afforded more time junder the law. IAt a meeting held in LexingtonTuesday by the Progressive Committeeof this congressional district it wasfinally concluded not to nominate acandidate. The question of there being a candidate of any kind to opposeMr. Cantrill for re-election is thereforeeffectually settled in the negative.Nearly two weeks ago the Progressive Congressional District Committeemet and nominated Henry T. Duncanagainst Mr. Cantrill, and as Mr. Duncan demurred he was urged to take thematter under conisderation and givehis final answer to the committee at ameeting of that body to be held inLexington next Thursday.Mr. Duncan, however, did not needso much time and last Saturday hepublicly announced that he would netaccept the nomination. Cul. NoelGaines, of Frankfort, also proclaimedthat he would not accept the nomination if offered.J. L. Earlwyine, former postmasterof Paris, was willing to take the nomination but the committee at its meeting Tuesday, it is said, decided thatthey did not have the money to prosecute an active canvass for Congressand also that there was not the slightest chance to defeat Mr. Cantrill, andhence concluded it would be unwise toput up a candidate.Six members of the Committee andtwo holders of proxies were present asfollows : J. D. McClintock. of Bourbon county ; S. S. Uffutt, of Scottcounty ; A. B. Arnett, of Woodfordcounty ; Prentice O'Rear, of Franklincounty; L. A. Ruckne, of Fayettecounty; C. E. Gibbens, of Clarkcounty.Wc have just received acar load of heaters of thefamous Florence hot blast,the best stove on earth forthe money. See us for lowestprices when in need of astove. See our window display. E. M. WHEELER FURNITURECOMPANY.Will Stock Game Preserve.As soon as the State Board nf Forestry acquires land in Eastern Kentuckythe Fish and Game Commission willprepare to utilize it as a big game preserve. The law creating the departments provides for joint use and it isthe purpose of the Forestry Department, as soon as possible to beginwork of reforestration, though that isprobably several months away. It isunderstood J. N. Camden stands readyto contribute several deer to the preserve, and the Fish and, Game Department hopes in time to make the Kentucky mountains as attractive to biggame hunters and as remunerative tothe State and its citizens as the Mainewoods and the Northwest country.Wedding Presents.From a 25to cut glassdesign, at17-4tcent hand-painted plateof the newest and richestBUTLERS'.Opp. Court House.Option Election Monday.The local ODtion election will occurin Montgomery county Monday, September 30, and interest is waxingmuch warmer. The temperate peopleare holding nightly meetings in eachprecinct in the county and have hadspeakers from out of the state to assist them.The anti-local option people are making a still hunt, but will make a fight,although not as hard a one as wasmade at the last election. The saloonpeople beileve that the call for theelection is illegal, and will appealfrom the decision of the people shouldthe county go dry.No SoulAffinity ReasonforDivorce.A special from Milwaukee, Wis.,says: "The nonexistence of a truesoul affinity between husband and wifeis given as the reason for a divorceasked by a former Louisville woman'stestimony in Divorce Court here today."Declaring that a tacit understanding exists with her husband, Cave Ashbruok, a traveling salesman for thePatten Paint Company, that he is notto contest her divorce suit fur theabove reason, Mrs. Mar-gat et I. Ashbrook appeared in Judge Writ's courttoday to testify in the action, whichshe asked last week. She said thatthey discovered August 15 that itwould be impossible for them to livein harmony. A stipulation by whichAshbrook argeed tojpay his wife 75a month alimony was introduced inevidence."Asked), by her attorneys to citecases of cruelty and inhuman treatment, alleged in the complaint, Mrs.Ashbrook said that last spring her husband became provoked because theymissed a street car and struck herwith his traveling bag. On anotheroccasion, she says, when they had justarrived here from ' Indianapolis, herhusband failed to meet her at the hoteland when she remonstrated, struckher.."The case was continued to Friday,when the manager of the CudahyaDartments. where the couple livedfor two years, will be asked to, testify."Mrs. Ashbrook was a Miss Isrgigg,of Louisville. Her father died a fewyears ago while touring in Europe.Ashbrook is a native of Paris. Ky.,but his parents now live in Indianapolis." Mr. Ashbrook, mentioned in the dispatch above, formerly lived in thiscity and was the son of Mr. John G.Ashbrook, who resided here for a number of years and who was engaged inthe insurance business. He movedwith his family to Indianapolis, andlater located in Milwaukee.Former Parisian Dies in West.News of the death of John KnoxPolk, formerlv of Paris, was receivedby his brother, Mr. W. H. Polk, atLexington Wednesday night through aletter from his broher, Theodore Polk.His death occurred at Los Angeles,Cali.,on July 27, and was due to heartdisease. At the time of his death hewas the Inspector for the Board ofPublic Works at Lcs Angeles. He hadserved in the Phillipmes as a memberof the United States army.Mr. Folk, who was aged 65 years,was a native of Woodfod county. During the Civil War he was an employeof the Quartermaster's Department ofthe U. S. army at Lexington. AfterIhe war he came to Paris, where heacted as clerk in the Paris postoffice, .which was then in charge of his brother, W. H. Polk, and later engaged inthe shoe business with the late Mr.George Doehrer, and was locpted inthe building now occupied by the jewelry firm of Shire & Fithian. He wasnext employed bv a railroad construction firm in the building of the KnoxvilJe branch of the L. & N.Mr. Polk was for some time mourned as dead. He took part in the "Oklahoma rush," and during that time aman was found dead in a creek. Hisshirt bore the initials of Mr. Polk andhis memorandum book was found inhis pocket. In consequence it was reported that John K. Polk had beenmurdered. Government authoritiesinvestigated the affair, resulting inthe arrest ot one man in Denver whowas tried for the crime and acquitted.Many months alter his supposeddeath Polk visited in Wichita, Kans.,and when the Spanish-American warbroke out he joined the army and wenttto Manila. His life was one of romantic adventure, and he rarely communicaed with his kinsmen. He wasa mebmer of the Episcopal church ofthis city, and is well remembered bya number of our older citizens, andhas a number of friends in the county,together with relatives, among thembeing the family of the late Matt Kenney, Miss Effie Polk, and Messrs.Davis, Howard and Percy JPoIk. Theremains were interred in Los Angeles.The Best Made.Yerkes & Prichard sell, the threebest drillsjnade, Peoria. SuDerior andKentucky. " 20-4tNew Telephone Directory.Manager H. H. Floyd, of the Cumberland Telephone and Telegraph Company, announces that the new telephone directory ,will soon be issued.The new list will be corrected up toOctober 15 and he states that all thosewho wish to make changes in theirlistings or to have their names placedin the new director should communicate with him at once. These who arecontemplating installing telephones intheir homes or offices should actpromptly in order that their namesamy appear properly in thejiew directory. Manager Floyd states that there willbe a number of new names added .tothe list and that the growth of the exchange here is a strong indication ofthe progress of Paris.Carpets and Rugs.Come to the carpet and rug store ifyou want something nice at reasonable prices. Large stock to selectfrom. No shop-worn patterns, all new.x J. T. HINTON.Camden Will Meet Editors.Mr. J. N. Camden,' chairman of theCampaign Committee, wants all ofthe Democratic newspaper men tomeet him in Louisville Saturday, September 28, at the Tyler hotel, for thepurpose of conferring about the political situation in Kentucky and exchanging views to devise the bestmeans of increasing the Democraticmajority in the'State.Newest Styles.The very latest things in fallandwinter Lhats now on display at ourstore. All the new shades Stonegrey, Chine mixed grey, tobaccobrown, goldentbrown, redwood mixed,olive, ebony, etc.24 tf MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.Wilson's Man Has Majority.Ihe total Democratic votecast attha New Jersey primary Tuesday wasestimated at about, 70,000. Completereturns were slow in being tabulated, ibut the plurality lor.Hughes, theson candidate for Tl. S. -Senator,Wil-WaSestimated at between000.20,000 and 30,-Arriving Daily.New Fall Footwear arriving daily at10 tf FELD'S SHOE Si ORE.Four Hurt When Engine LeftTrack.Fnur men were hurt Wednesdaywhen an L. & N. engine jumped thetrack and plunged 25 feet down anembankment in Louisville.Frank Wilgus. train crew fireman,had both legs broken and his backwrenched.Engineer H. C. Bokelege and Fireman James R. Yates were cut andbruised.Willis Quartermous, a cooper, whowas passing by, was struck in thehead by a flying rail and his skull fractured. Music at the Lexington Trots.Visitors to the big Lexington Meeting the last few years will rememberwith deasure the delightful entertainment furnished between heats by Weber's Priz6 Band of America. This musical "brganiaztion will again be heardat the coming meeting, October 8 to19. The reputation of Weber's Bandis well Imown throughout the CentralWest, and even as far as the Pacificcoast, and needs no introduction here.It is a rare privilege to listen to aprogram of popular hits and classicalnumbers rendered by it. These concerts are to be heard daily during theTrots. Every detail for making themeeting a social as well as sportingsuccess has received the most carefulattention. Lovers of good racing,good music, good people and goodcheer will dojwell to read - the advertisement in this issue, and make theirarrangements to go by all means.M ORHMd !Prescribing the Rules andRegulations to be Observedby Persons Driving Vehihides on the Streets of theCity of Paris, Kentucky.City Hall, Paris, Ky..Sept. 26, 1912.Be it ordained by the Mayor andBoard of Council of the city oi Pan?Kentucky: '"First. A vehicle meeting anothcishall pass to the right.Second. A vehicle overtakingother shall pass to the left side ofovertaken vehicle and not pull toright until entirely clear of it,anthetiear,utne venicie oeing passed snail pulltthe ngnt as iar as possible.Third. A street or avenue with cartrack in the middle shall be consideredas havir.g hut one roadway and a vVhide shall keep to the right of thcenter line, excent when it is necessary to cross it to pass a vehicleahead going in the same direcion.Fourth. A vehicle turning into another street to the right shall turn thcorner as near the right hand curb a-practicalFifth. A vehicle turning into r.street to the left shall turn around thcenter of the intersection offlthe twostreets.Sixth. No vehicle shall stop wit,its left side to the curb on Main streetbetween Second street and TentLstreet.Seventh. No vehicle unless in anemergency or to allow another .vehicleto cross its pathway shallstoD in anypublic street or highway except nearthe curb thereof andso as not to oostruct the crossing.Eighth. No vehicle shall back tomake a'turn on Main street hetweenSecond street and Eleventh street, butshall go around the block or to astreet sufficiently wide to make thtturn ..without backing.Any person violating the provisionsof this ordinance shall upon conviction be fined not less than one dollarand not more than five dollars101each offense.J. T. HINTON, Mayor,j Attest : J. W. Hoyden Clerk.An OrdinanceRegulating theUse andSpeedof Automobiles and OtherMotor Vihicles in the Cityof Paris, Kentucky.City Hall, Paris, Ky..Sept. 26, 1912.Section 1. Be it ordained by theMayor and the Board of Council ofthe City of Paris, Kentucky, that anyautomobile, motor car or other vehicle propelled by steam, gasoline orelectric power, shall not be propelledupon any of the streets, alleys orhighways of the City of Paris, Ky., ata higher rate of speed than eight bmiles per hour, and when goingaround any corner or passing any intersections of streets the rate of speedshall be rpduced to not more thanfive (5) miles an hour.Section II. That all automobilesand every motor vehicles propelledby steam, gasoline or electric power,shall be provided "with a horn andthat the driver of said motor vehicleshall be required, when going aroundany corner, in the City of Paris,cause the same to be sounded.Section III. That all said motorvehicles shall carry during the periodof sunset and sunrise.at least21ightedlamps showing white lights visible atleast two hundred feet in thedirection toward which it iproceeding.Section IV. No part of the machinery of any motor vehicle shall beleft running, while such vehicle is leftstanding, without an attendant.b ection v. The driver of said motervehicle shall not within the limits ofthe City of Paris, Kentucky, soundanv alarm by siren whistle or anySUGn other whistle, but shall only use-I V UU111 la UCiCUiUClUlB &BL UUl.f -f- r r rYr-i r a to nnwrtiM Kn nni. a- 4-Section VI. Everv motor vehiclepropelled by internal combustion engine when such vehicle is on amof the streets, roads, avenues, alleyor public places within the city limit'ohall when such engine is running, b.equipped with a muffler or silencerthrough which all of the exhaust"gases from the engine willescape into the atmospheret shall be unlawful jtor th operatoror driver of anv motor vehicle to useany cut out fitting or other apparatusor any device which will allow the exhaust gases to escape into the atmosphere without passingthrough a muffler or silencer as described above, except in s case ot emergency. Anyperson violating any of the above provisions of the ordinance, shall uponconviction be fined the sum of not lessthan Five Dollars nor more thai?Twenty Dollars.Secion VII. No person shall drive amotor vehicle upon any of the streetsroads, avenues, alleys or public placeswithin the city at a speed greaterthan is reasonable and proDer havingregard for the traffic and use of thehighway or so as to endanger the 'lifeor limb or injure the property of another. Any person violating the provision of this section shall be considered guilty of the offense of reckless driving of a motor vphicle andshaH upon conviction be fined not lessthan Twenty Dollars nor more thanFifty Dollars.J. T. HINTON. Mayor.Attest: J. W. Hayden, Clerk.It is reported that Chairman Clappof the Senate Committee investigatingcampaign contributions desires aswitnesses former Speaker Cannon andCongressman McKinley to testify regarding an alleged co-ferpnee withwoolen mill men during, the 1908 cam-paigH.i- i'fat..-jL. at 1s.ijafes w,-lj mt 1& U?Zl lttt0 'iWtjl T ir UJW.-,aaaJUrf-taJ!5-.'.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1912THE BOURBON NEWS.tjrJMMfejfestrk,ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGREDUCTION 8N PICTURES.for the next ten days wewill offer our entire stock ofhandsome art pictures atgreatly reduced prices. Thesepictures are all new subjectsand mke beautiful presents.Call in before the stock ispicked over2c PARIS BOOK STORE.Democrats.Tuesday is Democratic RegistrationDay. Polls open atJ3 a. m. and closeat 9 p. m.PERSONAL MENTION.D. A. R. Conference.The annual state conference of theD. A. R. will be held in Lexington October 30 and 31, when the Bryan Station Chapter will be the hostesses.Airs. W. H. Thompson is thp StatePresident and will be in the chair atthe conference.Democrats.Tuesday is Democratic RegistrationDa . Polls open at 6 a. m.,and closeat i p. m.Breaks Arm.In ML Sterling Wednesday Mrs.Saliie D. Wood, fell at her home andbroke her left arm in two placesabove the wrist. She suffered excruciating pain. Mrs. Wood is a daughter-in-lawof Pension Ajjent A. T.Wood, of Louisville.Oatequal and Alcorn.We have just received a fresh car ofOatequal and Alcorn. Finest feed forhorses and cows. Try some.24 4t YERKES & PR1CHARD.Insure your Tobacco withTHOMAS & WOODFO D.Moose Lodge For Paris.Col. L. G. Archer. District Director of the "Loyal Order of Moose" andhis deputy. Mr. Morell B. Reynolds,were in the city yesterday in the interest of the above order. Dr. WililamKenney was selected as medical examinertand the campaign for membershipwill commence at once. Mr. Archersavs we will have a lodge installed inParis within the next tew weeks.CHOICE SEED.We are headquarters forchoice Seed Wheat, Seed Ryeand Timothy Seed.13-6t C. S. BRENT & BRO.Mrs. J. Walter Payne is viBitmgrelatives in Warsaw.Mr. Wolford Ewaft is visiting relatives in Johnson, Tenn.Deputy Sheriff J. O. Marshall wasin Carlisle yesterday on'business.Hon. Sidney G. Clay has returnedfrom a short- stay at French Lick, Ind.Misses Stella and Rana Owenswere visitors in Cincinnati Wednesday.Miss Maragret Wood will leave ina few daysifor an extended trip South.Mr. and.Mrs. Vic Bloomfield, ofWinchester, were visitors in Paris yesterday. Mrs. I. J. Spencer, of Lexington,is visiting her daughter, Mrs. W. B.Ardery.Mr. and Mrs.Miller Ward left yesterday for a several days visit to Columbus, O.Erwin has returnedrelatives in IndianaDemocrats.Tuesday is Democratic RegistrationDay Polls open at 6 a. m. and closeat 9 p m.Real Estate Sales.Mrs. Minnie Goggin purchased fromCilfton Arnsparger a lot on the Eastside of Brent street in the old fairgrounds addition. The price was private. John S. Jones sold to P. J. McCordlot No. 7 in the plat of Jones additionin the old fair grounds, fronting onClifton street. The price paid was$250.You Need That Raincoat Now.Just the time to wear one. We haveall grades, $6 to $25.J. W. DAVIS & Cu.InsureMcClureT. Phone72.your tobacco with& Clendenin. E.235. Home PhoneRegistration Day.Octobpr 1 will be registration day.Be sure and be on hand between 6o'clock a. m. and 9 p. m. and registeror you won't be allowed to cast yourvote in the Presidential race. All whoare under age but will be legal votersat the November election will be eligible to '"-iet'T. Po r ireful rrrv.hic'i D-hUv:l part .ou put ijiumark, for you -can only vote in the pnmar with the party with which youregister.Time to Get Your Fall Clothes.While stocks are at their best. Wehave everything that's new in colorand style.J. W. DAVIS & CU.Rye hnd Timothy.. We have choice Northern and homegown seed rye, also timothy seed, foron Jp20 tf R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.McCoy Case Affirmed.The Court of Appeals Wednesdayaffirmed the decision of the BonrbonCircuit Court in the case of Willie McCoy, colored, convicted ot murder atthe June term.McCoy was convicted in the BourbonCircuit Court and given a life sentencefor the murder of Frazier White, colored,, at the Bourbon County fairgrounds last year. A motion for a newtriaf was overruled by Judge RobertL. Stout, when the case was carried tothe Appellate Court.Norfolk lor Fill.We are making: a great showing ofthis popular young nan's sfrit. $15 to$25.J. W.-DAVIS&CO.Mrs. Albertfrom a visit toand Ohio.Mr. and Mrs. A. Barnett, of Eminence, are guests of Mr. and Mrs. A.J. Winters.Mrs. Richard Wellng and babehave returned from a visit to relativesin Cynthiana.Mr. John Doyle is seriously ill attne home of his daughter, Mrs. Ed.Burke, near Paris.Mrs. Nellie Highland will entertainwith a reception today at her countryhome "Howard Haven."Mrs. Henry Craigfof Georgetown,was the guest Tuesday of her parents,Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Davis.Mrs. Wright Youtsej, of TerracePark, 0., is the guest of Mr. and Mrs.J. W. Beacon, on Cypress street.Mr.- Brice Steele was able to beon the streets yesterdav and has aboutrecovered from his recent illness.Mrs. Virgil Gaitskill entertainedthe members of her card rclub at herhome near Austerlitz Monday afternoon. Mrs. Saliie Bashford will leaveWednesday morning to visit Miss Louise Elmore in Woodford county forseveral days.Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Ashurst andlittle son, Freeman, returned lastnight after a two weeks' stay at IronLithia Springs, Va.Mrs. Wm. Myall rleft Wednesdayto attend the State W. C. T. U. meeting in Mt. Sterling. Mrs. Myall is adelegate from the local union.Mrs. A. M. Benny, of Richmond,who has been visiting in Lexington,has returned to this city and is againat the home of Mrs. A. J. Winters.Mr. 0. P. Carter, Sr., will leaveMonday for Indianapolis. Ind., tomake his future homp with his son-in-law,Mr. Harry Naylor, in thatcity.Misses Lucy Colville, Lonnne Butler. Miss Wyatt and Mrs. MattieBlakely, of Topeka, Kas., composed anautomobile party to High Bridge Wed-rnesday making the trip in the car ofMr. James Dodge.Mrs. Mattie Blakely, who has beenspending the summer with her mother, Mrs. Rebecca Dodge, left yesterday for her home at Topeka., Kas..accompanied by Mrs. Dodge, who willmake her an extended visit.Mr. Harry Stivers, son of Mr.and JVlre. Sherman Stivers, of cLexington, who has been at Warrior, Ala., onthe main line of the L. & N., incharge of an engineering cqrps, engaged in double tracking the road, hasbeen moved to West Point, Tenn.Miss Mabel Robbins returned Tuesday from a delightful trip to Niagara,Detroit, Belie Isle and Toronto.While in Detroit Miss Robbins wasthe guest of her cousins, Mr. and Mrs.John Robbins, formerly of Bourbon.Mrs. Robbinsvwill be remembered asMiss Maggie Davis, of Paris.Mr. C. M. Templin, of Los Angeles, Cal., is the guest of his cousin, Mr. T. T. Templin. in this city,with whom he was engaged in business here eighteen years ago, this being his first visit to Paris in thatlength of time. Mr. Templin movedto California for the benefit of hishealth which had become impairedhere and has been greatly benefited bythe change of climate. He has beenvery successful in business in theState of his adoption.Mrs. William B. Ardery enter-tii-rdyrcciv nfte'ron ct I-ori, mo on Main street, fclie was assisted by her mother, Mrs. I. J.Spencer, of Lexington, Mrs. W. P..Ardery and Mrs. E. M. Dickson, ofParis. The dining room was beautifully decorated in pink carnations,dahlias and ferns. The receiving roomand hall were lovely in tasteful decorations of garden ilowers, while theporch was decorated with potted ferns.Punch was served in the hall at atable presided over by Mis. John Davis and Miss Mary Woodford. A stringband of three pieces furnished exquisite music. Misses Ellen Towles, IreneTalbott and the Misses Crutcher assisted in the dining room where salad,1 inocj Vinf. rnlls. hpaten hisnnits. al-monds, wafers and coffee were servedthe guests, fifty-five in number. Theaffair was very informal owing to thefact that the" invitatiohswere issuedlate.A Suggestion.If you wantfa good yield of wheator rye, put it in with a Peoria DiskShoe Drill. For sale by Yerkes &Prichard. 20-4tRELIGIOUS.Pickling Time.Pickling vinegar, the beat on theraerkpt. Plertv!oi spices of all kinds.24 2t T. LENIHAN.Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive, pastor ofthe Paris Prebsyterian church begana sacramental meeting at Carlisle lastnight and which will continue throughSunday. Rv. Vanhulst, of Louivsille,a student in the Theological .Seminary, and who has been in charge ofthe Carlisle ( church during the summer will fill Dr. Shive'e pulpit at boththe morning and evening servicesSunFall Festival a Grand Success., Notwithstanding the fachthat themost unfavorable conditions have existed since the opening of the Maccabees Fall Festival Tuesday night, ithas been a grand success in everv particular, and with good weather todayand tomorrow the promoting order awell as the carnival company shouldprofit handsomely in a financial way.Not in the history of the citv hasthere ever been a better, cleaner ormore satisfactory carnival companyexhibited in Paris. The Krause Greater Shows comprise some of the verybest ever witnessed in the citv andthose who have taken occasion to visitthem have come away loud in theirpraise of tne attractions.Each and every show on the carnivalgrounds is a treat in itself and thereare many all of them goodKrause is sustaining his reputation,acquired through long years in the carnival business and gave thp people ofParis the finest line of attractions ever seen in this city.While the crowds hnve been large atthe carnival grounds, the number wouldhave been increased had not the weather been so threatening. ' However, allof the attractions have been meetingwith a very liberal patronage, and atalmost everv performance the capacity of each tent is taxed.The free attractions offered are wellup to the standard offered by largercarnival companies. Miss Elma Meier, who has daily been giving an exhibition of fancy swimming has greatlypleased the crowds each 'afternoon andevening. The carnival will continuetoday and tomorrow.Lecture Tonight.Bob 0. Smith, the "Messenger ofMirth" will give a recital under theauspices of the Bible School of the-lClintonville Christian church tonight.Mr. Smith formerly lived in Paris andthose who khnow him can testify tohis ability as an entertainer.INotice.Dr. Clara B. Matthews will be inher office on and after September 30.24 2tNOTICE!There will be a meeting of theMr. stockholders of the Bourbon CountvAgricultural Society held in thecourt house at Paris, Ky., Saturday,September 28, 1912, at 10 o'clock.This meeting is for the election ofofficers for the ensuing year. Allmembers are requested to be present.24-2t J. M. 'HALL, Pres.Democrats.Tuesday is Democratic RegistrationDay. Polls open at 6 a. m. and cloaeat 9 p. m.C. W. T. U. Convention.The State meeting of the W. C. T.U. convened in Mt. Stprling Wednesday night, for a five days' session.Mrs. Frances Beauchamp, State president, is presiding. There was a goodcrowd to listen to speeches of welcome and the address of the StatePresident. Many stores are decorated in honor of the visiting women.Special Prices on Rugs."We offer the following special priceson rugs this week:Special 9x12 Axminister rugs, only$16.50.Special 9 by 12 Brussell rugs, only$12.75.These are certainly bargains.spt 17-tf A. .b WHEELER & CO.PUBLIC SALEOFStock, Crop, FarmingImplements, Etc.Having rented my farm I will, at teno'clock a .m., onWEDNESDAY, OCT. 30, 1912offer at public sale on the premises,on the Cynthiana'pike, about three andone-half miles from Paris, the following stock, crop and implements:About 200 young breeding ewes,bred October 1 ;2 milch cows ;3 spayed yearling heifers and twosteer calves;1 nice chestnut filly, 3 years old, byForest Denmark 153 :1 nice bay filly, 3 years old, by German coach stallion;1 bay colt, 2 years old, by Mv Star;1 bay fillv a years old, by Sir Dixon ;1 thoroughbred driving mare ;About 60 acres of corn in shocks.If purchaser desires, will furnishwithout charge about 70 acres of grassto feed on until March 1. 1913 ;1 manure spreader j 1 seed drill ;1 2 horse power with circular sawand pumping attachment ;1 McCormick binder: 1 cultivator; 1mower ;1 dump'cart; 1 hay baler; 1 cuttingbox;1 potato digger; 1 potato planter.TERMS All amounts of $20 or less,cash ; above this amount, 6 monthscredit,with negotiable note, bearing6 per cent interest per annum.E. F. CLAY.Geo. D. Speakes Auctioneer.27 4 11 18 22 25 29.FOR SALE.Oliver typewriter ; used very littleand good as new. Will offer this machine a a bargain if taken at once.Call over either phone No. 64.rniCordiallyInviteYou toUpen iAn AccountWithiDOJirDon mm ccTrust Co.Paris, - - Kentucky.Capital $100,000.00Surplus Profits 50,000.00'We will appreciate your business and favor you in every waypossibe.Try a Savings Account3 per cent. Interest,CompoundedI -iWhileSummer'sHereNew Fall Goods,Having just returned from atour of the Eastern Markets weare in a position to show youthe very newest in Silks, DressGoods, Dress Trimmings, Laces,Lace Curtains, Neckwear andNovelties of every description.Come and help us make this aBanner Year. Your PatronageAppreciated.W. ED. TUCKER.KODAKKODAKS$5 up.CAMERAS,(Almost Kodaks)$1.00 to $12.00.llrlllflnATill laTAA m. 6iiinimiiMiiimiiM-" 3HW"3 wv M9! !frFALL SPECIALTIES.Some Good Thirds to Eat.Saratoga Chips,Always Fresh and Crisp.Old New York Cream Cheese.Made From Full Cream and Thoroughly Aged.Imported Swiss Cheese.We Pride Ourselves on its Quality.Franco-Americam, Campbells,and VanCamp's Soups; Chase &Sanborn's Famous Boston Coffee.We are the exclusive selling agents for this celebratedline of Fine Teas and Coffees.FEJETSThe Home of Good Things to Eat"jnaTbGu4aOUAJAj0AtJXAAsnMUi&.-,rrm;:mAU07ztj2''UBr&mmr07laHLVSwiA 3tS7tfER L SMVMKrc r-wBMWKiPHWVHaaMta 1&rAea ronCLmy:-o9 called yeAlLerciayha 4 j-TJ-si- moved heAe. SheheA hina& "use re frroken anand aAked me, xSxn.ee 6heITlAs. Jleurcomer, urhoold me ha los ofcl 5caAAecl in moving.&Aanaer in otirnr''1&was ao ei heA urheAe o irxiy neur f-aAniiAe.cS oJLd heA o ao o no one ixl wheAe we aJLiiayi Aadet Ireaatxie Ahe -wo-aJtd Ire sxire o find?wha she uraned and a Aea6onaXre pAices.(tome soon. iSye, Sue, jCo-a.(P. S.JTlrs. HeurcomeA haA us dropped in. Shewas Ao pjteased vsih he f-aAniuAe she Xro-ufh:fAomj, ft, ,.K-,J. T. HINTON.jtikutoiaIlT Sjk M 'n,Jjnix,Sfiv,!r),THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER -27, 112-IL10 Cents A Par-isSSf-r "fkiinNtrVDVllE are bound and determined that every family in thiscommunity shall know, from experience, as we do,that the very foundation and basis of home happiness is agood stove or range.THOUSANDS of families are in bad health from eating poorly-cooked food, othersfrom living in rooms which are not properly heated and ventilated.YE believe our general business will more than double as soon as we make it knownthat our goods are the best and most dependable that can be had. So we aregoing to inaugurate a sale of the largest and best line of stoves and ranges in the worldupon a basis that will at once place a '-Buck's" range or stove of some kind with everyfamily no matter what it costs us to do it. Here is the opportunity of a lifetime. Ifyou don't take advantage of it, you alone are to blame.FFR10 CENTS A DAYQOME to our store and select any "BUCK'S" range or stove there. No matter what,room in the house you want it for no matter what fuel you want to burn (gas,coal or wood), no matter what price you want to pay, WE HAVE IT.YU may have one of these most durable, fuel-saving cookers or heaters set up in yourhouse and guaranteed by us, and the makers, upon the payment of10 Cents a Day ,We know thatBuck's Stoves& Ranges areby far the best goodsof their kind in theworld, and that theyare not only the bestbakers and heaters, butthat they will outlastany other kind andsave their cost in theamount of fuel saved.This wonderfulsale and opportunity will onlylast until our presentspecial arrangementwith the manufacturers are completed, somake your selection atonce.TlJust Think of It: Only 10c a Day. -A.f. WHEELER f URMTLRE CO.Opposite Court HousetVarying Grades of Caviar.The finest caviar is the bieluga, prepared from the roe of the -white sturgeon; little less fine is the sevriuga,prepared from the sterliated sturgeon.Both are put up at Astrakhan, RussiaPower to Do Good.The increment that comes to anyhuman faculty through use is thejnreetest of all satisfactions to be gotoat of work sweeter than materialRewards, sweeter than the praise ofom's fellows, sweeter than purchasedMe. To feel that one is steadilygrowing in one's power to do goodre is deeper gladness in that, to9M. earnest soul, than in almost any.tklaf else this world affords. Pun-Nineteen Miles t Secondwithout a jarshock or disturbance, istke awful speed of our earth throughapace. We wonder at auch ease of nature's movement, and so do those wholake Dr. King's New Life Pills. Notrtiping, no distress, just thorough workthat brings gocd. health and fine feelings. 25 cents at Oberdorfer's.How's This?We offer one Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.P. J. Cheney & Co.. Toledo, 0.We, the undersi&ned, have known bJ. Cheney for the last 15 years and believe him perfectly honorable in allbusiness transactions and financiallyable to carry out any obligations madeby his fi;m.NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE,Toledo O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Pi ice 75 centsper bottle. Sold by all druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.Dolls Stuffed With Fortunes.. The Bank of France destroys ojdnotes by placing them in a vat andsubjecting them to the action of certain corrosive acids. In a'' few moments the banknotes are reduced topulp. This pulp is sold to toy makers,who use it for stuffing their less expensive dolls, so that the plaything ofa child may be stuffed with what wasonce a fortune. ' ' y ,Few, if any, medicines, have metwith the uniform success that has attended the use of Chamberlain's Colic,Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedv. Theremarkable cures of colic and diarrhoeawhich ii has effected in almost everyneighborhood have given it a wide reputation. For sale by all dealers.No Souls for Saving.Souls are now practically extinct.One occasionally hears of them atrevival meetings and the like, butthey have entirely disappeared fromcities, summer resorts, shopping districts, financial centers and, otherplaces where humans are wont togather habitually. Life.Executor's Notice l IN JAMMOUTfl CAVE.L.All persons having claims againstViq oatofa n"f tVio lafa T h1 Phanolnrare requested to present same provenaccording to law to the undersignedexecutor for payment, and all ithoseknowing themselves -indebted to theestate ot therdeceased are requested tocall or mail a remittance to the undersiened. J. C. JEFFERSON,Extr. I. F. Chanslor,20 3t Millersburg, Ky.NOTICE.All persons having claims againstthe estate of C. R. Harris, deceased,are hereby notified to present samepronerly proven according to law tome at North Middletown, Ky., on -orbefore October 15, 1912. .MRS..NETTIE MAY HARRIS, .13 6f r Adimnistrator.'Sinnk Eangbornv Manicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.augl6tf East Tenn. Phoe 669The Dry Fall Outing to Kentucky sUreat bubteraneanWonder, or 200 Miles Under Ground Wed. Oct. 1 6.Arranged for private and selectparties and their visitors. River lowecho grand, cave dry. The time tosee Mammoth Cave when at its bestRound trip railroad fare 5.65 fromParis and all way stations on regulartrain 7:38 a. m. Board at Cave Hotelfrom arrival for supper until afterbreakfast morning third day, also including the two trips through thecave for $6.50. Limit on tickets 10days.Write or phone L. & N. AgentFor Sale Privately.Good building lot on west side ofSouth High street, frontfno- on tt;u50 feet and extending back 149 feet.This lot is a most desirable locationand one of thebest building lots inth?s section of the city. For furtherinformation, terms.fetc, applv tontn FRANK BURTON,"24-3-tpd 188 Seventh street.Hot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on the.trade. No long waits You are next-M. A. KAHAL.InoticeTAll-persons holding claims againstJul Jfank deceased, arelherebynotified to present the same, provenas required by the law to the undersigned.tL-rE61 "idebted to the saidJulia frank, deceased, are requestedto call and settle same with under-signed.CABRIE PRANK,0o HELEN PRANK, '-2-3wks Execntrixs.iIi'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, -KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1912SV".V. ''- ya'XfLexington Military Band Orchestra.112 West Main St.LEXINGTON, KY.HE3HM3H3S51Music For (III Occasions'jTELEPHONES: New1S5 and 63S; Old,Only such music willbe supplied as will be1ia pleasure to our patrons and a credit tothe organization.OLD VANDERBILT RURAL HOMELittle Place, Called "The Stream," lLeased by Millionaire's Wife""" in England.London. Mrs. Alfred Vanderbilt,formerly Mrs. McKim, has been making extensive alterations to the housecalled "The Stream," at Betchworth,near Reigate, in Surrey, of which shetook a seven years' lease last fall, afew months before her marriage toAlfred Vanderbilt. She is much attached to the place, although neitherthe house, which is a small one, northe grounds, are particularly attractive. In fact, many of the people atBetchworth on learning that she hadplenty of money said in amazement,"Whatever does she want to come toa hole like this for?" When she returned from her honeymoon almosther first remark was, "Oh! How gladam to be back here again. Now Ican rest and keep quiet." Since herreturn this sentiment has grownThe implicit confidence that manypeople have in Chamberlain's Colic,Cholera and DiarrlFoea Remedy isfounded on their experience in the useof that remedy and their knowledge ofthe manv remarkab'e cures of colic,diarrhoea and dysentery that it haseffected. For sale bv all dealers.iicNOTICE.tSHPOPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEI ;KENTUCKYSUNDAY, Sept.S9fOc.lEmHI Zuc.Round MQK4LJJJijL'9SiH 8RoundTrip5 Sos ihc Famous Iilgh Bridge BND CONCERT, High Bridge Park, (Popular Airs.)i Itc'icts told av G ZO RG ETO WK 20tI only on Special Train leaving at 1 0.50 am.ij Wi E. lainSi.For Fal! Infonrwtion Call On Any Ticket Agent, Or AddressK. C. &2fti, Passsncserand i icfcet Agent,Phone 49.EX3HGTON, KY.fpng giiMW l3Wn&HUXFE2JfDepartment StoreCor. 7th and MainmmkletftiJmwoj' jiQfi-FVSZA&lzSPECIALPries This WeekExtra FineLR 1 J i AORSMrs. Vanderbiit's English Home.stronger and she has bought thehouse and grounds.Since winter many improvementshave been made tha were badlyneeded, for the dwelling had beenempty for five years before she tookit. An additional plot of land hasbeen bought from the trustee of theprevious tenant, an outside brokerwhose business fell upon evil days. Agarage has been built capable of holding several cars.Miss Ethel McCormick, who wasMrs. Vanderbiit's companion at thetime of the marriage, still remains aclose friend and is constantly atBetchworth. Some months ago, whileshe was being driven in a dog cart byMrs. Vanderbilt from Reigate thehorse bolted and upset both womenand the groom, who was with them,out of the cart. The horse was ayoung one from Vanderbiit's -stablesat Hendon, and Manager Wilson hassince had instructions to see thatquieter horsesare sent to Betchworth.I have just secured a new barberfrom Chicago and am prepared togivethe public first class service. Give mea call. Shop is equinped with electricfans to keep you cool. Three firstclass barbers. My bath tubs are alwavs"ready. aug2tf BUCK FREEMAN.KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO. -"The Blue Grass Route."Hourly High Speed ThroughService.ParisLexington -Division.FrankfortJSt . ST ?"-'' -PT :-rT r " T a -yrf -r-J- r- -r'-'.Jr 1 ,t,H. ?.t&MxAmwvtzwrjzfyitr -5-asr.. - -r mm - - . .,mwmm?fZKZ&ZXztrwBfSotEsSizm"Jr sIV bSf iiamrnerless.rc. ttttvtt n r nunog!rcf MlFJuAI xjJ""CX;. r fi. ixuo nemriuu ujj essa carte cl bcantj too !rare Safe Shooting for Man or BoyJLn4 a Simple Rif le to Care ForThe Rerrdnglon-UMC .22 Repeater iS rifled, sighted and.tested for accuracy by expert gunsmiths. It shoots as you hold.The simple, improved safety device on every RemingtonUMC .22 repeater never fails to work. Accidental dischargeis impossible.The Ramingion-UMC .22 Repeater is easily cared for.In taking down, your- fingers are your only tools. The breechblock, firing pin and extractor, come out ia one piece permittingthe barrel to be cleaned from the breech.The action handles .22 short, .22 long or ,22 long rifle cartridges any or all at the same time without adjustment.RemirtRton-UMC the perfect shooting combinationRemington Arms-Union Metallic Cartridge Go.299 Broadway 4 New York CityCOLLIES TO HERD REINDEERUncle Sam Hires Blue-Blooded Scionsto Teach the Plebeian Caninesof Alaska.All LengthsGCaHin andExamine Them.PARIS,KENTUCKY.BB 17 E3fir JBBBBbidSSm!jBBfBBI IrBBHBy Iv !H Ej k IJ1)The LatestThing ImfStovesFor'a'midnight supper, as for any other meal at any 'other time, the very latest thing in stoves thebestthat stove-artists can do is aIt Burns OilNo AshesIt Concentrates HeatNo WasteIt Is Handy" , No DirtIt is Ready"-No Delayim ffJt !-m M a B ii at WTOil Ccok-stovsiTconcentrates the heat when you want itand where you want it. It is cs auick as gas,steadier and handier than'coal, cheaper thaniTTie New Perfection Store has Ionz, enameleo!,i,trnnBe.hhie chimneys, ft handsomely finishedm J ik mt l .!. t-L Mn Jrin eKlvc. tnwelracks, etc Made with 1 . 2 or 3 burners.All dealers carry tha New PoJn StoTe.r- r i. nl ifi wrv rfove- Coox-oooE alsoriven to anyone tending 5 cents to cover mailmg cost.STANDARD OIL COMPANY(Incorporated in Kentucky; " -CerfastoB. Ky Ltmimlk. Ky Atlamta. Ga BimunglaHi. Ala mnd Jacksoimne. FU.Seattle. "Wash. Lass and Major,blue-blooded collies, who date theirancestry back to the coming of someCollie William the Conquerer to Bonnie Scotland, have been hired byUncle Sam to educate the dogs ofAlaska. Their particular field of activity will be Instructing collies, shepherds and huskies of the wild northin the herding of government reindeer. When the steamship St. Helens sailsfrom this port Lass and Major as wellas four other collies of less aristocratic strain will be passengers. Theywill be in charge of A. N. Evans, superintendent of the northwest districtfor the department of education.Among the places they will visit willbe St. Michael, Teller and St. Lawrence island.At the last local bench show Lassand Major took blue ribbons and special prizes against the field. Theywere purchased from Mrs. A. Stinsonof this city recently, and Major madethe transfer memorable by falling intothe hands of the pound master. Hewas rescued from prison by W. T.Lopp, chief of the Alaskan division,department of education, very muchsoiled and worn out with his adventures about the city. At herding collies excel every breed of dog knownto man, and Lass and Major, beingalmost intelligent enough to speakEnglish, are expected to accomplishwonders with the native dogs of thenorth. Some doubt is expressed whether or not they will readily learn theEskimo and Indian dialects of northern dogdom, but Mr. Lopp and Mr.Evans think that a short acquaintancein Alaska will make them proficientin tongues.Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort eery hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m.,and at 10 p. m., the Jast car going onlyas far as VersaillesCars leave Lexington for Versailles,Frankfort and Paris, every hour from6 a. in. until 7 p. m, and at 9 andll d.m., the last car going only as far asVersailles.Cars leave Versailles 'for Lexingtonand Paris every 15 minutes after thehour from 6:15 a. m. until 8:15 p. m.and at 11 :lo p. m.. last car going onlyas far as Lexncton.Cars leave Versailles for Frankforteverv 45 minutes after the hour from6:45 a. m. until 7:45 p. m., and at 9:45p. m.Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington and Paris every thirty minutes after the hour from 6:30 a. m.until 7:30 p. m., and 10:30 p . in., thelast car going only as far as Lexington. GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTON-NICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexington and Nicholasville 'every forty-fiveminutes after the honr from 5:45 a. m.until 6:45 p. m., and at 8:05 and 10:05p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville every thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 p. m.fand at 9 and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville tor Lexington every fifteen minutes after the hourfrom 6:15 a. m. until 8:15 p.m. and 3 a10 :15 p.rm.- Cars leave Lexington for Georgetown every hour on the hour from 6a. m. until 7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p.im.I No 6 a. m. cars on Sunday .17-tfk 'Billeted Himself on Society."I haven't done any work, and Idon't intend ever to do any more.They have had the best of my days inprison, and they will have to keep mefor the rest of my life," said a burglarat the London sessions.f She Knew.He It is wonderful what meanthings you girls can say to each other.She Well, you'd say mean things tooif you were a girl and knew all thoother girls were saying mean, thingsabout you.JLfoBourbon Laundry fDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Street1 ag KWe Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Lanndrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes brack on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatee.4AsBourbon Laundry.Paris Kentucky.tilsISIP l 0 FIANDERS 'S5sstoiKobaos EME j LZ ig j J 1zDo ModeCs fflJ.iL f9 l .You Want the Best mmL Ml iot tii napest m lS ll Vt -t..... JJlIPlg mM Ml I rSPOUSE FLIRTS WITH SPOOKS'Denver Woman, Asking Divorce,Brings Singular AccusationAgainst Husband." .Denver, Colo. Charging that hereichty-y ear-old husband possesses aspirit more youthful and that whileshe knows where his mundane form jreposes at night, her own spirit isunable to follow his Lothario-like rovings on the astral "Great White Way,"Annie L. Thompson, wife of one of (Denver's most widely known millionaire spiritualists, has filed suit in ;court for separate maintenance, ashare in her husband's fortunes andconfirmation of the deed to her home.Policeman Prevents Suicide.Chicago. Had it not been forthe prompt action of PolicemanCharles Wilson of the North Halstedstreet station, Harry Meyer, 5139South Morgan street, would have ended his life from suicide bridge in Lincoln park. The policeman arrestedMeyer on a disorderly charge. IFlandero "20" Roadster, $750Don't be alarmed if somebody tells you you can buy an automobilefor less money than the $750 Studebaker-Flanders "20." You can, butyou better not. The Flanders "20" corresponds point by point with thebest and highest priced cars sold. Cheaper cars at every vital point arebuilt on ideas Ions ago discarded for good cars. Don't take our word forit. Make comparisons and see.The Studebaker-Flanders "20" is a marv?l a high grade modern carat a low price. If you pay less you buy much less. And the cheaper cartoday will cost you far more in the long run. The competing car isn'tsold which the Studebaker Corporation, the greatest automobile manufacturers in the world, couldn't reprodice for less money; but ve won'tbuild a cheap car, becauce the nrno "Ctudcbaker" means the best foryour money.If you are content with a car that runs today and dies tomorrow,don't buy the $750 Flanders "20." It will wear for years. Rememberthis the Studebaker-Fianders "20" will outwear 2 to 1 any other carunder $1100 and give you double satisfaction, confidence and comfortinto the bargain.Vc can arete itZcr.dfcr ncv) cztalogucHTTlAOVL-Sfcdebakes: CorporationDetroit- Mich.flonrbDif Garage & Supply Company.V rr-2L v5fcgv TSr ,l -y'r Crv --CS?r. Jl -fcjgV -TfTHE BOURBON NEWS, PAWS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1912v '. fu.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALfflER,BOTH'PHONES DAT137; NIGHT 399.rttthe Bome of Correct Tootwear'DAN COHEN!THESCHOOLSAREOPEN!Let the children start right witha pair of good, up-to-date servicable Shoes. Our great purchase ofFall stocks assures you of a choiceselection of snappy, up to-the-minoute footwear that will stand therough wear at prices ofOne-Third LessTheir Real Values!We have a large assortment ofhigh top and regular cut Shoes inall leathers and in all f popularstyles, whether for school, dress orwork.Fall GoodsCrowding Us ForRoom!This week we will clean out allremaining Summer Shoes and Ox-Ab wa mM A. mw Asm fe. . Lk. ma fe-m lurus cll sacriuce pnccb.Specials While They Last.S1.99S1.2499c45c$3.00 and $3.50 Ladies' WhiteShoes and Pumps, now.ladies' $2.00 White Two-strapPumps, nowMisses' and Children's durable Kid Button Shoes, specialA round-up of all odds and ends of Ladies'Oxrords, $2 and $2.50 values, now(Sizes 2 1-2 to 4 1-2)Advance Tall Special Men's high-gradefootwear, including all the advance styles this Fall in Tan, GunMetal and Patent, a great value...M1LLERSBURG ITEMS."II$2.99 1DAN COHEIN,J 336 Main St., Paris, Ky. IThe Ebenezer Presbytery of theSouthern Presbyterian church openedat the First Presbyterian church Tuesday evening at 7 :30 Several of themininsters and elders arrived on thevarious trains of Tuesday, thoughmany did not get in until Wednesday.The absence of the venerable Dr. H. M.Scudder, of Carlisle, who died withinthe past year, was conspicuous. Hewasfor many years clerk of the Presbytery and a familiar figure on the.floor every time this body met for thepast half century. A fairly good audience was present atthe opening meeting. A musical urogram with Miss Lucille Dailey presiding at the organ wasgood. The sermon was preached bythe Kev. H. M. Moore, pastor of theMadison street church, at Covington.Mr. Moore is a new minister in thePresbtyery, havng been recently installed. His sermon was logical, instructive and entertaining, taking as a"basis of his thought "Lite is a Privilege," which was ably handled.At the close of the sermon Mr. Marshall McKnight, of Washington, Ky.,took the chair as Moderator. The rollcall showed quite a nomber of ministers and delegates absent, who, however, arrived Wednesday moming.The selection of Moderator was thenin order. Dr. Cowan, of Auguata,placed in nomination Dv. Moore, ofCovington. There being no other nomination Mr. Moore's nomination wasmade unanimous. He accepted thecharge in an appropriate brief address.The order of program was then brieflydiscussed. The Presbytery then tooka recess until 9 p. m., Thursday, asWednesday was to be devoted to laymen's work. The ladies' missionarymeeting of the Ebenezer Presbytery,which is'being held in conjunction withthe Presbytery, opened Wednesday at10:30 a. m., a fair audience beingpresent. The devotional exercises opened on time, presided over by Dr. H.M. Moore, of Covington. Rev. R. S.Sanders, of the local church, then introduced Mr. M. P. Collier, an officerof his church, who delivered the address of welcome to the conference.His address occupied about ten minutes, and was enjoyed by all who heardit. He caught the audience in the beginning by a few timely illustrations.Among other things he said he wasglad to welcome this body of Presbyterians. In this age of Presbyteriansthat some of the greatest men in allwalks of life were Presbyterians. TheGovernor of Kentucky is a Presbyterian, as is some of its greatest orators.After this address the conferencewas then organized. Mr. J. B. Noyes,of Mavsyille, was elected chairman,and Mr. Horace Taylor of Carlisle,secretary. Then followed the enrollment of delegates after which Dr. H.H. Sweets, of Louisville, preached theconference sermon, taking as the subject of his thought "Andrew theBrother of Simon Peter," picturinghow Andrew had found Jesus, and howas a quiet man he had gone in and outof the presence of the Saviour. ThePresbyterian church, he said, had always advocated higher education, assome of the best school and academiesof the country were in the Presbyterian church ; and the Presbyterianpreachers had to be educated men.He said there was no reason when achurch was without a pastor why anelder should not go to the altar, read achapter, pray, and read a sermon if hedid not have anything in person to say,and go from the multitude in thathumble way as Andrew had done. Atrend of his thought was the makingof much of the so-called little things inlife.At 12:15 noon the conference took arecess until 2:30 p. m, The musicalprogram in the morning was good,with Miss Lucille Dailey presiding atthe organ, assisted by a well trainedchoir.The following is a partial list of theministers and delegates present: ChiefJustice J. B. Hobson, Frankfort ;T. T.Forman, Lexington ; &. O. Dorsev.Carlisle Rev. R. L. Benn and J. B.Noyes Masyville; Dr. B. M. Shive.Paris ; Thos. Marshall and Mr. Howe,Elizaville; Mr. W. W. Norton andRev. Dr. Boggs. Catlettsburg; Mr.Garrett Weathers.Clintonville ;Messrs.Kearns and Weaver, Moorefield ; Rev.R. M. Caldwell, Moorefiejd: Rev. Herbert Moore, Covington ; Rev. J. C.Cowan and Mr. Milner, Augusta; Mr.Tadlock and Mr. Grundy, Sharon ; J.D. Biggs. Riverton ; Mr. McKnight,Washington ; Dr. W. W. Evans, Walton ; S. H. Crutcher, Crittenden ; Horace Taylor, Carlisle ; Mr. Ben Caldwell, Moorefield.The Eebenezer Presbytery was called tu order Thursday at 9 a. m. withmoderator H. M. Moore, of Covington,in the chair. After the reading ofthe record a number of communications were read by the clerk, most otthem from the general assembly, asking foi minor changes in the confession of faith. A communication wasread from Rev. J. B. Tadlock, whowas compelled to retire from the ministery in the Presbytery on account ofbad health and is now in Virginia.Dr. Cowan, of Augusta, asked thatthe relationship bbetween he and theAugusta church be desolved. Thematter was laid over until the afternoon session. At 10:30 the Presbyterytook a recess until 11 o'clock, at whichtime Dr. Coman, of Augusta, preachedan able sermon, at the close of whichthe Sacrament of the Lord's Supperwas taken. Dr. Shive. of Paris, presiding. At noon an elaborate lunchwas served in the basement of thechurch to the Presbytery, local congregation and other visitors. The followin is an additional list of visitors :Kev. and Mrs. Ljgan Morefiold. withRev. Sanders; Mr. W. L. Piper, ofCarlisle, with Mr. A. T. Moffett: Mr.Ennis Ross, of Carlisle, with M'rs.E.N. Ingles; Mr. and Mrs. W. G. McCJintock, of Paris, with Mr. and Mrs.M. P. Collier: Mrs. Sallie Neel, ofParis, wiht Mrs. M.J. Caldwell ; JudgeDenis Dundon, of Paris, and Mr. W.W. Mitchell, of Paris, with Squire E.P. Thomnson.The Laymen's Conference of the Ebenezer Preshvtery, which was in session here Wednesday in conjunctionwith the Presbytery, was called to order Wednesday at 2:30 p. m. withChairman J. B. Noyes, of Maysvillein the chair. The work of the afternoon consisted of four interesting addresses by Elder J. L. Pyle, of Vanceburg. Rev. 8. M. Shive, ot Paris, , Elder T. T. Forman, of Lexington, andRev. H. H. Sweets, of Louisville.Following this short addresses weremade by Rev. Benn, of Maysville, andMr. D. D. Mclntyre, of Miliersburg.An "elaborate banquet was served bythe ladies of the congregrtion at closeof which Rev. B. S Saunders of thelocal church, acting as toastmaster,called on the following for responses :Dr. H. M. Moore, of Covington. Dr.Cowan, of Augusta, Dr. C. C. Fisher,of Miallerbsurg Hon. Claude M.Thomas, of Paris, who was scheduledas the principal after-dinner orator,was unavoidably prevented from beingpresent'. Rev. J. D. Redd, pastor oftheM ethodist Church at Millerbsurg,was then introduced. His address wasgood abounding in humor, paying aglowing tribute to the work of thisconference, and also to their festiveboard. The last response was by Rev.H. H. Sweets, of Louisville. ChiefJustice J. B. Hobson, of KentuckyCourt of Appeals, delivered the addresa of the evening to a large and interesting audience. At the close ofhis address, business of a minor character was transacted. The conferenceadjournedjjat 9:50.Amity Lodge No. 40 F. and A. M.,met Monday evening, Sept. 23, at 6p. m., in called communication forthe purpose of conferring the Fellowcraft degree on Mr. W. S. Judy andMaster Mason's degree on Mr. RobertHugbea. The second degree work wa3done by Mr. J. B. Cray, W. M., protem, and the third degree work byMr. M. P. Collier, acting Master ofthe lodge. A large crowd was presentand the, work was well put on. Duringrecess sandwiches and two-year-oldham, pickles and coffee were served,which was enjoyed by all who werepresent.Dr. W. G. Dailey is somewhat improved. Mr. G. W. Bramblett is quite illfrom gall stones.Cadet Pusham, of Danville, has entered school at the M. M. I.Mr. and Mrs. S. C. Blackell, of Carlisle, are guests of Mrs. FoBter.Mr. C. D. Tackett opened his butcher shop on Fifth street Wednesday.Mr. William Linville, of Paris, is aguest of the Mitchell boarding house.Mrs. Berry Bedford, of Lexington,is the guest of her sisters, the MissesChanslor.Miss Nannie Barbee. of Danville, wasthe guest of her sister, Mrs. SallieBest, last weekMrs. Thos. Wilson, ot Robertson Station, is the guest of her sisters, theMisses Chanslor.Mrs. Turner Perry, of Owingsville,is the cuest of her parents, Mr. andMrs. Thos. McClintock.Mrs. B. F. Goodman, ot Paris, spentTuesday and Wednesday with her "parents, Mr. and Mrs. Jas. McNamara.Mrs. G."W. Judy, of Lexington, is atthe bedside of her aunt, Miss BettieF. Vimont, who has been quite ill withneuralgia of the heart.Kev. Lee Tinsley, of Morristown.Ind., preached at the Christian churchThursday right and will preach againFriday night. All who heard him onThursday night were favorably impressed.Rally day, Sunday, September 29,at the Preshvterian Sunday school.Special exercises and collection forSunday School extension. All Sundayschool puDils, members of the churchand the members of the home department of the Sundayx school are requested to be present.Will Receive Trophy NexfSprinfThe Blue Grass League Pennant for1912 will be formally presented to theSenators at the opening of the nextseason At a meeting of the league directors held in Frankfort Wednesdaythe honors were awarded the Senators.All.of the clubs in the league wererepresented excepting Richmond andLexington. The meeting was calledto order by President Neal but no other business was transacted. Anothermeeting will be held in October. It issaid there will be something interesting to the clubs and fans. Accordingto i President Neal the Blue GransLeague will come back to its own nextseason.gThe past season-was a bad one forbase ball all over the country snd JtheBluegrass suffered along with the others. The Paris club is in debt, butwith a good team to begin with nextyear, the fans will accord it a heartysupport and there should be no reasonfor it not paying out and lay a neatsum away."Lefty" Weilman, late of the Rivermenj pitched against the ChicagoWhite Sox at St. Louis. Wednesday,letting his oDPonents down with onehit and winningihis gamejby a scoreof12 to 0. He struck out five men andgave one pass.The day for the baseball championship of the world will begin in NewYoik, October 8. between the NewYork Nationals and the Boston Americans.Plan for Perry Centennial.Tentative plans for Louisville's sharein the Perry victory centennial celebration next year and initial steps toward the oragnization oflthe KentuckyPerry Celebration Association, to havecharge of Kentucky's observance 'ofthe centennial, were made last. week.Indications are that the celebrationwill be carried out on a more giganticscale than anything ever undertakenin Louisville. Due'credit is being accorded Kentucky by the Perry Centennial Commiassioners for her part inthe war of 1812. and that they lookedespecially to this state to take a largepart in the$big celebration. The Perry centennial, rather than being a recognition of a great victory, was to bea peace celebration, in which all theEnglish speaking countries Lwould participate.The whole week will be a -round ofindustrial, educational and historicalpageants. Newport, Lexington, Harrodsburg. Frankfort, Paris, Danvilleand other Kentucky cities will have apart in these parades and the KentuckyHistorical Society and similar organizations will be invited to have a museum in the city during the week. Themuseumfas planned will be open to thepublic. The battle of Lake Erie willbe reproduced.NOTICE.City taxes for the year1912 are now in my handsfor collection at my office atthe Deposit Bank.C. K. THOMAS,26-tf City Collector.Jim Crow Law Upheld.Affirming the judgment of the Shelby Circuit Court in the case of theChesapeake and Ohio Railroad Company againstt he Commonwealth, Railroad Commissioner Clay Friday wrotethe opinion oft he'Appellate Court udholding the Jim Crow law in this statein fining the railroad company 500 forpermitting blacks and whites to ridein the same coach.The principal evidence in the casewas given by Judge James H. Polsgrove and Attorney Leslie W. Morris,who testified that the train on whichthe Jim Crow law was violated was aspecial sent out from Lexington January 30, 1 11. infwhich black passengerswere pprmitted to sit in the same coachwith white passengers.No signs, they said, designated compartments tor whites and blacks, andthat a number ofjnegroes smoked ciearettesinjthe presence j)f white womenin the coach.Old Fortification Sold.At a Dublin auction mart the martello tower on the island of Shenick,near Skerries, was recently sold. Themonument to the old style of resisting invasion was disposed of for agood price, but the name of the purchaser was not disclosed."Louisiana Lou" at Lexington.Miss Cecelia Noasio, one of the bestof American singing and dancing soubrettes and ingenues, will have thedainty title part in "Louisiana Lou"when, on next Monday matinee andnight that successful musical comedyby Addison Burkhaidt. Frederick Donachey and- Ben M. Jerome is given atthe Lexincton Opera House.Miss Nqyasio i3 one of two sistersof the same name, who have come rapidly forward in the last four seasonsin both comic ODera and musical comedy. The other Novasio girl is Angelina, who is now singing, dancing andacting as the wily Japanese girl, Koo-le-Li.in "The Girl at the Gate," inthe La Salle Opera House, Chicago.The two Novasios have been co-membersof the companies headed by. respectively, Fritzi Scheff and Gracevon Studdiford. One summer for experience, they juined a weekly changerepertoire company, and in that waygot an acquaintance with nearly all thesoubrette and ingenue parts in thestandard comic operas. Seat saleopens today.Democrats.Tuesday is Democratic RegistrationDay. Polls open at 6 a. m. and closeat 9 p. m.Most Farmers Know That.Chatty Sassenach "Looks prettygood soil about here; what crops doyou grow?" Sandy "It a' depends,sir." Sassenach "Depends on what?"Sandy "On the sort of seed they pitin!" Tit-Bits.Low Colonist Rates.Low one-way second class r colonistfares to California, British Columbia,Arizona, Alberta, Montana, Oragon,Vashingaton, Nevada, New Mexico,Utah and Texas. Tickets on saleSeDt. 5th to October 10th, inclusive.For further information, call on or address W. H. HARRIS. Agent.J. K. SMITH, T. A.Will Elect New Directors.The new Board of Directors of theBurley Tobacco Society are to be chosen on October 5, and the followingannouncement was issued from theheaduarters of the society Wednesdayin Lexington, directing all members ofthe new ten year pool to hold meetingsin their respective precincts next Saturday to elect delegates' to hold theelection of directors:"Notice is hereby given that allpoolers of tobacco with the Burley Tobacco Society under the ten year pooling contract, will meet in their respective voting places in their precincts ineach county on Saturday at 2 o'clock,ora s ne? r that time as may be practical for the purpose of electing one ofheir number a delegate to representhis precinct at an election to be heldat the county seat of the respectivecounties on the first Saturday in October, to-wit, October 5, 1912, for thepurpose of .electing a director of theBurley Tobacco Society, as provided insection 2 of its by-laws."STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES.'Richmond will have a poultryexhibit the first week in December.Mule buvers from the South havebeen scouring Kentucky and Indianafor suckling mule colts, but they report them to be scarce.All former records for cattleat the Kansas City stock yards werebroken Tuesday morning when 16 headof steers sold at $10.90 per hundredpounds.Snow falling in the Northwestdamaged uncut corn and flax and thousands of harvest hands, it is said, leftNorth Dakota because the weatherwas so cold.Mr. E. R. Little, of Mt. Sterling,has sold his oacing mare, Wyetta, toJ. G. Cecil, of Danville. While theprice was not made puhlic it is said tobe a good one.James B. Parks, of Madisoncountv, sold last week to Jonas Weil100 head of 1.600 pound cattle at 9cents for delivery November 1. Thisis a record price for Madison cattle.Mat Cohen, of Lexington, who isexhibiting at the Si. Louis HorseShow. Wednesday, won the novel racewith Bourbon Star over several contestants. Bourbon btar is by BourbonKing,.dam iUlla Rodman, ;Jby ChesterDare."Mr. J. J. Disher, living near Sardis, Mason county, has sold his crop oftobacco, containing about eight thousand pounds to R. O. Chambers at 103-4 cents per pound. This is the firstcrop of tobacco in the field that hasbeen reported sold in Mason countythis season.Flemingsburg Court Mondaythere was a good crowd in Fiemingsburg and a big lot of cattle, also manymule colts and some sheep. Anout1500 cattle on the market and 1.CG0sold at prices 25 to 50 cents lower thanlast court. A good many mule coltswere offered but there were no foreign buyers and he market was dull.Entries in all events in the $85,000trotting meeting, beginning October8, closed today with the largest list onrecord here. The $1,000 Kentucky Futurity has brought out a great field.It was announced that UhJan 1:5 3-4,recentlv brought back from Europeand the Harvester 2:01, both ownedby C. K. G. Billings, of Cleveland,will go for the new records.A Georgetown youth has started anew industry in that section a peanutfarm, which imght mean hundreds ofdollars to ambitious boys all over theState. Conceiving the idea that peanuts might prove a lucrative product,Silas Jenkins 13 years old, took hislittle Shetland pony and harrowed andplowed a half acre of ground on theback lot of his father's home. It tookjust a bushel of the nuts as seed, andthe result is eighteen bushels of "thegreat circus .fru5t."As far as the weather will permitthe growers of Bourbon county arerushing their tobacco into the housesthis week for fear of frost. The coldweather, together with light showersis causing all ot the producers whohave not housed their "tobacco, muchapprehension. Much of the weed istoo green to cut and full one third ofthe total crop of Bourbon Jis standingin the fields. The rains have startedit to growing again and unless thenext week affords seasonable weatherfor cutting and housing the remainderof the crop there is likely to be considerable loss from frost.Corn cutting in this county is inprogress and manv fields have beenlaid low by Jthe knife. Farmers aretaking every cpDortunity to lay by aquantity offeedjfor the wjnter and during the summer a number of siloshave gone up. These are being filledwith corn which provides an excellentfeed for stock in winter, easily accesaable doing away with much labor onthe farm during the cold winter andupon which stock thrives wonderfullyThe silo is becoming very popularamong the farmers of Bourbon countyand the number was more than doubled the past summerBy the co-operation of the UnitedStates Government and the State ofKentucky, through the College of Agriculture of the State University.planshave been perfected by which a systemof instruction in agricuture can be estabished in each county and the farmers be taught modern methods without leaving their homes.It is sought to put the system of agricultural instruction practically onthe basis of the present public schoolsystem, and each county can have a agricultural instructor who will devotehis attention exclusively to that county, and each group of twelve countieswill have a superisor to whom the instructors report and the supervisorswill in turn report through one of thethree main divisions into which thework has been divided to the directorof agricultural extension at the Collegeof Agriculture at State University.School Shoes.Go to-Feld's and get your schoolshoes for boys, misses and children.Satisfaction guraaDteed. tfTwo Fortunate States.Oregon and Washington are stateswhere roses bloom all the year round.Agent's Act Binds Company.The Court of ADpeals affirmed thejudgment of thp Lincoln Circuit Courtin the case of the Kentucky Growers'Insurance Company vs. H. H. Logan,et al. The suit originated over the insurance on Logan's boarding house,which burned down. Logan had $2,000fire and tornado insurance orrthe building, and, later, before the house burned, took out $1,200 in another 'company. The Kentuckv Growers contendedthat this had not been done with itsknowledge or consent and.has renderedits policy void by its own terms. Logan said the agent or the compaanyadvised him to take out more insurance, and, tne issue raised was whether or not this was binding on the company. The court held that it was."Roxie" Davis iCbe Insurance AgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning : : : ::.::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137per FMLQ1!cent. $1,000 to $ioo9oooW. KING & SON,125 Cheapside, Lexington, Kyj.5fc- a.-.vttC,