Slu"- tJ--, V1 &' t&&Z- - -vjstAs Is tr"ftrssi?rK taC,fc,rf6. , taAryjOmMnJifctaMHrfi jt'THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR3.:?VOLUIE XXXI.4"PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1912I'dflfcEast Tenn. Phone 288 . Home Phone 130Wbcre Quality Connts inSterling SilverWeight, Fineness, Durability,Finish.Our display of Sterling Silver is the largest,finest, and more complete than ever shown sin Paris. Goods of Quality only pleasingto the eye-ornamental to the home practical for service.Prices the Very jCowestWe Cordially Invite Your Inspection of Our Displayof Sterling Wares, Novelties and NewFall Styles in Jewelry,I!LThe House of QualitySHIRE & FITHIAN.Jf nil Your Pantry 1J , NOW!' . JAnd You Will Have No Fear ofthe Rainy Day w: W16-lbs. Granulated Sugar ....$1.00 W25-lbs. Granulated Sugar 1-.50 MPure Hog Lard, per lb . ". -. .15 yj'fPure Hog Lard, by the 50-lb. cans, 14 ADry Salt Bacon, per lb :..... .-.. i 14 jkNice.lean Bacon, per lb ,. ." 18 JJJfhi-To-No Breakfast Bacon, sliced 25 WCu-To-No Hams, Sliced .-. 25JJk 2 Cans Good Corn 15jjj 3 Cans Baby Bunton Corn 25jki Koyai seal uats, in cans uy Old Reliable Coffee, per lb 30 )(Good Bulk Coffee, per lb 25 flft Preserving Pears, per bu 75 tft w$ BLUE RIBBON FLOUR Myft 25-lbSack 80cJL 50-lbSack $1.60 $)ft 100-JbSack $3.20 yfl XCTHINIHAN, It Cash Grocery. $A. Both Phones 234ZiZiSiSiSmZim -LN vy -lbss . - -w--r- - . aifi& H M I I IIHIMT mm -- fLUA-. --M-lJ mJKJW vi 7,vrr I II Jl .-. l.X-4- k.la 1 Jfcvlv: in ail inc ldic&i wivia auuI . .7 shapes, included are mk1 Imported Veloar i- : &&W$ Boys' School Suits, Caps and jpfij Odd Pants. . gPR16&&60.6l0tltoISjffcjl and Furnishers pRaising Funds for Democrats.Funds to aM m the National election are needed by the Democrats andevery effort is being made to raiseBourbon's pro Tata of the $50,000 to besecured in Kentucky to defrayfcthe expenses of the campaign.With this obect in view -ChairmanDudley of the Seventh District Committee has delegated Mayor J. T. tiinton to take charge of the work inBourbon cou&ty and he is pushing itwith all vigor looking to securing theproportion of the county to the State'sappropriation.; Mavor Hinton is "meeting with muchsuccess in his efforts to raise tne money and Democrats are coming forwardliberallv to aid in the common cause ofDemocracy. This will be the last callmade on the Democrats and those whowish to assist the party to victory thisfall should contribute without hesitancy. Not in many years has the" prospectsfo Democracy been brighter, andBourbon county should do her part toward this end, making ner contribution-toward i:i campaign fund larger than any of her sister counties inthe Ashland district. Following isthe list of contributions made to Mayor Hinton :C. M. Thomas. $50.J. T. Hinton $50.Denis Dundon, $25.Pearce Paton, $20.A. S. Thomnson, $2Q.W. F. Talbo'tt, $10.Chas. McMillan. $20.Clarence Thomas, $5.George Batterton, $20.Wm. Shire. $5.EB. January. $10.Millard Kenney. $5.Silas Bedford, 10.Joe Farris, $10.Wm. Ardery, $5.J. J. Redmon, 10.Joe Davis, $5.Wm. Webb, 10.Bruce Miller, $10.Dr. J. T. Vansant, 5.Harris & Speakes, $5.W. T. Brooks, 5.Swift Champ, 10.Total. $325.Anyone desiring to make . contributions can do so at either the store ofMayor J. T. Hinton, at the office ofSheriff A. S. Thompson or JudgeDenis Dundon at the court house.rV'WE KNOW HOW"Public Speaking. NHon. Harrv Schoberth, of Woodfordqountv, will address the Democraticvoters ot Bourbon county at the courthouse Monday afternoon, October 7, atone o'clock. Every Democrat shouldattend.Negro's Identity Established.Through the efforts of Coroner Rudolph Davis the identity of the negrokilled in the Duncan avenue cut onthe night of July 15 has been established. Certain articles of his -apparelpreserved by Mr. Davis were identifiedlby a contractor for whom he hasworked as being tnose of Bovd' Bagdell. His heme was in Alabama and hehad been employed in various construction camps'along the line of the Louisville and Nashville railroad.JPublic Speaking.Hon. Harry Schoberth, of Woodfoidcounty, will address the Democraticvoters of Bourbon county at the courthouse Monday afternoon, October 7, atone o'clock. Every Democrat shouldattend.toj v'.V '. . 4tototor;tototorwIt Is Not Too MarlyTo Buy a FallYour old straw is beginning to look rusty andour stock of Stetson and Dunlap Hats is readyfor your inspection. We are showing all thenew shades in the Stetson Velours, the roughnappy finish in greens, heathers, browns andgrays.Fall Shoes in the StetsonShoe, Korrect Shapeahd Dr. Reed'sShoes are here in the swell English last, lowheels, flat sole, in Gun Metal and Tans.Comein and try a pair on."$::iMitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to MienParis, Kentuckysmmmmmmzmm nineimiiummm;iujimnH iiniiiiiiiiiiiriiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiriniiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiuMiiiiiiiifiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiw o(CHOICE SEED.-We arc headquarters forchoice Seed Wheat, Seed Ryeand Timothy Seed.13-6t C. S. BRENT & BRO.VFRANK & COSThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.sRegistration Shows Big Gain.Registration day in this city Tuesdaypassed off quietly, and with a largeDer cent of the eligibles in the cityvisiting the polls during the day.Both the Republicans and Democratswere excedingly active in getting outtheir full strength and the latter ranup a majority of 412, an increase overlast year's registration, while the Republican columns show a sight decrease. A total of 1,460 voters registered,906 of which were Democrats, 494 Republicans, 37 IndeDendent, 20 Progressives and 3 Socialism. This gives theDemocrats a plurality of 412 oVer theReDublicans and a majority of 352over all in the city.As compared with the registrationof last year the figures show a gain of37 in the Democratic column while theRepublicans are credited with a loss of21. The Democratic majority in thecity will be increased to 500 with -thesupplemental registration.Campaign Chairman J. T. Hintonv?ho was actively engaged in gettingout the vote of the city, was highlyelated over the showing made by theDemocrats and expressed the opinionthat Governor Wilson would poll " morethan 1,000 votes in the city of Paris inthe regular election in November.The result of the registration in thesix precincts inthe city Tuesday wasas follows :D RIPSParis No. 1 121 26 5 2 $Paris No. 2 210 40 7 1Paris No. 3...: 147 51 5 TParis No 4 187 69 3 5Paris No. 5 125 392 11 2Paris No. 6 1G0 116 6 3Totals 906 494 37 20 31911 869 515 30 1Democratic gain 37.Kepublican loss 21.3aI II!Al50JohnnyCoats SNewest StylesNewest MaterialsPopular PricesJTTWe have just received from New-" York's largest maker of Ladies'and Misses' garments fifty EnglishJohnny Coats. These are all the rgo,and are made in the newest coloringsand materials.As a lady remarked to us Your'Johnny Coats are priced $5.00 less thanI've priced them at any other store.Come in and see for yourself.Price $12.50 to $20.00 Bach1 rilxThis Norfolk CoatDress $5.00 'claCO AMI XL CC II Paris, - - KentuckyliiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiTiKriim.iliiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiitiiilllliiiiillliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniuriiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniTniiriiiriiiriiiiiiiiiii Jflk&!eft7lf( aK JJTv .7JTVsM--.A'Ai rtiwaa Sft ibi. aJU-nrrT-i - 4A jaaftfj r wt trijiif"'iaffn-i-iah,xIAT -- T.vTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCTOBER 4,1912Suit J1 to OrderSiIV WJ1IVM1-MadeWe Also DoDYEHIM!'anaiiIB75;i5ailriaS!5!;iSIK!!CLEANING.PRESSING,REPAIRING.B est WorkGuaranteed.IBBIBHIB!IBXA'1iiThomas Bros.iHiaituiBE.iBQiBaiaaiKHiaviCTBiiBaiSMBiiauMiiiiliiBaiKaiuiBai'SiiSiiaBiiDECIDE YOURSELF.'The Opportunity is Here, Backed by Paris Testimony.- Don't take our word for ii. 'Uon't depend on a stranger's statem'ent.Read Paris endorsementRead the statements ofParis citi-zens.And decide for yourself. iHere is one case of it ?Mrs. A. G. Crawford. East Tenthstreet, Pans, Ky., bays: "Although Inever had occasion to take a kidnevmedicine myself I know what Doan'siKidney Pills willdo.for they have been.used in our family. One of us was jsuffering from backache and pains (through the kidneys and the action ofthe kidneys was irregular. Doans Kid-'ney Pills gave splendid results." jFor sale by all dealers. Price 50 .cents. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo,New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the name Doan's andtake no other.Highest and Lowest Points.The highest point in the United"States is the summit of Mount Whitney, California, 14,501 feet above thesea level. From this spot one may jiooK aown upon tne lowest point inthe United States, only ninety-twomiles distant, but 276 feet below theBea level, a difference in altitude of14.000 feet This lowest point is in.JDeatn, yalley."Here is a woman who SDeaks from"Dersonal knowledge and long experience, viz., Mrs. P. H. Brogan, of Wilson, Pa., who says, "I know from experience that Chamberlain's CoughRemedy is far superior to any other.IUB IKn.BHLflr US'" !!!iiiIBiiIB515IBA S!IIslMlZFor croup there is nothing that excels company closed its mills where theit." For sale by all dpalers. . strikers had been employed and transferred the work to other mills, thustin a Hammock With Browning. ' breaking the strike. The United StatesThe Spring Hill New Era tells of a steel corporation had similar success-young lady down there who was visit- ' in wqi wltn g Amalgamated AssoIng with her aunt in the country. She j ciation of Iron and Steel Workers,came in late in the afternoon and I Had the association been dealing withiner aunt asked her where she had.been. "In the hammock all the afternoon," she responded, "with my beloved Robert Browning." The aunt-eyed her steadily. Then she said:"'If I hear of any more such scandal-ous proceedings I shall write to your-jnothej Topeka Capital.' Sick headache is caused by a disord- "Tha are unalterably opposed toered stomach. Take Chamberlain's W extension of union labor and adTablets and correct that and the head- vise subsidiary companies to take firmaches will disappear,dealers.For sale by all ,Inventions by Women.It is believed that silk weavingwas invented by the wife of the fourthChinese emperor; bronze work by aJapanese lady; cashmere shawls bythe women of an East Indian harem,an'd Venetian point lace by. someItalian ladies.Dayton Ohio.Chamberlain'sJ. W. Copeland, otpurchased a bottle ofCough Remedy for his boy who had acold, and before the bottle was all used the boy's cold was gone. Is thatnot better than to pay a five dollardoctor bill. For sale by all dealers.For the Invalid.' A sizeable shoe bag with severalpockets is just the thing f or the sickroom, but not in its original capacity.Pin it firmly to the side of the bed,within reach; then it is convenientfor the invalid to slip into its variouspockets books, papers, handkerchiefs, or any of the other thingsvhich she uses, and which are notonly apt to get lost on the bed, butKhen on the bed give an appearanceof disorder.THIRD TERMER'SJOKE ON LABORBrandeis Shows Right to Organize is Not Recognized.THE PLATFORM IS SILENT.Noted Lawyer Exposes the Flimsinessof Promises Made to Workingmen byPerkins and His Candidate, WhoStands For Private Monopoly."The new party pledges itself to social and industrial justice and. specifically to 'work unceasingly for effectivelegislation looking to the prevention ofoccupational diseases, overwork, involuntary unemployment and other injurious effects incident to modern inI dustry, but nowhere in that' long and comprehensive platformj can there be found one "wordj approving the fundamental right oflabor to organize or even recognizing, this right without which all othergrants and concessions for improvement of the condition of the working-man are futile. The platform promisessocial and industrial justice, but doesI not promise industrial democracy. Thei justice which it offers is that whichj the benevolent and wise corporation1 is prone to administer through its welfare department There is no promise' of that justice which free Americanj workingmen are striving to secure for, themselves through organization. InI deed, the industrial policy advocatedi by the new party would result in theI denial of labor's right to organize.! "The new party stands for the per-petuation and extension of privatemonopoly in industry that private! monopoly from which the few haveI ever profited at the expense of themany ana for tne detnronement orwhich the people have, in the past,fought so many valiant battles. Thatcursed product of despotism, the newparty, proposes to domesticate in ourrepublic, proclaiming. 'We do not fearcommercial power.' Certainly organized labor has had experience with thegreat trusts which should teach allmen that commercial power may be sogreat that it is the part of wisdom tofear it"The above declaration was made byLouis D. Brandeis before the convention of the American Federation ofLabor, Massachusetts state branch, atFitchburg, Sept 18.Of Supreme Importance.He urges a careful study of the newparty platform, particularly its effectupon labor, noting not only "WHAT ITCONTAINS, but WHAT IT OMITS,adding, "When you make that examination you will find that there is asignificant omission and that this skillfully devised platform TAKES FROMLABOR MORE THAN IT GIVES."Labor Record of Trusts.Mr. Brandeis then lays bare the labor record of the trusts, declaring that"great trusts the steel trust, the sug-ar trust the beef trust,the tobaccotrust, the smelter trust and a whole, troop of lesser trusts have made theextermination of organized labor from1 their factories the very foundationstone of their labor policy. The abili-j ty to defeat labor's right to combinesoems to have been regarded by the, trust magnates as a proper test of theefficiency of their capitalistic combination." Mr. Brandeis shows that in 1S99,during the Colorado smelters' strike.the American Smelting and Refininjcompeting employers the result wouldhave been different The United StatesSteel trust was prompt in introducingthis plan. June 17, 1901. six weeksafter it began its operation, its executive committee passed this vote, whichwas offered by Charles Steele, .a partner of George W. Perkins in the firmof J. P. Morgan & Co.:position when these questions come upand say that they are not going to recognize it that is, any extension of union in mills where they do not nowexist"Union Men Not Wanted.The result was that the bulk ofAmerican union laboring men in theiron and steel industry were made tounderstand that they were not wantedat the works of the United States Steelcorporation. Places once filled bys American laborers loyal to their unionwere given to others, and, as the Stanley committee found. "Horde's of la' borers from southern Europe pouredinto the United Staj?.", Hence about SO por cont of the unI skilled laborer in the iron and steeli business are foreigners f these classes.1 the profits going to the steel corporation. Mr. Brandeis declared that "the' immeQiate and continuing result of, the steel trust's triumph over organ1 Ized labor has been an extensive system of espionage and repression."There has been no disturbance ofbusiness interests during this presidential campaign. Why? Confidence intheIntegrity of .the Democratic nomi-i and right purposes of the party.neesTHE B0URB0MEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,- -PublisherEntered at Postoffice at 'Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year 2.00 Six Months. .1.00pc Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and. similar matt er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The righf o publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.DEMOCRATIC TICKET.For President,HON. WOODROW WILSON,of New Jersey.For Vice-President,HON. THOS. R. MARSHALL,of Indiana.For Congress,HON. J. CAMPBELL CANTRILL,of Scott county.Gov. Wilson's Courage.There f are few public men of thecourge of Governor Wilson. He standsfor aprinciple and dares defend it even at the risk of failure to realize 'hisambition'. He had rather be rightthan President, and the people willlove him for making enemies of thosewho wear the livery of Democracy, thebetter to serve the devil of Plutocracy. It was Senator Smith of New Jersey and his clique who, twenty yearsago made it impossible for the Democrats to carry out their platform promises as to the tariff. He was a reactionary then and he is a leactionarynow. He wanted to misrenresnnt zheState of New Jersey again in theUnited States Senate and claimed thathis advocacy of a high protective tariffis in the interest ot the working man,a most arrant absurdity. The menwho grow rich by the tariff are not thefriends of labor and no tariff was everdesigned for the laboring man.Governor Wilson has no patiencewith such utterances or with the menwho make them. He boldly declaredthat Senator Smith must be beatenand by a man who stands for policieschanged by circumstances and alteredby necessities of pontics. In otherwords that he would stand for no manwho does not stand squarely on theprogressive platform adopted at Baltimore. The result was Smith wasbeaten by 20.000. Al honor to such aman, and he is sure to receive it fromthe people who love honesty in politicsand uprightness and integrity in men.The Trusts and Teddy.When Governor Wilson stated thatthe crusts grew and flourished fasterunder his administration than ever before in the history of the country,Colonel Roosevelt threw several fitsand indulged in his usual inlenffieratelanguage in denouncing the, charge andthe man who made it. But GovernorWilson is not given to making "statements that are not supported by thefacts., Senator La Follette, one of the mostprogressive men in the Republicanparty, who was ruthlessly cast asideby Roosevelt in his inordinate .ambitionto be President againrnakes the statement, after foil investigation, thatwhen Roosevelt became President thetotal amount of the stock and bond issues of all combinations and trusts, including the railways then in combination, was only ?3784,uQO.0U0. WhenRoosevelt turned the country over toTaft the total capitalization of thetrusts and combination amounted' tothe enormous sum of $31,67, 000,000.more than seventv per cent of whichwas water. Prices were put up ontransportation and on the products ofthe mines and factories to pay interestand dividends on this fraudulent capitalization.. No wonder the trusts arefavorable to the third termer. Theyknow bv experience that they can getall thev want with him at the head ofthe government.Thoughts on Education.Educctect people are often so stupidas to make one doubt whther thepoor can gain all by education. But,on the other hand, uneducated peopleare often so wise that we fear theyhave something to lose, even if theyhave nothing to gain, by being educated. In short, the modern methodsof political reform, even when,, they.have done well, have not done "So ob-j viously well that it is certain to be aI beefit toextend tliem -Tax in Italy-why 'do protectionists never point'toItaly as an illustration of how excessive tariff rates "protect' the commonpeople.Italy is one of the most highly protected countriesjof Europe. It is famous as a country "flowing with milkand honey."Yet they never'talk about Italy, dothe upward revisionist.Italy put heavy duties on both agricultural and manufactured imports.She pays her people exceedingly lowwages. She charges them very highprices for the necessities of ilfe. Theyemigrate in large numbers.To understand the situation clearlywe must go back to 1887. Aboutthat time a violent revolution in thesystem ot Italian customs was broughtabout. A powerful political group oftextile manufacturers joined forcesfor their own ends with'a powerful political group of large landowners.Tariffs were heavily increased. Butnot on everything. That powerfulband of textile manufacturers tookgood care that lesser manufacturers,who made articles needed in the textile factories, were not enabled to putup their prices.Hand in hand with the powerfulmanufacturers the big landownerscame out "for a slice of the tariffpie." In order that they should besufficienty compensated for being inpolitics, the landowners had a heavytax placed on wheat. In Italy it isonly the big landowners who growwheat. Three out of every four landowners in Italy are possessors of smallproperties, cultivating fruit for wine.They have to buy a considerable partof the wheat they eat. So it happenedthat where one large farmer got bigger profits, three small fruit farmersgot hit. That is the way protectioninvariably works out. What is oneman's protection is anhother man'spoison.Hark, however, this further resultof the Italian tax on'wheat: Millionsof Italians never eat wheat bread, except in cases of illness or special festivals. They make a bread maize. Inthis and in other respects the standardof living of the Italian people is verylow, because prices are too high.An enormous fiscal and protectivetax was also put upon sugar. Theprices giewso high that Italian farmers watched their "oranges, lemons,peaches, and other products of a warmand generous sun rot on their trees inorder that the 33 manufacturers of thesugar syndicate might levy upon consumers a yearly tribute."Far and away the chief of the Italian industries are silk reeling andithiead throwing. These industrieshave been seriously hampered by protection. And Italy is the home of thesilk wormOne of the chief troubles of Italy isthat the general rise in prices has sogreatly lessened the purchasing powerof the wages of the people that thegreat mass of the small dealers andthe workingmen and women suffer bitterlv. It is calculated that while ten Italians lose by protection, only onestands any chance of gaining. Hedoes not always gain, for the countrydoes not progress. The interests ofItFly are sacrificed to the one in ten.In other words excessive tariffs increased the cet of living to the Italianpeople just as the Payne-Aldrich lawisjnsreasing the cost of living in theUnited States.Is it anv wonder the protectionismsneveu ask us, to "look at Italy'Almost a Miracle.One of the most startling changesevre seen in anv man, according to W.B . Kblsclaw, Clarendon Texas, waseffected years Ego in hes brother. "Hehad such a dreadfulcough' he writes,"that all our family- thought he wasgoingr into consumption,, but he beganto use Dr. King's New Discovery, andwas completely cured by ten bottles.Now he is sound and well and weighs21T pounds. For many years our famils.has used this wonderful remedy forcoughs and colds with excellent results."! It's quick, safe, reliable andgaaranteed. Price 50 cents and $1.Trial bottle free at Oberdorfer's.Preserve Self-Respect.. Being honest is the greater part ofachievement. When you know thatyou're doing the best within you, yostcan't be downed. Self-respect is an.eternal lilfe preserver no matter howoften circumstances wreck you,you're bound to float back to solidground again. Exchange.Bustard Might Be Valuable.It is suggested that the bustard, akind of bird in China, be domesticatedin America. It weighs from 14 to 18"pounds and the flesh is well flavored.The Danger Alter Griplies often in a Jj'run down system.Weakness, nervousness, lack-ot appetite, energy and ambition, with disordered ilver and kidneys follow an attack of this wretched disease. Thegreatest need then is ;EIectric Bitters,the glorious tonic, blood purifier andregulator of stomach, liver and kidnevs. Thousands have proved thatthey wonderfully strengthen thenerves, build up the system and restoreto health and good spirits after an attack of grip. If suffering try them.f Only 50 cents. Sold and perfect satis-factionguarantea by Uberdorter.FLASHES."Women in middle age often complain of hot flashes. They are at that stagaof life when their delicate organism needs a tonic and helping-hand which only Dr.Pierce's Favorite Prescription can give them. Many women suffer needlessly fromgirlhood to womanhood and from motherhood to old age with backache, dizziness or headache. A woman oftqn becomes sleepless, nervous, " broken-down,"irritable, and feels tired from morning to night. When pains and aches rack thewomanly system at frequent intervals, ask your neighbor aboutDoctor Pierce's favorite PrescriptionMrs. J. Imhof, of C21 S. Bentalon StrcGt, Baltimore, Md caysr Iwrots you about nine months ago, te!!insr you of my condition. I have afine baby girl she weished nine pounds vrhon bom. She i3 my third chiUand the strongest of them all. 2Iy suffering va3 o!y for tvro hours. Itook several bottle3 of 'Favorite Prescription' end one of Dr. Pierce'sSmart-Weed. I never had a voll day boliro I took yc-r medicines. I wassurprised how well I felt could eat was always hungry, and never had asick stomach. The nurse who was with me said the medicine was wonderful because I got along so nicely after having had so much trouble before.She intends to recommend it to all her suffering patients. Everybody hastonished at me because I only weighed 102 pounds before and now Iweigh 135. I have had several ladies come to me and ask about Dr. Pierce'smedicine. I am willin? to recommend it to all who suffer and waafc help,ti any want infarmauoa I will be glad to uiye it to them."ORTRIGHT.l 4 '-7 j a-iB77, A . M ,,4',l.WI. :; 7A WM ; WMVyffl MiJ f?siCv ''." f rrL'fJit..ri A I rvjL(,,u ilLI,iwt-; w&MmmmmmEy ffJkvrrr.nI1 "J..Hi.mf 17 laid tnevtemMm&mWgood wood shingle, and is some place3Reft pui en 26 years ago are as good asFor Sale by Miller &S2szgam22bI That You Try OurIt will give satisraction from the start.Why not begin to-day burning it?Dodson & Denton .PARIS, KY.(SsS(&rA$ggi;GasZ3Bfe 2s&(Cumberland telephone ana telegraph ompt.nyINCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the CumberlandBour-bon County Exchanges atParis, Milierslx3rg,JNorth Middletown, Little Rock andRuddies Mills.5" When you have Cumberland service youJHAYE telephone service.1 'Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporatedAUTO FOR HIRESpecial attention given toparties desiring to hire automobiles. CalL on us forpricesTRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.I MARTIN BROS.Livery, Feed and Sales Stable.Eighth Street Both Phones.Some Good AdviceTo the People.Don't sell your old feathers until you find out the prices, Youcan call us and we will look atyour feather, or if you live inthe counrry send us a sample. Iwill let you know what they areworth. Somej)ld feathers if theyhave been well cared for are asgood as new. We pay marketprice for new feathers.MXX MUNICK, ,8tlf Street, PARIS, KY.Call East Tenn, Phone 374ffttJ n' 1 v4v.Mrs. Ixhof & Child.W CTA 1,4- CHiur.i reLAID RIGHTOVER OLD WOODSHINGLESdirt no bother, and when once' make a thoroughly storm-proofproof roof, neither of which canbe claimed for the wood shingle.As to price they cost no more than athey cost much less.new today, and have never needed repairs.Best, Miliersburg, Ky.NEW - BARBER SHOP !Modern Equipment,4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths.1.Polite Service.j .oEverything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDProfessional CardsJ J. WIIiliTAJtfS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.itoom 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY..Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones l1Residence le3gi.DR.-A. H KELdDER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4j and 5, Elk's Bld'gJParis - KentuckyrvvVE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCTOBER 4, 1912.Burley Tobacco GrowersBoost Your Own i BrandsWe, as you know, are using your choicest " tobacco irT thebrands of Strater Bros.' Branch, and you know that nobody growsbetter tobacco than you do. You know how we manufacture, soyou know that these brands are perfection. Now we want you tohelp us sell these brands this year even better than our bestprevious years. The reasons you should so help are as follows:You Are Part OwnerThe fact that you grow the tobaccoT-ukes you part owner of all thesebrands.ery time that one sells yon profit.very word that you say m favor of anytelps to increase those sales. EveryDand that you buy for your own useHcIfs make those profits better. All ourinterests your interests and ours arepooled in these several tobaccos. It islojric that you should bend all of yourenorts, however small, in the selling.The United Power of40,000 Buyers40,000 men in a section wield an enor-T-jus buying influence. If all ask fortlese brards when they buy tobaccotere results a gigantic sale. And bigules are the best advertising known.Smokers and chewers flock to brandsthat they see the most people buying.40,000 steady users indirectlv make 40,000 more. Get them for Strater Bros.'Branch Brands the brands that yougrow forby using these brands yourself.Tell Every FriendTell your friends of these brands. Tellthem what you know of the tobacco. Tellthem you grow it and smoke and chewit yourself, so you know. Tell them itcomes'from Kentucky, from the centerof the richest Burley sections. Let themknow it's the cream of your crops andthat they can buy these brands from'most any dealer, because dealei s knowthat these brands are the best they canbuy.Burley growers should be Burley Boostersand the best way to boost is to BUY BurleyYOUR OWN BRANDS-YOURSELF.ry one of these growers is boosting: them all. So are all ofthnir fncnflc. Th,e moVi ilSng the profits to dealers to those who sell these brands. Are they working for sou-lere are the mild, fragrant smoking brands GOLDEN GLOW PENNY POST FULL PAY.Aere are the delicious chewing brands INDEX BY JOE TWIST CUP DAY'S WORK3N THE SQUARE-TORCHLIGHT-STRATER'S NATURAL LEAF.Put them into ycur stock. See how they sell.STRATER BROS. TOBACCO COMPANY BRANCHBURLEY TOBACCO COMPANY, Incorporated, Louisville, Ky.(2)L. & N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59'P. M.Trains .A.rrrv"eFROMAtlanta, Ga., Daily : . 5 21 amLexington, Ky., Daily 4. . . 4.15amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 amRowland, Ky. , Daily ExcepD Sunday 7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 amCincinnati, O., Duily 9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 amLexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pmKnoxville: Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky. , Daily 5.40 pmCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5.47 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6,03 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.5o amJacksonville. Fla., Daily . 6.05 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrails IDe-peirtNo. TO84 Cincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Excepfr-Sunday 5.35 am29 Lexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am40 Cincinnati, O., DailyExcept Sunday 8.20 arc10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily .9.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily , 9.55 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.24 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10.27 am6 Maysville, K., Daily 12.05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.34 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.4o pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.52 pm39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.57 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.10 pm3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ... 6.15 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.25 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.57 pm13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.55 pmNo.3413429710403731233262591383S5393083231IN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3, 1911.Trains ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda . . . 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.30 pm5 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pmTrains DepartNo. TO7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday 9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky DailyExcept Sunday 5.53 pmfll&mafimgXBS&&mCurtis Henry & Co.,Groceries, Drygoods, Fresh and CuredIV! cats, Vegetables, Fruits, Etc.Both Phones 442iWcWant Your Trade on the Merits of Our Goods.Everything We Sell is Guaranteed.Our accommodations are the best in town -Anew Auto Delivery, Polite Attention andAlways a Special Effort to Please : : r :A Few Things Others Haven't Might Interest You:Cream Flour, French Bread, Golden SunCoffee, Sweet-Orr Overalls, American BeautyCorsets, Royal Tailoring and many others toonumerous to mention. Give us a trial.Yours for more business.CURTIS HEKJRY CO.Cor. 1 4th and MainHERE'STHEHOGm TTi mmKwTW ii h " ii mHi1L R sJBWRliBPiBOURBON REMEDY CO.,Lexington, Ky.Enclosed find photo of hog: that was cured ofcholera with your Bourbon Hoe Cholera Remedy. This hog: was almost dead before using:the medicine, and then was entirely cured, except loss of ears, tail, etc. The hog: Is owned byMr. Skiles Ewing", of Bowling: Green, Ky. Howill be glad to give you a testimonial, and wecan tret several more if you want them.r JENKINS-SUBLETT DRUG CO.,Bowling: Green, KyfAsk Your Druggist for Itfor Sale dy W. T. Brooks.Good Practice."Father, I can beat anything in college. "Well, don't worry, son. I'll seeto it that you'll have plenty of rugsto keep you in trim this summer."Insure with W. O. Hinion.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfFOR RENT.A modern five room cottage on Walker avenue. Possession given at once.ADply toSep 3 3t LEE STARKE.TheBourbon Horse GoodsGo,Incorporated.Manufacturers ofHarness, Horse Boots andLeather Novelties ofAll Kinds,All Orders Promptly Executed AndWork Guaranteed.No. 304 Main StreetRepairing of All Kind DoneWhile You Wait.Opp. Court House.DR. DOLLE'SMESSAGE TOYOU CAN BE CURED BYMENINREPUBLICANS'EXTRAVAGANGGovernment Cos! More ThanDoubled Under Roosevelt,DEMOCRATS' GREAT RECORD.DR. 0. L. DtiLLE.Why Tako Tioalment That Is Doing TonNo Good, " lion a 1'ow Dayi under the diref Dr. Dollu Will Show Yoxi How Easy ItIs to Curo These Dlsoimus 1 hen the ProperTreatment Is Administered.Have you treated for months and years, andbeon dicappoiiued until you think that you cannot be curul You, no doubt, all this time havebaen treated by inexperienced doctors who hadneither ulicient knowledge nor experience toknow how to rure yon.These aro the di'aGPS of which I havecured m nianj, justly giving me the reputation for curts of hich I am so proud.Blood Diseases, Skin DiseasesI Will give you treatment that will In a fewdpys euro all r.-!i, spots and every sign andsvmptoin. My trtatmuit pets the poison out ofthe system instead of driving it in like ordinarytreatments I cure bloon diseases and skin disease so they canuot come buckVaricocele,' cr.usicr; aching or pain ingroin cr back, IXcrvctisness, Weakness,'Loss of Vitality, Lack cf AmbitionMy o'le-treatmeut cure is what you shouldhave and what you will have to hae to be curedrignt. Only oue Mit is required. I do no cutting and you eufler no piin ncr trouble. Allsigns disappear in a few dcys. ... ETervous Troubles, Lost VitalityMv combined treatment for thee troubles focommon,amonjr those who ha e become weak andwornout, w ho have caused it by folly, dissipationand excesses, is remarkably pood. No one believeshow quickly it benefits until they have taren it.It overcomes weakness, nervousness, pain inhack, lack of enerery, ambition and strength it'sju-t the treatment I have found so effective mtreating such diseases.Kidney and Bladder Troublesare scientifically cured by me. My methods immediately benefit you, and the majority of casesI cure coaae from physicians and specialists whofailed. -Pifpc Ficfnlfl I can cure you sof IICS, riSLUiae quickly and easilythat you will be surprised. I will give you justthe result and cure you are looking for withouta surgical operation.Arnf nie5icac Itching, Burningnwuic; uiscaaca strong drug storeremedies seldom cure. My treatment stops everysymptom and cures in a few days. It is scientificthat's the only sure way to be cured soit willnot come back.Tou can take my Treatment without acent and pay mo after I cure yeu. I knowthat I can give you new life, new hope, and canrestore you back to health and happiness. Iknow that every man will pay after I have eliminated every trace of disease from his system.Microscopical and analytical urinalysis FREE.I have writeen a book that ought to be in thehands of every suffering man in this country. Iwill send you a copy, free, if you will write me atonce the disease for which you desire treatement,Hours, 9 to 4: Sunday?, 9 to 1 p. m. Evenings,7 to 8. on Monday .Wednesday and Saturday nightsC. L. DOLLE, M. D.Over Columbia Theater 525 Walnut St., betweenFifth and Sixth Streets.Office easy to find, as all that is necessary is toask lor the Colombia Theater, and any one cantell you this. - -- -T -, , . . ,Startling Figures Which Show That theCost of Our National Existence andthe High Cost of Living Must BeReduced.Under a proper downward revisionof the Republican tariff schedules thepeople of the United States would save$2,000,000,000 each year, or over $100per family on manufactured goodsalone.President Taft's vetoes of the wooltariff bill and the steel tariff measurepassed by a Democratic house COSTTHE PEOPLE OF THE UNITEDSTATES ABOUT $Go0,000,000 PERANNUM.The cost of conducting the federalgovernment MORE THAN DOUBLEDbetween the close of President Cleveland's second administration (Democratic) and the beginning of PresidentRoosevelt's second administration (Republican). As the DIRECT RESULT OF niGHREPUBLICAN TARIFF SCHEDULES the people of the United Statespay a tax FROM NINE TO SEVENTY-EIGHTPER CENT on food andordinary household articles used in thehome by every'family, rich and poor.The total cost of running the federalgovernment in 18G0 was $35,000,000.The amount appropriated at a singlesession of the Sixty-first congress forthe fiscal year 1911 $1,027,133,440.44wns more than double the amount$n.";4,4nr,,oro.l3 appropriated for thefiscal years 1897 and 1S9S at both sessions of the Fifty-fourth congress, thelast congress of the second Clevelandadministration.Only eight jears elapsed between thecIosp of the second administration ofPresident Cleveland and the beginningof the second administration of President Roosevelt and yet the amount appropriated during the four years of thelatter $3.S42,203,577.15 was morethan double that appropriated in thefour years Mr. Cleveland was at thehelm viz.v$l.S71.509,837.47.For 1910, the last fiscal year providedfor in congress under President Roosevelt, the highwater mark in appropriations S1,044,401.S.7T. 12 was reached.President Taft's estimate to the lastsessiop of congress for governmentsupport for the fiscal year was $1,040,-; ts.o:(; ."."In other words, governmental expenses for the FOUR YEARS of President Cleveland's administration (Democratic) were only $S30,SG1,551.92 morethan President Taft's (Republican) estimate of the amount necessary to coverthe expenses of ONE YEAR of President Taft's administration.Congressman John J. Fitzgerald ofXew York, a Democrat and chairmanof the committee on appropriations, inaddiessing the house Aug. 20, 1912, onthe subject of appropriations said,"Thoughtful men have watched withalarm the rapid increase in the cost ofgovernment in the United States." Hefurther said that two causes seem responsible for many present evils:"One, the UNFAIR AND UNfUSTSYSTEM OF TAXATION by whichan undue share of income by thosewhose circumstances in life are notconsidered more than reasonably comfortable is taken through our customslaws for the support of our government: the other, the difficulty or inability to readjust our system of -taxationand to remove many taes from thenecessaries of life, so long as the GOVERNMENT IS EXTRAVAGANTLYCONDUCTED, or the instrumentalities provided for the conduct of thepiiblic service are either inefficient orare not utilized so as to render themost effective and comprehensive rebllltS."Mr. Fitzgerald then called attentionto the fact that the Democratic partypledged itself if intrusted with powerto do two things REDUCE TARIFFDUTIES AND "RETRENCH PUBLIC EXPENDITURES by eliminatingwaste in administration and the abolitiou of useless, inexcusable offices.1XXING.TON,inrTpi MGCTCX 8 TO 19I HiWORLD'SGREATESTCONTESTSS$85,80oKflTHEWORLD'S IVBEST JiTRACK !KENTUCKY T. H. B. ASSOCIATION$21,000 THE KENTUCKY FUTURITY$ 3,000 THE WALNUT HALL CUP$ 5,000 THE TRANSYLVANIA - -$3,000 THE CASTLETOX CUP$ 9,500 CHAMPIONSHIP STAIiLIONTUESDAY, OCT. SWEDNESDAY', OCT. 9THURSDAY, OCT. 10- MONDAY, OCT. 14- MONDAY, OCT. 14$ 5,000 THE OCTOBER PRIZE - - .WEDNESDAY, OCT. 1GA BIG STAKE EVERY DAYWeber's Prize Band of AmericaOneFare-RAILROAD RAT ES-One Fare0WRITE FOR PROGRAMNew Fall Suits Arriving: . ' " 'iiiiihw mc-v o: T V - L ?f '. v "5 ? .e o" i. . n$'&'''s. f H.ji.y" fDailyyv? ?& i"' vi'M6 ISCItLOSS BKOS 6 CO I ,yWh'A& sn- IfUcCUUes fillers F v.i : ZT I -.Schfoss Bros.. Sc Co.Baltimore, Aid.,Hand Made SuitsAre Here DirectFrc m The TailorsHands. . .We are showing the new Plum?Carnation, Grey and Browns, theprices very reasonable, 15 to 25.All Wool Fall Suits, newestshades at. . . .10, 12.50 and $15.Our Fall Line of Haws VonGol Hats Douglass Shoes andTiwn Bros., Special Shoes arel arriving daily.!The showing we are makingfor Fall is in every way up to thehighest class, our prices are morereasonable than elsewhere. &TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.LWoIlstcin,Proprictcr.MilL.ilj,.lllTi1.1iiwi fiRuin ir r, .T T r T T r t t - r:tM13 ! nwvfThe Republicans tilk about tariffrevision, and yet wheD a Democratichouse in fulfilling Democratic promisesto the people reduced the tariff, a Republican president vetoed the measure."By their works shall ye know them."Democrats in every state o theOnion should organize and preparefor polling a record breaking vote Nov..r. Be it remembered that no matterhow certain victory seems, overconfidence is always dangerous.Is there any reason why the Democratic party should go out of existencesimply because Mr. Roosevelt has taken up the Progressive measures adopted by the Democrats eighteen yearsago? W; J. Bryan.Mr. Roosevelt stood as a guarantor'for Mr. Taft Mr. Bryan says, "Now.when Roosevelt has failed so utterlyin his judgment of men, I ask can hepass correct judgment on himself?". i-AWhy You Take No Chances'The Studebaker name for sixty yearsrhag been a guarantee of quality. It elimi-1.nates the slightest element of chance inJyour purchase of an automobile.Every part of a Studebaker car ismade in our own plants. We analyze andabsolutely know the materials which gointo our cars. Our guarantee is good.75,000 Studebaker cars are on theroad and every owner will tell you thata Studebaker car always makes good.We know that the Studebaker(Flanders) "20" at $800 is equal in mate-rial and workmanship to any car builtand the price is within your reachVt Ready for immediate delivery) .t-1JmVtrThe $800 Studebaker (Flanders) "20"Price, Standard Equipped, $890 f. o. b.. Detroit.Equipped as above, witk Top, Windshield, Frest-O-LiteTank.and Speedometer, $885. i AAk mmr dernier tor the net Studebaker art catalogue or send to u foraTlW Studebaker CorporationDetroit, Michigan-Bourbon Garage & Supply Co., AgtsTHE BOURBON . NEWS," PARIS,.KENTUCKYf OCTOBER 4, 1912if.4t- -VA1World's Cables Made In America.Pi&ctically all the world's cables aremade in this country, the first havingbeen made in 1857, the total length ofthe wire in the sheathing and corebeing sufficient to reach from theearth to the moon. When the sea isabout three miles deep, and the shipis steaming at its usual rate, payingout a new line, over two and a halfhours will pass before the cablereaches the bed of the sea. By thetime the cable has settled to rest theship is 25 miles away.Truly Good Man.A good man is happy within himself, and independent upon fortune;kind to his friend, temperate to his en(emy, religiously just, indefatigably laborious, and he discharges all duties-with a constancy and congruity of actions.NOTICE.City taxes for the year1912 are now. in my handsfor collection at my office atthe Deposit Bank.C. K. THOMAS,26-tf City Collector.Evil in the Betel Nut.About one-tenth of the human raceare betel nut chewers. The nut stainsthe lips and saliva a bright red, colorsthe teeth black and in the end destroys them.Her Idea of Fig Leaves.The story is told of- a young ladyfrom the east who, seeing a fig treefor the first time, exclaimed: "Why,I always thought fig leaves werelarger than that!" San FranciscoArgonaut. -Public Sale of City Property!Having dissolved partnership, we will, onWednesday, October 16, 1912,at 2 p. m.,on the premises, sell to the highest bidder, our cottage situated on the southside of 19th street, in Paris, Ky. - .The house centains four rooms, hall, pantry, two porches, water inkitchen. Lot 40 ft. front, 45 ft. in rear and 150 ft. deep.The property is in good repair and very desirable, being close to cai lineand railroad yards, and is a comfortable and convenient little home, orwould make a splendid investment for any one, being located in a neighborhood where rental property is in demand.TERMS: Liberal and made known on" day of sale.MONROE MANSFIELD.FRANK RISER.For further information, address Harris & Speakes, Paris, Ky.GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.465 Acres of Well-Improved BourbonCounty LandFor Sale at Auction !Desiring to return to Europe to reside rermanently, I have decided todispose of all my real estate in America, and have therefore placed my farmlying in Bourbon county in the hands of Harris & Speakes to be sold at pubJic outory at the court house door in Paris, Ky., on. Thursday, October 10, 1913,at 2 O'Clock p. m.The farm is situated about six miles east of Paris, on the Iron Workspike and contains 465.81 acres, and is perhaps better known as a part of theFord farm. It will be offered in three tracts, then as a whole, and the bestTract No. 1 Contains 210 acres, more or less, of the best land in Bourbon county, 200 acres being virgin soil, with an abundance of timber, suchas walnut, oak, ash, hickory, etc. It is well watered with ponds and never-1 rhe improvements consists of a handsome two-story brick residencewith all modern conveniences. The first floor has six rooms, 20 ft. square,double hall 12x20 feet, large, well-lighted kitchen, pantry, back hall, bothcomplete and porch around entire rear of house. Four rooms and hall onsecond floor, good dry cellar under entire house, up-to-date furnace andcistern at door. It is handsomely finished, convenient and comfortable. Ithas a stone barn 120x60 feet, with 14 box stalls, concrete floor andtougueand grooved loft. This barn was built at a cost $9,400, and is without doubtthe best in the country. Artisian well at bar a; servents' house ; splendid-meat house; ice house and framefarm barn 72x44 feet, cistern at same.Tract No 2 Contains 150 acres, lying on the east side of the Iron Workspike- all in blue grass for eight years; residence of five rooms; large barn;ice house, meat house, cistern, never-failing springs, good fencing.Tract No. 3 Contains 15 acres, more or less, in cultivation, brokenfrom old blue grass sod two years ago; unimproved; plenty of water; fencing first-class. Good frontage on pike and splendid building site.This farm is without donbt one of the best in the county, being well situated and very fertile. It will produce anything that can be grown in thisclimate. It is in an excellent neighborhood, convenient to churches andschools. Any one in the market for a fine Blue Grass farm should attendPositive sale. Sold subject to survey. Possession March 1, 1913, withusual seeding privileges this Fall.TERMS One-tbird cash, balance in two equal payments, in one andtwo years, deferred notes bearing interest at 6 per cent, from date until paid.W. A. LANE.For further information address Ed. Turner or Harris & Speakes, Paris."RV who will take pleasure in showing the farm to prospective purchasers.y., wuu CQL GEa SPEAKES) Auctioneer.t,Fiscal Court Pays for Road Repairs. That the efforts of Bourbon countytoward the improvement of its n'ublicroads rank among the foremost of thestate is shown by the expenditure of al1 " wii out o a tire onenm in pippsr nf SROOO hv the Fiannlf CaUSe9 P. Ctle D,0.win.K OUt 01 a tire onik flgrictilturl Bank of Paris.Capital,S 100,00.00Surplus$67,500.00N Protection$267,500.00sum in excess of S5.000 by the FiscalCourt of the county yesterday for repairs upon its turnpikes, contracts forwhich were let several months ago,and the appropriation 52,144 for theuse of the road sunervisor in meetingan indebtedness incurred in keepingthe roads.of Bourbon in proper condition, besides another appropriation.Aside from this there" were severalother masters of importance that cameup at the meeting which was presidedover by Judi?e Denis Dundon with thefollowing board ot Magistrates present: L. J. Fretwell, E. P. Thomason,J. J. Redmon, R. H. Burris, 0. B.Lloyd. John N. Shropshire and G. K.Redmon.At the convening of the court the report of the Head Supervisor C. F.Redmon, was read and- approved andordered made of record, and an appronriation of $2,144.14 was made to meetthe overdraft to the supervisor together with an appropriation of S2.000for future work on the turnpikes ofthe county.County Treasurer S. E. Bedford wasordered to borrow the sum of $10,000to be turned into the turnpike fund,and a sumofj.S300 was appropriated topay L. Bower for repairing a bridgeoil the See pike. The Court allowedclaims to the amouni of S5.160.90 forrepairs on the turnipkes of the county,and the number of accounts which werepresented and allowed amounted in theaggregate to a sum tof Sl,2o5.83.The court elected the followingcounty physicians for the year and fixed the salaries as follows:Paris, East J. T. Brown, 250.Paris, West A. H. Keller, S250.Millersburg C. B. Smith, W. V.Huffman, W. G. Dailey and J. JJ. Calhoun, $250, dnided.North Middletown J. A. Gilkey andL. R Henry. $150 divided.Little Rock P. L. McClure and B,F. McClure $100, divided.Clintonville W. 0. Woithington,$100.Hutchison Logan Gregg, $100.Centerville Elmer Sweatman, $100.S Ruddles Mills-G. L. Rankin, $100.County Infirmary French LKnox,S200.The salaries for the county physicians, for the past year amounting inthe aggregate to the sum of $689.90,were ordered paid.Squire L. J. Fretwell was appointeda committee to have the furnaces atthe court house and jail repaired andan order was entered to pay the TroyWagon Works ialsum of $1,522.50 for arecent purchase of tractor trailers.Ed. Speakes was re-elected as keeper of the county infirmary.Three Hurt in Auto Accident.Three persons we're injured, none ofthem seriously, when an automobiledriven. by Reed Ashbrook, of Cynthiana, was wrecked a short distancefrom this city Wednesday nightone of the rear wheels.The injured were Sam Ashbrook, ofLexington", Carl Musser. Cynthiana,and Frank Lally, of Holyoke, Mass.rNoneof the men sustained injuriesother than a few .slight bruises andcuts, and their escape from more 'serious results is regarded as a miracle.The party was returning from Lexington Wednesday night about 9o'clock and were at the bridge on theLexington pike crossing Houston creekwhen the blowout occuned. The car,which wasAbeing driven by Reed Ashbrook, its owner, was running at amoderate rate of speed.When the tire exploded Ashbrooklost control of the machine and itwent over the embankment striking astone fence. The force of the machinestriking the fence threw the occupants out, with the ecxeption of ReedAshbrook. Carl Musser suffered ascalp wound while Sara Ashbrook andLally were fortunate enough to escapewith a few slight bruises on the faceand body.The rear ot the car was completelywrecked and the right wheel was tornoff at the hub. The injured membersof the party were picked up by ajpassing automobile and brought to thiscity where they received attention,and all returned to their homes.Carpets and Rugs.Come to the carpet and rug store ifyou want something nice at reasonableprices. Large stock to select from.No shop worn patterns, all new.J. T. HINTON. 'Nichols Dismissed.The examining trial of Jim Nicholscolored, charged with killing JohnWalker, also colored in a fight atJacksonville several weeks ago washeld Wednesday afternoon beforeJudge Denis Dundon, resulting in thedismissal of the charge against theaccused. Nichols entered a plea ofself defense. The men engaged in apistol duel near Jacksonville at a colored dance, in which Walker was shotand killed. Nichols was wounded several times and it was thought he wouldnot recover.Carpets and Rugs. "Come to the carpet and rug store ifyou want something nice at reasonable prices. Large stock to selectfrom. No shop-worn patterns, all new.x J. T. HINTON.g Foot Ball Today.The first foot ball game of the season will be played here this afternoonbetween the Paris High School teamand the te?m from the CynthianaHigh School. The game will beplayed at the Paris base ball park andwill be called at 4 p. m. The Paristeam for the past three weeks hasbeen undergoing a rigid training under the coach of J. S. Johnson, andis well prepared to meet the Cynthiana team.The lineup for Paris will be as follows: Arnsparger. center; Mitchell,right guard; Lynch, left guard;Keaner, right tackle; Davis, lefttackle; Meglone. right end; Friedman,left end : Lair, quarter ; Link, fullback; Adair, left half; Thompson,right half.Fall Hats.Call in and see our well selectedstock of fall and winter hats. Velourhats, all shades, rough and plain lelts,all the new shades. Correct styles inall stiff hats.24 tf MITCHELL & BLAKEMOREPublic Speaking.Hon. Harry Schoberth, of Woodfordcounty, will address the Democraticvoters of Bourbon county at the courthouse Monday afternoon, October 7, atone o'clock. Every Democrat shouldattend.DEATHS.HARP.Mrs. Belle Harp, a highly esteemed woman, died on Friday evening ather home near Newtown, Scott county .""after a two weeks' illness, aged 73years. She is survived by her husband, Mr. John Henry Harp, to whomshe has been married 52 years, and tenchildren Mrs. A. L. Butler and Mrs.Payne McConnell. of Fayette county,Mrs. Kate McCord, of Paris, Mrs.Charles Thomas, of Woodford county,Mrs. John W. Hall and Mr. HarveyHarp, of Georgetown, and Messrs Henry, Robert.Joe and Will Harp, of Scottcounty. She is also survived by sixteen grand children.The funeral services took place Sunday afternoon at the family residence,conducted by Rev. R. H. Elliott, assisted by Rev. Jos. Severance, ofFrankfort, and the remains were buried in the Georgetown cemetery.John Mitchelltree, aged 11 years,the only child of Mr. and Mrs. William Mitchelltree, died at the home ofhis parents, at Ruddles Mills at 3o'clock Thursday afternoon of diphtheria, after an illness of about a week.The funeral will take place at thegrave in the Mt. Pleasant cemetery,"Nicholas county, the funeral cortegeleaving the family residence thismorning at 10 o'clock.-'-Miss Mae Kenney, aged 18 years,died at her home in Cincinnati Mondaynight after a short illness. Miss Kennedy was the daughter of Mr. and Mrs.James Kennedy, who resided in thiscity, moving to Cincinnati about twenty years ago, where they have sincemade their home. The funeral washeld in Cincinnati yesterday.Baby Caps.A" very choice line of Hand Embroidered, Knitted, Silk and Fur Caps.Special Display todav, October 4th."MISS JESSIE BROWN.MASON COUNTY "Farm for SaleOn the 23d day of November at 2o'clock we will offer for sale to thehighest bidder the Old Lloyd Farm of256 acres on the Salem turnpike, 'oneand one-half miles southeast of Germantown in Mason county. This farmhas been in continuous possession ofthe Lloyd family since 1832. It hashad careful management, has alwaysbeen'a famous tobacco farm, and isnow in ajhigh state of cultivation.This farm can be divided to advantage and will be offered for sale in parcels and as a whole. There is a goodtwo-story dwelling, a tenant house,all. necessary outbuildings, barn roombfor 25,000 pounds of tobacco, a neveriauing ana wen aiscriDuiea supply otstock water, and fencing in good condition. The place is one and one-half milesfrom churches and schools on a goodturnpike that leads to the stable door.This'farm pays a good per cent "farmedon the tenant system and is desirableeither asan investment or as a home.For further information apply to DanH. Lloyd, Germantown.vKy.EVAN LLOYD'S HEIRS.Petitions Filed.Mrs. Francis Beauchamp, representing the Prohibition party, Wednesdayfiled in the office of Secretary of StateC. F. Crecelius petitions for placingthe prohibition electors on the "officialballots. The list is: State at large,T. B. Demaree and Adam W. Carnenter, First district. Harry. Edwarda.Symsonia, Second district, Louis Hancock, Providence. Third district, W.E. Damon. Bowling Green, Fourth district. H. R. Howe, Shepherdsville,r ifth district, Dr. J. B. Shroud, Louisville. Sixth district, A. E. Pitsenberger, Seventh district, W. G. Patrick,Kimbrell. Ninth district, W. S. Feeback, Carlisle, Tenth district, J. D,Reed, Paintsville, Eleventh district.John G. Ofirden. The Democratic, Republican, Progressive, Socialist, SocialLabor and Prohibition parties nowhave places on the ballot.Low Colonist Rates.Low one-way second class rcolonistfares to California, British Columbia,Arizona, Alberta, Montana, Oragon,Washingaton, Nevada, New Mexico,Ulh and Texas. Tickets on saleSept. 5th to October 10th, inclusive.For further information, call on or address -W. H. HARRIS, Agent.J. K. SMITH, T. A.Fire Losses at Carlisle.Losses in the fire in the businesssection of Carilsle are reported as follows: R. C. King, four businesshouses, loss $8,000, with $1,500 insurance ; John Herrington one businesshouse and one residence, loss $3,500,with $2,250 insurance; Charles Menson dwelling and dry goods store, loss54,000, insurance $2,000; LawrenceBros., grocery and residence, loss2,000, insurance, $900; NicholasHome Teleohone Company, loss S500 ;Carlisle Electric Light and PowerCompany, loss $100; Jesse B. Hamm,livery stable, loss $1,500. insurance$100 on feed, etc. L. T. Potts, JohnM. Brown and Hiram R. Ewing, residences damaged $600.This is the third fire in Carlisle infiifteen months with an aggregate loseof at leaBt $200,000.I For Your New Fall ISuit Come to Wolf,Wile & Co..Big Variety, Exclusive Styles,Best yalues$26 $30 $35You have been considering the purchase of a newsuit for Fall and you naturally want the very utmoststyle, quality and value for the amount you intend tospend. That's why we say come here. No store in Lexiugton offers you so much for your money.First of all, you ,are not limited in your selection here.Our stock is the very largest we have ever shown andaffords broad choice in the nattiest, handsomest and mostdistinctive models from some of the best style creators inthe country and at a wide range of prices to meet the re--quirementsof every purse.' There are certain individualtouches of style and workmanship about Wolf, Wile & Co.suits that make them appeal to the discriminating dresserwho loves the exclusive. And we may mention, too, thatall linings are guaranteed, that all fabrics are shrunk andsponged before being made up and every coat is finishedwith arm shields. Careful investigation has proven thatour prices cannot be matched anywhere in this sectionfor equal styles and qualities. Comparison will tell.Extra 'Large Womenwill find in this line odd sizes that assure a perfect fit withlittle or no alteration.L. W fi U 0.Formerly Kaufman, Straus &. Co.jCexengtoTij jffentucktiLife Insurance Tree of Cost!Policy No. 884 on the Ten Payment Life Plan was issued bythe Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company to Mr. HoustonH. Poppleton, of Cleveland, O., on March 19, 1861, at aged 25.This policy was for $1,000, witht an annual premium of 41.95.The results to date are as follows:10 Annual Premiums Paid $419.50Total Dividends Re-Paid -. 489.22Dividends Exceeded Premiums by .$ 62.72Mr. Poppleton is still living, but his premium payments stopped in 1871. He has the satisfaction of knowing that he usedgood judgment when he insured in the Northwestern.The Northwestern has issued many policies pon which dividends exceed the total premiums paid.The dividends paid by The Northwestern in 1911 amounted to$12,610,321.25.McClure & Ciendenin,Insurance and Real Estate.E. Tenn. Phone 235; Home Phone 72 Paris, KentuckyJOHN HAUGKCELEBRATEDDRAUGHT BEERALWAYS ON TAP,.; All Brands of Bottled in Bond Goods.Private Stock Whiskies, 8-year-old, 1 10Proof, $1 .OO per Quart.Bennie Weissbcrgper FARM LOANS !cent. $iom to $ito,ooW. KING & SON,135 Cheapslde. Lexlnton, Ky.fire, wind and lightning Insurance. Thomas & Woodford.FOR SALE.Oliver typewriter ; used very littleand good as new. Will offer this machine a a bargain if taken at once.Call over either phone No. 64.Insure with W. O. HintonJPrompt payings nan - unioncompanies. tf9;o itV- -, - - -W J . J ,' '",'-- .-: u. :a&;VSMfTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKV, OCfrQBpR 4, ,19,12H;. -, -THE; BOURBON NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGElected a Director.Prof. . M. Costello, principal ofPuns Academy, was elected a memberof the board of directors of the Deposit Bank of Pans at a recent meetjug cf the Board.Insure your Tobacco withTHOMAS & WOODFO D.Arriving Daily.New Fall Footwear arriving dailv at10 tf FELD'S SHOE Si ORE.Suits at Special Prices.$20 suits for $12.50 at the Simon Department Store.Arbor Day October 25.Superintendent of Public InstrutionHttmett has announced that GovernorMcCrpary has concluded to fix October25 as Arbor Day in this State. Aproclamation will be issued later.Rye and Timotny.i have choice Northern and homegv i seed rye, also timothy seed, for2 itR. B. HUTCHCRAFT.Hot Chile.Genuine Mexican chile concarne freshevery day. The real articK4 2t J. E. CRAVEN.Suits at Special Prices.$20 suits for $12.50 at the Simon Department Store.Hamilton Guards to Meet.The'Hamilton Guards, the children'sorganization of the U. D. C, will meetat" the chapter rooms in the courthouse Saturday afternoon at 2 o'clock.A full attendance is desired as theelection of officers and other importantmatters are to be considered. .Fresh Weinerwurst.Fre3h weinerwurst and fine horseradish. Let us have your order. Wecan especially recommend both.4 2t JOHN SAUER.Now On Display.Our new line of fall hats await yourinspection. Ail styles, hopes and prices. Come in today and pick voursout.24 tf MITCHELL & BLAKEMOKE.C. W. B. M. Meeting Today.The regular monthly meeting of theC. W. B. M. will be hold this afternoon at 2:45 o'clock in the parlors ofthe Christian church A full attendance of the membership is requestedas business of importance will be considered.Oatequal and Alcorn.We have just received a fresh car ofOatequal and Alcorn. Finest feed forhorses and cows. Try some.24 4t YERKES & PR1CHARD.Suits at Special Prices.$20 suits tor $12.50 at the Simon Department Store.Fancy Grapes and Apples.We have good eating apples andgrapes.C. P. COOK & CO.Delegates Appointed.Mrs. W. G. Talbott, president ofRichard Hawes Chapter U. D. C, hasappointed the following members torepresent the local chapter at theState Convention to be -held in Louisville October 10 and 11. Mrs. AmosTurney, Mrs. Russell Mann, Mrs. William Hukill and Miss. Carroll Leer.For the Little Girls.I am going to offer the best FiveDollar Doll in the world. Now on display. MISS JESSIE BROWN.Oysters.We aro rceivin rcsh oysters evrTaay,C. P. COOK & CO.Buys Residence Here.McClure & Clendenin, real estatedealers, sold Tuesday afternoon, toMr. Wiiliam Bryan, the residence ofMr. W A. Wallen, at the corner ofFitfeenth and Cypress street. Priceprivate. Mr. Bryan is the newlyelected bookkeeper of the People'sBank of Faris, and will rr.ove to hisnew home in a short time.Fall Display.Of Art Embroidery and Fancy Novelties, today, Friday. October 4th.MISS JESSIE BROWN.,Fresh Oysters.Phone'your order to us for fresh oysters, we' receive them daily.4 2t JOHN SAUER.PERSONAL MENTION., Mrs. E. M: 'Dickson ia the gustofrelatives in Danville. IMr. Wni. Doty is quite ill at hishome in East PariB.Mrs. W. R. Hukill has returnedfrom a visit to Louisville.Mrs. B. F. Adcock, of Winchester,was a visitor in .faris Tuesday.Mr. R. B. Hutchcraft was a guestof relatives in Cynthiana Tuesday.Mrs. Sallie Bashford has returnedfrom a visit to friends in Woodfordcounty.Mrs. Nellie Weeks, of this city', isvisiting Mrs. Lula Hall Dunn in Columbus, O. 'Mrs. John'Richards, of Knoxville,Tenn., is the guest of Miss' MabelRobbins.Mrs. W. E. Board spent severaldays in Lexington this week the guestof relatives.Schwartz is visitingH. J. Schwartz, atis spendingForman atthenercity, isW. W.Enforcing OrdinancesThe police department has Jteenkept busy the past iew days ik 'instructing persons in the "requirementsof the new traffic ordinance passed attne last meeting of the City Council.The police have orders to rigidly enforce the ordinance regarding thetraffic, but no arrests have been madeand none will likely occur funtii thetraveling public becomes accustomedto the requirements of thefnew law.The main street, j upon which mostof the violations occur.l presents amuch better appearance and with theproper enforcement all congestitn ofthe .principal thorougfare should berelieved.Miss Nellieher nephew. Dr.Columbus, O.Miss Bettie Wise, of Carlisle, isthe guest this week of Mrs. H. B.Burnaugh in this city.Mrs. Frank M. Clay will entertainat auction bridge at her home in EastParis this afternoon.Mrs. John Davisweek with Mrs. Danhome in Lexington.Mrs. Elliott Ford, of thisthe guest of her aunt, Mrs.iivans, in Lexington.Mrs. C. C. Leer and daughter,Miss Carroll Leer, were visitors inLexington Wednesday.The German Club is arranging togive an autumn dance sometime during the present month.Mrs. Amos Slicer returned yesterday to Chicago after a visit of severalweeks to relatives in this city.Dr. J. A. Gilkey and family ofNorth Middletown, will move1 to Parisnext week to reside permanently.Mr. Jas. H .Thompson was a visitor in Louisville this week where hepurchased three car loads of cattle.Mr. and Mrs. D. 'G. Taylor and Mr.and Mrs. L. D. Redmon have been theguests of Mrs. Anna Tracy in Winchester. Mrs. J. O. Marshall entertaineddelightfully yesterday with an auction bridge party at her home on Second street.Miss Lucille Sprake left Mondayfor Louisville where she will fctake athree years' course in training at theNorton Infirmary.Miss Elizabeth Crutcher entertained her bridge club o.i Wednesday.A very elaborate luncheon was servedafter several interesting games.Mrs. Withers Davis and littledaughter, Anne Jouett, left yesterdayfor Louisville to visit Mrs. Davis' parents, Mr. and Mrs. E. S. Jouett.Miss Mary Louise Clendenin, theattractive little daughter of Mr. andMrs. Roy.Clendenin, is ill with typhoidfever at their home on Cypress street.Mr. Frank Collins, of North Middletown, son of Mrs. Thomas HelmClay, of this city, is at a Lexingtonhospital suffering with an attack olappendicitis.Miss Helen Daugerty," of this city,was a Kuest at the wedding; of MissMargaret Butler Webster to Mr. Benjamin Warfield Bennett in LouisvilleTuesday evening., Mrs. Lucy Sprake will leave in afew days for a visit to her daughter,Miss Russell Sprake, who is in chargeof the tuberculosis santarium atBooneville, Ark.Mr. Jonas Myall, of Mayslick,George W. Hurst and little FrancesScott Dollins, of near Flemingsburg,were guests at Mr. William Myall'sWednesday night, enroute to Georgetown. M Bruce Miller, Mr. Wm. Ardery, Mr. Frank Remington and Mr.and Mrs. Swift Champ are attendingthe Second Annual Cost Coneress ofOhio Printers, which is in session at JCincinnati.Miss Clara Bacon left Wednesdayafternoon for Lawrenceburg to attendthe meeting of the State Librarv Association which convenes today for atwo days session. Miss Bacon will represent Miss Celeste Lucas, librarian ofthe Paris Public Librarv, who is atSaranactiiN . Y., for the benefit of herhealth. ,The twelve memberr composingthe ait clup of tnia cit. met yetteidaymorning with Mrs. F. P. Lowry at herhome on Stoner avenue for reorganization. The club will study Frenchpainting during the coming vear andwill meet fortnightly. The first regular meeting will be'held next Wednesday morning at the home of Mrs.Lowry.A few members of the Parliamentary Club met on Wednesday afternoonand discussed the future of this club,it was decided that a reorganizationmeeting should be held on next Wednesday, October 9, at 3:45 o'clock. Atthifl meeting the club will be reorganized and it'is urged thatall membersbe present at that time. vThe meetingwill be held in the Elks Building.The Progressive Cutlure Club metWednesday afternoon at their clubrooms with a large attendance. In theabsence of the president.. Mrs. AmosTurney, the vice-president, Mrs. J.W. Davis, presided.An excellent program was enjoyed,the papers being '"FrancUcd Pizarro,"by Miss Clara Bacon, "The Story ofPizarro- and Axahuallpa," by Mrs.Robert Meteer. "Lima." by Mrs. Harry Stamler. and "The Founders' ofSouth American Independence," byMrs. Everett Peterson. During thebusiness meeting that: 'followed theprogram, it wan decided that the clubshould entertain with four teas duringthe year.Schoberth to Speak Here Mondaykon. Harry Schoberth, of Woodfordcounty, a v representative in the lastLegislature, and who was a candidatefor Speaker of the House, will speakat the court house in this city on Monday, October 7, at one o'clock. Thiswill bethe opening of the campaignin Bourbon county and all Democratsare urged to attend.Mr. Schoberth is one of the mostpromising attorneys in the State oftlentucky andis widely known as anorator. . Beinga staunch Democrat heis well qualified in every respect to expound the cause of Democracy and heshould be greeted with a large audience next Monday.Hon. C. M. Thomas, of this city,who as State Senator from this district served in the last Legislaturewith Mr. 'tSchoberth and who, beingwell acquainted with his abilities, willintroduce him on the occasion of hissounding the keynote of the openingof the campaign in this county.Wf -r3s;.t ,J rr-j,VRELIGIOUS.There will be no services at St.Peter'Ns Episcppal church next Sundayas the Rev. Mr.Harris goes to Jpreachthe sermon at trie institution of theRev. Jas.M.Maxon into the rectorship of St. John's church, Versailles.St. Peter's Sunday school, however,will meet at the usual;hour, 9:30 a. m.Rev. E. M. Lightfoot will preachat the Baptist church at both themurnfng and evening services Sunday.The subject oLthe morning discoursewill be "The Story of a Great Song,"and at night "A Good Fight." The Baraca Class and Sunday School meet? at9 :30 a. m.4!'MH5UL'KSi5si.-.''WftaiBiM'Two Draw Heavy Fines.Yesterday afternoon Robert Potts,charged with drawing a deadly weaponupon John Potts, was fined $50 andcosts. Both mem are colored. MarionGuffy,'"a negro, who was arrested on acharge of carrying concealed weaponswas assessed a fine of $25 and given asentence of twenty days in jail. Bothcases were tried before Squire L. J.Fretwell.Insure your tobacco withMcClure & Clendenin. E.T. Phone 235. Home Phone72.Vaccnum Cleaner For Rent.Electric Vacuum Cleaner for rent atSI per day. An excellent machinewhich will do everything claimedj.forit Ca 1 or telephoneMRS. LEER STOUT,4 3t Seventh street.Notice To Stockholders.?7A call is hereby issued for the remaining ninety per cent of the stocksubscribed to the People's Bank payable to the undersigned on or beforeSaturday. October 12, 1912. Allstockholders are requested to complvpromptly.4 3t SILAS BEDFORD, Cashier. :WANTED.Furnished roomss either with orwithout board located not far fromcourt house. State how located,price and full particulars in first letter. Address A. J., care of Newsoffice.WANTED.Young lady for office work. Mustbe able to operate typewriter. Shorthand not required. Salary $6 a week.Call Monday afternoon at News office.THE FAIR!For Friday Only,Heavy Galvanized Coal Buckets 23c.Nickel Plated Stove Pokers 5c.10c Fire Shovels, each 5c. 'Window Glass, size 8x10, 3c.Salt Boxes, hole for hanging,10c.Gas Chimneys, 10c.Gas Mantels, a good one, 7c.Table Oil Cloth, best quality,a yard 19c.Brooms, heavy 4-tie, each 24c,worth 30c.Building Paper, 25 yards in afoil, 98c.wmaow bnaaes, ail linen, yc.THE FAIR.Special Prices on Rugs.We offer the following special priceson rugs this week:Special 9x12 Axminister rugs, onlySpecial 9 by 12 Brussell rugs, only$12.75. vThese are certainly bargains,spt 17-tf A. U. WHEELER & CO.1 9yJkUUiNever have youheard in any musicalinstrument a tone sowonderfully sweet,clear and mellow.Hearing is believing.Come in any time noobligation-Daugherty Bros.3 3 t$New Fall Goods,Having just" returned from atour of the Eastern Markets weare in a position to show youthe very newest in Silks, DressGoods, Dress Trimmings, Laces,Lace Curtains, Neckwear andNovelties of every description. fCome and help us make this aBanner Year. Your PatronageAppreciated.W. ED. TUCKER.t-'FALLIarcuAuiro.JUJiiiiSl imy m '. tTM JH iTiMtBti iEfflB kSome Good Things to Eat.Saratoga Chips,, Always Fresh and Crisp. 'Old New Yorlr Cream Cheese.Made From iFull . Cream and Thoroughly Aged.Imported Swiss CKeese.We Pride Ourselves on its Quality.Franco-r Americam, Campbells,and VanCamp's Soups; Chase &Sanborn's Famous Boston Coffee.We are the exclusive selling agents for this celebratedline of Pine Teas and Coffees.FEE'SThe Home of Good Things to EatxVife44&6u4je sid.& 2 j&Zfi rt 32 ..r' JFi-Qira'v&&$&&,xT?-'-Cstt" fc r.s:r".'jFSX&'4&$xl I f'Ar ' VV" VJOT'i'i'iVsJJr3iRiJJlnX.'yriSchool Shoes.Go to Feld's and get your. schoolshoes for boys misses andchildreri.Satisfaction guraaoteed. tfWeCordiallyInviteYou tovOpenAn AccountWithBourbon BankTrust Co.Paris, -' - Kentucky-Capital $100,000.00Surplus Profits 50,000.00We will appreciate your business and favor you in every waypossibe.Try a Savings Account3 per cent Interest.Compounded " )Vomi-Anni!imriWiaHMiaik '.,&"Vt,f T-'0 ft..'j9ea r flmy;-jDo voxt AememleA when yon ixerc wsih meo kep 6elee hoAe eakeA ehaiAA and haco-ucl? Well, l L6Ka -wondeA hour well hey havewo An, and feaJby, John hlcklna oveA hem a S, hehaA clone, g'cI advj.se yoxiiniy leaheA chalAi whej7c7he.y are also he :iuoa comfoAalrle andsome lookina.on'Ainte triend,ffAom my eiLpeALence oria Y0"" 7ic new oneA.?'.and-- .J i 1A ?- i. n. . Sr v. o.-uti)T I . yL: vMjace o ae hemMo til h A3i..s o Jd' whenryoxiJL&' Ira-hem,I V I -AemnemJbeA heI,H bU fecul itijTJ. T l-IINTOIN.ifciB r'i : " L.a. .tv-. --m. r m. m..ms iiAfmr:ifNi&r .j,.,- , i i:? 'xvTHE BbURBONNEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCfOBERri9t2-1IsB.PUBLIC SALE. OFStock, Crop, FarmingImplements, Etc.Havjng rented my farm I will, at teno'clockja'.m., on t .WEDNESDAY, OCT. 30, 1 91 2offer at Dubhc sale on the premises,on the Cynthiana pike, about three andone-half miles from Paris, the following stock, croD and implements:About 200 young breeding ewes,bred October 1 ;2 milch cows ; -3 spayed yearling heifersand .twoeteer calves ;1 nice chestnut filly, 3 years old, byForest Uenmark 153 ;1 nice bay filly, 3 yeais old, by German coach stallion ;1 bay colt, 2 years old, by My Star ;1 bay filly 3 years old, by Sir Dixon ;1 thoroughbred driving mare ;About 60 acres of corn in shocks.If purchaser desires, will furnishwithout charge about 70 acres of grassto feed on until March 1. 1913 ;1 manure spreader' 1 seed drill;1 2 horse power with circular sawandimmping attachment;1 McCormick binder j 1 cultivator; 1mower;1 dumpcart; 1 hay.baler; 1 cuttingbox;1 potato digger ; 1 potato planter.TERMS All amounts of 20 or less,cash; above this amount, 6 monthscredit,with. negotiable note, bearing6 per cent interest uer annum. .E. F. CLAY.Geo. D. Speakes Auctioneer.27 4 11 18 22 25 29.It Looks Like a Crimeto separate a boy from Bucklen's Arnica Salve.His pimples, boils, scratches, knocks, sprains and bruises demandit, and its quick relief for burns,scalds or cuts is his right. Keep ithandy for boys, also girls. Heals everything healable and does it quick.Unequaled for piles. Only 25 cents atObedorfer's.Wise and Simple Rule.If we are ever in doubt what to do,It is a good rule to ask ourselves,what we shall wish on the morrowthat we had done. John Lubbock.Worth of Education.Quintilian recommends all parentsproperly to educate their children,advising them to train their offspringcarefully in learning good mannersand virtuous exercises, since we commonly retain those qualities In agewhich we cultivated and possessedin our youth.Deafness Cannot be Cured.NOTICE.I have just secured a new barberfrom Chicago and am prepared to givethe public first class service. Give mea call. Shop is equipped with electricfans to keep you cool. Three firstclass barbers. My bath tubs are always.ready. aug2tf BUCK FREEMAN.by local application, as they cannotreach the diseased portion iof the ear.There is only one wav to cure deaf-'jness. and that is by constitutionalremedies. Deafness is caused by aninflamed condition of the mucous lining of the Eustachian Tube. Whenthis tube is inflamed you have a rumbling sound or imperfect hearing, andwhen it is entirely closed, deafness isthe result, and unless the inflammationcan be taken out and this tube restored to its normal condition. hearing willbe destroyed forever. Nine oaes outof ten are caused by Catarrh, which isnothing but an inflamed condition .ofthe mucous surfaces.We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any cast ot deafness, caused bv catarrh, that cannot be cured by Hall'sCatarrh Care. Send for circulars free:F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by druggists 75 cents.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.Kentucky Traction. & Terminal Co,Winter Schedule Interurban DivisionsIn Effect Oct. 1, 1912Iieave Lexington for Versailles and Frankfort.a m 6 10-am 1 00am 7 40a m 9 10a'm 10 40p m 12 10pm 1 40lieave Frankfort for Versailles, Lexingtonand Paris.ipmpmpmpmpmpmpm3 104 004 405 30 Versailles only.6 107 409 10p m 11 00Leave LexingtonFor Paris.aaaaaam 6 00a m 0 40am 7 30a m 9 00a m 10 30 Ia m 12 00pm 1 30pm 3 00 'pm 4 00 Elmandorf only,pm 4 30pm 5 15 Duncan only,pm 6 00pm 7 30pm 9 30p m 10 50 Lexington only.Leave Paris for Lexington,Versailles and Frankfort."m J6 00m 7 20m8 00m 8 50m 10 20m 11 50 :m 1 20m 2 50m 3 30m 4 20m 5 00m 5 20 Elmendorf only.m 5 50m 7 20m 9 10m 11 00GV89ama ma mama mam 11'pm 12pmpmpmpmpmp mpmpm4530 Lexington only.1500 Lexington only.451545154530 Versailles only.1500 Lexington only.45. '1505Leave Lexington ForGeorgetown .a m 6 35 !am 7 50am 9 05a m 10 20a m 11 35lP r6 12 50pm 2 05pm 3 20p m 4 35p m J5 10pm 5 50pro. 7 05 v ,pm 11 00 - .Leave Georgetown torLexington and N icli-asville.am 6 00am 7 15am 8 30am 9 45a m 11 00p tn 12 151pmpmpmpm30450015'yiLeave Lexington forNickolasville.am 6 40-r- a m 7 15am 9 10'; . a m 10 25- & m 11 40pm 12 55pm 2 10pm 3 25pm 4 40pm 5 55.? pm 7 10pm 9 10p m 11 00p m 5 50 Lexington only.pm 6 30pm 8 30pm 10 20Leave Nicliolasville forLexington andGeorgetown.am 6 00a m 7 15am, 8 30am 9 45a m 11 00pm 12 15pm 1 30kiJpmpmp mpm.pm2 454 005 156 308 35pm 10 25ave Versailles for Lex-ingtom and Paris. -Leave Versailles forFrankfort.xDayowis the time to rid yourself ofyour old stove or range.is the opportnhity of a lifetime to 'get any kind of a '"Buck's" stove orrange upon payment of1 0 Cents a DayJHere.;vtjWe have made a special arrangement with the makers of "Buck's" stoves and ranges,sd that we are in a position to PROVE the truth ofthe above statement to every family in this communitytjNo matter what kind of a stoveor range you have, you can trade it in for a new onewith us, and we will deliver you any style or kind of a'"Buck's" stove or range you may want upon payment of1 0 Cents a DayA. F. WHEELER & CO.,Main Street, opp. Court Houseir3JVUdr,Ladies and GentlemenYour Fall ShoesAre Here."IIThey are new, seasonable and reasonable. The assortment is made upof the best styles of the world's bestShoe makers. The scope is so broadand the size ranges so complete youwill find your size in any make youdesire.We have also a full line of Misses',Children's and Boys' School Shoes inGun Metal, Patents and Tans.ICGEO. McWILLIAMSPhones 301 The Shoe ManIAccident Policies.Murphy "Thin 'tis a liberal policythe smooth-jawed young man sold ye?"Casey "Yis. Shure, there are someviry attractive indlmnlties if I git hurtplayin' golf, polo, or drivin' me own'aeroplane." Puck.IV!V ?- iV;ri.vam 6 55am 1 45am 8 25am 9 55a m 41 25pja '12 55pm 2 25pm 3 55pm 4 40pm 5 25p m 5 82 Starts from Duncan,pm 6 55p m 8 25pm 9 55pm 11 45i Daily Except Sunday.ffcVNP.V--- aMWL-"Vfian 6 85a m 1 15am 8 05am 9 35am 11 05j4 pm 12 355"pm 2 05- pa 8 85,.:pm 4 40 Elmendorf only.j'pm 5 05.. pm ' 6 15 Lexington only.tipm 6 35ppn 8 05- pm 10 05 f'-jJ pm 11 25When Peeling Onlont.It is often a difficult matter to re-jmove the unpleasant odor from thehands after having peeled onions. Ifsalt is rubbed over the hands andthey are washed in cold water, theodor ;will disappear.Divided Old Island.Windmill island occupied a position! In the Delaware river between Phila( delphia and Camden. A channel thatwas cut through the island for thepassage of ferryboats divided it. Onehalf was afterward known as Smith'sisland, the property having beenacquired by a family oMhat name. Itwas on Smithes island that the resortknown as Ridgway Park was located.Both islands were removed by thegovernment for the purpose of deepening'the channel In 1894.s1Puts End to Bad Habit. -Tbings'never look bright to one witnthe blues. Ten to one the trouble is asluggish liver, filling the syBtem withbillious poison, that Dr. King's NewLifge Pills would expel. ' Try them.Let the joy of better feeilngs end theblues. Best for stomach, liver nnrfkidneys. 25 cents at Oberdorfer's. -Simple Swimming Apparatus.A' swimming apparatus by means ofwhich a person without any previousknowledge may pass through the water with perfect safety at the rate ofsixteen miles aij hour has been constructed by a French inventor. Theapparatus consists of a plank aboutix feet long, with floats at each end.It can be folded and easily transported.. , , v ,. w t jW JfeIN MAMMOUTH CAVE.The Dry Fall Outing to Kentucky Great SubteraneanWonder, or 200 Miles Under Ground Wed. Oct. 1 6.Arranged for private and selectparties and their visitors. River low,echo grand, cave dry. The time tosee Mammoth Gave when at its best.Round trip railroad fare 5.65 fromParis and all way stations on regulartrain 7:38 a. m. Board at Cave Hotel,from arrival for supper until afterDreakfasfc morning third day, also including the two trips through thecave for $6.50. Limit on tickets 10days.Write or phone L. & N. Agent.For Sale Privately.Good building lot on west side ofSouth High street, fronting on High50 feet and extending' back 149 feet.This lot is a most desirable locationand one of the best building lots inthis section of the city. For furtherinformation. terms,retc, applv toFRANK BURTON,24-3-tpd 188 Seventh street.jRnnie LangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.augl6tfEast Tenn. Phoe 66SExecutor's Notice !All persons having claims againstthe estate of the late I. F. Ghanslorare requested to present same provenaccording to law to the undersignedexecutor for payment, and all .-thoseknowing themselves indebted to theestate ot the'deceased are requested tocall or mail a remittance to the undersigned. J. C. JEFFERSON,Extr. I. F. Chanslor,20 3t Millers burg, Ky,NOTICE.NOTICE!There will be a meeting of thestockholders of the Bourbon CountyAgricultural Society held in thecourt house at Paris, Ky.. Saturda3r,September 28, 1912, at 10 o'cldck.This meeting is for the election ofofficers for the ensuing year. Allmembers are requested to be present.24-2t J. M. HALL, Pres.Saml Kef slake& Son,Paris, - Kentucky.Horse Shoeing,Machine Shop.Automobile Repairinga Specialty.All persons having claims againstthe estate of G. R. Harris, deceased,,are hereby notified to present sameDroDerlv proven according to law tome at North Middletown, Ky., on orbefore'October 15, 1912.MRS. NETTIE MAY HARRIS,13 6t Adimnistrator.Hot and ColdBATHSHot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits You are next.M. A. KAHAL.NOTICE !. All persons holding claims againstJulia Frank, deceased, aieherebynotified to present'the same, provenas required by the law to the undersigned. All persons indebted to the saidJulia Irrank, deceased, are requestedto call and settle same with undersigned. tCARRIE FRANK,I HELEN FRANK,2-3wks Executrtxs.iiyMTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARlSi KENTUCKY, OCTOBER ,4d912..'xtngtonMilitaryBand8end Orchestra, .112 West Main St.LEXINGTON, KY.hlusiG For All OccasionsTELEPHONES:185 and 638;Only such music willbe supplied as will bea pleasure to our patrons and a credit tothe organization.AfteranySicknessnothing so rapidly restores healthand vigor as SCOTTS EMULSION,It is the essence of natural bodynourishment, so medically perfectthat nature immediately appropriates and distributes it to everyorgan, every tissue feeding,nourishing and restoring them tonormal activity.SCOTT'S EMULSION is not apatent medicine, but i,s nature'sbody-nourishment with curative,upbuilding properties and withouta drop of drug or alcohol. It contains superior cod liver oil, theI hypophosphites of lime and sodai with glycerine, and' is so delicatelyINew emulsified that it enters the systemOld, without digestive effort builds,tones and sustains.After croup, whooping cough,measles and other child ailments it, is nature's ally in restoring health.After grippe or pneumonia itimparts strength and health, and ftor colds, coughs, sore, tight chestsand throat troubles SCOTT'SEMULSION gives the greatest reliefknown.Scott & Botcte. Eloomfield. N.JMEAN SWEEPFOR WILSONDemocratic Gains In Vermont. and Maine Impressive,OTHER PARTIES IN PLIGHT.Third Termer to Poll Their EntireStrength From the Rapidly. ThinningRepublican Ranks Indications AreThat faft Will Carry but Two States,Roosevelt None.J1-ZOPOPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKYSUNDAY, Oct. 675c.iRoundTrip75c.RoundTripS:c ihe Famous High Bridge -BAND CONCERT, High Bridge Park, (Popular Airs.)7 iciicis sold ai GEORGETOWN 2d only on Special Train leaving at 10.50 am.For Full Information Call On Any Ticket Agent, Or AddressH. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent,101 E. -Main St. Phone 4$ LEXINGTON, KY.Department StoreCor. 7th and Main.TWlWnwaiSrEkSPECIALPries This WeekExtra FineROYAL CORSETI SizesAlLengths98cCall in andExamine Them,jlQH'PUSZABizPARIS,KENTUCKY-When a New PerfectionComes in at the DoorHeat and Dirt Fly Outat the Window.What would it mean to you to haveheat ancTdirt banished from your kitchenthis summer to be free from the blazingrange, free from ashes and soot?.New I?eicticmfc n i j - m ? a wrtn i iOil Cook-stoveWith the New Perfection Oven, the New PerfectionStore is the most complete coolang device on the market.It u just as quick and handy, too, for washing and ironing.STANDARD OIL COMPANY(Incorporated in Kentucky) MCovington, Ky Loufcvffle, Ky.; Atlanta, Ga-; Birmingham, Ala.; and Jacksonville, Fla.This Stovesaves Time 1It saves LaborIt saves Fuel 'It saves YOUMade with 1 , 2 and 3 bumers( with lonaf enameled, tur-quolse-bluechunnev. Handsomely finished throughout.The 2- and 3 -burner stovescan be had with or without acabinet top, whichis fitted withdrop shelves, towel racks, etcAll dealers carry the NewPerfection Stove. Free CoolcBook with every stove. CookBook also given to anyonesending 5 cents to cover mailins cost.HThat the results of the state electionsin Vermont and Maine mean a tremendous Democratic victory in Novemberis freely admitted by all except the bitterest partisans. Political experts havedone much analyzing, and some claimto have reached novel conclusions. Butthese facts stand out:On Monday, Sept 9, 1912, the Republican and third term parties combinedelected William T. Haines governor ofMaine over Frederick "W. Plaisted, thepresent Democratic incumbent, by3,023 plurality: iJ. 1908, a presidentialyear, a Republican was elected governor by 7,653 plurality; in 1904 the plurality -was 25,800, and in 1900 it was34,132. In other words, in twelveyears the Democrats have cut downthe Republican plurality in state elections by 31,109.In this period the Democratic votehas increased from 39,000 to 68,000,whereas the Republican vote has decreased from 74,000 to 71,000. TheDemocratic vote of this year exceedsthat of September, 1908, by 1,000, butthe Republican vote is about 2,000 lessthan that party cast four years ago.The split in the Republican ranks,i following the election of William T.Haines, is pronounced. If the division in Maine in November is as itwas in the recent Vermont electionsix-tenths of the Republican vote willgo for Taft, three-tenths for Roosevelt and one-tenth for the Democrats. It is significant that the latterparty has to date suffered no losses,as compared with the vote in previousyears, from the third term movement On the contrary, it has gained.The result In Maine may be expectedto be something like this: Wilson, 74,000; Taft 42,600; Roosevelt, 21,300.The returns from the recent Vermontelection show; in round figures thatthe joint Republican and third partyvote was 8 per cent short of the Republican vote four years ago, whilethe Democratic vote in that stateshows a gain of 25 per cent over thatof 1908. It is of special interest tospeculate what will happen next November throughout the nation if theRepublican and Democratic vote forthe national tickets happens to be affected as the gubernatorial vote thismonth in Vermont has been affected.The New York Post has done some interesting figuring along this line, andas a net result it is shown that underthe contingencies mentioned PresidentTaft would carry only two states inNovember, Rhode Island and Vermontall the others going for Governor Wilson. The conclusions reached by thePost follow:To compute this result we shouldhave to deduct 8 per cent from thevote cast for Taft four years ago andapportion the remaining vote in theratio of 62 to 38 between Taft andRoosevelt and we should have to add35 per cent to Bryan's vote in 1908and give the "demnition total" toWoodrow Wilson in other words, giveTaft 57 per cent and Roosevelt 35 percent of Taft's vote four years agoand give Wilson 125 per cent of Bryan'svote four years ago.The result in round numbers wouldbe as follows, so far as regards Taftand Wilson:Taft.Alabama 14,000Arkansas '. 32,000California 122.000Colorado : 71,000Connecticut 65,000Delaware 14,000Florida 6.000Georgia 24,000Idaho 30.000Illinois ?. 300,000Indiana 199,000Iowa 157,000Kansas ...' 113,000Kentucky 135,000Louisiana 61,000Maine 33,000Maryland 66,000Massachusetts 152,000Michigan .......192,000Minnesota 112,000Mississippi 3,000Missouri 199,000Montana 18,000Nebraska 73,000Nevada 6,000New Hampshire 30,000New Jersey 151,000New York 497,000North Carolina C6.000North Dakota 33,000Ohio 327,000Oklahoma '.. 63,000Oregon 36,000Pennsylvania 426,000Rhode Island 35,000South Carolina 2,000South Dakota 39,000Tennessee 68,000Texas 37,000Utah 35,000Vermont 23,000Virginia 30.000Washington 61,000West Virginia 79,000Wisconsin 142.000Wyoming 12,000Convention in , Louisville.The National Convention of the Disciples of Christ will be held in Louisville October 15 to 22 ' lany important issues are to come up. At oresent there are really three conventions.The first two or three days are givento the women for a missionary rallyand discussion. Then follow as manyda.ys for foreign missions. And last ofall come'bome missions Organizationshave charge during the respectivedays Interlarded between these conventions are others of smaller momentThis year one important conventionwill come in. It is the Council onChristian Union. .For some years a committee on unification has been at work, and will report at Louisville in favor, so it is understood, of one convention, somewhaton the lines of the Baptists, who untilrecently had conventions in successionbut now have one It is stated thatthe report of the committee will provoke spirited discussion. At the Christian Union Council Bishop Vincent, ofCincinnati, representing the Enisconalchurch, and the Rev. Dr. A. E. Corey,president ot Nankin, China, University, representing Disciples, will bespeakers. Bishop Vincent was a member of the American Episcopal Committee that recently'visited England inthe interest of Anglican unity.The Rev. Dr. Peter Ainslee, of Baltimore, chairmanoOf the Disciples Unitv Commission, and recently presidentof the DisciDles National Convetion, isto be the Yale lecturer this comingwinter on the subject of Christian Unity, , presenting there the Disciples'message on the subject of unity. Disciples' missionary work wili it is saidpresent a favorable report at Louisvilleespecially that work done by thewomen.rif. -v -- 'StubbornWhen you have a bad cold you wantthe bes medicine obtainable so as tocure it with as little delay as possible.Here is a druggists' opinion : "I havesold Chamberlain's Cough Remedy forfifteen years," says Enos Lollar, ofSaratoga, Ind., "and consider it thebest on the market." For sale by alldealers.Not a Good Fool Warmer.A guest at a hotel in Pomona, Cal.,put an electric light bulb in his bedto keep his feet warm. The bulb wassmashed while he slept and he awoketo find the bedclothes in flames. Heburned himself badly in extinguishingthe fire. ,V1 If you have young children youhave perhaps noticed that disorders ofthe stomach are their most commonailment. To correct this you will findChamberlain's Stomach" and LiverTablets excellent. They are easy andpleasant to take, and mild and gentleinh effect. For sale by all dealers.Philosopher on Marriage.According to Herbert Spencer, lovebetween man and woman arises fromeach serving as the representative ofthe other's ideal. This ideality mustbe preserved if love is to remain, andto insure its preservation there shouldbe not less, but gr.eater, regard for appearances between husband and wifethan between any other people. Equality of rights should also be recognized.A man cannot regard as his type ofthe ideal one whom he tries to command, and whom he has lowered bydenying an equality of privilege withhimself.I was under vthe treatment of two doctors- writesMrs. R. L Phillips, of Indian ' Valley, Va., ''and they pronounced my case a very stubborn one, of womanly weakness. I was not able to sit up, when I commenced totake Cardui.I used it about one week, before I saw much change.Now, the severe pain,hat had been in my side for years,has gone, and I don't suffer at all. I am feeling better thanin a long time, and cannot speak too highly of Cardm."TAKEURDU Ithif you are one of those ailing women who suffer from anyof the troubles so common to women.Cardui is a builder of womanly strength. Composedof purely vegetable ingredients, it acts quickly on thewomanly system, building up womanly strength, toning upthe womanly nerves, and regulating the womanly system.Cardui has been in successful use for more than 50 years.Thousands of ladies have written to tell of the benefit theyreceived from it Try it for your troubles. Begin today.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept. Chattanooga Medicine Co.. Chattanooga. Tenn..ior opecmi instmcuons, ana M-page oook; nome ireaunent lor women, sent free. J 52Billeted Himself on Society."I haven't done any work, and Idon't intend ever to do any more.They have had the best of my days inprison, and they will have to keep mefor the rest of my life," said a burglarat the London sessions.She Knew.He It is wonderful what meanthings you girls can say to each other.She Well, you'd say mean things, tooif you were a girl and knew all theother girls were saying mean thingsabout you.Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.w(USS2? e00$$?MMJiWest 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in ioing tip the finest shirt--waistsor anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Lanndrfcfamous fo fine work and itdever goes heck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is. thekind we want as we like toappreciatee.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.lr55tIzINlwtimE&MjM&&&&&ffl-z33S&zAzstWilson.93,000109,000160,000159,00085,00028.00039,00090,00045,000503,000423,000226,000201,000;305,00079.00044,000145,000194,000219,000135,00075,000448,00033,000164,00014,00042,00020S.O00834,000171,00041,000528,000153,00048,000561,00031,00078.00050.000170,000271,00053,00014.000103,00073,000139,000208,00018,000A western third termer regrets thatRoosevelt will not have time beforeelection day to say half he means.He'll have plenty of time following it.There is plenty of peace about theTaft candidacy, but. nobody claims "itpasseth understanding."I: :Is ,:h ;1 tFLANDERSOC&&&:omolilesIdzDo ModeCsHYou Want the Best-Not the CheapestFlanders "20" Roadster, $750'Don't be alarmed if somebody tells you you can buy an automobilefor less money than the $750 Studebaker-Flanders "20." You can, butyou better not. The Flanders "20" corresponds point by point with thebest and highest priced cars sold. Cheaper cars at every vital point arebuilt on ideas long ago discarded for good cars. Dbn't take our word forit. Make comparisons and see.The Studebaker-Flanders "20" is a marvel a high grade modern carat a low price. If you pay less you buy much less. And thecheaper cartoday will cost you far mere in the long run. The competing car isn'tsold which the Studebaker Corporation, the greatest automobile manufacturers in the world, couldn't reproduce for less money; but we won'tbuild a cheap car, because the name "Studebaker" means the best foryour money.If you are content with a car that runs today and dies tomorrow,'don't buy the $750 Flanders "20." It will wear for years. Rememberthis the Studebaker-Flanders "20" will outwear 2 to 1 any other carunder $1100 and 'give you double satisfaction, confidence and comfortinto the bargain.Wc can p:-cvcJtScn.d for rtczv catalogue&i-ViIfedebaker CorporationDetroit- Mich.gourbon .Garage & Supply Campifly.1 i;1$ gjM&&g&t, iirfmnAmT.THE BOURBOftNEWS,, PAWS;. KElOTCKV, QCTQJBER '4;4?J?w ,sr rIGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 399.1 l ."Zb Gome of Cornet Tootwear'DAN COHEN!4TM. .Great FallFootwearSpecialsThisWeek!A grand assortment of smart, nobby foot,wear, including the latest approved hits of' this season, that will be appreciated by themost correct dressers.Better Values Never GreetedThe People of Paris.We have convinced hundreds of people of-" the advisability of trading at our storesrLet Us Prove ItTo You! 'Come to us for your Footwear needs foryourself and family and be pleased. Wev ' make a specialty of Boys' and Girls' Schoolx Shoes Shoes that will stand hard wear andkeep the foot dry arid comfortable.We Are Now Ready With4a Full Lineof Men's Walk-Over Shoes, including all thelatest styles in all leathers the best moneycan buy.1BTMDAN COHEN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky.i; edi! )) 1 AI l Ai Mlr.f ?4-T..NT'.ImiIMILLE1SBURG ITEMS.Mr. J.JGSmedley continues -abouttbe same.Mrs. Fannie Norton ' is visiting hersister, Mrs. Rhoda Conway, at Paris.Mr. J. E. Calwdell, of Helena, isthe guest of his sister. Mrs. J. C.Leer.MrsD. M. Hurst left yesterday fora two weeks' sojorun at Dry RidgeSprings.Mrs. Mary Johnson, of Carlisle, wasthe guest of Mrs. C. M.Johnson yesterday. Mrs. R. M. Johnson and Miss EthelJohnson ara'the guests today &f Mrs.William Myall in Paris.Services Sunday morning and evening at the Presbyterian and Methodist churches by their pastors.Mrs. Ashby Leer entertained a num-Lber of her ladv friends Thursday fromtwo to five with an elaborate reception.Mr. Clarence Miller, of Cynthiana,was the guest of his mother and sister,Mrs. Ada Miliar and daughter, MissKatherine, Sunday.Mrs. W. A. Munzing, of Maysville,was the guest of her mother, Mrs.Martha Vimont and family, from Monday until Thursdiay.Dr. W. G. Dailey, who has been confined to his home for "several weeks,is able to be about the yard and willbe at his office Saturday.Miss Annetta Hurst has entered asa private pupil at M. M. I., taking instructions in dramatic art and expression under Mrs. C. M. Best.Miss Pearl Williams has accepted aposition astenographer and collectorfor JohnMerringer at Paris and-en-teredon her duties Tuesday.Mr. and Mrs. S. R. Allen returnedfrom Owingsville Monday where theyhave been since the funeral of Mrs.Hughes, mother of Mrs. Allen.Mrs. Lucinda Hurst, of Kansas, whohas been the guest of her son. Mr. D.M. Hurst for several weeks, left yesterday for a visit to relatives in Lewiscounty.Mr. and Mrs. Neal Fitch, of NewYorkiCity. and Mr. and Mrs. M. B.Lovell of Paris, were guests of Mr.and Mrs.E. T. Sheeler Saturday andSunday.Mrs. Maude Throckmorton, of Chicago, 111., who has been the guest ofher aunt, Mrs. Martha Vimont, leftMonday for a visit to relatives atCynthiana.Mrs. Eliazbeth Clarke and daughter,Mrs. W. G. Leer, wereZat the bedsideof son and brother, Mr. J. SmithClarke, of Winchester, from Mondayuntil Wednesday.Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Cray moved Tuesday to rooms in the home of Miss Bettie F. Vimont from k Bryan flat. Mr.and Mrs. J. H. Stewart moved thesame day to their home rceently purchased from the"estate ot the late Mr.E. P. Clarke from the property of Dr.W. M. Miller on Eighth and Main.The football season will open hereSaturday when the Millerbsurg Miltary Institute eleven will meet theEastern Kentucky State Normal teamon the local gridiron. The seasonpromises to be one of interest here owing to the tact that the cadets havethe heaviest team they have had in.several years.Wednesday morning the testimonialmeeting which" had been suggestedby Dr. McKenzie, proved very interesting and in this it was shown that alarger per cent of the school childrenof the county were in attendance thisvear than ever before. "The Use ofthe Dictionary." "Primary and Intermediate Geography" and "Hiatorj"were among the topics discussed.Amity Lodge No. 40 F. and A. M.,met in regular communication Tuesday night and the lodge room was wellfilled. As there was no spceia business on hand the Master had arranged for a debate, which provedboth interesting and instructive andwas enjoyed by all present. The subject was 'Is Freemasonry Advancingor Receding?" The affirmative wasrepresented by Messrs. J.B . Cray andW. V. Shaw. The negative by W. A.Butler and R. M. Caldwell. There willbefsomething doing in the "lodge rqomof an interesting character through theremainder of the year.The cityjeouncil met in regular session Wednesday eyening. All members were'present ecxept CouncilmanPeed. A few small accounts were allowed- The council ratified the workof the light comitttee in their arrangements for the third wire and orderedthat the wire be pruchased and put upat once. Fay Bros, were granted apermit to move a two story frame residence lrom the lot of theX. & N. railroad on Miller street to heir lot onSecond and Trigg avenue. Mrs. SueSandusky was grantad a permit toerect a two story buisness house ofbrick and. iron with a metal roof onFifth street on the site of the propertyrceently burned. Julius Holllday, colored, a permit to erect a three roomcottage on Fourth street west of Triggavenue. The council also purchased tenloads of rock from Mr. A. J. Thaxton,the sama to be hauled at once.Mrs. Ashby Leer entertained informally yesterday afternoon in honor ofher aunt, Mrs. J. T. Prather; who hasreturned after a year in California.The event was one of the most delightful of the season. The beautiful Leerhome was pretty in its decorations,the color scheme of pink and green being carried out in every detail. Thehouse was darkened and softly illuminated with wax. tapers in candelabra.The guests were met at the door bylittle Misses JoseDhine 'Leer, the attractive little daughter of the hostess,and Mary Bush Hall, who escortedthem to the front hall where theywere received by Mrs. John ClarkLeer, Jr. In the parlors" were Mesdames Ashby Lee. T J. Prather,LJohn Clark Leer. Sr., Frances Cookand Miss Eugenia WaddaJl. In thedrawing room chocolate and eggkisses were served by Mrs.JChas. Leawho was assisted by Mrs. C. C. ChansIor and Mrs. O. P. Carter, the latterof Paris. Assisting in the entertain-.raent otthe guests were Mesdames T.Teachers' Institute in Session.The Bnurbon Countv Teachers Institute, which convened in this cityMonday for a five days' session, willconclude today. The sessions are being held in the county court vroom inthe court house. Dr. A. S. McKenzie,of State University, is ably conductingthe institute which is attended by allof the county teachers.Dr. McKenzie's openjng address wason the subject. "Pupils That AreSlow." The first subject of the afternoon session was the discussion of"Primary Reading.'Domestic Science was the next subject introduced and was made very interesting by Miss Evans, who hascharge-ot that department in the Little Rock graded school and Miss JennieHoward. Prof. McKenzie also spokealong the same line, recommending thelittle work on "Home Economics,"prepared by Mrs. Charles P. Weaver,of Louisville, organizer of the SchoolImprovement League.At the session Tuesday Prof. Roberts of the Little Rock school, led inthe discussion of agriculture in thepublic school. Miss Bivins, teacher ofthe Redmon school, rendered a pianosolo, and Prof. Irvine read some of hioriginal poetical traductions. Prof.Roberts also discussed the subject ofmanual training, which has been successfully introduced into course at Little Rock. At the afternoon session,Dr. McKenzie read ShaEespeare'sdrama, "The Winter's Tale," withoriginal deductions and applications.Dr. A. H. Keller, president of theParis Board of Health, addressed theteachers.The sessions of the institute yesterday were the most interesting and instructive of the weeK, severaPnotablesbeing in attendance. Miss Linda Neville, of Lexington, executive secretaryuf the Kentucky Society for the Prevention of Blindness, Prot. Scott, ofRiachmond and Prof. Phillip Grinstead, of Cincinnati, were the principal speakers of the day. Mrs. JamesMcClure, president of the BourbonCounty School Improvement League,gave a short address on the progressof the local league and pointed out inmany instances the result of its efforts.The institute will conclude its session today, following one of the mostsuccessful meetings in, the history ofits organization and of great benefit tothe full number of teachers present.Newest Styles.The very latest things in fall andwinter :hats now on display at ourstore. All the new shades Stonegrey, Chine mixed grey, tobaccobrown, goldenrbrown, redwood mixed,olive, ebony, etc.24 tf MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.Killing in Jackson.Sam Baugh, aged 30, son of J. W.Baugh, of Quicksand, a small 'townfour miles north of Jackson, was shotand mortally woundedby Kelly Robinson, of Jackson, on the streets ofJackson, Wednesday night at 10 :30o'clock. He was taken to the GoodSamaritan Hospital in Lexington earlyThursday morning, where he died at1 :35 o'clock in the afternoon.Attempt to Kill Frankfort'sMayor.Mayor James H. Polsgrove was shotin the leg shoitly after one o'clockyesterday afternoon in Frankfort, byPatrick Haley , The wound is not adangerous one. Haley fired severalshots, two of them passing throughPolagrove's hat, barely missing hishead.Haley's wife had sued for divorcesome months ago and Mayor Polsgroveis her attorney." Polsgrove hapuenedto have a black-jack in his pocket thatone of the policemen had given him afew days ago. He jerked this out ofhis pocket and started at Haley whilethe latter was firing his pistol.Result of Education.Maude was home from Girton."Will you," she said to her mother,"pass me my diminutive argenteoustruncated coneT convex on its summit,and semi-perforated with symmetricalindentations?" She was asking forher thimble.Mrs. Johns Gets Verdict.In the Shelby Circuit Court at Shalbyville, Wednesday, Mrs. Lizzie M.Johns, of Lexington, plaintiff in an action for damages against the Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad Company,was awarded a verdict in the sum of$5,000.Thomas Johns, husband of Mrs.Johns, lost his life in an2head-on collision January 16, 1912, between aChesapeake and Ohio train and a Louisville and Nashville train near LongRun, in Shelby county.The plaintiff was represented by Col.Robert B. Franklini of Frankfort, andRobt. C. Talbott, of Paris.Ireland Retires from Turf.3. T. 'Ireland, formerly of Pans, leftLouisville Wednesday for EI Paso.Texas, and his going to that citymeans his retirement from the turf aswell as, the retirement also of anotherwell-knownJKentucky horseman. G. H.Keene. The latter will meet Irelandin El Paso and will, with the formeropen an office there, these two Kentuckians having formed a companv,known as the Keene-Ireland-Pars Landand Cattle Company and the firm holds11,000 acres of land on the Rio GrancjeRiver, partlv in the United States andalso in Mexico, and 15,000 acres nearJVioapa, Arizona. Ihe company alsoholds the Government grazing' rightson 450,000 acres of land in Arizona andis now building a dam on this reservation to cost $180,000.Ireland has been prominent as aKentucky turfman for many years.With his brother, Frank, as a partner,in the old days he raced such notedcracks as Yale 91, Aldebaran and Donatello and scores of winners of minorturf events. The firm won tne Latonia Derby with Newton in 1892.P. Wa-ddell and R. G. McClintock. Theguests were served with ices andcakes in the dining room by Mesdame3T. I).Jud.v, U. S. G. Pepper and MissEmma Griffith.STOCK, CIOP AND FAKM NOTES.J. E. Boardman, of near Little!Rock, shipped two cars of export cattle to Philadeplhia that averaged 1,400pounds.Suckling mules are selling almostdaily everwyhere at prices rangingfrom $70 to $110 per head, with someextra ones4at $125.Edsell Clarke, of near North Middletown, 'delivered this week to J. E.Boardman, of Little Rock, a drove offancv export cattle, for which he receied $7.50 per hundred pounds. .A new diease is reported to beprevalent among the cattle of Hardincountv. It affects the feet and mouth"of the cattle. Several people havecontracted the disease from exposureto the cattle.The Blue Grass has produced thebest corn in a'decade, as it has all other crops, except that of wheat. TheBlue Grass seed crop was enormous,oats was fine and heavy, hay wasabove the average, potatoes were sobig the soil was lifted to make roomfor the growing tubers, orchard products were the best in years, while abig crop of poultry, including turkeys,are in sight.Because" scarcity of .fat cattle compelled St. Joseph, Mo., to abandon itsannua stock show this year, a recordprice of cattle, $11, was established atChicago last week. The car load ofcattle for which this price was paid,was fed with the intention of capturing the sweepstakes prize at the St.Joseph stock show, and when thatevent was declared off, the cattle werebrought to Chicago for sale.Beef cattle, veal, calves, hugs,sheep, Iambs, milch cows and horsesbrought substantially higher prices tothe producers on September 15, last,than a year before, though hogs andsheep brought less than two years ago.This showing, indicative of the relation of agriculture to the high-cost ofliving, as made in a report of the Department of Agriculture on the average prices of agricultural products.Fruit brought a slightly decreasedprice, and vegetables' average pricesfluctuated.The meeting called by he tobaccogrowers of Owen county fr.r Uctober 1,in Lexington to consider the proposition of cutting out the tobacco cropnext year, did not materialize. EditorM. H Bourne, of the Owenton NewsHerald, who has been promoting themovement, accompanied by one ortwo growers from Owen county, werein Xexington but the growers fromotfer sections apparently did not respond, and the meeting, like that called by Bath county growers severalweeks ago, did not result in any action. A 1,000 acre orchard on MuldraughHill in Hardin county, the best fruitgrwoing section in Kentucky, is assuming the form of aV reality. StateCommissioner of Agriculture J. W.Newman, of Frankfort, is behind themovement and will consider the subject as soon as he can draft articles ofa fruit-growing association. The orchard will be under the supervision ofthe State Agricultural Department.The farmers of the Muldraugh Hillsection will pledge the land in tractsranging from one acre to 100 or more,while the Argicultural Departmentwill lurnish free ot cost the trees andan expert horticulturist to plant, trmand spray the orchard until it becomesproductive.Immense Line of Wall Paper.Call at my store and pick from thelarge new stock of wall paper justwhat you need and have it put onyour walla. Experienced decoratorsare ready to do your bidding.J.T .HINTON.AH the Qualifications.Among a large number of amusingletters received by David Belasco wasthe following: "Veneered Sir Wishing to go on the stage, would like tojoin your forces. Have been a bricklayer for five years, but having failedin this branch, have decided to takeup acting, the same being easier work.I am not young, but six feet in mystocking feet. Have studied elocutiionand am fond of late hoursy Everybody's Magazine.tf 'SUCase of Ingratitude.When Lord B died a person metan old an wl&jivas one of hismpstintimate "frieifds,HeJ.was pale, confused, awe-stricken. v$Bvery one wastrying to console him, but in vain."His loss," he exclaimed, "does not affect me so mucja as his horrible ingratitude. Would you believe it? Hedied without leaving me anything inhis. will I, who have dihed with himat his own house three times a weekfor 30 Years ! ,y Lif e.Sad Sequel to Wedding.A landau in which a newly-marriedcouple, the chief bridesmaid, and the"best man" were driving from churchwas knocked over by an electric tramcar in Lille, near Paris, the othermorning. "The coachman had his legsbroken, the bride, a girl of twenty-one,broke her right arm and was badlyhurt in the head, her husband escapedwithout a scratch, and the bridesmaidand "best man" received internal injuries. Think Human Tears of Value.In Persia the .past and present arelinked by the belief that human tearsare a remedy for certain diseases. Atevery funeral, each mourner is givena sponge with which to mop off theeyes and cheeks. After the burial thewet sponges are given to a priest, whosqueezes the tears into bottles, whichhe keeps for curative purposes. Thisis one of the most ancient of easterncustoms. See Fifty-sixth Psalm, verseeight, where David says: "Put thoumy tears into thy bottle." This custoi is still followed in Persia. FromBomb,aughs "Facts and Fancies.". .--.-- - .DomMtfc Animals Prottcttd.The mayor of a little commune in"the Pyrenees has just issued the following decree: "Whereas the youngpeople of the commune are wont tomeet and dance every Sunday aftermass and the noise they make frightens the cocks, hens and other animals of the village and whereas theresult ia prejudicial to agriculture, wehereby prohibit dancing within thebounds of the commune during thehours In which the domestic animalstake their repose."Children Taught Cobbling.Cobbling is recognized as a trade Inthe vocational schools of Buffalo. Several schools are set aside for teaching trades to young boys and glrl3,and the latest addition to the courseis one in cobbling. A competent Instructor has been engaged to teachthe young men how to repair shoes.There are a number taking up thecourse, and it is certain that the tradewill not become extinct with the younggeneration studying the principles ofrejuvenating old shoes.iDepend Wholly on Coffee.Coffee is the great staple producedby the civilized Inhabitants of Liberia, and most of the planters aretotally dependent on it. When themarket price of coffee is so low thatthe yield will not pay the cost oflabor and marketing and leave a margin sufficient for the needs of theplanter, the plantations are neglectedand, as 'there is no other crop to fallback on, a period of economic depression ensues.New Street Car Schedule.SCHEDULE OF THE PARIS CITYCAR IK EFFECT OCT. 1, 1912.Leave , LeaveCourt House Station No 556:45 a.m. 7:00 a.m.7:15 a. m. " 7:30 a. m.7:45 a. m. 8:00 a. m.8:15 a. m. 8:30 a. m.8:45 a.m. 9:00 a.m.9:15 a. m. 9:30 a. m.9:45 a. m. 10.00 a. m.10:15 a.m. 10:30 a.m.10:45 a.m. 11:00 a.m.11:15 a. m. 11:30 a. m.11:45 a. m. 11:55 a. ni.12:05 p. m. 12:20 p. m.1:15 p. m. 1:30 p. m.1:45 p. m. 2:00 p.m.2:15 p.m. J 2:30 p.m.2:45 p. m. , 3:00 p.m.3:15 p.m. 3:30 p.m.3:45 p.m. " 4:00 p.m.4:15 p. m. 4:30 p. m.4:45 p. m. 5:00 p.m.5:15 p. m. 5:30 p. m.6:00 p. m. 6 :15 p. m.Reduced RatesVIALow One-WaySecond-ClassColonist Fares toCalifornia,British Columbia,Arizona, Alberta,Montana, Oregon,Washington,Nevada,New Mexico,Utah and Texas.Tickets on Sale Sept. 25to Oct. 10, Inclusive.For further information, call on orwrite" W. H. HARRIS, Agent.or J. K. SMITH, T. A.ilRoxie" Davistbe Insurance HgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137Faris Dairy.WH. PUIS, Proprietor.Jersey Milk, Creamand ButterPromptly DeliveredNignt and Morning.East Tennessee Phone 08'Home Phone 9S x ' ,ffyi- ' " '.