''p:.Ti- v.-.&.JTHE" "fffc -CX,,;,a"-2VJlw. .-'I, JK-, . ,..im .-a,v;w i. 3kl -i. w- -&,, - aP :: ar- k -aL-i . v: jt --' 'A .VPUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1912pujMnA ' II EastTenn. Phone 288 Home Phone 130 IV5-BOURBON11HVYO.l,liiiili.lrTHERE IS NO HiLIKE THE PRESENT.wwillHIwv5mOwrc (tfa;fr Gwrfs inSterling SilverWeight, Fineness, Durability,Finish.Our display of Sterling Silver is the largest,finest, and more complete than everjshownin Paris. Goods of Quality only pleasingto the eye:ornamental to the home practical for service.Prices the Vert jCowestWe Cordially Invite Your Inspection of Our Displayof Sterling Wares, Novelties and NewFall Styles in Jewelry.The House of Qualityi dilute a runiArN.Be ProgressiveBy Paying Cash For Groceries.After Reading These Prices, ConsultYour Last Bills and See Where YouCan Save One-Third of Your PastLiving Expenses. ' : : : : : :17-lbs. Eastern Granulated Sugar $1.008 Bars Lenox Soap 25c6 Bars Octagon Soap 25c6 Bars Clean-Easy Soap 25cOld Reliable Coffee, per lb 30cSilver Seal Coffee, per lb 30cGood bulk Coffee, Santo's, per Ib . . . .. .- 25eFancy DrfedTeach esrertlB.11"1.?? ffTTtf. . . .12 l-12cChoice Dried Peaches, per lb 10cBulk Mince Meat, per lb 10cPackage Mince Meat, per lb 8 l-3cNavy Beans, per -lb , 6cKidney Beans, per lb 8cMixed Beans, per lb 5cCracked Homney , per lb 3cWe Guarantee Weight and Quality.r"HBLUE RIBBON FLOUR25-lb Sack SOc50-lbSack $1.55100-lbSack $3.10T. C. LENIHAN,Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234"WE KNOW HOW"If You Want That HandsomeFive - Passenger StudebakerTouring Car, You Must PutForth Your Most Active EffortsDuring the Next Few Days.That the Big Bonus Vote OfferIs In Force It's Your LastChance to Take Advantage ofThis Magnificent Vote Offer,For the Vote Schedule WillTake a Big Drop After ThisOffer Expires, and Continue soUntil the Close of the Contest.vTWO SPECIAL PRIZESWill Be Given to the Two Contestants Who Turn In the MostMoney on Subacriptions During This Big Offer Work Nowas You Have Never WorkedBefore, For the Next FewDays' Efforts Mean a Lot toYou.EL Both Phones 234 $THPmm18Get What You Pay For-Getting what youpay for, in style, fit,quality and satisfactiontha's -a job that's notalways easy when youstart out to buy Boy'sClothes.Get Your Next Boy'sSuit Here Learn whatit means to patronize astore that sells satisfaction. You'll discover that,there's no store that considers i t s customer'sprofit first, that gives allyou pay for.Boy's Suits, Ages7 to 1?$5 to $10As bas been demonstrated many,many times, the person who is goingto accomplish something in the futurenever accomplishes anything. Todayis the day of all days to do things.Never put off until tomorrow, or nextweek, or the week after, that whichcan be done today, as tomorrow maynever come. Also remember that delays are dangerous, as it is always theunexpected that haDpens at the mostinopportune moments. So cet busyduring this big vote offer and gatherin all subscriptions possible; for assure as the sun rises the vote schedulewill take a big drop after this offerexpires, and continue so until the closeof the campaign.Don't give heed to the croakers anddrones who are too lazy to work themselves, and who would be craz to useyou a winner.They will endeavor to Fap vour enthusiaem by malignant hints as to thealleged unfairness of a contest. Thrywill conjure up imaginary competitorswith millions of viitfs in reserve, ortell you some example of a contestin bygone days in which they workedlike .slaves and got nothing. Ofcourse these persons never did anything of the kind. Possibly one ortwo may have embarked in some competition in a'halfheartedway and became fatigued after the first week.They are of the species that wereborn tired and will remain so everafter. These very same peuple condemn a contest and say it is unfair,when they really know nothingabout it. They do not even stop toinvestigate, but keep on knocking.They are of the species who gOBsipabout their neighbors when theirbacks are turned, but tell them nicethings when they meet them face toface. 'J hev are haditual knockers whoknock their city and their state justto have something to talk about.The management of the BourbonNews cordially invites the contestantsand their friends to call at the officeand see the ByBtem under which thecampaign is run. It is a system thatcan't be beaten and one that can'tbeat you. There is no possible waythat anyone can tell how many votesany contestant has in reserve unless(Continued on Pago 8)r'tCLOTHESYou're GladTo WearClothes that look good when you buy themand look equally good after youVe worn them.Clothes that are smart in style, out ftomworthy fabrics1 That's What WeOffer YoutLarge assortment of Overcoats and RaincoatsFor Your Inspection.Stetson, Korrect Shape and Dr. Reed's..Cushion Sole Shoes.-AFtIMitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to Men Paris, KentuckymM)wwmmmmwwMW&&w&wwMwtmummuiunrimiiaim niriniiuuiiniHiiiiiiinirniriiiiiuinrnnTiniiitiiiiiiiiiiiuniiiiiuMuiiiuiiuuiiiiiniuine A! FRANK & CO SI The Store Where Reliability Reigns.Special SaleofinwjfPffwilYTRAGOOFmWkftPR16E& 60. GlowersIIImmand Furnishers.immmsmHiErecting New Office Building.The Templin Lumber Co.. which atthe last meeting of the city councilwas granted a permit to erect an officebuilding; on South Main street, has- begun tearing away the old structure adjoining the property of Mr. O. Edwards and in a few days will begin theconstruction of a concrete building.MATRIMONIAL.EARLYWINE-RITGHIE.Mr Wm. Hargis Earlywine andMiss Viola Jean Ritchie, both of Nicholas county, procured a marriage license in this citv yesterday and wereunited in marriage by Hev. J. S.Simms in the parlors of the WindsorHotel.FITZPATRICK-WILLOUGHBY.Mr. Dillard Fitzp atrick and MissStella Willoughby, both of Bourbon. Jwere married by Squire L, .f. Fretwell ,in his private office in the court house.GLASS-MANNThe marriage of Miss Inez B,Glass, of Lexington, to Mr. Edward iK. Mann, of Lexineton, formerly ofthis city, wss quietly c lebratedat theLoujsvilla Hotel, in Lovim' jlje Tuesdaynight. The ceremonr y .5 rjcrtoTtieiby Rev. E. G. B. Mann, an uncle ofthe groom.Mr. Mann, who is 1 s-n of Mr.Fletcher Mann. fonur of this city,and a brother of Mr. Fiord Mann andMrs. Frank Bryan, of ins. is an employe of the Lexiiuio' Whr )es?in Dry1 Goods Company. vhiJe la bude is oneiof the most popular yuuog women 1 fLexington. . f . ,: ,.& ite -s k" s$f l r 'J"Suits and CloaksEvery Ladies' and MissesSuit and CloakIn Our Entire StockMARKED DOWNExtra Special40 New and Up-to-Date Ladies' Suits, sizes 16 to 40, thatformerly sold at $25 Special Sale Price $1 6.75tmttJjmimimgmClosing out all Shoes$1.00 to $1.98 a pair.Millinery at Less Than Cost of Materials.frank & Q0 2mm ?;aimiiiiiimuMMtiiiiiiiimHiHHi 2$ 3:inMtr.oinuMrn!mmmmmmmmmm44.j?r V4tg C...WjTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOVEMBER 22, 1912XIL' MM. A Aaias&CapitalS100.00.00HKIlMKMHTHE BOURBON NEWSPABIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP, -PublisherEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classm m m m m a mi w aa a aa a m h m am am miYour Fall ShoesArc Here.They are new, seasonable and reasonable The assortment is made upof the best styles of the world's bestShoe makers The scope is so broadand the size ranges so complete youwill find your size in any make youdesire.We have also a full line of Misses',Children's and Boys' School Shoes inGun Metal, Patents and Tans.IPhones 301GEO. McWILLIAMS,The Shoe ManIJBourbon LaundryD.WIS & FUtfK, Props.W Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in 'oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes bBck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.1 fi?8SaK!fiitesBB5KKSm 1 -5 'iwxfjLStMf fill i P IsSntlNiP!3aiBWsvi'---c3js3eEs1P'bKw?,,VCgJjljUfegBSaEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .S2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESuispiay advertisements, $i.uu perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar mat! er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right o publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.Milk Supply.The city of Paducah is congratulating itself on the fact that the StateIns peccois have pronounced the milksupply of that city to be as good asany in Kentucky. Congratulations arein order.There has been remarkable improvement in the milk sold in Kentucky cities and this has been due to the energetic efforts of pure food officials andhealth officers, who have fceen eliminating the unsanitary dairies andcleaninglJup diseased herds of cattle.As a result'ot their efforts there aremore up to date dairies, and the dairymen are taking greater pains to seethat the public is supplied with milkof better quality.The milk supply of the State is notall that it should be, as much remainsto be done. but it is gratifying to knowthat in all our bigger centres of population something has been accomplished toward the protection of the interests of the public. There is reason tobelieve that even on the farms thereis more attention paid to the'purity ofthe product than was the case beforethe pure milk campaign wad begun inthe cities. Kentucky now has manysanitary dairies where formerly 'shehad few. She needs many more, asthere is great xoom for the expansionof the dairy industry. It is more important, however, that we should havea few clean dairies than that we shouldhave many of the other kind. Sanitation should come first ; when standardsare established along that line it willbe b etter, both for the dairymen andfur the people in general.Maps Prepared.The Postoffice Department has announced that by December 15 it willhave prepared maps of the parcelspost system, showing the rates fromall Kentucky points to elsewhere inthe United States and to each other.Victory for Circuit Clerks."When the Legislature enacted Section 1722 it intended to allow theclerks ot the circuit court $5 fortheir services in each case of the Commonwealth against a defendantcharged with a felony, and that thisfee is due and payable when the caseis taken from the docket by either dismissing or quashing the indictment orbya trial before a jury." said UtheCourt of Appeals, deciding a contention over fees in favor of L. P. Lay,clerk of the Whitley Circuit Court.The opinion settles a much mootedquestion as to whether the -clerk is entitled to.hia fee of $5 for each individual'defendaat when several are namedin a joint indictment.STOCK, CROP AND FABM NOTES.-Z:'..--r . .. !-',-' : .--- -r&--sr - I 4 - KrPVrxy-awi-- Sc-ryzr--'.' 1-7-;r-?Z?-.il..$zi'm Agricultural Bank oil Paris,Surplus Protection$67,500.00 $267,500.00An exceptionally fine 'crop of to-oacco Dei'inging to d. u. .boswortb,deputy sheriff of Fayette county, wassold at the Shelbourne warehouseTuesday at an average of $22.50 nerhundred. One basket of fancy cigaretterstuff out ot his offering went tothe high price of $36 per hundred.A. J. A. Alexander, of Payette,sold at auction in Lexington Tuesdaysixty head of Duroc Jersey hogs. Theprices ranged from $6.50 to $70, thelatter price being obtained for an agedboar. Sows sold for $65 and $70.McKee Bros., of Versailles, withwnom vieorge uiayton, iormerly orBourbon, is connected, were amongthe largest purchasers. -- "The ? suit of Jesse N. Fishbackagainst Perry p. Ward, involvingabout $30 worth of 'corn, has been appealed from the Nicholas county courtto the Circuit Court of that county.The case has been tried six times andhas been appealed for the seventhtrial. Already the ccBts amounts toseveral times the value of the coin.Thu Boys Corn Club Show and Rural School Fair of Nicholas countywill be held in Carlisle on Saturday,December 7. All ot the schools inthe county will be. represented.Henry T. Hopkins, of Shamsbnrg,has sold to A'bert Dav, of Flemingcounty 106 head of two year old cattle, for August and September delivery, 1913, at $7 per hundred.Attacks Section of Postal Laws.The opening attack upon the constitutionality of the sections of the recent postal appropriation act requiringnewspapers to publish a list of ttheirsubscribers, stockholders, as well as tolabel paid political articles as -'adver-tisements,was made Monday beforethe Supreme Court of the UnitedStates in a printed brief filed bv Robert C. Morris and G. B. Plante, on behalf of the Journal of Commerce andCommercial Bulletin of New York.The case is set for argument orally onDecember 2.The attorneys for the newspaperscontend principally that the sectionsviolate the constitutional liberty ofthe 25,000 newspapers, magazines andperiodicals published throughout v theUnited States.Unlike public service corporations,the newspapers, the attorneys claim,possess no elements which give theGovernment a right to regulate theirbusiness, except insofar as the publicmorals or public welfare is concerned."Absolutely no authority can befound lor a contention that the provisions complained of in this act were enacted for the public benefit," declarethe attorneys. "Neither the government nor the public at large can bebenefited by the knowledge of the private business affairs and the financialcondition of the owner of a newspaper.On the other hand, the provisions objected to in the act are more than unreasonable in their demands upon theownr or a newspaper they are perniciously inquistorial. Tney strikedown private rights and invade personal freedom and destroy privateproperty, in that they ruin the publication if it refuses to meettheir arbitrary demands, for ruin would surelyfollow the denial of the privileges ofthe mail."In the aot individual injury is infiicted without any corresponding benefit to society. If the corporation isdoing business upon borrowed money,ior wnicn. it has issued its notes orother obilgations, it must publish tothe world the holders of such obligations, to the annoyance of such lenders and the endanagering of its credit.It must show the vulnerable spots inits financial armor to the benefit ofits competitors and enemies. Banksand other large financial institutionswill refuse to loan it money for fearthat thpy will be held out and advertised as supporting or controlling itseditorial or political policy. Nor arethese fanciful objections. To the business man they are real and alarming."The attorneys warn lawyers, doctors and other professional men that.it mis act is upneia, uongress mayequally require tnem to publish anddisclose the names of their clients.Asks Injunction Against L. N.Judge A. P. Humphrey, representing the Western Union TelegraphCompm, filed suit Tuesday in theFederal Court at Louisville asking aninjunction to prevent the Louisvilleand Nashville from interfering withthe poles, wires and other property ofthe Western Union Company along therailroad right of way until litigationnow pending between the corporation sbe settled. The previous facts in thislitigatioD are as follows :The contract which the WesternUnion has with the Louisville andNashville epxires December 1, and theWestern Union now has in the FederalCourt a suit to condemn the right ofway along the road now occupied bythe telegraph company. That suit willcome up upon matters of pleadingsDecember 3.In the meantime the Louisville andNashville, through counsel, has notifiedthe Western Union that if the WesternUnion does not remove its propertyon December 1 the Louisville andNashville will claim that property.The suit Tuesday was simply for aninjunction to retain the status quo until the condemnation litigation be determined.Brain Power Always First.The average brain worker, it issafe to allege, if given the preferencebetween perfect bodily health accompanied by a sluggish brain, and thediscomfort arising from physical suffering allied to a bright, active brainin good working trim would doubtlesschoose the latter.Impossible.Some people are in the prime oflife at 60, but you can't make a woman of SO belieye it.Woman of Narrow Mind.A woman lacking true culture issaid to betray by conversation a mindof narrow compass, bounded on thenorth by her servants, on the east byher children, on the south by her ailments, and on the west by her clothes.Burton Kingsland.His Advantage.A millionaire can stand being hatedby everybody because nobody will bthat way to his face.NATIONALk and 10c StoreAll Kinds andPrices ofWall PaperPaper HangersFurnished.National 5g and 10g StoreWatch Our Windows.NO ONE STRONGER THAN HIS STOMACH.The celebrated Dr. Abernethy oi London was firmly of the opinion that disor-ders of the stomach were the most prolific source of human ailments in general. Atrecent medical writer says: "every feeling, emotion and affection reports at thestomach (through the system of nerves) and the stomach is affected accordingly.It is the vital center of the body ." He continues, so we may besaid to live (through) the stomach." He goes on to show that the stomach isthe vital center of the body. For weak stomachs and the consequent indigestioaor dyspepsia, end the multitude of various diseases which result therefrom, nomedicine caa bo better suited as a curative agent than&2. Pierce's Golden Medical "Discovery." Several months ago x suffered from a severe pain rightii-rrr tho treast-hene," writes Mns. G. M. Mubken, ofCorona, Calif. "Had suffered from it, off and on, for sev-c-alyears. I also suffered from heart-burn, did not knovr-7hat was the matter with me. I tried several medicines1 ut they did me no good. Finally, I was told it was myliver. I did not dare to eit as it made mo worse. "Whenever I swallowed anything it seemed that I v -mid faint ithurt so. I grow very thin and weak from net edting. "Wastold to take Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery. I tooklive hottlcs ot it, ana coma icei myseu geiung ueiier irom.the first dose. I could eat a little without pain and grewstrong fast, lo-day I am strong and well and can do a bigday's work with case. Can eat everything and have put on,flesh wonderfully. I will say to all sufferers write to Dr.Pierce, He has my undying gratitude."iniiiH'1 WvTMbs. Murken.ADF FIDFDDOOFStorm-proof, too, because they interlock and overlap in such a way that thebnest dnving snow or rain cannot sut under them.Best roof for country buildings, because they're safe from all the elements.7 They'll last as long as the building, and never need repairs.For Sale by Miller & Best Millersburg, Ky.WBStsmimtL ' i " irwgTHE BESTMNo Clinkers. 1 per cent ash,Lots of Heat.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.DmASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland Telephone works forhim. He will reply:1. Sells My Products 4. Protects the Home2. Gets Best Prices 5. Helps the Housewife3. Brings Supplies 6. Increases Profits7. Pays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet.For information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated..wTWINBROS,DeitlwlSIOIB .701 -703 Main St.,Invites you to inspect their handsome and" stylish display ofFALL DRY GOODS,DRESS GOODS, MISSES'and LADIES' READY-TO-WEAR GARMENTS.SUITS, SKIRTS,MILLINERY,CLOAKS, SHOES, DRESSES.Please. Call. Always several to,show our goodi.lr.;THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,1KENTUCKY, NOVEMBER 22,1912.r.v-REAt ORIGIN OF THE PEARLi -ow M nt -, f ' - 4 . , r jf ) r , ,III'. I II IMi.H J)' WW1Scienco Has Rudely Shattered PoeticIdea That Has Been HeldFor Centuries.C- -Kl Pi SVHlifti OSlis ej feI m IBP 41 HaEJaii hi Smuioo1 WBKBm cKT o 0- & sIII! S - -1lllfelllliul .y 3 tjQA MJ C CQ' SiFor many centuries, even until comparatively recent times, it was thecommon belief that pearls were dropsof dew that gained entrance into theshell of an oyster, and were theretranspired into lustrous gems. Araband Indian divers still believe that atcertain seasons oysters come to thesurface and suck in the rain-dropsthat later become pearls. Science,however, has rudely shattered thispoetic fancy, and discovered the realorigin to be a worm. Dr. Hugh M.Smith gives some Interesting information on this subject in the NationalGeographic Magazine.We now know that almost any foreign body a grain of sand, a bit ofmud or shell, a piece of seaweed ora small animal may by its irritationcause .the mollusk to cover it withnacre and make it the nucleus of apearl; but the largest part of the annual pearl-crop of the world is due toparasites that normally pass a partof their life-cycle within the shell ofthe pearl-oyster.Minute spherical larvae of marineworms known as Cestodes become embedded in the soft tissues, as many asforty having been found in one Ceylon oyster. As the result of irritation, the oyster forms a protectingsac about the intruder, and then, ifthe larva dies, its body is graduallyconverted into carbonate of lime, andthe pearly mass proceeds to growwith the shell.If the larva lives, it may pass intothe body of the strong-jawed triggerfishes which prey on the pearl-oysters,there undergoing further developmentUltimately it reaches the body of thegreat rays, which in turn eat the trigger-fishes.Jn the rays the worms attain full development, and producelarvae that are cast into the sea andfind lodgment in pearl-oysters. Thusthe cycle is begun once more.We may literally accept the sayingof a' celebrated French investigator,that "the most beautiful pearl is inreality only the brilliant sarcophagusof a worm."NO SATISFYING PASS FIENDComedian Relates Story That WouldSeem to Be Almost the LimitEven in That Line.Raymond Hitchcock is to be creditedwith this story, says the New Yorkcorrespondent of the Cincinnati TimesStar. He deserves it, for of late hehas milked cows from the wrong side,fussed with his wife on the deck ofan ocean liner and been kicked intothe water by a motor boat in his huntfor first page position and somethingbetter than a No. 4 headline. "An oldfriend of mine came to me last winter," said Hitchcock, "and asked meto get him tickets to the show in whichI was then appearing. 'I would if Icould, old chap,' I said, 'but honestly,I can't get 'em for you. I have no account at the box office. The only wayin which I can get you tickets wouldbe to pay for them out of my ownpocket.'" 'Aw,' said he, 'any old place willdo. I don't care where I sit. See ifthey won't let you have a pair for me.Explain to 'em that I'm an old friend. "Mr. Hitchcock admittedly lost histemper. He pulled a five-dollar billout of his pocket and walked towardthe box office window. They hadbeen standing in the theater lobby."I'll prove to you," he said, sourly,"that I have been telling the truth."And to the man behind the cash register: "Two seats at a dollar and ahalf each." And then he handed themto the persistent pass grafter. "Now,"said, he, "I hope you're satisfied.""'Yep,' said the other. 'I am, andmy wife will be tickled to death. But,gee, my sister-in-law will be disappointed because I only got two.'"Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfFor a New Umbrella.Before using a new umbrella injecta small quantity of vaseline into thehinge portions of the frame. Vaseline will not spread like oil and spoilthe covering, and is a sure preventive against rust. Wet umbrellasshould be stood on their handles todry; this allows the water to run outof them, instead of into the partwhere the silk and ribs meet, thuscausing the metal to rust and thesilk to rotSlow Suicide."The. entirely self-centered man isalways a man slowly killing himself.. , . Bachelors do not usually liveas long as married men; yet" no observer of the world would maintainthat bachelors really take less careof themselves. No, they are alwaystaking care of themselves, and it isthe care that shortens their lives.""In Cotton Wool," by W. B. Maxwell.True View of Life.I am more and more impressed withthe duty of finding happiness. GeorgeEliot.Eastern "Mining Promoters."' Seven natives at Dacca, India, wererecently convicted of swindling women by pretending that they had thesupernatural power of causing moneydeposited with them to be doubled inTalue in three days' time.African Ants.These insects sometimes set forward in such multitudes that thewhole earth seems to be in motion. Acorps of them once was seen to attack and cover an elephant quietlyfeeding in a pasture. In eight hoursnothing was to be seen but the skeleton of that enormous animal completely picked. The business was done, andthe enemy marched on after freshprey. Such power have the smallestcreatures acting in concert.Size and Strength.Increase of population is not necessarily a good thing of itself, nor is alow birth rate necessarily a bad thing.Increase of population does not evenmake any necessary additions to thenational strength.England would be a stronger nationthan she is today if her populationhad not out-run her food supply. Manythoughtful observers believe the sametrue of Germany.Patrons of the prize ring used tosay that a man weighing 180 poundsweighed enough. A man of that weightwas deemed 'big enough to encounterany adversary, and additional weightwas thought as likely to be a hindrance as a help.The rule may hold good with nations as with men, though to be sureno one knows where to draw the line.Eut the nation which is much "too bigto feed itself has taken on a handicap, to sjr the least.'Speak in Love.The only way to speak the truth isto speak lovingly. Only the lover'swords are heard. The intellect shouldnever speak. It does not utter a natural sound. Thoreau.Multitudes of Peopletake SCOTTS EMULSION regularly to repair wasted vitality andenrich the blood to withstandwinter colds and exposure.It contains the highest grade ofcod liver oil, medically perfected;it is a cream-like food-medicine,scrupulously pure and healthfulwithout drug or stimulant. Endorsed and advocated by medicalauthorities everywhere.SCOTTS EMULSIONdiives outcolds nourishes the membranesof the throat and lungs and keepsthem healthy.Nothing equals SCOTT'SEMULSION for lung and bronchialweakness sore, tight chests andall pulmonary troubles.Equally good for infants,children or adults, but you musthave SCOTTS.Scott & Bowne, Bloomfield, N. J. 12-56i jew uoai yarciHave openedStanda Coal Yard at theon North Main Street.Dow. 'rpi-edoaq; osouooil jj osodmd on. oj re; puu 3nuqpmoo ouo uans eift treq uavouji s:! U9U.A. OSnBCld"B BUTAV pUTJ SUISBBldsi uowesjoAuop uj oouaixs jo nqq v .aouausState of Ohio, city of Toledo, Lucascounty, S3.Frank J. Cheney makes oath thathe iB senior partner of the firm ot bJ. Cheney & Co., doing business in thecity of Toledo, county and State aforesaid, and that said firm will nay thesum of ONE HUNDRED DO'LLARSfor each and every, .case of Catarrhat cannot be cured by the use ofKail's Catarrh Cure.FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and subscribedin my presence, this Gth day of December, A. D. 188G.A. W. Gleason,Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally and acts directly upon the blooda nd mucous surfaces ot the system.Sen.i for testimonials free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, 0.Sold by all druggists, 75 cents.Take Hall's Family Pills for consti-nation.New Street Car Schedule.! SCHEDULE OF THE PARIS CITY(JAti UN iUJj'Jj'lfiUT UUT. 1, lyiZ.Wiping Out Grease Stains.For grease stains on fast colors,benzine can be used. For dry paintstains, rub with equal parts of turpentine and alcohol.Good Filler.There'o a country editor not a thousand, miles from here who, when hegets shy on copy, runs in a couple ofcolumns of "Lucile."Rich Mountain GoalKentucky Jem CoalLast longer and furnishes a greater amountof heat than other coals.C. R. TURNIP,-w. w - w. VB Opp. Hotel Windsor Dow Building E. T. Phone 58 fl"" , .t jTincinrvTSN0S9-l3aVS'iffigaonoiB J3J pnoW ODjd p9?.il 10 Jpa? Aioq no.C u AV.'9NI&YU1 Kl A3X0W..ju.g.im.irfW.xSe&k&ss&ss:LeaveCourt House6:45 a. m.7:15 a. m.7:45 a. m.8:15 a. m.8:45 a. m.9:15 a. m.9:45 a. m.10:15 a. m.10:45 a. m.11:15 a. m.11:45 a. m.12:05 p. m.1:15 p. m.1:45 p. m.2:15 p. m.2:45 p. m.3:15 p. m.3:45 p. m.4:15 p. m.4:45 p. m.5:15 p. m.6:00 p. m.LeaveStation No 557:00 a. m.7:30 a. m.8:00 a. m,8:30 a. m.9:00 a. m.9:30 a. m.10.00 a. m.10:30 a. m.11:00 a. m.11:30 a. m.11 :55 a. m.12:20 p.m.1:30 p.m.2:00 p.m.- 2:30 p.m.3:00 p. m.3:30 p.m.4:00 p.m.4:30 p.m.5:00 p.m.5:30 p. m.6 :15 p. m.Uncle Pennywise Says:Things political are moving so fastthat some of the old wheelhorse3 arehaving hard work to keep from heingrun over.Not Really His Fault."I kept an eye on her until Saturday," said a seafaring man, referringto his wife, "and then she slipped hercahle while I was on duty."Special RatesLow Round Trip Homeseekers TicketsTo points in Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi, Arizona, Arkansas,Missouri, New i Mexico, Oklahoma.Texas and Kansas on sale first andthird Tuesday of each month, returnlimit 25 days" from date of saleRound trip Winter Tourist iickets toall principal winter resorts in theSouth on sale Oct. 15th to April 30th,1913, final return limit May 3lst, 1913.For further information, apply toWH. HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, T. A."Roxie" Davis !Cbe Insurance AgentiLife, Accident, Health,Liability, ' Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::.Biggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a CalL2 Helios 137J 8 l (1 FEKNDERG MAcroIieo Egg M f L4 . 4 I XZ M'PTStriNot Ike Chj33JGcm" 's-2' Flanders "2u:' Rcadsccr, $730 iCJ' 'Bicycles in France.The number of bicycles in Franceappears to be on the increase, judgingfrom the latest returns for 1911, -whichgive a total of 3.009.G26, as comparedwith 2,697,406 of the previous year.The total revenue from the tax on bicycles last year amounted to upwardof nine millions of francs, or abouthalf a million francs more than in1910. The ten departments having thegreatest number of bicycles last yearwere those of the Seine, with 309,759;Nord, 159,656; Seine-et-Oise, 97,271;Gironde, 75,390; Pas-de-Calais, 70,610;Seine-Inferieure, 62,997; Maine-at-Loire,60,265; Saone-et-Loire, 58,595;Seine-et-Marne, 55,594; Loiret, 54,510.The department with' the smallestnumber -was that of Lozere, with onlyi . . -z.yu cycles. , ,Don't be alarmed if somebody toils you you can buy an automobilefor less money than the$750Studebaker-Flanders"20." You can butyou better not. . The Flanders "20" corresponds point by point with thebest and highest priced cars sold. Cheaper cars at every vita! point arebuilt on ideas long ago discarded for good cars. Don't take our word forit. Make comparisons and see.The Studebaker-Fianders "ZCr is a marvel a high grade modern carat a low price. If you pay less ycu buy much less. And the cheaper cartoday will cost you far more in the long run. The competing car isn tsold which the Studebaker Corporation, the greatest automobile manufacturers in the world, couldn't reproduce for less money; but we won tbuild a cheap car, because the name "Studebaker" means the best foryour money.If you are content with a car that runs today and dies tomorrow,don't buy the $750 Flanders "20." It will wear for years. Rememberthis the Studebaker-Fianders "20" will outwear 2 to 1 any other carunder $1100 and give you double satisfaction, confidence and comfortinto the bargain.We can prcvciiScndfcr ncu) catalogueThe Sfedebaker CorporationDeirci:- Mich.gourbon Garage & Supply Company.mmmmX, -.;-:-tvj-u.XVVi,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIskHCKY, NOVEMBER 22, 1912Rich Dismissed.Walter Rich, arrested Monday byPatrolman Fred Link for alleged complicity in the wrecking of a Louisvilleand Nashville train on the night of Friday, November 6, and upon a warrantsworn out by A. L. Summers, specialagent for the railroad, was dismissedWednesday morning because of lack ofevidence against him.Kich was arrested Wednesday afternoon when he arrived in Paris fromLivingston, where he resides with hisparents. He was taken before JudgeDundon and his trial set for Wednesday morning. On motion of CountyAttorney George Batterton the warrant against Rich was dismislsed.Rich formerly worked for the Louisville and Nashville and was a witnessfor James Delph. a white boy whowas sent to the reform school fromMt. Vernon on a charge of having attempted to wreck a train on thesouth end about two years ago. Itwas said that he and Rich had beentogether a great deal of the time since.A warrant against Dplph was swornout before Squire L. J. Fretwell, supported by the affidavit of Mr. Summers, and sent to Cumminsville, 0.,where he is said.to be located.Both Rich and Delph were in Parison the day the wrecking of the northboundAtrain No. 32 near Bedford Station occurred and in which EngineerJames Lemons was killed and severaltrainmen and passengers injured.They were seen in the vicinity ofthe wreck late that evening. According to the statement of Rich theyspent the night at the Louisville andNashville puraD station in this city,and left for Ohio. Rich returned toLivingston about a week ago, Delphremaining in Cumminsville, O.Famous Stallion Sold.JohnT. Collins & Son. of NorthMiddletown, have sold to J. B. Bowlesand L. P. Dickerson, of Bardstown,Ky., for a private consideration the sensational young stallion. BeechwoodPride, formerly Harmon 4716. Beingsired by the famous stallion, Roosevelt, and out of a, mare by ChesterDare, the young stallion is royallybred. Beechwood Pride won both theharness and saddle class at the Louisville State Fair.in 1911,'Jbut by reason of a temporary injury, from whichhe has fully recovered, he was keptfrom the show ring the past season.Mr. Collins entered him in the$6,000 saddle stake at the Panama Exposition and if no mishaps occur hisnew owners expect to try for the richstake.Wanted.Agents to handle a new householdnecessity. Self selling plan. Salaryand commission. Best inducementever ottered. Special proposition tomutes and cripples. Boys and girlsmake $5 to $10 after school hours.Sample 10 cents. We also want salesman to sell advertising novelty tomerchants, $25 a week salary. Sendten cents for sample and outfit. Sirrah Manufacturing Co., 18 South Delaware avenue, Philadelphia. Pa.THE FAIR!For Friday Only,Hatchet and Hammer Handles, 2for 5c.Convenient, up-to date Noodle Cutters, each 10c.Gas Mantels, each 10c.Toilet Paper, 800 sheets in a roll, 6for 25c.Ladies' Skirt Hangers, each 10c.Ladies' Skirt Hangers, each 10c.1-pound Butter Molds, brick shape,15c.Indian-Made Clothes Hampers, 98c.Cold Blast Lanterns, $1 quality, at75c each.Granite Iron Cooking Kettles, 4-qt.size, at 10c.fcSausage or Meat Grinders, each 69c.Pure Alluminum Tea Spoons, a set29c.A full line of Vollrath's 4-coatedpure white Enamel "Ware, the best ofite kind on the market guaranteednot to chip off.THE FAIR.Phillip N. Henry Falls t Death.Mr. Phil Nippert Henry, aged 17years, son of Mr. and Mrs. PercyHenry, of Louisville, died Mondaynight from the effects of injuries sustainedjfrom a fallifrom anarrow ledgein front of the Headley Building atGeorgetown College, in Washington,D. C, where he was a student.A playful prank is believed to havecost the youth his life. The ledgefrom which he fell is only a foot wide,running along the tourth floor, andthe students at the institution frequently walked along the wall to surDrise their friends who were occupying the front rooms of the building.The faculty of the college had recently issued orders forbidding theDractlce. The position of the bodywhen found indicated that he hadwalked out on the ledge a distance ofseveral feet when he fell to the groundfifty feet below. His neck, both legsand right wrist were broken.He was rushed to a hospital immediately after the accident by amember of the faculty but died beforean operation could be performed.The young man was born in Parisin 1895 and since moving away withhis parents has often visited here.During the summer of 1910 and 1911he spent several months with hisgrandfather, Mr. Phillio Nippert, whowas apprised of his tragic death Monday night by telegram. He was unusually bright and was quite a favorite with the young men of hiR age inParis.He was a graduate of the publicschool of Louisville, being educated inthe Manual training school. He entered Georgetown College lastfSeDtember as a member of the Freshmanclass.Mr. Percy Henry, lather of the unfortunate boy, left Louisville immediately upon the receipt of the newsof his son's death and returned wtihthe remains Wednesday night. Thefuneral will be held in Louisville today. Miss Julia U'Brien, a life longfriend of Mrs. Henrv, left Tuesdayfor Louisville and Mr. Phillip Nippert,Sr., father of Mrs. Henry, left Wednesday morning for that city to remain until after the funeral.Nearing Completion.A large force of bricklayers are employed in the construction of the addition to the building on Main streetformerly occupied by King Redmon.which has been leased by the firm ofYerkes & Prichard. The building isbeing rushed to completion before thearrival of cold weather.The two tory brick building of MartinDoyle, which has been under construction for the past two months, is nowunder cover and plasterers are atwork. It is expected the building willbe completed and ready for occupancywithin the next thirty days.Old Offender Given Limit.Jim Bay less, colorpd. frequently inDolice court, was tried yesterday before Judge January yesterday on abreach of the peace charge and giventhe limit fine of $100 and costs and 50days in jail. Bayless is alleged tohave beaten a negro woman by thename of Sallie Jackson.Lard SpecialTry a Bucket of Our OpenKettle Rendered Lard. Guaranteed to be the Best LardMade.50-lb. Can $7.0010-lb. Bucket.. 1 .505-lb. Bucket . .753-lb. Bucket, c .45Golden EagleSausageThe Best on Earth.Baldwin Bros.A-w;?..rCiVSfor this genuineVictor-Victrolav?There'i's no reason whv vnn d-ini 1-,. :... Vanother moment in nbrinn- fW imusical instruments in your home.The price is easily within reach. The iiisu- iment is a perpetual joy. " Itome in and hear itand you won't want tow luwiuui KJll.Other styles of the Victor-Victrola $15 toVictors $10 to $100. Terms tosuit.$200..'nebsVictor-VictDAUGHERTY BROS.rallen Tree Delays Train.The crew and passengers of a Louisville and Nashville train operating between Paris and Lexington. and knownas the "dinkey' train, had an unusualand exciting experience late Mondayafternoon near Warrentown. Fayettecounty, which delayed the train fortwo hours and came near resulting seriously for the crew.The train was running along at arate of about 25 miles an hour when atali tree beside the track which had insome way caught fire, fell across thetrack, striking the moving engine andendangering two lives. The engineercaught sight of the burning tree andendeavored to pass before the towering mass of flame fell, but just as theengine got opposite, the burning treecame down with a crash, striking thelocomotive and scattering f?re aboutthe heads of the engine crew.The engine was so badly damagedthat a delay of about two hours wasoccasioned in chopping the burningtree top to pieces to get it out of theway of the train so that the flameswould not set fire to the coaches, andin making repairs on the engine.Direct (o Customer.We have just received a big assortment of all kinds of fancy baskets direct from an Indian Reservation,thereby saving the middle man's profit. Beautiful sweet grass basketp,big and small, fancy shapes in workbaskets, baskets for decorations,clothes hampers, etc. Also Indianmoccasins for children and ladies, alsocanoes, bows and arrows. These goodsare marked way down and in plainfigures.19 2t PARIS BOOK CO.Spears Held to Grand Jury.Woodford Spears, a member of thefirm of E. F. Spears & Sons, arrestedon a warrant charging him with intentto kill, waived examination in thecounty court before Squire L. J. Fretwell this morning, and was heH toawait the action of the Bourbon county grand jury, which will convene inthis city next week at the Novemberterm of the Bourbon Circuit Corut.Spears is charged with cutting andwounding Bush Bishop, a farmer, following a dispute over an account. Thedifficulty took place at the office of thefirm on Third street on Thursday, November 14, resulting in Bishop beingstbbed in the left side.Bishop's wound did not result seriously and since the trouble has beenunder treatment at a Lexington hospital, being discharged from the institution Wednesday. Sppars executedbond in the sum of 300 for his appearance in Circuit Court.Judge Howard to Remain in PeruCommunications received by relatives in this city from Hon. H. C.Howard, United States Minister toPern, stationed at Lima, are to theeffect that he has abandoned his intention of returning to Kentucky to spendhis vacation. Had he followed hisoriginal intention he would have started home November 1, but owing to hisduties he will be detained in the foreign country untilspring. Mrs. Howard returned several months ago. andis with her mother, Mrs. Letitia Clay,near this city.Narrow Escape.Wm. Sadler, employed at the plumbing shop of John Mei ringer, had anarrow escape from serious injury yesterday afternoon, when, while washinga window in the front of the store, tr-eladder upon which he was standingfell through the large plate glass.Several large pieces of glass narrowlymissed him in the fall, but luckily heescaped without injury.Sewer Being Constructed.The construction of the new sewerage system for White Addition, in.eluding the Massie Memorial Hopsital,iB wpII under way; the lower end con.necting the city system is about completed. The entire force of city handshas been engaged in this work for several days, the digging being done bymeans of plows and scrapers. Thework is under the supervision of L. I.Smithy of the engineering corps of theijuuiaviue aim lNaanvnie.Heavy Suits Filed.The suit of John and R. W. Noel,Samuel and H. P. Mason. Jr., ThomasW. Scott and 'Jerry Taylor against theGreenbaum Distillery Company, ofMidway, was entered Tuesday at thespecial term of the Franklin CircuitCourt. All the defendants, exceptingJerry Taylor, are suing for 510,000daarnges, and he is suing for 550,000in the consolidated cases, in which itis alleged that Elkhorn creek watersare so polluted by distillery slop thatthe fish are killed and the runningwater is made unfit for stock to drink.The distillery contends that the watersare polluted by sewage from Lexington. The trial will continue severaldays.Students Visit Bourbon Farm.Five students of Kentucky University to represent Kentucky in the National Live Stock Show in Chicago andwho are being prepared for the tripmade a visit to the farm of John T.Collins & Son. at North Middletown,this county.The students spent the entire dayTuesday in judging the horses on thefarm of Mr. Collins, who has achieveda nation wide reputation as a producer of fine saddle and harness horses.The students will leave in a fewdays to visit manv draft horses andbeet cattle farms in the North. OnNovember 30 they will compete withsimilar teams from Canadian and Stateuniversitiej.Carriage Necessities.Swell line of carriage and autorobes, swell patterns, also the bestcarnage heater on the market. Justthe things to keep you comfortablethese keen mornings. Come in andhave a look.19 4t LAVIN & CONNELL.Ladies Sew for Orphanage.Following their usual custom theladies of the Christian church metTuesdav for the purpose of sewing forthe children of the Louisville OrphansHome.The large parlors were filled andwith the use of a dozen sewing machines a number of garments weremade, watets for the boys, aprons forthe girls and pillow cases for the dormitories. A feature of the day wasthe luncheon served at noon, and whichwas attended bv the pastor, Elder W.E. Ellis, and several officers of thechurch. Normpn, the photographer,took two pictures of thelarge" group,one being an interior view and the other on the staDs outside the front door.andLadies Coats in ChinchillaBlanket Cloth.Fiftv-eightbrand"new winter coats inchinchilla and blanket cloths, largemannish collars and deep cuffs, twoand three buttons, straight and cutaway fronts. g Coats Dositively worth$20 and 25 price $14.75.SIMON DEPT. STORE.Black Cake Time.It is time to make that black cakefor Thanksgiving or Christmas. W ehave all the ingredients, such as seeded raisins, suices of all kinds, etc, alsofresh stock of shelled almonds, pecansand English walnuts.19 tf T. LENIHAN.The plav charms, as does Freckleshimself, with all his tender simplicitv,and unaffected naturalnlsms.THEATRICAL.Entertainment forHospital.D. C.haveRichard Hawes Chapter, U.win in me next iew weeks give ahome talent performance at the operahouse in this city for the benefit ofthe Chapter's hospital fund, and arrangements are now being comnletedlooking to the production of a cleverlittle musical comedy entitled "Mr.Bob." The proceeds of the entertinment will go towards furnishing aroom in the W. W. Massie MemorialHospital.Mr. and Mrs. Adams, whobeen here for several days thi3cumulating arrangements, nave presented the plav with much success inthe towns adjoining Paris. Mrs. O.P. Carter and Mrs. Kate Mann, representing the chapter, are assisting themin the work.It is planned to ewe the performance the first week in December, butthe exact date has not been definitelydecided upon. The cast will be madeup entirely of local talent and thi? afternoon at 3 30 o'clock a meeting withthe children of the city school will beheld in the school building, lonightat 7:30 o'clock the young ladies andgentlemen who will take part in theperformance will meet at the courthouse. All are urgently requested tobe present. ,"FRECKLES.""Freckles,"with its familiar scenes,will be at the Paris Grand Nov. 30. Ithas proven a theatrical event wherever it has played, and should bejan eventhere.The trouble, time and expense necessary in staging a dramatization ofsome popular novel must be understood to be thoroughly appreciated. Itis a hard task, and there are few whopossess the stamina to bring the workto a successful issue. When it becameknown that the wonderful -popularityof "Freckles" was an absolute truth,and with the sale of the book, gainingentree into thousands or homes, therewere a number of New York producing managers who immediately wantedthe dramatic rights to Gene StrattonPorter's story of the Limberlost. Authors and copyright owners of hnnkshowever, with such popularity as thisJ one.are slow to relinquish their award.me question arose who was to dramatize "Freckles." To be real dramatic worth a book play must stick to thetext of the story in both word anddeed, and this requires more than aplaywright; it requires a knowledgeof stage intricacies and craftmanship.Neil Twomey was given the assienment, and went to work diligently.That he succeeded, even above thehopes of Delamater, is attested byfour first class companies playing ontour this season.The success of "Freckle?, "it is said,lies in its simplicity. There are nocharacters in modern fiction nor on thestage endowed with such simple nobility, sweetness and wonderful delineation as given "Freckles" and hissweetheart, "The Swamp Angel." byits author. Mrs. Porter has studiednature, she has lived all her life in thegreat Limberlost swamp region of Indiana, studying it and writing aboutit. She has achieved a position whichcan be disputed by none her fictionand her play reaches is in popular demand. It is the newest and most popular of book plays.Charles Frohman will present MaudeAdams in James Matthew Rnrrip'sclassic plav, "Peter Pan." at the Lexington upera House Tuesday and Wednesday, November 26 and 27. This bitof news is certain not only to interestbut to delight all classes of theatregoers, for Miss Adam is the best loved Dersonality on the American staee.As for "Peter Pan." everyone hasheard of the boy who wouldn't growup and his adventures in the Never.Never, Land. Miss Adams when firstseen in this whimsical work by thecleverest of modern British writers,scored the greatest, success that shehad known. Her earlv tours in it werenotable triumphs. Again and againthere has been a demand that she revive it. and it is in anwaer to this dp.week t-niand that the work is now being given. It is asid of "Peter Pan" that itis the daintiest and most beautifulfairy tale which has round its way tothe worldly, noisy modern stage. Itis a whimsical drama of the childheart, which no one but James Barriecould have written and no one butMaude Adams make real. Mr. Frohman has surrounded the actress with astrorg and well balanced company andgiven the play a series of elaborate(settings.The sale of seats will open Saturday, Novebmer 23. The prices willrange from fifty cents to two dollars.All orders sent to Manager Scott willreceive prompt attention it accompanied by ar emittance and a self ad-ldressed envelone.1 - MWWBBllIFigure Building!We are to have with us for a period of two .weeks a corsetiere who has been trained bythe corset designer recognized not only inthis country, but in the fashion centers ofEurope, as the- highest exponent of corsetart the designer ofRedfernWhaleboneCorsetsThe slight, but important, change in figurecontour this season impels us to render youthis service.Miss Brown will be with us for two weeks. Fitting givenat any time, or by appointment throngh the post, or by'phone. There is no charge for this service. We renderit entirely in the interest of good service to you. Redfernmodels are distinguished not only by their fashionableshaping, but comfortable fitting while .a Redfern is extraordinary flexible, it has lasting qualities.We can perfectly fit you regardless of your type of form or sizeiWolf, Wile S Go.Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.JLexinaton. jfceniuckvwmmmmmmmmmmmmammmmmWMmmmwmmmBmmmmmmmriThanksgiving!Buy YourThanksgivingNecessities Now"iIn euessru.es ow tThree Sizes Are Sold Under an Iunquaimea guarantee : : : :Turkey DishesTurkey CarversCranberry DishesCelery DishesOyster Cocktail SetsAnd in fact everything to makethe table look attractive forThanksgiving.& wmmmwmmmmmmfiiiiiijADDITIONAL PERSONALS. IMr. Joe Varden was in Cincinnatiyesterday to consult an eye specialist.Mrs.iua.raucioner returned Tues-iday to her home in Cannel Citv after avisit to her uarents, Mr. and Mrs. T.T. Temolin.Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Ewalt movedTuesday from their home in thecountry to the uroperty of Mr. HarryStamlei, on Fifteenth street.Judge C. D. Webb, who wasthought to he imDroving from his recent illness, suffered a decline Wednesday and is again confined to his home.Mrs. W. R McComas, who hasbeen the guest for several weeks ofMr. and Mrs. W. T. Talbott, left yesterday afternoon for Owenton fur abrief ..visit before returning home inBrooklyn, N. Y. ' " i jLaugh and the World LaughsWith You; Weep and You WeejAlone'JJiff I.Bftf ! Biff, the Great AmericanMagazine of Fun, is making greaterstrides than any other magazine before the American Dublic today. Itis a magazine tnat will keep thewhole family in a good humor. Thestaff of Biff contains the greatest artists, caricaturists, critics and editor?on the continent. It is highly illustrated and printed in manv 4 colorsIt will keep the whole family cheerful the year round. You can affordto sDend 50 cents a year to do this,bend this clipping and 50 cents todayto the Biff Publishing Company, Dayton, Ohio, for one year's subscription. 22 3t' None Better.. Get a pair of our Eclipse j Shoesnone better. 3Rtf s FELDSr SHOE STOR:.&hl,HI3?r;'"?ji"." V' I ' W XI-v -"' - y'A '" p c -- ff" sJYl t'Sfi1!-'-THE BOURBOJL .NEWS, PARIS,,! KEipXJCjKY, NOVEMBER J22. 1912''mHE KOURBON NEWS.wrwnfcvr&ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGMoose Meeting Tonight.Paris Lodge No. Ilb3, LoyaJ Orderof Moose will meet tonight at 8 o'clockjn K. of P. Hall. i.A full attendance;s urgently requested to formulatej..ans for the club house.Embroidered Voile Waists.Ladies embroidered voile waists,S3. 50. 4 and 5 values reduced to?1 ' SIMON DEPT. STORE.Improvement League Sale.The Kiserton School ImprovementLeague will have asale of edibles atMr. Geo. Davis' store on Main street,Saturday, Nov. 23. , They will havefor tale chickens, eggs, butter, salad,cakes, ham, catsup, etc.Ladies' Dresses.Ladies dresses. $9 and 10 values, reduced to S5.98.SIMON DEPT. STORE.Takes Position in Chicago.Mr. J. L. Earlywine, clerk in theoffice of Superintendent W. H. Andereon, cf the Louisville and Nashvillerailroid.in this city, has resigned andhas :.-cepted a more lucrative position-with the United States Casualty andFide lty Co., and will have his headqua). ers in Chicago. Mr. Earlywinewill jet in the capacity of adjusterfor ihe Company in the citv of Chicago. He left Tuesday afternoon forChicago to assume his new duties.Sweater Coats.These frosty mornings. Just rightfor warmth. S2.50 to S9.J. W. DAVIS &CO.Well Selected Stock.The New Art Store, which is beingconducted by Mrs. W. E. Board, ispronounced by the ladies to be one ofthe coziest places in Paris. The newstock was well selected and the novelties and fancy work is being soldrapidly. The ladies arefcespecially invited to call.PE1S0NAL MENTION.Mrs. W.ington.E. Ellis is visiting in Lex-Chinchilla Overcoats.Are verv popular, made with conveitible collars, belted back, $22.50 toJpoO.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Delegates Appointed.Governor James B. McCreary Wednesday appointed the delegates fromKentucky to the Anti-Saloon Leagueot America, which will be held inWashington, December 16 to 19.Among the number are Hon. ClaudeM. Thomas. Rev. W. E. Ellib andRev. Dr. B. M. Shive of this citv.l?a"Tjo8!ySTjcrJ73""gffBrt5Mrs. Wm. Kenney and childrenare visitors in Nicholasville.Judge Deni9 Dundon was in Carlisle Monday on legal business.Miss Ella Alexander, of Carlisle,is the guest of Mias Ellen Hpnry.Mrs. B. A. Frank is visiting Dr.and Mrs. Louis Frank in Louisville.Miss Rachel Wiggins is the guestof Miss Bettie McCord in Covington.Miss Wellington Smith has returned from a viit with friends inFrankfort.Mrs. Brannin, of Cincinnati, is visiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs. D. C.Parrish.Hon. Cassius M. Clay was a visitor in Lexington Tuesday attendingthe tobacco sales.Mr. and Mrs. George Alexanderleft Wednesday night for a two weeks'visit to New XprkMiss Kate Edgar has returnedfrom a visit to her aunt, Mrs. JamesMontgomery, in Frankfort.Miss Mary Foster, of Covington,has arnved for a visit to Miss MarthaFerguson at her home in this county.Miss Maragret Davis. o Lexington, is the guest of her aunt. MissAnna May Davis, on Pleasant street.Miss Anna Howe has returned toher home in Carlisle"atter a visit toher brother, Mr. Julian Howe, in thiscity.Mrs. M. L. Woods and daughter,Miss Mar Frances Woods, ot thiscity, are guests of relatives in Covington. Miss Martha Ferguson entertainedfor her guest. Miss Foster of Covington, at her home near ClintonvilleWednesday afternoon.Miss May Margolen, of Georgetown, and Miss Weil, of Jacksonville,Fla., are vhe guests of Misses Essieand Goldie Saloshin in this city.Mrs. Withers Davis and daughter,Miss Ann Jouett Davis, will visitMrs. Davis' aunt, Miss Laura Ecton,in Winchester today and tomorrow.Mr. Romev Purcell and family,who for the cast several years haveresided in Nicholas county, will movein a few weeks to Bourbon to reside.Mr. and Mrs. Milton C. Browninghave returned from their wedding tripand are guests for a few aays of Mrs.Browning's sister, Miss Carrie Frank.Mr. N. F. Brent left this wekfor a business trip t" Boston. Durinyhis absence Mrs. Brent and son, Edward Brent, will be the guests of Mrs.Brent's narents, Mr. and Mrs. E. M..Wallace in Versailles."Freckles,"and readv wit.a plav ofComing.philosophvPay for Teachers.Money for the school teachers ofBourbon county will be foitfccomingtomorrow. County SuperintendentMiss Mabel Robhins announces thatshe will be prepared to distribute themonthly salaries for the ttachers.The nayment of the salaries has beendelayed for several weeks owing tothe scarcity of money in the schoolfund.Ladies Suits in the New Colors.One hundred and twenty-eicht suits,$25 and.$30 values, material of WideWales, diagonals, cheviots and sergesin the new and wanted colors. Price$17.50.SIMON DEPT. STORE.Residence Burglarized.The residence of Mr. L. M. Westerfield, on Mt. Airy avenue, was burglarized Sunday night. The thief enteredthejiouse through a window that hadbeen left open and after relieving Mr.Westerfield's trousers of a pocketbookcontaining $15 in cash, departed.Nothing else was disturbed. Mondaymorning the empty purse was found inthe yard."Davis' Twents'."Suits and overcoats. Thoroughlyguaranteed or your money back.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Association Meets Today.The District Association of the Bourbon County Schools will meet at Clay aCross Roads today. Mibs Susie Clay,who is the teacher, will conductclasses in various branches and otherinteresting exercises will be includedin the program. Fully twenty-fiveteachersfcof the county schools will attend. The Bourbon Count j School Improvement Leaeua has been invited.The event promises to be one of unusual interest.. Millinery.Millinery at half price.SIMON DEPT. STORE.Henry McGiniey (jets Pardon.Henry McGmley, Chief of the ParisFire Department, arrested on a chargeof carrying concealed weapons andfined ithe sum of S20 and given tendays in the county jail by Judge E. B.January in police courtfor the offense,was yesterday pardoned of the jail sentence by Governor McCreary. The arrest of McGiniey followed a disagreement between he and J. W. King, amember of the deDartment, and wasmade upon a warrant sworn out by thelatter. "An appeal was to have beentaken in the case to the circuit courtand pending the appeal McGiniey wasreleased on bond. Friend3 intercededi-. his hehalf. resulting in executivec emt-nry beirg extendedexecutive trie State.bv the chiefThe Courier Journal of Wednesdaycontained the following account ofthe ball given by Dr. and Mrs. LouisFrank Tuesday evening tor theirdaughter. Miss Julia Cecil Frank :"One of the most beautiful balls ofthe winter was given at the Woman'sClub last evening bycDr. Louis Frankand Mrs. Frank in honor of the formal debut of their daughter, MissjuIia Cecil Frank.S "Di. Frank, Mrs. Frank and MissI Frt"k were assisted in receiving byi Mi-. B. A. Frank, of Paris, and MissJulid Cosby, of Washington, who aretneir house guests."In the reception rooms and the longhall leading to the ball room the doorways and windows were garlanded inSouthern smilax. The electrolierswere covered under masses of thegreen and the stair rail had a deepborder of the smilax covering it andhanging over in a deep fringe. Alongthe sides of the hallway trees wereplaced, forming an avenue."The many flowers sent the debutante were placed near the entrance ofthe ball room, where the receivingparty stood and met their guests."In the ballroom the decorations,which were most effective, were inSouthern smilax and American Beautyroses. FronOhe studding, which extends around the entire room, hung aborder of the smilax, and four graceful garlands of the smilax starredwith the roses, extended from the center of the ceiling to the four cornersof the room. From the tops of thewindows festoons of smilax combinedwith clusters of roses were draped tothe electroliers between the windows."The electroliers were covered withthe familax, with the light shiningthrough the green. In every windowwere palms banked at the base withSouthern smilax."There were two orchestras playingJic'-a'cly during the evening. Onewas on the stage behind a scceen ofgreens, banked high and formed ofrubber plants, bay trees, sago palmsand Boston terns, while the other musicians were sealed in the balconyover the entrance of the ballroom, therailing beinc hung with the smilaxstarred with the American TBeautyroses."The supper was served on the second floor, the windows and doorwaysbeing draped with loose sprays ofSouthern smilax. The guests wereseated at three large tables and smalltables of four and six. The dbutantetable had a mound of American Beautymsps in the center. The tavors torthe debutantes were corsage bouquetsof American Beauty roses and lillies ofthe valley. American Beauty boutonnieres were for their escorts."Mrs. Frank wore a lavender chiffonmounted over cream satin with trimmings of lace. Her flowers were violets and lillies of the valley."Miss Frank's gown was a beautifulimported model df white charmeusp.with draperies of shadow lace, thebodice being made ent'rely of the lace,having a filmy scarf over the shoulderswhich extended down and formed partof the skirt. Ihe draperies werecaught with rhinestone trimmings.Her flowers were a bouquet or pinwroses, violets and lillies of the valley."Miss Julia Uysby, or Washington,wore a costume of white charmeuseand white "chiffon with trimmings ofpink French roses, and she carried abcuquet of pink roses."Mrs. B. A. Frank, of Pans, was ina black and white chiffon with a pompadour boiler, and an underdress ofpat green satin." 2"Prof. W. L.'.Yerkea returned Tuesday from 'Louisville.Miss Kate Alexander was a visitorin Lexington Wednesday.Mrs. W.'F. Talbott continues quiteill at her home on Seventh street.Mrs. J. W. Porter is visiting herbrother. Mr. Jas. George, in Winchester. Mrs. Jesse Turney and Miss LucvColville were visitors in Cincinnatiyesterdav.Mr. Frank Tucker, of New York,was the guest of Miss Coriune CollinsWednesday.Miss Pink Shropshire, who hasbeen ill for the past several weeks, isable to be out.Dr. Wm. Hall Hawkins, of NewYork, was the guest Wednesday ofMiss Elizabeth Crutcher.Miss Mabel Rash, formerly ofNorth Middletown and Paiis, is quiteill at the Hazelwood Sanutarium inLouisville.Mr. Bush Bishop, who has beenat a Lexington Hospital under treatment for a stab wound, returned homeWednesday.Miss Martha Ferguson entertainedthe Young Ladies Bridge Club on yesterday in compliment; to her guest,Miss Foster, of Covington.Mr. Robert M. Hopkins and brightlittle son, Robert M. Hopkins, Jr., arrived Tuesday from Cincinnati to visitMr. and Mrs. Thomas Helm Clay.Mr. Joseph Hildreth and daughter,Mrs. Carrie Fisher, have moved totown from their farm on Cane Ridge,and are living at the Tipton home onHigh street.-Mrs. J. T. Vansant entertainedthe members ot the Sewing Club ather nome on Pleasant street Tuesdaymorning. A tempting luncheon wasserved the guests.Mrs. Emma Fisher and Miss NellieHackett,foC Ruddles Mills, left yesterday t) spend the winter with thedaughter of the former, Miss MaudFisher, at Tampa, Fla.Mrs. John Lyle and Mrs. EllenLyle, of Buffalo, N. Y., who has beenher guest for several, weeks, left yesterdav for Washington, D. C, to visitMr. ano Mrs. Herbert Day.Mrs. Eliazbeth Brocks, who had asevere tall about ten days ago, is improving. Her hip was not broken, aswas at first feared, but the memberwas badly wrenched andSsome of theigaments in the right limb were torn.Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraftand Miss Elizabeth Steele, assistedby Mr. Charlton Clay, dancing withMiss Steele and Mr. Taylorwith MissHutchcraft, will lead the cotillongiven at Elks Hall on Friday. November 29. Saxton's reorganized orchestra will play the music.Among those who attended the reception given by Mrs. Sanford AllenWednesday afternoon at her home inMillersburg were Mrs. C. M. Clay,Mrs. Jesse Turney, Mrs. Amos Turney, Mrs. Clell Turney, Mrs. RudolphDavis, Mrs. W. 0. rlinton and Mrs.Woodford Daniel, of this city.JOJt-.j-ThA ChanceFor a NicePresentAbsolutelyFree of Cost!Among those from this citv whoattended the performance of RichardCarle and Hattie Williams in "TheGirl from Montmartre" at the Leximrton Opera House Wednesday wereMiss Hazel Cottinsham. Mrs. EdwardRassenfoss, Miss Mary Rassenfoss.Mrs. Albert Lyons. Miss Rena Crosdale. Miss Mary Varden. MissfcFranceBChamp, Miss Willie T. Summers, MissAllene Power, Miss Margaret Comack,Mr. and Mrs. John Brennan ; Messrs.George Kiser, John Williams, William Ardery. James O'Brien, EmilRaines. Bruce Miller, L T. Lilleston,P. A. Thompson.lBennett Thomas, Edward Prichard, C. C. Nichols. W. K.Ferguson. C. G . Daugherty, HarryHorton and Henry Perkins.The Progressive Culture Club metWednesday with Mrs. Turney. president, presiding. Three very interesting paners were read and discussed bythe club. They were "Chili," byMrs. Robt. Meteer, "Under ThreeFlags," by Mrs. Lizzie Walker, and"The Footstool of Progress in SouthAfrica" bj Miss Clara Belle O'Neil.At the conclusion of the program andthe literary meeting, tea was servedby a committee of which Mis. J. W.Davis was chairman. The table whereMrs. Thomas Helm Clay poured chocolate was charmingly arrayed anddainty sandwiches and wafers wereserved. There will be no meeting ofeither the Progressive or parliamentary clubs next week, on account ofThanksgiving.IlIWhen You Buy fBeginning next Saturday morning, Nov.23, every 1 00th customer will get a useful present. Comein and let us tell youabout it, and see lotsof pretty things wehave for Christmas.llIfzve please you, tell others;If hot, come and tell us."TryYou Want the Best ForYour Money.our ''Wayne Knit" Hosiery for Ladies"Pony" Stockings for the Children andbe pleased, none better."Henderson" Corsets grace, comfort and durabilityCannot be excelledSpecialsIWe are offering Dress Goods and Novelty Silks aTremendous Reduction. Come lookour tables over.1 00 Pieces of wide 50c fancy Ribbon for Christmas,fancy work, only 25c a yard.W. ED. TUCKER.rIJ0TIGE!'BUTLER'SWILSON'S OLD STAND,Opp. Court House,Paris, KentuckyWe kindly request those wishing;Stone's Rich Fruit Cakefor their ThanksgivingDinner to place their order not later than Tuesday, the 26th.We also wish you to rememberthat we are headquarters forOysters, Celery, Lettuce andother Thanksgiving specialties.S "TViJIT1 -CLi-EZj KZThe Home of Good Things to EatINMMBIit" tomrsI A Progressiveand SolidInstitutionWe Invite You to 'Open anAccount With Us.You Are Assured of FairTreatment.Liberal Accommodations.3 per cent, on Time Deposits.Capital 100,000.00Bourbon Bank &Trust Co.Surplus and Profits... 50,000.00Our Trust Departmentacts as Administrator, Executor, Guardian or Trusteein all trust capacities.v A safe and competentL;J'.Sf9 ?&aiyis'mJ9ea rm-asi. haxrc a.eompaninice-u c9flmy:-Of. eoxtAxSe, yo-u airoixtieiypa.AJ.or Ao yoii can eneAaJLnreieve in having, a nice paAJbor foA. yoxiA ownfamily alb he irrie, and ha hey shoixld -u5e i.dkildAen aAe influenced Ao much by heiA.6-aAro-vLndino.s, and ke be6Msaf o keep he JboxfSa horne niah&, and oxt of. Tni&ehief, i&home aracive and happy foA hem.CLAurayA yoiiA fAiend,:o make(P. S.-off youf-u.Aniku.re byoA any of yall means ae i fromJCol.o-ur friends need neurJsSJ. T. HIINTOIN..N V-rTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOVTMBER 22, 1912I The Baightest Hours ! iof Your Life Should Be I- Spent at Home. JI Light Your Home II With IELECTRICITY!IT V dTIl JLVVT A 1UUU1VU tV X A AAAKinds of Wiring with Promptness at a Reasonable CostPUnna i flu PnirnMOfoial KAnvocanfafivA frk lnllon You With EstimatesParis Gas &L Incorporated ADissolution Sale!Desiring to dissolve partnership, we, the undersigned, will sell at publicoutcry, onWednesday, November 279 1912at 11 o'clock, a. m., on the premises, our farm situated on the Offutt pike,two miles from Leesburg:, Ky.The farm, which was formerly and still is perhaps better known as theDavid Allen farm, contains 183 acres, 100 acresjnow in grass, balance in highstate of cultivation. It is well watered and the fencing is good, beingmostly new woven wire. The improvements consist of a two story frameresidence of 8 rooms, 2 tobacco barns, stock barns, double corn crib andother outbuildings, all in good repair. It is convenient to churches andschools.Any one in the market for a good "farm, well improved, should attendthis sale. This is an opportunity to secure a desirable farm, as it must besold to close out a partnership business.TERMS: Liberal andlmade known on day of sale.A. J. SKILLMAN,Paris. Ky.R, D. RENAKER, Agent,F or farther information address either of above, orParis, KyGeo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.!E-uJblioOFSmall Tract of Well-Improved Land!On Thursday, November 2 1 9 ' 1 2,at 11 a. m., on the premises, T will sell to the highest bidder, my place ofabout 10 acres of land with improvements, situated 5 miles from Paris, ontha Redmon pike.. The improvements consist of a frame residence of 6 rooms, cellar, No. 1cistern, pool, tobacco barn 40x120, and all necessary outbuildings, all ingood repair. It is well fenced and has some fruit trees.The land is all deep, rich soil, very productive and admirably adaptedfor a market garden. It is on a good road, in a splendid neighborhood andan ideal little home.Anyone in the market for a small place should not fail to see this one.TERMS Made known on day of sale.W. M. JACOBS.For farther information address Harris & Speakes. Paris, Ky.12-3t GEO D. SPEAKES, Auct.TOSPECIAL ROUNDFlorida, Cuba, NewLong Return Limit. Fall Stc-p-Over Prreiioses.-;Three through daily trains to Florida, via Queen & CrescentRoute. Double daily through service to New Orleans. Llzc-trically lighted equipment, including Pullman Drawing-K comSleeping Cars, Dining Cars, and Da- Coaches.For details call on any Ticlzet Acnt, Oueen & Crescent Route, oi - ly toH. C. KING, Passenger & Ticket Asent, 101 E. Main St., Lexington, lly.EnssaKsSpecial Prices. ForBeef Hides UntilFurther NoticeWe payl21-2c for green; beef hides. Call us up. or bring it to our place.I ."MAX MUNICK,Sth Strt, PARIS, KYCall East Term, Phone 374and Full Information.Electric Co.Leesburg, Ky.Harris & SpeakesiSaleWinter Tourist TiwNOW ON SALSALL WINTER KESOST3- TRIP FARES TOOrleansjjKra3J25SsswShipp's LinimentQuickly relieves rheumatism, neuralgia, backache, headache and otherpains. A reward.of $100 will be paidif it fails and the purchase price is notrefunded. Try it and see. 50 cents atall druggists.Lost.A pair of child's goldrimmed glasseswith hooks that fasten over ears were''St on streets of Paris between Hiirgins avenue and the residence of Thos.ArKie in Eiast. jfaris.return to News office.Finder Dlease15 3tBI ft 4-V - t yfcjT?"f . ,-Simple Club 'Doing."While Mrs. W. wai busy in Iterkitchen preparing the light refrehmentg for her bridge club, which includes the more well-to-do of the neighboring county, Sally Hill, a poor farmer's child, came in with a donation ofhome-made pickles. "My mother belongs to a club, too," said Sally. "Doeashe? And what do they do? Playcards?" "No." "Sew?" "Oh, no;they just draw names out of a hat tosee who'll have the next meeting."Woman and Suffrage.If a woman demands votes, officesand political equality with men, asamong the Shakers an elder and elderess are of equal power and amongthe Quakers it must not be refused.It is very cheap wit that finds it sodroll that woman should vote. RalphWaldo Emerson.New Art Store!I Ihave opened an ArtStore next to Mrs. M. A.Paton. New and freshstock of all kinds offancy workEmbroidery,Pillow Cases,Towels,Underwear,Waists, Etc.Novelties of all KindsStamping Done on ShortNotice Everythingguaranteed to be theUtJbLi .......mr$.f.e. Boardand Orchestra.112 West Main St.LEXINGTON, KY.Music For All OccasionsTELEPHONES: New185 and 638; Old,221.Only such music willbe supplied as will bea pleasure to our patrons and a credit tothe organization.ADMINISTRATORS' SALE-OF-Stock, Crop, Farminglmplements,tiousehold Goods, Etc.As administrators of the estate ofH. G. Hopkins, deceased, we will sellat public auction on the premises onthe Stnngtown pike, 10 miles ceast ofParis onFriday, Nov. 29, at 10 a. m.,the following described property, towit: 1 6 year old mare.1 weanling colt,1 2 year old gelding,1 brood mare,1 pair 3 year old draft horses '1 3 year old draft mare.1 family mare,20 yearling cattle,1-2 interest in 9 hogs,7 ftock shoats,1 brood sow, -'1 4 year old Jersey cnw.62 head stock ewes bred.4 head heifer cows, dry,1 heifer calf,1 Eet break harness, x .-1 set buggy harness,1 lot wagon gears,1 saddle, '1 McCormick binder.1 riding cultivator, , C ; .1 walking cultivator.2 sleds, 1 break cart,1 hsrrow.l wheat drill.1 buggy, 1 wagon,1 hay frame, 1 hay rake,1 McCormick mower,1 Stivers stripper and comb, 1 newcomb,Lot of other small farm tools.Some milled oats.1-2 of two rickB of hay,1-2 interest 330 shocks corn in field,1-2 interest in 4,000 sticks of unstripped tobacco,Lot of household and kitchen furni-ture anc' small farm tools.TERMS All sums $25 and undercash ; all over payable March 1, 1913,negotiable note payable at Agricultural Bank.J.H.HOPKINS,D. W.. ESTILL.. Administrators.George &. Speakes. Auctioneer.LexingtonMilitaryBonmyc v- 'J 4' " V " AParis Citizens' Experiences Furnish Topic for Paris Discussion. The following experience occurredin Paris. A Paris citizen relates it.Similar experiences are occurringdaily.Paris people are being relieved.Getting rid of distressing kidneyills.Try Doan's Kidney Pills, the testedQuaker remedy.Paris people testify, Paris peopleprofit.The evidence is home evidence theproof convincing.Paris testimony is gratefully given.Paris sufferers should heed it.Mrs. Hodge821 West street. Pari3,Ky., says: "Doan's Kidney Pillswere beneficial in my case and ;I canrecommend them. I had dizzy andnervous spells and my back and headached, showing that my kidneys wereweak. When I saw Doan's KidneyPills advertised, I obtained some andthey gave me entire relief."For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster-Mil burn Co., Buffalo,New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the name Doan's andtake no other.On Tour.The Actor "What is poetry of motion?" The Poet "The kind that's always going from editor to editor."Woman's Home Companion.Had to Know the Time."I understand," said the judge, "thatyou stole the watch of the doctor whohad just written a prescription foryou at the free dispensary. Whathave you to say to this charge?""Well, your honor," said the prisoner,"It is true, but I found myself in ahole. His prescription said a spoonfulevery hour, and I had no watch."To Make Tires of Paper.Experiments have recently beenmade in Europe looking to the utilization of paper in the manufacture ofpneumatic tires.-tests recently madehaving convinced the experimentersthat paper has the strength of metal,the elasticity of rubber, and a cheapness that is to be found in neither ofthese materials: all important qualities. Thief-Proof Umbrella.An umbrella made thief-proof bybeing locked in such a manner thatit cannot be opened has been invented by a London cloak-room attendant,the locking device consists of a metalcollar, one end of which may beslipped down over the rib-tips, andis securely locked to them by revolving the three metal rings. Theserings bear the letters and numeralsof the secret combination.Beauty in Expression.If the great number of women whobelieve that they are sadly lackingin beauty "who pass valuable time andmoney in vainly trying to acquire itcould but be brought to realize thatthe highest form of beauty is thatof expression! This is attained by thepossession of inward graces, whichfrequently transform a so-called plainface into one more beautiful and winning than the combination of a perfect complexion and regular features.Painful Discovery."Well," said the dentist as with asteel instrument he tapped Mr. Ackin's tooth, "I told you when I putthat crown on that it might give youtrouble. I never guarantee a crowned tooth." "Oh, I know. I wish I'dhad the blame thing pulled!" moanedMr. Ackins sadly. "I've found out tomy sorrow that uneasy rests the tooththat wears a crown!"Must Be Warned.The Prussian building code has justreceived a rather remarkable amendment. It provides that the huts forthe use of laborers connected withbuilding operations must be suitablywarmed between November 1 andApril 1 when the outside temperaturereaches fourteen degrees, that is,eighteen below freezing.Certain Cure ForsTona Vita Overcomes the Trouble in a Few Weeks Time.There is a remedy that is absolutelycertain to build up those suffering.;from a run down condition. This remedy is considered the most successfulmedicine ever sold to the public inthis country. It is called Tona Vitaand it is fast becoming 'a nationaltonic, endorsed by physicians everywhere. If you are debilitated, tire easily,have little strength or ambition andare nervous and depressed, get a bottle of Tona Vita at once. You will bedelighted to feel your old health andstrength returning in a few weeks'time. If you have lost esb, note, yourweight before takiner and then get onthe scales a week later. You will beastonished.Tona Vita is aold by Chas. E. Eutler&Co. 1FOB PARIS PEOPLE.NervouebilityCurtis Henry & Co.,Groceries, Drygoods, Fresh and CuredMeats, Vegetables, Fruits, Etc.Both Phones 442Wc Want Your Trade on the Merits of Our Goods.Everything Ve Sell is Guaranteed.Our accommodations are the best in town -Anew Auto Delivery, 'Polite'fAttention andAlways a Special Effort to Please : : : :A Few Things Others Haven't Might Interest You:Cream Flour, French Bread,; Golden SunCoffee, Sweet-Orr Overalls, American BeautyCorsets, Royal Tailoring and many'othersltoonumerous to mention. Give us a trial.Yours for morelbusiness.CURTIS HENRY CO.Cor. 1 4th and MainLNew Fall Suits Arriving:! -"' 'if?Suh JSCtlLOSSBROSSCO I ,," , VM r'i 1f ht lleUej Hker v-$SgK. .. B!Hre lid Kcw Tcrll"" - ' 'TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L. Wollstein, Proprietor.ttaMMasat Burley Tobacco GrowersBoost Your Own BrandsWe, as you know, are using your " choicest tobacco in" thebrands of Strater Bros.' Branch, and you know that nobody growsbetter tobacco than you do. You know how we manufacture, soyou know that these brands are perfection. Now we want you tohelp us sell these brands this year even better than our bestDrevious years. The reasons you should so help are as follows:You Are Part OwnerThe fact that you grow the tobaccomakes you part ownerof all thesebrands.Every time that one sells you profit.Every word that you say in favor of anyhelps to increase those sales. Everybrand that you buy for your own usehelps make those profits better. All ourinterests your interests and ours arepooled in these several tobaccos. It islogic that you should bend all of yourefforts, however small, in the selling.The United Power of40,000 Buyers40,000 men in a section wield an enormous buying influence. If all ask forthese brands when they buy tobaccothere results a gigantic sale. And bigsales are the best advertising known.To Dpnlevz f Dealers throughout the United States know these famous tobaccos.w 1cutCi d They are Nation-wide seller? popular brands. They are helping thesedealers to prosper. They are made from the pick of the famous crops of 40.000 growers.Every one of these growers is boosting them all. So are all of their friends. This method isbringing: the profits to dealers to those who sell these brands. Are they working for yourHere arethemUd.fragrantsmokingbrands-GOLDEN GLOW PENNY POST FULL PAY.Here are the delicious chewing branda-INDEX-BY JOE TWIST-CUP-DAY'S WORK-ON THESQUARE-TORCHLIGHT-STRATER'S NATURAL LEAF.Put them into your stock. See how they sell.STRATER BROS. TOBACCO COMPANY BRANCHBURLEY TOBACCO COMPANY, Incorporated, Louisville, Ky,Helps a Judge in Bad Fix.Justice Eli Cherry, of Gillis Milk,Tenn., was plainly worried. A badsore on his leg had baffled several doctors and long resisted all remedies."I thought it was a cancer,"he wrote."At last I used Bucklen's Arnica Salveand was completely cured." Curesburns, boils, ulcers, cuts, bruises ndpiles. 25 cents at Oberdorfer's. 1Poor Pursuer of Pleasures."It's the only pleasure I have inlife," said an English hawker, in explaining to a magistrate his love ofbeer.Truth.A mood is that which; turns yesterday's truth into today's falsehood-Life.mmammi"mimDailySchloss Bros., & Co..,k.,: Baltimore, Md.,x Hand Made SuitsAre Here DirectFrom The TailorsHands. . .We are showing the new Plum,.Carnation, Grey and Browns, theprices very reasonable, 15 to 25..All Wool Fall Suits, newestshades at. . . .10, 12.50 and 15.rOurJFallLine of Haws VomGol Hats $ Douglass Shoes andTiwn Bros., Special Shoes are arriving daily.The showing we are making:for Fall is in every way up to thehighest class, our prices are morereasonable than elsewhere.Smokers and chewers flock to brandsthat they see the most people buying.40,000 steady users indirectly make 40,000 more. Get them for Strater Bros."Branch Brands the brands that yougrow for by using these brandsyourself..Tell Every FriendTell your friends of these brands. Tellthem what you know of the tobacco. Tellthem you grow it and smoke and cheztrit yourself, so you know. Tell them itcomes from Kentucky, from the centerof the richest Burley sections. Let themknow it's the cream of your crops andthat they can buy these brands from'most any dealer, because dealers knowthat these brands are the best they canbuy.Burley growers should be Burley Boosiersand the best way to boost is to BUY BurleyYOUR OWN BRANDS-YOURSELF.(2)The boy's appetite is often thesource of amazement. If you wouldhave such an appetite take Chamberlain's Tablets. They not only create ahealthy appetile, but strengthen thestomach and enable it to work naturally. For sale by all dealers.Pretty Sure.Whenever a man is threatened bythe deep sea he is pretty sure to find:the devil on the other side of him.What Texans Admireis hearty.Jvigorous life, according toHuccH Tallman, of San Antonio. "W'sfind," he writes, "that Dr. Kingn'dNew Life Pills surely put new life abeenergy into a person. Wife and Ilieve they are th best made." Excellt nt for stomach, liver or kidney troub'ea. 25 cents at Oberdorfer's.- - ' - ,' -,V-- --L.'Vv t - -v v' ".-'.vy ."rj1 ).A-'"'-N -r-y:- .NTHE BOURBON flEjfe3BfflST ICEJTTOckYeVEMBiR 2 1912- iV Vper MIR!cenUi.wto$foW. KING & SON,12S Cheapslde. Lexington, Kv$100 Reward.Will be paid to J" any person havingany kind of pain or ache if Shijtp'sLiniment fails to give instant raftefand the purchase price is not rtfaoded. Try it and see. 50c at all druggists.- -i . ''u5 v-V' ?-v t: ? - -''a Lr- m i"ll"lg'IMBIMI'MMI,,M"'--:ilJu-:- fr" . --."" "" """"" """" " " "1 1 PiSSyfiyi iSikrW JMsM This is the otore that will brainyI SSfHw- xy K SirlBto Your Home-Wish the Home WishI fillip ' JO of Every One,Haven't you often thought as you have been workiug away, pegging away hard all day how nice it would be if; after the weary day'swork is done, you could go to a home all YOUR own? &&&& 'How nice and wonderful it would be to be able to forget the worries and hardships forget them in the happiness of home life? HZHS.Often you have thought these thoughts wished that the thoughts might be gratified and not knowing perhaps not realizing that the ability to gratify, IS within easy reach.u Within easy reach your easy reach easier than you can possibly imagine, and that wish gratifier, YOUR wish gratifier, is this store. Come then, ALL who have thehome wish the home" longing. It will be our pleasure to gratify it. Beautiful furnishings most reasonably priced to completely furnish YOUR home just as YOU want it.Terms of payment to suit YOUR convenience.iiiniBffliI fal llulllH ffl rjKITCHENCABINETS.Now is the time tomake your Christmas selection and have themset aside.UP TODining Table.$6.25.A heavy, massive table,fine quarter-sawed oakhandsomely polished--agood $10.00 value for$6.25.H HB IfMISSIONROCKER$4.25.Its like the cut in style,heavy oak frame, missionfinish, leatherette seat, adandy article for the money,couldn't be duplicated elsewhere for less than $8.00.Lei this Trade Mark, "Buck's,"be your guide in choosing your newSiove or Range.Were first cost or purchase pricethe only cost to be considered inthe purchase of a new stove orrange, others might be given dueconsideration, but when first costor purchase price is but a drop inthe bucket compared to the cost tofollow, ' 'Buck's' should be giventht consideration.'Actual cost of a stove or range ismeasured not by dollars and centsoriginally paid for the stove, but bythe years of continuous service thatit renders to the user. By the costof fuel that it consumes, often increased materially by poor stoveconstruction, eliminated entirely in"Buck's" by careful and painstaking construction.Dependable material, careful and painstaking construction reduce the actualcost of "Buck's" to the minimum. Actualcost, the only coot to be considered, thenmakes your choice of a "Buck's" imperative. "Buck's" are built for beauty, convenience, durability and economy as noother stoves or ranges can possibly bebuilt. Sent to your home on 30 days' trial.After that, $1.00 cafeh and $1.00 per week.wTJiPk ifck- Ti JPamamamMorris Ghairs$9.75.It's like the cut instyle, heavy oak frame,Chase mission finish,leatherette back andseat, a dandy article for themoney, couldn't be duplicatedelsewhere for less than $15.00.Verna MartinIron BedWe are showing a verylarge assortment of thesebeds. A bed that canhardly be distinguishedfrom brass.S8.T5 TO S16.00.HIKitchen TableSl.TS.And it's a good tablewell made and substantiallegs well seasonedhardwood top, washablebass wood one goodroomy drawer thereintop, 24x36 inches. It's a mighty good value and one notto be duplicated anywhere.'While they last,$1.75 eachA. F. WHEELER & CO" ?MAINCHAS. GREEN, MANAGER.OPP. COURT MOUSE'It Makes the Hens Lay "GrZnnd Bone!Ground Daily byOur ElectricBone Grinder.Ask Us About It!gslexLThe Butcher.D.1tll. mmM FfIflriftMn."Hay you decided how you are go-Jing to yoter' "Yea; wit i cnan,ethe subject. There's o reason why,you &mL I should not continue to hefriendEscapes an Awful Ftc.A thousand tongues could not express the gratitude of Mrs. J. E. Cox.of Joliet, III., tor her wonderful deliverance from an awful fate. "Typhoidpneumonia had left me with a dreadfulcough." she writes. "Some timeshad auch awful coughing spells Ithought I wpuld die. I could get nohelp from doctor's treatment or otnermedicines till used Dr. King's NewDiscovery. But I owe my life to thiswonderful remedy for I scarcely coughat all now." Quick and safe, its themost reliable of all throat and lungmedicines. Every bottle guaranteed.50 centu and $1. Trial bottle freee.Perfect Compliment.We please ourselves that in you wemeet one whose temper was longsince tried in the fire, and made equalto all events; a man so truly in lovewith the greatest future that he cannot be diverted to any less. RalphWaldo Emerson.There could be bo better raedieinethan Chamberlain's Cough' Remedy.My children were all sick with whooping couch. One of them was in- bed,hd a hiah fever aid w as coughing upMed. Our doctor gave tfctwZbam-heriaia'i CaH Kttw .mtp we nraaWseed ;. tkwne bottles cured them," tayrMw. RrA. Donaldson,ot Lexington. For sale by alltTlert.The Demons of the Swampare mosquitoes. As they sting theyput deadly malaria germs in the blood.Then .follow the lev chills and the firesof fever. The appetite flies and thestrength fails : 'also malaria oftenpaves the way 'for deadly typhoid. But;Electric Bitters kill and cast out themalaria germs from the blood ; giveyou a fine appetite and renew yourstrength. "After long suffering,"wrote Wm. Fretwell, of Lucama, N.C. "three bottles drove all the malaria from my system, and I've bad goodhealth ever since." Best for all stomach, liver and kidney ills. 50 cents atOberdorfer'a.Died While Decorating Grave.' A painfully sad occurrence tookplace recently in the Belfast Ctycemetery, when an aged man namedCharles Kildea, who was engaged indecorating a grave, suddenly becameill, fell to the ground, and expired Infew moments.Don't waste your money buyingstrengthening pasters. Chamberlain'sLiniment is cheaper and better. Dampen, a piece, of flannel with it and bindit over the affected parts and it willrelwvetbe pain and sor . Forate igr all dealers.Taking No Chances.At a domestic economy lesson, theNorthern. Christian Advocate reports,little Emily was asked to state brieflythe beat way to keep milk from souring. Her answer was certainly brieland to the point. It ran: "You shouldleave it in the cow.". TheBourbon Horse GoodsCo.,Tag, Rag and jfebfall.From tegg or teg- SWBe in the second year of her .agerag, a herd ofdeer at rutting time? boblail, a fawnjust after it has been weaned, and thephrase means an indiscriminate collection of sheep or deerHit Limit.The Father "Can you support mjdaughter in the style to which she hasbeen accustomed?" The Suitor "Yeabut not in the style to which hei .mother and you have been trying tcmake, me think for the past sismonths she has been accustomed."Delicately Expressed.Little Bobby had been eating raspberry pie and had left the marks of itat both sides of his mouth, when alittle friend of three came in and saidto Bobbie's mother: "Mrs. C , canhave some of what Bobbie's got onhis face?"Whale Whips Five Crews.The largest whale ever captured iBthat vicinity was caught in Fred Perez fish nets, near Santa Cruz. Fivelaunches tried to tow the monster tothe pier without success. Nets aniropes broke and the task was abandoned. The whale was fifty feet long.Just About.The man who, for fear of being called a tightwad, deprives the.chidrenjoftheir rhrhfji U shnnt. tha Jni:M..iiable specimen of humanity that eavsoav.awuoMatter of Diet"How do you tell the difference between a yacht and a sailboat?" saidthe girl with the inquiring jnind. "Bylookin' into the pantry," replied Captain Cleet. "If she carries plenty ofrefreshments and seegars, she's ayacht. If it's mostly plain victualsshe's a sailboat." Washington Star.In a Few Days.1 Ikey ".This coat is greea! You saidH vas plum color ven I bought it lasti algfrtt. iWnt t&PM right, atyIncorporated. 5Manufacturers ofHarness, Horse Boots andlLeather Novelties ofv All Kinds,All Orders Promptly Executed "AndX&Work Guaranteed.No. 304 Main Street-.Repairing of All Kind DoneWhile You WaitOpp Court HouseSam'l kerslake&Son, AParis, - KentuckyHorse Shoeing,Machine Shop,Automobile Repairinga Specialty.SPTCurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at ftHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Patronage Solicited.9Stop That Ache.Any ache or pain in anyfoart of itobody can be relieved with Shif'sQuick Relief Liniment. $100 rewardif it fails and tbe purchaseprice is Mtrenfnded. Try Jtand see. 50 centa atall druggists.FOR SALEriA lot containing two booeee. Ap -DlytoMKS. ELIZA AYERS.,8 3t , 11302 Cypres Street.Hot and ColdBATH SHot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Pelitbarbers always ready to wait oa thtrade. No long waits. You are mmUM. A. KAHAL-New Shoe ShineParlors.Ed. Parker IThe popular Elevaior BotJhIJanitor at the AgrioiWfalBank; has opened a ihm 1Mbing Parlor in tbe kallway irf-fceBank aad will be glad to w&toa im immikj in tnia' the city.Ycwr Pa'roaaf Is SnltiHiLs'THE BOURBON NEWS; PARIS, KENTUCKY,. NOVTMBER 22, J912s'v1-J-1nGEOTW.F8NEEAL DIRECTOR ANDBOTH'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 399.aMMBOHHHHB MMM aMIMM MiMiMMBIIZbc Borne of Cornet Tootwcar'1DAN! BUYT-We are now offering extraordinarygreat values in high-grade Fall andWinter Shoes and Rubbers . .Now is your opportunity to layin a supply of Winter Shoes andRubbers. Our stocks are completein every detail, We have everything that is correct in style andworkmanship.Buying, as we do, in large quantities, ,we areble to -offer you this footwear at a great reductioni prices.The very t in footwear atcost of ordinary shoes elsewhere.Read These Items Carefully:ILadies7 Custom Made, latest style Footwear, madema a broad, mannish effect, the most popularstyles this season. Made inPatent and Russia Tan, $4Ladies' Gun Metal and Patent Trooper 4Boots- Special .PBoys' School Shoes thatTarn, Gun Metal and Box Calf, button 4ansliace, $2.50 values. Special PGrowing Girls' School Shoes, 1 6 button 4Boats. Special iMen's genuine Goodyear Welt Shoes, made in allpopular toes in Tan, Gun Metal and .99Patent, button and lace. Special &MmMen s High-grade HuntingjmdiBlacik. .SpecialBuy the Best Shbes For YourMoney. We Have a Grteat Assortment of Walk-Over"Ynd "Bea99Shoes. Wecona i rDAN COHEN,336: Main St., Paris, Ky.IXDAVISLICENSED E1BAL1EI.MMBMCOEHN!III 2 syNOW!Ilessthan actualGun Metal, fl 1.99S2values, at.99will stand roughwear m99.24Boots, TanrS3.49Are Sole Agents.Is , "V -.. j f- r ' r -(Uounua-i?iom rfe-ij x-- jjypssTHERE IS NO TIME, . .LIKE THE PRESENT.that candidate tells a person herself.No one knows not even the campaign manager for no record is keptof the votes issued and given to thecontestants. All we know is the number of votes that are put in the ballotbox, and this standing is published inthe paper each issue. The campaignis run on a fair and square basis, andevery candidate will have impartialtreatment. The candidates who getthe most votes on subscriptions willbe the owners of the valuable prizesafter the campaign is over.SPECIAL INDUCEMENT.As a special inducement for newsubscribers, the contestants are authorized to make the following offer:Every person who subscribes for theBourbon News between now and theclose of the contest will have his subacrintion dated in advance from January 1. 1913.iCFor,instance, if a person paid twodollars'today, his subscriDtion wouldbe paid to Januaiy 1. 1914. and hewould get all the papers between nowand the first of the year free.All persons who are in arrearsafter the contest closes will be cut offthe list. A recent ruling of the postoffice department forces the newspapers tOjkeep their subscriptions paidin advance." Otherwise they will losetheir low mail rate and' be forced topay first class postage.TWO SPECIAL PRIZES.Have you seen the two handsomeFountain Pens which are on display atthe News office, and which will begiven away as special prizes to thetwo contestants who turn in the moatmoney on subscriptions between nowand the close of the contest? 'All subscriptions turned in on these specialprizes will also. count on the regularDrizes.STANDING OF CONTESTANTS.The list of candidates and rthe ''number of votes each has will be printedin this paper each issue. Votes mustbe in this office at noon previous to theday of publication. Votes coming inafter that time will be published inthe next issue.DISTRICT NO. 1VotesRobfc. A. Rose 248,650Miss Ida Paynter 240,45oMiss Hazel Duvall 221,625Oi P. Carter, Jr186,075Miss Frances KenneyMis3 Flora HillMrs. Lizzie BurkeWm. CooperMiss Matilda James. .Miss Mary BrownMiss Bob MorrisCarley B. ScottMrs. Leer Stout.Miss Elsie Thomas. . .Charlie Grinnan.185,625161,625127,550103,12557,32550,32548,12529,9757,5504,954,375DISTRICT NO. 2.Miss Lillie Martin .248,650Miss Shady Shanks....... -123,875Mrs Win. Faris :'.,. 175,075Misi Sajlie K. Peterson '' 116,425MissiLaura Bell Faulconer '98,25uMrs; Clark Leer '. 58,175Mis& Willie McNamara ,50,100Mrs. Berb Rash . . : 47,950Miss Ida Beir Tate .....'.., 39,125Miss Ida Camber, : . ... . 11,825MissWilLJ&vis Judy 6,650Mrs. XqmVMussinon. ...... s 3,925SCHEDULE OF VOTES,On Old Subscriptions Noy."'19th toDecember 2nd,' inclusive?. ' v12 Years f 22uQ0,10 Years ..,...:.. .187,0008 Years . V.. . . . . .151,5005 Years V. 95,0004 Years .v 75,0003 Years : 55 2002 Years ? 36,5001 Year 17,8006 Months 8,600SCHEDULE OF VOTESOn New Subscriptions.12 Years 248,00010 STears . . .. 207,0008 Years 167,5005 Years : .-.... 105,0094. Years. . . .' 88,000. 3 Years...-: v 61,200' 2 Years i 40,5001. Year . 19,8006 Months 0,600Furniture, Carpets, Etc,See the new furniture, carpets, rugsand pictures that we are receivingdaily. "We' can make a wonderfulchange in the home for a little money.See us before purchasing.J. T. HINTON.$50.00 TO $100.00 A MONTHr yetirpare tin-Bxperlence n6t needAft. Want an aettv man In thla locality.T nitroinc us to ymir friends. We paytaveat oaah teenetfta vrtitn. sick, Injured,a at death, tT smallest cost. Free-In-vranceand Cash-Benus offer to first applicant from this place. Write quick forparticulars.THE I-L-U 835, Covington, Ky.25 VOTEFill out as directed and send to the Campaign Manager, THE BOURBON NEWS, Paris, Ky. Votes cannotbe bought. They must be cut from THE BOURBONNEWS or secured on subscriptions.' Not Good After November 30GREAT AUTOMOBILE AND PRIZECAMPAJGNThis Coupon will Count for 25 VOTES 'For.Dist. No,Address. .M4HnHMHBfJMaMMaMseMaBMMBaMB0Pi-rilLLttSBWia ITEMS.t.r4A'pret$'averjt tne ?eson wastlie reception given by Mrs. S. M . Allen Wednesday afternoon for Mesdames Harrv Leton, A. S Miller andIrvine Horn back, of Hew York. TheAllen home on Main street, a statelymansion of English architecture, wasthe scene of the delightful occasion.The sDacious front hall was decorated with potted plants and ferns.The guests were received by Mrs. C.M. Best, who ushered them into thepresence of the receiving line, whichoccupied the position of the drawingroom. The entire house was darkened and softly illuminated with pinkcandles in silver candelabra.The decorations in the drawing roomwere pink. The receiving line wasmade up of the following: MesdamesS. M. Allen, Harry Letton, A. A.Miller, M. C. Grimes, Irvine Hornback and J. K. Bush, the last twonamed being from New York andLexington respectively. Others assisting in entertaining were Miss Bettie Vimont and Mrs. L. R. Rogers.From here the guests were usheredby Mrs. Owen Ingels into an adjoiningroom where tea and sandwiches wereserved. Here the decorations wereyellow with large yellow crysanthemums on tne center table. MesdamesMattie Purnell, W. S . Judy, O. M.Johnson and Miss Lannie Laysonserved the guests with , tea and sandwiches, after which theyg were escorted to the beautitul and spaciousdining room. The table was coveredwith cluny lace over pink with abunch of pink chrysanthemums as acenterpiece. Cut class comports wererilled with pink Jconiections. Brickcream and individual cakes in pinkwere served.One of the most nleasant featuresconnectedwith the afternoon was thebeautiful musical program renderedby Miss Esther K. Nell, violinist, incharge of tne stringed instrument department of the M. 'tF. C, accompanied by Capt. Howard Freas, pianist,of M. M. I. More than one hundredguests called during the hours.Mrs. W. G. Dailey is improvingfrom a recent illness.Mr. J. G. Smedley and Mrs. SallieBest continue quite ill.Mrs. Duke Jones, who is under treat-'ment at St. Joseph Hospital, Lexington, is improving.The ladies of the Presbyterianchurch wil have a Thanksgiving saleWednesday Nov. 27, at 10 o'clock.Messrs. W. D. Molntyre and J. C.Leer attended the ODening of the looseleaf tobacco market at LexingtonTuesday.Mr. S. A. Shanklin, of Mayslick.was here Tuesday and purchased anumber of feed cattle from Mr. A. T.Moffett.Mrs. V. L. Barton will entertainthis afternoon from 2 to 4 for Mrs.Earl Barton.' Sir, Knight and Mrs. 'P. L. Dimmittattended the K.T. banquet at CarlisleWednesday night.Elder T. H. Tinsley. of Lexington,will preach at the Christian churchSunday morning and evening.Rev. J. D. Redd and Dr. C. C. Fisher attended a missionary meeting ofthe M.tE. church, South, at Corinth,Tuesday and Wednesday.Black onyx breast pin with gold leafset with pearls, between the Baptistchurch and Paris cemetery, binderplease return toMRS. M. W. BARLOW.Mr. J. J. Lvnch. of Paris, managerof the Buibon Home Telephone Co ,in Bourbon, was in town Tuesday andWednesday, laying out the new tolllines.Amity Lodge No. 40 F. and A. M.,m-t in regular session xuesaay mgnr,and ac the close of the "meeting alunch was served. A male quartettewill soon be organized by the lodge.Col. and Mrs. C. M. Best received aJptter recently from ex-Cadet DavidMunch, who is now a student at theLeland Stanford University of California, in which he says there arethree ex-cadets of M. M. I., now inthe institution.NOTICE-Dr. B. M. Shiveof Paris,will preach at First Presbyterianchurch, Millersburg, Sunday morningat 11 o'clock, and will preside overconrgegational meeting after servicesfor the purpose of calling a pesror.A. T. MOFFEIT,vClerk of Session.The cadets of M. M. L will pat ontheir beautiful rural drama, "Diamonds and Hearts' on the evening ofDecember 13. and aie now rehearsing.They are assisted by Misses Ruth McClintock, Martha Smith, Nettie Hurst'and Elizabeth Ingels.Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Stewart returnedfrom Carlisle Tuesday, where theyhave been since the opening of theturkey season. Mr. Stewart havingcharge of the pens of Brent & Bro.,of (Paris. The turkey season closedhere Monday for Thanksgiving andBrent & Bro. shipped 7,342 birds tothe Eastern market from this point.Hams, turkeys, chickens, cakep, pies,etc. 22 3tThe protracted meeting at theJMeth-COUPONt-aRoyalBakingPowderAbsolutely PuretanlyBakingPowdermadefrom Royal GrapeCream otTartarlealiiialitiesodist church continues to increase ininterest. Large crowds are in attendance, especially at the evening services. Rev. Wimberlay is preachingtwice a day and producing good results.The meeting will continue over Sunday. Mrf. Emma'T. Long returned homeWednesday after several weeks' visitto her son, Mr. Bright Loner, in Indianapolis, Ind.Mr. and Mrs Carn'ntpr returned titheir home in VersailleE yesterdayafter a visit to their daughter, Mrs. J.S. Williamson.Mr. D .C. Clark, who has been thegueat of his parents, Mr. and Mrs. J.S. Clark, for the past two weeks, returned Tuesday to his home in Louisville. The ladies of Millersburg are cordially invited to call at the new ArtStore next to MrB. Paton's in Paris.All kinds of novelties and fancy work.New stock fresh from the Easternmarket.S:oesFor Gentlemen.See the Bostrnian shots for$4 and $5 at Feld's Shoe Store.men attfRELIGIOUS.Services Sunday morning at 10:45in the Baptise church and at 7 o'clockin the evening. Rev.'E. M. Lightfootwill preach in the morning on "la theBible Neglected?" and at night on"Two Corrupt Priests All invitedto these services.$15for this genuineVictor-VictrolaYes sir, a genuineVictor-Victrola for $15.Hardly seems possible,and yet this new instrument embraces all thef u n d a'm e n t a 1 VictorVictrola principles.And the un equaledVictor-Victrola tonethats the most importantthing of all.Come in today andhear it no obligation tobuy, but you won't wantto do without one.Other styles $25 to $250.Victors $10 to $100. Easy termsif desired.DaugbertyBros.-,s&$f-WU-tIs"'jo theWall Paper.The'largest and best stock of wallDaper in Central Kentuckv to selectfrom, ranging in price from the cheapest to the handsomest that can be hadany place. Expert decorators thatwill give satisfaction. Work guaranteed. J. T. HINTON.Local Warehouse Opens Dec. 1.1 he large tobacco warehouse of theBourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co., inj Barns Addition is rapidly nearinc completion; ine next rew days will ne nn-der cover. It is the opinion that thebuildine will be ready for opening thefirst week in December.Manager Kenney Nichols has beenadvised by all the leading manufacturers in the country that they willhave representatives on the local market. To facilitate the handling and shipDing of the tobacco the Louisville andNashville Railroad Co. has under ceastruction a sidetrack running into theimmense warehouse.All of the brick and concrete workon the building has been completed,and only a small portion of the rootingnow remains to be finished. Macadaraized,tJriveways leading from Barnsavenue to the building were finishedteveral days ago.With the completion of the sturctureonlv a few days off, all that remainsto complete a successful opening willbe a season for the handling of tobacco. The local house with its manyfacilities will command a great percent of the tobacco raised in this section, and it is expected that crop3 fromall the adjoining counties will be placed on the local market.Large Sum'Inheritance Tax.The largest tax judgment ever rendered in the Montgomery County Couthas just been prepared by the efficientCounty Attorney, Earl W. Senff, flxing the inheritance tax due from theestate of the late Henry C. Hall, whadied some time ago in that county.The amount paid was $5,524.25. Ofthi sum not one cent is secured by thecounty, the entire amount going intothe handB of the State.For Sale.Three volumes of History of Kentucky and Prominent Kentuckians.Handsomely bound and illustrated.Justrecently published. Cost $25,0;will sell to first person bringing 12.56.Books on display at News office. tfFOR RENT.Desirable first floor front room forrent to gentleman. Private entrance.Five minutes walk from court house.Call E. T. Phone 591. 12 3tNATIONAL5c and 10c StorePicturesFramed toOrderSee Us For BargainsNational 5c and 10g StoreWatch OurWindcws.s