THEBOURBONNEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, APRIL 19, 1912IA GREAT SALEOF SILKSA large shipment of Silks which were lost in transportation, will be put on sale " this week at a sacrifice, as wewere obliged to buy other silks in the place of thesegoods in order to supply our trade. We are now forcedto sell out this shipment at sacrifice prices to close themout.Cheney" Bros.' Showerproof Hks9Regular $1 quality, at 50c per yard.Fancy Foulards, 50c and 60c quality,at 35c per yard.Checked and Striped Taffetas, 50cand 6Qc quality, at 35c per yard.Come Early and Get Choice of These Handsome Patterns.iTbe Simon Department Store,Paris, KentuckyAgents for .McCall Patterns, Werner Bros.' Rust-ProofL Corsets, Eiffel Brand Hosiery, Gage-Bros.' Hats. .IFor People Whowant to Live Welland Save Money,See LENIHAN.16 lbs. Granulated Sugar...... $1.003 lb can Asparagus .... 20c2 cans good Corn ; . . .-1 5cNavy Beans, per lb . 6c3- tie Broom 35c4- tie Broom or Parly Queen v 45cv.10 bars Cardinal Soap r. 25cThe best Coal Oil, per gallon 1 OcBLUE RIBBON FLOUR25-lb Sack v 70c50-lb Sack $1 .401 0O-lb Sack . , . . . $2.75T. C. LENIHAN,Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234Bad Weather Prevents Practice.The bad weather which has prevailed almost all of the week has prevented the members of the Paris base ballteam from practice and the suddenchange yesterday from warm springlike weather to that which resembleswinter has kept the men close in-doors-.The first part of the week bore the appearance of real base ball weather andManager Lewis had the men out Monday and Tuesday, morning and afternoon, for a few hours of work. Heavyrains, however, rendered the groundsunfit for practice, which occasioned alay-off, and the cold spell coming atthis stage will greatly hamper themen in their efforts to get into condition before the opening of the season.Among n.ew arrivals is in theperson of Catcher Pick, of Cincinnati, who came in with Danny Harrell.Pick was recommended by John Scott,a former member of the Paris team.All hnpe of securing Billy Kuhlmanand Olhe Chapman for the coming season has been practically abandoned,as Kuhlman is working at his trade inCincinnati while Chapman us with theCincinnati team of the U. S. League.Both of '"the men have expessed themselves s being unwilling to return toParis this season.Weather permitting the second exhibition game of the season will beplayed at White Park Saturday afternoon between the Climax team of Cincinnati and the locals. The Climaxaggregation is'said to have a fast lotof players and a lively contest ispromised the patrons of the game.Th'e-Cclimax team will also be herefor a game Sunday afternoH. The contest will be called at threer o'clock.Public Sale.Having decided to locate elsewhereI will sell at public auction on Wednesday, April 24, at 2 o'clock my fiveroom cottage in Henry addition. Talkto Harris & Speakes about it.M. H. HIGHLAND.Bargain Sale Glass.Deep eight inch 'cut glass bowls,$1.50.19 2t FORD & CO.Preliminary Increase Made.The State Board of Equalization inBession at Franfort Tuesday made thepreliminary increase in the assessmei tof ihe property of this cojnty, makingan increase of fifteen per cent, on landsand town lots.Lackman Beer.We are now handling the celebratedLackman Golden Age pale bottledbeer. Ask for Lackman and I amsure..you will be satisfied.19 3t ED. SLATIBKY-.Struck by Express Truck.As a result of being struck by an express truck at the L. & N. passengerdepot Monday afternoon, Miss AliceFord ststained painful, but not seriousinjuries. Miss Ford hsd gone to thedepot with her sister, Miss Mary Ford,who was enroute to Lexington, and asthe train pulled out she stepped to theedge of the platform, when she wasstruck by one of the heavy expresstrnrtrs that was beiner tmshed down theoavement. She! was knocked down andrendered unconcious bv the fall. However, in a short time she was able to proceed to her home unassisted. Miss Fordsustained several severe bruises as a result of the accident which fortunatelywere not of a serious nature, and fromwhich she has sufficiently recovered tobe about.Awnings.For business, residence and porchawnings and shades call . MHIJ. J. ELLIS,Both Phones 207IBVTRAGOOJ)The XTRAGOOD LabelMakes Satisfaction Sure.Sailor, Russian and Junior suits, pretty cheviots,worsteds and serges, newest combinations for Springwear, large graceful collars,silk ties, trousers lined.Most artistic designs on themarket, 2 1-2 to 10years .$5.00Boys' two-piece doublebreasted and Norfolk suits,plain two-piece suits withfull lined "knickers:" also? .Norfolk and " knicker "trousers; new Spring styles,large variety of styles andchecks. A very popularstyle for this season, durable serge linings. Allthe style and appearance of much higher-pricedclothing; sizes 7 to -17 years $7.50PRI6E& 60. GlowersBoots, Oxfords and Pumps.Plentv of white Newbuck boots forInHi'pq fll.qn nx fnrns and DumDS. 'nownn nnlA nf FeHs' Shoe Store. tfUp to the Minute.It costs no more to have an up-to-date papered rooms, than the old styleif you coma to16 2t BORLAND'S.Election Will Be Held Earlier.The election of teachers in thecounty schools will be held this yearon the first Saturday in June, muchearlier than heretofore, and applications for positions should be made Befro fknf Hmp. Countv Suoerintendcnt Misa Mabel Robbins is in receiptnf CI n, n V Of ihe new school laws passori hv fhp. recent legislature, whichchanges the date of election from thelast Saturday in June lo uie nrsi swiiivd'nr in's that month. The amendedUlUH ... - -ia oa fnllnws?"Tfhfill he the duty of the sub-r airini trustee to nominate and rccon-mend in writing to the divisionbeard, one or more teachers for eachschcol in his sub-district, and withnnmmai inns and rEoommeRdatnnhp.shnil cunvev the teacher's credentials and any objections, remonstrances or petitions that m?y b3 offered inwri.ing, to the election of said teacheror teachers, and the board shall electrr path sub-district a teacber ortpnrhers nominated bv the trusteesthereof when such teacher posessesiUa nnnfioanrv nuali fiiat ions and HO(ilO j -A ....rpnsnnnhle obection is offered.; "Should the' division "board .rtrjectGrivWomination or should any trusteeVail tn nominate a teacher for his subdistrict,-the chairman of the divisionhnarH shall immediately .notify aaiOsub-district, trustee and request fur-ihar nnminatir.ria. The niviaton DO&ruin pnfh educational division shall meetfnf thn eonaideratiori-i.of:'annlicationsunri the election of teachers en thefirst Saturday in June of etch year.""WE KNOW HOWSpecialistsOnMEN'S CLOTHESother Complaints, so why notcome to us and be cured of theClothes troubles which beset youSeason after season?ffWe have studied the science of Iselecting clothes that appeal to Idifferent people, and offer good Avalue and perfect satisfaction.Stetson and Dunlap Hats.iStetson OJ IAn O IKorrect Shape nHl Jr vl IDr.J Reed's Cushion A AVXjKMitchell & Blakemore,Paris, Kentucky0Outfitters to MeniiiiiBiiiii mm mmmmmmmKLaimiiiiuimn; jhiuhiti i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i hi mi i i i i i i i j i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i hi i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i nii miiiiuiu iiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiif mI iemThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.Cordially Invite Your Inspection of TheirComplete Lines of4o- WearReskdvGarments5 .."CNewest Styles inLadies' and Misses' Suitsf Linen Suits and DressesSiaknd Serge Dresses -for Street Wearmmmfci. n C!ri anc Repp Dresses ?y xCfiiffon DancinglDressesReception Gowns and RobesHoisse Dresses in Ginghams and "PercalesSeparate Coats in Siiks, Serges and LinensI y V:Come In and Take a Lo.o .5.jr.Frank & Co.mm - i-v 'BarisiiBk Miwwmmwnhi nHUMns :i;:ni!iiiiiu trtuiixKHHiinMiiiHii Tk iwmhmwminmmiimmm mumwuumumwiw iiiiiMiiiiiiiiWMwMWmMQwwTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 19, 1912.LIFELONG CURES. 5g&5?&(Establish 1892) BY A TRUE SPECIALIST -FOR MEN. (Established 1892)There is absolutely no patchworK about the results of the course of treatment Igive for each of the diseases I make a specialty, for soon after beginning mytreatment every symptom of disease disappears ami the tro'uble never returns.LOWEST CHARGESof Any SpecialistA CERTAINQUICKEST CURESThat Stay CuredCUREis what I will give you if your case is curable ; if not, I will notaccept your money and promise to do anything for you. The bestreferences I could give as to professional reliability are the manycured, satisfied patients I dismiss, which proves that my treatment cures when others fail to even benefit.YOU CAN TABLE 3IY TREATMENT WITHOUT A CENT ANDPAY AFTER I CURE YOU. I want a chance to prove I can euroafflicted, skeptical men. 'Remember, my treatment is different, better nnd COSTS YOUNOTHING unless you are willing, glad and satisfied to pay me.. THESE ARE THE DISEASES OF WHICH I HAVE CUREDSO MANY MEN MANY OF WHOM FAILED TO RECEIVE ACURE IN TREATING WITH OTHER SPECIALISTS. .and Kidneys, Enlarged Glands, Nervousness, Swelling, Uric Acid."'Dr. C. JL. Dolle.rBlood Poison, Skin Diseases :Rash, Sore Mouth or Throat, SwollenGlands, Mucous Patches, Copper-ColoredSpots, Rheumatic Pains, Eczema, Itching,Burning;, Nervousness. vNervousness, Weakness,Failing Health, SoVrMemory, Loss of Energy, Drain on theAmbition, Worngut Feeling, Timid, Headache, Backache, Excesses, Melancholy,Easily Excited, Restless at Nightare someof the symptoms that destroy manhood.Urinary,Kidney and BladderT: Obstructions, Straining,UlSeaSeS pain in Back, BladderVaricose Enlargementis a knotty, bunchy, twisted, worm-likecondition of veins, more often on left side,hanging lower.Symptoms Aching or Pain in Groin orBack, Nervousness, Weakness, Hosa ofVitality, Lack of Ambition.I cure Varicose Enlargement by onetreatment in one visit, without a severesurgical operation or suffering, or keepingyou away from business.Acute Diseases-siinTanRheumatism.FREE CONSULTATION AND EXAMINATION. Write for Free Book, QuestionBlank and get my Charge, Terms, Time of Cure and Full Information FREE.Address or call onDR. C. L DOLLE, Men-Specialist, 525 WALNUT STREET,Between 5tli and Gth. Avenues,(Near Fountain Sq.) Cincinnati, O.SIGN THIS COUPON FOR A VALUABLEBOOK FREE.C. L. DOLLE, A. 15., 21. I., 525 Walnut Street, Ctnelnnztl, Ohio. Plece fend me free one of your books"Vital Fact for Men;" also Question Itlank, as I desireto describe my eas; to you for the purpose of takingtreatment, If I decide you can cure me and yourcharge is loir enough to suit me.(KamaTri-State.7iitotototototototo,to?totoasBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice.The Red Rose.Jxhn C. Fisher's beautiful production of that dainty musical comedy,"The Ked Rose," will be the attraction at the Lexington Opera Housenext Monday, April 22, and will nodoubt prove to be one of the realgems of the Reason's' bookings. TheNew York, Boston and Philadelphiapre-s have been unanimous in praiseof the production, and inasmuch as itcomes here under the personal directtion of John C. Fisher, the noted producar of "Floredora" and "The SilverSlipper." we have every reason to expect a performance of the highestclass. Harry B. and Robert B. Smithare responsible for the book and lyrics ;the musical score is by Robert HoodBowers and the production has beenstaged by R. JI. Burnside, Ihe celebrated director of the New YorkHippodrome. The three acts are laidin Paris and it invirons and depictsthe spirited and picturesque studentlife of the French capital. No morepretentious musical comedy has beenpresented on the American boards inthe past three yearsv and no morecarefully drilled chorus has ever beanseen here. The cast includes manynotable people.' Go (o Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,g) to Buck's barber shop. Three firstcla?? barters. 13 tfDisconcerted by Sneeze.The Vvorld has now well-nigh forgotten M. Vivier, the once famousFrench-horn player, who was so unnerved by the late Lord Houghton'sblowing his nose at a critical momentof his performance that he threw upall his London engagements. "Ah,"he would say after this, "the Englishhave terrible noses. They remind youof the day of judgment."A-j? rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret, it.Bourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky.toto?Why He Was Late."What made you so late.''"Ilhefc Smithson.'?Well that s no reason why youshonld be an hour late getting hometo supper.'' z"I know, but I asked him how hewas feeling, and he insisted upon telling me about his stomach trouble.""Did you tell him to take Chamberlain's Tablets.""Sure, that is what he needs."Sold by all dealers.Youthful Juror Summoned.The most youthful juror ever summoned in an Irish court is a little six-year-oldlad who, the other morningattended the recorder's court in Belfast, with his mother, for the purposeof answering his name, and asking tobe excused from serving in such anonerous capacity. .Proof of Snake's Wisdom.Mrs. Reider (with paper) I seethat the big anaconda up at the Zoowon't eat chickens unless they arealive. Mr. Reider Wise old snake!That's the only way to beat the coldstorage game. Puck.Concentrated Wisdom."Will your boy go to college?" "Idon't believe he'll need to," repliedMr. Bliggins. "If he ever learns theanswers to all the questions he asks,he will know more than the professors."Domestic Repartee."You will remember," said shehaughtiiy, "that you proposed to mefour times before I consented to marry you. You wouldn't take no for ananswer." "I remember," he repliedsadly. "It seems to me that everytime you have changed your mind I'vegot the worst of it."You will look a good while beforeyou find medicine that is better forcoughs and colds than Chamberlain'sCough Remedy. It not onlygivas relief it enres. Try it when you havea cough or cold and you are certainto be pleased with the prompt curewhich it will effect. For sale by alldealers.CBUICKIIIModel No. 40 Price $900 1Completely EquippedWill stand more hard use and abuse thanany light roadster ever built. The idealcar for the busy man. The best finished,best built, simplest and strongest car of' its class.Perfectly Noiseless, 26 Horse-Power, 30x3 12 Wheels,Sliding Gear, Selective Type Transmission,Three Speeds Forward and Reverse. -YEBKES & PBIOHARDBoth 'Phones 66. iHUB flflBB fflHfe' IHHIB.flrTHE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .$2.00 Six Months. .1.00Payable in AdvanceEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insettion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar mat! er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or otfiermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.The Titanic's Fate.Off the cost of Newfoundland thegreat steamship Titanic the largeststeamship in the warld, after strikingan iceburg went to the bottom of theocean carrying wth it over 1,200 souls.The fate of the Titanci was the greatest disaser in the marine history. Ofall the moving animals ofjthe disasterof the sea, there is none, that paralelsthis in magnitude in the loss of liteand treasure.2 The Tianitc was a sea-going craftof the most wonderful consruction,gigantic in its proportions, so strongthat it was calculated she couldweather the heaviest storm withoutthe least discomfort to is passengersand that even the fiercest waves wouldnot cause her to tremble.Off the storm tossed coast of Newfoundland the mistress cf the sea enccunted a creation of Neptune andcrumbled like an egg-shell before thegigantic berg which stoved in her hulland sent the sturdy craft to the bottomof the ocean with a large percent ofthe human freight.The Titantic was on her maidenvoyage loaded with the flower of transatlantic travel, a floating .treasurehouse of gems and securities, the lastcreation of naval architecture-sank tothe nameless grave.Reports are meager, but from allaccount upwards of eight hundred ofthe passengers were saved, mostlywomen and children. When the goodrescue ship reaches port '.she will nodoubt unfold'stories of heroism, of thenoble sacrifice of the male passengers'who sank with thn ship, that theirloved one and the loved ones of othersmight escape a horrible death.We'read with regret the stories ofthe horrible catastrophe. There is yethoped that the list of rescued willgrow with the future details. It isnatural, if not noble, that the shiningnames of the passenger list of theTitantic should arouse a feeling ofpity among those to whom they are no'more than names.Two Irresistible Measures.The bill repealing the tax on sugarwhich will reduce the price to the consumer 2 cents a pound if the measureenacted into law, and the bill to placea tax on all incomes of more than$5,uUU a year, are two or tne most important measures passed by the Houseof Representatives in the last .quarterof a century.These sister bills, conceived andframed by Democratic committees,were ao good in fact, that eighty Republicans were forced to vote forthem. "Forced to vote for them" isthe correct expression, because theRepublicans refused steadfastly whenin power tu pass such legislations, oreven to consider it, but when theDemocrats forced them to vote oneway or the other, they were afraid toVote against either bill lest theircenstituents retire them to privatelife."Mv little son had a severe cold. Iwas recommended to try Chamber-lam's Cough Remedy, and before asmall bottle was finished he was asJ well as ever," writes Mrs. H. Silk,29 Dowhng street, syaney. Austrna.For sal by all dealers.Surprised Japanese Husband.Out of burning jealousy TorakichIHatano rained blows with a club onhis wife, Tchi, who was asleep in bed.The blows rendered the woman senseless and this surprised the brute of ahusband. Japan Times.Saves Leg of Boy."iff seemed that my 14 year oldboy would have to lose his leg- on account of an ugly ulcer, caused by abad bruise," wrote D. F. Howard,Aquone, N. C. ' All remedies andand doctors treatment failed till wetried Bucklen's Arnica Salve and cured him with one box." Cures burns,boils, skin ernptibns.-piles. 25c at ObA WOMAN'S WISDOM.The worrfed mother jvakes up to hear her baby's heavy breathing a littlecough perhaps the croup or whooping cough. She does not want to send for thedoctor when perhaps the trouble does not amount to much. Finally she thinks ofthat medical book her father gave her, ine common aense meaicai Aaviser, byR. V. Pierce, M. D. She says "just the thing to find out what is the matter withthe little dear."' Two million households in this country own- one and it's tobe had for only 31c. in stamps 1,000 pages in sprendid cloth binding. A goodfamily adviser in any emergency. It is for eiticr sex, This is what many womenwrite Dr. Piccce in respect to his " Favorite Prescription," n remedy which ha3made thousands of melancholy and miserable women cheerful and happy, by caringthe painful womanly diseases which undermine a woman's health and strength.fMy desire is to write a few lines to let you knewhatyour vaiuaDie mcaicmo mn uone lor mo, wiii.es mss.Maegaret Ztjebert, cf 323 S. Bentalon Street, Baltimore,Md. r Before the storck came to our house I was a very sickwoman. I wrote you for advice which was kindly given andwhich made me a different woman in a short time. Aftertaking the first bottle of 'Favorite Prescription' I bejaaimproving so that I hardly knew I was in such a condition.I aid my own housework washing and ironing, cooking,sewing, and the worst of all nursed three children who hadwhooping cough. I hardly knew of the aclvent ten minutesbpfore so easy was it. The baby is a? fat as a butter-ball.Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription is tho best medicine forany woman to take when in this condition. I recommend ittins. Zubebt and Babh. to all my friends."GEO. W. DAVISFDNEEAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMEfi.BOTH 'PXKXNliJS DAY 137; NIGHT 399,Why not you join the great army ofcustomers and burn ,Now is the time to try a load.'Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATED. For reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millefsburg, Nrhli MiddletDwn, Littlef Rock anRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service.' 1Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporatedNOTICETOFarmers!NWBARBERHOPModem Equipment,4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite .Service.I am Paying from 50c to 75ceach for Sheep Hides.Tallow5 and 5 1 -4c per lb.MAX MUNICH,8th Street, . PARI3, KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 374Slnnk LangbomManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.augl6tfEast Tenn. Phoe 669Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDJoe. G. Mitchell,Against Tire, Tornado and .Lightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies.Phone 162Agent.LOWRY & TALBOTTParis, KentUGk.vALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.will not be yours unless ycuTDM have a"jf MAJt5Tlcji majestic jjca r wmsttRight MarioMajestic Rangein Your Kitchen!Come in and see them. Theyare' thc best made. . . .THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 19, 1912HAPPY WOMEN,NOTESMESD0WBR00KPlenty of Them in Paris andGood Reason for It.Wouldnt any woman be happy,After years of backacho. suffering,Days of misery, nights of unrest,The distress of urinary troubles,She finds relief,No reason why any Paris redderShould suffer in the face of evidencelike this :Mrs. Ida Huffman, 115 Main street,Paris Ky., says: "We think Doan'sKidney Pills are just firies we haveused them with splendid. Results. Wewillingly confirmrthe endorsement wegave some years ago reccomendingthem. I suffered from pains acrossthe small of my back. Seeing Doari'sKidney Pills advertised., I got a supplyat Wilson's Drug Store and gave thema trial, I was very much pleased withthe results of their use." ,For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Fostr-Milburn Co., Buffalo,New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates,Remember the name Doan's andtake no other.A Log On the TrackEggs for Hatching.White and Buff Orpingtons, $2 to 3per 15.J. H. DOTY,322 Main St., Paris, Ky.Duck Eggs for SaleIrrpstiol Mammoth White -Pekftiof the fast express means serioustrouble ahead if not removed, so dossloss of api eblte. It means lack of vitality," loss of strength and nerveweakness. If appetite fails,take Electric Bitters quickly to overcome thecause by toning up the stomach andcuring the indigestion. Michael Hessheimer of Lincoln. Neb., hal beensick over three years but six bottlesof Electric Bitters put him right onhis feet again. They have helpedthousands. They give pure blood,strong nerves, good digestion. Only50c at Oberdorfer's.Saved by His Wife.She's a wise woman who knowsjust what to do when her husband'slife is in danger, but Mrs. R.J. Flint,Braintree, Vt., is that kind. "She insisted on my using Dr. King's NewDiscovery," writes Mr. Flint, "for adreadful cough when I wras so weakmv friends all thouaht I had only aduck eggs,75 cents per dozen. Address i short time to live, and itHORACE MILLER CLAY.1 J Gt Route 7, Box 5, Paris, KyRooms and Board.Desirable front rooms and board forboth ladies and gentlemen. FApply toMRS. WALLINGFOKU,Cor. Pleasant and Duncan Avenue.Embroidery and Stamping.I will be glad to have you call andsee my up to date work. 'Can supplyyour needs at reasonable prices. Calland see my work. I am also geting upa class in needlework.MISS LIDA B. DUERSON,No. 305 Main street..At Mrs. Gorne W. Baird'B Millinerytore, E. T. phons 3S9.Eggs For Sale.Pure Rhode Island Red Eggs. TheEtrain that lays the year round.CHARLTON CLAY,5 6t E. T. Phone 57.FOR RENT.completelyfor coughsand colds, it's the most safe and reliable remedy for many throat andlung troubles-grip, bronchitis, croup,whooping cough, quinsy, tonsilitis,hemorrhages. A trial will covince you.50c & $1. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.Don't be surprised if you have anattack of rheumatism - this spring.Just rub the affected parts withChamberlain's Liniment and it willsoon disappear. Sold by all dealers.The Glenn cottage on Vine street offive rooms, reception hall and bathroom. Possession given May 1 CallE. T. phone 198. tfBeware of Ointments for CatarrhThat Contain Mercury,as mercury will surely destroy thesenseof smell and com Dlecely derangethe whole system when entering itthrough the mucous surfaces. Sucharticles should never be usedj excepton prescriptions from reputable physicians, as the damage they will dois tenfold to the good you can possibly derive from them. Hall's CatarrhCure, jnanufactued by F. J. Cheney& Co., Toledo, O., contains no mercury and is taken internally, actingdirectly upon the blood and mucuousSurfaces of the system. In buyingHall's Catarrh Cure be sure you getthe genuine. It is taken internallyand made in Toledo, O., by F. J.Cheney & Co. Testimonials free.Sold by druggists, 7oc per ooctie.Take Hall's Family Pills for. constipation.For rheumatism you will find noth -ing better than Chamberlain's Liniment. Try it ana see now quiCKiy iugives relief. Soldby all dealers. , .Hot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold baths.Everything neat . and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on -thetrade. No long; waitF, You are next.M. A. KAHAL.Professional CardsJ J. WIIiljIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-L AW .?.oom I'Elks Buildinc.Dr. Wrn. Kenriey,PARTS, KENTUCKY..Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones )oyETl 334. VHome 334. 1Residence,U. A. ti KELLEK,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld.'gParis, - - KentuckyHORSE CLIPPINGPrepare your horses forspring by having them, clipped now. We are preparedto do clipping in a sales fac"torv manner and at salesfactory prices. Call on us.TRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhailline:. Moving is. ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Eighth Street Both PhonesThe jNettletdnHARMMark layers with leg bands.Incubators are always on the job.Be surehogs.there are no lice on theAll farmerspoultry.should keep pure-bredDuck feathers may also be madesource of profit.Normal churningaround 62 degrees.temperature isA specialmade of theinspectionstables.should be' ' ' 'I JUST NOW AFTER EASTER JS'the home needs new THINGS !imB719aThe hen which lays an egg and doesnot cackle is a turkey.It costs no more to take goodof a good fowl than a poor one.xcaremIs the BusinessMan?s FaYoritewitli its comfortable9 roomy fittingqualities, its low,broad heel, and toeexpression of goodsense.We picture the JapModel in a soft GlazedKid Blucher, with aheavy single sole of oldfashioned oak - tannedleather. We have othermodels of. the NettietonMake, but recommend. the Jap to the busy manfor every day wear.Geo. McWilliams;Growing pigs should receive, whereit is possible, some buttermilk.The long-headed farmer is the onewho has hay to sell in the spring."Whether for eggs or meat, skimmilkis one of the best and cheapest foods.In fitting horses for hard work increase the grain ration, but not thehay.. Chickens hatched in an incubatorcan be reared either with hens or vitha brooder.Open pails of water and swill havecaught more chicks than any rat thatever lived.Two parts oats and one of branmake a well-balanced ration for pregnant ewes.On the average, eleven pounds ofcheese can be made from 200 poundsof skimmilk.Look out for drafts- under andthrough the floors. They are aboutthe worst kind.A news item says that 12,000 dairiesare used to supply London and Itssuburbs with milk.Feed the ewes carefully at first,and increase the ration as the lambrequires more- milk.There are usually some ewes thathave served their days of usefulnessand better be discarded.Breeding for a special purpose tendsto develop an animal that will be inharmony with her function.rSee if the entrance to the hives ischoked with dead bees. Rake themout 'but do not disturb the live ones.Much of the illness and loss in thefirst and second weeks of the chickenlife is due to carelessness the first 48hours.Cciws that are well cared foR andwell protected are not seriously affected in their yield by the coldweather.Dairying is rapidly becoming a science. . It is being studied more extensively than almost any other lineof farming.Dust young turkeys and theirmother once every two weeks withinsect powder until they are. at leastsix weeks old. .Corn stalks are plowed under withno harm to succeeding crops provided the stalks are first thoroughly cutby double disking.Pure bred poultry consumes "lessfeed; produces more eggs and is worthl Your home does, doesn't it?And right now you are wondering where your horhe-furnishingdollars will do most for you.m H White van are wonderina. won't vou iust run into this store 'forf we know 'that this store willnake your dollars do most for you.J The new spring goods, furniture, floor coverings, draperies, lacecurtains, stoves and ranges are here in unlimited quantity, and theyare the newest things, the best of things, and all marked to sell to youmost reasonably. 'I Terms of payment, too, we'll gladly arrange to suit you.CJ To this store then come.with your problem.iiii ji'iiNEW ICEBERG REFRIGERATORSNow is time to save your money by buying aRefrigerator that takes such litHe ice to run it.This is why they are becoming Q"f un a-popular each season. Prices lip id $810ICE" BOXES $5.75 UP TO $2400 1Let Us Show You the Kind We Sell. -A. F. WHEELERCHSS. GREEN, Manager.Main and Third Sts.Opposite Court House.COPARISRestaurant!For First-Class Meals andShort-Order Lunches atthe Lowest Prices.QUICK AND NEAT SERVICEBest Place in Town for Ladie'sand Gentlemen to Eat. .Open All Hours Day and NightMain Street,Opposte Agricultural Bank.E. T: 'Phone 734Low Round Tripn ayeNew Spring GoodsATDepartment Storeat least one-fourth moreer than mongrel stock:to the farm-In growing a heifer for "the dairymuscular "vitality is .wanted ratherthan fat, "and this is obtained verylargely from the skim-milki portion ofits diet.Among the essentials of the successful care and management of afarm flock of mutton sheep are thatwe treat them in a manner adaptedto their nature.Use medicine and stimulants verymoderately among your chickens. R3member, true strength and recuperation come from the digestion of nutritious food, and can come from noother source.Everybody recognizes that cream isa perishable product but with a greatmany- their knowledge of the subject .stops right there. They know that the jcream must be taken 'care of but carelessness enters into their plans andthey fail to live up to the best of theirknowledge. " . -RATES. 4Homeseekers' Fare!To points in Arizona, Arkansas,Louisana, Missouri, '.New Mexico,Oklahoma, Texas, Kansas, Nebraska,Montana. Michigan, Wisconsin, Ala-hatna. Florida and Mississippi. Tick-iets on sale first and third Tuesdays ofeach month with final' return limit 25days from date of sale except to destinations in Florida, final limit will he12 days from dste of sale. Liberalstopovers allowed in honuseeker territory. We also have on sale daily urMApril 30, 1912, 'v?ith final return limitsMay 31, 1912 Winter Tourist tickets topuinls in Alabama, Florida. Georgii,Louisana, New Meixeo and Texas,with liberal stoptivers.allowed.. For further information, call on orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.mmTWIN BROS.IICor. 7th and MainGinghams,White Goods,Percales,Piquas, Poplins,Linens,Dress Goods,Silks,Skirts, Suits,Dresses,Waists, Etc.Big Lot of Tobacco Cotton at Lowest Prices.TWIN BEOS.1 Paris, KentuckyiMOf BOURBON POULTinfcUREdown a chick's throat curestapes. A few drops in therfnking water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoea$ and other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Dis-easesot jj'owjs" sent Jb'KHJia.Bourbon Remedy Co. Lexington, Ij,1 fti iWtm.SPECIAL EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURNSunday, tipisRoundTripRoundTripSPECIAL TRAINLvs. GEORGETOWN 7:45 a.m.ASK TICKET AGENTS FOR PARTICULARS.For Rent.Small farm in the suburb's Qf,Call J3 T7' Phone 3&7Pari?..Wanted.To buy second-hand cloth's., - - - THOMA3 BRCS..THE BOURBON NEWS, 1AR-:;iTtJC.$FR 19,Diamonds!. r We Are Showing This Spring aLarge Assortment ofDiamond Rings!Perfect, Clean Cut, White Goods in 14kx Tiffany Mountings, for$20, $255 $30 and $40 eachAccording to Weight See Our WindowDisplay of Same Every StoneGuaranteed.We Have Just Received a Line of theThinest WatchesMadeSVith Elgin or.Waltham Movement for$18.50 EachThe Nobbiest Yand Best Watch EverSold For the Price.IFor Spring and EasterWear LaValliers and Drop Ear Rings, They Are inVogue. We Carry a Full and CompleteStock of these Goods at all Prices.Our Line of Wedding GiftsSterling Silver, Cut Glass and Hand-Tainted ChinaJjis Immense and Varied, and you should callnd see ourStock before purchasing.'THE HOME OFm ucCOMMISSMNEiTS SALEOPCITY PROPERTY.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.David Hickman's Admr: - Plaintiff.,vs. , ,His Widow and Heirs - Defendants.Pursuant to a judgment and order ofsale of the Bourbon Circuit Court rendered at the March term thereof, 1912,in the above styled action the undersigned Special Commissioner will proceed to offer for sale at the court housedoor in Paris, Ky., Bourbon county tothe highestand best bidder at publicauction onSaturday, May 4, 1 91 2,at about 12 o'clock noon, upon creditsof six and twelve months for equalparts of the purchase money the following described property :. Lying in Paris, Ky., between theGeorgetown road and the Georgetownturapike fronting on line of lot of thaheirs of Jesse H. Talbott 40 feet andextending back therefrom towardsWalker avenue same width as In f lont134 feet to the line of Jeff Porterbounded on the north by lot of saidPorter and on the South by the lot ofAnnie Scott, being the same property conveyed to said Hickman by thedeed aforesaid in Deed Book 71, page203, Baurbon County Clerk's office.Said sale will be made upon the saidcredit of six and twelve months forequal parts of the purchase money,the purchaser being required to execute bond for installments of the purchase price with security thereon tobe approved by said Special Commissioner, payabl to said Commissionerbearing interst at the rate of 6 percent per annum' from date until paidand having the force and effect of thejudgment and to remain a lien on theproprety- sold until fully paid.c. a.. McMillan,Spceial Commissioner.Talbstt & Whitley, Attorneys.M F, Kenney, Auctioneer.apr!9-26may3FOR SALE.Counters and Show Cases.CHAS. E. BUTLER & CO.,Opp. Court House, Paris, Ky.16-3tToilet Articles.I have accepted the agency of theAbner-Royce Toilet Articles and wouldappreciate the orders of the ladies' ofParis, Orders telephoned to Mrs. PearlCram, E. T. Phone 450, will receiveattention, or let nae take vour order.16-4t MRS. MARY CONNELLY."IQUALITY."jl' i Lilian, jTHE FAIR!On Friday NextExtra heavy four-coated whiteand white Enamelled Ware, eyerypiece warranted not . to chip,Sauce Pans, 48c 'arid up. 1Seamless Coffee and Tea Pots,69c and up.Dish Pans, 98c and upTea Kettles, $1.49 and up.Rice Boilers, $1.39 and up."WALLPAPERSAt 3 l-2c a bolt Beautiful patterns to select from. All fresh,new stock.Ammonia, mammoth size 3pound bottle, 10c.The best 10c Scrub Brush youever laid your eyes on, only '5c.Felt Window Shades, 3 feetwide, 72 inches long, full size,colors green only, fixtures included, at only 5c....THE FAIR...PUBLIC SALEOFLumber end' Goal YardOne of the West pieces of real estateoffered in Paris for sale in a long timeis the lumber and coal yard at the corner of Third and Railroad streets,opposite L. & N. depot. This property will be sold at public auction at.court house door onSaturday, April 20th, 1912,at 11 o'clock a. m. Parties interested will do well to examine property asits location is ideal and would make asuitable place for either coal or lumber business office, sheds and outbuildings in good repair. .J. BENNETT TARR.Phones 490.For Sale Privately.Royal piano, almost new; circulartable Itop, seats twelve; dresser; washstand; hanging lamp; invilid chair; mattings; churn, etc.J. W. BACON.. 1611 Cvpress Street.E. T. Pllone 688 " - . ' - (16r2t) -Paris "livery Rins's Price fi t.Owing to the fact that the price offeed is twice or three times as high aslast year, the various' livery stables inParis have decided to make a slight increase in their prir.es. The new schedule of prices, which is to take effectMay 1, 1912, is given below: -Carriages for weddings, funerals, .etc , in city $ 5.00Carriages for germans and parties in city (mininu-m $5.00)percounple, 2.50Party coach for funerals 1 carriage hire in city or country.Party coach for weddings Vicarriage hire in city or country.Party coaches for germans, etc., ..carriage hire in city or-country.Carriages for weddings, funerals, orany other purpose in the country:To Austerlitz 10.00To Bethlehem 8:00To Centerville 9.00To Clinton ville 10.00To Cane Ridge : 8.00To Hutchison 9.00To Jacksonville 9.00To Little Rock 10.00To Milleraburg 9.00To Muir 10.00To North Middletown 10.00To Newtown 10.00To Old Union ; 9.00To Ruddles Mills 1 8.00To Shawhan : 9.00To Spears Mill 8.00To Mt. Carmel 1 8.00To Jackstown 10.00To Riser ton . 8.00To Escondida 8.00To Stony Point r. 8.00Double trip Vz times price of. singletrip. To Cynthiana.$12.00, Rouble -trip $24. 00Georgetown 12.00 " " 24.00Lexington . 12.00- " 24.00S"arpsburg 20.00 " " 40.00Winchester 12.00 " " 24.00Carlisle 12.00 " " 24.00Mtl Sterling 18.00 " " ,36.00Boarding of horses:1 horse and 1 vehicle per month $18. 00$1.00 per month for eachextra vehicle.Horse and buggy per day, notless than , 2.50Driver Extra.Drummers, wagon teams anddriver, per day - 5.00Hitching .15Hitching after 11 p. in 25Single feed. . .50Beautiful Decorations.The decorations tor the KnightsTemplar conclave to be held here onMay 29 and 30 will be the mostgorgeous ever seen here on a lik eoccasion. The committee on decoration, with Mr. Thomas .Alien, chairman, after receiving bids from stveralprofessional decorators decides to letthe contract for the street decorationsto the Wra. Beck & Sons Co, of Cincinnati Ohio.There will be thirty lines of artistically draped bunting, .flags and emblems across -the main street betweenSecond and Tenth. The Committee ondecocratons also wish to announce thatthey have succeeded in obtaining theservices of the Beck & Sons Co., .totake care of the decoration on privatestores, residences, etc. Before placing your order kindly give them acall as you will find .that they havesome very beautiful and appropriatedesigns to select from and the priceswill certainly be within reason in factthey have been put within the reachof 'all &s it 'is the wish of the Committee that every ho.use in Paris be decorated. The decorations will be put up-oo-'jarental basis. Call Mr. Thos.Allen, Chairman of 'the decorationCommittee. Phone 45. 16-2tfSeed Corn.White and yellow seed corn for sale.16-6t R. B. HUTCHCRAFT-T ' Refrigerator Time.Now is the time to think about thatnew refrigerator for this summer. We.have the largest stock we have everbrought on. See the line, they are tHekind that save ice.J. T. H1NTON.Venire Summoned From Bourbon. Two venires of one hundred men eachwere summoned from Bourbon countyfrom the Fayette Circuit Court fromwhich to select a jury to try the case ofthe- Conmonwealth against ThomasDolan in the Fayette Circuit Court.Sheriff Daniel Scott, Deputy SheriffHenry Baker and Jailer William T. Bal-linger came to Paris Tuesday afternoonin an automobile and summoned 100citizens of Paris and Bpurbon county toappear jn Lexington Wednesday morning for jury service.Seven jurors were accepted by noonWednesday to try the case. Fifty ofthose who were summoned Tuesday saidthe' had formed or expressed an opinionas to the guilt or innocense of the defendant and they were excused. Twentyof the number said the' were opposed tothe infliction of capital punishment, onesaid he thought the defendant innocentand another that he was desirous ofaverdict being a certain way, andsequently were excused.con-The jurors accepted were Isaac Wilmott, cotfhty; J. P. Auxier, Millersburg;C. Alexander, county; Sherman Bealert,county; H. F. Ingram, county; Geo. W.'Judy, Paris; Rolla Bridwell, Paris.Judge Denis. Dundon assisted in the examination of the Bourbofi county venire,representing the Commonwealth, whileHon. E. M. Dickson represented the defendant,. Judg&Kerr instructed Sheriff Scott to-proceeagto the obscure places in Bourbon comity and summons another venireof a 100 men tb appear in court yesterday'morning. He came to Paris Wednesday afternoon, and accompanied bvSheriff A. S. Thompson secured the required number of talismen.Yesterday morning J. li. .Auxier, ofMillersburg, who who was- . acceptedw etlnesday was excused on account ofillness in his family. From the veniresummoned Wednesday Blanton Speakes,Austerlitz; N. h. Buchanan, Clintonville; A. F. Anderson, North MiddletonJ. W. Mitchell, North Middleton; B. f!Judy, North Middleton; J. B. Tarr,Paris, were accepted the jury beiu gcompleted at 11 o'clock 3esterday morning-.At" 2 o'clock testimoiry began, ."Trade Excutsion to yisit Paris.1Reports received by the v Cincinnati'Commercial Association indicates thatnot only will the-arious cities alongthe routfe of the "Trade Excursion,"April 22-26, have for', visitors thespecial train of Cincinnati "businessmen and the famous Weber Prize.Band, but the merchants from citiesthat will not be visited by the tradeexpansionists also will be on hand togreet, the tourists.A number of business engagementshave already been made in variousplaces along the route of the excursionwith business men from localities notincludeJ in .the tour, and t'hesejire expected to be beneficial to Cincinnati aswell as to the cities, in which theytake place.-It is anticipated ,that the full complement of 150 reservations, exclusiveof the barid and the necessaary employes ont he special train, will havebeen taken by the end of this week,making this one of the mcst pretentious trade excursions that has evervisited Paris or any section of thesouth.Mayor Thomas Hunt, of .Cincinnati,will accompany the special on its tourthrough Kentucky and Tennessee. Hewill make speeches in several .places.Besides Mayor Hunt a number ofother prominent speakers will accompany the party.The "Trade Excursion" will arrivein Paris at 5:20 o'clock on the afternoon of April 26 and will be at thestation by a large mumber of businessmen. of the town. Everyone who canpossibly do so is urged to assist ingiving the boosters a royal receptionwhile in the city.Desirable Property Survered andPlatted, at Public Sale May 15.The surveyors have finished theirwork of platting the property belonging to Mr. John S. Jones, in the oldFair Grounds addition', in Paris, and aplat of same will appear in the Bouroon News next issue. The public salewill be held kun Wednesday, May 15,when 25 of the most desirable buildinglots in Paris will be offered under thehammer. These lots are located onNineteenth street, Clifton Avenue andthe Clintonville pike, all ideal locations. A Cure or Hog Cholera.If your hogs are sick come in andget Laughlin's C.holera Cure, and curethem. The best farmers in Bourboncounty will tell you it cures. For saleonly byCH'AS. E. BUTLER & CO.,Druggists.20 tf Opp. Court House, Paris.Business Sites. 'Two vacant building lots, suitablefor siteB for business' houses, will besold to ngihest bidders at the publicsale of the Mahaney property, cornerHigh and Eighth streets, on April 25,1912, at 2 p. m. 'Don't fail to attendthe sale ItKeep Out the Flies.We have all sizes of screen wire,door and windows.19 2t FORD & GO.Winchester Man Honored.Mr. Abraham Renick, of Clarkcounty son of Mr.W.H. Renick and abrother of Mr. B. M. Renick, of thiscity, has been elected President of theNational Records Association, the governing authority of all the breedingassociations of the United States andCanada. For the past two years Mr.Renick has been President ' of theAmerican Breeders Association, whichis the strongest breeding associationin the world. It was through hisefforts that this ( association wasorganized a number'of years ago. Thehonor conferred upon Mr. Renickcame without any effort on his part:Wool Wanted.Send and get sacks. We are payingthe highest market price for wool.16-6t " R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.Fresh Seed.Garden and Flower Seeds.CHAS. E. BUTLER & CO ,12 3t .. Paris, Ky.Have it Put Aside.Select your walL paper at J. T. Hinton's now and have it put aside-.-The New Jones Subdivision SurveyedSale May 15..Don't fail to get ready for the public sale of building lots in the old fairgrounds addition, which will De neidon Wednesday, May 15. These areabout the must desirable building lotsin Paris and they will steadily increasein value. Watch for advertisement.Reynolds Appointed Assistant.Mr. ' Luther C. Reynolds, who hasbeen in the employ of the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, in Maysville for the past six months and whohas been quite successful in this lineof business has been appointpd assistant to .Superintendent J. T. Lynch ofthe Paris district which is composedof forty-three towns in Kentucky.Mr. Reynolds was formerly editor ofthe Maysville Independent and practiced law in that city for severalyears. He will assume his new position of April 22, and will shortly jnovehis family to this cifly where he willmake his home.NOTICEI am agent for the famous little"Duplex" Electric Vacuum Cleaner;also the UJ S. HandCleaner, both ofwhich arn fast becoming the standardmachines of the world; Either ofthe82 Vacuum Cleaners will lessen thelabor of house-keeping over one-half.They make the '.drudgery work ofhouse-keeping a pleasure and practically solve the much vexed houselabor problem. -I will be at 512 Highstreet next week.. Call or mail cardfor free demonstration of either thehand or electric machines.C. A. REECE,612 High street.From One of the BestMakers in the Land WeHave Just Received aFresh Shipment ofIWomen'sNewestHere are the latest styles in Suits, incorporating up-to-the-last-minutefashion ideas in materials, patterns,colors, trimming effects and proportions. The largest andfinest collection of high-grade Suits ever placed at the disposal of the fair "sex of Lexington.The newest Norfolk models are here. Also a greatarray of otjier correct styles in all the new colors. Materials comprise such accepted favorites as lightweight whipcords, narrow diagonals, soft French serges' and -variousother seasonable fabrics. Our assortment is so varied thatyou will have no difficulty to-find just the size and mod sito fit you to perfection, .In these new Suits you will find a rare combination ofFashion, fit, service and moderate cost. All of the beautiful new effects are here all refreshingly novel, all delightfully distinctive, yet thoroughly practical. "Many exceedingly attractive values' await your inspection, which are sure to appeal to you both for their beautyand sensibly moderate prices. See- them now, for there isIIa great advantage in choosing while assortments are unbroken.At, a Uniform Price of$25White Suits, Blue Suits, Tan Suits and CountlessNovelty Suits.Wolf, Wile & Co.,Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, Ky.LDESIRABLE BUSINESS PROPERTY FOR1SALE PUBLICLYOn Thursday, April 25, 1912,at 2 o'clock p. m-. on the premises, wre will sell at public outcry the Mahanerproperty situated corner High and Eighth streets, Paris, Ky.The property will be offered in three parcels, then as a whole, and bestbid accepted.Lot No. 1 fronts 50 feet more or less on High street extending back 5feet more or less on Eighth street arid contains a two story brick businesshouse. ."Lots .No. 2 and-3-front 25 feet each on Eighth street arid, extends backbetween parallel lines 50 feet more or less.This is very desirable property, centrally located and a splendid business,stand.The yacant lots are especially desirable as sites for business houses.TERMS Ono-third cash, balance in one and -two years, deferred pigments bearing Interest at 6 per cent per annum until paid.. Don't forget the date. I- .! Brighten lipBrighten-up time is here, and we havethe best materials for brightening up yourhome: NSherwin-Williams PaintBRIGHTEN-UP SPECIALTIES, AS:Brighten-Up Stain, Floorlac,Enamel, Handcraft Stain,BERRY BROS.' VARNISH ES,ADAMS BRUSHES. ETC.High-Grade Painting and Decorating a Specialty for Over 40 Years.C. A. DAUGHERTY.2Suits inModels!IIftHARRIS & SPEAKES.'iTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL ll 1912Kfc B00RB0N NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGMorehead Lyceum Course.I The "Musical Favorites,' one cfthe most entertaining concert companies on the road, will be in ParisOnieht, appearing at the eld Presbyterian Church, corner Fifth and Pleasant streets. Admission 35 cents. -Buys Electric Car.Mr. Duncan Bell, one of the mostardent automobile enthusiasts in thiscity, had delivered to him yesterday ahandsome four-passenger Detroit electric car. The machine is of the latestmodel of thischaia2ter and one of thehandsomest in this sec' ion.Society to Serve Dinner.The Ladies Aid Soceiy of the Pres- jbyterian church will serve dmttef infie basement of the church on Tuesday, April 23, from 12 to 1:30 o'clock&t 50 cents per plate. In the afternoon the election of officers to serveduring the ensuing year will take,place. All members are requested tore present. 2tLarge Assortment.The largest and best assorted stockof. rugs can be found at J. T.. Hinton's.3r. Shive Appointed Delegate.Kev Dr. B. M, Shive, Pastor of thePresbyterian church in this city, hasreceived lha official announcementfrom Frankfort of his appointment asu delegate to represent the State ofKentucky at the Southern SocialogicalCongress to be held at Nashville onMay 7-10.Attend Sale.Attendsale of M. H. Highland proptrty in Henry Addition on April 24 at2 p. m. See Harris & Speakes about ilie'ore day of sale.Overstocked.We have an cver-stc'ck cf fancyi.runes:Jo cent grade 15 cents.20 cent grade 10 cents.Like giving them away.C. P. COOK & CO.Painfully Scalded.Stanley Case, an employ of tfcePans Gas and Electric fjo., was painfully scalded about the face and arms,when he threw into th8 cinder pit,which was filled with water a quantitycf hot coals. Case is4 employed as firtman at the gas plant and was removing the cinders from" beneath one ofthe retorts, thinking another of theemployes had removed the water frombeneath the boiler. He dropped thehat cinders in the water and the steamemitting caught him before he couldget away and he was painfully scalded. His injuries are not dangerous.Cottage to Be Sold.' My house containing five rooms,large store room, pantry, two porches,water and electric lights will be soldxsn April 24 at 2 o'clock. House islocated'in Henry additi.on. See Herris& Speaks about it before sale.M. H. HIGHLAND., Police Court.In police court Wednesday Judge E.. January imposed fines upon the following offenders:Samuel Pino and- Alex. Dandara,Italians, each $12 50 for drunkenness.Albert Bacon, suffering stock to r-unat large, $5.50. ,William McKenney, Lee Taylor,Arth'i? Moore, George Fowler Samvie Hefton, William Moss and CharlesGibson, all negroes, $7.50 each fordrunkenness at the passenger depotTuesday.William Alexander, also drunk,$7 50. 'William Thomas, carrying concealedweapons, $27.50 and ten days in jail..Quick Settlement of Titanic Victim's Clainjs.Mr. Rudolph Davis, of this city thehustling agent of. the Travelers Insurance Co., Wednesday received thef ollowir g telegram :Louisville, Kentucky. April 17, 1912Rudolph Davis, Paris, Ky.The Travelers bad over one milliondollars Accident Insurance at risk onTitantic Passenger and the nel losswill greatly exceed all previouscalamity records. Losses which wouldembarass many companits will be paidby the Travelers without effort ordelay.Urge you to make an immediateactive canvass for new business.F. D. GARNETT, Cashier.Fresh Fisb.Nice lot of fresh caught fish tc-day,let us have your order, both phones,It T. LENIHAN. :For Benefit Hospital Fund.Frank Mclntee and IVJilicent Evisonand a company of selected artists, under the auspices of the Paris Hospital League, will appear in Paris inShaespeatfean plays, on Tuesday, April23. Seats on sale at Mitchell &Blakemore's this morning.Cleaning Up Day in This City.Paris will have a cleaning nn davearly in May and several societies ofthis city are taking an' active nart inthe movement. 'Mrs. Robert Goggins,chairman cf the Civic Committee ofthe Progressive Culture Club fs at thehead of the movement and is arrangi g f or a general cleaning of the city.M&yor J. T. Hinton has pledged hisco- ps'ation and will have all of thecity carts at the disposal of the committee on the date set for the cleaningwhich will be announced later.. ThePuis Literary Club will also co-operatewith the committee looking forw srd to securing a clesner and moreaani aryjcity. At present the weatj ercu.',di linns are Erylhing but favorableIut it is planned to have a generalchaning the, first week in May.. 'PERSONAL MENTION,The young p:ople will-entertainwith a dance at Elks' Hall tonight.Mrs. Albert Hinton will return today from a visit to realtives in Masoncounty.Miss Maiy Ford left Mondayafternoon for a short trip to Ashe-vnie, jn. u. -2 Mr. Morris Price, rof Baltimore,Ws the guest of relatives here Wednesday and Thursday.Mr. Frank Bedford has returnedfrom a prospecting trip to California.He will remain in Patis for an extended visit.Mrs. Harrv Beveridcre returnedWednesday after a. two weeks' visit toher parents, Mr. and Mrs. F. M Cooper, at Seaman, O. -Mrs. Harry .Chambers and littles n, of Louisville, are guests at thenome of Hon. G. M. Thomas, onHoustch Avenue."r. and Mrs. John F. Dav s willentertain with a dinner party Wednesday, April 24, in honor of the Davis-Graig weeing party.Mr. Fed Donaldson has returnedto his 1 oms at Chillicothe, C, after avisit to his mother, Mrs. Mattie Donaldson and sister, Miss Grace Donald-on.Mr. T. B. K?al and daughter. MissElla Louise Keal, have returned froman extended visit to Mrs. Real's .sis-ler, Mrs. John M. Weed, in Winchester.Mrs. John Towles, vho sustainedpainful injuries several days ago bybeing thrown from a buggy, is rr stin?comfortably at her home near thiscity.Elder J. T. Sherrard went toFleminesburc yesterday to officiate atthe funeral of Mrs. W. S. Fant, themother of Mis. Ollie Fant Bosworth.who is well-known in this city.Among those from this city whoattended the performanse of MadamNprdica at Lexington Monday rightwere: Mrs Fanniebelle Scutherland.Miss Julia O'Brien, Mrs. Lizzte Walker, Miss Mary Clay, Miss Kate Alexa der and Mr. and Mrs. Wade Whitley.Mr. an3 Mrs. Virgil Chandler havetiken rooms at the home of Mr. J.. A.Wilson, on Mt. Airy Avenue. Mr.Chandler is superintending the ccnstruclijn work on the underpass at theL. & N. crjssing on fourteenth streetand will remain here until about thefirst of June.Miss Mary Filhian Hutchcraft entertained very delightfully Tuerdayevening with a cotillon at Elks Hall,in honor of her attractive guest, MissEmily Wood?ll. of Covington.The hall was tastefully decorated inyellow and white, the chandelier andthe balcony where the musicians wereseated, being trimmed with smilax,apple blossoms.yejlow jonuils and buttercups. Grella's orchestra furnishedthe music and ices and cakes wereserved during the intermission.The dance was gracefully led byMiss Hutchcarft and Mr. WithersDavif. The hostess was assisted in entertaining by her brother, Mr. ReubenHutchcraft and Mrs. Withers Davis.Public Sale of Lots May 15.Mr. John S.-Jones, the lumber dealer, is subdividing his property in theold fair grounds addition in Paris,' intobuilding lots and will hold a publicsale on Wednesday May 15. Therewill be 25 choice lots located on Nineteenth street, Clifton street andClintonville pike.Thie is one of the most desirableresidence additions in Paris, and thelois'for building purposes could notlay bettfr, and should 'meet with aready : ale. .Watch tne Bourbon News for moredetailed description of this valuableproperty.Inspection of Paris Chapter.Paris Chapter No. 15 Royal ArzhMasons, will be inspected by PastHigh Priest Robert H. Burnam onMonday evening, April 22, at 7:30o'clock. A full attendance of:T themembers is requested.Notice to The Public.Representatives of the Health Boardwill begin the inspection of the townno later then Monday, April 22, Don'twait till the last minute and give someflimsy excuse for 'your negligenc.Don't add tolour troubles. It certainly won't lessen.yours. Grocer;'bakers,butchers, go into your back yards andtake a peep. Are they clean? If not,why. not? You have had ample notice.. A..H". KELLER,Secretary Health Board.MATRIMONIAL.Mr. William Shelton and MissLeona Ruthford. of Austerlitz, thiscounty, were married in this city yesterday, by Squire L. J. Fretwell.For Benefit Hospital Fund. -Frank Mclntee and Milicent Evisonand a company of selected artists, under the auspecies of the Paris HospitalLeague, will appear in Praia inShakespearean plays, on Tuesday,April 23, Seats on sale at Mitchell &Blakemore'a.this morning.Campaign Against'the Fly.Tn eo-ooeratine with the AmericanCivic Association, the civic committee'of the Pans Literary Club will, duringthis season, wage an active warfareagainst the housefly and will, makeevery effort to prove that the practicalextermintion of this dangerous pest isby no means an impossibility. To thisend, the committee asks the co-opera-tif-nnf ovnrv citizen in making a vigorous attack upon their breeding!places. The committee will also putup fly posters in conspicious places,visit the schools and interest the children in the importance of the campaign'against this commcn enemy, dis-frihnHno-Hter&tuie. and use cvrreffort known to prevent the breedingof tu dangerous pest3 mat leayethe sesc's of deab in their path. -W- C. T. U. Convention HeldHere.The Seventh District Convention of;the W. C. T. U, was held in this cityluesday. The sessions "were held in1 the auditorium of the Christian Chucrhand about fifty delegates were in attendance. Not all of the.unions in thedistiict were represented, those beingrepresented and visitors from Chilesburg. -Lexington, Arlington, Winchester, Cynthiana, Lexington Y. P. B.,Carlisle, Lexington Central and Paris.The' opening hours of the conventionwere taken up with devotional exercises words of welcome and response,reports of the officers, the president'smessage, .and appointment of committees. At 1:15 a. m. Miss Laura ClayState Superintendent of Franchise, delivered an address upon saffiage.After the prayer service, at noonjme meeting adjourned . tor Junch,which was served by the WomansSociety of the Christian Church in thespaciousdining roum and parlor of thechurch.After the devotional exercises at1 : :30 p. m. the first order of businesswas the election of officers, which waspostponed from the morning session,and resulted in the re-election of theofficial board.Miss Linda Neville of Lexington,was then Introduced and spoke f6r fifteen minuted in regard to the work ofthe Kentucky Society , for the prevention of blindness, and told also of thefine results of the clinics, which havebeen held at the WC. 1VU, Settlement School at Hindman, Ky.,by Dr.J. A. Stucky and his corps of assistants. Mrs. Sallie Jessee of North Pleasureville, was next introduced, andrea an excellent paper on "The Cooperation of Missionary Societies andTemperance," a new department inthe state work.Mrs. Beauchamp then took up. theschool methods and discussed thedifferent lines of W. C. T. U. work,explaining and asking and answeringquestions. Nj" After the reports of the committeesand discoussion the meeting adjourneduntil 7:30 o'clock. Mrs. Stuckley presided at this session also, and led inthe devotionnal exercises. Elder J. T..?harrard offered prayer, and an uniquecollection speech was made by Mrs.George Milligan, cf New York, whofor several months has been in Lexington. The State President, Mrs1 Beauchamp, was the speaker of the evening.The music for the evening meetingwas under the direction of Prof. AH. Morehead and good hymns and abeautiful anthem were-rendered by hisstrong choir, with Miss Betsy Rayorganist.Attend the Dinner.Attend the dinner to be given by theLadies Aid Society of the Presbyterian church on Tuesday, April 23,frcm 12 to 1 -30 o'clock. The dinnerwill be served at 50 cents per plate.Lime and Whitewash Brushes.We have the best of whitewash Limeand all grades of brushes.19 2t FORD & CO.Original.Ideas, that is our motto. We leadin high clats interior decorations.Our prices are right too.16 2t BORLAND'SSplendid Investment.The Mahaney property, corner Highand Eighth streets, to fie sold at auction, on the premises. April 25, 1912,at 2 o'clock, p. m., is the most desirable business property now for sale inParis. It will make a splendid investment tor any one. Don't forget thedate. , itLaying Leghorns.36 dozen eggs in January, 45 1-2 dozen in February, 63 dozen in Marchfroiu about fifty old hena and .Tunepullets S. C. White Leghorns. Eggs$1.50 per 15, $5 per 100. Pulleta alsofor sale.H. L.-DAUGHEERTY,19 3t Both Phones 231.NOTICE.Tersons having claims aginsat theestate of Russell Mann, deceased, arerequested, to present same, properlyproven, to the undersigned, not laterthan' May 15, 1912. Persons indebted tosaid estate are requested td call andsettle same.KATE B. MANN16-6t Admx. Russell Mann.Bank on ThisThe Trust Department of theThe Bourbon Bank andTrust Co.Paris, Kentuckyoffers many excellent advantages,act as administrators or executorof estate and guardian or trustee"of person or property. Combinessmall cost with perfect security.Officars 'haye hadj many yearsexperience in administrating estates. Will caijry out'the'provisions ofyour will -with exactness and impartiality. .Office open every day to attendto your business.Bourbon Bank & Trust Co.,Paris, Ky.Capital. ond Surplus $146,000.00Ig 3 percent, paid on Time DepositsA Home at Auction.-Read advertisement in anoifnrcr lumn for description of the beautiful cottage to be sold by M. H. Highland on April 24. Sala at 2 p. m. Talkto Harris & Speakes about it. It willmake a splendid investment. tdRoxie" Daw!the Insurance EmtLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and I3est Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Calf.2 Helios 137A new instrumentat a new priceAll the advantages ' of theVictor-Victrola m a moderatepriced model.The Victor-Victrola XI isone of three new styles whichcost less than the largerA:ictor-Vict-rolas but possessthe same richness and purityof tone.Come and hear these newinstruments and find otit aboutthe easy terms on which theycan be bought.:'Nw Other styles $75 to $250 S ! f' f' 'U''',VictrolaarDAUGHERTY BROS.I.Special Showing ofLaceCurtaiins and DraperiesNow is the Time to Make Your SelectionsBefore the Best Numbers Are Gone ....I am in a position to show you the largest and best assortedstock in this part of the State. I make a specialty cf thisdepartment and can save you money. All of our curtainsare bought direct from the manufacturers, therefore cutting out the middle-man profit. Many numbers I buy inlarge quantities, say fifty and hundred pairs of a singleprice and give you the benefit of the saving. Curtainssold heretofore at59 now$1.50 $ 6.50now$5.002.50 now 1.75 7.50 now 6.503.50 now 2.50 1 0.OO now 7.5Q5.00 now 4.00 1 2.50 now 1 COO,We have in stock any kind, any price and if you giveus the opportunity will please you.W. EdAgent Butterick PatternsALWAYS THE NU.IFee's Cash200ASSORTED LAYER CAKESON SALEFriday and SaturdayPLACE ORDERS EARLYDon't Forget. THATGOOO COFFEE' OF . .Chase 8c Sandborn'sATFEE'SL' 'H6aMiuJ&ear Amy.:-11 hen yon 9.0 oxi ino com jo any , yon wani0 know ha yoxt are ijidy, clorc'i yo-u?q9 neve A knew xnil c g.o one 0 i6e eve Ayday, wka a help a cLAess ing. alre ttaxi. xSf. yoxhaven' g.o one ye, Amy, 9.0 &xiv one. SoIrm will$.Lve yoxi he fnoney if. yoxi ask him. YQe. 00,can hen 6ee how hii ejtoheA look Irefo re he aoesoxl. oiln'i i nice 0 have a h-u.4 Land who ae6.y.oxt wha yoxt wan?" . Ois: always, -JCoil.A new lot of Wilton Velvet Rugs just received.Don't buy a cheap Refrigerator. They are high. I.keep the best. Bohn Siphon. North Star. Automatic.Porch Swings, Hammocks, Yard Swings. Best Goofs.Best Prices. 'v. J. X. Hintodft:1rTucker!7I"ISpecials,miv.-it3"-V-.-"c" '- vTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 19, 1912.PEemlinTvr-.. IIwinmow.desLook much better,last longer!Fumish your windows with shades oBrenlin and they'll -always be well dressedFor Brenlin is made of closely woven cloth;without the "filling" that causes ordinaryehades to crack, wrinkle, fade and showunsightly "pin holes." Brenlin alwayshangs straight and smooth wears severaltimes as -long as other shades, and costsbut a trifle more.QDrkll Ikl is made In inany artisticpnUNUlM tones and in .Brenlin Duplex colored one side, white the ether.Come in and let us show you san.r.les :u.dQuote prices. vSTOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESFor Sale by J. T. Hinton&TWIN BROS.,Clothing Department11All the Latest Ideas inSPUING (LOTHNow On Display2LWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department..L. 6c N. TIME-TAEBLIN-EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.Mules and horses continue to diein Mason cGur,ty frcm diseeses en- 'grendered by eating unsound corn 'Many colts have died in Lincolncounty this spring and the loss hasfallen heavily .on a number of breedersuf that section. The cause isattirbut ied to the poor quality of corn feed theanimaig. .Georgetown Court The News reports Georgetocwn court as follows:"Owing to the favoarble weather forfarm work there was a small crowd inOwn yesterday than usual for an Apriltou.rt day. Bu little stock waB on the"maiket, there being less than a hundred head all told. These howeverbrought Btrong prices.The Maysville Ledger says: "Aftw years ago the Maysville CoachHorse Co.', purchased for $3,000 cash abeautiful imported dark bay Percheronstallion. Their investment, for somecause didsn't pan out well, and thisweek the company unloaded and soldthe big animal to RepresentativeStanley v. Reed for $340, and shortlyafterward Mjr. Reed disposed of hispurchase to Mr. C.laverl Early of thiscity for $375. Thus Mr. Early has oneof the most valuable animals in Checountry at a vers small cost."Danville Court The Messenger reports the Danville court as follows:"A good crowd came in to countycourt yesterday, and businesR wasabout up to the standard for April.;Farmers were still complaining of thescarcity of feed, but were delightedby the good headway being made bythe grass. If this continues to growas it has in the past ten days, thetrouble will be greatly reduced. Therewas activity in stock trading, as isalways the case in the spring. Farmers, while behind with their work,were cheerful and Iooing foward to agood year."The Montgomery County Fair iscertainly offering some big purses tothe owners ot saddle and harnesshcrses and suckliog colts this season.These will be known as special premiums and will be paid in gold, so it itsaid. The following are the different"classes and the amount: SucklingColt Stake, $350; Combined Saddleand Harness Class, $250 ; Five gaitedClass, $250; Light Harness Class,$200: Roadster Class, $250.cIThe entryfee is small, considering the amountof 'money offered, and puts Mt. Sterl-.ing Fair in the (front lank for liberality. . The specials will close May 10.Verdict May Be Reserved.The trouble about becoming famous overnight is that there's tomorrow coming.amampmpmTrains ArriveNo. FROM34 Atlanta, G a.. Daily v.....5.21 am134 'Lexington. Ky., Daily.- ' 4.34am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.d5 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except bunday v.da amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily .Except Sunday 8.12 amCincinnati, O., DBily 9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday : 10.20 amT.AYinonn. "ft v.. Dailv '. 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.24Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10Mavsvilla. Kv.. Daily Except Sunday 3.15Lexington, Ky.. Daily pmKnoxville,Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily :5.25 $mCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday : ...5.40 pmLexington, Ky., Daily . . .6,03 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday ..6,03 amJacksonville. Fla., Daily -...6-05 pmCincinnati, O., Daily ... .10:50 pm. - Trains Depart T! '84 Cincinnati. O. , Daily : 5.28. am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday v, 5.35. am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. . .. .. 7.47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except bunday b.zu arr10 Mavsville. Kv.. Dailv Except Sunday 8.20 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.24 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily V 10.27 am6 Maysville, K. , Daily 12.05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday -. 12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.34 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily . 3.4o pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.52 pm39 Lexington, Ky,. Daily Except Sunday 5.57 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.10 pm8 Maysville, Ky., .Dailv Except Sunday . 6.15 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday : 6.25 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.55 pm13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57 p710403731233262591383853930-832,31Value of Good Books.When I consider what some bookshave done for the world, and whatthey are doing, how they keep up ourhope, awaken new courage and faith,soothe pain, give an ideal life to thosewhose hours are cold and hard, bindtogethef distant ages and foreignlands, create ne"w worlds of beauty,bring down truth from heaven," I giveeternal blessings for this gift, andthank God for books. James Ateman Clarke.We -want to supplyyou with Informationabout trading inGRAIN COTTON PROVISIONSunder the rules and protection of theChicago Board of Trade and NewYork cotton iixenange.WE HAVE PRIVATE WIRESW. E. HUTTON &. CO.FIRST NATIONAL I ANN ILN.CINCINNATI'K IN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3, 1911.Trains ArriveNo. ' - FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky. , Daily" Except Sunday ..... 3.40 pm5 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday .- 5.50 pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10.00 pmTran.s JDe;pe,rt' - TO161 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only 7.10 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday 9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky Daily Except Sunday ;-.o.52gamCincinnati Commercial Association Trade Expansion ExcursionTHE accompanying illustration shows Weber's Prize Band, of Cincinnati, and a group of prominent citizens ofthat city, who Will accompany the Excursion to the South, in which this city is included. The special traincarrying from 100 to 125 Cincinnati Boosters, together with the Band, will leave Cincinnati at 7:40 a. m. Monday, morning, April 22d. ". The first day's run will be spent between Cincinnati and Lexington, with stops at Williamstown, Georgetown,Midway, Frankfort, Versailles and Nicholasville. An evening meeting will be held at th& Phoenix Hotel.-On Tuesday, the. second day out, the train -will leave Lexington at 6:30 a. m., stopping at Wilmore, ligh.Bridge, Danville, Somerset, Burnside, Stearns, Oneida and Oakdae, arriving at Harriman, Tenn., at 7:15 p. m.The meeting in Harriman on Tuesday evening will be under the auspices of .the Harriman Business Men's Association. The third day will be spent between Harriman and Chattanooga, between which points stops will be madeat Rockwood, Spring City and Dayton. In Chattanooga the party will visit Lookout Mountain or Chicamauga.Park, and in the evening a reception will be held at the Read House.() On Thursday the special train will stop at Cleveland, Athens, Sweetwater and Lenoir City, arriving at Middlesboro at sundown. An evening meeting will be held at Middlesboro, and on Friday, April 26th, the SpecialTrain will visit Pineville, Barboursville, Corbin, London, Berea, Richmond, Winchester, Paris, Cynthiana and Falmouth, reaching the Queen City at 9:30 p. m.Bovrbon Garage $ Supply Co.VULCAN c'hIued- PLOWSMaf The Vulcan Plow Co.,1EVANSVILLE, IND.TRY THEVULCANWell Finished, Strong, Durable, Light Draft.Rib Strengthened Mold, Full Chilled Shinpiece, InterlockedPoint, Land and Standard. Point has Face Chill, Wide EdgeChill, Long Snoot Chill, Patented Extension and is theSTRONGEST and MOST DURABLE Chilled Point Made.When Buying a Plow, Co'naidar Quality First, Prica Second.Genuine Plows and Repairs for Sale Only byBourbon Garage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sreets,Paris, KentuckyReal Difficulty.It is not difficult to tell the truth;the. .difficulty Is to get the truth believed.One of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are ShowingA moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery;-We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the. idea.ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.And Rarely Profitable.The things men do for spite are seldom" worth doing. --FRUIT AND SHADE TREES!Strawberry Plants, GrapeVines, Asparagus, Rhubarb, Roses, Peonies andPhlox everything for theOrchard, Lawn and Garden. Catalog, free. Noagents. 'li F. Hiilenmeyer & Son?,, Lexington, KentuckyIf7lin j&tNotice! Poultry Raisers4-11-44CURESCholera fiance 1 imhprnprk Rntm. Tanker..IfOITE JLS GOOD-' ninimkAAn nnl oil TlSoO'ftCOC if DntlltFtrXO CUBE, XO PAT Villi 1 ilUCd UIU OH ULUdM VI I UUIUJMiss Katie Bryant. Bardstown, Ky., tayw "I have utcd Recife 4-1 M4 for years aid think it the bestpoilXI?mekrnl?iJe: I'cure gapes and limbetneck without fail. 'WillCoomes, Bardttown. Ky.,says: "One drop of Recipe 4-11-44 dropped down the bill of a gapingchicken kills the worm and relieves the chick instantly. Itis the best preventive I have ever used.Mfg. aid Gaaraiteed by J. Robt Crume, BardstovVn, Ky. Price 50c at all Druggists.SOLD BY, ,,.C. E BUTLER & CO.. ;1MICHEJJNQuick DetachableClincher 'iiEasily Fits Any Quick Detachable RimNo Tools RequiredIN STOCK BY, Bourbon Garage & Supply Co., 4th and High.Yerkes & Prichard, 4th and PleasanttTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRQL 19, 1912NGLE.a33I ARE FIREPROO?orm-proor, too, becau. they interlock and overlap in such a way that theuuWuuJS saow or ram cannot sm under them.Best roof for eounfrv KiiuMinoc k.t. U .v- t n .l. t7 tu 'ii i . i ' , , . i , ,v- omc "ol an mc elements.1 hev 11 last as lone u tht- Kmlrlm. J 1Q - wutwug, auu uckw uccu icpaus.for Sale by Miller & Best, Milfersburg, Ky.LoostiridLa,The Fastest Son of AHerton 2:09 VSired by Allerton 2:09X, the world's leading sire of standard performers:dam; Kathanna (great brood mare), by Alcyone 2:27; second dam KatieJackson; by Almont 33. Holder of world's pacing record, 1 miles, 3:lo.TERMS: $50 TONSURE A LIVING POALPeter Billikeo (3) 2s 16 1-4Son of Peter The Great 2:07,leading sire of fuburity winners, dam Baron Lassie, by Baron Wilkes -2:18.Winner of G-heat rice against aged horses.Terms: $50 to Insurer LivingJFoal.(2) 2.19of Black Wig 2:07, Remorseful 2:08X, Dorcas-H. 2:03, Betsy G.2:10f Katherine A. 2:11 (Ky. Futurity winner 1902), Bessie Brown 2:12W,Nedra W. 2:14, Rena Wise 2:15, Sheeney 2:15, Wig Wag 2:16X, (champion of Europe) Durgee 2:19, and twenty-three others in 2:30 list-.$25 To Insure a Living Foal.The celebrated James E. Clay jack, will make the season at Maplehurst StockFarm. Tom'Mack is the best breeder of mules that euer stood in the county.$1 2 to Insure a Living FoalJW. A. BACOfM, Paris, Ky.Woodland Stock Farm.Headquarters for Draft HorsesBLACK PRINCENo. 4S710.$15 to Insure.BLACK PRINCE - Bought of theGreenville Stock Farm, is a splendidtype of the draft horse, three yearsold, black Percheron, 17C0 pounds inweight. Has proven to be a sure foalgetter and is the kind of horse thatwill appeal to your fancy both inlooks and work. You can make nomistake in breeding to him.Black Percheron.EWt. 1760$15 to Insure,iBURL EY is a splendid specimen of thedraft horse and his get have provento be of the very best. There is a steadily growing demand for the class ofhorses produced by Burley,bothuponthe farm and in the cities. Tney canstand more work than the general runof horses. Burley is 7 years old, abeautiful black. He is well formedand of the class that catches the eye.In selecting a horse to breed to, select one whose produce commandsthe best price.The above horses will make the season of 1 9 1 2 at Woodland Stock Farm ,About 7 miles North of,Pafis on the Cynthianapike.l Money due when colt isfoaled, mare transferred or bred to other stock without my consent. Lienretained on.all-colts'until season'money is paid. Care taken to prevent accidents but no responsibility assumed should any occur.STERLING HINKSON, Lair, Kentucky.CONSTANZA44739Bay Stallion, 16.1 hands; 1,203 pounds.Sired by Constantine 2:12 1-2.ujSire of 60 in 2:30.. -f5 M1 dam Katherine Rogers by Sentinel Wilkes 2499 "(Dam of .Senorita, .trial 2:08 ; rec, (Son of Geo. Wilkes 519 '2:14, Ashlawn, 2:24, Joe Alver'fcon2:26, Nutlawn trial 2:12 . - c' . ,2 dam Bertha Rogers. . .". by Pretender 1453 vdam ofDorris Wilkes 2.14J4 vBedeliaB 2:14 -Pay Girl 2I123 QGrandatn of 3 in 2:30 , . . '3 dam Lela Sprague : by Gvo. Sprague 2:20) : . JDAM OF .Edna Simmons 2:12 "Belle Sprague 2:20, trial 2:10 'Grandam of 3 in 2:30 ' i ' '4 dam Constance by Hamlet 10 , 'dam of1 Brooklawn 2:18 .2 Jim Long, sire of 2 in 2 :30 . v3 Elinora, dam of Bay of Victor 2:30 . - . ?4 Winnie Constance, dam of Ethel V?-.Ray.2:22 . ,5 Mudra, dam of Mudrona 2:26 ...6 Black Walnut, sire of 1. '5 dam : by L. I. Black Hawk 24CONSTANZA will make present season at Brooklawn Farm 2 miles eastfrom Hutchison Station 6 miles south from Paris on Bethlehem pike.$10 to Insure a Live Colt.Last of Literary Open Series.The last of the open sessions of theParis High School Literary Society willbe held in the Public School AuditoriumFriday evening at 8 o'clock.The two sections of the High School,annually compete for literary honors,closing the open sessions for the year.The judges for the debate will befrom the State Uuiversity. The program is as follows, to. which thegeneral public is invited:PROGRAM.Music-High School Band.Prpslrtpnt's ArJrlrPscj rpnnic: Snann.Debate-Resolved, "That, The RapidAwakening of the Mongolian Race isPerilous to Caucasian Supremacy ofthe World." Affirmative, MerrittSlicer and Marmaduke Brown. Negative, Eli Friedman and Joseph Lynch.Male Quartette "Kentucky Babe"W. 0. Stackhouse, Prentice Lancaster,Merritt Slicer and Paul Brannon.Recitation " 'Specially Jim."Marguerite Douglass."The Colonel" Editor, John Stuart.Music High School Band.A Poem .Without Words " TheBachelor's Dream."CAST OF CHARACTERS.Lucian' Arnsparger .BachelorElizabeth Renick. School GirlOlive Taul Athletic GirlElizabeth Brown. -Commencement GirlBeatrice Chapman Dreamy GirlMatilda James Society GirlMary Brannon Hauerhty GirlElsa Heller 7 WidowHazel Duvall FlirtEdna Keller BrideMusic High School Band.The following young gentlemen willact as ushers for the evening: Messrs.Thomas Link. G. C. Thompson.Lawrence Price, Robert Adair andThomas Kearns.Milton Foresaw America?Methinks I see in my mind a nobleand puissant nation rousing herselflike a strong man after sleep, andshaking her invincible locks; methinks I see her as an eagle mewingher mighty youth, and kindling herundazzled eyes at the full middaybeam. John Milton.Helpful Hint.A good way to avoid getting thefingers inky, if one has a tendencythat way, Is to save the fingers ofdiscarded kid gloves and keep themin the writing desk, "slipping one overthe middle finger and another, ifnecessary, over the forefinger, whensitting down to write. This oftensaves time and annoyance when anote has to 'be written just before going out.Gigsntic Loaves of Bread..The biggest loaves of bread bakedto be eaten are those made in Franceor Italy. In the case of the pipebread of the latter country, the loavesare between two and three feet inlength, and occasionally- even longer;while tho French people make theirloaves in the shape of very long rollsof bread ranging from four to fivefeet, and in a few instances over sixfeet in length.Reason for His Belief.A noted German astronomer is ofthe firm belief that Mars is inhabited.He recently explained his belief byremarking that if there were 10,000,000 houses all fitted alike . in theworld and one was known to be- inhabited it would be a logical inference to suppose that all were.. Unrepresented in the Gospels.Hardly any problem of exegesis ismore difficult than to discover in thegospels an administrative or organ-.izlng or ecclesiastical Christ. FrancisG. Peabody.GABE;BLACK ;JACK$10.00 to insure a live colt. Sezrson money due when colt comes alive.Mares transferred, parted with or removedfrom county. Accidents of everykind at owner's risk.. D. BURBRID6E, Hutchison, Ky.. Lexington E. Tenr, Phcne 698 A.NoBaMneesTrknEactedroh'Sandiy'-'' ?Egyptian Karon 51 1 IITrial over Track 3 SecondsSlow 2:09Sired by Oakland Baron 2:09. winner of Kentucky Futurity. Sire ofGail Hamilton 2:06, Rhythmic 2:06J,.Baron De Shay 2:08.1st dam Egyptienne, race record2:18, dam of Egyptian Baron(tr) 2:0954Egyptienne by Mambrino King 1279,sire of Lady of the Manor 2:04 f, Heir-at-Law2:05, Lord Derby 2 :05, grandsire of Minor Heir 1:58 .2d dam Bay Hambletonian (by Hambletonian In, sire of George Wilkes2:22). Bay Hambletonian dam of Henrietta 2:17, Egyptienne 2:18, Don Fulanb 2:22 (sire of Maud M. 2:15,Best Chimes 2;25); Arctic (dam ofArctic Knig-2:19, Nora Chimes 2 :23,Tornado Chimes 2:24, Lydia Vincent2:28W), Lady Bug (dam of June Bug2:29X) Mink (dam of Comanche 2:22 )Third dam by Gold Dust 150.EGYPTIAN BARON is a black horse15.2. A grand individual and one ofthe best representatives of the greatBaron Wilkes, now known as the Futurity family.' Heis one of the fastest,best headed horses in Kentucky, andhas been a mile over my three-quartertrack, which is at least three secondsslower than Lexington, in 2:094, lasthalf in 1:03X, last quarter in :30.Although he is a pacer, he was a nat-i ural and fast trotter and could trot inr I A i J 1 1 TTF ia:4u at iwo years oia. was raced alittle for education, and proved himselfa game level headed race horse, and ifhe stays right, we predict a record of2:05 or better this year He has served,a few mare3, and his colts are good individuals and fast. One, a yearling,out of a pacing mare, is one of the besttrotters, for his work, I ever hadtrotted a mile, with few days work,last fall, in 2:58, last half in 1:26,last quarter in ;4tf. Egyptian Baronwill serve a few approved mares at$25 to nsire a Living Foil.Care taken, but no responsibility assumed for accidents or escapes. Moneydue in all cases if mare chances handsor is parted with. Mares kept on erass.i. of tn l -at -$j..uu per wees.DOUGLAS THOMAS, Paris, Ky;Shakespeare Plays to Be Given.The enterprising ladies of the ParisUnnn:i..1 T 1 t j 1 11nuapnai jueague nave completed an ar-langements ior two plays to be givenbhakesneare's Birthd av. TupfidavApril 23, by the famous company ofoen ureex; flayers, headed by J? rankMcEntee and Milhcent Evison."Twelfth Night" will be given outdoors in the afternoon, on the beautifullawn of Mrs. W- E. Simms' hWest Second street, whiJe at nierhtrhe Merchant of Venice'' will begiven at the Opera House.Many of our people know of thisfamous English company by reputationand have hoped for several years backthat an opportunitv to see them herewould present itself. Undermost favorable circumstance3the time has arrived, and one of our worthiest causes,the Paris Hospital, will benefit thereby.Mr. McEntee has taken up the workthat was started ten years ago in theUnited States by Ben Greet, who withhis company was loaned to this countryby the Elizabethan Stage Society ofEngland.Their presentations of the fifteenthcentury morality M play, "Everyman,"at once won for them a place in thehearts of our people that ever since hasmade them prime favorites whereverthere is an appreciation of the goodand beautiful in literature and thedrama.The company at this time is well balanced, having among them LeonardShepherd, who recently was Mrs.Fiske'sleading man; John S. O'Brien, who was"Manson" "in "The Servant in theHouse," for two seasons; Miss HelenaHead, who played leading parts for E.H. Sothern; Miss Augusta True, whowas starred as "Desdemona" in"Othello" several seasons ago; besidesthese artists who stand high in dramaticcircles Edmund 'Mortimer, ChesterBarnett, George Hare, Henry Calver,J. W. Kelley, Carleton Somnes, WalterBeck, Dorothy Conrey, and others.Mr. McEn tee's interpretations ofHamlet, Shylock, Petruchio, Malvolioand Bottom, have earned for him acountry wide reputation, while MissEvison as Ophelia, Ariel, Juliet andPuck, is one of the most versatile ofypunger actresses now on the stage.The seat sale opens on Friday morning at Mitchell & Blakemore's store.The afternoon performance takesplace at 3 o'clock and the night performance at 8 o'clock.Ultimately -Reach the Goal."Two hearts that .eat as one" mayjangle sometimes, not because theyare actually hostile, but just becausethey lose step. It makes awkwardmarching when you are out of stepwith your comrade, but you both keepoh in the same direction and with thesame purpose, all the time.Two Flc23ant Experiences.To sing with a toothache is aspleasant as having your friend borrow money when you're trying toborrow from him.Have Their Own Methods.The daughters of the land of flowers sometimes curiously reverse European methods. They needle theirthread instead of threading theirneedle, and, instead of running theirneedle through the cloth, they hold itstill and run the cloth upon It.Fortunes in Faces.There's often much truthjin the saying "her face is her fortune," but itsnever said where pimples 'skin eruptions, blotches or other blemishes disfigures it. Impure blood is back ofthem all and shows "the need of Dr.King's New Life Pills. They promotehealth and beauty. .Try them. .25c atOberdorfer's.KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO.99The Blue Grass Route.Hourly High Speed ThroughService.Paris Lexington FrankfortDivision.Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort every hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m.,and at 10 p. m., the last car goingonly as far as Versailles .Cars leave Lexington for Versaillesand Frankfort, and for Paris every,hour on the hour from 6 a. m. until7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p. m., thelast car going only as far as Versailles. Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington and Paris every thirtyminutes after the hour from 6:30 a.m. until 7:30 p. m., and at 10:30 p.m., the last car going only as iaras Lexington.GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTONNICHOLASVILLE -Division.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexingtona'iu lNicnoiasvine every iorty-nveminutes after the "hour from 5:45 a.m. until 6:45 p. m., and 8:05 and10:05 p.m.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetownevery nour on tne nour irom 6 a. muntil 7 p. m. and at 9 and It p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholas-vine every tnirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 p;m. and at 9:30" p. m. and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville for Lexington and Georgetown every fifteenminutes after the hour from 6:1s a.m. until. 2:15 p. m. and 10:15 p. m.Daily Fast Freight Service Between'DowO T -r i -XT !! Tl 1-JCA.iiiguouT v era&nieB, jjranitfort, Georgetown and all Intermediate Points. Freight A gent d Telephones: Old Phone :309, NewPhone 309, " Jjob PrintingWORK DONE .WHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!TRC J2B ReOfflS OFTHErBOURBONAre" prepaired to do' the best ofPrinting on short notice such asB1L LHFADS.LETTERHEADS,CARDS,,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.x Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobTD i J xlwork.Our type is new and -modemfaces.Che Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.ViAdvertisine rates reasonable and made- - -known on application.THE BOURBON NEWS; PARISr KENTUCKY, APRIL Id, 1912;r . Paints, Oils, Etc.'Paints, Oils, Varnishes. Brushes, at16 3t CHAS E. BUTLEK & GO." Opp. Court House Paris, Ky.Poultry Netting.-- t-We carry the cheapest and best line-of poultry netting that can be bought.- Let us fill your order..3 4t LAVIN & CONNELL.Nothing like Them.Onr wall naners are exclusive thereare nothing like them this Qide of thelarge cities. Look them over.16 2t BORLANDS.Lackman Beer.We are now handling the CelebratedLackman Golden Age pale bottledbeer. Ask for Lackman and I amsure you will be satisfied.19 3t ED. SLATTERY.MILLERSBURG ITEMS.r"Zfyt Borne of Comet Toot wear.DAN C0HEN1Let Us Solve TheSpring- wFootweaiProblem For You!We have everything that is correct and beautiful All the Latest Popular Spring Stylesare included. We have the latest model inPumps in Satin, Gun Metal, Patents, Tans.and White Nu-Bucfc. These Pumps are.made on special improved lasts that fit thearch and are rione-slips-off . It will be a veryeasy matter for you to select your Footwearfrom our great assortment. We guarantee tosave you money, Come in and get posted.Specials Tffls 1HLadies' White Nu-Buck, 16-button Boots, made onAhe popular broad high-toe last. While they last,only,S2.99Ladies' WJiite Canvas Button Shoes, a cool andcomfortable Shoe for Spring and Summer. Whilethey last, onlyS1.89Ladies' Tan, Gun Metal and Kid Oxfords in lace orbutton. While they last, only$1.99Misses' White Canvas Button Shoes. While theylast, only$1.49We have the largest selection in White Footwearfor Ladies, Misses . and Children, in this city at agreat saving.vSee Our Great Line of Ladies'Pumps and Colonials They, Are in the Lead.DAN COM EPS,DEATHS.Mrs. Mary Payne is quite ill.Mrs. J. Clark Iyeer is improving.Mrs. T.'D-Judy was in. IyexingtonWednesday.Mr. C. T. Farnell was at home Mondayand Tuesday.Mr. O. H. Collier is confined to hishome with rheumatism.Mrs. James Thorne, who Is sufferingfrom heart "trouble is improving.Dr. and Mas. Dean, spent Wednesdayin Danville.Dr. Moore, of Hart, Co. was the guestof Dr. w. G. Daily, last week.Mrs. W. V. Shaw left Tuesday for avisit to her mother, Mrs Harding, atButler.Amity Lodge No. 40-E. &. A. M. willgive a reception on the afternoon ofMay 15th.Miss Lannie Iyayson has returned aftera weeks visit to Mrs. S. C. Bascom atOwingsville.Mrs. Belle Taylor and- daughter, MissMary Taylor, visited relatives in Cynthiana Tuesday.Mr. Floyd Long, of North WesternUniversity, Chicago, was at home for avisit this week. . .Miss Ethel Fisher who has beenteaching music at Bland, Va., is athome for the summer.Miss Mildred Kemper, of Lexington,was the guest of Miss Ruth McClintockTuesday and Wednesday.Mrs. B. C. Hawkins has returned froma visit to her parents, Dr. and Mrs.Thompson, at Oakwoods.Mr. and Mrs. Johnson were guests ofher parents Mr. and Mrs. R. O. Chambers, at Sardis, this week.Presiding Elder Southgate of Lexington conducted Quarterly Conference atthe Methodist church Sundaj'.Mr. Otto Insko, of Maysville was theguest of Mr. Clemin Insko Weduesdry.He was enroute to Michigan.Mr Geo. Howard and family havemoved from Judyville to a small farmrented by him at Hutchinson.Mesdames Elizabeth Harris and MariePepper, of "Germantown, will arrive today as guests of Mrs. Aaron McConnell.I desire to thank the good people ofMillersburg for their interest and attention during the recent illness of my beloved wife and myself. Geo. Howard.Mrs. Jesse Wilson underwent a severeoperation at St. Joseph Hospital Wednesday by Dr. ' Barrow. The operationwas successful though her condition isconsidered critical.Mr. and Mrs. Leslie Shout, of Owingsville, and Mr. and Mrs. Urvin Swinford,of Carlisle, were guests of their parentsMr. and Mrs. J. H. Carpenter from Sunday until Tuesday.The Mission Study Class of the Presbyterian church will have a sale ofcakes, pies and salads Saturday in thevacant room of Mr. A. Thaxtorr. Thisis an opportunity to get good things foryour Sunday dinner.Dr. C. C. Fisher, president of M F.C. received a communication Tuesdayevening from Gov. Jas. B. McCrearyiiiforming him that he had been appointedto represent Kentucky, in the SouthernSocialogidEl Congress which convenesin Nashville on May 10th.Sheriff Dan Scott and Jailer WilliamBallinger, of Lexington, were hereTuesday, summoning jurors for theDolan murder case at Lexington. Thefollowing were summoned: Messrs C. W.Corrington, T. D. Judy, W. C. Collins,C. N. Johnson, E. W. Ammerman, C. D.Tackett, J. P. Auxier..The Sanders ville Times,, of Sauders--ville,Ga, has the following concerningMiss Virginia Hutchcraft, one of ourMillersburg girls who is teaching in thatlittle city: "On Friday afternoon from3.30 to 4:30 Miss Virginia Hutchcraftand members of her kinder-garden entertained he friends and patrons of thekindergarten. Theae were seventeen ofthe dear little folks on the stage. Rightwell did they equip themselves, therebyreflecting credit on their painstaking,efficient teacher. Every'number of theprogram was thoroughly prepared andcreditably performed. The naturalnessof the work done, won the applause ofall."The Cadet of M. M. I. put oil thethree act Military Drama "The Scouts ofthe Philipines" at M. M. I. drill hallMonday evening to a large and appreciative audience. The play was good,the cast strong and the characters wellselected. The work was done with anease that is rarely seen in school boj-s.Misses Martha Smith, and Louise Myallbeing the only female characters. Onthe whole the work compared favorablywith that given by Mrs. Best in thepast. The musical program was equallygood. Mrs. Best will put on anotherplay with the cadets during commencement and we look forward to it withgreat pleasure.The lecture which will be given Tuesday evening at the Christian church under the auspices of the Ladies AidSociety by the pastor Elder Thos. Smithpromises to be a rare treat.- His subjectis "No Place Like Home", which ofcourse is a broad one, admitting of awide range of thought. Remember thisis the- first lecture we have had thisseason. Elder Smith is a thinker. Hislanguage is chaste and is calculated tohold you with his oratory. Ifhis lecturecompares with his sermons a treat is assured for all who hear him. He is acomparative stranger in our communityand should be greeted with a largeaudience. Come and you will not bedissapointed. Admission 15 and 25cents.EANT.. Mrs. Susan Fant, aged about seventy-fiveyears, died suddenly at herhome in Flemingsburg Tuesday rooming after a few days illness of pneumonia. Mrs. Fant was the wife ofthe late William S. Fant, and leavesthree children,. Nelson Fant Tand Mrs.L. A. Warford, of Fleminaaburg, andMrs. H. M. Boswbrth, of Frankfort.Watch For Plat of Jones' NewSubdivision Sale May 15.' One of the prettiest building sites inParis is the old fair grounds. Theowner of a large portion of thisbeautiful tract is Mr. John S. Jones.Mr. Jones is subdividing this propertyand will put on the market 25 of the-prettiest lots ever offered in Paris.The date for this sale has been set forWednesday, May 15.' Wait for thissale. Watch for the advertisement.Seed That Will Produce.Garden and Flower Seeds.CHAS. E. BUTLER & CO.,12 3t . Paris; Ky.RELIGIOUS.Elder J. T. Sharrard will nreachSunday morning and evening at theChristian church.Rev. E. M. Lightfoot will be inhis pulpitat the Baptist church Sunday morning and evening 'at the usuall ours. The subject for the morningservice will bs "Purity of Heart" andat the evening service he will preachfrom the subjacn, "Inheriting a Fortune." Elder Carey E. Morgan,, of Nashville, Tenn., formerly, pastor of theParis Christian church, arrived yesterday afternoon and last night tookthb Temple and Red Cross degrees atthe meeting of Coeur de Lion Commandery No. 26. He was a guest at thehome of Mr, and Mrs. E. T. Hihton.Sell Two Touring Cars.The Bourbon garage and Supply Co.,of this city, which has made severalshies of automobilesthis spring, closeda contract this week for the sale oftwo handsome touring cars. Dr. W.C. Ussery, of this city, purchasedthrough the firm a handsome Fianderstouring car, and Mr. M. R. Jacoby ofHutchison purchased an E. M. F.touring car. The machines will be deilivered within the next few weeks.Burning Flue Causes Alarm.i The Fire department was called Gutyesterday morning about 10 o'clock tothe residence of Mrs. Maria Bedfordon High street, where a flue was burning out. The large amount of smokeemitting from the chimney caused thealarm. The. fire department respondedpromptly but their services were notneeded. No damage resulted.Fire,wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & WoodfordLackman Beer.We are now handling the celebratedLackman Golden Age - pale bottledbeer. Ask for Lackman and I amsure you will be satisfied.19 3t ED. SLATTERY.Buy An IHC SpreaderFrom Your Local DealerA Splendid Home.A beautiful house end lot containing5 room? in Henry Addition will besold at kcution on April 24. Readthe advertisement in another column,then 'talk to Harris & SDeakei about ic.'jme: i.Ms H... HIGHLAND.BEYOND doubt agood manure spreader is a necessityon every farm. Everylive farmer has asked -himself"Which spreader' is best?""Why is it best?" and, "Wherecan I buy that spreader?"m The answer to these questions is buy an I H C spreaderfrom your local dealer.The fertility of your soil depends as much on proper distribution as on the manure itself.Settle the manure spreader.question once for all. See thelocal dealer and buy anIHC Manure SpreaderKemp 20th CenturyCorn King orCloverleafThe IHC local dealer willshow you good spreader construction and explain why it isgood. When you buy your-spreader from him, he yill setit up for you, show you how toadjust it, start you off right, andbe righc there all the time totake care of any future needs.Study fertility; learn why a 'good spreader is good. Buy anI H C spreader- from your localdealer -that is the beginningof the most profitable farming.fciternatlonal Harvester Company of America(Incorporated)Chicago USAIHC Service BureauThe purpose of this Bureau is to furnish,free of charge, to all. the best informationobtainable on better farmingr. If you haveany vorth)r questions concerning:soils, crop3.land drainage, irrigation, fertilizer, etc .make your inquiries specific and-send themto I H.C Service Bureau. Harvester Building.Chicago. USAKOAL.IBAldN6POWDEAbsolutely PttrTo have pure and wholesomefood, be sure that your bakingpowder is made from creamof tartar and not from alumThe Label will guide yonRoyal is the only bakingpowder made from RoyalGrape Cream of TartarNo Alum No Lime PhosphatesHow is This For a Record of Banking ?List of Dividends Paid in the Past 33 Year3:1895.1805.189(3.1896.1897.1897..1898.1398.1878 $4,0001878 : 4,0001879 3JK)01879 ... 4,0001880 ..... ....... 4,0001880...... v.. 4,0001881 4,0001881 '..... 4,0001882 ....... "4,0001882, 4,0001883 4,0001883 4,0001884 , 4,0001884. : 4,0001885 5,0001885 5,0001886 5,000188.6 .... 5,0001887....: ' 5,0001887 5,0001888 .. 5,0001888 5,0001889 5,0001889. 5,0001890. 5,0001890. 5,0001891 5,0001891..:, 7,0001892 6,0001892. 6,0001893. 6,0001893. 6,0001894 6,0001894 6,000Dividends in 33 Years $232,000.00The above is not the result of an accident, but is the result ofsane, legitimate banking.U flgriculturl Bank of Pari$1899..1899. .1900. .1900.1901. .1901. .1902..1902. .1903. .1903. ,1904..1904. .1905. .1905. .1906. .1906..1907. .1907..1908.1908. .1909. .1910. .1010. .1911. .1911. .6;0006,0006,0006;0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005.0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,000-5,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,000Capital$100,00.00Surplus$67,500.00Protection$267,50U.UUXX9YOU CANMEASUREABANKt'fi,i",H - i- iiSIZE'j"T'i,',lCopyright 1910, by the Standard Adv. Co.aujumrrYOU can't measure a bank by weightsi b or Quantity, but by the integrity of its officers, the characterJ.J!t.c3firec3:orsand the Policy of the institutiors. This has always been theunderlaying basis of our business.United States Depository for Postal Sava gs.We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accountsDEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS,Capita! $100,000 Surplus $30,00044Afttt tti j ,-,