'jCv- "V - '-"TTHE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARj u. V Jf-'tI ' ? jilt.4t, ,, aMVVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, AUGUST 9, 1912- vwas(is(isssV(is(isOSmasas&(is(isfV "mmmm.'- i 1 BBBIPCBig Reduction IOreASlTftWI il l WWtofthe , WBeginning This Week We Will Reduce all HANNAN and NETTLE-TON OXFORDS, and also Ladies9Pumps and oxfordsoWe have a great many WHITE SHOES and PUMPSin Nubuck and Canvas that will be greatly reduced.These will be for CASH ONLY.GEO. IVScWILLIAMS,Phones 301TSie Shoe IVSaraMl ff "V -.,. .r..---p- -y- m- . -f"- ' T lfT H ' HH lH Pl T'rf lllW lLfc V.iavvr-vwewpr -- -"i jgr'rwlome-and Brood $'$ Dotjj Over the High Cost of Living,! But Come in and See What We Can Save You ongroceries, oeiow is Just a rew orwOur Many Bargains:16 lbs. Granulated Sugar $ 1 .OO8 Bars Lenox Soap 25cBrass King Wash Boards 30c2 Cans Good Corn 1 5c1 lb. Can Royal Baking Powder ". . .45cRoyal Seal Oats per can 1 1c(The Only Oats for Summer)Pure Hog Lard per lb 1 4cMason Fruit Jars, qts., per doz GOcMason Fruit Jars, pts., per doz 50cFruit Cans, per doz 35cBLUE RIBBON PLOUR25-lfo Sack SOc50-ib Sack $ 1 .601 OO-lb Sack $3.20Alleged Robbers Arrested in ParisA message was received in this citvWednesdav afternoon telling of the, robberv of the paymaster of the Pat" terson-Griffith Construction CompanyTuesday nil? lit at Butler, a few milesnorth of Falmouth. The paymaster'was relieved of $985 by a gam? of fiveneproes, three of which were ern-cloyed by the construction company.The message came to the local po-lice, who we-e asked to be on the lookout for the men, who were believedhave m'oeeeded in the direction oParis after, the robbery had been pernetrated. The money!taken from! paymaster was not the property of the tcompany, but represented his savirgsfor the past six years.Upon receipt of the telephone mes- jsage the local police kept a sharp .lookout for the men. of whom theyhad a very accurate description and JWednesday night about 12 o'clock Pat-jrolman Fred Link took into! custody tWill Deans and Will Overtree, two negroes suspected of beincguiiplicated inthe robbery, a short time after theyalighted from the fast passenger trainj from Cincinnati.Both men were well dressed andcarried suit caseb. 'Upon beingsearched a 45-caliber Colts revolverwas found on Deans, while Overtreecarried a 3S Smith & Wesson special.The turn of $40 in bills was found onDeans and Uvertrpe had about 70The men were locked, up and yesterdaymorning Patrolman .Link communicated with the supeiintendent of the construction camp, giving a description ofthe men and he was instructed to takethem to Falmouth, where warrantshad been issued for their arrest.Deans denied any connection withthe crime whatever. He said he leftWinchester last week in company withOvertree and that Mondav the latleileft him saving he was going to thecostruction camp of Caldwell. Thenext night he said he returned in company with three other negroes whosenames were given to the police heietogether with their ' description andlocation in Cincinnati.lie said that the members of thecrowd seemed well supplied withmoney, but they would not tell wherethey secured J t. Deans is from RockyMountain, N. C , while Overtree sajshe came hereabout a year ago fromAtlanta, Ga. " The supposition is thatthe negroes after committing the robbery went to Cincinnati where theypurchased the tevolvers and the supplvof clothing.Patrolman Link left yesterday atternoon on the 3:30 L. & rt., train withthe prisoners in charge after communicating with the Pendleton officialsand went to Cincinnati last nightwith the hope of rounding up theother members of.the gas g who participated in the robbery.Real Estate Transfers.The following leal estate transfershave been recorded in the office ofCounty Clerk PearcePaton, in the pastfew days.Ballard Peterson, to J. D. Bradley,in Millersburg. S85.00J. D. Bradley to Richard Bishop. lotin Millersburg, $95.00J. D. Bradley to Mrs. Hattie Snapo,lot in Millersburg, $575.00.U. S. G. PejDer to J. O. Kails, tractof 35 aces, $1.00 and other considerations. "Richard Bishop to Martha Case, ,lotin Millersburg, $100.A. H. Robinson tu Allie Thornton,lot in Pans.g$150.00. gg5&Jennie F. Barnes to Thomas MarvinRathff, lot in Paris, $10.00. and otherconsiderations.r....."WE -KNOW HOW"-if-Wy$VOur Entire Stock OfHaiG 0 PanamasAt 3-3 Di3 lscount, All Slicesand Kinds at The FollowingPrices. CASH.$10.00 Panamas now $6.67$8.00 Panamas now 5.34$7.00 Panamas now 4.67$6.00 Panamas now 4.00$5.00 Panamas now 3.34-$5.00 Straws now 3.34$4.00 ' Straws now. . .' t 2.67$3.00 Straws now. .: 2.00$2.00 Straws now 1 .34$1.50 Straws now ,. 1 .OOiBuy Now While The SelectionIs Large.Mitchell & Blakemore,iOutfitters to MenParis, Kentucky9 tW IHHHKP iMHMflHV .5T. C. LENIHAIN,Cash Grocery.('mg.WiELEiiiiiiiiiiiiimmiiiiniii! (iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiuMiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiwBoth Phones 234LTjU1-3 OFFON ALLStraw HatsAND?3&tPanamasSpecial Pricesmm-OIN?m&&mBOYS' SUITSprice & 60. Giotniersand Furnishersxmmm)wSunday School Convention afirand Success.The annual'convention ot the Bourbon County Bible School Associationot the Christian Church, held at Clintonville yesterday was the most successful in the history of the organization. The local attendance was exceptionally large, only two of the districts of the county being without arepresentative, Ruddles Mills andJackstown, and the report from theseshowpd the inconvenient mean9 ofreaching the place ot holaing the convention rendered it impossible.TheChristian Church at Clintonville,in which the exercisies were held wasdecorated for the occasion with a profusion of cut flowers and growingplants. Mr. L.rA. Soper, president ofthe Association, presided over the exercises, and the excellent piogram wascarried out in every particular.Many of those who attended wenton the train and were met in automobiles and other conveyances whichwere in'charge of Mr. Newton Shropshire. The program opened with devotionalexercises and Misses tithleen and Dollv Smith and Edith and ElizabethWeathers welcomed with song the visitors which was followed by" the address of the President. Mr. W. J.Smith and Elder J. W. Ligon. ofNorth Middletown. made two excellent addresses during.the morning session. Z At noon a delightful lunch wasserved and heartily enjoyed bv thelarge number present. The afternoonsession was partly devoted to thejjbusiness of the association. Followingthe report of the secretaries the nominating committee reported the selection ofJMr. N. F. Shropshire as oresident of the association for the ensuingvear. W. O. Hinton, vice president,J. B. Cray, secretary, and J. W. Lion, superintendent of the Adult BibleClass. North Middletown was selected as the place for holding the convenion in 1913.The Model Worker's Conference,which wa5 led by Mr. Smith was participated in by Miss Anna May, of'Mt.Carmel, and Dr. Clay Burroughs, ofMillersburg. Kev. E. W. Ellis, andW. O. Hinton delivered addresses during the afternoon session. The meeting closed with the Herbert MemorialService.Zwhich.was ld by Mr. Smith.i& Ia1 5FRANK & COSThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.Pinal Clean-Up SaleOFLadies' Ready-to-Wear Garments......... pAll!P$25.00 Ladies' Suits, now15.00 Ladies' Suits, now35.00 Lingerie Dresses, now25.00 Lingerie Dresses, now20.00 Lingerie Dresses, now15.00 Lingerie Dresses, now10.00 Lingerie Dresses, now30.00 Silk Dresses, now25.00 Silk Dresses, now" 20.00 Silk Dresses, now10.00 Linen Dresses, now .' .7.50 Linen Dresses, now5.00 Linen Dresses, nowOther Rcady-to-Wcar Garments- . - Price - - -9.985.0017.5015.009.987.754.9815.0012.5010.004.983.983.98ReducedincFRANK 5c C9Paris,KentuckyaiiiiiiiiuniiiinuumtitMiriMiMiiiiiiiiHirrmniiMuiiiHiiiiiiiiitmiiuiiiumMgHiiiMiMMiiniwwwHjinanIi1Itotouivr y xvy zi:4iNus&MWWMM:MMi,v 'i -r ':'r " .y -rixi'-Vtoigg.2sbSessbc:isacmtSSSCmmm"T '".i.wV't "I-K'-jifsickness, Scott's Emulsionincreases the appetite and buildsstreagth rapidly. Its wonderfuliili l assists nature inrestoring keallh. AM Druggists.Scott A: Bowiic. Uloomfield JJ J 12-7Notice.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.?David Hickman's Administrator,Plaintifft Vs. Notice..His Heira,DefendantsAll 'person holdincr claims againstthe estate of David Hickman, deceased, are hereby notified to Drescntj.thetsame, proven, as required by law, tome at my office at the court house, inParis, Bourbon county, Kentucky. fejAll claims not presented by SpptemJjer 1. 1912. will be barred.C. A. MCMILLAN, M. C. B. C. C.Modern Equipment,4 Barbers, "Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDWanted.HARBERHOPIcus, but it retreats before civilization.To get in touch immediately with a ' The Bull Moose is even less desirablevoung man, coilsge student preferred, as a party emblem. It is a showy creafn connection with Four States Tour tUre-quite striking in apnearance, butnublicitv. Here's work for all summer . . , ., , . ., , lt.. ,if you want it. Address, stating! 0 sulted to the ll!sher altitudes--quaiirications,ALLEN S. MOODY, j its presence chills you.224 Saks B'Pd'g. Indianapolis, Ind.. j Give us the donkey the paient, hard-SOHIC ClOOQ A(iVIC6! working donkey. He is everywhere,J and always toiling for the common nec-T'o "tflP FCOO'Sb 'e e lifts up liis voice occasionallvH in hopeful supplication fora better day-n4- nii,. u -?, !-.,. ,-,uvju j ocuj'uui kjikx J.CO.UHCJ.O un-xil you find out the prices, You misirea e": " an;maC0Uia1?fct:lknauP"8 Vu .adford Knopr wiiii becan call US and we will look at ter symbolize ulility.and universality? ; faeyour feather, or if you live in ' H1S ,,fe ls a llIe L serv,ce and he ,s , to assist in farmdeinoi.slrating in Ket -thannnnv cAnrl nc a cairml T ! omnipiesent. The Democratic party tucky.VJliV. VUUlIliJ WVii a.j m, ks.m.lj. J."will let you Know wnat tney are.-111. 1 Itfl-worth. Some old feathers if they"have been well cared for are as 1iood as new. We pay market-price for new feathers.MAX MUNiCK,.th Street, PARI3, KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 374AUTO FOR HIRESpecial attention given toparties desiring to hire automobiles. Call on us forpricesTRANSFER...."Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is our.specialty.MARTIN BROS.Livery, Peed and Sales Stable.Eighth Street Both Phones.Hot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold baths,everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thttrade. No long waits. You are nextM. A. KAHAL.Professional CardsJ JT. WELIilAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.i&oom 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones i JLiL1..( E T VAC Residence j Home 33i.TR.A.H KELIiER,JL " Practicing Physician,"Office, Roomsand 5, Elk's Bld'g- - KentuckyTHE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT" CHAMP,PublisherEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year $2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvancelEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right o' publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space ' is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.DEMOCRATIC TICKET.For President,HON WOOUROW WILSON,of New Jersey.For Vice-President,HON. THOS. R.MARSHALL,of Indiana.For CongressHON. J. CAMPBELL CANTRILL,of Scott county.The Three Emblems.The elephant is an impesing lookingbeast, but it never did inhabit manycountries and its species is dying out.It was an object of fear m the jun-teles and is still a curiosity at the cirNeither the, moose makeselephant nor the bulla good party emblem.and he kicks sometimes when heisi . , , . . ...( is to be congratulated on having es-:apedt the elephant and the bull moosehail to the Democratic Donkey!Stray Dcgs in London.About three thousand stray dogsare gathered up each month by theLondon police.Tobacco Man Accused of Arson.Bolin Wright, of Maylield, a prominent tobacco dealer, was arrested Monday afternooon on a warrant charginghim with arson. A bond of 82,000 wasgiven. His arrest followedthat of LeePerkins, and was the aftermath of thefires three weeks ago when four tobacco barns were burned, and propertyto the value of 50,000 was destroyed.Shocking Soundsin the earth are sometimes heard befoie a teriiole earthquake, that warnot thecomine peril. Nature's warningsare kind. That dull pain or ache inthe back warns you the Kidneys needpttcfo". if vo rould escape thosedanycots inl ic.'es, Dronsy, Diabetesor Biigiit s difcease take Electric Bitters at once and see backache fly andall your best feelings return. "Myson received great benefit from theiruce for kidnev and bladder trouble,"writes Peter Bondv, South Kockwood,Mich., "It is certainlv a great kidney medicine." Try it. 'J50 cents atOberdrfer's.Forestry Board to Meet.Gov. McCreary has called a meetingof the State Boaid ot Forestry forb'rankfort next Monday. The boardwill consider the appointment of aState forester. Several applicationshave been presented, with recommendations from the Government Bureauof Forestry. Gov. McCreary prefersappointing a Kentuckian it one can bafound who meets the reauirements ofthe law creating the office. The r -cumbentmust be a graduate of ascnuol of forestry. The bord is c n -posedof G v. McCreary, Co mm is u-r -erof Agri ultuie Nvwman and Viof.M. A. Scuveil, diiector ot the Experiment Station, ex -officio, and Mrs. Mason Maury, of Louisville; V. H. Mackey, of Covington, Jand J. N. Camden.Plan lo Organize Trotting CircuitA movement is on foot to organize atrotting circuit for next year, whichwill give six to eight week' racing.The towns proposed are Richmond,Winchester, Mt. Sterling, Maysvilla,Versailles, Lexington, Cynthiana andDanville. The method will be to holda meeting in a short time and see ifthe organization cannotbe put on footand hold the race meetings in conjunction with fairs during the summer andthen follow them up with trottingmeetings in the fall. The plan beingput on foot will begm'thu fairs ; aboutJuly 20 to 25, and the trotting meetings the latter part of August. Thisplan has been - worked- successfully inother States ?nd, if put on in Kentucky, will revive -the racing and makethe trotting industry become what itused to be.KEEP THEKIDNEYS WELLHealth is Worth Saving, andSome Paris People KnowHow to Save It.Many Paris people take their lives intheir hands by neglecting the kidnevswhen they know these organs needhelp. Weak kidneys are responsiblefor a vast amount of suffering and illhealth, but there is no need to suffernor to remainjn danger. Use Doan'sKidney Pills a remedy that hashelped thousands of kidney sufferers.The following statement leaves noground for doubt.John W. Myers, blacksmith. EastMain St.. Carlisle, Ky.,7says "We arehardly ever without Doan's KidneyPills in the family, as they are a finekidney medicine. My kidneys wereweak and acted irregularly. The kidney secretions also contained a sediment and my back ached. When Iheard about Doan's Kidney Pills, Iused them and since then, I have hadno further trouble."For sale by all dealers. Price 50cants. Foster-Mil burn Co., Buffalo.New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the name Doan's andtake no other.Cherry-Blossom Land.If any one seeks the heart olJapan, he will find it in the blossomof the mountain cherry exhaling itsfragrance in the morning sun.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES.John McConnell sold his farm of345 acres in Boyle county, situated onthe Lebanon road, to Dr. EadB, for$140 per acre. The farm is known asthe old Sam Moore pace and is one ofthe best in the county.The International Harvester Comnany Monday field its anwser to theGovernment's dissolution suit, andmade stiong denial ot ail charges preferred, saying, to the contrary, thatthe company has proved a bencfic tothe public and to employes.T7 (r.. fr- . p,n;nn m,, . - TiT.nr;nrr ,n m nn;,0 Q nmnon an tona a three-days trotting meeting atthe fair grounds in tnat citv the weekpreceding the Lexington trots. Shouldthe meeting be held, at least $4,000vill be given away in purses.Commissioner of Agriclture J. W.Newman has been selected to takecharge of the fund in Kentucky for thenroposed memorial to the late S. A.Knapp, of the Federal Department ofAgriculture, of whom it is said, he didmore for agriculture in the Suuth thanany other man. An agriculturalschool, to be known as the KnapDSchool of Countrv Lite, is to be established in connection with the PeabcdyInstitute at NaIivillpai:d this memo-liial fund is for the purpose of erecting. nc nft. -!-. I...-.-. ,.,!. .. . n-rfie Won't Limp Now.No moie limning for Tom Moore.of Cochran, Ga., "1 had a bad coreon my instep that nothing seemed tohelu till I used Bucklen's ArnicaSalve," he writes, "but this wonderful healer scon cured me." Heals oldrunning sores, ulcers, boils, burns,cuts, bruises, eczema or piles. Try it.Only 25c at Oberdofer's.Natural Thought.Eve If I were to die would youmarry again? Adam How many ribsdo you suppose a fellow can losewithout coming to pieces?Mr. W. S. Gunsalus. a farmer livingnear Fleming, Pa., savs he has usedChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy in his fpmilv for flftten years' and that he has found it tobe an excellent remedy and takespleasure in recommending it. For saleby all dealers.Whence the Term "Gazette."The name "gazette" as applied toa newspaper is derived from a smallVenetian coin, the price of the firstnews sheet published there.Kentucky Fair Dates.The following are the dates fixed forholding the Kentucky fairs for 1912, asfar as reported. Officers of fairs arerequested to report to us any omissionsor correction of dates.Fern Ceek August 13, four days.Leitchfield August 13. four days.Vanceburg August 14, tour davs.Rrodhead August 14, tlrea days.Hardinburg August 20, three days.Shepberdsville August 20,four days.Lawrenceburg August 20,four davs.Columbia August 20, four days.Erlanger Aueust 21. four days.Emin-nc Auarut 22, four days.Stanford Auguct 21, three days. 'Ewing Auirust 22, thee days.Snelbvville August 27, four days.Hodgenville August 2, four davs.London August 27, three days.Nicholasville August 27,three days.Fulton August 28, four days.Germantown August 28, four days.Dover August 28, four days.Springfield August 28, four days.Florence August 28, four days.Franklin August 29, three days." Elizabetht iwn September 3, threedays.PARIS, September 3. five days.Tompkinsville Spetember 4, fourdays.Barboursville September 4, threedays.BardBtown September 4, four davs.Bowling Green September '4, fourdays.Sanders Tri-County Fair, September 4, four days.Monticello September 3, fcur days.Louisville State Fair Sept. 9 sixdavs.Melbourne SeDtember 17, rWe days.Horse Cave September 18, fourdays. 4SPECIAL DAYS AT FAIRANNOUNCED BY SECRETARY" DENT CHAIRMAN FOREACH ONE.Kentucky State Fair, September 9-14,Has Set Aside Days for Various Interests.While every day during the week ofthe State Fair, September 9-14, willbe one on which the people of Kentucky and the. surrounding states willbe given the glad hand by the management Secretary James L. Dent, inkeeping with past custom, has setapart each day and night as specialones on which residents of certainsections, members of various fraternaland secret societies and their friendscan attend the fair and feel more athome on account of such association.Fred. W. Keisker, an original StateFair booster, has been named as general chairman of the Special Days andNights Committee, and he has associated with him as special chairmanfor each day and night well-knownbusiness and professional men, guaranteeing that those who attend thefair on any of the special days ornights as a compliment to the variousorganizations will be well cared for.Following is a list of special daysand nightsMONDAY, SEPTEMBER 9.Governor's Day Educational SchoolChildren's Day.Prof. Barksdale Hamlett, chairman.Prof. E. O. Holland, vice chairman.TUESDAY-, SEPTEMBER 10.Farmers' Day Good Roads Day.H. A. Sommers, Elizabethtown, Ky.,chairman.Charles E. Barker, Pembroke, Ky.,vice chairmari.WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11.Louisville Day Indiana Day.W. O. Head, Mayor of Louisville,chairman.Adam He-'mberger, New Albany,Ind., chairman.THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 12.All-Kentucky Day Press Day.E. D. Shinnick, Shelbyville, Ky.,president of the Kentucky Press Association, chairman.FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 13.Fraternal Day.D. H. Kincheloe, Madisonville, Ky.,chairman.SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 14.Boosters' Day.D. B. G. Rose, chairman.SPECIAL NIGHTS.Charles B. Norton, general chairman. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 9.Woman's Clubs Night Mrs. CharlesP. Weaver, chairman.The Times Night R. W. Brown,chairman.TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 10. .German-American Night LouisSoelbach, chairman. 1The Anzeiger Night H. V. CohnJchairman.WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11.Irish-American Night W. J.O'Hearn, chairman.The Herald Night TV. K. McKay,chairman.THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 12.Military Night Col. J. Tandy Ellis,chairman.Courier-Journal Night rHarrison R.Robertson, chairman.FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 13.Business Men's Night Maj. John H.Leathers, chairman.The Post Night Boyle G. Boyle,chairman.SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 14.Boosters' and Farewell Night Dr.Ben L. Bruner, chairman.FARM BOYS' ENCAMPMENTOne Representative From Each County Will Be Included Selection byCompetitive Examination.Each succeeding year brings newfeatures to the Kentucky State Fair,some in point of instruction, others inpoint of amusement. This year thsnewest, and one of the best featuresever planned by the fair management,is the holding of a Farm Boys' Encampment during the week of the fair.It is planned to have one hoy fromeach of the 120 'counties in the statein the encampment. This will giveone representative boy from eachcounty a chance to see and to studythe best that is possible in the way oflive stock, farm products, improvedmethods, improved machinery, and infact every appliance and tool in use,on an up-to-date farm.The knowledge and educational benefit derived from this camp of instruction will be spread broadcast throughout 'the entire state. The selection ofthe boys will be made on a competitive examination of essays by a committee composed of the county schoolsuperintendent, a member of the stateboard of agriculture and a member ofthe faculty of the Agricultural college.The applicant must be between theage of 15 and 18 years, and must reside and work on the farm. The essay to be submitted by them is to consist of not less than 400 and not morethan 600 words, upon the subject of"Our Home Farm." The essay mustbe in the hands of the committee before the 2t0h of August. The applicant whose essay receives the higheststanding will be entitled to a free tripto. the Kentucky State Fair from eachcounty.In addition to free transportation,lodging and meals at the fair groundswill be furnished. The boys will bemet at the railway station in Louisville by competent guides, who willtake themtodhe fairgrounds, at which,place theyWl be under the immediate supervision of Prof. T. R. Bryant,of the Agricultural college.FOR THE WOMAN WHO THK1KS AND FEELS.Some women complain that they pcrediciHy suflfcr from dull and v-vy feel-i-,:,, In th iid. nervousness, pruo ani beanng-aown tuei..,; -cfaniSd not occur to the normal hwlthyto these pains at somc-ti in t h,w- ,-i ...... t'r. Si.-1 f..sliver, etc. A relator u.il tera.''c onioDSL, yjSillCA-U FA vrO -ms proven its vc:- in orsnn s m '- .r 1 .Z '.Hi.t"rQ or tjc,-1 .' noI h""Cnr.d genlm. .tiill i-Vill o I -is c. .pTvm- .Nnbk tmJ7 'Sr?YJ iTlii -. -. nrSidnco. b h 1 -ids, rd vv&en that' Jrflf and left ma fit a. I hltLy. I Icri !,Lc f ysn trk -o.. .LI3S. Maetki.for Sale by Miller &XmiyIIHHII 1 They interlock and overlap each other in such a way that the I MI hardest driving rain or snow cannot sift under them. I HI Won't pulsate or rattle in wind-storms. They're also fire-proof, will I Mlast as long as the building, and never need repairs. mmmmmwmmwwwMmTWIN BROS-Clothing DepartmentAll the Latest Ideas inrIP?Now On&&S LWOLLSTEIN? Clothing and Shoe Department. :S2c)(ac2Btgt5S35gSfl2ZSS)'223B3aWhy not you join the great army ofcvstomers and burnNow is the time to try a load.Dorison & DentonPARIS, KY.Qsfe&eZmQssGumbcrlana telephone ana telegraph CompanyINCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the Cumberland Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Miliersburg, North Middletown, Little Rock andRuddles Mills."When you have Cumberland service youwIIAVE telephone service.1 'Cumberland Telephone and Telegraphr Company" ' . Incorporatedwoa - en. ; t ot -very women :-suW."" ' ".- aleditions in Jlfe, such.no - .r (' 1naf t ... nat;. - iu . : lots wlia.iTFIS-.Yin;.V.,h the ve best ir-ilt, .v.l thehav -avsdn-ii i'rciiir; - 1 r -wrors . -j i 1 : x-.. - - - -, ,., -rr. m rMLmiSf.EUlCir.- vr,j"-"u,' . -H rr: r- -for7.Mate ry. 1. ? f.ow u ?, - 'r-iVain-i- .1 ...urc S3ciw."r... -" tA"iv i j.irrrnTi i.oox. iaci-uu.v a, ,- t Tr t'Common Sense Medical Adviser, newly revised up-to-datacdition-of 10u paeb, answers hosts of delicate questionar. ,.,...or, cm lie nr married. OUdht to know.Vnicn every uiui ...&.- , . ,Sent free in doth binding to any address on receipt ot il' one-cent stamps, to cover cost ot wrapping and mailing only.Best, Millersburg, Ky.SDisplayj'H&u;r ifevt Jt - 'U;U'iteik&i&!i:lX"-.?$$K'A ,VTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 9, 1912.mbhbb masmmmOFJust to Better Satisfy Ourc.3-iistomers1$100 Reward $100.Ths repders of "this psper will bepleased to learn that theie-is at leastone dreaded disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stages, andthat is Catarrh. Hail's Catarrh Cureis the only positive cure now known tothe medical fraterniu. Catarrh being a constitutional disease, requires aconstitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, actingdirectly uuon the blobd and mucoussurfaces o"f the system, thereby destroying the foundation of the disease,aud' giving the patient strength bybuilding up the constitution and assisting nature in doing its work. Thenroprietors .have so much iaith in itscurative nowers that they olfer OneHundred Dollars for any case that ittails to cure. Send for list of testimo-Address l J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo. Ohio.Soid bv all druggists, rioc.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.HIVE IS NEWOBSERVATORYAll the Doings of Bees and Queen CanEe Watched Found QuiteHandy and Is Inexpensive.31y observatory hive consists oftwo circles of inch wood made exactly the same size, arid with a threeinch hole cut out of the center ofeach, writes "Walter Chitty in theGleanings in "Bee Culture. At the bottom of one of the circles a bee entrance is made which reaches as far1 as the center hole. The bees can runTlcasro-jKcaCiiaPKkC"8crJy6e11 W V HnMfcx IKvMmmW 5sHyi&?3yBWe have now added fco our already complete equipment the1-ifcest invention in a Goila,- finishing machine! On this machine,the operator plaefcs a cellar over a circular steel band, as shown inthe pictire above, which fits into a steam heated groove, and byprcw-ig the collar firmly for a few seconds simply moulds it intopriact hape. It is the only machine on the market which spreadsV c Collar so there is ample space for your tie to slip and hichenvs your linen a ."3 ' per cent, longer life because it eliminates alltilction and absolutely does away with cracking and rough edges.To demonstrate the fact that this machine will not tsar orwear your linen, an ordinary collar was subjected to 25,000 consecutive pressings and showed no signs of wear."We will be delighted to have you call and see the machinein operation, also many other improved devices which we haveadded in our endeavor to set the Elue Grass standard for qualityLaundry Work.BOURBON LAUNDRYElement of Decay.Indirect influence had its nearly perfect -oik in the Persian empire,where the Que:i Mother js permitted to exercise an mjuilous Influence Jover the king, the court, and the emrire. It was one of the tendencieswhich leads Sayce, the histoilan, to 'say, after touching upon it: "In !short, the empire contained within it ifrom the first all the elements of decay."One of the most common ailmentsthat hard woikins people aie afflictedwith is laiie back. Apulv Cinmberlain's Liniment twice a day and massacre the narts tnouioughiv a? each appliatiun, and you will get relief,sale by all dealersmiwv ill' IPMObservatory Hive.NoveryAs It Is in Life,one ever has the choice of thebest. Most things, humanlyalong to the center, and then ascend.Four pieces of wood, ahout threeaches wide, are firmly fastened withcrevs, as shown, and three groovesFor j are cut in each of these pieces, andcorresponding grooves in the twolarge circles. The center grooves arefor foundation, and the ether groovesfor glass. The foundation could beFor singles trap cr field iusttoss in a shell, press the button and "PULL." The 'side boltmakes it easy. You don't have to tug at the barrel or watch anon-and-off device. The action stays open after each single shotis fired. It always stays open when the magazine is empty.Five shots three to get the cripples each under absolute control of the trigger finger. The recoil reloads for you kicksanother shell in; takes the strain off the gun the discomfort outof the kick all without diminishing the drive behind the shot,Simple take-down a few turns of the readily handledmagazine screw-cap makes cleaning, carrying and inte--changeof barrels quick and easy.Send for a motion picture booklet tellkierhow thekick is used how a friction device found onl onthe Remington- UMC Autoloading Shctgu tikesthe punishment out of heavy loads.Write to-day.REMINGTON ARMS - UNIONMETALLIC CARTRIDGE CO.299 Broadway 7 New York Cityf iniiii...y.-ras: ' . .'K,&m-Lrmirnr TTgiii I I iim 1TTT1 T i HliTIMfcAj&LUEAXdCZill ill iim nil inn inn inn urn n w I n-TKTiTTUfm t I, I'll I l ,! !! ,,ii i n r Ian t hi ii n n m w mwm m i 1 1speaking, are simply the choice ofone good thing and one not so good.aiwired if desired; hut if good thick !DAVIS & FLNK, Props"Where Linen Lasts"Phones No.4.Wis, Ky.mmmemwjITTTrjrmHil I M I Wff njnyinHin...ii.awpiggtMwjBm1.t.ii t.wnrrwrarxA!co.or,c BeveragesBoth the Chinesemanufacture alcoholicrice.From Rice,and Japaneseyverr ces fromA vast amount of ill health is due lolmnmrpfl itulipestion. Wliesi the stom-1 ach fails to perform its fuuctions proc- glass, as fancy dictateserly the whole system necomes aeranceri. A few does of Chamberlains Tablets is all you need. Thevwill stremrthen your digestion, invigorate yout liver, and regulate yourbowels, entirely doins away withthat miserable leeling due to faulty aiaestion. Try it. Manv others havebeen permanently cured why not you?For sale bv all dealers.G a IsCrC.I have just secured a new barberfrom Chicago and am nrepared to givethe public first class service. Give mea call. Shop is equinped with electricfans to keep you cool, Three firstclass barhrs. My bath tubs aie alwavs"ready. aug'ltf BUCK FREEMAN.ULW4i!JJUli9tlAa.J7aibfcl3J't-lE. t-LrmnLanqhwnManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglCtf EastTenn. Phoe 6(59Go to B uck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shavego to Buck's barber shop. Ihree firstcla?p barbers 13 tfAnd Generally He Wouldn't.You can't induce a self-made man tobelieve that his son -would ever succeed in getting anywhere without alot of help. Pittsburg Post.'i I I 1 1 1 I I I II- utyg -!. Ej.M.'i-r vnmBT5SSSg23i3KES05S3KHEKaB SPECIAL EXCURSIONyBag -rt8y5gfeagaifafflVImASrtSIUASfiiTS ARID RETUSM 1I SyRSiayji Aaggssi 11 - 44 Pii i a? tiitstsiavi 'jtkUwtK w'v -i "2 y a u h rvi vz ,i riznirr. rca1 Round Rwipia ?-und 1if Tri nM Tr,p 3I SPECiAL TRAINJLvs. GEORGETOWN 7s45 a.m. I$ ASK TICKET AGENTS FOR PARTICULARS.nim nn-ni nn nn na nu ifoundation is used I find viring is notrecessary. .The hole at the top may be used for jfeeding or supering. Special superscouid easily be made, another hiveof the same sort put on top, or a bell-I find this avery useful and handy hive for observation purposes," and the making andnaterial are -not at all expensive.All the doings of the bees and queencan be seen; and to keep them in thedark I merely put corrugated paperaround it, and keep the paper in itsplace with a piece of elastic. In winter time, three or four folds of papercould be used to keep the bees warm.These hives would do well for indoorobservation, or in a beehouse.s FairSax Big Days and Nights, Commencingy9 Atsg. 12fAmerican's Greatest l2orse ShowMANY FAKES WITH BEESrtrcr'-".Saddle Horse StakesRunning and HarnessRazes Dally25,333 It ?2h"jtuSplendid Display of EveryClass of Live Stocklimes Band of AmericaSensatlorsai Free Acts DallyThe Greater Parker ShowsSee me Bio Floral ' Parade toe First Dayi,--,--- n ,,SC,h. .-Nonswarming Hives Are Delusion,Diipo anr Sirvmlo ".Qhnnlf Swarm""Were ail meuicines as meritorious p,an s Described.as Uhamoerisins uoiic. unoiera armLflUlUlUV-H IH-.I.V.UJ '" l.w.v. ..-.. v -ll,l nnr1.ni.;rmnnh hAov nfr nH t ip nRrp.p.ntacre nf uas- U1- L"c ww"cu -uuoaiuii&anOWinfT o-rntiv iPrpncpri " writes hives are fakes pure and simple. The)J "-' ta J,-......, .v-w. . -...- ...,.,,,Lindsay Scott, of Temple. Ind. ior very last wortt on tne suojecL is xnacsale bv all dealers. of the "?hook swarm" plan, that enables the beekeeper to swarm eachAnxiouc I nive aninciaijy at uis conveiiience aimA moro irmn -n-isliPc tbo wirlnw lnflv UOt UVd.h UL UIQ Ueb. ims IS LUO Ut&oi4iWV. 14X.. W- .. ...V.,, .V.., ., . . , .fvitii a hnrsp who is sn kind r.-nrl rPn. meuioa in vogue ana is reany verjtie in single or double harne., o,r.fi ' simple. Dr. D. Everett Lyon explainssend further particulars. j Process in the Farm and Home:'Vhen a hive gives evidence that it isi hinking about swarming, as seen in.8 bees clustering on the outside ofthe hive and the presence of queen' "lis started in the brood nest, it istime to shake them.Take an empty hive with lid andbottom board in place and viith theframes of the hive containing strips offoundation wax in place as full combs.Place the empty hive alongside theone about to swarm and then, liftingthe brood frames from the old hive,shake off from each frame almost allthe bees until all the frames havebeen so shaken in front of the newhive, being sure to shake the queenalong with, the bees.Then set the old hive with its broodnest off some distance and put thenew hive with the bees in its place.Ee sure to take all the storage chambers from the old hive and place themon the new hive into which the beeshave been shaken. The working forceis with the new hive and that's wherewe want the storage chambers, whichwill be quickly filled, as the bees, having only started strips of wax in thebrood combs, must, of necessity, storethe honey coming in the next few daysin the tipper stories until such time as'ip t wey will get lue bianeis uiawu uui.into full combs.L&$u4ZcZ Rates ora ASS RoadsFor Catalog or further information addressJOHN W. BAIN, Secretary,Lexiragton, Ky.Hunt for Relativ-,One of the most unique meircc;; ofgetting a lonely traveler into thehands of her friends was that employed by an agent of the Travelers'Aid society, who found a young woman at one of the railway stations andaccompanied her to an address in theItalian quarter of Brooklyn, where shewas to join a relative. The relativecould not be found, and finally the twowomen walked slowly along the street,shouting the name of the family whichwas wanted. The cries at last reached the proper ears, and the wandererwas weomed. Christian Herald.GOD'S HERBS & ROOTSs Us. j,ltTWrTTrTra-VT-'lMww"l',MI,ll " '"V wMiiLiinwiiiiiwmMKtmJinii i ! yuan jbilii i mmwmi TS2SB&3EBSEs-yssrrs:-.?2aiI ...SEPTEMBER49ot,f 1iveiryCHARLIEWHITEM00N, the Cow Boy Herbalist3729-31 W. Broadway, Louisville, Ky. Jf TVpn down in every human heart lies a NATURAL desire for NATURE'S medicines, Roots & Herbs jI Ton inmr have the secrets of nature been neglected, too long have people disregarded God's promises. Mod- Iin 'doctors think only of "operations" & strong drugs, while human suffering & deaths from disease in- II qp ranidlv every year. Health is natural, diseasb unnatural. My years of experience as a Cow-boyh 1-amnn the Indians give me a peculiar fitness & knowledge of the powers of Roots & Herbs as medicines, jI v TPmedies have cured & are curing Blood Poison, Lung Trouble, Kidney, Bladder, Liver, Female & Skin I' dteeaset Rheumatism, Dropsy, Catarrh, Nervous & Stomach Troubles that were pronounced incurable by the tI SicTdoPtnrs I want to PROVE this to the world & to any one asking, I will mail the greatest book of its II vfn pver nublishld entitled "THE COW-BOY HERBALIST," absolutely free. If you are not enjoying ALL f! thf blessings of perfect health, your duty demands that you INVESTIGATE MY CLAIMS. All letters of Ji inquiry promptly answered. .f COM-CEL-SAR is the name of my great TONIC, BODY-BUILDER, composed of 16 Roots & Herbs, Inbs? ? full auarts of medicine, lasts about 3 months, costs only one dollar & is LEGALLY GUARANTEED1 h satish J THE PURCHASER or money refunded. COM-CEL-SAR is sold BY ALL DRUGGISTS & DEAL- JI FJ?T TK r MFDICINE for the nerves, stomach, liver, kidneys, bowels, bladder & blood. A household remedy fmost excellent. Ask for COM-CEL-SAR; if your druggist hasn't got it or won't get it, I WILL FILL YOURI .rrnirrc rnQT4SZF PATD. -, wijAkLIE WHITE-MOON'S SCIENCE SOPE is made of PURE VEGETABLE OIIS FOR HUMAN,I SKIN ONLY, guaranteed to satisfy or money refunded. 10c or 3 bars 25c at all dealers, Retail, who are suprI plied thr all 'wholesale dealers.9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 1912AT THEKentucky State FairLIBERAL PREMIUMS OFFEREDDaily Races Free Attractions Clean MidwayLIBERATTS BANDFarmer Boys School Encampment REDUCED RAILROAD RATESFor Information, Entry Blarks. Catalogue, AddrccsJ. L. DENT, SECY.O PAUL JONES BUILDING LOUISVILLE. KY, -M.r-r -!!- - - - - - - fc-.r-'- 1 , 1 iirumwuiii H1I 1?FnrwYYTTTcfinnr nmmr'r?rYTTnrEXCURSION-VIA.-COVERING ALFALFA IN CORN&6Home-Made Device Shown in Illustration Found Quite Convenient inSoutheastern Ohio.Sometimes farmers obtain good results from sowing alfalfa between therows of standing corn. "Where this isdone it is often a puzzle to get theseed properly covered. The accompanying illustration is a homemade plank drag, 34 inches wide andLENA SPECIAL"TUESDAY, AUGUST T,:TO THE-iSounfains cf Western Jierih Carolina."Land cf the Sky.""Sapphire Country."Asheville, H. C, &7.50 Hendersonviile, H. C, $8.50and return V and return V$9"50Waynesville, li C,and return,50Lake Toxaway, &. G,and returnPlank Drag.Tickets good en "Carolina Special" leaving Lexington 9:00 p. m.,also on ALL OTHER REGULAR TRAINS leaving Lexington Augusc27. Electric-lighted Pullman Observation and Drawing Room SleepingCars, mdals a la carte in Dining Car, and electric-lighted Day Coachesof modern construction.RETURN kJMIT SEPTEMBER 11. i912.LIBERAL STOP-OVER PRIVILEGES.22 inches long, that is used for a pur-I pose on a small alfalfa and truckj farm in southeastern Ohia, where thej Ohia station has experimented in de! termining practical methods in smallfarming.PIFBMNfflraHDIVERSE ROUTEGo direct and return via ChattanoogaLookout Mountain, or vice versa, 1.50additional.I WW F I'M I 'I " I' HI(C. N. 0. A T. P. Rr)ANDSOUTHERN RAILWAY.oFor full information, printed matterand sleeping car reservations, apply toTicket Agent, or writeH. C. KIKG, Pa-ss. and Ticket Agt.,Lexington, Ky.W. A. BECKLER, Gen'l Pass'r Agt.,Ingalls Bldg., Cincinnati, Ohio.(7aug-6t-td) - XLSLSJJi'SULSLSLSLSUUL JLSUU13L2JU.JL2iv1mciimj.3j ,, -. ' -m. w " .- ""' t.ffttipfi .t- r4-i i i (mil yw tg,-MiyrS -,' . fCommencing August 1 2, Continuing for Two Weeks, Closing 24th.QsntxieJfof JUtAsrus&Jk&eL-v vvvLz&lrf"AfOt&l"-'M -k. - vf.".Cv - j-&r77t&jti a tJ LT 5 Jt O J M m m BjjiS"- ar- -S f m K m U U M 1 IPrices Make the Goods Go.Note These Few Illustrations CarefullyFirst Come, First Served.Reversible Straw Matting Rugs, 9x12, Reducedfrom 84.75 toPrinted Straw Matting Rugs, 9xll-S, Reducedfrom $4.00 to ,Shaving Mirror, Brass, Round Glass, Reducedfrom SI. 25 toMission Rocker, Early English, Leather Back Reduced from $4.75 to9x12 Seamless Brussels Rug, Reducedfrom S14.00 to9x12 Fibre Rugs-the best, Reducedfrom $11.50 toHammock, good and strong, Reducedfrom $1.75 toPorch Swings. Hooks and Chairs complete, reducedfrom $3.25Kaltex Rocker, Reduced from S4.50 toRattan Rocker, Reduced from $3.75 toHall Tree, Reduced from S28.00 toMission Porch Rocker, Reduced from $4.00 toBrass Costumer, Reduced from $5.00 toLarge Turkish Rocker, best leather, Reducedfrom $55.00 toWall Paper, Reduced from 25c to$ 3.452.45.653.509.958.751.451.953.052.4522.502.453.3535.001 2 l-2cYou Can Make MoneyAt OurReduction SaleWe wish to reduce our stock of Furniture. Wehave too many goods and want money for them. Thisis why we are making this sale. Our PricesWill Make You Buy vhen you come in. Wewill sell you our high class goods at low prices. Thisis your chance to fit out your home and SaveDollars.Remember, every piece of furniture in ourstore is stylish; and it is well built and strong just thekind to stand the wear and tear of every day use.Prices Quoted Are Tor Cash.If Charged Will Be at Regular Price.IS,sweets' yfcgyj&wWYftJ&'Zjf' JWllVKHHK " 1- -ujsVtt-Sfcftsto-sthese Prices Jive Tor Cash.Tf Charged tbe? Will Be Jit Hegular Price.QiuAfoelAAyCtAitYOUR SPECIALATTENTION . . .Is called to the Fact that pricesquoted in this advertisement are onjust a few articles quoted at RANDOM from our Tremendous.Stock, but they are bona fideprices andIf You Do Not TakeAdvantage of ThesePrices You Have NoOne to Blame But Yourself.Remember These Prices Are Strictlyas Stated Note Them Carefully.Refrigerator, Reduced from $15.00 to $ 1 1 .75Art Reed Rocker, tapestry upholstering Reducedfrom $12.50 toPictures, Reduced from $2.50 toMatting Covered Waist Boxes, Reducedfrom $2.50 toLawn Swing, Reduced from $7.50 to9x12 Seamless Finest Wilton Velvet Rug, Reducedfrom $30.00 to8.901.451.855.7525.009x12 Seamless Wilton Velvet Rug. Reducedfrom $22.50 to - 7.509x12 Seamless Velvet Rug, Reduced from $18.50 to. 1 5.75(These are the Best Rug Values Anywhere)Guaranteed Not to Tarnish Brass Bed, Reducedfrom $13.50 to ! 9.85Cedar Chest, the best, Reduced from S35.00 to 29.75Automatic Davenport, Reduced from $22.50 to 1 7.85KJand not made with the view to get youto come into the store and then sellyou something else.Every Article In Our Store IsCut Deep!and you will receive better value herethan elsewhere. Seeing is believing.COME EARLY AND GET THE CHOICE& -jt ARTICLES & &No Second-Hand Goods !These Prices Are for Cash.If Charged They Will Be At ReguEar Prices.these Prices Me Tor Cash.If Charged tbep Will Be Jit Regular Price.4fj& & nurecC Sop7n.JUsrfO JLtOs1 -Sri I IA'IP W ! ft 1 lLP-FZmanmHBmJ"1SIHj'-iFI-,t,V- 'A"V, v -r''Vn"' ,fT'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 9 1912..t2r-Tl'HtA 0fllE BOURBON NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGNOTICE,taxes for the yearCity1912 are now in my handsfor collection at my office atthe Deposit Bank.C. K. THOMAS,City Collector.26-tfFirm for Rent." Mi Ai is directed to the advertteeu.cn;. in cctLr column of Mr. W.Ei Hibler, who advertists for rent hiBfarm of 565 acres in Bourbon countjnear Ewalt's Cross Roads.Blue Crane Killed.Mr. James S. Eads, who resides nearParis, on the Ford's Mill pike, killeda large blue crane near his home yesterday afternoon." The bird measuredeighty-four inches from tip to tip.Notice.All customers not having settledtheir July accounts are respect.vullyrequested to call and do bo at once,Respectfullv,6-tf MISS JESSIE BROWN.Property Withdrawn.The real estate ot Wallace Jackson,colored.locatcd in Claysville, whichwas offered at public sale Tuesday waswithdrawn. Two vacant lots wereoffered but bids were'not satisfactorv.Receive Imported Chickens.Messrs. S. A. Duncan and W. 0.Fuller, of Pans, well-known fancypoultry dealers, have recently receivedfrom Belgium a coop of eight goldenCampine pullets and one cockrel andtwo silver Carcpme hens and one cockrel. Small Fire.Sparks from a lighted pipe set fireto a bed in one of the roums at theFordham Hotel. Tuesday night whichdestroyed several pieces of bed clothing.. The blaze was extinguishedwithout the aid of the fire departmentand with little damage.Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.At Cost.childrensLadies'cost.12jiy-tf..andOxfords atFELD'S SHOE STORE.Our Specialty.Try our Ham and Egg Sandwich atten cents. A most deilghtfu". lunch.This is one of our leading specials.6-2t JAS. E. GRAVEN.Immense Line Oi Wall Paper.Call at mv store and pick from thelarge new stock of wall paper justwhat you need and have it put on yourwalls. Experienced decorators areready to do your work.;j. T. HINTON.Attended Picnic for Orphans.Judge E. B. Januarv wentto Lexingt n, yesterday, to act as one of themanageis of the picnic given to thechildrenof the Odd Fellows' Widowsand Ornhans Home. Judge January&isa member of the Board of Control andattended the outing with other officersof the Home, in that capacity. TheDicnir was held at theBIue Grass Paikbetween Lexington and Versailles.Preserving Time.Let us fill your order for MasonJars and Tin Cans. The price is risrht.o-pt LAVIX& GONInELL.Bourbon Entries.Among the'entries of horses at theBlue Grass Fair at Lexington nextweak will be the following exhibitorsfrom Bourbon county : W. E. Soeakes& Bro , Collins & Radmo, McCrayBros.. Gatesby Woorfoid, E. K. andE. M. Thomas, Tom Jones & Son andA. S. Jones. A.P. Adair & Son haveentries in the swine department.Bourbon Fair Catalogues..The News has on hand a supply ofthe Bourbon Fair catalogues for theEixty-fifth annual exhibition, to beheld here Sept. 3-7, inclusive. Thecatalogues are for distribution, andcan be had by calling at this office.No Pensions Until November.From the fact that the Pension Boardha nnt nassed on any of the applicators of the Confederate Veterans for r Brice Steele who was taken toi ensions under the law created at last I tjie gt Joseph Hospital in Lexingtonlegislature, nayments are likely to be j Sunday, suffering with an attack ofdefprred until the first of November, appendicitis does not lmnrove, and hisThis fact became known Tuesday condition at present is such as to nrewhen a prominent ex-Confederate sol- vent an operation,dier made inquiry at the Pension Office; V-li,fr J rhe Georgetown News siv "Missin rranuioTc. May Maigolen entertained Fiiday ee-Dsuble-iiesder Sunc'a. jn.ng ith a bsautiiul dance in honorI of her con?ins. Mioses Essie and GHi:r-The Lawmakers will be the s-t- Ssl'jsl ir or -a is. Ti.e -j ciu'is retion at White Paik tomorrow .tot-noon, and the Flutters will ui t'tre -Sunday tor a double header with ti.elocal. The Uaubonr.es hbve hen diutirg up an i,xcellpi t aiticle of ballsince the opei'ing cf the la-t month inihe Blue Gr s League and have woneight out of the last eleven gamesnlaved. Th first game Sunday will becalled at 2 o'clock.Premiums at Winchester.At the Winchester Hopi'al FairWednesday, Collit s & Hedmon, ofNorthJMiddletown. took first premiumin the harness stallion class with Mingo Chief an 1 were second in the combined class with Ixy Phil. In thisclasB their c tiy was defeated for' fi'stpremium'by Mel v in 1 belonging to lieGray Bro'., of the -same place. Melvinal was Jil -o first in the harness jifsreand arnJdirg clas'".' 'PERSONAL MENTION.Mr. and Mrs. Jesse'Elis are visiting fiends in Gynthiana.Miss Marin Talbott is visiting MissEleanor Tevis, in Danville.0 " Mrs. Harrv,"Simon left Wednesdayfor a business trip to New York.Dr. JG. Clarke is in Salem. Va.,guest of his daughter. Mrs. Meredith.Mr. Frederick Wallace left Wednesday for a business trip to NewYork.Attorney Rav Mann, of Louisville,is hare on ajvisit to, his mother, Mrs.Russell Mann.S. Mr. Henry Lilleston. of KansasCity, Mo., is the guest of his mother,Mrs. S. Lilleston.Mrs. Swift Champ is recuperatingat French Lick SDrings after an illnessofseveral weeks. :-Mt. John Gruber, ot Louisville, isthe guest of her aunt, Mrs. WilliamHulull, in tlh city.t: t-,,. -,...erCni Mf? f V" , ath "born in Fluzanna county. Virginia. HeSnthrnnT f0r a came to Kentucky twenty-two yearstrip through the East. I ago and since his residence in thisMr. Joe Varden has returned from ! State has been constantly engaged inOlympian Springs, where he ha3 been the hotel business and was probablyfor a two weeks' stdy. jOne of the best-known and most popu-rc or, it "n tt t- r J lar hotel proprietors in Kentucky, Ten--. auu mis. iJ. xu. XjIKIUIOOLnave gone to Henderson, N. C. to remain about t three weeks. .Mr and Mrs. Harry Bosley, of IDanville, are guests of Mr, and Mrs. iW. B. Ardery, in this city. ITV. n , . ,,, .. 7 5s:, Ca.teibv , Woodford enter-1tatmed the six-hand euchre club at her jnome yesterday afternoon.TVTvc Jqc 'PQ..,r.,r, c..:Pirrn jinri Mrc t w "d win i., - Ihimori frnm fn,n; c.; 1rt MtlVl AIA tT J . 11. UJL1C1 UflVK I r-WIJ ....uw UyL.ba.Mrs. Everett Peterson and herguest, Miss Peterson, of Midwav, werevisitors in.Cincinnati Wednesday.Miss Lena Letton, of Millerrbsurg,is the guest of Mr. and Mrs ForestLetton, at their home in this city.--Mrs. Joseph Berry, who has beenthe guestf Mrs. F. P. I.ovvry. has returned to her home at Fort Thomas.MissRebecca Redmon has returnedfrom a delightul visit to to friends onLookout Mountain and ChnHnnrn-rn, -r . ,, , . -Mr. J.M . omelser left yesterday Imorning for a visit to his.parencs, Mr. I. . . j.. jmeiaei, a. .nuuigiun,Va.IMeshrs. Aaron Smedlev and !Thomas Smith, nf Rufnhie.nn hoD,gone to Swango Springs for a ten-days.stay.Miss Ella Joplin'has returned troma trip to Michigan, and is with her sister, Mrs. W. T. Brooks, on Duncan avenue. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Farmer, ofDanville, are guests of Mrs. Farmer'sparents, Mr. and Mrs." James Earlywine. Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Booth leftTuesday for a pleasure triD to YellowstonePark and other points in theWpst.Mrs. John Smart, who sustaineda broken shoulder, as the result of afall at the Baptist picnic last week, Jsimproving.Mr. and Mrs. J. N. Thomas, ofKosivn, JN. YGeneral andwho has bpen visiting iMrs. Louis MussillOn.have returned to their home.Mr. E. M. Dickson and Mrs. Durand Whipple and son, Emmett Lickson Wnipple, have returned from avisit to relatives in Richmond.Mr. and Mis. Joseph Myall, ofWashington, la., and Mrs. David Kinney, of Bourbon, were guests Tuesdayof Mr. and Mis. Nathan Goodman.General Louis Mussinon has goneto RiDley, Ohio, to visit relatives during the "Home Coming," which is beingheld this week in connection withthe fair.Mr. Lvons Board, who has been atLagrange for several months, is athome for a short visit. Mr. Board isenroute to Midlesboroto"accept a position in that city.Mr. Edward Pritchard has returnedfrom ML Ciemons, Mich., where withhis mother hehasbeen spending several weeks. Mrs. Pritchard will return in about two weeks.Miss Sue Ford Offutt, Miss MarthaFerguson and Messrs. Will KenneyFergu-un and Hugh Ferguson, ofParis, motored to Shelbyviile Tuesdavnight where they attended a dance.Mrs. A. J. Winters has returnedfrcm a protracted visit to relatives inKansas City, Mo. Master BarnettWinters, who accompanied her. is visiting relatives m Eminence before returning home.Mrs. R. J. Neely, Mrs. MaryWebb and Mrs. Newton Mitchell attendedthe funeral of Miss Rout, inVersailles Tuesdav. Miss Rout was a' reiaiive oijiYirs.. n. Kutneriord, lor-merly of Paris.liT -.PBTlIf- .. T-l T-T T- . . . .c.aUd.; rouii & '..e.p Utautiiuily imhiert.With Japanese lanterns andthejiugej columns weie draped with green foliage, rue guests were leceived byMiss Marcokn, the charming hostess,who wore blue chiffon over satin. MissEssie Salcshin Who W2S attractive invellow eharmeuse over satin and MissGoldte Saloshin , who was charminclycrowned in pink chiffon , trimmed inpearls. Punch was served during theevening and was vraceiully Dresidenover hy Mrs. Gus Margolen. motner ofthe hostess, who wore hlack crepe metecr. The music was furnished by theGeorgetown orchestra. About. 75 guestwere present. Among them were anumber of out of town guests.""T rBest Paris Green at Buyer'sOop. .Court House. 28 4-t 'C. J. Mclear buccumbs to 111-j ness.I After months of patient suffering,, Mr. Clifton Jefferson McLear passedj away at his apartments'in the RobneelI Building, Wednesday evening at 7o'clock. ;Mr. McLear was a victim orureamic poisoning which was'broughton by acute Bright's disease and hehas been a great sufferer from a disease of the heart.Since last February he has been confined to his room almost constantlywith the exception of a short periodin which he so'ught the curative powers of several watering nlaces in Kentucky, but without any benefit to thedreadful disease which was the directcause of his death.During hisillnesa he has had everyattention withinthe power of medical skill and his devoted wire has beenconstantly at his bedside administeringto his every desire. All efforts to relieve his suffering was without resultand for the past two or three weekshisdemis2 has been momentarily expected. Mr. McLear, who was aged sixtyvears. was a native oi YirEinia, uemnnessee ana Virginia.opene( and conducted a hotel at Owen-ton which he managed t for a shorttime and moved to London, Kv., wherehe engaged in the same business forten years before he came to Paris andassumed charge of the Windsor Hotel,the management of which he conduct-ed with marked success for about ninevpnrs hptnrp he retired from the busi-np!5 nn app.mmt of iailine heaith. At !" - w - . . .1 hp t imp . 1. 1 hi death he w as the own-. ". . r, .., rt-buter or a notei in rsnstoi, xenn.,which was leased and conducted byother parties.Mr. McLear wasunited in marriagein 1877 to Miss Anna Slocum, daughter uf Dr. I. D. and Mary Slocum.Two daughters were born to this union,one dying in infancv and the secondpassed away at the age of five years,and before they located in this State.He was a devoted member of the Baptist church and so long as his health'permitted was a regular .attendant1 upon all of the services, and with hiscevoted wife, was actively engaged incnurch work,During his illness Mrs. McLear hasbeen constant v attending and civm"him every care and attention. Whilerealizing the end was not far distantshe withstood wonderfully the strainof constant watching to the last moment. She has the sympathy of alarge circle of friends in her sad bereavement. . 'Besides his wife, Mr. McLear issurvived by two brothers, Messrs I'James and Ebenezer McLear, of:Vir-lginia, the latter being at the bedside Iwhen the end came.The funeral will be held at the BaDtist Church bv Rev. E. M. Lightfootand Rev. G W. Clark, Friday after-1noon at 3:30 o'clock. Burial in Pariscemetery. 'Active Pall bearers: Dr. D. S. Hen-,ry. a. &. Jtsedtora. .j. a. .tsurnett,Charlton Alexander, James McClure,Denis Dundon.Honorary Pall-bearers : Chas.Stephens. Wm. H. Clark, John Larue,Douglas Thomas,J. T. Martin, J. H.Brent. Swift Chamn. J. Smith Clark.Nathan Bavless. Sr.. Dr. C. J. Clarke.A. J. Winters.i -Matting Rugs.Another lot of 9 feet bv 12Reversible Matting Rugs, 53 45.3 feet by 6 feet, 45 cents.Also 11 feet 8 inches by 9feetfapt.stenciled on one$2.35.On sale now.12jly-tf.side. Matting Rugs,J. T. HINTON.Go to B uck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave'go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclas? barbers. 13 tfIRELIGIOUS.iThe Union services of the young '! tjeoole societies will be held at theiBaptist Church Sunday evening at 6:45o'clock. The Christian Endeavor subject will be used, which is: "God'sBeautiful Outdoors : What it Teaches 'Me." Mr. Denis Snapp, President of'the Enworth League, of the MethodistChurch, will conduct the services.There will be no services at thePresoyterian Church Sunday. Thepastor, Rev. Dr. Shive, will be absent,attending Conference ab Montreat. N.C, as the representative of the Presbytery Ebenezer.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfClary Will Probated.The will of'the late F. P. Clary, ofi Cvnthiana, was probated in the Harrison County Court last week. The estate Js'bequeathed to his wife and son,Howe Cleary, share aud share alike.The will was made in December, 1906.Mr. Cleary, who died recently in Cynthian3, was a'orother of Mrs. J. DBurnaugh, of Paris.Book Burgk'ns.V7c have just receive! a complete'i o if stcr.da'd fWion. Some of" thei Jtsi i oe!s by thtbest a it-bors now ondisoalav i.i our viido". Thp"" booksare offered w'mIp ihy r -r. at the special pi ice of 5'J ce t t-n-b.6-tf. PARIS BOOK CO.Bu?s Winchester Iiciel Fixtares.Mr. J. Smith Clark, if Miller-bunr,has purchased from M W.A . David-enrt tho fnrnifmvj Mrl I -tn-)- Cn 4-l-trtj StG eorge Hotel, in U nehestpr and,i:i ,t,i ,i, ' " 1 tuwill CULtcru iu mc iiiUi c iCUieni UL U1Chostehy 'lh'jr?ri' y, An -ist 15. Mr.i blark will refurnish' e hoel andimprovements.n ng".t'ed inmake a number oib"or some time h has ithe hotel busi e- inampbellsville,where he located after invirig: up themanagement of Hj- Wh J or Hotel inthis city. -Mr. CU.k h i-? teen In thehotel businyss.lijr twel ,e years and isthoroughly experienced in alKdepartments. ' - vDEATHS.The body of LeRoy Frazier, ofWinchester,5who committed suicide inHamilton, 0., Saturday by drinkinccnrbolic acid, was buried ' Tuesdaymorning at North Middletown. Insanity over religion is thought to haveprompted the man to end his lfe.MATRIMONIAL.CATES PENDLETON.The marriage of Mr. Spears Pendleton, of this city, to Miss MyrtleCrates, of Berea, will be csolemnizedTuesday, August 15, at the residenceof the officiating minister, Rev. Yi. E.Ellis, The brdergoom iis the son ofMr. and Mrs. Isaac Pendleton, and isa popular ana industrious voung man.JJiss gates is the daughter of Mr. andmra. vYiuiam Laies, or serea, ana isan attractive young"woman.Protect your growing tobacco with Hail Insurance.THOMAS & WOODFORD.Compliment to Paris Girl.Mrs." Alexander B. White, of Knoxvillp, Tenn.. President General of theUnited Daughters of the Confederacy,has exrendtd an invitit on toMiss Malie Dudlev Talbott, the attractivedaughter of Mr. and Mrs. W. C. 1 albott, of Paris, to act as page representing Kentucky at the National Convention of the organization to be held inWashington, D. C, in November.Mrs. Talbrtt, mother of s the younglady who has been honored by the invitation, has for a number of years beenprominent in the circles of the UnitedDaughters of the Confederacy, havincheld theoffice of State President of, . ,tne organization, ana at present is'president of Richard Hawes Chapter,of this citv.Morgan's Men Reunion.Morgan's Men Reunion will be .heldat Estill Sprimrs, Wednesday andThursday. August 21 and 22, 112. Reduced rates will be secured from therailroads, and a rate of $1.50 at thehotel will be made. Members of Morgan's Commanp, who have never attended these reunions are urged tocome this ,ear. All ex-Confederatesare invited to come and meet with us.Ladies are esoecialiv invited.H. M. TAYLOR,for Executive Committee.G. R. KELLER.Secretary.Uicycle Supplies.Fulimakesorder.9 tfline of bicycle supDlies for allof wnpels. Let us fill yourJ. ELVOVE.County Trustees' Meetingnounced.AnCounty Superintendent Miss MabelRobbins, has announced the followingdates for the trustees of the specifiededucational districts to meet at her, office in the court house for. organization :! Division Board No. 3 will meet atHO o'clock. Saturday, August 10.I Trustees: T. W. Current, C. T. Adair! W. Purdy, Ora Collier. Letton Vimonti and N. . Rankin.Division Board No. 6, Saturday,August 10, at 2 p. m. Trustees: J.i F. Ingles, W. E. Stilwll, Joseph Ja-'cobyandF. P. White. The trusteesfor Clintonville to be selected.Division Board No. 2, same date, at3 p m. Trustees : T. B. Brannock, J.C Keller, James Florence and Thomasi ndgett.Division Board No. 4, Wednesday.August 14, at 2 o'clock, p.m. Trus-r es: Mrs. Albert Mitchell, Mrs. .7.G. Ockerman, Jos. Botkins, and Er-ntst Crouch.: Division Board No. 17, Saturday,1 August 1. at 2 o'clock, p. m. Trustees : D. C. Lyie, Allen Rowland.Charles Custer. J. M. Leach and oneto be supDlied for Ford's Mill,Division Board No. 5. same date , at3 o'clock, p. m. Trustees: G. L.t- t ttt rn T nxt 71 n "I XTKice, j. vv. Tanner, j.bin. mason, kj. in.Norton and James Liter.WhileSummer'sHere(Alsnosl: Kodaks)to $12.00.Daylight Developing Tanks $5.Dark-Outfits $1up.m m K5 Wi 'KODAKS $5 up.IW. Ed.All Summer Goods NowOn Sale at Greatly Reduced Prices. '...W. Edi ll 'SPECIALS16 lbs. Granulated Sugar $ 1 .OO8 boxes Searchlight Matches, (3 boxes 10c) 25 c8 bars Lenox Soap r 25cRoyal Baking Powder, 25c size, this week only. 20cStone's Silver Slice and Country Club Cakes.. 1 0-1 5c25 lb. sack Eldean Flour 80c12 lb. sack Eldean Flour 45cParowax, for sealing 15cMason qt. Jars 55cMason pt. Jars 45cFee's Grocery Co.VlMMlMMliaHMlflf:WHYA TRUSTDEPARTMENT?Realizing the advantages ofhaving a corporation to act as &in management of property asGuardian or Trustee,The Bourbon Bank andI Trust Co.with a Capital Stock of $100,000and Earned Surplus of $50,000,organized in 1887, having had inthat time the experience necessary in conducting a Trust Company, Therefore,Bourbon Bank Trust Co.,Paris, Ky.has a Trust Department andI Solicits Your Business, gL( mmmtm JApplication For LiquorLicense.Notice is hereby given that the undersiened will, 'at the meeting of theCity Council on Thursday, August 22,1919, applv to the Mayor and Boardof Council of Cthe City of Paris, forlicense to sell at retail and to be drankon the premises, spirituous.lvinous andmalt liquors for the ensuing year, attheir place of business in the Alexander Building, near the L. and N. De-Dlt" KATCLIFF& REED.FARM FOR RENT.Mv farm in Dourbon county, nearEwalt's Cross Roads, containing 565acres. Onlv reliable persons, financially and otherwise, need apply.Right to seed this Tall.W. .E HIBL.ER312 E. High Street.g2t. Lexington, Ky.Clhid's plush coat on Houston avenue. Owner can have same by proving property and paving advertisr.gcharges. AddIv at News effide.. - -Found.TucfcerTucker jvnTHE FAIR!Great Values FridayPreserving Kettles, o qt. size,only 10c.Sheet Iron Bread Pans, special 5c.Enameled Steel Buckets, 3 qt. tsize 10c.'Fruit Jar Fillers, each 5c.Deep Pudding Pans, 4 qt. size,blue outside white inside, extraspecial, each 10c.1 gallon Milk Crocks, first,quality, 4 for 25c.Crystal Glass Towel Racks 10cWindow Shades, all pure linen,our regular 25c shades, 17 l-2c.j Pure Linen Writing Tablets,jeach 5c. Envelopes to match,I worth 10c now 5c.' Ice Tea Glasses, highly polished, a set 48c.I Nickel Plated Bath Boom Sets,(Tumbler Holder, Tooth Brush,j Nickel Plated Towel Rack andj Soap Stand, a set 69c.THE FAIR-LOST.Between my heme and the CourtHouse on July 27th a DometsicScisncenote book with samples of sewing.Anv information that will lead to itsrecovery will be gratefully received.MRS. R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.Lost Steer.A 600-lb. steer with white face andred back, has strayed from our place.Finder will notify undesigned.AMOSTURNEY or LEW TAYOR.Home Phone 210.FOlRENT.Flat of four rooms, bath, etc., overC. P. Cock & Co.'s grocery. Anply toJ. T. HINTON."Ro&ie" Bati$! ,IU Insurance Hgent ;Life, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning. :::::::,::Biggest and Best Paying Companies. ' "Give Old "Nub77 a CaH.C . 2Hellcs-13'? v ' ,-li111i,.jXVt jli'-..-'-T'L.nyk 'J-JflLTB!!!?..UmUUMkuim fv v -' i : ,s"st - .THE BOURBON "NEWS, PARIS,- KENTUCKY, AUGUST 9, 1 91 27IEE SHOWS WILLHERE'STHEHOGubaiAmmmiwmmm fir mm ns s:& Mi Silly NG(i m f t: '-a n iniob PpimiinEnormous Expenditures for Attractions At Kentucky StateFair September 9 to 14This Department of State FailUnder L. B. ShropshirePromises Big interest.HOW TO MOVE LARGE TREES3 v-'bJslBi.lI..IVYhKuiBOUREON REMEDY CO.,Lexington, Ky.Enclosed find photo of hog: that was cured ofcholera vrith your Bourbon Hob Cholera Remedy. This hos vras almost dead before usingthe medicine, and then was entirely cured, except loss of ears, tail. etc. The hog is owned byMr. Skiles Ewingr, of Bowling Green, Ky. He"will be clad to give you a testimonial, and wecan get several more if you want them.JENKINS-SUBLETT DRUG CO.,Bowling Green, Ky.Ask Your Druggist for It.. For Sale dy W. T. Brooks.Almost Lost His Life.S. A. Stic!, of Mason, Mich., willnever forget his ttnible exposure to amerciless stoim. "It gave me a dreadful cold." he writes, "that caused severe Dains in tnv chest, so that it washard for me to breathe A neighborgave me several dcse of Dr. King'sNew Discovery which brought greatrelief. The doctor said I was on theverge of pneumonia, but to continuewith the Discovery. I did so and twobottles completely cured me." Useonly this quick, safe, reliable medicinefor coughs; colds or any throat or lungtrouble. Price 50c and SI. 00. Trialbottle free. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.THE FAMOUS LIBEBATI BANDWill Be Star Offering in This LineAmusements Provided for EothDay and Night Autos WillLoop the Lop in Mid Air.Process Now Made Possible ThroughContrivance Attached to Ordinary Wagon.51 LSIX B!8 STAKE EVENTSThe Useless Rat.Plague or no plague, it is always agood thing to exterminate rats, which.' do less good and more harm than almost any other animal in the world.New York Tribune.EXCURSEOiParis, Ky.5 toCcficesiristi, 0.5And Return..rasailaywiattSUNDAY, AUGUST 1!, 1912,Fare $1.50 And Return.Excursion Train leaves 7thStreet Station Returning to Parisat 7 p. m.Tickets good Ionday ofsal. e yFor further information, call on orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SMITH. T. A.DR. DQLLE'S & fi ? iMESSAGE TO Ef!&j!YOU CAN BE CURED 3YciJSP: v cZ.VsfiT- HEir iirf.r, !' -X"--- bu,wi.. 2&sD2. C. L. DOLLS.TVTiy Talre Trcatiacnt That Is Boing TouJo Good, When a Yn Dnyj- under the caret Dr. Dolle Will .vhow 1 on How Eaby ItIs to Cure Tlie&e Dimai-es Whoa tlie ProperTreatment Is Administered.Heve you treated for mon'hs and Tears, andlejn ci"apjM'ii-'vl -jEt.lyo; think that oucan:i H be cure I ' V(u, no do jlt, all this time haveit vi ictuu-d y :.ixperf--"-d doctors -who hadneither vuffii.ct ki;oV,iwge nor experience totnor hovf to .r 3 o 1.These arc tLe '5-a.ss of ivhicli I haveenrndfic rnan;, Justly jriving me the reputation for curig ot w iiiih. I iiin so proud.Blood Bi5C2.se.5?, Skin DiseasesI tsi'I give yen treatment that will in a fewduyt e;;e all ri-h, snots and everv sicn andsyzaptoai. Mr trestirie.it pets the poison out ofthe tystcni intnd 01 anv:.? it m like oramarytreatments Icue blood di-cises and skin disease w iiiey oanuot come bacl:"V&riccoeie, caucirs aching or pain inCroin cr oack, ITt-rrousness, "Weakness,XjCE3 of Vitality, Lack cf AmbitionMy oa4-irentrr.'ut rare is what you shouldhar asi what you w:ll hve to have to be curedriat. OUy oe vis.t :s rjqv-irea. I do no cutuap aad ju tufier no pin tor trouble. Allt a ?Aajoear in a few caj sIf ervous Troubles, Lost VitalityUy combined tnatirnt for then; troubles focauimn.raon thoe w Lo La e become eak andwornaut. who ha e caucd it by lolly, disMpitionan exoese, :k n mi-rkcb v p'od. 6 one bclie eslipw t;ni"Slf it benefits, until thpy have taken it.It overcomes weakness, nervousne". pain inhack. lack of onorsry, ambition and strength it'sj K the treatment I ha-;e found so effective inlre-it.:nt such diseases.Kidney and Bladder Troublesere scientifieall' cured by me. My metho-Is immediately benefit you. and the majority of capesI "Itq come from physicians and specialists whoi-Iled.J!Pc: PIcfMlap I can cure you so- t,C, t t,c:icLC quickly and easilythat you will be surprised. I will give you justthe result and cure you arc looking for withouta surgical operation. vAcute DiseasesIremedies seldom cure. My treatment stops everytymntom and cures in a few days. It is scientificthat's the only sure way to be cured so it willt:o cone back1lou can take my Treatment without ac-nt and pay me after I euro you. I knowthat I can give you new life, new hope, and canrestore you bsck to health and happiness. Iknow that every man will pay after I have eliminsted every trace of di.eue from his system.Microt-copicat and analytical urinalysis FREE.I have -writeen a book that ought to be in thehands of every suffering man in this country. Iwill sed you a copy, free, ir you will write me atooeetbe disease for which vou desire treatement,Hears, 9 to 4 : Sundays to 1 p. m. Evenings,7 taS.oa jfouday, Wednesday and Saturday nightsC. L,. DOLLE, M. D.Orc Colamfeia Thetter 525 Walnut St., betweenTffth and Sixth Streets.0?e axy to Mad. as all that is neccry k towt or ir.a CoZumXiz Theater, end any oae c$aMil JOU tt'S.Tvro things that are essential to thesuccess of an educational and amusement institution, according to J. W.Newman, Commissioner of Agriculture, and James L. Dent, Secretary ofthe Kentucky State Fair, are inducements to draw exhibitors and attractions to draw the public. With thisidea in view, the officials have set outto make it profitable to both exhibitorsand patrons, and to that end nothinghas been left undone that might addjto the drawing features both from thestandpoint of exhibitors and also fromthe public generallj Rich prizes havebeen named by the management to insure the greatest display of exhibitsever seen in any section of the southor west, more than $30,000 to be dis-itributed to the successful exhibitors!in the various departments. jAs an evidence of their faith in the;people of Kentucky to patronize aninstitution such as the States Fair hasbecome, Commissioner Newman andSecretary Dent have gone to great expense in securing the greatest line ofamusements ever provided for the jpeople of Kentucky or the South. ILiberati and his famous band, one of'the greatest musical organizations in !the country, composed of forty-twomusicians and six soloists, has been Jsecured at a big expense, and the mu-1sic-loving public who attend the fair!this year will have no complaint toregister on this score. This notedorganization will be heard in concert Ieach afternoon and night in the bigjpavilion. For those of the visitorswho would rather patronize the racing ifeature of the fair than the horse'show, the management has secured an- jother noted musical organization in 'the famous Day and Scally band, of ,Louisville, which will furnish the mu-jsic at the race track on the groundseach afternoon during the week. iFor the free attractions for each aft- jernoon and evening the management!has provided some of the most sensational acts ever presented to the public. Who in this section of the country has ever witnessed automobilespassing through the air at a height ofsixty-five feet? For the first time inthe South or Middle West, and one ofthe few times in this country, such anexhibition will be witnessed at theState 'Fair this year when every afternoon at 2 o'clock and each night at8:30 o'clock two 1,200-pound machinewill loop the loop from a tower at aheighth of sixty-five feet. This is regarded as the most sensational actever contrived by v the human mind,and just as often as it is attempted,just that often the exhibitors dallywith death in mid-air.At no time during the entire daywill there be a dull minute for visitors, it being the aim of the management to provide such a line of attractions in addition to the regular line ofexhibits that visitors for one dayonly can leave for their homes thesame night, expressing the belief thatthey have been well repaid for thetime and money spent in coming toLouisville for the one day. In orderto please the one-day visitor the management has looked well to the dav-light attractions, and the big $100,000 jlivestock pavilion will be the scene ofmuch activity from early morninguntil late in the afternoon. Amongthe exhibits to be seen in the pavilionwill be the horse show, which will begiven from 10 o'clock each morninguntil 4 o'clock each afternoon, permitting visitors to see the last ring of theday and get to the depots in time tocatch their trains for home, none ofwhich leave the city earlier than 4:30o'clock.This great exhibition of livestock inthe pavilion, coupled with the racesand open-air attractions in front of thegrand stand each afternoon, makesthe free attractions the biggest andbest ever presented to the people inthis section of the country.The moving of large trees is nowmade possible through a single contrivance which may be attached to therunning gear of an ordinary wagon.The tree can be raised to any desiredangle and retained there, by means ofthe endless chains on the cog-wheelsSix Purse Events, Six Running Races,I Cemiemen's Cup Race and Lady'sCup Race Among Star Features of Program.Moving Large Trees.in the upper part of the frame-workand their connections with the blockand tackle below. The old-fashionedguy ropes, usually fastened to thehead of the tree, are discarded, as theyhave frequently proved to be injuriousby disconnecting or loosening theroots from the ball of earth.In order to get the wagon directlyover the ball of the tree, and also overthe hole where the tree is to 'be replanted, the rear axle of the wagon isremoved, and the back of the truss orelevated framework upon which thetree is suspended keeps this part ofthe .wagon together at any width required. To prevent damage to grassareas, wide tires are used. In the caseillustrate3, 14-inch tires were used onthe rear wheels.CULTIVATION OF PEACH TREEThorough Culture Kills Veeds andForms Mulch Conserving Muchof the Soil Moisture.It is very essential to take the verybest possible care of the young trees.They should be kept thrifty andhealthy, and all the necessary caregiven them to conserve the moistureand plant food in the soil.Early in the spring, as soon as thesoil will permit, it should be stirredsix to eight inches deep; thus if thetrees have been planted as deeply asthey should, plowing this depth willcause them to produce a -deep rootsystem which will not be injured asquickly by freezing or drought. Afterthis plowing the fertilizer should beapplied and worked with a disk harrow or cultivator.Frequent cultivations vshould begiven with the cultivator or disk harrow, running deep enough to form agood soil mulch and prevent subsequent baking or ciusting of the surface and prevent loss of soil moistureby evaporation. Thorough culturekills all the weeds, which are a constant drain on the soil mosture andplant food and also assists in decomposing and liberating any plantfood which may have been turned under.USEFUL AS HEDGE TRIMMERImplement Easily Put Together byUsing Several Blades Attachedto a Wooden Handle.Hedge cutting or trimming 'with asickle or writh hand snips is very slowand tedious work. As I had considerable hedge to take care of, says awriter in Popular Mechanics, I made atrimmer with several sets of bladesFrom a racing standpoint, patronsjof the Kentucky State Fair, the eekof September 9-14, will be well piovided for, as the program, which hasbeen arranged by L. B. Shropshire, assistant secretary of the fair, is'one otthe best seen fn Kentucky in years.He has arranged for six stake eventsfor trotters and pacers, valued at $600each, and, in addition, he has provided for six running races, one foreach day of the fair, and a Gentlemen'sCup race and a Gentlemen's Ridingrace, the last-named two to be decided the closing day of the fair.Among the stake races will be one fortwo-year-old trotters, one for three-.year-old trotters, one each for 2:18trotters, 2:25 trotters, 2:13 pacers and2:25 pacers. The purse events willconsist of one each for free-for-alltrotters, 2:18 trotters, 2:15 trotters,2:20 trotters, 2:12 pacers, 2:17 pacersand one for free-for-all pacers.During the past two years the racing feature of the fair has proved oneof the most interesting of any attraction provided by the management, andbecause of that fact it became apparent to Secretary J. L. Dent that better facilities would have to be provided for caring for the patrons ofthat particular feature. With thisidea in view, the very first contractentered into by Commissioner Newman and Secretary Dent was withcontractors for the enlargement ofthegrand stand, and when the gates arethrown open the morning of September 9 just twice as many people willbe cared for in the race track sectionof the grounds as formerly. The newaddition to. the grand stand will be ofre-enforced concrete, similar in everyrespect to the original part of the bigstand, making it one of the largest aswell as one of the most substantialgrand stands in the country. Herecan gather thousands of Kentuckiansto renew old acquaintances as well asto witness the sport that is dearestto the heart of every native born sonand daughter of the old Commonwealth. Unlike many of the racetracks of the country where trottingand running races are operated simply for the benefit of the track owners,the sport furnished at the State Faircan readily be designated as that ofthe "King of Sports" as the management of the fair has no idea of reapingany reward except that which comesfrom a good word passed around byits patrons. Therefore all races aredecided strictly on their merits and ineach instance the best horse wins.That some of the best horses in training on the tracks of Kentucky andother states will participate in thetrotting and pacing events on the program this year is demonstrated by thefact that already owners have appliedfor stable room for the week and havemade numerous entries to the stakeevents.Under the arrangements providedby Assistant Secretary Shropshire onestake event and one purse race willbe decided each afternoon during theweek, in addition to which will be onerunning race each day. As all eventsfor trotters and ,pacers, with the exception of the two-year-old events,will be three in five heat affairs it isneedless to say that each afternoonwill be crowded full of good sport forthe fair Datrons.A Hedge Trimmer.similar to a regular trimmer. Theblades were attached to a wood handle and operated with a wood lever asshown in. the sketch. The operation isthe same as when, using the regularhedge trimmer.NEW JUDGING PAVILIONMODELSILOATSTATE FAIRA model concrete silo has been constructed at the State Fair and will bein readiness by the time the greatevent opens in September. It is proposed to have it filled with corn, ensilage, sorghum and other green feeds,thus affording students of agriculture,farmers, stockmen and all others interested an opportunity of seeing inoperation one of the greatest feedsaving and nourish-preserving devicesever used on the farm. It is a beautyin construction, and is in keepipg withthe digpity and rich appearance of allthe permanent huildings pn thegrounds. vLearn to Graft.Why not urge the boys to experiment in grafting different kinds offruit trees? Dig up some small fruittrees, such as plum, cherry, apple orpeach. Some of which can be raisedby planting the seed. The plum andcherry trees can be found almost anytime where the sprouts come from theold tree. Then get some limbs froma tree of the same kind and of achoice variety and bury them all in abox of dry dirt in th6 cellar. At anytime during the winter or spring graftthem and put them b&ckr in the dirttill time to plant out.At the Kentucky State Fair, Louisville,September 9 to 14, Inclusive.Care of Fruit Trees.Look well to the 'little fruit treesset out this spring. See that they donot suffer from lack of water. Whentrees need water pull t?ie soil awjayfrom around the roots, give each treea pailful, and, after it soaks in, replace the earth. yA great improvement over formeryears, in the-method of handling exhibits at the Kentucky State Fair, isthe erection of a new pavilion for thejudging of live stock. " In this buildingall swine, sheep and goats will bejudged. It will also be used for theStudent's and Farm Boy's JudgingContest.One side of the building will be fit-; ted for swine and sheep judgingarena, and the other for the StudentJudging. In this way the public willhave an opportunity of seeing andcomparing exhibits in these departments with the same degree of pleasure and satisfaction as those who witness the contest for honors in the'horse, mule, jack and cattle rings inthe magnificent Coliseum or mainbuilding.The new building will he well lighted, fully protected from sun cr inclement weather, and will have seating capacity for all interested spectators. In short, it will be a" miniature State Fair within itself.WORK DONWHEN PROMISEDgood wor& Hose (taeap: -&gi G&eap Work Done Good! ;gf&SS'2&e""&&&TRE.J9B RGOfflS OfggTHEAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS, ,CATALOG ,POSTERS,and, ii fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the bes thavingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.be Bourbon Slews,.1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable .and madeknown on application.UttUUMUUiUUiiX&&&'2ggmm'n1fl&t'M223I ' gggggggCurtis Benry & Co.,Groceries, Drysoods, fresh and CuredMeats, Vegetables, Fruits, Etc.iIf it comes from Henry's it's all right,because they handle the best and freshestthe markets afford. Their store is clean, freefrom flies, and evrything is handled in a sanitary way. When you deal with them youget polite attention and prompt delivery, noextra charge for either.Call either 'phone 442, and they will beglad to serve you.CURTIS HENRY CO.Cor. 1 4th and MainJ"wiftk m JlIJl Immmttr&wmmmmJr8 3r4i SOrvKSXiVriiQziTWiN BROS.Department Store Cor. 7th and Mainpeeial PricesOn Extra Wide Swiss Flouncing at 25c and50c per yard.Children's Wash Dresses, 50c, 75c, $1.Ladies' one-piece Serge Dresses, $4.98.(All Colors)Ladies' and Misses' Fine Tailored Suits, $9.95.White Nuback Shoes, $3.Special Values on Millinery, Skirts and Waists.TWIN BROS.Paris, KentuckySSSii3&3?STREES BY GRAFTING.When a New PerfectionTomes in at the DoorHeat and Dirt Fly Outiat the Window.What would it mean to you to haveheat and dirt banished from your kitchenthis summer to be free from the blazingrange, free from ashes and soot?7VPterctioitOil Cook-StoveWkh4ke New Prffc Owe. U New PerfectionStore the wo, complete cooks Jew on the jwrketrv. :... .. L-V mmA UW. too. lor wuhiag and vomag.STANDARD OIL COMPANY. rj LmmSmtU. Kr4 Alkala. C4Tnffi 5HYYITAsaves TimeIt saves LaborIt saves FuelIt saves YOUMade with 1.2 sd 3 burnen, with long, eaaaeWa. turquoise-bluechimacyi. Hsdsoraely finithed throughout.The 2- and 3-bsrner storecan be bad wkh or without acabinet top, whkh it fitted withdrop thelre. towel rack, etc.All dealers carry the NewPerfectioa Stove. Free Cook-BookwtfBeverysteve. CooBook site irea to aaremeadiag 5 ceatate cvrcrBadiagcotf. -itSSSSSSSSSSSSmmSSStmwSSiru.Injured Parts Are Bridged by Meanof Scions of Last Year's GrowthPlan Outlintd.Orchard trees "which have been girdled may often he saved by what iscalled bridge grafting. This consistsin bridging the injured parts by meansof scions of the last season's growth,thus connecting the part below thewound with that above. First trimthe bark around the injured parts.Then sharpen the ends of the scionsto a wedge shape and fit tightly intothe layer of new wood just beneaththe bark, called the cambium layer.Cover the union at the end of thescions with grafting wax, completelyto exclude the air. Also wrap thewound with cloth to protetct it fromdrying out, likewise cover the waxwith old muslin to keep it from beingmelted by the sun. If the lower edgeof the wound is near enough to theground to make it practicable to do so,it is better to cover it three or fourinches deep with fresh earth."Where the trees are very young andthe girdling is severe, cutting thetrunk off below the wound is probablythe best treatment. The exposed partof the stub should at once be coatedwith grafting .wax. Select the bestsprout that starts and support it bytying it to a firm stake until it isstocky enough to withstand strongwinds without danger of being brokenoff. When the sprout is well starteddress the stump so that it may healover readily. Cut the stub slanting atthe base of the sprout so that it willshed water. Then cover the wound withpaint made of pure white lead and rawlinseed oil, to protect it from waterand from disease germs. Do notspread the paint beyond the cut surface. This method should produce atree of bearing age sooner than onecould be grown from a replanted nursery tree.To make grafting wax, melt together four parts, by weight, of resin, twoparts of beeswax, and one part of beeftallow or raw linseed oil. Apply whilen '.Sji-.Blimed a &W Worker."I blamed mrhsirt fdrVfiMfdiitress in my left sidejor twoeSra.writes W. Evans. Danville, Va.", "butnow I know it ,ws mdigeaton as Dr.King's New Life Pills completely cured me." Best for stomach, liver andkidney troubles, costiDation, headacheor debility. 25c. at Oberdorfer'e.The Writer Who Does Most.That writer does the most whogives his reader the most knowledgeand takes from him the least time.C. C. Colton."I was cured of diarrhoea by onedose of Chamberlain's Colic, Choleraand Diarrhoea Remedy." writes M. E.Gebhardt, Oriole, Pa. For sale by alldealers.KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."Hourly High Speed ThroughService.Paris Lexington FrankfortDivision.If 4 J 1Methods ofBridging Over InjuryTrees.tomoderately hot with, a brush or dauber. A supply of the wax may be kepton hand by taking the mixture whenhot and pouring it into water. Whenit is sufficiently cool, work with thehands until the mass assumes a buffcolor. Make into balls and wrap withwaxed paper to prevent the balls fromsticking together.HOW TO PLANT STRAWBERRYBest to Have Plants in Bucket Containing Water to Keep Rootsin a Moist Condition.Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort eery hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m..and at 10 p. m., the last car going onlyas far as VersaillesCars leave Lexington for Versailles.B'rankfort and Paris, every hour from6 a. m. until 7 p. m, and at 9 andll d.m., the last car going only as far asVersailles.Cars leave Versailles tor 'Lexingtonand Paris every 15 minutes after thehour from 6 :15 a. m. until 8 :15 p. m.and at 11 :15 p. m.. last car going onlyas far as Lexngton.Cars leave Versailles for Frankforteverv 45 minutes after the hour from6:45 a. ro. until 7:45 p. m., and at 9:45p. m.Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington and Paris every thirty minutes after the hour from 6:30 a. m.until 7:30 p. m., and 10:30 p . m.. thelast car going only as far as Lexington. GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTON-NICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexington and Nicholasville every forty-fiveminutes after the honr from 5:45 a. m.until 6:45 p. m., and at 8:05 and 10:05p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville everv thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 Lp. m.,and at 9 and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville tor Lexington every fifteen minutesafter the hourfrom 6:15 a. m. until 8:15 p.m. and at10:15p.fm.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetown every hour on the hour from 6a. m. until 7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p.m.No 6"a. m. cars on Sunday .17-tf,HdfelMuoh Have YonSaved In the LastTen Years ?v- ;At 3 Per CcnJJE.In Ten Years aDeposit WithThis Bank of$1,00 a month amounts to $1 3872$5.00 a month amounts to $6937:2Start NowOpen an Account with Us Today.t(K flflrictilturl Banfc of Paris.Capital$100,00.00Surplus$67,500.00Protection$267,500.00I .HttJJUJMB-wBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.Office Opp. Postoffice.wWe Take Pleasure.in omg up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous f oj fine work and itdever goes bck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how" your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeOne of the best methods of plantingstrawberries is to thrust a spadestraight into the ground at the properplace to a depth of five or six inches,writes R. S. Sando in Outing, andthen lean it over to one side, forcingthe soil out of the' way and leavinga wedge shaped hole, one wall ofwhich is straight up and down. Theroots of the plant should be spreadout in a fan shape against this walland the spade, then set in the groundabout six inches farther forward, andby a backward movement of the handie firmly press the dirt against theroots of the plant. To lend additionalfirmness to the soil, step with onefoot on either side of the plant.The last hole made by the spadeJ should have some soil raked into itbefore leaving. When setting thej plants it is best to have them in aI bucket containing a little water inorder that the roots may be keptj moist until they are planted; but it isnot necessary or' advisable to wateri plants immediately after settingI them.Bourbon Laundry.Paris. Kentucky,mFLANDERSOc&g&Autorsiobile sBzDo ModeCsE-M-FmgYouHorticulturalNotesKeep the weeds out of the orchardFire blight attacks the pear, quinceand apple.Thinning fruit usually pays, grardingfruit always does.Put on an old mitten and get afterthe tent caterpillars.Raspberries should be picked whenthey have turned red.There is not a home that can affordto be without blackberries.In growing dewberries on a largescale one of the serious problems isthat of securing pickers.As a crop for the young orchardbeans come as near being the ideal asanything that can be grown.To watch the trees and vines growthat one has planted, to provide bowers as well as fruit, is a pleasing ambition.Get the blackberries out of the sunas soon as they are picked, or theyare likely to turn red in spots and beless salable.Leave plenty of mulch between thestrawberry rows when uncovering. Ithelps to retain moisture, and keepsberries cleaner. -Dig out and burn blackberry oiblackcap plants that are infested withred rust. There's no othr way tofight this disease.est -Jot the CheapestSSffivaEv-!a SSS5rsFKtfgWAW&tTrorrErss. -. 'cyjL?,iJ iFlanders "20" Roadster, $750GLAdDon't be alarmed if somebody tells you you can buy an automobilefor less money than the $750 Studebaker-Flanders "20." You can, butyou better not. .The Flanders "20" corresponds point by point with thebest and highest priced cars sold. Cheaper cars at every vital point arebuilt on ideas long ago discarded for good cars. Don't take our word forit. Make comparisons and see.The Studebaker-Flanders "20" is a marvel a high grade modern carat a low price. If you pay less you buy much less. And the cheaper cartoday will cost you far more in the long run. The competing car isn'tsold which the Studebaker Corporation, the greatest automobile manufacturers in the world, couldn't reproduce for less money; but we won'tbuild a cheap car, because the name "Studebaker" means the best foryour money.If you are content with a car that runs today and dies tomorrow,don't buy the $750 Flanders "20." It will wear for years. Rememberthis the Studebaker-Flanders "20" will outwear 2 to 1 any other carunder $1100 and give you double satisfaction, confidence and comfortinto the bargain.We can prove it Send for new catalogue 'The Studebaker CorporationDetroit, Mich.Bourbon Garage & Supply Company.Hi,.'I-I v, ITnK"NkMMTHE BOURBON NES,-5lf ARIS; KENTUCKy, AUGUST 9 1912mmmmmmmmmammmmmmmammmimmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmimvj-wa&JMc:'WGEO. W. IMVIS-FUNERAL DIRECTOR ANJ)ieEEEDEPiLME8.BOTH'PHC2fES DAT 137; NIGHT 299.millersburg:items.r . i -Zht Fjome of Correct Tootivear'1I mil PftiiEiihIf All UUIlClliSi IKFo End sI To theGreo Vafucs to be Had atrf-"ri-ll!J5Great ClearanceSale!As fast as our stocks are depleted, greater and bettervalues are rushed to the front, including all our highgrade and latest style footwear.To-Morrow SaturdayNew goods on sale at the same low prices that haveso astonished and delighted all Bourbon County.Come to our store for j our footwear. Buy now whilewe have your size.All Summer Goods !Vles Go to(Vfake Room Per Pall Stocks.All Walk-Over Oxfords?Latest Styles, at Cut Prices.a few shop-worn odds and ends.ofIncluding AllThis is not a SaleAll goods are new and up-to-date.Mid Summer MarkDown Sale Pricein Ladies' ShoesmLadies' two-strap Pumps and Oxfords inWhite Canvas, Patent andGun Metal, ourgrade Mark-downPrice Went ana$1.24Ladies' High-grade White Duck and TanPumps and bhoes,our sZ grade Markdown Price$2.29 & $1.99One lot Ladies' Oxfordsmostly small sizes,81.50 to $3. CO value,Mark-down Priceand Pumps,75cOne lot Ladies' Oxfords and Pumps,all sizes, S1.50 to $3.00value, Mark-downPriceMark-down Sale InBoys' and Girls'OxfordsOur best quality Boys'Patent, Gun MetalS3 value, Markdown PriceOxfords in Tan,S2.29Childrcn'b White Canvas and Pique But-t n Snoet. our&l.uO arade 2jysizefc 5 to 11, Mark-downPriceoMisses' and ChildreMetal Pumps andOxfords, Markdown Pricf .fiW O;. c...$iiLPi'e m .n1 v unS nfi nfin4 0 SOUMisses' and Children'sBarefoot Sandals, all s;zesMark-down Price49cOne lot Boys' White Canvas and Gun metal Shoes,Mark-down Price50cOne lot Infants' and Children's Pumps, 75c to $1value, Mark-down Price . .39cMark-downSale PriceAll Our Walk-Over Oxfords atCutMen's U and .83.50Walk-Over OxfordsMark-down Price..PriceslJP Wffig- g y2wOne lot Men's odd sizesOxfords, 2.50 to 63.50values, Mark-down Price.99cMen's $3.00 and 3.50Gun Metal andPatent, Markdown PriceOxfords in Tan,S2.39One of the prettiest home morningweddings witnessedjin this communitywas that of Miss Mary Ida Fisher, ofHeadquarters, to Prot. Thomas Smith,of Bristol, Tenn. The wedding tookplace at 7 o'clock Tuesday morning atthe home of the bride. The parlorwhere the ceremony was performedwas beautifully decorated in nasturtiums, banked with evergreens and potted plants.At the appointed time, under thebeautiful strains of the bridal chorusfrom Lohengrin, rendered by MissMary Frances Veach, of .Carlisle,cousin of the bride. The weddingparty then entered in the followingorder: Master Otlio Gaffin and JittleMiss Katherine "laylor, both of 3ynthiana. ribbon bearers, Master Griffinbeing a nephew of the bride. LittleMiss Frances Elizabeth Veach, cousinof the bride, of Carlisle, ring bearer,followed bv Miss Ethel Veach Fisher,sister of the bride, gowned in whitemarquisette, over white messaline,carrying pink roses, the bridal coupleentering last, the bride handsomelygowned in white marquisette, oversatin, with white roses.The group was met by Rev. Elder,nastor of theCarlisle Christian Churchwho in the beautiful and appropriatering ceremony, pronounced them manand wife. Soft music was renderedduriing the services, at tne close ofwhich Mendelshona wedding march,wasplayed. After congratulations, Mrs.Smith donned her traveling suit oftailor made whipcord, with hat andshoes to match. Prof, and Mrs. Smiththen took -an automobile to .Cynthiana,where they took the nothoound trainfor Cincinnati, from thence to visitmany points of interest in the East.The bride is the accomplished daughter ot Dr. and Mrs. Fisher. She is abeautitul and accomplished young ladywith superior education and has manvfriends throughout thisandmnny otherStates. Dr. Fisher is a physician anda prominent Mason, being one ot theMasonic lecturers of Kentucky. ProfSmith occupies the chair of Science atKings College , Bristol, Tenn,, and isprominent in educational circles.The couple were the recipients ofmany useful and handsome weddinggifts, and friends everywhere are extending congratulations.Mr. Kaymond Taylor is ill at hishome here.Paris Defeats Lawmakers 2 tb'l.In a close game at White Park yesterday afternoon Paris won from theLawmaker's by a score of 2 to 1, sending to defeat again the big league asuirant, Cramer. The contest wasthoroughly intereresting throughoutand an error in the second 'inning, followed bv Lock stealing home, cost thevisitors the game.Monroe was on the rubber for Parisand after it became apparent in thetourth session that the league leaderswere getting to his slants Applegatewas sent to the knob and for the remainder of the game held his opponents with two hits.The Bourbonites put up a splendidexhibition and the three errors chalkedup against them were not costly onlvin one instance. Cramer held the locals to five hits, while the same number went against Monroe in the fourrounds he was on the slab. The Paristeam will go to Frankfort today andreturning tomorrow, will again attempt to trim the league leaders. Adouble bill will be the feature Sundaywith the Pioneers.TUESDAY.Paiis broke'even vith the Rivermenin the double header in .MaysvilleTuesday afternoon, winning the first,a ten-inning contest by a score of i to2. and losing the second 3 to 0. Hauser was on the mound for Paris in theopening"event while Anplegate'pitchedin the second. Vance who has heretofore been a puzzle to the locals washit hard and frequently, and the Bourbonites outhil their opponents in thesecond game, but Beer's effectivenesskept them from scoring. The Paristeam played through both games without an error. " .WEDNESDAY.Paris yielded both games of thedouble header to Maysville Wednesdavatprnoon. The first game stood 4 to 1,while the second was 8 to 2. Dunlapwa3 on the mound for Paris in the firstgamn and was'hit at the time whensafeties counted. Monroe went forthe first two ir.r.ins in the second namewhen he was vanked and Lock finishedthe contest. The Rivermen were neverin daner of defeat in either of the contests.I TTTcttola.; It ' Ca-rcw!jMora than 200 havs Petitioned PARIS NESTORDER OF OWLSfor Membership. A big Class will be obligated at the K. of P. HallTHIS EVENING AT 8 O'CLOCK P. M.Tf you want to get in as a CHARTER MEMBER and have a vo;cein the adoption of the By-laws of tho Nest, and avoid paying initiation, NOW IS YOUR CHANCE. Remember you may never havethe opportunity of getting so much PROTECTION for so LITTLEMONEY. 5.00 CHARTER FEE secures you for 66.00 PER WEEK,Siek and Accident Benifit, 100 DEATH BENEFIT, and Dr. J. T.Brown to attend you or any member of your family when sick.Better '-Make hay while the sun shines'1 and get in the PARISNEST, with a bunch of theJOLLIEST and BEST FELLOWS inBourbon county.Remember the Nest will be called to order this eveningpromptly at 8 o'clock by President Pearce Paton.OSOS H.. GrlOIEXXl.State OrganizerMain St. With Thomas Bros. Open until 9 p. m.IJiiMMWigHMWMMtMMBBBMMMMMBMMWPWMIMBiBWgMWBBKlWMWWgBMBMMMCBBaaMBBiBMWMBWMBWI x!Being Well Born.The problem of being well born hasappealed to philosophers and statesmen in all times. The Jews guardedthe birthright in ways that are largely responsible for the virile strengthof the race. The Spartans securedstrong warriors, but failed to developother qualities. Plato definitely work-i ed out plans to secure right conditions of birth. The eugenic conscience of the Romans made them the rulers of the world.Mr. anrl Mrs. G. F. Jones are e.ijoy-.ing a two weeks' outing in Michigan. IgMrs. J. F. Austin, of St Louis. Mo., Jis the guest ot Mis. Joel V. Mock.Mrs. Thomas Bosworth and daugh- Jteis, of Lexington, are guests ot Mrs. ,C. B. Layson.Mrs. Mattie Hawes and son, Albert !Hawes, left yesterday for a visit torelatives atCincinnati. jDr. G. R. Deans and family leftTuesdayjn their automebile tor a visitto relatives m New Yoru.toMiss Minnie Monroe has returnedher home at Savannah, Ga., aftervisit to Miss Ethel Fisher.Mr. C. H. Cooper leit for his homeat Maysville vesterday, after a visit tohis daughter. Mrs. AaronMen's $2 and $2.50quality Oxfords,Mark-down Price .S1.69Dr. Dai'.ey, who recently purchasedihe Barbee farm, has leased the samefor one year to Mr. Luther Ashcraft.Mr. and Mrs. Aaron McConnell leftyesterday on their- motorcvele for avisit to Mr. and Mrs. L. E. Wagner, atContinental, O.Mrs. J. J. Peed and daughter. MissCarrie, Mrs. A. :T. Moffitt andNannie Clarke are in attendance atthe Bracken Associiation of the Baptist Church at Carlisle.Miss Acnes Waddell entertained anumber of young friends Thursday evening from eight to tweve, the eveningbeing delightiU'y spent, ice cream iand cake was served.Mack King, Sam Chevis. CharleySmith and George Hillman, all colored,were arrainged before t Squire Thomason, Sunday morning, charged withcrap shooting on Sunday, near theslaughter house, each being fined $25and costs.Mauser May Go To Big League.5 'Jimmy Ilauser, the star twirler ofthe Boutbouice aggregation has att acted the attention of one of the big1 ague clubs by his excellent woikduring the present season and the resuit i& that a scout will be , hue in ate days to look the promising youngster over,During the past month Ilauser hasbeen in rare form in his performanceon the mound and in the last sevengames he has pitched he has comeout the victor. During the seasonblauser has pitched in 32 games winn'ng eighteen and loosing elevenwhiie in the remaining theee he wTassent in after the game was lost.It is also said the scout who willvisit Paris v ill look over first basemon Mollenkamp who has createda i quite a sensation and won lor himself! the credit of being the best initialsacker in the league. While it cannotbe said definitely which of the Nat-Mcuonncn. ( the paris Players but ifc is believed tobe St. Louis.As the drafting season opens onAugust 15 it. is probable if Hauser'swork will warrant his "being takenover by the big league club he will bepurchased before that time.A vast amount of ill health is due toimpaired indigestion. When the stom-Miss ach fails to perform its fuuctions properly the whole system Decomes deranged. A few doses of Chamberlains Tablets is all you need. Thevwill strengthen your digestion, invigorate your liver, and regulate yourbowels, entirely doing away withthat miserable feeling due to faulty digestion. Try it. Many others havebeen permanently cured why not you?For sale bv all dealers.Owing to an overstock of buggies,carriages, and run-a-boutsjand breakcarts, we are offering them at everylow prices. If vou are thinking ofbuying anything of the kind eitherthis fall or next spring you can wellafford to call and see our stock and getour prices. We carry nothing but firstclass guaranteed work. rrzPEALE COLLIERS CO.Beauty of the Drama.I think I love and reverence all artsequally, only putting my own justabove the others; because in it I recognize the union and culmination ofmy own. To me it seems as if whenGod conceived the world, that waspoetry; he formed it, and that wasScripture; he colored it, and that waspainting; he peopled it with living be-j ings, and that was the grand, divine.eternal drama. Charlotte Cushman.Pleasing Epigram."Great talents are of no use with-1out a little sunshine of the mind"thus wrote Lady Shelley of her friendLord Brougham, who suffered fromchronic disgust of life. LondonTimes.An Ordinance.for The Re-ConstructionSidewalks in the CityParis, Ky.OTRefrigerators; Lawn and PorchFurniture.See my immense stock of refrigerators ; everv size and of best makea.My assortment of lawn porch furniture is unequaled.A splendid line of rugs, carpets 'andwall paper to select from.Call and lock them o er. Pricesmost reasonable.J. T. HIKION.S City1912.Hall. Paris, Ky., August 8Why Money Is Cheap."1 want you to tell me what thispaper means when it says in its market report that money is cheap," saidMrs. McFec to her husband, who, likeall husbands, is supposed to be encyclopedic. McFee laid down thesporting sheet. "It's simply putting ina briefer form the statements thatmoney talks," he replied, "and thattalk is cheap." Judge's Library.Shocking Soundsin the earth are somethnes heard before a terriole eaithquake, that warnGt the coming peril. Nature's warningsaie kind. That dull pain or ache inthe Lack warns 3 on the Kidneys need'attention. If you would e'scape thosedangerous maladies, Dronsy, Diabetesor Bright s disease take Electric Bitters at once and see backache fly andall your best feelings return. "Myson received great benefit from theiruse for kidnev and bladder trouble,"writes Peter Bondy, South liockwood,Mich., "It is certainlv a great kidney medicine." Try it. 50 cents atOberdrfer's.Very productive and fertile Tobaccolands, free from stone, excellenta , LuaL : W. A. Dickey. Third street. water, climatic and healty conditions;h wrote: auner yourselves to hehanged if need be, but publish your And There They Stop. Mra. j0hn Gorey, Vine street South. Near city of fifteen thousandh mm opinions, Dut in tnis country writers ue vi-y iauiers proviue suap auu Mrs Moine lirimes s Heirs. K J peupie. ah exura inaucemenr to en-' in early times faced imprisonment water for the slums, in the form ofI m v , m m . and the pillory again and again in or- excellent schools, kindergartens, and Fithian & Daugherty, C A Daugh- these lands in tracts of eighty acreslm K IJ g M rmJ I der to make their views public, and branch libraries. And there they erty,Estate,J. D. McClintock, 5h High up, at from $12.00 to $20.00 per acre,LJI V-VJllLlll, I whatever these , rn ay have been, it sp, at the curbstone of the people's rege Wright. Estate. ' 6th SS" m -4- cr i m mul conceded that hey des336 Main St., PariS, Ky credlt for courage,, at least,;Jn hav- the -children's minds, hut their bodies Mr. M. S. TiDton. iKh street. ments. Address&M " f ,. - .t. ., ' P. inr laid the foundation oir-tig t free- they pitch into the gutter." Mary M. G. Thompson, Cypress street NATCHES DISTRICT DEELOP-' iflilflHHitMHHiltfllHifll'i ' dombicb ttie-'press'of th: Antin. A ,-.-? 'J;-T. HINTON; Mayor, ..MENT LEAGUE, -NatcheaMiss.Wrmm ''mw enjoyg. London Globe. . Attest: J. W. Hayden, Clerk. (12jy-lm)- ' - i j1 ,i -,.iA - , j iHe Won't Limp Now.No more limping for Torn Moore,of Cochran, Ga., "I had a bad soreon my instep that nothing seemed tol p till I used Bucklen's ArnicaSaive," he writes, "but this wonderful healer scon cured me." Heals oldrunning sores, ulcers, boils, burns,cuts, bruises, eczema or piles. Try it.Only 25c at Oberdofer's.No Exaggeration."Speed?" retorted the demonstrator,when Jinks asked if the car was going fast. "Speed? Why, let me tellyou something. If you started out ina gale o' wind blowin' sixty miles anhour, and goin' with it, this car's sofast it'll blow it in your face." Harper's Weekly.Generally.Visitor "How do you get alongwith your rival town, Bungville?" Native "Same as all rival towns do. TheCivic League in each town worksfrom October to April promotingfriendly relations between the twotowns, and the first baseball game wOplay them undoes it."Wheieas, a number of property owners have been heretofore ordered toreconstruct sidewalks in front of theirrespective property, and have failedto do so. Now, therefore,Be it ordained by the Mayor andBoard of Council of the City of Paris,Ky.That, the hereinafter named property owners be and they are hereby required to construct sidewalks in frontof their property abutting on thestreet set after their names.Said sidewalks are to be of the established width on said streets and areto be constructed of concrete accordingto the specifications of an Ordinancefor the Constuction of Sidewalks in theCity of Paris, Ks., passed by theBoard of,Oouncil on the 29th day ofAbril, 1905, and recorded in the CityClerk's Uffice; andtare tobe constructedon a grade to,be established by theMayor.The constructon of said sidewalksmust be completed.not later than fifteen days from theDublicaton ot Lthisordinance. If said work is not completed by said time the City Councilshall advertise for the lowest and bestbid for said construction that remainsto be done the same from the hereinafter named owners of the said Drop-erty. !The property owners required to con-,struct side walks under this ordinanceare as tcllows : !Ed. C" Id well, Main street.!Vi.. ct lL-iu e.i Main street.R. B. lJucchcraft, Main street.Mrs. Jorf. Urunron, 10th street.li st Fr.s yterian Chuicht Fifth andPleasant streets.First Presbvterian Church, Sixthand Pleasant streets.K. B. Hutchcaaft, Vine street.The Mackey Heirs. Vine street.Mike Lavin, Vine street.R. K. McCarney(2) on Vine street.James McClure, Vine street.McCarney, Arnsparger & Dundon.Sixth streetMrs. Lou .medley, Second street.E. E. Mathers, Second street.Denis Dundon. Second street.E. B. January, Secor.d street.Mrs. Anna H. Lyle, Second street.Mrs. Queen H. Rion. Second street.R. B. fluhtcraft, Second street.Mrs. Henry Spears, Mt. Airy avenue.Mrs. Susen M. Rye. ftlt. Asiy avtme.J?js. Mattha C. Crump, Alt. Airy avenue. Mrs W. V. Forman, Mt. Aiv avenue.Mmnue.Alex T. Rice, Mt. Airy avenue.Z Mrj. Helen Forsyth Mt. Airry avenue. Mrs. A. J. Winters, Walkers avenue.Mrs. A. J. Weachers, Walkers avenue, Lee Baall, agent.Baptist Church. Pleasant street.Dr. Frances P. Campbell, 12th streetR. B. Hutcicraft, Walk.ers avenue.Mike Toolin, Pleasant street;.Hutchcraft & Brent, Third street.Louisville and Nashville" RailroadCo., Third street.W. A. Dickey, Third street.J. W. Haggard, Miss Mary Ashurst,Mrs. John Gorey, Vine streetMrs Mollie Grimes's Heirs, R JNeely, estate, FourthFithian & Daugherty, C A Daugherty, Estate, J. D. McClintock, 5h Hichand Pleasant.Mrs. George V right, Estate. 6thMain and Pleasant.Mr. M. S. Tipton. High street.M. G. Thompson, Cypress street'J; -T. HINTON.' Mayor,Attest: J. W. Hayden, Clerk.Removed for Alleged Meddling.The Tru3t.es of the Kentucky StateUniversity, at a. lengthy session heldat Lexington Monday, set aside thecontract of December, 1909. urerwhich former President James K. Patterson, 75 years old, was retired with anallowance of $3,000 Der annum, trctitle of "President Emeritus," andthe richt to continue in the facultyand to sit with the Board of Trusteeswithout voting.The action, probab.lv the most drasticin the history ot the board, was takenas the only solution of a situation thathad been described by President tHenry S. Barker as intolerable. Dr. Patterson has been paid 5,100 since thecontract was made.According to President Barker Dr.Patterson has been meddlir.cr with hisOf j administration to an extent that is notgooa ior tnat institution. Dr. Pattersod told the board that he was sorr.yfor the breach and would be glad tosee it healed, but from the trend ofhis remarks he wanted it healed bythe continuance of the contract, andthe right to have his ideas carried out.Governor James B. McCreary piesided as Chairman of the Board.Wanted Relief.In one of the West Philadelphia hospitals a woman patient in the wardwas groaning with pain. At last shecalled to the nurse: "O nurse, I amsuffering so much; I can't stand it.Won't you please give me an epidemic?"Reindeer Moss.I It is stated that an immense bed of' the hest reindeer moss has heen discovered near the mouth of the Poronalriver in KamchaiKa. The hed extendsto a distance of seventy-five" milesalong the coasts, has a width of overnine miles and a depth of six feet.1 This kind of moss is used in the man-' ufacture of cardboard.W. b Simn: -, Mt. Airy avc-In the District Court of theUnited States for the Eastern District of Kentucky,at Covington.Central Home telephone and Telegraph Company -Complainantvs. Notice to Creditors.Bourbon County "Home TelephoneCo., ... Defendants.Notice is hereby given that on the30th dav of July, 1912. the DistrictCourt of the United States, ior theEastern District ofKentucky, enteredan order providing, in substance, thatsaid cause be referred to the undersigned as Special Master, for the pur1 pose of hearina and determining theclaims of creditors of the defendant.j BourbonlCounty Home Telephone Company ; and further providing that allcreditors or persons claiming any interests whatsoever in the property of1 the defendant, Bourbon County HomeTelephone Company, shall file theirj claims with the undersigned, as Special Master, duly verified, in such formas said bpecial Master shall requirewithin sitxyjdays from and after saidJuly 30tb,1912; and that upon the failure of any creditor to file and nrove hisclaim within said time he shall bebarred from participation in any inrorap arisimr from the property of saidTelaohone Company.All creditors of the Bourbon CountyHome Telephone Comnany and all per, sons claiming any interest whatsoever in the property of said company will fplease take notice of saidorder and file their claims with the undersigned as Special Master, duly verified, within the time so dulv fixed.J. W. MENZlES,Special Master.Tobacco Farmers, OpportunityVl