'i -iuj.- " , . j" .j -.v" -t "- -1.,?. isV,v.y-4".BOURBON NEWS.5 ','"Wlj'PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, AUGUST 20, 1912l""'"- "-1 mumy iiii i 1 1 i 1 1 in ji ' iill'P'l i,r , a -i S& ' STHEV . .irrlIIk(Us(isasits(USmmISnisKHNHiifiiaBittiiiiaHiBianHHtfftwpBOtI HBig ReductionilfLOW"I III FRF(6AlPADDED CENSUS T-OnAIISHOESBeginning This Week We Will Reduce all HANNAN and NETTLETON OXFORDS, and also Ladies'Pumps and oxfords.We have a great many WHITE SHOES and PUMPSin Nubuck and Canvas that will be greatly reduced.These will be for CASH ONLY.GEO. McWILLIAMS9Shoe IVSaoIm rnones jui I ne1 t'HOT WEATHERSPECIALSCBoiled HamMinced HamDried BeefBolognaImported Swiss CheeseBrick CheesePimento CheeseNew York CheeseWater Melons andCantaloupes on Tee.Report of Educational Inspectors ,Show False Entries Are MadeFor Five Years.400 NAMES ADDED YEARLY.State May Demand The ReturnOf $8,000 From The CityInspector's Report.,-.,"WE KNOW HOW"VBLUE RIBBON FLOUR25-lb Sack SOc50-(b Sack $ 1 .601 OO-lb Sack $3.20T. C. LENIHAIN,casti urocery. j)Both Phones 234SiZi'-jgggg ON ALL 3pStraw Mats HH3IM AND 1?fcvisfe EsgPanamasSpecial PricesONmIPBOYS' SUITSmJ!Mmmmtf s'ieS price & 60. Giotniersand Furnishersizmmmrm'?iWmb)9SS!SWmSmmn&mmMMmmw&iwjmmmmmmmm&That the school census'of "fthis cityhas been "Dadded" with "the" view ofsecuring additional sums irom theState for the maintenance ofthe public school here is shown in the reportof the inspectors from the EducationalDepartment and which was Fridaynight submitted to Superintendent ofPublic Instructiaon Barksdale Hamlett at .b'rankfort.The report is the result of an investigation that has been in progress herefor more than a week, conducted hyinspector Marion Pogue and T. W.Vinson, who were sent to Paris to lookinto the matter, which by the abnormal per centage shown in the censusreport aroused the suspicions of thehead of this department.According to the report upwards offour hundred names have been annually added to the census list and lorfive vears the city has illegally drawnan amount in excess of $8,000 fromthe State, by means of false entiieson the census bookstand through reports filed with the State department. From the best information obtainable the State will demand thereturn of thjs amount from the city.No intimation is made in the reportthat the school authorities (meaningthe local boaid of Education) havebeen guiltv of padding the census although it says the admitted purposewas to enroll as many pupils afterApril 1 as possible without regard tothe instructions from the State department, which is a direct violation of theschool law. J The census reDort for theyear of 1912 showed'that 38 per cent ofthe population of the city of Pariswere within the school age and theseabnormal conditions prompted theState Superintendent to investigate.Mrs. Newton Clark, the local truantofficer, had charge of taking the schoolcensus of the city and was before theinspectors almost the entire time theywere in the city. However, it is notbelieved she intentionally added thefour hundred names to the school census and that while entrusted to herwork of enrolling the names was underthe supervision of her superior, in thelocal school. The flagrant violationsare set out in the report of Mr. Pogue,who conducted the investigation, andwhich is addressed to SuperintendentBarKsdaleHamlet at Frankfort underdate of August 16:Dear Sir: Having gone over thereuort of the Paris City Schools forthe year 1912-13, in company with thecensus taker, who enumerated thesame and who has performed that dutyfor a number of years, also acting astruant officer of the Paris Schools " andmaking careful comparison of the lastcensus of 1910-1911 and 1911-1912. wesubmit the following report:'We find thP mpf-hnrf nf taHtw thpcensus has been the same for a number of years, notwithstanding thechange in the school law and the instructions ofthe Departments Education governing the taking of the schoolcensus.''The most flagrant violation beingthat of listing pupils moving into thecity after April l, who . brought nowritten evidence that they had beenlisted elsehwhere and this one itemalone, counting those who the censustaker was positive ame after April 1,and those who she failed to.see;in theirhomes, having been given in by neighbors, and those whom she had seen,and doubted under oath were bona tidecitizens of Paris on April 1, amountedto about ten per cent, of the entirecensus, and reported."Under this practice the census contained many names who were visitors,transients who were of the gypsy order, and sometimes two families occupied the same house at different timesduring the month of April, in her workas truant officer. The effort being admittedgthat the"purpose was to enrollas many pupils as possible moving inafter Aprill , without regard to yourinstructions."Another feature was the listing ofpupils over age, as evidenced by comparison with reports of the two previous years, pupils often being carriedfor three years at practically the sameage, which w as explained by the census taker as thoughtlessness on herpart of not comparing each censuswith that of the former year and striking off those who would be twenty before July 1."This error with those under age,duplicate names and mistakes in copying, etc.. seem to constitute about fiveper cent, of the entire census as reported.-"Therefore, in view of the fact thatthe census in question is of uncertainvalue as a roster of the bona fide pupils of the Paris Schools, unreliableas a public document or record in acourt of law. as evidence of age, andseems to carry the names of manypupils whose right to participate inthe distribution of the State percapita is disputed."Therefore.l feel that it is hut fairand just to the tax payers of the Stateto the Department of Education, tothepublic in general and last but notleast to the people ct Paris that a newcensus be taken at once and same ishereby recommended."MARION F. POGUE,"Acting Inspector of Schools andSchool Revenues." . -Our Entire Stock OfShaw pals M PanamasAt 33 1-3 Discount j All Shapesand Kinds at The FollowingPrices. CASH.x10.00 Panamas now.$8.00 Panamas now.Panamas nowPanamas now.Panamas now.Straws now . . .Straws nowStraws now...Straws now...Straws now . . .$7.00$6.00$5.00$5.00$4.00$3.00$2.00$1.50$6.675.344.674.003.343.342.672.001.34l.OOBuy Now While The SelectionIs Large. r:iMitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to MienParis, Kentuckylilf m "Vf Ykf tP$$$$iBLKiiiiiiimiiiimiiriinmi iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiHiiiiuiiiiUMiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiN1FRANK & COS IThe Store Where Reliability Reigns..Pinal Clean-Up SaleorLadies' Ready-to-Wear Garments.$25.00 Ladies' Suits, now -15.00 L: cT.os' Suits, now . . . :35.00 Lingerie Dresses, now ." 1 7.509.985.00All25.00 Lingerie Dresses, now20.00 Lingerie Dresses, now15.00 Lingerie Dresses, now .'10.00 Lingerie Dresses, now30.00 Silk Dresses, now25.00 Silk Dresses, now20.00 Silk Dresses, now10.00 Linen Dresses, now7.50 Linen Dresses, now5.00 Linen Dresses, nowOther Rcady-to-Wcar Garments- - Price - -15.009.987.754.9815.001 2.501 O.OO4.983.982.98ReducedinrFRANK & CO:Paris,KentuckyiiuiiiiiinMiiuiiiiinini,!:iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiHiNiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiriiiuuiuuiaiiiiiiniiiuiiiiTlIvmBmmmmmmmwmmvMKmmmla,- f""" h1'. yf L Vf'.': . ."-' J;V. f i ?3., ". . J-J . .THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 20, 19123-f'V- ''- V'0.rwith pknly of ost-dcor exer-? r j j . $ass. pure louu cuiu eur, ik &S$ arrc.2 consumptive tec&adss,S-alby irritation in throat as3 M0 Inngs, and bciM ap the vrhbteJ bad. All Druggists. gfg Sco: c Bowie. BloomfieldX J 12-14 hNotice.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.'David Hickman's Administrator, JPlaintiffVs. Notice.,His Heirs, - - DefendantsAll person holding claims againstthe estate of David Hickman, deceased, are hereby notified to nresentj.thesame, proven, as required by law, tome at my office at the court house, inParis, Bourbon county, Kentucky.?All claims not presented by September 1. 1912. will be barred.C. A. McMlLLAN, M. C. B. C. C.NEW - BARBER - SHOP !Modern Equipment,4 Barbers,Kot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDWanted.To get in touch immediately with ayoung man, coilege student preferred,in connection with Four States Tourpublicity. Here's work for all summerif you "want it. Address, statingqualifications, ALLEN S. MOODY,224 Saks B'l'd'g. Indianapolis, Ind.Some Good AdviceTo the People.b Don't sell your old feathers until you find out the prices, Youcan call us and we will look at.your feather, or if you live in'the counrry send us a sample. I-swjll let you know what they are-worth. Some old feathers if theyhave been well cared for are as-good as new. We pay marketprice for new feathers.MAX MUNICK,'3th Street, PARIS, KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 374AUTO FOR HIRESpecial attention given toparties desiring to hire automobiles. Call on us forpricesTRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special atten-tion given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.'livery, Feed and Sales Stable.Eighth Street Both Phones.Hot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on tnetrade. No long waits.. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.Professional CardsJ J. WIIililAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Zoom 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Oftice Phones .' T 1?JI Home 136.ResidenceE. T. 334.Home 334.DR, A. fct KELLEK,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'g'Paris .... KentuckyTRTHE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .$2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.as mail matter of the second clatssADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, l.UU perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices. 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matt er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.DEMOCRATIC TICKET.For President,HON. WOODROW WILSON.of New Jersey.For Vice-President,HON. THOS. R.MARSHALL,of Indiana.For Congress, '"HON. J. CAMPBELL CANTRlLL,of Scott county.j How Democrats Helped! Labor.Chairman W. B. Wilson, of the Committee on Labur of the DemocraticHouse of Representatives, pointed outin a recent speech in the House thatthe labor interests of the country hadleceived more consideration from thepresent Democratic House than hadcome to them for many years.He laid special stress on he fact thatthe Democrats had restored to government emnloyes the right of petition aconstitutional orivilege that had beentaken away from them by executiveorders under both Roosevelt and Taftand on the further fact that the Democratic party had lived up to its platform promises in the treatment oflabor. Mr. Wilson cited fitfeen specified measures beneficial to ;ab3r thathad been passed by the House at thepresent session at the request of theworkers of the nation.Prominent among the list is theeight-hour bill, extending the operations of this law to the work done forthe'government as well as work doneby the government; the anti-injunctionbill, to protect workingmen duringwage disputes ; the contempt bill, toprovide for trial by jury in cases of indirect contempt ; the bill creating aDepartment of Labor, and thejinvestigation of Taylor and other systems of"scientific shop management," whichimpose undue hardships on workingmen.Wilson Progressive, But Safe.Governor Wilson has quieted thefears of the business interests that thetariff may be reduced too suddenly inthe event of Democratic success inNovember.Governor Wilson recently had a conference with Congressman Redfield, ofNew York, who has-made some of themost sensible speeches ever heard inCongress, and it was agreed between, them that the proper and safe thing to' do with regard to the tariff is to cut itj down gradually until;the uroper levelis reached. In that way it will be easyto ascertain just what effect each successive cut has on price conditions andwages. Thus by easy stages the tariffj for private prcht can be turned into a. tariff for revpnue, and this process isj sure to result in a reduction in the costj of ilving.I Governor Wilson is not anxious to in-jure any man s uusiness. ne win insist, however, in the event of his election, that all business be legitimate,ana that the false foundation be takenfrom under the tariff trusts. But hewillgmake it a gradual proeessand onethat will not disturb either business oithe country in general.Cost Of Watered Stock.Overcapitalization of our industriesis not cnb one of the prime causes ofthe present high cost of living, but isalso one of the principal causes of thepresent unsatisfactory conditions of hbor. This can be demonstrated .by alittle arithemetic.Various prominent financial stjdentsconclude, and their conclusions aresustiind nv the reports of the UniteUStates Commisaijn and the publishedfigures of the National CorporationTax Returns, that about30,000,000,000of outstanding stock represents water.On this stock, dividends of about $1,500,000,000 are being paid, amountingto about $18 a person or nearly $100an American family.A vast amount of ill health is due toimpaired indigestion. When the stomach fails to perform its fuuctions properly the whole system becomes deranged. A few doses of Chamberlains Tablets is all you need. Thevwill strengthen your digestion, invigorate youi liver, and regulate yourbowels, entirely doins: away withthat miserable feeling due to faulty digestion. Try it. Many others havebeen permanently cured why not you?For sale bv all dealers."I was cured of diarrhoea by onedose of Chamberlain's Colic, Choleraarid Diarrhoea Remedy." writes M. E.Gebhardt, Oriole, Pa. For sale by alldealers.CURIOUS BITSOF HISTORYA FIGHTING PREACHER.By A. W. MACY.In 1772 Rev. John Peter Gabriel Muhlenberg took charge ofthe little Lutheran church atWoodstock, Virginia, and forthree years attended faithfullyto his pastoral duties. Duringthat time, however, the revolutionary rumblings becamelouder and louder, and thepreacher became more andmore interested in the burningquestion of independence. Finally, one Sabbath morning, hedelivered an impressive discourse on patriotism, and dweltat length on the duty of ailgood citizens to uphold theircountry in the hour of need.At the close he exclaimed in avoice like a trumpet, "There isa time for all things; a timeto preach and a time to fight,and now Is the time to fight."Then throwing off his sacerdotalgown he stood before his astonished congregation in thefull regimental dress of a Virginia colonel. He ordered thedrums to be beaten at thechurch door for recruits, and onthat day nearly 300 men enlisted, including almost everyable-bodied man of his congregation. He was made colonelof the Eighth Virginia regiment,afterwards became a major-general,and gave proof of hisbravery on many a hsrd-foughtbattlefield.Tii ii i n ii i ii in i ii i ii 1 1 ii ii ii 1 1" i i ii m i n imnii(Copyright, 1911, by Joseph B. Bowles.)$100 Reward $100.The rerders of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stages, andthat is Catarrh. Hall's Catarih Cuieis the only positive cure now known tothe medical fraternity. Catarih being a constitutional disease, requires aconstitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, actingdirectly upon the blood and mucoussurfaces of the system, thereby destroying the foundation of the disease,aud giving the patient strength bybuilding up the constitution and assisting nature in doing its work. TheDroprietors have so much faith in itscurative cowers that they offer OneHundred Dollars for any case that itfails to cure. Send for list of testimonials. Address b J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, Ohio.Sold bv all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's.Faniily Pills for constipation. The Smoke Inspector.A Chicago politician imported h!fcousin from the old country and hadhim appointed a smoke inspector. Thiswas in the old days. He was turnedloose to inspect without any instructions whatever, and this is the reporthe rendered at the end of the firstmonth: "I certify that I have inspected the smoke of this city for the lastthirty days. I find plenty of smokeand apparently of good quality. Respectfully submitted." Courier Journal. Quick Decision."Huh!" snarled the railroad editor."Here's a story that in one place callsa man Brudge and in another placorefers to him as Bridge. What do youthink of that?" "Merely a questionof you or I," remarked .he statehouseman, flippantly. And the railroad editor, who was inclined to egotism, decided in favor of "Bridge."He Won't Limp Now.No more limning for Tom Moore.of Cochran. Ga., "I had a bad soreon my instep that nothing seemed toh Ip till I used Bucklen's ArnicaSaive," he writes, "but this vwonderful healer senn cured me." Heals oldrunning sores, ulcers, boils, burns,cuts, bruises, eczema or niles. Try it.Only 25c at Oberdofer's.Kentucky Fair Dates.The -following are the dates fixed forholding the Kentucky fairs for 1912, asfar as reported. Officers of fairs arerequested to report to us anv omissionsor correction of dates.Brodhead August 14, three days.Hardinburg August 20, three days.Snepherdsville August 20,four days.Lawrenceburg August 20, four davs.Columbia August 20, four days.Erlanger Atitrust 21. tour days.Einin net? August 22, four days.Stanford August 21, three days.Ewing August 22, thee days.Shelbvville August 27, four days.Hodgenville August 2, four davs.London August 27, three days.Nicholasville August 27,three days.Fulton August 28, four days.Germantown August 28, four days.Dover August 28, four days.Springfield August 28, four days.Florence August 28, four days.Franklin August 29, three days.Elizabetht jwn September 3, threedays.PARIS, September 3. five days.Tompkinsvilie Spetember 4, fourdays.Barboursviile September 4, threedays.Bardstown September 4, four davs.Bowling Green September 4, fourdays.Sanders Tri-County Fair, September 4, four days.Monticello September 3, fcur days.Louisville State Fail Sent. 9? sixdavs.Melbourne SeDtember 17, five days.Horse .Cave September 18, " fourdavsSpeak Not III of Any Man.Calumniators are those who haveneither good hearts nor good understandings. We ought not to think illof any one till we have palpable proof,and even then we should not exposethem to others. Colton.Tattooing in Persia.Until the last generation, tattooingwas almost universal in Persia. Today it is rare among the upper classes,but is still affected by the lower classes. Women are tattooed not so muchwith a view to decoration as to avertthe "evil eye," or to hide a blemish,or to cure a malady.Masses Will Still Be Massing.A soap box orator the other night,at the close of a fervid appeal, woundup with the following lucid and expressive peroration: "And now, comrades, after everything has been said,after everything has been done, thegreat masses of the people will stillconstitute the bulk of the population."FOR RENT." Flat of four rooms, bath, 'etc., overC. P. Cook & Co.'s grocery. Apply toJ. T. HINTON.Commissioner's Sale!-OF-FARM!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Robt. II. Wilson and Isaac Wilson,.FJaintins iVs. - - Notice of Sale.Sallie C. Corbin, Etc.,DefendantsUnder and by virtue ot a judgmentof the Bourbon Cicuit Court, renderedin the above styled action, at theJune, 1912, term, the undersignedSpecial Commissioner of the BourbonCircuit Court, will sell at public auction to the highest and best bidder atthe court house door, in the City ofParis, Ky., about the hour of 11o'clock a. m., onMonday, September 2, 1912,the following described property :Z That certain tract of land in Bourbon County, Kentucky, on the HarpandInnis turnpike, about seven milesfrom the City of Paris, containingabout 118 acres, known as the Corbinfarm. About thirtj acres thereof being ob the northeast side of said turnpike and the remainder on the oppositeside thereof. Said land is adjoiningthe Steele heirs on the north andSteele heirs and John J. Piper and G.A. Smedley on the east side; John J.Piper on the south, and John J. Piperand Mrs. Agnes Jacoby on the westside, and being the same tract of landconveved by Tazwell Marr and T. K.andB. B. Marsh, in trust for RachelCorbin and her children, by deed ofecord in the office of the Clerk ofBourbon'County Court in Deed Book44, Page" 253.Said sale being made to satisfy ajudgment of Robt. H. Wilson againstthe defendants, Sallie C. Corbin andMattie Corbin, for the sum of $4,000,with 6 per cent interest reon fromthe 19th clay of Marc 1910, untilpaid, and for the further dgment ofIsaac M. Wilson against e said defendants for the sum o $2,000.00,with 6 per cent, interest from the19th day of March, 1910, until paid, andthe additional sum of 177.10 courtcosts.Said sale will be made upon thecredits of six, twelve and eighteenmonths for equal parts of purchasemoney, the purchaser being "requiredto execute bond for equal installmentsof the purchase price, with good security, to be apDroved by said Master Commssioner, payable to saidCommissioner,! and bearing interest atthe rate of 6 per cent, per annum fromdate ot sale until paid, and to remaina lien upon said property until fullypaid, and tojhave the force and effectof a judgment.c. a. McMillan,Master Commissioner of JBourbon Circuit Court.David K. Thornton, Atty.M. F. Kenney, Auct.In the District Court of theUnited States for the Eastern District of Kentucky,at Covington.Central Home lelephone and Telegraph Companv -Complainantvs. Notice to Creditors.Bourbon County Home TelephoneCo., - Defendants.Notice is hereby given that on th30th day of July, 1912. the DisttictCourt of the United States, tor theEastern District ofKentucky, ente-edan order providing, in substance, thatsaid cause be referred to the undersigned as Special Master, for the purpose of hearing and determining theclaims of creditors of the defendant.BourbonCounty Home Telephone Company ; and further providing that allcreditors or persons claiming any interests whatsoever in the property ofthe defendant, Bourbon County HomeTeleDhone Company, shall file theirclaims with the undersigned, as Special Master, duly verified, in such formas said bpecial Master shall requirewithin sitxy'days from and after saidJuly 30th,1912; and.that upon the failure of Jany .creditor to file" and Drove hisclaim within said time he shall bebarred from participation in anv income arising from the property of saidTelephone Company.All creditors of the Bourbon CountyHome Telephone Company and all persons claiming any interest whatsoever in the property of said company will Jplease take notice of saidorder and file their claims with the undersigned as Special Master, duly verified, within the time so duly fixed.J. W. MENZlES,Special Master.MAN ANU TEE GQii -Dr. R. V. Pierce of Bufralo, cuihor o th j Cmc ZczsoMedical Adviser, sas " why does not the ixwor trc-r.t his cwabudy as he treats the land he chivusea. He pvtsl-ci zzilxzphate what he takes cut w cvp.. or th : z:d v .i '.1 ;cr ?cc.The farmer &hc.4d put L-.clcr.-:o h.3 LoJ t s jl c'u.i...exhausted h I' -r, c ' y .'M..tI . lu "uccd I" r ,nc c'-rJsdisease." I ur?r, l.z , ,: i : w c.t -..--. " r , L.rPierce's GoiJen Med od D.sco-t-y i in its v:ta. . lag pc7.i.r.to the stosnarh z.:.l pu.-Iry to tLc v.Wnature v.ith the zJLzli : !lit La. . np lo crazn. Hzz far-reechmg ecton otEoetos3 I Icrcc- OclJIcrt TCgCZcslI IDiScoireryis due to its ez?t cj lb? s.on.ach ar.d crjus cf d'jestion and nutrition. Diseases that begin in the -torrst-h a? cured through the stomach. A bilious spellis simply the resale of en eSbrt racde by the liver to catch up vhen over-vorkeUand exhausted. I have found tLz ' Discovery ' to be unsnrpecscd as a liver regulator and rih bod-rrakcr."Miss Lottie KiavcLT of Porth, Kiira". rar: '' v,i- --cr:" r51- n ttbncr.yof the e fleet ivenci c r-ur ivmcJy r: i HT'- '" - v"3 tr'n VI v:t i: .IJ( ,tu ifor two yo.iri or more. Iocrcd v. it!i tl rei dl.-crnt dix-tors x-bklos tr.kinir u.r. r-ous kinds oi so-caned k stomacn ciires ' duidow;ach.timn.n, could not sleep at night with thr pnm in my cnest. caused by cas on the storu-Was weak, could eat scareejv anytMnc although 1 was hungry neany all tLoAbout one ve.ir and a half aso i nean tauini; your itokien -Ueuicai Disc v-cry,' and after having taken several LottV- an nearly cured of stomach trouble.Can now eat without distress and h:n-o jrsiipM I ft-en poiuu1-? i" wriiht. -$I thank you for jour romedy an'1 v In y i l.1 cuccosj in j ,r good wcvk.'VCORTRJGHTRoofs Put on26 Years Agoare as good as new, and havenever needed repairs neverneed attention of any kind, except an occasionalHaMgle,k1ilStorm-proof Fire-proof Lightning-proofDon't buy that roof for the new building, or re-roof the old,N5 until you have examined the (ortnghi Metal bhmeles.for Sale by Miller &TWINClothing DepartmentAll the Latest Ideas inmmNow OnLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.SofrsggaaQSOWhy not you join the great army ofcustomers and burnNow is the time to try a load.Dodson & Dentons&S3&SStSsSSHS2:Cumberland telephone ami telegraph ComplyINCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the CumberlandBourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North Middletown, Little" Rock aRuddles"When you have Cumberland serviceJHAVE telephone service.' JCumberlandSTelephone and Telegraph, CompanyflNCOBPORATED.,r v., jIt grves -trenchii u!.!. the phosphates which supplyrje ivcu no pcnuancnvrcnci. i as r,.aMETALcoat of paint.Best, Millersburg, Ky.twtwwtmmmBROS.,DisplaywkCLOTHIHB2sIj39 JnLYm!ndMills.you&Vij- .' Hfef-" -Vf r,s-&'sfAV.iWtft ' AV V. i " .s,xkrJn .i;C r-r',wvTVltrfiiV-u 'iw J tl ,vJ-, ' f , M- . - V., -?.,:; ,'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 20, 1912.v "?. -Z ' 7 : : ; - -.Blood Was WrongAll women, who suffer from the aches and pains, dueto female ailments, are urged to try Cardui, the reliable,scientific, tonic remedy, for women. Cardui acts promptlyyet gently, and without bad effects, on the womanly system,'relieving pain, building up strength, regulating the systemand toning up the nerves. During the past half century'thousands of ladies have written to tell of the quick curativeresults they obtained, from the use of this well-known medicineTAKETheWomansToniftiifj$ iMrs. Jane Cailehan suffered from womanly trouble fornearly ten years. In a letter from Whiteville, N. C, shesays: "l was not able to do my own housework Mystomach was weak, and my blood was wrong. I had backache, and was very weak. I tried several doctors, but theydid me no good. I used Cardui for 3 or 4 months, and nowI am in the best health I have ever been. I can never praiseCardui enough." It is the best tonic, for women.Whether seriously sick, or simply weak, try Cardui.Write to- L"i es Advisory Dept.. Chalfanocza Medicine Pn nH!.nn tf?r Special In'i ons. end 64-page book, " Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 53r?r:CFR.ET r5fi n4-w ft r.n .tr a - si ar-& fervii h2s' j& &sx'3A & &IX EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:.1 P. 21.Mo'.i297104037312332625)13S3S53D30S32315 21 am4.34am.7.35 am7.3S amf.oo amamamTrains ArriveFROMAtlanta. Ga., DailyLexington. Ky., DailyCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ...,....,Maysille, Ky. , Daily Except SundayRowland, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday kLexington, Ky , Daily Except Sunday S.12Cincinnati, O., Duily , 9. 50Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 10.20 amLexington, Ky, , Daily 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 12.00 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 DmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.1o pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pmKnoxville. "enn.. Daily 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily." 5.25 pmCincinnati, O , Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pmLexington, Ky., Daily .' ' 6,03 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.03 amJacksonville. Fla., Daily 6 05 pmCincinnati, 0., Daily : 10:50 pmTrains IDe-partSo. TO34 Cincinnati. 0., Daity 5.4 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 5.29 Lexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7,40 Cincinnati, 0., Daily Except Sunday". 8.10 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday S.137 Lexington, Ky., Daily i).37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily ? 10.133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10.6 Maysville, K., Daily .. 12.26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.25 Lexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 3.38 Cincinnati, O., Daily ...'. 3.9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ., 5.39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday o.82 Cincinnati, O., Daily ; 6.8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 630 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 0.31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.28 am35 am47 am20 arc20 am57 am55 am24 am27 am05 pm04 am34 pm40 pm52 pm57 pm10 pm15 pm25 pm55 pm57 pIX EFFECT OCTOBER. 3, 1911.Trains -A.rrivreNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3,40 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pm102 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10.00 pmTrains 3De;pa,rtNo. TO1C1 Frankfort& Louisville, Sunday Only 6.20 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday 9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky DailyExcept Sunday 5.52 amMICHELINIjg Easiest to NV jf)tig lit on any Wfel Q. D. Clincher JjtWffiQuick- -' ! - -nill feM .. -aCHILD RUN OVER BY1ENGINE IS NOT HURT,Falls Between the Rails From a,Sled Which Is Demolished fby the Pilot.Chicago. When a switch engine on!the Baltimore & Ohio railroad passedover the body of four-year-old Margery;Johnson in East Chicago the other afternoon, Mary Garcia, the little girl'snurse, who had been giving her chargeta ride on the sled when the accident!occurred, fainted beside the tracks, jThe nurse had just cleared the,tracks, had felt the sled being struckfrom her grasp and caught a fleeting'I r1Woodrow Wilson, Scholar and Statesman, DemocraticCandidate For President,FARMERSUPP5 oiUJIIs U thew w K B W 1fc Ha S& T1...U.l.,l.UT.J.4PEOPLE AND THE CURRENCY.Best Equipped Man For Presidency Since Lincoln.SENATOR GARDNER'S VIEWS,Jtisi cs cupext&T to QikeY tires03 Michelin Red Inner Tubes are toother tubesIN STOCK BYYerkes & PrichardCor. Pleasant and High1 ' HThe Maine Statesman, Himself aFarmer, Declares That PresidentTaft Would Continue to Tax Farmersof the United States and at the SameTime Compel Them to Compete WithCanadian Farmers.The reasons why those engaged inagricultural pursuits should supportGovernor Woodrow Wilson for president are strongly set forth by SenatorObadiah Gardner of Maine in an address to farmers.Senator Gardner is a practical farmer, one who farms his own farm, andhe is probably in closer touch 'and sympathy with country life and its environments than any other man in public life.For twenty-five years Senator Gardner has been actively interested inthe national grange, and for ten yearshe was the master of the state grangeof Maine. A few years ago he camewithin a close margin of being electedgovernor of the Pine Tree- State.A little less than a year ago, whenSenator Frye, who had representedMaine in the senate for thirty years,died, Governor Plaisted honored Mr.Gardner and recogniz.ed the agricultural interests of the country by appointing him to the United States senate, where he has made a most creditable record, devoting particular attention to the welfare of the great ruralpopulation of the country. He i nowa candidate for re-election and will undoubtedly be successful.In his address Senator Gardner says:To the Farmers of the United States.Greeting:Being one of you and for the greaterpart of my life having been engaged inthe practical everyday duties of my ownfarm, having been for twenty-five yearspast officially at work through boards ofagriculture and the national and stategranges, having served four years as second officer of the national grange and asmaster of the Maine state grange tenyears, during which time the order InMaine added 35,545 members and attaineda power and influence never held before.1 feci 1 am in a position to speak from thestandpoint of one who knows the farmeranfi his needs, and It is solely because ofIn dealing with the complicated and difficult question of thereform of our banking and currency laws it is plain that weought to consult very many persons besides the bankers, not because we distrust the bankers,but because they do not necessarily comprehend the business ofthe country,notwithstandingtheyare indispensable servants of itand may do a vast deal to makeit 'hard or easy. No mere bankers' plan will meet the requirements, no matter how honestlyconceived. It should be a merchants .and farmers' plan aswell, elastic in the hands of thosewho use it as an indispensablepart of their daily business.From Woodrow Wilson's SpeechAccepting the Democratic Nomination.this that I am prompted to address you.For years farmers have justly complained of being required to pull at theshort end of the yoke because of unfairand unjust discriminations in legislationand transportation, and at the presenttime the farmers are charged with beingthe cause of the high cost of living whenas a matter of fact, taken collectivelythe amount invested in their business, thehours devoted to hard labor and everything connected with the details of agricultural life they are, as a whole, thepoorest paid class of people in this country while relatively the most important.During all recent years farmers havebeen told what a great blessing has beentheirs through the so called protectivetariff, and yet to find a market for theirprincipal crops they have had to competein the markets of the world where theprice is fixed. But suddenly it is discovered that the farmer is the sole cause forthe high cost of living, and what happens? The president (Mr. Taft) with atotal disregard for the interests of thefarmers, submits a plan to open up tocompetition with the farme; s of the United States the products of Canada whilebeing careful to preserve the tariff or,more correctly speaking, the tax on allthe farmer has to buy, which as clearly asanything can exposes the hypocrisy and"humbuggery" of the claim that the tariffis any benefit to agricultural as comparedwith manufactured products.Now, the farmers of this country havean opportunity to benefit themselves thathas never appeared within my recollection, as the Democratic party has beencompelled by the force of public opinionto nominate a man for the presidencywho is the best equipped for that high'office of any that have been nominated orelected since Lincoln a raan that I speakof from a personal acquaintance with anda knowledge of his fitness; a man of greatnatural ability, splendidly educated, nottheoretically, but practically; a keennessof intellect remarkable for its grasp ofevery condition with which he is confronted: an Indomitable crmrncA n Anright, and, above all, a great, broad tend- fenc wxtn and sympathy for all classes.He will make1 one of the most accessiblepresidents ever in the White House andthrough whom none will be refused ahearing, however humble, nor fail to receive justice at his hands. He is truly amarvelous man, and I wish every personIn the United States could know him as1 know him. And supplementing all thesequalities is the addition that his home isone of perfect balance.None can meet the splendid Mrs. Wilsonand her three refined, cultured daughterswith their perfect naturalness but mustfeel that the whole family of WoodrowWilson was especially prepared to fill agreat need In the present crisis in the history of our country, as were Washington,Jefferson, Jackson and Lincoln, and Iwould advise the farmers upon my reputation as a man if you want to protectyour own interests and those of your families, if you want to render the greatestpossible good to your country and futuregenerations, If you want to contributeyour part to the end that popular government under God shall not perish from theearth, then see that the Hon. WoodrowWilson is elected president.She Felt the Sled Being Struck.glimpse of the engine passing over thehnrlv nf the rhilrl Wlian cYta -nniiTTior'H.to consciousness five minutes later sBefelt the soft pressure of two little?hands on her cheeks and heard a childish voice whispering in her ear:"Margery wants a ride."The little girl was uninjured. Whenthe nurse had pulled the sled in orderto clear the track ahead of the onrushing engine the child had fallen off, directly in the locomotive's path. Hersmall body, however, escaped thefender and remained untouched bywheels and crossbeams during the',quick passage of the engine. The sled,struck by the side of the engine, was"demolished.Just as the sled was on the tracksthe woman saw the black shadow ofthe approaching locomotive. Thequick jerk she gave the rope to bringthe little girl safely across the track9instead left the child directly betweenthe rails.X-fr-H"!"!"!"!"!"!"!"!"!.-:..!..!..: I"I"!-:":"X-WHAT REPUBLICANPER1TY IS.PROS-What has the result been?Prosperity? Yes; if by prosperity you mean vast wealth, nomatter how distributed or whether distributed at all or not; if3Tou mean vast enterprises builtup to be presently concentratedunder the control of comparatively small bodies of men, whocan determine almost at pleasurewhether there shall be competition or not. The nation as a nation has grown immensely rich.She is justly proud of her industries and of the "genius of hermen of affairs. They can masteranything they set their minds to,and we have been greatly stimulated under their leadership andcommand. Their laurels aremany and very green. We mustaccord them the great honorsthat are their due, and we mustpreserve what they have built upfor us. But what of the otherside of the picture? It is noteasv for us to live as it used to- , .be. Our money will not buy as 2much. High wages, even when Jwe can get them? yield us no $great comfort. We used to be Jbetter off with less, because a Xdollar could buy so much more. TThe majority of us have been Xdisturbed to find ourselves grow-ing poorer, even though our earn- 4.ings were slowly increasing.Prices climb faster than we canpush our earnings up. From XWoodrow Wilson's Speech Ac- 4cepting the Democratic Nomina- j.TOWEL SEWED UP IK WOMANRemained in Patient Five Weeks Before Being Recovered by AnotherOperation.New York. A towel, a yard longand a foot wide, with a red border,vwas accidentally sewed up inside ofMrs. Mollie Myers when she was operated on in St. Vincent's hospital inNovember, 1905, according to an affidavit filed with the supreme court byDr. Benjamin Friedman, formerly ofthis city, now living in Hungary. Mrs'.Myers held Dr. Herman J. Boldt responsible and has sued him for damages.I Jiiii III III1 1 i1 InMfiWilson and Marshall" looks cood.founds good, is good.He Recovered the Towel.Doctor Friedman asserts that whenhe recovered the towel, after it hadremained five weeks inside Mrs. Myers it bore the label "St Vincent'shospital.""A few days later," alleges DoctocFriedman, "I met Doctor Boldt, whotold me that he had sent the towel tothe New York County Medical association as a curiosity, indicating thegreat vitality of the patient Mrs. Myers told me she was going to sue Docy.tor Boldt, and I told him of this. Hesaid he was insured against such. aet cidents and that he did not carey1It yJS-,K-v T7rt-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 20, 1912KiVIMNM4IHMMHI66 ANNUALB0U1B0N!COUNTYFAIR!PARIS. KY. ..w, "'8Sept 3, 4, 5, 6, 7,1912Best Horse Show of...Them AIL.Liberal Premiums For AH Classesof Live Stock.Free Entrance lo All ClassesMICHAEL'S CONCERT BAND!MISS HAMMANN, SoloistEvery Day Has Special Features, IncludingTuesday--Big Colt Stake,Cattle, Harness,Horses' Sheep.Pony Show,Saddle andShorthornRoadsterWednesday-Shorthorn and Beef Cattle, Harnessand Saddle Horses, Baby Show, Mare andColt, Pony Rings, Berkshire, Poland Chinaand Durock Hogs.Thursday $100 Harness Stake; Jersey Cattle, Jacksand Jennets, Saddle and Harness Rings.Friday $250 given in Mule Premiums, including $100Suckling Mule Show; Heavy HarnessHorses, Harness Mares, Harness Geldings,Pony Rings, Boy Rider, Walking Horse;$100 Saddle Special; Lady Driver, FancyTurnout, Combined Horses, Etc.Saturday Six Roadster Classes, including $100Sweepstakes; Combined Rings, Saddle andDraft Horses, Trotting Bred Colt, BabyShow, Rockaway and Model Horses, HeavyHarness Horses, Gentlemen Riders.Biggest Poultry and Pigeon Showof Any County Fair.Day and Night Attractions!Reduced Rates On All Railroads.Write For Catalogue. 'M. Hall, Pres. C. A. Webber, Sect..Burglar Admits Guilt.Matt Simpson, white, was arrestedin Lexington Friday bv DetectiveMalcom Brown, snspected of beitij?the party who broke into several storesin this city Thursday night, and- wasbrought to Paris and arraigned beforeE. B. January for hi" examining trialSaturdaty. He pleaded guilty to thecharge of entering the jewelry storeof C. O. Binton and the drug storeof Dr. G. J. Clarke, and was heldover to the grand jucy in the sum of$250.He had in his possession a watch anda vanity case stolen from Mr. Hintonand several razors and a Docket booktaken from the store of Dr. Clarke.He was trying to sell these articlesin Lexington, which aroused suspicion,and the authorities in Paris were notified. SimDson is known here, and iBa notorious dope fiend.lefrigeratcrs; Lawn and PorchFurniture.See my immense stock of refrigerators ; every size and of best makes.My assortment of lawn porch furniture is unequaled.A splendid line of rugs, carpels andwall paper te select from.Gall and lock them o er. Pricesroost reasonable.J. T. HINION.Rugs.Mrs. Julia Frank Dies in East.A telegram received yesterday morning by reatives in this city announcedthe.death of Mrs. Julia Frank, whichoccurred yesterday morning at Chautauqua, N. . after an illness of aboutthree days, following an attack ofacute-heart trouble.The announcement of her demise wasa severe shock to her relatives andiriends.Although she had been in delicatehealth fcr more than a year her sondition a short time before her death wasnot thought to be serious, but later developments alarmedjher daughters whowere with her and her son.Mr.BismarkFrank, was called, leaving here Sundayevening, but failed to reach her bedsidebefore the end came.About the first of July Mrs. Frankin company with her two daughters,Mises Carrie and Helen Frank, wentto Chautauqua, N. Y., to spend thesummer, thinking perhaps the changeof climate would be of benefit to thehealth of their aged mother, and untila few days ago had apparently beenin her usual health, but a suddenchange came Friday, resulting in herdeath at the hour named yesterdayMrs. Frank, who was aged aboutsix-ty-fivByears, was the widow of Mr.Louis Frank, for years one of the leading merchants of this city, and one ofthe most prominent business men ofCentralJKentucky. She was of German descent andwas born in Frankfort,Germany, and was a daughter of Mr.and Mrs. Edward Amenda. At anearlv age with ner parents, she migrated to this country,!and in 1857 was united in marriage to Mr. Louis Frankin Cincinnati.To this union seven children wereborn, all of whom survive their motherMisses Helen and Carrie Frank, ofthis city, Dr. Ben Frank, of New YorkCity, Dr. Louis Frank, of -Louisville,and Messrs. Robert, Julian and Bismark Frank, all of this city. Two sisters, Mrs. M. M. Karthouse, of Hunts -ville,Ala., and Mrs. Mooth, of .Nashville, also survive.On Fridav, October7, 1910, her husband, after an illness extending overa period of several months passed awayat his home in this city, and the severeshock over the loss of her husband hada telling effect upon Mrs. Frank, whoin the two years following declinedrapidly.Mrs. Frank was one of the most populra women of this community, numbereine her friends by the score andwho will be grieved to learn of her sadand unexpected death.The remains, accompanied by Misses Carrie and Helen Frank, Mr. Bismarck Frank and Dr. Ben Frank, ofNew York, left Chautauqua, N. Y.,last night and a special train will bringthe body to this city this morning, arriving here at 11 o'clock. The funeralarangements have not been completed.BUCKANNOUNCEiNTFor .1913 Every, Up-To-DateFeature That Has ProvenPracticable Has BeenAdded.The Reward of Two Blue Grassers WhoseClever Batting Eyes Netted Them $50 EachBourbon Fair Catalogues.The News has on hand a supply ofthe Bourbon Fair catalogues for theEixty-fifth annual exhibition, to beheld here Sept. 3-7, inclusive. Thecatalogues are for distribution, andcan be had by calling at this office.MATRIMONIAL.:M'NAMARA-GOODMAN.The marriage of Miss Calla LeeMcNamara, of Millershurg, to Mr. B.F.. Gooiman. of this city,', was t'quietlycelebrated yesterday evening at So'clock in the study at the Methodistchurch, Rev. b. S. Simms, pastor ofthe church, officiating.U The weddincr will come as quite asurprise to the many friends nf theI contracting partiesMillersburg, wherei popular. ne omy attendants were' Miss WillieJ Eagan McNamara, sisternf the bride, and Mr. William Kuhl-man.I Miss McNamara is the daughter ofMr. and Mrs; James ;McNamara, ofMillersburg, and has been a frequentvisitnrto relatives in this city. Morethan a year go she met Mr. Goodmanand a strong attachment was formedand which found a happy culminationyesterday evening.Mr. Goodman came here about threeyears ago from Paintsville, Ky., andhas made his home here during thesummer months, and during the timehas been'a member of the Paris baseball team, and one ot its most valuedand consistent players. He is a youngman'ot exceptional habits and duringhis residence here has made a largenumber, of friends who will join inwishing him and his bride a marriedlife of unbounded happiness.For the present the couple will reside at the'Fordham JHtel and latprwill go to housekeeping in this citv,where they will make their futurehome.fc "KMmm9smsmw9SMsmfmmm$feetMattingAnother lot of 9 feet by 12Reversible Matting Rugs, $3.45.3 feet by 6 feet, 45 cents.Also 11 feet 8 inches by 9 feet,stenciled on one side. Matting Rugs,pi.. OD.On sale now.12jly-tf. J. T. HINTON.Immense Line ol Wall Paper.Call at mv store ana pick from thelarge new stock of wall paper justwhat you need and have it put on yourwalls. Experienced decorators areready to do your work.:J. T. HINTON.Will Pay Pensions in Movember.Payment of Confederate pensionswill be made in November certaintv,is the statement authorized by thePenson Board made Friday,, which atthe same time declared that the Question of the State's possible inability tomeet the obligation had not been considered, and simply the overwhelmingpressure of business has pi evented action. The biard will meet this weekand pass upon applications approvedby Capt. W. J. Stone, Pension "Examiner. Payments may te earlier in cashor by warrants. Up to date 2,620 applicants have been filed and considerably more than half have been fpassedfavorably upon b.v Examiner Stone.Z Reckoning that Jtwo-thirds of themare valid claims at $120 annually, itwould call for a quarterly disbursement from the treasury of more than$50,000.Mr. W. S. Gunsalus. a farmer livingnear Fleming, Pa., says he has usedChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy in his fpmily for fifteen years' and that he has found it tobe an excellent remedy, and takespleasure in recommending it. For saleby all dealers.Don't fail to attend J. T.Hinton's Big furniture Salenow going on and closingAugust 24th. Prices cut allto pieces.Shocking Soundsin the earth are Bometiuie3 heard before a terrible earthquake, that warnof the coming peril. Nature's warningsare kind. That dull pain or ache inthe back warns you the Kidneys n.eedattention. If you would escape thesedangerous maladies, Dropsy, Diabetesor Brigbt's disease take Electric Litters at once and see backache fly ardall your best feelings return. "Myson received great benefit from theiruse for kidnev and bladder trouble,"writes Peter Bondy, South Rockwood,Mich., "It is certainlv a great kidney medicine. ". Try it. 50 cants atOberdrfer's.The mammoth plant of the BuickMotor Co., of Flinr, Mich., when always makes a visitor, when the getshis first view, gasp over its extraordinary size arid scope, is awakening to renewed activitv and industry. Within aweek or two the factory will be runningat high speed and full capactiyfor the production of 30,000 of theBuickfmodels of 1913, everything having beenUcleared away and made readyfor the start ofjjthe new season of productivity. The preliminary operationshave been extensive and have covereda'considerable period of time, but nowthe initial stages having been passedsuccessfully and all the details arranged, the'busiress of turning outtne rawcars is well under way.The entire output of last season wassold early in June. This success, themanagement believes, is a pretty goodindication of the Buick quality and ofwhat can be epxected in the 1913 cars.In fact the definite promise is madethat every model of the new line is sobuilt that it will not only protect butenhance the reputation so empaticallywon and firmly establised. Brieflylisted, the 1913 line consists of the following : Model 24, two-pa9senger roadster, 28-horsepower, fully equipped,$950 ; model 25, five-passenger touringoar, 28-horsepower, fully equipped, $1050 ; model 30, new type roadser, 32horseoower. fully equipped, $1,125;model 31, five-passenger touring car,32 horsepower, fully equipped, $1,285;model 40, five-passenger toucing car,40-horsepower, $1,650. These prices inelude every practical improvement thathas demonstrated its value, either inthe operation of the car or the convenience and pleaure of its owner.Those who have had the pleasure ofviewing these cars have been struck atthe firstlglance by the advance madelinthe external appearance of the cars.Before an examination is made ofthe mechanical features the eye is arrested by the" beauties of the lineswhich give all the 1913 models a distinction that is described by the enthusiasts as rakish and snappy. It isasserted as ah incontestible fact thatthe new Buicks are cars that the ownerwill be proud of because they revealclass in their design.One of tKe features observed on allthe new Buicks',is the character of theupholstering. It is of the highestgrade, rich and deep, and in model 40it has been extended up and over theedge of the body and the door, theleather reaching a short distance downthe outride, thus adding not, only tothe comfort wbut to the appearance .ofthe carIn designing the Model 30, new typeof roadster, the aim has been to construct a real roadster and not merely aremodeled and curtailed touring car.The body worked out for this car is ofthe distinctiely roadster type and Jtis roomy and comfortable.The snappy lines are made completeand effective by the dip and curve ofthe mud guards. The man who buysthis roadster gets a car that is fullyequipped, with tops, lamps and jailthe usual accessories, and a mechanical sself-starter. There is an electric battery for the side and taillamps. The tires are 3x3 1-2 inches.The motor is 4x4, and the wheel base103 inches.The model 24 roadster which sellsin this city and , tor $950, has a 105-inch wheel base,both are extremely tires 323x 1-2 anda motor 3 34x33 -4.Model 25 is the Bucki's smaller sizetouring car seating five people, andsells for $1,050. The wheel base is 105inches, the motor 3 3-4x3 3-4 and thetires 32x31-2.Modle 31 is a five-passenger touringcar selling iat $1,285. The wheel baseis 108 inches, the motor 44x and thetires 34x4. Its full equipment inclueds electric tail and side lights.Model 40, the highest grade rive-passengertonringc ar, selling for SI, 650,has a wheel base of 115 inches, a motor41 -4x4 1-2 and tires 36x4. It generates 40 horse power, is fully equippedand has an electric generator for allthe lamps, head, hash and tail, and aself-starter.The new style of Buicks are trimmedwith black and nickel, some of themodels being shown with gray bodiesand others in black. All Buicks for1913 include self-starters. It wouldbe impossible to ignore the advantages the Buick product ha3, due to thefact that the huge plant producesthese motors, manufactures all the essential parts of the car from theground up. The drop forge plant, afearsome place to the .visitor, is oneof the largest in thp world. Nothingin the Buick car is left to guesswork.Evervthing is made according to exactspecifications guaged to a tftousandthpart ot an inch. The pant is therefore a compete and exact producerand not an assembling institution, sothat a Buick is a Buick straightthrough. This gives the car an advantage that is revealed in thesmoothness of its operation and its durability that few can boast of.. :s-.j$&s&UhIfiiSraP r4SL.-.SF'Fj't " fYTh v P 't sj ..rrjuJ(jcvty.-. 'far'fo4UuffUcX?-fr, S?Z . th JJ2835fip OrA. QK&L&-Sfc-ro.rBCACKWEU'S.r!j'.SpWiriAM TC&ACCO CCfP.'iZy rr" -zRriCJ.. ... ... fuu"tri-"ii i iTwo Blue Grass Leaguers weremade happyjat White Park yesterdavafternoon when they hud presentedto them a check each for $50 .fromBlackwell'a Durham Tobacco Co. Theceremonies attending tha presentationof thejehecks, a faacimilejof which isshown abve, were very brief and thepresentation was made by the officialscorer, Mr. J. Monroe Sweeney.The twopiayersrreceiving;the handsome sums were Wilhatm H. White,of the Frankfort club and Fred Mollenkamp, of the Paris aggregation.The checks were the reward for hitting the Bull Durham sign in centerfield on the Paris grounds.Mollenkamp was the fust to plant asphere against the immense sign,as forthe three years it has occupied a position on the home grounds, no player,either local or foreign, accomplishedthe feat.'until Mollenkamp sent one inthat territory and struck the sign.A few days later,White performed thesame feat and the tobacco companyarranged to have the checks here to bepresented to both players at the sametime.Lawmakers Trounce BourbonitesThe league leaders found it convenient to trounce the Bourbonites on thelocal lot yesterday afternoon, winningby a score of 9 to 4. The Lawmakersfound the slants of Applegate to theirliking, secured fifteen safe drives offhis delivery.The contest was snappy and full ofa number of fast plays, but the localswere lacking with the stick and afterthe first inning were unable to connectconsecutively with Langfitt's curvesand the Frankfort hurler accomplishedhis tenth consecutive victory.In the first inning Frankfort putthree runs across the rubber aDd intheirjialf the locals evened up matterswhen with two mn on base Goodmandrove the ball over the Fatima sign inright field, clearing the bases. TheParis aggregation put uo a slendidfielding game, in which Harrel andLock starred, the fomrer accepting several difficult chances while the latterpulled down several hard drives and histhrowing was of the accurate order.Nicholson and Giddo starred withthe stick, the former getting three safedrives out of five trips to the plate.andthe latter seuring four hits out of fivetimes up.The Lawmakers will be the attraction at White Park this afternoon. Thenext game on the local lot win be withLexintgon on Friday.MAYSVILLE SERIES.Paris took two out of the threegames with the Rivermen in the lastseries, pulling the second placers backa few notches and strengthening theirposition to be in easy hailing distanceof the first division, being relieved ofthe third place through the officialstanding sent out by President NeaLbut even then a few games behindthe Colts who occupy that place in thestanding.The game Friday afternoon was aneasy victory, Paris winning by a scoreof, 10 to 8, in a loosely played gameso far as the Rivermen were concerned. The locals drove Vance from themound in the sixth inning and Sanford, but little better, Hauser relievedApplegate in the sixth inning and heheld them safely for the remainder ofthe game.Saturday was the day for the Rivermen, and in a close game they evened matter by winning by a score of 5to 4. Deotel, a new recruit essayedto hurl for the Bourbonits but in thefifth with the bases crowded he wasyanked from the mound and Applegate took his place. He held themsafely but Paris could do nothtingwith Gorver who started out wildlybut finishing strong.The final game of the series Sundayafternoon whs won by Paris 3 to 1.The locals played an errorless gameand found Beer for sufficient hits towin the game. Hauser held the Rivermen to seven scattered hits and onerun. Pitcher Beer was hit on the arm, by a pitched ball and forced to retirefrom the game.CURIOUS BITSOF HISTORYTHE FIRST GERMAN RAILROAD. By A. W. MACY. "The oldest railroad In Germany is one of the shortest railway lines in- the world. TheLudwig railway, connecting thecities of Furth and Nuremberg,is just three and three-quartermiles long, and has never beenextended. It was conceived byJohannes Scharrer, a wealthyhop merchant. The first tripwas made November 21, 1835,the train consisting of five cars,carrying 90 passengers. Time,about 12 minutes, only half thepover of the locomotive beingused. Two. weeks later trainsbegan running regularly, andthe road has been ip successfuloperation ever since. The company ovns eight locomotives, 35passenger cars and six baggageand freight cars. There areabout 90 employes.(Copyright, 1911, by Joseph B. Bowles.)Bicycle Supplies.Why You Take No ChancesThe Studebaker name for sixty yearshas been a guarantee of quality. It elimi-j j1 I .nates ine sngntest element otyoucnancemEvery12 Oj- -.-y--c :.cfrfjmaae m our own plants.ansr.' :rp v irrrw 1-!-.- -w- , ""VH .1"Ve rnatericar isre analyze and-TWxiicndsrointo our cars. Our guarantee is ffood.C-h-Full linemakes oforder.9-tf .of bicycle supDlies for allwheels. Let us fill yourJ. ELVOVE.Farm Boys to Attend State Fair.Mr. James L. Dent, Secretarv of theKentucky State Fair, writes that theboys from about fifty counties havemade application and submitted essaysin competition for the Farmer Boys'Encampment at the Kentucky StateFair during the week of September 914 at Louisville No Dapers ,have asyet been passed upon so competition isstill open to all boys between the agesof 15 and 18 years, who will apply tohim for blanks or to the County SchcolSuperiutendent This should be doneat once aa papers shold be in the handsof the committee as soon as possible.The boy winning gets a free trip fromthe time he leaves his station until hereturns. including transportation,board, entrance to the Fair, besides theinstruction that is given by membersof the faculty of the Agricultural Department of the State University.1-7 r' s - lo.uuu ciiuaeDaKer cars are on tneroad and every owner will tell you thata Studebalrer car always makes good.We know that the Studebaker(Flanders) "20" at $800 is equal in material and workmanship to any car builtand the price is within your reach.Ready for immediate delivery. - Z-.Th3 $800 Studebaker (Flanders) "20"Price, Standard Equipped, $300 f. - b. Detroit.Equipped as above, with To-, Windshield, Prest-O-Lite Tankv and Speedometer, $835.Ask our dealer for the new Studebaker art catalogue or send to u for it i4&The Studebaker Corporationkk rr'-$:i3vxDetroit, Michigantzm. viv :aNn97 . uriTi. titteXM-SPZ...'V..- -" ."i.v-vv.-s"-v-jrs-- S'THE BOURBON NEWS; JPARIS, KENTUCKY,, AUGUST 16 1912.- V,vir.f.rwliffi BOURBOH NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THE CCSOF Evrnv"rW!jr:PERSONAL MENTION.Mr. HarryNew York.Simon left Sunday forMrs.JC. L. Steenbergen is vistiingrelatives .in Point Pleasant, W. Va.Dr. H. E.from a visit toville.Foster hasrelatives inreturnedOwings-Mr. andMrs. W. E. Ellis have returned irom a visit to crelatives inCynthiana.NOTICE.cm., tnvoc fnr tho vp.arV-llV ' . . . Ml5 "RllnVloH-l Vonlroo l-ioo vofnim1912 arc nOVV in my hands j ed from a visit to Miss Lucy Clay, infor collection at my office at : Mt- sterling.the Deposit Bank.C K. THOMAS,26-tf Cily Collector.School Opening.Talis Aaderr.y. E. M. Costello'sScnool.will open Mtnday, September 2,Tdr classification and organization,dumber of pjpils limited.P 20-2tTeachers' Examination.Miss Robbins and Prof. E. M. Costello conducted the examination ofthe following teacners Friday at thecourthouse: Misses Maggie Cramerand Minerva Neal for certificates to enter the State Normal School at Richmond : Miss Nannie Clarke for countycertificate, and Misses Susie and Lillian Mason for State certificate.Hot Weather Lunches.Try our lunch-counter for hot weather specials. Everything to tempt ahungrv man. Try one of our ham andegg sandwiches. Thev are simply fine.202t JAMES E. CRAVEN.Leader Severed.While cutting meat with a largebutcher knie at his store on SouthMain street Friday afternoon Mr. A.T. Chipley suffered asevere injurywhen the knife slipped cutting theleader of the little finger of the lefthand. It was necessary for him to betaken to a Lexington hospital wherethe injury was treated.School Trustees Organize.The trustees of the Educational Division Nos. 1 and.5 met in Miss Robbins' office.Saturdav morning for organization." Mr. D" C. Lyle was chosen chairman in the former division andMr. Allen Rowland, secretary. In thelatter division Mr. J. W. Tanner wasmade chairman and Mr. James Litersecretaiy. This completes the organization in the various divisions.For Today Only.Mr. R. H. Swaffield, expert cutterfor the Globe Tailoring Co., of Cincinnati, is at our store to day with afull and select line of Diece goods forFall and Winter suits. Call in andhave you r measure taken.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.Freight Derailed.A through freight train which arrived here Friday evening at 7:30o'clock, was derailed while crossing aswitch from the old track to the newone, and three cars, heavily loadedwith merchandise, were overturned inthe Duncan avenue cut. The wrecking train had to be called to clef r thetrackMiss Frankie Clark returned yesterday after a weeks' stay at Olympian Springs.-Mr. N. C. Fisher, of St.Louis,Mo., is the guest of friends and relatives in this city.Mr. and Mrs. B. E. Beul, of Richmond, were the guests last week ofMr. and Mrs. Homer Kiser.Prof. M. A. Cnmack will returntoday to San Antonio. Texas where hewill teach the coming season.- Mr. and Mrs. W. P. Borbeck, ofFort Lounderdiale. Fla, are the guestBof Mr. and Mrs. Lee T. Beall.Mrs. Brutus Whpat is sufferingfrom a severe attack of inflammatory rheumatism, at her home in thecountry.Mrs. E. S. Jouett and Eon, Flournoy Jouett, have returned to Winchester, after a visit to Mrs. WithersDavis.Elder and Mrs. F. J. Floyd, ofSt. John's, Canada, are visiting Mrs.Floyd's brother, Mr. C. J. Lancaster,in this city.Mr. and Mrs. David Penn, ot SideDort, Ind., are euests at the FordhamHotel and will be visitors in Paris foseveral days.Mrs. Curtis Smith, and son, Mr.William Smith, of Dallas, Texas, arevisiting Mrs. Smith's parents, Mr. andMrs. W. y. Renick.Miss Belle Horton, who accompanied Miss Ruth Morgan to Louisville,on her way home in Nashville, Tenn.,has returned home.Mr. Richard K. McCarney is visiting relatives in Glencoe, Ky. He isaccompanied by little Miss KatherniePhillips Wallingford.Mrs, Anna Thornton and daughter,Miss Anna Thornton, returned yesterday afterja few days'visit.to Mrs. DanDrennan.in Mason county."Mrs. William G. McClintock andchildren, Miss Valette McClintock,and Master James McClintock, returned Friday from Lake Chautauqua,N. Y.Rev. W. E. Ellis, of this city, isassisting the pastor, Rev. J. R.'Jones,in a two-weeks' meeting which beganSunday at Indian Creek Christianchurch.Fined lor Breach of Peace.Sam Oliver, of Rurfdels Mills, wasfined 520 and costs in Squire Fretwell'scourt Saturday for a breach of thepeace. The princiDal witness againstOliver was Chas. Weaver, of the sameplace, who was the victim of the assault, in which Oliver was alleged tohave struck Weaver several timeswithout provocation. A number ofwitnesses were summoned in the case,which consumed almost all the day. Itwas brought out in the testimony thatafter assaulting Weaver, Oliver drewa revolver upon him and after thecourt imposed the fine in the first casea warrant charging him with carryingconcealed weapons was served on Oliver and his trial was. set for August 28.Go to B uck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shavego to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclasp barbers. 13 tfBIRTHS.Bo"rn, on Saturday, at Jacksonville,Fla., to the wife of Mr. John T. Bron-json, ne Miss Nancy Weston, of Paris,a son John I. Bronson, Jr.IW. Ed. Tucker!Limb Strikes Interurban Car.During theheavy wind storm whichswept over the vicinity 'yesterdayafternoon, a limb was blown acrossthe interurban track at Station 3 nearthis city, the car-due to arrive here at2 o'clock striking it and demolishingthe g ass of one window and ii juringMr. Stanleey Lowry , manager of theAlamo Theatre, in this city, whowasenroute to Paris from Lexington.Mr. Lowry suffered several severe cutsfrom the glass, but wai not seiiouslyinjured.'gTT51LOST.A ladies' short gravcoat with velvetcollar, was ost on Monday night between Lisleville and the Ncrlh Middletown Dike, Finder will please leaveat News Office. 20-3t.THE FAIR!Great Values FridayMason Pint Fruit Jars 39c doz.Mason Qt. Fruit Jars,45c doz.Heavy Clothes Line, verystrong, per yd, lc. 'Garment Hangers, worth oceach, 2 for 5c.No. 1 Lamp Wick, 5 yds. for5 cents.Meat-Dishes, 12 inches long,for 5c.8x10 in. Oak Framed Mirrors,each 10c.4 qt. Blue and White linedEnameled Pans, each 10c.Violet Glycerine Soap, value25c box, for box 19c.Knives and Forks, value 48ca set, today 29c set. lBread Knives, value 10c each,today 5c each.4qt. Preserving Kettles 10ceach.Sleeve Ironing Boards, 8c each.THE FAIR.Trains Discontinued.After Sunday, August 18, F. and C.Sundav trains No. 161 and 162 will bediscontinued. No Suudav service onF. and C. after Aueust 18.W. H. HARRIS.WhileSummer'sHereKODAKIAll Summer Goods NowOn Sale at Greatly Reduced Prices. "...W. Ed TuckerHunters' License Issued.County Clerk Pearce Paton has issued to date 125 hunters' license, andmanv gunmen pre in the fields dailyhuntinc dore, nut the birds are foundto be very scarce. Many spotsmen inthis section advocate the prrotectiunof these birds for the next five yearsin order to increase the number, otherwise it is the belief that they will soonbecome extinct.School Opening.Mrs. Walker's private schoolopen on Monday, SeptemberNumber of mrpilf limited.20-6twill9th.Epworth League.The members of th Epworth Leaguevhave elected officers for the ensuingvear as follows: President, DennisV. Snapp , First Vice-President, MissLena Cooper; Second Tice-President,Miss Minnie Shy; Third Vice-President,Miss Martha Mattox; FourthVice-President, Mrs. S. T. Chipley;Secretary, Elbridge L. Snapp; Treasurer, Luther Melnlyre; Epworth EraAgent, Mrs, W. O. Fuller; JuniorSuperintendent, Miss Etta Beheler.Expert Cutter.Mr. R. H. Swaffield, representing thefamous Globe Tailoring Co., of Cincinrati. is at our store for today only,takmc mesures for fall suits. He haswith him a complete lineZofJTall woolens of the latent patterns to selectfrom. Call in today, have your measure taken and Dick out your Fall suit.:MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.Private School Opening.Mrs. Sutherland's Private Schoolwiil open . Monday, September 9th.Clarification of new nupilson September 3rd ar.d 4th. Number limited.2 0-6 1Postal Amends Corporation.The Postal Telegraph and Cable Company filed amended articles of incorporation with the Secretary of the StateSaturday mornirr. extending itspower to irclude telephone service.The matter was referred to the Attorney General, who advised that thearticles should not be approved without payment of the full corporationtax oi one-tenth of 1 per cent, of thecapilizatior. of the new business. Thecompany incorporated has a situs inFranklin county and a capital stocko t 75, 000.Sweet Clover Seed.For Fall sowirg.new crop now ready.Best legume fertilizer, cood pastureMisses Cozinna Thomas, and CallaArrasmith, who have been visiting relatives in thas.city for several weekswill return today totheir homes in Mt.Sterling.Mrs. J. T. Martin returned Fridayfrom a six weeks' visit to friends andrelatives at Morristuwn and Memphis,Tenn, Ashville, N. C, Middlesboro,Pineville and Richmond, Ky.Miss Mary Hackett, w'io has beenthe guest'of Mrs. Jarnes Porter, on jSouth Main street, was called to her jhome in Wicnhester on account of theserious Jllness oihermcther.Mr. and Mrs. Reynolds Lettonhave as tneir guests at their homenear this citv Mrs. Letton's lather, iMr. S. B. Maikham, of Adairsville,and Mr. and Mrs. Jess Litton, of Win-ChesterMr. J.' E. Guartney, ofl Eminence,Ky., has moved, with his famlily, othis city, and is representing the Special Commercial Policy of the National Life and Accident Co., of Nashville, Tenn.-Miss Jessie Mae Ockerman, whohas been the guest of Misses Mabeland Lula Lyons, in Lexington, hasgone to Richmond where she joins ahouse party that is being entertainedby Mrs. June Baxter.Mrs.!;M. J Doyle left this morningfor a visit to her old home in Manchester, New Hampshire. She will be accompanied by ner son, Mr. CorneliusDude Doyle, who will make a tour ofthe principal Eastern cities.Mr. and Mrs. Swift Champ andMrs. James H. Thompson, returnedyesterday alter a two week's stay atFrench Lick Springs, Ind., Mr. JamesThompson, Jr., stopped in Louisville iwhere hewill go under treatment of a 'specialist for severaMveeks. !Mis. Jame3 M. Ricn and Mrs. Watson Judy entertained witn a thimbleparty Friday afternoon for Mr. Houston Rion. About twenty-five guestswere present and the hcurs were pleas-'antly passed with conversation andneedle-work. Ices and cakes wereserved.Miss Helen Hutchcralt entertained Saturday morning at her homejon West becond street witn an auctionbridge lor Miss Hilda Therlkeld. ofMaysville. The prize, a variety mirror, framed in silver, was awarded toMiss Jefferson, of Louisville. An elegant three-course luncheon was served,consisting of watermelon, old ham.hot joils. cheese loaf croquette2,creamed notatoes, baked apples withnuts and tutti nuiti :ieam.Tne guests for the occasion were:Misses Hilda Tfcrelkeld, Maysille:Margurite Smith, Lexington, and herguest, MiBS Jefferson, of Louisville:Misses Elizabeth Whiterridge andHelen Greenholt, Baltimore; BelleHorton, Caroline Collins, AHenePower, Mary Geisreiter. Denver; Nannie Brent O'Neal. Helen Daugherty,Mary Woodford, Nancy Gritffih, Elizabeth JasDer, Rachael Wiggins, Elizabeth Steele, Mary Batterton. Helenand Mary Fithian Hutchcraft, Mesdames Withers Davis, Virgil Gaitskill.Woodford Daniel, Carl Wilmoth, WhiteVarden and Thomas Allen.LOST.At Christian church or on the streetsof Paris, Sunday, a topaz stick pin.Suitable reward for return to thisoffice. 20-3tKODAKS $5 up.BROWNIECAMERAS,(Almost Kodaks)$1.00 to $12.00.i v,AanfcKSPECIALS16 lbs. GranuIatedSugar $ 1 .OO8 boxes Searchlight Matches, (3 boxes 10c) 25c8 bars Lenox"! Soap 25cRoyal Baking Powder, 25c size, this week only . 20cStone's Silver Slice and Country Club Cakes.. 1 0-1 5c25 lb. sack Eldean Flour SOc12 lb.' sack Eldean Flour 45cParowax, for sealing 1 5cMason qt. Jars 55cMason pt. Jars 45cLOST.IlQiinfiDflii Prno IUUUyiJUliy UIUU ;S,iaaaiFee's Grocery Co.' On Maysville nike, between Redmon pike and Paris, a package containing embroidered collar done inblack and cuff. Finder return to thisoffice for reward. 20-2tFOR SALir:f-4Dix Cutting Box No. 2, in good condition. Will sell cheap.16-2t D. W. PEED.FOR SALE.Folding hed. carpet, window shades,couch, cot, hammock, kitchen safe andrange. B. F. ADCOCK,13-3t Home phone 402."Roxie" Davis !Ok insurance AgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::FAILTTo Attend The Last Week Of Thisurnitore and R?iEverything In The House Cut To Pieces.gSaleBiggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137iSllK3j59il8II c r nI H N - e1 H -'v4r H II n W i fiH V',', J I 1See Big Middle Window for BigCut on Odd Chairs in Leatherand Wood Seats, They areMarked for Les Than You WillEver Buy Them Again.rLadles' 33eskSimilar to cut $5B65Other cut in like manner.A TRUSTDEPARTMENT?If you have not beento Ihis Sale. COiViLSeleCiosesSaturday.1 s b a s j j TyBRASS BEDExactly like cut, Reducedfrom S29.75 to. . . .$22.75Will not tarnish. Others cut just as deepRealizing the advantages ofhaving a corporation to act asAdministrator of Estates, alsoin management of property asGuardian or Trustee,The Bourbon Bank andTrust Co.with a Capital Stock of $100,000and Earned Surplus of $50,000,organized in 187, having had inthat time the experience necessary in conducting a Trust Company, Therefore,Bourbon Bank 4 Trust Co.,Paris, Ky.has a Trust Department andSolicits Your Eusiness.iLibrary Stand and DeskTables are Greatly Reduc.ed. For Example. One ct tFrom $15 to .,$1 1 .90CREX RUGS,in every size, Cheaper thanyou ever saw them.A few 9x12 MattingRugs at $3.45A few 9x11-8 MattingRugs at ... . $2.45You Can MakeBig MoneyBy Buying your Rugs, Furniture, Mattings and WallPaper atThis Big Sale,WcSavc You Money0 T. HiiOLtonaLJAt Cost.childrens.ind hsy. Price and circular how toI . Irise it. free, on rcquept ;La'diei'coit& ,12jly-tf.andOxfor 8 atJOHN A. J3HELTUN,-' Falmouth, TCy.FELD'S-SHOE STORE.sJ'T." - f- r:V "";. CTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 20, 1912HERE'STHEHOGBOURBON REMEDY CO.,Lexington, Ky.Enclosed find photo of hog: that "was cured ofcholera vtith your Bourbon Hog Cholera Remedy. This hog: was almost dead before usingthe medicine, and then was entirely cured, except loss of ears, tail, etc. The hog Is owned byMr. Skiles Ewinff, of Bowling Green, Ky. Hewill be clad to give you a testimonial, and wocan get several more if you want them.JENKINS-SUBLETT DRUG CO.,Bowling Green, Ky.Ask Your Druggist for ItEg for Sale dy VV. T. Brooks.IRL PLAYS DEAD,FRIENDS IN TEARSWhen Wreaths of Flowers Arrivethe Supposed Corpse LaughsOver the "Joke."THROWN FROM HORSE! Although Uninjured She Goes Homeand Telephones the "News" ofHer "Death" to Chum, Who inTurn Notified Others.Almost Lost His Life.S. A. Stid, of Mason, Mich., willnever forget his terrible exposure to amerciless storm. "It gave me a dreadful cold," he vrites."that caused severe nains in my chest, so that it washard for me to breathe. A neighborgave me several dose of Dr. King'sNew Discovery which brought greatrelief. The doctor said I was on theverge of pneumonia, but to continuewith the Discoverv. I did so and twobottles completely cured me." Useonly this quick, safe, reliable medicinefor coughs, colds or any throat or lungtrouble. Price 50c and SI. 00. Trialbottle free. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.Improving Tobacco.If you are a pipe smoker, try this:Place the core of an apple in your tobacco jar on top of yo:r tobacco andyou will be surprised at the improvedflavor it imparts to the tobacco, besides keeping it moist.EXCURSIONParis, Ky., toCincinnati, O.,And Return.SDNDAY, AUGUST 25, 1912,Fare $1.50 And Return.Excursion Train leaves 7thStreet Station Returning to Parisat 7 p. m.Tickets good londay ofsal. e yFor further information, call on orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.Spokane, Wash. After dissemblingdeath from nine o'clock one night tillthe following afternoon, during whichtime dozens of grieving friends viewedher apparently liteless form andbrought great wreaths of flowers toaccompany her to the grave, JessieSiders of the Howard hotel nearlygave those friends a severe case otheart failure when she suddenlyopened her eyes, brushed aside thebanks of flowers and languidly remarked that she did not believe shewanted to stay dead any longer.The idea to play such a hoax on herfriends occurred to her the other evening when, as she was riding herhorse along Second avenue, near Division street, it became frightened at anautomobile and jumped down an embankment. She alighted on the horse'sneck and fell to the ground, andpassersby rushed to her, thinkingher neck was broken. She was uninjured, however, and in a moment offacetiousness decided to give herroom-mate, Nellie Trainer, a scare.Miss Siders then went to a telephone and, in a disguised voice, shouted this information over the wire toher friend:"Jessie was thrown from her horseand broke her neck.""What's that?" screamed the roommate. "Jessie was thrown from her horse,broke her neck in rolling down theriver bank and has gone over thefalls," she said, adding more sobs andhorrible details.Miss Trainer immediately becamehysterical and called their friends. As1LS0N STANDSON HISRECORDiosephus Daniels Invites GlossStudy of Writings.SLIDER WON'T WIN NOW.DR DOLLE'SMESSAGE TOYOU CAN BE CURED BY2HSvVA jSwi tm TSU- .DB. C. L. DOLLE. -"Why Take Treatment That Is Doing TonWo Good, When a Few Days under the careJDr. Dolle Will Show You How Easy ItIs to Care Thet-e Diseases When the ProperTreatment Is Administered.Have you treated for nonths and years, andbeen disappointed until you think that you can-h not be cured ? i ou, no doubt, all this tune haveU been treated by inexperienced doctors vrho hadneither sufficient knowledge nor experience toknow how to pure you.These aro the 'diseases of which I havecuTcd so many, justly driving me the reputation for cures of which I am so proud.Blood Diseases, Skin DiseasesI w..I give you treatment that will in a fewdays care all rash, spots aud every sign andsymptom. My treatment gets the poison out ofthe sytem instead of driving it in like ordinarytreatments. I cure blood diseases and skin disease to they cannot come buck."Varicocele, causirg aching or pain ingroin cr back, Nervousness, "Weakness,Loss cf Vitality, Lack of AmbitionTly one-treatment cure is what vou shouldhave and what you will have to have" to be curedrt"-1. Only one v:sit is required. I do no cuttiii and you suffer no pain nor trouble. Allsigns diEappear in a few daysKervoun Troubles, Lost VitalityHy combined treatment for these troubles socommonimong those who have become weak andwornout, who have caund it bv follv, dissipationand excesses, is reniarkub.y pood. 2s6 one believeshow quickly it benefits until thev have taken it.It overcomes wikness, : crvousnecs. pain inhack, lace of ererry ambition and strength it'sjut the treatment I have found 0 effective intreating such diseases.Kidney and. Bladder Troublesnre scientifically cured by me. My methods immediately benefit you, and the majority of caEes1 cure come from physicians and specialists whofailed.Pile Picfrltlsif I can cure you soJTHC2, niLUae quiCkly and easilythat you will be surprised. I will give you justthe result and cure you are looking for withouta surgical operation.Acute Diseases JAyiSlremedies seldom cure. My treatment stops everysymptom and cures in a few days. It is scientificthat's the only sure way to be cured so it willsot come back.Yea caa take my Treatment without aetmt.aad pay me after I cure you. I knowtfeat I can give you new life, new hope, and canrestore you back to health and happineES. 1know that every man will pay after I have elimiaated every trace of disease from his system.MicroBCopkxl and analytical urinalysis FREE.I have writeen a book that ought to be in thehand of every Buttering man in this country. I-will end you a copy, free, if you will write me atmm the disease for which you desire treatement,m 2re' ,8, to 4 : Sndayp, 9 to 1 p. m. Evenings,Tt8.on Monday ."Wednesday and Saturday nightC. L. DOLLE, M. D.Owe CohunUa Theater 596 Walnut St, betweenFifth and iixth Streets.Ofeoe easy to find, u all that 1b necessary fe toJ r the Columbia Theater, and any oae camIMl rawT j f i '' ' 4 l to 1 1T.-j-rriSoon Friends Began to Arrive.she finished telephoning, however, and"was bitterly weeping and waiting forthe body of her friend to be broughthome she glanced out of the windowand saw the supposedly dead girlserenely dismounting. They conceivedthe idea of continuing the joke.The girl was quickly dressed inwhite and placed on the bed, her facecovered by. a heavy veil, and soon thefriends began to arrive. Flowers wereplaced beside her, and after sadlyviewing the girl the mourners wereled from the room.The news spread, and all Mondaynight undertakers throughout thecity were kept busy answering thetelephone. The morgues were visitedby friends, and soon the undertakerswere inquiring of each other, "Whereis Miss Siders' body?"J. M. McKnight of the New England Undertaking company finallywent to the hotel to ask the roommate, and was led to the bedside. Hecame away chuckling.The girl finally became tired ofmaking a dash for the bed every timeshe heard some one else coming, andafter waiting until several morelooked at her, ended the joke. Thereare many, however, who are still sorrowing. M'lss Siders said that she did notmean to carry it so far, but only Intended to make her friend think shewas seeing a ghost by slipping in thehouse when she was not looking. Shelaid the blame for the rest of it onMiss Trainer.It Pays to Advertise.Philadelphia. A homeopathic hospital advertised for a few persons onwhom to try out a new cure for warts.Two thousand offered to undergotreatmentNever Touched the Dog.Yonkers, N. Y. Edward Taylor,sixty, kicked at a dog, slipped, fell tothe pavement and couldn't get up. Hislegs were paralyzed.Chairman of Democratic Publicity Bureau Points Out Errors of Campaignscf Previous Years and Finds a GoodMoral Roosevelt Also Wrois Booksand Made Bitter Attacks on VariousMen and Classes.Xt-w York. Josephus Dan'els, cliairnan of the publicity committee of theDemocratic national committed, .saidtoday: ,"Eijrht years ago during the preslk:u!.tl campaign of l'JO-1 1 came toN'v York, and, being a member of thefJemocratic national committee, I drop)c(l ::i at the headquarters of the eoraiii. tee. I found the literary bureau -ofIu- committee very actively engaged ineviislng the volumes of Theodoreo -ivelt. When I sav on every deskTI., .Winning of the West,' 'The Life1 '1 nomas H. Benton' arid, a half doz) others of the works qf the then Re.:' i&m, nominee for president 1 wonii whether or not I had got into thea.-l.t place. ' '''I was immediately set arijrht, how-'i v. when I was infornu'.l iho.i the': rv young men were engird 111n. : 1 from those books some of the- .' denunciations and bitter criti-.s :s and attacks made Ly Theodoreloosevelt upon public men and nieas-.ri's and his aspersions upon reat-rep-vontative bodies of our people, such:; workingmen and farmers."I found them preparing to sendorth broadcast all over the land suchxcorpts from the writing of Theodoreloosovelt as:" 'Cowboys are much better fellows::nl pleasanter companions than small'armors or agricultural laborers, norire the mechanics and workmen of a'rear city to be mentioned in the same.reaih.'" '.Mr. Bryan and his adhereuts haveI'pealed to the basest set in the landre farmers.'" 'They (workingmen who object toovernment by injunction) are not in.'nipathy with men of good minds and;r.nd civic morality.'Hits Quakers Too."They quoted from what he said-i:t the Quakers, that those whou d not fight were traitors to theirmntry."They said that when the farmers.d workmen and the Quakers came toj 'w what Theodore Roosevelt h: d:te:i about them they would rice:h wrath and indignation and bury- dore Roosevelt beneath an ava.. Li of votes. They said that Roose.! would not answer that exposure ot- views, and, of course, he never did.- irreed with them that it was theI.er thing to do to herald these uu-: iiives through the country."As to whether or not that sort of'.Mpaigning had any effect the result- 'V- campaign eight years ago speaks- itself.The Republican parly is attemptingdo today the same sort of thing..:t the Democrats tried in 190S. The-ix.crats out-Rodenberged Mr. Ro--uberg. They were eight years aheadhim in this sort of thing. It didn'tork with us then, and it will notrk with them now.Stands on His Record."The attempt to attack GovernorYilson because of certain statementsIiich he made in writing history and1 commenting upon events of historys they appeared to him as historian'ill fail signally. As one great metro-!itan newspaper pointed out. Mr. Ro-! lerg and his kind are simply 'Blow-. ag-ainst the wind.' Governor Wil-m is running for president on hisord as a public man, and with thatrd the public is fairly well conver"it. and it wdll continue to learn more- t he campaign progresses."lie is running for president on hisv rd as governor of New Jerseys: :t he said and did in that capacity'wer than what he wrote as a histouj. chronicling events and comment-:-upon them as they appeared ro anInitial observer whose duty it is tor.te of things as they are rather thanthey should be or as he would have'dm- Republican brethren are enti-1 to all the thunder they can maket of Governor Wilson's writings. 1:y they will read them carefullyid thoroughly. They will be able to.".11 a great deal of valuable informa-mi. and when the context is readoig- with the excerpts which haven:i taken from his works for ther-pose of placing him in a false lighthave no fear as to the results. All.v.t is needed is a thorough under-.tudiug."Ingersoll sought to disprove Bibleoths and to assail Holy Writ by the:me methods which the Republicanse seeking to assail Governor Wil-n."SECURES PHOTO OFTIGER IN JUNGLEAn Englishman Has an ExcitingMoment When He Cinemato- 'graphs Beast in india,.ANIMAL ATTACKS MANThe Big Cat, Eleven Feet in Length,Had Slain a Bullock and DraggedIt into the Jungle for aFeast.London. Photographing the tigerin his native jungle must be an exciting sport, judging from the accountsof Cherry Kearton, who has just returned to London after visiting Indiaand Borneo. Mr. Kearton gives thefollowing account of how he cinematographed a large tiger:"It took me twenty days before Icould find the tiger, though tiger spoorwas plentiful. The tiger I got hadseized a bullock by the nose and haddragged him on all fours into densejungle, forming a tunnel by doing so."I went on my hands and kneesalong part of this tunnel, and foundone of the legs of the bullock newlyeaten."So I returned and arranged a drivewith 400 men, cleared a space in thejungle fifteen yards wide where thetiger was to be driven, put up a thinleaf screen to hide me from the beastand waited on the ground not up atree for him."I had no firearms, but I had threespearmen lying on the ground besideme. Photographs taken from a treewould not give the true result."I waited there for half an hour. Iknew that the tiger was approachingby the beaters, who were up trees,tapping like woodpeckers. The otherswere on the ground, making hideoussounds with every noisy thing theypossessed."The tiger came down the tunneland out into the open, and I photo-The average business man has twak:ed to the fact that it is a g-oa in-'estinent to give some of his timo r"litical affairs. This is one of Demoric.vs best signs ot victory.Perhaps the Republicans, as repreMited by Taft, are satisfied with theayije-Aldrich tariff bill. ,But the ma-?u-ityof the voters are notFMf$iSl'3&& -"Vr-n iltlJ Oi 1 ,rr -&miwj&mmwjimsftJWz wammmiraw.ttR&;mwmTsDimxrL$fff -rvi r 1 a A;j. "( iMir' n ntSftJWz WA'UViX hurj-s. 'tetty-APn.r .W vw'c-He Waited on the Ground.graphed him. Directly he got half wayacross he gave vent to a number ofmost terrific coughs."When he had gone the game ranger, a native, who was on the groundbeside me got up and said: 'That tiger is-over eleven feet long, the biggest tiger I have ever seen.'"The natives wanted me to kill thetiger, since it was about to becomea man eater; stealing village cattleis always the sign that that is goingto happen. They could not understandwhy I only wanted to turn a handle atthe animal."Fifteen men, saying that theywould be the next victims, got behinda bush with spears, and when thetiger was driven up to them three ofthe men rushed out with theirweapons."The tiger leaped from the densejungle, the man on the right and theman on the left bolted, the man inthe middle turned to emulate them,but fell on his face."Upon him the tiger threw himselfwith his claws in his shoulder like aflash of lightning, and put his headdown to the back of the man's neck."I, six to eight feet up a tree, shouted, thinking he was going to bitethrough the man's spinal column. The.beast looked up at me, gave anotherof his great coughs, growled savagelyat me, and then jumped sideways anddisappeared into the jungle."Many Idle Men in Frisco.Sa,n Francisco, Cal. After an inspection of places where unemployed congregate, Gov. Hiram W.Johnson instructed the state laborcommissioner today to make a thorough investigation with a view to accounting for the number of unemployed skilled laborers in San Francisco.Governor Johnson said there aremany skilled mechanics out of employment here who came to San Francisco in the belief that work had commenced on the Panama-Pacific international exposition.The governor said he would authorize the hastening of work on publicenterprises as a means of relievingthe distress.fflfm?mnTWf!?iKJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Bone Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good Iartsi.Tt7&TRE J9B ReOfflS OFTHERB0Nn&NewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOG JPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.Cbe Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.&W4UWiUWiUUkS-fi3y . .''-?.',.. :&A,.'- A ,c '8-,VIKS'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST20, 19123S&ai", JrCurtis Henry a Co.,Groceries, Drygoods, Fresh and CuredMeats, Vegetabfies, Fruits, Etc. .iIf it comes from Henry's it's all right,because they handle the best and freshestthe markets afford. Their store is clean, freefrom flies, and evrything is handled in a sanitary way. When you deal with them youget polite attention and prompt delivery, noextra charge for either.Call either 'phone 442, and they will beglad to serve you.PRINCESS' RIVAL ISLAIN BY A SLAVETragedy in Distant TangierGrowing Out of the FierceJealousy of WomanParis. From Tangier comes astrange romance which relates howthe blood of the victim of a Moorishlove tragedy has crimsoned the desertsands at Abesher. The princess Sherfia, a niece of the Sultan Aoyl andwife of the Caid Gaoud, had her alleged rival, a native woman namedToma, slain in her presence by one ofher slaves.The young woman, a wife of a native sergeant of the Tirailleurs in theservice of the French, was lured tothe harem, where she was brutallyu-vllV Call either 'phone 442, and they will be w XJyL10 I glad to serve you. I sMT'I ' I - : I Am&B III CURTIS HENRY CO. I AJSQkL Cor. 14th and Main I BMwf: She Bade Her Slave Strike."rvcrinxr bros.Sweet Charity."Has it ever occurred to you thatthe more money a man has the moredifficult it is for him to be charitable?When one is poor and has only a fewcents it is an easy matter to dividethe money with some poor devil whohas none."Dissolution Notice.NOTICE.I have just secured a new barberfrom Chicago and am Drepared to givethe public first class service. Give mea call. Shop is equinped with electricfans to keep you cool. Three firstclass barbers. My bath tnb3 are alwavs.ready. aug2tf BUCK FREEMAN.KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."Hourly High Speed ThroughService.ParisLexington -Division.FrankfortDepartment StoreCor. 7th and MainmmROi"WOI' flQU'RUSTABi,SPECIALPrice This WeekExtra FineROYAL CORSETAll SezesAll Lengths 98gCall in andExamine Them.stabbed through the heart, her bodyI afterward being ignominiously throwoto the dogs in the desert.The Princess Sherfia, along with herfour slaves, was taken prisoner. Whencharged with having caused the murder of Toma, her rival in her princely husband's affections, she made acharacteristically picturesque reply."I am Sherfia, wife of Gaound, thehandsome. When he took me to wifeI was so light the wisest scribe couldnot read the traces of my feet uponthe sand. Toma, was my rival, so onthe night of the day that you consecrate to your God I sent messengersto her to say that Gaound wanted her.She suspected and came not."Three times did she refuse. Butat last she followed my messengers,who offered her as a gift a silkenrobe.- When she came before me 1bade my slave, Abdellah, strike, andhe struck. She shrieked and herblood formed a crimson, lake beforeher. I ordered my slaves to wash herwounds and throw her wretched corpsefar, far from the palace."PARIS,KENTUCKY.m- h m imrtwm --sr1 H c2H H5ntJlIH $& iBl y&2?$HlfHVfaThe LatestThing ; iri! StovesFor "a" midnight supper, as for any other meal at anyother time, the very latest thing m stovesthe bestiat stove-artists can go is a7VCa7 &-& rir$TX. H.... "1 1 VTf ak rAVNo AshesIt Concentrates HeatNo WasteIt is HandyNo DirtIt is ReadyNo DelaytnuMminBreiJHOil Cook-stoveIt concentrates the heat when you want itand where you want it. It is as quick as gas,steadier and handier than" coal, cheaperelectricity.iTKeNeiturquoise-blue chimneys.'-? . . . .iThe New Perfection Stove hai Jong, enameled,-:.. Ul.. Viimnv. It handsomely finishedin nickel, with cabinet top, drop shelves, towelracb, etc Mde with 1 , 2 or 3 burner.All dealers carry the New Perfection Store.. I " iiw aur i i7, vLD,l-ith everv slove. Coo Jc-dook alsoM ' gK-en to anyone-seoding 5 cents to cover mailing cost. J.STANDARD OIL COMPANY) ( Incorporated ia Kentucky)CeriacfeB. Ky.: Lomrffle. Kyq AtlaaU, Cu; BJrHungham. Ala and JaclatmTffle. Fk.MiThe pardnersnip neretotor existingbetween G. E. Butler and B. F. Laughlin in the sale ot Laughlin's Hog andPoultry medicines has been dissolved.Mr. Butler retirinc from the business!In the future the business will be conducted by3Mr. B. F. Laughlin at hisoffice on Bank Row, formerly occupiedby the late Judge Russell Mann.C. E. BUTLER.B. F. LAUGHLIN.Jlnnk LanqbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.ausrlGtfEast Tenn. Phoe 669DAYSETF;"&1T3J&JGL"S10,11,12,13.14, 1912.AT THE.Kentucky StateFairLIBERAL PREMIUMS OFFEREDDaily Races Free Attractions Clean MidwayAGED WOMAN TORN BY DOGSBeggar Killed by Furious Mastiffs onthe Estate of an ItalianPrince.Rome. A pitiful tragedy occurredrecently in the beautiful gardens thatencircle Prince Ruffo's villa on theFlaminian way, outside the gates ofRome. A beggar woman, on the vergeof starvation, ventured up the mainwalk to ask alms.Thrust away with harsh epithets bymerciless attendants, the "woman waswending her way back towards thCars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort eery hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m..and at 10 p. m.. the last car going onlyas far as(VersaillesCars leave Lexington for Versailles.Frankfort and Paris, every hour from6 a. m. until 7 p. m, and at 9 andll n.rn., the last car going only as far asVersailles.Cars leave Versailles Jfor Lexingtonand Paris every 15 minutes after thehour from 6:15 a. m. until 8:15 p. m.and at 11 :15 p. rn.. last car going onlyas far as Lexngton.Cars leave Versailles for Frankfortevery 45 minutes after the hour from6:45 a. m. until 7:45 p. m., and at 9:45p. m. vCars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington'and Paris every thirty minutes after the hour from 6 :30 a. m.until 7:30 p. m., and 10:30 p . m., thelast car going only as far as Lexington.GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTON-NICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexington and Nicholasville Jevery forty-fiveminutes after the honr from 5 :45 a. m.until 6:45 p. m.f and at 8:05 and 10:05p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville every thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 p. m.,and at 9 and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville tor Lexington every fifteen minutes'after the hourfrom 6:15 a. m. until 8:15 p.m. and at10 :15 p.fm.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetown every hour on the hour from 6a. m. until 7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p.m.No 6"a. m. cars on Sunday .17-tfLIBERATES BANDHFarmer Boys School Encampment REDUCED RAILROAD RATESFor Information, Entry Blanks, Catalogue, AddressJ. l. DENT, SECY.320 PAUL JONES BUILDING LOUISVILLE. KYiay&yfiK?cBourbon LaundryD.WIS & FUNK, Props.Office Opp. Postoffice. Wm4V(Usto(VssTelephone No. 4.imm$g'TMg 'We Take Pleasure.in foing np the finest shirtwaists or anvthinsr in thelaundry line. That is whaymade lhe Bourbon Lannartfamous f oi fine -work and itdever goes b"eck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen ialaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeBourbon Laundry.jk Paris, Kentucky.JS"'hSsA al cw rfiMXil I 1 f Id jr W SZ1SV K 'I I !77 ' J & ffs tyivci7inS'-i - ..y-.n-.gac "ii - s 1 1 IFL'ANDERS0C5Q&-PtVsfrir L-e--rET33ilAiitomobile sWzOo T&odeCsE-M-F1 IYouWvmShe Was Attacked by Two FuriousMastiffs.massive iron gates when, overcomewith hunger and fatigue, she fell in aswoon just inside the entrance.About midnight piercing shrieksand the barking of dogs brought therprince and a body of retainers outside with lanterns and revolvers inthe belief that burglars were breaking into the place. Soon, however,they came upon a scene of horror. Acouple of furious mastiffs, let looseearlier in the evening, had scentedout the woman, whom they; were tearing to pieces." Ui - 'S1i uie oeapcsi-" -im- i ,rJ2jz$5i-'londers "20" Roadster, $7S0Don't be air.rired if scmebody rolls 3rcu 3'ou csm buy an a-tomobilefor less money than tue $750 Studebaker-Flanders "20." You can, butyou better not. The Flanders 20" corresponds point by point with thebest and highest priced cars sold. Cheaper cars at every vital point arebuilt on ideas long ago discarded for good cars. Don't take our word forit. Make comparisons and see.Trie Studebaker-Flanders "20" is a marvel a high grade modem carat a low price. If you pay less ycu buy much less. And the cheaper cartoday will cost you far more in the long run. The competing car isn'tsold which the Studebalrer Corporation, the greatest automobile manufacturers in the world, couldn't reproduce for less money; but we won'tbuild a cheap car, because the name "Studebakei" means the best foryour money.If you are content with a car that runs today and dies tomorrow,don't buy the $750 Flanders "20." It will wear for years. Rememberthis the Studebaker-Flanders "20" will outwear 2 to 1 any other carunder $1100 and give you double satisfaction, confidence and comfortinto the bargain.We ccn prove it Send fcr new catalogue&8ttX.', Q"r p"3 "9 11 tr "s &"a r2i!;Lj'uL-w UJf--- .-t.s-npODewr&it, Mich.riDorafleiiBourbon Garage & Supply CompanySaggfe $!$6 $fe jkv..,I ,rC- "?tV.-f-r:-.--'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 20, 1912'Vl.!1XIGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EIBALSEB,BOTE 'PHONES DAT J 37; NIGHT 299.rM&"Zh Borne of Correct Tootwear'3STo EJna.To the Great Values to be Had atDAN COHEN'SGreat Clearance Sale !As fast as our stocks are depleted, greater and bettervalues are rushed to the front, including all our highgrade and latest style footwear.ToMorrow SaturdayNew goods on sale at the same low prices that haveso astonished and delighted all Bourbon County.Come to our store for your footwear. Buy now whilewe have your size.All Summer Goods Must Go toMake Room For Fall StocksAll Walk-Over Oxfords,Including All Latest Styles, at Cut Prices.This is not a Sale of a few shop-worn odds and ends.All goods are new and up-to-date.Mid Summer MarkDown Sale Pricein Ladies' ShoesLadies' two-strap Pumps and Oxfords inWhite Canvas, Patent andGun Metal, our 2grade Mark-downPriceent ana J$1 .24tLadies' High-grade White Duck and TanPumps and Shoes, fr JA O (fr AAOne lot Ladies' Oxfords and Pumps,mostly small sizes,$1.50 to 3.00 value,Mark-down Price75cOne lot Ladies' Oxfords and Pumps,all sizes, S1.50 to 3.00value, Mark-downPrices ana rumps,99cMark-down Sale InBoys' and Girls7OxfordsOur best quality Boys' Oxfords in Tan,Patent, Gun MetalS3 value, Markdown Priceooys' uxiorus in Jian,$2.29Children's White Canvas and Pique Button Shoes, 0ur5l.aU gradesizes 5 to 11, Mark-downPricetillU JL'MjUe J3UL-99cMisses' and Children's Patent and Gunggff?.jLM and 93cMisses' and Children's JMBarefoot Sandals, all sizes L WflMark-down Price T fOne lot Boys' White Can-vas and Gun metal Shoes, B BMark-down Price WOne lot Infants' and Children's Pumps, 75c to 1value, Mark-down Price . .Mark-do wnSale PriceAll Our Walk-Over Oxfords atCut Prices39cMeii'e 4 and S3.50Walk-Over OxfordsMark-down Price..S3.19One lot Men's odd sizesOxfords, 2.50 to $3.50values, Mark-down Price.99cMen's $3.00 and $3.50 Oxfords in Tan,Gun Metal andPatent, Markdown Price$2.39Men's 2 and 2.50quality Oxfords,Mark-down Price .$1.69DAN COHEIN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky.MILLERSBURG ITEMS. again called to order. President Allenj in the chair. The two committees. . ' made reports which were adoDted. Athe twenty-first annual meeting of ' sum of.Sl.000 was voted forithe use ofthe Hurst Home Fraternl Insurance j additional inspectors and it was or-Go., convened at the Hurst Home , dered that all property now insured bvoffice Wednesday morning. Ihe meet- the comDanv be insnep.tnd dnrin? thecoming year. The committee on bylaws recommended that a time ofmmamam &ming was one of more than ordinary in-'terest. inasmuch as the General Manager and Secretary, Mr. F. F. Hurst,had died during the year and his succ-'cessor was to be elected. The meetingwas called to order about ten o'clockwith President J G. Allen, of Millers-.ourg in tne cnair.The roll call oi the counties showed ,the following delegates in their places : iW. F. Heathman and A. P. Adair,Bourbon : W. W. Clark and W. C. Hall, Imeeting be changed from the secondweek in August to the first week asthe company's books closed August 1,besides the Lexington fair being thesecond week in August interferedwith the meeting.The election of the executive committee was then in order. Before thiscommittee was elected, it was movedand secodedthat the salaries Eof thisHow Much Have YonSaved In the LastTen Years PBath. J. F. Lanter and L. B. Cockreli, I committee qe raised from $50 to $100hClark: A. C. Downing and H. CDmtnfl Tr.jt-.nf fo n hi Mnf:anlo7 anrHW. W. Huffman, Harrison ; G. L. Collins and Wm. Marrs, Jessamine; J. T .Coons and Chas. Highland, Montgomery ; J. G. Blair and J. K. Long, Nicholas; J. H. Warrins and J. B. Prather,Scott. After this came the readingof the minutes of the previuos meetng,which were approved without any dissension. Mr. C. C. Chanslor was thenelected temnorary secretary.The report of the Executive Committee was then submitted and approved,which was followed by the reports ofthe President and Secretary and Auditing Committee. All of these reportswere full of interest to the company.The Auditing Committee found thebooks and records of the company ingood condition and the $10,000 reservefund secured with good mortages. Theamount of insurance in force is $4,448,650, Net gain during the year is $243.125. Net gain in company's iinancesdurins the year $6,070,73, which wasaccumalated from a premiun basis of80 cents on the $100 in force.The next business in order was theelection of Manager and Secretary tofill out the unexpired term of the lateF.F . Hurst. Mr. J. G. Blair, of thecounty of Nicholas, placed in nomination the name of Mr. O. E. Hurst, whosince the death of Mr. F. F . Hursthas been onerating the company's business. The address of Mr. Blair wasbrief. He said as he was one of thecompany andwaa made a director atthe time Mr."F. M. Hurst was madethe first General Manager. He called 'the attention to the efforts of Mr. F.M. Hurst in behalf of the companywhen in its infancy, and how he, cavehis life in its behalf. He closed hiseyes in death and assistedjn depositinghis remains in the last resting place.This was an awful blow to the comuany. We began to east our eyes about forhis successor and the Executive Commitee finally agreed on his brother, Mr.F. F. Hurst, feeling in selecting him,we were making no mistake, he Eaid,This proved true, and Mr. F.;F . Hurstwas thrice elected to the office. Thecompany jjgrew from a few hundredthousand to more than four million under is management. He assumed thecontrol of the company at a time whenit was necessary for the companv toborrow monev onpoor security and helived to see the company on a firm andsubstantial basis.Mr. O. E. Hurst, whom be placed innomination, is the son of the founderof the comDany and a nephew of thelate F. F. Hurst. After the death ofMr. F. F. Hurst, explained Mr. Blair,the company was confronted by another problem, and the ExecutiveCommittee appointed Mr. O.J.R. Hurstto aqt as Secretary and Manager untill this meeting. Mr. Hurst is ayoung man of ability also an attorneywhose advice along legal points is absolutely necessary and the companycould not dobetterkthan elect him tofill out the unexpired terim. His motiion was briefly seconded an as noother name was place in nomination,a call of.the counties was made andMr. O. E. Hurst was unanimoushper year. The motion carried withoutopposition. The present committeewas then placed in nomination and reelected without opposition. They are:J. G. Blair, of Nicholas county ; W. M.Burroughs and T. W. Current, of Bour-.bon. Tnere being no further businessthemeeting adjourned at3:15. It wasone of the most harmonious meetingsin thejiistory of the company. Thefollowing directors and agents werepresent: C. B. Nichols, Lexigton ; R.L. Gillespe, Carlisle; Isaac Shuse, SaltLick; C. W. Durham. Carlisle; W. M.Burroughs, Millersburg ;T. W. Current,Millersburg; C. H.Dalzell, North Middletown; O.H. Collier. Cad Ingram, J.lioodjsmith, J. M. Roberts, J. E.Smith, Fayette Vauhgn. T. H. Clarke.T. D. Yocum. C. D. Temnleman.James Laird, of Louisville, is theguest of-Mr. J. C. Hawes.Ed Wadell is visiting his sister, Mrs.E. E. Beeding, in Lexington.M. P. Collier left Friday for a tendays sojourn at Swango Springs.J. IG.' Lynch left Monday for a fewdays visit to relative at Shelbyville.Mr. and Mrs. 'J. B. Cray, Mr. andMrs. W. S. Judy are at SwangoSprings.Mrs. Joe Wil'iams and daughter.Miss Pearl, have returned home aftera visit in Paris.AtD. C,churchRev. Mutley, of Washington,will preach at the ChristianSunday morning.Mr. and Mrs. J. H. White, o'f NewYork are guests of her brothers, Chas.and E. H.JYlartim.Mr. and Mrs. Wells left Friday forthe Robinson County Christian Assembly at Mt. Olivet.Mrs. Nell and daughter have returned from a visit to relatives atSomerset and Frankfort.Judge T. P. Wadell and Mrs. E. H.Martin have returned from a tenda: s' trip on the Cumberland. .Mrs. Mollie Carpenter and daughter,Miss Maude, of Washington. Ind., areguests of Mrs. S. C. Carpenter.Mr. and Mrs. R. M. Johnson left Friday for a visit to her parents, Mr. andMrs. K. O. Chambers, at Sardis.Mrs.JLillie'JSagaser and son, Francis,of Louisvil'e, are guests of her parents, Mr. and.Mrs. J.;H. Campbell.Dr. C. C. FiBher conducted quarterlymeeting at Washington, Ky., for Dr.3 Per Cent.In Ten Years aDeposit WithThis Bank of '$1,00 a month amounts to $138.72$5.00 a month amounts to $693.72Start NowOpen an Account with Us Today.m flgriculturl Bank of Paris.Capital$100,0000Surplus$67,500.00Protection$267,500.00STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES.Manti, P. E..South.of the 6M. E. LChurch.Misses Sadie and Edna Clark andAlbertalMoffit returned Friady after avisit of several weeks m Kansas andColordo.Misses Louise Myall Tand Acnesadell were guests of Mrs. E. T. BeedJing at Lexington during the BlueGrass Fair.Mr. and Mrs Ben D. Best, of Covington, and Mrs. Asbury. of FortThomas, are guests of Mr. and Mrs.J. A. Miller.elected.Mr. Hurst who had retired .from the Mr- and Mrs. E. M. Ingels androom when the nomination was an- daughter, Miss Elizabeth, returnednnucned in order bv the nresident. whh ' Saturday after a weeks' sojourn atat once sent for. President, Allen atonce appointed a committee to escurthim to" "the platform. He then addressed the meeting. He called attention to the time when his father,Mr. F. M. Hurst organized the com-,nany. It was then that he first heard;the word "Insurance" used and learnedsomething of its meaning while but aismall boy. He began studying thebusiness early in life in his father's-ZY - l-.-L X- 1 Ji Iomce out lureiuvwi years aner com-; cranddaughter, Mary Abner, left Satpleting his education, he engaged in rHQv fm thm hnmo -at si-nnrifrH-j.. : i 4-u- i : i U""J -. .w...w -v.- w.ivv.,ulijci uuiouiia ami uie uuajuebs iem-Swango SpringsPeed McClintock sold last week atthe Blue Grass Fair jack to W. R. Robinson for SI, 000. The purchase wasmade for Western parties.Miss Mary Burn Parker will leavefor her home at.Maysville todav afterajvisit-to Miss Levina Reynolds. Shewill be accompanied by MissReynolds.Mrs. EDhriam Woods and littleA field'of alfalfa on the farm ofthe late Hon. C. S. Tepleman, nearMoorefield, 'Nicholas county, hasyielded four tons to the acre this season at three cuttings and the fourthcutting will be made about Sentember15.The'tobacco crop in Bovle countyis the best in a number of years. Agreat deal of the weed is being cut thisweek, and the raisers aie delightedwith the Drospects. Late tobacco wasvery much helped by thejrecent rains.White burley is the kind raised in'thatcounty.Monte'Fox, of Danville, last weekpurchased 315 head fat export cattle.averagmgjl,550 pounds, from RobertGatewood, of Montgomery county, at8 cpnts a pound. The price is one ofthe highest ever paid for a similar herdin Kentucky. The exporters will beshipped to England for the feasts ofthe blue bloods.Hogs from .Livingston county.Ky., weighing an average of 166pounds, sold for $8.60.at the St. LouisNational Stockyards in St. Louis.Heavy hogs from Ballard county,weighing 315, brought $8.35. Kentucky incieased its hog consignmentto. St. Louis about 50 per cent, the firstseven months of the year, comparedwith last, and about double its cattleconsignment to this market. Kentucky has supDlied St. Louis with35.000 hogs and 3,000 cattle so far thisyear. Hog and cattle prices are veryhigh there on account of local storage.Illinois and Missouri could not furnishwithin 300,000 enough hogs to meet theSt. Louis demand.Reunion Of Morgan's Men.The annual reunion of Morgan'sMen will convene at Estill Springs today and continue through tomorrow.The following from this city will attend the meeting: Qol. E. F. Clay,Squire L. J. Fretwell, Col. James McDonald, Capt. James M. Rogers, Dr.C. J. Clark, Messrs. Lot Young, HackHopkins, Willie Goodman, C. "W.Morrow, William Stipp and CharlesMeng.A royal welcome is being plannedfer the veterans by the people atIrvine and the veterans wTill be metat the station by the children of thetown who will sing patriotic songs upon the arrival of the guests. The address of welcome will be deliveredby Hon. Hugh Riddle, of Irvine, andthe response will be made by Col.Horace Taylor, of Carlisle.A camp fire will be another featureof the meeting, and around which theveterans will gather to relate storiesof the stormy days of the rebellion.Week Day Excursions to NaturalBridge.Wednesday. August 28, Specialtrain leaves Paris at 10:00 a. m., returning leaves Natural Bridge at 5 :00n. m., $1.50 for the round trip.W. H. HARRIS. Agt.16-4t. J. K. SMITH, T. A.Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.after a two-weeks' viist to Mrs. S, M.Allen.The officers of the Christian churchin session Sunday, called ElderTerry, of Akron, O. as pastor to fillthe vacacny caused by the death.. ofRev. Thomas Smith,Mrs. M.. J. Caldwell and daughter.C. Jefferson, will leavefew days visit to Mrs.Mrs. E. P.panarly lost sight. However notwithstanding this, he was amazed when hewas called back here to take charge of ithe business to find such wonderful Igrowth. The Hurst Home Insurance ICompany seemed to have the right 'ideas along the line of fraternal insur- jance. He said it is already en a firmuasis auu jls .imuib win aeoena t Miss Lauralargely 'on the character of.the proper-J today for aty iiihureu. me uruyer ciaaBincauon oi Elizabeth Jefferson andthis property and the character and Pogue rat Lexington.iiuiuiuii.v ui uucuiuio aiiu iiJcllJcHJtjr. fMe lurthermore said: "If I am to assume the management o this company,I want harmony and co-operation, Itis true we may not always agree.If you do not agree to my gDolicy,meet me face to face and tell me solike a man, and I will treat you thesame."He called sttpntion to the fact thathe had given ud his profession for themanagement of this company and hadreturned ic Milltrsburg largely on thataccount of ties hound him and whnspdemands ut on him he found it his dnf-v i sister, Mrto obey. His addiess was verv mimh ter, Misscomplimented and it is the opinion ofthe directory that he will achieve wonderfully good results for them. President Allen then appointed a committee on resolutions and another on bylaws and general business.As the committees were not ready toreport at the noon hour the meetingtook a recess until two o'clock , duringwhich time an elegant dinner wasserved by Mrs. Minnie Hurst, who hasserved dinners for these annual meetings for many years. This was afeast equal to any in the past, and thetables groaned with all the good thingsof the season. Mrs. Hurst was assisted by a number of lady friends themost prominent of whom was Mrs. WV. Huffman who has assisted her in so !many of fhese dimngs and who hasstood so faithfully by her during thesemany long dark hours of affliction.Mrs. Hurst bore up bravely under thecircumstances, though evidence ofgrief which she attempted to stiflewere plainly visible.At two o'clock the meeting was!Blamed a Good Worker."I blamed my heart for severe distress in my left side for two years,"writes W. Evans. Danville, Va., "butnow I know it was mdigeston as Dr.King's New Life Pills completely cured me." Best for stomach, liver andkidney troubles, constipation, headacheor debility. 25c. at Oberdorfer's.DEATHS.i Mrs. ueo. r. Viouia, or bneioyvnie,i wife of former president of Millers. burg Female College, who is visitingi friends in Cynthiana, spent Sundaywith Mrs. Ada Miller.Rev. C. P. Debois, who has beenwith Mrs. M. J. Whaley for severalweeks left Saturday lor a visit to relatives in Ohio. Mrs. Debois and little1 son will join him later" in Cincinnati.j Miss Jessie Kerr, of Maysville. who' has been the guest of her father andE. M. Kerr, and daughHazel, attended a houseparty from Saturday until Monday,given. by Mrs. Houston, of Carlisle.The Women's Missionary Society ofthe Methodist'church will hold an important meeting at the church Wednesday afternoon at 3 o'clock. Mrs.Helen Forsyth, "f Dallas, Texas, willdeliver an address. All of the ladiesof the church are arged to be present.Mr. J. C. Clifford, of Millersburg,aged 43, aqd Miss Laura Maxev, ofCowan, werejunited in the holy bondsof matrimony at Flemingsburg, Wednesday afternoon. It is the groom'sthirdmatrimonial venture. Mr. Clifford is'section boss on the Millersburgdivision of the L. and N. The brideisfa mostiestimable lady. The bridal(party returned Wdnesdaymorninganda weddingdinner was served at thehome of the groom.How Apes and Monkeys Differ.What is the difference between apes,baboons and monkeys? Apes are suchas are destitute of tails; baboons havemuscular bodies, elongated muzzles,and their tails are usually short; monkeys are those whose tails are ingeneral long, some of them, the sapagos, having prehensile tails, which canat pleasure be twisted around any object, and thereby, in many instances,answers the purpose of an additionalhand.Protect your growing tobacco with Hail Insurance.THOMAS & WOODFORD.Were all medicines as meritoriousas Chamberlain's Colic. CholeraDiarrhoea Remedy the world would bemuch better off and the percentage ofsuffering greatly decreased." writesj Lindsay Scott, of Temple. Ind. Forsale bv all dealer.TUTTLEFuneral services over the body ofMrs. Millie Tuttle. who died Thursdayat the home of Mr. Stanton Rummans, of a complication of diseaseswere conducted at the grave iin Winchester Friday morning by Rev. H. C,Wright and the body was laid to restin the Winchester cemetery. -Mr.Tut-tle,who lived in Clark county with hisfamily'for many years, died "a fewyears ago. Five children survive: Mr.James Tuttle, of California ; Mr. Willie Tuttle, of Fayette countv ; MissLizzie Tuttle, Mrs. Jennie Perkins andMrs. Minnie Rummans, of Paris.Two brothers. Mr. W. O. Brock. Sheriff of Clark county, and Mr. TomBrock.'of this city ; tnd three sisters,Wis. Wm. Oliver, of Winchester Mrs.Mattie Pharis. of Lexington, and Mrs.Minnie Jones, of Illinois, also are living.Best Paris Green at Butler'sOpp. Court House. 26 4-tBacteria Not Necessary to Life.Though bacteria of many kinds livein most animals, a French experimenter has disproven the theory thatthey are essential to life. It wasclaimed that a chicken lived absolutely free from miscro-organisms, andgrowth and development went on asusual. ' 'The Lamp of Life.The comparison of human life tothe burning and going out of a lampwas familiar with Latin authors, as weknow by the term senes decrepitl. Plutarch explains the origin of this metaphor thus: The ancients never extinguished their lamps, but suffered themto go out of their own accord that is,by the last crackle. Hence a lampjust about to expire was said decrepitare, to cease to crackle. Hence, metaphorically, persons on the verge of thegrave were called decrepit men.Dr. Melville Amasa Scovall, 57years old, dean of the College of Agriculture and director oft theKentuckyAgricltural Experiment Station, oneof the most prominent men in Americain matters of agrculture and bloodfdlive stock, died at 11 :50 o'clock Thursday night at his home on the Experiment Statiion farm, near Lexington.Death was due to malignant endocarditis, an inflamation of the innerand ! membrane of the heart, often associated with acute rheumatism, oiwhich he was stricken two weeksago.Dr. Scovall was born at Belvadiere.New Jersey, February 26, 1855, awas later moved to Jasper county,Illinois. He came to Lexington inOctober, 1885, to take the directorshipof the agriculturel expeiiment stationat State University, which was (organized in that yea , and held that officeever since.He was made dean of the College ofAgriculture of the State Universitymore than a year ago.Besides his wife, MrB. Nannie DavisScovall, a native of Montecello, 111.,he is survived by one brother, Mr.Frank Scovall, ofHIinois, and a sitser,Mrs. Vanderhoof, of St. Louis, but nochildren. The funeral was held inLexington Sunday.Notice.All customers not having settledtheir July accounts are respectvullyrequested to call and do so at once,Respectfullv,6-tf MISS JESSIE BROWN. !Insure with W. O.Prompt payingcompanies.Hintoi.nw - unionmtm.v-Vc