wvJ 4Hi -LjfcTHE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARtVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JULY 16, 1912s cf ii ii'iiaarps1WWWW&totototo-mifW!,BaBHiaBMBHSa!bflg ReducOoiOraAISLOW SHI ftBeginning This Week We Will Reduci all HANNAN and NETTLETON OXFORDS, and also Ladies9Pumps and oxfords.We have a great many WHITE SHOES and PUMPSin Nubuck and Canvas that will be greatly reduced.These will be for CASH ONLY.GEO. McWILLfAIV9S9ft rncn?.s.ii s rac si-srt vs- g-sfiSgB3E3eEImB3v ..,,ve .""V..-.iSsCfrSvSO C---'- V-- - - ' - -ZTIIZT- T ''"TLS" " " V5-' -- -4 'M ' - f 'Mr3?K-&V9'Don't Stay At Home and BroodV But Come in and See What We Can Save You onHavarocenes. oeisw is just a rew orOver the High Cost of Living-,Our Many Bargains:16 lbs. Granulated Sugar '. $ 1 .OO8 Bars Lenox Soap ' 25cBrass King Wash Boards 30c2 Cans Good Corn 1 5c1 lb. Can Royal Baking Powder 45cRoyal Seal Oats per can 1 1c(The Only Oats for Summer)Pure Hog Lard per lb ' 1 4cMason 'Fruit Jars, qts., per doz GOcMason Fruit Jars, pts., per doz 50cFruit Cans, per doz 35cEscaped Asylum InmateVictim.Tne body of Wm. Hamilton, whoescaped rom the Kentucky Eastern 'Asylum, at Lexington, Sunday after-1noon was found on the right-of-way ofthe Louisville and Nashville railroad,about five miles of Paris at 6:30'o'clock.It was evident that life had beenextinct for several hours and the bodyhad almost reached a state of decomposition. &&$The discovery of the body was madeby a track walker yesterday morningabout one mile from Hutchison station, and the matter was immediatelyreported to Coroner Rudolph Davis,who went to the scene immediatelyand had the body removed to theunderaking establishment of Mr. Geo.VV. Davis. For a time it was thoughtthe body was that of James A. Stout,of Danville. Asthe only thing foundthat would lead to his identification,was a copy of a Louisville newspaoer,addressed to "Jas, A. Stout, EasternKentucky Asylum, Lexington Ky.,"was found in his pocket, together witha smalljball of yarnand several 'piecesof leather. Later developments," however, disclosed the fact that the bodywas not that of Stout.It is supposed Hamilton, whosehome is. in Poplar Plains, Flemingcounty, effected his escape from theasylum some time Sunday morning.Coroner Davis, in his investigation,learned that about noon Sunday theman was seen walking along th etrackin the direction of Paris, by a foremanof a section! crew at Hutchison, whosaid (he man gave slight evidence ofbeing ill, but as he did nut ask forassistance, and seemed disinclined toconverse with the foreman, no furtherattention was paid him.The opinion is that after making hisescape from the asylum. Hamiltonstarted in the direction of his home.When almost overcome by the extremeheat he made his way aloncr the side ofthe tcack until he reached the spotwhere his bodv was found.Superintendent Dr. C. A. Nevitt, ofthe asylum, accompanied by H, W.Satterwhite, an attendant, came toPaiis at four o'clock yesterday afternoon and identified the body as beingthat of Hamilton. Coroner Davis immediately communicated with MichaelHamilton, a brother of the dead man,in Fleming countv. and he will arrivehere this morning to take charge ofthe remains andjemove them to hishome for burial. Hamilton had beenan inmate of the asylum since the fustof February. He is Furvived by his"wife and several children.After conducting an investigationyesterday morning Coroner Davis decided that fhe man died of sunstroke.Heat ' '"j&S flHHHHHHa: ff3BmMciiiwwsAx- - k, g ' r v-- dvmmmBEmmm r.-gsg: m-mMg&mm C-g whophh"WE KNOW HOW"Wheat Wanted.yourCall and see us before sellingwheat. HighPbt market price,R. 6. HUTCUCKAFT,16-4t Both phones S4.V-V..-ft -tfjI'T'here is nothing nicer, and we-" know there is nothing coolerpair ofFlannela?for Summer wear than aWhite Serge or WhiteTrousers.Just the thing to wear with a Blue SergeCoat, Straw Hat and White Low-Cut Shoesthese Summer days. White Buckskin andWhife Duck Shoes for men you will find herein all styles.Soft Silk Pongee Shirts, with collars tomatch, made with soft turn-back Cuffs, White 'Silk Hose and Wash Ties.Don't suffer with the heat when you cankeep cool at a small cost.4AAaMitchell & Blakemore,IOutfitters, tO' MenParis, Kentuckyw Wwm 'QHHHBBMHHPiv KaOHJHBBi 55? EMHIHHBW w WHHW vBLUE RIBBON FLOUR25-ib Sack SOcSO-Sb Sack $ 1 .60100-ib Sack.. $3.20to -i fto 1 e AtotoV,LECash Grocery.NIHAN.First National Sells Property.Mr. R. K. McCarney has purchasedfrom the First National Bank of thiscity, the two brick buildings onBroadway, in the rear of the Agricultural Bank- Building. The purchasewas made at a private price. Recently the bank officials bought the property from Mrs. Elizabeth C. Roger?,of Lexington, and Mrs. Carrie Hanson, of Winchester At that time itv.Tas the intention of the purchasersto remodel and enlarge their presentplace of business, but since they purchased the property at the corner ofMain and Fourth streets known as thePrice Corner and decided to disposeof their property on Broadway.Melons on Ice.Fine Georgia watermelons and California cantloupes on ice at all times.Phone us your oder.16-2t SAUER.S"'IiLiximiimiimii;iuuLiT!iii iiniiiiiiniiihiiiuniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiininiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiimj'miiiiiiimiiniiimiiiing5Both Phones 234r 'i i4:2b:, 'w-v.- ""V." r"........-v. yf.i V2r- 2 n-2sj TiiJV TiSJv 7l$J77vI7lfw&:WMMtIHWm3mLW JkhkV SMiB5!2a',72Lmim:m-The XTRAGOOO LabelMakes Satisfaction Sure.Sailor, Russian and Jun- &ior suits, pretty cheviots, Jpfworsteds and serges, new- &Hest combinations for Spring $wear, large graceful collars, Sfesilk ties, trousers lined. 1!Most artistic designs on the 00marKet, 6 l-z 10 jluYearlings in Training.Mr. Amos Turney.the Bourbon turfman, will have ten yearlings Tin training at tha Lexington track which willbe placed in the training stable ofKimball Patterson. Six of the yearlings were purchased by Mr. Tureyfrom John J. McCalfertv and the otherfour were bred by Mr. Turney on hisfarm in this county.;vffi.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.ii;saSaee3ears$5.00Boys' two-niece double-0 breasted and Norfolk suits,plain two-piece suits withfull lined ' 'knickers :" also- Norfolk and " knicker ' 'trousers; new Spring styles,-large variety of styles and. vTRAGooj) checks. A very popularstyle for this season, durable serge linings. Allthe style and appearance of much higher-pricedclothing; sizes 7 to 17 years $7.50PRI6&&'60. ClothiersmmThree Held On Robbery Charge.John Hunter, of Owsley county,Wm.YcunK, of Lafayette Tenn. andRobt., Smith, of Crab Orchard. Ky.,all white, are held at the county jailon a charge of robling a boy whosename is unknown. The allecred robbery took placelast night shortly afternine o'clock beneath the railroadbridge on East Main street and only ashort distance from the jail.Thn boy who is thought was robbedis a Hungarian and when found was ina drunken stuuer. It is thought hewas taken to the soot where he wasfound and relieved of what money hehad in his posession. The capture ofthe men was effected by Jailer JoeFarris who hearing the cries of theboy went to investigate and intersepted;the.men as they were about to enterthe foot bridge. One of the four menescaped by running through "the bridgean was fire anon bv Jailer Fairies.He is said to be a white man by ihename of Silas Johnson and the policeare making a search for him.All of those in custody declare thatthey are innocent of the charge preferred against them, and Young, whoclaims to be a fieman-claims he wasenroute to the depot to take the latetrain for his home, when taken intocustody. He had in his possession arailroad pass. Hunter and Smith areemployed with a construction gang.The victim ot the alleged rubberswas taken to the jail where he waslocked up for the nifjht. The men heldin iail. stated the name of the bov wastaFinal Oean-UpOFLadies' Ready-to-Wear Garments.$25.00 Ladies' Suits, now .' $ 9.9815.00 Ladies' Suits, now 5.0035.00 Lingerie Dresses, now. ... ,. . 1 7.5025.00 Lingerie Dresses, now. . .' ' 1 5.0020.00 Lingerie Dresses, now J 9.9815.00 Lingerie Dresses, now ." 7.7510.00 Lingerie Dresses, now '. 4.9830.00 Silk Dresses, now - 15.0025.00 Silk Dresses, now '. 1 2.50. 20.00 Silk Dresses, now 1 O.OO10.00 Linen Dresses, now 4.987.50 Linen Dresses, now .' 3.98. 5.00 Linen Dresses, now 2.98All Other Ready-to -Wear Garments Reduced in- . - Price - - -t mVFRANK fc C.,xParis,KentuckyemHimniiH'""'"1""11'-11111" AtI9luim$&$&ti8SfflS6BB&I unknown to them.mememestiesnaatJra7lKW4fciifeA4fe4feVij-- ,- fAAam?mmmm?mMwm&iM&it&- mim 'arm v i ' - -THE BOtiRBOtf NEWS;" PARIS; KENTUCKY JULY '16, 1912'i 'ii! ihii i .?. 2 IsI'M!;1I fHjHIjfitifMIskis, above all other things, theremedy for sickly, wasted children. It nourishes and buildsthem up when ordinary foodabsolutely fails. Be sure toget SCOTT'S. AllDrugguU.Scott & Bownc Bloomfield. N. J. 12-13:manca tswtxxtxiBuv J iov. Chamberlain's Colic,Cholera and Diarrhoea Kumdey is almost etrtain to ba nteded before thesummer is ov r. Buy it now and beprepared for such an omergency. Forsale bv til dealers.Option Election in Montgomery.At a meeting: f fifty r preventativecitizens of Moi tgore j ountv apetition for signatuie was d uvn ud,calling for a ' local option e.cction inMontgomery county for September 30.Rev. B. C. Horton was electedchairman of the Campaign Committee,with John btofer as secretary andJohn Trimble White as treasurer. Petitions will be put in circulation ineach precinct in the county for feigners. Mt. Sterling is the only "wet"precinct in the county. Signatures of25 per cent, of the voters must besecured before an ele'ction can beordered.Dysentery is always serious andoften a dangerous disease, but it canbe cured. Chamberlain's Colic,Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy hascured it even when malignant andepidemic. For sale by all dalers.TtolBftJ$ W W S 1 ELfs CJothmg Ucpartmenijjgl piS All the Latest ideas in jjg Now On DisplayClothing Deparl-rsiesils?h RssEg LWOLLbltIN Sgagg Clothing and Shoe Department. jjEjjijLLU-MMMMWWM .i hum ! wTTinnrrrrin ' '" "1 O LI iYI 1&3 lIJ4!fc3JrJLi"i.li 1Lki3IIAnyonejivhc'haised the BEMIS TRANSPLANTERvIIIIYERKES & PRIOHARDBoth 'Phones 66I.1,100 Prisoners Paroled.buring the ,rpast twelve years theState Prison Commission has paroled1J00 convicts nearly the entire ponulation of iheFrankfort penitentiary andnearly twice the population of theEddyville penitentiary.The first Prison Commission was created in 1900 and paroled 207 convictsbefore the Prison Commission comprising Eli Blown, Harvey McCutcheonand Finlev Fogg went into officeMarch 1, 1904.Since that time 893 convicts havebeen paroled. 304 of whom were convicted for murder .and 274 foremanslaughter. During the life of the Prison Commission there have been 354 convictsconvicted of roarder and 362 convictedof manslaughter to be paroled.A Girl's Wild Midnight Ride.To warn people of a fearful forestfire in the Catskill3 a young girl rodehorseback at midnight and saved manylives. :Her;deed was glorious but livesare often saved by Dr. King's NewDiscovery in curing luna trouble,coughs and colds, which might haveended in consumption or pneumonia."It curedme of a dreadful cough andlung disease," writes W. R. Patterson,Wellington, Tex., "after four in ourfamily had died with consumption, andI gained S7 pounds." Nothing so sateand sure tor all throat and lung troubles. Price 50c and $1.00. Trial bottletree. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.With Her Egg Money, Maybe.An Atchison woman while on ashopping trip the other day ran acrosssome lace for $7.50 a yard. While shestood wondering whether she could afford to buy a couple of dollars' worthof it, a farmer's wife came along andbought the whole belt without battingan eye. Kansas City Journal.JLZ- Ui3!0;Tfei Slfc BTW Ivl T3 iVl ivrf'-CJlAnyonehcI;ha2ised the BEMIS TRANSPLANTER..andthen used another canappreciate the difference inthe work done.3 Thefloating shoe, positive" valveaction, fall "steePframe, andthe work done are itsfeatureGive us your order now .so you will be. sure ofgettinggone, 'I'1'Uncle Samuel Is After Us.The Postmaster General has orderedthat all subscriptions showing over ayer in arrearB be paid up or else therewill be trouble. The following bulJetinlhas been issued to all newspapersand if you are in arrears kindly calland square up.fso we will rot have toargue with Uncle Sam, and maybe paya big fine:"Sir: Your attention is called toamended parargaphs 3, section 436, ofthe Postal laws and Regulations, appearing in the December, 1911, PostalGuide, reading as follows:" 'The right of publishers to extendin good faith rredit on subscriptions isrecognized, and will not be abridged,and although all subscriptions are regarded as expiring with the period ofwhich thty were obtained nevertheless,in order to give an opportunity to secure a renewal, copies of their publication will be accepted for mailing asto subscribers at the usual secondclass rates of postage for a period ofone year from the date of expiration ;but copies sent to persons after oneyear from the date of the expirationof their subscriptions, unless suchsubscriptions be expressly renewed fora definitet time, together with anactual payment of subscriptions or abona-fide promise of payment, will notbe accepted at the pound rate, but willbe accented at the transient secondclass rate nt one cent for each fourounces or fraction thereof, prepaid bystamps affixed.Respectfully,JAMES J. BRITT,Third Assistant Postmaster Genreal."His Start."You got your start in politics byburning midnight Oil?" "Yes," replied Senator Sorghum. "I was oneof the busiest boys you ever saw ina torchlight procession."Controversies Must Be SettledLocally.County School Superintendent, MissMabel Robbins is in receipt oftha following letter from State Superintendent Baiksdale Hamlet, which setsioith that allco Uroversies arising bttv, ten teachers and trustees of thecountv schools must fall to the CountySupenntenent for settlement:"To Teachers and Trustees:"The proper medium for the settlement of controversies arising betweenle ichers and trustees is the county superintendent of schools. Many teachers, trustees and citizens have a custom of writing the State Superintendent of Public Instruction about everylittle detail of school management. Ihave no obiection to answering theseinquiries and it is always a pleasure torender assistance to any school. Theserequests often state only one side otthe question and it is impossible togive a fair decision until we haveheard both "ides. In view of tnesefacts I think it wise and just for alltrustee?, teachers and citizens to submit these questions first to the countysuperintenednt. When an opinion isneeded,the county superintendent isthe proper person to'ask for n opiniontiom the State office. When this isdune, he can give both sides of thequestion and the State office can renderan intelligent opinion. Strictly speak-incr, I have no authority to reive anopinion, except on an appeal from thedecision of the countv superintendentor upon his re iuest. I desire to makethis anneal to all teachers and trustees, to submit your questions first tothe countv superintendent, who is heproper person to decide all questons ofthe difference and doubt regaiding theschools of has county.Yous vtrv trulyBARKSDALE HAMLETT.Superintendent.", 1IIJTHE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKY "SWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .$2.00-Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matt er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right o' publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.A Vast Difference.There is a vast difference betweenthe platforms adopted by the Keublicans at Chicago and the Uemocrats arBaltimore. The Republican platformis thoroughly re&ctionaiy and "standpat.' It does not concede that the lastRepublican administrations have erredin tneirtttariff policies, notwithstanding the almost universal verdict of thecountry to the contrary. This plat,form still prates about "protectingAmerican workmen," and "maintaining the American standard of wages."when every citizen with a grain of intelligence knows that both of theseare shams and hypocricies. The Republican platform also is evasive, sothat in the remote event of Republicansuccess at the polls, it could be interpreted in anv way the high tariff bosses might want it interpreted.The Democratic platform, on theother hand, is specific and definite. Itpledges the party to an exact policy,without any attempt at evasion. Itpromises, not to "revise the tariff,"but to revise the tariff downward. Thewording is so plain and definite that achild could understand its meaning andintent. Here, briefly, are some of theimportant promises in the Democratidocument:1 A tariff tor revenue only. Immediate revision downward. Trustcontrolled products to go on the freelist.2 Civil and criminal'urosecution oftrusts. Laws to stop monopoly andstock watering. Amendment to makethe Sherman law effective.3 A demand ior the ratification ofthe amendments for an income tax anddirect election of Senators.4 Publicity for all recommendationson which Presidential appointments aremade ; for the ownership of newspapers; and for all campaign funds innational elections.5 Piesidential primaries and popular election of national committeemen.The use of money by corporations ate'e:tions to be made unlawful.G A single term for the President.7 Supervision of railroad, telegraph, telephone and express rates.8 Revision of.ttie banking lawsprevent concentration and misusemoney. No government depositstoOfinfavored banks.9 Laws to improve the rivers andpi event floods.10 Restriction of the judiciary toits proper functions.11 Philippine independence, andterritorial government for Alaska.Trial by jury in cases of indirect contempt. Encouragement of the merchant marine, but no subsidies. Parcelspost and postal express and extensionot rural delivery. Conservation thatwill not interfere wtih the rights ofbona fide'settleis.12 Extension of tne civil service,and no abridgement of the right ofFederal employes to petition for rediess of grievances.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shavego to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclas? barbers. 13 tfDesign on Nickel to be Changed.The executive order which willcompletely change the design of theUnited States five-cents piece probablywill be issued by President Taft within a few weeks.J. W. Frazier, the New York artist,who is working out the design conferred with Secretary MacVeagh andGeorge E. Roberts, director of themint, regarding the details of the newcoin, which will be completed shortlyfor submission to the President for approval. The figure of a buffalo has beenselected for the nickel's face to displace the Goddess of Liberty, because,it is explaine1,'the buffalo is peculiarlyan American aniaml. The Goddess ofLiberty is in several other UnitedStates coins. The thought of thebuffalo suggested the Indian and forthatTeason an artistic head of tnered man will adorn the reverse of y thepiece of money.iMUHIIHUMIWiA. WOMAN'S WISDOM.The- worried mother wakes uo tocough perhaps the croup or whooping cough. She does not want to send for .thedoctor when perhaps the trouble does not amount to much. Finally she thinks Olthat medical book her father gave her, The Common Sense Medical Adviser, byR V Pierce, M. D. She says "just the thing to find out what is the matter witathe I:'ttle dear." Two million households in this country own one and it's tobe had for only 31c. in stamps 1,000 pages in splendid cloth binding. A goodfamily adviser in any emergency. It is for either sex. This is what many v omenwrite Dr. Pi&rce in respect to his " Favorite Prescription, a remedy which hasmade thousands of melancholy and miserable women cheerful and happy, by curingthe painful womanly diseases which undermine a woman's health and strength.r3ly desire is to write a few linos to let yon know whatMrs. Zueeut axd Ea3e. to all my friends."GEO. W. DAVISFDNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMB1LME8.BOTH'PHOIJES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.aiEsassssBssssjgaaistssss-ssiWhy not you join the great army ofcustomers and burn JMow is the time toDodsonPARIS, KY.maQsQStiCumberland telephone and telegraph CompanyINCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the Cumberland Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, iVlillefsburg, North Middletown, Little Rock anRuddles Mills."When you have Cumberland service you' HAVE telephone service. 'Cumberland Telephoneand TelegraphCompanyIncorporatedvena&Tzasam im fyrfraf5 y i mi n n in nm ii - m rmmFtrI AWT TMkCillff JJ JCilLljJ.OMany Applications In Nest of OwlsFlattering results are being accomplished in organiiiig the localnest Order of Owls, in this city and it is earnestly expected that no lessthan 300 to 350 .members will be hooting at the date the local lodg ii. tobe installed.There are many reasons why the Order of Owls have broken membership records in all parts of the country, their benefits being unequaledby any fraternal order.The local nest Order of Owls pay sick and accident benefits of 6 perweek, $100 death benefit and furnish free physician for member and hisfamily, also social features with the club and lodge rooms unsurpassedby any local order, all for 50 cents per month, no extra assessments. Inaddition to these benefits the supreme organization furnishes a freeOrphan's Home for children under 16 years of age of the deceasedbrothers or a pension fund for the widow to assist in supporting herchildren at her own home; and in November of last year the SupremeTrustees of the order closed a deal whereby a tract of 1.500 acres ofmountainous laud was secured in the vicinity of Salmon, Idaho, herethe order has established a great tuberculosis camp and hospital for thefree use of members of the order, at a cost of 17,000, and at a meetingheld last March the order launcetl a movement to erect a home at SouthBend, Ind., for the aged and infirm members of the order.The Order of Owls is but seven years old with over 270,000 membersin over 1,700 nests in the United StatesrBy joining now you get in as a charter member and do not have totake the intiation. The entire cost of joining is but $5, after chartercloses initiation fee in this city will be $25. Get your application in nowand help make Paris Order of Owls a grand success. ,Those desiring information relative to this nest will be furnishedsame b writing or calling onMOSES R. GLENN, Gcn'l Organizer,LWith Thomas Bros.,Home Phone 585 ;.E. Tenn. 793Jlttnie EangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.aug!6tfEast Tenn. Phoe '669hear her baby's heavy- breathing little .your valuable meciicino nas aone ior imv wim-s mxa.aiARGAiw-T Zukbekt, of 323 S. Bentalon Street, taltimore,Id. "Before the storck camp to or.r houc I was a very sictcwoman. I wrote on for idvico which was kindly given andwhich made me a diiierent woman in a short time. Aftertaking the fhsi; bottle of 'Favorite Prescription' I beganimproving so that I hardly knew I was in such a condition.I did my own housework washing and ironing, cooking,sewing, and the worst of all nursed three children w ho hadwhooping cough. I hardlv knew of the advent ten minutesbf fore so eay was it. The baby is as fat as a butter-ball.Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription is the best medicine foranv woman to take when in this condition. I recommend itC?'try a load.mo I622 Main Street.IOffice Open Till 9 p. m.For Rent.Desirable flat to rent on secondfloor, over C. P. Cook's groce-y, onMain street, between Seventh andEighth ; bathroom and other conveniences. Possession at once. Apply toJ. T. HINTON,lS-tf t Both phones 36.& DentonrI..k, KA -J,'. . -JkvifV.d A'VTfV. -H " v-a J .-4i V- " '" - 6T -" Wy" ""- v"-r iV-v- '" ty , ,-. i - . i ' t-,. I .-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 16, 1912..V'4.,fSt WlvimmmmJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDSPEED PROGRAMRUNNING RACES AND HARNESSRACES TO BE GIVEN ONEACH DAY.Cup Races to be Given Each Day bythe Gentlemen's Driving Clubat Blue Grass Fair.Sood Work Base Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!TRE JQB RGOfflS OFTHE ".BRBNmastNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOG ,POSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.An excellent speed program hasbeen arranged for the Blue Grass Fairat Lexington, week of August 12th to17thOn each of the six days there willbe running races and harness racingon every day but Saturday. The two-year-oldstake to be contested duringthe week, closed with 33 entries including nearly all of the best in training in Kentucky. This race has always been one of the best races of theyear for two-year-olds and this shouldprove no exception, to the rule.In addition there will be a 2:16trot, a 2:20 pace, 3-year-old trot and2:22 trot. There will be no deductionfrom winners except in the stake, theentires to which closed May 10th.Other features will be added and announced later.THE PARKER SHOWSWill Present Several Headline Attractions at Blue Grass Fair.FIND THREE-TOED HORSEScientists Seeking Relics in NevadaAlso Uncover Remains of Prehistoric Camel and Dog.It is always customary for the largertented enterprises to offer one big feature attraction, sparing neither timeor expense to make it the crownig feature of the mighty "Drag." Mr. C. W.Parker, founder and owner of the Parker Amusement Company, who remains at his big factories at Leavenworth, Kan., and directs his variouscompanies from the home office, conceived the idea that a big Europeannovelty would be the proper attraction for his largest company, TheGreater Parker Shows. With this ideain view Miss Essie Fay and her beautiful full blooded Arabian were booked for this season's tour of America.Miss Fay, who was an English worn- !an by birth, was touring Arabia withher father, who at that time was amember of the English Parliament.When a guest of the Prince of Morrocco at his palace in Tripoli, thePrince was pleased with Miss Fay andpresented her with an Arabian yearling. The young lady shipped thehorse to her father's stable. "Whileroving the green with her new pet,she formed an attachment to the colt,and he the same to her, and in hisgrace and beauty, she thought she sawsomething promising. With his increasing brains and grace, and thecareful training of its mistress, "Arabia" was quick to win acclaims of royalty and nobility in the greatest coliseums of Europe.At London, Paris, Berlin, Naples,Madrid, Moscow, Vienna and St. Petersburg "Arabia," under the directions of Miss Fay, has astonishedthousands who have witnessed "Arabia" add and subtract, answer questions, "yes" or "no" by the nod of herhead, use the telephone, and do otherastonishing feats, displaying an animal intelligence almost unbelievableof any dumb brute. "Arabia" goes toa big brass bed, takes off his nightcap, undresses, turns down the covers, arranges the pillows, gets intobed, covers himself up again and apparently goes to sleep. Finishing hisexhibition with a startling and exciting fire scene. Crushing down his stable door, he dashes across the lawn tothe burning building of his mistress,he reappears leaping through the window' with an infant child in his mouthand his mistress across his shoulders."Arabia" the "fire-fighting" horse and"Arabia" the "good-night" horse will, appear in Lexington at the Blue GrassFair August 7-12.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.Reno, Nev. Marvelous discoveriesof prehistoric mammals in the shalefields on the desert 28 miles east ofMina, Nev., are announced 'as the result of the explorations of Prof. Lawrence Baker of the department of geological research of the University ofCalifornia. Professor Baker is assisted in his researches by Prof. Buwaldo,also of the university faculty.The investigations disclose the factthat the region about Mina was oncean immense body of tropical water.The bones of a three-toed horse, aboutthe size of a lamb, have been unearthed. The teeth, well preserved, and theentire remains of a prehistoric doghave been brought to light. It is believed that this animal lived at leastfive million or six million years ago.The scientists say that the fields aboutMina are the most marvelous in theworld.Fossils eighteen feet high are to beseen cropping out in the heart of thedesert miles away from any humanlife. In the vicinity is a bed of pure jcarbonate of magnesia, which assays jshow runs 97 per cent.The remains of fish are to be seen jsticking out of the banks. The pro- jfessors are bending their efforts toobtain specimens of mammals. Theremains of an extinct camel, datingfrom the miocene period, have beenobtained.Effort is being made to obtain specimens of the water lizard, believed tobe the oldest known form of animallife. Fish many feet in length areto be seen and every indication pointsto the fact that the remains, so perfectly preserved, belong to a period atleast five million years ago. Alongthe southern edge of the desert, whichis believed to have been a lake at onetime, there has been discovered coalof a high quality.An eastern syndicate owns the property upon which the discoveries havebeen made. They acquired the landto work the magnesia deposits andalso to prospect for gold, which isfound in nearby sections. Permissionwas granted the scientists by the local manager to study and take specimens of the relics.An effort will be made to have theSmithsonian Institution send an expedition to make a thorough study, asit did of the mammoth tracks discovered in the yard of the state penitentiary.GIRLS TO WEAR BLOOMERSPlayground Instructor Buys 1,600Yards of Gingham for Pupils to Make Up.Cleveland. Miss Marguerite Kelly,supervisor of playgrounds, and MissMary Penn, sewing instructor, wenton a shopping expedition and bought1,600 yards of goods."Fine trousseau," observed a man,who wandered into a room in the Cityhall, where Miss Kelly and Miss Pennwere busy with scissors, cutting andhacking at great bolts of checkeredgoods."Trousseau nothing," scornfully answered Miss Kelly. "This is gingham ;and it's to be made up into bloomersfor girls at the playgrounds. Thereare between 800 and 1,000 girls to besupplied. We decided to have themmake bloomers instead of wTeavingmats and baskets. They can't wearbaskets and mats.""But why the bloomers?"-"Well," said Miss Kelly. "Theywon't wear certain articles of lingeriein hot weather. That's the reason, ifyou must know."OREGON GIRLS HIT GOTHAMHALF FARE RATES TO FAI RDo not fail to visit the Blue GrassFair at Lexington the week of August12th tp 17th. One fare rates will prevail on all railroads in Kentucky. Every afternoon and evening beginningSunday, August 11th, there will bemagnificent band concerts by Frederick Neil Innes' Orchestral Band, accompanied by Beatrice Van Loon, oneof America's younger sopranos, whois recognized as one of the mostcharming and delightful soloists before the public to-day.WOMAN'S DEPARTMENT.Cbe Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.SWJUUUUWttRThe Woman's Department of theBlue Grass Fair, to be held at Lexington, August 12 to 17th, will be moreimportant and extensive this year thanever before. The premium list hasbeen revised, and classes offered cover almost every kind of woman's workand table luxuries. The third floor ofthe Art Hall is given entirely to thisdepartment, and is usually one of themost attractive exhibits of the BigFair.This year the second floor will beutilized by the "Made in LexingtonClub," and it is needless to say willbe made as attractive as possible, andwill be an exposition of wares manufactured in LexingtonOn the lower floor the managementhas arranged with the Canadian Government Exhibit to bring their, displayof- wheat, grain and other agriculturalproducts. This should attract the attention of every farmer in the state,as it is 'the same display made at bigstate fairs and expositions. 'Look at New York City and Call ItDevoid of Beauty Its WomenBlase.New York. Nine Oregon girls' whoreached New York from Portland after having motored about the city afew hours declared that so far as theycould see New York was devoid ofbeauty. They are farmers' daughterswho earned the 'trip by getting subscriptions for a newspaper. After twodoys in New York they went to Washington to meet the president, andfinally to Chicago for the Republicanconvention."Eastern women," said Mrs. M. A.Hartshorn, a newspaper woman whois chaperon of the party, "are madeup too much to look pretty. Even theyoung girls look blase. Their facesare absolutely devoid of expressionand they cannot be compared withour girls with their natural vivacity.And as for your men, they all look sodelicate. Their waist lines are eyensmaller than the girls'. They are notlike our men, big and lovable."Kisses Break Up Church Play.Chicago. When Miss Anita Chuschow found that she was to be the recipient of many kisses in a play givenby the young women of the AscensionRoman Catholic church, in which shewas to take a leading part, she refused to go on with rehearsals untilthe kissing scenes were cut out. Now,unless a woman, can be found whodoes not object to being kissed onthe stage, the play will be called off.Punctuality Costs Her Life.New York. Jumping into a rapidlyrising elevator, in order to, get to herdesk on time, Miss Mary' Foreth, acashier, fell forward, her body beingcaught and crushed beneath the edgeof the floor and the top of the elevator door. When the operator reversedthe lever the lifeless body crashed 25feet to the basement.flQm 4HHHBHHB CHB wD BBHi (flHHHBKB& CHICurtis Henry & Co.i9Groceries, Dry Goods,Fresh Meats, Etc.Best Meats in Paris.Country Produce Bought.CASH OR TRADEThe Sanitary and Pure Food Store.IMo Files. All Vegetables KeptSnside.T IN Street DisplayAll Goods the Best and GuaranteedPrompt Delivery to AH Parts of City.CURTIS HENRY & CO.Cor. 14-th and Main IL. & R. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.Trains .A.rrrveMo. FROM34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5.21, am; Lexington. Ky., Daily 4.34am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 am7 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.38 am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 am37 Cincinnati, O., Dnily 9.50 am3 Maysville, .Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 10.20 am12 Lexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily , 10.24 am26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 am.25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pm1) Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pm138 Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pm38 Knoxville. 'enn.. Daily .3.25 pm.5 Maysville, Ky., Daily T . ... .5.25 pm39 Cincinnati, O . Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pm30 Lexington, Ky., Daily .- .6,03 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday. 6.03 am.32 Jacksonville. Fla.. Daily . 6 05 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily , 10:50 pmTrains 3D e -partTOCincinnati. O., Daily 5.Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.Cincinnati, O., Daily'Except Sunday ' 8.Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.Lexington, Ky., Daily .9.Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.Jacksonville, Fla. , Daily 10.Lexington, Ky., Daily 10.Maysville, K., Daily 12.Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 12.Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.Cincinnati, O., DailyNo.34429401013737331336262538939328303113Daily Except Sunday 5.. Daily Except bundav o.Daily ". 6.Daily Except Sunday 6, Daily Except Sunday 0,Lexington, K. , Daily 10.Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10,Rowland, Kv.Lexington, Ky,Cincinnati, 0.,Maysville, Ky.Cynthiana, Ky28 am35 am47 am20 am20 am57 am,55 am24 am,27 am05 pm04 am54 pin40 pm52. pm57 pm10 pm.15 pm,25 pm55 pm,57 po.iej&s:-3!?IN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trains .Aj?rrvNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.40 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 Tm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10. 0Q pmTrains IDeprttfo. TO1(51 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only 6.20 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except? Sunday 9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky DailylExcept Sunday 5.52 amBk WiflWti2i J? kt-n fell Jfe vvitty&'E tH& mf tit, ImSt kSbI w gi.I hsitrbr i $&PXtf &3&k V4 K-j 83 rHV- - riJ b UH EJ X' 3&Mm&&hiiW W W 1j ftj1JtteM ViY VA . -n 5MJ VJ" xrorffMV5WCX,ClincherIH ROUND SHAPE Xan strong mfimMmM RESILIENT MplPllFDURABLE MEasily Fits Any Quick Detachable RimNo Tools RequiredIN STOCK BY.,YERKES & PRICHARDCorner Fourth and PleastantJlI,it-r Kj- !-.VTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY; JULY 16, 1912.ji!Ji rlU5?i uIsIIIMi t 'ih1ItIfasiSIIYou Are Cordially Invited to AttendsPractical Cooking and Bakingtaitrata!The New Perfection BlueE.M.Wheeler's Furniture StoreTimrsflau,JulyCome and learn the merits and economy of this modern Stove. Good things served to eat FREE. Expertlady demonstrator in charge.I$1.00zZsr S iS-fy r,V$, Iihit tin I Ifivl !c.Jn?2&3 fcs Pi.if ;illi ,! ' i 1 il ?Tffi vZ-'-, jzCzjz, Ig LlitJ ljyi RSTr Wr-T 'refiWh St h Jant.'"nrT'r:in "? ". clOJLj&-r.:'u flgriculturl Bank of Paris.Capital Surplus Protection'$ 1 00,00.00 $67,500.00 $267,500.00FOR SALE.Twenty Buff Orphington Tien?.J. T. DOTY.Wanted.Two good relfable insurance solicitors THOMAS BR03.-OFJcq UrJ llifevATFriflay a18th5 19th andnoWill start a Bank Account here andstart you on the road to Success.itRoxir Davis !Cbe Insurance Agent" Life, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies".Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137.Oil Stove,Saturday20thlTeachers Examination.Examinations forjeounty certificateswill be held Friday and Saturday, July19 and 20, in the office" of the CountySuperintendent, Miss Mabel Bobbins,in the court house.At Cost.Ladies' and childrens Oxfords atcost.12jly-tf. FELD'S SHOE STORE.Stock Ponds With Bass.Twelve thousand black bass, furnished'by the U. S. Government, havebeen placed in the various ponds inBourbon county. The consignment offish was received by Mr. John Connell.of this city, who superintended theirdistribution. An effort is being madeto secure a consignment of the camefish with which to stock several of thestreams of the countv.Melons on Ice.Telephone us for fresh watermelonskept on ice.C. P. COOK & CO.Insurance Board Meets.The Insurance Board was in session at Frankfort last week arrangingdata furnished by reports of the insurance companies, in anticipation of thedecisions of The Court of Appeals upontiie constitutionality of the act creating the commission, so that in theevent the court uph&ids the board theywill be'ready to go on with the workwithouLdelay.Immense Line ox Wall Paper.Call at my store ana pick from thelarge new stock of wall paper- justwhat you need and have it put on yourwalls. Experienced decorators areready to do your work.J. T7 HINTON.Protect your growing tobacco with Hail Insurance.THOMAS & WOODFORD.Retains Challenge Cup.Thos. H. Clay. Jr.. of Paris, retainsthe Kentucky Challenge Cup as a result of the shoot on the range of theFayette Gun Club, near Lexington,Thursday afternoon. The match wasat 100 birds and the score was : ThoF.H. Clay, Jr., 95; Frank Bell. Lexington, 95; Joseph Kemoer, Lexington,93; Victor Dode, Lexington, 92; Dr.Wolfolk Barrow, Lexington, 90, and C.Strother, Winchester, 90. In shootingoff the tie Clay killed 24 of his 25 birdsand Bel,1 killed22.Big Reduction on Low C l. SsesBeginning this week we ': -vtj:iall Hanan and Nettleton Oxfords, a.sall ladies' pumps and Oxfords.We have a great many white shoesand pumps in Nubuck and canva3 thatwill be greatly reduced. These willbe for cash only.GEO. MrWlJ.VAMS.' - -" JIndian Looses His Second Game.Cha'rley Boniosh lost his second gamesince becoming a Bourbonite whenon yesterday afternoon Paris was defeated by the Pioneers bv a score of 3to 1. ine contest was a neree struggleagainst the almost invincible Black,who accomplished his eighth cunsecutive victory by winning yesterday.Boniosh showed marked improvement in his Ditching since his firstI iU T l.. lr,- Igame aainst tnu ljuwumKcia matweek and but for the lack of control inthe opening session there might havebeen a different story to reUte. Thefact that the game was lost is no discredit to the ability of the Indian, whoafter the first frame made a startlingdisplay of class.The loss of the game was entirelydue to the inability of the locals toconnect with Black and on several occasions, hits which would have counted luns were not forth coming. Withthe exception of one inning the localsplayed brilliantly behind Boniosh, whokept his hit3 well scattered until theninth when three were registeredagainst him but a neat double retiredthe side without a run.The game was replete with fustfielding .plays and a total of fourdoubles went down on the records, twos to eacn side.8 The "isitors counted two runs inthe first whenMurry walked, was advanced by Baird and scored on Munn'sdouble.- Munn scored on Lake's driveto center. Two errors in the fourthcoupled with two hits gave tne visitors their last run.Paris counted their only run in thethird. Harrell was safe on 0'Connellserror, went to third on Goodman's sacrifice and scored v when Mullenkampsingled to right.Paris will go to Mt. Sterling todayfor two games with t ie Orphans andwill be at home the remainder of theweek with Maysville.Paris dropped a couple of games tothe Lawmakers Friday afternoon atWhite J?ark, the first game being wonby the close score of 5 to 4 and! thelatter, an air-tight affair, was won by ascore of 3 to 0.In the first game Bonish, theiChippewa Indian pitcher, officiated, and hiswork on this occasion was very creditable, and pleasing to the fans. Applegate was on the mound in the secondgame, but showed poor form, whileWeitzel allowed the locals but threehits.Saturday afternoon, for the secondtime in three days, Jimmy Ilauserpitchedjio victory the local team overthe Lawmakers, by a'score of 5 to 2.Cornell was very effective in the earlystages,but his curves soon came to theliking of the Bourbonites. who wastedfew of their safe drives, practicallyall of their hits counting for runs.After the fifth inning Hauser held thevisitors without another score.The game Sunday afternoon between Paris and the Colts, in Lexington, was won by the latter, the scorebeing 13 to 5. Harold essayed topitch for Paris, but was taken out inthe seventh inning. Ludwig was sentto the mound, and his wildness in thetwo last frames gave the Colts thegame by a large margin.Scott County Fair.The News acknowledges receipt ofa complimentary ticket to the ScottCounty Fair which "will be held inGeorgetown, July 30 to August 3, inclusive. This fair is one of the bestand oldest in the state having a liberal premium list, and. for the five daysof the fair will have special free atattractions. Refrigerators; Lawn and PorchFurniture.See my immense stock of refrigerators ; everv size and of best makes.My assortment of lawn porch furniture is unequaled.h A splendid line of rugs, carpets andwall paper to select from.Call and lock them o er. Pricesmost reasonable.J. T. HIN10N.Wanted.Board in private home for man andwife. Call at Hotel Fordham.R. E. HOLMES.Insurance Loss Paid.Mr. C. S. Snyder, manager of theHenry Clay Fire Insurance Company,was in the city Saturday and paidMr. Ford Baeht and his tenants,$1,020 for theit damage to their growing crop of tobacco by hail. The settlement was very satisfactory to theinsured. The company is representedin Paris by Thomas & Woodford.Fire Destroys Blacksmith Shop.Fire which originated from a spontaneous combustion almost completely destroyed a blacksmith shop adjoining the plant of the Paris Manufacturing Co., on South Main streeton Friday night about 12 o'clock.The fire started in the repair room atthe northern end of the building.The blacksmith shop was "operated byMr. J. W. Bramblett, suffered the total loss of all his tools and furnishings. The building was owned byEdwards & Higgins, who carried noinsurance. It was with difficulty theflames wTere prevented from spreading to the large planing mill and alsoto che oil tanks of the Indian Refining Co. , which are located a shortdistance to the rear of the buildingburned.Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.MATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was issued yesterday t- Mr. Steve Johnson and MissMamie Hill.FOR SALEValuable City Property.X have several pieces of good properly for sale. Eithsr my cottage orresidence on- Mt. Airy Avenue ori, her piece of myMaia fc.-eet prop-: rly is on the market. Some part or-1 of it must be sold at once. All infirst-class repair and occupied by goodtenants. Anyone desiring city property as an investment win do well tocall on me at once.16-tf MRS. M. A4 PAT03T.DEATHS.COONS.Mr. John "David Coons, 32 yearsold, died Friday at midnight at thehome of his aunt. Miss Nannie' Keller,on" Main street, after a lingering illness with tuberculosis. Mr. Coonswas'stricken with this disease several Jyeavs ago and went West, hoping tofbe benefitted, but returned home,where he has. made a brave fight forlife, and did not give up until a fewweeks ago.He was an orphan and made hishome with his aunts. Misss Nannieand Maggie KeIler. He is survivedby one brother, Mr. James Coons, whois baggagemaster at the Louisville andNashville passenger depot.Mr. Coons held the position ofmanager of the Postal TelegraphCompany's office until forced by declining health to abandon his work.The funeral was held at the CatholicChurch yesterday morning ai 9 o'clock.Services were conducted by Rev. Father O'Dwyer. Burial in the Catholiccemetery. The nail-bearers were :Mesars. T. F. Roche, Harry Kerslake,Joseph Varden, John McCarthy.George Browner and John McDermott.KUSTER.Mr. John R. Kuster. aged 23years, died at the residence of hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. John R. Kuster,near Jackonville. Friday moring about9 o'clock. Mr. Kuster had been ill forseveral .weekswith typhoid fever. Heis survived by his parents, two brothers, Mesrss. Dewey and TneodoreKuster, and ' five sisters, MissesMintie, Amelia, Mary and LydiaKuster, all of Bourbon county. Thefuneral services were held at the Mt.Carmel church. Sundav morning at10 :30 o'clock, by Elder B. C. Dewiese.of Lexington, and Elder J. R. Jones, ofCynlhiana. Burial took place in theParis cemetery. The pall-bearerswcra: Jchn R. Ewalt, Samuel Arnold,Bailey Faul'cner, Mike T. David, JohnRankin and Richard Biddle.HUKILL.Mr. Thomas'Hukill. aged 67 years,died at his home" in Danville Saturdaynight. He had been an invalid for anumber of years. The body was takento Lexington yesteiday afternoon,where funeral services over the remains were held at the grave in theLexington cemetery by Rev. ThomasWellingham.Mr. Hukill was a brother of Mr.Wm Hukill, Sr, of this city, who wentto Lexington yesterday to attend thefuneral.BAKER.William Donald, the 14-months-oldson of Mr. and Mrs. Grover Baker,of Cincinnati, O., died at the home ofMr. Henry Meade, ;m Nineteenthstreet, after a brief illness. Mrs.Baker has been a guest at the homeof Mr. and Mrs. Meade for severalweeks, whiie her husband is in HotSprings for the benefit of his health.The funeral will be held at the gravein the Paris cemetery this afternoon,conducted by Rev, W. E. Ellis, of theChristian church.BROOMHALL.Mr. A. R. Broomhall died suddenly Friday morning about 6:30 o'clock,at his residence on Houston avenue.For some months Mr. Broomhall hadbeen suffering from infl amatory rheumatism, but the immediate cause ofhis death was endocarditis. Mr.Broomhall, who was aged about 42years, has for some time been a sufferer from rheumatism and only recently returned from Hot Springs,Aik., with the hope of securing relief.While there he consulted a physicianwho advised that his condition wasmore serious than was first anticipated as the disease had been allowed torun too long without treatment.Since his return home he has beenconfined to his home. Until a fewmonths ago he -was a valued employeof the firm of Lowry & Talbott. Several times he has been able to go tothe store, but was unable to resumehis duties. He was an expert tinnerand furnace man and had been in theemploy of the firm for fifteen years.He is suryived by his wife and twosons, Frank, aged fifteen, and Ralph,aged ten years. Brief funeral services were held -at the residence Fri'day evening at seven o'clock, conducted by Rev. E. M. Lightfoot, of theBaptist church, and the body wastaken Suturdaj morning on the 5 :30train to Mt. Orat, Brown county,jOhio, his former home, for burial.jThebocy was accompanied by Mrs.: Broomhall, her mother, Mrs. Altman,I his sister and brother-in-law, Mr. andMrs. Frank Walker, and two sons.For Friday OnlyTable Tumblers,, purest thinlead blown glass, each 3c.Genuine Sunburst Cut GlassTumblers, all brilliantly finishedstar cutting, each 9c.Colonial Glass Ice Tea Tumblers, each 8c.Silver Berry Spoons, each 25c.Frying Pans, small size, each5c.Steel Griddles, only 10c.Perforated Cake Turners, 5c.Embroidery Hoops, all sizes,a pair 3c.A 10c package envelopes," purelinen for 5c.Sanitary-Drinking Cups, perdozen 5c.Mason Fruit Jars, with porcelain caps, including rubberrings, per dozen, 49c.Shipping Tags, per hundred,10c. ,Wood Butter Bowls, 5c.Butter Jars with cover, 3 lb.size 10c.Highest Grade Sewing MachineOil 8c.Jardinere and Pedestal, 8 nchsize for-25c. ' t ,V - f 1, IFiscal LCourt Favors TractorTrailers.With a view of establishing aneconomical system of road building toimDrove the condition of the roads ofBourbon county at a cost much lessthan that which is reauired by bids,the Bourbon Fiscal Court at a specialmeetincr held FrJrlnv rii'snnari ,t,question of buying road machinerywith which the county will build itsown turnpikes.At the meeting Squires J. J. Redmon, J. N Shropshire and E. P.Thomason, who were appointed a committee to investigate the workings ofroad building machinery, and whorecently returned from a trip of inspection to Columbus. 0., made theirreport, which was to the effect thatthe committee was greatly irnDressedwith the iron wagon trailer system forhauling rock, and while no decisionwas reached it is probable the reportof the committee will be accepted andin the future the court will ask forDids upon twelve wagons and a tractionengine.. J1 s. SlJ tne system saves about onethud in hauling, as one of the ironwagons will hold as much as three ortour two-horse wagons of the ordinarytyP.J-ne system as it is pnmloyedefiectively mother places, is to" have. Kuua . auine rocK crusher beingloaded, while the traction .enginemakes atnp with the remainder andupon its return the other six are loaded. By this method of operation it isclaimed.a rock crusher "is never delayed by the absence of wagons andthe vehicles are easily unloaded.tfourbon county already owns a number of good rock quarries while manyothers have been onened on leasedgjounu at an annual rental. It hasbeen sugested that the county huyground for rock quarries in differentsections of the countv and at point3that could be worked to advantage.BIRTHS.Bom, Sunday morning, to thewife of Mr. Harry Ogle, a son.Bom, in this city Friday morningto the wife of Mr. Henry J. Santen, adaughter Marv Josephine.Motor to Crab Orchard.Messrs. Owen Gibson, Clyde Calvert, Mitchell Jackson and A. F.Freindberc. composed a party thatwent toCrab Orchard Sunday. Thetrip was'made on their motor cyclesandf without an accident,Specials.During the Clean Sweep Sale 15ccans Colgate's Talcum Powder for lie. ;25c cans for 19c.SIMON DEPT. STORE.NoUoe Io CoiitriBteSealed bids will ba received by theBoard of Trustees of th W. W. Massie Hospital in Paris, Ky., in accordance with the plans and specificationsof H. L. Rowe, Architect, of Lexington, Ky. The plans and specificationsfGr this work can be seen either at theoffice f the Architect or at the office ofthe First National Bank of Paris, Ky.,by July 16th, 1912.All bids must be addressed to theBoard of Trustees of the new hospital,and must be sent by mail to Mrs. W.E. Simms, of Paris, Ky,. and said bidsi must be in the hands of Mrs. W. E.j Simms not later than 10 a. m. July 27,! 1912, after whiVh time and date no additionalbids will be considered, and re' ceived. "! All bids must be accompanied by acertified check, equal in amount of fiveper cent of the bids, and same must bemade payable to Mrs. E. F. Clay ofParis, Ky,. same to be guaranteed thatthe builder within three days, willenter into a contract witn the board ofTrustees in accordance with his bidand give a good and suciffient bond forthe faithful execution of same.Bids will be received for the workcomplete in all of its details whh theexception of the electrical work,plumping, heating, elevator ana dumbwaiter.'for these last five items, separate bids will be asked for. All general contractors must make a separateitem of cost .of. the colored departmentand its completion.The board of trustees reserve theright to reject any or all bids.By order of the Board of Trustees.. , . g MRS. E. F. CLAY,Z7Z:-.-. Id MRS. W. E. SIMMS.TrnerocBH. L. ROWS,.i.4ej J.1UJH..0.Architect, Lexington, Ky.Sealed bids will be received for theerection of the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse, on Saturday, July 20, at 10 a.m., at the office of Doon & Denton,1520 Mam street, Paris, Kv. Bidawill be taken separately or as a whole.. Plans and specifications can be foundat the above named office. Right reseived to reioct anv and all bids.S. K. NICHOLS,General Manager.16-2t Paris. Ky.For Sale," A nice lot of home-grown piurri3.Wholesale or retail. Verv nice for cannine. Call over E. T. Phone No. 29,Ruddles Mills Ex.C. L. ROUGH.16-4t Pari-?, Ky:"Notice. "BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.David Hickman's Administrator.PlaintiffVs. Notice.His Heirs, - DefendantsAll person holding claims againsttie estate of David Hickman, deceased, are hereby noiified to Dresent thesame, Droven, as required by law, tone at my office at the cnurt hou?e. inParis, Bourbon county, Kprtucky.All claims not present- d ly September 1 1912. will be barred.C. A. MCMILLAN, M. C. B. C. C.v--n.- "$t yC;v. ,jt.'s.4i i III iwwiwihwiVTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 12, 1912fllL BOURBON NEWS..PrMW6)y4$ALWAYS HAS TKC BE:OF EVCRYTHtNGDEMOCRATIC TICKET.For President,HON WOODROW WILSON,of New Jersey.For Vice-President,HON. THOS. R. MARSHALL,of Indiana.For Congress,HON. J. CAMPBELL CANTRILL,of Scott county.Mattings and Rugs.Another lot of 9 feet by 12Reversible Matting Rugs, 3.45.3 fees by 6 feet, 45 cents.Also 11 feet 8 inches by 9feetfeet,Rugs,stenciled on one side. Matting$2.35.On sale now.12jjy-tf. J. T. HINTON.Wanted.White man for delivery work.THE FAIR.Aged Negro Dead." Albert Williams.aged about 75 years,a highly respected colored man residing in Claysville, died at his homeSunday afternoon after a protractedillness.Baring Sale.S3, S10 and $12 lingerie dresses at$4.98 during the Clean Sween Saie.SIMON'S DEPTSTORE.Cut Prices on Oxfords.Walkover Oxfords at cut priceswhile the Clearance Sale is on at DanCohen's, Paris' greatest shoe store.Clean Sween Sale.87.50 linen coats at $3.98 durintheClean Sween Sale.SIMONS' DEPT. STOKEParis Attorney Chosen.At. the meeting of the KentuckyBar Association, held in Louisvillelast Thursday, Judge Denis Dundon,of Paris, was chosen as a vice-presidentof the Association for this Appellate court district. Judge RobertH. Winn, of Mt. Sterling, was'chosenas President of the Association.Refrigerators.New iceberg Refrigerators $6.75upto $25 00.16-tf A. F. WHEELER & CO.Mow Going On.The greatest shoe sale is now goingon at Dan Cohen's Paris' greatest shoestore.A Rarain.. , n i:f wt r-nrdnm Bkirt !at 95c during the Clean Sweep Sale.?i.uu iiuum-jr "-.- -w- .rSIMONS' DEPT. STUKtt.Call to Beneficiaries.John T. Collins, C. M. ThomasE. M. Dickson, commissicnerEDfGarth Fund, have issued a call torpresent beneficiaries to meet incoutr house on Thursday, July 18,examination and new applicantsbe considered on Fridav, July 19.o'clock at the same place.andthe!the 'the jforiwill iat 9 .Clothes to Suit the Weather.Cool shirts, underwear, hosierv,trousers and suits of the very lightestweisrhts.J. W. DAVIS &CO.Are You Going Away?Come in and look over our line oftraveling goodsgood traveling goodsof all kinds.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Appraisers Make Report.Messrs. John T. Collins, Thos. J.Judy and W. S. Jones, appointed bythe county court as appraisers of thelate Edward Rice, of North Middle-;town, have returned un inventory ac- jcording to which the deceased leftpersonal property amounting to $3G,-674.40 and which consists of stock inths banks of Paris, 2sorth Micicuetown, Carlisle, Winchester and Louisfie, also other stocks, bonds, growing crops and mortgage notes. Inaddition to his personal estate he lefta lag tract of land lying in andaround North MiddletownTailored Skirts.Ladies $6.50 and S8.50 tailoredsk'rts during the Glean Sweep Sale$3.'9S ; 10 and 12 tailored skirts atgg crj' ' SIMONS' DEPT.STORE.Slue Serge Suits at $20.The ideal hot weather clothes.Others at $15 to $30.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Son of Ex-Parisian a Hustler.The Winchester Democrat containsthe following of a con ot an exParisian :"Mr. Fe.lix Renick. son of Hon. AbeRenick, although but fifteen years ofcge is a marvel as a business youngman. He will begin with his newthreshing outfit today and will runthrough the season as owner andmanager of the concern, also bookkeeper and general overseer. He ishohiw the onlv lad in the countrywho has the nerve to tackle such a bigbusiness proposition all alone, where alarge force of men are handled andother business complications 'arise,which requires a good business head.v Regardless of Cost.During the Clean bweep Saleallhale are tojbe closed out regardless of-cost, as we never carry over stock mtbis department.k SIMON'S DEPT. STORE' ss(1PERSONAL MENTION.Miss Lillian Dejarnstt is visitingfriends in Mt. Sterling.Miss Lola Gray has returned froma'visit to friends in Cincinnati.Dr. and Mrs. J. H. Comer spentSunday with relatives in Versailles.Mrs. J. C. Elgin is the guest ufMrs. H. T. Hopkins, in Sharpsburg.Miss Katherine Thompson has returnd home from a visit to friends inMt. Sterling.Miss Mabel Templin is visiting hersister, "Mrs. Edward Faulkner, inCannel City.Miss Flurence Wilson will leaveto-day for a three-weeks' stay atSwango Springs.Mr. E. H. Price, of Huntington,W. Va.. arrived lastjiight for a visitto friends in this city.Mrs.'W. K. Griffith, of Cynthiana,is the guest'ot her daughter, Mrs. J. T.Sharrard. in this city.Mrs. CarTWilmoth will entertainat cards on Friday morning, for Mrs.Lynn Moore, of Detroit.Mr. Russell Doty, of Dayton, 0.,is the guest of his patents, Mr. andMrs. James Duty, in this city.Mrs. Rudolph Gutt, of Cincinnati,is a guest of her parents, Mr. andMrs. Jeese Napier, m this city.Misses LaRue will entertain withsewing party and luncheon, on Thurbdaj , at; their beautiful country home.Mr. and Mrs. H. P. Mann have returned to their home in Carlisle, aftera visit to Mrs. Curtis Henry" in thiscitv.Mr. and Mrs. Duncan Ball left afew days ago for a trip through theWest and to visit Yellowstone NationalPark.Mrs. Reuben Goldstein and son,Elmer, and Mi?s Freda Schurr. of Cincinnati, are guests of Mrs. HarrySimon.Mr. H. Palmer Shropshire leftSundav evening for New York uitv.after spending a few days with hissisters."Ladv Limestone, a fine breedingjennet belonging to Isaac Tevis. ofBovle county, was killed by lightninglast week.Misses Nellie Whaley and JennieMiller are at Richmond where they aretaking a special course in the EasternKentucky Normal School.Mr. John H. Kiley, of Covington,snent Sunday with J his mother. Mrs.E. C. Kiley. He was accompanied byhis son, Master John Albert, who willremain for a summer vacation with hisgrandmother.Mr. and Mrs. J as. M. Hall, Dr.and Mrs. Frank Fithian, Mr. and Mrs.C. N. Fithian. Col. and Mrs. C. M.Clay and Mr. and Mrs. Jas. H.Thompson composed a party thatmotored to Camp Daniel Boone. Sunday. Mr. George Ashurst underwent anoperation at his home on Pleasantstreet Sunday and his condition is re-carded as serious. Mr. Ashurst hasbeen in declininglhealth for some tim.His. friends and relatives arn vprvapprehensive over.his condition.L. V. Harkness, the New Yorkmillionaire ,'curchased of;John M. andmillionaire.purchased of;John M. and ; peopie. An extra inducement to enUarrett Jones and Campbell Marshall i courage tobacco raising. We will sell650 acres of Scott county land, which these lands in tracts of eighty'acreswill be added to his1A hitn VnlnhiiMIMJILC OUJUIJUlStock Farm. There are now about1,500 acres in the Harkness farm. Theprice paid was reportpd to be 65 peracre.Mrs. Henry Clay has returnedfrom a visit to herfather, Capt. HarryBedford, who resides with his daughter,' MrsDaniel Shawhan, at'Ashland.Capt. Bedford is in his eighty-sixthyear and is the only surviving soldierof the Mexican War who went fromBourbon county. At the outbreak ofthe civil war he organized a companyand enlisted in the Confederate service, serving under Gen. John H.Morgan. He is enjoying the best ofLhealth and made many inquiries concerning his comrades and friends inBourbon.Mrs. J. S. Roberts entertained!with a brilliant 'reception Fridayafternoon at her elegant country home"Glen Iris" near this city. The event)was one of the most notable inBourbcn tsocial circles. The guests were given ja cordial greeting bv Mr, Hoberts and jMr, Ferguson on the veranda. and were jmet at the door by Miss Margaret'Ferguson, the attractive young daughter ot the household, and Miss MarianAlexander. Mrs. Roberts received hereruests in the'parlor, assisted by Mrs.Jos.M. Hall, Mrs. Frederick Wallisand "Mrs. George Alexander. Mrs.Roberts was beautiful in a white lacedress with a green tunic. Mrs. Hallwas queenly in white with black velvet trimming. Mrs. Wallis wore anexquisite robe of flowered tissue overcream satin, and Mrs. Alexander wasin white lace.The beautiful rooms were adornedwith growing plants and a profusionof garden flowers in baskets, bowlsand vases. Frappe was served froman elegantly appointed table by MissesOllie Butler and Bess Holladay. Adelicious salad course was served inthe dining room. The tab'e was coverpH with lace mats, and in the centerwas a laree basket of while hydrangeablooms and toliage. the nign handletied with a white tulle bow. Silverdishes of nuta and green and whitemints were placed on the table. As-QiBtino-in tha dininc room Were MissesNancy Anderson, Georgetown, Alice IRogers Clay, Eliazbeth Uay Alexander. Mrs. Wililam Ferguson andMrs. James Ferguson. Uthers whoassisted Mrs. Roberts m entertainingwere Mrs. Sidney G. Clay. Mrs. EarlFerguson and Mrs.. Ray Taylor.A violininst and pianist renderedbeautiful music throughout the afternoon hours, on the porch.Among the guests. from a distancewere: Mrs. Lenox Robe, of NewJersey; Mrs. Henry Jones and Mrs.David Gay, ot Clark county ; Mrs.Frank Larue, of Texas; Mrs. LinnMoore.o Detroit, Mich. ; Mrs.Trewitt,Mrs. Kinzea Stune, Mrs. Hnry Craig,Mrs. Downing and Miss Green, ofGeorgetown.Mr. R. F. Clendedin left yesterday for Milwaukee, Wis., and St.Paul, Minn., to spend several weeks.Mrs. Amelia Barclay returnedyesterdav after a visit to relatives inChicago.Mr. Harry Collins, of Davton, 0.,is visiting his parents, Mr. and Mrs.H. M. Collins, in this city.Dr. B. E. Bean, of North Middletown, is ati Lexington hospital undertreatment. His condition is critical.Mis. Rose Lowry, of Columbia,Tenn, will arrive today to be a guestof Mrs. Clifton Arnsparger for severaldays.Misses Lizzie Lenihan and AnnaFarrell, of the faculty of the ParisPublic Scools, have gone to Knoxville,Tenn.. to remain several weeks.Mrs C TT "Harris nnrl rinnehter.Miss Vertha Harris, of Chattanooga,are visiting Mr. and Mrs. L. D. Harris, and to her friends.Mr. and Mrs. Thomas J. Redmonand Mrs. Bennett Tarr and daughter,Miss Elizabeth, have returned from avibit to Mr. and Mrs. CharlesGeffiuger, in Harrodsburg.For Sale.Kitchen Cabinets $9.50 up to 27.50.16-tf. A. F. WHEELER & CO.Prof. Sharon Gets Position.Prof. J. A. Sharon, of Richmond,who has been connected vvith theState Normal School in that city, hasbeen elected as Superintendent ofthe 'Newport Public Schools. Prof.Sharon was Superintendent of thePublic Schools in this city and is oneof the best known educators in Kentucky. His work here attracted theattention of officials of the EasternState Normal School at Richmond.He accepted a position as instructorat the latter school and has giveneminent satisfaction.Refrigerators.Get the new Iceberg Refrigerator.Sold by16-tf A. F. WHEELER & CO.Broken Sizes.One lot of broken sizes of WarnerRust Proof Corsets, regular S1.50, $2,$2.50 and $3 corsets during the CleanSweep Sale at 98c.SIMON DEPT. STORE.Sarth Fund Examination,The present beneficiaries of theGarth Fund aie requtsted to meet theundersigned commisioners, for examination, in the basement of the courthouse in Paris, Ky., on Thursday, Julv18. at 9 o'clock a. in., and you willbring with vou the text books usedduring the paBt year and your reportsof expenditures with the receipts.All new apnlicants for the fund willmeet th1 commissioners on rriday.July 19. at 9 o'clock a.: hi., at thesame nlace.JOHN T. COLLINS,CLAUDE M. THOMAS,E VI ME IT M. DICKSON.Commissioners.Tobacco Farmers, OpportunityVery productive and fertile Tobaccolnnrls. "free from stone, excellentI water, climatic and healty conditions;with finest automobile roads in theSouth. Near city of fifteen thousandJ ,-.-. 4- fi.nm U M (HI Td NT' 1 1 11 1. - i Arv aann af. tvnm M2.UU LO azu.uu utJi ctcie,nnvn'Wp fpii nfiv cent cash and tenyears on balance if necessary, withsix per cent interest on deferred pay-i.ients. Address' NATCHE3 DISTRICT DEVEJ.OP' MENT LEAGUE, Natchez, Miss. j!(12jy-lm) la'tyif JiTf "" rjT,,a'f3 im BinrPBPDwaiCTM ctiifcpJor! A desirable 4-room flat for rent on jsecond floor.over C. P. Cook's grocery, ion Main street, between Seventh andi Eighth ; bath room and other conven! iences. Possession at once. Apnly to!J. T HIinTON. !Both Phones 36.: , jRams For Sale.I have for sale pure bred Southdown 'Rams and. Ewes thai are extra good. !A. S. THOMPSON. ,E. T. phone 192, t12jly 4t-Fri. (residence)..JVlarayYears9ExperienceWith a reputation based upontwenty-five years of . successfulbanking experience theTheBourbon Bank andTrust Co.Paris, Kentucky,Ihas amended its charter so as tobe able to act as Kxecutor or Administrator of Estatesas Guardianor Trustee and any other fiduciarycapacity.With ample capital and surplusand long experience, its TrustDepartment is eminently qualifiedto render efficient service.Bourbon Bank & Trust Co.,Paris, Ky.Capital and Surplus $146,000.t)03 per cent, paid on Time DepositsIICan OnTy Collect i License.Attorney General Garnett gave J.Quincy Ward, Executive Asrent of tneFish and Game Commission an oninionin which he held that county cleiks areonly authorized to collect $1 for eachhunter's license issued undtr the Fishand Game Law passed by the lastGeneral Assemblv. Out of this $1 thecounty clerk shall retain fifteen centsfor his services, which shall cover theswearing of tno apDlicant to theaffidavit and all other services. TheState is not entitled to a tax tor theseal which goes on every license.Copies of this opinion are being senttne county clerks by Mr. Ward.Refrigerators.Get the new Iceberg refrigeratorsold bytf A. F. WHEELER & CO.Big Deal In Honey.Mr. John Sauer. the grocer, has justmade one of the largest purchases offresh honey ever known in Paris Heyesterday received 1,000 pounds in thecomb SpeciaLprices will be made tohis customers 'who want to buy aquantity. - i2-2trTAKE AWITH YOUDAUGHERTYKODAKas! armmtMwrWUMJtXUJ.UaaBBBPWWV. ;$e .v JJ9ea rami:-W. Ed,AH Summer Goods NowOn Sale at Greatly Reduced Prices. "..'.W hid iip,lrpiAI MIMMIIM mijr'l Fee's Special I1G lbs. Standard Granulated SugarChase & Sauborne Special Coffee, per lbC. & S. Bonta, Tea (G. P.) per 1-2 lb. . . .C. & S, Nassac Tea (G. P.) per 1-2 lb. . . .m Quart Mason Jars, per dozPint Mason Jars, per dozj fg Jell 'O Ice Cream Powder, box 1 0c, M 3 lb, Can Golden State Peaches, each 15c3 lb. Can Golden State Apricots, each 15cStone's Wrapped Cakes.Raisin, Mephisto, SilverSlice, Golden Sun Beamand Sliced, each , 1 OcByl MFee's Grocery Co.c7Ve iiisi. iroxtair me a neur kieAen ealine,v...- . .. ,kxnd now ii'xS j.iJ fxiri o g.e a dinner reacly. c9 .neAeA knew us,fx.a a eo nven Lenee a klefien ect&Lr'ney xtas uni q$ g.o mine.c9-i fp-a. havenJ Iro-aah one fe., Jb all meanA,do so a once, 2oxt'ii 6 axre enoxiah. fiAom hfiinasvou uroiild ura&e, in jus Q- few monhs, o ayj.oA i; and i uti'ii Jave yoxt A.xmclAeclS of Aefisey.eAv day. c3 uo-aldn' ake anyhina foA mine.foaqi John i& aeinf LeeA.VoiiA old fAiend,jCo-vl.(P. S.-c7hev have Aplendid kiehnn a&ineA ureretJba-aah mine. cS g.o i from .T. T. Hinton4rMb.BllIgfiiTucker$1.00...30c...35c...40c...59c...49c,,JwnanmKy-,:jtmas.si- ' ,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 1 6, 1 91 2i &t-iif - &r t.?ii !'ii , ikHIiM'h6r4HHniItIf'P)fii!iJ if! !M 13MlwtIiMHiiRv 9J.ii ftProfessional CardsJ J. WILLIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.loom 1 Elks Buildine.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street. .I E T 136Office Phones Homel3'G. , a ( E. T. 3.34.Residence j Home 334.DR. A. tl KELIER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and o, Elk's Bld'gParis, - - - KentuckyHot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on the.trade. No long waits. You are next.Ji - M. A. KAHAL."Drink SPARKLINGRE6. sHealthful and RefreshingK At ail Founts and?KJLr in Bottles. tJLfBottled ByPARIS BOTTLING COAUTO FOR HIRESpecial attention given toparties desiring to hire automobiles. Call on us forpricesTRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Livery, Feed and Sales Stable.Eighth Street Both Phones.'DR. DOLLE'SMESSAGE TOMENYOU CAN BE CURED BYDB. C. L. DOLLE.Why Take' Treatment That Is Doing Ton3Co Good, "When a Few Days under the careof Dr. Dolle "Will Show You How Easy ItIs to Cure These Diseases "When the ProperTreatment Is Administered.' Have you treated for months and years, and"been disappointed until you think that you cannot be cured ? You, no doubt, all this time have"been treated by inexperienced doctors who hadneither sufficient knowledge nor experience toknow how to cure you.These are the diseases of which I havecured so many, justly jriving mo the reputation for cures of which I am so proud.fc Blood Diseases, Skin Diseases' I will give you treatment that will in a fewdays cure all rash, spots and every sign andsymptom. My treatment gets the poison out of.the system instead of driving it in like ordinarytreatments. I cure blood diseases and skin disease so they cannot come back.Varicocele," causing aching or pain ingroin or back, Uervousness, "Weakness,Iioss of Vitality, Lack of AmbitionMy one-treatment cure is what you shouldhave and what you w.ill have to have to be curedright. Only one visit is required. I do no cutting and you suffer no pain nor trouble. Allsigns disappear in a few days.. Nervous Troubles, Lost Vitality3y combined treatment for thee troubles socommonjamong those who have become weak andTfrornout, who nave caused it by folly, dissipationand excesses, is remarkably good. No one believeshow quickly it benefits until they have taken it.It overcomes weakness, nervousness, pain in"back, lack of energy, ambition and strength it'sjust the treatment I have found so effective intreating such diseases.i Kidney and Bladder TroublesEre scientifically cured by me. My methods immediately benefit you, and the majority of casesI cure come from physicians and specialists whofailed.Difoc Pfcffila I can cure you sorl 1 CS , r IS LU 1 ae quickly and easilythat you will be surprised. I will give you justthe result and cure you are looking for withouta surgical operation.Arfllte niPJCiOC Itching. BurningAtULC JLHCa&CS strong drug storeTemediee seldom cure. My treatment stops everysymptom and cures in a few days. It is scientificthat's the only sure way to be cured so it willnot come back.Tea cast take Hiy Treatment without aeat tad pay me after I cure yen. I knowtk&t I can give you new life, new hope, and canrestore you back to health and happiness. Iksow that every man will pay after I have elimia&ted every trace of disease from his system.Microscopical and analytical urinalysis FREE.I bare writeen a book that ought to be in thehands of every suffering man in this country. Iwill seed you a copy, free, if you will write me atemot the disease for which you desire treatement,Kobts, 9 to 4 : Sundays, 9 to 1 p. m. Evenings,f to 8. on Monday .Wednesday ana Saturday nightsC. L. DOLLE, M. D.Orsr Columbia Theater 5S5 Walnut St, between) -Flit ad Sixth Streets.Ofltot asy to fiat, as all tfcat is necessary is toask lor the Columbia Theater, .and any one cam,taM ye this.TEPSOL, rM'" r t mpm m mati miB H. n Hfe fe IFat E lt WHelpmeet of Oregonian ShowsHow It Is Done.Mrs. Nellie Brewster Arrests Runaway and Brings His WaitressFriend to Prison So She CanSee Him Incarcerated.Portland, Ore. "Here's a man forwhom for two weeks you've had awarrant for non-support. Put him injail," commanded Mrs. Nellie Brewster, marching Into the sheriff's officewith her husband, Ben Brewster, intow. "I found him mighty quick whenI made up my mind to go after himmyself."Brewster was taken to the seventhfloor of the courthouse and locked up.As soon as she had satisfied herselfthat he was safely incarcerated Mrs.Brewster turned on her heel andwalked down town again. She wentdirectly to a restaurant in which isemployed the young woman shecharges "with having stolen her hus-band's affections."Put on your hat and come withme. I want to show you where I putyour sweetheart," the wife ordered.The waitress protested, but all mvain. Mrs. Brewster threatened tomake a scene in the establishmentand the waitress, fearful of losing herjob, went along. Tip to the courthouse they traveled and straight tothe seventh floor."Look at him. He's there in jail.I just brought you up so that youwould know first hand where he wasand not miss him tonight," Mrs.Brewster flung in the teeth of herrival. "He's ruined my life, but heis the father of my two babies. Yousay he has ruined your life. All right,you may be fooling me, but I'll takeyour word for it. You may go."Mrs. Brewster refused the requestof the waitress to be allowed to speakto the man in the case. She escorted her husband's waitress friend tothe door of the courthouse, where theyparted."On the way up from the roomwhere I found them together 'Ben'was smoking a cigarette," said Mrs.Brewster in county court when herhusband was before Judge Cleeton.i oraereu mm xo mrow it away, anuhe did it after I had told him that hewas breaking the hearts of his fatherand mother and that he had no respect for them or for me. I said:'Ben, maybe this will be the last twoblocks you will ever walk with me inyour life, but you're going to respectme for as long as It takes us to walkIt. Throw that cigarette away.' "Judge Cleeton postponed the hearing after informing Brewster that hewould require him to put up a bondfor $500 to guarantee the payment ofeight dollars a week to his wife andbabies, the younger of whom is justfour months old."You may go back to your motherat Umatilla. There is no necessityof your staying and adding to yourexpense. Your husband Iks practically pleaded guilty," the judge said toMrs. Brewster."No, sir; J am going to stay hereand see this thing through. I wantto make sure that it is done right. Iwant to teach him a lesson that he'llremember for the rest of his life. Ipromised his mother that I would al -ways do my best to kep him straight,"returned the woman."uet a divorce irom him? Andgive him a chance to marry that othergirl and probably go to the devil entirely? I should say not," Mrs. Brewster said in answer to a question."He can't get. a divorce from me, andI won't give him the satisfaction ofgetting one from him. Besides, I donot believe in divorce.""JOKE" WAS ALMOST FATALMan Telephoned to Mother of Brothers Arrest for Murder andShe Swooned.Atlantic City, N. J. As the resultof a. practical joke played over thetelephone by her son, Mrs. Yetta Nathanson, 228 North Connecticut avenue, fell unconscious. Medical attention was hurriedly procured, as shewas at first thought to be dying fromheart failure, but she was revived.Mrs. Nathanson called up her son,John J. Nathanson, a merchant, toask the cause of the delay of hisyounger brother, employed by him asa driver, in arriving home. Nathanson saw an oportunity of perpetratinga "joke" upon his mother, and proceeded to tell her that the young manhad murdered a man and was arrested, but was interrupted in his bloodcurdling tale by a choking sound, followed by the crash, of his mother'sbody as she fell unconscious.The fall was also heard ;by inmatesof Mrs. Nathanson's home and theyrushed to her aid."Peeper" Caught by Girl.De Beque, Colo. Pearl Hoppel, 18years old, is a heroine of De Beque asthe result of her single handed capture of Frank. E. Lynch, a hobo whomshe found peeping in her bedroomwindow recently. Miss Hoppel wasabout to disrobe when she caught aglimpse of a face at the window.She coolly stepped into the nextroom, secured her father's revolver,and went out the back door. Goingaround the house, she found the trampstill on his knees under the window.She compelled him to rise, and, covering him with the revolver, marchedhim to the residence oflCity MarshalMason, who placed him in jail.STREAMS TO GET FGOVERNMENT WILL PROBABLYNOW GIVE KENTUCKYHER QUOTA.New Game Law Will Give ProtectionRequired and Three TrainsAre Expected.Frankfort. The first benefit of thenew fish and game law is expected tobe the restocking of Kentucky streamswith fish by the government. Executive Agent J. Quincy Ward and W. W.Longmoor are in correspondence withpeople along all the streams in thestate, collecting information as to justwhat kind of fish is wanted in eachsection. The government has neverheretofore given Kentucky her quotaof fish, because there was no protection for them; but the commissionHopes to have three trains of fish earlyin the fall for distribution.When the game wardens are chosenthe merit system will' be applied, anda half dozen or so will be retained onthe staff to be sent wherever there isparticular need of special service.These men will receive expenses andi extra compensation, and will be chosenj from among those who display espeCial aptitude for the work.Studying the Work.State Banking Commissioner Thos.J. Smith is determined to starthis new department with a degree of efficiency that will be effectivein accomplishing the purposes of thestatute under which it was created.All his force are experienced in thebanking business, having had at leastfour years' experience, and he hasobtained the consent of the Comptroller of the Currency for his examiners to accompany a national bank examiner to familiarize themselves withfiled work before beginning active operations. In the meantime the necessary blanks are being secured andthe office force is organizing for itswork.Commissioner Smith attended ameeting of the national examiners ofKentucky, Indiana and Ohio at Louisville at the invitation of Percy H.Johnston, head of the department inthese three states, and heard problems of the work discussed bv exneri-, enced men R was throllgh Mr. John.lint PnrnnleBinT10P Cmirh spmirPflpermission for his examiners to watchthe work of the national field force.New Game Law Effective.What might well be termed a Bertillon system, without the measurements of the head and arms, becameeffective in Kentucky, when the newhunter's license law went into effect.To get a license, the would-be huntermust give his age, height, weight andthe color of his hair and then he mustpay $1 for a slip of paper showingthat he has the right to hunt in thestate. The first license was issued toJoseph G. Sachs, president of the Kentucky Fish and Game Club. He beatEmil Pragoff, treasurer of the club, bya nose, getting his application in tothe State Game Warden a short timeahead ,of the treasurer.The new law requires every hunterwho wanders afield to have a license,and attaches a penalty of 50 for thetransfer of it. The money accumu-lated in this way is to be spent in the) propagation of fish and the protection'!of same of all kinds. The licensemust always be with the hunter whoj owns it.Telephone Merger.The Christian-Todd Telephone company, which was incorporated with$1,000,000 capital stock, held its annualelection of officers, as follows: President, R. E. Cooper; D. Gordon Edwards, general manager; Frank G.Hoge, secretary. Immediately following 'the election announcement wasmade that the new company wouldtake ever the properties of both the!, Cumberland Telephone & TelegraphI company and the Home Telephonej company. Physical connection be-tween the two plants will be madeand they will be run as one system.JThe company will begin business with5,000 telephones in the counties ofChristian and Todd. The organizationis said to be the beginning of a bigmerger of telephone systems in thatsection. The incorporators of the newmillion-dollar ebneern are J. M. Holleyand R. E. Hastings, of Atlanta, Ga.;R. E. Cooper and F. G. Hoge, of Hopkinsville; B. B. Petrie, of Elkton, andJ. B. Hoge, of Cleveland.New Military Company.A new company of the NationalGuard has been authorized at Carrollton by Col. Tandy Ellis, acting adjutant general. It will be mustered inas soon as the membership is complete. Maj. Woodyard has gone to Anniston, Ala., to look after arrangementsfor the reception of Kentucky troopsat the maneuver camp and to let thecontract for horses. He will returnand go down with the troops July 25.Getting Ready for Maneuvers.Plans for the movement of the entire brigade, Kentucky National Guard,to the training camp near Anniston,Ala., July 25, are rapidly' being matured by the force under Col. J. Tandy Ellis, Acting Adjutant General.With the Kentucky brigade will beencamped the Fifth Alabama, theSecond South Carolina, the Seventeenth U. S. Infantry from Ft. McPherson and the Eleventh TI. S. Cavalry from Ft. Aglethorpe. Gen. Wathersteen, TL S. A., will Tae in commandof the training camp.Must Settle School Squabbles.The Department of Education atFrankfort, which has been ovrwhelrned with communications regardingevery little school squabble in theState, has sent out a circular letterto teachers informing them that hereafter the county supeiintendents willbe expectd to handle local questions ofthat character. When the countvsuperintendent has heard both sides of,the auestion be or she may submit itto the State Superintendent of PublicInstruction at Frankfort. In ore daythe department received as high as 100emmunications from parents, teachersand trustees in regarn to squabbles inschool districts. Nearly all of themgive just one side of the issue, andSuperintendent Hamlett is unable tomake "a fair decision without hearingboth sides.Folly of Pride In Gold.He that is proud of riches is a fool.For if he be exalted above his neighbors because he hath more gold, howmuch inferior is he to a gold mine!Jeremy Taylor.During the summer months" mothersof young children should watch for anyunnatural loosaness of the bowels.When given prompt attention at thistime serious trouble may be avoided.Chamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy can always be dependedupon. For salebyfall, dealers.Labor StHI Supreme."Science has accomplished a lot ofnew things with water power and airpower, hut hasn't improved on manpower. Nothing so far, in the historyof humanity, has been discovered asan acceptable substitute for honest,steady labor. Herbert Kaufman.$100 Per Platewas paid at a banquet fto Henry Clayin New Orleans in 1842. Mighty costly for those with 'stomach trouble orindigestiun. Today people everywhereuse Dr. King's New Life Pills forthese troubles as well as liver, kidneyand bowel disordrs. Easy, safe, sure.Only 25 cents at Oberdorfer's.American Indians.The redskins now living in the UnitedSlates number 265,683, as against the237,196 of a decade ago. The directorof the census reports that 56.5 percant, of them are full-blooded Indians.There are at least three hundred thousand Indians in North America, andtheir number increasing ;they are notvanishing. Indeed ethnological experts say that the continent harborsperhaps more aborigines than in thedays before the white man came. Inthe hunting stage of civilization theland could not support many Indians.Frightful Polar Windsblow with teiriffic force at the farnorth and play havoc with the skin,causing rough, red or sore chappedhands and lips that need Bucklen'sArnica Salve to heal them. It makesthe skin soft and smooth. Unrivaledfor cold-sores, also burns, boils, ulcers,cuts, bruises and piles. Only 25 centsat Oberdorer's.Next She'll Be Bride Groom.How far is this sex equality going,anyhow? In an English paper the following ad appeared the other day:"LADY desires post as groom, thoroughly experienced in managementand care of horses, riding and driving,also in caravaning and camp life."A Hero In a Lighthouse.For years J. S. Donahue, So. Havn,Mich., a civil war captain, as a lighthouse keeper averted awful wrecks,but a queer fant is that he might havebeen a wreck himselfiffElctric Bittershad not prevented. "They cured me ofkidney troublesand chills," he writes,"after I had 'taken other so-calledcures tor years, without benefit, andthey alsofimproved my sight. ?Now. atseventy, I am feeling fine." For 'dyspepsia, indigestion, all stomach, liverand kidney troubles, they are withoutequal. Trv them. Only 50 cents LatOberdorfer's.Should Have Used Typevrlter.Sir Henry Irving's writing effectually concealed his meaning and gaveopenings to watchful men. He oncewrote a letter of instant dismissal toa subordinate, who with difficulty deciphered it, and used it as a free passto the Lyceum 'theater in London foryears.If you are a housewife you cannotreasonably hope to be healthy or beautiful by washing dishes, sweeping anddoing houswork all day, and crawlinginto bed dead tired at night. oumust get out into the open air and sunlight. If you do this every day andkeep your stomach and bowels in goodorder by taking Chamberlain's Tabletswhen needed, you should become bothhealthy and beautiful. For sale by alldealers.Turning the World Over.When Archimedes hollered "Giveme a lever and I will lift and turn theworld over," he was only prophesyingthe coming powers of our Yankee styleof advertising that is making thewhole world whirl round four or fivetimes a day where it turned only oncea year in old Chinese days.Safe Rule.Any man who writes a letter hewants burned should burn it himself.Atchison Globe.Many cures have been reported.A littlejtablet called "Digestif hasbeen found to be certain quick relieffor acute indigestion. Many caEeshave been reported where instant relief resulted from its use. Brown'sDigestit is the successful treatment forall stomach disorders. It relievesindigestion instantly and cures dyspepsia. Sold on positive guarantee50c. S5C9feaiMtfcpvi:-ir.i.Tiaf5J-'.raiv iThis 5 my" rede.I "" 'vr teY SJ. T XvWPJYKU- J ""- illB. 4i -J V- ' JIhe ?J0a WhishtBottle a nLncs-'tTZSjtri-UKJLLl OfkJrKic di r r ijt !cC7r? ! f?. Ui r c re -vr1 PARKS, KENTUCKYPOPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKYSUNDAY,?uicRoundTripIMllilMiMliZOcfir &&&$ s J S 8 13 SB laflUflkl IforKi.'iXM'XXXVOSrM. I Hi I II Mill I I MSec ".lie Famous Hlsh Erliga BTD CONCERT, Kis'fl Dodge Park, (Popular Airs.)jj Tickets so!d ai G EG RG ETOWN 2od only on Special Train teaming at 10.50 am.II Fc? Tut: Ir.fortrt:cn Call Cn Any Ticket Agent, Or AddressH. C. KcNG, Passenger and Ticket Agent,S 101 E. ItfainSt. Phono 49 LEXINGTON, KYBKrare3g?rararrag7rPublic SalelAUCTIONOFHousehold and Kitchen Furniture.As administrator of JohnB. Grimes,I will sell at his late residence onHiggins avenue, Friday July 12, 1912,at 2 o'clock p. rn., his household andkitchen furniture, cousisting of beds,carpets, chairs, dishes and cookingstove. W. A. GRIMES, Admr.of John B. Grimes, Deceased.(9-2t) M. F. Kenney, Anct.NEW BARBER - SHOP !Modern Equipment. .4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDSome Good AdviceTo the People,Don't sell your old feathers until you find out the prices, Youcan call us and we will look atyour feather, or if you live inthe counrry send us a sample. Iwill let you know what they areworth. Some old feathers if theyhave been well cared for are asgood as new. We pay marketprice for new feathers.MAX MUN1CK,8th Street, PARI?, KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 374Wanted.To get in touch immediately with ayoung man, coilsge student preterred,in connection with Four States Tourpublicity. Here's work for all summerif you want it. Address, statingqualification", ALLEN S. MOODY,224 Saks BTc'r. Indianapolis, Ind.Become Young Again.We are too busy, too encumbered,too much occupied, too active! "Wread too much! The one thing needful is to throw off all one's load olcares, and to become young again, living happily and gracefully in the present hour. "We must know how to putoccupation aside, which does not meanthat we must be idle. Mrs. HumphryWard.A ftnnr) nfiie"How could you tell that ugly girl Ishe had a complexion like peaches andcream?" "No lie about tliat. I meantyallo-w neaches and sour cream."ttfrv5yvvi7i.y n.jrTT,. 1" "r-i rharjvXs Ta..."iT s , .. X.-' a. oW ' . , ?nJuly 21BoundTripOF-iu Lois andI will offer at a public sale on thepremises in the city of Paris, Ky., onThursday, Angnst 8, 1912,at 10 o'clock a. m., the following cottages and building lots all fronting onMarshall street in Paris, Ky:Three cottages on a lot 50x84 feefefronting on Marshall street.One lot 50x84 feet fronting on Marshall street.One cottage, good cellar, cistern atdoor, with front and back porches, onIod 50x84 fronting on Marshall str'eerOne lot 50x84 feet fronting on Marshall street.The buildings are all in first classrepair and are in a very desirable locality. Close to rjublic schools andchurches. Good itreets and pavements. The property will be offered seperately and then as a whole and thehighest and best bid accented.TERMS-One-half cash with deferred payment in one year with interest at the rate of 6 per cent, perannum, or purchaser may pay all?oS-h'o MS. LUCY J. DAWSON.(9 jy 9t)EXCURSIONParis, Ky.3 toCincinnati, O,Anc3 Return.JULY 21, ' 1912,'Fare $1.50 And Return.Excursion Train leaves 7thStreet Station Returning' to Parisat 7 p. m.Tickets good only day of sale.For further information, call on crwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.A gold bracelet, between Tucker'sstore on Mam street and Eight streetto High. Finder return to undersigned and get reward.MISS MARTHA MYNES,1022 High St.Of B9UB30N P0LLTP.Y Cl'3down a chick's tiroat c--erajs. A ftw drops, in thearinkl-E wr.fer ceres zzsj.prevents cholera, diarrfcoea.and other cMcktlieases. Cry.?50c bottle oakes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all drurgts,.Sample and boolzlet.on "Di-Bourben Remedy Co. Leiiatca, I;T .Brooks, DrugaistDNSALECottagesI Hat miBI HAffvCtCiIW.mm ms ftvii 'sJ- -J .sZIZSZZZZHZXdsszzss,THE -BOURBON NEWSf PARIS, KENTUCKY, rJULYl 6. 1 91 2.,jSTOCK, CROP AND1FARM NOTES,4Bad Spells" I suffered, during girlhood, from womanly weakness,"writes Mrs. Mollie Navy, of Walnut, N. C. "At last, I wasalmost bed-ridden, and had to give up. We had threedoctors. All the time, I was getting worse. I had badspells, that lasted from 7 to 28 days. In one week, after Igave Cardui a trial, I could eat, sleep, and joke, as well asanybody. In 8 weeks, I was well.' I had been an invalidfor 5 weary years ! Cardui relieved me, when everythingelse failed."TheWomatfsTonicIf you are weak and ailing, think what it would mean,to you, to recover as quickly as Mrs. Navy did. For morethan 50 years, this purely vegetable, tonic remedy, for women,has been used by thousands of weak and ailing sufferers.They found it of real value in relieving their aches andpains. Why suffer longer? A remedy that has relievedand helped so many, is ready, at the nearest drug store, foruse, at once, by you. Try it, today.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept.. Chattanooga Medicine Co.. Chattanooga, Tenn ,lor Special Instructions, and 84-rage book. " Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 57CORTRIGHTMETAL SHI NOLESr.- - m-i'-llHOW TO KNOW THE GENUINE,LOOK FOR THE STAMPCORTRIGHT" Res. U. S. Pat. Off.and accept no substitute, if you want a roof thatwill last as long as the building, and never needrepairs never need attention of any kind, exceptan occasional coat of paint.3. Fire-proof Storm-proof Lightning-prooftor Sale by Miller & Best, Millersburg, Ky.TIAJM DDCfiM I Ull II I M WTTk 1. M TS$ ti . 4. c. r TtU 3 tvjiepartiiiciiL jluic ur. t tii dim ivxaiiiSlT-X-dl O 1 TTaiCKJjytOJLOLJEL JL IlUiO jj On Extra Wide Swiss Flouncing at 25c and :50c per yard.Children's Wash Dresses, 50c, 75c, $1 .mps pegiucuica uiic-picc uigc li caacij ?-&&(All Colors).1 Ladies' and Misses' Fine Tailored Suits, $9.95. &White Nuback Shoes, $3.&?PI1Special Values on Millinery, Skirts and Waists.A ,., , , , ,.,.,..,....., . v5M TWIN liJhtOS.Paris, Kentucky lSS$$ k essfei ivJA $$& &$Sk & Sk t&k wFrank Bury, of near Centervllie,sold to Ham Bros., of Geogetown, 80head of lambs, at 7 cents.Nicholas county hens are on astrike, and eggs are reported scarcerthan at any time since the scarcitylast wniter.Harrison county is to have another loose leaf tobacco market, making three that will be in operationwhen the tobacco market opens nextfall.Hon. Cassius M. Clay, of nearParis, sold this week to Joseph Frakestwo hundred lambs at 7 cents Thelambs were shipped to Jersey City,Thursday evening.Farmers of near Licking, Nicholascounty, are this year raising over 100acres of tomatoes. One cannery is already established and anotherjs beinginstalled. Plans aie made for the canning of thousands of cans of tomatoes.In the face of the efforts of Col.G. K. Keller to exterminate the pestsrats aie said.to be slaying chickens inCarlisle, andother sections of Nicholascounty. Hundreds of chickens havebeen reported killed in one night. Aspecial rat killing day will.probably becelebrated there soon.Surpassing all previous efforts inegg laising.in the East, G. W. Sandeis, of Newton, N. J., holds as therecord an egg measuring 9.5 by 7.5inches, which was laid by' one of hiswhite Leghorns this weak. It had ahoft shell and was put in alcohol forexhibition.W. P. Givens, one of the pioneeralfalfa glowers of Lincoln county, willput in 20 additional acres this seasonon his faim near Shelby City. Mr.Givens estimates '.that his three-acrecrop of alfalla paid him $180 an acrelast year, he having cut his littlepatch five limes duiing the season.An unusually large tobacco cropwill be raised in Bovle county thisyear. The acieage is somewhat largerthan last year, and it is estimated thatabout 1,200 acies will be raised. Inaddition to the two warehouses now inoperation another will be erected thissummer.A number of Boyle county farmersare threshing their wheat crops thisweek. They were delayed some timeby the we., weather, but atmosphericconditions have materially improved inthe past few days. The yield is aboutnormal and the quality of the grain isvery good. A number of sales at adollar a bushel have been made.Danville Advocate: "Mr. Monte1 Fox shipppd his big bunch of exportcattle to New York on baturdav.There were 360 in the drove, and itrequired a special train of twenty carsto haul them. Mr. Fox has been making up the shipment for some time.He paid from seven to eight cents torthe stock."Thioughout Central Kentucky business men and bankers are enjoying aseason of activity with better conditions to follow as the result of propitious crop conditions and high valuesfor fatted live stock. The farmer ismaster of the situation 'and is addingdaily to his.bank account as Droceedsfrom the sale of crops, country produce and live shock"arej.-eceived.A. K. Robertson, a tobacco man ofMt. Sterrling , is rehandling and prizing tobacco he bought last winter, looacco men in Montgomery take abright view of the situation regardingthe merger of the Lexington houses,andjbelieve that thefc'sale to the Louisville people will workman excellent ad-i vantage. They look at it that the! move was made to hurt the growers.The Farmers' Union MercantileCompany. a corporation recently organized in Carlisle by the Nicholas CountvFarriers' Union, will open a store inthat city August 1. The businesswill be located in the McNew building.R. 11. Brielv, of East Union, is president, and Geo. M. Wilson, of Carlisle,secretary and treasurer of the com-i pany. l ne county union nas auout i.zuuI members. bL&sThe tomato growing industrv isbecoming more extensive in NicholasI nmmdi Pavmovo nf tho nnvtViovn nnr.tion of the county aie crowincr a laigeacreage of this ciop this year.- i Your Dollar Buys More pWhen you buy a Studebsiicr-E-M-F "30" or StndebakerFlanders "20" you get more for your money, dollar fordollar, than in any other car built.There may be other good cars but what is their price?That's the rub. If they really are good cars, they necessarily cost more because comparatively few are built. Somepoor cars, you know, are high priced too, so that the dealercan fool you by cutting the price. What a car is really-worth, not what it costs, should be your standard.The Studebaker Corporation has the largest and bestautomobile factories in the world. We could build and sellany competing car today for less money than its present,price. In your Studebaker-E-M-F "30" or Flanders "20" 'you get full value, because the biggest factories and thebest brains in the industry build these cars.(57 4Studebalcer-E-M-F "30" Touring Car, standard equipped$ . o. b. Detroit $1100. Equipped as above with Top,Windshield, Prest-O-Liie Tank and Speedometer, f. o. b.Detroit $1190.Our New Art Catalogue Will Interest You Send for it.kesrif,WC4'e 9-Detroit, Michiganourbon Garage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sreets,Paris, KentuckyKENTUCKY TRACTION AND!8nit i v nt vk i injV."The Blue Grass Route."Hourly High Speed ThroughHigh SpeedService.ParisLexington -Division.Frankfort(itsCars leave Pans for Lexington, Ver- nsailles and Frankfort eery hour on Kthe hour irom 6 a. m. until 8 p. m..!fland at 10 p. m.. the last car going only i ftyas tar as VersaillesI Cars leave Lexington for Versailles,j Frankfort and Paris, every hour from6 a. m. until 7 p. m, and at 9 andll n.' in., the last car going only as far asVersailles.I Cars leave Versailles 'for Lexingtonand Paris every 15 minutes after thenour irom o:io u. in. uuui o.i p. ui.and at 11 :lo p. rn.. last car going onlyas iar as Lexncton., Cars leave Versailles for FrankfortI every 45 minutes after the hour fromand at 9:4oBourbon LaundryD.WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.sirSI?EflI 6:45 a. m. until 7:45 p. inD m.Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,T : t-A n "Dwir mini- fdirtu miniUC.IUSLUllnuiiaii3c,cw fc.wi... ...... , . ; . j-. jW . - J. J-f- , . . . . . . . .The ' utes alter the hour from 6:30 a. in. &V;s:F!5:'5??T5ff!T;'S'-:SPS!Office Opp. Postoffice. SVhA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic; thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial orici- You'll notregret it.ourboD Laundry,Paris, iCniuckycannery of J. F. Standifaid & Co.STSNXSS39nQK7! until 7:80 n. m.. and 10:30 d . in., the' i loch nov cr.iinrr nnlu n; far as Lpxinerton.1 WV- 1mmmmamiit&f Jk w . XPn' I inKxfil Hi fim (ixft'-rFii,ml mmWB ! IHli.. AI.-.nM'- li .- ni-nnn . i r -Vm in' n ltnnt nf SI. 0(10 cans this season, and !the Standiford farm is growing thirty GEORGETOWN LEXINGTONThe LatestThing in f Stoves- For a midnight supper, as for any other meal at anyu nh?r time, the very latest thing in stoves---the best.T'flinf cfnvf-arhsts can do is aVIt Burns OilNo AshesIt Concentrates HeatNo WasteIt'is Handy' - IhDirtIt'is Ready: No DelayNew PerietiolOil Cook-stoveIt concentrates the heat when you want itI .T. ...i. nt.n) if Tfi n nnirk nno.ana wnac yuu " oad handier tnan coai, cneaper vaaVTherW Perfection Stove has long, enameled.turquoMe-bkie cnunneyi. u nanasomciy uu.kusteadier and handier than" coal,electricity.turquoe-ORie cuuoncjr.. . .-v.--.,r.L-i :.! .K;ni tnn. twon uielves. towelrcb,etc MoVwthl.2or3burner.TAH delen carry the New Perfection Store... v. icsdks 5 ceats to cover nailing cort.STANDARD OIL COMPANY; (Icofaraea ih fwesmuv ., acres of tomatoes.The' plentiful harvests of impor-.tant crops of the country, indicated byI Lilt; t)UJ uiup iciJUiL iJi. Liie jueiJciii-ment of Agriculture, will extend alsoto the minor crops tn a great extent.Conditions of all crops were materially better on July 1 than on the samedate 'last year. The ciop leportingboard estimates they are 5.9 per cent,better. Comparing their conditionwith the average of recent years, it isSDmewhat lower, about 1.2 per cent.The area planted to the importantcrons corn, wheat, oats, baLlev, potatoes, tobacco, flax, rice and cottonis estimated at fullv 241,lo5,000 acres.While this aggregate area is l.S lessthan the area ot the sarr.e c:ops lustvear, it is 1.9 per cent, greater than in1910, ana 6.9 per cent, greater thanin 1909.Takcm as a whole. thf rennvh nf the Icrop conditions in Kentucky," made byCommissioner of Agriculture Newman,shows that the conditions for July aremucn brighter than were the indications for June. The renort showsthe condition of com to be 84 1-2 percent, of an average crop ; oats, 92 1-2per cent, of an i average crop ; wheat92 1-2 per cent. The estimated yieldper acre of wheat is 10. 2-10 bushels ;that of rye is 12 1-2 bushels, and whilebut little barley is grown in'Kentuckv,it shows an average yield of about26 2-10 bushels to the acre. Lastmonth the reports were 91 per cent, ofdark tobacco transplanted on June 1,and the present condition of same isreported as being about 90 per cent.While the burley section transplantedonly 51 per cent, of its crop, its condition is about 8b per cent. Theaverage of the fruit crop is summedup as follows : Apples, 75 per cent.;peaches. 70 per cen ; pears,, 70 perccnt. ; plums, 89 1-2 per cent, 'grapes.91 per cent.The excessive rains of the lstweek or ten daysjiave given the' far-NICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexington and Nicholasville 'every forty-fiveminutes after thethonr from 5:45 a. m.until 6:45 p. m., and at 8:05 and 10:05p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholas-I ville everv thirty minutes alter thehour from 6:30 a. m. until Y:3U "p. m.,and at 9 and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville tor Lexington every fifteen minutes after the hourfrom 6:15 a. m. until 8:15 p.m. and at10:15 pm.CarS leave Lexington for Georgetown every hour on the hour from 6a. m. until 7 p. m.. and at 9 and 11 p.m.No 6 a. m. cars on Sunday .17-tfC2Z5SB Sn3.Pirl?';r.iLow Round Trip Faresfrom Paris toNew Yoirsaamers .throughout Central Kentuckymuch uneainess lest the wheat croo,which has been cut and now in theshock, be greatly damaged by thewater penetrating the stock and rotting the grain. While the whpat cropis hardly an average one in acreagetheauality of the cereal isprounouncedexcellent, but unless the continuousrains cease, to allow time for threshing muchiof it it is feared will beruined, in the shock. Very few farmers in the Bluegrass counties havethreshed their wheat yet, the rainyspell coming on just at the time whenthey were preparing to thresh the cropand get it in the grainery. The oatscrop winch is reported to be one of thebest.grown in Central Kentucky inyears, and which is now about readvto harvest, is also in grave danger oftaking a second growth from the excessive moisture, and many farmerswho have a large acreage of this valuable feeding crop are feeling blue overthe outlook and are hoping that theweather clerk will abate the continousshowers long enough for the oats to beharvested and safely housed.30 day limit Tourist faresNew York 28.00to60 day limit variable route fares toNew York $32.15 Boston $35.55Reduced round trip fares to manyother cities and resorts in the EastSuperior Service to the EastFor particalars, raies, folders, descriptiTeliterature and sleeper reierwtieas, addmsY. H. HARRIS, Ticket AeitW(IS1SiIStI l fnTfc ' Ca.ytjp vv""' ?t.r-'fVJ"l Ta jv s? - :r ' --.-THE BOURBON NEWS', PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 16, 1912-VHI-lJPADITAI RAID Frankfort, My 2326UAr I I AL r Alllp Kentucky V,12One of the best Fairs in the State. , Competition is open to you.Bring or send vour poultry, stock, handwork, art, preserves etc.Special rates over both interurban and railroad. Now is your chanceto see the Capitol at a minimum cost, in addition to seeing the, Fair.For information or catalogue, write to the Secreary.DR. J. P.STUART, Prcs.J. W. JErf ERS, Sect.I111vMUDsi1 11lij!(iHIt'iiI II'I1nifl!i II1V.-iJaI1Bft3-"Ce Some of Correct Tootwear'ec rviio01Grc-SummermmmKa fillMILLERSBURG ITEMS.We have marked down our immense stock' to pricesthat should crowd our store to its fullest capacity.Absocute Necessity Demands ThisExtreme Measure.We must clear our shelves of all Summer goods. Itis needless for us to go into detail. You all know thecharacter of our store. We have stood the test for years.It is not now a question of profit or even cost. Readthese prices carefully:q. tu- o Uliiiiii AVJLC3,Down Sale Pricein Ladies' ShoesLadies' two-strap Pumps and Oxfords inWhite Canvas, Patent andGun Metal, our $2 &&& &gradePriceMark-downLadies' White Canvas Button Shoes, alllatest styJes, our 2and S2.25 srrade,Mark-down Price..'1 QS m a!fl w7Ladies' High-grade White Duck and TanPumps and Shoes,our $3 grade Markdown Price$2.29 & $1.99One lot Ladies' Oxfordsmostly small sizes,$1.50 to 3.00 value,Mark-down Priceand Pumps,75oOne lot Ladies' Oxfords and Pumps,all sizes, $1.50 to 3.00value, Mark-downPrices ana. .rumps,99cMark-down Sale InBoys' and Girls'OxfordsOur best quality Boys' Oxfords in Tan,Patent, Gun MetalS3 value, Mark-down Price Sbf Afl HChildren's White Canvas and Pique Button Shoes, purl.oO gradesizes 5 to 11, Mark-downPrice .'K eisfOMists' and Children's Patent "and GunTVlelakFumos and fai ,Oxfvrcl-. Mark- 'down Pric W I i14 sad fmitMisses' and Children's & gf&&Barefoot Sandals, a" - '" r? V &kMark-down Price . .One 1-1 Bo . ' WnitP Canvas and Gu . letal Shoes,Mark-do v n Pricecssa gF&KjOne lot Infants' and Children's Pumps, 75c to ?1value, Mark-down Price . .Mark-downSale PriceAll Our Waik-Over Oxfords atCut Prices-SNow is your chance to buy a pair of thisfamous 'make. Men's $4 All-Patent Oxfords, also some Gun Metal of our$3.50 line, Button g?& ,J ffc-ana inoe, luar:- g$k p? tg &.p'joewn rnoe z&zi sa csMenS U and S3.50Walk-Over OxfordsMark-down Price..One lot Men's odd sizesOxfords, 2.50 to $3.50values, Mark-down PriceTta&'b99cMen's $3.00 and 13.50Gun Metal andPatent, Markdown PriceOxfords in Tan,S2.39iMen's $2 and $2.50quality Oxfords,Mark-down Price . .S1.69DAN COHEN,ft 336 Main St., Paris, Ky.IMr. E. P. Clarke, aced 73, died athis home in Millersburg, after a longand painful illness, at 6 o'cluck, Saturday morning. Mr. Clarke has been asufferer from tuberculosis and othercomplications for,the oast two years.He was a man of strong constitution,and fought every inch of the road todeath. Ever since his retirementfrom the office of Sheriff in January,1910. he has been practically an invalid, though" able to conduct businessactively until last December, whenwith his wife he went to Florida,hoping that the atmosphere ot theSouthern climate might give to himthe long-nedeecl reliet. inis. nowevor, did not come, and he returned inMay in a worse condition phjsicallythan when he left home, and since thattime has been confined to his bed almost continuously.He belongs to one of lhe stalwartnnrf sturdy families of Kentucky, theson of Mr. and Mrs. Daniel Clarke, ofFleming county, and one of severalchildren, two of whom survive. Onebrother, Mr. J. S. Clarke, of Milleisburg, and one sister, Mrs. Robinson,of Missouri, also survive. When quiteyoung his father moved tu Masoncountv, and Mr. Clarke showed thesturdy auailtics which have sincechracterizad him as a high type of agentlaman. loyal citizen and businessman, when he dtntificd himself viththp "Inst, rause". and became a Confederate soldier.He was under Col. Breckinridge, inthe Ninth Kentucky Cavalry, andforfour years suffered with his comrades-all the privations of war. When thisbitter struggle had ended he returnedhome.All during his life he has been adevout Christian, a member ot theBaptise church, and a great part ofthe time an officer in this rcligicusbody. After the war he began lite asa young larmer near maysuch, amisoon afterward was united in marri3ge to Miss Elizabeth Ball, at Sardis.This married life was a long, happyone. and they are the parents of fivechildren, all of whom survive, twoHnmrhters. Mrs. W. G. Leer, of5illersburg, and Mrs. Robert Boone,of Texas; three sons, J. S. Clarke, ofCamnhellsville, J. W. .Clarke, of Lexington, and Lacey Clarke, ot Millersburg. In 18S0 he purchased a iarm nearMillersburg, which is now owned byMr. W. M. Layson, moved to ,it, occupying it for a number cf years, andduring'th'e time was identified with anumber of other purcuits. He soonfcecameamember ot the firm of Ball,Thomason &. Co., dealers in leaf tobacco, and" in this was successful.Later with Mr. M. IJ. Current as partner he purchased the business of Mr.Jas. M, Collier, and it W2S while con1 nested with this firm he secured aposition as traveling solicitor for the, Cincinnati Globe Leaf Tobacco Warehouse, I Mr. Clarke traveled throughout Ccn' tral and Northern Kentucky and' Southern Ohio, and brought more busij ness tos his company than any otherj man either prior to or since his time,i This he continued until he was elected'deputy sheriff in 1901. The husinessfirm of Current L& Clarke was afterward changed to Claike & Willom,they after a time disposing of thebusiness to Stewart & Collier.Mr. Clarke, being one of the bestknown men of Bourbn county, as wellas one of the most popular, has oftenbeen solicited to lun for office, andmany times declined. It was not until1901 that, through lhe solicitation ofhis fiiends he "was finally prevailedu:;n to un on lie ticket with Mr. W.W. Hiicneil. ot Puiis, as derjutyfhenfL. It v. as a n.einoratie campaign,and these gentlemen came out withflying colors. In 1905 Mr. Clarkewent to the head of the ticket, andagain another memoranle campaignwas foucht, with equally good results.He made one of the best officers thecount.v ever had, and he lived to hearhis praises sung in one grand chorusmade ud of many voices in all parts ofthe county."Rather early in life Mr. Clarkeidentified himself with the Masonicfraternity and was a member ofAmity Lodge No. 40 at the time of hisdeath. After disposing cf his farmnear town he moved to Millersburgand was successful in a number of realestate deals. He first occupied a homei belonging to the Arm of Current &J-.1 1 J, , t 1 TuiarKe ana later purcnaseu me properly now occupied by Mr. U. S. G. Pepner. During the panic of 1893-1896 hepurchased the property now owned andoccupied by Mr. O. M. Johnson andfamily, occupying the same until hemcveu t j P.ris in 1902. He said thatat the exyuation of his term of officehe wtuld return to Millersburg, thedid piate ihat 1 e loved so much. Thisj he iiuUv ii ;cd m 1910, and tor one yearl uj.cd .h- p oberty vacated tby Mr.J. V. n.oU- At the exDiration ofthat tiiiie the lume of the late W. M.Hamilton was purchased by him. Inthe time he has owned tit he mademany improvements, and it is one ofthe coziest little homes in Millersburg.Mr. Clarke was a man whom tomeet was to admire, wh6m to knowwas to love. He was true to a faultand it was this, coupled with manyother virtues, thatjwon and held lorhim a high place in the hearts andesteem of all good people.The lunerol, which was one of thelargest, and in every respect one of themost impressivfi, took nlace Mondayafternoon at 0:30 at the Methodistchurch, Rev. Geo. W. Claike, ofTennessee, offiiciating, assisted by Dr.C. C: Fisher, of Millersburg. Thefloral tributes were numerous andhandsome. Relatives, friends, Confederate soldiers and Masons werehere from many places. The Baptistchurch was entirely inadequate forthe occasion. The services at thegrave were under the auspices ofAmity Lodge No. 40, F. & A. M andwereconducied by O. R Bankin. They, were impressive and will linger in theminds of all present,j The honoiary pall-bearers were alli Confederate soldiers, while the activej pall-bearers were the following: A. S.Thompson, Pearce Paton, GeorgeBatterton, J. F. McDaniel, O. R.Rankin and Wm. Wright.is visitingMiss Kate Linvillefriends at Lexington.MisaMary Stumo is spending theweek with relatives at Uynthiana.Miss Virginia Crutcher, of Paris, isthe guest of Miss Edwina Ammerman.Miss MollieBowles, of Paris, is theguest of her brother, Mr. MartinBowle3.Miss Virginia Hutchcraft returnedFriday, after a several weeks' visis ,torelatives in JLouisville.1 Rev. Palmer, of Louisville, conducted the union services at the Baptistchurch Sunday night.Mr. J. J. feed and sister. Mrs. Mol-lie Slack, the latter of Sharpsburg,weregin Maysvi le Saturday.Born, Saturday morning to the wifeof Mr. W. D. Mclntyre a daughter,Martha Elizabeth. Second born.Mrs. Albert Hinton of Paris and Mrs.Robert Yancey, of Mayslick, weieguests of Mr J. -3, Peed and familyFriday..Misses Blanche Lilleston, of Paris,and Mason;,Talbott, of North Middletown, were euests of the Misses Purnell Friday and Saturday.Messrs W. J. Curtis and J. M. Thompson, of Mt. Olivet, were intownThursdayjn the interest of the RobertsonCo. Chrisitan Assembly, which convenes in August.Mrs. J. H. Linville sustained a falllast Wednpsday, badly spraining oneknee. Master Harris Tackelt was accidentally struck in the head lastTnursday, inflicting a painful thoughnot dangerous wound.Mrs. Mollie Slack and niece. MissJessie Bascom. of Sharpsburg, whohave been the guests ot Mr. J. J.Peed and family for several days, leftMonday for a visit to William Peedand fatuilyin Lexington,Mr. G. L. Hill, while at work at Little Kock on Thursday, accidentallystepped on a nail, running it throughhis foot, inflicting a seiious woundand had it not been for the timely attention of a physician it might havenroven serious. He will probably beconfined to his home for the next twoweeks. Mr. Hill is tinner and plumberfor Miller & Best.Mr. Edgar Collins, local mnager ofthe Bourbon Home Telenhone Company, while driving from the blacksmithjshop of,Mr. J. G. Fightmasterto the' stable of Turner & MIcntyre,came near meeting with a serious accident. Just alter leaving the shoohis horse became unmanageable andone rein broke. In turnincr the corner!at the home of Mrs. Bessie JohnsonMr. Collins leaped from the rear of thewagon just as it struck an electriclicht pole, badly demolishing the wagon.. Mr. Collins escapedunhurt.Negro Drowned in Pond.James Marshall, colored, ot Centerville, aged about 52 years, was drowned in apond on the farm of Mr. JoeWilson," near Henterville, Sundayafternoon about 10 o'clock. Marshall, in company with severalnegroes, started from his home Sunday about noon. The Darty came to the-pond on the farm of Mr. Wilson andMarshall, who was considered a goodswimmer, against the wishes of hiscompanions,, leaped in the body ofwater and swam across. The pond isIn Mt. Sterling, Too?Dr. E. A. Brown, a phvsician of Galliopols, O., who was arrested in Lexington charged with passing worthlesschecks in that city, was in Mr. Sterling a few days ago. He claimed topurchase horses, and in company withMr. Wick Bush, a liveryman, went toSherburne, Bach county, and bought ahorse from a party there, also one fromBush, giving checks, which were discovered to be worthless. Bush saidthe man seemed to be a man of means,and asked him to look around for 'aan exceDtionally large one, and very nice home in the city for him and todeep. After resting on the oppositebank for some time the negro plungedinto the water and started back across.When within a short distance of theshore it is supposed he was seized withcramps and without uttering a sound,sank in full view of those who wereon the bank and among whom was oneof his sons.After dragging the pond for aboutan hour the tody was recovered inabout thirty feet of water a short distance from the place where his combanions had last seen himlocate a fine farm near the city for hm.Brown is the same man who workedthe cold check game here severalweeks ago and previous to his capturein Lexington, From all accounts heplayed the game in practically everytown in Central Kentucky.What a Conscience!Rudolph Davis was notified and afterconducting an investigation pronounced his death due to accidental drowning,At a session of the Winchester city;council, Wednesday nightMid Bush,inspector of sewers, at a salary ofCoroner $2.50"per day, asked that he be retired,The Alamo's Progam for Week.Tuesdav Katzenjammer Kids No. 4,Selig; A Mysterious Telephone Call,Cines; Redemption of Ben Farlantf,Vitigrapb.Wednesday Their Hero, Edison ;A Beast at Bay, Biograph ; Thetriumph of Right.Thursday Fighting Dervishes ofthe Desert, Kalern ; Margaret'sAwakening, Essanay ; An InnocentThief, Vitagraph.Friday A Batchelor's Waterloo,Lubin ; Their Golden Anniversary,Vitagraph; A Child of Wilderness,Selig.Saturday Gent From Hondurus,Kalem: An Outcast Among Outcasts,Biograph; The Honeymooners, Lubin.Melons on ice.Fine Georgia watermelons and Cali-jforma canteloupes on ice at all times.Phone us your order.16-2t SAUER.Peachesyour orderFor Preserving.preserving.forearly.PhoneC. P. COOK & CO.savmc that he was not earning hissalary and had not for some time.The council acted upon his suggestionpromptly.McNamara Gets Five Years.The jury in the case of John H.(King) McNamara, at Lexington, Friday afternoon, returned a verdict offive years in the penitentiary for theslaying of Jacob S. Keller thirteenyears ago. The action of the jurv infixing the term of punishment wasauthorizedgUnder the faw in effect atthe time the crime was committed, thecourt having in an additional instruction directed that the jury should follow the eld law.,' lhe final agreement cf the jury wasreached by f compromise. It is understood that on the first ballot the jurorsstood two for murder Jin the1 first gdegree, two for acquittal and eight formanslaughter, the latter eight being', for terms ot imprisonment of from onei to twenty-one years, with a majorityin favor of from one to twelve years.The jurv brought' in its verdict about4:35" ofclock alter having the caseunder consideration since ,5:30 o'clockThurdsay afternoon" a period cf nearlytwenty-four hours.Members of the jury, however, stated that the actual deliberations on theqase consumed about ten hours.. It issaid that the defendant will not takean appeal.faWtMBHKHB0fllBusiness Corner For Sale.I offer for sale privately the vacantlot at the south-west corner of Mainand Fifteenth street.This lot is situated in a thickly populated district and is an excellentstand for business purposesA sucessful Paris' merchant willlease for five years a store room andflat above, on this corner, at a rentalof $600 per year. This property improved, will yield a net return of 12per cent, on the money invested.Apply toLEWIS T. LILLESTON, Paris, Ky.16jy 3t-pd.Special Reductiona Our CornpSete Summer Stock,Conssstins of ull LineINiensf "Saiid Children'smgmCLOTHINGand Men's and Children's Shoes.Give us a call and be convinced.J. H. Josselson.715-717 Main Street, Paris, Ky.JCu-minil iiQa un u2n un kh mi n:i" nu nr. .un .nn -hu hhb2GOD'S HERBS & ROOTS !Cure Diseases.ys sfTiie& Itroveii everyiCHARLIE WHITEMOON, theday byCow BoyHerbalisti3I!s3II3IS3IEaI3I1I33I33729-31 W. Broadway, Louisville, Ky.Deep down in every human heart lies a NATURAL desire for NATURE'S medicines, Roots & HerbsToo long have the secrets of nature been neglected, too long have people disregarded God's promises. Modern doctors think only of "operations" & strong drugs, whilo human suffering & deaths from disease increase rapidly every year. Health is natural, disease unnatural. My years of exDerience a a c.mxr.hnv& among the Indians give me a peculiar fitness & knowledge of the powers of Roots & Herbs as medicines Imy remedies have cured & are curing Blood Poison, Lung Trouble, Kidney, Bladder, Liver, Female & Skin idiseases, Rheumatism, Dropsy, Catarrh, Nervous & Stomach Troubles that were pronounced incurable by the lbest doctors. I want to PROVE this to the world & to any one asking, I will mail the greatest brink nf it ITrinrl ovoi nnKliolio anti'tlo "TTTTT! nrtWTJnfw TJT71TJ-D A T .TOTi T l..i.i .c -ru . . -11, Vi i 3V t n . v -u, v,uMOu xxxu wM-iiux uiiuuax, auauiuitjiy iree. u you are not enjoying ALLthe blessings of perfect health, your duty demands that you INVESTIGATE MY CLAIMS All letters ofin quiry promptly answered.COM-CEL-SARis the name of my great TONIC, BODY-BUILDER, composed of 16 Roots '& Herbs,Sflirfpw?ccS,?' QStS ahoutx3 TSH'Zy one dollar & is LEGALLY GUARANTEEDVKft? ir?rR??AS?R r m0Hfy refi.ed' COM-CELSAR is sold BY ALL DRUGGISTS & DEALf,Si? . Mood. A household remedynnfirDP 7)iVT7r nrn v-w"., tj jiuni ui tvyyioi, tlUSll I gOV It Or WjjLucio rKJo i sikjh rsiiu.won't get tt, I WILL FILL YOURCHARLIE WHITE-MOON'S 'SCIENCE SOPE is made of PURE VEGFTJmK'nTTr nnt rmt axt". "3 ..&v. tnattrnVX't -bmiam-"H .r