THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MAY 17, 1912wifffpiffiffiffiffifffafafaiffiffffifffafafaififffaIfafafafafa4fafafafa3omA GLAD SMILESHOULD BE SURMOUNTED BY AGLAD HATI SUPPLY THE HATA man is judged by the company he keeps; also largelyby his personal appearance. Your hat is a very importantpart of your attire. NOW-ISN'T IT?This, Then, is the Pointinstead of trusting to some ordinary haberdasher or clothing houseto fit your hat, you are invited to come and let a REAL HATTERserve you a man who specializes on MEN'S HATS a man who makesyour hat a man who will highly appreciate you as a customer, andhas a strong desiie and the ability to really suit you. I am the man.I want to know you and it will be to your advantage to know me.If you are not wearing a Goldberg Hat, begin now and give the Cincinnati Hat Mfg. Co. a trial.At your service. Hats from $3 to 7. Soft and Stiff Hats Cleanedand Blocked Panamas a specialty.CINCINNATI HAT MFG. CO.,BEN F. GOLDBERG, Manager,PARIS, KENTUCKY.For People Whowant to Live Welland Save Money,See LENIHAN.'16 lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.003 lb can Asparagus 20c2 cans good Corn. . . . ... .y.;..,.,...?:,.;.....-. . . . . 5cNavy Beans, per lb 6c3- tie Broom 35c4- tie Broom or Parly Queen 45 c. 10 bars Cardinal Soap 25cThe best Coal Oil, per gallon 1 OcBLUE RIBBON FLOUR25-flb Sack SOc50-lb Sack $1 .601 OO-lb Sack . , $3.20T. C. LENIHAN,Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234iffifffiffiffiffiffiffiffifffafafaiffiffiffiffiff- fafwiffiffiffJfiffLots Bring Good Prices.Eight lots in the Jones addition inthe old Bourhon Pair grounds weresold at auction, Wednesday afternoon.The eieht lots sold lor an aggregate of$2,476.50 or an average of $308.43 each.Eighteen lots had been platted for salebut ten were not offered. Lots Nos. 2,3 and 4 fronting on Nineteenth streetS)ld well the purchasers and prices leing as follows: Lot No. 2, A.fJ. Skillman $500 ;Lot No. 3 Mrs. Jas. Reagan ;Lot No. 4. Tim Shannon, $310. LotsNos. 4 and 5. fronting on Clifton avenue, were purchased b.v Mr. T. F.Brannon for $265 and $250 respectively, while lots No. 7, 8, and 9, frontingon the same street, were scld to Dr. D3!S. Henry, Mr. J. T. Ingram, and Mr.J. W. Brown, for $250, '$255. and$237.50 each. Immediately after thissale, a new cottage on Ninteenthstreet, belonging to the late B. B.Wood, was sold to Mr. Lee Cox, ofElizabeth, for $1,635. The sale wasconducted by Harris & Speakes, realestate agents, with Col. George D.Speakes as auctioneer. Miss NellieKane was awarded the lady's dress,and Mr. John Christman, the hat,which were offered as urizes."WE KNOW HOW" ,A Guarantee.If the bottom wears out before theupper breaks through, we replacethem with a new pair Korrect bhapeshoes. 10J4tMITCHELL & QLAKEMORE.Notice to Dairymen.Has your license expired? If so,why not do the right thing and have itrenewed? You know whose duty it isto look after such work.Those who have never applied forlicense had'best do sOsA.H. KELLER, Health Officer.14-2t By order'of the Board.First Double Header Sunday.The first double-header of the seasonwill be played at White Park Sundayafternoon between the Bourhonites andthe Pioneers, and at which time thegame which was postponed from lastweek on account of the wet weatherwill be played off. The local team isstrugging along around the top, andthe fans shovld turn out in'large numbers to witness the double bill, which isscheduled to begin at 2 o'clock. Thegame this afternon will wind up theseries with the Colts and to-morrowthe Rivermen will be here for a game.Weather permitting, the locals shouldbe able to make a clean sweep of allthe games before them this week.Attention. To Children in FlyContest.Every child who enters the fly contestmust enter his or her name withthe committee at the library no laterthan Saturday. May 18. Unless thereare as many as twenty-five entriesthere will be no contest. Don't fail togive your name and try to win theprize.Corn Crop in Danger.Bourbon farmers are very "much discouraged over tha outlook for a corncrop this season. The heavy rainswhich have fallen in the past fewweeks have caused much delay in allfarm work 'and .'many farmers of thecounty at this late date have not completed their spring plowing. Somehass been planted, but -there is great danger of the extremely wet weather rotting the grain in the ground and manyfarmers who are apprehensive at everyopportunity are replanting with hopeot gettirg out a crop of fair quality.The season being so far advancedthere are no hopes for other than verylate crops and if the wet weather continues it will throw the farmers lartherbehind as they will be compelled toreplant pra.ctigaly aJ of their crops, (Paper Cleaning.For wall paper cleaning, call Homephone 163.14-3t J. T. BESALEY,The XTRAGOOD LabelMakes Satisfaction Sure.Sailor, Russian and Junior suits, pretty cheviots,worsteds and serges, newest combinations for Springwear, large graceful collars,silk ties, trousers lined.Most artistic designs on themarket, 2 1-2 to 10years $5.00Boys' two-piece doublebreasted and Norfolk suits,plain two-piece suits withfull lined "knickers j" alsoNorfolk and "kriicker"trousers; new Spring, styles,large variety of styles .aridchecks. A very popularstyle for this season, durable serge linings. Allthe style and aopearance of much higher-pricedclothing; sizes 7 to 17 years $7.50J0 "FATTED CALF" for theProdigal Son, but we do offercomfort and satisfaction to theprodigal clothes-buyer.fiffiffiffThose who have spent riotously in thepast for bothCustom-Made and.Ready-to-Wear Clothesand have not found satisfaction will be surprised at tha satisfaction they will find in ourready-for-service garments Not only theprice, but the perfect fit and wearing qualitieswill surprise you.1$?J Mitchell & Blakemore,IOutfitters to MenParis, Kentucky'Ss I"nniiiiii:iiiiiiiKumniu! 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 ri 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 ; 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 ri 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 siif iiiiiiiiiiniiiiitiiiiiii 1 1 1 1i? 11t& IFRANK cSc CThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.91-2 Price SaleOF"The Trail of the Serpent IsOver It AIL"(Contributed.)Will the honorable (?) superiniefidefitand some one member of the Board ofEducation state the consideration received for placing the music teacher inour school who will use the so-called"Tomlih'q Method"? The intimateconnection" between book concerns andsuperintendents, a3 weil as Boards ofEducation, is well-known, even inParis. The game just played may havebeen a clever one.' bur, in elf cr, it is afailure, and leaves more clearly theimpression that there is something"rotten in Denmark."11 Ladies' Sailor Hatsv vrr-Having closed out two large lines ofLadies' Sailors, we are enabled to offerNew and Up-to-date Styles of SailorHats at J2 the Original Price, - - -Ladies and Misses SuitsAT GREAT PRICM REDUCTIONS'TRAGOODmPRICE & 60. ClothiersIllsmL. N. Settles Claims.The claims cf the Drnnerty-ownerswho suffered losses during a fire inMillersburc. November 1, 1910. said tohave'been caused by sparks frors anL & N. engine, have been adjusted bvthe company, their Louisville attorneys, Flexner & Gordon.The only suit which actually came totrial was brought by the BurleySociety, which lust about 600.000pounds .of pooled tobacco. The suitwas brought by attorneys Taibott &Whitl:y and Senator Claude M. Thomas, and the jury returned a verdict inthe sum of $40,000. -The case was taken to the Court nfAppeals by the L. company, andthe Judgment was sustained, rtecenllythe Burley Society attorneys receivd acheck from the company for theamount of the judgment, interest andcosts, amounting to $46,616.A number of "other suit? iad beenfiled against the company for lossessustained by the fire in amounts from$25 to S6:000 but all of these Nairn?$25.00 SUITS NOW$22.50 SUITS NOW$20.00 SUITS NOW$15.00 SUITS NOW$15.00$12.50$11.75$9.75These are This Seasons' Styles, All ColorsBlazers and Norfolks, WhiteP. K. and Corduroy Skirts,Just Received. Inspection Invited.5 ' Frank & Co.Paris, - - KentuckyIr41ifaI28(have bsen satisfactory r settled by theI L.' & N.- Company. '-SmiHiimmJv- tSIS, KENTUCKY," MAY 17, 1912Li:I1-75 if.'. v!-i :s.-- . v. rBlood Pois,r SkiuDise;.:.?:-:Rasli, Sore air n r 'J "ir -t. .- "1.::Glands. Mucous ratht-s Ot-P -' '1Spot, Rhcomn'ilc fs'tiuacc-i-s;, . ...Uurninjr, XorrouMicsi.JNervousness,Failing Health.'';SCemory, Ioss of !"; ;ri '"Ambition, Wornout lt -, V.t rv.:&che, Backachn, lC'tiFt;, i2c:sn;.tly,"Easily Excited, BestSeas sf t rmsm?of the symptoms that tl-?.r .;.- d.Urinary, Kidnc' ar.d BhidccrDiseases SSr?S-ft.it' :rtI FREE CONSUCTA'XrN . fJ'Blank and get my Ch..xrr, T--tn'IX'-.Miv, JlJir." jAddress or c-iZt 0.1t c 525 WALNUT STREET,Between 5th omi! Ta(Near Fountain .So . C'irii.i.-. CSIGN THIS COUPON FOU A v .1 UAC7'BOCK. I'Hi.:..vv Km imon. Bps"-3 5 5j .5 .r -S , -3 -5 -5S9DAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice.(USasas(ISlyBourbos) Laundry,Paris, Kentucky.toThree Kinds of Men.There are three Mnds of men In the?vorld those (the best) who make3okes, those who can enjoy jokes, andthose (the worst kind) who attempt toexplain jokes. G. K. Chesterton, inLondon Daily News.T1 TliBEMISI.IIIIIII35Give us ycurgetting one,YERKES & PRIOHARDBoth 'Phones 66ViT"C A XTi&SiiASED MEN. H 'li (EstablbW J892)stitfste : conr-rs of treatment ItIu i-r mler 1305:1131115 my"'-uVie never returns.CnCJSEST CURES: TlrCcay Cured' -i: rot, I Trill not:ti 1. r jou. lne best..:f..-,:lity ere the manyproved ihfLa my treat1 :t.t:.ut a cent andciin to rova I can curaV.' -f r-t 5- '"rcrnl , Ti i"r rwl COSTS TfUt- -i. lti s:ni silicl to pay me.I.'IS.si- or V, fciCil 1 liTK CURED:. z OV.l'OM 1'A1J.-I3 TO I1KCEIV1S AWIT,! Olilti: hi'i.yiALI&Td.I ''!:kt'. larsrcd -G'.iands, Iforrons-oL 1 ie Aciti.JJnlarcrcment:i t r...f", T "i:t hv, twilled, worm-like!": ri i yci-c, L.ora oltcn on left side,SrriptrTJ3 A chin o- Pain 'in Groin orii'ioanapst, Weakness, Loss ofT:c.:.i. - , X.auk of 7nli.ion.I euro Varlco-so Enlargement by onet'twts ent in me visit, without a severenunjic - d Tfrat.:fii or su3l.ring, or keepingAcute' -L.v-c..o Sivh11Iic and.atisn.VTI:r. '.Trit'i fir TrM Book, nestioaCuro rvnd Ar'sill lnrr:nation FREE.I . r.. r-05.T.?. t. r.. ?i P., ?.'-3 v. alnnt Street, Clneln.1 r lii, i. .." r..e frv! oua of your booksI-v ni Ki:i. f .- Hen;-- c:m we- s-ic lilank, &s I desiret 5-tI n" ou i.;t tae purpose of takingj t'-a-wr:. ff f i-'i . -i ja cura rae and jour! ',' ... Tri'SUU.I aunrlrvfjW !A P rlicular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get yonr laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.wfAvoiding Temptation.What you ought not to do, dothink about doing. Pythagoras.notGo to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclas barbers. 13 tfTRANSPLANTERSAnyone who has used the BEMIS TRANSPLANTERand then used another can appreciate the difference inthe work done. The floating shoe, positive valveaction, all steel frame, and the work done are itsfeatures.ordernow so ycu willTHE BOURBON NEWSPASIS, XENTUCYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and PridayOne Year. . . .2.00 Six Months. .1.00Payable in AdvanceEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices -in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl er. 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.Night Riders in Nicholas.It was reportsd at Carlisle Tuesdaythat a tobacco bed had been destroyedon the farm of F. M. bishop, a leading farmer of near Barterville, Nicholas county. The work of destructionwas done at night, and there ia no clueas to who did the work. The canvas13 said to have been torn into shredsand the bed scraped.A Great Building Falls.'when its foundation is undermined,a :d if the foundation of health goodoieestion is attcaked, quick collapselollows. On the hrst sign of mdiges-t'mn, Dr. Kings' New Life Pills shouldbe taken to tone the stomac'H and regulate liver, kidneys and bowels. Pleasant, easy, safe and only 25 cents atOberdorfer's.Nobody's Money.One thousand dollars which MoseFeltner swore was offered tnhim as abribe when Mrs. Jas. B. Marcum wassuing- Ed. Callahan, who died Saturdaynight frerr. an assassin's bullet; JamesHargis, Alex. Ilargis and B. F.French fcr 5100,000 for theNnurder ofhar husband, rfi now in the Winchestertfank, where it has been since 1904.Nwbody owns the money, although severrl have made attempts to get it.Porto Rico's New Wonder.From far away Porto Rico come reports of a wonderful discovery that isbelieved will vastly benefit the people.Raymon T. Marchan, of Barceloneta,writes "Dr. King's New Discovery isdoing splendid work here. It curedme about five times of terrible coughsand colds, also my brother of a severecold in his chest and more Jhan 20others, who used it on my advice. Wehope this great medicine will yet besold in every drug store in PortoRico." For throat and June: troublesit has no equal. A trial will convinceyou of its merit. 50c and $1.00. Trialbottle free. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer. IIvbe sure ofIIJ,Republicans and Pensions.,The Uniited States Senate, which i3still dominated by Republicans, hascheated the surviving old soldiers ofthe Civil War out of what the Democratic Housedefind as just compensation for the hardships and losses theysuffered in the war, namely: a dollar-a-daypension. The Sherwood bill,passed by the House, and urged with azeal and sincerity never excelled inCongress, was rejected by the Senate,and in its stead a substitute bill offered by Senator 'Smoot, of Utah, who isfriendly to no class of American citizens except thos2 millionaires whoown the tariff trust, was adopted.President Taft, who frequently expressed a friendship for the oldsoldiers when he was a candidate foroffice, was absolutely silent while theSherwood, bill was underjdiscussion inthe Senate with the result that thereal friendsl.of the-old soldiers got noaid from him.This bill, while it fails in the opinion of Democratic members of Congress to meet thejrequirements of thesituation! was the besijthat -could heobtained in view of the attitude of theSenate and ;the Presidtnt. Some ofthe ablest Democrats in the Senate including Senator Kern, of Indiana, didall tney could to convince theRepublican Senate of the justice of the Sherwood bill and urged its Dassage justas itjeame from the House.It was pointed out that the oldsoldiers are dying at the rate of 100 aday and that the increased draft onthe Treasury would be only temporaryand of little consequence. In noinstance did the Democrats support theSherwood bill for no other reason thanthat it proposed to pay the old soldierswhat was their just due. The justiceof the right of the bill were urged constantly. The Sherwood bill had it passedwould have ended pension legidalionfor years to come. Special pensionbills which now occupy much uf thetime of Congress would have been doneaway with whereas, under the Smootarrangement it is questionable whether there will be any decrease in thisform of legislation with its attendantJ drain on the time of Congress and itswholly unsatisfactory way of dealingwith the situation.The Sherwood bill was right. Itsolved the question in the way it shouldbe solved, and the old soldiers canblame the Senate and the Presidentfor once more delaying their justclaims.Safe at Home.At the request of several readers of'the News, we print below the editorialof Henry Watterson, published in arecent issue of the Courier-Journal, onthe Titanic disaster :"As the completed story of the oceantragedy puts its finality upon thefragmentary installments, which havefrom day to day reachd the public, thecatastrophe loses none of its horror.Both in magnitude and circumstance itis only more appalling. The word diesupon the lips, the pen falls limp fromthejiand, that attempts to describe it."One anyone single feature stands outresplendent. In silent grief, exulting,we salute the herofldead. They wentdown with the flags of our racehoodflying, each carrying the red badge ofcourage on Lhis breast ; the man ofmillions by the scholar's side, thegentle old philanthropist hand-in-handwith .he gifted young soldier, fit ambassadors of our Anglo-Saxon landScotch-Irish stock before the Court ofHeaven. Evening star shall rise andset and vesper bell shall ring evenover that bleak grav yard of the deepin sad memorial ; but they have safelycio.3sed the bar, and, immortal, seetheir Pilot face to face.We, who are left upon the shore, behold, aghast, but shouting!Is there a moral? Shall there be alesson? How easy to find, how' eagerto wish to find, a scanegoat!Assuredly somebody was to blame.Was it the sturdy old sea dog thatstood calm and clear ot head upon thebridgo and went down grimly, gloriously, with his ship? Well, he at least,has paid the price. Is it the wealthyand enterpiising trans-Atlantic company which has served the public solong and well? Only in dollars maythe soulless corporation discharge itsdebts, and in dollars the White Starmust and will. Millions cannot recalltne dead, billions console the living."The craze for speed! Aye, therewe have it ; on the land no Jess thanthe sea yet, in the very air above usonward, onward! faster, faster! asif the idle rich and their imitators, thevain and empty throng, were not goingthe gaits of pride and pretension, ofenfeebling luxury and of glitteringshow, quite fast enough!"Not a sufficient urovision of lifeboats! Certainly, not there never is.Why did not the helmsman turn herprow farther to the Southward? Hewas sailing farthest South. Whyshould he tempt at all the fatal icefields? On the banks of Newfoundlandthere are only ice fields. Why did theshiD sail at her topmost bent? Alasconclusions inconclusive!"We but lock the stable door whenthe horse is'gone !"Roll the glory drums! To thewalls Jwith the banners' Honor, allhonor to Ways and Stead he braveEnglishmen ; homage to Astor andHarris tha true. Americans; happytears fcr the dear old Jewish twain,'Darby and Joan ;' a diadem for ourjournalist soldier boy, Georgia s andKentucky's contribution to the holacaust. Only honor and pride. 'Womenand children to the boats' the "cry andwomen and children to the boats itwas ; not a child missing, net a womanlost save they that would not goAngels receive our. dead. 'Let therebe no moanins at the bar.' The deepenwraps the bodies that were theirseach soul, dear God, is safe at home atlast. f'Nearer My God to TheeNearer to Thee.' "For The Nervous Woman,Or the woman who'exyeriencss hot flashes nothicg is so good to sooths, qpUtand calm the nervous system as a pure glyceric extract of jaafcve medical plants,and made without alcohol, which has been sold by druggists lor the past fortyyears, and most favorably to as Dosicr Pierces Favorite Prescription, favounfcr years some women soger froa dizziness, or fainting spes, hysteria,headache, bearing down feelings and pain. All Gesc sr.ptocis of irregularisand female disturbance are relieved by tne use ol th:s fcmoua Prescriptionof Doctor Pierce. . . t3 . . . ...Ac n rinwsrhA. iiivfio rating tonic "Favorite Pre-enpnon imparts strengtathe whole system, and in particular to the organs distinctly femiame.towBIes. McDonald.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBH1E8,BOTH 'PHONES DAY 13 7 ; NIGHT 299.Why not you join the great army oxcustomers and burnNow isihe time to try a load.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.CUMBERLAND TELEPHONE and TELEGRAPH GO.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millefsbarg, NDfth Middletown, Little7 Rock anRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service youHAVE- telephone service."CumberlandlTelephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporatedSome Good AdviceTo the People.Don't sell your old feathers until you find out the prices, Youfnn mil us and we will look atyour feather, or if' you liye inithe counrry send us a sample. Iwill let you know what they areworth. Some old feathers if theyhave been well cared for are asgood as new. We pay marketprice for new feathers.8th Street, PARI?, KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 374JSttnk LanqbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed."aug!6tfEast Tenn. Phoe 669LOWRY & TALBOTTALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.1 ;,jMAJtSTIc J jj 'MAJESTIC jTou.-u.waFLUSH IUTH L&&Wif0i&(e 'TA rl Vj, ?l oiohthjnoffror over-woricea, wora-out, i uu-uu.n:, u.uaiiii-..cuteachers, cii!iiner3, dressmakers, seamstresses, " shop-girls,"house-keepers, mirsisg mothers, and feeble women generally,it is an excellent appetizing cordial and restorative'ionle,"JIv diseasa was ca!!-d reirarerc.iir." -writes Mns. LYDLV STcDo:?ALD. of Mecosta, Mich., Itouto 1. " I hzd nervous chill3 and numb spJa- nd tliy vould leave me very wcalf. Then I had inflanunafaon and thodoctor said I had a floating kidney. I doctored seven months vrith our2T.:ly phsiciun. Ee said I vould havo to have an operation. Than Iitopoad tal-ing: hi3 mcdlcir.e. Af ier taking three bottles of Dr. Pierca'amedicines I have not hzL any ncrvou3 chilis cr weak spells. I aai bettertnan ror years. . ... , ,. ," My daughter is now taking the Prescription and Dr. Pierce aGolden Medical Discovery, also the Pellets ' for nervousness and weak,tired feehnjr. These remedies havo helped her ever so much in a shorttims. We have great faith ia your medicines for female troubles."Dr. Piorce's PIscsssi Pellsts Izdxcz mild natural bowel movementBARBER0Modern Equipment,4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service. -Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDJoe. G. Mitchell,Against Fire,Tcfrnado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies. Phone 162Agent.will not be yours unless youhave aMajestic Rangein Your Kitchen!Come in and see them. Theyare the best made. -VTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAX 1,7,. 1912efficiency depends uponyour condition.Scott's Emulsion builds,strengthens and sustainsrobust health. All Druggists.Scott & Bowiie. Bloomfield. K. J 12-8For Sale!me I double range, suitable forrestaurant or hotel ; also dish washerin good condition. Will sell cheap forcash. Apply toKID STOUT.0-2t Both phonesEXCURSIONParis., Ky., toCincinnati, O.,And Return.FRAUD IN QLD BILLSConfederate Money Still Used toSwindle Immigrants.First Issue of Currency In SouthProblems That Confronted theTreasury of the ConfederacyDuring the War.Boston. Confederate money is stilla favorite medium of the confidenceman in his dealings with, the raw immigrant, though, it is hardly a currency to deceive any man acquaintedwith, the country's history or evenwith the negotiable paper money of today. It is not surprising that confederate money is so plentiful after ahalf- a century as to make it morevaluable to the, confidence man thanto the collector when one realizes theimmense amount turned out by theindustrious presses of the Confederacy. The Confederate treasury kept onprinting paper money almost up to thefall of Richmond. A note dated Richmond, February 17, 1864, declaresupon its face: "The ConfederateStates of America will pay $10 to bearer two years after the ratification ofa treaty of peace between the Confederate States and the United States ofAmerica." When the Confederatetreasury began business there was aclear enough perception among thepublic men of the Confederacy thatcheap money would be one of theirgovernment's perils. They had beenbrought up- in the old- democratic.monetary theory of a currency composed of gold and silver at a fixedratio intended to correspond withtheir relative bullion value, and papermoney based upon such currency.Almost exactly fifty years ago the issue or $i,uuu,uuu m interest-bearingnotes was authorized. This was theearliest Confederate paper money issued. By July of that year the treasury had exceeded the authorizedA sold bracelet, between Tucket's amount, ana tne issue or aouoie tnestore on Main street and Eight street-1 original issue was then sanctioned byj.- uiuci ictuiu uuuciaigu-SUNDAY, MAY 19, 1912Fare $1.50 And Retnrn'.Excursion Train leaves 7thStreet Station Returning to Parisat 7 p. m.Tickets good, only day of sale.For further information, call on orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.to Highed and get reward.MISS MARTHA MYNES,1022 High St.IfONEx3Of CGJ330K POULTRY CUREdotvn a ch':'c tLroct caresfapcs. A few drops in thermkirg vater cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and "booklet on "Diseases of Fowls" sent FREE.Bourbon Remedy Co. Lexington, XjW.TYBrooks, DruggistProfessional CardsJ. WILXiIAMS,PJ . AT'rUJtJNJBiX-A-X-iiii.W.?oom 1 Elks ,Building.J.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones IL1?ResidenceE. T. 334.Home 334.DR. A. BZELiLiEB,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - Kentuckylaw. The smallest denomination ofthese early issues was $50, for thetreasury hoped that means might befound for using silver and gold inminor transactions. Before the end ofthe year the authorized issue hadain been exceeded, and in spite ofoft renewed good resolutions the Confederacy by July, 1863, had $1,000,000,-C00 of notes outstanding. For a fewmonths devoted Confederate patriotspermitted their gold deposits to getinto general circulation, but sooneverybody who had gold hoarded it orsent it out of the country to a placeof safety.Almost at the very end of the Confederacy Jefferson Davis vetoed a billfor the issue of ?80,00U,0UfJ m paper-!and congress passed the measure overhis veto. ' The funding plans resultedin a temporary contraction of the currency and a fall in prices, with theconsequent enrichment of some of thedesperate gamblers that hung aboutRichmond and fattened upon the hardships of the Confederacy.. After eachcontraction of the currency the convenient presses were set going again,and instead of a circulating mediumof $175,000,000 as the treasury onceplanned, of of $200,000,000 as itplanned at another time, the outstanding paper money swelled and swelleduntil it had exceeded the $1,000,000,000 of midsummer, 1863.The banks of Virginia tried to protect themselves and the treasury byrefusing to receive the depreciatedcurrency, but in vain. When soldiersin the trenches of Petersburg werepaying $10 for a tin plate from whichto' eat their frugal meals, and $600 or$800 for a pair of boots, the peoplewere still clamoring for larger issuesof paper.You may still buy crisp, fresh looking Confederate notes at prices varying from two cents to two dollars perhundred notes.Stout Cannot Serve in New District.Special Judge Charles Marshall, ofShelbyyille, handed down his decisionTuesday afternoon in the case involving the constitutionality of the actmaking a separate circuit court district of Franklin countv and as to the! right of Judge R.L Stout to remove(here and sit as the Judge of the newdistrict.Judge Marshall holds that the actcreating the new district js constitutional, but decides that Judge Stoutcannot legally move to Franklin afterthe act was passed and become thejudge of the new dstrict. The suitwas filed by James A. Scott againstGovernor McCreary, asking that ;he beenjoined from the appointing of ajudge for this district, on the groundsthat tne act was unconsittutional because Frankliri countv has not the required population!Judge Marshall holds that the Stateis'entitled to one circuit judge districtfor every 60,000 of population, andtherefore under the last census theLegisature may create thirty-six districts but that the constitution does notsay that.each district shall have 60,000nonulation. nor is it in violation ofSection 138 to create a district thathas Jess than 40,000 population, andthat does not contain a city of morethan 20,000 population ; that the Constitution leaves it to the discretion of theGeneral Assembly in making new districts, provided the General Assemblycan nevei exceed the limit of one district for each 60,000 inhabitants of theState.In the course of his opinion JudgeMarshall Eays: "In view of the factthat the FranklinJCircuitSCourt is therascal court of the State and necessarily transacts a large volume of business from the State-at-larga as well aslocally, a court should not say theGeneral Assembly has abused its discretion by creating a single countyinto a district when it is evident thatin the opinion of the General Assembly and because of the large territoryfrom which business is drawn a separate'district is necessary. I am, there-j fore, of the opinion that the act is noti in violation of the Constitution, andI the demurrer to the petition is susj taiued.''I In passing on the right of Judge R.i L. Stout to remove to this county and1 become the judge of the new districtJudge Marshall, in part, says:"Judge Stout holds a commision asJudcre of the Fourteenth district, and1 in order to legally discharge the dutiesI of judge of the new district he wouldi have to be recommissioned by the Gov'ernor or there will be the unusual -condition ot two circuit judges holding'court in different districts, each hold! ing a commission authorizing them toi hold court in the Fourteenth district.J 'If the Governor issued a commissioni to Judge Stout as circuit judge of thenew Thirty-sixth district he would neccessarily have to appoint him, andthe Governor has no power to appointexcept where a vacancy exists."While an officer may move his residenca to another part of the district,in order to retain his office, or mayclaim the same olttece in the district towhich the county of his residence hasbeen assigned, where, but for his claimthere would be a vacancy, I have beenunable to find anywhere any authorsity for an officer to voluntarily changethe county of his residence after theGeneral Assembly has passed"aJaw creating a new'district outof a part of,theone in which he was elected and claimthe office in the new district, therebyabandoning the old district in whichhe was elected. The demurrer to thepetition and answer of R. L. Stout issustained."He concludes the opinion by grantingan appeal to the Court of Appeals inboth decisions, and the matter will betaken up to the higher court at once,and by "agreement, docketed and submitted so as to have a decision beforethe time arrives for the appointmentof a judge.9 Now Is The Time To BuyI YOURSUMMERWhile The Prices Are Very Low, AndTime You Need Them Most.Are You Going to Buy aRefrigerator This Spring?Primarily there is only one thing for a Refrigeratorto do and that is to keep food at such a temperature that itwill not spoil in warm weather. The Refrigerator that willdo this with the least possible consumption of ice is thebest Refrigerator.A Refrigerator must have good packing. It must be built on scientific principles or itwill not fill its mission. We carry a complete line of Refrigerators and Ice Chests from thecheapest that is good to the best the market affords. Don't fail to inspect our line beforebuying.Porcb $winq $2.40 to $.50:L'VfliHflflliiUHiHIUHBllttP'ICEThe most comple line of Ice Boxesto pick from, made of the bestpacking that can be had.$4.5 u toyourcove:Otir stock of Floor Coverings Is now readyinspection at Sow prices.Mattings, Rugs, Carpets and Linoleum.A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.g MAIN STREET, OPP. COURT HOUSE. JStudy Manure SpreadersBefore You Buy OneHORSE CIPFI NGPrepare your horses forspring by having them clipped now. We are preparedto do clipping in a sales factory manner and at salesfactory prices. Call on us.TRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Eighth Street Both Phones.It would surprise you to know of thegreat good that is being done byChamberlain's Tablets. Darius Downey, of Newberg Junction, N. B..writes, "My wife has been usingChamberlain's Tablets and finds themvery effectual and doing her lots ofj-cod." If you,, have any trouble withvnnr sfnmnch nr hnwels eive them atrial. For sale by all dealers.Exigencies of Art.When Richard Mansfield was rehearsing the minuet f scene in BeauBrummel, the end of the music lefthim with one foot suspended in midair. Poised on the other foot, the actor burst into explosive anger, demanding in no uncertain tone ofvoice: "Give me a chord to put myfoot .down on!" The musicians jumpedto their instruments, and, to a grandblare, Mr. Mansfield planted his footon the stage.There never was a-'time when peopleaDpreciated the real merits ofChamberlain's Cough Remedy morethan now. This is ; shown by the increase in sales and voluntary testimonials from persons who have beencured by it. If you or your childrenare troubled with a cough or cold giveit a trial and become acquainted withits good qualities. JFor sale by alldealers.- i1?TWIN BROS.Department StoreCor. 7th and MainSpecial PricesOn Extra Wide SwissFlouncingat 25c andOnly a Fire Herobut the crowd cheered, as, with burnedhands, he held up aj soiall round box."Fellows !" he. shouted, "this Bucklin's Arnica Salve I hold, has everything beat forlburns." Right! aslofor boils. ' ulcers, sores, pimples,eczema, cuts, sprains, bruises. Surestpile cure. It subdues inflamation,kills pain. Only 25 cents at Ober-dorfer's.Notice! Poultry Raisers11-44CURESrhniora fanes. 1 jmherneck. RotiD. Canker,.vzrsszz Diarrhoea and all Diseases of PoultryMKa&Bryt.B.Kkown.Ky..y "l have ujed Reofie 4-11-44 for ye.-d think it the biI'JLiJIJi ,WJ dowsthebfll of. gapingWiU (Jooaet, BtftiMowa, ivy.. My: . . uae op nw " rC.J- . fM-l "rU-Vm LUU ike warm ud reUere theKfg. tcdfortitee ky J. life. Crane, Unktiwi, Ky.SOLO BYPrice 50c it ill D racist j.R PARIS PEOPLE.Paris Citizens Experiences Furnish Topic For ParisDiscussion.The following experience occurred inParis; a citizen relates it.Similar experiences are occurringdaih.Paris people are being relieved, get-tinc rid of distressing kidney ills.Try Doan's Kidney Pills, the testedQuaker remedy.Paris people testify ; Paris peoplenrofit.The evidence is home evidence theprnof convincing.Paris testimony is gratefully givanParis sufferers should heed it.Mrs. Hodge, 821 West street, Paris,Ky. says: Doan s Kidney Pilla werevery beneficial in my case, and I canrecommend them. I had dizzy andnervous spells, and my back and headached, showing that my kidneys wereweak. .When I saw Doan's KidneyPills advertised. 1 obtained some, andthey gave me entire relief."For sale by all dealers. Price 5Ucents. Foster-Milburn Co.. Buffalo,New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the namaDoan's-aadtake no other. vTHEfJroper place to studyI a manure spreader is atthe local dealer's placeof business, where you can seethe machine, study it part bypart, see how each part is madeand how it does its work. Studyspreaders at first hand. Go tothe local dealer and have himshow you anaIHC Manure SpreaderKemp 20th CenturyCloverleaf orCorn Kingt j i- j x rj-earn tne auvd.uud.geb ui an iapron spreader. Learn what 'constitutes a steady, reliablefeed and the importance of it.Learn the reasons why differentmaterials are used for differentparts, and why each part doesits work thoroughly. Learnthe value of the service thedealer can give you."When you know manurespreaders we think you will buyan I H C spreader from yourlocal dealer. , He is the man tosee.httrutloRal Harvester Company cf America(Incorporated) - :Gucas U S AI H C Service BureauThe-purpose of this Bureau is to furnish.-ifree of charge to alL the best informationobtainable on better farminir. If you have,any worthy auestions concerning soils, crops.-,land drainage, irrigation, fertilizers, etc.,make your inquiries specific and send themto I H C Service Bureau, Harvester Building, Chicago, USA50c per yard.Children's, Wash Dresses, 50c, 75c, $1.Ladies' one-piece Serge Dresses, $4.98.(All Colors)Ladies'and Misses' Fine Tailored Suits, $9.95.White Nuback Shoes, $3.Special Values on Millinery, Skirts and Waists.TWIN BROS.Paris, Kentuckymdingers.A. worthless dog and a bad reputahiSPECIAL EXCURSIONCINCINNATI M&& RETURNSunday, April 19.25RoundTripRoundTripSPECIAL TRAINLvs. GEORGETOWN 7:45 iain.ASK TICKET AGENTS FOR PARTICULARS?oor appetite is a sure sign of imparted digestion. A few doses ofChamberlain's Stomach and Liver Tablets will strengthen your digestion ardimprove your appetite. Thousandshave been benefited by . taking theseTablets. Sold by all dealers.The Logic of It."De man dat looks out exclusive fohnumber one" said "Uncle Eben."mustn't, he surprised If he finds, hisself cuttin a purty small figger."a n. BUTLRR & CO.tion are hard things to lost.iDEPARTMENT STORESWEEPING REDUCTIONS ONWomen's Suits, Coate, Skirts,Dresses and Millinery.Suits, Coats and Skirts of Fine Domestic and Imported Fabrics.Whipcords, Serges, Tweeds, Homespuns, in AllDesirable Shades at Prices That MakeIt Economy to Buy.$15.00 Suits at20.00 Suits at25.00 Suits at :,15.00 Coats at j--w-20.00 Coats at25.00 Coats at7.50 Skirts at10.00 Skirts at12.50 Skirts at.$ 7.5010.0015.007.50. 10.0012.50. 4.98. 6.48. 8.50One Lot of Mesaline Petticoats at $1 .50 eachOne Lot of Silk Messaline Petticoats, $5.00quality, at $2.50 eachLadies' $8.50 Serge Dresses at $4.75Ladies' $15.00 Serge Presses at $7.50Ladies' $20.00 Silk Dresses at $10.00Ladies' $25.00 Silk Dresses at -..$12.50Lodies' $35.00 and $40.00 Silk Dresses at $22.504444Ladies' $7.50 Lingerie Dresses atLadies' $15.00 Lingerie Dresses atLadies' $25.00 Lingerie Dresses at- $4.75. $7.50$12.50Children's $1.50 Dresses at 98cChildren's $2.50 Dresses at ..; $1.75Children's $4.00 Dresses at $3.25Children's $5.00 Dresses at $3.98SeparateCoatsWorth from $5 to $7' -.,To Be Closed Out at- niOne Lot of Linen Suits, Last Year's Styles,To Be Closed Out at BSc.MILLINERY-J' kOne Lot of Sailors75c Quality, at :One Lot of Sailors,$2.50 Quality, at .:,.One Lot of Sailors,$3.50 Quality, at 1.$5.00 Pattern Hats$7.50 Pattern Hats 1at39c$1.48$1.98S2.48$3.98$10.00 Pattern Hatsat$15.00 Pattern Hatsatr$20.00 Pattern Hatsat !$25.00 Pattern Hatsat- x-.: $4.98-l $7.48$9.98- $12.50Children's Hats at Very Low Prices1 illHHUhIH iFHHi !STOREPARISKENTUCKY100 Dozen Ladies' Imported Silk Hose, 75c Quality at 50c Colors, Black, White, Tan, Brown, ChampagneLavender, Navy, Light Blue and Pink,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY, Wf 1912.UE BOURBON NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGHave it Put Aside.Select your wall paper at J. T.tpn's now and have it put aside.Hin-Lost20 DollarsBy not having my suit made by theUNITED WOOLEN MILLS.Uniform Rank to Meet.There will be a meeting of the Uniform Rank Khights of Pythias, Tueay night. On this occasion theKnights will meet to drill, and allmembers are requested to be present.Sinalco.Have you tried "Sinalco." the purefood soft drink? Evrybody's doing it.We, sell it.JAS. E. CRAVEN.A Derby Winner.Buy a "Winner" straw hat to wearto t"i2 Derby. Sold by 10-4tMITCHELL & BLAKEMORE:Buy Carlisle Prep erf y.The B. F. Adcock Realty Co., ofthi-? city, has purchased a tract ot lardin Henry ville, a negro suburb of Ghilisle. which will be suboivided intcbuilding lots and sold to ccl jred people. Help!'Sav, Ida, meet me down at the TJ. ited Woolen Mills, and help me selectrav suit.Attractive Styles.Shirts, neckwear and light weighthose that are most attractive inmaterial, style and finish. 10-4tMITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.Meeting of Stockholders.There will be a meeting of the stockholders of the Paris Tobacco WarehouspCo.at the ciuri: house, Saturday Msy18tbJ at 2 p. m. All farmers and bus.ness men of the town and county areinvited to be present. A tobacco market at Paris will benefit every business man in the county.Pay Less; Dress Better.Pay less and dress better.UNITED WOOLEN MILLS,Kiely Bldg.Boots, Oxfords and Pumps.Plenty of white Newbuck boots forladies, also oxfords and pumps, nowon sale at Felds' Shoe Store. tfLooking for Meat Thieves.Sheriff James Mitchell, of 'Carlislewas in the city Tuesday in search otthieves who entered the meat house ofJ. R Scott, near Moorefleld, Mondaynight, and stole a quantity of jneat.Sheriff-Mitchell received informationthat after committing the theft theperpetrators loaded he meat on aSDring' wagon and headed for Paris. Incompany with local officers an investigation was made, but nothing materalized from the search.Panamas.Our different styles in Panamas areworth your attention. 10-4tMITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.Graduating Gifts.Don't forget the girl or boy who isto graduate soon. Remember themwith a suitable gift. We have mostappropriate nresents. Call and lookthem over.17-2t PARIS BOOK STORE.No More, No Less.Why pay enormous prices to highprice tailors when we can make you anall-wool garment for $15, no more, noe"S UNITED WOOLEN MILLS.Just opened.. Kiely Bldg.No Club Organized.At the meeting of the progressiveCulture Club, Wednesday afternoon, attheir club rooms. Miss Aubyn Chinn,instructor in Domestic Science atState University, Lexington, delivereda very interesting talk. The organization of a Housekeepers' Club was noteffected, but the club decided to addthe department of HouseholdEconomicsto its program, and later in the year aclub may be organized to co-operatewith the Culture Club once each monthin the promotion of economics in thehousehold.New Standard Novels.We have restocked our circulatinglibrary with 'the latest standard fietions on the market. Call in and getsomething real new to read.17-2t PARIS BOOK STORE.PERSONAL MENTION.Mrs. Georcia Spears, who has beenill for some time, is improving.Mrs. Janey Current is visiting herson Mr. Harry Current in Winchester.Mrs. Jane Y. Rutherford, of Versailles, is visiting friends in this city.Mrs. W. L. Yerkes. who has beenquite ill with pneumonia.is recovering.Mrs. John Mattox visited Mr. andMis. Curran, in Cynthiana, Wednesday.Prof M. G. Thomson, of BourbonCollege, is improving after a seriousillness.Mrs. J. R. Adair and little daughter, of Texas, are visiting relatives inthis county.Mr. E. P. Clarke, formerly, cfthis city, remains quite ill at his homein Millersburg.Mi?ses Emma Nita Morford andAvah Hughes, of Ewing, were visitorsin Paris.gWednesday.Miss Alice Larue, of Shawhan,. isvisiting her sister, Mrs. F. W. Eber-hardt, in Frankfort.Mrs. Robeit Turner, of this city,attended the funeral of Mr. Jne C. Turner in Mt. Sterling Tuesday.Miss Rosina Elder has returnedfrom an extended visit to Misses Ireneand Mae Mackey, in Maysville.Mrs. Everett Ham, of San Francisco, Cal. , is the guest of ner Darents,Jjdge and Mrs: E. B. January.Mrs. J. C. Freeman, who has beenin Bluefields. W. Va., on an extendedvisit to relatives, has returnedjiome.Mrs. Wm. Hukill, Sr., has returned from a short visit to her daughter, Mrs. M. H. Davis, in Mayslick.Mrs. Anna Pierce, of Cincinnati,who has been the guest of Mrs. E. C.Kiley, m this city, has returned home.Miss Lucy Simms, of this city, at-te ided a luncheon given Wednesday byMrs. fcusan to. Carter in Versai les.Mr. E. T. Rule, who has been theguest of his parents, Mr. and Mrs. H.B. Rule, at Headquarters, has returnedhome.Mrs. J. Frank CI y will entertainthe Sewing Club this morning, andSaturday will entertain at cards at herhome in the country.Messrs. A. L. Burley asd Jos.Farris went to Miodlesboro, Tuesday,to attend the Grand Encamnment ofKentucky Odd Fellows.Miss Mary Ellen , Shea, who hasbeen under treatment at the St. JosephHospital, Lexington, has returnedhome, but continues dangerously ill.Mrs. E. M. Dickson has returnedfrom Danville, where she was calledon account of the illness of her father,Rev. L. H. Blanton, who is improving.Misses Ruth and Miranda Henry,who have been the guests of MissEllen Henry, on South Main street,have returned to their home in Carlisle. Mr. and Mrs. Catesby Woodford,Mrand Mrs. James A. Thompson, Mr.J. W. Ferguson, and Mr. Will KenneyFerguson xre attending the races inLouisville.Misses Willie Tingle and RuthHaggard, of Cincinnati, who have beenthe guests of Mrs. Alex Tingle, onFifteenth street, have returned totheir nomes.Mrs. Forrest Letton entertainedthe members ofthe Five Hundred Clubat her home near this city, Wednesdayafternoon. After the games delightfulrefreshments were served.Mr. Jos. H. Ewalt left yesterdaymorning 'for Lancaster, where lastnight he inspected the Lancaster Chapter. Royal Arch Masons. He was accompanied by Mr. M. H. H. Davis.The commencement exercises ofMargaret College. Versailles, will beheld on Tuesday. May 28. Miss MarieTalbott, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. W.G. Talbott. of this city, is ajmember ofthe graduating class. eThe committee, of which Mrs. E.M. Dickson is chairman, to serve dinner to the KnightsTemplar during theConclave to be held in this city, May29-30,will meet at the court house.Saturday afternoon, for the purpose ofperfecting plena looking to the completion of arrangements for this socialfeature.Mrs. Thompson Tarr entertainedat six hand feuchre yesterday afternoon, and her her guests ware :Mrs. John ifoung BrowrJSt. Louis: ivlrs. J. M. Hall. Mrs. SwhtChamp, Mrs. Ford Brent. iMrs. B. A.Frank, Mrs. Hugh Montgomery, Mrs.Jesse Turny, Mrs. Amos Turney, Mrs.Ben Woodford. Mrs. Miller Ward, Mrs.Amos Turney, Jr., Mrs. M. H. Dailey.and Mrs. Duncan Bell.Fresh Fish.Fresh fish of all kinds tor to-day andto-morrow.C. P. COOK & GO.Porch Furniture.Come in and look at our beautifulstock of porch furniture. . Also allikinds of furniture for the lawn; porchshades in all colors and sizes.J. T. HINTON.Standard Novels at 15 Cents.One hundred standard novels, takenfrom our circulating library offered tothe public at 15 cents a coDy, or twofor 25 cenls, while they last. Callearly and get the pick.7-2t "PARIS BOOK STORE.Accepts Traveling Position.Mr. H. C. Ogle, Jr. has resigned hisposition as city salesman for the Power Grocery Co., and has accepted atraveling position with the firm ofCurry, Brown & Snyder, of Lexington.His resignation becomes effective June1, and his Territory willcover the entire central portion of Kentucky. Mr.Ogle has been in the employ of thePower Grocery Co. for the uast fifteenyears, and during that period has served his Dresent employers in severalcapacities. For the past few years hehas been acting as citv salesman. Heis a young man of sterline worth, andwill no doubt prove valuable in his newposition. 'Bourbon County Pension Elgibles jGoing Some!Twenty-eight Confederate veterans 1 5 One hundrefd and forty-two suits theand widows of Confederate veterans of nrst week is going-some. There 13 arjournon ..county have made anDlica- reason.tiona for pensions which have beenfiled with Judge Denis Dundon whohas approved and will.certify them tothe pension commissioner, W. J. Stone,at Frankfort.At the last session o'f the Legislaturea billwas passed allowing the Confederate veterans a'nd Confederate veterans' widows a pension of $10 permonth, who came under the requirements of the bill which, in this county,includes eighteen .veterans and ten widows a& follows;George Gregory. Paris; John W.Turner, Paris; George W. Bowen.Pa:is; George S. Moore, North Middletown ; James N. Stone, North Middletown ; George W .Sparks, North Middletown ; William Morgan, county: Allen Kiser, Paris ; Robert D. Weaver,county ; Perry Jewell, Little Rock : L.Cooper, Little Kock; George C. Johnbod. North Middletown ;Henry Vickers,Little Rock J. P. Liaughlin, county;Martin Bowles, Willersbburg : WallaceBatterton, Shawhan.The widows of the veterans are as follows:Mrs Mollie J. Morris, Paris; Mrs.Frances Stuart, county ; Mrs.. LauraLair, Paris ; . Mrs. Theresa Hibler,Paris; Mrs.JJaney Curren, Paris Mrs,Ida Battartcn, Paris; MrE. Mary Wilson, Shawhan : Mrs. Mattie McCarney,Paris; Mrs. Mary Delaney, Pans:Mrs. Mary Jane Payne, Millersburg.Refrigerators.Our stock ot refrigerators is thelargest we have ever had. All kindsat all prices. Don't forget we areagents for the celebrated North Starthe best refrigerator in the world.J. T. HINTON..UNITED WOOLEN MILL.Kiely Bldg.t'Roxie" Davi$ !. Cbe Insurant AgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Calf.2 fiellos 137Strawberries.Fresh strawberries received everyday. Nothing but the best stock.C. P. COOK & CO.Attention.To ChildrenContest.in FlyEvery child that'enteis the fly contest must enterhis or her name withthe committee at the library no laterthan Saturday,' May 18. Unless thereare as many as twenty-five entriesthere will be no contest. Don't fail togive your name and win the prize.Toney Released to Louisville.The release of pitcher Fred Toney,of the Chicago Nationals, to the Louisville club of the AmericanAssociation.is announced by Manager Chance, ofthe Cubs. Toney was formerly acrack pitcher of the Winchester teamof the Blue Grass League.NOW IS THE TIME TOSpecial Showing of fLace Curtains and DraperiesNow is the Time to Make Your Selections 5Before the Best Numbers Are Gone .... 2I am in a position to show you the largest and best assortedstock in this part of the State. I make a specialityof thisdepartment and can save you money. AUofx:r curtains'are bought direct from the manufacturers, thQ-efore cutting out the middle-man profit. Many numbers I buy inlarge quantities, say fifty and hundred pairs i a c inglerice and give you the benefit of the saving, Captainsold heretofore at$ 2.00 now$1.50 $ 6.50 novv$5.002.50 now 1 .75 7.50 now 6.503.50 now 2.50 1 0.OO now 7.505.00 now 4.00 12.50 now 1 O.OOWe have in stock any kind, any price and if you giveus theopportunity will please you.x::W. Ed Tucker!Agent Butterick PatternsALWAYS THE NU.7Ir"If It Isn't an EastmanIt Isn't a Kodak."KODAKS, $5 to $20BROWNIE CAMERAS,$1 to $12On the Peacock pike abpout milesfrom Paris mohair cover from toij ofautomobile. Finder will be rewardedby returning same to the News office.17-2tTHE FAIR!SPECIAL VALUESFor Friday OnlyHeavy 14-oz. Mops, each 15c.Leatherette Chair Seats, including tacks, all sizes, each 8c.Extra large package . MothBalls, 10c size, at 6c.Gum Camphor,. 2 pieces for 5c.Granite Foot Tubs, 50c size,at 39c.Wire Picture Cord, per box 2c.Kid Hair Curlers, 5c package.Lemon Squeezers 5c.t Fishing Poles, complete withline, cork, etc., 5c.Cream Chums 8c.1-lb, Butter Molds 10c.WALL PAPER.All our 7 l-2c Papers reducedto 5c, with 9 and 18-inch bordersto match. Not until you see thispaper, can you realize values likethis....THE FAIR.A Full Line of Supplies.DAUGHERTYBROSFee's Specials!Lunch GoodsFull Cream New YorkState Chedder Cheese.PEEBLE'S Pimento Cheese.Strictly Fancy Brick Cheese.Stone's Silver Sliced Cakes.Country Club AssoriedLayer Cakes.Fee's Grocery Co.J:Victim of "Dips"Mr. William Stipp. of Glintonville,this county, was a victim of a "dip"while .attending the Confederate reunion at Macon, Ga.. 'last'week'. Asthe delegation from this" city .wasboarding the train on their return. Mr.Stipp was relieved of S17 in cash bypickpockets.they AH Lome Back:Over three million dollars' worth ofour garments delivered to the Americanpeople last year, and they are comingback for more.UNITED WOOLEN MILLS.Kiely Bldg.McCreary Not a Candidate.Gov. McCreary issued the following statement yesterday :"I am not a candidate tor UnitedStates Senator, and don't expect to bea candidate for that office. ."Several newspaDers have referredto me in this connection without authority. My greatest desire is to be afaithful and efficient uovernor."ManyYears'ExperienceWith' a reputation based upontwenty-five j-ears of successfulbanking experience theThe Bourbon Bank and' Trust Co.Paris, Kentucky,has amended its chartefso as tobe able to act as Executor or- Ad.ministrator .of E)states.as Guardianor Trustee and any other fiduciarycapacity.. With ample capital and- surplusand long experience, its- TrustDepartment is eminently qualifiedto render efficient service.You know heAe aAeno like heir fiovLAeArtfo-E"jDea r flmY.-j9on'who woudJo eveAlo dy eoxticl 4ee heand Aug.A ift-fiy ave-yoxL and o9 woxild noflAen'i our hxis Lands aood owhaever we wanios of. peopleo Jbe l'Ued nhkind of fxxAnixiAewo XIIdweo Leaiiify ouATl'o' wbn'deA wea'Ae fiappifif" ''mind,o -ukS J.u.ahoTnes wlh.?s j-asvpxtyiriy. 'Mih'.or hep raeiieeclKome. aVein;Bourbon Bank TrustParis, Ky.Co.,iCapital and Surplus : $146,000.003 per cent, paid on Time Depositseconomnur -ir oxL ct hi. - fieikt eiieap&fy i: :VXoxt.bp-(P. S.yo-a ae ke &estfirniire, andla AeaionaXrjte priced, fAom"'fc2rJ." jt. Hintqn' ' ' ' J. .H ' 'Jmi' Qm- Jm a. "'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 17, 1912BremlinLook much better,last longer!Furnish your windows with Bhadc3 oBrenlin and they'll always be well dressedFor Brenlin is made of closely woven doth;without the "filling" that causes ordinaryBhades to crack, wrinkle, fade and showunsightly "pin holes." Brenlin alwayshangs straight and smooth wears severaltimes as long as other shades, and costs,but a trifle more.OorMl 1K1 is made In many artistictrCJNLUl tones and n Brenlin Duplex colored one side, white the other.Come in and let us ehow you samples andQuote prices.For Sale by J. T. HintonTWIN BROSClothing DepartmentAH the Latest Ideas inSPRIHG DLDTHIHGNow On DisplayLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe DepartmentCity Permanently Enjoined.The Supreme Court Tuesday at-proved the action of the Federal Circuit Court of Western Kentucky in permanently enjoining tne city of Louisville from removing the telephoneequipment of the Cumberland Telephone and Telegraph Company fromits streets. The court held that thecompany possessed its rights underthe State law 'and not ander a city ordinance.Lame back is usually caused bvrheumatism of the muscles of the back.for which you will hnd nothing betterthean Chamberlain s Liniment. Forsale by all dealers.Buckhorn in Clark Handicap.The Courier-Journal of Tuesdaysavs :".Buckhorn made an lmnressivedebut as a 3-year-old at the Downs inthe third race yesterday and racedlike a colt which might give !evenWorth, The Manager, Free Lance,Duval or any other crack of his agen... il.. . TT l I-race ior me money. ne oio&e out infont like his competitors were standing still, and then after taking a winning lead breezed home as he pleasedi 1 fast time for the drying-out track.the race was a sort or workout idrthe Clark Handicap next Saturday.and he'will.probably be the pacemakerin that race tor the uiay stable, whichwill also likely be represented in thedig race by the great mare OceanBound."Kentucky Traction &Terminal Co."The Blue Grass Route."HOURLY HIGH-SPEED THROUGHSERVICE.33Paris Lexington Frankfort Division. 'Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Ver-failles and Frankfort every hour on !the hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m. , 'and -at 10 p. m., the last car going onlyas far as Versailles.Cars leave Lexington for Versaillesand Frankfort, and for Paris, everyhour from 6 a. m. until 7 p. m., andat 9 and 11 p. m., the last car goingonly as far as Versailles.Cars leave Versailles for Lexington,and Paris every 15 minutes after thehour from 6:15 a. m. until 8:15 p. m.and at 11:15 p. m., last car eroiner onlvas far as Lexington.Cars leave Versailles for Frankfortevery 45 minutes after the hour from6:45 a. m. until 7:45 p. m., and at 9:45p. m.Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington and Paris every thirty minutes after the hour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 p. m., and 10:30 p. m., the lastcar going only as far as Lexington.Georgetown, Lexington and Nichoiasviiie Division.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexington and Nicholas ville eveiy forty-fiveminutes after the hour from 5:45 a. m.until 6:45 p. m., and at s:05 and 10:05p. m. 'Cars leave Lexington for Nichola?ville every thirty minutes alter thehour from 630 a. m. until 7:30 p. m.,and at 9 and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville for Lexington every 15 minutes after the hourfrom 6:15 a. m. until 8.15 p. m. and at10:15 p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetown every hour on the hour from 6 a.m. until T p. m., and at 9 and 11 p. m.No 6 a. m. cars on Sundays.(llmy-tf)Hot and ColdBATHSHot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Polite-barbers always ready to wait on the-trade. No lcng waits.1 You ai e next.M. A. KAHAL.ThelNettletonJap ModelIs the BusinessMan's Favoritewith its comfortable, roomy fitting. qualities, its low,broad heel, and toeexpression of goodsense.We picture the JapModel in a soft GlazedKid Blucher, with aheavy single sole of oldfashioned oak - tannedleather. We have othermodels of the NettletonMake; but recommendthe Jap to the busy manfor every day wear.Ceo. McWilliams.99Jaynesville and5 CQRfl PL ANew WaygszpiGet results, are not complicated and have all up-to-datefeatures.Day Trip to St. Louis.By leaving Paris on L. & N. train8:20 a. m. direct connection is madewith the'.B. & O. S.-W. first train leaving Cincinnati 12 o'clock noon, daily,arriving St. Louis at 8 o'clock sameevening. This train carries eleganthigh back seat coaches, Parlor ears.Electric lighted dining car, and makesdirect connection in St. Louis UnionStation with all Western, Northwestern and Southwestern lines. OtherB. & O. S.-W. St. Louis first trainsleave Cincinnati, daily 2:15 a. m., 9:00ia. m. and 9 :15 p. m. Night trains haveelectric lighted sleeping cars Iwithindividual birth lights. For information as to fares and other particulars consult your local ticket agent, oraddress.S. T. SEELEY,T. P. A.. B. & O. S-W. R. R.513 Traction Bldg. Cincinnati, Ohio.May 7-14-21-28.Shaving Among the Ancients.Slfaving was practiced among theEgyptians early in the eighteenth century before Christ. The first mentionof it in the Scriptures is in Genesis,where Joseph made a hasty toiletwhen called to go before the kingand "shaved himself." Nearly a century later shaving the head is mentioned. Ezekiel (B. C. 595) alludes tothe "barber's razor."ij ;')'! 0 " fcfeAlsoSeal is Free to Veterans.Confederate Veterans who may applyfor pensionsunder the act of the lastLegislature cannot be required to paya fee for the making out of application papers, under an opinion given byJudge James Garnett, Attorney General. Judge Garnett has received numerous letters from County Clerksasking if they may or shall charge afee for placing the seal of the Stateon the application papers for veteransdesiring pensions, the law allowing afee of 50 cents each time the seal ofthe State is used..Judge Garrett gave it as hi3 opinion ttat unt e tre liw allowing pensions the clerks must make out the application papers for-the veterans andnot charge a fee. The law says thatno fee shall be charged the veteranswho may apply for pensions, andJudge Garnett holds that this prohibits the County Clerk from chargingfor the use of the seal of the State.Thousands of veterans who are applying or will apply for pensions will berelieved of the payment of these fees.t nrJETSLall TypesOWfOR SALE BYBourbon Oarage & SupplyCor, 4th and High Sreets,Paris, KentuckyRelievendiqestmnFor Bent.' F-'ont"room"over gas office. 'Suitablefor office. For further particulars aprly atJNtwB office.Flagged Train With Shirt.Tearing his shirt from his back anOhio man'flagged a train and saved itfrom a wreck, but T. H. Alston,Raleigh, N- Conca prevented a wreckwith Electric Bitters. "I was in aterrible plight when I began to usethem," he writes, "my stomach, head,back and kidneyswere all badly affected and my liver was in bad condition,but four bottles of Electn'c Bittersmade me feel like a new man." Atrial will convince you of ftheir matchless merit for any stomach, liver -orkindey troable. Price 50c at Ober-dorfer's.Important Tax Decision.The Court of AppealB reversed theLyon court in the case of HillmanLand and Iron Company against theCommonwwealth and remanded forjudgment. The action was one to assess land, not given in , as ommittedproperty, and also money on depositin a Kentucky bank but owned b.v aforeign ocrporation.The court says that if any pa,rt ofthe acreage of a farm is not reportedby the owner to the Assessor, thatis, the actual number of acresowned, it can later be assessed aBommitteo property.It holds that money of a foreign corporation deposited here only to pay expenses of its operations is not liablefor taxation, that the situs of the taxation is the home of its corporation.How's This.We offer one hundred dollars rewardfor any case of Catarrh that cannot becured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.F. J. Cheeney & Co., Toledo O.We the undersigned, have known F.J. Cheeney for the last fifteen years,and believe him perfectly honorable inall business transactions, and financially'able to carry out any obligationsmade by his firm.WALDING, KINNAN & MARVIN,Wholesale Druggists, Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Price, 75c.per bottle. Sold by all druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.Almost Instantly.A little tablet called "Digestif hasbrought instant, relief to thousandstheir own statraents are proof. Twoor three tablets after meals or whensuffering stops fomentation, preventsdistress, relieves .indigestion and almoBt instantly cures dyspepsia.Brown's Digestit is sold with the distinct understanding tthat your moneywill be refunded if you want it 50c.Ask at G. S. Varden & Son's.Col. Clay Quits Racing Commission. Col. E. F. Clay, of Paris, Tuesdayresigned to Governor McCreary as amember of the state racing commission. Col Clay did not state his reasons for resigning, but the general supposition is that is due to the poor stateof his health. iCollClav has been a member of thecommission since the creation of the jDOuy six years ugu, hb iiavuj ueeiione of the original five appointed byGovernor Wilson in 1910. Colonel Clayfor thejpast two years servedas Chairman and Milton Young as Vice Chairman. They latter Jnow becomes theChairmau.There is a healthy sentiment in behalf of Fred A. Forsythe, of Harrodsburg.as the successor of Colonel Clay.Mr. Forsythe is well equipped forthe position. He is a college graduate and a graduate in the law, thoughnot a practitioner. He has been allalong the line as'-an owner and breederand he has made a success of allhis undertakings. In racing he wasof the firm of Chinn & Forsythe,which turned out the master of Fountainblue Stud, which is located in Mercer county.In accepting the resignation of Col.Slay, Governor McCreary says: "Iregret very much that you tenderedyour resignation. I regard you as oneof the best equipped members of theState Racing Commission, and Ihoped you would be connected with itduring my terra of Governor."Now is the time to get rid of .vourrheumatism. You can do it by applying Chamberlain's Liniment -andmassaging the parts freely at eachapplicatin. For sa;e by all dealers.My Doctor Said"Try Cardui," writes Mrs. Z. V. Spell, of Hayne, N. C." I was in a very low state of health, and was not able tobe up and tend to my duties. I did try Cardui, and soonbegan to feel better. I got able to be up and help do myhousework. I continued to take the medicine, and now Iam able to do my housework and to care for my children,and I feel as though I could never praise Cardui enoughfor the benefits I have received."take TheLARDU 1 WomansTonicCardui is successful, because it is made especially forwomen, and acts specifically on the womanly constitution.Cardui does one thing, and does it well. That explainsthe great success which it has had, during the past 50 years,in helping thousands of weak and ailing women back tohealth and happiness.If you are a woman,-feel tired, dull, and k are nervous,cross and irritable, it's because you need a tonic. Why nottry Cardui? Cardui builds, strengthens, restores, and actsin every way as a special, tonic remedy for women. Testit for yourself. Your druggist sells Cardui. Ask him.for Special Instructions, and 64-page book, " Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 55Woodland Stock FarmHeadquarters for Draft Horses.Strong Tastes and Palates.-Fifteenth century Englishmen seldom used either milk or butter. Theyused great quantities of spices, however, in their food, and, apparently,did not'care for the more delicate flavors that suit modern palates. It ispointed out by a writer that storageeggs and "renovated" butter wouldhave -had a ready' market with them.Tig Often 8o."I hope, sir," said the minoj actor,"that I filled my part competently."'"Aat is a consideration of no importance," replied the star. "Like theother members of the supporting cast,you are here simply to provide, a comparison , that will make the audienceappreciate the excellence of my acting." vBLACK PRINCENo. 48710.$1 5 to Insure.BLACK PRINCE. - Bought of theGreenville Stock Farm, is a splendidtype of the draft horse, three yearsold, black Percheron, 17C0 pounds inweight. Has proven to be a sure foalgetter and is the kind of horse thatwill appeal to your fancy both inlooks and work. Yoa can make nomistake in breeding to him.BiarleyBlack Percheron.Wt. 1760$15 to Insure,BURLEY is a splendid specimen of thedraftjaorse and his get have provento be of the very best., Thereis a steadily growing demand for the class ofhorses produced by Burley, both uponthe farm and in the cities. Tney canstand more work than the general runof horses. Burley is 7 years old, abeautiful black. He is well formedand of the class that catches the eye.In selecting a horse to breed to, select one whose produce commandsthe test price.The above horses will make the season of 191 2 at Woodland Stock farmAbout 7 miles North of4Paris on the Cynthianapike.Money due when colt isfoaled, mare transferred or bred to other stock without my consent. Lienretained on all eoltsmtil season money is paid. Care taken to prevent accidents but no responsibility assumed should any occur.STERLING HINKSON, Lair, Kentucky.THE BOURBON jJEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 17, 19loWill start a Ba nk Account here andstart you oi the road to Success.. . ; -aMILLERSBURG ITEMS.mCapital$100,00.00rsn nailSurplus$679500.00Projection$2675SOO.OOM JS. Z8Sr-edby Allerton 2.03J4', the world's leading sire of standard performers;dam Kaiharina (great broo 1 mare), by Alcyone 2:27; second dam KatieJackson; by Almcnt 33. Holder of world's pacing record, 14 miles', 3:15.TERMS: $50 TO INSURE A LIVING FOALPeter Bitfiken (3) 2s 1Son of Peter The Great 2:07leading sire of fu urifcy winners, dam Baro 1 lassie, by Bai'on "Wilkes 2:18.Winner of e-heat. r rce against aged heroes.Terms: $50 to Insu e a LivingFoa2.Wiggins 88907(2) 2.1. of Black Wig 2:07. Remorseful 2:08t Dorcas H. 2:0S, Betsy G.2:10, Katherine A. 2:11 (Ky Futurity winner 1902), Bessie Brown 2:12,Nedra W. 2:14, Rena Wise 2:15, Sheeney 2:lf, Wig Wag 2:16, (chamon of Europe) Dargee 2:19, and twenty-three others in 2:30 list.$25 To Insure a Living foal.Tom Macfe.The celebrated Jame? E. Clay j ack, will make the season at Maplehurst StockFarm. TomMaci is the best breeder of mules that euer stood in the county.$12 to insure a Living Eoal.W. A. BACON, Paris, Ky.BORN Wednesday morning to Mr.,and Mrs. Wallace-Thorn a son.Butler & Wheeler are remodling abarn for J. M. Caldwell near Paris.See the nice line of fresh candy atWell's Restaurant. M. P. WELLS-17-2tElder Alex Sanders, of Irvine, isthe sruest of his daughter. Mrs. W.G. Daily.Mr. Bryan Long, of Indianapolis,Ind., was the guest of his mother,Mrs. Emma Long this weekMrs. U. E. Perrin, and sons, arrivedMonday from Custer, S. D. , as guestsof her sister. Mrs. G W. Daily.Mr. and Mrs. W. M. Miller entertained the seniors of M. F. 0. and M.M. I. Thursday evening f ro.m 7 to 10.Mrs. Robert Boone and little son,Milton of Claude. Tex., arrived Wedto be at the bedside of her father, Mj.E. P. Clarke.Col. and Mrs. C. M. Best and theM. M. I. Senor Class will give a lawnparty this afternoon from 4 to 7:30 onM. M. I. campus.vMr. and Mrs. R. L. Wilson, Sr. returned Tuesday -after a short visit, totueir son and daughter Mr. and Mrs.T. R. Wilson, in Pendleton.Mr. Bell Taylor and daughters,Mesdames T. J. Jbdy and Emma T.Long attended the birthday celebrationof Mrs. Ashbrook at "Cynthianayesterday.Mrs. Mollie Slack, of Sharpsburg,arrived Monday as the guest of herbrother. J. T. Peed. She is enrouteto her home from Florida where shespent the winter.The best line of candy both in quality and quantity is found at Weli'sRestaurant. No Middlemen. Itcomes direct from the factory. Ityou buy once you will buy again.17 2b. ' M. P. WELLS.The cadets of M. M. T. are rehearsing their play which will be the mostinteresting of the commencement exercises. It will be put on the eveningof may 27, at M. M. I. drill hall. Thetitle of the piece is ' 'The Toastmaster. ' 'The cadets will be assisted by MissesRuth McClintock and Martha Smith.Miss Katherine Harper one of theSeniors in piano at M. F. 0. gave herrecital at M. F. C. auditorium - Tuesday. She was greeted by a largeaudienc. Miss Harper was assistedby Miss Bettie Maris, as vocalist, andMiss Adams in expression, both ofwhom did well. Miss Maris has anexceptionally good voice which hasbeen well trained and she sings withmuch feeling.The most notable event of the season was the elaborate reception givenlast Wednesday afternoon by AmityLodge No. 40, F. & A. M., at theMasonic temple. All the representative people of the town an communitywere present and quite a number ofvisitors from all of the surroundingtowns.The spacious lodge room wasbeautifully decorated in cut flowersand pooted plants, artistically arranged. A Lexington orchestra furnishedthe music and was stationed withina bower of cut flowers. The roomwas darkened and softly illuminated.The soft strains of orchestra as theyascended the stairway from the streetto the main lodge room.More than four hundred guestswere present and were divided intot iree hours as to have about one thirdpresent at a time. From the timethe receiving line took upits positionuntil the hour of five arrived therewas one continual stream of peopleiULFLANDERSAutomobiles E-M-FYou Want -the Best1 nrrnrpassing in and out of the temple.me, guests were met attne mamdoor by the chairman of the committee of their respective hour and ushered into the presence of the receiving" line, with WorshiDful Master MP. Collier at its head, consisting ofthe following daughters of the lodge,Misses Alfa Ball, Alma Duke Jones,Lucille Daily, Lula McNamara, Martha Smith and Rankin, after whichthe guests visited the frappe tablesand mingled about the room socially.while ices and cakes were served.Souvenirs were then given each guestand as they left the building theyleft the building they were requiredto register.It was an event that was enjoyedby all present and will be remembered most pie nantly- araon the socialfeatures of Millersburg for years tocome.Those who assisted in the entertaining were Mesdames 0. R.Rankin,J. B. Cray, G. W. Daily, P. L. Dimmitt, E. P. Thompson, S. R. Allen,C. M. Best, D. E. Clarke, Aaron McConnell, W. M. Miller, Frank Collier,T. T. Bentley, V. L. Barton, S. M.Allen, D. P. Jones, Peale Collier, W.V. Shaw, J. W. Mock, C. B. Smith,W. F. Sanders. The following committee of which Mrs. O. R. Rankinwas chairman had supervision ovorthe entire entertainment, Mesdames0. R. -Rankin, C. M. Best, C B.Smith, J. B. Ciay and W. V. Shaw.The success of the entertainmentdepended mostly on Mr. W. V.Shaw who was a member of the committee on arrangements and thru hisuntiring efforts from the time thatcommittee was named gave much orhis valuable time to make it a success. He was assisted by M. P. Collier and D. P. Jones. This is the firstrece Dtion Amity Lodge has ever givenin the past four years, and the oneproceeding it is pleasantly remembered. For commencement gifts see McConnell's line of bracelets, lockets,rings, mesh bags, la valiars, pins andnice line of college and souvenirspoons.AARON McCOSNELL14-2t. Jeweler and Optition.The commencement exercises ofM. F. C. open this evening at 8 o'clockat M. F. C. auditorium, with an entertainment by the primary department,and Saturday morning, day exerciseswill be held. Saturday at 8 p. m. ,play by Class m-xpressicn. Sunday10:30 a. m., Baccalaureate sermon by,Dr. Wilkerson, of Louisville. Sunday evening at 8, p. m. sermon tothe College Missionary Societies,Monday at 10 n. m. Alumnia Exercises. Banquet at noon. Mondaj'- at 8p. m. Annual Concert. Tuesday 10a. m., Commencement Exercises.Baccalaureat address by Dr. Wilkeison. sWhat more appropriate gi fi can yougive than a high grade watch. Nextto ones family a watch is a person'sclosest companion. It is referred tomany times a day. You can have itengraved with an appropriate inscription and in after years with what prideit will be shown to friends as thewatch which dear olu father andmother, or so-and-so, gaye me on theday of my graduation.AARON McCONNELL,14-4 1. Jeweler and Optition.The Twentieth Century Club closedits year's work Monday at a meetingat the home of Mrs. S. Clarke.The club has been studying Hollandduring the past year. A delightfulprogram was rendered culminatingwith a very elaborate Dutch lunchwhich embraced everything constf-tuting a strictly Dutch lunch, including cigars, which were made ofcandy. After lunch a prersel huntwas indulged in by the guests of theclub. Miss Ella Marshall won the firstprize, after finding- twenty-threepretseis. Tne prize consisted ot adozen hand painted plate cards inDutch. The booby prize was won byMrs. Chas. Martin.Flanders "20" Roadster, $750Don't be alarmed if somebody tells you you can buy an automobilefor less money than the $750 Studebaker-Flanders "20." You can, butyou better not. The Flanders "20" corresponds point by point with thebest and highest priced cars sold. Cheaper cars at every vital point arebuilt on ideas long ago discarded for good cars. Don't take our word forit. Make comparisons and see.The Studebaker-Flanders "20" is a marvel a high grade modern carat a low price. If you pay less you buy much less. And the cheaper cartoday will cost you far more in the long run. The competing car isn'tsold which the Studebaker Corporation, the greatest automobile manufacturers in the world, couldn't reproduce for less money; but we won'tbuild a cheap car, because the name "Studebaker" means the best foryour money.If you are content with a car that runs today and dies tomorrow,don't buy the $750 Flanders "20." It will wear for years. Remember 'this the . Studebaker-Flanders "20" will outwear 2 to 1 any other carunder $1100 and give you double satisfaction, confidence and comfortinto the bargain.We can prove it Send for new catalogueThe Studebaker Corporation vDetroit. Mich.Bourbon Garage & Supply Co.4th and HishSts. Phone 347"Egyptian Baron sun.Trial over 3-4 Trsck S3condsSlow 2:09 1-4Sired by Oakland Baron 2:09, winner of the Kentucky futurity. Sireof Gail Hamilton 2:06J. Rhythmic2:06J. Baron De Shay 2:08J.1st dam Egyptienne, race rec)d,2 18. dam of Egyptian, Baron orj2:09. Egyptienne by Mambrino K(tr1279, sire of Lady of the Manor 2:04inHeir-at-Law 2:05 3-4, Lord Derby2:05 3-4, grand sire of Minor Heir1 :58i.2nd dam Bay Hambletonian (by Hambletonian 10, sir,, of George Wilkes(2:22.) Bav Hambletonian dam ofHenrietta 2:17, Egvntienne 2:18, DonFulano 2:22 (sire of Maude M.2:15 3-4. Best Chimes 2:5i;) Artie(dam of Artie. King 2:19J,Nora Chimts2:23. Tornado Chimes 2:24, LvdiaVincent 2:28,) Lady Bug (dam ofJune Bug 2:29) Mink (dam of Comanche 2 :22J)Third dam by Gold Dust 150.EGYPTIAN BARON is a black horse15.2. A grand individual and one ofthe best retsresentatives of the greatBaron Wilkes, now known as theFuturity family. He is one of thefastest best headed horses in Kentucky., and has been a mile over mythree-quarter track, which is at leastthree seconds slower than Lexington,in 2:09J, lasu half in l:03i, last quarter in :30X. Although he is a pacer,he was a natural and fast trotter andcould trot in 2:40 at two years old.Was raced a little for educatiaon. andproved himself a game level headedrace horse, and if he stays right, wepredict a record of 2:05 or better thisyear. He has served a few mares, andhis colts are good individuals and fast.One, a yearling, out of a pacing mare,is one of the best trotters, for hiswork, I ever had trotted a mile, withfew days work, last fall, in 2:58. lasthalf in 1:26. last quarter in :42.Egyptian Baron will serve a few approved mares at$25 to Insure a Living FoaLCare taken, but no responsibility! assumed for accidents or escaoeB.i Money dua in all cases if mare changesj hands cr is parted with. Mares kept on grass at 51.00 per week.I'flJi DOUGLAS THOMAS, Paris Ky.Job PrintingWORK DONE.WHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!TRE JQB R0OfRS OfTHEByRBNNewsAre prepared to do the best ofPrinting oil short notice such asBILLHFAHSLETTERHEADS,CARDS,,CATALOG,POSTERS,and; in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOui facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type" is new and modernfaces. fthe Bourbon n?w$,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknovK on application.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 17, 1912Swings,Beautiful new line of lawn and uorchswings. The nicest lot we have ever"shown.J. T. HINTON.Refrigerators.Get the new Iceberg refrigerator''sold bytf A. F. WHEELER & CO.Refrigerator Time.Now is the time to think about thatnew refrigerator for this summer. Wehave the largest stock we have everbrought on. See the line, they are thekind that save ice.?. T. HINTON.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfr"Zl)e Borne of Correct Toofwear.9 9DAN COHEN!iThe Time toBuy is Now,I The PlaceOUR STOREYou will save time and money whenyou purchase your Spring and Summer Footwear here. We have a largeassortment ofWhite Shoes and Pumpsin Canvas and Nu-Buck for Womenand Children at a range of prices tosuit the most economical shoppers.These bargains could not foe duplicated anywhere outside our store.A Sure Fit.See our line of Pumps and Colonials in allpopular leathers and fabrics. For fit, style andcomfort they are not curpsced.The prices are unusually low, quality considered.Keep cool rnd comfortable in a pair of thefamous Walk-Over Oxfords. We have them in allthe latest styles in Black and Tan Oxfords.iIWe Save You Money on YourFootwear Purchases.DAN COHEN,I 336 Main St., Paris, Ky. .BASE BALL.,. 'TUESDAY.Paris . . 8 4' 667M Vsv'e ' 7 5 583Fr'nkf't 6 4 600Lexi'gn 6 6 500Richm'd 4 7 364Win'ster 1 3 8 273In the last game of the series Wednesday, Paris defeated the Rivermenby a score of 5 ot 4 in a ten inning content. By clean hitting Pans tied thescore in the eighth and won out in thetenth. CamDbell drew a fine of $5 fordisputing a decision of umpire Mulligan. The score.Paris 0 10200010 1-5Mavsville 0 10300000 04Batteries Paris, Koehler and Delehant; Maysville, Beer and Snyder.HitsParis 9, Maysville 7. ErrorsParis 2 , Maysville 1. Two base hitsSanford, Pppken, Harrell. Threebase hits Locke. Kuhlman. Homerun Snyder. Sacrifice hits Carmody2. Koehler 2, Popken. Stolen basesBentonlSanford 2. Bases Jon balls offKoehler 4. oft Beer 3. Struck outby Koehler , by Beer 3. Left onParis 4, Maysville 4. DoubleCampbell to Harrell. PassedDelehant 2. Fiist base on errorMaysville 1. Time of game 1:50.Umpire Mulligan.basesplaysballsWEDNESDAY.Fr'nkf't 7 4 634Paris .. 8 5 615M'ys'v'e 7 6 538Lexi'g'n 7 6 583Richm'd 5 7 417Win'ster 3 9 250The Colts and Bourbonites met inLexington Wednesday, in their firsttilt of the season, resulting in a victoryfor the former by a score of 5 to 2 Inthis contest Blankenshio lost his firstgame, but the loss was no discredit tohis abilities, as his teammates failed intheir support, and were unable to hitCamnitz. the Colt twirler.The game was fast and fuil of interest. Ihe locals scored their two runsin the third, when.Popkin reached second on an error, and Campbell bouncedone under the center field fence for ahome run.In the fifth inning Fopkin was putout of the game by umpire Mulliganfor back talk, and his place was filledby Wood. The score :Paris , 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 02Lexington 10010300 x 5Batteries Paris, Blankenship andDelehant; Lexineton, Camnitz andVallandingham. Hits Paris 5, Lexington 3; Twn-hase hits Locke, Goodman,-Ellis. 'Home run Campbell.Bases on balls off Camnitz 2; offBJankenship 1 : Struck out by Camnitz 13; bv Blankenship 4. Leit onbases Lexington 3: Paris 7; Sacrificehits ddir,gton,Berton. Sacrifice flyEllis. Wicker. Hit by pitcher Popkin.Time 1 :45. Umpire Mulligan.At Frankfort Maysville, 5. Frankfort, 6.At Richmond Richmond, 7, Winchester, 2.Thinks Bourbon Man Best SuitedSince the resignation of Col. E. F.Clay, resigned as a memher of the Kentucky Racing Commission there havebeen a number mentioned for the position. The Courier-Journal says 'thatwhile Fred A. Forsyth, who ha3 beensuggested as Col. Clay's successor, isregard edasa gocd man for the daceby all horsemen, the rank and file nowat Churchill Downs thin Catesby Woodford would make as efficient a memberot the board as could be selected.Many horsemen think Bourbon conuty.i : r i t i 1.1 i i -ijueiiJKau ivyai uu.ine cnorougnorea interest, should have a representation onthe board and that Col. Clay's successor should come from that, county.Catesby Wcodford has 'been prominent inltheturf world for more thanthirty years and like Col. Clay has the-highest standing m the racing andbreeding universe. He ib the presentpresident of the Kentucky Association,and his activity in the behalf of thattract has much to do with the successof racing at Lexington in the last fewyears. At his sugest'on many refo mshave been inaugurated in racing recently, which has gone to the credit ofhorsemen who pushed thejssue to thefront, while Mr. Woodford, who suggested the measures remained in thebackground. John T. Ireland has alsobeen suggested as a competent man tofill Col. Clay's place, and he has astrong following with credentials HieM r. Woodford, inasmuch as he alsocomes from Bourbon county. Mr. Ireland, like Mr. Wocdford, has long beenconnected with racing and his recordon the course is above reproach.RELIGIOUS.Held (o Grand Jury.John Asher, colored, was held to thegrand jury in Justice Fretwell's courton a charge of malicious cutting.Asher is alleged to have cut anothernegro by the name of Ed Dorsey, inNorth Middltown and was arrested byMarshall Gibson on a warrant issuedby Squire W. A. Thomason, and lodgedin jail here.Counter Claim Filed.In the Fayette Circuit Court yesterday in the case of R. B. Hutchcraftvs. David S.Gay. the defendant filedan answer, counter-claim and cross petition Thursday asking that the causebe transferred to the Master Commisioner to take proof and to state andsettle the accounts of the Dartnershipbetween the plaintiff and the defendant, and all other members who weremade parties to the action by the defendant in the cross-Detition. The defendant asks for judgement againstthe plaintiff and all other members ofthe partnership, in the sum of $5,180.02, with interest from February 5.1902. The other members of the oartnerbhiD mentioned are Ford Brent,trading and doing business as CharlesS. Brent & Brother. J. S. Wilson.George W.Stuart, of Paris, C. S.Brert,deceased, whose personal representative is the becurity Trust Company,W. Bush Nelson and the Farmers andBlue Grass Seed Company.Art Exhibition.The greatest collection of famous"pictures ever brought tothis ciy is nowon exhibrtionl in the corridors of thecity school '.building. This is a greatopportunity and it is to, be hoped thatevery body will come at least once.Buildingjonen from 3 to 5 in the afternoon and from 7 :30 to 9:30 in theeveninj.All the prcueedsexcept the expressage on the exhibits will ,be spent forpictures for the walls of the schoolrooms. Good programs ; each afternoon and evening. Admission only 10cents.Checks Issued to County Teacher&.State Treasurer Rhea yesterday issued checks to the amount of $445,204.the halarce due trie . gounfy schoolteachers, tt.e last iiifctaHmtnt of theirsalary for the past school year. Thismoney was due some two months ago.but there has not been e ojgh moneyin the treasury to pay it until nowwhich is an assurance the teachers inthe Bourbon schools will receive .theirmoney in the next few days.Rain Prevents ParisLexingtonGame.Rain which fell vesterrinv mnrninrprevented the game'between Paris aridi-exingion scneauied in this city yesterday afternoon. TheWhite Park were in no shape for a contest and the management decided aboutnoon to call off the game.Only one same was nlavprl in theleague .yesterday, that heiJtucnmona ana Winchester resulting inthe Pioneers winning by a score of 4to 2. The Maysyjlle-Frankfort gamewas also postponed on account ot wetgrounds.No change is made in the Hi-nnd;in the clubs excent Rinhmnnrl nri Winchester, the former increasing its percentage to 462 while the latter dropped a few points to 231.Rev. George H. Harris will proachSunday mqrnii'g at 10:45 o'clock at St.Peters Episcopial church.The Pastors Aid Society of thePresbyterian church will hold theirmeeting on Tuesday, May 21, insteadof the fourth Monday in May, as previously announced. The meeting willbe held in the parlors of the church.Rev. Yutaka Minakuchi will fillthetpulpit at the Presbyterian churchSunday morning at 10:45 o'clock.Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive will be in hisDulpit at the night service, which willbe held at 7:30 o'clock. Christian Endeavor at 7 o'clock. Prayer meetingWednesday evening at 7 :30 o'clock.Rev. E. M. Lightfoot will be inhis pulpit Sunday morning at the Bedtist church. The subiect for his kpV-mon will be "The Value of a ( nnsr -crated Parent." There will be no services at night, as Rev. Lightfoot willpreach the baccalaureate sermon to thegraduating d iss of Bourhon Cnllpn-rat the Christian church.MATRIMONIAL.The following marriage licensewere issued by County Clerk PearcePaton: Mr. Sherwood B. Faison andMrs. Elizabeth Marie Hardin, Mr. H.F. Courtney and Miss Ethel Cord.DEATHS.FITZPATRICK.Little Sarah Ellen Fitznatrick,aged twenty-one months, daughter ofMr. Alfred Fitzpatrick. of UJscondida,died from marasmus, Friday morning,at an early hour after a urotracledillness. The funerial took place fromthe residence Wednesday morning.Pleasant for Papa."So," said the indulgent father,"young Mr. Nervey wants to take youaway from me." "O! yes," repliedthe dear girl, "but he says he'll bringme back after the wedding journey.He has decided that we shall boardwith you." Catholic Standard andTimes.Trial This Morning.Tom Board'man. colored, was arrested yesterday morning by PatrolmanMcKenney, upon a warrant sworn outby Mr. H. O. James. Boardman is 'alleged to have gone ot the home of Mrs.m Barnett', near this city, where hecreated a disturbance, andused threatening words toa colored woman employed there. Hs will be tried beforeJudge E:J3, January this morning at,io o'clock.Railway Surgeons Iri Session.Tha annual meeting oj the" Kentucky State Association of Railway' Surgeons began yesterday at the PhoenixHotel in Lexington. About fifty doctors from all parts of the State are inattendance. The election of officerswill take Dlace this morning and themeeting will conclude this afternoon.Dr. Frank Fithian, of this city, wason the program yesterday for a discussion on the subject of "Colles'Fracture." Dr. C. G. Daugherty, also of Paris, will engage in a discussion following a paper on "Erysipelas."Dr. Daughtery is also a member ofthe Committee on Arrangements.Among the physicians present, andon the prrgram, is Dr., Louis Frank,formerly of -Paris, a noted surgeonwho will today cotribute a paperfrom the subject, "Brain Injuries."Traps Used In Fly Campaign.Fly trans arc Droving quite a successin the campaign against tne fly, thatis being waged vigorously in this city.'The above illustration is of the trapsthat are on sale at the various nlac- sin the city and will prove invaluablein the fly contest for the crazes offeredby the. Civic League.-. "ROYALBAKINGPOWDERAbsolutely Puresi?Economizes Butter, Flour,Eggs; makes the food moreappetizing and wholesomeThe only Baking Powder madefrom Royal Grape Cream of TartarBinquet ToNight.The Mens' Baraca Class of the Baptist church will entertain the malemerrbshin of that church ifh abmquet this evening at 7:30 k,' 1 k,and very enjoyable time is anticipated by all. The banquet is a resultof a contest entered into by twoteams of the class, known as theReds and Blues, andaftera six weekscanpaign the members of the Bluesam8 out victorous. About twentyfive invitations have been sent out toth.3 members of the church and theclass cordially invites all the menwno are members to attend.Uses of Vanity.An excess of vanity brings rldiculoupon its possessor, just as an utterlack of it inspires contempt in thebeholder. Of the two, ridicule is theleast, harmful; moreover, the objectof jibes and jests always possessesthe pGwer to modify and refine excessive vanity into wholesome, elevating pride.Notice,Liveiymen.'anda 11 owners of horse?,cows, etc.. within the cit limits: Remove it anure heaps from your premises riot less than orce in each savenda8. Heeil this notice, please. Thelaw willbp ptrictly enforced.A. H. KELLaR, Health CHFicer.gBy order of the Board. 14-2tYarn of the Deep Blue Sea.One of the most unique battles everwitnessed between creatures of thesea occurred several years ago in thePacific. Frank Bullen, a sailor, tellsof seeing a duel between a whale andan octopus. The arms of the monster were entwined about the hugehead of the whale. The octopus hadeyes a foot in diameter, and a headlarge enough to contain 350 gallons.The whale was victorious.Every gallon pays a big dividendThere's as much difference between sprayed and unsprayed vegetables as there is between those grown on goodand poor soil. A gallon of spray material costs only a fewcents, but the increase in the value of vegetables sprayed withit amounts to dollars. Try spraying as an investment;S-ff BORDEAUX MIXTURE (paste) is a widely used fungicide forgarden use, put up in convenient paste form. This preparation isparticularly effective in checking mildew and other fungus diseases.S -W Bordeaux is easily prepared as all that is needed is the addition of water and it is ready to use. Retains its strength indefinitely.C. A. DAUGHERTY.vwsjiforjrm oftmllaroii FAcfcfWE live, we grow old, and the last years shouldYf fvif firotir ow J C 1 .J l ..ioe rree rrom care, instead ot- hnrHonorl ,,;k' "w.avv V A tlxthe weight of having to provide. This should havebeen done in youth by the practice of frugality anda live bank account.United States Depository for Postal SavlnesWe pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accounts tDEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS, i:Capital $100,000Surplus $30,000t'fMr. f