THE BOURBON NEWS.PTJBLIS'HED EVFBY TUESDAY AND FBEtfAY IN THE YEAB'r M-jWV' -.VOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1912imrewfVM"BIHMIH.East Tcnn. Phone 288 Home Phone 130 IWhere Quality Counts inSterling SilverWeight, Fineness, Durability,Finish.Our display of Sterling Silver is the largest,finest, and more complete than everjshownin Paris. Goods of Quality only pleasingto the eye ornamental to the home practical for service.!Prices the Very jCowestWe Cordially Invite Your Inspection of Our Displayof Sterling Wares, Novelties and NewFall Styles in Jewelry.The House of QualitySHIRE & FITHIAN.IJfe!i&Be Progressivejjf By Paying Cash For Groceries.Arter Keadmg lhese f rices, Consult yffYour Last Bills and See Where You ypCan Save One-Third of Your Past if))Living Expenses. ':::::- M17-lbs. Eastern Granulated Sugar $1.008 Bars Lenox Soap 25c6 Bars Octagon Soap 25c6 Bars Clean-Easy Soap 25cOld Reliable Coffee, per lb 30cSilver Seal Coffee, per lb 30cGood bulk Coffee, Santo's, per lb 25cFancy Dried Peaches, per lb ...... 12 l-2cChoice Dried Peaches, per lb V.TTTT.TTSV. ?V .v. . .. 10cBulk Mince Meat, per lb I 10cPackage Mince Meat, per lb 8 l-3cNavy Beans, per lb 6cKidney Beans, per lb 8cMixed Beans, per lb 5cCracked Homney, per lb 3cWe Guarantee Weight and Quality.BLUE RIBBON PLOUR25-f b Sack SOc50-lb Sack $1.55100-lbSack $3.1 0T. C. LEINIHAIN,Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234OUSANDOF VOTESARE BEING POLLEDEVERY DM.firThe Bourbon News' Great Automobile and Prize Campaign IsNow In Its Most Exciting Stageand Changes Will Be NotedDaily Many of Those WhoWere Down In The List AreBeginning to Forge to TheFront Put In Your Best .Efforts From Now Until TheClose."WE KNOW HOW"THE BIG BONUS VOTE OFFERWhich Closed Last Night Was aGreat Success, and With aSlight Change, the Same WillBe Repeated This Week GetOut and Hustle In The Subscriptions, For on Your EffortsNow Will Spell Suceess or Defeat For You.Yesterday, the close of;the big BonusVote Offer, was a busy day for thecontest department. AJ1 day long andup until 9 o'clock in the evening thecontestants and their friends keptbringing in the subscriptions. Almostevery active candidate in the racecalled at the contest department duringthe day or sent in subscriptions bvmailand hundreds of thousands of voteswere issued.The Big Bonus Offer, with a slightchange, will be repeated again thisweek. 9,000 extra votes will be givenon all new subscriptions and 8,000 extra votes on all old subscriptionsturned in before December 2. No extra inducement other than above mentioned will be given on old subscriptions in North Middletown and Millersburg as was made in the offer oflast week.Contestants should call the attentionof the subscribers to the fact thatthose who are in arrears after the contest closes will be cutoff the list." Uncle Sam's new ruling makes it imperative that newspapers keep their subscriptions paid in advance. Otherwisethey must pay the full first class postage rate.If there is any mistake in the countof any contestant's vote up until todayit must5.be called to the attention ofthe campaign -manager before nextThursday noon. Otherwise the countmust be taken as correct up to thepresent date.Everyone who is in the race at thepresent time has a good chance to win.In a great many instances, the prizes,onnpniailv the district nrizes. ccn bepicked ud very easily and the contestant is making a big mistake if shedoes not put forth her very best effortsfrom now until the close. The principal factor against the contest managerand the contestants is discouragement.Many of ,the contestants lose heart andambition when thev meet with refu-SCLOTHESYou're GladTo WearClothes that look good when you buy themand look equally good after you've worn them.Clothes that are smart in style, out ftomworthy fabricsThat's What WeOffer YouoftLarge assortment of Overcoats and RaincoatsFor Your Inspection.Stetson, Korrect Shape and Dr. Reed'sCushion Sole Shoes.s?:iMitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to MenParis, Kentuckym wmMMSwmmwQLmimiimiiKHHHM iiirm Ai.JKsb&K&W bik&Adylesimm-niitilmkllll YTRAGOOnmmmmmmSmSssmimmgmmwmmmwGet What You Pay ForGetting what youpay for, in style, fit,quality and satisfactiontha's a job that's notalways easy when youstart out to buy Boy'sClothes.Get Your Next Boy'sSuit Herc--Learn whatit means to patronize astore that sells satisfaction. You'll discover that,there's no store that considers i t s customer'sprofit first, that gives allyou pay for.Boy's Suits, Ages7 to 17$5 to $10PRI6E& 60. Glamorsand FurnishersmmmMmmIPjSSt?j CyE?" AraregpsSBHflHwfrftw " ji?vIPVSOMSmMSSmOSBkSltrTlP fP TNT& 9V& K&mmmsmIPMISS IDA PAYNTER,District No. 1.Today we introduce you to Miss IdaPaynter, the charming young ladywho greets you with a smile when youbuy your tickets at the Columbia Theatre. With her pleasing and courteousways this popular candidate has madehundreds of friendB in this vicinitywho are watching her strong, aggressive campaign with great interest anddoing everythingJnosSible tofchelp her.With the continued support of thesemany loyal friends, she will, witnouta doubt, be one of the leaders to bereckoned with when this great racecomes to & close.(Continued on Pago 8)Moose Meeting.r Paris Lodge No. 1163 Loyal Order ofMoose, wilj meet in Odd Fellows HallThureday night at eight o'clock. Thenewly elected officers will preside. Afull attendance ie urgently requested.EFRANK & CO SThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.Special SaleOnLadies' and Misses' SuitsEvery Suit in the HouseMARKED DOWJSi:Over 200 New and Up-to-Date Suits FromWhich to Make Your Selection$3500 Suits, now -. - -2500Suits, now - -20.00Suits, now - ." . "- ;.J5.00 Suits, now - - , -NorfolkSuits in Blue, Brown and Black- Serges -------Come Marly and Get Choice1 1 FRANK 6c C3iifsii'VH4:iM-iiiJttiiirfiuMi njiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiWiMiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiwiisimifiaiHiIIUlllHHtHU$24.75 , I M19.75 - . i'914.75' " 210.95 .;.. 89.75-,'' i "8nJf ViISWmi mft81fffSSiaH;KSBHM4KHwIy6-r; -?5! THE i tiOURBON NEW&j. Pfe., KENTUCKY; NOVEMBER 19, 191.2H; i i ,. i ..,' ' , . v jT ' iI M. Wiiiii :injiimjiimkomI","ILadies and GentlemenYour Fall ShoesArc Mere.They are new, seasonable and reasonable. The assortment is made upof the best styles of the world's bestShoe makers. The scope is so broadand the size ranges so complete youwill find your size in any make youdesire.We have also a full line of Misses',Children's and Boys' School Shoes inGun Metal, Patents and Tans.Im PhcGEO. McWILLIAMS,Phones 301 The Shoe ManImJ-&&$$$&$;Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in ooing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous for fine work and.itdever goes bsck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.Ci.TTHE BOURBON NEWS. PABIS, KENTUCKYrSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEiftered at Postofiice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classiTHEATRICAL.Established 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year $2.00 Six Months. .1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar mat! er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right o publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.Women On the Farm.One of the high officials of the Agricultural Department at Washingtondpelores the fact that "the women ofthe farmer's family are neither ablenor willing to repeat the manual laborperformances of their grandmotherson the farm."Doubtless this is true but there isno reason why it should be greatly deplored. There is progress on the farmas elsewhere. Labor saving machinery and improvements of various kindshave made things easier for the farmer, and why should rural life not beeasier for the farmer's wire anddaughters. Conditions on the farmare greatly different from what theywere forty years ago. Householdwork in thosa days represented almostendless drudgery, with few of thethings which we now known as modernconveniences. Many of the "grandmothers on the farm" literally were"hewers of wood and drawers of water." Not only did they draw the water but some of them actually carried itfor long distances from springs orwells inconveniently located for household uses.It is not worth while to dwell uponthe bad and harsh conditions of former days, the isolation, the toil, thehardships, the privations in many instances the hopelessnessof the lifestruggle in rural regions in the past.No one should desire a recurrence ofsuch conditions. No one should deplore the fact that the farm women oftoday are Hiving under an improvedorder of things, and;iargely,2have beenemancipated from the bondage whichfell to the lot of the grandmothers.It is well to remember that life onthe farm is no ceaseless round of gayety at any time or under any environment. Probably most of the farmers'wives are doing quite as much worknowadays asc ould reasonably be expected of them, but they are living ina different era from that in which thegrandmothers lived and toiled. Thefact that they are cretting by withless manual labor is to be rejoiced inrather than to be lamented."A THOROUGHBRED TRAMP.""A Thoroughbred Tramp," whichwill be the attraction at the ParisGrand on November 20 is a powerfulcomedy drama telling a beautiful storycombining humor, pathos, heart interest and thrilling realism. There is astrong vein of comedy a laughablenature tnat more than pleases.The story, it is said, is writtenaround incidents of a celebrated caseot New York life, well written andnot unreal or stagey. It is one of thebest comedy dramas of today writtenby playright who has given the publicsome of the very best dramas of recentyears. "A Thoroughbred Tramp" willbe presented by a competent companywith the eminent emotional actress,Miss Josephine Wowsey. in the leadingfeminine role, and supported by suchpeople as Louise Wren, of "Jekyll andHyde" fame, Hal Williams, FrankCarman and others in the cast.The quiet home is a fitting atmosphere. One feels at home by the fireside with the devoted young husbandand wife j shudders at the entrance ofIhe villain whose only purpose is todestroy the reputation of the hubsandin order to get possession of another'swife. One cannot help but admire thefidelity of the little waif to the sorrowing wife and glory in the unfailing energy of "A Thoroughbred Tramp,"who finally runs the evildoers to theend of their rope and right triumphsover might.ATTRACTIONS AT LEXINGTON.Charles Frohman will present MaudeAdams in James Matthew Barrie'sclassic plav, "Peter P3n." at the Lexington Opera House Tuesday and Wednesday, November 26 and 27. This bitof news is certain not only to interestbut to delight all classes of theatregoers, for Miss Adams is the best loved personality on the American stage.As for "Peter Pan," everyone hasheard of the boy who wouldn't growup and his adventures in the Never.Never, Land. Miss Adams when firstseen in this whimsical work by thecleverest of modern British writers,scored the greatest success that shehad known. Her early tours in it werenotable triumphs. Again and againthere has been a demand that she revive it, and it is in anwser to this demand that the work is now being given. It is asid of "Peter Pan" that itis the daintiest and most beautifulfairy tale which has iound its way tothe worldly, noisy modern stage. Itis a whimsical drama of the childheart, which no one but James Barriecould hove written and no one butMaude Adams make real. Mr. Frohman has surrounded the actress with astrong and well balanced company andgiven the play a series of elaboratesettings.The sale of seats will open Saturday, Novebmer 23. The prices willrange from fifty cents to two dollars.All orders sent to Manager Scott willreceive prompt attention it accompanied by ar emittance and a self addressed envelope.Shop Early,Cm Agricultural Batik of Paris.Capitals 100,00.00Surplus Protection$67,500.00 $267,500.00Although there are 31 shopping daysfrom now until Christmas holiday buyers should take advantage of the earlyseason to do their shopping. Thereare many great advantages in this, notonly for, the Christmas buyera but tothose who spend the long days in theshops and stores behind the counters.In all the larger cities throughoutthe United States early shopping willbe advocated and already the press isurging early buying, and as early before the Christmas holidays as is possible. While Paris is only a small centerfor Christmas trade yet there -is moiebusiness transacted here than in anyother town in Central Kentucy of itssize. The stores will be crowded tooverflowing the week preceding Christmag and to avoid the rush that is cerain to come shoppers should begin nowto purchase their Christmas goods.. The stores throughout the city willbe compelled to employ additional helpduring the holidays and the all daytask of the clerks rushing from onecustomer to another during the finalrush is wearing on the nerves, especially the female employes who shouldbe entitled to no small degree of consideration from the buying public.Another advantage is the conditionot the stocks of the stores at the earlyseason. A customer who' takes advantage of the early dates will iiave anunlimited stock to select from while ifbuying is put off until the last day thestock will be depleted and only a limited line will be Ii-ft to Select from.One thing we wish to call the attention of the loc ij buyers to ia the purchase of their Christmas goods atOne of the most important engagements announced for a long time henceby the management of the LexingtonOpera House is that of the A born English Grand Opera Company, whichcomes to Lexington November 29 and30, with matinee the 30th. This is thelargest organization in the world giving grand opera in English. The operas of their repertoire are all stagedwith elaborate scenery and costumes,and grand opera notables in the leading roles. The Aborn Company, likeall important grand opera organizations, maintains a nouble set of artistsas your real grand opera song birdsnever sing two performances in succession. The exactions of this gradeof music are too great a strain on thevoice for consecutive performances ; soMessrs. Aborn have alternating principals in all of their companies. Aspecial orchestra of 25 accompaniesthis organization. The operaB selected for this engagement are: Friday,November 29, Lucia di Lamermoor;Saturday matinee, 30, Madame Butteryfl ; Saturday night, Lohengrin.The sale of seats will open Wednesday, November 27. The prices willrange from fifty cents to two dollars.ATI orders fur seats sent to ManagerScott will receive prompt attention ifaccompanied by a remittance and aself addressed envelope.FOR THE WOMAN WHO THINKS AND FEELS.Some women complain that they periodically suffer from dull and heavy fcel-Tings, or dizziness in the head, nervousness, pain and bearing-down feelings whichshould not occur to the normal healthy woman. But most every woman is subjectto these pains at some time in her life, due to abnormal conditions in life, suchas corsets, over-taxed strength, bsd air, poor or improper food, v-et feet, sluggishliver, etc. A regulator and fcrazlc tonic made iroia native rncdicisai roots withpure glycerin, and without the use of alcohol, callclhas proven its value in thousands of cases, like the following :Mrs. Doita I.T. Martin, cf Antara. Nehr., Erato 1, Eos 84. sayac"I thought I wouU ."rite ou iz rejjarJ to. what your medicines havadone for me. I have meet tneT. i-r trirxy years for female trooblonnd Eenenrwe,il."2!,ss wth the c-y tea. rcnlfc, ar.J they have savedma hundreds of dofiers in doctors-' MiLj. I hxxy the Favorite Prescriptticn ' and Golden I ledicrj Dr cover ' anl take them together. I neverwas cliaappoirtcd ia vorcr rurr.odi.js cr.d take pleasure in recommendingthem to anv suffering lady. I cm zicr 1 aLnost fifty years old ; at fortyf ve I took your medicines, both Ir.aHz. and I passca that period veryeasily and left me fat and healtny. I feel .'Ike a young gil.It any lady cares to v.rite ne, I vO gladly tea hzs more about:the coed work o your medicines."Dr. Picrce'3 Great Family Doctor Book, The People'sCommon Sense Medical Adviser, newly revised up-to-dataedition o 100S pages, answers hosts o delicate questionswhich eycry woman, single or married, ought to know.Sent free in cloth binding to any address on receipt of 31MSS. HAJiTIN. one-cent Stumps, tu euvct tyat ut h.- mu iuuuu6 vjxijr.& Li $& Or .0CORTRIGHT3lETAt SHINGLESwmmRE R REPROOFStorm-proof, too, because they interlock and overlap in such a way thatfinest driving snow or rain cannot sift under them.Best roof for country buildings, because they're safe from all the elements.7 They'll last as long as the building, and never need repairs.For Sale by Miller & Best, Millersburg, Ky.thermsssfssmsamzim22&M&THE BESTNo Extra Session Says GovernorThe secret of the conference between the Governor and other stateofficials held at the Governor's officein Frankfort last week has been wellkept, for no one on the outside hasyet learned just what was discussed orwhat was oroposed if anything. Thesupoosition is that inasmuch as theGovernor was asked to hold the conference the railroad representativeswanted the Governor to take some action. Of course it is not known whatthis proposed action was but as theGovernor is powerless in the matterexcept to call an extra session of theLegislature many believe the railroadswant the Governor to call the Legislature together to pass a law fixing abasis or method of assessing the franchise value of the corporations especially the railroads.Slow Coach.A gentleman was one day, In the oldcoaching times, traveling by a coach,which moved at a very slow pace."Pray," said he to the guard, "whatIs the name of this coach?" "TheRegulator," was the reply. "And avery appropriate name, too," said thetraveler, "for I see all the othercoaches go by it"Give Good Cheer.There is contagion in a sweet andbeautiful character, for health is contagious as well as disease. "We are allthe time giving to others either wholesome or unwholesome moods poisoning their atmosphere with doubt andsuspicion or clearing It with helpfulness ana good cheer. Phillips Brooks.home. Paris merchants have stocksequal to any stores in Kentucky andthere is no need of going out of townto buy. Remember to buy at homeaud do your Christmas ahoopi"g,eir'y.No Clinkers. 1 per cent ash.Lots of Heat.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.(3&S3SafesrZX3giQs39BiASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland Telephone works forhim. He will reply:1. Sells My Products 4. Protects the Home2. Gets Best Prices 5. Helps the Housewife3. Brings Supplies 6. Increases Profits7. Pays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be, interested and sendto-day for booklet.For information, call manager.B2&LiCumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated.TWINfMM'BROSDepanmeni siore.701 -703 Main St.,Invites you to inspect their handsome and stylish display ofFALL DRY GOODS,DRESS GOODS, MISSESand LADIES' READY-TO-WEARGARMENTS.SU ITS, SKI RTS, ,."7x MILLINERYCLOAKS, SHOES, DRESSES.- Please Call. Always "several toshow our goods.THE BOURBON NEWS,. PARIS? KENTUCKY, NOVEMBER 19, 1912.rCurtis Henry & Co.,Groceries, Drygoods, Fresh and CuredMeats, Vegetables, Fruits, Etc.Both Phones 442 (We Want Your Trade on the Merits of Our Goods.Everything We Sell is Guaranteed.Our accommodations are the best in town -Anew Auto Delivery, PolitelAttention andAlways a Special Effort to Please : : : :A Few Things Others Haven't Might Interest You:Cream Flour, French! Bread,; Golden SunCoffee, Sweet-Orr Overalls, American BeautyCorsets, Royal Tailoring and manyZothersJtoonumerous to mention. Give us a trial.Yours for moreabusiness.ICURTIS HENRY CO.LCor. 1 4th and Main InMMMalnaBaJsew Pall Suits ArrivingF &?"t.s2t,& . r -. v ,i.WT ! 4x &' w v...vw .r-Dailys.".- v '?av. "-.'''.wki, XJ wiIT IfcJ&K; y rN'?4" k y ' ','i &Mys ii a t.-s$3i ?: SCi""5fel - ts" "irt "l "'" erlSchBoss Bros., St Co.,.t- Baitimore, Mid.,Hand Made SuitsAre Here DirectFrom The TailorsHands. . .We are showing the new Plum,Carnation, Grey and Browns, theprices very reasonable, $15 to $25.All Wool Fall Suits, newestshades at. . . .$10, $12.50 and $15.OurJFalllLine of Haws VonGol Hats g Douglass Shoes and jTiwn Bros., Special Shoes are arriving daily.The showing we are makingfor Fall is in every way up to thehighest class, our prices are morereasonable than elsewhere. SHqW,,T;0,TAKEASUp ..BATJJTreatment Is Declared to Be a SureCure for Many Varieties of the' Ailments of Humanity.The' sun bath is rapidly gainingpopularity. It was not unknown tothe Romans, who indulged in sunbaths to cure gout and rheumatism.The buildings they erected in theirvillas for the Bunray treatment werestyled solariums.All that is needed is the sun; butit should not be allowed to beat downupon the head, which should be covered. The prospective sun-bathershould get into an ordinary bathingcostume and lie down in a convenientspot on a rug. Care should be takento secure a position well out of thewind, and, of course, the body mustbe moved about every ten minutes toavoid undue burning of any specificpart of the anatomy. Also, a bathshould never by any chance lastlonger than an hour. Dizziness, extreme excitement, even faintness willbe the inevitable result should thiswarning be disregarded.The sun bath is said to be an almost infallible cure for certain skindiseases, for undue corpulence andrun-down nerves.Perhaps the cult of the sun bath ismore popular at a small place nearBerlin, where the adherents of thenew and simple cure have formedthemselves into an association.; tM - - - -1TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEPL. WoHse:n, Proprietor.T.GOOD HORSES STILL NEEDEDRaisers May Have Little Fear Thatthe Supply Is Shortly Likely toExceed the Demand.The recent war game demonstratedthe dearth of horses suitable formonths in a section once famous forthe excellence of its native horses.This community was scoured for suitable animals, and none was to be had,and the government agents said thatthe same conditions obtain elsewherethroughout the country, handicappingthe army authorities greatly.There is the germ of a profitableidea for our farmers in these facts.The man who has grazing facilities,and who will turn a part of his endeavors to the raising of a generalpurpose type of saddle horse, will notonly reap a substantial money reward, but will perform a patrioticmission, not for the army, but for humanity. The "honk" of the motor car needbring no fears to the men who willgo into the perfecting of a type ofhorse to be known as the York statesaddle horse. The aeroplane needcast no shadows over the project. Improve the horse. The better he becomes adapted to man's wants themore docile and safe, the more beautiful, the greater will the demand forhim grow. Troy Standard Press..HiiHHEBflHHlBurley Tobacco GrowersBoost Your Own 'BrandsWe, as you know, are using your ' choicest tobacco iiT thebrands of Strater Bros.' Branch, and you know that nobody growsbetter tobacco than you do. You know how we manufacture, soyou know that these brands are perfection. Now we want you tohelp us sell these brands this year even better than our bestprevious years. The reasons you should so help are as follows:You Are Part OwnerThe fact that you grow the tobaccomakes you part ownerof all thesebi unds.Every time that one sells you pioht.Every word that you say in favor of anyhelps to increase those sales. Everybrand that you buy for your own usehelps make those profits better. All ourinterests your interests and ours arepooled in these several tobaccos. It islogic that you should bend all of yourefforts, however small, in the selling.The United Power of40,000 Buyers40,000 men in a section wield an enormous buying influence. If all ask forthese brards -vhen they buy t''nc-there rcjits a g-.gnt-.e sale. Ana mi;sales are the best advertising knovn.Smokers and chewers flock to brandsthat they see the most people buying.40,000 steady users indirectly make 40,000 more. Get them for Strater Bros.Branch Brands the brands that yougrow for by usingthese brandsyourself.TellJEyery FriendTell your friends of these brands. Tellthem what you know of the tobacco. Tellthem you grow it and smoke and chewit yourself, so you know. Tell them itcomes from Kentucky, from the centerof the richest Burley sections. Let themknow it's the cream of your Crops and-that they can buy these brands from'most any dealer, because dealers knowthat these brands are the best they canbuy.Ivr -trovers sLx.lu lie D j:I-v ceSr3end tho best -.ay to boost Is to liUY BurleyYOUR OWN BRANDS-YOURSELF.TU r7. Dealers throughout the United States know these famous tobaccos.i O USulCi S i They are Nation-wide sellers popular brands. They are helping: thesedealers to prosper. They are made from the pick of the famous crops of 4G.C00 growerc.livery one of these erowers is boosting: them all. So are all of their friends. This method nLrmin the profits to dealers to those who sell these brands. Arc they working for yo.i ?Here are the mild. fraBriatsaioSefeg brends-GOLDEN GLOW-PENNY POST-FULL PAY.Here are the delicious chev in Brand.-ISDEX-SY JOE TWIST-CUP-DA "C WOr.K-ON THE SQUARE-TORCHLIGHT STRATER'S NATURAL LEAF.Put thciu. into your stock. See how ttey roll.STRATER BROS. TOBACCO COIIPAKY DRANCHBURLEY TOBACCO COMPANY, Incorporated, Louisville,ity.(2)START NOWSusceptibility to colds, sorethroats, tonsilitis and such, indicate impoverished vitality lackof reserve strength to weatherchanging seasons.A spoonful of SCOTT'S EMULSION after each meal startshealthy body-action likea smallmatch kindles a great fire andmore: it makes rich, healthy,active blood fortifies the tissuesand stimulates the appetite itmakes sound body-strength.SCOTT'S EMULSION is thepurest cod liver oil, made creamlike and palatable without alcohol or drug the quintessenceof purity.Reject imitations they are impostors for profit.Scott & Bovne, Bloom field. N. J. 12-5SvrJrK&i&w -v"There could he no hetter medicinethan Chambei Jain's Couch Remedy.Mv children were all sick with whaopine cough. One of them was in bpd,had a hiah fever and w as coughing upblood. Our doctor pave them Dhamherlain's Cous;h Remedy and the firstdose eased them, and three bottles cured them," says Mrs. R. A. Donaldson,ot Lexirgton. For sale bv all dealers.Ijew Coal JJarclHave opened a Coal Yard at the DowStand on North Main Street.Rich Mountain CoalKentucky Jem CoalLast longer and furnishes a greater amountof heat than other coals.O. R. TURNER,Hotel Windsor Dow Building E. T. Phone 58ft OppMONEY in TBAPPINB.V.iYfo toll yon horr and. psybostprltei. Writefor weekly prico liftand reference!. M(fM.SABEL&SONSL0UI371LLE, RY.tkszrAJU13llfCI biiw, Wl PA1!ueier3iDrurs,niB,nuoi - i, m wrEtabIIihftdl856. iV-w "Impossible.Some people are in the prime oflife at 50, but you can't make a woman of 30 believe it.Helps a Judge in Bad Fix.Justice Eli Cherry, of Uillis Mill".Tenn., was nlainly worried. A badsore on his leg had baffled several doctors and long resisted all remedies."I thuuRht it was a cancer, "he wrote."At last I used Bucklen's Arnica Salveand was completely cured." Curesburns, boil?, ulcers, cuts, bruises sndpiles. 25 cents at Oberdorfer's.The bov'" appetite is often thesource of amazement. If you wouldhave such an appetite take Chamberlain's Tablets. They not only create ahealthy appetite, but strengthen thestomach and enable it to work naturally. For sale by all dealers.Poor Pursuer of Pleasures."It's the only pleasure I have inlife," said an English hawker, in explaining to a magistrate his love ofbeer.j Pretty Sure.Whenever a man is threatened bythe deep sea he is pretty sure to findthe devil on the other side of him.Truth.A mood is that which turns yesterday's truth into today's falsehood.Life.What Texans Admireis hearty.fvigorous life, according toHugb Tall-nan, of San Antonio. "Wefind," he writes., "that Dr. King'sNew Life Pills surely put new life andenergy into a person. Wife and I bplieve they are the best made." Excellent, for stomach, liver or kidneyFtroulfiesT'2o cents at Oberdorfer's.& .The Leader.All, I think, will allow that these attributes should belong to a friend ofthe constitution: First, that he shouldbe of free descent by both parents, sothat the disadvantage of birth maynot imbitter him against those lawswhich preserve the democracy. Second, that he should be able to shovthat some benefit has been done to thepeople by his ancestors; or, at theworst, that there has been no enmitybetween them which would prompthim to revenge the misfortunes of hisfathers on the state. Third, heshould be virtuous and temperate inhis private life, so that no profligateexpense may lead him into takingbribes to the hurt of the people. Next,he should be sagacious and able tospeak since our ideal is that thebest course should be chosen by theintelligence and then commended tohis hearers by the trained eloouenceof the orator though, if we cannothave both, sagacity must needs takerank before eloquence. Lastly, hemust have a stout heart or he mayplay the country false in the crisis ofdanger or war. Aeschlnes (389-314.''"'Too Big an Insult.Angrily the head of the haberdashery concern stormed into the employment agency and demanded an interview with the manager."I understand," hesaid, "that youhave been recommending as Al collectors certain young men whom yourepresent as having collected moneyfrom us. If they can get it from us,they can get it from anybody. That'sthe way you make it appear, consequently your clients land good jobs."With visions of possible libel suitsrising before his guilty conscience,the agent attempted self-justificatoin."You are considered pretty hardnuts, you know," he said."Oh, that's all right!" said theman. "It ain't that I'm kicking about,but not one of your men has ever collected a dollar at our shop, and itdon't do any good to lie about it."State of Ohio, city of Toledo, Lucascounty, ss.Frank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm ot F.J. Cheney & Co., doing business in thecity of Toledo, county and State afoiesaid, and that s&id firm will nay thesum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARSfor eachaidevciy case of Catarrhat cannot be cured by the use otHall's Catarrh Curr.FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and subscribedin my presence, this 6th day of December, A. D. 1886.A. W. Gleason,Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Curejs taken internally and acts directly upon the blooda nd mucous surfaces ot the system.Seni for testimonials free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, 0.-Sold bv all druggists, 75 cents.Take Hall's Family Pills for consti-nation.New Street Car Schedule.SCHEDULE OF THE PARIS CITYCAR IN EFFECT OCT. 1, 1912.Leave LeaveCourt House Station No 556:45 a. m. 7:00 a. m.7:15 a. m. 7:30 a. m.7:45 a. m. 8:00 a. m.8:15 a. m. - 8:30 a. m.8:45 a.m. 9:00 a.m.9:15 a.m. 9:30 a.m.9:45 a. m. 10.00 a. m.10:15 a.m. 10:30 a.m.10:45 a.m. 11:00 a.m.11:15 a.m. 11:30 a.m.11:45 a. m. 11:55 a. m.12:05 p.m. 12:20 p.m.1:15 p. m. 1:30 p. m.1:45 p. m. 2:00 p. m.2:15 p.m. 2:30 p.m.2:45 p. m. 3:00 p. m.3:15 p.m. 3:30 p.m.3:15 p. m. 4:00 p.m.4:15 p. m. 4:30 p. m.4:45 p. m. 5:00 p.m.5:15 p. m. 5:30 p. m.'6:00 p. m. 6 :15 p. m.Uncle Pennywise Says:Things political are moving so fastthat some of the old wheelhorses arehaving hard work to keep from being, run over.Less Manual Labor.Lady "You seem to. like my pies."Tramp "It's de only one I got disweek dat I didn't have to get at wit'a can-ooener." Kansas Capital.Not Res!!y His FauK."I kept an eye en her until Situr-I day," said a seafaring man, rcf.rringto his v ire, "and then she slipped heri cable while I was on duty."Special RatesLow Round Trip Homeseekers TicketsTo points in Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi, Arizona, Arkansas,.Missouri, New Mexico, OklahomaTexas and Kansas on sale first andSthird Tuesday of each month, return:limit 25 days frdm date of sale.Round trip Winter Tourist iickets toall principal winter resorts in theSouth on sale Oct. 15th to April 30th,.1913, final return limit May 3lst, 1913-For further information, apply toW. H. HARRIS, AgeAt,J. K. SMITH, T. A.lRoxie" Davis iIU Insurance JfeentLife, Accident, HealthyLiability, Fire, WindrLightning :::::: t : zBiggest and Best Paying CompaniesGive Old "Nub" a CalL2 Helios 137II I i! FEKNBE7US i''AeisioIsEos E-M-F : j iJtSS JfF-a I l- -' 'i. &:? r-& - . .- -: &iiir"s raft.oi I ' "iE.-ii-ro i"Z' Rouds-tr, $750 )S fWireless Power Generated by Hand.A new form, of generator has beendeveloped by the United States signal corps for use with its portablev.ireless telegraph sets. It consistsof a small generator, the motor ofwhich is driven by hand cranksthrough a suitable gearing. Twocranks are provided, so that two menmay drive the motor at the same time,and if necessary four men may be employed two at each handle. Low andhigh speed releases are provided,which disengage the driving gearwhen the speed rises above or falls below a predetermined limit, so that themotor may be kept at a fairly constantspeed. The generator is capable ofturning out about 200 watts, and it islight enough to be packed on a mule.The portable generating set has asending capacity of about 15 miles.Don't be alorrred if sorrcVody lolls ycu you can buy an automobilefor less money than tie .$730 Studtbakcr-Flanders "20." You can, butyou better not. The Flanccrr, "20" corresponds point by point with thebest and highest oricsd cars sold. Cheaper cars at every vital point arebuilt on ideas lor.jj, ago discarded for cood cars. Dcn't tahe our word forit. Make comparicons and czc.The Studebafccr-Flanders "20" is a marvel a high grade modem carat a' low price. If you pay less ycu buy much lees. And the cheaper cartoday will cost you far mere in the. long ran. The competing car isn'tsold which the Studebaker Coloration, the greatest automobile manufacturers in the world, couldn't reproduce for less money; but we won'tbuild a cheap car, because the name "Studebaker" means the best foryour money.If you are content with a car that runs today and dies tomorrow,don't buy the $750 Flanders "20." It will wear for j'ears. Rememberthis the Studebaker-Flanders "20" will outwear 2 to 1 any other carunder $1100 and give you double satisfaction, confidence and comfortinto the bargain.Wc cczn prctc it Send for new catalogueOTheStudehaltTma rT,,'vuMft 8r.eiroi'- iVIich.gourbon Garage & Supply Company.if &&s&&sz:M&' a ' (j0MMjs&'?, n'fjfTMj&"TSr")THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOVEMBER 19, 19121.v.!iiPullen Property Sold.D. M. Curry sold Saturday at nubile auction the property on Main streetbetween Eighth and Ninth, known asthe Pullen property, to Mr. W. H.Anderson, for S5.725. The property,' which contains a substantial residence,was offered in four lots and latei as awhole, the best bid being accepted.2 The contending (bidders in the 'lastoffering were Dr. F. P. Campbell, G.C. Thompson, Dr. D. b. Henry and W.H. Anderson. The lots offered separately were bid as follows: Lot No. 1,T. J. Current. $1,302.50; lot No. 2, T.C. Lenihan, $1,100; lot No. 3, G. C.Thompson, $1,200; lot No. 4, G. C.Thompson, $1,320. Lots Nos. 2 and 3were offered as a whole and bid to$3,000, being knocked off to G. C.Thompson.The bidding upon the property as awhole was spirited. Harris & Speakes,the real estate agents, conducted thesale. Mr. Curry purchased the property about five years ago for $3,500and some time ago disposed of twobuilding lots facing on High street.Court Begins Next Monday.The Novebmer term of the BourbonCircuit Court will convene in thiscity next Monday. The docket forthe term will be unusually large andis made up of the following: Equityappearance cases, 34 ; ordinary appearance, 26; old equity, 290; old ordinary, 70. Of the old equity docket seventy of the cases are suits filed bythe city for the collection of backtaxes. The Commonwealth docketwhich comprises a number of cases, hasr.ot been completed.Gored to Death by Bull.Pierce Byron, an employe of Elmendorf Farm, in Fayette county, wasgored by a bull Saturday and sustainedinjuries from which he died a 'fewhours later at theGood;Samaritan Hospital in Lexington. This is the seconddeath in thelast year. that occurred toemployes on this farm by being goredby the infuriated animals.Meeting of Hamilton Guards.The Hamilton Guards, the juniororganization of the local cnapter ofthe United Daughters of the Confederacy, will hold a meeting in theConfederate room in the court houseWednesday afternoon at 3 o'clock. Afull attendance of the members is requested. 20,000 Hunters Get License.The State r ish and Game Commission at Frankfort was besieged withrequests from county clerks all overthe State for hunters' license books.Extra books had been sent to a number of counties but the supply wassoon exhausted and more ordered. Itwas the opinion that something like20,000 licenses will be issued in thewhole State.Flogging for Incorrigible Youth.Russell Gillraan, a thirteen -year-oldcolored boy, of North Middletown,was tried before Squire L.J. Fretwell,in the county court yesterday morningon a charge of petit larceny. Owingto the age of the boy, Justice Fretwellsentenced him to a good sound threshing as a remedy for his incorigabledisposition, the punishment to be inflicted by his parents. He was broughtto Paris by Marshal James Gibson.Several thefts of small articles havebeen traced to the boy and his arrestfollowed the stealing of a pair ofglovas from Stanley Dickson.of NorthMiddletown.Soes For Gentlemen.See the Bostonian shoes for$4 and $5 at Feld's Shoe Store.men attfRemington Gives Bond.Mr. Wm. Remington, former editorof the ParisDemocrat, indicted by theFederal grand jury sitting at Richmond last Tuesday, went to FrankfortSaturday, where he executed bond inthe sum of $5U0 for his appearance inthe Federal Court to answer to thecharge of sending obscene and scurrilous reading matter through the mail.Mr. Remington was placed under arrest Thursday night "by a Deputy U.S.-; Marsha, but by the order of JudgeA. M. J. Cochran was released to appear in Frankfort Saturday.PROTECT YOUR AUTOMOBILE. Protect your automobileagainst fire. We write policies which pay no matterwhere fire occurs, indoors orout. Also insure against accidents. , Thomas & Woodford.DEATHS.-Col." A. TChenault, one of the pioneer citizens of Madison county, diedat his home in Richmond at the age of85. He was for many years a lepresentative of the Legislature from Madison county. He is survived by hiswife, who Vi as formerly Mrs. PattieParrish, of Richmond.STANFIELD.Little Nancy Ellen Stanfield, theeighteenfmonths old daughter of Mr.and Mrs. OUie Stanfield, die Fridayat the the home of her parents, nearClintonville, this county, after a briefillness. The burial took place Saturday at the old Clay burying groundnear Stony Point.Card o! Thanks.Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Kenton andMr. Garrison extend their greatestthanks to their dear neighbors andfriends for their kindness and sympathy shown to them during the sicknessand death of their beloved wife anddaughter, Lula Garrison.Freight Room About Completed.The freight room of the Adams Express Co.at the Louisville and Nashvilledepot, is about completed and will beready for occupancy within the nextweek. The building, which was erected for the purpose of handling all local and transfer express, is large andcommodious and will serve to relievethe congestion at the?own-town office.Hunters' License.Under the present game laws allhunters are required to take out ahunting license, which costs $1, entitling them to shoot in any county ofthe State. By mistake, howevei, theopinion has become general that ahunter is required by law to securethe written permission of the property owner upon whose grounds hehunts.This condition is stated upon thehack of the regular license, as follows: "Liicenee entitles holder tohunt in all counties ot this state, butnothing herein shall be construed asrepealing the present law requiringevery hunter to obtain written permission of the landowner to hunt on hispremises."This is an error, as the present lawdoes not require a hunter to securewritten permission to hunt on anyground. It is true that a land ownercan post his Droperty and refuse to allow hunting privilege, but there is nolaw that requires a man to securewritten permission to hunt on unposted ground. Mr. J. Q. Ward, GameCommissioner, has made written statement to this effect.Automobile Burned.The automobile delivery belongingto Mr. W A. Beheler, of the ParisBottling Works, was destroyed by tireSaturday shortly after noon while running on South Mamfstreet, near the b& C. crossing. A backfire in the engine caused the fire, which rapidlvconsumed the machine. The fire department was called out in responseto an alarm from Box 34. to extinguish the flames. The machine wastotal joss, tne owner carryingsurance on his property.Police Judge Acquitted.Judge James E. Plummer, judge ofthe Carlisle police court, was tried before N. H. McNew Saturday and acquitted on the charge of pointing apistol at Horace Amos. Another warrant has been issued for Judge Plummer, charging him with carrying concealed weapons.Demonstration.Drop in at Cook's and get a cup ofInstant Postum and economize oncoffee.Suit Filed for Damages.A damage suit for $5,000 was filedin the Clark Circuit court by JohnSmith, adimnistrator of Henry Smith,deceased, against Jefferson Weathers,son of Ed Weathers, a farmerresiding near Avon in Fayette justover the Bourbon line.The petition alleges that throughthe carelessness of Weathers, HenrySmith was run down and killed by anautomobile last August The accidentoccrured on the Winchester and Lexington turnpike, near Winchesterwhen Smith was walking along theroad. Smith was employed on thefarm of H. V. Thompson, near Winchester. At the coroner's inquest Weatherswas exonerated from blame. Thejury found that the accident was unavoidable. Smith it is said was a victim of locomotor ataxia and witnessesstated that he walked in front of theautomobile. Weathers is well knownin this city.noain-Automobile Insurance.The Springfield Fire and Marine Insurance Company, of Springfield.Mass., insures automobiles and theirequipment under an attractive floaterform of policy, while within the limitsof the United States and Canada, including while inbuilding or garage orrailroad car, subject to loss or damageby fire only.Covers fire originating within themachine, or from any cause whatsoever, including explosion, self icrnitionand lightning, and places no rpstrictions as to theuse or storage of gasoline. Rates and needed information willbe furnished by calling at our office.McCLURE& CLENDENIN,Insurance and Real Estate.Home Phone 72. Cumberland 235.Fell Into Mule Pen.Mat Malone5 a prominent farmerof Nicholas county, fell into a pen ofmules on his farm near Moorefield,several days ago. A rail upon whichhe was standing broke nreciDitatinehim into the pen. As he fell one ofthe mules kicked him, inflicting a severe injury. He had a narrow escapefrom death.Morrow a Candidate.Chas. Morrow. First Assistant At.tomey General, will be a candidate forthe appointment as United States District Attorney for the Eastern Districtof Kentucky. Morrow, who is theDemoratic chairman of Oldham county,has been in the Attorney General'soffice for the past three administrations. It is said he will have the support of Congressman Campbell Cantrill, of the Seventh CongressionalDistrict.Wall Paper.The largest and best stock of wallpaper in Central Kentucky to selectfrom, ranging in price from the cheapest to the handsomest that can be hadany place. Expert decorators thatwill give satisfaction. Work guaranteed. J. T. HINTON.Clay Weanlings inLexington.Six weanlings belonging to WoodClay, of thisjcounty, were, taken to theKentucky Racing Association track atLexington Thursday.; The youngstersare all good looking and are attractingconsiderable attention. They are asfollows : Bay colt by Star Shoot Flying Ship; chestnut colt by Star ShootOrange and Blue; bay colt by KnightErrant Outcome: bay colt bv KnightErrant Rose Tree; bay fillv" by StarShoot -Lady Elite. The first namedis a brother to Ocean Bound and thelatter a sister to NimbusCarriage Necessities.Swell line of carriage and autorobes, swell patterns, also the bestcarriage heater on the market. Justthe things to keep you comfortablethese keen mornings. Come in andhave a look.19 4t LAVIN & CONNELL.Traveler's Representative.Arm Crushed.While operating a corn shredderon the farm of Henry Thomnson nearWinchester John Barclay, aged 33, hadhis right hand caught in the machinery and so badly crushed that amputation was necessary. He is in a Lexington hospital where it is believed hewill recover.Train Delayed by Slide.Louisville and Nashville train No.7, on the Maysville branch of the road,due in this city at 7:30 o'clock a. m.fwas delayed three hours Friday morning by reason of a slide at the Pleasant Valley tunnel, in Nicholas county.The tunnel is being enlarged and reinforced by concrete. A large quantityof earth fell across the track which ittook several hours to remove.Mr. Elmer Lechleiter, representative of the Railroad Department ofthe Travelers Insurance Co., withheadquarters at Louisville, has beenin Paris for the past several days inthe interest of the company, has succeeded in workinc ud a crreat. Hpa! nfinterest among the many pmployes ofthe Louisville and Nashville in thiscity. Mr. Lechleiter last week paidto Ewdin Dority, an employe of theroad, who was injured in an accidentseveral months ago. by falling beneath a car in the South yaids, resulting in the loss of his left foot, thevalue of his policy, $1,005. which heheld with the company. Dority hadnot paid a premium upon the policvand the prompt settlement of theclaim is an attest of tbe reliability ofthe Travelers towards fulfilling itsobligations.For Sale.A new davenport and a coal oi! cooking stove.OBERDORFER,Ihe Druggist.Mt. Sterling Court.A large crowd w&s in attendance atMt. Sterling Court yesterday. Lot' ofmules were on the market and were indemand, selling at $140 to 225. Cattle sold at 6 cents and a big numberwere disposed of. Caywood & McClintock bought 6 mules at $140 to $200.Hearing Will Come Up Saturday.In the Fayette Circuit Court Saturday afternoon Attorney Maurey Kemper, representing Mrs. Maggie RogersMcClmtock, tooi an order continuingto next Saturday the hearing of theaffidavit filed by Mrs. McClintock.through her attorney, to Rhow causewhy James D. McClintock had not paidalimony on a former order of the Courtof Appeals. The defendant and hisattorney, Judge .Denis Dundon, werein the Fayette court Satuiday.Valuable Horse Dies.A valuable horse ownedby Mr. Nathan Bayless, of this city," died Saturday as thefresult of a brokpn bloodvessel, ihe horse, which was a threeyear old, was being broken to harnesswhen it reared up and fell backward.Death ensued in a short time. Theanimal was by Bourbon Chief out fof aChester Dare mare and was valued at500.Bourbon Farmer Dies Suddenly.Am. riuun jrjmi, agea n years, afarmer of the Blacks Cross Roadsneighborhood, was found dead in bedat the home of his son in law Saturdaymorning. Mr. Piatt had been complaining tor several days, but his illness was not thought to be serious.On the night of his death he retired at his usual time. Latere hecalled afmember of the family whoadministered to him and he fell asleep,and in the morning when his daughter.Mrs. Mastin, visited his room it wasfound that he had been dead severalhours. Heart trouble is attributed asthe cause of his death.Coroner Rudolph Davis, of this citv,was called to hold an inquest over theremains, but owing to his absencefrom the city, Squire J. J. Redmon,of North Middletown, conducted an investigation. Mr. Piatt is survived bytwo daughters. Mrs. Mastin, withwhom he resided, and Mrs. BettieBishop, residing near Millersbure.The remains were taken to Republican, Nicholas county, for burial Sunday.Invitation to the Ladies.Mrs. Paton asks all of the ladies tocall and see Mrs. Covert at her establishment. She does all kinds of electric work, scalp and facial, and is anexpert with the electric needle, alsohairdressmg and manicuring.ExBourbon Sells Farm.Mr. Joe Stewart, formerly of thiscounty, sold to John Melbourne hisfarm of 135 acres, near Donerail.Scott county, at S170 per acre. Theentire amount involved in the transaction is $22,950. Mr. Stewart boughtthe farm about two years ago at $135per acre or a total of 17.925. Hemade $5,025 on the transaction. Mr.Stewartjs the father of Mrs. CarlWilliams, of near this city.Hendy's Condition Improving.John Hendy, son of Mr. and Mrs. RT. Hendy, of Cynthiana who was badly injured in the wreck of a Louisvilleand Nashville train on the night ofNovember 8 at Bedford Station, twomiles south of Paris, is improvingrapidly at his home in that citv. After the wreck he was taken to hishome where for several days he suffered considerably from his injuries, butimproved rapidly under the care ofhis physician.AUTOMOBILE INSURANCE. We insure automobilesagainst accidents, also fireinsurance on machines nomatter where fire occurs, inthe garage or on the publichighways.Thomas & Woodford.Dolan Granted Bail.Circuit Judge Chas. Kerr Fridayrganted the application for bail madeby the attorneys of Thos. F. Dolan,recently granted a new trial, afterbeing found guilty of manslaughterfor shooting and killing Patrick H.Mooney. The bond was fixed at $10,000, the same amount under which Dolan had heen free before his conviction. Frank Baker, of Lexington, signedhis bend and was released.RELIGIOUS.Paris Boy Earns Promotion.The General Association of Kentucky Baptists in session at Madfsonville last week, closed at noon Friday,after one of the most successful sessions in history. A mass meetintr onmissions was held and more than S30,-! crpa?Pwv iul wuia in uume missions waspledged. The association will meetnext,year in Lexington. Rve. E. M.Lightfoot. pastor of the Paris Baptistchurch, attended tbe meeting as a "representative from the Paris church.J50.00 TO $100.00 A MONTHr your spare time-Experience not needa. want an active man In this locality.T Introduce us to your friends. We payJareeet cash benefits when sick, injured,a at death, for smallest cost. Free-In-fcranceand Cash-Bonus offer to firstWpHeant from this place. Write aulck for835, Covington, Ky.vparticulars,THE I-L-UDr. A. H. Keller, of this city, is inreceipt of a letter from his son, Mr.Newsom Keller, who is employed inthe Palmer House in Chicago, lo theeffect that he has been promoted fromthe position of assistant steward to, mat or nist steward. The nositionon rarrips with if: a hoiHcm coin.. ;--- .w & wuiiuu uuju caiai v 1 11Mr. Keller, who is one of themost prominent and energetic younemen that ever left Paris, has been inChicago for seven years and for sometime was employed as traveling salesman with the furniture firm of Haywood Bros.For the past five months he has beenconnected .with the Palmer House.Through his business integrity he wonthe confidence of his employers andwhen the first vacancy occurred in triepositions above him he was promoted.His rise has been steady until hereached the nighest position in thisApartment. Mr. Keller is to be conbiatulated upon securing this positionand his friends here nro npn'nroH ofvhis success..Missionary Rally Held Sunday.The American Missionary Rally ofthe Bible Schools of Bourbon county,held at the Christian church in thiscity Sunday afternoon, was a successin every particular, and much interestwas manifested inxthe meeting .The attendance at the rally was thelargest in the history of the. BibleSchool organization in this countythe schools at Mt. Carmel, Millersburg. North Middletown, Clintonville,Little Kock, Ruddles Mills and Escondida sending large delegaiions.Mr. Newton Shropshire. sunerintPn-dent of the Bible School at "Clintonville, chan man of the organization,presided at the meeting, and an unusually interesting program was rendered. The purpose of the meeting was tostimulate interest in the cause ofschools of the county. Mr. Walter E.Frazee, of Louisville, Sate Superintendent of the Kentucky BibleSchools Association, delivered theprincipal address of the afternoon,taking as his subject. "A Messagefrom Kentucky." Rev. W. P. Warren, ot Indianapolis, Ind.. a visitingminister, was called uDun and madean excellent address.Among the othersjWhu took a prominent part in the rally were Rev. j.W. Liuon, of North Middetown. MissOllle Brooks, EBCondida.fRev. W. E.Ellis. Paris, and Mr. L.,A. Soper, Little Rock. The musical program wasin charge ot Prof. Albert H. Morehead, who was assisted by Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland, Messrs. Wallaceand Rav Clark and Prentice Lancaster. Several delightful selectionswere rendered..Forest Fire in Montgomery.Fire, which started' in the undergrowth back of Jeffersonville, Montgomery county, raged for four dayslast week. Residents of that sectionfought the flames valiantly and a timely rain put a stop to the conflagration.During the fire thousands of dollarsworth of property wasdamaged and alarge quantity of fodder and hay wasconsumed.Champion Turkey Raiser.Mrs. Sam Montgomery, who lives onthe Sam Clay farm near Cane Ridge,this county, enjoys the distinction ofbeing the champion turkey raiser ofBourbon, and in consequence has anice fat bank account. She sold toWillis & Harding 120 of her best, averaging 14 1-2 pounds at 15 1-2 centsper pound and has reserved 30 for theChristmas market. As a result ofher labors Mrs. Montgomery Khasalready realized the neat sum ef $270,and with the prospects of turkeys going higher will profit handsomely onthose she now has in reserve.Furniture, Carpets, Etc,See tha new furniture, carpets, rugsand pictures that we are receivingdaily. We can make a wonderfulchange in the home for a little money.See us before nurchasing.J. T. HINTON.NiailMIIBillBMFiare Building!We are to have with us for a period of twoweeks a corsetiere who has been trained bythe corset designer recognized not only inthis country, but in the fashion centers ofEurope, as the highest exponent of corsetart the designer ofiRedfernWhaleboneCorsetsThe slight, but important, change in figurecontour this season impels us to render youthis service.Miss Brown will be with us for two weeks. Fitting givenat any time, or by appointment throngh the post, or by'phone. There is no charge for this service. We renderit entirely in the interest of good service to you. Redfernmodels are distinguished not only by their fashionableshaping, but comfortable fitting while a Redfern is extraordinary flexible, it has lasting qualities.We can perfectly fit you regardless of your type of form or sizeMleSFormerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.cCexinaton.JrCentuccyIiThanksgiving !IIIIIIBuy YourThanksgivingNecessities NowRemember Our Savnrv Rnacfovc JThree Sizes Are Sold Under an Iwiujuamicu vjuarantee : : : :Turkey DishesTurkey CornersCranberry DishesCelery DishesOyster Cocktail SetsAnd in fact everything to makethe table look attractive forThanksgiving.riSFord &, CoJChange Comes Slowly.A love letter, a cure for toothacheand a complaint of a bad boardinghouse, according to a contemporary,were found in excavated "writings4,000 years old. The same old world!Plans to Erect New Building.Mayor J. T. Hinton. who owns theproperty on High street, near Eighth,upon which is located two buildings,one of which wa3 badly damaged byfire several days ago, is planning toreplace the old stiucture In the earlyspring Mr. Hinton will clear the site,tearing away the two buildings thatfor several years have been tenantedby negroes and construct two moderncottages or erect a flat building oftwo or three stories.Question of Economy.He "We must economize. Suppose,darling, that you try your hand atmaking your own clothes?" She"Oh, George, dear, I could never dothat. Suppose I begin by trying tomake yours?"Daily Thought.If those who are the enemies ofinnocent amusements had the direction of the world, they would takeaway the spring and youth, the former from the year, the latter from thehuman life. Balzac.True Philanthropy.'Really,'" began the collector, I cannot understand why a man of yourresources will refuse to pay his honest debts." "Then I'll tell you," saidthe Well-tO-dO Citizen. ormfirlFmHnlK-"if I paid up I'd throw you and several others out of work, and I haven't,the heart to do it." Satire.All Needed In the World.The affection of old age Is one otthe greatest consolations of humanityI have often thought what a melancholy world this would be without children, and what an inhuman world without the aged. Coleridge.BIRTHS.Born, Friday, to thp wife rf ,-Mr.Grover Baldwin, nee Talbott, aison:1THE BOURBON. NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOVEMBER 19, 1912liil BOURBON NEWS.Wt&teAALWAYS HAS THE BESTOP EVERYTHINGEmbroidered Voile Waists.Ladies embroidered voile waists,$3.50 and $4 and $5 values reduced toS1 9b SIMON DEPT. STORE.None Better.Gat a pair of our EclipseShoes,-one better.tfFELDS' SHOE STORE.Farm Sold.Auf tioneer M. F. Kenney sold Saturday for Master Commjssioner C. A.VcMillan the 92 acre fafra belongingo the Sharp heirs, located near Mt.Oarmel church in this county to W. M.MKiney at S100 per acre.Johnny Coats.Tohnny Coats. S12.50 and 515 quality,Mice So.J SIMON DEPT. STORE.Warm Underwear.A sure preventive for colds, 50c ud.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Grape Fruit.Vf have nice,ones. four tor 25 cents.C P. COOK & CO.Basket Bail.1 a game of basket ball in the HighSclitil gymnasium Friday afternoonbetween the boys of the Seventh Gradeand the girls of the High Schools, theatter were defeated by a score of 14to 10.Fruit Cakes.We have the best of ingredients.C. P. COOK & CO.Belted Back Overcoats.The style so popular now in manyr.ew patterns, $15 to $35.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Buy Building Lots.Messrs. J. W. Hacon and Ossian Edwards purchased last week from Dr.F. M. Faries two vacant lots facing-n Sixteenth street near High at a private price. The property will be improved with two modern five room cottages. Millinery.Millinery at half price.SIMON DEPT. STORE.ExParisian 111.A telegram from Arkansas last weekto relatives in Paris stated that Mr.Sam Neely, who formerly lived here,had undergone a serious operation onThursday. Yesterday a later messagestated that he was not so well, beingthreatened with peritonitis.Fancy Apples.Fancy cooking apples, $2.25 per barrel. Phone your order earlySAUER.Opp. Court House.Appointed State Game Warden.Mr. Georee M. Hill, formerly chiefof police of this city and later an omcial at the state penitentiary at Frankfort, was last week appointed StateGame Warden by lExecutive'Agcr.t J.Q. Ward, of the Fish and G2me Commission. Mr. Hill has entered on hisduties and was last. week assigned thetask of running down alleged violators ot the game laws in this State,which carried him fromKentucky overthe line into Indiana, ffDried Fruit.We have a nice line of dried frcits'atright prices.C. P. COOK & CO.Overcoats at $25.Belted black shawlbrown and black.J. W.collar in grey.DAVIS & CO.Direct to Customer.We have just received a big assortment of all kinds of fancy baskets direct from an Indian Reservation,thereby saving the middle man's profit. Beautiful sweet grass baskets,big and small, fancy shapes in workbaskets, baskets for decorations,clothes hampers, etc. Also Indianmoccasins for children and ladies, alsocanoes, bows and arrows. These goodsare marked way down and in plainfigures.192t PARIS BOOK CO.Pitcher Hauser Sold.President J. W. Bacon, of the ParisBiseBall Club, announced the saleF.iday of James Hauser, a member ofthe pitching staff of the Paris club ofthe Blue Grass League for two seasonsThe sale was made to the Vancouver,B. C, club of the NorthwesternLeague. Hauser was regarded as thebest pitcher cn'the Paris club last yearand ranked amonc the best in thisleague. He is at present at his homein Lyons, Ind. The price obtained forHauser, according to Mr. Bacon, wasin excess of the draft price, which is$300.Ladies Coats in ChinchillaandBlanket Cloth.Fifty-eight brand new winter coatsin chinchilla and blanket cloths, largemannish collars and deep cuffs, twoand three buttons, straight and cutaway fronts. Coats positively worth$20 and S25 rjrice S14.75.SIMON DEPT STORE."Geld Medal" Brand Rolled OatsIf you want the best Rolled Oats onthe market ak for "Gold Medal"t brand.Try a package and be convinced.THE POWER GROCERY CO..Wholesale Distributors.H3&vyMPERSONAL MENTION.Mjbs Wellington Smith" will returntoday after a visit to friends in Frankfort. Mrs. Lucy Duffy has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. C. P. Morford, atEwing.Miss Mary Peed, of Mayslick. isthe guest of her sister, Mrs. AlbertHinton.-Miss Ella Alexander, of Carlisle,is the guest of Miss Ella Htnry inthis city.Mrs. W. W. Evans, of Lexington,is the guest of Mrs. Joseph Mitchellin this city.Miss Rosina Elder returned Friday after a six weeks visit ;to friendsin Cincinnati.Mrs. Bettie Owens of Lee Summit,Mo., has arrived for a visit to relatives in this city.Attorney Ray Mann, of Louisville,is the guest of his mother, Mrs. KateMann, in this city.Mrs. HondecK, of New York City,is the guest of Mrs. Louis Rogers ather home on Cane Ridge.Mrs. Henry Craig, of Georgetown,is visiting her'parents, Mr. and Mrs.Joseph Davis, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Walter Clark arrived home Friday from Warm Springs,Va.. where they spent the summer.Mrs. Margaret Sullivan and daughter. Miss Frpnces, of Lexington, areguests of Mr. and Mrs. M. J.Juavin.Mrs. Flora Bloom of Philadelphia,arrived yesterday for a visit to herbrother. Mr. Lee Price, in this city.Mrs. John Frederick, who hasbeen quite ill ior several weeks at herhome on Second street, does not improve. " Mrs. B. A. Frank left yesterdayfor Louisville to be a guest at thedebut ball to be given by Miss JulietFrank.Miss Helen Daugherty, of thiscity, has accepted a position as assistant teacher of history in State University, Lexington.Mrs. F. L. Walker continues quiteill at her home on Houston avenue.Her sister, Mrs. Leona Broomhall, ofCincinnati, is at her bedside.Mrs. Alice Rogers Clay, daughterof Hon.tand Mrs. Sidney G. Clay, whohas been critically ill for the pastseveral weeks is slowly improving.Misses Lucy and May Colville entertained Saturday afternoon for Mrs.Lewis Taylor and her attractive guest.Miss Schallenger, of Pittsburg, PaMiss Laura Gaper remains in acritical condition at the home of hersister, Mrs. G. L . Rankin, in Shawhan. Miss Gaper is a sister of Mrs.Wm. Sauer, of this city.Last week Caywood &jMcCIintock,of this city, purchased from Bourboncounty farmers eight head ot mules at$175 to $200 per head. They also purchasedjwo horses at $150 each.Mrs. Frank P. Clay, Miss MariaTipton and Mrs. D. C. Parrish attended the recepion given by Mrs. Wm. H.Thompson at her home in LexingtonWednesday afternoon for Mrs. FrankDaker.Mrs. Nannie Harvey, of PineBl IF, Ark., who has been the guestot her mother, Mrs. Nannie Herrick,returnea home i?nday. bne was accompanied by Mrs. Herrick. who willspend the winter with her.Caywood & McCIintock, of thiscitv, shipped tothe Cincinnati marketSaturday, two car loads of cattle andone load of hogs. The same firmshipped acar of cattle to Cincinnatilast week.The Girls' German Club ot thiscity, will entertain with a cotillon Friday night, Nov. 29, instead of Tuesdaynight as heretofore stated. The musicwill be furnished by Saxton & Trost'sorchestra of Lexington.Mrs. Henry S. Caywood, of NorthMiddletown, left Thursday for a visitto her sister, Mrs. Joseph Mosby, atHelena, Ark. Mrs. Caywood was accompanied as far as Fulton by Mr.Richard Rice, of this city, who willmake a visit to his son, Mr. Chas. E.Rice, cashier of the First NationalSank of Fulton.Mrs. Louis Rogers entertained ather home on Cane Ridge Thursday afternoon with a buffet luncheon. Afterthe luncheon five hundred was enjoyedand several prizes were awarded. MissElizabeth Fisher received the guest'sprize, a string of pearls. The firstprize for the largest score, a large boxpf csr.'Tv, was awarded to Mrs. Chas.Oiike, oi Norm wiaaietown, ana trienext prize, a silver thimble, was wonfcy Miss Morgan, also of North Middletown. A lame number of guestsfrom Paris, North Middletown andMillersburg, enjoyed the event, whichwas perfect in all of its details.Mrs. Chas. A. McMillan entertained at her home on Stoner avenueFridav afternoon with a lunchpon inhonor of Miss Frances Schallenberger,of Pittsbure. Pa . and Mrs. LewisTaylor, of this county. An elegant fourcourse luncheon wasserved. The circular table in the dining room had fora centerpiece a silver basket of redcarnations and the twelve places weremarked with hand painted cardr.Those present were Miss SchallenI hercrer. of Pittsburg; Mrs. Lewis Taylor, Mrs Amos Turney, Mrs. WithersDavis, MrB. White Varden, Misses Allene Power, Janie Marsh, Lucy Bishopand Mrs. Wade Whitley.The Washington Herald of a recent date, contained a notice of MissMarie Talbott, the attractive and accomplished daughter of Mr. and Mrs.W. G. Talbott. of near this- city, whoattended the National Convention ofthe United Daughters.of the Confederacy, acting as a page to the President. I The notice was as follows:"Among the many pretty Dixiebelles attending the convention, thelittle dark eyed Kentucky page, MissTalbott, seems to lead when it comesto sweeping the hearts of masculinekind. She is young and unspoiled,possesses an unusual type of neautyand with her broad Southern accent,as an old Senator expresses her charm,is just adorable."Mr. Wade Whitley is on a week'shunting trip to the mountains ofEastern Kentucky.Messrs. William " Whaley andJames Fisher attended the Mt. Sterling court yesterday.Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Kenney leftyesterday morning for Farriston,Laurel county, where Mr. Kenney willenjoy a two weeks' hunt in the mountains. Mrs. John I. Bronson and daughter. Miss Julia Bronson, were calledbytelegrara yesterday to their homein Jacksonville. The message statedthat Mr. Bronson was quite ill.Mrs. Jonn I. Bronson and MissJulia Bronson, who have been theguests of the former's mother, Mrs.Camilla Wilson, left yesterday, fortheir home in Jacksonville, Fla.Mrs. Chas. Livingston, who hasbeen the guest of her cousin, Mrs. WiliJam Turner, on Houston avenue, forthe past two weeks, left yesterdaymorning for her home in Rass, N. D.Mr. G. C. Thompson has leased hishome on Cypress street to Mr. J. K.Smith for the winter. Mr. and Mrs.Thompson will leave shortlv for Florida, where they will spend the winter.Mr. Herbert Lovell, of Nicholascounty, son of Mr. M. B. Lovell, ofBourbon, who was taken to a Lexington hospital several days ago, and wholast week was reported in a very serious condition, is improving rapidly.Mr. James Curtis and daughter,Miss Helen Curtis, left yesterdayafternoon for Cincinnati to attend thefuneral of his friend, Mr. Harry Troegar, whose death occurred in that citySunday morning, after an illness ofonly three davs of erysipelas. Mr.Troeger was a former resident ofParis, being employed here aboutthree months. He moved to Cincinnati about three years ago. Mrs. Curtis and Mrs. Jesse Adams, also of thiscity, went to Cincinnati Sunday.Doing Well In Texas.A letter from Dr. John R. Adair, ofCanadian, Texas, states he is in finehealth and is doing well, having beenvery successful the past season withall his crops. However, the doctor hasdecided to give up farming and willagain take up his profession in dentistry in the prosperous town of Canadian. As long as Dr. Adair's healthpermitted, while in Paris, he was oneof our foremost dentists and enjoved alarge practice. We heartily endorsehim to the cood people of Canadian asbeing one ot the beBt in his line ofbusiness.RevivalServices atChurch.MethodistRev. J. B. Harris, an evangelistfrom South Carolina, began a meetingat the Methodist church Sunday morning in conducting a series of revivalservice. At the morning service Rev.Harris greatly impressed the congregation with a stirring seimon, and atthe eveninc hour the church roomwas packed. Rev. Harris is quite anable speaker and no one should fail tohear him. The meeting will continueindefinitely. The hours of the meeting are at 2:30 o'clock in the afternoon and 7 :30 o'clock in the evening.Everyone is cordially invited.WEDNESDAY,NOVEMBERH, T. WEST PRESENTSAThoroughbredTramp,A sparkling comedygem, with amusical setting.Prices 50c, 35c, 25c.rA Progressiveand SolidWe Invite You to OpenAccount With Us.anYou Are Assured of FairTreatment.Liberal Accommodations.3 per cent, on Time Deposits.Capital 100,000.00Bourbon BankTrust Co.&Surplus and Profits... 50,000.00Our Trust Departmentacts as Administrator, Executor, Guardian or Trusteein all trust capacities.A safe and competentI JPARS BRAND20Rural Route Carrier Injured.Mr. Owen Gibson, a rural route carrier out of this city, suffered a severeaccident Saturday while making hisroute on a motor cycle. While goingat a very rapid ra.e of speed, Mr.Gibson attempted to close the exhauston the machine with his foot, when insome manner his shoe caught in thechain, crushing the great toe of hisright foot against the sprocket wheel.The injury caused Mr. Gibson severepain, but he completed his route before returning to Paris, where his injury was given medical attention.Black Cake Time.It is time to make that black cakefor Thanksgiving or Christmas. Wehave all the ingredients, such as seeded raisins, spices of all kinds, etc, alsofresh stock of shelled almonds, pecansand English walnuts.19 tf T. LENIHAN.Recovering from Injury.Mayor J. T. Hinton is recoveringfrom a slight sprain of .his left foothe sustained Friday when he fell onthe stairs at his furniture store. Mr.Hinton was confined to his home Saturday and Sunday as a result of the injury but was able to be out vesterday.Ladies Dresses.Ladies dresses, $9 and $10 values reduced to 35.98.SIMON DEPT. STORE.FOR RENT.Desirable first floor front room forrent to gentleman. Private entrance.Five minutes walk from court house.Call E. T. Phone 591. 12 3tForFriday Only,Hatchet and Hammer Handles, 2for 5c.Convenient, up-to date Noodle Cutters, each 10c.Gas Mantels, each 10c.Toilet Paper, 800 sheets in a roll, Gfor 25c.Ladies' Skirt Hangers, each 10c.Ladies' Skirt Hangers, each 10c.1-pound Butter Molds, brick shape,15c.Indian-Made Clothes Hampers, 98cCold Blast Lanterns, $1 quality, at75c each.Granite Iron Cooking Kettles, 4-qfc.size, at 10c.Sausage or Meat Grinders, each 69e.Pure Alluminum Tea Spoons, a set29c.A full line of Vollrath's 4-coatedpure white Enamel Ware, the best ofits kind on the market guaranteednot to chip off.THE PABR.(P. S.df iof-aAniTireiJ.THEFAIR!When You Buy JYou Want the Best ForYour Money.our ''Wayne Knit" Hosiery for LadiesTry"Pony" Stockings for the Children andbe pleased, none better."Henderson" Corsets grace, comfort and durabilityCannot be excelledSpecialsWe are offering Dress Goods and Novelty Silfo at aTremendous Reduction. Come look9 our tables over.100 Pieces of wide 50c fancy Ribbon for Christmas,fancy work,W. ED.3loHiiaHHiiaHMiWktoC dHUCoffeesWhen you buy coffee at random you sometimes get just as good as we can give you, andsometimes you don't. When you buy Chaseand Sanborn's Coffee of us you get the bestthat can be produced. The ripest, richest, upland coffee berries. The kind of blending androasting that is almost one of the'best parts.The same to-day, to-morrow and all the time.They never vary. For over twenty years wehave been the exclusive agents for this celebrated line of Coffee and Tea.! 1HFT1 ! I7g8The Home of Good Thinss to Eata"s9tz&e f&at&ht7pfteH.jDear (Xmy:-Of eoxiAde, yo-a aIrAo-uey mis have a nicepo.AJ.or Jo yo-u, can eneAain company. 3xiJbe.JLi.eve. in having, a nice paALor foA yoiiA oxtnfamily alh ike ime, and ha hey s.hoxLld -uAe i.dhidAen aAe Lnftxenced So mxich by heiA&Tj.AroiincLing.s, and he beAway o keep he Leysa home nicj.h6, and oxl of miiehief, i.A o makehome aracive and happ-u foA hem.ClAum.yA yo-aA fAiend,- u. oA any of your friendsby atJL means ae i fromT. MSNTOIN.andonly 25c a yard.TUCKER.JdllUUlIIC 2it" 1-JLo-d.needneiisife,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOVEMBER 19, 1912RFJECTlOjirwatifcfcEfficient Will heat a good sized roomeven in the coldest weather.Economical. Burns nine hours on onegallon of oilOrnamental Nickel Iximmings; plainsteel or enameled turquoise-blue drums.Portable. Easily carried from room toroom; weighs onlyeleven pounds; handle doesn't get hotDoesn't SmokeDoesn't LeakEasily Cleanedand Re-wickedInexpensiveLasts for yearsAt DealersSTANDARD OIL COMPANY(Incorporated in Kentucky)Lcmkv3Ie, Ky. Atlanta, Ga. Jackson, Mk.Birmingham, Ala. Jacksonville, Fla.mhh mmmammt&iI To Users ofElectric Light:The new management of the Paris Gas andElectric Co., having taken charge, they have decided to make the following prices on the lampsthat are being used. Tungsten lamps which wehave been selling at the following prices:25 watt 20 candle power, 50c40 watt 32 candle power, 55c60 watt 48 candle power. 85c100 watt 80 candle power, $1.10We will until further notice sell at the reducedI price of for!20 caradle power. 40c32 candle power 45c48 candSe power 60cSO candle power 90cp Can you afford not to use electricity, the sanest,M safest, cleanest and best known means of illumgy mating?1 Paris Gas & Electric Co.L IncorporatedDissolution Sale!Desiring to dissolve partnership, we, the undersigned, will sell at publicoutcry, onWednesday, November 27, 1912at 11 o'clock, a. m., on the premises, our farm situated on the Offutt pike,two miles from Leesburg, Ky. WMkThe farm, which was formerly and still is perhaps better known as theDavid Allen farm, contains 183 acres, 100 acresjnow in grass, balance in highstate of cultivation. It is well watered and i the fencing is good, beingmostly new woven wire. The improvements consist of a two story frameresidence of 8 rooms, 2 tobacco barns, stock barns, double corn crib andother outbuildings, all in good repair. It is convenient to churches andschools.Any one in the market for a good'farm, well improved, should attendthis sale. This is an opportunity to secure a desirable farm, as it must besold to close out a partnership business.TERMS: Liberal and ..made known on day of sale.A. J. SKILLMAN,Paris. Ky.R, D. RENAKER, Agent,Leesburg, Ky.F or further information address either of above, or Harris & Speakes3?&ris, KyGeo. D. Sfeaees, Auctioneer.ElXlDliOorSmall Tract of Well-Improved Land!On Thursday, November 2 1 , ' 1 2,at 11 a. m., on the premise?, I will sell to the highest bidder, my place ofabout 10 acres of land with improvements, situated 5 miles from Paris, ontha Redmon pike.v The improvements consist of a frame residence of 6 rooms, cellar, No. 1cistern, pool, tobacco barn 40x120, and all necessary outbuildings, all in,good repair. It is well fenced and has some fruit trees.The land is all deep, rich soil, very productive and admirably adapted. for a market garden. It is on a good road, in a sp endid neighborhood andan ideal little home.Anyone in the market for a small place should not fail to see this one.TERMS Made known on day of sale.W. M. JACOBS.For further information address Harris & Speakes. Paris, Ky.-12'3t ' - GEO D. SPEAKES, Auct.' -Everywhere,If iFO3il0 JSharp Advance in E&s and (Butter.Two widely consumed commodities,butter and eggs, have registered sharpadvances in the Dast few weeks. Retail dealers on the local maiket are receiving 35 cents a dozen for eggs andthe best country butter meeting withready sale at 30 cents a pound, whilethe creamery product is being retailedat the high price of 40 cents.There is likely to be a further advance in either of the commodities aslocal dealers state they are both scarceand at this season the demand is great.The consumer may not be surprised atany time to be compelled to dig downin his pocket and meet another advance in eggs and butter. Prevailingprices in the larger cities are considerably higher than here and it is predicted the consumers will be compelled topay SI per dozen for eggs before thewinter is over. Eggs have sold on theCincinnati market as high as 43 cents.The price of turkeys will bo as highas last year and possibly higher. Theprice is being regulated by the supplythis year which will be short. Thecrop of Ohio, Indiana and Kentucky isfairly good but reports from other sections of the country are to the effectthat there is practically no crop at all.Sixteen cents on loot was paid lastweek in the local market and thedressed fowls will go tu 28 cents pecnound duiing the Thanksgiving week,and there raav be another advancefrom this. Tliose who figure on aThanksgiving turkey will be compelledto Day dearly for the luxury or dowithout and by the week of Thanksgiving there may be such an advanceas top ut the turkey out of reach ofthe average family.Local dealers are preparing fowlsfor the Eastern market and the cooldry weather is proving ideal for theslaughtering. Turkeys are being dnven to the markets by hundreds. Theconditions are just to the liking ofshippers, who are taking advantage ofthe clear, crisp days to prepare thefowls for market. Pens at CarlisleMillerbsurg and Paris are being run atfull capacity and will continue ao thisweek and part of next."Murder" Among Animals.Murder is not uncommon amonganimals, "murder" in this sense beingapplied to that kind of killing that hasnothing to do with the struggle forexistence, but which arises from malice, pure and simple, or from downright passion. Storks, it seems, frequently kill members of the flockwhich, at the time of migration, either refuse to follow them or are unable to do so.Wei! Expressed."That man is not a very good logician, but he is a most impressivetalker." "Yes," replied Senator Sorghum; "he is what the musicians refer to as a performer with more tempermanent than technique."Low Altitude."Mr. Wombat, you ought to go in foraviation. Many of our prominent people are taking it up." "I suppose Iought. Have you got a machine thatwill skim along nicely about sevenfeet from the ground?" Judge.Garrison's Philosophy.The truth that we utter is impalpable, yet real; it cannot bo thrustdown by brute force, nor pierced witha dagger, nor bribed with gold. . . .The cause that we espouse is thecause of human liberty, formidable totyrants, and dear to the oppressed,throughout the world. William LloydGarrison.ADMINISTRATORS' SALE-OF-Stock, Crop, FarmingImplements, Household Goods, Etc.As administrators of the estate ofH. G. Hopkins, deceased, we will sellat Dublic auction on the premises onthe Stnngtown pike, 10 miles east ofParis onFriday, Nov. 29, at 10 a. m.,the following described property, towit: 1 6 year old mare,1 weanling colt,1 2 year old gelding,1 brood mare,1 pair 3 year old draft horses,1 3 year old draft mare.1 family mare,20 yearling cattle,1-2 interest in 9 hogs,7 ftock shoats,1 brood sow,1 4 year old Jersey enw,62 head stock ewes bred.4 head heifer cows, dry,1 heifer calf,1 set break harness,1 set buggy harness,1 lot wagon gears,1 saddle.1 MeCormick binder.1 riding cultivator,1 walking cultivator,2 sleds, 1 break cart,1 hsrrow.l wheat drill.1 buggy, 1 wagon,1 hay frame, 1 hay rake,1 MeCormick mower,1 Stivers strinner and comh. 1 uptocomb,Lot of other small farm tools.Some milled oats.1-2 of two ricks of hay,1-2 interest 330 shocks corn in field.1-2 interest in 4,000 sticks of un-I nt nf hnncohnM onrl Lifnlinn -r....: 1w. ,- ..wU.l.v...u,u auu nilLUCIl IUIUI-Iiure ann small iarm tools.TERMS All sums $25 and undercash ; all over payable March 1. 1913,negotiable note payable at Agricultural Bank.J. H. HOPKINS,D. W. ESTILL,. Speakes, Auctioneer.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES:Z II is announced by J. J. Hooper,secretary of the Kentucky Dairy Cattle Club that a raeeing of the club willbe held January 10, during farmersweek at State University at Lexington. The Mason county Fiscal Courtrecently allowed sheep claims to theamount of 850. This is the largestaward for loss of sheep in a number ofyears. A number of the claims exceeded $50 each.Mr. Ed Turner, of near this city,delivered to E. F. Spears & Sons inthis city last week 786 barrel of corn,for which he received $2.25. Ihis isthe largest single delivery of cornmade in this county this season.The Danville Advocate says: "Mr.W. H. Thurmond brought to this officean ear of corn that we believe tops allthe 1912 freaks. It is a large ear andis surrounded by eight smaller ones,all matured and most of them wellfilled."The report comes from Carlislethat John Burham of that county, hashad three women shucking corn forhim, that men laborers were so scarceand those not employed were so lazythat he was compelled to employ women to get his corn shucking finished.The Ball Bros., of Versailles,have sold to Charles Folds, of Chicago,their champion three gaited chestnutmare, Sibyl, seven years old, by Montgomery Chief, dam by Peacock for $3S5U0 cash. Sibyl has been one of themost successfulfshow horses of Indiana, Illinois and Missouri. She wonthe blue ribbon every time she wasshown except once, when she wasplaced second.Tobacco sales are reported briskthrough Nicholas county and much ofthe 1912 crop continues to be sold atthe barns of the growers. A new aver-aee of $17 per hundred is reported onsome crops, the best prices thus farthis season. Uther sales are runningaverages on crops of from $9 to 316.according to quality, the crop beingreported the be3t raised there in years.In order to keep the army suppliedwith the best horsesthat can be secured Government stallions are to be sentto Kentucky, Tennessee and Virginiaprovided the farmers of those Statesshows sufficient interest in the plan towarrant it. The point where the stallions will be kept will be decided afteran inquiry by the agents of the government who will talk with the farmers. At the request of the war departments ongress at the last session appropriated $50,000 for this work.Commissioner of Agriculture J.W.Newman issued an order lifting thequarantine in this state against theshipment of Kansas and Nebraskahorses from St Louis, East St. Louis,Kansas City. St. Joseph and Chicagoand Indianapolis stockyards. Thequarantine was put on October 15.The Bureau of Animal Industry atWashington notified him that the disease which has been killing horses andmules by the wholesale in those states,is not communicable.Tobacco buyers in Central Kentucky have been unusually active inthe past week closing contracts withthe growers before the opening of theloose leaf market in the various citiesinJCentral Kentucky. Thousands ofpounds ot the weed have changedhands atlrom 9 to 15 cents, a few extra good crops being purchased at thelatter price.Tobacco stripping in Bourboncounty within the next twoweeks willbe almost completed. The" work hasbeen retarded to a great extent owingto the lack of seasonable weather.The rains of last week together withseveral days of damp atmospherebrought the tobacco in case, and thestrippers taking advantage of thisrushed their work with all haste. Anumber of crops yet remain to bestripped but these will likely be prepared for market in the next twoweeks, and before the opening ot thesales warehouse in this ciy.The Demons o! ths Swampare mosquitoes. As they sting theyput deadly malaria germs in the blood.Then follow the icy chills and the firesof fever. The appetite flies and thestrength fails; "also malaria oftenpaves the way for deadly typhoid. ButElectric Bitters kill and cast out themalaria germs from the blood; giveyou a fine appetite and renew yourstrength. "After long suffering,"wrote Wm..Fretwell, of Lucama, N.C. "three bottles drove all the malaria from my system, and I've had goodhealth ever since." Best for all stomach, liver and kidney ills. 50 cents atOberdorfer's.Left HJm Thinking."That's arrant nonsense," said Mr.Henpeck, "about there always beingroom at the top." "Oh,' his wife sarcastically replied, "when were you upthere to see?"Don't waste your money buyingstrengthening pasters. Chamberlain'sLiniment is cheaper and better. Dampen a piece of flannel with it and bindit over the affected parts and it willrelieve the pain and screness. Forsale by all dealers.Keeping Them Off."Do you consider such a marriageas that of a man so confirmed adrunkard as Jaggs to a circus performer, a fitting one?" "A perfectlyfit marriage. She's a snake charmer."Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfShipp-s LinimentQuickly relieves rheumatism, neuralgia, backache, headathe and otherpains. A reward.of $100. will be paidif it fails and the purchase price is notrefunded. Try it and see. 50 cents atall druggists. ,..'" fl Escapf s an Awful Fite.A thousand 'tongues could not express the gratitude. of Mrs. J. E. Cox,of Joliet, 111., tor her wonderful deliverance from an awful fate. "Tyuhoidpneumonia had left me with a dreadfulcough," she writes. "Some timeshud such awful coughing spells Ithought I would die. I could get nohelp from doctor's treatment or othermedicines till used Dr. King's NewDiscovery. But I owe my life tG thiswonderful remedy for I scarcely coughat all now." Quick and safe, its themost reliable of all throat and lungmedicines. Every bottle guaranteed.50centa and $1. Trial bottle freee.Her Diagnosis.Betsey, an old colored cook, wasmoaning around the kitchen one day,when her mistress asked her if shewas ill. "No, ma'am, not "zactly,"said Betsey. "But the fac' is, I don'tfeel ambition 'nough to git outer myown way." Exchange.Man's Work and Woman's.Now the man's work for his ownhome is, as has been said, to secure itsmaintenance, progress and defense;the woman's to secure its order, comfort and loveliness.Gift That Is Divine.If Instead of a gem, or even aflower, we could cast the gift of alovely thought into the heart of afriend, that would be giving as theangels must give. George MacDonaid. Really Hard Luck."Did youse git anything?" whispered the burglar on guard as his palemerged from the window. "Naw, debloke wot lives here is a lawyer," replied the other in disgust. "Dat'shard luck," said the first; "did youselose anyt'ing?" Ohio State Journal.Special Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther NoticeWe pay 12 l-2c for greenbeef hides. Call us upor bring it to our place.MAX MUNICK,8th Street, PARI3, KYCall East Tenn. Phone 374Hog Killing Time.Let us kill your hogs and render yourlard. Satisfaction guaranteed.8 3t HELLER'S MEAT MARKET.Lexington miitarg Bandend Orchestra.112 West Main St.LEXINGTON, KY.TELEPHONES: New185 and 63S; Old,Only such music willfoe supplied as will bea pleasure to our patrons and a credit tothe organization.I IWIfm !! !! I III Ml HUM"It Makes the Hens Lay,"Screen Dnnlround DOHc.Ground Daily byOur ElectricBone Grinder.Ask Us About It!?The Butcher.Music ForOccasionsurgoper EUDLUUErcent.$i,owto$iw,oooW. KING & SON,125 Cheapslde, Lexington, Ky..$100 Reward.Will be-paid to ,rany person havingany kind of pain or ache if Shipp'sLiniment fails to give instant reliefand the purchase price is not refunded. Try it and see. 50c at all druggists. The6 UOOQSGo,Incorporated.Manufacturers ofHarness, Horse Boots andLeather Novelties ofAll Kinds,All Orders Promptly Executed AndWork Guaranteed.No. 304 Main Street'Repairing of All Kind DoneWhile You Wait.Opp. Court HouseSam'l Kerslake& Son,Paris, - Kentucky-Horse Shoeing,Machine Shoo.Automobile Repairinga Specialty.Business Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite Attentionhot and Cold Baths at AllHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Patronage Solicited.Stop That Ache.Any ache or pain in anyfDart of thebody can be relieved with ShioD'sQuick Relief Liniment. 5100 rewardif it fails and the purchaseprice is notreufnded. Try Jt.and see. 50 cents atall druggists.FOR SALEA lot containing two houses. ApDly toMRS. ELIZA AYERS.,8 3t t1302 Cypress Street.Hot and ColdBATHSHot and cold" baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are nextM. A. KAHAL.New Shoe ShineParlors.BourbonHopsCurtis&OverfeyEd. ParkerThe popular Elevator Boy andJanitor at the AgriculturalBank, has opened a Shoe-ShiningParlor in the hallway of theBank and will be glad to waiton the public in this sec tioa ofthe city.Your Patronage Is olicitediIi:jhf '"rf.. r toyiniji ,-. jw -tra.'x' - Tar-iKHirangriu. x "'t 'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOVTMBER 19 1912'T-- . v. A1- 7-. " " .Vl: i i fFViinew sty.$ ra v v - ? r. w m $ $ieis. Na' fllriff """"TTa Si '-'Ml fer W WWmwlft -3n AVictor-Victrola X4 Ofir f -.flljPVictor-Victrola XI$100sBest Exercise.The best kind of exercise ia thekind that makes you forget you areexercising in other words, play, saysa physician. It's a good scheme tohave some more or less strenuousgame for a hobby golf or bowling ortennis or archery anything that appeals to you and affords exercise withinterest. But this is not saying thatsystematic exercise is not a goodthing, too.insane Asylums.The great Greek physicians had devoted much attention to insanity, andsome of their precepts anticipatedmodern discoveries, but no lunatic asylum appears to have existed in antiquity. In the first period of themonastic life a refuge is said to havebeen opened for the insane at Jerusalem, but this appears to have been asolitary instance, arising from exigencies of a single class, and it maybe said that no lunatic asylum existed in Christian Europe until aboutthe time of the fifteenth century.Might Be So-Called."Isn't it an insult to call me a flopeared, bow-legged porcupine?" askedan applicant for divorce.SHOULD SHOW BRIGHT SIDEMr. Balfour's Idea of Literature WillBe Indorsed by Many of HisReaders.Victor-Victrola XIVVictor-Victrola XVIWonderful are the improvements made inthese four new style Victor-Victrolas.One of tie most vrondcrful things about themis that there has been no increase in ftri&e.Come in and see and hear these new insfxirments. We'll gladly demonstrate them to youat any time.. Other styles S15 to $50. Victors $10 to 100.1 Terms to suit your convenience if desired. - 1DAUGHERTT BROSWinter Tourist TicketsNOW ON SAIJCTO ALL WINTER RESORTSSPECIAL ROUND-TRIP FARES TOFlorida, Cuba, New Orleans, PanamaLong Return Limit. Fall Stop-Over Privileges.Three through daily trains to Florida, via Queen & CrescentRoute. Double daily through service to New Orleans. Electrically lighted equipment, including Pullman Drawing-RoomSleeping Cars, Dining Cars, and Day Coaches.For details call on any Ticket Agent, Queen & Crescent Route, or apply toH. C. KING, Passenger & Ticket Agent, 101 E. Alain St., Lexington, Ky.We -want to stipplyCSfff you with Information CvI f about trading: in yMl GRAIN-COTTON-PROVISIONS Vbff under the rules and protection of the YlIf Chicago Board of Trade and New 1111 York Cotton Exchange. IfII WE HAVE PRIVATE WIRE8 itVvW. E- HUTTON & CO. JlRRST NATIONAL BANK BLD8. AflCI N C I N N ATI'JTO Oft5R4i MMA L'15ml . We Also' Do I;S; DYE pCLEANING. HIj PRESSING,' i;r REPAIRING. II?t HIMBest Work SISGuaranteed. SJSi illI !Si5niaSiotailMr. Balfour, in proposing the toastof "Literature" at the anniversary dinner of the Royal Literary fund at theWhitehall rooms recently, said:"I think that literature is less cheerEul now than it wa3 when I was young.It may be because I am growing oldthat I take this gloomier view of literary effort, but still I personallylike the spring day and bright sunand the birds singing, and if there bea shower or a storm, that it should besimply a passing episode in the landscape, to be followed immediately bya return to brilliant sunshine. Whilethat is what I prefer I of course admitthat the great, the picturesque, thestriking storm is a magnificent subject for artistic treatment and iswell worthy of the efforts of a greatartist."I am not quite so sure, however,about the dreary day in which nothingis seen, in which the landscape doesnot change, in which there is a steadybut not violent downpour of rain. Ido not say that that ought not to betreated as a subject of literature, butit is not what I ask of literature."What I ask from literature mainlyis that in a world that is full of sadness and full of difficulty, in whichyou , come through the day wearied, in which you come back fromyour work wearied, you should findin literature something which represents life which is true in the highersense of truth or what is imagined tobe true, but which does cheer us.Therefore when I ask you to drink thetoast of literature I shall myself sottovoce say 'not literature merely, butthat literature in particular whichserved the great cause of cheering usup.'" London Daily Mail.MANY HOUSES OLD MAIDISHIda Tarbell Coins a Phrase ThatSeems to Pretty Well Express theIdea Conveyed.TfiDmis ..Bros..fTM-lMwunnirr-irni nin .,""- 1luuiuuilUBa QEtw.. jn,. -t. .. . t 1 !-f,ni f I i IC. M. CLAY, President.i J. A. LaRUE, Vice-President.X JNO. T. COLL&S, Sec'y-Treas.y ja.. jl jLV-u.Avyj-kj, viciicieu j.u.cniaci.DIRECTORS.C. M. Clay. H. S. Caywood,Jno. T. Collins, M. R. Jacoby,J. A. LaRue, Lee Stephenson,Ed Burke,W. M. Rogers,S. K. Nichols.Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co.One of the most repellent houses inwhich I have ever visited was one inwhich there was from garret to cellar,so far as I discovered, not one articlewhich was not of the period imitated,not one streak of color which was not"right," Ida M. Tarbell writes in theAmerican magazine.' It was a masterpiece of correct furnishing, but it wascuriously limiting and stifling. Youcould not escape the scheme. The inelasticity of it hampered sociabilityand there grew on one, too, a sense ofunfitness. Its clothes were an anachronism! They were the only thingwhich did not belong.There is an old fashioned adjectivewhich describes better than any otherthis preoccupation with things, whichso often prevents a woman's comingto an understanding of the heart ofher business. It is old maidish. Ithas often been the pathetic fate ofsingle women to live alone. To minister to themselves becomes their oc-.cupation. The force of their naturesturns to their belongings. If in straitened circumstances they gave theirsouls to spotless floors, if rich to flawless mahogany and china, to perfecthousehold machinery. Wherever youfind in women this perversion oldmaidish is perhaps the most accurateword for her it is a sacrifice of thehuman to the material. A house without sweet human litter, without thetrace of friends who have no senseof beauty, but who love to give, without .the scars of use and the dust ofrunning feet what is it but a meatless shell?This devotion to "things" may easilybecome a ghoulish passion.Inc orporated.tiWe Will Bt Open For Business1, 1912DECV.a w.-JtWE SOLICIT YOUR PATRONAGE.We have positive assurance of buyers for the American Tobacco Co.,. the R. J. ReynoldsCo., Liggett & Myers, theLorillard Co., besides various independent and local buyers.These are asssured facts, as the representatives of the Trust have arranged alreadyfor the handling of their purchases.We will have an abundance of wagon room and free stabling for horses. Bring us yourtobacco; we guarantee you a square deal.Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co.,PARIS, KY.XJxxXXCallous Indeed."Well, I must confess I am glad toget back home amongst my old kinand friends, where people ain't toobusy or too unfeeling or too stuck-upto take some interest in one another,"said Mrs. Polley."Now, there's them post office folksdown to Chicago. I found 'em actually hard-hearted! Why, would you believe it, that man that brings roundthe letters to Mabel's, he's so queerand standoffish that when he handedme husband's postal card, telling howmother had fell and broke her arm,he never bo much as opened his lipsto give me one word of sympathy INo, Bir, not even enough to Bay, 'Too'bad!'" Youth's Companion.Horse-Breedlng In Britain.Two" interesting experiments in British horse breeding-are referred to ina government report First, a realattempt is being made to revive thefine hardy local breeds of ponies inScotland and Wales, or small Welshcart horses, and of Devonshire packhorses. Mares have been purchasedand the county councils will superintend a scheme of scientific breeding.The second experiment is the creationof a new thoroughbred capable of use.as a hunter. The animal is being"created" under the most recently discovered Mendalian laws of heredity,with the help of funds generously of-i fered by Captain Part; How to Make a Man Happy.. Nagging becomes a habit, and thewoman wnb wants to make her homehappy will avoid it like the plague.It never does the slightest good, because if a man is nagged at his faultsonly increase. He gets tired of beingperpetually reminded of them, and ofhaving his shortcomings dinned intohis ears.Women generally nag because theyaxe tired fagged out and "nervy," butthis is no real excuse- for itTry being sweet, and it will havea much, better effectswwrjwm???!?!Job PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!&TRE J9B R0OfflS OF-jTHEflEWSAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such as4BILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOG ,POSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.m Bourbon news,104 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.MiiMMiUMtiti"-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOVTMBER 19, 1912W- 1H1 ,vGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMS.BOTH'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 399.r"Zl)t Gome of Correct Tootwear'DAN COEHN!lJ PvObBetter FootwearFor Less Money!It is the value you receive in return for yourmoney that counts in buying footwear.It is because of the values to be had at ourstore that has made its name a nousehold word inhundreds of homes in this city and for milesaround.We are particularly enthusiastic about ourFall and Winter footwear the best in styles andvalues that we have ever shown.It Will Pay Youto buy your Fall Footwear at our store. Satisfaction and contentment in every pair we sell.Special Values This Week WhileThey Last:Ladies' snappy, tetest style, 1 6-botton Boots, madeon short vamp model, in Gunand Patent, while they last...Ladies' Cushion-Made Shoes, made on the mostsnappy Fall lasts. You've rarely fl'O QCfcseen better Shoes at any price 9mFfTan Shoes are all the style. We now have the largestassortment in Ladies' Tan Button Shoes, bristlingwith snappy styles, equal to any $4 Gt CfcQgrades you pay elsewhere 9LhLadies' smart models in Velvet, Gun 4 QMetal and Patent. While they last. .9 IbCJMen's high-grade Shoes, modled over all the lateststyles, astonishing values, Qti9 QCfcSpecial wvvMen's extra fine, latest style Shoes, Ctl QCbutton and lace. Special.. 9 li7vLedies' comfort Felt House Slippers,turn soles. SpecialWE have a great selection of thefamous Walk-Over Shoes formen. The best Shoes for themoney. Try a pair and be convinced.Im1 aUHC llfijlPPiDAN COHEN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky.I'ij. A & lyI Aesjt f I! JMetal$1.9949cISBBBfjKawi(Continued Fiom Page 1)THOUSANDS OF VOTESARE BEING POLLEDEVERX DAY.sals fthey get "cold feet" and it seemainevitable that they will droD by thewayside. Don't get discouraged. ThatwilLderive nothing for you. A candidate who has entered the race and ismaking a good showing so far is making an incomprehensible mistake todroplout. Ifyou are a candidate andhave a good start, stick and see thefight through ; you are worthverv little if you don't. The wind changes indirection every day and just when youare pressed in a corner where failurestares you in the face, that is the timewhen something will occur to changethe conditions entirely. No matterwhat today is tomorrow is always indoubt. If you can' t get subcsriptionstoday, you will tomorrow.TWO SPECIAL PRIZES.Two beautiiul Fountain Pens will begiven as special prizeB during the nextfew days. The two contestants turning in the most money on subscriptionsbetween today and Dec. 2 will beawarded these handsome premiums.No matter where a contestant maystand on the list, each one has anequal chance on these prizes Hustlein the subscriptions and have 'the honor of winning one of these prizes.They may be seen at the News office.STANDING OP CONTESTANTS.The list of candidates and Uhe number of votes each has will be printedin this paper each issue. Votes mustbe in this office at noon previous to theday of publication. Votes coming inafter that time will be published inthe next issue.DISTRICT NO. 1VotesMiss Ida Paynter 198,650Miss Frances Kenney 184,450Robt. A. Rose 155,875Miss Hazel Duvall 148,2500. P. Carter, Jr 147,175Miss Flora Hill 116,340Wm. Cooper 102,250Mrs. Lizzie Burke 65,875Miss Matilda James 56,975Miss Mary Brown 49,700Miss Bob Morns 47,375Carley B. Scott. 29,750Mrs. Leer Stout 7,250Miss Elsie Thomas 4,850Charlie Gnnnan . 4,275Miss Elemeta Hinton ,4,600DISTRICT NO. 2.Miss Lillie Martin 102,775Miss Shady Shanks 81,850Miss Sallie K. Peterson. . . . 80,050Miss Laura Bell Faulconer 76,300Mrs Wm. Faris 75,325Mrs. Clark Leer 57,825Mrs. Bert Rash 47,675Miss Willie McNamara 29,675Miss Ida Bell Tate 28,975Miss Ida Cumber, 11,825Miss Will Davis Judy 6,325Mrs. Louis Mussinon 3,475SCHEDULE OF VOTES,On Old Subscriptions Nov. 19th toDecember 2nd, inclusive.12 Years 224,00010 Years 187,0008 Years 151,5005 Years 95,0004 Years 75,0003 Years 55 2002 Years 36,5001 Year 17,8006 Months 8,600SCHEDULE OF VOTESOn New Subscriptions.12 Years 248,00010 STears 207,0008 Years 167,5005 Years 105,0004 Years .'. . 83,0003 Years 61,2002 Years 40,5001 Year 19,8006 Months 9,600Punctuality.Lord Nelson said: "I owe all myeuccess in life to having been a quarter of an hour before my time." "Punctuality is the politenes of kings, theduty of gentlemen, the neceslty ofbusiness men." Orison Swett Marden. Pretty Compliment.The Disraelis were visiting Strathfieldsaye in the time of the old dukeof Wellington. Going up to 'the bedroom, Disraeli found his wife and hermaid moving the bed from one side ofthe room to the other. When he inquired the reason, his wife said:"Well, my dear, the duke sleeps on theother side of the wall, and if I lieagainst it I can boast that I haveslept between the two greatest men inEngland." San Francisco Argonaut25 VOTEFill out as directed and send to the Campaign Manager, THE BOURBON NEWS, Paris, Ky. Votes cannotbe bought. They must be cut from THE BOURBONNEWS or secured on subscriptions.Not Good After November 2d. GREAT AUTOMOBILE AND PRIZEJCAMPAIGNThis Coupon will Count for 25 VOTESForDist. No ...VAddress , . . . .' ;..'...Colored People Raise Funds lorHospital Annex.With the view of raising funds withwhich to ecmin the annex fur the colored people at the W. W. Massie Memorial Hospital, n Wbite Addition, thecolored DeoDle recentlv held a massmeeting, and succeeded in securingtne sum oi $8U6 of the 51,500 that willbe necessary for the purpose.The trustees of the institution,which have the construction of thebuilding under supervision, plannedtoerect an annex for the colored people,but a sufficient fund was not availableand their original intention was abandoned. From the original sum bequeathed for the purpose by the lateMrs. Annie Massie, inheritance laxand necessary charges made in the oldG. G. White property, consumed alarger sum than was first anticipated,so this dpeartmeut was left until somefuure time.The public spirited colored people ofParis at the meeting held "recentlyperfected an organization for the purpose of soliciting funds to use in thework of equipping a department forthe suffering members of their race.The officers of the organization are :J. B. Redmond, President; H. C.Smith, First Vice President; H. B.Webster. Second Vice President; D.C. Mebane, Third Vice President ; Dr.J. H. Sebree, Secretary; FrenchThompson, Treasurer; Finance Committee. Dr. J. D. Mebane, Lucy Haden, E. J. Mickens.The meeting was held at the St.Paul M. E. Church, and was addressedby Dr. A. H. Keller, who is taking anactive part in assisting the coloredpeople in the work thev have undertaken. Fraternal organizations andclubs subscribed sums ranging from$25 to $125, and private subscriptionsfrom 50 cents to $25 were received,bringing thetotaljjto $806, a little morethan half of the amount nceessary forthe work.Advice to Alpine Climbers.In the earlier part of the nineteenthcentury many even of those who hadbeen up Alpine peaks themselves denounced the sport. Regarding the ascent of Mount Blanc, Murray's Handbook in the year 1838 stated that "allwho have succeeded have advised noone to attempt it," and nearly 20years later noted the "remarkablefact that a large proportion of thosewho have made this ascent have beenpersons of unsound mind."eSpnr ,,-sj eq jos oirj sqji 2ut-qSjois qonui ou nq 'pujAi jo X"B9p pooSv e.oiaq uaqAV 'joiujm. oq? uj AivSuoib suraosAvoas raoq uees OA.nojj.bJL lie iij 'noAi,, iAj&Auv 'snoui-mis ejnbg si Treta -b 30 pupi tfnM.'P"IM 11VSplendid Line of AttractionsFor the present week and the weekfollowing the Lexington Opera Housewill be able to offer to its patrons aseries of the most remarkable bills ofpublic entertainment it has been thegood fortune of any southern playhouseto announce in years, if indeed, hasever been excelled at all in a "onenight" city.The program covers a wide and varied field of theatrical endeavor andranges from high comedy to grandopera, bringing at the same time toLexington not less than a dozen starsand other histrionic talent, whose fameis not limited to a single continent.Wednesday, Nov. 20, matinee andnight, the inimitable Richard Carleand Hattie Williams present "The Girlfrom Montmartre."Saturday night, November 23, William Hodge, who made such an excellent impression on a former visit,presents his old reliable success, "TheMan from Home."Next week, Tuesday and Wednesday, November 26 and 27, the alwayslovable Maude Adams comes with astrong cast in "Peter Pan.''Friday and Saturday. November 29and 80, the Aborn English Grand Opera Company will apDear as follows:Friday night, "Lucia de Lammermoor"; Saturday matinee, "MadamButterfly"; and at night "Lohengrin". For further particulars in regard to seats, prices, etc. see R. S.Porter, agent in Paris for the Lexington Opera House.Angels on a Needle's Point.This was a favorite topic of debateamong the scholiasts and doctors ofthe Christian church from the earliesttime. It was particularly to the foreduring the period of futile and quibhling argument which marked thedecline of scholasticism, say from 1300to 1450 A. D.English People Long-Llved.Within a stone's throw of each other at Stonham Parva, Suffolk, England, live 28 persons whose age3 aggregate 2,121 years. One is ninety,two eighty-two, one eighty-one, foureighty, one seventy-eight, one seventyBix, three seventy-five, four seventyfour, six seventy-three, three seventytwo, one sixty-nine, and one sixtyeight. COUPONMILLERSBURG ITEMS.Cadet Mcllvuine, of Ewing, enteredM. M. I., Thursday.Mr. G. M. Allen left Friday for afew days visit relatives at Augusta.Mrs. Thomas Talbott, of Louisville,arrived Saturday as the guest of M.F. C.Mrs. Hester Browning, of Cynthiana,is the guest of her sister, Mrs. BelleTaylor.Mr. Martin "Furlong moved Fridayto the Mitchell House for the winterfrom his country home.Mrs. John Bruer, of Harrodsburg,was the guest of her son, Cadet Bruer,atM. M. I. Thursday and Friday.Messrs. R. B. Boulden and R. M.Caldwell were guests of Mr. and Mrs.S..H. Crouch at Little Rock, Sunday.All of the sportsmen took advantageof the hunting season Friday and therewere but few men in town on that day.Mrs. H. D. Jones, who has beenquite ill for the past two weeks, wastaken to St. Joseph HosDital, Lexington, Friday, for treatment.I Squire E. P. Thomason, Col. W. M.Lavson and Mr. Martin Bowles attended a reunion of the Confederate Veterans at Paris Thursday afternoon.Mr. and Mrs. B. D. Best left fortheir home at Covington Friday, aftera few days' visit to their sisters. Mesdames J. A. Miller and Sallie Best.Mr. and Mrs. O. M. Johnson andMr.JE. M. Thomason attended tne funeral of their cousin, Mr. Massie MJohnson, at Winchester, Wednesday.Mr. Spencer Best.of San Francisco,Cal., arrived Thursday at the bedside ot his mother, Mrs. Sallie Best.Ihis is the first time Mr. Best hasvisited his old home in ten years.Mr. and Mrs. Verner Howard, ofEwing. were guests of Mr. and Mrs.James Howard Friday and SaturdayThey were a bridal couple having beenmarried Thursday.I am prepared to do all kinds ofnursing, having had large experience.The work of a midwife a specially.MRS. MONRUE JaCKSON,Miller street.The protracted meeting which is inprogress at the Methodist church is increasing in interest and the Rev. Wimbestland is preaching excellent sermons. Services evenings at 7:30.R. B. Boulden. who has been theguest of relatives here lor severalweeks, leaves todav lor a visit to J.W. Boulden at Maysville. after whichhe will leave for his home in Pueblo,Col.Fire broke out in the roof of theresidence of the Misses Griffith Fridayat noon caused bv a defective flue.A considerable portion of the roof wasburned in the ell of the building andthe dining room was somewhat damaged . hy water. The fire was extinguished by the bucket brigade although the engine was on the sceneready for service. The loss was fullycovered by insurance with Mr. W- D.Mclntrye in the Hartford.Ladies Suits in the New Colors.One hundred and twenty-eight suits,$25 and S30 values, material of WideWales, diagonals, cheviots and sergesin the new and wanted colors. Price$17.50.SIMON DEPT STORE.Prevention of Mildew.Nothing should be stored in a dampcondition on aecount of mildew,which is a vegetable growth, being akind of fungus, which quickly spreads,and is very difficult to remove. Toremove it from flannel etfcer is best touse. For mildew on cotton material,damp the part, rub soap thickly on,cover with powdered French chalkand put in the sunshine, and keep repeating the process until the spotsdisappear.New England Romance.From Boston comes the story of atouching phonograph romance. Themanager of a store became Infatuated.with the voice of a young womanwhose singing he heard reproducedfrequently in the machines, wrote toher for her pictures, and the acquaintance speedily ripened into marriage.The bride, by the way, was intendingto study in Paris for grand opera, butha3 decided to settle down in NewEngland. San Francisco Argonaut.THEATRICAL."A THOROUGHBRED TRAMP.""A Thoroughbred Tramp," whichwill be the attraction at the ParisGrand on November 20 is a powerfulcomedy drama telling a beautiful atorycombining humor, pathos, heart interest and thrilling realism. There is- astrong vein of comedy a laughablenature tnat more than pleases.The story, it is said, is writtenaround incidents of a celebrated caseot New York life, well written andnot unreal or stagey. It is one of thebest comedy dramas of today writtenby playright who has given the publicsome of the very best dramas of recentyears. "A Thoroughbrea Tramp" willbe presented by a competent companywith the eminent emotional actress,Miss Josephine Wowsey, in the leadingfeminine role, and supported by suchpeople as Louise Wren, of Jekyl! andHyde" fame, Hal Williams FrankCarman and others in the cast.The quiet home is a fitting atmosphere. One feels at home by the fireside with the devoted young husbandand wife; shudders at tha entrance ofthe villain whose only purpose is todestroy the reputation of the hubsandin order to get possession of another'swife. One cannot help but admire thefidelity of the little waif to the sorrowing wife and glory in the unfailing energy of "A Thoroughbred Tramp,who finally runs the evildoers to theend of their ropa and right triumpisover might.STOCI, MOP AND FA1M NOTES:-CbM. Meng of NortMMiddletownbougnt last week from K. I. RichVp100 barrels of corn at 2.50 per barrel?E. F. Bradford, f Pendleton county, has a registered Jersey cow whichgave birth to a calf that has no evenor any sign of them. It i3 playfuland seems to get around as well as other calves with eyes. But instead offollowing its mother, she has to follow it. 01Thomas McClintock. of Millersburg, in the past week has made anumber of mule sales. Among themare the following: To Thompson &Gentry, 8 mules,'$l,550; to W. D McIntyre, 9. $1,495; to Cay wood' &" Mc-,,nt- ,lr lm- Mr M cCIintock5OUVoc2?atlounty' 19 mulea atfrom $125 to $200 ; fromrJames Odor inHarrison county. 3. $420, and fromDick Wills, one S160.State Argicultural CommissionerNewamn has decided to take steDs tocheck the progress of the gvDsy mothamong the fruit trees of KentuckySome days ago the United States Government notified Prof. Garman, atLexington, that some steps should betaken . by the Kentucky authorities toeradicate the pest, so as to prevent aquarantine against Kentucky by otherStates. Prof. Garman. having nofunds at his command in his department, notified the Governor, who, inturn, referred the matter to tne Commissioner of Agriculture. Mr. Newman says he has no funds a his command for this specific purpose, but heproposes to use some of the money athis command for other denartmentsto aid in the stamping out of the gypsy moth, if it is possible to do so.The spreading of hemp in Bourboncountv has already begun prenaratoryto rotting and -breaking it out. According to reports Bourbon county willhave the largest crop in a decade, acondition due mainly to the successfultests made by the O'Neal hempbreaking machine, invented by FrankO'Neal, Jr., of this city. After sevenyears of arduous labor he has perfected the machine, which gives promiseof reviving the hemp growing industryin this section of Kentucky, where themajority of the hemp of the State isgrown, and which, owing to the inability of the growers to; secure labor tobreak out the product and prepare itfor market, has been practically abandoned. Tests made with the machinelast fall on the farm of J. N. Camden,in Woodford county, revealed the factthat, in addition to turning out hempfibre, rfee from hurds. it will breakhemp either green or rotted, and willsave the farmers a handsome sum oneach crcp.on accounfcof handling hempand preparing it for market thatwhich could not be broken out by thehand breakers.The Woman In the Case,"Digby, you are worrying aboutsome woman." "Biffies, I am." "Iknew It! She is constantly in yourthoughts." "I can't get her out of myrmind." "I wouldn't dream of asking:you to tell me her name." "I haveno objections to letting you know hername. It is Mrs. Pruner, my landlady. I owe her for- six months'"board."Lost.A pair of child's goldrimmed glasseswith hooks that fasten over ears werelost on streets of-Paris between Higgins avenue and the residence of Thoa.Arkle in East Paris. Finder Dleasereturn to NeWB office. 15 3tNew Art Store!I "have opened an ArtStore next to Mrs. M. A.Paton. New and freshstock of all kinds offancy workEmbroidery,Pillow Cases,Towels,Underwear,Waists, Etc.rVovelties of all Kind'sStamping Done on ShortNotice Everythingguaranteed to be thebestmrs.cU.e. BoardNATIONAL5c and 10c StoreAll Kinds andPrices ofWall PaperPaper HangersFurnished.National 5g and 10c StoreWatch Our Windows