THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 20 1912NEGRO SUSPECT IS HELD1 Cleaning-Up-Sale I" WE KNOW HOW 99orWill Jones May Prove To Be TheMurderer of Bertha Courtneyof Scott County.Remnants and Odds and Ends !IPAs a result of ' a very successful January Sale, we haveheaps and piles of remnants of all kinds of goods Remnants of Dress Goods, Ginghams, Table Linens, Embroidery, Laces, Ribbons, etc., which we are going toclean up at remnant prices.Als'o we offer broken lines in all Ready-to-WearsSuits, Coats, Dresses, Waists, House Dresses, Muslin Underwear, slightly soiled, Solid Lace Curtains all these atprices that will clean them up promptly..All our Shoes to be closed out to discontinue thisdepartment.This is a sale that will appeal to every, economicalwoman.Come early and get choice of the bargains.PaPE$f KentuckyNOTE Spring Stsifcs Arrsvirag OasSy$ TJried and 3ound SuilhOf Selling the Most GoodsFor the Least Money.16 lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.002 cans good Corn 1 5cGood Bulk Coffee, per lb .... 221-2cOld Reliable Coffee, per lb : 30c2 1-2 lb. can Asparagus 20cFull qt. can Karo Syrup - - 1 OcNew "Orleans Molasses, per gal 45c8barsLenox Soapw--- . . . r..-. 25e-Large size Mackerel 1 O or 3 "for 25cMedium size Mackerel.. -5c ,3 boxes Matches. 1 OcBLUE RIBBON FLOUR-'25-Eb Sack 70c50-lb Sack $ 1 .401 OO-Ifo Sack . $2.75Now, you cannot say that Paris is a high town ongrocers, for everybody is coming to Paris to trade atLenihan's Cash Grocery. They get the same goods forless money.9wfT. C. LENIHANCash Grocery.Both Phones 234mm illi Spring Openinmm.If To-day and Wednesday IMerchant TailoringDepartmentprice & 60. Gfotuiers500 Woolens on Display SillYou Are Cordially InvitedmHELD FOR IDENTIFICATIONClosely Resembles Negro WhoTook the Life of HisWhite Wife. ,A colored man who the police believe to be Charles Jones, wanted inCincinnati for the murder of his whitewire, is being held here awaiting thearrival of the Cincinnati authorities.The description, furnished the localauthorities by the Cincinnati policedepartment, of the negro, comparesvery favorably with the man now injail.When placed under arrest the negrogave his name as "Will Jones, and hisplace of residence Cincinnati. Hestated he had been absent from thatcity for five or six months and hasbeen engaged with a constructioncrew near this city. In his posessionat the time of his arrest was a letteraddressed to him written by a womanin Cincinnati.The arrest of Jones was made atthe instance of a negro woman, whocomplained to the police that he hadthreatened her life and had drawn arevolver upon her. He was . takeninto custody at the corner of Tenthand Pleasant streets Friday by Patrolman Link, and when confronted bythe officer made an effort to draw hisrevolver, but was covered by a weaponin the hands of the policeman. Thenegro submitted to arrest withoutany further effort and was locked up.He was given a fine and jail sentencefor carrying concealed weapons.Upon being closely questioned at thejail Jones displayed extreme nervousness. He denies ever having beenin jail before, with one exception,when he says he was locked up in apolice station on a minor charge.The measurements taken by thelocal authorities are almost identicalwith Bertillon measurements furnished by the Cincinnati officials.An Excellent Opportunity.Paris is not booming, but if anyonetold you in 1900 that there would be1,000 houses put up in Paris before1912 you would have given him thelaugh. Look back and see what hasbeen done. How many empty housesare in Paris today. Hassenfcss subdivision on Eighth street and Georgetown pike is the best opportunity forinvesrment that has ever been offared.Sale Wednesday, February 21, 1912 at10 o'clock sharp.Saves One Half.Save one half your clover seed andinsure a stand. See the clover seeddrill on sale by Yerkes & Prichard. Itwill do it. 9 8tOpen Session f Paris HighSchool Literary Society.Thursday evening at 7:30 o'clock'theSecond Open Session of the Paris HighSchool Literary Society will be held inthe Public School Auditorium. TheJunior and Senior classes of the HighSchool in joint session have arrangedan interesting program to put beforethe public. You are cordially invitedto attend. The program is as follows:Music High School Band.President's Address Tom Link.Minutes by Secretary Olive Taul.Debate Resolved, That the UnitedStates Senators Should be Elect ed bythe Direct Vote of the People. Affirmative Merritt Slicer and Ethelwoods. Negative Elsie Heller andClarence Harney.Music High School Band.Recitation "A Southern Hero"Marmaduke Brown.Paper "The Grumbler'' JohnStuart.Solo "Dreams, Just Dreams"Mary Hayden."The Colonel"- Editors LawrencePrice and Paul Brannon.Music High School Band.Parlimentary Drill.Fell Asleep on Telephone Pole.Quite a sensation was created Saturday afternoon when complaint fromseveral residents on Mt. Airy Avenueto the central office of the liourbonHome Telephone Co., of someone being on their lines and investigationdisclosed the fact that a lineman in theemploy of the company, who was engaged in repairing some of the wires,had climbed to the top of the telephonepole, where supported by a safety beftand resting comfortably upon the crossarms, he enjoyed the balmy breezesand a quiet siesta.Sever.al men working on the Louisville and Nashville bridge watched theman closely foi 'fifteen or twentyminutes and, when he failed to displayany animated signs they spread thealarm that a man had been electrocuted which spread like wild fire and soona large crowd had collected.Employes cf the Electric LightCompany quickly cut out the Mt. AiryAvenue circuit and hurried to thescene, expecting fully to find the mandead. In the meantime another employe of the telephone company hadventured to the top of the pole wherehe administered a sound shaking andaroused the lineman-from His slumbers.The would be electrocuted one, aftera few minutes spent in collecting him-I Belt was able to descend the pole unassisted and cuntinued with his labor.4We Are Now Offering SpecialPrices onWinOvercoats'V-.and71SuitsCome in and See - ,Dr. Keed's Cushion Sole ShoesThey Are. the Proper Kind For Spring.I Mitchell & Blakemore.9IOutfitters, to MenParis, KentuckyirmimumnimmsiinimuiuimimFRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.Cordially InviteYou to Call and Inspect Our NewSPRING ANDSUMMERSTOCKiWhite Goods, Linens,Wash Goods, Piques,Hamburgs, Laces,Ginghams, Percales.A Few of Those Ladies5 and Misses' Suits atS5.ooEach.Frank & Co.Paris, - - KentuckySiminHiuinim MkSirirmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB. 20, 19121 Reader Cures His Constipation Try II FreeSimple way ftr any family to retain the good health of all its membersThe editors of "Health Hints" and"Questions and Answers" have onequestion that is put to them more often than any other, and whichctMnrrol(r nrirwi rrTi Vlir finrl til F mncfdifficult to answer. That is "Howcan I cure my constipation?"Dr. Caldwell, an eminent specialistin diseases of the stomach, liver andlbowels, has looked the whole field-over, has practised the specialty forforty years and is convinced that theingredients contained in what iscalled Dr. Caldwell's Syrup PepsinhasUhe best claim to -attention fromconstipated people. ,Its success in the cure of stubbornconstipation has done much to displace the use of salts, waters, strongf BourbonD AVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postof f ice.(USBourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky.massLocandaThe Fastest Son of Allerton 2:09Sivedby Allerton 2:09, the world's leading sire of standard performers;darn Katharina (great brood mare), by Alcyone 2:27; second dam KatieJackson; by Almont 33. Holder of world's pacing record, miles, 3:15XTERMS: $50 TO INSURE A LIVING FOALPeter BillikenSon of Peter Theleading sire of futurity winners, dam Baron Lassie, by Baron WilkesJ5Vinner of 6-heat race against aged horses.Terms: $50 to Ensure a Living Foal."TOTxgfg-im-S 83907(2) 2.19Sire of Black Wig 2:07 tf. Remorseful 2:08, Dorcas H. 2:08, Betsy G.2:110X. Katherine A. 2:11 (Ky Futurity winner 1902), Bessie Brown 2:12,JNedra W. 2:14, Rena Wise 2:15, Sheeney 2:15, Wig Wag 2:16, (champion of Europe) Durgee 2:19., and twenty-three others in 2:30 list.$25 To InsureTom IVflCgLoisLThe celebrated James E. Clay jack, will make the season at Maplehurst StockjFarm. Tomjtfack is the best breeder of mutes that euer stood in the county.$1 2 to insure a Living Foal.W. A. BACON, Paris, Ky.One of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are ShowingA moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"4 Hat you'll find it in our presrten handsome display of smartmillinery."We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Hot and ColdBATHSHot and cold baths.fiverything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits You are next.M. A. fCAHAL.cathartics and such things. SyrupPepsin, by training the stomach andbowel muscles to again do their worknaturally, and with its tonic ingredients strengthening the nerves, bringsabout a lasting cure. Among itsstrongest supporters are Mr. JohnGraveline of 98 Milwaukee Ave., Detroit, Mich., and Mr. J. A. Vernon ofOklahoma City. Thousands of othersof both sexes have written to Dr.Caldwell telling of gratifying resultsIt can be obtained of any druggist atfifty cents and one dollar a bottle, orif you want to try it first afree sample bottle can be obtained by writingthe doctor.For the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building,Monticello, 111.LaundryS0A P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.2:02(3) 2:16 1-4Great 2:07 J,2:18.a Living Foal.Begin to Do It Today.Mankind is always happier for having been happy; so that if you makethem happy now, you make them happy twenty years hence, by the memoryof it. Sidney Smith.Natural Law Applied."Seedless lemons are developed bygrafting." So are the kind sometimeshanded to officeholders. ClevelandLader.Pays to Go Slow.It is sometimes better not to getfighting mad over the impugned innocence of our friends until we learn thefacts in the case.Prescient in His Day.A scientist has discovered that in5321 A. D. the earth will cease toturn on. its axis. But if it shouldn'the will be spared the humiliation ofhearing the people denounce him as aliar. Memphis News.Evidently Not.Mrs. Malaprop No, I never wasstrong on literature. To save my lifeI couldn't tell you who wrote Gray'aElegy. Life.Through Sorrow to "Joy.In labor lies health of body andmind: in suffering and difficulty is thsoul of all virtue and all wisdom.Carlyle.Bee's Fast Rate of Travel.A bee's wings are said to beat theair at the rate of 190 strokes a second, while the insect can travel adistance of thirty miles an hour.A Good Dinner.Judge Gary, head of' the steel trust,attended a banquet in New York. Thefood was good: the lights were bright;the silver shimmered; the wine sparkled jthe cigars added a.final completeness to the happiness of everybodypresent. When it came Judge Gary'sturn to speak his mind was saturatedwith benevolence, and his thoughtsturned to the welfare of the republicand the sufferings of the working men.Listen to him :"Things are being said at the present time akin to the things that weresaid just prior to the French Revolution, and in my opinion there is dangerahead. Unless capitalists, corporations, and men of great wealth take aleading part in the amelioration ofconditions, there will be changes madelater by the mob."The same newspapers which told thestory of the banquet, and of JudgeGary's speech, also chronicled the tes"timony of witnegses before the Stanleycommittee. These witnesses tok howthe steel trust forces men to labortwelve hours asday, seven ckys aweek, for wages which compel themto live like swie a condition whichJudge Gary could ameliorate with astroke of his pen.The banquet hall is dark. The dinners are gone. The tables are strippedof their linen and viands. And somewhere in that deserted room, shrunkenso small that the servants failed to seeit when they swept cut the crumbs, isJudge Gary's beautiful Altruism.Roosevelt and the Tariff.Once in his life Theodore Rooseveltalmost expressed an opinion on thetariff question. In a preliminary draftof one of his messages, as it came fromthe printer, was this'sentence :"In a later message I shall discussthe tariff."Senators Aldrich and Lodge andSpeaker Cannon saw that pregnantsentence, and immediately they rushedto the White House. Presto, when themessage was fionaly submitted to Congress, there was no reference to tariff.Aside from that, no living man canpoint to any written or spoken opinionthat Mr. Roosevelt ever expressed onthe tariff question.A Standpatter's Wail.The Senate was discussing the billfor the establishment of a Children'sBureau in the Department of Commerce and Labor. Senator JbJorah, theauthor of the bill, had gone to greatlengths to explain how the huge corporations were exploiting little children, crushing them, with hard toil,while they were yet of tender years,tie explained that'the bill contemplated no interference with the properrelation of parents toward their children, and that its purpose was merelyto provide for the collection of statistics and information on which the separate states and municipalities mightbase a soluton of the problem of childwelfare."In t:.e great cities," said SenatorCorah, "little children fester andswelter and steal and starve and die.This bill is designed to aid them."By this time Senator Heyburn wastearing his hair. When Mr. Borah finished he rose in his place and for twohours complained of the "unconstitutionlity" of the bill. His final argument was that Abraham Lincolrf was apoor boy.Kill Each Other's Vote.Although Senator B. M. Arnett, ofJessamine, and Senatoor Lewis W.Arnett, of Covington, are father andson respectively, they rarely ever votetogether, says the Louisville Times.They represent the only instance inKentucky of a father and son havingseats in the same branch of the Legislature. The elder, Arnett's name isFirst on the Senate, roll call, and theson's follows just after and they frequently kill each other's vote. Therisibilities of the staid Senators arefrequently arousea hy the father voting "year," and the son "nay" or viceversa as the case may be. No fatheror son could be more affectionate ordevoted than the Senators Arnett, andtheir frequently opposte positions onpublic questions is due entirely to thedifference inthe constituency theyrepresent."Too Much Continuous Performance.Little Madge contracted appendicitis, and had to be sent to the hospitalto have an operation performed. Shebore it all very coolly and pluckily.When she became convalescent, thesurgeon came to remove the stitchesthat had been put in the wound. Thechild's plea of dignity was very muchupset, and she demanded, indignantly: "Do you s'pose I come here to beall stitched up and then unpickedagain?"Discouraging Progress."You're not doing as well in yourmathematics as you ought to be; Johnny," said Mrs. Lapsling; "at your ageyour cousin Horace was naif .waythrough differential calipers."Schoberth Will Oppose Cantrill.Representative Harry A. Schberth,of Woodford county, formally "announced himself as a candidate for Congressfrom the Seventh Congressional District, to oppose the present incumbent,Hon. J. Campbell Cantrill, of Scottcounly.In Baking his announcement Mr.Schoberth puts it up to the Democratsof the Ashland District to say whetheror not the action of the District Committee in calling the primary forMarch 16 was fair or whether it wascalled especially to insure the nomination of Congressman Cantril. 5'i'he announcement of Mr Schoberth is fs follows :"To the Democrats of the SeventhCongress.onal District: I am a candidate for the Democratic nominationfor Congressman from tbi3 district,subject to the action of. the Democratic party in the primary to be held onMarch 16. A large number of the bestDemocrats of the district have askedme to become a candidiate and pledgedme their cordial support."I shall make as active and vigorousa campaign as it is possible for me tomake in the limited time allowed bythe Committee. It is not my purposeto criticise the action of a majority ofthe Committee in calling the primaryso early, and at such an inconvenienttime for the voters of the district; forit has always been my custom to submit without complaint to the actionsof the constituted authorities of theparty. But it is necessary for me toeall upon the Democratic voters whounderstand the situation and urgethem not to allow the shortness of thetime oi the inclemency of the seasonto prevent them from casting theirvotes in the primary."It i3 for you to decide, not for meto say, whether the majority of theCommittee in calling the early primary were influenced by considerationof the welfare and the best interestsof the Democratic party or by theirdesire to make sure, if possible, therenominatoin of the present incumbentof the office, by preventing the entryinto the race of any other Democratto oppose him.u' 'There are those who believe, inview of the fact that the General Assembly now in session has been practically sure to pass a general primarylaw to relieve candidates of the greatexpense and burden of entrance fees,that it would have been better for thisCommittee to await the action of theGeneral Assembly which will give ample time to make all nominations forthe next November election."But regardless of these difficulties,I have decided to make the announcement and to submit my candidacy tothe splendid Democracy of the Ashland District, confidently believingthat, as far as it is in your power todo so between now and the 16th ofMarch, you will give ma fair and patient consideration, and reward mewith your support, if I can prove myself deserving of it."I believe that those constituent5:who have honored me in the past willtestify that I have always provenfaithful to iheir trust and honest inthe discharge of my duties. And ifnominated and elected to this repsonsible and honorable position as a membre of the Federal Congress, I shallconscientiously and dutifully endeavorto serve the people who have so trusted me."I shall speak in as many places andas often as it may be possible betweennow and the primary, but I muBt appeal to those who favor my candidacyto help me the best they can to meetthe difficulties ot so short a campaignand to impress ur.on he Democrats ofthe district their duty in coming to thepolls. I have no fear of the result ifthey will do so."I cannot believe that any largenumber of Democrats in the districtwill permit themselves to be disfranchised by reason of this premature callfor the primary, but I do believe thatthey will brave the severities of theseason, it necessary, in their determination to see that, justice is done andthe welfare of the party served."Veiy respectfully,"H. A. SCHOBEKTH."Earliest Expressions of Thought.History, as it lies at the root of allscience, is also the first distinct product of man's spiritual, nature; his earliest expression of what may be calledthought. Carlyle.Real Life.The mintage of wisdom is to knowthat rest is rust, and that real life isin love, laughter and work. ElbertHubbard.MB T R Bl H H Vfi W 9 1 IIIK kS I 1 la Dak 18 I I IIIma km a a am mm?, n & am. cmmis the best and quickestway to perfect health.Women and girls whosuffer are simply weakweak all over.Opiates and alcoholicmixtures are worse 'thanworthless, they aggravate the, trouble andlower the standard ofhealth.oott's Emulsionstrengthens the wholebody, invigorates andbuilds up.Be sure to getit's the Standardthe best. .SCOTT'Sand alwaysAU, DRUGGISTS.11-21MAIS AND THE SOJQL.tr. R. V. Pierce of Buffalo, author of the Coznmoii ScnsoMedical Adviser, says " why does not the farmer treat his cwabody as he treats the land he cultivates. He puts back m phosphate what he takes out in crops, or the land would grow poor.The farmer should put back into his body the vital clementJexhausted by labor, or by ill-health induced by somo chron:3fi t- .i - i a i.i ,-- ,-r,1iir rt 'r ilnrnrdisease. rurcner, ne cays, uiu s1"4- -Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery is in its viisLsiag power. It iyes strengt .to the stomach znd puriiy to the blood. It is K2: thohospes which supplynature with the substances that build u? the crops. The f-r-rcachmg cct:oa ctdoctor tierce's Golden B3cd5cal Oiococryis due to its effect on the stomach and organs of digestion and nutrition. Diseases that begin in the stomach are eared through the stomach. A bilious spellis simply the result of an effort mece by the liver to catch up when over-workedand exhausted. I have found the ' Discovery ' to be unsurpassed cs a liver regulator and rich blood-maker."Miss Lottie Kxisely of Perth, Kansas, savr: I trill hcr add . ny ; trstirapof the elrecr.ivenes3 of vour remedy upon rnysch. I vas troubled vith i..digcbtnfor two years or more. "Doctored with three different doctors besides j taking numerr.c i.-inHs rvf coniii tr.Tnfioh pi. vps ' hut received no permanent rcliei. iv. as n:adown, could not sleep at nigach. Was weak, could eattime. About one year anaI 1 V U tnlvf T,r',i-Un,M- .lktmjs nnrl lmvnVJllllIlWH VUU IU1UUUI.'UJ uim ...... 0I thank you for your remedy and wisnGEO. W. DAVISFDNESAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EIBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.The Best is noneand make the Women happy.Dodson & DentonPARIS. KY.East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis,M'rtlersburg, North Middletown, Littlef Rock anRuddles Mills."When you have EastHAVE telephone service."East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedNOTICE!TO:DITCHERS iAND FARMERS!Market Price I am' Paying ForHides:Beef Hides, 10 1-4 to 11 1-2Cents per lb.MAX MUNICK,8th Street, " PARI?, KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 374JSnnk EangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.augl6tfEast Tenn. Phoe 669LOWEY & TALBOTTALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.lit with the pain in my encst. cuseu uv yaascareelv anvthing although I was hungry nearly all tU. . . -ri J-l-:. I rlnlrlnn 1 Of I loft I 1 11 Crr. -a nan ago 1 uejuiu uiivms -jui j.,,. .v...cniroMi Tw-.t.lp nm nnarlv cured of stomach trouaie.rrfimpfl fiftCVn UOUIldS in VOlfjllt.- . , -1 .,you all success m your good w ork.'1toogoodor you.Tennesseeservice you(ARBER SHOP !Modern Equipment.4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORBJoe. G. Mitchell,Against Fire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies. Phone 162Agent.will not be yours unless youhave a parlor stove as artisticas it is serviceable. Have alook at the stoves in this hardware store. They are brightand attractive and really betterheat makers than the ugliestod stove you ever saw. Prettiness costs nothing either.Plain stoves cannot, -be boughtcheaper. -EWTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB. 20, 19i2:PUBLIC SALESpecial Commissioner'sSale-OFREALz And Personal Property : :ocated in and Around the City Limits of Paris, Ky., onednesday,At 10 o'clock a. m.Having sub-divided my farm, I will offer at public sale, WITHOUT- ERVE, the following tracts:Tract No. 1 contains 24 acres.Tract No. 2 contains 3 acres.Tract "No. 3 contains Z acres. vTract No. 4 contains 3 i acres. .,,"?; .- "Tract No. 5 contains 4- acres.Tract No. 6 contains 5 acres. 'Tract No. 7 contains 5 acres.All fronting on Georgetown pike.Tract No. 8 contains 10 J acres.Tract No. 9 contains 14 acres.Above two tracts have a 30 foot road to Georgetown pike.Tract No. 10 contains 42 acres, fronting on Georgetown pike.Said tract has a four-room cottage, good cistern,. tobacco barn, 48x74 ft,,t . other outbuildings, all in good repair.14 building lots on Eighth street, 40x200 feet each.1 three-room house, stock barn and three acres of land on Gano street.At the same time and place I will sell the following personal property:4 extra good young Jersey cows, fresh ;2 sows and pigs, 7 shoats," 1 extra good young male hog;2 2-horse wagons. 1 set wagon harness, 1 mower, 1 disc harrow, 1 Aarrow, plows, cultivators, etc.500 1-it. locust fence posts, 25 large 10-ft. gate and end posts, locust.7,000 tobacco sticks, and many other things too numerous to mention.TERMS On real estate, one-third cash, balance in three equal pay-nts. due in 1, 2 and 3 years, with lein on note, bearing interest at 6 pernr, or if purchaser desires to pay all cash, will allow a discount of 2 pernt. on deferred payments.On personal property, all sums of 20 and under, cash, all sums over this- lount. 4 months with bankable note without interest.Sale at 10 o'clock sharp.Free Lunch and Burgoo.GEO. RASSENFOSS.For further information, address Harris & Speakes, Paris, Ky.Col. Geo. D. Speakes, Auct.Public Sale:"1 coner'sOFDESIRABLESUBURBAN HOMEOn Thursday, Feb, 29, 1912,at 1 o'clock, p, m.i will sell at public auction on thepremises in East Paris, at 256 Mainstreet, my home place, consisting ofabout ten acres of land, with all necessary improvements thereon, a iargetwo story brick house with nine roomsand halls, porches, large cellars, Lath''Qom, hot and cold water upstairs, andijwn, electric lights and fixtures, meathouse, chicken houses, buggy andirriage house, cistern, etc.TERMS Made known on day of sale.Prospective purchasers are invitedto call and inspect the premises.At the same time and place will also-eil publicly one Holl&day buggy, onebarouche and a lot of household furniture. MRS. SALLIE C. McMILLAN.Paris, KyKENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Bfue Grass Route."Hourly High Speed ThroughService.Paris Lexington' FrankfortDivision.' ars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort every hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until S p. m.,unci at 10 p. m., the last car goingonly as far as Versailles.1 ars leave Lexington for Versaillesand Frankfort, and for Parjs everyhour on the hour from (5 a. m. until7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p. m., thelast car going only as far as Versailles. ars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington and Paris eveiy thirtyminutes after the hour from 6:30 a.m. until 7:30 p. m., and at 10:30 p.m., the last car going only as laras Lexington.GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTONNICHOLASVILLEDivision.(.'irs leave Georgetown for Lexingtonaod Nicholasville every forty-fiveminutes after the hour from 5:45 a.m. until 0:45 p. m., and 8:05 and10:05 p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Qeorgetownevery hour on the hour from fi a. muntil 7 p. m. and at 9 and It. P- m.("ars leave Lexington for Nicholasville every thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 p.m. and at 9:30 p. m. and 11 p. m.Oars leave Nicholasville for Lexington and Georgetown . every fifteenminutes after the hour from 6:15 a.m. until 2:15 p. m. and 10:15 p. m.Daily Fast Fre'ght Service BetweenParis, l exing on, Versailles,Frankrforr,. (ipowHiown and all Intermediate Points. Freight Agent's Tcjru I'm rT, '-?no "MowIJIMIIII-'NZ l Jill r 11U11C UVc7,ESTATEFeb. 21, 1912OF-LAND.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Thos. Henry Clay. Jr., as StatutoryGuardian of Jennie Connor, andOthers, on Petition.Under and by virtue of a ,judgmentof the Bourbon Circuit Court renderedin the above styled action, the undersigned Special Commissioner of thesaid Court will sell at public auction tothe highest and best bidder, at thefront door of the Bourbon county courthouse, in the city of Paris, Ky,, at orabout the hour of twelve o'clock, noon,onMONDAY, MARCH 4, 1912,the following described property:A certain tract of land situated inBourbon conntv. Kentuckv. on thewaters of Strode's creek, and boundedas follows: Beginning in the middle ofthe Paris and Winchester turnpike atL, a corner to Matt Bedford and Mrs.Mariah Hildreth; thence N. 14 J W.11.91 chains to K, a point in the middleof said pike;thence N.lGj4W.3.56chainsto J, a point in the middle of same;thence N. 2K W. 2.80 chains to I, apoint in the middle of same coiner toThomas Henrv Clay: thence leayingthe pike N. 85 W. 2.07 chains, to A, aniron post corner to said Clay; thencewith his line S. 12 W. 2.01 chains to B,an iron stake; thence S. 5Z W. 1.73chains to C, a stake on the east bankof Strode's creek; thence up said creekon the east bank thereof as it meandersS. 2yz W. 4.30 chains to D, a stake onthe east side of a box elder; thence S.19 W. 9.70 chains to E, a stake on theeast side of an elm; thence S. 20 W.4.61 chains to G, corner to Matt Bedford; thence leaving the creek withsaid Bedford's line N. 68 E. 14.72 chainsto the beginning, and containing 15.27acres of land.The above tract of land has on it thehereinafter named improvements, viz:a substantial frame dwelling of sixrooms and two halls, one barn, onecabin, smoke house, hen house andother outbuildings.Said sale will be made upon a creditof six and twelve months for equalparts of the purchase money, the purchaser being required to execute bondsfor eaual installments of the purchaseprice," with good security thereon, to beapproved by said Special Commissioner,oayable to said Special Commissioner,bearing interest at the rate of six percent per annum from date of said saleuntil paid, having the force and effecto' fa judgment, and to remain a lien onthe property sold until fully paid.C A. MCMILLAN,Special Commissioner Bourbon CircuitCourt.Talbott & Whitley, Attorneys.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.(3-10-17-24feb-2mar)TOBACCOHAULINGWe are prepared to haulTobacco to the markets atany point. No crop toolarge. We can furnish teamsand wagons. 'TRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special atten' tion given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Eighth Street Both Phones..OF.LAND.BOURBON. CIRCUIT COURT.Mrs. W. W. Massie" Adm'r., Plaintiff,YSHer Legatees, Defendants.Under and by virtue of a judgmentof the Bourbon Circuit Court renderedin the above styled action, the undersigned Special Commissioner of the saidCourt will sell at public auction to thehighest and bestbidder.at the front doorof the Bourbon County Court House,in the city of Paris, Kentucky, at orabout the hour of twelve o'clock, noon,onSaturday, Feb. 24, I9S2,the following described property:A certain tract of land in Bourboncounty, Ky., on the waters of Flat Runcreek, and bounded as follows:Beginning at 5, a corner lo Mrs J. W.Fisker; thence N 52 W 21.12 chains to6, a corner to Mrs. Redmou: thence S47-i- W 95 links to 7, a corner to same;thence N 35 VV 2.00 chains to 8. a corner to same; thence N 63 W 2.06 chainsto 9 a corner to same; thence N 67 VV6.07 chains to A. a corner to same;thence N 30i W 2 48 chains to B, a corner to same; thence 6 57-J- W 1.52 chainsto C, a corner to same ; thence N 32i- W1 85 chains to D, a corner to same;thence N 53A W 60 90 chains to E. acorner to same; thence IS 83 W 1.13chains to F, a corner to Mrs. Quinby;thence S 47f W 7 70 chains to G, cornerto same;tlience S 39 VV 5 04 chains to H;thence S 29j- W 4 10 chains to I. a corner to same; thence S 85 VV 11.06 chainsto J, the middle of Ruddle's Mills turnpike; ihence S OJ- E 9.81 chains to K.the middle of saidturnDike; thence S2JW 28 00 chains to L; thence S 9 E 8 68chains to M, the middle of same; thenceS 14 E 11.35 champ to N the middleofsame; thence S 65 E 6 40 chains toO, the middle of Fame and corner to39.95 acre tract; thence N 46 degrees, 4minutes E 59.61 chains to A, a postcorner to said tract and W H. Whaley ;thence with his line S 36 E 10 84 chainsto the beginning, containing 249.95acres, and being part of the same landconveyed to the said first party byHorace Miller's Administrator, &c, bydeed recorded in Deed Book 87, page510. Bourbon County Court Clerk'soffice.Said sale will be made upon credits ofone, two and three years for equal partsof the purchase money, the purchaserbeing required to execute bonds forequal installments of the purchase price,with good security thereon, payable tothe said Special Commissioner, bearinginterest at the rate of 6 per cent perannum from date of sale until paid infull, and to remain a lien upon theproperty sold uutii fully paid, and saidbonds are to have the force and effect ofa judgment; or the purchaser may pa'part or all cash if he so desires; and ifhe will pay as much as one third cash(by consent of parties) no surety will berequired of him on his bonds for theresidue.C A. MCMILLAN,Special Commissioner.TALBOTT & WHITLEY,Attorneys.M. F. KENNEY, Aucfr.(3feb-3t-s)PUBLIC SALEOFStock, Farm Implements,Etc.Having decided to quit farming-, Iwill sell at public auction, at myfather's place on the Bethlehem pikeabout fonr miles from Paris, onThursday, Feb. 22, 1912,at ten o'clock a. m., the followingstock and farm implements:1 team horse mules, 7 and 8 yearsold;1 team horse mules, 6 to 7 years old;1 horse mule, 6 years old;1 horse mule, 14 years old;These mules are about 16 hands highand are extra good workers ;1 8 year old mare by Blue Chester,in foal to Red McDonald; and one extranice driver:1 colt, by Taylor Simmons :117 ewes, bred to lamb in March;2 cows with young calves;14 sows, bred to farrow in March;1 Duroc boar;1 Poland China boar;70 80-lb, shoats:1 Moyer rubber-tired buggy;1 break cart:1 Old Hickory wagon and bed;1 StudebaKer wagon and bed ;1 wagon frame;1 10-disc Hposier drill;2 Deering binders;1 Randall harrow;1 smoothing harrow;3 steel beam Vulcan breaking plows;1 wooden beam Vulcan breakingplow;2 Brown Walking cultivators;1 Brown riding cultivator;1 Avery walking cultivator;1 Black Hawk corn planter;1 bull rake;1 Deering mower;12 hog houses, on runners;300 shocks of fodder;Some corn;Six sets of wagon and plow gears;1 set buggy harness;1 Chicago horse-clipping machine;1 grind stone, etc., etc.TERMS All sums of 825 and undercash. Over that amount a credit ofsix months will be allowed on joodbankable note, bearing interest at therate of six per cent per annum fromday of sale until paid.LLOYD ASHURST, JR.,R. F. D. No. S, Paris, Ky.Home phone 519.M. F. KENNEY. Auctioneer.31jan-tdAristocratic iDairy Farmers.Dairy farming is. popular as a genuine source of' 'income '-to the Britisharistocracy. . , ; ' .JL ?. Klbeekr's february Clearance Sale?If Not, Why Not?Hundreds of wonderful vaSues await you here Every articlein our entire stock of furniture., Rugs, Carpets, Curtains andStoves greatly reduced Don't let this grand opportunity passyour notice Below we Quote four of the many values:Dinlog TefofesSolid Oak Table, 6 feet, squaretop $4.75A round Table, 48 inch top, 8feet long, very massive, highlypolished golden oak, just likecut. Clearance Sale $1ockersaleor. Main and Third StsSTOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESCommissioner of Agriculture J. W.Newman has addressed the followingto the farmers of Kentucky :To the Farmers of Ketucky :You are hereby notified that theState Farmers' Institute as providedfor by lav? Is called to assemble atFranfort February 27, 28 and 29.All delegates will be duly notified!through this office but this notice issent to the public in order that all farmers, .irrespective of whether delegates or not, are cordially invited andwill be accorded the privileges of thefloor and are in fact urged to be present at this meeting, as it is understoodby your Commissioner, the iaw doesnot contemplate that just one personfrom each county should attend thismeeting, but that all persons interested in the development of the agricultural resources of the State who desire to attend should be given the opportunity and the invitation to cometo this meeting.Women are especially invited andFeDruary 28 will be in great measure"Ladies Day." Some of the best lecturers on "Household Economics,""Home Improvement" and "Women'sPlace in Agricullure"have beensecured. and particular attention will be given to interesting the women of Kentucky in the" improvpment of homeconditions especially in the rural districts.Low railroad rates are expectedAfoigood program has been providedthis Institute. The General Assemblyis in session. The State Capitol is always interesting and it is hoped thatthis meeting will be the largest gathering of farmers ever held in the borders of the state.Any information'desired further willbe cheerfully given by addressing,J. W. NEWMAN,Commissioner of Agricuture,Frankfort, Ky.CI. John T. Hughes, of Fayettecounty, sold last week" to Booth Ecton,of Denver, Col., four fine saddle horses for an aggregate of $2,500. All ofthe animals were by the good sire RedMDconald. They were Senator Cantrill, ch c by Red 'McDonald HattieShropshire,; ch f by Red McDonald,dam by Black Squirrel ;ch f by Red McDonaldMiss Dolan; ch m by Red Mc-1Donald Lady Moberly. The highest!price was obtained for Senator Can-jtrill who brought $1,000.1 Tr "WAi cIf the farmers of this section de- a broker of Cincinnati and Covington, Iaire to give their tired lands a rest j Ky., by which 5,750 hogsheads, or be-jthey will find themselves up against it,,tween o, 000, 000 and 6,000,000 pounds of ?when they come to purchase clover and j 1909 pooled tobacco was sold at a price .timothy seed. The former is selling at said to be around 17 cents. The tobac- j$14 and the latter at about half that co was bought, it is believed, foramount. " New York firm, The lot purchased,. . . will wipe out the entire holdings of ,nvuuiumg tu me eziibus repurtthere are at present only 483 peafowlsin the whole State of Kentucky. Inpoint of numbers, the bird is stated tobe decreasing all over he country. Ifthis is correct, it means the practicalextinction of the most beautiful of allour domestic fowls. The public sale;of the stock andfarming implements ofCD: L. Leggett,KitchenSolid Oak, Glass Doors,Board and Two SmallDrawers in base. In ourFebruary Clearance Sale$9.00on&Canopy top, Two Large Bins ppf Bp 'for Flour and Meal, Bread TPPWMSl1 SMermZS-.. y?yXtezZ-.-1A Solid Oak Sewing Rocker, cainor wood seat,75cAJarge OakRocker with arms,wood or leatherseat. In our February ClearanceWe are offeringa beautifulWhite Bed withbrass knobs inour FebruaryClearance SaleFor $1.95And one like cut for$6.25$1.75ecler Furniture Co,s, KentuckytHAb. A. GRLEN, Mgr.st Oakland Stock Farm on the CaneRidge pike Thursday attracted a largecrowd and good prices were realizedHorses brought from $105 to $150. Apair of sorrel horses sold for $517.50,and a pair of chestnut mares for $450.One pair of mules brought S365. andone aged mul& $105. Sheep sold for$4.50 to $4.65, cows $30 to $75, shoats$2 to $6 50, brood sows $10 to $16, 700pound cattle $35.25 per head. All thefanning implements s..ld fur goodprices. The sale was conducted byHarris & Speaes, Col. George D.Speakes acting as auctioneer.A large crowd attended' the countycourt day market at Owingsville lastMonday, but business was rather light.A few good mountain cattle broughtfrom 4 to 5 cents a pound. The fewhogs on the market sold at a loss,- thedemand being limited on account oftke scarcity of corn. Good mulesbrought from $320 to $400 a pair.Hon. IVIorris Farris, of Boylecounty, sustained a heavy loss of cattle this week in a peculiar manner.The drove was in a pasture. A largenumber of the steers walked upon afrozen pond in search of water. Theice gave way, and before the stock icould be rescued, eighteen fine steers Iwere chilled to death. 'All records of the season werebroken at Richmond Friday when sev-'eral baskets of the crop of Prewitt &Lay ton, of Garrard county, brought!$60 a hunrded at the Farmers House. IThe entire crop of $4,000 pounds aver-1aged $17.86. !iAt the Lexington horse sales lastweek Clarence iSarbee, of Millersburg,bought Lyda Cor, br m by Gambett'sWilkies-L. & N. for $220.A notable death eccurred in Winchester recently. The name of the de- !ceased was not written in the halls of jfame, neither was she known outside!her immediate family, but she hadjlayed 150 eggs in as many days, ac-jcording to the statement of Mr. J. W. tHollar, the hen's owner for a hen shewas. For one hundred and fifty days jthis mo unusual fowl had laid an eggja day. jThe Burley Tobacco Society of jKentucky, through its officials at a 'meeting held in Cincinnati Friday, !closed a deal with Theodore H. Kirk, I. R ...j. Unwn n TV An.!other big deal is pending which willtake up more of the Burley 1909 pooltobacco, of which there are but 5,000,000 or 6;000,000 pounds left. Mr. Kirkthus far is perhaps tne largest individual purchaser of Burley tvbacco on(record, he haven taken over sonrthingilke 18,000000 pounds from the BurleySociety since December 5. 3T " ;CabinetsforOpp. Court HonPedagogue at His Worst.An Ohio schoolteacher has declaret"that both the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution artlacking in literary style. It would betoo great a risk to trust that rnaa.with either the first chapter o2Genesis or the Gettysburg speech.Cleveland Plain Dealer.Guarded Against Dishonesty.In the city of London at the time oJ,King John every vintner was requirecfto hang outside his shop an iron ves-..sel with pegs marking the differenxquantities sold.Fish Has Vocal Organs.Perhaps the most conspicuous exjample of the fishes that are capab'leiof utterance is the drum-fish, so callediby reason of the deep, booming noiseit produces at will. It is found alongthe Atlantic coast, from Massachis.setts to Florida.Parson's Poem a Gem.From Rev. 11. Stabenvoll, Allison.Ia., in praise of Dr. King's New LifePills:"They're such a health necessifcy.In every home these pills should be.If other kinds vou've tried in vain,USE DR. KING'SAnd be well again.Onlv 25c at Oberdorfer's.MUST BEUEV1 ST. "Vhen Well Known Paris FeoplerTell it So Plainly.When public endorsement i3 madeby a representative citizen of Paristhe proof is positive. You must believe it. Read this testimony. Everybackache sufferer, every man, womanor child with any kidney trouble willfind profit in the reading :Mrs. Laura Lair; 1114 Fleasantrstreet, Paris, Ky., says: "Doan'sKidney Pill3 were of greater benefit tome than any other kidney mediciue '1ever took and I consider them worthyof the highest endorsement. I believethat kidney trouble was inherited inmy case. My back was pairfulespecially when I stooped or lifted,and when I got up in the morning Ifelt very lame. I was languid and1nervous and was subject to severeheadaches and dizzv spells. WheneverI caught cald it settled in my kidrey?!and made my conidtion worse. Do3nrsiKidney Pills helped me in a sboit tim vand the contents of one fcos effected a .complete cure."For sale by all dealer's. Price 5,cents. Fostet-Milbutn Co., Buaio.rvew xorK, soie agenis tor iue uim;u.Statfs. ....Remember-. the na-meD.'oatt--s3ncltake no t.fchert . 'a : 'BrBrass Bedsfclillllse. mPhone, 309.' r.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB. 20, 1912THEATRICAL.ftIItoI!31!illi:1Onr SpecialShort Profit SaleIs Now On'Every One is Pleased with the GreatBargains They Are Getting inWatches, Clocks, Jewelry, Silverware,Cut &ass, Etc"It's Better to Buy Them Than to Wish You Had."Why Not Get That Watch To-day?HERE ARE SOME OF OUR PRICES:$55.00 Watches, now $44.00$30.00 Watches, now $24.00$58.00 Watches, now $46.40$40.00 Watches, now. $32.00$24.00 Watches, now $19.20Similar Reductions on All OthersOur Umbrellas at $2.75 are especially good values.For 55 cents we are selling the best $1.00 AlarmClock made.Watch our window andtake'advantage of the bargains showniMan Tried Here isiAssassinated iA longssiumbering Breathitt county ifeud was kindled anew Thursday when (a double killing occurred on Buckhornin Breathitt county. John Davidson ,and Levi Johnson were killed and an-(other man was .wounded. The shooting jwas done f rom'a store along the road- iside and five men are said to have par- jticipated. !Davidson was indicted in the Breathitt county court on a charge of complicity in the murder of John Abnerlong identified with the Hargis-Calla-hanfaction and upon a change ofvenue was tried in the Bourbon countycourt in connection with Jaae Deaton,Hacker Combs and his brother, TomDavidson, last December, which resulted in the acquittal of the accused.Davidson was friendly to the Deatonsand the friendly relations are said tohave resulted in what is termed as theDeaton-Davidson clan. Johnson, atone time, it is alleged, fired at EdCallahan, a Hargis clansman, fromaaibush. The killing Thursday occurred within three miles of the home ofEd. Callahan.Fear is expressed that the assassinatiqn of Davidson and Johnson mayhave the effect of opening hostilities,and create an outbreak in the feudwhich has-been slumbering in Breathittsince the death of Judge Hargis, therecognized leader oftthe Hargis clan.-Several killings have occurred recently which may result in more bloodshed. The killing of "Big John" Davidsonis a matter or local interest irom trie;fact that his trial was held here last iDecember. Uf the quartette whichwas accused of the murder ot John"Red Tom" Davidson, Jase Deaton ;having met his death in a fight withAnse White, and Hacker Combs, who Kev. George H. Harris, ofwas also indicted in connection with ton, who recently acceptedthe crime, died at his home in Jacksonlast week.Will Begin Duties Tomorrow.LexingGirl of Fifteen Weds.Miss Irene Veatch daughter of Mr.and Mrs. J. J. Veatch, formerly ofthis city, and aged about 15 years, wasuited in marriage on Dec. 15, to Mr.E. L. Isaacs, the wedding taking placeat Bristol, Tenn. The couple kept thismarriagejfa secret until a few days agowhen it was made public and the newswas received in this city by Mrs. FrankBurton in a letter from Mrs. Veatch.Mr. Veatch was formerly manager ofthe East Tennessee Telephone Co., inthis city, and resided here for a number of years. He and his family arenow at Riley, Ky.In Squire FretwelPs Court.Abner onlyremains,In Squire FretwelPs court yesterdayafternoon Mack Jones and BrickThomas, both colored, arrested byPatrolman Fred Link on the Louisvilleand Nashville track near the junctionon a charge of drunkenness, were fined$5 and costs each.Bob Washington, colored, was givenone hundred and twenty days in jail,i after being tried on a charge of petitlarceny. Washington went into thecourt house yesterday morning and appropriated eight towels. Afterwardshe visited the county jail to see afriend and was on his way to his homein Claysville with the bundle containing the towels under his arm whentaken into custody by Patrolman Mc-call tothe pastorate of the Episcopal churchin this city, preached his last sermonat the church of the Good ShepherdSunday night in Lexington. He willcome to Paris Wednesday to asume hisnew paslorial dating.RESOLUTIONS'.Upon the resignation of Dr. J. M.Maxon, the rector of St. Peter'schurch, this city, its officers and members passed the following resolution :Resolved, that it is with feelings ofgreat regret that Dr. Maxon has seenfit to give up the work, in which hehas taken such a hearty interest during his service as our rector; that werecognize in him a power for good inany community, of superior mind,sincere, devout, and loves his church,yet, is above all else broad minded,guided and governed by the truestprinciples of the Christian gentleman.To whatevei people he may go, wewould most heartily commend him.BY THE VESTRY AND MEMBERS OF THE CHURCH.Caught in Winchester.Patrolman G. N. McKenney went, toWinchester Sunday and returned Sunday afternoon with Henry Hawkins,colored, wanted in this city on acharge of crap shooting. The warranthad been out against Hawkins sincelast fall. He was taken ifito cutsodyby the Winchester officials Saturday."THE COUNTRY BOY." ,! At the Paris Grand tomorrow night: Henry B. Harris will present "The'Country Boy" EJgar Selwyn's fouract comedy, with an excellent cast especially selected for this tour. The!play is one which has gained much success in New York as well as the small, er cities of the country for it is a realistic picture of the strivings of a boywho goes from a small community tomake his way in the jity equippedmainly with an aggravated sense ofhis own abilities and an ego uf untenable dimensions."The Country Qoy" is based uponthe familiar young man of great imag-jination bred in a small country town.His greatest ambition is to get awayfrom what he considers the limitationof his birthplace and make a greatname for himself in the city. He abandons a charming home, a good mother,and a sensible sweetheart in the country town and goes forth to make hisway.Instead of bringing him fame andglory New York only brings him an at- !tachment for a chorus girl for whom 1he throws away his money and hisbusiness prospects. Added to this blowcomes the news of his sweetheart's engagement to another man. The boy Irealizes that he has failed uterly. Disappointed, defeated, his chagrin bringsdespair in its train when a friend, anewspaper man, manages to imbue himwith his own healthy and optimisticview of ilfo bv pointing out what agreat chance the boy really has withhealth and strength and friends athome to stand by him. IThe newspaper man himself was atabout the end of his rope, but in hisenthusiasm for the boy he rouses hisown ambition and they both return tothe latter's home. There they succeedin establishing a newpsaper and theyrun it so ably that they win the respect of the community and material .success as well. The cup of success jbrims over for the youth howeverwhen his sweetheart tells him that she floves him as well as she ever did. Thestory is told in such a manner as to .make the audience laugh at the eccen- )tricities of the characters which arebrought logically into the drama. Henry B. Harris has organized an excellent company to enact the piay. fEducational Rally Well AttendedThe Bourbon County TeachersAssociation held a very interestingeducational rally in the court housnSaturday. The sessions were largelyattended by the teachers, patrons andpupils. The' County Superintendent,Miss Mabel Robbins, had arranged anexcellent program for the. occasion.Interesting addresses were given byProf. B. M. Roberts, of Little Rusk,Mr. C. H. Dietritch, of Winchester,Prof. T. R. Bryant, of State University. Prof. R'. G. Stott, of EasternKentucky State Normal Schcol, andSupt. R. D. Squires, uf CarlisleThe first address of the afternoonsesison was by Mrs John Little, ofLouisville, on School Suffrage forWomenHer address was followed by Prof S.McKenzie, of State University, andHon. T. W. Vinson, of Frankfort.At 12:30 a dinner was snrved by themembers of the Bourbon CountySchool Improvement League to fullythree hundred and fifty visitors, inthe basement of fhe courthouse.Among the distinguished visitorsfrom a distance were Mrs, Nannie G.Faulconer, superintendent of Fayettecounty schools; Misses McCubbing,Lexington; Miss Yancey, Maysville,county superintendent of Mason, andSupt. Barkley, of Harrison county.Before beginning his address proner,Mr. Vinson spoke of the State Educational Association, which is to beheld in Louisville this year, and announced that among other noted speakers who had been engaged for the occasion, were Prof, Gunsauius ofChicago, and also the president ofLeland Stanford University in California.:2 A SALEf!WHITEComprising WhiteGoodsWashJMuslinUnderwclndOther LiliesKaufman, Straus & Co,WOLF, WILE & COMPANY, SuccessorsEvery announcement this firm makes through thecolumns of the Newspapers contains a distinct and important message to the prudent and economical purchaser ofMerchandise from this establishment. The goods offeredare of interest for one reason or another, either it is theprice, or the exceptional quality or both. The prices areno doubt in most cases the attraction, backed up by sterlingqualities for which this firm and its predecessors haveacquired standing among all classes of Lexington's population and those of our surrounding country. We may add,that these goods offered here, are not bought for specialsale purposes, but are our regular carried high-class qualityof merchandise. No seconds, no refused styles or hardstock.Jfaufmarij utraua & Co.,Wolf, Wile & Company Successors.LEXINGTON, KY.Stricken With Paralysis.As a result of a stroke of paralysiswhich she suffered while in Lexingtonyesterday Mrs. Georgia Wright, ofthis city, is at the Sfc. Joseph Hospitalin that city in a critical condition.Her entire left side was affected bythe stroke.Mrs. Wright, who is aged about 74years, has been at the home of hernephew, Mr. Newton Mitchell for tnepast few weeks, went to Lexingtonyesterday morning on the 9 o'clockinterurban car. Apparently she wasenjoying the best of health. She wasstricken -while walking along Mainstreet at about 11 o'clock and wasrushed to the St. Joseph Hospital.Mr. Ne.vtcn Mitchell offireat Attractions at LexingtonOpera House."THE SLIM PRINCESS."Elsie Janis. the brilliant little musical comedy star, will come to the Lexington Opera House Monday, February28, presenting her latest musical .success, "The Slim Princess." There areeightj people in the company and aspecial augmented orchestra and amagnificent production. Miss Janis isalways a great favorite with theatregoers, and her engagement will undoubtedly be a brilliant success. Shewill be supported by Mr. Jos. Cawthorn, and practically the same brilliant company as ran for nearly a yearat the Globe Theatre in New York.MAUDE ADAMS.Maude Adams comes to the Lexington Opera House Thursday, February29, in her magnificent production of"Chanticler." The company numbersa hundred people and is a magnificentproduction.city received a telephone messageabout 11 :30 o'clock, tellinghim of herserious condition and he hurried to herbedside. Mr. Mitchell returned toParis at 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon"THE SPRING MAID""The Spring Maid," tne newest ofViennesse Operettas from which harmonious ripples have spread throughout the country since its music andmerriment were first heard in NewYork last year. This production comesto the Lexington Opera House Fridayand Saturday and Saturday matinee,tnis March first and second The new firmIn Squire Fretwelrs court yesterdav 1 and reoorts the condition of his auntmorning Plawkins was fined 820 and as being critical. Her daughter, Misscosts. : Annie Wright, is at her bedside.of Werba & Leuscher are assuring aperformance of brililance For theprima donna rols they have brought tothis country, Mizzi Hajos, the fascinating Hungarian, who created thepart in Vienna. The great Spring MaidOrchestra, which palys a large part,will be a component production together with the magnificent production.All orders sent for seats accompanied by remittance will receiveprompt attention.MATRIMONIAL.Miss Alice Huff, of Carlisle, andMr. Adolphus Mastin, of Bourbon,formerly jailer of Nicholas county,were united in marriage in CarlisleFriday. The groom is a prosperousfarmer of this county. It is the secondmatrimonial venture for the bride andthe third for the groom. They will reSside in this county.Friends and relatives, in Paris arein receipt of the following invitation:Mr. and Mrs. Leopold Straussrequest the honor of your presenceat the marriage of their daughterHazeltoMr. Harry Saloshinon Sunday evening. February twentyfifth at half-after six o'clock.1506 Lincoln Ave,, East Walnut HillsCincinnati, Ohio.County Clerk Pearce Paton issueda m&rriage license Saturday to Mr.Kirby Hunt and Miss Ethe! Lyons andMr. James Vickers and Miss PearlRichey.BIRTHS.KingBorn to the wife of Mr.Griffith, a daughter, first born.Born, to the wife of D. S. Parrish,near Austerlitz, a daughter.Born, in this city, to the wife ofDan Sullivan, a daughter.Born, Friday to the wife of HoraceSprake, a daughter. Lucy "Hart.Born, Friday to the wife of Richard Welling, nee Hernkamp. a son.A I . A 1 Iirat oeing Kennev.i, -,m - I Mb. PAHS liKArMU 1WEDNBSD AY,Jill21.NOT A RURAL; PLAYIITHEHENRY B. HARRIS PresentsCOUNTRYBOY!A Rip Roaring Comedy of City Life PRICES: $1.50, $1, 75c, 35c, 25cTHE, BOURBON NEWS, PARIS; KENTUCKY, FEB. 20, I9l2m BOURBON NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGJowl and Greens.Country hog jowl and kale greens.Phone us your order.J2t SAUER.Sells Lexington Property.Mr. William Schrote, of this citysaid Thursday to Mr. Jos. Shyrock. anoue and lot in Lexincton for $2,500.i he property is located on Kentucky.venue.Bock Seer.Pabst celebrated Milwaukee Bockleer on tap. Also in bottles atCrutis',.ear L. & N. depot.For Sale.Up to date National Gash Regitser..ill sell cheap for cash. Inquire atsews office.Buys Interest in Coal Mine.Mr. R. L. Thomas, of Lexington,: irraerly of this city, has purchased a:a!f interest in the Big Hill Coal minePineville. t The office ,of the firm.ill be in Leixngton. The mine has acapacity of 500 toos per day.Saves GneHalr.Save onehalf your clover seed andinsure a stand. See the clover seediril! on sale by Yerkes & Prichard. it-w ill do it. 9 8tImmense Line New Wall Paser.Call at my store and pick from thearge new spring stock of wall paperjust what you need and have it put onnow and avoid the spring rush. Expertdecorators ready to do your bidding.JT. HINTON.Treadway Sale.Harris & Speakes report the sale ofstock, crop and farm implements, theproperty of W. P. Treadway, on theGreenwich pike, Friday, as follows :Mules brought from 150 to $187.50;horses $75 to $110; cows, $40;shep $3to $3.60; 1 brod sow, $10; 18 smallshoats, $2.50 each; geese, $1 each;corn, $4.10 per barrel. Farming implements and household furniture broughtgood pricts.For Sale Cheap.One "Leer System" file. Incondition. Will sell cheap forApply at News office.goodcash,tfAuction.Attend the auction in the old Baptist church building Saturday afternoon, February 24, 1912, at 2 o'clock.Great bargains in furniture, gasolinestoves, washing machines, clothing,phoes, hats, and many other things toonumerous to mention.HARRIS & SPEAKES.We Announcethe readiness of our MerchantTailoring Department to take ordersfor spring and summer. We have, weconsider, the most complete stock offoreign faurics we have ever shownand invite you to availyourself of anearly selection of what you may require. By doing this you are assuredchoice of our stock, also the advantage of the highest class of woikmanEhip in your garments, which we canjive them now better than during therush of miriseason. Come in and makeyour selection now.J. W. D A VIS & CO.Injured by Fall from Wagon.As the result of a fall from a wagonlead of hay Mr. VV. H. Wood, a wellknown farmer and stockman, residingon the Hume & Bedford pike, sustained severe injuries Friday morning.Mr. Wood, and his son-in-law, Mr.Penn, were at work in the barn andafter loading the wagon Mr. Pennclimbed from the loft. At the side ofthe wazon he found Mr. Wood in anunconscious condition. The injured :man was carried to his home and Dr. IF.ttf . Varies summoned. His injuries,which consisted of a dangerous con- jcussion end several bruises, received iattention. For a time Mr. Wocd was ji. n conscious and suffered considerablebut is now improving lapidly.Suitable Locations.There is not a foot of waste groundon any of tracts in Rassenfoss subdivision on Eighth street and Georgetown pike, which will be sold Feb. 21,1912. Co cut and see fcr yourself,'iood elevation, natural drainage, beside that a complete view of Paris andsurroundings can be had on everyoneof the tracts on Georgpown pike.Dnn't forget Wednesday, February 21,2112, that is the dale or the sale.Lace Curtain Bargains.To close out our lace curtains in one,two and three pair lots they are nowon sale. Remarkable lowness of prices.Silk tapestry, muslin ar.d curtains ofevery description go in this rale. Beon hand early.J. T. HINTON.Confederate Chapter Meets, jThH Richard Hawes Chapter, United iDaughters of the Confederacy, met attheir rooms in tie court house Fridayafternoon. The meeting was presidedover hv the President. Mrs. W. G. Talbott. who gave a review of the pepjlar books and made a distribution ofthe tickets to be sold fui the Skoy-,iraard concert which will be given inthe High School Auditorium, Fridaytvening, February 27. It was the defire of the chapter to give publicity tothe fact that this would be the last;year in which crosses of honor will bebestowed upon the Confederate Veterans. Mrs. W. G. Taibott and Mrs. O.P. Carter were the hostesses for thecccaston, snd cnoccHte and waferswere served the members of the chap-,ter and the Hamilton Guards.Field Seeds.We are headq Tarters for timothy,rlovsr and alsike seeds, bee is betprbuying. Both phones 14 .IS At. .CHAS. S. BRENT & BR.O. ,7PERSONAL MENTION.Miss Belle Horton is visitingfriends in Cincinnati.Miss Hattie Day is visiting friendsand relatives in Lexinorton.-Mr. J. S. Wilson has returned froma buisness trip to Oklahoma.' Mrs. 'Custis Talbott, who has beenquite ill, is recovering rapidly.Mrs.Kisar Smith has returned froma visit to relatives in Cynthiana.Mrs. S. M. Wilmoth is seriouslyill at her home on Houston avenue.Mrs. Thornwell Tadluck is suffering from a severe attack of grippe.Mrs. Wade Whitley and baby areguest of Mrs. Albert Bryant m Lexington. Rev. J. L. Clark, President ofKentucky Weslsyan College, was avisitor in Paris Friday..Mrs. Clarke Barnett is in Louisville with her father, Prof. C. L.Martin, who is quite ill.Mr. Wade Whitley, of Paris, attended the Pi Kappa Alpha banquet atLexington Saturday night.Mrs. J. L. Gregory, who has "beenon a business trip to Montgomerycounty, has returned home.Mrs. John Brennan has been confined to her room for several weeksfrom the effects of the grippe.Mrs. Bettie Mcllvaine has returned home after a visit to her son, Mr.Miller Mcllvaine, in St. Louis, Mo.Miss Pauline Wollstein has returned to her home in Harrodsburg aftera visit to her aunt, Mrs. L. Wollstein,in this city.Miss Anna Eads Peed left b'ridayfor a visit to Mises Florence Ncoe atBurgin and Miss Katherine Murphy,at McKjancy.Mr. and Mrs. John Davis, of thiscity, were guests of Mr. and Mrs. YV.I. Goodwin, in Lexington for the geiman Friday night.Mr. William Howard Powers, ofFlint, Mich., was the guest Sunday ofhis grandmother, Mrs. Bettie L.Howard, in this city.Miss Katherine Withers, of Lexington, whs has been the guest of MissKatherine Davis, has returned to harhome in Lexington.Mrs. W C. Ferguson, of Bourbon,was among the guests at a euchre giren by Mrs. Thos. E. Trimmell inGeorgetown Friday afternoon.Mrs. Frank Wright and childrenreturned to their home in Winchesteryesterday after a visit of several daysto her mother, Mrs. Mollie Lair.rMr, H. H. Hancock and familylaft yesterday for a southern tripTney will spend about two week inFlorida and other Southern points.Misses Katherine Nelson andSa a'l Goodloe Benton, of Winchester,will be the guests of Mr. and Mrs.Withers Davis this week and will attend the cotillon Thursday night.State Councilor J. D. Hunter, whoorganized and instituted a Council of.the Junior Order United AmericanMechanics in this city Saturday night, Ireturned yesteraay to ins nome inCannel City.Mrs. John Woodford, who has been 1under tieatment at the St. Joseph Hospital in Lexington for seveal weeks,underwent an operation at the tinstitu-ition Saturday and is reported to be ina very serious condition.The cotillon to be given by the iBourbon German Club on Thursday at iElks Hall isjbeing looked forward towith much interest. Quite a numberj of out-of-town visitors are expected tobe present, ibaxton will furnish themusic.Police Court.Anna May Evans, Tcolored, was inPolice Court yesterday morning on acharge of disorderly conduct andpleading guilty to the charge was assessed a fine of $17.50. The womanwas arraigned on a charge of cuttingwith intent to kill and her bond wasfixed at S500 in default of which shewas remanded to jail to await her examination which is "Set for Thursday.The woman was arrested Saturdaynight, by Chief of Police J. C. Elgiti,and while in custody attempted to usea knife upon the officer.Harry Coleman, of Falmouth, fordrunkenness was fined $12.50.Installs Feeding Machine.Mr. B. R. Dickerson has instaljed atthe grass seed cleaning plant of Ji. F.Spears & Sons, a gras3 seed feeder, thefirst of the kind ever used in a seedcleaning plant. Mr. Dickerson designpd and canstrccted the feeder, whichis said to work to perfection. Thematter of getting men to feed theJ cleaning machine in recent years hasj become a serieus problem and theI machine was designed to taks their, places. Mr. Dickerson will not havej the machine patented, owing to the! fact there are only about half a dozen! grass seed cleaning plants in thej world. :Shown For the First Time Toj morrow.j What's what in hats will be shownright here tomorrow, its the openingday for Knox hats. We want you tosee them. Extra Quality Knox Hats,V' J. W. DAVIS & CO.J. Ed. Doyle Entertains.J. Ed. Doyle, a member of Company1 from Paris, which saw service duringthe Spanish-American War, entertainpd a few of his natriotic comradeswith a theatre party at the Comet ;mi - i - i. j.... Pi- 4- ... : t- :ineatre ytjateruay aiieiiiuuii iu witness the feature attraction, "TheMystery of the Maine."Lost Valuable Earring.While in Lexington Sunday after-',noon, Mis. Louis Mussinon, of this,city, lost a handsome 600 earring. :Mr. and Mrs. Musisnon went to Lex-iington in their automobile drove aboutthe town, went to the Colonial Theatre .and walked about the street for atime. Before returning home Mrs.Muisnon missed the valuable, jewel 'and has no idea as to where or when it jwas lost The. stone is a beautiful oneand-Mrs. Mussinon has offered a hand-jsome reward for its return. .1ContractsISWork upon the Colonial Theatre atthe corner of Fifth arid Main streetwill begin this morning, the ColonialAmusement Company having awardedthe contracts for the improvement of8 uildl.n? whlTh Is t0beiS n amoving picture theatre to the following: Carpenter work, H. L. Minter;steel ceiling, iron, copper and booth,January & Connell; painting and glazing, S. E. Borland ; stone work andexcavating, Woods Bros. ; brick work,George Ueterman; lumber and millwork, Stivers Lumber Company.Work on the improvements will bepushed to an early completion and itis the object of the company to havethe theatre ready for opening betweenthe middle and laBt of April. .The Sale.of Rassenfoss new subdivision onEighth street and Georgetown pikewjll be held Wednesday, February 21,1912, at ten o'clock a. m. Eervthmgsold guaranteed to be just as represented, every foot of ground sold willbe delivered and title to same guaranteed. Look for terms on sale bill.A Cure for Hog Cholera.If your hogs are sick come in andget Laughlin's Cholera Cure, and curethem. The "best farmers in Bourboncounty will tell you it cures. For saleonly byCHAS. E. "BUTLER & CO.,Druggists.20 tf Opp. Court House, Paris.A New Departure.The demands of modern businessconditions are bringing into moregeneral use the Trust Company to actin certain capacities that demand continual and uninterrupted service,ample capacity and thoroughness ofbusiness methods.In pursuance of this demand and tomore amply serve the needs of thiscommunity and Bourbon Bank andTrust Company, of this city, ha3 addeda trust department to their alreadylarge and successful banking business.Their charter recently amendedauthorizes them to act in all capacitiesusual to the Trust Company sucn asExecutor and Administrator of Estatesand as Trustee or guardian also otherFiduciary capacities.This bank has a record of twenty-fiveyears of uninterrupted business successand having a board nf directors consisting of trained buisness men ofwide experience and competent officerswhich with their ample resourcesmakes the Bank and Trust Companyeminently fitted to supply the need ofa Trust Company in this community.Elegant line of pictures, underglass a yard of. roses regular98e at 59c.Wash Ptags, large size, twoj?i-Uioc.Clothes Pins, extra large size,2 doz for 5c.Spring Clothes Pins, worth lCca dozen, 3 dozen for 10c.36-hour49c.Alarm Clocks, eachVarnished .hard-woodracks, 2 for 5c.coatimmmmmmmmmmm m w safe, m tt st. m s mMM&mm:.f THE HOME OUTFITTER. :MEL SKOVaMRD, 7 i I ' ! 7The Celebrated Danish Violinist, m jat the Paris City School $k ' ii ' 'Auditorium, H ' . f flgTUESDAY NIGHT, PERUSRY 27, Z . Ji : . t :: - SAT 8 O'CLOCK. ".'! " j SFor Benefit of Educational Fund of Hj - ... I - I HRichard Hawes Chapter, Daughters of j 1 'the Confederacy. JNtk MMPrice of Admission, - - 50 Gents, f 4 , WTickets on sale at Mitchell & Blake- M ' , IW, " - Mra 8 , itffpmiAi ;Ten tons of baM timothy hoy. 4 ! . fSWlIPl fee. p. clay. jr. i ifwiHlr gkmmWiSmw ml i mmmmms lFOR SALE. If -- ifiispiHSift 1 , IOne Bo(, K-ran?e JM ' V "fMore's Air Tight Heater for sale . 7? kcheap for the cash. Apply at News i $g . Woffice. . 20 3t ! ' v 4l:4i4'-V- 'jSpS : 2' - s3 &laPfilSjl imTUT V k 1 1 1 1 :siSB fOn Friday Next j 1 i : ' ' 'Beautiful pattern Wall Paper rmm 05 ' ' - 'faat 3c a roll. . . I "3 a13 mm Arm rfSk L3I ma ca mwm mmm . KiTHEPAIRnnaiucui a irrtinn i mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm-m mmm. mmm. -mmmm.K.im.J.d ... I -A. .bm. -mm. mm m. mm -mm, mm mm -In the old Baptist church buildingSaturday afternoon, February 24, 1912,at 2 o'clock. Furniture, gasoline andoil stnve&, washing machines, clothing,hats, boots, shoes, stoves, etc.HARRIS & SPEAKES.Mayor Hintcn a Delegate.Gov. James B. McCreary has announced the appointmentof the delegates from Kentucky to attend theNational Drainage Congress whichwill be held in New Orleans April 10to 15 The delegatoin will be composed of the Mayors of the largestcities in the State. Mayor J. T.Kinton, of Paris, has bep.n selected asa member of the delegation.The ideal instrumentfor the homeThe Victor-Victrola is the mostperfect and most satisfactory of allmusical instruments for the home.It combines all musical instrumentsand the perfect human voice, andsupplies in unlimited variety thefinest music in the world, sung andplayed by the most famous artists.There is no reason why youshouldn't possess a Victor-Victrola.Come in and we'll tell you how youcan pay for it on easy terms.W Victor-Victrola XIV, $150M Other styles Victor-Victrola $ (5 to $250 HW Victors $10 to $100im Dcujherty Bros., MWHAT BLANKETSI have left at cost, and I have not many. Among theseare some EXTRA GOOD All-Wool. 1 also offering.COMFORTS at greatly reduced prices.KXS3Z3i vbv mm mm mm mw mm HH M WmISpring Novelties.Wehave ready for your inspection the followingnovelties jn their severel lines that are moving rapidly, and why not you have some of them?White wash Bedford Cords and Piques.White Cotton Voiles in checks, stripes, 'etc.White and Colored Embroidered Mulls and Crepes.Tissue Voiles, colors in novelty patterns.Domestic and Foreign Ginghams.Surah Jacquards.Bordered Mulls.Embroidered Laces, White Goods, &e.Come let us show you.ALWAYS THE NU.W. EdAgent Butterwick PatternsI Fee's Cash Specials,!Friday and SaturdayILarge 26-oz. jarsPicklesOld-FashiorTBlaekberry Jam, per lb. . . 1 2 1 -2c16 lbs. Granulated8 bars Lenox Soapi .-t nnvoo lx l'rrn srai-nn bTuckerSweetMixed and Sour25cSugar.$1.0025cmiitsTHE BOURBON. NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB. 20 1912.Bad Spells" I suffered, during girlhood, from womanly weakness,"writes Mrs. Mollie Navy, of Walnut, N. C. "At last, I wasalmost bed-ridden, and had to give up. We had threedoctors. All the time, I was getting worse. I had badspells, that lasted from 7 to 28 days. In one week, after Igave Cardui a trial, I could eat, sleep, and joke, as well asanybody. In 8 weeks, I was well. I had been an invalidfor 5 weary years ! Cardui relieved me, when everything,else failed."TAKELARDTheIf , you are weak and ailing, think what it would mean,to you, to recover as quickly as Mrs. Navy did. For morethan 50 years, this purely vegetable, tonic remedy, for women,has been used by thousands of weak and ailing sufferers.They found it of real 1 value in relieving their aches andpains. Why suffer longer? A remedy that has relievedand helped so many, is ready, at the nearest drug store, foruse, at once, by you. Try it, today.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept., Chattanooga Medicine Co., Chattanooga, Tenn.,for Special Instructions, and 64-page book, " Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 57Low Round TripRATES.Homeseekers' FaresTo points 'in f Arizona, V Arkansas,Louisana, i Missouri, New Mexico,Oklahoma,' Texas, Kansas, Nebraska,Montana, Michigan, Wisconsin, Alabama, Florida and Mississippi. Tickets on sale first and third Tuesdays ofeach month with final return limit 25days from date of sale except to destinations in Florida, final limit will he12 days from date of sale. Liberalstopovers allowed in homeseeker territory. We also have on sale daily untilApril 30, 1912, with final return limitsMay 31, 1912 Winter Tourist tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida. Georgia,Louisana, New Meixco and Texas,with liberal stopovers allowed.For further information, call on orivriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.pf saw7e tell yon now, and pay best marketprices. We arc dealers; establishedia lyr,c; and c2.11 do BC r TI5R for youthan agents or commission merchants. References any bank in Louisville. Write for weekly price list.M. SAEJEL &, SONS227-29-31 &33 E. Market St., LOUISVILLE, KY.Dealers in FUSS, HIDES, WOOL.FOR SALE PRIVATELY.Eight room frame residence and lotfronting seventy feet and ten incheson Higgins avenue, and two hundredand eight feet deep ; bath room, newroof, gas leading to house; large garden and good cistern.WM. A. GRIMES,E. T. phone 45 or 364.23 tf Paris, Ky.TWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentWe Arc Showing for Fall and Winter StrictlyAH-Wool Worsted, Hand-TailoredSuits at $10.00Handsome ,new Brown and Grey Worsteds and Cassimeresin the newest models, hand-tailored Suits, worth easily $20,our Special $15.Overcoats in. evcy new cut and weave, prices range from7.50, $10, $12.50, 15, 18 and 20.We have taken the sale agency for the celebrated EmersonShoe, Brockton, Mass. This is the classiest 4 and $5 men'sShoe madeAlso the French Shrine hand-made Shoes at 54.The reliable Douglas Shoes $2.50, $3, 3.50.Those rough, fuzzy hairy Hats, 2, 2.50, 3.Full line of Hawes Van Gal 3 Shoes.Monarch and Lair best $1 Shirts made.Chutt's 1.50 and $2 Shirts, new patterns.Lion Brand slip-easy Collars, 2 for 25c.Full line of Trunks, Suit Cases and Hand-bags.L. WOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.Active Campaign ior TenYearPool.By direction of President ClarenceLebus, of the Burley Tobacco Societj,letters were mailed Wednesday to thechairmen of all the counties of theburley belt instructing them that anactive soliciting committee, composedof from three to five good men, be putto work in every county Monday making a house to house canvass for theten-year pooling plan.The purpose is to cover the districtas thoroughly as possible before March1 and secure the signatures of as manygrowers as possible to the pooling'pledge.These cpmmittees are to report eachday direct to the headquarters of the society in this city, so that the societyofficials may be correctly advised ofthe situation and give any advice orassistance that ay be necessary.The Trials of a Traveler."I am a traveling salesman," writesE.E. Youngs, E.Berkshire, Vt., "andwas often troubled with constipationand indigestion till T began to use Er.King's New Life Pills, which I havefound an, excellent remedy." For allstomach, liver or kidney troubles theyare unequaled. Only 25 cents atOberdorfer's.Signs Proclamation.In signing the proclamation admitting Arizona to the Union WednesdayPreisdent Taft added the forty-eighthstar to the flag and brought within thesisterhood of States the last bit ofterritory within the confines of Continental United States.Special Clubbing Rate for 60Days.By special arrangement the News isenaDled to furnish the most attractiveclubbing rate ever put before the public. For the next 60 days we will offerthe Daily Chicago Exaimner, recognized as one of the foremost journals ofthe United States in connection withthe Bourbon News, for one year for$3.75. This is a great opportunity tosecure both papers at a great reduction. All subscriptions should be sentto the News. tfNarrow Escape.Ullman Lancaster, son of Mr. C. J.Lancaster, and formerly of this city,had a very narrow escape from deathlast week. Mr. Lancaster has chargeof a portion of the Louisville andNashville telephone system and is located at Middlesboro, He was riding arailroad velocipede near that city andwhen rounding a sharp curve a freighttrain came in sitjht. At this point therewas a steep embankment and going ata high rate of speed down grade Mr.Lancaster realized that he had no timeto stop. When within a few feet ofthe locomotive he jumped and rolleddown the embankment, sustaining fewslight bruises. The machine he wasriding was demolished.Flying Men Fallvictims to stomach, liver and kidne3rtroubles just like other people withlike results in loss of appetite, backache, nervousness, headache nd tiredlistless, rundown feeling. But there'sno need to feel like that as T. DPeebles, Henry, Tenn., proved. "Sixbottles of Electric Bitters, "he writes"did more to give me new strengthand good appetite than all other remedies I used." So they heln otherpeople. Its folly to suffer when thisgreat remedy will help you from thefirst dose. Try it. Only 50 cents atOberdorfer's.Ogden Will Return Home.The Rev. James C. Ogden and family, missionaries in Tibet, who recentlylanded in Califronia after exciting experiences in China, will leave Lios Angeles to make the last lap of theirjoruney homeward March 1, accordingto a letter received by his parents inCarilsie. Arrangements are under wayfoivthe biggest reception ever held inthat city, which will be tendered theRev. Mr. Ogden and family when theyreach their old home. The receptionwill be held uner the auspices of theChristian churches'of Nicholas county.Poker Chips Called Real Money.The supreme court of West Virginia has decided that poker chips arereal money.Are Ever at War.everlastinglyThere are two thingsat war, joy and piles ButBuoklen'sArnica Salve will banish piles in anyform. It soon subdues the- itching,irritation, inflammation or swelling.It gives comfort, invites joy. Greatest healer of burns, boils, ulcers, cuts,bruises, eczema, scalds, pimples, skineruptions. Only 25c at Oberdorfer's.fIIOnly a Day and Night to New OrleansLOUISVILLE AND NASHVILLE RAILROADWhat it Will Cost You to SeeMardiGrasThe Two Big Days, February 19-20,MondayFebruary 19Arrival ofREX2:00 p. m., andProteus Paradeat night.New Orleans$19.80Mobile$17.90Pcnsacola$20.60ROUND TRIP FROM PARISTuesdayFebruary 20Parade ofREXK):00 am., andComus Paradeat night.Tickets on Sale Daily February 13 to 19, inclusive.Sleeping Car Pare $4.00 to $4.5D Each Way.Liberal Stop-Overs-Limit On Tickets March 1 8.TO APPROXIMATE TOTAL COST for the round-trip, estimate for five days board andlodging at 1 per day in best private homes or $2 per day at first-class hotels to whichadd the. above railroad and Pullman fares. For sleeping car reservation applyto any ticket agent Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company.See Descriptive Booklet.Bovrbon Garage & Supply Co.Paris, KentuckyFARMING IMPLEMENTSOF ALL KINDSourbonOarage & Supply Co.Cor, 4th and High Sreets,is, KtuekyMEM CURED AT SMALL COSTDifficult Surgical Operations Performed WithSkill and Success, when Surgery Is NecessaryALL DISEASES OF MEH TOES'OIB E?C& PERMANENT CURErlfcaEoB Positively GuaranteedVARICOCELEtSMsUSRUPTURE caSbRSa-and RESTORATIVE Trealmer.i in Loss of Vital PcwcrHYDROCELE Seldtaest afreVlnforioiLS0S't.ei,vIe "P.bope until you havn seen old Dr.Dolle! Jio will Rive you FBEE a thorough examination, and will tell you tho Tri:tli.Consultation Free and oonildcntial at office orby letter. Tircisty 1'oar' experience. Trainedattendants. Uest of care. (U p. Jiook on Mea'aDiseases Freo, upon receipt of 4 cts. forpoFtasre,Kiving much valuable iui'ormation. Call atIotvitouu ollico or write toDRi 6a L B0LLE ccmtlfiauolIIIiA Good Cause.All the school teachers at Luganohave gone on strike owing to a difference with the educational authorities.With splendid loyalty the little pupilsare standing by the teachers and urging them not to give way. Punch.STILL AT IT!Clearance SaleIn Dry Goods, Cloaks, Suits,Furs and MillineryNow Going On.Come I n Wonderful BargainsIn AH Depart mentsTWIN BROS.Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyIndian Killed on Track.Near Rochelle, 111., an Indian wentto sleep on a railroad track and waskilled by the fast express. He paidfor his carelessness with his life. Often its that way when people neglect coughs and colds. Dr King'sNew Discovery will enre them andso prevent a dangerous throat orlung trouble. "It completely cured'me in a short time of a terriblecounh that followed a severe attackof grip," writes J. R. Watts, Floydada, Tex., "and I regained 15 poundsin weight that I had lost.'' Quick,safe reliable and guaranteed. 5Ucand SI. Trial bottle free ab Oberdorfer's.Ms.111SmmNew Excuse for Husbands.Husbands who spend their eveningshitting the high spots, encounter difficulties in finding the domestic keyholeand hang their boots on the gas fixtures, may now explain that they havebeen afflicted with etheral asphyxia.New York Tribune.The Humorous Sad. 'One of the funniest sad things weknow is to hear a man much theworse s for liquor telling his friendshow good he is to his wife. DetroitFree Press.Professional CardsJ J. WIIililAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Oflice Phones ) fZeltkResidence ) gMi.K. A. t4 KELLER,Practicing Physician,OmeesRooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyNOTICECourier Jo u maFor 1912Strict Law as to Autos.According to Danish laws, automobiles are forbidden to pass trolley caraat a rate faster than one mile an hour.$100 Reward $100.The readers of this 'paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that science hasbeen ableto'cure in all its stages, andthat is Catarrh. Hall's Catairh Cureis the only positive cure now knownto the medical fraternity. Catarrhbeing a constitutional :.isfase requiresa constitutional treatment. Hall'sCatarrh Cnre is taken internaLy, acting directly upon 1 he blood and mucous surfaces of the system, therebydestrqying the f lundatipn of the disease, and giving the patient strengthby building up the constitution andassisting nature in doing its work.The proprietors have so t much faithin its curative powers that they offerOne Hundred Dollars for any casethat it fails to cure. Send for list oftestimonials.Address F. J. CHENEY. & CO.,Toledo, O.V Sold by all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. ' , r -Mary E. Griffith's Exor. - - Plaintiffvs. NoticeHer Legatees, etc. Defendants j"All persons having claims against'the estate of Mary E. Griffith, deceas- Ied, are hereby notified and directed to ipresent them, proven as is required bylaw to the undersigned Special Commissioner, at his law office in the cityof Paris, Ky., on cr before the firstday of March, 1912; and that theundersigned will be at the abovenamed office from this rdate until thefirst day ef March, 1912 to receive saidclaims.1 c. a. McMillan,Special Commissciner Bourbon CircuitCourt.You can not keep posted on current political events unless youread theCourier-Journal,(Louisville, Ky. Henry Watterson, Editor)This Presidential Year.The Tariff will be the issue andthe battle will be a hard foughtone. You can gatDaily CourierJournaI(Excepting Sunday Issue) and,The Bourbon NewsBoth One Year For $5.00.This offer only holds good untilFebruary 29.To get advantage of this cut rate?orders must be sent us, not theUUUllCl-UUUilltU.The Poolof FlameBy.LOUIS JOSEPH VANCEIllnstrallons by Ellsworth YonngCopyright 1909, by Louis JosephiVance-rcaymoved, yer honor, to a horsepittle ashore, sor, to con-valesce. Atlaste, I'm thinking thot's the wordthe doctor used, sor."O'Rourke pulled at his cigar, regarded regretfully the empty glass before him, and with some visible reluctance put the question that, more thanadght else, he had wished to put eversince he had eaten."And Mrs. Prynne?""Aw, yer honor!""What's the matter, Danny?""Sure, sor, and axin' yer pardon forspakin' so, and manin' no manner ofdisrayspict whatsoever ""What the divvle, Danny!"Danny drew himself up with an air,bristling indignation. "Sure, and 'tismeself never seen the loike av thiinwimmin for rank ingratichude, sor.And afther all thot meself had saidto thot black-eyed Frinch vixen ""Danny!""No, sor, not wan word av ut willI widdror, not if yer honor dischargesme wid me usual month's notice, sor,this minute. Faix, didn't I see? Nomore and the anchor was down, sor,and yersilf did to the worrld in yerberth, sor, thin thim two does be afterhailin' a boat and intendin' to goashore, widout so much as a fare-ye-well,and me meanin' the most honorable intintions in the world towardthe maid ""Have your intentions ever beenaught else toward any woman ye everwon a smile from, spalpeen?""Aw, now, yer honor ""Get on with your story. Whatabout Mrs. Prynne?" demandedO'Rourke, eyeing his servant curiouslyand trying to fathom his but half-disguisedand wholly awkward air of selfesteem. Plainly the boy thoughthighly of himself because of something he had accomplished, some exploit of prowess or stroke of diplomacy as yet undisclosed."Yissor. ... I was tellin' ye itseemed to me the height of manenessshe was displaying ma'nin' this sameMrs. Prynne, whin 'twas mesilf knew,none bettlier, how much ye've laidout on her account and hersilf netwaitin' to settle up wid ye ""What business was that of yours?"" 'Twas none, sor. But yersilf hadkeeled over and was did to ivrything,and what am I for if not to look outfor ye at such times? .... SoI'm afther sthoppin' thim two just asthey would be lavin' their staterooms,and sz'I, 'Missus Prynne,' sz'I, 'memasther's compliments and he'd like aworrd wid yees before j'e'ro gone entirely.' " And 'What's this?' sz'she wida fine show of surprise the dayceytful huzzy! though I'm watchin' herand thinkin' she was frightened aboutsomethin', from the white turn av theface av her. Sz'she: "Tis in thedivvle's own hurry I am the minute,'or worrds to the same iffict. Sz'she:'And phwat will he be wantin' av me?''A momint's conversation wid ye,'sz'I. And sz'she: 'I've no time. Letme pass.' Til be doing,' sz'I, 'nawthin'like thot,' for be now I'm thinkin'there's somethin' deeper behint herfluster and flurry thin a mere desireto bilk ye p'rhaps 'twas this thing in-too-ishumI've heard ye mintion. Andthe next minit I'm sure av ut, for shegoes white as snow in the face andthe eyes of her begins to burn likecold grane fire and she screams to Cecile for help and is afther whippingout a gun to blew me out av herway wid; but 'tis mesilf thot's be wayav bein' too quick for her and takin'the pistol away; and be the mercy avthe Saints Misther Dravos hears theshindy and hops down just in time tosnatch another gun out of the hand avthat same Cecile, and he grabs thegurl and turns her into a stateroomand shuts the dure on her and ""And," interrupted O'Rourke in ablack rage, rising and turning back hissleeves "And now I'm going to giveye the father and mother of allthrashings, ye insolent puppy! Howdare ye lay hands n a lady ""Ow, murther!" chattered the boy,leaping away. "Be aisy, yer honor,and hear me out, for 'tis thin ye'll notbe blamin me, but if ye do I'll takethe batin' widout a worrd, sor.""Very well," assented O'Rourke ominously. "But be. quick about it, forI'm mistrustful of ye altogether. Geton, ye whelp!"Danny placed the table betweenthem with considerable expedition."Aw, listhen now," he pleaded. "WhileMisther Dravos was 'tendin' to Cecile,this Missis Prynne was scrappin' likea wildcat, scratching and bitin', and'tis all I can do to kape her by wrap-pin' me arms tighfabout her and holdin' her so. and I'm makin' a grab ather waist whin be accident like whatdo I catch hold av but something un-dernathe as hie as a hin's egg astone she's carryin' round her neck,the same as yer honor did wid thePool as Flame: and fee ,the feel av ulTHEbur.e tio. tae same ana tnot some scuiduggery's lie way av havin been putupon ye.""What the divvle!""Wan momint more. . . . Nowin fightin' wid me the collar av herwaist has come unfastened and meself can see the string av ribbon that'siiuiumg ine imng tnere. So I sez tomesilf, sz'I, 'Tis strange enough to !Dear investigate',' sz'I, 'an' I'll betakin a chanst at this if the mastherdo be afther flayin' me alive. So Icalls Misther Dravos and gets him tohould her fast while I takes out meknife and cuts thot ribbon and pullsthe thing out widout any immodestywhatever; and there on thot ribbon isa chamois-case, all sewed up, and I'mrippin' it open an finding this!""God In Heaven!" cried O'Rourke,stupefied and agape; for Danny, having worked up to his climax, .had dramatically whipped from his pocket andcast upon the table between them thePool of Flame.He looked up, blind to the glee andtriumph in Danny's face."How did ye come be this?" he demanded, speaking slowly and steadily,as one who, having drunk more thanenough, listens to his own enunciationto detect in it the slur that liquorbrings. "I mean I mean how couldye have taken this from the womanwhen it lay all the time at the bottomof the sea six hundred miles andmore behind us?""Ask Misther Dravos if ye do notbeiave me, sor. How would I be bavin' it at all, widout I got it like I'vetold ye? . . . 'Tis the real Pool ofFlame ye're handlin'; that's sure.T'other one the stone the serangflung into the say, sor, was a counterfeit." "How do ye know that?"'Aisly enough, yer honor; be puttin'the maid Cecile on the witness stand.'Twas this way: I tuk the stone fromMissus Prynne and Misther Dravosand mesilf locked her in her cabin.Thin afther talkin' things over we letCecile out and be dint av threats andpersuashions, got her to tell what sheknew.""Go on.""She sez thot Frinchman ye kiltback there in Algiers, sor, is at thebottom av it all, only he's not did because ye didn't make a clane job avut, but lift him wid the laste suspicion av the breath av life in the bodyav him.""I was afraid of that," noddedO'Rourke. "The next time we meet,Des Trebes and I, there'll be no mistake about it.""She sez thot befure he fought widye he'd taken measuremints av thestone and made a wax mould av. ut,"God In Heaven!" Cried O'Rourke.so thot whin he failed to kill yersilfand had got his strength back, he wintto Paris and had an imitashun av utmade there somehow be fusing chapestones together and all thot, I beiave.'Twas ixpinsive an' him tight up formoney, so he takes Missus Prynne into partnership and she puts up thecash. Thin they ve been watchinyersilf all the -time, sor they setsCap'n Hole onto ye to get the stoneaway and he does it like ye know.Afther ye escaped from the Pelican,he goes ashore and mates the ladyat her hotel and daylivers the stoneto her, getting his pay and the imitashun into the bargain, he insistin' ,onthot because he knows ye'll be comin'back for the Pool av Flame, and he'safraid av ye afraid ye'll kill him ifhe can't turn over a ruby to ye likethe wan he stole. So 'twas the fakedstone we tuk from him thot samenight and the same we brought aboardthe Raneeand the same the serangsthole from ye.""I begin to see. But how about theserang? What did Cecile have to sayin explanation of him?""She couldn't account for him atall, sor, save thot mebbe the nativesin Rangoon had somehow got wind avthe fact that the stone was comin'back and a gang av thim set out tostale ut. She sez Missus Prynne niver cud account for the way they discovered she had ut, but they seemedto know pretty certain sure, sor, forye'll recall they niver bothered ye atall at first, and 'twas only be chanst,like, thot the serang got the imitashunfrom ye.""But what about Des Trebes? Didthe maid say?""No more than he'd been lift inParis, sor.""And what 'ev ye done with the twoof them, Mrs. Prynne and the maid?Are they still locked up safely?"Divvle a bit, yer honor. 'Twas impossible to kape them so, Dravos said,wid Missus Prynne threatening to yellbloody murther out av the poort andkick up such a row thot the authorities wud be down on us if we didn'tlet herj:o. ?Besides., we'd got what weBOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB. 20, 1912wanted out av her, and pwhat was tneuse av holdin' her anny longer?""So ye let them go?""Yissor.""I could kill ' ye for it," saidO'Rourke, "and Dravos, too; forthere's a deal of matters I'd like tobe inquiring into with the lady thisblessed minute. But. Dannv boy.there's nothing in the world I can'tforgive ye now, for what ye've donefor me, and 'twill be a strange thingif I don't serve ye handsomely whenI come into a fortune. . . . Nowdon't be standin' there like a ninny,but be off with ye and pack me thingsbefore I lift me hand to ye. 'Tis inhaste we are with Des Trebes aliveand Mrs. Prynne on the loose; andthere'll be no such thing as rest foreither of us until we reach Rangoon."CHAPTER XXVII."Danny ..." said O'Rourkewithout looking up from the occupation which had engrossed his attention for the last three hours; and forthe first time in that period he spokeaudibly, making an end to the mumbled confabulation he had been holding with himself, a Murray's Guide, aBradshaw, an Indian railway guide,several steamship foiders and, a largecolored map of the Indian empire."What day's this day, Danny?"Danny thought laboriously. " 'Twasthis morn' we lift th' Ranee, sor0. . . Thin 'yestiddy was Wednesday." "And today Thursday, v be logicalprogress of reasoning, eh?""Aw, yiss, sor.""And what's the time?"Danny consulted O'Rourke's watchon the bureau. "A quarter av twil've.""Then bestir yourself, ye lazy good-for-nothing,and pack up me things.""Aw!" cried Danny, expostulant."Our train leaves at two. Ye havean hour and a half.""Aw, but yer honor, is ut no rlst atall we'll iver be havin'?""Ye can rest on the train," saidO'Rourke. "I've just ten days left inwhich to reach Rangoon, where I've anappointment to keep with a lady, Danny, to wit, Madame O'Rourke. D'yemind her, and do ye blame me, Danny?" Danny became suddenly extraordinarily busy. "Why did ye not say asmuch to begin with, yer honor?" hecomplained. "As if I wouldn't workme hands to the stumps avthim. . . .""'Tis now Thursday noon," continued O'Rourke thoughtfully. "Thetwo o'clock train's scheduled to landus in Calcutta at ten Saturday night.At eight Sunday morning a steamerleaves Diamond Harbor for Rangoon,scheduled for a fair-weather passageof three days. That'll leave us a little .leeway, barring accidents. Butwe've lo time to waste.""But how'll we be catching thotsteamer at Di'mind Harbor, sor? Howfar's that from Calcutta, now, an' willthere be thrains at that hour av thenight?""That's to be dealt with as it turnsup, Danny. There's only forty milesbetween the two places, and if there'sj no train, we'll charter a motor-car ora boat down the Hughli. . . .The latter expedient O'Rourke finally adopted, although he could have afforded a comfortable night in a hotel at Calcutta, had he deemed it wise.But in the fifty-six hours of unmitigated sweltering that he and Danny endured in their flight across India hehad leisure to think matters over verycarefully, with the result that, allthings considered, he felt justified inassuming the world to be in leagueagainst him and in shaping his courseaccordingly. Therefore it were unwise to permit himself to be seen andrecognized in Calcutta, or even to linger on the soil of India an instantlonger than absolutely necessary.Within an hour, then, of his arrivalat Howrah, he had, by dint of persistence and rupees, succeeded in hiring a launch to take him from the terminus by water to the steamer at Diamond harborCHAPTER XXVII!.At a small hour of the morning theymade Diamond Harbor in pitch darkness and without misadventure weresuccessful in causing themselves to betranshipped, bag and baggage, to thetwinscrew, steamship Poonah, whichvessel rode at anchor in midstream.Toward eight o'clock of the whitehot forenoon that followed, O'Rourke,in the shadow of a long-boat on thePoonah's promenade deck, stood finishing a matutinal cigar and watchingnarrowly a tender ferry out a finalboatload of passengers from the eastern river bank.Slowly the tender forged toward thesteamer's side; and as it drew near,O'Rourke forgot to smoke and bentover the rail to inspect with unremitting interest those upon its decks.The forward deck of the tender heldhis regard but briefly; those whowaited there, eyeing impassively thetowering flanks of the liner, were oneand all of the east, of races, creedsand types too numerous to catalogue.These the adventurer might not read,save individually upon personal contact. If trouble was to come fromthem, collectively or individually, hewould not know until the blow hadfallen. On the other hand, he mightbe able to hazard shrewd surmises asto the "potential animus inherent inany one of the Europeans who wereto be his fellow passengers.The latter were a mere handful;half a dozen commercial travelersfrom London, Paris, Berlin, their avocations evident beyond dispute; a sallow English missionary with his withered wife, sombre figures in the starksunlight, a Ved-faced deputy-sup-som'e-tning-or-other o the Indian government, complacent in white drill andnew pith helmet' with a gay puggaree;a lone English girl, and a Frenchman.The two latter held the Irishman'sattention; the girl because, even at adistance, her slim white-clad figureand well-poised head seemed singularly fresh and attractive; the manbecause well, t because O'Rourke wassusceptible to premonitions.He was a tall man and broad, theFrenchman well-made, well-groomed,carrying himself with an indefinableair of distinction. His face was rather pale (and therefore notable in thatconcourse of dark ..skins), its featuresstrongly modeled, the mouth and chinmasked by a neatly trimmed andpointed beard and mustache.O'Rourke could not have said thathe had ever seen the man before; yetthere was this and that about himwhich struck a spark of reminiscencefrom his memory- A suspicion flashedthrough his mind which he put asidewith disdain, as absurd and far-fetched.On the other hand. . . . Heknit his brows in puzzlement.The very fixity of his regard drewthe eyes of its object upwards. Theyencountered O'Rourke's, lingered briefly in an unveiled, inquiring stare mwhich there was not to be detectedthe least hint of recognition, andpassed onward casually, indifferently,ignoring the impertinence.The tender's passengers began tostumble up the gang-plank to a lowerdeck qf the liner; and O'Rourke, witha sober face, went below, taking somecare to avoid contact with the incoming crowd.He found Danny was in his stateroom, engaged with some details ofrepair to the adventurer's wardrobe.O'Rourke remained for a brief spacestanding in the middle. of the cabin,visibly abstracted. Then abruptlysome whimsical consideration seemedto resolve his dubiety as lightningwill clear sultry, brooding air; a smiledeepened the corners of his mouth,the flicker in his eye merged magicallyinto a twinkle, the shrug of his broadshoulders conveyed an impression ofcasting care to the winds."Danny, lad," he remarked reflect-'ively, throwing himself ungracefullyupon the cushioned transom oppositeto his berth. "Danny, ye wouldn't lieto me, would ye now?""Aw-w!" reproved Danny. '.'Shure,yer honor knows ut isn't in me at all."And to himself; "Phat the divvlenow?""Then tell me, Danny, truthfully;did ye ever see a ghost?""Aw-w!" seeing cause to take thequery as a joke."A ghost that had grown a beardsince it had become a ghost, Danny?""Aw-aw-w!" still willing to beamused, if "himself" chose to be facetious. "Because," continued O'Rourke witha slight frown, "I have, and that netfive minutes since.""Aw?" . ,"Wance I left a man for dead, Danny, with a clean sword-thrust throughthe body of him a misbegotten blackguard he was; but I killed him in fairfight, sword to sword, and no favor. . . . And this bright andbeautiful morning, lo and behold ye!who should come tripping up the gangplank but his ghost, as lively as yeplease, and with a neat new beard!""Aw-w?" incredulously.O'Rourke frowned impatiently. "DesTrebes," he explained."Aw ""Stop it, ye parrot! Stop it, I say!Have ye no word in the dark lexiconof your ignorance other than 'Aw-aw'?Get up, ye omadhaun, and take me respects to the purser and ask himplease will he show ye the passenger-list.".The valet left with circumspect alacrity. Alone, O'Rourke rose and turnedthoughtfully to a revolver that madea conspicuous black spot on the whitecounterpane of the berth, with nervous, strong fingers unlimbering theweapon and taking account of thebrass dials of the cartridges thatnestled snug in its six-chamberedcylinder. The machine was in perfectcondition; O'Rourke snapped thebreech shut and thrust it in his pocket. Then he sat down to think, subconsciously aware from noises without that the tender had swung off andthe anchor was being tripped.Could the resemblance be accidental? It seemed hardly possible. TheDes Trebes he had known had been atype distinct, so clear and aloof fromthe general Frenchman that not eventhe addition of a beard to his physiognomy could have proven a thoroughdisguise. And it seemed reasonableenough to assume that, Mrs. Prynnehaving failed in her undertaking, DesO'Rourke Could Not Have Said ThatHe Had Ever Seen .the Man Before.Trebes would resume- his office as ac-1tive head of their conspiracy. If itwere indeed he whom O'Rourke hadjust seen, there was every chance imaginable that the final chapter in thehistory of the Irishman's connectionwith the Pool of Flame would provean eventful one."Maybe not," admitted O'Rourke,"maybe I deceive meself. But I'mpersuaded I'll do well to keep both meeyes open until the day I'm rid of thedamned thing!"At this juncture Danny's knock tookhim to the door. "Mongsere Raoul doHyeres," announced the valet breathlessly: " 'tis thot the purser says hi3name is, yer honour.""Yes," assented O'Rourke dubiously. "But perhaps the purser's mistaken misinformed."CHAPTER XXIX.As time went on, however, if his uneasiness were not sensibly diminished, nothing happened, the voyageproving entirely uneventful; andO'Rourke was forced to the conclusionthat, if Monsieur de Hyeres were really the VIcomte des TreTies, he wasstrangely content to play a waitinggame.The Irishman, however, had knownstranger things than that one manshould seem the counterpart of another. And by nothing more thanthis Questionable accident of resemWAwGENTLEMAN&SHOEOur new Fall line in all leathersPatent Colt, Russia Calf and GunMetal, now ready for inspection.Geo. IVl'Willarris,EBBL. . NIN EFFECT JA2T 14,Trains ArriveFROMSo.34134297104037Atlanta, Ga.. Daily v 5.21 amLexington, Ky., Daily . 4.34amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 ainMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 amCincinnati, O., DEily 9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 amLexington, Ky,, Daily 10:15 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pmKnoxville,Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily 5.25 pmCincinnati, O , Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6,03 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.03 amJacksonville, Fla., Daily 6 05 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 10.45 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pm31233262593838539308321431Trains 3D e -partSo. TO34 Cincinnati. O., Daily ; 5.28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35' am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily' Except Sunday 8.20 am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .. . .8.20 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily ..9.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.24 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily : 10.27 am6 Maysville, K., Daily 12.05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.04 am25 Jexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.34 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.4o pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.52 pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.57 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.10 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.15 pm13 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6.15 Dm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.25 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.55 pm13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57 pm' . . IN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3, 1911.' ' v Trains Arrive -No. F.tOM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sun.ia .8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky. , Daily Except Su i 'iy .j.40 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily E pt Sunday 5.50 pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday ..10.00 pmTrains Depart161 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunda 'y. ; 7.10 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily E , pfc Sunday. . t . . ...... .7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky, Daily Except Svu......;.... ...9.53am,,3 Frankfort, Ky;f Daily Except j?vaay; : . v;:6-?'mblance did De Hyeres give him reaiwinlto believe him anything but what becliamed to be. The man's demeanrwas consistently discreet and selfcontained; he moved about the skip!openly and without any apparent attempt to pry upon the doings of thadventurer, whom he fell into thieasy ship-board way of greeting amiably but coolly. Only in one instance!indeed, did they exchange more thanbut courteous salutations, and then!De Hyeres himself seemed 4to sees:the interview, approaching O'Rourkedirectly.This was at night, when O'Rourkeoccupied a chair on the leeward sideof the saloon deck, consuming a meditative after-dinner cigar. De Hyere.stepped out of the companionwayvglanced swiftly this way and that, andsauntered toward the Irishman with,an unlighted cigarette held conspicuously between his fingers.f Continued in our NextFOR RENT.I have for rent or will lease for aterm of years the best livery and salebarn in Paris, Kentcuky. Situatedcorner Second and Main streets, opporsite Windsor Hotl, pos3eession givenJan. I, 1912. E. T.P hone 198.J. H. BUTLER.12 tf Paris. Ky.For 33 yearsNettleton Shoeshave stood for trueeconomy to the manof moderate means;and to the man ofwealth, the best thatmoney could buy. Weare sole agents forParis.TAEBL1911. AT 11:39 P. M.Tit's the same entirely.; jjmd thin I'mTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB., 20 1912"1NOTABLE SOCIAL EVENTDon't Be Afraid To EatNew Medicine Called Digestit Found to Be Certain Relief For Indagestion and Stomach Disorder It Digests FoodThat Stomachs Cannot.Mr. and Mrs. Thos. McClintockCelebrate Golden WeddingAnniversary Saturday.ILASTWeekOF THEFACTORYGreater than our most sanguineexpectations has been the disposalof the large shipments of theManufacturers' over - productionsof Shoes and Rubbers.1 11 jF)v) 1The balance of this great stockwill be thrown on sale at prices solow that every pair will find newowners at once.To make this sale more interestingwe are placing on sale 300$4 Walk-OversPatent Leather Shoes atCome Early and Get First Choice,as this Stock is Limited.DAN COHEIN,336 Main St.,. Paris, Ky.THREE HUNDRED RESPONDNicely Arranged Social HappilyCarried Out Other Mil7lersburg News.Base Ball Notes.LU8 StOCKuoiaers m uic ihv,uiuuUUbase ball club held a meeting Thursday night and elected officers for thecoming .season. A large crowd waspresent and much enthusiasm manifested. Ed Blanton was elected President and R. G. Stockton was chosen assecretary and treasurer. A leffo? tswill be made to give Richmond a win, 'nlog team this year. Negotiations aresow on ior.a manager.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfGo to Buck's.For a nice-bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclass barbers. - &13 tfOne of the most notable social eventsas well as the most enjoyable was thecelebration of the fiftieth anniversaryof the marriage of Mr.an- Mrs. ThomasMcClintock at their beautiful homehere Saturday afternoon from 2:30 to4 :30.The beautiful home was in the handsof the decorators for three days priorto the event The entertainment in allof its parts had been nicely arrangsdand as nicely carried out. The onlything that was feared might mar theoccasion was the unsettled condition ofthe weather at this season tf the ye2r.This doubt however was dispelled Saturday morning when the &un in all herbeauty emerged from a clear sky.More than four hundred invitationshad been issued to which nearly threenundred responded. A .-u rebel' weresent to frkrids ynd relatives in distantstates who could not respond in person. The only regret of the occasionwas that Miss Anna James McClintock, the second daughter of Mr. andMrs. McClintcck. who is one of the instructors at Lalce forest University,Lake Forest, Ilk, on account of herduties, was unable to be present.Aside from this the occaison was adecided success.The guests entered f-om the side entrarce, the home was darkened andsoftly illuminated with yellow waxtapers, yellow and white being the color scheme, which was nicely carriedout. The decorations consisted of yellow and white chrysanthemums, roses,ferns, white tarlton, white and yellow crepe paper. As the guests werereceived they were sent upstairs wheretheir wraps were taken. On returningto the first tioor they were ushered into the presence of the receiving lineby the youngest daughter, Miss RuthShannon McClintock, which was madeup of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas McClintock. Mrs. McClintock was handsomely gowned in silver gray silk with reallace.The three daughters, Mrs. TurnerPerry, Owingsville, in blue silk, Mrs.C. R. Jnne3 in lavender silk and MissRuth McClintock, in ydlow silk Inthe reception room the Saxon & Troatorchestra of Lexington, renderedsweet music during the entire timewhich gave the whole scene a fairylike appearance. The beautiful handpainted register was in charge of Mesdanies C. R. Jones and C. W. Howard.After registering the guests wendedtheir way to the dining room. At thedoor they received their souvenirswhich were tiny slippers for thegentlemen and gold 'bells for -theladies.The floor of thn dining room wasentirely covered with rfhite. Thebride's table which occupied thecenter of the room, was decorated inwhite, with yellow roses, candles andtiny slippers and seemed to be restingupon a bower of ferns. The refreshments consisted of brick cream andsake upon which was printed 1862-1912.There was a continuous flow of guestsfrom the time the entertainment opened until it rlo3ed. The occasion wasone that will live in the memory of allpresent. The gifts were numerous andcostly.The following are the number whoassisted in entertaining: MissesMclntyre, Mrs. Romulus Payne, Mr.and Mrs. W. B. Mclntrye, MissesGriffith, Mts. Young, Mr. and Mrs.Bert McClintock, Mr. and Mrs. JulianMcClintock, Mr. and Mrs. W. G. McClintock, Mrs. Mary Hayden, Mrs.Turner Perry, Mr. and Mrs. DavidHood, Mr. and Mrs. R. S. Sandeis,Mrs. S. R. Butler.Mr. and Mrs. McClintock have spenttheir entire life in the Millersburgcommunity and reside within threemiles of where they were born. Mr.McClirjtook was one of ten childrenand the only surviving member of aonce large family. He is a hale heartyand robust man at the age of 73 andhas lived longer than any member ofhis family.Mrs. McClintock was Miss AdaGriffith and was one of a family ofseven children, all of whom are stillliving, and is two years the junior ofher husband. They resided within amile of each other and were united inmarriage on the 17th of February,1862. In a short time after marriagehe began life on a farm now owned byMr. William Wright, and which wasBold a tew years ago to Mr. SamuelBerry by Mr. McClintock. It was inthis home that their five daughtersand three sons were born, all of whomare living with the exception of thesecond born, a daughter, Cora Belle,who died at the age of four. Mr. andMrs. McClintock have been blessedwith good healjth and until recentlyhave known nothing of sickness.Their daughters are graduates of M.F. C. and the sons of the KentuckyWesleypn College, then located atMillersburg. The children are Mrs.Turner Ferry, Owingsville, Mrs. C. R.Jones, Millersburg, Miss Anna JamesMcClintock, and Miss Ruth ShannonMcClintock; Messrs. W. G. McClintock, Paris, Bert and Julian McClintock, Millersburg. They also haveeight living grandchildren. Mr. McClintock has pursued the occupation offarmer until recently and also a dealerin live stock and especially in mules,in which business he is yet active. lieis one of the pioneer mule traders ofKentucky and is quoted as an authorityon mules. He spent conisderable timein his early years on the Southernmarkets. Both Mr. and Mrs. McClintock belong to the historic families ofKentucky and have a large relationship in most every state in the union.The following cut of town guestswere present: Mr. and Mrs. Josephthorn, Dr. and Mrs. I. D. Best, Mr.and Mrs. Will McKee, Mr. and Mrs.Mack Turney, Cypthiana; Mr. W. G.McClintcck and family, Mr. and Mrs.G. S. Varden & Son have been supplied -with the new remedy forstomach trouble called DIGBSTIT.This new medicine has been found tobe a relief for the distressing symptoms of indigestion and dyspepsia.It will digest food in remarkablyshort time' after coming in contactwith it thereby relieving . the full,uncomfortable feeling after a hearrymeal. Surely it will be received withgratitude by the american public, asninety per cent of the people in thiscountry have indigestion. The makers of this remarkable remedy propose to demonstrate its merit beyonda question of doubt, and have authorized G. S. Vaiden & Son to sell itwith the distinct understanding thatshould tbe customer be displeasedwith results, they will refund thecost. Or if you are not willing toinvest a half dollar on your druggist'sagreement to refund it, you may senda postal to the Digestit Co., Jackson,Miss., and receive an order to yeurdrug store for a full size 50c packagewithout cost. If you are a suffererfrom indigestion you cannot afford tomiss this opportunity to get relief, orif you are one of the many who enjoya hearty meal, but dare not indulgetoo freely earing the after effectsthat full uncomfortable feeling or sourstomach you surely will try a package of this wonderful relief. Two orthree tablets immediately after eating gives immediate relief. DIGESTIT is a harmless remedy, absolutely free from any dangerous or habitforming drugs -it digests food andtones up the digestive organs to ahealthful condition.Walter Clarke, Mr. and Mrs. W. A.Thompson, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Caywocd, Judge Dsnis Dundon, Messrs.J as. McClure and Emmstt Dickson,Paris; Mr. and Mrs. W. I. Dorsey, Mr.and Mrs. W. Dorsey, Mr. and Mrs.Edward Dorsey, Mesdames EddieYoung, Walter Young, Picket Scott,and Miss Jennie Parks, Carlisle; Mr.and Mrs. Clarke iiascom, Owingsville;Mr. and Mrs. Asa Jewell Mr. and Mrs.Chas Thompson, Mr. and Mrs. Chas.Howard, Mesdames Mary Hayden andSamuel Stofer and Mr. rletcher Mann,Lexington; Mr. Wallace Shannon,Louisville; Mr. and Mrs. ThcmaRobinson and Mr. and Mrs. JohnCrockett, Bethel ; Mrs. RomulusPayne, Georgetown, Mr. and Mrs.Frank Rocyp, Sharpsburg; Mr. andMrs. David Hood, Mr. and Mrs. LesterRobinson, Nepton ; Mr. James Kirk,M aysville.Mr. K. C. Chanslcr is improving.Mr. F. F. Hurst was in Lexingtonon business Friday.Mr. W. V. Shaw is confined to hiahome with an attack of grippe.Mr. J. G. Allen left Thursday for atwo weeks' sojourn at Martinsville,Ind.Mr. W. F. Carpenter, who is confined to his home with sickness is somebetter.Mr. and Mrs M. B. Lovell.of Paris,are guests of Mr. and Mrs. E. T.Sheeler.Miss Susan Woods, of Stanford,arrived Friday as the guest of her sister, Mrs. S. M. Allen.The Junior class of M. M. I., willhold its annual reception Thursdayevening from eight to twelve.1Mr. Frank Allen, jt Sharpsbur?,was the guest of his nephew, Mr. S.M. Allen, Friday and Saturday.Mrs. C. W. Howard, of Lexington,and Mr. and Mrs. David Hood, ofNepton, were guests of the MissesMclntyre Saturday and Sunday.For the next thirty days I will beprepared to sell you nice dressedchickens on short notice. Both phones128.20 2t J. P. AUXIER.The recital given by the pupils inmusic and expression at M. F. C. Friday evening was good and well attended. A short informal reception washeld following the program.The protracted meeting at theMethodist church began Sunday. Rev.Sorder, of Virginia, who is to assistRev. W. Swift, the pastor, arrivedMondnv. SHrvir.ea leverv afternuon atj 2:30 and evening at 7 o'clock.' Mr J. T. JelFerson, the seniorj member of the firm of Jefferson &! Grimes, has sold his interest in theflour mill to his partner, Mr. MackGrimes, who will continue to operatethe business. Mr. Jefferson's plansfor the future are not yet arranged.The sale of the personality of Mr.J. Mart Bloes will take place Wednesday morning at 10 a. m. February 28,at his home on the Steel Ford turnpike three miles west of Millersburg.See hand bills for further particular.20 3tMiss Ruth McClintock entertainedI Satruday evening twenty-four of herj lady and gentlemen friends from eight5 to twelve. The principal amusementsJ of the evening were a flower game anda leap year conversation, in the conversation game the youngSlad'ei approached the gentlemen and talked tothem for a short time on subjects announced by the hostess. The decorations were the same used in theafternoon. Refreshments were alsothe same. Prizes were given. One forthe most successful in the flower gameand the other for the best lady conversationalist. The tallies were handpainted by Mrs. R. S. Sanders. Theoccasion was a delightful one.DEATH.Skovgaard Concert.rc j.t hi 1 l .Mr. George H, Thomas, formerly 1 .Y,VnB. vgaara concerr, wnicnof this city, died Tuesday, February 6, ,W1 " UB Sv aVne nm- ca AUG1at the Soldiers' Home in Datyon, ri?n S! Tnuef. even,? Februarynhfo on ,i,on hr;eA fK rnL 2(, the St. Paul, Minn., Fioneer Pressdav. Mr Thnmn? rcsto 71 vpc ftffi , has the 'following :and is survived by two sisters, MrsJohn W.morningStout onhlizabeth bimpson, ot tins city, andone in Missouri ; also a Brother, Mr.Robert Thomas, of Clark county. Hewas an uncle of Mr3. Dan Peed, ofParis. . ;The funerar of Mr.Thomas who died Thursdayat the home of Mr. LeerSeventh street, was held Friday afternoon from his late residence. A largenumber of his friends and relativescrowded the house to pa their lastrespect to the memory of the deceased.1A quartette of splendid voices san"sweetly, "Jesus, Lover of My Soul,""My Faith Looks Up to Thee." Elder!J.YT. Sharrari paid a beautiful tributeto the deceased, refeiring in npuropri- Ia':e words to his cast life, and the influences of the venerable man, whichwere in all cases tor good.Mr. Thomas was a member of theChristian church, professing faith atthe age of sevnty-one and was baptized by the late Elder J. S. Sweeney.The body was borne to its last restingplace by his grandsons, and was buriedbeneath a mound of beautiful floralofferings.Mrs. Mary Settle Stivers, widowof Major Joseph W. Stivers, of Bourbon county, died at the home of herdaughter, Mrs. John W. Wood, ofcWinchester, at seven o'clock Saturdayevening follwoing an'illrfess of Bright'sdisease. Mrs. Stivers was seventy-threeyears of age and at the time of herdeath was making a visit to herdaughter.Mrs. Stivers i3 survived by her children as follows : J. Hooker Stivers.of the Stivers Lumber Company ; Mr.James R. Stivers, of the BourbonJLumber Company ; Mr. Rufus P. Stivers,engineer on the Lcuisville and Nashville railroad ; Mrs. Leslie Keal andMrs. Arthur Burley, all of this city ;Mrs. John Wood, of Winchester, andMr. Sherman H. Stivers, of Lexington. Mrs. Stivers was a native of Bourbon county, and was the last survivingmember of a large family of children.Her parents were John Settle andMary Shrader Settle, who residec1 onthe Henry Clay farm near StonyPoint. Major Stivers died in 1881.lhe hody or Mrs. stivers wasbrought to Paris Monday morning and jtaken to the home of Mrs. Leslie Keal jon Hendei son street, from where the jfuneral services were held yesterday .afternoon at 2:30 o'clock, conducted iby Elder J. T. Sharrard. The burial 'took placer in the Paris cemetery. Thepall-bearers were: Thompson Tarr, jRobert Settle, M. J. Lavin, J. Will jThomas. John Dejarnett, Dr. WilliamKenney."Seldom is a St. P?ul audiencearoused to that pitch of enthuiasra thatit refused to be satisfied ait.r the last! number of an aiready ample piogramhas been given, and insists upon having a last leavetaking from the artist,or artiits, that have brought on thespeil. But that is what happened las"evening at the Central Prebstyeria:church at the concert given by Skov-, gaard and his concert company."At the conclusion of PizzicatcGrazloEO, a piece w.itten by himself,which was the last of his final group,Skovgaard was compelled to reappearseveral ti-rne3 upon the platform. Theapplause continued, and finally, whensome one in the balcony called out"Home Sweet Home," those in theaudience who had already filed out into the aisles and returned as one person and the violinist was obliged togive one last number."Skovgaard tias made a happy selection in his associates. All bis numbersware repeatedly encored, gout nonewon more applause than the simplemelody of "Way Down Upon theSuanee River," which was given as anencore after "Gypsy Life," bySarasate."Bourbon Council Instituted.Bourbon Council Junior Order United American Mechanics was institutedSaturday night by State Council J. D.Hunter. Forty-five members were enrolled. Lexington Council and HenryClay Council came over from Lexington on a special car and put on thework, which was done in a very impressive manner. The. followingofficers were elected:Past Councilor T. ri. Funk.Councillor A. H. Bishop.Vice Councilor Kelly Lykins,Recording Secretary C. H. Belcher.Financial Secretary Jes3e McKee. 4Assistant Financial Secretary Arthur Anderson.Treasurer S. M, Turpin.Conductor Elgin West.Warden B. Mullins.Inside SentinelThos. Dykes.Outside Sentinel J. H. Spritt.' Trustees T. M. Funk, short term;i Ottie Pike, eight months; C. U. Eads,eighteen months.I Representative to State Council T.i M. Funk.i Rev. E. M. Lightfoot was chosenChaplain.asFavor Municipal OwnershipThe vote taken list week at theComet Theatre to test the sentimentof the Paris people on the question ofmunicipal ownership of the lighting! plants resulted in 620 votes being castfavoring the city owning its ownplants and 16 aginst the question.Purchase Winchester Daily.Messrs. Lucien Beckner and Carl C.Robbins, son of the late D. B. Robbins, of Littlu Rock, are associated inthe purchase of the Winchester DailyNews from Col. R. K. Perry and hisdaughter. Miss Goldie Perry. Thepjrehasers will take possession thenrat of March and will continue thepbulication of the paper. Ill health isthe cause of the retirement of Col.Perry. Mr. Robbins is a brother ofMiss Mabel RobHns, of this city.SHAWHAN ITEMS.Mrs. John Kiser was a visitor inCincinnati last week.Mr. R. L, Hunter is visiting relatives in Hopkinsville.Mr. and Mrs. Ed. Tomkinson visitedin Cynthiana last week.Mr. Geo. Savely has returned from avisit of several days in Lexington.Mr. Geo. Davis has returned to hishome in Louisville after a visit here.Miss Laura Gaper is quite ill at thehome of her sister, Mrs. G. L. Rankin.Miss Ruth Tate has been the 'uestfor several days of Miss KatherineEwalt.A large number from this place attended the dance at Ruddles Mills Friday night.Miss Margaret Ewalt has returnedto her home in Paris rafter a visit toMr. and Mrs. John Doty.Miss Leila Keller and Mrs. H. L.Minter and little daughter were guestslas- week of Misses Bess and Katherine Ewalt. ' -to'i iis w SCopyright 1910. by the Standard Adv. Co.'HE possessor of a bank accountmay face the world with impunity.It furnishes a shield that protectsyour dependents from the vicissitudesof the world.We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accountsDEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS,Capital $100,000Surplus $30,000tIttt1