THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY TN THE YEARi'VOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JANUARY 19, 1912LIVmftmmm-XT, TVmmStSIMONDep't Store,White Sale andClearance SaleBegins Jan. 13,Ends Jan. 27.SIMON DEPARTMENT STOREParis, KentuckyWhat Say You?You can borrow money through the banks at6 per ceift. and buy groceries and save more thanenough to pay interest. Try it.16 lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.008 bars Lenox Soap 25c3 boxes Matches 10c2 cans good Corn 15cFall qt. can Karo Syrup 10cDry Salt Bacon, per lb 10cPure Hog Lard, per lb r 12cNavy Beans, per lb 5 l-2cLima Beans, per lb f 8cBlus Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 70Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack , . ... . . 1.40Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.75The above is only a few of the many bargains wehave for you. We have a large and fresh stock of everything in the grocery line and invite you to our store andbecome one of our customers and see how much moneywe can save you. We also want to buy all of your eggsand butter and will pay the top market price for them inspot cash.You get what you buy at our store and we are notafraid to make the price right, ' Why? Because it's cashto all, and credit to none, and you don't have to pay forwhat the other fellow don't pay for. Call and see us, or'phone 234 either phone.Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234REDUCTION SALE OFPRICE & CO.PI Men's Suits and Overcoats.$30.00 now $22.5025.00 ....... now 18.7522.50 LJ. .....now 1 7.0020.00 rr...,..:. : now 15.0018.00 now 13.5015.00 now 11.7512.50 now 9.351 0.00 now 7.50If in need, now is your time to buy. ComePRI6& & 60. ClothiersMcMillan May be Master Commissioner. Fr.om an unofficial but reliable sourceit is leaarned that Attorney C. A.McMillan will receive the appointmentto the office of Master Commissionerof Bourbon county as the successor toJudge Russell Mann who died lastweek.The appointment will be made at' thecoming term of the Bourbon CircuitCourt and will be made by JudgeRobert L. Stout. It is said that JudgeStout, who is holding court at Frankfort had reached the decision in regardto the appointment of Mr. McMillan,and his intentions are said to havebeen stated to several attorneys.-There have been several applicantslor the position made vacant by thedeath of Judge Mann, but as to whohad the best chance of landing theposition was not learned here untilTuesday night when a statement saidto come from Judge Stout was noisedabout.Mr. McMillan, who is at present theefficient City Attorney of the City ofParis, is one of the most prominentyoung attorneys ot the Bourbon bar,and his selcetion by Judge Stout asMaster Commissioner of the BourbonCircuit Court will no doubt meet withunivresal approval.IConductor Undergoes Operation.Conductor Phil Price, one of themost popular officials ou the L. & N.,underwent an operation at the Richmond hospital a few days ago in aneffort to secure relief from the effectsof an injury he sustained by being shotin the heaad several years ago. Capt.Price has been a constant suerffers'mze the bullet was removed and inthe past few months has sufferedsevere nervous attacks. The operation was performed on his left eyeand small particles of the bullet wereremoved. As oon as he recoverssufficiently from the first operation asecond will be necessary to remuvesmall particles of led from hia leftcheek which have been causing himt;reat pain. The operation, accordingo the surgeons in charge, came nonetoo soon, as it is stated in a short timewould have affected his mind.JIWmit(USBIRTHS.Born, on January 13, to the wifeof Mr. J. O. Evans, nee Miss MaryBest Tarr, of near North Middletown,a aon third born.DEATH.IMi. John J. Ronan, formerly ofthis county, and sen of the late JohnRonan, died at his home in Taylor,,Texas, on January 7, after an illness ofseveral weeks of lagrippe, which developed into pneumonia. He is survived by his wife and one son, John Ronan, Jr. Mr Ronan was a brother ofMrs. T. F. Brannon, of this city, andSister Mary Zeno, of Florisan, Mo.Mr. James Monroe, aged about 90years, founder of Hamilton College,Lexington, philanthropist and successful business man died in Lexingtonyesterday morning at 6 :30Ao'clock.' Mrs. Chas. Bramel, aged 40 years,died at her home near HutchisonStation Wednesday evening abouteight o'clock from uremia, followingchildbirth. 'She is survived by her husband and seven chilJren. The funeralarrangements have not been announced. MATRIMONIAL.j Mr; Marshall Fuller and IvLiss Nora! Crump, both of Carlisle, were unitedI-Win marriage yesterday afternoon in thercarlors of the Fordhara Hotel, the1m' Rev. J . S. Simms officiating.Mr. William Day, of Winchester,and Miss Blanche Wasson. of RheaSprings, Tenn., eloped to this cityMonday afternoon, coming in an automobile and after securing a marriagelicense from County Clerk Paton Iwereunited in marriage by the Rev. J. S.Simms in the parlors of the WindsorHotel. The couple attempted to keepthe marriage a secret but the fact became known and proved quite a surprise to their friends.The groom is a son of Mr. John C.Day, of Winchester, owner of theMountain Central Railroad, and isprominent in Winchester society. Thebride was a student at Sayre Collegein Lexington, and was visiting relatives in Winchester.mHi9tTwo Games at Gym Tonight.The second double header of the season will be played at the High SchoolGymnasium this evening between theHigh School and eastern KentuckyNormal School basket ball teams andthe Paris and Richmond High Schoolgirls. The games with the Cynthianateams last Friday night improved boththe lcoal teams wonderfully and a lively contest at both ends of the programare expected. The first game vill becalled at 7:30 o'clock.iImmTwin Bridge About Completed.The force of men in charge of theconstruction of the twin bridge for thedouble track over Houston creek haveabout completed the six hundred footstructure. The erection of the bridgeis in charge of the American BridgeCo., of New York, and the progressmade in the past two weeks has beenremarkable. The use of a steam cranewith a lifting capacity of eighty tonshas been employed in the constructionof tne bridge and the only delay experienced was during the extremelycold weather. The old bridge at thispoint was raised eighteen inches toconform with the new grade established. . .. - :m5I " WE KNOW HOWfiiw a nun a j j vicai auuc k3aicON ALL WINTER GOODS!Suits, Overcoats, Underwear, Shirts and Men'sFlirnishirttrs. Now is Ynnr P.Karr fr. RmrSy a Suit or Overcoat at Reduced Prices.1 And if You Are in Need5 Store to Make$35.00 Suits and Overcoats $27.9530.00 Suits 23.95Vt 27.50 Suits 21.9525.00 Suits 18.95ZZ.5U Suits : 16.9520.00 Suits 14.9518.00 Suits 13.4515.00 Suits 11.9512.50 Suits X Qflfi1U.UU OUIIS i.Dy For THEMitchell &Outfitters to Men4 ci n 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 u . sxi 1 in iri -t 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i 1 1 ri 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1FRANK & CO.: The Store Where Reliability Reigns.- :.1Big Clearance SaleWill Last One More Week. .; Choice of Any Winter Suit" ORAny Fancy Cloak, $10.00 Each.Big Bargains in Fur Muffs and Sets.Siiks and Dress Goods.Remnants of all Kinds.-r iDon't Miss This Sale.ri' IiFrankParis, -of Under Clothes, this is theYour Purchase.wfcinhattan Shirts$2.50 Shirts ;; "$1.882.00 Shirts L 1.481.50 Shirts . .1.151.00 and $1.50 Shirts 50Bargains SeeBlakemore,Paris, Kentuckyr vw' tt1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 11 wmimiiiim i iiiiiiiiiiuiiOUR& Co.- Kentuckytiriniiiiiiiiini in ill iMLH.KiJiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiLiuiiiiiiiiiiiiii linn I niiiiLiiijriiiiJiJiniin;itijn!n IIII1IIHUHM44 iM4uirFimmmmmmmmmmmmwmmmmTHE BOURBON WEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 19. 1912.i vfv SVffafafafafafafafafa?ifa1l sALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME,LOWRY & TALBOTTN Paris KentuckyI BourbonDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.BourbonParis, Kentucky.faO. H. CHENAULT, Pres.R. L. BAKER, Sect, and Treas.B. F. BUCKLEY and D. W. CSOTT, Managers.The Central Kentucky TobaccoWarehouse Companyt (Incorporated)Warehouse and RedryerNo. 574-595 South Upper Street 415-435 South Slme&tone StreetBoth phones DGoLEXINGTON, KENTUCKYOPEN DAY AND NIGHTWe Are Now Open and Ready For Business.The Leading Warehouse of Lexington Past Season.The Largest Loose Leaf House in the State.Sales capacity of five hundred thousand pounds daily. Roomon driveways for one hundred and fifty loaded wagons.Stalls for three hundred horses. Our sales the past seasonamounted to four million pounds. With our large and wellequipped warehoush; the experience and success of the pasttwo years enables us to guarantee our customers the bestprices and the best treatment. Come and see us and lookouer our house before selling your tobacco. We have calculators to figure the sates behind the auctioneers on the floor.As fast as the crop is sold the farmer gets his cash. Tryus once and you will come back again.STOCKHOLDERS AND DIRECTORSI. P. Barnard, Louisville, Ky.J. O. Stone, Louisville, Ky.W. P. Barnard, Louisville, Ky.TJ. C. Crawford, Louisville, Ky.J. C. Bright, Louisville, Ky.Roy McCray, of Bourbon, is with" the Central House andwill be pleased to have his friends bringjtheir tobacco to himand tocome to" the house to see him at all times, as he willbe there to look after their interest.TheFamousThe best part of the day is the evening, when the -whole family isgathered together around the lamp.The old days of the $moky fireplace and Bickering candle ere gone forever. In theirplace have come the convenient oil iove and the indispensable Rayo Lamp.There are to-day, in the United State alone, more than 3.O00.0QP of these Rayolamps, giving their clear, white light lo more than 3.000.000 homes.Other lamps cost more, but you,canot get a belter light thaa the low-priced Rayogives. It has become so popular we may almost call it "the official lamp of theAmerican family." "The Rayo is made of solid brass, with handsome recite! finish an onument anywhere.Ak your d;a!cr for Riyokmp ; or write for deeripliYe circular to any agency of theStandard Oil Company. . L. (Incorparatfrd) - . . .will not he yours unless youhave a parlor stove as artisticas it is serviceable. Have alook at the stoves in this hardware store. They are brightand attractive and really betterheat makers than the ugliestold stove you ever saw. Prettiness costs nothing either.Plain stoves cannot be boughtcheaper.LaundryOffice Opp. Postoffice.A P rtkular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry- work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.fitwwLaundry,Z. T. SELLERS Vice-Pres.O. H. Chenault, Lexington, KyR, L. Baker, Lexington, Ky.Dan W. Scott, Lexington, Ky.Z. T. Sellers, Versailles, Ky.'J. C" Roberts, Auctioneer.LampPrimary Called For March I6th.At a meeting of the Democratic Committee of the Seventh Congressionaldistrict, at the Capitol Hotel in Frankfort Monday afternoon, a primary 'election was called for March 16, to nominate a candidate for Congress. If onlyone candidate has announced by March2, a meeting of the committee will beheld and the candidate declared thenominee. J. Campbell Cantrill, thepresent Congressman, is now the onlyannounced candidate.Desha Breckinridge and Samuel Wilson, of Lexington, and Henry Breckinridge, who is now making his home inLexington, appeared before the committee and protested against any actionnow on the ground that the presentLegislature will pass a primary electionlaw." Mr. Cantrfll also appeared before the committee and urged that no"snap" action was desired-, and thateverything was regular.The meeting was called to order at 2o'clock by Mine Meagher, member ofthe Democratic State Executive Committee. Charles Morris, a member ofthe committee, was selected as secretary. The following members werepresent: John Griffin, Franklin county;W. O. Davis, Woodford county; W. P.Kimball, Lexington; L. T. Doty, Owencounty; W. P. Roberts, Fayette county;R. H. Anderson, Scott county, andCharles Morris, OHham countyMr. Doty offered a resolution providing for a primary to be held on March16. Mr. J-ireckinridge appeared beforethe committee and asked to be given ahearing. He declared that the onlypurpose of the primary being calledthis early was to shut out other candidates than Mr. Cantrill. He urgedthat no action be taken until after theLegislature had passed a general primary act. Mr. Wilson then made atalk along the same line asking thecommittee to wait and give everybodya chance. Mr. Cantrill replied to this,urging that tnere was notnmg or a j"snap" nature about the call at this;time. He said that it had been cus-'tomary to make the call sixty to ninetydays before the primary, and that ev- .erynody had a chance. 1Mr. Davis offered an amendment to jthe resolution providing for a primary Ito be held in August. This was voteddown 5 to 3.Another amendment was offered providing that in case the Legislaturepasses a primary election act the call "for the primary on March 16 is to bevoid. This was also voted down by the ,same vote. The original resolution wasadopted by a vote of 5 to 3, those votingagainst the resolution being: Griffin, JDavis and Kimball. Those voting forit were: Doty, Crabb, Roberts, Ander-1son and Morris. jPRIMA R,Y RESOLUTION jADOPTED. IThe following is the substance of theresolution adopted :A primary is called in the counties ofthe Seventh district between the hoursof 6 a. m. and 4 p. m., March 16.The right to vote at said primary .election shall be limited and restrictedto those who affiliate in good faith withthe Democratic party, and who possessthe qualifications prescribed by law. ;To carry the call for the primary intofull force and effect a sub-committee, .composed of R. H. Anderson, of Scott,W. B. Crabb, of Henri , and W. O. !Davis, of Woodford, is hereby appointed, which committee is to makeall preparations for the primary, includthe printing and distribution of ballotsto the officers of the election. 1An assessment of $3,000 is fixed fordefraying the expenses of the primary,and any person desiring to becomeUAi.' 4. ,i :i r.nn ....-4-U i-uchairman of the subcommittee not later ' Let s et together ; unite in the onethan March 2. ! common cause to make Paris what she fThe District Committee shall meet in should be. Lay aside the desire forthe courthouse in Lexington on March selfian persnnal gain and unite. Bless-:6, and it only one candidate has auah-- ... . At , ;fied, then the committee is empowered ea w,th the natural advantages that,to i esolve itself into a convention, and she is Paris should be made a better!declare the one qualified candidate the town. We cannot expect outsiders to jnominee. 1 do it for us when there is no effort on !Polls shall be opened in each precinct . ... , ,, . . x ,in all counties in said district in the the Parfc of those locally interested. jusual regular voting places. ' Shoulders to the wheel, all of them, tAt the close of the polls the election ! Do it now, or some fine morning weofficers shall count the ballots and cer- ! will awaken to find Paris a raere fiag .tify to the county the result ot the1 . .. ...voe .station, while. the cows will be brows-!No candidate shall be allowed to se-. ing on the commons, men sitting idly jlect the device of the Democratic party about, just existing, as in the days offor his emblem, and the order in which jon a0 ,names shall appear upon the ballot shall i jbe determined by lot. ' 'The officers of the primary election ;shall be selected from lists offered j . !by candidates in accordance with the! , ' ne stronS Point.primary election law. I "I naye found just the party for jThe candidates shall be entitled to I you, Lord Duncan a lady with a downame a challenger in each precinct by j ry of half a million." "And when can iwritten notice nve days or more uexore ;the primary.On the third day after the returnshave been made to the chairman in jeach county the committee shall meet Iat Lexington and canvass the votes andissue a certificate of nomination; !The chairman of the subcommittee ,snail give due notice of the time andmanner of holding said primary, as required by the primary election laws.Home EndorsementHundreds of Paris Citizens CanTell You All About It.Home endorsement, the public expression of Paris people.should be'evidence beyond dispute for every Pansreader. Surely the experience offriends and neighbors, cheerfuly givenby them, will carrymore weight thanthe utterances of strangers in farawayplaces. Read the following:Mrs. J. T. Martin, Eleventh andMain streets, Paris, Ky.,says: "Kidney trouble in my case was broughton by a fall I received two years ago.My back ached until I thought it wouldbreak and sharp twinges often shotthrough my kidneys, as if someonewere hitting- me. 1 tried various remedies, but could not find relief until Iprocured Doan's Kidney Pills at Wilson's drug store. After using themone week, I felt like a different womanand I was soon completely cured. Igaye a statement for publication in1903, telling of my experience and attnhis 'time Lam glad to confirm all Ithen said in praise of Doan's KidneyPills. I think more highly of themthan ever."For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster-Milburn Co., Buafflo.New York, sole agents for .the UnitedStates.Remember the name-r-Doan'sandtake no other.-V;,She Sleepeth.Paris, in commercial sense, is apparently sleeping the sleep that knowsno wakening. In recent years this hasbticcme very noticable. She comesforward at the dawn of a bright day togo to rest in the evening in the sameway. contented with what she has,given to her without an effort toacquire, and as the days pass, in thesame "hum-drum" way.This has characterized Paris sinceher birth, something over a hundredyears ago when cows browsed on thecommons men sat idlj around blacksmith shops, taverns and stores, chewed tobacco and whittled. The advanceof time has made the people a littlemore energetic, but this energy wasforced upon them when it became apparent that there was nothing else forthem to do.What next: Railrads replaced thestage coach, Paris blossomed undtr afavored sun and matured into a city,not because of the efforts of her peoplepossibly it was predestined. Timehas made Paris a thriving city i thereis little dcubt to this. In the pat tenyears the change has been as if bymagic. What was the cause? Was itthe people who spent their lives in thecommuni ty, or was it from outsideinterests? The latter is most probable.Some 1 ttle enterprise has contributed materially, but there exists to thisday the feeling in the breast of theaverage citizen that "whatever doesnot come to us we will not seek." Wecan daily see the fruits of this spirit,which from a candid view promises toprove the undoing of the proud littletown and reduce it to a rank far beneath the class to which it rightfullybelongs.Sometime ago a Commercal Clubwas organiized and for a time theactivity of this organization knew nobounds. But what came of it? Nothing, absolutely nothing. Then, drifting back into the same channels matters continuedvs if no organization ofthe kind had ever been perfected.There is work for a hustling Comrmercial Club here ; work in plenty.Some weeks ago Paris was mentionedas the divisional center of the L. N.and the terminus offa new .line whichwas surveyed into the rich mountain'country. With no Commercial Club to. - . , c r:uu LUC '""a "mitted to go. on, and on, and on, until,when it was announced that Winchester, bidding strong for the new road,had all but secured it ,the eyes of thepeople were opened. Sitting up theystarted in wonderment and asked."What's'doing?" NIt can be easily conceived somethingin ihe extreme was doing. It means,to express it in very few words, that 1Paris has virtually lost what with aneffort could have been her gain. But jbattles are not won'.until the last gun 'ia silenced and there is yet hope of the 'phnnpp fr rdfriaoo mil ninownt Inoooe lw ww..w --.I see this lady?" "Justing- of the dowry don'ther." Fliegende BlaeUer.keep th inkask to seei . ioecause it is made oithe purest and best ingredients, because itcontains more healing,strengthening and upbuilding material thanany other Emulsion, andbecause it is a perfectproduct of a scientifically perfect process.Doctors the world overrecognizeScott's Emulsionas the Standard preparation of Cod Liver OilAIJ, DRUGGISTS, 11-22mg of the dowry don't ask to seeIIMIIIIBI III - 1i m, oecause it is made of B Iweakness and disease of the lemimne organism.It is non-secret, non-alcoholic and has a record of forty years of cures.Asx Your Neighbors. They probably know of some of its many cures.If you want a book that tells all about woman's diseases, and how to curethem at home, send 21 one-cent stamps to Dr. Pierce to pay cost of mailingonly, a,d he vlW send you a free copy of his great thousand-page illustratedCommon Sense Medical Adviser revised, up-to date edition, in paper covers.In handsome cloth-binding. 31 stamps. Address Dr. R.V. Pierce, Buffalo, N.Y.GEO. W.FUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMES. aBOTH 'PHONESThe Best is none4?and make the Women happy.DodsonPARIS. KY.East Term. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon-CountyExchanges atParis, Miliersburg, North JMiddletown, Little Rock anRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedIIiIJlnnk EanqbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed. I"auglOtfEast Tenn. Phoe 669ONE WAY OF SAVINGA BABY FREE TO TRYThe mother does not live whowould not do all in her power to keepher child healthy, but often she doesnot know how. So when a doctorof standing points the way all canafford to listen.It is an accepted fact that nine outof ten of the troubles of infants andchildren is intestinal. You notice itby the fact that the child is constipated, it belches, is peevish and cries.Don t give a remedy that contains anopiate, because the child will get inthe habit of needing it, and don't become alarmed and run at once for adoctor.Try a scientific laxative first. Givea small dose of Dr. Caldwell's SyrupPepsin, the remedy that is intendedDespair and DespondencyNo ens but a woman can tell the story of the sufferine. ifcdespair, and the despondency endured by women who cirra daily burden of ill-health and pain because of disorders anlderangements of the delicate and important organs that aredistinctly feminine. The tortures so bravely endured completely upset the nerves if long continued.Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription is a pqsitive cure forIT MAKES WEAK WOflEN STRONG,SICK WOMEN WELL.-It allays inflammation, heals ulceration and soothes pain.It tones and builds up the nerves. It fits for wifehoodand motherhood. Honest medicine dealers sell it, anihai'e nothing to urge upon you as "just as good.'DAVISDAT 13 7; NIGHT 299,loo good for you.& DeJoe. G. Mitchell,Against Fire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies. i PhOHC 1 62Agent.for the use of children. It is mildgentle and non-griping. The remedyis absolutely pure and is guaranteedin every particular. Mrs. Toomey ofEmingsville, Pa., and Mrs. FredCrqms of Alanson, Mich., never givetheir children anything else. Theseare only a few among thousands olwomen.You can buy a fifty cent or onedollar bottle of any nearby druggist,for they have all sold it for a generation, but if you want to test it on yourchild first send your address to Dr.Caldwell and he will cheerfully sendyou a free sample bottle.Address him Dr. W. B. Caldwell.402 Caldwell building, Monticello,ntonMII,,ll,,l'll,aa'Blllll,'"'"''WW, f w M-ntira-rrMiHn!MwA n n n him ,, . .$it.tf, 1 1fitt E IHH1! 8 IHitGreatestShoemakers in theConsignedTheirOver-ProductionTo Us, To Be'Sold at Once.Read ThePrices!Look Them Over!.Buy TheGreatest ShoeValuesEver Offered!111) 06Binjj 11 bBI jSaturday MorningJANUARY 20, AT 8 O'CLOCK,We Will Open Our Doors With a Sale That Will Eclipse Anything Ever Before Attempted in ParisWe were working all week getting in shape this great stock of Shoes and Rubbers for this gigantic sale.Several large Eastern manufacturers anticipating a record-breaking holiday trade, stocked heavily so as to take care of "hurry orders." Theunseasonable weather and the lack of snow in December, throughout the entire country, affected the Shoe industry more than other lines, and"hurry orders," were few and far between. Our buyers, always on the spot, finally induced them, owing to our immense outlet, to consignthese goods to DAN COHEN- To Be Converted Into Ready MoneyThis is not a sale of a few odds and ends, not a few goods left at the end of a season, but a sale of a large stock, consisting of absolutelysew Shoes and Rubbers consigned to DAN COHEN to be sold at once at whatever prices they will bring. The choicest goods, the very creamof this seasons makes placed on sale at less than the price of "cheap" footwear and they1mlTLXTjk I imtSStmTZIt You Value Money, if You Value Shoe Comfort, and If You Value Sts'le, We Advise You to Be On Hand To-morrow.One Lot Ladies' $1 .75 and $2 values in Patent Colt,Gun Metal and Kid. button and lace, QQm.Safe Price -. -One Lot Ladies' $2 and $2.50 Shoes in Patent Colt,and Via Kid, also small sizes Tan Jg QLace Shoes, Sale Price 9 1 mmW7Ladies' $1 .25 Congress Slippers, made 5Cof soft Kid, tip or plain toe, Sate Price WwwLadies' 60c Storm RubbersSale Price39cOne Lot of Ladies' $2.50 and $2.75 valises includessome of the latest style 16-ButtonBoots, in Gun Metal and Patent, QQReduced to - - wOne Lot Ladies' new style 16-Button Boots, madein Tan. GunlMetal. Patent Colt and fl Ji OkVelvet, $3.50 value, Reduced to.Misses' $2 and $2.25 values in Patent Colt, Gunfoetal, aud Kid, button and lace,Reduced to 1150 pairs Misses9 $1.25 to $1.75values, at99cGrown Girls' high 1 6-Button Boots Patent and GunMetal, school heels, $2.50 values, flf CJReduced to H OfBoys' and Youths' Box Calf Shoes, allsizes, 1 1-2 to 5 1-2, Sale Price99cOne Lot Boys' $2.00 Box Calf Shoes, some oddsizes, high cuts included, Oil ASale PriceInfant's Button and Lace Shoes75c value, at39cOne Lot Infant's Soft Soles, 25c value, at 9cMisses' Storm Rubbers, at 39cOne Lot Men's Fan and Bfacfr, heavyHigh Cuts, $3 value, Reduced toOne Lot Men's $2 and $2.50 Shoes,broken sizes, Reduced toEHS1.49One Lot Men's Patent and Gun Metal Shoes,$4.00 values, ' 4Reduced to frmmx$tOne Lot Men's 3-Buckle All-RubberArctics, $3.50 value, at '$1.99Onk Lot Men's Cloth BuckleArctics, at99One Lot Men's Walk-Over $5.50Shoes, Reduced to$4. 1 9One Lot Men's Patent $4 WalkOver Shoes, Reduced to3.19One Lot Men's Patent Shoes, broken sizes,$2.00 to $3.00 values, atVTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 19, 1912.ANNOUNCEMENTIOur CLEARANCE and WHITE GOODS SALEBeginning Monday, January 22Ending Saturday. January 27VC$TT TsTQ The Entire StockO J.X jBL O - At Unheard-of -PricesT A jHT? fTTJJW" A The Largest Stock in ParisJLJL LXV iy UI JL JL1JM W3At Matchless PricesUnder MtislinsWhite Goods"At Surprisingly Low Prices.Laces and Embroideries-?Bargains in Every Department. .Let Us Show You.We Are Going to Make This our Banner Sale.W. BD. TUCKERI!(ASK ANVSUCCESSxoliff WILL TELL YOUHE SAVED ITFAILUREAIWfE WL TELL YOUHE WISHED HE HADCopyright 1S10. by the Standard Adv. Co.POSITIVE or negative. Two states. Positive, the independent, he who provides for himself and his dependents. Negative, he who fails to provide forhimself and his dependents.We pay 3 per cent interest on savings accountsDEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.Capital $100,000Surplus $30,000i:xTHEATRICAL.Lighting the Panama Canal.The force at work upon the plansfor lighting the shipways of the Panama Canal began work last April, andhave already nearly completed the survey and clearing of all points to be occupied, or deprived of obstructions;and have also begun the constructionof range light towers and beacons.The scheme has for its main featuresside lights illuminated by electricityor acetylene gas which will line thecanal on either side about a mile apartand range lights on the longer tangents or sections of the canal where astraight course must be kept for somedistance. Similar tjwer beacons andilluminated buoys, consuming acetylene gas will mark the deep watercourse to be followed in the great Gatun Lake, and through other channels.The great artificial lake will soonbecome a feature of the canal zoneand cover perhaps for centuries tocome, rivers and trails which havekeen associated with some of the mostInteresting and earliest events ofAmerican history. "Affairs at Washington," Joe Mitchell Chappie, in National Magazine for January.Go to Buck's.For, a nice bath, haircut or shave,r. U I V, rnU 4.Additions to December HonorRoll.Commrecial Department MargaretBuchanan 98, Ruth Chambers 97, EarlCurtis 96, Wayne Cottingham 93,Hazel fUuvall 96, Eli Friedman 95,James' Horton 97, Edna ! Keller, 95,Gertrude Turpin 97,John Mahorney 90,MaWiua Sharon 93, James Templin 97,Ewdard Myall 96, Selo Wollstein 98,Frank Dejarnett 92.Grade 3 B James McClintock 92.Leaders in Grades Maude Taylor,grade 6-b ; Thornton Connell and VellaMastin, grade 8. Each made an verageof 97 per cent.Exclave Succumbs to Old Age."Uncle" Alfred Johnson, aged 78years, one of the best known and mosthighly respected colored men of thiscity died at his home here Tuesdaynight after a protracted illness of general deebility and infirimties incidentto old age. "Uncle" Alfred, as. tewas familiarly known, was an ex-slaveand a servant in the Champ family,was held in the highest esteem byboth white and colored people of thiscommunity. The funeral will be heldthis afternoon from the colored Christian church."The Gamblers," which comes tothe Paris Grand next Tuesday was theonly serious' drama produced lastseason that recorded a run of over twohundred consecutive performances inNew York. Th Klein play was oneof the genuine successes of the season. Reserv-td seats may be securedby telephoning Mitchell & Blakemore."THE GAMBLERS."Charles Klein's greatest play, "TheGamblers," which run throughout Jiastseason at Maxine (Elliott's Theatre,New York, comes to the Grand nextTuesday. The story of the play has todog with a group of bankers, theyoungest member of whicn agrees togo to jail and pay the penalty for atechincal offense of which all areguilty, provided his father, an innocent man, shall not suffer. The storyof the attempt of the young bankofficer to get all the others free, andhis love for the wife of the cold-bloodedprosecuting attorney, innocentlybrought into the affair, is one of themost gripping plays theatregoers havehad offered them in many a day.This is a Klaw & Erlanger production and one of the strongest plays,both scenically and in regard to castof characters that this well knowncopmany has this season. Seats 'maybe reserved at Mitchell & Blakeoiore'sSaturday. The Lexington OperaHouse Orchestra will furnish themusic.Russell Re-elected President.Thomas M. Russei was re-electedpreisdent of the Maysville Base BallClub of the : Blue Grass League andJames Summers, secretary, at a meeting held Tuesday night. The matterof electing a captain and manager oftheMaysville club was postponed untilnext week.Railroader Becomes Suddenly 111Leslie Todd, an L. & N. conductor,in charge of a construction train atShawhan, this county, was taken suddenly ill while in the discharge of hisduties at the Townsend Bridge Mondayand as a result is in a critical condition. The attending physicians firstthought hisjillness was a result of theexposure to which he had been subjected, but it later developed that he wassuffering from walking typhoid fever.He was taken to the Good SamaritanHospital, Lexington, for treatment.Negro Stabbed is Jailed forTheft.Dan Chinn, colored, was arrestedyesterday by ConstabLe Perry jRice oncharge ot cutting Unas Johnson, alsocolored. The trouble took place inClaysville and Johnson suffered aalight gash on the throat and was stabbed twice in the arm. Chinn's exaraining trial was set for Saturday.A short time after Johnson appearedat the court house to have a warrantissued for the arrest of Chinn. he wasplaced under arrest for stealing a pairofEhoes that were the property ofGeorge Watson, colored. Lou Jones, anegro woman, was also arrested in connection with the. theft and in thecounty court Johnson was given 90days at hard labor, while the Joneswoman was given thirty days. -Trains Meet in Head-on CollisionFour persons were killed.five fatallyinjured, 4whileJJ a score ormorepassengers were seriously hurt when aspecial Chesapeake and Ohio train,which had figured in another wreckearlier in the day, crashed into theregular Louisville and Nashvillepassenger train, near Long Run, twentymiles from Louisville at 6 o'clockTuesday evening.'2 Orders had been issued fo the Chesapeake and Ohio extra to take siding atLong Run, but the train passed onthrough, crashing into the L. and N.passenger train which was loaded withKentucky Legislators and friends, amile further down the line.Both engines boilers exploded,tearing the baggage cars to pieces. Onthe Cheaspeake ani Ohio train wasunly a baggage car and a day coach.Nojpassengers were aboard.The dead are: Jamea Mehornhay,engineer of L. and N., Louisville;Thomas Jones, fireman of L. and N.,Lexington ; Charles O. Lee, engineerof C. and O., Lexington; CharlesMarcus, fireman of C. and O., Lexington. The fatally injure are: FredAnderson, conductor of C. and O.,Lexington ; William Wilder, conductorL. and N. Louisville; Napoleon McCarthy, baggage master of L. and N.,Louisville; Ed Robertson, expressmessenger, C. and 0. ; E. D. Long,Bagdad, Ky.Sells Harrison Farm.Mr. R.'.B. Hutchcrait, of this city,sold to Mr. J. A. Franklin, of Harrison county, a tract of 103 acres of landnear Lair Station in Harrison countyat $80 per acre. Possession will be given March 1.Paris Inventor Returns Home.Mr. Frank O'Neal. Jr., of this city,inveator of the hempbreaking machinewhich has attracted so much attentionin this section from the successfultests that have been made, arrived inParis Wednesday night from Philadelphia where he has been since lastfall improving his invention. A newmodel of the machine is now enrouteto this city and as soon as it arrives itwill be placed in the field and given athorough test. Since last fall Mr.O'Neal has made many improvementson his invention, the principal featurebeing the power which is furnishedfrom gasoline engines, and which areconstructed as a part of the machine.This feature will eliminate the greatdifficulty which he has experienced insecuring power. Mr.O N'eaJ is of Ltheopinion his tests this winter will be ofgreater success than ever before.SaOutCloth Suite f IWe Have Given Marching Orders to All Our HighGrade Exclusive Garments Remaining From Our GreatFinal Adjustment Sale and Priced Them, for Quick Selling, as follows:AU$25 and $30 Suits, now $10.00Suits formerly up to $50; now $17.50Suits formerly up to $100, now $25.00A limited number of Cloth Suits remain from the fastselling of our Great Final Adjustment Sale and we havedecided to close every one of them out at a mere fractionof the former prices. While the quantity is somewhatlimited, the range of style and fabrics is still broad andembraces some of the most distinguished and exclusivemodels-we have shown this season.A glance at the items above will show how we havefractured prices. Profits, regular values and even actualcost, plp.yed a minor role; the chief consideration being aquick and absolute clean-up.TTTJ5 unprecedently reduced prices place withinEVERYBODY'S reach the highest type of women's suitsthis country produces apparel which by its distinguishedexclusiveness, its ultra-smartness and its absolute perfection and superiority has become the unrivalled favoriteof the best dressed women in this section. That magnificent $50 or $100 suit you admired here earlier in the seasonbut could not, perhaps, afford, is now yours for the paltrysum of 17.50 or $25. And plenty of $25 and $30 suits maybe had for only $10 if your purse runs that way.Bourbon people Win Suit.Last week the suit between Mis.Henrietta Taylor Ford and her father,N. H. Taylor, as guardian of infantchild, on the one side, and the insurance company on the other side, wasdecided by the Franklin Circuit Cqurt.The insurance company held notesand mortgages against the Ford estateamounting to about eleven or twelvethousand dollars. Mrs. Ford and theguardian resisted payment of thesenotes and mortgages. Judge Stout decided in favor of Mrs. Ford and theguardian. The insurance companywill prosecute an appeal.Kobert G. Talbott, of Paris, andRobert B. Franklin, of Frankfort,represented Mrs. Ford and Mr. ITayloras the guardian of her infant child.Sale Now Going On.Conie Early and Secure the Cream ofthe AssortmentjfCaufmanj Straua & Co,,Wolf, Wile & Company Successors.LEXINGTON, KY. .cle barbers. 23 tfTHE BOURBONNEWS, PARIS KENTUCKY, JAN. 19 1912.IHE BOURBON NEWS.5ALWAYS HAS THE BESTBIG SHOE SALERead Dan Cohen's big ad-ertfsement on page 3. Shoesat your own price.Installs Officers.Capt. F. M. Faries, of this city,wasi Cynthiana Monday night where henpsected Cynthiana Company No. 15,K. of P., and installed the newly,electofficers. Injured by Fall.Mr. Alex Baird fell on the icy pave-ts; in front of the new BaptisturCn Wednesday night, striking his- and from the effects of the fall. confined to his home yesterday.fPure Sorghum.: none us your order for sorghumr--sh, just reeieved.SALTER'S GROCERY.; if Main street, onp. courthouse.Accepts New Position.3. Eales, who has been with theower Grocery Company in this city,?Dmmenced Monday morning to travelf T the Arm & Hammer Soda Comarrs. This is a fine position and we. sh him much success in his change.iFarm Sale Postponed.I he farm which was advertised byne heirs of the late W. O. Shropshirebe sold publicly Tuesday was notf -ered as the zero weather which pre--eedmade it impossible for personso a-ttnd. A new date will be announced .ater.Call and See.' Your special attention is called to:r.e reductions in clothing and shirtsare now offering. Call and see.. 2t M1TCHELL-& BLAKEMORE.Clerk in Carlisle Postofiice.Dr. Hadden Howell, who for sometime held a position in the drug storeof Dr. W. T. Brooks in this city, andvho recently returned to his old home:n Carlisle, has accepted a position asc.erk in the Catlisie postofiice withPostmaiter Horar Bryson.Real Bargains.For real bargains in an end seasonMITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.2t "We Know How."Sev. Hal Spears in Arkansas.Rev. H. E. Spears, formerly of thisty, has accepted the Rectorship ofSi. Mark's Episcopal church at Hope,Ark. The "Rev. Mr. Spears is a sonif the late Henry Spears, who before.s death was one of the best knowntn-iers in this section. He had charges-i Lexington, Paris, Danville and Newport and ranked among the most successful ministers of his church in CerKentucky.Reduction on Manhattans.Manhattan shirts at usual end of-cson reduction.MITHGELL & BLAEKMORE.Paris Man Elected Director.At a meeting of the stockholders ofi.-ife Parks Hill Assembly held in Car-s!e last week Mr. W. H. Harris offi.? city, was elected as one of the dieters. The others chosen were W.'I.iLrsey, H. M. Taylor, H. E. Brysond Dr. J. Banta Glenn. The rumorsto the effect that the famous resortwould be sold were shaken, when thetioikholders took no action in the mat-Back Tax List Correct.In view of the number of complaintsi ch came in this week in regard tothe list of those who were assessed fortcr: taxes published in the last issuec: tne News, we desire to state that-fier further investigation of the matte? we find our statement to be cor-"s.-t.The assessment was made fort-xes for the year of 1911 upon property which should have been listed in'tj-tember, 1910. We are 'informedtTat all of the back tax suits havetcr settled for the year just passed.Ptre and tornado insurance.SfcCLURE&CLENDENIN.Serious Loss Prevented..-'.re. which originated from an overheated furnace was discovered in theesldence of Mr. Withers Davis ont2sant street Tuesday afternoon by- colored house boy who had gone to'e home to do his chores, and fromfact, that it was discovered Before.rad gained much headway, a seriousss was prevented. The blaze almostl-rned through the floor of the dining--'jot and a china closet and sideboard"'-re the only articles damaged by the.'eat. The fire was extinguished with--tcalling out the department.fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.Three Pictures at the Comet.Believing that the people of Paris as: rj.e want the best of everything andre willing to pay for it the management of the Comet Theatre has decided, commencing next Monday to givetiree reels of first run pictures of a'.ass never before seen in Paris. Fromt.nie to time feature reels such as4 ndrella." "The House That JackfiJllt.'" "Jact, the Giant Killer." and-tners will be produced. The price ofadmission will be ten cents commences Monday. The management is inortetp-ncence with a feature singerf era Wpshmgtrn. whom tbey expectto secure ho tly. due notice of whichV he given through the columns ofThe News.PERSONAL MENTION.Mrs. James McClure is ill at herhome on Vine street.Mr. and Mrs. N. A. Moore are inFlorida for a short stay.Mrs. G. N. McKenney has returned from a visit in Winchester.Mr. P. M. Heller left Tuesday fora ten days prospecting tour in Florida.Dr. F. L. Lapsley has returnedfrom a Jbuisness trip to Jacksonville,Fla.Mr. Ed Doyle will leave Mondayfor Charleston, S. C, to attend theraces.Mr. Bruce Huddleston and childrenhave moved to Carlisle from this cityto reside.Mrs. Nannie Ashbrook, of Cynthiana, visited Mrs. Thos. Allen in thiscity this week. . 'Mrs. W.A. Johnson is in Louivsillewhere she is teaching a large class inthe art of cooking.Mr. and Mrs. Groom Myall, of Kansas City, Mo., are guests of Mr. andMrs. William Myall.Mrs. Kiser Smith has returned toher home in this city after a visit torelatives in Cynthiana. 'Mr. Teddy Mackey, of Grafton,W. Va.f is visiting his mother, Mrs.Kate Mackey, in this city.Mr. James H. Thompson is quiteill at his home' near this city, beingthreatened with pneumonia.Mr. N. Kriener is quite ill at hishome on Twelfth street, threatenedwith an attack of pneumonia.Little Maty ,Luisee Clendenin,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. R. F. Clendenin, is ill at the home of her parentson Cypress street.Miss Sarah Goodloe Benton, whohas been the guest of Mr. and Mrs.Withers Davis, has returned to herhome in Winchester.Mrs. William Shobe, of Salem, N.J., who is the guest of her parents,Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Butler and whohas fcean quite ill, is improving.2 Mrs. Sidney G. Clay has returnedfiom Frankfort where she was thetruest for several days of kher husband,Representative Clay at the CapitolHotel.Mr. Charlton Clay returned yesterday from Frankfort where hejattendedthe dinner dance given by Miss EmilyThomas at th Frankfort Hotel at theAssembly dance at the Capitol Hotel.Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Newman haverented of Eder J. T. Sharrard a cottage on South Pleasant street andwill go to housekeeping immediately.Mr. Newman is connected with thfiLouisville and Nashville railroad inthis city.The Paris Literary Club held ameeting Wednesday afternoon at theclub rooms. The subject for theyear's work is "Nineteenth CenturyLiterature and Current Events," andthe topics considered at this metingwere "George Sand and Her Place inthe Romantic School in France," byMrs. Robert C. Talbott, and "Alfordde Musset," by Miss Simms. The Current Events discussed were "Henry M.Flagler and His work in Florida,""Feeding the Birds During the Extreme Winter Weather" and "Forestryby the Club."At a called meeting of the newlyorganized Cotillion Club yesterdayafternoon at the Elks Hall, Mrs.John Davis wa chosen as chairman ,and rules were adopted and dates forthe dances selected. The club wasnamed "The Bourbon Cotillon Club."The germans are to be given on thefollowing dates, the first on February22, the second on April 4 2nd the lastJue 14. The fee for the three dancesis S10, payable at once. Mrs. J. S.Roberts was selected as treasurer ofthe club. Mrs. Withers Davis wasselected to be chairman of the committee for the first dance. The club isnow composed of 35 members. Thedues. $10 per year o? $3.50 per singledance. Spectators will be admitted at$1 each. Mr. and Mrs. John Daviswere chosen to lead the first cotillonon February 22.January Bargains.We are offering great bargains onall furniture during the month ofJanuary. Call in and look them over.J. T. HINTON.Lewis Sends in Contract.Joe Lewis, who will manaee theParis club the coming season has sentin his signed contract which is in thehands of President Bacon. Lewis willcome to Paris early in the spring toassume charge of the Paris aggregaion.The new manager is a pitcher, standssix feet one inch and weighs 190pounds. Letters received by PresidentBacon from Marion, O., where Lewisformerly managed are to the effectthat he is there with the goods and isexpected to give Paris a winning club.RELIGIOUS.Services Sunday morning at 10:45o'clock at St. Peter's Episcopal churchby the Rector, Rev. J. A3. Maxon. Atthe time of the regular afternoon service at 4 o'clock the Rt. Rev. L. W.Burton, Bishop of the Lexington Diocese, will give an illustrated lanternltcture on the missionary work-of theLexington Diocese. All are cordiallyinvited to attend. Mr. Morrell, ofLexington, will operate the lantern.The Rector especially requests that every member of the church will plan tobe present.There will be the usual servicesat the Baptist church un Sunday nextthe pastor, Rev. E. M. Lightfoot.taking as his morning subject "Calledto be Saints." The series of sermonswhich Rev. Lightfoot has announcedfor the night services during themonth of January are causing greatinterest throughout the city and onnext SHmday night he will speak onthe third subject of this series,"Something of His Work." The morning service will be held at the hour of10:45 o'clock and the evening servicent 730 o'clock, Sunday school at 9:30" ... : ,4 um. All are curuiauij iuvju iu -presentFell Through Elevator Shaft.Beecher Bell, colored, employed atthe Third street warhouse of E. F.Spears & Sons, fell trhough an elevatorshaft yesterday morning to the basement two stories below and aside froma bruise over one eye and a slight injury to his back, is none the worse offfor his experience.Bell was carriyng a heavy board onthe second floor of the building, whichin some manner became fastened betweenthe supporting posts and in aneffort to extricate it lost his balanceand fell through the shaft to the basement two stories below.He-was rendered unconscious by thefall but was revived in a few minutesand taken to the office of Drs. Fithianand Daugherty where his injuries received attention. Hia escape fromserious injury -is regarded as miraculous.Stone's Cakes.We receive Stone's celebrated cakesfresh every day.LOGAN HOWARD.Goes With Versailles Firm.Mr. George Clayton, formerly ofHutchison, this county, well knownthroughout the country as a breeder ofPoland China hogs, is now associatedwith McK.ee Bro5?., of Versailles, whoproduces this breed of hogs extensively. Mr. Clayton is one of the mostcapable bleeders and feeders in thissection of the State and will be incharge of the herd of .blooded hogs ofMcKee Bros.Hot Chile ton Carne.Genuine Mexican chile con carnetoday and tomorrow.J. E. CRAVEN.Aged and Wealthy Negro Dead.Davis Ford, colored, aged 74 years,died at his home near Little Rock,this county, alter an illness of aboutten days of brain trouble. Ford owneda farm of forty acres of fine BourbonCounty land, adjoining the Stonerproperty, and was regarded as thewealthiest negro in the county He wasan ex-slave and was born in this countyParis Grand.Tuesday,January.23The Authors Producing Co.(John Cort, President)AnnounceTne GamDieis!By CHARLES KLEIN,Author of "The Music Master,""The Lion and The Mouse,""The Third Degree," Etc.200 Nights in New York City.A Big Klaw & Erlanger Production. PRICES Dress Circle $1.50;Parquette $1; Balcony 75c.Seats at Mitchell & Blakemore'sSaturday.FOR RENT.I have for rent or will lease for aterm of years the best livery and salebarn in Paris, Kentcuky. Situatedcorner Second and Main streets, opposite Windsor Hotl, posseession givenJan. 1, 1912. E. T.P hone 198.j. h. butler;12 tf Paris. Ky.TOBACCOHAULING.,...iWe are prepared to haulTobacco to the markets atany point. No crop toolarge. We can furnish teamsand wagons.TRANSFER....fiest equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Eighth Street Both Phones.THE FAIR!For Friday Only.Wc Will Have on Safe SomeExtra Good Values, as Follows:nMeat Platters oc.Larger size with gold band 10c.Cups and Saucers in plainwhite 29c set.Decorated Cups and Saucers39c a set.Decorated Slop Jars in StoneChina 69c.THEFAIRSuit Against L. 4 N.Dr. W. B. Mc.Clure, of Lexington,whoso auto was struck by an L. & N.train in that' cjty on the night ofDecember 4, has filed suit in theFayette Circuit Court against the railroad company asking judgment fordamages of $25,000, alleging that because of negligence he sustained injuryin that amount.Dressed Fowls.Nice lot of turkeys and chickens onhand. Phone us your order.. C. P. COOK.WinsEveryTrade MarkFLEXIBLE FLYERSLEDSAre Built To Last. SledsSold by us Ten Years Agoare still giving good service.Get the ger.uine.$2.50, $3.00 and $3.75FIREFLY COASTERSMade in the same Factory oflighter rmterials.$2.00 and $2.50Daughertij Bros.J. T. HINTONTHE HOME OUTFITTER.1,i7T Vf1j. t.IA NNOHNCEHENTOUR CLEARANCE ANDWhite GoodsSaleBegins Monday, January 22,Ends Saturday, January 27.See Big Advertisement on Another Page.W. Edi1 CC WIM1For Friday and Saturday.16 lbs. Standard Granulated Sugar $1.00I8 bars Lenox Soap3 boxes Argo Starch2 quarls Navy Beans.. .......3 lbs. Pearl HomneyMichigan Potatoes, per pkHeadlight Coal Oil, per gallon3-pound can Pork and BeansCalifornia Fancy Prunes, per lb24-lb. sack Purity Flour, best madeSTONE'S CAKES.IFEE'SI Am Offering Some VerySPECIAL PRICESOn My EntireDAVE N PO RTLINEtFor Gash Buvers.. I Carry the Very Best Makesr:isrT03srITuckerJ7CUlllsi f25 m.25. .2510 J.35.10 1. .10 912 l-2c ftiTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY,'' JAN.-19, 1 S) j 2 -My Doctor Said"Try Cardui," writes Mrs. Z. V. Spell, of Hayne, N. C."I was in a very low state of health, and was not able tobe up and lend to my duties. I did try Cardui, and soonbegan, to feel better. I got able to be up and help do myhousework. I continued to take the medicine, and now Iam able to do my housework and to care for my children,and I feel as though I could never praise Cardui enoughlor the benefits I have received. -i CarduiThe -WomaifeTonicCardui is successful, because it is made especially forwomen, and acts specifically on the womanly constitution.Cardui does one thing, and does it well. That explainsthe great success which it has had, during the past 50 years,in helping thousands of weak and ailing women back tohealth and happiness.If .you are a woman, feel tired, dull, and are nervous,cross and irritable, it's because you need a tonic. Why nottry Cardui? Cardui builds, strengthens, restores, and actsin every way as a special, tonic remedy for women. Testit for yourself. Your druggist sells Cardui. Ask him.Write, tar Ladies' Adviscrv Dent. Chatianooea Medicine Co.. Chalianoora. Tenn..for Special Instructions, and 64-pace book, " Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 55 gmmThirty Years Together.Thirty years of association, thinkof it. How the meiitof a good thingstands out in that time or the worth -lessnessof a bad one. So there's nogtiesswork in this evidence of Thos.A riss. Concord, Mich , who writes:"Ihave used Dr. King's New Discovery for 30 years, and its the bestcough and cold cure 1 ever used."Once it finds entrance in a home you-can't pry it out. Many families haveused it forty years. It's the most infallible throat and lung medicine onearth. TJnequaled for lagrippe, asthma, hay fever, croup, quinsy, or soielungs. Price 50e and $1. Trial bottlefree. Guaranteed by Oberdofer.IITHE PARISQuicK iuiieh andBestaurant,The Home of Good Cooking,for Ladies and GentlemenOpen Day and Night.343 Main StreetE. T. Phone 724 PARIS, KY.eHow's This?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of catarrh that cannot be cured by Hairs Catarrh Cure.P. J. CENEY & CO., Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have knownP. J. Cheney for the last 15 years andbelieve himperfectly honorable in allbusiness transactions : an financiallyable to carry out any obligationsmade by his firm.Walding, Kinnan & Marvin,Wholesale Druggists. Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Testimoniais sent free. Price 75c perbottle. Sold by all druggists.Tuke Hall's Family Pills for constipation.NOTICETOii BUTCHERS AND FARMERS!Market Price I anf Paying ForHides:Beef Hides, 10 1-4 to 11 1-2Cents per lb.MAX MUNICK,8th Street, PARIS, KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 374BLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, Without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical ingredents. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucus-patches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All sympthoms healquickly. Blood is mase pure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice given-.Sold by Varden & Son.Low Round TripmsnRATES.Homeseekers' FaresTo points in Arizona, Arkansas,Louisana, Missouri, 'New Mexico,Oklahoma, Texas, Kansas, Nebraska,Montana, 5j Michigan, Wisconsin," Alabama, Florida and Mississippi. Tickets on sale first and third Tuesdays ofeach month with final return limit 25days from date of sale except to destinations in Florida, final limit will he12 days from date of sale. Liberalstopovers allowed in homeseeker territory. We also have on sale daily untilApril 30, 1912. with final return limitsMay 31. 1312 Winter Tourist tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida. Georgia,Louisana, New Meixco and Texas,with liberal stopovers allowed.I For further information, call on orwriteW. K. HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.3TWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentWe Are Showing for Fall and .Winter StrictlyAff-Woo! Worsted, Hand-TailoredSuits at$1 0.00yHandsome new Brown and Grey Worsteds and Cassimeresin the newest models, hand-tailored Suits, worth easily $20,.oar Special $15.Overcoats in every new cut and weave, prices range from$7.50, $10, $12.50, 15, $18 and $20.We have taken the sale agency for the celebrated EmersonShoe, Brockton, Mass. This is the classiest $4 and $5 men'sShoe made.Also the French Shrine hand-made Shoes at $4.The reliable Douglas Shoes 2.50, $3, 13.50.Those rough, fuzzy hairy Hats, $2, $2.5o, 3.Full line of Hawes Van Gal $3 Shoes.Monarch and Lair best $1 Shirts made.Chutt's $1.50 and $2 Shirts, new patterns.Lion Brand slip-easy Collars, 2 for 25c. ;Full line of Trunks, Suit Cases and Hand-bags.mmm L. YYULL3I EilNClothing and Shoe Department.Resolutions oKRespecLiRESOLUTIONS.We learn with regret of the death ofJudge Russell lann, in this(city, on 'January 11, 1912, though he had .filled ;out his allotted time. Judge Mann wat 1born in " Nicholas county, Kentucky, INovember 3; 1839, and vas the son ofEmanuel Mann and Eleanor S. Mann.He was educated in the public schoolsand graduated atMillersburg before theCivil War. During the War he served!in the Confederat army. He graduat-1ed at Transylvania Law School in iMarch, 1868, and shortly thereafter he Iwas admitted to the Bourbon bar. In JHutchcraft; of Bourbon county. Hewas elected County Attorney of Bourbon ccunty m 180, and reelected m1874, and served in that office until 1878.In 1888, he was appointed to fill avacancy in the office of County Attorney, caused by the death of Presley SFord. On Sentefliber 26. 188S. he waselected Judge of Bourbon County by jthe Magistrates of Bourbon county, tofill the vacancy caused by the death ofJudge Matt Turney and at the following August election was elected to theoffice of County Judge, and filled thatoffice until January 5, 1895. On June28, 1905, he was appointed Master Commissioner of the Bourbon Circuit Courtand continued in that office up to thetime of his death. His professionaland official life in our midst covered aperiod of about forty-three years. Hewas a member of the Christian Churcha greater part of his life, and for manyyears an Elder in that church. He wasa man of the highestv integrity andhonor, and enjoyed the esteem and confidence of the general public, throughout his long professional and officialcareer. During all of his professionaland official life no one ever questionedhis sincerity, his honesty and his integrity. In his private life, he was anexemplary husband and father, and acitizen of the highest type. In hisprofessional and official life, ne wasfaithful to every trust. In addition tothe attainments of a substantial education, general and legal, he possessed astore of strong, common sense, whichmade him a good lawyer and a goodjudge on the bench. He "was uniformlypleasant and cordial in his associationwith other members of the bar ind withthe public. His pleasant greeting willbe missed by his associates and hisfriends. He was a courageous man always, and yet very gentle in his disposition, never growing impatient evenwith age and sickness. He was sympathetic in his nature and kind to allwith whom he came in contact. In allquostions affecting the public good, hewas invariably found on the right side.His known integrity and honesty en-,deared him io the general public, andfew men have lived in our communitywho were as universally liked and respected as Judge Mann. He wasPresident of the Bar Association formany years and up to the time of hisdeath. His entire life was spent inour community and he made a strongimpression upon this community forgood. His professional and official lifewas as useful as it was long. Thoughhe is dead, the influence he exerted inthis community for good, will liveforever. Be it accordinglyResolved, That we hereby express,in simple words, to be in keeping withhis unostentatious life, our high appreciation of his worth, his integrity andhis useful life. Be it furtherResolved, That we tender to hisfamily our deepest sympathy; and beit furtherResolved, That we request theBourbon Circuit Court to spread theseresolutions upon its records, and thatthe first day of the next term of the jBourbon Circuit Court be set apart for :memorial services in honor of his mem-ory. Be it furtherResolved, That a copy of theseresolutions!be given each of the newspapers of Paris, with the request theypublish them and that a copy of samebe sent to the family of the deceased.ROBT. C. TALBOTT,DENIS DUNDON,WM. GRANNON,Committee.( International Gasolinet TnATTATTnCIENGINESAll Types of Eusilage and Feed Cutting Machinery.Bourbon Garage & Supply Co.Cor, 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.Professional CardsJ J. WILLIAMS,ATTORNE Y-AT-L A W .Room 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main' Street.Office Phonpq ' 16umee rnones j Home mResidence 5 E. T. 334.ttesiaence ( HomeDR. A. U KELLER xPracticing Physician,OfficesRooms 4. and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckySSIMONEYIK rflGWe tell vounow, and pay best marketTirices. We are dealers; establishedin 1856; and can do BETTER for youthan agents or commission merchants. References any bank in Louisville. Write for -weekly price list.M. SABEL &. SONS2j.22-3t &33 L Market St. LOUISVILLE, KY.Dealers in TUBS. HIDES, WOOL.TILL AT IT!January Clearance SaleIn Dry Goods, Cloaks, Suits,Furs and MillineryNow Going On.Come InWonderful BargainsIn All DepartmentsTWIN BROS.Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckymiALD HEAOSNQTWANBaldness is too Generally Considered a Sign o AdvancedAge.A bald headed yerson does not havean equal chance with one blessed witha healthy head of hair, because" baldness is too generally accepted as anindication of age. Many large corporations have established an age limit,and refuse to take men over 35 yearsof age as new employes.Probably 65 per cent of bald headedpeople may ' regain a good head ofhealthy hair if they will follow ouradvice and accept our offer. We havea remedy that we positively guaranteeto grow hair on any had, unless theroots of the hair are entirely dead,their follicles closed and the scalp hasbecome glazed and shiny. We wantpeople to try this remedy at our risk,with the distinct understanding thatunless it does exactly what we claim itwill, and-gives satisfaction in everyrespect, we shall make no charge forthe remedy used during the trial.We know exactly what we are talking about and with this offer Dack ofour statements no one should scoff;doubt our word or hesitate to put ourremedy to an actual test.We want every one in Paris who issuffering from any scalp or hair trouble dandruff, falling hair or oaldnessto try our Rexall "93" Hair Tonic.We want them to use it regularly sayuntil thrae bottles have been usedand if it does not eradicate dandruff,cleanse and refresh the scalp, tightenthe hair in it roots, and grow newhair, we will return every cent paidus for the remedy for the mere asking.There is no formality expected., andwe exact no obligation from the usertoVirtpvpiv (W are established right here in Paris, and make this offer with a full understanding that our business successentirely depends upon the sort oftreatment we accord our customers,and we would not dare make the aboveoffer unless we were positively certainthat we could substantiate, it in everyparticular. Remember, ycu can obtain Rexall Rsmedies in this community;on!y at our store The Rexall Store;G. S. Varden & Son.The Best ofHome-KilledMeats,Bacon, Lard, Ham,Beef, Pork, Etc.Margolen,LParis, Ky.leiSAS. IfOne of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are Showing.A moderately priced one, too:If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra .effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.i'-.ra.ciiri ! j'ar 'fciv-uimoius, outcan' 'i' -a"" iu jour vji..Olc.'jhue r,i. I,., .;l;t.i JlMmcuntil I you .w tta,a aa.! fctW&1TE A?srCincinnati Men-Specialist CoFOR RENT.Store room on South-west cornerMam and Fifth streets. Immediatepossession. Apply to16 tf J t mwrnxTCol. W. B. Haideman Appointed,Colonel William B. Haldeman, newspaper editor and brother of BruceHpldeman, president of the AmericanNewspaper Association, has been appointed Adjutant General of Kentuckyby Governor McCreary.Colonel Haldeiuan, a Confederateveteran, and former Commander ofthe local .militia regiment, has accepted the post for six months, or untilthe annual summer encampment ofthe Kentucky Guards, explaining thatthis conditional acceptance will permithim to endeavor -to right the "disorderinto which the affairs of the NationalState Guard has fallen." Tady Elliswill ha Assistant Adjutant General.WINTER TOURfST TICKETSTOFLORIDAsAfiD ALL, SOUTHERN gSESOfTf SOrv SALE OAIL.YVIAALLEQUIPMENTELECTRICALLYLIGHTEDDfNiNG CARSSERVINGALL MEALSA LA CARTEGOOD RETURNING' ONTO, MAY 31, 1S12.FDR FOIL PAITIGUIARS. CALL OK ANY TICKET AGfHT, QUEEK & CRESCENT miiOR WHITE- -K. C. KING, PaseQsd Ticket Ajedt, 11 B. Mala St, LEXINGTON, KY. 'i1 '4 ;THE BOURROfl NEWS, - PAWS, KENTUCKY, JAfOS.JlZJTasThe Vision a home all your own?It's a Vision with many a many couple and remains a Vision because they donot know that the Vision this home Vision may readily become a realitythrough the aid of the A. F. WHEELER FURNITURE CO. store.Bring us then your home ideas let's-plan them together Let us make your,home vision a reality.I StovesNow is the time if you are inthe market for Cook Stovesor Heaters. We have reduced the'prices for our January Sale, and prices are cuthalf in two.A. ft. Wheeler Farnittire Co.Coi5biCor. Main and Third Sts.M IT 1 1 II V'7 Z42lf i1$H H 'I BIS S-A LIfortable in your home, no matter what the weather without.The Perfection gives a strong, widespread heat, and gives itquickly. It is always ready for use and burns nine hours on a singlefilling no more trouble than a lamp. It can be carried anywhere ;no pipes, no wires, no Hues ; no smoke, odor or dirt.The heater that gives complete satisfaction.This year's Perfection is finished in either blue enamel or plain steel ; nickeltrimmings ; light and ornamental yet strong and durable as can fee made. All parUeasily cleaned. Automatic-locking flame spreader prevents smoking.Dealers everywhere ; or write to any agency of theStandard Oil Company(Incorporated)Cement For Sale.We have a few barrels of first class Icement left that we will sell below themarket price. iA. 4 A VIU XJ W LIX - Ik V-. - "Parson's Poem a Gem.From Rev. H. Stabenvoll, Allison,la., in praise of Dr. King's New LifePills:'They're such a health necessity.In every home these pills should be.If other kinds vou've tried in vain,USE DR. KING'SAnd be well again,Otily 25c at Qberdorfer's.Duty and Fame."Duty well done is noble; if properly advertised it is . fame' GeorgeHorace Lorlniw. 'Uhis jfcome Vision.JLong 33een 2our Vision?Chif orofoe : :A beautiful AmericaQuarter, highly polished.The thing you will wantfor the room.16.75 up to $38.CHAS. A. GREEN, Mgr.NfM n J?aamti j1 I ViWAUf t I 1 1 r 1 IVHlvVII 1 -v7c:Essential to ComfortERFECTIOWarmth is essential to comfort. As you grow ol&er, it ishardly less essential to health.Get a Perfection Smokeless OilHeater, and you keep warm and .comKill More Than Wild Beasts.The number of people killed yearlyby wild beasts don't approach thevast number killed by disease germs.No life is safe from their attacks.They're in air, water, dust, even foodBut gra ad protection is afforded byElectric Bitters,which destroy and expel these deadly disease germs fromthe system. That's why chills, feveraud ague, all malarial and many blood jdiseases yield promptly to this won-1derful blood purifier. Try them and .enjoy the glorious health and new;strength they'll give you. Money backf not satisfied. 25c at Qberdorfer's.Ends Winter's Troubles.To many winter is a season of trouble. The frost-bitten toes and fingerschapped hands and lips, chilblains,cold sores, red and rough skins.provethis. But soch troubles fly beforeBucklen's Arnica Salve. A trial convinces, Greatest healer of burns,boils, piles, cuts, sores, bruises, eczema andprairs. 25c at Qberdorfer's.I-RockersWe arefoffering for themonth of January somevery low prices onLeather, Solid Oak andMahogany Rockers,$1 .75 up to $28.00Opp. Court Houseise. mOrand Opera at Lexington.It is a long time since Kentuckyhash een treated to a performance ofgrand opera in English, and consequently the coming of the Aborn English Grand Opera Company to Lexington, following it highly successfulengagements in Louisville and Cincinnati, is creating widespread interest inthis part of the State.The company will fgive three performances at the Lexington OpreaHouse onl Monday and Tuesday,January 22 and 23, embracing a repertoire of tnree operas of widely different character, and by three different-4composers. Offenbach's famous operacomique, The Tales of Hoffman."which was one of the most decidedsuccesses of Hammerstein's memorable career at the Manhattan OperaHouse in New York, will be given asthe initial offering Monday night,verdj's immortal "II Trovatore," oneof the most richly melodious and universally popular works of all times,will occupy the Tuesday matinee.Puccini's masterpiece, "MadamButtery," prohably the greatest workof any living composer, and one aboutwhich residents of this part of thecountry have heard a great deal without having an opportunity to see andhear it before, will be given for thethird performance on Tuesday night.The Aborn forces number one hundred singers and Jiusicians altogetherin its double cast, .large chorus andgrand opera orchestra, and carriesseveral carloads of scenery, costumesand effects. The double cast arrangement includes two sets of principal!artists, who alternate with one anoth-ier. each singer appearing at only fourperformances of each week. The ph- ltire array of talent will be heard during the three performances in Lexington, some at one performance andothers at another, including EdithHelena, Jane Abercrobnne, ElaineDe Sellem, Zoe Fulton, Leonars Samoloff, Domenico Russo, Louis Kreidler,Morton Adkins. William SMiintorRPhillip Fein and others, with Carlo'Nicosia as conductor. JOn account of the many inquiries IManager Scott, of the Lexington!upera nouse lias received concerningthis event, he has decided to inaugurate a special system for the filling ofmail orders from music lovers in thecities and towns within convenientdistance of Lexington, and the ordersare coming in rapidly from manypoints within a radius of thirtv orforty miles of that city. Alf mailorders should be accompanied bymoney orders for the requirred amountof seats specified, made out to CharlesScott, Manager Lexington OperaHouse, Lexington, Ky.The price for seats at the two evening performances will be S2 and $1.50on the lower floor, and $1.50, $1 and75 cents in the balcony, while thosefor the Tuesday matinee will be $1.50and $1 on the lower floor, and $1, 75and 50 cents in the baclony.Competence and the Morals.There is no harm in having a, conlpetence, if it does net produce, fattydegeneration of the morals.I The Poolij of Flame j! j W 1 I!j Byfi LODIS JOSEPH VANCEi Illustrations by Ellsworth Young1 .Copyright 1909, by Louis Joseph VanceSYNOPSIS.CHAPTER I. The story opens atMonte Carlo with Col. Terence O'Rourkein his hotel. O'Rourke, a militafy freelance and something of a gambler, isdressing for appearance in the restaurantbelow when the sound of a girlish voicesinging attracts his attention. .Leaningout on the balcony he sees a beautifulgirl who suddenly disappears. He rushesto the corridor to see a neatly gownedform enter the elevator and pass fromsight.CHAPTER II. O'Rourke's ' mind Isfilled with thoughts of the girl, and whenhe goe3 to the gaming table he allows hisremarkable winnings to accumulate indifferently. He notices two men watching him. One is the Hon. Bertie Glynn,while his companion is Viscount DesTrebes, a noted duelist. "When O'Rourkeleaves the table the viscount tells him herepresents the French government andthat he has been directed to O'Rourke asa man who would undertake a secretmission.CHAPTER IIL At his room O'Rourke,who had agreed to undertake the mission,awaits the viscount. O'Rourke finds amysterious letter In his apartment. Theviscount arrives, hands a sealed packageto O'Rourke, who is not to open it untilon the ocean. He says the French government will pay O'Rourke 25,000 francafor his services. A pair of dainty slippers are seen protruding from under adoorway curtain and the viscount chargesO'Rourke with having a spy secretedthere.CHAPTER rv. When the Irishmangoes to his room he finds there the owner of the mysterious feet. It is his wife,Beatrix, from whom he had run away ayear previous. They are reconciled, andopening the letter he had received, hefinds that a law firm in Rangoon, India,offers him 100,000 pounds for an Indianjewel known as the Pool of Flame andleft to him by a dying friend. O'Rourketells his wife that it is in the keepingof a friend named Cha'mbret in Algeria.CHAPTER V. O'Rourke is forced tofight a duel with the viscount. The braggart nobleman is worsted in the combatand acts the poltroon.CHAPTER VI. The loyal wife bidsO'Rourke farewell and he promises tosoon return with the reward offered forthe Pool of Flame. He discovers bothGlynn and the viscount on board theship which takes him to Alfferia.CHAPTER. VII. Chambret has left Algeria and O'Rourke has to gain a military detachment going across the desertto reach his friend. As he finds the latterthere is an attack by bandits andChambret is shot.CHAPTER VIII. Chambrat dies tellinrO'Rourke that he has left the Pool ofFlame with the governor general of Algeria. He gives the colonel a signet ringat the sight of which he says the officialwill deliver over the Jewel.CHAPTER TX. O'Rourke Is attackedbv Glynn and the viscount who ransackhis luggage, but he worsts them In theconflict.Their persistence in hinting thaithey had gained possession of theruby perplexed and discomfited him.He did not believe it; 'twas inconceivable: yet he had known stranger ithings to happen. Still, without ajclue, to haye stumbled upon the se-,cret, to have made off with it from!under the very nose of the Governor-;General ! No; it was not reason-1able to askNhim to believe all that. ;Nevertheless, when he arrived at.Algiers, his anxiety had grown sooverpowering that he called a cab and ,desired to be conveyed post-haste to (the Palace de la Government.CHAPTER X.It was high noon when O'Rourkedrove up before the Palace of theGovernor-General. Weary, dusty andtravel-stained as he was, he hesitatedno instant about sending in his nameand requesting an interview with therepresentative of France's sovereignpower.Disappointment awaited him at thevery outset; disappointment in theshape of word that his excellency wasaway. But the name of O'Rourke wasone well and favorably known in theprovince, and secured him an invitation to ascend to the Governor's officeand state his business if he caredto do so to the gubernatorial secretary. Upon consideration he accepted, anda little later was seated in a broad,low, cool room in the old Moorishpalace, the affable secretary ayoung, lively and engaging Frenchman solicitously sounding him as tohis errand.It was obviously the office of a manof great affairs, presenting an eminently business-like look for all its Oriental setting. To one side, set in thesolid masonry of the wall, was a massive safe with, doors ajar, exposing acavity well stocked with documents.Tt occurred to the adventurer thatsuch a safe might easily have beenthe place of security selected by theGovernor-General for anything he heldin trust. He built upon it a theorywhilst he listened nor lost a, pointand replied to the secretary.The latter regretted excessivelythat his excellency was absent: hisexcellency would undoubtedly be desolated when he returned and found hehad missed Colonel O'Rourke."He'll be back soon, monsieur?""Alas, no!" with a shrug. "He isen route for Paris possibly arrivedby this moment on matters of state.""And he left?""Several days since, monsieur.""You know nothing of this package,Indorsed with tb"e name of Monsieur.Chambret?"To the contrary: the secretary knewit very well. IJe could place-his handupon iz at any moment monsieurwould appreciate that he- durst notsurrender it without the Governor'sauthority;O'Rourke drew a long sigh, of reliefand was abruptly conscious of fatigueand a desire to get away and rest."I'm obliged to ye," he said slowly,rising. "I'll have to wait until theGovernor returns, I presume. . . .By the "way, are ye be any chance acquainted with Monsieur le Vicomtedes Trebes?"But certainly; the vicomte wa3 agreat friend of his excellency's. Hehad dined with his excellency something over a week since, just prior tothe latter's departure."And I take it ye have seen nothingof the gentleman since?""On the contrary, monsieur: the vicomte called here but two days ago."Lt appeared that he had desired someA Frown of Bewilderment Cloudedthe Secretary's Face.trifling information, with which thesecretary had obliged him."Ye didn't' happen to leave himalone in this room?"The secretary, plainly much perplexed by this odd catechism, admitted that such had been the case;the pursuit of the desired data hadnecessitated his absence from the Governor's room for a matter of some tenminutes."But ye say ye can put your handon this package?""But certainly, monsieur."'"Would ye mind making sure 'tissafe.. 'Twould save me a deal ofwaiting, perhaps "With alacrity and a smile that deprecated his visitor's anxiety over sotrifling a matter, the secretary rose,went to the safe and confidentlyenough thrust a hand into one of thepigeon-holes. The hand came forthe,mpy. A frown of hewildermentclouded the secretary's face. "It mustbe here," he announced with conviction. "It was in plain sight and labelled with the name of MonsieurChan:bret . . ." He turned. "IfMonsieur le Colonel wilVbut return inhalf an hour, I undertake then toshow him the packet itself. I shall bythen have found it but assuredly!""Ye are very courteous, monsieur.I will return."This he did in two hours. Thepacket had not been found; the secretary, in a flutter of nerves, confessedthat through some culpable negligenceit must have been misplaced. An extended search was even then in.progress. It would surely come 'tolight before evening."Thank ye; I shan't he back." returned O'Rourke grimly; and wentaway, downcastt for the first timesince the inception of the adventure."Faith! and to think I wozld not believe the truth when they slapped meface with it! And all the time, belike,'twas in the vicomte's own pocket! .. ." But he had no vocabulary adequate to the task of expressing hisself-contempt.Disconsolate, conceiving that he hadproven himself a blind, egregious fool,he plodded with heavy steps and ahanging head back to his hotel; wherethe crowning stroke of the day waspresented to' him in the shape of anote, by the hand of a black Biskriporter."Monsieur le Colonel TerenceO'Rourke Be liand," he comred theaddress. "Faith, and what's this?""If Monsieur le Colonel O'Rourkewill do Monsieur des Trebes the honor of dining with him. at seven orseven-thirty this evening, at the Villad'Orleans, St. Eugene, an arrangementsatisfactory to both himself and Monsieur le Vicomte may be consummated. "R. S. V. P. The bearer waits."A trap? A subterfuge? A trick tothrow him off the scent whilst the twoblackguards escaped with their booty?The adventurer frowned darkly overit. dubious. Then, in a flush of recklessness, he seized a sheet of paperfrom a near-by desk, scrawled aformal acceptance of the strange invitation, and handed it to the Biskri boy."All to gain, naught to lose," he summed up the Etate of mind which haddictated his response; and at sixthirty, with brow and eye serene,, heleft the hotel in a carriage hound forthe suburb of St. Eugene and heavenknew where besides!CHAPTER XI.The Villa d'Orleans proved to he ahandsome house of white stone, situated in extensive and well-groomedgrounds, on a height outside the town,overlooking the Mediterranean. Socomplete and elegant seemed the establishment, indeed, viewed from without or within, that O'Rourke's suspicions. ,were stimulated and his' Qertaiatycuat ne was using played rlth r'3oed into a- pretty de5r.it cenvictionas he waited in the trjoad. hallway.It was inconceivable that a man HI:e -DesTrebes; so reduced as toT'be uhvder the necessity of stealing trea oCstealing so considerable a sum as a. "hundred thousand pounds could maintain so imposing an establishment.His uneasy conjectures were interrupted when the vicomte appeared towelcome his guest. Suave, dressed -properlyfor the occasion, shewingtaces neither of fatigue nor of hisantipathy for O'Rourke, blandly ignoring the peculiarities of the situation swhich his own inexplicable invitation,had created, he presented himself iathe guise cf a gracious host."Monsieur," h9 declared, Lowing' tO'Rourke (hut with a care riot tooffer his hand) v "overpowers me" withhis condescension and punctuality. J.can only regret" with a significantglance at the bulge of the adventurer's coat "that he thought it wise tcome armed."" 'Tis a habit I find it hard to breafcmeself of." O'Rourke offered, jtho Inadequate explanation in a dry andcoolish tone."It was unnecessary, I assure monsieur." "Faith, I'm convinced 'twill provso."Tactfully the vicomte digressedfrom the unpleasant topic. "I haveasked you here, monsieur," he saidwith an air of deprecation, "to conrerwith me on business after we ha,vedined. I trust the arrangement suft,your convenience.""I'm content, monsieur.""I regret that circumstances prevent me from receiving you undermy own roof-tree. The Villa d'Orleansis the property of a dear friendmerely loaned me during my stay laAlgiers.""Ye're fortunate in your choice orfriends."Over his next remark Des Trebes.faltered a trifle, with a curious smilethat O'Rourke failed to fathom. "Mon-sieur Glynn," he said, "is ah a trifleindisposed the sun. Nevertheless, Ibelieve he will join us during dinner,if you will be so kind as to excusehim ?""I could dp very well without him."The vicomte caught the eye of a,servant, and, "Dinner is announced,"he said. "Do me the honor to accompany me to the table."In the course of timeas the vicomthad predicted, "the Honorable Bertljoined them; and on sight O'Rourkediagnosed the "indisposition" 'as plain,intoxication. The Englishman wasdeep in his cups, far too deep to apethe urbanity of his host. He favoredO'Rourke with a curt nod and a surlylook, then slumped limply into a chairand called for champagne, which hotdrank greedily and with a sullen airavoiding the vicomte's eye. Beforedessert was served he passed into a.black humor, and sat mutely glowering at his . glass (what time he wanot unsteadily filling it) without regard for either of his companions.When the cloth was cleared andthe servants had withdrawn, Des Trebes definitely cast aside pretence. A.cigarette between his lips, he lounged'in his chair, eyelids drooping overeyes that never left his guest's whileeither spoke. A cynical smile prefaced his first words."So," he said, "the farce is oyer.Some regard for the conventions wasrnecessary before the servants of myfriend, the owner of this villa. Now;we can he natural, Monsieur le Colonel." "Be all means; I cannot say I fouadthe play diverting, despite the skill Cyour friend's chef. I gather ye wiskto get to business? Well I'm waiting." O'Rourke pulled at a cigar,honoring the man with a cat-like attention. He had no longer to watch,the honorable; the latter had wilfully relieved him of the necessity."You have been then," pursued thevicomte, without further circumlocution, "to the palace of Monsieur letGouverneur-Generale?""I have unfortunately a few daystoo late, it seems.""You are satisfied ?""I'm satisfied that the Pool offFlame has been stolen.""Then you will probably "believerme when I declare myself the malefactor. It was an easy matter: Ipurposely brought up the name of.Chamhret in conversation with theGovernor and by him was informedof the existence of the packet which.O'Rourke Whipped Hilt to Chin WithConsummate. Grace.of course, I had already surmised.Afterward . . . the" secretary wa.absent, the safe open, the name catkene ket stared me in the facel "Btot:could I do?"rQ6nlinued.ini onrijSextl .THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 19, 1912JANUARY CLEARANCE SALE3Has Made a Hit It is right that it should, for never before in the history of Paris has there been such a sale, where all the seasonable merchandise is offered at suchreductions. No old carried-over stuff, but the newest of this season's styles and patterns are offered, the reliable kind that we have always sold.15As5!3ft!in1Him.11Fit IfttiSi8. (if4Men's Suits.Included in our stock are allthe latest patterns and stylesof suits. Not a single suit inour house reserved. All blacksand blues included.Most stores when having asale exclude their stock ofblacks and blues we includeevery one of them.$10.00 Suits now $ 7.9812.50 Suits now 9.9815.00 Suits now 11.9817. 50 Suits now 13. 9820.00 Suits now 14.9822.50 Suits now 16.9825.00 Suits now. 18.9827.50 Suits now 21.9830.00 Suits now 23.9835.00 Suits now. J 27.98?Suits, Overcoats, Hats, Gaps, Trousers, Shirts,Sweaters, Furnishings,AII at Reduced Prices.To Clean Up one lot Shirts, $ 1 .00 to $1.25 grades, includingwhite and all fancies, sizes 14 to 17. Choice 55c.-oDyrinlitThe Home of tluppenheimerChicagoManhattan Shirts.You'll find nowhere a betterselection of this Veil made andbest fitting shirts than here.$1.50 Shirts $1.152.00 Shirts . . . 1.452.60 Shirts 1.55Keystone Corduroys.AT REDUCTIONS.To clean up our stock ofCorduroys, we offer this wellknown brand at a great savingto you.$3.00 Keystone Corduroys $1.954.00 Keystone Corduroys 2.933.50 Keystone Corduroys 2:455.00 Keystone Corduroys 3.93utf ur -vs -v-vy -TO CLEAN OUT.$2.50,$3.00,$3.50HATS,Choice, $2.00.50c Underwear now 39c. Fleece Lined and Ribbed Balbriggan.Men's Pur Lined Caps, 75c, $1.00, $1.50 grades now 50c.One lot of Wool Underwear, Shirts and Drawers, $2.50 to $3.00grades, now $1.50.All Fancy Hosiery Reduced. 50c quality 25c; 25c quality 15c.COME THIS WEEK TO THE GREATEST SALE EVER HELD IN PARISJ. W. DAVIS & COMEN'SOVERCOATSof all kinds. Some doublebreasted with belts, Chesterfields, Raglans, Presto andConvertible Collars. Also Cra-venettes.$10.00 Overcoats now12.50 Overcoats now15.00 Overcoats now17.50 Overcoats now20.00 Overcoats now22.50 Overcoats now25.00 Overcoats now27.50 Overcoats now30.00 Overcoats now35.00 Overcoats now40.00 Overcoats now7.98- 9.9811.98- 13.984- 14.98- 18.98- 18.98- 21.98- 23.98- 27.98- 32.98120 Dozen 50cOveralls, now39cI I , ! I 1 IIMILLERSBURG ITEMS.Mrs. Russell Powell and sister, MissEthel Collins, were in Paris Thursday.Services Sunday morning and evening at the Methodist and Presbytrianchurches by their pastors. 'Messrs. Elgin and Sherley Dalzell,of North Midletown, were guests of'Mr, F. P. Hurst and family last week.The Lu & N. water tank at this pointhas been frozen the greater part ofthe time during the recent cold weather. Mrs. G. R. Clarke and children, ofDetroit, Mich., arrived Monday asguests of mother and grandmother.Mrs. Louie Clarke.Mrs. Belle Armstrong, of Lexington,was the guest of Mrs. F. A. HerbertFriday and Saturday. She was enroute" to Indianapolis, Ind., to join herdaughter. Miss Mary Armstrong, whois teaching there.Mrs. John Adams Stitt, aged 84,died.Saturday at h'er home near HoUt-town of paralysis of the brain The.remains were interred Monday at SaltWell.; She is survived by her husbandand several children.Mr. D. R. Wells and family of Nashville, Tenn., will arrive Saturday asguests of his brother, Mr. M. P. Wellsand family. "for her years. Among those out oftown present were the daughters ofMrs. M. R. Collier, Mrs. W. G. McLocal Weather ConditionsCold wave coming Friday or Friday!Size of 1911 Hurley Crop.Capt. S. E. Brown received theMaster Mason Degree at the meetinguf Amty Lodge No. 40 F. & A. M.Mrs. Thomas McClintock isthe sick.Mrs. J. A. Miller, whoquite ill, shows no improvement.M essrs. J. J. Peed and Bert McClin-174,800,000 poundsThf tpmnprfltno ic nnf avnanfor) f -HTnOnO' ltrifl A l vaao I lUtYCl Ltiail LCIl UKUI HIIIiVK ' H ff I ' i ni-rn nnn(however, and then this slight cold 5 Vs Tn S"has been 'snaP will be followed by another warm , dS " iyUJwave. I"b ui. tun iiiciauii; Llial ISi r j? . . . . ....I " oi.u ocii i.ijini- tying iram tne west coast or. tne uulf. tonk attended f.mirh at Mt. St.prlintr 1 Mav;nn -.. ri.n tj,,Tuesday night. The work was done 'Monday. " 3, 3UJMrs. D.H. Chivester.of Portsmouth, i J?w temperature that now, prevail onThe manv friends nf Miss Marv Belle , ().. is the truest of her cnnsin. Miss ine nortnwest side ot this Jine are exWalker will be glad to learn that she i Curlie Insko.in 1911 asin 1910 andArrested on Larceny Charge.is improving nicely. Miss Walker re- jsides at Lexington and is a frequent!visitor of Miss Ethel Johnson. She isquite popular here and has a largecircle of friends. jOliver Hazelrieer. white. Will hatried before Squire Thomason in Mill--twr-Ki.t.. C A 1 -pected to reach Kentucky late Friday, , Jt char ihnf- n Uno roo ne io, ianc 9nar8ing nim with petit larceny.Special Clubbing Rate for 60Days.By special arrangement the News isenaDled to furnish the most attractiveciuoDing rate ever put before the pub-i u iFor tne next 60 days we wiI1 offerj the Daily Chicago Exaimner, recogniz-. ed as one of the foremost journals of: the United States in connection withI theBourbon News, for one year forS3. 75. This is, a great opportunity tosecure both papers at a great reduction. All subscriptions should be sentto the News. tfIt L ll. - iTMr. Abe Campbell, o Lintot 'mt IntoThhirrS Hazelrie? it is alleged had been steal!wus me guebL yesceruay ol rostmascer here is expected to rise agau. a. repper.is not thought that the coldMiss Calla Lee McNamara was call-1 be "e,arly so severe as theed to North Middletowri Wednesday on ,enue"account of the illness ot a little cousin. IHas No Right To Take Over' ' m asLetton's near Jackstown. A few ; rronPEWdVK WI I :u. - j .one iii 'V t ""Lb it is saia ne made a raid on COmpanjeS.one ju3t tlje coai pile am was fired , jPUBLIC SALor aMrs. M. P. Collier entertained theimmediate members of her family witha dining Tuesday, the occasion being Mrs. .A. S. Best has returned from ithe fiftieth anniversary of the mar- j week's visit to her parents, Dr. and!nape uf her mnther. Mrs. M. R. C'nl- i Mrs. Alex Run for. nt Vhinrfnri ilier, Mr. Collier died several years! T. ... - . The Court of Appeals yesterdayago. Mrs. M. R: Collier is in excel-' Q ?f,Mr, Carlt0" Bal , overruled the petition for rehearing inlent health and is exceedingly active ?h"t,?.Sc ? if- d i ? theh the noted merger appeal of the L. &tne News of his appointment as dany I N. railroad company against the Com-. expert for the Southern railway. He ! rnonwealth. Krankli n. thn cnnrl-. hauinirI will receive his final instructions Sat- J decided last year that the Louisvillejurday and will enter oh his. duties and Nashville had no right to buy orFebruary 1. i take over the Frankfort and Cincin-nati railroad extending from Frankfortto raris, because it is a competingnnn nv nj man by the name of tfodkins, who was; watching the coal. The charge fromBodkin's shotgun took effect in the !: 3'de of Hazlrigg's vehicle and several ;' snot struci: the horse. A mmnf ino Tu: z tensive"3ucu j-uj- '" anetiL, anci nis case Will 'come up before Squire Thomason to-morrow.fnsarc with VV. O. Hinton.paying non - uniontfBg Comprehensive. ."Talk to tl:e poiat, ,ail stop whenyou bsive reached it.,v?Be oomnre-in all you sav- or wrif. Tofill a volume ah'out riotiiiing is a creditto nobody." John Xeal".The heavy snow and recent coldweather has dealyed all trains on theSplendid Bourbon County FarmHaving tleeided to quit farming, I will sell at public outcry onTUESDAY, JANUARY 23, 1912, AT 2 O'CLOCK, P. M.jON THE PREMISESAJaysville division of the L. & N..Monday night extra freight No. 97pulling twenty cars, stalded here nearthe bridge and it took three engines to; get it,on the siding in order that thej northbound passenger train due at 6 :35j might pass. The passenger train wasdelayed for more than three hours.Mine. Under the decision the L. & Nwill have to give up the ownership and 1control of the F. & C. An 'appeal to ithe United States Supreme Court may 'be taken. i410-AcreTractof Blue Grass LandiBuys Suburban Home.Mr.iay iium ui Co aures, sauaieu six nines west or fans, ivy., on tue ueorge- Mr. James W. whalev old totown pike, lhe farm will be ottered m five tracts, as follows: j Chas. Clendenin his small farm situat-Tract No. 1 Lyins: on the Elizabeth Station Dike and containing En ' ed nn rhp nHnfnnu?ii0 u:a-ures, mure vr less, ui sjjienuiu lanu in a mgn staie oi cultivation. It- iswell fenced and -watered and has a comfortable five-room house, and a 20acre tobacco barn.Tract No. 2 Lying on the Georgetown pike and Elizabeth Stationturnpike, contains 50 acres of land, of which there is none better in thecounty. It has two tenant houses, fencing good, and an extra fine spring.Tract No. 3 Fronting on the Georgetown Dike and extending" hao.lr mthe P. & G. R. R. , contains 50 acres, 30 acras being 16 year old Blue Srasssod, and balance in wheatTracts Nos. 1, 2 and 3 will be offered separately and then as a whole,and bst bid accepted.Tract No. 4 Fronting on Georgetown pike and extending to F. & C.R. R., contains 60 acres, more or less, 11 acres of virgin soil, balance in rye,wheat and stubble. It has a 10-acre tobacco barn and a good rock pool.Tract No. 5 Extending from Georgetown pike to F. & C. R. R., contains 152 acres, more or less, 20 acres of virgin soil, 25 acres of old Blue Grasssod, balance in highest state of cultivation. The improvements consist of alargeframe residence, newr 15 acre tobacco barn, stock barns, and otheroutbuildings. All improvements are comfortable, convenient and in firstclass repair. It has two large rock pools, one being the best in the county.; Tracts Nos. 4 and 5 will be offered separately and then as a wnole, andbast bid accepted.This is a beautiful country home, and 362 acres of the very bestlandinthe county, on one of the best roads, convenient to school and railroad, anF. & C. stationjbeing at the corner of farm. Every foot of this farm' willgrow -excellent tobacco.TERMS One-third cash, balance-in three equal payments, due in one,Cwo and three years, deferred payments bearing interest at the rate of 6 percentT and a lien retained on land until paid. Positive sale, no reserve.W. C. FERGUSON.COL GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.For further information address Harris & Speakes, Paris, Ky.cicy. ine tract contains about tenacres and is well improved. The pricepaid was 53,400. Mr. Clendenin, whodisposed of his grocery in this city,will move to the farm.Unkind."Bliggins thinks he is keeping hislight under a bushel. w "Perhaps heis wise," replied .Miss Cayenne; "hislight is probably so small that itwould go out if he let a draft get toit"ATNonsense That Deceives. j"Nonsense when earnest is impres-sive and sometimes takes you in. If jyou are in a hurry, you occasionallymistake it for sense." Disraeli.PUBLIC SALESees Effect of NewspaperLoyally.As Executor of Chas. Hall, deceased, I will sell at public auction onthe premises, located five miles north-east of Georgetown, Ky., on the Am-j merman dirt road, a few hundred yards from the Newtown and Oxford turnpike, miles from Oxford and 1 miles from Newtown, onBlue Grass Magnates to Meet.President Willi am Neal, of the BlueGrass League, has set the date of aspecial meeting of the directors of theleague to meet in Lexington today.The schedule will then be drafted andthe result of the revision of the constitution and by laws as amended by Mr.Neal, will be reported. It is practically certain that the schedule will be thesame as last year, when Lexington,Frankfort, Maysville, Wicnhester,Richmond and Paris were in theleague. President J. W. Bacon, ofthis city, will attend the meeting.Wednesday, Jan. 31, 1912, at 10 O'Clocka. m.- v.liw,i.o Aium j icmio as giuwu m uub uiiuime. xl nas on it tnree ten-whfhiAf frfi i ant h0llSGS With oufcbuildinS two tobacco barns, large enough to house 30am. . This T is due f acrfs ormoi'e of tobacco, is well fenced, and well supplied with water fromnil r mi m i ,ine ijouisvine limes eviaentiy seesthe effect of loyal support of the newspapers in the Blue Grass League whenit says:"Tim nniT.nnnnnun -t-U ." Z L. 'iicwapapcia uvci me uiicuilgive the. league loyal support Win- the farm of deceased, and containing 410 acresChester. Paris. Richmond, Lexington.; Th;Bfa,m w, ........ - . . .Maysville and Frankfort cannot com- , " aLC" AU L iue uras section or iventucky has aplain of any editorial 'knockers.' We limestone soil and is especially adapWl to the production of tobacco, henm.read all the State exchanges from the , corn and such small grains as grown in this climate. It has on it three ten-riiue ijrass Lieague, ana we naveto find one paperfnr f-.np. hnnif? team.local ownership, and the fact that none ! springs and ponds.of the clubs have a policy of conceal- j All of the farm at present is in blue grass, timothy and clover with.SthJhS Smfo Th P.i,. ! fch,e,exceP of about 100 acres, which is mostly in small grain. This landGrasa League is now in a nrosoerous i ali iays weli ancl tne Peculiar favorable qualiticondition. It is one of the mostflourishing organizations of its size inthe country. It is fortunate in havingsuch men as Messrs. Sheets andYancey at Lexington ; Bacon, at Paris;Russeii, at Mayvsille, and Heingtonat Richmon J, to take an active interest in the game. One sould go aheadand name a dozen men in every city of !the circuit who are willing to spendtheir own money regardless of probable returns to give their town a winning team." .':ties of its soil makes it an idealj tract of land for both agricultural and stock purposes.Prospactive purchasers from a distance who desire to inspect the farmbefore day of sale may call on Auctioneer B. B. Peak at Georgdtown, or forfurther desired information may call or Write the undersigned.Terms will be made known on day of sale and will be made to suit thepurchaser.J. Ml. HALL, Executor rof Chas. Mall, deceased.B.; B. PEAKAuctibneer.PARIS, Ky.ft -