fzl'jM tiiitt- JjSfImrmr fgaw. msimmm m ,i .y fr,h i uHl,J - 1(11 MiPIPI!PlgitfTOTiiiiJiiij. MPpHjpwi.jte.THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1912J"f"&iMiOHHi Wl- TT Ui tfi-Sw"S lCUMl-UiiOn AHLOW SHOESBeginning This Week We Will Reduce all HANNAN and NETTLETON OXFORDS, and also Ladies'Pumps and oxfords.IWe have a great many WHITE SHOES and PUMPSin Nubuck and Canvas that will be greatly reduced.These will -be for CASH ONLY.IGEO. McWILLIAMS,LPhones 301The Shoe ManImm&4MMAA9HOT WEATHERSPECIALSw ttt:W Boiled Hamsa Minced HamDried BeefBologna$ Imported Swiss Cheese$ Brick CheeseJ Pimento Cheeseits New York Cheesej Water Melons andCantaloupes on Ice.$ft BLUE RIBBON FLOUR$ 25-IbSack 80cw 50-lbSack $1.60w 100-lbSack $3.20I TcriiMiuiNrCash Grocery.& Both Phones 234fC. . . .........rg-WISjrililpa yJL7yISk&3rtfcr"Ne"wwrKse?.-.'4-lFall Hats!In all the latest colors andshapes, included areImported Velourfimmmfile5TE53i .( f ArigCyed&?3Boys9 School Suits, Caps andOdd Pants.PR16E & 60. 610tlll6Pand Furnishers.,. ... .uiwi. -i.v- ..waV' u.&g.r&.&iSsSg3aKii- ;rC-y-wt4rvL?tj-JLr-w o-i'lr-yiiy-rpf -v j..t:vi ivir.yi,! i;.i,u i AiiitJ7tfK&gWSSSa-'-111??iIXVlT5WSkIPSrSstisi?-SS2?MiSSurrounded in Field Negro Surrenders.Surrounded by a sheriff's posse composed of twenty-five men, armed withshotRunB, and finding resistance useless before such ovewhelming odds,Mack Jones, colored, charged withthe muredyr of Murray Jones, alsocolored, Tuesday afternoon, surrendered to the authorities aitnr employing clever tactics to effect his escacefrom the cornfield on the farm of Mr.Hal Woodford, on the Winchester pikeat the edge oftown, in which he hadconcealed himself following the killing. The information concerning the location of Jones was obtained throughthe capture of a colored toy who hadbeen carrying meals to the negro inthe field. The boy was taken into custody by Deputy Sheriff 'J. 0. Marshall,after he had received information thatthe boy was seen to enter thp fieldfrom the negro suburb, of Claysville.At first he denied any knowledge ofthe whereabouts of the fugitive, butlater gave the offices the desired .information and the posse was immediately formed and a strong guardthrown around the field to pervent hisescape.The officers sent for the bloodhoundsof Caytain Muilikin, in Lexington, andit was their intention to turn theminto the field, but the nego was takenbefore the arrival of the dogs. Joneswas said to be heavily armed and itwas reported that he had said hewould not surrender without a battle.When taken into custody he was without a weaDon.Shortly after the arrival of a number of the posse, Jones, seeing himselfin a dangerous position, perhapsthought escape would be better than abattle and was evidently concealed inthe coin a short distance from theroad, when the men arrived. Stationing themselves on the west side of thecornfield, some distance apart, a closewatch was kept by the members ofthe posse and the negro, thinking, perhaps, thereiwas no guard in the road,made an attempt to ecsape, whichwould have been successful had noDeputy Sheriff Ernest Martin with anautomobile containing several armedmen. put in his appearance fcthe moment the negro made the dash for theroad.The men in the automobile saw themovement, and the negro took refugeunder a clump of bushes in the cornerof fhejfield. He was covered by halfa dozenfshut guns and ordered to comeout. He protested his innocence, andclaimed he was not the man wanted,and said he had left him concealed inthe field only a few minutes before.Howevar, he was landed in jail, andwitnesses to the shooting were secured, who identified him as the manwho murdered Murray Jones. Laterhe admitted having fired the fatal shot.He was taken before Judge DenisDundon and his examining trial 'setfor Monday morning.The killing, of which Jones is accused, occurred Tuesday afternoonabout four o'clock, in Griffith's woods,in the southeastern .suburb of Paris,and was the result of a difficulty ;overa game of cards. A number of negoeswere in the game, which was beingplayed for money and according to eyewitnesses to the affair, was entirelyunprovoked on the part of the murdered man.The victim, it is said, took the placeof Jones, who had retired from thegame, and was playing cards with several companions. Jones, returning,demanded his place but his remarkswere not heeded, and without warninghe fired the contents of a shotgun intothe side of hi3 victim, who was kneeling on the ground.Alter tne snooting tne gun waslhanded to a man who took it to thehome of Betty Scott, m Claysville,who was told to sell it and keep theproceeds. JJThe negro who did theshooting left the scene with his companions. The charge from the gun tookeffect in the groin of the victim, andwhen found was helpless. He wassuffering intense pain, but gave theofficers a description of the man whofired the shot. The injured man wasremoved to the home of a coloredwoman in Claysville where he diedTuesday evening about 6 o'clock.It is said the negro murderer hadpreviously killed a man at a construction camp on the L. and.N. He iB wellknown in police circles," having beenarrested recently alter a desperatefight with;Patrolman Fred Link, during which the officer used hia clubfreely injan effort to subdue him.Coroner Rudolph Davis will hold aninquest tomorrow morning, and anumber of witnesses having been summoned who were eye-witnesses to theaffair. The remains of the nego wereburied in the Paris colored cemeteryyesterday morning.Paris Boy Killed by Train.Elmer Smith, of this city, aged 18years, was killed at Butler at 2 o'clockTuesday morning when he fell beneaththe wheels of 'a freight train whichit is believed he attemped to board.The news of his death reached hisfamily in this city Tuesdav morning.Smith, who was the son of Mrs. IdaSmith, resided on Fifteenth street, inthis city, Jiad been employed with asection crew on the Louisivlle & Nashville railroad, was en route to Covington to visit relatives and with a viewof securing employment for the winter. At Butler he alighted from thetrain and was not seen again until hismangled remains were found by aswitchman.fcklt is the opinion that in attemptingto board the train he fell beneath thewheels and was ground to death. Hisbrother, George Smith, an engineer onthe L. & N., was notified of the accident, and the family went to Covington Tuesday night, where the remainshad been taken to the home of abrother residing In.that city. " - ""WE KNOW HOW"fThe "Who-Made-Them-For-Yott"Kind of ClothesThey excite the flatteringcomment of your friendsthe homage men pay to styleand fit.Our Clothes have thatlook the expensive tailorlook and they cost no morethan ordinary clothes boughtelsewhere.Particularly seasonablestyles for fall wear. Tryone to-day.i .""V-1t-fMitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to Mien Paris, Kentucky:i$$$!jL anni mm imuimim nil uiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiniiiiiu'iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiimiwa I iFRANK & COS igf S3The Store Where Reliability Reigns.M3InimitableAutumnConceits$ A jfa7EYOU have never seen such an extraordinary and charming gathering ofAutumn suits, dresses and coats as weare now displaying.The styles, with the many distinctive novelties they embody, will measure up to your most critical desires. Parismodes are brought to your door.sAvkFRANK & iC9m-- 1Paris,Kentuckyvfe?!?SniiiHmimiiiiiffimnmmiasiimi imiitiinjiimmiiHiiimnniinmiiiniii AfmmmmmmwmmwMMmmMmmmQQQ&IStHIPsJIfi". .iTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 20 1912.Suitto OrderS UNIONSsMADEISWe Also DoDYECLEANING,PRESSING,REPAIRING.Besfc WorkISKm!BIBBIBBIBEliBIBIBBIB?KIM.mmMXMGuaranteed.SJ IIBBIBIBIBI!!BIBBIBIBIBMMwnssmThomas Bros, si!5E!S2!S5!55ssjKjjrraiBim BiuwiuMiMMijiKIBIlBKIBIPublic Sale!;FJ2i will, as administrator of Isaac P.''Cihanslor, deceased, offer for sale onache premises, one half mile south ofjiMillersburg, Boarhon county, Ky., onSatnrday, Sept. 28th, 1912,tat 10 oclock a. m,, the following prophearty: I bay work horse.1 bay buggy horse,1 black buggy mare,"si black draft work and brood mare,'with colt by her side that is sold for125,"2 milch cows and calves,3 yearling steers,About 90 head of red Jersey Durocfiaogs,1 aged Jersey Duroc boar,4 young Jersey Duroc boars,2 buggies,JL surrey,XL runabout,resets of buggy harness,-.S sets of work harness,1 two-horse wagon and wagon frame..1 two-horse cultivator."JL two-horse corn planter,1 two horse Randall harrcw.l2 mowing machines,-2L dump cart,JL hay rake,1 binder,2. frame fur housirg green tobacco,1 bellows, anvil and set of blacktssnith. tools,Break and double shovel olows andsail other implements and tools found. -on a. farm,- 4 tGarpets,..Household and kitchen furniture,V 1 kitchen range,.1 1 incubator and broo-er.1 philo.Lot of bav in rick,."Lot of old corn in crib,-.About 25 acres of new corn,vGats in stack and barn."TERMS. Made known on day ofjsale. ,' -J. C. JEFFERSUN, Administrator, Also at the same time and place,'-"Saturday, Sept. 28th, 1912,at 10 o'clock a. m., as agent for&eirs of Rachael J. (Jhanslor and Isaa?. Chanslor, I will sell thefarm, Consisting of About 137Acres.Said farm lies on the south of MilSersburg, about one half mile fromtown on the east side of the Lexingtonand Maysville turnpike ; the L. & N.railroad running along west side. Thisis one of the most desirable farms inihe county. It has on it a two-storyshriek house, with new roof and is inrgood condition ; a tobacco barn andwarehouse, with plank floor and coodiobacco screw ; stable, corn crib, buggyhouse, chicken house, smoke houseand splendid ice house, three cellars ;Jso teneraentjhouse. two cabins, andilhe best spring in the county, and two'43ther fields with never failing water.This farm is well fenced and is in as.-good a neighborhood as anyone couldwish, and can all be plowed. There isabout 35 acres in corn and the rest in..-grass. Anyone wishing a home willwmake a great mistake if they don't attend this sale, as there is no better situation onlthe Lexington and Maysvilleturnpike, and is in one half mile oftwo of the best scnools in the State,both male and female colleges andonly 7 miles from Paris. It will be. sold as a whole, or dividpd to suit purcchasers. 'TERMS. Made known on day ofJ.' C. JEFFERSON, Agent for.Heirs."Running up and down stairs, sweeping and bending over making beds willnot make a woman healthy or beautijCul. She must get out of doors, walkxa mile or two every day and takeChamberlain's Tablets tojmprove her'digestion and regulate f her bowels.For sale by.all dealers.BH ffifliV Bf iiixiiBIB18IBSIMamVBPBl .n f iBbWMSB E-m-L--L -aB.Brvat a I ff r y9Z3WFIN THE JUNGLES OF MALAYHunter of White Rhinoceros HasDangerous Foe to Contend WithAnimals Attack Man.Singapore. Of the three great islands of the Malay peninsula, as a biggame resort, Sumatra is said to beth best, Borneo the worst. In Sumatra all the great mammalian varietiesare to be found, the tiger, the elephant, rhinoceros! tapir, orang-outangand slamang. In Java, the elephant,tapir and orang-outang are missing, but 'the rhinoceros and tiger are represented. In Eorneo all these large animalsare unknown now, though doubtlessthey existed there in former days.Sumatra offers less inducements tothe general order of visitors than theother two mentioned above for several reasons.The Shikari will find the travelingvery bad in such regions as haveno roads. For hours, sometimes, he.vj. -oococ?xy&&&Xs "VS.Malayan Belle.will have to wade waist deep in slimyslush, not infrequently finding himself, like the Irishman in the story,"up to the ankles in mud," but, ashe forgot to mention, "head downwards." Added to this, he must beprepared to view everything througha perfect haze of mosquitoes. Such isthe home of the white rhinoceros, andthither the hunter must venture whowishes to get a shot at him. This, itmay be remarked, is by no meanssynonymous with bagging his pachydermatous majesty. Indeed, he oftenerthan not turns the tables on his pursuer. This monster is said to be the onlyanimal that "will attack man unprovoked, and considering that, unwieldythough he looks, he can go as fast a.sa horse, the encounter is no joke. Theretreating hunter's best course is .'ftseek safety up a tree; though, unlessit is a pretty stout one, this will notbetter his position much. Even if itis, he may be "treed" there for a considerable time. Unless a European isquite fever-proof and provided withspecial firearms, this branch of sportis better left untried.Monkeys abound in endless varietyin all these islands, but especially inBorneo. The peacocks, pigeons of various kinds, and a very handsomepheasant, also several water birds,waders and lovely kingfishers. , Thereare said to be no less than 240 species of land birds known to inhabitthis isle of Java, while at least 40 arepeculiar to it. On the other hand, noless than 16 genera found in the adjacent island are absent from this one.Rhinoceroses, leopards, wild dogs andother small game are to be met, anddeer are abundant, but there are noantelope or goats.NEW CURE FOR LOCKJAWBaltimore Physician's Treatment Successful in Nine Cases HeHas Tried.Baltimore, Md. The survival ofBernard Myerly, nine years old, a victim of lockjaw resulting from a stonebruise, has increased Interest in themethod of treatment used in the caseof Dr. Pearce Kintzing. This is theninth of a series of lockjaw cases inwhich Dr. Kintzing and his assistantsat the Franklin Square hospital haveused a new plan of treatment withsuccess.The Myerly boy, as well as the other victims of the, disease, had seriousattacks, marked by stiffness of theneck, locking of the jaws and convulsions. The remedy is a solution ofphenol of ten per cent strength, diluted to suit the cases and administered by hypodermic injections deepinto the muscles.The Injections are made at intervalsof about three hours at the start, withi longer intervals as the patients ralI lied. The full adult dose used is equivI alent to about one grain of pure crystalline phenol, ten drops of the tenper cent, solution. To avoid soreness,in some cases one-half of the solutiondiluted is injected and then the otherhalf injected in another place.Lives 33 Days on Water Diet.East St. Louis, 111. In an effortto reduce weight, Miss Lizzie Verlin of this city has lived on adiet of cool water 33 days. June 21,when she began her fast, she weighed211 pounds. Now she balances thescales at 192. .If T. R. Could Only See This.Kew York. Charles Knobeck ofBrooklyn says he has a hen that layseggs with a watch dial designed onthem and then she cackles like a-w.--. TV ' ..- . . v.jC- 'aVxsV;gaK&s58&T Eg: STHE .BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and PridayOne Year. . . .$2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right o? publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered, for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.DEMOCRATIC TICKET.For President,HON. WOODROW WILSON,of New Jersey.For Vice-President,HON. THOS. R. MARSHALL,of Indiana.For Congress,HON. J. CAMPBELL CANTRILL,of Scott county.Oppression.Further evidence of how the multimillionaire woolen trust . magnates"protect" their employees in returnfor sufneient'protection to allow themto overcharge 90,000,000 American consumers on every article of clothingthey buy, is revealed in the arrest inLawrence, Mass., of William M. Wood,head of the woolen trust.Mr. Wood is charged with placingdynamite in the homes of his $5, $6and 7 a week foreign millwurkers inan attempt to discredit their causewhile they were on a strike last winteras a protest against a reduction oftheir wagea.Mr. Wood's arrest is worthy of theattention of every man, woman andchild in the country who wears woolensBecause of the fact that Mr. Wood andhis fellow woolen trust magnates contribute heavily tOj Republican : campaign funds, Congress has been in thehabit of placing the tariff on woolenshigh enough to keep out all competitionso that the wlooen trust could be freeto charge any price they desired, up tothe limit of the ability of the peoplet" pay. The result is that Americansare Daying from thirty, to one hundred pei cent, morefor woolen clothing and blankets than the residentsof Great Britain pay.The story of the career of Mr. WoodDrovides a curious paradox. He is theODpressor of lbO.OOO miserable NewEngland textile'workers. A few yearsago'Jie was one of them. In his youthhe felthe" sting of hunger himself,but now he is so pitiless in his thughtsof his employees. Helhas grown enormously rich, but declares that from $4to $9 a wek is enough for those wholabor in his mills.It is said of many caDtams of industry that theyare ignorant of the conditions of the worken who earn theirfortunes for them ; that if they knewthe disress of their employees theywould seek to remedy it. Not so withWood. He knows. Their distress hesees. Their cries he hears.Wood's father was a Portugese-Jewemigrant. He abored in a cotton milland died of tuberculosis, a disease common to cotton and wool SDinners. Thefather's name is believed to have beenAlplhonse LeHair, or LeVair.When the woolen mil's employees,which are composed of 42 different nationalities, must of .whom cannotspeak in English, went on strike thefathers and mothers decided to sendtheir babes and little children away tofriends that they might not suffer fromhunger during the strike. Mr. Wood'sagents beat the women, and tore theirlittle ones from their mothers' armswhen the children were about to beplaced on trains. Thus did Mr. Wood"protect" his employees.Are the American people willing tocontinue to contribute toMr. Wood bypaying more for shoddy than fgoodwoolen clothing sells for in England?Or do they want the tarifirt on woolensreduced? There is only one day everytwo year8when the consumers havean opportunity to express themselveson this subject. That day comes onNovember 5.To Mothers and Others.You can use Bucklens' Arnica Salveto cure children ot eczema, rashes, tetter, chaiings, scaly and crusted humors, as well as their accidental injuriescuts, burns, bruises, etc., with perfect safety. Nothing else heals soquickly. For boils, ulcers, old runningor fever sores or piles it has no equal.25 cents at Oberdorfer's.Roosevelt Overlooks HimselfMr. Roosevelt decaires that Barnes,Penrose and Guggenheim work hand inhand with the big interests. This iaall true. How about Mr. RoosevelthimEelf?It was not at the solicitation ofBarnes and Penrose and Guggenheimthat Edward H. Harriman raised apolitical corruption fund of $260,000.It was at the solicitation of TheodoreRoosevelt.It was not Barnes and Penrose andGuggenheim who, according 'tto Dr.Harvey W. Wiley, bucked the PureFood Law. Thatjwasdone by Theodore Roosevelt.It was not Barnes and Penrose andGuggenheim who failed to bring themachinery of the law into nlay to sendGeorge W. Perkins to the penitentiary for violating the Sherman Lawin organizing the illegal harvestertrust, and who then'accepted Perkins'minions to run for a third term forPresident. That was Theodore Roosevelt. Speaking of Remark....AftealK the real significance of thevote in Vermont recently was not thesize of the Bull Moose vote or theheavy inroads it made into the regularRepublican vote, bub the splendidshowing made by the Democrats, who,in round figures, increased theirstrength from 16,000 in 19082to 20,350in 1912. This means that the partynot only stood solid as a rock abso.utely united, but it drew to itself aarge Republicn vote.Wilson and Tariff.Governor Wilson hasjndicated in thespeeches he has made thus far in thecampaign that he attaches a great dealof importance tothe question of thetariff as it affects farmers. The Democratic candidate put this whole question into a nut shell when, he said:"The farmer does not derive anybenefits from the tariff when he goesto market to sell his product, but oneverything the farmer buys there isan articfiially high price, due to thetariff tax."Highprotectionsis in Congress havefor many years deceivd the farmersinto believing thatbecause the tariffis kent on wheat and corn the corn isnecessarly benefitted thereby. Thatthis is false logic is apparent to anystudent of Amer can mport and exportstatistics. This country producesmore wheat and corn than the Amencan people conume, which obviouslymakes it impossble for any foreigncountry to sell wheat or corn here.Europe, 'which is Tthe great marketfor sumlus American"grain, uses allthe grain produced there for homeconsuuiDtion, and in addition, the European countries have to send oyerhere for more. If there were no tariffat all on gain, therefore, the American farmer would not be mentionedby the possibility"of foreign competition, for the reason that foreignershave no grain to sell.But the question is vastly differentwith the farmer when he comes tobuy the tools, machinery, clothing andother, necessities of ilfe. , He findsevery article that he uses in proucdinghis crops taxed higher and higher, until, as Govenor Wilson says, "it is getting next to impossible for the American farmer to make a legitiamteprofit." The farmers' implements,their smaller tools, household aticles,lumber, and harvesting' machineryhas steadily risenji price.That this rise has been due to artificial causes is proven by the fact thatthe identical- articles usedj by theAmerican farmer are sold abroad forfrom 25 to 40 per cent less. B. D.Townsend.lin his report to PresidentRoosevelt on the Harvester Trust,said that the same harvesting machinesthat were'made by the trust in Chicago,' and sold to the American farmerfor $125, are 'sold in Russia for 80and $90. Nothing but the tariff enables the trust to thus rob the "American farmer, because, Jif it. were not forthe tariff the danger of competitionfrom Canada would force the Ameri-'can trusts to sell its machines for oneprice to all.Governor.Wilson has 'shown a deepgrasp of the tariff question as iraffects the farmer, and it is certainthat before the campaign is mucholder he will have some illuminatingthings to say to the farmer on thisvital subject.If you knew ofth'e real value ofChamberlain's Liniment for lame backsoreness of the muscles, sprains andrheumatic pains, you would never wishto be without it. For sale oy ail dealers. 'Jlnnk EatigbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtf East Tenn. Phoe 669WOMEN TAKE NOTICE!A man cannot understand the torture and suffering many womea endurs"Uncomplainingly. If the majority of men suffered a3 much pain and endured withpatience the weakening sicknesses thet most women do, they would ask forSvmsriSna ormnnVtTr o r rJ 1trkL frit n miir.lr curs.lUUUbUlulb oiuiiaiu auu uv . ira-yfriend advised inoLisa. TTr-sannir.-u?..Last as long as the building, and never needoccasional coat of paint. Just the thing forHandsome Inexpensive, Can be laid rightFor Sale by Miller &Many women have been saved from a life of misery and suffering by turningto the right remedy Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription a remedy which is safertn tnlri hfnnii:' rnntnininrf no nnrcotics. alcohol or injurious ingredients. It is analterative extract of roots, made wilh pure glycerin, and first given to the publicby that famous specialist in the diseases of women Dr. R. V. Pierce, of theInvalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute ci Buffalo, N. Y.suiiering woman raiiy -.u'y uw uiu- wuimui uT ivfts ti 'Tt.jit suileror from foiraio troubles butnnn Vw.ht.ln of "Dr. Pierce's F,A pWms 7ilJEMeiai3:ByiDM63Ss23)CSx5i3)'i22SS2rsVgfKiKU LffiJSP ilSf&& Lr)ll"'LAs?i 9You may forget it. Send inThey're all after good Coal. What may chat be? "Why, Coal thatwill fill its primary purpose BURN. You don't want to manufacture smoke, clinkers, soot or ashes, but you do want to get theniost; heat ot the least fuel for the least money.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.Q&aSQfrEggXgfegggfgajgcSgumbeiland Xelepftone ana Celegrapb gompuyINCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the CumberlandJBourbon County Exchanges at "Paris, Miliersburg,North Middletown, Little? Rock andRuddles Mills.fWhen you have Cumberland service you?HAVE telephone service."Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated,AUTO FOR HIRESpecial attention given toparties desiring to hire automobiles. Call on us forpricesTRANSFERBest equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Livery, Feed and Sales Stable.Eighth Street Both Phones.Some Good AdviceTo the People.Don't sell your old feathers until you find out the prices, Youcan call us and we will look atyour feather, or if you live inthe counrry send us a sample. Iwill let you know what they areworth. Some old feathers if theyhave been well cared for are asgood as new. We pay marketprice for new feathers.MAX MUNICK,8tbJSfcreet, .PARIS, KY,Call East Tenn, Phone 374-anMns. Lizzie ri. JlzssiiEJzniT.. cf Lincoln, xTcb., 529 "C" St.ivs: ''I scMd a testimonial v, ih much pleasure so that som 'ur remeaiesafter takim-.vorite PracriDtion. whichto take, I lonnd mysflf very much ianroved. After taKing tnree morf ooti'es, ana u?ing tvjhows of Dr. Pierce' -3 Lotion Tablets, I found myself on tb.2road to reeo ry. I was in poor health lor five years butnow I am cured."I hope ail women sufrinc from female weakness wiljgive Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription a fair trial.Doctor Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regulate and invigoratsstomach, liver and bovels. Sugar-coated, tiay granules.repairs never need any attention, except anall kinds of country buildings, cut-proofover wood shingles without dirt or bother. (4)Best, Millersburg, Ky.your order to-day for a ton of ourJtModern Equipment,4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service..1a. JJEverything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDProfessional CardsJ J. WIIiliTAMS,a ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.iloom 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney-PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 51-i Main Street.Office Phones jfkResidence e3i.DK. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician.Offices, Rooms 4j and 5, Elk's 'Bit JgJParis,KentuckyftSgesaiiNEWAFiRFROPiitlfV ---""ExafTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1912-Jtf1SiM .1To 40,000 Burley Tobacco GrowersStockholders in Strater Bros Branch FactoryHere are ten brands of tobacco. All of you know their worth,for you supply the leaf. It comes from your own tobacco farms.Most of you smoke or chew one of these brands, for they represent the cream of your crops. You know of none better, nonericher, and you know that each sale brings a profit to you. Youare partners in each of these brands. Here's a way to increaseyour profits on each.40,000 Partner-SalesmenWe want 40,000 more salesmen and you.7ir. Grower, are one that we want. Wewa-'tyou to work with us, to help sellthee brands, and thus increase yourrevenue from them. Your cooperation,individually, can result in gigantic sales.Here s how it works out.Let Each Man TellTen FriendsLet each of you growers tell tenfr ends what you know of Strater Bros.Branch Brands, the brands for whichy ok grow the leaf. Always keep one ofthese brands in your pocket and give tothese friends to try. Explain that theleaves were the pick of your crop andthat no better crops are grown. Pointout tje reasons why these brands oftobacco should be every smoker's andciewer's choice since it is your choicestgrowth. 40.000 men, each telling tenfriends, will thus get a powerful salesmessage to nearly 400.000. If each ofthose friends tell five others, nearly2,000,000 men are affected. Think whatan increase this would make on thesebrands in one section. You are sellingto us. We are selling to them. So letus work jointly to sell the utmost thatwe can.Tell Dealers. Too' Tell dealers, too, when you buy thesebrands, what you know of their quality.Let them know of their nation-widepopularity, how they repeat, and howthey make friends of consumers.BE A BOOSTER OF BURLEY GROWERS' BRANDS, thus boosting the sales andyour profits.TO ALL DEALERS WHO SELL TOBACCOThese brands of tobacco are famous sellers as all who sell them know. They are madefroir fhe best, from the cream of the crops, from forty thousand farms. They form there st repeaters known, a steady source of profit. Put them into your stock for a trial andsee nat they do. You will sell them for years if you sell them one week.J r Smokinc-GOLDEN GLOW-PENNY POST-FULL PAY..rChewing-INDEX-BY JOE TWIST -CUP -DAY'S WORK-ON THE SQUARE-TC-XHUGHT-STRATER'SNATURAL LEAF.STRATER BROS. TOBACCO COMPANY BRANCHDUKLn. i i udaulu jiur ux x , incorporated, i-ouisviue, ivy. 3L. dc H. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59'P. Ztf.Trains ArriveNo. FROM34 Atlanta, Ga.. Daily 5 21 amLexington. Ky., Daily 4.34amCvnthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 amftlaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 amRowland, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday .7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 amCincinnati, O., Dnily 9.50 amMavsville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 amLexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pmKnoxville. enn.. Daily 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily 5.25 pmCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6,03 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.03 amJacksonville. Fla., Daily 6 05 pmCincinnati, 0., Dailv 10:50 pm2971040373123326259138385393083231Trains XDe-psirtNo. TO31 Cincinnati. 0., Daily 5,4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8,Lexington, Ky., Daily .927 "KTnnxvillf Tenn.. Dailv . 933 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily : 10.133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10Maysville, K., Daily iz.Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12,Lexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 3.38 Cincinnati, O., Daily o,9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5,39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5,32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.8 Maysville, Ky., Dailv Except Sunday 630 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 6.31 Lexington, K., Daily. 10.13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10,29401013762625,28 am35 am,47 am20 an:,20 amo7 am.55 am,24 am.27 am,05 pm,04 am,34 pm4o pm,52 pm,57 pm,10 pm.15 pm.25 pra,55 pm.57 pIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trains ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.40 pm5 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.o0 pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10.00 pmTrains XDepartNo. TO161 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only 6.20 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday 9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky DailylExcept Sunday o.o2 amNEW SPHINX FOUNDStudent of British Museum Discovers It in Egypt.Figure Fourteen Feet High of Alabaster, Dug From Between the Colossi in Water-Logged Plainof Old Memphis.Cairo, Egypt. Another sphinx,weighing ninety tons, and carved froma single block of alabaster, has beenunearthed at a point between theworld-famed Colossi, on the waterlogged plains of Memphis, in Egypt.For hundreds of years it has lain in arecumbent position buried beneath thesands on the road to Sakkareh. Today it is half-exposed to view, andnext year it is to be raised to a vertical position above the water-line.'This newly found sphinx was betrayed in its hiding place by its tail, whichMr. Macbay, one of the students of theBritish School in Egypt, discoveredabout a year ago. This year, whenthe water on the plain subsided, thecomplete figure was excavated, andwas found to measure some fourteenfeet in height and twenty-six feet inlength. Alabaster being a rock foreignto the neighborhood, the new sphinxranks as the largest that has everbeen transported. The figure bears noinscription, but is considered by Prof.Flinders Petrie, the director of theBritish School in Egypt, to have beencarved about 1300 B. C. Many otherremarkable discoveries, taking themind back as far as 5500 B. C, andlifting the veil of centuries fromEgypt's romantic story, have also beenmade by the same school, and, withthe exception of a red granite groupof Rameses II and the god Ptah, whichwill be sent direct to the Ny CarlsbergMuseum at Copenhagen, and a fewother details, are now on exhibition atUniversity College, Gower street. Theyinclude many objects quite new toEgyptologists.Among these are coffins made ofbasket work, reeds or withes, sandaltrays, an axe handle, in which the gripis composed of delicately knottedstring, a pot of unburnt incense for afile-offering of 4000 B. C, and numerous pieces of timber, showing by their1 , V ', y ' "m2-. &" . ''?"K 33jj jnas .naraoAV joj juannsajx sraojj,, 'jjooq aScd-j-g pire 'svoifoiufsuj jviodds jojnnaj, E3ocrcEuni3 ' oq anpipsjv cSoouqjcio "jdaa AiosiApy .soiptni ;o; i;uarnpjr) spiteuiuiooaj puu sjjas di -jsiSSrup .moA" jjsvSp3JJ3-J3)JB pBq OU SBl J 'SSlUp SnOJ3UBp Oil SIHBJUODpooS jnq Siniflou noA" op ued i sb 'asn o noA" joi Xpaui3J;saq Gift si inpir) 'sjusips-iSui ojqBjaSaA 'sssiuueq A"ipaj-J3d uiojj pajBdsjj -oiiio s.ueuioay 9i 'mp.n3 ajj pinoqsnoA" 'siqnojj Xjueuioay jo suiojduiA's jsqjo pun 'squni jodiq 'apis 'uijb m sined 'sSiupsj UAop-Suiiejp 'aipeoeq'3qDEpi23lf SB tptlS 'U3UJOAY B3AV 0 JBIinDSd SUlBd 31$JO AUE UIOJJ J3JJI1S JO 'jnO-UJOA 'p3JIJ B3A 3JI2 XlOi JI., -..vtO'Ia.. -- .-Coffin of Basket Work.formation the principles of buildingconstruction that were in vogue nearly6000 years B. C.The graves of the early Egyptianswere always well provided with suchnecessaries as were thought essentialfor the spirit of the departed when itagain materialized. Consequently, therelics from Tarkhan include headrests(some of them carved out or treestrained specially into peculiar shapes),sandals, large jars of food, and variousvessels of gypsum and semi-transparentalabastar. Some of the vases bearthe name of Mena, the earliest knownEgyptian king. They are consideredby some experts to be a tribute corresponding to the modern floral wreath.Evidence is also provided of the lackof historical sentiment in the Romanoccupants of Egypt by numerous examples of inscribed Egyptian tablets thathave been used as hearth stones, doorlintels, and mill stones. There is alsoample evidence of the belief that sacrilege among the tombs was more common in the earlier periods of Egyptianhistory than in later periods.DfuojStUeuiOMhx3XVJ.,-,3inu;Aue op ubd i 'mom jsjh aui paABSinpjuo -3ui pajno i 'pus 'ji 3 oj treSsq I puB 'Xubuios psdpq pBi inpjBQ jBqj pB3J I dn aui 9ab2 sjopop3iIX 'J8AO e suiBd pBq i -JB3 upjnoD d33is jou pjnooI -sip pinoM i iqSnoqj pire UAop sjooj i sbj jv :sa"bsaqg :ssiqnoj aiubuioa qjiA p3J3jjns '-uu3i 'ABApB3JX joSJJUff AJBW -SJ1V 'S3UIIJ JU3J3JJIP JB 'SJB3A" U3J XJJB3U JOJSTOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES.HAS MARRIED 4,000 COUPLESTennessee Minister Builds Hotel Especially for ElopingCouples.Bristol, Tenn. Rev. Alfred HarrisonBurroughs of Bristol, now in hiseightieth year, has married 4,000couples in the last twenty-three years."I had no thought of making this abusiness," said the aged minister. "Iwas licensed to marry people manyyears ago, and when the first runawaycouple "sought me in 1889, I consentedto marry them more as a matter ofaccommodation than anything else."Some of my friends were presentand witnessed the marriage. Theycomplimented me and told me that Iought to make marrying a business.After that I did not decline to offermy services whenever a couple camemy way. Month, by month the business grew until I sometimes marriedfrom three to six couples a day."So rapidly did the minister's marrying business increase that he builta hotel designed especially to accommodate eloping couples.9W paino inpjBD,,New Wrinkle In Laundry.San Bernardo, Cal. When his laundry bill showed a charge for washingfour greenbacks, George B. Rowangasped in astonishment. He lookedthrough his laundry and found a pileof carefully ironed and starched banknotes which had come home with hisweekly wash. They amounted to ?60,which h remembered having failedto remove from his clothing before1 etnding it to tho laundry.Government experts offer the hopethat efforts under way will eradicateTexas fever ticks, a pest wnich causesan annual loss of from forty millionto one hundred million dollars.The work of eradicating the disease of scabies from among the sheepof Kentucky has Digressed so favorably that the disease is now almost entirely wiped out.According to reports made by theDepartment of Agriculture, between15,000 and 20,000 acres of cotton ha3been damaged in Arkansas by tne cotton caterpillar.The Kentucky State Pair ended ils1912 show Saturday night, the attendance for the week being considerablyin excess of last year, it is declared.Officials of the Fair say they aregreatly pleased with the success of theFair this year.-The Kentucky State University atLexington has announced that chicken breeding will be added to its curriculum. A farm near Lexington hasbeen Durchased where the science ofthe hen will be studied by the siudentsof rhe school.The tobacco growers of Madisoncounty are securing every availableband in an effort to get their crops cutand housed before a much needed general rain sets in and spoils the crop.It is the best in quantity in manyyears. Help is said to be scarce anamuch neededjbyjhejiarmers.Nicholas county farmers in theLicking neighborhood, who have beengrowing tomatoes in the place of tobacco, have a bumoer crop. The tomatoes are now being gathered ardcanned. Two large canneries havbeen installedand are now running atfull capacity.Mr. Renick Smith, of Dallas, Texas, who has been visiting his grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Renick,tor several weeks will leave to-day iorFront Roxal, Virginia, to enter Randolph Macon Academy. His mother,Mrs. Curtis P. Smith, will be with herparents for a week longer beforereturning to Texas.Ormand Summeville, "the eight-year-oldson of Judge Summerville, ofMontgomery, Ala., was operated onfor appendicitisat the Good Samaritan Hosmtal "Saturday i night. Theboy was visiting Dr. and Mrs. J. T.Vansant when he was stricken ill Sunday afernoon, and was rushed in anauomtobile to the hospital.The sixteen head of thoroughbredyearlings owned by Frank E. tfrownand sold Saturday morning for theKentucky Sales Company, brought atotal of $57,650, or an average ofblightly over $3,603 a head. Theyoungsters were bred by James R.Keene at Castleton anfi representedthe last crop of yearlings bred by Mr.Keene at the historic establishment.A fire which originated in a hayfield on the farm of Mr. Dunn, adjo ning, swept over the bluegrass pasture of Kingston Stock Farm in Fayette and for a time threatened to destroy the residence and numerous barnsand imperil'the valuable thoroughbredhorses kept upon the place by Maj.F. A. Daingerfield, member of theState Racing Commission, who leasesthe farm and makes his home there.Hart Wallace, of Shelby county,has sold his herd of sixty Ayrshiresto J. H. Wright and T. R. Webber,who will sell them at auction in thonear future. The price was private.Included in the sale are Old Hall Sarah II, imported, which won the grandchampionship for females andjfirst premium in the ring for aged cows at theState Fair. Seventeen cows in theherd have average tests of 9,868pounds of milk and 454 pounds of butter a year.A big dairy barn and two large silos on the farm of Dr. B. McClarkey,near Scott's Station, in Shelby county,were destroyed by fire with all the contents. The fire originated in the loftfrom some unknown cause. None ofthe cattle were in the barn at thetime. The barn was built two yearsago by Hart Wallace at & cost of$4,000. The loss is abont $5,000 withinsurance in the Home Comnany for$3,000 on the building and S1.000 onthe contents.At a meeting of the board of directors of the Burley Tobacco Company at the Strater Brothers branch factory in Louisville Tuesday, it was decided to erect a modern, fireproof looseleaf warehouse of suitable capacityat Brooksville, Bracken county, in accordance with plans submitted and accompanying a petitiou signed by morethan 100 tobacco poolers of thatcounty. The Detition received the endorsement of the subcommittee appointed to look into conditions atBrooksville, which committee visitedthe proposed site for tne warehouse ashort time ago,Commissioner J. W. Newman ofthe Agricultural Department has issued the following report for themonth of September:"The report oncorn as of September first, shows an improvement," andindicates a yield of 92.8 per cent asagainst 84.5 per cent for the month ofAugust, an increase of 8.3 per cent.Dark tobacco shows a condition of 81.6per cent and Burley is even better,showing a condition of 87.5 per cent.Out of a total crop yield in "Kentuckyof a money value of $110,000,000, thecorn and tobacco crop3 represent $88,000,000. The conditions reported indicate splendid yields of the largestmoney valued crops of,the State."The second croD of potatoes showsan acreage of 90.7 per cent with acondition of 97.7 per cent. An acreageof 96.7 per cent of cow peas ond 91.7p ere ent of soy beans , with a condition of cow peas of 94 per cent and forsoy beans of 91.7 per cent, shows thatthe Kentucky farmer is beginning toappreciate the value of these two legumes in his crop rotation."The pasture conditions continuesplendid, a condition of 99.6 per centis reported, as does the condition ofgardens, which is 95.7fperc ent."Taken as a whole, indications arefor a better crop for 1912 than hasbeen shown at "any time during thecrop year."EXINGTOISTOCTO. 8 TO 19THEWORLD'Si !ATEST; CONTESTSBjSs35,OOoKflj- BBBBBBBBBBBBB.HUE,"WORLD'S ?l4JEST,4 si'VSiSi1I ,KENTUCKY T. H. B. ASSOCIATIONF$21,000 THE KENTUCKY FUTURITY$ 3,000 THE WAIiNUT HAUD CUPTUESDAY, OCT. 8'WEDNESDAY, OCT. 9$ 5,000 THE TRANSYLVANIA - k - THURSDAY, OCT. 10$ 3,000 THE CASTLETON CUP -. - MONDAY, OCT. 14,$ 9,500 CHAMPIONSHIP STAIiUON - - MONDAY, OCT. 14rg 5,000 THE OCTOBER PRIZE - - WEDNESDAY, OCT. 16A BIG STAKE EVERY DAYWeber's Prize Sand of AmericaOne Fare;-WRITE FOR PROGRAMOneFare-RAILROAD RATES6New Fall Suits Arrivin"' 1 '&&&& vISCBLOSS BROS 6 CO I v" ?-V? if tat CUtiei Kilen I ,"'" - ii in i iiTWINDailySchSoss Bros., & Co,,Baltimore, Md.,liand IVfade SuitsArc Here DirectFrom The TailorsHands. . .We are showing the newPlura.Carnation, Grey and Browns, theprices very reasonable, $15 to 25All Wool Fall Suits, newestshades at. . . .10, $12.50 and 15..OurFall Line of Haws VojGol Hats Douglass Shoes andTiwn Bros., Special Shoes are arriving daily.The showing we are makingfor Fall is in every way up to thehighest class, our prices aremorerreasonable than elsewhere.BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L.WoIfstein, Proprietor.'miairiiriiniiii'inMmviiLmaBuatssjdzssK BJWiBmaaBKasamae u n n ia a a ibj&So Simple Anyone CanRun ItNo need of a mechanic to take care of theStudebaker"20." No need of a chauffeur. Youor your wife can run it as easily as an expert.Simplicity of operation and control, addedto the light running and easy riding qualities of "Studebaker cars are the delight of their 75,000owners.The Studebaker (Flanders) "20" is equal inquality of material and workmanship to any carmade, and its low price and low upkeep costputs it within your reach.We know the quality of our cars becauseevery part is made in our own plants and'guarantees to us what we guarantee to you.jThe Studebaker name, too, means service afteryou buy.Ready for immediate delivery.The $800 Studebaker (Fianders)"20Price, Standard Equipped, 9800 f . o. b. Detroit.Equipped as above, with Tep, Windshield, Prest-O-Lite Tanar.and Speedometer, $885.AmIc mmr dealer for the new Stndebmker arc catalogue or send to us for ithe Studebaker Corporation Detroit, MichiganBourbon Garage & Supply Co., Agts-' jp.-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 20 1912.Low Colonist Rates.Low one-way second class Tcolonistfares to California, British Columbia, IArizona, Alberta, Montana, uragon,Washingaton, Nevada, New Mexico,Utah and Texas. Tickets on saleSept. 5th to October 10th, inclusive.For further information, call on or address W. H. HARRIS, AgentJ. K. SMITH, T. A.Bob Smith to Lecture."Roxie" Davis !Cbe Insurance AgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::IBiggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137Under the auspiceB of the Clintonville Bible School, Bob O. Smith, ofMississiDpi, the messenger of mirth,will give his recital at the Clintonville Christian Church Friday evening,September 27, at 7:30 o'clock. Mr.Smith is well known in Paris and Bourbon county, his former home, is highlyentertaining and his lectures neverfail to delight his hearers.Announcement.We wish to announce our Fall Display of well selected Millinery willtake place on September 25 and 26.Something to please all tastes and allpocket-books. rTtd MRS. CORNE WATSON BAIRD.Jewish Holiday.Saturday September 21, being aJewish Holiday.Price & Co. Clothiers,will be elosed all day and open thatevening at 6 p. m and would bepleased to have customers and friendscome during this week or Saturdaynight. ' 1"fc0ne Grand, Glorious Week of Superlative Joy 1I KNIGHTS OF MAGGABEES OF WORLD, FALL FESTIVALSeptember 22, 24, 25, 26, 27, & 28I The KraiisR Greater Shows3,000-3,000 Delighted Visitorshourly. 2C0 Entertainers.Performers and Actors. 30Concessions and Spectacles.Glittering, Gathering Colossial Combination. Awe Inspiring Amalgamation. Dazzling Unification,Kraase GreaterShowsConcaternation of Carnival Colossi. 1001 Nights inSix.The most stupendousamusement conception ofits kind on earth. Evolved, planned, executed andpresented by BenKrause, theNapoleon of the tentedworld.Imi3 Free Attractions 3Afternoonand EveningWrit Granted In Hamilton Case.A writ of habeas corpus, restraining Mr. . J. G. Graham, an official ofthe Orphan's Home, at Louisville,from removing from the custody ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court, CarevHolton Hamilton, of this county, wasgranted by Judge Denis Dundon Tuesday. 1 The fight for the possession of thechild is being waged by its father, andthe cast) involves the right ot Mr.Frank Bedford, a wealthy farmer ofBourbon county to the possession ofthfc child, resulting in Judge Robt. L.Stout, in the Circuit Court, enteringan order returning it tothe Cildren'sHome.The father of the boy is seeking togain possession of the child, and tookan appeal to the higher court, wherethe case gis now pending. After thedecision handed down by Judge Stoutit is said that it was agreed that thechild should remain in the custody ofits father until such time as theofficials of the ome should send forhim.Mr. Graham came to Paris for thepurpose of returning the boy to theHome. Hearing of the intended moveMr. Hamilton, through his attorneys,ask that the writ be issued restrainingthe official of the Home. The writwas granted, returnable this morning,and the child was placed in the custodyof Deputy Sheriff W. F. Talbott, whoallowed him to return with Mr. Graham to Louisville to return in time forthe trial today.The Christian Woman's and Orphans'Home is represented by Hon. E. M.Dickson, and the interests of Mr. Bedford are being looked after by the lawfirm "of Talbott & Whitley, while Mr.Hamilton is represented by AttorneysJ. J. Williams and Reuben Hutch-craft.Good Prices at Clarke Sale.The personhalTsnd real estate of thelate Mr. E. P.Calrke, of Millersburg,was offered at administrator's saleTuesday. The "property consisted ofhis famof 250 acres, his home in Millersbug, live stock and crops. Thefarm is located three miles north ofMillersburg, on the Headquarters pike.The sale openedjat ten o'clock on thefarm, with a large crowd present.Bidding was spirited and everythingbrought, good prices. Two yeanlngssold forrS46.75 each ; 32 2-year-old cattle at $67.25 each : 22 sheep at $6.40each : 5 sows at $11.00 each ; 6 shoatsat $5.75 each ; 11 pigs at.$1.80 each ; 2heifers at S2.50; 4 horses at $95.00each ; 175 shocks of corn at $1.75 each ;hay at$10.00a ton; fodder atJ23c. ashock.Tne farm was sold at noon, to Mr.Frank Caldwell, of Millersburg, for$122.75 per acre. At two o'clock alarge crowd gathered at the home inMillersbnrg. The household and kitchen furniture was then sold, bringingfair prices. The eight-room home,with water works and other conveniences in it. was then offered and wa3purchased b$ Mr. J. H. Stewart for$2,805.00. Mrs. Clarke will give possession Oct. 1, ax; which time she willgo to her daughter's, Mrs. W.iG. Leer,where sheSwill make her home. Possession will'be given at once of thefarm for seeding and entire possessionin March.Arriving Daily.New Fall Footwear arriving dailv at10 tf FELD'S SHOE STORE.New Fall Goods.Large conaignmsnts of carpets, rugsand furniture of every description arearriving daily at our store. See us before you buy and let us save youmoney. J. T. HINTON.Residence Sold at Auction.Mr. W. R. Tuttle, as administratoror the estate or tne Jate Mrn.'M. b.Tuttle, sold yesterday at public auction to Mr. T. J. Current the houseand lot of the deceased, locted on Sixteenth street, for $1,406. The sale wasconducied by Col. George D. Speakes,Mrs. Baird's Millinery Parlors.Miss Caldwell and her corps of assistants are busilv engaged preparing forour Fall dispaly of millinery. The parlors will be open to the ladies on September 25 and 26, for their inspectionof the latest creations in beautiful hatsof every description. The beautifulplush and fur effects are to be muchin evidence this season and our stcckwill be complete in this line. Don'tfail to come in and consult with MissCaldwell in regard to your Fall hat.She'can suggest many things that willgreatly assist you in yuur selection.MRS. CORNE WATSON BAIRD.Electric Light Consumersare cautioned to have a care to turnoff their lights when not in use. Darkrays will soon be upon us and lightdays will naturally increase in size.Don't waste the current. .Will Close Saturday.Saturday being a Jewish Holidayour store will be closed on that day."Will be open ready for business Monday morning.2-t HARRY SIMON.New Law.Now that school has begun and renewed interest is. being taken all overthe county by tne people to aid inevery way to make the schools of thecounty as near perfect as possible, itis not out of the way to give the following extract from the new schoollaw. Every parent or guardian havingcontrol of any child between sevenand twelve yeas, inclusive, shall seethat the child attends some public orprivate school or graded term eachyea. Any such parent or guardianwho shall make a false statement concerning the age of such child shall befined in the sum not exceeding fiftydollars, or by imprisonment in thecounty jail not exceeding thirty days,or both so fined and imprisoned. Anyparent or guardian failing to complywith the provisions of the law shallforfeit to the use of the school withinthe district a sum not less than twentydollars for the first offense, nor les3than ten dollars nor more than twentydollars for second and every subsequent offense, and cost of suit.MATRIMONIAL.MISS EMMA MEIERWorld's Champion Lady SwimmerAfter giving an exhibition of fancy diving, Miss Meier mounts aladder to the heigth of 75 feet and makes a leap for life in threefeet of water.Professor Cox and His Mammoth BalloonThe Royal Italian Band Of Solo Artists.Twelve Big Shows and Attractions.All NewAll CleanAll Moral. Brilliantly Illumined with 5,000 ElectricBulbs.i7 1 1 wQS Baal W JIBOh MS',Sfr IThe Best Made.Yerkes & Prichard sell the threebest drills'made, Peoria. SuDerior andKentucky." " 20-4tDEATHS.Sister M&rv Ambrosia, whose serious illness at Jackonville, Fla., Wsnoted in the last issue of the News,died Tuesday night at St. Mary's Hospital, in that'eity. She was aged '47years,and for the past two years hasbeen an inmate of the institutionwhere she went with the hope of restoring her health. She was a sisterof Mr. John Mallaney and Miss KateMallaney, of this city, and had beenaway from this place about twentyyaars. The ((funeral was held yesterday in Jacksonville.The marriage of Mr. Harry Klein,o Lexington, to Miss Daisy Frankel,of Louisville, will be celebrated Monday, September 23, at noon at thehome of the bride-elect in Louisville.Miss Prankel is a sister of Prof. L.K. Frankel, of Lexington, a nephewof Mrs. A. J. Winters, of this city.Fall Millinery Display.We wish to announce that Mrs.Caldwell has arrived from a trip toEastern "Millinery Centers" and isnow ready to consult with o-ir customers relative to orders for Fall andWinter Millinery. Our Fall Displaywill take place Wednesdey and Thursday, September 25 and 26 Our shelves and cases will be filled with mostbeautiful dress hats and tailored hatsof the most fashionable designs. Theprices of our millinery -will be madeto suit the pocket-books of all classes,td MRS. CORNE WATSON BAIRD.Special Prices on Rugs.We offer the following special priceson rugs this week:Special 9x12 Axminister rugs, only16.50.Special 9 by 12 Brussell rugs, only12.75.These are certainly bargains.spt 17-tf A. Jb WHEELER & CO.Kill the Flies.Flies are at their worst now. Get"Cow Ease" atBUTLER'S,17-2t Opp. Court House.BIRTHS.In Dinger Withtot License.Sprtsmer;who expect to get through,the bird season this fall without ahunter's license by escaping the vigilance of.the State anthorities will be.disappointed, for at he next meetingof the Fish and Game CommissionExecutive Agent J. Q. Ward will recommend two of his county game wardens to be appointediwith roving commissions Thev will inspect thosecounties in which game wardens havenot yet been appointed and will actunerr secret orders. Over 5,000 licenses have been issued and it is expected that the next six weeks willsee mora than double that numberissued.Several more game wardens havebeen appointed by the commissionincluding J. D. Driscol. H. C. Hikesand Daniel T. NagJe, Jefferson county -GeorgeBrandel, nancock; Amos'Hogg, Carter ; P. M. Melvin. CarterD. C. Nelson, Floyd; W. C. PriceLee; A. M. Winn. Graves; James MLeech, Caldwell, and Elijah KoberVBreahitt."31 1 is probable that Execuive AgertWard or some member of the commission will go to Washington soon to seeabou the distribution of game fish forKentucky sreams. Securing the allotment involves a vast amount of redtape. Petitions for the fish mustoriginate in the counties and be recommended by the Congressman from thedistrict in which the counties are located. Executive Agent Ward is mailingout petitions which will be signed ineach county and then forwarded to.the Congressmen for their signatures,after which the commission will sendthe petitions to the department atWashington.Two prominent men interested in theconservation of game will speak before the commission at its next meeting. They are John B. Burnam, ofN ew York, president of the AmericanGame Protection and PropagationAssociation, and Joseph Kalbfus, ofHarrisburg, Pa., connected with thePennsylvania Game and Fish Commission. Executive Agent Ward heardthem both pseak at the confernce ofFish and Game Commissioners at Denver, and they promised they wouldcome to Kentucky.Wedding Presents.From a 25 cent hand-painted plateto cut glass of the newest and richestdesign, atBUTLERS'.17-4t Onp. Court House.A Full Line.Born, on Sunday, Sept. 15. atHouston, Texas, to the wife of Prof.Robert Hinton, of Georgetown, a sonfirst born, Robert Woodford. Mrs.Hinton was formerly Miss Woolford,of Houston, Texas.Photo supplies we arrv a full line.VARDEN & SON.The Carpet and Rag Store.We have one of the largest stocks ofcarpets and rugs in the State. No oldpatterns, all the latest syles to selectfrom. Call in and let us save youmoney.J. T. HINTON.! CITY LOT j' " )"tfte Agriculttr BanK of Paris,AUTUMN CHANGES FOR COOL DAYSCALL FOR CHANGES OF THE HOMEand we have been very busy each day of this month getting ready for you all. Now our stockof Furniture, Carpets, Rugs, Cook Stoves and Heaters is complete for the home.ill flTffm 1 i' 1 tn - r itoLl,.,,MMlllM)lllllMflL fhrrnr!ttliiiiiiin,.,,,,,,,,, I XfcUlBrass and Iron Beds.Now that you go to your winterroom, we have planned a niceBrass or Iron Bed to make the nightrest all that you require.PRICES $1.95 UP TO $48.00.GET YOURATERBEFORE THERUSH . . .3tvand be ready for the cool nights andmornings.The Baby.Cool nights call for thebed. We are well fixed forkeep them warm for theserest.$5.75 UP TO $14.25.baby'syou tonights'LET US SHOW YOU SOME OF OUR COMFORTS AND BLANKETSA. F. WHEELER FURNITURE CO.ft MainMain and Third Sfs.CHRS. GREEN, Manager.Op&osite Court House)use ftCapital100,00.00Surplus$67,500.00Protection$267s500.00THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1912IKE BOURBON NEWS.4$ffjwafebyylALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGInsure your tobacco withMcCIure & Clendenin. E.T. Phone 235. Home Phone72.Sells Suburban Home.Mr. Henry'S. Clay, of this city, hassold hissuburbanhorae, consisting ofabout nine acres of land well improvedand lying on the Peacock pike to Mr.D. Hume, who will get possession ofthe property October 1. Mr. Clayand wife will leave on that date on aprospecting tour through the west witha view,of locating permanently.School Shoes.Go to Feld's and get your schoolshoes for boys misses and children.Satisfaction guraaoteed. tfSmall Farm Sold.Mrs. Edward Ri lis, of near Shawhun, has sold her farm contining twenty-threeacres of land, lying on theCyntmana pike, to Mrs. Nannie Keller, of Bourbon county. Price Drivate.Mrs. Ralls takes Mrs. Keller's farm,cor fining about twenty acres, locatedor he Ruddles Mills pike, in on theti je.One o! Our Specialties.'resh weinerwurst and horse radish. The first of the season. Youknow we have a reputation on thesearticles. Let us have your order.20-2t SAUEK.Cashier Resigns.At the monthly meeting of the Boardof Directors ot the Citizen's Bank,Little Rock, this county, held Tuesday, Vm. T. Bryan tendered his resignation us cashier of the bank, to takeeffect January 1, 1193. :Bv the unanimous vote of the Board, Mr. Ivan C.Soper, son of Mr. and Mrs. John L.Soper, of this city, was elected to fillthe vacancy. The cashier-el ect is. atpresent employed in the dry goods establishment of H. M. Cvllns& Co.,in this city.Will Be Closed Saturday.On account of holiday, our shoe storewill be closed Saturday, Sept. 1, untilsix o'clock in the evening.DAN COHEN.All Kins of Cheese.We have all kinds of cheese.C. P. COOK & CO.Grapes, Melons and Peaches.We have a quantity every day.C. P. COOK & CO.Queen Contest Opens.The votinc for' the Queen of the Maccabee Carnival is now on and the bevyof beautiful young ladies are puttingforth their best efforts at this earlydate to win the handsome diamond ringthat will be the reward ffor the onereceiving theHargest number of votes.Ballot boxes have been.placed in several Fplaces in the city to receive theballots Jfor the different candidates.Those who have entered; thejcontestare Misses Marguerite Douglas, HazelDuvall, Rosina Elder, Marie Scottand Clara Hamilton. More are expected to enter which will of course makegreater interest, and before the votinghas progressed many days there willbe much activity on the part of thethe candidates. Vote for your afvor-ite.Open at 5,30 P.M.On account of holiday our store willbe closed en Saturday, September 21,until.5:30p. m., when it will be reopened. SIMON DEPARTMENT STORE.We have just received acar load of heaters of thefamous Florence hot blast,the best stove on earth forthe money. See us for lowestprices when in need of astove. See our window display. E. M. WHEELER FURNITURECOMPANY.Rye and Timotny.We have choice Northern and home jgown seed rye, also timothy seed, forsale.20 tf R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.PERSONAL MENTION.Mrs. R. P. Collier is quite ill ather home near this city.Mrs. P. P. Webb is the guest ofrelatives in Louisville.. Mr. C. D. Webb has been in Louisville several days on a business trip.Mrs. Rebecca Hughes is the guestor Mr. ana Mrs. Uishop Clay, in Lexington. Miss Gladvs Ashurst is visitingher sister, Mrs. Chas. S. Ecton, inWinchester.Mrs. Pearce Paton has returnedfrom a visit to relatives and friendsin Covington.Miss Carolyn Roseberry, of thiscitv, is visiting Miss Sue Ford Offutt,in Ueorgetown.Misses .Carrie and Helen Frank arevisiting their brother, Dr. LouisPrank, in Louisville.Mrs. J. C. Elgin has returned froma visit to her niece, Mrs. H. T. Hopkins, in bharpsburg.Mrs. Kate Ecton and Miss LauraEcton. of Winchester, are the guestaof Mr. and Mrs. Withrrs Davis.Mr.; Emmett O'Neal has returned to Louisville after a visit toMr. and Mrs. Woodford Daniels.Mrs. Sallie Turney, of Cynthiana,is the guest cf the Misses Colville attheirtapartments inthe "Robneel."Mrs. Mary itf. Graham has returned from a visit to relatives inSharon' Pa., and points in the East.Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Kiser1 havereturned from their wedidng trip andhave taken board with Mrs. FannieSmith on Fifteenth street.Mr. Brice Steele, who was recently operated on for appenicditis atSt. oseph Hospital, in Lexington, willbe able to be brought home to-morrow.Mrs. James Montgomery and little daughter, Margaiet, who havebeen visiting her father, Mr. GeorgeAshurst, "will leave in a tew days fortheir home in Oakland, Cal.Mrs. John Trundle, who has beenhere on a visit to Mrs. S. Lilleston,has retnrned . to her home in FernBank, 0. She was accompanied byher little grandson, Master JohnBower, Jr.Mr. and Mrs. Durand Whipple andlittle son, Emmett Dickson Whipple,will leave to-morrow for their home inLittle Rock, Ark., after psending thesummer in Paris the guests of Hon.and Mrs. E. M. Dickson.Mr. an d Mrs. S. J. Jouett anddaughter, Miss Virginia, and son, Mr.Flournev Jouett, are spending the'week-end with Mrs. Withers Davis.They are enroute to Louisville, wherethey will reside in the future.The many friends of Mis3 CelesteLucas will be pleased to learn thatshe is improving under the care of herphysician at Saranac, Mich. She iscsmfotrably located and the opinion ofher physician is quiteencouraging.Mr. H. H.'Hancock has returnedfrom a delightful visit to Old PointComfort and points in the East. Hisdaughter, Miss Frances Hancock, whoaccompanied him, remained in Virginia for a longer visit to relatives.Mr. L. Grinnan, of Seattle, Wash.,formerly of this city, is visiting here.Mrs. Bettie Owens, ot Lee Summit, Mo., is the guest of her aunt,Mrs. Mary A. Collins, near this city.Mr. and Mrs. Joe Redmon werecalled to Chattanooga, Tenn., yesterday, on account of the serious illnessof their son-in-law, Mr. A. C. Glenn.Miss Sena Rion is able to be outfollowing a serious operation for appendicitis, which was perfomed atNorton Inrfimary, in Louisville, several weeks ago.Mr. and Mrs. Ed Smart havemoved to the residence on Fifteenthstreet recently vacated by Mrs. Mollie Lair, who has taken board withMr. and Mrs. Rhodes Smith.Mr. George Curry, of Winchester,has accepted a position with the Central Life Insurance Company, withheadquarters in Paris. He arrivedhere Monday to assume his duties, andwill Iocatejpermanently in Paris.NOTICE.The members of the BourbonCounty Democratic Committee are notified to meet at the court house inParis, Ky., at 3 o'clock p.Zm., standardtime on Saturday, September 21, 1912.Business of importanceC. C. CLARE,Chairman Bourbon County Democratic Committtee.September 12, 1912.IFOR SALE.Teachers' Institute.The Bourbon County Teachers' Institute will convene in this city onMondav, Sept. 30. to continue throughout the,,week. The sessions of the institute will be held in the county courtloom in the court house, and will beconducted by Prof. A.. S. McKenzie,of Lexington, assisted by Prof. T. J.Coateo, State Suprevisor of RuralSchools.Bnick Car Gruelling Test.That the Buick rars aie capable ofwithstanding the most gruelling testsis shown by the recent trip bv th emachine owned by Mr. ClarenceThomas, of this city, when in'companywith Mr. O. L. Davis. George Vardenand John Yerkes he made a trip ofover 1,100 miles through the States ofKentucky, Ohio, Michigan, New Yorkand Pennsylvania, without a singlemishap, other than a few punctures.On the trip the party passed throughDayton, Springfield, Toledo, Detroit,Mt. Clemens, Windsor, Can., Niagara,Erie, Cleveland and Columbus. Upon,the return after the long trip, the cardriven by Mr. Thomas was in as goodrunning order as on thefirst day of thetrip.Aside from the few punctures whichare likely to be encountered at anytime, there was not a moment's delayon the road by reason of the failure ofthe car to perform its duty.In many places, according to themembers of the party, the roads werealmost impassable, but even in the facecf such unfavorable conditions themachine performed in a most satisfactory manner, adding a great deal ofpleasure to the trp, which might haveh eg marred hsd faulty mechanlsufbeen'ijnboSied in the car:Master Morris Price, the handsome son of Mr. and Mss. Lee Price,celebrated his seventh birthday Monday afternoon with a narty at the homeof his parents on Scott avenue. Aboutthirty friends of the young host enjoyed the occasion. After a numberof delightful games the little people,wearing white crepe paper caps,marched to music into the dining room,where the table was lovely in yellowand white flowers, with yellow candles in crystal candelabara, and thelarge birthday cake, holding sevencandles. Orange ice. ice cream, cakes,bon-bons and mints, all in the partycolos, were served the happy guests,who were presented with celluloidfavors of various kinds. In the TeddyBear contest Miss Dorothy Harris wonthef first prize. fa cellluloid fan; MasterMamesRidding second, a celluloidhorn, and Master John Van MeterWoodford was given the booby, a celluloid ball.The prize in the blowing contestwas on by Master Billy Kenney.Misses Bessie and Florencce Wilson entertained with eight tables of"500" at theirhomelon Houston avenue, luesaay atternoon. Alter anumber of games luncheon was served.The following guests were present:Mesdames L. I. Smith, Frank Kiser,Watson Judy, Nellie Hiehland, WithersDavis, M. H. Dailev. Henry Clay, Logan Howaid, Monroe Mansfield, Cus-tis Talbott, F. L. Lapsley, RobertGoggin, Carl Wilmoth, W. R. Srott.Jos. Rion. Houston Rion, Ollie Marshall. Lee Price, Harmon Stitt. Everett Ham, California: Hume Payne,Misses Janette Brooks, Jeffersonville: Colvin Offutt, Jackson, Mis. ;Lelia Keiler, Bellf Horton, CorinneCollins Clara Belle and NannieBrent O'Neal, Helen Daugherty, Lizzie Jasper, Anna Daugherty aud ClaraBacon. The hostesses were ably assisted in entertaining by Mrs. CustisTalbott.Miss Belle Horton entertainedWednesday morning with a luncheonbridge, at her home on the Hume andBedford pike, in honor of Miss JanetteBrooks, "of Jeffersonville, Ind., andMiss Colvin Offutt, of Jackson, Miss.The home was attractively decoratedwith growing plants, golden rod andblack-eyed Susans. Two guest prizes,dainty handkerchiefs, were presentedto the honored guests, and Mrs. Withers Davis and Miss Nancy Griffithdrew for the score prize, a box of correspondence cards. A temptingluncheon was served to the guests, themenu consisting of creampd mushrooms in patti-shells, old ham,creamed peas, hot rolls, croquettes,sandwiches, cheese loaf, wafers, olivesmarachino ice and salted almonds.Those who enjoyed the delightful occasion besides the guests of honor,were Misses Elizabeth Crutcher. Corinne Coilins, Nannie Brent and ClareBelle O'Neal, Helen Dagherty, SallieDaniel, NancyGriffith, Rachael Wiggins, Mary Batterton, Lizzie Jasper,Mary" Wood ford. 'Mrs. Woodfprd. Vvli)iel, Mrs. -Withers- Davi3 -Sand- Mrs!Frank Kiser. ' .Attractions Booked for the ParisGrand.The management of the Paris Grandpromises the theatre-going people ofthis city ihe best class of attractionsthat have played here in years. Thefollowing attractions are booked to appear here this season:Madam Sherry.Within The Law.Readv Money.Al G. Fields.Mutt & Jeff.Putting It Over.The Country Sheriff.Margaret Illington.The Aharn Grand Opera.Bewster's Millions.Vogel Big City Minstrels.The Shephard ot The Hills.Lyman Howe.Over Night.Baby Mine.Bought and Paid For.All the above showsare poadacei bythe leading theatrical managers ofNew York and Chicago, and this factguarantees the productions to be firstclass in everv respect. The management of this theatre have gone to agreat expense to secure these attractions, having made a guarantee to several , and therefore it depends exclusively on the people of "Paris as towhether thev wish this class of showsto appear in this city. Tne publicmay rest assured that they will notpay $1.50 for a fifty ceut show.THE FAIR!For Friday Only.12 sheets writing paper, 12 envelopes, red, white and blue pencil, 6 assorted pens and pen holder, per package 5c.Buggy Whips, regular 25cwhip only 15c. Best 50c whipon the market, all loaded bottomsall styles, special each 25c.1-2 gallon pitchers, white lined,each 10c.Fruit and Ice Cream Saucers,3 for 5c.m Gray Steel Dish Pans, 21 qt.size, each 38c.Number 1 and 2 Lamp Wick, 2yds. for 5c.Shaving Mirrors, good size,each 10c.Jergens Violet Glycerine Soap,a cake, 5c.Large box White Shoe Dressing, per box 10c.Nickel plated Lamps," all complete, each 98c.Japanese Cups and Saucers, aset of 6. onlv 59c.Milk Pails, heavy quality, 25c. IPure Fresh Candies, absolutelypure, at the popular price of 10cper pound.THE FAIR.1A TRUSTDEPARTMENT?ofasKealizing the advantageshaving a corporation to actAdministrator of Estates, alsoin management of property asGuardian or Trustee,The Bourbon Bank andTrust Co.with a Capital Stock of 100,000and Earned Surplus of $50,000,organized in 1887, having had inthat time the experience necessary in conducting a Trust Company, Therefore, 'Bourbon Bank Trust Co.,Paris, Ky.has a Trust Department andSolicits Your Business. 1UlMMMiHHmJAs attorney for estate of SallieLewis, deceased. I offer at private salefor her heirs at law a vacant lot fronting 50 feet on Paris and RuddlesMillspike and extending back a distance of186 feet, in Ruddles Mills, this county.P. A. THOMPSON. Attorney.No. 4 Elks' Building,13 3t E. T. Phone 83.WhileSummer'sHeremLNew Fall Goods,Having just returned from atour of the Eastern Markets we -arein a position to show youthe very newest in Silks, DressGoods, Dress Trimmings, Laces,Lace Curtains, Neckwear andNovelties of every description.Come and help us make this aBanner Year. Your PatronageAppreciated.W. ED. TUCKER.KODAKKODAKS $5 up.CAMERAS,(Allinost Kodaks)$1.00 to $12.00.DaugUeitu BiosFALL MTUAMlro.Some Good Things to Eat.Saratoga Chips,jr- Always Fresh and Crisp.Old New York Cream Cheese.Made From Full Cream and Thor-u Hri, ousniv Aeca.esjijtfJK.itejiImported Swiss Cheese.WelPride Ourselves on its Quality.Franco Americam, Campbellsand VanCamp's Soups; Chase &Sanborn's Famous Boston Cof f ee."We are the exclusive selling agents for this celebratedline of Fine Teas arid Coffees.iS5Z "T6TT8U. B-l.n. -: T-?-l -T"-S --. ff- ff--I I1C I lUIll VJi XJVWPU I lllllS- tV .A Dining RoomSpecial.';- 'JSix Oak Dining Room Chairs,Genuine Leather SeatOne American Quartered DiningTable, 6 ft. Long When ExtendedOne American Quartered ChinaCabinet, Large and RoomyOne American Quartered Buffet5 ft. Wide Large MirrortA""'See Window For These PiecesJ- T. HINTOIN.1'A' V-yi i-i f , " -1 VTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 20, 19124' ' J '?':HERE'STHEHOGBOURBON REMEDY CO.,Lexington, Ky.Enclosed find ohoto of hoe that was cured orfiolera with vour Bourbon Hoe Cholera Remedy. This hosrwas almost dead before usinsrIhe medicine, and then was entirely cured, except loss of ears, tail, etc. The hog Is owned byMr. Skfles Ewinsr, of Bowling Green, Ky. Hewill be clad to give you a testimonial, and wocan fret several more if you want them.v JENKINS-SUB LETT DRUG CO.,Bowling Green, Ky.Ask Your Druggist for Itfor Sale dyW. T.Brooks.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prnmot oavins non - unioncompanies.tfFOR RENT.NSECT DOING CONSIDERABLE DAMAGETO PEAR ORCHARDS IN EASTERN STATESProductiveness of Many Trees in Fruit Growing Sections HasBeen Greatly Reduced by Thrips, a New Pest Most Effective Control Is Spraying.A modern five room cottage on Walker avenue. Possession given at onceADply toSen 3 3c LEE STARKE.EXCURSIONParis, Ky., toCincinnati, O.,And Return.(By P. J. PARROTT.)For a number of years pear blossoms in orchards in the state of NewYork and other parts of the east haveblighted, resulting in more or less ex.ensive losses in fruit yields.Careful studies during the pastyear have shown that the injury iscaused by the pear thrips, a neworchard pest, which has attract-ed considerable attention in recent years inCalifornia because of its destructiveness to various leciduous fruits.The adult thrips, which is largelyresponsible for the injuries to thetrees, is a small, darkish brown,winged insect measuring about onetwentieth of an inch in length. It appears in destructive numbers -whenthe buds are opening, attacking thetenderest of the flower parts. Theeggs are mostly deposited beneath theepidermis of the blossom and fruitstems. Hatching takes place within afew days, and the larvae seek preferably the calyx cups, undersides ofcalyces, and the folds or under surfaces of the tender, expanding leaves.The larvae feed for about two weeksand drop to the ground, in which theyform a protecting cell. In this cellthe insect completes its transformations and emerges from the ground in.the spring as an adult. The thrips issingle brooded; and the most activeand destructive stages are coincidentwith the period that includes the lifeevents of the swelling and opening ofthe buds and dropping of blossomsand calyces.Injuries by the thrips in the Hudsonvalley have apparently occurred overa period of five years. During thepast three years fruitgrowers generally have noticed blighting of blossomclusters of pear trees, although thenature of the causal agent seems notto have been suspected. According toSUNDAY,SEPTEHBER 15,1912,fare $1.50 And Return.Excursion Train leaves 7thStreet Station Returning to Parisat 7 p.m. :siTickets good only day osale.For further information, call on orWriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent.or J. K. SMITH, T. A.DR. DOLLE'SMESSAGE TO E8&-.YOU CAN BE CUREDHBYDE. C. L. DOLLE. -,TFhy Take Treatment That Is Doing TonJfo Good, When a Few Days under the careoZ Dr. Dolle "Will Show You How Easy ItIs to Cure These Diseases "When the ProperTreatment Is Administered.Have you treated for months and years, andbeen disappo.u ed unt.l you think that you cannot be cured ? Vo a, no doubt, all this time havebeen treated ny .ncxperienced doctors who hadneither suftcint cuoWlcdge nor experience to.know how tc rure you.These are the ilUeasrs of which. I havecared so many, justly jriviug me the reputation for cures of which I am so proud.j Blood Diseases, Skin DiseasesI will give you treatment that will In a fewdays cure ah "rash, spots aud every sign andsymptom. Mr treatment Rots the poison out ofthe syEteiv. iiMeud of drivinc it in like ordinary-treatmentt; I cure blood diseases and skin disease so tl.ey cauu.'t come back.Varicocele, c-usirg celling or pain ingroin or bccL:, I'Terroucncss, "Weakness,Jjoss of Vitality, Lack of AmbitionMy one-tref.tmont cure is what you shouldbave and -what you R-.ill have to Lave to be curedright. Only one visit is required. I do no cutting and you suffer no pain nor trouble. Allsigns disappear in a few days."Nervous Troubles, Lost VitalityMy combine I treatment for these troubles fooommonmon? those who have become weak andwornout, who have caused it by folly, dissipationand excesses, is remarkably good. "So cue believeshow quickly it benefits until they have taken it.It overcomes weakness, nervousness, pain inback, lack of energy, ambition and strength it'sjust the treatment I have found so effective intreating such diseases.Kidney and Bladder Troublesare scientifically cured by me. My methods immediately benefit you, and the majority of casesI cure come from physicians and specialists whoSailed.Piff Pictf-fila I can cure you soXUCS, ritUlcie quickly and easilythat you will be surprised. I will give you justtbe result and cure you are looking for withouta. surgical operation.A CI if r)iacac Itching, BurningALULC LlSetSe5 strong drug storeremedies seldom cure. My treatment stops everysyaptom and cures in a few days. It is scientificthat's the only sure way to be cured so it willsot come back.Yob can take my Treatment without acent aad pay me after I cure you. I knowthat I can give you new life, new hope, and canrestore you back to health and happiness. Iknow that every man will pay after I nave eliminated every trace of disease from his svstem.Microscopical and analytical urinalysis rREE.l have writeen a book that ought to be in the&ads of every suffering man in this country. Iwill send you a copy, free, if you will write me atsee the disease for which you desire treatement,Hours, A to 4 : Sund&yp, fitolp.m. Evenings,7 to 8. on Monday .Wednesday and Saturday nightsC. L. DOLLE, M. D.Otc Cetarabia Theater 596 Walnut St, betweenj Fifth and Sixth Streets.Oftce easy to find, as all that Is necessary is tomc jot the Columbia Theater, and any oh can.letl you tiis.cultivation, fertilizers, pruning andspraying for other insects and diseases should be carefully consideredin order that the most favorable conditions for recovery to health andproductiveness may be afforded to,the trees.The thrips is a difficult pest to combat because of the nature and suddenness of its attacks. Spraying is themost efficient method of control. Theperiod for effective spraying is duringthe time when the buds are breakingand until they are entirely opened atthe tips. The most promising spraying mixtures are the nicotine preparations in combination with keroseneemulsion or soap. Two or three applications on successive days duringthe past year largely prevented important injuries to pear trees. Thephysical features of the locations ofthe orchards, such as the directionand elevation of the slopes of the land,and character of the soil, have amarked influence on the developmentof the buds and the time of blossoming. The time for effective sprayingwill therefore vary with individualorchards.requires special nourishment ofeasy assimilation.Scotfs Emulsioncontains these vital propertiesin concentrated form and distributes them all over the bodywithout taxing the digestion.Scott & Bowne. Bloomfield. N. J 12-12REWARDS OFFEREDIN FRUIT GROWINGGreat Crops Are Possible WhenConditions Are Created toProduce Them.Adult Pear Thrips.statements of fruitgrowers the mostsevere attack of the thrips occurredduring 1910, when the pear crop inmany orchards was much reduced.Besides losses in yields the trees wereseriously checked by injuries to leafbuds and leaf clusters; and in someorchards the season was much advanced before the trees presented normal conditions of growth. The productiveness of pear orchards during1911 was greater than the precedingyear, but blighting of blossom clusterswas general and orchards sufferedlosses in yields according to the severity of the attacks by the thrips.Severe attacks by the thrips are aserious drain on the vitality and productiveness of the trees. In theirweakened state they are also moresubject to injuries by adverse weatheror environment, and to attacks byvarious wood-boring insects. Theneeds of the orchard with respect toFruit growing offers many rewardsin the way of great possibilities tothose who get the most out of it. Thecareful planter and the liberal feederand culturist, as a rule, gets what heis working for.In all kinds of fruit culture greatcrops are possible when the circumstances are created to produce them.A well-cared for strawberry plantation, says a writer in Green FruitGrower, often yields wonderful results; and the same can be said ofraspberries, currants, gooseberries,etc., and yet it is not best to engagein fruit culture with that as an incentive. Figure on a fair crop, and ifyou get a large one, so much the better. I would not be understood to discourage aiming high not by anymeans simply to caution tthe inexperienced against building on these exceptional yields.Do not plant too closely, and givewhat you plant close attention. Weknow a man who may not be termeda model fruit grower, yet this manmakes the most of what he has, andis successful.Good varieties, good plants, suitableground, and proper care will producefine fruit. Economy is very essential to success, and yet one must notbe penny wise and pound foolish.There must be thorough work done,and plants must not be crowded. Ittakes some thought to know just howmuch work and money to bestowupon a crop to make the most possible profit from it.It is difficult for the inexperiencedto realize the great value of experience in fruit growing. After one hastraveled the road he can see thevalue. To those who are about to establish themselveB in this interestingindustry, I would say to go slow atfirst; make small beginnings; gainyour knowledge as you go on; studyyour location and soil so that you willknow better than any one just whatis possible to accomplish with itEXCELLENT STORAGE FOR THE ROOT CROPSVjV77LATOff.iVrtyf-iY.:::-yrzi:&.':i'tyy&KJu'?7&&f::Uii$Keeping Water Cold.If you are in the habit of taking apitcher of iced water to your room onretiring, try this: Procure a squarepasteboard box (with lid), sufficientlylarge to hold your pitcher, and give ittwo or three coats of varnish on theoutside, allowing each coat to drythoroughly. Place your pitcher of water in this box on retiring, putting thelid oh tightly, and you are sure ofhaving cold drinking water any hourof the night.Repels Altack oi Death."""Five years ago two doctors told meI had only two years to live." Thisstartling statement was made by Stillman Green, Malachite, Col. "Theytold me I would die of consumption.It was up to me then to try the bestlung medicine and I began to use Dr.King's New Discovery. It was well Idid, for today I am working and believe I owe my life to this great throatand June cure that has cheated thegrave of another victim." It is follyto sueffer with coughs, colds or otherthroat and lung troubles now. Takethe cure that's safest. Price 50 centsand SI. Trial bottle free at Oberdor-fer's.Poor Brovn."Jack, dear," said Mrs. Brown,"you're so untidy. Sometimes I doubtif even your heart is In the rightplace."Few, if any. medicines, haveTmetwith the uniform success that has attended the use of Chamberlain's Colic,Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy. Theremarkable cures of colic and diarrhoeawhich ii has effected in almost everyneighborhood have given it a wide reputation. For sale by all dealers.Telephones in Asia.It is estimated that in Asia thereare about 170,000 telephones, mostlyin Japan. The number in Singaporeexceeds one thousand, and there areabout as many in Siam and CochinChina.How's This?We offer one Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.- F. J. Cheney & Co.. Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have known hJ. Cheney for the last 15 years and believe him perfectly honorable in allbusiness transactions and financiallyable to carry out any obligations madeby his firm.NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE,Toledo O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Pi ice 75 centsper Dottle. Sold by all druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.Cross Section of an Easily Constructed Pit for Roots.E. J. Delwiche of the Wisconsin station makes the following recommendations regarding the storage of rootsfor feeding purposes:The best place to store roots Is ina root cellar near where they are tobe fed. Such a cellar may be a partof a barn, basement, or it may bebuilt conveniently near to the stockbarn. In most places the root housecan be built most economically of concrete. Ordinarily cement is the only material that has to be purchased. Thegravel and sand are usually availableat no great distance on most farms.While the temperature in a root houseshould never fall to the freezing point,it should be at a low point for best results in keeping roots.When no cellar is available, rootsmay be stored in pits. For fall andearly winter feeding they need not becovered to any great depth. The rootsare put in conical pile about fourfeet in diameter on a bed of cleanstraw, then covered with a layer oftwo Inches of long straw. Clean ryestraw is preferred for this purpose.'Hie straw at the apex of the pile ismade to form a chimney five or sixinches in diameter for ventilation.Dirt is thrown on the pile to a depthof six inches. The roots are piledas high as possible so as to shed water. When wanted for feeding thewhole pit is taken into the barn atonce. For early winter feeding thelayer of dirt should be thicker, and inaddition a covering of straw should beplaced over the whole pile.The illustration shows a pit Intended to remain over winter. This provides for two layers of straw and twoof earth. A ventilator made of fourinch boards is placed at the apex.When severe freezing weather sets in,the ventilator is stuffed tightly withfine hay. In such a pit roots willkeep without freezing even in thecoldest winters. If desired, the pilesmay be made oblong instead of conicalin shape, retaining the gable form.While pits do very well, so far askeeping the roots is concerned, it mustbe understood that they are but makeshifts at best A root house which isaccessible at all times is much moresatisfactory and more economical.The ColoredAgricuiuraiAssociation ofBourbon County,To show their' appreciation forthe liberality and kindness shownthem by the white people ofBourbon and Fayette counties,will give a bigFree Cake Walkat Fair Grounds, onFriday of the Fair,September 20,For a jCash Prize of$25.00of which $12 is to go to the firstlady and gentleman, $7 to thesecond and $6 to the third.Entrance solicited from all partsof the State. Entrance free.HARVEY EIELDS,-Pres.STEPHEN MOORE, Sect.Hotand ColdBATHSHot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.NOTICE !All persons holding claims againstJulia Frank, deceased, areherebynotified to present tbe same, provenas required by the law to the undersigned. All persons indebted to the saidJulia Frank, deceased, aro requestedto call and settle same with undersigned. CARRIE FRANK,HELEN FRANK,2-3wks Executrixs.a?m?ifm?mnKJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!TRE J9B RGOfflS OFTHEBRBNNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOG ,POSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Qur type is new and modernfaces.tbe Bourbon news,104 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.fcaWiUUUUiiiiWtf, - i fr t-s vtTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARISH KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1912"i fTilrVCurtis Henry & Co.,Groceries, Drygoods, Fresh and CuredMeats, Vegetables, Fruits, Etc.iIf it comes from Henry's it's all right,because they handle the best and freshestthe markets afford. Their store is clean, freefrom flies, and evrything is handled in aan-itary way. When you deal with them youget polite attention and prompt delivery, noextra charge for either.Call either 'phone 442, and they will beglad to serve you.CURTIS HENRY & CO.Cor. 1 4th and MainJ1Sl CENCftfisrareft,SPECIAL EXCURSIONSundaSepi. 22.SPECIAL TRAINLvs. GEORGETOWN 7:45 a.ASK TICKET AGENTS FOR PARTICULARS.'v! Round clTrip flm. IDepartment StoreCor. 7th and MainHI I R5rTJj ,i i tIsKy S 'll r vfTn'toFP;-woj' jiQN-RLSTBSPECIALPrice This WeekExtra FineROYAL CORSETizesSiAil Length9CsCall in andExamine Them.PARIS,KENTUCKY.When a New PerfectionComes in at the DoorHeat and Dirt Fly Outat the. Window.What would it mean to you to haveheat and dirt banished from your kitchenthis summer to be free from the blazingrange, free from ashes and soot? ':v (Mrh i-d nt jC? yOil Cook-stoveThis Stove .saves TimeIt saves LaborIt saves FuelIt saves YOUMade with 1 , 2 and 3 burners.vrith lona, enameled, turquoise-bluechimneys. Handcomely finished throughout.The 2- and 3-bumer storescan be had with or without acabinet top, which is fitted withdrop shelves, towel racks, etcAll dealers carry the NewPerfection Stove. Free CookBook with every stove. CookBook also given to anyonesending 5 cents to cover mailing cost. -..With the New Perfection Oren, the New PerfectionStove is the most complete cooking device on the marketIt Is iust as quick and handy, too, for washing and ironing.STANDARD OIL COMPANY(Incorporated in Kentucky) &Coriaetoa, Ky4 Loukrffla. Ky Atlanta, Gau; Birmingham, Ala.; and Jacksonville. FU.TEMPLE TO RHODESEmpire Builder's MemorialErected on Lion Preserve-Table Mountain in South Africa IsWhere the Structure Is BuiltBeautiful View Is ObtainedFrom Spot Made Road.London. The memorial erected toCecil Rhodes on the slopes of TableMountain is both magnificent and fitting. The site "was always a favorite onewith Rhodes, -who believed that theview from the eastern spurs of themountain excelled any other prospectin the world for beauty. He made abroad road to it and placed a seatthere. From it a very fine view is obtained of Table Bay in the Atlantic tothe north and of Fake Bay In the Indian Ocean to the south, as well asthe Cape Flats and the distant mountain ranges stretching for a hundredmiles to the east and north.Not far from this seat it was his intention at one time to build a greattemple, as he called it, the object ofwhich was twofold. He intended tomake a huge enclosure for his lions,that they might be housed -with thegreatest possible freedom and amidnatural and beautiful surroundings.The idea in his mind was that thelions, enjoying a large range of libertyand magnificently housed, would attract people to the mountainside,where art and nature together attheir best must lift them out of themselves and inspire them with loftythoughts.Remembering that such had beenRhodes' imaginings on the mountainside, the memorial committee decidedthat the best form for the monumentwould be a temple dedicated to himself. The monument has been built of thegranite which forms the natural baseof Table Mountain and has been worked to a texture which is not so fine asto be out of scale or harmony with itsmountainous surroundings.In front of the monument is thestatue "Physical Energy," by F. Watts,R. A., representing a man reining inhis horse after some great deed andscanning the future for his nextachievement. It was not designed byWm"W S - I:ll;'tfl:)ij&vO 3KiiBsHRJTOtf5&wraCecil Rhodes Memorial."Watts especially for Rhodes or hYamonument, but was presented as agift to South Africa out of admirationfor the genius of Cecil Rhodes.Suggestions were made to place it! elsewhere. But it was Rhodes' dreamto make the Cape Peninsula the center of art and beauty in South Africa.It seemed natural, therefore, that thisgift of the greatest of English artistsshould be placed in Rhodes' monumenton Table Mountain.The eight lions, four on either sideof the long flight of steps leading upto the portico, are the work of thelate J. M. Swan, R. A.WOMEN IN 120 MILE PARADESuffragettes Have Plan to Boom Suffrage in 400 Automobiles InNew Jersey.Newark, N. J. An automobileparade over a route 120 miles longis to be held in northern NewJersey under the auspices of theadvocates of woman's suffrage. Itis expected that 400 machines will bein line. The parade will start early inthe morning at New Brunswick anddisband after sundown in Jersey City.It will pass through Plainfield, Elizabeth, Newark, Hackensack, JerseyCity, Bayonne and other cities. Ateach town there will be brief open airmeetings with addresses by womenleaders.The implicit confidence that manypeople have in Chamberlain's Uojic,Cholera and Diarrhoea ' Remedy isfounded on their experience in he UEeof that remedy and their knowledge ofthe manv remarkab'e cures of colic,diarrhoea and dysentery that it haseffected. For sale by all dealers.NOTICE.I have just secured a new barberfrom Chicago and am prepared to givethe public first class service. Give mea call. Shop is equipped with electricfans to keep you cool. Three firstclass barbers! My bath tubs are alwavs'ready. aug2tf BUCK FREEMAN.KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."Hourly High Speed ThroughService.Paris Lexington FrankfortDivision.DAM BUILDERS USE BEAVERSNew Mexico Company Hopes to Geta Reservoir Without Costto Them.Santa Fe, N. M. The revival of acustom followed by many pioneerranchmen in the west, that of employing beavers in the building ofdams, is announced by the Santa FeLight and Water company.The first pair of beavers obtainedby State Game Warden Thomas P.Gable will soon be put to work onthe Santa Fe dam.It is expected that the heavers willbuild a series of small dams alongthe stream so that water may beconserved during the rainy season. ,Dies From Hiccoughs.New York. After Hiccoughing forfive weeks, George Washington StewCars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort eerv hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m.,and at 10 p. m., the last car going onlyas far as VersaillesCars leave Lexington for Versailles.Frankfort and Paris, every hour from6 a. m. until 7 p. m, and at 9 andll d.m., the last car going only as far asVersailles.Cars leave Versailles Jfor Lexingtonand Paris every 15 minutes after thehour from 6:15 a. m. until 8:15 p. m.and at 11 :15 p. m.. last car going onlyas far as Lexngton.Cars leave Versailles for Frankforteverv 45 minutes after the hour from6 :45 a. m. until 7 :45 p. in., and at 9 :45p. m.Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington and Paris every thirty minutes after the hour from 6 :30 a. m.until 7:30 p. m., and 10:30 p . m., thelast car going only as far as Lexington. GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTON-NICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexington and Nicholasville 'every forty-fiveminutes after the honr from 5 :45 a. m.until 6:45 p. m., and at 8:05 and 10:05p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville every thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 'p. m.,and at 9 and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville tor Lexington every fifteen minutes after the hourfrom 6:15 a. m. until 8:15 p.m. and 4a10 :15 p.fm.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetown every hour on the hour from 6a. m. until 7 p. m.f and at 9 and 11 p.m.No 6 a. m. cars on Sunday .17-tfHHimwjsr w;olid-breecHHammerlessREPEATED.mis nemiogioD una nas8 cane ot beauty too ISure Safe Shooting for Man or BoyAnd a Simple Rifle to Care ForThe Remingtori'UMC .22 Repeater is rifled, sighted andtested for accuracy by expert gunsmiths. It shoots as you hold.The simple, improved safety device on every Remington-'UMC .22 repeater never fails to work. Accidental dischargeis impossible.The Remington-UMC .22 Repeater is easily cared for.In taking down, your fingers are your only tools. The breechblock, firing pin and extractor, come out in one piece permittingthe barrel to be cleaned from the breech.The action handles .22 short, .22 long or .22 long rifle cartridges any or all at the same time without adjustmentRcmington'UMCihe perfect shooting combinationRemington Arms-Union Metallic Cartridge Go.299 Broadway a New York CityBilleted Himself on Society, a,"I haven't done any -work, and Idon't intend ever to do any more.They have had the hest of my days inprison, and they will have to keep mefor the rest of my life," said a burglarat the London sessions.She Knew.He It is wonderful what m&xdtthings you girls can say to each, otherShe Well, you'd say mean things toxJif you were a girl and knew all thaiother girls were saying mean, thingsabout you.s&.'jk J'V.5?;5-I Bourbon Laundry $w(USfafafaffafafafafaVSrDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Street&frS 'We Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous f o- fine work and itdever goes heck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we lLte toappreciatesfaBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.I; ; IIt '.'IFITANDERSAntomoJbiie sWzDo ModefsBM 1' jYou Want toe Bestfw- frh4 fhpapestsrFlanders "20" Roadster, 750Don't be alarmed if somebody tells you you can buy an automobilefor less money than the $750 Studebaker-Flanders "20." You can, butyou better not. The Flanders "20" corresponds point by point with thebest and highest priced cars sold. Cheaper cars at every vital point arebuilt on ideas long ago discarded for good cars. Don't take our word forit. Make comparisons and see.The Studebaker-Flanders "20" is a marvel a high grade modern carat a low price. If you pay less 3 cu buy much less. And the cheaper cartoday will cost you far more in the long run. The competing car isn'tsold which the Studebaker Corporation, the greatest automobile manufacturers in the world, couldn't reproduce fcr less money; but we won'tbuild a cheap car, because the name "Studebaker" means the best foryour money.If you are content with a car that runs today and dies tomorrow,don't buy the $750 Flanders "20." It will wear for years.. Rememberthis the Studebaker-Flanders "20" will outwear 2 to 1 any other carunder $1100 and give you double satisfaction, confidence and comfortinto the bargain.Vc can prove it Send fcr nciv catalogueporauoni lie Studebaker CorDetroit- Mich.floafbon Garage & Sapply Company.MMmBdTMZsrwf-i1LMaiItuftart (colored) has just died at the Qerw 4fc 'sral hospital,''3 l -K yfffgj J,M m.m m , "11hHV-THE BOURBON NEWS; PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1912nGEO. W.FUNERAL DIRECTOR ANDBOTH'PHONES DAYr"Ce Borne of Correct Tootwear'DAN COHEN!THESCHOOLSAREOPEN!Let the children start right witha pair of good, up-to-date servicable Shoes. Our great purchase ofFall stocks assures you of a choiceselection of snappy, up-to-the-minute footwear that will stand therough wear at prices ofOne-Third LessTheir Real Values!We have a large assortment ofhigh top and regular cut Shoes inall leathers and in all f popularstyles, whether for school, dress orwork.FallGoodsCrowding Us ForRoom!This week we will clean out allremaining Summer Shoes and Oxfords at sacrifice prices.Specials While They Last.U3.00 and $3.50 Ladies' White Q AAShoes and Pumps, now. 9 I 5757Ladies' $2.00 White Two-strap flH JjkPumps, now W MmmmMrMisses' and Children's durable Kid But- AAton Shoes, special w w wA round-up of all odds and ends of Ladies' A gOxrords, $2 and $2.50 values, now TV(Sizes 2 1-2 to 4 1-2)Advance Fall SpecialMen's high-gradeFootwear, including all the advance styles this Fall in Tan, Gun fl AAMetal and Patent, algrcat value Lca57wDAN COHEN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky.DAVISLICENSED EMBALMEB.137; NIGHT 399.nMILLERSBURG ITEMS.'Mr?. Nora Fields has secured a position in the Fans Graded School..Miss Huth McCiIntock returned Morday after a three months7 tour oiEurope.Mr. R. E. Lynch left Monday forShelbyville, where he hopes to securea position.Mrs. John Merringer ana little son,Edward, arrived Monday as guests ofMr. and Mrs. Joe Williams.Mrs. Mattie Purnell left Mondav forthe bedisde of her daughter, Mrs.Frank Collier, of Paris, who is quiteill.Mrs. J.',T. Judy and little daughter,Katherine, returned Saturday, after aweeks7 visit to her uncle, Rev. JasperCurrent and family, at Louisville.Messrs. M. P. Collier, W. V. Shaw,T. T. Bentley and H. C. Hawkins witnessed third degree work in Daughertyj-ioage r. ana a. jlyi., alter wnicn awatermelon cutting was Indulged in. vI desire to thank my many friendsof Millersburg for the kindly assistance rendered me since my recentlossby fire. This kindness will always beremembered bv myself and wife.M. P. WELLS.Mr. and MrsWiilie Case, of Indianapolis, and arrived Monday as guestsof his parents, Mr. and MrB. AlonzoCase. Mr. Case is a Millersburg boyand went to Indiana last spring tosecure a position which he did in a little while after going there. Hisfriends will be gratified to know thathe is doing well.The Ebenezer Presbytery of theSouthern Presbyterian Church willconvene at the Presbyterian churchhere, beginning Tuesday night. Thismeeting promise to be one of unusualjnteret. inasmuch as the laymen meeting will be held in connection with it.Several celebrities have been invited,among whom is Gen. Bennett H.Young, of Louisville. The Presbyterywill open Tuesday evening with a shortsession. Wednesday will be devotedto the laymens7 meeting, with a banquet to the laymen. Wednesday night.Thursday the Presbytrey will resumeits work, closing Thursday night.The formal opening of the M. If. C.took place Wednesday morning at 9o'clock in the College chapel, whichwas well-filled. The larger part of theaudience was made up of ladies. Shortaddresses were made by Rev. W. A.Switt, retiring pastor of the Methodistchurch.Jafter which Dr. Fisher, nresident of the College, made a short talkand some important announcements.Rev. J. D. Redd, the new pastor of theMethodist church, also made a shortaddress. The boarding department ofthe school is entirely filled, and ifothers come they must take lodgingoutside of the College. The domesticscience department is one of the newfeatures of the school, and many ofthe young ladies of the town willdoubtless take advantage of this department. The College will also conduct alvceum concert course, thefirEtnumber of which will be given in October. The institution is opening underbrilliant prospects, and this bids fairto be one of the most successful yearsfrom every point m its history.Move to New Residence.Mr. Chas. P. Mann moved yesterdayfrom the cottage he has been occpyingon Seventh street to the residence inThornton Division, recently purchasedfrom Mr. W. P. Hume.RELIGIOUS.Rev. W. E.7EUis will fill his pulpit at the Christian church Sundaymorning and evening.Rev. Ebgert W. Smith, of Nashville. Tenn., will fill the DulDit of Rev.Dr. B. M. Shive at the "Presbyterianchurch Sunday.Photo Supplies.We carry a full line of "Ansco77camera and photo supplies.VARDEN & SON.A Suggestion.If you wanfa good yield of wheator rye, put it in with a Peoria DiskShoe Drill. For sale by Yerkes &Prichard. 20-4tCHOICE SEED.We are headquarters forchoice Seed Wheat, Seed Ryeand Timothy Seed.13-6t C S. BRENT & BRO.Insure your Tobacco withTHOMAS & WOODFORD.Fall Festival Next Week.The Fall Festival, under the auapicesjof the local tent of Maccabees,will begin Monday. The Kraus Carnival Companyone of the best in thecountry, has been engaged for the occasion and the week promises to beone great roun of pleasure.This year, as in each year 'past, theKraufe Carnival Company has addednew attractions and surprises for thepublic, found and prefected only bygreat labor, patience and skill and withthe'outlay of a great deal of money.The reportoir of new ideas and novelties advanced are above the oldsterotyped carnivals of a few years; ago. The new attractions, new riding devices, the new fun factoriesare of the most unique and sensational absolute from all others and arereceiving enthusiatic praise from thepress and public. The motto of theKrause Shows has ever been: "Cleanliness and Morality,77 and this seasonit will be no exception to the rule.Nothing of a rough or rowdy nature ispermitted on the carnival grounds.The free attraction will be MissEmmaMaier, the chmnjon lady swimmer of the world who will give an exhibition of fancy swimming and diving after which she will mount a ladder 75 feet in the air and dive into atank containing three'and a half feetot water. Miss Maier is said to bethe most daring lady in the world.Miss Maier will give her exhibitionof swimming and diving afternoon andevenings, during the week.G. R. Keller Succumbes AfterShort Illness.'After an illness of only a few days,Green R. Keller, editor of the CarlisleMercury, and Representative in theState Legislature irom the NicholasRobertson District, died at his fhomein Carlisle, Wednesday evening, at6:30 o'clock. He was one of the bestknownjnewspaper men" inlthis sectionof the State. Mr. Keller was strickensuddenly ill Tuesday afternoon. Hewas soon in a serious condition nad.hisphysician and relatives had 'no hope ofhis recovery from the 'start.Mr. Keller was born in Harrisoncounty on May 7. 1845. He was theson of Noah and Elizabeth Keller andreceived his edcuation in the commonschools fo the county. For a numberof years he was a resident of Parisand was identified with the newspaperbusiness. He represented Bourboncounty in the Legislature during thefirst admiistration of Governor JamesB. McCreary thirty-six years ago, andhas been the Clerk of that body several times since. Last year he waselected as representative from theNicholas-Robertson District.Mr. Keller was the founder of theCynthiana Democrat, which he subsequently sold and embarked in th newspaper business in Paris. His first venture here was Saturday Night, published first in 1876. Later he was engaged in the publication of a newsDaper and in partnership with the lateW.A. Johnson.Mr. Keller, in connection with thelate J.-M. McCann in 1876 edited andpublished a History of Paris, whichcontained many interesting sketchesof the early historv of the city, and acopy of which is still preserved in theNews office. In 1882 Mr. Keller purchased the Carlisle Mercury which hehas owned and published ever since.At the outbreak of the Civil War thesympathies of Mr. Keller went to theSouthland. In SeDtember, 1862, heenlisted in Company C. Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, the company beingformed by Capt. Harry Bedford. fcHewas in the brigade of Gen. Buford,but was later transferred to the com-'mand of General John H. Morgan.Being brave and fearless he was always at the front in all of the engagements in which his command participated. He followed his leader throughKentucky, Indiana and Ohio, and wastaken a prisoner at Buffington's Islandwhere the command, overwhelmed bytin ion troops, surrendered after one ofthe most daring raids in the history ofthe struggle.With his comrades, Mr. Keller wasconfined in a Northern prison for a period of fourteen months. Followingthe close of thexwar he returned tohis native State. He has alwaysbeen prominently identified with theinterests of the Confederate Veterans and did much toward the establishiment of the Confederate Home atPewee Valley, and was also prominent in the efforts to secure a pensionfor the aged ex-confederates.Mr. Keller was the Democratic nominee in the Third District in 1897 andwas a candidate for the Democraticnomination for State Auditor beforethe Music Hall Convention in 1899.In 1870 he married Miss Fannie Holton, of Mason county. He was a member ofDaugherty Lodge No. 65, F,and A. M., and of the ChristianChurch. The funeral services will beheld at the home on Main street Friday morning at 10 :30o'clock, and theMasons andConfederate Veterans willhave a promi nent part in the servicefl.He was the only surviving son ofMrs. Elizabeth Smith, of Cynthiana,who is eighty-seven years of age, andwho was at his bedside when the endcame. Two sons Mr. Stanley Keller,of Carlisle, and Dr. Harvey Keller, ofLouisville, also survive.Work Progressing Rapidly.Work of improving the room in theSchwartz building, at the corner ofSixth and Main street, which will beoccupied by the Peoples' Bank, is progressing rapidly.The work on the interior is beingpushed ar.d yesterday workmen begantering away tne brick front, vhichwill be replaced with white brick,giving it an attractiue appearance.A call has been issued to the stockholders forflten per cent, of the amountof stock subscribed, , to be payableSaturday. Mr. bias Bedford, 'cashierof the bank, is ready to receive, themoney from the stockholders.Nineteen Miles a Secondwithout a jar,' shock or disturbance, isthe awful speed of our earth throughspace. We wonder at auch ease of nature's movement, ar.d so do those whotake Dr. King's New Life Pills. Nogriping, no distressjust thorough workthat brings good health and fine feelings. 25 cents at Oberdorfer's.Thousands Attend DemocraticRally.Yesterday was a glorious day forKentucky Democracy, when thousandsfrom all parts of Kentucky assembledat Lexington to attend the opening ofthe campaign. The hosts began toarrive early in the morning, specialtrains from all parts of Kentucky carrying large delegations, rolled into theFayette capital.Among the distinguished visitorswho were heard on the speakers7 standwere Speaker Champ Clark of the National House of Representatives : United States Senator Ths. P. Gore, ofOklahoma ; benator-elect Ollie M.James, Congressman Swager Sherley.Ben Johnson, J. Campbell Cantrill, A.O. Stanley, Gov. McCreary. Lieut.Gov. McDermott. former CongressmanW. P. Kimball, John S. Rhea, andothers.Bourbon county sent a large delegation to the gathering, it being estimated that four hundred Democrats tookadvantage ot the opportunity to attendthe rally, which was pronounced to bethe greatest ever held in the State.Headed by the High School Band, alarge number went on the early morning cars, while each car following wascrowded to the guards. The giganticparade was the feature of the gathering, and. atter tormmg a march wasmade to Woodland Park, where themarching thousands found plenty toeat in ther shape ot barbecued meatsand burgoo,ST0CI, CROP AND FARM NOTES.Thea attendance at the State JFairfor the entire week was 98,430, an increase of 9,421 over last year.Owing to the prevalence of scabiesand foot rot in Ohio, Live Stock Inspector William Mitchell, of Masoncounty, has received instructions notto allow any sheep from that State torross the Ohio river into Mason county.Reports from the Ohio side of theriver say that the disease is sDreading, although it has not made its appearance in that county. InspectorMitchell is keeping a close eye onshippers of live stock and has notifiedthem of the qurarantine.GEORGETOWN .'COURT TheNews reportsGeorgeown court as follows: 'Yesterday was mule coltda in Georgetown and the number ofcolts un sale ecxeeded any former September court day 'for a number ofyears past. While a good many of thecalts were unsold at the close of thediy, yetjjthe vast majority of themchanged hands at fairly good prices.There was a scarcity of the real toppykind, and this class was brisk and soldat strong prices, bringing from $85 upto 115 per head. The second classmules brought from $60 to $75, whilethe common graed that found buyerswere disposed of at from $45 to $55.'T'here was about 250 head of cattleon the market. Anything with qualityfrom calves to feeders, bought goodstrong prices, but the majority ofthe offerings were the "foreign ' kind,and on this kind the bidding was notso brisk.Carpets and Rugs.Come to the carpet and rug store ifyou want something nice at reasonable prices. Large stock to selectfrom. No shop-worn patterns, all new.x J. T. HINTON.Ansco Films.Ansco films can be used in any filmcamera.VARDEN & SON.Pacing Kings.The Kentucky Trotting Horse Breeders' Association seems to have donewisely in offering a guaranteed stakeof $3,000 for pacers of the 2:05 class,for it is now almcst certain that forthe first time in 1912 there ;will be ameetirg of the four cracks, viz: JoePatchen 2nd, Batrden Direct, JonesGentry ard King Onward, the latterbeing (he only horse that has defeated Joe Patchen 2nd during the season.Jones Gentry is unbeaten; JoePatchen 2nd has lost but one race;Barden Direct but one, and thatthrough an accident, and many of theCanadian contingent stand ready toback the wonderful pony King Onwardagainst any one of the three. Thiswill certainly be a race among Kings,and moreover as the four Kings of theyear have not vet met, the battle willbe a royal one and worth soing mnayhundredjmiles to see. This race andthe Kentucky Futnriaty are carded forOctober, the first day of Lexington'sgreat trots.Announcement.We wish to announce our Fall Display of well selected Millinery willtake place on September 25 and 26.Something to please all tastes and allpocket-books,td MRS. CORNE WATSON BAIRD.Big Cake Walk.Don't fail to see the biggest cakewalk ever held in Kentucky at the colored fair at Paris, Friday, September20. S25 in cash prizes. tdGlorieus News.comes from Dr. J. T. Curtiss, Dwight,Kas. He writes: "I not only havecured bad cases of eczema in my patients with Electric Bitters, but alsocured myself by them of the same disease. I feel sure they will benefit anycase of eczema." This shows whatthousands have proved, that ElectricBitters is a'most effective blood purifier. Its an excellent remedy for eczema, tetter, sale rheum, ulcers, boilsand running sores. It stimulates kidneys liver and bowels, expels poisons,helps digestion, builds up the strength.Price 50 cents. Satisfaction guaranteed by Oberdorfer.Executor's Notice !All persons having claims againstthe estate of the late I. b Chanslorare requested topresent same provenaccording to law to the undersignedexecutor for payment, and all 'thoseknowing themselves indebted to theestate ot thejdeceased are requested tocall or mail a remittance to the undersigned. J. C. JEFFERSON,Extr. I. F. Chanslor.20 3t Millersburg, Ky.NOTICE.All persons having claims againstthe estate of G. R. Harris, deceased,are hereby notified to present sameproDerly proven according to law tome at North Middletown, Ky., on orbefore October 15, 1912.MRS. NETTIE MAY HARRIS,13 6t Adimnistrator.FOR SALE.My residence on Pleasant street".This is a well built convenient house.Water and gas in house, good cisternwith pump in kitchen. No better location, tf MISS ANNIE M. WRIGHT.4V' You can buy &.BONDS AND STOCKSm with savings, making: partial pay-? ments. The excess income overJ interest helps pay balance. Ask forp booklet "Opportunity."j& W. E. HUTTON & CO.k FIRST NATIONAL BANK BLDG. 'CINCINNATIriiiinwe''I 'NOTICE.City taxes, for the year1912 are now in my handsfor collection at my office atthe Deposit Bank.C K. THOMAS,26-tf City Collector.IN MAMMOUTH CAVE.The Dry Fall Outing to Kentucky's Great SubteraneanWonder, or 200 Miles Under Ground Wed. Oct. 1 6.Arranged for private and selectparties and their visitors. Kiver low,echo grand, cave dry. The time tosee Mammoth Cave when at its best.Round trip railroad fare 5.65 fromParis and all way stations on regulartrain 7:38 a. m. Board at Cave Hotelfrom arrival for supper until afterbreakfast morning third day, also including the two trips through thecave for $6.50. Limit on tickets 10days.Write or phone L. & N. Agent.Lexington Military Banda,112 West Main St.LEXINGTON, KY.Music For All OccasionsTELEPHONES: New185 and 638; Old,221.Only such music willbe supplied as will bea pleasure to our patrons and a credit tothe organization.PUBLIC SALE-OF-Household and KitchenFurniture.Having decided to locate in thejWestIlwill offer an public auction at mypalce on ggjtfWednesday, Sept. 25, 1912,the following :1 Oak Bedroom Suite,2 Handsome Folding Beds.1 Davenport, new,1 Dining Room Set, including table,chairs and sideboard,Chiffonier, Writing Desk. SewingMachine. Tables, Book Case, HallChairs, Rockers and Porch Furniture,1 large range.Cooking Utensils, MilkCans, Pan3and Crocks,1 Moore's Airtight Heater, 1 Gasoline Stove,1 Washing Machine,1 large Iron Kettle,1 large Refrigerator,1 Automobile,1 Buggy and Harness,1 No. 1 Milk Cow,Plows, gears and many other articlestoo numerous to mention.TERMS Made known on day ofsale. Sale positive, beginning at 10o'clock.HENRY S. CLAY.Paris, Ky.Col. Geo. D. Speakes,"Auct.per FM1Icent. $1,000 to $100,000W. KING & SON,125 Chcapsldc, Lexington, Ky.TheeGoIncorporated.Manufacturers ofHarness, Horse Boots andLeather Novelties ofAll Kinds,All Orders Promptly Executed AndWork Guaranteed.No. 304 fvlain StreetRepairing of All Kind DoneWhile You Wait.andOrehestrBourbonHopsGoodsOpp. Court House.1 -iCwvr 't