THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, APRIL 30, 1912ASft4S1 IMillinery SpecialFor This Week Only.75c Pattern Hats worth from $6to $10.00 each at498The Simon Department Store,iaris, KentuckyAgents for McCall Patterns, Werner Bros.' Rust-ProofCorsets, Eiffel Brand Hosiery, Gage Bros.'LHats and McCall Patterns.t want to Live Welland Save Money,ee LENIHAN.16 lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.003 lb can Asparagus 20c2 cans- good Corn.. . ......... ...Jlc ,tNavy Beans, per lb ' ". -:-.' -6c3- tie Broom 35c4- tie Broom or Parly Queen 45c10 bars Cardinal Soap 25cThe best Coal Oil, per gallon 1 OcBLUE RIBBON FLOUR25-lb Sack 80c50-!b Sack $1 .601 OO-Sb Sack $3.20T. C. LENIHAN,Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234Fugitive From Justice Arrested.After being a fugitive from justicealmost a year and a half James Jones,v anted in this city on a charge ofshooting and wounding with intent tokill, was captured yesterday afternoonand is in jail awaiting his examiningtrial.The capture of Jones, was broughtabout through the efforts of PatrolmanFred Link, who was the arrestingofficer, and after he had gained information of the presence of the man inthis city, who has been so long soughtby tha police.Jones was reported yesterday morning to be at the home cf Mrs. Byrd onEighth street, and the officer wentthere in search of him. However, hisefforts were without result, as Joneswas nowhere to be fund. Leavihgthe occupants of the house under theimpression that he was looking foranother party, the officer went away.Later in tha day Patrolman Link returned to the place and in driving byhe saw Jones sitting on the porch.Without displaying any intention toarrest Jones he drove around to therear of the house and coming in therear door, took Jones into custody, almost before he was aware the officerwas in his presence.Jones is wanted here for the shooting of Sam Custer, a negro, at thelivery stable of Martin Bros., on theafternoon of December 9, 1910.The shooting occurred about 4:30o'clock in the afternoon, and is saidto have been unorovoked.Custer, who lived at Brentsville, anegro settlement, had disposed of ahorse to Martin Bros, the day beforeand being in town Saturday went tothe stable on Eighth street, and wasseated in the office when Jones ia saidto have entered. He became abusiveand when Custer started to leave theoffice, he drew his revolver and firedthree shots into his body. rTThe first shot took effect near therignt shoulder blade, and the force ofthe shot turned him around, the secondshot entering his mouth while thethird shot struck him in the left breastabout three inches trom the heart andpassed entirely through the body.After the shoofing, Jones, who wasunknown to any of the witnesses.madehis escaDe out Eighth Street, but anaccurate description was furnished thepolice, who ascertained later his nameand place of residence and a diligentsearch was made for several weekswithout result.Sometime after the shooting Joneswas reported to have been shot todeath in a fight at a dance in Scottcounty, but it later developed that theman killed was not the one wantedhere, but a brother. The whereaboutsof the man who shot Custer remaineda mystery until the officials receivsdIheTnformation yesterday that he wasin Paris, and which led to his arrest.Custer remained in a serious condition for some time as'a result of hiswounds but finally recovered, only tobe stricken with blindness. He is anegro of good character and is highlyrespected. JThe examining trial ofJones has been set tor Friday morningat 10 o'clock and will be held by SquireL. J. Fretwell, who issued the warrantfor his arrest on the night of the shootirig."WE KNOW HOW"SpecialistsOn9The XTRAGOOD Labc!Makes Satisfaction Sure.Sailor, Russian and Junior suits, pretty cheviots,worsteds and serges, newest combinations for Springwear, large graceful collars,silk ties, trousers lined.Most .artistic designs on themarket, 2 1-2 to 10years $5.00Boys' two-piece doublebreasted and Norfolk suits,plain two-piece suits withfull lined ' 'knickers;" alsoNorfolk and " knicker "trousers; new Spring' styles,large variety of styles andchecks. A very popularAllIBmMMVTRAGOQT)stvle ior this season, durable serge linings.the style and appearance of much higher-pricedclothing; sizes 7 to 17 years $7.50PRi6&&60.6iotHiersmm,IPmillLeague Season Opens TomorrowEverything is in 'readiness for theopening of the BIuk Grass League in.this city tomorrow afternoon at WhitePark, when the Bourbonites will meetup with the Hustlers from Winchesterin the opening tilt of the seasom andthe occasion Dromises to be one ofmore than ordinary interest to the local fans. From the fact that this isthe first year since Paris has beenmember of the Blue Grass Leaguethat the season has opened here, is anassurance of a joyous welcome to theadvent of the great National sDortNot only is the game itself to be a feature. but a program incident to theopener has been arranged and wlil occupy a prominent part in the usheringin of "the sport which by far is themost welcomed of any.The local management is arrangingfor a gala day on the occasion of theopening of the season tomorrow, andthey will be assisted in a marked degree by the citizens and base ball fansof the city, who are desirous of making May 1. the most memorable in thehistory of baseball in Paris. TheParis High School Band, fourteenstrong has been engaged and will headthe parade m the afternoon to becomposed of the members ot the twoclubs, the officers and a long line of enthusiastic fans from both Paris andWinchester.Just where the carada will be formedhas not been definitely decided upon.but a march wil b e made to the ballpark, which it is calculated!will be inadequated to accomodate the largecrowd that will assembletowitness theopening struggle in the championshiprace. An invitation has been extendedMayor Hinton to make an address anddeliver the first ball, which he has accepted, and will be on hand tomorrowatternoon to launch the opening contest.The merchants have signified theirintention'of closing their sores fromtwo until five o'clock in the afternoon,to allow all employes to attend thegame which is scheduled tobe called at3:15 o'clock. Manager Lewis is yetundecided who he will pitch in theopening contest as all. of the hurlersunder contract have displayed remarkable ability in the practice games,and was not prepared last night togive a complete line-up of the team.Dunlap's 'injury Sunday afternoonhas upset the plans to some extent, asit was intended to work the formerCentral leaguer on the first station,fopkin, however, will likely fill thatposition.The information was given out lastnight th t Elmer Locke, who playedlast year in the Mountain StateL eaeue has been signed by Paris andwill probably arrive to participate inthe opaning game. He is au infielderand comes highly recommended.MEN'S CLOTHESCffYou Seek a Specialist for allother Complaints, so why not1 come to us and be cured of theClothes troubles which beset youSeason after season?CflWe have studied the science ofselecting clothes that appeal todifferent people and offer goodvalue and perfect satisfaction.Stetson and Dunlap Hats.StetsonKorrect ShapeDr. Reed's CushionSHOES2 Mitchell & Blakemore,p Outfitters to Men Paris, Kentuckymm.guizi i ii u 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1. tiTiLiii ni fiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiii iiiinuiniiiiiiniriiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiniiiiiiniiiiiiJMiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiis on) 1IFRANK & CThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.Special Showing OfWhite DressesFor Misses and Children. Suitable for CommencementWear.DressesFor Receptions and DancesPumps and Slippers.A Complete line of White Nubuck and CanvasButton High Shoes and Pumps for Ladies,Misses and Children.Also a New LineCun Metal Pumps and Button Oxfords, Satin Pumps inWhite, Black and Colors.Ready to Wear Hats.For Ladies, Misses and Children at Popular Prices.Frank & Co.Paris, - - Kentuckyaimiiiiiiiiiiiiiwtmiiuamiren f'4'.9kTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 30, 1912LIFELONGFOR WEAK,DISEASED MENEstablish 1392) BY A TRUE SPECIALISE OR MEN. (Established J892)There is absolutely no jmtrtiworlc nlioat tlio rt'sults of tlie course of treatment Igive for encli of the iesise: I it:iL a t eela.lty, or oon after 'beginning mytreatment every syajnloiu tZ dlscaso dla;jear3 cml the trouble never returns.LGWELT CHARCE3 !! QUICKEST CURESThat Stay CuredA CDIvT AZ-J CUREXr. C. X,. Dollo.13 ovist I vill vo:i if y-.r c; i-s r:ral,!e; if not, I Trill not'.vc7.t y.ur r.icuey n:id runi.ne Vj do ayii.injj for you. The bestficreaw4! I toui.i'fuvc it. jirou-SMonal" reliability are the manycured, tatSid juiU-jnts I l'.K.is. v.i.it'h j.rovcs that my treatmun: ct;res uhci or.l;c:i f.til t i '.vn neiiefit.YOU CAS TAXi. :-aY ai.ATT.I7 N t WITHOUT A CENT ANDPAY Ai'Tfclll J. t JL'Uh. VOv . I .:n:t a chauca to prove I can cureKeiS'.'imM-.-. :rc-tinert i:i rifTcront, l-ftrr rml COSTS YOUItOTHJLNii u i. u.a a Willing. p;ln.l an siLtintied to pay me.TUi.-.'-li Aii 2'LH DIKA;-i. iP V.iUCJi I HA YK CUREDSO MANY ::hk- 1: V OK "R OJI FAII.I-.D TO IVECEIVE A.UK!i IN Tl.lLATlXiJ: V.JTtl GTHlAl Si'l.CXAXIaTS.Blood Poison, Skin Diseases : IV?gtrds' NeU8-GiMdfcMucous patiiM, copp. r-c.1 a varicose ir, ii 1 ar ccien tSpots, Rheumatic Pa uis,i.czftna, j ' , , . , . .tBurning, Nervousness. .1::U, l;nnthy. twined, worm-likeT " T-r v co:idit;cu ur veins, more often on left side.Nervousness, W ee.::.. Landing lower.T-1J, TX1 -"U Xer7ttuan';f. SrmHoms Arliinc or pain in Groin orJ- dlllUg XJ.Ccti.HJ., V7eaknes, i cor ""side, tronn'i3r, Weakness, X.OBB ofMemory, loss of Kjwrpr, Jtis'i on i lin ; Vitality, 2.ai'U of Ambition.1 Ambidon, Wornont reeiiaKJimMl, Kes,:-1 X CK.C Varieoso Enlargement by oneache, Backache, Kxc. ssos, .5e.antjU.,ly, j j.. j f Tls5t without a severeiily Ezcxtod, Restless at Isihtr 8n:nQ SursirflI orenit;r.n rr suffering, or keepingof the symptoms that ustroy mmlu i. i v " Vr.. LlMuc-s,TT. T7-J Z TJ1JJ1 : ' ' J 'urmaryianey aijuijiauuui , A itcMB Burning"Hicoococ Obstructions. Stmnnns:, u.Li iL.J.i awolling andJJlScaScb rain in licclc, ISSaddcr J.lhrumatiKm.r 'FREE CONSULTATION AVO KX "TlVATTON. -.Vrif " f.-r Frco Boole. QuestionBlank and get my Charge, Terms, Timj of Cure and .Pull Information FKEE.Address or call caDR.C. L DOLLE, Men-Specialist, 525 WALNUT STREET,Between 5th and nth Aviwcf,(Near Fountain Sq.) Cincinnati, O.I SIGN TEIS COUPON FOR A YAI.UAIi7-nBOOK. FREE.O. T.. nOJ.I.K, A. II.. ?I- S25 Malnnt Street, Clnclnnili. 1, In-1. rjte m'L'I mc free one of your books' V'J'O Pick forilfa;" elo Question Blank, as I deiiret eirils my c to j ou Icr the purpose of takingt -vatni, ii I diyids you can euro me and yours m Ijw chough to SUit cc.eTri'StaU.wBourbon Laundry!D.WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.HHHHH If99Office Opp. Postoffice.- (lbA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get yonr laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notre'gret it.Bourbon Laundry,"Paris, Kentucky.fNot Intentional Crime."You are charged with poisoningthis lady's pet dog. I shall deal severely with such ingratitude. She"jtestifies that she had just given youfa mince pie." "I didn't do it intentionally, judge. I did feed him a piecepf de pie."Knowledge Must Be His Guide.As the Spanish proverb says, "Hewho would bring home the wealth ofthe Indies must carry the wealth ofthe Indies with him." So it is intraveling: A man must carry knowledge with him if he would brnghome knowledge. Samuel Johnson.THE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year $2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion. .Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on CBndidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar mat! er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right o? publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.Steel Trust in Politics.That the Steel Trust is willinc tospend money to elect men to publicoffices who are willing to serve it afterthey get into office, is again beingdemonstrated.2 When Theodore Roosevelt was president of the United States he permittedthe Steel Trust to absorb its principalrival, the Tennessee Coal and Ironcompany, ihis permission to violatethe law was worth millions of dollarsto the Steel Trust, because it practically assured the trust a monopoly,leaving it free, by the simple processof tightening the screws on the public,to extort most any pi ice it desires forits wares.The absomiion of the Tennessee company by the Steel Trust was in directviolation of both the spirit and the letter of the law. No one denies this.Not even the attorneys for th& SteelTrust contend now.oi ever did contend,that the deal was legal.This is not the only favor TheodoreRoosevelt did for the Steel Trust, 'ordid the harvest trust at the request ofGeorge W. Perkins, then partner of J.Pierpont Morgan.Roosevelt's commissioner of cornorations investigated the harvester trust,found it illegal, but at the suggestionof Mr;. Perkins, the report was notmade public.The most exhaustive search of therecords during the years that Rooseveltwas President fails to show the passage of a single measure that even inthe most remote manner affected themonopoly and the huge dividens of theSteel Trust. Hundreds of such measures were introduced into both theHouse and the Senate while Mr. Roose.rii23 XT I C3X1III Model No. 40IPIIPrice $900Completely EquippedIIIIWill stand more hard use and abuse thanI amy Sight: roadster ever built. The idea 3car for the busy man. The best finished,best bi5s8t9 simplest and strongest car ofits class.Perfectly Noisless, 26 Horse-Power, 30x3 1-2 WheelSliding Gear, Selective Type Transmission,Three Speeds Forward and Reverse.iitYERKES & PRICHABJDBoth 'Phones 66velt was President. Each and everyonewas chloroformed and killed in committee. And Mr. Roosevelt . neverraised his voice in protest.Mr. Roosevelt is now a candidate foroffice. Every politician in the land isaware that he is spending more moneyto obtain delegates than any candidatefor the Presidency has spent in thiscountry in the last quarter of acentury. Where is this money t comingfrom? Let us see :Eton Huntington Hooker, treasurerof the Roosevelt league, has j.ust tiledwith the secretary of state of NewYork a list of contributors to theRoosevelt tfund. This sworn affidavitreveals that in the city of New Yorkalone George W. Perkins, organizer ofthe harvester trust and directors ofthe Steel Trust, spent $15,000. FrankA. Monsey. the'largest individual holder of steel stock (common) in thecountry, contributed $15,000 more.Thirty thousand dollars of steel trustmoney spent in a city of one statealone, and there are 47 stateB in theunion ! This 'sworn statement showsthat in New York City $59,126.75 wasspent to get about 15,000 Rooseveltvotes, or practically $4 a vote.SenatorxSteohenson spent only halfas much per vote in Wisconsin and itwas declared that he thus dobauchedAmerican standards and should not bepermitted to occuDy a seat in theSenate !The point to this article, however, isthat the steel trust stands by itsfriends.Chief Executorer Issues Order.Col. Green R. Keller, editor of theCarlisle Mercury has issued his fifthannual proclamation for "rat killing"as follows :"Every house holder in Nicholascounty is urged to celebrate May 1 bykilling every rat possible. There isnothing so destructive as rats.and theycause the peoplemillions of dollars oflosses every year. You can save manydo'lars bv making them scarce. Don'tregard this as a joke, but get busy andkill every rat about youi premises ifpossible."G. R. KELLER. Chief Rat Killer."aunquj, jo akn; annoqi jo ojunbs au; su ossojouc di; sqiWAV Mauip S30dBu oqi rao.ij paiosxausaaqsipcq jo ;unourc oq) uodn o.vsqs oSutjqo n qons 3009 Bq.v ja-q)"C.i ;nq 'aurnu jsqjo Ann Aq jo s;na-pnouuodns raooj-Samip,, soAiasmsqi1vd sjoibav puoq aeqjaqA. ;ou si so-jaant oiiqnd jaiqo jo uonsanb..aiqEuosuaj scuaj, papnp-ui snop anoj 'paqsiuunj Xiapiduiboasnoq ,snop 'squoui xts ' joj dA2a01 2uto2 iCiurej "c A"q pnqo injajBOu 0 'juai tog,, :;uauiasnJApu siqi3IOOI.IOAO OU Sp30l0p0S 9qi 9t 'QJlujapoux 30 sapuaSixa aq Xq paonpuj-jodns ijuq 30 saouejsni Snppas ui'Auq pimo injajeo e oj.Great Eubolik at Lexington.Jan Kubolik, wisard of the violin,world's greatest musician, with theNew York Symphony Orchestra, conducted by Walter Danrosch, America'sforemost leader, will appear in agrand double bill at the LexingtonAuditorium, Wednesday night, May 1.Those two attractions, each the greatest of its kind in the world, combinesto make Lexington's annual May Daymusical festival one that offers musiclovers the moat sublime treat of theage.Kubolik, will appear -at the Auditorium in the second to last concertto be given in America, as he is nowcompleting his third tour of this country, prepnratory to sailing for SouthAmerica. While it is doubtful if thisgenius of the violin will ever again beheard in America, that he certainlywill never again be en tour with thefamous New Yor Symphony Orchestra.Kubolik, with his four famous violins costing $91,000, insured for$60,000, Jhis $85,000 hands comes toCentral Kentucky while he is attaining the pinnacle of success, the idolof five continents, criterion for allmusicians.Special arrangemnts will be madefor music-lovers of Paris who wish toattend thia concert May Day in Lexington. Interurban cars will leaveParis "and Lexington at hours convenient tu Bourbon county, citizens.The scale of prices for "this concertis as follows : Box seats $2 50; Reserved seats, Lower floor S2 Balcoy $1.50. Standing room and admission $1. Mail orders, accompanied bycash or checks, will be filled in theorder received. Everyone is especially urged to be prompt in securingtheir reserved seats, as the rush wiilbe tremendious when the seats .areplaced on Jsale at Jthe Hippodromeoffice on Wednesday, April 24, at 10A. M. Patrons are urged to be seatedpromptly at 8:15 o'clock, as no onearriving late will not be seated untilintermission.JDon't be surprised if you have anattack of rheumatism this spring.Just rub the affected parts withChamberlain's Liniment and it willsoon disappear. Sold by all dealers.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclap? barbers. 13 tfWhy He Was Late."What made you so late.""I met Smithson."Well that is no reason why youshonld be an hour late getting hometo supper.""I know, but I asked Jhim how hewas feeling, and he insisted upon telling me about his stomach trouble.""Did'you tell him to take Chamberlain's Tablets.""Sure, that is what he needs."Sold by all dealers. -A BLOOD BfEDiCSNE! WITHOUT AIoCOHOL.Recently it has besn deSnitly proven by experiments oa animals that alcohollowers the germicidal power of the- body and that alcohol paralyzes the white corpuscles o the blood and renders them uaame to take up and destroy disease germs.Disease germs cause the death o over one-half of the hurcn race.A blood medicine, made entirely without slcchol, wlrich is a pure glyceric extract of roots, such as Bloodroot, Queen's rcoi, Golden Seal root, Mandrake andStone root, has been extensively sold by druggists for the past forty years as Dr.Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery. The refresh. t& influence of this extract is like;Nature's influenso the blood is bathed in the ton.f which gives life to the bloodthe vital fires cf the body bum brighter end their increased activity consumes thatissue rubbish, which h-s accumulated during the v:;;tcr.Dr. R. V. Pierce, the founder of the Invalids' Hotel andSurgical Institute, and a physician of large experience andpractice, was the first to make up an Alterative Extract croots, without a pariicle c a'.cohol or narcotic.' "It 13 with fas greatest of plcnsure, that I write to let you know ofthe grcst benefit I received Iron the use of your medicines and selftraatment at home," vritea 133. Y M. IISYE3, of Ladysmith, B. C. " I suffered for three year3 from a running sore. Consulted four doctors hut,? they failed to mend or give relief. Finally I wa3 told I was in consump-vv, tion and would have to consult a, specialise concerning my ear. that the);. dead bone must be cut out before the wound would heal. A kind friendadvised me to write to Dr. Pierce, which I did, and after seven monthsuseof the treatment the sore is nealed, and 1 enjoy better health than Iever did. 1 dressed the wound with Dr. Pierce's All-Healing Salve andtook the 'Golden Mei.ical Discovery and 'Pleasant Pellet3' for mytroubles. I shall alwuys recommend your medicines.Mas. TTrarns. Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regulate liver and bowels.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER,BOTH'PHONES DAY 13 7; NIGHT 399.Why not you join the great army ofcustomers and burn-Now isthe time to try a load.DodsonPARIS, KY.East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local and : -LONGDISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millsrjbarg, Nirlh M iddleto wn, -Little11 Rock anRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service."Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporatedNOTICETOFarmers!8 am Paying from 50c to 75ceacSi for Sheep Hides.Tallow and 5 1 -4c per lb.MAX MUNICK,8th Street, . PARI3, KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 374NEW - BARBER - SHOP !Modern Equipment4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.Jlnnk LanqbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.aiiglGtfEast Tenn. Phoe 669Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDJoe. G. Mitchell,Against Fire, Tornado andLightning. Tw0 old reliable, prompt paying companies.Phone 162Agent.LOWRY & TALBOTTALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.will not be yours unless you'have afit's with fc&Airfir SV MSSfk&fMajestic Rangein Your KitchenJf Come in and see them. TheyJare the best made. ATHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 30. 1912.You -will look a good Sfrhile beforeyou find medicine that is better forcoughs and colds than Chamberlain'sCough Remedy. It not onlygivas reliefit cnres. Try it when you havea cough or cold and yo.u are certainto be pleased with the prompt curewhich it will effect. For sale by aildealers.IS THE BEST IN THEWORLDbecause it is made ofthe purest and best ingredients, because itcontains more healing,strengthening and upbuilding .material thanany other Emulsion, andbecause it is a perfectproduct of a scientifically perfect process.Doctors the world overrecognizeScott's Emulsionas the Standard preparation of Cod Liver Oil.AU, DRUGGISTS11-22"My little son had a severe cold. Iwas recommended to try Chamberlain's Cough Remedy, and before asmall bottle was finished he was aswell as ever," writes Mrs. H. Silk,9 Dowling street, Sydney. Austrlia.For sal by all dealers.BONDS AND STOCKSvdh savings, making partial Day-5 nients. The excess income over m5 interest helps pay balance. Ask for 2booklet "Opportunity." SSheSaved by His Wife.'s a wise woman who knowsjust what to do when her husband'slite is m danger, but Mrs. It. J. Flint,rsramtree, vt., is that kind. "She insisted on mv usiner Dr. "Rrinp-'s Np.wDiscovery," writes Mr. Flint, "for aareaami cough when I was so weakmy friends all thought I had only ashort time to live, and it comnlfttfilvcured me." A quick cure for coughsana colas, it's the most safe and reliable remedv for manv throat andlung troubles grip, bronchitis, croup,wiiuuiijg uougn, quinsy, tonsiiins,hemorrhages. A trial will covince you.50c & Si. Guaranteed bv Oberdorfer.Saves Leg o! Boy."It seemed that my 14 year oldboy would have to lose his leer on account of an ugly ulcer, caused by abad bruise," wrote D. F. Howard,Aquone, N. C. "All remedies andand doctors treatment failed till wetried Bucklen's Arnica Salve and cured him' with one box." Cures burns,boils, skin eruptions, piles. 25c at Oberdorfer' s.For rheumatism you will find nothing better than Chamberlain's Liniment. Try it and see how quickly itgives relief. Sold by all dealers.You can buyW. E. HUTTON & CO.FIRST RATIONAL BANK ILDQ.CINCINNATI5fy. CINCINNATIFortunes in Faces.There's often much truth in the saying "her face is herfcrtune," but itsnever said where pimples, skin eruptions, blotches or other blemishes disfigures it. Impure blood is back ofthem all and shows the need of Dr.King's New Life Pills. They promotehealth and beauty. Try them. 25c atUberdorfer's.Cf DCLaSC. POULTRY CLT:derm c. rhic'"s tLroat cureigape-;. A few drops in thearfnkirp: water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaana other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Diseases of Fowls" sent FREE.Bourbon Remedy Co. Lexington, IjW.T. Brooks, DruggistFOR RENT.Beware of Ointments for CatarrhThat Contain Mercury,as mercury will surely destroy thesense of smell and com Dleuely derangethe whole system when entering itthrough the mucous surfaces. Sucharticles should never be usedJ excepton" prescriptions from reputable physicians, as the damage they will dois teniom to the gooa you can possibly derive from them. Hail's CatarrhCure, manufactured by F. J. Cheney& Co., Toledo, O., contains no mercury and is taken internally, actingdirectly upon the blood and mucuoussurfaces of the system. In buyingHall's Catarrh Cure be sure you geethe genuine. It is taken internallyand made in Toledo, O., by F. J.Cheney & Co. Testimonials free.Sold by druggists, 75c per bottle.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. A Log On the Trackof the fast express means serioustrouble ahead if not removed, so doesloss of apjetite. It means lack of vitality, loss of strength and nerveweakness. Tf appetite fails,take Electric Bitters quickly to overcome thecause by toning up the stomach andcuring the indigestion. Michael Hessheimer of Lincoln. Neb., had beensick over three years but six bottlesof Electric Bitters put him right onhis feet again. They have helpedthousands. They give nure blood,strong nerves, good digestion. Only50c at Oberdorfer's.The Glenn cottage on Vine street offive rooms, reception hall and bathroom. Possession given May 1 CallE. T. phone 198. tfHot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.Professional CardsJ J. WIIililAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.loom 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones j ioiSO.ResidenceE. T. 334.Home 334.DR. A. B KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'g.Paris, - . - - - KentuckyHORSE CIPFINGPrepare your horses forspring by having them clipTied now. We are preparedto do clipping in a sales fac-tnrv manner and at salesfactory prices. Call on us.TRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special, attention given to all kinds ofhfliiin?. Moving is ourz?specialty.'MARTIN BROS.Eighth Street Both PhonesNo Sale for Them.The market price of wild ' oats iapretty high for those who buy them,but they won't sell for anything. Atchison Globe.ST33jThelNettletonJap ModelIs the BusinessMan's Favoritewith its comfortable, roomy fittingqualities, its low,broad heel, and toeexpression of goodsense.We picture the JapModel in a soft GlazedKid Blucher, with aheavy single sole of oldfashioned oak - tannedleather. We have othermodels of the NetrletonMake but recommendthe Jap to the busy manforvery day wear.Geo. McWillianis.TOURBIGONEGREATFURNITURESayYesCARPET, MATTING, STOVE, PORCH,and Lawn Swing Buying Opportunity !The Greatest Money-Saving House-Furnishing Event in This City'sHistory---Every Piece of Furniture, Carpet, Rug, Matting, Brassand Iron Beds at Actual Cost and Less.Pretty Strong, YouTRUEBut not one bit too strong, for it is the year's Selling Sensation. For every legitimate Sale, no matterwhat its nature, there is always a reason. Honestlegitimate Sales are the only sort we conduct andnecessarially there is a reason why. So 'Wednesday, May 1st, 1912,will begin our great money-savilg Sale aud will rununtil Wednesday, IVfay 1 h. Remember that wewill take care of you with open accounts.We Present the f)orttinityThe Opportunity of Yocir Lif eTimeTo Secure a Fine Piece of Furniture, Carpet, Rug or Range ata Factory Price. " ,A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Main StreetOpp. Court House,Paris, KymmmmmCOME to I.E!22:i3SrC3-TON"And Enjoy-A-notlxerBiTimeDuring theSPRING RACES April 27 to May 9: Greatly REDUCED RAILROAD RATES for EVERY DAY. Cheaper than staying at homeBesides .look at the Merry Good Time in store for you The RACES are BIGGER andBETTER tlian ever. The MERCHANTS are ready to CORDIALLY WELCOME YOU.COME TO THE GREAT RETAILMARKET OF CENTRAL KENTUCKY.Five hundred Stores carry the Greatest Assortment of Spring Goods ever seen in Kentucky.Besides the prices are right. Ycu "can Liiy yourself rich for very little in Lexington.JL.ToVERYr mm W tf si fi?sjzs 'sssMv: es&si issb nose gsrjgrST3EPaaBa,BBBfaTBs-Ksa ssi&cs V-Kty csuba33 3 kwyi3tC230THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 3d; 1912.Center of Tunnel Reached.The crew engaged in digging theunnell atlGrant's Bend twelve milesSouth of Covington on the L. & N.,met in the center Friday, and the contractors expect to have the concretework completed by June 15. The firstBick was stiucklin the ground at bothends of the tunnel on August 15, 1911.No trains will '.be allowed to runthrough the tunnel until October 1.when it will be turned over to thecompany by the contractors. Thenew tunnel, which js parallel with theold one, is 2,100 feet long, 100 feetlonger than the old one. The doubletracking of the rqad is progressingrapidly despite the fact the road hasbeen hampered by the severe winter,and all the trains are making goodtime.Plan Big Hotel.Apian is on foot in Carlisle to erecta new hotel on the site now occupiedby theKimbrough House, and the outlook for a new 'hostelry is consideredvery bright bv the promoters. TheKimbrough House is widely knownthroughout this section, and is said tobe more than half a century eld. Mr.Guy Overfcy. of this city, is the present lessee of the building.Wool Wanted.Send and get sacks. We are payingthe highest market price for wool.16-6t R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.The White Caps at the Comet.One or the most remarkable picturesever made will be seen at the Cometthis afternoon and nieht. "The WhiteCaps" deals with the tragedy of Reelfoot Lake, Tenn., about a year ago,which was the sensation of the entirecountry. The picture is in two reelsand .twenty slides and an interestinglecture accompanies every performance. Admission ten cents and fivecents for children.Watch For Plat of Jones1 NewSubdivision Sale May 15.One of the prettiest building siteB inParis is! the old fair grounds. Theowner of a large portion of thisbeautiful tract is Mr. John S. Jones.Mr. Jones is subdividing this propertyand will put on the market 25 of theprettiest lots ever offered in Paris.The date for this sale has been set forWednesday, May 15. Wait for thissale. Watch for the advertisement.Two ProfitsFrom the Same Land atthe Same TimeHHE more fertile your land,the greater its value andthe larger the crop.Farmland is made fertile byevenly spreading the properquantity of stable manure.Therefore, the farmer who usesan I H C manure spreader collects a double profit. He mar-z kets heavier crops and his landis made more valuable.To find out how this is done,see your local dealer and havehim show you anI H C Manure SpreaderKemp 20th CenturyCorn King orCloverleafThe local dealer will show youwhy an I H C spreader does thebest work why it makes themost of the manure it spreads..The service he can render youis worth dollars to you and itcosts you nothing. Buy an tH C manure spreader fromyour local dealer and collect adouble profit from your farm.Mtrottlonal Harvester Company of America'Incorporated)OicigB USAI H C Service BureauThe purpose of this Bureau is to furnish,free of charee to all, the best informationobtainable bn better farming. If you haveany worthy questions concerning soils,crops, land prainage. irrigation, fertilizer,etc.. make vo.ur inquiries specific and sendthem toIHC Service Bureau, HarvesterBuilding, Chicago, USArenimLook much better, last longer!The richest window curtains losetheir beauty against the background of a shabby shade. To doyour curtains justice set them offwith shades of Brenlin. For BrenIin shades always hang straightend smooth, and contain no "filling" to crack, wrinkle, fade orhow unsightly "pin boles." TheyFor Sale byYoung Burglar Taken Into Custody. Through a clever piece of detectivework Patrolman Fred Iyink, after a diligent search, took into custody Noel Stivers, a young white boy, aged 16 years,who was charged with committing anumber of burglaries in this city, andyoung Stivers was committed to theState Reform School until he attains hismajority.Tuesday night the bakery of HenryGrosche, at the corner of High and. Seventh streets, was entered, and a smallamount of cash taken from the cashdrawer. The intruder gained an entrance br breaking out a small sectionof the glass in the front window to reachthe night lock.On the same night the dry goods storeof Frank & Co., on Main street, wasentered. An entrance was effected bycntting out a panel in a rear door, andbreaking out a glass in a window. Several dollars in cash were taken from thecash drawer.These, with several other burglaries,were reported to the police, who wereworking on the case, when, on Fridaymorning, two other burglaries were reported. One of these was the store ofHarry Simon, where entrance was effected by breaking out a side light in therear of the blacksmith shop of Bradley &Brannon. Aside from a water key,which was kept in the cash register,uothing else was missed. .At the hardware store of Ivowry &Talbott an attempt was made to enterthe building by breaking the plate glassin the front door, but as the lock was animproved affair, the intruder did notsucceed in opening the door.With absolutely no clue to work upon,Patrolman Ivink undertook the task ofhunting)ut the burglar, and Wednesdayand Thursday night kept a sharp lookout for suspicious characters. His suspicions were directed to the Stivers boy,ana wnen tne two latter Durgiaries werereported he went to the young man'sroom and, without knocking, entered,finding the boy in bed. Shaking him hetold him Mr. Simon could not wash hisstore floor or get water without his waterkey. The boy got up, took the waterkey from his pocket and handed it to theofficer.After close questioning he admittedentering the two stores mentioned andgave the officer an old wood chisel,which the 3'outhful burglar used in gaining an entrance to the business houses.He was arrested and placed in jail. Theboy said that some time ago he entered astore in Paris and secured $25 in cash.After securing the money he went to anadjoining town, where he purchased asuit of clothes and other articles of wearing apparel.Young Stivers was taken before'Squire h. J. Fretwell Saturday afternoon, where he was given a hearing, resulting in his being sentenced to theReform School for a period of five years.Refrigerator Time.Now is the time to think about thatnew refrigerator for this summer. Wehave the largest stock we have everbrought on. See the line, they arethekind that save ice.J. T. HINTOU.Wanted-June Bride and Groom.The managers of the Paris Grand willgivea complete housekeeping outfitto the couple'who will be married onthe stage at the Paris Grand during themonth of June. This will include notonly the furnishing of the home, , butthe wedding trousseau of the bride andcoomplete outfit for the groom, wedding-ring,services of themim'ster, etc.In addition a wedding supper will beserved at Crosdale's restaurant- Tothe young man that has matrimony onthe brain, here is a chance of your life.Swings.Beautiful new line of lawn and porchswings. The nicest lot we have evershown. ""iBJ. T. H1NTON.Splendid Show at the Grand.One of the best performances of thenresent season was given at the Grandlast night. Frank Perry, the dancirgviolinist, has an act which is a decided novelty, andJKoster & Winsome, intheir novelty gymnastic and clubswincing act, made a big hit. Missrjva Nash sang "Every Little Movement" from Madame Sherry, and hadto respond tojseveral encores. TonightMiss Nash will sing "Dr. Tinkle Tinker, ' the big hit of "The Girl of MyDreams.", The excellent performances given at the Grand nightly havecaught the popular fancy, and the popular playhouse is packed at every performance. Splendid bills will be giventhroughout the week.Boots, Oxfords and Pumps.Plenty of white Newbuck boots forladies, also oxfords and pumps, nowon sale at Falds' Shoe Store. tfJury Fails to Agree.m In the case of Wm. Cooper., of Carlisle, charged with running his automobile through the city of Millersburgat an excessive rate of speed , whichwas tried before a jury in Squire E.P. Thoraason's court at Millersburgyesterday, the jury disaereed and thecase was assigned for retrial Friday.Cooper was arrested in Millersburgseveral days ago- charged with theoffense of violating one of the cityordinances. He was represented byJudge Samuel Holmes of Carlisle,While County Attorney George Batterton prosecuted the case.WindowShadesoutlast the ordinary shade severaltimes over, yet cost but a triflemore.BRENLIN is made In manyartistic tones and in Brenlin Duplex colored one side, white theother. Come in and let us 'showyou samples and Quote prices.J. T. HintonMATRIMONIAL.SETTEKJS YATES. -Mis3 Josephine Setters and Mr. C.B. Yates, both of aris, were united inmarriage at tne residence of the officiating minister, Rev. E. M. LightrootSunday afternoon.ROY BUTLER.The marriage of MrLan V. Butler and Miss Blanche Roy, both ofCharleston W. Va., has been announced to take place on Saturday. May 18.The bride-to-be. who is ' one ofCharleston's most attractive youngwomen, is now on a visit to Mr. Butler's parents,. Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Butler, on Mt. Airy Avenue.Mr. Butler was born and reared inBourbon county and is an industriousand polished gentleman. He has beena commercial traveler for a number ofvears but is located in Charleston. W.Va.G A RRETT HENDRICKS.Miss Grace Garrett, of Winchester,and Mr. Carl H. Hendricks, of Owingsville, were united in marriage yesterday morning in the parlors of theWindsor hotel in this city. Rev. B. M.Shive. pastor of the Baptist church,officiating. The wedding will come asa surprise to the friends of the youngpeople, who are well known in theirrespective homes. In company withMr. W. Tillie Pike and Miss Grace C.McCord, of Winchester, the couplecame to Paris yesterday in an automobile securing a marrisge license, theywent to the hotel where the officiatingminister was summoned to perform theceremony. The bride wno is thedaughter of Mr. and Airs. H. GreenGarrett, of Winchester, is a beautifuland attractive young woman and a social favorite in her home town. Mr.Hendricks is a young business man ofOwingsville. After the ceremony thecouple returned to Winchester andfrom there will go to Owingsvillewhere they will reside.English Knockabout Hats $1.50.Grey, White and Black. As light asa feather.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Bourbonites Defeat Heidlebergs.The Paris team'sustaned their reputation of not losing an exhibition gamein the past three seasons when on Sunday afternoon at White Park theytrounced the Heidelberg team of Cincinnati in admirable fashion, winningby a score of 9 to 4.The contest went fairly well forthree sessions but in the fourth the locals found Donovan, the opposingpitcher for four safe drives,- whichwith a couple of errors counted forfive runs.Manager Lewis sent Meyer to themound and he went thrcuzh the entirecontest gamely. He showed a considerable amount of speed and finishedstrong. In only one session did hefare badly and that was in the fifthwhen he passed two men and allowedtwo safe driyes. which gave the visitors three tallies.The visitors out-hit the locals by onepoint, but the safe drives did not countfor much, while the Boubonites- pounded the ball fieely when safeties wereneeded. The score:Heidelbergs 0 0003001 04Paris 0 0052020 x 9Batteries Paris, Meyer and Delehant ; Heidelbergs, Donovan and Neimiller. Two Base hits Campbell andHarrell. Three base hits Donovan.Base on balls off Meyer 4; -off Donovan 4. Struck out by Meyer 11; byDonovan 4. Double plays Donovanto Gillisnie; Lewis to Dunlan. Hit bvpitcher Harrell. Finzell, DunJap.Wild Pitch Donovan. Sacrifice flyMeyer, Kuhlman. Stolen basesGlum, Harrel. Lewis, Campbell. HitsParis 9 ; Heidlebergs 7. Errors Paris1, Heidlebergs 5. Umpire Popkin.NOTES.Dannv Harrell was there with a couple of safe drives, one ot which wentfor two bases.Woods was sent to the first station inthe sixth when Dunlap injured his footin sliding to third.There is still a noticeable weaknesin the hitting of the recruits. Goodman, Harrell fand Kuhlman did mostof the hitting Sunday, the trio gettingfive out of the six safe drives.Considering the work he has Meyershowed up remarkably well he showedplenty of speed throughout the contestand had excellent curves. He lost control in the fifth when the visitors scored three men, but steadied himselfdown in the following rounds and heldHis opponents safely.Benton was injured in the fourth inning when he was struck on the handby a pitched ball causing a painful injury and forcing him to retire from thegame. Fenxell was sent to the secondbase and .Harrell to short while Manager Lewis tock up the position in center. ,Campbell's ftimdy double in thefourth counted the first two runs. Hpdrove the ball to the fence and only aquick return prevented him from makng another base. He did fnot have achance in the left garden but Ehandlpdthe safe drives that went into hisiterritory admirably well.The fans are very much elated overthe return of Billy Kuhlman, a memberor last season's tribe, and he filled hisold position on third in the game Sunday afternoon. Although it was hisfirst game since last season he plaveda good game and drove out a couple ofsale hits, in running to first in thefourth inning he suffered a slight injury to his right ankle but did not retire from the game.Directors of League Meet.The appointment of substitute umpires and official scorers and the distribution of the necessary passes and discussion of minor details were.the matters of business taken up during themeeting of the directors of the BlueGrass Baseball League at LexingtonFriday afternoon.President Neal and all the directorspresent were very much encouraged atthe excellent prospect tor the seasonand all reported their clubs are in goodnnanciai condition and expect a goodseason, as every team has prosnectstor a strong team within the nexttwo weeks, which will inevitablvbring out good attendance at theigames.Will Return to Paris.Mr. H. H.iJSarlywine, who severalyears ago moved to his farm in Woodford county, has sold his land in thatcounty and will return to Paris thisweek to reside. Mr. Earlywine boughthis land in Woodford at a low figureand disposed of it at a nice profit.Keep Out The Flies.Fly screens of all kinds, doors, windows, etc., all sizes and prices.Screening sold by the yard at pricesthat are right. Put up your screensnow and keep out the pests.26-4t LAVltf & CORNELL.AUTOMOBILES, ENGINES,Scales Steam Fitting.All kind of Repair WorkDone at Short Notice.East Tennessee Phone 5Paris Machine and Supply Co.THE FAIR!On Friday NextFOR FRIDAY ONLYScreen Doors at the market'slowest prices. Compare ourdoors with those of other makes.WINDOW SCREENSIn both Wood and Metal themost satisfactory screen made.No sagging, no binding, all mortised joints, All sizes in stock,Special sizes made to order.Acdrew Jergens7 Violet Glycerine Soap, 3 cakes in a box, 19c.a box.Cut Glass Tumblers, genuinestarvcuttings, 10c. each.Ice Picks, 3.c; Fly Killers, 4c....THE FAIR...PARISRestaurant!Has undergone main' improvementsaffording a greater amount of room.Everything furnished in an up-to-datefashion. Best place in town, for ladiesand gentlemen. Everybody says sonow. French chef employed now, assuring a service unequalled at any otherplace in the city. Prices the lowest,quality considered.QUICK AND NEAT SERVICEParis RestaurantMain Street,Opposite Agricultural Bank.E. T. 'Phone 734Notice.Bourbon Circuit Court.John Rector. -Vs.Notice.Thomas Gardner.Plaintiff.Defendant.All persons having claims againstthe firm of Rector & Gardner arehereby notified to preeent the saidclaims to the undersigned proven as isrequired by law. Notice is furthergiven that the undersigned will sit- inhis office at the Court House to receiveclaims against the said firm of Rector& GardneJ between the hours of 9 a m.and 4 p. m. from April 23 until June 1.All claims not presented by the saiddate of June 1 will be bsrred.Master Commisioner of Bourbon Circuit Court.23-30-3 c. a. McMillan.PUBLIC SAOFLAN DAs ae-ent of the heirs of J. T.Barlow, deceased, I will sell at publicauction to the highest bidder, at thefront door of the Bourbon county courthouse in Pans, Ky., about the hour or12 o clock, onMONDAY, MAY 6, 1912,the following described property:Ree-inniner at 5 on the plat of thedivision in the Circuit Court of Bourbon county, thence N. 2 E. 34 poles toG; thence JN. 8 W. isis.za poies to 24;thence S. 2-5 E. 125.56 poles to 25;thence S. 89 E. 128.48 poles to 20;thence N. E. 91 2-5 poles to the beginning, containing 95 acres and 35poles.This farm is situated on the RussellCave pike, adjoining the lands of- Jno,W. Allison, Volney Ferguson and Wm.Whaley. Is 10 miles from Paris, 16miles from Lexington, 12 miles fromCynthiana arid 11 miles from Georgetown. Said sale will be made upon the following terms: One-third cash, onethird March 1, 1913, and one-thirdMarp.h 1. 1914. Purchaser will be re-auired to execute bonds with approved" - .. i :il j. -c lsecurity, complying whh usrm oi saie,and bearing interest at the rate or operppnt. tier annum from date until paid.Lien will be retained for the deferredpayments.r ossession given at once.MRS. A. H. JOHNSON.Agent for Heirs of J. T. Barlow, DeiSPECIALPURCHASEof Tailored ClothSUITSEnables Us to Offer HandsomeGarments, Many of which wereMarked to Sell for $35.00 atIIYou are, rarely givenan excellent bargain as this, at the season's beginning.We could never afford to sell these fine suits for $25,were it not for the fact that we bought them through unusual channels, and in such a manner as to obtain a substantial price concession.Over fifteen new styles are here, including many ofthe highly popular new Norfolk Suits. All colors andweaves are represented, in the choicest materials of theseason.These suits embody every characteristic that distinguishes the Suits made by exclusive 'tailors. They areperfect in fit, flawless in workmanship, and are of refinedand patrician appearance.Many Suits in this offering were marked to sell at$35. Our spetialNow $25Wolf, Wile d Co.,Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, Ky.LICALLDAUGHERTYFORFirst Class House and SignPaintingAnd DecoratingScreenFloorand WaxWhite Wash Brushes andAnything: in the Brighten-Up Line.mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmammmAI J hi. Josselson, IParis, KentuckyThe man who cares, wears our L. & R. Clothing. Do' You care? If so, come and see ourbest line of Clothing, Shoes and Gents' Outfittingin this city. We are also sole agents for:1 wpr..M. Josselson, SL715-717 Mainwmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm$25the opportunity to secure suchIIJONIIEnamelStainsiStreet, Paris, Ky.Jceased. j(27aprr3t) . , ,A: . -' ' 'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 30; 1912fitis BOURBON NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGLand Sold at Auction.Auctioneer M. F.'Kennsy. sold Saturday for Master Commissioner C. A.McMillan, 44 acres of unimproved landbelonging to Mrs. Emilv Snears Clay,located on the Brentsville pike aboutfour miles from Paris to James Whaleyfor $4,100.We're Going to the Gamebut before'we so we want to fit youout in new attire, to come before thegame.J. W. DAIVS & CO.Commandery Secures Quarters.Versailles Commander No. 3, KnightsTemDlar. which will come to Paris toattend the annual conclave to be heldMay 29-30 has beer assigned to quarters at the home of Mrs. ElizabethBishop at the corner of Stoner avenue and Vine street.A New Soft Drink.Sinalcc, the new soft drink is nowall the rage everybody's drinking it.Eight different crushed fruit flavors.Come in and trv a bottle.It JAS. E. CRAVEN.Paris Men Attend Shoot.The regular Thursday shnot of theFayette Gun Club'was held last week,and in spite of the early season theshooting" was considered excellent. Avery good performance was made bvMe ssers. J. Q. Ward and Mrs. ThomasH. Clay, both of this city each securirg87 out of a possible 100 birds, the h ghest of the day.Lawn Mowers.We can ' save you money on lawnmowers. We buy direct from the factory and save you the middleman'sprofit. We sell the celebrated Elwoodnone better.30-4t LAVIN & CONNELL.Bourbon Man Chosen Judge.At a regular meeting of the Montgomery County 'Fair Association. Mr.Sanford Carpenter, of Millersburg, thiscounty, was elected as judge for therings at the fair to be held in Mt.Sterling in July. In the championshipclasses two associate judges will actwith Mr. Carpenter (and they will beselected at a later date. Mr. Carpenter is regarded as one of the "bestjudges in the State and his competencyis acknowledged!! over this section.Porch Furniture.Come in and look at our beautifulstock of porch furniture. Also allkinds of furniture for the lawn, porchshades in all colors and sizes.J. T. HINTON.Today is Cleaning Day.Today is cleaning day in Paris. TheCivic Committees of the Women'sClub of this city has designated it aathe day for clenaing up in the city,3nd they have the co-operation of thecity authorities. The city carts and"wagons will be placed at the disposalof the residents and all objectionalaccumulator of the past winter will behauled (away free of charge. Everyhousekeeper should take advantage ofthis opportunity to get rid of the objectionable and unsightly refuse for thesske of health and cleanliness andpride for appearances.Public Sale of Lots May'15;Mr.-rJohn S. Jones, the lumber dealer, is subdividing his property in theold fair grounds addition in Paris, intobuilding lots and will hold a publicsale on Wednesday May 15. Therewill be 25 choice lots located on Nineteenth street, Clifton street andClintonville pike.This is one of the most desirableresidence additions in Paris, and thelots for building purposes could notlay better, and should meet with aready sale.Watch the Bourbon News for a moredetailed description of this valuableproperty.Will Begin Operation Tomorrow.The Bourbon Packing Co., recentlyorganized from the Baldwin PackingCo., will begin operations Wednesdaymorning, May 1. The company hasencaged the service of Mr. D. T.Milligan of Taylorsville 111. an expertof long and successful experienice whowill have complete charge of theplant which is located on the F. & C.railroad a short distance from thiscity. Mr. Milligan was the winner ofthe first prize at the Illinos StaleFair last year for the best sugar cured hams over twenty other contestants. The prize was $500 in goldwhich was given by Berkshire Breeding Association of that State.For the Opening Game Tomorrowyou'll want to look your best. Comein and let us n't you out in one of ourblue serge suits. $15.00 to S30. 00. 'J. W. DAVIS & CO.Two Orders fr Feeders.R B. Dickerson of this city who indented and installed a grass seed feeding apparatus for the purpose of feeding the seed into the cleaningmachinery afthe plant of E. F. Spearsin this city has received orders for twomore of the machines which will beconstructed along the same line andfor the plants of J. S. Wilson & Bro.of Paris and also one for J. S. Gay ofWinchester. The machine which wasrecently installed at the local firm wasdesigned to take the place of handlabor with which much difficulty hadbeen experienced owing to the inability of those engaged to feed theseed regularly, is giving perfect satisfaction. Mr. Dickerson did not havehis new invention patented owing tothe fact that there are only six grasspeed cleaning plants m the world,four of which are located in this city,one in Winchester and one in Lexing-tcn.(.PERSONAL MENTION.Miss Clay Crpxton, of Winchester,is visiting friends in this city.Miss Gsy Mansfield, of Richmond,is visiting relatives in this city. -Mrs. Newton Taylor is visiting fliersister, Mrs. Jessie Harp, in Lexington.Miss Mabel Robbins was the guest,Saturday, of "the Misses Clark, in Millersburg. Miss Ruth Cohen, of Lexington, hasbeen the guest of Mr. and Mrs. ClarkBarnett.County Attorney George Battertonwas in Millersburg on legal businessyesterday.Miss Sythe Kerns, of this city, isthe guest of Mrs. John L. Bosley, inWinchester.Mr. James McClure returned Saturdayfrom a business trip to Washington, D.C, and New York.Mrs. J. o. Marshall has returnedfrom a visit to her mother, Mrs. 3tf. E.-LiYQick, in Lyntluana.Mr. John Ireland, 'of Lexincton.was the guest Sunday of his sister,Mrs. Marv Ireland Davis. .Miss Mary Shea who recentlyunderwent an Operation at St. JosephHospital, Lexington, is improvingnicely.-Mrs. J. C. Morrison and son. of!Charleston, W. Va., are visiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Butler, on Mt.Airy Avenue.Miss Luc Colville. who has beenunder the care of a specialist in Cincinnati for several weeks has returnedhome much imDroved.-Mr. and Mrs. Albert Lvons have returned from their bridal tour, and willgo to housekeeping in their new homeon Winchester street.Mrs. Wallace Douglas left lastweek to join,her husband, who has aposition with the Louisville & Nashville railroad at Middlesboro.Miss Willie Howard Barnes, daughter of Col. W. S. Barnes, oiJJLexington.and well known in this city is quite ill,suffering from an attack of hearttrouble.Mrs. Lou Rogers, who has spent thewinter in Georgetown with her daughters, Misses Carrie and Bessie Rogers, isnow at the home of Mrs. Roy Clendenin,on Cypress street.Mrs. C. C. Hazelrigg, who has beenthe guest of Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Scott,has gone to Frankfort to visit Mrs. William Lutkemir, before returning to herhome in Louisville.Mrs. Omar S. Hawkins and daughter, Miss Elsie Greathouse, who havebeen the guests of Mrs. Thos. Buckle',in this county, have returned to theirhome in Georgetown.Mrs. W. L. Yerkes. who has beenquite ill for several days suffering witha severe attack of pneumonia, is improving and her family and friends arevery much encouiaged over her condition. Mrs. Lizzie Croxton, of this city,sister of Messrs. J. J. and Jas. D. McClintock, was taken to a Lexington hospital Friday, and underwent an operation Saturday morning for a growth onher neck. The trouble, which wasthought to be goitre, is of long standing,and not until recently did it assumeapainful and alarming stage. Jtfrs. Croxton was accompanied to Lexington byher daughter, Mrs. William Giltner, andDr. J. T. Vansant. The operation wasquite successful, and Mrs. Croxton is doing ver' nicely.The Senior Class of Bourbon FemaleCollege entertained with a beautiful reception at the college, Friday evening.The broad campus with its magnificenttrees gleamed with many lights and presented a beautiful picture as the guestsapproached. The corridors, parlors, library, music room and .reception roomwere very attractive with their decorations of tropical plants, ferns and cutflowers. Lilacs, which sent forth asweet fragrance, were everywhere in'profusion, great bowls and clusters of whiteand lavendar spring flowers adorningevery available space. The stairway wasgracefully trimmed in Southeru smilax.Screened from view by a bank of palmsand ferns, a string orchestra discoursedsweet music during the evening. Thefive members of the Senior Class, whichis composed of Misses Anna Keith Allen,Nellie Lou Robards, Bee Devine, RubyRedwitz and Belva Hall, received theguests in the reception hall, and wereassisted by the members of the facultyand several of last year's graduates, including Miss Katherine Thomson,daughter of Prof, and Mrs. M. G. Thomson. During the evening ices moulded inthe shape of pink flowers and pink andwhite individual cakes and mints wereserved. Among the guests present werea number from Lexington, Harrodsburgand Millersburg.Large Assortment.The largest and best assorted stockof rugs can be found at J. T. Hinton's.The New Jones Subdivision SurveyedSale May 15.Don't fail to get ready for the public sale of building lots in the old fairgrounds addition, which will bo heldon Wednesday, May 15. These areabout the must desirable building lotsin Paris and they will steadily increasein value. Watch for advertisement.Confederate Daughters Meet.The Richard Hawes ' Chapter. U. D.C, met Friday afternoon at theirrooms in the court house. Mrs. MaryCecil Cantrill, of Georgetown; was avisitor and entertained the ladies wtha delightful talk. Mrs. J. T. Vansantread a beautiful poemon the battle lofShiloh. Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft andMiss Annie May were the hostess, .andserved delightful refreshments.Saturday afternoon the HamiltonGuards, a children's organization,auxiliary to the U. D. C, met in thesame rooms, and .vere delightfullyentertained by Mrs. Russell Mann andMr. James McDonald, an ex-Confederatesoldier, who related many personalreminiscences of the war.. LittleMiss Elanor Swanco. Anna ThomasEwalt and Josephine Hedges Ewaltgave charming recitations.Kentucky Laundrymen Meet.The Eighteenth-Annual Convention ofthe KentucKy Laundry Owner's Association was held in Hopkinsville, Friday and Saturday of last weak. T. M.Funk .of this city. President otthe Association presided at the meetingwhich was one of the most successfulin the history of the organizaton. Mr.Funk delivered an address on the opening day of the meeting. The convention closed Saturday night with anelaborate banquet. In the afternoonthe members of the association weretreated to an old fashion barbecue.Lexington was selected as the nextplaceof meet'.ng. At the final business" session the following officerswere elected : W. A. Asuth, of Louisville, President; Ernest Norris. ofOwensbnro, Vice President; GeorgeDueser, of Louisville. Secretary ; FredSultzer, of Louisville, treasurer; F.JjW.Schoppenhorst, of Louisville, Sergeant-at-Arms;Members of Executive Committee. George Graves, of Lexingtor ;T. M. Funk of Paris and J. H. Johnson of Louisville.Shocked By Lightning.Mrs. Charles C. Leer, of near thisnitv. l had a verv narrow escape fromserious injury when a bolt of lightningstruck her home. Mrs. Leer was standing on the front porch at her homewhen the liehtniiiE struck a telephonewire leading to her house and followedit to the building, where it ran down awirfi nettinor on the norch where shewas standing. She received a slightHhoc. iThe lightning killed a valuablepeafowl that had taken refuge fromthe storm near the house.Paris Teacher a Delegate.Miss Nellie Whale.v. a member of thefaculty of the Paris City School, hasreceived the appointment as delegate tothe Southern" Socialogical Congress,which will be in session in Nashville.Tenn., from May 7-11. The appointment was made by Governor James B.McCreary.Seed Corn.White and yellow seed corn for sale.16-6t R. B. HUTCHCRAFTCITY LICENSE DUE MAY 1All persons who are carrying on any kind of businessrequiring a city license shouldsee the undersigned CityCollector at once and takethem out not later than May1.C. K. THOMAS,City Collector.(30-4t)Wanted.Position as general Avorkman. Goodhabits. Reference if required. Applyat 821 High St.(It)For Rent.Five or six office rooms, formerly occupied by Dr. Dudley and Dr. Foster.Also rooms over Western Union Telegraph office. Apply toMRS. M. A. PATON.(30-3t)Wanted.Two to four good carpenters. Apply toHARRY L. M INTER,East Tennessee Phone 373.Notice .Bids wlil be received by the City Council for lighting the streets of Paris fromMay 1, 1912, to May 1, 1913, by order ofthe City Council at its regular meetingApril 25, 1912.Bids will be received on or before May9, 1912. The right is reserved to rejectairy or all bids.J. W. HAYDEN,(3t) -Clerk.NOTICE.Persons having claims against the estate of Mrs. Georgie Wright, deceased,will present same to Newton Mitchell,properly proven bv June 1st.MISS ANNIE M. WRIGHT26-4t. Administratix.1ManyYears'ExperienceWith a reputation based upontwenty-five years of successfulbanking experience theThe Bourbon Bank andTrust Co.Paris, Kentucky,has amended its charter so as tobe able to act as Executor or Administrator of Estatesas Guardianor Trustee and any other fiduciarycapacity.With ample capital and surplus 1J 1 "iana long experience, its TrustDepartment is eminently qualifiedto render efficient service.Bourbon Bank 4 Trust Co.,Paris, Ky.Capital and Surplus $146,000.003 per cent, paid on Time DepositsJA Cure for HogJChoIera.IfS your hogs are sick come in andget Laughlin's Cholera Cure, and curethem. The best farmers in Bourboncounty will tell you it cures. For saleonly byCHAS. E. BUTLER & CO., 'Druggists.20 tf OPPi Court House, Paris.ItReKie" DaDi$!the insurance JTgetttLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137EdisonandVictorRecordsNow On Sale.Call in and look themover and hear them p'ayedVictrolas from $15.00 to!$200.00, and up.Bi1kMAYDAUGHERTYOStilj special snowing of . gNow isthe Time to Make Your SelectionsBefore the Best Numbers Are GoneI am in a position to show you the largest and best assortedstock m this part of the State. I make a specialty of thisdepartment and can save you money. All of our curtainsare bought direct from the manufacturers, therefore cutting out the middle-man profit. Many numbers I buy inlarge quantities, say fifty and hundred pairs of a singleprice and give you the benefit of the saving. Curtainssold heretofore at$ 2.00now$1.50 $ 6.50now$5.002.50 now 1 .75 7.50 now 6.503.50 now 2.50 1 0.OO now 7.505.00 now 4.00 1 2.50 now 1 O.OOWe have in stock any kind, any price and if you giveus the opportunity will please you.W. EdAgent Butterick PatternsALWAYS THE NU.IFEE'S GROCERY COMPANY.J. T. HintonIt Will Be Our Pleasure to Show You1fte Ciglander Couch BedPATENTEDvy X 7' " Couch Bed, partly open showing the one motionneeded to .transform it to a bed.This is Undoubtedly the The Greatest Sanitary CouchEver Made. Wont You Come in and SeeThem Demonstrated?The new Spring styles in Go-Carts are now on display.My prices are right and so are the styles. The assortment isexhaustive. Get one and take baby out.New things every day in Furniture, Rugs and Wall Decorationsat prices that saves you money.TuckerI0 -VTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 30, 1912Ji i mKremlinLook muck better jlast longer!Furnish your windows with 6hades ot 'Brenlin and they'll always be. well dressedFor Brenlin is made of closely woven doth;without the "filling" that causes ordinaryshades to crack, wrinkle, fade and showunsightly "pin holes." Brenlin alwayshangs straight and smooth wears several Itimes as long as other shades, and costs Ibut a trifle more. -aODrMl 1K1 is made In many artistic !tJrtLJMLUN tones and fn Brenlin Du-;plex colored one side, white the other.Come in and let us ehow you samples andQuote prices.For Sale by J. T. HintonmmTWIN BROS.,Clothing Department 'AH the Latest Ideas inmmMMNow On DisplayL. WOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.mmmmmmmmSPECIAL EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURNSunday, April 28thRoundTripRoundTripSPECIAL TRAINLvs. GEORGETOWN 7:45 a.mASK TICKET AGENTS FOR PARTICULARS.The anunal fair at Germantownwill be held this year August 28-31.W. H. Baker of Woodford county,recently sold to O. H. Moore, rtwentvone 1,000 pound steers at 6i cents perpound. H&SThe Farmers Loose Leaf TobaccoWarehouse, which was operated in Carlisle for threa monthsjlast week declared a dividend of thirty-three per cent.Fifteen hundred Kentucky farmersare enlisted in a plan to send their products to stores to be established inCincinnati with an object of BUDDlyingconsumers in an effort to reduce thehigh cost of living.The United States Senate has passed the Cummins bill providing for anappeal to the Supreme Court of theUnited States from the United StatesCircuit Courtf for the Southern Districtof New York, approving the reorganization of the American Tobacco Co.W. W. Higganbotham. of Lexington, purchased recently of James L.Gav, of Pisgah, vWoodford county. SueLebus. the famous daughter. She willbe mated to the premier stallion, StarPeavine who has a record of sixty-threefirst prizes out of sixty-eight shows.Judge Howard Hollister. of theUnited States Court in Cincinnati lastweek overruled the petition of the E.O. Eshelby Tobacco Co. Against theBurley Tobacco Society of Kentuckyunder the Sherman anti-trusf law.This decision is the final knockoutblow of the anti-trust proceedingsagainst the Society. The Judge saidthe Eshelby corporation had not showncause for receiving- damages..From the report of the UnitedStates Commissioner of Internal Revenue it is learned that the collections ofrevenue from the tobacco resourcesduring the month of March does notindicate a particularly active conditionof trade during that period. There isshown a decrease in all lines ot theproduction except small cigarette overthe corresponding period of last year.Declaring that corn is King in Kentucky, and that its value in dollars andamounts to all of the otrer crops combined, Commissioner of Agriculture J. W.Newman has issued a warning bulletinto corn growers of this state that theseed corn sold this year for olanting is ofinferior quality, "Many germinationtests run as low as 10 per-cent and a fewgreater than 75 per cent, " is the information contained.in Commissioner Newman's bulletin, who advises the testingof every ear of corn before the seed isplanted. Commissioner Newman isfurnishing seed corn to 1Q,000 membersof the boys corn-grooving club in thisstate, aud has found it exceedingly difficult to obtain seed that is not of inferior qualityA Testimonial.Jaynesville and New Way jCORN PLANTERS SKlBMIMIBIHBBBMBHlBIHBKMHBBBHBBMiHBBHBBiBBHBBBBBBHGet results, are not complicated and have all up-to-datefeatures.it, Also all Types ofH -A- R, OAAAFOR SALE BYBourbon Garage & Supply Co.Cor, 4th and High Sreets,Paris, KentuckyThe following card is self-explanatory:"Bradfordsville, Marion Co., Ky.,February 20; 1912."I wish to make a statement in reference to the treatment of a cancer byCancer Specialist W. R. Smith, of nearParis, Ky. I will write it for the benefit of of those suffering with cancer."My wife had been treated by a number of doctors and quack specialists'remedies, only to get worBe all the time.After about all hopes of recovery hadflown, we learned of W, R. Smith, Cancer Specialist, through a former patientof his, who recommended Dr. Smithvery highly."After the case was in the hands ofDr. W. R Smith the cancer was takenout by the roots In 48 hours. She soonrecovered. That was nearly two yearsago and no symptom of the trouble haspiesented itself since.J. T. Milburn "New Spring GoodsATTWIN BROS.Department StoreCor. 7th and MainGinghams,White Goods,Percales,Piquas, Poplins,Linens,Dress Goods,Silks,Skirts, Suits,Dresses,Waists, Etc.Big Lot of Tobacco Cotton at Lowest Prices. sisTWIN BROParis, KentuckymmmmwmmmmmmmwmmmEgyptian Baron 51111.Trial over 3-4 TrackSlow 2:09 1-4ScccrdsSired by Oakland Baron 2:09J. winner of the Kentucky Kuturity. Sireof Gail Hamilton 2:06J. Rhythmic2 :06i. Baron De Shay 2 :08J.1st dam Egyptiehne, race rec)d,2:18. dam of Egyptian Baron orj2:09. Egyptienne by Mambrino K(tr1279, sire of Lady of the Manor 2 :04inHeir-at-Law 2:05 3-4, Lord Derby2:05 3-4. grand sire of Minor Heir1:58.2nd dam Bay Hambletonian (by Harabletonian 10, sire of George Wilkes(2:22.) Bav Hambletonian dam ofHenrietta 2:17. Egyptienne 2:18, DonFulano 2:22J (sire of Mauae M.2:15 3-4. Best Chimes 2:25i: Artie(dam of Artie King 2:19J,Nora Chimes2:23J. Tornado Chimes 2:24, LydiaVincent 2:28.) Lady Bug (dara ofJune Bug 2:29i) Mink (dara of Comanche 2 :22)Third dam by Gold Dust 150.EGYPTIAN BARON is a black horse15.2. A grand individual and one ofthe best representatives of the greatBaron Wilkes, now known as theFuturity family. He is one of thefastest best headed horses in Kentucky. and has been a mile over mvthree-quarter track, which is at leastthree seconds slower than Lexington,in 2 :09J, last half in 1 :03J, last quarter in X:30J. Although he is a pacer,he was a natural and fast trotter andcould trot in 2:40 at two years old.Was raced a little for educatiaon. andproved himself a game level headedrace horse, and if he stavs right, wepredict a record of 2:05 or better thisyear. He has served a few mares, andhis colts are good individuals and fast.One, a yearling, out of a naeine mare,is one of the best trotters, foi hiswork, I ever had trntted a mile, withfew days work, last fall, in :58i. lasthalf in 1:26. last quarter in :42.Egyptian Baron will serve a few approved mores atMaster Commissioner'sSale of Land.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTCeo. Alexander&Co. , a Corporation,.r- ' PlaintiffsIVs. 'Win. M. Berry, - - DefendantUnder and by virtue of a judgment ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court rendered inthe above styled action, the undersignedMaster Commissioner of the said Courtwill sell to the highest and best bidderat the front door of the Bourbon CountyCourt House, in the City of Paris, Kentucky, about the hour of 12 o'clock,noon, onMonday, May 6, 1 9 1 2the following described property:A certain tract of land lying and situated in Bourbon Count', Kentucky, towit: Beginning at the N. W. gatepostin Hall's line, corner to Brice Steele;thence S. 42 3-4, 42.60 poles to Hall'scorner in Bettie Hughes' line; thence N.50, E. 64.20 poles to a post, corner toJos. and Frank Williams; thence N.57 1-4, W. 45 poles to the N. W. gatepostcorner to Steele; thence S. 50, W. 57.32poles to beginning, containing 16.49 acresand being the same property conveyedto Wm. M. Berry by Brice Steele andwife, by deed of record in BourbonCounty Clerk's Office, in Deed Book S7,page 277.Said sale to be made upon credit of sixand twelve months for equal parts of thepurchase money, the purchaser being required to execute bond for equal installments of the purchase price, with goodsecurity thereon, due in six and twelvemonths respectively, to be approved bysaid Master Commissioner, and payacle tosaip Master Commissoner, bearing interest at the rate of 6 per cent, per annumfrom date of sale until paid, having theforce and effect of a judgment and toremain a lien upon tne property sold until fully paid. The privilege is also givento the purchaser to pay the purchaseprice in cash without executing bond, orhe may pay the purchase money at anytime before "maturity and stop interestthereon.c. a. McMillan,M. C. B. C. C.P. A. Thompson, Attorney.M. F. Kenney, Auct.(Aprl6-23-30)THURS.MMrcsm$25 to Ensure aLivingroaS.Care taken, but no responsibilityassumed for accidents or tscaues.Money due in a.11 cases if mare changeshands or is parted with. MarpR kvnten grass at $1.00 per vjeik-.DOUGLAS THOMAJSj Paris Ky. 'FOR PEOPLE WHO HAVETO EATIf you eat you need "Digestif Itaids digestion, prevents distress aftereating, stops gas formation, relievesindigestion instantly and cures ,dyspensia. Brown's Digestit is a littletablet easy to swallow and absolutelyharmless. It has relieved thousands.Sold on positive guarantee. Your moneyback if .vou want it 502. Ask at G.S. Varden & Son's.AND BIG DOUBLE MENAGERIEThe Traveling AMUSEMENT SENSATION of the AGEA Herd of Musical Elephantsrg fOT I "J g f Of' 'The most highly Educat-S "- B ed Elephant in the WorldS6THE K1RBY FAMILYAmerica's Greatest Acrobatic and Aerial SensationKINGS OF THE HIGH WIRE:WAKAHAWAROYAL YEDDOTROUPE OF JA PAN E S Ej-HARRY ASTOR England's Champion Bareback RIDER500 People 250 Horses3 BANDS OF MUSIC 3SO-Etaropean Acts20 25-C!owns-25RARE WILD ANIMALS2Q Worlds Greatest Leapers 20ROYAL ROMAN HIPPODROMEModest Man.Sometimes, but not often, a manloses the desire for tobacco and devotes the-rest of His Ufe to braggingabout bis vrfttpoTver iUcIii sou GlobGRAND r-REc STREET PARADELeaves Show Grounds Daily at 10 o'dor.k.PERFORMANCES 2n at 2 Night: at StTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 30, 1912I They interlock and overlap each other In such a way that thehardest driving rain or snow cannot sift under them.Won t pulsate or rattle in wind-storms. They're also fire-proof, willlast a3 long as the building, and never need repairs.For Sale by Miller & Best, Millersburg, Ky.Locanda2:02The Fastest Son of Allerton 2:09Sired by Allerton 2:09X, the world's leadiDg sire of standard performers;dam Katharina (great brood mare), by Alcyone :27; second dam KatieJackson; by Almont 33. Holder of world's pacing record, 1 miles, 3:15XTERMS: $50 TONSURE A LIVING FOAL .Peter Billiken (3) 2:16 1-4Son of Peter The Great 2:07,leading sire of futurity winners, dam Baron Lassie, by Baron Wilkes 2:18.Winnerof 6-heat race against aged horses.Terms: $50 to Insure a LivinglFoal.(2) 2.19r of Black Wig 2:07, Remorseful 2:08X, Dorcas H. 2:08, Betsy G.2:10X Katherine A. 2:11 X (Ky. Futurity winner 1902), Bessie Brown 2:12),Nedra W. 2:14, Rena Wise 2:15, Sheeney 2:15, Wig Wag 2:16X, (champion of Europe) Durgee 2:19X, an( twenty-three others in 2:30 list-.$25 To Insure a Living Foa!.Tom 3Ec3lThe celebrated James B. Clay jack, will make the season at Maplehurst StockFarm. TomjMack is the best breeder of mules that euer stood in the county.$1 2 to Insure a Living Foa!.1W. A. BACON, Paris, Ky.Woodland Stock Farm.Headquarters for Draft Horses.BLACK PRINCENo. 4S710.$15 to Insure.BLACK PRINCE - Bought of theGreenville Stock Farm, is a splendidtype of the draft horse, three yearsold, black Percheron, 17C0 pounds'inweight. Has proven to be a sure foalgetter and is the kind of horse thatwill appeal to your fancy both inlooks and work. You can make nomistake in breeding to him.Burleyj Black Percheron, Wt. 1760t$15 to Insure,BURLEY is a splendid specimen of thedraft horse and his get have provento be of the very best. There is a steadily growing demand for the class ofhorses produced by Burley, both uponthe farm and in the cities. Tney canstand more work than the general runof horses. Burley is 7 years old, abeautiful black. He is 'well formedand of the class that catches the eye.In selecting a horse to breed to, select one whose produce commandsthe best price.The above horses will make the season of 1 9 1 2 at Woodland Stock FarmAbout 7 miles North ofjParis on the Cynthiana"pike. Money due when colt isfoaled, mare transferred or bred to other stock without my consent. Lienretained on all coltsjimtil season'money is paid. Care taen to prevent accidents but no responsibility assumed should any occur.STERLING HINKSON, Lair, Kentucky.OONSTANZA 44739Bay Stallion, 16.1 hands; 1,203 pounds.Sired by Constantine 2:12 1-2.Sire of 60 in 2:30.1 dam Katherine Rogers by Sentinel Wilkes 2499(Dam of Senorita, trial 2:08; rec, (Son of Geo. Wilkes 5192:14, Ashlawn, 2:24Kt Joe Alverfcon2:26, Nutlawn trial 2:12X2 dam Bertha Rogers by Pretender 1453DAil OF vSDorris Wilkes 2.14j . . .BedeliaB 2:14Pay Girl 2:12Grandaoi of 3 in 2:30 , n -3 dam Lela Sprague .., y Gvo. Sprague 2:20DAM OFEdna Simmons.. 2:124Belle Sprague 2:20, trial 2:10 ."Grandam of 3 in 2:30 - ' '4 dam Constance by Hamlet 160DAM OF1 Brooklawn 2:182 Jim Long, sire of 2 in 2:303 Elinora, dam of Bay of Victor 2:30 . x4 Winnie Constance, dam of EthelBay 2 :225 Mndra, dam of Mudr ma 2:26 ,6 Black Walnut, sire of 1. , ,5 dam by L. I. Black Hawk 24it ' ' 'CONSTANZA will make present season at Brooklawn Farm 2 miles eastfrom Hutchison Station 6 miles south from Paris onBathlehem pike.$10 to Insisre a Live ColtGABEjRTAPIMTAniT "$10.00 to insura a live colt. Season money due when colt comes alive.Mares transferred, parted with or removed from county. Accidents of everykind at owner's risk.S. D. BURBRIDGE, Hutchison, Ky.Rain Prevents Booster ReceptionA heavy down pou r greet the Cincinnati Booster's Cfub when they arrivedhere Friday evening, and the rain puta n end to the program and receptionthat had been planned for them ontheir arrival in this city. The SDecialtrain, which was due to arrive" hereabout 5:20 o'clock, was more than twohours late, getting in at 7:35 p. m.The train was met by Mr. W. O.Hintcn. who represented the. ParisCommercial Club and Mayor J. T. Hinton. the latter being detained at homeon account of the inclement weather,which also had the effect of killing theplans of a large number of businessmen whose intention it was to greetthe visitors.The excursionists were to have remained here one hour and the localarrangements included an address ofwelcome by Hon. Claude M. Thomas,band concerts by the High School bandand also by Weber's band, whichaccompanied the boosters, and a number of addresses by the members of theboosting party to the local businessir.en.The boosters expressed a willingnesso remain in Paris and carry out theprogram that had been previouslyarranged but on account of the latenessof the hour.together with the disagieeable weather conditions, it was determined that it would be an unwispmove to attemDt it.The visitors remained in Paris abouttwenty minutes, but before takingtheir departure promised to returnagain at a future date, and expressedthe hope that on the occasion theirnext visit to the city the weather manwould be more considerable and notmar such a notable occasion as a meeting with the business men of Pariswith a deluge such as that which nrecluded their arrangements here Fridayafternoon.ROSTER OF PARTY.Cincinnati Commercial Association'sTrade Excursion to the South,April 22-26, 1912.Lexington E. Tenn, Phone 693 , A.LEE EDWARD ACH, TheSamuel AchCo.. Wholesale Millinery.CHARLES H. BLOMBERG, Union Distillery Co.CHARLES E. BASLER, Assistant Manager, The Alms & Doepke Co., Wholesale Dry Goods, Notions and Carpets.HENRY M. BROUSE, Auditor, The GaleBrothers Co., Commission Merchants,Flour, Grain and Mill Feed.GERSON J. BROWN, The J. B. Moos Co.,Wholesale Cigars.PETER BUCHERT, President, AnsoniaCopper & Iron Works.WALTER C. BALLARD, Bellsmith'sStudio, Official Photographer, Photographic Portraits.JOSEPH M. BOSSONG, Cincinnati Enquirer, Weekly.E. H. BARDES, President, E. H. BardesRange & Foundry Co., Manufacturersof Stoves, Ranges. Gas Ranges, etc.HENRY W. BACKUS, Cobb, Howard &Bailev. Attorneys at Law.G. C. BLACKBURN, Division PassengerAgent, C. N. O. & T. P. Ry.W. A. BECKLER. General PassengerAsrent. C. N. O. & T. P. Ry.JOSEPH BERNING. President. TheJoseph Berning Printing Co., Member,Council-at-Large.E. J. BECKER. Secretary. The H. Belmer Co., Nails. Wire and Wire Goods.ROBERT G. CAREW, Vice-President,The Mabley & Carew Co., Cincinnati'sGreat Retail Store.A. J. CHAMBERS, Traveling Salesman,Wm. T. Johnston Co., Machinery andMill Supplies.C. S. CLARK. Manager, Western Newspaper Union, Plate and Ready PrintPublishers. (Newspaper AuxiliaryService.)W. R. CURRY. J. Chas. McCullough,Seeds. Agricultural Supplies, etc.W. C. CULK1NS, Superintendent and Executive Secretary, Chamber of Commerce. A. C. DODGE, Assistant Manager, Fairbanks, Morse & Co., Manufacturers,Scales, Pumps. Engines, etc.CHARLES DONDERS, The John ShillitoCo.CARL DEHONEY. Secretary and Manager. Cincinnati Commercial Association.GEORGE F. DIETERLE, President, Cincinnati Commercial Association, Treasurer, Union Distilling Co.T. J. DAVIS, Cashier, First NationalBank.SI. P. EGAN. Vice-President and GeneralManager, J. A. Fay & Egan Co., Woodworking Machinery.HARRY J. ESTERMAN. President. Es-terman-Verkamp-Murphy'Co., Wholesale GroceriesM. FELLHEIMER, Kahn, Fellheimer &Co., Wholesale Hats, Caps, Gloves.GEO. A. FICKE. Salesman, The Christian Moerlein Brewing Co.WM. F. FOY, President, The Foy Paint& Glass Co., Dealers in Paints, Painters'Supplies and Glass.AUGUST FERGER, The Ferger GrainCo., Dealers in Grain, Hay, Mill Feed,etc.W. E. FOX, Weil, Roth & Co., Municipaland Corporation Bonds.LEVI C. GOODALE, Superintendent.Bradstreet Co., also Trustee CincinnatiSouthern Ry.L. C. GAINEY, Secretary, The StorrsSchaefer Co., Tailors to the Trade.JAMES GILMORE, Architect.HARRY MEISS, Reins & Meiss, Wholesale Notions, Cloaks, etc..T. C. HARDESTY, Kahn, Fellheimer Co.LEO. T. FOLZ, Secretary and Treasurer,The Cincinnati Proces Engraving Co.WM. A. HOPKINS, County Treasurer.HON. HENRY T. HUNT, Mayor of Cincinnati. W. A. HOPPLE, Vice-President, TheJohn Shillito Co., Wholesale and RetailDealers in Dry Goods, Cloaks, Notions,Furniture, Carpets, etc.JOSEPH H. HEWETSON, Salesman, TheLunkenheimer Co., Brass Specialties.FRED. HENN, Assistant. Steward, Commissary Car.BEN. HELLMAN, Steward, CommissaryMORRIS ISAAC, Morris Isaac & Sons,Wholesale Notions and FurnishingGoods.TOM JONES, President, The Tom JonesEngraving Co., The Tom Jones ArtPublishing Co.HARRY- G. JOHANSING, Earls & Johansing. General Insurance.DAVID C. JONES. Secretary, The Lunkenheimer Co., Brass Specialties.WM. T. JOHNSTON, President, The Wm.T. Johnston Co., Machinery and MillSupplies.E. F. KIRK, Special Agent, The Provident Life & Trust Co.HERMAN KIRSCHNER, vhe HermanLackman Brewing Co.H. C. KLOECKER, Cincinnati Enquirer,Daily.IRWIN KROHN. President, Krohn. Fechheimer Co., (Red Cross Shoes) ShoeManufacturers.WM. B. KESTER. Jr., Cincinnati Commercial Association.F. H. LAWSON, President, The F. H.Lawson Co., Tin Plate. Copper, SheetIron, Tinware, Tinners' Tools, Machines.CHARLES LUDWJG, Cincinnati TimesStar. J. S. LOUIS, Sales Manager, TriumphElectric Co. and Triumph Ice MachineCo.MORRIS STRAUSS, President, FrenchBenzol Dry Cleaning Co.SAMUEL MAYER, Secretary and Treasurer, The Isaac Faller's Sons Co.,Men's, Boy's and Chiluren's Clothing.S. R. MEYER, President, The MeverWise & Kaichen Co., Wholesale Ladies5and Gentlemen's Furnishings.FREDERICK J. MAYER, AssistantCashier, Fifth-Third National BankHENRY MORGENTHALER, Vice-President,Title Guarantee & Trust CoCHARLES.G. MUULANE. President TheJohn Mullane Co., Candies. 'DL. MATHER. Mather Brothers CoLumber, Coal, Sewer Pipe and Cement!Richmond, Ind. 'G-p;, mOrse- General Agent, The ErieRailroad.R.McCRACKEN, The Kentucky LumberL-TtrT MryTOR", sales Manager, TheWestern TCiatf.;t n 'SL IBOLD Cigar Manufacturer.GEORGE C. NEWLAND. Cincinnati Post.MEYER N"RWwnvi? -ot -vrdepartment Store, Vice-President.Olnho rkirof.jii rC- E- NIPPERT. Traffic 'Manager, Unionxidjr o: urain uo.JAMES P ORR Pntfnr cv,n rvGEORGE PUCHTA. President, Queenj ouppiy uo. aiso Assistant Treasurer of the United States.R. J. PATTON, President, The R. J. Patton Co.. Awnino-c Ton to atnWM. HAMMOND PARKER, Instructor inOHUUIlUmirvs I n VprB rv nt I1 nn nnnfA. D. PARTv' .Tnhn T"l TJolr J. 0 rilH- J- ROB BEN, President, The NationalHardware Co., Jobbers of CarriageHardware and Trimmings.CHARLES E. ROTH, Treasurer, Theuuiiu . xvotn .pacKing uo.P. K. RANSOM, F. Kl Ransom & Son,General Insurance.W. H RiGGLE. Sr.l03 T.nager, Bur-t. A RICHMoyn. Richmord Brushes4,Paints nnr -niiior, 'E- ROSEN:ia"l,"s. Rosenthal & Co.,W. C. SPIELMAN, Cincinnati Butchers'Sunnlv HrJOHN D. SAGE. Third Vice-Presidentdim oecretary, The Union Central LifeJOHN SHTLLTTfY Tho .Trili n Chllllf nG- H. BEAZELL. Member CincinnatiOLA'ti Jiixcnange. investment Securities.G. SCHLOTTERFECK, Cincinnati Commercial Tribune.GEO. C. SHAYS. E. A. Kinsey Co.. Pailway Machinists, Mill, Factorv and Contractors' Suoplies..LUKE W. SMITH, President, The CharlesE. Smith & Son.s Co., Importers andManufacturers of Men's Furnishin"Goods and Shirts.AARON L. STIX. Louis Stlx & Co.Wholesale Dry Goods.A. P. STRIETMANN, President and General Manager. The Geo. H. Strietmann'sSons Co.. Bakers of Superior Crackers.Cakes and Biscuits.F. O. STONE, President, F. O. Stone Baking Co.. Stone's Wrapped Cakes.ALBERT SCHWILL, Jr., The F ASchwill & Son Co.ARTHUR P. TAYLOR, Secretary andTreasurer, The Charles Taylor's SonsCo.. Fire Brick.ADOLPH C. WEISS, Secretary and Treasurer, the Mabley & Carew Co., Cincinnati's Great Retail Store.C. F. vELSH, The Baldwin Co., Manufacturers of Pianos, Organs and PianoPlayers.H. G. WITTGBNFELD, The Rupp &Wittgenfeld Co., Tanners and Jobbersof Leather, Shoes and Findings.MORRIS WICKERSHAM, The John Shillito Co.GEO. -W. WEEDON. Assistant GeneralPassenger Agent. Pennsylvania Lines.RUDOLPH WURLITZER, President, TheRudolph Wurlitzer Co., Manufacturersand Wholesale Dealers in Musical Instruments. SAMUEL B. WRIGHT. E. B. Wright &Co., Commission Merchants.JOHN C. WEBER and Band of 19 Men.W. J. YOUMANS. Vice-President. The W.B. Carpenter Co.. Stationers, -Printers,Lithographers and Engravers.GEORGE ZEZHLER. President, TheGeorge Zehler Provision Co., MeatPackers.JOS. ZIEGLER, Chas. Meis Shoe Co..Wholesale Shoes.2.Homeseekers' FaresTo point3 in Arizona, Arkansas,Louisana, Missouri, ;Ncw Mexico,Oklahoma, Texas, Kansas, Nebraska,Montana, Michigan, Wisconsin, Alabama, Florida and Mississippi. Tickets on sale first and third Tuesdays ofeach month with final return limit 25days from date of sale except to destinations in Florida, final limit will be12 days from date of sale. Liberalstopovers allowed in homeseeker territory. We also have on sale daily untilApril 30, 1912, with final return limitsMay 31, 1912 Winter Tourist tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida. Georgia,Louisana, New Meixco and Texas,with liberal stopovers allowed.For further information, call on orwriteW. H. HARRIS. Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."Hourly-High Speed ThroughService.Paris Lexington FrankfortDivision.Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort every hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m.,and at 10 p. m., the last car goingonly as far as Versailles .Cars leave Lexington for Versaillesand Frankfort, and for Paris everyhour on the hour from 6 a. m. until7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p. m., thelast car ' going only as far as Versailles. Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington and Paris every thirtyminutes after the hour from 6:30 a.m. until 7:30 p. m., and at 10:30 p.m., the last car going only as faras Lexington.GEORGETOWN LEXINGTON-NICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexingtonand Nicholasville every forty-fiveminutes after the hour from 5:45 a.m. until 6:45 p. m., and 8:05 and10:05 p.m.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetownevery hour on the hour from (i a. muntil 7 p. m. and ac 9 and It p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville every thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 pm. and at 9:30 p. m. and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville for Lexington and Georgetown every fifteenminutes after the" hour from 6:15 a.m. until 2:15 p. m. and 10:15 p. m.Daily Fasb Freight Service" BetweenParisrLexington, Versailles, Frankfort, Georgetown and all Intermediate Points. Freight Agent's Telphones: Old Phone 809, New- Phone 309. -job PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!TRE JQB RBOfflS OFTHEAre prepaired to do the best of; Printing on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themworkOur type is' new and modernfaces.m soiirbon lie w$,104 Issues a Year for$2.00Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.NoBusiness Transacte&bn Sunday.THEBOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY,. APRIL 30, 1912..Unite WithPresbyterianlChurch.Four additions were made to thePresbyterian church Sunday MastersFrank Trissler and Richard Talhottand Misses Eleanor Lytle and NancyWilson, uniting and were received intothe church.Have it Put Aside.Select 5 our wall paper at J. T. Hinton's now and have it put aside.Refrigerators.Our stock ol refrigerators is thelargest we have ever had. All kindsat all nrices. Don't forget we areagents for the celebrated North Starthe best refrigerator in the world.J. T. HINTON.Fresh Fish and Berries.We have fresh fish and berries everyday. It C. P. COOK & CO.r"Zh Borne of Correct Tootwear.ftDAN COHEN!Let Us Solve TheSpringFootwearProblem For You!We have everything that is correct and beautifulAll the Latest Popular Spring Stylesare included We have the latest model inPumps in Satin, Gun Metal, Patents, Tansand White Nu-Buck. These Pumps arej made on special improved lasts that fit thearch and are none-slips-off. It will be a veryeasy matter for you to select your Footwearfrom our great assortment. We guarantee tosave you money. Come in and get posted.Specials mis MLadies' White Nu-Buck, 16-button Boots, made onthe popular hroad high-toe last. While they !ast,only,$2.99Ladies' White Canvas Button Shoes, a cool andcomfortable Shoe for Spring and Summer. Whilethey last, only$1.89Ladies' Tan, Gun Metal and Kid Oxfords in lace orbutton. While they last, only$1.99Misses' White Canvas Button Shoes. While theylast, only$1.49We have the largest selection in White Footwearfor Ladies, Misses and Children, in this city at agreat saving.See Our Great Line of Ladies'Pumps and Colonials TheyAre in the Lead.DAN COHEN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky. jSanger's Circus May 2."Something out of the ordinary" isa remark that can properly be made ofSanger's Greater European Shows,which will exhibit in Paris ThursdayMay 2.The big circus has a reputation forproducing remarkable surprises in itsarena until the public has learned thatit can attend an exhiDition of theSanger's Greater European Shows expecting to see something new anddifferent.. There is an unusual number of features withthis show this season. Itis difficult to pick the best, bomewilllike the trained wild beasts' exhibitionor horse wonders. , Others will preferthe Earl Jbamily. Meredith Troupe,The Riding Russells.the Glasgow Royal Horses, the Ellite Troupe, whilesome Swill spend most of the timelaughing at the host of clowns, listening to Luickey's famous Marine band,enjoying the races, admiring"Lthe;animals or petting the beautiful DublinPrize Horses." No matter which wayone looks while under any of theSanger's Greater European Showtents, -he is sure to see something outof the ordinary.Leads I. H. C. Salesmen.Mr. Wyatt ThomDson, of this city,traveling salesman for theInternational HarvesterGompany, is at the headof the list of forty-five salesmen working out of New Albany Ind., for thelargest amount of sales made and alsofor the smallest expense account of anyof the men employed by that companyin the New Albany district. Mr.Thompson has been in he employ of thecompany for several months and hisshowing is a most creditable one.Special Train.A special train via Queen & CrescentRoute to Macon, Ga., and return for theUnited Confederate Veterans Reunionwill leave Lexington 4:20 p. m., May 6.Round trip fare from Lexington $9.90.For further information apply to nearestTicket Agent, or H. C. King, P. & T.A., Lexington, Ky.MILLERSBURG ITEMS.Lebus to Succeed Dickey. 'A Washington dispatch is to theeffect that the nomination of LewisLebus for the nostmastershiD of thecity of Cynthiana will be sent to thesenate by President Taft some timeduring the coming week and in eventof his appointment he will succeed G.M. Dicky, who has held the positionfor a number of years. Mr. Dickey isa brother of Mr. John Dickey of thiscity.Call S. M. Allen for fire insurance.Mr. Walden Chanslor, of Cincinnati, is the guest of relatives here.Born On Friday, to Mr. and Mrs.A, S. Best, a handsome daughter.Mr. Ellis Baldwin, of .Maysville, is aguest of his sister, Mrs. E. H. Kerr,.Miss Vallette McClintock, of Paris,visited relatives here Saturday and Sunday. All losses paid promptly by S. M.Allen. Don't fail to insure against firewith him.Mr. J. M. Caldwell and family havemoved to their farm near Paris, recentlypurchased.Mrs. J. T. Insko and little daughter, of Maysville, are guests of Mrs. Celmou Insko.Mr. and Mrs. L. R.j Rogers, of CaneRidge, were guests of her father, Mr. J.G. Allen, Friday.Rev. W. A. Swift and family leftMonday for a two weeks' visit to relatives in Mayfield.S. M. Allen represents the best fireinsurance companies in the world. Alllosses paid promptly.Mrs. Anna Jefferson has returnedfrom a visit of several weeks to her daughter, Mrs. R. W. Becraft.Miss Bess Puruell, of Paris, was thegnest of her mother, Mrs. Mattie Purnell, from Saturday until Monday.Misses Kizzie May McDauiel and Margaret Stanard were guests of Miss MaryDee McDaniel, at Leesburg, this weekMrs. Lacy Clarke was at the bedsideof her brother, Mr. Chas. Whale', atSt. Joseph's Hospital, Lexinelon, lastFriday.Mrs. John Bishop and Miss NannieRobinson, of Paris, were guests Saturday and Sunday of their parents, Mr.and Mrs. Chas. Robinson.Miss Don Shivel, one of the Seniorsin Expression of the M. F. C, will givea recital Friday at 8 p. m., at the auditorium. The public is invited.Mr. W. C. Collins, local manager ofthe East Tennessee Telephone Co., hasbeen transferred from here to Richmond,and will enter upon his duties thereWednesday.A large number from Millersburgwill attend the opening game of theBlue Grass League season in Paris, Wednesday afternoon between the Paris andWinchester teams.Miss Barbara Smith gave a publicrehearsal in dramatic reading at the M.M. I. drill hall, Saturday night. Herprogram was exceptionally good. MissSmith is under the training of Mrs. C.M. Best, and is one of the most promising young ladies in this line of work inMillersburg, and her numbers on thisoccasion were well adapted to the qualityof her voice. Following the rehearsal areception was held. Ices and cakes wereserved.Miss Nannie Clark, who is : teachingin the graded school at Cynthiana, accompanied by her friend, Miss Norval,was at home Saturday and Sunday.Miss Haydeu, who is also teaching in thesame school, walked over Sunday morning. The three ladies, in company withMr.qAdams, of Cynthiana, walked backSunday evening. Miss Hayden leftCynthiana at 8:15 Sunday morning andreached the home of Mr. J. C. Clark at11:15 o'clock, covering the distance oftwelve miles in three hours, and making an average oj four miles per hour.When the part' returned to Cyn.hianaSunday evening, Miss Hayden reportedthat she had suffered no ill effects fromher long tramp, and was as fresh aswhen she started in the'morning. MissesNell and Letton, at the head of the M.F. C. walking club, are advised to get amove on themselves. A framp to Cynthiana has been promised for severalweeks, and it is hoped they will journeybefore next Saturday. The Cynthianaclub will Avalk to Carlisle and returnnext Sunday, a distance of thirty-six,miles. ,-- --vDesirable Property Survered andPlatted, at Public Sale May 15.The surveyors have finished theirwork of platting the property belongmg to Mr. John S. Jones, in the oldirair urounas addition, in fans, ana aplat of same will appear in the Bourbon News next issue. The public salewill be held un Wednesday, May 15,when 25 of the most desirable buildinglots in Pari3 will be offered under thehammer. These lots are located onNineteenth street, Clifton Avenue andthe Clintonville pike, all ideal locations. Sonada Makes Fine Showing.In reviewing the work of the Kentucky derby candidate at Louisville theTimes has the following about a Bourbon county horse :"Horsemen at the downs who camefrom Charleston are discussing the finework of Sonanda. Catesby Woodford'sKentucky Derby crack. Hie generalimpression seems to be that whenTrainer McCormick ran the son of imp.Star Shoot at Charleston he was alittle abort, and these good judges thinkhe will, be a strong contender withWorth and The Manager for the bigrace on May 11. Not a few of theseexperts seem to be willing to wagerreal money on Sonada's changes withodds which look inviting."$1.00Will start a , Bank Account herestart you on the road to Success.andOld Building Being Razed.The old academy building whichstands .on the public square at Sharps-burg-,Bath county, is being torn awayand the brick in the structure will beu.ced in the inner .wall of the new$15,000 scnool building that is to beerected at that place. The old schoolhouse is one of the lanlraarks of thetown and was erected durine a veryremote period, the exact date bein2 forgotten, and even beyond the memoryof the oldest inhabitant of the town.The first teacher in the institution wasProf. J. C. Robinson, who after teaching one week was killed by two of hismale pupils. Prof. John b'ox. Jr., thenoted author, who formerly taughtschool in Paris was at one time at thehead of the school and Mrs. Fannie B.Talbott. of Sharpsburcr.a sister of Mrs.Wm. .Johnson, of this city, and Mrs.Bettie Howell, of Huntington, W. Va.,formerlv of Carlisle, was princiD&lfrom 1880 t" 1904.Insure with W. O. liinton.Prompt paying non - unicncompanies. tfCouncil Meeting.At the regular meeting of the Council Thursday night, as stated in the lastissue of the News eighteen saloonlicense was issued for the ensuing year,at the annul license fee of $1,000. onehalf of which is payable at the first otMay and the remaining half on the firstday of August. Councilman Parrishoffered a motion to reduce the licenseto $750 per year, and a substitutedoffered by Councilman Baldwin was tomaintain the license fee in affect during the past three years, the motionof Mr. Parrish was lost through the absence of a second and the substitutecalled by a voote of 5 to J. Mr. Walkerbeing absent from the meeting.Building permits were granted asfollows: J. S. Johnson, one-storyframe cottage on Cypress street ; Wm.Ballard, one-story frame cottage at thecorner of Bocne and Fifteenth streets;Martin Uoyle, two story brick buildingon Main street, adjoining the old Christian church property ; Walker Dimmit,one story adaition.to frame cottage atthe corner of Washington street andScott Avenue ; Dr. D. S. Henr.v, onestory cottage on Barnes avenue.The fixing of the license tax for theensuing year was then taken up andwhich was made practically the sameas labt year with the exception of thetax imposed upon industrial insurancecompanies operating in this city, whichwas reduced from $100 to $50 and thetax imnosed upon old line companiesraised from $25 to $50. making the taxon the two branches of insurance equal.Upon a motion offered by councilmanPar.ish the license tax which has previously been levied on the ice deliverywagons of the Paris Ice ManufacturingCo.. was removed, also that which hasheretofore been imposed upon installment furniture houses. .The sum of $4,406.50 to take up twocoupons of the city's debt3. due on May1, was ordered drawn to be used forthat purpose. City Attorney C. A.McMillan, who has been in communication with the officers of the NationalBitumen Co. relative to repairing Mainstreet submitted a communication,which was to the effect that they wouldrepair the thoroughfare and asked theextent of the repairs so needed.The Courcil by a unanimous votepassed an order to adpvertise forbids forlighting the streets of the city for aceriod beginning Mav 1. 1912, to May1. 1913.For Sale.Fifteen ton of extra fine timothyhay for saleCHARLTON CLAY,23-6t E. T. Phone 57.FOR SALE.Counters and Show Cases.CHAS. E. BUTIvER & CO.,Opp. Court House, Paris, Ky.16-3tNOTICE.Persons having claims aginsat theestate of Russell Mann, deceased, arerequested to present same, properlyproven, to the undersigned not laterthan May 15, 1912. Persons indebted tosaid estate are requested to call andsettle same. -, KATE B. MA-NJN, .16A$t , Admx. Russell Maun.U flsrictsltur! BanK of Paris.Capital Surp3us Protection$100,00.00 $67,500.00 $267,500.00oTELLINGATWOWAYSFORTUNECopyright, 1311, by D. C. Bowline Co.5SBANKBOOKA BANK account with us is the sure way. Nogreat fortune has ever been without a bank account and certainly no small one was ever accumulated without a. passbook. A passbook issued for$10.00 or more.United States Depository for Postal Savings.We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accountsDEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS,Capita! $ 1 00,000 Surplus $30,000or"1H. Josselson,PARIS, KY.The Camera MiamiOften photographs evidence thatshould Bead you to "ask your dealer toshow you Selz's Royal Blue Shoes.Mr. J. H.Josselson, our sole representative of Paris will be glad to show youa full Sine of.Selz Shoes,for both Snap and Wear.9LLargest Makers of Good Shoes in the World.J. H. JOSSELSON, Sole AgtParis, KentuckyEasy Walking Shoe HouseJ