THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JUNE 21, 19129?ihISas(lis4iiimiThimonStore aaturday Specials!One Hundred White Skirts, $1.25Value, for Satucday Only,59cNot Over Two Skirts to a Customer.One Hundred Ladies' Gingham HouseDresses, $1 .50 Value, at98cNot Over Two to a Cus tomesTbe Simon Department Store,Paris, KentuckyLOOK!TEDDY THREATENSUnless Contested Seats Are Vacated Colonel May Quit Chicago Convention!TAFT FORCES CONFIDENTRoosevelt Leaders Think ColonelMay Have Acted Too Hastily Bulletins"WE KNOW HOW'AT THESE CHEAP GROCERIES16 lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.00Full quart Karo Syrup 10c8 Bars Lenox Soap , 25cPure Hog Lard per lb 1 4cWhite Bacon per lb 12 l-2c2 Cans Good Corn 15cPure Cider Vinegar, per gallon ........ . 30c3 gallons of Coal Oil . . 35cBLUE RSBBON FLOUR25-ib Sack SOc5Mb Sack $ 1 .O1 OO-lh Sack $3.20Honest Weight and QualityGuaranteedT. . LENIHAN,Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234vwtotototoCHICAGO, June 20. With the 'splitbetween Taft and Roosevelt forces inthe Republican National Conventionhaving at last reached the point wherea definite threat to bolt had beenmade, many of the panic-stricken delegates in this city turned desperatelyearly today to tne task of stirring upsentiment for a compromise candidate.Gov. Hadley, of Missouri, andJustice Hughes, of the Supreme Court,were names under consideration.Practically all of the talk of a compromise candidate came from theRoosevelt followers. There was evidence early today of a nearly completedisintegration of the Rooevelt forces.They appeared to be fighting desperately. The Colonel's headquarters were beseiged by a mass of his followers anddelegates seeking advice.The conferencs of last night had convinced the Roosevelt leaders that comparatively few of their delegateswould desire the Republican partv."It looks as though the bottom haddropped out," declared a member ofthe Roosevelt council today.Serious dissension exists in theRoosevelt camp.Many of the leaders were frank intheir declaration that the Colonel haaacted hastily in a number of matters,in coming to Chicago and in precipitating a bolt from the Committee onCredentials last night.Roosevelt followers in nearly all ofthe State delegations were busy withtheir compromise candidate talk.The Colonel denies the report that hehas freed his delegates of other obligations. The Rcosevelt conservatives ere alittle fearful as to who the Taft peoplemight receive the proposition of acompromise.With the Roosevelt mnvement apparently crumbling, it as believed thattne Taft pelple would stiffen up, although there was talk that some ofthe Taft people, satisfied with havingudefeated Roosevelt, vould be contentto take a man who had some. chance ofbringing the faction.together.ROOSEVELTS' ULTIMATUM.CHICAGO, June 20. Bulletin 2:G0p. m. That the American people andthe Republican voters of the countryalready have nominated TheodoreRoosevelt for President and that Theodore Roosevelt and his followers willnot recognize the National Republican Convention is regular unlessHadlev's motion to oust the seventy-eicht contested delegates is adopted,was the declaration of Roosevelt andDixon this afternoon..The XTRAGOOD LabelMakes Satisfaction Sure.Sailor, Russian and Junior suits, pretty cheviots,worsteds and serges, newest combinations for Springwear, large graceful collars,silk ties, trousers lined.Most artistic designs on themarket, 2 1-2 to 10years $5.00Boys' two-piece doublebreasted and Norfolk suits,plain two-piece suits withfull lined "knickers;" alsoNorfolk and "knicker"trousers; new Spring styles,large variety of styles andchecks. A very popularAil2Sv3S"VTRAGOOTlthis season, durable serge liningsthe style and appearance of much higherricedclothing; sizes 7 to 17 years $7.50mmPR160,& 60. GiotnierUs?tfMMMMMMMfflMni11 :08 a. m. An hour before theconvention will be called to order. Thehall is rapidly.filling. A surging mobbars all entrances clamoring for admission to what promises to be themost exciting session of the convention.11 :32 a. m. There is a rumor afloatin the hall that immediately upon themeeting of the convention at noon adjournment will be taken until 4 o clockthis afternoon This action is takenon account or delays in. reacnina anagrement among the members of thevarious committees. Reports of thesecommittees is the first thing to betaken up by the convention.11 :35 a. m. The police are havinggreat trouble in handling the crowdsjammed about the entrances to thebuilding1. Every avenue of entranceto the Coliseum has been jammed withhumanity since 10 o clock The galleries are already packed but the sectionot the hall reserved tor delegates isas yet practically vacant.11:44 a. m. The hall is now jammedto tne point of suffocation. Miss Florence Jackson sings "On MoonlightDay. accompanied bv the band. Although located in the bandstand at thnorth end of the building and extremetop, her voice fills the building completely.11 :52 a. m. Chairman Root hasjust appeared in the hall after -beingheld uo for fifteen minutes at thedoor because he did not have a badceas well as a ticket.ij :t6 a. m. mere was a rumorafloat in the hall when the gatherinof the crowd first began that PresidentTaft and Col. Roosevelt had agreed turelinquish their delegates if a compromise candidate could be agreed uponNow comes report that Col. Roosevelthas officially denied this.12:04 p. m. The convention calledto order and Dean Walter T. Sumnerof the Cathedral of Sts. Peter anPaul, pronnnuces the invocation.12:05 p. m. Dean Sumner's prayeris an appeal tor light and reason. Itis very short and applauded by thentire convention.12:06 p. in. It is moved and seconded that the convention adjourns until 4o ciock mis aicernonn. Tne motion iscarried unanimously.2:30 p. m. There must have beenlarge number of spectators who did noleave the hall during the recess be(Continaed on Page 8.). 'JyTO "FATTED CALF" for theProdigal Son, but we do offercomfort and satisfaction to theprodigal clothes-buyer.0Those who have spent riotously in thepast for bothCustom-Made andReady-to-Wear Clothesand have not found satisfaction will be surprised at the satisfaction they will find in ourready-for-service garments. Not only theprice, but the perfect fit and wearing qualitieswill surprise you.ifMitchell & Blakemorc,IOutfitters, to MenParis, Kentucky'53; EI SH 1 1 1 1 U 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 ( lllLI 1 L1TI HI 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 f 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 M 1 1 1 1 M 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 ! 1 1 1IUMIIII111I1 1I1IIIIIII1II11 1 1 1 1FRANK & CO.. IThe Store Where Reliability Reigns. . i1Special Price Reductions25J3i3.ONLadies9 and Misses' SuitsSILK AND WOOL DRESSESRECEPTION AND DANCING FROCKSSILK AND SERGE SEPARATE COATSSERGE AND FANCY WOOL SKIRTSCome in and Get Our Prices We Are 1Always Wiling For Comparison inQuality and PricesHALF-PRICE SALE ON LADIES' SAILOR HATS. I:. Frank & Co. . I' rans, - KentuckyMiuiiijiiiiuiii5JTHE BOURBON NEWS,' PARIS, KENTUCKY,. JUNE 21 1912.rLet Us Initiate You Into WearingA Pair ofifluI,. t f,&V- V2ilk ? vWe Have a Full Line of Graduation Shoes inWhite Buck, White Canvas,Velvets and Dull Leathers.GEO. McWILLIAMS,I Ph(Phones 301i 5AWa C1 .SMfflTWIN BROSClothing DepartmentAll the Latest Ideas in8PBIN8Now OnL WOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.1DC1V113t a ajMMafc-ai nMnm-aiIIiYERKES & PRICHARDIiOur ShoesThis is the Place WhereYou Can Get a Pair ofShoes With Every CustomQuality. When You AreFitted in a Pair of OurShoes You Will be Pleasedin -Style, Fit and Quality,as We Have a large Lineto Select From.9IThe Shoe ManIMl-'Sa 5V NGM 'Vl iSLM rJAIVJDisplayCLOTH1 KINOFLAIN 1 LKJmi - i an 11 mmi - u ca a w i " mm i y w r.-Anyone who has used the BEMIS TRANSPLANTERand then used another can?appreciatethe difference inthe work done. The floating shoe, positive valveaction, all steel frame, and the work done are ikfeatures.Give us your order now so youjwill be sure ofgetting one,BothI5 Phones 66Tired of Tobacco Growing.A dispatch Irom Georgetown. 0, saysa great many farmers in Brown andClermont counties have abandonedtobacco growing and ara going intodairying on an extensive scale.The dispath goes on to say that theprice of tobacco has-been low and thecrops have brought the farmers onlysmall returns for their labor. At thesame time, farm laborers are scarceand wages are high, and these thingshave been making tobacco raising moredifficult and less profitable." The farmers are hnding that dairying is easierwork and bings larger returns.Almost any sort of farm work iseasier than raising tobacco. Whilegood tobacco brings good money generally a tobacco crop requires a year ormore in the making and marketing,and one crop is scarcely off the farmer's hands before he must begin making preparations for another. And allalong the line there'is a big lot of hardwork connected with the business. Itis not surprising that some of the Ohiofarmers are quilting tobacco to take updairying, an industry in which the returns come in day by day and wherethere are no violent fluctuations in theprice of the product.Kentucky produces approximatelyone-third of all the tobacco grown inthe Unietd States, and our farmersseem to be doing their best to increasethe proportion, despite the fact thatprices have been a rather uncurtainquantity in recent years. It could nothurt much it some of the tobacco growers should imitate the example of theirUhio brethern ana tne cnances arethat it would help.Cancer Treatment.Mrs. Bettie Letcher, of Ewing. Ky.is being treated for cancer of thebreast by Dr. W. R. Smith with hisfelebrated Indian remedy, and she isabout cured. Mrs. Letcher visited anumber of cancer specialists in thelarge cities, but they refused to treather and pronounced the case hopeless.Dr. Smith certainly has the remedythat will cure.with plenty of out-door exercise, pure food and air, willarrest consumptive tendencies,allay irritation in throat andlungs, and build up the wholebody. All Druggists.Scott & Bowne. Bloomfield, N J 12-14Hot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.IIIIIIJ,THE BOURBON NEWSPABISj KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .$2.00-Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for .first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matt er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.. Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.Origin of Tariff.Why is the Republican party besetby its present difficulties? This question can be answered with one wordtariff. The tariff was originally employedto meet the expense of the Civil War.To raise money for this emergencythe government decided to tax everyarticle of manufacture. The American manufacturers complained of thisand justly. They aaid the taxes wereso heavy as to be ruinous, becausethey could not compete with importedarticles.which did not have to carrythis tax. So a plan was devised toprotect the American manufacturers."We will place a tariff on all importedarticles," said the government,"whichwill put you on an even or better footing with your foreign competitors."Everyone understood that this protective system was to be but temporary, to meet an unusual condition,and that the tariff on imnorts wouldbe abolished when it became no longer!necessary to require the Americanmanufacturers to pay a tax on their !manufactures.But in the'meantime the privileged tfew had discovered that in the tariff jlay a means by which they could buildup enormous fortunes.' These fortuneswere pointed to as evidence that thetariff was a good thing. The protectionists fooled the people by making thenfbelieve tihat these fortuneshad come from "the foreigners, "whenthe fact was that the fortunes hadbean wrung fr m the common people,who had been forced to pay artificiallyhigh prices for the things necessaryto life.The protectionists knew in theirhearts of this deception, and then andthere did fraud and humbug becomepart and parcel of politics. But thepeople have learned at last that tarifffor protection, that a tariff for anyother purpose than to raise sufficientrevenue to meet the expense of thegovernment, has no excuse in logic oreconomics. It needs no argument toconvince the average man now that toreduce taxation is to reduce prices.From the first, the manufacturershave never 'Lbeen satisfied with areasonable amount of protection, butthey keep on demanding more andmore. The result is today that theAmerican consumers are today payingdividends on a trust capitalization ofthirty-three billion dollars, seventy percent, of which is water, while American working men and women, particularly those who labor for the mosthighly protected trusts, are receivingwages as low as $6, 7 and $8 a week.And this is the reason why the Republican party is beset by its presentdifficulties.Famous Stage Ueautieslook with horror on skin eruptions,blotches, sores or pimples. Theydon't have them, nor" will any onewho uses Buckln's Arnica Salve. Itglorifies the face, eczema or saltrheum vanish before it. It cures sorelips, cnapped hands: heals burns, cutsand bruises. Unequaled for piles.Onlv 25 c. at Oberdorfer's.Election Law is Constitutional.The Court of Appeals Tuesday heldconstitutional the Eaton-ThompsonState primary election law passed atthe last session of the Legislature.The decision came in the case of JudgeJohn T. Hodge, of Campbell county,aeinst J. Lvman Bryant, clerk ofCampbell county, a friendly suit having been filed by Hodge to.enjoin Bryan from placing the name of a circuitjudge on the ballot"in the August, primary for the purpose of testing theconstitutionally of the law. JudgeHodge was of the opinion that the lawconflicted with sections 6, 59 and 60 ofthe constitution.The Appellate Court, in its oninion,prepared by Judge Nunn, held that theprimary law does not conflict with theConstitution, and that th Legislaturehas the authortiy to eract such iecisJation in order that he voters mayhave the right to express their will atthe polls in making nominations forparty candidates.The court also, passed upon the caseof Louis Marshall against John B.'Dillion, of Kenton county, involvingthe same question.WOMAN'S TRIALS.ItShe ng ne ne- subduin nervous excitability prostration, hystena, hotflashes and die many symptoms which may be caused by distressing ills peculiarFnr those " draiiw!-down " pains or distress and for the derange-testimonials from people living in every part of Amen.a. Anotiier importanttT to every woman is that this medicine is made from efficient edicd roots,y thoune use of alcohol, narcotics, or any inrious agents. Full hct of ingredients Xen on bottie-wrappar and sworn to by Dr. R. V. Fiercc-who Presidentcnto given on duiw- w tim, i'---! r,A Snrrfical Institute, at Buffalo.Mrs. Morrell.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBAIMER.BOTH 'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 399.tWhy not you join the great army ofcustomers and burn1 Now isthe time toDodson & DentonPARIS. KY.Cumberland telephone and telegraph CompanyINCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local and" LONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, Narth Middleto wn, Little7 Rock anRuddles Mills. ."When you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service."CumberlandlTelephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporatedSome Good AdviceTo the People.Don't sell your old feathers until you find out the prices, Youcan call us and we will look atyour feather, or if you live inthe counrry send us a sample: Iwill let you know what they areworth. Some old feathers if theyhave been well cared for are asgood as new. We pay marketprice for new feathers. xMAX MUNICK,8th Street, PARIS, KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 374Jlnnk LanghornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtfEast Tenn. Phoe 669LOWRY & TALBOTTParis. Kexifu.ols.-vALL THE COMFORTS OF HOMEI . : x"5 Cn UAaSTIC t MAJESTIC:1A J ifT3PCFBW0J fef?-a Yrf-'lN Y Every woman is invited to write to this institute andrec-ive confidential end sound medical advice, entirelywithout cost from on2 who nckss the creases of womeahis f;'cjcj14sprruy rtc3mncr.d rcur remedies, especially-n- ; Favor: to Prrcriptkm.' for ulfiemale disorders," writesMvp MM. :-Iorri:ll, of Bluff City, Term., Kpute 2. "Daringi'lo nr -iiVvon vcjr I sulYrivd from pains in the back andovaVi ynri." nnr.v remedies but found only transientroli Vrnrf I was p-rsuaded by a friend to try Dr. Piem-Favorite P-cri ption. After giving this remedy a fair tn?I found that it won Id do just what it is recommended todo I used in all seven bottle?. I cannot speak too higntoof Dr. Pierce's remedies lor an iemaie arrangements.?Dr. Pierce s Pleasent Pellets regulate liver ills.try a load.NEW BARBER SHOP !Modern Equipment,4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDJoe. G. Mitchell,Against Fire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies. Phone 162Agent.willlnotjbe yours unless youhave aMajestic Rangein Your Kitchen!Cdmein and see them. Theyare the best g ade.JTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 21, 1912RIOT AT TUBE WORKSPOLICEMEN SEVERELY BEATENFOLLOWING ATTEMPT TO ARREST AGITATORS.Three Thousand Men Are On Strikeand Large Force Is Required toMaintain Order.-Pittsburg, Pa. Following a seriesof bloody riots at the Second avenueplant of the National tube works, in ;which scores of persons were seriouslyinjured and policemen beaten insensible, Police Superintendent ThomasMcQuaide has 250 patrolmen surrounding the plant and patrolling thestreets near by.More than 2,000 workmen who hadremained at work after the walk-outSunday night joined the ranks of thesirikers.They were incensed at -the clubbinggiven many of their co-workers afterstrikers had fired into the stockade inwhich the company is housing thestrikebreakers.There are 3,000 men out now.The rioting started before noonwhen Patrolmen Gallant and Tanneyarrested two strikers who wereharanguing an excited crowd. Whenthe patrolmen started to put the menin the wagon the mob set upon thebluecoats.Gallant was tripped. Be fore hecould rise he was kicked into insensibility. One arm was broken and allhis front teeth were kicked out. Inthe battle -to protect Gallant Tanneyhad two ribs broken.AWARDS MISS FORNER DAMAGES.Trenton, N. J. Tears of grief werequickly turned to smiles of joy byMiss Johanna Alice Forner, of Dresden, Germany, when a jury in theUnited States court here awarded her$25,000, the full amount of damagesshe asked in her betrayal suit againstHans Schumann-Heink, son of the famous contralto soloist. The defendant was not present, nor was he represented by counsel.NOTED SONG WRITER DEAD.Toledo. Hughie Cannon, 39 yearsold, song writer, who produced someof the best money-makers in the lineof popular song in recent years, diedan inmate of the county infirmaryhere. Cannon was the author of "GooGoo Eyes," "Ain't That a Shame?" and"Bill Bailey." It is said he sold thelatter song for 10.CONTRACT IS AWARDED.Frankfort, Ky. The new mansionfor the governor of Kentucky -will beready for occupancy January 1. TheCapitol Lumber Co., of 'this city, wasawarded the contract for building themansion for $61,875, the next closestbidder was Alt & Nail ConstructionCo., of Louisville. Their bid was?62,535.CINCINNATI MARKETSWheat Steady Tuesday. No. 2 red1.111.12, No. 3 red $1.061.12, No.4 red 90c$1.05.Corn Easy Tuesday. No. 2 white8384c, No. 3 white 8282c, No. 4white 7982c, No. 2 yellow 75 76c,No. 3 yellow 7475c, No. 4 yellow 7274c, No. 2 mixed 75 76c, No. 3 mixed 7374c, No. 4 mixed 7273c,white ear 7981c, yellow ear 8082c,mixed ear 7880c.Oats Easy Tuesday. No. 2 white5555c, standard white 5455c,No. 3 white 54541c, No. 4 white 5354c, No. 2 mixed 5454c, No. 3mixed 5354c, No. 4 mixed 5253.Hav Weak Monday. No. 1 timothy2222.50, No. 2 timothy $20.5021,No. 3 timothy $1819, No. 1 clovermixed $20.50 21.50, No. 2 clover mixed $1819, No. 1 clover $1516, No. 2clover $1314.Cattle Steady to strong on good;slow on other grades. Shippers $6.2508.25, choice to extra $S.358.50,butcher steers, extra $7.75 8, good tochoice $6.757.50, common to fair$4.506.50; heifers, extra $7.507.G5, good to choice $6.507:40, common to fair $3.756.25; cows, extra$5.755.85, good to choice $4.755.65,common to fair $2.254.65, canners$23.25.Bulls Steady. Bologna $454.75,extra $4.85, fat bulls $5.255.75.Calves Slow; god to choice steady;medium and common dull and weak atyesterdajT,s closing prices; fair togood $6.257.75, common and large$3.50 7.50.Hogs Active and strong at yesterday's prices. Heavy hogs $7.30 7.35,good to choice packers and butchers$7.307.35, mixed packers $77.30,stags $45.65, , common to choiceheavy fat sows $4.756.50, extra $6.60,light shippers $66.90, pigs (110 lbs.and less) $4.50(5)5.90.Sheep Generally 10c lower. Extra$3.653.75, good to choice $33.6o.common to fair $1.252.90.Lambs Generally 10c lower. Extra$8.858.90, good to choice $6.75S.75,common to fair $4.756.50, yearlings$45.75, stock ewes $34, culls 2575c each.New York. Two hundred strikingwaiters and sympathizers made a demonstration at the St. Regis hotel during the luncheon hour, and in therioting one of them threw a brickthrough one of the hotel windows.The mob was charged by policemenand- several arrests were made.Waycross, Ga. Three persons wereburned to death and two seriously injured in a fire, which destroyed theEnglish' building. The dead are:Mrs. D. M. English, Mrs. John Gamble and Paul Gamble, aged 3 years.STATEHave Been Extensively Improved By the New Boardof Control.INSPECTION IS COMPLETEDThree State Hospitals for the Insaneare Found to be in Excellent Condition by Members of the Board.Frankfort, Ky. Extensive improvements have been made by the Boardof Control of Charitable Institutions atthe three state hospitals for the insane, as they are now called underthe new law effective on June 12. Theboard has just completed a thoroughinspection of all the institutions andreports that it found everything in excellent condition. The health of thepatients is given as above the average,while the facilities for caring for themare .much better than formerly. Under the new law the per capita of hospital patients was increased from $150a yeanto $155 and with this 'increasedincome the board will be able to makemore improvements during the nextyear.Hens are now laying eggs for thepatients at the Hopkinsville and Lexington hospitals, large henneries having been established. All three hospitals have herds of milch cows of thefinest Jersey and Holstein-Fresianbreeds. All the milk and butter usedat the hospitals is supplied by the institutional cows.At the Central Hospital, Lakeland,the board has bought the land betweenthe buildings and the L. & N. railroad,paying $8,000 for the farm. The landis valuable for farming purposes, asit will enable the state to have itsown right of way to the railroad. Thehospital now uses water from the Louisville Water company's plant, andample fire protection is afforded in addition to the institution being suppliedwith fresh and pure water for bathingand drinki&g. At the Lakeland hospital a new tuberculosis building hasjust been completed at a cost of several thousand dollars. In this buildingall the tuberculosis patients will becared for. A similar building has beenerected at Hopkinsville, and anothernew one is now in course of construction. The new water tank at the Lakelandhospital is 188 feet high and holds160,000 gallons of water. It is saidto be the highest and largest in thestate. Recently a young woman oiLakewood climbed to the top of thetank, stood on the rim and waved anAmerican flag thereby winning a $20wager with a young man who did notbelieve she would dare make theclimb.At the institute for the feeble-minded,in Frankfort, a new kitchen anddining-room have been completed at acost of $15,000. Two carloads of linoleum have been purchased by theboard and will be used to cover thefloors in the wards. The linoleum isthe kind used on the United Statesbattleships. It is made in Belgiumand. is said to be the best obtainable.The board is sending out notices of aletting of contracts for groceries, drugsand flour for the use of the institutions for three months, at the Julymeeting. At the same time the yearlycontract for .coal will be awarded.Law for Protection of Fish and Game.After a long and hard fight to secure the enactment of an adequate lawfor the protection of fish and game,Joseph G. Sachs, a well known attorney of Louisville, at last sees thefruition of his work with himself atthe head of the State Fish and GameCommission. The appointment wasmade by Gov. McCreary, but ithas been known ever since the actpassed the legislature that Mr. Sachswould be chosen to head the commission which will put into operation thedrastic game and fish law, which isnow operative. J. Quincy Ward, oiParis, who has long been enlisted in jthe fight for a better game lav, wasappointed the first state fish and gamewarden at a salary of $2,400 a year.Summer Farm Schools.The extension department of the College of Agriculture at State Universityis making arrangements for holdingone-week agricultural schools in different parts of the state during thesummer months. Specialists will besent from the college to deliver lectures illustrated with stereopticonviews on the following subjects: Horticulture, dairying, domestic science,poultry, soils and crops, feeding of animals and many other related subjects.The evening session of each day willbe devoted to popular lectures, and thestereopticon will be used to demonstrate these lectures. Prof. T. R.Bryant, who has charge of the extension work, is arranging for schools atBrandenburg and Cloverport.Board of Forestry Will Organize.The new Board of Forestry will organize shortly and elect a StateForester, who will draw a salary ol$2,500 a year and will have charge oithe preservation of the trees of thestate both from fire and disease. J.Quincy Ward, of Paris, who wasnamed as Fish and Ganie Commissioner, is the only member of thecommission who will draw a salary.The others will serve without compensation. Mr. Ward will draw $2,500 aJ year, but the salary will be paid outl OI ieeS CUHcUkCU Li.GIRL HELD IN FRONT OF SHERIFFAs Kentucky Policeman Fires ThreeShots at Him," Causing SeriousWounds.Lexington, Ky. Sheriff Dan W.Scott, capturer of "King McNamara,I was fired upon by Policeman Benjawin R.' McCann and so seriously: wounded that he may lose his leftarm, and there is even fear of graverresults.In the evening of election day lastNovember Policeman McCann waspounced upon by Sheriff Scott as hestood near the closed polls in the Merino street precinct. Scott wrestedMcCann's club from his hands, beathim considerably and took him to jail.McCann in court was exon rated ofthe charges of interference with theelection that was made by Scott, andhe brought suit for $10,000 damagesagainst him. When McCann, who waswalking east on Main street, sawScott coming toward him, he is alleged to have drawn his revolver fromhis pocket and carried it in his handat his side until he was within fivefeet of Scott, when he is said to havecalled out: "Get ready, you coward."Scott was unarmed, but he grabbedMiss Lillian Unser, a clerk, who wason her way to work in a dry goodsstore, and put her between him andMcCann, using her as a shield. .VAN SANT'S ELECTIONAsChairman Ratified By Newtucky State Committees.KenFrankfort, Ky. The new State Central and State Executive Committeesof the Democratic party of Kentuckywere organized here and the electiocof Rufus H. Van Sant, of Ashland, asChairman, was ratified. Robert GPhillips, of Elizabethtown, was reelected Secretary.A committee, comprising ChairmatVan Sant; W. B. White, of MtSterling; J. W. Gay lie, of Owenton, andW. P. McDonogh, of Louisville, was appointed to determine the feasibility o)opening and maintaining Dermanenlheadquarters for the Democratic partsin this state. The committeemen arcfrom the State Central Committee.The committee determined upon thnames of Judge S. W. Hager, olOwensboro; James P. Edwards, olLouisville; L. C. Littrell, of Owenton;J. M. Richardson, of Glasgow, and RL. Brown, of Somerset, to be presentedto Governor McCreary, from which theGovernor will select the DemocraticState Election Commissioner.It is generally conceded that JudgeHager will be appointed.WARD HEADLEY IS DEAD.Louisville, Ky. Ward Headley,prominent lawyer of Princeton, Ky.and a cousin of Mayor W. O. Head, olLouisville, died at the Norton Memorial infirmary here, following a longillness. He was a close friend of Senator-elect Ollie James, and it is generally felt that he would he his suecessor in congress as a representativefrom the First Kentucky Congressioa'district. He was a presidential elector for former President Cleveland in1892, and was an elector from thestate at large in 1908. Mr. Headlejwas the author of the statutes for theprotection and in the interest of thentobacco growers of Kentucky.DAUGHTERS OF AMERICA.Mammoth Oave, Ky. The ninth annual meeting of the Kentucky councilDaughters of America, closed herewith 125 delegates in attendanceAmong the national officers who tootpart in the session were Mrs. MarieJ. Connor, of Baltimore, and Mrs. ML. Dunn and Mrs. "W. Wopsley, both olNashville.Mrs. Minnie McNabb, of Louisvillestate counselor, presided at the sessions. Mrs. Emma Whitney, of Newport, secretary, and Mrs. G. W. Orrillof Louisville, treasurer, were in attendance. The next annual convention will be held at Middlesboro, beginning the second Monday in June.CONVICT WAS KILLED.Frankfort, Ky. Noah Taylor, a lifeterm convict in the Frankfort penitentiary, was shot and killed in one olthe shoe shops at the prison, by BM. Young, a guard. Two shots werefired by the guard, one of which tookeffect in the Convict's heart, killing hiirinstantly. The guard is badly hurland is in the hospital, as a result oia blow with a hammer.PENSIONS UNDER NEW LAW.Lexington, Ky. County Judge JPercy Scott approved the applicationof twenty-one applicants for pensionsunder the new law granting pensionsto Confederate veterans and theiiwidows. There were fifty-one applications filed and as Judge Scott onMonday indorsed twenty-one, andrecommended the .same number, thereare nine remaining to be elected on.REBUILDING COUNTY ROADS.Whitesburg, Ky. It is said herethat the Lexington & Eastern RailroadCompany will start to work rebuildingthe county roadways, much of whichwere taken by the grade work of thej l j .roau last year, rnis work is to bestarted July 1 and will be rushed tccompletion. In . many places inLetcher county the roads were rendered impassable, resulting in suitsagainst the railroad company for $500,-uuu damage.TRUANT OFFICER WINS BOYSGoes at Thsrn In an Entirely New Wayand They All Think Him theBest Ever-Phoenixville, Pa. One of the claimsmade with much pride by the localschool authorities is the almost complete absence of truancy, and thosewho know give much of .the intelligent .activity of the town's truant officer,William S. Armstrong, and the popularity he has won among pupils. Thereis probably not another truant officerin the state who has such a record ofachievement in his line as has OfficerArmstrong, and for five years he hasworked with singular effectiveness.Truancy used to be much in vogueamong Phoenixville schoolboys, andthe new truant officer started in tobreak up the growing practice. Speaking or. his early experience, and describing his methods, Officer Armstrong said: "I did not go about mywork in the 'hammer-and-tongs' method. I went to work quietly, got acquainted with the habitual truants, visited their homes and sought out theirhaunts."I talked with the parents, and triedto arouse in them some interest intheir boys' school work, and askedthem to give some sign of interest andencouragement to the boys."I learned the location of all thefavorite swimming holes, the nutgroves and the most popular resortswhere boys would go to play or hide. Ivisited the swimming holes, not onlyon school days, when necessity demanded it, but on Saturday and holidays for the purpose of joining themin swimming and getting better acquainted. I have grown to know allof the 'live wires' among them intimately, and I think they are myfriends."CZAR'S , INCOME FROM VODKARussia's Ruler Is Given $400,000,000Annually by His SubjectsFor Drink.St. Petersburg. Public opinion,strongly expressed in the duma andthe press, has at last aroused thegovernment to take steps to fight thevodka fiend. A home for inebriateswill be started and an institute foranti-alcoholic research will follow.Over 80 per cent, of the city population of Russia become confirmed vodka fiends before they are twenty-fiveyears old, while 45 per cent, of thegirls fall into the habit between theages of seven and twelve. Recruitsare driven to drink through insufficient food and cold, barracks, becausefour-fifths of the coal and meat allotted to them are snapped up by officersand purveyors before it reaches thestores.Vodka has been a crown monopolysince the sixteenth century. The czarhas now 30,000 vodka saloons andcontrols 4,000 distilleries, on which herealizes $400,000,000 a year. Whilethe government spends only 3 centsper head on education, each Russiancitizen carries between 36 cents and$7 a year into the czar's saloons. Thevodka spirit is distilled from potatoesand cereals.85,000 PIECES PUT IN TABLEPart of a Pennsylvania Prison ExhibitIs Much Admired Made by aConvict.Pittsburg, Pa. An exhibition of thework of prisoners of the western Pennsylvania penitentiary was opened recently. One article which attractedwidespread comment is a table madeof 85,000 pieces of wvood. The surfaceof the table contains ten Masonic devices and insignias. Thousands of visitors attending the fifty-ninth annualPennsylvania state conclave of theKnights Templar admired the table.A well-known judge visited the exhibition. "Didn't so and so make this table?'he asked.When asked how he knew he saidho had the counterpart of it. Thejudge had sentenced the talented prisoner to a life term for murder andlater had it commuted to twenty years.RATS MAKE NEST OF MONEYFiremen After a Blaze Discover S50in Ceiling of New YorkHouse.New York. Fire CommissionerJohnson has sent to the treasury department for redemption $50 in billsof the denominations of one, two andfive dollars, which firemen discoveredhidden in the ceiling of a house inPearl street after a fire. Rats hadformed a nest of the money and all ofthe bills were chewed by the rodentsand otherwise mutilated.The money, after it is redeemed bythe treasury department, will beturned over to the firemen's pensionfund unless It is claimed by JacobMeyer, who owns the house.Bicycle With Wings Flies.Paris. France desires to promotethe science of flying without motorattachment.At Juvisy recently the bicyclist Lavalade by the use of a bicycle whichhad been converted into an "aviatte"by adding a sort of wing, "flew" threefeet seven inches, according to theofficial announcement.He cleared a cord stretched fromthe ground at a height of eight inches,but most of the spectators were inclined to designate the so-called"flight" a jump.The experiment Was preliminary toa contest here for a prize of $2,000 offered for an "aviatte'r flying 33 feetKENTUCKY EDITORSCONFER AT BIG M ID-SUM M F.RGATHERING AT OLYMPIASPRINGS.E. D. Shinnick New President OtherOfficers Elected Combine Busi-sness With Pleasure.Olympia Springs, Ky. The members of the Kentucky Press Association held their annual mid-summermeeting here last week. Business wascombined with pleasure, and a mostenjoyable session was held. Thirtypapers were represented.The newly-elected officers are:President Edward D. Shinnick,Shelbyville Record.Vice President John S. Lawrence,Cadiz Record.Secretary John C. Alcock, Jeffersoiitown Jeffersonian.Chairman Executive Committee J.R. Lemon, May field Messenger.The new members of the executivecommittee are:J. S. Stears, Nicholasville; J. B.Gaines, Bowling Green; Robert J.McBride, jr., Louisville, and John J.Barry, New Haven.'Gen. Haldeman Thanked.The following resolution of thankswas given the retiring president, Gen.W. B. Haldeman, by the executivecommittee of the association:"We, the members of the executivecommittee of the Kentucky Press Association for the past year, desire tcextend to our worthy retiring president, Gen. W. B. Haldeman, our mostsincere thanks for the many courtesies shown us during our several meetings this year in Louisville."Charles E. McCormick.The resolutions adopted upon thedeath of Charles Ellsworth McCormick, who for many years was publisher of the Bullitt Pioneer and amember of the Kentucky Press association, follows:"Whereas, Since the last summeimeeting of this association it haspleased an all-wise Providence to callfrom his earthly sphere of usefulnessCharles Ellsworth McCormick, foimany years publisher and editor olthe Bullitt Pioneer and an honoredand useful member of this association, therefore"Be it Resolved by the KentuckyPress association, That in the deathof Mr. McCormick, which occurred athis home in Bullitt last August, thisassociation has lost an honored, respected and useful member, whosedemise we sincerely regret and whoseabsence we deeply deplore."To his family and friends the sympathy of thisassociation is extendedand as a mark of respect to his memory these resolutions are ordered tobe spread upon the minutes of thismeeting and a copy thereof forwardedto his surviving wife and family" attheir home at Shepherdsville, Ky."At the quarterly meeting of theEighth District Publishers' league thefollowing officers were elected: Michael O'Sullivan, Shelbyville, president; Jesse Anderson, Lawyenceburgvice president, and D. M. Sutton, Harrisburg, secretary and treasurer.Gen. Haldeman's Remarks.Gen. W. B. Haldeman, who was onthe program for an address as president, said that he did not believe ictaking up the members' time by along speech. Instead, he made a shorttalk, in which he discussed variouspoints of newspaper work. He soughtto impress upon the minds of themembers that in his belief a papeicould attain better results throughsaying a kind word than by "knocking." Olympia Springs in Favor.Through Col. Loving W. Gaines, olTrenton, the management of Olympiai Springs invited the association tccome back next year or whenever thejfeel like it. Col. Gaines said that itwas necessary to invoke the aid olrhetoric or call upon the muses to singthe praises of beautiful OlympiacSprings." He said that he was surethat he voiced the sentiment of everymember when he said that he wasglad that they had come and happythat all could return.TAX SUITS ARE FILED.Elizabethtown, Ky. Attorney M. PRehorn, of Lexington, representing RJ. Mahoney, state revenue agent, hasfiled twenty-one tax suits in the countycourt against Hardin county propertyowners. The suits are for alleged unlisted property. A number of bachtax suits have been settled.HARDIN SCHOOL CENSUS.Elizabethtown, Ky. The Hardincounty school census, which has jus!been completed, shows 6,627 white and592 colored children between the agesof 6 and 18 years. The census shows adecrease of seven colored children andthirty white children, as comparedwith the census of 1911.REAL KENTUCKY HOSPITALITYFrankfort, Ky. The Kentucky delegation will leave for Baltimore June22 to attend the Democratic convention. In order to dispense Kentuckyhospitality in Maryland as it would bedispensed in Kentucky, John C. CMayo, national committeeman fromKentucky, has rented a residence inBaltimore, at which Gov. 'McCreary,Justus Goebel, Percy Haley, J. N.Camden: and Rufus Van Sant will beguests of Mr. Mayo during the contention.SEEK ASTOR WEALTHHeir to $100,000,000 ReceivesLetters From Many Persons. .Women Propose Marriage and, MRAsk Him to Become Partners InBusiness Cti.ars Make iiOdd Requests. .. ?New York. Vince-t Aster's lateifetrouble is a deluge Oi. letters fronttpersons anxious to advisa him as tofthe best manner of spending his ?100,000,000 inheritance. Many of the letters are from women, telling of their;great love and conveying offers of ma3riage.Old women and young women, brazen and demure, thin and fat ones,pretty and ugly, have taken their pensin hand, not without hope of gaiitSome have pretended to bespeak MivAstor's interest in behalf of causesother than purely personal ones, butmost of them have been frankly smitten in the desire to call the youngman's attention to certain persons thatlie otherwise might overlook.Some of the writers have waited infront of the Astor estate offices In.Twenty-sixth street for a glimpse oEthe boy. Most have mistaken titebandsome "Nick" Biddle for the ohject of their curiosity, much to Biddie's embarrassment. He is an executor of the Astor estate, is about thirty-fourand looks younger.And it isn't only through the medium of letters that women havpressed their suits. The telephone hasbeen kept pretty busy, both at the offices and at the Fifth avenue houseswith girlish voices whose owners wer.anxious to have opportunities to meetthe heir of millions. The reasons assigned were as many as the letterscontained. Some of the writers want the youngman to "do something worthy of his'name." There have been suggestionsthat he finance the suffragette cause.Others want him to use his fortune tobuy up breweries and distilleries and.put them out of business for the sakeof promoting the cause of prohibition.Comparatively few of the letters written by women are from inventors. This:lass of communications almost alwaysbore a man's signature.Things suggested for a worthy nsof the money ranged from patentbung-starters to methods of bridgingBehring straltv Included In the appeals are those of professional beggars. Churches, schools and libraries'divide honors as to the numbers pZtheir letters with propositions from,business houses that offer him Interests for ever so small a sum.Most of these letters, of course, need,no answer. Those from women onsubjects of the heart are entirely ig-nored. Many of the latter come accompanied by photographs. Two- ofthe fair correspondents sent as theirown postcard, pictures of Lillian Russell, from which they had forgotten toscratch the name.TO FORM FLAG ASSOCIATIONPatriots Will Erect Monument ' and"All Will Be Asked to Fight An- .archistlc Principles.Spokane, "Wash. The Grand Armyof the Republic, the Spanish War Veterans, American Flag association,Daughters of the American Revolution and other local members of patriotic organizations will organize a.flag association in Spokane in which,every national society will be a member. They also will fight anarchisticorganizations and teach all people andsocieties to respect the flag. A proposition to erect a big monument on thehigh bluff in Summer avenue betweenWashington and Bernard streets, to becalled "Flag Day" monument, is being considered.Downtown buildings will be decorated and every national society in thecity will be asked to take part of aparade and program. . 'COLUMBUS BORN IN SPAIN?Village Near Madrid Is Said to Be theAmerica Discoverer'sBirthplace.London. The Madrid correspondentof the Dailv Telecranh telesraohsr"According to a provincial newspaper,the Correo Gallego, which quotes theeminent Galician historian, Senor Garcia de la Riega, who has devoted manyyears to studying data relating to thebirthplace of the discoverer of America, it now appears that Columbus certainly was not born in Genoa, as "hasalways been affirmed."Riega says he possesses documentsproving that Columbus was born atPorto Santo, a small village near here."Riega is a person of considerableauthority and formerly was in thecolonial office."WEAPONS ARE FROM 1000 B. C.Austrian Explorers of Imperial Museum Make Rich Haul in KarstMountains. Vienna. An exploration by mem:bers of the Imperial museum into thecavern of St. Kanzion in the Karstmountains has yielded more than 1,000bronze implements such as swords,axes, lance heads and vessels supposed to date from 1000 B. C. Theywere all found at the bottom -of a pit150 feet deep 'within the cavern. Itis suggested they were thrown ithere as a sacrifice to a subterranatkdeity.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 21, 1912Sunday School Convention.The Bourbon County Sunday SchoolConvention will convene at the Methodist church this morning at 10 o'clock .Following is the program :10:00 Opening of Morning Session.10 :00 Devotional Services, Kev. J.S. Simms.10:15 Minutes of the last Convention, H. N. Rion, secretary.10:0 The Cradle Roll, Mrs. E. M..Lightfoot.10:30 Equipment and Organization,H. A. Power, (a) Elementry Division,D. Y. L. Farley; (d) Adult division,P. P. McCord: (c) "As is the Teacherso Will be the School. " or the Teacheras a Factor of the Sunday School.11:00 Round Table, State Worker.11 :30 Off ering, State Worker.11:40 Report of Sunday School Superintendents. 11 :55 Appointment of Committees.AFTERNOON SESSION.1:15 Song Service.1:20 Definite Decision for Chirst,Worker.2 :00 Missionary Plans, Rev. J. S.Sims.2 :15 Temperance and Purity, Rev.E. M. Lightfoot.2:30 Home Department, StateWorker.2:45 Measuring a Sunday School.State Worker.3 :30 Reports of Committees.3 :40 Installation of Officers, StateWorker.Conference of New Officers.RELIG0US.S Rev. E. M. Lightfoot will preachat the Baotist church next Sunday,morning on "An Appeal for a CleanChurch'' and at night "Our Or- .onSalvafion." Services begin at 10 .-in am. and 7:30 p. in. Sunday School andBaraca Class at 9:30. All are. invitedto these services.MATRIMONIAL.Refrigerators.Get the new Iceberg refrigeratorsold bytf A. F. WHEELER & CO.Harness Company Incorporated.The Bourbon Horse Goods Company,of Paris, filed articles of incorporationwith the Secretary of State, at Frankfort, this week.The new concern, which is composedof Messrs. J. W. Grinnan", W. Roy Collins and another well-known Paris citizen, the latter a silent member, hasbought the harness and repair businessof Grinnan & Collins, in the Ficklinbuilding, on Main street, opposite thecourt house.The new business will be greatly improved, several new lines of goodsadded, new fixtures will be installed,the building remodeled, and the store,made an up-to-date headquarters forfarmers and horsemen.Massie Lot Sale.Master Commissioner C. A. McMillan sold eleven building Jots and thehome place "Hideaway" at the cornerof Scott Avenue and Vine street, belonging to the estate of the late Mrs.JV. W. Massie yesterday morning.The home place was bought by Mr.W. C. Massie, for $75,000, and the entire offering broughtan aggregate of$12,070, the eleven lots selling for $4,570, an average of about $415. 50 J each.Six of the ots adjoining the homeplace were purchased by Mr. Massie.The sale was conducted by auctioneers M. F. Kenney and George D.Speakes.The sale resulted as follows: LotNo. 1 to W. C. Massie, $890; Lot No.2 to same S925 ; Lot No. 3, same, $350 ;LotJNo. 4, same, $400; Lot No. 5,same, $350 ; Lot No. 6, same, $320 ;Lot No. 7, Timothy Shannon, $300 ;Lot No. 8, Timothy Shannon, $240;Lot No. 9, Jake Elvove. $245 ; Lot No.10, E. B. Hedges, $205; Lot No. 11,Timothy Shannon, S345.Fined in Police Court.W. B. Wallirs. a white roan ofMillersburg, was fined $12.50 in PoliceCourt yesterday afternoon by JudgeE. B. January.Refrigerators; Lawn and PorchFurniture.See my immene stock of refrigerators ; every size and of best makes.My assortment cf lawn and porchfurniture is unequalled. A splendidline of rugs, carpets and wall paper toselect from. Call and look them over.Prices most reasonable.J. T. HINTON.All the News From the TwoConventions.R. S. Porter has secured the exclusive bulletins furnished by the EastTennessee Telephone Co., and is furnishing them at the old Baptist Churchbuilding, opposite J. T. Hinton's store.The first bulletins from the RepublicanConvention, which adjourned yesterday afternoon to 11 o'clock this morning, will be given shortly after the convention convenes, and will be continuous as long as the convention is in session. Purchase a ticket for twentyfive cents which will entitle you to theentire bulletin service until the finaladjournment of the convention.Mr. Porter will also furnish a complete account of the proceedings of theDemocratic National Convention,which meets in Baltimore next Tuesday. ' A New Pet.Mr. J. U.f Boardman, the well-knownliveryman of this citj, received by express Monday a two-months old graycoyote. The animal was sent to himby Dr. J. Ed Ray, from Sugar City,Col., anddhas proven quite a curiosity.The coyote is small and aside from itscolor greatly resembles a fox. Wnileit has only been in captivity a shorttime it is gentle and can be handledwith safety. Mr. Boardman has become greatly attached ot his new petand has set aside a large box stall inhis livery stable foi the animal, and hasput a fine Shepherd puppy with it tokeep it company.DEATHS.1-3 , ENGAGEMENT ANNOUNCED.g The engagement of Mi. HoustonRion and Miss Ethel Lair both of thiscity, was announced Tuesday. Theannouncement is one of interest owingto the prominence uf the two youngpeople.The bride-elect is one of the loveliest young ladies of Paris, posessingan amiable disposition and many charming traits of character. She is thedaughter of Mrs. Mollie Lair, a graduate of the Bourbon Female Collegeand is a favorite with a large circle offriends.The tn-be-groom is popular in business circles as well as" in church andChristian Endeavor work. He haslong.held a responsible position withthe Louisville & Nashville railroadcompany and is now employed as chiefclerk in the trainmaster's office.The marriage will be celebrated onJuly ninth, at the residence of thebrides mother on Fifteenth street. Immediately after the ceremony gthecouple willjeave on their honeymoontrip, which will includea visit to thegrooms' sister. Mrs. William McPherson, at Whitefish. Montana, and tohisbrother, Dr. Croxton Rion, at Seattle.PLEMONDS.A telegram received pesterday announced the death of Mr. GeorgePlemonds, formerly of this city whichoccurred in Cisco, Ga., on Wednesday, June 19. Mr. Plemonds left thiscity about two months ago for theSouth for the benefit of his health andhis death was due to a complicationof diseases. While here he was inthe employ of the Paris Gas & ElectricCo. He has been in ill health forabout five years. Besides his wife,who was before marriage, Miss OllieFredick, of this city, he is survived bytwo children, John aged 7 years andone daughter about 3 years of age.The funeral was held at Cisco, Ga.,yesterday.A BUT-miHorse ; HarnesscheapAnd You Are Liable to Get Into Trouble,as some have who erected a cheap oruntried construction.SILOS1898HereinKalamazooBUILT INShown Yousound as a bullet Have been filled every year sinceerected, and the Michigan Asylum is using 7 of the"KALAMAZ00S." Is time-tried material and experienceof any service to you? Come or writeKalamazool Sale Agent,TANK &SILO CO.MichiganA. S. Thompson, Agent, Paris, Ky.iCurtis HenryIGroceries, Dry Goods.Fresfi Meats, Etc.Best Meats in Paris.Country Produce Bought,CASH OR TRADEThe Sanitary and Pure Pood Store,No Fiies. All Vegetables KeptInside. No Street DisplayAll Goods the Best and GuaranteedPrompt Delivery to All Parts of City.CURTIS HENRY CO.Cor. 1 4th and MainNAPIER GUTT.The marriage of Miss Nora Mae Napier,of;this city, to Mr. Randolph J.Gutt, of Cincinnati, O.. was celebratedWednesday morning at 8:30 o'clock, atthe Church of the Annunciation, theRev. 'Father U'Dwyer officiating.The ceremony was said in the presence of a large number of friends andrelatives of the contracting paities.The only attendants were Miss BirdieN?pier, a sister of the bride and Mr.Edward Gutt, of Cincinnati, a brotherof the groom.Miss Nellie Schwartz resided at theorgan and rendered several beautifulselections vhi!e the guests arrive'!At the appointed time the bride'smaid and the best man entered andwere followed by the bride and groom.At the altar they were met by FatherU'Dwyer, who said the ceremony,which was immediately followed bythe nuDtial mass.The bride'smaid wore a handsomegown of white and carried a bouquetof pink flowers. The bride was handsome in a white suit with shoes andhat to match and carried a bouquet ofwhite rosesThe bride, who is the daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Jesse Napier, of this city,is a beautiful and attractive youngwoman. She is very popular with alarge circle of friends. Mr. Gutt isa popular young business man of Cincinnati. After the ceremony the bridalcouple and a number of their intimate friends and relatives were givenan elaborate dinner at the home of thebride's parents on North Main street.Those present wereJMrs. Joe Everett,Cincinnati ; Mr. and Mrs. William Baimand son, Louis, Cincinnati ; Mrs. NanMonahan, Cincinnati, Miss Mae Macke.v, Maysville, Miss Tommy Nichols,Lexington, Miss Julia Mulcahay, Lexington, Mrs. James George, Carlisle,Miss Rosina Elder and Rev. FatherO'Dwyer.Mr. and Mrs. Gutt left Wednesdaynight for an extended trip in the Eastwhen they will return to Cincinnatiwhere they will make their futurehome.The Journal of Day ton, O., ofJune 6 says: "The Linham streethome of Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Morganwas the scene of a quiet wedding Tuesday, June 4, when Miss Mary Moorebecame the bride of Francis L. Morgan. The hour set for the ceremonywas 7:45 p. m. and the guests assembled just previous to that time."The bride wore a gown of whitesatin fashioned with white lace, thebridal bouquet was of white carnations."The bridesmaid, Miss Sylvia Musselman, wore a gown of blue silk withover lace."Mr. Harry Rinehart, friend of thegroom, attended as best man. Thebride was a pretty Kentucky girl,daughter of Mrs. M. A. Moore, ofParis, Kentucky, where her manyfriends will be interested as well asDayton friends."Wednesday evening, June 5th, atthe home of Mrs. Ora Christman, sister of the groom, a handsomelv decorated supper was given in honor ofthe bride and groom. The hanpycouple will return to their home waiti g for them on Coats Avenue, in thiscity."Laughlin Will Treat Your Hogs.Mr.'B. F. Laughlin, manufacturer ofLaughln's Hpg and Chicken Remedycan be found at all times at Butler'sdrug store, opposite the court house,Paris. Kv.. He will treat your hoc'18-4tSounds Good.Watermelons 'and cantelnunes onice. Cherries, berries and fresh vegetables for Sunday dinner.C. P. COOK & CO.On Ice.Watermelons on ice, 10 cents perslice. Red as blood and as sweet ashoney.21-2t JAS. E. CRAVEN.Mt. Sterling Gets Franchise.At a meeting of President WilliamNeal and representtaives of the clubsof the BJue Grass League at the officesof the Lexington Baseball Club Wednesday afternoon a representative ofMt. Sterling business men bought thefranchise of the Nicholasville cluh.and games at Mt. Sterling will beginnext Wednesday, June 26.Squire Turner will be the presidentof the Mt. Sterling club. A "substantial fund has been raised by the busineess men of Mt. Sterling to start theclub on its season and the league isnow declared to be in better financialcodnition than it ever has been before.The ball park in Mt. Sterling will bein the Fair Grounds and is locatedclose to the center of the town, withconcrete sidewalks and other conveniences. e i .WILL AMI PARIS,Queen City Boosters Here onApril 26 Will Come Again onNext Tuesday.Advices received frcm Cincinnati areto the effect that all arrangements arecompleted for the trip to Paris by theparty of one hundred members or" theCincinnati Commercial Association onnext Tuesday, June 25th.It will be remembered tnat the rainstorm on April 26th interfered withthe Drogram which had been arrangedin this city for the reception of theCincinnati Boosters, who were returning frjom'a fivefday trip through Tennessee and Kentucky. On account ofthis fact the Commercial Associationof Cincinnati has arranged to make aone day trade trip to four of the townsin Kentucky, being: Falmouth. Cyn;hiana, Winchester and Paris.The special tram will arrive inParis at 2:45 p. m. and will remain until 4:15 p. m. A musical program willbe furnished by John C. Weber and hisfamous band. The party will travel ina special train including a baggage carin which the commissary deDartmentwill be located, and three coaches.The train will leave the Grand Centraldepot in Cincinnati at 7 :25 a. m. andis scheduled to return at 6 :55 p. m.That the Cincinnati business men areanxious to meet the business men ofParis is clearly shown by their interestin returning at this date, following thedisappointment trip some two monthsago." Had the rain on April 26 not interfered with the plans, there wouldno doubt have been a large representation of the business men at the depotto welcome the visitors.Now that they have decided to makethe return trip it is up to the Parispeople to extend them a hearty welcome which was planned for the boosters before. It has been suggested thata delegation of business men go toCvnthiana to meet the Queen Cityboosters and return to this city withthem.It would be well for every businessman in the city who can arrange to doso make the trip or be at the depotwhen the delegation arrivas in Parisnext Tuesday afterioon. The Commercal Club will take hold of the matterand push it with an energy that willresult in one of the most hospitable welcomes ever accorded a visiting crowdof business men.A letter to the News from genial EdNinpert, who is a member of the Cincinnati Boosters Club, says: "We 'arecoming Tuesday ten thousand strong,come down to Cynthiana with Committee to met us." The club will travelon aspecial and only make four stops.Falmouth, Cynthiana, Paris and Winchester. Weber's band will accompanythem. Mr. Nippert is tepresenting theUnion Grain & Hay Co., holding avery responsible position and is conbidered one of the best in his line inCincinnati.The Real Thing.Old timehome-made Martha Washington candy, as good as pure butterand sugar, rich cream can make themonly 50 cents per pound absolutelyfresh none as good We are soleagents for Paris.18-4t CHAS. E. BUTLER & CO.N Opp. Court House, Paris, K.v.Valuable Advice.One farmer reports loss of 5400 byhog choiera. Use Laughlin's HogRemedy and you won't lose a hog .For sale only bv,CHAS. E. BUTLER & CO.,lS-4t Opp. Court House, Pais, Ky.The Surest and Quickest.Donc let flies bother your cows orhorses. Get "Cow-Ease" at Butler'sdrug store, opposite the court house."Warranted the best, the surest andthe quickest. 1-t.The Harbeson Concert.A large and representative audiencefilled the Methodist church Tuesdayevening to hear the muQical favorites,Miss Mary Dan Harbeson and herbrother, Mr. Robert Harbeson; andthe hold which they already had uponthe hearts of the Paris people wasstrengthened by the faultless mannerin which they rendered their pleasingprogram.The burst of applause that greetedthem upon their appearance was atestimonial uf the esteem in whichthey were already regarded, and of thepleasure experienced at their return.The singers were at their very bestupon thia occasion, and it would bedifficult to say whether they were mostenjoyed as soloists or in the duets inwhich their beautifully modulatedvoices so harmoniously blended.Miss Harbeson, who is so strikinglyhandsome, and possesses a graciouspersonality, was never more gracious,and never appeared to a better advantage. She was charming in all herselections, but it was in "April Morn"that her glorious ; voice was heard inthe perfection of its wonderful powerand beauty.' She is so unaffected, so easy andgraceful in her manner, and her voiceand articulation so full of expression,that it would be difficult to find a singer who so completely satisfies andfascinates an audience. She is trulythe "queen of song," and the musicalidol of the Paris people.Mr. Harbe?on's rich, clear baritonevoice, distinct enunciation, and power of expression, have easily made hima great favorite here; and the sympathy and devotion which so manifestlyexist between him and his sister addmuch to the attractiveness of theirentertainments.No evening of song, however, wouldbe a success without an accompanistwho thoroughly understands the instrumental part of the performance, andMiss Frances Johnaon is certainly anartist in that capacitv. The skill, easeand expression with which she accompanied the singers on this occasioninspired them with confidence; and herplaying upon the sweet-toned Webercontributed a great deal to the pleasure of the entertainment.A. W. Cottingham tThe Up-town Grocer, Who ReachesAll Parts of Town.FOR TO-DAY AND SATURDAYWe Will Have Some Special Bargainsand a Large Variety of Everything in theGrocery and Meat Line to Select From.Home-Grown Potatoes, per bushel $2.0016-lbs. Granulated Sugar 1.00Smoked Bacon, per lb 1 6cFresh Vegetables of All KindsOrder Your Cherries EarlyAll Grades of Paris FlourThe Lexington Maid FlourOur Fresh Meats Always the BestCall and See Us Your Credit for 30 DaysConsidered Cash.Highest Market Price Paid For Country Produce.Prompt Delivery Both 'Phones 7"W. OottingliamThe Up-Town Grocer! Special Sale !On AllILfALL PJ3PERIn Our Store ForBis Week Only!Some Rare BARGAINS Offered.Paper Hangers Furnished.; Naiionai 5c anil lOc Sloie.PARISGREENv i?SHERWIH-WILL1AMSiPARIS GREENIs strictly pure made and kept athighest standard.Is sure death to bugs kills everytime.Is the most satisfactory Paris Greensold today.Is uniform in strength and qualityprotects the crops always.Get it at our storeAlso Arsenate of Lead, Bordeaux Mixture and LimeSulphur Spraying Materials.A. DAUGHERTY.h is is mJrade MoryZy"v " r'Whisky$2oo per GALLOHJOHN JOHNSONONE BLOCK WEST' 1.&N DEPOTPARIsS, IENTU C KYTHE BOlURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY,- JUNE 21, 1912.O'JKBOrNEWS.-itALWAYS HAS THE BeOF EVERYTHINGCn:.i v i c m r!j iupcoicu rcaiure lur news neauBers.The attention of the readers of theNews is directed to page three of ,this issue. The news matter on this ipage is made up of the happenings in 'mis estate, cogecner with that ot allthe important news features from various parts of the United States andforeign countries. This feature is udto the minute in every detail and isfurnished through a snecial arrangement with the Western NewspaperUnion of Cincininati.A Winner.Our $20 blue serge is a winner.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Examination For Teachers.An examination of white teacherswill be heid. today and tomorrow forcomty a d State certificates, at theoffice of Miss Robbins, county superintendent. Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas Woodford & Co.Lamb Shipments.Caywood & McClintock shipped yesterday to jsiew York two douule-deckcars of lambs. W. H. Whaley andBooth & Thomason also shirped thesame amount to the Eastern market.Th6 price of 7 cents per pound waspaid for the entire shipment.Melons.Fine cantelopes and water melonsjust received. Phone in your order.21-2t SAUER.Boots, Oxfords and Pumps.Plenty of white Newbuck boots forladies, also oxfords and pumps, nowon sale at Felds' Shoe Store. tfWill Teach in Georgetown.Miss Nell Whaley, daughter otMr. H.C. Whaley. of this city, has beenelected to position as teachef in theGeorgetown City School by the Education board of that city. She graduatedJrom Transylvania University in 1906with the A. B. degree. Miss Whaley iswell known and popular in this city,and the people of Georgetown are tobe congratulated jpon her selection asa member of the faculty of the publicinstitution.Special for Saturday.White skirts, 1.25 value for 59cents, for Saturday only.SIMON DEPT. STORE.Will Give Satisfaction.The Davis Fifteen is guarantee,d togive satisfaction.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Narrow Escape.Owen Gibson, a rural mail carrier,had a narrow escape from death at theLouisville & Nashville crossing on thePeacock pike, about one mile fromParis. Mr. Gibson was driving arosethe track when he observed a southbound work train not more than fiftyfeet away, coming toward him at avery rapid rate of speed. Stopping hishorse he backed thev ehicle off thetrack just as the train cleared thecrossing. In backing the horse the vehicle was overturned and Gibson wasthrown out, but luckilyLescaped injury.See the Window.See in our window what you can buyin suits for $15.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Negro Wanted in Scott County.James Grimes., in jail here servinga sentence is wanted at Georgetownwhere he is under indictment in theScott Circuit Court for assault andbatter v. Grimes was arrested byPatrolman Fred Link last Fridaynight at the old Midland depot inthis city. His description comparedclosely with that sent out by theGeorgetown po ice and theofficials ofthrt county were notified that a mananswering" the description was heldin custody here. Later the localauthorities were notified to hold theman and they are expected here todav to return him to Georgetown.Yesierday afternoon Deputy SheriffM. Fleminir, of Georgetown, came toParis and returned to that city withGrimes, who, he said, had been a fugitiv for more than a year. Grimes iswanted for assaulting a woman atStamDing Ground. Scott county.Saturday Special.For Saturday only one hundred gingham house dresses, $1.50 value at 98cents.SIMON DEPT .STORE..Something Good.We have built upfa reputation on ourham and egg tsndwiches. ' Come inand try one they are the real thing.21-2t J AS. E. CRAVUN.Withdraws from Theatrical FirmMr. R. S. Porter, this week severedl)is conenction with the firm of Shea,Porter & Co.," lessees of the GrandOpera House in this city, and managers of the Comet theatre. Mr. Porteris one of the best posted theatrical menin the country, being intimately acquainted with a majority of the leading men in the profession, and has for- a number of yeare been engaged in thetheatrical business in this city. Recently Mr. Porter has been identifiedith the local firm as manager of thetwo amusement establishments andhas through his untiring efforts madea success of tbe business. "Mr. Porterhae; rok decided what business hewill engage in. ' -PERSONAL MENTION.Mrs. John Fiannagan is visitingin Huntington, W. Va. IMrs. Max Munich and children are!visiting relatives in Centralia, 111. jMrs. G. F. Olsen and children, of !Georgetown, are visiting Dr. Clara IMathews.Miss Mae Mackey, of Maysville,is the guest of Miss Rosina Elder inthis city.Mrs. G. F. Tatum, of Humbolt,Tenn., is the guest of Mr. and Mrs. J.V. Brown. .Mrs. Danniel Drennan of Masoncounty, is vistiing her mbtner. Mrs.Anna Thornton.Mrs. Mary Tarr left yesterday forMudlavia Springs. Ind., to be absentfor several weeks.Mrs. Louise Brannin and son, Parrish, of Cincinnati, are visiting Mr.and Mrs. D. C. Parrish.Messrs. Thomas Pritchard andRorigers Moore entertained with adance at Elk's Hall last night.Miss Kate Ingels has returned ,toher hums in Lexington atter a visittoMiss Mary Ranson, in this city.Mr. William White, who has beenill at his home on South Main streetfor several weeks is improving. IMrs. Withers Davis has returnedfrom a visit to her parents, Mr. andMr. E. S. Jonett in Winchester.Miss Virginia Jouett, of Winchester, is the guest of her sister. Mrs.Withers Davis, on Pleasant street.Mrs. Curtis Henry has returnedfrom a visit to her parents, Mr. andMts. H. D. Burnaugh, in Carlisle.Kev. J. L. Clark, President of theKentucky Wesleyan College, Winchestar, was a visitor in Paris yesterday.Mr. and Mrs Earl Swango, of Jackson, Ky., are visiting Mrs. Swango'ssister Mrs. Esther Stone, on Fourthstreet.Mrs. Gann gHildreth entertainedyesterday with a handsome luncheonat her country home on the Winchester pike.Mr. and Mrs.Thomas McDonald leftWednesday for Louisville, wheie theformer is attending the Association ofTrain Dispatchers of America.MissElizabeth Steele entertainedthe members of her bridge club Tuesday aftemon. After the games delightful refreshments were served.Mr. and Mrs.JPowell Bosworth andlittle daughter returned Tuesday totheir home in Middlsboro, after a visitto Mrs. W. B. Griffith, in this county.Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Thompson werevisitors in Cincinnati Tuesday andWednsda.v. They visited several automobile houses with a view of Durchasing a machine. They have about decided on a handsome Packard touringcar.Miss Anna Thornton left Wednesday for Huntington, W. Va., to attendthe marriage of her friend, Miss Katherine Sterling, to Mr. John Marshall,.which was solemnized Thursday evening. Miss Thornton will be absentabout a week.Mrs. M. J. Murphy and daughters,Misses Mary and Katherine Murphywill leave Saturday for Massalion 0.,for a visit to Mrs. Edward Wright.From there they will leave for a twoweeks trio to Columbus. Buffalo, Niagara Falls and Atlantic City.MissesMargaret t nd Mary Lenihan,Jennie and Elizabeth Miller. RachelMansfild, Messrs. Robert and A. P.Adair, Jr., Henry Santen, Jr., Mr.and Mrs. H. H. Hancock, MissesFrtnces and Edith Hancock, Mrs.James E. Craven and Mrs. A.W." Cottingham composed a partythat left Wednesday morning for Mammoth Cave.Mayor Hinton who is a State Delegate to the National Democratic Convention at Baltimore is in receipt ofthe following invitation:The Mayor of Baltimoreand Mrs. Prestonrequests the honor ofMr. J. T. Hinton' scompany on Thursday evening, Junetwenty-fifthfrom eight until eleven o'clock.Charles and Read Streets.Mrs. Bailey Berry, of Lexington,gave a delightful reception yesterdayafternoon in honor of her neice, Mrs.Henry Craig, of Georgetown. Thosewho attended from Paris were Mrs.J. W. Davis. Mrs. John Davis, Mrs.Withers Davis and Miss Anna MaDavis. Mrs. II erry also gave an elaborate course dinner last evening to themen folks of the family. Messrs. J.WDavis, Withers'Davis, John Davis,and Josenh Davis of this city, attended.Mrs. Fannie Belle Sutherland willentertain with a Five Hundred partythis afternoon in honor of her guest,Miss Mae Adams Lincoln, of Louisville.The invited guests are as follows:Misses Mae Adams Lincoln, AnnieEmbry, Elizabeth Yerkes. ElenorClav, Frances Clay, Mary MitchellClay, Marie Talbott, Nell Crutcher,Virginia Young, Edna Keller, MaryAllen Hutchcraft, Edith Shive, Margaret Shive, Alice Rogers Clay, EliseVarden, Frances Champ. MargaretFerguson Catherine Marsh. MaryAdams Talbott. riattie xini u rseai,Catherine Wilson, Anna Wilpon, Mar-inn Alexander. Elizabeth CJay Alexander, Elizabeth Renich, ElizabethBrown. Elizabeth Tarr, uanme nancock. Edith Hancock.Rainy Weather Prevents Games. ;Rainy weatnea prevented! thegames -scheduled with the Orphanshere Tuesday and Wednesday. Yesterday aftrnoon the locals met a doubledefeat at the hands of the Pioneers,the first game resulting 7 to 6, andthe last 9 to 0. The Bourbonites willreturn home'this morning for a gamewith the Orphans, and tomorrow theLawmakers will be the attraction atWhite Park. The Orphans will maketheir first apDearance here todayunder the Mt. Sterling standerd, andwill doubtless prove an interestingoononent fov the local aggregationThe game will. be, called, at 3:15o'clock. ' '"' " "Grand Jury Adjourns Alter ShortSession.The grand jury sitting at the Juneterm of the Bourbon Circuit court adjourned Wednesday afternoon afterone of the shortest sessions in thehistory of the court and returned thesmallest number of indictments of anyof the grand juries of this county mthe past fifteen years.The jury after being in sessionsince Monday returned nine indictments. In three cases brought beforethe body they dismissed them withoutmaking any investigation. Benchwarrants for those against whom indictments were returned, have beenissued and are in the hands of thesheriff.In the written report read to thecourt the ury stateJ that it hadmade a visit to the county institutionsand found each of them to be in excellent condition and the affairs beingconducted in a manner that reflectedgreat credit upon the officers who hadthem in charge.There has been little businesstransacted in court. The case of theEast Tennessee Telephone Co.,against the Paris Gas & Electric Co.,an action to compel the defendantcompany to remove the electricwires from the poles of the telephonecompany was finally submitted following the arguments but JudgeStout has not passed upon it.Two cases are assigned for trial today, that of John Snyder vs. TheL. & N. R. R. and H. E. Barnesagainst the Kentucky Traction &Terminal Co. Both suits for damagealleged to have been sustained by theplaintiffs through the negligence ofthe defendant companies or their employes. THE FAIR!For Friday OnlyFloor Oil Cloth, 1 1-2 yardswide, a running yard 37c.Enamelled Steel Wash Basins,strictly first quality, 13 inchesacross the top, each 10c.Insect Powder, a can 10c.Patent Hangers 5c.Milk Pails, good value, each25c.Hatchet and Hammer Handles,each 3c.5-gallon Wood Churns, with 4strong hoops, complete 98c.Nickel Plated Tea Pots, 2 cupsize, 10c.Pixie Plants, grow in 43 hours,collapsible cup for the little onesincluded, all for 5c.THE FAIR.For Sale.House'and lot in Ruckerville. Forterms apply to21-3t J. SHERMAN AYEKS.For Rent.Desirable flat to renb on secondfloor, over C. P. Cook's grocery, onMain street, between Seventh andEighth ; bathroom and other conveniences. Possession at once. Apply toJ. T. HINTON,18-tf Both phones 36.Roxie" Davis !Cbc Insurance HgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, . Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137rManyYears'ExperienceIWith a reputation based upontwenty-five years of successfulbanking experience theThe Bourbon Bank andTrust Co.Paris, Kentucky,i Ilias amemieu. its uwi lci us lube able to act as Executor or Administrator of Estates as Guardianor Trustee and any other fiduciarycapacity.With ample capital and surplusand long experience, its TrustDepartment is eminently qualifiedto render efficient service.Bourbon Bank Trust Co.,Paris, Ky.Capital and Surplus $146,000.003 per cent, paid on Time DepositsiJTakes Position Here.Miss Madeline Huddleston, daughterof Mrs. M. Huddleston of this city,who for several months has been employed in Lexington has resigned herposition as stenographer in that, cityto accept a position in the office ofMr. J. J. Lynch, district superintendent of the Metropolitan Life InsuranceCompany. Miss Huddleston assumedher new p isition Monday succeedingMiss Gertrude Harris, resigned.NOTICE. All persons having anyaccount or claim against the ParisElectric Light Company, Incorporated,are requested, to present the same atonce as this company will discontinueits corporate existence on July. 12th,1312.JULAN R. HOWE,14-4t Secretary.Enjoy a UictorOr a Uictrolathis summer. Wehave a full supply of the latestmodels. Victors$10 up-Victrolas$15to$200. Allthe late records.Easy terms if desired. $ 1 5.00 VICTROLA,U IlitAlUllfilWlkPPI gMoJ IHtj mil1BROSISpeciLadies' 2oc Gauze Lisle Hosiery loc 5Ladies' 50c Pure Silk Hosiery 3.9cTil Ladies' 75c Pure Silk Hosiery ; ... .50c . WMisses' 75c Pure Silk Hosiery .... 50cLadies' 25c Ribbed Lisle Vests 15c 2Ladies' 50c Ribbed Lisle Vests 35c15c Stickeri or ScallopedjEdges n 10cess? .10c Handkerchiefs ; . .5c65c and 75c Neckwear . 49c50c Shears and Scissors 25c sUp-to-Date Novelties Arriving Daily. " .EdAgent Butterick PatternsALWAYS THE NU.rFee's SpecialWhatFlavor.That'slwhaljempted(thCfulllrichlflavorloCOFFEES AND TEASFee's Grocery Co.J. T. HINTONYard Swings$4.00Porch Swings88.75, and upWith Chains and Hangers.J. T. HintonsalsTucker!JTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 2 1912.CONFIRMED PROOF,Residents of Paris Cannot DoubtWhat Has Been Twice Proved.In gratitude for rehet from achesand pains of bad backs from distressing kidney ills thousands have publicly recommended Doan's Kidney Pills.Residents of Paris who so testifiedyears ago, now say the results wen'permanent. This testimony doublyproves the worth of Doan's KidneyPills to Paris sufferers.Mrs. J. T. Martin, Pleasant andEleventh streets, Paris, Ky., says:"All I have ever said praising Doan'?Kidney Pills was entirely correct, andI confirm my former public endorsement of this remedy. It permanentlycured me of kidney trouble. I sufferedquite severely from pains across thesmall of my back and in my kidnevs.The trouble alarmed me and I triedmanymedicines. I did not get relief,howver, until I procured Doan's Kidney Pills at Wilson's drug store. Theyimproved my condition in every way,and I can certainly say that they are apreparation of merit."For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo,New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the name Doan's andtake no other.Kentucky Educational Association.The Kentucky Educational Association has existed forty-one years withaboutjeight hundredas its higest membership record. This year the members have set the slogan at 2,500, andhave almost reached it. Duringlthesenext few days before the meeting tneywill endeavor to reach several thousand. Louisville is preparing to give thegrandest floral parade in honor of themeeting ever witnessed in America.This parade will be on Tuesday afternoon. June 25th, and will be five mileslong.A great meeting of school trusteeswill be held'on Tuesday afternoon, atwhich Judge Henry S. Barker, of StateUniversity, will address the schooltrustees. A'number of trustees willmake addresses. Five hundred trustees are expectced to be present.President David Starr Jordan, of California, Dr. Nowell D wight Hillis, fofBrooklyn, President Charles E.Thwing,ofJCleveland, and Dr. P. P.Claxton, of Washington, are Nationalspeakers, and it is seldom that a Statemeeting can secure them.Each congressional district will haveheadquarters at some hotel, and theconvention hall of the Association willbe divided off into sections for eachdelegation to sit. with banners abovethem showing which district has a gooddelegation.j Or What Have You?Have you a pig or hens that you'dlike to exchange for subscription tothis paper? If so, bring them in.Murfreesboro (Ark.) Messenger.Dorothy and the Spider.Dorothy (after watching a spidercapture a fly in its web) Oh, mamma, come quick! A spider is puttinga fly to sleep in its hammock! Judge.kDR. DOLLE'SMESSAGE TOMENYOU CAN BE CUREDDR. 0. L. DOLLE. s,' Why Tate Treatment That Is Doing Ton3Co Good, When a Few Days under the caref Dr. Dolle Will Show You How Easy ItIs to Cure These Diseases When the ProperTreatment Is Administered.Have you treated for months and years, andTjeen disappointed until you think that you cannot be cured ? You, no doubt, all this time havebeen treated by inexperienced doctors who hadneither sufficient knowledge nor experience to.know how to cnn you.These are the "diseases of which I havecured so many, justly jriving; mo the reputation for cures of which I am so proud., Blood Diseases, Skin DiseasesI will give you treatment that will in a fewdays cure all rash, spots and every sign andsymptom. My treatment pets the poison out ofthe system instead of driving it in like ordinary"treatments. I cure blood diseases and skin disease so they cannot come back.Varicocele, causing aching or pain ingroin or back, Uervousness, "Weakness,loss of Vitality, Lack of Ambition3Iy one-tref.tmeat cure is what you shouldhave and whut you will have to have" to be cured.right. Only one visit is required. I do no cutting and you suffer no pain nor trouble. Allsigns disappear in a few days.j Nervous Troubles, Lost VitalityMy combined treatment for thee troubles focommonjamong those who have become weak cudwornout, who have caused it bv follv, dissipationand excesses, is remarkably good. '6 one believesbow quickly it benefits until thev have taken it.It overcomes weakness, nervousness, pnin inback, lack of energy, ambition and strength it'sjust the treatment I have found so effective intreating such diseases.I Kidney and Bladder Troublesare scientifically cured by me. Mv methods immediately benefit you, and the msljoritv of casesI cure come from physicians and specialists whofailed.PlffQ Pfcf" lllflf I can cure you soJ-IIC2, I lLUldC quickly and easilythat you will be surprised. I will give you justthe result and cure you are looking for withoutft surgical operation.'Acute Diseasesdrsninrlremedies seldom cure. My treatment stops everysymptom-and cures in a few days. It is scientificthat's the only sure way to be cured so it willsot come back.Ioh can take my Treatment 'without aeeat and pay me after I cure you. I knowthat I can give you new life, new hope, and canrestore you back to health and happiness. Iknow that every man will pay after I have elim-ia&ted every trace of disease from his system.Microscopical and analytical urinalysis FREE.J have writeen a book that ought to be in theJuuidc of every suffering man in this country. Irill swdyou a copy, free, if you will write me atoace the disease for which you desire treatement,Kosre 8 to 4 : Snndays, 9 to 1 p. m. Evenings,7 te 8. on Monday, Wednesday and Saturday nightsC L. DOLLE, M. D.Orc ColmaWa Theater SiSTPalnut St, betweenI a Fiftk and Sixth Streets.-J? Z,Xy &n; "IS11 that Is necessary is tofor Columbia Theater, and any one canBYI Air Cured Seed NonComDUstiblej The stripping of the bluegrass seed' and getting it into sacks is by noj means the end of what is known as the' harvesting of the crop, thoueK ofI course, it is by far the most i'in. .. cantj part of the process, for bef.e theseed is stripped, many things mav happen to prevent its gathering a rainyspdl about harvesting time, forinstance, may prevent the gathering ofthe seed'or the growth of weed in thepastures may make the gathering impossible. But after the eed is all; stripped it must be "cured" or dried,and the manner of doing this is one ofthe most interesting features of theJ bluegrass harvest. When first gathered, the seed is more or less green and, sappy, and in the curing or drying, process it loses from 25 to 40 per cent.! of its weight according to its condition; of ripeness at the time of gathering,and the amount of weeds and grassmixed with it. Dealers pay about 35, to 45 per cent, more for the cured seedj than for seed delivered directly fromi the stripper.Untifabout fifteen years ago it wasJ thought the seed had to be protectedi from the weather in curing it. and it' was put into large barns and stirredi and turned with pitchfork daily for! some two weeks until thoroughly dried,j as tne sappy seed, if not stirred, will'get so ho.t as to kill the germ and will(produce spontaneous combustion.I Some fifteen years ago, however, R.j B.Hutchcraft, of this city, in curing alot of seed near Centerville. this countv, apd not having barn room for it.tried the expreimen of curing a smallquantity outside. The experimentsucceded so well that Ford Brent, alsoj of this city, the following year cured alarge quantity of seed in the openfields, and since that time all personswho handle bluegrass seed in largequantities cure it in the open air, as itis claimed that it cures better andmore quickly than under cover.A sloping ground is usually selected,so that the water will drain off, and itis prepared by simply mowing thegrass, after which it is ready for theseed, which is piled in long windrowsabout two and a half feet high andextending in parallel lines up anddown the hillside.A force of hands is put to work andthese windrows are turned over withforks daily and shaken apart, so thatthe air gets to all the seed. This pro-1cess is kept up until the seed is dry ienough to sack without fear of heating, Iwhich usually lakes about ten days,more or less, according to the .weather.It is a singular fact that, fluffy andloose as the seed appears in thesewindrows, the heaviest rains will notpenetrate it more than one inch orless, but runs off as it does from aroof, and a few minutes of sunshineafter a hard rain will leave the seed asdry as before the rain.It is thisjfact that makes the curingof the seed outisde possible, -and nonewho handles bluegrass seed largelyver thinks now of curing it undercover.When sufficiently dry the seed istaken up and sacked and is ready forstorage in warehouses until the timecomes to clean it, or to separate theseed from the hull just as the cleanedwheat is separated from its hull orchaff by running it through a thresher.The machinery used in cleaning bluegrass seed is expensive, the more sobecause"so few machines are needed tohandle the seed output, ihere beingonly about seven cleaning plants in thebluergass, three of which are locatd inParis, one in Mt. Sterling one in Winchester one in Georgetown and possiblyone in Lexington.These plants prepare for market theentire bluegrass output most tof theseed in fact being produced in a fewcounties in Central Kentucky knownas "The Bluegrass Section." It is oneof the most valuable crops of this richand highly favored section since whenthe fields are once set in grass it reproduces itself annually withouttoil or,expense to the larmer and to theconstant enriching of the'soil.One Bourbon county farmer sold thisyear to seed speculators the right togather seed from eighteen hundredacres of land for S10t250.The enormous yield of the presentseason is unprecedented, and has attracted the attention of all the peopleof Kentucky to this industry.It is now well known that not morethan one case of rheumatism requiresany internal treatment whatever. Allthati s needed is a free application ofChamberlain's Liniment and massapceing the parts at each apnlication. Tryit and see how quickly it will relievethe pain and soreness. Sold by alldealers.Insure with W. O. fiinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. fcfPrevent DistressAfter Eating.Two or three Digestit tablets aftereating will prevent or quickly relievehat full, uncomfortble feeling try it.If it fails your money will be refunded. Brown's Digestit is a certin quickrelief and permanent remedy for allstomach upsets relieves indigestioninstantly. Little tablets easv toswailow, aubsolutely Harmless 50c.Ask at G. S. Varden & Son's.Drink SPARKLINGREG. U-SHealthful and RefreshingK At all Founts ancfcOLf in Bottles. OCBottled ByPARIS BOTTLING COif torch and law mtmu - jl IjJI -1 1 SolidjjA. F.Main Street,Notice.Notice is hereby given all personshaving claims against the estate ofWilliam Marshall, deceased, to pleasefile same according to law afc my office at room No. 4 Elks' building and Jall persons indebted to the estate ofthe above mentioned decedent willplease call and settle said debts.THOMAS HURLEY, Adm'r.P. A. THOMPSON, Atty.31-3wk.CHAUTAUQUALAKEis best reached by theSeason Tk?t?-:3 on. DailySummer Excursion Ticketson sale to New York City and all Eastern resorts.mitted on first-class one-way and round-trip tickets. 'Inquire cf local ticket cgenL or writeJ. H. Webster, Gen'l Agent PassengerDept. 416 Walnut St. Cincinnati, O., for'further information.Paris, Ky., toCincinnati, O.,And Return.SUNDAY, JUNE 23, 1912Fare $1.50 And Return.Excursion Train leaves 7thStreet Station Returning to Parisat 7 p. m.Tickets good only day of sale.For furtliei4 information, call on orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.A gold bracelet, between Tucker'sstore on Main street and Eight streetto High. Finder return to undersigned ana get reward.MISS'MA'RTHA MYNES,1022 High St,Oak Porch Mission Swing $240See our line of OLD HICKORY CHAIRS for your Porch. AlsoMission and Green WillowJGoods, all will be marked' down inplain figures in our large'show window.Refrigerators!We have a few of the New Iceberg Refrigerators left, so we will include these in ourSummer Sale at very low prices. Yours forbargains while they last.Wheeler Furniture Company,Paris, Ky.Professional CardsJJ. WIIitiTAMS,ATTORNE Y-AT-L AW .Room 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Oftlce Phones ?opResidenceE. T. 334.Home 334.DR. A. H KELIiEB,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyPrepare your horses forspring by having them clipped now. We are preparedto do clipping in a sales factory manner and at salesfactory prices. Call on us.Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Eighth Street Both Phones.ONER0PCf B3U33GV POULTRY' CUREdona chirk's throat curestapes. A fov, drops in tiieringing water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Diseases of Fowls" Sent FREE.Bourbon Remedy Co. Lexisgtw, lyW.TVBrooks, Druggistm mt4'OppositeFor Sale.Two Dure blood Duroc boars readyfor service. E. T. Phone 726.S. G. CLAY,4-3tParis, Ky.Be Happy!Happy the girl, or woman, who has never suffered fromany of the diseases of womanhood! Or, if she has been asufferer, happy is she if she has learned of the wonderfulbenefits of Cardui, the woman's tonic!Cardui is a gentle, tonic remedy, for women's ailments.It is a natural medicine safe, harmless, purely vegetable.It has been in successful use for more than 50 years. Ithas cured thousands. It should do the same for you.Oar dIj iMrs. Mary Neely, of Denver, Tenn., says, "I thinkthere is no tonic on earth, as good as Cardui. I used itwith the very best results. I had backache and nearlyeverything a woman could suffer with, until I took Cardui.Now, I feel better than I have for two years. I shallalways recommend Cardui to other suffering women. Ican't praise it too highly. As -a medicine for weak, tired,worn-out women, Cardui is safe and reliable. Try it, 'today!Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept.. Chattanooga Medicine Co.. Chattanooga. Tenn, -6 uuun,AlUKIUtUrxoors rut on26 Years Agoare as good as new, and havenever needed repairs -neverneed attention of any kind, except an occasional coat of paint.gJffwiiun iSm ill"''"Storm-proof Fireproof Ughtamg-prooff y IDon't buy that roof for the tuw Ki'n. or rm-r& tk XuV ' I.5 until you have examined the Cortrifht Metal Sl&fJfor Sale by Miller & Best, MiHersburg, Ky.Court House.For Rent.Front room over gas office. Suitablefor office. For further particulars ap-J Ply at News office.TheinaifsTosiiiuuie i reauneni ior women, sent free. J 56METALSHINGLES3 HRMSITHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 21, 1912MICHELINIsf Easiest to WfH fit on any WlllllrQuickDetachableClincherJust as superior to other tiresas Michelin Red Inner Tubes are toother tubesIN STOCK BYYerkes & PrichardCor. Pleasant and HighTWIN BROS.Department StoreCor. 7th and MainSpecial PricesiOn Extra Wide Swiss Flouncing at 25c and50c per yard.Children's Wash Dresses, 50c, 75 c, $1.Ladies' one-piece Serge Dresses, $4.98.(All Colors)Ladies' and Misses' Fine Tailored Suits, $9.95.White Nujback Shoes, $3.fgfj Special Values on Millinery, Skirts and Waists.TWIN BROS.Paris, . KentuckyL. & N. TIME-TAEBLIN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.No.313429710.40373123326259138385393083231STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES.MT. STERLING COURT A goodcrowd was in attendance at Mt. Sterling court, Monday. About 4,000 headof cattle were on the market, of fairlygood quality. Trade was a little slowin the early hours, but later the demand increased and scales were keptbusy. The best 1,000-lb. oxen sold at5 1-2 cents ; the best 800-lb. steers soldas high as 6 1-4 sents; yearlings atfrom 5 1-2 to 6 cents; heifrs, from 5 to5 1-2 cents ; cows, from 3 1-2 to 5cents; bulls at 4 cents. Few muleswere on the market and few saleswere made. One pair of mules sold at290,while several single mules changed hands at from $65 to $150. A number of horses were offered and a number of sales made from 40 to $75,with some fair ones selling at $125 toS150. One or two fancy horses andgeldings sold at from S200-to 250.There was small crowd and littlebusiness at Georgetown court Monday.The farmers of Nicholas countyhave organized a stock company, andare preparing to embark in the general merchandise business in Carlisle.The name of the corporation will beThe Nicholas Farmers' MercantileCompany. U. M. Thompson, AbramBays, J. M. Donnell, S. C. Kenton,and A. W. Hostetter are named as theincorporators.There is no real need of anyone being troubled with constipation. Chamberlain's 1 ablets will cause an agreeable movement of the bowels withoutany unpleasant effect. Give them atrial. For sale by all dealers.No.34429401013737331336262588939328303113Trains ArriveFROMAtlanta, Ga., Daily 5 21 amLexington. Ky., Daily 4.34amr.vnt.hianfl. Tvv.. Dailv Excent Sunday : 7.35 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday S.12 amCincinnati, O., Duily 9-50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. 10.20 amLexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 amLexington, Kv., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 am.Oynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ,. ..3.10 pmMaysville, Kv., Daily Except Sunday 3.1o pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pmKjioxville,Tenn.. Daily 3.2o pmMaysville, Ky., Daily 5.2o pmCincinnati, O.. Daily Except Sunday o.40 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6,03 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.03 amJacksonville. Fla., Daily . -6 05 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrains ID e -partTOCincinnati. O., Daily .28Maysville, Ky., Daily ExceptSunday : i 5.3oLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47Cincinnati, O., Daily ExceptSunday 8.20Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday : . . . .8.20Lexington, Ky., DailyKnoxville, Tenn., DailyWould Restore Blue Lick SpringsWells will be sunk to a depth of1,600 feet at Blue Lick Springs, wheremachinery is now being placed to workin an effort to restore the old-timestrong vein of the famous Blue Lickmineral water there, which has beenfailing. The machinery is being putin place and drilling will being thisweek.A sprained ankle may as a rule becured in from three to four days by applying Chamberlain's Liniment andobserving the directions with eachbottle. For sale by all dealers.Jaynesville and New WayCORN PLANTERSGet results, are not complicated and have all up-to-datefeatures.Also.EHx.all TypesOofTwDrives Off a Terror.The chief executioner of death inthe'wjnter and spring months is pneumonia. Its advance agents are coldsand grip. In any attack by one ofthese maladies no time should be lostin taking the best medicine obtainableto drive it off. Countless thousandshave found this to be Dr. King's NewDiscovery. "My husband believesthat it has kept him from having pneumonia thiea or four timea" writesMrs. George W. Place, RawsonviUe,Vt., "and for coughs, colds and croupwe have never found its equal."Guaranteed for all bronicha' affections.Price 50 cents and 81.00. Trial bottlefree at Oberdorfer's.When your child has whoopiug coughbe careful to keep the cough loose andexpectoration easy by giviag Chamberlain's Cough Remedy as may be required. This remedy will also liquifythe tough mucous and make it easierto expectorate. It has been used successfully in many epidemics and issafe and sure. For sale by all dealersFOR SALE BYBourbon Oarage & SupplyCor, 4th and High Sreets,Paris, KentuckyCoKENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."-Hourly High Speed ThroughService.Contract let for Executive Mansion.The Capitial Lumber and Manufacturing Company, of Frankfort, hasbeen awarded the contract for buildingthe new Sttae executive mansion, beingthe lowest of foui bidders for thework.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shavego to Buck's barber shop. Three first"clasf barbers. 13 tfParis Lexington FrankfortDivision.900 Pension Applications.Nine hundred applications for pensions under the new act granting allowances to veterans ot the Confederalacy have been filed with Pension Commissoer Stone, at Frankfort and scoresare being received every day. No wayhas been found yet how to estimte howmany applications will be made. The !State Board which has charge ot thedistribution of pension money will decide who are entitled to pensions. Thefirst payments will be made on August5.amamamarcam9.57 am.9.55 am10.24 am10.27 amJacksonville, Fla., DailyT ni-nrri-nrt TTv Dailv '"Maysville, K., Daily 2.0d pmOynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.04 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday pmCincinnati, O., Daily 0Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday o.52 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.5 pmCincinnati, O., Daily... 6.1u pmMaysville, Ky., Dailv Except Sunday : 6.15 pmOynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .6.2o pmLexington, K Daily ' f-f PraAtlanta, Ga., Daily 10-&7 PEach age of our lives has its joys.Old people should be happy, and theywill be if Chamberlain's Tablets aretakenfto strengthenHhe digestion andkeep the bowels regular. These tablets are mild and gentle in their action"and especially suitable for peopleof middle age and older. For saleby all dealers.IF dfe C- TIME-T ABLiEIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3, 1911.Trains ArriveFROMly Except Sunda 8.13 amkr -P.rnpnfc Sundav -40 PmpmNo.o "EVonUfnrf,. FTv- DairfuLo.h Sundav .- 5.509 liOUlSVme oo riaimiuii., ' 7 -t -1ft fill nm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10.00Trains Depart.tfo.TOJ61 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only.-7 FraSkfort& Louisville, Daily Except SundayF ankfort, Ky. uany nixcepu ouuu .. v . .6.20 am. ... . 7.43 amGood Men in Blue Grss.The Louisville Post says: "PresidentNeal, of the Bluergass League, arrived Tuesday morning from a visit to thefriend of his circuit, and expressedhimself as perfectly satisfied withconditions as he found them there." 'Plenty of good men are to befound in the Bluegrass this year,' hesaia, 'and I confidently expuct it tobreak all records for Class D leaguesin the sale of players. Three menhave already been purchased by - majorleague clubs and they diden't get themfor newspaper money. Cramer, Weilman and Eddington cost those clubs agood stiff price, but they were willingto pay it. Scouts are up there rightnow looking over four men and itwouldn't surprise me in the least tofind that they had been sold. The men1 refer to are Baschang, of Lexington;Grover. of Maysville, and Donica andGiddo, of Frankfort. They are allgood men and are bound to go. up thisseason.' "Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort eery hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m..and at 10 p.m..'the last car going onlyas far as VersaillesCars leave Lexington for Versailles,Frankfort and Paris, every hour from6 a. m. until 7 p. m, and at 9 andll p.rn., the last car going only as far asVersailles.Cars leave Versailles 'for Lexingtonand.Paris every 15 minutes after thehour f rom6 :15 a. m. until 8 :15 p. m.and at 11 :15 p. m.. last car going onlyas far as Lexngton. 'Cars leave Versailles for Frankfortevery 45 minutes after the hour from6:45 a. m. until 7:45 p. in., and at 9:45p. m.Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington and Paris every thirty minutes after the hour from 6:30 a. m.until 7:30 p. m., and 10:30 p . m.. thelast car going only as far as Lexington. GEORGETOWN LEXINGTONNICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexington and Nicholasville Jevery forty-fiveminutes after the honr from 5:45 a. m.until 6:45 p. m., and at 8:05 and 10-.05n. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville every thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7 :30 p. m.,and at 9 and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville tor Lexington every!fifteen minutes 'after the hourfrom 6:15'a.fm. until 8:15 p.m. and at10 :15 p.fm.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetown every hour on the hour from 6a. m. until 7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p.m.No 6 a. m. cars on Sunday .17-tfV - - wbourbon LaundryD AVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice.asA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial oru'-.i Youl notregret it.asBourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky,POPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKYSUNDAY, Jne 23LOST!un tne t eacock pike abnout l milesfrom Paris mohair cover from ton ofautomobile. Finder will be rewardedby returning same to the News office.17-2t .:" .1 F ankfort, iiy. yauy w 5 - ''5' 521am3 Frankfort, Ky DailylExcept Sunday.,.. ...... -vv -V00anlDeafness Cannot be Curedby local applications, as they cannotreach the diseased portion or the ear.There is only one way to cure deafness,and that is by constitutional remedies.Deafness is caused by an inflamedcondition of the mucous lining of .theEustachian Tube. When this tube isinflamed you have a rumblinc sound orimDerfectlhearing, and when it is entirely closed. Deafness is the result,and unless the inflammation can betaken out and this tube restored to itsnormal condition, hearing will be destroyed forever ; nine cases out of tenare caused by Catarrh, which is nothing but an inflamed condition of themucous surfaces.We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any case of deafness (caused bycatarrh) that cannot be cured.by Hall'sCatarrh Cure. Send for circulars free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold byJDruggists, 75c.Take Hall?' Family Pills for constipation.75c.HS9 75cRoundTripSee the Famous High Bridge BAND CONCERT, High Bridge Park, (Popular Airs.)Tickets sold ai GEO RG ETOWN 2d only on Special Train feaving at 10.50 am.101For Full Information Call On Any Ticket Agent, Or AddressK. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent,E. Main St. Phone 49 LEXINGTON,KY.Foils a Foul Plot.Could Shout For Joy.When a shameful plot exists between j want to thank you from the botliver and bowels to cause distress by torn of my heart." wrote C. B. Rader,refusinggto act, take Dr. Kings' NewJcf Lewisburg, W. Va., " for the wonLife Pills, and end such abuse of yourlcjerful double benefit I got from Elec-system. Ihy gently compel ngnt ac- trjc Bitters, in curing me of bothtion ot stomach, liver ana bowels, anarestore your:heaIth and all good fesl-" , , ... .ines. Zo cents at uneraorier sYou and Nature.There are strength, repose of mindand inspiration in fresh apparel. Godgives Nature new garments every season. You are a part of nature. Thetree trusts, and grows, andstorm and sun as divinely sent, andbelieves in its right to new apparel,and it comes. It will come to you ifyou do the same. Ella Wheeler Wilcox.me or botn asevere case of stomach trouble, and ofrheumatism, from which I had beenan almost helpless sufferer for tenyears. It suited my case as thoughjust marie for me." For dyspepsia, indigestion, jaundice, and to rid the system ot kidney poisons that causerheumatism Electric Bittera have noeaual. Trv them. Every bottle istniroc ' guaranteed to satisfy. Only 50 centsHard Luck Feared."You should lay aside something fora rainy day." "And have- ths rootleak and spoil it."r V.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 21, 1912.Notice to the Public.It is well to anticipate the possibility of typhoid fever. Then, boil allwater used for domestic purposes,and put yourself on the safe side.An ounce of prevention, etc. Presumeyour water supply to be bad untilyou know it to be good. This canonly be brought out by analysis.A.' H. KELLER,7:tf City Health Officer.The Difference.Men think most of the presentthe immediate; and rightly, -their calling being to do and to work. Women,on the other hand, more of how thingshang together in life; and rightly,too, because their destiny the destinyof the families is bound up in thisinterdependence, and it is exactly thiswhich it is their mission to promote.Goethe.rBorne of Correct Tootivear'1- ii uuntn:i i i . i . ... ' im m MM .BARGAINDAY IEXTRAORDINARTlTo-MorrowSATURDAYThe volume of business this Springhas broken all previous records.The phenomenal sales the pastweeks have left us an accumulation of a great many short and Ibroken lines and this week will beClean-up WeekThere will be plenty of real bargains thrown on bargain table thatwill delight the most economicalshoppers.IWhite Shoes and Slippers,The Ideal SummerFootwearWe have the largest assortment in Ladies', Misses'and Children's White Shoes in Pumps in Canvas andWhite Nu-Buck. All the newest styles.We Save You Money on Your Shoe Purchases.DAN COHEN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky.MILLERSBURG ITE S.One of the prettiest weddings seenhere in a long time was that of MissLula Bruce McNamara, the onlydaughter of Mrs. P. L. Dimmitt, toDr. J. U. Ualhoun, or Jbtingo, ja.,which was solemnized last night at8 o'clock at the Christian church.The church began rilling early andlong before the time for the servicesall of the available space was occupied and many were unable to gain admission. The church was beautifullydecorated, the pulpit being bankedwith palms and ferns intermingledwith large brass vases of roses andlillies, behind which was stationedthe organ, at which Prof. McDowell,of Columbus. O., presided.The ceiling was draped with smilaxand the color scheme was carried outin the larsre wedding: bell made ofpink and white flowers, the clapperof the bell being a frosted electriclight globe beneath which the happypair were united.At the appointed time the bridalnartv entered the church in the following order. Plight aisle, little Master Edward Hurst, as flower boy, Mr.C. P. Fisher and Miss Sophia Broadhag, Mr. W. E, Powell and MissFanny Jones, followed by the groomDr. J. D. Calhoun, on the arm 01 hisbest man, Dr. Myers, of Chattanooga,Tenn. Left aisle, little Miss ElizabethAllen, as flower girl, Mr. Mack Grimes and Miss Jennie Maurie Pepper,Mr. J. Allen Ingels and Miss Calhoun followed by the bride on the armof her dame-of-honor Mrs. McDowell,of Columbus. O. The party enteredto the beautiful strains of Lohengrinsbridal chorus rendered by Prof. McDowell. The whole formed a beautiful groupabout the alter where they were metby Dr. Porter, pastor of the FirstBaptist church, ot Lexington, who ina beautiful and impressive ring ceremony pronounced the words whichmade them one for life. The brideand her attendants were handsomelygowned. The bride carried a largeboxuet of white roses, the matron-ofhonor a shower boquet of pink rosesand pink sweet peas, the lour maidseach carried a bunch of pink rosestied with pink chiffon.Mrs. C. M. Best who rendered twobeautiful selections during the ceremonv carried pink roses. After theceremons the bridal party returnedto the home of the bride where congratulations were extended. Mr. an'lMrs. Calhoun leaving shortly after inan automobile for a short bridal tripand will be at home to their friendsafter July 3.Miss McNamar is the only daughterof Mrs. P. L. Dimmitt. and is an attractive and accomplished young lady.a graduate of the Millersburg Female.College, also of the Cincinnati Conservatory "of Music. Dr. Calhoun belongsto one of the most prominent familiesof Ringo, Ga., and a descendant of theeminent statesman, John C. CalhounHe is a rising young Physician,graduate of several institutions, andwill practice his profession on his return to MiIlersurg.""He will occupythe property ofiMr. A. J. Thaxton, onthe southeast corner of Sixth and Mainstreets. This young couple begin lifeunder very aupsicous circumstances.surrounded by all the comforts of lilewith a large circle of friends andacquaintances. Each is certainly tobe congratulated for the good fortunein store for them and may their futurecontinue as bricrht as it has beeun isthe wish of all who know them.Mr. and Mrs. P. L. Dimmitt entertained Tuesday afternoon and evening with receptions in honor of theapproaching nuptuals of their daughter Miss Lula Bruce McNamara toDr J. D. Calhoun, the groom-to-be ofRingo, Ga. It was decidedly themost elaborate social event of theseason. A large number of invitations were out, but owing to thelight rain of the afternoon and evening some were prevented from goingwho otherwise would have gone.The home lies about a mile out oftown on the Jackstown pike. It is anideal country j)lace nestling behind aclump of forest trees. The avenuej from the pike 1o the residence, with; its overhanging trees is suggestive ofcomfort and plenty. Automobilesand carriages were kept busy in carrying the guests from town both in theafternoon and evening. The afternoon guests were invited from 2 to 5being divided into two parties of anhour each. The evening guests weremade up of the young people andthey were invited from 8 to 12. Theorchestra was stationed in the rear,of the front hall, all of them artistsfrom Paris, made up of Misses Esieand Goldie Soloishin, "Messrs. Wm.Talbott and Prof. J. S. Johnson rendered delightful music' The guestswere received at the front door andushered into the presence of the receiving line which was made up asfollows : Mr. and Mrs. P. L. Dimmitt,Dr. J. D. Calhoun, Miss Lula McNamara, Mr. Myers, Miss Calhoun,Prof, and Mrs. McDowell, Mrs. C. M.Best, Miss Jennie Maurie Pepper, MissBroadhag and Miss Nancy Jones.The receiving line of the evening wasmade up of the wedding party; Mr.and Mrs. P. I . Dimmitt, Dr. J. D.Calhoun, Mis- Lula McNamara, Mr.Myers, Mis Nawcy Jones, Mr. Wm.Powell and ASi.--, Broadhag. Fromthe parlor tiie guests were ushered intj the recepiioti room where the register was pi sided over by MissesNewell ana Myers, Mrs. "W. O. Ingelsassisting in the entertainment.The spacious dining room wa athing of teauty. It was presided overby Mesdames J. B. Cray and W. S.Judy. The large center table contained twTo handsome brass vaces filled with pink and white roses with aa handsome candlabra in the center,while on the opposite corners werehandsome cut glass dishes of pink andwhite mints, the color scheme, pinkand white being thoroughly carriedout. Pink and white brick creamwith cakes was served. From heretiie guests passed into the back hallstopping at the fiappee table, whichwas. presided over by Miss Callie LeeMcNamara and. Miss Calhoun. Theguests were then shown to a roomwhere they inspected the weddinggifts, which were numerous and"costly.The home was darkened throughout?, sorwy muminauea. xne decorations were elaborate and handsome.put flowers and potted plants 'were inevidence every weere, whfch were- J -i T7 n o -i X- c T Aiurnisneu oy iveiiy c& kjuuvuu ui xjcington, Mr. Current personally superintending the decorating. At theevening reception dancing was indulged in and on the whole it was oneoftthe most elaborate social eventswitnessed in Millersburg in manyyears. The souvenirs were pink andwhite. .Following is a list ot out ortown guests, who were present at thereception and will remain overjfor thewedding: Misses Jessie and ElizabethCalhoun, Ringo, Ga., Mr. Myers andsister, Chattanooga, Tenn., MissBroadhag, Winchester, Miss MaryNewell, Maysville, Prof, and Mrs.McDowell, Columbus, Ohio.I Z Mr. J. C. Leer was in Louisville onDusine;s Tuesday ana Wednesday.Miss Lucille Daily left Thursday forthe Ozark Mountains. She goes asthe guest of her aunt, Mrs. Salisbury,of Covngton.Mrs. Mattie Purnell and daughter?,Misses Bessie and Mary Agnes Purnell,returned Monday after a few daysvisit to Mrs. Frank Collier at Paris.Mrs. Hinton, of Oklahoma, arrivedMonday as the guest of her sister,Mrs. Minnie Hurst. She has beenwith her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Ed.Cochran, at Elizaville, for severalweeks.The'post office was visited by an inspector Tuesday and Wednesday. Hewas here to give the necessary instructions looking'to the establishmentof a postal savings department, whichwill be opened July 1st.Mrs. Naoma Vimont who has beenhere since the death of her husband,Mr. A. T. Vimcnt, left Tuesday forher home in Colorado, accompanied byher luother-in-law, Mrs. L.avina Vimont, who will spend the summer withher.Dr. Aiken, of Flemingsbunr washere in consultation with Dr. C. B.Smith Wdnesday as to the condition ofMr. R. C. Chanslor. Mr. Chanslorwas taken to the Good Samaritan Hospital, Cincinnati, Thursday, for treatment.Miss Ruth McClintock, who sails forEurone in a few days, has been therecipient this week of a number ofsmall social events Wednesday evening Miss Dorothy Peed entertained atcards in her honors Thursday MissAlfa Ball entertained with a dinnerparty, and this evening the Misses Purnell will entertain.The South bound passenger traindue at Millersburg at 2:51 p. m..collided Tuesday afternoon with a handcar just south oftthe bridge. The carwasmannedjay two or.three workmen,but for some reason they were notaware of th apDroaching train and didnot have tirhe to remove it from thetrack. The car was completely demolished.Immense Line New Wall Paper.Call at my storeand pick from thelarge new spring stock of wall paperjust what you want and need and haveit put on now and avoid the springrush. Expart decorators ready to doyour bidding.J. T. HINTON.TEDDY THRE4TENS BOLT(Continued from Page 1.)tween noon and 4 p. m. There is manypeople in evidence lunching from hotlunches. Nearly all the seats in thegallery are tilled already, although thedelegates' section looks deserted.2;45p. m. There is a rumor afloatthat the Committee on Credentials adjurned at 1 o'clock till 2:30. As toconsidering the Alabama contest, if itshould develop to be the case, theprobabilities are that the CredentialsCommittee will have an all night session, and the convention will adjournuntil an early houi tomorrow morning,immediatey after convening.3:00 p.m. It is reported that theCommittee on Permanent Organization refuses to organize until afterthe Committee on Credentials is readyto report. It is "saW that seven of thenumber of this committee walked outof the meeting room. It is also rumored that tne Committee on Credentialshas reached and is now considering theArizona contest case.3:15 p.m. A hard shower brokeover the vicinity or tne coliseum wnnethe streets were jammed with peoplewaiting to get into the building.3:30 p. m. The hall is now just filling with delegates, the spectators'seats already being filled. Therumors that immediate adjournmentwill te taken still persists, one beincan adjournment until 8 o'clocck thisevening, another to-morrow morning.3:45 p. m. As Chairman Rootentered he was greeted with applause.3:50. The convention is called toorder by Chairman Rcot.4:00 p. m. Chairman adjourns theconvention untill 11 a. m.v to-morrow.4 :05 p. m. Immediately after theadjournment some of the delegatesstarted the cry "We Want Teddy."Thespectators took it up and the. hall is ina turmoil.BRIEF SUMMARY OF CONVENTION SESSIONS.Tuesday Elihu Root chosen asChairman of the convention over ;Gov.McGovern.the choice of Col. Rooseveltfor the Chairmanship, by a vote of 558to 502.Wednesday Col. Roosevelt's forcesin the Republican National Conventionwere defeated again Wednesday, theissue being whether the ex-Persident'stest of delegates should be substitutedfor certain delegates seated by theNationalC orr mittee. The Taft forceswon by a vote of 562 to 510. .'Duringthe proceedings in the Convention aremarkable demonstration in behalf ofMr. Hadley, of Missouri, took place,which seemed to threaten a'stampede tohim. The enthusiasm was stemmed bya counter Roosevelt movement. TheRoosevelt members of the CredentialsCommittee bolted that committeetwicereturning after the first time onadvice ot their chief, but retiringagain definitely shortly after.Low Round Trip Faresfrom Paris toNew Yoroston30 day limit Tourist fares to. New York $28.0060 day iimit variable route fares toNew York $32.15 Boston $35.55Reduced round trip fares to manyother cities and resorts in the EastSuperior Service to the EastFor particalars, rates, folders, descriptiveliterature acd sleeper reservations, addressW. H. HARRIS, Ticket Agent$1.00Wili start a Eank Account here andstart you on I he road to Success.Capsa2$100,00.00Surplus$67,500.00Protection$267,500.00! YOU FA&BOtJT'S WHATCopyright 1010, by tho Btandaxd-Adv. C5S.WE live, we grew old, and the LAST YEARSshould be free from- CARE, instead of burdened with weight of having to provide. I his shouldhave been done in youth by the practics of frugalityand a live BANK ACCOUNT.Unitfc'Slc'Gf Depositary for Postal Savings.We pay 3 per cet. interest on savings accountsi nrnni utruoANK OF PARIS,iflanital 1 OO AHASurplus $309000 t