- ''t !v- rTHE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVEB.Y TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEASVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JULY 23, 1912TV'd?Mbest)v 1IniBig ReductionnOnAIILOW SHOESBeginning This Week We Will Reduce all HANNAN and NETTLETON OXFORDS, and also Ladies'Pumps and oxfords.We have a great many WHITE SHOES and PUMPSin Nubuck and Canvas that will be greatly reduced.These will be for CASH ONLY.IGEO. McWILLIAMS,Negro Fugitive Captured Here.Hen tv Powell, thfi fnmtiivfi from' J o " Irgetown was arrested yesterday morning by patrolman Fred Lind at Centerville, and taken to Georgetownyesterday morning on the 10 o'clock!mterurban car and turned over tothe authorities of that city.Powell has been wanted in Georgelown for four or five years, on acharge of maiming a negro womanand is believed to be the negro whoescaped jail together with three orfour other prisoners.Jailer Z. T. Lusby.was in Paris lastweek and asked the assistance of theI local police in his efforts to locatethe negro, who he said was probablyaround in the neighborhood as he hadrelatives in Bourbon countv. IAfter giving a '.description of thenegro it was learned that a man answering that description had been injail here on a minor charge. Sundaypatrolman Link learned that the negrohad been employed by Stuart &O JtJnen in cutting hay at Uenterville,and early yesterday morning hedrove to the home of one of his relatives where he was informed the negrohad been stopping.After several attempts to gain admission to the house the officer finallyforced his way through the door asPowell was coming down the stepshalf dressed and presumably makingan ettort to escape. He was broughtto Paris and placed in jail where heremained until taken by the officer toCieorgetown.m m?"WE KNOW HOW"SwLPhones 301The Shoe ManJM Don't Stay At Home and BroodOver the High Cost of Living,But Come in and See What We Can Save You on wMilT 1 T C T roeiow is just a rew orMIiSISISisASIS(hAS(IS4S4SGroceries.Our Many Bargains:16 lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.008 Bars Lenox Soap 25cBrass King Wash Boards . . . 30c2 Cans Good Com 1 5c1 lb. Can Royal Baking Powder 45cRoyal Seal Oats per can 1 "3c(The Only Oats for Summer)Pure Hog Lard per lb 1 4cMason Fruit Jars, qts., per doz . .. 60cMason Fruit Jars, pts., per doz SOcFruit Cans, per doz 35cBLUE RIBBON PLOUR;25-Ib SackSO-f b Sack $ 1 .601 OO-Ib Sack . , , $3.20irtTeCash Grocery,Both Phones 234AirS.ST.jr. jO'JLl J?'J'J' "x..wv'"''w'fck'V'r'MCI 1 .CI 1& ' or pure feH '. .jr'i:mmmSILK SOXSold For 50cCMOICE 38cOr 2 Pair for 75cAi! SizesSee Show WindowkmPR)6E&60.610tIH6rsand FurnishersWBsttiesii:saffitsiJl!Iivm&mmEm&mLAt Reduced Prices.AH muslin underwear at reducedprices, at Simon's Department Store.Building New Street.The city employes unde,r StreetSuperintendent John Gain, have beenengaged the past week in constructinga macadamized street on Fithianavenue, through White Addition, andextending fiom the Louisville andNashville railroad bridge. The workmen are now engaged in building astreet in front of the hospital propertyto the base ball park. The street is ofan excellent grade and one of the mostsubstantial ever constructed in thecity.Tailored Skirts.Ladies' tailored skirts, $6.50 and$8.50 value at S3.95.THE SIMON DEPT. STORE.Investigating Disorders.At Salyersville. Magoffin county,Saturday afternoon, Lee Patrick, awell-knowncitizen of that place, waskilled by persons believed to be connected with another prominent familyof that nlace.H It is reoorted that theofficers had arrested Clarence Erne andFrank Ernett on a charge of killingPatrick and they are in jail. Feelingis running high and the malitia wa3called out to preserve older. Tor fearof a clash between the two factionsadditional troops were asked for andthe authorities at Frankfort sent Gen.Roger D.Wililams to the scene to investigate the conditions, and determine if additional troops were needed.General Williams was also ordered toinvestigate the mine disorders at theRose Run Mines in Bath county.WWWI vJTI'T'here is nothing nicer, and we-" know there is nothing coolerfor Summer wear than a pair ofWhite Serge or White FlannelTrousers.Just the thing to wear with a Blue SergeCoat, Straw Hat and White Low-Cut Shoesthese Summer days. White Buckskin andWhife Duck Shoes for men you will find herein all styles.Soft Silk Pongee Shirts, with collars "tomatch, made with soft turn-back Cuffs, WhiteSilk Hose and Wash Ties.Don't suffer with the heat when you cankeep cool at a small cost. . ,, ,i. .i.-W JMitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to MenParis, Kentuckyi 1WAT" -- W "V .aaU m.. " 'IV. JSXW ViTKV ( kTVRAT;WaTilKATSKTA,-ML"Z?!1' 1Klit JEC1 ffft flft Yy VYAi"VY-tVrjrV4Vil,KVjy tK5 KSSIW HSSTHMMlS!l!AKM3As MMcmmmm m mm mmmmmmm wwwmirfjuamimiiimiijiixiijiiin! inMiiiinuiiiinuiMniiiNiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiuniiiiiiiiiiiiuniiiiHiiiiiiMniiuuiiuiiHinuiiiiLiisLingerie Dresses.58. $10 andLingerie dresses,values, at 4.98.THE SIMON DEPT. STORE.S12fioosier Cars Pass Through ParisThe caravan of Indiana made carspassed througli Palis yesterday afternoon on the last lap of their annualtrade extension Four-State Tour illustrating the ativity and progressivespirit that prevails in the automobileindustry in the Hoosier State.The party of tourists arrived in thiscity yestreday afternoon about sixo'clock, after a delay of several hoursat Maysville, occasioned by the unloading ofthe twenty cars from the boat.afterthe trip by water irom Huntington. The trip from Maysville to Paris wasmade by the twenty cars in the partywithout a serious mishap, and duringtheir stay here of about one-half hour,the cars.were parked in front of thecourt house.The party' roster is as follows :American, D. S. Means Co., E. C.Undiek M. O'Leary, Ralph Reade C.E.Bayden, H. G. Fletcher.Service Motor Truck L. I. Fox,Georg Gorder.Great Western Glarecne Lamar, M.G. Beckner.Motor Car Manufacturing Co., 2 G.P. Sirams, W. K Bromley, HenryKnippenberg, Bruce t Daniels. Ot arlesSchoiler.Marion Sales, 2 W. W. McCluie,Hugh Dane.Nyberg. 4 Ray Leeman, C. E. Henderson, Jack Ewing, Dr. E. W. Seawright, Joseph Her.nmg, Perry Cozatt,Buster Kiger.Premier, 2 Walter Weidley, Col. M.H. Love, John Thomas, William Herchel, Dr. Linn, Henry Letznger.Marmon, 2 Leo Kahn. EmoryHouston, Ned Cotton, W. B. Adams,H. M. McFarland, Earl Walker, JohnMeyers A. H. McFarlan.Double Fabric Tire, Auburn WillWillenar, Earl Parker H. A. BidlerGeorge A. Bishop.Cole Lou Pettijohn.Lexington J. M. Ward, Edison.Whitesides Thomas Wright, V. E.Whitesides, J. C. Coran, Dick Brainingan, Jack Kennedy. James Wallace,H. Moody,De. Tamble,2 C. L. Williams, :E1wood Haynes. Jr., A. L. Tish.T. H.Burke. $5"Maxwell-Rriannp Mntnr C.n.. 4I -.-.- - K0.w..I Howard Vanmeter. LawrencelTBailey.'W. Mak. White, Henry D. Price, fMil-ffjrdJVeigieKenneih.HiehleyThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.Final Clean-Up SaleOF5Wd5xmm&s9JiLadies' Ready-to-Wear Garments.$25.00 Laclies' Suits, now $ 9.815.00 Ladies' Suits, now...,. 5.0035.00 Lingerie Dresses, now 1 7.5025.00 Lingerie Dresses, now 1 5.0020.00 Lingerie Dresses, now 9.9815.00 Lingerie Dresses, now "7.7510.00 Lingerie Dresses, now : 4.9830.00 Silk Dresses, now 1 5.0025.00 Silk Dresses, now .' 1 2.5020.00 Silk Dresses, now. . . . I '. . . . 1 O.OO-10.00 Linen Dresses, now '. 4.987.50 Linen Dresses, now 3.985.00 Linen Dresses, now 2.98AI! Other Ready-to-Wear Garments Reduced- . - Price - - -inFRANK & C9Paris,KentuckyBlUIIUKUHIltllin;yiHiniiiiHimiiijyiHiiiHiiHiiiiniMNnniuiuxmxiiwiiiiiinniiiniHHfwe-i;ii XHiiiiSOiSlS!Willi Wilili i MkIMPERFECT IN ORIGINAL!S.-VW:.-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 23, 1912MZr -, "5.V.vWonder? isi Cures Reported in 6ermanyaThe use of simple herbs as remedies instead of the more concentrated endusually moreIn Germanywhole of thepharmacopeiadangerous inorganic substances, has Deen reviveu veiy iuj . -..a new scfccoi 01 pnysicians cas arisen uw w..- -------. pharmacopeia and relies on an adaptation c the method of wildAnimals in curing themselves N. Y. nor.d."a Dr. R. V. Pierce, chief consulting physician to the Invalids' Hotel and' " Surreal institute of Buffalo, N. Y., who first advocated the extended use of somen fo .:.., -.. r.,i, o . OoTHfnmid queer's root, black cherrybark. These are the chief ingredients m DoctorPierce's Golden Medical Discovery, which has teen so well and favorably fc-o-Tf vA4forod for over livedilated conditioni ir -i" ? ;,cKy;TWINmm.Clothing DepartmentAll the Latest Ideas inSPRIG CLDTHIHGNow On DisplayL.WOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe DepartmentSome Good AdviceTo the People.Don't sell your old feathers un--tilyou find out the prices, You"ii ., j , ,,,:n iu 1ucui cctu ua aim we win iuuiv at ,your feather, or if you live inthe counrry send us a sample. Iwill let you know what they are jworth. Some old feathers if they jnave Deen wen cared ior are asgood as new. We pay marketj.rice for new feathers.9Slh Street, PARI?, KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 374v-tSpecial attention given toparties desiring to hire automobiles. Call on us forpricesBest equipped transferlinein the city. Specialattct in-tion oriven to an Kinas o-phauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTINLivery, Feed and Safes Stable.Eighth Street Both Phones.Hot and ColdBATHot and cold baths.Everything neat and clan. Politebarbers alvays ready to wait on tnetrade. No long waits. You are nextM. A. KAHAL.Professional CardsJ J. WriililAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Zoom 1 Elks Bull dine.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Qmce 514 Main Street.Office Phones( E. T. 334.I Home 334.ResidenceIHtB B riM TfcR. A. H KELIiER,1K XJ Practicing Physician,,i Office, Roomi 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'g4& Pris, - - "- - Kentuckyv?l r-nd Oregon grace root,mandrakeor nearly halt a century. a ""w ...ctomach Ionic that nature has provided.J. Donald Matiiesov of Ossining, 1. Y. says: I suf-voars wmi wiiaii iinu uu - - ; "of the stomach, associatca wun acuwrfail condition of same, and ncrooiis heart. I had trUenough nux. bismuth, gentian, ihubarb, etc., to float a shipand naturallv thought there was no cure for me, but aftci? 7JwVniin(?nt doctors said of the curative qualitiesf 'rjninon MprHe.nl Discovery' 1 gave lu,EV' wwU .VnvPrv' and also the 'PleasantPcilctV and can truthfully say I am feeling better nowthan I have in years. I cheerfully give permission to printihfstesthnm iafandif any ' doubting Thomas writes mci win 'put him wise' to the best all-around medicine in tLc1 .untry to-day."For Sale,A nice lot of home-grown plums.Wholesale or retail. Verv nice for can-ninnr Poll rwiaf Til T PUnn "NT. on"":. "" "vt " A"u -u. oa,Kuddles Mills bx.c. L. HOUGH,164t Paris, Ky.Modern Equipment,4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDThe Route."Dashingtm ?eems tohave finall!made a conquest of that Scadmon.girl. Wonder how it all came about.'"The first time she saw him she gavhim 'her eye, the next time they mei,she gave him her arm, it wasn't longbefore he was holding both of hei'hands, soon after xhat he won !heart, and she lost her head and gave1herself to him completely." Judge.uuniig iiiu suinuier monuis mouiers ,of youne children should watch for anyunnatuial loos-ness of the bowels.! When given prompt attention at this '1 timg serious trouble may be avoided ,SMSS SS'S Effi iunon. For sale'.bv all dGalnrs. It-..-: i.u i. . i, -"Why Opinions Differ.It were not best that we should allthink alike; it is difference of opinionthat makes horse races Pudd'nhey'Wilson.Many cures have been reported.A Iittlejtablet called "Digestif hasbeen found to be certain quick relieffor acute indigestion. Many caseshave been reported where instant relief resulted from its use. Brown'sDigestit is the successful treatment forall stomach disorders. It relievesindigestion instantly and cures dyspepsia. Sold on positive guarantee50c.One That Is Visible."Has his family got a skeleton in itscloset?" "I don't know about whatihey've got in the closet, but they'vejot one In a hobble skirt!"Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shavego to Buck's barber shop. Three, firstclasr barbers, ' IS tf!JlmmSHOPTHE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .2.00 Six Months. .1.00Payable in AdvanceEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on CBndidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearty contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.DEMOCRATIC TICKET.For President,HON. WOODROW WILSON,of New Jersey.For Vice-President,HON. THOS. R.MARSHALL,of Indiana.For Congress,HON. J. CAMPBELL CANTRILL,of Scott county.Growing in Favor.The nomination of Woodrow Wilsonas the Democratic nominee for Presidennt by the Baltimore Convention isgrowing in favur more and more asthe days go by. It is now appnrentthat the Democratic nominee will notonly have the united support of hisown party, but it is equally certainthathe will be given the almost unitedsupport of the independent vote, andwill also poll a large per cent, of theprogressive vote of the Republicanparty.It has also now developed that thethird party movement which Col.Roosevelt is agitating will not haveanv materia effect upon Governorwuson s canaiaacy. lr Kooseveic sue-oeeds in his elforts to organize a "progressive" Republican party, with himselfjas the nominee for the presio'encvhe will draw at least one vote fromi President Taf c for everv vote thatwuuiu umcivviac DUjyui l tl USUI.'.The fact is that a large per cent 3f jthe progressive independent and Republican voters includedin Mr. Rosevelt's admirers, have becme satisfiedj that the rough rider hasn't a ghost ofI a show to win in November as a thirdj party candidate, and many of thpmi have expressed their deteimmatioi, toput a progressive president m theWhite House by supporting WoodrowWilson.Even in Pennsylvania theDemocratsart planning to wage a winning carn-i saign for Wilson and Marshall, and itis not only possible but probable thattheir efforts will not be in vain.If Wils-n can carrv Pennsylvania itis not the least txaggtraticnto predictthat he will cany every State in theUnion.Xk Rirv I.e,ine SlS SSUe.United States Senator LaFollette, inthe closing chaDtersIof his autobiogra-phy which has been ;unning in thea - ,,.,.frioan Magazine and which ,s soonbe Pub,,bh8cl. in bo tor. givesnat ne consiaers tne one nig issueaow confrohnting the American peoDle. He savs:Tn twenH'-five vParR nf rmliHnilt . T "' , years 0l PIu!calbtl'uS2le J have found one great issueovershadowing all others the en-croachment of the'powerful few on the" ot the ,-" a . oftoda.v are Phases of this one greatquestion. Dow shall the individual,I tne raimr, tns worker, and all thosej who Div tilt ut , le eet free from the, unjust exHCtionq cf the tariff, the rail-r-jEds, and oihsr forms of oppressionbv sprci.J i terett.Wu iiKusexelt became presidentthe total stok and bonds issues of thetrusts was 33.784,000,000. When heturned the country over to Taft thistotal had grown to $31.G72.GOOO,00,seventy per cent of which is water."The people of.this country are paying dividends on all this wateredstock, in the form of unnecessary highprices for the things they eat, useand wear."Will Insist on Baths.The master of Navan Union, CountyMeath, Ireland, in which institutioncompulsory baths for able-bodiedtramps have been introduced recently,reported that 14 tramps were admitted the previous, night, and, ratherthan take baths, seven left. The chairman then stated that the motto of theinstitution from henceforth,, should be"Swim or Shift."1 .- '.V. -.Federal Agent Will Aid.Bradford Knapp, head of the farmers' demonstration work in the Soutnfor the National Government, willcome to Kentucky to meet the StateBoard ofjAgrieukure and the agents ofthe railroads in this State to aid inorganizing forces which will developthe agricultural interests of the State.This will be the first move which theNational Government has made towardassisting the advancing of the agricultural interests of Kentuckv.Commissioner ut Agriculture Newman, who has been at Atlantic Citysince the Baltimore Convention, reached home this morning, and reports thatthe work of establishing the fishhatchery at the State Fair Grounds inLouisville will be started at once, andwill be equipped in three months' time.A Girl's Wild Midnight Ride.To warn people of a fearful forestfire in the Catskills a young girl rodehorseback at midnight and saved manylives. llierdeed was glorious but Jivesare often saved by Dr. King's NewDiscovery in curing lung trouble,coughs and colds, which might haveended in consumption or pneumonia."It cured'me of a dreadtul cough andlung disease," writes W. R. Patterson,Wellington, Tex., "after four in ourfamily had died with consumption, andI gained 87 pounds." Nothing so sateand sure for all throat and lung troubles. Price 50c and $1.00. Trial bottletree. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.Only 0neHali Vacate Office.Misapprehension of the school actpassed at the last sesison of the Genera Assembly, amending the'actof 19UP,is causinng considerable concern amongthe school trustees of the State, whohave een writing to the Department ofEducationjat Frankfort to know whether all, the trustees go out of office thisyea'." Superintendent of Public Instruction Barksdale Hamlett issued aletter explaining that the act of 1908was not changed in that regard, andthat only half the board in each countyis to be elected this vear. Thai actprovided that the terms of all thetrustees should expirp that year andthat threafter the terms of one-half ofthe trustees should expire each succeeding year. In amending the statuteit was necessary to quote that part ofit, which gave rise to the impressionthat the quotation refered to this year.A Wasted Life.;Miss Amanda Crandpll, ninety-oneyears old, one 'of the oldest residentsof Lebanon, Ky., died last week afteran illness of over a year. She boastedall her life of never having been kissedby a man, and is said to have neverhad a beau. Miss Crandall was bornand lived continuously in the house inwhich she died. She never rode in arailroad train, electric car or automobile. Scotfs EmialsionIts highly concentrated nutritivequalities repair vaste and createphysical resistance faster thandisease can destroy. - All Druggists.Scott & Downc Hloomfield. N J 12-11lalMt3rjiMiag""g!.irr-wrria?TTB ai-Tf yl - - ,IIIIm VGive us ycur order nowgetting one,YERKES & PRICHARDBothl'Phones 66Last as long as the building, and never need repairs never need any attention, except anoccasional coat of paint. Just the thing for all kinds of country buildings. Firc-pToof-Handsome-Inexpensioe.Can be laid right over wood shingles without dirt or bother.(4)For Sale by Miller & Best. Miilersburg, Ky.GEO. W.FDNESAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMBOTH 'PHONES DAT137;jSTGHT 299.pf933SC9SSsgsG2SS3SSS3SSWhy not you join the great army ofcustomers and burnNow is the time to try a load.Dodson & DentonPARIS. KY.Qferga(2a3s2simberlana Celepbone ana Celegrapb CompanyINCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the Cumberland Bourbon County Exchanges atParisMiilersburg, North Middletown,r Little Rock andRuddles Mills.OylVhon you haveHAVE telephone service.Cumberland Telephone and Telegraph fcompanyIncorporated- g;uiTT3JiiVragSnaiigaCTai3aSaggAnyone who has used the BEMIS TRANSPLANTERand?thent used another can appreciate the differencethe work done. The floating shoe, positive valveaction, all steel frame andthe work done are ifcfeatureso you willBIIBVimDAVISCumberlandservice vouI WIMTn-TTHTITrafftT'T-'- --W!Ibe sure ofIIji.mV'I,rTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 23,' 1912.BB HS i nil B3 BBHljB-HH tHIW Ha B H- 'HH MfrSTOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES.K besOGOD'S HERBS & ROOTS !iCure Diseases, TheBible says so, & itis being proven everyday by -5 IiiI AW; AonT-'liCHARLIE WHITEMOQN, the Cow Boy Herbalistr 3729-31 W. Broadway, Louisville, Ky.Deep down in every human heart lies a NATURAL desire' for NATURE'S medicines, Roots & Herbs.lOnC naVe the SPPrpf-CS rf nntlirQ Vinon nnirUnfAi1 4- 1.-.r 1,,. 1 J! J - t -N-i, -., -. rtr -.. . , v, """ uccu. ucaicLicu, iuu iuus uu.ve peupie msregaruea uoqs promises, lvioa-r octors tnink only of operations" & strong drugs, while human suffering & death r frnm fJispaA in.) rapidly every year. Health is natural, disease unnatural. My years of experience as a Cow-boyong the Indians give me a peculiar fitness & knowledge of the powers of Roots & Herbs as medicines,rvT . "-"icu o ai uuiiug -diuuu jToisuu, ijuus x iouuie, iviuney, JBiaaaerr-Liiver, female & sum.ses, Rheumatism, Dropsy, Catarrh, Nervous & Stomach Troubles that were pronounced incurable by thedoctors. I want to PROVE this to the world & to any one asking, I will mail the greatest book of its1 ever mihlisheri cmHtiorf "ttttt nnw.-nnv trrrr-nAT.TC'T ni,nni.,u. Tr j. .. . ,-,-n w '7tiJ:r -1". . - , ; , u,ur, x "J"1 "- AL "" ure uot enjoying aiuu.;0aue,a ui iici icl uuauu, your auty aemanas uiat you iiNVJSSTiixATJfi MY CLAIMS. All letters ofinquiry promptly answered., Cf;V-CI-w ihf, ome of my great TONIC, BODY-BUILDER, composed of 16 Roots '& Herbs,makes ful, quarts r of medicine, lasts about 3 months, costs only one dollar & is LEGALLY GUARANTEEDf tiy THE PURCHASER or money refunded. COM-CEL-SAR is sold BY ALL DRUGGISTS & DEAL-itLir?7 toels, blddder & blood. A household remedy0ERSP0ST4GEP?D tf your druggist hasn't got it or won't get it, I WILL FILL YOUR'mCn4WE' WHj00?'S SCIENCE SOPEJs made of PURE VEGETABLE 'OILS FOR HUMANiMLfflll r m0UCy refmtded' I0C or 3 bars at al1 dcal Rta ww arc suprf..v .... v t..- wMvivtiuib Lti'Uti'ro.II-HUllSltIlly55tf.gfffii5jggqSPECIAL.nfgjaEXCURSfOnLX 4.nrvc aGirASSeer day 5 .jaiy 28pa:rewu!iI Round gWp&llla Ro""d B$100 Per Platewas paid at a banquet to Henry Clayin New Orleans in 1842. Mighty costly for those with stomach trouble orindigestiun. Today people eveiywhereuse Dr. King's New Life Pills forthese troubles as well as liver, kidnevand bowel disordrs. Easy, safe, suie.Only 25 cents at Oberdoifei's.SPECIAL TRAINLvs. GEORGETOWN 7s45 a.m.ASK TICKET AGENTS FOR PARTICULARS.Confusions of Effects."Things didn't seem to work together in your series of dramatic representations." "They didn't," -admittedStormington Bames. "When we played tragedy the box office receipts werea farce, and when we played farcethey were a tragedy." WashingtonStar.Noticeo Contractors, i mk EmbomSealed bids will be received by theBoard of Trustees of the W. W. Massie Hospital in Palis, Ky., in accordance with the plans and specificationsof H. L. Rowe", Architect, of Lexington. Ky. The plans and soecirication3for this work can be seen either at theoffice f the Architect or at the office of Ithe First National Bank of Paris, Ky., iby July 16th, 1912.A 11 Kirl? mnif ho ofMvoccorl f-n. flirtBoard of Trustees of the new hospital, 'and must be sent by mail to Mrs. W.E. Simms. of Paris. Ky.. and said bidsmust be in the hands of Mrs. W.Manicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.Frightful Polar Windsblow with teiriffic force at the farnorth and play havoc with the skin,. causing rough, red or sore chapped'handstand lips that need Bucklen's.Arnica Salve to heal them. It makesI the skin soft and smooth. Unrivaledfor cold-sores, also burns, boils, ulcers,, auts, bruises and piles. Only 25 centsat Oberdorer's.The Mercer County Fair and HorseShow will be heldMn Harrodsburn, beginning July 30 and continuing forfour days.Great damage has been done in thecountv along the Clark and Montgomery lines by a water spout, which followed the tremendous rains.Hop growers on the Pacific coasthave threatened to cease planting thevine so esaential to the production ofbeer if transcontinental freight rateson hops are not reduced.John S. Madden Friday bought ofJames Snell the fast three-year-oldtrotting fiy Dorothy Gay. by Peter theGreat, dam Susie Darnaby. DorothyGay.took'a recordof 2 :22 3-4 here' lastweek.Mr. Leon Renaker has purchasedhundreds of lambs in Clark county forJuly and August deliveries, and isbeginning to shin them to the citymarkets. From 9 to 6 1-2 cents is theprevailing price.A Danville special savs : "Thefirst sale of S8.00 cattle since the Civilwar was made by the Uentry Bros, toan Eastern firm when they sold abunch of 132 cattle, averaging about1,500 pounds, at 8 cents per pound."Contractor T. C. Looney, ot Danville, has been awarded the contract tobuild the new tobacco storage warehouse to be built by the Liggett &Mvers Company, in that city. Workon the structure has already been commenced, and it will be ready for thefall market. The warehouse will bethe largest in Central Kentucky.Announcement was made in Lexington that options have been securedby Cincinnati parties on piopertyfronting 300 feeton South Boadway,and extending back 150 feetto Plunketstreet, including practically a wholeblock in the tobacco warehouse district, as a site for another mammothwarehouse to be erected by Cincinmitians. Excited trading in wheat and cornin Chicago, Friday, resulted from thenews ot the sinking of the Italian warvessels in the.Dardanelles ana the closing of the passsgp. Shutting off grainfrom the Black Sea portjs of Russiaand other countries meant the stoppageof cne ot the chief sources of Europeansunolies Wheat prices jumped asmuch as 2 3-8c. and corn 2c.Cement siloh, fourteen feet in diameter a'id ttiurtv feet high, can beelected at a cost of 163 is the estimate furnished Commissioner of Agriculture Newman by,Stanley F. Reed,of ftlavsville. The Department of Agliculture furnished formsand specications and a man to superintend theerection of two or three silos in eachcounty in the State. The first silo builtunder the direction of the Departmentis in Mason county on the farm of A.H. Calvert and was erected at a costof $163. The department is duing thiswork in order to show the farmers thefeasibility and practicability ot substituting cement silos for wooden siios.A wooden sil will last about twelvevears whilea cement silo vyill standforever.iiirinpriiiin Minn jwwmn m i mmmThis is myjrade Mark YD0WLBSTM4PEB X- t.riu QWfW ' ill1 II B I S tr h P , T i Sffi . Ill1 mil ill1 aV- 1 41 IU poo per GiVluniM JOiiiouwONE BLOCK WEST0? L&N DEPOTyf"? yZ-if93 . Y 3 fe- ve: iU ftYABX?irxisj? iin i uL. dc N. TIME-TABLE' IN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.auglGtfEastTenn. Phoe 669! A Hero In a Lighthouse.For years J. S. Donahue, So. Havn,Mich., a civil war captain, as a lighthouse keeper averted awful wrecks,E. , but a queer fat is that he might haveDoing as Romans Do.When I am in Rome I fast as theRomans do; when I am at Milan I donot fast. So likewise you, whateverchurch you come to, observe the custom of the place, if you would neithergive offense to others, nor take offense from them. St. Ambrose's Advice, to St. Austin on Sabbath Keeping.Simms not later than 10 a. m. Julv 27, been a wreck ftimseir,iticic rsiuers1912, after which time and date no ad- had not prevented. "They cured me ofditiunal bids-will be considered, and re- kidney troubles'and chills," lie writes,ceived. " ("after I had tuken other so-calledah ;ic ni:cf ho qpr-nmnanipd hv n cures tor years, without benefit, andIt you are a housewife you cannotreasonably hone to be healthy or beautiful by washing dishes, sweeping anddoing houswork all day, and crawlinginto bed dead tired at night. Youmust get out into the ouen air and sunlight. If you do this every day andcertified check, equal in amount of five they alsoimproved my signt. riow. at fceep your stomach and bowels in goodper cent of the bids, and same must ce seventy, 1 am reeling line. j?or ays- order by taking Chamberlain's Tabletsmade payable to Mrs. E. F. Clay of pepsia. indigestion, all stomach, liver ' when needed, you should become bothParis," Ky,. same to be guaranteed that and kidney troubles, they are without i healthy and beautiful. For sale by"allthe bunder witnin tnree days, winenter into a contract witn the board ofTrustees in accordance with his bidand give a good and suciffient bond forthe iaithful execution of same.Bids will be received for the workcomplete in all of its details wi h theexception of the electrical work,plumoing, heating, elevator and dumbwaiter, for these last five items, senarate bids will be asked for. All genera1 contractors must make a separateitem of cost of the colored dppartmentand its completion.Ihe" board ot trusteps reserve theright to reject any or all bids.By older erf the Board of Trustees.MRS. E. F. CLAY,MRS. W. E. SIMMS.Trustees.H. L. ROWE.Arcnitect, Lexington, Ky.equal. Try them.Oberdnrfer's.Only 50 cents atWatch in a Pearl.A French jeweler has made a perfect watch and set it inside a pearlonly a little more than half an inchin diameter.Test of Success.If every day we can feel, if only fora moment, the elation of being alive,the realization of being our bestselves, of filling our destined scopeand trend, you may be sure that weare succeeding. Bliss Carman.Buv it now. Chamberlain's Colic,Cholera and Diarrhoea Kemdey is almost certain to be needed before thesummer is over. Buy it now and beprepared for such an emergency. Forale bv all dealers.How Taste Is Cultivated.People who live in climates wheremalaria abounds, frequently have titake so much quinine that they get t(love the taste of it, and to take i'daily, even when they do not need itjust because it tastes good to themAnd yet quinine is one of the bitterest of drugs and these same peopledid they move away from the malariidistrict for a few years, would sooiget to detest the taste of it.dealers.Freak Fashion Disapproved.A freak fashion on the part of aman who has been attracting considerable attention of late at the theaters'in London is regarded by the Westend dress experts with contempt. Withthe regulation black evening dress andwhite collar and tie this eccentricwears a black shirt front, relieved bya white waistcoat.Day of the Whip. 'The dreaded "cat" is probably thebest known of old naval punishments.Whipping was provided for at least aslong ago as the fifteenth century, andin Drake's time the regular trouncingof the ship's boys by the boatswain onMonday morning was regarded as theonly means of insuring a fair wind forthe rest of the week.Easy Ink Eraser.A blot of ink on your paper may beeasily removed by means of one ofthose little emery cardboard stripsthat are used for manicuring the nails.Just rub it lightly over the ink afterblotting carefully, and it will removeevery trace, yet leave the paper ingood condition.Kentucky Fair Dates.Dysentery is always'' serious andoften a dangerous disease, but it canbe cured. Chamberlain's Colic,Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy hascured it even when malignantepidemic. For sale by all dalers.andMan Worships Something.Man always worships something;always he sees the Infinite shadowedforth in something finite; and indeed,can and must so see it in any finitething, once tempt him well to fix hiseyes thereon. Carlyle.The Cost of Paintingim&ris lowest if you use S. W. P.The greatest part of the cost inpainting is the labor. The paint itselfis only about one-third of the cost.Poor Daint makes the labor cost more, first because it takes longer toapply it ; second because you have to repaint oftener.Even the apparent saving in cost per gallon of the poor paint is eaten upby its low covering capacity ; it takes more gallons of the poor paint to dothe job.Cost of paint and cost of labor are both lower with ft W. P.Have you gotten a full color card yet?C. A. DAUGHERTYuCfThe following'are the dates fixed forholding.the Kentucky fairs for 1912, astar as reported. Officers of fairs arerequested to report to us any omissionsor correction of dates.Mt. Sterling July 23, five days.Frankfort July 23, five days.Georgetown July 30, five days.Harrodsburg July 30, four days.Henderson July 30, four days.Lancaster July 30, three days.Berea August 1, three days.Taylorsville August 6, four days.Uniontcwn August 6, fi?e clays.Winchester August 7. four days.DanvilleAugust 7, three days.Mt. Vernon August 7. tnree days.Veisailles August 7, three days.Lexington Bluegiass Fair. August12, six davs.Fern Ceek August 13, lour days.Leitchfield August 13. four days.Vanceburg August 14, lour days.Brodhead August 14, three days.Hardinsburg August 20, three days.Shepherds ;ille August 2Vour days.Lawrenceburg August 20,four days.Cilambia August 20, four days.Erlanger August 21. four days.Eminence August 22, four days. -Stanford August 21, three days.Ewing August 22, thee days.Shelbvville August 27, four days.Hodgenville August 2, four davs.London August 27, three days.Nicholasville August 27, three days.Fulton August 28, four days.Germantown August 28, four days.Dover August 28, four days.Springfield August 28, four days.Florence August 28, four days.Franklin August 29, three days.Somerset September 4, four davs.Elizabetht iwn September 3, threedays.PARIS, September 3. five days.Tompkinsvihe Spetember 4, fourdajs.Barboursville September 4, threedays.bardstown September 4, four davs.Bowling Green September 4, fourdays.Sanders Tri-County Fair, September 4, four days.Monticello September 3, fcur days.Melbourne -Sentember 17, five days.Horse Cave September 18, fourdsys.Trains Arrive JfSo. FROM34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5.21 amLexington, Ky., Daily 4.34am29 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday , 7.35 am7 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.38 am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 am37 Cincinnati, O., DBily 9.50 am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 am12 Lexington, Ky,, Daily ; 10.15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 am26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 am25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pm138 Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pm38 Knoxville.. Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5.25 pm39 Cincinnati, O. , Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pm30 Lexington, Ky., Daily .6,03 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Excepc Sunday 6.03 am32 Jacksonville. Fla., Daily 6 05 pm31 Cincinnati, O. , Daily 10 :50 pmTrains IDe-pstrtCTo. TO34 Cincinnati. O. , Daily 5.28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am40 Cincinnati, O. , Daily Except Sunday 8.20 am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn. , Daily 9.55 am33 Jacksonville, Fla. , Daily 10.24 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10.27 am6 Maysville, K., Daily 12.05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 3.34 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.4n pm .9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , 5.52 pm39 Lexington, Ky. . Daily Except Sunday 5.5? pm32 Cincinnati, u., Daily . G.lv pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.15 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.25 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.55 pm13 -Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57 pIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trains -A.rrrveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky. , Daily Except Sunda .S.13 am.4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.4fr pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 nra162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10.00' pmTrains ZDepartNo. TO101 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only 6.20 am,7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday . -.7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday .' 9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky DailylExcept Sunday 5.52 amC3 sfEFS? 'JHiT2 tr""3?3 ZSTS3S.sj r f& 5 m ? k vSim 5WJ3 "fcr)u?;i SSL.Y M iS &j5pHiMLTBP&& Vma"HB8 sf-'-yraM,M JL-ilJQuick Detachableiincherf ROUND SHAPE rSII STRONG Mtetli RESILIENT feSftllilEasily Fits Any Quick Detachable RimNo Tools RequiredIN STOCK BY"kYERKES & PRICHARDCorner Fourth and Plea3tanfc-j? aw --f .i-A-. Vi?;,',- - r VV1t -V " JA ?"O (-.ifTHEB6URB0N NEWS; PARIS, KENTUCKY," ;JULY23f 19121 -;'xaFlat For Rent.A desirable 4-foom flat for rent onecond floor, over C. P. Cook's grocery,on Main street, between Seventh andEighth; bath room and other conven-ences. Possesssion at once. Apply toJ. T. HUnTON.Both Phones 36.nm w M"'w.mmmmmmwmmmmmmmmwmwCurtis Henry & Co.,Groceries, Drygoods, Presh and CuredMeats, Vegetables, Fruits, Etc.If it comes from Henry's it's all right,because they handle the best and freshestthe markets afford. Their store is clean, freefrom flies, and evrything is handled in a sanitary way. When you deal with them youget polite attention and prompt delivery, noextra charge for either.Gall either 'phone 442, and they, will beglad to serve you.CURTIS HENRY e CO.Cor. 14th and MainLmmt A. W. CottingharraTheUp-town Grocer, Who ReachesAH Parts of Town.A Few Hot W16-lbs. Granulated Sugar 1 .OOPure Hog Lard, 50 pound cans, per lb 1 4cHome-Grown Potatoes, per peck 35cFull N. Y. Cream Cheese, per lb 25cRoyal Baking Pawder, per lb 45cPickled Pork, per lb B...12l-2cSmoked Bacon, per lb 1 6cFresh Bolted Meal, per peck 30cQuart Can Boston Baked Beans 1 OcBest Coal Oil, per gal 1 5c, two gal. 25cTwo Cans Tomatoes 25cThree Cans Corn - 25cBest Gasoliue, per gal 20cFresh Vesfcates, Fresh Meats, EtcBoth 'Phoes T Quick Delivery? The Qp-Town Grocersioo"K . -- ' - -tfte ngrtcuiftrlj CapitalS 100,00.00iSurplus$67,500.00Rams For Sale.I have for sale pure bred SouthdownRams and Ewes that are extra good.A. S. THOMPSON.E. T- phone 192,J JLJiy i.-X?lI. coiucu;.iI,MM .4v .frk Ieather SpecialsWill start a Bank Account here andstart you on the road to Success..", - - "Bank of Paris.Protection$267,500.00IOrphans Win Out In The NinthInning.' Bow Paris lost to Mt. Sterling yesterday afternoon is very clear, butthe direct case will perhaps foreverremain a mystery. Boniosh willnever forget the lacing the Orphansgave his offering .in the fatal round,which snatched an apparent victoryfrom the big chief, and by grace of alenient score-keeper gave the visitorsfive earned tallies. Withal there wasno excuse for defeat and a deservedcriticism goes not amiss.Some are inclined to ;lay the blameupon "Plunk" Sweeney, a substituteumps, who held the indicator in thecontest, but the "hammer'1 is outbeating a deserved"tattoo" on the entire Bourbonite aggregation from thebat boy to the manager.With the Bourbonites leading by amargin of one run in the ninth, theOrphans were allowed to pile ud fiveruns. and carry off a game that shouldhave been annexed to the winningcolumn of the Paris aggregation. Allthrough the contest Bonisoh pitchedwinning ball, although greatly hanriicaped by slow fielding, which perhapsincreased the number of extra hits.In the ninth round something happened not to the discredit of Bonish whichchanced the complexion of the contest.To enumerate the number of playsthat were pulled in the final roundwould be impossible. Ten of theOrphans faced Boniosh in the last inning and through the kindness of thescoremen seven of the number wereregistered with hits. At any rate wecan not see cause to lay the blame upon Boniosh. The four defeats he hassuffered since joining the Paris clubshould have been victories and themajority of tne patrons of the gameagree in this opinion. If it is mismanagement or prejudice there should be aremedy and in either case it should be' applied without hesitancy to satisfv; the patrons of the game and helpbaseball., The trouble started when the umpire,failed to call Valandingham out on a(drive to Mollenkamp who allowed theJ runner to make first safely and afterbanroia naa nit ior tnree oases, iniswas the first of the series of hits afterwhich the Indian seemed to lose heartand handed the contest to the cellarchamps.Paris lost to Maysville in the secondgame of the series Friday by a score'of 4 to 0. Vance, who pitched fortheRivermen, was invincible, and held thelocals with apparent ease throuehoutthe contest, allowing but three hits.'Applegate pitched tor Paris and whileI the hits made off his delierv werevery few, his team mates behind himfielded loosely.j With Hauser on the mound Saturdayafternoon the last game of the seriesj went to Paris in an easv fashion. Thei loclas used thesticK very effectively onthe slants of Grover, the big leagueI prospecct, and connected with the ballI when hits meant runs. After thesixth inning Hauser eased up and didnot exert himself only m pinches.I The game bunday afternoon betweenj Paris and Richmond was postponed onJ account of. the heavy rain which felli about one o'clock, leaving the groundsj in a wet condition.NOTES.With Hicks out faf the "game witha bad ringer, Goodman has been pressed into service at the receiving endand during the last week caught fivegames. In spite of the fact that. hewas suffering intensely with an t injuryto his left hand sustained while slidingto albase in Mt. Sterling, Goodman didexteremely well behind the batfcand nottill another catcher was secured would. ; he quit the game. The Paris' manage-i merit nas signea oatcner tcnuitz, latepf the Mountain State League.The Paris team will have some toughgoing the remainder of the week, andwill play three double-headers, one ofwhich will be played on foreigngrounds and the remaining two athome. Following is the schedule forthe week :Tuesday Mt. Sterling at Paris.Wednesday Paris at Frankfort.Thursday Paris .at Richmond,games.Friday Paris at Richmond.Saturday Richmond at Paris,games.In the game Saturday afternoontwotwobe-tween Paris and Maysville. First Baseman Mollenkamp performed theunusual stunt of hitting the Bullmostrjurham sign in left field. The long blowcame in the seventh inning when Mollenkamp drove fhe sphere to thetobacco sign, and will receive for hisnains a check ior $50 from the American Tobacco Co. As the "Bull" signis located more than four hundred feetfrom tha stand it was impossible todistinguish whether or not the ballstruck it above the ground the required number of inches, but outfielderLangenham, of the Maysville club,made affidavit to the effect that theball struck the sign more than sixinches from the ground. During thethree years the "Bull" sign has beenonthe local grounds this is the firsttime it has been hit bv a batted ball ina championship game, although onseveral occasions many" have comevery ciose.Great Reduction.Ladies' lawn andlace and embroideryvalue3,at 98 cents.lingerie waists,trimmed, $1.50THE SIMON DEPT. STORE.Election ol Trustees In August.The .election of trustees for thei county schools will be held on Saturday, August 3, from one to five o'clockin the white school buildings in eacheducational division forthe subdistrictsas follows :Educational Division No. 1. Subdistricts Nos. 1 and 5, white ; Nos. 1and 5 colored.Educational Division No. 2. Subdistrict No. 5, white: Nos. 1, 2, 4 and5, colored.i Educational Division No. 3.. Subdistricts Nos. 2, 3. 4 and 6. white ; No.4 colored.Educational Division N". 4 Suh-i Schools. 10 per j:ent.and the Clintonvilledistricts Nos. 1. 3, and 4, white ; sub-! School with an increase of 9 ner cent.uiativiuia j.xus.1 unu o u cjureu.,i:4-. .:. -ni i ,j o i jEducational Districts No. 5. Subdistricts Nos. 1, 2. and 4, white ; Nos.1 and 2,fcolored.1 Educational Division No. 6. Subdistricts Nos. 1 2, 3, and 4. whitpjNos. 1. 2, 3,and 5, coloed.League Games Postponed.The Louisville Timessavs:, "TheFrankfoj:t-Mt. Sterling games of the'Eluegrass scheduled for July 26 and 27have been postponed to a later date.This-action was necessary when it wasfound that fair dates at both townson these days furnished a counter-attraction."President Neal returned to Louisville Friday from his third jumparound the'eircuie, and praise highlythe quality' of talent in'the thriving lit-,tie league this season. Everv town hevisited he found that scouts had beeninquiring for players, and, while a fewhave been sold, it is expected that, before the drafting season opens, theBluegrass.League will break all ClassD records in thisjine."Refrigerators.Get the new Iceberg Refrigerator.Sold by16-tfA. F. WHEELER & CO.Injured While Playing With RopeWhile playing with a rope attachedto a pUlley in a stable where her iathpv was engaged in hoisting hay to theloft, little Lucy Hall Ferguson, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. V. W. Ferguson,of near Centrville, was painfull!' hurt.The rope was drawn through her handwith such force fas to burn the fleshfrom a portion of it. Dr. Frank Fithian, who attended the'injured girl, wasfearful at first that amputation of twofingers Twould be necessary, but thehand is improving nicely.Cotton Skirts.Ladies' white cotton corduroy skirts,$2 values, at 98 cents.THE SIMON UEPT. STORE.Big Amounts Paid in Insurance.According to the computations of theInsurance Press the life insurance organizations of t' e United States andCanada distributed cluring the yearof 1911 a total of S592.640.000.The payments in the two countriesto beneficiaries for death claims, matured endowments and other benefitsunder the policies of level-premiumcompanies and the certificatesof various insurance oragnizations amountedto 3401,140,000. while the payments fordividends and for the surrender valuesto annitants and on claims in fnrp?rncountries amounted to S191,o00,000Pans is way un on the list of thetowns of the State of Kentucky, andduring the year of 1911 a total ofS34.000 was paid to the beneficiaries oflife insurance compahies in this city.Protect your growing tobacco with Hail Insurance.THOMAS & WOODFORD.$300,000 Will Be Paid Poolers.' According to A. L. Ferguson, in astatement made at Frankfort Saturday, the Burley tobacco poolers will inthe next ten days receive 10'per cent ofthe money due.them. which will leavea bp lance of 5 per cent coming to thepoolers, and that there is now about$300,000 due from the 1906 and 1907pools. Fifty per cent, of this has already been paid, 10 per cent, of whichis in Burley Society stock, which ispaying good dividends. The explanation was made by Mr. Ferguson, whois Vice President of the Society, tosatisfy the poolers of Franklin county,who made inquiry as to why the society had not paid the money to the poolers, and applies to growers from othercounties who are in the pool.Some Good Bargains.; Ladies' tailored skirts, S10 and $12. -lvalues, at 8G.8&.THE SIMON DEPT. STORE.Former ParisFan Losesfieavily inFire.As the result of a fire which startedabout 2 o'clock Saturday afternoon andwhich originated in his storeroom. Mr.Dunlap Howe, formerly of this city.suffered the loss ofahis entire stock ofgroceries in Carlisle. The fire spreadso rapidly that Mr. Howe was unableto save anything from his store.By hard work the fire deDartmentsucceeded in confining the flames tothe buildinc where it originated. ,Mr.Howe's less on his grocery stock willamount to about $2,00U, while the totalI loss on the building and goods is estimated to ne oetween 5-u.uuu and 5Y.UUU.For atime it was thought the firewould "result as seriously as thosewhich have visited that city recently,and several other business houses wereendangered. The origin of the fire isunknown. Mr. Howe formerly residedin Paris, where he was engaged in thehotel business, and is the father ofMr. Julian Howe, of ParKImprovement League PrizesAwarded.The prizes offered by the BourbonCounty School Improvement Leaguefor the greatest ner cent in increasedattendance of the schools of Bourboncojnty for 'the year of 1912 over the attendance of 1910 and 1911 have beenawardad from the reports of each ofthe schools filed with'the County SchoolSuperintendent, Miss Mabel Robbins.The report shows a substantial increasein many of the schools over last yearand the five prizes offeredjwere awarded as follows :First Prize. Monterey School, Mrs.Alma Pry or, teacher, 26 per cent increase, books to the value of S25.Second Prize Stonv Point School.Miss Bedford Martin, teacher, 23 percent increase, &0 in'books.Third Prized Jacksonville School,Miss Jcnn;e filler, teacher, 19 percent increase, $15 inbooks.Fourth Frizi Ford's Mill School,Miss Bessie Talbott,' teacher, 16 nercent increase, 10 in books.Fifth Prize Cunningham School.iss Sadie Clark, teacher, 15 percent, increase, so in tooks.Other schools which show an increased attendance over last year wereClay's Cross Rpads Sohool, 14 per cent..increase; Jiiserton -and Bethrehnm. :FOR SALE.J.Corn.ALEXANDER, JE. T. Phone 135."1-t,v ' SHAWHAK ' 'News of the death of Mr. George H.Shawhan, which occurred in LoneJack, Mo., has (been 'received in thiscity. Mr. Shawhan ,was formerly "SfBourbon county, and has foe a numberof years been idenlified'with thetobacco and liquor interests of Missouri.Mr. Shawhan was horn in Bourboncounty in 1843, and was a son of thelate Dan and Minerva Shawhan. Hiseaily life was spent on the farm of hisfather, near Shawhan station, and hewas identified with the distillery interests of his father.At the outbreak of the civil war heenlisted in a company formed by Capt.Harry Bedford, ofBourbon county, andserved under Gen. John H. Morganuntil caDtured during the raid of thefamous cavalry leader through Ohio.He waa married to Miss Mollie Tat-man, oi bnawnan, wno, witn severalchildren survive. Mr. Shawhan hadbeen a prominent business man. ofLone Jack,fMo, during the number ofvears of his residence therePAYNE.Mrs. Suzanna Payne, aged 68PEATHS.years, died at the home of her daugh- j 11 o'clock a. m., onter, Mrs. Arche Payne, on Winchesterstreet in this city, Sunday afternoon ! MAN ft A V A MINT 5at one o'clock. Mrs. Pavne was.AIAVHUai, iiUUUJi O,formerly of Park's Hill, Nicholascountv, and has been a sufferer formany'years from rheumatism, whichnno ho Hfropt rnnco nf hpr rfonthShe is survived by her husband andnine children, all of whom are grown.Rev. E. M. Lightfoot . conducted thefuneral services at the home of Mrs.Crawford yesterday Tmorning and thebody was laken to Carlisle yesterdayat noon for interment in the CarlisleppmpfprvALrMEYER.Mr. George Altmeyer, formerly ofParis, died at his home in Rushville,Indiana, early Thursday morning aftera protracted illness. He was a cigartuaker by trade and is survived by hiswife, six sisters and one brother, asfollows: Mrs. Frank Devine; Mrs.Frank Burgoyne, Miss Maggie Alt -""-'"I """ L' " J1,I1ICJI-1, KJJ. ,ttiuicjt1 'jiiii iiir i ii n i&ir m ciwut" niMnysville ; and Mrs. Albert Huff, ofHuntingtou, W. Va. Several year3 agoMr. Altmeyer conducted a cigar fac-!tory in this city.HARRIS.Mr. R. C. Harris.of North Middletown, aged 63 years, died at his homeafter a protracted illness. He is survived by his wife, two children andthree sisters, Mrs. KJohn Sweenev, ofNorth Middletcwn ; Mrs. Amanda Gorham, of Louisville ; and Mrs. AvlinaWinston, of Paris. Mr. Harris wasalso a brother of Mrs. C. H.tLowe, ofWincliester. 'Uie tuneral servicesWere held m the lNorth MlddletOWncemetery, conducted by Rev. J. W.Lis011-Bargains in Corsets.One lot'of broken sizes of Warner'sRustproof Corsets, regular $1.50, S2and 52.50 values, to be closed out at 9Scents.' THE SIMON DEPT. STORE.MATRIMONIAL.WEEKS BAMBERG.Mr. George Davis Weeks and MissFannie Bamberg were united in marriage Thursday afternoon at 5:30 o'clockin Fort Scott, Kansas, at the home ofthe Dride's aunt, Mrs J C Gilbert, Rev.Smith, of the Presbyterian church,officiating. This announcement cameas a distinct surprise to the Parisfriends of the younc couple,Mr. Weeks left Paris Thursday morning for a trio to Fort Worth, but kepthis Dlans secret. He is yard clerk forthe Louisville & Nashville railroadljandisthe.ronly child of Mrs. Nellie DavisWeeks, and a grandson of Mr. Geo. W.Davis.The bride was for several years astudent at the Bourbon Female College, and while here she met Mr.Weeks, when a strong attatchmentwasformed, resulting in the happv culmination last Thursday.The couple returned to Paris Fridaynight and will reside at the home ofMr. Geo. W. Davis, on High street.Not in Paris, of Course!1 The Cincinnati Enuirer yesterdayjhad the folowing:" "Bobby Quinn, the(comDetent and cheerful Secretary ofthe Columbus Club, was a visitor.'coming from tne Blue Grass, where he hastWSSSt'iZS i e.bSed and his hand in his pocketbook,-c i,ki.these days. 'In one town down there'said he, 'there was a pitcher with ahinkv-dink motion, fa little fellow whowouldn't be worth 10 cents to a ClassA eltiD. I was setting in the stand,watching another fellow work, whenthe President of the club slided up tome and asked who I liked certain players on the team. I replied as politelyas I ocuid and he finally got around tothe pitcher, who happened to win thegame, through no fault of his own. Isaidl he looked pretty good, nreferringto tell a story than to knock the fellow. Then the cub power -told me alot of big Jeacue peoDle were" afterhim but he would let me have him forS600. I told him to let him go to oneof the big .leagues, and the next daythe pitcher was released unconditionajly. That's what vou're uo againstall the time in some of these minorkagues were ihry are trying to sellplayers to make both ends meet."Caution For Automobiles.Many complaints have been jna.deconcerning the fast driving of automobiles, which is being so generally nracticed within the city limits. Ld'esireto call'the attention of all owners anddrivers of motor cars to the city ordinance which prohibits driving fasterthan eight miles per hour on straightstreet and five miles per hour in 'turning corners.The police will beinstructpd tonros-Jecute all violators ot the ordinance.Take warning'and act accordingly.' ' 'J: Tl. HINION.Mayor.Master Commissioner'sSALE-OF-FARM!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Robt. H. Wilson and Isaac Wilson,Plaintiffs.Vs. Notice of Sale.Sallie C. Corbin, Etc., - DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgmentof the Bourbon Circuit Court, rendered in the above styled action, at theJune, 1912, term, the undersignedSpecial Commissioner of the BonrbonCircuit Court, will sell at public auct-i ion to the highest and best bidderat! the court house door, in the cit.' Paris, Kentucky, at about the hI th following described prope' Tht certain tract of land inbon County, Kentucky, on theif nd Inms turnPike aDOa &.eYen lelI from the city of Paris,con taming about118 acres, known as the Corbin farm,About 30 acres thereof being on thenortheast side of said turnpike andthe remainder on the opposite sidethereof. Said land is adjoining theSteele heirs on the north and Steeleneirs ana doiin d. iriper ana u. j.Smedley on the east side : John J.Piper and Mrs. Agnes Jacoby on thewest side, and beingthe same tract ofland conveyed by Tazwell Marr andT. K. and B. B. Marsh, in trust ofRachel Corbin and her children bydeed of record in the office of thelotlr -f Rnnflinn Pnntifw frtn-nf i-nDeefl Book 44 pj SaM sale being made to satisfy a- - ' . . . .vjudgment of Robert H. Wilson againstthe defendants, Sallie C. Corbin andMattie Corbin, for the sum of S4,000.00. with 6 nr nent. interest thm'onfrom the 19 th day of March, 1910, unj til paid, and for the farther judgmentj of Isaac W. "Wilson against the saidj defendants for the sum of 2,000.00,with G per cent interest from the 19thday of March, 1910, until paid, and' the additional sum of 157.10 courtj costs.I Said sale will be made upon the1 credits of six, twelve and eighteenmonths for equal parts of the.purchasai money, the purchaser being requiredto execute bond for equal installmentsm thp TmrphasP nrinp wifh rmnrt 5P-curity, to be approved by said MasterCommissioner. Davable to said Commissioner, and bearing interest at therate of 6 per cent, per annum fromdate until paid, and to retain a lienupon the property until fully paid,and to have force and effect of ajudgment.c a. McMillan,M. C. of the B. C. C.David Thornton, Atty.M. F. Kenney, Auct. j 19-26 a 2PRIVATOF-DESiRABLE,I offer for sale privately two very. desirable pieces of residence propertylocated on Mt. Airy Avenue.One, a modern two-story brickstructure, with slate roof, in one ofthe best residence localities in ParisThe other, a modern and up-to-dateframe cottage, adjoining residenceBoth pieces of property are conveniently arranged and contain all themodern appurtenances necessary in acomfortable home.Those interested 'are invited to callon me and I will make the price satisfactory. BUSINESS PROPERTY.I also have for sale two centrallylocated pieces of business property onMain street. This property is acrossthe street from the Fordham Hotel,and is suitabhr located for a hotel or! b f- p??sf unicim BIU1B luums. mm uesiraoieflatsThose interested are invited to callon me and I will make the price satisfactory. MRS. MARY Jl. PATOX,I9jy-2t Paris, Ky.amt uavi$ !9IH Insurant HgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best PayingCompanies., Give Old "Nub"ta Call.2 Helios 127'1JTobacco Farmers, OpportunityVery productive and fertile Tobaccolands, free from stonef, excellentwater, cljmatic and healtjy conditions;with finest automobile roads in theSouth. .Near city of fifteen thousandpeople. An extra inducement to encourage tobacco raising. J We will sellthese lands in tracts of J eighty acres ,up.. at from 112.00 . to $20.j00 per acre,payable ten per cent cash and tenyears on Tbalance if necessary, withsix per cent interest on deferred pavinents. .Address IBATCHES DISTEICT DEVELOPMENT LEAGUE; Natctiez, Miss.(12jy-lm ) . xfAWttjil,ESALE., .',,-,m x mST MtefttE BOURBON NEWS.SZrfiSsy .- . i i.iMSMMrjr-wrrL .'js7.: wslAffifTfT&estfrtSiz,ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGMattings Rugs.Another lot of 9 feet by 12Reversible Matting Rugs. $3.45.3 feet by 6 feet, 45 cents.Also 11 feet S inches by 9feetfeet,Rugs,stenciled on one side. MattingOn sale now.12jy-tf. J. T. HINTON.Agent Sells Land.Ju ere Denis Dundon, as aeent forEavri"' Johnson, colored, sold tn Mr iLeeCo. Eli-h-h. w 7jaiiu uMi Lctij&, uuniaming in anIQWH V-in-n UnIr. . . !oav isiic acres, lying on tneueorgc-yiKe, ior $z,ouu.At Cost.ummer goods at cost atTHE SIMON DEPT. STORE.At Cost.and childrensOxfords atFELD'S SHOE STORE.Small Wreck.A car on Northbound freight N 92jumped the track about one-half milesouth of Elkin, Saturday night, causing a delay of traffic for about sixhours, until the wreckage could becleared. No one was hurtRefrigerators.New iceberg Refrigerators $6.75to $25.00.16-tf A. F. WHEELER & COupEmbroideries.Embroideries, 10c, 12 1-2 c. and 15c.qualities, at 7 l-2c. Der yard.THE &IMONDEPT. STORE.Buys Residence Here.Mrs. Kate Kinder, of Paris, purchased from Allen B. Kinder, of Hamilton county, Ind., and the neirs of thelate Hezekiah Kinder, their interest ina residence located in East Paris. Theprice paid was private.Newest Style.Washrag hats, the newest style, atTHE SIMON DEPT. STOREPeaches For Preserving.If you want peaches for preservingcall 207. We have the price. ,C. P. COOK & CO. lThree Take ExaminationAn examination for county schoolcertificates was held as the court houseby Prof. E. M. Uostello and CountySuperintendent Miss Mabel Robbins.The iollowing took the examination :Misses Jennie Howard, Bertha Smart,Eourbon county, and Miss Evans, ofMt. Sterling.At Almost Hall.$7.50 linen coats at $3.98 atTHE SIMON DEPT. STORE.To Close Out Line.Fifty pairs of soiled lace curtains tobe closed out very chean.1HE SIMON DEPT. STORENotice to Applicants to HamiltonFund.All applicants for the Hamiltonh'linri Will rrippf: thp Pnmmicoinnorc nfthe court house at 9 a. m. Saturday.July 27. Applicants will please bringwun tnem tneir jast year's scnool reports, and those who have taKen theexamination for county diplomas, willbring their grades.MRS. R. B. HUTCHCRAFT,MRS. W. D. MclNTYRE,MRS. JOHN CONN ELL.Ribbons Reduced.Fiftv rbolts of ribbon, fancy andplain. 35 cents to 50 cents Qualitiesreduced to 21 cents rtr yard.THE SIMON DEPT. STORE.Refrigerators; Lawn and PorchFurniture.See my immense stock of refrigerators ; everv size and of best makes.My assortment of lawn porch furniture is unequaled.A splendid line ot rugs, carpels andwall paper to select from.Gall and lock them o er. Pricesmost reasonable.J. T: HINION.Heavy Fine Placed on Negro.Jim Bayless, colored, was in policecourt Frid2v on a charge of the breachor une peace ana was assessea a nnefit fcOU and COStS Dy Judge January, iBayless has in the past sevpral monthsbeen in court on similar charges andas it is the desire of the authorities torid the'eommmunity of ail objectionable characters, a heavy fine was placed onjthenegro. whose offending disposition has cost him several dollars inthe city court.Good Values.Ladies' gingham house dresses, assorted colors. $1.50 values, at 9S cents.THE SIMON DLPT. STORE.Will Enforce Speed Ordinance.The law reculating the speed ofautomobiles in the city of Paris will inthe future be more JgidlV enforced,and fast-driving autoists will suffer asa result of the order of Mayor J. T.Hinton, who directs the arrest 'andprosecution of violators of the cityordinance. The driving of cars at arate in excess of eight miles an houris nrohibited by a city ordinance, butrecently complaints have been numerous as concerning fast driving within,the city limits.Lingerie Dresses!Lingeries-dresses, S8, 'S10 and$12valueslues,t$U,S$.THE SIMON BEPT. STORE.Crimwjm' miWtf.THE.PERSONAL MENTION.-r-Dr. Louis-, Frank,, of. Louisville,as 3 victor ip aris Sunday.m Mr. Emmett O'Neal, of Louisville,is the guest of Mr. Holt Daniel.Mrs. T. P, Valandingham and son,Gibson, of Owenton, are visiting Mrs.C. J. McLear.n ?on. G. R. Keller, 'editor of theCarlisle Mercury, was a visitor inFans yesterday.Mrs. Mary Fithian Hutchcraff isthe guest of Miss Mary Leonard Cassell, in Lexington.u"Mrs J M- Cooper, of this city, isthe guest of her sister, Mrs. W. W.Spencer, in Lexington.Miss Mary Grannan, of Cincinnati,is the guest of her mother, Mrs. AnnaGrannan, on Main street. i-uTT,1' ana wrs. AdcockTt r . .1 - ..and iI ---.and Mrs. J.. .u..w. -. viaiLiiiii nri I ii 1 i-mi IMr.W. Woodwardin Winches-terMrs. Huch Yancev has returned 'toner home in Mayslick. after a visit toher sister, Mrs. Aibert Hinton. in thiscity.Mr. and Mrs. Ed Myers and littleson, Palmer, of this city, are guestsof Mr. and Mrs. J. Will Sharp, inSharpsburg.Miss Helen Greenholt, of Baltimore, Md., is here with her uncle andaunt, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Fuhrman, tospend the summer.Mrs. Thomas Hill and son, whohave been the guests of Mr. and Mrs.Jos. Rion, in this city, have returnedto their home in DeWitt, Ark.Mrs. Robert Winn, of Frankfortis the guest of her parents,Mrs. Jesse Turnev. nearlur. anathlS City.Judge Winn arrived" Sunday to spend aiiev; aavsMrs. J.W. Ferguson and mother,Mrs. Henry Pigg. o near this city,are the guests of Mr. and Mrs. W. T.Wilkerson, at their cottage at Olymoian Springs.Mrs. Schur and daughteis. MissesFreda and Emma Schur, and Mr. and !Mrs. Keuben Goldstein and son Elmer,of Cincinnati, are the guests of Mr.and Mrs. Harry Simon.Misses Margaret "and Sallie Comack, after a pleasant a pleasant visitto Sprincrfield, Mo., St. Louis and Cincinnati, with relatives, have returnedto their home in this citv.Mr. Edward Faries left Thursdayto accept a position in a .roller millsplant at Middletown, Ohio. His parents, Dr. and Mrs. F. M. Faries, ar1visiting friends in that city.Mihses Edith and Margaret Shiveleft Saturday for a vist to Misses Elzabeth and Katherine Buckner andLouise Sanders, at Campbellsville. andMiss Sarah Sanders, at Lebanon.Mr. F. H. Appleby, of Pulaski,Tenn., visited his sister, Mrs. B. M.Shive, Thursday and Friday. Fromhere he'went to Hamilton, Canada, andother points in the East for a visit.Master John T. Bower, Jr., ofBerea, is the guest of his father. Mr.j J. A. Bower. He was accompanied bvj Miss Hattie Wilson, of the Berea Colj lege Hospital, where Master Bower istemporarilv residing.i Mr. C. J. McLear continues criti-iSL i apartments in tnejRobneel building, ana all hopes for his j1I.. 11 t i.- j ,. Irecovery have been abandoned. Heisjofthe Christian church of., i Tu 1- v T " ,iulllie onrisiian cnurcn oilunder the continual care of skilled j Was launched yesterday morriphvsicians and nurses, but his death is i nr Thnc r M.fn.fnm. 'expected at anv time.Mr. and Mrs. P. Nippert have astheir guests Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Nippert, and daughters, Misses HelenT-MlTtllir. r.- T?vonnAn n.wl .am TV T u XIT-."Jiiia ciuu riam.ca anu auu, 1UI. XNIJJ-jpert, of AiJington Heights, O.. andWls. Morgan Downs andLucas, of Lexington.Miss BirdieMrs. Nellie Highland entertainedabout forty young Deople Friday evening in compliment to her nephew,Master Thornton Ellis, of Boston. Thehappy hours were spent in playinggames anddelicious refreshmentswere served.The guests were: Thornton Ellis,Frances Dudley, Eleanor Swanco,Josephine Fithian, Emily Fithian,Nancy Wilson, Billy Wilson, WilliamHinton, Noah Soears, Rebecca HillPumell, Henry Clav, MaryE. Clay, iVirginia Dundon, Chas.Kenney. ,I Frances Kenney, Billy Kenney, DorothyHarris, Frances Harris, Edith Harris,Jene Harris, Ann Harris. Ann R. Dun-can, Katherine Dnncan,Nannett Arkle,i Hugh Scott, Ed Drane Paton, Joseph'R.Hill. Ray Clarke, Mary H. May,Josephine Lapsley. Elizabeth Doty.I jt Mrs. Carl'Wilmoth entertained her 'bridge club Thursday afternoon at her Ihome on Houston avenue. After a jnumber of interesting games at auction bridtre. dainty refreshments ofsalad, sandwiches, cheese balls andpineapple ice ,were servpd in the dining room, which was softlv lighted,and tne table was attractively deco-rated with a centerpiece of whitectcppI: np.ns nrranfrpd in n hmc! hacVofthe handle of which was ornamentedwith a pink ribbon bow. The follow-ing club members and guests were,present: Misses Rachel Wiggins,"Nancy Grimth. Martha Ferguson, Elizabeth Steele, Clara B. Oneil, AllenePower, Ruth Myall. Mary FithianHutchcraft and Elizabeth Jasper.Mesdames John Davis, Ray Taylor,W lliam B. Ardry. Virgil Gaitskill,Withers Davis. White Varden, LynnMoore, Carl Wilmoth and RobertGoggin.Miss Sallie Daniel entertained ather country home, "New Forest,"near this city. Thursday, with anele-lgant dinner in comDliment to Mrs. Lenox Rose, of New York, the guest ofMrs. Sidney G. Clay. The house wasattractively decorated with a Drofusionof garden fiowers.and tbe dining tablehad for a centerpiecs a gilt basket filled with white phlox and foliage with abow of .white tulle on the high Jiandle.The color scheme, green and white,was carried out in every detail. Whitecandles in crystal candlesticks, hoodedwith green and white Ehades. illuminated the beautifully appointed table,while daihty catds indicated the placesof the guests! .'A delicious5 six-coursedinner ;was served, and covers wereI id for twelve: Those.present were:Mrs. Rose, Mr.- W, C. v Massie. Hon.BO &BQN jiEWSt' PARIS;' ,,KENTUGKVf,JuLY23tll2..and Mrs. Sidney G. Clay, Miss RuthMyall, Liberty Mo. Mr. Emmettan Mr. Wm. H. Whajey, Jr.fMiss Lillian Dejarnett has returnedfrom a visit to Mt. Sterling. ,s 'Mrs. McSane, of LittIe R0Ck,Ark.,e guest of her nephew,Hon. E. M.Dickson.Hon. E. M. Dickson left yesterdaymorning for a business trip to Indian-aDolis, Ind.Mrs. George W. Wilder entertained last night ior her neice, MissHelen Long, of Frankfort.Mr. H. M.Campbell, left Saturdaynight for Atlantic City and otherpoints m the .East.Mrs. W. S. Judy, and son, havereturned, from an extended visit torelatives in Kansas.Col. Geo. W. Cain, and dann-htfirs.of Lexington, were guests of Mr. andMis. J. D. Butler. They were accompanied home by Miss Helen Morrison.Dr. W. C. Usserv and Messrs.Switt Ghamp and Louis Taylor motoredto Cincinnati Sunday where they werethe guests of Mrs. Ussery and MissMartha Waller.Mr. and Mrs. John Davis, Mr. andMrs. Withers Davis an little ddaughter,Anne Jouett, motored to GeorgetownSunday and were the guests of Mr. andMrs. Henry Craig.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Scott, ofSmithsville, Mo., accompanied byMrs.Cassie Gaines are making an extensivetour of the Blue Grass and are theguests ofMr. and Mrs. G. C. Thompson. Miss Margaret and Helen Morrison and Master John Morrison, ofC.hnvlpsfrm W Vn nrMMtrorl HViVlo-.r: - .., ... .v.., a.t.A.1 v-u iimuyto spend the summer with theirgrand- parents, Mr. and Mis. J. D.Butler.Among those who attenden courtat Winchester yesterday were Messrs.A. S. Thompson, J. Simms Wilson,of Paris, Thomas L. Marsh nil. nfj Millersburg and Steve Trabue, ofouawiian.Mr. Lem Offutt, of Scott county,formerly of Bourbon, was a visitor in' Paris Friday. Mr. Offutt, who is 83years old, is enioying the best ofj health and in spite ot his advanced! afTP. IS f-PPPflii1orlv lnHra TMe iitqohis first visit to Paris in several yearsout ne recognized many of his old acquaintances. Miss Locille PricQ will leave thismorning for Cincinnati where in company with Miss Jeanette Herrmanshe will go to Terre Haute, Ind., tojoin Mr. and Mrs. Herz and togetherwill make a two weeks trip throughluicnigan and Wisconsin, coinerin Mr. Herz's automobile. The partvwin spend two weeks in Ottawa,Canada, when they will return homewith the exception of Miss Price whowTill go to Chicago to spend severalmonths with Mrs. William Lilianfield.Lingerie Dresses.Lingerie dresses, $8, $10 audvalueh, at 54.9STHE SIMON DEPT. STORE.RELIGIOUS.A new departure in Sunday schoolmofhnrle in Pnvio niUinU Jr. .-..4-,J t""""J" ' -- uiiii rrinij jo CAUCUieil LUresult in a large increase in themembership of the Men's Bible Ci-.csDr. Thos. B. McCartnev.hiransyJvania University, t'--'nwork as teacher of the cLzs.McCartney will come to Paris eSunday morning from Lexington.I ability and scholarship assures a mostinteresting presentation of the courseof study.Lingerie Dresses.Lingerie Dresses, $8, 10 . andvalues, at m.v8.THE SIMON DEPT. STORE.Fast Driving ofAutos ProhioitedIf! annfhflvVnllimn nnrlati ,-irm. nrlimv Itisements. anDears a nntinn. "Cnntinn... ..uiu.ii,,, uuuvi liGYV UUVCI.-for Automobiles," in which Mayor J.T. Hinton calls attention to complaintsmade concerning fast driving withinthe city limits. He directs notice tottle Clty ordinance prohibiting drivingmaster tnan eient miles per hour, etcand warns that violators will be prosecuted. Read the ad. Sk"For Sale.Kitchen Cabinets $9.50 up to 27.50.16-tf. A. F. WHEELER & CO.Years9ExperienceWith a reputation based upontwenty-five years of successfulbanking experience theThe Bourbon BankTrust Co.Paris, Kentucky,andhas amended its charter so as tobe able to. act as Kxecutor or Administrator of Estates-as Guardianor Trusteeandany other' fiduciarycapacity.With ample capital and surplusand long experience, its TrustDepartment is eminently qualifiedto render efficient service. .IBourbon Bank 4 TrustParis, Ky.Co.,Capital and Surplus $146,000.003 per cent, paid on Time DepositsO Neal, Louisville, Miss.Alice RogersCla,Mr. Holt Daniels, JVIr. ana" Mrs.Woodford Daniel. Mian Snllin nnniplImproving from Wound.Reports fromMiss Mary Lou Rice,,,.-.... ,. Mt, .U xTxto. uuuu jRiue.iormerly of this fcitv, who was acci-deiltallv Shnt; at hov .hnma in Ploxn.U)J., are to the effect that she is rapidly recovering from the effeots of herinjuries, at a hospital in Pueblo andunless complications arise her complete recovery is assured. The accident occurred when Miss Rice and heryounger sister MissMineva, were loading a rifle, the weapon being accidentally discharged the bu'Iet entering herUK"" aiue. it was nrsc tnought theh?U uS lady was seriousJy injured, butthe bullet was removed and she wasconsidered out of danger when hermother, who was visiting in Faris, arrived home.Immense Line oi Wall Paper.Call at my store and pick from thelarge new stock of wall paper justwhat vou need and have it nut on yourwalls. Experienced decorators areready to do vour work.J. T. HINTON.Comp8et:e Line ofFlasfaSaghfcs andSgjppSges . . .and now i'SneAeA fcneixney vsas -anio)ff o-ao-u uroiiJLcll 'r rit. .ot-Mj.Ifc wr;iiii "IWIIRHFRTYgljumbfr 9mh Ligi Iretteries BKV '' ft Api I Fee's Grocery Co. IJHl&W$12 m&m m. maKlBB1 II 1II1 .' i "I fa . QSMBHlMfeH ' 1 " 11 m- 7a lA- &7zkzz i-c-l pji mm. WmJ iMrt 1 91aJH ' i Wcy V-i "" ' itt' i i-Z-1 ;' 1 l M, Sear flmy.'-m v c7Vc Iiisi. Jjoxtahi. me a neur kiehen caJinei:, Wtjm ' and now i'xS j-VL&i. xin o ae a dinner ready, a? ' V-g , ' neiefi knew urha a convenience a kichen ea&L ''fl ney vsas uni o? ao mine. . ,'" ' HI7IB Vi .I t v , N r b ' ' i it mas w: w Tiicker' ;;.- . . - -f r LAll Summer Goods NowOn Sale at Greatly Reduced Prices. ."..a9 -jgYEdtBBtllltlt !Fee's10 lbs. Standard Granulated8 Bars Lenox SoapThree 5c Boxes MatchesMason Pint Jars, per dozenMason Quart Jars, per dozenStone's Silver Sliced Cakes .,?j -'iroxLant me a neurv tJ.xiAtirha a convenienceao mine.Kaven XroiiaKt one uef, XjjIr ido so a once, yoi'l Aaise eno-aahwaAte, in xt-sr a few months, to pavj.oA i; and i -will Aave yo"" hixndAedi of AepseveAy clay. & Mfo-aldn' ake anh.ina foA mine.&arru John ixS aein JbeeA.Qj' yToiA bd iAiend,ir JLoxl. - ...(P. S.chey have &f)endid kihnn reairineifxtere .dJba-uah mine. tc9 ao i from ' 'i 5-J.'T. Hinton'-i. SIii"&1 -ir.TLf TTucker!SpecialSugar. . .w: . ....$ 1 .OO25c' i Oc, . 4Sc, . 58c.. ..:... 1 Oc'-.1 '-i ' r' ,alx. meanA,fAom hhinas'iit "1 j w r' Ijim 'iiiAW! rf- et"i,i- C MP'V , g H4 .iV tTHE BOURBONNEWS PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 23, 1912' ,vfAUCTION SALE-OF-City Lois end Cottages.I will offer at a public sale on thepremises in the city of Paris, Ky., onThursday, August 8, 1912,at 10 o'clock a. m., the following cottages and building lots all fronting onMarshall street in Paris, Ky:Three cottages on allot 50x81 feetfronting on Marshall street.One lot 50x84 feet fronting on Marshall streetOne cottage, good cellar, cistern atdoor, with front and back porches, onlot 50x84 fronting on Marshall street.One lot 50x8i feet fronting on Marshall street.The huildincs are all in first classrepair and are in a very desirable lo-cality. Close to public schools and ,churches. Good streets ana pavements. The property will be offered seperately and then as a whole and thehighest and best bid accented.TERMS One-half cash with deferred payment in one year with interest at the rate of 6 per cent, perannum, or purchaser may pay allcash. MRS. LUCY J. D4WS0N.(9 jy 9t)EVUIITEnrFIGHT ON TURKEY PARASITESYoungsters Must Be Protected FromExcessive Heat and Dampness,Says Government Bulletin.EXCURSIONParis, Ky., toCincinnatiO.,And f Return.SUNDAY, JULY 28, 1912,Fare $1.50 And Return.Excursion Train leaves 7thStreet Station Returning to Parisat 7 p. in.Tickets good londay of sal. e yFor further information, call on orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.A gold bracelet, between Tucker'sstore on Main street and Eight streetto High. Finder return to undersigned and get rpward.MISS MARTHA MYNES,1022 High St.No kind of young poultry is so susceptible to the effects of unfavorableconditions as the young turkey. Theymust be carefully protected from theattacks of parasites, and from excessive heat and dampness, says a government bulletin, until they havegained sufficient strength and size towander away with the parent turkeys and care for themselves on therange.The chief danger from lice andmites attacks to the poults is directly after the poults are hatched, butthe best remedy is to deal with thehen. before the young are hatched.The plumage of the hen should bedusted with insect powder, and closedown to the skin from head to hockjoint, being careful not to get it intothe eyes. This should be done atleast twice a week until two or threedays before hatching.The most careful attentions shouldbe given to this. Never use lime orsulphur for this purpose. Nothing isbetter than some Insect powder, if itdoes not contain ingredients that areinjurious to the eyes.It may often occur, however, thatthe hen will not have been properlytreated, and also the lice and miteswill be found on the young, and inorder that the poults may live andthrive, they must be freed of theesenemies. As soon as the young areready to leave the nest they must beexamined carefully for lice, whichmay be on the top of the head, underthe throat or about the wings orvent. Some of them are gray in colorand difficult to see.They may be destroyed by the useof sweet oil, rubbing a small amountupon the head and throat; insect powder is sufficient for the other partsof the body. It is very importantthat only a small amount of the sweetoil be used, as too much is injurious.Kerosene should never be used todestroy parasites.Wanted.To get in touch immediately with ayoung man, coilsge student preferred,in connection with Four States Tourpublicity. Here's work for all summerif you want it. Address, statingqualifications, ALLEN S. MOODY,224 Saks B'l'd'g. Indianapolis, Ind.DR. DOLLE'SMESSAGE TOYOU CAN BE CURED BYMENINcIS"czNNA.DE. C. L. DOLLE. K"Why Take Treatment That Is Doing Ton5fo Good, When n. Few Days under the careof Dr. Dolle "Will Show ou How Easy ItIs to Cure These Diseases "When the ProperTreatment Is Administered.Have you treated for months and years, andbeen disappointed until you think that you cannot be cured ? You, no doubt, all this time havebeen treated by inexperienced doctors -who hadneither sufficient knowledge nor experience toknow ho7 to cure you.These are the diseases of which I havecured so many, justly giving me the reputation for cures of which I am so proud.Blood Diseases, Skin DiseasesI will give you treatment that will in a fewdays cure all rash, spots and every sign andsymptom. My treatment gets the poison out ofthe system instead of driving it in like ordinarytreatments. I cure blood diseases and skin disease so they cannot come back..Varicocele, causing aching or pain ingroin or back, Nervousness, "Weakness,Los3 of Vitality, Lack of Ambition3Iy one-treatment cure is what you shouldhave and what you w.ill have to have to be curedright. Only one visit is required. I do no cutting and you suffer no pain nor trouble. Allsigns disappear in a few daysNervous Troubles, Lost VitalityMy combined treatment for thece troubles sooommon)among those who have become weak andwornout, who have caused it by folly, dissipationand excesses, is remarkably good. No one believeshow quickly it benefits until they have taken it.It overcomes weakness, nervousness, pain inback, lack of energy, ambition and strength it'sjust the treatment I have found so effective mtreating such diseases.Kidney and Bladder Troublesaxe scientifically cured by me. My methods immediately benefit you, and the majority of casesI cure come from physicians and specialists whoSailed.Pile Picflllflf I can cure you sori,ra riMUldC quickly and easilythat you will be surprised. I will give you justthe result and cure you are looking for withouta surgical operation.Acute Diseases JffiJ&SySSlremedies seldom cure. My treatment stops everysymptom and cures in a few days. It is scientificthat's the only sure way to be cured so it willnot come back.Yo caa take my Treatment -without aeat mad pay me after I cure you. I knowthat I can give you new life, new hope, and canrestore you back to health and happiness. Iksow that every man will pay after I have eliminated every trace of disease from his system.Microscopical and analytical urinalysis FREE.I have writeen a book that ought to be in theto of every suffering man in this country. Iwffl Mad you a copy, free, if you will write me atmc the disease for wh Jch you desire treatement,Vetuc, 9 to 4: Sundays, 9 to 1 p. m. Evenings,T 1 S.oq Monday, Wed nesdav and Saturday nightsC. L. DOLLE, M. D.Owe Columbia Theater 525 Walnut St, betweenFifth and Sixth Streets.OttMy to find, as all that is necessary is toaier the Celwabia Theater, and any one can'jem. tfcfe.ODD WAY FOR DATING EGGSRubber Stamp Held in Place in Palmof Hand Performs the Operation Type Removable.A Minnesota man has patented aningenious device for putting the dateon eggs. It consists of a rubberstamp of removable type which, fitsDating Eggs.into apertures in the palm of a glovelive cover which is strapped aroundpalm of the hand. As each egg ispicked out of the nest the date is imprinted upon it, and there is no necessity to going all over the day's "crop"after they have been collected. Thetype, of course, is inked from time totime.Remedy for Diarrhoea."When simple remedies fail to correct diarrhoea in birds, give the following: Subnitrate of bismuth, one tofour grains twice each day, or pulverized cinnamon bark, two grains twiceeach day. The soft feed given thebird should be dry or as nearly dry aspossible. In case the trouble ischecked too abruptly, give from 20 to30 grains of salts in a tablespoonfulof water. One or two grains of calomel in soft water is also a good corrective.DOEWNOIK! Feed drv feeds Tin mns'heaFor the first feeds use plenty ofdry oatmeal.Now is the best time to try yourbreeding stock.Chills, wet food and lack of sunshine are the main causes of boweltrouble in chicks."Where the dropping boards aremade of matched lumber the job ofcleaning them is easier.This is a good time to put a squareof tar paper in the bottom of eachnest bov for the benefit of lice.If a new poultry house is to bebuilt this spring see if there isn't asandy spot handy on which to locateit.If all the chickens and full-grownhens run together, the stronger chickens will get most of the feed andkeep the others poor.In operating brooders rememberthat uniform heat should always bemaintained. ' It is better to have alittle too much heat than too little.INNES AND HIS BANDWILL BE AT THE BLUE GRASSFAIR IN LEXINGTON.This Orchestral Band Has a UniqueReputation Whereever Good Music Is Appreciated.The Innes Band to be heard at theBlue Grass Fair at Lexington in August has a unique reputation throughout the whole country. No organization has a higher reputation for therendition of the great standards inmusic, and the name of Innes hassome to be synonymous with the bestthere is in the domain of high art.The services of the band are in constant demand, in fact, its principalwork being the giving of festival celebrations in the big cities of the country. The Innes Band is the result ofmany years of effort, of unceasingwatchfulness to secure the best musicians in the world, of constant andtedious rehearsing, of tireless efforton the part of Innes himself and bythe determination of each individualmember of the organization to givethe best that is in him.Each player is selected with asmuch care and consideration as arethe several soloists who accompanythe Band, and every man must pass arigid examination by Innes himself,before he is accepted as a member ofthe Band.Beatrice Van Loon, the soprano, whois to be heard here during the comingengagement, is one of the youngerAmerican singers, who, like Nordica,Maiy Garden and Geraldine Farrar,has, by her sensational successes inopera abroad, and in Boston, established herself as one of the world'sgreat singers. She is said to possessa voice of true dramatic brilliancy.ill1 vgj ijT t- JMAKING YOUR OWN BROODERDirections and Illustrations Given ofSuitable Shelter for theLittle Chickens.In describing a brooder that she hadconstructed herself and used successfully, Mrs. Belle Stiles says in theMissouri Valley Farmer:A box 2 feet wide by zy2 or 4 feetlong is made of matched lumber, eightinches deep inside measure. A boxcover six inches deep is hinged toEn IDoorND VJEW OF BOX-COUPLETS'CYLINDER.,WA?EBPIU&Home-Made Brooder.LAMPINNES GREAT CONDUCTORFor twenty years Frederick NeilInnes has been spreading the gospelof music in America and his name,probably more than that of any othergreat conductors, is closely identifiedwith the movement which has madeWagner known and appreciatedthroughout the high-ways and by-waysof this country.Innes' Orchestral Band, which hasgrown and developed under Mr. Innes'leadership until it stands at the headof organizations of its character, is extending its territory this season in order to meet demands from cities whichhitherto have not enjoyed musical advantages such as those nearer NewYork have been given. This plan isin every way consistent with Mr.Innes' work for years to encourageand foster in America a love for thebest that musical literaturehas tooffer.This is why the directors of theFair selected Innes and his players asthe big musical feature of the celebration. It was felt that the organization would appeal not only to the musical enthusiast but also to that greatbody of people who with a natural lovefor the beautiful are not yet ready toforswear everyone but Bach, Gluck,Beethoven and the other immortals.In addition to the sixty players of hisBand, Innes will bring with him several well-known soloists, notably Beatrice Van Loon, soprano, of the Chicago Grand Opera Company.one side, and is hinged again in thecenter. A notch is made in each endof the box one-third of the way acrossfrom the hinged side, with corresponding notches in. the cover, and in thesenotches rests a cylindrical tank forheating the brooder. "Windows shouldbe put in the front, and a door in oneend. Small holes should be bored inthe ends of the cover for ventilation.The cylinder tank is made of gal-VJj. j..AMPSADDLE HORSESWill Be An Important Exhibit at Lexington This Year.Outstanding in importance amongthe live stock features of the BlueGrass Fair are the two divisions ofthe National Saddle Horse Futuritiesto be contested at Lexington on Tuesday, August 13th, and Wednesday, August 14th. On Tuesday the divisionfor foals of 1912, and on Wednesdaythe one for 1911 division.This stake was inaugurated lastyear by the Saddle and Horse ShowChronicle, and proved to be the bestand most exciting exhibition evergiven in any ring at any Fair, therebeing 51 exhibits.The renewal of 1911 stake for yearlings, and inaugural of 1912 Futurityunder same conditions as last year arealready causing widespread interestthroughout the country. The approximate value of each is $1,000, to be divided among the ten best colts or fillies. The two rings of themselves wouldmake Tuesday and Wednesday thebanner days of the Fair.Three other stakes for saddle horsesare also provided: one for 250 forfive-gaited saddle horses, any age; oneof $200 for five-gaited saddle horses,three years old and under; and one of$200 for three-gaited saddle horsesand under. These stakes are alwayshotly contested and to every lover ofthe horse are worth going miles tosee.With Tank in Place.vanized tin, with a hollow tubethrough the center of such a size thatheat from a lamp can be turned inwith an elbow. On the top of the cylinder there should be a screw plug forputting in water. The tank when filledwith water is heated hy the hot air inthe hollow tube. This center tubeshould be long enough to extendthrough the brooder box and to thelamp set outside. The box should becarpeted with paper or litter, the tankput in place and filled with boilingwater, the lamp put in position andthe brooder allowed to warm up before he ghicks are put in. When inposition the cylinder should be twoinches from the bottom. After theheat is up the lamp may be turnedvery low. If the chicks are too warmthe cover may be raised and a stickslipped under the edge to give moreair. Don't overcrowd. Give planty ofwarm water in cold weather. Don'toverheat. Give plenty of grit. Keepclean. It's a joy to raise chickens bythis method, and these brooders ifproperly cared for will last for years.MARGIN OF PROFIT AND LOSSRecord of the Cost of Production and'Sales Will Determine WhetherHens Are Paying.A flock of hens should be made topay a good dividend on the investment. If they do not do this there issomething radically wrong somewhere along the line.If you have kept a record of thecost of production and the sales youwill be able to tell whether or notyour hens are paying. Hens that arelaying an average of 50 or 60 per cent,are doing well and will make a goodshowing on the right side of the cashbook. Any averages above that willhe so much more gain and will morethan justify keeping the birds.If they fall way below this markyou better investigate and find outthe cause of the trouble. It may bethat you have a poor strain of birds,that you are not feeding the rightkinds of foods or in sufficient: quantities, or that you are not giving themthe proper attention that they musthave in order to be great producers.ENGAGEMENT EXTRAORDINARY.The Blue Grass Fair, at Lexington,has engaged for the week, August 12to 17, Buhler, in his sensational, deathdefying act of lying on the track infront of grand stand and allowing anyautomobile, any size, any weight, goingat full speed, with passengers, to runover his body at the rate of 15 milesan hour.Don't fail to see Buhler, the automobile fiend, the original and only actof its kind in .the world. -Positively no protection used. -Studying Needs of One Breed.It is poor policy for a' beginner toi endeavor to keep several breeds ofpoultry. The probabilities are that hei will give them all like attention andfood when they need to he treatedaccording to their natural dispositionsand peculiar needs.The results are that he will favor acertain breed because they do betterfor him, when in reality 'the otherswould have done just as well if theyhad received the treatment which wasdue them. Do not attempt too much,but select a breed and then a varietyand stick to them.Discard Mongrels.Mongrel fowls should not be kept'or egg production because the egg3will be uniform neither in color norsize. This factor of itself is of enoughimportance to induce one to select aj pure breed, even though the mongrelsmight possibly lay as well as the pure-J, bred fowls, but this is very doubtful.anfirtnnWmwBJob Prinf incjWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Base Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!TRE J9B ReOfflS OFTHEBHRBNNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOG ,POSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next 'workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.Cbe Bourbon news,104 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.&UiiUWiiiiiniiUrt-isiiir"Tv,' 7 ''!1 -THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 23 1912.immMm mrmmrmmmmrmm-tmmmsMmV mkssssmGave Up Hope"I suffered five years, with awful pains, due to womanly troubles;" writes Mrs. M. D. McPherson, from Chadbourn, N. C. "They grew worse, till I would often faint.I could not walk at all, and I had an awful hurting in myside ; also a headache and a backache. 'I gave up and thought I would die, but my husbandurged me to try Cardui, so, I began, and the first bottlehelped me. By the time the third bottle was used, I coulddo all my work. All the people around here said I woulddie, but Cardui relieved me."LARDU I Woman'sTonicFor more than 50 years, Cardui has been relievingwoman s sufferings, and making weak women strong andwell. During this time, thousands of women have written,like Mrs. McPherson, to tell of the really surprising resultsthey obtained by the use of this purely vegetable, tonicremedy for women. vCardui strengthens, builds, restores, and relieves or prevents unnecessary pain and suffering from womanly troubles.If you are a woman, begin taking Cardui, today.Write to: Ladies Advisory Dept, Chattanooga Medicine Co., Chattanooga, Tenn .. for Special Instructions, and 64-page book, "Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 49TWIN BROS.Department Store Cor. 7th and MainSpecial PricesOn Extra Wide Swiss Flouncing at 25c and50c per yard.Children's Wash Dresses, 50c, 75c, $1. HILadies' one-piece Serge Dresses, $4.98. jjgpf(All Colors)1C5tav5V233Ladies' and Misses' Fine Tailored Suits, $9.95. tgpv?SWhite Nuback Shoes, $3.3NVSc,. ri. Tir:i!:MM-.. ci .. i itj. Vkpcuiai v aiuca uit ifiimnciy, ivu tb cuiu vv &1515. tggThe LatestThinginStovesFor "a" midnight supper, as for any other meal at anyAntW time, the very latest thing in stoves the best Ay-.i . . .. . j ;! mat stove-arasis cau uu ai-It Burns OilNo AshesIt Concentrates Heat-No WasteIlls HandyI ) No DirtIt Is ReadyNo DeitydNew PerfectionOil Cook-stoveIt concentrates the heat when you want itand where you want it It is as quick as gas,steadier and handier thanTcoaS, cheaperelectricity.LThe New Perfection Stove hai has, enameled,. - LI... -!.:... l u haartunmelv nn linedkidded, with cabinet top, drop shelves, towelmU.ie. Made with 1.2 or 3 burners.AH dealer, carry the New Pf Store-W to uvom wads 5 eeato to cover nuk a.STANDARD OIL COMPANY) (ImoorormUd fat K tacky) --... . y. . li-M g. . Ailfa. Ga EirwiBfWwi Abu; wi Jri 1. FhUnBHHtlUliH .--WWV J V aSUCCESS WITH THE TURKEYSHen Will Take Better Care of PoultsThan Any Human Can WhiteHolland for Market.Choose the largest hens from yourown flock keeping some of the oldquiet ones and one or two young hens.Get a young torn from some neighborthat has a healthy flock. Never keeptwo toms on the same farm. Theworst enemies turkeys have are crows,rats, coyotes and the cholera.Barrels or boxes filled one-third withstraw, laid in the orchard and partlycovered with brush make the bestnests. Gather the eggs every eveninguntil a hen wants to set. Then giveher 16 to 18 eggs in her own nest andset all the other eggs under chickensat the same time. When hatched giveall the turks to the turkey hen."When the next hen wants to setgive her some eggs if there is a fullsetting, otherwise break her up by upsetting the box or barrel containingher nest. If not allowed to set a turkey hen will lay three settings of eggs.Do not set any as late as July as theturks will only be a bother in coldweather. When hatched the hen maytaken them to the alfalfa or wheatfield and not come back to her nest.If so, let her go. She will take better.5 cJMii wmm .. iYour Dollar Buys More 5(rys. W. Ml . ' . !''711"HSIEp'White Holland Turkeys.care of them than any human can. Infeeding give the hen corn to fill up onso she will not rob the turks of theirfood. Give the turks hard boiled eggschopped fine once a day in the afternoon. Nothing equals turkeys as grasshopper and army worm destroyers. Aflock will eat many bushels of insectsin a season.The Mammoth Bronze is the Plymouth Rock of 'the turkey world, theBourbon Reds though smaller are favorites because of their domesticity andthe White Holland turkey is especially prized as a market fowl for its pinkwhite skin. Young hens usually weighten pounds, old gobblers twenty-sixpounds. ,Jk&VCto . rwaI TWIN BROS. Ili Paris, Kentucky jymff-xiiiim iii i ii iii ilxj i iMBUSimmsBgnra a MMHB reaggBiuum ibi iiiiiiimiiiii iiiihihii1 &'tsfflW Jm mki VT !Sw H a1 Iff1! V mf Li lWSm mWFattening Ration.W. A. Lippincott, head of the poultry department of the Kansas Agricultural college, gives the following asan excellent ration for fattening purposes: One part cornmeal, one partoat flour, one part barley meal, onepart beef scrap, eight parts buttermilk or skim milk. This makes whatis called slop feed, as it is thin enoughto pour.wWhen you buy a Studebaker-E-M-F "30" or StudebakerFlanders "20" you get more for your money, dollar fordollar, than in any other car built.There may be other good cars but what is their price?That's the rub. If they really are good cars, they necessarily cost more because comparatively few are built. Somepoor cars, you know, are high priced too, so that the dealercan fool you by cutting the price. What a car is reallyworth, not what it costs, should be your standard.The Studebaker Corporation has the largest and bestautomobile factories in the world. We could build and sellany competing car today for less money than its presentprice. In your Studebaker-E-M-F "30" or Flanders "20"'you get full value, because the biggest factories and thebest brains in the industry build these cars.r, ' Studebaker-E-M-F "30 Touring Car, standard equipped Jf.o.b. Detroit $1100. Equipped as above with Top, ; ' -"Windshield, Prest-O-Lite Tank and Speedometer, f. o. b.Detroit $1190.Our New Art Catalogue Will In terest You Send for itThe Studebaker CorporationDetroit, MichiganBourbon Garage & Supply Co.Cor, 4th and High Sreets,Paris, KentuckyKENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."Hourly High Speed ThroughService.Paris Lexington -N FrankfortDivision.iiJ"" ' ' l.l'HWl'.-i'iljm mjj.. i i.iu.u ' ' ijl Ifcmrjyi .... ..-. rTr- f in nun , nar ISour milk is an excellent feed forchicks.Lice increase very rapidly on thesitting hen.The chicks should not be fed thefirst day after hatching.A varilety in feeding is one way ofkeeping the flock in good condition.Cleanliness is the most importantfactor in the successful raising otpoultry.A little salt in the food for the hensis an aid to digestion, and so keepsthem well and vigorous.Lack of grit and overfeeding willcause idleness and stop the egg yieldas quickly as anything else.It is best to salt the morning mash,but not more than one ounce for 100head of stock should be used.Ducks kept entirely on land, musthave deep drinking vessels, so theycan get their heads under water.The busy hen is the productive one;hence she should be so fed as to induce the greatest activity, if in confinement. Ducks are practically immune fromcholera, roup and gapes. Their favorite diseases are spinal meningitisand paralysis.Give the chicks as much range aspossible, even if you have to limitthat of the old fowls. Exercise is ameans of development.If it were not for lice, poultry raising would be an easy matter. At thesame time it is not difficult to rid thehenhouses of this pest.The proportion of down-feathers onthe legs of Asiatic chicks when hatched, indicates the amount of feathersthey will have when matured.When the fowl acts dumpish, has apoor appetite, and seems generallyout of sorts, it is best to pen it alonefor a few days and give' a good physic.The poultry business has been spoken of often as a get-rich-quick schemebut the people who have succeededcan testify that this has not alwaysbeen the truth.Gars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort e"erv hour onthe hour tcom 6 a. m. until 8 p. m..and at 10 fj.v m.. the last car going onlyas far as "VersaillesGars leave Lexington for Versailles.Frankfort and Paris, every hour from6 a. m. until 7 p. m, and at 9 andll d.in., the last car going only as far asVersailles.Cars leave Versailles Jfor Lexingtonand Paris every 15 minutes after thehour from 6 :15 a. m. until 8 :1c p. m.and at 11 :15 p. m.. last car going onlyas iar as Lexngton.Cars leave Versailles for Frankforteverv 45 minutes after the hour from6:45 a. m. until 7:45 p. in., and at 9:45Gars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington add Paris every thirty minutes after the hour from 6:30 a. m.until 7:30 p. m., and 10:30 p . in., thelast car going only as far as Lexington. GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTON-NICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexington and Nicholasville Tevery forty-fiveminutes after the honr from 5:45 a. m.until 6:45 p. m., and at 8:05 and 10:05d. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville everv thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 'p. m.,and at 9 anrt 11 p. m.Gars leave Nicholasville tor Lexington every fifteen minutes'af ter the hourfrom 6:15 a. m. until 8:15 rr.m. and at10 :15 pm.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetown every hour on the hour from 6a. m. until 7 p. m. and at 9 and 11 p.m.No 6 a. m. cars on Sunday .17-tfBourbon LaundryASDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.Office Opp. Postoffice,&IH t BHHA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry -work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial orastr You'll notregret it.Bourbos) Laundry,Paris, fCisniucfcyiSKSSSSCESSi&SS-'IRoiiad Trip taresILf rcir Paris to.&... wisci? cs"T,p ?j fi hsaiet;Notice.BOURBON CIRCUIT 'COURT.David Hickman's Administrator,PlaintiffVs. Notice.His Heirs, - - DefendantsAll 'person holding claims againstthe estate of David Hickman, deceased, are hereby notified to present thesame, Droven, as required by law, tome at my office at the court house, inParis, Bourbon county, Kentucky.All claims not presented by September 1. 1912. will be barred.C. A. McMlLLAN, M C. B. C. C.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - union,companies. tf'g?ffl tJES-STKSESa ZI5 K2S2SEaEE2HSEHBSO dz.y Uniii Tourist fares oiiew torn &&5.&JSO cay limit variable route fares toMew York $3215 Boston $35.55Reduced round trip f ares to manyother cities and resorts in the EastSuperior Service to the East?or particulars, rates, folders, deseriptlrsIiterafrre aad sleeper reserYttiass, aJAr11 W. H. HARRIS, Ticket AfetstottSI. ;ti , v,j--V" ', vV-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 23, 191?ii CAPITAL FAIR, FrTJl?rt' J"'lPAM OETSHBHOT mmmBWmWB HMMHMi 0 MMHBB MHHMM I iMi. xi t..i. t.- ,- , cfof r.nm-nelition is open to 3ron.,Bring or send your poultry, stock, handwork, art, Jgesei i es, etcSpecial rates over both interurban and railroad, ow js jour a hance,to see the Capitol at a minimum cost, in addition toiseemg the air.For information or catalogue, write to the Secreary.DR. J. P. STUART, Pres. J. W. JEFFERS, Sect.''W v .T;i iMBM BIBHHHHB flHHIHHBP BBrCSKSISW HHW (MP H"Ce J5ome 0 Correct Tootwear'IDAN COHEN!)Greet Mid-Summera ijreac iviia-dummerGleamce Sale!We have marked down our immense stock to pricesthat should crowd our store to its fullest capacity.Absocute Necessity Demands ThisExtreme Measure.We must clear our shelves of all Summer goods. Itis needless for us to go into detail. You all know thecharacter of our store. We have stood the test for years.It is not now a question of profit or even cost. Readthese prices carefully:Mid Summer MarkDown Sale Pricein Ladies' ShoesLadies' two-strap JPunnos and Oxfords inwnite uanvas, fatent anaCiun Metal, our 2grade Mark-downPriceent and$1 .24nLadies' White Canvas Button Shoes, alllatest styles, our 2and $2,25 grade,Mark-down Price..pas cuLTOn anoes, an$1.59I 's pLadies' High-grade White Duck and TanPumps and Shoes, ( A O (J AAour 3 grade Mark- A A. AV ff JII.VVdown Price.One lot Ladies' Oxfordsmostly small sizes,SI. 50 to 3.00 value,Mark-down Priceand Pumps,75cOne lot Ladies' Oxfords and Pumps,an sizes, 51.0O to $3.00value, Mark-downPrices aim .rumps,99cMark-down Sale InBoys9 and Girls'xfordsOur best quality Boys' Oxfords in Tan,Patent, Gun MetalS3 value, Markdown PriceChildren's "White Canvas and Pique Button Shoes, our 1.50 gradesizes 5 to 11, Mark-downPriceMisses' and Children's Patent and GunMetal Pumps and ft ft A J nnOxfords Mark- CI OHd QQpdownPricr ..dH,4 liSlU Ul)UMisses' and Children's JBBarefoot Sandals, all sips fHMark-down Price . .One l.t Boyp" AVMi." Canvas and Gun 'ru-tal Shoes,Mark-down Price" -V Y- vi -rOne lot Infants' and Children's Pumps, 75c to 5;1value, Mark-down Price . .IMark-downSale PriceAll Our Walk-Over Oxfords atCut PricesSow is your chance to buy a pair of thisfamous make. Men's S4 All-Patent Oxfords, also some Gun Metal of our3.50 line, Buttonand Lace, Mark-down Price xaJ' 2 3Men's $i and S3.50.Walk-Over OxfordsMark-down Price..One lot Men's odd sizesOxfords, 2.50 to 83.50values, Mark-down Price.m3 3fcA99cMen's S3.D0 and $3.50 Oxfords in Tan,Gun Metal andPatent, Markdown Price...vo.ov uxioras in xan,$2.39Men's $2 and 2.50quality Oxfords,Mark-down Price .$1.69DAN COM EN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky.mm'MILLERSBURG ITEMS.Litsey, of Bards'town, isof his aunt, Mrs. T. P.Mr. Ora Aurst was in Winchester onbusiness yesterday.Mr. Ed. Waddell, of Lexington, isvisiting relatives here.Miss Miranda Lynch left Friday fora visit to Lawrenceburg.Mr. S. K. Proctor, rof Batavia, O.,was the guest or friends here lastweek.Miss Emma Reynolds, of Jacksonville, TIL, is the guest of Mrs. R. W.Becraft.Mr. Roythe guestWaddell.Mr. C. H. Cooper, of Maysville, isill at the home of his daughter, Mrs.Aaron McConnell.Miss Fannie Lee Dalzell, of Lexington is the guest of her aunt, Mrs.Dennis McMahan.Rev. C. T. DeBois, of Oklahoma, arrived Saturday, for a visit to Mrs.Mary J. Whaley.Mr. and Mrs. O. W. Ingles wereguests Sunday of Mr. and Mrs. LouisRodgers on Cane Ridge.Miss Mary Savage returned Tuesday after a visit to her brother, Mr.F. J. Savage, at Paris.Mrs. S. M. Allen left Friday for avisit to Jher parents, Mr. and Mrs.Ephram Woods, at Stanford.Mrs. Lavina Vimont and daughter-in-law returned Thursday after amonths sojourn in Colorado.Mrs. J." J. Ryan, of Cincinnati, O.,is the guest of her mother Mrs.Joshua Barton, who is quite ill.Mr. Chas. Wright, of Maysville, andMiss Bertha Woodward, of Lair, arethe guests of Mrs. O. C. Chanslor.Rev. O. B. Crockett, of Lexington,was tqe'guest of Miss Margaret Peterson from Thursday until Saturday.Mrs. C. H. Harris and daughter, ofChattanooga, Tenn., arrived Tuesdayas the guests of Mrs. C. D. Tackett.Mrs. T. R. Wilson left Saturday forher home at Rotinson station aftera visit to her father, Mr. I. F. Chanslor.Rev. R. S. Sanders left Fridav forPaintlick, where he will assist Rev.W. S. Weir in a two vveeks protractedmeeting.iui. . vj. ivicunnLocK ana sonThomas, Jr., of Paris, were guests ofiur. ana Mrs. Tiiomas McUJintock, onSaturday and Sunday.Mrs. Delia Miller and grand daughters, Misses E.izabeth and Mabel Canway, of Atlanta, Ga., are truests of! Mrs. C. W. Corrineton.Mr. Weitzel, of Louisville, generalagent for the Phoexix Fire InsuranceCo., was the guest of Judge T. P.Waddell Wednesday and Thursday.Mrs. W. F. Sanders and little son.I Dunlap, will leave Saturday ior a vis-ic to Mrs. bander's parents, Mr. andMrs. J, M. Dunlap, at Circleville, O.Mr. E. F. Perterson operator at theL. & N.JDepot, is taking a two week'svacation. He is succeeded durine- hisabsence by Mr. Ham, of Flemingsburg. Misses Mattie, Sallie and CarolineMclntyre are at Lake Chautauqua,N. Y. for a six weeks stay. It ishoped the change will prove benificialto Miss Sallie Mclntyre who is in verypoor health.Mrs. W. G. Dailey entertained anumoer ol young men with a seveno'clock dinner Tuesday evening, itbeing the birthday of her son, Mr.Claude Dailey.&Mr. Daileyjs employed in the office of the L. & !N. R. R.at Paris and goes to and from hiswork every day. He was not awareofjwhat was in store for him;; untilafter he had returned home that evening. When he arrived most of theguests had assembled and met him onthe front veranda. The evening wasdelightfulty spent.Mrs. Margaret Mitchell entertainedFriday evening from 8 to 12 in honorof Miss Rosina Elder, of Paris. Quitea number of the young folks werepresent and the evening was delightlully spent. The home was decorat-( ea wicn cue nowers ana potted plants.rne color scneme pinic and white waswell carried out. Delightful pianomusic was furnished and a number ofgames indulged in. Ices and cakeswere served. Among the out-of-townguests present were Misses Rosina andRuby Elder, Me:srs Tom and EugeneElder, O. T. Speakes and EdwardDot, Paris, Miss Fannie Lee Dalzell,Lexington, Mis Moore, Carlisle, Mr.William Linvilic-, Paris.Elder Thomas Smith, acred abonfc50 ears, died Sunday morning at hishome in Milieroburg, after a brief illness of peritonitis and gallstone. Hehad been complaining only a fewdays. He was pastor of the Christianchurch of Millersburg and on Wednesday jnight was unable to conduct hisprayer meeting service.On Thursday he was able to be upabout the house and no one thoughthis condition serious. Thursday nighthe grew much worse but did not callhis attending physician, Dr. W. V.Huffman, untilJFriday morning. Assoon as the doctbr saw him "ha realized his condition was critical and thatsomething had to be done immediately. At times during the day Fridayand Saturday up till the afternoon itwas thought he showed symptoms ofbeing some better. About 5 o'clockSaturday afternoon he took a decidedchange for the worse and from 8o'clock on his death was momentarilyexpected. Elder Smith was a nativeof England' As he is a co)mparativestranger here little is known of hislife.1 About twenty-eight years aeroa theological course at the Bible college, after he returned to his owncountry and from there to Australiawhere he preached for a time. Abouteighteen years ago he returned toAmerica, locating in Texas, and hasfollowed his ministerial pursuits. Fora short time during his early life inTexas he was engaged in the real estate business, which'proved profitableto him. This he did not continuelong and since then his entire timehas been given up to his ministerialwork. Shortly after going to theLone Star State he married and thisunion was blessed with three sons.It was his one ambition that thesesons be educated from the same institution where he received the bestpart of his education: Ater placingtwo of these sons in the Bible Collegeat Lexington he and his good wifewanted to locate near them. Earlyin January Elder Smith came to Lexington and as the Millersburg churchwas without a pastor he was recommended to this' charge. He visited thetown and was later called by the official board. He was not only a goodpreacher but an excellent scholar, afine student and a brilliant lecturer,a' good mixer and soon won a host offriends, in other churches as well ashis own. He was thoroughly devoted to his work and srave it all his !time and attention.The funeral services will be conducted this afternoon at 3:30 o'clock atthe Christian church, Elder J. W.Ligon, of Lexington, officiating. Theburial will take place in the Millersburg cemetery.Lingerie Dresses.Lingerie dresses, $8, $10 and $12values, at $4.98.THE SIMOND DEPT. STOKE.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES.Hon. H. G. Garrett, of Winchester,so!d to several well-known timbermen of Wolf county, about 50,00 acresof mountain county land. The landhas been cleared of practically all thetimber and the purchasers plan tofertilize the land with a view of cultivating tobacco.C. L. Kerr, of Lexington, sold toL. V. Harkness, of the Walnut HallStock Farm, the beautiful 3-year-olddapple 'gray mare, Iola. lola is bvDandy Jim, the noted show stallion,and her dam is by Ned. Drennon."; Themare will be shown by Mr. Kerr atthe various fairs throughout Kentuckythis season andawill be returned to Mr.Harkness the coming fall.Will Judge at Lancaster.Three Cornered Race in Ninth.Indications are that there'will be athree-cornered race for the Democraticnomination lor senator in the NicholasHarrison and Robertsoun SenatorialDistrict. Sheriff Duncan Hildreth, ofRobertson county, W. J. Osborfe whoformerly reDresented RobertsonandNicholas counties in the Kentucky Letislature and Judge W. T. Kenton, whdVnas ngureu uruiuiueiiuy in jjuiiLiua iuRobertson county for several years,are all prominently mentioned aaeandidates for the office fand each vhennnoafinnori hxr tho TTorjiIrl pnrrAaWIent admitted that he was conlentering the race. According1custom which has prevailed intrict for a number of years tnities comprising the district havjted the office to rotate, and il"Robertson county's turn to fiDemocatic candidate.Mr. J. Miller Ward, of near thiscity, has been selected by the directorsof the Lancaster fair assoianon to actas judge at their fair which begins inthat city to-morrow and continuing forthree days. Trfe one judge systemwhich has been established in the lastfew years will be used in all classes.Will Take Up Tariff Question.Removal of the tariff as an issue before Congress ia expected during theweek, which will be a step toward adjournment, which many members thinkwill take place August 10 to lb. ThePanama regulation measure and thesundry civil bill will occupy the firstthree davs of the week in the Senate.In Mammoth Cave.With"a string band. This is a newfeatureadded to the advertised tripfrom this county for July 30.The band will lead the party acrossEcho river, "which will add grandeur tothe occasion that will not be heardagain.On arrival at the Cave Tuesdayevening the party will be taken toAudubon avenue, the great dining hallwhere an elegant supper will be served, after which the party will start onthe trip through the" Cave under a display of colored lights.On Wednesday, 31. string band andorchestra from 12 to 3 p. m. Wednesday nighfcomplimentary ball, promenade and illumination of the Campusfrom 7 to 12 p. in. This entire program will be absolutely free to all going on the trip advertised for July 30.Through coaches will he furnished onregular trains.Colored Camp Meeting.At new fair grounds will open Sunday morning'at 10:30 a. m. Rev. J.M. Moore, of Nashville, Tenn., willpreach at 11 a. m., subect :V'WatchJheSmoke;" at 2 p. m.. Rev. W. M.Stevenson will preach. Subject:"Damned Hot Day." at 3 p. m.. Rev.Quarles will perform a marriage ceremony, and preach from the subject,"Dry Bones." Preaching at 5' p. m.and 7:30 p. m. This meeting will closethe hrst Sunday in August. Ampleprovision made for white people.Come one, come all, and join us in thisgosnel feast.R. QUARLES, Manager.Wheat Wanted.Call and'see us before selling yourwheat. Highpst market price,R. 8. HUTCtiCRAFT.16-4t Both phor es fci.King McNamara Sentenced.In the Fayette Circuit Court yesterday Judge Charles Kerr passedsentence upon John H. (King) McNamara, convicted at ,'the recent .'session of the Fayette court for the mui -derof Jacob Keller. The failure of theattorneys for McNamara to ask for anew trial was regarded as an acquiescence in the verdict imposing a sentance of five years upon the prisonei.The verdict of the jury specified thatthe prisoner should serve his time atlabor.Get thesold bytfRefrigerators.new Iceberg refrigeratorA. F. WHEELER & CO.Taken to Carlisle.James Boyd, arrested in this city,was turned over to the officials of Carlisle by Patrolman Chas. Thomas, Friday. Boyd was arrested bv the Parispolice on a warrant issued in Carlisle,charging him with striking DurbinGreen, of that city, with a pair ofbrass knucks. He made his escapefrom Carlisle, but on being locatedhere he was taken into custody. It issaid Boyd is wanted in that city on anumber of charges.Public Sale!OF VALUABLEn:oevx aprio jaLmM2f -Wr ois- 3UWV9 is nowJjrJI0BLl-,THE FAIR!Great ValuesFridayTooth Picks, regular 5c boxes,2 boxes for 5c.Tanglefoot Fly Paper, 8 sheetsfor 5c.Japanese Rugs, 11-2 yardslong, each 19c.All linen 25c Window Shades,each 19c.Meat Dishes, 12 inches long,each 5c.Picture Moulding 2c a foot.Picture Frames, 8x10 glass,regular price 49c, reduced to 25ceach.Fruit and Ice Cream Dishes,each 2 l-2c.Coat Hangers 2 l-2c each.Fountain Syringes, 81 quality,at 69c.12-quart size Galvanized SlopPails, 39c.THE FAIR.OWLS!Real Estate!!Ob Tuesday, August 6he went to Lexingtonwhere hetookfHome Saved in Strange Manner.That Preaidnet Carence LeBus, ofthe Burley Tobacco Society, was bornunder a liicky star has generaally beenconceded by those who know him mostintimately, but perhaps his good fortune was never more strikingly evideced than by "an occurrence a lewdays ago at his .old home in Cynthiana,which savedhim several thousand dollars, and which was so strange as to bealmost incredible.Mr. LeBus owns a handsome residence on East rPike street in Cynthiana-, which he and his family 'occupied jbefore removing to Lexington andwhich'is now looked after by nis brother, Frank LeBus. A few days ago jMr. Frank LeBus, who canies thekeys to the residence, which is uroccupied.decided.to'look through the hcuse.to see lr everything was in order. Onhis round of inspection he heard waterleaking from a water pipe and uponinvestigation discovered that a miraculous thing had hapDened without theknuwledge or intervention of any one.A large hole had been burned in thefloorSof an"upstairs room, but a sprayof wafer was nlaying on the charrednoards, having extinguished the blazebefore it .got under way and spreaddestruction throughout tne mansion.Closer investigation showed that defective electric light wiring had setthe floor on fire while the house Waslocked up, but strange to relate theheat from the flames had partiallymelted a"lead pipe which happened tobe located so conveniently near thatthe water gushed forth and extinguished the incipient conflagration,, th'ussaving the handsome residence. A?ndit was this automatic fire hydrant inoperation which attracted Mr. Frank!LeBus attention and showed him 'themarvelous thing that had come to pass.The story sounds incredible, butt itis vouched for bv the Cyrithiana ijogCabin, one of the most reliable newspapers in the Stated v "1912, on the premises, at thehour of 2 o'clock p. m., I willoffer for sale 10 desirable building lots, located in Williams Ad-'dition to the City of Paris.These lots are located wherethey will always rent.Also three houses and lotslocated in Claysville.All of said property rents welland for a small investment can'tbe beat.Teiins made known on day ofsale. iFor further particulars, applyto WALLACE JApKSON. :M. F. Kenney, Aucfc.19jy6t IOrder of Owls has Sickand Accident Benefit of $6per week.Order of Owls has $100Death Benefit.Order of Owls furnishesFree Physician for you andyour family.Order of Owls will helpyou get a position when youare out of employment.Order of Owls will helpyou in your business. Theytrade with each other.Order of Owls furnishesyou Club and Social advantages. The dues are 50 cents permonth; no extra assessments. - After closing the chapterthe initiation fee in this citywill be $25.You do not have to takethe initiation if you join nowand the total cost is $5.Full information can behad from Moses R. Glenn,General Organizer, 622 Maini ""'" "" "ilue Grass FairSax Big Days arad Nights, CommencingMonday, Aug. 129America's Greatest Morse Show5 Big Saddle Horse StakesRunning and :1arnessRaces Daily$25,000 in PremiumsSplendid Display of EveryClass of Live StockInnes Band of AmericaSensational Free Acts Daily ,The Greater Parker. ShowsSeethe Big Flora! Parade the First DayReduced Rates on 'All RoadsFortCatalog or further information addressJOHN W BAIN, Secretary,'i 5Lexington, Ky.-iflmw.oun- jw?amIMPERFECT IN ORIGINALj' uijwuwiwiiiwiriiiiwwwap.irw HIIIUHAJH.U m mnwaiwftl ,i-J" ,. .. .-