THE BOURBONNEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TTTESDAT AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAKVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1912199 ICleaning-Up-Sale"WE KNOW MOWI Remnants and Odds and Ends !IAs a result of a very successful January Sale, we haveheaps and piles of remnants of all kinds of goods Remnants of Dress Goods, Ginghams, Table .Linens, Embroidery, Laces, Ribbons etc., which we are going toclean up at remnant prices.Also we offer broken lines in all Ready-to-WearsSuits, Coats, Dresses, Waists, House Dresses, Muslin Underwear, slightly soiled, Solid Lace Curtains all these atprices that will clean them up promptly.All our Shoes to be closed out to' discontinue thisdepartment.This is a sale that will appeal to every economicalwoman.Come early and get choice of the bargains.Tbe Simon Department Store,LParis, KentuckyNOTE--Spring Suits Arriving DailyJSenator Thomas to Meet AutoOwners.With a view of dicsussing 'the Newcomb bill now pending in the KentuckyLegislature, Senator Claude M.Thomas will meet the automobile owners of this county at the court houseSaturday afternoon at 2 o'clock, andearnestly request all owners, users andautomobile' enthusiasts to be in attendance. To these interested in the Newcpmbbill, the provisions of which are calculated to work a hardship to the owners of automobiles snd the auto interests, the meeting will no doubt provevery interesting.Considerate pressure has beenbrought to bear upon Senator Thomasto oppose the passage of this measure.Petitions containing the signatures ofall the automobile owners in this sounty have been forwarded to hm, together with those of a number of themost prominent citizens of the county,and the resolutions adopted by theBourbon Motor Club at the meetingheld in this citv Monday urging him tooppose the measure.Aside from the action taken by theBourbon and Fayette Motor Clubs, anumber of owners in Maysville, Winchester and Nichnlasville held meetings, condemned the drastic provisionsof the measure and appealed to theirSenators and Representatives in theLegislatrue to oppose the passage ofthe bill.All automobile owners are requestedto assemble at 1 :30 d. m. before themeeting to give in their nauesmembership in the club and toposted on the bad clauses innafarious Newcomb Automobileand to oppose the bill in toto.forgettheBill7Jried and 3ound SuiltyOf Selling the Most GoodsFor the Least Money.16 lbs. Granulated Sugar 7.,$1.002 cans good Corn 1 5cGood Bulk Coffee, per lb...' 22 1 -2cOld Reliable Coffee, per lb 30c2 1-2 lb. can Asparagus 20cFull qt. can Karo Syrup 1 OcNew Orleans Molasses, per gal 45c8 bars Lenox Soap 25cLarge size Mackerel 1 O or 3 for 25cMedium size Mackerel 5c3 boxes Matches 1 OcBLUE RIBBON FLOUR25-ib Sack 70c50-Ib Sack $ 1 .401 OO-lb Sack $2.75Now, you cannot say that Paris is a high town ongrocers, for everybody is coming to Paris to trade atLenihan's Cash Grocery. They get the same goods fcrless money.f4ftTTWIST. C. LENIHANCash Grocery.wAlleged Murderer Captured.William Kild a negro wanted atCynthiana on a charge ofurder wasarrested by Deputy Sheriff J. 0.Marshall Tuesday morning at the railroad samp in the South y'ardsof theLouisville & Nashville railroad andlodged in jail. The arregt of Kiddwas made at the instance of theHarrison authority and the localofficers have been OR the Jcokout forthe alleged murderer for S662idmonths. Deputy Sheriff Marshall received information that Kidd waa inthe railroad camp and placed himander arrest. The negro is alleged tohave .killed a negro companion &t arailroad camp near.Garnett Station onthe L. & N. last August and hassince been at large. His victim wasan Alabama negro. Deputy SheriffMarshall went to Cynthiana Tuesdayafternoon where he turned his prisonerover to the'flarrison authorities.wfIT'v . . vThe Semi-Annual Display ofhigh-class Spring and Summersuitings byThe GlobeTailoring Co.,Cincinnati, O.,will be given at our establishment onFebruary 1213Call and make your selectionand be measured by an expert.Both Phones 234PRICE & CO.Custom Tailored Clothes, mm$ A representative of STROUSE & BROS.,p BALTIMORE, Md., will show samples ofS Suitings for Spring and Summer, 1912, in.raris, at our store,Tuesday and Wednesday, Peb.,13, 14.The choice fabrics and the high-grade manner in which Clothes are tailored-to-measure,rnake it Well worth your while to have selection and measurements recorded at the timeabove mentioned.May Build in the Early Spring.That the S. H. Kress Co., of NewYork, contemplate the erection of amodern business housa upon the site ofthe old Baptist church at the corner ofMain and Sitxh streets, is evidencedby the information given out by theirlocal agent, Mr. Lee T. Beall.According to Mr. Beall, when thecompany purchased the property theyhad under construction fifteen buildings in various cities throughout theUnited States and the construction ofthe bjsiness house in this city, wouldfollow when they are completed.It is expected the erection of thebuilding in this city will begin suraetime in the early spring. At presentthe S. H. Kress Co., is opreating overone hundred and thirty stores throughout the United States. The lot uponwhich the proposed building will belocated faces 66 feet 8 inches on Mainstreet and runs'back an equal depth.The strcuture will be three stories inheight, the lower floor to be used as astoreroom by the company, which willconduct a five and ten cent store, andthe remainder of the building will beleased as office rooms. .Faced Coal Famine.Delayed shipments of coal the earlypart ot the week almost caused a coalfamine in this community, and up tothis date the steady -drain occasionedby the cold weather has not been fullyrelieved. For several days many ofthe yards only had a limited supplywhich was carefully conserved.SBm3femmmmPRi6l&60.6iotHiers-. ....iv. ...ilV. .t. trjv ll.HMmGoes East.Mr.and Mrs. Harry Simon, of theSimon Department Store, left yesterday for the East where they go to purchase the early spring showing of finemillinery, suits, dress guods, etc.. fortheir beautiful store. Mr. Simon stated that it was his intention to buy onet of the largest stocks for early springi and summer he has ever purchased.The new goods will begin to arrive inabout two weeks. To make room forthis new stock Mr. Simon announcesin his regular advertisement a "Cleaning Up Sale" of odds and ends, quantities of remnant of dress goods andwash goods, ginghams, 'table linens,embroidery, laces, ribbons, etc. Tberemnants must be cleared out andthey are going to be sold at real remnant prices. Also large stock of reaay-to-wear suns ana cioatfs also go inthis sale. Slightly soiled waist3 andunderwear at bargain prices.also somehandsome lace curtains in this lotThe shoe departrr.tnt is to be discun-, tinued and every 1 air must go.his manager and clerks to clean upthis stock and to do it at once. If the1 ladies of Paris desire real bargains' they should take advantage of thist big clean up ale.Some of the sprint? suits will beginto arrive the first of the week. Don'tplace your order until you have visitedthis store..Don't dverlook tbe"mjlHnery;.departEient this. sprrhj? for "thV' displiy? nodoubt wjlr eclipse all. former efforts.iIMitchell & Blakemore,IOutfitters to MenParis, KentuckyELLai!ii!iiriiii!ii;;nriiiTrm-i!iiiiiii!iiiiiiiiiiiii!i!ii!Hiiiii!!i!iuiii!iiiirn! FRANK & CO. In vThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.I ; ' ii S Special Reductions ,: On ahWINTER GOODS20 Ladies' and Misses' Suits, Choice4 $5.00 EachValues Up To $25.00 ...COATS AND FURSAt Big Price Reductionsi; ; Be sure' and take a look at our Remnant Tables Bie1 Bargains tobe found m all kinds of Yardage Goods.zz1a. if . Frank & Co. crParis,. - - Kentucky.Si!!:ULUU.!UIMPMUfiMn:iUII!UUiJlliU:IUIU ifeITHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY,. FEB. 9, 9i2.FREE SAMPLE CURED OLDPERSON'S BOWEL TROUBLEOne of the most remarkable proofsof the unusual laxative merit contained in Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsinis that it is effective not only in people in the prime of life, but at theextremes of ages. As many lettersare received from mothers regardingthe cures of children, as from men and-women of sixty, seventy and eightyyears of age. It must be truly a won-derful laxative.In the cure of constipation and"bowel trouble in old people it has noequal. It corrects the constipation,dispels the headache, biliousness, gas,drowsiness after eating, etc. Peopleadvancing in years should see to it"that their bowels move freely, andif they do not to take Dr. Caldwell'sI Bourbon LaundryD.WIS & FUNK, Props.f Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice. VfOfIVBourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky.LocandaThe Fastest Son of Alferton 2:09Sired by Allerton 2 :09, the world's leading sire of standard performers :damKatharma (great brood mare), by Alcyone 2:27; second dam KatieJackson; by Almont 33. Holder of world's pacing record, IX miles, 3:15.TERMS: $50 TO INSURE A LIVING FOAL.Peter Billiken (3) 2:16 1-4Son of Peter The Great 2:07,Trading sire of futurity winners, dam Baron Lassie, by Baron Wilkes 2:18Winner of 6-heafe race against aged horses.Terms: $50 to Insure a Living Foal.If:(2) 2.19Sire of Black Wig 2:07. Remorseful 2:u8, Dorcas H. 2:08k', Betsy G.2:10, Katherine A. 2:11 X (Ky. Futurity winner 1902), Bessie Brown 2:i2Nedra W. 2:14, Rena Wise 2:15, Sheeney 2:15), Wig Wag 2:16!, (champion of Europe) Durgee 2 :19, and twenty-three others in 2:30 list,$25 To Insure a Livinsr Foal.The .celebrated James E. Clay jack, will make the season at Maplehurst StockFarm. Tom Mack is the best breeder of mules that euer stood in the county.$1 2 to Insure a Living Foal.W. A. BACON, Paris, Ky.rOne of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are Showing- A moderately priced one, too.'if you are looking for ' 'The"fyHat you'll find it in our pres-vten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.' Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Hot and ColdBATHSHot and cold? baths.Everything neat and clean. PoliteiMrbVra always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are rext.M. A. KAHAL.Syrup Pepsin. You can prolong yourlife by healthy bowel action. Cloggedbowels invite disease. Women aboutto pass the menstrual period cannotdo better than use Syrup Pepsin several times a week until the system hassettled to its future condition.Among the strongest supporters ofDr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin are Mr.W. G. Zorn of New Decatur, Ala., andMr. George, S. Spaulding of the National Soldiers' Home, Kansas, bothelderly men. The regular size bottlescan be bought of any druggist at fiftycents and one dollar, but a free sample bottle can be had by sending youraddress to the doctor.Address him Dr. W. & Caldwell,402 Caldwell building, Mbnticellp, 111.A P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.3:02Cement For Sale.We have a few barrels of first classcement left that we will sell below themarket price.PARIS LUMBER & M'F'G. CO.TOBACCO 'HAULING. We are prepared to haulTobacco to the markets atany point. No crop toolarge. We can furnish teamsand wagons.TRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention sriven to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty. .MARTIN BROS.Eighth Street Both Phones.To My Friends and HomePeople:I have started a Magazine andNewspaper. Agency. Lowestprices on all Magazines in circulation. I ask for your- ordersand help in getting them fromyour friends ,Sincerely,Mrs. Rosa V. Wallirigford. j. . . -Up to the Governing Body.It is now up to the State CentralCommittee to decide whether or notthere shall be a primary in the Seventh District on March 16. The call fora meeting to be held in Frankfort lastMonday only brought out four members of the committee, those who wereopposed to Congressman Cantrill, hisfive coherents absenting themselves forthe sole purpose of breaking a quorum.It' was noised about by the politicianshere that there would be no meeting ofthe committee and the prophecy cametrue in tht extreme. The Cantrill o.oherents wanted the call to stand andas their presence would have made aquorum they remained away for noother reason other than to prevent thmeetimr.The anti-Cantrill members of thecommittee, sent on the wild goosechase to the Capital, made somethingof their trip when it became apparentthere was nothing else to be doneadopted resolutions condemning theaction of the members of the committee in calling the primary, and appepled to the State Central Committeee,as a last resort to take action.The action of the Canlrill Committeemen in failing to respond to thecall, was purely a politicial trick ofwhich no doubt Cantrill is at thehe?d, and we can see but the one object, that being to let matters stanaas they are, and let the primary bepulled off at the fitne scheduled and tosuit the Scott county candidate.The matter will be put up to theState Central Committee and its actionwill ba awaited with a great deal ofinterest. Whichever course they decideupon must be acceptable to the Democrats in the Seventh District. However, it is the earnest hope that theywill annul the call of the District Committee and set a later date. The resolutions adopted at the meeting, of thefour anti-Cantrill members of the Committee held in Frankfort Monday areas follows ;Whereas, the Democratic DistrictCommittee for the Seventh Congressional District of Kentucky, at a called meeting held in Frankfort, Kentucky, on the 15th day of January1912, for the purpose of nominating aDemocratic candidate for Congresstherein, to be voted for at the regularNovernbr election 1912; and,Whereas, such call was only made orissued by virtue and because of theparticipation and vote as a member ofthis comnjittee.of one who while formerly the member from Oldham countyof such committee, had, prior to thedate of such meeting vacated . underthe laws of the party, his office andposition as a member of this committee by accepting and qualifying underan appointment as a state officer ; and.Whereas, such pretended call was Jmade and issued in plain defiance ofthe mandatory provisions of Section j1563 of the Kentuckv Statntpn in tht ithe committee, before entering uponthe discharge of its duties, was not1sworn to faithfully and honestly discharge its duties imposed upon it bylaw, thereby rendering its act illegaland such proposed primary ineffectualto entitle tne person named thereat toa place as Democratic nominee uponthe official ballots to be used at theregular election; and,vvnereas, tne general Assembly isnow in session and has before it billswhich in some form appear reasonablycertain to become laws, whereby thecounties composing ; this, the,SevnthCongressional District, will ' be increased in number, a compulsory Primary Election law at public expensebecome operative, and a Corrupt Practice act gu into effct rendering it inadvisable, .improper and unfair at thistime to select a nominee for the district until the counties to compose itare ascertained and permitted to havea voice in the selection of a representative and the enormous expense setout in such pretended call being sogreat as to prevent many worthy persons from offering as candidates whowill oe able to do sow without expensewhen such compulsory primary act isenacted ; and,Whereas, such a call was hastilypromulgated at a meeting of whichreasonable notice was not given, andsuch notice did not definitely specifythe'place of meeting and iwas barrenat any intimation as to the purpose oraction to be taken at such meeting,resulting in there not being a fullmeeting of the committee and in depriving the committee of the benefit ofthe -presence, counsel, and advice ofeach and all the members thereof andof the individualds composing theparty on the district and interested inits welfare ; and,Whereas, there exists at widespreaddissatisfaction among Democratsthroughout the district, resulting inmass meetings in divers counties attended by faithful party of adherentsat which resoutjons condemnatory ofsuch call were adopted and publishedthe party press has been,. alienated;and enduring;cunviction been engendered that such call was adopted not forthe party welfare, but in behalf of onei candidate only and with the apparentmotive of suppressing and stiflingopposition to such candidate by fixingthe primary for such date as that lackof time and weather conditions wouldprevent a canvass of the district, and,for a date when the members of theparty residing outside of the citiescould not reasonably be expected tovisit the polls, by all of which the continued ascendancy of our party isthreatened and the district put in danger of control by the politicial enemy.Therefore, Be it resolved that themembers of this committee this dayassembled to attend a meeting' calledby the chairman do hereby protestagainst the action of said committeein calling said primary, and do herebyappeal to the State Central Committeefor relief against such wrongful, illega and unfair call, and pray that suchaction be taken by said State CentralCommittee as will afford relief against,andprevent, the holding'on March 16,1912, of the proposed priuary, andhereby authorize the undersigned, C,C. Clarke, Committeeman from Bourbon county, who was absent from anddid not take any part in the meetingat which said pretended primary wascalled to certify such protest and appeal to such State Central Committee,both for himself and on behalf of allof the undersigned.Witness our signatures hereto subscribed tnis the 5th day of February,1912.C. C CLAKE,Committeeman from Bourbon County.W. O. DAVIS,Committeeman from Woodford County.W. P. KIMBALL,Committeeman 62d Legislative District, Fayette county.J. D. GRIFFIN,Committeeman from Franklin County.At the Lexington Opera House.MISS BILLIE BURKE -I.N "THERUNAWAY."Charles Forhman will present MissBillie Burke in "The Runaway" atthe Lexington Oprea House on Friday,February 9.Miss Burke is already a favorite heieas she is in every city in the UnitedStates and the announcement of herannual engagement is always lookedforward to with eager anticipation bytheatregoers of all ages, of both sexesand of every walk of life To everyone her wonderful charm and her remarkable impersonation of joyous, innocent youth brings gladness and akindlier feeling toward humanity. Inthat way Miss Burke may be said tobe a genuine missionary of cheerfulness and it is surely a title to be envied. In "The Runaway," her newest success, the critics in the East say MissButke appears at her very best. AsColette Irondelle, the heroine of thisplay, she represents an ingenuouslittle Breton girl, the vety personification of gay girlhood inspired by thenew awakened spirits of romance andambition. Brought up by two narrowminded spinster aunts in a provincialvillage, she bursts the bonds of tradition when they attempt to marry herto a sanctimonious country lout andfinds a wider, rfeer life in BohemianParis and a hubaand worthy of her ina noted artist old enough, in years, tobe her father, but young enough withthe perennial youtn of genius to beher lover.It is a beautiful story, simply toldand splendidly acted. C. AudreySmith, the most- polished actor England has sent to Amreica, plays theartist and others in the cast are GeorgeHowell, Henry Miller, Jr., MortonSelton, Edwin Nicander, Jane Evans,Josepine Morse and AlicGale.The stage setting especially a studioscene, are wonderful examples'" ofscenic art.-Are Ever at War.There are two things everlastinglyat war, joy and piles ButBucklen'sArnica Salve will banish piles in anyform. It soon subdues the itching,irritation, inflammation or swelling.It gives comfort, invites joy. Greatest healer of burns, boils, ulcers,cuts,bruises, eczema, scalds, pimples, skineruptions. Only 25c at Oberdorfei's.Better a Smile Than a Frown.The saint who smiles does a greatdeal more good in the world than thsaint with a long face.TenYear Pool Plan InauguratedThe opening gun of the ten yearpooling plan of the Hurley TobaccoSociety was fired in Maysville Mondayafternoon when President ClarenceLeBus and Vice President A. L. Ferguson of the Society addressee1 a crowdof fully six hundred .land owners jandttenants of Mason and adjoining counties. While the crowd was exceedinglylarge and the heads of the Societyprevailed upon the growers and tenants to pledge themselves to- the ten-year-plan,little enthusiasm was manifested and only a few crops were signed.. However, while the beginning wasnot very auspicious it is the purpose-ofthe promoters to canvas every districtin the Burley belt before the booksclose for signing on March Ifc Officialsof the Society will on next Monday ad- jdress the tobacco growers m JaneiDyville, Carlisle and Taylorsville. Someof the most noted speakers will be inthe field and an active eanvas conducted during the meeting for signatures.A consignment of pledge books willbe sent to Mason county in the nextfwe days and that county will bethoroughly canvased. Reports received by the Society at its headquartersin Lexington from the counties are tothe effect that there has been an increased interest in the pool.Young and old havethem. Some abuse them.They get tired, starved.SYMPTOMS: Loss ofsleep and .appetite, indigestion, irritability,eventually wrecked constitution. Alcoholic remediest stimulate only.Scott's Emulsionsoothes and nourishes,feeds the nerves. Anatural nerve-food, containing the salts of Hypophosphites, Iodine andGlycerine.NO ALCOHOL.ALL DftUGGlSTSFOR THE WOMAN WHO THINKS AND FEELS.Some women complain that they periodically suffer from dull and heavy feelings, or dizziness in the head, nervousness, pain and bearing-down feelings whichshould not occur to the normal healthy woman. But most every woman is subjectto these pains at some time in her life, due to abnormal conditions in life, sucrecs corsets, over-taxed strength, bad air, poor or improper food, wet feet, luggisa.liver, etc. A regulator and female tonic made from native medicinal roots witipure glycerin, and without the use of alcohol, calledDR. PIERCE'S FAVORITE PEiSSCB-IPTCOZ?,has proven its value in thousands of cases, like the following :Mns. Mauti:;. one-cent stamps,GEO. W- DAVISFDNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMEE.BOTH 'PHONES DAY 13 7 ; NIGHT 299.II The Best is nonean dmake the Women happy.Dodson & DentonPARIS. KY.East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFctf reliable telephone service,, both -local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atPari, Millersburg, North JMiddletown, Little Rock anRuddles Milb."When you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service.' 1The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedEnds Winter's Troubles.To many winter is a?season o.f trouble. The frost-bitten toes and fingerschapped hands and lips, chilblains,cold sores, red and rough skins.provethis. But soch troubles fly beforeBucklen's Arnica Salve. A trial convinces, Greatest healer of burns,boils, piles, cuts, sores, bruises, eczema and sprains. 25c at Oberdorfer's.Insure with W. O. HintonPrompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfJJnnie LmqbmManicuring 35 Cemts,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglCtfEast Tenn. Phoe 669LOWRY & TALBOTTALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.Mrs. Dona. M. Maktin, of Auburn, .Near., Koute l, aoxjn. 5.173:"I thought I would write you. in regard to what your medicines havadone for me. I have used them for thirty years for female troubtand general weakness with the very best result, and they have savci.me hundreds of dollar-, in doctors' bills. I buy the Favorite Prescripttion ' and ' Gelden Medical Discovery ' and take them together. I neverwas disappointed in your remedies and take pleasure m recommendingthem to any suffering lady. I am now almost fifty years old ; atfortyfive I took your medicines, both kinds, and I passed that period veryeasily and left me fat and healthy. I feel like a young girl."If any lady cares to write me, I will gladly tell her more aco-athe good work of your medicines."Dr.' Pierce's Great Family Doctor Book, The People'Common Sense Medical Advisor, newly revised up-to-datsedition ot 1008 pages, answers hosts of delicate questiocuwhich every woman, single or married, ought to know.Sent free in cloth binding to any address on receipt of 32.10 cover casi ul vriayius -too good for you.rVlodern Equipment.4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty..CARL CRAWFORHJoe. G. Mitchell,Against Fire,Tornada andLightning. Two ofd reliable, prompt payiag companies. Phone 162Agent.will not be yours unless youhave a parlor stove as artisticas it is serviceable. Have alook at the stoves in this harcUware store. They are brightand attractive and really betterheat makers than the ugliestold stove you ever saw. Prettiness costs nothing either.Plain stoves cannot be boughtNEWBARBERSHOPJLI7I8cheaperVTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB. .9. 1912.PUBLIC SALEOFREAL ESTATE: : And Personal Property : :oeated in and Around the City Limits of Paris, Ky., onWednesday, Feb. 21, 1912,At 10 o'clock a. m.Having sub-divided my farm, I will offer afe public sale, WITHOUTESBRVE, the following tracts: . -;Tract No. 1 contains 24 acres. 'Tract No. 2 contains 3 acres.Tract "No. 3 contains 3 acres.Tract No. 4 contains 3- acres. -Tract No. 5 contains Az acres.Tract No. 6 contains 5 acres.Tract No. 7 contains acres.All fronting on Georgetown pike. (Tract No. 8 contains 10 H acres. 'Tract No. 9 contains 14 acres.Above two tracts have a 30 foot road to Georgetown pike.Tract No. 10 contains 42 acres, fronting on Georgetown pike.Said tract has a four-room cottage, good cistern, tobacco barn, 48x74 ft,,- q other outbuildings, all in good repair.14 building lots on Eighth street, 40x200 feet each.1 three-room house, stock barn and three acres of land on Gano street.At the same time and place I will sell the following personal property:4 extra good young Jersey cows, fresh ;2 sows and pigs, 7 shoats, 1 extra good young male hog ;2 2-horse wagons. 1 set wagon harness, 1 mower, 1 disc harrow, 1 A:arrow, plows, cultivators, etc.500 7-tb. locust fence posts, 25 large 10-ft. gate and end posts, locust.7,000 tobacco sticks, and many other things too numerous to mention.TERMS On real estate, one-third cash, balance in three equal payments, due in 1, 2 and 3 years, with lein on note, bearing interest at 6 pernt, or if purchaser desires to pay all cash, will allow a discount of 2 pert ent. on deferred payments.On personal property, all sums of $20 and under, cash, all sums over thisu mount, 4 months with bankable note without interest.Sale, at 10 o'clock sharp.Free Lunch and Burgoo.GEO. RASSENFOSS.For further information, address Harris & Speakes, Paris, Ky.Col. Geo. D. Speakes, Auct.PUBLIC SALEOFStock and Farming ImplementsHaving decided to quit farming and engage in the poultry business, Twill sell onThursday, February 15, 1912,at 10 o'clock at "Oakland Stock Farm,Ridge pike the following stock and farHORSES, MULES, PONIES.1 pair chestnut draft mares, one infoal to jack and one to horsfa ;1 pair red sorrel draft mares, in foalto horse ;1 sorrel addle and harness mare infoal ;3 work muls, good ones ;1 2-year-old Percheron colt ;2 2-year-old harness colts ;1 2-year-old filly ;1 yearling filly :1 aged family, horse ;1 pony gentle for lady or child todrive.CATTLE, HOGS. SHEEP.4 Jersey cows, 1 red cow ;1 black pole cow, will be fresh dayof sale;1 red cow, fresh by day of sale ;1 mountain cow, fresh by day ofsale;2 Jersey Heifers, 1 yearling red bull,1 yparling steer ;13 home raised yearling hejfers,etxra good ;1 sow, will pig in March ;1 sou& and 6 pigs, 1 sow and 10 pigs ;" 24 miles from Paris, on the Canem implements:1 sow and 5 pigs ;20 shoats, will weigh- about 65 lbs. ;21 shoats, will weigh about 100 pounds;40 sheep, extra good ones, will lambMarch 1.FARM IMPLEMENTS.1 Avery wagon, good as new :1 hay frame, 1 Deering binder ;1 Dering mower, 1 bull rake;2'check-rower corn .planters, 1Hoosier drill ;1 Bemus tobacco setter ;1 riding breaking plow, 1 disc harrow ;1 douole disc harrow, 2 section harrow ;1 double A harrow ;4 two horse cultivators, 2 one horsecultivators:4 breaking plows, 2 double shovelplows ;1 iron roller, 1 marker, 1 drag ;4 sets wagon harness ;1 buggy and harness, good as new ;1 hog vat;Double trees, single trees, hoespitchforks, and many other things toonumerous to mention.All my implements are good, having been used but one year.Sale rain or shine. Everything will be sold without reserve or by-bid.TERMS All sums under $25 cash, over that amount, six months creditwith negotiable note, bearing interest at 6 per cent, from date of sale.D L. LEGGETT.G. D. Speakes, Auct. E. T. Phone 61 6STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESThere is said to be a movement toestablish enother loose leaf tobaccowarehouse in Carlisle.The Boys' Corn Growing Club atWinchester is attracting a great dealof attention in Clark. It is said thatSuperintendent Lanter expects 100contestants. More than half a centruyago Clark county took the prize incompetition with the whole State.Howard Gibson, of Scott, sold hisfarm on the Lexington pike nearGeorgetown, containing 136 acres toMr. Wm, Preston, of Lexington, andpurchased of his father, J. S. Gibson,881 acres. The price was private.The famou3 show hog, Artfal Master, belonging to Lugan Bryan, ofNorth Middletown, has pneumonia.The hog was undefeated in the showring last season and Mr. Bryan has refused a handsome price for him. Heis being treated by Dr. Frank P. Campbell, of Paris.David Prewitt sold publicly at thecourt house door in Paris Monday thefarm of Mrs. L. H. Prewitt, containing 243 acres, lying near Cane Ridge,to Mr. Calvert Meng, of near NorthMiddletown. Price $82.50 per acre.Mr. Raimey, of Mt. Sterling, was thecontending bidder. Harris & Speakesconducted the sale.Matlack & Shropshire, of Winchester, sold to Col. C.L. Railey, the four-year-oldbay mare, Juniata, by Bourbon Chief, dam by Red Cloud, Theprice is private but known to be agood one. She was a member of theshow stable of that firm last year andtook a number of premiums, being exhibited at the Bourbon Fair last September. This is the first saddle animalthis firm has sold in the past few weeksat high prices.Acting upon the suggestion of Col.W. Showalter, of Scott county, one ofthe moat prominent and influentialbreeders and thoraughbred owners inthe South, the breeders, owners andtrainers of thoroughbreds in Kentuckyare preparing a petition, to be presented at an early date, to the officialsof the racing associations at Juarezand Charleston, where racing is nowin progress, urging that the numberof races for two-year-olds at thosetracks be increased to the extent of oneor more each racing day.Arrangement are being made atCarlisle for the annual corn show ofthe Boys' Corn Club and Rural SchoolFair, of Nicholas county, to be heldMarch 2. There will be a large gathering of educators there on that occasicnand someof the leading men of theState will deliver addresses. Samplesof the corn raised last season by theboy will be exhibited and prizesawarded. The corn club for 1912 willbe organized and sped distributed. Aboys' fruit growing contest will be inaugurated and a poultry or flowergrowing contest for Lthe girls of therural districts.The Mt. Sterling Advocate says:"A sale of finely bred horse stock washeld here Thursday by Greene Bros.The best prices were $220 for Greene'sBourbon, by Bourbon Chief ;Miss Maggard, by Wilson's King, for $212.50;Pearl, by Cecil Wilkes, for $187.50.The other prices ranged from $65 to$145. Twelve head were sold for a total of $1,640, or an average of $136 perhead. A pair of aged mules sold for$150. The sale was well attended bylocal buyers, but no foreign buyerswere present."On the theory that ministers inrural districts will be better able toperform their duties and get into closer touch with the farmers if they understand modern farm methods, J. W.Newman, Commissioner of Agriculture, will establish a special agrcultural school for ministers at the StateUniversity in Lexington during Julyand August next. Each minister r willbe entitled to a two weeks' coursefree, and Mr Newman thinks he willbe able to arrange it so that the ministers will not have to pay any boardduring the time they are in Lexington.Mr. Newman says he has talked tomany ministers of the rural districtsand the suggestion for a course inagriculture has met with favor.English College for Women.One of the flourishing women's colleges in England Is Bedford college,which existed for many years in Bakerstreet, London, and is now transferredto a beautiful new building In themiddle of Regent's park, looking on tothe lake, and sui rounded by lovelylawns and flower gardens; almost arealization of Tennyson's "Princess."Public Sale of Desirable Building Lots.On Saturday, Feb. 10,'12,at2p. m.9m the premises, I will sell to the highest and best bidder, the following described property, to-wit: . . ..t-. u..;u;irtfo f,.nfi"vicr 4-1-Ia ffiftt each on Mt. Airv. Pans. Kv., andXWU UU11UL11 ii.wiiui4.j-, - - " -extending back 217 feet. ,These lots adjoin the property of Mrs. Henry Spears, and are excellentouilding sites, being level, high and dry, and have concrete pavements infront They are in a good neighborhood, convenient to the business part ottown, and are the most desirable building lots on the market, and anyonedesiring to purchase a home site should attend this sale.One lot fronting 85 feet on Stoner avenue and extending back betweenparallel lines to creek. It has a two story brick building, suitable -or a bus-mess iiuustJ vi wareiuum. . 5TERMS One-third cash, balance in two equal payments, due in ope andtwo years vthhj. . oiunui.For further information call on Harris & Speakes, Paris, Ky. George13. Speakes, Auctioneer.Public SaleOFDESIRABLEModern Cottage For Sale Publicly!On Monday, February 12, 12, at 2 p. m.,on the premises, corner Lilleston avenue, in Paris, Ky., I will sell to thehighest bidder, mv new cottage, containing tour rooms, large reception hall,bath comnlerp mnfrv two porches and splendid concrete cellar. It iswired ellfecSj" hi h2tPMd cold, water throughout, a 40 gallon hotwater uS'in kitchen. It has a good coal house and henhouse.These improvements have just been completed, are well built of thebest material, and modern and convenienfem every Particular. .Lot is 45 feet, more or less, by 130 foot, to a lo foot alley, has concreteiZgT a good, welliigKted street, and convenient to cityschools. 'Terms made known on day of-sale. ' . . 1JOHW CAIN. Jr.For further information address Harris & Speakes, Paris, KyfCol. Geo. 'D. Speakes,' Auctioneer. ': -SUBURBAN HOMEOn Thursday, Feb. 29, 1912,. at 1 o' clock, p. m.vj?ernary Clearance1SALEBeginning February 3, and WillLast Until March 2.V fOur Entire Stock Will Be Cut 40 per. cent DuringThis Great Clearance Sale.9x12 Smith Axminster Rug $18.759x12 Smith Velvet Rug $16.009x12 Seamless Tapestry Rug. .$ 13.759x12 3-seam Tapestry .Rug $10.50Tapestry Brussell Carpet; per yd 75cAxminster Carpet, per yd $1.00Ingrain Carpet, per yd 29c up to 70cMattings , 14c, 18c, 22c, 25cFloor Oil Cloth 1 c up to 28cLinoleum 50c up'to $1.20Folding Beds $10.75 up to $35.00Ranges, Cook Stoves and HeatersCut to the Quick.A Nice Oak Dining Chair 85cGenuine Leather Seat Chair $2.25Davenports $18.75 up to $38.00Sideboards $16.75 up to $36.00China Closet $10.75 up to $35.00Extension Table $4.25 up to $24.00Buffets $16.75 up to $36.00Bedroom Suits $22.75 up to $125Odd Dressers $7.75 up to $40.00Iron Beds $1.95 up to $20.00Brass Beds $14.75 up to $48.00Felt Mattress, 45 lb .. :$6.75Wood Wool Mattress $5,25A. F. Wheeler Fcirniture Co.Paris, KentuckyCor. Mairi and Third Sts. CHAS. A. GREEN. Mgr. Odd. Court Hm,sise. BFOR RENT.I have for rent or will lease for aterm of years the best livery and salebarn in Paris, Kentcuky. Situatedcorner Second and Main streets, opposite Windsor Hotl, posseession givenJan. 1, 1912. E. T.P hone 198.J. H. BUTLER,12 tf Paris, Ky.Professional CardsJ J. WITjIjIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAVW .Room 1 Elks Building.PUBLIC SALEOFDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Ofliee 514 Main Street.Ofiice Phones TI J.J.UUIC lOU.Residence( E. T. 334.Home 334.Stock, Farm Implements, TR a. h keller,' U Pkacticing Physician.Etc.Offices, 'RoomsParis,4 and o.Elk's Bld'gKentuckyNOTICETOBUTCHERS AND FARMERS!Market Price I am" Paying ForHides:BeefHides, 10 1-4 to 11 1-2Cents per lb.MAX MLNICK,8th' Street, PARI?, KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 374Having decided to quit farming, Iwill sell at public auction, at my 'father's place on the Bethlehem pikeabout fonr miles from' Paris, on ;Thursday, Feb. 22, 1 9 12, jPUBLIC SALE Of A FINE FARM,Stock, Crop, Farming Implements, Etc..rf"V . .at ten o'clock a. m.t the following sdiuraay, reoruary 17, atlU a. m.jstock and farm implements: I . , ...1 team horse mules, 7 and 8 years u"ieuusBi.' x W1U seu ai puoiic outcry, to tne highest bidder, my farm.old;1 team horse mules, 6 to 7 years old;1 horse mule, G years old;uam, aiuoL- tenant, nuuse, caDm, large looacco Darn, stock barn, com cribcarriage house, meat house, hen house, spring house, large spring and splendid orchard. All outbuildings are in first-class vtmnir.I will sell at public auction on thepremises in East Paris, at 256 Mainstreet, my home place, consisting ofabout ten "acres of land, with all necessary improvements thereon, a largetwo story brick house with nine roomsand halls, porches, large cellars, Lath"00m, hot and cold water upstairs anddown, electric lights and fixtures, meathouse, chicken houses, buggy andcarriage house, cistern, etc.TERMS Made known on day of sale.Prospective purchasers are invitedto call and inspect the premisesAt the same time and place will alsosell publicly one Hollhday hucrgy. onebarouche and a lot of household furniture. 1MRS, SALLIE Ct McMIbLANT,,: . ' - ' P.aris,u'Ky.of 121 acres, situated four miles from Millersburg, Kv., ou the Headquarters and Summit Station turnpike.The farm is situatad S miles from narlieip.1 horse mule, 14 years old; ' quarters, ana is one ot the best farms m this section, being highly produc-These mules are about 16 hands high "vb, uiu ui guou tuoacco iana. it contains 4b acrcs of Blue Grass sod, 20and are extra good workers; a5es m timothy, 14 acres good clover, balance in high state of cultivation.1 8 year old mare bv Blue Chester, has an abundance of water.in foal to Red McDonald; and one extra ine improvements consist of a residence of six rooms, two porches andnice driver;1 colt, by Taylor Simmons :117 ewes, bred to lamb in March; .2 cows with young calves;14 sows, bred to farrow in March;1 Duroc boar;1 Poland China boar;70 80-lb, shoats:1 Moyer rubber-tired buggy;1 break cart;1 Old Hickory wagon and bed;'1 StudebaKer wagon and bed ;1 wagon frame;1 10-disc Hoosier drill;2 Deering binders;1 Randall harrow;1 smoothing harrow;3 steel beam Vulcan breaking- ulows:1 wooden beam Vulcan breaking'plow;2 Brown Walking cultivators;1 Brown riding cultivator,41 Avery walking cultivator;1 Black Hawk corn planter;1 bull rake; ,1 Deering mower;12 hog houses, on runners;300 shocks of fodder;Some corn;Six sets of wagon and plow gears;1 set buggy harness;1 Chicago horse-clipping machine;1 grind stone, etc., etc.TERMS All sums of $25 and undercash. Over that amount a credit ofsix months will be allowed on oodbankable note, bearing interest at therate of six per cent per annum fromday of sale until paid.LLOYD ASHURST, JR.,R. F. D. No. 8, Paris, Ky.Home phone 519.' M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.; -"31an-tdii jijubuunuinffs are in nrst-ciass venair.This is a very desirable farm, located in a erood farming difrint. nm! nnv, one in the market for a farm should hot fail to attend this sale.j At the same time and place, I will sell the following stock, crop and im-2 brood mares, good workers, 1 6-year-old mare, Red Cloud and Kingstock, with foal by King Chieftain ; - U .1 5-year-old mare, with foal by Fair Promise;1 4-year-old mare, 1 3-year-old mare. 1 3-year-old gelding;2 stud colts by Bourbon Chief, coming 2-year-olds;2 yearling stud colts, one of them by Fair Promise;1 extra good milk cow, 4 years did ;4 brood sows and pigs, 13 shoats, will weigh 100 pounds:1 Poland Chira boah37 sheep with lambs;Some timothy hay in barn ; ,1 McCormick Binder, 1 McCormick Mower, 'l McCormick Hay'KakeTlnew Disc Harrow, 1 Check Rower, 2 Wagons, 1 Sled. 1 Buggy, about 14,000Tobacco Sticks ; , 'Some household goods, and many other things too numerous to -mention.TERMS Ori personal property, $25 and under cash, over this amount, (months, with good note at 6 per cent, interest.On farm, one-third cash, balance in two equal payments, due in one andtwo years, with (i per cent, interest, and lien retained on land for deferredpayments, purchaser to have privilege of paying a greatet amount, or altcash if he so desires. Possession given March 1, 1912.For further information, address Harms & Speakes. Paris, Ky.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.eot -'-r-FOR SALE!75 to 80 acres between L. & N. E. R. and Clinton vflle pilce.A Rood proposition for either sub-division or truck farm,very near Paris city limits. Price right if sold in the riekttwo weeks. Call or write owners, , :N. W. GRATZ. Trust Co., LexUjgtan, Kr:Vtfii K-Again in Newspaper field.Ed C. Walton, formerly editor of theStanford Journal has purchased theSomerset Timea from Cecil 'Williams.For some time Mr. Walton has beenengaged in newspaper work in Florida, jGame Called OH.The basket bull game which was toA SALE F Ii ifhave been played Wednesday evening iin the High School gymnasium between the Paris and Richmond HighSchool teams was called off on account411V14'1IIIi5'5'Jif1f0r "SpecialShort Profit Sale"JS jVoW 02Jrery One is Pleased Mdth the GreatBargains They Are Getting inWatches, Clocks, Jewelry, Silverware,Cut Glass, Etc"It's Better to Buy Them Than to Wish You Had."Why Not Get That Watch To-day?HERE ARE SOME OF OUR PRICES: .$58.00 Watches, now $46.40 $55.00 Watches, now $44.00$40.00 Watches, now. $32.00 $30.00 Watches, now $24.00$24.00 Watches, now $19.20Similar Reductions on All OthersOur Umbrellas at $2.75 are especially good values.See the $24.00 Hand-Painted Punch Bolw in our window; theprice is being reduced $1.00 each day until sold. Put in your bidat whatever price you are willing to pay, you may get it.Watch our window and take advantage of the bargains shownor tne Kicnmona team, xne raristeam will go to Richmond tonightwhere they expect to take the HighSchool boys of that city into camp. Z iEqualization Board.The Hoard of Equalization for theState will meet id Frankfort tomorrowto organize and begin the work ofequalizing the taxes of the entireState. The fnames of the new members of the board have not been givenout by Gov. McCreary, although hehas made the appointments. He sEidhe wanted to hear from all his appointees before announcing tnem. TheGovernor will name four members Jofthe board and there will be holdovers.Woodford W. Longmoor, of Frankfortwill be one of the secretaries of theboard.Fire Box Explodes.A fire box in a large range at thehome of Dr. D. S. Henry, on Cypressstreet, blew out Monday morning scattering fragments of the stove all overthe room and the negro cook escapedinjury only by leaving the kitchen afew minutes before the explosion occurred. The fire box had frozen duringthe night and when the cook kindled abig fire in the stove the explosion resulted. Dr. Henry and his family wereaway from homt at the time.Fire,wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.Wants to Open Saloons.After being "dry" four years thebusiness pepple of Lebanon want toreturn to the saloons. To the absenceof saloons is attiibuted I the ! generalstagnation of business and a petitionwill be circulated calling for an election at an early date.For Sale Cheap.One "Leer System" file,condition. Will sell cheap.Apply at News office.In goodlor cash.tfWHITEComprising WhiteGoods, WashGoods, MuslinUnderwear andOther LinesKaufman, Straus & Co.,WOLF, WILE & COMPANY, SuccessorsHonor Pupils ol Fo.d's MillSchool.The examinations for the month ofJanuaryx show the following pupils ofFord's Mill School, taught by MissBessie Talbott,' deserving of honorablemention :Jennings Taylor, '97 ; Mabel Galloway 95, Louise Wilcox, 94, MarionGalloway, 94, Estes Sloop 94, EverettGalloway, 92, Jessie Galloway 91,Sherman Gardner 91, Fannie Williams90, Anna Webb 92.. Every announcement this firm makes through thecolumns of the Newspapers contains a distinct and important message to the prudent and economical purchaser ofMerchandise from this establishment. The goods offeredare of interest for one reason or another, either it is theprice, or the exceptional quality or both. The prices areno doubt in most cases the attraction, backed up by sterlingqualities for which this firm and its predecessors haveacquired standing among all classes of Lexington's population and those of our surrounding country. We may add,that these goods offered here, are not bought for specialsale purposes, but are our regular carried high-class qualityof merchandise. No seconds, no refused styles or hardstock.Jaufman, Straua 5c Co,,Wolf, Wile & Company Successors. ' fa. LEXINGTON, KY. !Our January Clearance Sale hasleft us us with too big a stock ofODDand rather than carry them over, weare making liberal reductions onthem prices that will move themout quickly.Right now is PSNTS TINE, whenyou need a pair to tide you over thewinter.. You'll save money bybuying them during our FebruaryPants Sale.Included in our stock are Paragon, thefinest made; Dutchess, a medium, popularpriced line, guaranteed 10c a button, $1.0$or a new pair if they rip and in WorkingPants the Keystone brand. Every pant inour house is included rione excepted.t : : y m-1 IEasy in Any Position;Gome to-day. AH sizes from30 to 52 waist, 29 to 36 length,$2.00 Keystone Pants, I mqSale Price dlilO2.50 Dutchess Pants, I QASale Price UIO3.00 Dutchess Pants, 1 QftSale Price IiOO3.50 Dutchess Pants, ft jaSale Price &HQ4.00 Dutchess Pants, ft qqSale Price......5.00 Dutchess Pants, ft QftSale Price Ui306.00 Paragon Pants, M QftSale Price HmSO6.50 Paragon Pants, E AOSale Price Ui4Q7.50 Paragon Pants, EJ QQSale Price 3i303.50 Paragon Pants, ftSale Price. ... O.UOKeystone Corduroys at aboveprices.SEE WINDOWDISPLAYJ.W.DAVIS & COMAIL ORDERSPARIS, KY.FILLED'-4teSt "THE -BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, -FEB. 9, 1912.life BOURBON NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THC ECSTPERSONAL MEftTiON.Miss Nettie Locknane isrelatives in Winchester.visiting:Mr. William Myall was in Lexington Tuesday on business.Capt. F.Baden. Ind.,E. Nelson is atfor a short stay.WestSomething New In Valentines.erykind, size and price, from ajy up. From the comic to the'beautif-1, Valentine postcards, j.& thing new.( , PARIS BOOK STOREMisa Bessie Wilson is visiting'Mrs.Chas. Highland in Mt. Sterling.j Turney, Mrs. W. R. Scott and Mrs,Clifton Arnsparger each reading a; paper relating to his life, characterI and works, while each member tooksome character from his books as thesubject of a' short talk.i Miss Nora McDermott is visitingfriends in Lexington.Mrs. Henry Grosche has returnedrrom a visit to ner parents in Dayton,Ky.Miss Nell Whaley is visiting hersister, Mrs. Hoffman Wood, in Mt.Sterling."pis Position in Lexington..rge Rassenfcss, Jr., Son of Mr.Mrs. Georga Rassenfoss, ha5M Leo a position in the office of theMarch Furniture Co. in Lexing-Mattress.. felt mattiess, $10.00 now 6.onth only.A. F. WHEELER & CO.Mrs. W. H. Harris will leave Saturday for Chicago to visit relatives.business visitor in Lexington Tuesday.! Miss Vertner Snell is visitine Mr.and Mrs. John B. Penn, in Georgetown.-Mrs. Curtis Henry is visiting her V1H1L tu in in,a C1-parents, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Burns w, Miss Nettie Horton, of Montin Carlisle. ! gomery county, is visiting her sister,Mrs. Latesby Woodford, near thiscity.Stated Meeting.e will be a stated convocation?r s Chapter No. 15 Royal Arch...i held this evening at seven:. The degrees will be conferredir candidates and a full attendr t the members is desired.For Sale.Rugs,S18 75 thisi Axminsterh only.A. F. WHEELER & CO.Secret Ballot.. nator Thomas of this county introJed a bill Tuesday providing thati . hool officers and school measureshi be secret ballot, but the ballot:i2.3 be on a separate sheet of paper:jv i all other ballots used in any elecun. For Sale.27x50, 1 this monthA. F. WHEELER & CO.elvet rugsHome Damaged by Fire.At London the home of Mr. RussellJ;che was damaged by fire as a resultof an overheated stove pipe settingfire to the cei'mg of the kitchen. Mr.iJyche is a brother-in-iaw of Messrs.Ernest and Walter Martin of this city.Savos One-Half.Save one half your clover seed and.nsure a stand. See the clover seeddrill on sale by Yerkes & Prichard. Itwill do it. 9 8tAny Port Wins Stake.Mr. Catesby Woodford's Any Fortwii the Columbia selling stakes' atPalmetto Park, ; Charleston, S. C,WeJnesday. The stake was valued at$1,209. Any Port was bid to the handsome figure of 52,000 and retained byI -i owners.Mrs. Come Watson Baird is theguest of Mrs. W. J. Kennedy in Carlisle for a few days.Mrs. J. W. Overlj has returnedto her home in Fleming county after aFor Sale.thismonth only1 50 lace curtains" A; F. WHEELER & CO.Mr. and Mrs. D. C. Parrish leftyesterday for a sojourn of severalweeks in Florida.Mrs. Julia Turner is quite ill atthe home of her daughter, Mrs. Walker Muir, on Vine street.Mrs. Newton Taylor who is undertreatment at the St. Joseph Hospitalin Lexington, is improving rapidly.Mrs. Edward Faulconer, of CannelCity, arrived Monday to be the guestof her parents, Mr. and Mrs. T. T.Templin.Th little son of Mr. anJ Mrs. Robert George, who has been quite ill atthe home of his parents on South Mainstreet, is improving.Mrs. Amne Prichard and Mrs.Allie Dickson, of North Middletown,left Monday for Martinsville, Ind ,for several days' stay.Mrs. Logan Bryan, of NorthMiddletown, who has .been the guestof her parents, Mr., and Mrs. A. B.Coons in Georgetown, has returnedhome.Messrs. W. L. Harris, F. S. Elderand W. G. Slaughter left yesterday forNashville where they will attend theannual banquet given by the NationalLife and Accident Insurance Co., toits employes.The -Paris Literary Dlub held ameeting Wednesday afternoon, themater of discussion being ElizabethBarrett Browning. Mrs. W. O. Hinton, Mis. Harry B. tUlay, Miss LucySimms and Mrs. Walter Payne gavecharming talks of this interestingliterary character, with readings fromher "Sonnets from the Portuguese."-Among those who attended theperformance of Montgomery and Stonein "The Old Town" at LexingtonWednesday were Mr. and Mrs. LeePrice, Mrs. Joseph Davis, MissesBe?sie, Msyme and Lottie Hpllariay,Robert Frank, Bennett Thomas,Bruce Miller, Chas. Peddicord, Chas.Fithian, D. Y. L. Farley. Mr. andMrs. Swift Champ, Dr. and Mrs. M.H. Dailey, Mr. and Mrs. P. A. Thompson, Charlton Clay and Stokeley Rion.Miss Gladys Ashurst has returnedto her howie near this city after a visitto Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Ecton in Winchester. Mrs. Walter Payne and daughter,Eleanor, left yesterday for Warsaw tovisit her mother, Mrs. J. J.. Payne.Mr. John Lair, who has been living in Cynthiana for some time. will inthe spring move to his farm in thiscounty to reside.Mrs. Withers Davis and littledaughter, Anne Jouett, are' visitingMrs. Davis' parents, Mr. and Mrs. E.S. Jouett, in Winchester.Miss Statie Cheatham, daughterof Mr. Herman Cheatham, of Carlisle,formerly of this city, underwent anoperation a few days ago at her homein that city for the removal of adnoids.Mrs. Swift Champ gave an auctionbridge party yesterday afternoon incompliment to Mrs. James H. Thompson and her gues Mrs. A. J. Carroll,of Louisville.There were four tables. The guestof honcr prize was a silver tea straineron a crystal rest. At each of thetables a prize was given for the highest score which were cut glass iue teaglasses. The winners were Mns. Duncan Bell, Mrs. V. W. Ferguson, Mrs.M. H. Dailey and Mrs. ThompsonTarr.Mrs. Champ's guests were Mrs. A.J. Carroll, Mrs. Charlton Alexander,Mrs. J. M. Hall, Mrs. James H.Thompson, Mrs. Robert H. Ferguson,Mrs. Henry Butler, Mrs. Frank M.Clay,, Mrs. W. E. Board, Mrs. B. A.Frank, .Mrs. W. M. Shobe, Mrs: BriceSteele, Mrs. Harry Mathers, Mrs.Duncan Bell, Mrs. M. H. Dailey, Mrs.V. W. Ferguson and Mrs. T. H. Tarr.BIRTHS.A Costly Slap.MRS. THOMPSON'S RECEPTION.A brilliant reception was thatwhich Mrs. James Harrah Thompsongave Tuesdav afternoon for her house. t a 4-Umt t n 11Louisville, and Mrs. Wm. Berry, ofVersailles, and the beautiful youngbride of the family, Mrs. Robert HumeFeronson.occurred in j -'Woodlawn Villa" is onp. of the mostnight. Will attractive homes in Bourbon Countv.In :.n altercation whichllii'-iierville WednesdayW.Hncftn o nniyrn c Inimtifi iYT 'inrmn i t . j j i' - " l " 1 1 1 1 iui unwti, a n&i, sioi'fu ; il s exquisite lurmsmngs naa aaaeuI" rktr. Johnson was arrested by Con- , beautv in vases of American Beautyttd i.e Perry Rice and was fined S20 . r0Ses that looked well against the whiteMiosis in Squire Fretwell's court !ami gold background. The entireyttrday morning, lhe negro was i iower floor was thrown together andtziA to jail to work out his fine. , was a bower of American Beauties.iKillarny roses, pink sweet peas andj Lawson pinks, with palms and ferns asMiss Lillie Daniel has leased a part ! a &aceul background tor allof .Mis. Wrenn's millinery store ,No. j The drawing room where the guestsmX. Main street, Lexineton. Ky.J wereceved vas entirely in Amenaru will open on Februarv 12 an Art ?an Beauties. The dining room, with-euniework department Will be pre-! snch mahogany, was decorated mImi to take orders for all kinds of Killaney roses and sweet peas Thelarge rouna taoie was set wilo ncnBorn, on February 5 to the wife ofClaude Tobin, a daughter.,Born, January 28, to the 'wife ofJas, Robertson, near Paris, a son.' Born, in this city, ton January 31to the wife of Geo. Hall, a son.Born, in this city, to the wife ofL. C. Story, nee Hays, of Vanceburg,a son.Born, on Tues:ky to thewifeofAllie Barnet, who liveson the Greenwich pike, a daughter.Born, January 2b, to the wife ofH. S. Cay wood, a son, The. infantlived but a short time.To the Ladies of Bourbon.Expert Cutter.Call at our store en February 12 or13 and let Mr. Swafrield, cutter for theGlobe Tailoring Co.. of Cincinnati,take-your measure foi that new springsuit. He will have an elegant line ofpiece goods to select from.9 n MITCHELL & BLKEMORE.Saves OneHaiit.ur.bioidery. Special attention will begiven to stamping fancy goods andneedle work. Material will be carriedin .stock. She solicits your patronage.Money Well Spent.Diring our February Clearance Salewe are offering iron beds as lowun to S20.A. F. WHEELER & CO.Will Install New Fountain.Save one half your 'clover seed andinsure a stand. See the clover seeddrill on sale by Yerkes & Prichard. Itwill do it. . " c) 8tNOTICEM ay E. Griffith's Exor. - - Plaintiffvs. -NoticeHer Legatees, etc. Defendants.MtoVenetian lace and had for a center ipiece a mound of Killarny roses and jpink sweet peas surrounded by a lat- Itice of Colporte holding pink sweet Ipeas.The sun parlor, where chanipagnepunch was served, was lovely in pink 1as J carnations, palms and ferns with wall ,vases ot pink ana white sweet .peas, jAt a beautifully appointed table Mrs. iWilliam Ferguson and Miss Margaret! Ferguson served punch.Tr;i Sto..roon, ecU1)ied by Mr. C Z ft jJ5. ...itchell is being improved with u roMfnn !n., . .: - l j : : LUC iuuiii uujuiuiuf; uhuhhjii... iici-uur i'unisning anu papering , ',A n:j0J nVltU dllU iUit Aiiliiv-i nu&vi v. ' , , . jchocolate. This table had for its deco-1rations a tall vase of Lawson pinks'and surrounding this were platter of 'pink and white confections. A de-,licious luncheon was served to about Itwo hundred guests who responded !during the hours. Behind a bank ofDalms and ferns sweet musicwas heardCliilfnrobes, $16.75. America j from a harp orchestra.-I- Highly nolished for this Mrs. Thompson's reception was aonly. j tribute to her charm and beauty, forA. F. WHEELER & CO. j she is very handsome and a most gra-:; cious hostess.- For this occasion herAfter Steve Kane. igown was of pale blue chiffon with,trimmings or oanas or aucn sslace and crystal fringe. She wore a tcorsage boquetbf ;weet violets. ;Mrs. Carroll, who was before her!marriage the brilliant Miss Sallie ;Holt, of Frankfort, was handsome in a :pale violet gown picked out with delicate ,; lace, and wore a string or pearls around !hftp nprlr !man Mrs. Ferguson, a petite beauty of- mI the brunette type, was lovely in a gown : We Will have on opecial bale. i of! white meteor with crystal trimming,; - . . ,v and carried "a large bunch of sweet the tOllOWing articles:iu";t;l will install a new soda water i'a.n which he recently purchased, iuisposed of his grocery 3tockt hfcll will devote all his timeMKia fountain and the manu-of home made candy.For Sale.! All persons having claims againstA'lvnnHpr nrPcIHpH over thn eoffee ser- l"e estaie 01 luai'y .nmtn. Ueceas-.IX...w. Z - ,present them, proven as is required bylaw to the undersigned Special Commissioner, at his la omce in the cityof Paris, Ky., on or before the firstday of March, 1912; and that theundersigned will be at. the abovenamed office from this rdate until thefirst day of March, 1912 to receive'saidclaims.c. a. McMillan,Special Commissciner Bourbon CircuitCourt.Jewelry Bargains.Attention is directed to the largeadvertisement on page 4 of C. O.Hinton, the Jeweler. This specialshort profit sale will last until February 24r Many bargaina arebeing offered and the public is takingadvantage Jof them. Read over theadvertisement, visit the store and seefor yourself that the goods are beingsold at from 10 to 20 per cent lessthan the regular price.BROWN'S W LITTLE TABLETSCures Indigestion, Dyspepsia, HeartburnV 60C PACKAGEI$15for this genuineVictor-VictrolaYes sir, a genuineVictor-Victrola for $15.Hardly seems possible,and yet this new instrument embraces all thefu n d a m e n t a 1 VictorVictrola principles.And the unequaledVictor-Victrola tonethat's the most importantthing of all.Come in today andhear it no obligation tobuy, but you won't wantto do without one.Other styles $25 to $250.Victors $10 to $100. Easy termsif desired.DaugbertpBros.334 Main St.Spring Novelties.Wehave ready for your inspection the followingnovelties in their severcl lines that are moving rapidly, and why not you have some of them?White wash Bedford Cords and Piques.White Cotton Voiles in checks, stripes, etc.White and Colored Embroidered Mulls and Crepes. xTissue Voiles, colors in novelty patterns.Domestic and Foreign Ginghams.Surah Jacquards.Bordered Mulls. .Embroidered Laces, White Goods, &c.Come let us show you.ALWAYS THE NU.8W. Ed Tucker IAgent Butterwick PatternsiFee's Cashn 4 mspecials,Friday and SaturdayIILarge 26-oz. jars Sweet Mixed and Sour .Pickles 25cOld-FashionlBlackberry Jam, per lb. . . 1 2 1 -2c16 lbs. GranulatedSugar. 1 .OO8 bars Lenox Soap 25c3 boxes Argo Starch r 1 OcAdmore'sMince Meat, per lb .'..12 1 -2cLTHE HOME OUTFITTER.PrKauI' re!.: "jindent Wm. Neal, cf the Blues League is trying to get Steve'. a former National League un;io umpire in the BJue GrassMr. Kane umpired several:S in this IfspfriiQ lust- cpnenn withU -nect satisfaction to the players andla"., and if he accepts Mr. Neal'ser we are sure that a betterti-ud not be foundTHE FAIR!On Friday NextDressed fowls.times " n,ce 131 aresseOWJS at 311 1 WMrs. j3erry was handsome in white 7-foot Window Shades, 42-inchd P. COOK & COi ! crepe trimmed in pearls. Her flowers ; wide, heavy rollers and a first-were sweec vioieLis. . . pla;s shade 4Wc xThose who assisted in 'entertaining - T i ' i o ' i o i ewere: Mrs. J. M. Hall,. Mrs. .V.Xjw os. 1 and. 2 wick, 2 yards forFprousoh. Mrs. Earl Ferguson, Mrs. E. ! o cents.Egg whips, lc each.Dish mop holders, 2 for 5c.Crepe paper, slightly soiled, 2'lot, containing ahnut 25.00(1 bushels H ATirsps Kate Alexanderif .., i l'CKi'v"li wneat, and a stable in the rear of and Bessie Holladay.me new elevator, the latter also own- Little Misses Alice Rogers Play andby Cogar & Company, were com- Sallie Holt Alexander, of Louisville,etely 'destroyed Dy lire, which origi-, and Master James Thompson, Jr.,rated from an unknown source at 9.45 ffreeted the guests in the hall.. ' Woz-injcHnv Hicernon. tne .procramP: T !,",r"r". f H, nnfi hnnrtrerltlr; l.mUltl,Si0rnadO insur"CC- i "in veVsary oi the blrih of Charles i'v-v.iurtL Gzl Lrr rvurrairv. v nir.kP.n. The 'presmp.ni, iurs. otm,Fire at Midway.Another big fire visited Midway-Knuay night when the lanje rain r? r-iav Jr.. Mrs. Swift Champ. .Mrs.levator of Cogar & Company, located Frank Fithian, Mrs. B.A. Frank Mrs.tween Greenbaum's distillery and Cassius M. Clay, Mrs. Ford -Brent,' for o cents.j Puritan Metal Polish 10c.Musical baby chimes,amuse the little ones, 5c....THE FAIR: ;.... 1 ' ' '. 1willWHAT BLANKETSI have left at cost, and I have not many. Among theseare some EXTRA GOOEj All-Wool. I am also offeringCOMFORTS at greatly reduceH prices. .i" j" mm " JL "IiNIA. . ' ' "' -THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY; "FEB. . 9 1912-IYoung WomenRead what Cardui did for Miss Myria Erigler, ofFaribault, Minn. She says: "Let me tell you how muchgood Cardui has done me. As a young girl, I always hadto suffer so much with all kind of pain. Sometimes, I wasso weak that I could hardly stand on my feet. I got abottle of Cardui, at the drug store, and as soon as I hadtaken a few doses, I began to feel better.Today, I feel as well as anyone can."C ARDU ! WomSsTonicAre you a woman? Then you are subject to a largenumber of troubles and irregularities, peculiar to women,which, in time, often lead to more serious trouble.A tonic is needed to help you over the hard places, torelieve weakness, headache, and other unnecessary pains,the signs of weak nerves and over-work. .For a tonic, take Cardui, the woman's tonic.You will never regret it, for it will certainly help you.Ask your druggist about it. He knows. He sells it.Write W. JLauiea rtuviauij uicim wiiM"wwfc' .." " r ' ; vfor Sptdcd Instructions, and 64-page book. " Home Treatment for Vomen, sent free. J 59Low Round TripRATES.Homeseekers' FaresTo points ''in Arizona, Arkansas,Louisana, Missouri, New Mexico.Oklahoma, Texas, Kansas, Nebraska,Montana, Michigan, Wisconsin, Alabama, Florida and Mississippi. Tickets op sale first and third Tuesdays ofeach menth with final return limit 25days from date of sale except to destinations in Florida, final limit will be12 days from date of sale. Liberalstopovers allowed in homeseeker territory. We also have on sale daily untilApril 30, 1912. with final return limitsMay 31. 1912'Winter Tourist tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida. Georgia,Louisana, New Meixco and Texas,with liberal stopovers allowed.For further information, call on orwriteW. HI HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.w mmWe tell you how, and pay best marketprices, we are aeaiers; estaulishedin lifiG; and can do BETTHR for youthan agents or commission merchants. References any bank in Iouisville. Write for weekly price list.M. SABEL & SONS227-23-31 &33 E. Market St., LOUISVILLE, KY.Dealers in FURS, HIDES, WOOL.FOR SALE PRIVATELY.Eight room frame residence and lotfronting seventy feet and ten incheson Higgins avenue, and two hundredand eight f ee,t deep ; bath room, newroof, gas leading to house; large garden and good cistern.WM. A. GRIMES,E. T. phone 45 or 364.23 tf Paris, Ky.i TWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentWe Are Showing for Fall and Winter StrictlyAll-Wool Worsted, Hand-TailoredSuits at $1 0.00Handsome new Brown and Grey Worsteds and Cassimeresin the newest models, hand-tailored Suits, worth easily $20,our Special $15.Overcoats in evevy new cut and weave, prices range from7.50, $10, $12.50, 15, $18 and 20.We have taken the sale agency for the celebrated EmersonShoe, Brockton, Mass. This is the classiest 4 and $5 men'sShoe made. ,Also the French Shrine hand-made Shoes at $4.The reliable Douglas Shoes S2.50, $3, $3.50.Those rough, fuzzy hairy Hats, 2, 2.5u, 3.Full line of Hawes Van Gal 3 Shoes.Monarch and Lair best 1 Shirts made.Chutt's $1.50 and $2 Shirts, new patterns.Lion Brand slip-easy Collars, 2 for 25c.Full line of Trunks, Suit Cases and Hand-bags.L WOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.An equal division of all the moneyin tbe United States would result ineach man, woman and child possessing$34.61. -That amount is the per capitacirculation, according to the calculation of the Treasury Department,which estimates that the population otthe country has grown frnm 91,972,266,as determined by the census of 1910, tt94.958,000 on February 1, 1912.The stock of money: in America isfast climbing up into the billmns. OnFebruary 1 there was $3,621,572,121 in.the United States. Of this $3,388,302,481 represented the assets of thegovernment and $3,286,239,640 was incirculation. Thirty-three years agothe entire amount in circulation in thiscountry was $916,266,721.The Trials of a Traveler."I am a traveling salesman, "writesE.E. Youngs, E.Berkshire, Vt., "andwas often troubled with constipationand indigestion till I began to use Er.King's New Life Pills, which I havefound an excellent reuiedj." For allstomach, liver or kidney troubles theyare unequaled. Only 25 cents atOberdorfer's.May Buy Remainder of Crop.T. H. Kirk, of Cincinnati, who purchased three of the big lots of the 1909crop of the Burley Society is mentioned as a probable purchaser of the remainder of the croD, amounting tosomething over 12,000,000 pounds.Kirk was in Lexington Tuesday wherehe went before the executive committee of the Burley Tobacco Society toconfer over the purchase of the remaining tobacco, but the hody adjourned before making a sale. NeitherKirk nor the members of the committee would discuss the matter. Theformer returned to Cincinnati and willreturn to Lexington at a later date.Flying Men Fallvictims to stomach, liver and kidneytroubles just like other pp.ople withlike results in loss of appetite, backache, nervousness, headache nd tiredlistless, rundown feeling. But there'sno need to feel like that as T. D.Peebles, Henry, Tenn., proved. "Sixbottles of Electric Bitters, "he writes"did more to give me new strengthand good appetite than all other remedies I used." So they helr otherpeople. Its folly to suffer when thisgreat remedy will help you from thefirst dose. Try it. Only 50 cents atOberdorfer's.Good Work of Barnardo Homes.Nearly twenty-three thousand ninehundred children have now been sentto Canada from England' through, theagency of the Barnardo homes.Regular Habits.It Is a good plan to have a regulartime for reading. One accomplishesbo much more in this way, and besides establishes a kind of intellectual habit that is a good thing in itself. In an hour, or even half anhour given regularly each day to reading, a great deal may be accomplished. Do not confine yourself to seriousbooks. Alternate light with heavyreading, and do not attempt heavyreading when you are tired. Do notread merely to be amused. Treatyour books as friend. Do not followblindly the teachings of any book.Bourbon Garage & Supply Co.- Paris, KentuckyFARMING IMPLEMENTSOF ALL KINDSAUTOMOBILESBourbon Garage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sreets,Paris, KentuckyDR. DOLLE'SSANITARIUM cmToAT,iMEN CURED AT SMALL. COST)Difficult Surgical Operations Performed With 1Skill and Success, When Surgery Is Necessary v,ALL DISEASES OF MEN SSDll PCS PERMANENT CURErlbCO Positively GuaranteedVARIC0CELETWys?uFMRHPTHRF n Stricture, Etc.5AUr I Ur&L Cured by Improved Methodsand RESTORATIVE Treatment in Loss of Vital PowerUVflRftPEI CURED in a Few Days.11 I VIlUUELE. Special Treatment. Tree Information.Don't giro up hope until you have seen old Dr.Dolle! He will give you FREE a thorough examination, and will tell you the Trutlj,Consultation Free and contldential at office orby letter. Twenty Year' experience. Trainedattendants. Beet of care. i2 p. Book on Men'sDiseases Free, upon receipt of 4 cte. forpostage,giving much valuable information. C'allatdoirntown office or writft tnE 625 WALNUT STREET,CINCINNATI. O.Ca LFeminine Curiosity.Little Eleanor's pretty cousin worea new engagement ring, and tbe budding woman regarded tbe ring and thegiver alike with reverent eyes. Onenight when the happy man has. beeninvited to Eleanor's home for dinner,Eleanor, unconsciously gushing, burstforth with: "Oh, Mr. Blank, do pleasetell me. In all 'the love stories I'veread the men propose so sudden.When it's coming on, does it does itfeel anything like a sneeze?"sounds Made Dy Fisn.The skate, when caught, gttrats,groans and gasps pretty much afterthe manner of a human being in distress. Carp and gold fish frequentlyutter curious sounds, but hardlysounds in the meaning of the termhere used, inasmuch as their soundsare produced by approaching the surface of the water and blowing out airin bubbles until a rippling noise isheard."Preserving" the Baby.Young James had seen some flshpickled, and was at once impressedand puzzled by the explanation,, elicited by a long and steady fire of questions, that the salting process was tomake the fish "keep." A little laterhe attended the baptism of an infantfriend and was still puzzled. But atlast a light broke in upon him, andin a shrill tone that could be heardall over the sacred edifice he exclaimed: "Oh, now I know all about it,mother. The water is to make thebaby keep!"Indian Killed on Track.Near Rochelle, 111., an Indian wentto sleep on a railroad track and waskilled by the fast express. He paidfor his carelessness with his life. Often its that way tvhen people neg-; lecfc coughs and colds. Dr King'sj New Discovery will cm re them andso prevent a dangerous throat orj lung trouble. "It completely curedi me in a short time or a terriblecounh that followed a severe attackof grip' writes J. R. Watts, Floydada, Tex., "and I regained 15 poundsin weight that I had lost." Quick,safe reliable and guaranteed. 50cand $1. Trial 'bottle iree at Oberdorfer's.IOnly a Day and Night to New OrleansLOUISVILLE AND NASHVILLE RAILROADWhat it Will Cost You to SeeMardiGrasThe Two Big Days, February 19-20,MondayFebruary 19Arrival ofREX2:00 p. in., andProteus Paradeat night.New Orleans$19.80Mobile$17.90Pcnsacola$20.60TuesdayFebruary 20Parade ofREX10:00 a hi., andComus Paradeat niirht.ROUND TRIP FROM PARISTickets on Sale Daily February 13 to 19, inclusive.Sleeping Car Pare $4.00 to $4.50 Each Way.Liberal Stop-Overs-Limit On Tickets March 1 8.TO APPROXIMATE TOTAL COST for the round-trip, estimate for five days board andlodging at $1 per day in best private homes or $2 per day at first-class hotels to whichadd the above railroad and Pullman fares. For sleeping car reservation applyto any ticket agent Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company.See Descriptive Booklet.That Shining Nose.At the opera the young man whopaid for the seats was engaged for afew tense moments in a study of astunning woman of middle age whosat in the row in front. Then heturned to the girl at his right, andwhispered, "Look at the lady in lavender; what is the matter with hernose?" The girl gave one glance atthe shining "neb," then turned to herescort and whispered: "Enameled."Salt a Universal Production.Salt is pi'oduced in almost everycountry in the world.$100 Reward $100.The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stages, andthat is Catarrh. Hall's Catatrh Cureis the only positive cure now knownto the medical fraternity. Catarrhbeing a constitutional . isase requiresa ccnstitutional treatment. Hall'sCatarrh Cure is taken internal.y, acting directly upon ' he blood and raucous surfaces of the system, therebydestroying the f undation of the disease, and giving the patient, strengthby building up the constitution andassisting nature in doing its work.The proprietors have so much faithin its curative powers that they offer0 e Hundred Dollars for any casethat it fails to cure. Send for list oftestimonials.Address F.J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo O.1 Sold by all druggists, 75c-: Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation ...mMmmmmmmmmmlSTILL AT IT!January Clearance SaleIn Dry Goods, Cloaks, Suits,Furs and MillineryNow Going On.Come InWonderful BargainsIn All DepartmentsTWIN BROS.Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyIinargoien s.The Best ofHome-KilledMeats,Bacon, Lard, Ham,Beef, Pork, Etc.Courier JournalFor 1912Margolen,Paris, Ky.You can not keep posted on current political events unless youread theCourier-Journal,(Louisville, Ky. Henry Watterson, Editor)This Presidential Year.The Tariff will be the issue andthe battle will be a hard foughtone. You can getDaily CourierJournal(Excepting Sunday Issue) andThe Bourbon NewsBoth One Year Tor $5.00.This offer only holds good untilFebruary 29.To get advantage of this cut rate,orders must be sent us, not theCourier-Journal.NEW ORLEANSMOBILEMARDIGRASSPECIAL REDUCED FARESTickets on salt February 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18 and 19Good Urning wmttl Marck 2, 1912, witk Frlvilfgt of IxtansioaSTOPOVERS AT ALL PRINCIPAL POINTSFOB FULL PARTICULARS, GALL ON AKY TICKET A CENT, OR WRITEH. C. KING, W. A. BECKLER,Passenger aad Ticket Agent, General Passenger Agent,Phone 49. 101 B. Main Street, Lexington, Ky. . . IngaJU BuiMi, Ciadmwti. O.41 SBW.' i - -.-, kit-.,.: lV,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB.9 ill?3:!II:!The Poolof FlameCopyright 1909, by Louis Joseph VanceSYNOPSIS.PAPTER L The story opens atie Carlo with Col. Terence O'Rourkeis hotel. O'Rourke, a military freee and something: of a gambler, is"ins for appearance in the restaurantw when the sound of a girlish voiceeins attracts his attention. Leaningon the balcony he sees a beautifulwho suddenly disappears. He rusheshe corridor to see a neatly gowned- enter the elevator and pass fromjjL. u .KOurKe s mind is-3 with thoughts of the girl, and whensoes to tne gaming table he allows his. arkable winnings to accumulate inrently. He notices two men watch, him. One is the Hon. Bertie Glynn.V his companion is Viscount Desbs. a noted duelist. "When O'RourkeLes the table the viscount tells him hepresents the French government andA he has been directed to O'Rourke asman who would undertake a secrettsion.CHAPTER III. At his room O'Rourke.- o had agreed to undertake, the mission,vaits the viscount. O'Rourke finds a- vsterious letter in his apartment. TheIount arrives, hands a sealed packageo O'Rourke, who is not to open it untilor the ocean. He says the French gov--nmentwill pay O'Rourke 25,000 francs'or his services. A pair of dainty slipP'rs are seen protruding from under a'oorway curtain and the viscount chargesO'Rourke with having a spy secretedthere.CHAPTER TV. "When the Irishmangoes to his room he finds there the own-t of the mysterious feet. It is his wife,Beatrix, from whom he had run away ayear previous. They are reconciled, andopening the letter he had received, hefinds that a law firm in Rangoon. India,offers him 100,000 pounds for an Indianjewel known as the Pool of Flame andleft to him by a dying friend. O'Rourketells his wife that it is In the keepingof a friend named Chambret In Algeria.CHAPTER V. O'Rourke is forced tofight a duel with the viscount. The braggart nobleman is worsted In the combatand acts the poltroon.CHAPTER VT. The loyal wife bidsO'Rourke farewell and he promises tosoon return with the reward offered forthe Pool of Flame. He discovers bothGlynn and the viscount on board theship which takes him to Algeria.CHAPTER VII. Chambret has left Algeria and O'Rourke has to gain a military detachment going across the desertto reach his friend. As he finds the latterthere is an attack by bandits andChambret is shot.CHAPTER Vni. Chambret dies telllnirO'Rourke that he has left the Pool ofFlame with the governor general of Algeria. He gives the colonel a signet ringat the sight of which he says the officialwill deliver over the jewel.CHAPTER IX. O'Rourke is attackedby Glynn and the viscount who ransackhis luggage, but he worsts them in theconflict.CHAPTER X. "When he arrives at Algeria the Irishman finds the governorsrenoral away. He receives a note fromDps Trebes making a mysterious appointment.CHAPTER XL The viscount tellsO'Rourke that he has gained possessionof the jewel by stealing it from the safeof the governor general. He does not,however, know who has offered the reward for it. He suggests a duel with-aplers. the victor to get that informationand the jewel. jCHAPTER XIII. The efforts otO'Rourke are now directed toward speedily getting to Rangoon with the jeweland he starts by ship.CHAPTER XIV. He finds the captainof the vessel to be a smuggler who triesfto steal the Jewel from him.CHAPTER XV. The jewel is finally secured by the ship's captain and O'Rourkeescapes to land.CHAPTER XVI. With the aid of oneDanny and his sweetheart, O'Rourke recovers the Pool of Flame.CHAPTER XVII. O'Rourke againforms his plans to pursue his journey toRangoon.CHAPTER XVIII. On board ship oncemore a mysterious lady appears who puzzles and interests the Irishman.CHAPTER XIX. O'Rourke comes upm a lascar about to attack the lady,who is a Mrs. Prynne. He kicks theman Into the bold.CHAPTER XX. Mrs. Prynne claimss' is en route for India on a mission'or the king.CHAPTER XXI. The ship captain Isc;?Tered money to increase the speed ofvessel toward its destination."Looks as if he hadn't a friend inhe world," said the man audibly."Ioks as if a letter from home withcash draft 'ud about fill his little bill."He grunted in pleased appreciationf his own subtle wit A short manhe was, stout, very much at home ingrimy pajamas and nothing else, witheyes small, blue, informed with twin-ng humor and set in a florid counc nance bristling with a three days'rovth of grayish beard.He swung the glasses again uponO'Rourke, and, "Hell!" he exclaimed,s't'ing up with stimulated interest'Well, by jinks!" said the stout man."Who'd a-thunk it?"He got up with evident haste andSaddled forward to the bridge, wherehe came upon what he evidently needed in his business: a huge and bat?red megaphone. -Applying this totts lips and filling his lungs he bellowed with a right good will, and histall, not unlike the roaring of anamiable bull, awoke Aden's echoes:"O-o-Rourke!"' Good morning," murmured the Iranian, lifting his head to stare about- i!n with incredulous curiosity.' Who's that barking at me?"The pajama'd person continuing toRhout at the top of his voice, by dintrt earnest staring the Irishman eventtally located the source of the up-J"oar-"Now who the divvle might ye"e?"" he wondered. "Ananias, mefriend" to the boatman "row to-thesteamer yonder where the noise comesirom.". . I. tln:Whereupoa the' atout man.ByLOUIS JOSEPH VANCEIllustrations by Ellsworth Yobh&the boat alter its course put' aside themegaphone. And again peace broodedover Aden.On nearer approach to the tramp,O'Rourke's smile broadened to apleased grin, and airily he waved ahand to the man with the voice."Jimmy Quick!" he observed withunfeigned delight. "Faith, I begin tobelieve that me luck holds, after all!"From the bottom step of the tramp'sladder he tossed a coin to the boatman, then mounted to the deck. Incontinently the stout man fell heavilyupon his neck with symptoms of extreme joy. A lull succeeding his firsttransports, he wiped his eyes, beamedupon his guest and sugged insinuatingly: "Drink?""Brevity's ever the soul of yourwit, captain," said O'Rourke. "I will."And he meekly followed Quick's bareheels forward to the officer's quartersbeneath the bridge.Having set him in a chair, Quick,stiil a-gurgle, wandered off, unearthed a bottle, beamed upon his visitor,asked a dozen questions in as manybreaths and, without waiting for ananswer, waddled off again to returnwith a brace of dripping soda-waterbottles. "Schweppe's," he said, patting their rotund forms tenderly;"and the last in our lockers all inyour honor, colonel.""So?" commented O'Rourke. "Hardup, is it? 'Tis not the O'Rourke whowould be wishing ye ill, captain, dear,but, faith, meself's not sorry to hearthat word this day. I'm thinking meluck is sound, after all."Quick had again vanished. Presently O'Rourke heard his mighty voicebooming down an engine-room ventilator. "Dravos! Dravos, you loafer!Come lip and see a strange svight! "He came back, still vibrant with anelephantine sort of joy. "O'Rourke,"he panted, mopping a damp brow withthe sleeve of his jacket, "you're agood sight for sore eyes. Never didwe meet up with you yet but therecame a run of luck."" 'Tis good hearing," said O'Rourke,smiling.A slight little man slipped a baldhead, relieved by ragged patches ofgray hair about the temples, apologetically into the cabin door."The top of the day to ye, Dravos!"said O'Rourke loudly, for little Dravoswas partially deaf. "And how are theengines?"The engineer carefully hitched uphis trouseTs and regarded the wanderer with temperate geniality."Good afternoon, Colonel O'Rourke,"he replied, clipping his words mincing-With an UnconsciousSurprised Oath,O'Rourke Stepped Aside.ly. "Very nicely, I thank you."He shook hands, sat down on the edgeof a berth with,. the manner of onewho fears he intrudes, and glancedsearchingly at Quick. "If you're going to serve the drinks, cap'n," hesnapped acidly, "hump yourself!"He accepted his glass with a dispassionate air and drank hastily aftera short nod to the guest, as one whosacrifices his personal inclinations tothe laws of hospitality. But from hisafter-glow of benevolence, O'Rourkeconcluded that the drink had not beenunwelcome."What brings you here?" demandedQuick in a subdued roar."I've a job for ye, if so be it ye'renot otherwise engaged and if ye cando it."Quick slapped a huge thigh delightedly. "I knew it could have swornto it!""Can do anything," asserted Dravoswith asperity." 'Tis merely a question of speed,"explained the Irishman. "Can ye makeBombay in four days be the fifteenth?" "Dravos," roared Quick, "how muchspeed can you get out of thosedamned engines?""Twenty knots," snapped Dravos."When can you sail?""To-night," said Dravos."If," stipulated Quick, "I cam pickup a crew in Aden."" 'Tis settled then.""We'll need a bit of moneyi ad-vance.""Ye shall have it, within reason."Dravos rose and sidled towards thedoor, a faraway look in his pale eyes."You strike the bargain, Quick," hesaid; "I'll have a look around theengine-room.""Right-O, Bobby. . . . Yourselfalone, I s'pose, O'Rourke?""And three others. Danny ""Yes, yes.""And two ladies; an Englishwoman'and her maid."CHAPTER XXII.Br nine o'clock the Ranee lay withsteam. up, ready to weigh anchor.vv jt praise to Dravoa to statethat his" engines were in admirablecondition. Such was their invariablestate. For an assistant he impressedinto sejrvice none other than DannyMahone, to Danny's intense dismay.O'Rourke took upon himself the duties of first officer under CaptainQuick. The Irishman cared little forthe sea, knew less of a first officer'sduties; but it was patent that Quickcould not stand every watch, andO'Rourke was not to be daunted byany such slight matter as nautical inexperience. In the knowledge Jthat they weresafely off at last there was poignantrelief to the wanderer, as he stood byQuick's side, on the bridge, with midnight imminent and the ship still andpeaceful. "I'll stand the night watches," the captain announced. "Bymorning we'll be far enough out foryou to take hold without spraining theart of seamanship. G'dnight.""Thank ye," said O'Rourke. In fact,he had long been sensible that he wasvery drowsy; the night wind in hisface had something to do with that."Good night," he returned, and wentdown the ladder to the deck.At its foot he paused, turning curiously; it seemed that surely theremust be some serious trouble afoot inthe crew. The Irishman could see inthe glimmer of the forecastle lanterna confused blur of naked, shining,brown bodies and limbs, apparentlyinextricably locked. A scream rangshrill and there followed the sound ofa heavy fall. .Overhead, on the bridge, Quick wwisroaring himself hoarse, without effect.The sounds of shuffling, of blows,harsh breathing, stifled cries, continued. A knot of the contestants swept,whirling, aft, toward the superstructure. Something shot singing throughthe air; the wind of it fannedO'Rourke's cheek.With an unconscious, surprised oath,O'Rourke stepped aside, his hand go.ing toward his revolver. The missilestruck a stanchion, glanced and fellclattering into the scuppers. Revolverin hand, he went forward to the railoverlooking the struggling rabble onthe deck below. But they seemed intent only on their private differences,and Quick's roars were bringing themto their senses. Gradually the tumultsubsided, the contestants separatingand slinking forward to their quarters."It may have been chance,"O'Rourke conceded a bit doubtfully.He swung about and moved aft slowly, examining the deck intently. In amoment or two he stopped and pickedup a long, thin-bladed knife, doubleedged and keen as a razor. The pointwas broken, having doubtless beensnapped off -at the moment of contactwith the deck-house. O'Rourke turnedit over soberly."Faith, I don'tlike to think it wasintentional but me head would havebeen split had it come two inches tothe left."He returned to the bridge, callingQuick aside. "You're armed?""Certainly always armed when I'mdealing writh these devils. Why?"O'Rourke showed him the knife.Quick laughed athis theory. "Nothing in it," he was pleased to believe.CHAPTER XXIII.The day came out of the East witha windy swagger; as Quick had foretold, a series of thunderstorms sweptthe sea before dawn, so that it, likethe sky, seemed newly washed, clean"and brilliant.O'Rourke relieved Quick at fourbells of the morning watch and keptthe deck for the remainder of the day,his meals being brought to him onthe bridge. His duties were simpleenough, requiring mtle more than adisplay of the habit of. authoritywhich sat so well on his broad snoufders. It was no great trick to keepthe crew in order: they went abouttheir work peaceably enough andshowed no signs of desiring to renewtheir disputations. Otherwise he hadto keep an eye upon the helmsmanand see that he held the Ranee to thecourse prescribed by Quick; and thatwas nothing difficult to a man of average intelligence. Naught but deepwater .'lay between them and Bombay,so long as a direct course was shapedand maintained.As the sunlit watches wore out andnothing untoward took. place,O'Rourke's grim apprehensions dissipated into shadows. He began to believe with Quick that the affair of thewinged knife was merely a hapchanceaccident, quite unpremeditated.Below decks, Dravos and Dannywere standing watch-and-watch, withclockwork regularity, where the former's beloved engines were justifyinghis confidence and pride in them andclicking off their twenty knots without a hitch.Now Danny happened to have "off"the first afternoon watch. O'Rourkefrom the bridge saw him come up theengine-room companion ladder, diveinto the messroom for his dinner, andlater emerge, picking his teeth andgrinning self-complacency until hismaster could have kicked him, hadsuch, a course been politic before thecrew, or even consistent with the dignity of his office."A wrord to say to ye, sor, if I maymake so bold."O'Rourke glanced at the helmsman,and having long since made up hismind that the man was competent,left him in possession of the bridgefor a space, and joined Danny below."What is it?"Danny lowered his voice to a hoarsewhisper. "Kape yer eye on thot blackdivvle up there, sor, for the love ofHiven, and don't look surprised atanything"O'Rourke moved a few paces aft,aldng the Tail, to a point whence hecnuld see the head and aheulders ofthe helmsman. "Well?" i"'Tis nawthin' I cud swear to, sor.but 'tis meself thot's .mortal leary avthese naygurs rapspicts to ye andand""Come, come! Out with it, Danny.""Sure, sor, 'tis the serang. Haveye chanced to notice him, sor?"O'Rourke glanced down to the foredeck, where the personage in questionwas standing at ease. "What of him?"he inquired, running his eye oyer thefellow's superb proportions."'Tis nawthin' I'd take me oath to,sor, hut I'm thinkin' he's the man whoboarded the Panjnab at Suez, sor.And as for the naygur I run againston the s'loon deck, yer honor, he's hiamortal twin." v"Ah," commented O'Rourke. "Thankyou, Danny."He continued to watch the seranguntil the latter, as if influenced by thefixity of the Irishman's regard, turnedand stared directly into O'Rourke'seyes. For a full minute he gave himlook for look, dark eyes steadfast andunyielding above his fine aquilinenose, then calmly turned his back, resuming his contemplation of the turbulent horizon.An instant later Quick came up torelieve O'Rourke, and, eight bellssounding, Danny dived below to takeDravos' place. O'Rourke, unpleasantly impressed by the incident, still forbore to mention it to either of theship's owners; he retired to think itover, and spent a long hour consuming an indifferent cigar and studyingthe cracks in the bulkhead betweenhis room and the cabin.Without profit, however. Lackingmore substantial proof than Danny'ssuspicions, he could arrive at no definite conclusion.The night passed without incident;the second day dawned the counterpart of its predecessor, and woreaway quietly enough.It fell to O'Rourke to stand the firstdog-watch, from four to six in theevening. Shortly after he ascendedthe bridge, it was his happiness to bejoined by Mrs. Prynne, who improvedthe moment to express her gratification with the propitious tide in her affairs. The King's courier was pleasedto declare herself very well pleasedindeed, though she admitted, underjocular pressure, that she consideredshe was roughing it. Captain Quick'squarters were by no means palatial,and the bill of fare, while substantially composed, lacked something of variety; but that was all a part of thegreat and fascinating game she playedthe "game of secret service to HisMajesty, Edward VII.Not that alone, but she was comforted by the assurance that her voyage would soon be over, her missiondischafged, her responsibility a thingof the past. She would be glad to seeBombay."One never knows, you know, Colonel O'Rourke," she said witfr a little.gesture expressive of her allowancefor' the unforeseen.Continued in our NextKENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."the Blue Grass Route."Hourly High Speed ThroughService.ParisLexington FrankfortDivision.Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort every hour onthe hour from 6 a, m. until'8 p. m.,and at 10 p. m., the last, car goin&' only as far as Versailles .Cars leave Lexington for Versaillesand Frankfort, and for Paris everyhour on the hour from 0 a. m. until7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p. m., thelast car going only as far as Versailles. Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington and Paris every thirtyminutes after the hour from 6 :30 a.m. until 7:30 p. m., and at 10:30 p.m., the last car going only as faras Lexington.h GEORGETOWN LEXINGTONNICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexingtonand Nicholasville every forty-fiveminutes after the hour from 5:45 a.m, until 6:45 p. m., and 8:05 and10:05 p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetownevery hour on the hour from 6 a. muntil 7 p. m. and at 9 and lip. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville every thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 p.m. and at 9:30 p. m. and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville for Lexington and Georgetown every fifteenminutes after the hour from 6:1s a.m. until 2:15 p. m. and 10:15 p. m.Daily Fast Freight Service BetweenParis, Lexington, Versailles, Frankfort, Georgetown and all Intermediate Points. Freight Agent's Telphones: Old Phone 309, NewPhone, 309.Parson's Poem a Gem.From Rev. H. Stubenvoll, Allison.Ia. , in praise of Dr. King's New LifePills:'They're such a health necessity.In every home these pills should be.1If other kinds you've tried in vain,USE DR. KING'SAnd be well again, , , .. . .Only 25caS Oberdorf er'a. ". " .SHOEOur new Fall line in all leathersPatent Colt, Russia Calf and GunMetal, now ready for inspection.Geo. iVTWilams,JOIN THE JUNIOR ORDERUnited AmericanMooliant The Only Strictly American Organization Known toHistory. None But American Born Admitted.1 1 vitiation Fee For the NextJ30 Days $3?St Each member carries 250 insurance with his mem-bership; 3 per week sick benefits.Dues 10c per week.i In addition to this, member can carry from $500 toX $3,000, graded, according to age at entrance. A man atJ 30 years of age can carry $3,000 for $2.25 per month or$27 per year. Policy in force immediately after approved.X Should member die next day full face of policy is paid.J The organization has paid $5,217,871.62 in the pasteleven years in sick and death benefits. Has a surplus of$284,174.01. For further information call on or address,J. D. HUNTER, ' I.107 East Tenth Street, Paris, Ky.L. 5c N. TIME-TAEBLIN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11 :59 P. M. tTrains rrrv-eFROMSo.34 Atlanta, Ga. ,' Daily ; .5,21 am134 Lexington. Ky., Daily 4'. 34 am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ..7.35 arm7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ' 7138 am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday T 8.12 am37 Cincinnati, O., DBily ..9.50 am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 ant12 Lexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily .- 10.24 am26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 arn25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday : 3.15 pm138 Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pm38 KnoxXille,Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5.25 pm39 Cincinnati, O.. Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pm30 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6,03 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort. Daily Except Sunday... 6.03 am32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily ; 6 05 pm14 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10.45 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrains ID e -partNo. TO . ' ;84: Cincinnati. O., Daily -5.28..aHr4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ....5.35 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 -am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily37 Knoxville, Tenn. , Daily33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily133 Lexington, Ky. , Daily6 Maysville, K., Daily26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except25 Lexington, Kv., Daily Except38 Cincinnati, O., Daily9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday.. o,39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 532 Cincinnati, O., Daily8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except13 Lexington, Ky., Daily30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except31 Lexington, K., Daily13 Atlanta, Ga., DailyIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trains ArriveNo. FROM !2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8J.3 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.40 pni8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday .5.50 pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only .10.00 pm-Trains Depart ' iNo. . TO161 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only.7; Prankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sundays . . .- 1 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday..v 3 "Frankfort, Ky, Daily Except Sunday. ..For 33 yearsNettleton Shoeshave stood for trueeconomy to the manof moderate means;and to the man ofwealth, the best thatmoney could buy. Weare sole agents forParis.iCcStr::t::9.57 am9,10,. 1012.Sunday 12..55 am.24 am.27. am.05 pm.04 amSunday .3.6i pm.4o pm52 pm,57 pm10 pm.15 pm.15 Dm,25. pm.55 pm.57 pm36.Sunday 66.Sunday 6.16.10....... 7. 10 am....:...ViVr7.43'aziTHE BOURBON. NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB. 9, 1912njSALEiThe Manufacturers Who Consigned Us TheirOverproduction of this Season's FootwearDemand Prompt fletionWe have, therefore, re-marked these goods afpricesthat must hasten their removal. You who haveattended the greatFactorywere delighted at the extraordinary values, but youwho will take advantage of this great value givingevent to-morrow will be astonished and amazed atsuch ereat price concessions. Now is the time'lay in a supply of footwear for future as well aspresent needs.ClearanceSaleto-One Lot Ladies' $1 .75 and $2 values in Patent Colt,Gun Metal and Kid, button and lace,Sale PriceLadies' $1 .25 Congress Slippers, madeof soft Kid, tip or plain toe, Sale PriceLadies' 60c Storm RubbersSale Price69c39c IiOne Lot of Ladies' $2.50 and $2.75 values includessome of the latest style 1 6-ButtonBoots, in Gun Metal and Patent,Reduced to$1.99One Lot Ladies' new style 16-Button Boots, madein Tan, Gun Metal, Patent Colt andVelvet, $3.50 value, Reduced to$2.49Misses' $2 and $2.25 values inMetal, aud Kid, button and lace,Reduced to ..Patent Colt, Gun$1 .49150 pairs Misses' $1.25 to $1.75values, at ,99cIGrown Girls' hieh 1 6-Button Boots Patent and GunMetal, school heels, $2.50 values,Reduced toUlUll UIIU VIUII$1.89Boys' and Youths'Box Calf Shoes, allsizes, 1 1-2 to 5 1-2, Sale Price99cOne Lot Boys' $2.00 Box Calf Shoes, some oddsizes, high cuts included, IkSale Price 9 I bH1k One Lot Infant's Soft Soles, 25c value, at 9cMisses' Storm Rubbers, at 39cOne Lot Men's Ian and Black, heavy "4High Cuts, $3 value, Reduced toOne Lot Men's $2 and $2.50 Shoes, -f yf Abroken sizes, Reduced to mTSrOne Lot Men's$4,00 values,Reduced toPatent and Gun Metal Shoes,$2.99One Lot Men's 3-Buckle All-RubberArctics, $3.50 value, atOnk Lot Men's Cloth BuckleArctics, at$1.9999cOne Lot Men's Patent $4 WalkOver Shoes, Reduced to$3.19IIOne Lot Men's Patent Shoes, broken sizes,$2.00 to $3.00 values, at99DA IN COHEIN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky.Ir r iA specisl term of the United StatesDistrict Court is being held at Londonto try the cases ot ten prominent andwealthy lumbermen who have been indicted ob peonage charges. The defendants, it is alleged, have had workmen prisoners while they worked inthe mountains of Kentucky. Thereare fifty-six counts in the-indictments,,,Employees Foroidden to EnterSalooas.By an . ordinance introduced in theCity Council at the meeting last nightby Councilman Dr.Wm. Kenney, themembers of the police force as well asother employes of the city are forbidden to enttr saloons and drink whilein the discharge of their official duties.The dridnance provided that for thefirst offense the offending party is tobe suspended for a term of thirty" daysand for the second offense the offending patty is to have a hearing beforethe Cotincil and if the evidence introduced is sufficient the official in theemploy of the city shall be dismissedfrom further service. The ordinancewill come up at the next meeting ofthe Council.Little business of importance wasbefore the Board. Permits weregranted the following: L.- Saloshin,one story brick addition to store roomat the croner of Seventh and Mainstreets; W. S. Hughes, permit to erecta $1,000 cottage near the Clintonvillepike; Thus. Woodall, permit to erect a$1,200 cottage in Barnes Addition.Councilman Kenney, as chairman ofthe Light Committee addressed theCouncil in regard to the lighting question which has had much agitationrecently, Rr expressed himself thatafter sn investigation by the LightCommittee of the Council in regard tothe lighting of the city as beingthoroughly satisfied wih the conditions, but stated there were complaints from consumers over the cityin regard to alleged excessive ratescharged. 'Ihe Light Committee beempowered to make an investigationof the complaints and report to theCouncil at the next regular meeting.The light committee is composed t)fCouncilman Kenney and Baldwin andSpeakes and the News is requested tostate that 2tiy of the private consumers having complaints should file themwith Dr. Kenney, chairman of thecommittee before the next meeting ofthe Coucnil.Police Judge E. B. January submitted his report for the t month of January to the Board, which is as followsAmount of fines assessed, $107.50;amount replevined, $12 50; cash collected, $42.50; suspended, $7.50; worked out, $35.Getting to be Real Good.Paris is getting to be a real lawabiding city. For the first eight daysin the month of February there hasnot been a case docketed in the PoliceCourt.MILLERSBURG ITEMS.Mr. F. r. Hurst is in Frankfort onbusiness.Mr. C. W. Howard, of Lexington,was in town for a short time Tuesday.Mr. W. V. Shaw -attended the funeral of Mrs. Seeley at Cincinnati Tuesday. , Mrs. Mollie Slack, of Sharpsbuig,is the guest of her brother. Mr. .L I.Peed.Miss Aleta Wilson and Mrs. J. C.Leer are confined to their homes withsevere colds.Mr. J. B.'Cray, of Millershurg, issoliciting for the Carlisle Loose LeafTobacco Warehouse.The Ladies Aid Society of the Christian church met Wednesday afternoonwith Mrs U.. S G. Pepper.Mrs. R. E. Flanders has rented herfarm near this place to Mr. P. A. Poeland will move to Paris about March 1; to reside.Mrs. J. J. Peed will leave today fora several weeks' sojourn with herdaughter. Miss Dorothy, at Birmingham, Ala.Mr. Knox has moved with his 'family to the farm he recently purchasedin Harrison county of Mr. E. W.Ammerman.Mr. J. A. Miller who has been confined to his home for several daysfrom the effects of a severe cold isable to be out.Another Petition in Circulation.' While several petitions iavoringand opposing: the amendment to thebill for a constitutional, amendment,introduced by -Representative Clay,the passage of which would put to avote of the people an amendment toSection 201, would permit the absorption by railroads of the State lines ofless length than one hundred miles,have been forwarded to the committeeto which the bill has been assigned,another favoring the passage of thebill is being signed freely here. Thepetition is as follows:The undersigned citizens of Paris,Bourbon county, Ky., believing thatthe effect of the decision of the Courtof Appeals in holding that the F. & C.Railroad Company cannot be operatedby the L. & N. Railroad Company orthe Southern Railroad Company willbe of great disadvantage to the peopleof the the counties through which thesaid F. & C. rfilroad runs, herebyearnestly petition the General Assembly to adopt the proposed amendment to the Constitution, introducedby Representative Clay, of Bourboncounty. This amendment, if adopted.by the people, would permit the operation of a small and helpless railwayline by a larger and stronger companyand not in the least defeat the purposeof Section 201 of theContstiution.Many years of experience have shownthat the F. & i). Railroad cannot besafely operated as, an independent line,and we therefore beileve that its optration by the L. & N. Railroad Company would continue to Drove as ithas done in the last year or two to thebest interests of the F. & C. companyand to the shippers and travelingpublic.We petition the Genreal Assemblyto subimtt'his amendment to thepeople.It is urged that everyone who wouldprefer to see the F. & G. railwayunder the control of the L. & N ,which would in all probability extendthe line making it profitable to tin'scommunity and company sign thepetition prevailing upon the GeneialAssembly to pass the bill introducedby Representative Clay, and can do soby calling at the store of MitchellBlakemore.DEATH.Straw Vote for President at theComet Today.Each person who attends the Comet Ilneatre this aiternoon will be given achance to vote their preference forthe Democratic or Republican nomination for President.A blank ballot will be given eachperson purchasing a ticket and afterwriting the name of their: choice itwill be deposited in a box, the resultto be announced on Saturday.SSThe parties most prorrinentymentioned by the two parties u eHarmon, Bryan, Wilson, Clark, Taft,Roosevelt, LaFollette and others.Come and vote for your choice and firdout who the popular favorite is- inParis.Lacafius Childs, aged 74 years, aConfederate veteran, died at the Confederate Home at Pewe.e Valley Tuesday night of heart failure. He wasborn in Harro jsburg in 1838 and entered the Confederate service in 1861. Heentered the Confederate home fromLexington two years ago. He is survived by the following nieces: MissOphelia Childs, Mrs. Edward Wickliffeand Mrs. Dabney Carr, of Lexington,and Mrs. Henry Spears, of Paris. .Hon. R. K. Hart, 58 year3 old,died at Flemingsburg Tuesday ,morning after a long illness. Mr. Hart wasone of the leading Democrats inEastern Kentucky, having twice represented Fleming county in the Legislature and six years ago was theDemocratic nominee for Congressmanfrom the Ninth District. DuringGovernor Beckham's administration hewas a member of the State Board ofEqualization.The remains of Miss Annie Lilieston, who died at Kansas City, Mo.,Monday, arrived here Wednesdaymorning accompanied by her brothers,Messrs. Lyford and Henry Lilleston,The sudden death of Misa Lilleston,which was noted in the ; last issue ofthe News was due to an attack ofneuralgia of the lieart. The body wastaken to the home of her mother, Mrs.Selby Lilleston from which place thefuneral services were held.For some time Miss Lilleston held aresponsible position with the JohnTaylor dry goods firm of Kansas City,but for the last few years had made ahome for her two brothers, Messrs.Henry and Lyford Lilleston, who areengaged in business in that city.She is survived by her mother, fourbrothers and three sisiters. They areMr. Lewis Lilleston, of this city,Messrs. Lyford and Henry Lilleston ofKansas City, and Mr. Fithian Lilies-!ton, of Wichita, Kansas: 'Miss MattieiKLilleston, of Barbnurville. Kv.. andMisses Blanche and Laura Lilleston,of Paris.The funeral tok pla:e at the residence of her mother, Mrs. Selby Lilleston, on Higgins avenue Thursdaymorning at ten o'clock. Services conducted by Rev. J. S. Simms. Burialin the family lot in Paris cemetery.The pall-bearers were C. N. Fithian,James McClure, E. B. January, Lawrence Vanhook. John Mnr.nrihTHEATRICAL."THE COUNTRY BOY.Henry B.HarnV production of Fi.Selwyn's comedy in four acts "SrCountry B oy " will be the attncS0X10 vriuuu on YYeanesdav r -h.7February 21. 5 cThe play is an unusual one in nrespects and from first to last u t'h youghly entertaining. 0rThe play is said to be somewhat 0llof the ordinary from the fact t-a"shpws that success is not necto be found in that city. Mr. fe v.-,hero, a country boy, goes to Nt,: YrSito gain the name and fame that r ;his simple egotism, believe;- ; -Jthim. He proves to be a dismal ' "LI?Disappointed with the outcome r- 5"struggle for success, he is about to PJhis cares and worries for all tirr.-.In this condition he is discovered bvnewspaper man, who proves a 0nhmistic friend. The newspaper xotkninduces him to put his pride in h -poe1-etand to return to his birthplace adtake up his fight for a position r.'earnest. The boy accepts theaav pandaccompanied by his new friend, A iurr3to his home town, works hi andgains the respect of the commur"y,There are some extremely iiLing problems dealt with in tellir" th'istory, and Mr. Selwyn is creditt? 1 withhandling the subject in a corxfr.crand at the same time interesting rn5rner. Some of the characters ir.frodved are said to be practically new to tAmerican stage.Mr. Harris, it is reported, ha r ;ithe play a scenic mounting comj.. ?3every detail.Eat vThxtYou Want,Teachers3AssociationWeek.NextMr. W. C. Collins has rented thecottage of the Misses Griffith onVimont street and will get possessionabout March 1.servicechurchiElderMich.,LouisehaveThe individual communionwas installed at the MethodistSunday morning, PresidingSouthgate being present.Mr. John Clark, of Detroit,is visiting his mother, Mrs.uiark. His wife and childrenbeen here for several weeks.Services Sunday mornnig and evening at the Presbyterian, Methodistand Christian churches by the pastorsMiss Dakota Best will sing at theevening: services at the Christianchurch.Miss Belle Taylor Judy, of Millersburg, accompanied bj her brother andsister, Mr. and Mrs. K. R. Vaught, ofParkei, Ind., left Thursday for Florida where they will spend the remainder of the winter.There will be a Bnethoven Recitalgiven by the MacDowell Club at M. F.C. Monday afternoon, February 12, at3 :30 o'clock. On Friday, February 16,at 7:45 a recital is to be given by thepupils in music and expression.Messrs. U. W. Ingles and S. M. Allen sold Tuesday their property onSouth Trigg street occupied by Mr.C. W. Collins and family to Mr. J.Mart Bowles. Mr. Bowles and familywill get possession of the propertyabout the firstof March.The one hundredth anniversary ofthe death of Chas. Dickens, authorand novelist, was celebrated at M. F.C. Wednesday night. Quite a numberof selections were read from the eminent author also a number of sketcheson his ilfe and work.The City Council in regular meetingWednesday night arranged the electriclight schedule for residences and business houses. A rate of one cent a kilowatt will be charged in residences forfour lights, and all additional lightswin ne operated at ten cents each. Astraight rate of one cent a watt willoe cnarged business houses The nlanto'clockt and as late as 12 oV.lonk- nn Safm-Wnwnnrri , VUbU4UUJOw.H-i onrl Kimrloir ninlif I'U 1 j"Mitchell who is" to operate the plantwas also fixed. Af te? allowing a . fewsmall accuunts the council adjourned.,What promisesjto be an occasion ofmore than oridnary interest will bethe Bourbon County Teachers Association which is to be held in the courthouse m this city on Saturday, February 17. The county Superintendent.Miss Mabel Robbins, is exerting everyeffort to make the event one of themost successful in the history of thecounty.With this object in view she has. secured some or the most noted educators in Central Kentucky to addressthe Association on that date, and ofthe number that have signified theirintention of attending the sessions ofthe Asscoiation and to deliver addresses are Messrs. E. P. Bryan andA. S. McKenzie, of State University,Mr. Stott.of Richmond, Profs. Squires,of Carlisle, Vincent, Frankfort, Coates,Richmond ; Cassity, Lexington; MajorC. M. Best, Millersburg, and MissAnna Hamilton, Dean of State University, Lexington.Miss Robbins will nake an effort tomake the occasion a grand educationalrally and looking toward this an invitation isextended to all the'patrons of therural schools to attend the sessions ofthe Association. A special invitationis extended to the boys. It is statedthere will be on the program an eminent scholar of the school of Agriculture, and this . address will be oneespecially prepared and delivered tothe boys. vAt noon the Association will servelunch to the guests in the basement ofthe court house.Immense Line New Wall Paper.Call at my store and pick from thelarge new spring stock of wall paperjust what you need and have it put onnow and avoid the spring rush. Expert decorators ready to do your bidding. J. T. HINTON.BRO WN'S ME LITTLE TABLETCures Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Heartbu-,50C PACKAGEGo to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shavego to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclass barbers. f fSTOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESCold Weather Delayed Train.Cold weather was the cause of thedelay of the Frankfort-Maysville traindue to arrive in this city Tuesdayevening at 6 o'clock. The enginedied a few miles east of Frankfortand a relief engine was sent from thiscity.RELIGIOUS.Cottage For Rent.Four room cottage on East Fourthstreet, near Power Grocery Co.,xnewlypapered and cleaned $12.50 per month.ANNA S. HUTCBCRAFT.6 3t Home Phone 254.After eradicating scabies from thesheep in Kentucky it is now discoveredthat foot rot, a much worse disease, iscausing havoc with the flocks. According to a report made to Commissionerof Agriculture Newman there are over7,000 sheep infected with the diseasein this state.A new record price for Hurleyloose leaf tobacco on the Lexingtonmarket was established Wednesdaywhen part of h consignment belongingto Llewelyn White, of Scott county!brought the phenomenal figures of $42per hundred. So far this tops anyprice that has been paid for the weedon the Lexington market this seasor?Several other lots belonging to othergrowers sold from 34 to $38. Altogether about seven hundred thousandpounds were sold at the Lexingtonwarehouses Wednesday at rjrices ranc.ing from S4 to $42 per hundred.FOR RENT.Three room hcuse for rent in Shawhan. WM. G. KELLY.Rev. E. M. Lightfoot will be inhis pulpit Sunday morning and evening at the usual' hours. The subjectfor the morning service will be "ThePreacher of Repentance." and at theevening discourse he will preach fromthe subject of "The Healing of aSyrian Leper." The Braca Class, formen only, recently organized, willmeet at i):30 o'clock.Elder J. T. Watson, pastor of theMaxwell street church, Lexington,will preach at the Christian churchSunday morning' and evening.MATRIMONIAL.Sou! the Abode of Truth.Truth! Where is truth but in thesoul itself? Facts, objects are butphantoms; matter-woven ghosts ofthis earthly nixrht. at whfrfc th er,isleeping here In the mire and clav of L1 he,Perated as late as 11matter snudders and names itssue tremors, sehse ana. perception.Charles Kingsle3r.County Clerk Paton issued a n arriage ileense Tuesday to Miss NannieMitcheltree and Mr. Jack Feeback,both of this county.Mr. John H. Reistr, Jr., and MissLaura Elliott, both of Jesasminecounty, were married at Rev. I. J.Spencer's residence in Lexington Wednesday afternoon at 5:30 o'clock byRev. I. L. Finnell.The couple left Thursday morningfor Cincinnati whence they will go toChicago and then back to Mr. Reister'shome near Wilrnore, where they willlive.The bride is a cousin of the lateJudge J. D. Ward, of Paris; and alsoof the late Attorney A. H. Ward, ofCynthiana. She is related to prominent families of Fayette and Bourboncounties.Mr. Reister is the son 'of Mr. A.Reister, a prominent farmer of Jessamine county, and is one , of the hiostpopualryoung men ihjjthe neighborhood. " ,1 r V'Copyright 1010. by the Standard Adv. Co.-pHE height of folly in reached by the man who so utterly1 disregards a care for. the future by not providinghimself with a bank account. The arguments as towhy a man should have money in the bank are withoutnumber, and it is but folly that leads a mam from a Bankaccount.We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accountsDEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.Capital $100,000Surplus $30,000t-IV