ry2,u !?, y u -1 J" j :u 3ts i ' i '."lui 'frN iy'VJfcTHE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND SEIDAY IN THE YEAR4'.r crVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1912w!4iSillsmIBig ReductionnOnAIILOW SHOESBeginning This Week We Will Reduce all HANNAN and NETTLE-TON OXFORDS, and also Ladies'Pumps and oxfords.We have a great many WHITE SHOES and PUMPSin Nubuck and Canvas that will be greatly reduced.These will be for CASH ONLY.IGEO. McWILLIAMS,Phones 301i.4TThe Shoe ManmmNew Bank Directors and OfficialsElected.The incorporators of the Peoples'Bank of Paris, recently oragnized witha capital stock of $50,000, met at thecourt house Saturday afternoon forthe selection of officers and directorsof the new institution. xMr. W. P. Ardery, one of the mostsubstantial farmers of the county andvice-president of the First NationalBank of Paris, was elected president,while Mr, Ed Burke was chosen asvice-president. Mr. Silas E. Bedford,for more than twenty-five years connected with the banking interests inthis city, was elected as cashier of theinstitution.The Board of Dircetors selected isas follows: Dr. William Kenney, H. S.Cawyood,' George Wilder Ed Burke,W. P. Ardey, J. W. Jacoby, Dr. D. S.Heny, Dr. P. P. Campbell, J. F. Barbee, B. F. Buckley and Ed Burke.The other officials of the bank will bechosen later.Incorporation articles were filed withthe Secretary of State at Frankfort,Friday, and the incorporators appliedto the State Bakning Commission fora charter.The institution will be opened for.business about Nov. 1, and the room inthe Schwartz building at,the corner orMain and Sixth streets in which thebank will be located is being fitted upfor that purpose rapidly.A call for ten per cent, of the stocksubscribed ha been issued to thestockholders, which is payable on orbefore September 1.r"WE KNOW HOW"Big Cake Walk.Don't fail to see the biggest cakewalk ever held in Kentucky at the colored fair at Paris. Friday, September20. S25 irrcash prizes. td.k.MMOT WEATHERSPECIALSBoiled HamMinced HamDried BeefBolognaImported Swiss CheeseBrick CheesePimento CheeseNew York CheeseWater Melons andCantaloupes on Ice,VBLUE R23BON FLOUR25-ibSack SOc50-Ib Sack $ 1 .60lOO-lbSack $3.20T. C. LENIHAN,Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234SvlmtoNegro Women in Cutting Affray.As a result of a difficulty which tookplace in the colored suburb ot Claysville Saturday night about two o'clock,Christine Bouglabs, colored, was severely cut by Sarah Leer, also colored.The difficulty grew out of a joke, andin which the Leer woman was theaggressor.The two women met in the btreet inClaysville and after passing severalwords the Leer woman drew a razorand nroceeded to carve on the frameof Christine. A gash about nineinches long was inflicted in the leftforearm and the flesh laid open almostto the bone. In the mix-up the Leer,woman was wounded slightly in theleft arm, stabbed in the breast andone finger was cut bvher own weapon.Neither of the wounds were of muchconsequence.After being cut the Douglas womanattempted to make her way to a doctorto have her injuries treated,r,but weakened by the loss of blood, she faintedin front of the saloon of James Curtis,on Tenths treet. Dr. William Kenneywas summoned by telephone and thewoman was taken to his office wherethe wound was dressed.Later"Chief of Police Elgin . placedSarah Leer under arrest and togetherwith the victim of her keen-edgedrazor, was lodged in jail. Yesterdaymorning the warrant against theDouglass woman wasdismissed, whileSarah Leer was held.tothe crand juryon the charge of cutting with intent tokill. Her bond was fixed at $200, indefault of which she was sent to jail.Photo Supplies.We carry a full line of "Ansco"camera and photo supplies.VARDEN & SON.;The aWho-Made-Them-ForYou"Kind of Clothes .They excite the flatteringcomment of your friendsthe homage men pay to styleand fit.Our Clothes have that.W-'h look the expensive tailorlook and they cost no morethan ordinary clothes boughtelsewhere.Particularly seasonable1styles for fall wear. Tryone to-day.f?Mitchell & Blakemorc,IOutfitters to Mien!i HLKiiiiiiiiiiiinuiiiiiinnit iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiinnijMiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiimiimiwFRANK & COS9 iIS?The Store Where Reliability Reigns.5jt$MtmSjgsSgginfemm3Te"W"a.spaFall Hats!In all the latest colors andshapes, included areImported VelourBoys' School Suits, Caps andOdd Pants.KmsagPRI60. & 60. Giotmersand FurnishersMayor Hinton County Chairman.Mayor John T. Hinton, of this city,has been appointed the Chairman ofthe Bourbon County'Democratic Campaign Committee and has received hiscommmission from Chairman J. N.Camdpn, ot the State Campaign .Comlmitteee.Mr. Hinton will name his advisorycommittee and precinct chairman within the next few days and unusual activities will soon commence in Democratic circles. Vigorous methods willbe pursue to get out the full Democratic vote of Bourbon county and thenewly appointed chairmanj will havethe hearty co-operation of all the leading Democrats of the county. The letter from Chairman Camden to MayorHinton is as follows :Mr. J. T. Hinton, Paris, Ky.My Dear Sir:I wish to inform you that you havebeen recommended by your DistrictChairman as Campaign Chairman foryour county, and it is my pleasure toconfirm it and appoint you as such.I am forwarding by this mail, underseparate cover vour commission, and Ialso enclose herewith a copy of therjlan of organization suggested for thecounty, tojwhich your attention is invited. Conforming to this plan, I suggestthat you immediately name your advisoryjeommittee and precinct chairmen, sending me the name and address jf each individual.You can readily understand the importance of prompt action in this matter, as the tima is not long foi perfecting the kind of an organizationwe propose making.I wish, also, to state in this connection, thatSNational Headquarters havewritten us repeatedly for lull and complete statement of our orgnization,tnat is, giving the names tof gthe district chairmen, county chairmen, withthe names of thei advisory committeemen, and also the names of the precinct chairmen with the names of theircommitteemen ; and I am most anxious to furnish them with information,so I would again urge you to give thismatter your prompt attention.With best wishes for Democracy,Very truly yours,J. N.. CAMDEN,Chairman.Any Linen Dress,Now $1.98Lingerie DressesNow $1.98 to $5.98 eachValues up to $20100 Pairs ofLadies' Pumps and SlippersNow 50c a PairSsyWc Are Showing New Fall GoodsIn Every DepartmentSNSPECTIONT1NVITEDFRANK 6c TC.,Paris,Kentuckyaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnniriirc-ttSIPParis, KentuckytI1:iw w w w raira2mlS3f1 tTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 17 1912.NOVEL USE FOR MUSICJMAY BE MADE TO EXTINGUISHFIRE IS CLAIM.X3an Francisco Man Makes the Assertion, and Bases It on VibrationTheory Scientists, Unconvinced,Listen With Respect.When Charles Kellogg of San Francisco announced that he could sing aSre out there was scoffing among theunbelievers. They had heard of thisman before, and knew he could imitate any bird he admired in the woodland; that he had been able to procure -wonderful pictures of wild animals through the Sierra Mountains,because he made them completely unafraid by his singing; they knew thatserpents had ahsolutely no terrors forhim. But a fire, they argued, "haa3io life, no mind, therefore it cannote hypnotized, tamed or lulled."Nevertheless, fires are being " sungout" under test conditions.Fire, says Mr. Kellogg, who deniessll wizardry, is vibration; and justas it has been shown in the laboratoryhat one vibration may annul, control,silence another, so the proper one willstill the vibration of lire, and, whenthe vibration is stilled, the fire is out.Mr. Kellogg makes no claim thatany human voice can sing to quietudethe vibrations of a conflagration. Theextinguishing vibrations must be of-volume, commensurate with those tobe controlled, but tie does maintain, "that the fire-fighting operation in the-future will be based upon these principles. According to this theory, one mayHive to see giant tuning forks or musical instruments taking the place of"ihe fire engines.Kellogg was horn in the Californiamountains, where he grew up in closet;ouch with nature. His ability to reproduce musically all sounds ofmother earth is phenomenal.Make a few simple little experiments in vibration on your own account Hold an empty cigar in yourliands in the room where someone Isplaying the piano, and every now and"then you will feel that hox vibrate.Try singing in a room where thereare several small stringed instruments and you will be pleased sometimes to hear a string sing with you.The soothing, healing power of '"music in treating the insane hascalled forth remarks lately. Will thephysician of the future take temperatures with a tuning fork and prescribe harmonious chords to allayfever or a " concord of sweet sounds "to hasten the knitting of bones?Woman the Impersonal."Woman is not a personality. She3s a symbol. This is by no meansassigned to her an inferior place. Farirom it. To regard woman as an inlerior, man is foolish, and as long asthe woman movement, working onthat basis, tries to prove that she isan equal or superior man, it mustTjreak down. As long as scientists andscholars insist on treating the pointswheue woman differs from man as inferiorities, so long will their workTemain useless. Equally foolish is thediscussion of which is the more highay organized. Beth are superior; bothcomplete. They are merely different.Woman has a different nature, adifferent purpose; and the self-centeredfeeling of personality is impossible to her. She is God-centered, asymbol of divine nature, a power"working through man to accomplishvhat she will. She is to men the"vision of creativeness, and this visionIt Is their part to make reality. One3ias only to look at the curious resultsof woman's interpretation of the wordpersonality, and her application of itto herself as a "right," to see how illthis man-quality fits her. When woman starts out with a baleful determination to "live her own life," it makesone weep or laugh, according to one's jtemperament. Woman s strength andpower lie not in a pseudo-personality,jbut in her nearnes to divine nature.Atlantic Monthly.?Jj. Kaiser's Early Rising." William Hi emperor of Germany,5s an early riser and likes to have'everybody about him follow his goodexample. He is up every day at 6o'clock, ready to go to work or to'take an outing on horseback. HisIhigh officials complain that they are"torn too early from the soft delightsof sleep. Herr von Bethmann-Holl-weg,who is a famous sleeper, accommodates himself with difficulty to this strenuous regimen. He"only awakens after many calls fromhis valet de chambre, and whendrawn from his bed makes his toiletrslowly and always arrives late atthe palace, to find the emperor awaiting him with impatience. Some days-ago, remarks the Cri de Paris, theemperor, after having waited forliim until half past 6 o'clock, decided'to go and surprise his chancellor in"Frederick street He found him inthe bath. "I wish to remind you, mydear chancellor," said the emperor,"that, the day begins for you and forme at 6 o'clock. It is now going on7 and you are not even shaved. Anhour lost each day will make fifteen'days in a year and in fifteen days mytgnmdfather won three victories."Prince as Art Critic.August Wilhelm, the kaiser's fourthtson, known as the civilian prince because he has adopted civil life by becoming a lawyer, has been appointedbead of the art commission to selectpaintings and sculpture for the national gallery at this year's art exposi-KEEP SCISSORS IN KITCHENInnumerable Ways In Which TheyMay Be of Far Greater ServiceThan the Knife.A pair of scissors in the kitchen areof invaluable assistance not the lampscissors or the dull pair that is blackwith age, nor the garden pair, nor yetthose with the missing points, but anew,' sharp, shiny pair that will cut.It is a difficult matter, for instance,to remove the white pith from grapefruit with a knife; one digs and jabs,and finally cuts out the offending center and, incidentally, makes a hole inthe fruit through which the juicedrips onto the plate. &ot so with thescissors. A snip, a pull, and there it iswithout trouble or mutilation.And bacon! How few women canslice off the slippery rind, while withscissors every morsel can be quicklypared away without a vestige ofwaste. In cutting off the legs of alobster, in breaking open the clawsand cutting through the tail, the scissors will do the work uncomplaininglywithout the aid of the hammer and icepick.In preparing vegetables thpy are incomparable. Try them in cutting theroots from spinach, trimming rustylettuce leaves, shaping flowerets ofcauliflower, and cutting up asparagus.Dice up the "pineapple with them, cutup the meat and fish for salads, remove the veins from shrimps, usethem for the fish fins and save yourfingers.TOWEL DESIGNS ARE PRETTYNatural Colors Introduced to AddEffect, and Results Speak forThemselves.toWhen the dainty cross stitch designsin natural colors were fashioned ingarlands from flowers and bowknots ontowels last year many declared nothing could be prettier, but now thedarn stitch and the bias stitch, alsoin natural colors, have been introduced and they certainly are attractive. At the present moment, however, notowels are meeting with popular favorlike these variously termed the "medieval design," the "20th century design"and "Venetian point" designationsthat are confusing in both period andplace. There is some excuse for this,as the designs show the influence oflace's- evolution and do not cling toany one decided type, but borrowbeauty from all. The work is done ina sort of buttonhole stitch, combinedwith punch work.Covering a chicketi uith cheesecloth will prevent it from gettingscorched or drying too iaflich whileroasting. When the fowl Is readyfor the oven sew it in a piece of cheesecloth, and baste it through this covering, only removing the cloth at thetime the chicken is ready to be served,when you will find it has an.esquisitegolden brown color.Nasturtium leaves, the tiny greenones, give a delicious flarwr to bothhot and cold tea.When making picnic stmdwichesturn the loaf upside down, and youwill find that you can cut thinner andevener slices. tHamburg Ste"ak and Potato.Take a pound of cold boiled potatoes, pour on them a wine glass of hotmilk or water, add a big lump ofdripping, cold bacon fat or butter,mash to a pulp, then beat up with afork until quite light; take three-quar-ersof a pound of hamburg steak,make into small cakes, sprinkle a little finely chopped onion on top ofeach cake. Make the potato pulp intothick, round cakes and put a cake ofhamburg steak on each. Place in awell-gresed bag. Close and seal it;"cook in a hot oven for 25 minutes.Graham Nut Bread.One cake compressed yeast dissolved In cup of warm water with one teaspoon lugar. Let stand until foamy.Make soft sponge with four cupswarm water, two teaspoons salt, oneteaspoon lard, two tablespoons sugar,and white flour. Add the yeast and let Jstand until very light Mix into soft Iirof -nritb nnfi mm suerar. one-half cunwalnuts cut fine and two and one -half pounds Graham flour,and make into four loaves,moderate oven one hour.Let riseBake inTo Soften Butter.When butter gets too hard for useIn winter fill a bowl with boiling water. Allow it to stand for a few moments until the bowl is thoroughlyhot Empty out the water and placethe steaming bowl over the plate ofbutter. This may be done in a fewminutes before one wishes to use thebutter. There is no waste and theflavor of the butter is not impaired asby heating at the stove.When Cooking Eggs.Here is a fact worth knowing whenyou cook eggs.A spoonful of flour added to thegrease in which eggs are to be friedwill prevent them from breaking orsticking to the pan.Rye Sandwiches.Cut rye bread into very thin slicesand any fartciful shape. Spread witha filling of cream cheese. Grate thecheese. Rub to a paste with meltedbutter. Season with salt and pepperI l I fT T IT '1 . . 1THE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year $2.00 Six Months. .1.00Payable in Advance. ADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The righto? publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.DEMOCRATIC TICKET.For President,HON. WOOUROW WILSON,of New Jersey.For Vice-President,HON. THOS. R. MARSHALL,of Indiana.For Congress,HON. J. CAMPBELL CANTRILL,of Scott county.Spectal Privileges.The newspapers of Boston reporttwo incidents of special privilegesgranted to rich men accused cf violation of the lav;.There was a strike recently in Lawrence,, Mass. There were o number ofdeeds of violence and some outrages,and some dynamite was used.After the strike was settled and business resumed ita normal channels itwas discovered that the strikers werenot the only ones who had employeddynamite. One man confessed that hehad been employcd.for the purpose otplacing dynamite in the homes of semeof the strikers. Whether the purposewas to discredit the strike or whetheritjwas tobIow up the strikers, is notyet made clear; but thatlthere was aconspiracy anddynairnte -was handled,andthat the greatest injustice wasdone the community and the 'laboringman is clear.One man implicated has committedsuicide. Another man accused is atthe head of the American WoolenCompany, that is, at the head ot theVYoolenTrust.the'trust that did morethan any other to shape the provisionsof the Payne-Aldrich bill.These facts have come out very pIowly. The suicideof oneof the accusedwas suppressed at the time and thecause for it concealed.We are very far from assuming thatMr. Woud had a guilty knowledge ofacts'done in behalf of the employers.The'accusation rests upon the statement of one man, who pays he waspaid $500 to place the dynamite. ThatI testimony will have to be sustained byother evidence. Nevertheless, we cannot butfeel that it the cases were reversed, and these men were laborleaders, they would be treated withmuch less consideration than has beenshown them by the officials of thelaw in the State of Massachusetts,and by the newspapers of that enlighted region.Again a great case is on before thecourts in connection withthe boot andshoe industry of New England. Thereis a trust which controls various patents in shoe machinery, as we understand the caseand the evidence againstthis trust, in a suit to bebrought bythe United States.is being heard, notin the court, under the gaze of theeomraunityJiut secretly. The newspapers have access not to one line of it.The case is the case of the peoplelaSain8t a combination in restraint oftrade. Thepeople are not permittedto know what this evidence is.It2cannot be a question of morals,for tbere is surely nothing indecent orsalacious connected with the case.The hearing can have but one purpose,and that is to protect the men, thatthe government accuses, from theeffect of a public knowledge of thecharacter of their machinery and thecost'ot their products.Here is another case "of favoritism.When'debtor is sued, the facts become public and he must answer incourt, i When a striker is arrested thetact'is made public and the evidenceis heardbefore all the people. Whena laboring'man is unable to pay hisrent, or when he2is accused of neglectot family, the facts are'all within thepublic knowledge.Classjprivileges should fall at the entrance of every court house.If you knew of the real value ofChamberlain's Liniment for lame backsoreness of the muscles, sprains andrheumatic pains, you would never wishto be without it. For sale Dy all dealers.Meat Prices.On FridayAugust 24, prime sirloiof beef sold in London for 19 1-2 centsper pound, and in JNew York for 28cents per pound. Just'at present meatprices, are higher in this country thanever before, while the identical cutsthat bring such high prices here aresold in'London for about two-thirds asmuch. This despite the water haul ofthreejthousandmiles and the two railhauls, first from Chicago to the Atlantic seaboard, and from Liverpoolto Lcndon.When Thieves Fall Out.Senator Penrose and the ThirdTermer have a violent quarrel. Andwhile they are snarling and hurlingepithet" at each other the public learnsthat the Standard Oil trust contributed $125,000 to the Third Termer'sformer campaign fund.What Might Have Been. 'Majority leaden Underwood, chairman of the Ways and Means Committee of the House of Representatives,estimates that the American peoplewould .have saved just $650,000,000next year, and each suceeding.yearhad the Senate and the President approved the tariff revision bills sent upto them by the Democratic House.Carnegie and Peace.Andrew Carnegie is raiting a hullahalo because somebody raised Pittsburg's part in the manufacture ofequipment for fighting ships. "Pittsburg's triumphs are those of peace,"writes Andrew. Strange he was notwrapped 'up in peace in the yeargone by when he was piling up millions out of the manufacture of steelfor Uncle barn's warships. Was n't itCarnegie's hirelings that shot downthe Homestead strikers in cold bloodwhen they tried to organize a union atthesteel mills? He wasn't so peaceful then.Republicans for Wilson.Thousands of progressive liepublcans will vote for the Democratic nominee for the presidency, in the opinionof Rudolph Spreckle3, of San Francisco, close friend of Senator LaFollette and long proimnent in the Republican parly of California."I have given many years of mytime and gsupport to the progressiveRepublican cause and to honest effortto eliminate poliical bosses and bringabout the establishment of a just andtruly representative government, andshall.continue to make that fight within my party ; but I feel it my, duty tosupport Gov. Wilson at the comingelection, believing it to be the onlyproper course left open for one who issincerely interested in the establishment of progressive legislation in ournation at the earlist moment."Today I held a'conference with Dr.Harvey W. Wiley, who stands out asthe foremost figure in this nation as aprotector of the lives and health of ourchildren, and he informs me that he isopposed to the election ot either President Taft or Theodore Roosevelt, because both failed during their administrations to properlv support the fightagainst the rich manufacturers ofharmful foods and drugs."The implicit confidence that manypeople have in Chamberlain's Colic,Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy isfounded on their experience in the useof that remedy and their knowledge ofthe manv remarkab'e cures of colic,diarrhoea and dysentery that it haseffected. For sale bv all dealers.Paradoxical Proceedings."Did you get up against a swindlingproposition?" "Oh, yes; he fell forit"To Mothers and Others.You can use Bucklens' Arnica Salveto cure children ot eczema, rashes, tetter, chafings, scaly and crusted humors, as well as their accidental injuriescuts, burns, bruises, etc., with perfect safety. Nothing else heals soquickly. For boils, ulcers, old runningor fever sores or piles it has no equal.25 cents at Oberdorfer's.Alcohol From Chicory Root.In Germany alcohol is now preparedfrom chicory root, which grows invarious parts of that country.Giorieus News.comes from Dr. J. T. Curtiss, D wight,Kas. He writes: "I not only havecured bad cases of eczema in my patients with Electric Bitters, but alsocured myself by them of the same disease. I feel sure they will benefit anycase of eczema." "This shows whatthousands have proved, that ElectricBitters is almost effective blood purifier. Its an excellent remedy for eczema, tetter, salt rheum, ulcers, boilsand running sores. It stimulates kidneys liver and bowels, expels poisons,helps digestion, builds up the strengtl JPrice 50 cents. Satisfaction guaranteed by Oberdorfer.Jinnk LangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.augl6tfEast Tenn. Phoe 669Are the Flvand Mosquito Dangerous?rr- a !iL x.. (t nnllanfsxne ny, wmu syuusr l .Mww .-.- .- -- -- , -!..them over our food and poisons us with typhoid and cholera. Ihe mosquito with,its bite injects into our veins malaria and yellow fever. The bacteria of consumption, or grip, are everywhere present for us to breathe intoour lungs. The bloodwhich flows through our veins and arteries is our protection. It should contaiahealthy red and white blood corpuscles capable of warding off these diseasejlerms. Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery is a blood medicine and alterativemade entirely without alcohol, a pure glyceric extract of bloodroot, golden seal,Oregon grape root, queen's root, mandrake and stone root, which has enjoyed aW A n7WM. Maguire, Esq.Last as long as the building, and never need repairs never need any attention, except anoccasional coat of paint. Just the thing for all kinds of countiy'bufldings. Fite-proofHandsome Inexpensive. Can be laid right over wood shingles without dirt or bother. (4)For Sale by Miller & Best, Millersburg, Ky.5ii)C&S3;e5S2SS)22You may forget it. Send, inThey're all after good Coal. What may that be? "Why, Coal thatwill fill its primary purpose BURN. You don't want to manufacture smoke, clinker3, soot or ashes, but you do want to get themost heat of the least fuel for the least money.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.OfcK?esggQag3X32i3s(scS2fc 2Szs&CumberlanaXekpbone and Celegrapb gompayINCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone" service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the Cumberland JBourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg,North Middletown, LittleF Rock andRuddles Mills.J 'When you have Cumberland service youHAVE telephone service.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporatedAUTO FOR HIRE. Special , attention given toparties desiring to hire automobiles. Call on us forpricesTRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Livery, feed and Sales Stable.Eighth Street Both Phones.Some Good AdviceTo the People.Don't sell your old feathers until you find out the prices, Youcan call us and we will look atyour feather, or if you live inthe counrry send us a sample. Iwill let you know what they areworth. Some old feathers if theyJhave been well cared for are asgood as new. We pay marketprice for new feathers.MAX MUNICK,8thStreet, ' PARIS, KY.", " Call East Tenn, Phone 374flu nvicihlf (terms nf Hlpg cnra1.fluence of this extract is like Nature's influence the bloodis bathed in the tonic which gives life to the blood thevital fires of the body bum brighter and their increasedactivity consumes the tissue rubbish which has accumulatedduring the winter." About forty years z.o -while in Newark. Ntrsr Jersey. I had chill3and fever," -writes Sin. Mich vex. JJact-iRE, of National Military Home,Kans. "I went to ICansas City and in the spring of 1877 the chills andfeverreturned. Doctors and everything I tried failed to do me good.Finally I saw Dr. Pierce's Golden SI.-dical Disco ery advertised. I tookone bottla of it and the chills vanished. In about a year afterwardI felt them coming back so I grot another bottle and have never hadany symptoms of fever or aue s ncc That is all of twenty years ago,for I had the chill3 ahoat twelve years before I started to take GoldoaMedical D'scovery.' "2)r. PIstco's Pleasant Pallets are for liver Illsyour order to-day for a ton of our.,JModern Equipment,4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.,grjEverything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDJ J. WILLIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks JBuildine.Dr. Wm. Kenney,. PARTS. KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones j 6Residence $&-uwiuo uirx s.DR. Al. H KEULER,PRACTTOTXa Pttvstt atOffices, Rooms' 4 and 5, Elk's BldwBARBERSHOPProfessional Cards IJram, .... Kantock" st-' -f-.r'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,. KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1912Burley Tobacco GrowersBoost Your Own i BrandsWe, as you know, are using your choicest tobacco in" the"brands of Strater Bros." Branch, and you know that nobody growsbetter tobacco than you do. You know how we manufacture, soyou know that these brands are perfection. Now we want you tohelp us sell these brands this year even better than our bestprevious years. The reasons you should so help are as follows:You Are Part OwnerThe fact that you grow the tobaccomakes you part ownerof all thesebrands.Eery time that one sells you profit.Every word that you say in favor of anyhelp? to increase thoe sales. Everybrand that you buy for your own usehelps make those profits better. All ourinterests your interests and ours arepooled in thtse several tobaccos. It isloic that you should bend all of yourefforts, howe er small, in the selling:.The United Power of40,000 Buyers40,006 taea in a section wield an enormous bttvtctg: xsftne&ce. If all a;k forthese bcarvl whea they buy tobaccothere rrsurt- a jrxaatic sale. And bigsales an? tifce bits advertising: known.7n Fip-n rs ? letters throuchout the United States know these famous tobaccos.x j .... . . i r Are Kation-wide sellers popular brands. They are helping: thesedealertyrcsT- T ar made irom the pick of the famous crops of 40,000 growers.Everv cce tSKfe twecvis bcc.:ms:thcm all. So are all of their friends. This method isL- 3.ag tie pcvWS to dealers :o thoe who sell these brands. Are they working for jj?Here are the rM. fragrant smoking brands-GOLDEN GLOW-PENNY POST-FULL PAY.Here are the deKcious cbev. iaC brands INDEX BY JOE TWIST-CUP DAY'S WORK- JN TKESQUARE-TOKCHLIGHT-STRATER'S NATURAL LEAF.Put them into ycur stock. See how they sell.STRATER BROS. TOBACCO COMPANY BRANCHBURLEY TOBACCO COMPANY, Incorporated, Louisville, Ky. (2)L. dc N. TIME-TABLEIX EFFECT JAX 14, 1911. AT 11:59:P. ZVI.Trains .A.rrrveFROMAtlanta, Ga., Daily 5 21 amLexington. Ky. Daily 4.34amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 amRowland, Ry. , Daily Except Sunday 7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 amCincinnati, O., Dsily 9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 amLexington, Ky, , Daily 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmLexington, Ky. . Daily , 3.34 pmKnoxville. enn.. Daily 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky. , Daily 5.25 pmCincinnati, O.. Daily Except Sunday , 5.40 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6,03 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.03 amJacksonville. Fla., Daily 6 05 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmNo.3429104037312332625913S3S5393083231Trains XDe-peirtNo. TO34 Cincinnati. O., Daily '. 5.28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 am29 Lexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday. 7.47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily'Except Sunday 8.20 arc10 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 8.20 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily , .0.57 am37 Knoxville, Temi., Daily 9.55 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.24 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10.27 am6 Maysville, K., Daily 12.05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.34 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.4o pm9 Rowland, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 5.52 pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.57 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daifr 6.10 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Dailv Except Sunday 6.15 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.25 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.55 pm13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57 pF" c3 O- TIMIE-TABIjEIX EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.1'rainsNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Dailv Except Sunda .-. .8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.40 pm5 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 rm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10.00 pmTrains IDepartNo. TO161 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only G.20 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday 9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky DailyExcept Sunday 5.52 amFains All Over!"You are welcome says Mrs. Nora Guffey, of BrokenArrow, Okia., "to use my letter in any way you want to,if it will induce some suffering woman to try Cardui. I hadpains all over, and suffered with an abscess Three physicians failed to relieve me. Since taking Cardui, I am inbetter health than ever before, and that means much to me,because I suffered many years with womanly troubles, ofdifferent kinds. What other treatments I tried, helped mefor a few days only."ITAKEruDon't wait, until you are taken down sick, before taking care of yourself. The small aches and pains, and othersymptoms of womanly weakness and disease, always meanworse to follow, unless given quick treatmentYou would always keep Cardui handy, if you knewwhat quick and permanent relief it gives, where weaknessand disease of the womanly system makes life seem hardto bear. Cardui has helped over a million women. Try itWrite to: Lakes' Advisory Dept. Chittaaooga, Medidne Co.. Chattanooga. Tenn..for SbMInsfractiMS.&U-vitbo6k. "Home Treatment for Woaen. sentfree. J51Smokers and chewers flock to brandsthat they see the most people buying.40,000 steady users indirectlv make 40,000 more. Get them for Strater Bros.'Branch Brands the brands that yougrow for by using these brands yourself.Tell Every FriendTell your friends of these brands. Tellthem what you know of the tobacco. Tellthem you grow it and sinoke and chewit jourself. so you know. Tell them itcomes from Kentucky, from the centerof the richest Burley sections. Let themknow it's the cream of your crops andthat they can buy these brands from'most any dealer, because dcala s knowthat these brands are the best they canbuy.Burley growers should be Burley Boostersand the best way to boost is to BUY BurleyYOUR OWN BRANDS-YOURSELF.ArriveTheWdnfarfsTonicAT THE END OFTHE LONG CAR RIDEBy EDMUND MOBERLY.Whenever he could do so withoutseeming rude, Kenneth Craig allowedhis gaze to rest upon the girl who, Ilike himself, stood waiting for a car.He was spending a few months athome, after several years in the tropics. During those years, he had beenable to associate with few of thewomen of his race, and he now foundpositive delight in the mere sight ofsuch a radiant, tailor-made vision asthe one a few feet from him.A car came along and they boardeuit. It was well filled, and after shehad seated herself, there remained butone vacant seat the place by herside, which he straightaway took. Anacquaintance of Kenneth's, thinking hewas accompanying the girl, bowed tohim, at the same time raising his hat.Kenneth returned the bow, and absentmindedly followed the other's example as to the hat. In the next instant,he would have given anything to recall his action, for he saw that shehad noted it, and construed it as animpertinence.The conductor approached them, andwhen Kenneth handed him a dime, hepromptly rang up two fares, assumingthe pair to be companions, and beingin blissful ignorance of the fact thatthe girl was at that moment delvingin her handbag for her purse."Your paying my fare was an actof unpardonable presumption," said acool voice at his side."Very well," he replied. "Shall Icall the conductor? Or do you preferto cancel the debt by simply handingme five cents?""The latter method will serve," she jdecided, and again began to searchfor her purse.Suddenly she grew red and nervous."I cannot find my purse; it isn't inmy bag," she faltered."I'm very sorry," he replied, solicitously polite."Oh, it isn't the loss that I mind;it was but a small 'sum but now Icannot cancel my obligation to you.""It is a trifling matter. Let us forget it," he urged."Indeed we must not. You must letme know where I may send themoney.""Oh, very well. If you insist, hereis my crrd. It has my address on it."The car stopped at his street, andj when he left it, he was mildly surprised to see that she did the same.He bought a paper, and she passedhim. When he started toward hishome, he noticed that she was justahead. ' -s??'He tramped along, reading the headlines of his paper, and when he reached his home, he was amazed to see herstanding on the front porch."Are you following me?" she askeddefiantly, as he ascended the steps."Not in the way you mean," he replied with a smile."Then why do you come here?""Do you know whose house this is?"he asked, answering question withquestion."Yes.""Then will you kindly look at thecard which you so disdainfully thrustunread into your bag while on thecar?"The card was quickly found. Sheread it with a gasp. "You are ElsaCraig's brother," she exclaimed, inpretty confusion. "Oh, why didn't Ilook at this card before?""And you are ?" he hinted."I'm Barbara Page, Elsa's roommate and chum at college.Kenneth looked at her intently. "Soyou are Barbara Page," he said musingly. "Elsa wrote me much aboutyou while I was in Brazil but, by theway, you weren't expected until tomorrow, were you?""No; I am a day ahead. My fatherwas traveling this way today, so Icame as far as the city with him, leaving my baggage to follow.""Elsa won't be home for an hour ortwo yet," he said, opening the door."Won't you come in?""Will you go to your room, or willyou bear me company in the livingroom until sister arrives?" he askedas they entered. "Such a pleasureas chatting with a real, live Americangirl has been almost entirely deniedme during the last three years, andin view of the fact that you are indebted to me for the sumof ","If you start by mentioning- that, Ishall assuredly go to my room," shebroke in "with a laugh, as she enteredthe living-room.She "sangnis favorite songs to him,and played the compositions of hisfavorite composers."Miss Page, did Elsa ever talk toyou about me?" he asked, after anhour and a half had slipped by andno Elsa had appeared. "It i3 a ratherstrange question, but I have a specialreason for asking it.""Oh, yes," she replied, "but ,think JI ought to go to my room now.""Please hear me first," he said."Last summer, when you and Elsagraduated, she wrote me that shecould not bear .separation from you,and that if I wished to 'prove myselfa lovfng brother, I must come homeand marryyou, so that she could haveyou for a sister. I I wish to provemyself a loving brother "She started to flee, but found himin her path."Please let me pass," she pleaded."Two hours ago we had never seeneach other."There was a light step on the porchoutside and someone entered the hall."Is that you, Elsa?" he called."Yes, Ken," answered a voice outside the door."Come in here and persuade my future wife," he said, "to take me seri-4 pusly as her future husband."HANDLING BEEF "CATTLE IN SUMMERIn summering a heid of" bear cat 15the most important thing is preparation, writes a North Carolina farmerin the American Agriculturist. 1 begiuthis always the fall before by sowingplenty of rye and clover to give greenfeed during the spring and early summer. During the winter I feed all cattle grain twice daily and all of therough feed they will clean up. AboutMarch 15 I have rye large enough tofeed, and then I begin getting awayfrom the grain ration by substituting afeed of green rye cut and fed in racksfor one feed of grain. I continue thisfeeding until the latter part of April.By this time I have pasture and cutThe matter of quality in beef isvery simole Most cattle of thebeef breeds have very much natural fleshing ability. They may become emaciated to a skeleton, butthis natural ability remains. Thecattle that havo not been speciallydeveloped for beef growing havebut little natural fleshing ability.What is the result? When put onfeed the good Shorthorn, Angus orHereford steer distributes the fatin the multitude of cells found inhis abundance of natural flesh andwhen finished jields a product fitfor a king. The scrub steer, withscarcely any natural flesh, can storebut little of the fat in this mannerand wrhen slaughtered jields up achunk of dry lean and a chunk oftallow, either one a poor article ofdiet The one had a place to putmeat; the other did not.out grain entirely to all cattle over oneyear old. Young cattle I feed a littlegrain the year round. I continue feeding once a day, feeding about all thecattle will clean up in the afternoonafter clover is large enough to cut andfeed. I follow the same feeding planwith clover as with rye.By the time clover is gone I try tohave green corn. My plan is as follows: I have six small hog pastures ,pnthe farm containing one and a halfacies each. Three of these I plant incorn every year, alternating the fields.I plant the first one just as soon aspossible with early corn. Two weeksfollowing 1 plant the second lot andtwo weeks after this the third andiow each of these in peas at the lastworking of the corn. The peas are leftfor the hogs. By the time my clover isall gone I have corn about in roastingear stage in my first lot This is cutand fed green to the cattle. The tworemaining Jots follow in succession,leaving the peas to mature for thehogs. When the corn is fed up I beginon pea vines, cut and fed green, andcontinue feeding these once a day untilfrost.In this section pastures are not veryabundant, and I have found that Icould get far better results and morefeed off a given amount of land by onlyallowing the cattle to run on pasturea half day at the time and supplementing this with the crops named, inthe manner stated, from the time cattlecome out of winter quarters until theyare put back on a grain ration in thefall. This is my general plan, and, ofcourse, sometimes when the pasturesare plentiful I pasture entirely, butthis is rare. I think the extra amountof manure gained by keeping the cattle in a well littered feed lot half ofthe day, and especially the hot afternoons when they would not be feeding much if on pasture, easily pay aprofit on the cost of handling the feedhauled to the cattle, and I also figurethat I can keep more cattle by doingthis.Good Sows For Improvement.A lot has been said about the boarhaving an immense influence on theherd. It is true that his influence affects more animals than the influenceof any individual sow does. You can'texpect one boar, however, to improvea poor herd all alone. He must havethe help of some good sturdy sowsthat have been selected because oftheir type.The boar will stamp his characteristics upon the offspring of almost anysow, but he will not produce pigs exactly like himself. The sow has a bigInfluence on the pigs, and if she is exceptionally poor the pigs will certainlynot be so good as their sire. They willbe better than their dam, of course,but a herd can be built up faster if atleast a few of the sows are selectedfrom the herd of some man who hasbeen successful in breeding a profitable type.The Horse's Hoofs.If the horse's hoofs are hard and inclined to be "shelly" do not let anybody put oil or grease on them, forthis only clogs the hoof material, -whichshould absorb "water instead of repelling it Such hoofs are best treated by soaking them several hours together in warm water slightly saltedor by turning out the horse at nightin a pasture where he will get the,hoofs wet in the dew.j . V JJ1w.v MMMUNOIJ.VIOOSSV 8MVHIVaw$21,000$ 3,000$ 5,000$ 3,000$ 9,500$ 5,000tjH flBSBNOXOMIXITHE KENTUCKY FUTURITYTHE WALNUT TTATT, CUPTHE TRANSYLVANIA - -THECASTLETON CUPCHAMPIONSHIP STALLIONTHE OCTOBER PRIZE -A. BIG STAKEWeber's PrizeOneFare-RAILROAD RAT ES-One Fare,WRITE FORNew Fall Suits Arrivingv" ..Xir vvTa-.itv.-- '.--V- S. ' T ?..') ,,' .3fcL & -jCWrf 8 A ai - o . ;v u . . .yv ;kJHHkMAa71!Tu&kn y 'UrnWt'" 13&i JSCHLOSSBIIOSSCOl vwTWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEPT,L.'xWoSlstein, Proprietor.iTraregTwmreiri" J&&X&AlwaysFrom the moment a Studebaker(Flanders) "20" is delivered, you have acar ready to go on the job. It will standup to its work day in and day out takethe hills and rough places as cheerfully asthe smooth, and the only care it asks islubrication.Studebaker cars are built for honesteveryday service, and will give you servicenot excuses. You can start n thelongest journey in full confidence that youwill finish'as strong as you began.Mechanical stability, beauty of design;simplicity of control, low price and lowupkeep cost combine to make the Studebaker "20" an ideal car.i -Sjhe $800 Studebaker (nnders)"20N Price, Standard Equipped, SKtf.o.b. Detroit.Equipped as above, with Tep, Windshield, Prest-O-Late Tanki and Speedometer, $886.fXr mmr dealer or the new StndebaJttr art catalogue or send to xxa for itVhm Studebaker Corporation Petroit, Michigar - 'Bourbon Garage & Supply Co., Agts. 3"H U AMOOJLN3MS1S3IN0O1S3IV3H3tS.01HOM3HI"O.LOOTUESDAY, OCT. SWEDNESDAY, OCT. fTHURSDAY, OCT. 10- 3IONDAY, OCT. 14- MONDAY, OCT. 14.WEDNESDAY, OCT. 1&JEVERY DAYBand of AmericaPROGRAMDailySchloss Bros., & Co.3aIirnore, Md.?ii Bland IVfade Suitsi Are Mere Directfrom The TailorsHands. . .We are showing the new Plum,.Carnation, Grey and Browns, th& .prices very reasonable, $15 to $25.All Wool Fall Suits, newestshades at. . . .$10, $12.50 and $15.Our Fall Line of Haws VonGol Hats Douglass Shoes andTiwn Bros., Special Shoes are arriving daily.The showing we are making,,for Fall is in every way up to thehighest class, our prices are morereasonable than elsewhere.Readyv-. -9' "S t fX.,"C"". MS &- .W-,THE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KENTUCKY,; SEPTEMBER. 17. 1912.Low Colonist Rites.T.nw one-wav second class TcolonistFarPR to California. British Columbia, 5Arizona, Alberta, Montana, Oragon,Washingaton, Nevada, New Mexico,Utah and Texas. Tickets on saleSeDt 5th to October 10th, inclusive.For further information, call on or address W. H. HARRIS, Agent.J. K. SMITH, T. A."Roxie" Davis !Ok insurance AgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning : : 1 : :OJiggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137rnniiHHiiwvH wI One Grand, Glorious Week of Superlative JoyI KNIGHTS OF MACCABEES OF WORLDFALL FESTIVALSeptember 22, 24,The Krause Greater Shows3,000-t 3,000 Delighted Visitorshourly. 2C0 Entertainers.Performers and Actors. 30Concessions and Spectacles.IIIGlittering, Gathering Colossial Combination. Awe Inspiring Amalgamation. Dazzling Unification,3 Free AttractionsMISS EMMA MEIERWorld's Champion Lady SwimmerAfter giving an exhibition of fancy diving, Miss Meier mounts aladder to the heigth of 75 feet and makes a leap for life in threefeet of water.Professor Cox and His Mammoth BalloonThe Royal Italian Band Of Solo Artists.Twelve Big Shows and Attractions.All NewAll CleanAll Moral. Brilliantly Illumined with 5,000 ElectricBulbs.J CITY LOT JOflliflMMW wmmmm iw'HBHhv'--'Irml ijSlfflSKYrfflM Uli III I 111 HrE dHHSIiipSli HDi flflriculwr! Bank of Paris.-SSPlfe1 Surplus Protection-$100,00.00 $67,500.00 $267,500.00Conrad Denied Bail.Walter, Luther and Jasper Conrad,who are charged with the murder ofTracy Duncan, which occurred at Connersville5 in Harrison county, were indicted by the grand jury lor wilful murder. They aDpeared befor Judge Fryf or ball, and'aflerthe hearing of theevidence the Circuit Judge refused togive the Conrads bail. They weretaken to jail to awat the final trialwhich will likely come up at the February term of the Circuit Court,:which convenes the fourth Monday inFebruary. Commonwealth's AttorneyJ. C. Dedman will be assisted by Col.R. B. Franklin of Frankfort. ,Aliens Captured in .Iowa.Sidna Allen and Wesley Edwards,members of the Allen gang that shotnr t.ho TTillsville. Va.. court lastMarch, afterwards making their esnflnG. were captured in Des Moines,Towa. Saturday bv detectives whotrailed them bv following Miss MaudeIroler, of Mount Airy, Va., who wasto have been marneato .EiuwHrubx1 11day night.I25, 26, 27, & 28Krause GreaterShowsConcatenation of Carnival Colossi. 1001 Nights inSix.The most stupendousamusement conception ofits kind, on earth. Evolved, planned, executed andpresented by BenKrause, theNapoleon of the tentedjworld.Imii3Afternoon" and EveningMATRIMONIAL.Mr. and Mrs. R. O. Richart, ofSharpsburg, Ky., announce the engagement of their daughterJNell Allen, toMr. Hav Thomas Letton, of Carlisle.The marriage will take place in October. WALKER WEATHERS.Mr. and Mrs. William Myall Walker, of Lexinteon, announce the engagement of their daughter, MaryBelle, to Mr. J. Thomas Weathers, ofBourbon county. The wedding willtake place in the fall.JOHNSON-MILLER.Mr. and Mrs. Oscar M. Johnson, ofMillersburg, announce the engagementof their daughter, Miss Ethel, to Mr.Alex S. Miller, of that place. Thisannouncement will be of interest tothe any friends of the popular couple.The bride-elect is one of the most beautiful and attractive young women inCentral KentucKy, and is much lovedand admired. Mr. Miller is a prosperous merchant of Millersburg, and ispopular in both rbusmess and socialcircles. The wedding will take blacein the late fall.RELIGIOUS.Marriage licenses were issuedSaturday by County Clerk PerrcePaton to Mr. S. H. Vohn and MissMartha Jane Lyman and Mr. MortonHatfield and Miss Maggie McVay.The annual report of the Presbyteian church just issued gives the following statistics on the KentuckySynod: Presbyteries, 6; ministers, 95;churchse, 142; communicants, 12,014;Sunday school members, 9.798. TheEbenezer Presbytery has 24 ministers :30 churches, 3,968 communicants;3,685 Sunday school members.Rev. E M. Lightfoot, pastor ofthe Paris Baptist church, will assistRev. J, P. Scruggs, at Midway, in conduting a protracted meeting in thatcity, beginning Oct. 14.Henry T. Duncan is Nominated.Henry T. Duncan, former candidatefor Mayor of Lexingon on the Fusionticket, was nommtaed by acclamationfor Congress against J. Campbell Cantrill in this.'the Seventh district, bythe Progressive District Committee,which met in Lexington Saturday.Two other candidates were named,Col. Noel T. Gaines, of Frankfort, andHon. J. L. Earlywine, of this city,but on the last ballot Mr. Duncan received a majority of the votes of thecommitte and later his nomination wasmade by acclamation.School Shoes.Go to Feld's and get your schoolshoes for boys, misses and children.Satisfaction guraaoteed. tfGame Commissioner Returns.J. Quincy Ward, of Paris, Fish andGame Commissioner, has returned toFrankfort from Denver, Colorado,where he attended the National Association of Game Commissioners andthe convention of American FisherySocieties. Mr. Ward said he learnedthat in every State where the fish andgame laws are simiar to those in thisState that conditions have been greatly improved and that it was the general opinion that with the enforcementof the Kentucky laws great qiantitiesof fish andgamecould be -produced inthis State."During the next year a graat dealof work is going to be done alone educational lines by the various States.Clubs for the protection of fish andgame will be organized in everycounty inthis State and through theorganizations educational work willbe carried on.Up to date 5.277 hunters' licenseshave been issued.Maccabees' Fall FestivalNestWeek.Next week the Kraus Carnival Company will show in the city lot for thebenefit of the local lodge of Maccabees. The company played at Condersport, Pa., lsat week and the pressof that city is loud in praising thekcompany. The Democrat says of the carnival: "The best line of attractions that Ihave ever -visited." is the general verdict of al of our citizens and thecrowds of home comers and visitorswhen speaking of the Kraus GreaterShows, the big amusement companywho are furnishing all of the attractions for our Old Home Week celebration. All of the big shows and "riding devices are located on the main streetand with the whirr of the huge jumping horse, carry us all, the twirl ofthe monster ferris wheel, the shoutsof i he leather lunged barkers, thelaughter of the thousands of merrymakers, and the music from the several bands and organs, mingled withthe blaze of myriads of multicoloredred lights and Jbunting of manv huesthe big midway is the mecca for everyone, young and old.The best part of all is that no showof the least suggestive nature is tolerated by Mr. Ben Kraus, the genialmanager and owner of this vast enterprise, and the ladies and children canvisit any ana an attractions at anyand all times.No gambling is tolerated in any formand our ciiy fathers and ministers havedeclared it the cleanest and mostwholesome amusement offering evergiven at any like celebration.The shows number ten and all aregood and well worth the small admission charged.The free attractions carried by Mr.Kraus are the best, especially MissElma Meier, the lady high diver, whomakes her perilous dive from a loftyladder into a tank of water below, besides giving a very fine exhibition offancy and difficult dives previous toher final leap of 75 feet. This exhibition is marvelous and is without question one of the most beautiful and sensational free attractions ever witnessed by our people. The next bigfree attraction is Professor Cox in hissensational balloon ascension and parachute drops which always brings forthmuch applause.The Royal Italian Band carried bythe Krause company has already wontheir way into the hearts of the musicloving public.I ,tl l J I t.-Aine iuucs uarrcu uy ouurijuij.Society.Allegingthat he violated Section 2of the rules and regulations of the! BourboniCounty Agricultural Society,the directors of the organization in session Saturday afternoon voted ' to barAllie Jones, of North Middletown,from further exhibition of bis stockor that of other persons, until he hadmade retraction of the language usedin the show ring in this city, when ahorse being exhibited by him wasawarded the second premium.The incident which caused the actionofjthe Board of Directors occurred onSaturday, September 7, the last day ofthe fair. A ringjn the roadster classwas being shown in which Jones hadan entry. The award of the judgeswas made in favor of a horse exhibitedfcy R. H. Boardman, of Little Rock,while the entry of Jones was giventhe second preimum.The decision of the judges greatlyincensed Jones who tore the premiumribbon from his animal and hurled ittoward the judges, at .the same timeusing language, which according tobystanders was very unbecoming, directing his remarks to Messrs. WilsonandnBurton, judges in this class, aswell as the committee in charge oftheexhibition, which was composed of A.S. Thomnson, V. W. Ferguson, J. T.Collins and J. M. Hall.An effort on the part'of friends wasmade to induce Jones to extend anapology for his hasty action, butw ithout result and to enforce therulesof the society, the directors tookaction aginst the exhibitor. Jones,who is one of the most prominenthorsemen in this section of ,ftne State,had a number of horses jhere duringth fair, and captured several premiums both at the Blue Grass Fair inLexington and at the State Fair.The meeting of the directors of theSociety Saturday afternoon was presided over by President J. M. Hall,with the following directors present :C. Arnsparger, R. B. Hutchcraft, J.F. Barbee, N. Ford Brent, A. S.Thompson, C. M. Thomas. F. P. Lowry, H..S. Caywood, A. P. Adair and J.W. Davis.According to the report of the Treasurer the society lost a considerablesum on:the recent fair, and an orderwas entered instructing the treasurerto borrow the sum of $1,500 to completejthe payments of the premiums,and also4the sum of S5,U00 to completethe payment of the grounds.The matter of cnanging the date ofthe fair for next year was discussedat the meeting but no action wastaken. Those at the head of the society are of the opinion that the date3chanced to the early part of the fairseason would repult in a greater profitand have the eeftct of bringing out alarger number of exhibitors. Thepresent dates ot the fair, followingimmediately after the Blue Grass Fair,one week before the State Fair and onthe same dates of the Indiana StateFair, have worked quite a hardship,financially and otherwise, and it is theopinion that a change in the datewould be very helpful from everystandpoint.Insure your Tobacco withTHOMAS & WOODFORD.Fall Millinery Display.We wish to announce that Mrs.Caldwell has arrived from a trip toEastern "Millinery Centers" and isnow ready to consult with onr customers relative to orders for Fall andWinter Millinery. Our Fall Displaywill take place Wednesdey and Thursday, September 2o and 26 Our shelves and cases will be filled with mostbeautiful dress hats and tailored hatsof the most fashionable designs. Theprices of our millinery will be madeto suit the pocket-books of all classes,td MRS. CORNE WATSON BAIRD.Kentucky's Great Trots atLex-ington.Tuesdav, October 8, will witness theopening of the most memorable trotting meeting the world has known.Never before were so may rich eventspiorgammed for a single meeting,totalling as they do the magnificentsum of 85,000. Aside from the bigstakes there is a natural ambition ofall owners to win at Lexington, nowthe world's breeding center for trotters. In addition the fact that all thevery best horses of the year are entered at Leixngton insures racing of themost sensational order. On the opening day alone the three races amountto S18.000. These include the twentieth racing of the Kentucky Futurity,$14,000,for three-year-old trotters Allthe great ones are eligible. The valueof the purse, the quality of the field,coupled with the fact that the Futuritywinner is always hailed as the champion of his year, insures a bitter contest of the highest order. Our readersshould not fail to witness it. Halffare on all railroads. Read the advertisement and arrange to go to Lexington October 8 to 19.Mayer Hasn't Hit in Two Season.A news dispatch from Chicago,which will be of interest to Paris baseball fans, is as follows :"A new major league record was dugup today, and one which pacticallyevey fan of the Windy City had overlooked. Only one person in the wholetown realized what was doing, andthat person is no other than the partywho fs establishing the record. WalterMayer.jthe Sox recruit catcher, is theparty referred to."Mayer has been in the big leaguetwo season and during that time duesnot know what it is to feel the thrillof driving out a base hit in a regulargame. It is a fact. Mayer hasn't hitasfely once in a championship gamesince joining the Southsiders."Mayer's job with Comiksey is safe,however, as he is a natural ballplayerand believes in himself. He wassecured from the Paris, Ky., team ofthe Blue Grass League last fall, andhas worn a Chicago uniform since.And the funny part about his work isthat he led the Slue Grass League inhitting when the Sox picked him up.Mayer attracted Comiskey's eye by hiswonderful work in Texas this spring,and the mogul firmly believes" thatsome pitcher will forget ,and lay oneover, and the needed base hit will result. According to Comiskey, whenhe does hit Iook.out!"Cohen to Quit Horse Show.After having developed some of themost noted saddle horses in Kentuckywithin. the last few years, Matt. S.Cohen has announced that he will retire from the show horse business toaccept a position with the CorbyvilleDistillery Co., Montreal, Canada. Mr.Cohen received from this company anoffer of $5,000 a year for his servicesand fhe promptly accepted. JDuringthe years that Mr. Cohen has Jspentwith show horses in Kentucky he hasput into the premium lists some ofKentucky's most widely known animals, the most noted of which is probably the peerless Edna Mae, which hehandled for Mrs. R. T. Lowndes ofDanville.Heavy Fine Imposed.Harry Pryor was fined $100 andgiven fifty days in jail on the chargeof having a barrel of whiskey shippedl-nf.r o "Ivir" f-.n-ntMf rvrv Ttnf.Vl tVlF inin-tention of selling it.L. N. Sued lor $25,000.A suit for $5,000 was filed in theNicholas Circuit Court against the Louisville and Nashville railroad companyby W. T. Clark, administrator of theestate of Willis Ray Clark, who wasrecently killed by a train at Robinsonstation in Harrison count v. The petition alleges that Ray ClarkeTwas killedby the'negligence of'the Louisville andNashville railroad company.Arriving Daily.New Fall Footwear arriving daily at10 tf FELD'S SHOE STORE.Double Tracking Pogressing.Nearly all the right of way in Bourbon county or the new double track between Paris and Wincbester has beensecured and the work is progressing asfast as possible. One and one-quartermiles belonging to Miss Georgia King,was appraised at $4,750, which aboutcloses the right of way in Bourbon.The contractors areEscondida. Theretrouble experiencedright of way in thisnow working athas been littlein securing thecounty, and workon the road on the Clark county endwill begin shortly.Rosenthal Slayers Captured."Gyp the Blood" and "Leftie Louie"the missing gunmen indicted as two ofthe actual slayers of Herman Rosenthal, the gambler, "were found by thepolice Saturday night living with theirw ives in a flat in the Brownsville section of Brooklyn.The two men had been'occupyingltheflat since Auguts 15, and were aloneuntil last Tuesday, when they werejoined by their wives, through whomclues to their whereabouts were obtained by the police.The Carpet and Rug Siore.We have one of the largest stocks ofcarpets and rugs in the State. No oldpatterns, all the latest syles to selectfrom. Call in and let us save youmoney.J. T. HINTON.Want Proposed Railroad.Carlisle will make an effort to getthe projected Cincinnati, Licking Valley & Virginia railroad. The railroadwhich is to run from r Cincinnati toCumberland Gap along the valley of theLicking Valley, traverses Nicholascounty from Blue Lick Springs toParks Ferry, but misses Carlisle aboutrive miles. A committee of the Carlisle Commercial Club will make aneffort to persuade the promoters tomake a detour into Carlisle or give ita spur. The road misses Mt. Olivetabout four miles and it willmakecasimilar effort. Mt. Olivet has no railroad. A Full Line.Photo supplies we arry a full line.VARDEN & SON.City Property at Auction.The property of the late Mrs. M. F..Tultle, situated at No. 35 W. Sixteenth street, Paris, Ky., will be soldat auction Thursday, Sept. 19, at 2 p.m. It is convenient to car line andrailroad yards and must besold to settle the estate.Returns from Mining District.'Mr. Lee Starke returned Fridaynight from Caney, Morgan county.Ky., where he has been in the interestof the Canes Cannel Coal Co.,ot which he is Secretary andTreasurer,,and in which local capitalistsare interested.Mr. Starke reports great progressbeing made in the development of thetwo hundred acres of coal land ownedby the company. A branch of railroadis being built to the proposed minewhich will be completed before amine in the rich cannel coal region willbe opened.Many buildings are going up in thevicinity of the proposed location ofthe mine, which are necessary beforethe operations begins. Those interested in the movement are enthusedover the prospects of a large output ofcoal when the development of the coalland is completed.Nation's Greatest Asset.The Manufacturers' Record makesthe bold statement that the South isthe nation's greatest asset, and announces that it is preparing a specialpublication in which it proposes toprove conclusivly that the South is. indeed, the greatest asset of the natiop.The Manufacturers' Record has undertaken a big proposition, but it is onewhich appeals to the imagination andstirs the enthusiasm. If it can so present the matter as to convince the business world that this section, with itsgreat natural advantages, is the greatest asset of the country, it will awakenin other sections as well as abroad, afar ereater interest in the future otthis section than has yet been created.If all Southern States are making theprogress that Kentucky, is, it will notbe such a big .statement to make, forjust now the eyes of all the countryare on the developments of her inexhaustible supply of coal and timberlands in the Eastern section of thei State,DEATHS.CROXTON.Mrs. Lizzie M. Coxton, aged 66years, died at the home of her brotherMr.lJames D. McClintock, on bofithMain street last night at 9 o'clockafter an illness of about four monthsrofa complication of diseases.Mrs. Croxton has been in declininghealth for some time and her recentillness assumed a critical stage aboutten days ago. Since that time her lifehas been despaired of and her condition caused deep apprehension amongher relatives and friends.Mrs. Croxton was thewidowZof Mr.Joseph Z. Crox tona prominent citizen of Paris, who died several yearsago. She is survived by two brothers,Messrs. James D. MCclintock and JohnJ. McClintock, one sister, Mrs. ArchPaxton, of Lexington, and one daughter. Mrs. William Giltner, of this city.At the time of going to press lastnignt the funeral arrangements hacinot been made.The Carthage, Mo., Press sajs"Mrs. Josie Matheny, wife of the lataDr. Samuel Matheny, of Louisville,Ky., died Sept. 11 of chronic bronlchitis, at the home cf her; daughterMrs. Avonia Eads.Inorthwest of Carthage, with whom she had made herhome for Surae time past. She hafbeen in failing health for thejpast twyeais but had not been confined to herbed until six weeks ago."Mrs. Matheny was born in Jeff erscrcounty Kentucky, September l.flsSand would soon have been 74 years ofage. She was educated in ScienceHill college at Shelbyville, Ky., Sinceher girlhood she ha3 been a consistentmember of the Christian church. Shewas a woman of rare ability and! hernoble character combined with abeauty and grace of manner, won forher a large circle ot friends."The remains will betaken to Louisville, starting tomorrow morning,where the funeral will be held andwhere interment will be made."Mrs. Matheny has often visitedfriends ,'and relatives in Paris. Shewas the mother of Mrs. Avonia Eads,of this city.Miscreants Fire Into Residence,,Micsreants, firing at random on thepublic highway, shot though a windowinto the residence of Mr. Sam Plummer. residing on the farm of Mr. B. B.Masrh on the Peacock pike, earlv Sunday morning, and the bullet took,effect in the left leg of his little four-year-olddaughter. Adaline Plummer,who was sleeping in the room with herparents.jlr. and Mrs. Plummer occupied aroom in the.front p?rt ofthe residenceand about 1 :30 o'clock Sunday morning the little girl awoke her parentswith her crie3, nd s pprently in terrible agony. Upon investigation shewas found to be bleeding profuselyfrom a.wound in the fleshy part of herleft leg. A hole in the window glassshowed where the bullet had enteredthe room.After a hurried examination the childwas brought to Pans by its father andtaken to the'ofhee of Dr. William Kenney, who extracted a bullet evidentlyfired from a thity-eight caliber revolver. The occupants of the house did nothear a shot ; h'red in the road, fromwhich the house is about two hundredfeet, but it is pesumed that jorae onepassing discharged a revolver in thedirection of the residence of Mr. andMrs. Plummer. There is no clue tothe perpetratorsof the outrage.M ounted Carrier Installed.Yesterdayrmorning the mounted carrier service was installed to distributemail to the residents of those sectionsof the city. heretofore out of the limited bounds of the regular cameers.The new streets in the old faicgrounds addition, together with Bourbon Heights, White Addition andother sections are included in the newroute. The new system will prove agreat convenience to those residing inthe outlaying districts who have beencompelled to receive their mailthrough the general delivery.Mr. Earl Swearingen, who since theestablishment of the city deliveryabout eight years ago.khas been carrieron Route 1, will deliver the mail onthe new route, and in a short time.willbe provided with a complete outfit forthe work.The patrons along the new routehowever, must, comply with the instructions of the department to theeffect that each residence must beprovided with a mail box, or the realdents failing to do so will be deniedservice.Proposes Organization oi CountyFairs.The organization of a county fa.rassociation for the protection of therules of the county fairs of the Stateis proposed by President Jos. M. Wall,oftheBourbon CountygAgricultural.Scciety and if elected to'succeed rhimssliin his present position a the meetinsof the directors which will be heL.some time in January, he will make aneffort to get the presidents of the various county fairsjthroughout State together, with a view of perfecting suchan organization.It is the olanf Mr. Hall to form anorganization along. the lines of that inwhich the.State fairs throughout thecountry are interested, which is calculated to provide greater protection toboth the fair societies and the judgesselected to'officiate at the annual fairs.The action of the Directors of tieBourbon County Agricultural Societyin barring Mr. Allie Jones, of NorthMiddletown. from exhibiting at theBourbon fair suggested the idea toMr. Hall who believes the rules of allthe fair associations should ibe rigidlyenforced and judges.m all cases upheldin thpir decisions.A State organization of the countyfairs governed by the necessary ruleswhich in event of the expulsion of anexhibitor from one fair would be enforced at all of those held in the Statemembers ot the society and wouldhave the effect of eliciting greaterconsideration for judges and officials incharge.The proposition which if submittedto the county presidents should meetwith their hearty approval and theorganzaton of such a "society be accomplished before the opening of the fairseason next year.THE.' BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KENTUCKY SEPTEMBER'! 7; 1912HE BOURBON NEWS.tjALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGInsure your tobacco withMcClure & Clendenin. E.T. Phone 235. Home Phone72.Board Wanted.Young man and wife would likeroom and board or two furnished roomsfor house keeing with private family.Permanent. Cumberland Phone 500.Jewish Holiday.Saturday September 21, being aJewish Holiday,Price & Co. Clothiers,-will be elosed all day and open thatevening at 6 p. m,, and would bepleased to have customers and friendscome during this week or Saturdaynight. 1-tKill the Flies.Plies are at their worst now. Get"Cow Ease" atBUTLER'S,17-2t Opp.' Court House.Buys Harrison Farm.Optain Everett Peterson, of Paris,con uctor on the Louisville & Nashvil railroad has purchased a farm ofsi T acres in Harrison county fromM Felix Ashbrook. Mr. Petersonbe ght this property as an investmentai I will get possession in about amonth.CHOICE SEED.We arc headquarters forchoice Seed Wheat, Seed Ryeand Timothy Seed.13-6t C. S. BRENT & BRO.New Theatre Nearing CompletionWork on the new motion picturetheatre in the Odd Fellows buildingat the corner of Fifth and Mainstreets is progressing rapidly and it isthe hope of the piopiietors to havethe interior completed that it may bethrown open to the public by Saturday. Officers Elected.At the annual convention of ParisChapter No. 15 Royal Arch MasonsFriday night the following officers-vvere elected for the ensueing year:J. Sam Martin, High Priest; T. M.Funk, King; Houston Rion, Scribe;A. F. Frendberg, Captain of Host; A.H. Keller, P. S., Chas. Stephens,Treasurer; J. H. Ewalt, Secretary.TOBACCO STICKSWe have them.TEMPLIN LUMBER CO.Evangelist Will Conduct ServicesMrs. Harry Hughes, an evangelist ofconiderable note, assisted by herdaughter. Miss Eleanor Hughes, wholias been preaching since ten years ofage, will conduct religious services onthe street each evening this week.The services will be held on Mainstreet in front of the old Baptistchurch.PERSONAL MENTION.Mrs. Amos TurnevBaltimore, Md.is visiting ininWedding Presonts.From a 25 cent hand-painted plateto cutjglass of the newest and richestdesign, atBUTLERS'.17-4t Onp. Court House.Paris Defeats Wiedemann's.The Paris'BluerGrass League teamdefeated the.Wiedemanns at NewportPark Sunday afternoon, by a score of3 to 1. Black, who hurled for Pariswaslat his best and let his opkponentsdown with four hits, no two of whichcame in one inning. rThose who composed the Paris team rwere : Kuhlmna3b Chapman lb ; Goodman rf; Curtis3b; Williams ; Stanford cf ; Darcy If;Connolly c; Black p. The Parisianstouched the opposing pitcher for tenclean hits.Special Prices on Rugs.We offer the following special priceson rugs this week:Special 9x12 Axminister rugs, only$16.50.Special 9 by 12 Brussell rugs, only$12.75.These are certainly bargains.spt 17-tf A. F. WHEELER & CO.Delegate to Waterway ConventionMayor J. T. Hinton has been appointed by Governor James B. McCreary a delegate from Kentncky tothe Lakes and Gulf Deep WaterwaysConvention to be held at Little Rock,Ark., September 24 and 25.This is quite an honor which hasbeen tendered our popular mayor andhe should feel highly complimented.A number of prominent men throughout the State aspired for the appointment which was conferred upon Mayor Hinton without his solicitation.Announcement.We wish to announce ourt Fall Display of well selected Millinery willtake place on September 25 and 26.Something to please all tastes and allpocket-books. m mtd . MRS. CORNS WATSON BAIRD.Mrs. Baird's Millinery Parlors.Miss Caldwell and her corps of assistants are busily engaged preparing forour Fall disnaly of millinery. The parlors will be "open to the ladies on September 25 and 26, for their inspectionof the latest creations in beautiful hatsof every description. The beautifulplush and fur effects are to be muchin evidence'tnis season and our stockwill be complete in this line. Don'tfail to come in and consult with MissCaldwell in regard to your Fall hat.She can EUggest many things that will,,Tfa'-v assist you in your selection.MRS. CORNE WATSON BAIRD.Mr. Amos Turney was a visitor toMt. Sterling yesterday.-Mr. and Mrs. Harry Simon havereturned from Cincinnati.Miss Melissa Nelson is visiting relatives in Cincinnati and Batavia, Ohio.Mr. William Kerns, of Sharpsburg, visited;relatives here last week.Mrs. J. 0. Elgin is visiting herniece, Mrs. H. T. Hopkins, at Sharpsburg. Mrs. Millie Rion is still ill at thehome of Airs. W. S. Ray. on Higginsavenue.MissLou Kniffin Howard is "isitlng Mrs. W. L. Dawson, in Campbellsvi lie, Ky.Mrs. A. N. Benny, of Richmond, isme guest or Mrs. A. J. Wintersthis city.Mr. Robert Frank has returnedfrom French Lick, Ind., after a twoweeks' stay.Mrs. Harry Saloshin is visitingher parents, Mr. and Mrs. L. Straus,in Cincinnati.Mrs. Maria Lvons has returned toher home after a two weeksjstay atSwango Springs.Miss Calvin Offutt. of Jackson,Miss., is a guest at the home of heruncle, MrvJ. S. Wilson.Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Ashurst,and little son left for Iron LitbiaSprings, Va. for a two weeks stay.Rev. Father Eugene DeBruyn hasreturned from Berlin where he hasbeen since last May spending his vacation. Misses'Bessie and Florence Wilsonwill entertain at. Five Hundred thisafternoo at their home on Houston avenue. Miss Betsy Ray has returned fromToronto. Canada, accompanied by MissBeatrice Johnson ,who will make her avisit.Miss Elizabeth Whitridge has returned to her home in Baltimore, Md.,after a visit to her cousin. Miss Carolyu Roseberry.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Mclntyre anddaughter of Grand Junction, Col., arespending the week with Mr. and Mrs.J. H. McGlnnis.Messrs. Rudolph Davis, DavisHutchcraft and Eldridge Snapp haverturned from Louisville where theyattended the State Fair.Mrs. J. D. Bruer and daughttr,Miss'Louie Bruer, whohave been theguests of Mrs. George Elii3, in thiscity, have returned to Kansas City.Messrs. Clarence Thomas, GeorgeS. Varden, John Yerkes and OwenDavis returned yesterdav after a tripto Detroit, Niagara and Buffalo, macem Mr. Thomas' automobile.An automobile party composed ofMrs. James Montgomery and daughter,Miss Maragret. of Oakland. Cali.,Mrs. Rebea Rudisill, Mrs. ClareneAshurst and son, Freeman Ashurst,and Miss Stella Ashurst, enjoyed a tripto Versailles and Frankfort, Friday.Mrs. Montgomery will leave in a fewdays for their Western home.Sister Mary Ambrosia, aged 74years is dangerously ill at St. Mary'sHospital in J acksonville, Fla. , a telegram to that effect being receivedyesterday by her brother, Mr. JohnMullaney, of this city, yesterday.Sister Mary formerly resided hereleaving Paris about twenty years ago.For the yast two years she has beenin declining health and has been aninmate of the institution for thatlength of time.Mrs. W. T. Talbott entertained themembers of her six-hand euchre clubTusrday afternoon at her home onMain street. The chief interest whichcentered in thisoccasion was the factthat it marked the twenty-fifth anniversary of the organization of theclub, although only two of the presentmembers were members at that timeMrs. W. T. Talbott and Mrs. W. L.Yerkes. The number has always beenlimited to twelve and the rule to giveno prizes has never been broken. Theanniversary party was beautiful in allthe details, the colors, yellow andwhite, were carried out in the flowerdceorations and in the ices, cakes andalraonds, which were served. Thosepresent were Mesdames W. T. Talbott,W. L. Yeakes, Charlton Alexander,Warren Rogers, Thompson Tarr, HughMontgomery, Jesse Turney, CordieParker, Laura Wiggins, J. W. Bacon,Misses Elizabeth Fisher and MaymeSpears.Mrs. Withers Davis was hostess toa lovely card partv Thursday afternoon at her attractive home on Pleasant street, which was tastefully decorated for the occasion in bright autumn flowers. Little Anna JuettDavis, the interesting young daughterof tha household, came in tor a largeshare of attention. After a number ofgames of auction bridge had been enjoyed, luncheon of fruit salad, sandwiches, iced tea, lemon ice and saltedalmonds were served.Those present were : Mesdames Virgil Gaitskill, WilhamB. Ardery, JohnDavis. John Hisle, ofWinchester, CarlWilmoth, Amos Turney, Lewis Taylor,White Varden, Elliott Ford, WithersDavis, Misses Elizabeth Steele, Carolyn Roseberry, Rachael Wiggins,Allene Power, Helen Hutchcraft andNancy Griffith. The prize, a beautifulboudoir cap, was given to Miss RachelWiggins.A large number of students fromthis city have entered colleges andother educational institutions for theschool vear. Among those are: MissHelen Hutchcraft, Wellesley, Boston;Miss Elizabeth Hinton, Christian College, Columbia, Mo; Misses Francesand Mary Mitchell Clay, Ward Seminary, Nashville; Miss Anna Embry,Sayre College, Lexington ; Misses Helen lesna, r reiaa anu jcjisien eiier anaLaura Steele, State University; Katherine Marsh, Margaret College, Versailles; Misses Margaret Ferguson andMarion Alexander. Bartholmew, Cincinnati; Miss Alice Rogers Clay,Sweet Briar, Va ; Miss Louise Steele,Hamilton College, Lexington; MissAnna Wilson, Hollins. Va. Messrs.John and Douglas Clay, Will EstillRogers Moore and Miller Ward,Threlkeld Institute, Nicholasville ;John Price, Central College, Danville;Lawrence Price, Millersburg; ClayWard, K. M, I. Lyndon:Miss Edna Keller has matriculated at the private school of Prof. E.M. Costello.Miss Belle Horton will give aluncheon bridge on Wednesday inhonor of Miss Colvin Uffutt tromJackson, Miss., and Miss JeanetteBrooks, of Jeffersonville, Ind."Mrs. Nathan Bayles?, Sr., entertained the ladies of Duncan AvenueFriday evening with an "Alamoparty." Alter enjoying several inteiv.esting pictures at this beautiful littletheatre they spent a social hour atMitchell's, where they were servedribbon cream, individual cakes andmarshmallow mints. The informalityof the occasion was'charming.Insure your Tobacco withTHOMAS & WOODFORD.LOST.Between Dan Peed's livery stableand Rus Corbin's barber shoponMainstreet, a Boston bag, black, containing physicians instruments. Returnto News office and receive reward. IFOR SALE.A fine English bull dog. Call andsee hin at1-t SAUER'S GROCERY.FOR SALE.My residence on Pleasant street.This is a well built convenient house.Water aiid gas in house, good cisternwith pump in kitchen. No better location, tf MISS ANNIE M. WRIGHT.NOTICE.All persons having claims againstthe estate of C. R. Harris, deceased,are hereby notified to present samenronerly proven according to law tome at North Middletown, Ky., on orbefore October 15, 1912.MRS. NETTIE MAY HARRIS,13 6t Adimnistrator.FOR SALE.Buff Orpineton hens for sale.MRS. J. H. EWALT,13 2t K T. Phone 617,THE FAIR!For Friday Only,12 sheets writing paper, 12 envelopes, red, white and blue pencil, 0 assorted pens and pen holder, per package 5c.Buggy Whips, regular 25cwhip only 15c. Best 50c whipon the market, all loaded bottomsall styles, special each 25c.1-2 gallon pitchers, white lined,each 10c.Fruit and Ice Cream Saucers,3 for 5c.Gray Steel Dish Pans, 21 qt.size, each 38c.Number 1 and 2 Lamp Wick, 2yds. for 5c.Shaving Mirrors, good size,each 10c.Jergens Violet Glycerine Soap,a cake, 5c.Large box White Shoe Dressing, per box 10c.Nickel plated Lamps, all complete, each 98c.Japanese Cups and Saucers, aset of 6, only 59c.Milk Pails, heavy quality, 25c.' Pure Fresh Candies, absolutelypure, at the popular price of 10cper pound.THE FAIR.r,maA TRUSTDEPARTMENT?ofasRealizing the advantageshaving a corporation to actAdministrator of Estates, alsoin management of property asGuardian or Trustee,The Bourbon Bank andTrust Co.with a Capital Stock of $100,000and Earned Surplus of $50,000,organized in 1887, having had inthat time the experience necessary in conducting a Trust Company, Therefore,Bourbon Bank 4 Trust Co.,Paris, Ky.has a Trust Department andSolicits Your Business.INOTICE.The members of the BourbonCounty Democratic Committee are notified to meet at the court house inParisKy., at 3 o'clock p."m., standardtime on Saturday, September 21, 1912.Business of importanceC. C. CLARE,Chairman Bourbon County Democratic Committtee.September 12, 1912.IFOR SALE.As attorney for estate of SallieLewis, deceased. I offer at private salefor her heirs at law a vacant lot fronting 50 feet on Paris and RuddlesjMillspike and extending back a distance of186 feet, .in Ruddles Mills, this county.P. A. THOMPSON. Attorney.No. 4 Elks' Building,13 3t E. T.P hone 83.WhileSummer'HereKodakNew Fall Goods,Having just returned from atour of the Eastern Markets weare in a position to show youthe very newest in Silks, DressGoods, Dress Trimmings, Laces,Lace Curtains, Neckwear andNovelties of every description.Come and help us make this aBanner Year. Your PatronageAppreciated.W. ED. TUCKER.rPEE'S CASH'"SPECIALSKODAKS $5 up,CAMERAS,(Almost Kodaks)$1.00 to $12.00.Daugpps10 lbs. GranulatedrSugar $ 1 .OO8 boxes Searchlight Matches, (3 boxes 10c) 25c8 bars Lenox Soap r" 25cEoyal Baking Powder, 25c size, this week only . .20cStone's Silver'Slice andTJountry ClubCakes.. 1 0-1 5c251b. sack Eldean Flour SOc12 lb. sack'Eldean Flour .' .' 45cParowax, for sealing 1 5cMason qt. Jars 60cMason pt. Jars 45cChase & Sanbonrs "Orange Pekoe" Tea, a can..20cBonita Tea, 1-2 lb. tins 35cFee's Grocery Co.nwlMMi!aMaiA Dining Eoom..,...- Special.. f-yrSix Oak Dining Room Chairs,Genuine Leather SeatOne American Quartered DiningTable, 6 ft. Long When ExtendedOne American Quartered ChinaCabinet, Large and RoomyOne American Quartered Buffet5 ft. Wide Large Mirrorf-vSee Window For These PiecesJ. T. HINTON.-XI p JJ .ra.':i."T"-VI'-rfIIite.'<!DOCTYPE html><!--[if lt IE 7]> <html class="no-js ie6 oldie" lang="en-US"> <![endif]--><!--[if IE 7]>    <html class="no-js ie7 oldie" lang="en-US"> <![endif]--><!--[if IE 8]>    <html class="no-js ie8 oldie" lang="en-US"> <![endif]--><!--[if gt IE 8]><!--> <html class="no-js" lang="en-US"> <!--<![endif]--><head><meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0"><title>chroniclingamerica.loc.gov | 502: Bad gateway</title><meta charset="UTF-8" /><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" /><meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=Edge,chrome=1" /><meta name="robots" content="noindex, nofollow" /><meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1" /><link rel="stylesheet" id="cf_styles-css" href="/cdn-cgi/styles/cf.errors.css" type="text/css" media="screen,projection" /><!--[if lt IE 9]><link rel="stylesheet" id='cf_styles-ie-css' href="/cdn-cgi/styles/cf.errors.ie.css" type="text/css" media="screen,projection" /><![endif]--><style type="text/css">body{margin:0;padding:0}</style></head><body><div id="cf-wrapper">        <div id="cf-error-details" class="cf-error-details-wrapper">        <div class="cf-wrapper cf-error-overview">            <h1>                            <span class="cf-error-type">Error</span>              <span class="cf-error-code">502</span>              <small class="heading-ray-id">Ray ID: 5bc2b3303aafd675 &bull; 2020-08-01 21:37:22 UTC</small>            </h1>            <h2 class="cf-subheadline">Bad gateway</h2>        </div><!-- /.error-overview -->                <div class="cf-section cf-highlight cf-status-display">            <div class="cf-wrapper">                <div class="cf-columns cols-3">                  <div id="cf-browser-status" class="cf-column cf-status-item cf-browser-status ">  <div class="cf-icon-error-container">    <i class="cf-icon cf-icon-browser"></i>    <i class="cf-icon-status cf-icon-ok"></i>  </div>  <span class="cf-status-desc">You</span>  <h3 class="cf-status-name">Browser</h3>  <span class="cf-status-label">Working</span></div><div id="cf-cloudflare-status" class="cf-column cf-status-item cf-cloudflare-status ">  <div class="cf-icon-error-container">    <i class="cf-icon cf-icon-cloud"></i>    <i class="cf-icon-status cf-icon-ok"></i>  </div>  <span class="cf-status-desc">Madrid</span>  <h3 class="cf-status-name">Cloudflare</h3>  <span class="cf-status-label">Working</span></div><div id="cf-host-status" class="cf-column cf-status-item cf-host-status cf-error-source">  <div class="cf-icon-error-container">    <i class="cf-icon cf-icon-server"></i>    <i class="cf-icon-status cf-icon-error"></i>  </div>  <span class="cf-status-desc">chroniclingamerica.loc.gov</span>  <h3 class="cf-status-name">Host</h3>  <span class="cf-status-label">Error</span></div>                </div>                          </div>        </div><!-- /.status-display -->        <div class="cf-section cf-wrapper">            <div class="cf-columns two">                <div class="cf-column">                    <h2>What happened?</h2>                    <p>The web server reported a bad gateway error.</p>                </div>                              <div class="cf-column">                    <h2>What can I do?</h2>                    <p>Please try again in a few minutes.</p>                </div>            </div>                      </div><!-- /.section -->        <div class="cf-error-footer cf-wrapper">  <p>    <span class="cf-footer-item">Cloudflare Ray ID: <strong>5bc2b3303aafd675</strong></span>    <span class="cf-footer-separator">&bull;</span>    <span class="cf-footer-item"><span>Your IP</span>: 185.93.47.139</span>    <span class="cf-footer-separator">&bull;</span>    <span class="cf-footer-item"><span>Performance &amp; security by</span> <a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/5xx-error-landing?utm_source=error_footer" id="brand_link" target="_blank">Cloudflare</a></span>      </p></div><!-- /.error-footer -->    </div><!-- /#cf-error-details --></div><!-- /#cf-wrapper --></body></html>WZtZtb . - rijfSvdlSMMIriMPfl'I'H ' 'H'-".w yTHE , BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1912tirr b mn rvTA . . .V1 -"-.sr5PL71nCurtis Benry & Co.,Groceries, Drygoods, Fresh and CuredMeats, Vegetables, Fruits, Etc.iIf it comes from Henry's it's all right,because they handle the best and freshestthe markets afford. Their store is clean, freefrom flies, and evrything is handled in a"sanitary way. When you deal with them youget polite attention and prompt delivery, noextra charge for either.-Call either 'phone 442, and they, will beglad to serve you.CURTIS HENRY CO.LCor. 1 4th and Main II SPECIAL EXCURSION II CINCINNATI AND RETURNI Sunday, sept. 22. SfCTErETBrfcWlM "7-viK oi 3SPECIAL TRAIN"7.vK oi"Mh "W at'WBM B aar V W B V m I"TV &AS E 0 8 BASK TICKET AGENTS FOR PARTICULARS.nnriiixr bros,Department Store Cor. 7th and MainVl If l 'SrUfl &T NTTIr,vSPECIAL 'Price This ,WeekExtra FineROYAL CORSETAll SizesAll LengthGWwoj' jjQtf-RUSTABLfcCall in andExamine Them.PARIS,KENTUCKY.?ar lZZ'&r'- -r.i-v .;T-r.rxrsf"vWhen a New PerfectionComes in at the DoorHeat and Dirt Fly Outat the, Window.What would it mean to you to haveheat and dirt banished from your kitchenthis summer to be free from the blazingrange, free from ashes and soot? 'mew Perfection:1 1 I 1 111 I TTOil Cook-stovewr-.t .l m . ,Dt-n6rn fwi. ik. New PerfectionStove is the t complete cookira device on the markett. . I. -J U.nJ tnn Inrtvafhuvr and lTOOiDC.Kf J- vuTtTt 1 ") mrA 3 f-ittm.crs, vrith Ions, enameled, turquoise-bluechimneys. Handsomely finished throughout.The 2- and 3-bumer stovescan be had with or without acabinet lop.whichis fitted withdrop theives, towel racks, etcAH dealer carry the NewPerfectioa Stove. Free CookBoo k with every stove. CookBook also given to anyoneending 5 cents to cover saail-It UiustMKk and handy, too, for washing and xromiig. L-STANDARD OIL COMPANYThis Stove ,saves Time 1It saves LaborTf saves Fuel lIt saves YOUVIRGINIA, MESSALINE, ANDPANNIER OF ROSEBUDS1 ' "' 1---. . :,.v..- BT. SSV"..' " i'v'Emm JiMl vBi jsr-J.SLjvjkJ C (f V .Hl I Tf.-(i,J'I " yy ."Pink messaline with pannier ofrose point and a wee cluster of rosebuds on the ruffle and fichu. In-ex-press-ib-lysweet!" Kitty was an exclamation point of admiration.Virginia regarded her younger sister with the expression of a yearningmissionary. "Kitty, I wish you'd devote less thought to mere externals,"she said.Undisturbed, Kitty surveyed her sister, immaculate in unruffled, unrumpled, tailored linen. "Of course, Virginia, you're a distinguished settlement angel and all that, but if youdon't think more about clothes you'llgradually drop off even the semi-femininetouches and emerge as Dr. Mary"Walker," she declared, severely."And sis is really a good looker,"put in Tom.Virginia, patient disapproval personified, absent-mindedly 'salted herbreakfast food instead of her egg. "Awoman with a sense of her responsibilities," she murmured, "realizes thatlife is too short to waste on such atrivial consideration. Uplifting humanity" Tom said "Excuse me!" and fled."Or the pursuit of some equally serious and worthy purpose should occupy her time and thoughts to the exclusion of frivolous, light-headed "Kitty rose. "Sorry, Jinny. I'd loveto listen. Makes me feel like a littledemon, but I'm going to don my ravishing pink batiste and loll over toDorthy's. Her cousin, fresh from Harvard, arrived yesterday, and I thinkI'll wake up Bob to the treasure he'swon if I chain the welcome strangerto my chariot wheels, first chance."Virginia was truly shocked. "Kitty! Have you so far forgotten themodesty becoming a young womannewly engaged as to race off in actualpursuit of another young man!"Kitty flushed, bit a sharp retort intwo and came over to rub her handlovingly over Virginia's glossy curls,brushed into unwilling smoothness. "Ican't do Dot's cousin a bit of harm,"she said meekly, "because he isn't engaged. I wish you'd get through saving humanity, Jinny, so you couldhave a good time with me. I've justsix more months at home now."Virginia slipped an arm around hersister. "I only hope I can lead youto a true appreciation of woman's lifeand work during those six months,Kitty. Why not begin by coming tothe club with me this morning? Ihave a paper, 'The Influence of Woman in Civic Life.' "Kitty was squinting critically. "Iwish I could persuade you to cut offthose ugly high collars in this hotweather. You've the prettiest throatof anyone I know, and you bury itunder all that chuffy linen. Collarlessf blouses are so fashionable, too."Whizzing along in the Maynard'stouring car that afternoon, Kitty andDot's cousin from Harvard were discussing brunettes versus blondes."By Jove!" he said enthusiastically,"I saw a splendid brunette on yourstreet this morning. Raving beauty,Italian eyes. Serious as a saint. Tall.Stately. I'm sure she never giggled,in her life."Kitty wriggled excitedly. "Awfullyplain clothes?"He stammered. "Um-er. Rather reminded me of a nurse's costume. Dot'spromised me an introduction, butthat's as much as I can get out ofher. Do you know her?"Kitty laughed appreciatively. "She'smy sister and a practical humanitarian." '"You don't say!" His face fell."What'll I have to go in for to impress her? She thinks I'm frightfullyrude. I forgot my manners completely and stared at her.""Dot's going to bring you to dinnerI tomorrow night," said Kitty, soothingly. "You'd better read up on socialsettlements."The next afternoon Kitty was applying powder over cold cream in anticipation of a round of tennis when Virginia appeared at her door, a blouse inone hand, a long pink ribbon and ascrap of lace in the other. Her eyeswere perplexed and her faoe wasflushed."Kitty, you know so much, aboutfashion, will you advise me? Do youthink some lace at the throat wouldadd a pleasing feminine touch, to thisblouse? And is this pink too brightfor a belt?"In spite of the shock Kitty contrived a coherent commonplace. "Verybecoming, Jinny. Shall I tie the ribbon for you?"Virginia handed it to , her with agrateful look. "I wish to be a creditto the club this afternoon because I'vebeen delegated to explain our settlement system to your friend Dorthy'scousin, Mx. Rogers. His aunt introduced him this morning after the kindergarten class. She told me in confidence that he has shown remarkableinterest in settlement work."Kitty choked and coughed hurriedly."Look at yourself in the glass, sis,"she said.Virginia gasped.- "You've improvedme wonderfully, Kitty. Perhaps Iought to pay more attention toclothes." Chicago Daily News.His Best Friend.Many great writers besides Ciceroand Emerson have written on friendship, but it may be doubted whetherany essayist had a more definite ideathan a small boy who was recentlyasked what he meant by "best friend.""My best 'friend, he replied, "is aperson who knows me and et likesme." Collier's.NOTICE.I have just secured a new barberfrom Chicago and am prepared to givethe public first class service. Give mea call. Shop is equipped with electricfans to keep you cool. Three firstclass barbers. My bath tubs are alwavs"ready. aug2tf BUCK FREEMAN.KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."Hourly High Speed ThroughService.Paris Lexington FrankfortDivision.Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort eery hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m..and at 10 p. m., the last car going onlyas far as VersaillesCars leave Lexington for Versailles,Frankfort and Paris, every hour from6 a. m. until 7 p. m, and at 9 andll d.m., the last car going only as far asVersailles.Cars leave Versailles Jfor Lexingtonand Paris every 15 minutes after thehour from 6:15 a. m. until 8:15 p. m.and at 11 :15 p. m.. last car going onlyas far as Lexngton.Cars leave Versailles for Frankforteverv 45 minutes after the hour from6 :45 a. m. until 7 :45 p. m., and at 9 :45p. m.Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington arid Paris every thirty minutes after the hour from 6 :30 a. m.until 7:30 p. m., and 10:30 p . m.. thelast car going only as far as Lexington. GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTON-NICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexington and Nicholasville every forty-fiveminutes after the honr from 5 :45 a. m.until 6:45 p. m., and at 8:05 and 10:05p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville every thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 p. m.,and at 9 and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville tor Lexington every fifteen minutes'after the hourfrom 6:15 a. m. until 8:15 n.m. and a10:15p.?m.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetown every hour on the hour from 6a. m. until 7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p.m.No 6 a. m. cars on Sunday .17-tfES U Arrow and Nitro Club steel lined flBK"" Bl ...LL I J L I IIia bcauenoaa snot sneiisthey're apt toclose, slip in aJZemlngtonrUMCt Scatterloadand make your choke boregun good in brush or thicketArrow and Nitro Club steel linedopen ud vour Dattem so evenlv thatyour bird can neither get too much nor too little,A special system of wadding cives at 25 yds. a spread equalto that of a standard shelTat 40 yds. and with greaterThe -steel lining gives the speed plus perfect pattenuGet a box to-day. Your local dealer has them.Try them on a paper target with your old duck gun.Remington Arms-Union Metallic Cartridge Co.299 Broadway 13 New York CityBilleted Himself on Society."I haven't done any work, and Idon't intend ever to do any more.They have had the hest of my days inprison, and they will have to keep mefor the rest of my life," said a burglarat the London sessions.She Knew.He It is wonderful what fitfSanthings you girls can say to each othr.She Well, you'd say mean things tooif you were a girl and knew all thaother girls were saying mean, thingiabout you.Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Street(Us(is(is(usm(itsw(itsWe Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Lanndrtfamous fo- fine work and itdever goes bnck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.'StfSI?wSEJTT- PBfmft 'il-y-fl ill C AILS' . " S3 in T ..T 17 S Fy Fi J-- k.,& 1 1 cwtcsrisiz&h difMyfSJM:Svl S v- " B&J:U1sZt&&1 - f iIFLANDERSOc&GtoAsrtoisioJD!feo &&E-M-FTS&o Modefei I2 SICrQ.tZ' I :i i - gjiyAdvice."I would like to get some plantsto put in my kitchen to give it anesthetic touch. What "would yourecommend?""From the looks of the kitchen,madam, I would advise some scrubbyplants."Defined."Pa, what's an inscrutable smile?""It's the kind, my son, yourmother had on her face this morning when I told her business mightkeep me out late tonight." v . IapestYou Want the Best. , Not the Coe( (liii ffiHi fe?f mJ&Flanders "20" Roadster, S750Don't be alarmed if somebody tells you you can buy an automobilefor less money than the $750 Studebaker-Flanders "20." You can, butyou better not. The Flanders "20? corresponds point by point with thebest and highest priced cars sold. Cheaper cars at every vital point arebuilt on ideas long ago discarded for good cars. Don't take our word forit. Make comparisons and see.The Studebaker-Flanders "20'- is a marvel a high grade modern carat a low price. If you pay less you buy much less. And the cheaper cartoday will cost you far more in the long run. The competing car isn'tsold which the Studebaker Corporation, the greatest automobile manufacturers in the world, couldn't reproduce fcr less money; but we won'tbuild a cheap car, because the name "Studebaker" means the best foryour money.If you are content with a car that runs today and dies tomorrow,don't buy the $750 Flanders "20." It will wear fcr years. Rememberthis the Studebaker-Flanders "20" will outwear 2 to 1 any other carunder $1100 and give you double satisfaction, confidence and comfortinto the bargain.Vc can pi-cve it 'Send fcr ncv) cataloguefcr0The Studebaker CorporationDetroit- Mich.' J aonrbon Garage & Sapply Company.gjgggjgS5 UEBBE2m882ffi!m&.i ; : 7-X:lWji,tTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1912AvGEO. W. DAVISFUNEKiX DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.mmmmmmmmmmm mmmmmmm wmmmmmte pome of Corec Tootwear'DAN COHEN!THESCHOOLSAREOPEN!Let the children start right witha pair of good, up-to-date servicable Shoes. Our great purchase ofFall stocks assures you of a choiceselection of snappy, upto-the-minute footwear that will stand therough wear at prices ofOne-Third LessTheir Real Values!We have a large assortment ofhigh top and regular cut Shoes inall leathers and in all f popularstyles, whether for school, dress orwork.PallQoodsCrowding Us ForRoom!This week we will clean out allremaining Summer Shoes and Oxfords at sacrifice prices.Specials While They Last.$3.00 and $3.50 Ladies' WhiteShoes and Pumps, now.Ladies' $2.00 White Two-strapPumps, nowMisses' and Children's durable Kid But- AAton Shoes, special - 7 57 wA round-up of all odds and ends of Ladies' M JJ" aOxrords, $2 and $2.50 values, now TV(Sizes 2 1-2 to 4 1-2)Advance Fall SpecialMen's high-gradeFootwear, including all the advance styles this Fall in Tan, Gun QAMetal and Patent, algreat value ..9b77DAN COHEN,I ' 336 Main St., Paris, Ky.$1 .99$1.24Burglars Enter Store. MfeBurglars entered the store of J.Elvove on Main street Saturday night,effecting an entrance through one ofthe windows and carried away a quantity of goods.Carpets and Rugs.Come to the carpet and rug store ifyou want something nice at reasonable prices. Large stock to selectfrom. No shop-worn patterns, all new.x J. T. HINTON.Will Close Saturday.Saturday being a Jewish Holidayour store will be closed on that day.Will be open ready for business Monday morning.2-t HARRY SIMON.BIRTHS.Born, Sunday night, to the wifeof Mr. C. P.Cook, a son.Ansco Films.Ansco films can be used in any filmcamera.VARDEN & SON.TOBACCO INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againstfire and wind.JOE MITCHELL.New Fall Hoods.Large consignmsnts of carpets, rugsand furniture of every description arearriving daily at our store. See us before you buy and let us save youmoney. J. T. HINTON.MILLERSBURG ITEMS.Mr. Wilmott Ferguson and little sonof Atalnta, Ga., who are visiting relatives at Pans, were the guests ofMrs.T. A. Vimont Thursday.Mr. and Mrs. Garrett Jefferson leftMonday for their home in Ohio, aftera two weeks' visit to their mother,Mrs. Anna Jefferson.Mesdames James McNamara andHenry Bowling were guests last weekof Mrs. B. b Goodman, of Paris,daughterof the former.Mr. Ora Long left Monday for NewYork and from there to Massachusetts,where he will assume his duties inMassachusetts University.The drug store of Hoffman & ''Lynchwas closed yesterday morning. Alack'of patronage caused the proprietors to discontinue the business.Mrs. Chas. Moore, of Falmouth,who has been the guest of her cousin,Miss Florence Vimont, has gone toMaysville to visit Mrs. W. A. Munzing. Mesdames Bettie Dorsey, oflFJonda,Sterling Price and J. H. Thompson, ofEwing, and Miss Mary Hanley, of Mr.Sterling, were guests of Mrs. .E. C.Hawkins Thursday.Rev. J. D. Redd, of Lexington,Dreached two logical sermons at theMethodist Church Sunday to large audiences and created quite a favorableimpression. 'Mr. Chas. Inkso, of Millersburg,was painfully injured when he fellfrom the roof of the house of Mr. H.C. Galbraith, in Carlisle, upon whichhe was working. His injuries, thoughpainful, are not serious.The Millersburg Female Collegeand the Millersburg Military Instituteopened with a full attendance. Theboarding departments of both institutions are almost full and only a fewmore can be accommodated.The Maysville Ledger says: "MissElizabeth Peed, daughter of Mrs.Anna Peed, of Fourth street, and 'MissRuth Norris, daughter oi Mr. and Mrs.Henry Norris, of Fernleaf, have entered Millersburg Female College."The formal opening of the Millersburg Female College, will take placeWednesday morning at 9 .o'leock. Theexercises will be held in the collegechapel and all friends and 'patrons ofthe institution are cordially invited.Addresses will be made by ;the ministers ofAthe town and others.Mr. and Mrs. J. Clark Leer entertained quite a number of young folksat six-o'clock dinner Friday evening.The dinner was beautifully served inseveral courses, after which Mr. andMrs. Leer gave their friends quite ahappy surprise in 'announcing the engagement of Miss Ethel Victor Johnson and Mr. Ale Miller, the weddingto take place in the late Autumn. Thedining room was decorated in heartsand cupids, the color scheme being redand white. The table was mostunique in its'decoration. In the centerstood a beautiful doll dressed as abride, over which hung the white wedding beirwithropes of tulle'caught atthe four corners by the doll bridesmaids. On each end of the table werecut glassjvases filled.with brides roses.After the last course was served Mrs.Leer announced there would be a raffleand tiny envelopes were passed. Theperson holding the lucky numbershould win the prize. Mr. Miller wasthe only one who drew a number winning a prize. The other guests founddainty cards with the announcement ofMiss Johnson and Mr. Miher's engagemerit. Late cards were passed onwhich were written an automobile romance, the guests being asked to fill inblank spaces, making the romancecomplete. To the couple who did thiscorrectly a prize was given. Dancingwas indulged in during the evening.Announcement.We wish to announce our Fall Display of well selected Millinery willtake place on September 25 and 26.Something to please all tastes and allpocket-books,td MRS. CO RNE WATSON BAIRD.NOTICE.City taxes for the year1912 are now in my handsfor collection at my office atthe Deposit Bank.C. K. THOMAS,26-tf . City Collector.LITTLE ROCK ITEMS.Mrs. Edsell Clark has returned froma visit to her sister at Harrodsburg.Dr.'P.L McClure has returned fromMartinsville, and other health resortsimprovedin health.Mr. William Carter, about 17 Jvearsof age, son 'of Mr. James Carter, isill with typhoid fever.Mr. and Mrs. ,Hurberl Lowry, ofMontgomery county, are guests of Mr.and Mrs. Jesse Booth.Mr. and Mrs. W. T. Bryan, who havebeen occupying the Methodist parsonage, will move tofPlum.Little Hazel Talbott Bryan, the babydaughter of Mr. and Mrs. WilliamBrvan, is improving from a severe illnesss.Rev. Humphrey was returned to theMethodist Church at this place Dy theConference and.will move into the parsonage. Mrs. W. L. Reccius and two sons,Eugene and.Hefiin, returned to Louisville, Thursday, accompanied by MissRuth Soper.Farmers in this section are busilyengaged in cutting and housing theirtobacco, some having finished. Rainis needed badly.The graded school has opened theFall term with eighty-eight pupilsand others expected. A dormitory hasbeen opened in connnection with theschool, which is considered quite an advance movement for Little Rock.Mrs. Evans, recently of Mt. Sterling,will have charge of this department,which is designed especially for theteachers, all of whom, six in number,will board there besides four students.It is a very convenient arrangement.New Cashier Elected.At a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Bourbon Bank the resignation of Mr. Silas Bedford, who has accepted the cashiership of the Peoples'Bank, was accepted. Mr. Bedford hasbeen cashier ot the Bourbon Bank fora number of years. Mr. BucknerWoodford, Jr., was elected cashier tofill the vacancy made by the resignation of Mr. Bedford.Campaign Press Agent.It is practically certain that Col. W.P . Walton, of Lexington, for several,vears owner and editor of the old Lexington Democrat, later owner and editor of the Frankfort gState Journaland one of the oldest and most widelyknown'journalists in Kentuckv, willbe press agent for the DemocraticState CampaignJCommittee, under thedirection of the publicity bureaunamed'm Louisville last week. Thethree members of the bureau are allpersonaland political friends of Col.Walton, and it was stated that he hasbeen practically assured of the appointment. If he accepts'.he will haveheadquarters in Louisville. HS&kPUBLIC SALEOF-Household and KitchenFurniture.Having decided to locate in thejWestIJwill offer an public auction at mypalceon 1 agaWednesday, Sept. 25, 1912,the following : iF1 Oak Bedroom Suite. 12 Handsome Folding Beds.1 Davenport, new, Ji "!1 Dining Room Set, including table,chairs and sideboard,Chiffonier, Writiner Desk. SewingMachine. Tables, Book Case, HallChairs, Rockers and Porch Furniture,1 lare range. grCooking Utensils, Milk"gCans.Pansand Crocks, ' -3fl!WS1 Moore's Airtight Heater, 1 Gasoline Stove, n1 Washing Machine,1 large Iron Kettle,1 large Refrigerator,1 Automobile,1 Buggy and Harness,1 No. 1 Milk Cow, ""Plows, gears and many other articlestoo numerous to mention. - ZZTERMS Made known on ;davTofsale. Sale positive, beginning atj10o'clock. ttascHENRY S. CLAY, .WfiH Paris, Ky.Col. Geo. D. Speakes.JAuct.Lexington Military Bandand Orchestra. -112 West Maint.LEXINGTON, KY.Music For All OccasionsTELEPHONES? New185 and 638; OJd,Only such music willbe supplied as will bea pleasure to our patrons and a credit tothe organization.Large Number Will Go to Lexington. Local interest in the Democraticratification meeting to be held inLexington Thursday is at its heightand it is expected that upwards ofthree hundred Bourbon Democratswill attend the gathering of Democrats. Those in charge of arranging forthe big crowds of local Democratsexpected to attend, are of the opinionthat Bourbon county will send thelargest delegation that has ever before representing it at a meeting ofthis sort. .The Paris High School Band hasbeen engaged for the occasion, andit will aaccompany the Bourbon Democrats to the Fayette capital. Boththe traction company and the L. andN. railroad have granted a spe ialrate for the day.New Barber Shop.I have opened a'barber shop in theNew Windsor Hotel stand and will beglad to have all my old friends nd patrons call on me. Everything sanitary, fresh and new. I will appreciate a share of the public trade.JOE "BILLY" SNAPP.Ask Return oi Books.An effort is being made to straightenout the affairs at the public libraryduring the absence of the librarian,Miss Celeste Lucas, and those temporarily in charge of the institution haveissued the request that all those whohave books that are over-due are requested to turn them in at once.Ask for Mandate.Adherents of Whitley City have applied for a writ of mandamus directingtne Boaid of Canvassers of McCrearycounty to certify the result of the recent county seat election as in favorof that place as against Pine Knot.IN MAMMOUTfl CAVE.The Dry Fall Outing to Kentucky's Great SubteraneanWonder, or 200 Miles Under Ground Wed. Oct. 1 6.Arranged for private and selectparties and their visitors. River low,echo grand, cave dry. Th e time tosee Mammoth Cave when at its best.Round trip railroad fare $5. 65 fromParis and all way stations on regulartrain 7:38 a. m. Board at Cave Hotelfrom arrival for supper until afterbreakfast morning third day, also including the two trips through thecave f6r 6.50. Limit on tickets 10days.Write or phone L. & N. Agent.Suitto OrderISviammata.SBiniaialit rsuaS! UNION m -. AaiaataitaiaanaMXUIB5iaamurnaiaBIB1auaSIBIBia W A.8sr& F"&dfcIBIB!DYEmCLEANING. SSPRESSING,IBBIBaiaK3taIBiaIBREPAIRING.Best WorkKi Guaranteed.TheBourbon Horse GoodsGol)IB ;ss ISwaIBwa jjIf Thomas Bros. jViPlWBjBua(BBiBWBBiBalaiSaainiSlincorporated.Manufacturers ofHarness, Horse Boots andLeather Novelties ofAll Kinds,All Orders Promptly Executed And"Work Guaranteed.No. 304 Main StreetRepairing of All Kind DoneWhile You Wait.Opp. Court House.Public Sale!I will, as administrator of Isaac F.Chanslor. deceased, offer for sale onthe premises, one half mile south ofMillersburg, Boarbon county, Ky., onSaturday, Sept. 28th, 1912,at 10 oclock a. mM the following property: 1 bay work horse,1 bay buggy horse,' 1 black buggy mare,1 black draft work and brood mare,with colt by her side that is sold for$125,'2 milch cows and calves,3 yearling steers,About 90 head of red Jersey Duroc:hogs,1 aged Jersey Duroc boar,4 young Jersey Duroc bears,2 buggies,1 surrey,1 runabout,2 sets of buggy harness,6 sets of work harness,1 two-horse wagon and wagon frame1 two-horse cultivator.11two-horse corn planter,two horse Randall harrcw.2 mowing machines,11dump cart,hay rake,binder,11frame for housing green tobacco.1 bellows, anvil and set of blacksmith tools,Break and double shovel dIows andall other implements and tools foundon a farm,4 Carpets, sHousehold and kitchen furniture,1 kitchen range,1 incubator and brooder,1 philo.Lot of bav in rick,Lot of old corn in crib,About 25 acres of new corn,Oats in stack and barn.TERMS. Made known on day ofJ.C. JEFFERSON, AdministratorAlso at the same time and place,Saturday, Sept. 28th, 1912,at 10 o'clock a. m., as agent forheirs of.Rachael J. Chanslor and IsaacF. Chanslor. I will sell theFarm, Consisting of About 1 37Acres.Said farm lies on the south of ."Millersburg, about one half mile fromtown on the east side of the Lexingtonand Maysville turnpike ; the L. & N.railroad running along west side. Thisis one of the most desirable farms inthe county. It has on it a two-storybrick house, with new roof and is ingood condition ; a tobacco barn andwarehouse, with plank floor and goodtobacco screw ; stable, corn crib, buggyhouse, chicken house, smoke houseand splendid ice house, three cellars ;also" tenementlhouse. .two cabins, andthe best spring in the county, and twoother fields with never failing water.This farm is well fenced and is in a3I good a neighborhood as anyone couldwi?n, ana can an De piowea. There isabout 35 acres in corn and the rest ingrass. Anyone wishing a home willmake a great mistake if they don't attend this sale, as there is no better situation onthe Lexington and Maysvilleturnpike, and is in one half mile oftwo of the best schools in the State,both "male and female colleges andonly 7 miles from Paris. It will besold as a whole, or dividpd to suit purchasers. TERMS. Made known on day ofJ. C. JEFFERSON, Agent forHeirs.Class in Music.Miss Elizabeth Crutcher will takepupils in piano beginning SeDtember10. Lessons given at 315 Pleasantstreet.LOST.On Main street Wednesday. SeDtember 4, an old gold bracelet, engravedin flower figures. Finder please returntoCORINNE KEENE,10 2t pd 518Marshall street,Paris, Ky.per - FM WG8(ll $1,000 to $100,000W. KING & SON,125 Cheapslde, Lexington, Ky.For Sale Privately.As attorney for the estateestate of Phillip, Clay deceased, the undersignedwill sell privately thelate residence situatedon Second Street in theCity of Paris, Kentucky.Same contains 4 rooms,and lot fronts about 40feet on said street. Forfurther information inquire of..P. A. THOMPSON.., .