5tTHEON NEWPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JANUARY 26, 1912rasISft4SmammmThs last Chance ! 8-morrowTo-day andare the Last Days of theParis, KentuckymJm7What Say You? ffwYou can borrow money through the banks at6 per cent, and buy groceries and save more thanenough to pay interest. Try it.16 lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.008 bars Lenox Soap 25c3 boxes Matches 10c2 cans good Corn 15cPull qt. can K'aro Syrup 10cDry Salt Bacon, per lb 10cPure Hog Lard, per lb . j - 12cNavy Beans, per lb 5 l-2cLima Beans, per lb - 8cBlua Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 70Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. .Sack 1.40Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.75The above is only a few of the many bargains wehave for you. We have a large and fresh stock of everything in the grocery line and invite you to our store andbecome one of our customers and see how much moneywe can save you. We also want to buy all of your eggsand butter and will pay the top market price for them inspot cash.You get what you buy at our store and we are notafraid to make the price right. Why? Because it's cashto all, and credit to none, and you don't have to pay forwhat the other fellow don't pay for. Call and see us, or'phone 234 either phone.T. C. LENIHAINNTLLPASSESSENATE-Graham Extension Goes OverBy a Vote of 24 to 24 inUpper Branch.SENATOR THOMAS IN FIGHTSpeaks at Length on Issue Before Vote is Taken Yesterday Afternoon.The Kentucky Senate yesterdayafternoon at 4:50 o'clock passed theGraham county unit extension bill bya vote of 24 to 14.WE KNOW HOWI99Clearance SaleON ALL WINTER GOODS!An early dispatch from Frankfortyesterday said :"The Senate session was extendedindefinitely today so as to give plentyof time to consider the County Unitbill."At 11 o'clock the County Unit billwas announced as a special order andSenator J. C. Graham, chairman ofthe County Unit Committee, reportedthe bill favorably. He spoke in favorof the bill and said the defeat of JudgeO'Kear was not a condemnation of theCounty Unit bill, because the Democratic candidate for Governor had alsodeclared for the County Unit and received thousands of votes on that account. "Senator Gus Brown said he honestly believed the County Unit bill is unconstitutional and he had taken anoath to support the constitution andhe could not support the bill. He saidno. liquor man had ever asked him tovote against the measure, and he saidthe Court of Appeals had overruled adecision of h hundred years when itsaid the present local option law isconstitutional."Senator Brown said under the present County Unit law if a precinct,city or county should once vote dry itcould pever vote wet again even ifevery voter in it voted wet, becausethe law says if a county votes wetevery precinct in that county that wasdry before the election shall remaindry. Therefore, he said, the Court otAppeals in effect had said dry votesshould count but wet votes should notcount."Senator Thomas, of Bourbon, in hisspeech favoring the County Unit, siidthe Texas constitution on the liquorquestion was almost identical withKentucky's constitution and the UnitedStates Supreme Court, had held theTexas law constitutional." Hesaid theconstitution of Kentucky made itmandatory to pass such a law and bothparty platforms urged its passage."Mr. Thomas said that it needed noconstitutional amendment to prohibitthe manufacture of whisky and beerin Kentucky and that unless the liquorpeople quit interfering in legislativematters a law would be passed absolutely wiping distilleries and breweriesout of Kentucky."At 2:30 o'cluck Senator Huffakeroffered his County Unit bill, whichused the language of the constitutionl that really makes the county the unit,as a substitute for the Graham bill."Senator Thomas made a po'int oforder that the bill was not germane,but President Mcuermott ruled it wasgremane.Cash Grocery,Both Phones 234IPREDUCTION SALE OFniTrF mmmMen's Suits and Overcoats, jjj$30.00 now $22.50 Ift25.00. now 18.7522.50 now 17.00 p20.00 L.J: --now 15.00 j18.00 J. -.now 13.50 jjjfo15.00 now 11.75 j12.50 now 9.35 f1 0.00 now 7.50If in need, now is your time to buy. Comeand get a good selection.Road Machinery Men Here.Magistrates E. P. Thomason 'and J.J. Redmon, composing the committeeappointed by the Bourbon Fiscal Courtat its meeting held on December 7,1911, top urchase a rock crushing outfit for the use or the county, metyesterday representatives of a numberof machine companies. The companiesrepresented were the Simon RoadMachinery Co., of Milwaukee ; HuberMachine Co., Uhicago; Garr Scott CoRacine, Wis. ; Kelley-Springfield RoadRoller Co . Springfield. O ; Good RoadsMachine Co., Fort Wayne, lnd. ; Climax Machine Co., Marathon, N. Y.Chicago Concrete and Machine Co.Milwaukee, Wis. ; J. I. Case MachineCo., Racine, Wis. ; Acme Road MachineCo., Frankfort, N. Y. The committeeheard the claims presented by thevarious representatives and a numberwill be heard this morning.'vercoats. Underwear, Shirts and Men'sigSo now is lour inance to Jbuya Suit or Overcoat at Reduced Prices.if You Are in Need of Under Clothes, this is theStore to Make Your Purchase.a?$35.00 Suits and Overcoats $27.9530.00 Suits . 23.9527.50 Suits 21.9525.00 Suits ..; 18.9522.50 Suits 16.9520.00 Suits 14.9518.00 Suits 13.4515.00 Suits i.. ...;; 11.9512.50 Suits L 9.9510.00 Suits 7.45anhaiian Shirts$2.50 Shirts2.00 Shirts,....,. "..1.50 Shirts1.00 and $1.50 Shirts$1.881.481.15.50For THE Bargains SeeMitchell & Blakemore,IOutfitters to MenParis, Kentucky$Miiimmw1 "wrr- w1 g.$$$$liMfiiniiiiiiiiiiii i ii 1 1 i i7i t 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 e 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 ii u m i mi ii i n i u n i ii i in iiii 1 1-FRANK. & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.OUR1Big Clearance Salej 15ig Purchase oi Walnut T-ees.The biggest deal for walnut timberthat has been made in this county in anumber of years was consummated afew days ago and by which Mr. OssianEdwards, of this city, purchased overfour hundred trees from the followingat goodd prices : Mr. Vol. Ferguson,75 trees; Mr. M. B. Lovell, 150 trees;Mr. Thomas Henry Clay, Jr., 100trees; Mr. J. T. Lynch, 75 trees; Mr.P. L. Plummer, 25 trees.The purchase represents the beststanding w?lnut timher in Bourboncounty. The trees will be cut downand the pick of the logs will be exported to Germany where they will bemanufactured into furniture.Robbed and Thrown into CinderPit.Robbed, beaten into helplessness,stabbed in the back and abdomen andthrown into a cinder pit onto burningoals ana was cne lernoie experienceof Will Flower, a nergo of Jackson,Ky., who was attacked by highwaymen in that town Wednesday night;Flower was was found by in L. & E.train crew and taken to a Lexinaton' Hospital where his condition is said tobe. critical.! sWill Last One More Week.Sale Ends I anuary 27th.Choice of Any Winter SuitORAny Fancy Cloak, $10.00 Each.Big Bargains in Fur Muffs and Sets.Silks and Dress Goods.Remnants of all Kinds.Don't Miss This Sale.ir-1 .rranParis,k &Co.Kentucky11 1 1 if m (:s i i ii ii i in r lmiimimm) srnin mi 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 mi u 1 1 ii 1 1 mm ii ii mil inmmiiiiiuJiJiiiintnnmin ; i un u nm in n wlM 1 1 1 jQjVV:immtratrv a- 5V T 7V rT V" T t vi-vTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY," JAN. 26, 1912.CRCC CAMDI C (IE 1 AYATIVCtne Irishman pulled his kit-box Irombeneath the bunk.The lid came up freely . as lietouched it. For a full minute he didnot breathe. Then, in ominous silence, he bent and examined the lock.tacts for WeakCURED HIS CONSTIPATIONNine-tenths o sll the sickness or women is due to some derangement or disease of the organs distinctly feminine. Such sickness can be curedr is cursdevery day fay" Dr. Pierce's Favorite PrescriptionIt Brakes Wenk Women Strong,Siok Women Well,It acts directly on the organs affected and is at the. same time a general restorative tonic for the whole system. It cures female complaint right in the privacyof home. It makes unnecessary the disagreeable questioning, examinations andlocal treatment so universally insisted upon by doctors, and so abhorrent to'Whci a person has become dis--couragedthrough years of failure tofind a cure, and finally, perhaps, givesup trying, it is small wonder that hebecome skeptical. And yet, to allSrho have constipation, we would say,"TVr liirf nnn il-iionr m rrr "ionville. Mo., Mr. George W. Zimmerman of Harrisburg, Pa., and manyothers of both sexes and in all parts ofthe country first used a sample bottleand now have it ' 'regularly in thehouse.You will learn to do away withsalts, waters and crhartics for theseare but temporary reliefs while Dr.Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin is guaranteedto cure permanently. It will trainyour stomach and bowel muscles sothat they will do their work againnaturally without outside aid. Castaside your skepticism and try SyrupPepsin.For the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell. 402 Caldwell building,Monticello, 111.JUJlWe wish 3rou would try Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin, a laxative tonicthat has been used for a generation.Thousands are using it; surely someof your friends among the number.You can buy it of any druggist atfifty cents and one dollar a bottle, butbetter still, send your name and address to- Dr. Caldwell for a free" sample bottle. He will send you enoughto convince you of its merits, andthen if you like it you can buy it ofyour druggist. Mr. J. J. Petty of Un-every modest woman."We shall not particularize here as to the symptoms ofthose peculiar affections incident to vomcn, but thosewanting full information as to their symptoms andmeans of positive cure are referred to the People's Common Sense Medical Adviser 100S pages, -newly revisedand up-to-date Edition, sent free on receipt of 21 onecent stamps to cover cost of mailing only; or, in clothbinding for 31 stamps.Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.! The J?1i of Flame !I i! By I?!I LOUIS JOSEPH VANCE BfflIllustrations by Ellsworth Young I 1.J...-V. . ..v g- -g r-SS?S . r-., . . i --r- a iiji jt,-, jn nf wi r i (im iihi i fnri w iw?..T5- "vSt.N....4lr'.'.-gar ''' -r V.--uii Bourbon LaundryD.WIS & FUNK, Props.Stf Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice.tototototototoBourbon IA P rficular Service ForParticular Pteople. AyThey are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest of ;fcourse. Systematic, thorough yWto orot vour lamirlrv ont theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.wStyF- W W "V 2 W n- - 'tUT S i)CB8'O. H. CHENAULT. Pres. Z. T. SELLERS Vice-Pres.E. L. BAKER, Sect, and Treas.B. F. BUCKLEY and D. W. CSOTT, Managers.The Central Kentucky TobaccoWarehouse CompanyI (Incorporated)i v Warehouse and RedryerNo. 574-595 South Upper Street 415-43D South Shnestone StreetBoth dhones 1)05. LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYOPEN DAY AND NIGHTWe Are Now Open and Ready For Eusiness.The Leading Warehouse of Lexington Past Season,The Largest Loose Leaf House in the State'.Sales capacity of five hundred thousand pounds daily. Roomon driveways for one hundred and fifty loaded wagons.Stalls for three hundred horses. Our sales the past seasonamounted to four million pounds. With our large and wellequipped warehoush; the experience and suc2ess of the pasttwo years enables us to guarantee our customers the bestprices and the best treatment. Come and see us and lookouer our house before selling your tobacco. We have calculators to figure the sabs behind the auctioneers on the floor.As fast as the crop is sold the farmer gets his cash. Tryus once and you will come back again.STOCKHOLDERS AND XMKECTOKST. P. Barnard, Louisville, Ky.J. C. Stone, Louisville, Ky.W. P. Barnard, Louisville, Ky.B. C. Crawford, Louisville, Ky.J. C. Bright, Louisville, Ky.O. H. Chenault, Lexington, KyR, L. Baker, Lexington, Ky.Dan W. Scott, Lexington, Kv.Z. T. Sellers, Versailles, Ky.'J. O. Roberts, Auctioneer.Roy McCray, of Bourbon, is with" the Central House, andwill be pleased to have his friends bring their tobacco to himand to"comelto"the house to see him at all times as he willbe there to look'iafter their interestThe Famous-uM'fo LampThe best part of the day is the evening, when -the whole family isgathered together around the lamp.The old days of the smoky fireplace and Bickering candle are gone forever. In theirplace have come the convenient oil stove and the indispensable Rayo Lamp.There are to-day, in the United States alone, more than 3,000,000 of these Rayolamps, giving their clear, white light to more than 3,000,000 homes.Other lamps cost more, but you cannot get a better light than the low-priced Rayo-gives. It has become so popular we may almost call it "the official lamp of theAmerican family."The Rayo is made of solid brass, with handsome nickel finish an ornament anywhere.Ak your dealer for a Rayo lamp : or write for descriptive circular to any agency of thebtandard Oil Company(Incorporated) x .Copyright 1909, by Louis Joseph VanceSYNOPSIS.CHAPTER I. The story opens atMonte Carlo with Col. Terence O'Rourkein his hotel. O'Rourke, a military freelance and something of a gambler, isdressing for appearance in the restaurantbelow when the sound of a girlish voicesinging attracts his attention. Leaningout on the balcony he sees a beautifulgirl who suddenly disappears. He rushesto the corridor to see a neatly gownedform enter the elevator and pass fromsight.CHAPTER ' IL O'Rourke's mind isfilled with thoughts of the girl, and whenhe goes to the gaining table ho allows hisremarkable winnings to accumulata indifferently. He notices two men watching him. One is the Han. Eertie Glynn,while his companion is Viscount DesTrehes. a noted duelist. When O'Rourkeleaves the table the viscount tells him herepresents the French government ' andthat he has been directed to O'Rourke asa man who would undertake a secretmission.CHAPTER ITT. At his room O'Rourke,who had agreed to undertake the mission,awaits the viscount. O'Rourke finds amysterious letter in his apartment. Theviscount arrives, hands a sealed packageto O'Rourke, who is not to open it' untilon the ocean. He says the French government will pay O'Rourke 25,000 francsfor his services. A pair of dainty slippers are seen protruding fi'orn under adoorway curtain and the viscount chargesO'Rourke with having a spy secretedthere.CHAPTER TV. When the Irishmangoos to his room he finds there the owner of the mysterious feet. It is his wife,Tatrix. from whom he had run away ayear previous. They are reconciled, andopening the letter he had received, heii"ds that a law firm in Rangoon, India,offers him J0O.C00 pounds for an Indianjewel known as the Pool of Flame andleft to him by a dying friend. O'RourketHIs his wife that It is in the keepingef a friend named Chambret in Algeria.CHAPTER V. O'Rourke is forced tofight a duel with the viscount. The braggart nobleman is worsted in the combatand acts the poltroon.CHAPTER VI The loyal w'if bid3O'Rourke farewell and ,he promises tosoon return with the reward offered .forthe Pool of Flame. He discovers bothGlynn and the viscount on board thaship which takes him to Algeria.CHAPTER VII. Chambret has left Algeria and O'Rourke has to gain a military detachment going across the desertto reach his friend. As he finds the latterthere is an attack by bandits andChambret is shot.CHAPTER VIII. Chambret dies tellini:O'Rourke that he has left the Pool ofFlame with the governor general of Algeria. He gives the colonel a signet ringat th sight of which he says the officialwill deliver over the jewel.CHAPTER IX. O'Rourke is attackedbv Glynn and the viscount who ransackhis luggage, but he worsts them in "theconflict.CHAPTER X. When he arrives at Algeria the Irishman finds the governorareneral away. He receives a note fromDes Trebes making a mysterious appointment. CHAPTER XI.-The viscount tellsO'Rourke that he has gained possessionof the jewel by stealing It from the safeof the governor general. He does not,however, know who has offered the reward for it. He suggests a duel withrapiers. th victor to get that informationand the jewel.CHAPTER XII.-Tn the duel O'Rourkemasters his adversary and secures possession of the Pool of Flame.in the present instance, the disguise was held an advisable thing,since O'Rourke was officially registered on the ship's books as assistant engineer. The 'Pelican carried no license for passengers, and in view ofhis avowed purpose it was deemedunwise for the Irishman to risk detection by appearing "too tony" (anexpression culled from the captain'svocabulary).Otherwise, it was understood thathis duties were to consist of the pursuit of his own sweet will, that hewas to occupy a stateroom aft, andthat he was to mess at the captain'stable.On an evening, some nine or tendays after he had left Athens,O'Rourke at the forward rail saw thelong, low profile of Egypt edge up outof the, waters, saw it take color andform, made out palms and the windmills, the light-house and Pompey'spillar: and knew that he was closeupon his journey's end.Her winches rattled cheerfully asthe Pelican droppe'd anchor, butO'Rourke did not move. There wouldbe no going ashore, he knew, untilHole was ready, and that would bewhen the customs officials had paidhim a call and the usual courtesieshad been exchanged. The Irishmanhad no need to be in haste to changefrom his present garb to one thatbetter suited him. So he lolled, uponthe rail and regarded with a kindlingeye the harbor views.He mopped his brow, simply (as befitted one of his apparent station inlife) with the back of a hand, andstood erect, exulting in the scent, theIndescribable, impalpable, insistentodor of the East that is forgotten ofnone who had ever known it. The hotwind drove it gustily in his face, and"he sniffed and drew gpeat lungfulsand was glad." 'T.is good!" he said simply. And,a bit later, while on the short-line thebrazen arcs were beginning to pop outsilently: "There's the customs boat.I'm thinking I'll slip below."No lamps had yet been lighted below, but O'Rourke knew the way tohis room. He entered and shut thedoor. The, afterglow of the sunset,entering through the porthole, rendered the little coop light enough forhis purpose. Dropping to his knees.The First Officer's Fist CaughtO'Rourke Just Under the Ear.It became immediately evident thathis memory had not tricked him; thetrunk was locked, as he had ieft itthat moraine:. But the clasp hadyielded to a cold chisel.It was hardly worth the trouble,still O'Rourke rummaged through thecontents of the box, assuring himselfthat the chamois bag was gone. Sofar as he could determine then, nothing else had been taken.He shut down the lid and sat downto think it out, eyes hard, lace grimlyexpressionless, only an intermittentnervous clenching and opening of hishands betraying his gathering rageand excitement. At length he arose,determination in his port.One phrase alone escaped him:"And not a gun to me name!"He went on deck. Aireadj' the tropic night had closed down upon the,harbor, but it was easy enough to locate the captain and first officer, stillwaiting at the gangway. From overside arose the splutter of a launch araucous sound, yet one that barely rippled the surface of O'Rourke's consciousness. He stepped quickly tothe captain's 'side and touched himgently on the arm."Captain," he said quickly, ".I'll beasking the favor of a word with ye inprivate."Hole caught the gleam of the Irishman's eye in Uie lamplight andstepped back a pace."Get forrard," he said curtly. "Carn'tyou see the customs officer coming'aboard? I'll see you later.""Ye will not. Ye'll hear me now,captain "Hole backed further away. "Wot!"he barked hoarsely, raising his voice."Wot! I'll show you 'oo's masteraboard this ship. Get forrard to yourquarters! S'help-me-gawd !". he exploded violently. "'Oo ever heard thelike of it?"O'Rourke stepped nearer, his fistsclosing. "Drop that tone, ye scud!"he cried. "D'ye want me to spoil yourlittle game?"The shot went home. The captaingasped, and in the darkness O'Rourkefancied he lost a shade or two of hisruddy color."Wotcher mean?" he demanded, lowering his tone."I mean," replied O'Rourke in aquick whisper, "that the Egyptian customs officer is at the side. Returnwhat ye've stolen from me this day,or I'll tell the whole harbor whatye've been up to! And, if ye wantme to be more explicit, perhaps theword 'hashish' will refresh your memory!" "I'll talk to you later""Ye'll give me back me property thisminute or "O'Rourke was at the rail in a stride."Shall I tell him?" he demanded.A swift step sounded beside him.He turned an instant too late, who hadreckoned without Dennison. As he 1moved to protect himself the first of-1fleer's fist caught the Irishman just Junder the ear. And one hundred andseventy-five pounds of man and malicewere behind it. O'Rourke shot into :the scuppers as though kicked by a jmule, struck his head against a pieceof iron work and lay still, half ;stunned, shutting his teeth savagely 1upon a moan.Hole and the first mate stood over jhim, and the captain's voice, guarded jbut clear enough, came to his ear: j"You'll lie there, me man, and not iso much as a whimper till I give you jleave. Take 'eed wot- I says. Mr. jDennison 'ere is goin' to clean 'is re-1volver."O'Rourke lay silent, save for hisquick breathing. The first officer,grinning malevolently, sat down nearat hand, keeping a basilisk eye uponthe prostrate man while he fondled anable-bodied, hammerless Webley.Hole moved off towards the gang-stant later, greeting his visitor. Thelatter put a hurried question, whichO'Rourke did not catch, but the cap- jtain's reply was quick enough: !"Onlv a mutinous dorg of a deck'and. Wanted shore leave and refusedto ko forrard when ordered. fE ain't'urted none. Mr. Dennison . 'ere just jgyve 'im a tap to keep him quiet."The Irishman swore beneath his jbreath and watched the first officer.The light from the lantern at thegangway glanced dully upon the polished barrel of the revolver, and thegleaming line was steadily directedtowards O'Rourke's head. Upon reconsideration he concludedto lie still,to vait. and watch his oiiDortunity:GEO. W. DAVISFDNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMES.BOTH 'PHONES DAY 137; SIGHT 299.The Best is none loo good for you.3II and make the Women happy.& DentonPARIS, KY.East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North ;Middleto wi, Little7 RockRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service."anThe East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedEnds Winter's Troubles.To man1, winter is a'season of trouble. The frost-bitten toes and fingerschapped hands and lips, chilblains,cold sores, red and rough skins.provethis. But such troubles fly beforeBucklen's Arnica Salve. Atrial con-' vxnees. lireatesti neaier or Durns,boils, piles, cuts, sores, brufses, ecze- jI ma and sprains. 25c at Oberdorfer's. Xi iiInsure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfNEWBARBER0Modern Equipment.4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.JRnnk LanqbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDJoe. G. Mitchell,augl(tfEast Tenn. Phbe 669(Against Fire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies.Phone 162Agent.LOWRY & TALBOTBALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.will not be yours unless youhave a pario:. stove as artisticas it is serviceable. Have alook at the stoves in this hardware store. They are brightand att. -active and really betterheat makers than the ugliestold stove you ever saw. Prettiness . costs nothing either.Plain stoves cannot be boughtcheaper.- , p(Continued -on Page 7!)3' INB L lljjA 1 1 . H 'B 'P - BMB MSI KB!the Sale of Sales. Our stock is twice as heavy asWe need money to meet Spring purchases now onr store, hence money and room are the two thingsThis will bit should be.the way to cwe are now looking forward to. 'W e realize after the many so-calied Cleaning-Up Sales it wiiFbe hard to interest you, hut one thing we wantto say, that we will put on a sale with prices so low that you will be forced sit up and take notice, for it will meana saving to yon if you have to purchase for next Winter. Nothing spared. The pruning knife will cut everyMan's Suit, Men's Furnishings, Meni Shoes, Trunks, Suit Cases, in fact, nothing will escape. Read the prices,compare them with other cut prices, note the saving. The goods are here awaiting you. '1 00 Men's Suits, sizes only 34, 35 and 36, worth from $12 to $20Money Raising Sale Price$10.00 Men's Suits, pure worsted,Money Raising Sale Price$ 1 2.00 Men's Suits, all-wool, hand-tailored,Money Raising Sale Price : "'JLl 1.......$15.00 Men's Suits, all-wool, hand-tailored,Mqney Raising Sale Price 0.$3.98$6.98$7.98$9.50$1 8.00 Men's Suits, all-wool, hand-tailored 'Money Raising Sale Price $1 1.50$20.09 Men's Suite, including Schloss Bros.,Money Raising Sale Price$12.98$22.00 and $25.00 Men's Suits, including Alfred Benjamin's &t a noMoney Raising Sale Price pl4.yo$28.00 and $30.00 the very finest Ready-made Clothing cfc i n nrMoney Raising Sale Price Jpiy.UUNote The Great Bargains50c and 75c Men's Caps, reduced to 38c300 Caps, worth 50c, 75c and 31, reduced to 25cBoys' high-cut Shoes, worth S3, reduced to $1.98Men's SI Gloves, cut to 75cS3. 50 all-wool Sweaters, cut to $L98Sl.25 all-wool Sweaters, cut to - 69cBoys' 50c and 75c Sweaters, cut to 39cMen's S2 all-over Rubber Overshoes, cut to SL48Men's 10c Sox, reduced to 7cMen's 75c Rubbers, reduced to -4icBoys' Fleeced Underwear, reduced to I9cHeavy Union Suits, boys, reduced to 39cMen's all-wool, fleeced Underwear, Dr. Wright's,worth Sl.25, cut to 79cMen's Outing Flannel Pajamas, worth 81.25 suit, cut to. 59cMen's 50c Heavy Mittens, reduced to . . - 38aH. & P. $2 Men's Kid Gloves, reduced to $1.2yPhoenix Mufflers, cut to 19cMayo 50c Mufflers, cut to 25c300 Men's odd Vests, worth up to S3, choice .25cBoys' Knee Pants, worth up to $5, all reduced to 2.98Meris Fine TrousersFinest Tailor-made Trousers, $7.50, $8 and S10, strictlyhand-made, Money Raising Sale Price -. . $4.985.00 Men's Trousers, Money Raising Sale Price $3.48S4.00 Men's Trousers, Money Raising Sale Price $2.45$3.50 Men's Trousers, Money Raising Sale Price 2.29S3.00 Men's Trousers, Money Raising Sale Price S1.98$2.50 Men's Trousers, Money Raising Sale Price $1.79$2.00 Men's Trousers, Money Raising Sale Price. $1.48 -$1.50 Men's Trousers, Money Raising Sale Price 98cFinest $3. 50 Cordoruy Pants, Money Raising Sale Price. $1.98$2.50 and $3.00 " 44 , " " " " $1.79$2.00 " " " " " $1.48Shoes at Bargain PricesOur Men's Shoe Department represents the cream ofall makes, including the celebrated French Shuier Co.,W. L. Douglas, Beacon, Emerson Shoe and a number ofother good makes. Read and save:$4. 00 Twin Bros.' Special Shoes, cut to $3.39$3.50 Twin Bros.' Special Shoes, cut to- $2.98$3.50 Douglas Shoes, cut to : . . ..$2.98S3. 00 Douglas Shoes, cut to $2.69$3,00 Beacan Shoes, cut to $2.69Regular $2.75 Shoes, cut to $1.98Regular $2.50 Shoes, cut to $1.75Regular S2.00 Shoes, cut to $1.43Regular $1.50 Shoes, cut to v 98cOdd last of fine Shoes, worth $3, $3.50 and $4, MoneyRaising Sale Price $1.98We Are'Overstocked Badly on Men's andYouths' Overcoats Every OneSold at a Loss.SiiO.OO Overcoats $11.98$18.00 Overcoats $10.98$15.00 Overcoats , $ 9.98$12.00 Overcoats $ 7.98$10.00 Overcoats $ 6.98$ 8.00 Overcoats $ 5-35S 0.00 Overcoats $ 3.98One lot of Boys' Overcoats, ages 13 to 18,worth up to $15, Money Raising SalePrice 3-98Underwear Collars, Shirts, &c Fine HatsMen's heavy fleece-lined Shirts and Drawers, the best 50c garment in town, reduced to 35cMen's heavy ribbed garments, reduced to . . 35cCooper's fine ribbed Underwear, reduced to 79cMen's $1.50 wool Underwear, reduced to. .98cMen's $2 wool Underwear, reduced to. ..$1.29All 10c Cellars reduced to 8cAll 15c Collars reduced to 10cAll $1 and $1.25 Shirts reduced to ,79cAll SI. 50 and $2 Shirts reduced to $1.15All 50c and 75c Shirts reduced to 38cOdds and ends in $1 Shirts 48cMen's 25c Suspenders reduced to, 12cMen's 50c Suspenders reduced to. ... : 29cAt Money Raising Price SaleHawes Van Gal $3 Hats reduced to . . . . .$2.25Fine S3 Hats reduced to $1.98$2.50 Men's Hats seduced to $1.69$2 Men's Hats reduced to $1.48&L.50 Men's Hats reduced to 98cStetson Hats reducedo $2.59You have read our almost unbelievable prices, but we assure you every price quoted above is genuine. We have the goods to fill same. Wereserve but one condition on above prices, and that is all the prices Must Be Cash, nothing charged except at our usual prices. This sale isbeing made to raise money, and prices are for Cash only, (Cash is King.)tiranam DEFT.Simon's Old Stctixcl2wstixi Street, JPetris, IKeaxtuoteyTHE BOljRBON NEWS, PARIS,' KENTUCKY JAN. S6, 1912.I CV J I- ;' 'V.Jfe Uhis jfcome VisionjCong SSeen 2our 9 is ionThe Vision a home all your own? 'It's ,a Vision with many a many couple and remains a Vision because they donot know that the Vision this home Vision may readily become a realitythrough the aid of the A. F. WHEELER FURNITURE .CO. store.Bring us then your home ideas let's planXhem together Let us make-yourhome vision a reality.Gents5Chif orofoe sA beautiful AmericaQuarter, highly polished.The thing you will wantfor the room.$16.75 up to $38.iHemp Crop in Bad Way,' The hemp,crop in Kentucky is reported to be unusually short, says anexchange. Hemp growing in fact is avanishing industry in the UnitedStates. Census figures show that theentire production in 1909 was 10,000pounds. Practically all of this wasgrown in Kentucky, although somehemp was produced in the states ofCalifornia Illinois and Nebraska.Fifty years ago the crop in theUnited States amounted to 150,000pounds. Twenty years ago it, hadshrunk to about 20,000 pounds. Kentucky has always led in hemp production in this country, but Kentuckyfarmers are now turning their' attention to other crops. A few years agothe single county of Gairard raisedmore than 3,000,000 pounds of hemp,while its present estimated crop is notmuch in excess of 100,000 pounds.There is no longer a general active demand for the product fiince its importance as a commercial fibre is decreasiner. The Kentucky farmers find itmore nrotfiable to devote their land totobacco and other crops and the timeis not tar. distant when hemp growingwill be a memory.:Stovest -.' ,4INow is the time if you are inthe market for Cook Stovesor Heaters. We have reduced the'prices for our January Sale, and prices are cuthalf in two.RockersWe areloffering for themonth of January someyery low prices onLeather, Solid Oak andMahogany Rockers,$1 .75 up to $28.00Special Clubbing Rate lor 60Days.By spacial arrangement the News isenaDled to furnish the most attractiveclubbing rale ever put before the pub-,lie. For the next 60 days we will offerthe Daily Chicago Exaimner, recognized as one of the foremost journals ofthe United States in connection withthe Bourbon News, for one year forS3. 75. This is a great opportunity tosecure both papers at a great reduction. All subscriptions should be sentto the News. tffire and tornado insurance.McCLURE & CLENDENIN.Small Blaze.The fire department was ca rfed outyesterday morning about 10:30 o'clockto the residence occupied by Mr.Thomas Saddler on Vine street, wherea spark from a chimney had started ablaze on the roof. The fire was extinguished with a slight damage to theroof. Mr. R. B. Huthcraft is the owner of the proprety.Supervisors Complete Work.The Bourbon County Board of TaxSupervisors has completed its laborsof going over the books of CountyAssessor W. G. McClintock and has adjourned. A number of property owners were before the Board durinc itssessions. The books of Assessor McClintock are in the hands of hisdeputy, Mr. L. B. Purnell, who willturn them over to the County Clerkwithin the next few days.A. F. Wheeler fornitore Co.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclass barbers. 13 tfRELIGIOUS.ft Cor. Mainland Third jSts. CHAS. A. GREEN, Mgr.Opp. Court HousemIS YOUR NOSECopyright 1S10, by the Stacderd Adv. Co.ONEBF you have not provided yourself with a Bank Accountequal to one month, six months or a sum equal to thewages of years, you are at the mercy of your employer.You cannot offord to stop wyrk to look for a better place.It you were to be taken sicb, what then?J We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accountsA mmm mmm m mi 9 w m aDEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS,Capita! $1 00,000Surplus $30,000OOCan Carry Liquor to Dry Points.The law of Kentucky designed toprevent railroads from carrying liquorsto local option districts known as "drypoints," in which the sale of it is forbidden, figured in a decision of, thesupreme Court of the United StatesMonday in the case of the Louisville& Nashville railroad against the F.VY. (look Brewing Company, of Evansville, Ind.The Court held that the Kentuckyact of March 21, 1906, making it unlawful to transport liquor to drypoints, was laid as to intra-siare shipments, but that it did not apply tointerstate commerce.Beer, is a commodity, said the court,and railroads must carry it when offered for transportation, from one stateinto dry counties of another Stdt, regardless of the laws of the latterstate.'Buys Noted Stallion.Mr. W. A. Bacon, proprietor ofMaplehurst Stock Farm, purchasedyesterday of Mr. Charlton Clay, thenoted stallion, Wiggins, 2-year-oldrecord 2:19. Wiggins is 'the sire ofKathrine A., 2:113-4, the KentuckyFuturity. Wiggins has three in the2:10 list. Wiggins will make theseason this year at Maplehurst farm.THEATRICAL."THE GIRL FROM U. S. A.""The Girl From U. S. A." whichappears at the Paris Grand to-night,Friday, .lanuary 26, is said to be aliterary invention. It makes everybodysit up and take notice. Though showing in its evolution the social life ofthe orient in its two most strikingphases, it is so vividly American inj sentiment, so vigorously clever inJ dialogue, and astonishingly true as toI type and characters, that no one everthinks that any of it exciting compli-A Song Writer's Romance"When the Right Little Girl LovesYou" has been the inspiration of thegreatest and grandest acts in the livesof most men, and Mr. Joe Bren, thepopular composer and song writer, isno exception to the rule, as his latestsong hit proves.There is a Verv nretfcv rnmnnpp nnn-nected with his courtship and recentmarriage, une day, while strollingalong the beach, in tow of Dan Cupidyou may oe sure, arinkmg in the pureozone, nnaing new cnoras and themesin the beatine of the waves nnnn thasand, in the whistling of the wind andnever ceasing cries ;'of sea birds hejraet tne rignc iue girl."Then-followed a pretty romancefriends-clovers engaged papa's sternrefusal tha niiiefT mnrrinaro minm'nnfather' forgiveness then that corn-prece nsppmess mat comes from theunion of two souls. That the happybride is excentinnaliv nrat.tv anrl onheiress only adds heart interest to thestory..',With hia dainty bride as muse, Mr.Bren nnrtravpd the rnmunno f hlalife in the words of his latest, beautiful, natchv snnc . "WViPn tha friohfLittle Girl Loves You," which israpidly proving itself one of the bigUOnillar IT! iisif.fll hits Cir tha saaennboth with the profe&sion and tha public. inis song, as well as Mr. .Bren spopular hits. "Just One Word FromT I) ft m t -r ...iou, ana "it xoo but Knew- ispublished by the J. W. Jenkins SonsMusic Co., Kansas City, Mo.A " ' VX?.41 : :AT OPERA HOUSE TO-NIGHT.catidns or other than the naturalevent! of real life portrayed so strikingly. Of course it is a love story.A story of hate also with its twinrevenge of unlawful desire and lawful triumph. And it shows in vividgleams the complicated politics ofother lands, and the close relationshipof our own government with the onefree press on earth, whose mightyvoice rontrols the world and decidesthe fates of individuals and nations.Prices 25 and 35 cents. Eesreved seatsectnCloth SuiteWe Have Given Marching Orders to All Our HighGrade Exclusive Garments Remaining From Our GreatFinal Adjustment Sale and Priced Them, for Quick Selling", as. follows:Att$25 and $30 Sui, now $10,00Suits formerly up to $50; now $20.00Suits formerly up to $100, now $25.00A limited number of Cloth Suits remain from the fastselling of our Great Final Adjustment Sale and we havedecided to close every one of them out at a mere fractionof the former prices. While the quantity is somewhatlimited, the range of style and fabrics is still broad andembraces some of the most distinguished and exclusivemodels we have shown this season.A glance at the items above will show how we havefractured prices. Profits, regular values and even actualcost, played a minor role, the chief consideration being aquick and absolute clean-up.These unprecedently reduced prices place withinEVERYBODY'S reach the highest type of women's suitsthis country produces apparel which by its distinguishedexclusiveness, its ultra-smartness and its absolute perfection and superiority has become the unrivalled favoriteof the best dressed women in this section. That magnificent $50 or $100 suit you admired here earlier in the seasonbut could not, perhaps, afford, is now yours for the paltrysum of S20.00 or $25. And plenty of $25 and $30 suits maybe had for only $10 if your purse runs that way.jpfaufman, Strauo 6c Co.Wolf, Wile &i Company Successors.! "The Gifts of Wise Men" will be' the subject of Rev. E. M. Liierhtfoot atthe morning services at the Baptist J, church. Iiev Lightfoot will preach nt jthe evening service at which time hei will take as his subject, "The Deathpf the Devil."i Pure Sorghum.Phbne us your order for sorghumj fresh, just recieved.j SAUEK'S GROCERY.1 16 tf Main street, odp. courthouse..LEXINGTON, KY.410-Aere Tract of Blue CJrass LandATPUBLIC SALEAs Executor cf Chas. Hall, deceased, I will sell at public auction onthe premises, located five miles north-east of Georgetown, Ky.r on the Ammerman dirt road, a few hundred yards from the Newtown and Oxford turnpike, 14 miles from Oxford and 24 miles from Newtown, onWednesday, Jan. 31, 1912, at 1ft OXlock a. m.tlie farm of deceased, and containing 410, acres.his farm being located in the Blue Grass section of Kentucky has alimestone soil and is especially adapWl to the production, of tobacco, hemp,corn and such small grains as grown in this climate. It has on it three tenant houses with outbuildings, two tobacco bains, large enough to house 30acres or more of tobacco, is well fenced and. well supplied with water fromsprings and ponds.All of the farm at present is in blue grass, timothy and clover withthe exception of about 100 acres, which is mostly in small grain. This laridall lays well and the peculiar favorable qualities of its soil makes it an idealtract of land for both agricultural and stock purposes.. vProspective purchasers from, a distance- who desire to inspect the farmbefore day of sale may call on Auctioneer B. B Peak at Georgdtown, or forfurther desired information may call or .write the undersigned.Terms will be made known, on, day of sale and will be made to suit theDiirchaser.J. Ml. HALL, Executorof Cfras. Hall, deceased.B. B. PEAK, Auctioneer. PARIS, KY.Great Writer's Idea."There is an idea abroad amongmoral people that they should maketheir neighbors good. One person 1.have to make goad:, myself. But myduty to my . neighbor is much more.nearly expressed" by saying . that Ihave to make him happy if I may."Robert Louis Stevensqn.Sincerity Most Valuable Thing.Next to. being honest and able woought to be sincere men. Sincerity isthe quality which not only makesfriends, but holds them.Educaticr.al Systems."Look here said the father, "eveirpage of your book is covered with finger prints." "It's an accident," - rerplied the young student, "Well, it, is.some relief to hear that. Theije haVebeen so many changes in handwritingthat I was airaidthey..had. decided; to.make a clean sweep and substituteine JBerunon system.""v.All He Had to Do" With It."And you actually consented to letyour wife run for office?'' "Consented?Certainly not 1 acquiesced."Qualities That Make' for Success."The qualities of honesty, energ7frugality, integrity, are more necessary than ever today, and there isno success without them. They are:' so often urged that they have becomee'oihmDnplace, but they . are reallymore prized than ever. And any goodfortune that comes by such methods., is deserved- and admirable' V-Mar-at Mitchell & Blakemore's. 'A r. y-3iXU XT J U JLbJU'V XT X JL4 J T KJALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGWesleyan College Fire.r ire broke out Tuesday morning - inihe dormitory of the Kentucky Wesley-t 'i College in Winchester. The blazefcs extinguished with small loss.fpre,wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.Sells Harrison Farm.Auctioneer George D. Speakes, ofs city, sold for Gillispie and'naker, of Harrison county, a farmi ..nraining 323 acres near RobertsonSiat.on to Mr. George Roher, of thatccjnty at 61.50 pera ere.Refuses to Promise Immunity.jov. McCreary declined to pledgeimmunity for persons testifying beforetrie committee appointed to probe ther;:;vles of State "revenue agents.ne action is said to be discouraging. ome of those who were zealous inr n tne investigation.Public Sale.ablic sale of household and kitchen--.iture, including heating and cookZ stoves, dining table, chairs, sidetird. etc., Monay afternoon, Januaryat 2 o'clock at residence on Fourth1' . MISS LOUIE BRUER.Install Electric Motors.Tne plant of the Paris Manufactur-g- Co., on South Main stret, whichhaE heretofore been operated witht-vsol'ne engines, is now being runw ti electric motors, the managementhaving recently installed two machinesf a high power, and are greatly pleaie Axh the change.Dressed Fowls.;e dressed chickens.C. P. COOK & CO.Sells Suburban Land.Mrs. Birdie Ogden Gratz. of Lexinpt jd, sold last week a tract of land nearthis city lying on the Clintonville pikeand the L. & X. railroad to Messrs.Phillip and August Christman forC473 65. Mrs Gratz also sold toM-. Phillip Christman, of HarrodsLjrg, five acres adjoining the above1 nd" for the cash price of SS26 55.Sale Continued.j ir big shoe sale which has been: jen an enormous success will be cont DJed until Saturdav, January 27.H2nan and Nettleton shoes an greatlyreduced prices, also great bargains inlaj:es misses and childrens shoe?.( jirie in and get the pick.GEORGE McWILLIAMS.Champion Mare Sold.latlack & Shropshire, horsemen: Winchester, have soxd Naughty"I-.r:etta. champion three-gaitedii.fmare of the Stae last year.Heart Breaker, a three-gaitednJj.emare, to B. S. Castles and E.Springs, respectively, of New Yorkat prices which, although.ate, v?ere said by Mr. Matlack tof four figures.Securing Right oi Way.It. Brutus J. Clay who is engagedscaring the right of way for thez N. railroad for the double track-of the line between this city andChester, has been buisly engagedme work for several days and nasE;ieaced little difficulty in gettingi i-ntisent of the property owners.? the line, so far as he has prog-Sale Continued.or big shoe sale which has beenn an enormous success will be con1 oji until Saturday, January 27.U r.an and Nettleton shoes at greatly:".uei prices, also great bargains in1- .(- misses and children's shoes,t , .n and get the pick. 2tRotten Corn Killing Horses..h deaths of a number of horses in,ty and a number which are re-p-"!.' nave occurred in the county hasI - ..e a matter of deep concerni .? the owners of animals in thei" ar.d city. This week accordingrt;jj.t a number of valuable anir ave succumbed, and the cause ofV - tieath is attributed to the feed,4fr:narians stating that the ownersI- oeen feeding rotten corn to theiri. lsIs.frozen Bass on Stream Banks.. - owing the fall of the fishing'"'iTO of Bourbon county after thent heavy rains and the thaw hun-k:-ed?of young bass and other gamep aced in the streams about a year' 'i by the United States Fish Comn '.on were left on the creek banksti recediug waters and frozen totatb The young fish to avoid theew i; currents would find their way tot e overflow and when the fall cameWert; left on the ground or in shallowJc!5 where they were frozen in theA number of larger fish were-2-ht in the lot adjoining the plant3i the Paris Ice Manufacturing Co.,re they had been left by the recedwaters. . . .srt of Ferguson Farm Sold.arris &. Speakes.-ts, conducted thereal estatep'-ts, conducted the "sa,le of the-unon county farm of William C; -Juson, six miles west jof Paris on'f,rx ?eorgelown pike Tuesday. The-arm contains 362 acres with enmforta fliprovements and was offeredir 'ive tracts.4)le hundred acres were sold tn'--cr. Brothers at $150.75 per acre; 10a zo Mr. Herndcn, of .Georgetown,2; -.50 per acre. The home place'taking 152 acres, was bid toaTtd withdrawn.xe weather r,as beautiful, thej;owd i3ra;e and the aaIe satiafactbrv.c onel George D. Speakes was. thedJctioneer. ; ' ..improv.ngMr. George Kreiner isafter a severe illness..--Mr. N. Kriener is ableafter an illness of a week.to be outn r i ...friends in Frankfort yesterday.vj. vjt. uautrnertv visicenMiss Anne Hibler was the guestof friends in Lxington Wednesday.Miss Julia Edwards is able to beout after an illness of several weeks.Mrs. Jake Slaucrhter.of Emiis the guest of her sister, Mrs. A. J.Winters.-Mrc. D. C. Parrish, who has beenquite ill at her home on High street, isimproving.Mrs. Johnson Rogers will arrivetoday to visit Mrsi C. M. Clay at"Auvergne."Mr. P. Nippert, Jr., has returnedfrom a two weeks' trip to Cincinnatiand Louivsille.mm Mrs. S. E. Borland, who is quiteiil at her home on Convent Heights,does not improve.Miss May Mackey has returned toher home in Maysville after a visit toMiss Rosina Elder.Mrs- Sidney G. Clay will leaveSunday for Jacksonville, Fla., to visitMrs. John Bronson.Mrs. LouellaFryman, of Carlisle,is visiting her mother, Mrs. Mary E.Woods, in this citv.Mr. Bruce Miller left yesterdayf jr a visit to his sister, Mrs. HenryPreston, in Ashland.Mr. W. R. Hukill was in Frankfort yesterday the guest of StateAuditor Henry Bosworth.Mrt- Elliott Ford has returned tohf r home near this city after a visitto relatives in Frankfort.Miss Katharine Davis has returnedfrom a visit of a few days to VI rs.Bailey Berry in Lexington.Miss Lillie .Martin has returned toher home in Carlisle after a visiat toMrs. Martin O'Neal, in this city.Mrs. H. C. Howard left yesterlaymorning for Flint, Mich., to visit hersister-in-law, Mrs. W. D. Powers.Mr. and Mrs. James Duncan Bellreturned Wednesday night from Louisville where they attended the poultryshow.Mr. George C. Lancaster, ofOmaha, Neb ,is the guest of his brother, Mr. C. J. Lancaster, on Seventhstreet.Mrs Julia Frank and daughter,Miss Helen Frank, left yesterday forq trio to St. Aucustine and Jacksonville, ila.-Mrs. Rube Letton and daughter,Mrs. Frsnk Eedford, of this city, werenic nf MrG tco p. n.m ,n C-.ir.lisle Wednesday.Mr. and Mrs.and Mrs. Jesse iurney are tquestsof their son-in-law, Judge ;Robert H. Winn, of the Court of Ap-,peals in Frankfort. ' ;-Quite a number of people from !Oar.islP. Cvnthiana and Mil ersburirattended the performance of theGamblers" at the Paris Grand Tuesday evening.XJ1C JdulCo J L out; x. lgsuj Lilian 'church had an all day sewing Tuesday jin the lecture room of church. Ajde- jlightful lunch was served about noon jand the day wa spent pleasantly andMr. Joseph W. Davis, Mrs. Withers Daivs, Mrs. Amos Turney, Jr.. andMisses Anna May Daivs, Ailene Powerand'Katherine Davis were among theParisians who saw Madam Uuttery inLexington Tuesday.Mr. J T. Lynch, Superintendentof the Metropolitan Life InsuranceCompany in this 3ity, is visitingfriends in Cincinnati. Air. Lynch willgo to New York where he will attendthe annual banquet given y theMetropolitan Company.The Woman's Society of the Chris-;Roman's Society of the Chris-;jTzi'tian chuiwith Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay at herhome on Pleasant street. The meeting iwas largely attended.about fifty ladies .being present. Mrs. Robert Goggin, ithe president; presided, and much important business was transacted. After !the meeting "Mrs. Clay entertainedthe ladies with delightful refreshments, the dining room being lovely jwith a table centerpiece of pink car-'nations, silver dishes and I comforts of (confections, nuts and bon bons. Coffee, itea, chocolate, sandwiches and wafers jwere also served. ' jBIRTHS.Born, Wednesday to the wife ofMr. LouistT. Lilleston, nee McGrath,a daughter, Dorothy Marshal.Born, Tuesday to to the wife ofMr. George Mullins a son.True Weights and Measures.My scale and measures have beeninspected by the City Inspector ofVVeights and Measures, Mr. M. F.Kenney, 2nd he has pronounced themabsolutely correct. Let me supplyyour groceries, etc., and be assured ofaccurate weights and measures.JOHN SAUER.Move Sor Hourly Mail Service.An hourly mail seivice between Lexington ani the towns to which it isconnected by interurban lines is proposed and plans have been perfected.The" system propose and which theof&cials hope to put into execution areto run a United btates Mail car eacnLexington and paris, Frankfort,Nicholasville. Georgetown and Versailles. Carriers to Leave atn Hour LaterA notice received at the local postoctfie from Fourth Assistant Postmaster General Geo. L. Weed, is to theeffect that beginning February 1. allrural carriers will leave the Parisoffice for their daily delivery at 8o'clock instead of 7, which order hasbeen in effect for several months.This order applies to all the carriersecxept that of Route No. 2, whichleavei at 10:30 "o'clock. . , 'Th basket ball team of the ParisHigh Schooj wili met the strong teamof the Mayslick High School this even-: ,n in the iiigh bchool Gymnasium.iue conceBc promises to ne one or un-, usual interest owing to the fact thatfh d : u i i j a' during the present season winning one! J 1 iL. I , .1 ... i .and losing the last to the KichraondNormal School last Fri Jay evening inone of the best games played here. The! ceptional strength and each member isMaysJick team is said to be one of exa rapid pertormer. The Paris teamwill make an effort to retrieve theirlaurels lo3t in the last contest and inview of the fact that the members areputting in extra time preparing themselves for the contest tonight a lively&ame is promised. The girls' teams ofthe High School will go to Lexingtontomorrow, where they will meet theState College team tomorrow afternoon. Health Officer's Salary IncreasedDr. A. H. Keller, the city healthoeffier, was granted a handsome increase over his regular salary for theyear of 1912 by the City Council at itsmeeting last niqht. The increase inthe salary of the official was made upon the recomendation of the FinanceCommittee in view of the servicesrendered during the past year andwhile the epidemic of typhoid feverprevatiled in .this city. By Ja unanimous vote th'e Council increased thesalary of Dr. Keller to S40U which isfor his services during the past yearonly.The usual number of claims wereprestnted and after being allowedwere ordered paid. Several matters ofa minor importance were transactedafter which the Council adjourned.DEATH.Mr. James Allison, aged 73 years,died at the home of his son-in-law, Mr.tSlbeit Florence, near Old Union. Mr.Allison had been in feeble health forsome time hut the direct cause of hisdeath was pneumonia. The burial willtake pkee this morning at 11 o'clockin the Jacksonville cemetery.Mrs. William Shelton, aged 33years, residing in this county betweenParis and Winchester, died luesdaynight at 9:30 o'clock at the GoodSamaritan Hospital in Lexington, ofpneumonia. Mrs. Shelton had been atthe hospital only a few hours, havingbeen taken thre from her home lateTuesday afternoon.She has been quite ill for sevral daysand although her condition was knownto have been serious, her death wassudden and unexpected. Mrs. Sheltonis survived by her husband and severalchildren.j Mr. Evans Lloyd, aged 86 yars, awealthy and influential citizen of' (Mason county, aied at his home nearjliermaniown luesday night of heartMr. Lloyd had complained of' not feeling well on the night of hisdeath, and was found seated in a chairdead. He is survived by his wife andeight children, Mrs. Chas. O. Pickett,nt Omaha, Neb., Mrs. John C. Adam-f1-' ?f ashvle Tenn. Miss Alicrery iiuyu, or vexing-ton, and Mr. Dan H. Llovd. ofGermantown. Mr. Lloyd is well knownin this county and has many friendswho regret to learn of his death.TO-NIGHT !Friday,JanuaryEverybody's FavoriteTpf IZA rj-.. IT C Ale tiirl rrom U. b. L3d -Successful Season-3dClever CastComplete Scenic ProductionNo 1 Specialty NumbersPlay you cannot afford to miss12 big Sinking and Dancing numbers.First Time at Popular Prices.SEE FOR YOURSELFLowe'- Floor 50c; Balcony 35c ; Gallery 25c.LOST.Fawn colored cnglish bull bitch.Disappeared Tuesday of this week. Asuitable reward will be paid for her return or any information that will leadto her recovery. Apply at News office.THE FAIR!1912 Wall Paper.We are showing a nice line ofPaper in pretty patterns, from; 6 1-zc up.Box Paner snprLil'aper,. special 13cdrqt. Enameled Pans 7cWhite Table Oil Cloth . . . .15c ydStove Pans, large size 8cLarge Lamps, complete, with. No. 2 burner and chimney . 25c25c Window Shades 19cMail Boxes lfjcFeather Dusters 10c...THEFAIRFirsf Train Ccross New Bridge.Th twin bridge for the double trackacross Houston creek has been completed and was brought into serviceWednesday sfternoon when the northbound passenger train leaving here at3:40 made the initial trip across thenew structure. Lhe use or tne newbridge was necessary, owing to thefact that the old structure is undergoing afew minor repairs.Rents Scott County Farm.Mr. George Burke, residing rn thePenn farm on the Bethlehem pike hasrented the Showalter farm" nearGeorgetown, ard will move to Scottcounty March 1.ELECTRICFASH LIGHTS !Several Styles85c to $1.50Also Batteries fnd Supplies.Dauqherty Bros.j&3J. T" 'HIA NN0HNCEHENTOUR CLEARANCE ANDWhite GoodsSaleBegins Monday, January 22Ends Saturday, January 27.See1 Big Advertisement on Another Page.W. EdIFee's Cashspecial I ouay,National Oats,2 Packages ForFEE'SHINTONTHE HOME OUTFITTER.I Am Offerin;SomeSPEiOIA-JLi PRIGOn IVfy EntireDAVE N P0LINEFor Cash Buvers.I Carry the Very Best Makes4 V'11mfTucker IIIiII8V"eryRT2-It.i--Specials, jA.NOTES ?HE&D0WBR00KCouldn't Walk !mxernaiionai wasoime1 T7I "XT iT HTT71FARM"I used to be troubled with a weakness peculiar towomen," writes Mrs. Anna Jones, of Kenny, III. "Fornearly a year, I could not walk, without holding my sides.I tried several different doctors, but I grew worse. Finally,our druggist advised Cardui for my complaint I was sothin, my weight was 115. Now, I weigh 163, andf amnever sick. I ride horseback as good as ever. I am" infine health at 52 years."ENGINESVTAKEURDU ITheWomaifsTomcWe have thousands of such letters, and more arearriving daily. Such earnest testimony from those whohave tried it, surely proves the great value of this vegetable, tonic medicine, for women.Cardui relieves women's sufferings, and builds weakwomen up to health and strength. If you are a woman,give it a trial. It should help 'you, for it has helped a million others. It is made from pure, harmless, herb ingredients, which act promptly and surely on the womanly organs.It is a good tonic Try it! Your druggist sells it.Writ fn' Todies' Advisonr Dent.. Chattanooca Medicine Co.. Chattanooga. Tenn..lor Special Instructions, and 64-pace bock. "Home Treatment lor Women, " sent free. J 58Thirty Years Together.Thirty years of association, ttiinkof it. How the meiitof a good thingstands out in that time or the worth -iessnessof xl bad one. So there's nofraesswork in this evidence of Thos.Ariss, Concord, Mich, who writes:!"I have used Dr. King's 2Sew Dis-jcovery for'39 years, and its the bestcough and cold cure 1 ever used.'7 ,Once it finds entrance m a home youcan'c pry it out. Many families haveused it forty years. It's the most infallible throat and lung medicine onearth. Unequaled for lagrippe, asthma, hay fever, croup, quinsy, or soielungs. Price 50c and 1. Trial bottlefree. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.ITHE PARISQuicK Lunch andRestaurant,The Home of Good Cooking,For Ladies and GentlemenOpen Day and Night.343 Main StreetE. T. Phone 724 PARIS, KY.iHow's This?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of catarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.F. J. CENEY & CO., Toledo, 0.We, the undersigned, have knowjP. J. Cheney for the last 15 years anrbelieve him "perfectly honorable in albusiness transactions : an financiallyable to carry out any obligationmade by his firm.Walding, Kinnan & Marvin,Wholesale Druggists. Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Price 75c peibottle. Sold by all druggists.Tske Hall's Family Pills for constipation.NOTICETOBUTCHERS AND FARMERS!BLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel of the-Century, B. B. B. Tested for30 years. sDrives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical ingredents. To prove it we will send vou aSAMPLE .TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All sympthoms healquickly. Blood is mase pure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains ana itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sold by Varden & Son.Market Price I am' Paying ForI Hides:I Beef Hides, 10 1-4 to 11 1-2! j Cents per lb.i! MAX MUNICH,, 8th Street, PARIS, KY.J Call East Tenn. Phone 374Low Round TripRATES.Homeseekers' FaresTo points in Arizona, Arkansas,Louisana, Missouri, New Mexico,Oklahoma, Texas, Kansas, Nebraska,Montana, Michigan, :. Wisconsin,1 Alabama, Florida and Mississippi. Tickets on sale first and third Tuesdays ofeach month with final return limit 25days from date of sale except to destinations in Florida, final limit will he12 days from date of sale. Liberalstopovers allowed in homeseekpr territory. We also have on sale daily untilApril 30, 1912, with final return limitsMay 31, 1912 Winter Tourist tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida. Georgia,Louisana, New Meixco and Texas,with liberal stopovers aHcwed.For further information, call on orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.TWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentWe Are Showing for Pall and Winter StrictlyAN-Wool Worsted, Hand-Tailored' Suits at $10.00Handsome new Brown and Grey Worsteds and Cassimeresin the newest models, hand-tailored Suits, worth easily $20,oar Special $15.Overcoats ia every new cut and weave, prices range from7.50, 10, $12.50, $15, $18 and $20.We have taken the sale agency for the celebrated EmersonShoe, Brockton, Mass. This is the classiest $4 and $5 men'sShoe made.Also the French Shrine hand-made Shoes at 14.The reliable Douglas Shoes $2.50, $3, $3.50.Those rough, fuzzy hairy Hats, $2, $2.50, $3.Full line of Hawes Van Gal $3 Shoes.Monarch and Lair best $rShirt9 made.Chutt's $1.50 and $2 Shirts, new patterns.Lion Brand slip-easy Collars, 2 for 25c.Full line of Trunks, Suit Cases and Hand-bags.L. WOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.&et the eggs while fresh.Keep dirt out of the dairy.It alwavs uavs to treat, the cow -withItgentleness.It is an error to feed a horse onceonly in 24 hours.Both horses and mules should begiven daily exercise.One of the most common mistakesis underfeeding the dairy cow.The age for working colts varies,with size, strength and maturity.The life of a standard separator depends upon its care to a great extent.Rye hay, properly cured, makes anexcellent hay for horses, mules andcows.Going to the shop over icy roadswith smooth' shoes may ruin your besthorse.Shorthorns bred with good judgment today are the great ail-purposecattle.The best time to cut the tails aswell as castrate is when 'the lamb isa week old.Perhaps a banking of the cow barnaround the foundation would helpkeep out the cold.Any man who strikes a horse in thehead should .never be allowed totouch one again.The dairyman who puts a low valueon his skim-milk admits his inabilityin his profession.A regular time for salting the cowssummer and winter will keep you fromforgetting this chore.The farmer who makes an effort to ifill the corn crib and smokehouse each jyear generally succeeds.A properly trained horse will stop ,as soon as anything goes wrong with Jthe harness' or his shoes.Wild strawberries have the most idelicious flavor. They are easilytransplanted to the garden.There is no better place for growing pigs intended either for breedingor fattening, than the pasture.!Clean up the yard and farmstead igenerally. Plan to set out a few ;more ornamentals next spring.The development of the younghorse requires the exercise of thebest judgment in handling him.The cheapest ration for the dairycow is a combination of corn silage,alfalfa hay and cotton seed meal. 1!Oil-meal, properly fed, is consideredby our best stockmen to be one of ithe most nourishing foods that can be 'fed. jiA plump young turkey, dressing jfrom eight to fifteen pounds, finds amarket at almost any season of theyear.Good sheep require good care tomaintain their excellence. Poors sheep are always a burden upon the frest of the flock.Burnt or caustic lime is made byburning limestone, oyster shells andother such materials as are high inliming elements.If you have never tried rape,raise a email field next spring. Itis very popular with the hogs anddoes them a world of goodEwes that are broad and long willmake good mothers andproduce vigorous offsprings. In this way lambsof & better type will be produced.Butter in often of inferior qualitybecause churning ie -not done until ajftffjcient amount of - cream accumulates to make churning worth while.?'f Do you feed pumpkins, to yourcows? They have never beenknownto increase the flow of milk, but whata color it gives to the cream and thebutter!Keep your calves In clean separatepens for about four weeks, and thenif the weather permits, turn them outwith the herd, and they will not suckthe cows.It is advisable to place a box ofgrit or coarse sand where the tur-.keys can find it, as not , all farms h&vesufficient quantity for the purpose ofmod dieEtion. ' - 'All Types of Eusilage and Feed xCutting Machinery.Bourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th. and High Sts., Paris, Ky.ftProfessional CardsJJ. WIIiXiTAMS,ATTORNE Y- AT-L A W .itoom 1 Elks Buildinc.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Ottloe Phones )0le?k32JanuaryResidenceE. T. 334.Home 334.DR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices,Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld',gParis, - KentuckyMONEYIK ftfGWe tell you how, and pay best marketprices. "We are dealers; establishedin IS"!; and can Jc BETTER fcr youthan agents or commission merchant. References any bank in Louisville. "Write for weekly price list.Ftf. SA3EL & SOWS&.S3 E. Marks Si., LGUlSviLLE, KY.Dealers :n FL'HS, H?0HS, WOOL.STILL AT IT!Clearance SaleIn Dry Goods, Cloaks, Suits,Furs and Millinery .Now Going On.Come InWonderfuI BargainsIn All DepartmentsTWIN BROS.Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyThe Best ofHome-KilledMeats,Bacon, Lard, Ham,Beef, Pork, Etc.Margolen,Paris, Ky.One of the- Many PopufaShapes That We Are ShowingA moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for ''The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsthis season to" reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.C-isr-, !, .r V ..,::1 .-VV .1 III u.-v H,xMtillli'ov ; i-x; rj.! !' ; I ;:i -a V.U ..,-r ;:4jaTO USt.lr M3.-1-U P Us.o v 1lTk. i.vt umonejr. n) t.us.--;Ir. ttnu t t .'.if. Ul:' l,J.f t V ' ' tftey It v . . .- . ,.f"a. .As In..- r ii;e;c--T?n ti ;$ ur trtjaiettEn t c f5 H 'y, U'-JJ 5 Cta I-il.... Flstcls.f.ttn i. !lTln.c-J, Varii-oe-iy, fur. B)..o,llB1 umaas-r., Vict. S-it. .itia hator .V.."i? -l.Un, nr ir.r sca, !!P.eat thailias l-etn isa-iinr un t. r vct or luocil.j, xralstivstae tn-at.iieut o. arfo-is d-ciors acd drn'eitiuutil ton ure Cii.vnra-i ca!l an.I let us ulioTr??r?,..''ul"!k,t' ""ch t""h eta t-e cured bj theHliill V tatsneiuWS3S'Ff For frt. Question List endw t& 5 tii oot on Jitr.'a lust int.Ginsinnati. Men-Specialist Go,,521 Walnut St., Cincinnati, O.iimMrs. Blunderby Talks:Mrs. Blunderby (visiting) Yes,poor Jane, she recognizes r no one.She's been in a -i&tamose conditionfor two days. My dear, bring me acup of tea, will you? I prefer Oblong,If you have it. Boston1 Transcript.Parson's Poem a Gem." From Rev. h"" StdbenvollT"Allisori.Ia . in praise of Dr. King's New LifePills:"They're such a health necessity.In every home these pills should be.If other kinds you've tried in vain,USE DR. KING'SAnTbd:well again,Only ;25c at Oberdorfer's.FOR RENT.Store room on South-west cornerMain and Fifth streets. Immediatepossession. Apply to16 tf J. T. HINTON.Hot andColdBATHS'Hot and- cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.1NEW ORLEANSMOBILEMARDI QRASSPECIAL 1 REDUCED FARESTickets m sale February 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18 Wad 19 NG4 IttmralB tU March 2, 1912, witk PrirUH tf KxIibsUbSTOP OVERS AT ALL PRINCIPAL POINTSFOt FW.L PARTIGUURS. GALL ON AMY TICKET AGENT. OR WRITEH. C. KING, 4 W. A. BECKLER,PasMmaadTiclNtAfMt, GmmtsI Fhmcit At,. Phone 49. m E. Mata Sfrtet, LcciiictM, FCy. Iafslc BsMai, CkiCMMMti, O.THE BOURBON NEWS PARIS? KENTUCKY, JAN26, 1912.,TOBACCOHAULING....,We are prepared to haulTobacco to the markets atany point. No crop toolarge. We can furnish teamsand wagons.Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.IV3ART&N BROS.Eighth Street Both Phones.Cement For Sale.We have a few barrels of first classcement left that we will sell below themarket price.PARIS LUMBER & WF'G. CO.To My Friends and HomePeopleI have started a Magazine andNewspaper Agency. Lowestprices on all Magazines in circulation. I ask for your ordersand help in getting them fromyour friends.Sincerely,Mrs. Rosa V. Wallingford.Continued From Page 2)ror the present, at least, he was indisposed to question Dennison's willingness to use the weapon. O'Rourkewas to be kept quiet at all hazards,and he knew it full well; for once heconceded discretion the better part ofvalor, and was patient.CHAPTER XIV.J he Fastest Son of AHerton 2:09Sired by Allerton 2:09', the world's leading sire of standard performers;.am Katharina (great brood mare), by Alcyone 2:27; second dam KatieJackson; by Almont 33. Holder oi world's pacing record, miles, 3:154TERfvlS: $50 TO INSURE A LIVING FOALPeter(3) 2lz 16 1-4Son of Peter The Great 2:07,leading sire of futurity winners, dam Baron Lassie, by Baron Wilkes 2:18Winner of G-heafc race against aged horses.Terms: $50 to Insure a Living Foal.A. BACOM5 Paris,Ky,GENTLEMAN'SSHOEs i i ...orNettieton Shoeshave stood for trueeconomy to the manof moderate means;and to the man ofwealth, the best thatmoney could buy. Weare sole agents forParis.Our new Fall line in all leathersPatent Colt, Russia Calf and GunMetal now ieady for inspection.Geo. MP Wl lams.L. & N. TIME-TAEBLIN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11 :59 P. M.Trains jrrirveFROMAtlanta, Ga.. Daily 5.21 amLexington, Ky., Daily 4.34amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday : 7.85 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 amugLuii, . enced rough-and-readyViXlVilllllttUl, "1Y ' 1 j. 1 v. , 1 . . . -, jMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 am'fLUUe joerea ms neaa ana,Lexington, Ky Daily 10.15 am : bellowing like a bull, launched him-Cincinnati, 0.", Daily . 10.24 am self toward O'Rourke.Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sundaj' 12.00 am I The Irishman met the onslaughtCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pm v,ith a stinging uppercut; which, nev-Maysviue, i., uauy jxuepu ouuucij , ertheless, failed to discourage' thecaptain, who grappled and began to.3.34 pmNo.34134297101037312332625)13S3S539308321431No. -TO .34' Cincinnati. O., Daily : 5.28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday o.3o am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .'. . 7.47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday S.20 amnio Trv "nnilv Etcenfc Sundav 8.20 ami TTir rnilv w.ov am.... .i 9.55 am".' 10.24 amT;-f TTir rioiiv : w.t amMaysville, K., DailyCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except SundayLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday38 Cincinnati, O. , Daily t ; r "9 "Rowland "RV. Dailv Excent SundayLexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday. o.t pmCincinnati, O., Daily ., .lu pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday n.lo pmLexington, Ky., Daily : o2NDmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .t.2o pmLexington, K., Daily PmAtlanta, Ga., Daily. 10-' PraIn the face of the fact that the importation' of hashish into Egypt hasbeen declared illegal by KhedLval legislation, the drug is always to be obtained in the lower dives of Alexandria, Cairo and Port Said if one onlyknows where to go and how to (askfor it. Manufactured in certainislands of the Grecian Archipelago, itis mysteriously exported under thevery noses of complaisant authoritiesand, eluding the rigor of Egyptiancustoms, as well as the vigilance ofEgyptian spies, finds its way to thefellaheen among other avid, consumers; speaking baldly, is smuggled intothe land. Customs inspections, furthermore, are as severe as might beexpected by anyone acquainted withthe country and its 'inhabitants aswas O'Rourke.He felt, then, no sort of surprise atthe brevity of the official" visitation.The inspector, accompanied by anexcessively urbane and suave CaptainHole, consciously but brieflyff.anced into the hold, asked a fewquestions which would Jiavo beenpertinent had they not been entirelyperfunctory, and took his leave.From the gangway the captainturned back directly to his first officer and the latter's charge. Hearingbis approaching footsteps, O'Rourkegathered himself together- and sura-smoned all his faculties to his aid."Troublesome?" demanded Hole,pausing.HTot a syllable," said the mate."7h' mon's sensible. I ha'c me doubtsbut he's, too canny altegither.""Peaceful as a byby, eh? Well,"ravagely, " 'ell learn wot for. Get up,;-om Irish" -. ,- --...O'Rourke lay passive under the. term of Hole's profanity. He hadell but closed his eyes, and was watchthe pair from beneath his lashes.Failing to elicit any response," Wni't 'e moved?" demanded the captain. '"Xot a muscle "'Shammin'! 'Ere, I'll show 'im."'O'Rourke gritted his teeth and sup-i i pressed a groan as the toe of Hole'sneavy boot crashed into his ribs."Th' mon's nae shamming," Denni-, ron declared. "He's fair fainted.""Fainted hell!" countered the cap-tain. "Give 'is arm a twist, Dennij son." - J1 The mate calmly disobeyed. The jarm-twist desired by the captain re- j. quires the use of the twister's two j; hands, and stoutly as he defended his !opinion, the first officer was by.no jmeans ready to put up his revolver, jHe advanced and bent over the 'Irishman, who lay motionless, his up-1'7per lip rolled back to show his Iclenched teeth. "Heugh!" exclaimed .the first officer, peering into his face, 1ins tone expressive or the liveliestconcern. Without further hesitationhe dropped the revolver into his pocketand received a tremendous short-armblow in the face.With a stifled cry he fell back.I clutching at a broken nose, and! Fprawled at length; while O'Rourke,i leaping to his feet, deliberately puti a heel into the pit of Dennison's stom: ach, thereby effectually eliminatinghim as a factor in the further controj versy. Simultaneously he advancedupon Captain Hole.But in the latter he encountered nomean antagonist. The man it hasbeen said was as tall as and heavierrhan the adventurer, and by virtue ofhis position a competent and experi-fighter.vessel's- side, down into the Stygianblackness of the harbor water; a' goodclean dive, cutting the water withhardly a splash, he went down like, ananyw, gradually swerving from thestraight line of his flight into a longarc so long, indeed, that he w'aswell-nigh breathless when he came tothe surface, a dozen yards or morefrom the Pelican.Spitting out the foul harbor water,and with a swiit glance over his shoulder that showed him the Pelican'sdark freeboard like a wall, and acluster of dark shapes hanging overthe rail at, the top vaguely revealedby lantern light, he struck out for thenearest vessel, employing the doubleoverhand stroke, noisy but speedy.That he heard no cry when he cametb the surface, that Hole had not detected him by the phosphorescence,and tlrat he had held his hand from .firing, at -first puzzled O'Rourke; buthe reasoned that Hole probably fearedto raise an alarm and thereby attractmuch undesirable attention to himselfand his ship. In the course of the firstfew strokes, however, he managed topeep again over his shoulder, and fromthe activity on the Pelican's decksconcluded that he was to be pursuedby boat; which, in fact, proved to bethe case.Fortunately the Pelican rode at anchor in waters studded thick withother vessels, affording plenty of hiding places on a night as black as that.The adventurer made direct for thefirst vessel, swam completely aroundit, and by the time the Pelican's boatwas afloat and its rowers bending tothe oars, he was supporting himself bya hand upon the unknown ship's cable,floating on his back with only his facecut of water.Under these conditions, it -wassmall wonder that the boat missed himso completely?At length . rested, the Irishman released his hold and struck out forland at an easy pace.Eventually hs gained the end of aquay, upon which he drew himself fora last rest and to let his dripping garments drain a bit ere venturing abroad i pursuing rabblein the streets.Not until then, strangely enough,did it come to him with its full force,how he had been tricked and playedupon from the very beginning. And hecwore bitterly when he contemplated; his present position of a pennilessoutcast in a city almost Avholly strangeto him, without friends (save indeed,Danny wherever he might be), with-"The 'Irishman Was Upon Him "137 Lexington, Ky., Daily.37 Knoxville, Tenn. , Daily .33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily.133626253032813303113Lexington. Kv.. DailyMame Ky bally . I ! J ." .' ! ! : pm i belabor O'Rourke with short, stabbingCincinnati, O . Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pm ; blows on the side of the head, at theLexington, Ky., Daily - 6,03 pm ! same time endeavoring to trip him.Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday.'. 6.03 am t The fury of his onset all but carriedJacksonville, Fla., Daily 6 05 pm the Irishman off his feet. At the sameLexington, Ky.. Daily jn'-n pm,time Jt defeated Hole's own purpose.Cincinnati, P., Daily. 10:0 pm 0'Rourke watched his chance, seizedrj-pZj ."j XDOOSb!2?"fc ' the man's throat with both hands and,iiuicuiug mo fciijj, iiilcu nunoff his feet and shook him as a terrier shakes a rat. Then. Vith a gruntof satisfaction, he threw the captainfrom him and turned to face greaterodds.The noise of the conflict had broughtthe crew down upon the contestants,j Surrounded, he was rushed to' the rail..12.0o pm , . . . , .12 04 am reserve of strength and, poising him-. .3.554 pm self' began to give his assailants per-. .'3.4o pm ! sonal and individual attention. They..5.52 pm 1 pushed him close, snarling and cursing, hindering one another in theireagerness, and suffering variously fortheir temerity. O'Rourke fought withtrained precision; his blows, lightningquick, were direct from the shoulderand very finely placed ; and so straightdid he strike that almost from thefirst his knuckles were torn andbleding from their impact upon fleshand bone. ,Fight as fiercely as he might, however, the pack was too heavy for him;and when presently he discerned, notin one but in half a dozen hands,out a place to lay his head, lackingeven a change of clothing. His kitbox was aboard the Pelican and likelyto remain there, for -all he could doto the contrary; in his present state,10 apply to the authorities "or to attempt to lodge a complaint againstIn a i Captain Hole would more likely thannot result in incarceration on a chargeof vagrancy more real than technical.And the Pool of Flame! Hefunded with impotent rage when he Jsaw how blindly he had stumbled into jHole's trap, how neatly he had per-mitted himself to be raped of the jewel. For in the light of late events hecould' not doubt but that Hole hadsought him out armed with the knowledge that O'Rourke was in possessionof the priceless jewel more thanprobably advised and 'employed by DesTrebes; assuming that he had failedto inflict a mortal wound upon thatadventurer."Aw, the divvle. the divvle!" complained O'Rourke- "Cure, and 'tis apretty mess I've made of it all, now!"Hole himself leaped from the boatupon the end of te .quay and sent ayell echoing' after the fugitive."Hey!" he roared. "Stop 'im! Deserter! Thief! Stop thief!"The black was facing O'Rourke inJan instant, but simultaneously theIrishman was upon him and had putan elbow smartly into his midriff inpassing, all but toppling the man backwards into the harbor.It had been well for him had he succeeded. As it was the fellow savedhimself by a hair's breadth and thenext minute was after O'Rourke, yelling madly.The Irishman showed a fleet pair ofheels, be sure; but, undoubtedly, thedevil himself was in the luck thatnight! Who shall describe in whatmanner a rabble springs out of thevery cobbles of Alexandria's streets?Men, women, naked children and yapping pariah dogs, fellaheen, Arabs, Bedouins from the desert, Nubians,Greeks, Levantines the fugitive hadnot covered two-score yards ere a mobof such composition was snapping athis calves.Turning and twisting, dodging anddoubling, smiting this gratuitous enemy full in the face, treating the nextas he had the limb of the law (andleaving both howling), he seized thefirst opening and swung into a narrowback-way, leading inland from the waterfront. He ran as seldom he had run before, straining and laboring, stumbling,recovering and plunging onward. And,by the gods, wasn't it hot! Thekhamsin raved and tore like "a spiritof hell-fire through that narrow alley,turning it into a miniature inferno.But in the course of seme minutes,the end of the tunnel came in view;a lighted rift between house valis,giving upon the illuminated street beyond. The sight brought forth a freshburst of speed from O'Rourke. Hedashed madly out cf the allev,stumbled and ran headlong into astrolling Greek, who grappled withhim, at first in surprise and then inresentment, while the clamor of theshrilled loud andnear and ever nearer.Exhausted as he was, the Irishmanstruggled with little skill before hemastered his own surprise; and in tneend saw his finis written along theblade of a thin, keen knife which theGreek nad whipped from the folds ofhis garments and jerked threateninglyabove his head. --It was falling when O'Rourke sawIt. In another breath he had beenstabbed. Unexpectedly the Greekshrieked, dropped the knife as thoughft had turned suddenly white-hot inhis hands, and leaped back fromO'Rourke, nursing a broken wrist;while a voice as sweet as the singingof angels rang in the fugitive's ears,though the spirit of its melody wasI simple and crude enough.; "O'Roiirke, be all th' powers! Themasther himself! Giory, ye beggar,'tis sorry I am that I didn't split theugly face of ye wid me sthick!. . . This way, ycr honor! Comewid me!"Blindly enough (indeed the worldwas all awhirl about him) O'Rourke,his arm grasped by a strong and confident hand, permitted himself to beswung to the right and across thestreet. In a thought blackness againwas all about him, but the handgripped his arm, hurrying him onward ;f and he yielded blindly to its guidancewithout power, for that matter, toquestion or to object; what breathhe had he sorely needed. And as blindly he stumbled on for perhaps anotherhrndred yards, while the voice of therabble made hideous the night behind them. Hardly, indeed, had thetwo whipped into the mouth of theback-way ere it was choked by aswarm of pursuers. But "Niverfear!" said the voice at his side." 'Tis ourselves that'll outwit them.. . . Here, now, yer honor, do yego straight on widout sthoppin' ontilye come to an iron dure in a dead wallat the end av this. Knock therewance, count tin. and knock again.I'll lead 'em away and be wid ye againin a brace av shakes!"Benumbed by fatigue and exhaustion, O'Rourke obeyed. He was awarethat his preserver with a wild whoophad darted aside into a cross-alley, buthardly aware of more. Mechanicallyhe blundered-on until brought up byh wall that closed and made a cul-de-sacof the way.With trembling hands he felt beforehim. fingers encountering the smooth,cool surface of a sheet of metal. This,then, was the door. As caretully asIF", dte O-TIME-TABT iTIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trains Arrive"KTrt FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.13 am j gleams of light-tlie rays of a near-by4 Franlrfm Dnilv FxceDt Sunday .-J 40 pm lantern running down Knife-blades8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday .5.50 pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10.00 pmTrains Depart'....7.10 am.7.43 am-T- TO1G1 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only. . . . ... ....i- -rc o t i mi Tim'ltf Uvnonr, SlinnaV1 F ankforfc Kv. Daily Except Sunday.... ........ .;;r..s-.i ...... .9;53 ami instant 'then dived' far out fromthe3 Frankfort, Ky, Daily Except Sunday... v v. ;r. 9- amhe conceded the moment imminentwhen he must sever his connectionwith the Pelican. Moreover he had ashrewd suspicion that Hole was upand only waiting for. an opening to usehis revolver.Leaping to, the rail, he poised an! Saying which he rose and clambered I h w h klioeked count(1 ten," andj u uie tup oi m qua -uu nie miC knoqked again while the mob thatiiiu.il guuu nui in ncn ui iufact that the splashing of oars, thedimly outlined shape of a boat head-ing directly for his refuge, had sud- j nea;d V"th a smiIe e shrillueniy Decome visioie. ui course, ilmight not be the Pelican; butO'Rourke was too thoroughly im-had lusted for his blood trailed offdown the side alley in frantic pursuiti of his generous preserver. And hethem furtherpressed with the conviction that thelaws of coincidence were workingagainst him, just then at any rate, tobe willing to run. unnecessary risks.Chance, too, would have it thatthere should be an arc-light ablazeprecisely at the foot of the pier, beneath which stood, clearly defined inthe white glare, the figure of a hulking black native representative of themunicipal police, whom O'Rourke mustpass ere he could gain solid earth.For this reason- he dared not betrayevidences of haste; his appearancewas striking enough in all conscience,without any additional touches. So hethrust his hands into his pockets andsauntered with a well-assumed buti defiant Irish yells lurin;i upon' the false scent."If 'tis not Danny." gasped the adventurer, "then myself's not theO'Rourke! Bless the lad!"r Continued in our INext jft111you knowthat you aregetting theone preparation thathas stoodthe test for Mover thirtyfive yearsand still remains the Standardtonic-food-medicine,used and recommendedby the medical profession the world over.sonis the embodiment ofelements that make forgood health andstrength.nAI.I, DRUGGISTS11-23Uplifting Thoughts."A man can only rise, conquer, andachieve by lifting up his -thoughts.He can only remain weak,, and abject,and miserable by refusing to lift uphis thoughts." James Allen.Cured by the iVfaryel of f theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, folli breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send jron aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous bobit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idiocr and insanity. 16needs attention at once. Cure it bvtaking Botaric Blod Balm (B, B B.")It is a quick, radical, permanentcure becausft it rids the system of thepoison germs that cause catarrh. AttKe same tima Blood Balm (B. B. B,)purines the blood, does away "withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, richrpure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth a.n3strength just where it is needed, andtn teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largeNbottle, with directions for heme cureSamples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.Her Preference.Consistency, thou art a jewel, batthe average woman would rather hTja diamond. Washington Post.' Kill More Than Wild Beasts.- The number of people killed yearlyby wild beasts don't approach thevast number killed by disease germs.No life is safe from their attacks.They're in air, water, dust, even foodBut graad protection is afforded byElectric Bitters,which destroy and expel these deadly disease germs fromthe system. That's why chills, feveraud ague, all malarial and many blooddiseases yield promptly to this wonderful blood purifier. " Try them andenjoy the glorious health and newstrength they'll give you. Money backsf not satisfied. 25c at Oberdorfer's.Foreign Goods.Assistant Inspector Say, Mr.praiser, here's a lady whose kidthe German measles. What'sduty on 'em? Harper's Weekly.Annas thei. Covered the Ground.A' man who was dunned by a bookseller for a book delivered some timebefore, returned the bill with thiswritten on it: "I never ordered thisbook. If I did, you did not send it.If I got it, I paid for it. If I didn't,I won't."Importance of SeJf-Control."The ability to restrain appetite,nascinns nn p'no nnri tPTYl'npr tn "hA.. f .--A J . , " D " " ,perhaps not wholly convincing air of ; their masttr and not their slave in anonchalance toward the officer. word, absolute self-control is also ofThe latter remained all unsuspiciousuntil and then the mischief of it, "vyusthat, O'Rourke was - still . a -lull fivevards .the. wrone side .of the., man-first importance. One who can notgovern himself Is unfitted to govermo.thersV' -Marshall Field.MAY PROVE FATAL4the Importance o! It.Backache is onl a'simple thin'g atfirst .But if you find 'tis from the kidneys;That serious kidney trcuoies mayfollow ;lhat dropsy, Blight's disease maybe the fatal end,You will g'adiy prom oy tne ionowing experience.'Tis the honest statement of asufferer who was cured.Mrs. Mary Fitzburger,' W. Mainstreet, Carlisle, Ky., says: "I canrecommend Doan's Kidney Pills veryhighly. My kidneys were disorderedfoi years, causing my back -to acheseyerely. There was soreness throughmy hips and loins and I also had troublefrom the kidney secretions. Doan'arr-. 1 fl?11 1 LL .iVianey rills uruugui me xowcx?ind I might also add that anothermembei of my family also used themfor weak kidneys and was helped ir.aMke manner. I am fully convincedthat Doan's Kidney Pills are the bestremedy to be had for kidney coraDlaint." For sale by all dealers. Price 50cent. ' Foster-Milburn Co., Buafflo.N7ew Ycik, sole agents for the UnitedS ates.Kememher the name Doan s amitatfe co;bther. -THE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. ,26, 1912rFACTORYCLEARANCESRLEISaturday, January 20th,At 8 O'Clock, p. m., We Opened Our Doors WithSale That Eclipse Anything Ever BeforeAttempted in Paris.aiSeveral large Eastern manufacturers, anticipating arecord-breaking holiday trade, stocked heavily so as totake care of 4 'hurry orders." The unseasonable weatherand the lack of snow in December, throughout the entirecountry, affected the Shoe industry more than other lines,and "hurry orders" were few and far between. Ourbuyers, always on the spot, finally induced them, owingto our immense outlet, to consign these goods to DanCohen to be converted into ready money.if You Value Money, Sf You Value Shoe Comfort, andIf You Value Style, We Advise YouTo Come At Once.One Lot Ladies' $1 .75 and $2 values in Patent Colt,Gun Metal and Kid, button and lace, ClSale PriceLadies' $1 .25 Congress Sippers, madeof soft Kid, tip or plain toe, Sale Price ...69cLadies' 60c Storm RubbersSale Price39cOne Lot of Ladies' $2.50 and $2.75 values includessome of the latest style 1 6-ButtonBoots, in Gun Metal and Patent,Reduced to$1.99One Lot Ladies' new stvle 16-Button Boots, madein Tan, Gun Metal, Patent Colt andVelvet, $3.50 value, Reduced to...XVII UUUIJ) IllUUb$2.49Misses' $2 and $2.25 values inMetal, aud Kid, button and lace,Reduced to ..150 pairs Misses' $1.25 to $1.75values, atiPatent Colt, Gun$1 .49 1Grown Girls' hieh 16-Button Boots Patent and GunMetal, school heels, $2.50 values,Reduced toI UlCIIl U 1 1 VI V.IUII$1.89Boys' and Youths' Box Calf Shoes,sizes, 1 1-2 to 5 1-2, Sale Priceall99c IOne Lot Boys' $2.00 Boxsizes, high cuts included,Sale Price 'Calf Shoes, some odd$1.49$1.49One Lot Infant's Soft Soles, 25c value, at 9cMisses' Storm Rubbers, at 39cOne Lot Men's Tan and Black, heavy CIOHigh Cuts, $3 value, Reduced to 1One Lot Men's $2 and $2.50 Shoes,broken sizes, Reduced toOne Lot Men's Patent and Gun Metal Shoes,$4.00 values,Reduced toOne Lot Men's 3-Buckle All-Rubber Jrrl K.KJ) l?J ,JJ TUiU, vuOnk Lot Men's Cloth Buckle QQCArctics, atOne Lot Men's Patent $4 Walk- rt O i QOver Shoes, Reduced to J I wOne Lot Men's Patent Shoes, broken sizes, QQC$2.00 to $3.00 values, at JDA IN COM EN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky.IMILLERSBURG ITEMS.Mrs. YV. S. Judy was a visitor inLexington yesterday.Mr. J. J. Peed was on the Lexingtontobacco market Tuesday.Mr. J. T. Adair left Monday for thepoultry show at Louisville.Mies Crain. student at M. F. C. leftfor her home at Helena Tuesday.Mr. W. M. Lay son is spending acouple of weeks at Martinsville, Id.Mrs. Georgia Judy, of Carlisle, isthe guest of her son, Mr. W. S. JudyMr. T. T. Bentley visited relativesat Mt. Olivet from Monday to Wednesday.Charlotte, the little daughter of Mr.and Mrs. J. P. Redmon, is quite illwith stonach trouble.Mr. M. r uoiiier was a visitor inLexington yesterday and attended theloose leaf tobacco sales.Messrs. S R. Allen and E. H. Kerrwere on the Maysville tobacco marketTuesday and Wednesdays.Mrs. C. W. Howard, of Lexington,arrived Wednesday for a visit to hersistres, the Misses Mclntrye.Mr. W. G. Leer received an uglycut on his fGot Tuesday by a hay knifefalling from a rick cn his foot.Mrs. Mary Dalzell left for her homein Kansas Ciiy Wednesday after several veeks visit to relatives here.Mr. J. G. Smedley returned Wednesday after a two weeks' sojourn atMartinsville, Ind , much improved.Mrs. W. D. Mclntyre and littledaughter, Sarah Lee, left Tuesday forseveral (Jays' visit to rer sister, Mrs.Gaines Dudley, at Carlisle.Mrs. Fannie Norton entertained thefollowing ladies a few days ago with adining: Mesdames Mary Dalzell, Karsas, LJessie Norton and Mrs. Potts,Cariisk.We are agents for th genuine Oliverbreaking plow. None better on themarket. Full line of fieid seeds, feed,e'c. Both phones 62.BUTLER & MILLER.Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Strode, ofChester, Montana, whu are visitingher parents, Squire and Mrs. A. C.Ball, left Wednesday for a "week'svisit to rilaties in Mason county. jThe many friends of Miss Ella BMetcalfe will regret to learn that she jis critically ill at 'her home in Maysr ,ville. She has many friends here andis one of Maysville's must prominenteducators. IDon't forget Dante's "Inferno'1 at;the Opera House tonight. One of the ;most popular as well as the most jprofitable moving picture displays on jthe road. Reserved seats 35 cents,general admission 25 cents, children15 cents. ' jThe trial of Oliver Hazelrigg, whowas charged with taking coal from the1Letton school house last week, was 1called Wednesday morning- at ten io'clock. Mr. Hazelrigg waived exami-.nation and the case wil go before the 'next Bourbon county grand jury. Hewas released on $200 bond. ;flourbon Exhibitors Win Prizes.Bourbon exhibitors at the poultryshow held in Louisville this weekmade a very good showing and on triefowls exhibited a number of awardswere made. Following is the list ofBourbon exhibitors who secured premiums :White Leghorns Dr. C. J. Claik,third on cockrel and first on pen.Barred Plymouth Rock C. M. Clay,Jr., first and fourth on pullet and, second on pen.Buff and Black Orpingtons J. Duncan Bell, first and third on cocks, second and third on hens and second or.cockrel.White Orpingtons Mrs. Walter Kenney, one entry, second on cjckrel.Turkeys. Bronze Talbott & Gait-skill, four first premiums and two second premiums ; Mrs. Walter Kenney,second and third on pullets.Turkeys. Narragansett Talhutt &Gaitskill, second on cock and cockrel.Turkeys, Slate-Talbott & Gaitskill,all awards.True Weights and Measures.My scales and measures have beeninspected by the City Inspector ifWeights and Measures, Mr. M. F.Kentiey, and he has pronounced . themabsolutely correct. Let me supplyyour groceries, etc., and be assured ofaccurate weights and measures,tf JOHN SAUER.Tobacco Going to Market.Wagons of tobacco have been passing through the city in the past fatdays in large numbers enorute to theloose leaf markets in Lexington.Take No Part in Election.A local option election wes held inGeorgetown yesterday in which the"drys" tcok no part whatever butwhich they have announced beforehandthey will contest because they say ijwas inadequately advertised. The"wets" sent out a band wagon andpolled all the votes they cculd get, theresult being 572 wet.Fire Destroys Piano Store.The piano store of Mr. Henry Preston, of Ashland, was gutted by fireTuesday night entailing a heavy loss.The store contained a number of finepianos, phonographs and suppiles andi a stock nf furniture. Mr. Preston is a! brother-in-law of Mr. Bruce Miller, olI this city.The February Woman's HomeCompanion.The February Woman's Home Companion contains a remarkable snortstory entitled "The Way;" by JulieWilbor Tompkins. It is a story thathas. aroused a tremendous discussionover the question as to how much of asacrifice one woman could or wouldhave the right to make for her friendwho is in trouble.In the same number there are several articles worthy of special comment.One entitled "The Open Market inDes Moines," is a report of a movement in Iowa which has already reduced the cost of living in severalcities and towns of that state andseems to offer a suggestion to manyother communities. It is an article ofuniversal importance. Another valuable article in the February Companion is one entitled "The Girl Witha Voice," in which a professionalopera singer gives a graphic accountof the long road that young womenmust travel who seek a musical career.It is an article filled with facts aboutactual cases. Other interesting articlesin the number are: "The Little Princess," a character sketch of the onlydaughter of the Emperor of German :The Lost Aphrodite or Jimdos;"Outdoor Photographs at Night;""Sweethearts and Wives:" "TheHealthy Babj," and 'a sermon byCharles E. Jefferson, pastor of theBroadway Tabneracle in New YorkCity.The dressmaking and housekeepingdepartments are as usual filled withinteresting facts and practical sug-g-cstons. Grace M. Gould, who conGucts the fashion department, contributes an article this month entitled"What Men Are Wearing."Clay Offers Another Bill.Hon. Sidney G. Clay in tle Houseyesterday offered a bill to submit tothe people an amendment to section201 of the. Constitution, providing thatone railroad company may purchasethe line of another, where such linepurchased is less than 100 miles inlengthThis bill would cure the trouble theL. & N. Railroad Company is havingwith the operation of the line fromFrankfort to Patris.Kill More Than Wild Beasts.The number of people killed yearlyby wild beasts don't approach thevast number killed by disease germs.No life is safe from their attacks.They're in air, water, dust, even foodBut grand protection is afforded byMr. and Mrs. Aaron McConnellentertained Thursday in honor of the ! Electric Bitters, which destroy and exsecond anniversary of their marriaere pel these deadly disease germs fromThe following guests were present:Mr. George Frank, Miss Nannie GilJ,Maysville; Miss Gardner, Paris; Mesdames E. B. Taylor, T. T. Bentley,Messrs. J. H. Burroughs and .R. M.Caldwell, Millersburg.the system. That's why chills, feveraud ague, all malarial and many blooddiseases yield promptly to this wonderful blood purifier. Try them andenjoy the glorious health and newstrength they'll give you. Money backf not satisfied. 25c at Oberdorfer's.jNo Place for Culture of Tobacco.! That Kentucky soil is best fitted fori the culture of tobacco and that itrank second to no place, in the UnitedStates as a State where the weed canbe produced at a profit by the grow, ers, is evidenced by the statement ofMr. R. A. McVey.who has just returned from Missouri, where a few years' ago, following the movement to cut( ut the tohacco crop f..r a season tobac:o;growers in large numbers movedfrom this county for the purpose of' establishing- themselves in that State1 to raise tobacco.i The trlowintr accounts of the advantages offered by the Missouri tobaccobelt, according to Mr. McVey, havebeen the means of inducing the gtowI ers. to seek the new fields, and riskj their interests in the Eldorado of toI bacco interests, but to the man theyj are deep in the regret that they madeI the venture' and many would be glad! to return to Kentucky.Several years ago Mr. McVey, who !had been doing well in the culture ofI tobacco in this county, was induced by ithe accounts of the superior prospectsi htld out by the Missouri tobacco belt ;to sell his interests here'and move intothe new field. He raised several crops Iof tobacco on a farm which he had ii purchased near Weston, Mo., but as a :result of his efforts, found himself to !Woodpecker's Hearing.It is not easy to explain Avhy woodpeckers select one tree rather thanothers of. the same kind in the forest upon which to begin their operations, or why they attack one side of atree and leave the other untouched.Commonly it will be found, no doubt,that worms or ants are concealed beneath the point selected and that thewoodpecker is guided in his search bythe sense of hearing.Ground Broken for New Depot.Ground was broken this week forthe new L & N. passenger depot inCarlisle. The structrue will cost inthe neighborhood of $15,000. Messrs.Bappert & George, the local brick contractors, have the contract for thebrick work and the firm of January &Connell will furnish the roofing. Assoun as the foundation is completedthe contractors will begin work.Big Tobacco Deal.One of the largest deals of leaftcbacco in the Louisville market wasconsummated Monday when the Louisville Tobacco Warehouse Company soldB. J. O'Brien & Co., 5,000,000 poundsof dark tobacco for export mostly toEngland. The weed, for which approximately 400,000 was paid, is ofunfired type from Warren, Barren andadjoining territory, and is this year'sleaf. During the latter part of December Mr. O'Brien closed a large contract to supply the French Governmentwith Kentucky tobacco, and part willgo to that country.The Paper Wedding.The "paper wedding" marks thecompletion of the second year ofmarried life, and is sometimes thefirst one celebrated, since the cottonanniversary seems to offer very fewpossibilities in the way of unique entertainment. For the paper weddingwe can decorate our rooms and tablewith some of the beautiful paperflowers that are now being modeledmost exquisitely after the naturalflowers. Harper's Bazar.v. Presence of Mind.Watching her house burn down, thwoman suddenly bethought her thatshe had written cut a check and leftFortunately shecould, remember the number of itsheue uie owner ot nuuiing except a saa It lving on her deskexpenenceu ana use conviction mati Missouri wflQ nrih tho nlapo fin thei onihirp nf tnhnnon Cn hp nam .nnh 1 2S1. "With rare presence of mind'Kentucky with his family to start i at once called up the bank. "PleaseI anew. j stop payment on check numberedMr. McVey says there is quite a 2S1!" she directed, with the crisp brev' colony of Bourbun county people i tv characteristic of those balanced.settled in the neighborhood of Weston, jB0'us who know exactiy what the?l Mo., and all have had experiences sirri-, f pT,lar to his own. and would be glad to j want. i uck. .1 get back to Kentucky if they could pay i 4, their transportation. He also says 'j that disappointment alone awaits the .man who abandons the tobacco fields of 'Kentucky for those of Misouri. Mr. ;' McVey will rent" a farm in Bourbon!I and will reside here permanently. jRaid Gambling Resort.The Georgetown police Sunday nightraided a gambling resort in the Lancaster Hotel. Fifty-one men and boyswere taken in the raid. A young manwho lost a considerable sum of moneyin the place was refused a loan by oneof the proprietors and he gave the tipto the officers. Aside from the numbercaptured the police have the names oftwenty others who have participatedin the game. Thirty-one of the youngmen appeared in court Tuesday morning, pleaded guilty and were fined $20each.W. O. Miller and his son, Bert Miller, were held over to the grand juryunder $500 bond for running a game jfchance, while a similar charge againstClaude Hudson and Ed Henry was dismissed. Maplehurst Stnllions.The well known Kentucky breeder,Warren Bacon, of Paris, has a highclass pair of stallions in the stud athis farm in Locanda, 2:02, the fastestson of the great Allerton, 2-09 1-4, andPeter Billiken. 3, ;2:16 1-4, by Peterthe Great, 2:07 1-4. Both have extreme speed, breeding and individuality to recommend them. Locandatook his record of 2 :02 in a race and isalso the holder of the world's pacingrecord for one and one-halt miles of3:15 1-4. His sire. Allerton, 2.09 1-4.is the world's leading star of standardperformers with 232 to his credit, whilehis dam is the great broodmare,Kathrina, by Alcyone, 2:27, sire ofMcKinney, 2:11 1-4, the world's lead-ing sire of 2 :10 speed. Lopanda is thesire of Locanda's daughter,2 :24.i Peter Billiken was one of the best ofthe Peter the Great three year oldscampaigned the past season. He wona six heat race against aged horsesi over a half mile track and could havej trotted a two lap course in 2:13 orbetter. That he could h?ve turned aj mile course in 2:10 or better i3 bayondj doubt. His dam is Baron Lassie byj Baron Wilkes, 2:18, second dim Annaj Sharp.a producer.by Nutwood, 2:18 1-2;' third dam Eden Lassie, great broodj mare, by Dorsey Golddust. He is aj sitxeen-hand coir, weighing 1,200j pounds and a fine individual in everyway. Mr. bacon bred mm to a tewmares when he was a two year old andhas some weanlings by him that aresure enough trntters. Both stallionswill be in the stud the coming seasonat a service fee of $50 to insure a living colt.RHEUMATISMCured by the Marvel of t!aeCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Achincr bones, swollen ioints rjermi-nently cured throuh the blood withpure tsotonical ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the ley,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movirgaround so you have to use crutche;blood thin or skin pale; skin itchesand burns; shifting pains; bad breathlumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will remov?every sympthom, because B. B. E,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it 1needed, and in this way making a.perfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ..?cures of rheumatism after all othermedicines, liniments and doctetuhave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with d:rcctions for home cure.3 -.in:.:; free by writing Bhi. vi d Atlanta, Ga. DescribeVD'i iv:iiiA? i:d free medical adviceSi,y Varden & Son.Active Campaign for TenYeaPooLThe Burley Society officials hav?decided to open an active campaign t.secure signatures to the new ten-yearpooling pledge and will begin nextweek with a series of speeches atvarious points in Central Kentucky,and will keep up a warm canvass untilMarch 1, when it has been announced,the pool will close. A representativeof the society will speak to the j,tobacco growers and farmprs at the countyseat of each county on every court daybetween now and March.Today the Appointed Time."The future is an illusion; it neverarrives; it flies before you as you advance. Always it is today and afterdeath and a thousand years it is today. You have great deeds to perform and you must do them now."'Charles Ferguson.Reflection on Cholly.Cholly (handling his friend's revolver gingerly) "I suppose now ICthis should go off while I'm holding itlike this it would blow my brainaout?" His Friend "No, It wouldn'tdo that, but It would bore a hole cleanthrough your head."TOR RENT.1 have for rent or will lease for aterm of years the best livery and salebarn in Paris, Kentcuky. Situatedcorner Second and Main streets, opposite Windsor Hotl, posseession givenJan. 1, 1912. E. T.P hone 198.J. H. BUTLER.12 tf Paris. Ky.LOST.. On last Saturday evening one smalltin box containing a small amount ofmoney one fountain pen, check book,pair spectacles. Lost on Main streetbetween Boone street and the Government Building. Finder leave at thisoffice and recieve suitable reward.LOST.On Maysville pike between the homeof Jesse Turney and Pans a brown furmuff. Finder return o News officeand receive reward.FOR SALE PRIVATELY.Worry Cause of Hypochondria.The most common disease causedby worry is hypochondria. Its victimis the man or woman who worriesthat he or she is going to he ill everytime he or she feels indisposed.Their Likeness.WMIe Pat worked. Mike and Mmjiir p&Inted a picture of a donkey'se$d cm the hack of his coat, thinkingViat they would have some fun out ofTim TvYi-n hp rmt on his coat to go tloote Pat as he reached for his I Physically they are strong and nor--et"saw the painting and asked: mal,t bu't they suffer from a mental-Wh'lch one of you fellows wiped youri disease which Is a variety of morbidM i mi TXT fYXXT Jtoh the hack ot my coaw - , r . ; - - ,Thirty Years Together.Thirty years of association, think ;of it. How the meiitof a good thing Jstands out in that time or the worth-'lessness of a bad one. So there's no ;guesswork in this evidence of Thos. jAriss, Concord, Mich , who writes: 1"I have used Dr. King's New Dis-jcovery for 30 .years, and its the best !cough and cold cure 1 ever used." ,Once it finds entrance in a home you jcaivc pry it out. Many families haveSword Imbedded in Plank.Embedded in the heart of a plankof wood taken from a railway stationat Oakley, Fifeshire, says the LondonStandard, there has been found asword measuring over two feet long.The plank had been in use for atleast. fifteen years.used it forty years. It's the most in-Home of the Lima Bean.About half the lima bean crop inthe world is produced by a coastwisestrip of California, including SantaBarbara, Ventura, Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties. Peculiar climatic conditions are required,and the only other section where thebean has been grown successfully isfallible throat and lung medicine on f the Island of Madagascar, off the eastearth. 1 Unequalecl tor. lagnppe, asth.- coast of Africa. England takes thema, hay fever, croup, quinsy, or soielungs. rice otyo and $1. Trial bottlefree. Guaranteed by. Oberdosfer 'entire island output.vTOBACCOHAULINGWe are prepared to haulTobacco to the markets atany point. No crop toolarge. We can furnish teamsand wagons.TRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Eighth Street Both Phones.L'ight room frame residence and lotfronting seventy feet and ten incheson H'ggins avenue, and two hundredand eight feet deep ; bath room, newroof, gas leadinjr to house: large garden and goad cistern.Wii. A. GHIMES.E. T. phone 45 or 364.23 tf - Paris. Ky.ournafor 1912You can not keep posted on current political events unless youread theCourier-Journal,(Louisville, Ky. Henry Watterson, Editor)This Presidential Year.The Tariff will be the issue andthe battle will be a hard foughtone. You can getDaily CourierJournal(Excepting Sunday Issue) andThe Bourbon NewsBoth One Year for $5.00.This offer only holds good 'untilFebruary 29. tTo get advantage of this exit rate,orders- muse oe senu us;, novi nnnpi'.. nnrna . ... . i :