THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVEBY TUESDAY AND FBIDAY IN THE TEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MAY 3, 1912s.I Millinery SpecialFor This Week Only,75ciattern Hats worth from $6to $10.00 each atS498The Simon Department Store,Paris, KentuckyAgents for McCall Patterns, Werner Bros.' Rust-ProofCorsets, Eiffel Brand Hosiery, Gage Bros.'Hats and' McCall Patterns.LJ!ftftftFor People Whowant to Live Welland Save Money,See LENIHAN:16 lbs. Granulated Sugar ...... v $1.QO3 lb can Asparagus 20c2 cans good Corn , ' 15cNavy Beans, per lb 6c"3- tie Broom 35c4- tie Broom or Parly Queen 45cHTbars Cardinal Soap !25cThe best Coal Oil, per gallon 10cSLUE RIBBON FLOUR25-Sb Sack SOc50-b Sack $ 1 .601 OO-Bfo Sack $3:20T. C. LENIHAN,Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234. af. -?VfVI9That the residents of East Paris desire a more desirable foot passagethan that furnished by the bridge spanning Stoner creek was. shown by the petition presented to the Bourbon FiscalCourt at its meeting yesterday, whenpermission wa asked to construct a footbridge on the south side of the bridgefor the use of pedestrians, the expense to be borne by the property ownersot that section of the city. CountyAttorney George Batterton and JudgeDeln's Dundon "were appointed by thecourt as a committee to investigate andempowering them toact.The initiative in the matter wastaken by Mr. B. M. Renick of the ParisMilling Co., whose property is located in East Paris, also" Mr. M. J.Murphy, who resides in that section.The question arises as to whether thebridge is the pronerty of the city orcounty, and the investigation of thecommittee aDDointed by the court willbe along the lineKTof the condition ofthe bridge to withstand the extraweight with which the bridge wouldbe necessarily burdened.Judge Denis Dundon presided at themeeting of the court yesterday withE..P. Thomason.R. H.T3urris, J. J.Rcdmon, B. P. Stipp, 0. B. Lloyd. G.K.lJRedmon and John H. Shropshire,the newly appointed magistrate fromthe Clintonville precinct present. Thelcourt by a unanimous Uvote passed aresolution of respect upon the death ofMr. J. T. Barlow, who since 1875untilthe time ot his death was aTnamher ofthat body.The report of Road Supervisor C. F.Redmon was submitted tu the courtand being accepted was ordered ofrecord. The sum of $1,498.06. wasordered paid for turnpike repairs, andaccounts to the amount of $646.28 wereallowed and ordered paid. A sum ofSI, 000 was appropriated for the use ofthe turnpike supervisor for the monthof MaJ.The court appointed Jos. Godman tothe position of weiuher for the countyrock crusher and H. S. Redtuon wasappointed as weigher for the crusherof Woods & Cain. Court adjournedafter disposing of busness of a less important nature.A Great Gams for the Fakers.A visit of a circus tojx city generallybrings with it i ts quota of fakers andfollowing the rule a large numberwere present yesterday fol'owing thtSanger show. One of the numerousfake schemes was being worked with avery profitable result upon the farmerswho were in town to at end the ci cisand a number will no doubt find themselves out to a considerable extent inthe amount of coin.The schema was being worked by a,tleast four men .when one of theistationed on the street would accost afarmer and present him with a fountain pen. This was only a bait andthe unsuspecting victim was allowed toproceed only a short distance beforethe stranger with an excellent line oftalk would submit a proposition togive him the article in connection withseveral farm journals for a small subscription fee. In more than half thecases the victim under the impressionhe was getting abargain . would jumpat the bait.2 No doubt those who fell aprev to theoily tongued stranger will find themselves out of their cash with nothingto show for it but a cheap fountain penand they will continue to wait ;for thepaper for which they subscribed.The scheme was worked with muchsuccess until the officers became awareor tne game ana wnen tne iaker3 received the tip that they were beingwatched in their maneuvers, they ceased to operate.We are informed that one of the menwho worked independent of the severalothers, a soliciting agent for a Loui:-ville farm journal, who was here forthe purpose of securing subscription,was an authorized agent, but otherswho were performing in the same manner and pretending to rporesent otherpublishing houses, no doubt were unauthorized and irresponsible persons,one of them being a well-known fakerof the worst, type and who has beenronowing iairs ana circuses with various schemes .to separate the peoplefrom their money for a good manyyears.TV.mmmsiThe XTRAGOOD LabelMakes Satisfaction Sure.Sailor, Russian and Junior suits, pretty cheviots,worsteds and serges, newest combinations for Springwear, large graceful collars,silk ties, trousers lined.Most artistic designs on themarket, 2 1-2 to 10years $5.00Boys' two-piece doublebreasted and Norfolk suits,plain two-piece suits withfull lined "knickers;" alsoNorfolk and ' ' knicker ' '' trousers;-new Spring styles,' t .L J J1 large vanety ui suyiea auuchecks. A very populardurable serore linings. All'miVTRAGOOT)-v, efwio onn armppranrp of much hisrher-Pncedp clothing; sizes 7 to 17 years $7 .50! PR16&60.6l0tHi6rt imfi 3ff?y 'fimJ &Mi.tillitinillmiWe're Proud of oar $20 Suits.iney are tne taiK ot fans, and welike to talk about them too. Come tous for your spring suit. aJ. W. DAVIS & CO.Many Attend Circus.Sanger's circus exhibited in this cityyesterday afternoon and night and thetwo performances were well .patronized. A large crowd assembled on thestreets at naon to witness the streetparade. The performance seemed togive general satisfaction.in"WE KNOW HOW"r SpecialistsOnMEN'S CLOTHESJYou Seek a Specialist for allother Complaints, so why not1 come to us and be cured of theL Clothes troubles which beset youSeason after s eason? ' .We have studied the science ofselecting clothes that appeal todifferent people and offer goodvalue andjperfect satisfaction.Stetson and Dunlap Hats.Stetson Tm$miSKorrect ShapeDr. Reed's CushionSHOESOutf ifi2S-r to Mencheil & Blakemore,Paris, Kentucky Ji!ii!miinnmn;..uniium iTiiiiiiiiiiiiiiriiniii:iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiii-iii.iiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!iiu3iiiJMiiiiiiiiiii!iiiiiiiiifiiirrisrK9 i5The Store Where Reliability Reigns!Special Showing OfWhite DressesFor Misses and Children. Suitable for CommencementWear.Seed .Corn.We have'a limited quantitj of choicewhite seed corn. Call phone 14.3-3t GHAS. S. BRENT & BKO.MATRIMONIAL.WITHER-: REPFETT.Mr. Joseph Reffett and'Mis3 SallieWithers, both of this county, were,married Wednesday afternoon at 2:30o'clok, at the residence of the officiating minister. Elder J. T. Sharrard.They were accompanied by the groom'smother,Mrs. Lou Reffett.BuUGHNER KENNEDY.Miss Alic2 BouEhner and Mr.Samuel Kennedy, both of this city,were united in, marriage' Wednesdaevening at 7 o'clock at the Baptischurch, Rev. E. M. Lightfoot officiating. The bride is a most (acimabtfyoung woman, while the groom, who ia well krown carnenter has a largtcircle of friends who will join in wishing he'Cand .his wife a 'hapDy marriedlife.9iDresses .For Receptions and Dancesy Pumps and Slippers.A Complete line of White Nubuck and CanvasButton High Shoes and Pumps for Ladies,Misses and Children.Also a New LineCtm Metal Pumps and Button Oxfords, Satin Pumps inWhite, Black and Colors., Ready to Wear Hats. .Fdr ladies, $isses and Children at Popular Prices.ry Frank & Co.Parisy c -: t. Krntucky1iiiWiHinnnuimiHuuim g:iiiiiHiiiiiiinii:iiiuiiiiiimHiiinniiiiiiniiii3iiJxtiiiinnSHi fl M( 8SSS(?iH5S9fSK. SN(9KIKfRfM(9KfiSfiTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, , MAY 3, 1912LIFEC tPFs FOR weak;niSRASHD MEN(Establised iS?2) BY A TRUZ CPECIAL13T FOR MEN. (Established J892)Tlierc is r.bso!ut.ly -sti.Ji'.vrk : bout rcsu!:s t t thi course of treatment Iive for caili cf V.: ! e;-s: s J trl.t n f;c.ia;ty, for .-ooa nfler beginning myevery syii.pto:n .f dise-.se. Cl-a.Tic.nrs antl t:ic lTi;jie aeyer returns.treatmentCUICKEST CURESAir; Ecccia:;-1 1 1 That Stay CuredA CERTAIN CURELOWEST CHARCE3ciis T7liat I vili p!vc you If rr r r 's? U curaLIc; if not, I will notaccept vour money 'i i roauo I j do anything for you. The bestiffurenws I ouM give s. to irr,it;sionol reliability are the manycurcl, tntii2tJ patient I di.-m;?s. v.hk'L proves that my treatEic:it cun.3 v.iie i u . :...-.? fail t i vr n bent-Hi. .YOU OA TAli-r., TSl-.VT."tf J N i -WITHOUT A CENT AM)PAY AFTER I i URK VOL". I vai.t n cliancc to prove I can eurollvir'-J '7.: in, treatment ijt'irerrnf, bttrr.-na COSTS YOUXOTllirili unices ;.osi ae wiiiir.g, glad a:ul eatisfis-'d to pay me.THESIS AUK TIK IiI5J:AL.S Hiuii x havb tuuauCJRK IS TUIiATINU YITI oielj: si'I-ciaxj&cs.and I.i'!:eys, Ilnlnrgeil Glands, Nerrousuess, fc7velii:, X.jic Acid.Varicose EnlargementU a knotty, tJ:nchy, twisted, worm-likerend: lion cf veins, more often on left side,Lading lower..cm-nrR rhinpor Pain In Groin orby onea severeor keeping;4.cute Diseascs-Ift?Bade, Bladder IShi tu::atisrn. ;I . pew; r- r-vrr r.TATlf) V AV! EX VTI7N VTI'TiBlank and cet my Chare?, Terms, TIei of Curo znl r.ill lnfrmation V.Address or call onBlood Poison, Skin Diseases :Bash, Sore Mouth cr Throut, Sv.ollenGlands, Mucous Patche s, Ccppt r-C"lir-dSpots. Bheumatic Pains, i-Cicma, 7 -Barmng,Nervourfness.Jra-lllliy liCdiu:, 7snkacs-. our rck, rr oumiss woaKness,Memory, Loss of Kn-r-, 3 rr.i". it.e ViiMtty, Lack c Ambition.Ambition, Wornoutr?jii:s,T'm:d, J Trad-J j carc. varicose Enlargementache. Backache, Kxcrsses MSone.y, ,Trflfmcnt; , vis-it. withoutEasily Excited, Bestless at Night are some furgici'l operation cr suffering,of the'Bvmptoms that d-2:r-y xrum '. vr:. rVn? frnr business.Urinary,Kidney and Bladder-r-; Obstructions,' Strainirpr.jy.L&Ccico pain inTTrit f nr Freo Book, Questioa-REE. ,DR.C. L. DOLLE, Men-Speciclist, 535 WALNUT STREET,Between Gth and Oth. ATcnnf,(Near Fountain Sq.) Cincinnati, O.SIGN THIS COUPON FOII A YAI-UAi:!-"S BOOK EBEE.r. ti. POME. A. T:, 51 I)., 523 Walnut Street, Clnttn.n'JU i-hio. Pl-ate nic free one or your books'Vital Ftcl fj.- Jlen;" ta Question Blank, u I detlrat dencribe irty oe to tou lor the purpose of takingtrvitreT?, if I d'i4" you can cure me and your- .a ij 1j-.7 enough ta suit sac.Tri-SUU.iBourbon LaundryD.WIS & FUNK, Props.vlV Telephone No. 4.OSOffice Opp. Postof fice.A P Tticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with our cVlaundry work the rest of :course. Systematic, thorough fpainstaking work enables us ti'to get your laundry out the VJ.day we promise it, and its fquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll not llvregret it. "THE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKY . "SWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year $2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in Advance -Entered at Postoffice at. Paris; Ky.,as mail matter of the second classADVERTISING RATES .Display advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent- insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thankspalls on cundidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matt er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right o? publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.Bourbon Laundry,"Paris, Kentucky.How Monopoly Works.A fine example of how the railroadsof this country "put on the screws"is revealed by a study of the statementof earnings issued annually by theDelaware, LacawanrTa and Western,one of the" anthracite coal carryingroads. The following figures show thecharge per ton mile, ot hauling anthracite coal and general merchandise,over,a period of four years:Coal 1911, 0.83; 1910, 0.83; 19090 86; 1908. 0.85.Merchandise-1911, 0.67; 1910," 0.69;1909, 0.70; 1908. 0.70.The figures shows that the railroadgets more for hauling coal than it doesfor hauling merchandise, and it isridiculous to suppose that that it coststhe railroad any more to haul a ton ofany kind of material than it does another. A ton is a ton after it is onceloaded onto a freight car.The only explanation for the highercoal charge is that all competition hasbeen suppressed in the coal carryingtrade, whereas the roads are atill forced to fight each other for theirmerchandise patronage. Coal is charged "all the tiaffic will bear," and itwill bear a tjreat deal because the railroads control the coal fields and thetransportation, and fix the tidewaterprice by agreement among themselves?saddled Iwitha dutyNot Intentional Crime. ,"You are charged with poisoningthis lady's pet dog. I .shall deal severely with such ingratitude. Shetestifies that she had just given youa mince pie." "I didn't do it intentionally, judge. I did feed him a pieceof de pis."Knowledge Must Be His Guide.As the Spanish proverb says, "HoWho would bring home the wealth ofthe Indies must carry the wealth ofthe Indies with him." So it is intraveling: A man must carry knowledge with him 'if he would bringhome knowledge. Samuel Johnson.What Will He Do?Will President Taft have .the nerve toveto the Democratic bill to cut out thetariff rate on wool?Schedule "K" place a rate of 141per cent on wool fabrics, ,165 on cheaoblankets, and 143 oer "cent on flannelunderwear. An article worth $5 seeing entry -into the market would ba7riIBUICK1 VvIIIII Model No. 40 Price $900 1I Completely EquippedIIIIWslS sfcarsd more hard use and abuse thanany Sight roadster ever built. The idealcar for the busy man. The best finished,bestbusit, simplest and strongest car ofits class.Perfectly Noisless, 26 Horse-Power, 30x3 U2 Wheel. Sliding Gear, Selective Type Transmission,Three Speeds Forward and Reverse.YERKES & PRIOHARDBoth 'Phones 66of .$7.05. Suchrates are staeererina Drool or megreed of protectionists. They werenot written into the law for tbe-nur-poseof increasing the Government'srevenue, but were designed Jnstead toincrease the profits of the-wool manufacturers. President Taft has declaredthese rates to be "indefensible." -Inthe face of this admission will he havethe nerve to block the honest attemptof the Democratic .House of Representatives tb'give the people relief?An Astounding Condition.The supplementary report of theStanley Investigation committeeshows thatl 23 men officers and directors of the steel trust are in fabaolutecontrol of corporations representing acapitalization of $35,521,14,009. Thesemen, through interlocking boards ofdirectors virtually control all the greatrailroad systems, street railways, 'express companies, telegraph companies,steamship companies, the large industrial corporations, a system ofpowerful banks .and trust companies,and Insurance companies.The total wealth, of this nation isonly a little over three times the sumthat these 23 men control absolutely.Twenty-three msn in control of morewealth than 30.000.UOO of their fellowAmerican citizens ! Isn't this a finecondition of affairs to exist in aRepublic?Thft Stars.The number of stars that can beseen by a sharp eye in our hemisphereis about 3,000, or 6,000 in both hemispheres. By the telescope, of course,many thousands of stars are broughtut that are invisible to the naked eye.Using an instrument little more thantwo inches wide there have been morethan 310,000 stars duly charted in thenorthern half of the heavens alone.It has been estimated by very highauthorities that the total number visible in the whole celestial vault wouldmount up to 80,000,000.Monarch's Fine Library.The library of Philip the Good ofBurgundy, in the fifteenth century,surpassed all other European bookcollections of the time.. It containednearly 10,000 volumes, all richly illuminated .on vellum, with ' bindings " ofdamask satin and velvet incrusted byjewels, with clasps of gold and gems.Bruges, where the ducal court washeld, was filled with literary craftsmen, and certain of their splendid productions are still to be seen in tneBelgian royal library.IIIIntelligent Ostrich.An ostrich which recently passedaway at a private zoo in Bedfordshirewas found to have eaten seven poundsof stones and a bicycle puncture outfit. It is thought, says London Punch.that the intelligent creature had triedto cure an internal cut caused by thesharp edge of the stones.Titled Men Chased Indians.Many Oxford and Cambridge menin quest of the romantic enlisted inthe Royal Northwest Mounted Policeof Canada. Many dukes, earls andbarons also look with pride to thedays when they chased Indians andcattle -thieves over the Canadianplains. These men for many yearspreserved the law and order in thewildest parts of Canada.Bright Conundrum.The following conundrum in a German paper is worth repeating, for,though depending on a play of words,it is good in either language. WhyIs a slate like matrimony? Becauseyoung girls reckon on both.Met Dsath in Strange Fashion.A curious fatal accident occurredthe other day in northern France, atDouai. An engineer was trying anew motor on thecbiplane in the shedbelonging to M. Moineaux, the aviator. His muffler caught in the propeller and wound around the shaft,dragging the unfortunate man withinreach of the blades. He was scalpedand his skull fractured.Go to Buck'?.For a nice bath, hair cutgo to Buck's barber shop,cla?? barbers.HAPPY THO MARRIED ?There are unhappy married lives, but a large percentage of these mhippy: i - tui :n . f w;f. mother or 'daughter. The reelings cnervousness,and circled .the womanDragging-downnnlioc nr; tnn fSr&nt n drain ii-JOH a VOiticFavorite Prescription restores wclc end deli 3,"7,..flatins end correcting the IoclI charcb.j w-ucn crs i,zr.o y ---.'cabove distressing symptoms. .jt o-,rr-w r-rrxiW A-.r 3. ncmbcr cZ z?.r s.r.1 for the pact threeYears was so badCaA lila vfza a ir.kery to unc," vrite3 1IR3. B. F. DicxCvS SllScS Ohio. Route 4. "lao doctors told ir.e I would have toZXT? .KnnS-nHrare I v.'guIJ ever be Letter. A year pso this winterfa , -It . u CTr Tvfcr Ah each ner.od 1 sufiersd likethe beloved m:nd, L - ;'ZZLn"eyes, result moct often iron tnto .be happy and ood-looI:ir. f ci3 nz-. h-e good nealtn.fpojiTvis bv3fn2. hoi-jajaei '- -'--JIUCIIH, fJ . ... 1 . , - f 73; .;cns:bl:j for the0one in torment, I a:n the mother tf sk cn:Mrcn. 1 was sodm torfive months that I kapw comethintf mnaft bo deno. so I v--roto to Fir.R V.Pierce te'lin" him as nearly as I couia o:t I sdtiered. He outlined aS'of feSnenVwhich I foUcw-d b the Jetr. I took tvo bottleaon ' ind nn fit UOIuen Xiei;tiU xisuuvury aim aMnx- DlCKOVKS.cL t 'cmnrf.w.,l' and have never suffered much since.I wish I could tell every suffering woman the world over what a booaDr. Pierce's medicine3 are. There 13 no use wastins time and moneydoctorins with anything else or any one else.The Medici. Adviser by R. V. Pierce, M. D., Buffalo,N. Y., answers hosts of delicate questions about whichevery woman, single or married ought to know. Sent freeon receipt of 31 stacsps to pay for wrapping and mailing only.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED ElBiLlEB.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NI(BHT 299.tti rnr 1 1 nrr nirr irr-n ti m " iirSWhy not you join the great army ofcustomers and burnNow isthe time to try a load.Dodson & DentonPARIS. KY.East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersb'jrg, NDrih Midiietow. Littlef Rock anRuddles Mills."When you have East TennesseeHAVE telephone service.service youCumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporatedor shave,.Three first13 tfIIsnip flm) mm ttuKttttK iraParis Proof.Should Convince Every Paris, Reader. ' 'I i The frank statement of a neighbor.teJling LI1C IHClllO Ul a icmcujiBids you pause and believe.The same endorsementBy some stranger far awayCommands no belief at all.Here's a Parid case.A Paris citizen testifies.Read and be convinced.Mrs. C. M. Taylor. Eighth and Weststreets. Paris, Ky.,. says: "Doan'sKidney Pills have done us a greatjjdealof good and we recommend themstrongly. One of my children sufferedfor a long time with kidney diseasesand had but little control over the kidney secretions. We tried everythingbut without success until Doan s Kicne'y Pills were given a trial. They didimmediate good and before long tneyeffected a Derraanent cure."For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents Foster-Milburn Co,, Buffalo,New York, sole agents for the UnitedStatesRemember the name ODoan's andtake no other. - ' " 1 ZjINOTICETOFarmers!NEWBARBERSHOPModern Equipment,4. Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite service.am Paying from 50c to 75ceach for Sheep hides.Tallow 5 and 5 1 -4c per lb.MAX MUNICK,Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORD8th Street, PARI3;Call East Tenn. Phone 374KY.Jlnnk LangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtfEast Tenn. Phoe 669Joe. G. Mitchell,Against fire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies.Phone 162Agent.LOWBY & TALBOTT".Paris, KexitmolcvALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.OW FURNISHRIGHT MflflOnjusHRtsavoit;:jAJC2Tlc AJESTIcJJwill riot be yours unless jrouhave aMajestic Rangein Your Kitchen!Come in and see them. Tinyare tbc bett made;sickness, Scott's Emulsionincreases the appetite and buildsstrength rapidly. Its wonderfulnourishment assists nature inrestoring health. - AU Druggists.Scott & Bownc.-Bloomfield N J 12-7.on't Be AfraidEat What You WantEat what you want when you wantit and "Digestif ' two or three tabJets after meate digests all the food,prevents distress, relieves indigestioninstatly. Brown's Digestit is a littlfitablet easy to swallow, absolutelyharmless. It has relieved thousandsand is guaranteed to Dlease "you," if notyour money refunded - 50c. Ak aG? S. Varden & Sen's," A PnMIe ServfeComar&tiem Stock, nnrutfiXflble in Ohio rrvnrrl of fArears dividend nnvmntc Tlfot.deads guaranteed, eivlnff sUbAlty ofincome. At present price It CNETS OVER5V2to SEND FOR INFORMATIONW. E. HUTTON & CO.FIRST NATtMUL UXK HOI.CINCINNATIWOMEN JURORS ARE LENIENT.Free Alleged Thief Whll6 Men Con.vict His Companion, and JudgeGives Him Ten Years.Seattle, Wash. A test of the fitness of women to serve as jurors hasbeen made here with results that arecausing a great deal of comment, inthe prosecution of two yeung men forthe same crime a Jury which includedwomen set one free, while men jurorsconvicted the other, with the resultthat he has been sentenced to a longterm in Jail.Harry Shaw and Harry Humphreywere arrested on the charge of highway robbery. On the jury which triedHumphrey were two women. He wasa good-looking young man, and hislawyer did everything possible to stirup sympathy for him. The result wasthat the women pleaded for him inthe jury room and "won over the men,some of whom felt that he was guilty.When the verdict was returned thewomen advised Humphrey to "eFetter boy iq the future." He immediately Jeft the ily without waitingJo testi?T Tor Shaw, whose testimonyWhen Shaw nad been convicted bythe men he remarked of Humphrey:"It showed he didn't have no principle, jumping out and leaving me thisway." In this Judge Ronald, who. senfenced Shaw to five to ten years inprison, agreed, saying Humphrey "certainly did show a woeful lack of principle In leaving you after you hadhelped him." The judge, however, indicated his dissent with the womenjurors In the previous case by sayinghe agreed with "the latter verdict.mmOLD FEUD COMES TO LIGHTVONEicf CGU330N POULTRY CUREcovm n. cilcVs tbrcat curesnapes. A few drops in theariiiLirg water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Diseases of Fowls" seat FREE.Beurbon Remedy Co. brris&ac,IjW-T. Brooks, DruggistFOR RENT.The Glenn cottage on Vine street offive rooms, reception hall and bathroom. Possession given May 1 CallE. T. phone 198. tfHot and ColdBATHS1Hot and cold baths.Everything: neat and clean. "Folatebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.California Men Kept Strange Vows forMany Years Arrest of OneReveals Compact.San Bernardino, Cal. Never to setfoot upon each other's sidewalk, andalways to be prepared to shoot to kill'if they should- meet outside the city,is the strange compact that for fifteenyears has been in existence betweenC.' W. Richardson and Joseph andJohn Shafer, prominent business menof this place. Their places of business are opposite each other on Court"streetThis compact was violated last weekwhen Joseph Shafer, trying to catcha better glimpse of an aviator, crossedto his enemy's sidewalk. Richardsoncame forth with a jump to make an attack, Shafer fled to his own side ofthe -street, but hurled back a challenge. This aroused Richardson, whosenigh-voiced rep'ly; made it possible tosecure Richardson's arrest for disturbing the peace.At the trial the strange compact"was made public Richardson wasfound guilty, bnt the jury recommended mercy. The feud started fifteenyears ago, when as a bachelor Richardson and the Shafer brothers occujpied adjoining houses. Richardsonlaroke the bachelor atmosphere bymarrying, and the fight was on. Several court cases have grown out ofseemingly trivial quarrels between thecontestants.SQURREL STOLE THE ACECard Game Mystery Solved It Happened In Winsted, "Conn.,' of Course.Qmly a Fire Herobut the crowd cheered, as, with burnedhands, he held up a Si-nail -round box."Fellows!" he shouted, ""this Bucklin's Arnica Salve I hold, has everything beat for burns."" Right! aslofor boils. ulcers, sores, pimples,eczema, cuts, sprains bruises. Surestpile care. It subdues anflamation,kills nam. Only 25 cents at Ober-dorfer's.Professional CardsJ J. WH7LIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.loom 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Mayi Street-E "T 136Office Phones j H'ome., ( E. T. 334.Residence Home,334.DR. A. ti KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, . KentuckyWinsted, Conn. On a pleasant daylast fall a spirited game of "set back"high, low,yjack and the game wasplayed in a grove on the shore ofHighland lake, between four men outfor a walk. When the final game ofa series was being played and FredJacobs, who 'declared he 'had drawnthe ace of hearts, went to play thecard he discovered it was missing andhis "hand" was declared dead.After the game the card could notbe found and a count of the deckshowed fifty-one instead of fifty-twocards. The robber was discovered-the other day. A'tame red squirrel,which, has made Its home In the grovefor two years, had carried the ace toits nest In a high pine tree, where itwas found by a boy who climbed thetree to see If the squirrel had survivedJthe winter.tory mannerfactory prices.HORSE CIPPI NGPrepare your horses forspring- by having tfeem clipped now. We are preparedto do clipping in a sales f ac-and at saiesjCall on us. 'TRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialtySRT. BROS.,L Eighth Stebet-Both PhonedOLD MYSTERY IS SOLVEDMessenger Burled Seven Years In theDesert Sands, Committed Suicideby Shooting.Berlin. After having been buriedfor seven years in the desert, the"body of ar German trooper named Rogge has been found in a shifting sanddune near Kolmanskop, GermanSouthwest Africa. The unfortunatetrooper had been sent to convey themails from Luderitzbucht to some remote inland station. He never arrived-His route lay via the TJkama springs,a small oasis, and from notes found Ina pocketbook on the body it appears,that he lost his bearings, owing .16desert mirages. He wandered aboutaimlessly for days, without finding hisway. "" .His last note was to the effect thathe was suffering fearful tormentsfrom thirst, and that he intended toblow out his brains before his reasongave away completely. The bodywas found with a bullet hole in thetemple, and the packet of letters laybeside it intact.Traps Golden Eagle.Pierre, S. D. On inspecting histraps near Eagle Butte, Joe Felthouerfound a golden eagle held by a clawrm nf them. He brought it inI ILL U"alivand sold it to ah Eagle Butte j.merchant for exhibition purposes.rYOUR ONE GREATBIG FURNITURECARPET, MATTING, STOVE, PORCH,and Lawn Swing Buying Opportunity !The Greatest Money-Saving House-Furnishing Event in This City'sHistory--Every Piece of Furniture, Carpet, Rug, Matting, Brassand Iron Beds at Actual Cost and Less.Sale Sensation of the Tear ! 1Pretty Strong, YouTRUESayYesBut not one bit too strong, for It Ss the year's Selling Sensation. For every legitimate Sale, no matterwhat its nature, there is always a reason. Honestlegitimate Sales are the only sort we conduct andnecessarially there is a reason why. SoWednesday,May 1st, 1912,mwill begin our great money-savilg Sale aud will rununtil Wednesday, May 15th. Remember that wewill; take care of you with open accounts.We Present the 0ortanityThe 0iortunity of Yocir Lif eTimeTo Secure a Fine Pieces of Furniture, Carpet, Rug or Range at ;Ra Factory Price.A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Main Street,Opp. Court House,P aris, Ky5& MMffiWifflMMMttMMlS&9m M Mi mm flSdAUB 4HMnssiStfiXHMfll4!aSfll mm HmmmNew Spring GoodsATTWIN BROS.Department StoreCor. 7th and MamGinghams,White Goods,Percales, .Piquas, Poplins,Linens,Dress Goods,Silks,Skirts, Suits,Dresses,Waists, Etc.Big Lot of Tobacco Cotton at Lowest Prices.TWIN BROS.Paris, KentuckyNotice! Poultry Raisers4-11-44CURESCholera. Canes. Limberneck. Roud. Canker...o cuiK.To r.r viaYYiwza anu an uiscases oi ruuuryMim Katie Bryant. Banktown. Ky., says: "I Have ujed Recipe 4-1 1-44 (or yean ad think it the bestpoultry remedy made. 1 1 cures gapes and limberneck without (ail. 'Will Coomes.' Bxdtown. Ky..sayu. "One drop ol Recipe 4-11-44 dropped down the bill j a gspxngchicken the worm and relieres the chick instantly. Itis the best preventive 1 have ever used. .Mffl. aid Guaraitee by J. Robu Crume, Bardstown, Ky. Price 50c at all Druggists." SOLO BY;. C. E. BUTLER & CO.ii;nrw:iaii?iiiiifWT!nnTGave Up Hope"I suffered five years, with awful pains, due to womanly troubles," writes Mrs. M. D. McPherson, from Chadbourn, N. C. "They grew worse, till I would often faintI could not walk at all, and I had an awful hurting in myside ; also a headache and a backache.I gave up and thought I would die, but my husbandurged me to try Cardui, so I began, and the first bottlehelped me. By the time the third bottle was used, I coulddo all my work. All the people around here' said I woulddie, but Cardui relieved me."TAKETheWomansTonicFor more than 50 years, Cardui has been relievingwoman's sufferings, and making weak women strong andwell. During this time," thousands of women have written,like Mrs. McPherson, to tell of the really surprising resultsthey obtained by the use of this purely vegetable, tonicremedy for women.Cardui strengthens, builds, restores, and relieves or prevents unnecessary pain and suffering from womanly troubles. 'If you are a woman, begin taking Cardui, today.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept. Chattanooga Medicine Co.. Ctatoaooca, TerMr.for Special Instructions, and 4-pae book. "Hoae Treatment for women, sent free.. J. Paris . Takes Opening ContestFavored by the most ideal weatherand conditions unequaled in the historylof the game in Paris. The BlueGrass League season was launchedhere Wednesday afternoon, and theoccasion observed with all the ceremony and pomp usually accorded theadvent of the sport. Establishing aprecedent the Bourbonites. vigorousand ready for the opening, celebratedthe occasion by tronucing in i n admirable fashion ihe wily Hustlers fromthe neighboring city of Winchester bythe enornious score of 18 to 4.Nature out-done herself in providing such a'delightful day for the firstslaughter, and the weatner man waslenient' in the extreme. He clearedthe elements of the threatening matter, most likely to'spoil the sport andgivejthe Hustlers'a chance to escape agood sound drubbing.Incident tothe opening of the game,a parade, headed by the High SchoolBand, formed in front of thje FordhamHotel, and a march was made to theball park; where fully fifteen hundredeager, anxious fans, Jiungry for a tasteof a real ball game, had assembled.While the crowd was not up to the expectations. there were enough to maKethemselves heard.Just a little past three o'clock urnpire Yates Kelly, assigned by President Wm. Neal to officiate at the"opener'Tannounced the batteries, andii r ' t j j ' L.'i.me .Douroonues, uunneu in uieir wuue,natty, home unilorras trotted out inthe field amid the applaus of the admiring throng. Mayor J. T. Hinton wasmarked up in advance notice to hurltne first ball and wnen he, neneath a"Spearmint" captook his placeon therubber, a storm of applause sweptthrough the stand and bleachers.Although the city's chief executiveoccuDied the mound but a few minuteshe became rather chesty, perhaps because of the honor of the foccasion.but more likely because of the recollections, when as a youth he playeda similar part in the old game of"town ball." JYears. no doubt havecontrasted thefmusicles of his throwing arm, and when'given a nice "shiny.rock," he heaved at the plate, but theclean white horse hide! went wide ofthe markfar from the reach of secondbaseman Walsh .whofhad takenHiis dositioon, ana the contest was on.Manager Lewis pinned his lain onthe ability of Blankenship to turn thetrick in fthe opening event and fromthe manner in which the big fellow acquitted himself, showed clearly thatthe calculations of the Bourboniteleader were not short of the mark.Delehant was at the receiving end andthe Eastern boycaughtja most remark-able.game. winding out the full ninerounds with a comparatively clean record in the face of many difficulties.Uneasiness was at its height Wednesday morning, when it , becameknown that Billy Kuhlman had dedined most graciously to affix his signature toa contract, owing to a difference in the amount of salary. Thiswas an obstacle unlocked fcr, but themanagement was equal tot he occasionand shifted the lineup, putting Fenzellon the third'station and -sent Wood tothe center garden, where he will alternate with the other slabmen untilthe arrival of another infielder.The absence of Kuhlman, thoughgreatly regretted, seemed not to affectthe remainder of jtbedtcibe -of pennantaspirants and they hit the ball and ranbasejuhke fiends. Pilferina seemed tobe the order of the day and ten stolen.-asea gwtvdown on the records for thelocal i&j, Evs the, heaviest curvesdid netditerYlfeeir battmf. and rallvafter rallypiled up enough runs to lastaimost an entire season.Manager '.Kunkle of the Hustlers'selectedIabrer'a very promising looking hurleri to deliver the goods, andhis failure sapped the life of the teamfrom the very start. The terriblepounding continued until darness beganto settle over the 'scene, before thefinal round wasreached. Long beforethe closing session many of the soectators departed.The champions found but littletrouble in singling out Moore's weakness and in the first counted two funsbefore the side was retired, op am error, Goodman's drive for two basesand Hopkins' sacrifice flj. Anotherbrace was adrfed in the second whenDelehant walked and reached third on2n error, which gave Blankinship life.A neat double. steal counted Delehantand Blakenship crossed the rubber onFinzeH'8drive to right.The locals cloggeJ the bases in thefourth on two passes and a single. Popkins cleared the bags with a long driveover the left held fence and Benton.who singled and stole second, andcame home on Camnbell's double.Two hits an error and two'stolen basesadded two more in the fifth and in thesevenh Popkins sent Goodman homeon a three bagger.Another bunch of five came in theeighth. Woods doubled to center Delehant tooh life, when Weiting let thethird strike pass. Vyoood taking thirdand scoring when Wolf muffed thethrow Delehant taking second. Bla-kenship fumedFinzell bent outDelehant goingGcodman's out.and Harrell walked,a slow one to first.10 cnira, scoring onPopken acain Dlacedthe ball overt he left eld fence, clearing the bases for the second time.iJy masterly playing the localsworked out of a tight place in thefourth, wnen with the bases full andno outs. 'the side was retired without arun. Ihe visitors counted first in thesecond inning, when Reed doubled andscored on Kunkle's single. Two morecome in the third when a pass and anerror put twomen'on bases, countingoa Sears'- drive for three bases. Thelast tally in the ninth was made whenWei ting -doubled and on Harrells' errorwas permitted to score. The sidewas retired ona grounder to Frinzeli.The scare; - " -WincBc8ftr:v.d-l-2 '0 u 0 (0 1 4Fnsttjr..i&:2'Q 5 2 0 1-5 .x 17Batteries Paris, Blakenshio andDelehant; Winchester, Moore andWeiting aad Novack. F Hits Paris 15.WinchMter 7. i2rrrs Paris 2 , Winchester 5. Two ase hits Sears. Goodman Popken. Home 'runs Popken 2.Passed ball Weiting. Wild PitchMoore. Base on balls off Moore 6,on: BlakenshipJ5. Hit by pitcherSears, Benton. Struck out by Moore8, by Blakemhip 5. Double playsBen ton to Popken. Stolen basesTheobold, Kunkle, Goodman 4, Benton2, Delehant 2, Woods , BlakenshipSacrifice hits Walsh, Fenzell 2. Sacrifice flyGoodman Popken. Attend-Candidate for Delegate.R. K. McCarney, of this city, has amnounced his candidacy for delegatefrom the Seventh Congressional District tn the National Democratic r nventicn to be held in Balti jnJune, which will select a Pr cutialcandidate. Four years ago r. McCarney was a delegate to the Denverconvention at which W. J. Bryan wasnominated for the third time.. He hasbeenChairman of the Bourbon countyDemocratic committee sveral timesand is one of the foremost Democratsin the district. Mr. McCarney is notespousing the cause of any particularcandidate but heiieves the Democracyof the District ought to be instructedand has expressed the willingness ifselected as one of the delegates tocarry out those in uctions. Othercandidates announced .are Hon W. P.fimball, of Lexington, Robert Greenand Elwood Hamilton, of Frankfort,and Chas H. Morris, of Oldhamcounty.Appointed Administrator.Thomas Hurley, 'colored, was onWednesday appointed by the countycourt to administer upon the estate ofWm. Marshall, also colored, who diedin this Ecity a few weeks ago. Theestate is valued at about $3,000.Ices For Sunday.Telephone us your order for ices forSunday dinner. Ice cream in chocolate, rvanilla, strawberry and bananaflavors. "AIeo delightful orange ice.Delivery made'to any'part of the city.Both phones 336.J. H. BATTERTON.ance 1,500.Umpire Kelly.NOTES.A special train from Winchesterbrought over fifty fans to witness theopener, all of .whom was disappointed,at the poor 'showing, made by theirclub." Among those from Winchester whowitnessed the game were C. H. Bo wen,Jeff Stuart. Wooodson Mess, JudgeBenton, Clarence Boswell, Mr. Bosworth, George Green and wife, JosephLindsey and Robert Cair. the latterrepresenting the Winchester DailyNews.Old Glory floated proudly from thepennant pole in the "center Held and theappearance" of the JNational emblem inother parts of the field the park presented a very partiotic scene.When Kunkle disputed a decision ofUmpire Kelley in the seventh inninghe was -promptly ejected from thegame, and was escorted from the fieldby Patrolman Link. fcThis was the onlyoccurance to mar the afternoon 'ssport.Benton loomed up like ashiaing star,putting up an excellent exhibition atshort, participating in a neat doubleplay, pulling down several hardchances, secured two clean drives andpilfered two btaes. Hit throwing iiquick and accurate and if he continuesto improve he will aet the circuit afirebefore the- season closes. His onlybobble was made on an easy chance.Tvze home runs, "a , single and onethree-baggei ihst bad out of five tripsto the plate. Pepken performed inthis fashion and held down the, initialsack in'ri admirable manner. Thetwo drives over the left field fsncewere the hsrJest hit. on the local lot,and went clean of the fence by twentvfeet. For his pains he received apurge of something like $10 made upamong the fans.Harrell and Goodman played withtheir old-time snap, each counting fourruns. Out of four trios to the plateGoodman!made three hits: On two occasions he stole second and third, a total of our 'stolen bases during thegame.Finzell on third onlv had nnchance 'and retired the side in the lastinning." In this ntaition he showed udto a great advantage.Jeven better thanin the outfield and hit the hall in-Ftartfing manner, getting three safeties out of three trips to the nlate andlaid down a couple of neat sacrifices.Campbell and Wood played the outfield like veterans and pounded out atwo-bagger each.Delehant, who was! at the receivingend caught a brilliant game. Hehandled himself well throughout thecontest and displayed remarkablenerve when he was struck in the neckby a fouled ball, by sticking to thegame. He made several neat stops,and threw bases well. His hittinghowever was weak, but in the opinionof the best judges he will improve inthis department and will prove a valuable assistance behind the bat.T 1 I L J l . -I j . .Dia&mjsiiip uemanstraieu mat he isa hurler of more than ordinary abilityand Manager Lewis did the wisething in selecting his to pitch theopener. Although at some stages hedisplayed wildness yet in the pinchesbe settled down and twirled chamoionI II T A I A IIamp ua.ii. iu tue.iourtn , wiin no oneour, ne exercised his skill, Walsh toground to Harrell, who nipped Wolfat the plate "fanned Moore and fprcedrumble to liy to Wood, retiring theside and relieving a dangerous positionwitnout tne opponents scoring a run.umpire lates Kelly, wr.o held theindicator .was fair in all of his decisions and his woik gave general satisfaction'mi rr ! !ii i .ij.ne xuvermen win meet tne pennant winners at White -Park Sundayaiternoon. me r'aris club will go toFrankfort this morning for two gameswitn tne Lawmakers, returning Supday for a tiltrwijthrthrJarmony rcrW;President Neal will befheTeunday toWitness the game. t -rMtcner JMack Allison, foormerly ofthe Blue (j rass League, has-been releasea py tne &t. Louis Americans tothe Montgomery Club of the SouthernLeague.Because he was denied'a raise in salary of a aum in excess of $300, "Germany" Kaiser, formerly of the Parisclub, who was sold recently qythe Boston Nationals to IndiananoofTs, has returned to his home in Cincinnati, following a disagreement with managerJames Burke. Kaiser was getting$250 per month with the Buoston Club,and agreed to make thee hang for $?n0,when he reported he wanted more andwhen refused, deserted the Indians. TLittle Damage.A gas light in the show window ofLogan Howard, on Main street ignitedthe ceiling above it last night aboutseven o'clock causing an alarm to be!sent in from Box 46, to which the firedepartment "responded, but when itarrived on the scene the small blazehad been extinguished with little damage save to the goods on display in thewindow.Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas Woodford & Co.Bur ley Society Purchases Property. The Burley Tobacco Co. purchasedWednesday the tobacco factory ofStrater Bros,. Company! in Louisvilleandthe"transferjwas made yesterday.l he price is said to have been in excess of half a million dollars. Thefactory will be onerated as StraterBros.' branch of Burley Tobacco Company.Last Shipment.A few barrels of -strausberg sweetpotatoes just received. This is thelast lot we will have. Phone us yourorder as they will go fast.SAUER.Plan New Railroad.A dispatch from Carlisle is to theeffect that there is considerable talesof a railroad up the Licking Valley,beginning at Falmouth and reaching tothe mountains. The proposed 'railroadwould c'roBS the L. & N. in thi3 countyat Pleasant Valley. About thirty surveyors with tents and their campingoutfits are encamped near Mt. Oli vet.They came Ifrom Cov:ngton and aremaking a survey for a railroad routefrom Covington up the Licking Riverto some point in Eastern Kentucky,which has not been made public.Keep Out The Flies.Fly screens of all kinds, doors,win-dows, etc., all sizes and v prices.Screening sold by the yard at pricesthat are right. Put up your screensnow and keep out the pests.26-4t LAVIN & CONNELL.Magnificent Awards.Ten thousand dollars in prizes willbe awarded the winners in the grandcompetive drill at the Triennial Conclave of the Knights Templar in Denver in August, 1913. Even at thisearly date a lively interest in the bigevent is aroused among the commanderies of the country.Chairman E. Sir H. W. Hannum, ofthefDrill Committee, announces thatnine commanderies have entered andthat he has assurances at this timethat there will not be less than eighteen in the contest. The commanderieE that have entered are: .St. Bernard No. 35, Columbia. No.63, Woodlawn No. 76, and Chicago Nb.19, all of Chicago; Mount Olivet No.12, Wichita, Kan; Tancred No. 48;Pittsburg Pa. ; Ivanhoe No. 24, Mil-,waukee, Wis. ; Joliet No. 4, Joliet,111! ; PJainview No. .58, Plainview, Tex."Chicago, Indianapolis and Detroit haveentered commanderies for the batalliondrill.Leading manufacturing jewelers ofthe United States -are preparing de-J signs for the prizes, and they will be.BUDmmea to tne committee tnrougnprominent jewelry house, bfDenyerNo expose will be jrehtn'eprizes are expected to be the handsomest ever offered in a competitiveconclave drill. There will be fiveprincipal prizes, but every commandery .competing will receive abeautiful and valuable souvenir of theoccasion. The judges will be officersof the United States army.The drill committee is elated overthe exceptional enthusiasm manifestedthroughout the country among thecommanderies. They say, h'owevei,that Denver's famous summer climateis responsible for this enthusiasm.The drill grounds will have an amplearea and will be turf-covered, whichwill eliminate dust and make marchingeasy. It is confidently believed thatnew records for efficiency will be madeat the conclave in 1913.Boots, Oxfords and Pumps.Plenty of white Newbuck boots forladies, also oxfords and pumps,on sale at Felds' Shoe Store.nowtfSeed Corn.White and16-6fvellow seed corn for sale.R. B. HUTCIICRAFTSTOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTE SA suit for dissolution of theHarvester Trust was filed in St. PaulTuesday.. D. Hume, of Paris, sold last weekto W. A. Thomason, of North Middletown, 25 head of 200-pound hogs, to bedelivered .this week, at $7 per one hundred pounds.The Manager, one of the KentuckyDerby Candidates was stricken withfever at Lexington last Saturday andhis owner, T. C. McDowell is -veryapprehensive over the condition of hiscolt.Sixty thousand pounds of hempwhich was cultivated on the farm ofCol. B. F. Clay, on the Cynthiana pike,has been delivered los Spears & Sons,at the hsmp handling house on Mamstreet.The San Jose scale, that has causedso much trouble in other States, isspreading at a rapid rate, Jand ifstreanous efforts arernbtmadfeion tocheck-It the orchards'of CenttaT Kentucky soon twill be ruined,t During a thunderstorm lightning.strack ana set hre to a b rn belongingto' W. Henry 'Grady in Woodfordcounty, destroying the barn fand corncrib a-'joining. One hundred barrles ofcorn, a lot of timothy hay and strawand four hogs wee '.'burned. The losswill amount to $1,500 or more, with noinsurance. .' Three and. a half million pounds ofleaf tobacco owned by the R. J.Reynolds Company was destroyed byfiire at Winston Salem, N. C., whenthe storage warehouse belonging to J.P. Taylor, of the Taylor Bros.' Tobacco Company, was burned,. The firewas of unknown origin. The total lossis.estimated at -$425,000.Association to Meet in June.'The Kentucky Educational Association which will hold its next annual'session at Louisville on June 25, 26 and27, 1912. was never more .prosperous.There was never a- time when so manyof the progressive teachers of theState were interested in its work. Ithas had a phenominal growth and nowhas a permanent mfr?hership of morethan 1,200 memben fl'ive educationaltopics are discussed .y men and womenwho know. Aside from the splendidprogram, the fine music and manyother advantages, the privilege of seeing old friends and making new ones,and, in fact, the privilege of being a'part of such a meeting stirs theenthusiasm and sends the teacher backto his work with many a new idea andmany a resolutoin that the stay-at-homenever feels.Wool Wanted.Send and get sacks. We are payingthe highest market price for wool.16-6t R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.Notice.Bourbon Circuit Court.John Rector. -Vs.Notice.Thomas Gardner.Plaintiff.Defendant.All persons having claims againstthe firm of Rector & Gardner are.hereby notified to preient the saidclaims to the undersigned proven as isrequired by law. Notice is furthergiven that the undersigned will sit inhis office at the Court House to receiveclaims against the said firm of Rector& Gardner between the hours of 9 a.m.and 4 p. m. from April 23 until June 1.All claims not presented by the saiddate of June 1 will be barred.Master Commisioner of Bourbon Circuit Court.23-30-3 c. a. McMillan.PUBLIC SALEOF-LANDAs agent of the heirs ofJ. T.publicBarlow, deceased, I will sell atauction to the highest bidder,at thefront door of the Bourbon county courthouse in Paris, Ky., about the hour of12 o clock, onM0NDRY,MSY 6, 1912,the following described property:Beginning at 5 on the plat of thedivision in the Circuit Court of Bourbon county, thence N. 2 E. 34 poles to6; thence N. 89 W: 133.28 poles to 24;thence s. z-b J. ..125.56 poles to 25:thence S. 83h E. 128.48 Doles to 20:thence If. E. 91 2-5 poles to the beginning, containing 95 acres and 35poles.This farm is situated on the RussellCave pike, adjoining the lands of Jno,W, Allison, Volney Ferguson and Wm.WJaalejk Is 10 miles from Pans, 16miMrtr.om .Lexinerton. VI miles fromCviTOhlana and 11 miles from Georgetown.-" " .Said sale will be made upon the following terms: One-third cash, one-third March 1, 1913, and onethirdMarch 1: 1914. Purchaser will he required to execute bonds with approvedsecurity, complying with terms of sale,ana Deanng interest at tne rate oi topercent, per annum from date until paid.Lien will be retained for . the deferredpayments.Possession given at once. .. MRS. A. H. JOHNSON.Agent for Heirs of J. T. Barlow, Deceased.Geo. D. Speakes, auctioneer.(27apr-3t)COMMISSIONER'S SALEOP-CITY PROPERTY.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.David Hickman's Admr. - Plaintiff.vs.His Widow and HeirsDefendants.Pursuant to a judgment and order ofsale of the Bourbon Circuit Court rendered at the March term thereof, 1912,in the above styled action the undersigned Special Commissioner will proceed to offer for sale at the court housedoor in Paris, Ky., Bourbon county tothe highest and best bidder at publicauction onSaturday, May 4, 1912,at about 12 o'clock 'noon, upon creditsof six and twelve months for equalparts of the purchase money the following described property:Lying in Paris, Ky., between theGeorgetown road and the Georgetownturnnike fronting on line of lot of thaheirs of Jesse H. Talbott 40 feet andextending back therefrom towardsWalker avenue same width as in front134 feet to the line of Jeff Porter;bounded-on the north byotsaiiiPorter and-on .theSouth byx the lot ofAnnie Sttbeitfip ihe same proper-tyconveyea ro saia nicKman Dy tneV " -1 -x 1 IT- I I leed'aforessudJn Deed .Book 71, page20S, Bourbon County Clerk xs office.Said sale will be made upon the saidcredit of six and twelver months iorequal parts of the purchase money,the purchaser heing required to execute bond for installments of the purchase price with security thereon tobe approved by said Special Commissioner, payabl to said Commissionerbearing ihterst at the rate Of 6 percent per annum from date until paidand having the force and effect of thejudgment and to remain a lien on theproprety sold until fully paid.U. A. MCMULiLiAiN,Spceial Commissioner.Talbott & Whitley, Attorneys.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.aprl9-26may3 .....NOTICE.Persons having claims against the estate of Mis. Georgie Wright, deceased",will present same to Newton Mitchell,properly proven by June 1st.MISS ANNIE M. WRIGHT26-4t. Administratix,Notice .Bids wlil be received by the City Council for lighting the' streets of Paris fromMay 1, 1912, to May 1, 1913, by order ofthe City Council at its regular meetingApril 25,1912.Bids will be received-on or before May9,1912. The right is reserved to rejectany or all bids.J. W. HAYDEN,(3t) Clerk.PARISRestaurant!Kas undergone many improvementsaffording a greater, anfbunt of room.Everything furnished in an up-to-datefashion. Best place in town for ladiesand gentlemen. Everybody says sonow. French chef employed now, assuring a service unequalled at any otherplace in the. city. Prices the lowest,quality considered.QUICK AND NEAT SERVICEParis RestaurantMain Street, jOpposite Agricultural Bank.E. T. 'Phone 734ICALLDAUGHERTYFORFirst Class House and SignPaintingAnd DecoratingScreen EnamelFloor StainsandWaxWhite Wash Brushes and-'. Arihlfiifin the :Brighten-UpLine.LPOPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKYSUNDAY, R75cRoundTripSee the Famous High Bridge BAND CONCERT, High Bridge Park, (Popular Airs.)Tickets sold at GEORGETOWN Zood only on Special Train leaving at 10.50 am.For Fulflnformatron Call On Any Ticket Agent, Or AddressH. C. KlfiGj Passenger and Ticket Agent,101 E. Main St. Phone 49 LEXINGTON, KY.riGifts fcrAll Occasion:.There is no establishment in me c i:iedStates better able to meet your requirements in exclusive selections, of Uianin unique and distinctive selling"; Si.Silverware wrought by erqr'.r-0??'tisans; Gold Jewelry of reGnedartistic character; Sheffield Si!veiwa:hard metal with silver-eJectroplate: 7ware of sterling silver and of pknWatches cf the world's leading rnakHerschede Hall and Mantel Clocknational reputation for case design:,Deals or Whittincton' fact, whh the choicestsmithing, and silversmithing at moderateprices. A Catalog of. Hall and MantelClocks. only is -issued, as 'assortments inother lines -are always changing so as toinclude the latest approved designs. Butselections, insured and express paid, willbeient to those making themselves lcnownas reliable through the CorrespondenceDepartment. A personal vich when inCincinnati will be appreciated.Silversmiths Jewelers GoidtmithsThe Frank Herschede Co.Herschede Buildup, Fourth Avenue, East,Cincinnati, Ohio "THE FAIR!On Friday NextFOR FRIDAY ONIvYScreen Doors at the market'slowest prices. Compare ourdoors with those of other makes.'WINDOW. SCREENS -Inboth Wood and Metal themost satisfactory screen "made.No sagging, no binding, all mortised joints, All sizes in stock,Special sizes mada to order.Acdrew Jergens' Violet Glycerine Soap, 3 cakes in a box, 19c.a box.Cut Glass Tumblers, genuinestar cuttings, 10c. each.Ice Picks, 3.c; Fly Killers, 4c....THE FAIR...Wanted.Position as general workman. Goodhabits. Reference if required. Applyat 821 High St. .(It)For Rent-Five or six office rooms, formerly occupied by Dr. Dudley and Dr. Foster.Also rooms over Western Union -Tele-;graph office. Apply to . "MRS. M. A. -PATON.(30-3t)ONEy 5th75RoundTripj: .:r:2i , 7aride ofjiLt-t.rsrsrorismsICvbPbbm BOURBON NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGCITY LICENSE DUE MAY 1AH persons who are carrying on any kind of businessrequiring a city license shouldsee the undersigned CityCollector at once and takethem out not later than May1.C. K. THOMAS,City Collector.(30-4t)New Manager.Mr. Walter Mastin. of this city, hasbeen appointed as local manager of theStandard Oil Company, 10 succeed "Mr.Emmett Edwards resigned. Mr. Mastin has been connected with the Company for aoout four years.Straw Hat Daysare 'now with us. Get your straw hatfrom us if you want e new correctstyle. S2 to $5.J W. DAVIS & ::o.L. 4 N. Official Laches Here.On 2cccunt of the larjre amount ofconstruction work that is beinsr do e Ion the L. & N the office of assistantKoad Master has been created Mr. J.c. nesue, oi Montgomery Ala., hasbt;en appointed to that position n:dwill have his quarters in this city.Swings.Beautiful new line of lawn and porchswings. The nicest lot we have ever,shown.J. T. EINTON.Early Interurban Cars."Commencing May 1, the CentralKentucky Traction Company put on itssummer sched ule as follows : 6 a. m.cr out of Lexington for Paris.Georgetown and Versailles ; 6 a. m. car outof Paris for lexington ; 5 :45 a. m. zarout of Georgetown; 6:15 a. m. carout of Nicholasville and Versailles forLeixngton.Ices For Sunday.Telephone ub yourorder for "ices forSunday dinner. Ice cream in chocolate, vanilla, strawberry and bananaflavors. Also delightful orange ice.Delivery made to all Darts of the city.Both phones 336.. J. H. BATTERTON.Sonada Wins at Lexington.Sonada, the Star Shoot colt, andC atesby Woodiord's candidate forthe Kentucky-Derby, defeated a fairfield of horses in a mile race at Lexington Tuesday.- Sonanda showedmuch'improvement and was held Jrestraint for the first three quarters, going the distance in 1 :41 3-5 and capturing the 5500 jMirse. -Contracts Awarded.Contractor'fiarry L. Minter haslbeenawarded the. contract for the construction of a "twr stcry brick businessbulding adjoining the old Christianchurch property on Main Street, forMr. Martin Doyle. The contract forthp foundation work has been let toWoods Bros., iumberand mill work tothe Stivers Lumber Co. ; brick work toBappert & George and January &Connell, roofing and ceiling.Berries, Berries.We are receiving them every day.0. P. COOK & CO.Opera at High School Tonight."Penelope, or the Milkman's Bride,"to be played in-the Auditorium of theCity School, this evening, is one ofthe most comic operas that has beenseen here for some time. ' "There will be 'some classic daincingby several of the school's most graceful girls. The School band will 'furnish some of raggiest music as well assome of the most classical. Don'tmiss it. Admission 25 cents.Will Probated.The will of the late C. D. McDonald, of near Austerlitz, this county,was admitted to probate in the countycourt last week. The will bears thedaf. of Feb. 25, 1899. and providedthat after the payment of all justdebts the residue of his estate, real,personal and mixed, be transferred tohis wife, Mrs. Malida McDonald, andrequests the court to allow the widow toact in the capacity of executrix without bond.Gilt Edge ODDortunitv For Investor and Home Builder.Attention'of the readers 'is "directedto page six where appears the largeadvertisement of the sale at auctionof the John S. Jorres lots in the oldfair grounds addition. These Jotsoffer an unusually good opportunityfor the investor or home builder. Thesale cwill take place at 2 o'clock 'p.m , on Wednesday, May 15. Theterms are very .attractive, being onefnrth cash, balance in six, twelve andeighteen months See the plat andread the ad on'page six. ZLodge Secure New Quarters.Rathbone Lodge, No. 12, Knights "ofPythias, have rented the lodge room inthe Varden building, on Main street,and have moved to that building.The Knights ot Pythias lodge members have been holding their meetingsin the Tucker building for the pastt venty-five years, or since that building was first erected.The Knights of The Maccabees, theWoodmen, the Fraternal Union, theForesters, the Ladies ot The Maccabees and the Uniform Rank -df theKnights of Pythias, who have heldtheir meetings in the K, if. Hall,under an arrangement with the K.P.'s, will mcve to the Varden building, their old lease with that oaderhclcing good in the new location.PERSONAL MENTION,Dr. Ben Frank, of NeV York, ishere the guest of his mother, Mrs.Julia Frank.Attorney P. A. Thompson willleave Sunday for Springfield, 0., on abusiness trip.m -Mrs. C. C. Robins, of Winchester,is the guest of her parents. Mr. andMrs. J. W. Bramblett in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Percy Smith, of Cyntniana. are guests of the Jatter's parents, Mrs. A. K. Young, in this city.Mrs. Marion Leaph anH Mro w;iliam Faris were visitors in Lexingtonyesterday the guests of Mrs. Gay Naff.Miss Mary Kenney,pwho has beenthe guest of Mrs. Elizabeth C. Rogers, in Lexington, hasreturned, home.Mr. Arthur HnnnrnV. vohn toqqcalled to'Charlottesville, Va., by thesudden death of hi 3 father, has returned home.Mis Georgia Lackey, who has beenthe guest of Mrs. Thomas "Best onSouth Main street, has returned to herhome in Richmond..Mrs. Lilla Chenault Gay, and Mrs.Calla Gay Jones, of Clark county wereguets Wednesday of Col. and Mrs.John Cunningham at Escondida.Mrs. Mordecai Williams, of Ashland, is the guest of Mr. and Mrs. W.W. Hinton. Mrs. Williams will alsovisit Mr. and Mrs. F. J. Savage onFifteenth stieet.Messrs M. H. H. Davis. G. W.Clay, Owen T. Gibson and H.' B. Fithian went to Lexington to witness thework in the Royal Arch decree of Ma-sonary which was conferred on sev-1era candduates by Grand High PriestSandifer.A message received. by "a friend ofMrs. Cary E. Morgan, of Nashville,Term., was to the effect that she wasto undergo an operation on Wednesdaymorning at a hospital in that city. Thenature of the operation was not stated.Miss Rath Morgan, daughter of Elderand Mrs. Morgan has just recoveredfrom a long and serious illness whichnecessitated several operations. Muchsympathv is felt for this popular family in this cityWool Wanted.We are paying the highest marketprice for wool. See us Jbefore selling.3-3t CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.Porch Furniture.Come in and look at our beautifulstock of porch furniture. Also allkinds of turniture for the lawn, porchshades in all colors and sizes.J. T. HINTON.Straw Hats Today.This morning we put on sale themost complete stock of straw -hats evershown. A shape and a straw to suitevery one. $2 to $5.J. W. JJAV1S & CO.DEA THS.STOUT.Mrs. Frances L. Stout died Monday morning at the Woodford. Hospital, -of'- chronic- Stomach tremble. She-is -survivjed-by two, sons Circuit Judge,Robert!? Stout and Mr. Edward G.Stout of Amanllo, Texas. Mrs..Stout was the lait member of a family of ten children.- She was the widow of Mr. George Stout, who diedeight years ago. She was iri her 80t'hyear, and before her marriage wasMiss Gillespie.The funeral tcok place. Wednesdayafternoon at 3 o'clock at Mrs. Preston Brown's residence in Versailles.Rev. John S. "Shouse. of Lexington,assisted by Rev. R. J. Bamber, conducted the services. Interement inthe Versailles cemetery.Refrigerator Time.Now is the time to think about thatnew refrigerator for this summer. Wehave the largest stock we have, everbrought on. See the line, they are thekind that save ice.J. T. HINTON.Tomato Plants.Lots of nice healthy tomato plants. Jjust ready for the garden.SAUER.Fresh Fish and Fowls.We have them every Saturday.C. P. COOK& CO.RELIGIOUS.Rev. Geo. H. Harris will occupyhis nulpit at St. Peter's Episcopalcnurch Sunday morning. Services at10 :45 o'clock.Rev. T. J. Porter has resigned thepastoria charge of the First Baptistchurch at Winchester to accapt a callto Roanoke, Va.Elder W. E. Ellis, recently 'calledfrm nunthinna to the nastorate of thePans Christian church, will preach hisopening sermonSunday morning.- Elder Ellis will occupy his pulpit also atthe night service.Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive "will be inhis puloif Sunday morning at 10 :30o'clock and at night at 7:30. TheChristian Endeavor will meet at 7o'clock p. m. Prayer meeting Wednesday evening at 7:30 o'clock.As the result of a personal appealnnu mamhor hf thp consrecatibn.the ;Paris Baptist church nas raised ,the sum of $4UU ior nome anu ruieiKnMissions. This exceeds by far anything this church has done in yearsDast for the cause of missions. Thechurch started out to raise the sum of$300 sending out 260 envelopes to themembers,;i60 of which have been returned 'and others are expected.Rev E. M. Lightfoot will be in hispulpit"at the.Baptist church Sundaymorning and evening. The subject forthe morning service will be Neighborly Conduct," while at night he wi 1preach upon ."The Death of a Preacher's Son." The Sunday school will lieo-sn o'clock1. This department. ooJno' in numbers and great.'interest is being manifested by thepupws.' THE BOURBON NEWS,To the Democrats of BourbonCounty.Being proud of the hiah honors 'thtthave hp.Pn hpqfnrooH nn tfonfnnb w 'aj mcsfc brilliatnt son, Champ Clark, andBelieving that he is about to be calledto the highest and greatest office within the gift of anv people, the Presidency of the United States, the undersigned citizens of Bourbon county desire to pledge their loyalty to theicjiative state, the glorious cause of Democracy andto Champ Clark, thegreatest living exDonent of both.We take this means to request thecooperation and support ot all trueD emocrats who believe in the principles of Democracy, pure and undefiled.We sincerely believe it would be thegreatest calamity and an ineradciabledisgrace to the Democracy of Kentucky not to send to the Democratic iNational Convention an unbroken delegation instructed for Champ Clark.We emphasize the fact that the onl.vway to uphold the preference of themajority who desire to nominateChamp Clark, is to send the Kentuckydelegates irrevocably pledged and instructed for the present Speaker ofour House of Representatives.We hereby pledge ourselves to cometo the county fConvention and renderto the cause of Mr. LClark all of theaid'and assistance we possibly can,and we ask that thoae citizens of ourcounty who fevor the Clark candidacyto do likewise. The 25th of the present month has been named as the datefor the county Convention.In order that all of those Democratswho favor Champ Clark for Presidentshall have a just and equal voice in theselection of delegates to the State Convention, and for the futherance of theinterest of our native son. there willbe a Champ Clark Club formed at thecourt house at 1 :30 p. m. ; in the Circuit Court room on ! Monday May ',6,1912.It is important that all Democratsfor IClark, attend this meetng. in order to organize the Clark strength 'andbe on anjequal footing with the 'supposed organized strength of other can;didate.W. D. McINTYRE.C. K. THOMAS.W. V. SHAW.w. m. McMillan.E. M. DICKSON.THOS. W. CURRENT.CHAS. D. WEBB.GEO. L. DOYLE.PAUL HANLEY.1. D. THOMPSON.JUHN BLAKE.JAS. McCLURE. .J.G . ALLEN.JNO. N. SHROPSHIRE.B: F. STIPP.JOE A. FARIS.E. P. THOMASON.C. F. REDMON.JOHN J. K EDM ON.W. G. McCLINTOCK.GEORGE BATTERTON.L. J. FRET WELL.R. H. BURRIS. .A. S. THOMPSON.ED RICE.GEU. W. MORROW.THOMAS P. WADELL.DR. C. B. SMITH.B. B. MARSH. .FOREST LETTON. ' -WfB.ARDERY.' O. B. LLOYD.PEARCE. PATON.J. C. ELGIN.. HARMON STITT.r-f G. K. REDMON.( MABEL ROBBINS.ROBT-. C. TALBOTT. vJAS. M. O'BRIEN. .LEE BEALL.DR. WM. KENNEY.T. P. WOODS.WARREN ROGERS.D. D. CLINE.UEO. D. SPEAKES.GEORGE R. Da VIS.'GEO. H. CROSDALE.E. H. BLAKE.RUDOLPH DAVIS.J. P. DEAN.SIDNEY G. CLAY.PEALE COLLIER.WM. BRYAN, JR.CHAS. E. BUTLER.Ices For Sunday.Telephone lis your orcfer for ices forSunday dinner. :Ice cream in chocolate, vanilla, strawberry and bananaflavors. Also delightfull orange ice.Delivery made to any part of-.thecity. Both Dhones 336.J. li, BATTERTON.Wanted.Two to four good carpenters. Apply toHARRY L. MINTER,East Tennessee Phone 373.ManyYears'ExperienceWith a reputation based upontwenty-five years of successfulbanking experience theThe Bourbon Bank andTrust Co. ;Paris, Kentucky,has amended utsiar.tef'ioas tobe able2to-act'asExecutor or Administrator of Estates as Guardianor Trustee and any other fiduciarycapacity.With ample capital and surplusand long experience, - its TrustDepartments eminently, qualifiedto render efficient service.Bourbon Bank & Trust Co.,.Paris, Ky.Capital and Surplus $146,000X03 per cent, paid on Time DepositsU JPARIS, KEOTUCRY, MAY 3,'A Cure for HoTChoIea.If your hoers arc siplc. romp, in and"get Laughlin's Cholera Cure, and cure.tnera. ine best farmers in Bourboncounty will tell you it cures. For salsonly byCHAS. E. BUTLER & CO.,Druggists.20 tf Opp. Court House. Paris.RoKie" Davis !IU Insurant AgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, . Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best. Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137EdisonandVictorRecordsNow On Sale.Gall in and look themover and hear them playedVictrolas, from $15.00 to- . $200.00, and up.i4-.jutil q9 ao". V 2o-uVeOAUGHERTYBROSZ w-r and- if yoiiJz;a:(P. - S.&VLyjy1912.Special Showing ofLace curtains and DraperiesNow is the Time to Make Your Selections SBefore the Best Numbers Are Gone JI am in a position to show you the largest and best assortedstock m this part of the State. I make a Jspecialityof thisdepartment: nnrl pun cqito -irmt mnnnu A in .c.. . i -, ,v .r- mwiicjr. -Till I UXL : 'Jli ia 13are bought direct from the manufacturers, therefore cutting out the middle-man profit. Many numbers I bnv inlarge quantities, say fifty and hundred pairs - a -rjerice and give you the benefit of the saving, Cu -.;insoldheretofore at595? ow$1.50 $ 6.50 now 5.00g.SO now 1 .75 7.50 now 6.503.50 now 2.50 10.00 now 7.505.00 now 4.00 1 2.50 now 1 0.OOWe have in stnV nnv l'nf, oTTir -rii) i-P z. "j "'""j prn.c cuiu li y uu give m-'us the opportunity will please you.W. Ed Tucker !Agent Butterick PatternsALWAYS THE NU.ir66Nothing BetterNone CheaperTO Cents per PackageAtFEE'S200 FreshOnFRIDAY ando 6o iAed he oher clay of he od 6yle$e of fxrn.ii.xi Xe rta o9'vi had eveA Evince c?VeIreen. maAAied, ha cS sold L o Ae 6 enond-handman and J.ns plain iisen and Iroxah nevs.q9 knew o? uraA iAed o f he old, Lxl g9 did no, knour hour much c$ eould enj.py he neis hinashern,irC,ir a ,- v.on.- pn'v fx.r,nivLejfAojnen rnaAALed a ibniime "noitTn; ".jnr sozg&nxv AMltPfe ' " '7I99Layer CakesSaleSATURDAYi, A. r. - . -.4:6ftThere 'never was a time when fceabieappreciated the 'real, -merits ofChamberlain's Cough Remedy more1- -Jaynesville and New Waythan now. This is. shown by the increase in sales and voluntary testimonials from persons who have beencured by it. If you or your childrenare troubled with a cough or. cold giveiujitckjuuuuuWindow Shadesother shades to streak, wrinkle, fade and6how unsightly J'pin holes." They alwayshang straight and smooth, and reallyshade. And they outlast the ordinaryshade several times over, yet cost but atrifle more.BRENUhl Is made n many artistictones and in Brenlin Duplex colored oneelde, white the other. Come In and let utshow you samples and quote price,it a trial and become acquainted withits good qualities. JFor sale by allCQRN PLANTERSGet results, are not complicated and have all up-to-datefeatures.Look maci better, lastlonger!The success of your windows dependsa the shades. If you furnish, them withshades of Brenlin, good taste and economycan go hand in hand. Brenlin shades notoalylookmuchbetUr.butlestloitger. Theyare made without the "filling" that causesdealers.Queer Material for Nest.The heron is not the only builde'r ofstrange nests. IVild pigeons, the blu3rocks from which all our pigeons aredescended, use whatever lies ready totheir beaks. One of their nests wasfound a few years ago on the roof ofthe Crystal palace at London, consisting mainly of hairpins and pieces ofwire gathered in the grounds.For Sale by J. T. HintonTWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentAll the Latest Ideas inSPRINGCLOTHINGIt would surprise you to know of thegreat good that is being done byChamberlain's Tablets. -Darius Downey, of Newberg Junction, N. B..writes, "My wife has been usingChamberlain's Tablets and finds themvery effectual and doing her lots ofKcod." If youi have any trouble withyour stomach or bowels give them atrial. For sale by all dealers.Good Time.Alice "Did your cousin have a goodtime in Boston?" Kate "I guess so.Mother and I took to our beds aftershe left, and she writes that she toolsto her bed as soon as she got home."Now On DisplayLWOLUSTEINClothing and Shoe DepartmentmResponsibilities of Citizenship. j Siamese Grapefruit.The duties of citizens are not ful-1 In Slam there are three kinds ofilled so long as there is a single hovel grapefruit, all seedless. One kind hagIn a city; a man, woman, or child red meat. Two kinds are sweet andsweated, or a hungry, uncared-for one is sour.Child in their midst. Exchange.Poor appetite is a sure sign of im-Daried digestion. A few doses ofChamberlain's Stomach and Liver Tablets will strengthen your digestion andimprove your appetite. Thousandshave been benefited by taking theseTablets. Sold by all dealers.for Grasshoppers.A concern in Buenos Ayres, Argentina, is about to install machinery tobe used in a factory for producing fertilizing materials. It is proposed toutilize grasshoppers and their eggs,thus converting a destroyer of thecrop into fertilizing material. Scientific American.Lame back is usually caused byrheumatism of themuscles of the back,for which you will find nothing betterthean Chamberlain's Liniment. ForEale by all dealers.They Will Stick Out.The charity that is intended tocover a multitude of sins invariablyleaves some of them exposed aroundjthe edges.JCJLAlso all Types ofRRO WFOR SALE BYl Bourbon Oarage & Supply CoCor. 4th and High Sreets,Paris, KentuckyA Great Building Falls.when its foundation is undermined,and if the foundation of healthgooddigestion is attcaked, quick collapsefollows. On the first sign of indigestion, Dr. Kings' New Life Pills should .be taken to tone the stomach and regu-lata liver, kidneys and bowels. Pleas-'ant, easy, safe and only 25 cents atOberdorfer's.6 Wan Baron sun.Trial over 3-4 Track Sj condsSlow 2:09 1-4Sired by Oakland Baron 2:09. winner ef the Kentucky Futurity. Sireof Gail Hamilton 2:06. Rhythmic2:06, Baron De Shay 2:08.1st dam j&gyptienne, race rec)d,z18. dam of Egyptian Baron or2:09J. Egypttsooe by Mambrino K(tr1279, sire of dady of the Manor 2:04inHeir-at-Law 2.)5 3-4, Lord Derby2:05 3-4. grand sjre of Minor Heir1 :58 J.2nd dam Bay Hamfale&mian (by Hambletcnian 10, sire of George Wilkes(2-:22.) Bay Hamblefonian dam ofHenrietta 2:17. Egyptjenns 2:18, DonFulano 2:22J (sire of Mauae M.2:15 3-4. Best Chimes 2:2 Artie(dam of Artie King 2 :19J, Nora Chimes2:23. Tornado Chimes 2;2, diaVincent 2:28.) Lady Bug (dam pfJune Bug 2:29J) Mink (dam of Comrian che 2:22 J) !Third dam by Gold Dust 150.EGYPTIAN BARON is a black horse15.2. A grand individual and one ofthe best representatives of the greatBarop JViJkes, now known as thefuturity family. He is one of thefastest bEt beaded horses in Kentucky, and has been a mile over mythree-quarter track, which is at leastthree seconds slower than Lexington,in 2:u9i, Icf!? h?J? in lflKt Quarter in :30. Although hV'is a pacer,he was a natural and fast trotter andcould trot in 2:40 at two years old.Vas race 2 little for educatiaon, and"roved himself a. game level headediiiiutih ana if bp E;a;; wepredict 4 report! of :05 of bettor this?ear He haj gerVfefl a few mares, and&rS ooa maiviauais anu xaubarling, out of a pacing mare.m f t . L li.AMn flicis one oi ine oesc iruiteia, awnrlr. t ever had trotted a mile, withfan riova wnrk.. last fall.- in 2:58i. lasthalf in 1:26. last quarter in :42.Egyptian Baron will serve a few approved mares at2BIOLOT S ALE!This is your only chance. Your last chance. Let it be your chance to get a perfect homein a locality that is growing in value every day. .W EI P N ESDAY, MAY 15, 1912,SAI-E BEGINS AT 25 O'CLOCK P., M.These are the best lots that have ever been offered for sale in Paris. They are situated on high, level ground, with a natural drainage. Eachto the street. You wilT save enough on your foundation to pay for average lot. If you are looking for a healthy location, pure air of the country fordren to breathe, this is the place, and with all the conveniences of the city on the car line, electric lights, water works arid benefit of free schools,roadway back of each lot; think of that everything can be delivered at the rear of the house.lot slopesyour chilThere is a$25 to" Insure a Living Foal.Care taken, but no responsibilityassumed for -accidents or escapes.Money due is' all cases if mare changeshands or is pariea wun. mazes K.ep4on grass at $1.00 ner week.DOUGLAS THOMAS, Paris Ky.Flailed Train With Shirt.Tearing his shirt from nis nacK anfihi man flawed a train and saved itfrom a wreck, "but T. H. Alston.Raleigh, N- Conce prevented a wreckwith Electric Bitters, . "l was in atflrrihle nlickt when I began to usethem " be writes, "my stomach, head.bck and kidueyswere all badly affected and my liver was in Daa conauion,"bat feir bottles of Electiic Bittersmsde me feel like a new man." Atrial will convince you of itheir matchi3MMrit for any stomach, liver -or:kiadev trouble. Pi ice 50c at Ober-I . " ? ' " TO THE INVESTORS : ,There are never any vacant houses in this end of Paris. These sites are convenient to the L. & N. railroad hops, and there is a constant demand for renthouses from the best of paying tenants. This property will pay the biggest dividends and makes the -safest investment with a certain growing m value.(One-fourth cash, balance in t, ana 18 momns.COL.MAJORM.D.F. KENNEY,AUCTIONEERS.JOHN S. JONES,E: T. Phones Office, 63; Residence, 60.-dorfer's.3v,;.THE-BOURBON NEWS-PARIS, -KENTUCKY, MAY 3, 1912- -t " ,i .-i -.--.'v.,CORTRIGHT'METALSHINGLESLAID RIGHTOVER OLD WOODSHINGLESNo At no kntKr. mnA uAt maUid they make a thoroughly ttorm-proofand fire-proof roof; neither of which canbe claimed' for the wood shingle.A In Mas . " ' tj- , , . . . , pwc ure (.vk uu more uimn agood wood siuagle, aad in tome placet they cost much less.Roofs put on 26 yean ago are as good as new today, and have never needed repairs.For Sale by Miller & Best Millersburg, Ky.Locanda2:02The Fastest Son of Allerton 2:09Sired by Allerton 2:09X, the world's leading sire of standard performers:dam Kathanna (great brood mare), by Alcyone 2:27; second dam KatieJackson; by Almont 33. Holder of world's pacing record, 4 mile3, 3:15.TERMS: $5b TCTINSURE A LIVING FOAL.Peter Billiken (3) 2:16 1-4Son of Peter The Great 2:07,(leading sire of futurity winners, dam Baron La93ie, by Baron Wilkes 2:18.Winnerof 6-heat race against aged horses.Terms: $50 Jo Insure a Living! Foal.(2) 2.19k r of Black Wig 2:07, Remorseful 2:0S, Dorcas H. 2:08J, Betsy G.2:10, Katherine A. 2:11 (Ky. Futurity winner 1902), Bessie Brown 2:i2,Nedra W. 2:14, Rena Wise 2:15, Sheeney 2:15, Wig Wag 2:1G, (chamrion of Europe) Durgee 2:19- and twenty-three others in 2:30 list-.$25 To Insure a Living Foal.The celebrated James B. Clay jack, will make the season at Maplehurst StockFarm. TomMaek is the best breeder of mules that euer stood in the county.$12 to Insure a Living Foal.W. A. BACON, Paris, Ky.Woodland Stock Farm.9Headquarters for Draft Horses-BLACK PRINCENo. 43710. .$15 to Insure.Black Percheron.Wb. 1760BLACK PRINCE - Bought of theGreenville Stock Farm, is a splendidtype of the draft horse, three yearsold, black Percheron, 17C0 pounds inweight. Has proven to be a sure foalgetter and is the kind of horse thatwill appeal to your fancy both inlooks and work. You can make nomistake in breeding to him.$1 5 to Insure,BURLEYis a splendid specimen of thedraft horse and his get have provento be of the very best. There is a steadily growing demand for the class ofhorses produced by Burley, both uponthe farm and in the cities. Tney canstand more work than the general runof horses. Burley is 7 years old, abeautiful black. He is well formedand of the class that catches the eye.In selecting a horse to breed to, select one who3e produce commandsthe test price.The above horses will make the season of 1 9 1 2 at Woodland Stock FarmAbout 7"miles North of Paris on the Cynthiana"pike.f Money due when colt isfoaled, mare transferred or bre.d to other stock without my consent. Lienretained on ali colts'until season'money is paid. Care taken to prevent accidents but no responsibility assumed should any occur.STERLING HINKSON, Lair, Kentucky.OONSTANZA 44739Bay Stallion, 16.1 hands; 1,20D pounds.Sired by Constantine 2:12 1-2.Sire of 60 in 2:30. "1 dam Katherine Rogers by Sentinel Wilkes .2499 1(Dam of Senorita, trial 2:0324'; rec.,- (Son of Geo. Wilkes 5192:14, Ashlawn, 2:21&, Joe Alverton2:26, Nutlawn trial 2:12X , L 3 ,0 -2 dam Bertha Rogers by Pretender 1453DAM OFDorris Wilkes 2.14Bedelia B 2:14 .PayGirl 2:12 ' .8 dam L&" SDAM "OP . " .Edna Simmons ...2:124 - ' -Belle Sorague 2:20, trial 2:10Grandam of 3 in 2 :304 dam Constance , Hamlefc 1?0DA3I OF '1 Brooklawn ,..2:18)4 j2 Jim Long, sire of 2 in 2:30 .3 Elinora, dam of Bay of Victor : 2:30 . .fy,4 Winnie Constance, clam of Ethel . . .. ?. " "Ray 2:22 ' .5 Mudra, dam of Mudr.ma 2:2u .6 Black Walnut, sire of 1. j Black Hawk:24 "5 dam TCONSTANZA will make present season Brooklawn Farm 2 miles eastfrom Hutchisoa Station 6 miles south from Paris on Bethlehem pike.$10 to Insure a Live Colt.' -GABEt BLACK JACKSIO.OO to insure a liva colt. Season money due when solfc cornea alive.M ires transferred, parted with or removed from county.Aoeidents of everyk'.nd at owner's risk.a ..M..ap- J.L!Am Imjt "S. D. BUKplIllltii:, nuwmtun aj.Lexington E. Tenr. Phone 698 A. 'No Business Transacted on Sunday.NOTES s&oaMHDOWBROOKf&C FARMPullets make best breeders.A humped-up chicken never lays.Dairying succeeds best near a largecity.Wheat bran is rich in egg makingmaterial.With the better poultry is comingbetter equipment.It is cheaper to buy eggs than stockbut order early.As a rule, it will pay any farmer toraise his own horses.It is not economy to try to savetime when feeding sheep.If a sow is too fat reduce her feedand give her more exercise.The hen is the best dividend payeron the farm when handled right.As farrowing time draws near donot feed any corn to the brood sows.A pure-bred dam of course will almost eliminate the element of chance.The well hatched chick should bekept quiet until the end of the secondday.A good dairyman makes a betterinspector than can be hired by anystate.The trouble with all brooders is thatthey are too high, not in price, but offthe ground.After the lamb has its first fill ofits mother's milk, it can usually lookout for itself.At least three weeks before cowsare due to calve the heavy feed shouldbe discontinued.Sheep and poultry were never knownto leave land the poorer for theirhaving been on it.Quick, Intelligent attention will oftensave a lamb or a pair of them, andoften the ewe as well.Some succulent feed should be supplied during the winter to keep thesheep's system in tone.All eggs that are undergoing incubation should 'be examined at leasttwice by means of a tester.A load or two of well rotted manure scattered about the lawn nowwill make the grass thicken up.Turn up a bit of earth with a spadenow and then and see your littlechicks go for the worms and things.If from any cause a cow is veryhih or weak, she should receive spe-'cial strengthening food before calving.Churning should be stopped whenthe butter granules are the size ofwheat kernels, or better, a littlelarger.Carelessness in artificial broodingof chicks brings Its curse as surelyand as swiftly as in any other undertaking. Observation has shown that poultsraised by the turkey hen will averagemore in weight than those cared for'by a hen.Ducking the head of a roupy bird ina mixture of 1 ounce of permanganateof potash to 3 pints- of water will ofteneffect a cure.That cows likes a variety of feed isproven by the fact that they mayoften be found chewing rotten hay,old straw, stalks, etc.. Clover or other legume crop everyfour years is absolutely necessary tomaintain the nitrogen of the soil forcorn, wheat, oats, timothy and likecrops.A litter carrier will add much tokeep the barn clean, because the boysand men will work more readily thanif they had to depend upon the oldmethod.There may be certain lines of farming in which it is difficult to keep adefinite account of the cost and profitbut dairying is not one of these.There Is no excuse for ignorance onthe part of the dairy farmer.The constructing of permanenthighways is rapidly increasing inevery state and territory. This is notonly for pleasure car but also for themotor truck, which in a short timewill play an important part in theI handling of producti, not only .'for theseller but for the producer. ,How's This.We offer one hundred dollars rewardfor any case of Catarrh that cannot becured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.F. J. Cheeney & Co., Toledo O.We tne undersigned, have known F.J. Cheeney for the last fifteen years,and believe him perfectly honorable inall business transactions, and financially able to carry out any obligationsmade by his firm.WALBING, KINNAN & MARVIN,Wholesale Druggists, Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Price, 75c.per bottle. Sold by all druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for consti-Dation.Sir? of a Weak Mind.In mat.r tS great concern, andwhich must be done, there is no surerargument of a weak mind than irresolution. -Tilleston.Now is the time to get rid of yourrheumatism. You can do it by applying Chamberlain's Liniment "andmassaging the parts freely at eachapplicatin. For sake by all dealers.Exposed.Transient "Was the show lastnight the real thing,- as they advertised?" Uncle Eben "Real thing,nothing. It was a fake. The boys exposed it. We got hold of the fellowwho played the villain, and after ridinghim around town he finally confessedthat he wanrt no real villain after all;just pretendin'." Lipplncott's.Low Round TripRAXES,Homeseekers' FaresTo points in Arizona, Arkansas,Louisana, ' Missouri, ;New Mexico,Oklahoma, Texas, Kansas, Nebraska,Montana, Michigan, Wisconsin, Alabama, Florida and Mississippi. Tickets on sale first and third Tuesdays ofeach month with final return limit 25days from date of sale except to destinations in Florida, final limit will he12 days from dnte of sale. Liberalstopovers sllowed in homeseeker territory. We also have on sale daily unliiApril 30, 1912, with final return limitsMay 31, 1912 Wi'nter Tourist tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida. Georgia,Louisana, New Meixco and Texas,with liberal stopovers allowed.For further information, call on orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.Porto Rico's New Wonder.From far away Porto Rico come reports of a wonderful discovery that isbelieved will vastly benefit the people.Raynion T. Marchan, of Barceloneta,writes "Dr. King's New Discovery isdoing splendid work here. It curedme about five times of terrible coughsand colds, also my brother of a severecold in his chest and more than 20others, who used it on my advice. Wehope this great medicine will .vet besold in every drug store in PortoRico." For throat and lung troublesit has no equal. A trial will convinceyou of its merit. 50c and $1.00. Trialbottle free.i Guaranteed by Ober-dorfer.KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."HourlyHigh Speed ThroughService.Paris Lexington FrankfortDivision.Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort every hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m.,ana at iu p. m., tne last car goingonly as far as Versailles .Cars leave Lexington for Versaillesand Frankfort, and for Paris everyhour on the liour from ba.m. until7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p. m., thelast car going only as far as Versailles.Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington and Paris every thirtyminutes after the hour from 6:30 a.m. until 7:30 p. m., and at 10:30 p.m., the last ear going only as iaras Lexington..GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTON-NICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexingtonand Nicholasville- every forty-fiveminutes after the hour from 5:45 am. until 6:45 p. m., and 8:05 and10:05 p.m.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetownevery nour on the hour trom fi a. muntil 7 p. m. and at 9 and It p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville every thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30m. ana at 9:aU p. m. ana 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville for Lexington and Georgetown every fifteenminutes after the hour from 6:15 a.m. until 2:15 p. m. and 10:15 p. m.Daily Fast Freight Service Betweenraris, Lexingtoa, Versailles, Frankfort, Georgetown and all Intermediate Points. Freight Agent's Telphones: Old Phone" 809,. NewPhone 309. -v - ' -Job PrintingWORE DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cbeap Work Done Good!TRE JQB ReOfflS.OFTHEBHRBNNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,)CATALOG ,POSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our" type is new and modernfaces.Che Dourboti news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application;THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 3, 1912Appointed Magistrate.Mr. John W. Shropshire, of nearJacksonville,, has been appointedMagistrate from the Centerville precinct by Governor James B. McCrearyto succeed the late Squire "J. M. Bar-Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies.tfRefrigerators.Our stock oi refrigerators is thelargest we have ever. had. All kindsat all Dricea. Don't forget vte areagents "for the celebrated North Starthe best refrigerator in the world.J. T. HINTON.Have it Put Aside:Select your wall paper at J. T. Hinton's now and have it put aside.r"Ce Borne of Correct Tootwear.DAN COHEN!)1Let Us Solve TheSpringFootwearProblem For You!We have everything that is correct and beautiful All the Latest Popular Spring Stylesare included We have the latest model inPumps in Satin, Gun Metal, Patents, Tans,and White Nu-Buck. These Pumps - aremade on special improved lasts that fit thearch and are none-slips-off . It will be a veryeasy matter for you to select your Footwearfrom our great assortment. We guarantee tosave you money. Come in and get posted.Specials li letLadies' White Nu-Buck, 16-button Boots, made onthe popular broad high-toe last. While Jthey last,only,2 99Ladies' White Canvas Button Shoes, a cool" andcomfortable Shoe for Spring and Summer. Whilethey last, only$1.89Ladies' Tan, Gun Metal and Kid Oxfords in lace orbutton. While they last, only$1.99Misses' White Canvas Button Shoes. While theylast, only$1.49We have the largest selection in White Footwearfor Ladies, Misses and Children, in this city at agreat saving.See- Our Great Line of Ladies'Pumps and Colonials TheyAre in the Lead.DAN COHEN,336 Main St.. Paris, Ky. jMILLERSBUIG ITEMS.Miss Flora Mason is among tde sick.Mr. W. i?. Carpenter is able to be outon the street.Mr. C. P. Clarke and Mrs. J. A. Miller continue about, the same.Mr. E. C. Hawkins left Wednesday,for a two weeks sojourn at Dry RidgeSprings.Several from here attended the circusat Carlisle Wednesday also at Paris,Thursday.Miss Tulia Miller returned Wednesdayfrom Ashville, North Carolina, completlyrestored to healtn.Millersburg- was well represented atthe opening of pie Blue Grass Iyeague atjfaris, weanesary.Mrs. J. M. Alverson, of Lawrenccburg,was the guest of her father. T. G. Allenand family last week.Owing to wet ground the M. M. I,and Cvnthiana ball teams failed to crossbats Monday afternoon.Mr. Richard Mvall, of Kansas City,Mo., was the guest of Mr. O. M. John-sou and family last week.The M. M. I. baseball team met theEastern Kentucky Normal school teamat Richmond, resulting in a score of 3 to2 in favor of M. M. I.Miss Flora Maspn was taken to St.Tosenh Hospital, at Lexington, yesterday by her physical!, Dr. W. G. Dailev,where she was operated on by Dr. Barrow for appendicitis.Miss Don bhtvel one or trie seniors mdramatic reading will give a recital atthe M. F. C. auditorium Friday at 8 pm. All friends and patrons of the institution are cordially iuvitad.Col. and Mrs. C. M. Best, CaptainHoward Freas, Misses Nannie LouiseBest, Faster K. Nell took in the New-York Svmphony Orchestra concert atLexington Wednesday night.Wheeler's adjustable fly screens, . beston. the market, let us make you an estimate. Full line of all kinds of buildingmaterial. Both Phones 62.BUTLFR & MILLFRFOR SALE: Two new riding cultivators, two Browns pivot beam and oneBuckeye pfvot axel. These cultivatorshave never been in the field and weguarantee them in every respect, Wewill "give you a bargain in either or all ofthem. PEALE COLLIER & COThe younger pupils of Miss NannieLouise Best gave a brilliant recital at theM. F. C. auditorium Tuesday afternoonA good progra;n was rendered and theyoung ladies were greeted by an appreciauve auciience; nie numoers werewell selected and equally as well executed. ;Mr, S. M. Allen paid to Peed & McClintock their insurance sustained bv theloss of their barn on April 22. The insurance was paid on Thursday followingtne nre, within lour days after their loss.See S. M. Allen . for insurance. Theabove notice was received in time forlast issue but was unavoidably omitte:.The City Council met in regular sessionWednesday evening, two members ofthe board being absent on account ofillness. The finance committee beingabsent, no accounts were allowed. Dr.Win. Miller and J. A. Miller were granted permits to erect stables and Peed &McClintock were granted a permit ioerect a warehouse on Third street beyondthe L. & N. crossing, and an order wasentered instructing the company to builda crossing. After disposing of this thematter of oiling the streets was thentaken up and Marshall Joe Williamsmade his report which was to the effectthat $267.00 had been subscribed for thispurpose.-Mr. Lettou Vimont received a telegramTuesday morning announcing the deathof his brother, A. T. Vimont, at Ordway,Col. Mr. Vimont was seized with 'ahemorrhage of the luligs about 2 o'clockTuesday morning, dying almost immediately. He was about 30 years old andfor the past four years had been a sufferer of tuberculosis. The most of thistime he had been going from place toplace in vain endeavor to seek health.He spent about 18 mouths at Ashville, jin. . lvast July lie went to Eads, Col.,where he remained until about twomonths ago, when he went to Ordwayand built a beautiful little cottage. Somedays ago his mother received a letterfrom him saying that he had entirely recovered from the grippe and was able tomake garden. The announcement of hisdeath was a shock to relatives here. Hewas the oldest son of Mr. and Mrs. J.M. Vimont and in his early years was aprominent vernier farmer, .omp vmkago ne was unite i m marriage to MrsNaomi Harbaugh of Franklin, Ind, Besides his wife he is survived by his mother, Mrs. Vina Vimont, one brother Mriyetton Vimont, and one sister. Mrs. C.n. Lavson. Hie remains nrrivpfl liarainesaay and will be buried trom thehome of his mother, in Millersburg cemetery this atternoou.The intolerable dust is ha problem in Millersburg, due to the factmac mere nas not Deen a snmpiAtif fvrfmade to abate the nuisance, and in i-hiscase a number of the nrominpnt mfwmicand t)ronertv owners arc rai-wMiM.ciiiu-u Liieir laiiure to contribute to thefund with which to ourchase nil mrBn- A -r - Ul tau" wAV JLILLLO. I J I I 111 IIS I 11" r f 1 f-. CIUllof $267 lias been raised and as there, hasoeen a considerable advance in the priceuuucuii uie amount reauired - will babout 5400, Last year the oil was purcnasea at a cost of $290. A number ofproperty owners ou Mam sfrp.of- . .. - "-v-j. "cue ic-fused to contribute to the fund, but ex-ucjl lo uerive tne benefit from li ias the adioinine- nronerfv mn, a. . J x L J dHUthose opposite have contrihnfer? n!1ri 4-u... - - Liltoiling of the streets in front of theirplaces would necessitate oiling in frontof those who have not contributed a, centm order to dispense with the rWf .i,;v.xiiVllwould menace those who have put theirimiii cdmeu money down lor the purchase of 'the oil. The motive is veryselfish and several of the most prominenttax payers are involved. Ten thousandgallons will be required to oil jtfrin andFifth streets to the depot and Vimonta"CCL- Ali e proserty owners on theside street have contributed liberallybut unless those who are holding offcome up with their portion, there willnot be enough oil .to cover the streetsand those wholiave contributed will demand the return of their money. Colored people and citizens of moderate circumstance L have been the most liberalcontnbuters tofthe tund, and it is distressing that they should be imposed upon in such a manner. There should be.an ordinance enacted and there is aa probability stich action will be taken torequire all the citizens to oil in front oftheir homes. The matter has reachedthe final stage, so those who are holdingon had oest reconsider aud contributetheirshare toward the movement.Injured By Fall.As the result of a fall at her home onHouston avenue Tuesday, Mrs. Wilmoth,the venerable mother of Mr. RobertGoggin and Mr. Carl Wilmoth, asstistantpastmaster, and Mr. Thomas Wilmoth,sustained a painful dislocation of theright shoulder and painful bruises. Mrs.Wilmoth had not been well for spwralweeks and frequently suffered attacks ofdizziness, in an attempt to walk acrossa room she was'eized with a dizzv spell;overturning a chair in an attempt tosteady her.self with the above results.Mrs. Wiimoth is an elderlv Wlv and issuffering codsiderable from the effects ofthe accident, though her physican andfamily are hopeful that her recoverv maybe' rapid.v Lawn Mowers.We can ; save you money on lawnmowers We buy direct from the factory and fgave you the rrniddleman'sprofit. We sell the celebrated El woodnone better.30-4t LAVIN &1CONNELL.For Sale.Fifteen ton of extra fine timothyl:ay for saleCHARLTON CLAY,23-6t E. T. Phone 57.NOTICE.Persons having claims agiusat tl'eestate of Russell Mann, deceased, c erequested to present same, properlyproven, to the undersigned not laterthan May 15, 1912. Persons indebted tosaid estate are requested to call andsettle same.KATE B. MANN,16-6t Admy. Russell Mann.EXCURSIONParis, Ky., toCincinnati, .O.,And Return.SUNDAY, MAY 5, 1912Fare $1.50 And Return.Excursion Train leaves 7thStreet Station Returning to Parisat 7 p. m.Tickets good only day of sale.For further information, call en orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SMITH. T. A.Bank Stock at Auction.I will- sell at public auction at theCourthouse door in Paris, Kv.. on Monday, May 6th, 1912, at 11 o'clock a. m.,(court clay) Id shares of The First National Bank. The shares will be offeredin blocks of five. M. F. KENNEDY.Auctioneer.PIStThejNeftletonJap ModelIs the BusinessMan's Favoritewith its comfortable, roomy fittingqualities, its low,broad heel, and toeexpression of goodsense.We picture the JapModel in a soft GlazedKid Blucher, with aheavy single sole of oldfashioned oak - tannedleather. We have othermodels of the NettletonMake, but recommendthe Jap to the busy manfor every day wear.Geo. McWiiliams.lBAMN6 POWDEAbsolutely PureMAKES HOME BAKING EASYLight BiscuitDelicious CakeDaintyFineFlaky CrustsThe only Baking Powder madefrom Royal Grape Cream of Tartar$1OOWiiS start a Bank Account here andstart-ycu on the road to Success.Cap'taS$100,00,00flflnstiitiirl BanH of Paris$67,500.0;GProtection$267,500.009TWOWAYSo4OTELLINGJlFORTUNECopyncht. 1911. by !D. C. Sowlins Co.BANKBOOKA BANK account with its fhyv r . . --- way. ilUs-vt5i o-en vyimout a baxiK ac-way. Nocount and certainiy no .email one Was ever accumu-dthout a r-csbo. A passbook issued for$10.00 or more. .." United States Deposit rv for Postal SaVii.gs.vye pay 3 Per cent interest on savings accounts! DEPOSIT 0Capita! $1 00,000ANK OF PARIS.Surplus $30,000o