THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY; APRIL 5, 1912ILw$wwUswft(USiyASmtmmIPWWIPTailored Suits,Dresses, Coats,For Style, Quality andPrice, We InviteComparison ' .IWaists Master StyleHigh-GradeMillineryAt Popular PricesTbe Simon Department Store,Paris, KentuckyJrr - - -Uried and Jound SuiltiOf Selling the Most Goods ffor the Least Money-j-16 lbs. Granulated Sugar $T.OO2 cans good Corn 1 5c sfGood Bulk Coffee, per lb .... - 221 -2c WOld Reliable Coffee, per lb . . 30c2 1-2 lb, can Asparagus 20cFull qt. can Karo Syrup . 1 Oc ftNew Orleans Molasses, .per gal 45 c jjk8 bars Lenox Soap 25c ti)Large size Mackerel 1 O or 3 for 25c WMedium size Mackerel 5 c3 boxes Matches 1 Oc tijrBLUE RIBBON FLOUR W25-b Sack : 70c50-Sb Sack $ 1 .401 OO-lb Sack $2.75Now, you cannot say that Paris is a high town on Sjffgrocers, for everybody is coming to Paris to trade at ty?LeniharTs Cash Grocery. 'They get the same, goods for tyless money. ' !fT. C. LENIHAN, JCash Grocery, .Both Phones 234 $Tax Levy Fixed Jor 1912.At the regular monthly meeting ofthe Bourbon Fiscal Court the tax ratefor the year of 1912 was fixed. JudgeDundon presided at the meeting withSquires L. J. Fretwell, E. P. ThomaBon, R. H.-Iiurris, J. J. Redmon, O.B. Lloyd, B. F. Stipp and G. K. Rednvm nrpsenfc.The report of Road Supervisor C. F.Redmon for the month of March wasda of recordThe court ordered that an advaloremtax on all property in Borubon countyfor State purposes for the year of 1912be levied as follows-: To nay courthouse bonds, 6 cents on each $100worth of property; turnpikes andbridges 25 cents ; general purposes 19cents. It was ordered that a poll taxof 1.50 be levied on each male-inBorubon county over the age of 21years. A tax of ten cents is levied oneach one hundred dolalrs worth .ofproperty outisde the city of Paris an1Little Rock graded school district forschool purposes.Accounts to the amount of $1,519.08were approved and allowed by thecourt. The sum of $500 was appropriated for the use of the Road Supervisor for the month of April.Squires R. H. Burris and O. B.Lloyd were appointed a committea toprepare and have published the financial statement of the county. CountyTraesurer S. E. Bedford made his report for the year ending April 1, 1912,which was accepted by the court. Ona mntinn whmh carried tfte courtadjourned to meet on Satruday mornjjing at 9 o clock in special session. 5Mrs. Johnson's New Book CakeCandy Culinary Crinkles.A companion to "What to Cock andHow to Cook It," is now on sale. Itis an attractive book of more than twohundred pages and contains chapterson Garnishing and Serving, and givesmany useful suggestions on TableDecorations, The chapters on Cake,Icing3, Cake Decorations and Confections are full and explicit, arid gives,directions for tuba making, flowermoulding and many things not foundin other bopks. Price one dollar. Sendyour roder toMRS. W. A. JOHNSON,119 Houtsm avenue or Paris BockStora. .WE KNOW HOWBaking Powder Special.Beginning tomorrow and lasting until Saturday April 6, we will sell Royal Baking Powder at the following cutprices. 50 cent size 40 cents, 25 centsize 20 cents, 10 cent size 1 cents.CURTIS HENRY.Fire and tornado insurance.McCLURE &XLENDEN1N.SKISOur Spring SuitsmFORHi Men, Young Men and Boys jArc Now on DisplayIn all the Latest Cuts and a'l the new Colorsat Prices to Suit Everybody's Pocketbook.You are Cordially Invited to Inspect thisLarge Line.Heavy Windstorm.A heavy windstorm swept overParis and Bourbon county Tuesdaymorning c'oing considerable damage.At the store of Mr. Harry Simon onMain street a display case in front ofthe building was damaged, the pisteglass forming the front of the case being demolished".The wind blew a brick from the topot the building near Eighth and Mainstreets and two colored men on thesidewalk wert narrwoly missed.At the farm of Mr. George Wyatt,on the North' Middletown pike nearParisa- large tobacco barn with acapacity of ten acres of tobacco wasblown down and totally wrecked. Thebuilding was empty. Mr. Wyattcarried no cyclone insurance on thestrcuture.Eire,wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & WoodfordTwMrEaster SundayIs Almost Here!The Tinie to Think About YourSpring Suit, and Not Only to Think,But to Buy Everybody Wants New: Clothes for Easter, and When YouThibk About Your Easter Suit, Let it Come FromMITCHELL & BLAKBMORE, Where Bright, NewSpring Patterns Are Here Ready For Your Inspection. High-Class, Ready-to-Wear Clothes that AreBound to Please.Hats, Shirts, Ties and Hosiery, Just the Right Kindfor Good Dressers. Don't Wait Until the Last Day,But Make Your Selection Early.Men's Shoes in Tans, Gun Metals.Leathers and Vici Kids.S Mitchell & Blakemore,I Outfitters to Men Paris, Kentucky jiMillw ..rr tfr3giG3iii!immiiii;iiiiiMTim 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 11 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 iiuMiiuniiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiirii 1I FRANK 6c CO., !The Store Where Reliability Reigns. 1mFR16& & 60. ciotniersmmmNew Spring Hats,New Spring Shirts,INew opnng necKwear,ight Robes and Pajamas, fjmmmtFine Beers.The best line of fancy Deer in thecity, jWoerleih's UarbarGssa, and Wiedemann's bottled beer. The bestdraught beer in town, both light andbock on vap at all times. Give us acall,tf j ED. SLATTERY.Meeting Will Close Today.B The prayer meetings which are being conducted by the C. W. B. M., atthe Christian church during the weekwill close this afternoon, when -Mrs.Fanniebelle Sutherland will present anintere&ting literary ana musical program. She will first give a talk on"Woman's Work in the World. Alonging with "Woman Among the Composers," and giving selections fromthem; Mrs. Sutherland has arrangedthe following attractive program:Woman Among the'Composers.Mrs. F. Sutherland, Soprano.Miss Lucille Price, Violin.Mrs. Wade Whitley, Piano.Mrs. H. H. A. Beach "The Year'sat the Spring," "Ecstasy."Liza Lehman "You And I."Mary B. Ehrman "rorget MeNot," "Sleepy Song."Cecile Charminade "Summer,""Scarf Dance."Carrie Jacobs Bond "Just Lonesome," "A Study in Symbols," "GoodNight."Ellen Wright "Fidelity." "Violets."Guy D. Hardelot "The Star andthe Flower,' "Mignon,''' "WithoutThee."Jessie Gaynor "And I," "If 1Were a Bee," "Cradle Song."A cordial invitation is extended toevery woman in the church to attendthis meeting and recital, and thewomen of other churches will also receive a hearty welcome. The afternoon will conclude with an Easteroffering, followed by d Eocial. halfhour.Cordially Invite Your Inspection of TheirComplete Lines ofBeady -to- Wear Garmentsx,Newest Styles iii . "Ladies9 and fVlisses' SuitsLinen Swats and DressesSilk and Serge Dresses for Street Wear.Linen, and Repp DressesChiffon DancinglDressesReception Gowns and RobesHouse Dresses in Ginghams and PercalesSeparate Coats in Silks, Serges and LinensCome In and Take a LookFrank & Co.Raris, - - Kentucky1i'llIIIJFKllUlLIUllEUILLUniM IrilUll Ull 1 1 1 1 i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 II ll 1 1 H I III LI U 1 1 1 1 1 It II I U II 1 1 1 1 1 1-1 J J U il I H H II til II 1 1 1 1 HI 1 II II 1 1 LI 1 1 1 1 III 1 1 1 Hl3 AmmmmmmmmmmmmwmmmmmTHE " BOURBON NEWS, " PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 5, 1912LIFELONG CURESDISEASED MEN(Estafeliscd 1892) BY A TRUE SPECIALIST FOR MEN. (Establishd J892)There Is absolutely, no patchwork about the results of the course of treatment I.give for each of the diseases I make a epecialty, for .soon after beginning mytreatment every symptom of disease disappears and the trouble never returns.LOWEST CHARGESof Any SpecialistA CERTAIN CUREQUICKEST "CURESThat Stay CuredIr. C I Dollc.is "what I will give you if yenr case i3 curaLIe; if not, I "will notaccept your money and promise to do anything for you. Tue bestreferences I could Rive as to proicssional reliability are the manycured, satisfied patieats I dismiss, which proves that my treatment cures when others fail to even benefit.YOU CAN TAKU MY TEJSAT3IKX r "WITHOUT A CENT ANDPAY AFTER I CURE -YOU. I vraist a chance to provo 1 can euroafflicted, slccptlcal men. . ' 'Ilemember, my treatment is t'ifTerent, baiter md COSTS YOUItOTHINUr unless you ate willing, glad and satialied t- pay mo.THESE ARE TUK DISEASE OF WHJCIi I il.AVM CURKI)SO MANY BIEN MANY OFTWIOBI FAILKD TO Hi.CEiV ACCRE IN TREATING YTITil OlIIER SPi.CIAI.IaTa.r-) 1 T3 OU, TM-nnn.'and liidneya, Enlarged Glands, Kervous-Jalood iroison,bk:m Diseases : Ecss, swoiiins, rnc Acid.Hash. Sore Month sr Throat, Swollen- Glands. Mucous Patches, Copper-ColoredSpots, Rheumatic Pains, .Eczema, Itching,learning, Nervousness.Nervousness, Weakness,Failing Health, "ffiJllemery, X.ors of Energy, Drain on thoAmbition, Wornout Feeling, Timid, Kcadiiclie, Backache, Excesses, 3Ielancholy,Easily Excited, Restless at Nightarc someof the symptoms that destroy manhood.Urinary, Kidney and. Bladder"nicoocpc Obstructions, Straining, ! Li H-XlSeaScS Pain in Bad:, Bladder Rheumatism.' FREE CONSULTATION AN"D EXAMINATION. TTrito for Freo XJoolc. QuestionJBlnnk and get my Charge, Terms, Tims of Curo and Full Information FREE.Varicose Enlargementii a kncltv, bunchy, twi.ted, worm-likecondition of veins, moro often oa left side,hauling lower.Symptoms Aching or Pain in Groin orRack. Nervousness, "Weakness, Loss ofVitality, Lack of Ambition.I cure Varicose Enlargement by onetreatment in one visit, without a severesurgical operation cr suffering, or keepingycu away from business.Acute Diseases-l'iSSAddress or call onDR.C. L. DOLLE, Alen-Specialist525 WALNUT STREET,Between fith and Oth Avenues,(Near Fountain Sq.) Cincinnati, O.SIGN THIS COUPON FOR A VALUABLEBOOK FREE.C. U D0LI.2, A. n., 31. D., 52j Walnut Street, Clnrlnnatt. Ohio. Please rend me free one or your books"Vital Facts for Men; also Queatioa BlanX, as I desireti dewribe ray cass to you for the purpose of takingtreatment, if I decide jou can cure rxae and yourcUar it ii low enough U suit me.Address .Tri-State.3;I Bourbon LaundryD.WIS & FUNK, Props.Office Opp. Postoffice.SI Telephone No. 4.asA P rficular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thorough-painstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Bourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky.wfw$MNordica at Lexington.One of the world's greatest singers,Mme. Liljian Nordica, a queen of theoperatic estage and the greatest Wagnerian singer in the world, will appear,at the Lexington Opera House, in concert on Monday April 15, 1912.Lillian Nordica has a place all her1 - -C A T I !own in me nearia 01 American puoncand she has even succeeded in conquering the narrowness and predjucies ofthe Eurpean capital, for there as here,she has been claimed as one of theworld's greatest singers.It can be indisputably said thatNordica is the most popular of all prima donnas. To the student of musicher singing is ever an inspiration,while to the causal music lover andgeneral public it is an unfailing sourceof delight.In days to come, never to have heardNordica will be considered as great aloss of opportunity as it is looked uponin this generation never to have heardJohnny Lind or Adelina Patti.At her concert not only will wehear Nordica, but the program willhave an additional attraction, in fact,two, in Myron W. Whitney " the eminent American hasso. and RomayneSimmons, the great accompanist.Tne sale of seats will open TuesdayApril 9, all orders accompanied by aremittance will receive prompt attention. The prices will be lower floorS2.00; Balcony, $1.00, S1.50 and $2.00;Gallery 50 cents.Convert Gives Up Burglar Tools.Converted by the Salvation army, aburglar stood before the congregationat the hall in Spokane, Wash., anddrew forth two revolvers, an electricflash, a jimmy and other parts of aburglar's outfit. He said that he haUintended to rob some stores, becausehe was hungry, until he heard theirmusic.i Deeply Rooted Ideas.It is true that a woman suggestsbeef tea as a universal panacea forall ills. It is certain, on the otherhand, that a man always believes thata woman always feels better for lyingdown. S. Macnaughton.Strong Inducements.An Indianapolis woman answeringrooms offers the following Inducements: "Myself and husband areaway all day with steam heat, hot water and all modern improvements."Turkeys In Hawaii.In the mountainous districts of Hawaii wild turkeys are very numerous,and form an important resource forthe wandering camper. They are, ofcourse, imported American turkeysgone wild. Some of the stockmen liberated domestic turkeys, and theypromptly took to a bold life and arethriving excellently, their only foe apparently being the mongoose, whichultimately will prove their undoing.This simply shows how readily domestic stock harks to wild life when given an opportunity.THE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP, -PublisherEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter or the second ciassjAlien Property Holders.The law of the land respects theright of citizen and alien alike to haveand to hold property. The alien resident in vac United States may dispose of his-property by will with thesame feeling of security as the American. This is equally true of thealien who has taken steps to makehimself a citizen of the country.From Small Beginnings.Men who have made their fortunesare not those who have had five thousand dollars given them to start with,but started fair and with a well-earneddollar or two. Grace Greenwood.Tip From the Walter.- "Everything comes to him whowaits, I suppose," said the restaurantdiner patiently. "Yes, suh," answeredthe negro waiter, "but the gentlemanwhat won't wait done gets his first."Life.IIOneof Our SpringNow On Floor.StylesIWe now have in our repository a complete line 'of Stanhopes, Phaetons, Buggies and Run-a-bouts of Columbus,Babcock, Houghton and Post makes. Let us show themto you before you purchase.IYERKES & PRICHARD IBoth 'Phones 66ADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements. $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices. 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar mat! er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.Why Have "Nerves?"rhis is the reason why women have "nerves." When thoughts begin to ironcloudy and. uncertain, impulses lag and the warnings of pain and distress are senlike flyiri messages throughout limbs and frame, .straightway, nine times in ten, awoman wilflayhe cause of th trouble to some defect at the point where she firstMt it Is it a headache, a backache, a sensation of irritability or twitching anduncontrollable nervousness, something must bs wrong with the head or back, awoman naturally says, but a!i thtime the real trouble very often centers m thswomanly organs. In nine cases out cf ten the seat of the difficulty is here, and awoman should take rational treatment for its cure. The local disorder and inflammation cf the delicate special organs cf the sex should be treated steadily andsystematically.Dr. Pierce, during a long period of practice, found that a prescription madefrom medicinal extracts of native roots.without the use of alcohol, relieved over 90per cent, or such cases. After using this cemedy for many years in his private practice he put it up in form of Dr. Pierce's" Favorite Prescription, that would make iieasily procurable, and it can be had at any store where medicines are handled.HR3. Lila B. Hawkins, of Zeus, Ya., writes: " I had been failing in. healthfor two years most of tho time was not able to attend to my household duties-.Eemale weakness was my troublo and I was getting very bad but, thanks to DoctorPierce's medicines, I am well and strong asain. I took only three bottles of Favorite Prescription,' and used the 'Lotion Tablets.' I have nothing but praise forDoctor Pierce's wonderful medicines." -TAKE DR. PIERCE'S PLEASANT PELLETS FOR LIVER ILLS.The risrht of Dublisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Soace is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.President Taft's Veto.When a woman purchases $10 worthof woolen dress goods, $4 87 of that$10 represents the value of the goodsand the remaining $5.13 of the $10 theamount of the tariff. In ether words,should the purchase be made in England, where there is no tariff onwoolens, the woman would receive thesame amount and quality of dressgoods for $4.87 that she pays $10 forin this country.This is because of the Payne-Aldrichad valorem tariff rate of 105 per cent.Wneri tne Democrats came into powerin the House of Representatives theyframed a bill which would reduce thetax on woolens nearly 40 per cent. TheSenate passed a similar bill. PresidentTaft vetoed the bill, which preventedcheaper and better woolens to theAmerican consumers. The Democraticmajority of the House now presentsthe bill again.President Taft will have less excuseta veto the bill than before. He declared on the first occasion that acertain tariff board had not made itsreport, tlnd that to permit a reductionof the duties might make it impossiblefor the woolen manufacturers to "protect" their working men.The tariff board report justifies adownward revisicn of the woolenschedule. Then since the presidentvetoed the wool bill there haB been astrike of the textile workers at Lawrence, Mass , which has revealed beyond arguments and beyond contradictions that the woolen truat magnates have been fooling and cheatingthe public all the time. The strikeof the $6, $7, and $8 a week men,women and children in tho woolenmills brought to light the fact thatwhile the mill owners have been declaring they were "protecting" thtirworkers with fair wages and decentworking conditions, they have beenpaying them starvation wages andtreating them almost Ike animals.The last leg has been knocked fromunder tthe wool tax argument, andPresident Tatft has no excuse left toexplain a veto of the Democarticdownward .r.ey;isipn .wool. bill.. ..ThePresidenteto'ed3the,frst3w6ol bill not5"for the welfare of either 6,oTrsumetrs. Hwoolen mill workers, but at the behestof the millionaire woolen trust ownerswho contributed to his campaign fund.If he vetoes the newly introduced woolbill it wil tie for the same reason, andthe people will so understand it.Idea of Prosperity.Having money to deposit in " thebank in the middle of the week wouldbe our idea of getting on in the world.Detroit Free Press.Look for the Light.Learn to look for the light. Positively refuse to harbor shadows andblots, and the deformed, the disfigured, the discordant. Hold to thosethings that" give pleasure, that arehelpful and inspiring, and you willchange your whole way of looking atthings, will transform your characterin a very short time. Orison SwettHarden.The Simpler Way."Send for the business manager,"said the editor of a great magazine."What's the trouble?" inquired thecontributing editor. "I want to tellhim that hereafter when we supporta presidential candidate we'll avoidpossible confusion and da it in displaytype at regular advertising rates."Made in Presence of Customer.An enterprising Chicago dairymanhas recently added to his list of. electricity-drivenappliance a one and onehalf horsepower motor for driving achurn. His patrons buy cream ofhim, and for a small charge have itmade into butter on the spot. Themethod is not only an excellent advertisement for the tradesman, but isalso instructive for the children andothers in the neighborhood.'GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EIBALIER.BOTH 'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHT S99.Why not you join the great army ofcustomers and burnftNow Is the time to try a load.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.ilili i 'i iir 1 1 " n 1 HNiEast Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATED-For reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, Nrth Middletown, Littlef RockRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee serviceHAVE telephone service 'anyouThe East Tennessee Telephone Coi Incorporated..NOTICENEWBARBERHOPMpderri Bquipmftit, (B Barbils. U Jam Paying from 50c to 75ceach for Sheep hides.TaIlow5 and 5 1 -4c per lb.MAX MUNICK,8th Street, - ' PARI"3, KY.. Call East Tenn. Phone 374Jlnnk LaiigbornManicuring 35 Cents,- Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtfEast Tenn. Phoe 669M BarbHot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDJoe. G. Mitchell,Against Rr.e, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying com-panies.Phone 162Agent.LO WRY & TALBOTTALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.TOWS. COO'JjuAJ'.STirj a 'MAJESTIC fj'riii: s- HSSl' . right MA!oR""''will not be yours unless youhave aMajestic RangeYour Kitchen!iny Come in and see them. TheyJare the best made.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 5, 1912WASHING SILK BLOUSEhas helped countlessthousands oiF thin, weak,detfcate children madethem strong, plumpand robust.It creates an appetite,aids digestion, fills theveins with rich redblood.After illness or lossof weight from anycause, it brings strengthand flesh quicker thananything else.ALL DRUGGISTS11-16LOST.Pocket knife on streets of Paris.Same had emblems of Shriners lodgeon handle. Finder return to Newsoffice and get reward. . 29 3tReds that Lay63 dozen eggs from 30 pullets duringDecember, January and February.ggs $i.dw per setting or lo. Also agood rooster and a few good pulletslor sale.26 3t MRS. M. H. DAILEY.CRULLER PARTY GREAT FUNiHere Is Suggestion for Inexpensiveand Most Pleasant Evening'sEntertainment.If you are looking for an easy wayto plan an evening of pure fun, thennave a cruller party. Word the invitations thus: "Who likes crullers? Ifyou do, then come help make them atthe home of . on the evenine- of-, and be prepared for the kitchen. This is written on the back ofa cruller, made out of water-color paper and tinted brown.The guests gathered quietly on theporch and when the door was opened,it revealed a group of kitchen maidsand chefs, much to the delight of thehostess. The guests were usheredimmediately into the kitchen and thefun began with the mixing of ingredients, particular "work, and one suggested that' he see that every one elsedid their share, as a large sign hungover the table, "No work, no eat."When the frying was nearly completed each was given some doughand told to design the most artisticcruller possible and fix it absolutelywithout help. Such fun as this created, especially to those who knewhow, but were not permitted to tell,that a particularly fine design wasdestined to come out an unsightlymass or a too frail affair would be removed in pieces. A late arrival washanded a plate of fearfully and wonderfully made objectsan Qg to decide wnicn was xne nest rorm andgeneral appearance. The hostess hadcollected a number of suggestive advertisements, such as a flour grill, adish of crullers, a pail of lard, acookstove. These were mounted ongray cardboard and passepartouted inplaid, making unique and attractivesouvenirs. "While the coffee was being made ready those who had chosendishwashing were kept busy at thetable. The dishes were large reproductions of the invitations and thefavors were tiny coffee pots such ascome in doll sets. As the crullersand coffee were enjoyed each one tolda joking story in some way connected with cooking.Eggs for Hatching.Rhode Island Reds and Indian Runner Ducks, good stock, $1.50 per setting of 15.26 3t JOS. VARDEN.FOR RENT.I have for rent or will lease forterm of years the best livery and salebarn in Paris, Kentcuky. Situatedcorner second and Mam streets, opposite Windsor HotI, posseession givenJan. 1, 1912. E. T.P hone 198.J. H. BUTLER.12 tf Paris, Ky.Eggs for Hatching.White and Buff Orpingtons, $2 to $3per 15.J. H. DOTY,322 Main St.. Paris, Ky.WANTED.0WHITE ONES MUST BE DEALTWITH BY THEMSELVES.Soap Jelly, Freshly Prepared, the Bestto Use Some Minor Points, ThatMean Much, Well to Keep inthe Memory.M AboundBy experienced man, position onfarm as overseer or to raise crop onshares. Apply at this office.FOR RENT.Cottage on South Main street containing live rooms, hall and large backporch. Call E. T Phone 80.22 3t MISS JULIA EDWARDS.Duck Eggs for SaleImpend Mammoth White Pekinduck eggs.75 cents per dozen. AddressHORACE MILLER CLAY.19 Gt Route 7, Box 5, Paris, KyHot milk added to potatoes whenmashing them wilPkeep them frombeing soggy.A pinch of salt thrown into the coffee pot will improve the flavor of thecoffee.A piece of flannel dampened incamphor will polish mirrors.Castor .oil becomes tasteless ifbeaten and thoroughly mixed with thewhite of an egg.The best floor covering for a children's playroom is cocoanut matting,which can easily be taken up andshaken twice a week.When a blanket becomes too thinfor the bed do not destroy it. Itmakes a nice silence cloth or pad for.the dining-room table.When packing tie in bottle corkswell and put the bottle in the middleof the trunk. If carried solidly inthis way they will carry around theworld.After the bread is mixed and molded grease the mixing pan in which itis to stand while rising, and the easewith which it can be taken from thepan when making into loaves will, bea pleasant feature of the work.Please don't fail to try this at thenext bread mixing.When the washing and' ironing ofsilk is so easily done there is probably nothing so practical and useful asthe silk waists. When preparing towash silk waists separate them intocolors, putting the white ones alone.Soap jelly is easily prepared, and is avaluable help. It should not be keptfor longer than a week, as it soonloses its strength.Have ready three bowls of lukewarm water, ana" into two of tbemplace some of the soap jelly. In thefirst bath plunge the waist, having theright side uppermost. Squeeze thesoapy water gently through the fabric,keeping it well under the. water, andpaying special attention to the neck,wristbands and armholes. When thewaist is well washed in the first watersqueeze the water out of it. Neverwring the garment. Turn it on thewrong side and repeat the process ofwashing in the second bath of soapywater. Squeeze w.hen well washed.Shake and rinse in clean, warm water to remove the soap. "Then rinsein cold water, and if possible in running water. In. order to make whitesilk a good color rinse in blue water.Silk must be ironed while quite damp,or it will have a rough, unfinished appearance." Use a moderately hot ironand place a piece of muslin between itand the right side of the silk. It hasbeen found that a hot iron yellowssilk and gives a crimped, rough appearance. Iron the silk to give it agood gloss. Lace trimmings on thewaist should always be ironed on thewrong side, as lace is never supposedto have a gloss.THREE-ROOM OUTFIT FOR $T3.pnngTime is HereAfter being housed up so long and looking at the old furniture, mCarpels, Rugs and Mattings, am sure that you are planning to getsomething new for the home. We are headquarters for suchthings.Rooms and Board.Desirable front rooms and board forboth ladies and gentlemen. FApply to .MRS. WALLINGFOKl),Cor. Pleasant and Duncan Avenue.FOR SALE.Three houses in Henry Addition andone lot located near Main street inBarnes Addition and facing on Barnes2venue. Very desirable for railroadmen. Cheap if sold at one?.WHITE VARDEN,Home Phone 125 or at Postoffice.HORSE CUPPINGPrepare vour horses forspring by having them clipped now. We are preparedto do clipping in a sales factory manner and at salesfactory prices. Call on us.TRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. . Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Eighth Street Both Phones.Helpful Hints.Cocoanut matting "may be cleanedwith a large coarse cloth dipped insalt and water and then rubbed dry.Knives which have been used foronions and smell of them can becleaned by drawing them through apiece of carrot two or three times.To remove hot water marks fromjapanned trays use sweet oil. Rub it inwell till all marks disappear, then polish, the tray with dry flour" and a softcloth.When gilt frames or moldingTo Renovate a Black Coat.To. freshen and renovate the blackcoat which is perfectly good forfurther wear but lacking in freshness,brush it thoroughly hung on a line, orbetter, on a coat form against a wallin the outside air. After every speckof Superficial dust has thus been removed, take a soft cloth of some blackmaterial, dip it in half- a pint of gasoline, squeeze it a little and quickly goover the whole coat, rubbing lightlyand paying special attention to anymarks which may show on the cloth.Leave the coat In the outer air forsome hours, that every trace of thegasoline odor may disappear; then,should any rusty marks show' alongthe seam, or any glossy places be visible, sponge with a pint of strong coffee (clear) containing a teaspoonfulof ammonia. When nearly dry presson the wrong side with a hot iron, oron the right side, using a cloth underthe iron. The coat will be wonderfully freshened by this treatment.Starch Which Does Not Stick.Straining starch is so troublesome;make starch that requires no straining. This is the way: Put on sufficient clean water in a wide pan, andlet it come to a hard boil. Meantimemix up your starch in cold water tothe consistency of thick cream, takingcare there are no lumps. When thewater boils remove it from the fireand instantly stir into it the mixedstarch. Keep stirring till it looksclear the heat of the water will cookit without making a lump. A very littie lard, a quarter teaspoonful to thegallon of cooked starch, makes thingsiron a little smoother. But with orwithout, starch made thus 'does notstick to the iron. It is worth while,though, to rub the iron lightly over aparafined cloth, to prevent any possibility of smutting.CHIPFOROBES.KITCHEN CABINETS.rA solid American ' quartered Chiff orobe,highly polished, sliding rack, large openingdoor, for hanging clothes, five drawers andhat box, for only ' .S1G.TSTttEvmaA solid oak Kitchen Cabinet, glass' doorstwo bins for meal and flour,' two small drawers, meat and biscuit board, large table- topsmall drawers for spicesSto.so. Also agent for the Hoosier Kitchen Cabinet, the greatest step saver in the world$25.00A. F. WHEELERCHAS. GREEN, Manager.Main and Third Sfs.& CO.Opposite Court House.Musical Sands.Musical sands have been known for1,000 years and it is believed thatthere is a reference to them in oneof the tales of the "Arabian Nights."But nature produces much finer results. There is the Mountain of theBell on the shores of the Red sea,which makes extraordinary soundsand boomings when the winds set thecountless millions of particles rubbingagainst each other and vibrating.To Clean Nickel Silver Pieces.J To clean and remove the tarnishI :rom your sterling silver-mountedtoilet articles and the nickel-ware,, make a light warm bath of a quart of; 'arm (fairly hot) water and threei iablespoonfuls of liquid ammonia,of i Take a piece of thick, rousrh flannel.Policemen Dog's Only Enemies."With unconscious humor, a womansummoned at Brentford, Middlesex,England, recently, on a charge of-allowinga ferocious dog to be at large,pleaded that it was friendly with everyone but policemen, and it had never bitten anyone else.Embroidery and Stamping.1 will be glad to have you call andsee -my up to date work. Can supplyyour needs at reasonable prices. Calland see my work. I am also geting upa class in needle work.MISS JJDA B. DUERS0N,No. 305 Main street.At Mrs. Corne W. Baird's Millintiytore. E. T. Rhone 389.rooms nave specks of dirt, irom nies j iip it in the bath and use it to rub theand other causes upon them they may j articles, which will soon shine withbe cleaned with white of egg applied j their wonted lustre. As some partswith a camel's hair brush. may be deeply engraved or in relief itTo clean dust stained alabaster or- aiay be necessary to use a smallnaments,make a paste of whiting, soap brush, such as an old tooth-brush dipand milk. The paste must be left to ped in the solution to clean and brightdry on and then washed away, the Bn the grooves. A little patient effortsurface being then dried with a cloth ! soon bring pleasing results, makand then with a flannel, when the or- ing the articles look like new Thenaments win oe iounci clean and un-. Rnai polish shm, h ;fi, cffMT " 3 f Hi 1 1-1- fcharmed.Russian Vegetable Salad.' Cook some carrots and turnips inboiling salt-water, adding a little butter when nearly done. Have one ortwo beets boiled until tender, then2hamois, or lacking this, use an oldglove of undressed kid.Hot Chicken Toast.Chop cold chicken meat fine, put iti into a stewpan, add one cupful of milk,a lumn of hiitter the rio of an pitp-peeled. With a vegetable scoop cut salt and pepper tQ and thickenit with a little flour, stirred in water.the vegetables into round, olive-shaped and sized balls about a cupful of each. Have also the sameamount of asparagus points and stringbeans. Cut Into small pieces two dozenstoned olives and a tablespoonful eachof capers and minced pickle. Add tothe vegetables, together with a teaspoonful each of chives, tarragon andchervil. Toss lightly together, heap ina salad bowl and cover with mayonnajse. Garnish with olives, pickles andhard-boiled eggs.Take thin slices of bread, place . onespoonful of creamed chicken betweentwo slices of bread, put the sandwichon a plate and pour a large, spoonfulof the cre&m. over it. Serve withcrisp hearts of celery or spiced'pickles.Molasses Cookies.One cup molasses, one cup sugar,one cup melted shortening, preferably I nofc BCQTR washing.machfne; andThe Ideal Kitchen.Let your pocketboOk save yourstrength and time by investing inevery practical labor-saving device.Have a bread-mixer, a cake-mixer, acombination cream, egg, and mayonnaise beater, a meat-grinder, etc. DoPrepare for the Future".If ever there was a time in the history of this country when gettingready should be the order of the day,that time is "right now." Clevernessto see things ahead and diligence toget in line for what common sensetells us is surely coming are the foundation assets of 98 out of every 100successful business men. RobertBrown.His Point of Anxiety.Son-in-Law (superintending mother-in-law'sfuneral) I suppose eryou've, dug it deep enough? Bystander.'A Toot.King Olaf "What ho, varlet! Bringforth mydrinking horn." The Varlet"Here with the drinking horn, kid.'The old man's going to have anothertoot."Professional CardsJJ. WIL.L.IAIYIS,ATTORNEY-AT-LA.W.Room 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARTS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones j 0leTse. -b E. T. 384.DR. A. H KELTjEK,Practicing Physician,..OfBces,!Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's-Blcl'g.Paris, - KentuckySugar From Pajms.Sugar of a superior quality is being extracted from the sap of the ripapalm of the Philippines, and, if an industry should be developed, may addconsiderably to the world's supply.Hitherto an alcoholic -beverage hasbeen made from the sap.One .Way of Describing Americans.Nowhere is the architectural sensemore rigorous and scholarly than inwriters from the land of Babel-likesky-abrasion. London Saturday Review.Women as Preachers.One reason why women are forbidden to preach the gospel is that theywoud persuade without argument andreprove without giving offense. JohnNewton.Temptation's Gay Colors.Many a dangerous temptationcomes to us in fine, gay colors thatare but skin deep. Mathew Henry(1G62-1714)). .neeiarippiDsorcouiai, uuB uuiF0wCCi. t h h th h . . .milk, one teaspoon ginger, one large They gaye numberte8B st and mucllteaspoon soaa, 2 teaspoons salt, ;flour h t .Hk ,lo roll.Bull Might Object.The person who advises you to takethe bull by the horns never seems tobe considering what the bull migMbe doing in the meantime.MICHELINTIRE PRICESReducedEFFECTIVE FEBRUARY 19th, 1912As last year, MICHELIN was first "As Usualto give tire users the benefit of reduced prices.COMPARISONS SHOWING SAVINGSIZEENVELOPESINNER TUBES32x334x435 x 437x5FORMER.PRICESNEWPRICESFORMERPRICESNEWPRICES$25.85 $24.5039.10 35.75$ 6.25 $ 5.7552.9066.1047.2558.758.6012.2012.208.0011.0011.00Courage."it is-hard to discourage a good appetite -f - 'N. - . H' ; : --r- :THE SUPERIORITY OF MICHELIN TIRESIS RECOGNIZED ALL OVER THE WORLDIN STOCK BYBourbon Garage' & Supply Co., 4lh and Main.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 5, 1912ft.k1n1t'1, 6iiDiamonds!IIWe Are Showing This Spring aLarge AssortmentDiamond Rinmm l3s 0Perfect, Clean Cut, White Goodsin 14kTiffany Mountings, for$209 $25, $30 and $40 eachAccording to Weight See Our WindowDisplay of Same Every StoneGuaranteed.IWe Have Just Received a Line of theThinest Watelies... MadeWith Elgin or Waltham Movement for$18.50 EachThe Nobbiest and Best Watch EverSold For the Price.IFor Spring and EasterWear LaValliers and Drop Ear Rings, They Are inVogue. We Carry a Full and CompleteStock of these Goods at all Prices.Our Line of Wedding GiftsSterling Silver, Cut Glass and Hand-Painted Chinais Immense and Varied, and you should calland see our Stock before purchasing.'THE HOME OF QUALITY."Shire & Fithian.JBiiiiding New City in West.Pensacola is the name of the newrailroad station and townsite that willbe located on the farm of Mr.J. SimmsWilson, near Vinita, Oklahoma, andwhich is destined to become one of theliveliest western towns in Oklahoma.The Missouri, Oklahoma & Gulf Railroad Company has adopted a routethrough the center of the 1,100-acreranch of Mr. Wilson and has located astation on his property. The M. 0. &G. R. R. is partly built, and when completed will reach direct from KansasCity, Mo., to the Gulf.Mr. Wilson's ranch is on GrandRiver, one of the most beautiful streamsin the "West. The land being in NorthEastern Oklahoma, which is the richestpart of the State, and only 200 milessojth of Kansas City, makes its prospects for success as a commercial center most flattering.The people around Vinita and othernearby towns to the Wilson townsite,are most enthusiastic about the newto tfn's prospects, and they predict thatthe town will have a population of morethan 1,200 in less than twelve months.Mr. Wilson has a surveyor on theground laying off the city and a number of applicants are insisting that hesell them business locations. Amongthe ntemrises that are looking: for alocation is a large lumber concern, whichwishes to get a site for a retail lumberyard. Applications from five financialconcerns, wanting to start banks in thenew city, have been received, besidesnumerous other business enterprisesthat are necessary in a hustling western town.It is said that the official of the M.O.& G. railroad people are preparing toerect several nice business blocks inPensacola. and it is understood thatthey have given Mr. Wilson every assistance in making his townsite, Pensacola, Okla., one of the best towns onthe line.The price of land around Pensacolahas advanced by leaps and bounds sinceit became known that work had beenstarted on. the road, and Mr. Wilsonland, adjacent to tne townsite is certain to be worth 100 per acre or morein the next twelve months, to say nothing of the immense amount or moneyhis townsite should bring him.The contract for the railroad to theWilson farm has been let, and the contractors are under bond to enter hispremises not later than August 1.Wm. Keneficke, a wealthy KansasCity, Mov capitalist, is the Presidentof the Missouri, Oklahoma & Gulf Railroad Company, and his son-in-law, JohnW. Hoffman, is the general manager.Mr. Hoffman has recently sold hishandsome home in Kansas City, andhas moved to Oklahoma to reside, thatlie may be on the ground to push hisjjjrailroad to completion.Police Court.Jas. O'Rear alias Staten Fetlock,colored, was before Judge Januaryyestreday and was heid to the grandjury on two different charges. Thefirst being house breaking, havingbroke into the house of Henry Miller,colored, and taking $1 in cash, cooking range and heating stove, the secend was grand larceny, charged withhaving taken 200 sacks from the firmof Stuart & O'Brien.Mrs. Ed Welsh Dead.Mrs. Ed. Welsh, aged about 32years, 3ied at her home on Lillestonavenue Wednesday night about 12o'clock after an illness of severalmonths.Mrs. Welsh before marriage wasMiss Anna Boyle, daughter of the lateMike Boyle, of this cityShe is survived by her husband andsix small .children. Three brothers andthree sisters also survive MessrsMike, Thomas and Jas Buyle, MissesMary and Julia Boyle", of this city,and Mrs. James Henry of Lexington.The funeral will he held this afternoon at 3 o'clock conducted, by Rev.'father Eugene Debruyn BurialCatholic cemetsry.inSeed Sweet Potatoes..Paper Hangers.For wall paper hangers call . up theNational Five and Ten Cent Store. ETenn. Phone 146.Eggs Wanted..yve want your eggs. Highest cashprice paid, cash or tradeC P. COOK & CO.Easter Sale.the members uf the Mission Band ofthe bhristian church will have theirannual master sale ot fancy articlesand good things to cat on Saturday,aprn t.Hi n ton.at the store of Mr. J. TWatch for Dates.Watch next issue for date and "particulars of the sale of 25 fine buildinglots in Old Fair Grounds.DEATHS.S Mrs. Nannie Gary Urmston.widowof the late John W. Urraston, diedWednesday morning about seveno'clock at the home of her son. Stewart, near Broadwell, Harrison county.She was ill but a short time frompneumonia. The funeral .will takeplace from the" residence this mornint?.at 10 o'clock conducted by Rev. J. wMcllure. Ihe burial will be atJacksonville cemetery, this counlv.5enuine, Strausburg seed sweet Mrs. Urmston was a daughter nf thpotatces just received. The' finest you late James Gray and was seventv-twoever saw. Let us have your order. years old, and has many relatives in2 2t SAUEK. Bourbon county.Trustees Sell Massie Property.The trustees of the Massie MemorialHospital, Miss Lucy Simms and Mr?.,E. F. Clay, have sold "Hidaway," thehome of the late Mrs. anna li. Massie, at the corner of Vine and Scottavenue, to Mr. W. 3. Massie, at thereported price of 28,000.By the teims of the will of the lafeMrs. Massie, the property was bequeathed to the Bourbon County Hospital League, and it was the purposeof the league to convert the buildinginto a hospital. Several days ago Mr.W. G. Massie, son of the late Mrs.Massie, submitted a proposition to thetrustees of the hopsital to buy the oldhomestead, that it might be kept inthe Massie family. 'The trustees met with Mayor J. T.Hinton and to whom, the propositionwas stated at the last meeting of theCity Council the matter was broughtup before the boarcT with the resultthat the Finance Committe was giventhe power to act in the matter of purchasing the old G. G. - White properlyin White Addition to be used as thehospital, the trustees of the hopsitalhaving previously .secured an optionon the property at $6,000.The dipsosition of the Massieproperty is almost an assurance thatthe hospital will be located in theWhite property, and it will only be amatter of a few days until the trustpeswill exercise their option upon thenronertv.The White .property is admirablyarranged for a hospital. The buildingcontains twenty-three rooms and hallsand is admirably equipped for the purpose for which it will likely be purchased. It is said that very few", lmprovements Avill be necessary to makeit suitable lor a uospuai, wnue uuthe other hand if the Massie propertyhad been retained it would be necessary to practically rebuild the house.Uox Candies.FlnRtp.r hnx candies for sifts. Nothing more suitable. Get the Holladayhome made kjhd.SRUCE HOLLADAY.First Ride in Train.The Carlisle Advocate says: "Mr.and Mrs. S. A. iMinton have movedfrom Locust Grove section to Paris.Thev left Mondafy afternoon for thetrain, which was Mrs. Minton's firstride on the acrs. She is 63 years of ageand became very excited while waitinc in the station for the train toarrive."Good Advice.Read Amy's letter to Lou. everyFriday, you will find them in J. T.Hinton's ad. She will keep you postedby giving you good advice.Easter Cards and Booklets.We have the most beautiful line ofEaster cards and booklets ever seen inthis city.PARIS BOOK CO.Cypress Street Cottage Sold.County Attorney George Battertonhas purchased a five room cottage onCypress street, the property cf Prof.J. S. Johnson, at a private consideration. Mr. and Mrs. Johnson willmove to the property about May 1.Prof. Johnson plans to build a modernbungalow on his lot ajdoining theproprety of Mr. John Tarr on Cpyressstreet.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. crLet Us Have Another Flag.In view of spiing, opening of theBlue Grass League, the Conclave,Fourth of July and other good thingsto come, we don't think it would be abad idea for the dilapidated and dirtyold flag that floats over the U.- S.Government building to be laid asideand be replaced with a new "OldGlory." Let's make application for anew one as the old one needs to be putont he pension list.Ice Cream Delivered.Don't bother with making ice creamSunday when wo will deliver it toyour door. Vanilla and Chocolatde 35cenrs quart. Both phones 336.JAS. H. BATTERTON.Five Coal Cars DerailedA through fre'ight on the Louisvilleand Nashville was derailed Mondaynight near Escondida, few milesscuth of Paris, fivecars or coal leaving the track in a cut a short distancefrom the station. Traffic was blockedfor several hours until the wreckagecould be removed,The Jacksonville, FlarT train duehere was sent to Lexing.ton and fromthat city to Winchester over theChesapeake and Ohio. The northboundtrain was also detoured by way ofLexington. Another detour was madethrough Lexington Tuesday morning,By 9 o'clock Tuesday morning thewreckage was cleared and service resumed. None of the train crew wereinjured.Clarence Willis, of this city, abrakeman on the Louisville and .Nashville, was painfully injured earlyTuesday morning while enroute to thescene of the wreck. He was a member of the train crew in charge of thewrecker. Wilis was struck on thheknee by a large lump of coal. His injuries wree dressed ny a company physician and he was removed to his homein Henry Addition..Easter Candy.Nothing would be more acceptableon Eatser morning than a box cfHolladay's home made can JyA Cure lor Hog Cholera.If your hogs are sick come in andget jiaugniin s unoiera uure, ana curethem. The best farmers in Bourboncounty will tell you it cures. For saleonly by-'- CHAS. E. BUTLER & CO.,Druggists.20 tf Opp. Court House, Paris.A New Relief for Stomachs.A certain relief has been found forstomach disorders. It digests food,aids assimilation, prevents stomachgas, relieves indigestion instantly andcures dyspepsia. This new remedy iscalled "Digestif a little tablet easyto swallow and absolutely harmless.It has. brought relief to thousands.Your money back if it fails to relieveyou-50c. Ask at Varden & Son's.IIOld Whiskeys."ii t t i t iaam iay ana vannooK made inspring of 19U4 both in bulk and bottledin bond. All other first class bottledin bond goods. Champagne, and allkinds of domestic wines.tf ED. SLATTERY.Woodford Sells Horses.Mr. Catebsy Woodford, proprietor ofKaceland btud near this city, has returned from Charleston, S. C, wherene went to iook over nis string or runners at Palmetto Park. While thereMr. Woodford disposed of several ofhis thoroughbreds, being the principalseller at the private sales. He disposed of his two year old fillies, JessiePorter and Garden of Allah to W. A.Massey ; Red Widow and Tom Massieto W. B. Carson, and Cheer Up toLuke LeBlnnd.Before returning to Paris Mr. Woodford decided tuat his Star Shoot colt,Sonada, would not be a starter in thePalmetto Derby tomorrow.Sonada is entered in the KentuckyDerby and is regarded as being a mostprobable contender in the Kentucyclassic. Sonada showed well in histwo year old form when he was lookedupon as a match for the great Worth.Worth and The Manager, are thefavorites in the "winter books" withSonada at third choice at odds of 6to 1.For the Ladies.The ladies Tof Bourbon will miss atreat if they fail to see the beautifuldisplay of ladies shoes and oxfordsnow on display in my window.tf DAVID FELD.Garden Seeds.Fine seed potatoes and garden seedof all kinds. Remember we sell onlythe kind that grow.5tf T. LENIHAN.Turn Down Resignation.2 Dr. Arthur Yager is firm in his decision to retire from Georgetown College, where he is serving as president,although he has been urged to remainin ofiice. The Board of Trustees ofthe College met Wednesday but wouldnot accept his resignation, postponinga decision tor a fortnight.Strawberries.Nice fresth strawberries, the first ofthe season, for dinner. Phone us yourorder.T. LENIHAN.Successful Opening.One of the most successful openingsever neici in fans was the beautifuldisplay at Mrs. Corne Watson Baird'sstore on Wednesday and Thursday ofthis week. More hats were on displayand more sales were made than on anyother previous occasion. Mrs. Bairdattributes the success to the fact thatthe hats were more beautiful and of ahandsomer quality than those of former years. The new. trimmer has simplycaptivated the stylish dressers of thiscity with her new creations in hats.Mrs. Baird desires to announce to theladies that while today and tomorroware not really termed the opening daysmatiuuy as many hats will be on display and she and her assistants will bemore than glad to show them to" thepublic,Called Convention.All Republicans are hereby notifiedthat there will be a called conventionheld at the corner of Ninth and Mainstreets, Paris, Ky., on April 6, 1912,at 1:30 p. m. for the purpose of selecting delegates to the district and StateConventions to be held in Laerancreand Louisville and to select membersof the County Committee.G30. W. STUART. Chairman.W. A. THOMPSON, Secretary.Found Dead in Bed.Mr. Blanton Green, aged about fortyyears was found dead in bed at hisboarding house on Seventh street Wed- (nesday morning. Green had been in illhealth for several months. CoronerRudolph Davis conducted an investigation, which resulted in his findingthat death was due to valvular heartdisease. Green was a native of Bourbon county and a son of the lateRobret Green. He is survived by threesisters. Mrs. JIamlet Sharp, of Maysville, Mrs. Henry Isgrigg and MissEdna Green, got" St. Louis, Mo. Theburial tuok place yesterday afternoonat 2:30 o'clock with services at thegrave in the Paris cemetery; conducted by the Eagle Lodge, of which hewas a member.IITo Our PatronsWe respectfully direct your attention to -the extensiveand choice stocks of Spring merchandise now assembled inour store, They comprise the very largest and most selectgathering of new merchandise that has ever been collectedunder our roof at the opening of a season.Every section of the store offers most complete selection. Our assortments mirror every authoritive new fashion, every new. style-thought for Spring. Everything isfresh and brand new, as all goods in the store when 'pur reorganization took place have been entirely disposed of.Our buyers spent many weeks in the Eastern marketsengaged in selecting from the products of the foremostmanufacturers and importers the various lines of foods wenow have the pleasure of offering you. They have exercised the most scrupulous discrimination in their selection,being ever on guard against the admission to our stocks ofunauthentic styles or unreliable qualities.Being constantly in touch wi 'market conditions theywere in a position to buy under the most favorable circumstances, which permits' us to offer very attractive values.From every point of view we are in a position to serve youbetter than at any time ki our history.Our Dress-making Departments are taking orders nowfor before Easter delivery, Miss Brennan and Miss Brownhaving returned from the East with all the latest styleideas.Wolf, Wile 5c Co., 'Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co. -Lexington, Ky.LJ3f ttmt Arr ZlnUvsattb in tmbrmii nj, Jlraur (Call ano st Mt.Stamping,Shirt Waists,Newest Designs inPunch Work,Eylet, French andLarge Designs20c and 25 c,Pillow Cases 25c,Pin Cushions 10c,Handkerchiefs 10c,IHias fatu ifurjstArt Sfertiie Ifnrkutnpr isrhiing iHarljtn?ffirc, main Bt.tUteris. 5Kij.Corset Covers 15-25Gowns 15c and 25c,Towels 20c,Initials 5c, -Sheets 25c.For Sale-Centers,rvunners,Pin Cushions,Pillow Cases.tmurnidrni Donr at iHrasnnaMf rtrw 'IIv !THE FAOn Friday NextAre you interested in WallPaper? Let us show you samplesand you be the judge as to theprice.We are making some low priceson Easter. Cards and Easter Novelties, Floor Oil Cloth and Window Shades, Paint, Scrub andVarnish Brushes, Varnish Stains(get one of our color cards free) .Brass Curtain Rods, WindowShades and Poles.Finest quality Writing Tablets.regular 25c tablets, .at 10c.Wood Butter Bowls 5c.Shoe 'Makers' complete outfit39c.Barber's Hair Clippers 98c....THE FAIR...SPECIALSfiftTOR THIS WEEK:Sk Kellogg's Toasted Corn Flakes, 10c grade, per box.. .5c ma Nice Fresh Figs, per lb. Sc SFancy Florida Oranges, per doz.. 25c 5Good Quality Brooms f 35c WGood Hearth Brooms ic;r ABest Quality Hard-Wood Clothes Baskets, large 50c tCod Fish, per lb : . . . ; T5c SBest Grade Dried Herring -3 Sc SMackerel, large size, 3 for 25 cSteel Cut Monibak Coffee, 3 lbs , $ 1 .00Best grade Cara-Van Coffee, per .lb :30c 'Old Reliable Coffee, per lb . 30cWe have all grades of the National Biscuit Co.'s GoodsPurity, Red Cross and "Lexington Maid" Flour. m0s:2Fresh MeatsHome-killed Meats, guaranteed; Shipped Meats, under government inspection take your choice.. Morning Glory brand Hams and Breakfastbacon; thebest on the market, sliced thick or thin, without cost. -!!!SPECIAL NOTICE!!!duplicate Anybody's Prices,We willand Your Credit is Good for 30 Days.GIVE US A TRIAL ORDER. . . i 1 f:The Up-Town Grocer, South Main StBoth Telephones No. 7"StIITHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 5, -1912h BOURBON NEWS."ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVEPYTHSWf;Gage Bros.' Sailers.Case Bros.' saskrs, the latestrtvies, at the .SIMON DEFT. STORE.Thoroughbred Mares Sold.Col. E. F.-Clay and his son, Mr. E.t Clay Jr., cf near Pa! is, sold a number of brood mares to lt. Floyd Keynolds, of Fayette county. Monday. Inthe lot were six thoroughbred mares,that ranged in age from five to nineyears, and uie ten year eld saddlemare. The price paid for the lot couldnot be learned. It is saia that Mr.Reynolds plans to usa the' mares forraising mules.Easter Novelties.See cur window for display of Easter novelties.CHA3. E. BUTlER & CO.Opp. Court House, Paris Ky.Candy for Easter.Candy of the right kind is more acceptable than Mowers on Easter. Senda box of Holladay's home made candy."It's th right kind.Hurt in Runaway.r Mr. James Sosby sustained-painfulinjuries Tuesday morning when a hcr.edriven by ris brcther-in-law, Mr.James Rankin, of near Black's Cross.Koads, took fright at a passing automobile overturning the vehicle inwhich they were riding. The accidentcccurred in -front of the Windsor HotelWhen the vehicle was overturned Mr.Stsby became entangled in the ehadeover the vehicle and before he couldrelease himself- sustained painfulbruises about the head and face.Easter Cards.Our line of Easter cards aretiehEndsoinest ever seer, in Paris.CHAS E. BUTLER & CO.Opp. Ccurt House, PariB Ky.Moderate Prices.Up to date trimmed hats at moderate prices at theSIMON DEPT. STORE.An Easter Gift.A box of Holladay's home madecandy would be a suitable remtmLrance rn Easter morning. Let us fixup a box for your girl.BRUCE HOLLADAY.Forger Convicted.In the Clark County Circuit CourtWednesday J. A. Crews, a young whiten ai, was sentenced to an indeterminate sentence of from one to five yearsior obtaining money under false pretenses. Crews was charged with forging checks in Winchester, Paris andLouisville; He came to this city lastfell and after purchasing a suit ofclothes from H. M. Collins & Co., presented a check, receiving his goodsfcr.d a small amount of cash in return.Ihe check was pronounced a forgeryn i the police of several cities wereratified to be on the lookout for thejsan. Several weeks ago he was takeninto custody in St. Joseph, Mo., andreturned to Winchester.One Piece Dresses.For silk and linen one piece dressesC3 to theSIMON DEPT.. STORE.For Easter Dinner.Ail kinds of fresh green vegetables.T. LENIHAN.Ice Cream.Phone us your order for ice creamSunday. Vanilla and Chocolate.Cvors. Telephone 336.J. H. BATTERTON.Contracts for New Buildings.Contractor Harry Minter has beena. vardsd the contract for the erection'-f a five room cottage for David Feld.n White Addition. The Stivers Lumber Company will furnish the lumberf?r the structure.Miss Margaret Terry will begin theerection of a four room frame cottagei her lot cn the South side of Virg nia avenue at once. Contractor John13 rwn has been given the contract tocnt.uct the cottage. The hcuse will.-.st about SI, 100.Mr. John Brown, who bought a lotin Bourbon Heights from Mr. N. H.Eckltr, is building a modern five roomcjttage cn his property, and whenc pmletcd will occupy it as a home.Have it Put Aside.S-lsct your walj paper at J. T. Hin-t' n's now and have it put aside. jtEaster Footwear.Just received the smartest slippersand pumps ever hown in Paris. Prictslow as usual.DAN COHEN.Ice Factory Begins Operations.The Paris Ice Manufactruing Company, which began operations abouttwo weeks ago is now running at fullcapacity. The first litt of ice wasmade last Saturday. During the pastwinter the plant has undergone manyimprovements and the machinery hasbeen thoroughly overhauled and a newone hundred and fifty pound Stillwellheater and condenser lntsalled. Thenew condenser is one of the latestfcppiiances used in the manufacture ofice and was installed at a large outlaycf mney. The local ice factory has acapacity of fifty tons of ice per day.Baking Powder Special.til Saturday April 6. we will sell Royu.i.iuiiiui, luuiuiiun aim lacuuK u I -al Baiter Powdtr at the1 following:it rri-rs 50 cent size 40 cent? 2ft.ent size 20 10 cent s?ze-7 cente.. CUK-TIS HENRY, -rPERSONAL MENTION,I Miss Hate Cverby is quite ill. .-Mrs. .Withers Davis is visitingrelatives in Winchester.,,Hrs Ed sl)arka remains criticallyill at her home near this city.Mrs. Amos Tuinsy, Ji.,covering from a severe illness.Miss Fbra Hill is sufferina severe attack of tonsilits.Rev E. M. Lightfoot wastor i n Cicninnati yesterday.is re-froma visiMr. George M. Hill, of Frankfort,is visiting his grandson in this city.MissMary McMahan is pmiihnill.at nee name on boutri Wain street.Mr. J. W. Clqugh has returnedfrom a visit to friends in Cynthiana.Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Andersonhave returned from a visit to NewOrleans.Mr. Charles N.been quite ill forimproving.Fithian, who hasseveral weeks, isMrs. J. V. Lytle.'of Maysville, isvisiting at the home of her son, O. G.Lytle, in this city.Mr. Robert Smith has returned tohis home in Mt. Sterling after a visitt? relatives in this city.Mr. Jesse Booth, of Cana Ridge,who has been dangerously, ill withpneumonia, is improving.Miss Alice Rogers Clay will entertain n number o her friends at FiveHundred baturday afternoon. .Mrs. Eliza Taylor, of Dekalb, 111.,and Mr. Martha Myers, of Cynthiana,ae guests of Mrs S. LillestonMrs. Jesse Ellis and Mrs. JesseAiattox, or, fans; were guests ofmti.ys in vyntoiara weanesqay.Miss Anna Socin, of Chillicothe,0. , is the guest-of Mr. and Mrs. T. A.McDonald on South Main street.Mr. J. B. Dempsey, who has be?nconfined to his home for several dayswith an attack of. grip is able to beout.Mrs. E. M. Dickson and her sister,Mrs. Joe Head, of Ashland, werevisitors in Cincinnati yesterday andtoday.Misses Annie Embry and MarieTalbot t are at home from MaragretCollege, Versailles for the Easterholidays.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Wright havereturned to their home in Winchesterafter a visit to relatives in his cityand county.Mr. and Mrs. Gay Shrout have returned to their home in bharpsburgafter a visit to Mr. and Mrs. WalterMartin in this city.Mrs. J. D. Bruer and daughter,Miss Louie Bruer, left Monday forDallas, Texas, where they will maketl eir future home,Mr. Chas. A. Duncan and MissLena Johnson, of this city, were guestsWednesday of Mr. and Mrs. Chas. E.Butler, Jr., in Carlisle.Mrs. W. E. Board' leaves this weekto visit her son, Mr. Lyons. Board, atLargange and, also to be the guest ofrelatives in Louisville.Dr. and Mrs. J. H. Comer returned from their bridal tour Wednesduyand will go to housekeeping in theircottage on Cypress street.Mesrss. George D. Speakes and L.D. Harris, of the real estate firm ofHarri3 & Speakes, of this city, are ona prospecting -trip to Tupelo. Miss.Mrs. J. C. Freeman, of near thiscity, is in Cincinnati attending theexposition and will -go for a visit torealtives in Virginia and West Virginia. Mrs. Carl C. Robbins. who hasbeen the uest of her parents, Mr. andMrs. J. W. Bramblett, in this city,has returned to her heme in Winchester. Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Stephensarrived Tuesday night from a fourmonths' visit to their sons, Drs. Barclay, Joy and John Miller Stephens, inSan Francisco, Cal.Mrs. Thomas H. Clay left yesterday for New York to visit her daughter, Mrs. Frederick A. Wallis, whowill return with her mother to spendth summer in Kentucky.Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraftwill entertain with a cotillon at Elks'Hall on Monday, April 15. Mr.Withers Davis will assise Miss Hutch-cratt-inleading the dance.Mr. George Clayton, of Versailles,formerly a resident of Bourbon county,was a visitor in Paris Wednesday.Mr. Clayton is connected-with McKeeBros., in the raising of high classhogs.Mr. Aaron Smedley, of Hutchison,left Tuesday to visit his sister, Mrs.Kate S. Forrjester, in Chicago. Mrs.Forrester is suffering from bloodpoises, caused by running a needle inher thumb.Mr. P. Nippert, manager cf thnParis Ice Manufacturing Co., left yesterday morning foi Loaisville to attend the Middle States Icemen's Convention ana to visit his daughter, Mrs.Percy Henry.Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Kane and Mrs.Kate Bryan left Monday for Corey,Ala., on a prospecting tour. They willlikely purchase property and locate inAlabama. From Cnrey they will go toFlorida on a visit.Misses Nell Crutcher and AugustaRogres, students at Caldwell College,Dnaville, and Misses Nellie Fithianand Fannie Ingles, teachers at theinstitution, arrived lapt night to speqdthe Easter holidays.Faster Cards and Booklets.We have the most beautiful lineEaster cards arid'noolets ever sesnthis city. .ofinPARIS BOOK GO. JJ. W. Wright Paroled.News was received. yesterday - after,.'noon to the effect that J. W. Wrightserving a life, sentence; in the -penitentiaryfor murder had been granteda parole - -,f .vPoisoning Dogs, '' The indiscriminate distribution of poi;son in this city with the view of destroying the cur dogs in Paris was very muchin evidence yesterday morning:, when itwas found that several very valuabledogs as well as mongrels fell victims tothe deadly "pills."'Jack," a very fine black bird dog, theproperty of Coroner Rudolph Davis, wasamong the number, and several otherfine specimens were among those slaughtered. The manner in whidh the poison isdistributed jeopardizes the lives of thedogs upon which taxes have been paidand the miscreants who perpetrate suchoutrages should be hunted out and punished to the full extent of the law.The fact further demonstrates theneed of a dog pound in which all theworthless curs in the city could be de-,stroyed without running the risk of killing valuable canines upon which taxeshave been paid and which their ownersare entitled to protdction.It is a very noticeable fact tbfcwhenever poison is scattered over thetown the common curs are the onesthat escape and the fine dogs suffer.The protection cn fine clogs to whichowners who pay the dog tax, shouldbe far greater than at present andthe city officials should take a handin hunting down the party or parties?whose ruthless hands are the causeof the 'death of so many valuabledogs each year.Several dog owners and fanciershave united with Mr. Davis and afund will be subscribed and a rewardoffered for the arrest aud convictionof ".the parties guilty of distributingJ. the: poison. .Baking Powder Special. .Beginning tomorrow and lasting until Saturday April 6, we will sell Royal Baking Eowder at the following cutprices. 50 cent size 40 cents, 25 centBize 20 cents, 10 cent size 7h cents.CURTIS HENRY.Sells Maysville Property.Mrs. J. D. Bruer, of Paris, sold lastweek to Mr. J. L. McDowell her handsome cottage at the corner of Fourthand Sutton stcreets, in Maysville, at aprivate price. Mr. McDowell willmove to the property Mrs. Bruer anddaughter, Miss Louie Bruer, have goneto Texas.Easter Footwear.Every spring style of shoes forEaster and early psring that are madeare now on dipslay at our store. Ladiesand Misses oxfords in canvas andbuckskin, big gstock to select from.All styles for boys and men in thebest makes. Let us fit you today.GEO. McWILLIAMS.Public Sale!Od Monday, April 15, 1912,at 2 o'clock p. m., on the premises.we will Hell at auction a house andtwo lots situated on South Vine street,in Paris, Ky., iame being the propertySit Mary Hickman, colored. The housecontains two rooms, kitchen and porch.Lot is 34 feet in front, 40 feet in rearand 232 feet deep. There is a uplendidwell on this lot. Vacant lot adjoiningis'31 feet in front, 21 feet in rear and232 feet deep. The property will beoffered separately, then as a whole andbest bid accepted.TERMS. Made known" on day ofSell aHARRIS & SPEAKES.$100.00 REWARD.i - t.I will pay $100.00 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the party or parties who soindiscriminately scattered poison onWednesday night, April 4, from whichmy dog as well as others was killed.RUDOLPH (ROXIE) UAVIS.FOR SALE..Plenty of work mules,from 1,000 to 1,400 pounds.weighingCome andbuy them.Also for sale 150 barrels of breadcum.THOS. McCLINTOCK,Millerbsurg, Ky.Oor irust Department.The Bourbon Bank andTrust Go.Stands t eady to act as Executoror Administrator of'Estates, asTrustee or Guardian of infantheirs.In our Trust Department weoffer many" advantages over thecustom of leivihg your propertyin the hands of individuals. Thefollowing are some of the advantages: Ample Capital and Surplus, furnishing $246,000.00 protection to patrons.A fixed office with officersalwajs in charge.'Wide experience in handling'large business matters.Oor officers have had muchexperience in winding up. estates., Much smaller expense in managing our estate.Will give you our best adviceabout your business withoutcharge.- Call to see us and investigatefor yourself.iNew Machine Shop!Automobile, Steam, Gasand Gasoline Engines,Scales, all kinds of Machinery overhauled andrepaired.Steam and Auto Supplies.All Work Guaranteed.Agent for R. C. H. and OaklandAutomobiles.Paris Machine & Supply Co.R. B. Dickerson, Mgr.73. T. 'Phone No. 5..For Rent.Small farm in the suburbs of Paris.Call E. T. Phone 367Stay at homeand go to the theatreSounds funny, doesn't it?Yet that's exactly whatyoucan do when you own aVictor stay at home andenjoy the finest kincl of a performance. The greatestsingers, musicians and comedians in the world are atyour command, and youcan arrange a program tosuit yourself.Stop in today and get a Victor foryour home. Any style Victor ($10 to$100) or Victor-Victrola ($?5 to $250)you prefer on easy monthly payments.The cost of a few theatre tickets amonth will pay for the permanentenjoyment of the Victor.Bros.Ci homemW$ iBsT"1 ALWAYS THE NIK JAgent ButterlckpattrnsDaunheriy(P. &.-3-ay ha newfudjtl-'ree andyo'u ncecl for he home fAomSeeImDress-txn.- in t i A? J VV1U" W1C suuMfc-ran me new weaves mWhip Cords, Serges, Suitings, etc., in Cream, Tan, Grey,Navy, Black, etc. .9mmmSilksost complete line we have ever shown in Messalines, Changeable Taffetas, Surahs, Foulards, etc, -All thenew Spring colorings' (Specials 27-in. Brocade Silk Mulls, 25c yd.-X kJtl 36-in. Messaline, Fancy and Solid colors, $1 yd.Dress Trimmings, Laces, ButtonsWe have the largest line in this part of the State. Anythingthat s new we have. All the new- drop, fringes, bands&c., &c.Come let us' show you. .EdIVIuth'sHot-Cross Buns9 On Safe FridayOrder in AHvanrp r that vnn will nnt ho nicanr-.nlnt-.P cd. He'll save you a dozenX E - rIuus i lui-ruas Duns lor i riuay. .The Cost Will Be But .1Z tentsMade with Pure Butter.. "Rich and Sweet,FEE'SIJ9ear Clmxf:-i9on' xfoxi h.ae o g.o o see anyLo cly, andhave 'hem hurry yoxi ou of he hall xtxS ireeaxtJ eL loohjt AhaLlfy? o? uren o 6ee jCanAa h.e oherclay. ?&e r huAlrand had le her ix Tj.f he paAloA,lri -arha a hall she had.isno eomp'leely fvAnished whenhe hall, where people lA-a comeJin,look iriviina. o?'m no ahatned of mySalry'6 houwllna foA mo Ae milk.So lona.I . ... jCoxi.JT. T. Hi nt onA Swell Line of Go-CartsLargest Assortment of Wall Paper in Central KentuckyMy Rug Prices Beats ASIMy Refrigerators, the Very BestGoodsTucker?Bakeryor more of these deiici-r n ta UozenBest Fruit. Pure Spices.Good to Eat?"does nohall. ..THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL ,5, 1912.nlinWindowShadesLook mucft better, last longer!A housewife is judged by the windows she keeps. Fur-'nlsh your windows with shades of Brenlin and they'llways be well dressed. For Brenlin contains no chalk"filling" to crack, wrinkle, fade, nor cause unsightly "pinholes' Brenlki always hangs straight and smooth, and!makes a perfect background for your curtains. It outlastsordinary shades several times oyer, yet costs but a triflemore.19 made In many artistic tones and idBrenlin Duplex colored one side, white the other, Comtin and let us ehow you samples and quote prices,For Sale by J. T. HintonThe ChildrenI. - iWWTWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentAll the Latest Ideas inSPRINGCLOTHING1mmNow On DisplayB L WOLLSTEIN HClothing and Shoe Department.L. Sc N. TIME-TAEBLIN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.4.Trains ArriveNo. FROM .34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5 21am134 Lexington, Ky., Daily 4.34am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday.....-...,....' 7.35 am7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Exeept Sunday 7.38 am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 am37 Cincinnati, O., DBily 9.50 am3- Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 amJ2 Lexington, Ky,, Daily . 10.15 am33 Cincinnati, O. , Daily. . .' '. 10.24 am2fi Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 am25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pm138 Lexington, Ky.. Daily .. 3.34 pm38 Knoxville,Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5.25 pm39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pm30 Lexington, Ky., Daily , v '..6,03 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday : 6.03 am32 Jacksonville. Fla., Daily .6 05 pm31 Cincinnati, 0. , Daily : 10 :50 pmTrains 3D e -partNo. TO84 Cincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 am4 JVIaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 am. 29 Eexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 air10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ; 8.20 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily : .9.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn. , Daily -. . 9.55 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.24 am133 Lexington, Ky. , Daily . 10.27 am6 Maysville, K., Daily '. 12.05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '. .12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. : 3.34 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily . j3.4o pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ....... 5.52 pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday . 5.57 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily .6.10 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , . ..6:15 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday :.6.25 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.55 pm13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57 pIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trains ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda -. , 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .' 3.40 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pra162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10.00 pmTrains XDeipart;No. TO161 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only 7.10 am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday 9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky Daily Except Sunday 5.522amdown lie throat of a 'Vapey'chiclan destroys the wormsand ;-aves the chick's life. Afew t'rops in the drinkiner waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPESwai'e diarrhoea and other chickdiseases. 'One 50c Bottle ofBourborPouItry CureHakes 12 Gallon.? of Mcdicime.Every poaiiry raiser should keep a bottle ofibJs jaedfclne oa tad- -Asl: for free booklet onDiscsscs-cf!?owis." vHot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold; baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long wait?. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.Cultivate Self-Reliance.To be self-reliant is to look to one'sself for help in all the affairs of life,not to be forever leaning upon thoseabout you. There is great satisfactionin feeling that you have the ability todo for yourself.--Clara K. Bayliss.At Naples the tramway workers hadstruck; there was a long row of emptycars in the Riviera Chiaia, while onthe Piazza di Triomfo a crow.d ofdrivers and conductors had assembled. It ;was a noisy, boisterouscrowd of Neapolitans, as lively andmobile as quicksilver.Higher than their heads, behind thegarden fence, the glistening jet of afountain hung in the air like a sword.The tramway workers were surrounded by a larger crowd who wanted togo by tram car to the various parts ofthe town. All these, clerks, artisans,petty traders, seamstresses, denouncedthe strikers in a loud and angry tone.The strikers . looked gloomy, andpressed against each other, hardly responding to the angry shouts of thecrowd. They climbed upon the rail--lngsand cast restless glances into thestreets over the head of the people.The strikers resembled a pack ofwolves surrounded by dogs. It wasclear to everybody that, these people,wearing the, same uniform, were boundtogether by a firm resolve not to givein;, and this infuriated the crowd stillmore. There were, however, philosophers in its "midst who, while smokingaway at their pipes, tried to pacifythe more- violent opponents of thestrike.MJEh, Signor! What is to be done ifthere is not enough money to buymocaroni for the children?"Wrangling, jeers, reproaches anndadmonition were suddenly cut short;a new current swept the crowd as ifreconciling it; the strikers lookedgloomier still, and pressed closer together. Voices in tne crowd calledout:"Soldiers!"With a light, dancing step from theSanta Lucia Quay came little gray soldiers, stamping their feet regularly,and mechanically swinging their leftarms. They seemed to be made oftin, and as frail as factory-made toys.The crowd drew back from the cars,the soldiers, like gray beads, becamescattered alongside the cars; thestrikers remained on the platforms.The man in the silk hat and someothers who surrounded him swungtheir arms wildly and shouted:"The last tinie UltimaVoJta'! D' you hear?"The officer twisted his mustache,his head drooping. A man waved hissilk hat and ran up to him, sayingsomething in a hoarse voice. The officer looked at him askance, standingerect, and gave the word of commandin a loud tone.The soldiers in twos and threes began "to jump on the platforms of th.ecars. At the same time the driversand conductors were pushed off.This seemed to amuse the onlookers, who broke out into laughter andwhistling, which, however, only lastedfor a moment.People drew back from the cars,their faces wearing a longer and olderexpression and their eyes wide openwith astonishment. They all pressedforward toward the front of the car.Within a yard or two of the wheelsa gray-haired driver with the face ofa soldier could be seen, his cap off,lying on the rails. He lay on hisback, his long mustache shooting upward. An adroit youth, with the movements of a monkey, laid himself downby his side; a number of others followed their example.The man in the silk hat cried outsomething, the officer looked at himand shrugged his shoulders. He mustreplace the tramway drivers by soldiers, but he has no orders to wrestlewith the strikers.Then the owner of the silk hat, surrounded by people willing to please,rushed toward, the fusiliers. The latter set off, approached those lying on'the rails and attempted to lift them.A struggle ensued. All the dustycrowd of spectators made a lurch and,howling, rushed to the rails. The manin the Panama hat pulled it off hishead, threw it up in the air, and wasthe first to lie down by the side of astriker; he patted him on the back,and shouted something approvinglyright in his face.After him some gay, noisy peoplewho had just come upon the scenebegan to throw themselves down uponthe rails. They lay down laughing,making faces at each other and shouting something at the officer who,waving his gloves above the head ofthe man in the silk hat, was tellinghim something, shaking his handsome head.Others threw themselves down uponthe rails. Women deposited theirbaskets and bundles, boys lay downlaughing, doubling themselves up likedogs trying to keep warm, rollingover and getting dirty in the dust.Five soldiers looked at the heaps ofbodies under the wheels from the platform of the front car, then laughedconvulsively as they clutched the railings and " threw their head up In theair. They were now quite unlike thetin, factory-made toys.Half an hour later trams ran noisily along the streets of Naples; thevictors stood on the platforms, grinning; some of them passed along thecars, calling out politely: I"Tickets!"The passengers who handed themred and yellow- slips winked theireyes, smiling and grumbling in a :go6UBourbon Garage $ Supply Co.vf HVULCAN & PLOWSMa; The Vulcan Plow Co.JEVANS VI LLE, IFcD.TRY THEVULCANXWell Finished, Strong, Durable, Light Draft.Rib Strengthened Mold, Full Chilled Shinpiece, InterlockedPoint, Land and Standard. Point has Face Chill, Wide EdgeChill, Long Snoot Chill, Patented Extension and is theSTRONGEST and MOST DURABLE Chilled Point Made.When Buying a Plow, Consider Quality First, Price Second.Genuine Plows and Repairs for Sale Only byBourbon Garage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sreets,Paris, KentuckyReward of Merit."I see one of our big corporations isgoing to do something for its oldclerks." "Good enough f What formwill it take?" "Well, after a man has Ibeen witn them 25 years, they re going to give him a gold stripe on hissleeve." Louisville Courier-Journal.KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."Hourly-High Speed ThroughService.Paris Lexington FrankfortDivision.Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort every hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m.,and at 10 p. m., the last car goingonly as far as Versailles.Cars leave Lexington for Versaillesand Frankfort, and for Paris everyhour on the hour from G a. m. until7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p. m., thelast car going only as far as Versailles. Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington and Paris every thirty. minutes after the hour from 6:30 a.m. until 7:30 p. m., and at 10:30 p.m., the last car -going only as iaras Lexington.GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTONJ NICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexingtonaud Nicholasville every forty-fiveminutes. after the hour from 5:45 a.m. until 6:45 p. m., and 8:05 and10:05 p.m.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetownevery hour on the hour from 6 a. muntil 7 p. m. and at 9 and li p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville every thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 p.m. and at 9:30 p. m. and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville for Lexington and Georgetown every fifteeiiminutes after the hour from 6:15 a.m. until 2:15 p. m. and 1T):15 p. m.Daily Fast Freight Service BetweenParis, Lexington, Versailles, Frankfort, Georgetown and all Intermediate Points Freight Agent's Telphones: Old Phone 309, NewPhone 309. ' 'Low Round TripRATES.Homeseekers' FaresTo points in Arizona. Arkansas,Louisan'a, Missouri, ;New Mexico,Oklahoma, Texas, Kansas, Nebraska,Montana. Michigan. Wisconsin, Alabama, Florida and Mississippi. Tickets on sale first and third Tuesdays ofeach month with final return limit 25days' from date of sale except to destinations in Florida, final limit will he12 days from date-of sale. Liberalstopovers allowed in homeseeker territory. We also have on sale daily untilApril 30, 1912. with final return limitsMay 31, 1912 Winter Tourist tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida. Georgia,Louisana, New Meixco and Texas,with liberal stopovers allowed.For further information, call on orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.CHICAGO, ILL, CINCINNATI, 0.,COLUMBUS, 0., CLEVELAND, 0.,DETROIT, MICH., TOLEDO, 0.,AND ALL POINTS NORTH.ATLANTA, GA., BIRMINGHAM, ALA., . CHATTANOOGA, TENN.,DALLAS, TEX., . GALVESTON, TEX., JACKSONVILLE, FLA.,NEW ORLEANS, LA., KNOXVILLE, TENN., SHREVEP0RT, LA.,AND ALL POINTS SOUTH AND SOUTHWEST.all po.nts North, East, South and West RjKVIA THE THROUGH CAR SERVICE OF THEQUEEN & CRESCENT ROUTE.FOR FARES AND ALL OTHER INFORMATION, CALL ON OR WRITEH. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent, 101 E. Main St., - - LEXINGTON, KY.W. A. BECKLER, General Passenger Agent, - - - - CINCINNATI, OHIO.New Spring Goods 1ATTWIN BROS.Department Store Cor. 7th and MainGinghams,White Goods,Percales,Piquas, Poplins,Linens,Dress Goods,Silks,Skirts, Suits,Dresses,Waists, Etc.Big Lot of Tobacco Cotton at Lowest Prices.TWIN BROS.Paris, Kentuckyrsr-Notice! Poultry Raisers4-11-44CURESCholera, Gapes, Limberneck, Roud, Canker,Diarrhoea and all Diseases of PoultryIfON-E AS GOOD-2fO OtIEE, 2tO PATMbs Katie Bryant, Bardstown, Ky., says: "I havs used Recipe 4-1 1 -44 for years and think it the bestpoultry remedy made. It cures gapes and limberneck without fail.tL MCpoBard10?. Ky.,says: "One drop of Recipe 4-11-44 dropped down the bill of a seplngciuckcu u mc woim auu relieves me cmcKinsianuy. ins me Dest preventive 1 nave ever used.Price 50c at all Druggists.Mfg.-andGuaraateed by J. Robt. Crume, Bardstown, Ky.SOLO BYC. E. BUTLER & CO.:THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL S, 1912rORTRTGHTf j t , . .good wood shinf te, d in tome placesRoofs put on 26 years ago are as good asFor Sale by Miller &The Fastest SonSived bv Allerton 2:0a:r,hfdam Kathjuma (great brood mare),-LiOoa,n.ca.L"""1 uj -n-imuiiu go.. nuiaer 01 world's pacing record, 1 miles, 3:15XTERMS: $50 TO INSURE A LIVING FOAL. ;Peter Billiken (3) 2:161-4Son of Peter The Great 2:07,leading" sire of futurity winners, dam Baron Lassie, by Baron Wilkes 2-18Winner of 6-heat race against aged horses.Terms: $50 to Insure a LivingFoal.3(2) 2.19of Black Wig 2:07, Remorseful 2:08, Dorcas H. 2:08J, Betsy G.2:10, Katherine A. 2:11 (Ky Futurity winner 1902), Bessie Brown 2:12K,Nedra W. 2:14, Rena Wise 2:15, Sheeney 2:15, Wig Wag 2:16X, (cliamion of Europe) Durgee 2:19X, and twenty-three others in 2:30 list-..$25jTo Insure a Living Foal.lTom IMEstoIs.The'celebrated James E. Clay jack, will make the season at Maplehurst StockFarm. TomJVIack is the best breeder of mules that euer stood in the county.$1 2 to Insure a Living Foal.W A. BACON, Paris, Ky.Woodland Stock Farm.Headquarters forBLACK PRINCEKb. 43710.- $15 to Insure.BLACK PRINCE - Bought of theGreenville Stock .Farm, is a splendidtype of the draft horse, three yearsold, Mack Percheron, 1700 pounds inweight. Has proven to be a sure foalgetter and is the kind of horse thatwill appeal to your fancy both inlooks and work. You can make nomistake in breeding to him.The above horses will, make the season of 1 9 12 at Woodland Stock FarmAbout 7 miles North ofjParis on the Cynthianapike.l Money due when colt isfoaled, mare transferred or bred to. other stock without t my consent.-. jLienretained on all colt3 until seaspir money is paid; Care taken to prevent accidents but no responsibility assumed should any occur.STERLING HINKSON, Lair, Kentucky.CONSTANZA 447391 t- rt i ii in - t -uay acamon, lb.i nanas; i,2UJ pounds.Sired by Constan tine 2:12 1-2.Sire of 60 in 2:301 dam Katherine Rogers by Sentinel Wilkes 2499(Dam of Senorita, trial 2:08; rec., (Son of Geo. Wilkes 5192:14, Ashlawn, 2:24, Joe Alverfcon2:26, Nutlawn trial 2:122 dam Bertha Rogers by Pretender 1453dam of lD orris Wilkes 2.14 . -BedeliaB.... 1.2:14 -.Pay Girl 2:1234T - "Grandam of 3 in 2:30 .3 dam Lela Sprague by Gov: Sprague 2:20J w;DAM OF ... - 'Edna Simmons 2:12j ' -Belle Sprague 2:20, trial 2:10Grandam of 3 in 2:30 ; . 'I4 dam Constance by Hamlet 1G0 e 4r V.dam of . f- . x?- '.'3..'1 Brooklawm 2:18. - . ' : - : ? "2 Jim Long, sire of 2 in 2:303 Elinora, dam of Bay of Victor 2:30 .4 Winnie Constance, dam of. EthelRay 2 :22 ' "5 Mudra, dam of Mudrjna 2:26 . -6 Black Walnut, sire of 1. -5 dam by L. I. Black Hawk 24CONSTANZA will make present season at Brooklawn Farm 2 miles eastIro n Hutchisoa Station 6 miles south from Paris on Bethlehem pike.$10 to Insure a Live Colt.GABEBLACK JACK$10.00 to insure a live colt. Season money due when colt comes alive.Mires transferred, parted with or removed from county. Accidents of eveiyS. D. BURBRIDGE, Hutchison, Ky. ;Lexington E. TenDt. Phone. 698 A:No:B usiness Tr ansacted onS unday. :r :. f s j v ' VmetalSHINGLES1 AID RIGHTOVER OLD WODSHINGLES:lud they make a thoroughly storm-proofuuwt-jjiuui iooi, uciincr or wnicn cmbe claimed for the wood shingle.A- t- ,t. .. . .w prrceiney cost no more than athey coat much less.new today, and have never seeded repairs.Best, Millersburg, Ky.2:02of Allerton 2:09by Alcyone 2:27; second dam KatieDraft Horses.Black Pefcheron.Wt. 1760$15 to Insure,BURLEYis a splendid specimen of thedraft horse and his get have provento be of the very best. There is a steadily growing demand for the class ofhorses produced by Burley,both uponthe farm and in the cities. Tney canstind mcr3 work than the general runof horses. Burley is 7 years, old, abeautiful black. He is 'well formedand of the class that catches the eye.In 'selecting a horse to breed to, select one whose produce commandsthe test price.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESCorn is selling at 1.50 and $1.60i bushel in many places in the mountains, owing to the great expense inshipping ani hauling jt in by wagons.The plan for dissolving the International Harvester Company contemplates its division into two companies.With this as a basis a friendly settlement with the Government is beingnegotiated.Montgomery Squirrel, a five-gait-edsaddle stallion, owned by Dr. T. D.Finck, of Louisville, in attempting tobreak out of his box stall, fell andbroke his neck and died a few minuteslater. . The animal was very valuable.At a meeting of the directors ofthp KllfloT Pnnntu T?a? A D3nn ion holdat Morgantown. today, September 19,20 and 21 was fixed as the date of the1912 meet, "A great many improvements will be jmade on the grounds,track and amphitheatre.Total damagesof I$26,000 wereTuesday awarded against the American Tobacco Company by a jury in theunited .btates District Court in theanti-trust suit brought by the People'sTobacco Company, ot New Orleans,for alleged conspiracy to desiroycompetition.Thfi OUtlnnk fnr mrnnrf nafflo inCentral Kentucky is more encouragingfor high Drices than fur sevpml Fvpnmand indications point to the fact thatan nanaiers will make money. Notwithstanding that the faeriepurchased at stiff prices and feed hasbeen verv "hierh. the mnrkpt- hagsteadily grown better and prices haveuuvancea.-The directors nf thu T?a rmpre'Tobacco Company of Mt. Sterling haspurchased a site for the new loose leafwarehouse to be erected in that city.The site was purchased from H. ClayMcKee and Charles H. Pefcrv.about $10,500. It will have entrancesfrom three streets, and the propertywill also have an outlet to the Hhpqa-peake and Ohio railroad.First English Paper Mill.England's first paper mill was erected at Dartford in 1588. 'No Pensions Until August.No pensions!willbe paid to Confederate soldiers or widows of soldiersuntil August. Under the law grantingpensions: to the old soldiers ttieirclaims for pensions must be passedon by the county court of the countyinw hich the applicant lives and thenmust be approved by the pension boardat Frankfurt.The board is composed of ihe Governor, the Auditor and the Secretary ofState, Tha application blanks, whichmust he filled out by the applicants forpensions, will be sent out by Commissioner Stone this week. Claims willbe paid atfer this year in February,May, August and November. uGo to Buck's.For a niee bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclas? barbers. 13 tfPessimistic Outcry.O, woman! woman! thou shouldesthave few sins of thy own to answerfor! Thou art the author of such abook of follies in a man! EdwardBulwer-Lytton."My little son had a severe cold. Iwas recommended to try Chamberlain Cough Remedy, and before asmall bottle was finished he was aswell as ever," writes Mrs. H. Silk,-9 Dowling street, Sydney. Austrlia.For sal by all dealers.Generous Offer.The money in circulation in thi3country amounts" to $34.61 per capita.If the parties holding back our sharewillturn over the $34, they may- keepthe 61 cents and no questions asked.Newark News.Don't be surprised if you have anattack of rheumatism this spring.Just rub the affected parts withChamberlain's Liniment'-'and it willsoon disappear. Sold by all dealers.The Question, "How Much?"The millionaire's daughter, eventhough she is not personally so veryprepossessing, is likely to be taken ather ''par" value.Why He Was Late.'"What made you so late.""I met Smithson.".Well that is ho reason why youshonld be an hour late getting hometo supper.' 1 - ."I know, but I asked him how hewas feeling, and he insisted upon telling me about his stomach trouble.""Did you tell him to take Chamberlain's Tablets.""Sure, that is what he needs."Sold by all dealers.Tactful.Guide (as girl offers him a tip) Weare strictly forbidden to receive tips,but I don't like to refuse such a-charm-ing woman anything. FliegendeBlaetter.For rheumatism you will find nothing better than Chamberlain's Liniment. Trv it and kp.p. hnw nninlrlv if.gives relief. Sold by all dealers.His Real Friends."The people are trying to obtain apardon for that man who was sent upfor stealing a phonograph." "I suppose all his neighbors are signing hispetition?" "Not at all. It is beingsigned by the neighbors of the peoplefrom whom he stole the phonograph."You will look a good while beforeyou find medicine that is better forcoughs and colds than Chamberlain'sCough Remedy. It not onlygivas reliefit enres. Try it when you havea cough or cold and you are certainto be pleased with the prompt curewhich it will effect. Forsale -by alldealers. . " " - .V r.In:' .. a .v nvinar 'Demonstration"Dear," said little Miss Dimple, asshe snuggled up to her husband of sixmonths, "I've just had a letter fromRuth and she's coming down 'to visitus.""And " suggested Dimple, helpfully, as she paused."And, dear, I want you to be nice toher! Won't you, please? I know shethinks you don't like her very well,because you never paid anv attentionto her when you came to see me. Don'tyou see. dear, she mav think that rTiaisn't welcome unless youre speciallynice! You'll be obliging, won't you?"Mrs. Dimple ran her finerers throuehhis hair, to make him pleasant andgood tempered. She had found manvsimilarities between her husband andher cat in the last six months, particularly in their response to certain treatments.Why, of course!" he replied: "Whaton earth made Ruth think I didn't likeher? I think she's a peach next bestto the one I picked! Tell her to huatie down, and we'll show her a bullytime!"Little Mrs. Dimple immediately satdown and wrote to Ruth, and thus hsrbeloved sister arrived in the course oftime.Dimple met her at the train andDrought her home in a taxi. Mrs.Dimple's eyes opened wide at the unusual extravagance. She wonderedbut she said nothing and was glad hernusoand was keeping his dislikes sowell hid, for she was sure that he wasreally hiding his feelings. She waspositive that he rather disliked Ruth.The first morning after Ruth's arrival Dimple announced that he hadmade plans to get away from businessin the afternoon to take them out."Why " exclaimed Mrs. Dimple,and stopped. She could hardly believener senses. Hadn't he been quite unable to get away from his work, evenfor an hour, when her best chum hadbeen married?. "Dear," she objectedwhen she had caught her breath, "howcan you? Besides, I've got an engagement at the dentist's and I can't possibly break it!""Well, you go to the dentist's," saiSDimple, "and Ruth and I will see thetown. I can't very well put it off, asI've made all arrangements." Thenhe left before Mrs. Dimple could makeup her mind what to say."It's funny," she confided to Ruth."He's never been able to leave hiswork for a day before, and we've never afforded a taxi, but he's just thede'arest man and he's doing thesethings because he promised me!" Shefelt better for the assurance. "Ruth and Dimple didn't get back tosupper that night. Mrs Dimple metthem at the door, some hours later,bravely keeping- back the tears whileshe assured them that the dinner, coldin the dining room, didn't make anydifference and that she was glad theyhad dined at the downtown restaurant'since they had happened to be near itjust at dinner time!The next night her husband hadtickets for the opera, and Mrs. Dimple dressed in her best and was happy. But when, on entering the theater, she found herself following theusher into a box, she felt her kneesshake, and she looked hard at her husband, fearing his sanity. She reallydidn't have clothes for sitting in boxes,so she sat behind Ruth, who, all inwhite and wearing violets, was fittedfor almost any scene of social splendor. Her husband, of course, sat withthe guest, and talked every minute.Mrs. Dimple didn't know he could beso entertaining. She wondered whyshe had never been able to draw himout.- Entertainments for every night andfor some afternoons were planned byDimple. Mrs. Dimple, worn with thelate hours as well as with worry, soonbegan to look forward eagerly to hersister's departure. But when the 'timearrived for her to leave Dimple beggedso hard for her to stay that she agreedto remain another week at least.Mrs. Dimple sought out a privatetelephone booth that day, and, puttingin a long-distance call, succeeded -inhaving a telegram sent to Ruth to return home immediately."Ruth's done!" she announced toher husband, when he reached homethat night. Then when he breathed adeep sigh of relief she looked, at himwitheringly and told him in plain language what she thought of hypocrites.Dimple, however, is still trying topersuade her that he merely aimed toshow her that he really did like Ruth.Chicago Daily News.First Marriage for "200 Years.In the United Chapel of King's College, Cambridge, that famous structure begun by Henry VI. and finishedby Henry VII., the first wedding to besolemnized in the edifice 'for two centuries took place not long ago, the contracting parties were Miss KatherineOlive Heycoqk, younger daughter ofMr. C. T. Heycock, Fellow of King'sCollege and University Goldsmith'sReader in Metallurgy, and Mr. AlfredDouglas Pass, of King's college.An Exception."An heiress is an exception to allordinary -business rules.""In what way ?" -"If .she wants to ', save, her moneyshe ought not to husband" her re-Fourcec."-v --'f ,Sared by His Wife.She's a wise woman who knowsjust what to do when her husband'slife is in danger, but Mrs. R.J. Flint,Braintree, Vt., is that kind. "She insisted on iay using Dr. King's NewDiscovery ,J' writes Mr. Flint, "for adreadful cough when I was so weakmy friends all thought 1 had only ashort time to live; and it completelycured me." A quick cure for coughsand colds, it's the most safe and reliable remedy for many throat andluner troubles erriD. bronnhit.iswhooping cough, quinsy, tonsilitis,uemorrnages. A trial will covince you.50c & $1. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.Matters Evened Up.A woman who is advanced in herviews is likely to be behind in herfashions. It is another illustration ofthe law or compensation. Fun.The Better KnowirinToday we know men hv thor nrncnot by their catechisms;A Log On the Trackof the fast exnress meana aprim-iatrouble ahead if not removed, so doesl0S3 of apr eb'fce. It means laoV of vitality, loss of strength and nervenraolmnnn Tf !."! r "1 .1 tiiytomicBo. ii appeuie iaiis,taKe .Electric Bitters quickly to overcome thewoe uy tuning up me scomacn anacuring the indigestion. Michael Hessheimerof Lincoln. Neb., had beensick eve: three years but six bottlesof Electric Bitters put him right onhis feet again. They have helpedthousands. They give oure blood,strong nerves, good digestion. Only50c at Oberdorfer's.Pure Air on the Sea.Tests have shown that the air in thecrowded sleeping quarters of modernwarships is. purer than in barracks oraverage residences ashore.Superiority.In the opinion of the average woman pedigree is as much superior tobrains as angel cake is superior to aflapjack. S. E. Kiser.Saves Leg of Boy."It seemed that my 14 ypar oldboy would have to lose his lea- on account of an ugly ulcer, caused by abad bruise," wrote D. F. Howard,Aquone, N. C. A11 remedies andand doctors treatment failed Miltried Bucklen's Arnica Salve and cured him with one box." Cures burns,boils, skin eruptions, piles. 25c at Oberdorfer's. Must Keep at It.You cannot drive home a stout nailby a single blow of the hammer. Theadvertiser who strikes repeatedly inthe same spot is bound eventually toaccomplish his purpose. Printers' Ink.Fortunes in Faces.There's often much truthin the saving "her face is her fortune, " but itsnever said where pimples, skin eruptions, blotches or other blemishes disfigures it. Impure blood is back ofthem all and shows the need of Dr.King's New Life Pills. They promotehealth and beauty. Try them. 25c atUberdorfer's.Thoreau to Longfellow.As I love nature, as I love singingbirds, and gleaming stubble, and flowing rivers," and morning, and evening,and summer, and -winter, I love theemy friend.Beware of Ointments for CatarrhThat Contain Mercury,as mercury will surely destroy thesense of smell and com Dletely derangethe whole system when entering itthrough the mucous surfaces. Sucharticles should never be used excepton prescriptions from reputable physicians, as the damage they will dois tenfold to the good you can possibly derive from them. Hail's CatarrhCure, manufactured by F. J. Cheney& Co., Toledo, O.,' contains no mercury and is taken internally, actingdirectly upon the blood and nracuoussurfaces of the system. In buyingHall's Catarrh Cure be sure you getthe genuine. It ,is taken internallyand made, in Toledo, O., by F. J.Cheney & Co. Testimonials free.Sold by druggists, 75c per bottle.Take Hall's Family Pills for -constipation.Bad" I suffered, during girlhood, from womanly weakness,"writes Mrs.' Mollie-Navy, of Walnut, N. C. "At last, I wasalmost bed-ridden, and had to give up. We had threedoctors. All the time, I was getting worse. I had badspells, that lasted from 7 to 28 days. In one week, after Igave Cardui a trial, I could eat, sleep, and joke, as well asanybody. In 8 weeks, I was well. I had been an invalidfor 5 weary years ! Cardui relieved me, when everythingelse failed."TAKERDU 1MBIf you are weak and ailing, think what it would mean,to you, to recover as quickly as Mrs. Navy did. For morethan 50 years, this purely vegetable, tonic remedy, for women,has been used by thousands of weak and ailing sufferers.They found it of real value in relieving their aches .andpains. Why suffer longer ? A remedy that has relievedand helped so many, 1 ready, at the nearest drug store, foruse, at once, by you. Try it, today..iWrite io: Ladies' Advisory Dept., ChattanooSi Medicine Co., Chattanooga, Ten.,toe Special Instructions r, and 64-page book; " Home Treaasnt for Wowen," seat free. J WThelNettletottJap ModelIs the BusinessMan's Favoritewith its comfortable, roomy fitting- -qualities,its low,"broad heel, and toeexpression of goodsense. We picture the JapModel in a soft GlazedKid Blucher, with aheavy single sole of oldfashioned oak -tannedleather. We have othermodels of the NettletonMake, but recommendthe Jap to the busy manfor every day wear.Geo. McWilliams.FRUIT AND SHADE TREES!Strawberry Plants, GrapeVines, Asparagus, Rhubarb, Roses, Peonies andPhlox everything for the 'Orchard, Lawn and Garden. Catalog free. Noagents.H. F. BilleHmeyer & SoasLexington, KentuckyOne of the Many PopularShapes That We Are ShowingA moderately priced one,,ftop..If you are' looking -for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery."We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.SpellsTL-WomaiftTonicTHE BOURBON NEWS; PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 2, 4912.IWants to Succeed Thomas.The Hon. J. Will Clay, of Mt. Sterling, is being pushed as candidate forState Senator from his district to succeed Claude W. Thomas on the Democratic ticket. Mr. Clay is a brother ofInsurance Commissioner M. 2. Clay,and was formerly member of theHouse from the district composed cfMenifee and Montgomery counties.iDAN COHENSi1EASTERSLIPPERSWe are showing a great assortment of Spring Footwear; alarge variety of the richest andmost exclusive designs in- footcovering ever put on display byany one firm. We have beenfortunate in securing a Springline of Shoes that forSfcyi Coinfori:encan not oe exceiiea. many orthese are of the best high-grademakes and most beautiful styles.You will do well by looking theseover.Be Correctly Shod ForEaster end at a GreatSaving.SP66ial values Tills WeekLadies9 Gun Metal, Patent and VelvetOxfords, Pumps and Shoes, LatestSpring Styles. Easter Special$2.49Ladies9 White Buck, Satin and GunMetal Pumps and Oxfords. EasterSpecialS1.99Men's Bench-made Spring Shoes andOxfords in Gun Metal, Tan and Patent Colt, $4.50 values. Easter Special,S3.49Misses9 White Buckhigh-grade make,11 1 -2 to 2. EasterSole Agents for the Walk-Over Shoes,Spring Styles Just Received.DA IN COHEN,336 Main St.,Frank Taylor Acquitted.Frank Taylor was tried Wednesdayin the Clark Circuit Court chargedwith the murder of John Delaney, ofBourbon county, at a logging camp inClark county about a year ago. Therewere no witnesses to the killing andTaylor claimed to have acted in selfdefense. After being out only a fewminutes the jury returned a verdict ofacquittal.r2-strap Pumps of$3 values, sizesSpecialParis, Ky. fMILLERSBURG ITEMS.Mrs. J. A. Miller continues aboutthe same.'Mrs. Huffman, who has been quiteill is better.Mrs..S.. C. Carpenter is able to beabout the house.Mrs. George Howard is criticallyill with tjphoid fever.Robert, the infant son of Mr. andMrs. M. P. Collier, is improving.Mrs. Mollie Cray is quite ill at thehome of her granddaughter, Mrs. J. P.Auxier.Mrs. Alex Hunter, cf Washington,Ky, is the guest of her daughter, Mrs.A. S. Best.Mr. Georgeseverely hurtdoing nicely.Reynolds, who waslast Sunday night, isDr. and Mrs. J. H. Comer, of Paris,are guests of her parents, Mr. andMrs. Nathan Collier.The ladies of the Methodist churchwill hold their annual Easter sale ofedibles Saturday, April 6.Mrs. Thos. McClintock, who hasbeen confined to her home with thegrip, is able to be out again.Srevices Sunday morning and evningat the Presbyterian, Methodist andChistian churches by the pastors.We are ready to doNew stock just in.your papering.JOE MOCK.Mrs. W. R. Barns has returned froma few 'weeks visit to relativs in Masoncounty, accompanied by her littleniece, Alice Biffitt.Meadames J. B. Cray and daughter,Mrs. J. Clarke Leer, were guests ofMr. and Mrs. E. B. Current- at Lexington Tuesday and Wednesday.2 Mrs. Martha Savage, who has beenwith her sister, Mrs. America Butler,for the past year, left Wednesday fora visit to her sons at St. Joseph, Mo.Quite a number of young laides ofM. F. C. left for "their homes Thursday to spend thn Easter holidays.They will return in time for study hallMonday night.All kinds of garden seed for sale.LOUIS VIMONT.Mr. Joe Forsyth, of Baltimore, Md.,was in Millersburg Tuesday. He is anold Millersburg boy and it is the firsttime in eighteen years he has visitedhis home town.Full Ujie of buggies. See us forfarm implements of all kinds.PEALE COLLIER & CO.Misses Ruth McClintock L'and AlfaBall left Tuesday for Cincinnati totake i- "The World." They will return this evening. They were accompanied by Miss Rebecca Freeman,of Paris. 'FOR SALE Baled hay, ship stuff,ground wheat, corn'and oats.PEALE COLLIER & CO.Irvine Taylor Sanders, little son ofRev. and Mrs. R S. Sanders, had histonsils removed at St. Joseph Hospital, Lexington, Wednesday. He wasaccompanied by his mother and Lr.W. G. Dailey. Mrs. Sanders and sonwill return this evening.Mr. T. E. Savage was in receipt ofa communication Tuesday saying thathis daughter. Mrs. A. C. Clocksein, ofAnn Atbor, Mich., had undergone anoperation in Cincinnati Monday. Mr.Savage was not apprised as to thenature of the operation.The Ladies Aid Society of the Christian church met with Mrs. C. T. Dar-II TIT I -l Ci inen vveunesuay anernoon ana arranged for a lecture which will be given bythe pastor, Elder Thomas Smith, atthe church on the evening of April 23.See further particulars later. "The City Council, in regular meetingWednesday night transacted but littlebusiness. After allowing a few smallaccounts the light committee reporteda flat rate for churches, halls, lodgerooms and the opera house, two centsa night for twenty-five wall lamps,trhee for forty and four for aixtv walllights. The final payment on the electric light plant was .ordered made tothe Morse-Fairbanks Company, ofCincinnati. The plant is giving satisfaction. The beginning of the base ballseason is, pear at hand for the Millersburg Military I.ntsitute team with themost brilliant prospects in view theteam is engaged in hard practice.With several of the best men of theteam last season forming the nucleusand with an abundance of newmaterial the team will no dcubt makea record during the coming seasonOnly a few games have been scheduledto date, but they expect to meet somenf the best teams in the Blue Grass,insluding the Eastern Kentucky StateNormal, High Schools of Lexington,Paris, Winchester and Richmond andother teams.. The opening game illbe played on the local grounds Monday, April 8 with the Cynthiana-Hustlers.For People Who Eat.If you eat you need "Digestit." ItaHs. digestion, prevents distress aftereating, stops gas formation, relievesindigestion instantly and cures'dyepepsia. "Digestit" is a little tablet easyto swallow and absolutely harmlessIt has relieved thousands. Sold onpositive guarantee. Your money backif you want it 50c. ask at Varden &Son's,Large Assortment.The largest and best assorted -stockof rugs can be found at J. T. Hinton's.Ice Cream.Let us have your order for ice creamon Easter Sunday. Beginning EasterSunday we will be prepared to furnishice cream in any quantities deliveredto any part of the citv. Hurry-uporders given prompt attention. Theflavors for Sunday will be Vanilla andChocolate. The price 35 cents perquart, .65 cents per one-half gallon,$1.25 per gallon. Both phones 336.The quality of our cream is known tonearly every household in Paris, andthey all say that it is suoerior to anvsold in the city. Fhone us your orderearly.,: . , .J. H. BA.TTERTON.; ' South Main Street.Easter Services at ParisChurches.CHRISTIAN CHURCH.The foWpwing musical program willbe rendered at the Christian church :1. Anthem for soloists and chorus"O Death Where is Thy Sting."2. Quartet "Ye Bells of EastprDay" Mrs. Sutherland, Mrs. Beall,Mr. Morehead; Mr. Lancaster.3. "Christ is Risen" Woman'sChorus."Hail, Lion of Juda" Men's Chorus."Blow Golden . Trumpets" FullChoir.Miss Betsy Ray, Organist.Mr. Albert H. Morehead, ChoirMaster.BAPTIST CHURCH.The following program will be rendered at the Baptist church Sundaymorning :Organ Voluntary "Triumphs!March' Costa.Doxology.Hymn "Oh Day of Rest and Gladness." Scripture.Offeratory -Cavatina Raff.Duet "Oh Morning Land" Mrs.Grover Baldwin and Miss DoroilyTalbott.Hymn "Christ the Lord is RisenToday."Sermon.Trio "Angels Roll the Rock Away"Miss McClintock, Mrs. Clark andMr. Wallace Clark.Hymn "Hark, Ten ThousandVoices. "3 Postlude "War March of Priests"Mendellssohn.CATHOLIC CHURCH.The Easter program at the Churchof the Annunciation will be as follows :Vidi Agnam I. M. Wilkens.Kryie Werner.Gloria Werner.Credo Wrener.Regina Coebi J. L. Baitman. .Sanctus Werner.Benedictus Werner.Agnus Dei Werner.Te Deum.Services Friday 6:45 a. m , 7:30 p.m. ; Saturday, 6 j. m. ; Sunday 8 and10 a. m.PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.'EVENING SERVICES.Organ Voluntary Miss JohnsonSelected. Chorus He is Risen."Quartet Art Thou Weary Schnecker Mrs. Davis. Miss Hill, Mr.Sutherland and Mr. Fithian.Chorus "I waited for be Lord"Mendellsshon Soloists, Mrs. Clay andMrs. Fithian,Quartet "He Shall Come DcwnKLike Rain" Dudlpv Buck Mrp.Fithian, Miss Ifill, Mr. Sutherland,Mr. Mitchell.Male quartet "Sometime, Somewhere" Nevin Mr. Sutherland, Mr.SUckhouae, Dr. .Fithian, Mr. Mitchell. Churus-"Why Seek Ye the Living"warren.Soloist Mrs. Clay.EPISCOPAL CHUKCH. 'bervicea preceding Easter will beheld at St. Peter's Episcopal churchFriday evening at 7:30 o'clock whenBishop Burton will make his annualvisitation to the Paris church, preaching a sermon and administering theright of confirmation. Easter serviceswill he held Sunday morning at 10:45o'clock by the Rector, Rev. George H.Harris. A special musical program isbeing arranged for the occasion.Tobacco Cotton.All grades tobacco .cotton at theSIMON DEPT. STORE.Judge Booe Pardoned.a Gov. Jas. B. McCreary, yesterday atnoon granted a pardon to Judge C. E.Booe, who" was serving a sentence inthe penitentiary for appropriatingState funds for his own use. JudeeBboe was a clerk in the office of theState Treasurer. He had served almost three years of his sentence. Inthe past year his health has fai.ledrapidly.Wall Paper Sale.Don't fail to attend the special wallpaper sale Saturday, Monday andTuesday at the National Five and Tencent store. E. T. Phone 146.Easter Desert.Let us have your order for ice creamon Easter Snday. Sold-in any Lquari'ity. Both phones 336.J. H. BATTERTON.MATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was issuedyesterday to Mr. tlames Sanders andMrs. Emma Tolson. They were unitpdin marriage by Squire L. J. . Ifretwell.Literary Club Meets.The last program meeting of theClub year was held by the LiteraryClub Wednesady afternoon."Modern Works," was the firstgeneral subject, and Miss Nellie Buckner read a paper on De Morgan. Mrs.Chprlton Alexander presented ThomasHardy, the Man and His Works, .andMrs. William B. Ardery read a studyof "The Return of the Native." MisAnnie May read an aiticle on American Playwrights, which was followedby a general discussion of the subject"In the Tendency of Modern DramaUplifting or Degrading."At the meeting of the club nextWednesday afternoon, April 10, at 3o'clock, Mrs. Thomas Jefferson Smith,of Frankfort, president of the StateFederation, will be the'guest ofjionor,and will address the ciub members..The Progressive Culture Club, theSchool Improvement League and theclass in Parliamentary Law will alsobe the guest3 of the club and a sccialhour will follow the meeting, whi hwill close the club year.Overcoat Lost.Cravenette dark grey overcoat loston Maysvilie pike between city limitsand .home of Warren Bacon. Leavewith George Young at B. M. Wheeler'sfurniture store.I : BAKING . j II - POWDER j IS ' "r Absolutely Pure mjaw J""r Economizes Butter, FIohjvW . Eggs; makes tlie food more j ffijm .appetizing and wholesome w(fe Hie only Baking Powder made Mfrom Royal Grape Cream of Tartar yI ITTTIT I T7WI 1 l I mlt I.I Mil II III I ! IIWII HI I 111. i i m7n?j-Mji'n.-mJTi m. iEggs For Sale, j FOR RENT.Pure Rhode I-:land Ro'J E??s. 7strain that lavs the year roundCHARLTON CLAY.6t " E. T. PhoneWiSS startand startsuccess.0)runCapatag$1'009.000.SurplusJO-$67THE DAWNNEW'CopyafcfiSfcy the Standard Adv. Co.npHE-DAYYOU START" BANKi ia,', 11 ,&n it ---x rr Ti.it5 yets u.v u.jy u 11 (j: Cii i.OVV. -o..,c.5 .aimsucceed.UnitedWeOpay-3-a ij T " 50 3Capita $1 00,000iThe Glenn cottip- cn Vire itrcet c?five roerrs, rtrep. it n hull and batrooTj. Possesion given May 1 CarE T. one. 193. tfnezroxiEmoca'sa basik account here,you osi h-e road toProjection$267,50000oooAN ACCOUNT IN THISflay marks the fofrS: variemams tor you to acid tonCP.V V! I fmr von GS-s--a-possessing a determinationtoDepose - rv for Postal Savii gs,per cent, interest on savings accountsANK OF PARIS.. Surplus $30,000