"V "h;".THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR"t-V.- Vu "?VOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, AUGUST 27, 1912I(OSasiHsVSiSfy-iKZV ftffStfY d tf trmuS IMMMilNews To Issue Daily During The ; -vjFair.On AllLOW SHOESBeginning This Week We Will Reduce all HANNAN and NETTLETON OXFORDS, and also Ladies'Pumps and oxfords.We have a great many WHITE SHOES and PUMPSin Nubuck and Canvas that will be greatly reduced.These will be for CASH ONLY.GEO. McWILLIAMS,LPhones 301The Shoe ManI!MOT WEATHER1SPECIALSBoiled HamMinced HamDried BeefBologna 'Imported Swiss Cheese .Brick CheesePimento CheeseNew York CheeseWater Melons andCantaloupes on Ice,Following the rule established lastyear the News will be issued dailv during the week of the Bourbon Fair.Thefair daily last year was a decided success, upon which we receivedmany compliments. This year we willendeavor to improve it to a degieeand give our readers all of the happenhings during the week.It is requested that all advertisereeet their copv in at the earliest possible date so .as to -faciliate its hand-line nromntly and materially assist us !in the work.r"WE KNOW HOW"Fair Commences Next' Tuesday.One week from today the gates ofthe Bourbon Agricultural Society 'willbe thrown onen for the sixty-firfthannual exhibition. The historic fairpromises to be larger and better thanever before." The wealthl ot premiums that have heretofore characterized each annual exhibition, are greater than ever before.Everything in the way ot a saddleand harness horses is provided for under a special arrangement, and theamuont of money that can It won issecured in no ennuty fair in th j Stateof Kentucky.Not only are'the attractive premiums attached to the horse class, butin every department, they abound inevery profusion. There has been somereal contestsjwitnessed in the Bourbonfair show rings and each day of thefair this year will.no doubt furnish asensation.Besides .the many Tfeatures of theshow ring, there will be other attractions . The Society has closed a contract with the Af.H. Jones Amusementand Concession Co., to furnish the attractions for 'the entre week. Thecompany wll come with a number ofexcellent midway attractions, whichare intended to add to the pleasure ofthe crowds that are expected to attend.Michael's celebrated concert bandwhich last year furnished the musicfor the fair has again been contractedlor and with .this organization willcome MissWilhelma Haraman, a soloist of.greatfability.The musical program has alwaysbeen a distinct part of the BourbonFair and those attending this year willfindjt j for 'superior to any ever before" heard in Paris.Secretary Chas. Webber has beenengaged the past week in putting onthe'finishing touches to the greatestcounty fair in the State. In his workhe has had the co-operation of the directors and President Jas. M. Hall,together with the general f public tomake it the desired success.BLUE RIBBON FLOUR25-Ib Sack SOcSO-lb Sack $ 1 .601 OO-lb Sack $3.20T. C. LENIHAIN,Appointed To Military Academy.Mr. Winn Lisle, son oi Mr. D. C.Lisle, who resides in this county, hasreceived an appointment to WestPoint Military Academy. The appointment was made by Hon. J. Campbell Cantrill, Congressman from theSeventh Kentucky District. Mr,Lisle is a graduate of the Paris HighScliool and served in the highest office ot the military department ofthat school.ifwVVThe aWho4fedeThemFopYou"Kind of ClothesThey excite the flatteringcomment of your friendsthe homage men pay to style "and fit.Our Clothes have thatlook the expensive tailorlook and they cost no morethan ordinary clothes boughtelsewhere.Particularly seasonablestyles for fall wear. Tryon to-day.-?'t,? 1Jif!:iMitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to MenParis, KentuckyCash Grocery.Both Phones 234Prompt Settlement.Roxie Davis, agent for the Travelers' Insurance Co., made a record yesterday when he settled a claim withMiss Mamie Neal for damages doneto her dress skirt, which was causedby a rim of Mr. S. G. Clay's automobile blowing off and tearing her diess.Mr. Davis settled with Miss Neal inseven minutes after the accident, replacing it with a new one. He alsocarried the policy on the car for Mr.Clay.& ia. 1!.iLmmmummumiiuTnii iiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiw9FRANK & COSThe Store Where Reliability Reigns. 11 FALL DISPLAY OF HISEf-?Sf7mmJU-TfiXTv'vKAArdrsagWOOLENS1,000 Samples to Select From.Saits To Order$15 to $40.00.Fit and WorkmanshipGuaranteed. Lining wearsout during year relinedFREE.1-3 Off on all Panamasand Straw Hats,PRI6E & GO.Giotniersand Furnishers3smmSSffiSkmiisiWXSAmusemant Features at Fair.The amusement features at theBourbon Fair, September 3-7 includea number of excellent attractions.All clean and wholesome, runningday and night.W. B. Ardery Purchases ParisDemocrat.By a deal which was consumatedSaturdav Mr. William B. Arderv. ofthis city, became the owner of theParis Democrat, which for the pastthirteen years has been edited andpublished by Mr. William Remington.Mr. Ardery will take charge of thepaper September 2 and alter movingto other quarters will improve thenlant by the'addition of new machinery and type.Mr. Ardery, who is"one of "the promising young lawyers of the Bourbonbar, has been practicing his profession since his graduation from CentralUniversity about three years ago, andenters the newspaper fidldj under tliemost favorable "circumstances. He isthe son ot Mr. W. P. Ardery. prominent farmer of this county and is verypopular.Mr. Remington, who disposed of theplant, will assist Mr. Arderv in thebusiness for a time when it is expected he will retire from the newspaper business atter a service of almost forty years.wmTlvt-'i'CmtGet Ready For the Fair.Look over yuur China and Glasswareand let us fill your wants now for theBourbon Fair.27-2t FOKD & CO.Grand Show or Horses.The grandest horse show of themFinal Clean-Up SaleOF51Ladies' Ready-to-Wear Garments.9as5$25.00 Ladies' Suits, now $15.00 Lid 2S Suits, now35.00 Lingerie Dresses, now25.00 Lingerie Dresses, now20.00 Lingerie Dresses, now15.00 Lingerie Dresses, now -10.00 Lingerie Dresses, now30.00 Silk Dresses, now25.00 Silk Dresses, now :20.00 Silk Dresses, now....'10.00 Linen Dresses, now7.50 Linen Dresses, now5.00 Linen Dresses, nowAll Other Ready-to-wear uarmencs Reduced in- . - Price - - -9.985.0Q17.5015.009.987.754.981 5.0012.5010.004.983.982.98ReducedFRANK & C.,r:'Paris5Kentuckymf0fik a11 ati th6 Bourbon Fair, September 3i3! ,7 "-usive- Special features, newm iMiinnininiiMii iiTimiun ?:imniimniiJimnmiimiinmi iiiiiiiniiniiiijjJJJJJjjannijiinnnniiiiiririrLnfniiiMrnnna:iIJ2X-39;i5$&2Kyn jk k wc"?-- s A'attractions.Wft- rTffiT--id!iJ I"fr4 )!.fl1!'1'iiJ 13kiHow ' MuchSaved In the LastTen Years ? -At 3 Per Cent.In Ten Years aDeposit WithThis Bank of$1sOO a month amounts to $1 38.72'.$5.00 a month amounts to $693.72Start NowrjOpen an Account with Us Today,tee siariciiltur!Capital$100900o00SurpSus$675500.00So Simple Anyone CanRun ItNo need of a mechanic to take care of theStudebaker "20." No need of a chauffeur. Youor your wife can run it as easily as an expert.Simplicity of operation and control, addedto the light running and easy riding qualities ofStudebaker cars are the delight of their 75,000owners.The Studebaker (Flanders) "20" is equal inquality of material and workmanship to any carmade, and its low price and low upkeep costputs it within your reach.We know the quality of our cars becauseevery part is made in our own plants andguarantees to us what we guarantee to you.The Studebaker name, too, means service afteryou buy.Ready for immediate delivery.-.The $800 Studebaker (Flanders) "20"r Price, Standard Equipped, $800 ( . o. b. Detroit.f Equipped ax above, with Top, Windshield, Prest-O-Lite Tankand Speedometer, $885.pAsIt our dealer for the new Studebaker art catalogue or send to us for il"Jhe Studebaker Corporation Detroit, MichiganNEW BARBER SHOP !Modern Equipment.4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.'Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORD;Notice.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.'"David Hickman's Administrator.PlaintiffVs. Notice.'His Heirs, - DefendantsAll person holding claims againstthe estate of David Hickman, deceased, are hereby notified to Dresentthesame, proven, as required by law, tome at my office at the court house, inParis, Bourbon county, Kentucky, a.All claims not presented by September 1. 1912. will be barred.C. A. MCMILLAN, M. C. B. C. C.Hot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers alvays ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits4 You are next.M. A. KAHAL.jHave- YouPaProtection267.500.00Professional CardsJJ WILLIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.iloom 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kennev,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones . T 1( Home 136.Residence J 3ttesiaence Home 334Dli. A. B KELIEK,Practicing Physician,Jinces, RoomsParis,and 5, Elk's Bld'gKentuckyAUTO FOR HIRESpecial attention given toparties desiring to hire automobiles. Call on us forpricesTRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Livery, Feed and Sales Stable.Eighth Street Both Phones.Insure with W. O. Siinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tf-"""" l vthe bddrwmjewsSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceI Entered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on cendidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl er. 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.DEMOCRATIC TICKET.For President,HON. WOOUROVV WILSON.of New Jeisey.For Vice-President,HON. TH0S. R.MARSHALL,ot Indiana.For Congress, fS9f'HON. J. CAMPBELL CANTRILL,1 of Scott county.Dissolution.The trusts have found out that nothing pays as well as "dissolution."Following a decree ot the SupremeCourt ordeiing the Standard Oil trustto dissolve, the value of that monopoly's stock went skvward. The courtdecree, without changing the trusE inany wav, except in the matter of administration amounted practially togovrenment guarantee to violate thelaws, after the decree was issued thetrust managers discovered that he monopoly stood in no further danger ofgovernment prosecution, and as thisdanger has always been the chief menace of the trust, it was a great boonto have it removed. Accordingly thevalue of the trust shares 'rose rapidly.As a result, other trusts have begunto "dissolve." .The beef trust has announced a "dissolution" plan, so thatit. too, may conform to the SupremeCourt definition of a law-abidingtrust.The powder trust did likewise, the decree in its case being written by thetruts's own lawyers, and later approved by the Federal Court of Delaware.Netx to'a high tariff, "dissolution" isthe best thing that ever happened tothe trusts.Work of Trusts.In the city of Lawrence, Mass..where the highly fprotecttd woolenmills hold forth ; where boys and girlswork tor S2, $3 and $4 a week, andfathers and mothers work long hoursfor 5, $6 and $7 a week tor fuli time,47 out of every 100 deaths are those ofchildren under the age of 5 years. Andi of these 47 children, 35 under 1 yearof age ! The doctors declare the bigmajority of these children peribh because their mothers labor such longhours, under such unsanitary conditions in the woolens mills.But mark the percentage of childdeath in Lawrence particularly : fortyseven out ot every,. 100 persons ..thatdie in Lawrence are children under 5years of age. Now compare this withSeattle, Wash., There, out of every100 persons who die, but 19 are children under 5 years of age.The average of the whole country is2i children under 5 years of age instead of 47 as in Lawrence, and forthe vhole couutry 19 out of every 100deaths are of children under 1 year ofage, instead of 35 as.in Lawrence.In Fall River, Mass., where thewoolen trusts'also operates, 50 out ofevery 100 persons that die, are children under 5 years. At New Bedlord, Mass., another woolen mill town,46 outofevery 100 persons that die,are under 5years, and the great majority of the 49 are babies.The people who work in the woolenmilis are "oiotected". That is themulti-milliomar vvoolen trust magnateswno come to Washington for exces"hive moteclinon, say that the cole reason they desire tanlf rates which givesthem a monopoly on American markets and permit thern to charge doublethe value on woolen clothing, is thatthey aie "protecting" their employeesIn addition to making this plea, thetrust magnates, of course, make liberalcontributions of money to the campaign funds of the party of protection. The result is such bills as Schedule K of the payne-Aldnch law.Here is a plain question for theAmerican people to ask themselves:Why shoula they longer permit a comparative handful j of i millionaires toforce them to pay exorbitant pricesfor every article of woolen clothingthey wear, on the pretext ot those richmerTthat they are "nrotecting" theiremployees, when these employees arenot onlv being protected hut are being paid such low wages that trey aiepractically compelled to live liku cattle?Clean Campaign Fund. TThe New York World says: "Thecheck for SI, 000 which William J.Brvan sent to the Democratic NationalCommittee is said to be the largestsingle contribution yet received. Ifthis is true, even if at the end of thecampaign it should be still true democracy might be proud ot the record.A great deal of money "is needed fcrthe legitimate uses of a campaign,but il is clean money when it comesin sums'of moderate sizes from manypersons interested in the triumph of apolitical theory or principle. It isdirty money when ti comes from an insurance company without knowledge orconsent of its policy holders; or froma Harriman expecting to edit a president's message; or from the Morganinterests which are sbfriendly'with us;from a coroporation that is trying tobuy priveliges, or even from a harmless millioniare who merely seeks tomake his country ridiculous as an ambassador abroad. No fear that thepeople will not support a people's campaign sufficiently forjropar purposes.No greater and no other support isnecestary."Origin of Pawnbrokers' Sign.On the doors of eaiiy Florentinebankers was the three-leaf lily sign,the lily being the emblem of Florence, and claim is now made thatthis is why the pawnbroker of todayhas the three balls as his sign, whichappears to be an evolution of thethree-leaf lily.Meeting oi Kentucky Jailers.County Jailer W. T. Ballinger, ofLexington, is busily making preparations to entertain the members of theKentucy Jai;er's Association at itssixth annual meeting which will, beheld in that city on Tuesday, September 3. The meetings will be held atthe courthouse and a large number ofthe 120 jailers of the State are expected to attend.The officers of the jailers' associationare as follows:President W. S. Fitzgeiald, Danville. Secretary J. 3. Mullins. WinchesterFirst Vice President and TreasurerG. W. Mitchell, New Castle.Second Vice President Neal Silvers,Somerset.Thiid Vice President W. T. Ballinger, Lexington.Executive Committee John R. PflanLouisville; Geo. H. iMitchell, NewCastle; J. S. Mullins, Winchester;E. F. Taylor, Lagrange; C. M.Briggs, Morganfield Z. D. Lusby,Georgetown; W. T. Ballinger, Lexington ; H. C. Comhs, West Liberty ; Ed.Thompson, She'. by ville; G. H. Smith,Veisailles; Neil Silvers. Somerset.Blamed a Good Worker."I blamed my heart for severe distress in my left side for two years,"writes W. Evans. Danville, Va., "butnow I know it was mdigeston as Dr.King's New Life Pills completely cured me." Best for stomach, liver an'ikidney troubles, constipation, headacheor debility. 25c. at Oberdorfer's.Kentucky Fair Dates. .The following are the dates fixed forholding the Kentucky fairs for 1912, astar as reported. Officera of fairs arerequested to report to us any omissionsor correction of dates.Shelbvville August 27, four days.London August 27, three davs.Nicholasville August 27, three days.Fulton August 28, four days.5j Germantown August 28, four days." Dover August 28, four das.Springfield August 28, four days.Florence August 28, four days.Franklin August 29, three days.Elizabetht'jwn September 3, threedays.PARIS, September 3. five days.Tompkinsville Spetember 4, fourdays.Barboursville September 4, threedays.Bardstown September 4, four davs.Bowling Green September 4, fourdays.Sanders Tri-County Fair, September 4, four days.Monticello September 3, fcur days.Louisville State Fair Sept. 9 sixdavs.Melbourne September 17, five days.Horse , Cave September 18, fourdavsis often a sign of poor health.Loss of weight generally showssomething wrong.Scott's Emulsioncorrects this condition and buildsUp the whole body. All Druggists.bcott &. Ron ne Moomfield. N. J 12-1Some Good AdviceTo the People.Don't sell your old feathers until you find out the prices, Youcan call us and we will look atyour feather, or if you live inthe counrry send us a sample. Iwill let you know what they areworth. Some old feathers if theyhave been well cared for are asgood as new. We pay marketprice for new feathers.MAX MUNBCK,8th Street, PARIS, KY.Call East, Tenn. Phone 374NATURE'S JLtJSlTVS-.Nature's laws are oerfect if only we obey them, bat disease follows disobedience. Go straight to Nature for the cure, to the forest; there are mysteries there,some of which we can fathom fcr ycu. Take the bark of the Wild-cherry tree,with mandrake root, Oregon rape root, clone root, queen's root, bloodroot andgokten seal root, make a scientific, glyceric extract of them, with just the rightproportions, and you have fDOCTOR PIERCE'S GOLDEN FflEDSCAL DISCOVERY.It took Dr. Pieroe, v,ith the assistance of tro learned chemists and pharmaC. W. Paw ley, Esq.CORTRIGHTVrt' .jjassa mmjil&jzs; U'. yfe-'s-v, .--l. .y-i&r- .jirf .- t j r- &syKi.rrj.iJt isrN&.Saa a a s & a B vfcs? azs? a M safryv.v. -.x$iFStorm-proof, too, because they interlock and o-.erbp in such a way that the jH finest drivhg snew or rain cannot sih under &em. IB Eest roof for country buildings, because fh"wc safe from all the element. S7 They'll last as long as the building, and ne.'er need repairs.For Sale by Miller 8c Best, Millersburg, Ky.New Fall Suits Arriving1 ": ,.,,.."' ' , .- ', "'' J 'J9fSt vJStBLOSS BROS 6 CO I .,vSS'J&b "am iriutUUnNtkeri v.' -TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L. WoIIstine, Proprietor.s23dQ:tsd!yWhy not you join the great army ofcustomers and burnrjgggEgi&Now is the time to try a load.Dodson & DentonPARIS. KY.feS32CSS?ti3(?2SC3aCumberland telephone ana Celegrapb CompanyINCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the CumberlandBourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North Middietown, Little? Rock andRuddles Mills.J1 'When you have Cumberland' servicefHAVE telephone service.' 'Cumberland'Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated,rrcists, many months of hard work experimenting to perfectthis vegetable alterative and tonic extract of the greatesteGciency.. Mr. C. VT. Pauley, of Mlilvlllc, Ca!if.,rritc3 : " I wishto tell jou that I have used jour 'Golden Medical Discovery' in my family for tv.enty years. "We have had adoctor eailed in but once during that time. I have a familyof ten eli.Idiv-n, all well and hearty, for which, to a grea;extent, we o e thanks to you and your ' Golden MedicalDiscovery ' and ' Pellets,' which -. e use when sick."Dr. Pierce's Pleanant Pellets regulate and invigoratestomach; liver and bowels. Sugar-coated, tiny granules.i&m.a,M.E3Fm4a- DailySchloss Bros., & Co.,Baltimore, Mid.,Hand Made SuitsAre Mere DirectFrom The TailorsHands. . .We are showing the new Plum,Carnation, Grey and Browns, theprices very reasonable, $15 to 25.All Wool Fall Suits, newestshades at. . . .$10, $12.50 and $15.Our Fall Line of Haws VonGol Hats Douglass Shoes and Irvin Bros., Special Shoes are arriving daily.The showing we are makingfor Fall is in every way up to thehighest class, our prices are morereasonable than elsewhere.you)(lyVJysr- s.V ; vjr".&'V&SiV"J"T"J",HK''f iJ --f v.fkT-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 27, 19121-t.w'UHappy the girl, or woman, who has never suffered fromany of the diseases of womanhood! Or, if she has been asufferer, happy is she if she has learned of the wonderfulbenefits of Cardui, the woman's tonic!Cardui is a gentle, tonic remedy, for women's ailments.It is a natural medicinesafe, harmless, purely vegetable.It has been in successful use for more than 50 years. IiT 1J t TI t 1 . i& nas cureu xnousanas. it snouiaMrs. Mary Neely, of Denver, Tenn., says, "I thinkthere is no tonic on earth, as good as Cardui. I used itwith the very best results. I had backache and nearlyeverything a woman could suffer with, until I took Cardui.Now, I feel better than I have for two years. I shallalways recommend Cardui to other suffering women. Ican't praise it too highly. As a medicine for w,eak, tired,worn-out women, Cardui is safe and reliable. Try it, today.Write to: Ladies' Advisory DeDt.. Chattanoom MeAMn On rht,Hmn rfor Special Instructions, and 64-page book. "Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 56L. & N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59!P. M.Trains jrrrsreFROMAtlanta, Ga. , DailyLexington, Ky., DailyCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except SundayMaysville, Ky., Daily Except SundayRowland, Ky. , Daily Except SundayLexington, Ky., Daily Except SundayCincinnati, 0., DBilyMaysville, Ky., Daily Except SundayLexington, Ky,, DailyCincinnati, O., DailyLexington, Ky. , Daily Except SundayCynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except SundayMaysville, Ky., Daily Except SundayNo.342971040373123326259138385393083231Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.d4 pmKnoxville. Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pmMaysville, Kv., Daily 5.25 pmCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6,03 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.03 amJacksonville. Fla., Daily 6 05 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrains IDe-peirtNo. TO34 Cincinnati. O., Daily 5.2S am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily' Except Sunday S.20 am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily I .9.07 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.24 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily ' 10.27 am6 Maysville, K., Daily 12.05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.34 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.4o pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.52 pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.57 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.10 pm8 Mavsville, Ky., Dailv Except Sunday 6.15 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.25 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.55 pm13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57 pIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3, 1911.Trains rrrsreNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.40 pm5 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 Dm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10.00 pmTrains DepartNo. TO1G1 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only 6.20 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday 9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky DailylExcept Sunday 5.52 amMICIff Easiest to Vyjj!f St on any fsfflfQ.D. Clincher JpllF0Just as superior to oilier tiresas MicMiu Red Inner Tubes are toother tubesIN STOCK BYvtYerkes & PrichardCor. Pleasant and HighHappy?ao trie samp fnr vnv...v 4,4. jVlpt,5 21 am4.34am7.35 am7.38 am7.55 am, 8.12 am9.50 am10.20 am10.15 am, 10.24 am12.00 am3.10 rm.3.15 pmHELINQuickDetachableClincherShocking Soundsin the earth are sometiinea heard before a terrible earthquake, that warnof thecomine peril. Nature's warningsare kind. That dull pain or ache inthe back warns you the Kidneys needattention. If you would escape thosdangerous maladies, Dronsy, Diabetesor Bright s disease take Electric Bitters at once' and see backache fly andall your best 'feelings return. "Myson received great benefit from theiruse for kidnev and bladder trouble,"writes Peter Bondy, South Kockwood,Mich., "It is certainlv a great kidney medicine." Try h. J50 cents atOberdrfer's.Left Auntie Pondering.Ernest is constantly asking his indulgent aunt for pennies, which arenever refused. She recently said tohim: "Now, Ernest, you may askaunty for a penny whenever you wantone, but you won't ask other peoplefor one, will you?' "Oh, no," he answered with an air of letting his relatives off easy. "I will ask other people for a nickel."$100 Reward $100.The rerders of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stages, andthat is Catarrh. Hail's Catarrh Cureis the only positive cure now known tothe medical fraternity. Catarrh being a constitutional disease, requires aconstitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, actingdirectly upon the blood and mucoussurfaces of the system, thereby destroying the foundation of the disease,aud giving the patient strength bybuilding up the constitution and assisting nature in doing its work. Theproprietors have so much faith in itscurative powers that they offer OneHundred Dollars for any case that itfails to cure. Send for list of testimonials. Address F. J. CHENEY ;& CO., Toledo, Ohio.Sold b.v all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. Optimist and Pessimist.An optimist is a man who does notcare what happens so long as it doesnot happen to him; a pessimist is aman who has lived for a long timewith an optimist.A vast amount of ill health is due toimpaired indigestion. When the stomach fails to perform its fuuctions properly the whole system becomes deranged. A few doses of Chamberlains Tablets is all you need. Thevwill strengthen your digestion, invigorate your liver, and regulate yourbowels, entirely doine: away withthat miserable feeling due to faulty digestion. Try it. Many others havebeen permanently cured why not you?For sale bv all dealers.Made His Demands Definite.The "minimum wage" idea appealsto one English boy who was asked theother day by his teacher to write, asthe daily composition, a letter to hisfather asking for an increase in pocket money. The boy set forth the needof large funds, and ended with acourteous demand for a "minimumsum of money." One of the reasonsfor the demand was that the boy didnot get enough taffy to eat and hadno papers to read.He Won't Limp Now.No more limping for Tom Moore,of Cochran. Ga., "I had a bad soreon my instep that nothing seemed tohelp till I used IBucklen's ArnicaSalve," he writes, "but this wonderful healer scon cured me." Heals oldrunning sores, ulcers, boils, bums,cuts, bruises, eczema or piles. Try it.Only 25c at Oberdofer's.Her Household Gods.Miss Oddways in receiving a friendin her new apartment the other daysaid cordially: "Well, here I am, yousee, in my new home, with all my lastsand pennants gathered about me.""I was cured of diarrhoea by onedose of Chamberlain's Colic, Choleraand Diarrhoea Remedy." writes M. E.Gebhardt, Oriole, Pa. For sale by alldealers.Origin of Fire Insurance.Fire insurance is said to have originated after the great fire of Londonin 1666.Mr. W. S. Gunsalus. a farmer livingnear Fleming, Pa., says he has usedChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy in his fpmilv for fifteen years' and that he has found it tobe an excellent remedy, and takespleasure in recommending it. For saleby all dealers. -s5.-&-Ruthless Destroyer of Eooks.The most ancient destroyer of booksknown wTas the Babylonian king, Nebonassar, who in the third century,B. C, destroyed all the records of thereigns and rules precedent to himself."A ere all medicines as meritoriousas Chamberlf in's- Colic. Oolaia andDiarrhoea Remedy the .v r'd would bemuch better off and the ercent3jre ofsjfferirg greatly decrea?e ' writesLhdsay Scott, of Temple, Ind. Forsale bv all dealers.Embarrassing Hospitality.The Ifugaos are very friendly, andare continually offering gifts of chicken and eggs. They have a very strongdrink on the order of tapui, which theybring forth on all occasions, and theetiquette of the countrv requires thatone should take a drink. The continued invitation to d"ink this "congcong" was the most disagreeable partof the trip through their country.Manila, Times.BURIED TALENTHELDTO BLAMEEducated People Responsiblefor the illiterate.OPPORTUNITIES NOT REALIZEDIn an Awakening Address Deliveredby Harry A. Sommerstt, of the Elizabethtown News Before the Kentucky Educational Association, thePeople of the Commonwealth WereForcibly Reminded of a Duty LongNeglected.At a recent meeting of the Kentucky Educational association atLouisville, Harry A. Sommers of theBlizabethtown News charged that theeducated people of the commonwealthare chiefly responsible for the uneducated and that Kentucky has beenasleep for fifty years on the publicschool situation.Mr. Sommers spoke in part as follows on ihe subject of "The Press andthe Public School":I charge that the educated of thecommonwealth are chiefly responsiblefor the uneducated, that the learnedare responsible for the illiterate. Wehave been given talent which we haveHARRY A. SOMMERS.buried instead of using for our moreunfortunate fellow man. We havemarvelous opporunities, but we havenot realized or accepted the responsibilities which go with tho opportunity. Kentucky, the first state in theSouth to establish free schools, hasbeen asleep for nearly fifty years onpublic school education and nowwakes to find herself lagging in therear of most of her sister 3tates inthis important matter. We wereasleep when we allowed our ruralschools to retrograde.. We wereasleep when we did not keep theschool apace with the developmentand growth of the nation. We wereasleep when we left the whole matterIn the hands of the school teacherand neglected our responsibility to assist him and stand by him. We wereasleep when we sent men to the legislature unfit to grapple with thisquestion and most generally indifferent to itThank God we are awake now andbefore it is too late. Awake and onguard, and, if we as sentinels for education on the watch towers of progressgo to sleep until the school house ismade a thing of credit instead of athing of reproach, until the stain of illiteracy is wiped out, we deserve thefate of any sentinel who goes to sleepat his post. A man who does wrongand does not know he has violatedthe law is not exempt from the penalty, but the man who knowingly violates the law is more culpable. Whilewe were ignorant and indifferent tothe lack of advancement in our schoo'swe were nevertheless responsible, butnow that we are fully aware of ourunfortunate condition we are doublyresponsible if we do not respond to it.The precious jewels of the common"wealth aro its children. The futureof the state depends upon them andthey depend on us. Are we goingto polish them with an education tofit them for life's duties and obligations and citizenship, or are we goingto allow them to grow up in ignoranceto become paupers and criminals? ItIs a burning question which appealsto manhood, which appeals to intelligence, which appeals to our hearts.Have we heard the cry - inch comesfrom the mountains and from theisolated sections all over Kentucky?I, for one, have heard it. It has beenringing in my ears for ten years ormore and neither my pen nor voiceshall become silent in answering ituntil every educated man and womanin the state realizes our needs andrecognizes the responsibilities. Asthe aged Hamalcar in his camp fireswore the infant Hannibal to eternalhatred for Rome, so I would nwearyou now by the intelligence whichbeams in your eyes, by the enthusiasm which runs in your veins and bythe love which is in your hearts, toswear an eternal hatred for ignoranceand illiteracy until we have wiped itfrom. our borders.What we need in Kentucky is, public sentiment for the public aohoolsfor laws without public sentiment willnot solve our problem. We nad apublic sentiment which will impressthe fact that a greater obligation restsupon the parents to educate theirchildren than upon the state, and thatthey ought to be willing to pay morefor It than the state.That the best way to create a localinterest in the local school is a localtax and as proof of this, it should beshown that all the best schools havea local tax and all the worst schoolsare without it.That the district trustee should beas much interested in the teacherand his teaching as the teacher is inhis school. That the school houseshould be as good and as attractiveas any home in the district.That when we know under the newschool census where the illiterate children live, it will become the duty ofthe people of that district to see thatthese children are sent to school andprovide clothing and shoes if theparents are too poor to provide them.That the teacher should be morecommended for what he is able to accomplish and less criticized for whathe is unable to do.That moonlight schools for theadults will pay better than moonshinestills.That the office of county schoolsuperintendent is the most importantin the country.That it is more important to educate all the people some, than a fewof the people a great deal.That we do not need to teach deadlanguages In a live country exceptwithin the walls of a university.That those things which will be ofmost value to a boy and girl afterthey leave school should be the thingswhich should be taught first and best.That the children's minds shouldnot be puzzled over Greek roots whenthey do not know the difference between calamus root and poke root.That the conjugation of the verb"amo" need not be taught In theschool because the boys and girlslearn it soon enough outsido theschool.That the unknown quantities of algebra had better remain unknownthan that a boy should remain ignorant of the soil quantities of hisfather's farm.That the time spent in making indifferent performances on the pianocould be better utilized in abolishingbad biscuits from the breakfast table.That the public school ought to getIn the newspaper and the newspaperin the public school.While you may not agree with mein all of these things, you will certainly agree with me in most of them.The question is how are we going tocreate this public sentiment.The school teacher is powerless todo it even when he does his best.He is handicapped by the very nature'of the case. We must look to the educated people of this state. Men andwomen who will give their time andtalent and means to create a bettersentiment for the rural schools, andwe must look to the press.The newspaper and the publicschools are the two greatest forcesat work in this country for both progress and enlightenment.The newspapers' influence dependsupon the number of readers it has andthe number of readers depends on howmany people are taught to read. Theremust be a combination between thepress and the professor, a united interest between the newspaper and thepublic school. If the press of thisstate would' give half the thought andhalf the space to education that it doesto politics the schools would be revolutionized in less than a decade. Thepress must first be made interested Inthis great question, then it must beeducated to the needs of the schools,then shown how the needs may besupplied. The editor and the schoolteacher must be brought within closertouch with each other. This shouldbe done through this organization.Mind you, I am not talking abouta movement through the press for thebenefit of the teachers, but a movement for the benefit of the people. Theschool must be made the importantthing and not the school teacher. Thechildren's interest must be put in theforefront as the battle cry throughthe press for their welfare, and the. welfare of the state. All great enter! prises get before the public with thej news bureau and there is no enteri prise as great as the education of thej masses. Most enterprises pay for pub"licity, but this Is one of which the. newspapers will require no pay. Ittakes real newspaper talent to con' duct any kind of publicity bureau. It, requires the talent of first interesting. the reader with what it tells, nextit must do more than interest it,It should got the reader in sympathywith the story, then it must so takehold of him that he wants a part in it.There should be selected a most capable man or woman with proper newspaper instinct to send a column oncea week to every newspaper in Kentucky of such live public school matter that the editor will he glad to giveit space. The Information should be1 gathered from the various schools allover the state by the teachers andsent to the head of their bureau. It' should be facts and not arguments.. The facts can be so written that theywill carry their own argument andalso carry convictions. Such an edui sational press bureau established inthis city or Frankfort could and wouidI arouse more interest and create morepublic sentiment for the rural schoolsthan any other one thing could do,because every week it would have athousand times as large an audience' as this building will hold. With the1press willing to help, I do hope' thatsuch an opportunity will not be alMowedftq escape.KITES TO CARRY AIR SCOUTSiFrench Military Man Has DevisedScheme Which AuthoritiesView With Favor.While the enthusiastic airmen havesucceeded in putting France far ahead!of all other countries in the way oqmilitary aeronautics, one captain, Sa-jconney by name, has been doggedlyworking over man-carrying kites, oflwhich so much was once expected,but which have been put in the shad(by the more showily performing aero-j-planes.A short time ago he made an ascen-fsion out at sea, carried up by a series!of kites that were towed by a man of!'war. He claims that it is a simplejmatter to make observations and thatjit is much easier to regain the shipthan if he tried to come down from!an excursion by aeroplane. "'His latest adaptation, and one thatjhas made military authorities take noitice, is a combination of automobileand kite.His outfit consists of an automobilewith a windlass that Is operated bythe motor, .a trailing truck carryingthe kites folded up and a squad of 20men. The train can attain a speed ofabout 16 miles an hour.The speed of the motor to some ex4tent makes up for lack of wind, and)ascensions are safe where Jhey wouldbe dangerous under ordinary condl-jtions. The big kites make reconnoiter-fmoner-tae, andjto put)ing easier than from an aeToplane;the apparatus is much handiertogether.LIKES OLD-FASHIONED HOUSEtBelgian Consul at Boston Refuse tofMake Changes in His Pictureesque Abode.E. S. Mansfield, the Belgian consuljhas an old-fashioned house which has4existed for at least a hundred years,,and which he has refused to have flfc-ited either with gas or electricity.It Is like a breath of another cenrltury, says the friends who visit it,,but they admire even more the rar&and ancient garden which leads fronnit. In itself the garden is complete.and after the style of the early European gardens or America's colonlaHones. The old paintings which hangrin the house always evoke the most!praise of all. They are Spanish.Dutch, Flemish, Italian, French an&iEnglish works, and they add to the?aged aspect of the home."Whenever guests who know the motiVem activity of Mr. Mansfield first be-J come acquainted with his house, theyj are surprised that it should appear soI opposite to the owner. They ask Mr-,i Mansfield of it and he answers: "XI like the contrast." Boston Traveler-Pigeon Brought Luck.It is one of the pet beliefs of the?fishing fleet folk that when a whitebird flies aboard a ship at sea goodluck is bound to follow. And if a.white bird happens to fly aboard a.brand-new craft it insures the vesselwith all kinds of joy forever. Out onGeorges, recently, a little pigeon fluttered down on the deck of the good,ship Mary, perching on the wheel box..Result, good luck. . Although Captain.Whaien's boat struck mighty hard!weather it came through without a.scratch and landed 130,000 pounds offish, mostly hake and cusk, which ispretty nearly the record catch for stmaiden trip. The pigeon looked as. ifit had had some pretty hard luck itselbefore it fell in with the Mary, however. One .of its wings was badlytorn, as if a gull or a hawk had takena piece out of it. The men aboard,took good care of the pigeon, giving;it plenty of food, although they madeno attempt to confine it to any onepart of the vessel. The bird made?friends with every one, especially thecook, and refused to eat except out orthe men's hands. As the Mary cametup the harbor the bird was adeckAbreast of Governor's island he suddenly took wing and flew away. Themen said it looked to them as if the?bird had recognized his surroundings:in the inner harbor and had flown forhome.When Fish Go to Bed.Did you know that fish go to bed irrthe winter? Prof. Dyche, state fishuand game warden for Kansas, says:"Sure thing, fish have beds. I haveseen them piled up four and five fisbdeep for a space at least 3 by 10 feet.TJsually they find a place below a log;or some kind of an obstruction in a.stream where there is an eddy. Theycan maintain their positions therewithout much effort. I don't knowwhether they sleep or not, but fish willspend most of a winter in that way."When the water gets extremely"cold the fish become sluggish. Theycan move around a little, but they loseall their alertness. They can even becaught by hand. All you need to dois to cut a hole in the Ice after it hasbeen frozen over for some time. Somefish will come to the hole for air. It Isan easy matter to slip your hand under the fish slowly and you may lifthim clear of the water before bomakes a wiggle.Good Excuse. -v 'It was on the sleeping-car."Say, mister," said the man intfierunper berth to the occupant of thelower, "quit that music, will you?Wbat do you think this Is, a concerthall? The rest of us want to sleep.'"Why, the car is so stuffy," said thwarbler, "I was only humminr little ,air"It was then that he was hit with k ,Pullman pillow, remaining uneonseMKi&for seven, hours. Harpex'a.'Wejeislyi J "!-. "S tf -t5 , i -TH& BOURBON NEWS, PARIS) KENTUCKY,- AUGUST 27, 1 91 2.'. I 'sMATRIMONIAL.iIfK1tIIISI1aiL !rHII 'ItMit "i hiJ.,':sJHLjilHffl1Hi!.kitI'i IniV Iiuhn j'iwfitSSIJrrt !f'jiU'INHfit-rW!tf66 ANNUALBOURBONCOUNTYFAIR!PARIS, KY.,Sept. 3, 4, 5, 6, 7,1912. iBest Horse...Them All...5 of Live9 Free Entrancetj MICHAEL'S CONCERT BAND!fa MISS HAMMANN, Soloist xEvery Day Has Special Features, IncludingTuesday Big Colt Stake, Pony Show, ShorthornCattle, Harness, Saddle and RoadsterHorses' Sheep.Wednesday Shorthorn and Beef Cattle, Harnessand Saddle Horses, Baby Show, Mare andColt, Pony Rings, Berkshire, Poland Chinaand Durock Hogs.Thursday $100 Harness Stake; Jersey Cattle, Jacksand Jennets, Saddle and Harness Rings.Friday 250 given in Mule Premiums, including $100Suckling Mule Show; Heavy HarnessHorses, Harness Mares, Harness Geldings,Pony Rings, Boy Rider, Walking Horse;$100 Saddle Special; Lady Driver, FancyTurnout, Combined Horses, Etc.Saturday Six Roadster Classes, including $100Sweepstakes; Combined Rings, Saddle andDraft Horses, Trotting Bred Colt, BabyShow, Rockaway and Model Horses, HeavyHarness Horses, Gentlemen Riders.Biggest Poultry and Pigeon Showof Any County Fair.Day and Night Attractions!Reduced Rates On All Railroads.Write For Catalogue.J. M. Hall, Pres. C. A. Webber, Sect.IBarton as Forester.Itjs'said that JE. Barton will bethe State Forester, unless some hitchoccurs in negotiations now going on.Ithas been learned that the State Boavof Forestry practically decided uponhis appointment, and he has been notified to come to Frankfort. He is nowin'the Government service in Idaho,while his family is living jnPrinceton.He is anxious to come to Kentucky inorder to be near his family.Who of Us Will See It?Easter Sunday for 1933 will come onMarch 23. In 1856 the day fell on thesame date in March and has not recurred since that time. ; After 1913 EasterSunday will not come as early as March23 until 2000.Bicycle Supplies.Fall line of bicycle supplies for allm sices of wheels. Let us fill yourorder.9tf J. ELVOVE.fosrton Fair Catalogues.The News has on hand a supply ofthe Bourbon Fair catalogues for thefixty-fifth annual exhibition, to beheld here Sept. 3-7, inclusive. -Thecatalogues are for distribution, andan bcjjhad by calling at this office.of IShowStock.to All ClassesOrphan's Brigrade To Hold Reunion.The twenty-nninth reunion, fifty-firstyear, of the Orphan Brigade, C. S. A.,will be held in Louisville.on September12. Members of the brigade rfom ninety-sixcounties in the State are expected to attend the reunion. Upon theirarrival they will pcrceed to the courthouse and register. From there theywill march in a body to the Jinterurbanstation where they will board charteredcars for Pewee Valley for a fcvisit tothe ConfederateJHome. Lunch will betaken at the Home as guests of theBoard of Trustees of the institution.Gen Bennett H. Young will be theprinciDal speaker at the Home. Hewill deliver the address of welcome.Thomas D.Osborne will respond. Judgel.iJLi. journetr, Mrs. lien Hardin Helmand daughters and Gen. Simon BolivarBuckner and wife will be among theguests of the brigade during the reunion. Flowers, Flowers.Flowers of every description thefinest specimens to be had can be furnished on short notice for funerals,parties, weddings, etc. Let me fillyour orders.23-2t JU VARDEN.fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.Mr. Lee Inkso and Miss Ruth Johnson, ot Millersburg, were granted amarriage license in this city ysterday.Miss Johnson is the attractive stepdaughter of Mr. James Fightmaster,and Mr. Inako is an employ of the firmot Miller & Best.RANSON-SMITH.The, marriage of Miss Mary Ransonand Mr. Rhodes Smith both offthis citywill be quietly celebrated tomorrowafternoon at 5 o'clock at the home ofMiss Fannie Ingles on Fifteenth street.The announcement of the engagementof the couple came as a surprise to themany friends of the popular couple.Tne bride-elect is a young lady of manybeautiful characteristics while Mr.Smith, who is a valued employe of theLouisville .and Nashville ralroad, is ayoung man of sterling worth.Mr. Jay Ranson. of Chicago, and Mr.and Mrs. Neely Ranson. of Augusta,Ga., are here to remain until after thewedding of their sister.School Opening.Paris Aademy, E. M. Costello'sSchool, will open Monday, September 2,for classification and organization.Number of pjpils limited.20-2tEver'Day a Feature.Every day of the Bourbon Fair,September 3-7, will have its specialfeatures. Every day will be a bigday A grand collection of the mostfamous blooded stock in Kentucky tocontest for the liberal premiums. Attractions both day and night.DEATHS.Mr. Beecham M. Lackey, agedforty jears, died at his home in Richmond from a stroke of apopplexy. Hewas a prominent business man of thatcity. I he deceased was a brother ofMiss Georgia Lackey, who ha3 frequently visited in this city.Week Day Excursions to NaturalBridge.Wednesday, August 28, Specialtrain leaves Paris at 10:00 a. m7, returning leaves Natural Bridge at 5:00o. m., $1.50 for the round triD.W. H. HARRIS, Agt.16-4t. J. K. SMITH, T. A.Read This Testimonial.Read what thi3 farmer has to sayabout our hog remedy :"This is to certify that I have usedLaughlin'B Hog Remedv for ten yearsand heartily recommend it as being thebest for choleia, and as a preventativeand tonic advise all farmers to use it."S. E. BEDFORD, Paris. Ky."Call at our office on Bank Row, andwe have hundreds of other testimonialsto show you.LAUGHL1N HOG REMEDY CO.Franklin Poolers Threaten Suit.Suit against the Burley Tobacco Society pool is threatened by Franklincounty growers, who are dissatisfiedwith the last distribution ot proceedsrfom the 1909 pool.A conference of a number of thegrowers was held, and they decided toemploy attorneys at once to file theproper suit to secure an accountingfrom the Bualey Society officialsA meeting of all thp seven nr eighthundred poolers of b'ranklin county hasbeen called for Saturday, August 31,to raise funds to prosecute the suit.School Opening.Mrs. Walker's private school willopen on Monday, September 9th.Number of nupils limited.20-6tParis May Get Natural Gas.The problem of having Paris supplied with natural as has been under discussion for several months, and a letter relative to the subject was receivedFriday from Capt." John Tonkin,general manager of the Wayne countycompany.It was stated in the letter that thecompany hoped to get tnejline piped tothis city this Jail, but unless it feltassured orcompleting the line in ampletime to supply the consumers sufficiently, in justice to all parties it wouldnot be attempted at this time,fltthejline could not be completedbefore very cold weather sets in theremiSht be a shortage which would discourage the people with their first experience. However, Capt. , Tonkingave the assurance that if tne attemptis not'sucnessful this fall the line willcrt tainly be completed later.Flowers, Flowers.Flowers of eveiy description thefinest specimens to be had can befurnished onrshort notice for funerals,parties, weddings, etc. Let mefillyour orders.23-2t JO VARDEN.Contract For North MiddletownChurch Let.The contract for the new Christianchurch at North Middletown, thiscounty, has been let to W. K. Hagan.of that place, who submiitted theplans for the new str ucture, whirhwhen complete, will cost in the neighborhood of 20, 000.: It will be one of the most convenient and up-to-date buildings for acoyntry church in the Blue Grass, andone which the community will beproud. It will be a brick veneeredbuilding, 93 bv 100 feet, with concretebasement and sub-basement. Theauditorium and gallery will seat about600 people. There will be forty seatsfor the choir and organ space and baptistry. 5 The basement will have a bibleschool assembly room, eight classrooms, ladie' parlor, officer' room,pators' study, toilet and dr-sSjngroom." The building will have a lighting plant, water system and will ceheated by two furnaces.It will be erected near the center nfthe lot and will front on College street.Therp will be a driveway on each sideof the building, both passing througha porte-cochpre. The contract callslor the completion of the buildincJuly 1 ,1913. "Have You SeenOpportunity" ComesEveryHourAssociated With Us at This Writing, andThere Will Be Many More, Are:FRANK TOLLE, JAMES PURDEN, Maysville Independent, Maysville, Ky.SWIFT CHAMP, Bourbon News, Paris, Ky.HARRY McCARTY, Jessamine Journal, Nicholasville, Ky.JOHN PULLIAM, D. W. HUTTON, Harrodsburg, Herald, Harrodsburg, Ky.W. O. McINTYRE, W. V. RICHARDSON, Danville Advocate, Danville, Ky.J. H. PICKELS, Kentucky Register, Richmond, Ky.COL. WOODSON MAY, R. L. BROWN, Somerset Journal, Somerset, Ky.SOMMERS BROS. & MARRIATT, The Elizabethtown News, Elizabethtown, Ky.H. C. CLAPPELL, Thousand Sticks, Middlesboro, Ky.LUCIEN BECKNER, CARL ROBBINS, The Sun Sentinel, Winchester, Ky.The Bourbon News:Please Send Me Copy of the AssociatedPublisher's Co. 's Prospectus Without Obligation to Me.WriteDOStrong Fight For Teddy to BeMade.The Fayette County Progressive Committee met in Lexintgon Saurday, andoragnized for the campaign by electingL. A. Rucno as chairman and B. F.Norfleet secretary and treasurer. ExPostmaster J. L. Earlvwine, of Pan,was recommended for chairman of theSu-venth District Congressional Committee, which will meet in LexingtonAug. oi ior organization.Col. R. C. Morgan. ex-Confederate,and brother-in-law of Gen. Basil Duke,-of Louisville, was indorsed as theProgressve candiidate for Congress inopposition to Congressman J. CampbellCantrill, and his name will be presentr M ? J.? 'of Stockholders?A GAIN we ask:7 Have youseen the list of stockholdersof TheAssociatedPublisher'sCompany?IF NOT, WHY NOT?If not, you should call at TheBourbon News and look it over.You will find a friend there whoknows us.Ask him what he knows.THEN investigate yourself.We will tell you this much inthis limited spaceThe Associated Puhlish-er'sCompany gives promiseof assuming tremendous proportions that should rival yesoutrival all other publishing companies, financially and educationally. WHY?That story is told in our- pros-pectus. , ,tYou will find it there. 1Any point not clear, ask aquestion.We have had questions askedall kinds many times.No matter their nature, noquestion embarrasses us.Our list of conservative stockholders of Kentucky all askedquestions.We answered them to theirsatisfaction.Evidence the list at The Bourbon News office.When the opportunity presentsitself AN OPPORTUNITY SUCH ASOURS to not only make a mostpromising investment, and at thesame time, enter your name onthe list in giving support -to anenterprise of tremendous educational value to the South andSouth-west, you would be negligent, inde.d, if you failed toinvestigate.You will. Won't You?We will not enter into financial details here.We recognize that our materialwelfare is the paramountfeaturein this life.We reserve the financial details for our prospectus to answer.This prospectus is yours for asking. Fill out either coupon below TO-DAY.The Associated Publisher's Co.,Please Send Me Copy of the AssociatedPublisher's Co. 's Prospectus Without Obligation to Me.Inquire Investigate jIt NOW!ed at the meeting of the District Committee, next Saturday, for final considearation. Provisions were made foropening headquarters with the view ofprosecuting an aggressive campaningfor Roosevelt and Johnson in Lexington and Fayette countv. Speechesenthusing the members of the committee were made bv Henry T. Duncan,Col. Thomas L. Walker, former Republican County Chairman Charles H.Breryman and Revenue Agent M. P.Rehorn, and much enthusiasm was injected into the movement.Protect your growing tobacco with Hail Insurance.THOMAS & WOODFORD.Our List ISel-xdom? ,OneLikeOurs !CINCINNATI. O.;IliRoxk" Davi$!Cm Insurance fljcniLife, Accident, HealtLiability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Pajing Companies,'GiveOftf'Wiib" a Call.2 Helios 1G7Ij'A-"- - .V-')'VfTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 27 1912.m BOURBON NEWS.CJ-jS0m9g2ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGInsure your tobacco withMcCIure & Clendenin. E.T. Phone 235. Home Phone72.Music By Renick Smith."That Viaduct Glide." and "On theShores ot Love," by Renick' Smith, onsale at'PariB Book Store. tlPublic Library Closed.Tha publi; library will be closed for jthe next two weeks while the librarian, Miss Celeste Lucas, is taking hervacation. 1Insure your Tobacco withTHOMAS & WOODFORD.Accepts Position in Paris.Mr. T. D. Connor, who has been theforeman of the Kentucky Telephoneand Telegraph Co., at Alt. Sterling forthe past two years, has accepted a position with the Bourbon Home Telephone Co., of this city,, and has assumed his duties. He will move his familyto Paris next week.Fine Box Candies.Whitman's celebrated box candiesreceived fresh by exress every tewdays. No candy superior to Whitemann'sfcan brought.23-2t VARDEN & SON.Big Poultry Show.The Bourbon Fair, September 3-7,will have the biggest ipoultry andpigeon show of any county fair.eInsure your Tobacco withTHOMAS & WOODFORD.The Carpet and Rag Store.We have one of the largest stocks ofcarpets and rugs in the State. No oldpatterns, all the latest syles to selectfrom. Call in and let us save youmoney.J. T. HINTON.Teachers' Examination.Prof. E. M. Const ello and Miss Mabel Robbins, County Superintendent ofs hocls, conducted the examination ofcolored teachers at the court houseFriday and Saturday." The followingtook exsimnation : Howard Buckner,North Middletown, for State certificate; Elisha Lewis, Louis Evans andSusie Barton for county certificates.School Supplies.School books, pens, pencils, copvbooks, ink, book satchels, and everything needed in the school room.27-2t PARIS BOOK CO.At Reduced Prices.To make room for new goods we areoffering hand-painted China and strctly hand-cut glass at greatly reduced.prices.27-2t FORD & CO.Bigger and Better.Bigger and better than ever theBourbon Fair Sept 3-7 inclusive.Every day will have its specialfeatures.Ruling as to Pensions.The Conefderate Pension Department has made a ruling that no veteran is entitled to a pension who haschildren to support him. A numberof aDplications have been reject9d onthitfaccount and a rigid examinationwill be made of all applications nowpending to ascertain whether the applicants are actually in need of assistance fromthe State.Private School Opening.Mrs. Sutherland's Private Schoolwiil open Monday, September 9th.Classification of new pupils on September 3rd and 4th. Number limited.2 U-6tSchool Books Cash.We are only agents for the AmericanBook Company and sell their goods ona small margin. So every one buyingwill be required to pay the cash. Don'task for credit on school books..' 27-2t PAR13 BOOK CO.TOBACCO INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againstfire and wind.JOE MITCHELL.Injured in Runaway.Friends of Mr. Robert M. Hopkins,of Covington, in this city, will regretto learn that he met with a painful accident recently. Mr. Hopkins was driving from Germantown to Maysvillewhen a shaft broke, frightening thehorse. whi:h ran away. Mr. Hopkinswas thrown againts a barbed wirefence, whith inflicted seveie injuries.His cries ft,r assistance attracted attention, and he was removed to a housenpnrhv. where his iriuries r chivedattention. Lattr he was removed tohis home in Covinttori. Mr. Hopkinsmarried Mi-s iva Colilns, of tnis city,and his little son is at present on avisit to his grandmother. Mrs. ThomaBHelm Caly, in this city.Harness, Etc., for the Fair. 2Come in and see our line ot buggvharness, whips, saddes, brushes, currycombs, etc., a full and complete line toselect from. ,27-2t LAVIN & CONNELL.New Fall Hoods.Larce consignments of -carpet, rugsand furniture of eveiy description arearriving dsiiv at our store. See us before you buy and let us save you3ney. nnx-ui.PERSONAL MENTION.- VMr. Geo. Clay is at Oil Springs fora short visit.Mrs. Wm. Kenney is viisting relatives in Nicholasville.Mrs. Bettie Brown, of this city, isvisiting friends in Eminence.Miss Nellie McClintock is visitingrelitivesa in Washington. D. C. IMr. Anna Thornton is the guest ofMi. T. J. Mackey, in Maysville.Mr. and Mrs. John Sauer are visiting relatives at Jeffreson City, Mo.Miss Josehine Havden has returned froma visit to friends in StanfordKy.Miss Emma Nita Morford, ofEvwig, is the guest oiui?s Mary Batterton. Dr. Martha Petree left Sundayfor a visit to friends and relatives atSt. Joseph, Mo.Mrs. Julia Houtson and Mrs. LenaHouston are at Martinsville, Ind.. fora ten-days' stav.Miss Lillian Collins, of Louisville,is the guest of Mrs. Thos. Helm-Clay,on Eightn street.Mrs. Henry Craig, of Georgetown,is visiting her2parents, Mr. .and Mrs.Joseph W. Davis.Mr." Robert Wilson, of Beattyville,is the guest of Mr. and Mrs. J. JVI.Patrick, in this city.Mrs. Lee Price attended the funeral of Mrs, Helen Baer Ashurst, iDGeorgetown Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. John Edgar.of Memphis, Tenn., are the guests ot Col. andMrs. George Edgar.Mr. Oscar Hinton. who has beenattending school at Ann Arbor Mich.,has returned home.Mesrss. W. H. Harris and W. W.Mitchell left Friday for a hshing trip Jto Georgian Bay, Canada.Mrs. Eldred Dudley has returnedto her home in Covington after a visittD Miss Wellington Davis.Missliilllian Stolworthv, of Cincinnati, is visiting her cousin, MissSallie Adair, in the county.Mr. Chas. Kennev is the guest ofhis uncle, Mr. George Nipperi, in Arlington Heights, Cincinnati.Misses Churchill Fullilove randAnnie Valandingham, ot Owenton,are guests of Mrs. J. C. McLear.Miss Lillian DeJarnett has reurned from a visit to.Danville friends,accompanied by Miss Margaret Price.Elder J. T. Sharrard went toFlemingsburg Friday where hepreached the funeral of Mr. Wm. Fant.Miss Gertrude Wyatt, of London,Ky., is the guest of Mr. and Mrs.George Waytt. at their home near thiscity.Mr. John Conneli and family aremovinc to the newresidence Xon Higgina avenue recently purchased bv Mr.Conneli.Miss Anna Conway, who has beenvisiting Mrs. J. W. Larkin. in thiscity, has returned to her home in Mil-1lersburg.Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Bond, of Louisville, are visiting Mr. and Mrs. W.C. Ferguson at their country home inthe county..Mrc T T Tomnlin anr enne T.an-1den and Edwards, aie visiting Mrs.Templin's daughter, Mrs. EdwardsFaulconer, at Cannel City, Ivy.Misses Martha and Louise Wyattleft Wednesday afternoon for an extended visit to relatives in -KansasCity, St. Louis, and Marshall, Mo.Mrs. George Schwartz left Sundayfor her home in Muskogee, Okia., afterspending the summer with her father,H. Margolen, on Hederson street.Mr. Brice Steele is again confinedto his bed wth appendicitis. It isthought that an operation will be necessary, as this is the second attack inthe past month.Miss Mayme SDears, Mr. ArthurHancock and Misses Holladay attendedthe card party given by Mrs. JamesStone Helm at the Country Club, nearLeixngton, Friday.Mr. Otis Bacon, formerly of thiscitv, now postmaster at Wichita Falls,Texas, is here for a brief visit to hisbrother, Mr. . W. A. Bacon, and sister, Miss Clara Bacon. Mr. Bacon isen route to Atlantic City.Miss Lucy Blythe Simms entertained the members of her sewing circleFriday,morning, at her home on Mt.Airy. Quantities of summer flowersadorned the rooms, nail and porch, anddelightful refreshments wreeserved.Mrs. Thornwell Tadlock entertained with a bridge party Thursday afternoon at her home on High street.The first prize, a cut glass .vase, waswen by jurs. Aicert ninton, and tneconsolation prize, a pretty hat pin, wasgiven to Mrs. Duncan Bell. Ices andcakes were served.Mrs. Rudolph Davis entertainedwith an elecant dinner part-- Friday athsr beautiful homo on Twelfth street.The guests for the occasion were Mrs.Davis' mother, Mrs. Elizabeth Howse,of Carlisle; Mrs. Carl Vaught, Parker,Ind. ; Mrs. Chas Johnson, Mis. Thos.Judy, Mrs. Oscar M. Johnson and MissEthel Johnson, all of Millersburg.Miss Marie Talbott, daughter ofMr. and Mr?. W. G. Talbott. entertin-j ed with a dancirg Daily Thursdayniiztit, at iut. t-euncn, tne fcieagiucountry home, near this city. Thelawn was lighted with a rnvriad of Japanese lanterns, ard twelve couples enjoyed the dancing in tne parlor and Jiving room. The charming young hostess received her guests in the parlor,and was becomingly gowned in pinkcrepe de chine combned with crepe meteor. Standing with Miss Tablott wereMiss Dorothy Mulcahy, of Versailles,wearing blue satin with steel trimmings Miss Ella Tevis, of Danville,in white crepe de chine, and Miss Mildred Lyle, in pink silk with red balltrimming. Another attractive visitorwas Miss Anna Wech Hoover, of Nicholasville, who is the guest of Miss Annftmbry. Refreshments were Berved theguests.Mrs. ArthurS. Liston, of Baltimore, Md., ii visiting her cousin, MrR. K.McCarney,'at the home of Mr.and Mrs. Brice Steele, on Pleasantstreet.Dr. Lonis Frank was a visitor inParis Sunday.Z Mr. C. Arnsarger is in Barboursville on businesss.Mrs. W. H. Harris is the guest ofrelativesjn Frankfort.Mrs. Amne'Prichard has returnedfrom Mt. Clemens, Mich.Mrs. Maria LyonsSwango Springs for twohas gone toweeks' stay.Mrs. Withers Davis is the guest ofher parents, Mr. and Mrs. E. S.Jouett.Miss Mary Kenney Webber is theguest of Miss Julia Lee Risque, inMidway,Mr. H. D. Collins, of Shannon.Mason county, is visiting relatives inthis city.Miss Lillian Alexander, of Cincinnati, is the guest of Mrs. Elsie Burns,in this city.Mrs Harry Booth has returnedfrom a visit to Miss Virginia Booth,in Lawrenceburg.Miss Jennie Miller has returnedfrom a visit to her sister, Mrs. GeorgeClayton, in Versailles.Miss Mollie Childs, of Lexington,is the'guest of her niece, Mrs. EddieSpears Hinton, in this city.Miss Hazel Cottingham returnedFriday from a visit to relatives inWinchester and Indianapolis, Ind.Dr. Richard Clark has returned toCincinnati, Ohio, after a visit to his !mother, Mrs. Kate Clark, in this city.BGrn, yesterday morning, at Huntington, W. Va., to the wife of Mr. J.T. Hinton, Jr., a daughtsr AlbertaMarguerite; first born.Mrs. Lunceford Talbott and MissLena Talbott will leave Monday forLos Angeles, Cal.. to visit Mrs. Tal-bott's son, Mr. Matt Talbott.Box Candies.Whitman's celebrated box candiesreoeived fresh by express every fewdays. No candy superior to Whitmanu's can be bought23-2t VARDEN & SON.At Cost.Ladies' and childrens Oxfor s atcost.12jly-tf. FELD'S SHOE STORE.ILOST.At Christian church or on the streets'of Paris, Sunday, a topaz breast pin.Suitable reward for return to thisoffice. 20-3tFancy Work.Ladies' crocheted ties and ruchingsfor sale byMRS. ELIZA AYRES,1302 Cypress St..32-2t Paris. Kv.WhileSummer'sHereW. Ed. Tucker IAll Summer Goods NowOn Sale at Greatly Reduced Prices. '.'..Mr. and Mrrs.B, Harry Muir andbabe, of Mobile. Ala., arrived yester-jday for a visit at the home of Mr. (waiKer iNeison, near mis city.Mr. and Mrs. Withers Davis andlittle daughter. Anne J&uett, visited !Mrs. Davis' parents, Mr. and Mrs. E.S. Jouett, in Winchester, Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. Earl Swearngen anddaughter, Eilizabeth. who have beenthe guests of Mr. and Mrs. W. G.Swearingen, at Chillacothe, 0., returned home Sunday.Mrs. Laura Estill Francis andniece, Miss Nannie Clay, of Bourboncouuty,yattended a dinner party at thehome of Col. and Mrs. Clf ton FergusonEstill, near Lexington, Saturday.Mrs. John Duvall and son, LyleDuvall, and Mrs. A. T. Crawford, "ofLouisville, arrived Sunday to be atthe bedaide of Mr. J. H. L'walt. whocontinues quite ill at his home onIngels avenue,with little hope of hi3recovery.Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Galtra andchildren and Mrs. Albert Miller, whohave been the guests of Mr. and Mrs.Geo. W. btuart, returned Sunday totheir home in Crawfordsville, Ind.The return trip was made in Mr. Galtra's touring cai in which the partycame to Paris.5F! it ix x xr '1VUU1VSI "tYIBj W l3m m'-an wmk-1i ,- mmmL-')T?& .1 &' WEBmrWj W. Ed Tucker j1 LL'3 L.V3nSPECIALSKODAKS $5 up.BROWNIECAMERAS,(Almost Kodaks)$1.00 to $12.00.Itann twin Rrnc!JUliUl IJUJLU IJIUU16 lbs. GranuiatedSugar $ 1 .OO8 boxes Searchlight Matches, (3 boxes 10c) 25c8 bars Lenox! Soap 25cRoyal Baking Powder, 25c size, this week only . . 20cStone's Silver Slice and Country Club Cakes.. 1 0-1 5c25 lb. sack Eldean Flour SOc12 lb. sack Eldean Flour 45cParowax, for sealing- 1 5cMason qt. Jars I .... , 55cMason pt. Jars 45cCFee's Grocery Co.The Cndy Wi h Class.Martha Washington Candy, 50 cents gm.per pound, good as any at twice the &price.27-4tBUTLER'S.Opp. Court House.MichaePs Band at Fsir.Michael's Celebrated Concert Bandwill be one of the features ot theBourbon County Fair, September 3-7.Miss Hammann, soloist, who delighted the crowds here last year will occupy a prominent place on the daily ,program. It tHand-Painted China. Ir Genuine hand painted plates at 25cents each.BUTLER'S27-4t. Opposite Court house.Paris Man Loses Position.Several changes in the State prisontook place at Frankfort Sturday whena number of guards were dismissedfrom service by the Prison Commission and new appDointments made.'Among the number was Mr. Geo M.Hill, of Paris, who has held a positionat the Frankfort institution for almostthree years.A Dining RoomI Special.I WHYA TRUSTDEPARTMENT?Realizing the advantages ofhaving a corporation to act asAdministrator of Estates, alsoin management of property asGuardian or Trustee,The Bourbon Bank andTrust Co.with a Capital Stock of $100,030and Earned Surplus of .?50 uOO,organized in 187, having had inthat time the experience necessary in conducting a Trust Company, Therefore,Bourbon Bank 4 Trust Co.,Paris, Ky.has a Trust Department andSolicits Your Business.I JSix Oak Dining Room Chairs,Genuine Leather SeatOne American Quartered DiningTable, 6 ft. Long When ExtendedOne American Quartered ChinaCabinet, Large and RoomyOne American Quartered Buffet5 ft. Wide Large Mirrorm?See Window For These PeicesJOHN T. HIINTOIN.jvfKJ-. ri f"4 'jV..$ ll-,4J,.yk-i vi! A.- r"I. f A, J" " " ArTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 27, 1912CMLu.ftJiHERE'STHEHOGBOURBON REMEDY CO.,Lexington, Ky.Enclosed find photo of hog: that was cured ofcholera with your Eourbon Hoe Cholera Remedy. This hog: was almost dead before using:the medicine, and then wa? entirely cured, except loss of ears, tail, etc. The hog- is owned byMr. Skiles Ewingr, of Bowling- Green, Ky. Hewill be clad to give you a testimonial, and wocan get several more if you want them.JENKINS-SUBLETT DRUG CO.,Bowling Green, Ky.Ask Your Druggist for It.For Sale dy W. T. Brooks.Almost Lost His Life.S. A. Stid, of Mason, Mich., willnever forget his terrible exposure to amerciless storm. "It gave me a dreadful cold," he writes, "that caused severe pains in my chest, so that it washard for me to breathe. A neighborgave me several dose5 of Dr. King'sNew Discovery which brought greatrelief. The doctor saidI was on theverge of pneumonia, but to continuewith trje Discovery. I did so and twobottles completely cured me." Useonly this quick, safe, reliable medicinefor coughs, colds or any throat or lungtrouble. Price 50c and 51.00. Trialbottle free. Guaranteed Dy Oberdorfer.EXCURSIONParis, Ky., toCincinnati, O.,And Return.i iSUNDAY, SEPTEIBER1, 1912,Fare $1.50 And Return.Excursion Train"' leaves 7thStreet Station Returning to Parisat 7 p. m.Tickets good only day ofsaIe.For further information, call on orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent.or J. K SMITH, T. A.DR. DOLLE'S II R CMESSAGE TO IYICYOU CAN BE CURED16NBYJ00l$&. in -mm cvtwzf VrSrtyli HDE. 0. L. DOLLE. S"Why Take Treatment That Is Doing TonKo Good, When a Few Days under the caref Dr. Dolle TVill Show You How Ea6y ItIs to Cure Thete Diseahee "When the ProperTreatment Is Administered.Have you treated for months and years, andbeen disappointed tmtil you think that you cannot be cured ? You, no doubt, all this time havebeen treated by inexperienced doctors v ho hadneither sufficient knowledge nor experience toknow how to cure you.These are the diseases of which I havecured so many, justly priving me the reputation for cures of which I am. so proud.Blood Diseases, Skin DiseasesI will give you treatment that will in a fewdays cure all "rash, spots and every sign andsymptom. My treatment gets the poison out ofthersystem instead of driving it in like ordinarytreatments. I cure blood diseases and skin disease so they cannot come back.Varicocele," causing aching or- pain in'groin or back, Nervousness, Weakness,Loss of Vitality, Lack of Ambition""" My one-treatment cure is what you shouldhave and what you will have to have to be curedright. Only one visit is required. I do no cutting and you sutler no pain nor trouble. Allsigns disappear in a few days.Nervous Troubles, Lost "VitalityMy combined treatment for these troubles socommon,among those who have become weak andwornout, who have caused it by folly, dissipationand excesses, is renmrkablv good. Ko one believeshow quickly it benefits until they have taken it.It overcomes weakness, rervousne-s. pain mback, lack of enenry, ambition and strength it'sjua the treatment I have found so elective intreating such diseases., Kidney and Bladder Troublesere scientifically cured by me. My methods immediately benefit you, and the majority of cases1 cure come from physicians and Epecialists whofailed.Pifp Pfctnljua I can cure you bofllCS, riiLUidC quickly and easilythat you will be surprised. I will give you justthe result and cure you are looking for without& surgical operation.Acute Difl3 Itching, Burningncuic LIiC15Ci strong drug storeremedies seldom cure. My treatment stops everysymptom and cures in a few days. It is scientificthat's the only sure way to be cured bo it willnot come back.Toa can take my Treatment without acent and pay me after I cure you. I knowthat I can give you new life, new hope, and canrestore you back to health and happiness. Iknow that every man will pay after I have elimiwited every trace of disease from his system.Microscopical and analytical urinalysis FREE.I have writeen a book that ought to be in thehand of every suffering man in this country. Iwill sead you a copy, free, if you will -write me atooe the disease for which you desire treatement,Moure, 9 to 4 : Sundays, 9 to 1 p. m. Evenings,T to 6. on Monday, Wednesday and Saturday jiifhtsC. L. DOLLE, M. D.Orer Columbia Theater 685 Walnut St, betweenFifth and Sixth Etrt.Oio eytonnd,a all that is necessary fe toALWAYS MASTER OF FINANCEHow John D. Rockefeller EstablishedHis Credit in the Early Days ofHis Career.Just because John D. Rockefellerhas made more money than he cancount without the aid of nineteenclerks and forty adding machines, notto mention a well trained oorps ofcoupon clippers, there are many peoplewho come forward these days withstories to show that John, now famousfor his wealth, wigs and wit, was onceabout the cutest person that ever happened when it came to financial strate-According to this latest narrative,Rockefeller told a close friend andthat "close" goes both ways onemorning that he wanted to borrow $5,000 and that he must have it in orderto save his business. The friend wentdown town in the course of his work,and pretty soon met a big banker."I wish," said the banker, "if yousee Mr. Rockefeller this afternoon,you would tell him that I have founda place to put that $10,000 which heasked me to loan out for him."The friend gasped like a goldfish,and proceeded on his way, encountering another of the town's leadingbankers."By the way," said the banker,"when you see Rockefeller this afternoon, please tell him that I have founda man who wants to borrow that $10,000." The friend staggered on, and met athird banker, who repeated what theother two captains of finance had said.Then he went back and found Rockefeller. "John," he said, in astonishment,"when I left you this morning you toldme you had to borrow $5,000, and allday bankers have been telling me thatyou asked them to lend out $10,000 foryou.""Well! well!" smiled Rockefeller,"that's fine! I suppose I may safelyassume now that my credit is established in this town. I'll just step outand borrow that $5,000 I need." Popular Magazine.OLD STRUCTURES IN DECAYCondition of Famous Leaning Towersin Italy Excite Apprehensionof Antiquarians."The Thirty and Nine;"Or, Why Stop With One ?By JOHN B. M'FERRAN, Chairman Educational Committee,Louisville Commercial ClubvReports have been current for sometime concerning the safety of theLeaning Tower of Pisa, and the Italian papers announce a similar stateof things with the Garisenda ofBologna and the Ghirlandina of Modena. The former dates from 1110,and the latter from 1224 to 1319. The ITower of Pisa, which is about 177 feet jin height, is 14 feet 6 inches beyond ,the perpendicular. It is accentuatedfrom the base, but diminishes halfway up and onward. The inclinationis said to be greater today than itwas in 1817. This has been markedin later years. But there are otherdisquieting signs. Some of the stonework of the windows is giving way,and the steps are said be cracking.The soil upn which l Pisa's Tower wasraised, a Paris contemporary pointsout, is "permeable and friable," and.subsoil water is believed to be penetrating beyond the inasonry. Architects and other experts are now engaged in a close observation. Theyfear that below the foundations thereare some considerable voids, and theyare of opinion that the inclination ofthe tower has increased since 1859.The commission appointed to dealwith the matter concludes that thereis no immediate danger, yet theremust be no delay in remedying matters. The Garisenda is about 161 feetfeet in height, with an inclination ofjust 14 feet. The Ghirlandina is saidto be the highest of the towers, being 331 feet. It is slightly inclined toward the Cathedral, which itself is ina feeble state.traveler . said.wax works exhibitionWhen We Meet Our Kind."Attendants in European museumslook to it that no American may escape meeting his compatriots," aAt Mme. Tussard'sthe custodian.let me wander around alone for anhour, puzzling helplessly over Britishroyalty, but when I got in the neighborhood of Harry Thaw he woke up.How he discovered then that I wasan American I do not know; I hadn'tsaid anything. But I coughed, andperhaps that betrayed me. Anyhow,'That's Harry Thaw,' said he."I thanked him and passed on. Atmy heels came the guide. He followed me to the staircase. 'Crippen'sdown stairs,' he said. Three stepsfurther along he hailed me again. 'AndGuiteau,' he announced."The trio of my fellow countrymenexcited no thrill of patriotic pride, butthe custodian had done his part."Why We Have No Paris.There can never be in the UnitedStates a real Paris of America untilwe shall get ranks and orders of nobility, and that will only be when ourrepublic shall develop into a grand imperial nation. Under a newly acquired emperor a titled class would follow as a matter of course, and the easiest way to get it would be to sell thetitles. Ten million dpllars would buya dukedom, $5,000,000 the title ofcount, and $1,000,U00 that of baron.In the beginning of old world nobilitytitles were granted by the sovereignfor eminent services, but when sucha system is started in a great countrylike ours the simplest way would be toestablish an aristocracy of wealth. .Until then our great metropolitancities will neyer be 'more than merecenters of business and capital. NeisOrleans Picayune. Vrr.OOECsTG- at oiir educational problems from a business standpoint, we have been turning too much to what is calledhigher education. I am myself a believer in higher education. I mean by that the universities, colleges and highschools and would not detract from their importance in the least, butthey are already liberally provided for fhr in advance of our commonschools.We are told by the United States bureau of education "that morethan two-thirds of our boys in the United States leave school beforethe end of the eighth grade;" "that the average length of a boy'sschooling is less than six years, and this school training before theages of twelve to fourteen years, while the boy is too young to appreciate his loss ;" "that less than one boy in four completes the grammargrades and but one boy in eight goes any further with his schooling ;""that only one boy in forty of those who enter the first year of highschool completes the course in high school, public or private, or goeshigher ;" "that of all boys twelve to fourteen years of age who shouldcertainly-be in school less than 60 per cent are there."From the Sage Foundation fund's reports we are told that of 100boys who enter the first grade only fifty-five enter the fifth grade, onlytwenty-seven are left in the eighth grade, six in the high school andone to enter college ; that only 5 per cent of the males in the nationare fitted by definite educational training for their occupations or vocations. These facts are given on high authority, and when we rememberthat they apply to the country at large and that Kentucky is probablybelow this average, is it not lamentable ? IF OISTLY ONE BOY IN"FOETY COMPLETES THE HIGH SCHOOL COURSE IS ITNOT VERY IMPORTANT FOR US TO GO MORE STRENUOUSLY AFTER THE OTHER "THIRTY AND NINE?"I think at present we, educators and all, are following the old trendof looking too exclusively toward the higher education. I think ourlegislative bodies have illustrated this when four years ago they madeit mandatory on every county in the state to build a high school withintwo years. There was little mandatory concerning the poor, smallschools scattered throughout the counties. These "thirty and nine"poor devils will have little chance to get within sight of a high schoolat all, but must plod along as best they may.It is true the same legislature allowed the fiscal court to levy atax of 20 cents on the $100 for school purposes in each county. It isalso true that many of the counties levying this tax have used itlargely in establishing a high school at the county seat or some othertown, which is unfair to these "thirty and nine" who do not get to thehigh school.I DO NOT WISH TO BE UNDERSTOOD AS OPPOSING HIGHSCHOOLS OR HIGHER EDUCATION I AM IN FAVOR OF BOTH TOTHE LIMIT BUT I AM COMPLAINING THAT ONLY ONE BOY INFORTY SHOULD HAVE THE LION'S SHARE OF THE FEAST INTENDED FOR ALL. 1 THINK THIS SHOWS CLEARLY THE NEEDOF JVIORE NK)NEY FOR OUR SCHOOLS, SO THAT ALL MAY HAVE AFAIR SHOW.There is, I think, another mistake that ought to be corrected asfar as possible, and that relates to the pay of teachers by location orwith reference to location. The cities and large towns and wealthierportions of the counties have the pick of the teachers because they payhigher salaries and the environment generally is more attractive.Thus the back districts in the counties (where there are generallymore children) are compelled to get along with the cheapest and poorest teachers. These teachers, as a rule, have the minimum salaries.Now, I hold that these "thirty and nine" out in the back districts forgood results need the best teachers or at least as good as the best.This condition can be met at once by the county boards supplementing the salaries of teachers in the poor districts out of the countyfunds. Such action would bring immediate relief. WETS "WAITONE YEAR OR TWO YEARS FOR LEGISLATIVE ACTIONWHEN THERE IS A TEMPORARY WAY OUT OF THE DIFFICULTY PENDING IMPROVEMENT IN LEGISLATION?Think of the unlift given to the citizens of another generation evenby a single term of schooling ! Isf it not little short of criminal to failto apply a remedy when it is within our power ?If we cannot get funds enough for both high schools and "low"schools, is it not better to use sufficient of the county fund in this waythan to put all or the b,ulk of it in a city or town high school whichthe "thirty and nine" can have but little hope to enter ? Would notthese "thirty and nine" by reason of their improved intelligencethrough these better teachers in time force the building of high schoolsfor all?POPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKYSUNDAY, Sept. I.d oRound' Trip75RoundTripSee iho Famous Hfeh Bridge BAND CDNCERT, High Bridge Park, (Popular Airs,)Tickets sold at GEORGETOWN rood only on Special Train leaving at 10.50 am.Foru(,Jnfrmatlon Ca!l 0n Any Ticket Agent, Cr Address.. n "' C' SNG, Passenger and Ticket Agent,10 E. Main St. , Phons 49 LEXINGTON, KY.nOHIPHIHaMHHiamfm?m?m?BifKJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!&MR K.VSM25TRE J9B ReOfflS OFTHEBtfRBNNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOG .POSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.tbe Bourbon mm,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application. 'fcWUiUWiUWiU'fi$ftf; weMuB x mater, ana any one cutLJi..navICurtis Henry & Co.,Groceries, Drygoods, Fresh and CuredMeats, Vegetables, Fruits, Etc.iIf it comes from Henry's it's all right,because they handle the best and freshestthe markets afford. Their store is clean, freefrom flies, and evrything is handled in asanitary way. When you deal with them youget polite attention and prompt delivery, noextra charge for either.Call either 'phone 442, and they will beglad to serve you. .LCUiSTIS HENRY , CO.Cor. 14th and MainJDepartment StoreCor. 7th and MainV &I'&$mK OtTO , $&UIf-1"RoiliM.TsTlrvWOK' jjoN-RsnBSPECIALPrice This WeekExtra FiiROYAL! CORSETAll SizesAll Lengths 98cCall in andExamine Them.PARIS,KENTUCKY.The LatestA. .Thins hiTStovesrFnr n midnight suDDer, as for any other meal at anyother time, the very latest thing in stovesthebestthat stove-artists can do is aNew ItereetiofiiIt Burns OilNo AshesIt Concentrates HeatNo WasteyIt is Handy, I No Dirtis Readyv No Delay1 wj fU f t4 II ffTTCIJlOil Cook-stoveIt concentrates the heal when you want itand where you want it It is as auick as gas,steadier and handler than' coal, cheaper thanelectricity. .The New Perfection Stove has jona, enameled,turquoise-blue chimneys. It is handsomely finishedin nickel, with cabinet top, drop shelves, towelracb, etc Made with 1 , 2 or 3 burners.AH dealers carry the New Perfection Stove,r- - i,nl- ifh wrv stove- Cook-tJook alsoriven to anyone tendine 5 cents to cover mailing cosUSTANDARD OIL COMPANY(Incorporated in Kentucky)Covingtoa, .. Loulsvaie, Ky.; Atlanta, Ga.; Birmingham, Ala.; and Jacksonville. Fla.Army styles ' new to' herConscientious Laundress Meant Well,but Her First, Efforts UtterlyFailed to Please.At the army post a new laundry hadbeen installed and the managementwas specially anxious to please andadvised that mending would be included in the work.The major was equally willing to hepleased and sent, among other things,a suit of duck as a first installment.The army officer's washable coatshave buttons, but these are not sewedon. Instead, small eyelets are workedin the coat and the shanks of the regulation buttons are pushed throughthese holes, being held in place bybrass rings on the other side. Beforebeing laundered these buttons andrings are removed, to be put in placeagain after the wash. When themajor's coat was returned from the'new laundry the eyelets had beencarfully sewed up and a bright brassbutton had been sewed firmly overeach. Also the seams of the major'sriding breeches, which open from justabove the knees to just below, to admit of adjustment over the knees, hadbeen sewed up so tightly that it tookthe major's wife hal;f a day to ripthem. The earnest and conscientiouslaundress thereupon received a courseof special instruction pertaining tothe requirements of the U. S. A.finIE LINEN 6,000 YEARS OLDFruits of the Looms of Ancient TimesHave Defied the Passing of theCenturies.Sweet Charity."Has it ever occurred to you thatthe more, money a man has the moredifficult it is for him to be charitable?When one is poor and has only a fewcents it is an easy matter to dividethe money with some poor devil whohas none."NOTICE.I have just secured a new barberfrom Chicago and am Drepared to givethe public first class service. Give mea call. Shop is equipped with electricfans to keep you cool. Three firstclass barbers. JVIy bath tubs are always"ready. aug2tf BUCK FREEMAN.KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."Hourly High Speed ThroughService.- -Eagle Not Always Brave.Eagles are generally believed to hvery courageous. That they are notalways as brave as is 'supposed isproved by the following anecdote: Anaturalist tells of a combat betweenten missel-thrushes and a white-tailed'eagle, in which the latter was thoroughly vanquished, and was discovered squatting down in a shed, wherehe had been driven in hope of refugefrom the angry birds.Jltmk LdnqbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.,Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtfEast Tenn. Phoe 69W ,6 BIG DAYS e 41ParisLexington FrankfortDivision.MBSSIBSBIBSBSSIBflBIHBSBflBlBIBflBflBflBflBlBSlBBflBHBSlBlnil ximm tepIn one of the apartments at University college, London, Professor Flinders Petrie has placed on exhibitionsome remarkably interesting antiquities unearthed at Tarkhan, Heliopohsand Memphis under the auspices ofthe British School of Archaeology inEgypt.The great cemetery of Tarkhan,which occupied a mile of desert 40miles south of Cairo and which datesfrom the earliest historic age until therace of the pyramid builders, hasproved to be exceedingly prolific inantiquities.What has struck Professor Petrie isthe extraordinary preservation of thewoodwork and clothing unearthed fromthese places of interment of longago.A great sheet of linen which isplaced on exhibition is as fresh andas firm as when -cut from the originallength and it is some 6,000 years old.So, likewise, with the woodwork,which, in but few instances, showssigns of decay. Here are boxes thatserve their purpose as funeral caskets,built of planks of acacia and shittimwood, and as firm and secure as whenlowered into the bosom of the earth indim antiquity.Milk Saved the Auto.A farmer named Richter, of Millwood, in Westchester county, N. Y.,sacrificed a load of milk the otherday to save a new touring car, inwhich two women were riding, frombeing destroyed by fire. The engineof the car began to spit flames. Finally it took fire. The occupants thenabandoned it for fear the gasolinetank might explode. Richter camedriving along with several cans ofmilk. With him was his eighteen-year-oldson. He alighted from thewagon, and seizing a ten-quart canfilled with milk threw the contentsover the flames. The floor of the carwas afire and burning briskly. Hesaw he would have to waste severalmore cans of milk to save the auto."Come, hand me those cans quickly,"he said to his son. He emptied themover the auto as fast as he could. Theflames were checked, but not untilnearly one hundred and fifty quartsof milk had been sacrificed. Theowner of the car asked him what themilk was worth. Richter fixed hisloss at seven dollars, but the ladygave him twenty-five dollars, saying,"You deserve all this, if not more."Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort eerv hour onthe hbur from G a. m. until 8 p. m..and at 10 p. m.. the last car going onlyas far as VersaillesCars leave Lexington for Versailles,Frankfort and Paris, every hour from6 a. m. until 7 p. m, and at 9 andll d.rn., the last car going only as far asVersailles.Cars leave Versailles 'for Lexingtonand Paris every 15 minutes after thehour from 6:15 a. m. until 8:15 p. m.and at 11 :15 p. m.. last car going onlyas far as Lexngton.Cars leave Versailles for Frankforteverv 45 minutes after the hour from6:45 a. ro. until 7:45 p. rn., and at 9:45p. m.Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington and Paris every thirty minutes after the hour from 6 :30 a. m.until 7:30 p. m., and 10:30 p . m., thelast car going only as far as Lexington. GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTON-NICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexington and Nicholasville every forty-fiveminutes after the honr from 5 :45 a. m.until 6:45 p. m., and at 8:05 and 10:05p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville every thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 p. m.,and at 9 and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville for Lexington every fifteen minutes'after the hourfrom 6:15 a. m. until 8:15"p.m. and at10 :15 p.?m.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetown every hour on the hour from 6a. m. until 7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p.m.No 6 a. m. cars on Sunday .17-tf....SEPTEMBER9, 10, 11, 12, IS, 14, 1912.AT THE.Kentucky State FairLIBERAL PREMIUMS OFFEREDDaily Races Free Attractions Clean MidwayLIBERATI'S BANDFarmer Boys School Encampment REDUCED RAILROAD RATESkFor Information, Entry Blanks, Catalogue, AddressJ. L. DENT, SECY.320 PAUL JONES BUILDING LOUISVILLE. KYltaSBK23vtt') . '.?.'Bourbon Laundry f$, DAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West S StreetBBBBBsWe Take Pleasure.in foing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelanndryline. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous for fine work and itdever goes bsck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeBourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky.IIIIIys.jjjjjjjitMj'QffSj&fegilfc ZLntS""How Hot Is Lava?To ascertain the temperature oflava as it is emitted from a volcanohas baffled many scientists. TheRoman academy has just publishedthe results of the investigations madeby Giovani Platania during the eruption of Etna last year.The eruption began September 10and the scientist was unable to appioach the mountain for ten days,when one crater was still in action.He camped as near as he could tothis crater, close to a stream of lavaflowing about a yard a second.Using the new "telescope pyrometer," he got temperatures for thesurface of the lava flow of all theway from 1,040 to 1,420 degrees.A second series of observations,taken at a distance of a dozen feet,gave figures as high as 1,500 degrees.The estimates are that the incandescent lava, as it comes directlyfrom tbe crater, has a temperaturenot less than 2,200 degrees.Unforeseen Complication.Jimpson, in London, had rung up awell known shop in Paris by telephone tp communicate an order onbehalf of Mrs. Jimpson. After waiting two hours for the connection tobe made, he entered the booth andbegan. Two minutes later he emerged. "Say, mister," said he to the attendant, "can't you put me on a wirethat'll translate what I have to say into French? I can't make that darnedjackass on the other end of the lineunderstand a word I say. Harper'sWeekly:' ' . t'IrjJ iFLANDERS0C3Q&.Automobile sfHiDo ModeCsnYou Want the Bestthe Cheapest- rkinders "20" Ro-dster, $750Don't be alarmed if somebody tells you you can buy sn automobilefor less money than t'e $750 Studebaker-Flanders "20." You can, butyou better not. The Flanders "20" corresponds point by point withthebest and highest priced cars sold. Cheaper cars at every vital point arebuilt on ideas long ago discarded for good cars. Don't take our word forit. Make comparisons and see.The Studebaker-Flanders "20" is a marvel a high grade modern carat a low price. If ycu pay less you buy much less. And the cheaper cartoday will cost you far mere in 'the long ran. The competing car isn'tsold which the Studetaker Corporation, the greatest automobile manufacturers in the world, couldn't reproduce for less money; but we won'tbuild a cheap car, because the name "Studebaker" means the best foryour money.If you are content with a car that runs today and dies tomorrow,don't buy the $750 Flanders "20." It will wear for years. Rememberthis the Studebaker-Flanders "20" Will outwear 2 to 1 any other carunder $1100 and give 3-ou double satisfaction, confidence and comfortinto the bargain.We can prcve it Send for new catalogueDetroit, Mich.Bourbon Garage & Supply Company.-(iMM3?Mm.-JdMlitj.&''k v' AJv.'?par- ,V--VV- . . rfvi -.5?JS)1.i ,1frTHE BOURBON NEWS; PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 27, 1912rat-iOV iIIhI vkI''nC fn,''"7rif!W4f'Ii lIf !i!t :?,t&iIGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAY137; NIGHT 399."Ce pome of Cornet Tootwtar' JDAN COHEN!iMiiiOn1 SummerAndI The Lasi FinalThe season for us is drawingfast to a close and the Large Shipments of Fall Footwear now arriving necessiates a quick clearanceof all Summer Footwear. Ourorders are to clear the shelves ofall Summer Goods. We will notcarry over any oxfords into nextseason.We haveit1 VaLm XxVM1IGet Here.TOMORROW,WednesdayWithout fail as these low priceswill cause great joy to those appreciating good Footwear andvalue of money.All Ladies' White Canvas and Nu -- BuckShoes and Pumps nowbelow Cost.Get yours while wehave the size.DAN COHEN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky.ii m n It AudiCutAllShoesOxfords.markeddown every shoein the house toprices that mustsell them quick.INot a PairEscaped.miIOrphans Defeat Paris.In the game at Alt. Sterling yesterday Paais was defeated by a score of7 to 3.FRIDAY.In a listless game at White Park Friday afternoon Paris was defecated byLexington bv a score of 10 to 4. Hauser, who was on the mound for Paris,was very ineffective, 'and the visitorsconnected with hiscurves for fourteenclean hits. &While Turner was hit foreleven he managed to keep them sufficiently scattered to be of little benefit.SATURDAY.Paris and Mt. Sterling met Saturday, resulting in a victoryfor the Bourbonites by a score of 9 to 5.The visitors could do but little withDunlap, who held them to five hits,two of which came in the laRt inning.The locals drove Funk from the moundin the second inning, and he was succeeded bv Knight. Shook featuredwith the bat, getting three hits out offour trips to the plate, two doubles anda single.SUNDAY.-The masterly pitching of Friedleywas too much for Paris Sunday afternoon, and the Orphans took the finalgame of the series by score of 3 to 1.Perkins, a recruit, was sent to themound and started the game, but befoie the side had deen retired he wasrelieved by Hauser. The visitors tookadvantage of every opportunty andsewed ud the contest in the fiist inning. The locals fielded a perfectgame but could not connect with Friedley Their onlv run was the result ofpass and two errors.Attend Bourbon Fair.Attend the Bouroon Fair, Sept. 3-7.inclusive. Bigger and better thanever. A premium list unexcelled byany fair fn the State of Kentucky.Plenty of attractions both day andnight. Michaels' celebrated concertband. 2z,-3tCut Glass.All the latest cuts and designs.Rea-sonable in price.BUTLER'S.27-4t. Opposite Court House.Subscriptions to Repair Roads.An enthusiastic meeting was heldat Sharpsburg last week for the purpose ofidevising ways and means forreparing the Maysville and Mt. Sterling unpike from that city south toHinkston bridge, a distance of , aboutthree miles. About Si, 800 was raisedby subscription and about fifteen farmers have promised their wagons,teams and hands for ten days' work onthe road. It is to be sjperintendedby citizens who are not to charge fortheir services.Wanted.To buy a second-hand Corn Hi s'cerslso a power Fodder Cutter with Blow,erjattachment. Call New Phone 2014,or writeB. C. WHEAT,27-2t Paris. Kv.Tuberculosis Commission Organized.The State Tuberculosis Commissionmet Friday afternoon with Gov. McCreary, who was unanimously electedPresident, and Mrs. Desha " Breckinridge Vice President. The CapitalTrust Company was chosen as Treasurer of the fund.fbut no Secretary waselected. The Secretary will be incharge of the commission's headquarters in the Capitol, and it was deemedaavisaoie to aerer action ror tne present. By-laws were adopted. Thework of the commission will be donethrough committees, of which fivewere named Executive, Finance.Publication, Legslation and Extension. .The by-laws provide for bimonthly meetings.Colt Stake Opening Day.The colt stake will be the teatureof the opening day of the BourbonFair, September 3-7, and is expectedto bring out a large number of entries.Go to B uck's.For a nice bath, haircut or shavego to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclasf barbers. 13 tfBeyond the Touch of Time.A man never becomes too old tothrow out his chest as he passes alocking-glass. Atohison Globe.Notice.All customers not having settledtheir July accounts are respectvullyrequested to call and do so at once,Kespectfullv,6-tf MISS JESSIE BROWN!NOTICE.City taxes for the year1912 are now in my handsfor collection at my office atthe Deposit Bank.C. K. THOMAS,26-tf City Collector.FOR SALE.Dix Cutting Box No. 2, in good condition. Will sell cheap.16-Ct D. W. PEED.Violin Class.I have organized a class in violin andhave several open periods for new pupils. Lessons given at Paris PublicSchool Building and at my home onPleasant street.MISS GOLDIE SALOSHIN,23-4t E. T. Phone 296.LOST.fOn Maysville Dike, between Redmon pike and Paris, a package containing embroidered cells:.' done inblack and cuff. Finder return to (hisMILLERSBURG ITEMS.Miss Mary Taylor entetamed at"500" Saturday night.Miss Eva Mason left Saturday for avisit to relatives in Maysville.Miss Grace Harris, of Beattyville, isthe guest of Mrs. W. G. Dailey.Miss Amy Richardson, of Lexington,is the guest of relatives here.Mrs. 0. P. Carter and children, ofParis, are guests of Mrs. G. W. Leer.Mr. E. H. Marr, of Macon, Ga., isvisiting his sister, Mrs. W. D. McIn tyre.Mr. andMrs. Aaron McConnell haveretruned home after a two-weeks' tripto Ohio.Miss Edna Mitchell has accepted aposition with the Cumberland Telephone Co.Misses Frances and Matlev Shannon, of Louisville, are guests offriends here.4Misses Blanche Downing, of NorthMiddletown, spent Friday with MissBessie Howard.3 Miss Eula Thomas, ofrived Monday night asMrs. Mattie Hawes.Wilmore. arthe guest ofMrs. O. M. Johnson and daughter,Miss Ethel, spent Friday with relatives at Cynthiana.Mr. and Mrs. Russell Powell and little son, Harold.are visiting friends andrelatives at Cvnthiana.Mr. and Mrs. Tom Prather returnedhome Saturday night aftr spending ayear in Los Angeles, Cala.Mr. H. G. Willham, of Perry ville,was the guest from Saturday to Monday of Miss Ruth Stirman.Mr. and Mrs. VV. S. Judv and Mr.and Mrs. J. B. Cray left Saturday fora weeks' sojourn at Swango Springs.Misses Laura Smith and Jessie Abbott, of Paris.and Miss O'Lee, of Lexington, are guests of Mrs. Mack Jones.MissJJessie Kerr, who nas been theguest of her father, Mr. E. H. Kerr,has returned to her home at Maysville.Mr. and Mrs. Geo. Jones have returnedahome after a two-weeks' trip toWa&hington City, New York and othereastern points.Misses Florence Vimont and AmyRichardson and Mrs. T. M. Vimontspent Thursday with Mrs. Lizzie Parfish, at uynthiana.Mrs. E. C. Hawkins and son have returned from a two-months' visit in theWest, Mr. Hawkins having stopped inMissouri tor a week.Mrs. Atkm and daughter, of Lexington, Mr. Alex Hawes and MissMarjorie bale, of Chicago, arrived Saturday aa the guests of Mrs. MattieHawes.Among those who attended the Ewmg Fair Saturday were Mr. and Mrs.rREDUCED RATESLEXINGTONAugust 31During the Running Races greatly reduced rates on allrailroads will be in effect from all points to Lexington and return.A splendid opportunity is, therefore, afforded you to see the sportof kings; and at the same time to inspect the greatest and best assortment of Fall stocks of merchandise ever seen in Central Kentucky. . Come to The Great RetailCenter of KentuckyYou just ought to see the splendid display of goods nowcarried in these stores. And the best part of it is the value youreceive for your money. On the same trip you can see races,never better than this fall, to thrill you through and through. This,you can do for just a little more than one fare for the round-trip.A great big opportunity, isn't it? Then don't miss itCome Every Day Come Any DayDuring The RacesAugust 31v.J as. Howard , and family, Mr. AlexMiller, Mr. and Mrs. 0. M. Johnson,Mr. Raymond Taylor, Miss Nettie Was-on,-Mr.Raymond Booth, and Mr. andMrs. Letton Vimont.Mr. and .Mrs. Lawrence Thorne werecalled toShawhan Thursday on accouDtof the serious illness of her grandafther. Mr. Snodgrass.Mrs. T. R. Best and daughter, MissNannie Louise, have returned homeafter a two-months'! visit to Cincinnati, O.. and Lake Chautauqua. NewYork.Representative in Paris.Thomas Y. Witherspoon, Jr., of Cincinnati, 0.,reDresenting the AssociatedPublishers Company, arrived in ParisSaturday to interest the leading business men and merchants of this community in the company.The Associated Pulishers' Companyis a combination of the leading newspapers in the county seats of Kentucky, who will issue a monthly magazine supplement with their papers.The company will embrace otherStates, and gives excellent promise ofbecoming one of the leading publishing concerns in the country. "Numer-! ous representative citzens of this community have already become financiallyinterested in the entemrise, and asonly a limited number of shares ofthe company can be sold in Bourboncounty, the length of Mr. Witherspoon's stay in Paris is problematical.School Per Capita $4.05.The schoul per capita to be Daid bythe State of Boubion county for theensueing year will be $4.05; Fayette54.01: Clark 54.03; Jassemine 4.02and Woodford 54 04'The difference in the per capita iscaused bv the difference in wthe dogtax collected in each county and thedifference in the amount on interestdue on bonds to the various counties,heretofore issued Ito the counties orschool money due to them.Narrowly Dscaped SeriousInjury.A peculiar accident to an automobiletire which occurred yesterday afternoon caused Jconsiderable excitementon Main street and endangered the lifeof Miss Mayme Neal, bookkeeper inthe department store of Mr. "HarrySimon?The automobile of Mr. Sidney G.Clay was being driven down the streetand at a point in front of J. T. Hinton's store one of the rear tres blewout. The force of the escaping air dislodged the rim of the wheel, hurlingit on the pavement with great forceand striking Miss Neal, who was passing. The iron lira tore her 'dress skirt inseveral places but she escaped without injury, which is regarded as miraculoufl. Had the car been on ahigher elevation the accident wouldprobably havehad a "serious result.TOTOSeptember 14Pony Show.The Pony show at the Bcutbon Fairon the opening day promises to bringtogether a class of ghow ponies neverbefore seen in a show ring. Attendtne Bourbon Fair on the opening dayand every other day SeDt. 3-7.FOUND.Child's gold bracelet. Owner canget same at this office by proving property and paying charges.LOST.A ladies' short gravcoat with velvetcollar, was lest on Monday night between Lisleville and the North Middletown Dike, Finder will please leaveat News Office. 20-3t.Suburban Home Tor Sale.We have for sale a small improvedplace on the Interurban line, just outside the limits of Paris. The propertycontains about two acres, has anabundance of all kinds of fruit, largegarden, pasture and never failingwater.Improvements consist of five roomhouse, pantry, presses, concreted cellar, etc., stable, servants cabin, andother outbuildings. House and stablelighted with electricity.This property has been listed with usfor quick sale and can be bought at theright price.McCLUKrJ& UliUINlJUiNiiN,(14aug4t-pd) Real Estate Agents.THE FAIR!Great Values FridaySewing Machine Oil, ' highgrade oil, guaranteed not togum, 10c size, special at 5 centsa bottle.Buggy Whips, special purchase,all high grade, whips, be sure youget one, regular 1,00 whips at50c; regular 75c whips at 50c;regular 50c whips at 25c.Fancy Decorated Ice CreamSaucers 2 for 5c. Only 12 soldto any one customer.Bird Cages, 69c and up.Straw Cuffs, a pair, 5c.After dinner Cups and saucrs6 cups, 6saucers, and 6 plates!all for 60.THE PAIR.irSeptember 149JwMHB20-2JyJ.WfAFiav.1: . &:,J- -V, .v- f(3HM- Xr' 5VvW-vA3 -vIjjfoffice for reward.