THEBOURBONNEWSPUBLISHED EVEBY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN' THE YEAR"1VOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MARCH 5, 1912SPRINGSUITSJUST RECEIVEDIn AiS the Favored FabricStyle and ColoringExceptional Values.The Simon Department Store,i5,000 HOTEL PLANNED7" ' "un'ed and Jound SuiltvOf Selling the Most GoodsFor the" Least Money.vtMovement On Foot to Form aCompany to Establish a Modern Hostelry Here.WE KNOW MOW "LOCAL CAPITAL IN PROJECTFive Story Structure to Be Built !If Plans Now Under WayMaterialize.16 lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.002 cans good Corn 15cGood Bulk Coffee, per lb 1 -3cOld Reliable Coffee, per lb 30c2 1-2 lb can Asparagus 20cFull qt. can Karo Syrup 1 OcNew Orleans Molasses, per gal. .... v 45cS bars Lenox Soap 25cLarge" size Mackerel 1vO or 3 for 25c - -Medium size Mackerel 5 c3 boxes Matches 1 Qc tBLUE RIBBON PLOUR25-B3 Sack 70c5G-Sb Sack v. $ t .401 OO-Ib Sack $2.75Now, you cannot say that Paris is a high town ongrocers, for everybody is coming to Paris to trade atLenihan's Cash Grocery. They get the same goods forless money.T. C. LENIHAN,Cash Grocery.MrBoth Phones 234(I11 the plans now on foot materializeParis will soon have a first class up ,todate hotel, for there is a movement tobuild a five story hotel in this city ata cost estimated at $65,000, and whichis calculated to fill a long felt want.The movement was inauguratedseveral months ago when a number ofChicago parties secured an option onthe property of Mr. George Rassenfoss at the corner of Main and Seventhstreets for this purpose but the optionhas since expired and upon the requestfor a renewalMr. Rassenfoss declined.It is the purpose to capitalize theconcern locally and if the plans areworkedout in a manner satisfactory tothose who have taken the initiativesteps there will be nothing to hinderthe establishment of a modernhostelry.Mr, Rassenfoss conceived the ideathat if foreign capital could put ahotel upon a substantial footing itwould not be beyond the power oflocal capital to accompilsh the featand Saturday the plan as suggestedto sevreal prominent men and seemedto meet with the general approval ofall who have heretofore displayed anyinterest in a project of this character.The plan, it is understood, is tobuild a hotel upon the property of Mr,Rasiienfoss at the cornel cf "alb andSeventh and the adjoining property ofMrs. Mnllip. Roche. The two niecesfronting 66 feet eight inches on Mainstreet and running back a depth of 110feet. The two property owners havesignified their willingness to take theentire valuation of their property,which is estimated at $8,000, in stockin the new concern. Others interestedin the project who have been appruach?ed on the subject have agreed to subscribe amounts that will bring thetotal to 528,000. Another citizen ofParis, who several times has expressed a willingness to subscribe theamount of $10,000, is counted upon forthat amount.At present it would seem that morethan half the required amount necessary to build and equip a hotel haspractically been subscribed and it isconfidently believed that- the' remainder will be forthcoming when themovement is launcneu in earnest:, itis the purpose to erect a five storybuilding 66x110 feet and incorporatethe new concern. The structure willcontain seventy-five rooms and on thefirst floor will be two store rooms, eachwith a front of 20 feet, while in thecenter will be left an equal amount ofspace for a hotel lobby.The scarcity of store rooms in thiscity insures a ready market for theseof the new building at a handsomerental. If the plan goes through thehotel will be equipped in every modernparticular, and in the confident beliefof those whu are urging the movement, will be a big paying investment.The matter was discussed veryfavorably yesterday and in all probability within the next tew days acampaign will be started for subscriptions to furnish the necessary amountrnquired for the construction andequipment of the building.Tobacco Cotton.Tobacco cotton of all kinds at allkinds of prices. See us before buying.5 4t RUMMANS & ELLIS.We Are Now Offering SpecialonWiOvrcoatsandSuits, -; Come in and SeeDr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesThey Are the Proper Kind For Spring.Mitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to MenParis9 Kentucky.. -Ai. i -A "si -V lS4 rsie-r-mWmWmwmwiAn Early ShipmentOPSpring Hats and CapsFORMEN AND BOYSH We Are Showing All Latest Shapes and Colors-11F1A Beautiful Line of Shirts at 1m c;Or.1.S1.50mm Come In and Let Us Take Your Measure for500 Samples on Displaymminmrc r. ? ; Athioioc mI w w - gJg... .,...v.i.tf ji!ra..4Suffers Painful Accident.Mr. Frank Bury, formerly of thiscity, met with a painful accident athis home near Centerville a few daysaero while ringing a hog. He wasstruck on the bridge of the nose bythe hog's tooth, resulting in a profusehemorrhage and a distortion of the nasal organ.Special Feature at the Comet.Clio &nd Phyletes. a special Itailanfeature picture in two reels, will beshown at the Comet Theatre this afternoon and tonight. This is the firsttime this wonderful picture has beenshown in Kentucky, and in connectionwith one other high class comedy cicture it will be the most interestingshow ever given at the Comet for theRmnll nrlmissinn of ten rents. The firaiperformance in the afternoon will startpromptly at 2 o'clock, and at night at7 o'clock. JNo one should miss seeingthis performance, over 700 people anai rn i I : - i iJ.UU iiuratB ueiuK requireu in uaprauut:Public Sales.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney made thefollowing sales at the court house dooyesterday: For Special CommissionerChas. A. McMillan, the John Connorfarm on the Winchester and Paris pikeabout eight miles from Paris, containing about 16 acres, to Jonas Weil fo.$2,050.The John Arkle property on Secondstreet for Dundon, Talbott & Whitleyattorneys to Ur. H. E. Mathers fo$2,660.Eight acre farm on Houston creeljust outside city limits for Judge Deniundon, agent, for Ed Johnson t.George Wilder for $200 per acre.At the same time and place he rented for Miller Ward, truBtee for Mcltvre heirs, farm of 14a acres - in Fnvette cuunty to W. O. Butler at $3.31per acre. ,iiiiiiiiiiii wmmmwmwwmmmmnimmmmiimininiur-inARK dc CThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.m iNow ShowingNewest Spring StylesIns5ill 11 . AB. "Ladies' and Misses'Suits, Dresses andCoats.Come in and Take a Look.SpecialSILK SKIRTS, - $1.98Black, White and ABI Colors.'axSPECIALTobacco Cotton -.at Lowest Prices. rFrank & Co.Paris, - - KentuckyniiinimiiniiniirniimiiiKMiui1I- It1.ir-3.r$fs?& vrv fJP tt- ssrrxr vtv 5 i -itv.,THE BOURBON NEWS. PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 5, 1912IF YOU HAVE A SICKLYYOUNGSTER TRY THIS FREEThe family with young childrenthat is r;thout sickness in the housenow and then is rare, and so it is important that the head of the houseshould know what to do in the littleemergencies that arise. A child twitha serious ailment needs a doctor, it istrue, but in the majority of instances,SS any doctor knows, the child suffersfrom some intestinal trouble, usuallyconstipation.There is no sense in giving it a pillor a remedy containing an opiate, noris flushing of the bowels to be alwaysrecommended. Rather give it a smalldose of a mild, gentle laxative toniclike Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin,which, by cleaning out the bowels andw tiniirnnn4 D.WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.BourbosParis? Kentucky.l-iooaricla,The Fastest Son of Allerton 2:09Sired by Allerton 2:09X, the world's leading sire of standard performers;dam. Katharina (great brood mare), by Alcyone 2:27; second dam KatieJackson; byAlmont 33. & Holder of world's pacing record, 1 miles, 3:15X.TERMS: $50 TO INSURE A LIVING FOAL.Peter Billiken (3) 2:1 1-4Son of Peter The Great 2:07leading sire of futurity winners, dam Baron Lassie, by Baron Wilkes 2:18.Winnerjof 6-heat race against aged horses.Terms: $50 to Insure a Living Foal.(2) 2.1Sire of Black Wig 2:07 l. Remorseful..Nedra W. 2:14, Renapion of Europe) Durgee$25 To InsureTom nVdEstoIs.The'celebrated James E. Clay jack, will make the season at Maplehurst StockFarm.TomMack is the best breeder of mutes that euer stood in the county.$12 to Insure a Living Foal.W. A. BACOfN, Paris, Ky.One of the Many PopuSaShapes That We Are ShowingA moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our prestenjiandsonie display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase' here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Hot and ColdBAT MS'Hot and cold baths,everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on the&rade. No Idhg waits. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.strengthening the little stomach muscles, will immediately correct the trouble. This is not alone our opinion butthat of Mrs. N. H. Mead of Freeport,Kan., whose granddaughter has beentaking it successfully and of Mrs. J.R. Whiting of Lena, Wis., who givesit to her children and takes it herself.It is sold in fifty cent and one dollarbottles at every drug store, but if youwant to test it in your family beforeyou buy it send your address to Dr.Caldwell and he will forward a trialbottle free of charge.Address him Dr. W. B. Caldwell,402 Caldwell building, Monticello,111.i niinnrv vvOffice Opp. Postoffice,A P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Laundry,2:022:08, Dorcas H. 2:081, Betsy G.a Livinsr Foal.NOTMiry E. Griffith's Exor. - - Plaintiffvs. NoticeHer Legatees, etc. DefendantsAll persons having claims againstthe estate of Mary E. Griffith, deceased, are hereby notified and directed topresent them, proven as is required bylaw to the undersigned Special Commissioner, at his la office in the cityof Paris, Ky.. on or before the firstday of March, 1912; and that theundersigned will be at the abovenamed office from this "date until thefirst day of xMarch, 1912 to receive saidclaims.c. a. McMillan,Special Commissoiner Bourbon CircuitCourt.J J. WXILTAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW..Room 1 Elks Building.V XI T- !YV 111. lYCIiliGV,S 'PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones . T( Home 136.ResidenceE. T. 334.Home 334.DR. A. U KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices,Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyBright Light in Calamity.Times of general calamity and confusion have ever been productive ofthe greatest minds. The purest oreis produced from the hottest furnace,and the brightest thunderbolt is elicited from the darkest storm.- Lacon.rucunty winner iyuH), JtJessie JtJrown 2:12m,Wise 2:15, Sheeney 2:15, Wig Wag 2:16, (cham2:19, and twenty-three others in 2:30 list.ICETHE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .$2. 00 -Six Months. .1.00Payable in AdvanceEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.as mail matter of the second classADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices, in .blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.Tbe right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter oifered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.Trust's Diabolical Schemes.The woolen trust, having found thatbayonets would n:t compel its $6,, $7and S8 a week workers to call off theirBtrike, is now utilizing the hunger oflittle children as a club to force theparents to return to work at a reducedwage. Hereis how the trust is working its new scheme:Many charitable organizations in cities adjacent to Lawrence, where thestrike is in progress, after reading ofthe desperate straits to which the strikers' children had been reduced, madearrangements to have hundreds ofthese children cared for injfprivatehomes outside of Lawrence until thestrike'ended. Under this plan, manychildren were sent away, some to -NewYork and Boston, and some as faraway as Philadelphia.With the knowledge that their children were being cared for tenderly, themothers and fathers back in Lawrencegained courage to carry on the fight.Freed from hearing their own childrencrying for bread the strikers took renewed hope.What happened? The trust magnates,realizing that if all the little childrenwere sent away from Lawrence thestrikers could longer endure tha struggle, at once issued orders to the servilepolice and militia commanders to puta stop to the deportation of children.They knew that where bayonets, persecution, unlawfulimprisonment, andall other ordinary weapons of big corporations in fighting the unions mightfail, there remained one thing whichthe strikers could not resist, and thatwas the cry of their own children forfood. These millionaires "knew thatwhere strong men and women couldnot long bear to see their childrensuffer.Accordingly there was issued anedict against sending the children awaywhere they could obtain food. Immediately a squad of state soldiers wassent to each railroad station, and whenthe strikers arrived with their children many of them were seized andthrown into jail. Diabolical as thismay seem it actually is being done,not in Russia, but right here in theseUnited States.The woolen trust is the most highlyprotected of all trusts. It makes millions of dollars annually in profits onstock Khafc is watered until it ia soggy,and it is the same trust which refusessteadfastly to listen to the plea of itsmen for a conference to talk overwage differences.Query : Since the protectionists declared that Schedule K, which places aheavy tax on every article of woolenclothing sold in the United States, wapassed "solely" to "protect" theworkers in the woolen industry, andsince these workers are receivingabsolutely no protection whatever,why should the American people longertolerate Schedule K.For Law and Order.fccricKen Pugilist Hi, police, stop'tins sparring match; it's going to degenerate into a prize fight! Punch.Found Threaded Needle inChild's Body.A most peculiar thing happened to!tne httle twin boy of Mr. and Mrs.Anmaa P. aJames Carr, neai. Salvida, Last Fridaynignt. Mrs. uarr nad dressed the little fellow for bed, and set him in thebed while she got his twin sisfer readyfor bed also, says the Harrodsburg tieraid. All through the night the boywas fretful and.moaned in his sleep.Next morning when dressing him Mrs.Carr noticed a long white thread hanging, as she supposed, to his clothing.On attempting to remove tb- string,the littlefellow screamed, and uponinvestigation it was found that thethread was attached to a largv sewingneedle that had penetratedt tre boy'sflesh at the thigh leaving jus encughof the needle projecting to et hold ofit to draw it out. The needle hmd evidently been in the child's flesh forsome time, as it had turned black, ashad also the flesh around where theneedle was sticking. The little fellowis now geting along nicelyGrowing Rice on Florida Farm.Mr. G. W. Judy, formerly of Bourbon county, who has a farm located inManitee county, Florida, is growingrice at a great profit upon his estate.In a communication to the Tampa,Fla., Times the manager of Mr. Judy'sfarm says :"I have just read tin article in yourpaper relative to growing rice in Florida as a paying crop. I wish to say Ihave just finished harvesting a crop ofseventy acres of rice of which youhave had a sample, grown by G. W.Judy, of Tampa, on his farm at Parrish, Fla., Judy's thousand acre farm.This crop of rice was planted on "heavymuck soil, lands which were formerlyplanted in tomatoes, the producting ofwhich was very satisfactory. Alterfinishing tomatoes, and the rainy season being near at hand we sowed ourrice broadcast over the fields andeovered lightly with disk harrows,using one and one-halfy bushels ofseed per acre, planting between thedates July 10 and 20."Rice planted earlier than July 5will, in all nrobabilitv ha attacked hvbirds, which are sometimes very disastrous to a rice crop. We haveharvested from this crop forty-fivebushels of rice and two tons of strawper acre ; and in addition to this 'weare-pastuiing on this land hogs, cattleand horses. This field having a secondgrowth of rice, will support nicely 100head of hogs and 100 head of cattleand horses, from October until February, at which time this land will beplanted in sprinir crops, such as tomatoes, cucumbers, etc. The stack willthan be turned back to the highalndpasture and fed from the straw stacksolf this crop."We figure the protfis recieved fromthe pasturage alone will reimburse theexpanse growing and harvesting thiscrop of rice. We find that growingrice on new muck lands is a greatbenefit in building up the land andmaking it much eaiser to cultivateeach year. Where the land is "turfy"and comparatively no soil, growing onecrop'of rice will thoroughly decay alldry vegetation, leaving the soil in anice compact and mellow condition,and by following spring crops with ricewe are thoroughly convinced the mucklands will be more productive" eachyear."Mr. Judy believes rice to be one ofthe most protfiahle crops that can begrown in Florida, and anohter year, heintends to have his farm equipped withfacilities for . cleaning the rice andbailing the straw. Rice straw whenproperly cured, is one of the mostvaluablesforages that can be produced. By feeding rice straw stuck canbe kept in fine condition on one halfthe grain used when being fed ontimothy hay. I believe it will only bea short time before rice will be one ofthe most staple crops grown in thisstatp, and would like to see everylocality growing morer ice and installing mills for cleaning the grain asFlorida rice will be superior to any onthe market.Small Boy as Conservationist.- A lecturer before a suburban woman's club raised his voice with emphatic confidence. "I venture to assert," he said, "that there isn't onein this audience who realizes the importance of the conserving of our forests, not one who has ever done anything to prevent the destruction of ourforests." A small boy who had accompanied his mother to the lectureinterrupted in a high, childish voice."I once shot a woodpecker," he said.Live Australian Freaks.A calf, somewhat of a freak of nature, was horn on T. G. "Ware's farmat Little Akaroa, Australia, recently.It has five legs, the extra one working in a socket in the breastbone. Thecalf is thriving, and is strong andhealthy. Another freak, a lamb, is reported to have been born at PlatPoint Station. It has three ears andeight legs. It did not live.Pioneer Tobacco Growers.The original planters of fine tobaccoin Honduras were Cubans, whobrought their seed and methods of curing, and- with favorable soil, climate,and labor conditions were successful,their tobacco taking first prize in several international exhibitions; quantities were exported to Cuba and soldas Habana tobacco. These plantershecame well to do and retired.has helped countlessthousands of thin, weak,delicate children made 1them strong, plumpand robust.It creates an appetite,aids digestion, fills theveins with rich redblood,After illness or lossof weight from anycause, it brings strengthand flesh quicker thananything else.ALL DRUGGISTS11-16gwerii.ma.waMraTq3ogi.i n nun i ! iTTTWiMMMaeoMMdmmMM ImWhy Women Are Bfoi. RICMeMan is a millionaire many times over in the possession of blood cells. Woe-i r Kn.. ncnvrn tVint the normal mnn hns fiv. i-" i .an is not quite so ricn,iur buicuusu u.lion-the woman only four and a half million to a cuoic millimetre oidiooq. .A decrease in number of red blood corpuscles and a person looks pale iafact, is anaemic, the blood docs not get the right food and probably the stomach isdisordered. , . ,Dr. R. Y. Pierce found years co t.:at a glyceric cn.raci of gciccn seal arid,Oregon grape roots, queen's root and bloodrcot with black cherrybark, would he!pthe assimilation cf the food in the stomach, correct liver ills and in Nature's ownj. u. j-iiviiix, iiiocj. diseases hava run so long that there is no cnance to De curea.Dr. Pierce's Medical Adviser, 31 stamps, to pay for wrapping and mailing only.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH 'PHONES DAT 131; NIGHT 299.91 Whynot you joincustomers and burnNow is the time to try a load.. Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.East Tenn.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bour-bon County Exchanges at -Paris, Miliersburg, North Mid diet own, Little7 Rock anRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedNOTICETOBUTCHERS AND FARMERS!Market Price I am Paying For jHides:Bcef Hides, 10 1-4 to 11 1-2Cents per lb.8th Street, PARI5, KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 3745bManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtfEast Tenn. Phoe 669LOWEY & TALBOTTALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME- .way increase tne rcu uxuuu -v- w"-1-" -"-m" uncalled Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery. By assimilating the food eaten the system is nourished and the bloodtakes on a rich red color. Nervousness 3 only " the cry"r,rthe rAnrvad nerves for food' and when the nerves arcsfed on rich red blood the person looses tht)se irritable feelings, sleeps well at night and is refreshed in the morning."I was attacked -with a3avcre nervous dkcase.which was caused-bya disordered stcniach and liver." writes Mr. J as. D. Lively , of Washburn, Tenn., Route 2, Box 33. All -iy i riend3 thought I would die andthe best physicians gave me up. I was advised to try Dr. P'erce jGolden Medical Discovery, and derived much benefit from same. Jlycase had run so lonpr, it had become so chronic that nothing would effecta permanent cure, but Dr. Pierce's medicine has done much for me andI highly recommend it. I heartily advise its use as a spring tonic, andTi,vo- "iKnc- nponlf? tn talcs Dr. Pierce's medicine3 before theirthe great army olTelephone Co.NEW- BARBfR- SHOP!Modern Equipment.4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.Everything Sanitarv.Children's Work a Specialty.Joe. G. MitchellAgainst Fire, Tornado andLighting. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies. Phone 162 .Agent.will not be yours unless youhave a parlor stove as artisticas it is serviceable. Have alook at the stoves in this hardware ' store. They are brightand attractive and really betterheat makers than the ugliestold stove you ever saw. Prettiness costs nothing either.riam-stoves cannot .be bought.cheaper. ! .JTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 5, 1912It Made ADifferenceA lousy lien is always a poor layer.Make the by-products of the dairycountCorn will make -hens fat but it willnot make them lay eggs.The better bred the horse is, themore generally useful he is.For fall feeding of dairy cattle sweetcorn is exceedingly valuable.cThe separator needs to be3set perfectly level on a solid foundation.The feed bill of the poultry yardcan be cut in two if you know .how.Continued care in handling thedairy products is the price of success.The value of silage as the cheapestand best succulent for cattle and hogsis fully established.Regularity in feeding and milkingwill go a long ways towards makingdairy work successful.All milk utensils shouid be heavily tinned and as free from seams asit is possible to get them.Many of the irregularities in thehealth of the farm stock can betraced to injudicious feeding.Wooden pails readily absorb milkparticles, making it almost impossibleto keep them sweet and clean.The hatching-egg trade and theraising of stick for breeders have assumed the dignity of specialties.It is to the poultryman's interestto keep his stock up to the best type,healthy and vigorous all the time.A cold rain, fall or spring rain, willcheck the milk flow -as much as asnow storm if the cows are exposed.It will be noticed that though theprices of other farm stock are fallingoff, the dairy cow still holds her own.In hot weather lice breed in pigeonhouses by the million and extra caremust be taken to keep down the vermin. tRats in a pigeon house not only destroy the young but their presencefrightens the birds so that they willnot thrive.If one has a large flock of sheepmuch time will be saved and betterresults obtained by the use of themachine clippers.Sheep are extremely nervous andwhen being fattened for market theymust be quiet and free from suddenalarm which will cause excitement.Pigeons hatched in March are matured and ready for breeding in Julyand if the surroundings are congenialwill continue to breed every monththereafter.A- yfiupg girl who raises about 100White Plymouth Rocks, always bringsevery bird in the flock flying to herfeet by a single particular cry .;heutters.It is as impossible to estimate theproductiveness and value of a cow asit is to guess the exact number ofbushels of corn a certain field willyield.While sheep will eat grain and anykind of grass and some kinds ofweeds, they are, after all, dainty feeders and their feed must be absolutelyclean.There are several signs that indicate good health a bright red comb,activity, readiness for food, and aglossy and smooth appearance of thefeathers.French pigeon fanciers feed mliletwith a slight mixture of hemp seed,and also very small peas soaked inwater. The feeding is done by handin many cases.The Massachusetts experiment station says that lime is an aid to goodfarming but cannot take the place otfertilizers,' stable manure, thoroughcultivation and proper crop rotation.A small flock of sheep in additionto furnishing excellent profit andkeeping down weeds, furnishes themost practical meat supply for thefarmer, especially during the summer.Every colt should be taught a fastwalking gait This can be done bygently pushing him while walkingbut he should never be urged toolong at a time before changing hisgaitIf we feed and care for sheep weare fattening as they -should be caredfor to make the most profit from thismutton, we also supply the very bestconditions to produce the best woolin the combing class.To the up-to-date and 'progressivedairyman and to the most advancedcattle feeders, the use of the silo andthe feeding of ensilage is recognizedas being necessary to the greatest success in their respective lines of business. The farmer ought to be able to produce eggs at a feed cost of abouteight cents a dozen. To do this hemust keep the hens which will makethe best showing, instead .of a lot or.mongrels of no breeding and withoutlaying capacity. - . ' ."Here!" burst out the young mansuspiciously after his sister had knocked at his door the sixth time to askif there wasn't something she coulddo to help him get ready for the 'partyto which he was going. "What's thematter, anyhow, Em? Do you thinkI'm so decrepit that I'm not able anylonger to attire myself or is it that youlove me so you can't keep away fromme?""I think you're horrid and rude,"said , th'e young man's sister, openingthe door and entering. "Of course I'mfond of you, Jimmy. Fonder than yourealize. I always have your best interests at heart ""Is it a touch"?" he asked surprisedly. "So soon after the holidays, too?""Jimmy," said his sister, seating herself and shaking her head at him sorrowfully, "you haven't a bit of sentiment or any of the .finer emotions',have you? I don't want a thing! Ijust wanted to talk to you. Why don'tyou get married?"The young man laid down theclothes brush "iie was using and, leaning toward her, stared. "Don't youfeel wTell?" he asked with solicitude,in his voice."Do you think you are funny?" sheasked, indignantly."Mostly," said the young man, goingon with his brushing, "a fellow's mother and sister throw spasms if he suggests matrimony for himself and thewhole family has hysterics, so I don'tunderstand you.""I'd just love. to see you married,Jimmy," his sister declared, eagerly."Honestly! Nothing would please memore than to have you pick out theright sort of girl and. settle down inyour own comfortable little home.Think how nice it would be for meto have a sister and what fun she andI could have together and how gladI would be for you ""Would you really feel that4 way,sis?" the young man asked, with interest. "I hadn't any idea I thoughtyou'd cut up a terrible row if I didsuch a thing!""That's all you know about me,Jimmy," his sister insisted, sweetly."You don't appreciate the depth ofmy affection in the least! Why, Iwould be a selfish, horrid creature ifI didn't want you to be happy! Ican't imagine why you should havegot such an idea in your head! Andyou're such an all around fine boy,too, that you deserve a mighty finegirl, let me tell you!""I am astonished," declared theyoung man, seriously. "All these revelations are overwhelming. Particularly after the years of sisterly lectures on which I have been broughtup! I thank you!""Oh, be mean if you want to," saidhis sister. "Only I hope you'll be onyour best behavior the next two weeksbecause I have a guest coming. Ofcourse, I don't expect you to give upyour engagements to help me out,but if you could :find time to be a little nice to Har.riet I'd be obliged.You've heard me talk of her tall anda raving beauty and the family hasheaps of money and she refused amillionaire the year she r'T see it all," said the young woman's brother. "You want me to fallin love with Harriet and 'marry her!""Now, Jimmy!" protested his sister. "How. absurd of you! Asthough I didn't think you could manage your own affairs without myhelp! You'll be perfectly crazy abouther completion and sheis the sweetest but I wouldn't have you think,not for the worlds, that I had anynotion like that in mind. I was justspeaking in the abstract Just in ageneral way. You are such a suspicious person!""I see," said her brother, searchingout his dress muffler. "It is merelythat you feel it is time for me tomarry and settle down and you haveno ulterior motives you'd be perfectly happy if you could be sure thatI was happy is that it?" -"Of course," said his sister. "I'msurprised that you could think anything else. Harriet certainly has away with her. And they have I don'tknow how many automobiles and aplace on Long Island and she'd bethe loveliest sort of a girl to have inthe fam ""You don't know how relieved Iam,'"' interrupted the young man,reaching up for nis silk hat box, "tofind you have such warm heartedsympathy and so much interest in myfuture.- It makes it easier to tellyou that I've just got engaged toUarion Brooks- the one we went toschool with!" . ."James Henry Ward!" gasped hissister, as she fumbled for her handkerchief. "That girl! That insignificant, poor as poverty, ordinary girl,when and I don't see why you wantto get married, anyhow aren't youperfectly comfortable here at home?Men are such idiots!"Discrepancy Somewhere;Aviators are popularly suppcsed-tobe men of iron nerve and perfect physical condition. Yet the ' great Vedrines was rejected for military service on account of physical shortcomings and a special arrangement has Ihad to be made by which his servicesas an aviator might be utilized during the French, maneuvers. . .Here's News-Big Mews for Every -Singles Soon to be, in ParisThe home, your home, for some time has needed nev things.Perhaps for many months "a home of their own" has been the thoughtof many a newly married coupleoWhy have you wasted? Why cferay your home needed comforts- r yourselvesa needed home?You need wait no longer. Bring the home's wants the home wants to thisstore. The goods the prices the easy payments wilS bring, in pleasing, satisfying reality, all that your home needs.Come in then let us fill the wants comyletely to-day, won't you?V TTTr-MoosierExtensionTables !$4.25A solid Oak ExtensionTable, square top, 5 Begs,6 feet long, $4.50.Also a round PedestalTable; solid QuarteredOak, 40-inch top, justcut, highly polished, for$14.75.ooooo$OotKitchen Cabinet.$25.00You see with the doorsof your Kitchen Cabinetopen you have' a complete labatory in front ofyou. All necessary equipments for the preparingof food is at the tips ofof your fingers.o&toCookStoves.$10.75 upWe are showing the largest line of Cook Stovesand Ranges in Paris, andat prices on Cook Stoves$10.75, Ranges $2500and up.A. F. Wheeler Furniture Company, rMain Street, Paris, Ky,CH AS. GREEN, Mgr.Opp. Court HouseThe Men Who Succeedas heads of large enterprises are menof greatx energy. Success today demands health. To ail is to fail. It'sutter folly for a man to endure a weakrun down, half alive condition whenElectric Bitters will pnt him right onhis feet in short order. "Four bottlesdid me more real good than any othermedicine T ever took,'' writes Chas.B. Allen, Sylvania,Ga. "After yearsof suffering with rheumatism, livertrouble, stomach disorders, and deranged kidneys, I am again, thanksto Electric Bitters, sound and well."Try them. 50c at Oberdorfer's.Horse Pedometers.The whorls of hair on the coats ofhorses and other animals are naturalpedometers, inasmuch as they register the locomotive activities of theanimals on whose bodies they arefound.The best examples and the greatestnumber of these hairy whorls andcrests are found on the domestichorse. A notable instance is thegraceful feathering that-extends alongthe hollow of the flank, dividing thetrunk of the animal from the hindquarters. There are also crests andwhorls on the horse's chest and otherparts of its body.A study of the action ofHhe underlying muscles explains the origin ofthese peculiarities in the lay of thehair and furnishes the justification forcalling.them pedometers, although theanalogy is, of course, merely super-fical.What We Never Forgetaccording to science, are the thingsassociated with our early home life,such as Bucklen's Arnica Salve, thatmother or grandmother used to cureour burns, boils, scalds, sores, skineruptions, cuts, sprains or bruises.Forty years of cures prove its merit.Unrivaled for piles, corns or cold sores.Only 25c at Oberdorfer's.Many Driven From Home.Ever year m Tmany parts of thecountry thousands are driven fromtheir homes by coughs and lung diseases. Friends and business are leftbehind for other climates, but this iscostly and not always sure. A betterway the way of multitudes is tou se Dr. King's "New Discovery andcure yourself at. home. Stay rightthere with your friends and take thissafe medicine. Throat and lung troubles find quick relief and health returns. Its help in coughs, coldSigrip,,croup.whooping cough and sore lungs,make it a positive blessing. 5Ge an&Sl. Trial bottle free. Guaranteed,by Oberdorfer.Smoke Nuisance."Mother, what is a smoke nuisance?Your father."Uncle Ezra SaysIt don't take more'n a gijl uv effortto git folks into a peck of trouble,"and a little neglect of constipation,biliousness, indigestion or other liverderangement will do,tliesame. If ailing take Dr. King's "New Life Pillsfor quick results Easy, safe, sure,and only 15c .at Oberdorfer 'srftAre You a WomanfTAKEf1RDMJThe Woman9STonicSTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 5, 1912sSecond in Winnings.Cateaby Woodfcrd,who is training hisstring at Charleston, is now second i-nthe list of money winning owners during the meeting he having won instakes and purses $4,520. The list isheaded by H. G. Bedwell, who has annexed 9,970.Banana Skin Law in Brazil.During a Southwark Inquest, in-which it was suggested that an oldman had slipped on a banana skin, ajuror said he had been in Brazil, andhara if a Tioliceman saw a nersonthrow a banana or orange skin on the ! of the carsmailwav that terson was at once arrested and fined or sent to prison.London Daily Graphic.Narrow Escap e f rom Wre ck."NoFthbundpassenger train No. 38,due in this city Saturday afternon at3 :25 o'clock, from fcKnoxville, jumpejdthe track near Livingston, Rockcastlecounty, and by almost a miracle thepassengers and train crew were savedfrom death. The train was running ata rate of about forty-five miles anhaur, and from some unknown causethe engine jumped the track and ranbefore it could be stopped. The locomotive was brought to a stop at theedge of a steep cliff, overlookingRockcastle River. Fortunately noneleft the track. Had the.. j engine turned over it would have rundown the ( cliff ,a distance of severalhundred fee and would have draggedthe entire train with it. The trainwas delayed adout two hours.RAILROAD GETS SET-BACKDEATHS.Committee of North MiddletownCitizens Encounter SeriousObstacle Here.WAY NOW SEEMS BLOCKEDBest Form of Prayer."When the hearts of men and -wom-enare filled with heavenly love, apower -which makes for righteousnessconstantly emanates from them.Those "who pray withe their lives offer the most effective prajrer, eventhough they do not utter a v'ord.rChauncey Giles.Woman's Age.Women are never old as long asthey retain their curiosity and theirfinquisitiveness. When a "woman haslogt her interest in gossip and scandalehe is already dead. W. L. Courtney.' A Cure for Hog Cholera.If your hogs are sick come in andget Laughlin's Cholera Cure, and Tcurethem. The best farmers in Bourboncounty will tell you it cures. For saleonly byCHAS. E. BUTLER & CO.,Druggists.20 tf Opp. Court House. Paris.Prominent Woman Suffers BurnsAt Richmond Mrs. John Greenleaf,while attempting to put some coal onthe fire her dress was ignited by theflames and she was dangerously burned. A colored man, hearing her screamran to her assistance and succeeded inextinguishing the flames, but not untilshe was terribly burned from the waistdown. She was the mother of MissVan Grenleaf, who is well-known inthis city, where she has 'frequentlyvisited.Some Farmers Place Valuationon Their Property That HasDiscouraged Enthusiasts.THEEmbroideryand St ampinThe undersigned is preparedto do all kinds of Fancy Embroidery Work and Stampingof the latest patterns. Workguaranteed and satisfactiongiven in regard to prices.The public trade is respectfully solicited.Itliss Cfda B- Duerson,Main Street, bet. 5th and 6tfnOn Friday NextSee our new line of WallPapers, new patterns for Spring.Heavy Galvanized 3-gallon sloppails, with tight fitting covers,special 39c.St. Patrick's Day Paper Napkins and Postal Cards, appropriate designs. 1Steel Gray Tea Kettles, No. 8size, each 44c.Wax Gas Tapers, a box 4c.Knives and Forks per set 35c.Basting Spoons, 10c quality at5c.Pudding Pans, 10c grade, Gc.35c Lunch Baskets, now 25c.Heavy Brooms 30c.Umbrellas each 29c.THEFAIRiJ. H. JOSSELSON.We have gotten in our complete line of Spring goods,which is the best we have ever had, and can convince thecustomers that they will get more for their money herethan elsewhere. I handle three of the best brands ofShoes in America Peters' Diamond brandShoes, (the largest makers in the world), SelzRoyal Blue, Reed's Cushion Sole Shoe.And every pair of Shoes are guaranteed by the manufacturers. The styles will suit everybody, as they are certainly beauties.We also handle a complete line L. & R. Clothing,Stetson Hats, and all other good brands of goods thatbe mentioned here.us a call and you will be convinced that we arefriends.tIcannot beGiveyour frie:j.LM. Josselson,717 Main Street, Paris, Ky.ISPECIALS:iFOR THIS WEEK:Kellogg's Toasted Corn Flakes, 10c grade, per box.. .5cNice Fresh F;gs, per lb 8cFancy Florida Oranges, per doz '. 25cGood Quality Brooms 35cGood Hearth Brooms 15cBest Quality Hard-Wood Clothes Baskets, large 50cCod Fish, per lb 1 5cBest Grade Dried Herring : 1 ScMackerel, large size, 3 for 25cSteel Cut Monibak Coffee, 3 lbs $1.00Best grade Cara-Van Coffee, per lb 30cOld Reliable Coffee, per lb 30cWe have all grades of the National Biscuit Co. 's Goods.Purity, Red Cross and "Lexington Slaid" Flour.Fresh MeatsHome-killed Meats, guaranteed; Shipped Meats, under government inspection take your choice.Morning Glory brand Hams and Breakfastbacon, thebest on the market, sliced thick or thin, without cost.!!!SPECIAL NOTICE!!!We will duplicate Anybody's Prices,and Vour Credit is Good for 30 Days.GIVE US A TRIAL ORDERA. W. COTTINGHAM,The Up -Town Grocer, South Main St.Both Telephones No. 7Xs:s:2SDiscouraged rover the obstacle encountered at the very beginning whenthe committee sought to secure theoptions un the right of way from' thiscity to North Middletown, the citizensof that community now regard thesuccess of the venture to acquireoptions along the proposed route, forthe new railroad as problematical, butas yet have not given up hopes.The success of r.ha venture dependslargely upon the results at this ,end ofthe line, and while there is little doubtthe options could be obtained if moneywas available, still they claim the deamnds made for the right throughfarms at the beginning has beenjboosted sky high and was a source of greatdisappointment to the Middletownpeople.A committee composed of Messrs.John T. Collins. C. C. Clark, Chas.Mens, E. 8 K. Thomas, Ed Rice andother prominent citizens of that community, was in the city Saturday andwaited upon Mayor J. T. Hinton, oneparty through whose farm the surveyfor the line extends. The purpose ofthe committee was to secure an optionon about ten acres of land for the proposed route. The committee was verymuch discouraged over the attitude ofMayor Hinton and the valuation he setupon his property.The decision of Mayor Hinton theysay is calculated to influence a largenumber of property owners along theprpoosed route who have signifiedtheir willingness to put their propertyin at a cost in a reasonable measure ascompared with that of Mayor Hinton,and with the decision of Saturdaycomes the opinion that if all the landowners along the proposed line demandthe same figures it will be beyond thepower of the citizens of North Middletown tc furnish the right of way.Mr. L. P. Bell, of the engineeringdepartment of the Louisville and Nashville was present at the meeting butleft town shortly afterwards. He isexpected to return in a few days. Mr.Bell has about finished the work fromNorth Middletown to Hedges Stationand has so far signed up 33 pieces ofproperty, 16 of which were given freeand the remaining at a nominal cost,which will reach in the aggregate asum of about $7,200. The results obtained were highly satisfactory to Mr.Bell and the committee from NorthMiddletown.It is the opinion of the NorthMiddletown people that the land owners'along the route from this cityshould be equally as reasonable in proportion and in view of this the right ofway could be closed. The optionstaken, and which expire June 1, provide that in event the railroad company exercises the right of purchaseit will construct lawful fences on eachside of the right of way, and has beenliberal in all concessions to the property owners.Between Paris and North Middletown there are twenty-four pieces ofproperty, thirteen of which belong toprosperous farmers, two belong tomen in moderate circumstances andthe remainder to colored people. Thecitizens of North Middletown are veryhopeful of enlisting the co-operationof the ouisness men of this city, andfigure that Paris will be more greatlybenefited by the new road than anyother community.There has been no movement on thepart of the citizens of this city so faras to assist the North Middletownpeople in securing the right-of-way.but it is hoped that since the committee selected to secure options on property from this city local interest willrevive and all assistance possibledered them.A telegram received Friday byMr. James McClure announced thedeath of Mr. William A. Osborn, whodied at Atlanta, Ga., at the age of 84years. Mr. Osborne was formerly ofBourbon county, and for a number ofyears being engaged in the pursuit ofagriculture, residing on his farm onthe Bethlehem pike which was sold toMr. Joseph Stivers.After disposing of his tarm Mr.Osborne moved to Paris where he wasengaged in the agricultural implementbusiness beine associated with Mr. W.H. Wainvvright, and was located inthe building in che rear of the courthouse which is now occupied by Mr.Chas. W. Heck as a carriage shop.Later Mr. Osborne was identifiedwith the poultry business and in thiswas associated with Mr. A. O. Gilman. During the panic in the earlyseventies the firm of Osborn & Wain-wright failed. The latter member ofthe firm moved to Texas, while Mr.Osborne, with his family located inAtalnta, where he has Eince resided.Although he was twice married Mr.Osborne died a widower. His firstwife was a daughter of the late Thos.Jones, of this city. She was the mother of three children, all of whom survive, one daughter, who is married,residing in Washington, D. C, whilethe second daughter, Miss PaulineOsborne and one son, Mr. George T.Osborne, resided in Atalnta with theirfather.Mr. Osborne was a writer of considerable not e and contributed manyarticles to the Atlanta papers, mos" ofthem being upon religious subjects andupon some phase of Kentucky interest.He was a member of the MethGdistchurch, and while a resident of thiscity was very active in church work.Upon moving to Atlanta he transferred his membership to the FirstMethodist church of that city.While here on a visit about fouryears ago, the guest of Mr. James McClure, he made all of his funeral arrangements, and stated that he. desiredto be buried in this city. He selectedhis pall-bearers,and of the nine chosenthree of the number have since died.They werp the late K. J. Neely, JohnN. Davis and Chas. Penn.The remains arrived here Sundaymorning on the 5:20 Louisvlle & Nashville train and were taken to the undertaking establishment of Mr. Geo.W. Davis. The funeral services wereconducted at the grave in the Pariscemetery Sunday afternoon at 2:30o'clock conducted by Rev. J. S. Simmsof the Methodist church. The bodywas intered in the family lot besidethe mother of his children. The pallbearers were Messrs. Nathan Bayless,Sr., R. B. Hutchcraft, Wm. H. McMillan, George R Bell, Henry A.Power and James McClure.Iren-Fretwell Chosen as CommanderAt a meeting of the ConfederateVeterans of Bourbon county held inthe court house yesterday morningSquire L. J. Fretwell was unanimously selected as commander of the Bourbon county veterans to fill the vacancyoccasioned by the death of Judge Russell Mann. At the meeting resolutionswere adopted requesting each veteranin the county to furnish hi3 full nameaDd the command in which he servedduring the war. This is done J for thepurpose of preparing a rostre of thesurviving members that fought for theSouthland, and who reside in bourboncounty. It is requested that the namesb e forwarded to Squire Fretwell. Themeeting yesterday was attended byabout a dozen of the veterans andproved to be one of great interest.Puzzling Problem in Seventh.Considerable discussion is being indulged in by the politicians of thebeventn district as to the effectpassage of the Congressionaldistricting bill will have upon themary election which was calledMarch lb, and against whichthea re-Fay-straining order was issued in theette County Court Saturday.Under the bill, which has alreadypassed the Senate, and which, will nodoubt pass the House, the counties otLee. Estill, Powell and Clark are placed in this district, and as the bill hasan emergency clause these countieswill be part of the district when theprimary is held if the bill passes.The question which is puzzling thepoliticians of the district is that theprimary has been arranged only to beheld in the counties now composing theSeventh district, and of course no provision has been made for the countiesthat have been added. Yet if the redistricting measure becomes a law before the primary is .'held the addedcounties would naturally demand thatthey have a voice in selecting theircongressman. The matter has beendicsussed in its various phases and theconclusions widely differ.Mrs. Mary Welsh, aged 76 years,died at the St. Jo3eph Hospital, Lexington. Sunday morning at 11:30o'clock of pneumonia, following an illness of ten days. Mrs. Welsh was anative of Ireland and came to Americaabout fifty years ago. For the pastseveral years she has made her homein Lexington and Mt. Sterling.The body was taken to Mt. SterlingSunday night to the home of her son,Mr. J. J. Walsh. The body will bebrought to this city this morning onthe early morning train and the funeral services will be held at the churchof;the Annunciation at 9 o'clock thismorning, sonducted by Rev. FatherEugene DeBruyn. The burial willtake place in the Paris Catholic cemetery. MATRIMONIAL.Miss Pearl Rankin and Mr. GeorgeCarter, both of the Black's CrossRoads neighborhood, were united inmarriage in Cynthiana Saturday night.Approves Pension Bill.Governor McCreary yesterday approv ed the Confederate Pension billand the bill creating a State InsuranceBoard to investigate insurance rates.Insure with W.Prompt payingcompanies.O. Hinton.non - uniontfBIRTHS.Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Simms, ofWoodford county, are receiving congratulations upon the arrival of ahandsome daughter at their home lastWednesday. She will be called Lucy,which is a name very much honored onboth sides of her family.Probably the youngest mother -inthe world was reported Saturday fromHazel Green when Mrs. Henry Noble,agec1 13 years, gave birth to a child.The grandmother of the baby is onlytwenty-nine.Born, in Lexington to the wife ofJ. B. Latta a son J. B. Latta, Jr.Mrs. Latta was formerly Miss LucilleWilliams, of thi city.Born, Friday, March 1, to the wifeof Mr. W. Ray Clark, nee Swart, adaughter, Audrey Mattie Clark.Immense Line New Wall Paper.Call at my store and pick from thelarge new spring stock of wall paperjust what you need and have it put onnow and avoid tha, springrush.yourpert decorators ready to doding.. J. T. HINTON.Ex-bid-Gay Wins in Final Race.In the third and final frace I betweenJ. D. Gay, of Pine Grove. Clarkcounty and Harry Kehler, of Philadelphia, at the Hill Top Gun Club'srange Friday afternoon, the Kentuckian defeated his Philadelphia opponentby a score of 93 to 80 birds. The raceFriday afternoon was the close of theseries of three for a purse of $1,500.On this occasion the weather was coldand disagreeable, but the shooting ofGay was not hindered in Ithe least bythe prevailing weather conditions, except on the first day when the highwind which blew over the range wasresponsible for many misses. The finalresult was Gay 269, Kehler 242. Avery: enthusiastic crowd attended theclosing event and congratulations werehesped upon the winner of the match.MatchlessShowing of TheNewSPRING SUITSj AT jtI$25 and $30There's no reason why you should not be attired thisseason as smartly and correctly as any of the dwellers inthe metropolitan cities. Your new Spring Suits may haveall the chic, distinctiveness, gracefulness of draping andperfection of fit that distinguish the suits worn on theavenues or boulevards of New York or Chicago and at alower cost than you think providing you choose your newSpring Suit at this store.Here is gathered'the biggest and choicest collection ofSpring Suits at $25 and 30 we have ever shown the pickof the production of the leading fashion creators of thecountry manufacturers who number among their patronsthe largest and most exclusive stores in the United States.They are garments such as custom tailors receive $50 to 60for. The best of the new and approved styles, every newand worthy material, such as English whipcords, Frenchserge, wide wale diagonals and Scotch wool crashes in thefashionable colors navy, white, black, tan, sepia brownand yacht blue is represented. Amongst such a varietyyou can surely find YOUR particular style, material andsize.Come .and pick YOUR suit now while the assortmentis complete and at its best too, our exceptional values willprove a strong inducement to make purchases at once.Wolf, Wile & Co.,LFormerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, Ky.Selz Fine Shoes For Men.n. $3.00-$3.50-$4.00-$5.00We could have bought any Shoes in the market.There are lots of makers of good Shoes who would beglad to sell us their goods. We chose Selz Shoes fromthem all because we believe they're the best Shoes made,and because every pair has attached to it a positive guarantee that the wearer shall get satisfaction in every respect. Selz Shoes are the only Shoes so guaranteed, andwe call your attention to the fact that such a guaranteeshows that the .maker has full confidence in the merits ofhis work.The Selz GuaranteeThe name SELZ stamped on the sole of a '. shoe is a guarantee of absolute satisfaction. Remember, your dealer is authorized to see thatyou get absolute satisfaction from every pair ofshoes bearing the markLargest Makers of Good $hoes in the World.J. H. JOSSELSON, Sole Agt.LParis, Kentucky-1IIJTHE BOURBON ' NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 5, 1912fffi BOURBON NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGContracts for Residence.Mr. James H. Haggard Friday let acontract to Mr. George Rion for theerection of a modern frame residenceon Cypress street to cost approximately S3, 000.Plenty ol Eggs.Fresh eegs all you want at 20 centsTier dozen.C. P. COOK & CO.Painfully Injured.While descending the steps at herhome on South Mam street Fridaycorning, Mrs. Emily Parker lost herDalance and in falling sustained abroken rib and badly sprained wrist.Field Seeds.We are headquarters for timothy,clover and alsike seeds. See us beforebuying. Both phones 14.SI 4t CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.Wash Goods.Wash goods of all kinds at theSimon Department Store.Buys Residence.Mr. J. W. Bacon purchased Fridayof Mrs. Hatfcie Stevens, of Paducah.her residence on Cypress street. Theprice was private. Mr. Bacon willtake possession of the property aboutApril 1.Saves OneHaILSave onejhalf your clover seed andinsure a stand. See the clover seeddrill on sale by Yerkes & Prifchard. Itwill do it. 9 StJust Arrived.Silk dresses just received at theSimon Department Store.Transfers Farm.Among the real estate transfers inLexington last week was the farm ofMr. E. r. Hash, formerly of thiscounty, containing about 385 acres,Jocated on the Richmond pike, whichwas deeded to Mr. George Keller. Theconisderation was $10,350.Saves One Half.Save one half your clover seed andinsure a stand. See the clover seeddrill on sale by Yerkes & Prichard. Itwill do it. 9 StTobacco Cotton.Tobacco cotton, all grades, at theSimon Department Store.Garden Seeds.Fine seed potatoes and garden seedof all kinds. Remember we sell onlythe kind that grow,otf T. LENIHAN.Will be Sold Privately.At the sale of Mr. George Rassenf iss held Friday, several of the lotsoffered were disposed of at satisfactory prices. The remainder of thefarm will be sold privately. Thepersonal effects of Mr. Rassenfosseold well.Fresh Fish Today.Fresh fish received daily. Phone usyour order early.1 tf SAUER.Fire and tornado insurance.McCLURE & CLENDEN1N.Fire in Box Car.The fire department was called outyesterday aftrenoon about 4 o'clor k inresponse to an alarm from Box 26. Ablaze had started in a box car on a siding in front of the Louisville andNashville depot but was extinguishedby the yard crew with smal 1 damagebefore the department arrived.Fire,wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.Incubator Oil.We handle genuine high grade incubator oil. Nothing better.5 2t SAUER.Report of Ashurst Sale.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney reportsthe sale of Lloyd Ashurst, Jr.. whichtook place Saturday, as follows:Horses, $60 to $160 per head ; mules,S200 to $225 per head ; cows, $35 to $40per head ; brood sows, $12 to $18 perhead;shoats, $3.50 to $4 per head:sheep, $4.75 to $5 per head ; corn, $3.20per barrel ; fodder, 38 cents per shock.Farming implements sold well. Attendance smsll.Embroidery Work.Five thousand yards embroideriesworth 15 cents to 20 cents at 10 centsper yaid all this week at the SimonDepartment Store.Poultry and Stock Food.Full line of Praatt's Poultry andstnMc- Food. This is conceded to bethe best line on the market.5 2t SAUhiK.Mission Board Meets.The 'Christian Women's Board ofMissions held its regular monthlymeeting Friday afternoon in the parlots of the Christian church, rhepresident, Mrs. W. E. Simm. presided. After the business meeting Mrs.Jos. W. Davis, chairman of the Marchgroup, assumed charge of the literaryprogram. The subject of the meetingwas "Tie Coming Force, the Children." Interesting papers were readby Mrs. Charlton Alexander and Mrs.,Withers Davis.(PERSONAL MENTION.Miss Fannie Harris is visitingMiss Jessie Spender in Lexinton.Mrs. Amne Prichard has returnedfrom Martinsville, Ind.Mrs. J. D. Burnaugh visitedfriends in Cynthiana Friday.Mrs. Harry Simon left Sunday fora business trip to New York.Miss Effie Paton left yesterday fora visit to friends in Louisville.Mr. R. M. Rice continues quite illat his home on Fifteenth streetCharlton, the little son of Dr. andMrs. F. P. Campbell, is seriously ill.Mrs. liida Conway has returnedfrom an extended visit to California.Mrs. Nell Hinton is the gust ofMrs. Speed Hibler in Maysville.Miss Katherine Thompson is visiting Miss AnnieJJames in Harrodsburg.Mrs. W. A. Morris is visiting herniece, Mrs. R. M. Norman, in Danville.Mrs. J. T. Stokley of Winchester,is the guest of Mr. and Mrs. B. F.Adcock.Miss Margaret Shea is visitingMiss Genevieve Conway in Winchester. Mrs. C. P. McLear, has returnedfrom a few days visit to relatives ginOwingsville.Mr. and Mis. D. C. Parrish havereturned from Florida, where theyspent several weeks.Mrs. Edward Borchers, formerlyot this city, is reported to be quite illat her home in Louisville.Mrs. Mary E. Henry has returnedto her home in Winchester after avisit to Mrs. A. B. Dennison.Mrs. J. Walter Payne and littledaughter, Eleanor, have returned froma visit to relatives at Warsaw.Mrs. Wheeler Early entertained ather home in Lexington Saturday witha miscellaneous shower for MissLeer.Mrs. Richard O'Donnell and children, of Cincinnati, are guests of hermother, Mrs. Mary Welsh, at Centerville. Mrs. W. O. Chambers and littledaughter, Dorotny.have returned froma visit to Mrs. Frank Morris inLondon.Mrs. Florence Green and MissImogene Kedmon have rented andmoved to the Howard cottage on Higgins avenue.Mr. and Mrs. C. F. Redi-xion havemoved from the Miller place on theGeorgetown pike to their residenceon Cpyress street.Mrs. L. B. Purnell and littledaughter, Reboeca left yesterday for avisit to Mrs. Purnell's sister, Mrs.Lee Barbour, in Louisville.Miss Mary Belle Wyatt, a studentat Hamilton College, Lexington, spentthe week end with her parents, Mr.and Mrs George Wyatt, ner this city.Mrs. Margaret Sullivan is qu, iteill at her home in Lexington and hersisters. Miss Elizabeth Gregory andMrs. Emma Hughes, of this city, areat her bedside.Mrs. E. F. Speprs, Miss ElizabethSpears, Messrs. Catesby and KeithSnears have returned from Eustis.Fla., where they have been spending jl fU. !sevciai iiiuiiLiia.Mrs. H. C. Howard has rented thefamily residence on Cypress street toMrs. Maria Bedford, who will move toit at once. Mrs. Howard will visither aunt, Mrs. Lucretia Clay, in thecounty before returning to Peru.Mr. and Mrs. Roger Nichols entertained Fridaty evening at their homein Lexington with a Five Hundredparty in honor of Miss Laura Leer andMr. Roger Randolph J Early whosemarriage will be celebrated Wednesday. Miss Amelia Leer, of Middiesboro,arrived Saturday to be present at themarriage of her sister, Miss LauraLe6r, to Mr. Roger Randolph Early,which will occur at the home of thebriae's mother in. this county Wednesday. Mr. W. C. Massie entertained thefollowing friends with a box party tosee "The Spring Maid" in LexingtonSaturday afternon : Miss Mary SayreWilliams, Miss Sallie Daniel, Mr. andMrs. Woodford Daniel, and Mr. RogerWilliams, Jr. After the matinee theentire party returned to Paris andwere"entertained at "Hidaway," Mr.Massie's home, with an elegant dinner. Mrs Fannie B. Talbott was foundin an unconscious condition at thehome of her daughter, Mrs. F. S. Allen, in Sharpsburg, several days ago,and for a t.me ner illness was thoug'utto be serious. She is considerably improved and is now thought to bejout ofdanger. Mra. Talbott is the mother ofMrs. Nannie Johnson, of Paris, andMrs. Bettie Howell, ot Huntington,W. Va., who were at her bedside lastweek.The Lexington Leader containedthe following: "Mrs. John W. Denton, of the county and Mrs. TheodoreSmith entertained Thursday afternoonwith a linen shower in lionor of MissLoura Lear of Bourbon county, whosemarriage to Mr. Roger Early, Jr.,will be celebrated the 6th of March.The party was given at the home ofMrs Smith on Walnut street, and haddecorations of plants and red andwhite flowers. About thirty-fivefriends were present and broughtdainty gifts to the bride-elect. TheynWoH hicrh in a small expresswagon, decorated in red and white and jdrawn into the room by little Miss hueCoburn Blackburn. Delightful lefreshments were sreved and many expressions of good wishes said.! "Mr. and Mrs. Helen Vaughni entertained Thursday evening at theirI h ime in Aylesford in honor of Miss! Lear and Mr. Early. The house was'decked with flowpra and a delicioussupper was served. Mr. and Mrs.i Vaughan were asissted in recieving byj Mioses Lear, Mr. Early and Mr. and; Mrs. Roger Nichols, and the partyi was a very bright and joyou3 affair."Among those from this city, whoattended the performance of the"Spring Maid" in Leixngton Saturdaywere : Mrs. Laura Wiggins, Mrs. CM. Clay, Mr. Cassius M. Clay, Jr.,Mr. John Clay, Miss Kate Alexander,Miss Rachel Wiggins, Mr. and Mrs.Sam Clay, Mr. and Mrs. CharltonAlexander, Mrs. Rudolph Davis, MissElizabeth Crutcher, Mr. Jack Reville,Miss Josie Gardner, Mrs. Jesse Turney, Mrs. Amos Turney, Jr., Mrs. Albert Hinton, Mrs. D. W. Peed, MissAnna Eads Peed, Mrs. A. J. Winters,Mrs. Barnett, Mrs. Charles Goldstein,Mr. William Taylor, Miss Lorine Butler. Mrs. John Yerkes, Mrs. W. L.Yerkes, Miss Elizabeth Yerkes, Mr.John Wiggins, Miss Maiy Rassenfoss,Mrs. Ed Rassenfoss, Mr. and Mrs.Swift Chsmp, Dr. Charles Daugherty,Mrs. James Connelly and Mr. StanleyPrice, Dr. J. T. Vansant, Walker Nelson, Ben Downea, Mr. and Mrs. HarryEooth, Julian Howe, Mr. Steinbergen.Mr. and Mrs. F. P. Lowry willleave today for Miami, Fla., for ashort stay.Mrs. Frankie Dorsey Biddle remains quite ill at her home nearHutchison.Miss Jouett, of Winchester, isvisiting her 'sister, Mrs. WithersDavis in the city.Mr. and Mrs. R. P. Dow leave thismorning for Florida to remain thebalance of the winter.Messrs. to". A. Gaines, RichardFinnell, Robt. Anderson, Carey Wardand Mr. White were Scott county visitors in Paris yesterday.Mrs. Swift Champ leaves thismorning for Florida where she willjoin her daughter, Miss Frances Champwho has been spending the winter there.Among the court day visitors hereyesterday were Hon, Abe Renick, ofWinchester, Clarence Kerr, of Lexington, and W.O.Carrick, of Georgetown.Hon. and Mrs. J. C. W. Beckham,of Frankfort, passed through Parisyesterday morning enroute to Floridawhere they will spend several weeks.Mr. James Gray, who moved fromBourbon to Spencer county about ayear ago was the guest last week ofBourbon relatives. His brother, Mr.John L. Gray, will move in a fewweeks to Spencer county to reside.New Trimmer.After several months of correpsondence and througn the influence of several large wholesale houses Mr. HarrySimon has secured the services of oneof the best millinery trimmers in theEast. Miss Nevis has arrived and hastaken charge of the millinery department and is ready to wait on theladies of Bourbon. It will be the aimof the Simon Department Store tomake the millinery department a feature of their store. Advance springstyles are already being displayed inpattern hats. Hie laides are invitedto call and meet Miss Nevis.Wall Paper Time.. Now is i ha time of year to do yourpapering for spring. Our stock wasnever so full and complete with beautiful patterns. Something entirelynew. Come in and look over the bigstock. Our decorators ars ready towait on you. Price3 to suit all pocketbooks, J. T. HINTON.Revenue Assignments.Revenue Collector T. A. Fields, ofLexington, has made the followingrevenue assignments for Bourboncounty for the month ot March ;F. P. Thomas, Kisertoii; C. L.Hough, day W. W. Cherry, additionaland bottling ; W. G. Cook, gauger.- G. G. White Co., Paris; A. V.Combs, day ; B. B. Polloit, additoinaland bottling; R. L. Grant, additional;J. P. Hutchcraft, gauger.Julius Kessler & Co. Paris : J. M.Russell, day ; Wm. Henderson, bottling; Will Robinson and E. A. Brandis,additional ;R. B. Woodford, mealroom ;E. J. Martyn, night; J. D. Shy andW. G. Cook, gangers.Cottage For Sale.v Five room cottage located at thecorner of Main and Twelfth streets,contains hall, nice bath room, with hotand cold water. Both water and gas inkitchen. Splendid cistern at dnor.This house is centrally located and isin first class repair, the rooms beingnewly papered. The lot fronts 65 feeton Main street and runs along Twelfthstreet a distance of 107 1-4 feet. Forfurther information apply toMRS. GROVER C. BALDWIN,5 tf E. T. phone 424.A New InstitutionFor Paris.Paris is now in line withnearly all of the progressivecities in Kentucky in having aTrust Company to serve theteople in all capacities withinf the province of a Trust Company.The BourbonBank & Trust Co.with ample resources and excellent eauioment stands readv toII act as Executor or Administrator of estates and as Trustee orGuardian of infant heirs andother persons, and in all fiduci-ITrust Department is empoweredto act as management of property, as Assignee and as Trustee for bond issues.All business, large or small,will be given careful attentionby the officers of the BourbonBank & Trust Co. and will beunder the supervision of theBoard of Directors,Bourbon Lodge Well RepresentedBourbon Lodge No. 23, I. O. O. F.,was well represented at the meetingheld in Lexington Thursday night,when the degree team of Merricklodge conferred the first degree uponabout forty candidates. Seventy-fivemembers of the local lodge went overon an interurban car leaving here at6 o'clock and returning about 11 :30.Those from Bourbon lodge who tookthe degree were Robert Goggin, Jl F.Ingles, W. F. Link. George D.Speakes, Prof. J. S. Johnson and . Dr.J. T. Brown. 3WANTED.Young man to act as clerk, etc. Apply toJ. H. J0SS5LS0N.Pocket bonk. Owner can have sameby proving property and paying forthis advertisement. -NEW RECORDSFORMARCHNow On Sale.Come In and Hear Them.Ask for one of our newcomplete . Record Catalogs,the finest thing of its kindever issued.Dammerty Bros.J. T. HINTONTHE HOME OUTFITTER.z r nYou Can 'BuyWHAT BLANKETSI have left at cost, and I have not many. Among theseare some EXTRA GOOD AU Wool. I am also offeringCOMFORTS at greatly reduced prices. ,J. T. HI3STT03ST.IN That Something DifferentIs Here--Get the Name."Ratine "or " TerryCloth."White and All Good Spring Shades.The Latest New York Novelty in Wash Material,Used for Dresses, Skirts and Trimmings.Come, be the first to see it. . ,W. EdALWAYS THE NU.Agent Butterich PatternsiFee's CashFriday andIIFancy Chocolate Layer Cake, large size 1 5cFresh Baltimore Oysters, per quart 40cWinter-caught Salmon 15c lbAtmore's Mince Meat 12 1 -3c lbChase & Sanborne's Tea, 1-2 lb. can 35cPurity Flour, best made, 24-lb. sack 75cPurity Flour, per cwt $3.00Chase & Sanborne's special blend coffee 30cHeno Tea, per. lb 75cMuth's Raisin and Cinnamon Bread.VaITuckerI!SaturdayPa Di.mamSpecials, iTHE- BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 5, 1912My Doctor Said"Try Cardui," writes Mrs.'Z. V. Spell, of Hayne, N. C." I was in a very low state of health, and was not able tobe up and tend to my duties. I did try Cardui, and soonbegan, to feel better. I got able to be up and help do myhousework. I continued to take the medicine, and now Iam able to do my housework and to care for my children,and I feel as though I could never praise Cardui enoughfor the benefits I have received."TAKELARDUIWoman'iTomCardui is successful, because it is made especially forwomen, and acts specifically on the womanly constitution.Cardui does one thing, and does it well. That explainsthe great success which it has had, during the past 50 years,in helping thousands of weak and ailing women back tohealth and happiness.If you are a woman, feel tired, dull, and are nervous,cross and irritable, it's because you need a tonic. Why notiry Cardui? Cardui builds, strengthens, restores, and actsin every way as a special, tonic remedy for women. Testit for yourself. Your druggist sells Cardui. Ask him.Write to: Ladies Advisory Dept. Chattanooga Medicine Co., Chattanooga, Tenn.,for Special Instructions, and 64-page book, " Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 55TWIN BROS.,Oothins DepartmentWe Are Showing for Fall and Winter StrictlyAll-Wool Worsted, Hand-TailoredSuits at $1 0.00Handsome new Brown and Grey Worsteds and Cassimeresin the newest models, hand-tailored Suits, worth easily $20,our Special $15.Overcoats in every new cut and weave, prices range from7.50, 10, $12.50, 15, 18 and 20.We have taken the sale agency for the celebrated EmersonShoe, Brockton, Mass. This is the classiest S4 and $5 men'sShoe made.Also the French Shrine hand-made Shoes at $4. .The reliable Douglas Shoes $2.50, 3, 3.50.Those rough, fuzzy hairy Hats, 2, 2.50, 3.Full line of Hawes Van Gal 3 Shoes.Monarch and Lair best 1 Shirts made.( Chutt's 1.50 and 2 Shirts, new patterns.Lion Brand slip-easy Collars, 2' for 25c.Full line of Trunks, Suit Cases and Hand-bags.ILWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.U & N. TIME-TAEBLIN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.Trains ArriveNo.341342971040373123326259138385393083231FROMAtlanta, Ga., Daily v 5 21 amLexington, Ky., Daily 4.34amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday.; 8.12 amCincinnati, O., DBily ; 9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 amLexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily ; 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily ; 3.34 pmKnoxville,Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily 5.25 pmCincinnati, O.. Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6,03 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday , 6.03 amJacksonville. Fla., Daily 6 05 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTra,i:as XDepartno, ' . . - to ;-84 Cincinnati. O. , Daily ....... ...... 5.28 am4 Maysvuie, ivy., uaiiy juxcepu csunaay : 0.30 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am4) Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 1 8.20 air10 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday. 8.20 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily ., 9.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily : 9.55 am33 Jacksonville, Fla. , Daily :. 10. 24 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10.27 am6 Maysville, K., Daily 12.05 pm36 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '. 3.34 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.4o pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.52 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily Except bunday ....5.57 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 6.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ; 6.15 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday -. ; 6.25 pmLexington, K., Daily .. .10.55 pmAtlanta, Ga., Daily v. 10.57 pSTOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTEStheLittle tobacco was pledged tcten year pool in Clark county.Horses that have heavy coals ofhair shoula be clipped just before thenew hair starts.Too much corn has caused the lossof many a fine litter of pigs and oltenthe loss of the sow as well.Horses in great numbers in thevicinity of Glasgow are said to be dying of a mysterious disease.R. M. Wilson, of Millersburg, soldto a Morristown, Tenn., party a threeyear old mare by King Chieftian 2846,for $350. zzzTheBurley Tobacco Society willin a few weeks begin work on its$50,000 loose leaf 'warehouse, storageand redriyng plant at Carlisle.If a horse 'slobbers look at'histeeth. They may besharp and needfillnig, but do not doso yourself unlessyou have had some experience in thisline.I It is estimated that where a herdof cows are given troughs with a conslant supply of water the increase inmilk was one pound per day on. anaverage.Three hundred acres of hemp willbe grown thi season on Elemendorffarm in Fayette county, which hasbeen sold in advance to Eastern partiesat a private price.Mr. Ed Burke, of this city, purchased last week on the Louisville tobacco market 50,000 pounds of theweed at an average of 14 cents perpound.The Mathers bill providing for theinspection of bulls, cows and calvesas to their having tuberculosis andproviding for destroying those thathave it, passed the Senate Friday by avote of 26 to 0.S. C. Carpenter, of Millersburg,bought at the Duke sale in Masoncounty three Percheron mares for atotal of $865. The stock was boughtfor Jones & Vaugh, of Tennessee.James M. Terry, of Harrison,purchased of W- M. Jones & Son, ofJNorth Middletown, a chestnut fivegaited saddle horse by Cripple Chiefat a private figure.Quisle, intelligent attention willoften save a lamb, or a pair of themor the ewe as well. In case of twinsone is always weaker than the other,and would die if not assisted tonourishment. A tablespoonful of oatmeal a day to each ewe, given regularly is a sensible addition to the ration.The bill introduced bv Hon. Sidney G. Clay providing that all licensefees paid on stallions, jacks, bulls,boars and rams shall be paid to thefair association in the county wherethe animals stand or to the State Fairif the county has no fair, passed theHouseFriday. . -ZZZZ'ZZZBourbon Garage & Supply Co.?Paris, KentuckyTlmders "20" three Speed Delivery Car.INSIDE DIMENSIONS:43 inches wide; 35 inches wide in door frame; 49 inches long back of I- " wrw.V Jt1mm m . vv Tl 1 .Snody is interchangeable with r landers touring car body and in a lew minutesthe delivery car can be transferred into the touring car.j Write for Circular giving complete specifications.jNicholas county can boast of twoof the youngest tobacco "growers in theState. They are Julian and HobartFeeback, aged 11 and 9 years respectively. Without the asisstance of anyone they cultivated a crop of tobaccowhich when rea-y for the marketweighed 665 pounds and sold at Carlisleat an average of $11.60 per hundred.Most of the methods of "breakingup" hens from setting are cruel, andtire and distress the innocent hens whoare not to blame for their instinct.The kindest way is the following:When' it is necessary to stop the inclination, place the hen in a nice cleancoop alone with fresh grass and all themeat cut fine that she will eat. Themeat immediately increases the eggnourishment, ana while the hen ishaving a really good time she is fastpreparing herself to commence laying'eggs. It will take but two or threedays before she forgets all about setting, having other affairs to attend to.Point to Remember.It was the ballet master who spoke.The occasion was the rehearsal inLondon of the Walpurgis scene InGuonod's "Faust" He chided: "Loldies, loidies, take yer 'ands off yer'ips, yer not dancing on 'Ampstead'eath; yer dancin' in 'ell."Bourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor, 4th and High Sreets,Paris, Kentuckymm.G. s. varaen & Son Get New MeA New Remedy Called Digestit Found to Be Sure Relief for indigestion and Stomach Disorders.IT DIGESTS FOOD THAT STOMACHS CANNOT.G. S. Varden & Son as well as allfirst class pharmacies throughout thernnntrv have ben sUDnlied with thenew remedy for stomach disorders-called DIGESTIT.This new medicine has been foundto be a sure relief for the distressingsymptoms of indigestion and dyspepsia. It will digest food in a remarkably short time.Special arrangements have beenmade with the makers of this newremedy whereby they propose to proveits wonderful merit A limited numberof full size packages will bs suppliedwithout cost by G. JS. Varden & Sonthat you may test it in vour own case.These packages will be given thefirst ones calling so if you are a victimof indigestion do not miss this opportunity to get relief or if you are oneof the many who enjoys a hearty meal jbut do not indulge too freely fearing jthe after effects -that full uucorafort- Jable feeling, heartburn belching orsour stomach, you surely will try thisremarkable relief. Two or three tablets immediately after eating or whensuffering will relieve almost instantly.DIGESTIT is a harmless medicineabsolutely free from any dangerous orhabit forming drugs It digests foodin a natural way and tones the digestive organs to a healthtul conditionIt aids assimilation thereby giving;nutrition to the famished body.FREE IF IT FAILS.Your Money Back il You are NotSatisfied With the MedicineWe Recommend.328303113IN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3, 1911.Trains ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.40 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sundaj' Only 10.00 pmTrains Departsgo. tom,4mm Tl T f J O T " "I! fl J " - 1 Aioi rxanKiorc .uouisviiie, ounaav uniy W...Y..1U am7 rraniaorc sc Louisviiie, uaiiy jixcept sunaay 7.43. am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday .-. . . . . ; h. . . . . 9.53 am2 Frankfort, Ky Dally Except Sunday. '. . v 5.52amWe are so positive that our remedywill permanently relieve constipation,no matter how chronic it may be, thatwe offer to furnish themedicine at ourexpense should it fail to produce satisfactory results.It is worse than useless to attemptto cure constipation with catharicdrugs. Laxatives or catharics do muchharm. They cause a reaction, irritateand weaken the bowels and tend tomae constipation more chronic. Besides their use becomes a habit that isdangerous.Constipation is caused by a weaknessof the nerves and muscles of the largeintestine cr descending colon. To expcet perrnanent relief you must therefore tone up and strengthen these organs and restore them to healthier activity. We want you to try Rexall Orderlieson our recommendation. They are exceedingly pleasant to take, being eaten like candy, and are ideal for children, delicate persons, and old folks,as well as for the robust. They actdirectly on the nerves and muscles ofthe bowels. They apparently have raneutral action on other associate organs or glands. They do not purge,cause excessive looseness, nor createany inconvenience whatever. Theymay be taken at any time, day ornight. They will positively relievecrhonic or habitual constipation, if notof surgical variety, and the myriadsof associate or dependent chronic ailments, if taken with regularity for areasonable length of time. 12 tablets,10 cents ; 36 tablets, 25 cents ; 80 tablets, 50 cents. Sold in Paris ,only atour storeThe Kexall Store. G. S.Varden & Son.KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."Hourly High Speed ThroughService. ASSParis Lexington FrankfortDivision.fin-na Iotito Pivic fm T pvin rrfnn Vpr-jaiO m.Vm. ' Jsanies ana .b'ranKiorc every nour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m.,and at 10 p. m., the last car goingonly as far as Versailles .Cars leave Lexington for Versaillesand Frankfort, and for Paris everyhour on the hour from 6 a. m. until7 p. in., and at 9 and 11 p. m., thelast car going only as far as Versailles. Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington and Paris every thirtyminutes after the hour from 6 :30 a.m. until 7:30 p. m., and at 10:30 p.sjm., the last car going only as faras Lexington.CT.ORGETOWN- LEXINGTON-KTTrtrrnT a crvrrr T TT IDivision.Gars leave Georgetown for Lexingtonand Nicholasville every forty-fiveminutes after the hour from 5:45 a.rn. until 6:45 p. m., and 8:05 and10:05 p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetownevery hour on the hour from fi a. muntil 7 p. m. and at 9 and lx p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville every thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 p.m. and at 9:30 p. m. and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville for Lexington and Georgetown every fifteenminutes after the hour from 6:1s a.ni. until 2:15 p. m. and 10:15 p. m.STILL AT IT!Clearance SaleIn Dry Goods, Cloaks, Suits,Furs and MillineryNow Going On.Come InWonderfuI BargainsIn All Depart mentsTWIN BROS, iTwo Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyDaily Fast Freight Service BetweenParis, Lexington, Versailles, Frankfort, Georgetown and all Intermediate Points. Freight Agent's Telphones : Old Phone , 309, New, phone 309FOR RE INT.I have for rent or will lease lfor aterm of years the best Hverv and salej barn in Paris, Kentcuky. Situated! corner Second and Main streets, oppoI site Windsor Hotl, posseession givenJan. 1, 1912. E. T.P hone 198.I J. H. BUTLER,, 12 tf parig, Ky.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclasf barbers. 13 tfFOR SALE PRIYATELY.Eight room frame residence and lotfronting seventy feet and ten incheson Higgins avenue, and two hundredand eight feet deep ; bath room, .newroof, gas- leading to house ; large garden and goodi cistern.VWM. A. GRIMES,E T phone 45 or 3b4-23 t . Pack, Ky. -THE BOURBdNNEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 5, 1912Job PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!TRE J9B ReOfflS'OFTHE .BourbonNewsAre prepaired to do the best of rPrinting on short notice such as. T .LReaching aCompromiseBILLHEADS.LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you on 211on your next yorkOut facilities are the best, havingfust installed two of the latest im-proved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.Putting Jeffrey Webber and styletogether in one thought would havestruck all his friends as a most startling act of lunacy, something in theight of touching a match to a bundleDf excelsior and daring it to burn.AH his life he had shied at neckties on the theory that if the beneficent powers above had dowered aman with chin whiskers it was rankextravagance for him to adorn himselfwith unseen finery. Likewise he couldnot understand the blind foolishnessof masculine individuals who turnedfrom celluloid collars which one couldwash daily and. thus save unnecessarylaundry bills. As for clothes theywere merely required for covering.This; then, was the problem Antoinette Webber had to wrestle withwhen she came back from boardingschool and began to get the family arranged for her wedding.Being a woman, her mother wasquite amenable to new ideas, butwhen Antoinette tackled Jeffrey hefiguratively stood up on his hind legsand roared a war cry."Dress suit!" he choked. "Me! Atmy age! Cracky! Never!""Now, father," Antoinette begansoothingly, quite as though she held atablespoonful of bitter medicine in onehand and was prying open his teethwith the other, "I want you to lookyour best when Horace and his friendsget here ""Look my best!" her father roaredagain. "Dressed-up like a monkey ona stick!""And you've got to wear a tie," Antoinette broke in, firmly.They revived Antionette's fatherwith tender care, but he never was thesame man after that. He gloomedaround the premises, surveying witha hostile eye the housecleaning preparations for the coming wedding andhe developed a jumpiness at everything unusual and suspicious.Antoinette was in despair. She wasmarrying into rather a fashionablefamily and the thought of Horace'scollege friends and his family arriving to find that while her father hada heavy bank account he had no senseof sartorial values was a tragedy."Horace and his party won't gethere till the day itself," Antoinettetold her mother in one of their hopeless conferences. "They won't noticedad so much then, but in the evening,at the wedding mother, I'll just die ifhe wears that baggy old gray sacksuit and his celluloid collar and nQtie!""Then I'm afraid you're due to die,daughter, "said Mrs. Webber, who hadbeen married to Antoinette's fatherlong enough to know."I won't!" snapped Antoinette, withthe blind faith of youth in its powers.'Til manage it somehow. I'm not going to have the only wedding I'll havein my whole life spoiled by father'sridiculous stubbornness!"She and her father eyed each Otherwarily toward the last, like gladiatorsbefore the fight. Her father ostentatiously bought a new celluloid collarand a fresh ten cent collar button anda new pair of calfskin boots.The day of the wedding Antoinette'sfather, the only incongruous spot in arefurbished, decorated house, filledwith frills and fluff, went upstairs toget ready for the evening's fray. Laying cut his new collar and collar button and simply tossing his old grayclothes over a chair, he stepped intothe bathroom for kis ablutions. Hewas absent 20 minutes.When he came back to his room heblinked. On the bed were spread somestrange black things. The -coat waslow cut and had long tails. Patentleather pumps stood fiendishly besidea pair of silk socks. There were alsosome weird stand-up linen collars anda box of white ties and a largebosomed shirt. There was nothing elsein the way of clothes in the "room.Nobody paid any attention to hisravings and poundings, for everybodywas dressing the .bride or was getting! dressed. Choking, gasping, hectici with rage, Antoinette's father dancedin his bathrobe, poking a finger nowand then at the hated garments.Cfte Bourbon Hews,1 04 Issues a Year1 for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.Finally the wedding went on. Everybody was present but the bride's father. After the ceremony and .' congratulations the bride herself headeda search party for him.Holding her trailing satin skirt inone hand, Antoinette, accompanied byHorace, ran him down at last in themost secluded corner of the haymow.There he sat, hunched up, smoking apipe fiercely. He had on the clothes,swathed, bunched around him, -thedress shirt and the high collar and allbut the collar button gleamed defiantly between the strands of his whiskers, proclaiming his last stand nonecktie!1 He glared at his daughterand his newly achieved son-in-law."Father," begged the bride tremulously, "come down,Nplease! It's timeto go in to supper. There's scallopedoysters and ""I've put on these clothes," her father interrupted her sternly, "becauseI'm a law abiding citizen and you tookthe others away, but I'll be everlastingly goldurned if I'm going to exhibitmyself in 'em before sensible humanbeings! If you want the weddingcheck I've written out for you, Antoinette, you see that I git them oystersand other dewdads right out here.''So they compromised on that basis.Winter Is coming, batten the cracks.Sour milk is caused by dirt andwarmth.What water is to a person a dustbath is to a hen..See that your fowls are absolutelyfree from vermin.If the feathers are to be sold, ducksmust be dry picked.There is profit in breeding turkeysup to the fifth year." iThe value of butter increases asthe quality improves.A good horseman never trots adraft horse, even when he has noload.Laying hens need from 15 to 25per cent meat scraps added daily totheir mash.-Don't feed hay or other forage,which will raise a dust, before or during milking.Tainted, musty or mouldy feedsshould never be served in the dairyherd rations.The best market for skim milk onthe farm is afforded by good dairycalves and quick growing pigs.If the cream in the churn foams upand runs over, the churn is too fullor the cream is improperly ripened.Simply because a calf is given herration of milk each day, it does notsignify that she does not need wateralso.Cholera and other diseases of swineattack herds which are in poor condition and consequently most susceptible.If your horse is troubled with indigestion have the animal clippedand its teeth attended to by a veterinarian.Until recent years the poultry business, especially on the farms, was ofso little importance that not much attention was paid to itPrune out old canes of raspberriesand blackberries and burn them. Thinthe hills to three or four shoots. Cultivate, and add some manure to thesoil. xThe red mites or lice do not stay onthe fowls during the daytime, buthide in cracks during the day, sallying' fojth after dark to seek theirprey.Orchardists who have never useddynamite should be sure to get allpossible information from the manufacturers of the explosive before attempting to use it.If celery is to be brought into th4cellar for winter storage cut the toproot, lift it from the ground and thenwith a strpng knife cut off the branching roots and most of the earth.Lcusy fowls are necessarily weakerlhan fowls that are free from lice, andStrength and vitality are quite important factors while the fowls areproducing theif new suit of clothes.'if your fowls have the range of thefields and orchards and can pick up anumber of insects ana worms daily,you will not need to bother muchabout the meat supply in the ration.Theraising of poultry on the farmor in conjunction with fruit growing,can be made very profitable with thesame kind of management that is devoted to raising good stock or goodgrain.Everything should be kept as cleanon the little chicks' feeding floors as"if it is on the floor of the kitchen.If this is done the little birds willnever have gapes or many of thechicken diseases.If you are feeding clover, remember-tocut down the bulk. This is ahearty food and you can't use as muchof it as you can of timothy withoutdoing your horse harm.In- filling a silo attention must begiven to the outer edges, for whenthe silage begins to settle there is always a draw away from the wall,leaving an air space that makes , thesilage spoil.There is no better germ slayer thanan ounce of carbolic acid added to apail of whitewash. Give the walls andceiling of the hen house a good coating, working it in rather thick in allcracks and crevices.There is not a farm in the countrywhere farming is seriously attemptedat all where it is necessary to try toraise chickens without decent provision for the safety of the flock and forthe convenience of the attendantWith eggs bringing an average ofover 20 cents a dozen and market poultry at 15 cents a pound and over, it isan easy matter to show paper profitsthat leave most other lines of farmingclear round the corner.The filling of the silo and thus providing a supply of palatable-and succulent feed for the stock1 for the entire year is not only a sign of progressbut is an indication that the farmerso doing is producing milk or beefmore easily and economically than hisneighbors who have no silo.- .State of Ohio, City of Toledo, )Lucas uounty. JFrank J. Chenev maks oat.b that his senior partner of the firm of F. J.Cheney & Co., doing business in thecity of Toledo, conntv and fits aaforesaid, and that said firm will pay !uub sum ui win iii -TXUiN jJirtiiiJJ JJUL-LARS for each an everv case of ntarrh that cannot be cured by the useor nan's uatarrn uure.FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and subscribedin my presence this. 6th day of ue-cemDer, .. u. laae.A. W. GLEASON.Notary Public.nail's L.atarrn (Jure is tafcpn internally and acts directly on the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Send for testimonials free.F. J. CHEENY & CO.. Toledo, O.Sold ev all rirnp-fnsf-s. 7Rr3Take Hall's Family Pills tor constipation.DR, DOLLE'SiHipn CiKCSNMATf.OHIO)S -ilAt.-X .First to Practice Palmistry.Gypsies introduced the practice ofpalmistry into England. This appearsfrom a statute of 1531 called an "Acteconcerning Egypsyans," which recitesthat "afore this tyme dyverse andmany outlandysshe People, callyngethem-selfes Egyptians, using no craftenor faicte of marchaundyse, havecomen into this Realme and gone fromShire to Shire and Place to Place,and used greate subtyll and craftymeanes to deceyve the people, thatthey by palmestre could tell menne andwomensfortunes, and have by crafteand rubtyltie deceyved the people oftheir money."M CURED AT SMALL COSTDifficult Syrs'sa! Opcrr.'Jcr.s Parforresd WMfcSkill and Success, vJhsn Surges Is Ndcesauy v,E&ll PHSjtfANEfJT CUREPositively Guaranteed"3 Radically G vr&dl nten Dzys. FreaMtkRUPTURE c!&foand RESTORATIVE Treainest in Loss t?f Vital PwrHYDROCELE !LASL"JDon't giro uj hope until yon have seen olL Dr.xsouei no wiu kits you xxwiZt a inorocgn examination, and will tell yon tho rntt,CeHMltation Free and confidential at oSee erby letter. Tweat7 Yearn' experience. Tmiirrlattendants. Best of care. C2p. Soolc os MemDiseases Free, upon receipt of 4 cts. for postage.giving mncn vainaoi9 inzoraation. oau at ctewm-625 WALNUT STREET;As to the "Dogdays."The "dogdays" are so called because the Greeks on first beholdingthe star Sirius with the naked eyewere wont to sacrifice a brown dogto appease his wrath, the general belief being that Sirius was the causeof the hot, sultry weather usually attendant upon its appearance, and thaton the first morning of its rising thesea boiled, wine turned sour, dogsgrew mad and man became afflictedwith all manner of burning fevers,hysterics and frenzies. At Argos afestival was held 'during the dogdaysknown as "CvnoDhantes." whichmeans that dogs were killed on sightMisquotation.It is very surprising to find in theCharlotte Observer this misquotationof an old phrase, 'Everything wasloyely and the goose was hanginghigh." This is the way the uninformed commonality have come towrite it, but in the Tar Heel country they know better. The right rendering is "the goose honks high," asthe wild goose does when the weather is fine, or, in other words, when"everything is lovely." NashvilleBanner.town office or write tono P 1 fffll 1 S B2 walnut street;UKs Ui Lb UULL CINCINNATI. Q,TOBACCOHAULING....,We are prepared to KaulTobacco to the markets atany point. No crop toolarge. We can furnish teamsand wagons.TRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attemtion given to all kinds fhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS..Eighth Street Both Phones.Low Round TripRATES.Homeseekers' FaresFRUIT AND SHADE TfilS!Strawberry Plants, GrapeVines, A paragus, Rhubarb, Ros cs, Pan iies andflox Everything for theOrchard, Lawn and Garden. Ca:a!og free. Noagents.H. L Hillenneyer & Sons,Lexingtoi, KentuckyTo fpointsin f Arizona, B ArkansasLouisana, Missouri, New Mexico,Oklahoma, Texas, ;Kansas, Nebraska,Montana, Michigan.'Wisccnsin, Alabama, Florida and Mississippi, Tickels on sale first and third Tuesdays ofeach mepth with tn return limit Jdays ironi uate cf Sals eXGept td destinations in Florida, final limit will 'be12 days from date of sale. Liberalstopovers allowed in homeseeker territory. We also have on sale daily untilApril 30, 1912,with final return limitsMay 31, 1912 Winter Tourist tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida, Georgia,Louisana, New .Meixco and Texas,with liberal stopovers allowed.For further information, call on orwrite 2'W. H. HARRIS, Agent.or j. k. SMITH, T. A.So yearSJor-Nettleton SKoesI4have stood for true!economy to the manof moderate means;and to the man ofwealth, the best thatmoney could buy. Weare sole agents forParis.Our new Fall line in all leathersPatent Colt, Russia Calf and GunMetal, now ready for inspection. .Geo. IVPWillams,ft--i"f 'i, rAgricultural Train.What will no doubt prpe to be thegreatest agricultural train ever run inthe South in the interest of the farmers, livestock breeders-and rural homeswill be inaugurated March 25. Theywill be run under the auspices of theKentucky Experiment Station, Agricultural Department and railways,and wil! traverse seventy counties ofthe State, carrying a handsome equipment and prominent speakers. e wjxReturn to Carlisle.Z Mr, Robert George, who for severalmonths has been a resident of thiscity, occupying the reisdehce on SouthMain street of Elder J. T. Sharrard,moved with his family Friday to Carlisle, where he formerly resided. Mr.George is associated with Mr. HatfieldBappert in the brick contracting business, and the firm has several largecontracts upon which they . will beginin the early spring in Carlisle.r09THE FINALIWINDUPOn All RemainingWe must clear our shelves of every pair ofWinter Shoes at once to make room for ourLARGE SPRINGSTOCK NOWARRIVINGIt iFWWYcri&e&1 J? JA ASIjpJ ?Our policy is not to carry over goods from oneseason to another. You surely will regret itif youdon't take advantage of this great reduction. Beon hand early and take your choice of the balanceof these high-grade goods.M. "ITBENDSWITHEASE.This cut represents the famous "Restshu"made especially for women with tender feet ThisShoe is made of soft Kid, in button andlace. Thesoles are especially treated to .make them soft andf lexibe and bends with ease with every motion ofthe foot. If you are troubled with your feetwesuggest that you let us fit your feet with a pairof "Restshu."DAN COHEN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky.I. Cantrill Addresses BourbonVoters.Hon. J. Campbell Cantrill, candidate for the Democratic nominationfor Congress from the Seventh Congressional District addressed the voters of Bourbon county in the interestof his candidacy at -the court-houseyesterday afternoon. A crowd estimated at about two hundred greetedthe Congressman but little enthusiasmwas displayed.Mr. CantrilFs speech was along thesame lines as those delivered in hispaat campaigns. He referred to hisrecord in Congress and the interest hehad taken in legislation for the benefitof the agricultural interests of theState. Severe criticism was meted outto the Lexington Herald for its activecampaign against his candidacy and hedenied the charges that had beenbrought againbt him in a previouscampaign regarding the alleced bribepaid him by John (J. Noel to changehis vote as to the location of the capital, in which he declared he had beenvindicated by the court.Nr. Cantrill paid a high complimentto his opponent.Hon. H. A. Schoberth,but in the same breath arraigned himseverely for breaking faith after he(Cantrill) had befriended him in hisrace for the Speakership of theHouse.March Court.March court day was cold and disagreeable and while the crowd wasgood considering the weather conditions, business vvss rather slow butthe merchants reported fair trade,which is dua in a degree to the lageamounts of money derived from thesale of tobacco recently and which busbeen turned into the hands of thefarmers.The mule market was rather briskowing to the approach of the springseason when work stock will be in demand and a number of good sales weremade. Thetlemand was good and ofthe 100 head which were on the market a great many changed hands atprices ranging from 8150 to 180 perhead.Caywood & McClintock, 'who a fewdays ago purchased the business of Mr.Walter Clark, were on the market withsome fine mules and repcrt the following sales: Nine head to Asa Jewell,of Liexington, for $1,630 ; 2 to MrMonson at $325; 2 to Oscar Henry at$365; 2 head to Woodford Buckner,$385 . 2 to Jeff Weathers, $375. Theypurchased 6 mules at prices rangingfrom $150 to $185 per hea. Very fewhorses were offered but the supplygreatly exceeded the demand.At the pens of M.J. Murphy & Co..only one bunch of thirty-five head of850 pound cattle were offered butthere was no demand and they wereleft unsold.MILLERSBURG ITEMS.Beauty Hint.Red elbows, says the Evening News,are happily a thorn which may be removed. Saw off the red elbows, soakthem in a bleaching mixture of unslaked lime, steep them in carbolicacid, and they will never trouble youagain. Cold feet may be treated similarly.Purchase Mule Barn.Mr. H. S. Caywood.of North Middletown and Mr. W. G. McClintock, ofParis, purchased of Mr. Walter Clarkhis mule barn on South Main streetand took possession Friday. The business will be conducted under the firmname of Caywood & MClintock.All Day Missionary MeetingAn urgent call is extended to everywoman of the Methodist church to attend the all day missionary meetingon Thursday, March 7, at Methodistchurch. Mrs. James Spillman, of Harrodsburg, president'of Kentucky Conference will be present.The mornnig session will beginpromptly at 10 :45. Lunch will be served to all at the noon hour. Afternoonsession at 2 o'clock. Following is theprogram :MORNING SESSION.Devotional ExercisesMrs. : E. B.January.Business Session.Address "In Response to BugleCall'" Mrs. James Spillman.AFTERNOON SESSION.Devotional Exercises Mrs. H. A.Power.Paper '4Giving of Self-ServiceMoney'7 Mrs. W. Webb.Address "Mission Work" Mrs.Spillman.One Penalty of Advancing Age.As we get older we find one of thesad things In life is the way in whichthe number of those who call us byour Christian, name diminishes.Warrant Issued for Negro.At the instance of John HenryRobert, colored, a warrant was issuedyesterday by Squire L. J. Fretwellagainst James Veach," charging himwith assaulting with a deadly weapon.Roberts conducts a store at Brentsville, a negro settlement about fourmiles fom Pais and Saturday night itis said Veach entered the store provoked a quarrel. After being ejectedfrom the store he returned a hort timeafterwards with a shotgun and bursting in the door threatened the life ofRoberts.Real Estate Transfers.The following deeds were lodged forrecord yesterday in the office of CountyClerk Paton :Frank Day to Mrs. R. E. Flanders,house and lot in Millersburg, $1 andother considerations.Millie B. Ingram toThos. H. Brown,123.45 acres, 57,098.37.A. S. Poe to R. S. Harrington, twutracts of land, 56,841.80.Isaac C. Shropshire to Mrs. SallieTurley. 45 acres, $1 and other valuableconsiderations.Nannie T. Johnson to Edna TurneyMcMillan, house and lot in Paris, $1and other, coonsiderations.W .H. .Whaley, Jr., to T. J. Redmon,22 acres, SI.Ida ii. Stoner to W, H. Whaley, Jr.,309.21 acres,$l. and other yalinblecbnsiderations. . ';?-H.- S. Caywood to Clayton Ctirtis 90res itl.0500; v y , vMr. Geo. Howard is slightfy improved. 1 , 'Mr. E. B. Taylor was in Maysvilleon busfness Friday. sMrs. O. H. Collier and childrenspent Saturday with Mr. Frank Collierat Paris.Mrs. C. B. Smith entertained theTwentieth Century Club Saturdayafternoon.Mr. and Mrs. S. K. Proctor willleave today for their new home atBatavia, O.Mr. E. D. Baldwin left Saturday forMaysville where h will make hisfuture home.Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Thorn have' returned from South Carolina ' wherethey spent the winter.The sale of Proctor & Howard yesterday was well attended and everything brought good prices.Mr. C. R. Jones and little daughter,Elizabeth, visited relatives at Elizaville Saturday and Sunday.Miss Louise Mvall was the cuestfrom Saturday to Monday of MissHopkins at her home near Little Rock.Miss Nancy Robinson, of Paris, wasthe guest from Friday to Monday ofher parents, Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Robinson. Misses Mary Louise and RebeccaCollier visited their aunt, Mrs. W. G.McClintock, in Paris, Friday and Saturday.iss Dakota Best, who' has been theguest of Col. and Mrs. CM. Best, leftyesterday for her home in Washington,D. C.Mrs. Ed Cochran, of Elizaville, arrived Thursday at the bedside of herson-in-law, Mr. F. h Hurst, who isimproving.Mr. Lawrence Thoin and familyhave moved to the property of Mr. C.T. Darnell from the farm of Mi. A.J. Thaxton.Master Percy Auxier entertained anumber of his little friends Saturdayafternoon from 2 to 4 in honor of hisfifth birthday.Mr. E. H. Kerr moved Monday fromthe farm of Mr. O. M. Johnson tothat of Mr. Lramblett recently purchased of the Allen heirs.Mr. and Mrs. J. Clarke Leer,Messrs. Mack Grimes and W. E. Powell were among the number who attended the hop at Cynthiana Fridaynight.Col. and Mrs. C. M. Best, Capt.Howard Freas, Major Stuart ElliottBrown and Miss Dakota Best attendedthe reception at Bouibon College inParis Saturday night.MiBs Beula McNemar. of Virginia,gave a reading at the M. F. C. auditorium, Friday night, appearing in"Mrs. Wiggs of the Caobage Patch."She was greeted with an appreciativeaudience.The protracted meeting which hasbeen in progrtss at the Methodistchurch for the past two weeks, con.-,ducted by Evangelist Bridges. Twoadditions were made to the churchSunday night.$1TanYer Pool a Success.The Birrley Society District Boardwill meet in Lexington today and declare the campaign of four monthsduration in Kentucky; Indiana andOhio in favor of the ten year pool, vtohave been a success.Over 100,000 acres of land have beenpledged and the returns will be canvassed and officially announced today.Goodman the First to Report.The first member of the Paris teamfor the season of 1912 to report fopspring training was B. F. Goodman,who caie in Thursday night from hishome at Paintsvilie. The remainder ofthe team are scheduled to report tothe Paris management March 20.Goodman came in several days aheadof the regular date set for reportiug,but the fact that smallpox is raging ina nearby town to Paintsvilie and forfear of the disease spreading to hishome town, which in that event mightresult in a quarantine, he decided tocome to Paris and make the best ofthe time between now and the date setfor reporting in getting himself incondition. Goodman looks the pictureof health and 'states that during thewinter he has taken on about fourteenpounds. As soon as the weather permits he will begin active training andhopes to be in excellent shape whenManager Lewis and the other membersof the team put in their appearance.CURIOUS BITSOF HISTORYA FIRE-FIGHTING INVENTOR.By A. W. MACY.John Lofting, a citizen ofLondon in the latter part of theeighteenth century, had a passion for fighting fires. Thoughnever a member of the fire department, he always respondedto an alarm, and was usuallyone of the first to arrive on thescene. He rendered efficientservice, but would accept nopay. He was a metal worker by trade, and in 1792 he invented a contrivance to protectthe thumb while sewing. Itwas a sort of bell-shaped cup,hence It was called a thumbbell. In the course of time thiswas changed into the moreeuphonious "thimble." The article is now worn on one of thefingers while sewing, instead ofon the thumb as formerly,xnougn. sailors stick to the oldcustom.Will start a bank account here,and start you on the road tosuccess. " -1 .U flgrictilturl Banft of Paris.Capital$100900.00Surplus$650,000.00Protection$265,000.00Baldwin Packing Co. Reorgan' ized.Articles of incorporation of a newconcern known as the Bourbon Packing Co., have been filed with CountyClerk Pearce Paton. The new companywas recently organized for the purposeof taking Jover the property of theBaldwin Packing Company which ceased to operate several months ago andwhose plant was located on the Kentucky Midland Railroad.The company is capitalized at $40,000 divided into four hundred shareswith a par value of $100 each, and allof the stock has been subscribed forby the stockholders comprised theBaldwin Packing Co. Under the newpapers of incorporation the BourbonPacking Co. is to continue businessfor a period of twenty-five years unless sooner dissolved.An agreement signed by the stockholders in the Baldwinl Packing Co.,was filed with the articles of incorporation, and by which they surrenderall bonds and stocks in the old concernin lieu of whicn they 'accept stock inthe new concern at the par value of$100 par share in proportion to theirholdings in the Baldwin Packing Co.The organizers of the new companyare Chas. C. Clark, T. J. Judy, J. A.Larue, C. M. Thomas, C. Arnsparger,M. R. Jacoby. b L. Lapsley, . b P.White, J. N. Steele, W. W. Hall. W.T. Kedmon, J. G. Rndmon, A. P.Adair, John L Soper, W. W. Haley,S. S. Ardery, J. D. JBooth. Jas. H.Haggard, Wm. Shire, uaraes Daugherty, H. A. Power, D. B. Anderson andM. H. Dailey.The stockholders v of the companywill hold a meeting on March 9, atwhich time officers will be elected andplans discussed looking to the openingof the new concern for business.DIAMOND NOTES.Al "Germany Kaiser, formerly ofthe Pari club who belongs to theBoston Clubfis one of the holdouts thisseason, and has so far refused to signwith the Beans.President T. A. Sheets, of the Lexington Base Ball Club announces thatthe deal with President Barney Dreyfuss, of the Pittsburg Club for PitcherKellogg, who pitched the season of1910 with the Lexington Club, ha3been finally completed and Kelloggwill report with the Pirates for springpractice.Lodge News.The Third Rank will he conferredupon three candidates at the meetingof Ratnbone Ledge No. J2, K. of P.,Thursday night.Imperial Encampment, I. 0. Oi F.will have work in the Patriarchial Degree Wednes'day night.Thfl annual election of officers of thelocal lodge of Elks will be held thisevening. A full attendance of themembers is desired.Paris Chapter Nj..167, Order of theEastern Star will hold a meeting atthe Masonic Hall thi3 evening at 7 :3o'clock. All memoers of the order arerequested to be present.All members of "A. J. Lovely Company No. 34, Uniform ;Rank KnightsPythias, are requested to be presentat the meeting this evening. Business of importance.IixTMMC MM M MwaorSAVINGMOTmmTHEY5A1IT TE ACHEvupyrisub jjuv, Dy mo standard Aav. Uo.WHEN you instill into the minds of your children theHABIT OF SAVING, you start them on-the road tosuccess. -You teach them self restraint, and youillustrate the value of money. .With these rudiments therecan be no failure. Do your duty. Start a bank accountfor your children TO-DAY.Un&ted States Depository for PostalSavings.We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accountsmmmuss, mmi DEPOSiTIBANK OF PARIS. ICapita! $100,000Surplus $3Q,000(Copyright, 131V by Joseph B. Bawls.)."Jt7ht-.lis y l5V