if' c-sjo -fcf cTHEON NEWS.4:J-- IA '. srPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARyOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JULY 5, 1912PARIS GREEN!ri"WB KNOW HOW"BOURBSHERWIN-WILLIAMSPARIS GREENIs strictly pure made and kept athighest standard.Is sure death to bugs kills everytime.Is the most satisfactory Paris Greensold today,la uniform in strength and qualityprotects the crops always.Gtt it at our stirt.SIso Arsenate of Lead, Bordeaux Mixture and LimeSulphur Spraying Materials.C. A. DAUGHERTY.f"LOOK!AT THESE CHEAP GROCERIESV16 lbs. Granulated Sugar $ 1 -OOFull quart Karo Syrup 1 Oc8 Bars Lenox Soap 25cPure Hog Lard per lb 1 4cWhite Bacon per lb 12 l-2c2 Cans Good Corn 1 5cPure Cider Vinegar, per gallon. . .-- 30c3 gallons of Coal Oil 35cBLUE RIBBON FLOUR25-lb Sack 80c50-lb Sack $ 1 .601 OO-lb Sack $3.20Honest Weight and QualityGuaranteedT. C. LENIHAN,Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234ffIwwwwwVwwwwWVCot Ps&ss-" --SmMMMMAi hMKm$.N . f .- vXv v "JJiTOLffl) Woodrbw 'Wi'jor? IpfcpyWilson and Marshall To LeadTicket.At Balitmore, Tuesday afternoon,Woodrow Wilson, Governor of NewJersey, was nominated for the Presidency by the Democratic National Convention. The nomination was made onthe forty-sixth ballot. The deadlockthat had prevailed for nearly a weekwas broken when the name of OscarW. Undrwood was withdrawn by Senator Bankhead, of Alabama. Then followed the withdrawal of Foss and thefinal vote, when Senator Stone refusedunanimous consent to making thenomination unanimous after releasingthe C ark delegates. The fortv-sixthballot, which waa a mere formalitv,showed: Wilson 990, Clark 94, Harmon 12, absent 2.After the nomination ot Gov. Wilsonthe convention adjourned at 3:39 p. in.until 9 o'clock.Gov. Thomas R. Marshall, of Indiana, was nominated for Vice Presidentnn the third ballot after the convention reassembled. Others voted lorwere Senator Chamberlain, of Washington, and Gov. Burke, of NorthDakota.Schedule For Week.Paris will be at home the remainderof this week and on Sunday willmeet Mfe. Strling in a double bill.Richmondjwill be the attraction todayand the Lawmakers Saturday. Although Paris lost two games to theColts yesterday they were both finecontests and the local fans shouldgive their support toward sustainingthe good club that now represent thiscity.Five Killed When Dirigible Explodes. Sailing out over the Atlantic oceanunder perfect control and in view ofseveral thousand persons, the ?reat airship Akron, in command of MelvinVaniman, with a crew of four men, exploded when more than a thousand feetin the air early Tuesday and shot downinto the water, a tangled mass, carrying to their death the daring navigatorand his companions. Death is believed to have come instantly to thefive men.f&T$ill)here is nothing nicer, and weknow there is nothing coolerfor Summer wear than a pair ofWhite Serge or White FlannelTrousers.Just the thing to wear with a Blue SergeCoat, Straw Hat and White Low-Cut Shoesthese Summer days. White Buckskin andWhife Duck Shoes for men you will find herein all styles.Soft Silk Pongee Shirts, with collars tomatch, made with soft turn-back Cuffs, WhiteSilk Hose and Wash Ties.Don't suffer with the heat' when you cankeep cool at a small cost. ',' - '"A,JtsIMitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to MenParis, KentuckyElim&yiKAliUUIl:.;wciafe3.fi!i5'5mThe XTRAGOOD LabelMakes Satisfaction Sure.Himm&n?jSailor, Russian and Junior suits, pretty cheviots,worsteds and serges, newest combinations for Springwear, large graceful collars,silk ties, trousers lined.Most artistic designs on themarket, 2 1-2 to 10years $5.00Boys' two-piece doublebreasted and Norfolk suits,plain two-piece suits withfull lined 'knickers ;" alsoNorfolk and " knicker "trousers; new Spring styles,large variety of styles andchecks. A very, popularstyle tor this season, durable serge linings. Allthe style and appearance of much higher-pricedclothing; sizes 7 to 17 years $7.50PR16& &60. GiotmersiH1KW&HPmmSswfillIPmmVfv?.mT&LSJ&CMMMMM.Bourbon Men in New Company.Tr.e Fayette Tobacco WarehouseCompany, the only warehouse in thecitv of Lexington remaining out ofthe combine, has let the contract for aaddition to the present plant whichwill cost approximately $55,000The company wa3 organized in il909and the entire stock in the firm is heldby prominent citizens of Fayette,Woodford, Bourbon and'Scott counties,most of whom are large tobacco growers. The past year's sales by the company aggregated more than 5.000,000pounds.The stockholders in the Favette Tobacco Warehouse ComDany are all wellknown and influential men. Dr. S. H.Haley, ofFayette cuunty is presidentof the firm ; Mr. Chas H. Berryman.vice president and Mr. Clay Goodloe,general manager. The other stockholders are: Messrs. Henry L. Martin.ColonelJohn C. Burrett, Dr. B. F. Parrish and W. E. Simms. of Woodfordcounty; R. B. Hutchcraft, ReubenHutchcraft and Henry S. Caywood, ofBourbon county : Reuben Offutt, ofScott cr t , fand C. H. Berryman,Clay Uunjioe, John Webb, S. H. Halley, Robert Latham and David Reed,of Fayette county.Superintendent Compiles ReportMiss Mabel Bobbins. County Superintendent of School?, of Bourbon county, has compiled her annual report,which she will submit to the StaeSuperintendent, at Frankfort.The report shows that there are2,223 white children outside the cityof Paris of the school aae and 1,391colored. Enrollment, 1,300 white. 833colored. Averaee attendance, 93white, 497 colored. The percentage ofattendance based on the enrollment is64 for white and 59 colored, which isan increase of nearly two percent overlast year.In the private schools of the countvthere are 570 pupils and 36 teachersand the amount of money expendedannualy in maintaining the schools ofthe county amounts to.nearly 130,000.The average cost of teaching a child is$6.13, while the aveaee cost of teaching children who attend school eachaay is over $16.03, being an increase of$4.03 over last vear. The reason forthe increase is that schools this yearwere taught for a full term of ninemonths.There were nineteen graduates fromthe countyBchoolsthe term just closed.!$$$imiiiiiiniiminijjiiiji iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiHuiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiLuiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiimiimuiiiiiiiiirttrB (!UlM PI AA MA MA A Vili lwg tmwm miBEGINS ATFRANK & CO SSaturday, July 6thIf You Want to Save MoneyDon't Fail to Attend This Sale!Every Department Offers Its Share of Bargains and 1You Will Find it Worth While to Come and InspectlOurSpecial Showing.FRANK Sc C., I SParis,KentuckyI ISimiimimMiiTHMiMMMffliiiiitiimmn Ap!IsftftKSKKlSKlllWXaraftftigtm,-s- -;--". "ttXs.rs y - 'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS; KENTUCKY, JULY 5 1912.ni i!Gammmaamm matSMt -R IB I flBHBi GMBUKSSHSh fKSSiiG9HI9HVVHHPl?WIl99HiwBHBHHM'lwiySLet Us Initiate You Into Wearingfjfair ox9 .r-T IM W v XWe Have a Full Line of Graduation Shoes inWhite Buck, White Canvas,Velvets and Dull Leathers.GEO. McWILLIAMS,Phones 3011E3 5i!3-1liiiiii.iMiiii3EgnaaisaiBeainji urn n in 111111111 1 inn mm 11 1 nilI1IIrgetting one,lavi&& !FJ IQi PC? fe Sijytj , jvE. All the Latest Ideas in Ijgi Now On Display mm mjM LWOLLSTHM 3ggi Clothing and Shoe Department. ;psIBMMBMMWMWMWilMiWWMM( .amWamm -B-H------R jBwraRJUKift Wjfy'HJ1'yyfJ5jSc,i:-3fr,, -nn.cw -nnn.lfB ,,MBMMMtfMsa-'--l"Eg!ww"!gg-gtt!g- mi1'11' " agpp g- fWI . Anyone xvho has used .the BEMIS TRANSPLANTER j- .. .I-jSlioeThis is the Place WhereYou Can Get a Pair ofShoes With Every CustomQuality. When You AreFitted in a Pair of OurShoes You Will De Pleasedin Style, Fit and Quality,as We Have a large Lineto Select From.Tlhe Shoe IVBan.iiBKgngamgiUUJjJMim-rijmim mtmAnyone who has used .the BEMIS TRANSPLANTERand then used .another can'appreciate the difference inthe work done. The floating shoe, positive valveaction, all steel frame, and the work done are it&featureGive us your order new so you will,IOBoth? Phones GGuEe.indigeetionSoGoessiolly Treated.-Many euros have been reported.Allittleitablet called "Digestit" hasbeen found to be certain quick relieffor acute indigestion. -Vtany caseshave been reported where instant relief resulted from its use. Brown'sDigestit is the successful treatment forall stomach disorders. It-relievesindigestion instantly and cures dysnepsia. Sold on positive guarantee50c.Should Watch the Dog.A law became effective June 10, thatwill be of interest to motorists in Kentucky, as it makes it possible for nersons having dogs injured by automobilists to institute suit for damages incivil actions against owners of theoffending carh. The bill was backedby the Kentucky Humane bociety,which has sent out word that it willassist anyone having such a claim inprosecuting suits.Dysentery is always serious andoften a dangerous disease, but it canbe cured. Chamberlain's Colic,Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy hascured it even when malignant andepidemic. For sale by all dalers.Changes in. Forest Boundaries.President Taft has just made considerable cnanees in nacionaljforests inMontana, Arizona, Utah, and California through Presidential proclamations modifying the boundry lines. Bythese changes nearly 275,000 acres ofland are eliminated from the forests,about 65,000 acres are add-d, andabout 55,000 acres are tiansfeired between, the two ftiiests while a newforest is created by the division of anold unit into two.The result is to bring down the totalgross, area of the national foresvs toatnut 187,400.000 acres, of which nearly 27,000,000 acres are in Alaska. Toa jonsiderable extent, however, the reductions, as far as land actully ownedby the Government is concerned, areapparent rather than real, owing toheavv alientions in the tracts eliminated. Some 22,000,000 acres of ihenational forest gros? area are not owned bv the Government.The high water mark of the Nation"al forest gross area was reached in1909, when the forest boundaries included over 194,000,000 acres. It wasthen realized, however, that in makingthe examinations on which the Presidential proclamations creating theforests weie based the work had beentoo rapid lo insure in all cases the bestboundaries. Sometimes land whichshould have been included was left out,while at other times land was. taken inwhich was not. best suited to forestpurnoses.Consequently a complete overhaulng and reciti.ication of the "forestboundaries was planned, and has beengoing on ever since. By successiveproclaamtions President Taft has eliminated nearlv 11,000,000 acres, whilehe has added about 4,000,000 acres.If you are a housewife you cannotreasonably hone to be healthy or beautiful by washing dishes, sweeping- anddoinc houswork all day, and crawlinginto bed dead tired at ninht. -Tcumust set out into the open air and sunlight. If you do this every day andkeep your stomachand bowels in goodorder by taking Chamberlain's Tabletswhen needed, you shouid become bothhealthy and beautiful. For sale by alldealers.be , sure ofJ,THE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEstablished 188130 Years of Con. tinuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . ..2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classlADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.Looking to the Farmer.Amid all the turmoil of politics,amid all the noisy speculation of Wallstreet, amid all the warnings of calamity howlers, the'ehief concern is toknow what the farmer is doing andhow the weather has affected thecrons.The press is loaded down with statistics concerning the growth of ourtransportation interests, thesiowth ofour foreign commerce, the extensionot our factories and mines, and theypoint to these developments asjobjectlessons to show what capital is doingfor the country .Back of all this capital and all ofthese industries are the men at workin.the fields, at the looms, in themines, and what we really want toknow is what are these men doing furthe country?At this very moment the news itemof the most importance relates to thecrop conditions throughout the country. During he past three weeks, according to the reports, the crops havebeen making satisfactory progess.The belief is that the July returns asto condition will show a better averagein all the principal crops. Even thewheat crop, now that harvesting hasbegun, is proving better than anticipated. The average cotton cropjis stilldisputed, bul the condition is satisfactory. The country is assured that the agricultural interests .re prosperous andthe investors, the bankers, the merchants and the railroads have a feelingof relief.The great corn crop is yet in adoubtful condition. It is two or threeweeks late in the planting, but heatand moisture during July will fullymake up that drawback.On the whole, at the beginning ofJuly, the country is justified in anticipating harvests, if not up to the maximum in all kinds, at least harvestsabove the average, carrying abundantprosperity to all related interests.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shavego to Buck's barber shop. Three firstjclasp barbers. 13 trSTOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES.Lightning killed two very fineJersey cows for J. R. Letton andJudge Smith Hays in Clark county lastweek.Mrs. Richard T. Lowndes, of Danville, sold last week to Mr. RoswellEldridgp, ot New -York, the two-year-oldchestnut filly Regina Lloyd by KexPeavine, dam ,Lady Mac, by ChesterDare, for one of the largest prices thathas been paid for some years. Theconsideration for trie beautiful marewas $1,000.Winchester Democrat : "Mr. J. W.Rash, of the Wyandotte neighborhood,brought to the city Saturday a freakchicken a few days old, with four welldeveloped legs and four wings. Theynungster is alive and apparently inthe best of health, as it hops about,and seems a" if it will develop into awonderful fowl for speed, both on thewing and on loot."The news comes from the blackberry distiicts that the berries arpriDeninc and the indcations are thatthe scarcity will make them ratherhigh. In years past the same reportshave been sent out with the view ofboosting the price, even when the, berries were abundant. Unless thereis foundation for the report that thebriars were killed by the cold weatherthere has been enough good weatherto produce an exceedingly large crop.OnlynS6 hogsheads of tobacco 'inthe Burley Societv pool of 1909 remainunsold, and as this will be disposed ofthis week the work of preparing forthe division of the remainder of themoney of the pool among the growerswill begin next week, and a full settlement of the entire pool will be madeas soon as the accounts and checks ofthe individual members of the pool canbe made out. Before September 1 allof the members of the pool willprobably have received their money.These were the ccnoluisons reached atameeting of the (Executive Board cfthe Society, held in Lexington. It wasordered that'the unsold tobacco be soldat once on the Louisville and JjCincin-Why HawTUs is the reason why c hat.Sin: fa kcloudy end ualike flying me:Iving messages throu-ih-ut limbsx ?..,.. rt . uitvomaawiU lay tae caus& o. .. re iuu-..f-It i. Is it a bcc&ich's. a backache,woman siiouid t&ice r.ion?.i .rtanci.. Jff v-.--.. -";--- ,,;?vmetier, of the dslicata special organs oi the. sex sbeiiid be eatsd stca-u 2J"' 'Dr. Pierce, -..r:n a 1or period o nrsctice, loxmd that a pre5oript.cn r-'9from mcdiriaal e::.r-c.s cf native rccs,-.vL;.Gy-theusso. dlcohoJ, roheved or vOper ceut. o such cases. After using this rnedy fcr mtivy ers m his prrvais pjnstice he put it u? in fcrni or Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription, tlsa. Troud ai-e iiec-Il prccur-ble, and it can be had et any 2,re -ftbere raedietnea are bandied.Tins. Jiuv. B. ELuvkis, of Zeus, Ya., vritas: ,! I had cecn failing in hr3for two ve-ir mo-t of iho ti-:e was nnz ald attend to my household c-1;I'emaio weal-iic-s was mv trouble zn& I was gosthig very bad but. ihanfo to Age-as.I-iGi-ee's medicines, I am well and strong ac.iin. I wk only three bottles of j RVorite Prescription,' and used tho 'Lotion Tablets.' I ha.o nothing but pra!a 1Doctor Pierce's wonderful mediclaes."TAKE DR. PIERCE'S PLEASANT PELLETS FOR LIVER ILLS.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PJHOKES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.E) Bs3S(fegSSiSS2S3S-3S''i---22SS5y7hy not you join3 .customers and burnNow is the time toDodsoni(2&t0F0tumDerlana telephone ana Celegrapb CompanyINCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon Counts' Exchanges ati Paris, Mill 3 rib urg, Nrl:hRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service."CnmberlandlTelephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporatedSome Good AdviceTo the People.Don't sell your old feathers until you find out the prices, Youcan call us and we will look atyour feather, or if you live inithe counrry send us a sample. Iwill let you know what they areworth. Some old feathers if theyhave been well cared for are asgood as new. We pay marketprice for new feathers.8th Street, PARI?, KY. ,Call East Tenn. Phone 374ii HIM-HHIHII-W.--I main ! mi mi i i immr i-wtti-i-tManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auslGtiEast Tenn. Phoe 669JEkj JL MJMJT .nTI7T3ALL THE-COMFORTS OF HOME.i-!i'fcacnv -jjUAJE3TCMC.'j-.S4 TPrfE. j-. ga?Pgr JT?S---ggt , --aeti gC-S . A 1crtt?ii3 T JMC3w.r-'M3 fvSs(. a?si-5a?t'xmstrr rIJ i O"1 fURfllSdI J. 3Sl.lON 9 X---- .. r?157 I l COPOIR "- J1. VllTi'-'-'TlLLfc(. A waL-ivt lr!: '1 'jrrrS 'fw-e- r-si jn . r - -- . jf4WHPTres?-r?the ms of pain and dbtree-and imc, srrazgaiway, nine m - ; .n -..,-. tj.?et at the ocnnt -where sr? Xt K-- - -. frit-far iria seasat-c c: ar-tabn. . or Mjurcfcthe great army ottry a load.y.Middleto wn, Little? Rock anModern Equipment,4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Saths,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORD-Ioe. G. Mitchell,xJAgainst fire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies. Phone 162Agent.TAT ."DAmmJLJlZlJLJAJXJJLJLtAJL9aJ JL JLi h - m -willInotbe yours unless youhn-J7-k rx-w w v wMajestic Rangein Your Kitchen !C2IsAft& Dentonm eSHOPComein and see them.v Theywr. ttjjv M f T i HB-PMItvisif ' -" - M 14nati marKets. u&r.. r.sAare the best gade.JR i i t iH H 1 H . H & B H 1 CH lH ft 1 H H 1 1 1 1 h Hbe m PHk BPft P" H Sfcore wm be Cibsed IWednesday, Jane 10th, K fHk- 1 H W Wedflssday Jline 10th.to arrange and mark 1 W to arrange and markOUR SEMI-ANNUALCLEAN SWEEPThursday July 11And Continues Until SatudSilk PetticoatsSilk Messaline Petticoats, black and colors, worth 3,Clean Sweep Sale $1.50Silk Messaline Petticoats, $3 50 and $4 value,Clean Sweep Sale $2 95250 Ladies' Gingham House Dresses, shepherd plaid,black and white, blue and white, solid blue,solid gray ; also large plaids, $1.50 and .$2quality ; Clean Sweep 'Sale 9ScO-Salesladies Wanted-;4.itsayf July 20.This Sale is not made of odds and ends, but of Clean, Up-to-Date Merchandise, contributed from every department. We cannot impress upon you too strongly the opportunity here offered for saving of money.0 . oCleaning House in the Millinery Department. Lucky for you we are cleaning house, too, All Hats to beclosed out regardless of price, as we never carry over stock.$Q$$$GQ4iiQ4&4PQ&&Q$Q$ $04Ladies' Ready to Wears.Tailor Suits.Every suit in the house, none reserved in this sale.Suits made from Serges, Whip-cords and men's wear suiting, handsomely lined with satin and peau de cygne. Allup-to-date, first-class material.Ladies' Tailored Suits $15.00 valueClean Sweep Sale $7.50Ladies' Tailored Suits $20.00 vrluesClean Sweep Sale $9.98Tailored Suits, values up to $27.50Clean Sweep Sale $ 1 4.7:3Tailored Suits, values up to $30.00 and $35.00Clean Sweep Sale $18,75Ladies' Tailored Skirts.Skirts in black and colors, good models $6.50 to $8.50values, Clean Sweep Sale $3.95Skirts in Black, Blue and Mannish Mixlures, good selection values, $10 to $12. Clean Sweep Sale . $6.851 Wash Skirts.Natural color linen and white cotton corduroy, worth$2.00. Clean Sweep Sale 95cNatural color and white linen, worth $1.00. -CleanSweep Sale ..49cStylish Dresses.Our entire stock of this season's dresses included inthis great money saving sale. Lingerie, silk, linen andcotton corduroy nicely trimmed and well tailored. By farthe choicest collection of pretty summer dresses to befound anywhere.Fine summer lingerie linen and white corduroy $6.50and $7.50; Clean Sweep Sale $4.39Linen at lingerie dresses, $9.50 and $10.00 valuesClean sweep Sale $6.50Silk, linen and lingerie dresses, $12.50 valuesClean Sweep Sale $8.98Coats.Ladies' $7.50 linen coats; Clean Sweep Sale $3.98This Sale is for Cash Only.Ons lot of children's linen dresses -slightly soiledcivoc RtnU vwrz. rano-insr in nrice from $1.50 toJ1.6dJ J KS .!-.. J w---j 1 - . p 4ZtJC EIel-nLadies' Lawn and Lingerie Waists, lace and embroidery trimmed, $1.50 values, Clean Sweep Sale. . . .9ScOne lot of Messaline Taffeta Voiles, at greatly reduced prices during the Clean Sweep Sale.Muslin UnderwearLadies' Cambric Corset Covers, worth 25c.Clean Sweep Sale 124cLadies' Corset Covers, worth 35c,Clean Sweep Sale 21cLadies' Corset Covers, worth 50c, 'Clean Sweep Sale 39cLadies' Corset Covers, worth 75c; Clean Sweep Sale. . . .59cLadies' Corset Covers, worth $1 ; Clean Sweep Sale 79cLadies' Gowns, worth 75c ; Clean Sweep Sale 59cLadies' Gowns, worth 1.50, Clean Sweep Sale 9ScLadies' Musliu Skirts, worth .$1.50,Clean Sweep Sale 98cLadies' Muslin Skirts, worth 2,Clean sweep sale $1.48Ladies' Muslin Skirts, worth 3, -Clean sweep sale . '. . $2.25Ladies' Muslin Drawers, worth 25c,Clean sweep sale 19cLadies' Muslin Drawers, worth 50c,Cleau sweep sale x 39cLadies' Muslin Drawers, worth 75c.Clean sweep sale 59cDressing SacquesLadies' 50c Dressing Sacques ; Clean sweep sale 39c$2.00, to be sold out at,Lonsdale Green Ticket; Clean Sweep Sale 7 l-2cHope Muslin ; Clean Sweep Sale .. 7 l-2cSheets, 72x90, with seam, 50c quality:Clean Sweep Sale 35cSheets, seamless, worth 75c; Clean Sweep' Sale 59cSheets, seamless, worth $1; Clean Sweep Sale 79cPillow cases, worth 15c each; Clean Sweep Sale lieDuring the Clean Sweep Sale from 9 to 10 a. m.,and 2 to 3 p. m., each day, we vill sell 5c Lawns at2 l-2c per yard. 10 yards to. each customer.2750 yards Lawn,10c quality ;Clean Sweep Sale 7 l-2c1767 yards Dress Gingham, 12 l-2c quality;Clean Sweep Sale 9c2450 yards Dress Ginghams, 15c duality;Clean Sweep Sale ." lie369 yards Diagonal English Suiting, 25c quality;Clean Sweep Sale t 15cCorsets.One lot of broken sizes of Warner's Rustproof CorsetsRegular $1.50, $2.00, $2.50 and $3.00 corsetsClean Sweep Sale 9Sc, Lace Curtains.150 pair lace curtains, worth SI. 25;Clean sweep sale 98c175 pairs lace curtains, worth $2, Clean sweep sale.. $1.48250 pairs lace curtains, worth $2.50 Clean sweep sale.$1.98175 pairs lace curtains, worth $3; Clean sweep sale.. $2. 48115 pairs lace curtains, worth $3.50; Clean sweep sale. $2. 98165 pairs lace curtains, worth $4; Clean sweep sale... $3.25135 pairs lace curtains, worth $5; Clean sweep sale... $3. 98No telephone orders taken nor goods sent outon approval during the Clean Sweep Sale.Lrli iiV-o - -.'t:I!!iITHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 5 1912.WW ibbbbbbb LLLLH LbLLH bbbbbbbbbLbV iLLbH bLLbV' .bbbbbbbbbbLbV bLbLB .sbbbbbLv bLbbbHbbbbbbLVEBBeamsHonday,July 8, and Continues 2H Cs V ltvWeeksWill Include in This Sale Nice, Clean, TJp-to-Date MerchandiseAT A TREMENDOUS REDUCTIONAll Our New Tailored and Embroidered SHIRT WAISTS.UNDER MUSLINS--Our Entire Stock, including Japanese Embroidered Garments.TABLE LINENS AND NAPKINS--The Largest and Finest Line We Have Ever Shown.. . . . Don't Tail to Get dome of Our SILK Bargains . . .Hosiery, Knit Underwear, Laces, Embroideries, Counterpanes, Umbrellas, White Goods, Wah Goods,Lace Curtains, Notions and Small Wares, Art Pieces, &c, &c.We Have Cut Prices Deeper Than Ever Before, Because We Have Bigger Stocks to Reduce.Get in on Some of These Bargains Remember the Dates.W. ED. TUCKERThe Progressive Storem$1.00Will . start a Bank Account here andstart you on the road to Success.Rural Carriers Hold Annual Session.The sixth annual convention of theKentucky Rural Letter Carriers' Association convenedfat the court house,J in this city, Wednesday.i The meeting was called to order at 1j o'cluck, p. m., by the president, Mr.I J. T. Khorer. of Wilmore. Invocationby Mr. Edward f Bennett. This wasfollowed by the roll call of officers andthe reading of the minutes.This association is composed ofcounty organizations, of which thereare seven in the State, with a membership of 63.The President appointed the following committees:Credentials Edward Bennett, K D.Murrell, S. M. Mosley.Resolutions J. W. Wood. A. M.Collins, J. Q. Vandever.M Auditing E. D. Muneli, B. Y.Rhorer, J. K. Page.Mileage and Per Diem Edward Bennett, E. B. Murrell.1. Resolved, That we request thePostoffice Department to issue anorder that patrons shall stamp theirmail, except in extreme cases ofemergency.2. Resolved, That since Postmastersand carriers are not allowed to furnishlist of their patrons, yet all "Mailuraer nouses an secure such ists.entertainment and especially to Mr. JoeFarris, Jailer, for his kind servicesrendered and use of court hou3e duringour stay.The following officers wpre electedfor the ensuing year: A.M. Collins,President, Livia, Kv. ; H. P. Feat,Vice President. Harrodsburg, Ky. ;Louis M. Cook. Secretary-Treasurer,Nicholasville, Ky.DEATHS.INGELS.JohnsonOverGets DecisionFlvnn.Jack Johnson still retains the titleof heavyweight champion of the world,for on .veterday afternoon at LasVegas, N. M., he was awarded thedecision over Jim Flynn, the Pueblo.Col., firemai., fier nine rounds ofj rudling- fig' tis, on the cLim ofJohnson of a foul.Referee EJ. Smith gave the decisionto the black pugilist after repeatedcomplaints entered by Johnson of thewhite man 'butting." IFrom the first it was apparent thatFlynn was more of a match for the :1 black pugilist than Jim Jefferies two!1 yes s aco. The white man ctntered 'into 1Mr. Wilson Ingels, aged about 72years, died suddenly at his home onFifteenth street, Wednesday evening,about 6 o'clock.Mr. Ingels was cne of the oldest citizen in Paris, and has lived here allhis life, being a member ot an old anarepresentative family, who for manyyears have been identified with the lifeof the community.Last winter Mr. Ingels' health began to decline, but later he seemed to, improve, and Wednesday morning ap-peared to be in his usual health, chatj ting pleasantly with his neighborsabrul the political pituaton. Abouti noon he went into the house and comi plained to his daughter of feeling ill,! Olliinrr hia Uanr knrf Cdo m r. r, .,,-,: 4-"".'i'i6 ijio iicau iiuiii, one WU3 ttSH-L-ing him to lie down when he fell overunconcsious. Medical aid was hastilysummoned, but he never regainedconsciousness and died a few minutesalter 6 o'clock, death being due tour amic poisonine.ivir. ingeis is surviva oy onehi? fcrce in Doundincr the nppins-ibn ission bv reneateri blows in the ! ler- iss anme ingels, of this city.fctuniacn and kidnevs. In tne firt four wn0 1S a member of the faculty ofrou'i s Johnson had the best of the!CaldweJ1 College, Danville, and oneb.!t! . landing frequenth oi. lire lace ?n' Vlr- James Incels, 01 ChicagoMATRIMONIAL.SNELL WALLINGFURD.ana head,riynn worked thebutting game in Iwhich are very incorrect, therefore we! the clincnes. Ihe sixth, seventh andH igriculturl Bank of Paris.-Capital Surplus ProtectionS 1 00,00.00 $67,500.00 $267,500.00Cyclist Chased by Lions.Two motor cyclists, Mr. and Mrs.M&cdonald, the former a magistrateat Mzlmba, while returning from theZomba (Central Africa) coronationceremonies, were chased for fiveaules by two lions, which showed noler of the noise made by the engines,aad galloped after the motor cyclistswith evident determination to kilithem.The lions were finally outdistanced,smd the' riders, suffering greatly fromerrous strain, reached their home infety. Livingstonia News.v Greeks Practiced Palmistry.Palmistry was practiced by the anGreeks.Expensive Soda Water.The highest price ever paid for abottle of soda water was given inLondon recently when one that wasa relic from the wreck of the RoyalGeorge was auctioned off and brought$134. The Royal George went downin 1782, which made the soda water120 years old. Two-thirds of theliquid remained in the battle, the inside of which was discolored andthickly incrusted with sea salt. Thebottle was of the same shape asthose used for aerated water at thepresent time, but the glass was of adeeper green and slightly heavier.Soda water was invented in 1767, andthe relic was bought by a soda water manufacturer for advertising purposes.re quest the Fostoftice Department to Irequire all persons or firms to submit;their mailing Jists to the .Postmastersand carriers for correction.3. Uesolved, That we heartilythank the Postoffice Department fortransmitting the resolutions ot.the lastNational Convention of the carriers tothe house posteffice committee, andrespectfully reauest that they continueto do so, and ask the carriers to soconaucc inemseives as to merit such Italy inletuguiuun at me nanus 01 tne aepart- formenui 4. Resolved. That we mav hP frppto communicate to our Congressmanon any subject.5. ReBolved, That we extend ourthankB to our many, friends in Congress, and especially the PostofficeCommittee of the House, for theirkind consideration of the RuralCarriers.6. Resolved, That we express ourthanks to W. D. Brown in behalf ofthe carrier body for his efforts in ourbehalf, and we would like to see eveiycarrier take the R. b D. -News."7. Resolved, That all carriers whocarry locked pouch mail to intermediate pastoffi e; on their lojtes be paidthe same.8. .Resolvd, That we are in favor ofour county officials adopting somemethod of improving the roads tomake them more substantial during allseasons of the year.9. Resolved, That we are in favorof Federal aid on post roads.10. Resolved, That we endorse thefollowing legislation as before Congress now : Postoffice. bill, carryingwith it a pre v sion to expend $15 520and $25 per mile en the rural route outof the public funds.11. Resolved, That the Departmentrequire all boxes to be situated conveniently and of uniform height.M2. Resolved, That we indorse allLegislation of the Kentucky Legislature's Jast session on the Good Roadsquestion.'13. Resolved, That we extend ourthanks to the citizens of Paris fortheir kind,and courteous treatment nnHeighth rounds were in Flvnn'sand he crowded the smol. to thfrequently landing h...vstomach of the negro. In th.Q ninthand final round he forced hirn to theropes and was pounding vigorouslywhen the referee stooped the fight.favor, ic nnoa 1.. "" I nhnrnhfill f.hP -MH.lI,OH Prom Grape Stones,Grape stones yield an oil similarto those of the olive. They are used inthe manufacture of soap andlubricating and lighting. Francealone, it is estimated, could yield from8,000,000 to 10,000,000 gallons of thiioil per annum.Island of Walcheren.It Is quite worth while to stay a fewdays at Flushing, when landing fromEngland, thoroughly to Inspect the island of Walcheren. The island itself(says the "Autocar") is a most beautiful corner of Holland, possesses twoimportant towns, well worth seeing,and is particularly rich in costume,unfortunately dying out in so manyparts of the country. Some parts ofFlushing are very old, as it "was astrongly fortified port in days goneby the headquarters of the Dutchfleet. , It was from this town thatAdmiral de Ruyter, a native of Flushing, defeated the English fleet off theThames in -1667, and advanced up theTwo brothers, Mr. Ben Ingels. of Lexington, and Mr. Boone Inerels. of Car-I lisle, also survie him. and a numherof other relatives. The deceased wasa staunch member of the Christianand was in his accustomedplace last Sundav morning.Ihe funeral will be held this afternoon at the residence, conducted byRev. W. E. Ellis, assisted by Rev. F.J. Cheek. Burial in Paris cemetery.The pall-bearers will be : D. L. Redmon. W. A. Wallen. Dr. D. S. Henry.W. C. Uodson, Jaynes Savage and B.R. Adcock., BEDFORD.A telegram was received in ParisTuesday announcing: the suddendeath of Mr. Hillary Bedford, at Eobart, Oklahoma, where he has madehis home for a number of years.Mr. Bedford, who was a native ofBourbon county, went West severalyears ago. He was a bachelor, and ason of the late Benjamin F. andEllen Buckner Bedford, who residedat their farm on the Winchester pike.Deceased was born Auerust 15. 1835.and for years resided with his brotherthe late A. H. Bedford, who onceowned the farm on the Lexingtonpike now the property of Mr. J. H.Thompson.Mr. Bedford has a number of relatives living in Paris and Bourboncounty. It is not known whether ornot the body will be brought to Parisfor burial.Miss Vertna Snell, of this county,and Mr. Win. Wallingford, of Louisville, were united in marriage at theresidence of the officiating minister.Rev. W. E. Ellis, in this city, Tuesdav afternoon at 2:30 o'clock.The wedding was very auiet. Theywere aesomDanied by the bride's sister.Miss Mary Frederica Snell, and thebridegroom's brother, Mr. Ira Wallingford. onlv members of the two families being present.The bride was attired in-a travelingsuit of blue with hat to match and carrried white sweet peas, while her sister wore her graduating dress of whitemarquisette with picture hat and carried pink sweet peas.The bride is the oldest daughter ofMr. and Mrs. William Snell. who recently moved to Bourbon county fromLexington and has a host of friendswho will be surprised to hear of hermarriage.Thf hrirlpurnnm ic iha crtn -? TVf .. Taaucn-,j. Wallineford. formerlv of Flpmincrcounty, End is a young man uf sterlingwenh. being an architect and is verymuch adm.ired by all who know him.Immediately after the wedding thebride and groom left for Louisville,where they ware given a reception bvMr. Vallingford's Darents. They willgo to housekeeping in a bungalow onCrescent Hill, Louisville, which hasjust been completFd for the bride.A marriage license was issuedWednesday to Mrs. Georgia Monsonand Mr. J. W. Kimball.He Agreed."What you need," said the wordymedic in his ponderous way, "is anenlargement of your daily round, awider circle of activity." "Mebbythat's right," said the patient 'T'ma bareback rider in a one-ring circug."Cleveland Plain Dealer.Keeps Him Changing."A Mormon must have to be a lightning change artist""In what way?""It must be something of ahave the right wife's picturewatch every time."Job toin MaTwo Hostile Empires. -Everywherethe human soul standsinevitable Result"I am surprised to hear that Dubbleigh has broken down," said Stubbs."He used to have a "splendid constitution." "Yes," said Wiggletrope, "buthe began amending it" Harper'sWeekly.perate panic among its inhabitants. ! I?, 11? !Phere ?Pght and .The Dutch people are very proud of 'tneir aamirai, ana possess almost asmany statues and pictures of him aswe do of Nelson. The country is purely agricultural, and as the farmers goin for dairy farming a good deal, onesees numbers of spotlessly clean blackand white cows everywhere, generallyleft in charge of a small boy, or twoor three little girls in charming whitecaps, and quaint, much gathered blackfrocks.otner or darkness; on the confines oftwo everlasting hostile empires, Necessity and Freewill. Carlyle.Genius Simply Concentration.If there be anything that can becalled genius, it consists chiefly inability to give that attention to a subject which keeps it steadily in themind, till we have surveyed it accurately on all sides. Reid.Trouble Heiresses Have."We heiresses have many rivals forour hands." "Yes," replied MissCayenne, "you must feel as if thepathway of life were filled with pocketbook snatchers."Mods! Husband.Our ideal of a model married man iaone who would rather cut out a midnight supper than to miss working inthe garden before breakfast Galveaton News.'. t iti7 -v.? 'v-.-1-i-.wTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 5, 1912.f Jffi BOURBON NEWS.Ci&pmJwrSALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGDEMOCRATIC TICKET.For Prpsident,HON WOOUROW WILSON,i-f New Jersey.For Vice-President;HON. THOS. R.MARSHALL,of Indiana.For Congress,HON. J. CAMPBELL CANTRlLL,of Scott county.Meeting of C. W. B. M.There will be a meeting of the C.VY. B. M., Friday., at 2:45 o'clock, p.ra., in the parlor of the Methodistchurch.Ice Cream Supper."The King's Builders." the juniormissionary society of the Little RockChristian church, will serve ice creamat Evans store, Saturday, July 6, from4 to 9 o'clock p. m. Admission 15cents.Typewriter Supplies.Carter's Ideal Carbon Paper, Carbon Ribbons for all kinds of Typewriters and Typewri er Supolies.PARIS BOOK STORE.Real Estate Sales.J. W. King, of the Paris tire department, sold to Mrs. Laura Lair a lot inDoyle Addition, on High Street, for$500. Mrs. Lair will erect a cottageon her purchase.Grover Baldwin purchased of Mrs.Candace Smith a vacant lot on Higgins Avenue at a private price. Mr.Baldwin will at once begin tne erection of a residence.Notice to the Public.Cut the weeds on your premises.They are ucs.ghtly and hiding placesfor dead dogs, cats, fowls, etc. Thisnotice will appear for one week only.Don't say you oidn't see this notice,we know you did. Just get busy andremove this objectionable bturf.A. H. KELLER.2-2b City Health Officer.Reduction of Telegraoh Rates.The Postal Telegraph Company hasnotified its local manager Mr. V. K.Phillips, that effective July 1, telegraph rates lrom Paiis t.. a numberof points, iocludmgKnuxville, Tenn.,Columbus, Ohic, Indianapolis, Ind.,and other important points in 'I ennessee, Indiana, Ohio and Wet Virginia, have been reduced from fortycents for ten words to thirty cents.The rate for all words in excess often has been reduced from three centsto two cents per word.For Sale.Kitchen Cabinets $9.75 ud to $27.50.A. F. WHEELER & CO.Auction Sale.We will conduct an auction sale atthe Kiely building on Main street Saturday, July 6,. Gents' and ladies'shoes.bedspreacs, crtains. suspenders,umbrellas and many other things, allnew, at your own price. Come earlyfor bargains.HARRIS & SPEAKES.Buy Out Lexington Laundry.Mr. M. H. H. Davis, of this city,closed a deal yesterday morning bywhich he becomes the owner of theWright Laundry, in Lexington. Tnepurchase was made from the ownersof the nlant, Messrs. W. H. and T. M.Funk, the latter a partner of Mr.Davis in the firm of Davis & Funk,proprietors of the Bourbon Laundry inthis citv. The price Daid was private.Mr. Davis will give the managementof the laundry in Lexington his personal supervison, but will continue to reside in Paris, where he will letain hisinterest in the local concern which willbe in charge of Mr. Funk.Mr. Davis will go to Lexington eachmorning on the interurban car, returning to his home in this city each night.For Preserving.Pineanples for preserving. Theyare cheap. Call onC. P. COOK & CO.Refrigerators; Lawn and PorchFurniture.See my immene stock of refrigerators ; every size and of best makes.My assortment cf lawn and porchfurniture is unequalled. A splendidline of rugs, carpets and wall paper toselect from. Call and look them over.Prices most reasonable.J. T. HINTON.Three Injured Near Millersburg.While returning frjm the funeral ofMr. R. T. Chanlor, about 5 o'clocK,Tuesday afternoon, near Millersburg,Mr. R. T. Chanslor, Misss Florenceand Lillian Chanslor were thrownfrom a buggy and painfully injuredwhen their horse became frightened atan automobile. When the horse became frightened, the young ladies accompanied by Mr. J.JB. Jefferso-, ofMaysviile, were compelled to arivebetween the automobile and a deliverywagon. The buggy collided with thewagon and the occupants were thrownto the ground. They were picked upand taken to the omce oi ur. v. .Huffman, where their injuries wereattended. They were taken to theirhorre--. Miss Lillian Chanslor sustaineda broken wrist and a sprained rightarm, while Miss Florence Chanslorwas cut on the chin and also about theback of the head and neck. One toothwas knocked out. Mr. Jefferson wasscratched, but not otherwise injured.Refrigerators.Get the new Iceberg refrigeratorsold by:tfA. F. WHEELER & CO.PERSONAL MENTION J "'Miss Corinne Cojlins is visiting in jMaysviile.Mr. J.sBJ.NorthcoEt is quite ill athis home in this city.Judge and Mrs. R. L. Stouthavegone to Chautauqua, N. Y,Miss Hettie Talbott, of Winchester, is visiting relatives in thia county.Mrs. W. TT. FisVipr fins rptnrnpH inLexington after a visit to friend in thiscity.Mrs. "Ella Joplin, of Mt. Vernon, Iistieouesfcof her sister. Mrs. W. T 'Brooks.Misses Wellington SmithDaisy Houston leave today for aandin Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence Dicker-son continue quite ill at their home Ion Tenth street.Miss Sallie V. Heathman, of thiscity, is the guest of Miss Hattie Million, in Richmond.Miss Mae Ecton, of Winchester, isthe guest of her aunt, Mrs. David Taylor, near this city.Mrs. A. W. Cottingham is visitingfriends and relatives in Sunman andLawrenceburg, Ind.Mrs. Mollie Barlow has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. Anne E. Thompson, in Georgetown.-Mrs. Jos Farris has returned home Iafter a visit to Mrs. O. P. "Wallingford, in Oynthiana.Miss Julia Frank has le turned toher home in Louisville after a visit torelatives in this city.Miss'Georgia Lackey has returnedto her home in Richmond after a visitto Mrs. Ihomas Best.Mrs. S. Lilleston and daughter,Miss Laura Lilleston. are visiting relatives in New Paris, Mo.Mrs. J. J. Ellis, who has been theguest or Mrs. Orie Howard, in Cynthiana, has returned home.Mrs. Thomas Roberts and son, andMiss Bessie Mclntyre. have returnedfrom a week's visit in Cincinnati.Misses Joe and Margaret Davis,of Lexington, are guests of their aunt,Miss Anna.Mae Davis, in this city.Mr. Bruce Miller returned Wednesday from Baltimore, where he attended the National Democratic Convention. Mrs. "George Ellis and niece, MissFlorence Ellis, and Miss Mary Rummans, are visiting Mrs. Jessie Worthington, in Maysviile.Mrs. C. C. Cleveland has returned to he.i home near this city after avisit to her mother. Mrs. MargaretCook, in Cynthiana.Mr. Chas. Bashford and wife ofDavenport, la.,' will arrive this weekfor a visit to his mother, Mrs. SallieBashford, in this city.Miss Laura Graddy, of Lexington,Mo., and Miss Lena Graves, of Veisailltfs, are guests of Mrs. CharltonAlexander, at "Pinehurst."Mrs. Thcmas Helm Clay entertaiued a number of her lady friendsvith an elegant dinner Wednesday ather home on Eight street.Miss Elizabeth Yerkes left Tuesday morning to join a house partywhich is being given by Miss LucyClay Woodford in Mt. Sterling.Mr. and- Mrs. Mussinonentertain-!ed Thursday with a dinner at thePhoenix Hotel, in Lexington, for MissBirdie Wolistein and Mr. DavidBachrach.Mr. and Mrs. Bock way have returned to their home in Huntington,W. Val, after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Chas. Ball and Mrs. Rebecca Freeman,near Paris.Mr. David Bachrach, whose marriage to Miss Birdie Woolstein will becelebrated next Wednesday at highnoon, arrived from Muskogee, Uklahoma, Monday night.Mis. Anna Hutchcraft received atelegramL1uesdayannouncing the serious illness of Mrs." Leon Bell, formerlyMiss Nita Hudson, of Pans, at her jhome in Louisville.Mrs. Edward Turner entertained iwith an elegant luncheon Wednesday jat her home on the Clintonvillp Dike.After luncheon the guests played fivehundred. About forty ladies enjoyedthe bountiful hosoitality for whichMrs, Turner is famous, and the daywas thoioughly enjoyed.Miss Mabel Petree entertained themembers of the Christian EndeavorSociety Tuesday evening at the apartments of her aunt. Dr. Martha Petree.The guests of honor were Miss EthelLair andMr. Houston Rion, who areto be married next Tuesday, and bothof whom arc active workers in thesociety. A beautiful silver cake dishwas presented them by " the membersand refreshments of raspberry ice andindividual cake were served.Mrs. Jas. McClure, Mrs. C. O.Hinton and Mrs. White Varden werehostesses to an elaborate t five-o'clocktea Wednesday afternoon at the homeof Mrs. McClure, on Vine street. Inthe receiving line, whichwa8 in f theparlor, were Mrs. McClure, Mrs. Hinton, Mrs. Varden, Mrs. Whitehead,Mrs. Eginton, of New York, MissWinn, Mrs. Morrow, and Mrs. i.RufusLisle. In the hall the guests wereserved with delicious and refreshingmint by Miss Lisle and Miss Owens.A profusion of garden flowers, broughtby friends to thejiostess, gavH an added touch of beauty to the spaciousrooms. A delicious meat course withan oe and coffee course was served atthe small tables tin the dining roomand living room. Assisting in entertaining and receiving were Mrs. J. T.Van anf, Mrs. W. O. Hinton, Mrs. J. ,Frank Clay, Mrs. F. P. Lowry, MissMaryBasnford, Miss Bertha Hinton,M:ss Elizabth'Steele, Miss Sallie Lockhart. Mrs. John Davis, Mrs. Carl Wilmoth, Mrs. Woodford Spears, MissMary Fithian Hutchcraft and Miss Allene Power. Music wrfs furnished bya string orchestra in the upper hall.Altogether this was one of the mostcharming of the mid-summer socialfunctions that has been given. Littlesilk flagsjwere presented to the guestsas souvenirs.Mrs. Jerry Turner, and -Mrs. Hat-tie Smith, two former residents ofParis, have arrived from Seattle,Wash., and are the guests of Mrs.Kittie Owens, on South Main street.Miss Willie T. Summers is visitingin Carrollton, Ky.Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Harris werevisitors in Cincinnati Tuesdav.Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Dale.,ington, are guests of Mr. andof CovMrs. L.'D. Harris.Mr. C. J. McLear remains criti-callv ill at hisapartments in the Rutlneei rsu'iaing., T W. C. T. U. will meet withMrs. Win. Myau, ac ner reisaence,Monday, at 2 o'clock.Mrs. George Coleman Schwartz.vj3it.of Muskoge, Oklahoma, is visiting herlatner, Mr. rl. Margoien.Miss Marie Talbott entertained afew of her young friends at her homein the country Wednesday evening.Mrs. Julia Frank and daughter,Miss Carrie Frank,Chautauqna, N. Y.,stay.left yesterday forfor a protractedMiss Ruth Myall, of Liberty, Mo.,arrived yesterdav to be the guest ofMr. and Mrs. Wm. Mvall for a fewI days.Mrs. Sidney G. Clay entertainedwith a six o'clock dinner Wednesday,for her guest, Mis. Rose, of New York.Ihose nresent were Mr. and Mrs.Charltcn Alexander, Mr. and Mrs.Durand Whipple, Mrs.Rose, Mr. andMrs. Jas. H. Thompson, Mr. Jas. H.Thompson, Jr.. and Miss Sallie Daniel.Lump Causes Small Blaze.The fire department was called outabout 10:30 o'clock. Wednesday night toextinguish a fire in thejMton building,on Main street, opposite the FordhamHotel, which had started from a lampoverturning in the room occupied byBruce Huddleston. Mr. Hnddlestunfought the flames before the arrival ofthe department, and about had the fireextinguished before they arrived. Thedamage was slight.Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.Alamo Program,The following is the program for theweek of July S:MONDAY A Citizen in Making,(Selig). Darby and Joan, (Lubin).TUESDAY A Railroad Engineer,(Lubin). A Close Call, (Biograph).Helen's Marriage, (Biograph). SingLee and Bad Man, (Pathe).WEDNESDAY A Western Legacy,(Essanay). Rivals, (Selig). HerBrother Convict, (Kalem).THURSDAY Fighting Dan McOool, (Kalem). A Good Catch,(Essanay). All is Fair, (Melies).FRIDAY When Kings Were Law,(Biograph). 'Tis Mother, (Pathe).Diamond Cut Diamond, (Vitagraph).SATURDAY Girl With The Lantern, (Selig). Dream of LobsterFiend, (Lubin.) The Prospector'sSweetheart, (Pathe). The SpongeIndustry, (Lubin).Wanted.To get in touch immediately with ayoung man, coilsge student preferred,in connection with Four States Tourpublicity. Here's work for all summerif you want it. Address, statingqualifications, ALLEIN S. MOODY,224 Saks B'l'd'g.Indianapolis, Ind.FOR SALE.Twenty Buff Orphington Hens.J. T. DOTY."Roxie" Davis !Cbe Insurance Agent' Life, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137ManyYearsExperienceWith a reputation based upontwenty-five years of successfulbanking experience theThe Bourbon Bank andTrust Co.Paris, Kentucky,has amended its charter so as tobe able to act as Executor or Administrator of Estatesas Guardianor Trustee and any other fiduciarycapacity.With ample capital and surplusand long experience, its TrustDepartment is eminently qualifiedto render efficient service.IBourbon Bank 4 Trust1 Paris, Ky.Co.,Capital andk Surplus $146,000.003 per cent, paid on Time DepositsiRELIGIOUS.Sprvices. at the BaDtist churchSunday morning at 10 45. Union ser-J vices at night. Sundav school at usualhour.A large tabernacle is to be erectedat once near White Chimneys, northof Carlisle, by the congregation wherethe Rev. Robert M. Reynolds, of Mt.Sterling, has been conducting a tentrevival. A congregation has been organized and money is being raised tobegin the erection of the church atonce.-Communion services at the Presbyterian church, Sunday morning, at10:30 o'clock.- 1 cm artery servicesSaturday afternoon nc 3:00 'o'clock.No services Sunday nisht.The union meetings for the summerwill begin wirh the services at theBaptist church Sundav nicrht. Rfjv.Dr. B. M. Shive, of the Presbyterianchurch, will preach. 'Protectyourgrowingto-dpc-" T'rn nail insurancfi.T,THOMAS & WOODFORD.Boots, Oxfords and Pumps.Plenty of white Newbuck boots forladies, Mso oxfords and pumps, nowon ssla at FelJs' Shoe Store. tfWITH YOUhxiAlrand'sIhe xtay hecS tell1? hTrTAKE A 1IffliijmHEHff0the largest2T wrSillijliIn the NistorijBegins ony,mAnd Continuesn-n'f- FiaSl --. ez in09MSoiidaBarsrains.W. Ed9&!Fee's Special16 lbs. Standard Granulated Sugar $ 1 .OOChase & Sauborne Special Coffee, per lb 30cC. & S. Bonita Tea (G. P.) per 1-2 lb 35cC. & S, Nassac Tea (G. P.) per 1-2 lb 40cQuart Mason Jars, per doz 59cPint Mason Jars, per doz 49cJell 0 Ice Cream Powder, box 1 Oc3 lb, Can Golden State Peaches, each 15c3 lb. Can Golden State Apricots, each 1 5cStone's Wrapped Cakes.Raisin, Mephisto, Silver Slice, Golden Sun Beamand Sliced, each 1 OcFee's Grocery Co.WJ9ea r flmy;-When a woman has a handsomely furnishedhome, she Li fAee and independent from he"cAiiciAm4" of hoAe xtho come o heA ho-uie.She can fee that she i.4 Socially fAee,, ircca-uA-eAhe can ask anvone to come to See her TiterIraAineA Akeeps -upyoxt, Q.myStandina, too, ishis home.it payS faAcosts to have yoiiA home lookina p resentalle.Qs(P. S.-cJell yo-aA fAiends to aain freedomina neur f-aAnitxire fAomJ. T. Hintonof Our BusinessIJcily 8,Two Weeks.rtn c:nn-. -.. 18ISfTucker I! BOBJ' JM&k "-&WJ.-VJrudaed bymoAe than iteve r, JCoxtJb-au-r, i ." v, - -,5. t912THE BOPiaroFP NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JWIIf11MProfessional CardsV j. whxiIams,J . ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Xoom 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.I E T 136Office Phones H-omel3'G. , ( E. T. 334.Residence j Home 331.DR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyHot and ColdBATHSHot and cold baths. 7"Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.Drink SPARKLINGn&psoi, r""r,w VRE6. SHealthful and RefreshingAt all Founts ancTKin Bottles. " V5cBottled ByPARIS BOTTLING COAUTO FOR HIRESpecial attention given toparties desiring to hire automobiles. Call on us forpricesTRANSFER...,Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Livery, Feed and Sales Stable.Eighth Street Both Phones.MANYEDUCATORSMEETKENTUCKY EDUCATIONAL ACSOCIATION HAVE GREAT GATHERING IN LOUISVILLE.Attendance Is Three Times ThatPrevious Year MembershipGreatly Increased.ofARMY BILL IS PASSEDAMENDMENTS AFFECTING THEGENERAL STAFF OMITTED.Some Members Think Bill IsObjectionable to the Pres.ident.StilDR. DOLLE'SMESSAGE TOYOU CAN BE CURED BYMENb - ?eRrliiB 'DE. 0. L. DOLLE."Why Take Treatment That Is Doing TonKo Good, When a Few Days under the careof Dr. Delle Will Show You How Easy ItIs to Cure These Diseases When the ProperTreatment Is Administered' Have you treated for months and years, and"been disappointed until you think that you cannot be cured? You, no doubt, all this time havebeen treated by inexperienced doctors who hadneither sufficient knowledge nor experience toinow how to cure you.These are the diseases of which I havecured so many, justly piving me the reputation'f or cures of which I am so proud,t Blood Diseases, Skin DiseasesI will give you treatment that will in a fewdays cure all rash, spots and every sign andsymptom. My treatment gets the poison out of,the system instead of driving it in like ordinarytreatments. I care blood diseases and skin disease so they cannot come back.Varicocele,, causing aching or pain ingroin or back, Nervousness, "Weakness,Iioss of Vitality, Lack of AmbitionMy one-treatment cure is what you shouldhave and what you w.ill have to have to be curedright. Only one visit is required. I do no cutting and you suffer no pain nor trouble. Allsigns disappear, in a few days.Nervous Troubles, Lost VitalityMy combined treatment for these troubles socommonjamong those who have become weak andwornt, who have caused it by folly, dissipationand e-ocsses, is remarkably good. No one believeshow quickly it benefits until they have taken it.It overcomes weakness nervousness, pain inhack, lack of energy, ambition and strength it'sjust the treatment I have found so effective intreating such diseases.Kidney and Bladder Troublesare scientifically cured by me. My methods immediately benefit you, and the majority of casesI cure come from physicians and specialists whofailed.Okfc Picful'iP I can cure you soflics, riSLUiae quickly and easilythat you will be surprised. I will give you justthe result and cure you are looking for withouta surgical operation.Arfli-p. ncp?icc Itching, BurningACUIC Uli12cX&C29 strong drug storeremedies seldom cure. My treatment stops everysymptom and cures in a few days. It is scientificthat's the only sure way to be cured so it willsot come back.Toh can take my Treatment -without aoest aad pay me after I cure you. I knowthat I can give you new life, new hope, and canrestore you back to health and happiness. Iknow that every man will pay after I have eliminated every trace of disease from his system.Microscopical and analytical urinalysis FREE.I have writeen a book that ought to be in thehands of every suffering man in this country. Iwill sead you a copy, free, if you will write me atoeoe the disease for which you desire treatement,Sours, 0 to 4 : Sundays, 8 to 1 p. m. Evenings,7 to 8. on Monday Wednesday and Saturday nightsC. L. DOLLE, M. D.Over Columbia Theater 525 Walnut St, betweenFifth and Sixth Streets.Office eaiy to find, as all that is necessary is touk for the Columbia Theater, and any one can.teUyouthlB. -.. ,Louisville, Ky. The annual meetingof the Kentucky Educational Association was held in the First Christianchurch in this city, the sessions lastingtwo days. It was by far the greatesteducational gathering ever held inKentucky and one of the greatest conventions of school people ever heldsouth of the Ohio river. For weeksthe association, together with kindredorganizations, have been urging alarge attendance at this meeting andwere rewarded by seeing more thanthree times as many -present than attheir last annual gathering.The delegates listened to addressesby Dr. P. P. Claxton, United StatesCommissioner of Education; CharlesF. Thwing,. president of Western Reserve University: Newell D wightHillis, pastor of Plymouth church,Brooklyn; David Starr Jordan, president of Leland Stanford University,and a great many of the educationalnotables of their own state.The Last Day.Louisville will get the convention ofthe association every year. Followingthe vote on the permanent headquarters, a committee composed of R.H. Whittinghill, J. A. Carnagy and G.H. Money was appointed to change theconstitution and by-laws to conform tothe action of the convention.The association more than trebledits membership during the last year,according to the report of SecretaryVinson. The membership has reacheda total of 3,184.- The treasurer, G. H.Money, reported enough money in thetreasury to pay the expenses of themeeting and have some left over.The Bosworth road amendment tothe State Constitution, providing forthe working of convicts on the publichighways, was indorsed unanimously,and the association members were instructed to aid in having it putthrough. In addition to indorsing thisamendment a committee, composed ofMiss Mattie Reed, of Jeffersontown;H. H. Cherry, of Bowling Green, andB. M. Holbrook, of Morehead, was appointed to aid a committee from theState Tuberculosis Commission instamping out the white plague.Union Wins Prize.The John B. McFerran prize of $50in gold to- the county having thelargest aggregate mileage was won byUnion county. Forty-three teachersattended the meeting, with an aggregate mileage of 9,417. It was announced that Paducah, which had sixty-fireschool teachers, has the largestmembership in the association, everyteacher belonging to the association.The session, at which the officers for1912-13 were elected, was attended bya crowd that packed the immense auditorium. Every seat' in the galleryand on the main floor was filled, andmany stood in the rear of the audi-torium.j R. L. McFarland, superintendent of1 the Owensboro schools, was electedpresident. He wTas opposed by N. C.Hammick, of Union county, and J. W.Trplnnd. nf Stnnfnrd. IDudley H. Starns was elected firstvice-president without opposition whenMrs. Stewart declined to run after being nominated.A. L. Crabbe, of Paducah, was nominated for second vice-president, butthe collegiate faction scored by electing Miss Kate M. Christian,-of Lexington. Miss Christian is a graduate ofColumbia University, and has donegood work in the Lexington schools.No opposition was shown to the election of Miss Ella B. Shawneey, ofWashington county, to the office ofthird vice-president.Thomas W. Vinson, of Frankfort,was elected to the office of secretaryfor the third consecutive three-yearterm.Barksdale Hamlett, State Superintendent of Public Instruction, ofFrankfort, and H. H. Cherry, BowlingGreen, were elected to the board ofdirectors. They succeed J. TV. Welch,of Henderson, and J. P. W. Brouse, ofSomersetBadge For Mrs. Wilson.While Second Vice President Gif-, ford was presiding, the associationvoted to give Mrs. Wilson a specialbadge in appreciation of her workduring the year. The motion wasmade by Superintendent T. J. Coate,former president of the association.The first address of the morningwas delivered by F. C. Button, ofFrankfort. He reviewed the presentcondition of rural schools and detailedhis plans for the future.The teaching of social ethics by theteachers was the topic of a talk byDr. Elizabeth Campbell, of Cincinnati,O She discussed the family life ofthe average American, speaking of itas the greatest gift of civilization andWashington. The house agairpassed the army appropriation bill iDthe same form as last February, before the senate amendments broughlit under the veto of President Taft.'The amendments affecting the general staff of the army, one of whichwould have legislated its chief, MajGen. Leonard Wood, out of office, andthe provision for a commission to decide upon the number and location oiarmy posts, were left out.Representatives Prmce and Mann,of Illinois, and Kahn, of California, ledin opposition to the measure.They contended that the bill stillcontained much legislation objectionable to the president.Former Speaker Cannon warned thehouse that the president might againveto the bill. , . vWould Extend Plant.With the new power plant of theKentucky Traction & Terminal Company, at Lexington, the company proposes to extend its wires out the various turnpikesjnto.the t country. R. C.Stoll, representing the company, appeared before the Favette County Fiscal Court Tuesday, and upon his suggestion a committee wps appointed toadvertise for bids for the franchise toerect poles and install wires alorg thevarious Dike owned hv Fayette county.A Hero In a Lighthouse.For years J. S. Donahue, So. Havn,Mich., a civil war captain, as a lighthouse keeper averted awful wrecks,but a queer fant is that he might havebeen a wreck himself if Elctric Bittershad not prevented. "They cured me ofkidney troubles and chills," he writes,"after I had taken other so-calledcures tor vears. without benefit, andthey alsoSimproved my sight. Now. atseventy, I am feeling fine." For 'dyspepsia, indigestion, all stomach, liverand kidney troubles, thpy ue withoutequal. Try them. Only 50 cent1 atOberdnrfer s.r Aw YOU"cNO AMALGAMATION.Lynn, Mass. Charging bad faith onthe part of General Secretary andTreasurer Michael J. Tracey and Organizer Arvid Orlando, of the UnitedShoe workers of America, Charles LBaine, secretary of the general executive board of the Boot and ShoeWorkers' union, issued a statement inwhich he declares that the amalgamation of all shoe unions under one headhas not sufficient merit to warrantsubmitting it to the consideration oleither a special or regular conventionof his organization. The statemenlconveys the decision of the generalexecutive board of the Boot and ShoeWorkers' union in connection with theproposition submitted to the conference which was called some time ago.LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM.San Francisco. A detailed legislative program in behalf of marriedwomen was submitted by WilliamHard, of New York, to the 11th biennial convention of the General Federation of Women's Clubs. "Thewife's earnings should belong to her,'he said. "There is just one case inwhich a wife should be charged witfeher husband's support when he isinfirm and unable to work. Husbandand wife should have precisely equalrights in the custody of their children, to the services and earnings oltheir children and to the managementof their children's property."DIES IN DEPOT.Ravenna, O. Mrs. W. R. Hill, 45years old, of North Sycamore streetwent to the Erie depot with her guestMrs. J. W. Helm, of Youngstown, tcsee her on a train for home, and whilewaiting fell dead on the waiting-rooirfloor.MPBWPIMI M C bas?mrjBLAZE AT DEFOE.New Castle, Ky. Fire started in anunknown way in the general store ofJames Jessie at Defoe, in this county.The building was destroyed, and alongwith it the two-story residence of Wesley Hall. Mr. Hall also owned thestoreroom. The room above the storewas occupied by Defoe Lodge of OddFellows and its paraphernalia was lost.Mr. Hall's loss is $4,200 and his insurance $2,000. Mr. Jessie's loss is $3,500and his insurance $2,000.Wheat No. 2 red $1.121.14, No3 red $1.0G1.11, 'No. 4 red 90c?1.0oCorn No. 2 white 8384c, No. 3white 82 82c, No. 4 white 7680cNo. 2 yellow 7980c, No. 3 yellow7879c, No. 4 yellow 74 77c, No2 mixed 7980c, No. 3 mixed 7879c,No. 4 mixed 7477c, white ear 7578c, yellow ear 7780c, mixed ear750'77c.Oats -No. 2 white ,5656c, standard white 5256c, No. 3 white 5555c, No. 4 white 5364c, No. 3mixed 5353c, No. 4 mixed 5153cHay No. 1 timothy $25.50 27, No2 timothy $23.50 25.50, No. 3 timothy$21.50 22.50, No. 1 clover $1516No. 2 clover $1314.Cattle Slow and weak at yesterday's decline. . Shippers $6.508.10,choice to extra $8.15 8. 25, fancy steei(1,390 lbs) $9; butcher steers, extra$7.908.15, good to choice $77.75common to fair $4.506.90; heifersextra $7.357.50, good to choice $6.507.25, common to fair $3.256.35:cows, extra $5.856.25, good to choice$55.75, common to fair $24.50, canners $23.Bulls Steady and slow. Bologna$4.505.10, extra $5.155.25, fat bulls$5.256.Calves Steady. Extra $8, fair togood $6.507.7o, common and large$47.50.Hogs Slow and 1015c lower,closing weak. Heavy hogs $7.65i.(), good to choice packers andbutchers $7.607.70, mixed packers$7.257.65, stags $45.75, extra $5.85,comon to choice heavy fat sows $56.75, light shippers $7.157.50, pigs(110 lbs and less) $57.10.Sheep Slow and 15 25c lowerExtra $3.75, good to choice $3.103.65,common to fair $13.Lambs Dull at yesterday's declineExtra $7.858.00, good to choice $67.7o, common to fair $3.755.75, yearlings $45.25, stock ewes $34.PITTSBURG SUBWAY PLAN.Pittsburg, Pa. A. E. Anderson,president of the Subway Co., filed withthe city council .plans for his proposedlines under the city. He also filedan acceptance of the ordinance granting the construction of the underground railroad, and asked that themeasure be amended so that freightcan be hauled. In his communicationto council Anderson says they haveplanned for the ultimate expenditureduring the coming 30 years of $100,000,000.Buv it now. Chamberlain's' Colic,Cholera and Diarrhoea Kumdey is almost certain to be needed before thesummer is over. .Buy it now and bepreDared for such an emergency. Forsale by all dealers.Stricken at Organ.While playing the hymn "NearerMv God To Thee," on an organ, R. G.Hayssuffered a stroke ofparalysis atGeorgetown Tuesday morning, fallingfrom the stool. His death is expected. Prof. Hays is from New Yorkand has been in Georgetown conducting a business college. He is 65 yearsold.A Girl's Wild Midnight Ride.To warn people of a fearful forestfire in the CatBkills a young girl rodehorseback at midnight and saved manylives. Her'deedwas glorious but livesare often saved by Dr. King's NewDiscovery in curing lung trouble,coughs and colds, which might haveended in consumption or pneumonia."It curedme'of a dreadful cough andlung disease," writes W. R. Patterson,Wellington, Tex., "after four in ourfamily had died with consumption, andI gained 87 pounds." Nothing so sateand sure for all throat and lung troubles. Price 50c and $1.00. Trial bottletree?. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.Immense Line New Wall Paper.Call at my Jstore and gTpickl from thelarge new spring stock of wall paperjust what you want and need and haveit put on now and avoid the springrush. Expert decorators ready to doyour bidding. jte-ZZZ ' J.T. HINTON.1 During the summer, months' mothersof young children should watch for anyunnatural looseness of the bowels.When given promnt attention at thistime serious trouble may be avoided.Chamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy can always be dependedupon. Jbor sale;byalldealers..3Hio-bbEXCURSIONParis9 Ky.9 toCinc5nnati9 O.,And Refern.SUNDAY, JULY 7, 1912,Fare $1.50 And Return.Excursion' Train leaves 7thStreet Station Returning to Parisat 7 p. m.Tickets good only day of sale.For further information, call on orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.A gold bracelet, between Tucker'sstore on Main street and Eight streetto High. Finder return to undersigned, and get reward.MISS MARTHA MYNES,1022 High St. ,lusCHAUTAUQUAis besx reached by the'W71 W: FEEDINGilil:'MmB;mljS mm"'vlvrr$20to$25Hay;Are you ' losing a large percentage of yorCORN PLANT, that would beat .anypriced Hay, if placed in a SILO ? ' jS-.4A prominent feeder, in buying hts fourth Silo, says:""Owing to the short hay crop, and the results we -securein Silage, we need another one."And oftentimes the hot. weather that burns out pasturage or shortens the hay crop will make a corn crop.secure advantages in material, price and other ways-the Silo question should besettled before corn planting. 100 ton Silo pastures 25head of cattle 6 winter months, the cost being about onequarter a reatangular barn.YOU KNOW IT! EVERY CORN GROWER KNOWS ITEarly BuyersKalamazoo sito co. Michigan.j Sale Agent, - .A. S. Thompson, Agent, Paris, Ky.KVIa Hi mh r. rr -- - v jj taMLmEL ii w e&LSeason Tickets on Ssls BailyJune-! 2c Sept. 30.Summer Excursion Ticketson sale to New York City ar.d all Eastern resorts.Stop-overat Chautauqua Lakennd Niagara Fallspermitted on first-class one-way ar.d round-trip tickets."Inquire of local ticket agent or "writeJ. H. Webster, Gen'l Agent PassengerDept. 416 Walnut St. Cincinnati, O., forfurther information.w pi I1lil'l'l'l'niill'f-1iONEOf BOURBON POULTRY 'CURECLovrn a chick's throat cue--gapes.A few diops in thetirinking -water cures andprevents cholera, diarrlioeaand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on "Diseases of Fowls" sent FREE.Bourbon Remedy Co. Lexington, 7W.T Bracks, DrugaisfSPECIAL EXCURSIONTO THEMountains of Western North CarolinaWednesday, July 10, 1912.Round-Trip Fares From Georgetown, Ky.:"Land ofThe Sky""SapphireCountry"Special Through Train, consisting of electric-lighted PullmanObservation and Drawing-room Sleeping Cars, Dining Gar- and DayCoaches, v-Till leave Georgetown at 8:30 p. m., July 10.Tickets also good on all regular trains. Keturn limit July 251912. Liberal stop-over privileges.mIAshville, IN. C. - - - $7.50AsftcL;fitf fcivi - r$8.50p,Lake Toxavvay, N. C. -i$9.50(C N. Q. & T. P. RY.)In Connection WithSouthern RailwayDIVERSE ROUTEGo direct and return via ChattanoogaLookout Mountain, or vice-versa.$1.50 additional.For full informationTicket Agent or write :call on anyH. C. KING, Passenger and TicketAgt., 101 E. Main St., Lexington, Ky.W. A. BECKLER, Genl. Pass. Agt.lngalls Bldg., Cincinnati, O.Quick DetachableClincherIm FULL Vr '- ":W ROUND SHAPE VY k i T?fII STRONG XMSII RESILIENT pipfcSfm DURABLE f?$&g&WEasily Fits Any Quick Detachable RimNo Tools RequiredIN STOCK BYYERKES & PRICHARDCorner Fourth and PleasBanttMKA!aiibfcHatujeMmmaiuiauLiwr.iliiiiTW!!il ti'auaaEtisXiimvTradeinaTkZlX'WXDOUBLESTAMPEDOOPERGALUOHofdifferentMsIrffLV " .ottledJOHN JOHNSONONE BLOCK WEST" L&N DEPOTPARKS, K.ENTU C RYiiMJ?--,'THE BQURBON NEWS, PARIS,-KENTUCKY, JULY 5, 1912pviMimmmmmmMgmmmammiimtittmiiiiuMmmMm' ' "" MMBMMMMMMMMaiMMMiiiMBCrMMBMMEaSSPS'!SkiilOvert"You are welcome' says Mrs. Nora Guffey, ol BrokenArrow, Okla., "to use my letter in any way you want to,if it will incjuce some suffering woman to try Cardui. I hadpains all over, and suffered with an abscess. Three physicians failed to relieve me. Since taking Cardui, I am inbetter health than ever before, and that means much to me,because I suffered many years with womanly troubles, ofdifferent kinds. What other treatments I tried, helped mefor a few days only."I WomarftTonieDon't wait, until you are taken down sick, before taking care of yourself. The small aches and pains, and othersymptoms of womanly weakness and disease, always meanworse to follow, unless given quick treatment.You would always keep Cardui handy, if you knewwhat quick and permanent relief it gives, where weaknessand disease of the womanly system makes lire seem hardto bear. Cardui has helped over a million women. Try it.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept, Chattanooga, 7lcdicine Co., Chattanooga, Tcnn.,for Special Instructions, and 64-page book, "Home Treatment for Women," sent free, J 51cnk5555Ks2S&?TN rR I They interlock and overlap each other in such a way that theI hardest driving rain or snow cannot sift under them.I Won't pulsate or rattle in wind-storms. They're also fire-proof, willg last as long as the building, and never need repairs.for Sale by Miller & Best, Millersburg, Ky.TWINDepartment Storei3B 1 1 aaJ' b& aCor. 7th and Main 12sssso rflywiTwpeeiai irrioes5 On Extra Wide Swiss Flouncing at 25c and p50c per yard. gChildren's Wash Dresses, 50c, 75c, $1. 1sHj Ladies' one-piece Serge Dresses, $4.98.- -jgsa r ah r.nim-o1!WBsvsWhite Nuback Shoes, $3.j- Special Values on Millinery, Skirts and Waists. WMMkgj55HIK'iJgEJCTS?aBB?KSiBL KJ W MW 1I G tsj &&&.& -o--.-r?. ' . Bv.. j - rI When' a New PerfectionComes In atvthe Door IHeat a$& Dirt Fly Out IsneTA w w. w - . 4VKWC7& Ladies and Iviisses rme I aiiored Suits, $S.to. ySisi i: a?S WkJfr Nul.as.L' QI, t XiigR$5ftjZ Juuuva kiiuOj ct. j2gjTQi3rsa'aJ ywifmurTivTn w V omb aflte waiaatSS a 'Paris, KentuckyI4 jThis Stove yeaves TimeIt saves LaborIfc saves FuelIt saves YOUat the windowWhat would it mean to you to haveheat and dirt banished from your kitchenthis summer to be free from the blazingrange, free from ashes and soot ?Mew JfeffjeliRQil CeoR-sfov"With the New Perfechoa Ovea, the New PerfectionStove is the most complete cooking device on the marketIt is just as quick and handy, too, for washing and ironing.STANDARD OIL COMPANY(Incorporated is Kentucky)CoviBgteB, K74 Loukrllle, Ky.; Atlanta, Ga-; Bkmingham, Ala.; and Jacksonville, Fla,Made with 1 , 2 and 3 burner!, 'w 1 h Ions, enameled, tur-quofee-bluschimneys. Handtomely finLhed tnroushout.The 2- and S-'ournej stovescan be had with or witbout acabinet top.whicbjjfittedv.'ithdrcp sliehes, towel racLs, etc.All dealers carry the NewPerfectipn Stoe. Free CookBook with eery stove. CookBook also gien to anyonesending 5 cents to cover mailinz cost.a small openingin keeping outPreventing th Souring oiin Hot Weather.During the hot weather of the summer months iirany f aimers have muchtrouble with sour milk. This caus'esmuch loss, not only to the tarmer whokeeps one or more cows for family use,but especially tothe dairyman who retails his milk or ships it to a dealer inthe city. The dealer usually pays only''one-half price for sour milk or refusesto accept it at any price, thus entailing heavy loss to the producer.Good sweet milk can i be producedand delivered in prime cundition to thecustomer in the hottest summer weather. The writer has for five yearsshipped milk from the farm to Louisvillea distance of 57 miles-the milkbeing three hours on the train in transit, and has not a drop of sour milkduring that time. The amount ofthese shipments ranged from 60 to 90gallons a day, and was on a strict business basis, every gallon being sold ata goodmargin of profit. During abouthalf of this time the milk was shippedin 8 and 10 gallon cans, the remainderof the time in quartand pint bottles.Good sweet milk depends on twoitems, cleanliness and a cold temperature. To secure these the followingrules should be observed:Have the cow's udder clean beforemilking, A clean damp cloth can beused for this purpose and can be carried m the pocket of the milker. Onlya few seconds are required to wipe theudder off immediately before beginning to milk the cow. In our experience this simple expedient has workedwonders. i -Ee careful not to allow hairs, dirt ordust to fall into the milk. They areladen with germs. Germs cause themilk to sour. The greater the numDerof germs the quicker the souring willoccur. A pail withwill be very helnfuldust and other dirt.Use the milk pail for no other purpose than milking. Some dairymenuse it ior watering the horses andslopping the hogs, and then wonderwhy the milk sours.Cool the milk immediately by running it over a milk cooler, which canbe bought for 55 to $7, or by immersing in cold spring or well water. Theanimal heat mutt be removed beforeplacing in cans or bottled for deliveryor shipment. It necessary to hold' thenight's milk tor shipment the .nextmorning it should be held at a lowtemperature. Cold springs or wellwater in a wooden or metal tank ofproper size to hold shipping cans maybe used for this purpose. If runningspring water is at hand, this willserve admirably. In some cases themilk or ciem may be lowered into a cistern and kept cool until time forshipment. If care is exercised, milkcan be kept sweet without ice, but asupply of ice is very desirable.Another important point. Wash allvessels carefully. Exmine frqeuentlyin the angles to see that no accumulation of yellow casein material collects,as this will certainly cause rapid souring. After washing, scald all vesselswith hoilng water and place in purefresh air until ready for use. If exposedt ot he'sun, so much the better,as sunlight is the best germ killer andpurifier.Tvlilk produced in the manner outlined will he of the best quailty andwill bring the highest market price.Such milk is alwas in demand and, ifused for buttermaking it furnishes theraw material from which high qualitybutter can be produced. If all thebutter produced on Kentucky farmswere made from milk handled thisway, hundieds of thousands of poundsof poor butter which each year goesinto our markets at a very low pricewould be replaced by a gilt-edgedarticle, which would sell at an attractive price, and would add many thousands of dollars to the annual profits ofKentucky farmers.W. D. NIDHOLLS.Asst. Professor of Dairying.Milk 4barJfcNHNWS&'WsV! C B2SRIHB iZ .Your Dollar Beys MoreWhen you buy a Studebaker-E-M-F "30" or StudebakerFlanders "20" you get more for your money, dollar fordollar, than in any other car built.There may be other good cars but what is their price?That's the rub. If they really are good cars, they necessarily cost more because comparatively f ew are built: Somepoor cars, you know, are high priced too, so that the dealercan fool you by cutting the price. What a car is reallyworth, not what it costs, should be your standard.The Studebaker Corporation has the largest and bestautomobile factories in the world.' We could build and sellany competing car today-for less money than its present,price. In your Studebaker-E-M-F "30" or Flanders "20"you get full value, because the biggest 'factories and thebest brains in the industry build these cars.Studebaker-E-M-F "30" Touring Car, ciandacd equipped,t f.o.b. Detroit $1100. Equipped as above with Top,Windshield, Prest-O-Lite Tank nd Speedometer, f. o. b.Detroit $1 ISO.Ovur New Art Catalogue Will Interest You Send for itInebaXUA'flme DsLMdeoaKes0 L.cn3ratioiiDctrcU, MichiganBourbon OarageSupply Co.Cor, 4th and High Sreets,Paris Kentuckys,KENTUCKY TRACTION AND"The Blue Grass Route."Hourly High Speed ThroughService.Paris Lexington FrankfortDivision.t Bonrbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.W Telephone No. 4.toOffice Opp. Postoffice.McCann field to firand Jury.Policeman Ben McCann waB arraigned in the police court in Lexington Tuesday onthe charge of maliciously shooting and wounding SheriffDan Scott several weeks ago. Hewaived examining trial and was heldby Police Judge Southgate under boniof $600 to await the action of thegrand jury. ilcCann, who had beenunder bail of $1,000, fixed bj a Magistrate, immediately after the shootincr.i at once furnished the new bond andwas released.as far asLexingtonafter the8:15 p. m.only$100 Per Platewas paid at a banquet to Henry Glavin New Orleans in 1842. Mighty costly for those with stomach trouble orindigestiun. Today peonle everywhereuse Dr. King's New Life Pills fnrthese troubles as well as liver, kidnevand bowel disordrs. Easy, safe, sure.Only 25 cents at Oberdorfer's.KTZxmmaxss 3Bnr oxvffsFor Rent.Desirable fiafe to ronl on spnnnrlfloor, over C. P. Cook's grocery, oniuain street, between Seven rh andEighth ; bathroom and other conveniences. Possession at once. Vpply toJ. T. HINTOX,lS-tf Both phones C6.Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort e"ery hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until S p. m..and at 10 p. m.. the last car going onlyas far as VersaillesCars leave Lexington for Versailles,Frankfort and Parjs, every hour from6 a. m. until 7 p. m, and at 9 andll p.in., the last car going onlyVersailles.Cars leave Versailles 'forand Paris every 15 minuteshour from 6:15 a. m. untiland at 11 :lo p. m.. last car goingas far as Lexngton.Cars leave Versailles for Frankfortevery 45 minutes after the hour from6:45 a. ro. until 7:45 p. m., and at 9:45p. m.Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington and Paris every thirty minutes after the hour from 6:30 a. m.until 7:30 p. m., and 10:30 p . m.. thelast car going only as far as Lexington. GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTON-NICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexington and Nicholasville Jever.v forty-fiveminutes after the honr from 5 :45 a. m.' until 6 :45 p. m., and at 8 :05 and 10 :05p. m.Cars leave Lexington forville everv thirty minuteshour from 6:30 a. m. until 7and at y and il p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville tor Lexington every fifteen minutes after the hour'from 6:15 a. m. until 8:15 p.m. and at10:15 p.'m.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetown eveTy hour on the hour from 6a. m. until 7 p. m.. and at 9 and 11 p.m.No 6 a. m. cars on Sunday .17-tftototototototoA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial orasi- You'll notregret it.ourboo Laundry,Paris, Kentucky.v5 b. -at-o-si -est -sr-'a -f-jr-ijo --dk' V' V""WX.'',.'te.'w'Nicholasafter the30 p. m.,1710$sxin z&tr rsHouse ard lot in Ruckerville. Forterms apply to21-3t J. SHERMAN AYEKS.yYfTfjf jMJin.'.iiTry.jr'wnwiFrightful Polar Windsblow with tenifnc force at the farnorth and play havee with the skin,causing rough, red or sore chappedi hands and lios that need Bucklen'sArnica Salve to heal them. It makesthe skin soft and smooth. Unrivaledfor cold-sores, also burns, boils, ulcers,' 2uts, bruises and piles. Only 25 centsat Oberdorer's.efficiency depends uponyour condition.Scott's Emulsion builds,strengthens and sustainsrobust health. . AU Druggists.Scott & Bownc. Blooiufield. N. J 12-8Insure with W. O. Clinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfFor Rent., Cottage on 19th street, sevenrooms, bath, electric lights and allmodern conveniences. Telephone orapply to28-tf T". R BRANON".'frJ.J...,'.... . .- .- . . 1,iH Low Round Trip FaresJ SSf from Paris to jWJyyS 30 day limit Tourist fares to mfijv? 60 day limit variable route fares to WjW New York $32.15 Boston $35.55 vw Reduced round trip fares to many yjW other cities and resorts in the East$m Superior Service to the -East toj5fcj (w3mKmES&j&& "r Particulars, rales, folders, descriptive Cfc(yA Ja (mRB fj literature and slscper reservations, address ll aj. llrW i ' W. H. HARRIS, Ticket Agent WWwwtototoisviiiiwahTHE"5 1912.t i! Ji il.iIIfi! ; 1M.Jtae. G. Mitchell,. Against fire, Tornado andlightning. Two old reli-cabte, prompt paying com-Phone 162Agent.T"Zbt Borne of Correct Tootwear'DANCDnJUISAAJNIDAYmuniiiiuEvery Day This Week andSATURDAYThe volume of business this Springhas broken all previous records.The phenomenal sales the pastweeks have left us an accumulation of a great many short andbroken lines and this week will beClean-upWeekThere will be plenty of real bargains thrown on bargain table thatwill delight the most economicalshoppers.White Shoes and Slippers,The Ideal SummerFootwearWejhave the largest assortment in Ladies', Misses'and Children's White Shoes in Pumps in Canvas andWhite Nil-Buck. AH the newest styles.We SaveYoif Money onDAN COHEN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky.Cirnivil This Week.Litlejohn's United Shews are furniihiqsL.the attraction lor the Eagles Carnival'lhis week.Below Cost.One lot of Nettleton patent and -tanOxfords at $1.50, regular price $6.00;also one lot ot McWilliams' Specials at1.00. regular rjrice. $4.00."GEO. McWILLIAMS.Your Shoe Purchases.MmI0HEN!WILD L!8H ROARSHunter Declares Beasts Shakethe Ground.Experience of American Who KilledSeventy-One in South AfricaSlay Their Prey atNight.New York. Stewart Edward White,who brought home a record of 71lions killed in South Africa, says thatvisitors to the zoo have no idea whatthe real roar of that animal soundslike. He calls "the menagerie row" atfeeding time only a gentle hint of whata wild lion can achieve in the vocalline."A pack of lions will often, deliberately drive game into narrow ravinesor cul-de-sacs where the killers arewaiting," he says in the AmericanMagazine. "At such times the man. favored by the chance of an encampment within five miles or so can heara lion's roar."Otherwise I doubt if he is apt oftento get the full voiced, genuine article.The peculiar questing cough of earlyevening is resonant and deep in vibration, but it is a call rather than, aroar. No lion is fool enough to makea noise when he is stalking."Afterward, when full fed, individuals may open up a few times, but onlya few times,, in sheer satisfaction, apparently, at being well fed. But whenseven or eight lions roar merely tosee how much noise they can makeas when driving game, or trying tostampede your oxen on a wagon tripthe effect is something tremendous."The very substance of the groundvibrates; the air shakes. I can onlycompare it to the effect of a verylarge, deep organ in a very smallchurch. There is something genuinely awe inspiring about it; and whenthe repeated volleys rumble into silence, one can imagine the veldtcrouched in a rigid terror that shallendure."The only sure thing about a lionis his originality. He has more exceptions to his rules than the Germanlanguage. Men who have been mighty lion hunters for many years, andwho have brought to their huntingclose observation, can only tell youwhat a lion may do in .certain circumstances. Following very broad principles, they may even predict whathe is apt to do, but never what hecertainly will do."In general, then, the lion frequentsthat part of the country where feedthe great game herds. From them hetakes his toll by night, retiring during the day into the shallow ravines,the brush patches or the rocky littlebuttes. I have, however, seen lionsmiles from game, slumbering peacefully atop an ant hill. Indeed, occasionally a pack of lions like to livehigh in the tall grass ridges, whereevery hunt will mean for them a fouror five-mile jaunt out and back again."He needs water after feeding, andso rarely gets further than eight orten miles from that necessity. Hehunts at night. This is as nearly invariable a rule as can be formulatedin regard to lions. Yet once, andperhaps twice, I saw lionesses stalking through tall grass as early as 3o'clock in the afternoon. This eagerness may or may not have had to dowith the possession of hungry cubs.ARMY MULE EATS ITS TAGSteamer Tied Up Until Officers LearnDestination of Animal With Appetite Like Goat.Seattle, Wash. An innocent lookingyoung mule of the army type delayedthe steamship Northwestern for PrinceWilliam sound ports for an hour herewhile an army of clerks and dock employes vainly tried to discover, towhom the animal was consigned.A cheerful but slow witted coloredboy led the animal to the docks andleft it while he watched the busyscene. When the mule was sought outthe freight handlers discovered thatthe freight tag which had been tiedto the halter had disappeared. A telltale bit of string dangling from themule's mouth showed the tag hadbeen chewed up."Boss, he's done et up de placewhar he was goin' and Ah disremember de name," said the colored boyplaintively.After an hour of search the mulewas started on Its journey with ashipping tag firmly fastened round itsneck, out of reach of the mule's teeth.MAN FASTS FOR 46 DAYSAtlantio City Man Reduces 32 Pounds,Eats Meal, Falls III, Sentto Hospital.Philadelphia, Pa. John Watson ofAtlantic City fasted 46 days to reducehis weight, and then tried to enjoy ameal. The other day Watson walkedinto detective headquarters and askedto be sent to a hospital. He had weighed 146 pounds, which he thought wastoo much. He consulted doctors. Theytold him to fast, he said. He fasted.Now he weighed 114 pounds, and felthe had accomplished enough. So heate a real meal. Then he walked intoheadquarters and asked for assistance.He was sent to the Philadelphia hospital. Hugged the Hired Girl; Divorced.Anderson, Ind. Her story of howshe surprised her husband while hewas hugging the hired girl won a divorce for Mrs. Gladys Reason.NILLEISBURG ITEMS.M E. P. Clarke continues to growW-aker. lgkThe little son of Mr. and.Mrs. J. DtCameion is quite sick.Miss Bessie Purnell spent Tuesdaywith her sister, Mrs. Frank Collier, .atParis.Mr. Claude Case, of Cincinnati, isthe guest of his parents, Mr. and Mrs.Amus Case.Mr. H. W. Jefferson was the guestof his-uncle, Mr. E. P. Clarke, Saturday night and Sunday.Mrs. J. D. Booth entertained' anumber of her lady friends with a dinner party, Wednesday.Mr. T. T. Bentley and family wil return today after a few weeks' visit torelatives at Mt. Olivet.Mrs. Mary E. Peeper, of Brooksville. is the guest of the family of herson, Mr. U. S. G. Pepper.Mrs. Emma Wright, of Maysville,arrived Monday as the guest of herdaughter, Mrs. C. C. Chanslor.Mrs. IS. B. Turner returned Mondavafter spending two weeks at the bedside of a relative in Mt. Sterling.Dr. and Mrs. J. D. Calhoun returnedTuesday after a two weeks' tour of theSouth, where they spent their honeymoon. Mrs.Mehagan, of Chicago, III., whoi visiting relatives at Paris, was thegues' of Mrs. Mattie Hawes, Mondayand Tuesday.Mesdames Mattie Hawes, W. M.Miller and J. A. Butler attended a reception given by Mrs. James McClure,at Paris, Wednesday afternoon.Mesdames T. D. Judy, Belle Taylor?nd Mr. and Mrs. K. R. Vaught wereguests of Mr. and Mrs. K. B. Hutchings, at Leixngton, Wednesday.Mrs. Ann .TpfFprson nf Millorchnryand little grandson, Ralph Becraft. of jParis, left Monday for a viist to Mr.and Mrs. Garrett Jefferson, in Ohio.Mr. and Mrs. Aaron McConnellmotored to Flemingsburg, Sunday, ontheir motorcycle, where they spent theday with Mr. and Mrs Taylor Dudley.Mrs. Elizabeth Miller entertainedthe following ladies with a diningWednesday : Mesdames Mehaean,Chicago; E. F. Clay, Paris and MattieHawes, Millersburg.Postmaster U. S. G. Peeper leftMonday on a prospective tour of Missouri, Oklahoma and Kansas, and wiilmake a side trip to Chicago and thelakes before returning home.Services Sunday morning at Christian, Methodist and Presbyterianchurches by their pastors. Unionservice Sunday evening at Christianchurch by Rev. R. S. Sanders, of thePresbyterian church.Mrs. Hinton and daucrhtei. MissLuena, of Oklahoma, left Monday for a Ivisit to her Dareots. Mr. and Mrs. Ed.Cochran, at ElizavilJe. after a fewweeks' visit to her sister, Mrs. MinnieHurst, and family.Mr. and Mrs. Berry Bedford anddaughter. Miss Emma Bedford, of Lexington, Mr. and Mrs. T. R. Wilson, ofRobinson, were guests the first of theweek of Mr. I. F. Chanslor and family,Messrs. I. F. Chanslor ard J. C. .leflp-ersonj ot Maysville.Mr. and Mrs. T. U. Judy entertainfd the following with a dinner uartyTuesday, in honor of Mr. and Mrs. K.R. Vaueht, of Parker, md. : Mr. andMrs. K. K. Vaught. Dr. and Mrs. G.D. Judy, Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Judy.Lexincton ; Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Pickrell, Carlisle; Mr. T. J. Judy andfamily, Mr. W. S. Judy and family,Millersburg.The following ladies of Millersburghave secured the following positionsin schools for the coming year: Mrs.Anna Doty succeeds herself as princiDal of the Millersburg school ; she willbe assisted by Miss Elliott, of thecounty. Miss Annette Hurst retiring;Miss Dorothy Peed returns to Birmingham, Ala., and Miss Bessie Purnell tothe graded school at Paris: Miss Nannie Clarke goes from the eroded schoolat Cynthiana to tne Letton schoolhouse, .while Miss Sadie Clarke continues at Escondida. Miss MaryMcDaniel eoes to the graded school atCynthana from Leesburg. The following secured their first charges: MissKizzie May McDaniel, at Mcllvain.Ruth Stirman at Purdy school house ;Hazel Keer at Pleasant Green.The following out-of-town relativesand friends attended the funeral ofMr. R. C. Chanslor.Tuesdav afternoon,Mr. W.'J. Chanslor and son. Mr. Wal-aen unansior, Cincinnati ; Mr. anaMrs. W. H. Jefferson, Mr. and Mrs.ForeBter Gault, Mavslick; Mr. andMrs. Leonard Clary, Shannon, Mr. andMrs. J. T. Parker, Mrs Jamfs Riley,Messrs I. F. Chanslor Jr., J. C. Jefferson, O. H. P. Thomas, and Mr. Teager. Maysville ; Mrs. Elizabeth Palmer,Helena; Mr. Marion Rhodes, Mrs.Chas. Rhodes and Misses Ch ra and Lillian Rhodes, Elizaville, Mrs. Anna Prather and son, James Prather and Mrs.Braden Stevens. Cynthiana ; Mr. andMrs. T. R. Wilson, Robinson; Mr. andMrs. T. W, W. Chanslor and littledauehter.;tittleRock ; Mrs. RebekahFreeman, Paris; Mr. and Mrs. BerryBedford and daughter, Miss EmmaBedford and Mr. Will Clarke, Lexington. No Lady Killer.M. Durand de Belleford de Gournay,who a few months ago startled thesimple folk of Coutances by appearingin a brilliant uniform "covered withdecorations and managed' to swindlethe local trades-people of hundreds ofpounds, cut a sorry figure when he appeared for trial at the assize courttoday.His ,'only defence is that he swindled because he wished to create animpression on a woman with whom hewas in love. The judge replied:"Don't, talk to me of making an impression on the fair sex. You are farto ugly," and then sentenced him tosix years Imprisonment. Paris correspondence London Dally Mail.Indian Pitcher Coming to Paris.Chas. Bomosh, the Chippewa Indianwho was a few weeks ago reported tonave been signed by the Paris ..Club,and who since has been sought by thelocal management, will probabiy report to Pans some time next weekBsmosh has been ritching independent ball, and now located at Lehasku, Pa., where x transportation hasbeen wired him.Bomosh, who is a full blooded Chippewa, was a student at CarlisleUniversity. He is under the care ofthe government and the local clubwill be held responsible for his conduct and safety.A letter received from the IndianAgency by President J. W. -Bacon, isto the effect that the proper protection must be given the Indian and allefforts used- to encourage abstinencefrom drink, and that there shall beno effort on the part of any memberof the club to induce him to drink or !take part in any demonstration that !may lead to riots, or endanger hislife.The rain Tuesday afternoon Drevented the game scheauled betweenParis and Richmond on the Richmondgrounds.Wednesday the Pioneers defeatedParis by a score of 10 to 1. The gamewas filled with" sensational Dlavs. oneof which was a lung running catch by iKjnupmnn, wno caugnc tne nail alterfalling and while standing almost onhis head. The Pioneers hit Ludwighard and counted eleven safe drives offhis delivery, while Black, for theRichmond.team was almost invincible.The Fourth of July games pulled thelocals down in percentage for yesterday two were dropDed to the Colts.The contest yesterdav afternoon resulted in a defeat tor Paris by a scoreof 3 to 2. The game was played onthe Lexington grounds.The morning game was played onthe local grounds and was one of tnprettiest witnessed here this season.Harold and Turner opposed each otheron the mound and fur four innings itwas a battle royal. Lexington had aman on third in the second and a scorewas prevented only by aj dose play atthe plate.The game should have gone to Parisand this would probably have been thefinal result had it not been for a"bone" which was Jpulled in the fifthafter two were dow n. Vicker reachedfirst on a choice when Turner was rundown between the bases, when Ellisdropned a short fly into the'right fieldwhich should have been an easy outhad DunlaD not tried no cover toomuch tenitury. This play was reSDonsible for the two runs which theColts secured.In their half of the fifth the localsthreatened to tie up the score andDunlap partly redeemed himself bydriving in the onlv score of the Bourbonites by a timely two-bagger.The locals werb never dangerousafter that, but a hit in the last inningwhich would have tied up the contestwas not forthcoming.Harold pitched excellent, ballthroughout and worked himself out ofseveral tight places in which positionhe was placeu by the lcose fielding ofhis teammates.Go to Buck's.For a lice bsth, hair cut or sivego to Buck's barber shop. Three first; 'clas barbers 13 ttAre YOUEarlysettled beforeM7 FEEDINGii I iHB'7 HUHfylMiPIM4 Kalamazoo' c8. Michigan" -mVnJi Sale Affent. r -I --A. S. Thompson,11Curtis Henry & Co.,Groceries, Dry Goods,Fresh Meats, Etc.Best Meats in Paris.Country Produce Bought,CASH OR TRADEThe Sanitary and Pure Pood Store,INo. Fiies. All Vegetables Keptinside. No Street DisplayAll Goods the BestPrompt Delivery toCURTIS HENRY CO.LCor. 1 4thMAN STUMBLES ON RICHESDiscovery of Cltar Lake (Ariz.) FltfdResult of Chance Sees Goldin Bowlders.Clear Lake, Ariz. T. Ollle Phillipswas a poor mining prospector lessthan a year ago. When he was notroaming over the mountains he madehis home at Bisbee. Recently he waspaid $200,000 for an undeveloped goldand silver claim situated in this newcamp. W. S. Small and J. H. Kniffen,who purchased the property from Mr.Phillips, have in turn just disposed ofit to a syndicate of Boston and Springfield (Mass.) men, headed by SmithBros., the reported consideration being $500,000. The new owners havetaken steps to organize a company tooperate the mine. It is claimed thereis enough ore in sight to justify theerection of a 250-ton mill. It was bychance that Mr. Phillips discoveredthe vein which has brought him a fortune. He was making a trip throughthis section less than twelve monthsago, accompanied by a photographer,whose mission it was to get someviews of the famous Apache Box Canyon. One day, while the photographerwas off taking pictures, Mr. Phillipsaimlessly walked through the picturesque canyon. His trained eyecaught sight of gold in a bowlder thatwa lying in the bottom of the gorge.He examined other bowlders and foundgold in all of them. Keeping the discovery to himself, he remained withthe photographer until the latter hadfinished his work. He then returnedto the canyon and began a systematicsearch for the vein from which thebowlders had come. He succeeded infir-ding it upon the wall of the canyonand staked out his claim.THE FAIR!For Friday OnlyTangle Foot Fly Paper, 6sheets for 5c.Mail Boxes, each 12c.Good Heavy Curry Combs,each 10c.Rubber Dressing Combs, 9inches long, double thick, each,19c.Alchohol Stoves, burns denatured alcohol, each 35c.Clothes Hampers, has coverand side handles, eace 93c.A SALE OF PRESERVINGGOODS.6 qt. Granite Kettles, each 23c.8 qt. Granite Kettles, each 3-Jc.Fruit Jar Fillers, each 4c.Blue and White Matted Basting Spoons, 15 inches long, each5c.Metal Window Screens, each39c.$20 to $25 Hay?Are you losing a large percentage of yourCORN PLANT, that would beat anypriced Hay, if placed in a SILO ? ' S-A prominent feeder, in buying his fourth Silo, says:""Owing to the short hay crop, and the results we -securein Silage, we need another one."And oftentimes the hot. weather that burns out pasturage or shortens the hay crop will make a corn crop.Buyerssecure advantages m material, price and other ways--the Silo nnpstinn shonlrl hecorn Dlantinc. 100 ton Silo nastnrpc 9head of cattle 6 winter months, the cost being about onequarter a reatangular barn. yYOU KNOW IT! . EVERY CORN GROWER KNOWS IT e. ,Agent, Paris, Ky.Iand GuaranteedAll Parts of City.and Mainr-v:i(. 1 .?.-..