fVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MARCH 12, 1912ET& 7jre'ed and &ound Si,WW -W.W W IW. W W. W JK M WW W W M B MOf Selling the Most GoodsJudge Stout Charges Grand Juryto Investigate. Alleged Election Frauds.THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARURGI N EST 6ASmmmmmmmm2mmmrFor the Least Money.16 lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.002 cans good Corn 15cGood Bulk Coffee, per lb : 22 1 -2cOld Reliable Coffee, per lb . 30c2 1-2 lb. can Asparagus ;....2GcFull qt. can Karo Syrup 10cNew Orleans Molasses, per gal 45 c8 bar's Lenox Soap 25cLarge size Mackerel 1 O or 3 for 25cMedium size Mackerel 5 c3 boxes Matches lOcBLUE RiBBON FLOUR25-lb Sack 70c504b Sack $1.40 "1 OO-Ifo Sack $2.75N6w, you cannot say that Paris is a high town ongrocers, for everybody is coming to Paris to trade atLenihan's Cash Grocery. They get the same goods forless money.T. C. LENIHAN,Cash Grocery,Both Phones 234CIRCUIT COURT CONVENES.March Term Begins and a BusySession Promises to Bethe 'Result.Ad Early ShipmentOFSpring Hats and CapsillFORMEN AND BOYSWe Are Showing All Latest Shapes and ColorsA Beautiful Line of Shirts at50c9 $1, $1.50Come in and Let Us Take Your Measure forYour Spring Suit,$ 1 6.5 to S45oOO500 Samples on DisplayPRI6& & 60.61Referring to the address of Hon. J.Campbell Cantrill here last Monday inwhich he charged that Judge RobertLi. btout had discriminated againstother counties in" this district regarding such rases here, Judge Robert L.Stout at the convening of the Marchcourt yesterday morning instructedthe grand jury to investigate thecharges of Mr. Cantrill that fraudshad been perpetrated in this county,and Cantrill will in all probability besummoned to appear before the Bourbon grand jury when the investigationbegins.Judge Stout convened court yesterday morning at 10 o'clock arrivinghere from Versailles and followingthe hour for motion, embodied theabove in his charge to the jury.By reason of his being detained inthe Federal Court at Frankfort Col.R. B. Franklin was absent and theCommonwealth will be represented byCounty Attorney George Battertonduring his absence. Sheriff A. S.Thompson and his deputies, W. F.Talbott, J. O. Marshall and ErnestMartin were administered the oath.The call from the panel for serviceon the grand jury resulted in theselection of W. E. Couk.B. F. Adcock,Clarence Kenney. E. H. Blake, W. E.Board, E. E. Wood, Wm. Endicott,Benj. Sledd, Clarence Wright, J. T.Judy, Lee Cravens and R. L. Wilson.Clarence Kenney was designated asforeman of the body.Judge Stout in his charge to the juryreferred to the violations of the lawin this zomujunity, as being reducedto a minimum due in a great measureto the efficiency of previous grandjuries. The county of Bourbon, hesaid, was well known for the goodorder and observance of the law, whichprevailed, but withal there werecriminals within the confines of thecounty and that there were a numberof cases which would be called to theirnotice.He urged the grand jury to actspeedily with the lawless element,fairly and impartially that justiceshould take its course. He called theattention of the jury to the fact thatmisdemeanors oiten lead to crimes ofa more serious nature, and if thegrand juries would exercise searchinginvestigations and bring the minoroffenders to justice, it would have theeffect of lessening the more seriousoffenses.Judge Stout referred to the violations of the liquur laws and stated tothe jury that any infraction of thelaw governing the sale of liquorbrought to their notice should berigidly investigated and that a rumorhad been brought to his attention of acondition of this character existing inMillersburg, where local option is ineffect. He called attention to the violations of the gaming jaws and theoffense of carrying concealed weapons.In the course of his charges to thegrand jury Judge Stout stated that thefact had been called to his attentionthrough the press of a condition whichwas said to have existed in Bourboncounty regarding the alleged infractions of election laws, which wasbrought out in a speech delivered inthe court house Monday of last weekby J. Campbell Cantrill, of Scott inwhich it was stated that the court hadinsisted upon the investigation of election frauds in the counties under thejurisdiction of Judge Stout other thanBourbon,4 wheh had been overlooked.Judge Stout said that if such condition(Continued on Page 4.)OpSpringemngiThursday,March 21Grand Display ofMILLINERY,SUITS, COATS,DRESSES, SKIRTS,WASSTS, DRV GOODS.Everybody is cordiallyinvited to be prise nt.IfMusic from 1 to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. in.A.The Simon Department Store.dmw i " If" ' "N,Iff $lit stCOME IN AND HAVE A FITtfH Dress well and you will feel andwork well lo do so you neednot pay a fictitious price to a tailor,i ruressea in one 01 our smart ouustfesicned byHt"h. Wickwire Crana you canSte3 in The Easter ParadeWith The Best of Them.JIT The very latest in Stetson SoftHats to select from Springstyles now complete. Stetson andKorrect Shape Shoes.XIMitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to MenParis, Kentuckyinfillutf 3M k.JTLEILIIIMinillim.lUJiniLfl 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 2 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 11U MIIIl Mill II IIIIIIIIUIII 1 1 1 11 Im i5ARK & CO.,The Store Where Reliability Reigns.Hm.Now ShowingSpInLadies' and Misses'Suits, Dresses andCoats.Come in and Take a Look.Extra SpecialSILK SKIRTS, - $1 .BSack, White and All Colors.E; SPECIAL 'Tobacco Cotton at Lowest Prices., 'it9 IFrank & Co.Paris, - Kentuckyi9THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 12, 1912cATS WHAT HE LIKESAFTER TAKING FREE SAMPLEIt will be welcome news to dyspeprtics to learn of a remedy that, in theopinion of thousands, is an absolutecure for indigestion and all forms ofstomach trouble, and, better still, it-is' guaranteed to do so. The remedyis Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin.We all know the value of pure pep. sin in indigestion, and add to thissome exceptional laxative lngreuieiit-sAnd you have a truly wonderful remedy. Mr. T. W. Worthy of Forsythe, Ga., got to the point whereTie could not even eat or digest vegetables and after many years of seeking he found the cure in Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin. Mr. Rudy Kasner of Moline, 111., was in the samebad predicament with his stomach,-took Syrup Pepsin and is now cured.M KniirhnnDAVIS & FUNK, Props.W Telephone No. 4.BourbonSParis. Kentucky.jLiOoa,n.a.a,The Fastest Son ofSired by Allerton 2:09, the world's leading sire of standard performers;dam Katharina (great brood mare) , by Alcyone 2 :27 ; second dam KatieJackson; by Almont 33.. Holder of world's pacing record, 1)4 miles, 3:15X. TERMS: $50 TO INSURE A LIVING FOAL.Peter Billiken (3) 2:16 1-4Son of Peter The Great 2:07,leading" sire of futurity winners, dam Baron Lassie, by Baron Wilkes 2:18.Winnerof 6-heat race against aged horses.Terms: $50 to Insure a Living Foal.(2) 2.19Sire of Black Wig 2:07, Remorseful 2:08X, Dorcas H. 2:08J, Betsy G.:2:10, Katherine A. 2:11 (Ky Futurity winner 1902), Bessie Brown 2:12,Nedra W. 2:14, Rena Wise 2:15, Sheeney 2il54, Wig Wag 2:16, (champion of Europe) Durgee 2:19, and twenty-three others in 2:30 list.$25 To Insure a Living Foal.Tom IMCsloIslThecelebrated James E. Clay jack, will make the season at Maplehurst StockFarm.JToniMack is the best breeder of mutes that euer stood in the county.$1 2 to Insure a Living Foal.W. A. BACOfN, Paris, Ky,'One of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are ShowingA moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our pres-ten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Hot and ColdBATHSHot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.Hundreds of others would gladly testify. It is a guaranteed cure for indigestion, constipation, biliousness , headaches, gas on the stomach and similarcomplaints. A bottle can be had atany drug store for fifty cents or adollar, but if you wish to make a testof it first, send your address to Dr.Caldwell and he will supply a freesample bottle, sent direct to your address. You will soon admit that youhave found something-to replace salts,,cathartics, breath perfumes and othertemporary reliefs. Syrup Pepsin willcure you permanently.For the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell,- 402 Caldwell building,Monticello, 111.I nunrlrvww&wwOffice Opp. Postoffice.A P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. - You'll notregret it.WwLaundry ,2:02Allerton 2:09 VFRUIT AND SHADE TREES!Strawberry Plants, GrapeVines, Asparagus, Rhubarb, Roses, Panstes andFlox Everything for theOrchard, Lawn and Garden. Catalog free. Noagents.H, F. Hillenmeyer & Sons,Lexington, KentuckyProfessional CardsJ J. WILLIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Building:.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.T136.136.E. T. 334.ResidenceHome 334.DR. A. fc5 KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, SRooms 4. and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyFOR SALE PRIVATELY.Eight room frame residence and lotfronting seventy feet and ten incheson Higgins avenue, and two hundredand eight feet deep ; bath room, newroof, gas leading to huuse; large gardeu and good cistern.WM. A. GRIMES,E. T. phone 45 or 36423.tf ' , Parii, Xy.THE BOURBON NEWSPAHIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP, -PublisherEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and PridayOne Year 2.00 Six Months. .1.00Payable in AdvanceEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.Tbe right o? publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.'Protecting" (he Children.Nothing in the history Gf Americantariff making has so thoroughlydemonstrated the fallacy of the high tprotection principle as the testimonyof the Lawrence, Mass., mill strikers.In the same room where Carnegieand Schwab told how they had juggledmillions, the Rules committee of theHouse heard -fathers, mothers andchildren tell how whole families wereforced to live on $5 and $6 a week paidby the highly protected Wcolen Trust.The witnesses told how they wereforced to work ten hours a day ; howthey had to use a sort of molasses" esa substitute for butter ; how childrenhad to go into the mills at an earlystage in order to keep the family fromactual starvation, and how the constant demand of the mill owners wasfor more and more speed and less andless pay.In the committee room sat sme ofthe mil! giil iren, fresh from the mills,and a mere glance at them told morethan spoken or written volumes couldtell. All had pinched faces. All werepoorlydressed, some of .them having,only a cheap sweater in lieu of a coator overcoat. Most of them had dullexpressionless faces, in which herawas no trace of color or animation.All of them, moreover, were more orless deaf, because of their work amidthe fearful clatter of the mill machinery, so that at times the committeemembers almost had to shout to makethemselves heard. All the chilrdenlooked worn and old, as though theyhad been speeded up beyond the limitof endurance.These children revealed, as nothingelse could reveal, that both they andthe American'people are being cheatedby Schedule K. They both stood asliving proof that the manufacturers,after once getting the privilege oflevying a heavy tax on woolen goods,are not willing to divide their enormous protfis with the .workers in thewoolen industry. Under Schedule Kthe people are being tariff taxed forthe sole benefit of a few millionairewoolen trust magnates, ;and not forthe benefit of the workers in the woolen industry.Now that you know the truth Mr.and Mrs. Reader what are you goingto do about it. If you do not Know justwhat action to' take to make your feeling in the matter effective, here is asuggestion : You can vote and workagainst the party that framed Schedule K, and for the party that standspledged to reduce the tariff on woolens almost one half.Roosevelt Would Dodge Tariff.There is evry indication that formerresident Roosevelt intends to dodgethe tariff issue. In a recent statementfrom his headquarters it was declaredthat he would "rest his case on theissue he raised at Columbus." Inthat speech he ignored the tariff completely. Just ho Mr. Roosevelt proposes to relieve the people from paying tribute to the tariff trusts onpractically everything they buy is . amysteryfor which he so far has offered no explanation. Heretofore Col.! Roosevelt has been a staunch Aldrich,Penrose, Smoot man on the tariff, andsince thtir viewpoint is not popularjust now, Mr. Roosevelt evidently thasdecided it would be politic to keep hisusual silence on the tariff issue.The Philosophy of Mr. Micawber."My other piece of advice, Copperfield," said Mr. Micawber, "you know.Annual income, twenty pounds; annual expenditure, nineteen six; result,happiness. Annual income, twentypounds; annual expenditure, twentypounds ought and six; result, misery.The blossom is blighted, the leaf iswithered, the god of day goes downupon the dreary scene and and, inshort, you are forever floored. As Iam!" Dickens' "David Copperfield."A FAIR OFFER.Your Money Back if You're NotSatisfied.We pay for all the medicine usedduring the trial, if our remedy fails tocompletely relieve you of constipation.We tae all the risk. You are notobligated to us in any way whatever,if you accept our offer. That's amighty broad statement, but we meanevery word of it. Could anything bemore fair for you?A most scientific, common sensetreatment is Rexall Orderlies, whichare eaten like candy. Their activeprincipal is a recent scientific discovery that is odorless, colorless andtasteless; very prunounced, yet gentleand pleasant in action, and particularly agreeable in every way. They donot cause diarrhoea, nausea, flatulence,griping or any inconvenience whatever. Rexall Orderlies are particularly good for children, aged and delicatepersona.If you suffer from chronic or habitual constipation or the associate or dependent chronic ailments, we urgeyou to try Rexall Orderlies at our risk.Remember you can get them in Parisonly at our store. 12 tablets 10 cents;36 tablets, 25 cents ; 80 tablets, 50cents. Sold only at our store -TheRexall Store. G. S. Varden & Son.TinkeringWith the Calendar.Our poor old calendar, which hasserved its purpose for nearly 2,000years, with some slight modifications,contnues to be altogether unsatisfac-tiry to some learned menThe demand for a change is neitherwidespread nor lusty. Even if thecalendar leaves much to be desired,civilization as a whole is qiute willingto put up with its defects rather thanrisk the confusion and chaos thatwould certainly come with any atleraticn. But these practical considerations do not influence everybody, orotherwise there !. would be on foot atthe present time a movement to amendthe accepted method of reckoning themonths and days of the year.There have been many suggestionsas to the nature of the contemplatedreform, the reformers themselves being by no means agreed as to whatplan should be followed. The mostacceptable suggestion seems. to be thatof adding another month, redistributing the dayn of the present month, sothat each month should contain exactly twenty-eight days, and then providing an annual "no day" and u quadrennial "leap day" in order that thereformed calendar would keep pacewith the sun.-Advantages may be seen in theseproposals, but they will be more apparent to the theorist than to thepractical man. Those who advocatesetting forward the clocks in summerso as to gain more daylight for playtime may perhaps be won over by thearguments of the calendar reformers.But on this proposition the averageperson is a 'standpatter," quite content to let well enough alone.Holier Than Thou.Some men expect their neighbors tobe a little better than their neighbors'neighbor.Queen Crescent Route.Reduced fares to Cincinnati and retrun account World in Cincinnati," amissionary exposition of interest toall. Tickets on sale March 11 to 13,inclusive; 18 to 20 inclusive; 25 to 27,incluisve ; and April 1 to 3, inclusive ;good returning within four days including date of sale. Apply to nearestticket' agent Queen & Crescent routefor full information.FOR RENT.I have for rent or will lease for aterm of years the best livery and salebarn in Paris, Kentcuky. Situatedcorner Second and Main streets, opposite Windsor Hotl, posseeasion givenJan. 1, 1912. E. T.P hone 198.J. H. BUTLER,12 tf Paris, Ky.Young and old havethem. Some abuse them.They get tired, starved.SYMPTOMS: Loss ofsleep and appetite, indigestion, irritability,eventually wrecked constitution. Alcoholic remediesstimulate only.Emulsiisoothes and nourishes,feeds the nerves. Anatural nerve-food, containing the salts of Hypophosphites, lod ine andGlycerine.NO ALCOHOL.ALL DRUGGISTSouuuAre the Fly and Mosquito Bangefoas'TH n .1 f i 1JinS Uy, Willi Spongy ICUt, cuuuuiathem over our food and poisons us withDr. Pierce's Goidcn Medicalits bite injects into our veins malaria and yellow tever. ine bacteria ot consumption, or grip, are everywhere present for us to breathe irstoour Iun&;. The bloo-Iwhich flows through our veins and arteries is our protection. It should contaiafcealthv red and white blood corpuscles capable of warding eff these diseasepnrmsmade entirely without alcohol, a pure glyceric extract of bloodroot, golden seal,Oregon graoe root, oueen's root, mandrake and stone root, which has enjoyed aM.,Maguikb, Esq. Dr. Pierce'sGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOB AND LICENSED EMBALME8.BOTH'PKOSfES DAY 187; NIGHT 399.rhy not yon Joincustomers and burnNow is the time to try a load.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both, local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North Middletown, Little" Rock anRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporated..TICETOBUCBERS AND FABMERS!Market Price I am Paying For)Hides:Beef Hides, 10 1-4 to 11 1-2Cents per lb.MUX MUNICK,8th Street, PARI?, KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 374Jlnnk LahqbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.aug!6tfEast Tenn. Phoe 669NOLOWRY & TALBOTTFar is, KlentTJ.c!fc"V"ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.SSSSJ--rrJ -!K'c rfornin r.fuiu i b""" wi vnotraacn, apiCUUJtyphoid and cholera. The mosquito withDiscovery is a blood medicine and alterativogood reputation ior over soriy ya.d. a no reircsnmg influence of this extract is like Nature's influence the bloodis bathed in the tonic which gives life to the blood thevital fires of the body burn brighter and their increasedactivity consumes the tissue rubbish which has accumulatedduring the winter." About forty years 030 while in Newark, New Jersey, I had chHiarnd fever," -writes Slit. RtlCHAEli Uaguiue, of National Military Home.Iians. " I went to Kansas City and in the spring of 1877 the chills andfever returned. Doctors and everything I tried failed to do me good.Finally I saw Dr. Pierce's Go3den Medical Discovery advertised. I tool:one bottle of it and the chills vanished. In about a year afterwardI felt them coming back so I got another bottle and have never hadany symptoms of fever or ague since. That 13 all of twenty years age,for I had the chills about twelve years before I started to take GoldcaMedical Discovery.' "Plonscnt JPcIIsta are for liver His.1reat army oiModern Equipment,4 Barbers,Kot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDJoe. G. Mitchell,Against Fire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies. Phone 162Agent.will not be yours unless youhave aMaiestic Rano-ed -in Your Kitchen !1BARBERCome in and see them. Theyarevthe best made. vv-'-' i'-. ----- '-'VTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 12, 1912TEMPERAMENT IS ALL RIGHTQuality the World Seems Ever Willing to Condone, but Bewareof Temper.Of the prima donna -who tkrowethradish of spaghetti at her butler theworld saith: "She hath the artistic'temperament." And of the washerwoman who scaldeth her husbandwith a pot of bean soup the husband'srelatives saith: "She hath a devilishtemper."Cultivate temperament if thou wilt,but beware of temper. The rich man,in a burst of temper, bursteth a bloodvessel and droppeth dead. The poorman getteth hot in the collar, and thecollar, being celluloid, igniteth andburneth him to death. While angryat the woman he loveth, a man marryeth a woman he doth not love. And,behold, it costeth him half his fortuneto regain his temper and his freedom. Yet temper hth its uses. It giveth3- man courage to do that which heJacketh the nerve to perpetrate in coldblood. And it serveth as an admirableexcuse. If he saith: "Pardon me, Ihave such an ungovernable temper,"he is forgiven, as if he were a lunaticand not responsible.Temper maketh Johnny to go intotantrums. And, behold, his motherannounceth proudly: "Johnny is sucha high-strung child. So much temperament, don't you know." Which remarkJohnny often overheareth, and, beingwiser than thou wouldst expect ofsuch a mother, he stringeth her somemore and himself still higher, untilfather steppeth in with a shingle paddle and breaketh the string.Temper maketh madam to snap atthe hand of her husband when it petteth her. And hubby, saying; "She isso nervous," putteth on a glove thathis hand may not be lacerated, andcaresseth her more tenderly thanever.Temperament, like temper, is greatly overworked as an excuse. Theman who defraudeth the barber anddoth his best to keep the clcthescleaner and presser from earning a living,pleadeth in extenuation the poetictemperament. And the one who keepeth irregular hours and worse company, and whose shirt bosom feeleththe imprint of a rouged cheek moreoften than the touch of a laundress'hand, attributeth his delinquencies tothe Bohemian temperament. The supposed possession of a literary temperament hath led many a woman to takea course in the literature of the Italian renaissance when the needeth farworse a course of treatment by a manicurist, a modiste and a hairdresser.Verily, yea, -verily, a sweet temper ismore to be desired than a sweetheart,and is easier to keep Terrell LoveHolliday, in Fuck.This Happened on Mars.Allen Hello, Duncan, old man!How're things? vDuncan Pretty good, pretty good.And with you?Allen Can't complain particularly.Get a little short of cash sometimesbusiness is growing fast and I haveto pretty near pawn my watch on occasions to keep going. You know howit is; prosperity is sometimes actually a drag on your pocketbook. That'sa preliminary to asking you if you've$10 loose that you can let me haveuntil next week Thursday. Got to getthe wife a little present for her birthday, and haven't a cent to do it with.Duncan Why, sure. More, if youwant And never mind about paying me Thursday; wait until I wantsome money and come to you.Allen Nix. Thursday goes and tenis all. Thanks. So long.Duncan (Thursday) Morning, Allen. Great weather.Allen All to the good. You'relooking fine. Say, here's that ten.Much obliged. Nothing like havingfriends to help a man once in a while.Duncan Oh, you needn't have hurried. I'd clean forgotten about thisten.Allen Well, I don't forget themoney I owe or what's owed me.Thanks again for your loan. S'long.Exchange.Curious White Island.What is perhaps the most extraordinary island in the world is that whichlies thirty miles to the northeast ofNew Zealand. White Island is anenormous mass of rock nearly threemiles in circumference, rising 900 feetabove the sea, and is perpetually enveloped in dark clouds that are visiblefor nearly 100 miles. This island consists almost entirely of sulphur, witha small percentage of gypsum. Someyears ago an attempt was made tofloat a company to work the sulphur,which is of high quality, but sufficientcapital was not subscribed. The export of sulphur from White Island istherefore still very small. In the interior is a lake fully fifty acres in extent, the water of which has a temperature of 110 degrees Fahrenheit,and it is strongly impregnated withacids. On one side of this lake arecraters from which steam escapeswith great force and noise. This steamand the vapor from the lake form thedark clouds that envelop the island.Explained."I am sorry to see .you here again,"said the judge."You're not half as sorry as I am,judge," said the prisoner."Bad company, my man, as I toldyou before, is sure to bring you back,"said the judge."Yes, judge," said the prisoner. "ButT rsn'f liin mvself. I tried to avoidthis vulgar cop, but he -just reg'larlythrust hisself upon me." HarpersWeekly. , .DANDYISM SERVED HIM WELLUnwilling to Go to the Guillotine -WithoutHis Boots, Condemned ManCheated Death.In the French Revolution a feuilletonist named Schlaberndorf, whopossessed considerable ability as awriter, by heartily espousing the causeof the Girondists in all that emanatedfrom his pen rendered himself obnoxious to Robespierre, and at the dictation of that fierce leader was incarcerated. When the death cart one morning came to the prison for its load ofthose that were that day to be butchered, Schlaberndorf's name was on thelist of the condemned. The jailer informed him that such was the case,and the writer dressed himself for hislast ride very nonchalantly and hewas extremely fastidious as to his personal appearance with great care.His boots, however, he could not find.Here, there, everywhere, assisted byhis jailer, he looked for them to noavail."I am quite willing to be executed,"said he to the jailer, after their fruitless search, "but really I should beashamed to go to the guillotine without my boots. Nor do I wish to detain this execution party," he added,smiling grimly. "Will it make anydifference if my execution is deferreduntil tomorrow? By that time I shallprobably succeed in finding'my boots.""I don't know that it will matterparticularly when you are guillotined,"responded the functionary, betweenwhom and Schlaberndorf there had existed a sort of friendship. "Supposewe call it tomorrow, then?""All right," and the jailer allowedSchlaberndorf to remain, not unwillingly, as owing to his universal goodhumor he was especially liked' by allthe jail attendants.The following morning when thecart drew up before the prison doorfor its batch of victims Schlaberndorf,dressed in his best, including the bootsthat had been found, stood waitingthe summons of the jailer to take hisplace therein. Meantime, however, anew jailer had taken the place of theold one, the latter himself having suddenly been displaced by reason of suspected dislo3Talty to the revolutionists,and Schlaberndorf's name was notcalled that morning. Nor was it calledthe next morning, nor the morningafter that; nor, indeed, ever again. Itwas believed by all outside of hisfriends inhe jail that he had perishedon the morning originally set for him.He remained in prison until the swayof Robespierre had ended. Then heregained his liberty, as did the rest ofthose prisoners whose heads had notfallen beneath the blood-stained ax.Hidden Women of Persia.Should the women of Persia everget a vote, they will doubtless seeto it that the lot of their sex is considerably improved, for at the present time they are regarded as nonentities. A husband in Persia neverspeaks of his wife to his acquaintances, and, if obliged to mention her,it is by some other term than wife,as "mother of my son," of "my house."She must not exist for anyone buther husband and from all others shemust be hidden non-existing. Forthis reason when the harems of governors or very high personages passthrough the streets of Persia the menwhom they meet either turn theirbacks or slip down a by-street orInto some convenient doorway.On passing a European, If sure thatnone of her co-religionists see her, awoman, particularly if she be youngand good looking, will often raise herveil, from under which a pair of darkeyes follow the stranger with a curious gaze.Maidens wishing to get married visIt the tomb of some sacred woman.There are many such tombs. Marriages are contracted very early.Sometimes, owing to' family reasons,one hears of a youth of 15 or 16married to a girl much older. Themarriage for a girl is fixed at 9.Brooklyn Eagle.Honest Election.Much of the grim humor one hearsamong practical politicians has to dowith these incorruptibles who owetheir positions to corruption. A casein point is that of a member of thesupreme court of a western state, whobegan his career by running for congress. The story was told to me byone of the workers who secured hiselection."One day the candidate met me,"said my informant, to whom I hadbeen introduced by a practical politician, as he took me Into his confidence and began to talk as one bribermight to another, "and asked me howthings were going in a certain district " 'Fine,' I replied. Tou will have agood majority there.'"'I am not surprised,' he said enthusiastically. 'When I was speakingthere I made the best speech that Imade in the whole campaign.' "The worker nudged me as he said:"It cost us just $7,000 to win that particular district for him, and -hethought his speech did ..it." TheForum.True."Now, Johnny," said the teacher after she had explained the meaning ofthe word, "I wish you would write asentence containing defeat."After a struggle which lasted forabout twenty minutes Johnny announced that he .was ready to beheard."Please read your composition," theteacher directed."When you git snoea uai uic,Johnny read "it's hard on de feet" rSingleHere's Mews-Big News for EveryHome--and Home, that's Soon to be, in ParisTiie homes your home9 for some time has needed new things.Perhaps for many months "a home of iheir own" has Jbeen the thoughtof many a newly married couple,, -Why have yoiLS waited? Why deray yotsr home eiecded comforts-or yourselvesa raeeded home?Vols raeed wait no Bosmger. Birarag the home's wants-the home wants to thisstore. The goods the prices the easy payments wSSS bring, Jn pSeasing9 satisfying reaSaty, aSfl that your home needs.Come in then Set us f iSS the wants comyleteJy to-day, won't you?OO 00$$$3$OOOOOOOC$CO 4ExtensionhiesfA solid Oak ExtensionTable, square top, 5 legs,6 feet long, $4.50.Also a round PedestalTable, solid QuarteredOak, 4-3-inch top, justlike cut, highly polished,for $14.75.oGOooKitchen Cabinet, tifTtiirvttus Ho'onia-You sec with the doorsof your Kitchen Cabinetopen you have a complete labatory in front ofyou. All necessary equipments for the preparingof food is at the tips ofof your fingers.soooCookStoves.$10TS upWe are showing the largest line of Cook Stovesand Ranges in Paris, andat prices on Cook Stoves$10.75, Ranges $25.00and up.6-A. F. Wheeler Furniture Company,JMain Street, Paris, Ky.CHAS. GREEN, SMgr.Opp. Court HouseThe Men Who Succeedas heads of large enterprises are menof great energy. Success today demands health. To ail is to fail. It'sutter folly for a man to endure a weakrun-down, half alive condition whenElectric Bitters will pnt him right onhis feet in short order. "Four bottlesdid me more real good than any othermedicine T ever took," writes Chas.B. Allen, Sylvania,Ga. "After yearsof suffering with rheumatism, livertrouble, stomach disorders, and deranged kidneys, I am again, thanksto Electric Bitters, sound and well."Try them. 50c at Oberdorfer's.State of Ohio, City of Toledo, JLucas Ccunty. )Frank J. Cheney maks oath that heis senior partner of the firm of F. J.Cheney & Co., doing business in thecity of Toledo, county and stateaforesaid, and that said firm will paythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each an every case of catarrh that cannot be cured by the useof Hall's Catarrh Cure.FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and subscribedin my presence this 6th day of December, A. D. 1886.A. W. GLEASON,Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally and acts directly on the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Send for testimonials free.F. J. CHEENY & CO.. To'edo, O.Sold cy all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills tor constipation.What We Never Forgetaccording tc science, are the thingsassociated with our early home life,such as Bucklen's Arnica Salve, thatmother or grandmother used to cureour burns, boils, scalds, sores, skineruptions, cuts, sprains or bruises.Forty years of cures- prove its merit.Unrivaled for piles, corns or cold sores.Only 25c at Oberdorfer's.Many Driven From Home.Ever year m many parts t'necountry thousands are driven fromtheir homes by coughs and lung diseases. Friends and business are leftbehindj for other climates, but thjs iscostly and not always sure. A betterway the way of multitudes is touse Dr. King's New Discovery andcure yourself at home. Stay right4there with your friends and take thissafe medicine. Throat and lung troubles find quick relief and health re?turns. Its help in coughs. colds,gripcroup,whooping cough and sore lungsmake it a positive blessing. 50c and$1. Trial bottle free. Guaranteed,by Oberdorfer. - 'sSmoKc Nuisance. it"Mother, what is a smokenulsance?"'Your father."MMAreYouli iaTAKEWoman 7 i:8Uncle Ezra Says"It don't take more'n a gill uv effortto git folks into a peck of trouble,"and a little neglect of constipation,biliousness, indigestion or other Ijverderangement will do the same. If ailing take Dr. King's New Life Pillsfor quick results' Easy, - safe,1 sure,and only L5c at Oberdorfer's.Thea d n li i iA II II U I iWoman's Tome Iv T -THE BOURBON -NEWS, PARIS KENTUCKY, MARCH 12, 19121Mit1If You Eat You Need "Digestif5The New Relief For IndigestionIt has been stated that more thaneighty million people in the UnitedStates are victims of some form ofindigestion. The American people donot take time enough to eat. The result is stomach distress, gas, belching,Indigestion and dyspepsia.'Digestif' is the new relief it hasbeen found a certain quick and permanent remedy. Thousands of peopieliave found relief from its use. Theirown statements on file in our officeare proof. You can try it for yourselfwithout any fisk if it fails to giveyou absolute satisfaction your moneywill b returned. 1 'Digestif' is a little tablet easy to swallow and absolutelv harmless. It rel.eves indigestion almost instantly, stops food fermentation, prevents distress after eating and cures dyspepsia. You need iteven though you are not sick it aidsdigestion and gives you all the nourishment from your food 50c. Askat G. S. Varden & Son's.17Selz Fine Shoes For Men.You hear a good deal now-a-days about "guaranteed" merchandise; especially Shoes.Sometimes if s a guarantee that the shoes are made of goodleather, with a lot ot detail about the way they're made, tielzshoes are guaranteed to be satisfactory to you. What do you carewhat the shoes are made of if they're not satisfactory to you.Sometimes it's a guarantee that the shoes shall wear a certainlength of time: Selz shoes are guaranteed to be satisfactory toyou. "What difference does it make how long they last, if they'renot satisfactory? The longer dissatisfaction lasts the worse offyou are.Selz shoes are guaranteed to be satisfactory; and that meansyour satisfaction, not ours or Selz. It means good leather ofcourse ; poor leather wouldn't be satisfactory. It means long service, of course; a shoe that wears out too soon isn't satisfactory.It means correct style and good fit; you wouldn't be satisfied withanything less.The Selz: GuaranteeThe name SELZ stamped on the sole of ashoe is a guarantee of 'absolute satisfaction. Remember, your dealer is authorized to see thatyou get absolute satisfaction from every pair ofshoes bearing the mark-Largest Makersof Good Shoes inthe World.J. H. JOSSELSON, Sole Agt.Paris, KentuckyJBourbon Man Wins Laurels.To R. M. Talbott, a young Bourboncounty man, has,, according to cabledreports from Peking Saturday night,fallen the laurels of bein the American hero of the bloody campaign ofmutiny now being waged in that ity.The story of his heroism is told in acablegram from Peking, which followsin part:"R. M. Talbott, a young American, employe in the customs service, went'alone at midnight riding nearly fivemiles to the Bureau of Printing andEngraving to relieve the anxiety ofseveral American families there."A shell falling into the compoundoccupied by the American guard atthe legation caused unixety lest thiswas the signal for a general attack.Mr. Russell therefore refused to senddetachments after the Americans at adistance until morning. Talbott firstventured among the looting solidersand ascertained that they were notattacking foreigners.33Jap ModelIs the BusinessMan's Favoritewith its comfortable, roomy fittingqualities, its low,broad heel, and toeexpression of goodsense.We picture the JapfModel in a soft Glazed 'Kid Blucher,' with aheavy single sole of oldfashioned oak - tannedleather. We have othermodels of the NettletonMake; but recommendthe Jap to the busy manfor every day wear.VGeo. McWilliams.(Continued From Page 1.)existed here it had not been called tohis notice, but that the report shouldbe investigated without regard forthe station of those who might bedrawn into the investigatoin, and ifthe evidence was sufficient to returnan indictment they should do so without the least hesitancy.He stated to the jury if there wasone of their numoer who thought hecould not do the duty which was imposed upon him by oath, he shouldstate the case before the body retiredto beign its deliberations, and whichwould result in his discharge from theservice. The jury then retired to begin its arduous labors.During the morning 'session resolution in respect to Judge RussellMann, passed by the Bourbon BarAssociation were presented by Attorney Wm. Grannan and ordered to bemade of record.Judge Stout appointed Attorney C.A. McMillan Master Commissioner ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court to fill thevacancy occasioned by the death ofJudge Russell Mann. His bond, withJ. T. Hinton, Buckner Woodford, J.V. Davis and W. H. McMillan asurety, was approved by the court.This morning the Commonwealthdocket will be taken up.The fiest.Candy.g Meniers' chocolates at 40 centspound good as any at t75 kcents.one box.12 3t Lh CHAS. E. BUTLER & CO.perTryGarden Seeds.Fine seed potatoes and garden seedof all kinds, Remember we sell onlythe kind that grow.5tf T. LENIHAN.MATRIMONIAL.A message wnich was received Saturday by Mrs. Richard Butler, announcing the death of her brother,Mr. Joseph Innes, which occurred Saturday night in Phoenix, Arizona. Atthe time of his death his mother, Mrs.Carrie Innes Fisher, of this city, wasat his bedside.Mr. Innes, who was aged about 23years, has been in declining health forseveral years and went West with thehope of securing relief. He has madeseveral trips to his old home and onhis last visit which was about a yearago, he shewed some improvement.iwo weeks ago his mother receivedi notice of his serious illness and leftimmediately for his bedside. She willascompany tht remains home,j The body it is expected will arrivej in this city tonight on the 10:40 L. &j N. train and in that event the funeralwill probably be held from the resijdence of Mrs.-Richard Butler on Highstreet Wednesday afternoon at 2o'clock.conducted by Elder J. T. Sharrard. The burial will take place in theHildreth burying ground near CaneKidgevThe pallbearers will be Richard Butler, E. B. Hedges, Arthur Galbraith,J. H. Rcseberry, Asa Jewell and W.H. Harris.Mrs. B. F. Remington DiesSuddenly.The community was shocked Sunday evening when the announcementwas made of the sudden death of M rs.B. F. Remington which occurred about5:30 o'clock. Mrs. Remington was inapparently good health and kad spenta happy day Sunday with her husbandand children, preparing a birthdaydinner for her Bon.Mr. Frank Remington, aid enjoyed the occaison withthose present.Shortly after live o'clock she stepped out of the house for a few minutes. Not returning immediately theanxiety of the household was arousedand uponi nvestigation she was foundlying Jin the yard gasping for breath.She was carried into the house whereshe expired instantly and before medical aid could be summoned.Mrs. Remington, before marriage,was Miss Mary Softer, of Lexington,and in June of 1856 was united inmarriage to Mr. 13. F. Remington.For several years following theirmarriage they resided in CynthianaSoving to Paris in 1869. Had Mrs.Remington lived until the fourteenthof April she would have been seventyfour years.bhe was one or the most prominentwomen of Bourbon county, and washighly regarded by all who knew her.Being of a kindly disposition she acquired the friendship of everyone withwhom she came in contact, all ofwhom spoke of her in the highestterms and who will mourn her suddendeath.Mrs. Remington was a member ofthe Christian church professing faithat an early age. During the past fewyears of her life she has been veryreserved, spending all of her time inher home ministering to her familyandp rerorming kindly acts toward, her neighbors. Although advanced inyears she appeared to be in the bestof health and none of her family knewof her sueffring fiom any serious ailment.In her death the community losesone of it3 most lovable women and thehubsand and children a dutiful wifeand kind and loving mother. In this,cneir aarK nour or Dereavement, weextend to them our deepest and mostheartfelt sympathy.Besides her husband she is survivedby four sons and four daughters. Theyare William Remington, editor of theParis Democrat; Ed. Remington, ofSt. Louis; Fraizer Remington, ofSpokane, Wash. ; Frank Remington, ofdans; Mrs. William Howard and Mrs.J. P. Mann, of Richmond, Mrs. MamieParrish, of Lexington, and Mrs. AliceFisher, of Carlisle.The funeral will be held from herlate residence on Houston avenue thisafternoon at 2:30 o'clock, conducteaby Elder J. T. Sharrard. The pallbearers will be J. W. Davis, Dr. Wm.Kenney, J. M. Flanagan, Prof. G. W.Chapman, E. B. January, Dr. F. L.Lapsley, Custis Talbott and W. C.Dojson.Girl's Team Adds AnotherVictory.The undefeated girls' basket ballteam of the Paris High School annexedan other victory at the High Schoolgymnasium Saturday night when theydefeated the Collegiate Institute tearrof Corbin by the over whelming scoreof 40 to 6. They clearly outclassedtheir opponents at every point and atno time during the contest did theyextend themselves. Miss Rummans,the fast guard on the local team wasthe stellar performer of the eveningand during the contest threw twelvefield goals. The visitors were aparently very weak on defense and accuracyand at no time during the two periodswere the local girls in danger of defeat. During the second half MissTaul, ot the Paris team, suffered asevere injury by a fall and was compelled to retire from the game. Itwas first thought her hip had beendislocated but the nature of the injurywas no greater than a severe bruise,which, however, is sufficient to keepher out of the game for some tinje.The line-ups follow :Paris Mieses Heller, Chambers,guards ; Hayden center ; Taul, Slicerand Rummans, forwards.Corbin Misses Larue, Sowell andRitter, guards; Lacy, center; Butcherand Sheet, forwards.Foul goals Butcher, 3; Heller, 4.Field goals Sheet, 1; Hayden, 2;Taul, 3; Rummans, 12.Referee Mr. Jordan, of Corbin;umpire Miss Wallace, of Paris.f IT I 1 ....vveanesaay evening the boys' teamwill meet the Richmond High Schoolteam at the High Srhool gymnasiumOn) l?irl1t snots i-1 ' 1 -1 1auu x-iiucijr evening LlJtJ giriS Will gOco ruenmona ior a game and w hippCorbin again in that city Saturdaynight.Wall Paper Time.M.... : i-1 i. r r . -,-luw la Lue tune oi year to do yourpapering ror spring. Our stock wasnever so lull and complete with beaucuui patterns. Something entirelynew. tome in and look over the bisaiuuK. uur decorators arts ready towait on you. Prices to suit all Docketbooks,J. T. HINTON.Want Tobacco land.Ten or twelve acres to raise onshares in Bourbon or adjoining county.Address.8-3b21:West Pine Street,Lexington, Ky.Guaranteed Cure.i. XI 1 T7! 1 Mlmc guaj.aui.ee mac vinoi will cure ahard cold.hackmg cough and all throatand bronchial troubles, or refundmoney.VARDEN & SON, Agents.Mountain Lions Are In Jail.Andy McGee, Chas. Sturgin, ArthurHouston and Gano Gambol, all givingEast Bernstadt, Ky., as their place ofresidence, were arrested Saturdaynight by Patrolman Fred Link onEighth street, upon complaint of several people who had passed in thatneighborhood of the disorderly quartete who were using the most profanelanguage and flourishing revolvers.Patrolman Link succeeded in landingall of the men with the exception ofGambol who made his escape from theofficer, but was later taken into custody at the interurban station. All ofthe men carried heavy revolvers withthe exception of Sturgin and in policecourt yesterday he was arraigned on acharge of disorderly conduct andfined $7.50, while each of, his threecompanions were given a fine of S50and costs and a jail sentence of ten !days for carrying concealed weapons.Cantrill Declared Nominee.After hearing argument in the Gan-trill-Schoherthprimary contest JudgeNunn, of the Court of Appeals, Saturday afternoon refused to further restrain the Seventh Congressional District Committee from proceeding todeclare Congressman Campbell Cantrill the Democratic nominee to succeed himself, Harry Sdioberth havingfailed to put up his entrance fee inf.he race- NBy this action of the court the primary for March 16 is called off, andUanrill will go on the ballot as theDemocratic nominee.Judge Nunn wrote the followingbrief opinion :"The most of the questions raised onthis motion are merely political, andthis court has no jursidiction of them.The statute. Section 1563, Ky. Statutes, requiring the members of thecommittee to take the oath does nothave the effect to render their actsvoid. The motion to dissolve the injunction is sustained. Chief JusticeHobson and Judges Carroll, Settle andLassing concur in this conclusion."The District Committee met immediately following the decision in theoffice of Attorney General Garnett anddeclared Cantrill the nominee.Judge Sam M. Wilson, of Lexington,presented the case for the Schoberthside, and Judge O'Rear, of Frankfort,for Cantrill.The following dispatch from Frankfort yesterday says :"Although Congressman CampbellCantrill, of Georgetown, was awardedthe Democratic nomination for Congress in the Seventh district Saturdayhis right to the nomination may bequestioned again."Before Judge Nunn had handeddown opinion of the Appellate Courtholding that the call for the primaryMarch 16 as not invalidated becausethe district committeemen were notsworn before calling the primary, theHouse of Representatives had passedthe bill of Senator Prichard redisricting the State into 11 Concessionalditsricts and adding four counties tothe Seventh district."The new counties are Clark, Powell, Estill and Lee. The chairman ofthe Democratic committee in thesecounties did not have the opportunityto participate in the meeting in whichthe primary was called."Representative Harry Schoberth,of Versailles, opponent of Cantrill, hasbeen advised by several of the leadingattorneys in this district that theaction of the Legislature invali Jatesthe call for the primary, and anothersiege in the courts is the prospect forCongressman Cantrill."Immense Line New Wall Paper.Call at my store and pick from thelarge new spring stock of wall paperjust what you need and have it put on,now and avoid the spring rush. Expert decorators ready to do your bidding. J. T. HINTON.A Cure ior Hog Cholera.If your hogs are sick come in andget Laughlin's Cholera Cure, and Ccurethem. The best farmers in Bourboncounty will tell you it cures. For saleonly byCHAS. E. BUTLER & CO.,Druggists.20 tf Opp. Court House, Paris.The World in Cincinnati.There will be numerous special daysduring the four weeks that "TheWorld in Cincinnati" Exposition willbe open in Music Hall, Cincinnati.Chief among these are the Denominational Days for the churches. Aspecial day will be set aside for eachof the largest religious denominationsco-perating with the Eposition. Thedays which have been settlel uponare:March 14 United Brethren Day. -March 19 Episcopalian Day.March 21 Presbyterian Day.March 22 Lutheran Day.March 26 Methodist Day.March 2iJ-r-Disciple3 of Christ Day.The dates for Baptist, Evangelicaland other days have not yet beenselected.The arrangements for an appropriateobservance of these days, which areexpected to attract many visitors helonging to each particular denomination, are in hands of committeescomposed of laymen and ministers.Special days for young peoplessocieties, a foreign missionary day, ahome missionary day, a Gprman dayand special State days for the statesof Kentucky, Indiana and Ohio, havealso been decided upon, but the atrangements nave not yet Been completed and the dates not yet selectedAll the Saturdays beginning withMarch 16 will be called children'sdays, and under a special plan children of Cincinnati and vicinity, and infact any large number of childrenfrom Sunday schools or day schools,accompanied by adults, will be admitted netween nine and twelve o'clock inthe morning for five cents each, if notice is given several days in advance.Saves 0neHalf.Save one half your clover seed andinsure a stand. See the clover seeddrill on sale by Yerkes & Prichard. Itwill do it. 9 8tNewspaper Plant Burned.Fire thought tc have originated fromdefective overhead wiring almost completely destroyed the plant of the Winchester Democrat, semi-weekly, Saturday morning at 1 o'clock. The stockin the job printing shop connected withthe newspaper was almost totally destroyed, as was also the type settimrmachine, type and other equipment inthe office. The loss is estimated at$3,000, covered by insurance, but it isnot thought the owners will be able toget out an edition of their paper forabout two weeks. The fire gained considerable headway before the fire department arrived, and only a smallportion of the contents were saved.Saves One Half.Save one half your clnver seed andinsure a stand. See the clover seeddrill on sale by Yerkes &,Frichard. Itwill do it.9 8tIMatchlessShowing of TheNewSPRING SUITSATAt$25and $30IThere's no reason why you should not be attired thisseason as smartly and correctly as any of the dwellers inthe metropolitan cities. Your new Spring Suits may haveall the chic, distinctiveness, gracefulness of draping andperfection of fit that distinguish the suits worn on theavenues or boulevards of New York or Chicago and at alower cost than you think providing you' choose your newSpring Suit at this store.Here is gatheredlthe biggest and choicest collection ofSpring Suits at 25 and $30 we have ever shown the pickof the production of the leading fashion creators of thecountry manufacturers who number among their patronsthe largest and most exclusive stores in the United States.They are garments such as custom tailors receive 50 to 60for. The best of the new and approved styles, every newand worthy material, such as English whipcords, Frenchserge, wide wale diagonals and Scotch wool crashes in thefashionable colors navy, white, black, tan, sepia brownand yacht blue is represented. Amongst such a varietyyou can surely find YOUR particular style, material and1size.Come and pick YOUR suit now while the assortmentis complete and at its best too, our exceptional values willprove a strong inducement to make purchases at once.Wolf, Wile & Co.,formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.LgtonKv.908SPECIALS8 FOR THIS WEEK: 8T7" n m r ni.i -t r -,888888888888Kellogg's Toasted Corn Flakes, 10c grade, per box. . .5cNice Fresh Fgs, per lb 8cFancy Florida Oranges, per doz 25cGood Quality Brooms 35cGood Hearth Brooms 15cBest Quality Hard-Wood Clothes Baskets, large 50cCod Fish, per lb. 1 5cBest Grade Dried Herring 18cMackerel, large size, 3 for 25cSteel Cut Monibak Coffee, 3 lbs $ 1 .OOBest grade Cara-Van Coifee, per lb 30cOld Reliable Coffee, per lb 30cWe have all grades of the National Biscuit Co. rs Goods.Purity, Red Cross and "Lexington Maid" Flour.Fresh MeatsHome-killed Meats, guaranteed: Shipped Meats, under government inspection take your choice.Morning Glory brand Hams and Breakfastbacon, thebest on the market, sliced thick or thin, without cost.!!!SPECIAL NOTICE!!!We will duplicate Anybody's Prices,and Your Credit is Good for 30 Days.GIVE US A. TRIAL ORDERA. W. COTTI INGHAM,The Up -Town Grocer, South Main St.Both Telephones No. 7:::::t:UNITED STATES post office, Paris,Ky., March 20, 1912. Sealed proposals will be received at this building until 2 o'clock p. m., April 8,1912, for furnishing fuel, lights,water, ice, miscellaneous supplies,washing towels, hauling ashes, andsprinkling streets for this buildingduring the fiscal year ending June30, 1913, or such portion of the yearas may be deemed advisab e. Theright to reject any and all bids is- reserved by the Treasury Department. N. A. Moore, Custodian.Cottage For Sale.Five room cottage located at thecorner of Main and Twelfth streets,contains hall, nice bath room, with hotand cold water. Both water and gas inkitchen. Splendid cistern at door.This house is centrally located and isin first class repair, the rooms heme-newly papered. The lot fronts 65 feeton Main street and runs along Twelfthstreet a distance of 107 1-4 feet Forfurther information apply toMRS. G ROVER C. BAf.nWTN5 tf. ... . E. T. bhone.424.Embroideryan d StampingThe undersigned is prepared;- to do all kinds of Fancy Embroidery Work and Stampingof the latest patterns. Workguaranteed and satisfactiongiven m regard to prices.The public trade is respectfully solicited.miss Cida B Duerson,mm Strt, bet. stft and 6tmInsure with W.Prompt payingcompanies. ,O. Hinton.non - union.tf:::3j5 -14. V ' '5fW L7tTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, f MAftGHrl 2,1 912HE BOURBON NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THC BESTOF EVERYTH'Nr;tipBock Beer.John Hauck's famous bock beer onB. WEISSBERG.Meeting Postponed.The Woman's Society of the Christian church have postponed its meetinguntil Thursdas' afternoon on account ofthe funeral of Mrs. Frank Kemington.They will meet with Mrs. Clifton Arnsparger on Duncan avenue at 2:30 p.m.Fresh Fish Today.Fresh fish received daily. Phone usyour order early.1 tf SAUER.Sentence for Stealing CoalSid Stout and Jude Miller, othcolored, were in Squire Fretwell'scourt yesterdav on a charge of stealing coal from the Louisville and Nashville railroad comoany. Each wasgiven a sentence of ninety days in jail.They were arrested by , PatrolmanLink.tapBock Beer.John Hauck's famous bock beer ontf. WEISSBERG.Leave for Northwest.Messrs. Clay Kissr and Jason Redmon left Saturday for the Northwest,Mr. Kisei going direct to Canada,while Mr. Redman will enter an engineering school in Minneapolis and laterwill go to Rosetown, Canada. Theseyoung gentlemen will be absent nearlya year.Bock Beer.F John Hauck's famous beck beer ontap.B. WEISSBERG.Cleaning Up Day in May.As chairman of the Civic Work inthe Progressive Culture Club, Mrs.Robert Goggin is planning to have acleaning up day in Paris in the monthof May. Mayor Hinton has promisedhis co-operation and every citizenshould take an active interest in thework, and begin p'ans and preparations now in order to make this anevent of great importance for the improvement of appearances as well astor the sanitary good of our city.Vinol.1 We guarantee thi t famous and delicious cod liver oil preparation Vinol.VARDEN & SON. Agents.Sentence Suspended.Walter Johnson, aged about 15years, of Millersburg, was in theJuvenile court baturday morning.Johnson was charged with robbing thes ore of H. S. Endicott in Millersburgof a number of razors, which he disposed of to various parties. After theeidence in the case was heard JudgeDundon sentenced the boy to twoyears in the reform school, suspendingsentence, however, on good behavioraid requiring bond of.his mother, Mrs.Lizzie Johnson, to execute the orderof the court.Spring Opening.Everybody is cordially invited to bepresent at our spring opening Thursday, March 21. Music from 1 to 5 p.m. and 7 to 9 p. m.SIMON DEPT. STORE.For Sale.One 18x24 1203 whiteCall Home phone 294.tarpaulin.Crossing to be Changed.1 The dangerous crossing on the Peacock pike, near the city limits ofParis, is to be converted from a gradecrossing into an underground passaeeway. In the work of double trackingand regrading the L. & N. railroadtrack was 'raised at the crossing sothat a change in the crossing wasnecessary. The cut will begin severalhundred feet ncrth of the presentcrossing and will continue in a gradualdecline to a point near the bridge overStoner.Great Strength Creator.Do you know Vinol is the greateststrength creator for old peuple knownto medicine Try it on our guarantee., VARDEN & SON, Agent.Negro Thieves Arreste d.Bess Gikley, colored, and his brother, Martin Gilkey are in jail awaitingtrial on a charge of burglary. Thetwo negroes on Thursday night entered the store of Bruce Holladay andafter rifling the cash register carriedaway a number or articles which thepolice believe they have secreted neartheir home in Kuckerville.An entrance was made to the storeof Mr. Holladay ;from the rear, thenegroes passing through the rearyards of the buildings occupied by theWestern Union Telegraph Co., Dr.Wm. Kenney. Mrs. M. Parker andMrs. Mary Paton.Bess Gilkey, who has been employedat the store for about three years, andwho failed to put in his appearanceFriday was suspected cf committingthe burglary. A warrant was issuedfor his arrest, and Sunday morningabout 3 o'clock he was taken into custody by Patrolman Link and McRenngy, as he was coming from his homein Ruckerville.After being questioned by the policehe confessed to having robbed thestore and implicated his brother, whowas arreted yesterday by PatrolmanLick ard lodged in jail." The negroes secured the sum of $6.40from the cish dwer and it is believed made plf wun a large quantity ofPERSONAL MENTION,Mr. John M. Clay is ill from anattack of grippe. -Capt. J. W. Taylor is ill at hisnome on nigh street.Mr. Harry Simon is spending several days in Cincinnati.Mr. H. M. Robeson, of Charleston,W. Va. is a visitor in the city.Miss Clara Belle O'Neil is quitefiick with an attack of grippe.Mayor J. T. Hinton was a businessvisitor in Cincinnati last week.Mr. R. M. Rice, who Jhas beencritically ill, iB slightly improved.Miss Hattie Clark, who has beenill for several weeks is improving.Mr. Louis Fee, who has beenquite ill with pneumonia, is improving.Mrs. Bruce HardeBty has returnedto her home in Lexington after a visitin this city.Miss Louise Myall, of Millersburg,spent the week end with Miss Margaret Douglas.. Mrs. Maggie Rogers McClintockis ill at the home of her uncle, Mr.Silas Bedford.Mrs. Allen Wilson, of Red House,is the guest of her daughter, Mrs.Chester Amyx.Miss Stella Owens has returnedfrom Martinsville, Ind., greatly improved in health.Mr. and Mrs. Harrv Saloshin arrived home last night from their brid-ai tour in the South.n fn.iL...i t imr. rreu iouiisrr.an nas returnedfrom Lancaster, where he has beenbuying hump for Spears & Sons.Miss Elizabeth Johnson of Mt.Sterling has returned home after avisit of three weeks to Mrs. ReynoldsLetton.Mrs. N. H. Bay less, Sr., has returned from Florida., having visitedTampa, St. Petersburg, St. Augustineand Jacksonville.Mrs. L A. Soper, of Little Rock,hps been quite sick for two weeksv. ith inflammatory rheumatism, but isslowly improving.Mrs. Ullman Lancaster and littleson, who have been the guests of relatives lierefor several dajs returnedyesterr'ay to their home in Middlesboro. Miss Bettis Meris, of London, whois attending the Millersburg FemaleCollege, was the guest last week atthe home oQMr. and Mrs. W. 0. Chambers. Mr. Thomas Beeding, ex-sheriffof Bourbon county and a former resident of Paris, will move this weekwith his family to his farm near Lexington to reside.Miss Goldie Saloshin has returnedfrom Cincinnati, where she attended ahouse party the past week. She wasaccompanied hortie by Miss Ethel Hermann, of Cincinnati, who will makeher a visit.Miss Ruth Morgan, of Nahville,Tenn., late of Paris, was subjected toa third operation a few days ago,which has given HomeTrelief, and she isconsidered improving with stronghopes for her ultimate recovery.Mrs. Withers Davis entertainedwith a beautiful party Saturday afternoon at her home on Pleasant streetto announce the engagement of hersister-in-law, Miss Katherine Davis,and Mr. Henry Craig, of Georgetown.The announcement came as a pleasant surprise to the friends of MissDavis, who is the beautiful and accomplished daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Joseph W. Davis, of this city.The guests at the party were received in the parlor, which was decoratedwith tulips, carnations and plants. Inthe recieving line were Mrs. Davis,the hostess; Miss Davis, the honorguest ; Miss Eran Watson, Miss Viiginia Moore, Miss Mary FrancesBrown, Miss Katherine Headley, allofj Lexington, and Miss ElizabethSteele, of Paris.In the dining room where the guestswere served with dainty refreshmentsthe circular table was covered with ahandsome lace piece, in the center ofwhich was a basket of Killarney roses.The table was lighted with pink shaded candles in silver candlesticks. Theparty colors, pink and white, werebeautifully carried out in all the details. The guests were first served withstrawberries, white brick cream, eachslice containing a pink heart, and heartshaped individual cakes. On eachplate was a tiny envelope, apparentlya letter from Cupid, addressed to theguest, each containing a card bearingthe words:"Miss Katherine DavisMr. Henry CraigApril the twenty -fourth."Following this course came sandwiches, coffee, chocolate, rosettes,pommer de terre, and sallow mints.Mrs. John Davis served the coffee, andMiss Joe Davis, of Lexington, pouredthe chocolate. Miss Davis receivedthe congratulations of her youngfreinds with becoming ease and grace.She was gowned in white chiffon oversatin with pearl trimmings.The party was given by Mrs. Davisfor the circle of friends and schoolmates of Miss Davis, and theythoroughly enjoyed her graceful hospitality and the charming manner ofannouncing to them the happy secret,which had been do carefully guarded.The guests present were MissesMary Frances Brown, Virginia" Moore,Erna Watson. Joe and MargaretDavis, Katherine Headley, KatherineWithers, Bella Withers and MarthaShanklin. all of Lexigton, KatherineDavis, Nancy Griffith, Mary Woodford, Nannie Brent O'Neal, CarolynRoseberry, Elizabeth Crutcher,Loraine Butler, Catherine Thurman,Elizabeth Jasper, Bess Holladay,Helen Frank, Kate Alexander, RachelWiggins, Elizabeth Embry, ElizabethSteele. Allene Power, Mary Batterton,' Belle Horton, Corinne Collins. Marthaj Ferguson, Mrs. William Ardery, Mrs.Wade Whitley, Mrs. William Ferguson, Mrs. Robert Ferguson, Mrs.Woouf jrd Daniel, Mrs. Amos Turney,1 Mrs fhrle3 McMillan. Mrs. WhiteVsr'en. -Mrs Carl Wimoth.Mrs. VirgilMr. Sherman Sriapp is visitin gfriends in MaysviIIe.Attorney John Morgan, of .Nicho-,las county attended court -here yesterday.Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraft isthe guest of Mrs. Thomas J. Simth inFrankfort.Mrs. Thomas Allen has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. Felix Ashbrookin Cynthiana.I Mrs. Emily Parker is rapidly recovering from injuries sustained several days ago by a fall.Mrs. W. E. Ellis, of Cynthiana,wife of the pastor-elect of the ParisChristian church, was a visitor in thecity Sunday.Mrs. Puss Rogers, who has beenspending the winter in this city willreturn this week to her home inColumbus, 0.McCall Patterns.We are sole agent for McCall patterns and keep all sizes in stock.SIMON DEPT. STORE.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three first-clap? barbers. 13 tfAccepts Clerkship.Chas. Johnson, son of Mr. J. W.Johnson, of Little Rock, has accepteda clnrkship with Jos. Josselsoun in thiscity.Have had experience in nursing athospitals and private homes. Reference. E. T. phone 719.12 3t WM. C. GROSCHE.ggs rorWhite and Buff Orpinetons, $2 to 3per 15.J. H. DOTY,322 Main St., Paris, Ky.By experienced man, position onfarm as overseer or to raise crop onshares. Apply at this office.A few pieces of choice antique furniture, as good as new, for sale at abargain for cash.J. ELVOVE, Par's, Ky.8-3fc Home Phone 360.THEFAIR!On Friday NextLace Curtain Stretchers, perpair 89c.Eneamelled Steel Water Pails,10-quart size, 29c.Peroxide of Hydrogene, specialsize bottle, 10c.Clothes Pins, large size, 2 doz.for 5c.Japanese Tea Pots, with strainer, 12c.White Enamelled Curtain Poles5c.Best Felt Shoe Shining Brushes, 10c.Extra Friday value in 10cScrub Brushes, 10c ClothesBrushes, 10c Blacking Brushes,your choice 5c.Cream Chocolate Drops, perpound 10c.Lace Bargains 2 yards for 5c;our regular 5c lace, only this lotis slightly soiled....THE FAIR...IREAD ALL OF THIS.In order fcc fully serve thepeople the Bourbon Bank &Trust Co. . Paris, Ky. , has added a Trust Department to theiralready successful banking business. This bank has a record of 25years of clean and profitablebusiness success, having paid itsstockholders without interruption for 21 years a dividend of 8per cent, annually, and abovethat has placed nearly $50,000to account of surplus and undivided profits. In other words,in this 25 years the BourbonBank & Trust Co. has earned(net) about $215,000 above expenses iinu taxes on $uu,UUU ofcapital stock. Don't you think Iit, would te a good business proposition for you to have theBourbon Bank & Trust Co. tomanage your estate after yourdeath? Also act as guardian foryour children?Remember these points: IThe 'Rsviiitttvn Ttnl- P- rn l. WCo. is not liable to sickness oideath, and will always be onhand to attend to the businessconnected with your estate.Having a permanent office andofficers being always on hand,business of your estate will bepromptly and efficiently attended to.247,000.00 protection against0 possible Jos s. , ;Will Move to CiUfbriiit:Mr. Hiram A. GMblraith, who recently disposed of bis- personal effectsat public sale, will Xfcve .next week forA twater; Cal., to locfcte permanently.Two of his children, MrT Earl Galbraith and Miss Elizabeth Galbraith,will go with him, but his son, Ray,will remain here, where he has aposition with Mr. C. B. Mitchell. Mr.Galbraith will engage in farming inCalifornia with his hrother-in-law Mr.Joseph Rice, formerly of Paris, butior some years a resident of California.The DurhamDuplex.Try one of our Durham-DunlexSafety Razors at 35 cents each. Sixblades for 50 cents, same as those usedin $5 and $8 razors. N12 3t CHAS.' E. BUTLER & CO.For the Stomach.Vinol is nature's remedy for a weakstomach that cannot digest food. Tryit on our guarantee.VARDEN & SON, Agent.ITenth Anniversary.J Hear the real EL.j Harry Lauder ftYou may hear others sing JEji Lauder's songs, but the only 1L way to enjoy them is to hear RB Lauder sing them himself.March 9th marks the end of my tenth year is business.I wish to thank my friends and patrons for making eachyear a successful one. I am prepared to make this a banyear. Good styles, superior quality and low prices bringgood results.Having just returned from New York after a twoweeks' search for the newest and best, I am in a positionto show you an unusual choice line of Dress Goods andNotions of every description. All departments are exceptionally strong. An opportunity to show you the line willconvince you. May we have the pleasure?3You may hear others singLauder's songs, but the onlyway to enjoy them is to hearLauder sing them himself.Hear this great Scotch comedian on the Victor and you actually hear him with all of lvisdelightful witticisms and theusual touches of comedy.Come and" hear some ot hisselections. No trouble to usno obligation on your jfart.Victors, $10 to $-'50. Terms to bait.Baugherty Bros.aW. Ed TuckerALWAYS THE NU.Agent Butterich PatternsFee'CashSpecials, iillDIiVlliJRFDfTo-day (Tuesday) If is the last day that you can buy7 i.illh i ft UP I2 For 25 Cent's,Muth's Raisin and Cinnamon Bread.C!i mmirc iIFEE'SJ. T, HINTONTHE HOME OUTFITTER.Seamless Wilton Velvet Rug$16.90ICANYOUSEEYou beat this price when you consider the Quality and the patterns of these rugs?Will find my prices lower on all lines of furniture than you see advertised in so-called bigsales.For your self my offerings in Wall Paper andLace Curtains, for I surely can please youand save you money.WHAT Do you say to a Davenport for $13.75?You find others ask $14.90 for the same article.ISIt not to your advantage to buy from me? I save youmoney and give you what you buy, andBEST Of "all, I sell you nothing but nice fresh goods nothingsecond-hand.SEE MYREFRIQERATORS!I Handle the Best.0 4IIIGaitikill..i, 1 f. .THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 12, 1912.DAY OF TYPHOID PASSED.5 Bourbon Garage $ Supply Co.?Are You Nervous?Vacine to Preyent Disease IsReceived Here From National"Government.Paris, KentuckyTIanders "20" three Speed Deliver? Car,EFFECTIVENESS OF SCERUMTests Prove That Disease Can beSuccessfully TreatedJByNew Method.4'.X -What makes you nervous? It is the weakness of yourwomanly constitution, which cannot stand the strain of thehard work you do. As a result, you break down, and ruinyour entire nervous system. Don't keep this up! TakeCardui, the woman's tonic. Cardui is made from purelyvegetable ingredients. It acts gently on the womanly organs,and helps them to do their proper work. It relieves painand restores health, in a natural 'manner, by going to thesource of the trouble and building up the bodily strength.Cardui Woman'sTonicMrs. Grace Former, of Man, V. Va., took Cardui.This is what she says about it: "I was so weak andnervous, I could not bear to have anyone near me. I hadfainting spells, and I lost flesh every day. The first doseof Cardui helped me. Now, I am entirely cured - of thefainting spells, and I cannot say enough for Cardui, for Iknow it saved my life." It is the best tonic for women.Do you suffer from any of the pains peculiar to women?Take Cardui.- It will help you. Ask your druggist.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept. Chattanooga Medicine Co., Chattanooga, Tenn.,for Special Instructions, and 64-page book'Hoaie Treatment for Women," sent free. J 50TWIN BROSClothing DepartmentPimTailoring Announcement,The expert tailor of the celebrated TailoringCompany of Hamburger & SonsBaltimore, Md-wilUbe at our store withover 400 styles ofNEW SPRING SUITINGSshowing the newest effects and weaves.Prices range from $18 to 50. Get yourorder in now, and Easter Day you will becorrectly dressed. We absolutely guaranteeyou fit or no sale. Remember the dateMarch 79 8, 9.L WOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.L. Sc N. TIME-TAEBLIN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.Trains Arrive341342971040373123326259138385393083231FROMAtlanta, Ga., Daily : 5 21 amLexington. Ky., Daily 4.34amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday - 7.38 amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 amCincinnati, O., DBily 9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ' 10.20 amLexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , .3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pmKnoxville,Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily 5.25 pmCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6,03 nmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.03 amJacksonville. Fla., Daily 6 05 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrains ID e -partKo. TO34 Cincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am4o Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 an:10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily...' : 9.57 am' 37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 1 9.55 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily . 10.24 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10.27 am6 Maysville, K., Daily 12.05 pm36 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 3.34 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.4o pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.52 pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.57 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.10 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.15 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.25 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.55 pm13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57 pIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trains ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 4 3.40 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pm62 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10.00 pmgijLgt Trains 3De;partfejSfc TOlSlFrankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only . ..'7.10 am'37 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday . . .7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday ,. .r.;.rv. .-.;.,.-9.53 am. 3 Frankfort, Ky Daily Except Sunday : ... .; . .iv.Cv; . . ?.V.5.52 am; '4 - .That typhoid fever can be wiped outof this community by the use of thenew vaccine recently employed withremarkable success in the UnitedStates Army, is the belief of the manyprominent phyBicians of Paris. "It isnow largely your own fault," say thesephysicians, "if you die of typhoidfever."In fart it became known yesterdaythrough a local druggist that some ofthe anti-typhoid vaccine, as it is called, has already been received here, itbeing ordered from the NationalVaccine and Antitoxin Institute ofWashington. The vaccine, while ithas produced results which comparefavorably with smallpox vaccination,is entirely different from smallpoxvaccine, and the manner of vaccination is much different.The anti-typhoid vaccine which canonly be administered by a regularpracticing physician is given in threedoses. f.Unlike smallpox vaccine itdoes not produce a sore. It is introduced beneath the skin of the arm bymeans of a hollow needle. The quantity introduced is small and it producesno more pain than a pin prick. Following each treatment there developsa very slight fever, the skin becomesflushed about the point where thevaccine was introduced. Sometimesthe patient complains of headache.Many of those who have been vaccinated explain their sympthoms afterbeing treated as feeling like they hadjust taken a heavy cold. The vaccineis usually given at four o'clock in theafternoon, and such syiuptoms as develop usually pass off during the hoursof sleep. Ordinarily the patient isready for work the next day.Out of the thousanuds of vaccinations performed in the United StatesArmy, there has not developed a singleserious after effect.It seems a proven fact that this vaccine does protect absolutely fromtyphoid. In that portion of the Arrayvaccinated last year there was reported only one certain case of typhoid,five other very mild'cases being classed as doubtful. There were no deathsfrom these v-ases. Among the unvascinated troops during the same periodthere were four hundred and eighteencases and thirty-two deaths.A striking instance of the efficacy ofthe vaccine is shown by one companyof engineers who attended the militarymaneuvers at Gettysburg. Of thehundred and eighteen members.ninetytwo were vaccinated, two had previously had typhoid, the "other twentyfour were unprotected. Typhoid feverbroke out in camp. Six of the twentyfour who were not vaccinated developed the fever, not one of the others wasaffected.During the recent mobilization oftroops along the Mexican border allsoldiers were given the new vaccine.There developed but one case oftyphoid a recruit who had not yetbeen vaccinated. It is claimed thatthis was the first military camp in thehistory of the world to escape thisscourge. During the Spanish-Americanwar there were over twentythousand cases in an army of only onehundred and seven thousand men.But the interesting part is not onlyin the results produced, but the wonderful manner in which the vaccineaccomplishes its purpose. It has longbeen known to all that we have certain germ diseases such as smallpox,measles, scarlet fever, etc., but once.But it has only been in recent yearsthat scientists have begun to understand the why of this phenomenon.It seems that nature has the wonderful facility of producing for everygerm introduced into the body severalkinds of protective substances, whichwhen developed rob the germs of theirpower and make them easy victims ofthe millions of little white bloodcorpuscles which eagerly gather themud and carry them out from the bodv..For each specific germ there arespecific protective substances whichact against this particular germ, buthave no effect on other bacteria.When one develops a disease a greatbattle begins raging w ithin the body,and millions and mililons of germs attack the system which in turn is defended by the white blood corpusclesor phacgotyes, aided by the protectivesubtsances which are developed forthe purpose uf rendering the germsharmless and making them easy preyfor the white blood corpucsles, and forneutralizing the poisons or toxinswhich are thrown off by the growingmicrobes. And so the battle continues ; if enough of these protectivesubtsances are developed in time thegerms are overcome, their poisons areneutralized and the patient recovers.If the germs themselves develop morerapidly than nature produces the protective substances the patient dies.But-once a patient has recovered fromone of these germ diseases there remains always in blood enough of theseprotective substances to render himfree from future attacks of the samegerm.In typhoid fever two of these protective substances are now recognizedunder the name of agglutinus andpoisons. The agglutinus once broughtinto cuntact with the typhoid germsparalyze them and destroy all theirmovements. The poisons in some manner not entirely understood so preparethe microbes that they can be takenmore rapidly by the white blood cells.These things have been proven bycareful microscopic tests. The firstprocess is called by physicians theWidal test, being named after its discoverer. This test consists of taking asmall portion of the' patient's bloodand a live culture .of typhoid germs.The two are thoroughly mixed in atest tube and allowed to stand. Aftera short space of time they are examined under the microscope. With theordinary individual ths tyohoid germs.'will be . rendered motionless by" the-Price $800 f.o.b. DetroitINSIDE DIMENSIONS:43 inches wide; 35 inches wide in door frame; 49 inches long back of Bcast irtrl-jie fiiorh. T.narl ranarihv 1.0011 nminrJ.Q.Body is interchangeable with Flanders touring car body and in a few minutesthe delivery car can be transferred into the touring car.Write for Circular giving complete specifications. jjPBourbon Oarage & Supply Co.g Cor. 4th and High, Sreets,prue blood serum of a healthy individual in thirty minutes, the germs appearing apparently dead and drawn intotight clumps. But dilute the bloodserum with twenty parts of water andthe bacteria continue to move aboutfreely and with full vigor. On theother hand, test the blood of a patientwith typhoid fever, J or one who hasrecovered from typhoid feer, and hisblood serum, though diluted manyhundreds of times, will contain enoughof the aggiutinus to paralyze themovement of the bacteria at once.In the same way can the presence ofpoisins be demonstrated. Though inthiB instance the phenomenon consistsof having the white blood cells takeup the typhoid germs when mixedwith the blood serum of the patient.This is known by physicians as takingthe posonic index.But not only by having typhoid cana person develop these protective substances in their blood. It has beenfound that in some diseases the injecting of the dead germs themselveswhile not prodcuing the disease, doescause nature to develop in the bloodthese protecting substances. This isespecially true in typhoid fever.Hence the employment of tpyhoid vaccine which is prepared from killedtyphoid bacteria.Major P. F. Russell of the UnitedStates Army who more than any otherman in the United States is responsible for the development of antityphoid vaccine, has found thatagglutinins are often present in theblood seram is diluted twenty thousand times, and that opsonins are present and act upon the typhoid bacteriawhen the patient's blood is diluted sixthousand times.Dr. J. R. Stewart, Director of theNational Vaccine and Antitoxin Institute, has corroborated Major Russell'sfindings in examining the blood ofmany individuals at Washington outside the military service who havebeen vaccinated against the disease.It now seems certain that typhoidfever will soon be as rare as smallpox.Many physicians believe that the vaccine will also prove a valuable curefor typhoid fever after it has developed. But thetreatment is too newyet to speak of in that light As aprotection it is almost certain, and itoffers a field for the development ofothre vaccines equally as good.Already the Russian Governmenthas begun experimenting with a vaccine for the prevention of scarletfever among school children, and theresults obtained there are equally asgood as those obtained in Americaagainst typhoid.BBililNew Spring GoodsATTWIN BROS.Department Store Cor. 7th and MainGinghams,White Goods,Percales,Piquas, Poplins,Linens,Dress Goods,Silks,Skirts, Suits,Dresses,Waists, Etc:Big Lot of Tobacco Cotton at Lowest Prices.TWIN BROS.Paris, KentuckyExtremes of Temperature.Water freezes every night theyear round in Alto Crucero, Bolivia;while at noon each day the sun is hotenough to blister the flesh. Above allothers, it is the place where extremesmeet.Short Lives of Physicians.In keeping others alive, physiciansappear to iose their own lives. Of allprofessional men their lives are theshortest. Between the ages of fortyfive and sixty,-five five doctors die onan average to one clergyman.Notice? Poultry Raisers4-11-44CURESCholera, Gapes, Limberneck, Roup. Canker,.;?7uS. ro:T Diarrhoea and all Diseases of PoultryMiss Katie Bryant, Bardstown. Ky., says: "I havs used Recipe 4-1 1-44 for years and thinkit the bestpoultry remedy made. 1 1 cures gapes and limberneck without fail.Will Coomes, Bardstown, Ky.,says: "One drop cf Recipe 4-11-44 dropped down the bill cf a gapingchicken kills the worm and relieves the shick instantly, his the best preventive I have ever used.Mfg. and Guaranteed by J. Robt. Crume, Bardstown, Ky. Price 50c at all Druggists.SOLD BYC. E. BUTLER & CO.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY; MARCH 12, 1912.TRE J.9B R0QffiS OFTHEAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asRll I HFADSLETTERHEADS,CARDS,)CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.NOTES ShaaKMEMWWBROOKFARMJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Oood!Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.Cbe Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.Keep a dally dairy record.Poultry food should be palatable.Tuberculosis of chickens cannot becured.Chaff for food is worth twice asmuch as straw.The goslings are very hardy andrequire no coddling.Poultry will never do well if infested with lice or mites.You are safe to buy an old sire, butdon't get him very fat.Winter is the time to plan for improvements about the farm.The horses should be given at leastone feed of mixed hay once a day.To fatten and fit up farm horsestock for sale is not a difficult task.'Scatter the manure as you haul it,don't put into little piles all over theland.The flower garden is a thing ofbeauty and has a place on every farmstead. Profitable beef production in the future means that better gains mustbe made.Cows should be in prime conditionat time of freshening. Therefore feedgrain if necessary.The first requirements for successwith fall calves are clean, well ventilated and sunny pens.The levelness with which a horsewalks is one of the best evidencesthat his legs work in harmony.On a small scale, vegetable seedsmay be started in small boxes or flats,placed under the kitchen stove.Never breed from a fowl, howeverfine, if it shows a tendency to be kindto disease germs or has any weaknesses. Butter from fresh and properlyripened cream not over one day oldkeeps better than does butter madefrom sweet cream.Every poultryman has his favoritebreed and it would be foolish forhim to desert it for some fowl thathe did not care for.The heifer that is cared for andhandled gently throughout her entirelife will need little breaking in whenit comes time to milk her.Air slaked lime sprinkled on thefloor under the roosts and on the dropping boards will help to keep theplace healthy and the air pure.At this day and time there arescores of breeds that are well suitedto the needs of the farmer for bothegg production and for market purposes. If you did not save enough goodseed for the farm crops, lose no timein getting enough to plant your crops.Get the best that can be had, regardless of the price.It is not breeding alone that Is going to determine the future usefulness of the cow, but It must be supported by liberal feeding, dally careand careful observation.When you buy dairy cows remember that If you are buying from adairyman who intends to continue inbusiness the chances are that you arenot getting the best that he has.Fresh air, sunshine, and exerciseare the best poultry tonics. But freshair does not mean drafts in thehouses, nor does sunshine call forexposure to hot suns during the summer. Sheep, while generally hardy androbust, are extremely susceptible toattacks of disease which, although notalways fatal, wear on the constitutionand ultimately impair the usefulnessof animals afflicted.While there may be no greater nutrition in a certain feed added to adairy cow's ration than in the foodshe has been accustomed to, still, itis a fact that a new food adds to thepalatability; of the ration which Isnearly always healthful.Some dairymen believe that if thefeed of their cows- Is changed it willhave a bad effect upon the milk flow,but rer-eated scientific experimentsshow that changing from one feed toanother, and frequent additions to theregular feed helps the milk flow.Every farmer needs a silo.Are the cattle well housed and fed?Keep the sheep healthy and vigorous. Feed for egg production should berich in protein.You cannot get heavy egg layingwithout heavy feeding.To improve the dairy herd, keep thebest, and sell the rest.Clover should be young to makepigs thrive at top notch.Judge not a hen by her beauty, butby the way she does her duty.Trap nests eliminate drones withaccuracy from any flock of hens.Food plays an important part in thegrowth and development of the colt.Many young boars are ruined by being allowed to run in lots near thesows.If you intend sowing clover or alfalfa this spring get your seed rightaway.Clover is the greatest pasture forhogs provided it is not allowed tomature.The successful feeding of poultryis among the most difficult of feedingproblems.Most farmers have learned beforethis that it is expensive to haul greencorn fodder.Rape seed is cheap, it germinatesstrongly and furnishes plenty of palatable forage.If a hog seems to be ailing, separateit from the herd at once and givewatchful care.One advantage in feeding steers onthe farm is the maintenance of thesoil fertility.Deal gently with the cow of nervoustemperament. She usually is one ofthe best in your herd.If you get an incubator, assign therunning of it to one person, and lethim have sole charge.A chill brought on by the uddercoming in contact with frosty groundis apt to ruin your best cowClean, dry bedding spread aboutthickly will make cold, hard floorsmore endurable these cold nightsSunflowers are just the thing toraise next season for the fowls butdon't grow them for the sparrows.The good dairy cow usually is wickin the forehead, the face dished between the eyes with a strong underjaw.Never salt the horse's feed in thebox. Place a big lump where he canreach it, and he will take it when heneeds it.The three essentials for a successful dairy cow are vigor, capacity forfood and well-developed organs formilk production.Goslings will thrive if fed on grassalone, but will not make such rapidgrowth, of course, as when they aregiven a little grain.The cow must have a good breathing apparatus, indicated by a largenostril, wide breast and good widthacross the floor of the chest.Never jump from the wagon whenthe horse is running away. Morelives and limbs are lost in that waythan by remaining in the wagon.Until we raise all the hay we needfor our stock, and have all the stockand all the manure we need, it willpay us to save the whole of the corncrop.Feeding cattle gives not only aprofit on the feed produced on thefarm, but it supplies the farm withmanure which Is greatly desired inprogressive farming.Calves should not be turned out topasture unless they have had a littlegreen feed before, as it is liable tocause scours. Give all the fresh, cleanwater the calf will drink.A daily record should be kept ofeach cow in the stable. In a year'stime a dairyman will know by practical demonstration what cows arepaying him and those that are not.A few sweet apples or lumps of sugar is likely to prove much more effective than a whip in securingobedience from an intelligent, spiritedhighly bred colt, or even a mature animal of the horse kind.Preventive measures in warding offsheep troubles not only eliminatetedious treatment, but sustain thephysical state of the animals in themost natural and desirable conditionfor breeding purposes.The setting hen must be protectedfrom lice. She offers a splendid breeding place for ' these parasites, andunless something is done to checktheir growth in the nest the chickens will be hatched under serioughandicap. ,LUNGS KEPT INFLATEDSIMPLE APPARATUS THAT MAKESHEART SURGERY POSSIBLE.Operation Thoroughly DemonstratedBefore Kansas City Clinic Shownto Have Passed the Experimental Stage.'A dog's life was sacrificed at the"Coates House in Kansas City to showKansas City surgeons and nearly ahundred others that heart surgerythe sewing up of stab wounds and theremoval of bullets is possible. Thosepresent predicted after the demonstration that such practice would be common among surgeons within five years.After more than thirty years ofwork, during the entire period withstanding the bitter attacks of the antivivisectionists, Dr. F. Merill Ricketts,of Cincinnati, and the other pioneersin the field, have perfected a system ofadministering anesthetics that makesheart surgery possible.Dr. Ricketts, who gave the demonstration before the Western Surgicalassociation, made his first experimentIn 1874. Since then doctors connectedwith the Rockefeller Institute in NewYork have pushed the investigationalso. Hundreds of animals have beensacrificed in. the work but since theexperimental stage was passed thelives of 74 persons already have beensaved, and yet only two or three surgeons in the United States have learned the operation.Formerly the lungs of persons underan anesthetic collapsed, causing death,when the chest was opened by a surgeon. The apparatus used by Dr. Ricketts, consisting of little besides a bellows and a rubber tube, keeps thelungs Inflated during the operation.The anesthetic is administered in airforced into the lungs by the bellowsused to keep up artificial respiration.The wonder of the method is to agreat extent in its simplicity. Dr.Ricketts in 20 minutes was able todemonstrate to the eager surgeons theentire process of operation on theheart, the lungs and the other bronchial components."This development in surgery haspassed the experimental stage," Dr.Ricketts said. "Already 178 operations on the heart have been performed, and of these 74 were successful, the patients recovering. This isa wonderful percentage, consideringthat death was certain otherwise inevery case."Bullets were Temoved and knifewounds sewed up. Most of the operations were performed at the Rockefeller institute. By this method of administering anesthetics the patientmay be kept alive for hours, permitting the surgeon to perform any operation on the heart, the lungs or any other thoracic organ."The apparatus, very simple in itself and in its operation, is easilyportable and may be taken by the surgeon anywhere. To a Dr. Williams, anptrro of Chicago, belongs the creditof performing the first successful operation on the heart as long ago as1893. In a few years the practice willbe common."' Sea Postoffices.Every one is aware that a largequantity of mail comes from Europe;probably most persons assume that itis dumped off the steamers in bulkand sorted and routed in the postofficeof the receiving port. Such a systemwould result in hopeless congestionand practically all of the fifteen million pounds of foreign mail matterreceived at New York, on an averageof recent years, is ready, sorted ana"sacked when the steamers make port.This work is done in the sea postofQces aboard the ships, and means dayssaved in the time of delivery of mailmatter intended for inland points.In the huge mass of mail broughtInto New York each year there are,on an average, 80,000,000 separatepieces, many thousands with inadequate addresses; yet to such a degreeof efficiency has the operation of thesea postoffices been brought, and socarefully is the work done, that lessthan 500 errors are made annually.As the entire quantity of the oceanmail received in a year would fill 2,200standard mail cars, an almost incredible accuracy is indicated less thanone error of any kind whatever foievery four carloads of mail. Harper'sWeekly.J .A.Expensive Luxury.Richard Harding Davis, who knowsSouth America intimately, told, at aluncheon at the Philadelphia club, aSouth American story.."The Florida in Bueno3 Ayres," hxsaid, "is very elegant and charming,but in the past the young men weretoo prone to accost the .beautifulwomen shopping and promenadingthere."Accordingly, a law was passedwhich imposed a fine of $50 on anyone who should dare to accost or annoy in the slightest degree any- ladyin Buenos Ayres."Mr. Davis paused."Since the passage of that law," hesaid solemnly, , "the Florida has become quite safe; but when a beautiful woman walks in it the young menhover near her, murmuring in lowand ardent tones:" 'I wish I had $50.' "His Business."I was in a place yesterday that employed a bouncer with the most appropriate name in the business. Itwas Vine.""How is that so appropriate?""Because his principal occupation isto throw out a lot of suckeri."DR. DOLLE'SSANITARIUM SKSMN CURED AT SMALL COST,g)fipu!t Surgical Operations Performed WW 1Skill and Sbcmss, When Suracrv Is Necessary vALL DISEASES 0? MENfffiffiT,VARICOGELETrKSJUKand RESTORATIVE Treatment in l n nt VTfaiP-HYDROCELE Special TratoJtf. 3rSl2&iXiia.Don t gire rm hope until you taavo scan old Dc.DoUel Ho will give yon PSEE a thoroagh examination, and Trill tell yon tba Truth.COBBBltmtion Fmw an A rnnflHotrlal nnby letter. Twenty Years' esaeriacco. Trairfiattendants. Beat of cars. Gp. 3ok on Mes'aDiseases Free, upon receips of 4 cts. or postal,saving much valuable information. Call atIewtown office or write toflR ft I Ml I 525 V'ALrUT STREET,"We are prepared to haulTobacco to the markets atany point. No crop Wo ,large. We can furnish teamsand wagons.TRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special atteation given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Eighth Street Both Phones.Low Round TripRATES.HomeseekersFaresTo points in Arizona, Arkansas,Louisana, Missouri, ;New Mexiet,Oklahoma, Texas, Kansas, Nebraska.Montana, Michigan, Wisconsin, Ala-'bama, Florida and Mississippi. Tickets on sale first and third Tuesdays ofeach month with final return limit 25days from date of sale except to destinations in Florida, final limit will be12 days from date of sale. Liberalstopovers allowed in homeseeker territory. We also have on sale daily unStApril 30, 1912, with final return limitaMay 31, 1912 Winter Tourist tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida. Georgia.Louisana, New Meixco and Texas,with liberal stopovers allowed,For f urther. information, call on biwriteW. H. HARRIS,- Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."HourlyHigh Speed Through'Service.Paris Lexington Frankfort-Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort every hour omthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m.,and at 10 p. m., the last car goingonly as far as Versailles.Cars leave Lexington for Versaillesand Frankfort, and for Paris everyhour on the hour from 6 a. m. until7 p. ni., and at 9 and 11 p. m., thelast car going only as far as Versailles. Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,,Lexington and Paris every thirty'minutes after the hour from 6:30 'a,m. until 7:30 p. m., and at 10:30 -jj.m., the last car going only as faras Lexington;GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTONNICHOLAS VILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexingtonand Nicholasville every forty-five-minutesafter the hour from 5:45a.m. until 6:45 p. m., and 8:05 and10:05 p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetownevery hour on the hour from 6 a.until 7 p. m. and at 9 and li p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville every thirty minutes after the;.hour from 6:80 a. m. until 7:30 pjm. and at 9:30 p. m. and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville for Lexington and Georgetown every fifteenminutes after the hour from 6:15 a.m. until 2:15 p. m. and 10:15 p. m.Daily Fast Freight Service Between.Paris, Lexington, Versailles, Frankfort, Georgetown aand all Intermediate Points. Freight Agent's Tel-tPhoney Old Phone 80S, NewPhone ;309. . ,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 12, 1912.Ox Superior to Horse.Oxen have been known to count ashigh, as a hundred and horses as high30.Great Telescope.It is undoubtedly true that heaven.always seems nearer when viewedthrough a clear conscience.Home.A home! It is the bright, b esesd,adorable phantom that sita highest onthe sunny horizon that girdeth life.Ike Marvel's "Reveries of a Bachelor."MILLERSBURG ITEMS.Poor.Having a big funeral is a poor wayof showing one's popularity.rmmmtmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmtkWIND-UPOn All RemainingWINTERWe must dear our shelves of every pair of mWinter Shoes at once to make room for ourLASxuL 5ninuSTOCK NOWARRIVINGp-(1) 60 A69I' JOur policy is not to carry over goods from oneseason to another. You surely will regret itjif youdon't take advantage of this great reduction. Beon hand early and take your choice of the balanceof these high-grade goods.REGISTERED U. S. PATENT OFFICE 9PHK jfIThis cut represents the famous "Restshu55made especially for women with tender feet ThisShoe is made of soft Kid, in button andflace. Thesoles are especially treated to make them soft andflexible and bends with ease with every motionofthe foot. If you are troubled with your feet wesuggest that you let us fit your feet with a pairof "Restshu."DAN COMEIN,jjb rviain dc9 taris, rvy. gwithSauire E. P. Thoraason is "illthe grip.Mr. F. F. Hurst is critically ill withpneumonia.Miss Lcuetta Collier was in Lexington Thursday.Rev. R. S. Sanders is confined to hishome with grippe.Master Harry Bentley is confined tohis home with grippe.Mr. A. S. Miller returned yesterdayfrom a trip to Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. T. R. Wells have moved to Robertson county to reside.THEATRICAL.The annual Junior and Senior reception will be held at M. r . C. Fridayevening.Mr. and Mis. E. C. Hawkins wereguests of Mr. and Mrs. Wyatt Insko atCarlisle Thursday.Mrs. Leslie Shrout, of Owingsville,is the guest of her parents, Mr. andMrs. J. H. Carpenter.Mr. Aaron McConnell entertainedhis Sunday school class with a sixo'clock dinner Thursday.Mr. M. P. Wells, who has been confined to his home for several days withthe grippe is able to be out.Mr. E. T. Beeding and family movedMonday fium the property of Mr. C.E. Bryan to a farm near Lexington.Mrs. Sagaser, of Lexington, wasthe guest of her parents, Mr. and MrsJ. H. Campbell, Friday and Saturday.Miss Ethel Johnson entertained Mr.and Mrs. Woodford Daniels, of Paris,and Mr. and Mrs. J. 'Jlarke Leer Sunday. ' ' "Mrs. J. ?M. Alverscn returned toFrankfort Friday after spending several days with her father, Mr. J. G.Allen.Miss Ruth McClintock entertainedThursday evening in honor of Mr. andMrs. Jos. McClintock, of KansasCity, Mo.Mrs. Bettie Potts, who has been theguest of Mrs. Fannie Norton, for sometime, returned to her home at CarlisleThursday.Mr. and Mrs. E. W. Amraerman attended the funeral of heir niece,Miss Edna Ammerman, in Cynthiana,yesterday.Mrs. R. S. Sanders entertained theMission Study Class of the Presbyterian church Saturday afternoon fromtwo to four.Miss Walker instructor in expressionand dramatic art at M. F. C, visitedfriends at Harrodsburg from Fridayuntil Monday.Misses Irene and Frankie Davidsonhave returned to their home at LeAinton after a week's visit to theMisses Patterson.Mrs, E. H. Dorian, who has beenthe gust of her father, Mr. J. G.Allen for several weeks left for herhome at Memphis, Tenn., Saturday.Miss Sadie Clark, who is teachingnear Escondida, was at home fromFriday to Monday. She was accompanied by her friend, Miss Lyter.I have secured the agency for the B.and C. Baking Co., and handle theirwrapped cakes daily and guaranteethem to be fresh.LOUIS VIMONT.Mrs. 0. W. Ingels entertained Thuisday evening with cards in honor of hersisters, Mesdames E. H. Dorian, ofMemphis, Tenn., and J. M. Alverson,of Frankfort.Patronize the Bourbon Steam Laundry. Good work and prompt serviceguaranteed. We will send for and return your work.LOUIS VIMONT, Agent.Judge and Mrs. T. P. Waddell anddaughter, Miss Agnes, left Sunday forBardstown to be at the bedside of Mrs.Waddell's father, Mr. C. C. Brown,who is critically ill.Miss Susan Woods, who has beenthe guest of her sister, Mrs. S. M.Allen, for several weeks, left Fridayfor her home at Stanford accompaniedby her little niece, Miss Bush Allen.Mr. L. C. Griffith, district engineerof the independent telephone companies, Mr. Welsh county manager ofthe Mason County Co., and Mr. J. G.Lynch, of the Bourbon Home Co.,were guests of Mr. H. D. Shy, thelocal manager, Thursday.The City Council" in regular meetingWednesday night transacted but littlebusiness. After allowing a few accounts, a report was made from thecommittee showing the electric plantto ba in excellent condition, the lightsgiving thorough satisfaction and beingtaken raoidly by private consumers.The committee was asked to make aflat rate for churches, lodges and otherbuildings where they were not usedregularly. The question of purchasinga chemical fire engine was brought upand the Mayor is communicating withseveral concerns relative to this.The recital given by the voice department of the M. F. C. at the auditorium Friday night was decidedly oneof the best of the season. There aremore girls in the institution this yearwith good voices than for many yearspast. The solos, duets, and choruseswere well selected and equally wellexecuted. The large audience in attendance braved the elements, everyone seeming to expect somethingabove the ordinary and they were notdisappointed. "The Rosary" renderedby Mrs. Deering, brought forth astorm of applause and she respondedto the encore. "May Morning" and"Serenade," rendered by Miss Barneswith violin obligato by Miss Nell, appealed to evrey lover of music in thehouse. Miss Barnes has an especiallygood voice and Miss Nell as a violinistis unexcelled in the amateur world.Her tones are pure, full of expressionand feeling. The closing chorus of therecital was also one of the pleasingfeatures of the occaison. The musicaldepartment of the. college is certainlywell equipped and the work of thepupils demonstrate most satisfactorilythe ability of the teachen."A ROYAL SLAVE" CUMING.The-Daily Journal of Jacksonville,111., in its issue of January 31 says of"The Royal Slave" Company, whichwill appear at the Poris Grand onMarch 29 :" 'A Royal Slave" was greeted witha large and enthusiastic audience atthe Grand last night, the three floors'of the theater being well filled, in factthe largest house for a popular pricedattraction this season. The audiencewas given a delightful surprise and agenuine dramatic treat. loo muchcannot be said of the time tried andunique play. Manager hubb kept hisword with the public and gave thepeople of Jacksonville one of the bestdramatic performances seen here in along time. The company carries complete scenery for the five acts andeight scenes, as well as a clever actingcast, The wardrobe is a special feature, especially notable being thegowns worn by Miss Irene RSolomon,which were imported from the Worthshops of Paris. Mr. Bubb has the distinction ofbeing the first .manager topresent in this city an original imported 'Chantecleer' costume, which wasworn by Miss Ella Malmrosn and madea decided hit. Mr. Walter Hubbell, anold favorite witn Jacksonville theatregoers, gave a most clever interpretation of the faithful old Indian, 'ElAguilla. "$1Will start a bank account here,OO and start you on the road toDANGERS OF PHOTOGRAPHINGTHE WORLD' DOING.Perhaps at some time you may havestood on a1 street corner and breathlessly watched a man with a cameraperched on the topmost girder of askyscraper cooly taking a moving picture of the panoramic scenes hundredsof feet below him. Or you may haveseen him at military maneuvers whilea hundred horses thundered down uponhim at breakneck speed. Possibly atstill another time you may have seentne camera man at the most perilousturn of an automobile race coursecalmly photographing the roaringracers as they rushed on' at sixty milesan hour, and your heart stood still until the dust cloud blew aside and showed you the pictorial news gathererwas still alive. You marveled thatany human being would take suchtisks. But these risks are 'very mucha part of the day's work for the staffphotographers of Lyman H. Howewhose travel festival comes to theParis Grand on Thursday, April 18.Mr. Howe and his staff are constantlywatching the world, and very often,with an intuition torn of experiencethey anticipate and prepare for manyevents before they occur. It is becauseof such preparation that the scenes ofany given subject Mr. Howe presentsare exceptionally complete. Hisorganization is world wide and throughit he photographs the news just as agreat newspaper with its foreigncorrespondents write it. In nearlyevery big cily the world over MrHowe has his representative a manwho is always alert and of provenresource and courage. In addition tothem he has still others who are roaming ceaselessly over the entire globe,sighing, like Alexander, for moreworlds to conquer, and, unlike Alexander, constantly finding them, as isindicated by the entirely new programwhich Mr. Howe will present.The management of the Paris Grandafter several weeks' effort last weeksucceeded in booking for the Grand"The Girl of My Dreams, "conceded byeveryone who has seen it to be thefinest production of its kind ever seenin Kentucky. The company embracessixty people, with John liyams andLeila Mclntyre, the original stars ofthe company. Besides being a mammoth and finished production, both8cenically and artistically, a specialorchestra of seven first class musiciansis carried by the company.To secure this production it 'wasnecessary for the managers of theGrand to give them a large guarantee,trusting to a liberal patronage of thepeople of Paris and surrounding townsto enable them during next season tosecure other shows of this magnitude.Information in regard to seats, etc.,may be secured by calling up Mitchell& Blakemore. The date of this principal theatrical event in the history ofParis will he Thursday, April 4.Sleep in Church, but Don't Snore.An English preacher has invented acure for snoring in church. It's a littlemental contrivance that the disturberof a parson's peace of mind places ina position on his lips and nostrils, andthe Rev. A. Allen Barrett, vicar ofClaygate, England, who evolved theidea, says any sleeping churchgoerthus decorated can't let loose a singlesnore to disturb other worshipers intheir bully snooze every Sunday morning till it's time to get up from thepew for dinner. New York Press.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESSJ The holders of sheep claims inFleming county will get one hundredcents on the dollar for the past year,and there will be a small amount leftto turn into the school fund. Therewere returned for taxation last year1,832 dogs. Of this number 245 wererpeorted delinquent and unpaid making$1,587 collected. The total losses were$1,409.10 and the costs $111, leaving abalance of $66.90 for the ; school fund.The money to pay the claims has notyet arrived but when it does noticewill be given.John H. Keyes, of Almo, westerndivision manager; J. M. Couts, ofSpringfield, Tenn., eastern divisionmanager, and Felix G. Ewing, of GlenRaven, Tenn., general manager of thePlanters' Protective Association, havereturned to Paducah from New York,where they met with a number offoreign tobacco buyers. It is said thatthey have closed several large contracts. Mainleaf, the Montgomery countytrotter, who was the hero of the Kentucky Futurity last year, will not becampaigned this year, but .will beplaced in the stud and go after thefive year old race record in 1913.success.ln jtaricultiirl Batik of Paris.CapitalSurpltas$ 1 00,00.00 $67,500.00Protection$267,500.06iiJ. H. JOSSELSON.The object in selling goods depends how you buy it. If goodsare bought, right, then, of course, you can sell it at the rightprices. In other words, if your expenses are small, you can sellthe goods at a smaller profit, especially when you buy from thethe best houses in America, and all goods come up to standard.Give us a trial on our Clothing and Shoes, and you will be convinced that you get what's coming to you.Sole agent for the following brands ol shoes:Peter's Diamond Brand fSelz Royal Blue WDr. Reed's Cushion SoleJ. H. Jossefson,71 7 Main Street, Paris, Ky.a. i i i i n l ri ( -r rm - r w iimi min in ! n nri n mmimiiitbWKrheBJUIfKCopyright 1910, by the Standard Adv. Co.AND well it should; it shows thedetermination to success.United States Depository for PostalSavings.' ,We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accountsDEPOSIT BANK OF PARISi ICapital $100,000Surplus $30,000Truth Comes Hard.The experiment of Hugo Munsterberg on the heartbeat of perjurersmay be all right in its way, but somepeople have palpitation of the heartunder the unusual strain of telling thetruth.Expehsive Bamboo. Hat.Bamboo hat3 are made in the Philippines at prices ranging from 15cents to $12.50, while some speciallyfine weaves cost as much as the finestPanamas of South America.Same Goal.Haste and Waste are always travel-ing-iri.the same general direction;As She Understood It."I do think," said Mrs. Sliptung,"they're the meanest people I everheard of. You know Sam used to workfor them. Well, he owen them a fewdollars when ho quit and the firstthing they did when he got anotherjob was to go to his employers andvarnish his salary!"Charcoal at Fuel in Japan.Even the dust of charcoal is savedas fuel in Japan. It is carefully preserved and mixed with chaff andchopped straw. It is then moistenedinto a paste, rolled into balls aboutthe. size of an . apple and sold in thieshape to consumers.