It4r r".- X5"MTHE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAH-VOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JULY 26, 1912i ,;B 7.m vink !r&toiiSw&iw?iSTfc.vt&:,JIPHIIkVWOnAIISHOESg This Week We Will ReHANNAN and NETTLE-yOXFORDS, and also Ladies'Pumps and oxfords.have a great many WHITE SHOES and PUMPSNubuck and Canvas that will be greatly reduced.These will be for CASH ONLY.IGEO. McWILLIAMS,Phones 301 The Shoe ManIJADon't Stay At Home and BroodOver the High Cost of Living,But Come in and See What We Can Save You onGroceries. Below is Just a Few ofOur Many Bargains:16 lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.008 Bars Lenox Soap 25cBrass King Wash Boards 30c2 Cans Good Corn : 1 5c1 lb. Can Royal Baking Powder 45cRoyal Seal Oats per can 1 1c(The Only Oats for Summer)Pure Hog Lard per lb 1 4cMason Fruit Jars, qts., per doz 60cMason Fruit Jars, pts. , per doz 50cFruit Cans, per doz 35cBLUE RIBBON FLOUR25-lb Sack 80c50-lb Sack $ 1 .601 OO-lb Sack . , $3.20T. C. LENIHAN,Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234&tototofMtowSpecial Saleor PUREsilk soxSold For 50cCHOICEmJotOr 2 PairAH SizesCSee Show WindowmaPRICE & 60. Gloler;mand FurnishersSite Being Cleared for Warehouse.Workmen are busily engaged inclearing away the tree3 in Barns'Addition and getting the ground inshape for the new loose leaf warehousewhich is to be erected by the BourbonTobacco Warehouse Cmopany.At a meeting of the Board of Directors the contract for furnishing., thestructural iron work and steel wasawarded to the- Empire Bridge Company, of Cincinnati, 0., and the contract for building the concrete foundations and floors was let to Stuart &nD..: n: ah i ,vy uncii, ul jeans, umer oias na"ebeen received by the directors for thecarpenter work and rough and dressedlumber, but after considering themdecided to ask for new bids, which willprobably be received and the contractslet the latter part of the week.Manager C. K. Nichols is rushing thework with all haste, dnd will endeavorto get the grounds in condition bvgrading to start the foundation.The new building will have a frontage on Barns Avenne and will run backto a forty foot street in the rear. Thestructure will be built of brick, andwill be 150 feet wide anc272 feet longon one side and 192 feet on the other.A wide driveway will be providedlforon each side of the house to provide forthe accommodation of a number ofloaded wagons atone time. The structure will be within a few feet ut theLouisville and Nashville railroadtracks, and a side track will be runthe full length of the building to enable the quick handling of the tobaccoboth in loose leaf form and in hogsheads. The new loose leaf market will be ofuntold benefit to the business men ofParis and Bourbon county. Last yearour merchants watched the hundredsof wagons filled with tobacco beinghauled through Paris to Lexington,and in many cases the wagons retrnedhome filled with merchandise whichwas bought in that city.The stock in the new house has beennearly all subscribed for, and the smallblock of stock yet to be sold should betaken readily, as the history of theloose leaf warehouses in adjoiningtowns is that they pay immense dividends. At Reduced Prices.All muslin underwear at reducedprices, at Simon s Department btore.1"WE KNOW HOW"Candidate for City AssessorMiss Georgia Adamson, of Carlisle,formerly of Paris, is a candidate forthe office of City Assessor and she hasentered the race which will be decidedat the meeting of the City Council onAugust 5. Miss Adamson was forseveral months bookkeeper of theBourbon Home Telephone Co., in thiscity. There are six other candidatesfor the position.E. P. Clarke's Will Probated.The will of the late Mr. E. P.Clarke, of Millersburg, was admittedto probate in the County Court Wednesday. The instrument, which bearsdate of December 11, 1911. disposes ofthe entire estate. To his wife he bequeaths the sum of $10,000 and theamount of the insurance held on hislife, which amounts to S2.000. The remainder of his estate is'divided equallv between his five children, J. SmithClarke, of Campbellsville. J. W.Clarke, Lacy J. Clarke and Mrs, Nannie Leer, of Miliersburg and Mrs Robert Boon, of Arkansas. J. W. Clarkeand W. G. Leer are named as executors in the will which follows :I, E. P. Clarke, of Milleisburg being of sound mind, do make and publish this, my last will and testament,hereby revoking any and all otherwills by me heretofore made.First, I desire that my funeral expenses and all my just debts be paid.Second, I desire that my executorhereinafter named, shall sell all myreal estate and personal property nototherwise devised, except my houseand lot in Millersburg, which ray wifeElizabeth S. Clarke, may take at $3,000 if she so desires. In the eventthat she decides she does not want thehouse at the price named, then my executor must sell my property and Dayto mv wife, Elizabeth S. Clark, tenthousand dollars, together with my lifeinsurance making in all twelve thousand dollars. If from any cause whatever my life insurance should not becollpcted, the amount of this policymust be paid to my wife out of myestate.Third, my wife, Elizabeth Clarke, istc use the amount hereby devised forher support during life, and if the interest on the amout herein bequeathedshould not be sufficient to meet her requirements, fhe shall use of the princiDal as is necessary and whateveramount remains at the death of mysaid wife is to be equally dividedamong our f ve children.Fourth, Rafter paying the above mentioned sums, I desire that the remainder of my estate be equally dividedamong our five children, viz: J. SmithClarke, Nannie E. Leer, J. W. Clarke,Mary A. Boon, and Lacy J. Clarke.The amount devised in this will to mydaughter, Mary A. ltoon, is to be invested by mv executor, in real estate,to be selected by my said daughter,Mary A. Boon, and deeded to her forher sole and separate "use (during rer Jlife and at her death to go to her heir3 jat law. IAll of my household furrniture Igive to my wife, Elizabeth S. Clarke, 'to dispose of as she pleases. iI hereby constitue and appoint J. W. iClarke and W. G. Leer executors ofthis my last will and testament, in .testimony of which I hereunto subscribe my name, this December 4, 1911.F. P. CLARKE." JSigned in the presence of and at therequest of the testator and in the presence of each other.Attest: W. G. Leer, John F. McDaniel. ' ifWItfTr"Phere is nothing nicer, and weknow there is nothing coolerfor Summer wear than a pair ofWhite Serge or White FlannelTrousers.Just the thing to wear with a Blue Sergeoat, Straw Hat and White Low-Cut Shoesthese Summer days. White Buckskin andWhife Duck Shoes for men you will find herein all styles.Soft Stlk Pongee Shirts, with collars tomatch, made with soft turn-back Cuffs, WhiteSilk Hose and Wash Ties.,Don't suffer with the heat when you cankeep cool at a small cost.tiiMitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to Men1Paris, Kentuckyi4Sp ILKIIIIIIlIIIIIllIliinHUTlIU f I II M II 1 1 1 1 1 If 1 1 1 1 11 II 1 1 1 1 II 1 1 II 1 M II 1 1 1 II 1 1 1 1 11 1111 1 1 1 1 f III 1 11111 II II II IlUMlimillMUIlfllllllllllMJlBi &LIt)t IV EFRANK & COSThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.Final Clean-Up Saleor5?iiLadies' Ready-to-Wear Garments.$25.00 Ladies' Suits, now $ 9.9815.00 Ladies' Suits, now 5.0035.00 Lingerie Dresses, now 1 7. SO25.00 Lingerie Dresses, now 1 5.0020.00 Lingerie Dresses, now 9.9815.00 Lingerie Dresses, now 7.7510. 00 Lingerie Dresses, now 4.9830.00 Silk Dresses, now 15.0025.00 Silk Dresses, now 12.5020.00 Silk Dresses, now 1 O.OO10.00 Linen Dresses, now 4.987. 50 Linen Dresses, now 3.985.00 Linen Dresses, now 2.98All Other Ready-to-Wear Garments Reduced in- . - Price - - -FRARK & C..Paris,Kentucky35HmiiimuimTniTifflMnm;jrHmiiiiimiai.miwMXWMXMIMPERFECT IN ORIGINAL-? i L ,2CTgg;l?ffiMMfcttJraV, f-' J4THE BO BON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 26 1912.Housework Drudgery IHousework is drudgery for the weak woman. She brushes, dusts ana scrubs, or5s on her feet all day attending to the many details of the household, her back ach!L her temples throbbing, nerves quivering under the stress o pam, possibly dizzyfellings Sometimes rest in bed is not refreshing, because the poor tired nerves doiot permit of refreshing sleep. The real need of weak, nervous women is satisfiedSy Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription, and as Mrs. Briggs and others testify :It Makes Weak Women Strong and SJcEc Women We!!.T-fiFc -- vretcriDtion9 removes the cease of women9 s iveaknessgfheals inhammatfSh and ulceration. It iranauilizes the nerves,encourages the appetite snd induces restxul sleep.--- 1 "! A.Dr. Pierce is perfectly willing to let everyone xccw wnac' "c " Povn Prr.;r.r.nHnn" contains, a complete list of u'-wjpntc nn iVe hntt!e-.vranoer. Do not let any druggist-ZJt r- TS.vrT7-J -.. . , I . . ...J.J-ersuade you that his rakaovt a composition is jtist cs gooa.a order that he may rasue a Digger pruue.I "Mr.. Brazilt. Bt.iggs. of 520 I. Washington Sfo. Belpiics,Ohk writes: '-Having taken your 'Favorite Prescription,n Viori ra nf intpstinal disease and constipation wit.1-, !?!. -,. ;li T -.! almost, unablo to do anv-llll Jli. :ui iiiv.iTHE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .$2. 00 -Six Months. .1.00Payable in Advancevoiril.inMes- BniGGS.- I think I am safo in saving that there aie no remeuieji -! -- 7i:...,-.-. i.'n'AwtA i-'T,orr: iii.ii in itnii"urifving Lotion Tablets' I am now enjoying the best oti . ltli. and thank Dr. Pierce for his wonderful medicines.Vch have done me a or!d of good."Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Peilets regulate liver and bowels.Entered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.as mail matter of the second classADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00perMlBROS., BmfiTWINClothing Departmentinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matt er, 10 cents per line,Knenial rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.Banking Reform Certain;Bar.kirg lefcrm now seems assurred.Both of the great parties have declaredfor it in their National platforms.This is due in ajarge measure to theearnest and conscientious work of theNational.Citizens' League, whose Kentucky section has headuarters in theEquitable Bldg.. Louisville, and whichhas brought the matter home to thepeople and.crystalized thesentimentforthe adoptionof a law which will takethis country out of its unenviable position of being the only one in the civilizedworld than suffers from periodical panics, which wreck fortunes,throw millions of men out of wort,and cause untold suffering and want.Banking reform is purely a businessquestion. Thereis no poitics in it andit is hoped that our lawmakers willlegislate on the subject with a patriotic desire todo the .whole country aservice.or:"OISUTMETALjj5AH the Latest Ideas inThe right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.Today's Winners.It's the way of the world to showkeener interest in the man who ismaking good, rather than in the menwho has made good.DEMOCRATIC TICKET.SPRINGCLOTHNow On DisplayFor President,HON. WOODROW WILSON,of New Jersey.For Vice-President,HON. THOS. R. MARSHALL,of Indiana.For Congress,HON. J. CAMPBELL CANTRlLL,of Scott county.Roofs Put on26 Years Agoare as good as new, and havenever needed repairs- neverneed attention of any kind, except an occasional coat of paint.Storm-proof Fireproof Lightning-proofiDon't buy that roof for the new building, or re-roof the old,.until you have examined the Cortright Metal Shingles.for Sale by Miller & Best, Miilersburg, KyGEO. W. DAFDNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSE,BOTH'PHOXES DAY 137; NIGBlLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.Law Will be Enforced in SchoolsRegardless of the construction placedon the anti-public drinking cup law bythe Attorney Generalthe rule forhidding the use ot the public drinking cuowill be enforced in the public schools.Superintendent of Public InstructionRarksdale Hamlett is sendiine out acircular letter to county superintendents and Boards of Education notifying them to enforce the rule."I am not questioning the AttorneyGeneral's interpretation of the law."said Superintendent Hamlett, " but Ihad something to do with urging thepassage of the law, and I know it wasthe purpose of its framers that itshould apnlv to the public schools, andcertainly, if there is one place where,it should apply, it is schools. Consequently, l.aminutin favor of permitting the law to fail in so important aparticular without an effort to enforceit."I do not believe, really, that weneed the law to abolish the publicdrinking cup in schools. I think wehave ample authority in this department to make and enforce such a rule.We have charge of the schools of theState ; but if the question is raised Iam determined to test it in the courtsif necessary."I do not!anticioate any difficulty in( oucn lmuecmuea never wtary uie abolisning tne puDiic drinking cup iniRenublican mind. I Without regard to ' the rural schools. The campaign of!, rvnth nniinimncarl hv axriAanoa ! the IaW brOUghtj LUG llUlli) UliU uiiiuil.;cv.u uj .nu,.n.i.Exploded Doctrine.Now that thejpeople have come tosee the faham of a high tariff, and tounderstand"that a'continuation of Re-publican rule means a still furtherj surrender'of the government to thetrust plunderbund, the G. O. P. oratorsand newspapers are'trying'to raise thesDectre of hard times, and to make itanoear that business will falter!in theevent' of Democraticlauccess.Some Good Advice- To the People."Don't sell your old feathers until you find out the prices, You '"can call us and we will look atyour feather, or if you live in'the counrry send us a sample. Iwill let ypu know what they are !worth. Some old feathers if they jhave been well cared for are as.good as new. We pay marketiprice for new feathers.MAX MUNICK,Sfch Street, PARIS, KY.Call East Ten.ru Phone 374For Sale,16-4tAUTO FOR HIRESpecial attention given toparties desiring to hire automobiles. Call on us for(pricesTRANSFER....InARRFFi0Modern Equipment,4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDMahomet and the Mountain.Mahomet made the people believe'Best equipped transfer line! hat vrouid caI1 a Mn to him andin the city. Special atten-' I"mfhth8iop of ifc offe "? is prarstfnn p-ivpn fn all Vinf nf for the observaace of his law. Thenon given JO all kinds ot , people assembled; Mahomet called thehauling. Moving is our , hI11 10 come t0 him again and again.Specialty. j and when the hill stood, still he was5 .' never a whit abashed, but said: "IfPM iV RTI lI R POQ tne hill will not come to Mahomet. Ma-tm . - . . . . hornet will go to the hill." Bacon's Es-uvery, reed and sales Stable, say "of Boldness."Eighth Street Both Phones.Hot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold batHs.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are nextM. A. KAHAL.Professional CardsJ J. WIIililAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.oom 1 Elks Building.vDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.v. Office 514 Main Street.'O'flicePhonesResidenceE. T 136.Home 136.E. T. 334.Home 334.DR. A. HT- KELIiER,Pbacticinq Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'g.Paris, - Kentuckytothecontrary, thesejnen go on shouting the same old heresies. The "hardtimes" heresy is a twin brother to thelong exploded doctrine that a high pro-, ! tective tariff protects American working men, when every school boy in theiwu i i c t .?e-srown piums. jand knows that it does no such thing.Wholesale or retail. Verv nice for can- A u . c . - , Amng. Call over E. T. Phone No. 39, ' A bnef review of recent AmericanRuddles Mills Ex. J business depression provides a full andu. jj. nuwiiH, jsumcient answer to tnese rooJisn argu-Paris,Ky. , ments. Thejast panic in this countryimwk j occurred less than five ieacs ago, vhenall of the machinery of governmentwas in full control of the Republicans,l and when Theodore Roosevelt, who hasa cure tor all known political evils,was in the White House. This panicwas the least excusable the nation everendured.The Republican party was in fullcontrol of the government when thepariic of 1873 came labour. Likewise,this paity.was in power when therecame a panic in the early part of 1884and the county recovered from thatI panic during the campaign that resulted the election of Mr. Cleveland.The Republican party was in full control of the government for the fouryears pevious to the panic of 1893,which was va currrency panic clearlydue to the passage, by Lthe Republicans, of the Silver Purchase act of 1890.This law so depleted the gold reservein the national treasury that a few millions in gold were borrowed by thegovenment inNew York, in order tokeep the treasurv reserve up to100,000,000 until the Harrison administration could ge out of office, and thusmake it appear thatthe panic was dueto the incoming Democratic administration. The silver panic of 1893, which wasentirely due totheRepublican legislation ,is the only one for more than halfa centurythat did not occur while theRepublicans were in full posession of. the government. YetRepublican ori ators and newspapers, true to theirhabit of hiding the facts and raisingfalse issues, go right ahead trying tomake it appear that the Democraticpaity is the party of har times.j This is rhe hcresy'of the pronouncedi kind, and it is Scfe to assume that thecountry will appraise it at its trueworth. The time is passed when thevoters can be fooled. They are de- imanding the truth, and what is moreimportant, they are showing the ability to separate the truth from thefalse.it into wide Dromi-nence, and the correspondence I havehad on the subject leads me to beilevethat we shall have the co-operation oflocal school authorities in all counties,"mmmmmmmaDuring the summer months mothersof young children should watch for anyunnatural looseness of the bowels.When given promDt attention at thistime serious trouble may be avoided.Chamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy can always be dependedupon. For sale by all dealers.Most Abundant of Substances.Oxygen constitutes one-third of thesolid earth, nine-tenths of water andone-fifth of the pimcsphere, and is themost abundant o: all substances.Many cures have been reported.A littleltablet called "Digestif hasbeen found to be certain quick relieffor acute indigestion. Many caseshave been reported where instant relief resulted "from its use. Brown'sDigestit is the successful treatment forall stomach disorders. It relievesindigestion instantly and cures dyspepsia. Sold on positive guarantee50c.with plenty of out-door exercise, pure food and air, willarrest consumptive tendencies,allay irritation in throat andlungs, and build up the wholebody. All Druggists.Scott & Bowne.c Bloomfield. N J 12-14)SQfcgg229j'Why not you join the greatcustomers and burnNow is the time to try a load.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.CiSSaCfecXicQgeaEV Hft.iciv i vrjht l mm-avi Is?3r '1:army1VICumberland telephone ana Celearapb CompanyINCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the Cumberland Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Miilersburg, North Middletown, Little Rock andRuddles Mills."When you have Cumberland service youHAVE telephone service."Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporatedIDCiYll.3 lRAlPLn 1LU3IIIIIIIIVThey Go Together.If God writes "opportunity" on oneside of open doors, he writes "responsibility" on the other side.Gracey.Go to Buck's.Bor a nice bath, hair cut or shavego to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclap? barbers. 13 tfA Girl's Wild Midnight Ride.To warn people of a fearful forestfire in the Catakill3 a young girl rodehorseback at midnight and saved manylives. :Her;deed was glorious but livesare often ;saved by Dr. King's NewDiscovery in curing lung trouble,coughs and colds, which might haveended in consumption or pneumonia."It cured'me of a dreadful cough andlung disease," writes W. R. Patterson,Wellington, Tex., "after four in ourfamily had died with consumption, andI orainprj 87 poundB." Nothing so saleand sure for all throat and lung troubles. Price 50c and $1.00. Trial bottletree. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer. AMPIIIIAnyone who has used the BEMIS TRANSPLANTERand then used another can appreciate the difference inthe work done. The floating shoe, positive valveaction, all steel frame, and!the work done are itsfeatureIIGive us yourgetting one,order now so you will be sure ofw.,4YERKES & PRIOHARDBothJ' Phones 66IIJ., .V-:H'C s rfi. ir,v- ' 4 .. VJ- .iVv' , 'f'H -x , rTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY. JULY 26, 9i.-tiffin-ait--mmmmm.lmmmmJHnmmmmmmt.135yGOD'S HERBS & ROOTSrTgaIiii-iil ni iiiiiiii r.IW5SI F S N ftvV"2l ?L tjC-.ays s9 &isP. ".. "' -, -,M "x. v$jfy&sniafrfi.ifi,,wrsr-A5cKga3afitcn.trCT-r-nT - W H-t3aU.S&!- aaSb-tJ&&.dayWHITEMOONBoyHerbalistIr . EI OOJniI ernr?h3729-31 W. Broadway, Louisville, Kv,FeT human heart lies a NATURAL desire fnr VATtrwa ,,,r rts of nature been neglected no iVLt?A.mf3 ota & Herbs.V of "operations" & strong drugs; vmehwuLZfaESae? God's promises. Modyear. Health is natural, disease iirnii?roi ??ws"?lr.m?.& deaths fm disease in-rs give me a peculiar fitness & knowledge nf'fh .fPe?ce. as a Cow-boyured & are curing Blood Poison, Lung Trouble Kid npv pE ""pe" medicines,im, Dropsy, Catarrh, Nervous & Stomarh tmS Si7': Bladder' Liver Female & Skinw. Twi1 ""-mv uuua.LUi.ill. HIV VCHirc nf i.i- f veaRran.rs give me a neeul ar fitnp A'Vnnwi,j - .r. " " cAVCUeuce- ai5 7i "xseses.5 oestfr.S?l.?erfect heaIth' your duty demands that you wSSat.S01 ?8W ala .""c oi y answerea. wuaimij.QuiDf L-SAR. is ihc name of mv arcat TO'TC nnnv nriTT-n-nnI Mnnrts nf mjM. inJUV '..,.. ' Bum -BUILDER, composed of 16 7?nnt 'K vr,.f toakeME PURCHASER r rtfru;'V.f.J"5,,",0ST?"i one dollar & is LEGALLY GUARANTPPntn M n:rr-r r Tr ..-.. , ,., .w,ui.c.- y-"m -'i - IUI lUT Wv:t. Ask forJ of POSTAGE PAWS VTW' 17?T TT? 11TJTTJ7 UOnDf nrr.rJXLY, auavamccdU sattsf. , T, ,, "JLV5 1WXE VEGETABLE WIS FOR mntAHa all wholesale dealers. -.r .-,.... " r j oars 25c at all dealers, Retail, who are sup-IAH letters offv-' vf r t "tc",i - n-eros,rnv-rj?T cJd 'V; .tMr-lf- uakajmteedir the nerves, stomach, liver, kidnevs bomeh hlu?KUAGGISTS & DEALCOV-CEL-SAR; if your lggis?tsi $$ f T ff -n $SPECIAL EXCURSIONlMATl aiSl-t!?tSiSyil'g28ETESSSJirfoSES33?53SSsc?????5?&r-?jgPS3&Roundi ripW'?Cv;RoundTripSPECIAL TRAINILvs. CEORGETOWIM 7:45 a.m.ASK TICKET AGENTS FOR PARTICULARS.MMH$100 Per Platewas paid at a banquet fto Henry Clayin New Orleans in 1842. Mighty costly for those with stomach trouble orindigestion. Today people everywhereuse Dr. King's New Life Pills forthese troubles as well as liver, kidnevand bowel disordrs. Easy, safe sureOnly 25 cents at Oberdorfer's.Paris Citizens Gladly Testify andConfidently RecommendDoan's Kidney Pills.It is testimony like the following that,has placed Doan's Kidney Pills 'so faraoove competitors. When people righthere at home raise their voice in praisethere is no room left for doubt.'- Readthe public statement of a Paris cittizen :-fr'Ioyd Kankin, a railroad man, 8821west St., Paris, Ky.. says: "I haveused Doan's Kidney Pills and theyhave done me so much'good that I ampleased to advise otherrs to"take them.My kidneys'were out of order andt leir action was iregularr. The kidneysecreticonscontained sediment and myback was lame. When I stooped, I haddifficulty in straightening. Doans'Kidney Piils stopped my pains and regulated the kidneyaction." For saleby alldealers. Prinp'nO panto "EViofo,.Milbun Co., Buffalo, "PNew York, soleagents for the United State.Kemember the name Doan's andtake no other.Diue urass rair ISix Big Days and Nights, Commencing IMonday, Aug. 12,America's Greatest Morse ShowSTOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES.Broken Neck.Harve Thomas, a plasterer, who sustained a broken neck last week, diedat his home near Carlisle. Thomaswas liding in the rearof a spring wagon on a chair, and the horse startingup quickly threw him backward out ofthe wagon. He struck the pike on hishead.badly cutting his head and breaking his neck. Thar he did not die instantly is considered a wnndder.Frightful Polar WindsI blow with teinffic force at the fargg i north and play havoc with the skin,A Hero In a liphhniTP causing rough, red or sore chappeda aero in a Llgnittouse. hands tand lips that need Bucklen'sFor years J. S. Donahue, So. Havn, J Arnica Salve to heal them. It makesMich., a civil war captain, as a light- tne skin soft anfJ smooth. Unrivaledhouse keeper averted awful wrecks, for cold-sores, also burns, boils, ulcers,out a queer rant is that Hp mio-hf VmQ cuts, cruises and Dies, (in v 9Z nonfcKentucky Fair Dates.The following are the dates fixed forholding.the Kentucky fairs for 1912, as1-1 a "" Y i Krs are but a queer faPt is th t h m:h't ""' BUtB, bruises and oiles.requestea to report to us any omissions been a wreck himself:iffEctric Bitters at Oberdorer'siiidu iiul preventea. "Tney cured me of iIrirlnov f rnnl-iloc onJ u:u, ?. IV;r "ruu,u,"-a. "una, ue writes, MUrU0 a;Dr, Q Muor correction of dates.Georgetown July 30, five days.Harro'dsburg July 30, four days.Henderson July 30, four days."Lancaster July 30. three days.Berea August 1, three days.Taylorsville August 6, four days.Uniontcwn August 6, fice days.Winchester August 7, four days.Danville August 7, three days.Mt. Vernon August 7, tnree days.Veisailles August 7, three davs.Lexington Bluegrass Fair, August12, six days.Fern Ceek August 13, four days.Leitchfield August 13. four days.Vanceburg August 14, four davs.Brodhead August 14, three days.Hardinsburg August 20, three days.Shepberdsville August 20ifour dajs.Lawrenceburg August 20, four days.Columbia August 20, four days.Erlanger August 21. four days.Eminence August 22, four days.Stanford August 21, three days.Ewing August 22, thee days.Shelbvville August 27, four days.Hodgenville August 2, four davs.London August 27, three davs.Nicholasville August 27, three days.Fulton August 28, four days.Germantown August 28. four days.Dover August 28, four days.Springfield August 28, four days.Florence August 28. four days.Franklin August 29, three days.Somerset September 4, four davs.Elizabetht wn September 3, threedas s.PARIS, September 3. five days.Tompkinsvilie Spetember 4, fourdays.Barboursville September 4, threedays.Bardstown September 4, four davs.Bowling Green September 4, fourdavs.Sanders Tri-County Fair, September 4, four days.Monticello September 3. fcur days.Melbourne September 17, five days.Horse wCave September 15, fourdavs."after I had taken otnpr ,n-if0;i Mitciieii Uiven V Months Term.nnGa t-iv imnt,.-, ...:1 i. I r , tl -r. ......fV V ' wjuiuui, oenent, ana jonn MitciieJi, vice president of thethey alsojimproved my sight. Now. at American Federation of Labor Tues'IyuLiamxcciiiiaiuie. r or 'ays- was sentenced in the District cf 'V-1t,w-.. wuiscaLiuw, an aiuiiiuLn. nver lunna supreme Liourt to nine men hand kidney troubles, they are without imprisonment for contempt of court, equal. Iry them. Only F0 cents at growing out of the Buck's Sfovp nnrluuerurer s.andthenotProfessional Toastmasters.Probably the most exclusivemyterious profession is that oftoastmaster at a banquet. It isan all day job, but the function of thesupreme man, who can dominate ababbling assembly, anxious for food,and hold them with "Pray, my lords,ladies and gentlemen, silence for Jgrace by " and the reverend gentleman gets up and bleats under thepatronage of the toastmaster. LondonChronicle.Buy it now. Chamberlain's Colic,Cholera and Diarrhoea Kemdey is almost certain to be needed before thesummer is over. Buy it now and bepiepared for such an emergency. Forsale by all dealers.Symptom Seldom Seen.A dietary expert declares there isno such thing as brain food. Even ifthere is such a thing, few show symptoms of being overfed. ProvidenceJournal.Live Wire."We want as a campaign orator anan who can electrify his audience."'All right. I'll get you a live wire."Weight of Wheat and Oats.A bushel of wheat weighs, on theaverage, 60 pounds, and oats from 38to 40.Range Comnany case,taken and S4.000 bailby the decision of the upper court.Had to Let Brother Slide.Caleb Powers, though promised theright to name the postmaster at Middlesboro, has been compelled, becauseof Senator Bradley's 'opposition, to discard his brother, John, whom he hadrecommended for the office, and chosesomeone else. He has not made knownhis new candidate and there i3 no assurance that Bradley will Dermit himto be appointed.It you are a housewife you cannotreasonably hope to be healthy or beautiful by washing dishes, sweeDing anddoing houswork all day, and "crawlinginto bed dead tired at night. 5Toumust get out into the onen air and sunlight. If you do this "every day andkeep your stomachand bowels in goodorder by taking Chamberlain's Tabletswhen needed, you should become bothhealthy and beautiful. For sale by alldealers.Gov. McCreary has obtained thepromise of the United States ForestryBureau to aid the state in its preservation efforts.CYNTHIANA COURT Large crowdand plenty of nusiness. Seven hundred cattle'were on, the market runningin price from S3. 50 to $6.00. mules $115to $160. Mountain sheep brought$3.50Der head. Good horses sold at from$107 to $115.It is understood that the Louisville Tobacco Warehouse. Company, ofLouisville, has secured options uponthree-fifths of the Farmprs' and Planters' Tobacco Warehouse Comnany'sstock in Maysville at par and will takeover same within the next few davs.Thomas H. Gray conducted negotiations. W. J. and B. A. Thomas, ofShelbyville, sold to Sim Weil, of Lexington, 213 head of cattle, which averaged 1,500 pounds, at 8 ?ents a pound.The cattle were shipped by specialtrain to New York for export. TheThoma3 brothers have sold largorbunches of cattle, but none they consider as cood as the Dresent shipment.All of them were raised in Kentucky.-WINCHESTER COURT.-Only afair crowd was in town Mondav forcourt day and tiading was light. Onlya few mules and horses weie on themarket and practically no trading wasdone in this line. At Hamilton'sstock vards about 400 head of cattlewere on the market. The trading fora while was brisk. Ihe prices wereabout 25 cents lower on the hundredthan the past week.The fifth trial of the suit betweenJ. N. Fishback and Perry Ward, farmers of Nicholas county, over ten barrels of corn, resulted in a hung juryand will necessitate the sixth trial unless the case is settled some wav outof court. This is three times a jurv hasdisagreed in the case, and twice it hasbeen apDealed. The litigation has already cost several timest he amount incontroversy.The Mt, Sterling Fair began itsannual exhibition Tuesday. A largecrowd attended and the sljow ringswere excellent. In the three-year-oldjunior championship saddle"class for apine of $100, Fair Acre King, ownedLy Shropshire & Matlack, won firstnney ; Princess V., second ; (Marvel-us, third, and Rainbow, fourth. InReform School Badly Crowded.Daniel O'Sullivan, president of thePrison Commission, savs on a visit tothe State Reform School the Commission found seventy-three boys sleepingin thirty-six narrow single beds. Thegirls aie also crowded and the nursequarters still worse. He Bays thecommission will remedy this at onceand blames the crowding on the customof many counties getting rid of dependent children.by sending them to" theReform School. O'Sullivan scorescounty officials whovdo this and saysthe CommissionJwill ty and'ehange it.Dysentery is always serious andoften a dangerous disease, but it canbe cured. Chamberlain's Colic,Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy hascured it even when malicnantI epidemic. For sale by all dalers.andrThe Cost of Paintingis lowest if you use IV. P.The greatest part of the cost inpainting is the labor. The paint itselfis only about one-third of the cost.Poor naint makes the labor cost more, first because it takes longer taapply it ; second because you have to repaint oftener. " "Even the apparent saving in cost per gallon of the poor paint is eaten upby its low covering capacity ; it takes more gallons of the poor paint to dothe job.Cost of paint and cost of labor are both lower with W. PHave you gotten a full color card yetfC. A. DAUGHERTYKentucky Coal.The coal mined in 'Kentucky in 1911amounted to 13,703,839 short tons,valued at the mines at $13,617,217.according to a statement of EdwardW. Parker, issued by the UnitedStates Geological Survey. This was adecreare compared with the producticnior iyiu or 914.4U short tons, which,considering the abnormal increase in1910 due to strikes in other coal-producingStates, is considered small.Atiogether, Mr Parker says, the year1911 may be "considered as generallysatisfactorv to the coal mining industry of Kentucky, for in both productionand value there was a subtsantiaj increasp over any year prior to 1910.Compared with 1907, when the previous maximum tonnage was recorded,the production in 1911 showed an increase of nearly 3,000.000 tons in quantity and of more than $2,200,000 invalue.The number of men employed in thecoal mines of Kentucky in 1911 was 21,821 ; about half of these worked tenhours a day, about one-fourth ninehours a day, and the others eight hoursa aav. The average production foreach man in trese mines was 628 JJtonsfor the year and J5.3 tons for each workins day.Kentucky is one of the leading Stalesin the mining of coal by the use of machines, ranking next to Ohio in the nercentage of machine-rr.i ed tonnage tothe total product'on.5 Big Saddle Horse StakesRunning and HarnessRaces Daily$25,000 in PremiumsSplendid Display of EveryClass of Live StockInnes Band of AmericaSensational Free Acts DailyThe Greater Parker ShowsSee he Big Floral Parade the First DanReduced Rates on All RoadsFor Catalog or further information addressSSSTJOHN W BAIN, Secretary,Lexinsrhon. kv.z 7 -..,.Ummmm Ia,U Sc N. TIME-TABLE:IN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.An flriiPfi vnct ,. -..-.'... . . . - "taken and $4,000 bail furnished to abi-Je ; r? m :' trot iNeva T'J? , ?X Jli. iTiajjuwaw, wuu lust, uuu&n, uijventy Ed Bedford, second ; Bombonette,owned by J. U. Boardman, third, andLd Allen, fourth.-With the view of making his newcountry estate one of the most attractive places in the countv. PresidentClarence Lebus, of the Burlev Tobacco 'bociety, has let contracts and workhas been begun in building roads andfences on his 300-acre farm on theMaysville pike which he recently Durchased ot J. K, .Newman. Severalmiles of macadam roads will be constructed on the place, and a contractfor a beautiful stone fence runningthe length of the farm has been let toGormely Brothers of Versailles.Useful to Him.The swindler is convinced that anhonest man is the noblest work ofGod. It is hard for one swindler toget much away from another swindler.Trains ArriveFROMAtlanta, Ga., Daily, 5 21 anLexington, Ky Daily 4.34amLCynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.35 am.Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 arrtRowland, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.55 anLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 amCincinnati, O., Dully 9.50 amMaysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday , 10.20 amLexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pmKnoxville. enn.. Daily 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky. , Daily 5.25 pmCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6,03 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.03 am-Jacksonville. Fla., Daily ." 6 05 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTra,im.s ID e -partNo. TOM umemnata. u., Uaiiy 5.284 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday .5.3529 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.4740 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.2010 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday ,t 8.20137 Lexington, Ky., Daily '..... .9.5737 Knoxville, Tenn. , Daily ........".".'.. '. .9.5533 Jacksonville, Fla. , Daily . . ." .io.24133 Lexington, Ky., Daily : 10.276 Maysville, K., Daily 12.0526 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.0425 Lexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 3.3438 Cincinnati, O. , Daily s.4q9 Rowland, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday " .5.5239 Lexington, Ky. . Daily Except Sunday !5.5732 Cincinnati, O. , Daily 6.108 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday , 6.1530 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ..6.2531 Lexington, K. , Dailj" ,.10.5513 Atlanta, Ga., Daily l0.57No.3429710403731233262591383S5393083231amamamiamamamam-amaukpmampmputpmspm.pm.pmpmipmP"EST -x ari nra-E-m yrcr-m.- w - -u axvj. - - . m rUKIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3, 1911.Trains ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda s.13 arc-4 Frankfort, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday . .3.40 pica8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday .5.50 prr162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10.00 pm-.Trains XDe;partNo. TO1G1 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only 6.20 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday 9.53 ani.3 Frankfort, Ky DailyExcept Sunday 5.52 amseeacliableQuick DClinclierg FULL Y AgtJm ROUND SHAPE ,: .-3gKB STRONG V .'.: , 'PMV' Vi RESILIENT 'u'-y&W& DURABLE IhJfrSMZWEasily Fits Any Quick Detachable RimNo Tools RequiredIN STOCK BYYERKES & PRICHARDCorner Fourth and PleastantJlS. t-d'yTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 26, 1912trDaily Thought.One ought never to speak of thfaults of one's friends; it mutilatesthem. They can never he the sameafterward. -"William Dean Howells.If It's Only a Small Thing.It is an excellent thing for everybody to learn to do something well.Rams For Sale.I have for sale pure bred SouthdownRams and Ewes that are extra good.A. S. THOMPSON,E. T. phone 192,12jly 4t-Fri. (residence).rjmm w w " mmm '"Curtis Henry & Co.,Groceries, Drygoods, Presh and CuredMeats, Vegetables, Fruits, Etc.If it comes from Henry's it's all right,because they handle the best and freshestthe markets afford. Their store is clean, freefrom flies, and evrything is handled in a sanitary way. When you deal with them youget polite attention and prompt delivery, noextra charge for either.Call either 'phone 442, and they will beglad to serve you.CURTIS HENRY CO.Cor. 1 4th and MainLt A. W. CofctinghamThe Up-town Grocer, Who ReachesAll Parts of Town.A Few Hot Weather Specials16-lbs.. Granulated Sugar 1 .OOPure Hog Lard, 50 pound cans, per lb 1 4cHome-Grown Potatoes, per peck 30cFull N. Y. Cream Cheese, per lb 25cRoyal Baking Powder, per lb 45cPickled Pork, per lb ...12 l-2cSmoked Bacon, per lbFresh Bolted Meal, per peck . .Quart Can Boston Baked BeansBest Coal Oil, per galTwo Cans TomatoesThree Cans CornBest Gasoliue, per galFresh Vegetables,Both 'Phoes 7 Quick Deliveryj9L. "VI7, CottinghLamThe Qp-Town GrocerHow Much Have YouSaved In the LastTen Years?At 3 Per Cent.In Ten Years aDepesit WithThis Bank of$ 1 ,00 a month amounts to $ 1 38.72$5.00 a month amounts to .$693.72Start NowOpen an Account with Us Today.CIK sfericulturlCapital$100,00.00Surplus$67,500.00Proof of Progress.We are gradually becoming ashamedof places that crush the spirit out ofmen.Keep Out of Debt.You are as rich as anybody if youdon't owe anybody anything.When Not Overdone.Ordinary hard work is thethat keeps men alive.thingMust Vote In Argentina.A law of the Argentine Republicmakes it compulsory for citizens tovote.iJ1 5c, two galFreshBank of Paris.Protection$267,500.00RraSHHHiW16c m30c10c25c Z25c25c X20c IMeats, Etc. PCity Council Meeting.There was little business of importance before the City Council lastnight. The L. and N. railway wasgranted a permit to erect five cottageson the property purchased by the company in the old fair grounds, two ofthe structures to cost approximately$1,300 each, and three to cost $800.Property owners on Parrish avenueentered strenuous objections Jto theDermit granted J. H. Haggard tobuild a 'residence that street uponthe ground that the building wh;chwas in progress did not come up to theprovisions of the permit and uponthese protests the council voted to refer the matter to the Buillding Committee to investigate.A petition containing the names ofabout fourteen residents of Fithianavenue in White Addition, was presented to the council, asKing tnat asewer be constructedfrom Fithian avenne to Main street. The petitionshowed that the sum of $340 had beensubscribed by the citizens of this portion of the city for that purpose and itwas decided to turn the matter overto the Improvement Committee.Ribbons Reduced.Fiftv bolts of ribbon, fancy andplain. 'So cents to 50 cents qualities,reduced to 21 cents per yard.THE SIMON DEIT. STORE.Maybe Small Particle of MeteorWhat is believed to be a small particle of a 'meteor, a piece of stone ormetal formation, wasfound inthe yardat the home of Dr. M. Dailev on Stoner avenue yesterday morning. Thearticle which is of peculiar formationcame from an unknown source.During the heavy electrical stormwhich broke over Paris Wednesdaynight, something was heard to fallnear one of the windows at the homeof Dr. Daily, and a short time afterwards sulphuric fumes could be easilydistinguished.Yesterday morning an investigationrevealed the small portion of what waspronounced by many to be a meteorite.The outside resembles soapstonewhile through the center ia a mineralformation. The piece weighs five orsix pounds, and wherever displayed hasattracted considerable attention.BASE BALL,Yesterday afternoon Paris lost aclose game to Richmond by a score of2 to 1. The Bourbonites will meet thePioneers again todav.Saturday Richmond will be here fortwo games and Sunday the Lawmakers will be the attraction at WhitePark.The pitching of Dunlap was toomuch for the Orphans and Paris wonthe game Tuesday by a score of 4 to 1.Dunlap who has played almost everyposition on the team was equal to thetask assigned him, and held the visitors to six scattered hits, while histeammates gathered a round ofjbinglesoff Sanford which counted in almostevery instance and they were therewith the stick when hits was needed.Dunlanallowed but two passes andfanned half a dozen men. In pincheshe was'very effective.The Bourbonites went to FrankfortWednesday 'and were vdefeated by theLawmakers by a score of 7 to 5. Thelocals knocked Langfitt.off the moundin the fifth inning, but could not overcome the enormous lead the Lawmakers took in the fourth inning, whenthey got to Hauser for six runs. After that the Lawmakers could do nothing with the Paris hurler, but theBourbonites could not hit Wright, whohad beensent in to relieve Langfitt.Best Paris Green at Butler'sOpp. Court House. 26 4-tPurchases Cottage.Mr. George Adams purchased of Mr.E. H. Gorey acottage on Winchesterstreet, near Vine, at a private price.Mr. Adams will get immediate possession. Heavy Thunder Storm.A heavv thunderstorm broke overParis Wednesday night about 10o'clock. There was no damage tospeak of other than a tew telephonesbeing put out of commission. Only alight rain Jfell, but at times the thunder and lightning was very heavy.Refrigerators.Get the newSold byIceberg Refrigerator.lfr-tf A. FWHEELER & CO.$35,000 Damages Asked Of L, fiN.Hon. Robert B. Franklin, of Frankfort, representing MrB. Lizzie M.Johns as administratrix of the estateof her husband Thomas J. Johns,filed in the Shelby Circuit-Court Wed-knesday a suit against the Louisvilleand Nashville Railroad Company andthe Chesapeake and Ohio RailwayCompany seeking the recovery ofdamages in the sum of 35.000 forcompensation for the life of Mrs.Johns' husband, who was killed Jan16, 1912, by the collision of two trains.Mr. Johns was a fireman for the company. The plaintifi alleges negligenceupon the part of the companies. Robert C. Talbott of this city is associatedwith Colonel Franklin.Diplomacy.When we decide to forgive our enemies we generally begin with those'who are bigger and stronger than weare. Chicago Record-Herald.Exponent of Economy.A widely known Republican wasasked if he was for a certain candicate for governor, and he answered:"No; I don't want to Waste him. Thesituation is like an event in a Dublintheater. Some fellow had made a disturbance in the gallery, and the crywas raised. 'Throw him over! Throwshim over!' Thereupon a solemn-lookingman rose from his seat and impressively shouted: 'Hold on! Don'twaste him! Kill a fiddler with him.""Everybody's Magazine.EXMIgrDUCK RAISING IS PROFITABLECapital of $1,000 Will Give ExcellentStart Business Requires Careand Watchfulness.For breeding, ducks and drakes arebetter in their second year.The duck laying season generallybegins in February and ends in August, although the Indian Runnerducks are credited with being yearround layers.Hallock estimates that it costs, alltold, 12 cents a pound to raise ducksup to the market age (ten weeks).This Includes the cost of feed, help,marketing, eggs, insurance, etc. Allover the 12 cents is clear profit.From February to May the eggs showthe strongest fertility.John Weber, the well-known duckraiser, in an address before thePloughman Farmers' meeting at Boston some years ago, said if one ownsthe land 1,000 capital will give astart in the duck business. Such anamount, he said, would be sufficientto cover all expenses, buy two incubators, a flock of about 30 ducks, ahouse for the breeders, a broodinghouse and heater, feed boards andwater fountains, wire fencing, etc.Such a plant would keep one manbusy, and the future growth of theplant could be built on the profits.The point to be remembered andstrictly followed is to begin small,learn the lesson well and use everyeffort to get good results. This willrequire care, watchfulness and wellapplied, business principles. Theduck business is of such a nature thatif rightly carried on it is very profitable, but disastrous if neglected.TO CARRY EGGS SEPARATELYLittle Box Will Be Found Useful forOther Purposes Around Farmand Is Easily Made."Where trap nests are used with alarge number of pens sometimes it isdesirable to keep the eggs of eachpen separate, as they are gathered.This is easily done in a carrying box,such as is here shown. This box ismade of light wood and will hold thir-An Egg-Carrying Box.ty eggs. The box may be numberedon the end to correspond with the pen.Boxes of this style will be found veryuseful for many other purposes aboulthe farm, especially for carrying vegetables in from the garden. As shownin the illustration this box is simplyconstructed and may be available onany farm.FtiEMNOTECFeed before you water.Good food is economy.Oyster shells are not good grit.Too much soft food is not good forthe chickens.Ventilation is more important thanwheat in the poultry-house.Watch out for lice, and grease withlard under the wing and top of head.rnrow your asnes into tne poultryhouse and watch them enjoy them -selves.Fine gravel is not the proper gritfor poultry. They want a sharp material with which to grind their food.The incubator should be located ina room where the temperature doesnot vary much during the day ornight.Eggs will become fertile in fromfour to six days after mating. Theeffect of mating will continue severalmonths.It is necessary to feed the breeding ducks liberally, yet at the sametime feed so as to keep them activeand healthy.The fowls need clean, dry, comfortable quarters during wet or coldweather. They will pay for that kind,but no others.The eggs from matured hens willhatch better and produce strongerchicks than the eggs of pullets. Theyare usually larger, too.The best roosting place for youngturkeys is on branches of trees. Theywill not suffer from exposure, andthe open life will make them strongand healthy.'if one begins with the chicks, doesthings with deliberation, never makesa sudden and unexpected movement,even the most timid breeds will bebecome tame.The white-feathered broilers always have the more attractive appearance in market, as the pin feathers do not show as they do in darkplumaged birds.Soak stale bread in sweet skimmilk, press out the milk as completely as possible, and feed the chicks.Also keep coarse sand before them;without it the chicks cannot grindtheir food. -DEATHS.I News has been received here ofthe death of Mr. James Frather,which occurred Monday in Franklin.Tenn. He was a brother-in-law of MrGeorge R. Bell, of this ci'y, Mr.David Bell, of NichoJasville, and Mrs.J. Preston Brown, of Versailles.The infant daughter of Mr. andMrs. Ed Owslev. Jr.. died at the homeof its Darents. in Ruddles Mills, Wednesday, of stomach trouble."; The funeral services were held at the residenceyesterday afternoon, conducted byRev. W. E. Ellis, of this city. Burialin the cemetery at Ruddels Mills.John S. Lawson, aged thirty-nineyears, one of the leading insuranceagents of the State, died at his homen Flemingsburg Monday'morning at 7o'clock, after a three weeks' illnessfrom stomach troubla. He was amember of the city council and a prominent Rnieht Templar : and Shriner.He carried 810,000 life insurance.He is survived by his father, James A.Lawson, his mother, one brother, J.W. Lawson, and seven sisters, Mrs. C.M. Lee, Mrs. J. W .Lees Mrs. J. Q.Grannis, Mrs. S. H .Crain. Mrs. McM.Cox, Miss Florence Lawson, all ofFlemingsburg; andJVIrs. Harry Mathers, of Paris. Ky. The funeral tookplace from his home in FlemingsburgWednesday.Lingerie Dresses.Lingerie dresses, $8, S10 andS12lvalues, at $4.98.THE SIMON DEPT. STORE.Lands Contract.The Stivers Lumber Co., of this city,has been awarded the contract to furnish the lumber and mill work for thenew depot to be built at B'lemmgsburg. MATRIMONIAL.uvREDMON LEA.The marriage of Miss Ida E. Redmon, of this city, to Mr. James F.Lea, of Philadelphia, was quietly celebrated Wednesday evening at the residence of Mr. Claude F. Redmon, anuncle of the bride, on Cypress street.The house was attractive I in its decoration of green and white and wassoftly illumimted.Rev. W. E. Fllis, of the Christianchurch, performed the impressive ceremony in the presence of a number offriends and relatives of the bride.The bride was attractive in her wedding gown of white charmouse withorange blossoms and carried a bouquetof brides roses, with orange blossomsshowered with lillies of the valley.Her only ornament was a handsomepearl brooch,the gift of the groom'smother.The bride is a handsome youngwoman'of many charming characteristics ana is popular with a large circleof admiring friends. Her only attend-ant was miss Annie niDierwno , acteaas maid of honor and who was hand -1 - TT-. 1somejy gownea in wmte marquisetteover white satin and carried a bouquetof pink roses showered with pinksweet peas. Mr. Emmet Redmon, of 'Lexington, a brother of the bride, Iacted as best man. jThetwedding music was played byMiss Clara Belle O'Neal a talented (youngiinusician of this city. 1The gooin is a prominent real estateman of Philadelphia and i3 a member ;of an old and aristocratic family.His mother, who'was a Miss Ellis, ofwhojvas a Miss Ellis, ofled l&mily of Cincinnati,:sely related to the well -shers, the Leas, of Newa distinuishedand he is clcknown publisYork.Among the out of town guests for thewedding were: Miss Matilda Parr, ofDyersburg, Tenn. ; Mrs. William Parrish, Mrs. Elizabeth Redmon Lair,Medi, 111. ; Mr. and Mr3. Victor Howard, Mr. and Mra. Talbott EvanB, andMr and Mrs A. D. Braclay, of George-town; and Miss Margaret Pugh, ofTaylorsville.An informal reception followed theceremony and after congratulations Mr.and Mrs.;Lea left for a wedding tripto Chelsea, near Atlantic City, beforegoing fo Philadelphiajvhere they uwillreside.A marriagelicense wasjssued yesterday to Miss" Lena Cain and Mr.Chas. Kingsolver. The couple weremarried bywJudgeDenis Dundon.The announcement is made of theengagement of Miss Nell Wallace, of: TOY;ll(rtnn Mv QunQEwing Detake place1 Long. The wedding willsome time in August. Miss Wallacewas formerly instructor in physicalculture at,the Paris public school andhas many friends here who are greatlyinterested in the.news of her approaching marriage.Tailored Skirts.Ladies Tailored skirts, $6.50 and$8.50 value at $3.95.THE SIMON DEPT. STORE.RELIGIOUS.Rev. E. M. Lightfoot. who hasbeen assisting in a protracted meetingat Berry, will be in his pulpit at theBaptist church Sunday morning.Elder Crayton Brooks, of Portsmouth, 0. a former pastor of the Ruddles Mills Christian church, and abrother of the Brooks brothers, jthenoted evangelists, will begin a diotracted meeting at the Ruddells Millschurch Sunday.Cantrill Law To fie Cared For.Senator W. O. Bradley announcedTuesday that he has secured enoughvotes ia tne benate to attach to thpbundry Livil Appropriation Bill anamendment providing xor an appropriation of $26,000 to enable the Census Bureau to carry into effect theCantrill tobacco census law.The Director of the Census hasnotified Senator Bradley that withoutsuch appropriation it would be impossible to put the law into effect.Senator Bradley some time ago introduced a bill calling for the appropriation, but the powerful Senate Appropriation Committee turned it down.Since then he has been canvassingthe Senate, and now believes he cancommand enough vof es to put throughhis amendment'for the appropriation.Morf an Men May Meet at Estill,.Since the.atraoimcemenfc-.was madethat it had been decided not to hold areunion of Morgan's men at Carlisle,a movement has been started to havethe reunion held at Estill Springsabout the middle of August.Thft nroDOsition is favorably con-' sidered by the local Confederate vet-nrVin titotq rll cnTYnOITlted whftTl4.1.- flmiomicement was made that nomeeting would be held at the regularplace, where for the past ten years,the men who rode under Gen. JohnH. Morgan gathered annually. Although the ranks of the veterens arefast thinning out a large number havegathered at Parks Hill each year.The managers of Estill Springs havegranted a special rate for hotel accommodations and railroads have assured a special rate to those who decide to attend. Therefore the veterens are hoping very much that .arrangements may be completed whefeXDy tne may ue aum u.cujuy tueir annual meeting.Squire L. J.Fretwell,local Gommanderf Confederate Veterens, is interested in the proposed meeting at EstillSprings, is exerting himself in -forkingup a crowd to go from this county,and requests that jd.. rah. o' Lave anyintention of gofog to Estill Springs,report the matter to him at once, sothat reservations may be made forthem at the hotel.Squire Fretwell was in communication with H. M. Taylor, of Carlisle,yesterday and it wTas learned that thedate for holding the reunion at Estillhad been set for Wednesday, August14 to continue for three da-VGood Values.Ladies gingham house dresses, assorted colors, $1.50 values, at 9i cents.THE SIMON DEPT. STORE.For Sale.Kitchen Cabinets $9.50 up to 27.5u16-tf. A. F. WHEELER & CO.Train Delayed.Passenger train No. 7 on the Maysville division of the L. & N., due hereat 7:35 a. m., was delayed severalhours yesterday morning by reason ofa cave-in in a tunnel at Pleasant Valley. Refrigerators.New icebercr Refrigerators $6.75to $25.00.up16-tf A. F. WHEELER & CO.Protect your growing to-i bacco with Hail Insurance.THOMAS & WOODFORD.Hospital Fair at Winch esetr.The Hospital Fair will be held inWinchester August 7-10 inclusive, andthe proceeds will be used toward building a hospital in that city. The fairpromises to be a grand success inevery particular. Saturday, August10. beinp the last riav nf tha mir ifi ' . ...w ......, uj will be turned over to the colored, rjeople.Master Commissioner'sSALE-OF-- . - .IJ, fl t 1' -- -- -- -- - -- V JL.BOUREON CIRCUIT COURT.Robt. H. Wilson and Isaac Wilson,Plaintiffs.Vs. Notice of Sale.'i Sallie c- Corbm, Etc.,DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgmentof the Bourbon Circuit Court, rendered in the above styled action, at theJune, 1912, term, the undersignedSpecial Commissioner of the Bourbonj Circuit Court, wilf sell at public auction to the highest and best bidder atthe court house door, in the city ofParis, Kentucky, at about the hour of11 o'clock a. m., onMONDAY, AUGUST 5, 1912,the following described property:That-certain tract of land in Bourbon County, Kentucky, on the Harpand Innis turnpike, about seven milesfrom the city of Paris,containing about118 acres, known as the Corbin farm.About 30 acres thereof being on thenortheast side of said turnpike andthe remainder on the opposite sidethereof. Said land is adjoining theSteele heirs on the north and Steeleheirs and John J. Piper and G. A.Smedley on the east side; John J.Piper and Mrs. Agnes Jacoby on thewest side, and beingthe same tract of:land conveyed by Tazwell Marr and:T. K. and B. B. Marsh, in trust ofRachel Corbin and fcer children bydeed of record in the office of theClerk of Bourbon County Court iuDeed Book 44, Page 253.Said sale being made to satisfy ajudgment of Robert H. Wilson againstthe defendants, Sallie C. Corbin andMattie Corbin, for the sum of 4,000.00, with 6 per cent, interest thereonfrom the 19th dav of March, 1910, until paid, and for the farther judgmentcf J saac W. Wilson against the saidaeienaants tor thesum of -2 nnn noI xirif.H (i nor rtant- -J -. -,4- c .i. -t,-n-i..u. x, j.,,1 vuno luucicauuuiu ewe iyunJ day of March, 1910, until paid, andI the additional sum of 1157.10 courtcosts.Said sale will be made upon thecredits of six, twelve and piVhfppnmonths for equal parts of the purchasemoney, me purcnaser being requiredto execute bond for equal installmentsoj the purchase price, with good security, to be approved by said MasterCommissioner, payable "to said Commissioner, and bearing interest at therate of 6 per cent, per annum fromdate until paid, and to retain a lienupon the property until fullv paid,and to have force and effect of ajudgment.c. a. McMillan,M. 0. of the B. C. C.David Thornton, Atty.M. F. Kenney, Auct. - j-19-26 a 2mmmmmmmmmTHE BOURBON 'v NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY;, JULY 2 1912fnl BOURBON NEWS.O0tvALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHING 'NOTICE.City taxes for the yearii are now in my hands ITor collection at my office atthe Deposit Bank.C. K. THOMAS,26-tf City Collector.On sale now.12jly-tf.J. T. HINTON.Heed the Notice.See on page five the Mayor's noticeto cut the weecK This anphes toeverybody, and to lawns, gardens, sidewalks, cow lots, etc.To Ciose Out Line.Fifty pairs of soiled lace curtains tobe closed out very chean.THE SIMON DEPT. STORE.Outing Shirts. 'Soisctte, linen and mercerized, withand v :hout collars to match, $1 to2.50.J. W. DAVIS &CO.Buys Buick Auto.Rev. AY. E. Ellis purchased fromtLe local agents, Yerkes & Prichard a1313 model Buick which will be delivered to him in August.Peaches! Peaches!Fancy Elbertas $1.25 per crate.26 It C' P. COOK &CO.At Cost.All summer goods at cost atTHE SIMON DEPT. STORE.Foundations Completed.The foundations for the residencesof Mr. N. A. Moore, on Pleasant street iand those of W. W. Mitchell and W.R. Blakemore have been completedand carpenters and bricklayers arenow engaged upon the structures.Embroideries.Embroideries, 10c. 12 1-2 c. and 15cqualities, at 7 l-2c. ner yard.THE bIMON DEPT. STORE.To Tide You Over.You need perhaps an extra pair oftrousers. We are offering some especially good ones this week.J. W. DAVIS &C0.Call lor Beneficiaries.The committee ot the HamiltonFund, for the education of the worthyyoung girls of Bourbon county, haveissued a.call to the.applicants for thebenefit of the fund Saturday morningat nine o'clock at which time examinations.will be held at the court house.See ad in another column.At Almost Hail.S7.50 linen coats at $3.9S atTHE SIMON DEPT. STORE.Cool Shop.Coolest barber shop in the city, fansgoing.all the time. Everything sanitary. Three chairs and three politeand courteous and skilled artists.JOHN AYERS.Victim of Motorcycle Accident.Mr. Charles K. Moores, receivingteller at the Fayette National Bank,in Lexington, who was injured m amotorcycle wreck near that city lateTuesday afternoon, died at 3 o'clockWednesday morning from injuries received in the accident. His skull wasfractured.Newest Styles.Washrag hats, the newest style, atTHE SIMON DEPT. STOREAt Cost.and childrens Oxfords atFELD'S SHOE STORE.Ladies'cost.12jly-tf.Children Injured.JohntVanMeter Woodford, the littleson of Mr. and Mrs. John Woodford,fell from a nony, breaking both bonesin his left forearm. The accident occurrerl at the home of his parents, onthe Winchester pike.Margaret Ewalt, daughter of Mr.and Mrs. W. T. Ewalt, of this city,while on a visit to relatives at Shawhan, suffered the fracture of the leftarm by falling from a nony.Lingerie Dresses.Lingerie dresses, $8, $10 aud$12Values, at $4 98 m o...rnTHE SIMON DEPT. STORE.Summer Comfort A Blue SergeWe have them in all grades and allmodels. Our specialty is $20 serges.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Case Continued.Henry Powell, arrested in this cityMonday by Patrolman Fred Link andturned over to the Georgetown authorities, was arraigned for trial Wednesdav, and thrf case was costDoned untilSaturday. Powell is alleged to havestruck Dasa Jones, a colored woman,in th eye, destroying the sight of therember, at a colored celebration nearGeorgetown, and has been a lugitivefor about four years. He came backto this section about three weeks ago.- Lingerie Dresses.Lingerie Dresses. $8. $10 and$12values; at S4.9S.THE SIMON DEPT. STORE.' Matting Rugs.L Sib Anm'pi ft f 9 feet by 12 feetMF 3 feet by 6 f e I 45 cents.'JS so 11 feel I inches by 9 fptPERSONAL MENTION.Miss MabeKRobbins was a visitor!in Jrranlifort Wednesday.Mr. J. J. Williams has returnedfrom a visit tn relatives in Richmond.Miss Betsy Ray is visiting MissBeatriceJohnson, in Toronto, Canada.Mr. and Mrs. N. Ford Brent arevisiting relatives in Kansas City, Mo.Miss Hallie Hunter, of Winchester, is the guest of Miss Mabel Templin. Miss Nannie Bruce Miller is theguest of Miss Hestpr Penn, in Richmond. Miss Marie Talbott was a guestat a dance in .Versailles, L Tuesdav.evening.Mr. James E. Craven left thisweek for a ten days visit to FrenchLick Springs.Mrs. Jas. E. Craven has as herguest Mrs. Margaret Kirtpatrick. ofNicholasville.City Attorney C. A McMillamis inWest Literty, Morgan county, on profehsional business.Mrs. Georgie Grimes, of Paducah.is the guest of her brother. Mr. JohnL. Soper, in this city.Judge G. D. Webb has been confined to his bed for seveal days at hishome on Pleasant street.Mrs. R.S. Starke oflMidway is theguest of her sisteis, Mrs Emily Parker andMrs. Saliie Pullen.Messrs. Jos. M. Hall, Frank Remington and W. A. Bacon attended theAlt. Sterling Fair Tuesday.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Booth, whohave been visiting relatives in Lawrenceburg, have returned home.Mr. Douglas Embry. of Hammond,Ind., is visiting his mother, Mrs.Anna Embrv, on Pleasant street.Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutheland has returned from a visit to her brother,Mr. Edward Hutchcraft, at Chicago,111.Mrs. Russell Dyche and little son,of London, are guests of her .brothersMessrs. Ernest and Walter Martin, inthis city.Mrs. Arthur Berry, who has beenthe guest of her sister, Mrs. JamesDouglas, has returned to her home inLexington.The condition of Mr. George Ashurst, who underwent a serious operation several weeks ago, shows considerable improvement.Miss Elizabeth Tarr entertainedyesterday afternoon at her home in thecountry for her guest, Miss LouellaRedmon, of Louisville.Miss Madeline Aldrich and SudieChilds returned to their home in Maysville yesterday after a visit to Mrs.Thomas Best, in this city.Mr. Walter Taylor, of Rock Island,111., who is in this section on a visit, isexnected to arrive in a few days for aI visit to relatives in this city.I Mr. and Mrs. R. Q. Thompson, whohave been to Dry Ridge Springs for a' short stav have returned and are thegupsts of Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Hinton.Mr. Vimont Lyle, of Salt Lake'City, is the guest of his mother. Mrs.Jennie Kenney Lyle. Mr. Lyle is en jroute to New York on a business trip.Mrs. Belle Adair, who has been !visiting her brothers, Messrs. Omar)and Almar Dodson in Maysville, re-turned to her home in this city Tues-;day.Mrs. O. S. Byron and children.Carter Graham and Mona Grebe, ofAshalnd, will arrive Saturday lor avisit to Mr. and Mrs. O. P. Carter,Jr., in East Paris.Master Alex Howard the liandsomelittle son of Mr. and Mrs. U. J. Howard, of Covington, is spending the summer wtih his aunt, Mrs. O. L. Davis,on South Main street.Mr. Wm. Neal, who for severalweeks has been confined to his homeon the Jackstown pike, with seriousillness,rwas yesterday reported to beimproving.Mr. and Mrs. Silas Gaitskill, of Mcintosh, Fla, are guests at the home ofMiss Flora Hill, on South Main streetMrs. Gaitskill is under treatment ofDr. Martha Petree.Mr. and Mrs. Owen L. Davis. Master Alex Howard, of Covington, andMr. George S. Varden went to Harrodsburg Sunday and were guests atGraham Snrings. The party motoredthrough in Mr. Davis' automobile.Misses Nellie'Fithian and FannieIngels, of Pans, members ot the faculty of Caldwell College. Danville, andMiss Bettie Smith, of the Paris CitySchool, left Wednesday to take a summer course at the Chicago University.James Squires, aged 84 years, oneof the oldest citizens of the LittleKock precinct, formerly of Paris, whosuffered a stroke ot paralysis severalweeks ago, is dangerously ill and isnot expected to live,The following handsomely engraved invitations have been issued:Mr. Buckner Woodford, Jr.,at homeWednesdav, July Twenty-firstNineteen hundred and twelveFrom four until six.The condition of Mr. C. J. McLeari very gravf , and his death is momentarily expected. Mr. McLear's illnesshas extended over a period ot severalmonths, ard during the past few dayshis suffering has been intense For anumber ot years he was engaged inthe hotel business in this city, and iswidely known throughout Kentucky,Tennessee and Virginia.Miss Mary Batterton entertainedWednesday afternoon at her home inthe ocountry for Miss Elizabeth Whitridge, of Baltimore, Md., the guest ofMiss Carolvn Roseberry, and MissRuth Morgan, of Nashville, Tenn., theguest of Miss Belle Horton.About thirty guests were presentand enjoved the several games ofbridge, after which a delightful luncheon was served. Iced grape juice wasserved the guests upon their arrivalTwo, guests' prizes were given, anivorv Duff box to Miss Morgan and apair of silk hose to Miss Whitridge.Miss Carolyn Roseberry was awardeda dck of paying cards for the highestscore.Bourbon Superintendent WinsPrize.Miss Mabel Robbins, Superintendent of the Schools of Bourbon -county,has been awarded' the prize offered bythe Transylvania Printing Company,of Lexington, for the best grade ofcopybooks. The papers were passedupon by the Superintendent of PublicInstructions Barksdale Hamlett, andthis decision was made public Wednesday. The prize offered by theLexington printing company was atrip to Niagara Falls.Lingerie Dresses.Lingerie dresses, :, 10 and$12values, at $4.98.THE SIMON DEPT. STOREPensions Will Be Ready Aug. 1.Ex-Confederate soldiers who haveclear proof of their claims in their applications for pensions will receivetheir first money under the law passed by the recent session of Legislalureon Aucrust 1. according to a rfinorfcfrom Frankfort. There has been aI total of 2,775 pension applications fildI at the Pension Office at Frankfort,but only about fifty per cent, of thetotal number filed have clear proof oftheir claims.Cotton Skirts.Ladies' white cotton corduroy skirts,$2 values, at 98 cents.THE SIMON LJEPT. STORE.Notice to Applicants ForHamilton FundAll apnlicants for the Hamilton Fundwill meet the Commissioners at theCourt House at 9 a. m. Saturday .Julv27.Applicants will please bring withthem their last years' school reports,and those who have taken the examination for county diplomas will bringtheir grades.MRS.JK. B. HUTCHCRAFT.MRS. W. D. McINTYRE,MRS. JOHN CONNELL.For Sale.Good two horse carriage, rubbertire, only used a short time. Also adouble set of new harness. For priceand further information, enquire ofE. T. Phone 610.MRS. JAS. WOODFORD,26 3-t Paris, Ky.NOTICECut Your WeedsAll residents and property ownersin the City of Paris, are notified to atonce cut the weeds on their premises.Please comply with this notice immediately. J. T. HINTON,26-2t Mayor.JLcISlChance !To get in OWL NEST forThe Day Friday, Aug. 2The Time 8 p. m.The Place K. of P. Hall, Paris,Ky.Chapter will Positively Close.After this date you will have topay initiation fee and also medical examination fee.Benefits $6 per week, sick andaccident; $100 death ; free physician for yourself and family.If you really want toOwl now is the time.MOSES R. GLENN,General Organizer,522 Main Street.With Thomas Bros.WHYA TRUSTDEPARTMENT?Realizing the advantages ofhaving a corporation, to act asAdministrator of Estates, alsoin management of property asGuardian or Trustee,The Bourbon Bank andTrust Co.with a Capital Stock of $100,000and Earned Surplus of $50,000,organized in 1S87, having had inthat time the experience necessary in conducting a Trust Company, Therefore,Bourbon Bank 4 Trust Co.,Paris, Ey.has a Trust Department andI Solicits Your Business.mn.be an XNegro Dismissed.In the county court yesterday, JohnDangerfield, arraigned on a charge ofusing abusive and insulting language,was dismissed.Lingerie Dresses.Lingerie dresses, $8, 10 and12values, at S4.98.THE SIMOND DEPT. STOKE.Revenue Agent Here.Mr. J. P. Whittinghill, State Revenue Agent, has been in the city forseveral daj-s looking over records inthe office of the Clerk of the BourbonCounty Court, also in the office of theSheriff. The action of the RevenueAgent is along the line pursued with aview of collecting back taxes.Immense Line oS Wall Paper.Call at my store and pick from thelarge new stock of wall paper justwhat tVou need and have it put on yourwalls. Experienced decorators areready to do vour work.J. T. HINTON.Never have youheard in ariy musicalinstrument a tone sowonderfully sweet,clear and mellow.Hearing is believing,Come in any time -noobligation-DAUGHERTYBig9 ji1BROS. IIbsmbwSni'IimiMmmmm mit"ti ""TirnrTtin m, . . mj ' " """lu ' asBBE , mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmam ra1 I t mirrnusfe w! I I I Uili fa! MMBJfLIW. Ed.All Summer Goods NowOn Sale at Greatly Reduced Prices. ...W. Ed11 way turn oaiuruaySPECIALS!Welch's Grape Juice 25c16 lbs. Standard Granulated Sugar $ 1 .OO8 Bars Lenox Soap . r 25cThree 5c Boxes Matches 1 OcMason Pint Jars, per dozen 48cMason Quart Jars, per dozen 58cStone's Silver Sliced Cakes 1 OcStone's Wrapped Cakes 1 OcWatermelons on IceFee's Grocery Co.WhySwelter?Cool Off In One of OurYard Swings$4,00 and upPorch Swings$2,75 and up"Vudor" Hammocks$1.75 and upReduction on all PorchChairs and RockersJ. X. HintonTucker ITuckers1 .', As""v 4fC - t;- kiV' : ' v,---"XTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 26, 1912saAUCTION SALE-OF-City Lots end Cottages.I will offer at a public sale on thepremises in the city of Paris, Ky., onThursday, August 8, 1912,at 10 o'clock a. m. , the following cottages and building lots all fronting onMarshall street in Paris, Ky :Three cottages on alot 50xS4 feetfronting on Marshall street.One lot 50x84 feet fronting on Marshall street.One cottage, good cellar, cistern atdoor, with front and back porches, onloo 50x84 fronting on Marshall street.One lot 50xSi feet fronting on Marshall street.The buildings are all in first classrepair and are in a very desirable locality. Close to public schools andchurches. Good streets and pavements. The property will be offered seperately and then as a whole and thehighest and best bid accented.TERMSOne-half cash with deferred payment in one year with interest at the rate of 6 per cent, perannum, or purchaser may pay allcash. MRS. LUCY J. DAWSON.(9 jy 9t)EXCURSIONramCOMBINED ROOSTS AND NESTSArranged With Particular Idea ofPleasing Hens Easily RemovedWhen Cleaning Is Desired.ROBSll HOUSE"TO SAVE FAMILYChicago Woman Fulfills CompactMade With an Armed Burglar in the Night.H tWL tT rTHREATENS TO KILLParis, Ky., toCincinnati, O.,And Return.SUNDAY, JDLY 28, 1912,Fare $1.50 And Return.Excursion Train leaves 7thStreet Station Returning to Parisat 7 p. m.Tickets good Ionday ofsal. e yFor further information, call on orwritsW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.A gold bracelet, between Tucker'sstore on Main street and Eight streetto High. Finder return to undersigned ana get reward.MISS MARTHA MYNES,1022 High St.Wanted.To get in touch immediately with ayoung man, coilege student preferred,in connection with Four States Tourpublicity. Here's work for all summerif you want it. Address, statingqualifications, ALL EX S. MOODY,224 Saks B'l'd'g. Indianapolis, Ind.DR. DOLLE'SMESSAGE TOYOU CAN BE CURED BYMEN"& ifflMk. DE. O. L. DOLLE. V. "Why Take Treatment That Is Doing TonKo Good, When a Few Days under the careDr. Dolle Will Show You How Easy ItIs to Cure These Diseases When the ProperTreatment Is Administered.Have you treated lor months and years, andbeen disappointed until you think that you cannot be cured ? You, no doubt, all this time havebeen treatedTby inexperienced doctors who hadneither sufficient -knowledge nor experience toknow how to cure you.These are the diseases of which I havecured so many, justly piving me the reputation for cures of which I am ho proud.Blood Diseases, Skin DiseasesI will give you treatment that will in a fewdays cure all rash, spots and every Eigii andSmptom. My treatment gets the poison out ofe system instead of driving it in like ordinarytreatments. I cure blood diseases and skin disease so they cannot come back.Varicocele, causing aching or pain ingroin or back, Nervousness, "Weakness,Iioss of Vitality, Lack of AmbitionMy one-treatment cure is what you Ehouldbave and what you will have to have to be curedright. Only one visit is required. I do no cutting and you suffer no pain nor trouble. Allsigns disappear in a few days.Nervous Troubles, JJost VitalityMy combined treatment for thece troubles socommonamong those who have become w eak and"wornout, who nave caused it by folly, dissipationand excesses, is remarkably good. No one believesbow quickly it benefits until they have taken it.It overcomes weakness, nervousness, pain inback, lack of energy, ambition and strength it'sjust the treatment I have found so effective intreating such diseases.Kidney and Bladder Troublesare scientifically cured by me. My methods immediately benefit you, and the majority of casesI cure come from physicians and specialists whofailed.Pife Pictlllaf I can cure you sofUCS, riMUIdC quickly and easilythat you will be surprised. I will give you justthe result and cure you are looking for withouta surgical operation.Acute Diseases JSffiremedies seldom cure. My treatment stops everysymptom and cures in a few days. It is scientificthat's the only sure way to be cured so it willnot come back.Yoh can take my Treatment without acent and pay me after I cure you. I knowthat I can give you new life, new hope, and canTeetore you back to health and happiness. Iknow that every man will pay after I have elimlaated every trace of disease from his system.Microscopical and analytical urinalysis FREE.I bare writeen a book that ought to be in thefcaads of every Buffering man in this country. I"will send you a copy, free, if you will write me atOBoe the disease for which you desire treatement,Moan, 9 to 4: Sundays, 9 to 1 p. m. Evenings,tt 8. on Monday .Wednesday and Saturday nightsC. L. DOLLE, M. D.Orr Columbia Theater 525 Walnut St, betweenFifth and Sixth Streets.Oftce eacy to find, as all that is necessary is toMk lor the Columbia Theater, and any one canW1 you this.(By MTRON C. SAFFORD, In the Farmand Fireside.)I think I have studied out and madea perfect combined nesting and roosting box. The nesting-boxes are ofeasy access, and at the same time sosecret as to please the hens, and make jthem very secure from the hens learn-'ing that pernicious habit, so oftenlearned in the winter, of eating theireggs. The roosts are in a position toallow all possible access -of fresh airwithout draft, and at the same time allow protection from a severe coldnight. The third important advantagelies in the fact that it is made so muchin sections as to be moved with ease.Every part is perfectly accessible, soas to be easily oiled or whitewashed,to prevent and remove disease or lice.The foundation is a bench (A) 15 inches high, which allows the hens to usethe floor space underneath, so that isnot wasted; 25 inches wide, and aslong as desired, conforming to thespace available and fowls to use it;remember, the nests (E) should be 15inches square, so the length shouldbe an equal multiple of 15. The nestboxes should have a door (B) to turndown in front, with sufficient openspace in cracks to allow the hen a little light, and yet dark enough to encourage them in hiding their eggs, andalso to discourage the idle hens fromhunting after the newly laid eggs. Youwill note the hens enter an entranceWife Gives Up Own Valuables, Babies'Banks, and the Contents of HerHusband's Trousers She Recalls Neighbor's Tragedy.I I ., 5 i iChicago. At two o'clock the othermorning Mrs. John C. Kuhns, whosehusband is assistant purchasing agentof a big railroad company, enteredinto and carried out the terms of anhonorable agreement with a burglar.The agreement was made in Mrs.Kuhns' boudoir at her residence, 7120Luella avenue, by the glare of theburglar's flashlight. In a chamber adjoining slept the woman's husbandand her two children in blissful ignorance of what was happening.The agreement was something likethis: Mrs. Kuhns was not to growhysterical, cry out, or waken her husband. In return the burglar was notto murder Mrs. Kuhns or molest herhusband.And in the fulfillment of her part ofthe compact Mrs. Kuhns proceeded toturn over her own valuables, slip intothe chamber beside her sleeping husband, remove his trousers, rifle themof ten dollars, break open the banksof her two babies, push the contentsinto the hands of the robber, and thenescort that person to the front doorand bid him good night."Why did I do it?" Mrs. Kuhns repeated. "Please remember the caseof Clarence D. Hiller a year and a halfago. He was our neighbor. Onenight a negro burglar entered . theroom of his two daughters in theirhouse out here. Mr. Hiller, awakenedby his wife and the cries of the chilfldren, ran up and seized the robber.Mr. Hiller was killed. The burglar,Thomas Jennings, was hanged onfinger print evidence for his murder."That all came to me when I sawthe white circle of the burglar's electric lantern creep slowly across mydressing table. I sat up in bed. TheCombined Roosts and Nests.(C) at back right (or left) hand corner, at the end and into an alley (D)that runs back of the nests (E) andopens into each. On top of the nest isa cleated cover of matched boards ,that carries an open-faced box without itop or bottom, that sets on the cleated jcover and in turn supports a cleatedcover. In this open box is placed atroost made of two poles nailed to one-by-three-inchstrips 24 inches long forsupports. At the front edge of coveris fastened a piece of bu'rlap, or sVrip Jof blanket, to turn down on very coldnights after the hens are at roost'Large fowls need a cleated board setslanting, in order to walk up to theroost. A small box should be set atthe entrance of the nest-boxes.!--8 c -&PROTECT THE YOUNG CHICKSPut Together Some Thin Boards orSlabs In Form of Crate WithFine Mesh Wire on Top.The illustration gives an Idea howto build a yard for young chicks. Puttogether some thin boards or slabs inthe form of a crate at least two feethigh and tack fine mesh wire netting ,over the sides and top. A small doorshould be put in one side to allowp5r?v rJ 'xzZ2z.Covered Yard for Young Chicks.operator to care for feed and waterdishes. The wire yard should beplaced tight to the entrance of brooderor coop, and made secure at eitherside by hooks and staples. Thus thewhole outfit may be easily detached,and moved about as the runs becomestale, writes Charles R. Bushnell inthe Farm and Home. You also haveprotection for the chickens fromcrows, hawks and cats, etc.Disease-Breeding Houses.In closely-built houses, where thereis poor ventilation, the air becomescontaminated by gases arising fromfilth and the accumulation of droppings. As the hens are exposed tothese gases during the night, it isno wonder that the system becomespoisoned by them and disease results.Nitrogenous Feeds.While meat is an excellent food foregg production, on account of its nitrogenous quality, there are a number oiother feeds which are also high innitrogen, among which may be foundlinseed meal, malt sprouts and glutenfeds. imy wtjf"if YouScream, I'llYou!"Have to Kiliburglar threw the blinding light icmy face. In his hand was a revolver." Tf you scream, lady, I'll have tckill you,' he said. I wanted to scream.But I didn't. After a while I said:'My husband and children are asleepin the next room. Please don't wakethem. I'll do anything you say.'"He pulled out the dresser drawers,found a few trinkets, put them in hispocket, and then started for the doorof my husband's room." 'Where are you going?' I askedhim. I think he said: 'Through thehouse.'"'You promise me you'll sit righthere and I'll get you everything oivalue we have,' I replied. T knowi where everything is and I don't wantanybody to get hurt'"He thought awhile and then promised. He sat down in a chair with hisrevolver on the door as I softlyopened it I went to a chair besidemy husband's bed. He moved in hissleep and held out a hand. I strokedit quietly while I "reached with theother hand for his trousers. Then Islipped back to my own room."We went through the pockets theburglar and I together. We found apurse and ten dollars. I gave it to theburglar. Then I went back to the children's room. I took their two littlebanks and gave them to the man."He wanted to go out a window ofthe dining-room, as he had come, butI induced him to tiptoe down thestairs and opened the front door."'Thanks, lady,' he said."'Good night,' I replied and shutthe door."Then I went and awakened myhusband. I waited "until the burglarcould get safely away so there wasnothing for Mr. Kuhns to do but telephone the police."ADVANTAGES OF TRAP NESTSBy Use of Device Number of EggsLaid by Each Hen May Be Ascertained Without Trouble.The primary object of using trapnests is to develop a heavy layingstrain. It has been found by the useof trap nests that the number of eggslaid per hen in an average flock variesfrom 40 to 245. Without using trapnests, the results from such a flockwould be uncertain and probably unsatisfactory. It is the object of thepoultryman to breed and build up thestrain which lays the heaviest, bybreeding to the heavy producers.For fanciers, the trap nest is indis-ji ii i i M i -ii ii in'. f 'T I " I T ir rervi ore ser leer I STLiGAMK S SffCTS,J'OprfiCHUP$-4Sectional View of Nests.pensable on account of the fact thatin the ordinary pen there are fromsix to 12 females to one male. If trapnests are used, and there are as manyas there are females in the pen, it ispossible to distinguish each hen'seggs, while if the trap nests are notused, this is impossible.The use of trap nests goes far toprevent the hens forming the habit ofegg-eating. They are likely to formthis habit if kept in limited quarters.If so kept, they are probably not giventhe very best food, and probably notenough of it, especially animal food.The accompanying drawings of abank of trap nests are self-explanatory.The nests are built without anytop or bottom. The hen enters throughthe back of the nest, brushing underthe hanging wire, which releases thedoor. She then passes on to the nestcompartment toward the front end.To inspect the nest, and to removethe hen, ascertain her number, and secure the eggs,, the front door is simply unbuttoned, and let down. It willbe noticed that the two doors are fastened together with a cord, so thatwhen the front door is let down, thetrap is automatically set again. Thehen will find it difficult to leavethrough the back door at this time, asthe hanging wire permits her to goone way only. These are so simplethat in making them in almost anyquantity, the material should not costover 15 cents, at most, per trap nest.PERCH SPACE FOR CHICKENSSmall Hens Should Be Allowed SixInches, While Larger Birds ShouldBe Given Eight.As a general rule, small hens shouldhave about six inches of perch space,while the larger hens should be allowed eight inches. In the winterthey huddle closer together, but inthe summer there should be plenty ofroom to allow them to spread outPerch for Chickens.Perches should be 12 inches apartand not closer than 15 inches to thewall or ceiling. Show birds, especially Leghorns or similar type, should bekept at a greater distance from wallsand ceilings. Many good birds arespoiled by "brooming" their tailsagainst the walls.There are several methods of making movable perches. One of the mostcommon is by hinging them to thewall at the back.Fertility of Eggs.The disposition of the male bird hasconsiderable to do with the fertilityof the eggs. A male that is greedy andquarrelsome is apt to drive hensaway from the feed and gulp downmore than is good for him. Suchmales become overfat and consequently sluggish.On the other hand, the too gallantmale will stand back while the hensare helping themselves. His conditionis as bad as the greedy bird, for he isundefed and has not the properstrength to fertilize.Stuck Tight. .New York. Doctors labored two-'hours to remove an agate soup kettle!from the head of.Svsca. v Jtwo-year-old Peter- yHen Not Sentimental.There is no sentiment in a hen.Her only object in life is to getenough to eat. If she is given thatand a warm, well-ventilated house tosleep in all night, a dry shelteredplace in winter, she will do the rest." -immmmrmJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEL-,Good Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!TRE JQB R0OfflS OFTHEBHRB0NNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOG ,POSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.Cbe Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.4-tUUilUUUiUUUiiX& Ia?uY '-"y'n--i,iiifimjia i t1-. Jt. . -M'' 1 " iX'"-!"u,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 26, 191 2WHALE IS LASSOED"f, j w BK HHhNFh.ff A-SfefcGave Up HopeIv f J,h,f 7 yMrS' raWful Pains due to womanWP il6 MrS- M- D- McPherson, from Chadbourn N. C. They grew worse, till I would often faintI could not walk at all, and I had an awful hurting in myside ; also a headache and a backachemJi efnVndrtl7?ht TUld' die' but W hundurged me to try Card u., so, I began, and the first bottlehelped me. By the t.me the third bottle was used, I coulddo all my work. AH the people around here said I woulddie, but Cardui relieved me."TAKEThRDU I Woman! Tonicv. f?r more than JSO vparc fNirri,,: i, t i-"v , :. . jwo, vtiium uaa uceii relievingwoman s simenngs, and making weak women strong andwell During this time, thousands of women have written,ike Mrs. McPherson, to tell of the really surorising resultsthey obtained by the use of this purely vegetable, tonicremedy for women. 'Cardai strengthens, builds, restores, and relieves or prevents unnecessary pain and suffering from womanly troublesIf ou are a woman, begin taking Cardui, today.lor Speed Instructions, and 64-page book, "Home Treatment for Womc" sratFei J 3FROM THE BEACHBig Sea Mammal Is SecurelyTethered to Post and Viewedby Thousands-7 ... Yoor Dollar Buys More pMrWAS MIRED IN SANDWestern Cow-Puncher Visiting on LongIsland Shows Natives How to UseRope When He Sees Fishin Surf.mm'zmmmmmmmmmmmiTWIN BROS.Department Store Cor. 7th and MainSpecial PricesOn Extra Wide Swiss Flouncing at 25c and50c per yard.Children's m Wash Dresses, 50c, 75c, $1.Ladies' one-piece Serge Dresses, $4.98.(All Colors)Ladies' and Misses' Fine Tailored Suits, $9.95.White Nuback Shoes, $3.Special Values on Millinery, Skirts and Waists.-TWIN BROS.Paris, Kentucky3PK SHflrRS rH HrvfflHaHi H;fje usmfm WmB;The LatestThing int StovesFor "a" midnight supper, as for any other meal at anyorf,r tim(. the verv latest thing in stoves the best.Fthat stove-artists can do is aIt Burns OilNo AshesIt Concentrates Heat-No WasteIt Js Handyv njwIt is ReadyNo DelayNew Pereei ioftOil Cook-stoveIt concentrates the heat when you want itand w here you want it. It is as auick as gas,steadi-ir and handier than' coal, cheaper thaniThe New Perfection Stove hw W, enanled.lurqooae-blue chimneys. It u handwmdy finuhedin nickel, with cabinet top, cWop helves, towelracUeicl Made with 1,2 or 3 burner.AH dealer carry th New Pfe $T;T lu- A u I rovif mailiaa COtL 1.w given 10 aajoae cwu - - -' STANDARD OIL COMPANYNew York. Lassoing a whale fromthe beach at Arverne, L. I., was thefeat the other day of John Ehrhart, ayoung man visiting the Arverne lifesavers, when the great sea mammalwas sighted. Neatly over the threshingtail of the monster Ehrhart, who saidhe once punched cattle in the west,dropped his noose and the life-saverstied their catch to a spile driven inthe sand.Later in the day thousands visitedthe whale, as the fine weather drewthrongs to the shore, and congratulated Bruce Smith, fourteen years old,who first saw the visitor from thedepths spouting close in shore andwho will net a tidy sum from thesale of the blubber and whale bone,he expects.Capt. William Rhinehart of Arvernelife-savers, was dumfounded at hisbreakfast when young Smith rushedin shouting: "Thar she blows! Tharshe blows!" in true New Bedfordfashion.At first he thought the boy, whomhe knew well, had gone crazy, butshading his eyes with his hands, helooked down the beach, and, sureGnniierh. thpro wore tho Hfflo povcorawmat aenote a wnaie s presence, curling over the combers on the beach."Roust all hands out, and we'll haveher ashore for the boy," ordered thecaptain.Soon the life-savers were gatheredalong the beach opposite the whale,p I rXAwiWhen you buy a Studebaker-E-M-F "30" or StndebakerFlanders "20" you get more for your money, dollar fordollar, than in any other car built.There may be other good cars but what is their price?That's the rub. If they really are good cars, they necessarily cost more because comparatively few are built. Somepoor cars, you know, are high priced too, so that the dealercan fool you by cutting the price. What a car is reallyworth, not what it costs, should be your standard.The Studebaker Corporation has the largest and bestautomobile factories in the world. We could build and sellany competing car today for less money than its presentprice. In your Studebaker-E-M-F "30" cr Flanders "20"you get full value, because the biggest factories and thebest brains in the industry build these cars., Studebaker-E-M-F "30" Touring Car, standard equippedf.o.b. Detroit $1100. Equipped as above with Top,Windshield, Prest-O-Lite Tank and Speedometer, f. o. b.Detroit $1190.Our New Art Catalogue Witt Interest You Send for itThe Studebaker CorporationDetroit, MichiganBourbon Oarage & SupplyCor. 4th and High Sreets,Paris, Kentucky' . kCo.i KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."HourlyHigh Speed ThroughService.'Paris Lexington FrankfortDivision.Sent the Loop Circling About theBroad Tail.watching its impotent struggle to freeitself from a depression in the sand.In its eagerness to follow a school oflittle fish, which a whale scoops intoits great mouth for food, it had swamtoo far inshore and had got over atiny har. Now its great tail swishedimpotently and it buried itself deeperin its little hole in the sand everymoment."Get a line and I'll rope the critter," offered Ehrhart, who had sleptover night in the life-saving station.Calmly he spliced and tied a coarsepiece of rope that a man brought fromthe boathouse. At the first cast, standing above his knees in the water, theerstwhile cowboy sent the loop circling about the broad tail of the whaleand a cheer went up as many handsdrew the knot tight. The whale's gigantic throws and hauls were in vain.It was tied to a spile and left for thetide to strand when it went out.Exposure to the air caused thewhale soon to gasp its life away. Itwas about twenty feet long andweighed about two tons.A Little Too Large.Massillon, O. D. R. Akey built achicken coop in spare hours in his fishmarket. He worked with hammer andsaw until late at night, and was inflated with pride, when he exhibitedthe piece of architecture to his friends.They thought it wonderful until Akeyundertook to remove it from his market, when he found that it was toolarge by several feet to go through thedoor. Akey was forced to call in carpenters, who removed part of the sideof the building before the chicken coopwas finally liberated.Complete Bridge Missing.Dayton, O. The county bridge nearthe paper mill canal locks at West Carrollton, valued at $600, is lost, strayedor stolen. Four year ago a contractorfound it necessary to remove thebridge temporarily to put in the locks.The other day another contractormade a thorough search for the structure, but not even a bolt could "bej found.Gar3 leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort eery hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m..and at 10 o. m., the last car going onlyas far as VersaillesGars leave Lexington for Versailles,Frankfort and Paris, every hour from6 a. m. until 7 p. m, and at 9 andll d.m., the last car going only as far asVersailles.Cars leave Versailles Jfor Lexingtonand Paris every 15 minutes after thehour from 6 :15 a. m. until 8 :15 p. m.and at 11 :15 p. m.. last car going onlyas far as Lexngton.Cars leave Versailles for Frankforteverv 45 minutes after the hour from6 :45 a. ro. until 7 :45 p. m., and at 9 :45d. m.Cars leav.e Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington'and Paris every thirty minutes after the hour from 6:30 a. m.until 7:30;p. m., and 10:30 p . m., thelast car going only as far as Lexington. GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTON-NICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexington and Nicholasville Jevery forty-fiveminutes after the honr from 5 :45 a. m.until 6:45 p. m., and at 8:05 and 10:05p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville everv thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 "p. m.,and at 9 and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville lor Lexington every fifteen minutes'af ter the hourfrom 6:15 a. m. until S:15 p.m. and at10:15 p. Tm.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetown every hour on the hour from 6a. m. until 7 p. m.. and at 9 and 11 p.m.No 6 a. m. cars on Sunday .17-tffs(itsdmsvs(USt(hw5 &;99-.9'9'9'9'9'l7Bourbon LaundryD.WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice. SMA n ! i o w? wn r ruumar oervice forParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial orasi. You'll notregret it.Bourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky.b jr. HkLHurcti!Convict Returned Lost Rings.During a visit shs paid to the prisonin Marquette, Mich., the other day, awealthy Cincinnati woman lost twovaluable diamond rings. An honestlife prisoner in the meantime foundthe jewels in the prison yard. Theywere in a chamois bag and probablybad been kicked about unconsciouslyby other convicts. The jewels werepromptly returned to the owner. ,Public Sale!OF VALUABLEReal Estate!Notice.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.David Hickman's Administrator. --PlaintiffVs. Notice.His Heirs, - DefendantsAll "person holding claims againstthe estate of David Hickman, deceased, are hereby notified to present thesame, proven, as required by law, tome at my office at the court house, inParis, Bourbon county, Kentucky.All claims not presented by September 1. 1912. will be barred.C. A. MCMILLAN, M. C. B. C. C.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfChsap Cleaner.A bicycle pump is a good substitutefor a vacuum cleaner in getting dustfrom nooks and crannies in marblestatuary, plaster casts, carved furni-iture or any crevices whore it may lurk .in spite of dust cloth and brush Run Jthe open end of the rubber tubing overthe surface to be dusted, -while working the pump vigorously with the footA soft dust cloth will do the rest.Always an "If."Life is governed by "ifs" at everystage.One of His Few Joys.The printer sets type and sometimes hatches a lot of trouble.Few American Negroes in London."There are a few American negroesin London," says a New York Sun correspondent, "but most of the race inEngland are young men from the British colonies who are studying law ormedicine or taking regular collegiatecourses. In the library at Lincolnsinn, one of the noted inns of court orlaw schools of London, every man engaged in reading when a Sun correspondent was there the other day waaa negro."On Tuesday, August d,1912, on the premises, at thehour of 2 o'clock p. m., I willoffer for sale 10 desirable building-lots, located in Williams Addition to the City of Paris.These lots are located wherethey will always rent.Also three houses and lots"located in Claysville.All of said property rents welland for a small investment can'tbe beat.Terms made known on day ofsale.For further particulars, applyto WALLACE JACKSON.M. F. Kenney, Auct.19jy6tjRnnie LanqbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.aujjlUtfEast Tenn. Phoe , 60S3r rr.. -- v v--;SUftTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 26, 1912k-r"aIj.1.. C Cnminailt inn to .-ar -r irAnJACAPITAL FAIR, Pr22? &One of the best tfairs in iue -""'V . JBrine or send vour poultry, stock, handwork art, preserves, etc.Special rates over both interurban and railroad. Now is your chanceto see the Capitol at a minimum cost, in addition to seeing the Fair.For information or catalogue, write to the Secreary.DR. J. P. STUART, Pres. i. W. JEFPERS, Sect.MicaV 1rItit r1V"the Borne of Correct Tootwear'JJOj a-t m1To the Great Values to be Mad atDAN COHEN'SGreat Clearance Sale !As fast as our stocks are depleted, greater and bettervalues are rushed to the front, including all our highgrade and latest style footwear.ToMorrow SaturdayNew goods on sale at the same low prices that haveso astonished and delighted all Bourbon County.Gome to our store for your footwear. Buy now whilewe have your size.All Summer Goods Must Go toMake Room For Pall Stocks.All Walk-Over Oxfords,Including All Latest Styles, at Cut Prices.This is not a Sale of a few shop-worn odds and ends.All goods are new and up-to-date.Mid b Summer MarkDown Sale Pricein Ladies' ShoesLadies' two-strap J?umps and Oxfords inWhite Canvas, Patent andGun Metal, our 2grade Mark-downPriceent ana$1.24Ladies' High-grade White Duck and TanPumps and Shoes, (t A o (t AAdfcdeeMafk:.P2'2" & 'One lot Ladies' Oxfords and Pamps,mostly small sizes,$1.50 to 3.00 value,Mark-down Price75cOne lot Ladies' Oxfords and Pumps,ail sizes, Sl.oO to $3.00value, Mark-downPrices ana .rumps,99cMark-down Sale InBoys' and Girls'OxfordsOur best quality Boys' Oxfords in Tan,Patent, Ciun MetalS3 value, Markdow,n Pricecoys' uxtoras m ran,$2.29Children's White Canvas and Pique Button fcnoes, oui-fcLol) gradesizes 5 to 11, Mark-downPriceu.nu jrique cut-99cMisses' and Children's Pateno and GunEJ7d.$124 and 93cMisses' and Children's JMBarefoot Sandals, all sizes wW JkMark-down Price "Tt &One lot Boys' White Can- gm fvas and Gun metal Shoes, l BMark-down Price . .One lot Infants' and Chil- f fdren's Pumps, 75c to $1 Uvalue, Mark-down Price . . J PMark-downSale PriceAll Our Walk-Over Oxfords atCut PricesMen's H and $3.50Walk-Over OxfordsMark-down Price..S3.19One lot Men's odd sizesOxfords, 2.50 to $3.50values, Mark-down Price.99cMen's $3.00 and 3.50 Oxfords in Tan,Gun Metal andPatent, Markdown Price....Men's S2 and 2.50quality Oxfords,Mark-down Price . .S1.69DAN COHEN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky. InDAN COHEN!)MILLERSBURG ITEMS.Mrs. W. V. Huffman is quite illl.Mrs. E. P. Conner, of Bardstown,is the guest, of her daughter, Mrs. T.P. Waddell.Mr. Cas. Hook and family, ofAugusta, arrived Tuesday as euests ofMr. and Mrs. J. A. Butler.As the result of injuries sustainedby a fall Miss Ida Dodson is confinedto her home.Mrs, Mattie McGinn, of Chicago,arrived Tuesday as the guest of Mrs.Mattie Hawes.Miss Georgie McDaniel will returntomorrow from a visit to Miss SarahLand, at Lexington.Mr. John Shea, of Paris, arrivedSunday as the guest of nis mother,Mrs. "Russell Mitchell.Miss Mafy Crates,' of 2icholasville,arrived Wednesday as the guest ofMiss Alma Duke Jones.Mrs. K. L. Buffington, of Cincinnati,arrived Monday as the guest of hersister, Mrs. W. M. Miller.Misses Vee and Christine Patterson,left Tuesday for a visit to their sister,Mrs. Paris, at Lexington.Miss Mary Woods of Paris, 111., andMrs. W. A. Parish, of Cynriiiana, areguests of Mrs. T.JM. Vimont.A cablegram from Miss Anna JamesMcClintock, who is touring Europestates that the party is now in Rome.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Bowman, ofHuntington, W. Va., were guests ofDr. and Mrs. W. M. Miller, Mondaynight.Misses Ruth and Margaret Weathers, of Avon, arrived Wednesday asthe guest of their cousin, Mrs. D. E.Clarke.Mr. Amos Case sold on xuesday hishome in Judyville, with two vacantlots to Mrs. Gauit, of Mason county,at a private price.Mrs. C. M. Best and Miss MarthaSmith returned Wednesday after athree weeks tour of New York, Washington and Atlantic City.Mrs. C. H. Harris and daughter, whohave been guests for two weeks ofMrs. C. D. Tackstt, returned todayto th?ir home in Chattanooga. Tenn.Miss Kokendoffer, of Carlisle, willvisit her sister, Mrs. Mack Jones tomorrow and together they will leavefor Georgetown Monday to attend thefair.2Miss Lucy Jones, who has been theguest of Miss Virginia Watts, at Covington, for several weeks, will returnhome Saturday accompianed by MissWatts.Misses Kizzie McDaniel, Hazel Kerrand Ruth Stirman will return tomorrow from the Eastern Kentucky Normal School at Richmond where theytook a special course.Miss Ruth Myall returned yesterdayfrom a visit in Little Rock. She wasaccompanied home by Misses RuthSoper and Frankie Hopkins, whospent the day with her.The Four State auto party made upof about twenty-five machines, passedthrough Millersburg Monday afternoon about six o'clock. Quite a number of people had assembled to viewthe sight.Miss Ruth Myall, of Liberty, Mo. ,who has been visiting in Paris willarrive today for a visit to Miss EthelJohnson. She -will be accompaniedby Mrs. Wm. Myall, Mi3s Lizzie Jasper and Mrs. Woodford Daniel.Mr. James C. Hawes. who won thediamond ring, the second districtprize, in the Lexington Herald Contest is receiving showers of congratulations. Mr. Hawes made a brilliantrace, and his figures showed up well.Master George Morton Jones fellfrom his bicycle Monday evening about6 o'clock in front of the office of Dr.C. B. Smith. He was taken into Dr.Smith's office in an unconscious condition, but soon rallied, and is doingvery nicely. One.arm and hand werebadly sprained.Mr. and Mrs. William Sheeler, ofFord, were guests of his parents, Mr.and Mrs. Henry Sheeler, Wednesdayand Thursday. Mr. Sheeler who is inthe employ of the L. & N. R. R. hasaccepted a position as station agenton the L. & E. at Jackson, and willenter in his new charge the first ofAugust.Considerable excitement prevailedover the lower part of town for awhile Tuesday evening. Mrs. JamesHoward allowed her two little daughters, Maggie and rancis, aged 4 and7 years, to o up the street tojmeetuieir icii.ie. , wnum sue supposea wascoming in horn the farm in order thatthey might ride back with him. Between 6 and 7 o'clock Mr. Howardcame in without the children, sayingthat he-had not seen them. Thisalarmed the family and a search wasmade for the missing children. Believing that the children might go tothe farm, Mr. Howard made an inquiry of every one he met until hereached his farm upon which his bro-Bourbon ExhibitionPremiums.TakesBourbon exhibitors are, very much inevidence at the Mt. Sterling Fair thisweek and are carrying off a number ofpremiums in the show ring. Following are the premium awards made toBourbon horsemen during the first twodavs of the fair:Collins & Redmon, North Middletown, second in ring for best mare orgelding any age ; second, walk, trotcanter mare or gelding anv age; second, harness gelding four years oldand over ; first, harness gelding anyage.Lee R. Cravens, Little Rock, first inring for best yearling stallion shownto halter.Speakes Bros., Paris, first for bestyearling filly shown to halter.MeCray Bros., Millersburg, first forfive gaited saddle mare, and third inthe three-year-old championship class.A. G. Jones, North Middletown, firstin five gaited saddle class, mare twoyears old and under andsecond m junior championship class," five gaits.E. K. Thomas, North Miiddletown,second in five gaited saddle mare class,two years old and under.Caywood & Hamilton. North Middletown,-fourthin three-year-old junior championship class.Bargains in Corsets.One lofof broken sizes of Warner'sRustproof Corsets, regular $1.50, $2and $2.50 values, to be closed out at 98cents.THE SIMON DEPT. STORE.To Install Block System.It is stated upon good authority thatthe Louisville "and Nashville railroadwill put in operation the new blocksystem between this city and Cincinnati rapidly as it can be constructed so as to'handle with greater rapidity and safety the great traffic that isbeing inaugurated on this division ofthe road. The'completion'of the system will reduce ;the running time offast trains between Paris and Cincinnati to less than'two hours.Some Good Bargains.Ladies' tailored skirts, $10 and $12values, at S6.85.THE SIMON DEPT. STORE.Congressman Cantrill's Expenses. The campaign expenses of variousKentucky candidates for Congresshave been filed with Clerk SouthTrimble of the National House, incompliance with the Federal law,which does not ask for personal expenses. According to the accountsfiled it cost Congressman J. Campbell Can trill, from the Seventh District, a great deal more to acquire theoffice than any other Congressman inthe Stato. His campaign expenses toMarch G were 52S.50, and to March25, $621.50, a total of $1,150.Great Reduction.Ladies' lawn and lingerie waists,lace and embroidery trimmed, $1.50values, at 98 cents.THE SIMON DEPT. SIORE.Accepts Position With GroceryCompany.Mr. M. O. Upton, recently ofLebanon, Ky., has accepted a position ascity salesman for the Power GroceryCompany, of thisjeity. vice Mr. H. M.Campbell, who assumed the positionupon the resignation of Mr. HarryOgle. Mr. Campbell will return to hisformer position as stenographer forthe firm,- a position which has beenheldby Mr. Wm. Chisholm, who goesto the freight office of the Louisvilleand Nashville railroad. Mr. Upton,who is a brother-in-law of Mr. H. H.Floyd.'local manager Jof the : Cumberland Telephone Co., with his family, isboarding atj the home of Mr. fFloyd,on Cypress street.Refrigerators; Lawn and PorchFurniture.See my immense stock of refrigerators ; every size and of best makes.My assortment of lawn porch furniture is unequaled.Asplendid line of rugs, carpets andwall paper to select from.Call and lock them o er. Pricesmost reasonable.J. T. HINION.Plant Secret.An old and experienced floristtaught me many valuable -and usefulthings in regard to plants. One of hiBtricks was that whenever he transplanted any flower or plant he alwayssifted steel filings into the new soilbefore he put in the plant. He explained to me that the steel filingsrusted when the soil was watered andthat the rust made the plants growrapidly. In the long time that I wasassociated with him I never knew hismethod of treatment to fail.Dr. Blaney Quits Central University.Dr. T. Lindsey Blamiey,cf Danville,for a numberof years head of the department of European Literature atCentral University, at Danville, hasresigned to accept the chair ofGermanics at one of the largest salaries paid in the country, at the RiceInstitute for the Advancement ofLiterature, Science and Art, locatedat Houston,-Texas. The new institution, which begins on an endowment,conservatively estimated 'at $10,000,000, will be opened in October 'with afestival in which scholars from allparts of the world will participate.Dr. Blavney is a Kentuckian, son rofthe late Rev. Dr. J. McCluskey 'Blayney, D. D., of the First PresbyterianChurch, of Frankfort, and is relatedto many prominent Kentucky families.He was graduated from Central University in 1894 with honors. Immediately he went to Europe, where hespecialized in the leading universitiesfor nine years. He has gained distinction as an instructor, and CharlesSylvester Vierecwk. an eminent German critic, speaks ofhim as one of themoat successful intepreters of Germantraditions ?and ideals in the UnitedStates. Dr. Blayney has lectured extensively throughoutthe country and arecent issue of the Review of Reviewspraises his'work in no unstinted terms.He isa brilliant writer and long" a contributor to periodical literature.Dr. Blayney is vice preisdent of theAmerican Federation of Arts, a member of the Archaeological Institute ofAmerica the Modern Language Association of America, and many otherlearned societies. Inll896, Dr. Blayney married Miss Gertrude South, ofFrankfort, well known in this city,where shehas frequently" visited. Mrs.Blayney, who is an accomplished linguist, accompanied her husband in hi3travels, and is one of the first European women to enter the city of Fez,in the heart of Morocco. She will accompany her husband toTexas, wherethey will live. lTerrell Chosen lor Chairman.j State Chairman Rufus H. Vansant,of the Democraitc Committees, willt holdja conference this week preparatory to calling a meeting of the comImittee, probably at Louisville, within; the next ten (lays, to organize for the! national campaign in Kentucky."At this meeting of the btate Committee a camnaign chairman'fw Kentuckywill be named, a sftary selected...and headquarters ws" D? opened duringthe first week in Auf,u?t. The Hon.Claude B. Terrell, c -mmble countySpeaker of the Hous- of Hepre.se.ntj&Itives, will be honoreHWithi Cam.paign chairmanship bycfeState Committee. Mr. Terrell is closely in touchwith the party organiaztion in theState, has demonstrated in the Da3tthat he is a live wire in politics "anoaltogether well equipped for the dutietof conducting a campaign.Refrigerators.Get the new Iceberg refrigeratorsold bytf A. F. WHEELER & CO.pOULTKTRESULTS BY HOPPER FEEDINGSystem Causes Least Trouble and Affords Birds Opportunity to Balance Their Own Ration.(By R. G. WEATHERSTONE.)There are different methods of feeding poultry that have given good results under varying conditions. Muchhas been said concerning the warmmash and the good results obtainedtherefrom. The hopper system is theleast trouble and with a variety offeed placed before the birds they canperhaps balance their own ration better than the poultryman. The writerLook Well to It.Now is the time for the tsphoidfever germ to come, and it is imperative that every propertv-owner of thacity see to it that his or her premisesare kept clean from all garbage. LmesDrinkled around the stables and susbplaces where disease germs lurk. Bctythe water; it may take a little mortime, but it may mean the life of oneof the family. "The Health Boardjjrgesall to take utmost pains at this' timeof the year, when dirt and filth aresuch a menace to the public health.Wheat Wanted.Call and see us before selling yourwheat. Highest market price,R. 8. HUTCHCRAFT,16-4t Both phone3 84.Fly Catechism.1. Where is the Fly born? In manure and filth.2. Where does the Fly live? In allkinds of filth and he carries filth on hisfeet and wings.3. Where does the Fly go when heleaves the manure pile, the privy vultaand the spittoon? He goes into thekitchen, the dining room and the store.4. What does the fly do there? Hewalks on the bread, fruit and vegetables ; he wipes his feet on the butterand he bathes in the milk.5. Does the fly visit patients sickwith consumption, typhoid fever andcholera infantum? He does, and hemay call on you next, carrying the infection of these diseases.6. What diseases does the fiy carry?Tpyhoid fever, consumption, diarrhealdiseases, scarlet fever and in fact, anycommunicable disease.- 7. How can the fly be prevented?By rleaning out the stable and scattering the manure weekly ; by destroying all the filth about vour premises'screen the privy vault; burn or buryall waste matter; detsroy your garbage; screen your house.Either man must kill the fly or thefly will kill man.;Roxie" Davis !Cbe Insurance fluentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning.IBiggest and Best Paving Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Call.N 2 Helios 137lowed by Dr. C. C. Fisher there wasscarctly a dry eye in the house. Dr.Ut"i rwJf goiten Smith, the pastor and other conremnl 2J tfl kE 5ea; Scions ol the town, and his intensea"Cm aL0.nAgom interest in everything tending to thein C ti fi tE , wJ 7hLt uem good of the town and community, andm, they tellmg him where they were Sii thpnf.uprnhnrnlpq ns rop ' hl-Qgoing. However he let them outsome little distance before they reached their uncle's home.all the other churches as well as hisown. His remarks addressed to the,SwSJ!?iSi! tfamily will never be forgo'tten bythose present.Eld. Smith had been in MillersburgThe funeral of Elder Thomas Smith, since last February. While here hewho died Sunday morning, was held '. made an impression that will live asdark before Mr. Howardhome with the children.returnedTuesday afternoon at the Christichurch at 3 :30. Elder J.JW. Ligo.niNonn ivnuuieiown, conuuciea tne sevices, ine tuneral discourse was booDuring the service and talk that filong as those 'who survive him. Thefloral tributes were numerous and'beautiful. A large sorrowing crowdfollowed the remains toSth'eir last resting place in the Millersburg cemetery.Whits Wyandotte Cock.uses a Cornell hopper with six divisions in which are placed wheat,wheat bran, meat meal, sunflower, oyster shells and grit. Corn is fed onthe ear. In addition teethe above theflock receives the table scraps andfresh water is supplied twice daily.With the above system of feedingten White Wyandotte pullets produced1,594 eggs from March 1, 1911, to February 29, 1912. The house (6 by 10)door is left open during the day andone of the two window openings iscovered with burlap. The cockerel'swattles were slightly frozen on thenight that the thermometer registered30 degrees below zero. It will be notedfrom the above that the birds averagednearly 1C0 eggs each per year with aminimum amount of labor in theircare.Caution For Automobiles.Many complaints have been madeconcerning the fast driving of automobiles, which is being so generally practiced within the city limits. I desireto call the attention of all owners anddrivers of motor cars to the city ordinance which prohibits driving fasterthan eight miles per hour on straightstreet and five miles per hour in turning corners.The police will be instructed tomrosecute all violators ot the ordinance.Take warning and act accordingly.J. T. HINION.Mayor.Matter of Duty.That which is called considering ourduty in a particular case, Is very oftennothing but endeavoring to explain Itaway.Tobacco Farmers, OpportunityVery productive and fertile Tobaccolands, free from stone, excellentwater, climatic and healty conditions;with finest automobile roads in theSouth. Near city of fifteen thousandpeople. An extra inducement to encourage tobacco raising. We will sellthese lands in tracts of eightv acresup, at from $12.00 to $20.00 per acre,payable ten per cent cash and tenyears on balance if necessary, withsix per cent interest on deferred payments. AddressNATCHES DISTRICT DEVELOPMENT LEAGUE, Natchez, Miss.(12jy-lm)THE FAIR!Great Values FridayTooth Picks, regular 5c boxes,2 boxes for 5c.Tanglefoot Fly Paper, 8 sheetsfor 5c.Japanese Rugs, 1 1-2 yardslong, each 19c.All linen 25c Window Shades,each 19c.Meat Dishes, 12 inches long,each 5c.Picture Moulding 2c a foot.Picture Frames, 8x10 glass,regular price 49c, reduced to 25ceach.Fruit and Ice Cream Dishes,each 2 l-2c.Coat Hangers 2 l-2c each.Fountain Syringes, $1 quality,at 69c.12-quart size Galvanized SlopPails, 39c.TI-IE TAIR.sI.Pffr?"-