THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND PRIDAY IN THE YEAR;;VOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1912I East Tcnn. Phone 288 Home Phone 130 1Where Quality Counts inSterling SilverWeight, Fineness, Durability,Finish.Our display of Sterling Silver is the largest,finest, and more complete than ever shown't in Paris. Goods of Quality only pleasingto the eye ornamental to the home practical for service.Prices the Very lowestWe Cordially Invite Your Inspection of Our Displayof Sterling Wares, Novelties and NewFall Styles in Jewelry.IThe House of QualitySHIRE & FITHIAN.JI Be Progressive $By Paying Cash For Groceries.iff After Reading These Prices, Consult tfjr( Your Last Bills and See Where You y)jf Can Save One-Third of Your Past$jfr Living Expenses. ::::::: M$ wff 17-lbs. Eastern Granulated Sugar $1.00 tyJJfc 8 Bars Lenox Soap 25c Mh 6 Bars Octagon Soap 25c A'ji 6 Bars Clean-Easy Soap 2oc JKJj Old Reliable Coffee, per lb 30c )W Silver Seal Coffee, per lb - 30c ?f Good bulk Coffee, Santo's, per lb 25c ftify Fancy Dried Peaches, per lbT.".- ?. r 12 l-2c jto Choice Dried Peaches, per lb 10c tft) Bulk Mince Meat, per lb 10c 5Ey Package Mince Meat per lb 8 l-3c vJ!w Navy Beans, per lb. 6e "US Kidney Beans, per lb 8c MMixed Beans, per lb 5c jCracked Homney , per lb . 3c jfs4i We Guarantee Weight and Quality. &S4 wm BLUE RiiSBON FLOUR . Sjff25-lb Sack SOc fm lOOlbSack $3.10 S9l T. C. LENIIUN, Ift Cash Grocery. wBoth Phones 234 W:&:GEI STARTEDWHILE TIEVOTE OFFER IS ONNow Is the Time to Jump to theFront Rank In the Great ContestIf You Have Been Thinking of Entering, Send In YourName Today, for Now is Reallythe Very Best Time in theWhole Contest to Get Started.The Young Ladies Living onthe Rural Routes, and in theSmaller Towns Especially, Havean Unusually Good Chance toWin a Hrize Under the BonusVote Offer, Your SubscriptionsWill Count Up Very Rapidly.Make Every Moment CountDuring the Next Few Daysand Gather In Every Auailable Subscription.VAlready the great bonus offer ofvotes has aioused the keenest enthusiasm among competitois and the effectwill be of material assistance to thosewho are on the hunt for subscribers,they vilJ be able to see at a glancehow much more valuable a subscription contracted for now will be to youand how it will be the means of improving your prospects of ultimate victory. BIG CHANCE IN COUNTRY DISTRICT. The contest manager cannot toostrongly impres on the prospective candidates living in the smaller townsand on the rural routes that they havean unusually fine chance to win one ofthe valuable prizes. There are twodistricts in the contest and one ofthose lies outside of the city of Paris.At the present time we have onlytwo or three contestants who have actually got started in that district. Asthere will be at least four prizesawarded to that district you can readily see what an excellent opportunityis offered to pick up a valuable prizevery easily.Under this big offer your votes willcount up very rapidly. A yearly subscription now counts for 21,800 votes,a two yenr subscription 44,500, etc.Why not get busy today? You can winone of those handsome prizes if youwill onlv try.STILL TIME TO ENTER.Any young ladv who is thinking ofentering the contest should send hername and address to the contest manager, at the News office at once. Itis not too late to enter the contest.In fact, we venture to predict thatsome or the winners nave not evenbeen nominated yet. It has been theexperience of the content managerthat, in many cases the candidates whostart two or three weeks after the contest has started, come out winners inthe end. We would especially like to(Continued on Page 5)r"WE KNOW HOW"wwwCLOTHESYou're GladTo WearClothes that look good when you buy themand look equally good after you've worn them.Clothes that are smart in style, out ftomworthy fabricsThat's What WeOffer YoueLarge assortment of Overcoats and RaincoatsFor Your Inspection.Stetson, Korrect Shape and Dr. Reed'sCushion Sole Shoes.tliiMitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to MenParis, Kentuckyk tBUB &V2M V2S '!!wK fpKtuiimiimmiiiiiiiiirjii iJiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiuMiiimiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiHIv22.5!9 -3 s3- $&-&: Sfe!5.SV.ft.i!l5.5aV.!.SK5 3&-3zsesmmmmmsmsWVfcVK3M'ct&i'mmmmGet What You Pay Fors&&VMZ$mSB?VTRAGOOT)Getting what youpay for, in style, fit,quality and satisfactiontha's a job that's notalways easy when youstart out to buy Boy'sClothes.Get Your Next Boy'sSuit HereLearn whatit means to patronize astore that sells satisfaction. You'll discover thatthere's no store that considers i t s customer'sprofit first, that gives allyou pay for.Boy's Suits, Ages3 to 7$5 to $10mWmmh'MS8&idtmtJ2ss&m&3&M-mmM!!?mnmPR16E &60. ciotnierl1,standi PurnSshersK.fi Y-5 S.t V-3t Mtl'Si JW XiV ..'3'V V VAi" .A 3r. 5I vMrT. vi'lis viVjL3r".s3w'4Mt" vSS -!-?Supplemental RegistrationTuesday and Wednesday.Car Strikes Hay Wagon.The Paris and Lexington interurbancar leaving Paris yesterday afternoonat 5:15 o'clock collided with a wagonloaded with hav at Station 51, a shortdistance from Paris. The'wagon wasstalled across the track and the motorman did not see the obstiuction beforeit was too late to bring the car to astoD. The front of the car, which wasin charge of Conductor Lawrence andMotorman Day, was demolished. Noone was injured.Avoid the Penalty.Thursday. October 31, is the last dayto pay your city taxes. Pay beforethat day and avoid the penalty.C. K. THOMAS,Collector.It Office at Deposit Bank.Supplemental Registration.Democrats who were out of the city,detained by illness or illness in theirfamilies.and who were prevented fromregistering on the regular registrationday will have the opportunity of doingso today or tomorrow.Yesterday's registration gave theDemocrats a good lead and all thosewho were prevented from registeringand having a legal excuse should availthemselves of the opportunity whichwill enable them to vote for the Democratic nominees for President at theelection November 5.Democrats do your duty bv yourselfand party and secure a registrationcertificate that you may not be denieda voice in the selection of a President.The county will return a good majority for the Democratic nominees "butevery vote is needed and every onewi'l count in the final result. Be "sureto reenter. 3s4&FRANK & CO SThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.7?rfra Qf1PfQ $:25 Suits Every $35 and $40JjXLjlcI O-zCCJctx Suit in our stock of regular sizeshas been reduced to $25 to meet the popular demand for aHigh-Grade Suit at $25.00No Extra Charge for AlterationSpecial Showingof " "Ladies' Blue Serge Tailored SuitsValues That Are Seldom Equaled j33And Never Excelledtoc'SS t. .2s H& im iPrices-9 15, $20, $25The Suits at Each of the Mentioned Prices Were Purchasedby us With the Idea of Giving Our Customers theVery Best Value For Their Money OurProfits Are Legitimate Only No FancyPrices, no Fancy Profit Come in -3and Examine These Suits IfYou Do Not Want a BlueWe Have Plenty of Other Colors and Materials hxFRANK & C..mlaiiinmiiiiiimin irLiriiirn)j;i;miiimmiiJiiiimiiimiiinm iiiiiiiiiuniinjxjJ-Li-LXLiiiiiinniiiniiirLiirinmiiiiimiiinii7rt am-!i:fliltiNNSe, )r-JOHN HAUCK'SCELEBRATEDDRAUGHT BEER& ALWAYS ON TAPAll Brands of Bottled in Bond Goods.Private stock Whiskies, 8-year-old, 1 1 OProof, $1 .OO per Quart.Bennie Weissbergr.Ladies and GentlemenYour Fall SsArc Here"IIThey are new, seasonable and reasonable. The assortment is made upof the best styles of the world's bestShoe makers. The scope is so broadand the size ranges so complete youwill find your size in any make youdesire.We have also a full line of Misses',Children's and Boys' School Shoes inGun Metal, Patents and Tans.IGEO. McWILLIAMS,Phones 301 The Shoe ManMMlaiOTBMaiMiiMMMJwwwiBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.West 5 StreetW Telephone No. 4.THE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished. 188 130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .$2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matt er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.DEMOCRATIC TICKET.For President,HON. VVOODROW WILSON,of New Jersey.For Vice-President,HON. THOS. R. MARSHALL,of Indiana.For Congress,HON. J. CAMPBELL CANTRILL,.of Scott county.Stop The Extortion.Governor Wilson's election will insure a Democratic House and in allprobability a Democratic Senate tocarry out of his policies of progressivereform and then there will be no further delpy in the people's demands.They will no longer be thwarted bythe vetoes of a President who is boundhand and foot to the interests on themost insignificant pretext. The tariffwill be reduced to the necessities of aneconomically administered governmentand high prices for food and clothingwill cease.(Ust(VsWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fov fine work and itdeyer goes brack on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatesRallying to Wilson.Boorbof Laundry,L f3?t!EC Hom3-aiIrr WwmmMfM teiiri! impf AsM&2g&&-rt Z'-lV..-. " f !;A r- CTM:--'-. 1ymmm $tf nF & lt u.izrr4F -I'm Pf-mwA firth 1ft h r$MK ..&--- 'V:'i ' :fJ rApi IssmDemocracy made a notable gain whenUnited States Senator .Works, of California, a few days ago declared forWilson and called on all his friends todo likewise. He has always been awheel-horse Republican, with his leaning recently for Progressiveness, andmight have supported Roosevelt butfor the fraudulent manner in whichhis electors in California were obtained, though he does not regard Roosevelt as a real Progressive, being animated more by ambition and malicethan a desire to secure Progeaaive legislation for the country. With Wilsonas the only real Progressive the onlycourse for honest Republicans, who areProrgessives. to oursue, is to vote forthe Democratic nominee. The WilsonNational Progressive League is daily receiving notable accessions. The number now exceed 50,000, and it has headquarters in all the large cities. Thewhole trend of the country is towardDemocratic principles and there seemsnothing so sure as that Wilson will beelected. He cannot fail to be if everyDemocrat does his duty.Democratic Program.To 'reduce first the tariff on the .necessities of life, put it higher on luxuries, repeal it on all articles so!dcheaper abroad than at home, with agradual reduction of the whole list toa revenue only basis is the program ofthe Democratic party as nromulated) at Baltimore. Such a program oughtto, and does, appeal to every man towhom theincreased price of food andclothing is an appealing fact. TheRepublican plan of forcing people topayfmore taxes than are necessary foran economically administered government is a crime whichjadmits of nojJefense sincethe tax on many articlesenables the trusts to put up prices andextort money from the people and pavline to toe suDDorc or the envprn.ment.The tariff is the paramount issue ofthe campaign and upon their promiseswith regard to it the Democrats areriding to certain victory. Tne interests have too long been monopolizingcontrol of the government. The oldand exploded claim of the Republicansthat the consumer does not pay thetariff taxes no longer fools sensiblepeople. Their pocketbooks have feltthe weight of the absurdity and theywill vote to change a svstem of taaxtion which breeds monopoly, encour-Almost Unanimous.After a pretty thorough canvass ofthe country by its own agents andthose of theother papers allied with itthe Cincinnati Enquirer finds that Taftwill carry but two states-Utah andVermont. Roosevelt is given threeIdaho, Michigan and Washington, andW'lson the rest after placing Connecticut, Delaware, Maine, Montana, NorthDakota, Oregon, Vermont and Wyoming in the doubtful list. This willgive Wilson 460 votes in the electoralcollege when only 267 is required toelect. The forecast is almost asbright as that of Ollie James, whosays he cannot figure that Wilson willlose a single state.Here is a woman who speaks frompersonal knowledge and long experience, viz., Mrs. P. H. Brogan, of Wilson, Pa., who savs, "I know from experience that Chamberlain's CoughRemedy is far superior to any other.For croup there is nothing that excelsit." For sale by all dealers.Trouble With Farmers Not Land.Judson C. Welliver. Washington correspondent of Farm and Fireside writesin the current issue of that periodicalan interesting account 'of the UnitedStates Bureau of S01I3. lie says inpart:: "Dr. Milton Whitney, chief of thesoils bureau, insists that proper culivation and rotation will make rundown soils produce again as well asever. 'The trouble is not with theland, but with the people farming it.and their methods,'sioutlv declares Dr.Whitney."The Bureau of Soils is trving tofind out all about the changes in soilsthat are wrought as a result of cultivation. It declares that the mineraland metal basis changes very, verylittle. The products of vegetable andanimal growth, on the other hand,change greatly and modify soil qualities very much. One will be useful andbenevolent, another vicious and harmful. "A certain soil, once producing excellent crops of wheat, had become'exhausted'. Cow peas ground veryfine were applied to It and it was foundthat they had restored the soil ; it produced a good crop, and did the thingthree times in succession : then the soillapsed back into its first condition ofnon-productivity."Why did the cow peas have thateffect? The Bureau took like proportions of potash, phosphoric acid andnitrates the plant-lood element ofcow peas and put them into the soil ;and it didn't produce the effect of restoring its fertility. The point seemedto be tnat these various plpmpntRmixed together and applied to theground, didn't hsve the genuine cowpea effect."Dr. Whitney in a recent addresscrave this exnlnnnHnn nf tha nnovatinnnwithin the soil of various acents introduced through rotation of crops. Heseems to have a conaideraple backingofgauthority and experience in favor ofhis theory that fertilization is, atleast, much less necessary, if scientificrotation is followed. His bureau 'rproblem is to develop the corrcet scientific rotation for various soils and climates. "NATURE'S ESSENCE. --Extracted From Forest Plants.Nature's laws are perfect, but disease follows if these laws are not obeyed.Go straight to nature for the cure, to the forest; there are mysteries here that wecan fathom for you. Take the bark of the wild-cherry tree, the root of mandrake,stone, Oregon grope root, queen's root, bloodroot and golden seai, make a scientific, non-alcoholic extract of them with just the right proportions and you haveBoctor Pierce's Golden BXedicai BiseoTcry,It took .r Pierce, with the assistance of two learned chemists, eight years ofhard work experimenting to make this pure glyceric extract and alterative of thsgreatest efficiency and without the use of a particle 01 alcohol.JUSl LUC UUIl -" j-km ..- . .. ..w.., .wi.li 1 -,,i ... tViof iac;itnrift nml fcehni? 01 nerve exhaustionL'lUUU, liiiU VUiw- k.-w .w -.-- 0 - - - - .Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery bears the stamp ofPublic Approval and has sold mere largely in the past fortyyears than any other blood purifier and stomach tonic."Some time agrnof- vf Vif trollhl:t ...M-nMf? 4-n tannini caimucu'-wu "-- -V -,, Y--T- , -vr ,, JZA1UUV, oviuiji lu UlV..Y1L0 I got out of hsnlth my stomach seemed to he thes." writc3 Mit. Ezka "Williams, of Belleville, Kans.- wJfVi nil th doctors at home as v;ell as -with-f.nr- cnociallRTS OH StOIUUCll ililU uiKrauu uitio."nv srocd in fact, most of the medicines did me harm. Finally, 1 wrotcsn T TT- L... -... tltiH - -Wtry nii mato Dr. Fierce, uutiaio, ss. i., who iiku, dmmuk, " - ,x ,..plaint with ind'eestion and constipation, and advised Dr. Pierce s Goldcat-j;.o1 "nic-fovprv nnd ' Pleasant Pellets.'"The 'Discovery' and 'Pellets, have pnfc me on my feet asain'ceemed to be just "what I needed. I could not have recovered without them..liaz:s,Dp. PSercs's Pleasant Pcltc's are for liver ills.'- rr k& B?"fA 1YxmsiJ LAI RIGHTU y) ( ffMMLZLMy, y gMINGLESNo dirt no bolher. and when oncelaid they make a thoroughly storm-proofand fire-proof roof, neither of which canbe claimed for the wood shingle.good wood shingle, and in some places they cost much less.Roofs put on 26 years ago aie as good as new today, and have never needed repairs.for Sale by Miller & Best, Millersburg, Ky.StsZmSb'SbTHE BESTShrpp's LinimentQuickly relieves rheumatism, neuralgia, backache, headache and otherpains. AJrewardJof $100 will be paidif it,failsa ndjithe purchase price is, notrefunded. Try it and see. 50 cents atall druggists.PUBLIC SALE,Saturday, November 2, 1 91 2,at two o'clock p. m., I will effer atpublic sale my residence on Pleasantstreet. House has reception hall, twolarge bed rooms, dining room, pantry,room for bath, kitchen, cellar, citywater in house, pump from cistern inkitchen, good cellar. Lot 108x59front, more or less, house freshlypainted, slate roof.TERMS One-half cash; balance in1 year at 6 per cent interest.MISS7ANNIE M. WKIGHT.George D. Speakes, Auctioneer.Notice to Creditorsu Agricultural Bank of Paris.Capital.$100,00.00Surplus$67,500.00Protection$267,500.00ages graf tand enables afew to growrich at the expense of the many. Theyknow that a vote for Wilson and thoDemocratic candidates for Congressassures the muchneeded change. rnfcBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.John T. Burgess Executors, etc.Plaintiffs.vs. Notice to Creditors.Williamsburg Institute, etc. -- Defendants.All persons having claims againstthe estate of John T. Burgess, deceased, are hereby notified to present thesame to the undersigned, nroven anrequired by law, on or before the 25thday of November, 1912.Also by express order of the court,all claims not so proven and presentedwill be barred.chas. a. McMillan,Master Commissioner Bourbon CircuitCourt.October 15, 1912.15 3 wksNo Clinkers. 1 per cent ash.Lots of Heat.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.(sQc:$(&969Cumberland Cclcpbonc and telegraph CoinpayINCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the Cumberland Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North Middletown, Little? Rock andRuddles Mills."When you have Cumberland service youHAVE telephone service.' 'Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporatedHot and ColdBATHSHot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits You are next.M. A. KAHAL.NEWBARBERNotice to Creditors-e- . --...- ,r .BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Jessie tf. Barton, etc. - Plaintiffs,vs. Notice to Creditors.Virgil Barton, etc. - Defendants.All persons having claims againstthe estate of the decedent, JoshuaBarton, are hereby notified to presentthe same to the undersigned, nrovenas required by law, on or before the25th day of November 1912.Notice'is further given that by express order of the court all claims notso proven and presented will be barredchas. a. McMillan.Master Commissioner BourbonfCircuitCourt. 4 tOctober 15, 1912. "" Z Vgtffaj&LDd WKSJjrZZSL? $& -:--"" -.Some Good AdviceTo the People.9 Don't sell your old feathers until you find out the prices, Youcan call us and we will look atyour feather, or if you live inthe counrry send us a sample. Iwill let you know what they areworth. Some old feathers if theyhave been well cared for are asgood as new. We pay marketprice for new feathers.MAX MUNICK,8th Street, JPARI3, KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 374SHOP!Windsor Hotel.jModern Equipment,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty. 'CARL CRAWFORDProfessional CardsJ J. WmLTAMS,ATTOKNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Bnildins:.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unionDr. Wm. KenneyrPARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones j jlResidence - T- 3-( Home 334.DR. A. H KELIiEK,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4j and 5, Elk's Bid g.Paris - K.entucicompanies. " tfTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCTOBER 29, 1912Master Commissioner's Sale-OF-Property !CityBOURBON CIKCUII COURT.Peposit Bank of Paris - - Plaintiff.vs. Notice of sale.V C. Hester. Mrs. Germany Burnettard her husband, E. F. BurnettDefendants.Under and by virtue of a judgmentof the Bourbon Circuit Court 'renderedin the above styled action at the June1912 term the undersigned MasterCommissioner will sell at public auction to the highest and gbest bidder atbe court house door in the city ofParis, Ky., at about the hour of 11 a.m., onMonday, November 4, 1912,the following described property:A certain lot situated on the cornerrf Nineteenth street and Brent street,n the city of Paris, .y., and designated on the plat of the Fair GroundsAddition to the city of Paris as LotNo. 23, and more fully described as folijwe: Fronting on Brent 'street 55feet and is 71 feetjn'reaalong Louisville and Nashville Railroad, and northof said lot is 121.5 feet, south line is120 feet being the property conveyedto Mrs. Burnett by Brenr.an &c. bydeed of record in the office of the Clerkot fie Bourbon County Court, deedoo 97, page 4, to which reference ism e.iid sole bcine made to satisfy ai anient of the Deposit Bank againstV C. Hester &c , for $1,225 with int at 6 per c.nt per annum fromA S, 1911 until paid and also the sumof m".4u insurance paid by plaintiffard the costs of this action amountingto S95.Said sale will be made upon a creditof ix and twelve months for equalpsits of tlie"puichase monev, the purcuer being required to execute bondlor equal installments of the purchasei rice with good surety to be approvedI v the Master Commissioner, payableto said Commissioner, beariing interest at the rate of 6 per cent, per annum from date of sale until naid andto remain a lien upon the property until fully paid and to have the force andeffect of a judgment.c a. McMillan,Master Commissioner of Bourbon Circuit Court.15 22 29Pod 6 mm-OF-i.Stock, Crop, Etc.On Thursday, Nov. 7, 1912,I will srll at public auction at theWalker Muir farm, five miles fromParis on the Clintonville pike, at teno'clock, the following described property :About eleven hundred shocks olcorn,4 brood sows to pig January10 tons of oats,1 stack of hav,2 sows and pigs,8 shoats,1 pair mules,1 extra goodbuggy mare, six yearsold,1 two year old gelding by J. W.Broke.1 yearling filly by E. P. W.f1 weanling colt by E. P. W..1 weanling filly bv l.ythmic,1 brood mare, 9years old, in foal tojack,1 sorrel gelding two jears old, byE. P. W..1 three year old' gelding by PatWashington, extra good looker,1 four year old gelding by J. W.,1 gelding. 7 years old, a goci driver,by Wiggins,2 cows and'calves, one cow will befreshDecember 1, good milker, onecow will be freah January 1,2 yearling steers,All kinds of farming tools, consisting of two good farm wagons andframes, three wakling and one ridingcultivator,2 McCormick mowers,1 McCormick bull rake,1 sulky rake,1 cutting harrow,1 Black Hawk corn planter,1 horse clipping machine,1 steel tire buggv.1 rubber tire bugy. good as new,1 set brake harness,1 set buggy harness,lsolid comfort breaking plow,3 lard kettles,1 hoc trough,2 sets wagon gear,4"sets of nlow gear.All household furniture, also chickens and turkeys.WALKER NELSON.It James McDonald, Auctioneer.The Danger After Griplies often in a run down system.Weakness, nervousness, lack ot appetite, energy and ambition, with disordered ilver and kidneys follow an attack of this wretched disease. Thegreatest need then is Electric Bitters,the glorious tonic, blood Durifier andregulator of stomach, liver and kid-nevs. Thousands have Drovnri thatthey wonderfully strengthen the!nerves, build up the system and restoreto health and good spirits after an attack of grip. If suffering try them.Only 50 cents. Sold and neriect satisfaction guarantei by Oberdorfer.ER AHEAD!A FAC pep Fill!!U GGDt. $isooo to $100,000W. KING & SON,125 Cheapside, Lexington, Ky.lmWinter Schedule interurhan Divisions,in Effect October I, iS!2.All cars run week days and Sundaysexcept those marked with an asterisk() , which run only on week days.Lve. Lexingtonfor Paris.?G.OO a m7.20 a mS.Q0 a m8.50 a m10.20 a m11.50 a m1.20 p m2.50 p m3.30 p m4.20 p m5.00 p m6.00 p m7.20 p m9.10 p m11.00 p mFor Elmendorf5.20 p mLve. LexingtonFor Georgetown6.35 a m7.50 a m9.05 a m10.20 a m11.35 a m12.50 p m2.03 p m3.20 p m4.35 p m?5.10 p m6.00 p m7.05 p m9.10 p m11.00 p mLve. ParisFor Lexington,Versaillesand Frankfort.6.45 a m8.15 a m0.45 a m11.15 a m.12.45 p m2.15 p m3.45 p m5.15 p m6.45 p m8.15 p m10.45 p mFor Lexington7.30 a m9.00 a m6.00 p mFor Lexingtonand Versailles.4.30 p mLve. VersaillesFor Lexingtonand Paris.6.35 a m7.15 a m8.059.3511.0512.352.053.355.056.358.0510.05For Lexingtoni and Elmendorf4.40 p mFor Lexington.6.15 p m11.25 p mLve. Nicholasvllle1 or Lexingtonand Georgetown.6.00 a mLve. Lexingtonfor Versaillesand Frankfort.6.10 a m7.00 a m7.40 a my.iu aaPPPmmmmmmmmp mp m10.4012.101.403.104.00 p m4.40 p m6.10 p m7.40 p m9.10 p m11.00 p mFor Versailles5.30 p mLve. LexingtonFor Nicholasville6.40 a m7.55 a m9.10 a m10.25 a m11.40 a m12.55 p m2.10 p m3.25 p m4.40 p m6.00 p m7.10 p m9.10 p m11.00 p mLve. FrankfortFor Versailles,Lexingtonand Paris.6.00 a mG.40 a m7.30 a m9.00 a m10.30 a m12.00 a m1.30 p m3.00 p m4.30 p m6.00 p m7.30 p m9.30 p mFor Duncan5.15 p mFor Versaillesand Leyington.10.50 p mFor Versailles,Lexington andElmendorf4.00 p mLve. VersaillesFor Frankfort6.55 a m7.45 a m8.25 a m9.55 a m11.25 a m12.55 p m2.25 p m3.55 p m4.40 p m5.25 p m6.55 p m8.25 p m9.55 p m11.45 p mDuncan toFrankfort.5.32 p. mWhy We Are Right-Handed.One of the professors at a wellknown agricultural college has figuredIt out that if you arc left-handed it isa sign that your ancestors were notgood fighters."Most persons are right-handed,"says he. "Only one in every twentyis left-handed. Why are people righthanded? They may have been bornthat way, it is true; but why?"Away back in the beginning thechief occupation of man was fighting.In battle he carried a shield in onehand and a weapon in the other. Itwas not much work to carry the shield,but the quick action required by thehand and arm which did the fightingsoon developed that arm. It also developed the nerves and the half of thebrain that governed the right side ofthe body. Those who shielded theirleft side thus protecting the heartwere the ones who usually came outvictorious. Down through the agesthis selection continued, tho righthand gradually becoming more proficient"7.158.309.4511.0012.151.302.454.005.156.30 p m8.3o p m10.25 p mmmmmmmmmmLve. GeorgetownFor Lexingtonand Nicholasville.6.00 a m7.15 a mS.30 a m9.45 a m11.00 a m12.15 p m1.30 p m2.45 p m4.00 p m5.15 p m6.30 p m8.30 p m10.20 p mFor Lexington.-"5.50 p mSCHEDULE OF THE PARIS CITYCAR IN EFFECT OCT. 1, 1912.SLeaveCourt House.6:40 a. m.7:15 a. m.9:45 a. m.8:15 a. m.8:45 a. m.9:15 a. m.9:45 a. m.10:15 a. m.10:45 a. m.11:15 a. m.a. m.p. m.p. m.p. m.11:4512:051:151:452:153:454:154:455:15p. m.p. m.p. m.p. m.p. m.p. m.r. m.ro&?& LeaveStation No. 54.7:00 a. m.7:30 a. m.8:00 a. m.8:30 a. m.9:00 a. m.f 9:30 a. m.10:00 a. m.10:30 a. m.11:00 a. m.11:30 a. m.12:00 noon.12:20 p. m.1:30 p. m.2:00 p. m.2:30 p. m.3:00 p. m.3:30 p. m.4:00 p. m.4:30 p. m.5:00 p. m.5:30 p. m.6:15 p. m.Republican Circular WarningHsiirnafi Mfn s Fa nanaFalse Alarm. .EASY TO MAKE FIGURES LIEOld Trick of Setting Red Lights on aClear Track Facts Presented SoRailroad Men May Judge.The Republican national committeeIs distributing circulars among railroadmen predicting a panic and hard timesin the event of Democratic victory.Among their statements intended tomislead railroad men is this:RAILROAD MEN,STOP! LOOK! LISTEN!LEST YOU FORGET$71,33S,S79.Big sum of money, isn't it?Nevertheless it's exactly that muchmore paid to the railroad employeesof tho United States under the administration of President Taft in 1910 thanwas paid in 1907, the year before Mr.Taft became president.This is a sample of the old time Republican habit of claiming credit forall natural progress credit even forgood crops.It is true that in 1910 the -wages ofrailroad employees amounted to some$71,000,000 more than in 1907.But that represented three years'progress.In 190G the amount paid to railroademnlovees was S900.S01.G53. In 1907it was $1,072,3SG,427. This was an increase of 171,5S4.774 in a single yearpreceding the Taft administration,amounting to more than double the increase during three years of the Taftadministration.Isn't it obvious that they are presuming you won't have the statisticsat hand to inform yourself and thattherefore they will fool you into believing that tho Taft administrationmade railroad men's prosperity?Then stop, look, listen again 1In four years preceding Taft's ad' ministration 1,193 miles of railroadwere sold under foreclosure. Thestocks and bonds of these roadsamounted to $47,031,000.Under three years of the Taft administration 5,115 miles were foreclosed, involving $384,434,5G2.The Tariff Humbug Again.A still more palpable presumption byRepublicans that railroad men arefools is the following statement intheir circular:Tho total number of railway employees in 1E95 was 785,034.The total number of railway employees in 1911 was 1,699,809.Under Republican administration thonumber of railway employees has increased from 7S5.034 during a Democratic administration to 1.699.S09, an increase of 944,775, nearly 1,000,000 men.Do you want a Democratic presidentand return to conditions and numberof employees of 1S95?The Taft people take 1S95 becausethe last Democratic low tariff bill,known as the Wilson bill, went intoforce in 1S94, and they would like tohave railroad men believe that a Democratic tariff revision made the hardtimes.What the Facts Prove.Now, what are the facts?The "hard times'' began back in1890, right after the Republican hightariff, known as the McKinley tariff,went into effect Grover Cleveland,the last Democratic president, waselected in 1892. The panic came on in1893, not as a result of Cleveland'selection, but as a result of conditionsthat had been growing steadily worseunder Republican rule. The panic wasover before the Democratic tariff billwas passed in 1894, and after thatprosperity began to return.Now let us make a fair comparisonof these railroad figures.In 1893, under the Republican hightariff, and with the panic on, therewere 873,602 railroad men employed,or 515 per 100 miles.In 1894, part high tariff and part lowtariff, the number fell to 779,608, or444 for 100 miles decrease 71 per 100miles.From this year on, so long as theDemocratic administration was in power, conditions improved steadily.In 1895 the total number of railroadmen at work was increased to 7S5.034.In 189G it was 826,620.In 1897 McKinley came into the presidency, and the Republicans set aboutto "redeem the country" with hightariff. AND IN 1897 THE TOTALNUMBER OF RAILROAD EMPLOYEES FELL OFF TO 823,476.Republican Panic of 1907.Then in the fall of 1907 there wasanother panic under the Roosevelt administration and under a Republicanhigh tariff. Were the railroad menprotected from loss of jobs? Scarcely! The next year, 1908, the numberof railroad employees fell off by235,799, a decrease of 112 per 100miles against 71 per 100 miles in 1S94,the year when the results of the panicof 1S93 were felt most severely.So what is the use of trying to makefools of railroad men or of any otherAmericans by distorting figures? Thetruth is that these fluctuations werenot due to high tariff or low tariff.Ifli I- 1 WilliRE 0 mL M Up .R 1 JKM&. St&8?l h"likll immw in I5 UNION HI 1S vli s!5SMade Il mWMw 111 I"- S:2 m JLnir fHna Egtv.a ncas ygi'yz "' HWe AUso DoDYE9J" CLEANING.PRESSING,REPAIRING.Best: WorkGuars rfifceedlisinfi!2mahubSIriii1Hsi af&&r ". JWVwi'os.MX' '-"I&'n, t t..aiE2;,i.ii.w..jiLr.." tjj.i.,j;rcittnjn:3rijnBaHITSvianxuEjiEJninrainSISaaEMUuinUfaBISDJHnin52!3amNaiMiew Loai yarciHave opened a Coal Yard at the DowStand on North Main Street.Rich Mountain Coallentneky Jem CoalLast longer and furnishes a greater amountof heat than other coals,58 1Opp. Hotel Windsor Dow Building E. T. PhoneJteaaPUBLIC SALEOFStock, Crop, Farmin:Implements, Etc.7 1Sick headache is caused by'a disordered stomach. Take Chamberlain'sTablets and correct that and the headaches will disappear. , For sale by alldealers.New Street Car Schedule.SCHEDULE OF THE PARTS CITYCAR IN EFFECT OCT. 1, 1912.LeaveStation No 55LeaveCourt House6:45 a. m.7:13 a. in.7:4o a. m.8:15 a. m.8:45 a. m.9:15 a. m.9:45 a. m.10:15 a. m.10:45 a. m.11:15 a. m.11:45 a. m.12:05 p. m.1:15 p. m.1:45 p. m.2:15 p. m.2:45 p. m.3:15 p. m.3:45 p. m.4:15 p. m.4:45 p. m.5:15 p. m.6:00 p. m.7:C07:308:008:309:009:3010.0010:3011:0011:3011:5512:201:302:002:303:003:304:004:305:005:306:15a. m.a. m.a. m,a. m.a. m.a. m.a. m.a. ra.a. m.a. m.a. m.p. m.p. m.p. m.p. m.p. m.p. m.p.m.p. m.p.m.p. m.p. m.Having rented my farm I will, at teno'clocka .m., onWEDNESDAY, OCT. 30, 1912offer at public sale on the premises,on the Cynthiana pike, about three and' one-half miles from Paris, the following stock, croD and implements:About 200 young breeding ewes,bred October 1 ;2 milch cows ;3 spayed yearling heifers and twosteer calves;1 nice chestnut filly, 3 years old, byForest Uenmark 153;1 nice bay filly, 3 years old, by German coach stallion;1 bay colt, 2 years old, by My Star;1 bay filly 3 years old, by Sir Dixon ;1 thoroughbred driving mare;About 60 acres of corn in shocks.If purchaser desires, will furnishwithout charge about 70 acres of grassto feed on until March 1. 1913;1 manure spreaders 1 seed drill ;1 2 horse power with circular sawand pumping attachment ;1 McCormick binder: 1 cultivator; 1mower ;1 dump cart; 1 hay baler; 1 cuttingbox ;1 potato digger; 1 potato planter.TERMS All amounts of $20 or less,cash ; above this amount, 6 monthscredit,with negotiable note, bearing6 per cent interest per annum.E. F. CLAY.Geo. D.'Speakes Auctioneer.27 4 11 18 22 25 29.Special RatesLow Round Trip Homeseekers TicketsTo points in Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi, Arizona, Arkansas,Missouri, 2sew Mexico, Oklahoma,Texas and Kansas on sale first and.third Tuesday of each month, returnlimit 25 days from date of sale.Round trip Winter Tourist iickets toall principal winter resorts in theSouth on sale Oct. 15th to April 30th,1913, final return limit May 3lst, 1913.For further information, apply toW. H. HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, T. A.44Roxie" Davis !ZU Tn$uran JfsentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137?mFffiNDERicae3&-Youft '& 'ALrG3?ZzrS&'"- i fllS -szsz---- AntomoiiilGS ErMiF ! I l'WxDo Modefc JL 5SU &B &-o& $iaillLC U$x&iL Uow,:'&. J8-1CiSISL lf"Xvi-1-aeap3$fcJi.l i i " - t 1 tti T !-ni-tJ'V J! i.jir.ir ILIT-I llj' I4c"i. - J "&-' 4 i 2; f& -1 j s.At - I ' s 7s&&' ? VThe program of the new party legal-1izes monopolies and systematicallysubordinates "vorkingmen to thm and ,to plans made by the government bothwith regard to employment and with"regard to labor. Woodrow Wilson.-fcC-- s-" Flanders "20" Roadster, J;750Don't be alanr.ed u soircWy te'.s you you can br.y an autcmebibfor less money than ths $75.0 fetudebaker-Flanders "20." You can, butyou better not. The Flancer:. "20" corresponds point by point vitli thebest and highest priced cars sold. Cheaper cars at every vital point arebuilt on ideas long ao discarded for good cars. Don't tahe cur word forit. Make comparisons and see.The Studebalrer-Flanders "20" is a roarr.! a hih grade modem carat a low price. If ycu pay less ycu buy much less. And the cheaper cartoday will cost you far mere in the'leng run. The competing car isn'tsold which the Studebaker Corporation, the greatest automobile manufacturers in the world, couldn't reproduce for less money; but we won'tbuild a cheap car, because the name "Siudebaker" means the best foryour money. vIf 3-0U are content with a car that runs today and dies tomorrow,don't buy the $750 Flanders "20." It will wear for years. Rememberthis the Studebaker-Flanders "2C" will outwear 2 to 1 any other carunder $1100 and give yo.i double satisuxtlcn, confidence and comfortinto the bargain.Wc ccti preve iw -Tz-tc fcr ncza cztzlagzicTt?G S?rVboJrrr Corporation-gonrbon Garage & Supply Ctmpin.C)W228&&&"z- ,-u6:0U p. m..--iijto.s?-A5rf-i-- 2tikTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCTOBER 29, 1912rThe World's Greatest Musical SuccessA French Vaudeville inm-TS-Piritf Arl"Q Staged by Otto Haucrbach3 I SI rlLlS Music by Karl Roschna-MADAME SHPresented in Precisely fche Same Manner as at the New Amsterdam Theatre, New YorkCKfry For One E-ntire Ytnrirtiperb Cast and Stunning ChorusThe Music Which Has Enthralled the World, Including "Every Little Movement lias a Meaning All Its Own."oo$ $ 4440tCe-ee04Oirect from MacauSey's, Louisville and the Same Show That Plays Lexington.ifPRIOAY NIGHT, NOVion 35cSupplemental RegistrationTuesday and Wednesday.A GOODSPECULATION!Wealth is conserved not niadethru absolute safe investments. Themaking of wealth, the investing forprofit, involves a certain element ofspeculation, either in manufacturing,merchandising, or finance. Successin each instance depends upon thejudgment exercised in making theinvestment.At this time we believe there aregood speculative possibilities in thestock ofThe Columbus Gasand Electric Co.It's a low priced stock, now sellingbelow its book value. Control hasjust passed to very strong banking!firms who know its affairs and believein its future. Earnings are increasing,operating costs reduced, and a substantial increase in price of stock willprobably follow.Other low-priced stocks that shouldhave consideration for their futurevalues are United States LithographCo. (preierred) , The Kentucky securities Co. (preferred), The Indian Refining Co. (preferred), Missouri Pacific By. , Erie R. R.We advise you writing us at oncefcr complete and authoritive information. HUTfQKlclNCINNATli l a, Co tNEW YORKESTABLISHED 1 S a 6'MEMBER8 CINCINNATI AND HEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGESCHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE AND H. Y. COTTON EXCHANGEAppointed Game Warden.Mr. James A. Gibson, of North Middletown, yesetrday received from J.Quincy Ward, Executive Agent for theKentucky Game and Fish Commission,his commission as game warden ofBourbon county. The appointment isthe result of his interest shown in thepreservation of the came laws of theState and above several applicants forthe position.Mr. Gibson, who for the past threeyears has held the popition of Marshalin North Middletown. is well known asa fearless and impartial officer andwill beyond a doubt make the Kentucky Fish and Game Commission oneof their most efficient officials.The appointment carried with it theauthority to arrest anyone for a violation or the game laws and to rigidlyenforce the laws recently passed bythe last session of the Legislature requiring all hunters to carry unon theirperson a license to hunt. The newlyappointed game warden yesterday secured from County Clerk Pearce Patona list of those who have secured license in this county.Mr. Gibson also has the right to arrest anyone for trespassing if the landupon whicn they are committing theoffense is posted, and the letter of instruction from Agent Ward gives fullinstructions regarding the huntingseason. At the present time it is unlawful to kill squirre's or rabbits witha gun, although they can be huntedwith dogs.Mr. Gfbson is one of the best knownmen in the county, and having a thorough knowledge of the game laws ofte State will enforce them withoutfear or favor.AMUSEMENTS.Police Court.In Police Court yesterday the caseof .las. Fields, colored, charged withdetaining a woman against her willwas continued until this afternoon at 3o'clock. The cases of Henrietta Pierson and Walter Harris, charged withdisorderly conduct were also continueduntil this afternoon.MADAME SHERKY AT THEGRAND."The Danger Dance" is the latestterpsichorean musical comedy situation. The dance is u feature of "Madame Sherry" and is said to be a logicalissue of one of the musical comedysituations. Danced by a young manand a young woman of the cast, it isdescribed as a novelty where the maledancer is always on the gro'und and hisfair partner mostly in the air, whitherhe swings, pulls and tosses her as hemight a gay colored scarf. The youngwoman who figures as the human fabric is said to wear a specially devisedsteel corset to protect her ribs fromcracking in the clinches. "MadameSherry" will be presented here at theParis Grand. Friday evening, November 1.? "PUTTING IT OVER" COMING.One of the best plays of the season,"Putting it Over," will be the attraction at the Paris Grand on Saturday,November 9.COLUMBIA.Followng is the program for the Columbia Theatre todav : "Her Ambition." "All On Account ot a Widow"and "The Widow's Claim."ALAMO."Following is today's program at theAlamo: "Little Artist of Market."an Edison drama from the New YorkSunday Times; "Missing Finger," aLubin drama "The Understudy," anEssanay drama.to $1.50M- i i mi i t r n miwniMaifiiii iiiwimin Mir i i iimm til t i mil n kii n im iiimiHI II i'' I III frrBll1TlHn HITWIII'lilll liIHnBMftT'B M MiW f " " mi UmiiiJi Hum m . m r - --Business Handled Here.Tfce offices of the Western UnionTelegraph Co. in Carlisle and Miliersburg have been discontinued and thebusiness transferred to the offices ofthe Cumberland Telephone Companyin both places. The business of thecompany is handled through the Western Union office in this city, after being transmitted from Millersburg andCarlisle over the telephone. Thechange will necessitate an increase inthe force at the local office and Manager McDermott will probably secure acounter clerk.TAX NOTICE.Tax payers of the City ofParis are hereby notified thatthe 1 0 per cent, penalty goeson all taxes not paid beforeNovember 1, 1912.C K. THOMAS,Collector.Office at Deposit Bank.BIRTHS.Farmer Commits Suicide.Wm. Morton, a farmer of Clarkcounty, committed suicide Friday bvshooting himself through the headwith a pistol. He secured the weaponshortly before dinner, tellir.g his wifehe was going to kill a rabbit which hehad found setting near the barn.Hearing the shot seeral minutes latershe paid no attention to it until aboutan hour afterwarvd when she becamealarmed and went to the rear of thestable where she found Morton's lifeless body. No cause i3 given for theact. Besides his wife six children survive.Victory for "Drys."The contested case between the"wets" and "drys" cf Georgetownwhich has been hanging fire in thecourts for the past year, has beer, decided by Circuit Judge Stout in favcrof the latter on a technicality. Th-CountytSheriff had failed to nost thenotices of election until the last r.sment, the "wets" contending that ithad been done in time, and even if zhad not this would not have annulledthe result.Special Prices on Rugs. j"We offer the following special priceson rugs this week: jSpecial 9x12 Axminister rugs, only ,$16.50. ISpecial 9 by 12 Brnssell rugs, only$12.75.These are certainly bargains,spfc 17-tf A. Jf. WHEELER & CO.Immense Line of Wall Paper.Call at my store and pick from thelarge new stock of wall paper justwhat you need and have it put cryour walla. Experienced decoratorsare ready to do your bidding.J.T.HINTON.Fresh Oysters.Fresh oysters received daily. Nice,fresh fat stock and no water. -&29 2t T. LENIHAN. gOatequal and Alcorn.We have just received a fresh car ofOatequal and Alcorn. Finest feed forhorses and cows. Try some.25 4t YEKKES & PRICHARD.Born, yesterday to the wife of Mr.F. A. Harlow, who resides on theBethlehem pike, a son Wm. Payne.Paris Defeats Cynthiana Team.The football team of the Paris HighSchool defeated the team of the Cyrgthiana High School Friday afternocnin the latter city by a score of 19 to17. In the first half of the game theCynthiana boys had the better of theargument and were leading by a scoreof 17 to 6 and it looked as though theHarrison boys would carry off the day.However Paris gained steadily in thelast half, making two touchdowns inj the last quarter, and overcoming thei strong lead. Thompson and Adairstarred for Pans, the former makingtwo touchdowns and the latter one.An enthusiastic crowd of rooters accompanied the lecal boys to Cynthiana.Good Price For Tobacco.In the past few days tobacco buyershave assumed sudden activities andwhile it is reported that many offershave been made, growers are inclinedto hold for better prices and only afew sales have been made. The bestsale of the season was made a fewdays ago when Jack Howard, of nearKiserton, sold his tobacco from twelveacres at 13 cents all round. The salewas made to Bush BishoD.Will Observe Arbor Day.Miss Mabel Robbins, superintendentof schools of Bourbon county, is directing the attention of the teachers ofthe rural schools in Bourbon to the Arbor Day proclamation issued by Governor James B. McCreary. designatingNovember 13 as Arbor Day. It is thespecial desire of the superintendentthat all of the rural schools observethe day by planting trees in the schoolyards.Officers Installed.The tenth annual session of the Kentucky GrandChapter, Order of Eastern Star, was concluded at Hopkr.:--villeFriday afternoon, and Lexirgtcnwas chosen as the place of the 1AZmeetine. The new officers were installed and the President Mrs. Arna0. Young of Ashland, announced t':efollowing appointments : Grand Adah,Mrs. L." H. Lyon, Pulaski; GrandRuth. Mrs. Naomi Horn, ScottsviIIo;Grand Esther, Mrs. Neva G. Plner,Russellville; Grand Martha. Mrs. ftfaryL. Coffman, Montanzos; Grand E'cctra, Mrs. Vesta DuDre. Louisu'Ha;'Grand Warden, Mrs. Linda Beaton.Broadhead ; Grand Sentinel, Mrs. C. J.Sutton, Flen ingaburg ; Grand Chaoain, Miss En-ma Mitchell, Louisville;Grand Maishal Mrs. Edna Eaton. Ash.land; Grard Organist, Mrs. Na.mtWilliams, Pleasant Grove.Arriving Daily.New Fall Footwear arriving dailv at10 t EELD'S SKOES'lCEE.fire, wind and lightning Insurance. Thomas & Woodford.Kneamsagc.Think it Over8Other Mr. Taft or Mr. Wilson Will be Elected PresidentIn Kentucky, the Progressive Party will fall far shortof securing the required number of votes to qualify it as apolitical party within the provisions of our election laws.This is indicated clearly by4their insignificant registration,and by the reports received by the ..Committee, of conditions throughout the State.Since the middle of September the DRIFT HAS BEENSTEADILY TOWARD THE RE-ELECTION OP MR.TAFT and is INCREASING IN FORCE as the electiondraws near.The reason for this is apparent to anyone giving thematter a moment's consideration. CONTINUOUS EMPLOYMENT IS AT HAND for all those who desire tofind it and REMUNERATIVE PRICES REWARD THEPRODUCERS. THIS MEANS COMFORT FOR THEPEOPLE GENERALLY and accounts also for the absenceof political excitement.THE VIOLATION OF THE MOST SACRED TRADITION OF THE REPUBLIC; opposition to a THIRDTERM as President for any man, and the ECONOMICALTHEORIES and VITAL CONSTITUTIONAL CHANGESinvolved in the candidacy of Mr. Roosevelt, are issues ofextreme importance, but the fact that HIS DEFEAT ISCONCEDED BY ALL. except his most ardent supporters,has to a large extent eliminated them from consideration.THE RACE BEING BETWEEN THE REPUBLICANAND DEMOCRATIC CANDIDATES; our confidence thatthe good judgment of the people will lead them to REELECT MR. TAFT is based upon the record; THE REPUBLICAN PARTY BELIEVES IN, AND WILL ADHERE TO THE PROTECTIVE TARIFF SYSTEM.THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY BELIEVES IN TARIFF FOR REVENUE ONLY, which means FREE TRADEand, if placed in power, will, if true to their platform declaration, seek at once to wipe out and DESTROY ALLELEMENTS OF PROTECTION in our tariff laws. Theirplatform declarations of 1892 and 1912 on this questionare identical and in both, a PROTECTIVE TARIFF IS DE.NOUNCED AS UNCONSTITUTIONAL.In 1892 the Democratic Party was successful uponthis issue and they tried their hand on the tariff and theresult is well remembered. DISTRESS, MISERY, WANTAND ACTUAL STARVATION WERE GENERALTHROUGHOUT THE LAND, and continued until theelection of McKinley and the restoration of the Republican Party to control. Th?y, of course, try to explain andabsolve themselves of responsibility for the result, butthey cannot deny actual conditions as they existed duringtheir complete control of the executive and legislativebranches of our government.NOW THE COUNTRY PROSPERS. Business prostration in any line exists nowhere within its borders. Theaffairs of the government have been economically and efficiently 'administered. THE GOVERNMENT'S CONTROL OF TRUSTS HAS BEEN STRENGTHENED. Asurplus remains in the treasury after the payment of allexpenses. The trade of the country is larger than at anyother period in its history.A Republican administration, with Mr. Taft at itshead, has been and is now in charge. WE KNOW WHATWE HAVE IN 1912. WE KNOW WHAT WE GOT AS ARESULT of 1892.Under the one PROSPERITY and PLENTY, underthe other DISASTER and DISTRESS.THE ONLY SAFE COURSE LIES IN HOLDING ONTO THAT WHICH IS GOOD. DANGER LURKS IN ACHANGE. No risk except in a change. Then why takeit? A VOTE FOR ROOSEVELT IS WORSE THANWASTED; it is a vote to take the risk.So, MR, VOTER, whatever may beTHINK IT OVER, while you yet haveYOUR VOTE SQUARE WITH YOUR JUDGMENT.REPUBLICAN STATE CAMPAIGN COMMITTEE.W. D. Cochran, Chairman.Alvis S. Bennett, Secretary.your occupation,time, and LETRoosevelt Delegate For Taf tLetter of Wm. Heyburn, President Belknap Hardware & Man'f'g. Co., and Roosevelt Delegate from Louisville to the Republican National Convention.' 'Louisville, Ky., October 25, 1912,"Mr. Chas. L. Scholl, Louisville, Ky."My Dear Sir:'Referring to your question as to whatcandidate I have decided to votejfor for President, at theNovember election, I would say that I am going to votefor Messrs. Taft and Sherman, whom I regard as the regular nominees of the Republican party.' 'I attended the Chicago Convention as a Rooseveltdelegate, but from my observation and experience there,I considered it was fortunate for the country and for theRepublican party as well, that Mr. Roosevelt was not nominated. I became convinced that Mr. Roosevelt's candidacy was the result of personal ambition and not for thepurpose of furthering any particular policies or principles.I believe that with Mr. Roosevelt's co-operation it waspossible for the Progressive element of the RepublicanParty to have nominated Governor Hadley or SenatorCummins, to have made any change iu the platform thatmight have been desirable, to have revised the rules so asto eliminate the authority of the National Committee,whereever such authority as they had might be abused,and more important than all, to preserve the integrity andusefulness of the Republican Party."Mr. Roosevelt's followers, by reason of their passionately stormy methods, used where no principles couldpossiby be involved with the same vehemence as whereprinciples might be involved, destroyed my confidence intheir level-headedness and good judgment. I was wellprepared by what I saw at Chicago, for the lack of thesense of proportion that led to the action of the Rooseveltsupporters in undertaking to establish the ProgressiveParty."As for myself, I can see no hope of accomplishingprogressive measures by this procedure, and grave dangerof weakening the influence of the Republican Party forgood along many lines."The Republican platform relative to tariff policiesappeals to me with peculiar force. I have had the advantage of knowing something about the working effect oftariff schedules and tariff policies on business, and, without feeling intolerant of the opinion of other men, am satisfied that the Republican policy of protection is for thegeneral interest as well as general prosperity. I believethat if Mr. Wilson is elected President, he will probablycall an extra session of Congress, to revise the tariff, andimmediately business will stagnate. The demand for theproducts of the farm and factory will drop off, and thenecessary accompaniment to this will be a falling market.If the tariff schedules are so made as to threaten American pioducers with serious competition from abroad,where the price of labor is so much lower than here, thecondition of stagnation will be permanent, or until thepolicy is changed. If the change made by such a specialsession is not such as to bring the American consumer into competition with the foreign producer, I can see nologic in changing the tariff, hence the program of theDemocratic Party becomes a futile one."No one .who is thoughtful can doubt that ifjthe Democratic Party is elected to power by a large majority, asson?m SPJ ll Wl11 be lt win be a verv radical free trade,or Tariff for revenue only' party. No honeyed pre-electionphrases of Mr. Wilson, delivered in Pittsburg toplacate the voters in the district, where protection sentiment is supposed to be extensive, will change this fact,lnose who vote for Mr. Wilson should do it with the fullknowledge of what it means, and should not vote for himunless they believe in the tariff for revenue only, which isthe real meaning of the Democratic platform and the realintention of the Democratic Party. Those who believe ina protective tariff policy and expect to make their vote effective, should, in my opinion, stay with the Republican.Party, whether in their opinion it is managed in everydetail to suit them or not."Yours very truly,ady "WILLIAM HEYBURN."InTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCTOBER 29, 1912.m BOURBON NEWS.PERSONAL MENTION.MATRIMONIAL.RELIGIOUS.ALWAYS HAS THE BtSTOF EVERYTHINGBox Supper at Bethlehem.There will be a box supper at theBethlehem school, five miles from Paris, on Friday evening, November 1.Everyone invited to attend.The Best Candy Made.miss nunuuay s nome maae candiesare now on sale at ..Bruce Holladavs.15 tfAttention, Juniors.All members of BourborCouncil No.127 Junior Order United American Mechanics are hereby requested to bepresent Thursday night at 7 p. m.Large class to initiate.Democrats Lead in Registration.Thefhst day of the sunnlementalregistration resulted in the Democratsleading bv a good majority. The registration is as follows : Democrats 21 ;Republicans 1 Progressive, 1 ; Prohibition, 1.Fine Chocolates.Menier's chocolates, as fine as ycuever put in your mouth, only 40 centsa pjnd.BUTLER'S.Opp. Court House.Fresh Supply.7resh half barrel pig' feet just recuivra. They are very fine.2U 2t J. E. CRAVEN.Sent to Lexington Asylum.Minnie Desha, colored, aged about 35years, of L ttle Rock, this county, wasadjudged of unsound mind before ajury in Judge Jb. J. FretwelPs courtyesterday morning and ordered conlined to the Eastern Kentucky Asylum.She was taken to Lexirgton yesterdayatternoon.Supplemental RegistrationTuesday and Wednesday.Parisine Cream.An exquisite preparation for chapDed hands, sore lips or rough skin.29 2t CLARKE & CO.Accidents Delay Traffic.Traffic on the Paris-Lexington interurban line was delayed Saturday afternoon about six hours on account ofthe sinking of the iron bridge at Elmendorf. caused by a supporting rod under the bridge giving away. Thiscaused the bridge to sink about sixinches. A car wasderailed at the fairgrounds in this city when it jumped aswitch. Traffic, however, was in operation by 7 o'clock Saturday night."Parisine After Shaving.A most soothing and healing application after shavirg.29 2t CLARKE & CO.Fresh, Clean Bread.Cincinnati wrapped tread, rnvendifferent kinds of bread mpde t a'.SAUER'S GROCERY.-s K .UUlli uilliCJ uiuGrocery Burglarized.The grocery store of Mr. A. W. Cottingham, on South Main street, wasentered by burglars Saturd.- v night.An entrance was effected through therear door and the intruders caused thecash register to the back of tin- storewhere it was broken opsn. Only asmall amount of cash had been left inthe register which was secured oy theburglar. Nothing else of value wasmissed.Rye und Timotliy.We have choice Northern and homegown seed rye, also timothy see , forsale.20 tf R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.New Canned Goods.Fill your pantry with new cannedgoods. Get one dozen price.C. P. COOK.Knee Injured by Fall.Mr. B. F. Goodman, a member ofthe Paris Base Ball Club, is recoveringfrom injuries received several daysago and which came near resulting seriously. Mr. Goodman, who i employed by the Louisville and Nashvillerailroad company, was standing on theside of a moving freight car near thefreight depot when the step on whichhis foot was resting broke and fallingbeside the track be sustained an injury to his knee and foot.Clarke 4 Co.'s Poultry RemediesAssist your Bens lo moult b.v usingClarke's Poultry Remedies. Eggs arehigh and it "will pay vou. For sale byCLARKE & CO.,29 2t Pharmacists.Parisine for Chapped Skin.Parisine Cream is delightfully effective in case of chapped hands or lips,and other roughness and irritation ofthe skin.29 2t CLARKE & CO.Moose Meeting WednesdayNight.TheLoval Order of Moose extendsaninvitalion to all good citizens.to.bepresent tomorrow, Wednesday, nightat 8:30 o'clock at K. of P. Hall, tohear an address on "Boosting Paris"by Mr. A. B. Winsett, Nalional Director, of Oklahoma. The ladies are requested to be present, as Mr. WinsetthaB something to say specially to them.Come out good people to hear something that will be of great benefit toyou. "Don't You Need Something.A look into your wardrobe will perhaps suggest a new suit or an overcoat.Ccrne l.ere for it if yon wsnt the best,J. W. DAVIS & CO.Miss Louise Steele is at home fromHamilton College for a short visit.1 Miss Belle Ogden is the guest ofMrs. William Giltner in Covington.Mrs. Brucb'Head has returned toAshland after a visit to relatives inParis.r Mrs. James Reed Nutter, ofGeorgetown, is visiting Mrs. BenjaminParker.Mrs. Everett Peterson has returned home after a visit to relatives inCarlisle.Air. Wallace Mitchell left thismorning for a several days' visit toCincinnati.Miss Ida Arkle is ill at her homeon Second street with an attack of typhoid fever.Mrs. .Nathan Bayless has returnedfrom a visit to friends in Shelbyvilleand Louisville.Mr. and Mrs. Leslie Keal have returned from a short sojourn at DryRidge Springs.Mr. and Mrs. C. 0. Wilmoth havereturned from a visit to relatives inHarrison county.Mr. 'John Roseberry has returnedfrom Martinsville, Ind., where he hasbeen for several days.Miss Sallie;Danierreturned Fridayevening from a visit ot several weekBto friends in Lancaster.Mr. and Mrs. 0. L. Davis have returned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs.U. J. Howard, in Covington.Mrs. T. M. Squires and Mrs. W.H. Read, of Carlisle, are the guests ofMrs. Claude Ratliff in this city.Miss Johnny Cramer, of Lexington, was the guest Saturday and bundav of Miss Willie T. Summers.Mrs. Rion Dow has returned to herhome in Des Moines, Iowa, after aseveral weeks' visit to relatives inBourbon.Miss Gladys VanArsdale, a studentat Bouibon ;,College. has returnedafter a visit of a few davs with relatives in Harrodsburg.Mr. and Mrs. William E. McClure,of Cincinnati, returned to CincinnatiSunday evening, after a visit lo Mr.and Mrs. William Myall.Misses Tillie and Rebecca Jaynesleft Saturday for a visit to relativesin Lexington before going to Oklahoma to spend the winter.Mrs. Clark Barnett has returnedafter a several weeks' visit to herlather, Prof. C. L. Martin, in Louisville, who continues quite ill.Mrs. J. W. Bacon and Miss ClaraBacon will leave today for a visit toMrs. Bacon's parents, Mr. and Mrs.Henry Behrman, in Covington.Mr. Chas. Riley, of Illinois, a former resident of the North Middletownprecinct, is a guest of the family ofMr. J. W. MitchelKat that place.Miss Lizzette Parker, a student atthe Cincinnati Conservatory of Musicin Cincinnati, spent the week end withher mother, Mrs. Mayme Parker.Mrs. Clyde Keller has gone toChattanooga, Tenn. , to join her husbandwho has taken a position as ticketagent for the Southern railroad in thatcity.'Judge Chas. D. Webb, who hasl en confined to his home on Pleasantiireet for the past week wth a seriousillness, is reported to be somewhat improved. Mr. James Moran, formerly ofParis, who for the past severalmonths has been in New Mexico, ishere on a visit to his sister, Mrs.James E. Craven.Mr. and Mrs. James McCluremotored to Shelbyville Sunday andwere accompanied homefby Miss Fullen and Miss Lilly, of the faculty ofScience Hill School,Misses Maragret Toohey. EileenSchwartz and Winifred Doyle, of thiscity, attended the wedding of MissFrances McKenna to Mr. Irbie Earle,of Carbondale, 111., which occurred atthe home of the bride in LexingtonThursday.Miss Alice Rogers Clay, daughterof Hon. and Mrs. Sidney G. C ay. whowhile attending Eliazbeth College atCharlotte, S. C., was taken suddenlyill, necessitating the calling of hermother to her bedside, will be broughthome this morning. The condition ofMiss Clay shows a little improvement.Invitations have been received by'local physicians from Dr. Louis Frank,of Louisville, who will entertain atthe Penennis Club in Louisville at 1St ock Wednesday, October 30, theoccasion being the meeting ot theState Medical Association which willbe held in that city.Avoid the Penalty.2 Thursday, uctober 31, is the last dayto pay your pity taxes. Pay beforethat day and avoid the penalty.C. K. THOMAS,Collector.It Office at Deposit Bank.Box Supper At Houston School,At the Houston school on Fridayevening, Nov. 1. a box supper andspelling match will be held to whicheverybody is invited. Miss J. B. Kiseris teacher at this school.Petition Dismissed.In the Fayette Circuit Court Saturday in the suit of R. B. Hutchcraft vs.Robert S. Gay an order was entered inwhich the cross petition of Ford Brent,G. S. Brent's administrator, and Geo.W. Stuart was dismissed.The suit was one of much interest toCentral Kentuckydealers in blue grassseed. With the dismissal of the crossDetition Judge Kerr indicated that asettlement of the differences betweenHutchcraft and Gay ought to be easy.Another Hit, "The Borsalino.The hats you see on the heads of allwell dressed men. In pearl, chinchillaand grey. It's a Stetson. 4.J. W. DAVIS & CO.DOUBLE WEDDING.A double wedding of unusual interestwas celebrated Saturday, afterjioonwhen Miss Mary Belle Walker, of Lexington, and Mr. J. Thomas Jefferson,of this county, were united in marriage at the home of the bride's parents m Lexington, and at the sametime Miss Mary StiDp Weathers, ofCovington, a sister of the groom, wasmarried to Mr. J. Rice Walker, ofLexington, brother of the bride, at thehome of the bride's parents in Covington. The announcement ot Miss Walker'sencasement had been made some timeago, but the couple 'Jiad succeeded inkeeping the date of' then wedding aseciet and the wedding Jof the lattercouple will come as a complete surprise to the friends of the bride in'thiscounty.Mr. Walker and his Eister, Mis3Mary Belle Walker.are son and daughter of Mr. and Mrs. William MyallWalker, of Lexington. Mr. Weathersand his sister.Miss Mary Stipp Weathers, are son and daughter of Mr. andMrs. Henry Clay Weathers of Covington, and are popular with all who knowthem.Immediately after the ceremony Mr.and Mrs. Weathers left over.theQueenand Crescent railroad for Covingtonwhere they joined Mr. and Mrs. Walker. From there they went to Milford,0., and later on their wedding trin.Returning Mr. and Mrs. Walker willmake their home in Lexington and Mr.and Mra.gWeathers will reside on thecroom's farm near Clintouville, thiscounty.-A marriage license was issuedSaturday to Mr. Jesse Crumbis andMiss Fannie Vice, both of RuddlesMills, this county.Beckham to Speak Here MondayAs a crand finale to the active campaign conducted by the Democrats ofBourbon county, Hon. J. C. W. Beckham, former Governor of Kentucky,will address the voters of Bourbon atthe court house Monday afternoon,November 4, at 1:30 o'clock.The Democrats have conducted abrilliant campaign in this county andthe result here no doubt will bestrongly in favor of the Democraticcandidates. Notwithstanding the factthat this county will return a handsome Democratic majority, Mr. Beckham has signified his willingness to deliver the last speech of his campaignin Kentucky in Paris.'and the formerChief Executive of the State shouldbe greeted by a large crowd of enthusiastic Democrats.With the prospects for a recordbreaking crowd at the rally to be heldhere next Saturday, interest on thepart of the Democrats is at its fullheight, and while there is every assurance of a full Democratic vote, thereshould not be the least disinterest displayed in either of the events that attend the closing of a remarkable campaign. Paris Concern Reported Sold.A report is current in this city tothe effect that the Paris Gas and Electric Co., operating in this city, hasbeen sold to a company of Chicagocapitalists, who it is said will soon assume charge of the concern.Accordinc to Superintendent C. L.Steenbergen, he has had no direct information of the transaction or anydeal by which the local concern passesinto other hands, and in a statementmade to the News yesterday said hewas not in a position to either deny oiaffirm the story of the transfer.The Paris Gas and Electric Co. is acombination of the old Paris Gas Co.and the Paris Electric Co. The ParisGas Co.. which for several years wasoperated by local capitalists, was disposed of to a Cincinnati capitalist,who assumed the control of the affairand about two years ago absorbed theParis Electric Light Co. Since thattime both plants have been operatedby the Cincinnati company.For Sale.One pair good work mules, 6 and 7years old, one good general purposehorse. Inquire at National Five andTen Cent Store.WANTED.o X.- 'Good second hand Frankiln stove ;must be good and cheap. Apply atNews officerWeCordiallyInviteYou toOpenIIWithBourbon Bank &gTrust Co.Paris, - - Kentucky.Capital 100,000.00Surplus and Profits... 50,000.00Wa tuill nnnrppinfA vnnr hllfii-ness and favor you in every way 1possibe.Try a Savings Account.3 per cent. Interest,Compounded! Semi-AnntiaUy.Rev. E. M. Lightfoot, pastor ofthe ParisIBaptist church, whoghas beenassisting ev. J. P. Scruggs in a revival meeting at Midway returned Saturday and filled his pulpit at the Baptist fhurch Sunday. Tne meeting atMidway was one of unusual interest.Good Audience at EntertainmentA representative audience attendedthe entertainment given under the auspices of the Young Ladies MissionCiicle of the Christian church at theBourbon College Chapel. Those whoattended were delighted with the rendition of "Betsy of Baltimore." byMiss Roberts, of Danville, Ky., agraduate of the Boston School of Expression, in monologue.This difficult style of elocution wasgiven in a most d'ihtful manner byMiss Roberts, who is certainlv an artist, possessing a charm of voice, man-'ner, gesture and articulation seldomcombined, as well as a mest graciouspersonality.Miss Rorberts was the guest of Mrs.Withers Davis, president of the circle, !who gracefully introduced her to theaudience.Never have youheard in any musicalinstrument a tone sowonderfully sweet,clear and mellow.Hearing is believinorCome in any time noobligation.Jp i !a m - a -i - m hlP53133i "The Heme of Good Things to Eat"mm&m BlflBHBiMMBiaHBIflfi. . fmmfiiISSPECIALPairs Irish Point Lace Curtains,Full Width and Full Length,Beautiful Patterns, Worth$7.50, price whilethey lastS4.98r See our enormous line of Curtains and Draperies,H dainty colored bed-room Curtains of muslin, 'ggj $1.00 and $1.25 pair.White, Ecru or Colored Draperies of Scrim, Ettamineor Marquisette Large Stock to Select From.W. ED. TUCKER.& ! OiGenuineSteam CookedBostonBrown BreadMade from Fresh, Eich ButtermilkFreshly Ground Graham FlourFancy Porto Eicon Molasses,Cooked four hours in live steam.We Know It's Good, Because It's Made bySTONESneA-v home Aho-uld have a cozy eo rne.A urheAehe men fok& can iounje and -smo&e; urAcn tveliie-s can 4 lp a congenial exip of ea when aaood neiphfror drops in; and where, Aemem&er,-are were once yo-ung., oxiA ehildAen, when heyaAow -up, can. cha wih xii he oneA hey like.he Les.o9 wa& down own yeseAdav and saw 60rnanxf extie hlna6 for cozy eoAncAs.Q..wav& yo-uA fAlend,Xo-u.(P, S. 2o-u can. irixy so many odd hlnas foA s-achllle money fAomNTONi1.11.1 L.I7C2 IT5Z ZZ "Vmrn- . V-vv---tft nUm'&r1-. inJt- j, -S-f'iTrafea3THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCTOBER 29, 1912.(Continued From Page 1)GET STARTED &WHILE THE BIGVOTE OFFER IS ON.day of publication,after that time willthe next issue.Votes coming finbe published inklDISTRICT NO. 1hear from prospective candidates living in the smaller towns and on ruralroutes. Just send your name and address to this office and the contestmanager will either call on you personally or write and show you how toget started in your campaign. Don'tneglect your opportunity send yourname today, especially if you live outside ot the city.A PEW SUGGESTIONS.Now for a few suggestions as toyour plan of campaign. Never neglect to see anyone personally. Ifyou have reason to believe that theyhave not already nledged their votes.Sometimes the prospects which appearthe most improbable pan out the best.When you have your prospect secured get him or her to put you on thetrackyof another or more unpledgedprospects. The result will be thatyour votesxwillfaccumulate more andmore daily and increase in volume,like a snowball rolling down hill.Again, don't be afraid to advertisethe fact that you are a candidate,here, there and everwyhere throughout the length and breadth of this partot Kentucky. Tell everybody youmeet the glad tidings and impress uponthem the fact that you are in the racefor one reason only, thai is to win.You will be surprised how the magnetism of your enthusiasm will persuade others. Even.the most callouscannot fail to accord a certain amountof admiration to the plucky competitor- After you have Ipft, it is auiteas likely as not that the recipient ofyour most recent heart to heart talkwilljtell his friends something likethis:"Friends, if you haven't promisedyour votes to anyone yet, I've got afriend who deserves to win so give herthe votes." That s the sort of an im-!pression to leave behind. Again don'thesitate to ask for the biggest subscription at ihe'outset. Go after thefive year subesriptions.Remember that 10,000 extra voteswill be fgiven on every c'ollar of subscriptions from now on, until November 5. The votes issued on these subscriptions are good at any time ud tothe close of the contest and may bepolled and publishedchoose.Miss Hazel Duvall. . . .Miss Clara Hamilton..Miss Flora HillMiss Matilda James...Mrs. C.P. BalesMiss Frances Kenney .John StuartMiss Mary Gooche....Robfc. A. RoseWm. CooperMrs. Lizzie BurkeMrs. Leer StoutBryant DotyMiss Elizabeth Mann.Charlie Grinnan.Fred LinkMiss Ida Paynter.Miss Elemeta Hinton .Miss Sallie CroweMiss Mary BrownErnest Behelar0. P. Carter, JrCarley B. Scott.J. D. BurnaughMiss Nora WoodsMiss Elsie ThomasLamar HillMiss Bob MorrisVictor O'NealVotfS5,6503,9004,02510,87510,9753,8003,1502,97510,80010,9755,5752,4502,3002.G502,2255,5254,8751,2251,8005,1754,1753,1753,9501,5501,9252,4001,30010,9751,2752.whenever youno contestantmore than avotes to placeUntil further noticewill be allowed to pollsufficient number oftheir standing 10.000 votes in advanceof the leader of the preceding issue.For intsance, if A had 10,975 votes intoday's issue, you would be allowedenough to place ;your standing 20.965votes in the next issue. As many subscriptions as you wish may be turnedin and vote ballots will be issued andreturned to you.DOTY'S STUDIO, OFFICIAL PHOTOGRAPHERS. Doty 's Studio has been apDointed theOfficial Photographers of the Big Automobile and Prize Capmaign. A picture of each of the c mtestants will betaken free and the photos of the leading candidates will be published in theNews during the campaign. Secure anorder from the campaign manager andbe the first to have your photo'publish-ed.SCHEDULE OF VOTES,12 Years 272,20010 Years 227,0008 Years 183,5005 Years 115,0004 Years 91.000Years 67,200Years.; 44,500Year 21,800Months 10,600DISTRICT NO.Miss Luella Jonesi Miss Ada BivinsMiss Will Davis JudyMiss Josephine Dettwiller. .Mrs. Bert RahMiss Mary LigonMiss Daisy DettwillerMrs. Fraak BedfordMrs. "Wm. FarrisThos. W. WellsFrank SleddMiss Mary ShanklinMrs. Clark LeerMiss Lucia ButlerMiss Elizabeth IngelsMiss Lucille DaileyMiss Alma Duke JonesDick McDanielsSanford AllenEverett ThompsonW. V. ShawU. S. G. PepperMiss Laura Bell FaulconerMiss Ida Cumber,Miss Jennie K. PetersonMiss Mary BattertonMiss Anna D. ClarkMiss Lucille HopkinsMiss Ruth SoperMiss Etta Mae MorganSidney BurroughsM iss Laura SmithMiss Jennie BramelMiss Ida Bell TateMiss Bessie EwaltMiss Lizzibelle Merrimee . .Miss Margaret TateJoe SmithHenry KreegelGuy StevensMiss Mary GorhaniLucian TerrellMiss Maude ParrishTom KennedyMiss Estella GodmanMiss Mary GinnMiss Lillie MartinMiss Cumma HudnallMiss Rebecca RedmonMiss Kizzie McDanielsRoj- TurnerMrs. Margaret BantaMrs. Varden Shipp ,Miss Hazel StevensonMiss Elizabeth LiterMiss Sadie ClarkJames W. ThompsonWells JacobyJ. S. WillmottW.J. McWharterMrs. Roy TurnerHolt DanielsMrs. Louis MussinonAddress all nominations and communications to the Campaign ManagerThe Bourbon News, Paris, Ky.STANDING OF CONTESTANTS.The list of candidates and the 'number of votes each has will be printedin this paper each issue. Votes mustbe in this office at noon previous to the2,8504,3753,1502,6504,0259,1252,77510,9757,2502,0752,4259,9254,1503,6003,02510,9753,1501,4752,1001,9753,3002,25010,9758,95010,9753,1501,9502,0259,5503.2501,7502,9504,3502,1504,1501,4501,9751.0001,2251,4002,7502,30010,8501,6251,42510,15010,97510,9751,9252,7501,87510,9752,6508,8501,6751,8501,9751,8251.00U1,0001,6251,250l,7o0Stop That Ache.Any ache or pain in any part of thebody can be relieved with Shipp'sQuick Relief Liniment. 100 rewardif it fails and the purchaseprice is notreufnded. Try Jtand see. 50 cents atall druggists.FILL OUT THIS BLANKAnd mail or bring it to The Campaign Manager, THE BOURBONNEWS, Paris, Ky.Nomination Blank Good For 1 ,000 VotesI nominateMAddress .as a candidate in THEPrize Campaign.BOURBON NEWS Great Automobile andMy Name Is.Address.The name and address of people making nominations will not bedivulged. Only a limited number of nominations will be accepted.It is understood that for each candidate nominated only onenomination coupon which entitled the candidate so nominated to1.000 votes, will be accepted by the Campaign Manager.25 VOTE COUPONFill out as directed and send to the Campaign Manager, THE BOURBON vNEWS, Paris, Ky. Votes cannotbe bought. They must be cut from THE BOURBONNEWS or secured on subscriptions.Not Good After November 9thGREAT AUTOMOBILE AND PRIZEICAMPAIGNThis Coupon will Count for 25 VOTESFor.Dist. No,JLAddress.CANT SAW WOODWITH ANeither Can Yon Win the Handsometudetoaker Tonrinsr Gar, aing or one of the other PrizesiHAMMER$910.00 8Diamond Bunless you make a start in the race. TheBest offer of the Contest now on.$10,000 Extrworth of subscription turnedY iin before Novemberaregiven oneve r y5th. :dollar'sContestants in District No. 2 have an unusually good opportunityto pick up a prize very easily. So far, only two or three candidates inthat district have actually got started, and as at least four prizes willgo there, we now have more prizes than we have active contestants.A word to the wise whould be sufficient.Start Your Campaign To-dayDETAILS OF ADTOMOBLEAND PRIZE CAMPAIM.THE CAPITAL PRIZE.The Grand or Capital Prize offeredin this great campaign is a handsome$910 Flanders touring car one of thebest known and most reliable cars inthe country. It was purchased especially for this great campaign from theBourbon Garage and is now ondisplay. It is a machine of superbmechanical qualities and will excitethe.greatest interest in every localitywhere the joy of automobiling isknown. The desire is intense in everywide a"wake person to own a beautifulccr that means so much personal joyand for the entertainment of familyand friends. The publisher of theBourbon News takes the greatestpleasure in being able to pu,t such amachine in the possession of somepopular person in this section as a reward for their industrious efforts during the next few weeks.THE DISTRICT PRIZES.The District Prizes consist ofbeautiful Diamond Kines and handsome Elgin Watches. They were .purchased especially for this great campaign from the well known and reliable firm of bhire & Fithian.The Diamond Rings are indeedsparkling gems ot neauty ana tne win-'- Distiict No.ner of any one ot them may wen teel ' cjlv of Paris,proud of them. They are perfect i District No. 2WHO MAY ENTER.Any'persun, lady or gentleman, boyor girl, living in this section o Kentucky may enter this campaign. Itcosts nothing to enter or try for anyof the prizes. They do not have to besubesribers to the Bourbon News inorder to enter ; all that is necessary isto fill out the nomination blank withyour name or the name of the personyou wish to enter, and bring or send itto the Campaign Depr., The BourbonNews. Paris, Ky. The nominationblank" will count 1,000 votes for theparty so nominated. Votes may beclipped from the paper or secured onsubscriptions. The votes which appearin the News are good for 25 votes eachif voted before the date of expirationprinted on the coupon. Those issupdon subscriptions as shown in anotherpart of this announcement. Under thecampaign arrangement, you only haveto compete against the candidates inyour own district to secure any of thedistrict prizes. Candidates and theirfriends may securevotes and subscriptions anywhere.stones and the reputation of the abovefirm stand back of them.There are two lb jeweled ElginWatches and , two 7 jeweled ElginWatches. The name of the ElginWatch is so well known as a most reliable, timekeeper that it is hardlynecessary to give a further descriptionof them. All of the district prizes willbe on display in the window of the.jewelry store of Shire & Fithian.HOW TO ENTER.Fill out the nomination blank foundelsewhere in this issue and send it tothe Campaign Dept., TheNews. Full details of the campaignand printed matter lor use in gettingI your campaign started will be sentyou.TERRITORY OF THE CONTEST.1 Includes all of the-Includes all of Bourbon county outside of tne city of Parisand also parts of other counties adjoining.HOW PRIZES WILL BE DISTRIBUTED. The Grand prize the beautiful 910Flanders Touring Car will be awarded to the candidate who secures thehighest vote polled in the entire campaign.The candidate standing highest ineach of the two districts after theGrand! prize has been awarded, willhave the choice of either a lady's orgentleman's Diamond Ring.The candidate standing second highest in each of the two districts afterthe grand prize has been awarded willalso have the choice of another Jady'sor eentleman's Diamond Ring.The candidate standing thirdin eachof the two districts after the grandprize has been awarded will be giventhe choiceof a lady's or gentleman's15 jeweled Elign WatchThe candidate standing fourth ineach of the two districts after thegrand prize has been awardedSwillhave the choice of a lady's or gentleman's 7 jeweled Elign watchAll of the district prizes may beseen on display at the jewelry store ofShire & Fithian. Candidates and.theirfriends are invited to call and inspectthemRULES OF THE CONTEST.The caraDaign is open to every whiteperson possessing good character, residing within the limits of the territory of the contest.Candidates and their friends mayBourbon secure suoscriptions anywhere. Nospceial ballots will be issued for less.than two dollars.Candidates must be entered from thedistrict in which they reside, and "cannot move from one district to the other and retain the votes to their creditin the former district.The campaign manager reserves theright to reject any candidate and topass final judgment on any questionwhich mav arise.Votes once issued cannot be changedto count for.another candidate.of the contest.No promise, or agreement, eitherwritten or verbal, made by agents, solicitors or representatives, other thanthose published in the Bourbon Newswill be recognized. gThe rules and conditions given aboveare to govern thetcontest of The Newsand all candidates entering the contestagree to be governed by the rules andconditions as above set forth. -HOW VOTES ARE SECURED.With every subscription to The Bourbon News (when it i3 asked for) isgiven a ballot good for a certain number of votes, according to the lengthof the subscription. These ballots maybe held as long as desired and voted atany time up to the last day of the contest. In fact, it is well to hold back alarge per cent of your vote ballots, as.then no one knows bow many votesyon have, and are less likely to havesomeone who knows that you haveturned in all of your subacrintinnc: Qnrlhad the vote published, to step in thelast moment and get the prize you desire.t If you hold back part of yourballots no one knows, not even thecontest department, for no record iskept of vote ballots issued to you,how manyfcvotes you have.TheAim to Shed Joy.joy-maker is the most neededman in the -world; the pain-maker isall too plentiful.It Looks Like a Crimeto separate a boy from .Bucklen's Arnica Salve.His Dimules. hni". snrntnh-Candidates compete only against thejes, knocks, sprains and bruises demandit, and its quick relief for burns,scalds or cuts is his right. Keep ithandy for boys, also girls. Heals everything healable and does it quick.Unequaled for piles. Only 25 cents atObedorfer's.contestants living in tne same districtas themselves for the district prizes.The campaign manager reserves theright to make any changes or alterations in the rules and conditions thatmay be necessary no the best interestsLexinqtonKaryBendend Orchestra.112 West Main St.LEXINGTON, KY.isic For All OoceslonsTELEPHONES: New1S5 and 638; Old,Only such music willbe supplied as will bea pleasure to our pat-1rons and a credit tothe organization.JSMSISWIR9ITWINBROSDepanmeni"" ffilllylt Jifp9''L. 5c N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT ll:o9P. M.Trains .A.rrrveNo. FROMA Atlanta, Ga., Dai'j' 5 21 am134 Lexington. Jly.. Daily 4.15am9 Cynthiana, Ky. , D.uly F r-ppfc Sunday 7.35 am7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Exoopt Sunday 7.38 am10 Rowland, Ky. , Daily Excep: Sunday 7.55 am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 am37 Cincinnati, O., Duily .' 9.50 am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , 10.20 am12 Lexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 am26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 am2o Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pm2.3S Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pm3S Knoxville. enn.. Daily 3.25 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5.40 pm39 Cincinnati, O , Daily Except Sunday 5.47 pm30 Lexington, Ky. , Daily 6,03 pmS Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.5o am32 Jacksonville. Fla., Daily 6.05 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrainsNo.34 Cincinnati. O., Daily4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 5.29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 74Q Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except bunday 8.137 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9.37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10;133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10,6 Maysville, K., Daily 12.26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday : 5.32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.8 Maysville, Ky., Dailv Except Sunday 630 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6,31 Lexington, K., Daily 10,13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10,E' fe O- TIlVflOES-T ABLE!IN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trains ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.30 pm3 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pmTrains XDe;pa,rt!tfo. TO7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday 9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky DailylExcept Sunday 5.53 pmMany growing: eirls in schoolor business are frail delicateanemic lack energy and ambition and have thin blood. It isall unnatural and unless checkedleads to serious and chronic ills.Nourishment, not drugs, is thelaw of reason to build strengthbut when appetite is poor anddigestion weak, ordinary foodsdo not nourish then SCOTT'SEMULSION is necessary.5 CO TT'S EMULSION overcomes just such conditions; itstissue material entersthe blood without digestive effort and makesit rich. It tones thewhole system and startsthe healthy action ofcells throughout thebody.Imitations are oftenoffered, but to set resultsyou must set SCOTT'S.Scott & Bownc, Bloomfield, N. J.Trade-Mark12-66-"k - JcwMftoiwwtjaCHWfgiirtcaa8BfcBliBB'I "MM"IMM;?5MlMff?store .T01 -T03 Main St.,Invites you to inspect their handsome and stylish display ofPALL DRY GOODS,DRESS GOODS, MISSES'and LADIES' READY-TO-WEARGARMENTS.SUITS, SKIRTS,"MILLINERY,CLOAKS, SHOES, DRESSES.Please Call. Always several toshow our goods.ZDe-psurt-TO528 am35 am,47 am20 an:.20 am.57 am,55 am,24 am.27 am,05 pm.04 am,34 pm4o pm.52 pm.57 pm,10 pm.15 pm.25 pm.57 pm.55 pmPuts End to bad Habit:Things'never look bright to one witnthe blues! Ten to one the trouble is asluggish liver, filling the system withbillious poison, that Dr. King's NewLifge Pills would expel. Try them.Let the joy of better feeilngs end theblues. Best for stomach, liver andkidneys.!! 25 cents at Oberdorfer's.HERE'STHEHOGBOURBON REMEDY CO..Lexington. Ky.Enclosed find photo of hot that was cured? ofcholera with your Eourbon Hog Cholera Remedy. This hog1 was plmst de?d before usingthe medicine, and then was entirely cured, except loss of ears, tail, ?tc. The hog is owned byMr. Skiles Ewingr, of Bo'vhng- Green, Ky. Howill be glad to g::ve you a tcbtimonial, and wocan get several more if j ou ant them.JENKINS-SUBLETT DRUG CO.,Bowhnsr Green, Ky.Ask Ycur Druggist for It.f orSale dy W. T. Brooks.iNew Shoe ShineParlors.. iEd. ParkerThe popular Elevator Boy andJanitor at the AgriculturalBank, has opened a Shoe-ShiningParlor in the hallway of theBank and will be glad to waiton the public in this section ofthe city. L$& .: . ?Your Patronage Is Solicited.Faris Dairy.WI.JMMS, Proprietor.Jersey Mi Ik, Creamand ButterPromptly DeliveredNignt and Morning.East Tennessee Phone 98Home Phone 98Sam'l Kerslake& Son,Paris, - Kentucky.Horse Shoeing,Machine Shop.Automobile Repairinga Specialty.Fruit and Ornamental.Shrubs, Asparagus, Rhubarb. Peonies, Roses, Phlox, etc. No agents.Growers of what we sell. Free catalogue. $ --.r HiQggH. P. HILLENMEYER & SONS,11 lm Lexington, Ky.Jflnnte LangbonManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.augl6tfEast Tenn. Phoe 669TheBourbon Horse GoodsGo,Incorporated.Manufacturers ofHarness, Horse Boots andLeather Novelties ofAll Kinds,All Orders Promptly Executed-AndWork Guaranteed.No. 304 Main StreetRepairing of All Kind DoneWhile You Wait.Opp. Court House.TREESNervousTroublesDriveAwayHappinessTona Vita Will Quickly DriveAway Nervous Mroubles. .People who are all run down inhealth, who are worn out, nervousgandhalf sick, are apt to bethoroughly disgcouraged. They are half-hearted,listless and depressed and feel thatthis isa terrible worldwith many painsin it and few pleasures. This stateof mind isjrecognized by physicians ascommon sympthom of nervous debility. If you are one of the many Americans who are suffering with nervousbreak down or nerve exhausion, youcan get back your old health and spirits in a few weeks time. Go to yourdruggist and obtain a bottle of TonaVita. This remarkable tonic is helDing thousands bacK to health and it willnot fail in your case. In fact, it neverfails. You will be astonished? howquickly it will build you up both inmind and bodv.Tona Vita is sold by Chas. E. Butler& Co.Thoughtful John Chinaman."The virtues of a Chinese laundryman never have been half told," saidthe woman.. "Not of my laundrvman.'anyhow. He is such a motherlv oldsoul. The other day he brought myhandkerchiefs home folded In two different ways, some squared, some catacornered." "Why the different styles in ironing?" I asked."John pointed to the stack of catacornered handkerchiefs. 'These holey,'he said. Then to the square pile,'These good. In big hully, not getteemix and go out with holey hankchef.'"Kind old John. His idea was allright, but doesn't keep me from getting mixed, for I can never rememberwhich shape means holey and whichmeans whole, so I am likely to disgrace myself with a holey handkerchief after all."When you have'a bad cold you wantthe best medicine obtainable so as tocure it with asjittle'delay as possiDle.Here is a druggists'. opinion : "I havesold Chamberlain's Cough Remedy forfifteen years," says Enos Lollar, ofSaratoga, Ind., "and consider it thebest on the market." k For sale bv alldealers, fArgus Complained."A hundred eyes are of no use unless there are a hundred knot holes inthe fence," he mourned.'' If you fchave youne children youhave perhaps noticed that disorders ofthe stomach are their most commonailment. To correct this you will findChamberlain's Stomach and LiverTablets excellent. They are easy andpleasant to take, and mild and gentleinh effect. For sale by all dealers.Tested."Eighty dollars for a set of tires ispretty stiff," said Jipson. "Haven'tyou got anything cheaper?""Sure," said the affable salesman."I have a set here you can have forten dollars.""Ten, eh?" said Jipson. That's goodand cheap. How about 'em are theygood for anything? Ever had 'em tested?" "I should say so," said the salesman. "They've traveled over 30,000xmles already." Harper'a Weekly.Almost a Miracle.TOne of the mo3t startling changesevre seen in anv man, according to W.B . Holsclaw, Clarendon. Texas, waseffected years Ego in his brother. "Hehad such a dreadful cough," he writes,"that all our family thought he wasgoing into consumption, but he beganto use Dr. King's New Discovery, andwas completely cured by ten bottles.Now he is sound and well and weighs217 pounds. For many years our family has used this wonderful remedy forcoughs and colds with excellent results." It's quick, safe, reliable andguaranteed, f Price 50 cents and .Trial bottle free at Oberdorfer's.J. W. Copeland, ot Dayton, Ohio,purchased a bottle of Chamberlain'sCough Remedy for his boy who had acold, and before the bottle was all ubed the boy's cold was gone. Is thatnot better than to pay a five dollardoctor bill. For sale by all dealers. EDeafness Cannot be Cured.by local application, as they cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one wav to cure deafness, and that is by constitutionalremedies. Deafness is caused by aninflamed condition of the mucous lining of the Eustachian Tube. Whenthis tube is inflamed you have a rumbling sound or imperfect hearing, andwhen it is entirely closed, deafness isthe result, and unless the inflammationcan be taken out and this tube restored to its normal condition. hearing willbe destroyed forever. Nine caes outof ten are caused by Catarrh, which'isnotning but an innamea condition oithe mucous surfaces.We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any cast ot deafness, caused bv catarrh, that cannot be cured by Hall'sCatarrh Care. Send for circulars free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by druggists"7o cents.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. '$100 Reward.Will be paid to any person havingany kind of pain or ache if Shipp'sLiniment fails to give instant reliefand the purchase price is not refunded. Try it and see. 50c at all druggists.Curtis Henry & Co.,Groceries, Drygoods, Fresh and CuredMeats, Vegetables, Fruits, Etc. ,Both Phones 442We Want Your Trade on the Merits of Our Goods.Everything We Sell is Guaranteed.Our accommodations are the best in town -Anew Auto j Delivery, Polite Attention andAlways a Special Effort to Please : : : : rxxA Pew Things Others Haven't Might Interest You:Cream Flour, French Bread, GoldenSunCoffee, Sweet-Orr Overalls, American BeautyCorsets, Royal Tailoring and many othersjtoonumerous to mention. Give us a trial.Yours for more business.CURTIS HENRY COI Cor. 1 4thNew Fall Suits Arrivingr r tt iXX-S ""' "jtinfllfy j ,sz,,f ft -a . ; jft ' - i ;It p ?A.W" '- " dPwJfe jsciaoss bios s co.i 27TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T,L. Wollstein, Proprietor.BlTTifTi ilOfwnfirfnMITo,t40,000 Burley Tobacco GrowersStockholders in Strater Bros Branch FactoryHere are ten brands of tobacco. All of you know their worth,for you supply the leaf. It comes from your own tobacco farms.Most of you smoke or chew one of these brands, for they represent the cream of your crops. You know of none better, nonericher, and you know that each sale brings a profit to you. Youare partners in each of these brands. Here's a way to increaseyour profits on each.40,000 Partner-SalesmenWe want 40,000 more salesmen and you.Mr. Grower, are one that we want. Wewant you to work with us, to help sellthese brands, and thus increase yourrevenue from them. Your cooperation,individually, can result in gigantic sales.Here's how it works out.Let Each Man TellTen Friends'Let each of you growers tell tenfriends what you know of Strater Bros.'Branch Brands, the brands for whichyou grow the leaf. Always keep one ofthese brands in your pocket and give tothese friends to try. Explain that. theleaves were the pick of your crop andthat no better crops are grown. Pointout the reasons why these brands ofTO ALL DEALERS WHO SELL TOBACCOThese brands of tobacco are famous sellers as all who sell them know. They are madefrom the best, from the cream of the crops, from forty thousand farms. They form thegreatest repeaters known, a steady source of profit. Put them into your stock for a trial andsee what they do. You will sell them for years if you sell them one week.For Smokine-GOLDEN GLOW-PENNY POST-FULL PAY.For Chewing-INDEX-BY JOE TWIST -CUP -DAY'S WORK-ON THE SQUARE-TORCHLIGHT-STRATER'SNATURAL LEAF.STRATER BROS. TOBACCO COMPANY BRANCHBURLEY TOBACCO COMPANY, Incorporated, Louuyille, Ky.-- "- wand MainOlMHM !DailySchloss Bros., & Co.,Baltimore, IVfd.,Hand Made SuitsAre Here DirectFrom The TailorsHands. . .We are showing the new Plum,Carnation, Grey and Browns, theprices very reasonable, 15 to $25.All Wool Fall Suits, newestshades at. . . .10, $12.50 and 15OurlFall Line of Haws VonGol Hats Douglass Shoes andTiwn Bros., Special Shoes are arriving daily.The showing we are makingfor Fall is in every way up to thehighest class, our prices aremorereasonable than elsewhere, vmmtobacco should be every smoker's andchewer's choice since it is your choicestgrowth. 40.000 men, each telling tenfriends, will thus get a powerful salesmessage to nearly 400.000. If each ofthose friends tell five others, nearly2,000,000 men are affected. Think whatan increase this would make on thesebrands in one section. You are sellingto us. We are selling to them. So letus work jointly to sell the utmost thatwe can.Tell Dealers," TooS Tell dealers, too, when you buy thesebrands, what you know of their quality.Let them know of their nation-widepopularity, how they repeat, and howthey make friends of consumers.BE A BOOSTER OF BURLEY GROWERS' BRANDS, thus boosting the sales aadyour profits.(3)I-11THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCTOBER 29, 1912I.llftGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBAL1ER.BOTH'PHONES DAT137; NIGHT 299.r44Zfje Borne of Cornet Toofwear'MMMMQHiDAN COEHNila Ai )? W yyYon Can't LoseAnything in FallFootwear You Desire at Prices MuchLower Than Ever.Our Ltock is Complete in Every Detail.Never bef ote at the beginning of theseason have we been able to offersuch remarkable bargains. You don'thear anything about the "high cost ofliving" here.You save big money by buying yourShoes at our big Bargain Shoe Store.Special Values This Week WhileThey Last:LUC VII illC IIIUlS2.99Ladies' snappy, letest style, 1 6-botton Beets, madeon short ramp model, in Gun Metal fl CCIand Patent, while they last 9 I 77Ladies' Cushion-Made Shoes, made on the mostsnappy Pall fasts. You've rarelyseen better Shoes at any price..Tan Shoes are ail the style. We now have the largestassortment in Ladies' Tan Button Shoes, bristlingwith snappy styles, equal to any $4 j 4 Qk djkgrades you pay elsewhere fr &&&&Ladies' smart models in Velvet, Gun "f ftkMetal and Patent. While they last ... I 3r7Men's high-grade Shoes, modled over all the lateststyles, astonishing values, t5Special 9h VVMen's extra fine, latest style Shoes, fl4 CGbbutton and (ace. Special 9 Ih77ledies' comfort Felt House Slippers,tarn soles. Special49cWE have a great selection of thefamous Walk-Over Shoes formen. The best Shoes for themoney. Tay a pair and be convinced. . . . .. A .".T55553KBtfwBullet in Brain and Still Lives.With a bullet in his brain HenryStory, a negro, employed with a construction camp, is alive at the St. Joseph Hopital, in Lexington, and thereate chances for niB recovery, accordingto the statement of his physician, Di.D. B. Anderson, of this city.Siory sustained the injury Saturdaynight in a brawl between several negroes at the construction camp ofHough & Spradling. on the farm ofDr. D. B. Anderson, on the Olintonville pike. A negro who is unknownto the police inflicted the wound, and itis said that it was done in self-defense.The negro who is charged with theshooting made his escape.. Saturday night the unknown negro,who is employed by the constructionfilm of D. B. Lacv & Sn, in this citv,went to the construction camp ofHough & Spradling in company withseveral other negroes. Both Storyand the nergo accused of the shootingbore the reputation of being bad men,and in a dispute over some trivial matter they beagn shooting.Story, it is alleged, blew the lampout in the shack where the men weregathered and began shooting, emptying his revolver in the direction 01 theunknown negro. None of the shotstook effect. The would-be victim ofStory's revolver returned the fire,emptying two chambers of bis revolver. One shot took effect over Story'sleft eye, scattering his brains over hisclothing and the room.Immediately after the shooting Dr.D. B. Anderson was summoned anddressed the wound, but was unable tolocate the bullet. Sunday morningStory requested to be taken to a hospital, and he was removed to the St.Joseph's Hospital, in Lexington.Although according to the statements of eye witnesses the shootingwas a clear case of self-defense, thenegro who inflicted the injuries escapedand has not been apprehended. It isthe opinion of the police that he willsurrender. While the condition ofStory ia serious, it is the opinion thatunlesscomplications arise, and in spiteof the'fact that the bullet is imbeddedin his head, he may recover.Carpets and Rugs.Come to the carpet and rug store ifyou want something nice at reasonableprices. Large stock to select from.No shop worn patterns, all new.J. T. HINTON.Gives $1,000 to Paris Hospital.Mrs. 'Jane Y. Rutherford, widow ofthe late Dr. E. H. Rutherford, 'formany years pastor of the Paris Presbyterian church, has notified the trusteesof the Paris Hospital ot the gift of$1,000 to be placed at their disposal fora specific purpose and to be used as amemorial to her husband, whose litein this community was truly a benediction. The notice of the gift from Mrs.Rutherford was'received by Mrs. W.E. Simms. a member of the board oftrustees of the hospital and the moneywill be used as prescribed by, Mrs.Rutherford.The new hospital which is in theprocess ofconstruction under; the supervision? of the trustees is progressing rapidly and with a view of givinga littlewider scope to their efforts andto increase the building fund thetrustees have made a personal appealtor funds to provide such necessaryfeatures as would be impossible tofurnish otherwise.The bequest of Mrs. W. W. Massiewas Bomewhat in excess of the estateafter deducting the'fifteen per cent ormore for taxes and including the fiveper cent inheritance tax, fees andcourt claims. The trustees ;have nntexceeded the eighty-five per cent I nletting contracts and their policy isnot to encumber the hospital with adebt.The amount necessarv is small compared to the value of- the splendidpie:e of property which the city willbe in possession of, and which has costneitherthe city or county a cent.The architect, Mr. R. L. Rowe,whose services have been of incalculable valueJto the trustees, has assuredthem the building as planned for hospital purposes, could not be duplicatedfor less than forty thousand dollars.New Tracks for L. 4 N. Yards.That the yards of the Louisville andNashville railroad in South Paris mayhe provided with additional track roomand with the view of completing thegrade in the local yard3 to conformwith the proposed grade between Paris and Winchester a contract has beenawarded by the company to Lucy &Son, of Cincinnati, and the contractorshave commenced to grade for newtracks, besides lowering the tracks inthe South yards.The Louisville and Nashville recently purchased a strip of ground fromW. K. Griffith, lying adjacent to thetracks in South Paris. The tract ofground is two hundred feet wide andseveral hundred feet long. The contractors have a large force of men atwork lowering the.traeks to grade .withthe Claysville crossing in this city,which will necessitate a cut of fourfeet at a point where the Winchesterbranch leaves the main yards. Theearth will be used to fill in the Griffithproperty which will then provide roomfor six or more new tracks.The addition of the Griffith propertywill enable the railroad company tostraighten its tracks at this point andprovide room for a lame number offreight trains, which will be necessarywhen the immense increase in the volume of freight handled at this pointcomes this winter.The channel of the brook wheh parallels the tracks ot the company alongthe right of way in the South Yardswill be moved to the east about onehundred and fifty feet and tracks constructed over the brook that runsthrough the main yards.It would be hard to estimate theamount of money the Louisville andNashville has suent in Paris in thepast two years, and from the presentactivities in the improvement of itsproperty in;this city leaves the impression that the work is only begun. Being the divisional center with branchesleading to Maysville, Lexington, Cincinnati and the South and a distributingpoint, the necessity of increased yardsis daily more apparentPlan to Start Cooperative StoreIf the plans of the promoters materialize Paris in the near future willhave a co-operative grocery store thatwill be owned and operated-by the employes of the Louisville and Nashvillerailroad.A subscription paper has been circulated among the employes of the roadin this city and it is said that $7,000 ofthe proposed $10,000 capital stock ofthe concern has neen subscribed.It is the plan of the company toerect 'and own it3 own store buildingwhich will be located on South Mainstreet on a site somewhere betweenThirteenth and Sixteenth streets andto have everything ready for businessby spring.This is the first effort on the partof the large number of railroad employes in this city toward a plan ofthis nature and it is meeting with thehearty support and endorsement of allthuse who have subscribed to the proposition.MILLERSBURG ITEMS.Mr. E. C. Hawkins left Friday for abusiness trip in Oklahoma.Dr. H. C. Burroughs is at Dry RidgeSprings for a ;short sojourn.Mr. and Mrs. B. b Goodman areguests of Mr. and Mrs. James McNamara. Mr. J. S. Mulligan, ot Nicholasville,is the guest of his daughter, Mrs. J.D. Redd". gggSSchool Shoes.getGo to Feld's andshoes tor boys, missesSatisfaction guraaoteed.your schooland children.tfCarpets and Rugs.Come to the carpet and rug store ifyou want something nice at reasonable prices. Large stock to selectfrom. No shop-worn patterns, all new.x J. T. HINTON.JL Ift j WALLCwuSuhtuaaM EHNATIONAL5c and 10c StoreSpecials onDAN COHEN,1 336 Main St., Paris, Ky.PAPER!This WeekWe WilS Save YouMoney.The Woman's Missionary Society ofthe Methudist church will give a Japanese tea on October 8.Miss Hazel Duvall. of Pariswas theguet of her cousin, Miss Maria Smith,from Saturday until Monday,Mrs. R. B. Wilson and children, ofCalifornia, Ky., are guests of hermother, Mrs. Amanda Mastin.Mr. and Mrs. M. P. Collier wereguests Saturday and Sunday of Mr.andMrs. R. M. Collier, in Mt. Sterling.Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Saunders andlittle son, Dunlap, have returned homeafter a visit to relatives at Circleville,Ohio.Mrs. Carl Meade fBest will give aluncheon Friday afternoon. November1, from one until four. She has madearrangements to meet all out of townguests who come on the noon trainwith automobiles. This gives ampletime to return heme on the 5:17 train.Mr. and Mrs. Aaron McConnell received a telegram Thursday evening,announcing the critical illness of herfather, Mr. C. H. Cooper, at Maysville. Mr. Cooper died Sundaymorning. Mr. ana Mrs. .,r. tsentieyand Mr. R. M. Caldwell attended thefuneral Monday.The Lexington High Sehuol defeatedM. M. I. Saturday in a hard fouehtgame the score being 13 to 0. It wasone of the finest games seen lately osthe local giounds, and Milleriburg'sdefeat was entirely due to' the excellent forward pass work and to a trickpass made in the last quarter, Neitherteam was able to score in the firstquarter while the fighting was largelyin Millersburg's territory. The secondquarter brought out some snappy workon both sides, Lexington finally putting over a forward pass for a touchdown. Lexington failed to kick thegoal, this ended the half. No scoringwas done in the third quarter, but MilJersburg made some sDlendid gains onstraight line bucks which brought theball within a yard of the goal line.Millersburg forfeited the ball to Lexington on a failure to make the fullten yards and the quarter ended. Lexington started the last quarter at oneend of the field and had almost reachedthe center when Hedges made a trickforward pass, gaining at least twentyfive yards. From then on it was hardfighting but Lexington finally forcedthe ball over for a touchdown in thelast three minutes of play and Hedgeskicked the goal ending the game. Insuch a game as this the loser deservesas much credit aa the winner 'and undoubtedly the result would have beendifferent had Millersburg gotten thebreak of luck.Paper Hangers Furnished.First-Class Work Done.National 5c and 10c StoreBoarders Wanted.J We Lead Lexington IIn Suits and Dresses at$25.00This special invitation is to inspect our great special showing of new Fall Suits and Dresses at $25. We are making a special feature of Suits and Dresses at $25 this season, as this seems to be a popular price with a great manywomen, and are showing a collection of Suits and Dressesthat we are confident cannot be matched elsewhere. Firstwe would like to have you shop around and see whatothers have to offer you for $25. You will then be in abetter position to appreciate what WE offer. We, on ourpart, have long since satisfied ourselves by a careful investigation and comparison that nothing like our Suits andDresses at $25 are to be had around town. Now weshould like to have YOU investigate. A recent purchaseof brand new models just received. ::::::::The Suits at $25Hero is an array to surprise and delight the most criticalSmart, distinctive Suits in a splendid variety of entirely new anddistinctive Fall models from one of the best manufacturers in thecountry are gathered for your selection. The coats show all thelatest features, including many smart points original with themaker.. The new Mackinaw coat suits with the four patch pocketeffect are espacially interesting. All coats are lined with guaranteed satin lining or silk peau de cygne and are finished with silkcovered shilds.The skirts of the suits show many plaited effects and are cutfuller and hang more gracefully than last season's styles.The Dresses at $25"Surely these can't be the $25.00 Dresses yon were talkingabout,'' you will exclaim when you see them; "why, how canyou do it for that money?'' Ah! that's our little secret.Here they are, the newest and most charming creations inafternoon, street. and evening dresses from a fashion house notedfor the high-class garments it produces.The distinctive new models reveal Fashion's every secret thenew modified Pannier, accordeon pleated, modified Robespierrecollars and beautiful draped effects. Come in and see them.Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lx,exington,jrCentuckuJSTOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES.Nicholas county farmers seem tobe holding their tobacco to sell overthe loose leaf breaks. Offers of $10 ahundred for numbers of crops are reported with most of the farmers declining. One buyer reports he hasmade a number of purchases in Woodford county from $10 to 12.50.The Pisgah and'Mt. Vernon GamePreserve Club, composed of prominentfarmers who own and control 9,000acres of land in the northeastern section of Woodford county, has been organized for the purpose of rearing andprotecting game and fish. This is saidto be the first game preserve established in Kentucky. The membersof the club propose seeing that thelaws protecting game and governingtrespassing aie strictly enforced.Col. Jack Chinn, who recentlv soldhis "Leonatus" stock faim in Mercereounty, has bought from Wm. Faircloth the "Munday" farm 100 acres atMunday's Landing and will remove toWoodford to live. The price paid was$55 an acre. Col. Chinn also boughtthe Faircloth general merchandisebusiness and stock of goods. Thefarm is situated on the Kentucky riverabout twelve miles southwest ot Versailles. It is directly opposite Col.Chinn's barytes and fluorspar mines inMercer county, which he has been operating for several years.Articles incorporating the Montgomery Loose Leaf Tobacco Companywere drawn in Mt. Sterling Friday.The company has leased the large Burley tobacco warehouse, and will holdsales beginning thejlatter part of Nojvemoer. Asa .Bean was elected president and general manager, John H.Blount secretary and Ben F. Marktreasurer. The tobacco crop is beingstripped out and is in excellent shape.A large per cent of it will belreadyfor the early market and it is estimated that more than two millionpounds will be sold at the early sales,as sellers heileve that the early market will be the best one as to securinghigh prices.THE FAIR!For Friday Only.Decorated Dinner Plates, 3 stylesto select from, a set of six for 50c.Decorated Cupsj and Saacers tomatch,, a set 50c.Nickel Plated Lamps, center draftburners, each 98c.Flour Pot Saucers, 6-inch size, 10ca dozen.Enameled Steel Pudding Pans, whiteporcelain lined, estra d.ep, each 10c.Heavy Carpet or Building Paper, 25yards in a roll, 29t.Food or Meat Choppers, open like abook, cleaned instantly, each 59c.Decorate.lScone Slop Pails, bailhandles and covers,, only 49c.Enameled Steel Slop Pails,all purewhite, extra large size, each 87c.Enameled Steel Chambers, all purewhite, extra large size, each 47c.Children's Ribbed School HoseGent's Black or Tan Hose, Ladies'Hose, all sizes,, good value, a pair 8c.THE PAIR.DEATHS.BROWN.Two nice front rooms for rent withor without board Electric lights,bath and all conveniences. Boarderspreferred. Apply to 227 Seventh24 3t RJMRS. CURRAN. 8Mrs. J. Morgan Brown, of EastParis, received a message Sunday telling of the death of Elmer Ray, agedten years, son of her brother, Mr.John Rav, at Ewing. The cause ofthe la's death was pulmonary tuberculosis. The burial will take placethis afternoon.LOST.On streets'of Paris ur at Alamo Theatre an amethyst pin. Return to theNews office or" MRS. THOS. ARKLE. -293t Ea3t Paris.Curtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AHHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Patronage Solicited.Suburban Home For Sale.We have for sale a small improvedplace on the Interurban line, just outside the limits of Paris. The propertycontains about two acris. has an abundance of all kinds of fruit, large garden, pasture and never failing water.Improvements consist of five roomhouse, pantvj, presses, concreted cellar, etc.; stable, servants cabin, andother outbuildings. House and stablelighted with electricity.This property has been listed v ithus for quick sale and can be bought atthe right price.McCLURE & CLENDENN,. 29 3t Real estate Agent .i -