V "JJ " -" - "vTHE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARC sVOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1912's - "MM&44104Sj$s4IS(Its(IS(USdtSass5ir-&3mEast Tcnn. Phone 288 Home Phone 130 IWhere Quality Counts inSterling SilverWeight, Fineness, Durability,Finish.Our display of Sterling Silver is the largest,finest, and more complete than ever shownin Paris. Goods of Quality only pleasingto the eye ornamental to the home practical for service.Prices the Very jCowestWe Cordially Invite Your Inspection of Our Displayof Sterling Wares, Novelties and NewFall Styles in Jewelry.IThe House of QualitySHIRE & FITHIAN.JsBe ProgressiveBy Paying Cash For Groceries.After Reading These Prices, ConsultYour Last Bills and See Where YouCan Save One-Third of Your PastLiving Expenses. ' : : : : : :17-lbs. Eastern Granulated Sugar ' $1.008 Bars Lenox Soap 25e6 Bars Octagon Soap 25c6 Bars Clean-Easy Soap 25cOld Reliable Coffee, per lb 30cSilver Seal Coffee, per lb 30cGood bulk Coffee, Santo's, per lb 25cFancy Dried Peaches, per lb .s 12 l-2cChoice Dried Peaches, per lb 10cBulk Mince Meat, per lb 10cPackage Mince Meat, per b-..- 8 l-3cNavy Beans, per lb 6cKidney Beans, per lb 8cMixed Beans, per lb 5cCracked Homney, per lb 3cWe Guarantee Weight and Quality.wMSI(Us(hEI FISHIN THE BOURBONNEWS GONIEST.r"WE KNOW HOW'v '3Imaginary Contestants With Tentacles Outstretched In EveryDirection to Grasp Millions ofVotes Don't Exist.ANOTHER BONUS OFFER.Now In Effect, If You WereAsleep at the Switch' ' Duringthe Other Bonus Offer, GetBusy and Make Up For It ThisWeek.A man once stood upon LondonBridge, round his neck was fastened atrav of sovereigns.which he was offering for sale at a price of a pennyapiece. All the afternoon he stoodthere without effecting a single saleuntil atfclength aworking man made apurchase of one of these coins thinking it would be an excellent toy for hischild. When he reached home he discovered the value of the coin and hastened back to buy more, but the vender had gone.In many parts of the territory of theNews' big prize campaign a similarstate of affairs prevails. Numerouscontestants will realize too late thechances they are literally throwingaway of possessing one of the valuableprizes offered by the News.Just think of il, there are over$1,200 worth of prizes waiting for owners and you may be the proud possessor one of themlby doing just a little pleasant work amonc youi friends.How long will it take the average person to save.enough'to buy a handsomefive passenger Studebaker TouringCai which the News i giving awayabsolutely free. Get out and win thatbeautiful automobile and your effortswill be worth from one to two hundreddollars a wepk for.the next few weeks.Just a little concentrated expenditureof energy and an automobile, a diamond ring or an Elgin watch is yours.Just get out of your head the bogeycontestant whom drones that won'twork in that district try to conjure upto prevent you from getting busy.. Jttakes the form of a Frankenstein monster, apparently built on the lines of adevil fish witn counttless tentacleswith 'which he gathers in millions ofimaginary votes. Don't worry abouthim he doesn't exist.;CLOTHESYou're GladTo WearClothes that look good when you buy themand look equally good after you've worn them.Clothes that are smart in style, out ftomworthy fabricsThat's What WeOffer YoueLarge assortment of Overcoats and RaincoatsFor Your Inspection.Stetson, Korrect Shape and Dr. Reed'sCushion Sole Shoes.JN. -Mitchell & Blakemore,IOutfitters to MenParis, KentuckyBLUSE R3BBON FLOUR25-Ib Sack SOc50-lb Sack $ 1 .551 OO-lb Sack . $3.1 Ofav.T. . LEMHAIN,Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234i .i&eiGet What You Pay Fore 3(jts - er jji v HnSHggHHgH7Kw) (ipWWmmmmmmm m mm mWMmmmS99JK iniiiiiiiimiiiiijnziiixnzn iniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiininiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiJMiiuiiiiiiiiiuniiiiiiiiiiiN 49FRANK & COSThe Store Where Reliability Reigns. 175"QSSli.mm-t$yTRAGOODGetting what youpay for, in style, fit,quality and satisfactionthas a job that's notalways easy when youstart out to buy Boy'sClothes.Get Your Next Boy'sSuit Here-Learn whatit means to patronize astore that sells satisfaction. You'll discover thatthere's no store that considers its customer'sprofit first, that gives allyou pay for.Boy's Suits, Ages7 to 17$5 to $10Wkmmmmw&ROBERT ROSEDistrict No. 1.Mr. Rose is one of the most popularand ambitious younc men in this city.He has hundreds of friends, not onlyin this city, but all a'ong the L. & ;H.railroad, and with their continued assistance it would not surorise us at allto see Mr. Rose in a position afterthe contest to takehis friendslautomo-bilinp.2$HIvz7ymmb?Z7tZ5PMPRi6E&60.GioiierSBmstsy;.kTES&6and Furnishers$8&&8&8M&mmmm. vrA V VAl. V3i. Af 99JVi;?esJeKSs3SSi;j!&iitZm HTlTT. I ! ! ITHIS WEEKS' BONUS OFFER.It is a big one and contestants shouldexert every effort to gather in all thesubscriptions possible. :Especially goafter the new subscriDtions and alsothe subscriptions in Millersburg andNorth Miridletown. 9,000 extra voteswill be given on every dollar's worthof new subscriDtions turned in beforeNovember 18 and 8,000 extra votes willbe given on every dollar's worth of oldsubscriptions turned in before thatdate. And as a special inducementwe will givt the same number of votesn'old subscriptions secured in NorthMiddletown and Millersburg as we doon new subscriptions.NEW VOTE LIMIT.Commencing today contestants willbe allowed to noil enough votes tomake4their standing 50,000 votes in advance of the leader in the precedingissue. For instance if the leading candidate in the last issue had 40,000votes you iwould be allowed to pollenough votes to make your standing50,000 votes above that of contestantor 90,000 votes in the next issue. Turnin the subscriptions as fast as you receive them and vote"ballots will be issued and returned t-j you so t that you(Continued on Page 8)Special SaleOna' 1EILadies' and Misses' SuitsMvery Suit in the HouseMARKED DOWN IOver 200 New and Up-to-Date Suits FromWhich to Make Your Selection$35.00 Suits, now - - - $24.7525.00 Suits, now - . -"' .- 19.7520.00 Suits, now - - -'- 14.751 5.00 Suits, now - - - - 10.95Norfolk Suits in Blue, Brown and BlackSerges .- 9.75Come Marly and Get ChoiceFRANK fc CO.,m. m. m.M m,M m.M. m. m. mm ? mzzSiinmmi!:iuimEiimiji)Kuin jfatftfi0P. o vsr-Jv' AP Sr3iF -t SF fcmmmmmmmmmmmmmmammmmmmmV&1 v 'is,&m&mkL.2sij.i&&t.UL-jfeLJTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOVEMBER 12, 1912JLif "d'I.MI )JOHN MUCK'SCELEBRATEDDRAUGHT BEERTHE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, XENTTJCKYTHEATRICAL.SWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classALWAYS ON TAPAll Brands of Bottled in Bond Goods.Private stock Whiskies, 8-year-old9 1 1Proof, $1 .OO per Quart.Bennie WeissbergOr.1Ladies and GentlemenYour FallArc Her1Established 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .$2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceI' They are new, seasonable and reasonable. The assortment is made upof the best styles of the world's bestShoe makers. The scope is so broadand the size ranges so complete youwill find your size in any make youdesireWe have also a full line of Misses',Children's and Boys' School Shoes inGun Metal, Patents and Tans,IGEO. McWILLIAMS,ADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar rnatl er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts."THE COUNTY SHERIFF." -Wee and Lambert will present atthe Pari' Grand Friday, November 15,their new version by Lern B. Parker,"The County Sheriff," a strong comedy drama in four acts. The play liasbeen entirely rewritten and this version is presented for the first time inthis city. The play is one of the Dakotas and deals with the efforts of theCounty Sheriff to break up a gang ofcattle thieves, and incidentally to winthe heart and hand of Melba. Esnecial attention i3 given to the stagingof this play. The second act showingDayton's ranch in the evening withthe mountains in the distance, with asmall camp, lights aglow, perchedhigh upon the mountain side and thesinging of the cowboys in the-distancenever fails to bring forth vociferousapplause at the rise of the curtain. Anew play, new comnany, new scenicproduction and new specialties andmany other features.HAPPY THO' MARRIED?There are unhappy married lives, but a large percentage c thcso cstuppyare due to the illness or trte wne, mctner or aaugnter. liie reeling c, the Deioeaea miau, uic lu-imuijcr, cue yi -aim w.wau iacc, aoitowThe right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.L.Phones 301The Shoe IVlanJvrrvlvlIV- . mbouroon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Street4Sft4We Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous for fine work and itdever goes heck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.nI!irt- WwTrust Breeder.The protective tariff is the directbreeder of trusts and therefore of highprices. The proof is easily marshaled.Suppose there are twenty-live men orcompanies engaged in the manufactureof a certain article of general use, anecessity. They find that by adding12 per cent of the amount each has investep to the production and sale costthey cau sell it at about $2.50. Competition between these manufacturerskeeps the price of that article to aboutthat. figure. Some financier down inwau street, eager to maKe a tew unearned millions by promotion, noticesthat there is a 40 per cent tariff onthi? sDecific article. Forty per centof $2.50 is $1. He calls a meeting ofthese twenty-five independent manufacturers and points out to them thatif they would consolidate all theirplants into one establishment underone ownership they could secure S3.50for the article for which they havebeen getting S2.50, because the tariffkeeps out foreign competition.We Are a Nation of Frog-Eaters.Frogs' legs, at which people turnedup their noses in disgust only a fewyears ago, have now become so popular an article of diet that no fewerthan 6,000,000 frogs a year are killedin Minnesota alone to supply the demand. The northwestern frogs arethe most delicate, but the biggest arethe southern bullfrogs. The latter arenot so sweet or tender as the former.homesnervousness.and circled eyes, result most often irom those disorders peculiar to woznen. Foethe woman to fca happy and good-looking efts must na.uraily have good heakh.Dragging-down feelinj-s, hysteria, hot-flashco or constantly returning pains andaches are too great a drain upon a vorzau'c vitality end strength. Dr. Pierce'sFavorite Prescription restores weak and sick voracn to sound health by regulating and correcting the local disorder which ar3 nsrally rocpossibb for thoabove distressing symptoms.I suffered greatly for a number oi ycara and for tna past threeveara was so bad that life was a misery to me," rnto3 Mrs. B. F. DkkOVER, of Utica. Ohio, Koutc 4. "The doccra told me I v.ouU Iiave toCo to a hospital before I would ever be better. A year co this winterand spring I was worse than ever before. At each period I suffered likeone in torment, I am the mother of sis children. I was so bad fofive months that I knew something must bo done, so I wrote to Dr. R. VPierce, telling him as nearly as I could how I suffered. He outlined a.course of treatment which I followed to the letter. I took two bottl.3of 'Favorite Prescription ' and one of Golden Medical Discovery ' and a'fifty-cent bottle of Smart-Veed, and have never suffered much since.I wish I could tell every suffering woman the world over what a boon,Dr. Pierce's medicines are. There i3 no use wasting, tuns and mczeydoctoring with anything else or any one else."The Medics Adviser by R. V. Pierce, M, D., BcSa!i,N. Y., answers hosts of delicate questions about whicaevery woman, single or married ought to know. Sent fret;on receipt of 31 staraps to pay for wrapping and mailing only.&2. t11 mmMR3. Dickovss..hiff"50?STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES.W...........ll............:i"CT fll K!9i littt I'll ilWr"! f "" J rr'-2f a .V'",jvf'.t- li ? . ...i- -'n. rSl-r'PMc-" -IRoads to Pay Part ol Taxes.An important incident of the meeting of the County Judges and CountyAttorneys was the agreement by railroads that the counties, cities and taxing districts will receive from theroads between S125.000 and $150,000 oftheir franchise taxes, pending litigation over the excess above the 1911 assessment. County Attorneys and Judges fromnearly half the cuunties in the statemet Friday afternoon in the hall ofthe House of Representatives atFrankfort and after discussing a halfdozen resolutions and amendments concerning the part the counties shalltake in the suits of the railroads to enjuin the collection of franchise taxesunder the increased assessment, adopted a resolution complimenting the taxing board and the Attorney Generaland recommended thac the latter askthe Governor to employ additionalcounsel in the cases.This was not the initial purpose ofthe meeting, and at the time they hadsubmitted before them a propositionsubmitted by Justus Goebel that thecounties of the state employ John L.Rich, of Covington, in the case, together with other tax experts to beretained by the committee appointedfor that nurpose and composed of Gov.McCreary, Attorney General Garnettand Hon.C. M. Clay, of Paris, JamesRichardson, of Barren county and Jus-! tus Goebel. A resolution to submitthe proposition to the fiscal courtswas voted down before adjournment.The meeting was presided over byJudge Denis Dundon, President of theKentucky County Judges and AttorneysA ssociation. The session convened in the Capitol Hotel but adjournedto the House of Representativeswhere it lasted until 6:30 o'clock.Incident to the meeting representatives of the Q. & C.m. & 0."and L. &N, assured the attorneys and judgesthat their roads were ready to sendvouchers for their franchies taxes bas-Ricketts & McCormick, of Mt.Sterlingsold to V. L. SKuler the fouryear old trotting stallion, Peter McCormick, by Peter the Great PearlCecil Wilkes, for $3,500. He startedten times this year and won six timesand was second the other four.The Stock Record of Chicago sajs:"Kentucky is sending more cattle tothe Chicago market this season thanfor a great many years. The mainreason is that relatively higher pricesare being'paid here for choice to Drimecattle than at the eastern markets, thelatter receiving more cattle than theycan reallv take care of. Chicago willlikeh continue to pay relatively better nrices than the eastern marktsfor finished cattle, although Kentuckywill continue to send those of a plainer beef class eastward. On Wednesday of last week Clay, Robinson &Co.. Chicago obtained the record priceof 9.50 for Kentucky fed yearling cattie, the sale comnrising 47 westrngrade Herefords of 900 pounds average. These cattle were bought on theKansas City market as feeder calvesOctober last at $6 averaging 412pounds. The cattle were fed by JohnW. Hall & son, of Georgetown, Ky.,and were marketed by J. A. Hamon,of the same place.Home of Spruce Beer.A popular beverage on the islandsof St. Pierre and Miquelon, particularlarly among the bank fishermen, isspruce beer. The neighboring Newfoundlanders probably introduced thisdrink among the French. It has beenbrewed in Newfoundland from a veryearly period.May Sue to Recover.v. ,t5..??23 SiKOTES9bPm QM m BiLSr m mJm m$& $ ?sgtsi bh zxzmL m: TBk Eii r i i H I t f 'i 3kmTr7,r?.tt. r a ' g iii'i ivMm '-VMfflMri w ymrjmmifd ;n tfij&wfw'.w' , h,dGHXETALH9NGLESLAID RIGHTOVERDID WOODSHINGLES2. No dirt no bother, and when oncelaid they make a thoroughly storm-proofand fire-proof roof, neither of which canbe claimed for the wood shingle.As to price they cost no more than agood wood shingle, and in some places they cost much less.Roofs put on 26 years ago are as good as new today, and have never needed repairs.For Sale by Miller & Best, Millersburg, Ky.g) s2SfSSfsga&2mS2St.THE BESTNo Clinkers. 1 per cent ash.Lots of Heat.Dodson & DentonPARIS. KY.CSSSZS3TASK THE FARMERSuits probably will be institutedagainst many sheriffs in Kentuckywho have been taking fees out ofschool taxes collected by them. Inspectors have reported to the Department of Education that this practiceis not uncommon and Superintendenthsarksdale Hamlett said last week thathe believed several thousands of dollars can he rennvprpd fnr thp iiqp nf!the state school fund. The Sheriff is w0 jias one what wonders the Cumberland Telephone works forentitled to ten per cent of. the first I5,000 he collects and 4 per cent of thebalance; but the Court of Anneals has fheld that none of this may come of the!school tax, which must be turned in Jintact, and the Sheriff must take his ifee out of the county funds. It is re- iported that in some counties theschool fund is being made the "goat"and the Sheriffs are taking all of thefirst ten per cent out of it. the countyfund profiting thereby.Willing to Do Anything.A little girl, now a famous artist,long ago was caught using her crayonson Sunday. As the forbidden joyswere taken from her she sobbed out:"Mamma, do let me have them. I'lldraw a church an' a a graveyardif you will!"1.2,3.Teachers' Salaries Delayed.School teachers of the state will notreceive the second installment of theirsalaries for several weeks.The second installment should havebeen sent to the city school boards andcounty superintendents Saturday buttherejs not sufficient money in thetreasury to the credit of the schoolfund to pay them, and State Superintendent" Hamlett has recommendedthat where it is possible local boardsborrow' money and pay the teachers.The first installment for the cityschools was sent out last vitk aggregating 95,500.45. At the beginningof November there was in the schoolfund 216.287.95. This pavment reduced the." fund to $120,667.50. Thewarrants drawn for the second install-Ok Agricultural Bank of; Paris.Capital$100,00.00Surplus$67,500.00Protection$267,500.00cept receipts for part payment untilthe disposition of the suits now pending. It was this question that had led tothe meeting. While all the roads except the Illinois Central had paid intothe state what they considered theyowed, based on the 1911 assessment,they enjoined the auditor from certifying the assessment to the counties,and consequently deprived the latternf anv revenue from franchises.The following resolution was adopt- nient called for $407,000.ed by the Association witn some dissenting votes on motion of CountyAttorney J. C. Duffy, of Christian :"Resolved, That we, the CountyJudges and Countv Attorneys of thisCommonwealth assembled, heartily approve and endrose the action of theState Board of Valuation and assessment m placing on the great corporations of the state, enjoving valuablefranchises a just share of their burdenof taxation and we commend their actto the'neople of the State as constituting", the greatest tax reform ofmany years, and while we entertainthe very highest regard for the abilityof the Attorney General and his assistants, and Jonn L. Kich, of Covington,we are unwilling that any lack otcounsel on behalf of the State shouldendanger the case, and we recommendto the Attorney General and to theGovernor that more eminent counselbe emoloyed."! sNational Election Aftermath.Illinois with 29 votes and Californiawith 12. were added to Wilson andMarshall by late returns Thursday.The Democratic ticket wins in Illinois,since the election accredited to Roosevelt by over 15,000 plurality, while theGolden Gate State waverme betweenthe two, was placed in the Wilson column by several hundred vote3, with afew Democratic districts to hear from.The Senate is Democratic by one majority if none of the remaining statestobe heard from elects Democrats.With the President, Senate andHouse of Representatives in harmonythe Democrats soon will begin planning to make good their reform promises. The Democratic leaders of theHouse declare a special session of thenew Congress wiU be largely devotedto the passage of appropriation bills.him. He will reply:Sells My Products 4. Protects the HomeGets Best Prices 5. Helps the HousewifeBrings Supplies 6. Increases Profits7. Pays J? or ltseli Uver ana uverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet.For information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporatedInsure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfNEWBARBERSHOPISome Good AdviceTo the People.Don't sell your old feathers until you find out the prices, Youcan call us and we will look atyour feather, or if you live inthe counrry send us a sample. Iwill let you know what they areworth. Some old feathers if theyhave been well cared for are asgood as new. We pay marketprice for new feathers.MAX MUNICH,8th Street,Call East Tenn.PARI?, KY.Phone 374Be Kind Today.Never, never "wait for post-mortempraise. Speak the kind words whichlove prompts, and remember thatwords of loving kindness are the bestpossible tonic which can be given,even to the happiest of the mortals.Kate Tannatt Woods.Windsor Hotel.Modern Equipment,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDProfessional CardsJ J. WIIililAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.itoom 1 Elks JBuildine.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones j l1-D . , S E. T. 334.Residence Home 334.DR. A. tt KELiIiER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'CC?Paris - -. - KentuckyJ' -,'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOVTMBER 12,1912gpn jmfSEg5-gs-"g- urnnfflfmfifmfmfmfKJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Bone Good!xsTRE JQB R0OfflS OfTHERB0NWADE GOOD "AD" AFTER 'ALLComment of Physician Seems to Contain a Reflection on the Curiosity of the Woman.Physicians as a rule are strongly opposed to published advertising. Thisaversion is founded on an old rule ofmedical ethics and is carried to theextreme of making a doctor whobreaks it an object of suspicion in theeyes of his fellow practitioners.Apropos of this, is the story vhichBr. W. H. Hill told on himself, theother day."My wife got me into an awful fix,"Dr. Hill declared. "You see, she wasone of the women appointed or electedat her church to solicit advertising fora benefit cook book. She knew nothing of what a crime it is for a physician to break into print and merelyto show that her heart was in thecause, inserted my card with those ofmerchants, dyers and cleaners andothers. "When, the book came out, Mrs.Hill brought me the first copy off thepress and proudly pointed out my advertisement. I will admit that I wassomewhat excited. I went immediately to the publishing house and for aconsideration got him to paste a whitepiece of paper over the space allottedto me in every book. When I returned home I was immensely satisfied with my forethought and my sacrifice to the proper thing in practice."Witness what happened a day or twolater."I met a friend in the profession, onthe street and he began to smile whenhe saw me."YvTell, what tickles you?" I inquired." 'I will have to give it to you, youare mighty clever,' the doc said bantcringly. 'The idea of pasting a blankshp over your ad so the women ofjour church would be bound to seeit!"' Kansas City Journal.FEARED SAVAGERY OFNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOG ,PGSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Wild Creatures in Panic When HumanBeings Turned Lccce Their Destructive Weapons.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.During the Civil War a correspondent of the Cincinnati Commercialwrote a book entitled, "Rosecrans'Campaign with the Fourteenth ArmyCorps." As a record of personal observation, set down while the stirringevents were still fresh in the writer'smemory, the book has extraordinaryinterest.Among other engagements, theauthor tells the story of the Battle ofMurfreesboro or Stone River, whichwas fought in a wooded and thinly settled country. The wild creatures orthe place were frightened by thestorm of shot and the roar of thegreat guns a fact that leads theauthor to describe one of the mostcurious spectacles ever seen upon abattle field.The men of the Fourteenth Corpswere waiting behind a crest, when abrace of frantic wild turkeys, so paralyzed with fright that they were incapable of flying, ran between thelines and tried to hide among themen.But the frenzy among the turkeyswas not so touching as the exquisitefright of the smaller birds and rabbits.When the roar of battle rushedthrough the cedar thickets, flocks ofbirds fluttered and circled above thefield in a state of utter bewilderment,and scores of rabbits fled for protection to our men lying down in line onthe left, nestled under their coats andcrept under their legs in utter distraction. They hopped over the fieldlike toads, as tame as household pets.Many officers witnessed the spectacle, and all said it was unique intheir experience. Youth's Companion.Ever See a Frog's Nest?In Brazil there exists a species oftree frog (Hyla faber) which constructs in the water a curious nest,or fortification, to protect its eggsand its young from the attacks of fish.Starting at the bottom of a pond, themother frog erects a circular, tubelike wall of mud, which, at the top projects above the surface of the water,where it bears some resemblance tothe crater of a miniature volcano.In the water thus enclosed the eggsare laid, and when they have hatchedout the young frogs are secure fromenemies until they are able to takecare of themselves. In the meantimethe parents remain in the neighborhood as if on guard.tin Bourbon Hews,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.lumutmuuiWhich Do You Choose to Be?If gentle speech and kindly viewsof life and people, if attractive manners and sympathetic and loving habits of thought are to obtain in old age,they must be practiced in early life.We do not suddenly become transformed. The critical, fault finding, carping,severe old woman is a creature to beavoided by men, women and children.The kindly, patient, companionableold lady is a joy and a comfort to allwho know her.Which type do you think you havebegun to emulate?It is only a little step from youth, tomaturity. Exchange.SuitiTOOj UNIONWe Also DoDYECLEANING,PRESSING,REPAIRING.BestWcrkGuaranteed.warnfc.U'.HLBJinKcrrwm --iiaBIBsmBIBsinBISjaiaCISDIIwisaimBIBfiiiGIBINgna,'-vill srfe:siiH!!IBIBmmiain:IDRIBIBBIBBinSibBIBBIBIBIBKIDEJIBBIBBigSiaBIBmmmTIjobhs Bros..!lUmmZlSBlZmZlUwnaiasimimwmtlWBiBHtBataua.3;SI53i55i3ii55i5aiaBIBnigBIB11''MflHBaMIBtfl ) 'Mat flHHft 4fHBHBHHBKi a--W "7iT 77771jew Loai yardHave opened a Coal Yard at the Dow2 Stand on North Main Street.I Rich Mountain GoalI Kentucky Jem CoalLast longer and furnishes a greater amountof heat than other coals.O. R. TURNER,ft Opp. Hotel Windsor Dow Building E. T. Phone 58 ftWkWKOSEY IX TRAPPING."V7a tell yea bow scd "pay best price. Writfor Tveeciy price unand tef erencei .H.SABEL&SONSwnwavtt iv irv iDealers In Furs, Hides. Woo! FURSThe Young Idea.Teacher '"What is a weathervane?" Pupil "Why why, it's achicken on a rcof." Judge.New Street Car Schedule.SCHEDULE OF THE PARIS CITYCAR IN EFFECT OCT. 1, 1912.LeaveCourt House6:4o7:157:458:158:459:159:4510:1510:4511:1511:4512:051:151:452:152:453:153:454:154:455:156:00a. m.a. in.a. m.a. m.a. m.a. m.a. m.a. m.a. m.a. m.a. m.p. m.p. m.p. m.p. m.p. m.P.p. m.m.in.m.m.m.LeaveStation No 557:00 a. m.7:30 a. m.8:00 a. m8:30 a. m.9:00 a. m.9:30 a. m.10.00 a. m.10:30 a. m.11:00 a.m.11:30 a. m.11:55 a. m.12:20 p.m.1:30 p. m.2:00 p. m.2:30 p.m.3:00 p. m.3:30 p. m.4:00 p.m.4:30 p. m.5:00 p.m.5:30 p. m.6 :15 p. m.Pound!Gold link cuff button; initial. Owner can have same by proving propertyand paying charges. Apply at thisofnee.JO. J - C"W tNew Shoe ShineParlors.Ed. ParkerThe popular Elevator Boy andJanitor at the AgriculturalBank, has opened a Shoe-ShiningParlor in the hallway of theBank and will be glad to waiton the public in this section ofthe city.Your Patronage Is Solicited.TREESFruit and Ornamental.Shrubs, Asparagus, Rhubarb. Peonies, Roses, Phlox, etc. No agents.Growers of what we sell. Free catalogue. H. F. HILLENMEYER & SONS.11 lm Lexington, Ky.Special RatesLow Round Trip Homeseekers TicketsTo points in Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi, Arizona, Arkansas,Missouri, New jMexico, Oklahoma.Texas and Kansas on sale first andthird Tuesday of each month, returnlimit 2d days from date of sale.Round trip "Winter Tourist iickets toall principal winter resorts in theSouth on sale Oct. 15th to April 30th,1913, final return limit May 3lst, 1913,For further information, apply toW. H. HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, T. A.itRoxie" Davis !CIk Insurance JfoentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies,Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137Wanted to Learn Music in a Hurry.Some years ago the Jones familyhad an old organ which had been discarded by the young people of thefamily, and they sold it to a Germanfamily living near by. A few daysafter the sale one of the little GermanGirls came to the house and askedto see the young lady of the house.Upcn her going to the door the littlegirl said: "Mother wants to know ifyou can come over this afternoon andteach Annie to play on the organ, aswe are going to have company tomorrow?"FLANDEHSA , 4--, 7, ? f o T7-TUT-T? iU. t-XA--- Jk.fi il.i-.-...- JUIJL'AA tfcV ? fsSWiOo ?AodeCsYou Want the BestNot the Cheapest"- .xKT'f- ?j' '-" ZK. !iiCi2it-Oiri ..u itcuusLer, iooDorrt be alarn:cd if concdy toils you you can buy an automobilefor less money than the $750 Svjdebairer-Flanders "20." You can, butyou better not. The Flanders "20" corresponds point by point with thebest and highest priced cars sold. Cheaper cars at every vital point arebuilt on ideas long s.o discarded for good cars. Don't tahc our word forit. Make comparisons and see.The Studebaker-Flandcrs "20" is a marvel a high grade modern carat a low price. If you pay less i ou buy much less. And the cheaper cartoday will cost you far more in the long r jn. The competing car isn'tsold which the Studebaker Corrcration, the g-catest automobile manufacturers in the world, couldn't reproduce for less money; but we won'tbuild a cheap car, because the name "Ctudebakcf" means the best foryour money.If you are content with a car thct runs today and dies tomorrow,don't buy the $750 Flanders "20." It will wear for years. Rememberthis the Studebaker-Flanders "20" will outwear 2 to 1 any other carunder $1100 and give you double satisfaction, ccnudince and comfortinto the bargain.Wc ccn vrctc icnd fcr nczv cztczloguergourbon Garage & Sopply Company.Lp &&&2&M1A J.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOVEMBER J2, 1912.oeAMUSEMENTS.The motion pictures of Paris madeunder the supervision of the ParisGrand, will be exhibited at !this theatre Wednesday and Thursday nights.Pictures were made of the City School,the Catholic school, the fire department, railroad shops, newspaper offices,street scenes in Paris on court day andmany other interesting scenes. Thestreet scenes are especially guod andcontain many amusing incidents. Asthere was a very large crowd on thestrett last court day, many of the cityand country people will be suiprised tosee themselves on the picture canvaswakling with and talking to theirfriends the same as if it were real.Pictures of this kind should prove veryinteresting for an hour's "entertainment. Another good picture is thatof the High School Band in a concertin front of the National' Bank Building. In connection with this picture willbe shown another of equal interest,namely, "The Catholic FederationParade" at Louisville. Ky. This parade was pronounced by people whosaw it as having been the most spectacular affair of its kind ever seen inLouisville. There will also be oneother picture, the'name of which hasnot been learned. This will make ashow of two feature'pictures of localinterest and one regular release.The doors will be opened at 6:45o clock and the show will start at 7o'clock and two, probably three showswill be given.On Thursday there will be onechange of pictures, the local pictureand the parade picture being kepi onthe program.For Thirty Days Only.Free Photos of the babies taken byMr. Grinnan at Doty's. No sittingsmade after 3 p. m.The Paris Grand.wedpiiaiili" mm!),Motion Picturesof ParisTaken on Last Court DayAlso the Catholic FederationParade at Louisville.Admission, - 10c66See Yourself asVictor-Victrola X$75tFour new styleVictor-Victrolasvt . .m " r m, a it. jh vmCl vnJKaBfo i kJJ 'H iVictor-VictroIaXIV$150'r,:,mm&M: . PUUWonderful are the improvements made inthese four jtiew style Victor-Victrolas.One of the most wonderful things about themis that there has been no increase, in ftri&e.Come in and see and hear these new instruments. We'll gladly demonstrate them to youat any timeOther styles $i$ to $50. Victors $10 to .$100.Terms to suit your convenience if desired. 4AxDAWHERTT BROS.Lecture to be Repeated.Prof. W. M. Martin delivered a lecture at the court house in this citySaturday afternoon on the subject."Modern Child Life." The attendanceJon thisoccasion was very small andowinc to this fact the lecture will berepeated next Saturday. Prof. Martinis an able lecturer and is well deserving of a large crowd next Saturdayafternoon.Special.Your initial on white and gold chinadinner plate or cud and saucer, 75c.12 2t ' FORD & CO.Wall Paper.The'largest and best stock of wallDaper in Central Kentucky to selectfrom, ranging in price from the cheapest to the handsomest that can be hadany place. Expert decorators thatwill give satisfaction. Work guaranteed. J. T. HINTON.Game Law Is Out Friday.The hunting season in Kentucky 'willopen on Friday, November 15, and itwill be a wise move on the part ofthose who contemplate a hunt to secuie their'license before the .time expires. Every hunter must have inhis possession a license or he will beliable to prosecution under the newgame laws of the State. Mr. J.Quincy Ward, Chairman of the StateFish and.Game Commission, has notified Mr. James Gibson, game wardenof Bourbon county, that every precaution should be taken to see that allhunters are provided with license andany violations coming to his knowledgeshould be handled promptly. The recent arrest of two men by the Bourbon game warden, indicated that heintends to enforce the law withoutfear or favor.Others See You.55Victor-Victrola XIrVictor-Victrola XVIArtstvsPf"J$100l iHmInIi II Dllillall!FillMllEfiirMiW INKill illDisastrous Wreck Near Paris.A disastrous wreck occurred at Bedford Station, two miles south of Paris,at about ten o'clockFridav night whenLouisville and Nashville northboundpassenger train No. 32, known as the"Florida Limited." from Jacksonville,running four hours behind its scheduled time, crashed into an open switch,killiiiK one man, badly injuring twoothers, all train empIoyeB, and painfully though not seriously injuring adozen of the pasengers.Engineer James Lemony, of Covington, was killed at his post of duty,when his engine turned over upon him,crushing out his life. His body wasrecovered a short time after the wreckoccurred.Fireman James Hendy, of Cynthiana, was thrown across the boiler andbudly scalded by escaping steam before he was taken from his perilcusposition.The third person injured was HarveyJones, a colored chef on the dining car,who was badly cut about the face andhead when he was hurled against theside of the car, dishes and cooking implements falling upon him.The force ot the impact tore a number f seats in the coaches from theirfastenings and hurled the DaisengerBfrom their Beats. Window panes weresmashed and in this way several received severe cuts and bruises, none ofthem being serious and they were ableto proceed on their journey.The news of the wreck reached thiscity about 10:30 o'clock, and thewrecker and reiief train was hurriedto the scene, i'racticallv everv physician in the city was summoned, as thefirst report was that there had been agreat loss or life and a score or morehad been injured. The dead and injured wera brought to Paris on the relief train which arrived there aboutone o'clock Saturday morning.The body of Engineer Lemons, atthe instance of Coroner Rudolph Davis,was moved to the undertaking establishment of lieo.YV . Davis, where itwas prepared for burial and was sentto his home in Covington Saturdayafternoon.JAt Bedford where the wreck occurredthere is a temporary switch whichsupplies the construction camp ofHough & Soradling with material inthe construction of a section of thedouble track between Paris and Winchester. It was this switch that hadbeen opened and the fast train thundering along at a high rate of speedwith a view ofjnaking the steeD gradeat this point.It is evident that Engineer Lemonshad no time to realize his mistake until he saw his big locomotive swervefrom the main line and crash into thefreight car on the siding loaded withtelephone poles. The force of the impact was so great that it threw theengine entirely around, and as itsettled it fell over on its side, carrying Lemons to his death beneath it.The mail, express car and baggagecars and two dav coaches left thetrack, the trucks being torn from beneath them and piled beneath the firstcoach. The car on the siding was reduceed to splinters and a twisted massof iron, while the first two coacheswere telescoped. The Jdining car, parlor car and sleeper were only slightlydamaged.The disovery that the lantern fromthe switch stand had disappeared, andthe later discovery of the switch lock,broken as if by some heavy instrument near the scene of the accidenthave led the officials to believe thatthe almost complete destruction of the! train was the result of a train wrcekjer. A rigid investigation is being conducted and secret police and detectiives are at work on the case. It isexpected that within the next fewI days arrests will be made, buspectsare already under surveillance.Although there is no reason assignedfor the wrecking of the train it hasbeen suggested that the accident wasthe work of former emioyes of theroaa wno nem some grievance, wnneanuiner tneory is roouery. ne jauer,according to the police here, is probable, but the would-be robbers, seeingthe extent of iho crime, fled withouttrying to carry out their original purpose. Engineer Lemons, who lost his lifein the wreck, was evidently thoughtful of the passengers in his chargeand when the heavy,train left the mainline andfplunged into the siding, applied the emergency brakes insteadof making an effort to save his life.According to a statement of FiremanHendy, he was unable to distinguishany light at the point where the temporary track entered on the main line,and that he was on the lookout for thesignal.The heroic efforts of the engineerprobably saved the lives'of a hundredpassengers on the tiain. Accordingto passengers there was a Jsuddenthundering of the trucks as if theemergency brake had been thrown onwith all force, and then came theshock which threw them all from1 their seats, and for a few minutes a1 panic ensued among the passengers.Among the passengers were a num! ber of Parisians, all of whom escaped1 without injury. Several travelincrj men stated it was the worst wreck1 they ever saw for so few to be injuredj and to cause the death of only oneI man. The train was in charge ot Con! ductor Everett Sorrel, of Covington,I formerly of Paris, who after the crashtook the situation into hand and withthe assistance of other trainmen suc-1 ceeded in calming the passengers andsummoned assistance.EWinoovT.omnn mhn m Qf h;a nfv,""e"'1 .., iriiu. ixi u u ucainin such a heroic manner, was found afew minutes after the wreck occurred,beneath the wreckage of his cab. Hishead had been crushed bv a heavy toolbox which was thrown aeainst him bythe imnact. His body was burned byecsaping steam and his features werealmost obliterated. It was found thathis watch had stopped at 10 :03.The dead man was formerly of Parisand moved to Covmeton about sevenyears ago. where he has since resided.His wife was the daughter of Mr.JameH Hicksor, who is engaged in thetobacco business in this city. Shewss notified of the death ot her husband early Saturday morning.Early Saturday morning the wrecking crew from this city went to thescene with the large wrecking crane toclear the wreckage, the main line having been opened for traffic during thenight. The wrecking crew Saturdaysucceeding in getting all of the coachesupon trucks, that they could be sent toPatrick D. Shea Dies Suddenly.Patrick D. Shea, aged about seventyyears, died suddenly at his home onWalker avenue in this city at oneo'clock yesterday afternoon from anattack of heart trouble. His deathwas entirely unexpected and a greatshock to his relatives and friends.Mr. Shea had been complaining sinceSunday but his condition was notthought to he serious and no alarmwas felt by his family. Saturday hewas down town and was in his usualgood health and spirits.Sunday he complained of feelingbadly and yesterday about noon toldthe members of his family that hewould go to his room and lie down.A short time before he was out in theyard at his home.About one o'clock his son, Mr. Robert Shea, went to his room to call himfor dinner, when he found he had expired. The members of the familywho were in the down stairs rooms,heard no soundsof a struggle and itis evident he passed away without theslightest agony.Mr. Shea was a native of Irelandand was born in the county of Kerry.His mother died in the old countryand with hiB father he emigrated toAmerica in 1852. He settled in NewYork with his parent and later cameto Kentucky. He attended school uBourbon countv and it was here thathe spent his early days.As a boy he became an apprenticein a harness shop and completing thetrade moved to Carlisle where he wasengaged in the harness business andprospered as a result.About twenty years ago he moved toParis with his family where he hassince resided. AtIie outbreak of theCivi War Mr. Shea cast his fortuneswith the South and entered the service in the command of General JohnH. Morgan, a member of Company B.,Fourth Kentucky Cavalry, servinguntil his capture, when he was confined in the Federal prison at Johnson's Island. During the eighteenmonths of his incarceration he endured untold hardships and frequentlytold of his dreadful experiences in theloathsome prison.Mr. Shea is survived by his wife,three sons and two daughters Mr.Chas. Shea, of Cincinnati, Robert andJames Shea, of Paris, and Misses Margaret and Ellen Shea, who residedwith their parents.At a late hour last night the funeralarrangements had not been completedbut they will bejield some time Wednesday. Cheese.A full and complete stock of importedand domestic cheese. . Any kind youmay call for.8 2t SAUER.SHAWHAW ITEMS.Mr. Snell Mocre, of Lexington, isvisiting Mr. J. W. Doty.Mr. and Mrs. Rufe Hall, of Cvnthiana. visited friends here last week.Miss Julia Lail has as her guest,Mrs. Hettie McMillan, of Lexington.Mr. Barton Rogers, of Cincinnati,was the guest of Mr. John Ewalt lastweek.Mrs. Will Sauer, of near Paris, visited her sister, Miss Laura Ganer.i who is very ill, la?t week.I Mr. George Sherley, of Hudson, O.,formerly bookkeeper for the GraceConstruction Co. at this place, irotored through here Wednesday enroute toLouisville to be the guest of Mr. L.vleDuvall.Mrs. John Doty entertained Wednesday evening of last week with a beautiful dinner party at her home nearShawhan in honor cf Mr. and Mrs.Sam Ewalt. Enjoying the hospitalityof the occasion were Mr. and Mrs.Harry Minter, of Paris; Mr. and Mrs.JoeSSmith, Misses Margaret McClure,j isabelle Merrimee, Ruth Tate, FannyMCC hire. K ttv and Bess Ewalt.Messrs Billy Blevins, Glenn Walker.Guzy Stevens. Ed and Taylor Doty andOscar Hubbert.MATRIMONIAL.The following 'handsomely engraved announcement have been received :"Miss Carolyn Louise Frank announces the marriage of her sistpr,Helen, and Mr. Walter Culp Browningon Wednesday. November the sixth,nineteen hundred and twelve. Paris,Kentucky. At home after Decemberthe first, Cleveland. Ohio.Mr. Samuel Mcintosh and MissM&ry Burton, both of this county,were married yesterday by JudgeDenis Dundon in his private office inthe court house.BIRTHS.Born, in this city, Saturday, tothe wife of Cleveland Sammons, a son.Mr. Sammons resides on Eighth street.Rev. Ligon to Continue Charge.Rev. J. W. Ligon. pastor of the.North Middletown Christian church,I who two weeks ago tendered his resigi nation to the officers of the church andmembers of the congregation, will continue in the pastorate of the church.I The action of Rev. Ligon is the resultj of a vote of the congregation taken atI the church at the services Sunday.1 The matter was taken up at theI meeting and the unanimous verdict of, tne memDers or me cnurcn was to, a. . .I make an effort to have the pastor re-consider his former action, and whenI it was presented to him he decided toj remain in charge of the church foranother year.Rev. Lison'is one of the .most popular ministers of the gospel in thiscounty, and during the several yearsof his charge at the North Middletownchurch has made a host of friends, notonly in the community in which he reBides, but with the members of thechurches throughout the county.the repair shops.Sunday the engine was raised, placedon the track and set in the Southyards. It will be sent to the Louisville shops to be rebuilt. Hundreds ofParis people went to the scene of thewreck Sunday afternoon to watch theraising or the large locomotive andview the place wheredisastrous wrecks onred.one of the mostthe road occur-anaaMBiaiHMii 'I Special PurchaseWomen's and Misses' Newest Falland Winter Tailored Suits at$20 and $25These garments were secured from one of America'slargest and best tailoring establishments, who neededspot cash more than the goods.You'll have good reason to congratulate yourself ifyou're one of the lucky women who'll take advantage ofthis one-in-a-great while opportunity. These garmentsare all new, perfect and without a flaw. They come inthe most approved models and in a variety of patternsand colors that will easily enable you to find your favorite-ifyou come early enough. The range of fabrics include: Finest Diagonals, Heavy andMedium Weights, Bedford Cords,Chiffon Broadcloths, ScotchMixtures and CheviotsIn order to make this sale as comprehensive as possible we shall include some of the best models from our regular stock models that are marked up to $27.50 go in at$20, and those marked up to $35 go at $25.Here are the season's best styles newest colorsmost desirable fabrics!These special prices enable you to save from twentyto thirty-five per cent, right at the beginning of theseason.Better come reasonably early and choose from unbroken assortments.fFormerly Kaufman, Straus &. Cc.c,exmftonjLMen are becoming more critical in their shoe buying. Theyarc coming to realize that thereis a big difference in shoes.Some shoes are stylish, but oh,the torture of wearing themlOthers are comfortable, butshapeless. In Ralston Shoesyou find both styleand comfort.Ralston footmoulded lastsmake it possible to corn-Sine the twoin a way topleaseyou.i J J. H. Josselsen l ij$fejHI TBSSSJT "XM wk WIPtjlTdIioOPSmall Tract of Well-Improved Land!On Thursday, November 21,9129afc 11 a. m., on the preiiiisep, I will sell to the highest bidder, ruy place ofTabout 10 acres of land with improvements, situated 5 miles from Paris, onthe Redmon pike.The improvements consist of a frame residence of 6 rooms, cellar, No. 1cistern, pool, tobacco barn 40x120. and all necessary outbuildings, all ingood repair. It is well fenced and hasThe land is all deep, rich soil, very productive and admirably adaptedfor a market garden. It is on a good road, in a sp.endid neighborhood andan ideal little home.Anyone in the market for a small placs should not fail to see this one.TERMS Made known on day of sale.M. H. JACOBS.For further information address Harris &,Speakes. Paris, Ky.12-3t - -.,..' GEOVD. SPEAKES, A uch -and Sale of IJnTeniiickiJJ. H. JosselsoiThe PopuIarPrice Storeof This City.Vatue For Every Dollar YottiPay-That is the Way WeAre Doing BusinessHere.We Can Satisfactorily Fit YonFrom Head to Foot.Suits and Overcoats $7.50,.$10 and $12.50.Cannot be Duplicated for 15 to $20Elsewhere.Ralston HealthPeter's Diamond BrandReed's Cushion SoleShoes,Money Refunded if Goods.AYeNot Satisfactory.715-717 Main St.,PARIS, KENTUCKY1H0p? ww bt wsome fruit frees.3.1 A1' V-y'--'hjf -x- ,- -jo VrTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOVEMBER 12, 19121$ BOURBON NEWS.(MJJALWAYS HAS THE BESTOr rvrRYTMiMGFree Before 3 P. M.j- Grinnan will take photos of therl t free at Doty's Studio for thebsldays. JNO sittings alter a p.ITGenuine Sorghum.have just received a fresh lot ofume Big Sandy Sorchum.G. P. COOK.tieCottage Sold.. P. Hume, of this citv, soldVveek to Mr. M. A. Gahal, his fivex fatne cottage on Pleasant street.Vtg was made through the firm'"iure & Clendenin.isre1-ofturkeys;will receive turkeysWeih:s week, and this week only,for the Thanksgiving market.2t CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.Something New.those '.beautiful sweeton display at our store.grassTheyPARIS BOOK COEd cators Receive Invitation.Mabel Robbins. Countv Super-ir of schools, the Board of Ed-and all the teachers of Bour-ve received an invitation frombeTV. Jent Jayne, of the Ninth Educa-t:ra' D.ttrict. to attend a meeting oft- e.'i'und Educational Associationc. - berlo and 16.At Doty's Studio.i babv nhotos taken free. SeeJ i.UL. Grinnan at Doty's Studio.e beforp 3 o'clock.Prices Within Reach oi All.er overcoats in manv new andex-j-j'.e models. S10 to $50J. W. DAVIS & COGoes to Madisonville.:lc E. AI. Lightfoot. pastor of theEix titt church, has gone to T.Iadison-p to attend the General Associationcf Kentucky Baptists. He goes asrepresentative of the Paris Baptistc uich, they paying all expenses.lhaTe will be several hundred delefates at the meeting.v're Sell Underwear Comfort.No matter how good your underwearis if it isn't comfortable it isn't catisf3:cory. We recommend Vassar UnionSuits at $1.50 to $4J. W. DAVIS & CO.Free.Bring your little "cherub" to Doty'sStudio. Mr. L. Grinnan will take hisI ijto free. Come before 3 p. m.Association to Meet.The Bourbon County EducationAociaton will meet at Miss SusieClav's school Friday, November 22, atS J o'clock a. m. All teachers inPivision No. 1 are requested to attend,ard other teachers are invited, besidestMp members of the Counly Schoi 1 Improvement League. It will be an. allday meeting.Immense Line of Wail Paper.Call at my store and pick from theIsrjre new stock of wall paper justwhat you need and have it put onyour walla. Experienced decoratorsare ready to do your bidding.J.T.HINTON.Cure that Headache.Try one of those pine pillows wehave just received. They will cureths headache, and greatlv relieve hayfever, catarrh, throat and lung trouble.PARIS BOOK GO. :Trial This Morning.The trial of Henry McGinley, Chiefof the Paris fire department, chargedwith carrying concealed weapons,which was called in Police Court Saturday, was postponed until this morning at ten o'clock on account of absentwitnesses. The case will be tried be-fo-ea jury. gPur2 Sorghum.We ae selling Dure sorghum at aspecial price. Both nhones 376RSAUER. ISuit Sale.128 suits at $25 and $30 values,materials of wide-wales, diagonals,cneviots and serges in the new andParted collars Price S17.50.SIMON DEPT. STORE.Official Vote of Bourbon.The election commissioners of Bourbon countv, Sheriff A. S. Thompson,M. R. Jacobv and W. G. Talbotx, canvassed the vote of Bourbon countycast at the regular election November5 and gave out the following officialstatement: Wilson, 2.362: Tafr, 1,749:Socialist. 16; Prohibitionist, 39: SocialLabor, 2; Roosevelt, 429; Carroll,2,358; Cantrill, 2,345; Jones, 425.Come Before Three.Bring the "little dimpled darlings"to Doty's Studio. Mr. L. Grinnan willtake babv's photo free foi 30 days.No pictures taken after 3 o. m.Stetson Velours.In all shades $5.J. W. DAVIS & CO.TURKEYS.We will receive turkeysthis week, and this week onlyfor the Thanksgiving market.2t CHAS. S BRENT & BRO.PERSONAL MENTION.Miss Belle Clay, is visitingheruroiner. lion, a. u. Clay.Mr. Jane3 Earlvwine visited relatives in Stanford Sunday.-"Mrs. Geo. Alexander will entertainat auction Thurs Jay even n j.Miss Elizabeth Mann visitedrelatives in Winchester last week.Mrs J. C. Freeman has returnedfrom a sojourn a Dry Ridge Springs.Mrs. John Mattox is visiting herpirents, Mr. and Mrs. Lew Curran, inCynthiana.Mr.W.H. H.'er, Mrs. Collier,Louis for a visit.Johnson and his sishave gone to St.- Miss Mabel Robbins was the guestthis week of Mr. and Mrs. Carl Rubbins in Winchester.Mr.JR. R. Myall, traveling salesman of Chicago, is visiting Mr. andMrs. William Myall.Judge Chas. D. Webb, who hasbeen ill for several weeks, is sufficiently improved to be out.Mr. T. T.LTemplin,ho has beenquite ill for several days sufferingwith asthma, is improving.Mrand Mrs. James H. Haggardhava returned from a visit to Mrs. W.G. Haggard in Winchester.Miss Elizabeth Jasper returnedSaturday after a delightful visit toMrs. Henry Craig, inCJeorgetown.Mrs. Bettie Mcllvaine, who hasbeen visiting Mr. and Mrs. James Mcllvaine in Georgetown, has returnedhome.Mrs.Baer and little granddaughter, Emma Baer Ashurt, of Georgetown, are guests of Mrs. Lee P,rice, onScott avenue.Mr. Homer Linville, of Columbus,0., who is visiting his father. Mi. J.H. Linville, at Millerbsurg, was inParis yesterday.Mr. and Mrs. Edward Fauiconer,of Cannel City, are guests of the latter's parents. Mr. and Mrs. T.T. Templin, in this city.Mrs. Arthur Hancock and herguest, Mrs. Karris Hancock, of Cincinnati, are spending today withJudge and Mrs. Rhodes Shackleford,in Richmond.Mrs. J. H. Thompson will give aluncheon-bridge at her country hometomorrow in honor of Mrs. ArthurHancock and her guest, Mrs. KarrisHancock, of Cincinnati.Mrs. T. M. Funk has returned toher home in Paris after having beencalled to Nicholasville on account ofthe illness and death of herjjbrother,Mr. Harry West.Miss Irene Mclntyre, of GrandJunction, Col., who has been a guestat the home of Mr. J. H. MeGinnis.left Friday for Indianapolis, Ind., foran extended visit.The Silver Tea given by the Ladies' Bible Class of the Methodistchurch, at fc.the home of Miss AliceFord, on Seventh street, Saturday afternoon, was well attended and enjoyed by all. Refreshments of coffee"ind sandwiches were served. Quite anice sum was realized from the freewil silver offerings.- Tiss' Marie Talbott, the atlractivp daughter of Mr. and Mrs. W. G.TdLuttof this city, left for Washington, D. C , Saturday morning, whereshe will act as a page at the NationalConvention of the United Daughtersof the Confedeiacy. President Taftwill give a reception to the pages andthe Sons of the Confederacy will alsoentertain in their honor.The first social meeting of theRichard Hawes Chapter, U. D. C, forthis year'will be held Thursday afternoon, November 14, at 2 o'clock atthe Confederate rooms in the courthouse. This will not be a regularmeeting ot the chapter, but will be altogether of a social nature, to whichthe old soldiers are especially invitedand every member of the chapter isexpected to be present. Mrs. C. C.Leer and daughter, Miss Carroll Leer,will be the hostesses, and a most enjoyable afternoon is anticipa ed.Mrs. J. Miller Ward gave a beautiful luncheon Saturday at her countryhome in compliment to Mrs. HarrisHancock, of Cincinnati, who is thecharming guest ot Mrs. Arthur Hancock. Those present were Mrs. Lowndes, Danville, Miss McDowell, Danville. Mrs. Samuel Shackleford, Mrs.Sherman Goodpaster, Mrs. RogersClay, Frankfort, Mrs. Harris Hancock. Cincinnati, Mrs. Arthur HanrncU. Mrs. J. M. Hall, Mrs. J. S.it ne,ts, Mrs. Tr.onias H. Clay, Jr.,Mrs. E. T. Clay. Mrs. J. I. Bron"ton,Mrs J. T. Vansant, Mrs. Ford Brent,Mrs. Thompson Tarr, Mrs. George Alexander, Mrs. Charlton Alexander,Miss Kate gAlexander, Mrs. M. H.Dailey, Mrs. Clarence LeBux. Lexington, Mrs. James H. Thompson.Mrs. Frank P. Kiser entertainedat her home on Houston avenue Saturday afternoon, with a beautiful retention. The guests were received bvMiss Bessie Wilson, while Mrs. ThomasAllen presented tnem to the receivingline in the parlor. Standing with Mrs.Kiser were Mrs. Ogden Crutcher, ofWinchester, Miss Bessie Stone, ofGeorgetown, and Miss MargueriteMorris, of Lexington. The guestswere conducted to the dining room byMrs. Thorn well Tadlock, where Mrs.Custis Talbott, Mrs. Luther Rice,Mrs. L. I. Smith, Miss Corinne Collinsand Miss BelJe Horton attended them.The delicious luncheon was served byMrs. Carl Crawford and consisted ofhot rolls, croquettes! peas in pastryshells, stuffed celery and cranberryice. The dining table was coveredwith drawn work linen festooned withsmilax and had for a centerpiece a tallvase cf handsome white chrysanthemums. Dishes of mints and greenshaded candles were also on the table.Coffee was served from a Dretty tablebv Mrs. Win. Kiser and Miss HelenDaugherty and Miss Clara BelleO'Neal. The reception was beautifulin every detail and enjoyed by thelarge number of guests. Music on thepiano and violin was furnished by thetalented sisters, Misses Essie ind Goldie Saloshin.J. W. Hayden, the nine year oldson or Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Hayden, is(dangerously ill at tne home of his patients on Eiehth street suffering withJ an attack of heart trouble and his couI dition is such as to cause deep appreI hension among his familv. He wastaken ill last week but was reportedbetter Saturday. Sunday his'conditicngrew worse and last night it" was reported that he was gradually sinking.Mrs. J. Miller Wardjwill entertainat cards Thursday atternoon.Frank Trisler, son of Mr. and Mr-.J. F. Trisler, was taken to the St. Jcsenh Hospital, Lexington yesterdayfor an operation of an abcess of theside. The oneration was successfuland the patient is resting well.Kentucky Ministers Meet.The monthly meeting of the Central ,Kentucky Ministers was held at the !PhoenixJHolel in Lexington yesterday.A number of good talks were madeand the visitors served with luncheonin the private dining room. Rev. J.T. Sharrard, of this city, led the discussion of the subject, "Other Ministers and I." Rev. W. E. Ellis, president of the Association and Rev. J.W. Ligon. ot North Middletown, wereamong those in attendance.Moose Meeting Wednesday NightLoyal Order of Moose will meet inOdd Fellows Hal! tomorrow night ateight o'clockpromptly. National Director A. B. Winsett will be presentto institute the Lodge, and install theofficers. All charter members and applicants will please be present.Lots and Residence Withdrawn.Two lots and a residence on Pleasantstreet, between Eighth and Ninthstreets, belonging to Mrs. SwiftChamp, were offered at public saleSaturday and after being bid to S3.170were withdrawn.Receives Deserved Promotion.Mr. Ben Downey, of Paris, for thepast several months traveling salesman for the National Biscuit Comppny, with headquarters in Lexington,has been promoted to the position ofmanager of the branch offices in thatcitv. Mr. Downey will succeed hisbrother-in-law. Mr. Chas. Clark, formerly of Paris, who will be transferred to the branch house in Louisville.Mr. Downey is one ot the best salesmen of the company, a deservnigyoung man and his promotion is a deserved compliment to his ability. Thechange wi.l become effective November 15. yPure Sorghum!We are selling pure sorghum at aspecial nrice. Both phones 376 .SAUER.FOR RENT.Desirable first floor front room forrent to gentleman. Private entrance.Five minutes walk from court house.Call E. T. Phone 591. 12 3tTHFor Friday Only,Glass Tumblers, a set 10c.Night Lamp Chimneys, 3 for 5c.Great valnes in Towls, worth $1.25a dozen, each 7Jc or STc a dozen.Fancy twisted wax Candles, all colors. 7 inches long, 16c a dozen.Great values in Butcher Knives,10c, 15c and 25c, all Steele.25c Lamp Burners, glass tops, each10c.Japanese Tea Pots, with strainer,19c.Hyacinth Bulbs, 2 for 5c; Tulipsper doz. 19c; Crocus 5c a doz.Chair Seats, extra value, each 10cbrass tacks included.3-lb. Butter Jars, bail and cover 10c.THE FAIR.Lost!Black onyx breast pin with gold leafset with pearls, between the Baptistchurch and Paris cemetery. Finderplease return toMRS. M. W. BARLOW.II A Progressiveand SolidInstitutionWe Invite You to OpenAccount With Us.anYou Are Assured of FairTreatment.Liberal Accommodations.3 per cent, on Time Deposits.Capital 100,000.00Bourbon BankTrust Co.&ISurplus and Profits... 50,000.00Our Trust Departmentacts as Administrator, Executor, Guardian or Trusteein all trust capacities.A safe and competentcustodian of vnnv -nrvnovf-iriI JFAIR!:Good Prices for Tobacco.Z One of the best tobacco sales of theseason was made when Mr. LouisRogers, of the Cane Ridge neighborhood, sold to Mr. William Dudley, ofCarlisle, his crop of 1912 tobacco at$15 per hundred. Mr. Dudley is abuver fcr the American Tobacco Company and the crop is to be deliveredto the company in Lexngton. CSSMessrs. Edward Burke and N. FordBrent, of this city, disposed of theircroD ot tobacco raised on the Alexander farm and said to amount to about90,000 pounds. Mr. Dudley was alsothe buyer of this crop, which twill bedelivered to the warehouses of theAmerican TobaccorCompany'i,in Lexington. The price paid for the crop was$13.50 per hundred straight.ADMINISTRATORS' SALE-OF-Stock, Crop, FarmingImplements, Household Goods, Etc.As administrators of the estate ofH. G. Hopkins, deceased, we will -sellat oublic auction on the premises onthe Stnngtown pike, 10 miles ;.east ofParis onFriday, Nov. 29, at 1 0 a. m.,the following described property, tovvit: 1 6 year old mare,1 weanling colt,1 2 vear old gelding,1 brood maie,1 pair 3 year old draft horses,1 3 year old draft mare.1 family male.20 yearling cattle,1-2 interest in 9 hogs,7 ftock shoats,1 brood sow,1 4 year old Jersey enw,12 head stock ewes bred.4 head heifer cows, drv,1 heifer calf,1 el break harness,1 set buggy harness,1 lot wagon gears,1 saddle,1 McCormick binder.1 riding cultivator,1 walking cultivator.2 sleds. 1 break cart,1 hsrruw.l wheat drill.1 buggy, 1 wagon,1 hay frame, 1 hay rake,1 McCormick mower,1 Stivers stripper and comb, 1 newcomb,Lot of other small farm tools.Some milled oats.1-2 of two ricks of hay,1-2 interest 330 shocks corn in field,1-2 interest in 4,000 sticks of unstripped tobacco,Lot of household and kitchen furniture and small farm tools.TERMS All sums $25 and undercash ; all over payable Alarch 1. 1913.negotiable note payable at Agricultural Bank.J. H. HOPKINS,D. W. ESTILL,Administratois.Geurge . Speakes. Auctioneer.VWhen You BuyYou WantYnurTry our "Wayne Knit" Hosiery for Ladies and'Tony" Stockings for the Children and ftbe pleased, none better."Henderson" Corsets grace, comfort and durabilityCannot be excelledSpecialsWe are offering Dress Goods and Novelty Silks at a JTremendous Reduction. Come lookour tables over. 9100 Pieces of wide 50c fancy Ribbon for Christmas, ffancy work, only 25c a yard. 'W. ED. TUCKER. 1!!InDeletasian GoodsImportedRollrnop Herring (Pickled)HaBland Herring4 Kippered HerringFrench SardinesCrab fVSeatDomesticCream, Brick andPimento Chees.ImportedSwiss, RoquefortandComenbert Cheese.fresh Oysters Hibfer's SausagePresh Grated Horseradish(The Hot Kind)i "TThe Home of Good Things to Eat2tAturv suozaJsi4cruwTcr&7W'fvc&w& cy?o6o& Svcr&Tru Jfora mtjkSSvSSSSSSSwSlSSSb m b fJ9ear Clmy:-?&aAe f,oix eveA had he anicLpaed j-of of. aJ.oy rLsL sfio ifeel iry $.0 Ln$. 0 Aee .Some fAJLendurfi.oxJe hiisfrand is Axe A. enoui .0 fiAni6h. hidhome handsomely, tra eiher 00 6inay oA 00eareeA6 0 do L?When one of. my fAiends comeS 0 See me, indeed, q? have a Jbea-aLf-allv f-arnlshed room j!oAher. q? hink l uro-ald Le a shame no 0, don'you, CLmu?CLAurm.yA yoviA fAiend,1jCom.(P. S.-aJhere'S no exe-u-se for no fLina, -ap yo-uAhome eeaanlf urhen yo-u ean ae Siieh syishtAeLaJbe fxiAni-are for so ie money fAomJ. T. HINTOIN.the Best ForlUnnov.n"it95 ftJferJ? ". afc-tov -fc. i 'MAjtt, 'tf .V W ! -Yifri t''&L,JW jf.ii jZzmjit- Ji.JIgiBVAxsite- - &tI .THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOVEMBER 12, 19!tr-Here's Two.A famous philosopher was discussing truth. "There are three times," hesaid, "when a man is justified in telling a falsehood. They are, first, toa woman; second, for a woman; andthird well, I forgot the third."per FARM LOAHS Tcsnt. $1,000 to $100,000HELP YOUiFAVORITE'WINThis 5-PasscngcrSTUDEBAKER TOURING CARI & .$gf iplll x" - IHep Experience.Mrs. Bacon "I understand one canlearn different languages from thephonograph?" Mrs Ebert "Well,since our neighbor got his I know myhusband has used language I neverheard him use before."Either Sunshine or Fire.Put things in the sunshine or beforea fire before wrapping them up, ifpossible, not only for airing, but alsoto freshen them and make them smallsweeter.W. KING & SON,125 Chcapsidc, Lexington, Ky-$100 Reward.Will be paid to any person havingany kind of pain or ache if Shipp'sLiniment fails to give instant reliefand the purchase price is not refunded. Trv it and see. 50c at all drug-cists.oA Diamond Ring oran Elgin Watch!You Oan By Subscribing For theBourbon News and Voting ForYour "Favorite" in the BigAutomobile and PrizeCampaignPhoenician Relics Found in Spain.Some months ago important archeological discoveries were made at Cadiz. They consisted of Phoeniciantombs;, and fresh excavations haveyielded satisfactory results. A fewdays ago further tombs were discovered, and one contained a fossilizedskeleton. Golden amulets, rings andseals have also been found.Others Could Tell Him."Have you any object in piling upwealth? Perhaps you have an ambition to gratify. Is there anything youwant to do?" "There is. When I amfixed financially I propose to Eee ifthere is really any money in the chicken business." Louisville Courier-Journal.Europe's War Material.Europe withdraws from industry 4,5500,000 men to make soldiers of them.They are kept from one to threeyears. What an appalling waste;how doubly preposterous if efficiencycan be insured with militia training;New York World.Birds Worthy of Gratitude.It has been estimated that the birdsin the United States save 200,000,000worth of crops each year. The treesparrows in Iowa eat 4,666 pounds ofweed seed daily. One full-fledged robinwill eat 16 feet of caterpillar daily, orabout 4,569 individuals a month.Surely Had Forgotten Something.An Eastbourne, Sussex (England)woman recently started on a railwayjourney with the uneasy feeling thatshe had forgotten something. Thisturned out to be correct, for she hadto take the next train back to pickI up her child, which she had left on theI station platform.True Companions.There are some men and women inwhose company we are always at ourbest. All the best stops in our nature are drawn out by their inter,course, and we find a music in oursouls never there before. Rev. Professor Henry Drummond.TheBourbon Horse GoodsCo.,Incorporated.Manufacturers ofHarness, Horse Boots andLeather Novelties ofAll Kinds, -All Orders Promptly Executed And"Work Guaranteed. .No. 304 Main StreetRepairing of .All Kind DoneWhile You Wait.Opp. Court House.Sam 1 Kerslake& SOU,Paris, - Kentucky.Horse Shoeing-,Machine Shop.Automobile Repairinga Specialty.S38aBSJTWINBROSDepanmeniSIOIB701 -703 Main St.,Invites you to inspect their handsome and stylish display ofFALL DRV GOODS,DRESS GOODS, MUSSES'and LADIES' READY-TO-WEARGARMENTS.SUITS, SKIRTS,MILLINERY,CLOAKS, SHOES, DRESSES.Please Call. Always several toshow our goods.Mirjolon.The Butcher,WILLKITjTYOURHOGSState of Ohio, city of Toledo, Lucascounty, ss.Frank J. Cheney makes oath thathe iB senior partner of the firm ot bJ. Cheney & Co., doing business in thecity of Toledo, county and State aforesaid, and that said firm will pay thesum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARSfor each and every case of Catarrhat cannot be cured by the use ofHall's Catarrh Cure.FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and subscribedin my presence, this 6th day of December, A. D, 1886.A. W. Gleason,Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally and acts directly upon the blooda nd mucous surfaces ot the system., Senl for testimonials free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, O.Sold by all druggists, 75 cents.J Take Hall's Family Pills for constii cation.U & N. TIFIE-TABLIN EFFECT JAN" 14, 1911. AT 11:59:P. M.mmHomBBBnaBiHot and ColdThe bov's appetite is often thesource of amazement. If you wouldhave such an anpetite take Chamber-i Iain's Tablets. They not only create ahealthy appetite, but strengthen thestomach and enable it to work naturally. For sale by all dealers.BATHS 'iCurtis&OverbyeTwo Points of View.Young men think old men fools, andold men knoc young men to be bo.P. Metcalf.Is your husband cross? An irritablefault finding disposition is often dueto a disordered Ftomach. A man withgood digestion is nearly always giocnatured. A great many have beenpermanently cured of stomach troubleb taking Chamberlain'g Tablets. Fortale by all dealers.Hafr Mussed by Lightning.Edward Kones prefers in the futureto comb his own locks and wisheslightning would leave them alone.When his house, in Sullivan county,was struck the electricity plowedsmall furrows about his skull, takingthe hair off his head in every placeit touched. His injuries, besides destroying his hair, it is said, wereslight Philadelphia North American.Hot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits You are next.M. A. KAHAL.Shipp's LinimentQuickly relieves rheumatism, neuralgia, backache, headache and otherpains. A reward of $100 will be paidif it fails arid the purchase price is notrefunded. Try it and see. 50 cents atall druggists.Business Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHo and Cofd Baths at AllHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Patronage Solicited. -No.341342971040373123326259138385393083231No.34429401013737331336262588939328303113Trains jSLrrrveFROMAtlanta, Ga. , Daily 5 21 an?Lexington, Ky., Daily 4.15arm.Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.35 armMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 amCincinnati, O., DBily 9.50 am-Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 amLexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 amCincinnati, O. , Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 xmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pm.Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pmKnoxviller Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily 5.40 pmCincinnati, O. . Daily Except Sunday 5.47 pm.Lexington, Ky., Daily 6,03 Dm.Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 amJacksonville. Fla., Daily ". . .6.05 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTretirLS IDe-psirtTO-Cincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 anMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 amCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 arcMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 amLexington, Ky., Daily 9.57 amKnoxville, Tenn. , Daily 9.55 amJacksonville, Fla. , Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily 10.27 amMaysville, K., Daily 12.05 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.04 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.34 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 3.4n pmRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.52 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.57 pmCincinnati, O., Daily ." 6.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Dailv Except Sunday 6.15 pirnCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.25 pmLexington, K., Daily 10.57 pmAtlanta, Ga., Daily 10.55 pm"IN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trains .A-rriveNo. N FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda '. 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday -. . .3.30 pm-8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday ;: 5.50 pm,Trains DepartNo. TO7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Ex2ept Sunday t. . 7.41 .am1- F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except S uflpV -. 9.5 . am"- 3 Frankfort, - Ky DailyExcept Sunday - 5;53 pm-?fc.'THE BOURtiON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOVEMBER 12, 1912YQUg1is probably due to uricacid in the system theblood must be purifiedthe poisonous acid drivenout and general healthmust be improved.Thousands testify thatScott's Emulsion rids thesystem of poisonous acidby enriching the impoverished blood, and its concentrated nourishment isconverted into red bloodcorpuscles which driveoat rheumatism.It is especially valuableto aged people.Ask for and insist onSCOTT'S.Scott & Bowne, Bloomfield, N. J. 12-60There could be no hetter medicinethan Chamberlain's Coueh Remedy.My children were all sick with whoopinc cough. One of them was in bpd,had a high fever and w as coughing upblood. Our doctor gave thtm Dhamherlain's Cough Remedy and the firstdose eased them, and three bottles cured them," says Mrs. R. A. Donaldson,ot Lexington. For sale by all dealers.Daniel in Second Place.Little Willie's grandmother hadbeen telling him Biblo stories, hisfavorite being that of Daniel in thelions' den. At the age of four he wastaken to a circus for the first time.When the lion-tamer put Ms head intothe lion's mouth little "Willie's excitement knew no bounds. Jumping upand down, he gleefully screamed:"Oh, my! That knocks the spots offDaniel!"NervousTroublesAmbitionTona Vita Brings it BackWorn Out Half Sick People.toDon't waste your money buyingstrengthening pasters. Chamberlain'sLiniment is cheaper and better. Dampen a piece of flannel with itand bindit over the affected parts and it willrelipve the pain and soreness. Forsale'by all dealers.i1 Accepts the Rebuke.j A resident of an English city hasmade himself a marked man by insisting on saying "nought" instead ofI "O" when he calls a telephone number having ciphers in it. The tele-j pone operator usually corrects himj when he says "three double naught"by saying "Three double O." The' other night he called up central andsaid, "Hello," and the girl replied:"Hell-naught." He accepted meeklythe "quiet rebuke." Springfield Re-i publican.Stop That Ache.Ary ache or pain in any narr, of thebody can be relieved with ShipD'sQuick Relief Liniment. 5100 reward-,ritra,isanainepurcnaseipriceisnoi A thousand tongues could nut exreufnded. Tr$ it and see. 50 cents at'p,,. tun tHnriP nf Mrs. .T V, Cnv.-.- ... ;-....., ,,.. ..-.. . . ww...RACE NOT GOING BACKWARDProof That the Men of Today Are atLeast TaJler in Stature ThanTheir Ancestors. iOne of the principal symptoms ofnervous troubleb is a teeling of discouragement.' A man or woman suffering withnerve exhaustion feels so worn out andmiserable most of the time that theybecome hopeless and depressed.Life doesn t seem to be worth living. rJ ItexNKttTona Vita has been pronounced bvphysicians to be the must reliable andsuccessful tonic and nerve food eversold to the public. It is building upmany thousands of run down, nervousmen and women and restoringthem tohealth and happiness. wwsxIf you are a sufferer from nervousnreaudown try tms great tome and as iyou feel your health, strength and ambition return, you will be changed inmind as well as body. Life will seemlikfi a different thing to you in a Lfevvweeks' time. f5l "-Tona Vita is sold by Chas E. Butler& Co.!Escapes an Awful Fate.all druggists.STRAYED.A two year old steer, dehornedbianded on right hip with "C hasstrayed from my place on the Winchester Dik Informatiun leading to recoveiy will be rewarded.1 3t S. BROOKS CLAY. BHome Phone 2046 Paris, Ky.of Joliet, 111., lor her wonderful deliverance from an awful fate. "Tyuhoid' pneumonia had left me with a dreadfullcouxh," she writes. "Some timeshad such awful coughing spells Iand ! thought I would die. I could get nohelp from doctor s treatment or othermedicines till used Dr. King's NewDiscovery. But I owe my life tc thiswonderful remedy for I scarcely coughat all now." Quick and safe, its themost reliable of all throat and lunemedicines. Every bottle guaranteed.50centb and 1. Trial buttle freee.Hog Killing Time.Let us kill your hogs and render yourlard. Satisfaction guaranteed.8 3t HELLER'S MEAT MARKET.FOR SALEA lotply to8 3tcontaining two nouses. Ap-1MRS. ELIZA AYERS.,1312 Cypress Street.What We Are Made Of.The average man contains the ingredients to make fat for seven barsof soap, iron for a medium-sized nail,sugar to fill a small bowl, salt to filla shaker, lime to whitewash a chickencoop, phosphorus to make 2,200match tips, magnesium for a dose ofmagnesia, sodium to neutralize a pintand a half of water, potassium to ex-j plode a toy cannon, sulphur to rid adog of fleas and albuminoids to makea case of eggs. American Wine1 Press.No Wife for Him.'"What do I want with a wife?"snorted Bachelor Bockwedder, on reading an old maid's reasons for notwanting a husband. "I have a gamerooster that is vain about his finefeathers, a goat, that chews the rag,an aeroplane that gets me up in theair, and an automobile that keeps meall the time broke!" Judge.Some time ago when it was wishedto use some ancient suits of Englisharmor for a pageant it was found thatthey were all too small for the use ofthe average man. Now comes a similar story from Germany. The cuistodian of a castle near Innsbruck, aman slightly under the averageheight, says that he has tried on everysuit of armor in the castle and thatthey are all too small for him. Thecustodian of the castle of Voduz, whois of still lesser stature, says the samething of the armor under his care, andwe are reminded of the low doors andshort beds that are so distinguishinga feature of old Gothic houses.Is it possible that the human raceis increasing in stature? It wouldseem so. We can hardly account forthis on the ground of athletics, seeingthat the old knightly pirates of thei riavR nf rmvnlrv wer-R athlprio. ennnirh.Physical vigor was their stock intrade.It is said that very few men nowadays can draw the old long bows ofthe English archers, the bows thatwere capable of sending an arrowthrough' a steel breastplate. But sofar as stature is concerned we seemto have the better of our buccaneering ancestors.Wealth Derived From Tourists.Were it not for the travel and resident foreign population attracted byreligious interest, and the extensivecharitable and other contributionswhich flow to it from all over theworld, Jerusalem, with a population of80,000, would be of very small importance commercially. Fully two-thirdsof its population consists of non-producers,who are supported fromabroad.nCurtis Henry & Co.,Groceries, Drygoods, Fresh and CuredMeats, Vegetables, Fruits, Etc.Both Phones 442INDIVIDUAL FACTOR IN HEALTHSomething to Which in This Generation Too Little Attention HasBeen Devoted.Helps a Judge in Bad Fix.Justice Eli Cherry, of Uillis Mills,Tenn., was Dlainly worried. A badsore on his leg had baffled several doctors and long resisted all remedies."I thuught it was a cancer, "he wrote."At last I used Bucklen's Arnica Salveand was completely cured." Curesburns, boils, ulcers, cuts, bruises fndpiles. 25 cents at Oberdorfer's.We Want Your Trade on the Merits of Our Goods.Everything We Sell is Guaranteed.Our accommodations are the best in town -Anew Auto iDelivery, PolitefAttention andAlways a Special Effort to Please : : : :A Few Things Others Haven't Might Interest You:Cream Flour, French BreadJ Golden SunCoffee, Sweet-Orr Overalls, American BeautyCorsets, Royal Tailoring and manyjotherstoonumerous to mention. Give us a trial.Yours for morelbusiness.LCURTIS HENRY CO.Cor. 1 4th and MainJbuilding Lots For Business Houses ForSale at Auction.Being a non-resident of Paris, I have decided to sell at public outcry onSaturday, November lb, iyi, at z pm..True Love.Love is the purification of the heartfrom itself; it strengthens and ennobles the character, gives a highermotive and a nobler aim to every action of life, and makes both man andwoman strong, noble, and courageous;and the power to love truly and devotedly is the noblest gift with which ahuman being can be endowed; but itis a sacred fire that must not be burntto idols.The greatest event in medicine wasthe discovery of the germ origin of alarge number of diseases.That discovery has already enabledthe world to stamp out several epidemics, and in time will enable us tostamp out all contagious diseases.But for that splendid advance, aprice was paid as always. A partof that price was the neglect of theindividual factor in resistance to disease.There are infections which nohealth can avoid. But in a larger proportion of cases a person in full vigorand training will pass unharmedthrough infections which will overwhelm a weaker individual.We are just now rediscovering thevalue of physical vigor and vitality, ofthe health which is not merely an absence of infectious disease, but a joyous and capable performance of everyreasonable task.Some day, afar off, we may combine the sanitary perfection of thePanama Canal zone with the physicalperfection of the ancient Greeks. Tohelp even a little in bringing aboutsuch an event is worth all the effortswe can put forth.The Demons of the Swampare mosquitoes. As they sting theyj put deadly malaria germs in the blood.iThen follow the icv chills and the fireson the premises, mv properfcv situated on the west side of Main street, m j 0f fever. The anpetite flies and theParis. Ky. The property, wliic'i was formerly and perhaps better known as j strength fails; "also malaria oftenthe Pullen place, consists of a parcel of land, fronting 88 feet on Mam street paves the way for deadly typhoid. Butand extending back 10u leet, m r or less, and containing a large two-btory I Electric Bitters kill and cast out theframe residence. v , I malaria germs from the blood; giveme , property w eeci u - - " of 17. ' ?" V"B rA1" 1"" ZLd "u, I vania street car line."ana will ue oireiea in iuur ml, ciiuu uuuuug i i--u " . ,, u strengui. .hulki- I'uig &uumnjK,lots No. 1 and 2. containing the house, will be offered together, then entire .wrote Wm. Fretwell, of Lucama, N.boundrv will be offered as a w h 3le, and best bid acceptedValue of a Car Ticket.Thomas A. Winterrowd, city building inspector, believes he has theprize "tightwad"' story.A North Delaware street man calledWinterrowd hv tp.1p.nh on p.i "My wife is getting ready to comei downtown," said the man, "and I wantyou to have an application for a build-mg permit made out ready for her, soshe can get right down to the citycomptroller's office and get the per-j mit ithout delay. She is coming down, on the North Illinois street car line,' and she wants to get right back homei on a transfer over the North Pennsyl-New Fall Suits ArrivingDailySchloss Bros., & Co.,Baltimore, rVfd.,Hand Made SuitsAre Mere DirectFrom The Tailors. Hands. . .We are showing the new Plum,Carnation, Grey and Browns, theprices very reasonable, 15 to 25.All Wool Fall Suits, newestshades at. . . .10, $12.50 and 15.Our Fall Line of Haws VonGol Hats Douglass Shoes andTiwn Bros., Special Shoes are arriving daily.The showing we are makingfor Fall is in every way up to thehighest class, our prices are morereasonable than elsewhere. ITWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L. Wollstcin, Proprietor.n ; 1 1 ch giTTlp " rT' i' ? , " , .i ,&& i $ -." '"m Srtr ! r 'mmiff lit- i 1-1' -rat schloss bos sco I -X," '?';& IriaeCUIku Makers f V." iJl --Bl,!l'eIrklThe property is located near the center, of the business district, on theshady side of the street, and Aouiamaue an exceueno mvesjuueiiu iur anyone, as the demand for business houses and sites for same is steadily m-TERIS Liberal and made known on day of sale. D. M. CUHRY.For further information, address Harris & Speakes, Paris, Ky.Winterrowd had the application allC. "three bottles drove ail the mala-: uuy, uuu me womau umeu iu ay-ria from my system, and I've had good j pear.winhealth ever since. ISest for all stom-!ach. liver and kidney ills. 50 cents atOberdorfer's.Dissolution Sale!Poor Sticking.Sticking to a poor purpose makesmany a poor stick.'I suppose," said Winterrovd, "thevoman either lost her street car ticket or else is waiting for a cool dayso she can walk down and back andsave her ticket." Indianapolis News.What Texans AdmireDesiring to dissolve partnership, we, the undersigned, will sell at publicoutcry, onWednesday, November 27, 1912at 11 o'clock, a m., on the premises, our farm tituated on the Offutt pike,two miles from Leesburg, Ky.mu. r vu:v. .rT.oC fj-.vrr.or'lTr nnd still is nerhaos better knownDavid Allen farm, contains 183 acres, 103 acres now in grass, balance in highstate of cultivation. It is wen watered anu mc '""& s r-"&mostlv new wovm wire. The improvements consist ot a two story frameresiden? fof I rooms, 2 tobacco barns, stock barns, doublp corn crib andothevTvlbuml It is convenient to churches andSCh Any one in the market for a good farm, well improved, should attendthi tale. This is an opportunity secare a desirable farm, as it must besold to close out a paitaership business.TERMS: Liberal and made known on dafagiLUIAN,Paris. Ky.R D. RBNAKER, Agent,Leesburg, Ky.For further information address either of above, or Harris. & Speakes,Paris, Ky.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.is hearty.fvigorous life, according toHucb Tallman, of San Antonio. "Wefind," he writes, "that Dr. King'sNew Life Pills surely put new life andenercrv into a person. Wife and I be-lieve they are the beBt made." Excel! lent for stomach, liver or kidney trou-as the ' h'es 25 cents at Oberdorfer's.iktumm rLexinatonMilitaryBandWinter Tourist TicketsNOW ON SALETO AIX WINTER KESOETSSPECIAL ROUND-TRIP FARES TOFlorida, Cuba, New Orleans, PanamaLong Return Limit. Fall Stop-Over PrivUeges.Three through daily trains to Florida, via Queen & CrescentRoute Double daily through service to New Orleans. Eteefricalry lighted equipment, . including Pullman Drawmg-RoomSleermg Cars, Dtaing Cars, and Day Coaches.For deuHs call on any Ticket Agent, ZCTTTjXH. C. KING, Passenger & Ticket Agent, 101 E. Alain St.,Lex1ngton,K.and Orchestra.112 West Main St.LEXINGTON, KY.Eye For Business.In one of the missions along NorthNinth street the other evening sat aman, who apparently had tarried toolong in drinking places. As the meeting advanced he livened up and put aquarter in the tambourine as it waspassed along. This caused a chorusof approval from the workers, one ofvhom went down to the man and besought him to give a testimony.After some hesitation the manarose to his feet and in a chokedvoice related his experiences. Finallyhe spoke of the many saloons cateringto the thirst and stated his desire tosee all, excepting one, put out of business. A chorus of "Amens" greetedthis statement, but not quite satisfied,one of the workers asked him whyhe would leave one and destroy allthe rest. Slowly the man rumbledforth, "So I could run it myself."i Philadelphia Record.Music For All OccasionsTELEPHONES: New185 and 638; Old,221.Clever Japanese.Honolulu Japanese have developed anew industry in the local fisheries nowall but monopolized by them. Theyare buying up all the surplus aku,when big catches are brought into thei market, which they manufacture intoa peculiar article of dried fish for exi port to the mainland. They have' erected a plant in the rear of thej Fisheries Company's place at the market, where they clean, boil and then! sun-dry the fish, making an articlej that is said to Keep well, besides beingquite palatable.To 40,000 Burley Tobacco GrowersStockholders in Strater Bros.' Branch FactoryHere are ten brands of tobacco. All of you know their worth,for you supply the leaf. It comes from your own tobacco farms.Most of you smoke or chew one of these brands, for they represent the cream of your crops. You know of none better, nonericher, and you know that each sale brings a profit to you. Youare partners in each of these brands. Here's a way to increaseyour profits on each.40,000 Partner-SalesmenWe want 40,000 more salesmen and you.Jlr. Grower, are one that we want. Wewant you to work with us to help sellthese brands, and thus increase yourrevenue from them. Your cooperation,individually, can result in gigantic sales.Here's how it works out.Let Each Man TellTen FriendsLet each of you growers tell tenfriends what you know of Strater Bros.'Branch Brands, the brands for whichyou grow the leaf. Always keep one ofthese brands in your pocket and give tothese friends to try. Explain that theleaves were the pick of your crop andthat no better crops are grown. Pointout the reasons why these brands oftobacco should be every smoker's and'cheiver's choice since it is your choicestgrowth. 40.000 men, each telling teniriends, will thus get a powerful salesmessage to nearly 400.000. If each ofthose friends tell five others, nearly2,000,000 men are affected. Think whatan increase this would make on thesebrands in one section. You are sellingto us. We are selling to them. So letus work jointly to sell the utmost thatwe can.Tell Dealers. Too-" Tell dealers, too, when you. buy thesebrands, what you know of their quality.Let them know of their nation-widepopularity, how they repeat, and howthey make friends of consumers.BE A BOOSTER OF BURLEY GROWERS' BRANDS, thus boosting the sales amiyour profits.Only such music willbe supplied as will beCity Drinks 23,000,000 Gallons Beer.Consul General Ifft writes that theNuremberg breweries during 1911produced 21,631,368 gallons of beer, ofa pleasure tO Our pat-i'hich 7,589,656 gallons were broughtI into the city and 6,181,956 gallons ex-rons ana a Credit tO 'ported. The city consumed 23,039,069gallons, or a trifle more than 69 gal-the organization.-733rIons for each man, woman and child.The retail price of beer in Nuremberg averages six cents 'per quart.TO ALL DEALERS WHO SELL TOBACCOThese brands of tobacco are famous sellers as all who sell them know. They are madefrom the best, from the cream of the crops, from forty thousand farms. They form thgreatest repeaters known, a steady source of profit. Put them into your stock for a trial awlsee what they do. You will sell them for years if j on sell them one week. ,For Smokins-GOLDEN GLOW-PENNY POST-FULL PAY. t tfSr ' "III Chewins-INDEX-BY JOE TWIST -CUP -DAY'S WORK-ON THE SQUAWC-TORCHUGHT-STRATER'SNATURAL LEAF.STRATER BROS. TOBACCO COMPANY BRANCHBURLEY TOBACCO COMPANY, Incorporated, Loui-viH, Ky.(3)&THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, .NOVEMBER 12, 1912-- , t- ,GEO. W. DAVISPDNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER,BOTH'PHONBS DAT 13 7; NIGHT 399.NOmmammmmmmmmmwmmmmmmmr"te Borne of Correct Tootwear'nDAN COEHNL "I Ms v IEr ! IAWi' PS? I JBetter FootwearFor Less Money!It is the value you receive in return for yourmoney that counts in buying footwear.It is because of the values to be had at ourstore that has made its name a nousehold word inhundreds of homes in this city and for milesaround.We are particularly enthusiastic about ourFall and Winter footwear the best in styles andvalues that we have ever shown.It Will Pay Youto buy your Fall Footwear at our store. Satisfaction and contentment in every pair we sell.Special Values This Week WhileThey Last:Ladies' snappy, letest style, 1 6-botton Boots, madeon short vamp model, in Gun Metal fl4 GfcQand Patent, while they last ? w WLadies' Cushion-Made Shoes, made on the mostsnappy Fall lasts. You've rarely tti QQseen better Shoes at any price Wmb W VTan Shoes are all the style. We now have the largestassortment in Ladies' Tan Button Shoes, bristlingwith snappy styles, equal to any $4 fl A Qgrades you pay elsewhere P4ihwwLadies' smart models in Velvet, Gun fl QQMetal and Patent. While they last .Bl Ii9vMen's high-grade Shoes, modled over all the lateststyles, astonishing values,SpecialMen's extra fine, latest style Shoes, fl4 QCbutton and lace. Special 9 Ib9wvr an uis laLtssi.$2.99Ledies' comfort Felt House Slippers,turn soles. Special49c IWIE have a great selection of the Ifamous Walk-Over Shoes formen. The best Shoes for themoney. Try a pair and be con-vmcedft1DAN COHEN,(Continued Fiom Page 1)DEVIL FISHIN THE BOURBONNEWS CONTEST.MILLERSBURG ITEMS.forthecan use your own discretion in pollingthem. Then we can get the paperstarted to the subscriber who will commence to clin and save the votes foryou. Don'thold back your subscriptions thinking that there is going tobe a better offer made for there willpositively ne no better offer made atany future time during the contest.We guarantee this so there is nothingto be gained by holding back your subscriptions and on the other hand youwiil lose votes if you do. A numberof people have asked us why they havej not received their papers and upon investigation, we have found they havenot yet bean turned in by the contestants. Another thing we want to im-nress upon the contestants is thai theymust.be careful in securing the correct address of each subscriber, especially those subscriptionswhicn areto be delivered in the city. Get thecorrect street and number always orthe number of the rural routes.A NEW FEATURE.Commencing tomorrow the lateststanding of the leading contestantswill be thrown on the screens at theAlamo and Columbia Theatres. Besure to go to both these theatres, takein the show and see how your favoriteis running in the Bourbon News bigrace for fame and fortune. If he orshe is ahead in the list don't be afraidto applaud and show the people thatyour favorite isa strong candidate inthe big race.IMrs Mary Whaley left Mondaya visit to relatives at Bethel.Miss Blount, of Mt. Sterling, isguest of Mrs. S. B. Turner.il Vt IV! 3Vi?wo n-F Pnnn vaaa n viP-itor in Milleraburg yesterday.Mr. C. W. Howard, of Lexington,visited relatives here Friday night.Mrs. A. T. Moffett entertained anumber of her lady friends Saturdayafternoon from two to five.Mrs. W. V. Shawlett Saturday fora two"weeks visit to her mother, MrsHarding and family at Butler.Mr. E. M. Neal leaves today for theConfederate Home in Pewee Valley,where he will spend the winter.Mrs. W. A. Munsing, of Maysville,arrived Saturday as the guest of hermother, Mrs. Vimont and family.Mrs. W. M. Sanford left Saturday forher home at Topeka. Kas., after a twoweeks7 visit to Mrs. Frankie Cook.Mr. J. G. Leer received some d?ysago his first purchase of tobacco forthe season, and will begin prizing soon.Mr. G. P. Fisher and Mrs. W. V.Shaw. Misses Ethel Fisher and UiSiherK. Nell were in Lexington Fridaynight.Mesdames C. M. Best and W. M.Miller attended a reception given byMrs. Amos Turney, of Paris, Thursdayafternoon.SCHEDULE OF VOTESOn New Subscriptions. Also onboth old and new subscriptions secured in Millersburg and North Middletown, Nov. 6th to 13th inclusive.12 Years 248,00010 ears 207,0008 Years 167,5005 Years 105,0004 Years 83,0003 Years 61,2002 Years 40,5001 Year 19,8006 Months 9,600SCHEDULE OF VOTES,On Old Subscriptions Nov. 6th to18th, inclusive.12 Years 224,00010 Years 187,0008 Years 151,5005 Years 95,0004 Years 75,0003 Years 55 2002 Years 36,5001 Year 17,8006 Months 8,600DOTY'S STUDIO, OFFICIAL PHOTOGRAPHERS. Doty s Studio has been appointed theOfficial Photographers of the Big Automobile and Prize Capmaign. A picture of each of the c-mtestants will betaken free and the photos of the leading candidates will be published in theNews during the campaign. Secure anorder from the camDaign manager andbe tne first to have your Dhoto published.Mr. R. B. Boulden. of Pueblo, Col.,who is here on a visit is in charge ofthe local postoffice during the absenceof Postmaster Pepper.Misses Matlie Butler andaMary McDaniel, who are teaching at Sharpsburg and Cynthiana', were at homefrom Friday until Monday.The Sunday school of the M. E.church, South, observed Rally DaySunday morning. An interesting program was rendered and a neal littlesum realized.Mrs. J. J. Peed and Miss FlorenceVimont were in Lexington Saturday,Mis3 Carrie Peed, whon has'been visiting in Lexington for several days returning with them.Rev. J. D. Redd, of the M. E.church, South, will begin a protractedmeeting Wednesday evening. He willbe assisted by Rev. C . F. Wimberly,of Madisonville.Mr. A. S. Best and sister, Miss Nannie Louise Best, went to LouisvilleFriday, returning Saturday with theirmother, Mrs. Sallie Best, whose condition is no better.The turkey season oDened here Friday. Judge T. P. Waddell, who is incharge of the pens of Brent & Brc.received the first birds on that day.Butchering began Saturday.Mr. Albert Wilson and family wereguests of his brother, Mr. R. L. Wilson and family Wednesday and Thursday. They were enroute from Carlisleto their home at Versailles.f ul Jamnese bower, decorations consisting of ferns. Duttedjplanta, Japanese lanterns, and other Japanese' decorations. Many of the ladies were attired in Japanese costumes. A receiving line made up of eight young ladiesof the society in full Japanese dresswere seated on the floor, bowing as theguests passed in iront of them. Alarge crowd was in attendance on bothozcasions. A number of delightfulamusements were indulged in, MissAlpha Ball singing a Japanese song.Tea, chocolate, sandwiches and ricewith chopsticks was served.The protracted meeting which wasto have commenced Sunday at theMethodist church, has been postponeduntil Sunday, November 17, the pastor,Kev. J. S. Simms, having received amessage Saturday from JEvangelist J?B. Harris, who is to conduct the revival, stating that the meeting whichhe is conducting at Columbia, S. C,is at such ar. interesting stage that hewill continue there for another week.Air. Earl Barton, of Millersburg, anMiss Nell Overly, of Flemingsburg,were quietly united in marriage atLouisville Thursday afternoon, at thehome of Rev. Bauny, the officiatingclergyman. Miss Overly is an accomplished young lady, beautiful andattractive, with a large circle offriends throughout Kentucky. Mr.Barton is the only son of Mr. and Mrs.V. L. Barton, a brilliant young man, agraduate'of M. M. I., a member of theclass of lull. In the fall after hisgraduation, he undertook the study ofmedicine in a Louisville Medical College. On his return home last summer, he decidedjto give this calling up,and gives'promise of being a successful young farmei." He andMiss Overly have been sweethearts for quite awhile. After theit return from theirwedding tour they will make the rhome for the present with his parents.Mr. Barton is a grandson of the lateJoshja Bartcn, flwho was well knownthroughout Kentucky. He is also agrandson of the venerable WeslevSmith, who is the only surviving veteran of tne Mexican War in this partot the country. This couple aiehighly connected and can boast Tof ahistoric ancestry. They begin life under the most favorable circumstancesand we predict for them a bright future.Ctltrci Man Dies.J. Jackson, colored, employed bythe Louisville and Nashville railroaddied at a nrlroad camp in ShawhanSaturday troro an attack of hea'ttrouble. He had been ill but a fewdays. The remains were brought tothis city and shipped to his home inMacon, iGa., for burial.To Make Room PricesDinner sets, chamber sets, fire setsand carving sets at "to make roomprices.12 2t FORD & Cu.Special Sale at the New Store.Charley Monson has opened a storein this city at No. 4 Broadway, behindthe Agricultural Bank in the room formerly occupied by the Express Corrnany. Call and see him.? He willkeep every thing4f or man. woman an Jchild, and you can'save 25 per cent eneverything you buy from him. Allnew and fresh stock.12 2tRev. Venerable, of Lewisburg, Tenn,preached at the Presbyterian churchSunday morning and evening. Hecreated a very favorable impressionand a call may be extended him by thecongregation.TURKEYS.We will receive turkeysthis week, and this week only,for the Thanksgiving market.2t CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.Furniture, Carpets, Etc,See thp new fun iture, cam?ts, rugsand pictures that we are leceivinedaily. We can make a wonderfulchange in the home for a little money.See us before Durchasing.J. T. HINTON.Will Demand Cheaper Lights.STANDING OF CONTESTANTS.The list of candidates and the fnumber of votes each has will be printedin this paper each issue. Votes mustbe in this office at noon previous to theday of publication. Votes coming inafter that time will be published inthe next issue.DISTRICT NO. 1Miss Hazel DuvallMis3 Flora HillMibs Matilda James..jliss Frances KenneyRobt. A. RoseWm. CooperMrs. Lizzie BurkeMrs. Leer StoutCharlie Grinnan .Miss Ida PaynterMiss Elemeta HintonMiss Mary BrownErnest BehelarO. P. Carter, JrCarley B. ScottMiss Elsie Thomas. . .Miss Bob MorrisVictor O'NealVoteso0,97n50,97517,2753S,55050,9752(5,32550,9756,4503,95532,8503,fi7547,1505.10050,97528,4754,45024,5252,200Mr. W. A. Smith, representing theLight and Development Comoany, ofSt. Louis, Mo., the company whichrecently purchased the Paris Gas andElectric Company, was in the city yesterday conferring with those in chargeof the plant and members of the CityCouncil regarding a proposed rate forthe lighting of the city and a rate toprivate consumers.The matter will be brought up at amppfincr nt thp Hnnnnil npvt ThnrcHnvIn a closely contested and highly in-J nignt; and tpe probability is that someagreement will be reached .in regardDISTRICT NO. 2.Miss Will Davis JudyMrs. Berfc RashMiss Mai y LigonMrs. Fraak BedfordMrs Wm. FarisMrs. Clark LeerMiss Laura Bell FaulconerMiss Ida Cumber,Miss Sallie K. PetersonMiss Ida Bell TateMiss Lillie MartinMiss Shady ShanksMiss Katherine LinvilleMiss Willie McNamaraMiss Aleda WilsonMrs. Louis Mussinonteresting game on the local groundsSaturday afternoon, the contest between the foot ball teams of M. M. I.and Cynthiana High School resalted 0to 0. The contest was hard foughtfrom the first and many brilliantplays marked the struggle. The gamewas clean throughout.Miss Ethel Collins resigned her position as dav operator for the BourbonHome Telephone Company Saturday.Miss Collins has been connected withthe company for more than three vearsand during that time has given thorough satisfaction. She has provenherself to be the best operator in Millersburc and her place will be hard tofill.That there will be several applicantsfor the office of Postmaster of Millersburg under the new Democratic administration is shown bv the unusual activity on the part of several local Democrats who have the plum in view.Although the expiration of PostmasterPepper's time is two years ahead, theaspirants for his position are buildingtheir fennes with the hope of landingthe position.Prof. VY. M. Martin delivreed an in-fprPstirK nHrrp s at M. M. I. Drill5,450 Hall. Saturday evenng. An interest-47,225 intr program had been arranged by Mrs12,125 Best which gave a pleasing mtroduc26,450 tion to the work. A beautiful piano33,225 solo was rendered by Miss Alma Duke50,975 Jones, followed by a delightful reading24,350 by MissgMartha Smith. The speaker11,325 J was introduced by Col. Best. After a50,75 j few brief complimentary remarks, theo,ou speaker entered into his subject: whichwas "The Splendor of the HumanBody and How to Make it Perfect."Itjwas one ofjthe best lectures "of thekind ever given here.The Woman's Missionary Society ofto a contract for street lighting and arate tor private consumption fixed.The company has been supplying thecity with light since last March without a contract but at the same rate ofthe one which expires the first of themonth. A new contract will be submitted at the next meeting of theCouncil.According to a report the light committee of the Council will demand alower rate for the city lighting underthe new contract and a cheaper ratefor the private consumers. It willalso demand a change in the date setfor discounts to meet the convenienceof the patrons of the company whoare railroad employes.The light committee, it is said, willoppose any effort of the company tosecure a contract with the city for aterm ot years.Free for Thirty Days.LetMr. Grinnan catch baby's smile.Photos taken free for 30davs at Doty'sStudio. Come before 3 n. m.50,97550,9751,4751,7251,3252,525the M. E . church. South, eave a Jan-Address all nominations and commu- anese Tea Friday afternoon and eve-nications to the Campaign Manager Jning in the lecture room of thp church.The Bourbon News, Paris, Ky. ,The room was converted into a beauti-25 VOTE COUPONFill out as directed and send to the Campaign Manager, THE BOURBON NEWS, Paris, Ky. Votes cannotbe bought. They must be cut from THE BOURBONNEWS or secured on subscriptions.Not Good After November 23GREAT AUTOMOBILE AND PRIZE CAMPAIGNThis Coupon will Count for 25 VOTESLOST.!OnMain street between the residence of J. U. . Boardman and ParisGreenhouse, a "lady's tan glove forright-hand. Reward for return to flHJ. U. BOARDMAN.For Sale.Gasoline Engine; 2 H.tional ; little used: PriceBox 260, Paris. Ky.P. ; Interna-S75.00. Lock8-3t.Paris - Grand.Friday, f fNovemberAttended Managers' Meeting.Mr. John MuDermott. local managerof the Western Union TelegraDh Ccmpany, attended the meeting' of theCentral Kentucky managers of thecompany in .Lexington Sunday afternoon. The meeting was presided overby Mr. G. H. Carroll, manager of tLaKentucky District, who delievred ashort talk to the managers on the subject of handling telegraphic messagesby telephone. The meeting was heiiin the parlors of the Phoenix Hoteland at its conclusion Mr. Carroll entertained the managers with an elaborate dinner. Practically all of the Central Kentucky towns were represented.Astonishing Prices.Cut glass in many new shapes arjcuttings at prices that will astonishyon. Lome and see.12 2t FORD & CO.The Play of To-day.Wee & Lambert offer the powerful Western Drama, the 'Country SheriffIn Ar ActsBY LE3VI B. HARPERA Thrilling and SensationalPlay of the North-West.The Climax of Emotion,Beautiful in Sentiment andFull of Comedy.Special Scenery. ElectricalEffects.Prices 25-35-50.Seats on Sale at Mitchell &Ship Runners Home.The string of runners of TurneyBros., i, which has been racing at theLatonia race course, were shipped toParis yesterday following the close ofthe Latonia meeting and were taken tothe farm of Mr. Jesse Turnev, wherethey will be wintered. The string iscomuosed of My Fellow. Kleabourne.Burning Daylight, Horron, Glint, PopGun, Crisco, Elwah and Promoter.The runners were in charge of ThomasMoran, and Mr. Amos Turney.,To Users oi Electric Light.The new management of the PansGas and Electric Co., having takencharge they have decidrd to make thefollowing prices on the lames that arebeing used. Tungsten lamps whichwe have been selling at the followingDrices :25 watt 20 candle power.40 watt 32 candle power.60 watt 48 candle power.100 watt 80c andle pwoei.We will until further notice sell atthe reduced price ot for 20 candlepower 40 cents, 32 candle power 45cents, 48 candle power, 60 cents, 80candle power 90 cents. Can you affordnot to use electricity, the sanest,safest, cleanest and best known meansof illuminating?PARIS GAS AND ELECTRIC CO..Incorporated.6per With Safetyr Securitylent StabilityTo meet existing high cost of livinginvestors must secure larger returnson their capital.How to accomplish this without jeopardizing that capital is the problem.Occasional opportunities are offered,but to select the real from the apparent requires judgment and thoroughinvestigation.We believe we are oifering an exceptional opportunity with everyfacility for a most exhaustive investigation in the 6 per cent preferredstock of the Gibson Hotel Co., Cincinnati. Briefly the features of this investment are:Properry assets more than twicepreferred stock issueProperty values steadily increasing.Past 11 year earnings more thanenough to pay dividendsImprovements increase earning capacity five timesHotel established sixty years.Every requirement of the discriminatinginvestor is met in this securityand we confidently recommend it toany one seeking a conservative investment with a liberal return.Send for our list of diversified investments, not speculative, showingmaximum income consistent withsafety.CincinnatiNew.York'STAJ3LISHED' 166&MEMBERS CINCINNATI 4N.Y. STOCK EXCHANGESCHICAGO BD.OFTRADE, N.Y.COTTON EXCHANGEwiNATIONAL5c and 10c StoreAll Kinds andPrices ofWall PaperPaper HangersFurnished.National 5c and 10c StoreWatch Our Wircdcvs.For....:Dist. No,Address.336Main St., Paris, Ky.Blakemore's.j-sj.