rKTJN.ji J - -.- i . , , ' - --i' jrr -r m-i-i&wss .. s- ". . V3r '$PUBLISHED EVFBY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR-VOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, AUGUST 29, 1913.5POLICEMAN KILLS NEGRODave Milton Meets Death WhenHe Attempts to Draw Gun onPatrolman Fred Link."WE KNOW HOW"..BOURBONTHENEWS.- wyj ppaisffeIced TeaCoastei s'irlj-.1-4With. Cut Star ifBottoms$3.00 per Dozeniced Tea SpoonsJ$1.00 Set of Sax. .VrvSSflTSBSflUsaVBVMIII heSHOOTING IN CLAYSVILLE.-7.V"Slain Negro Threatened Paramour, Who Appealed to OfficerCoroner's Inquest..iWg',V.&V'fCanningis iNow wnBefore buying your Cans, Jars,Sealing Wax, etc., see us. Wecary asome moneywill saveyouStone's Wrapped CakesReceived Presh EveryDay. .I-T. C. LENIHAIN,Cash Grocery.J"LAST CALL !$1.00setA4j52- CHOICE OF OIJR$2.00, $2.50, $3.00StrawHatsrmu 60. ewers- ami FurnishersjPPPyT,1HitUpfeSilk35!rS"5mvnTW)4e2Kw-sraDave Milton, a negro, was shot andinstantly kiklled yesterday .morning atabout 11:30 o'clock by Patrolman FredLink, after he had made an attemptto draw a revolver on the officer, whowas acting in the discharge of hisduty.The killing took place in the negro-suberb of Claysville and was the result of. the official attempting to stopthe negro who it is alleged had theatened to do harm to a negro woman by,the name of Mag Overtree, with whomh was living.Appeals to Officer.Yesterday morning about 11 o'clockthe negro woman applied to Patrolman Link to accompany her to Claysville and assist her in securing someclothing in the house where she andMilton lived as she was going to leavehim for fear he would do her bodilyharm. According to the woman Mil-i sions and had yesterday morning usedsions and had yesterday morining usedthreatening words toward her.Patrolman Link met the woman atthe corner of Vine and Winniestreets, while riding in the deliverywagon of C. P. Cook & Co., and incompany with James Day the driverof the .automobile. Thinking thewoman was loitering on the streethe asked her what business she hadin that vicinity whhen the woman toldher storyWent to Claysville.Link agreed to accompany the woman to Claysville in an effort to secure her clothing and when they-reached the home of Milton he wascoming out on the street. Leavingthe woman he walked rapidly in thedirection of Milton and commandedhim to stop. The negro seeing theofficer, paid no attention to the' command, whereupon Link asked him towait as the woman desired to get herclothing. He then broke into a run,going in the direction of the Louisville& Nashville railroad crossing, whenLink told him if he did not stop hewould put him under arrest.According to the story, of Link, thenegro looked behind him and said,4"I'll kill you, you d white s ,before you'll ever arrest me," and hecontinued to run in a stooped position, at the same time attempting to iget hio revolver out of his belt.Bullet Enters Left Side.Seeing this move Patrolman Linkdrew his revolver and fired, one shot,which took effect in Milton's body.He dropped the revolver Avhich heheld in his and after walking aboutten steps dropped dead in front of thedoor of Nannie Field. The revolver"Belonging to the negro was picked upin front of the home of George Ellis,colored.The shooting took place in view ofbut few witnesses, but a large numberwere attracted by the sound of theshot and soon a number gatheredaround the scene of the killing. Linkwent to the negro who was lying onhis face in the road arid turned himover. He was later taken into hishome.The bullet from the revolver of Patrolman Link, which was a WinchesterSpecial of 38-caliber, entered Milton'sleft side about three inches to the lefttof the center and ranged up, passingentirely through the body and lodgingunder the skin about two inches below the right nipple. The nature ofthe wound and the course of the bullet took indicated that the negro wasrunning in a stooped position with hisleft side turned to the officer.Feared Officers Victim.Coroner Rudolph Davis and Dr. William Kenney were soon on the sceneand the former order the body moved.Dr. Kenney removed the bullet whichwas turned over to Coroner Davis to-ether with the revolver belongingI to the negro. The weapon which wasi a 32-calibre U. S. contained five loadI ed cartridges.The Overtree woman stated yesterday in the presence of a number ofwitnesses that she was afraid of Milton, who had threatened her life several times and frequently whippedher. It is alleged that three days agothe negro shot three times at her, thedifficulty between them arising oversome trivial matter. She said shefeared to live with him any longerand was preparing to get her clothingthat she might take her departure.Body Prepared for BuriaJMilton came to this city about ayear ago from Shorter, Ala.,and hassince been employed as a sectionhand in the Louisville & Nashvillerailroad yards and as a laborer onrailroad construction. He was agedabout twenty-five years.The body was taken to the undertaking establishment of Mrf GeorgeW. Davis where it was prepared forburial and until communication canbe established with his relatives itwill remain there. It is said Milton'sfather resides at Shorter and a telegram was sent him yesterday afternoon. It is probable the remains willbe shipped to that place.Coroner's Investigation.Coroner Rudolph Davis held an investigation in the county court roomyesterday" afternoon at 4 o'clock. Afe.,-v. yfe"fiVOur Entire Line of?S t r a w Hatsare now on sale atHALF PRICEsiLMitcheH & Blakemore,Outfitters to Men!EiKiuniiiimiiiijmuriiiiiimimiiiiiiiiiiniiinimm::(nin;iinir,mnmmiiimjMmimiiiiiiiiiiiimwnjftFRANK & COThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.7S&- j.-ftr EXTRA SPECIALREDUCTIONSi?ON ALLfefjiREADYTOWEARa.f '.;v& -GARMENTS' vFor Summer Wearf1 1 FRANK 5lS44illJt!!H41)UllIiMX:KiIIUyiUllH14i4ttW4rfllUHIIIlUUIUIllliUiWHIlmM9wmMMmmMMmxKWParis, Kentuckytw?$BDizz11CO.. 1 1HWIliMUtllMimHmilllWPti few'fHrNiKjM mL j up- j jip- viii)t Continued on paged .r.THE BOURBON- NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 29, 1913'hkHt"IVvhr-K. -tIisT .fo?Mtm-trmys w.E&gs"gHgg&$&&''&Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Streetr-" li JBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky-Varnish Candles.A. good way to make your candleslast longer than usual is the following, Bays the Montreal Star: Hold eachcandle by the wick and give it acoat of white varnish. Then lay candles away for a day or so to harden.The varnish prevents the grease fromrunning and preserves the life of thecandle many hours.iKentucky Fair Dates.The following are the dates fixedlor holding the Kentucky fairs in 191325 far as reported:"""Ewingr Aug. 21 3 days.3minence, Aug. 21 3 days.Elizabethtown, Aug. 26 3 days.Shelbyville, Aug. 26 4 days.London, Aug. 26 i days.Nicholasville, Aug. 26 3 days.Florence, Aug. 27 l days.'Germantown, Aug. 27 1 days.Alexandria, Sept. 2 5 days.Fulton, Sept. 2 Z days.Frankfort, Sept. 2 4 days.Somerset, Sept. 2 i day&.3ardstown, Sept 3 i days.Barboursville, Sept.' 3 3 days.Tompkinsvilie. Sept 3 4 days.SVanklinc Sep' s 3 days.HodgenviiV. -er. 9 3 days.Montipello :SiM. 9 4 days.Morgantown, Sept 11 3 daysfsrIs 'Easy to Have, NaturalColored and Beautiful" iSo many women have grey or faded jcair; neglect it until it becomes thin,dry and lifeless, begins to fall out and-snakes them appear much older thanthey really are. If your hair is in-this condition get a bottle of Hay's"Hair Health today. Don't wait untiloine one says how much older yourock. You'll be delighted at thej 'suits from even one or two applications. The grey hairs gradually discTjvar and your hair will become fulli hie and vitality. No one can telljxhI $ou are using it It's not a dyeIttt n 'nice, clean preparation thatTcMy and effectively keeps your grey?ir dark, glossy and natural coloredf'3 that all druggists guarantee sattdactory or refund your money. Always ask for Hay's Hair Health. Itvievor fails.Free: Sign this'adv. and take it to theblowing druggists and get a 50c. bottVe of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.ake of Harfina Soap, for 50c; or $1.00bottle of Hay's Hair Health and two. JEc. cakes of Harfina Sap Free, for 51,L. OBERDORFER, Druggist,Paris, Ky.JVi. A. CAHAL.Barber Shop.4PTirst-C(ass Workmen.Fok'te and Prompt Attentionto AH.Hot and Cold BathsWe Thank You For a Share ofYour Patronage.FififMry flTPBsn nunf liUuEiwIHiiU ilnillFOR WOMENI?S8I!witWe Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes buck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeWitOnfy True Liberty.The liberty which is good is notthe liberty of one gained at the expense of others, but the liberty whichcan be enjoyed by all who dwell together. L. T. Hobhouse.Emery Supply Restricted.The world's supply of emery comesfrom Greek islands and from AsiaMinor near Syria. Importations intothe United States average $250,000 annually. ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.As administrator or J. H. Linville,deceased, I will offer for sale at publicauction, on the home farm, at Millersburg, Ky., onSept. 3, 1913, at 10 A. M.the following property:2 full bed room suites;1 chamber set and lot of other furniture, such as carpets, rugs, tables,chairs, mattresses and bed steads andmatting, kitchen and dining room furniture; Lot of enameled ware;Lot of milk crocks and pans;2 clocks;1 sewing machine;Lot of bedding, blankets, pillows,etc.;Half dozen brooms;1 lot stone jars;1 lot glass jars;1 wash machine;Lot old iron;1 step ladder;1 iron kettle;1 lawn mower;1 lot tools; ,2 breaking plows;1 double-shovel plow;1 tobacco plow;1 no-top buggy;1 rubber tire buggy;1 two-horse wagons;1 sled and 1 log chain;1 roller;1 Frazier cart;3 hog troughs;4l hog houses;1 gasoline engine and corn mill;1 clipping machine;6,000 tobacco sticks;1 transplanter;1 seed sower;1 one-horse drill;1 grind stone;1 saddle and bridle;1 set cart harness;1 post-hole digger;1 A tooth harrow; .1 disc harrow;3 sows and 15 pigs; "3 red sows in pig;1 three-year old mare;1 yearling colt;1 aged mare;1 two- year old gelding;1 Jersey cow and calf;1 six-year old Jersey cow;1 spotted Jersey cow;1 cow and weanling calf;1 lot old corn;1 red calf;5 yearling steers; v4 heifers; " ,19 ewes and one buck; .1 reaper; . - -" 1 corn crusher;1 Ross cutting box;1 acre cow peas;One-half interest in 6 acres tobacco;14 acres of corn;One-half interest in 20 acres corn;A lot of clover and timothy hay;A lot of other fanning implements.TERMS All amounts Tinder $20.00cash; over that amount negotiablenote, with interest at rate of 6' percent payable in six months.W. V. HUFFMAN,Administrator.SH30. D. SPBAKBS, Auct. (5-td)The Bourbon NewsPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at Postoffic .t Paris, Ky.as mail mattei f 1 e - econd classEstablished 18b i -30 Years of Continuous Publicationt Published Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .2.00 Six Months. .1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.Tbe right o? publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space a newspaper's stock intrad cou. c of revenue.GIRL OWNS AND RUNSBIG WESTERN RANCH.Ten years ago Miss Helen Lynchwas a student in the High School atOmaha. Today she owns and ner-sonally operates a cattle ranch of10,000 acres near Hyanis, Neb., onwhich are thousands of cattle and 100horses and "cow ponies." The ranchis known as the "O-H," and cattlebearing that brand can be seen in thelivestock markets of Omaha, Chicagoand Kansas City.Miss Lynch did not graduate fromthe Omaha schools, but she has madea success of the business to which shebevoted herself upon the death of herfather ten years ago.Thomas Lynch left a little propertyin tne snape ot a small ranch out inthe "sand hills" country, a widow andtour children. At a family councilafter the funeral Helen announcedher intention of quitting school anddevoting her attention to the smallranch. Mr. Lynch had often said thatHelen had good business sense, andmother gave her consent."No long-range management forme," said Helen. "I'm going out tothe ranch and live on it."And she did. Her father had manyfriends out on the range, and theywere glad to advise her. She was ableto separate good from the bad. Soshe prospered and the ranch grewfrom the small affair left by the father to the 10,000-acre domain of todayLast year Helen cut 1,100 tons of hayYort,h in Omaha more than $15,000'At the beginning there was considerable trouble with cattle "rustlers" Anumber of ranchmen got together anddetermined to wipe them out, and several of her cowboys lent their aidSince then no cattle have ever been"rustled" on that ranch.Miss Helen is an expert horsewoman and is in the saddle almostconstantly. She is her own managerbuys her own cattle and takes themto market. She uses a big "MilesCity" saddle, carries a lariat at thepummel and a revolver in a holsterShe wears a divided skirt, a pair ofboots that reach to her knees, and alarge soft white hatShe can use the lariat with any cowboy on the range and is a good shot.She is the best "hazer" around Hyannis. The hazer on a rannh is tho t.?h.er who steers a bucking broncho thatu Tm roKen. He follows at theheels of the regular "buster," andwhen the broncho is seen to be headed for a barbed wire fence or anyother danger, he must so maneuver ash xis own mount between itand the threatened danger. The jobis one for a full-sized man. MissLynch is the only woman "hazer" inthe county., Miss Lynch's main object in carrying a lariat is to assist an animal indistress Steers often get mired inthe mud around the water holes andwill perish if left to themselves. MissHelen casts her rope over its hornsand with the other end of the ropecurely fastened to the pommel of hersaddle pulls the animal outiviefCent.blizzard came on sudden-Lndnfsw2 across the plains at therate of flfty miles an hour Missand such of her cowboys as sheset onr3 their "es andset out after the great herd whichthey knew would soon start driftingbefore the snowy blasts. Before th!riders arrived at that part of therange m which the herd had beenSEX Theeaonals were satbSSwnt afS tho WbyS,and Miss Lynchwent after them and mile after mileheeadraoCff Thf0?-the riders ?fn 2r the fnSbtened animals. Final y the cows and calves gave up theflight and suffered themselves to btherded but the steers kept on goingNext day the blizzard was over buton all sides were piled great snowdrifts some twenty feet deep. Manymiles to the south the stampeded herdwas found in ravin and es drawsMany were frozen to death; otherserS s deeP the drifts that nothing but their heads and horns could beseen. Lariats were thrown over theirhorns and the steers pulled out, MissLynch doing her share of the workHis "Maiden" Name ,It is said at certain seasons inScotland, when the fishing Is not verybrisk, the fishermen act as caddies,and are easily recognized by their costume, a woolen jersey and trousersbraced up to the armpits. One ofthese was asked his name by the gentleman for whom he was carrying,and the reply was: "Weel, sir, hereabouts they roaistly ca' me 'Breakabut ma 'raaldfcu' name Is 'Broon, ", -. .,. .-. r to get beter-prices. - - '- wc- 1 scav tvmafr, IVIUIrsuurv, tvv a. hRYE AS A COVER CROPPREVENTS LAND WASHINGKentucky is a land largely made upof rolling, hilly, or even mountainousareas with most of its soil "of a clayformation. These two conditions present a most favorable combination forwashing and in nearly every part ofthe state one becomes impressed withthe terrible damage done annually bythe gullying of sloping areas ca.isedby heavy rains. Corn is Kentucky'sprincipal crop, especially from thestandpoint of area planted, and thiscrop after thorough loosening of thesoil from cultivation during the summer leaves the ground in perfect condition for washing and subsequentgullying. The most effective way ofpreventing this great damage to ourfarms is by never leaving these cultivated areas open to the heavy rainsof fall and winter, this being prevented by providing some growing crop tocover the ground during these seasons. The plant most in favor in this Stateas a cover crop is rye. This is because of the relative cheapness ofseed, the lateness at which rye can besown, the comparative certainty ofgetting a stand, its degree of immunity to winter freezing, and the pasturage which the crop furnishes beforeplowing under preparatory to the nextyear's crop.Rye as a cover crop may be sown inthe corn field any time from September fifteenth to October fifteenth, theearlier seeding often furnishing goodlate fall and winjter pasturage. Itwould be an excellent practice if eachfarmer would annually sow enoughrye as a regular crop to provide sufficient seed for planting all areas on thefarm which would otherwise be leftnaked during the winter.Doubtless theNmly shortcoming ofrye as a cover crop is that it does notI fed UDon nitroeen taken riirentlv frnm! the air and hence adds more of thisvaluable element of plant food to thesoil. We must look to the so-called leguminous plants to perform this function. Hairy, or winter vetch perhapsbest supplements this need and can besuccesfully grown with rye by reduc1 ing the quantity of rye seed and sowing during September, preferably notlater than the fifteenth of that month.Rye and vetch after mixing can be'sown from the grain drill, in whichrcase from two to three -pecks of ryeand about twenty pounds of vetch peracre should be nsed. Winter vetchhas a slim stem, leaflets somewhat re-sembling those of alfalfa in shape and1 a blue clustering blossom which apI pear shortly before the ripening of the.rye. Its reclining nature makes thej rye of great benefit in its support forwith its tendrils the vetch climbsnearly to the full height of the rye.The feeding value of vetch is excellentand more Kentucky farmers shouldtest its merit as a cover crop, withrye.GREAT EUROPEAN ARTISTSWITH GENTRY BROTHERSWhen the average American is seeking a place near the stove in winterthe agents of the big tented shows areworking industriously engaging actsfor the season which comes withseason. This part of the amusementworld is one which the public is notfamiliar. A little look into thatcranny proves interestoing.November marks the close of theseason for tented attractions like Gentry Bros.' Famous Shows, which willvisit this city next Saturday, Sept.6. When thelast wheel of the trainsstop at winter headquarters the organization of the show for the succeedingseason begins.Trainers get busy framing new features. A showman, whose judgmenthas been demonstrated at once goes toEurope. He make a careful canvassof the music halls and vaudeville theatre. For months he is acquaintinghimself with the novelties that aredelighting the audiences on the otherside.He carefully selects from the thousands of acts he sees will most delight the American show patrons hemakes engagements Many performerswho have pleased royalty, are broughtto this country to become a part ofGentry Brothers Shows.This season Gentry Brothers showspresent, in addition to their world'sfamous animal actors, a score of performers who will be seen this seasonfor the first time in America. Gentry Brothers famous shows are indeedall new. If you see them here nextSaturday, Sept. 6, you will recognizethem in the name only.Killed by Flying Splinter.A curious death befell a child at StDie, France, the other day. A manWas cutting up tree trunks for firing.He was splitting some of the largeones by boring a hole, putting in a little gunpowder, and exploding it. Atiirl of eight watched him from behind a first-floor window which closed.Suddenly a trunk exploded, and asplinter flew up, smashed through thewindow, and pierced the child's heart.She died immediately.SUPREME COURT TO ATTACKTOBACCO POOLING ASSOCIATIONThe fate of tobacco pooling associations as well as other framers' organizations organized to get better priceswill come before the Supreme Courtin October, when an attack will bej made upon the constitutionality of theKentucky statute legalizing tobaccopooling organizations. It is also saidto be in conflict with the Sherman anti-trustlaw.The joint tobacco commission of Congress, investigating the effect of foreign governmental "purchases of American tobacco, is considering a proposal to reccommend to Virginia growers the formation of pooling organizations, similar to those in Kentucky, asthe only method of getting a livingprice out of their tobacco crops.Should the Supremee Court annul theKentucky statute,- the pooling ideamight not be available to the Virginia and Carolina growers.The exact status of tobactfo poolingorganizations has never been beforethe Supreme Court. It is said thatthe decision in the case will applyequally to al farmers aliances formedto get beterprices.Without good red blood a nan has a weak heart and roc nerves. Thinness ofthe blood, or anaemia, is common in joung folks a well as o'd. rspecaJiy is itthe case with those who work in illy ventilated factories or those vho are shutup indoors in winter time with a coal stove burning up ihe oxygen c- emittircarbonic (oxide) gas. This blood, or I lood hiJi lacks the red blood corpuscles;in anacm.c people may have been caused by lack ot ood fresh a.r brertVd intolungs, or It rnor digestion or dyspepsia. Sometimes people surfer ltenspain over t 2 heat which" is not hart disease at all, but caused by indigestion.Whatever! " cause, there's ju.t one rz:zdy that you can Lira Ls knowinsthat it lia ,' en satisfaction for o er 40 yars.D f"i. PXII'f'iCE'SOMM MEDICAL FE1SCOVBRYis a blood eleansex and alterative that -"'-; the Incr and 'tcnuch into vcrousaction. It thus assists the body to manufacture rich red blood which fc ds thsheart -nerves brain ard organs of the body. The organs work smoothly hksmachinery running in oil. You feel clean, strong and strenuous instead of tired,' i.cakandfa'nt. Nowadays you can obtain Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical E):sccvery Tablets, as well as the I quid fen frcn all medicine dealers, cr tabletsLy mail, prepaid m 1 or EOc size. Adreas R. V. Pierce, r'. D., Buffalo, N. Y.DJJ. PIERCE'S GREAT TC8 PG3 ILLCTIRVTED COY VON SENSE MEDICALADYISZS VILL BE SE5T TREE, CLOTH BOUHD FOX 31 ONS-CEM STAMPS.lWJ!i,- V'3w9233f2tr$&(2ga5)Hot FactsIf you have been a housekeeper any lengthof time you have probably tried different kindsof COAL. And after all kinds of experiences and complaints you know there is justone kind of FUEL that gives absolute satisfaction always, that is Fox RidgeCoal. Remember you cannot' order tooearly to avoid the high priees.Doclson 5 DentonThe Home of Good CoalYards, South Main St. Both Phones?140CfeSQasiQgsxCJSafeBSiirSASK!iEII&IiBlAEEifllpi who has one, what wonders the. Cumberland Telephone works1. Sells My Products 4. Protects the Home2. Gets Best Prices 5. Helps the Housewife3. Brings Supplies 6. Increases Profits7. Pays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal raasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet.For information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated,UllIlLETO -Twin Bios. Depanmeni SfoieCorner Seventh and Main Sts.Dry Goods, Ladles' and Misses' Skirts, Waists, Shoes andMillinery, Slightly Soiled, Big Bargains.IrWhat could be belter for town or country buildings than a roofingthat won t bunr-won t leak that is lightning proof lasts as longas the building itself, and never needs repairs ?Cortright Metal Shingles meet every one of these requirements.Beware of imitations--None genuine without the words " CortrightReg. U. S. Pat. Of." stamped on each shkigle. .Ft Sale, by 'vTHAI:? WATEE"About Fuel !a - -THE FARMERfor him. He will reply:DAYAT. .. ftiI&'"M?ff1I i5,, , ' , . -S it ,? ".,... . . . . ln& ' Its4THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, K AUGUST 29 1913;-A'WVi,.'iIU1T IS THROWNOUT OF COURTFirst of Tax Actions By Revenue Agent to Be Decided.BURLEY SOCIETY WINSSimilar Claims To Be Heard inForty-four Counties.LISTING DUTY OF OWNER!Enormous Sum Represented ByTaxes and Fees Sought.RUINOUS COURSE DEPLOREDLEXINGTON, KY. Upon theground that proof presented failed toBhow that property rightfully taxablehad not been listed or that any property at issue had been omitted fromassessment, the proceeding of JohnHoward, revenue agent for the Stateat large, against the Burley TobaccoCompany, in which recovery of sixtythousand dollars in taxes and twelvethousand dollars in fees was sought,Was thrown out of court. This wasthe first of forty-five similar suitsbrought by the Revenue Agent in Kentucky to be heard.The laconic announcement of JudgeJ. Percy Scott: "I have heard plentyread and plenty said; this case is dismissed," which answered a suggestion from counsel for the plaintiff thathe give a careful reading to cases thatthat been cited and also decided anotable cause, put too great a strainupon the feelings of those who hadwatched the course of the hearing fortwo days, and the county court roomresounded with applause.Dismissed on Motion.The decision was predicted on amotion to dismiss which was made byJudge O'Rear when the case for theplaintiff had been rested shortly afternoon, and obviated the taking of amass of testimony represented in 200witnesses called for the defense. Beginning immediately after court reconvened, argument of attorneys onthe motion continued until almost 5o'clock, and the case was presentedwith the same thoroughness and uponthe same merits as though it had runthe full course of testimony.Responsibility With Grower. ,Involved in the outcome was thepleading that responsibility for listingthe property in question reposed withthe grower, and that the Society, asjelling agent, was not liable for theot-oo h?e ormonfirm v.oir.0- oiin?QTif.lv sunnorted bv decisions of the Court !of Appeals submitted to the court. Itwas shown conclusively also that thelaw required that the property be assessed at the residence of the real andbeneficial owner.Victory Is Important.The victory of the society was regarded as of large moment in that theFayette County case occupied the position of keystone in the series of suits.The tobacco of numerous other counties was delivered here for sale andlommincled wth local crops: also thisis the home office of the Burley To-bacco Society and the Burley TobaccoCompany. Lively interest in the actionwas evinced by business men and bankers of Lexington as well as a host ofgrowers, and a number of those whoapplauded the decision had partici-ipated in the meeting of the Commercial Club when the course of the RevTenue Agent was deplored and the dragnet suits he had brought were brandedas unnecessary and hurtful, jeopardizing the tobacco interests of the State.Litigation Hurtful.It was conceded that in this action,the first to be tried, the Revenue Agentwould bring his most effective resources to bear, and it was predictedthat the result would have importantbearing upon other suits. The litigation has tied up three hundred andsixty thousand dollars in the hands of&1.. AHM,UniAt --!? m.nTATn XTT?11 Oft-when the ast of the cases has beendisposed or.Taxes ciaimea in me ioriy-iive builsaggregate 972f53U.So, and in additionthe fees anticipated by the RevenueAgent and his attorneys reach theenormous sum of $176,745.15, makinga grand total of $1,149,276. ,Claims By Counties.In each of the suits the allegationIs made that tobacco in the pools of1906, 1907 and 1909 and proceeds wereomitted from taxation for the years1907 to 1911, inclusive. The tax andpenalty claimed in each, county follow: Adair, $375, $75; Anderson,$7,400, $1,480; Barren, $4,530, $904;Boyle, $300, $60; Boone, $16,600,$3,320; Bourbon, $17,500, $2,500;Bracken, $46,150, $9,230; Breckinridge,$900, $180; Carroll, $21,150, $4,230;Casey, $500, $100; Clark, $17,600,$3,520; Fayette $60,000, $12,000; Fleming, $33,650, $6,730; Franklin, $25.85,$5.15; Gallatin, $12,250, $2,250; Grant,$29,550, $5,910; Green, $1,500, $300;Hardin, $1,250, $250; Harrison, $48,800,$9,760; Hart, $12,800; $2,560; Henry,$14,500, $2,00; Jefferson, $260,915,$52,183; Jessamine, $7,850, $1,570;Kenton, $6,150, $1,230; Larue, $1,860,$372; Laurel, $150, $30; Lewis, $94,000,$1,880; Lincoln, $15, $4; Madison,1.000. $200: Mastfn. $60,500. $12,100;Meade, $2,850, $570; Mercer, $9,350,$1,870; Metcalfe, $3,810, $762; Montgomery, $11,250, $17,250; Nelson, '$1,200,$240; Nicholas, $23,600, $4,720; Oldham, $1,200, $240; Owen, $37,000,47,400; Pendleton, $15,200, $3,400;Robertson, $6,250, $1,250; Scott, $43;C00, $8,600; Spencer, $8,950, $1,7907Trimble, $13,100, $2,620: Washington,3,0W, $606; Woodford, $13,000, $2,00.Businew Men Deplore SUitSiAt a meeting of the Xiexington ComwrP ndnXfl. UOWm5reSOmUOnaiToHa Vita WillVBring Back Strength"Whereas, it has been tfroueht tothe attention of the Board of Directorsof the Lexington Commercial Club,that the tobacco interests of this citvand State are again jeopardized byfnrf.hpr Wnew oi,o ':";"litigation having been instituted b? diXt BtembeaVcrioacgiee?yS 2d Mt H neds s greJ medicfne iftw"Whereas, the tobacc6 interest of , recoIzedaa th National Tonic andLexington and the Burley tobacco dis-1 1S ndorfd by physicians generallystrict is one of the greatest of our in- T?na a J1 J build you uf in a fevustrial, commercial and financial as-l,?', D".t h? neTyou depressed,sets, an interest and a business which idirectly affects 40,000 farmers who,l With thftir fflmiliPK Tinrnhpr nrmrnvi.mately 200,000 of our citizens, and,"Whereas, one of the main wheelsand factors in this great commercial,industrial and financial tobacco enterprise, has been -and is now the organization known as the Burley Tobacco jSociety, whose efforts in behalf of thefarmers should be appreciated by every business man, and the benefits re- jsuiting from those efforts cannot bedisputed or denied, therefore, be itAsk For Dismissal."Resolved, That we deplore thegreat handicap of unnecessary litigation that has for many months hindered and embarassed the laudable efforts of the Burley Tobacco Societyand especially do we regret the further annoyance and embarrassment ofthis company by the prosecution ofnumerous suits by the revenue agents,in this and other counties, and for thegood of a vast number of farmersand other interests of the State wehope and trust that the State andcounty officials will see their way clearto dismiss. these actions now pendingand that they and others will hereafter refrain from a like class of prosecutions." Tax System Blamed.Discussing the tax system of Kentucky in relation to the litigation inpoint, Editor Desha Breckinridge, ofthe Lexington Herald, says:"Among other innumerable faults ofthis system, there are none more glaring than the provisions for the appointment and authority given to revenue agents. It became a custom forsome lawyers to make an arrangement with the revenue agents for adivision of the fees allowed for thecollection of back taxes, institutingsuits in the name of the revenue agent,when in fact it was the lawyer whoconceived and executed the purposeto bring the suit. So flagrant becamethe abuses because of the institutionof drag-net suits, which were oftencompromised for amounts only partof which reached the State Treasury,that the last Legislature modified thelaw so as to prevent this abuse.Huge Drag-Net Cast."But there are still glaring evils under the present system, some of whichare revealed by the innumerable suitsinstituted by John Howard, of Mid-j dleboro, a revenue agent for the State-at-Large, against the Burley Tobacco' Society. The aggregate amount ofproperty, for taxes on which suitswere brought, is some sixty millionsof dollars, the taxes on which wouldbe some six hundred thousand dol-ars, with a penalty, which would goto recompose the revenue agent andhis attorneys. The amount sued foris, of course, made so large as to cov-er all possible contingencies, nice adrag-net with which the fishermanhopes to catch everything in the pond.. . . It is most unfortunate for theI rjurxey luuuwu ouwcLOf, iui mu uui-T 1 m. Ta ma d -!. . J rt 4"w -P -1- r Tley tobacco growers, for the State andfor the City of Lexington, that thesesuits have been instituted in the wayin which they have been; and mostunfortunate that there is apparentground for the charge that their purpose is not so much to collect theamount of taxes due, if any are due,as to hamper and harass the BurleyTobacco Society.The Just And The Unjust."There are forty thousand'fnembersof the Burley Tobacco Society whopledged their crops of 1911. Many ofthem undoubtedly listed their tobaccofor taxation, as they are required todo by law, it being the duty of theowner of tobacco to list it for taxation. The suits, if successful, wouldrequire the society to pay out of itsgeneral fund, taxes on all the tobaccoin its possession on the day on whichit was required to be listed, so thatthose who had listed their tobacco fortaxation and paid the taxes would bemulcted, as would also those who hadnot listed their tobacco. There aremembers of the Society who live inIndiana and Ohio who will, if thesesuits are successful, be required tocontribute to pay the taxes collectedin the forty counties of Kentucky, and, -venue age, -daUon..on hand ready for distribution some, tnree hundred thousand dollarsIt is,of course, impossible for it to distribute that amount as long as these suitsare on the docket unsettled."It Seems Curious.""It seems curious that these suitsshould have been instituted againstthe Burley Tobacco Society, an organization formed for the purpose ofaiding the tobacco growers to securea reasonable price for their product,instead of having the American Tobacco Company secure that productat its own price, when no similar suitshad been previously brought againstthe warehouses of Louisville, in whichfor years there have been enormousamounts of tobacco stored, nor anysimilar suit brought against the DarkTobacco Association, of SouthwesternKentucky, which was organized beforethe Burley Tobacco Society. It isfurther a matter of comment thatJudge Lewis Apperson, of Mt. Sterling, the attorney for the revenueagent, Mr. Howard, who has instituted these suits, has always been aliolent opponent of the Burley TobaccoSociety. Judge Apperson grew a cropof tobacco, which was guarded at public expense, in the cut-out year, andbecause of the pool of 1906 and. 1907,and the cut-out, which he vigorouslyopposed and bitterly denounced, soldhis tobacco at a much higher pricethan he would have otherwise beenable to obtain for it. He now appearsas attorney of record for the Staterevenue agent who institutes suits, theeffect, if not the purpose of which, istotharass and to hamper the BurleyTobacco Society.j TIRED OUT, NERVOUS-J-WiU UIOUUUnHUtwand Ambition Almost at Once.No time like the present to get well,strength or ambition, don't put of doU.B T , 5 ,, ST l iSfe Jrfnends and yourself to throw off thising something about it another day.a"-&lu a " ,10"5 , ' u. , 1L Luua;ii you nave lost nesn weign youiatsii.after taking it a week. You will beastonished by the weight you havegained.Tona Vita is sold by Chas. E. Butler & Co.Poor Provider.An old negro in Texas was asked ifhe was going to register. He wishedto know how he would have to proceed. On being told that he had toswear to support the constitution, hiseyes widened, and, drawing a longbreath, he said he couldn't do it, because he couldn't support himself.$100 REWARD, $100The readers of this paper will be 'pleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that scienc has 'been able to cure in all its stages, jand that is Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh 'P.nrft is thft nnlv nnsiHvp. tmrn now iknown to the medical fraternity.Catarrh being a constitutional disease,requires a constitutional treatment.Hall's Catarh Cure is taken internally,acting directly upon the blood and themucous surfaces of the system, thereby destroying the foundation of thedisease, and giving the patient morestrength by building up the constitu-"0",.ani,iSS?"S:L;"d.0iAs!that poet must have known Vhat hewuiiv. iiiw jjiujjiienjio uavc bu uxuuufaith in its curative powers that theyoffer One Hundred Dollars for anycase that it fails to cure. Send forlist of testimonials.Address: F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo,Ohio.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (August)A A A Is What the Aver-i"UU are untrained Man. " t.receives, trained Q1 AAAMan vJJLVVUY. M. C. A. Schoolswirj, HKr,i youDay and Night Classes OpenSeptember 1 . -NIGHT'LAWADVERTISINGSALESMANSHIPAUTOMOBILESIIORPHANDBOOKKEEPINGTaught by men who know. Cutout andmail to-day for complete catalog.NameAddressDay nnd livening Classes. Oven Sept. 1.Y. II. U, A. SCHOOL7th and Walnut Sts., Cincinnati, O.High-grade personal instruction, withpractical shop work. Cut qut and mailtoday for complete catalogue.Name.Address .JPIftS Saved Girl's LifeJ "I want to tell you what wonderful benefit I have re-J ceived from the use of Thedford's Black-Draught," writesJ Mrs. Sylvania Woods, of Clifton Mills, Ky.J "It certainly has no equal for la grippe, bad colds,J liver and stomach troubles. I firmly believe Black-DraughtW saved my little girl's life. When she had the measles,J they went in on her, but one good dose of Thedford'sJ Black-Draught made them break out, and she has had noJ more trouble. I shall never be withoutBLack-drTughTJ in my home." For constipation, indigestion, headache, dizzi-S ness, malaria, chills and fever, biliousness, and all similardh ailments, Thedford's Black-Draught has proved itself a safe,l reliable, gentle "and valuable remedy.If you suffer from any of these complaints, try Black-Draught It is a medicine of known merit Seventy-fiveJ years of splendid success proves its value. Good for5 young and old. For sale everywhere. Price 25 cents.how'tHe expression"show me" originatedA little while ago a well-intentionedcritic of St Louis informed the business men that their city had outgrownits stuck-in-the-mud slogan, "You'llhave to sliow me," and that the firststep in the direction of progress mustbe the selection of a less slow slogan.A few of those who read his speechin the daily papers protested that"show me" was never in any senseI the property of St. Louis. They werenot sure whence it had come, nor whyThey could remember only vaguelythe first time they heard it, but theywere positive it belonged to the Stateof Missouri, and not to any one city,assuredly not to the metropolis on theMississippi.A gentleman with a fondness fordelving in the dust-laden records ofthe Historical Society has now appeared with the information that thechallenge, "You'll have to show me,"is the corruption of the name of afamous Indian chieftain of the Siouxtribe, whose grave is in the westernpart of the State old Yumus Shomehaving led the tribe who crossed thelowlands below the mouth of the Illinois, carrying their canoes on theirheads from the Mississippi to the Missouri, and thus giving the name tothe historic old French town, Portagedes Sioiux. Yumus Shome, it is said,is buried at Westport, in Jacksoncounty, and his name carelessly pronounced "You mus' show me," hasPassed into the vernacular of the&caco.It is a pretty story, and one thatu'e 0USht to Permit ourselves thepleasure of believing. But, alas, itlb practical age, ana sooner or latersome stickler for the fact is sure tocome forward with the proof thatthere never was any such chief asYumus Shome. The man who wroteto one of the daily papers concerninghim must have had some authority forhis statement. Indeed he had whatlooked like excellent authority. Hefound it in a scrap book, and it wasin very good hexameter. He was surewas writing about or he would nothave succeeded in getting: his versespublished. The material story of the Jchief appeared in a magazine calledKings and Queens of the Range, anddevoted to the interests of the greatTexas and Kansas ranchers. It waspublished while the exposition atOmaha was in the flower of its firstsuccess, and was the effect and thecause of "You must show me."It came about in this way: WhenOmaha first talked about holding atrans-Mississippi exposition the news-?.aii?:!.in,Kan?. CitX induIsed S aLusuaue oi sarusuc gmes. Tiie ideaof Omaha, the dead one. bestirring: itself enough to get up a world's fairwas too preposterous to be acceptedas serious. And so, when the fairbecame a fact and included amongits days a Kansas City day, a largedelegation went up from the Kawtown, each wearing a button with"the legend, "I'm from Missouri. You'llhave to show ime." The expressioncaught the public fancy and in a little while Missouri was known theworld over as the "Show Me State."'sinoq -;s ou io sbsubx sbav t osthat started the stick-in-the-mud "slogan. Blood Oranges in Demand.Sidon oval blood oranges fromPalestine are the most prized in the'.orld, according to a firm of fruitbrokers in Liverpool, which is nowimporting nearly a million boxes oforanges from that country.WHY IT SUCCEEDS.Because It's for One Thing Only, andParis People Appreciate This.Nothing can be good for everything.Doing one thing well brings success.Doan's Kidney Pills are for onething only.For weak or disordered kidneys.Here is reliable-evidence of theirworth.A. G. McCauley, 137 S. Maple St.,Winchester, Ky., says: "There, werepains through my kidneys and the secretions were scanty and painful inpassage. On a friend's recommendation I got a box of Doan's Kidney Pillsand the results of their use convincedme of their merits. I now gladly confirm what I said about them.""When your back is lame remember the naime." Don't simply ask fora kidney remedy ask distinctly forDoan's Kidney Pills the same thatMr. McCauley had. 50c at all stores.Foster-Milburn Co., Props., Buffalo.N.Y.U-G3JSPECIAL TRAIN EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURNSunday, AUG. 31$.25RoundTripSPECIALLeaves GEORQETOWN 7:45amASK TICKET AGENT FOR PARTICULARS.GEO, W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMEDBOTH'PHONES DAI 137; NIGHT 399.Twin Bros.' Department Ster701-703 Main Street, Corner SeventhSee Our Window For$12.50, $15.00 and $18.00 SuitJpatJlQThese Suits are in the latest styles and colors and areexcellent values. Take af look at. them. We also have atfull line of Shoes, Hats, Caps, Shirts and everything th.1Men andBoys wear. rTWIN BROS., CLOTHINGL. Wollstein, Propri or.Special Rates &j Excursions.Eucursion'to Cincinnati, Ohio,and returnSunday, Jim.$1.50 ROUND TRIPThis train leaves Paris at 7:50 a.m.t arriving Cincinnati 10:30 a.m., returning leaves Fourth St.station, Cincinnati, at 7 p. m.Tickets good on special A trainonly.Low round-trip Summer Tourist tickets to all Summer resortsin the North and Northwest onsale May 15 to Sept 30. Finallimit date 31, 1913, with liberalstop-over privileges.For further information, callon or address.W. H. HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, TA.PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENT"Will cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching Piles.It absorbs the tumors, allays itching at once,acts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and $1.00. .WILLIAMS MEG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky."Roxie" Dati$!Che Insurance HsentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Tavhig Companies.Give Old "Nub" a CaH.2 Helios 137.23RoundTrinTRAINtoDEP'7Ctirtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,'(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AHHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Patronage Solicited.lew Barber SliopWindsor Hotel.I3Modern Equipment,PoliteTService.Everything Sanitary. - " jChildren's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDSpecialtPrices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther Notice,nra1We pay 12 l-2c foe greera t" ,beefthides. CalKusup ,Por bring it to our place. iMAX MUNICH,8th StTeefc, . PARI, KCall "asfc Ten. Fhone 3T-kVWr$L &iis...v;"v 4$ -A-. 2-. -A,'.vsw. jurVHE BOURBONTNEWS, PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, K .AUGUST 29,1913o. iW-lr-tM,The Bourbon Newsfc- Established Feb. 1, 1881.i " 'iWIFT CHAMP, - Editor andPublisherI'fa jpsntered at the Paris Kentucky3'P office as Mail Matter of the SPost-SecondClass.)TWO CONCERTS SUNDAY BYFAMOUS ELLERY BANDThe Ellery Band, which is to givetwo grand concerts at the Paris FairGrounds on next Sunday, was chosenfrom among list of more than a scoref America's most prominent bands,to supply the music for the NationalConservation Exposition at Knoxville,Tenn. The band, which is now playing its second engagement this summer at the Cincinnati Zoological Gardens, will stop over in Paris just longenough to play the two concerts announced, and will then take the nighttrain for Knoxville, where it will openits two months' engagement on Monday afternoon. No one should missthis rare opportunity for hearing sucha splendid aggregation as this, andthe Pair Grounds ought to hold a record crowd on this red-letter occasion.M atinee.PART ONE.1. March "Salute to Paris"CostantinoOverature, "Poet and Peasant".SuppeEuphonium Solo, "The Lost2.2.Chord" SullivanMr. Louis De Santis.4, "Faust" Act II GounodThe Great Kenmesse Scene, Chorusof Villagers, Arrival of Mephisto andBeginning of Trouble, His Aria, "TheGolden Calf," Fortune Telling Scenend Duel with Valentine, the Soldier"Brother of Marguerite, Chorale of the- Reversed Swords, Waltz and Chorus,Meeting of Faust and Marguerite,Grand Finale.Messrs. D'Amico, Rosano, De Santisand Liberati.PART TWO.5. Overatue, "Orpheus," . . Offenbach6. "Chimes of Normandy," (ClassicLight Opera) PlanpuetteMessrs. D'Amico, Rosano and De Santis. "7. Waltz, "Spring,Beautiful Spring"Lincke !. "La Sannabula," Quintet and Fi..nale A.ct II Bellini3fessrs. D'Amico,Accongiamesse, Rosano, D'Santis and Liberati.j Night Concert.PART ONE.JwsSl. March, "Gate City" Weldon2. Overature, "Stradella" . . . Flotow3. Trumpet Solo, "The Holy City".AdamsMr. Gennaro D'Amico.4. "fl Trovatore "Grand Selection...Closing with the immortal Miserere jMessrs. D'Amico, Rosano and DeSantis.PART TWO.5. Waltz, "Tout Paris" ("All Paris")WaldteufelC. Sextet from "Lucia di Lammer-moor D onizettiMessrs. DeMitry, Accongiamesse, Rosano, DeSantis, Gennaro and Liberati. 7. Operetta, "The Chocalate Soldier"Strauss. "Carmen," GrandFantasieBizetPrelude; Death Motif; Habanera;Toreador; Introduction; Marchand Murder Scene, Act IVMessrs. D'Amico, Rosano, DeSantisand Catalanotte.Sweeden is estimated to contain 4,600,000 acres tilled land and 1,050,000acres of meadow land, the rest of thecountry being in forest or in rocky,unproductive land.STOGK AND FARM NOTESTobacco cutting is well on inBoyle county, and many farmers arebusy with the weed. The outlook fora, good crop was discouraging, but therain came in time to make it a fairlyood one.A forty-stall cattle barn on theBlmendorf farm in Fayette countywas burned Tuesday morning. Thefire was supposed to have been started by spontaneous combustion, and"was well under way when discovered.Fortunately no cattle were in the barnSecretary McAdoo announced theI- . i. J 7L I T.apportionment as far as it had beencompleted of the $50,000,000 to be de- election of officrs which was doneposited by the Government in National j unanimouslybanks of the West and South to facili- Th comm'ittee on future work subtate the movement and the marketing mitted two strong resolutions, and?? SSnn Kentucky has been alloted suggested as a slogan, "A Saloonless?i,b&u,uuu. . County wnich was received with ap--Augusta Chronicle: "J. W. Fitz- piause.geraia, o Maysville, representingthe Home Loose Leaf Warehouse, ofthat city, was in Bracken several daysago, trying to purchase the growingcrop to be delivered at that house inMaysville. He offered Chas. L. List,of Cohatham, 15 cents for his crop.The Home house bought Mr. List'crop last year, paying 15 cents for it.This crop weighed 9,000 pounds andsold for $23.20 over the brakes inMaysville, and according to Mr. Fitzgerald brought the highest price oftk year for a crop of this size sold inMaysville. Mr. Fitzgerald gave Mr.List $50 for the seed on one-quarter ofan acre of his growing crop."Winchester Court The Democratreports Winchester court day as follows: "Pn the livestock markets,Hamilton Stock Yards reported about1,200 cattle on the market, with goodfeeders selling at 6 to 6 and fatyearlings at 6 cents. The trade wasaot as brisk as was expected in thecattle line. Sheep were dull, withabout 500 on the market, and $5.00 being asked for stackers and 3 cents perpound for fat sheep. There were nokoga offered. At the Central YardsAbout 300 cattle were on the marketjtad the same prices prevailing. Cattle seem to be higher than in manyyaara at this time of the year. Manyfarmers are holding for 9 cents on exporters, oelieving the market will-reach that point within the next fewweeks. It seems as if the prediction--.zMj be right from the way the price"r feeders looked Monday."oHfn, m ,tr-uMM4aMMMHMANNUAL SUNDAY SCHOOLConvention Held at North Mid-dletown Wednesday LargelyAttended.11 SCHOOLS BEPRESENTED.Reports of PastJYear Show GoodResults Accomplished Pai isGets Next Meeting.The annual convention of the Bibleschools of Bourbon county was heldat North Middletown Wednesday, andthe gathering proved to be the greatest in the history of the county organizations, and in Sunday school workin this section of the State. Pariswas named as the place of meetingfor next year. The handsome newChristian church at vTorth Middletownwas thrown open for the first timefor this occasion, and in this buildingthe program of the day was earnedout in detail.People began arriving about nineo'clock, and from every part of thecounty visitors began to arrive in automobiles, carriages, buggies, andevery sort of conveyance. Each ofthe eleven schools :n the county waswell represented.The edifice in which the conventionwas held is one of the most attractivein this section of the State, beint?very handsome in design, and presents a very imposing picture. It(has not yet been dedicated, but arrangements are being completed tohave the dedicatory exercises in October. The details have not been completed and the congregation is unwilling to have the building dedicated un-i til all minor arrangements have beenJ made.At the time of the opening of theI exercises every officer was in hisI seat and the eleven superintendentsof the county schools were presentalso. The seating capacity of thechurch, which is about eight hundred,was taxed to the utmost, every avail-table seat being filled, and the yardin front of the building was crowdedwith those who were unable to gainadmission. An excellent program ofmusic was rendered throughout theday by Mrs. Lou Belle Redmon, whoI presided at the organ.The morning session was openedwith the invocation pronounced by! the venerable L. H. Reynolds, who forso many years was the beloved pastorof the North Middletown church, andthe devotional exercises were led byMr. John Will Jones, superintendentof the Bible school at that place. Mr.Jones rendered valuable assistance inperfecting the arrangements for the' convention, helping the President, Mr.I Newton Shropshire, of Clintonville, inarranging the program, which was theI most complete of any in former years.Prof. John Christopherson, pastorof the church, and president of theNorth Middletown College, extendedi the welcome on behalf of the congre1 gation of his church and the people ofNorth Middletown. Mr. W. J. Clark,t a State worker, delivered an inspiringaddress, and Eld. F. M. Rains, of Cin-; cinnati, a member of the Board ofI Foreign Missions and an invitedI guest, made a excellent speech on' "The Value of the Living Link."Mr. Newton Shropshire, presidentt of the organization, made a very earnest address, in which he urged the es-tablishment of the family altar andthe furnishing of two living links, one! for the foreign and the other for thefliome field. During his term of of-fice Mr. Shropshire has made an ex1 cellent president, and has provenI himself a worthy successor to Mr. L.j A. Soper, the first county president,J and who laid the foundation for theI organization of the Sunday schools ofthe county.Other speakers of the day wereMiss Allie Evans, Little Rock; W. O.Hinton, Paris; J. C. Bryan, Jr., NorthMidletown; W. E. Ellis, Paris; CarlA'gee, Little Rock; C. O. Cossaboom,Millersburg; and R. H. Ellett, Clintonville. The report of the schools showeda total enrollment of 1,457, an averageattendance of 181, and a total of $1,077.55 raised for all purposes duringthe year.' J-ne nominating committee, j. wToc i,Qjrm?1 0n tuaThe nominating committee, J. W.The committee on time and nlace.named Paris as the place of holdingthe next convention in August, 1914.At the noon hour a bountiful lunchwas served in the auditorium of theold church: nearby. Three hundredwere served at a time. The platescontained meats, chicken, bread, sand-I wiches, pickles and pies, while bothtea and coffee were served. Nearlyone thousand people enjoyed thelunch.The enrollment showed 795 delegates from the eleven schools, and thelarge number of visitors brought thetotal enrollment up to 963. Amongthose from a distance who attendedwere: Mr. and Mrs. J. Matt Hedges,Lexington; Mrs. Sam Barclay Smith,Racine, Wis.; guests of Mrs. R. C. Talbott, Escondida; Miss Kate Fisherand Miss Alice Smizer, both of Cynthiana, guests of Mrs.'T. H. Gaitskill;Mrs. Samuel Stone, Louisville; withher sister, Mrs. C. M. Clay; Mrs. Taylor, formerly Miss Julia Worthington,the guest of Mrs. Lunceford Talbott;and Mrs. Mary Rice Moseley, of Arkansas, who is visiting her sister, Mrs.Henry Caywood.In point of enrollment and attendance Paris has the largest school inthe county, but the school at LittleRock is" the banner school in contributions, having contributed the sum of$274.88 during the year.Mr. Clark stated that Bourbon county is now a banner county, -becauseevery school was 'represented at the"" 'HOME TELEPHONE COMPANYPASSES INTO NEW HANDS.Articles incorporating the ParisHome Telephone and Telegraph Company have been filed in the office ofCounty Clerk Pearce Paton, in thiscity. The incorporation papers provide for a capital stock of $30,000, divided into three hundred shares at$100 each. Louisville people hold amajority of the stock.The Bourbon Home Telephone Company, doing a general telephone businessin Parisancl Bourbon county, hasbeen sold at receiver's sale and theplant and equipment purchased by asyndicate headed by Samuel W. Heller ofLouisville, who was the courtreceiver in charge of theproperty.The Bourbon Home Telephone Company was originally started by localcapital, wholater disposed of theirholdings. Several months ago thecompany encountered nancial troublesand the business was transferred tothe hands of a receiver. The divisionof the stock in the newly organizedcompany is made as follows: JoshuaD. Poers, Louisville, 3 shares; Ed andH. Carey, Toledo, O., 3 shares; Samuel W. Heller, Louisville, 288 shares;R. B. Crane, Toledo, O., 3 shares;Isaac E. Kinsley, Toledo, O., 3 shares.Under the new articles the companyis to begin business at once and is tocontinue for a period of twenty-fiveyears, and is to carry on a business inthe transmission of speech or sound bytelephone or telegraph or other electrical means and the manufacture ofany character of appliance or property useful in theconduct of the business.The highest amount of indebtednesthe company can incur under the incorporating articles is $250,000, andty useful in the conduct of the busiers will not be subjected to the payment of the debts of the corporation.YOU WILL BE PLEASED.Get shoe satisfaction by traing at(18-tf) FELD'S.DANVILLE MAN BUYSBOURBON COUNTY LAND.One of the best sales of unimprovedland made in Bourbon county wasmade today when Mr. Eldred Bean,of Danville, purchased of Mr. W. R.Scott, of Paris, one hundred acresfronting on the Georgetown pike, afew miles from this city, and adjoining the lands of Mrs. Sallie Hedgesand Mr. F. P. Clay. The price paidfor the' land, while not made public, issaid to have been in the neighborhoodof $145 per acre.Mr. Bean, who is a wealthy and substantial business man of Danville,plans to soon begin the erection of ahadsome bungalow on his purchase,and will move his family to this county as soon as the building is completed. The sale was made by thereal estate firm of Harris & Speakesof this city. 'SCHOOL BOOKS CASH.We are merely agents for the American School Book Co., and sell theirgoods on a small commission, so wewill require cash for all school booksDon't send the children for school supplies without the money.(26-2t PARIS BOOK COLETTERHEADS MAILABLEUNDER PARCEL POST RATES.Because word has reached him thatseme postmasters in Kentucky andStates have refused to receive fromprinters and newspapers that do jobwork, such articles as letterheads,bill heads, envelopes, etc., under theparcels post rate, Representative Arthur B. Rouse, who is a memder ofthe House Postoffice Committee, tookthe matter up with the Posoffice Department. T he reply of W. J. Barrows, actingThird Assistant Postmaster General toMr. Rouse's query, will interest all jobprinting offices.Mr. Barrow said: "These articlestogether with order forms,etc, mainly blank, are fourth-class mail andwhen sent unsealed, are chargeablewith postage at the rates set forth inSection 3 and 7 of the parcels postregulations."KENTUCKY FLAG ISNOW NEEDED BADLY.i Wanted a Kentucky flag. The(only oneavailable is a silken bannerpresented to the Fourth Kentuckyregiment in the Spanish-Americanwar and now in the possesion of theState Historical Society. One is needed to float over a vessel assigned toGov. McCreary and his staff . at theLake Erie celebration of Perry's victory next month; but it is feared thelake breezes will whip the somewhatthreadbare put precious banner of theHistorical Society into ribbons.So the Governor is considering improvising a flag out of an Americanflag with "Kentucky" inscribed on it.Gov. McCreary had the flag, whichbears the coat of arms on one sideand an eagle on the other, both on ablue field, taken to his office for hisinspection; but he decided not to riskGov. McCreary will be accompaniedby invitation by Col. J. Tandy Ellis,Acting Adjutant General, and sixmembers of his staff of aides de oamnKThe aides will be selected by Col.morion, or Louisville, chief of staff.A rat-proof corn crib is made ofconcrete and wire mesh, with a tinroof.. '""PARAGRAPHS1WITH POINTS.True Enough!(Elizabethtown News.)A husband can no longer hide behind his wife's petticoats, because shedon't wear any.convention, each had made an offersing and allfchad -contributed to theState work. Four " of the1 elevenschool are "front rank" schools.- , ,.- i h . i , "POLICEMAN KILLS NEGROnumber of witnesses summoned in thecase testified as to the facts leadingup to the killing.Mag Overtree was the first witnesscalled and testified' that she wasscared to go home to get her clothes.Met Fred Link and asked him to gowith her to get the clothes. Linkwent one way and she the other. SawMilton and Link asked her if he wasthe man. Called to hhim to stop buthe paid no attention to him. SawLink turn corner and fire. Did not seeMilton attempt to draw revolver.Came backk to town after shooting.Did not hear Milton make any remarkbefore he was shot. Cross-examinedby C. A. McMillan the witness saidshe was afraid to go home for fearMilton would beat her as he had doneso before. Identified pistol as one belonging to Dave Milton.James Day, an employe of C. P.Cok, with whom Link was riding in anautod elivery wagon when thewoman appealed to the police officer.Left Link after Mag Overtree toldhim she was afraid to go home,Nannie Field testified that she wasmaking bread at her home when sheheard a shot and looking -out heard acry, "Lord, have mercy." Saw Link,who caled to her to come out. Shesaw Milton's pistol lying in front ofGeorge Ellis house, and the negrowas layingg in front of her gate on hisface. Link turned the negro over.Link called her attention to negro'srevolver.Maude Johnson was around in rearof Miton's house when she heard theshot. Did not see anything and onlyheard Milton's cry after being shot.Dan Oatright was at home andheard shot. Saw smoke from revolver. 'Did not know Milton very well.Had seeli him with revolver severaltimes. Link was running in directionof way he shot. Passed out of viewbehind a hedge fence. Was attractedfirst by pistol shot and saw nothingbefore that.Henry Johnson was in rear yard.Did not see shooting nor hear any remarks. Went out in orad after shootingan dsaw Daye in road. Identifiedrevolver as belonging to Milton.Coroner Davis took stand and toldjury the nature of the wound whichcaused the death of Milton and alsogave description of locality in whichthe kiling occurred. The jury wastaken to the undertakking establishment of Geo. W. Davis, where the remoins were viewed.Louis Lilleston was on the groundshortly after the killing and examinedthe location, giving a description tothe jury. The jury retired and rendered the following verdict:The Verdict."We, the jury, find that Dave Miltoncame to his death from a pistolwound fired by Patrolman Fred Linkin the discharge of his official duty.J. WILL THOMAS.Foreman'SINVH 'J-aOHC. L. BLACKERBY,W. R. SCOTT,LLOYD ASHURST,C. J. LANCASTER.Aug. 28, 1913."' There is a German South AmericanInstitute at -Aix-le-Chapelle for thepurpose of furthering intellectual andcommercial relations with SouthAmerica.The capital invested in hotels inSwitzerland is about $160,000,000,and it is steadily increasing.HOW THE TROUBLE STARTS.Constipation is the cause of manyailments and disorders that make lifemiserable. Take Chamberlain's Tablets, keep your bowels regular and youwill avoid these diseases. For sale byall dealers.(August)For Sale.Ninety black-faced ewes, 2 and 3years old. Raised by Catesby Woodford, and every one a good one.(26-2t) M. J. MURPHY.Notice to MerchantsOn and after this date I will not beresponsible for any accounts contracted by other persons in my name unlesssame is made upon a written order,signed by myself.W. M. GILLESPIE,Paris, Ky., Aug. 1, 1913.FOR SALE.Durock Jersey Boars. Choicelybred. Ready for service.SIDNEY G. CLAY,Cumberland phone 726. Paris, Ky.19-3tHere Is the HogLexiUgton, Ky.BOURBON REMEDY CO.,Enclosed find photo of hog that wascured bf cholera with your BourbonHog Cholera Remedy. This hog wasalmost dead before using the medicineand then was entirely cured, exceptloss of ears, tail, etc. The hog isowned by Mr. Skiles Ewing, of Bawling Green, Ky. He will be glad togive you a testimonial, and we can getseveral more if you want them.JENKINS-SUBLETT DRUG CO.,Bowling Green, Ky.N Ask Your Druggist for It.FOR SALE BY W. T. BROOKS.Not a Politician.If a mantis too proud-to beg andtoo honest" to .steal, declares Jerome?he has no tbusiness getting into politics. Memphis Commercial-Appeal.BON VOYA6E -..YOU CAN TAKAFINETRlSOME DAYYOU PUTMONEYBANK THAT YOUARE WASTING ONLITTLE THINGS.PUT YOUR MONEYo mmmwmmzwitm, imlvfwmvmmamm thzw mAmmmamGood-bye! Good-bye to work and worry for awhile- 'They worked and saved, and put their money in the bank,, 4and now they are off on a trip to enjoy SOME of the money . jrthey put away in the bank. They NEVER MISSED the .5foolish little things they went without to BANK that moneys-Make OUR bank YOUR bank - z$r''We pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARISCapital, $i00,000.00.3. M. HALL. President.rWINDINSURANCEFire andLightningTiiomas k12 Big CompaniesVlMMiSHlWNMHiTo NewHousekeepers !Having bought out a big boarding house inCincinnati of a full line of Bed Room and KitchenFurniture, consisting of Bed Room Sets, Kitchenand Dining ' Room Furniture, also Front andReception Room Furniture. Not having room Ltocarry it, I am offering to sell cheap for cash anyitem in the house to make room for my general linefor Fall and Winter. Apply toJ, ELVOVE,Paris, KentuckyOar Call Home Phone 360Mot Polite Thina.There is only one thing more penlite than inquiring after the health, nfa mend whom one meets, and that te. &to listen, while he tells you." E. O J. J??&&in The Masses.IN OUR BANKbsSurplus, $40,000.00.C. K. THOMAS. Cashiers. ;iLt litjmwjmm)m&smxrm whm -"jMMiwmaM -wlll 'if 8,,''.e?" y hV1WoodonlMMMMMtm-mrt4 .2t . A..r.rVAl 1&Sfr,Ws3kl .i .irfir. . r-Utm3fcmiHrtaiubjapaaaaacaijfr-mnrrfinRnii-MMi- .h m ag.tt t i i mtk-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 29, 1913G-IiiJstft f lTmtsS m JTr aj &'ffe&Sfefiim 13 ""HAS THE BESTCF ALLJJNES WADENOTICE.City tax lists for theyear 1913 are now innny hands for collection, at my office atfrhe Deposit Bank.C. K. TrlOM AS,City Collector.MILLERSBURG MAN HELD TONICHOLAS GRAND JURYNat Ramey, a. young white man ofMillersburg, charged with burglary,had his examining. trial at Carlisle before Judge Clay, and was held to theNicholas county grand jury, his bailbeing fixed at ?300.NOTICE TO WATER CONSUMERS.Owing to the drouth in order tol3ve water for domestic use I amcompelled to forbid the use of waterfor sprinkling.PARIS WATER CONEWTON MITCHELL, Supt.CARLISLE COMPANY TO SINKFOUR ARTESIAN WELLSarangements are being made byt' Carlisle Electric Light and Power( mpany to at once begin the 'sinkingi. four very deep wells on their prop-:y in that city. If water is found insufficient quantities they will buildr-nd equip a ten-ton ice plant to beready for operation early next spring.EUGENE MOORE, AGED 9,UNDERGOES OPERATION.Eugene Moore, aged 9 years, sonof Mr. and Mrs. R. F. Moore, wasoperated on at the W. W. MassieMemorial Hospital yesterday afternoon at 3 o'clock by Dr. David Barrow, of Lexington, for appendicitis.Late reports from his bedside are tothe effect that he is getting along asveil as could be expected.SOCIAL UNO PERSONALMiss Nannie Clay is visiting friendsin Richmond.Miss Helen Hutchcraft has returned from a two weeks' stay at OilSprings.F. L. Lapsley leftextended visit inDr. and Mrs.yesterday for anPennsylvania.Miss Clara Be,lle O'Neal has recovered sufficiently from a recent illness to be out.Mr. and Mrs. Amos Turney, Jr.,will leave Friday for New York tospend several weeks.McDonalddays' so-FRESH OYSTERS.We have today freshfirst of the season.. JAMES E.oysters theCRAVEN..THAW TO VISIT PARIS.If Harry K. Thaw were to announcehis intention of visiting in Paris, itvould cause a flurry of excitemetthrough the whole town, but what weshould be interested in is the modernlighting of the home. Read the bigdouble page "Hotpoint' ad in the Satarday Evening Post, and then let theSlectric Co. explain why "If it isn'tElectrical it isn't Modern!"ALL COUNTY SCHOOLS TOOPEN NEXT MONDAY.,A11 of the county schools in Bourbon, county will open for the fallsession next Monday, with the exception of the Spears Mill school, whichwas opened last Monday.COUNTYEDUCATIONAL BOARDTO MEET MONDAY.The Bourbon County Board of Education will hold a meeting next Monday morning at 10 o'clock in the officeof the county superintendent, MissMabel Robbins, In the court house.HAT SALE TOMORROW.We w.ill puton sale tomorrow (Saturday) twentydozen of the latest Fallstyle hats, choice 2.00. These arethe very latest things for men andyoung men and are strictly $3.00values. See window display. Salestarts at 7 a. m. tomorrow. Thesehats are the very latest shades.HIGGINS & FLANNAGANPARIS COMPANY BUYSNATURAL GAS FRANCHISEThe Paris Gas and Electric Company has purchased of the CentralKentucky Natural Gas Co., its rights,title and interest in the franchise ercently secured from the City of Paris,to extend into this city pipe lines andmains to conduct natural gas. deedof transfer has been filed with CountyClerk Pearce Paton. The transferdoes not include the pipe line run- jning from the Clark county line to IParis, but only the right given under Ithe city franchise to use the streetsof Paris for the purpose of supplyingnatural gas to the residents.Mr. and Mrs. 'Thos.have returned from a tenjourn at Swango SpringsMrs. J. D. Walsh, who. has beenon a protracted visit to relatives in Detroit, has returned home.Dr. Martha Petree, who has beenvisiting in Missouri for several weeks,will return home Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. John Wiliams havetaken rooms with Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Allen, on Duncan Avenue.Winchester News: "Mrs. Joe Ecton and daughter, Miss Lizzie Mae,are at home from a visit to relativesin Paris.Mr. H. H. Hancock, and daughters, Misses Edith and Fannie, returned Tuesday after, a short stay at OilSprings.Mr. Henry Mackey, Jr., has returned to his home in Nicholasville,after a visit to Miss Julia Mackey, inthis city. -Miss Minnie Barrington, who hasbeen the guest of Mrs. Ed. Rice, atNorth Middletown, has returned toher home in Detroit. 'Mr. and Mrs. F. L. Walker anddaughter, of this city, accompaniedby Mrs. A. R. Bromhall, of Mt. Oreb,O., left Tuesday to attend the OhioState Fair at Columbus.The Eastern Star Chapter willmeet Tuesday evening at 7:30 o'clockat the Masonic Hall. A full attendance of the members is earnestly requested. Miss Elizabeth Steele has gone toSouth Charleston, O., to visit MissMary Baird, and will visit in Browncounty and Cincinnati before returning home the middle of September.; Misses Martha Whitcomb and' Mattie Shadburne, who have been theguests for two weeks of Mr. and Mrs.L. B. Purnell, returned yesterday totheir homes in St. Matthews, Ky.Mrs. Alice Sweeney returnedhome Wednesday evening after a visitof several weeks to her daughter, Mrs.Geo. S. Hamilton at Two Rivers, Wis.,and Dr. John Sweeney, in Chicago.Mr. and Mrs. Clyde Huffman andlittle daughter, who have been theguests of the former's parents, Mr. andMrs. J. W. Huffman, in this city, havereturned to their home in Hunting-I ton, W. Va.-Miss Virginia Jouett, of Louisvilleis seriously ill at the home of heraunt, Miss Laura Ecton, in Winchester. Miss Jouett is a sister of Mrs.Withers Davis, of Paris, and is wellknown in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Roger Q. Thompsonand daughter, Miss Katie GrahamThompson, of Columbia, S. C, whohave been the guests of Mrs. J. T.Hinfon, left for New York and otherEastern points on a pleasure trip.Cynthiana Democrat: "Mr. andMrs. John M. Lair and sons, of Bourbon, were guests of Mr. and Mrs. Redmon Lair for several days."Capt. and- Mrs. R. H. Wills, ofParis, were guests of Mr. and Mrs.Edwin Wills Sunday and Monday."Mr. Chas. P. Cook entertained themembers of his Sunday school classwith an outing up Stoner creek Tuesday afternon. A tempting lunch wasserved at Gass', spring. The following composed the party: Messrs. Wallace Clark, Edward Myall, EugeneRoberts, Basil Hayden, Forrest Letton, Clifford and Lucien Arnspargerand Marion Douglas.Mrs. Thomas Allen entertainedMonday afternoon at her home1 onDuncan Avenue, in honor of her guest,Miss Elizabeth Megibben, of NewYork. Delicious refreshments were' crr-fTciA Hnrinw flio o f f orn rnn TMinspwho enjoyed the hospitality of Mrs.Allen were Misses Megibben, Marionand Elizabeth Clay Alexander, Annaand Katherine Wilson, KatherineMarsh, Louise Steele, Nannette Wallingford, Mary Adams Lincoln, Louisville, Edith and Margaret Shive andElizabeth Brown.piness. Among those present wereMrs, C. E. Yeager, Mrs. Ed. Maurer,&Iiss Constance King, of Butlerj- Mrs.Anna Tucker, Dayton,1 Ky.; Mr. andMrs. Harry. Drew, Mis s Lee Collisand Miss Mary Tourney, of Louisville.ODD FELLOWS SELECTGRAND LODGE DELEGATESWantedi horse.(23-2t) "At the regular meeting of BourbonLodge No. 23, I. O. O. F., held Monday nightthe following delegates wereselected to represent the lodge at themeeting of the Grand Lodge of Kentucky, to 'be held at Paducah, beginning Oct. 7: Judge E. B. January, Geo.Chas. W. Fothergill, P. J. McCord, W.S. Kiser, Geo. M. Rose and A. L.W. Judy, W. C. Dodson,H. C. Henson,Slicer.Judge January, who will head thedelegation, has, been selected to represent the locar lodge for twenty consecutive years, and he has attendedevery meeting of the Grand Lodge.RICHMOND MASONIC LODGECELEBRATES CENTENNIALMore than three thousand Masonsand their womenfriends attended thebig Masonic picnic given at RichmodTuesday to celebrate the one hundredth anniversary of the founding ofRichmond Lodge No. 25. The addressof welcome was delivered by CountyJudge Rhodes Shackleford, and the response by A. J. G. Wells, of Frankfort.Wiliam L. Crutcher, the oldestmember of the lodge, having joined in1860, spoke, as did Gov. J. B. McCreary and Attorney-General JamesGarnett. David Jackson, of Louisville, Grand Secretary of the GrandLodge of Kentucky, also spoke.iATHLETIC CLUS AND STARBLOOMERS TO PLAY TODAYThe Paris Athletic Club and theStar Bloomer Girls will cross bats atWhite Park this afternoon. The gamewill be called at 3 o'clock. The teamswill play for a sixty-five and thirtyfive per cent, division of the gate receipts, the winner to take the largestend. The event promises to be onequite interesting owing to the factthat the Bloomer Girls are playing anexcellent game of ball in all the citieswhere they appear. Curtis and Wallen will be the battery for Paris.(lt-advwith aan ex-andOnly Once7Excerpt from an interviewvisitor to town, printed inchange: "The velocity of timethe friccion of years will never erasethe pleasure of this visit. The manypleasant rides and kisses from myonce sweet girl friends will ever linger with me."GAS COMPANY LAYING MAIN.TO CONNECT WITH PIPE LINEHORSE WANTED.to 'trade a new piano for aB. C. FULTON,Paris, Ky.,Care General Delivery.TO WHOM ITMAYCOtfCERN.I desire to announce to the public ingeneral that any authority granted toanyone by me has been legally withdrawn by my order, and I shall continue to act as my agent from thisday forward. This August 28, 1913.(Signed) FANNIE P. NORTON,Millersburg, Ky.At; Mexico, Mo., last Thursday,Golden Girl, the splendid mare ownedby Mr. W. H. Northcutt, of Cynthiana,captured second premium in the $1,000stake, defeating some of the besthorses in the country. On Friday atthe same place, Mr. Northcutt's GladIona captured first premium in thestake for harness horses, and on Saturday Glad Iona was first in thesweepstakes.Cynthiana Court The Democratreports Cynthiana court as follows:"Only a fair sized crowd in townMonday. , Auctioneer C. E. VanHookreported the following sales: 650pound cattle brought $6.75 per hundred pounds; 500-pound cattle sold for$32.50 per head; calves brought from$20 to $25, depending on quality-;milch cows were from $57.50 to $70.About 200 head of sheep on marketsold for $4.50 to $6 per head. Theusual number of common horses onthe market sold at prices rangingfrom $65 to $80 per head. Good horses brought $125 to $140. Large common work mules sold at $125 to $150."There is no indicaion that the submarine cable will be supplanted bywireless.our Large Stock of Shirt WaistsMust Be. Reduced.So we will give the prices anotherbig cut. Come while have your size.Prices on All Summer FabricsReduced.:muiBig cut onWash Goods,DressEtc.Linens, Lawns,W. Ed Tucker.BACON'SPETER BILLIKENWINS $1,000 STAKE.Mr. Warren Bacon, of WashingtonC. H., Ohio, formerly of Paris, wona $1,000 stake with Peter Billiken atWaynesburg, Pa. , yesterday. Therace went five heats.Watck Lost.Gold open-face watch; fob is a miniature Oliver Chilled Plow point. Losteither on High, between 14th and lGthor on Sycamore street. Liberal reward if returned to this office.MRS. SUTHERLAND'S SCHOOL.Mrs. Sutherland's school will openWednesday, September 3.(29-2t)MISS FORD TO TEACHSPANISH IN LEXINGTONMiss Sue Ford, of this city, who hasspent thirteen years in Mexico as amissionary sent by the Methodist Conference of Kentucky has been engagedto teach Spanish in Lexington to thestudents of Sayre Institute, Miss Williams private school and any of thepupils of the High School who maydesire to join her classes. She willalso have a private class in the language at the Wesley Home, a missionconnected with the Methodist church.Miss Ford was in Mexico last winter, when the rebellion made it necessary for missi6naries to leave thecountry, and will riot return as longas the unsettled condition of affairscontinue. She speaks and writes theSpanish language like a native. MissFord will also teach at Bourbon College. .-Mrs. John T. Vansant entertainedj delightfuly with a tea Thursday afternoon at ner nome on i-ieastuiL &licci,in compliment of her sister, Mrs. Ormond Summerville, of Tuscaloosa,The attractive home was a sceneone of the prettiest events of the season. The spacious front hall wasdecorated with plants, sunflowers,dahlias and snapdragons.The guests were received by TomHenry Clay, who ushered them intothe drawing room, which was most attractive in decorations of pink.In the receiving line were Mrs.Vansant, Mrs. Summerville and .MissKate Edgar. Those assisting in enttertaining were Mrs. Brice Steele andMrs. Will McClintock.From here the guests were usheredinto the dining room, where deliciousices, cakes and mints were servea.Those assisting were Mrs. Harry Clay,Mrs. Woodford Spears and Mrs. Edgar. The decorations in the tea roomwere yellow, beautiful in all appointments. At the tea table Miss MaymeSpears and Miss Lucy Simms presided, assisted by Mrs. Edward Prichardand Mrs. Amos Turney, Jr.The Paris Gas & Electric Companyyesterday began Avith a large force ofmen to lay a gas main from the end ofits service at Nineteenth street to theClintonville pike to connt with thepipe line of the Central Kentucky Natural Gas Co., extending to that point.The work of laying the new mainwill be pushed with all haste lookingto its early completion, when the menengaged in the work will be employedin improving a number of other mainsin the city. Superintendent Steenbergen is advertising for more men toassist in thhis work with a view ofrushing it through before cold weather sets in.Unless some difficulty is encounter-4fed, it is probable that natural gas willbe turned into the city not later thanthe first of October. The local company, which a few days ago purchasedthe franchise to operate in this citythe Central Kentucky Natural Gas Co.and which will act as a distributor,contemplates'extensive improvementsbefore the gas will be turned into thecity mains.A WOMAN'S WORKsometimes reduces her strength to thedepths of weakness her devotion tohousehold cares prevents sufficientrest and recreation. Thousands ofwomen in this condition find Scott'sEmulsion exactly what they need; itis predigested body-food so medicallyperfected that every drop yields direct ,returns in strengthening the organsand tissues and in making healthy,life-sustaining blood. Scott's Emulsionis devoid of alcohol or any harmfuldrugs, and overcomes tiredness andnervousness in a marvelous way.TCSEpV 1 - . riH'PUS ITk - FfneceiveuWe Areofa Ready to Show YouThe Latest inFALL SHOES!Give us a Call and Look our Stock overBefore IGoing Elsewhere. Special Attention Given to Our Children's Department.Geo. Mc Williams,rPhones 301Trie Shoe ManrRELIGIOUSChurch,SundaySt. Peter's EpiscopalRev. G. H. Harris, rector.school 9:30 a. m. The usual morningservice will be omitted Sunday as Mr.Harris will be in Nicholasville for aservice at that hour, but he will return to Paris for a serviceat 7:30 p. m.As Sunday is Labor Sunday and willbe observed by the various communions in America, there will be a service and sermon appropriate to theoccasion at the Episcopal church. Acordial invitation is extended especially to those who are interestedin the Church as it is related to thelabor and social questions of the day.DEATHS.T. HINTONLast Chance!&t. -INGRAM. !Mrs. Louis e Speakes Ingram,aged twenty years, wife of Mr. OllieIngram, died at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Ed Speakes, nearRuddles Mills, Wednesday afternoonat 4:30 o'clock, after a brief illness.Mrs. Ingram was the only child of Mr.and Mrs. Speakes, and was a verypopular young woman. About liveyears ago she was married to Mr. Ingram, who together with two littlechildren, Mildred, aged 4, and Lucille,aged 2, survive. -The funeralof Mrs. Ingram willtake place today with services at theRuddles -Mills Christian church, at10:30 o'clock, p. m., conducted byRev. W. E. Ellis, of the Paris Christian church. Burial in the Paris cemetery. -The pall-bearers will be: Geo.D. Speakes, Blanton Speakes, OrrieSpeakes, Harry Speakes, Curtis Biddie, Mose Biddle.NOTICE.Don't Miss This Opportunity to BuyPORCHGOODSSiCapt. and Mrs. J. W. Taylor celebrated the twenty-fifth anniversaryof their marriage yesterday at theirhome on High street with an elaborate dinner. (The occasion was alsothe birthday anniversary of Mrs. Taylor, and a number of friends and relatives of the popular couple assembledkt the Taylor home to enjoy the eventWhich .was pretty in Vvrery detail, andjjto wish them many .more years of hap-All persons knowing themselves indebted to the estate of J. H. Linville,deceased, will please come and settlesame at once; also those having claimsagainst said estate will please presentthem, properly proven as prescribedby law, to undersigned.W. V. HUFFMAN,Administrator J. Hi Linville.- .i-r : : iYou Will Have Lots of Time to UseC; Porch FurnitureTHIS YEARHowever, at the Prices We Are Offer-ing, these Goods, You Can Afford oStore Them For Next SeasonXT. HINT0Nr.Wood AlanfcelsSAVES YOU MONEY- UndertakingAmbulanceIti:xcIIi-yJIHL BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 29,.19T3J-It.7trnrr4&ei?:?1.I tV1Itliftwf&IPs-lfe. v.Bill flsr?v 4tL&Pr-r1tfew"IIf V I-'IPARIS, KENTUCKY,Saturday, Sept. 6fTCUTKT..elAA I Z-.v''.FEATU"NOW THE GREATEST TENTED4BIG SHOWS IN ONEIMES ITSEVERYTHING NEW THIS YEAR BUT THE TITLEWILL POSITIVELY EXHIBIT TWICE DAILY AT 2 AND 8 P. It.The 25th Anniversary Yeat f America's StandardTented Enterprise now presents the Blue -BloodedAristocracy of the White Tent World.f isSmSSGentry Bros. Sole Owners and Managers.REMEMBERTHE DAY AND DATETake a Holiday Bring theEntire Family No other BigShow Gives Half as Much forYour Money. Don't MissGENTRY BROS, shows this yearlOO BEAUTIFUL HORSES- lOO130 THOROUGHBRED PONIES - 1002 Herds of the Greatest PerformingElephants in the World. 2 Droves ofPersian and Arabian Camels. 50Monkey Comedians.20 BIG FEATURE ACTS, among themTHE 4 COMIQUESCOMEDY WIRE ACTLA AMQRA SISTERSI h Aerial Butterfly Iron Jaw ActKARCELL & LENHETTSensational Acrobats andComedy Bar Experts.THE BRACHARDSWonderful Spanish Contortionists and PhysicalCulture Exponents.Les Esmardalo FamilyWONDERFUL EUROPEANACROBATIC ACTPER0CH FAMILY OF 5Sensational Aerial Artists!A FORTUNE EXPENDED Cppp CTDECT D AB A)pIN OUR MAGNIFICENT NEW IJUw dllilJLl I Jl&ULWhich POSITIVELY takes place, rain or shine, 10:30 A. M., Show DayA SOLID MILE OF QOL.O AND GLITTERDOORS OPEN FOR INSPECTION OF MENAGERIE AT 1 AND 7 P. M.PERFORMANCE COMMENCES ONE HOUR LATER. GRAND FREEEXHIBITION ON SHOWGROUNDS IMMEDIATELY AFTER PAFABEL0WcRATE ROUND TRIP EXCURSIONS ON ALL RAIIRGADSS2E3ZS2222S4 Per. Cent Interest;, Paid On TimeuepositsYour Deposits Arc GuaranteedYOU TAKE NO KMSIf You Are InterestedWrite UsUNION STATE BANKMuskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000;Fully PaidCANCER CURED 2T 1 guarantee every case I un-J dertake; 20 years practice; ref-erence, any citizen of Paris. m4 DR. WM. R. SMITH.Z Paris, Ky.ISurely Sufficiently Governed.The human family is subject tolfty principal forms of government.t COSTLY TREATMENT."I was troubled with constipationai Indigestion and spent hundredsc dollars for medicine and treatwit," writes C. H. Hines, of Whitlow,Ark. , "I irent to a St Louis hospital,atoq to a hospital in New Orleans, hutm odre was effected. , On returningMai I began, using Chamberlain's"Tablets, and worked right alonglttM6 tkem for some time and am nowaft right" Sold by all dealers.(August)BROSo3fw$EXHIBITION IN THE WORLDFORMER SIZETHEPICK OFTHEWORLD'SBEST ARENIC STARSNo Act too Biff or too Expensive forGENTRY BROS. ALL NEWFEATURE SHOWS THIS YEARMORE Rare Srjecimens ofWild and Domestic Animalsthan any other show affordsOne TicketADMITSTO ALLbeing the Following European ImportationsSESQTKSTM! 11 BfOSj!Furniture Moving,City Transferand First-CalssLiveryOur Facilities f orHeavy Hauling isGood.Our Livery is as good as theother fellows. Horses fedby the week or month.We would appreciate ashare of your business.Prompt attention given allorders.Both Phones 260.MARTIN BROS.,Eighth ;St.Paris, KentuckyiHorse Talk.Assinine questions are apt to getmulish replies.REMARKABLE CUREOF DYSENTERY."I was attacked with dysenteryabout July 15, and used the doctors'medicine and other remedies with norelief, only getting worse all the time.I was unable to do anything and myWeight dropped from 145 to 125pounds. I suffered for about twomonths when I was advised to useChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy. I used two bottlesof it and it gave me permanent relief,"writes B. W. Hill, of Snow Hill, N. C.For sale by all dealers.(August)mgrM WPSEXECUTE MAN HGER'rJake Oppenheimer, Noted Criminal Is Put to Death."Murdered Many Men Having AddedSeveral Killings to His RecordWhile in Prison, for One ofWhich He Hanged.Folsom, Cal. "Jake" Oppenheimer,known as "The Criminal of the Century" and "The Tiger Man," becauseof his murderous ferocity, was put todeath on the gallows here for the murder of a fellow-convict in Folsomprison.Oppenheimer was probably one ofthe most remarkable criminals of theage. He had at least four murdersto his credit and innumerable murderous assaults. He commenced hiscriminal career when a boy. Discharged by the superintendent of atelegraph company in San Francisco,he thereupon shot and killed the official. Oppenheimer, in some way, "beatthe case," but- three years later wassentenced to fifty years' Imprisonmentfor robbing a drug store. This severesentence was given him because ofevidence showing that he was a dangerous and habitual criminal. A mannamed Ross testified against Oppenheimer at his trial, at which time "TheMan Tiger' 'swore to be revenged.Not long after Oppenheimer's arrival at Folsom prison, Ross was sentthere as a convict. Oppenheimer waited for him at the gate and stabbedhim to death before the guards couldinterfere. A short time later Oppenheimer murdered a guard named McDonald. As punishment he was placedin solitary confinement, but obtaininga file he made his way out and attacked a fellow-convict named JohnWilson with a butcher knife. Wilsondied a few days later.In 1901 the state legislature passeda law imposing the death penalty uponany prisoner who should make an assault upon a prison official or a fellowprisoner. Under this law, Oppenheimer was tried in October, 1907, forthe murder of Wilson. He was foundguilty, and was sentenced to die onJune G, 190S.Apparently supplied with plenty ofmoney, Oppenheimer fought his caseall the way up to the Supreme courtof the United States, but finally lostHe then endeavored to obtain hisfreedom by writ of habeas corpus, butin vain.While awaiting the decision of thecourts in his efforts to save himselffrom the gallows, Oppenheimer waskept in strict confinement at the Folsom prison. There he continued hiscriminal career with unequaled cunning and ferocity. In company withtwo other criminals, prisoners, J. W.Finley and San Francisco Quijada, Oppenheimer made an attempt to breakout of the prison at midnight on January 4, 1910, by sawing the bars oftheir cell. They would have succeeded had not Night Captain Quigmiredetected them sneaking along the corridor. Quijada, a half-breed Yaqui Indian,had attacked some of the prison guardsseveral years before and had been sentenced to death under the law of 1901.He appealed to the courts, and hiscase was pending at the time whenOppenheimer began his fight for hislife. There was considerable ill-feelingbetween the two prisoners fromthe very beginning, and their mutualhatred increased in the course of time.The climax came in September of 1901,when one morning Quijada challengedOppenheimer to a combat for life,while the prisoners were permitted toexercise in the corridor of the prison.Oppenheimer, who had secretly prepared himself for such an emergency,flung himself upon the Indian andstabbed him to death with a sharppiece of steel, which he had picked upin .the prison yard several months before, and which he had secreted in hismattress ever since.WEDDED AFTER 30 YEARSOld Sweethearts, Long Parted, Meetby Chance and ImmediatelyMarry.Poughkeepsie, N. Y. Parted formore than thirty years, Peter J.Barnes, seventy-five years old, of Kansas, and Mrs. Auguste Dot-, seventyone, widow of Supervisor Joseph Dotyof Pleasant Valley, who were ' sweethearts in their childhood days, weremarried at Salt Point, near here, andwill spend the rest of their lives inPleasant Valley, a short distance outside this city.The meeting of the couple was accidental. Mr. Barnes was visiting at thehome of an old friend in Pleasant Valldy a few days ago and was introducedto Mrs. Doty. Their love was renewed and the marriage followed.Stung to Death by Bees.Pittsburgh, Pa. Jeremiah Kramer,seventy-two, a farmer, was stung todeath by bees in his wagon shed here.Kramer was about to climb into hiswagon when the bees attacked hipiin the face and arms. He was soonblinded and helpless from their stingsand when found later he was unconscious, his body covered with beesHe died within a few hours.Engagemcnt Ring to Trustee.Philadelphia, Pa. Judge McPherson in court here awarded Miss SarahSimons' engagement ring to the trustee appointed vwhen her fiance, Benj.F. Baker, was declared insolvent.The ring is valued at $360.$2,000 RUG IS BIG LUXURYVSecretary of Navy Balks at Fine Floor- , Covering" Offered for HisOffice. -Washington. Secretary of theNavy Josephus Daniels has lofty ideasof artistically beautiful things, andis specially fond of oriental and Persian rugs, but he is also loyal to democratic simplicity.When the secretary went to his office a few days ago he found theplace crowded with rugs of every description. Officers and clerks on dutyhad been joking among themselves asto "when the auction was going tobegin."The secretary was informed thatthere was a balance left of an appropriation for furnishing his apartment,and that the rugs were there for himto make a selection for his office.Mr. Daniels finally selected onelarge rug as being to his liking. Aclerk had told him that the purchasemust be made before he left the of-Secretary Josephus Daniels.fice, as the allowance would lapse ifnot used. w"I thought those rugs might bebought for something like the figureswe poor folks down in North Carolinapay," said the secretary. "I pickedout my rug, all right. But they toldme the price was $2,000, and wantedme to sign a warrant for it. It was abeauty pearly blue, with all the iridescent misty amethystine shades ofa mountain sky. But $2,000! Myideas of democratic simplicity couldnot get up to that figure, and I toldthe boys to take the whole blamedoutfit away and that I didn't want anyrugs at all. These here are goodenough for me."NEW YORKER ADMITS BIGAMYConfesses to Marrying Two YoungWomen Within- Year Says HeWas Drunk.Stamford, Conn. Arthur B. Bushpleaded guilty to bigamy in the citycourt. Bush was married June 15, 1912,to Miss Helen K. Kinneburg, a daughter of Russell Kinneburg of Hohokus,N. J immediately after his first wifehad divorced him in Pennsylvania. Hecame to Stamford in April with MissAnita Von Fisher, and was married toMiss Von Fisher by Rev. J. W. Richardson. His second wife gave birth to a childand is now with her parents in Hohokus. Bush claims he was intoxicatedwhen he contracted the third marriage.When he discovered he had committed bigamy, he said, he was afraidto ask advice and decided to let thething drift. He has been on friendlyterms until lately with both the secondand third women he married.BEES SWARMED IN HIS BEARDAn Aged Pennsylvanian Stung toDeath by the Insects Before HelpCould Come.Pittsburgh, Pa, Jeremiah Kramer,seventy-two years old and half blind,ran into a big swarm of bees whichwere about to swarm on a projectingbeam in his wagon shed on Wind Gaproad. Instead of taking to the beamthe bees enveloped Kramer andpiled upon his face and long whiskers. Kramer yelled for help and foughtthe bees as best he could, but he wassoon helpless from their stings. Theonslaught of the bees rendered himunconscious and he was found by hisson three hours later lying on thewagon shed floor with the myriads ofbees on his head, arms and neck,which were swollen twice their natural size. Although medical aid washurriedly summoned Kramer died.Grown Folks May Wear Slit Gowns.Lexington, Ky. "Grown up folksmay wear slit gowns, but the youngshall not," declared Judge J. P. Scottof the juvenile court here In sendingMargaret Murphy, sixteen, to a convent for having improper guardianship. The girl was arrested while"joy riding" with a young man. Shewas dressed in a smart slit gown.Injunction Against Rooster.Philadelphia. A special Injunctionpreventing a rooster from crowingnear his sleeping apartment wasgranted to P. A. Wildermuth, lawyer,who declared that daily for the lastthree years a rooster, owned by Chas.L Tull, a -neighbor, has disturbedhis slumbers..mmmmmJfc ftiHfaflWORK DONE .WHEN PROMISED4Good Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!TRE JQB ReOGBS OfTHEBHRB0NNewsS5"-- Are prepaired NtoPrinting on short-nBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type As new and modernfaces.tu Bourbon Hews,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.ftwiUWUiawiiiS9SSS&L.do the best ofnotice such asvA. V. ' -... , -o . S?' .vC-"V' v, .!., v-A' v'&' k?4MviaB$. li '7?, SP" .'Vh.?.-!, ,wi".-i ..S? - -vv- &' ( fr v 7t;.r1ffl- ' hr - --'t-J" mMlMiMIfcv ... &..& iiJMWLA F, ii'nf-'----. -. -" . . . - ik.' 3& arfc f" .THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., AUGUST 29, 1913Wij-J?S&fo 1vMr-r j&irIlAY'S HAIR HEALTHHI FAVORITEW. N. Barkley Mrs. ,W. N. BarkleWoman's Exchange & Caf112 N. Upper Street,Refined Women Give This Lexington, Kentuckythe PreferenceThe easiest way to keep your hairyouthful-looking, to prevent it fromturning grey, is to use Hay's HairHealth. It gives absolute satisfactionand a few applications will restore natural color, give vitality to grey andfaded hair and remove all traces ofDandruff. Beautiful natural colored,youthful-looking hair, more than anything else, contributes to a woman'sgood looks.Hay's Hair Health is keeping thousands of women's hair glossy, naturalcolored and beautiful. You'll neverTegretbuying it when you see the difference it makes in your appearance.Free: Sign this adv. and take it to theiollowing druggists and get a 50c. bottle of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.cake of Harfina Soap, for 50c; or $1.00bottle of Hay's Hair Health and two..25c. cakes of Hwfina Soap Free, for $1L.. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Pans, Ky...Home-made Cakes, Breads, Ties, Candies, Croquetts, Salads, Pickles, ChowChow, Ftc, received fresh daily.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Supper; also lunches and short orders at ahours -with the best the Lmarket affords(28mar6mo)pep .FUIUUIS-CBnt M to $ioo,oo(W. KING & SON,125 Cheaoside. Lexington, KyKJ H a B Jan.gnSS jAWdCAMATED ARC"the Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothine is more important in thehome than clear, steady light. Insuremis Dy setting tne oil tnat burnsclear and clean "without a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Costs no more than the inferiortankwagon oils saves MONEY savesWORK saves eyes.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Chas. C. Stoll Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "No Carb"Auto OIL JNo matter whether the thermometerregisters 105 above or 25 below zero,Amalgamated Arc Roofingcan't be affected a particle.No matter the curves or valleys ofyour roof you need no tin to coverthem, for Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGis very pliable. It is the Perfect Roofing,and the insurance rate is no higher thanwhen slate or metal is used.We authorize our agents to refund the moneyif our Roofing is not perfectly satisfactory.AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO.Chicago, IllinoisSolcT by Mi! lersburg Coal FandLumber Co.,' Miilersburg, Ky.Mi3 Margaret K. Caden,210 Main Street, Lexington, Ky.Special Display of. . . Summer Hats . .Moderate Prices-t MOUNTAIN EXCURSIONt Tuesday, August 26, 1913Via "California Special"TO-a"The Land of the Sky" and "Sapphire Country"- Round Trip Fares From Georgetown, Ky.ASHEVILLE, N. C $ 9.00- WAYNESVILLE. N. C 10.00Z HENDERSON VILIE, N. C 10.00- LAKE TOXAWAY, N. O 11.00" VARIABLE ROUTE FARESVia Chattonooga Historic Lookout Mountain enroute to and fromfinal destination:ASHEVILLE, N. C $10.50' WAYNESNILLE, N. C 11.501 HENDERSONNILLE 11.50LAKE TOlCAWAY, N. C .-. .. 12.50Return limit, Sept. 10, 1913. Liberal Stop-over privileges ,;4 Tickets good on ' Carolina Special' leav- '"! jjgjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj jn Georgetown, Ky., 8:30 p. m., also on .- lpHHHHpHPHHI all regular trains August 26, 1913.lli I 111 Mlf nfllilll Eor full information, printed matter andmpihbsLUI sleeping car reservations, apply to nearest 'TlllkHI Ticket Agent, or write:5 iHHlHillHH H- c- KING, Pass, and Ticket Agt., 101 ;T jMBHBBBHsaHBMMiiiBsasBasl. E. Main Street, Lexington, Ky.ttr, s i W. A. BECKLER, Gen'l Pass. 'Agent,(CN O &T.P Ry.)and chldnnati Q ;T Southern Railwa-(Pans Odorless Cleaning Co. 8Men's and Ladies' Suits Cleaned,Pressed and Repaired.Ladies' Serge White Suits and Fancy Silks our specialty.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblocked to your satisfaction.We Calf For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.g Tvmie Aia vriovets maneufisiiuri, jluu, iuiik c aGOWAS LURED BHow Plague Ship Captain Secured an Engineer.Deluded Map Was Later Startled byElaborate Courtesies of His Chiefand Succession of Burialsat Sea.New York. The favorite story ofGapt. Walter Ancker, superintendentof the Baltimore & Ohio railroad'sfloating equipment at pier No. 22, footof Jay street, North river, who diedsome time ago, was of his experience on a plague ship.Ancker was assistant engineer onthe German steamer Minister Achenbach, which lay at Nikolaiev, on theBug river. One day he and CaptainKahmke were discussing bubonicplague in the cabin on the bridgedeck when Captain Stringer of theBritish tramp Sea Gull came alongside in one of his boats, very muchexcited."A hundred pounds in gold for anengineer!" shouted the captain."- "I'mshort of engineers. I'll drop him offat Constantinople and there you canpick him up."Captain Kahmke advised Ancker toaccept the offer, saying the Achenbach would be at Constantinople inabout a week. Ancker accepted itand turned over half of the 100 poundsin gold to his captain for safe-keepingand tucked the other half inside hisbeltInside of half an hour the youngengineer was aboard the Sea Gull,which already had steam up in theBug. She was low down in the water.She had just returned from India, andher crew embraced Lascars, Russians,Finns and English. All the officerswere English.The captain was unusually hospitable. He came to the engine room,bringing a flask of brandy and a boxof. cigars to the engineer and askinghim not to leave the engine room andnot to spare the cigars and brandy.It looked suspicious such liberalhospitality.At four bells of the first watch Engineer Ancker decided to steal a little sleep in a comfortable armchairwhich the skipper had sent below. Hestepped first into the alleyway, wherewere the berths labeled respectively"Engineer," "First Engineer" and"Second Assistant Engineer." In thefirst room he saw the form of a manin the bunk. "In room No. 2, darkerthan the first, he touched a man apparently asleep, a bottle of brandy byhis side. From the bunk in thethird room Ancker grabbed a blanketand wrapped himself in it in his chairin the engine room."What's the trouble?" the new engineer asked a sailor."Do you think it is measles?" returned the man contemptuously.Questioning the sailor more closely,Ancher learned that nine out of thecrew of 36 were already dead, including the regular engineer, the first assistant and the second assistant,whose bunks the understudy had visited during the previous night.Twice again on that day there weresplashes alongside. Ancker took frequent small nips of brandy, smokedcigars, drank boiled water only andate sparingly.Ancker bribed a bumboatman toset him ashore at Pera on the opposite shore.FINDS FAILINGS OF FICTIONBoy. Who Sought to Shine Way to Fortune Arrested by New YorkPoliceman.New York. Louis Brown read all ofHoratio Alger, Jr.s' books. There hefound out that the quickest way to become a millionaire was to start as abootblack or to sell papers. So hecame to New York with a bootblackbox slung over his arm and with all ofhis twelve years of experience and theprecepts of his favorite author toguide him."Please, sir," he said to PatrolmanBurke at Graham avenue and Broadway, Brooklyn, "can you tell me whereis the proper place for me to start outto be a millionaire?"There are some things New York policemen do not know, so PatrolmanBurke took Louis to the Stagg streetpolice station on a charge of vagrancy.Then the boy was sent to the Children's society, in Schermerhorn street,where he will stay while his ambitionsare investigated. Louis said he livedin Providence.Asks Ex-Wife to His Funeral.Worcester, Mass. Leaving a note tohis sister, Mrs. Henry Collins, withwhom he lived, directing that $35 begiven to the divorced wife with whichto purchase a mourning gown and thatshe be asked to be chief mourner athis funeral, Ferdinand Helfensteinturned on the gas in his bedroom anddied. Mrs. Helfenstein obtained a di-vorce from her husband last Januaryana since tnen ne naa oeen despondent Helfenstein left. a note for hisformer wife, but its contents have notbeen disclosed.Offers Big Inducements.Findlay, O. A sun shade, a ridingcultivator, plenty of sterilized icewater to drink and ice cream everyday are the inducements offered tothe man who will take a job on thefarm of H. B. Clark near here. Clarkstates that he has hundreds of acresof joprn dying for want of cultivation.He , agrees to Ty higher wages thanany otker farmer in the. county.nTruck Replaced Thre TeamsrtWXBBBKBBBBsViBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBiByiMStiBS?"HHHHHBHHU JtBHssttsSBBBBSSYa9BHKHBBBBBBBBBBBV BHHbBBBBBK'BBBBBBBBBBBBI6S 3ttBBSfiSBBSBlBK JBBBBBbPBBBBb7 1sBBBb1bBBBBBBBBMBbVbBbSeMHH$1 M.aL SMbbbbbbbsbsbbk sbbbbbbbbs WStSBSKKm4 7fini ". mrnt,hs thlSc &r-ton KelKar Truck covered in actual service4,760 miles at a fuel cost of $1.08 per day. Manned by a driver and one helper,lm t teamS of,ho,;ses; The average daily burden wS 37 17.20ths!ww T 1 " avera.ge load ff four tons-one ton overload-but in the entire period named, was laid up only two and one-half hours for repairs.We can recommend the KisselKar Truck and assure that it lives up to itguarantee, writes Thomas E. Fleischer, manager of the Sheboygan Lime Works.of nofeTwKT f0r,rP,?irS' car?Jsr over 37 tons per day is a record worthyi"S1fa,SmSalSiSffitanMda economical t0 operate bepermitting high speed when desired without raeiDg engine ; 15 to 20 trer cent lower ftiPlZ"K llEd"'S!l ff ,SPTe susPen8in foVpowerplant heaTsprhfrhSP! J load gauge that weighs load greatest accessibility easv control largerbrake drums, and extra powerful braEes-special bodies designed to meet eve?? need SJu's!seJia1 500 lbs.-1 -2-3-4 and 5 TonsInTthe range of capacity, 1500 lbs. to 5 tons, you can find iust the tvne that fill vnnrrequirementsTand with the KisselKar Truck oes the EsseKar Servfcl which iSy themauufacturer's guarantee of satisfaction. oeivite, wmen is meKisselKar Service means taking off your hands all of the mechanical dptaikTh?!"? in ?is city for the benefit of SlIS owrs!The KisselKar service is a broad and comprehensive arrangement between manufactureandwf8- Care- f0? the c?r' maintains efficiency, retards deprecation anTSS ungate 'it. S6rVICe 1S a ValUable consideration in the Purchase of a power wagon Investisult litesS. yUr PrGSent hrSe haUlBge SS Compared t0 motor hauIae- The relinesbusLssee ShpWilU? KisselKar Tcks in actual use in vr line and many otherTheJFollowing Lines Qf j business Have Recentlybought Kissel-Kar Trucksfe?nBausd Hotel rrpv' tUe' li.Gl0e,1?'y goods, Dairy, Furniture, Fruit, Commission, TransneyedsU0nfd SSSiS? t0 mu"lcalities in Heafe and Police departmenk&e them to'sSftteLPhone 21 05.O. R. HUKLE,51 3 West Main Street,Lexington,n iiimi i ! 1 1-" iW 1liml-JPessimistic.The best luck any man can have isnever to have been born; but that seldom happens to anyone.NoretciiNii" lrernp vniiTti I SEiwiUnsightly Grey and Faded HairWhy not have beautiful, dark, glossy,natural -colored hair, full of life andbeauty keep yourself young lookingand fascinating? Its so easy andsimple to do if you will get a bottle ofHay's Hair Health today. You'll noticea change after one or two applicationshow quickly the grey hairs vanishaow glossy, full of life and vitalityHay's Hair Health will keep your hair.Don't waste time, get a bottle today.lYour druggist is selling more Hay'sHair Health than all others, becausehe knows it's the most satisfactory,the nicest and cleanest to use andreally does restore color to grey hair.! ,FrJ: SIgn this adv-and take it to thefollowing druggists and get a 50c. bottle of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.cake of Harfina Soap for 50c: or $1.00tottle of Hay's Hair Health and two!p. . v..v vt uoiuua cutty jjTee, ior ?uL. OBERDORFER, Druggist,Paris, Ky.ntucky State Fair!TEMBER 15 to 20, 1913The Kentucky State Fair will offer to the farmersand livestock exhibitors an ormnrtnrritv to exhibit tiuest products oi tneir iarms and nest snRo.imenR oflivestock and to the women an opportunity to displaytheir handiwork and cookery at the 1913 Fair, forwhich liberal premiums are offered.p&j9jjj m rremrams &6-BIG DAYS-6 MM BaiM Rais705For Information, Entry Blanks, Catalog, Etc., addresJ. L. DENT, Secretary,PAUL JONES BUILDING LOUISVILLE2When you fed-tSS'S.vous, tireti, worried or despondent it is asure sign yoa need MOTT'S NERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normal v igor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMott's Nerverine Pills EJJiJSWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props.. Cleveland. OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris. Ky...Professional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones jg-T 13-Home 136.Residence fg'T-.3?4-Home 334.DR. A. H KELJiER,PRAOTIOINO PlTVflTnTAW.Offices, Kooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld,g- .KtntuckjParisJ. WILLIAMS,JX X X, ; VtfJM Jfi I -ALLAW.Mr. Kentucky FarmerIf we told you of a crop which brought a cash incomethe year around, made the soil richer every year and required 'noskilled labor to handle it,Wouldn't That Be The Crop For You?You have this opportunity. The Tri-State Butter Company,Cincinnati, Ohio, will buy your cream the year around, pay spotcash for every shipment and give you a market that is responsible,safe and permanent, and proven so to more than 5,000 shippers.No skilled labor is required to ship cream. Separate the milk,ship when convenient to you twice a week in the summer season,and not quite so often in the winter time. 'Every cow will pay cash for what she eats, yielding a revenueof torn $50.00 to 190.00 per year, besides adding ?25.00 worth-otierniny xo your son.W.Ship, your cream to-day, or write for, free trial cans; U- &i" 'The Tri-State;Butter Company- JSoo:m X Elks BuiKUn. JiQnonrati, Ohio,Cap Stock 75,OMStX1HL BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 29, 1913rCpiIh'-W:$rycuic nc uiiii;pQmiii:JisttasgEs!8rtrai nu in iiiii i i i mi ii ii i aIlteBSV W lllllaliMIIWWIIiW All are cordially invited.MORGAN MEN TO HOLDREUNION AT OLYMPIA.Col. C. M. Best and Mr. W. E. Butter spent Monday in Winchester.Miss Amy Wadell entertained anumber of her friends Tuesday eve-Mrs. R. P. Hopper, of Mayslicle, isthe guest of her sister, Mrs. J. C.Dr. W. M. Miller has returned.home afer a two weeks' visit at Pueblo, Colorado.-Dr. H. C. Burroughs has returnedhome after a two weeks' visit at Owensbore. Mrs. Claude Vimont entertaineda number of friends with a diningWednesday.Mrs. Nannie Collier, of Erlanger,Ky was the guest of Mrs. M. P. Collier, Tuesday.V '" Master Fred Hill is able to be out.Messrs. Jno. Mock and J. J. Pjeedare improving.Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Butler leftWednesday for a two weeks' sojournat Swango Springs.Mrs. W. T. Bedford and little son,of Lexington, are guests of Mr. M. P.Collier and family.Mesdames Ewalt and Cameron, ofParis, were guests Thursday of Mr.and Mrs. Joe Williams.""" Misses Ellen Clark and RuthJohnson have returned home after avisit to relatives in Cincinnati.Miss Amy Richardson will returnto her home at Lexington Saturdayafter a visit to relatives here.Miss Frankie Davidson has returned to her home at Danville, after'a visit to Miss Vee Patterson.Miss Josephine Leer entertainedquite a numebr of her friends Tuesday afternon from 2 to 5 o'clock.Quite a crowd from here attendedthe Sunday school convention held atforth Middletown Wednesday.Messrs. Jno. W. Letton, AlbertHawes and Walter Hawkins left Wednesday afternoon for Atlanta, Ga.Mrs. W. G. Dailey, who returnedhome from St. Joseph Hospital, Lexington, Monday, is improving nicely.Mrs. C. B. Dubois, of Cincinnati,has returned to her home after a twoweeks' visit to friends in Moorefield.Mr. J. G. Smedley and daughter,Mrs. C. B. Smith, have returned aftera two weeks sojourn at Martinsville,Ind.Mesdames W. E. Hancock and W.V. Shaw and Miss Margaret Clark leftThursday for a visit to Mrs. Williamsat Irvine.Mrs. Ollie Ward and children, ofLexington, were guests of Mr. andMrs. Jas. Howard, Tuesday andWednesday-J. Malcolm Linville, of Peru, Ind.,and Homer Linville, of Columbus, O.,are visiting their sister, Miss Katherine Linville.Miss Virginia- Hutchcraft hasreturned to Sandersvilie, Ga., vne.eslie has a position as teacher in thegraded school." The ladies or th ( W. B. M. -villMrs. P. N.-Blackerby, Mrs. Margaret-Cowles, of Falmouth, and Mrs.J. O. Blackerby, of Montgomery, O.,have arrived as guests of Mrs. U. S.G. Pepper.THEATRICALTHE COLUMBIA TODAY."King JRen,e's Danghter," the threereel TnanhQuser picture whicn will beshown a th; Columtia this afternoonrind night is one of the sweetest stones ever id in moving pictures. Jti? a poetic drama ,the scenes beingla-c in Denmark in the fifteenth centuy. and the Jhanhouser cast of actoi.headed by Miss Maude Fealy, whoplays the leading part of "Iolanthe",the King's daughter, brings aroundone of the sweetest romantic storiesof ancient Denmark, showing how thegentleness of "Tristan," her lover,mingled wTith his kindness and loveterminates in a happy ending to onewhose life had been one of sorrow.The Bank of England has been under military protection every nightsince 1780.The annual meeting of Morgan'smen will be held at Olympian Springson September 3 and 4, and preparations have been completed for the bigevent. It is expected that at leasttwo hundred veterans of the commandand probably more will be in attendance, as everyone who has been seenhas indicated that he will attend hemeeting.The entire South is expected to berepresented by delegates and the oldsoldiers will be given a cordial reception. Colonel R. C. Morgan, of Lexington, has received a letter fromGeneral Basil W. Duke, who thinkshe will be able to atend the meeting. 'Special rates will be in effect onthe railroads, going into effect onSeptember 2, and continuing untilSeptember 10.VNEGRO SHOT BY PARIS ,WOMAN DIES OF WOUNDS.George Price, shot and fatallywounded Monday by Elizabeth Booker, formerly of Paris, died in Henryville a negro suburb of Carlisle, wherethe shooting took place. The wdman,who was in jail ona charge of shooting with intent to kill, will now becharged with murder. The examining trial of the defendant had beenset by County Judge William Conleybefore Price died for Wednesday, butwas continued to a future date.KEHOE MAY RUN F,ORBURLEY PRESIDENTRESPONDING PROMPTLY.There has been no finer evidence ofthe splendid generosity of the Bourbon county people than the way inI which they are meeting the paymentson the new Young Men's ChristianAsociation building. Earlier in theweek notices were mailed to all subscribers calling attention to the ffacthat next Monday, Sept . 1st, is thedate when the first installment is tobe paid. It is gratifying to note, however, that the same spirit which manifested itself in the campaign last Juneis still present and many of those whomade pledges have already paid them,and nearly half of those paying paidthe full amount of their subscriptions.It is hoped that this will continue sothat the work on the new buildingmay be hastened.The pledges are payable at the'Bourbon Bank and Trust Company,and it is expected that practicallyall subscribers wil either call and payor mail checks before the end of thecoming -week.ColoredCanpeetinqFRESHMelons on Ice CantalopsString BeansFresh Tomatoes Sweet PeasEvergreen CornPeaches Cucumbers SquashAll Fresh and NiceBoiled and Minced HamKeller Grocery CompanyAt TheiBluegrass Park jSunday,September 7th9Rev. Quarles, Mg'r.Round-Trip Fare From ParisOnly 75 Cents.Paris Book CompanycTllRS. C. D. WEBB, Prop.School Books and SchoolSupplies, Novelties, Etc.Ledgers, Journals, Pens, Inks, Etc. Magazines, Maps,Globes, in fact everything that's found at a Book Store.Picture Framing Our Leading. . . Specialty . . .A meeting of stockholders of theBurley Tobacco Company opposed tothe present management was held inLexington, Tuesday afternoon, atwhich Hon. James N. K!ehoe, presidentof a national bank at Maysville and anex-Congresman, was indorsed for president of the company to succeed President Clarence Lebus,the incumbent.The meeting adjourned to meet againMonday at the same place, when, itwas announced, a complete list of officers and directors to take the placesof the present officers and directorswill be made public.NOTICE OF APPLICATION.GOOD REASON FOR XHIS ENTHUIAirWhen a man hag suffered for swrlfc-days with colic, diarrhoea or othfform of. bowel complaint and is thmcured sound and well by one or twodoses of Chamberlain's Colic, Choleraand Diarrhoea Remedy, as is often thecase, it is but natural that he should;be enthusiastic in his praises of theremedy, and especially is this the casaof a severe attack when life is threatened. Try it when in need of such a.remedy. It never fails. Sold by alldealers. (August)ALL TAILORING WORKIS GUARANTEED.Hon. Denis Dundon, Judge of Bourbon County Court, Hon. Victor Bradley, Commonwealth's Attorney, Hon.Robert L. Stout, Judge of the BourbonCircuit Court, and all others concerned, will take notice that on Tuesday,(Sept. 2, 1913, I will apply to the Boardor rison (Jommisioners for a parolefrom the Penitentiary at Frankfort.(29-2t) NAT GAY.Cleaning and pressing, repairiag,altering and in fact, anything in tktailoring line. All work guarantee tomeet with satisfaction. The oalrshop in town having an expert tailor in.charge. To get the best results ftiall classes of work, give us a call.COLLINS & HALLMAN.In Rear of Paris Billiard Hall, "West(tf) Cor. Main and Fourth Streets.vMWMMCl'SitlLWORK DONE WHEN PROMISEDHMHHHMaieaiHBHMiaMVMiHKaaaMHMaJB,aBl1 INcrw- GrOixxe On IWe Arc Compelled To Unload at Once!Our Store in crowded with Summer Footwear and rather than the risk ofcarrying these goods over to next season, we have decided to resort to thisgreat sacrifice sale. We are going to make this sale a record breaker.Of course it takes bargains, great, big rousing bargains to bring a crowd,and this is just what we have to offer. Read the prices that follow:,Bourbon CollegeFor Young LadiesOpensTuesday, September gth I.Primary, Preparatory and Collegiate Departments.Twelve in Faculty. All Specialists.Music, Art and Expression Unusually Strong.mBourbon College is situated on one of the highes'points in the City of Paris. Large and beautiful campus.Building fitted up with all modern , conveniences and Jequipments.For Annual, address, - 2Mrs. M. G, Thomson, Principal, 5Paris, Kentucky03Q3eCGQS3&9C1:Misses' and Children's $2.50 values in button oxfords and two-straps, patent and flHgun metal. Mark-down Price P h!7Misses' $1 .50 patent, tan, white and gun j-metal pumps. Mark-down Price r7?Children's $2.00 pumps.Mark-down Price ...$1.39Infant's and Children's pumps and oxfordsin patent and tan, $1 values, sizes 2 to 7 M Ck.Mark-down Price il CLadies' $3 values, all latest style pumps and oxfordsm velvets, satm, tan and gun metaland white, the very best valuesmade, Mark-down Price$1.99WANTED100 MenTo Work on Natural GasMains Two MonthsWork.I $1.75 per DayApply to Foreman at Main & 1 9th Sts.5 Paris Gas & Electric Co:,IncorporatedsmMen's $4 Oxfords, tan, patent and gun metal,Walk-Over included. CO OCMark-down Price bmm 3 JMen's $3.50 Oxfords, in patent, gun metaland tan. K MMark-down Price -0mh "f JMen's $3 Oxfords in tan, patent and gun metal.Latest styles.Mark-down PriceMen's $2.50 Oxfords in' button andlace. Mark-down PricelOne lot of Men's Oxfords, broken sizes,999I$2 and $3 values. Mark-down"PriceJ. gUil U1CU&1.$1.99$1.49Misses' barefoot sandals, all sizes. Now 49cLadies' $3.50 values, all popular leathers and fab- mrics, in pumps and oxfords, button flfe Iand lace. Mark-down Price 9iiWv ILadies $2 and $2.50 grades two-strap pumps and Ioxfords in velvet and gun metal. f . wMark-down Price99cLadies' $2 pumps and oxfords in patent, gun 'metaland white pumps. t 1 Vl fMark-down Price fcjiyLadies' white canvas button shoes.Mark-down Price ...We can outfit you with a dependablecamera at small expense.One lot small sizes ladies' oxfordsMark-down Price ..99c i50c INo. 2A PocketBROWNIEIMade by Kodak workmen in the Kodak factory, an'd works likethe Kodaks. Pictures, 2x4. Price, $7.00.Let us show you how easily you can make good pictures with oneof these simple cameras.DAUGHERTY BROS.'JWiAtrCO K E 3ST.- "ZStez .--j-an.-,.,X r...s1 ; XJ-A-3STIB? !