rJ'JLr i.i -.'THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVPBY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR' s-VOLUME XXXIPARIS,' KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MAY 13 1913CHILDREN LEFT ALONEHave Narrow Escape When HouseCatches Fire.BMWWWaMl,l,'MMB"IM"MMIMII,,"Ma'aMWM'll'l'""iiMMWww'ISft.Ks1wa3HSHI3B"riagai3SX:WE WANT YOURWATCH WORKOur Watch Repair Department is nowin charge of MR. BINZEL, a thorough competent, up-to-date and conscientious workman.If your watch is not keeping satisfactorytime, bring it to us; we will tell you just whatthe trouble is and what it will cost to putit in first-class condition.' Don't wait, do it to-day.X tVf1)Sdi ZPaiing Cash Jorkl2our Sroceries 2ou w.Can Sieciuce the Costof cwm Qneuhrdjto31 lbs. the Best if (PlfiEastern Sugar vlJ $(With a $3.00 Purchase) tf)Standard Corn-, per can 5c ITomatoes, per can 10c ttoSweet Potatoes, per can 10c jjjPie Peaches, per can 10c jfThree 10c size Macaroni or Spaghetti 25c M?25c large package National Oats . 25c WCoal Oil, per gallon 12c )K$T. C. LENIHAIN. 1Cash Grocery. $Both Phones 234V....sMKfi&&wss3MmBWifeW&SkWkSKjS!ii,-isifSfse.iSC$5Hsi32$Straw Hats, andPanama HatsIn ail the Latest Styles and atPrices in Reach of Everybody;i$Z M MSummer UnderwearB. V. D. in Union Suits in Separate Garments.Plain Balbriggin in Union Suits and Separate Garments.imiWtZ&fcm&J&Sw&TJSipfScriven in Union Suits and Separate Garments.Our Prices on Underwear 25 to $2PRI6& & 60. ciotmersand Furnishersmmmammmmm:.51K3J3Sifm.$&ivTn&'j'fLLeft alone in the house, four littleboys, the children of Mr. and Mrs.T. M. Kerns, residing" on the farm ofMr. R. B. Hutchcraft, near Kiserton.had a narrow escape from being burned to death yesterday morning whena defective flue. set fire to the bui'ding, which was totally destroyed together with its contents.Mr. Kerns, in company with hiswife and little daughter, had gone toFalmouth to attend ahe funeral of abrother of Mrs. Kerns, and the loursmall boys, ranging in years iromsix to fourteen years, were left Home.During the morning one of the number started a Are in the kitchen stoveand a short time afterward heardsomething fall in the room above. Going to investigate the cause of Thenoise he discovered the flames eatingtheir way through the rafters of thebuilding.Before the children could maketheir way out of the building thehouse had filled with smoke and theyexperienced great difficulty in reaching the doorway. Neighbors in thevicinity attracted by the fire went totheir assistance and the quartettewas taken to the- home of Mr. I. N.Keller a short distance avay. wherethey were cared for until the returnof their parents.The building, which was owned byMr. R. B. Hutchcraft, was partly insured. All of the household effectsof Mr. Kearns were destroyed.FAIR DATES CHANGED.Bourbon Exhibit Will .Be .Held .InAugust This Year.At a meeting of the Directors ofthe Bourbon County Agriculture Society held at the Court House Saturday afternoon it was decided to holdthe annual exhibit this year the weekof August 14 nistead of September aswas heretofore announced. The actiontaken by the Board is the resul of theconflicting dates of the fall meetingof the Kentucky Race Association,which this year will he held duringthe first week in September.The dates set for holding the fairthis year will conflict with the fair atEwing, this year, unless some arrangement can be made whereby thelatter association can take the datesof the Paris fair. Some time agothere was a movement in this direction, but the Directors of the Bourbonfair raised a serious objection. Sometime ago an effort was made to havethe Ewing fair assume the dates ofthe Bourbon fair, but failing in this itwas decided at the meeting Saturdayto hold the meeting two weeks earlier.Secretary John Wiggins was instructed to confer with the Directorsof the Ewing fair in an effort to havethem reconsider, and a letter waswritten the Secretary to this effect.No answer, however, has been received, but it is probable a reply willbe forthcoming within the next fewdays."Hinata" Races Tomorrow.A reproduction of the famous"Hinata" stock farm races tomorrowat the Columbia.r"WE KNOW HOW"fLet YourMoney Do ItIf Your Monev Was HumanIt Would Not Want To BeExchanged For Clothing Unless it Was Dollar For DollarValue,Don't let your money buy just Clothing. Make itNBuy the Real fDependable ClothingThe kind that is backed up by a guarantee from theright kind of a merchant. Dollar for dollar valuesare assured when" you purchase Clothing from thisstore, and you will find this same rule applies to1every dollar's worth of merchandise bought here.Stetson Shoes andStetson HatsManhattan Shirts inbright, snappySpring stylesI Mitchell & Blakemore9IOutfitters to MienParis, Kentuckyp SLBcrin 11 111 1 1 11 1 1 U' imxninxit 111 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 ri 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 iiiiMililillll lllllllllliniti 1 1 1PARIS TEMPLARSWill go to Owensboro Next Week5 toAttendAnnuaI Conclave.Preparations are being made by themembers of Coeur de Lion Commandery No. 26 to attend the annualKnights Templar Conclave to be heldin Owensboro next week. A largenumber of the me'mbers of the localCommandery have signified their willingness to attend, and it is probablea large percent will be in attendance.It is the plan to leave this city onthe morning of Tuesday, May 20, andarrive in Owensboro Tuesday nightof the first day of the conclave.Headquarters for the Paris Commandery have already been secured.i'FRANK & COThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.WOMAN INJUREDWhenHorse Frightens at Auto andOverturns Vehicle.As the result of an accident whichoccurred Sunday afternoon about 5.30o'clock, Mrs. Walter Florence, residing on the James Denton farm, on theRuddles Mills pike, a few miles fromthis city.Mrs. Florence was en route to Parisand was accompanied by her daughter, Mssi Nanny Florence. At a pointnear the home of Mr. David Kennedy'sthey were passed by an automobiledriven by Mr. John Northcott, of Cynthiana. The horse driven by Mrs.Florence took fright at the passingmachine, and running up an embankment, overturned the buggy, throwingthe occupants out.Mrs. Florence was picked up andcarried to the Kennedy home, fromwhich place a physician was summoned, Dr. George Rankin respondingto the call and rendering medical attention to the injured woman. Mrs.Florence sustained a fractured hipand was considerably bruised aboutthe body. Her daughter escaped without injury.StFJt&VimyBigg Deal in Thoroughbreds.Arthur H. Hancock, of Paris, proprietor of Ellerslie Stud, at Charlottesville, Va., bought Saturday from theestate of James R. Keene its half interest in twelve thoroughbred foalsthat were owned jointly by the Keeneestate and Mr. Hancock, that are nowat the farm at Charlottesville. Theyoungsters were bred on shares andall of them were by Celt, one of thebest sons of the mighty Commando,and are all out of producing maresand dams of first class race horses.The deal was one of the biggest evermadei in this section-'of the State.3Half-Price Suit Sale!The backward season and late deliveries from the manufacturers finds us with too many suits on hand. Consequently theliberal reduction now, when you most desire a Spring Suit. AllSuits are this Spring models.$40.00 Suits now,35.00 Suits now30.00 Suits now25.00 Suits now20.00 Suits now15.00 Suits nowy$20.0017.5015.0012.5010.007.50Is.U cOdd Sizes and White Suits not included in this sale.' Alterations will be made with extra cost to the purchaser.Bring thi5 list and make your selection. The original pricetickets will be left on all garments will be left on all garments andreductions will be made as above.bwmi mm V V v 9F ""4mmmmmmwmmwm ss8T$-91f- jaamatsammmzBmm&KBctnt&ssifxscfijejussKesxiimvmjmiesujafivt-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 13 1913riM 1 M 1M M) I-1-.It :" trMl!4--IHHiiBMIHMBM .' liw C 1 7onoesZ)hat Jlppeal 'A? Overv utveryomanNew models and exclusive patterns areshown at all times in our display of Women'sFootwear. Every pair of these Shoes alsoshow elegance of finish and grace in each particular line. We can give you fitting qualitiesin Shoes which cannot be excelled, and as toservice, it need only be said that our Shoes aremade by the best Shoe makers in the world.We can give them to you in widths as narrowas AA.We invite your inspection.IKE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .2.00 Six Months.Payable in Advance.1.00ADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 permen ior nrsc time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar mat! er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advert.! rr-j ments and yearly contracts.Geo. Mc Williams,L.Phones 301The Shoe Mann mThe right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space a newspaper's stock intrad source of revenue.KILL OR CURE GAMEBy F. S. JENSEN.Stomach Weak?AH3C go along day atfUrY day suffering whi-n aidis at hand so convenient andat so little cost.enM!r. Fierce sANNOUNCEMENTS.Bourbon Laundry;DWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.'MfT'West 5 StreetWe Take'Pleasure.SS'ftft(I)'ftftin oing up the" finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes bck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.iGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299,The News is authorized to make thefollowing announcements, subject tothe action of the Democratic PrimaryAugust 2, 1913:For RepresentativeREUBEN" HTJTCHCRAFr.For State SenatorHON. J. WELL CLAYRUFUS HADDENFor Commonwealth's AttorneyVICTOR A. BRADLEYFor County ClerkPE ARCE PATONJ. WALTER PAYNEFor Police JudgeR. S. PORTERL. GRINNANTHOS. J. HOLLIDAYE. B. JANUARYFor CoronerGEO. M. KISERRUDOLPH DAVISFor MayorJ. T. HINTONJAS. M. O'BRIEN.For Police ChiefJ. C. ELGIN, Sr.W. F. LINK .GEO. JUL. HILL IBEN BISHOPGEO. W. JUDYFor JailerJOSEPH FARRISW. O. BUTLERFor CouncilmenFirst WardWHITTINGTON MANN.GEO. D. SPEAKES.W. T. BROOKS.Second Ward.W. O. HINTON.BRUCE MILLER.W A. WALLEN.WM. KENNEY,Third WardJACK WOODS.For Assessor.R. M. GILKEY.JOHN S. WIGGINS.For County Judgec. a. McMillan.For County AttorneyGEO. BATTERTON.For MagistrateL. J. FRETWELL,For SheriffW.F. TALBOTT,W. G. McCLINTOCK, DeputyJ. O. MARSHALL, Deputy"How are you, old sport," said Jepson to Simcoe, who, supported by acrutch and a cane, came slowly downthe sunlit street. Simcoe was swathed until he resembled a mummy; hemoved with extreme care. When heperceived Jepson he smiled wanly."I don't feel very well," he returnedwearily. "I don't seem to get muchbetter somehow.""What are you doing for it?" inquired Jepson. "That has a lot to dowith how you feel, ydu know. Now,I've got a second cousin, whose wife'smother knows a man who was downflat on his back with something orother, and he took let's see, I am notsure that I know just what it wasbut, anyway, it was some sort of medicine that you rub on and take internally, too; I don't doubt but that anydruggist can tell you the name of it,if you tell him what it's for. You getsome and try it, and maybe it willcure you as quick as it did that fellow." Simcoe held up his thin hands. "Nouse," he said. "If it's known to medical science I've already tried it. I'vechanged medicines once in everythree or four days for a year or so; Itry a new preparation every time Iturn around. I think I get worse allthe time.""Why don't you hunt up a new doctor?" queried Jepson, with a suddeninspiration."Doctors!" snorted Simcoe, for themoment aroused from his lethargy."Doctors! I've had more doctors thanthere are men in the Mexican army.I've had doctors that give medicinein large doses, and doctors that givemedicine in small doses; I've had doctors that rub and maltreat their patients until most of them either dieor get well in self-defense; I've haddoctors that give various sorts oftreatment, and some that don't seemto give any at all. I've had 'em oldand young, male and female, white,red, black and tan and yellow allsorts and conditoins of doctors, butnone of them is able to make me feelas I ought to feel.""Ever try the baths?" ventured Jepson."All of them," said Simcoe. "Sulphur, salt, mud, steam, hot and coldwater, hops I've been the wholeroute. And every new kind of bathdoes me up worse than the one before.I must be in awful shape, and I don'tknow for the life of me what I'm to dowith myself now.""I'll tell you, old man," conseledJepson, after deliberation, "if I werein your shoes, I wouldn't do anything.Maybe no treatment at all is what youneed until you get rested up again.Anyway, the things you've triedhaven't helped you, you say, and thismight.""Not do anything?" exclaimed Simcoe in amazement. "Why, if I took achanca like that I'd probably be deadas a pickled eel before tomorrow. I'mon my way now to see a new sort ofmedical genius that puts his patientsin a barrel and piles hot bricks ontheir heads. It's said that he hasworked some wonderful cures."But as for me, I don't hope for verymuch. It doesn't seem to be muchuse, because the more I doctor, somehow, the worse I get, and the worse Iget the more I have to doctor, andthe more I doc "But Jepson had fled.IervOnsrpKTfzcaifsslaids digestion and purifies the blood. As a consequence boththe stomach and liver return to tiieir normal and healthy condition.Nervousness and biiiousneas Boon dLappear. The entire systemtakes on new life.i For over forty years this famous old medicinehas "made good" and never more so than today,enjoying a greater sale all over the worid thanany ether doctor's piescrlption.For ss'Te at nil ch'tscg-ste in liquid or tablet form, cryou cuzi send fifty ic stamps for trial bosr. AddressDR. R. V. PIERCE, BUFFALO, N. Y. ,Vii-Jiii' t.- ---iKl f ii IB VF Id f ii J i VI tw9D Need it in YourBusiness"FOR SALE BYI'.iililwin Bros!--M. A. CAHAL.Barber Shop.cTryOurouniry iudLayer CakesChocolate Caramel,v White and': Ribbonk;Sc, Two For 25cAlso Hubig'sFahVous Pies, 15c.First-Class Workmen.Polite and Prompt Attentionto All.Hot and Cold BathsWe Thank You For a Share ofYour Patronage.Good Form.Ellen is rounding out her sixtiethyear, but she has never learned toread or write. When she was a girl,schools in Ireland were almost asscarce as snakes, and so the duty oftelling the old folks at home thatEllen is still alive devolves upon hermistress The task is carried out faithfully each month, and at Ellen's dictation the letters always end with:"Please excuse the writing." Harper's Weekly.Dodson & DentonQrJC&PSjXS&gsSS'gSxQsSafcti2&(lftMJircrBwrn' '- -ASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland Telephone works for him. He will reply:Sells My Products 4. Protects the HomeGets Best Prices 5. Helps the HousewifeBrings Supplies 6. Increases Profits7. rays .b or ltselt Over and Over JSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-dav for booklet. .For information, call manager.1.2,3.CumberlanchTelephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated..'Baldwin Bros.Trees Trees TreesFruit and Ornamentals, Strawberries, Shrubs, Hedging, Grapes, "Asparagus, Rheubarb, Roses, Peonies,Phiox, etc.Everything for Orchard, Lawn andGarden. NoAgents.H. F. HILLENMEYER & SONS,Lexington, Ky.Drive Sick Headaches Away.Sick headaches, sour.gassy stomachindigestion, biliousness disappearquickly after you take Dr King's NewPills. They purify the blood) and putnew life and vigor in the system. Trythem and you will be well satisfied.Every pill helps; every box guaranteed. Price 25c. Recommended byOberdorfer.3a wired houseIIS STJWIUr W-TODJOII?Worth of Man of Force.There is always room for a man offorce, and he, in turn, makes roomfor many. Society is a troo"p of thinkers, and the best heads among themtake the best places. A feeble mancan see the farms that are fenced andtilled and the houses that are built.A strong man sees the possible housesand farms. His clear eye makes estates as fast as the sun breeds clouds.Emerson.Coal Mine Rescue Work.Under the British mines accident(rescue and aid) act, it is establishedthat at every mine in the UnitedKingdom there shall be organized andmaintained competent rescue brigadesone when the number of underground workmen is 250 or less, and increasing according to the number.A brigade must consist of not lessthan five jiersons employed at themine, carefully selected, for theirknowledge of underground work, coolness and powers of endurance, andcertified to be medically fit.A majority must be trained in firstaid. No brigade is deemed competent without a course of training approved by the secretary of state.The type of apparatus employed consists of a mouthpiece, breathing bags,twin oxygen cylinders, regenerator,injector and reducing valve.It weighs' 35 pounds, and is attached to the front of the body bystraps. The cylinders contain together ten cubic feet of oxygen at 120atmospheres, which will last twohours.Extra Values!50 Fine and Stylish Sample Suits for Ladies and Misses, values $15 and $20, to be sold, special at $10.90. All Women andMisses size.Made by the best manufacturers in the country to demonstrate the high character of their production.After the suits were displayed we immediately bought themat an unusual advantage, and now we price them awfully low, at$10.90The excellent tailoring perfection of fit and qUalityJ of materials of these suits and the low price will make a grand purchasefor you.Call and see them atTwinBIOSDepaiimt SioieFind Statue in Tree Trunk.While cutting up a century-old firtree on the Simplon (France) forest,ers found in the heart of the trunk abronze statue of the Virgin Mary. Itwas about a foot tall and perfectlypreserved. It is supposed that thestatuette was placed in a niche carvedin the tree and that the wood gradually grew all around It.Inured to Cold Climate.An experiment has recently beenmade by a firm of miners located inBurwash creek (in the Kluan district,175 miles west of White Horse, Yukonterritory, about latitude 63) in theraising of horses. Abundance of finelands is available for pasturing inAlaska and the Yukon. Late in thefall of 1911 a number of Oregon horsesused the previous summer by the international boundary survey corpswere taken to the head of the Whiteriver, near the international boundaryline, and turned out for winter. Themares and all the colts lived and aredoing well, making more hardy animals than their predecessors. Severalinstances are known in which coltsfoaled in the far north have grown intothe hardiest f horses, having becomofullyinured to the severity of the win.ters. It has been observed that whenhorses have lived lor some length oftime in this region that they becomenaturally protected from the extremecold by .the, growth of a longer coat olCorner Seventh and Main Sts.We are agents for Pictorial Patterns, Buster Brown Hose,Bon Bon and W. B. Corsets.3TIIsaid. Riht Over Wood ShinglesNo Dirt, No Bother In a very short time any building can have its firetrap covering turned into a modern fire-proof, zlorm-ptoof, lightning-preefroof jtt a very .moderate cost a roof that will last as long as the buildingand never need repairs. . 4" For Sale byBest & Hawkins, Millersbur,2Ky.v3t-ihair. - ' ,V.. $& , ftfVfc.v vM-v'T&"" s-rJg"VVT"-r,-THE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 13,1913.hA. rmwmnmTm7Mm.AwziMYX3iM&AZmjxm i br?Bm7Himiwk.iKi93 Got This Fine Pipe With Liggett& Myers Duke's Mixture"All kinds of men 6moke Duke's Mixture in all kindsof pipes as well as in cigarettes and they all tell the samestory. They like the genuine, natural tobacco taste ofcy2Vt4&UJ&LChoice brightleaf aged to mellow mildness, carefully stemmednd then granulated every grain pure, high-grade tobaccothat's what you get in the Liggett & Myers Duke's Mixture sack.You get one and a half ounces of this pure, mild, delightfultobacco, unsurpassed in quality, for 5c and with each sack youget a book of papers free.Now About the Free PipeIn every sackof Liggett & Myers Duke's Mixture we now packa coupon. You can exchange these coqpons for a pipe or for manyother valuable and useful articles. Th'ese presents cost not onepenny. There is something for every member of the familyskates, catcher's gloves, tennis rackets, cameras, toilet articles,suit cases, canes, umbrellas, and dozens of other things. Just sendother1fBF iwv? St. Louis, SSk I 1 1fe;SfteMil 1.111 1 II 111 lli IrL AN ACCURATEThat can he changed to two, three or four grains to a hill without stopping the team.IPI I J4TjCAccurate, simple and will put each hill"Oairand see it demonstrated.v..'Yerkes & Prichard,DEALERS IN FARM MACHINERY, WAGONS, BUGGIES, AUTOMOBILES,COAL FEED AND SALT.I555?2tilBgmmolIB!us your name and address on a postaland as a special offer toe will sendyou oar new illustrated catalogueof presents FREE of any charge.This offer expires December 31,1913. Open up a sack of Liggett2Jyer Duke's Mixture today.Coupons from Duke's Mixture may beassorted zvith tazs from HORSE SHOE,J. T., TINSLEY'S NATURAL LEAF.GRANGER TWIST, and Coupons fromFOUR ROSES UOctin double coufion).PICK PLUG CUT. PIEDMONT CIGARETTES, CUX CIGARETTES, andJiHBtazs or coupons tssued by us.Premium Dept.cittUUeeoo GaimrDROP CORN PLANTERffiM2lB 4 mISlbrhh fins! 1l-JtAlFOR SALE BY-STg How's This? "We offer One Hundred Dollars ;Reward for any ease of Catarrh 'thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhCure,F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, 0.We, the undersigned, have known F.J. Cheney for the last 15 years, andbelieve him perfectly honorable in .illbusiness transactions and financial I vable to carry out any obligations madeby his firm.NATIOMAL BANK OF COMMERCE.Toledo, 0.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally,apting directly upon the blood andmucous surface of the system. Testimonials sent free. Price 75 cents perbottle. Sold by all Drughists.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.Cause of Pink Eyes.Albinos have pink eyes, because intheir case the cornea is absolutelyfree of all pigment as well as the iris,and as all is absolutely transparentthe blood-vessels make their colorshine through.Rheumatism Quickly Cured.. "My sister's husband had an attactof rheumatism in his arm ," writesa well known resident of Newton,Iowa. "1 gave him a bottle of Chamberlain's Liniment which he appliedjbo his arm and on the next morningthe rheumatism was gone.'' Forchorine mucular rheumatism you willfind nothing better than Chamberlain's Liniment. Sold by all Dealees.Reflection on the Lawyer.Lawyer I must know the wlio!etruth before I can successfully defendyou and establish your innocence.Have you told me everything? Prisoner Except where I hid the money.I want that for myself.Only A Fire Herobut the crowd cheered, as, with burned hands, he held up a small roundbox, "Fellows" he shouted, "thisBucklen's Arnica Salve I hold, haeverything beat for burns.'' Right!also for boils, ulcers, sores, pimples,eczema, cuts, spains, bruises. Surestpile cure. It subdues inflamation, lullspaid. Only 25 cents at Oberdorfer's.Rough on the Maid.It is embarrassing when a younglady is in to one young gentlemanand out to another, and they happerto call together.A Great Building Fallswhen its foundation is undermined,and if the foundation of health gooddigestion is attacked, quick collapsefollows. On the first signs of indigestion, Dr. King's New Lie Pills shouldbe taken to tone the stomach andregulate liver, kidneys and bowles.Pleasant, easy, safe and only 25 centsat Oberdorfer's.""feJJfe -i AT1in its proper place.CHURCH WITH 7 MEMBERSMethodist Conference ls Unable toSolve the Problem of ExtendingUsefulness of Institution.New Haven. One of the smallestchurches in this country is the Parker(Conn.) A. M. B. Zion church of Meriden, its membership numbering butseven regular members with an average attendance at church of aboutfifteen persons.The smallest of the congregationhas alwayB been a puzzle to those interested in the church. It has beenorganzied sincce 1890, but neverseems to grow any larger despite theefforts of revivalists and well-knowncolored organizers who have visitedthe church for the purpose of buildingit up.During its twenty-two years of existence many preachers have been assigned to the pastorate, but owing tothe smallness of the congregation oflate years it has been impossible toraise enough money to pay the preacher for his services.At the last meeting of the Methodistconference the question of the Parkerchurch was discussed at length by thedelegates. Scheme after scheme forthe building up of the impoverishedtreasury, and the congregation, werediscussed, but none seemed feasible.W. C. Andrews, a lay preacher holding a pastorate in Providence on asalary, then came forward and offeredhis services as a preacher.Leaving his family behind, thepreacher went to Meriden, where heassumed charge. Inasmuch as he hadno income, it become compulsory upon him to provide a roof for himself.Hecuring some old boards and timbers, the preacher built a small roomon the rear of the church. For weekshe labored from morning to night untilat last he had for himself a cozyhome at no expense to the church.Determined still further that thechurch would not have to support him,he cast around for a suitable positionwhereby he could earn enough to liveon. Jfylr. Andrews was not afraid ofwork, and prominent business men ofMeriden who had heard of his effortsand his sacrifice secured for him aposition with the Meriden Gas company as a porter.Here six days in the week thepreacher toils as a porter. In the afternoons and evenings he gets out andworks among his parishioners, performing all the duties of a minister,such as visiting the sick and officiating at marriages and funerals.Bent on performing service to hiscongregation, Mr. Andrews, however,shuns all publicity ,and performs hisgood deeds without making known hiswork.GOULD SERVANT BREAKS NECKSecond to Die at Lyndhurst SinceMistress' Wedding Others Suspect "Hoodoo."New York. Martin Connelly, forforty-two years a servant of MrsFinley J. Shepard, formerly MissHelen Gould, at Lyndhurst, her Irv-ington estate, fell from a ladder whileat work trimming vines and brokehis neck, dying within half an hour.He was sixty-three years old, and agreat favorite with Mrs. Shepard, because he had been first employed byher father, Jay Gould.Other employes of the estate arehalf inclined to attribute Connelly'sdeath to a "hoodoo," which they say,has settled upon Lyndhurst sincetheir mistress' wedding and departurefor Europe.Connelly is the second of the olderGould servants to die since the wedding. Archibald Robbie, superintendent of the estate, caught cold at thewedding and died. The other oldservants are becoming uneasy.MANY SAFE AS DEATH YAWNSEngineer Stops Train as LocomotiveIs Swept Away With Weakened Bridoe.Lyndcnville, Vt. Facing what appeared to.be imminent death for himself, the engineer of a passenger trainfrom Montreal to Boston, brought thecrowded coaches to an abrupt stop onthe edge of a tottering bridge.An instant later the structure weakened by a flood, gave way under theweight of the locomotive, and the engine, with its crew, plunged into theice-choked stream.One hundred and twenty-five passengers who scrambled out of the carslearned from trainmen that anotherbridge over the Passumpsic river, amile back, had been swept away a moment after their train had cleared it.The engineer and fireman, by alucky chance, dropped in open waterand swam ashore.PUTS HENS IN GYMNASIUMSt. Paul Poultry Man Increases Number of Eggs With Artificial Gardenand Other Devices.St. Paul. Hens should have a gymnasium, proper training and an occasional change of diet in order to breakeg-laying records, according to Samuel E. Mahan, a local poultry dealer.Mr. Mahan recently established in connection with his chicken coop a gymnasium, where daily each hen is given,two hours of exercise.He declares that as a result of thistraining the averag production ofeach hen has increased in nine daysfrom 55 to 85 per centA feature of the gymnasium is anartificial garden bed, where the hens,exercise their muscles but -nndrnoiHHInHiliHHMaVictor Bogaert Co., JJewelers andDEALERS INI Diamonds and IPrecious IStonesWe carry a large assortment of Sterling Silver, andeverything in the Jewelry line.Your patronage is solicited.VICTOR BOGAERT CO.,1 33-1 35 W. Main St.,I Lexington, -Season 1913Caylor Simmons33489Dark bay horse, 16 hans high, weighs1,200 lbs.By Simmons Boy 17517, sire of Silver Simmons 2:16, Simmonette 2:19,etc.1st dam Brilliante, by Wilkes Boy2:24), sire of Courier-Journal 2:06,Judge Swing 2:08 York Boy 2:08and nearly 100 others in 2:30 list.2nd dam Grace Ashland by AshlandChief 751, son of Mambrino Chief II.3rd dam Pong by Old Pilot.4th dam Meg by Boston, (thoroughbred.) TAYLOR SIMMONS will make thejeason of 1913 at my stables in Paris,on High street, near 2nd street, at$1 5 to InsureThe ideal carriage horse is theAmerican trotting bred horse, withsize, speed, courage, and the truetrotting gait, with plenty of knee andhock action. In addition he musthave a clean cut head and neck, styleand finish, plenty of substance without coarseness.r Recognizing the demand for thisclass of horses, I selected Taylor Simmons 23489, a young horse which fillsall the requirements of the typicalcarriage horse. If the theory that"like begets like" be true, he willproduce horses of this type whenmated with good mares. Through hisveins flow the biood of the greatesttrotting families. He traces twice toGeorge Wilkes and five times to Mambrino Chief II. This is backed by thestout thoroughbred blood of Boston.A few of the fancy priced onessired by Taylor Simmons: Thendara,winner in the walk-trot class at theBlue Grass Fair in 1907, LouisvilleHorse Show and in the East, sold byCol. C. L. Railey for 2,500; AlleenPowers, sold to Godfrey Priest, ofNew Yrork, for $1,000; Little Nath,sold for 500 to Eastern parties. Hisget are always commanding the pricethat pay a man to raise good stock.Lien retained on colts until seasonmoney is paid.Imp. Joe IIPure Bred Shetland Stallion.Imp. Joe II, sorrel and white, registered at Port Huron, August 28,1905, No. vol. 14, page 3. Sire Jim,No. 292 ; dam Banbsy, No. 1410. Asure foal getter.10 TO INSURE A LIVING COLTTom MackThe celebiated" James E. Clay Jack,will make the 'season at Murphy'sYards. Tom Mack is the best breederof mules thatever stood in the county.$12 TO INSURE LIVING COLT$20 JENNET .M.J,MURPHY,1Paris, Ky.msDevelopedAny Size6 or 12Exposureswmmrnmmmmmmmmmmwmmmmmmmmm,'mmmmm'mmmm'mmtmmammmmmmtmThe only reduction is, in price. Thequality of the workmain as high andeversF. E.JOHNS,222 W9JVlain,St.,ImporetrsHIGH-CLASS- KentuckySpecial Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther NoticeWe pay 12 l-2c for greeir. ,tbeef hides. Call us upof bring it to our place. -MAX MIINICK,8th Street, PARIS, KYCall East Tenn. Phone 374 iProfessional CardsJ. WIIiljIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW..Room 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones T 136umce rnones j Home 136Residence( E. T. 334.Home 334.K. A. H KELLER, -Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - - KentuckyCurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bonrbon Bank)3- CHAIRS - 3:t Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at All 'HoursNo LongWaits.A Share of the" Public Patt ronage Solicited.10A ROLLand our service re-runapproachable asy -VVJLexington? KS3ay .?.Ji?SJ.Si iJ-r,m ---- - - --- -- -B.Wmmma9mmmmmmmmmmm9mmmmmmmmm9mmmmf9mwrd' x -f ... : - - - -- - - -- - - .nouriBiuuent. , ' -rPhone 6C1 7 Y. ?i- -- v&' 1 km-'r, .A.Vl,?'"a.SVK 4. IHh BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY J3,1913Sa: j:i!.ft.hiPJ''!ijf!I' itnI' HI Ili Ii .ii-i&STOCK AND FARM NOTESThousands of pounds of wool havebeen sold in Lincoln county, Ky., at20 cents.Thorton Woodford, of Mt. Sterling, Ky., recently sold the stallionHalf Star for $800 to a Mr. Miller, ofTennessee.Shippers are paying 7 to 7cents for lambs for June delivery and6 to 7 cents for July delivery inWoodford county, Ky.The fine farm of Mrs. W. H.Graves in Woodford on the Nicholasville turnpike, two miles from Versailles, containing 166 acres, has beenpurchased by Bolivar Bond, B. L. Lil(lard and'C. B. Sullivan. The price,Turhich was private, is said to be a'good one.Ball Bros., Versailles, Ky., sold to-Chares W. Lowden, of Chicago, twohandsome, well gaited, chestnut saddlers by Montgomery Chief at a pricesaid to be the greatest for a pair ofsaddle horses in that section for agreat time. One is five and the other.six years old.The Stanford Journal says: "T.Carpenter delivered 26 head of silagefed cattle to Monte Fox, of Danville,last week. The bunch averaged 1150pounds and the price was $8.50 perhundred. The cattle were extra quality and the price was the highest everpaid in that locality. M. Peavyhouseand sons delivered to Myers & Tucker last week 43 head of 180 poundhogs at 8 cents a lb. B. F. Leigh solda good milk cow to William Nave for?65.Refrigerators., See the Panama and Gibson lines of'Refrigerators, also the New Progressin steel best on earth.E. M. WHEELER,Robneel Building.County Graduates Examined.An examination of county graduateswas held Friday and Saturday at theCourt House, conducted by the County Superintendent, Miss Mabel Robbins and Prof. E. M. Costello. Thirtyfour white pupils and thirteen colored,'who took the examination, a largernumber than at any previous examination. Those who pass the examination will be admitted to the Paris HighSchool the coming term, free of-cbarge.The applicants were: Stella Watson,Sadie Strother, Mamie Waggoner,Delia McDuffy, Roy Smith, WilliamGinn, Cornelius Fitzgerald, FrankHamilton, Ray Ingles, Margaret Medlin, Charles Tate, Edgar Estes, CharlesGhappell, Dan Turney Clay, GeorgeMorton Jones, -Garrett Letton, Jennings Taylor, Virgil Harney, PrestonWhite, Jan! e Leach, John Kenneyv Leach, Camille Welsh, Mattie Rose,Fannie McClure, Allie McLeod, MaggieTate, Ruth Linville, Mabel Galloway,Irene Lair, Lizzie Bell Merrimee, Virginia Dotson, Leila Speakes, LaurelBelle Faulconer and Annabel Peterson. Colored, Nancy Evans, Willie Evans,Chester Fitch, Alberta Booker, OliviaBedinger, Gertrude Lindsay, JessieKillis, Grace Lewis, Artie Thomas,Bettie Reed, Malinda Carter, ViolaMack and Melinda Buckner.No Romance in These.Polly "Having announced that theyWere'going to live in an apartment, Isuppose the Newlyweds got a lot ofuseful presents." Dolly "Yes, . indeed! Among them -I saw a snowfihovel, a lawn mower and a set oigarden tools." Judge.Luke McLuke Says:There is always something wrongin this world. Just as the girls beginto look sweetest in spring attire thejprice of onions drop to three cents apound.A man may be nine feet high whenhe Js in a saloon, but you could hidehim under a thimble when he has tobuy something for his wife in a whitegoods store.When a man trips over somethingdown town with strangers looking athim he smiles sweetly and regards itas a joke. But when he trips overanything at home you can smell thesulphur for an hour.A good housekeeper is always hardup for aprons.Some men can carry $500 aroundand pay no attention to it. But ifsome other guys get hold of a $5 billthey have to get drunk.Any fat woman would rather weara straight front and have to waddlethan go without corsets and be ableito walk.We would all do more fighting thanwe do if we were not afraid of beingwhipped.You may have noticed that thesuffragettes didn't set fire to or, breakthe windows in any millinery shops.Most men carry cheap umbrellas,but nobody ever lost one that cost lessthan "$5.It is hard work for a woman to looksoulful when she gets so she can't seeJierown feet.The tight skirts are hard on thethin girls with the sharp knees. Theyhave to sit sideways in street cars tokeep kfrom wearing holes in theirhobbles.A woman regards her husband. as ahero on two occasions, the day Tie ismarried and the day he is buried.A, "woman can take a hairpin andopen anything from an argument to acan of tomatoes.A slim Princess doesn't mind being J&ow-lgged. But for Mercy's sakedoa'tltell her she is getting fat.'Cincinnati "Enquirer.TEACHERS ASSOCIATIONIn Sesion at Millersburg SaturdayHas Large Attendance.The Bourbon. County Teachers Association met in Millersburg Saturday with Mrs. Anna Doty at the Public School building. It was the bestmeeting of the kind ever held in thatcity and was largely attended. All ofthe county schools entered specimensof their work to compete for the prizesgiven by the Bourbon County SchoolImprovement League. The rooms ofthe school building were decoratedearly in the morning with the children's work, and the judges were busyuntil nearly noon awarding prizes.The contest for many of- the articleswas so close the judges experiencedmany difficulties in making the choice.At noon an elaborate lunch preparedby the teachers of the MillersburgDistrict was served. The afternoonwas devoted to the Domestic Sciencework, and a number of eminent speakers were present. Addresses weremade by the following: Dr. A. S. McKenzie, State College, Lexington; T.W. Vinson, Frankfort; R. S. Eubanks, Lexington; Mr. Deetrick, Winchester; R. Dean Squires, Carlisle; T.J. Coats, Richmond; State Supervisorof Rural Schools. The addresses wereall good and well received.Prof. Coates' address was full ofthought which should have been carried away by every teacher present.He is a fluent speaker, a rapid thinker, and places his thoughts before hishearers in an interesting way.At the close of the addresses MissRobins, County Superintendent, readthe prize list. Millersburg carriedaway six first prizes and three seconds, while Fords Mill carried awayfive first prizes and four seconds.Three sets of books were given awayby the different speakers of the afternoon to the schools getting the first,second and third prizes.The following teachers were present: Misses Burns, Miller, Kerr,Kiser, Clay, Talbott, Ockerman, Peterson, McDaniel, Miller, Doty, Elliott,Lenihan, Nannie Clarke, ElizabethClarke, Howard, Neal, Rummans,Rice, Mason, Hill, Sadie Clarke, Gorham, Virgil Cornish, Crutcher, Ardery,Pryor, Oliver.The following members of the Bourbon County School ImprovementLeague from garis, attended themeeting. Miss Mabel Robbins, Mrs.R. B. Hutchcraft, Mrs. F. P. Lowry,Mrs. Walter Payne, Mrs, Robert Goggin, Mrs. Albert Mitchell, Mrs. WadeWhitley and Mrs. William Myall.Others attending were Elder W. E.Ellis, Mrs. Ellis, Miss Majy Ellis, Mr.and Mrs. Ward Wilcox, Miss ClaraBacon, Dr. O. L. Marshall, Mr. PearcePaton, Mr. and Mrs. T. W. Current,Ruddles Mills, Mr. and Mrs. C. A.Harney, Cynthiana; Mrs. AnnaCooper, Winchester; and Mrs. G. L.Rice, North Middletown.Mrs. Wads Whitley, president of theBabies' Health League, offered twoprizes on behalf of the league, for thebest essay by county school pupils on"The Most Sanitary Method of Caringfor Milk." The prizes are $3 and $2,and the contest wil close the first ofAugust.Special Theatre Film.Special feature film of "Hinata"stock farm races tomorrow at' theColumbia.Children's Day at Little Rock.Children's Day will be observed bythe members of the Christian SundaySchool in Little Rock the first Sundayin June. Preparations are being madeto have this a great occassion. Anumber from this school and from theC. W. B. M. will attend the DistrictConvention, at Cynthiana, May 20 and21.Called Meeting.There will be a called meeting ofthe Babies' Health League Thursdayafternoon at 3 o'clock. The meetingwill be held in the reception room atthe Public School building.A Great Opportunity.A great opportunity to secure abuilding lot is presented in the sale ofthe building sites in Rosedale Additon. Good sewers, shade trees andconcrete walks, graded thoroughfares,etc., make them the most desirable inthe city. Don't fail to attend the saleon Wednesday afternoon, May 14, at 2o'c.lock and invest in a site that willbe just to jrour liking. Fifty dollarsin gold wil be given away in prizes onthe day of the sale.Frost Gets Many Gardens.The heavy frosts of the past two orthree nights have played havoc withthe early gardens and as a result allof the tender plants which were upwell and thriving have been considerably damaged.Literary Society Holds Open Session.he Literary Society of the ParisHigh School held the last open sessionof the year in the High School Auditorium Friday evening. A large number of patrons and friends of theschool attended and the program wasthoroughly enjoyed.Mr. Eli Freidman, president of thesociety, presided at the session and delivered the opening address. Insteadof the usual debate which has markedthe closing session of the societyheretofore, a representative of theSenior, Junior and Sophomere classesengaged in a contest for theliteraryhonors of the year.Mr. Edward Myall, representing theJunior class, took as his subject "Columbus"; Mr. Finnell Galloway, of theSeniors, "Taps," and Mr. Dennis V.Snapp, of the Sophomores, "The Mobof Yesterday." Each of the orationswere well prepared and presented.The honor went to the Junior class,the judges, Rev. E. M. Lightfoot, GeaH. Harris and D. Y. L. Farley, deciaNing in favor of JMr. Myall.The High School Glee Club rendereda number of beautiful musical numbers, and the beautifully illustratedpoem, "That Old Sweetheart of Mine,"with Mr. Barnett as erader, and aschool paper by Mr. Wayne Cottingham, occupied a prominent place onthe program.MATRIMONIAL NOTESY ANDREWS-PRATHER.Mr. Benjamin Prather and MissLilian Andrews, a young couple fromNicholas county, were married Thursday evening, at 6 o'clock, at the Windsor Hotel, by the Rev. J. S. Sims, ofthe Methodist Church.FEEBACK-MARTIN.The marriage of Miss Lillie MaeFeeback to Mr. R. M. Martin wasquietly solemnized last Wednesdayevening at the hoine of the bride'smother, Mrs. Salie Feeback, onTwelfth street, ty Rev. W. E, Ellis, ofthe Christian Church. The bride is apretty and attractive young woman,while the groom is an industrious andworthy young man in the employ ofthe Templin Lumber Co.ENGAGEMENT ANNOUNCED.Mrs. J. F. Kennedy gave a beautifulluncheon Saturday at her home inLexington to announce the engagement of her daughter, Sara Talbott,to Mr. Jesse Fjthian Kennedy, of Lexington, formerly tf htis city. Thewedding is to be one of the lovelyevents of June. The bride-elect is theonly daughter of the home. She isbright and charming and much lovedand admired. Mr. Kennedy is a youngarchitect in business with Mr. E. L.Stamler and is popular with all whoknow him both in social and businesslife. He is a nephew of Dr. F. P.Campbell of this city.ENGAGEMENT ANNOUNCED.Mrs. Bessie Long Finnell, of Georgetown, announces the engagement ofher daughter, Miss Lois Finnell, toMr. Fayette Ardery of this city. Thenuptials will occur in June and willunite two of the prominent familiesof Central Kentucky.Miss Finnell is one of the most admired and most deservedly populargirls in this county, combining alovely face and a striking personality.She is unusually gifted, being? quitean artist as well as a singer and elocutionist. Mr. Ardery is associated with theDeposit Bank in this city. He is agraduate of Georgetown College ofthe class of '09. The engagement willcome as a pleasant bit of news tomany friends over the State.Engagement Announced.The following announcementshave been issued: will be of interestto the many friends of the bride-electin this city: Mr. and Mrs. JosephHenry Croxton announcement the engagement of their daughter, Clay Wornall, to Mr. Hayden Clement, of Salisbury, N. C.Miss Croxtpn, who is a social favorite in Winchester, is well-known inthis city, where she has frequentlyvisited.Owing to the recent death of Mr.Clement's mather, the wedding will bequietly solemnized at the home of thebride's parents, June 25.Rubber Glove Special.Rubber Gloves this week at the special price of 69 centsVARDEN & SON.DEATHS AND FUNERALSBRYANMrs. Mary Offutt Bryan, one ofthe wealthiest and most prominentwomen in Scott county, died at herhome there. Mrs. Bryan was seventyeight years old and died from a paralytic stroke sustained about a weekago.CRAIGMYLE.William G. Craigmyle, aged 79years, jailer of Harrison County, diedat his home in Cynthiana, Thursday,from the effects of a stroke of paralysis which' he suffered about fourmonths ago. He was born in Harrison County, December 28, 1834. Heis survived by his wife and threegrown children Hugh, of Lexington, formerly of this city, Garrard, ofRyland, and Miss Nellie Craigmyle,of Cynthiana. The funeral serviceswere held at the Cynthiana BaptistChurch Saturday afternoon, and theremains were interred in the BattleGrove Cemetery.BIRTHS.Born, Tuesday, May 6, to the wifeof Mr. Oscar Cabaler, on Fifteenthstreet, a daughter third born.$For Summer Wear.Men's, women's and children's lowshoes in tans and patent leather. Justthe thing for these warm days. TheNettleton and Hanan makes for mencan't be beat the world over. We canfit you in any size.6tf GEO. McWILLIAMS.The Shoe Man.Notice to Home Builders.Rosedale Addition located on Cypress street, one of the highest andbest located additions in the city, hasbeen platted into building lots, a salewill be held on Wednesday afternoon,May 14, at 2 o'clock. Sidewalks, sewers and sha'de trees make the locationmore desirable or the prospectivehome builders. Remember the date,attend and get a chance on the fiftydollars in gold to be given away free.Bourbon College Closed.A case of scarlet fever which developed at the Bourbon Female College a few days ago has been thecause of closing the institution for thepresent term, which is near at end.Miss LucyMarston, of Monterey, Ky.,a pupilSaJthe institution, was strickenwith the disease, and rather thanjeopardize the health of the fortyboarding pupils, and upon the adviseof physicians, it was considered thebest plan to close the school. All ofthe entertainments, recitals, and commencement exercises, which havebeen arranged at the close of theterm, have been declared off. and thepupils have been dismissed, all ofcuciii ictuiumg lu Lueir nomes.OLD FIRE HORSEPasses toReward After YearsJnDepartment.fc-Thomas, for years the',John W.pride of the fire department, a pieceof horseflesh as good as any that everhad the lines pulled over them, is nomore. Burdened with the weight oftwenty-eight years, a few days ago he"cashed in his checks."John, as he was called for short, wasbought for the department when thelate John W. Thomas was a memberof the council and for him the animalwas named. For years he was thestable mate of hte lamented Grover,a big sorrell, who hauled the hosewagon and fire laddies to the scene ofinnumerable fires. Long after Groverwas retired John h.eld a place in thedepartment. He drew the ladder truckuntil new apparatus replaced it, whenyounger animals were brought intoservice, and' when his old time speedbegan to wane, he was taken from hisold quarters in the engine house tothe stables in the quarry lot.Then the most painful event in hiscareer occurred. He must earn hisfeed and consequently he was given aplace between the shafts of a lightroad wagon used in street cleaning.The glory of his past soon faded andhe was regarded as nothing more orless than a common work horse. Butthose who knew John differed in theopinion. Intelligence was marked inevery line of his coal black head, andnever for once did he forget the soundof the fire gong.As well as John performed hisduties in the department so well didhe acquit himself in his lowly position.Never faltering, he performed histasks until the weight of years andtoil told heavily upon the equine oncethe pride of every man, woman andchild in the village.His usefulness passed, forgotten bythe children who would rub his velvetlike nose and feed him loaf sugar atevery opportunity, humiliated at being reduced to rank, and perhapsbroken hearted, John was sent o afarm at the edge of town to spend.his declining days. A short time afterwards he became ill and it was onlya few days later that he departed thislife. If there is a horse heaven Johnis surely now in the golden realm,singing the glad songs with theaifgels.A Sanitary Location.A sanitary location is the greatestdesire of the home builder. RosedaleAddition is equipped with a sewersystem that makes the home sitesmore desirable than any offered inthis city in recent years. Concretewalks and beautiful shade trees greatly beautifies the locality. Attend thesale of Rosedale lots on WednesdayMay 14, at 2 o'clock and buy a homesite. Fifty dollars in gold given awayfree on the day of the sale.County Clerks Not Entitled to Pay.County Court Clerks are not entitledto collect for statistical work in theyu recapitulation sneeis, ana tneirA work this year is paid for under theold, instead of the 1912 act, accordingto Assistant Attorney General M. M.Logan, in an opinion given AssistantState Auditor G. B. Likens. They havebeen receiving two cents a line. The1912 act fixes their compensation atfive cents a line, but it is held thatthe application of the 1912 act nowwould increase the compensation ofthe clerks during their term of office,which is unconstitutional. Clerkselected next November and thereafterwill receive their compensation underthe 1912 act.Underwood Bill Passes House.The Underwood tariff "bill, proclaimed by the Democratic party asthe answer to its platform pledge toreduce the tariff downward, was passed by the House late Thursday. Thevote was 281 to 139, five Democratsvoting against the bill, and two Republicans voting for it. Four Progressives supported the measure andfourteen opposed it, while one Independent Progressive joined with themajority.When Speaker Clark announced thevote in loud tones that revealed thesatisfaction in the arrival of "the dayhe long had sought," exuberant Democrats hoisted a stuffed Democraticdonkey over the heads of their colleagues in the rear of the chamber, afaint ripple of applause followed, andthe gavel fell on the first chapter inthe history of President Wilson's extratra session of Congress.The Senate Finance Committee willstudy the bill,' while the House Waysand Means Committee will organizecommittees preparatory to the transaction of further business next month.See The Lebus Races Tomorrow.The races just as they happened at'Hinata" tomorrow at the Columbia.WANTED IN ARKANSASNegro Alleged to Have Killed SheriffArrested Here.Upon a telegram received by SheriffA. S. Thompson from S. C. Hooten,Sheriff at Tyoroza, Ark., Ben Vinson,colored, was arrested at Shawhan yesterday afternoon by Deputy Sheriff J.O. Marshall and is now in the Parisjail, awaiting the arrival of the Arkansas officials.The negro was in the employ of theGrade Construction Co., which has under construction a large section of thedouble track of the Louisville & Nashville railroad between this city andCincinnati. He submitted to arrestvery quietly but would not discuss thematter further than that he was notthe man wanted by the Arkansas officials. The telegram received by SheriffThompson gave no details of the alleged killing, and contained only a de-lscription of the man wanted. DeputyMarshall was sent to Shawhan at onceand found the negro engaged at work.After the capture Sheriff Thompsonsent a telegram to Sheriff Hooten, informing him that the negro was under arrest an idaotdsveenhwooh nder arrest and to advise wb,en to ex-Ipect an official from-that State, "" r-' iSCHOOL ENTERTAINMENTProgram to be Produced ThursdayNight' Will Be Enjoyable.What promises to be the most enjoyable entertainment of the seasoiwill be given at the High School Auditorium Thursday evening, May 15, at8 o'clock. All grades below the Eighthcontribute one or more numbers tothe program, and a cordial invitationis extended everyone to attend. Anadmission fee of 15 cents for adultsand 10 cents for children will becharged. The program is as follows:PROGRAM.Overture High School Band.Song, "Beautiful Birds" Pupils ofV and VI Grades.Recitation, "Seeing Things" Russell Horton, of Grade II-B.Recitation, "The Second Hand Boy"'-Keller Larkin, of Grade II-A.Dialogue and Song, "The Sun Fairies" Pupils of Grade III-B.Recitation, "My Shadow" ElginFarris, Grade I-C.Illustrated Song, "The Three Bears"Bourbon Roebuck, of Grade I-B.Recitation, "The Raindrop's Ride"Jack Johnson, Jr.', of Grade I-A.Dialogue, "Peach Pie" Pupils ofGrade III-B.Song, "The Old Flag Never Touchedthe Ground, Boys" By Prof. C. P.Lancaster and IV and V Grade Boys.Recitation, "My Brother Bob"Janie James, of Grade VI-A.Dramitization of "Henny Penny"Pupils of Grade III-A.Recitation, "Boys' Rights" NorbertFriedman, of Grade IV-A.Dialogue, "The Two Voices" Pupilsof Grade V-B.Pantomine, "The Days of the Week"Pupils of Grade IV-B. 'Song Glee Club.Dialogue, "It is Easier to Preachthan to Practice" Pupils of GradeV-A.Music High School Band..- Rubbej- Glove Special.V" iiuuuw wuca liiio ween, ui iuc spe-56ial price of 69 cents.VARDEN & SON.Will Continue in Plumbing Business.Mr. J. W. Fowler, who recently soldhis tin business to Mr. C. T. Fitemaster, has reserved his plumbingbusiness and will continue in this lineof work at his shop on Pleasant street.ItGraduating Gifts.We have a beautiful selection, ofgraduating gifts, such as books, fancypicture frames, etc. ComeMn and lookthem over.6tf PARIS BOOK STORE.Good Building Lots.Good building lots in Paris are at apremium, but the desirable locationsin Rosedale Addition can be obtainedat your own price. Do not overlookthis opportunity to secure a site thatwill increase in value to the homebuilder or investor. The sale of lotsin Rosedale Addition will be held onWednesday afternoon, May 14, at 2o'clock. Fifty dollars in gold to begiven away absolutely free. Be sureto attend.Rubber Glove Special.Rubber Gloves this week at the special price of 69 cents. "VARDEN & SON.Frost Tonight.The cool spell for the past few dayshas caused our weather prophets tothink we would have frost, but we allknow that this is only temporary andhot weather will soon be upon us inearnest, so you had better see theParis Gas & Electric Co. about thatGas Range, when you are ready tocook, turn a handle, apply a match,and instantly you have as much or little heat as you want. Other hot weather necessities are Electric Lights,Electris Irons, Electric Fans no heat,no smoke, no danger.-.You see him now going bymaybe you didn't see him whenJJJ 1 TPEflflr A&bank, DEPOSITING what he could do without. WATGy- vING HISiBALANGE GROW until'finally he had money';"enough to grasp a business opportunity was the beginning of ;his FORTUNE. - :-fMake OUR bank YOUR bank. '-We pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.Capital, $100,000.00J. M. HALL,President.VfcAST PILGRIMAQiIbf Old "Confeds" Will Be HadtoLookout This Month... :Perhaps the last pilgrimage , they ,will make as a body to the famousbattle ground of Lookout Mountain,Chickamauga and Mission Ridge willbe the 1913 Reunion of the UnitedChattanooga may suitably care for the:railroads of the Southeastern Passenger Association have made a thirtyday rate of a cent a mile. The WarDepartment has loaned the requisitenumber of teiits and cots in order thatChattanoogo"may suitably care for the15,000 Veterans who .are expected toattend, and who will be lodged and.fed free of all cost..The United Sons of Veterans wilLhold their reunion at the same place,.May 27-29. . They will bring with them,the usual bevy of beautiful Southern,women as sponsers, maids of honorand chaperones, all of whom will belavishly entertained by the citizens,of Chattanooga.Enthusiasm and interest never ran.so high in the South over the annualreunion of the battle-scared veterans,whose spectacular parade at Chattanooga is expected to be viewed byover one hundred thousand visitors' idthat city of like population.For Sale.Camping outfit, complete in every '-$,detail.Will sell cheap. Apply toJ. T. MATTOX,Paris, Ky.13-3tBright Brass.A great time and labor saver, "rkeeping brass, copper and other metals bright and shining, either indoofVor outdoors, in any kind of weatheris to clean and scour in the usual way,,and give them a coat of negative varnish, to be obtained at a store. Manyornaments which lack luster are alsoimproved by one application.Spring Opening.New Iceberg Refrigerators.A. F. WHEELER & CO.,tf Opp. Court House, ParisRooster Lays Eggs.Mrs. Henry Bunger, of West Point,.Ky., owns the only egg-laying Leghorn rooster. The bird was added toher flock this spring and has a beau- .tiful large red comb and a greatplumy tail and all the marks of a.pure-bred Leghorn rooster. . MrsBunger noticed that the rooster wouldsit upon the nest and when in the?yard cackle ike a hen.A few days ago Mrs. Bunger foundthe rooster sitting upon a China nestegg and drove Kim off. No otherfowls were about and directly therooster went back on the nest, when.Mrs. Bunger again drove him off andwas astonished to find a warm, moist,.freshly-la;d egg beside the China egg.The rooster crowed and cackled justas is usual with hens after laying- ,WANTED -Drivers Cincinnati Transfer Co.,.stables Water and Plum Streets. Thirteen-fifty per week. Steadv employment, hauling freight from one depoCto another.THE CINCINNATI TRANSFER CO6-3tWanted to BuyAbout fifty stock hogs, weight 50to 100 pounds.13-3t I. D. THOMPSON.NOTICE.Everybody having clothes on sale-,with me'will please call and getvtherrat once, as I have decided to stoD selling. NANNIE WATTS,129 Eighth Street.THOSE WHO ENJOY LIFE'SLUXURIES NOWARE THOSE WHO DEPRIVEDTHEMSELVES OF THEFOOLISH LITTLETHINGS ANDPUT THEIRMONEYINTHEBANKsfllHIIKflffftin his car, living in ease: but-he was quietly going- to ' theSurplus, $40,000.00.2C. K. THOMAS. CtisHJER.'I ll... tf& 2-'W.&'-&3.':- ft3 -fSV--4 f-'2Vr$ ,-KrJT- -'a4 ---fc1 r r-mr WSNT 1THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,' KENTUCKY, MAP -13, 1913.M.2rXyesa-ill; BOURBON NEWS.1" ALWAYS HAS mC PrTTHE RIGHT KINDFurniture and PorchShades, Porch andLawn Swings, Refrigerators and Wall Paper at the right pricesland the right kind ofgoods. Save youmoney.J.T. HIINTON.Soft Summer ShirtsWith French turn back cuffs, softcollars to match, easily laundered atOiome, ?1.50 S& ?2.50.WJ. W. DAVIS & CO.Take Temple Degree..Messrs. Bruce Miller and LutherAshcraft were last night given theTemple Degree in Coeur de Lion Commandery No. 26.Wool Wanted.Plenty of sacks. Highest marketprice paid.CAYWOOD & McCLINTOCK,E. T. Phone y22, Paris, Ky.Omay-tfYou Will Be Pleased.-Get shoe satisfaction by trading attf FELD'S.Farmer Hangs Himself.The lifeless body of Charles Green,a farmer of White Sulphur, Scottcounty, was foun& by his wife hanging to a tier in the stable. He had appeared in perfect health and spiritsxrheii he left the house.Plants of All Kinds.Plants of all kinds, tomato, sweetpotato, cabbage, etc. They are finehealthy plants and will grow. Phonein your order early.S-2t JOHN SAUER.Examining Trial Postponed.- The examining trial of Frank Johnson, colored, charged with the murderof Orville Fisher, a negro, in RuddlesMills about a week ago, which wasset for Friday, was postponed untiltoday.Straw Hat Time.We're ready with the verybeststyles and shapes, 2 to ?5.J. W. DAVIS & COMoves to Summer Quarters.The Chippewa Club has moved totheir summer -quarters on StonerCreek, and the members are enjoyingthe pleasures of camp life. At present the Club has seven row boats anda gasoline launch at its landing, threenew boats arriving yesterday.Blue Serge Days.If you can use only one suit thisvcial values this week at 315, $20 and"'season, maKe it a Jiiue -aerge. , optr'$25.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Rubber Glove Special.Rubber Gloves this week at the special price of 69 cents.VARDEN & SON.'Residence Damaged by Fire.A spark from the kitchen -chimney Jalighting on the shingle root set nreto the residence of Mr. H. Clay Hutch'craft, on South Main street, Saturdayafternoon about one o'clock. The roofof the kitchen was considerably damaged, but the fire was extinguished before the arrival of the department.Rre, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.The LatestA beautiful line of the swellest Bulgarian four-in-hand ties you ever saw.They are the vjery latest. Stop in andselect one.- 9-2t HIGGINS & FLANAGAN,Convicted for Murder.Mattie Rogers, colored, indicted by, MJnhAioB rniintv Pnnrt inrv lastWednesday, was convicted in theCounty Court at Carlisle.The case was called for trial inthe Nicholas court Friday, and thejury returned a verdict of guilty.The verdict carries with it a sentence of two to twenty years in thepenitentiary.' "Hinata", Party Tomorrow.A picture of all the guests at the'Lebus party tomorrow at the Columbia. Cakes! Cakes!!Our ten cent cakes are fineTryone.C. P. COOK & CO.($ Advisory Board Appointed.'An Advisory Board for the W. W.Massie Memorial Hospital has beenappointed by the Board of Control.This Board is composed of one representative of ejsfch religious denomination in the city and is as follows:Mrs. E. F. Clay, Mrs. W. O. Hinton,Mrs.-John Connell, Mrs. Robert Goggin, Mrs. Laura Wiggins, Mrs. I. L.Price and Miss Mary Spears.Fine Stationery.New shipment of Crane's fine stationery in the latest style note paper,envelopes, correspondence cards, birth"announcements, etc.Gtf PARIS BOOK STORE."Hinata" -Pictures Wednesday.Reproduction of the "Hinata" racesat the XHus party, on tomorrow ata 'the Columbia. - Vi iSOCIAL HDD PERSONALMr. P.1 M. Heller svas a visitdr inGincinnati Sunday. IMr. Ed. Faulconer was a visitor in.Cincinnati Friday. 'Mr. Charles Mitchell is able to beout after several days illness.Mr. B. F. Adcock, of Winchester,was a visitor in Paris yesterday.Mrs. Rufus Lyle, of Winchester,is the guest of Mrs. C. O. Hinton.Mrs. Woodford Spears hasissuedinvitations to a reception on Tuesday,May 22.Mrs. Pope, of Eminence, is theguest of her brother, Elder W.E.Ellis,on Twelfth street.Mr. Henry Butler, who has beencritically ill for the past few weeks,does not improve.Mrs. W. 0. Hinton has gone toLouisville to visit her mother, Mrs.Nannie Freeman.Miss Grace Haskins, stenographerfor Judge Denis Dundon, is ill at herhome in the county.Miss Charlott Philips, of Cynthiana, was h etguest Saturday of MissRuby Elder in this city.Mrs. John Stuart has gone to St.JoseDh's HosDital. Lexington, for-treatment for stomach trouble.Mrs. Lavinia Ricketts, of Madison, Wis., is visitjng her sister, Mrs.Emily Parker and Mrs. Sallie Pullen.Messrs. Woosley and Dix, representing the Kentucky Y. M. C. A.,were in the city Friday and Saturday.Mr. and Mrs. Hume Payne andchildren and Mrs. Eddie Spears Hinton were visitors in Winchester Friday. (Mrs. Henry Craig, of Georgetown,wasthe guest last week of hor parents," "Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Davis, in thiscity:Mrs. Withers Davis and littledaughter, Anne Jouett, are the guestsof Mr. and Mrs. E. S. Jouett, in Louisville. Mrs. Frank P. Webb is at the bedside of her father, Mr. Burns, who isseriously ill at his home in Nepton,Kentucky.The conditition of Mr. HarryParker, who is ill at the home of hismother, Mrs. Emily Parker, shows noimprovement.Mrs. Edna Anderson, of Kansasis a guest of Mrs. R. J. Neely. Mrs.Anderson is also a cousin of Mr.George W. Davis.Mrs. Thomas Tarr and her guest,Mrs. Lev Benton, of Cynthiana, wereguests Friday of Mrs. James StoneHelm, near Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Anderson, whohave been to New Orleans and otherpoints South for several weeks, returned home Saturday night.Mrs.Lev Benton, who has beenthe guest of Mrs. Thompson Tarr atlire uorae near this city, returned onr riday afternoon to her home in Cyntlnana. Mrs. John Willie Jones has returned to her home in North Middletown after a visit of several days tothe family of her father, Mr. B. F.Bridges, near Georgetown,Messrs. James Dodge and JamesWoodford and Misses Mary FithianHutchcraft, Mary Woodford and Elizabeth Embry composed a party thatmotored to Louisville Saturday to attend the Derby. They remained overSunday.Mr. Lucien Buck visited his mother, Mrs. Evelyn P. Buck, a few daysago, en route from Greenville, Miss.,to Rochester, N. Y., where he will accept the position of engineer with theEastman Kodak Company. Mrs. Buckwill arrive- next week to remain ashort time before joining Mr. Buck.Among those from this city whowere in Louisville Saturday to see theDerby were, Messrs. Rudolph Davis,Robert Frank, Charlton Clay, J. Q.Ward and W. R. Hukill; Mr. and Mrs.James Thompson and Miss Kate Alexander were members of the party ofMr. and Mfs. Clarence Lebus, of Lexington, who entertained a number offriends.Invitations have been issued asj follows: The Senior Class of the Mil-lersburg Military Institute requestsyour presence at their CommencementI Exercises Tues day morning, June thethird, 1913, M. M. I. Drill Hall.Class Roll Joseph Raymond Booth, (Lawience Condit Brewer, EdwardSouthgate Chandler, Albert Berry"RnrJip.nft. .Tamps TCmhrv TiOwe. fifiorire 1Richard Huffman. John Harvey Let-ton, James Lackey, Harold Oldham,Harry Donelson Rice, John DavidCALENDAR iSaturday, May 31, 8.00 p. m. Playby Cadets, "The Colonial Maid." j.Sunday, June 1, 10.30 a. m. Bac-calaureate Sermon by Rev. Levi Gil-ibert, D. D., Cincinnati.Monday, June 2, 9.00 a. m. Ex-(hibition and Competitive Drill. -sMonday, June 2," 2.30 p. m. BallGame.Monday, June 2, 8.00 p. m. Minstrelby Ex-Cadets. rTuesday, June"1J, 10.00 a. m. Graduation and Anniversary Exercises, Address to Graduates by Prof. J. G.Crabbe, Ph. D., Richmond.Tuesday, June 3, 2.30 p. m. BallGame, Ex-Cadets, Married vs. SingleMen.Tuesday, June 3, 9.00 p. m. FlowerCotillion.Mrs. Robert Ferguson vv s hostessto the Ant-don Eiidge Club and a t'e'invited friends at her lovely countyhome near this city Friday afternoon.Spring flowers were used tastefully ;nthe decorations and a tempting sahvdluncheon was served the guests at Co'clock. There were four tables olplayers and two prizes -eie given.The Club prize, a Rookwiov vaso.was s..rrdedlo Miss Rachel WiggJns,and the guests jrize, a centerpiece,a;is Wen. to Sl'R. George S Hamilton. The guests fcf this d'ghtfuli putty v cie Mrs: Iltniy Herndou'Aandj W,iw ie .Ford Offutt, of GeorsetowgjMrs. (.'icige S. Hiruiljton, Tj Rivers,Wis.; IV. is. Voliy eiguso'i, Mr.-..William B. Ardety, Mrs. WiU-Jtin J'ergiKsoii, Vis. Ray Taylor, Mrs. EdwardPricharcJ, Mrs. WiUe Varden, MissesRat li . 1 Wiggins, JUizabetb Steele,Maiy fothian .'iutchcraft, Carci.niU.-sebe i and Marti a Fergiu-or-.Mr. Thomas Walker and Mr.Charlton Clay will go to LouisvilleSaturday.Mr. George W. Clay left Satur-jday afternoon for Dallas, Texas, toattend the thirty-ninth annual meeting, Imperial Council, Ancient ArabicOrder of the Nobles of the MysticShrine, which convened in that citySunday, and continues through thisweek. sDies at Lexington Hospital.Mr. S. Bv Turner, of Millersburg,aged 50 years, died yesterday eveningabout8!w o'clock at the Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington, where hehas been under treatment for the past.two weeks for typhoid fever. He hadbeen ill about a month.Mr. Turner, who for the past -woyears has been in the employ of Mr.W. D. Mclntyre, as a trainer of fancyhorses, located in Millersburg sevenyears ago. For live years he was engaged with Mr. S. -B. Carpenter.He is survived by his wife, motherand one sister, the latter two ofSharpsburg, where the remains willhp. takpn for burial from LexinetonTthis morning.Hearing Evidence in Harp Case Resumed. The hearing of evidence was resumed Friday in the Fayette CircuitCourt in the Harp and Hughes damage suits against the Louisville &Nashville Railroad Company, following the decision of the court, in whichJudge Kerr overruled a motion forperemptory instructions to find forthe defendant. Testimony for thedefence was then entered upon.Judge Kerr adjourned the trial ofthe case until yesterday morning.The suits, four in number, involvedamages in the aggregate sum of$90,000 for the death of. Mrs. FannieC. Harp, her two children, Ruth Harpand William H. Harp, and her sister,Miss Lena I. Hughes, which occurredon the afternoon of November 2, andthe Houston & Antioch pike, nil912,at the crossing of the railroad, Bourbon County.Fraternal Brotherhood Festival.A week of fun -began last night.The Fraternal Brotherhod will give aSpring Festival for one week, commencing! May 12, and have engagedthe world famous Todd and SonsUnited Shows to furnish all their attractions. The shows arrived hereSunday night in their own specialtrain direct from Lexington, wherethey have exhibited for the last twoweeks under the auspices of the LoyalOrder of Moose, to the largest business ever done by any street fair inLexington. The free acts are headedby the world famous "Dare Devil Meyers," who makes his death defyingleap for life from the dizzy heightof 150 feet in the air. Another bigfeature is the balloon ascension andparachute drop every afternoon byProf. Guy Stilwell. The big featureof the shows are Chas. Perry's DandyDixie Minstrels, 30 in number, whohave made thousands laugh in Lexington the past two weeks as they havenever laughed before. This mammothshow is housed under the largest tented theatre ever, here and has a seating capacity of 700 people at eachperformance. The mammoth newstyle overhead transmission merry-go-roundand the largest Ferris wheel,sixty feet highare but a few of themany features of this highly recommended organization.Wanted.A man who can furnish team andis desirous of building up a businessfor himself selling our complete lineof Medicines. Spices, Extracts, Soaps,Perfumes, Toilet Articles, Stock andPoultry Preparations through Bourbonand adjoining counties by wagon.Pleasant work, good wages. Address THE AMERICAN REMEDY CO.,8-3t ' Tiffin. O.1 ejt. -4Beautiful Lots in Rosedale.The lots in Rosedale Addition arethe kind that will be just the likingof the people. This addition locatedon Cypress street is the first to beopened inthe.city with sewers, grading, shadefaes and sidewalks, etc.This sale willBe held on Wednesdayafternoon, May 14, at 2 o'clock. Fiftydollars in gold will be given away inprizes on the day of this sale.GIVE AKODAKmntencemsnt.No present will be moreappreciated or'-useful to theyoung graduate.We have a full line ofKodaks from $5.00 to $20.00;Brownie, Cameras, $1.00 to$12.00.Catalog upon request.DAUGHERTYBROS.rJ. TiI' r; J: ;1 3m iJ. T. HINT0NWood Mantels.IVi4.-1.IFor Commencement.WE HAVE THE NEWEST INWhite Materials, such as Voiles, Crepe Vpiles,Mulls, &c, &c.Embroidered Flouncings and Banns to match.Laces in narrow, as well as the 27-inch and 45-inch 'widths. sWhite Charmense in Plain and Brocade.All the accessories to make the commencement andSummer Outfit Complete.Our Stock of Trimmings is Enormous.We CangW. Ed.Tlad Pla.ce to Ptirclia.se; Your Jevelry isTlae House of Quality5Up-tb-Date Good In Sterling Silver and Gold.((SHIRK &Cast Uenn. 2SSKINT0NI! MMi Jiff If 4 1 TlTlW rrmiWl jMiQUALITYTells the WholeSfcoryPrice Without QualityMeans Nothing . .INMAN BED ROOM FURNITURECouples PRICE with QUALITY andgives you the very best values obtainable for the money you invest. Porwhen you buy this kind of Furnitureit is an investment. Every piece isguaranteed. We carry a full line in allwoods.SAVES YOU MONEYU nder takingt, -:Please You.-hTuckerIVX;FITHIAN.Xtome730.mf&'.KNAmbulancej1rrft?, $ -x M-Jwgy - -j'IMPERFECT IN ORIGINALtf':T"Vm mi t8' qfflrvWW!Li!THE BOTJRBON NEWS, PARIS, KY MAY 13, 1913I,Mi ftWfayHe Was late., "What made ou so late?",4I Bt Smithson.""Well, that is no reason why youshould be an hour late getting hometo supper.""J know, but I asked him how hewas feeling, and he insisted on telling:sae about his stomach trouble.""Did you tell him to take Chamberlain's Tablets.""Sure, thatis what he needs." Soldby all dealers.4 Per Cent InterestPaicJ On TimeDepositsYour Deposits'Are Guaranteed; YOU TAKE NO RISKSIf You Are InterestedWrite UsUNION STATE BANKMuskogee, OklahomaO. Capital $100,000Fully PaidtypewritersRebuilt CiHc new!Remington 6, $23Smith Premier 2, $23Remington 10, $40(Latest Model)Smith Premier 10, $40(Latest Model)Monarch, $40, Underwood 4, $40Underwood 5,$45Oliver 3, $40- Oliver 5, $50L C. Smith & Bro., $35We Handle Carbon Paper Ribbons forall Makes.We Repair Typewriters.We have the Largest Stock in theU. S.The Joseph Candioto Co.149-151 N. BroadwayLexington, KentuckyIf You Want to Pat in WaterWorks in Your HouseOr Barn, or Bathroom Fixtures orFurnace, or Tin, Shingles or MetalJEtoofing, and all kinds of Tin Work,Guttering, Pipss, Filters, Water Tanks,Pipping Tanks, Sewerage Pipe andClay Flues. Concrete Work a Specialty. Give us a call.We also handle the American Field"Wite Fencing, and the best line ofCook Stoves, Oil Stoves and Heaterson the market, and all kinds of Hardware, Farming Tools, Grates andMantels, Screen Doors, Poultry Supplies, Harness of all kinds, the W. J.Oliver Plow, the best Plow on themarket. Horse Clippers, Cement,Xime, Paint and Oils.We buy the very best goods obtainable, and our prices are right.BEST & HAWKINS,4mar3mo MillersburgJKy.March Gras FNEW ORLEANS and MOBILEJanuary 28 February 3LOW ROUND TRIP FARESTickets on Sale January 28, 29, 30, 31, February 1, 2, 3;Return Limit to reach original starting point not later than February14, with extension of limit to March 3, 1913, on payment of $1.00.FULL STOP-OVER PRIVILEGES.Fer details call on any Ticket Agent, Queen & Crescent Route, or apply toH. C.KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent, 101 E. Main Street, Lexington, Ky.We're Now Showing Our FunjLine ofSPRINGIn the CelebratedSchloss Bros. & Co.High-Class Men's Suits.They Represent the New NorfoIks,'the New English. Cutfc and the Conservative Models, all Beautifully: Tailored. Pricesjrangingjfrom $15 to $35JUST I3NFtOur complete line of EmersonStetson HatsTWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEPT.L Wollstein,-5.A WOMAN'S yORKsometimes reduces her strength to thedepths of weakness her devotion tohousehold cares prevents sufficientrest and recreation. Thousands ofwomen in this condition find Scott'sEmulsion exactly what they, need; itis predigested body-food so medicallyperfected that every drop yields directreturns in strengthening the organsand tissues and in making healthy,life-sustaining blood. Scott's Emulsionis devoid of alcohol or any harmfuldrugs, and overcomes tiredness andnervousness in a marvelous way.Schange'sCandy Kitcken,119 S. Upper,LEXINGTON, KY.FOR SALEResidence Property on WalkerAvenue. Adjoining BourbonCollege,hood.Splendid Neighbor9SBeautiful two Etory fframe house ofeight rooms, four halls, bath, pantrv,etc. Large corner lot, 60x212 feet.Good stable and all necessary outbuildings. Some fruit.Will be sold worth the money. Possession at once. Look this over.S. E. BORLAND,11 tf Paris, Ky.Special Rates & Excursions.Eucursion to Cincinnati, Ohio,and returnSunday, may lotft$1.50 ROUND TRIPThis train leaves Paris at 7:50 a.m., arriving Cincinnati 10:30 a.fm., returning leaves Fourth St.station, Cincinnati, at 7 p. m.Tickets good on special trainonly.Low round-trip Summer Tourist tickets to all Summer resortsin the North and Northwest onsale May 15 to Sept. 30. Finallimit date 31, 1913, with liberalstop-over privileges.For further information, callon or address.W. H, HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, T. A.it$fDavis !IU Insurance AgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::3iggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137UNR0LIGESTMTYIMODELS!ShoesHawes Van Gal Hats,Lion ShirtsPropri' or..AiROKieMost Prompt and Effectual Curefor Bad Colds.When you have a bad cold youwant a remedy that will not onlygive relief, but effect a prompt andpermanent cure, a remedy that iopleasant to take, a remedy that-'con-tainsnothing injurous. Chamberlain's Cough Remedy meets all theserequirements. It acts on nature'splan, relieves the lungs, aids expectoration, opens the recretions andrestoros the system to a healthy condition. This remedy has a world widesale and' use, and can always be depend upon. Sold by all dealers.Jealous.First Satanic Imp "Who's thelatest arrival? He's making quite ahit." Second Satanic Imp "Traveling salesman, I guess. Old Rabelaisand Munchausen are sore as pupsover something." Puck.Flagged Train With Shirt.Tearing his shirfc from his back anOhio man flagged a train and saved itfrom a wreck, bub H. T. Alston, Raleigh, N. C, once prevented a wreckwith Biectrict Bitters. "I was in aterrible plighb when I began to usethem,'' he writes, "my stomach,head, back and kidneys were all badly affected and my liver was in badcondition, but four botbles of ElecbricBitteis made me Ml like anew man."A trial will convince you of theirmatchless merit for any stomach,liver or kidney trouble. Price 50c atOberdorfer's.Strength of Human Muscles.The total strength of all the musclesIn the body of a strong man can be estimated at about 10,000-pounds. Apartfrom the voluntary muscles, whichnumber over 500, there are infinite involuntary ones which are even toogreat to attempt to estimate.L. 4 N. Excursions.The Louisville and Nashville willopreate its first Natural Bridge excursion of the seasion on Sundav, May 25,and will run them every other Sundayalter that date. After May 25 excursions will come into Cincinnati everySunday, the divisions having alternateexcursions.About of Equal Worth.The Son (proudly) I am going tohave my college diploma framed.Where would you advise me to hangit? The Father (grimly) Put it alongside that beautifully embossed miningstock certificate of mine. Puck.Insure with W. O. H in ton.Prompt . paying non - unioncompanies. tfNotice of Application ForParole.,This H to notifiy all men that the undersigned who was convicted at theMarch, 1908, term of the tSourbon Circuit Court, wil applv to the Board ofPrison Commissioners at their meetingin June for a parole.3w RICHARD BROOKS.SEASON OF 1913.Egyptian Baron 51111Trial Over 3 Track 3 SecondsSlow 2:09.Sire of Nancy Baldwin (4 2:29)4,trotted over slow track in 1912 in2:12)4; Beautiful Lady, two-year-oldtrial, 1912, 2:15, last half in 1:05;Nelson, 3-year-old trial of 2:18, lasthalf in 1:02.Sired bv Oakland Baron 2:09l4,Winner of Kentucky Futurity. Sireof Gail Hamilton 2:06X, Rhvthmic 2:06)4. Baron De Shay 2:08)Dam Egyptienne 2:18,by Mambrino King 1279.2d dam Bay Hambletonian,(dam of Egyptienne 2:18, Henrietta2:17, Fulano 2122)4) by Hambletonian 10.$25 to Insure a Living Colt.DOUGLAS THOMAS,Paris, Ky.The SanitaryShop!With ail the latest devicesinstalled in my shop tofmakeit absolutely sanitary andclean, including a PatentTowel Sterlizer, IndividualCups, Soap, etc., believe wehave the most modern shopin Paris. We have just installed a new Porcelain Tuband an up-to-date Bathroom.Hot water at all times. ThreeBarbers, all experts. Wewould like to have yourtrade. IJtake this method ofsoliciting it. Is there a reason why we should not receive it? Respectfully,Euss Gorbiflvjiyt?'NEW SWORD MODEL ADOPTEDUncle' Sam's Army to Have StraightDouble-Edged Weapon for Cuttingand ThrustingThe difference between a straightand curved sword may seem a negligible matter, but It has determined thefate of jiations. Therefore the recentadoption of a new sword model for the"United States army, a weapon straight,double-edged and designed for bothcutting and thrusting, is a matter ofmore than technical interest, morethan the hobby of officers charged notinfrequently with changing types ofweapons with little cause and muchfickleness.The new weapon, a straight-bladedsteel, was adopted after the most modern practice of European fighting nations had been carefully studied. Themounted officers and men of theUnited States army are placed onequal terms with the fighting men ofother first-rate powers. For more than'fifty years the United States has useda curved saber for its cavalrymen, aweapon praised and abused, extolledas the best for defense and offense,and ridiculed as fit only to spit baconover a slow fire.The controversy is as old as thesword itself. The world has turnedagain to the straight blade, and theUnited States is getting in line.The policy of the United States tomaintain only a small standing army,with practically no experienced reserve, was one of the determining factors in changing the shape of thearmy sword.When a rooky gets into the saddlehis impulse is to use the sword forthrusting. He thrustsinstinctively. Intime of war the United States wouldfight a large part of its land engagements with the untrained recruit. Hemust have a weapon which he canuse handily and without .too muchtraining. Later, with experience, hewill learn to cut. The straight, twoedged blade is available for, both practices; the curved steel is a cuttingweapon only.The adoption of the new model isgrounded on the experience of fighting nations of twenty centuries. Theshort sword of Rome was very early acutting weapon. But when Rome wasspreading her empire it was a thrusting weapon; it was the sharp pointof the stodgy gladius before whichthe Gallic hordes melted when attacked by Caesar's legions. Laterchain mail was invented. The pointwas ineffective. A blow with the edgemight not cut the mail, but it wouldbreak bones. Therefore the westernworld took to the edge again.ATTENDANTS KEPT ON JUMPHave to Be Real Nimble If They KeepUp With the MissesWilson.White House attendants nowadayshave to be nimble if they are going tohave the pleasure of doing "littleturns" for any of the Misses Wilson.The president's daughters have already gotten the reputation of beingmost independent young women, abundantly able to look out for themselveson all occasions and quite willing todo so. IThe other morning when the WhiteHouse automobile drew up to theUnion station carrying Miss EleanorWilson and Miss Helen WoodrowBones, the door flew open and beforeanybody could get hold of the luggage"uiv-u tut; lwu vviiiLo xiuuse 1 e&iueuLiyjwere taKing over to .Baltimore withthem, Miss Eleanor had picked up asuit case and set out for the traingate."Wait a minute, wait a minute,"called out the anxious attendant. ButMiss Eleanor did not wait any minute. She just jauntily continued herway, swinging the suit case whichdid not seem a bit of a load to the tall,slender youngest daughter of theWhite House family.Round about the White, House thesame spirit of helpfulness obtains.Everybody, from Mrs. Wilson down,knows what to do and how to do.it,and the fact that she chances to be 'amember of the White House familydoes not seem to matter much to thepresident'1! "' -" i-go alongoughly mi 4THEY TiBut ThereCali!Ben Jo-Kentucky,While heand spirittion not loinvolyed bin parlianone of theby saying:"That sfalse, andEveryone;peaceablygested thirom the r"I euggJohnson, stjwhich is ovmittee takthe gentlerDound by pmanner ofThere waduring thatRev. WilAof Alabamtered thethelightf.icepublicavotes. k r-tSalves Can t Cure Eczemat wjo-nrvt fn sbln diseases, meaicalntVirbHor nm nnw asreed on thlS:Don't imprison the disease germs inyour skin by the use of greasy suives,and thus encourase them to multiply.A true cure of all eczematous diseasescan be brought about only by usingthft heallner asrents in the form of aliquid. ,WASH THE GERMS OUT.A simple wash: A compound of Oilof "Wintergreen, Thymol, and other ingredients as combined in the D.D.D.Prescription. This penetrates to theftNearly all thoseBuggiesEvery year overStudebaker vehicles areThis tells von whatMM mmm mm - rcountry think of the Studebaker wagons.This appreciation has been constantly growing for sixty years.This appreciation has been earned by the determination of Studebaker to produce an honestly builtwagon that will do a full day's work and keep on doingit, and not to build a cheap one.The man who buys the Studebaker gets all theimprovements gained by the experience of two generations of wagon builders.Farm Wagons Trucks Delivery WagonsDump Wagons Buggies SurreysBusiness Wagons Pony Carts HarnessSold under the Studebaker guarantee.See our Dealer or write us.STUDEBAKER South Bend, IndNEW YORK CHICAGO DALLAS KANSAS CITY DENVERMINNEAPOLIS SALT LAKE CITY SAN FRANCISCO PORTLAND, ORE.N. TIME-TABLIN EFFECT MAY 4,Trsiizas ArriveNo. FROM34 Atlanta, Ga., Dai'y , 5.21 an134 Lexington. Ky., Daily 5.18amtii) Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 an7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ' ?7.38 am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.40 am40 Lexington, Ky , Daily Except Sunday ,. 7.22 am37 Cincinnati, O., Duily 9.50 an. '3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 an12 Lexington, Ky,, Daily ; 10.15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily ." .t 10.24 ana26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday : 1 , 12.00 m25 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sundaj' .. i. 3.10 vmi) Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 3.15 pinvL38 Lexington, Ky.. Daily : 3.33 pm-38 Knoxville. rc'enn.. Daily .. .. : . .3.25 pro?5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5.35 pns3i Cincinnati, O , Daily Except Sunday 5 50 pm.30 Lexington, Ky., Da'ily 6,06 Dm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 am?32 Jacksonville. Fla., Daily : 6.18 pn31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pnTrains IDe-peirtCTo.34v42940101373733133626TOCincinnati. O., Daily . :'. 5.28 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Snfmy . ...'. 5.35 amLexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.47 amCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 7.50 an:Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sundav 7.50 amLexington, Ky., Daily. 9.57 amKnoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 am-Jacksonville, Fla. , Daily '. 10.20 amLexington, Ky.. Daily 10.29 amMaysville. K... Daily ., . . .12.05 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ...tj.. 12.04 am25 Lexington. Kv. . Dailv ExceDt Sundav .1 ' Vr. . : 3.3 mw:-Mj8nciimati, O., Dailywjand, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .- 5.56 pmington, -by.. Daily Except Sunday ..f 5.58 proniiaui, kj., uauy ..ville, Ky., DailV Except Sunday 6.20 rrthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.35 pmhgton, K., Daily .10.55 didSita, Ga., Dailyb O- TIME-TAB LjEK IN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3, 1911. kTraixxs ArriveFROM -rt, Ky., Daily Except.Sundajrt, Ky., Daily Exoept Sunday'ille & Frankfort, Daily ExceptTrains X3epeirtjTOifort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday ' . . ,v. . .' 7.44 amfort, Ky . Daily Except Sunday o o nrnfort, Ky Daily Except Sun.aDANIELjeh Kentucky by CHAS. C.m .Vm yrJL bbdisease germs and destroys them, therfcsoothes and heals the skin as nothing".olen Tins ever done. IA 50 cent bottle will start the cur-and give you instant relief. t"We have made fast friends of more,than one family by recommendatinfrthis D.D.D.' Prescription to a skin sufferer here and there, and we want you:to try it now on our positive pay guarantee. D.D.D. Soap keeps the pores-clean; ask us."ha, pj Bnt,er"& SonTParisTKy..Wagons andare Siudebakers97one hundredsold.thousandthe farmers ofthe1912,r. U-r. .'- 3.4q pmo.Zd pm10.57 pm7 ds r- "3.30 pmSunday !s.50 proy 5 r 4BOON AXLE GREASEAnd don'thave to greasebut once aweek.-STOLL OIL CO. LexatfoKynVH.tmI!?'rj--fT' i"A."ft :.1iISl 'C&&,, . r ?S3!..? zaj.-S fwrJ-"'VS..-vtZi -t.r-'jr-T "v,-. s..- -Jst-z .fegC riiTHEBOURBON NEWS,; PARIS, KY., ''WW 13 19134 " i 7 . , - , , .iOF CARPETS, RUGS, MATTINGSAND LINOLEUMS.iNow for Your Spring Cleaning!9x12 Wiltana Seamless Velvet Rug, $35.G0,now r $25.009x12 Axminster Rugs, $32.00now . 1 22.SO' 9x12 Seamless Brussels Rug, $20.00,j now A I4.7S' 9x10 Crex Rugs, 12.00, - -now 9.00. Wheeler Furniture C ).Third Sis. CHAS. GRENN, Mgr, Paris, Ky.,Future of tllowstont Parff.Tellowstone park, the oldest, largest and most wonderful-national parkin the world, may become a most valuable, indeed an invaluable, mediumin preserving to future generationsthe old wild animal life of the plainsand mountains. Properly managed, itmay be the source of supply and propagation of these various animals,which otherwise would soon passaway and, fifty years hence, be knownto our posterity and to .history onlyin name and by pictured illustration.Cure for stomach Disorders.Disorders of the stomac h may beavoided by the use of Chamberlain'sTablets, Many very remarkablecures nave been effected by thesecablets, Sold by all dealers.Unfortunate Display of Learning.A candidate for parliament at anelection instead of giving the oldadage, "Truth is mighty and will prevail," in English, resorted to Latin,and said: "Magna est Veritas etprevalebit." His opponent got thelaugh on him by saying that Magnaand Veritas and other foreigners, onwhom the gentlemtn depended forsuccess, might "prevail a bit," but itwould be a mighty small bit, as theballot boxes would show. Which theydid.Health a Factor in Success.The largest factor contributing to aman's success is undoubtedly health.It has been observed that a man isseldom sick when his bowles are regular he is never well when they areconstipated. For constipation -youwill find nothing quite so good asChamberlain's Ta lets. Teey notonly move the bowles but ipmrovethe appetite and strengthen the digestion. They are sold by all dealers.Evil of Too Much Haste.In the east and in tropical countries tomorrow is made use of in anindolent way. It is for us to make useof it in a way that is scientific. Hurried legislation, rash enterprises, poorly constructed buildings superficialwork of all kinds is due to our making a sort of fetich of haste. We areoverlnirried, overburdened, overanxious. It is the broader vision of lifethat takes intov consideration tomorrow and the day after, that enables usto do, well the essential work of today.Expert Barber.Mr. Carl Crawford, a barber of 30years' experience, invites the publicto his new shop at the Windsor Hotel.Two chdirs. Prompt service. Children's work a specialty. Razors honedsatisfactorily. tfV.JA Touch of the Foot LpveiStarts the KisselKarTouch ths foot lever, that's all, everything else is automatic. The motors turns over theengine, spins it, then, with engine running, the dynamo charges the storage batteries forlighting and future starting. No chance for a failure, every time you touch the footlever the engine starts. The KisselKar electric system is reliable in all conditions of-weather, it is powerful enough to even drive the car a considerable distance, it "does notput sudden strains on the engine, it is the perfect self-starter with no drawbacks,Lamentable Ignorance.Mrs. Kaller Cooks are such ignorant things, nowadays. Mrs. JustwedAren't they? They can't do the simplest things. I asked mine to makesome sweetbreads the other day andshe said she couldn't. McCall's Magazine.Porto Rico's New Wonder.From far away Porto Rico come reports of a wonderful new discoverythat is believed will vastly benefit thepeople. Raymond T. Marchan, ofBarceloneta, writes "Dr. King's NewDicovery is doing splendid work here.It cured me about five times of terriblecoughs and colds, also my brother ofof a servere cold in his chest andmore than 20 others, who used it onmy advise. We hope this great medicine will yet be sold in every drugstore in Porto Rico." For throat andlung troubles it has no equal. A trialwill convince you of its merit. 50c and$1.00. Trial bottle free. Guaranteedby Oberdorfer.IKIissellKIoLit?W. N. BarkleyMrs. W. N. BarkleyWoman's Exchange & Cafe112 N. Upper Street,Lexington, KentuckyExtra roomy tonneaus unusually liberal wheelbase deep low seats widerange of throttle control the easiest riding car built easiest to drive fullyequipped.KisselKar Service is supplied by a national organization of specialservice centers of which this is one, consisting of a special buildmg, organizationand equipment maintained by the manufacturer to oversee and give care so Kissel- ,Kars in the hands of owners. KisselKar Service?takes kthe 'mechanical side ofmotoring off your hands, lowers running cost, 'retards decrepitation, forestalls an- ,noyances and insures fullest motoring pleasure. -"Thirty" ..$1700 9h- '''Forty" $2000 'oSf"Fifty" $2500 " v h$ 60 M. P. "Six" ,...$3150 v WfXgFully Equipped - H--For economical delivery, investigate KisselKar commercial trucks 1500 lb., 1, 2, .3, 4, 5,-tonsCall and let us explain KisselKar advantages and the valueof KisselKar service. Catalog on request. . - - V,.,,., O. R. HUKLE, ,';'"."fiiCfe -' -;,'. 513 West (fain Stre ' ;- !Ky,Hoine-made Cakes, Breads, Pies, Candies, Croquetts, Salads, Pickles, ChowChow, Ftc, received fresh daily.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Supper; also lunches and short orders at allhours with the best the market affords.(28mar6mo)1 Tl1nUnion Meat MarketP. W. SOPER, Manager185 N. Limestone. Lexinsrton. Kv.I x Telephone 1 852"Good Meats," "Right Prices"Why eat poor Meat when it injures your health, and costsyou more good money than good meat? Buy the best, eatte best, have the best of health, andJthenSyou live thebest. The best rrmv hp Tinrl hv Pnllrnrr TTvri TVToo Tr,.- - - J -. uj vwiiins j uiyjii. XUCab ATJ.CU.-I ket, Phone 1852.POPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKYSUNDAY, Jksty ISH0P AH U HHHH I KHK9 AHLRoundTripRoundTripSCENIC BEAUTY v OUTDOOR ENJOYMENT v MUSIC 'Tickets sold at GEORGETOWN good only on Special Train leading at 10.50 am.Apply to nearest Ticket Agent, Queen & Crescent Route, for further information.H. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent,101 E. Main St. Phone 49 LEXINGTON, KY.HISSlFi1 iSSi.SBNtfticel Poultry Raisers4-11-44CURESCholera, Gapes, Limberneck, Roup, Canker,.irs.vs'SZr Diarrhoea and all Diseases of PoultryMiss Katie Bryant, Barditown, Ky., says: "I havs jwed Redjw 4-1 1-44 for years aad uaakit thebtpoultry icmedy made. 1 1 cures capes and limberneck without fad.Will Coomes, Bardstown. Ky.. says: "One drop of Recipe 4-1 1 -44 dropped down the bUl pf a gapchicken kills the worm and relieves the chick instantly. Itis the best preventive I have ever used.Mfg. and Guaranteed by J. Robt. Crume, Bardstown, Ky. Price 50c at all Dn!sts.SOLD BYChas. E. Butler & Co.Woodland Stock FarmHeadquarters For Draft HorsesBURLEYBlack Percheron. Weight 1760$15.00To .InsureBURLEY is a splendid specimen ofthe draft horse and his get have proved to be of the very bes". There is asteadily growing demand for the classof horses produced by Burley, bothupon the farm and in the cities. Theycan stand more work than the aveagehorse. He is 7 years old, a beautifulblack, well formed and of the classthat catches the eye. In selecting ahorse to breed to pick one whose produce commands the best price.Dark Bay Horse, Weight 1,7000.Sired, by Imported Gitter 58803Dam by Imparted Queen 41490$15.00 Jo InsureBUSTER B. is a coming three yearold. and a young stallion of markedsize and condition. He is the kindthat will appeal to your fancy andyou will make no mistake in breedingto him.The Above Horses Will Make The Season of 1913 AtWoodland Stock Farm.About 7 miles north of Paris on the Cynthiana pikh. Money,due when coltis foaled, mare transferred or brec to other stock without my consent.' Lienretained on all colts until shason money is paid. Care taken to prevent accidents but no responsibility assumed should any occur.STERLING HINKSON, Lair, Ky.Hfe?Kv-Ailing SkinEczema, Psoriasis, Dandruff, Pimples, skin troubles of any kind WASHTHEM AWAY withD. D. D. Prescription for EczemaThis mild wash will brine you inctant relief from that awful itch.Prove it with a 5Qc bottle. We guarantee the regular $1.00 size bottle toend your distress and begin your cuterr you- money back. 1XD.D. Soaphelps, too; ask us.Chas. E. ButlerJ&XCo., Paris.Ky,REXLipa Poultry Remedy 25c"Saves the Sick"For Gape, While Di-anheoT,Roup,I,imber-neckand all Poultrydisease. No Cure NoPay, It -works whilethey roost.DPY Liquid Licercyv Killer 25c.Has no "equal" as alice, nutea-.ui germ killer. Best wash for allsores and cuts on allstock. Finest disinfec-O t"' . tflTif f!rr Tinnsf. stnhlfrdog kennel and hen house. ,BY MAIL 30cTHE REX CHEMICAL CO., Newport, Ky.SOLD BYVarden & Son, L A.lSoper, Little Rock,D. E. Clark& Co., Millersburg, Ky.tollof jnne)ffigjSM9kFor Sale.Cutting harrow in first class condition. Apply to ZZ22-tf STUART & O'BRIEN.KentuckyTraction andTerminal Co.INTERURBAN SCHEDULEper II II!cent. $1,000 to $100,000W. KING SON -125" Cheapslde, Lexington, Ky.Lve. Lexingtonfor Parisx6.00 a m7.20 a mx8.00 a m8.50 a m .10.20 a m11.50 a m1.20 p m2.50 p m3.30 p m4.20 p m5.00 p m8.00 p m I7.20 p m v9.10 p m11.00 p mx Daily Except Sunday.Lve. ParisFor Lexington.6.45 a m;x7.3tfam8.15 a mx9.00 a m9.45 a m11.15 a m12.45 p m2.15 p m3.45 pm4.30 pm5.15 pm6.00 pm6.45 pm8.15 p m10.05 p m -CONEl4lATlwr JJKVVdown the throat of a "eapey"chicken destroys the wormsand saves the chick's life. A.few drops in the drinking waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPESwhite diarrhoea, roup, choleraand other chick diseases.One 50c Bottle ofBourbonPoultryCiirQMakes 12 Gallons of Medlcime.Ever? poultry raiser should keep a bottle othis rnTdlcine on hand. Write for free saaapte2S Booklet on "Diseases of Fowls." Address.BOURBON REMEDY COHFAKY, Llritfw, Ky.For Sale by W. T. Brooks.mNEW-BARBER-SHOP!Windsor Hotel. ,Modern Equipment,Polite'Service.Everything Sanitary. l -Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDv HJ-.3A' 7 -JF -J -Ty".rvu :" V$CTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KY., MAY 13. 1913MstifIHEWS OF MILLERSeURGJohn W. Mock continues about the3a,me.All otlier exercises are free 'to thepublic.Saturday evening at 8 o'clock, the-annual concert.Friday evening, a cantata by theprimary department.Monday, 1.00 p. m., at the College.Auditorium, play by the Senior Class.Mr. George Reynolds has returned-cafter a visit to relatives at Danville.Thursday, 1.00 p. m., College Auditorium work of the Class of Expression. Mr. Healy, of Iowa, purchased quite- &. number of Jersey cows here 'duringihe 'week.Saturday morning at 10.30, AlumnaeDay, followed by the Alumnae banquet- -cat 1 o'clock.There will be a charge of 25 cents"to the cantata on Friday evening and3layMonday evening.Mr. R. Li. Wilson sold several days:ago to Mr. Hawkins, of Mt. Sterling,:a four-year-old mare for 200.Sunday, 8, p. m., Methodist Church3Iissionary address to the W. Y. C. A.ly Mrs. Spillman, of Harrodsburg.Mr. S. 8. Turner, who was ill withtyphoid fever at Good Samaritan Hospital, Lexington, is declining rapidly.Sunday 10.45 a. m., Baccaluarctesermon at the Methodist Church byJlev. S. K. Struve, of Clarksburg,.""JWet Virginia.Mr. J. G. Allen has returned after atfewdays visit to his daughter, Mrs.iT. MTAlverson, at Lawrenceburg, accompanied by Mrs. Alverson.Tuesday, 10.30 a. m., Commence-rment Exercises at College Auditorium.Xiterary address by Rev. J. D. Harris,'-of the Epworth Methodist Church atXexington.The commencement exercises of"the M. F. C. opened Thursday eveningsand Millersburg is once more in holi-1day attire. The following is the M. '3T- C. calendar:Mr. W. F. Sanders was one of the3arge class who took the Shrine decree at Lexington Thursday night. PieTvas accompanied from here by MessrsS. M, Allen and J. H. Burroughs.A meeting which was called by theCommittee of the Loose Leaf Wareliouse for lastSaturday afternoon was-called off until next Saturday on account of the funeral of Mr. J. H. Lin--ville.The meeting will be called atthree o'clock Saturday afternoon. Thecommittee has several important matters to lay before the people. Leteverybody attend.Mr. Bryant, of Lexington, has accepted his duties as local manager of'the Bourbon Home Telephone Com--pany,to succeed Mr. C. B. Bastin. Mr.Bastin has been in Millersburg since3ast fall and this system under hismanagement has given better satisfaction than at any time in the past. Mr.ana urs. Jiastm leit Monday afternoon )lor their new home at Lancaster.Mrs. O. W. TnfflflS fmtorfninorJ nnumber of her friends with a musical juJB fljHfe 4iE9flGHB"MM" &9IHHHBHHtt tff"HEfl"'HHKlff"ii flBIHfe flfe flHMHHMUMflfe fl tf"HK32"2I"5CM"bi 8 4HK2HHKMHMfe iHHH"HHHflHRIr flBflHfemA Great Assortment of Spring Footwear.The Brightest, Newest and most Up-to-Date Shoes and Oxfords for .Men, Women Iand Children atA GREAT SAVING IN PRICEThisseason's noblest creations in every conceivable style in everyleather ancTf abric. If you need Shoes you will want to see our greatselection. They will fill the bill in fit and style. Besides the prices arethe lowest.iMen's $3.50 to $4.00 valves Snoesand Oxfords, in Tan, GunMetal and Pat- fl CIOent. Special p Se 7 9Men's Comfortable Elk OutingShoes, in Tan, Greenand Black. t1Special 9 I -57 57ID-A.IQ"Thursday afternoon and a receptionFriday afternoon. On Thursday thelibrary in which the musibians werestationed was decorated with pinkcarnations. The other rooms weredecorated in big bowls of snow ballsand narcissus. The souvenirs werein the shape of banjos tied with pinkribbon, to Avhich was attached thefollowing program: Piano duet, MissesNell and Capt. Frease; vocal solo,Miss McGlasson; violin solo, MissNell; vocal solo,' Miss McGlasson;violin solo, Miss Wimberley; vocalsolo, Miss McGlasson; violin solo,Miss Nell; reading, Miss Martin; violin duet, "Home, Sweet Home," MissesNell and Wimberley. After the program delicious ice cream, strawberries, and individual cake were served.Mrs. Ingels received Friday afternoonat three o'clock. She was assisted byMrs. S. M. Allen, Millersburg; Mrs.Louis Rogers, Paris, and Mrs. JesseAlverson of Lawrenceburg. The colorscheme was pink and was nicely carried out. Brick cream and cake wereserved. There were a number ofhandsome costumes at both entertainments. The reception was of aninformal nature, all the guests beinginvited at the same hour. The various rooms of the home and verandawere untilized. The two occasionswill long be remembered by all present. Mr. J. II. Linville, who died suddenly at his home Thursday night,was one of the most prominent citizens of Millersburg, an officer of theChristian Church, teacher of the BibleClass, chaplin of Amity Lodge No. 40F. & A. M., a devoted husband, a kindloving father, and a strong personalfriend. He stood high in all walks ofsociety.An effort was made Friday morningafter his death to notify the threesons, who were in three differentstates, of the death of their father.Messrs. Homer Linville, of Columbus,Ohio, and Malcolm Linville, of Peru,Ind., arrived Saturday. Mr. RoscoeLinville, who has a position in Yellow Stone National ParK, was fortunate enough to be in Missouri and wasreached by telegram before leavingfor Colorado.The funeral arrangements weremade for Saturday afternoon. However, the family received, a telegramfor Mr. Roscoe Linville a few minutesbefore time for the funeral processionto leave the home, saying that he wasin Cincinnati and would reach Millersburg Saturday night.As the relatives were at the home,and the Christian Church had alreadybegan toll, it was decided to go onwith the funeral .services at thechurch, then place the body in thevault' at the cemetery and bury itwith the Masonic Honors Sunday afternoon. The services at the church wereconducted by his pastor, Elder O. C.Cossaboom. The remarks were veryfeeling, due largely to the fact thatMr. Linville was a "member of theofficial board and a teacher in the Sunday school. The floral tributes attested, the high esteem In which the deceased was 'held by his family friends,church and lodge.At the close of the services the bodywas placed in the vault in the Millersburg cemetery until 2.30 o'clockSunday afternoon, at which time itwas taken to the grave and depositedin its last resting place with MasonicHonors. W. A. Butler presided in anIn The RiJust Received From the East!Sperials Por This WeekMisses' and Children's WhiteCanvas Button Shoes.Specials. ,.. 5 5 CInfant's Patent twostrap Pumps. SpecialBoy Scout Shoes,$2 value. Specialimpressive manner. Jn the loss. ofMr. Linville the church loses a valuable officer, a useful teacher, the lodge' a worthy member, and the community an honored and upright citizen.The following were the pall bearers:Wm. Burroughs, K. D. Burroughs, J.T. Purdy, Ed. W. Ingels, W. V. Huffman, R. L. Wison.The following is a partial list ofout-of-town friends and relatives whoattended the funeral: Messrs. RoscoeLinville, Colorado; Malcolm Linville,Peru, Ind.; Homer Linville, Columbus,Ohio; Miss Katherine Linville, Lexington; Mr. and Mrs. Jacpb Linville'Mr. and Mrs. Charles Linville, andMrs. Sam Berry, of Carlisle; Dr.Solomon Linville, of Centerville; Mrs.W. S. Chandler, Mrs. J. H. Day andMrs. Sallie Linville, Mt. Olivet; Mrs.L. D. Huffman, Dr. and Mrs. H. B.Huffman and son, Mr. and Mrs. FrankMichael, Covington; Mr. and Mrs.Stone Perkins, of Berry.Col. W. M. Layson entertained theSenior Class of the M. F. C. with anelaborate dinner Saturday.Mr. W. N. Henderson, 6f Versailles,and Clyde Morehead, of Brooksville,attended the recital of Miss DukeJ6nes Friday evening.Misses Bruce Redd and Edwina Ammerman were guests of Mr. and Mrs.T. J. Mulligan, of Lexington, fromFriday until Monday.Mrs. Anna Jefferson has returnedafter a two weeks visit to her daughter, Mrs. R. W. Becraft, and son, Mr.J. Garnett Jefferson, m Paris.The Millersburg Militay Institutebaseball team was defeated yesterdayafternoon by the team of the Lexington High School by a score of 9 to 7.Miss Alma Duke Jones gave herl graduation recital in piano at the M.F. C. Auditorium Friday night. MissJones is a Millersburg girl and a mostpromising pianist.Mr. O. E. Hurst was in Cincinnatifrom Saturday until Monday. Hewas accompanied home by his wife,who has been visiting relatives atFrankfort, Ind., for the past twoweeks.Mr. J. H. Campbell has resigned hisposition as inspector for the HurstHome Insurance Co., his resignationto go intoeffect June 1. Mr. Campbellhas ocupied this position for severalyears and has given general satisfaction. His successor has not yetbeen named.There will be a call meeting ofAmity Lodge No. 40 F. & A. M., Wednesday evening at 7.30 for the purposeof conferring the third degree on Mr.K. J. W. Miller. Mr. Joe Ewalt, ofParis, Grand Master of Kentucky,will be present. All members areurged to be in attendance, and allvisiting Masons will be welcome.Rubber Glove Special.Rubber Gloves this week at the special price of 69 centsVARDEN & SON.Lebus Pictures Tomorrow.Moving pictures of the famous"Hiriata'races tomorrow at theColumbia.TimeLadies'Uxrords,Specialvalue49cLadies'fords, infffl JthtSatin Pumps.Speciall.fv?COHENs Secure a Home Site.Buy a choice lot at the sale inRosedale Addition on'' Wednesday afternoon, May 14, at 2 o'clock. Sewers, shade trees, concrete walks, etc.,make it the most desirable additionever opened in Paris. A good chanceto secure a desirable home site atyour own price." Fifty dollars in goldto be given away on the day of thesale. Be sure to attend.Low Round Trip to Atlanta, Ga., andReturn via L. & N.$12.40 to Atlanta and return account General Assemblies Presbyterian Church of North America. Tickets on sale May 13,14, 15, 19 and 20,return limit June 10. Tickets can beextended to June 30 by depositingticket and paying $1.00 at Atlanta.W. H. HARRIS, Agt.J. K. SMITH, T. A.13-2tSmall Print Bad for Children.Small print leads the young scholarto look too closely at his bo6ks. Heis not yet familiar with the forms ofthe words, and his eyesight has notyet reached its full acuteness. Foreasy vision he must have retinal images larger than those which satisfythe trained reader. To obtain theselarger images he brings thebook toonear to his eyes, or his eyes too nearthe book, and this is apt to be in-jurlous.Camel's Speed Considerable.""A camel with an average load willtravel twenty-five miles a day, andwhen unincumbered it will' reachninety miles a day sometimes.Belief In Luck Harmful.Belief in luck retards progress, dullsthe intellect, deadens the wits, debases the body and keeps its votariesever behind in the race of life. Theman who believes that his luck isagainst him good luck has cast overhimself an insidious spell and soonwill feel that it is useless to knock atthe treasure-room of fame and fortune, that a deaf ear will be turned tohim because he comes to believe thatdoor to be open only to its favoredchildren.Rubber Glove Special.Rubber Gloves this week at the special price of 69 centsVARDEN & SON.Beautiful Building Lots.Nothing is to be more desired thana beautiful building lot in an excellent locality. Rosedale Addition furnishes the greatest opportunity to secure a home site in the best localityin the city. Sewers, shade trees andconcrete walks, graded streets and amost suitable location make theselots the most desirable in the city.Don't fail to attend the sale on Wednesday afternoon, May 14, and investin a beautiful site 'that will meet withall the desires of the home builders.Fifty dollars in gold given away inprizes on the day of this sale.It0rhigh-grade Pumps andall leathers.$2.49stvlish Shoes and OxPatent, Gun Metal andS1.49aMWINTER WHEAT GOODCondition of Crops on May 1 Was91.9 of Normal.The first official estimate of the sizeof the crop of winter wheat was madeFriday in the May crop report of theCrop Reporting Board, Bureau ofStatistics, United States Departmentof Agriculture. The report shows thecondition on May 1 of winter wheat,rye, meadow lands and pastures; thepercentage of spring plowing .andspring planting completed, the acreage of winter wheat to be harvested,the estimated outturn of the winterwheat crop and the stocks of hay onfarms ,May 1. The fiugres are:Winter wheat. The average condition of winter wheat on May 1 was91.9 per cent, of a normal, comparedwith 91.6 per cent, on April 1.' 79.7per cent, on May 1, 1912, and 85.6 percent., the average for the past tenyears on May 1.The area of winter wheat remainingon May 1 to be harvested was about30,938,000 acres, or 1,449,000 acres lessthan the area planted last autumn,but 4,367,000 acres more than the areaharvested last year (26,571,000 acres).The condition on May 1 is indicative of a yield per acre of approximately 16.6 bushels, assuming averagevariations to prevail thereafter. Onthe estimated area to be harvestedwould produce annual crop of571,000 bushels, compared with399,919,000 bushels in 1912, 430,656,000bushels in 1911, 434,142,000 bushels in1910, and 417,780,000 bushels in 1909.The outturn of the crop probably willbe above or below the figures heregiven according as tho, condition fromMay 1 to time of harvest is above orbelow the average change.Rye. The condition of rye on May1 was 91 per cent of a normal, compared with 89.3 per cent.' on April 1,87.5 per cent, on May 1, 1912, nad 89.6per cent.,, the average for the past tenyears on May 1.Meadow or Hay Lands. The average condition of meadow or hay landson May 1 was 88.5 per cent, of a normal, compared with 85.7 per cent, onIIay 1, 1912, and a ten-year averageon May 1 of 88.5 per cent.Hay on Farms. The stocks of hayon farms on May 1 were estimated tobe 10,828,000 tons, compared with4,744,000 tons on May 1, 1912, and 8,673,000 on May 1, 1911.Pasture. The average condition ofpastures on May 1 was 87.1 per centTof a normal, compared with 81.7 percent, on May 1, 1912, and a ten-yearaverage on May 1 of 86.1 per cent.Spring Plowing. Of spring plowing67.2 per cent, was completed up- toMay 1, compared with 52.8 per cent,on May 1, 1912, and a ten-year average on Maj-1 of 65.7 per cent.Spring Planting. Of spring planting 57 per cent, was completed up toMay 1, compared with 48.9 per cent,on May 1, 1912, and a six-year average on May 1 of 54.3 per cent.First Use of Stage Money.Stage money, that is, money of. novalue off the stage, is first said tohave been used by David Garrick inthe eighteenth century. The moneyis said to have been made by thewealthy actor-manager so as to loolcactually like real money. There waslittle money, even of this counterfeitkind, used in the days of Shakespeare,because of the scarcity of any kind ofmoney, particularly among actors.Spot CashFOR CREAMBecome a Tri-State Shipper to-day for Shipping Cream to the Tri-State Butter Co., Cincinnati, Ohio, isProf itable An average price of more thap 2c above Elginsince November.Safe-EasyYou can makefour days whenWrite For Free Trial Cans To-day "Give us a trial without cost to you and let our SPOT CASH -PayChecks reward you. ' .Our price this week is 32 cents Poor Old Elgin 28. .The Tri-State Butter Company,Cincinnati, Ohio.Paris OdorlessMen's and Ladies'Pressed andLadies' Sqrge White Suits and8v All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory1T 3 T-J t , .U auu tS ?a andKeblocked to vyourWe Call Tor andCall up"E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Pa -"f White Kid Gloves Craned,Suit! FfUd.Two hfrtfrid and ninety-tear tthave'beon ftp nr the Hardta CircuitCourt by tffii Comisoaweafth. o 'Kentucky against the Americaa and Adams Express Companies for $100 damages each for delivering liquor in localoption territory, after the passage of.the Webb bill, which prohibits eveninterstate shipment.In this vast number of petitions theAdams delivered 126 and the Amer-(ican Express Company in 168.It is alleged that the Adams delivered at nine points, and fourteensuits were brought for each of theseplaces. The points are: Colesburg,.Elizabethtown, Tunnel Hill, WestPoint, Howards, Glendale, Nolin, Sonora and Upton.Fourteen suits were filed againstthe American for each of the pointsto which they were shipped, which,are as follows: Cecilian, Long GroveVine" Grove, West Point, Rhineville,Tip Top, St. John, Stephenburg, EastView, Summitt, Elizabethtown andStithton.. Seer's of BtfuwageAll Parties Must Select in Primary."All the candidates excepting the ischool trustee, officers in cities ofthe second class under the commission form of government and officersin towns of the fifth and sixth classes.must be chosen by the three leadingparties by primary," said AttorneyGeneral Morris in a communication toCounty Clerks.Persons not members of any of thethree parties may have their namesplaced on the ballot for the regularelection as provided by the generalelection laws.A special ballot must be provided!at the primary for each of the threeparties having cast 20 per cent, ofic -Jthe vote at the last regular election.Fees for the County Clerks: Twenty-fivecents for publishing a list of --candidates before the primary; $1 for- "filing nomination papers and 10 cents,for each special registration are paid. -bythe county.Charlemagne's Talisman.Charlemagne's, talisman is famousin history. It was of fine gold, circular in shape and set with gems, withtwo sapphires and i fragment of theholy cross at the center. This charmwas found attached to the neck ofCharlemagne when his tomb wasopened, and was presented to thegreat Napoleon, who in turn gave it1to Hortense, ex-queen of Holland.Enlightening."Can't you remember the piece- Imean, Mary? Miss What's-Har-Nameplayed it that night at the Thingerings. It begins at the bottom of thepiano and goes lam-tum-tumty-tum-tah."Judge.Low Rates to Chattanooga.$5.60 Georgetown to Chattanooga,Tenn., and return via Queen & Crescent route. Special fare accorded forannual reunion United ConfederateVeterans. Tickets on sale May 24,25, 26, 27, 28, and for train scheduled eto reach Chattanooga before noonMay 29. Return limit June 5, 1913.Extension of final limit to June 25,1913, upon deposit of ticket and payment of fee of 50c. Apply to nearestticket agent Queen & Crescent Routefor full information. W. A. Becker,G. P. A., Cincinnati, O.A $75,000 corporation with an established reputation guaranteeing your shipments against lossor damage in transit.your shipments every three ormost convenient, cream sweet-Cleaning Co. tSnits Cleaned,Repaired.-Fancy Silks our specialtyStow Hats Cleaned andsatisfaction.Deliver Work.Q T r .. . ." "aiil cvy, irroprietor.short, 10c; long 2oc.hiv.,11jp. -V:ir-mzdt. -S-X- y-1?rsJiS ih siirTmJk IfrjiiAMi .:-v?- ,' , fTA-mmggmmmmmAmtOHMHiiaMIr