kTHE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR-VOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MAY 20 1913PARISIANS TO ATTEND1rEighthjhth Distriyffon atct C. W. B. M. ConvenCynthiana Today.WE WANT YOURWATCH WORKOur Watch Repair Department is nowin charge of MR. BINZEL, a thorough competent, up-to-date and conscientious workman.If your watch is not keeping satisfactorytime, bring it to us; we will tell you just whatthe trouble is and what it will cost to putit in first-class condition.Don't wait, do it to-day:rj? u3j tPaynjp Cash 3or 4V 2our Srooeries jfoii( $S Can Szeduce the Costal& of jCiving Oneuhirdift - fjfsij 31 lbs. the Best SL'f AA miff Eastern Stiar vv i(With a $3-00 Purchase)Standard Corn, per can 5c Kjh Tomatoes, per can iucj Sweet Potatoes, per can 10c jjJJJS Pie Peaches, per can " 10c ifyw Three 10c size Macaroni or Spaghetti 25c wy 2o large package National Oats 25c MvT Coal Oil, per gallon 12c ?K& WI J. C. LENIHAN. 1$ Cash Grocery.(US Both Phones 234 iffJar-fee1ifllr'mf& mm' "TSI Strain Hafts andPanama HatsIn all the Latest Styles and at. Prices in Reach of Everybody.m;The Eighth District Convention ofthe Christian Woman's Board of Missions will convene in Cynthiana today.The district is composed of the counties of Bath, Bourbon, Clark, Harrison,Nicholas and Montgomery and the attendance promises to be the largest inthe history of the conventions of theorganization.Paris will send a large delegation toattend the meeting which will conveneat 9:30 o'clock this morning. MissEnnie May, of Bourbon who is districtmanager, will preside over the meeting and Mrs. Withers Davis, of Paris,will deliver the address of welcome.Those from this city who wil attendare Mrs. Walter Payne, Mrs. WilliamMyall, Mrs. Harry Kerslake, Mrs. C.Arnsparger, Mrs,R. B. Hutchcraft, MissBessie Wilson, Mrs. Watson Judy,Mrs. T. M. Funk, Mrs. R. S. Swango,Mrs. Lizzie Walker, Mrs. J. W. Hayden, Mrs. J. M. Rion, Mrs. RobertGoggin, Mrs. W. R. Scott, Mrs. JamesArkle, Miss Susie Ashurst, Mr. MaryWalker, Mrs. Lucy Sprake, Mrs": W. E.Ellis, Mrs. Jesse Traylor, Mrs. E. P.Clarke, Mrs. Dan Peed, Mrs. J. S.Sweeney, Mrs. J. W. Larkin, Mrs, Bettie Brown, Mrs. Russell Mann, Mrs.Nellie Highland, Mrs. Custis Talbott,Mrs. J. D. Burnaugh,. From theYoung Ladies Mission Circle: Mrs.Withers Davis, Mrs. Carl Wilmoth,Mrs. Houston Rion, Mrs. Logan Howard, Mrs. Taylor Chandler, Mrs.Woodford Daniel, Mrs. Tom Allen,Miss Mary F. Hutchcraft, Miss LizzieJasper, Miss Elizabeth Steele, MissClara Belle O'Neal, Miss Nannie JBrentO'Neal, Miss Ruth Hadley Myall, Liberty, Mo. From the Mission Band:Fithian Arkle, Nannette Arkle, T, J.Judy, Jr., Eleanor Swango, CatherinePhillips Wallingford, Emma Lois Burley and Elmeta Hinton."WE KNOW HOW"v tLet YourMoney Do It'"V-X. Proposed Increase Voted Down.At the meeting of the Imperial Council Ancient Arabic Order of the MysticShrine, at Dallas last week, the proposed amendment to increase the initiation fee from $50 to $75 was voteddown. The meeting of the Council in1914 wil be held in Atlanta.If Your Money Was HumanIt Would Not Want, To BeExchanged For Clothing Unless it Was Dollar For DollarValue.-ADon't-let your money buy just Clothing. Make it:Buy the RealDependable ClothingThe kind that is backed up by a guarantee from theright kind of a merchant. Dollar for dollar valuesare assured when you purchase Clothing from thisstore, and you will find this same rule applies toevery dollar's worth of merchandise bought here.T5-Closing Exercises.The closing exercises of the Monterey School will be held Friday eveningat the school house commencing at7:30 o'clock. An elaborate program hasben arranged by the teacher, Mrs. L.H. Pryor. An ice cream and strawberry supper has aiso been arranged tofollow the exercises. The public is invited. " zOn Trial at Harrodsburg.A. H. Patton, the Jackson attorney,well-known in this city.charged withsubornation of perjury growing out ofthe recent trials of D. F. Deaton andothers charged with the murder of Ed.Callahan, is on trial in the Mercer Circuit Court. The trial of the case wasopened in Harrodsburg yesterday withJudge Hardin sitting. The case is attracting wide attention because of itsorigin.Stetson Shoes andStetson HatsManhattan Shirts inbright, snappySpring stylesMitchell & Blakemore,iOutfitters to IVtenParis, KentuckyDEFECTIVE GEARi- feCSV"- - wf -,.. wSZLCXriII 1 1 1 U 1 1 IIII IJ IX7IL11 1 IILK1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 T I Fl 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 M J 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 !1 1 LLI fwwwmwmmm18IBSSlafem&&M-mm.3HPmm5&A&WmM&wmSummer UnderwearB. V. D. in Union Suits in Separate Garments.Plain Balbriggin in Unipn Suits and Separate Garments. Porus Knit in Union Suits and Separate Garments.Scriven in Union -Suits and Separate Garments.Our Prices on Underwear 25 to $2price & 60. Giotmersand Furnishers'tiK8!k8!ffilBm&a$m.mCausedWreck of Auto Sunday After-noon Injuring One.A defective rod in the steering gearof. the automobile of James Caldwell,residing near this city, caused thewreck of the machine Sunday afternoon about four o'clock, when it broke,sending the machine crashing througha wire fence, throwing the occupantsout and seriously injuring Allen Inglesof Millersburg.The accident occurred at the intersection of the Maysville and RuddlesMills pike. The car was driven byFrank Caldwell who was accompanied by Ingles, Will Powell and DickMcDaniel, all of Millersburg.Caldwell, it is said was driving thecar car at a low rate of speed whenthe- defective rod broke, turning thecar from its course in the road into aditch and through a wire fence. Theoccupants were thrown out, Ingles sustaining severe injuries, while his comnanions escaped with a few slight! scratches.In an unconscious condition the injured man was taken to his home inMillersburg in the automobile of Mr.Orie Lebus, of Cynthiana, who happened to be passing. When he reached home he was atten,ded by Dr. BruceSmith.One ear had been torn loose by theforce of the fall and he was otherwiseinjured. Yesterday he was consciousonly at intervals and his attendingphysician is unable to determine' atthis time the extent of his injuries,which though serious are not thoughtto be fatal..tFRANK &, COThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.Half-PricE Suit Sale!The backward season and late deliveries from the manufacturers finds us with too many suits on hand. Consequently theliberal reduction now, when you most desire a Spring Suit. AllSuits are this Spring models.m&m"mmJVS..Vwm?mmmRELIGIOUS.At the conclusion of the servicesat the Christian church Sunday morning Mrs. Ida Goodman, who came tothis city from Georgetown and Mr.Charles Adkisson, recently of Harn'man, Tenn., united with the churcd byletter.$40.00 Suits now,35.00 Suits now30.00 Suits now25.00 Suits now20.00 Suits now15.00 Suits now$20.0017.5015.0012.5010.007.50Odd Sizes andWhite Suits not included in this sale.Alterations will be made with extra cost to the purchaser.Bring this list arid make your selection. The original pricetickets will fre left on all garments will be left on all garments andreductions will be made as above.raj,,mmmmmmmm'C4JP'P39F2teF5vflP 5ter steP 2te-r 2r(pSP SMATRIMONIAL NOTESfHall Gillispie.Miss Mary Hall -and Mr. William 'Gillispie, both of Bourbon Countywere united in marriage Friday afternoonat the residence of the officftitingminister, Rev. W. E. Ellis.FRANK fe CO.,giuinimnnumrnimiMfHiKHiiuiiimmmmmmmwmwm mm9mmmvIi9THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 20 ,1913t-yrm Ot ,7?i . .. ionoes Kjnaito Sverv uiveryNew models and exclusive patterns areshown at all times in our display of Women'sFootwear. Every pair of these Shoes alsoshow elegance of finish and grace in each particular line. We can give you fitting qualitiesin Shoes which cannot be excelled, and as toservice, it need only be said that our Shoes aremade by the best Shoe makers in the world.We can give them to you in widths as narrowas AA.We invite your inspection.IGeo. McrPhones 301BourbonmmmmmmmmmmmmimmmammmJtD4VIS & FUNK, Props.wTelephone No. 4.ftotototo i r -Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMB1LMER.BOTH'PHONES DAT137; NIGHT 299.Baldwin Bros !TryaOur4 'JCountry ClubLayer CakesChocolate Caramel,- White andRibbonk 5c, Two for 25cJAlso hi u big'sfamous Picsjl 5c.Baldwin Bros.1rfuippcacomanIWilliams,The Shoe ManXtUDE17TTI..Llt.l A AVI .1.1piiypiTM???$stoLaundry;ft'I!West 5 Street WftWe Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirt-waists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrt Mlamous io- line worK ana iddever goes'brcck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateewtototoM. A. CAHAL,Barber Shop.First-Cfass Workmen.Polite and Prompt Attentionto Alf.Hot and Cold BathsWe Thank You For a Share ofYour Patronage.Trees Trees TreesFruit and Ornamentals, Strawberries, Shrubs, Hedging, Grapes, Asparagus, Rheubarb, Roses, Peonies,Phiox, etc.Everything for Orchard, Lawn andGarden. No 'Agents.. H. F. HILLENMEYER & SONS,Lexington, Ky.'A WIRED HOUSE'is smeny up-to-dateHE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at Posfcoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .$2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.Tbe right o publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space . a newspaper's stock intrad source of revenue.ANNOUNCEMENTS.The News ie authorized to make thefollowing announcements, subiect tothe action of the Democratic PrimaryAugust 2, 1913:For RepresentativeREUBEN HUTCHCRAFT.For State SenatorHON. J. WILL CLAYRTJFUS HADDEN ,For Commonwealth's AttorneyVICTOR A. BRADLEYFor County ClerkPE ARCE PATONJ. WALTER PAYNEFor Police JudgeR. S. PORTERL. GRINNANTHOS. J. HOLLIDAYE. B. JANUARYFor CoronerGEO. M. KISERRUDOLPH DAVISFor TffayorJ. T. HINTONJAS. M. O'BRIEN.For Police ChiefJ. C. ELGIN, Sr.W. F. LINKGEO. M. HILLBEN BISHOPGEO. W. JUDYFor JailerJOSEPH FARRISW. O. BUTLERFor CouncilmenFirst WardWHITTINGTON MANN.GEO. D. SPEAKES.W.T.BROOKS.Second Ward.W. O. HINTON.BRUCE MILLER.W A. WALLEN.WM. KENNEY,Third WardJACK WOODS.For Assessor., R. M. GILKEY.L. B. Purnell, Deputy. -JOHN S. WIGGINS.Wm. Lynch, Deputy.For County Judgec. a. McMillan.For County AttorneyGEO. BATTERTON.For MagistrateL. J. FRET WELL,For SheriffW.F. TALBOTT,W. G. McCLINTOCK, DeputyJ. O. MARSHALL, DeputyMoney Carried Man to Death.Weighed down with coins, whichhe had taken in at his saloon Saturday night, Edward Buckmer, a saloonkeeper, was .drowned in the Ohio River near Evansville, Ind., when hislaunch upset.Ruckmar, together with Frank Yeager, was running a trotline, and whenboth leaned over the same side ofthe launch to pull in a large fish, theboat upset.Yeager was, rescued, Ruckmar,whose body had not been' fond hadabout $150, mostly coin, in his pock-pf.. nnrl this i 'holiovofl fr 'ho-iri -r..n' ed him to sink.Dynamite Proof Car.The private car of the Czar of Russia is bynamite proof, and owing toits weight it could not run on the biggest part of the European lines. Thecar is furnished with a chapel, a library, a bath room, a drawing roomand a bedroom, besides a kitchen anddining room. The Czar always travels with one chef, a man now wellalong in years, who served his fatherand for a while the grandfather ofthe present German Emperor.Broken Rope Reveals Tragic Fate.William Crispin, 33 years old, a collector of birds' eggs, lowered himself100 feet by a rope in the PoconoMountains, near Easton, Penn., Friday, in quest of eagle's eggs, andfell 200 feet to his death.Crispin had collected birds' eggsall over the country. Last weey hereceied an order from Newr York fora certain kind of eagle's eggs, and setout for the Pocone Mountains to find.them. He was last seen alive Fribay afternoon near the place wherehe was killed. Saturday several wo-men tyuo were picking wild -flowerscame across his body. High up In theperpendicular mountain side theysaw the end of the'jope.Luke McLuke Says.Lots of'young folks brag that theynever made a mistake in their lives.But you never hear a married manmaking a crack like that.We pity the poor Cave Man. But theaforesaid Cave Man's wife could fasten her own bear skin up the backwhen she wanted to go out and do thediplodocus dip.Some girls are not so modesty thatthey Some girls are so modest' thatthey blush when they see a hammockhanging in a store window.When a woman uses too much paintit is mighty hard for a man to giveher the benefit of the doubt.A girl is always willing to listen toadvice from any man if he isn't herfather.Tact means that you must keep ongabbing about the weather when youhave just discovered that the girl inthe peek-a-boo waist isn,twearing anycorset cover.A fat woman may be folish in someways, but she never waists any of hermoney buying a bust developer.When a fellow and a girl are taking sly peeps at each other it is amighty good thing that neither ofthem are mind readers.'Atight hobble never prevents achicken form chasing after a man.I saw mother and daughter on theline, wasjclear up under her arms, butmother's was just above her knees.The story of a man's passion for awoman is written on water. The woman's story is carved in granite.It is what you keep out of the newspapers that fixes your standing in any.community.Grandma used to blush all overwhen a man got a glimps or a nairinch of her hose. But granddaughterter hoists knee high and says: "1hoists ftnee high and says: "I worry."A man likes to have a five-year-oldgirl frisk his pockets. But if she isthirty-five and tries it he hollers murber. The Italian Government is fosteringexperiments with cotton cultivationin that country, which imports morethan $50,000,000 worth of the rawstaple annually.A German chemical plant whichyields much hydrogen gas as a byproduct has built a three mile pipeline to supply it to dirigible balloons.The tallest soldier in the Germanarmy, a theological student namedZimmerman, who is undergoing hismilitary service at Ratisbon, is sixfeet, nine and three-fourths inchesin height.A new local telephone system, harbor improvements and municipal 'electrie plant extension are being contemplated in Stavanger, Norway.Stock sales at Shelbyville CourtMonday were of mixed varities.Horses brought from $25 to $75; hogs,sows and pigs from $10 to $45. Eighthead of Jersey cows brought from $25to $40, and a yearling Jersey bull, $25.All of the cattle were the property ofGiltner Bros.European Travelers.From all Atlantic ports, includingthose of Canada, 706,122 persons sailed for Europe in 1912. A large majority of these, 568,649, sailed fromNew York City. The ships of theNorth German Lloyd carried the biggest number of this great host oftravelers, the Cunard line coming innext.Animal Resistance.Some of the domestic animals arefar less sensitive than human beingsto poisons of certain kinds. On theother hand, they show less resistingpower than men to other poisons oi adifferent nature. It is not al a question of relative size and strength.The use of ozone to supplement theordinary processes of refrigeration isworking well in experiments withfresh meat packing houses in Germany. To hold spoons on a dining tablea Pennsylvanian has patented aholder in which a dozen or more canbe neatly nested on top of one another. Consul Johnson, in Ghent, pleadsfor the growth of American businessin Europe that some of the middlemenmay be eliminated.The motor is placed in the hands ofa new electrical horse clipper to doaway -with much 'cumbersome machinery and permit current to betaken 4 through a cord from a lightsocket.Stones are found in Nevada whichwhen placed apart begin to travel toa common center. The presence oflodestone or magnetic iron ore is theexplanation of the phenomenon.Experiments in Germany seem tohave shown that dried potato vineshave the same value for feeding stockas good meadow hay.3iJWSvWEAKNESSbut is Dromntlv relievedby the medical nourishment inScott's Emulsion whichis not a nerve-quieter, but nature'sgreatest nerve -builder, withoutalcohol or opiate.Scott& Bowne, Bloomfield, IT. J. 13-25223SIEES:irrTTc-mfETOiliffA WOMAN'S PROBLEMIn the looking-glass a woman often sees -srrijikles, hollow circles under eyes,"crow's feet," all because she did not turn to the right remedy when worndown with those troubles which are distinctly feminine. Backache, headache,pains, lassitude, nervousness and drains upon v.taiity bring Untold sufferingto womanhood and the face shows it. The nervou3 system and the entirewomanly make-up feels the tonic effect of0L piJECp !i?AYQFvITE PEESCRIPTiON.It allays and subdues nervous excitability, irritability, nervou3 exhaustion, andother distressing sy-np:om3 comnon.y lUr-Jant upon functional and organicdiseases of the feminine ovgan3. IS induces refreshing sleep and relievesmental anxiety and despondency. Knovra eve-ywere nd for over 40 yearsas the standard romedy for the disuses of woman. Your dealer in medicinessells it in liquid or sugar-coated tablet fonr; or yon can send 50 one-centFtamps for a trial hex of D-. Pier'a Fivonw Prescription tablets. Addres3Dr. K. V. Pierce, Invalids' Hotel and Surgw-i Insacite, Buffalo, N. Y.DR. PIERCE'S PLEASANT PELLETS F.EGULATE AND INVIGORATESTOMACH, LIVER AND BOWELS. fC AR-COATED TINY GRANULES.:f ij&tivmrxaHieT:9,'''i gyg5aE2)qsc2:D'S$$$iriS2ec)U NeedBusiness"FOR SALE BYDodson & DentonQ&zgSSS aXtegxfecSPlXs&(MXESiLUmfkvH1. Sells My Products 4. Protects the Home2. Gets Best Prices 5. Helps the Housewife3. Brings Supplies 6. Increases Profits7. Pays For Itself Over and Over!Seven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and send'to-day for booklet.For information, call manager.CumberlanchTelephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporatedExtra50 Fine and Stylish Sample Suits for Ladies and Misses, values $15 and $20, to be sold, special at 10.90. All Women andMisses size.Made by the best manufacturers in the country to demonstrate the high character of their production.After the suits were displayed we immediately bought themat an unusual advantage, and now we price them awfully low, at$10.90The excellent tailoring perfection of fit and quality, of materials of these suits and the low price will make a grand purchasefor you.Call and see them atih Bios. Depanmeni stoieCorner Seventh and Main Sts.We are agents for Pictorial Patterns, Buster Brown Hose,Bon Bon and W. B. Corsets.fflffliHIIIUJlulBWBWK W i JJnwrfUiifrtiRoofs put on twenty-six years ago are as good as new to-day, andhave never needed repairs. What is the result? Why practicallyevery other shingle manufacturer is trying to imitate it, so be not deceivedlook for the words "Cortright Reg. U. S. Pat. Off." embossed on thecorrugation. It is put there for your protection. Accept no substfcute.7?n, C7- I..4 VI UUlb Ct tBest & Hawkins, MillersfcKin , Kyif'iuTnWSSSZSSZ,- J fcjSrVE25it in YourASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland Telephone works for him. He will reply:Tallies!Designed and Patentedin 1867The StandardEver Since1POULTRY NOTES.J-VVci9x12 Wiltinaywuwi 9x12 Axminster Rugs, $32.00nnwA. 9x12 SeamlessnowxlO CrexnowI B KMain andL.((ill AI AN ACGURMThat can be changed to two, three or four grains to a hill without stopping the team.IiBLACK HAWKAccurate, simple and will put each hillCall and see it demonstrated.FOR SALE BYlYerkes & Prichard,"DEALERS IN EARN MACHINERY, WAGONS, BUGGIES, AUTOMOBILES,COAL EEED ANDISALT.LOF CARPETS, RUGS, MATTINGSAND LINOLEUMS.j Now For Yoor Spring CleanmSeamless Velvet Rue:. S35.C0.Gltcz. r- 4.ii.r -r-Brussels Rug, $20.00,Rugs, 12.03,Whaolor PiirnifiirIf BHWWlWi UillllUIWThird Sis. CHAS. GRENN, Mgr.E DROPv2.l. - k-.9.00fiftWSParis, Ky,J1N PLANTERNO. ISin its proper place.'-JA good hen, good feed", good feedermake a good combination, pretty sureto hring success. ?r! 'tProgress is usually the result of experience. uIn all experimental stages expectlog's, and when it comes, regard it aseducational.The eggs of many ducks are so delicately flavored and delicious as hens'eggs.'The wise gardner saves the droppings of the poultry houses. Theymake a valuable fertilizer, whetherapplied directy or put in the compost heap, to be applied to the landlater, and in combination with otherthings.k -Good feed is food properly balanced to build up flesh, shell and eggs inthe shell. An egg contains calcium,protein and nitrogen. Feed for these.There is big money in pigeon raising. Squabs are always wanted bycaterers and hotel keepers. The firstplant is the greatest cost.k kAt one time the Cochin craze wasold Dutch craze for tulips. ThenCochins gave way to other breeds,though they still have a waim placein the alfections of poulterers.j:A law of the poulterer is "the greatets weight in the smallest relativecompass," or "the greatest bulkaround the most desirable portionsof flesh."v fA number of poulterers are making a great "favorite of the IndianRunner duck. They claim for it hardiness, freedom from vermin, fineflavor of both meat and eggs, andthat it is almost immune from fowldiseases.No one business in the UnitedStates nearly equals its egg producthis business half the ability andbrain work that is spent in otheroccupations and then note the result.Heretofore it has been too often regulated to the weaklings on the farm.The high cost of living will soonchange all this. The 50-cent Qgs willsurely some time produce a demandfor the 50-per cent, good gray matter of the brain.r -The census of 1910 gave a total of$85,000,000 as an estimate of the poultry product for this year. There hasbeen a great increase since the census was taken.Where the age of a fowl cannot betold by the legs, there is often adull heavy look under the eyes of anold birds, which an experienced poulterer can discern at a glace.Prof. James Dryden, of the Oregon,Agricultural College, has a goob opinion of the trap-nest. He says"The only certain method of separating the good layers from the pooris to use the trap-nest and keep adaily record of eggs laid. It is notalways the fault of the feed and carethat they don't do better. It is themisfortune of the hen herself veryoften; she could not lay if she wantedto."It required considerable time tokeep a trap-nest record of a flock ofhens. Not every farmer has the time,but if a few farmers in every countywould trap-nest a flock of hens, in afew years all the farmers of the county would very likely have stock thatwere trom heavy-laying trap-nestedfowls. Where it is possible for afarmer to devote a little time to iteach day, he will be well paid forhis labor."It has been shown in our experiments that the poor layers during thefirst year are usually the poor layersthe second year. If at the end of afull year's record all hens that hadlaid less than 100 eggs, or 120, wereto be killed off, it would save thefarmers keeping a lot of fowls at aloss for another year. From 25 to 60per cent, of the fowls in the averageflocks do not pay for their keep."When a hen is over-fat at the laying season it is well to hold her insuspicion of having her laying organssomewhat out of order. An excess ofsome substance that is ordinarilyused for egg-nurture has been turnedinto fat. Such a hen may lay eggsoccassionally, but not often enough,or reliable enough, to make it worthwhile to keep her for her eggs. Cullall these birds out of the flock, if youwant to continually breed it up to ntsbest. The poor layers may be put intoa flock by themselves and the resultwatched. Such as are poor layers ornon-layers, Avill make good pot-pie, orchicken with dumplings, or croquettes.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfAnd He Got the Pardon.The Judge (to the accused) Thelady whom you kissed against her willis ready not to press for a convictionif you ask her pardon and expressyour regret. Accused (to the prettyprosecutrix) Yes, I humbly ask yourpardon, but as a truthful man I cannot honestly express my regret.After twenty years of experimenting a Philadelphia scientist has succeeded in hatching eggs of diamondback terrapin in an incubator.Chicago hotels must equip withAre escapes or close their doors.About 400,000 bicycles are still madeevery year in Great Britain. Twothirds are used at home and the remainder exported to many countries.A porduct of Norway" is woodflour, which is made from sawdustand comes from clean snruce or ninelogs which are first freed from anyVictor Bogaert Co.,Jewelers and ImporetrsDEALERS IN HIGH-CLASSDiamonds andPreciousStonesWe carry a large assortment of Sterling Silver, andeverything in the Jewelry line.Your patronage is solicited.VICTOR! B0GAERT CO.,1 33-1 35 W. Main St.,Lexington,Season 1913Caylor Simmons23489Dark bay horse, 16 hands high, weighs1,200 lbs.By Simmons Boy 17517, sire of Silver Simmons 2:1G, Simmonette 2:19,etc.1st dam Brilliante, by Wilkes Boy2:24, sire of Courier-Journal 2:06,Judge Swing 2:08X, York Boy 2.08and nearly 100 others in 2:30 list.2nd dam Grace Ashland by AshlandChief 751, son of Mambrino Chief II.3rd dam Pong by Old Pilot.4th clam Meg by Boston, (thoroughbred.) TAYLOR SIMMONS will make theseason of 1913 at my stables in Paris,on High street, near 2nd street, at$ 1 5 to InsureThe ideal carriage fiorse is theAmerican trotting bred horse, withsize, speed, courage, and the truetrotting gait, with plenty of knee andhock action. In addition he musthave a clean cut head and neck, styleand finish, plenty of substance without coarseness.Recognizing the demand for thisclass of horses, I selected Taylor Simmons 23489, a young hose which fillsall the requirements of the typicalcarriage horse. If the theory that"like begets like" be true, he willproduce horses of this type whenmated with good mares. Through hisreins flow the blood of the greatesttrotting families. He traces twice toGeorge Wilkes and five times to Mambrino Chief II. This is backed by thestout thoroughbred blood of Boston.A few of the fancy priced onessired by Taylor Simmons: Thendara,winner in the walk-trot class at theBlue Grass Fair m 1907, LouisvilleHorse Show and in the East, sold byCol. C. L. Railey for 2,500; AlleenPowers, sold to Godfrey Priest, ofNew York, for $1,000; Little Nath,sold for 500 to Eastern parties. Hisget are always commanding the pricethat pay a man to raise good stock.Lien retained on oolts until seasonmoney is paid.Imp. Joe IIPure Bred Shetland Stallion.Imp. Joe II, sorrel and white, registered at Port Huron, August 28,1905, No. vol. 14, page 3. Sire Jim,No. 292 ; dam Banbsy, No. 1410. Asure foal getter.10 TO INSURE A LIVING COLTTom MackThe celebiated James E. Clay Jack,will make the' season at Murphy'sYards. Tom Mack is the best breederof mules that ever stood in the county.$12 TO INSURE LIVING COLT$20 JENNETML JMURPHY,Paris, Ky.FilmsDevelopedAny Size6 or 12ExposureswwiwiaaHMiiThe only reduction is in price. Thequality of the work and our service remain as high andeverP. E.222 W, Main St.,IKentucky tSpecial Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther NoticeWe pay 121-2c for greenbeef hides. Call us up -orbring it to our place.MAX MUNICH,8th Street, PARIS, KYCall East Tenn. Phone 374Professional CardsJ J. WIIililAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.-Room 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones . T 1?J) Home 136.Residenop E T 334Residence j Home gDR. A. H KELIiEK,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - - - KentuckyCurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AltHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Patronage Solicited.10'A ROLLunapproachable as jJOHNS,Lexington, Ky91"rparcicies or Dark.Phone617Y,r-iP if$V4-iJ46-jejTi ' ! f".-.-"ji j31r.$-S"?&'!?rJL, ImhiHoF1?uii1'J6l1STOCK AND FARM NOTESRichmond may have a fair thisand a movement is said to be nuder-ray at the Madison capital with thisin view.Mr. Joseph Connell of Paris soldlast week to Mr. W. G. Leer of nearTtfillersburg, a very fine sucklingmule colt for 137.50.Thomas McClintock, of Millersburg, bought of James Gibbons, ofnear Cynthianaj a mare mule colt,.three days old for 100.The Burley Tobacco Company isto have auother looes leaf warehouse.at Carlisle. They will either buy orerect another house. They have nowof 200,000 pounds capacity.Cynthiana Democrat: "Jas. Gibbons, of near Cynthiana, sold to Thos.McClintock, of Millersburg, a maremule colt three days old for 100.How's that for high?"Col. John T. Woodford & Sons, ofMt. Sterling, recently sold three nicehorses at private sale to Illinois parties. In all this firm has disposed ofover forty head of saddle horses inthe past month.Carpenter, Weil & Lillard, ofLawrenceburg, sold to the B. D. Martin Packing Co., of Philadelphia, 700catle at 8 cents and 200 at 7.35 perhundred. They will average 1,200pounds, and were fed at the CedarBrook Distillery.Mr. Nat. Young, Jr., of Mt. Sterling, recently purchased from Mr. J.M. Donel, of Carlisle, the fine bred"brood mare, Anie Howe, by DirecorGeneral, sire of Main Sheet, he sireof Mainleaf, and out of of a Wilkesmare. She is an exceptionally fineindividual.John B. Madden has sold to F.H. Hitchcock eight yearlings, by Mr.Hitchcock's thoroughbred sallion,Yankee, whoich is now in France. Theyoungsters are out of Love Note,out of Witful, out of Busy Girl, outof La Sorella II, out of -Raglan, outof Countess Wanda, out of Royal Gun,out of Bold Girl.Danville Messenger: "J. L. Beck,of near McKinney, has engaged todeliver 41 heifers to Greely Lutes togo in September at 4c. Mr. Beckind his son, Charles Beck, deliveredlast week 35 hogs to the same buyerat 7 cents. They averaged 170 lbs.They will deliver another bunch ofhogsjthe first of June that are muchheavier, and will go to 200 ponuds orbetter."Cleaning VesselsA new apparatus for cleaning a vessel without docking is carried on ascow, and includes a suspended brushpresed against the hull by a propeller,which is rotated with the brush by anelectric motor. A vessel of 8,000 tonsis cleaned in six or seven hours.A Great Building Falls,when its foundation is undermined,and if the foundation of health goddigestion is atacked, quick collapsefollows. On the first sign's of indigestion Dr. King's New Life Pills shouldhe taken to tone the stomach and regulate liver, kidneys and bowels. Pleasant, easy, safe and only 25 cents atOberdorfer's.Freak Mule Colt Foaled.A freak mule colt was foaled by amare belonging to J. W. Williams, of iLincoln county. The animal wasperfectly formed except the protuberance of a minature foot from thehocks above the normal feet. Mr.Williams had the four abnormal feetamputated, and it is believed thatthe scars will heal up nicely..Bankers Will Meet Thursday.The Seventh Congressional Districtof the Kentucky Bankers' Association-will hold its annual meeting in Georgetown next Thursday beginning at 10o'clock in the morifing. The main talkof the session will be made by Thos.J. Smith, Banking Commissioner, hissubject being, "One Year Under theJew Banking Law." The visitors willhe entertained with a luncheon givenby the .Georgetown bankers.Found Injured in Tunnel.Herbert Ballard, 22, a son of JohnBallard, a wealthy farmer of Madisoncounty, was picked up in a tunnel onthe L.& N. near Ford Friday afternoonwith one leg torn off. He was alsohadly bruised about the head and bodyIt is not known how he came thereunless he fell from a train. He wastaken to the infirmary at Richmond inan unconscious condition. But littlehopes are entertained for his recovery.He has a young wife and baby.Refrigerators.See the Panama and Gibson lines ofRefrigerators, also the New Progressin steel best on earth.E. M. WHEELER,Robneel Building.Plant Poisons.An investigation of the South African disease known as lamziekete, orlame-sickness, sugests that it is dueto a speciel plant poison that is generated under abnormal conditions ingrasses or other plants that are normally harmless. Its developmentseems to be associated with unusualweather and soil experiences, of whichsummer drouth is important. Throughsuch conditions wilting would favorthe formation of the poison, and thisgives explanation for the common belief that the disease results from eating wilted plants.Flagged Train With Shirt.Tearing his shirt from his back anOhio man flagged a train and savedit from a wreck, but H. T. Alston, Raleigh, N. C, once prevented a wreckwith Electric Biters. "I was in a terrible plight when I began to use themand my stomach, head, back and kidneys," he writes, "were all badly affected and my liver was in bad "condition but four bottles Electric Bittersmade me feel like a new man." Atrial will convince you of its matchlessMerit for the stomach, liver or kidaey trouble. Price 50 cents at OberRumor Untrue.North Middletown, Ky May 16, 1913.Mr. C. A. McMillan, Paris, -Ky.Dear Sir:It has been talked around herethat you are the candidate of certainpoliticians, and I have taken it on myself to ask you if these rumors aretrue. Very truly yours,J. L.My Dear Mr. L.:Your card with inquiry about myrace received, for which I thank youand in reply will state:All rumors that I am the candidateof any man or set of men; of any politician or any ring of politicians: or ofany clique.or faction or machine, arewithout the slightest foundation whatever. Imade up my mind the early part ofJanuary to ask the people of Bourboncounty for the office of County Judge',prompted solely by my own ambitionto hold this high office. At that timeI informed- one of the prospectivecandidates of my intention and said tohim that I would be a candidate, nomatter who else was in the race; I theninformed Judge Dundon of my intention and also of my conversation withthe otehr gentleman; and at that timeI informed him that I was the candidate of no man except myself.If some of the politicians give metheir aid, I will appreciate their support, but no more however, than I doyours and that of other good friendsin various parts of the county.You can say to anyone with whomyou meet that I intend to see eachvoter in person and ask that they withhold their promises of support until Ican present my claims. If elected Ipromise that I will do nothing to makeanyone regret having given me theirsupport and influence.Very truly yours,C. A. M'MILLAN.A Call.Mr. C. Ernest Martin: Believingthe Bourbon Fiscal Court needs timongits members some live young menwho can see beyond the confines ofone or two precincts, we urgently request you to become a candidate forMagistrate from the Paris MagisterialDistrict.MANY DEMOCRATS.Off for Owensboro.Among the Sir Knights of Coeur deLion Commandery No. 26, who willleave this morning for the sixty-sixthannual conclave which will be heldthis week at Owensboro are as follows : JSir Knights M. H. H. Davis, JosephFaris, Bruce Miller, A. H. Keller, J. A.Revelle, R. A. Hortdnr C. J. Clarke, H.O. James, Newton Smith, Thomas McDonald and wife, R. E. Lusk and wife,J. B. Lusk and wife,fcand S. J. Bagbyand wife.Decoration Day June 3.June 3 will be observed as the dayfor the decoration of the graves of thedeparted Confederates in the Pariscemetery. Preliminary arrangementswith this in view were made at theregular meeting of the Richard HawesChapter United Daughters of the Confederacy held at the court house Satday afternoon. Arrangements will bemade for public address and exercisesby the Hamilton Guards.Attend Initiation.Messrs. Joe H. Ewalt, Joe Faris, F.P. Collier, and Dr. G. L. Rankin, of thiscity, attended the meeting of the BlueLicks Masonic Lodge Saturday nightat which three candidates were giventhe third degree. The were accompanied by Everett Fryman,. Allie Dodson,and T. W. Current. The latter who isWorshipful Master of the Shjiwhanlodge conducted the initiatory exercises, after which a banquet was served.Improved Lighting Device.An improved plan for acetylenelighting consists of using portable calciom carbide containers, or gas generators, which canot be removed forchanging until the pipe or gas meteris closed, and which are sent to thesuply house for recharging. With nono loose or exposed carbide there islittle danger of escape of gas into thehouse. Avoiding waste is said tomake it practicable to run six twentyfive candle power lamps ten hours ona pound of carbide at a cost of 3 or 4cents.Heavy Rainfall.Rather unexpectedly the slopes ofSnowden, a Welsh mountain only 3,560 feet high, has provenone ofthe wettest regions in the world. The average annual rainfall of the globe isabout thirty-six inches; that of tropical Cherrapongee, Assam, is 610 inches with an extreme of 910 inches in1861; and that of Maranham, Brazil,277inches. Seathwaite a little village ofthe English valley of Borrowdale, hashas claimed the third highest record.The meteorological office, however received reports from thirteen Welshstations of which Lluchfa.at an altitude of 2,500 feet showed the greatestEuropean rainfall 247 inches and 11exceeded the 143 inches of Seathwaite.There are about 56,527,000 cattle onUnited States farms.Latest Innovation.The electrical auction is one of thelatest inovations. It appears thatweekly sales of eggs at auction are anold custom at certain market places inHolland and the plan has been involved of conducting these sales quietlyand expediously by a novel registering of bids. Each possible buyer isasigned to a numbered seat. Theauctioneer or seller has before him adial, around which is a raising scaleof all possible prices, and a largeboard connected with electrical numbers. The quality and weight of theusual lot of 2,500 eggs having beenannounced, the bids begin. The auctioner slowly turns the hand aroundthe dial, and as a satisfactory figureis reached the bidder presses the button, causing the figure on the board tolight up and the person's number tobe registered by an annunciator. Successive higher bids are recorded 'inthe same way.CHILDREN'S DAYAppropriately Observed at the Methodist Church Sunday.The children of the Methodist Sunday School were given the right ofway Sunday morning during the regular hours of service, this being theday for the annual observance of Children's Day throughout the wholecountry.The church was beautifully decorated for the ocasion with quantities ofsyringa twining the altar rail, baskets and bouquets of roses and peoniesin every available place,and these together with the bright faces of thechildren, and singing canaary birds,made an inspiring and impressivescene.The subject, "Boys and Girls of theBible," was admirably carried out insongs and recitations by the membersof the primary and intermediate classes. Every member showed carefultraining and enthusiastic interest.The march from the Sunday Schoolroom through the aisles of the mainauditorium was a beautiful sight, and,was led by Miss Edna Fronk.about theyoungest member of the school, followed by the various classes of allages to the pupils of the adult classes,some of whom are gray-haired menand women.Mrs. Frank Bryan presided at thepiano and Mr. Henry A. Power, superintendent of the school, announced theprogram, which was as follows:Processional and song by .the eutireschool.Prayer.Recitation "Bible Boys and Girls"Elizabeth Wheeler.Song "Shining" Evyline TingleGeneva Fightmaster, Mary Ruth Roberts and Lucille Chipley.Recitation'Bob and the Bible"'Carl Fields.Recitation "Young Timothy"Leonard Fronk.Song "Birds, Butterflies and Children" Mrs. Freeman's Class.Recitation "The Baby Moses"William Fronk, Elizabeth Taylor, M. J.Heller, Thelma Robinson, Nellie Tingle, Eloise Alexnder, Hildreth Reeseand Frank Roebuck.Song "Rockaby" Imogene Alexander, Virginia Tingle and Ethel MayShanklin.Recitation" The Child Jesus,"Ruth Ella Wheeler and Dorothy Tingle. Recitation "Children's Day" Elizabeth Lilleston.Scripture Lesson and Song TwoOld Women.Baptism of babies.Recitation "Our Land for Christ"Ida Lee r, Allene Cabler, Vir-ji'fl' . Rosana Ruttencutter,'x .m Wills, Bourbon Roebuck,jcrnice Calvert.Mary Sandusky, HelenFaris and Elizabteh Rule.Song "Hozanna" Mrs. Flora's andMiss Lula Ford's classes.Recitation "A Puzzling Question"Marion Galloway.Song "Throw Open all the Windows" The entire school.Supsrintendent's Talk.Collection.Benediction.It's Too Hot to Get Mad.Give us your order in the afternoonbefore and you will have your goodsin plenty of time lor dinner.It C. P. COOK & CO.Oklahoma Town Prospering.Mr. J. Simins Wilson has returnedfrom a business trip to Oklahoma,where he went to look after his interests in Pensacola, Okla., the townwhich has been opened within thepast few months on Mr. Wilson's land,and which has had such a phenomenalgrowth.A telephone .exchange, a weeklynewspaper and a bank are among therecent improvemeuts to the totown,besides a number of substantial business liouses and residences are inproces of erection.Japanese paper umbrellas and lanterns are waterproofed with oil extracted from the rubber plant seed.Stringent Austrian Building Laws.Austrian laws require that dwellingsand business houses be built of solidmaterial from interior to exterior.Building regulations in Austria arevery strict and are rigidly enforced.Interior walls there are chiefly of plaster and concrete, but bricks and lathsare much. used.v A Fire Proof Garage.If you are contemplating building agarage you should first see A. J. Feewho is agent for the American Sectional Garage Co., of Detroit. Thisgarage is portable, fire proof and isguaranteed to give satisfction. Readthe advertisement in another column.IRRIGATED LANDSNear Yellowstone to Be Openedthe Government.ByThe United States ReclamationService announces the availability forhomestead entry some excellent irrigated farms in the well known 'Shoshone irrigation project near the Yellowstone Park in Wyoming and in theHuntley and Belle Fourche projectsin Montana and South Dakota.Water is nowr ready for delivery tothese farms, and under the new threeyear homestead law a liberal inducement is accorded settlers in that theyare permitted five months' leave of absence in each year. The cost of thewater right is payable in ten annualinstallments without interest.In al the foregoing districts thereare already splendid transportationfacilities, good roads, schools, stores,churches of practically all denominations and rural free delivery. Forthose with sufficient means to comr.'once farming operations this offersan excellent opportunity to work outoups independence and to develop apaying farm.Mr. Albert V. Leonard, SettlementAgent of the reclamation serviceFederal Bldg., Chicago, has availablefor distribution several descriptivepampniets concerning these projectsand wil be glad to furnish them uponrequest.DEATHS AND FUNERALSBUSH CURRY.,CThe marriage of Miss Ruby Bush,the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. ChristyG. Bush, of Winchester, to Mr. G. A.Curry, of Paris, was solemnized at thehome of the Rev. Father Herbert Hill-enmeyer, at Winchester, Thursdaynight at 8 o'clock.The bride wore a becoming tailoredsuit of tan, with hat, gloves and shoesto match. She posesses a lovely disposition, and is popular with all whoknow her.Mr.Curry is associated with the Kentucky Central Life Insurance Companywith headquarters at Paris, where thecouple will reside. He is a son of Mrs.A. T. Curry, and is a worthy and popular young gentleman.Mr. and Mrs. Curry left at once fortheir home in Paris,accompanied by ashower of congratulations and goodwishes. iAttendants at the ceremony were:Mises Margaret and Mary Curry andMis Frances Bush.viiBorn, near this city, on Fridaymorning, May 16, to the wife of Mr.James Woodford, nee Duke, of Mason, County, a daughter, Anna DukeWodford.Garden Hose.We have a big stock of garden hoseand all kinds of nozzles. Telephoneus your order; all sizes and prices.JOHN J. CONNELLY, '16-9t The Plumber.For Summer Wear.Men's, women's and children's lowshoes in tans and patent leather. Justthe thing for these warm days. TheNettleton and Hanan makes for mencan't be beat the world over. We canfit you in any size.6tf GEO. McWILLIAMS.The Shoe Man.Cure For Stomach Trouble.Disorders of the stomach may beavoided by the use of Chamberlain'sTablets. Many very remarkablecures have been made by these tabletsSold by all dealers.Porto Rico's New Wonder.From far-away Porto Rico come reports of a wonderful new ddiscoverythat is believed will vastly benefit thepeople. Raymond T. Marchan, ofBarceloneta, writes: "Dr. King's NewDiscovery is doing splendid workhere. It cured me about five timesof terible coughs and colds, also mybrother of a severe cold in his chest,and more than 20 other, who used iton my advice. We hope this greatmedicine wil yet be sold in every drugstore in Porto Rico." For ihroat andlung troubles it has no equal. A trialwil convince you of its. merits. 50c$1.00. Trial bottle free. Guaranteedby Oberdorfer.Stonewall Jackson.The New York World of May 2N, contained the following:Fifty years ago to-night there fellmortally wounded at Chancellorsvilleone of the great captains of the English-speakingraces.Lee, Who called Stonewall Jacksonhis strong right arm, once said hewould have won Gettysburg if Jacksonhad been there. Be that as it may, thealmost uninterrupted victories of theArmy of Northern Virginia endedwhen Jackson passed away. Chancel-loVsville marked the flood-tide of theConfederate arms. Two months latercame Gettysburg and from thence onto Appomatox Lee's forces, despite alltheir marvelous courage and tenacy,were never again invincible.Jackson place in military history isunique. Most great reputations weremade by long years of service. Hiscareer was compressed into" a scantytwenty two months from that day inJuly, 1861, when Bee pointed to him"standing like a stonewall" at BullRun, to the early May day in 1863,when he marched his corps around theSIright flank and gave the Confederacyits most brilliant victory only to fallunder the flre of his own men.A terrible partnership was that between the Cavalier and the Puritan;between Lee, who embodied the chivalry of Virginia, and Jackson who wasthe direct spiritual descendant of themen that fought under Cromwell atNaseby. In all crises the two menseemed to fight with a single brainand a single purpose, destitute alikeof the jealousy and intrigue that allbut wrecked the army of the Potomac. Jackson presents a strange, appealing figure on the pages of history. Hewas as gentle and gracious as-Lee. assilent and tactiturn as Grant, as daring and audacious as Stuart or Sheri-dan.as relentless as Sherman,and withit all there was an intensely religiousfervor that belonged to the seventeenth century rather than the nineenh.The war to him was a holy war. Hewent to battle with a prayer on hislips.and he went from the battle togive thanks to God who had crownedhis army with victoryAppealing from his native sodIn forma pauperis to God,"Yay bare thine arm stretch forththythy rod.Amen!" Thafs Stonewall's way.Even the bullets that struck himdown he regarded as providentiallydirected by a definite Divine purpose.There is, no more mendacious phrasethan that of "a born soldier," buthere was a man who was beyond question a born soldier a soldier whohated war, who was dazzled neitherby ambition nor glory, who fought forprinciple and principle alone andwhose military genius was elemental.Peace to his ashes. A united nationcan be proud that he was numberedmmamong her sons.It is one thing to make sodacrackers that are occasionallygood. xIt is quite another thing tomake .them so that they arealways better than all othersoda crackers, always of unvarying goodness.The name "Unee da" stamped onevery biscuit means that if a millionpackages of Uneeda Biscuit wereplaced before you, you could chooseany one of them, confident that everysoda cracker in that package wouldbe as good as the best Uneeda Biscuitever baked. Five cents.NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANYSurveying in Perry County.ikH. L. Whaley, of Paris, left Friday for Hazard, Perry county, to survey about 10,000 acres of. timber andcoal lands for a land company and willbe joined in a few days by Mr. Lee T.Beall and Mr. Cassius M. Clay, Jr.The land is located on TroublesomeCreek.Increase in German Navy.There has been a steady increase ofthe navy in Germany. In 1900 he tonnage of warships and large cruisersover 5,000 tons was 152,000; in 1911it was 823,000. The number of heavyguns in 1900 was 52; in 1911 was 330.The horsepower of engines in 1900was 160,000; in 1911 it was 1,05,000.fsmatt Shoes For Paris Women.FtiHkBkkLVWomen's Patent Leather onestrap Pnmp, just like illustration. Our No. 1410 black Suedeinstep, strap and top facing-,soles are hand-turned, mediumtoe with no tip. This is a dressy and neat Summer Shoe forstreet wear. Priced excellentlyat 35.00.RASH &GOOD SHOES264 W. MAIN ST,, - -I JHBftWlAXMVfc-titsff jfellifvv ii" Ayr f jrfc-'T -,.... v-.'-.j.vix?.yl'll .4e3f. J-H6.' -Si .-- " TOS'jA.W.I VcHECK ON OUR BANK IS ARECEIPTHow many times have you lost a receipt? How manytimes, neither debtor.nor creditor could remember. If yourwife pays all her bills wrh GHEGKS, she has a REGEIPTfor every one of her bills. It saves a lot of time and troublefor your wife to pay the household bills that way and we arehelping her to keep her accounts straight and to EGONOMIZE. Make OUR bank YOUR bank.We pay 3 per Cent interest on Savings. -DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS,Capital, $100,000.00; Surplus, $40,000.00.J. M. HALL, President.-L. & N. Sued by Paint Lick Citizens-Eight suits for an aggregate of $40,000 have been filed in Lancasteragainst the Louisville & Nashvillerailroad company for damages allegedto have been sustained by thecitizensof Paint Lick from the flood of lastMarch, due as alleged to the companyhaving negligently constructed abridge directly east of the town in.such a manner as to divert the Avaterof Paint Lick Creek from its naturalchannel so as to flow through the village to the injury of the plaintiffs.The suits are as follows: Fish &.Hammack, ?10,000; Guy Rice, $10,000;Tread way & Woods, $5,000; G. WGonn, $6,000; J. M. Metcalfe, $3,000;Martha Ely, $2,500; O. L. Hammack,,$2,000, and Catherine Ely, $2,000.iHundreds of Paris womenhave acquired the habit ofcoming- to Lexington to buytheir footwear from Rash &Clay, because they have foundfrom experience that OURSHOE SERVICE is a littlebetter than they can get elsewhere in Central Kentucky.If 3ou are not a reirular customerof ours, why not TRY US ONCE.You'll find we have the Shoes you.want striking shapss in all goodleathers.We are careful that every shape weshow is a shape that spells comfort tothe feet, as well as satisfaction to thee e and every pair of Shoes we offerou is a good pair of Shoes rightlypriced from $2.50 to $6.1;CLAY, Inc.FOR EVERYBODY- - LEXINGTON, KYtGIVEYOUR WIFE ABANK ACCOUNTSHE CAN PAYER BILLS WITHCHECKS AND KEEPA CHECK ON HERBILLSt3K &...fIC. K. THOMAS. CASHIER.,"- -ik- !)Ax.s'$Z2$A,Amf"A)B&""Fv iffiE BOURBON NEWS.-fcS JirALWAYS Hc " f,fJFOR SUMMER USE.Crex Rugs, PorchSwings, Hammocks,Yard Swings, VudorShades, Refrigerators. Save you money.J.T. HINTON.Richmond Gets Next Meeting.At the close of the Grand Council ofRed Men of Kentucky, in Lexington,Richmond was chosen as the place ofmeeting next year.Graduating Gifts.We have a beautiful selection ofgraduating giftsrsuch as hooks, fancypicture frames, etc. Come in and lookthem over.6tf PARIS.BOOK STORE.Boy's Arm Broken.Bascom Arnold, the ten-year-old sonof Mr. and Mrs. S. B. Arnold, residingon South High street, while playing ballwith a number of companions, fell andsurtained a fracture of the left arm.-"Wins Diamond Ring..Iiss Mona Ross, of this city, wast 3 successful candidate in the queenc ntest at the Fraternal BrotherhoodCarnival held last week, winning a diamond ring.Leg Broken by rail.43rfis Alice Adair, the twelve-year-olddaughter of Mr. and Mrs. A. P. Adair,riding a pony near the home of herparent, near Ewalt's Cross Roads, oneday last week, fell from the animal andsustained a fracture of the left leg.You Will Be Plsased.Get shoe satisfaction by tradinjattf FELD'S.Suits $15 and $18.See our Blue Serge Norfolk suits at$15 and $18 before you buy. They arethe latest thing. We will save youmoney.16-tf HIGGINS & FLANAGAN.Accepts New Position.Miss Nancy Robertson has resignedher position as assistant chief operator at the BourbonHome TelephoneCo. to accept a position at the storeof Mr. S. E. Borland. Miss Robertsonsucceeds Mrs. Noah Clark, who hasresigned.Porch Swings.For a. good substantial and ornamental porch swing give us a call.This swing will cost you but littlemoney and you will wonder how youdid without it so long.20-4t LAVIN & CONXELL.Attempted Burglary.Burglars entered the residence ofMr. S. M. Evans on Second street Sunday night, but were frightened awaybefore securing anything. An entrance was effected through one of therear windows and the intruder in hishurry to get awy, left his coat whichis in the hands of the police.Save the Delivery Boy.Give us your order the afternoon before and we'll have your goods in plenty of time for dinner.It C. P. COOK & CO.Grass Seed Crop Short.While the recent rains will have theeffect of making the crop of grassseed larger than was first anticipated,the crop this year will be light compared with that of last year whichwas unprecedented. Farmers are getting busy looking toward the harvesting of the crop and are putting theirseed strippers in condition.Fiftieth Combination Sale.Oldham's Fiftieth Combination Sajeof Lexington Real Estate.better knownas the Jubilee Sale, consisting of overtwenty pieces of business, residenceand investment properties, takes placeTuesday afternoon, May 27. Automobiles and carriages for all Bourboncounty people. Met me at 10S WestShort Street at 1:30 o'clock, sharp.C. K. OLDHAM,20-3t - - Auctioneer." Paris Physician an Officer.At the annual meeting of the Kentucky Osteopathic Association held inLouisvillt last week,Dr. Martha Petreeof Paris, as elected Secretary and, treasurer'of the association. Themeeting was concluded Friday afternoon with the eiection of officers, asfollows: President, Dr. G. W. Parker,Madisonville; vice president Dr. R. H.Miller, of Bardstown; secretary andtreasurer, Dr. Marfha Petree, of Paris;The Association will meet again "inLouisville in 1914.Will Erect New Storeroom.Mr. Walker Muir is planning toprect a new two-story brick businesshoues and flat building on the lot onSouth Main street, recenly purchased;from Dr. D. S. Henry.When compleed the house wil be occupied by Mr. J. D. Burnaw, of Paris,who will open with a stock of stapleand fancy groceries. Mr. and Mrs.Burnaw wil also occupy the flat on thesecond florr as adwelling.xtta -rr, .e Tr?o -iT.ia ownrdpfl !wuuus Diua,, ul ittiw, i ....the contract for the excavation anastone work, and. George Determanwil build the brick work.For Sale.Camping outfit, complete in every"detail. WH1 sell cheap. Apply to- J. T. MATTOX,12-St - Paris, Ky.SOCIAL AND "PERSONALJ. R. McDermott spent Sunday inCincinnati.Mrs. MillerWard was a visitor inLexington Saturday.Miss Mary Foster, of Covington, isthe guest of Miss Martha Ferguson.Mr.J. A. Bower returned last nightfrom a visit to his little son at FernBank, O.Attorney Ray Mann, of Louisville,is visiting his mother, Mrs. Kate Mann,in this city.Mr. Edward Spears left yesterdaymorning for Canada, where he willspend the summer. .Miss Thresa McDermott.of Louisville, is the guest ofUier mother, Mrs.Maggie McDermott.Mr. Davis Hutchcraft, of Louisville, is visiting his parents, Mr. andMrs. J. P. Hutchcraft.Miss Emma Nita Morford, ofEwing, is the guest of Miss SidneyBurris, near Little-Rock.Mrs. J. V. Lytle, of Maysville, isvisiting her son, Mr. O. G. Lytle andfamily on South Main street.Mrs. Howard Carpenter, who hasbeen visiting in this city has returned to her home in Flemingsburg.Messrs. William B. Ardery andVirgil Gaitskill left yesterday for afishing trip on the Kentucky River.Mrs. Wiliiam B. Ardery and babyspent Saturday with her parents, Rev.and Mrs. I. J. Spencer in Lexington.Prof. F. C. Button, of Frankfort,Assistant State Supervisor of RuralSchools was a visitor in Paris Friday.Mrs. Kate Kinder and son, Mr.Thomas Butler returned yesterday after several months stay at St. Petersburg, Fla.Misses Tillie and Rebecca Jaynes,who spent the winter in OklahomaCity, Okla., have located at Fresno,California.Mrs. W. T. Redmon, of this citywas operated on Thursday at the GoodSamaritan Hospital, in Lexingon forappendicitis.Mrs. M. F. Lowry, who has beenquite ill at her home on Pleasantstreet, suffering with an attack ofpneumonia, is improving.Cynthiana Log Cabin: "Mrs. Jno.Keller returned honj from Paris,Wednesday morning, after a visit toher son, Mr. George Keller."Mrs. Helen Fcrsyth, co-principalof the Virginia K. Johnson Home, atDallas, Texas, is visiting her mother,Mrs. Nancy Myers in this city.Mrs. WJthers Davis and littledaughter, Artne Jouett, returned homeyesterday after a weeks' visit to theformer's parents, Hon. and Mrs. E. S.ijuucll, in iuuibviiit;.Misses Frances Hancock, Neil(jiuiunei uiiu niiii it: auiuul uuiiiposeua house party entertained by Miss Mildred Lyle at her home near this citylast week.Mrs. Geo. S. Hamilton and nephew, John Steel Sweeney, Jr., who havebeen the guests of the former's motherer, Mrs. Alice Sweeney, in thiscity, returned Friday to their homein Two Rivers, Wisconsin.Mrs. W. L. Yerges was hostess tothe Six-Hand Euchre Club Friday afternoon at her home on South Mainstreet. Ices, cakes and candy wereserved to the following guests: Mrs.Catesby Woodford, Mrs BucknerWoodford, Jr., Mrs. Warren Rogers,Mrs. Laura Wiggins, Mrs. Amos Turney, Mrs. Jesse Turney, Mrs. T. H.Tarr, Mrs. B. A. Frank, Miss MaymeSpears, Mrs. W. T. Talbott and Mrs.Hugh Montgomery.At her elegnt country home "TheHeights," near Austerlitz Friday afternoon, Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay, Jr.,entertained the members of the Sewing Club. The rooms were beautifiedby the use of a profusion of gardenflowers and a delightful luncheon wasserved at one o'clock. The affair wasone of the most delightful of the summer season and those who enjoyed thehospitality of Mrs. Clay were as follows: Ms. N. F. Brent Mrs. Brice Steele,Mrs. Woodford Spears, Mrs. W. E. Ellis, Mrs. C. M. Clay, Miss Lucy Simms,Mrs. J. T. Vansant, Mrs. Harry Clay,Mrs. Will Gay, Mrs. Hume Payne,Mrs. 'Frederick A. Wallis, Mrs. Thos.H. Clay, Miss Elizabeth Grimes andMrs. Robert C. Talbott.The year book of the Paris Literary Society has just been issued. Thegeneral subjects for the work of theyear are on Scandanavia and Civicsand the program includes some veryI interesting topics, which give promisezZ a v-;7y delightful year's study. Theofficers are President, Miss LucyBlythe Simms; First Vice President,Mrs. Charlton Alexander; Second VicePresident, Mrs. J. Walter Payne; Secretary, Miss Nancy Griffith; Treasurer,Miss Laura M. Lilleston; Auditor, Mrs.Catesby Woodford, Jr The committees of'ihe club are as follows:Program Miss Blanche Lilleston,Mrs. Catesby Woodford, Jr., Mrs. AmosTurney, Jr. ,Civic Miss Nellie Buckner, 'Mrs. J.T. Vansant, Miss Margaret Steele, andMrs. W. O. Hinton.Press Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraft and Miss Rachel Wiggins.Lecture Mrs. William G. Talbottand Mrs. Harry B. Clay.Forestry Mrs.Robert C. Talbott andMrs. Osslan Edwards.Civil Service Reform Mrs. WilliamMyall and Mrs. John Lyle.Education Mrs.R.B. Hutchcraft andMrs. John Lyle.Art Mrs. Frank P. Lowry and Mrs.J. D. Burnaugh.Legislation Mrs. E. F. Clay, MissAnnie May and Hrs. W. B. Ardery.Waterways Mrs. J. Simms Wilsonand Mrs. H. A. Power.Industrial and Child Labor Mrs.Thomas Henry Clay, Jr., and Mrs. Jno.. j,, ijaVISReception' Mrs. Lou K. Williams,Mrs. Withers Davis, Mrs. Edward F.Prichard, Miss Sallie Lockhart andMrs. White Varden.Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraft entertained with a beautiful dinner at theCountry Club near Lexington Fridayevening in honor of Mr and Mrs. ClayGoodloe. of Lexington, whohave recent-I ly returned from their wedding trip.The party colors were pink and whiteand the table was exquisite in decorations of baskets of pink Killarneyroses, pink shaded candles,, daintyconfections in the colors and beautifullittle place cards in bridal designs ofslippers, wedding bells, hearts,etc.A delicious dinner in many courseswas served. lMr. and Mrs. C. O. Hinton andtwo children were visitors several dayslast weekin Cincinnati. Mrs. Hintonlast week in Cincinati. Mrs. Hintcamonth's visit to Boston, Mass., LiHinton returning to Paris.White Footwear Specials.For women, misses and children.Best values.DAN COHEN,It Bargain Shoe Store.Examined for Teachers.An examination for teachers certificates was held Friday and Saturday inthe office of tlie county superintendent,Miss Mabel Robbins at the court houseThe following took the examination:Misses Amelia Custer, Gertrude Bramel, Ida Mae Erion, Nora and Lena Hutson and Millie and Amanda Rummans.The examination for colored techerswill be held at the same place nextFriday and Saturday.A Correctin.An error in some unaccountablecrept into the notice of the birth at thehome of Mr. and Mrs. John Davis. Inthis notice we had it a ten poud daughter, when it should have been a sonJohn Lockhart Davis.I The Health andg Comfort of yourFamily insist thatI Yon use Electric sLight.Electricity willncreaseComfort andLighten the labori m2In your home.For full information, seeELECTRIC GO. iIncorporated.$FOR RENT.One furnished room for rent at 407Pleasant street. Bath and light furnished. Apply to the Alamo doorkeeper. lt-pdWanted to BuyAbout fifty stock hogs, weight 50to 100 pounds.13-3t I. D. THOMPSON.FOR RENT.Brick house of five rooms on Highstreet, near the Bourbon garage. Willbe vacant the first of next week. Apply toJ. T. HINTON.Mr. Auto OwnerQuit PayingGarage BillsAn artistic structure for private use. Gives protectionfrom lhieves or joy riders.The side walls and roof ofheavily galvanized sheetsteel.Comes ready to set up. Allparts cut and fitted. Absolutely rust-proof. Saves $20 'to $30 monthly in garage.Prompt, safe delivery andsatisfaction guaranteed.American Sectional Garage Co215-219 Stevens Building,DETROIT, MICH.A. J. FEE, Agent,Paris, Ky.PARIS6Health a Factor inSuccess.The largest factor contributing to- aman's, success is undoubtedly healthIt has been observed that a man is seldom sick when his bowels are regular.He is never well when he is constipated. For constipation will findnothing quite so god as Chamberlain'sTablets. They not only move thebowels but improve the appetite andstrengthen the digestion. They aresold by all dealers.GIVE AKODAKCommeacememNo present- will be moreappreciated or useful to theyoung- graduate.We. have a full line ofKodaks from $5.00 to $20.00;Brownie Cameras, $1.00 to$12.00.Catalog upon request.,MEJ. T. MINTOflWood MantelsV Ltfvi I rti4'nrii"ttvi4-i m wjiiinigiiLciiiciii.WE HAVE THE NEWEST INWhite Materials, such as Voiles, Crepe Voiles,Mulls, &c, &c.Embroidered Flouncings and Banns to match.Laces in narrow, as well as the 27-inch and 45-inchwidths.White Charmense in Plain and Brocade.All the accessories to make the commencement andSummer Outfit Complete.Our Stock of Trimmings is Enormous.We Can Please You.JW. Ed.69901mSczst Venn. 2SS.Suitable GiftsBar Pins -VanitiesLong ChainsFansRingsMesh BagsLavalliersLocketsHat PinsCoat Chains999mWe Carry a SpecialirGoods of Quality'Sterling Silver, GoldFilled, and Solid Gold.We will receive this week another large assortment of Sterling SilverVpairThey have made a"THE HOUSESHIRE &3$ee99$f$a$&&$&$9s$&e$9ef3tes&e99stjQUALITYTells the Whole StoryPrice Without QualityIVleans Nothing ...INMAN BED ROOM FURNITURECouples PRICE with QUALITY andgives you the very best values obtainable for the money you invest. ForWhen you buy this kind of Furnitureit is an investment. Every piece isguaranteed. We carry a full line in allwoods.SAVES YOU MONEYUndertaking91ITucker.tiMiniMtnnmtjfcome 130,for GraduationFriendship CirclesBracelett WatchesPocket KnivesCoin CasesFobsAssortment ofin the above list inHat ins to retail for 50c aBIG HIT.OF QUALITY."FITHIAN&AmbulanceJ- is-Vin"A.7frRailroad Fare RefundedOn Purchases Amountingto $30 and OverdoCustomers Within a Radiusof 30 MilesjwisLWATSONRailroad fare ReflatedOn -Purchases Amountingto $30, or Over toCustomers Within a Radiusof 30 Miles."?tsif".v Si1 14-1 16N. Upper St., Lexington, Ky.GREATDUCTION SALE!Began Yesterday, May 19, at 9 a. m.WE have inaugurated the greatest value giving sale ever attempted in Central Kentucky. This Reduction Sale has been forced by circumstance uncontrollableby us, namely the dely of merchandise for early selling caused by strikes and floods, a backward season and lastly by important building operations in ourvicinity which has caused much inconvenience to our patrons and customers. We have therefore decided to clear our shelves of all this season's desirable merchandise by sacrificing our own profits, thereby giving our patrons the opportunity to lay in a supply of desirable clothing and household necessities at very economicalprices. Come early and stay late and enjoy thisGreat Feast of the Highest-Class of Ladies' Merchandise EverOffered at Such Sacrificed Price Reductions.irRemember the Date, Monday, Mat 19th, at 9 a. m.Spring and Summer Outergarments forLadies and Misses of FashionTT Every garment of our high-class Ladies' and Misses'jj Outergarments, including all Suits, Coats, Waists andWool Silk, Wash and Lingerie Dresses, Muslin Underwearand Kimonas are all greatly reduced in price to effect aquick clearance. You can save many dollars by buyingfrom our stock what you need for your present and futureuse. Our prices are beyond comparison as our Ready-to-Weargarments are always marked lower than elsewhere.Only the very best of fabrics used in these superior garments. Get in early while the assortment is large and enjoythe greatest bargain feast ever held by any one at thisseason of the year.Seasonable SilksSILK FAILLES A beautiful farbricmuch, in demand. Cubist designson blue, copen, tan and graygrounds. A 75c value. ReductionSale Price, per yard 43cCHENEY FOULARDS 44 incheswide. Regular price $2 and $2.50 ayard. Some with borders and inpattern lengths only, choice, whilethey last during Reduction Sale, peryard 89cPRINT. WARP . MESSALINES 25inches wide. A most desirable fabric for dresses and waists. Lightand dark grounds. Regular 'price$1.00 and $1.25 a yard. ReductionSale Price, per yard 89cSlLK SERGES, STRIPED ANDPLAIN MESSALINES 36 incheswide. Complete color assortment ofplain Messalines. Large and variedline of colors in Serges and stripedMessalines. Regular price $1.00 and$1.25 a yard. Reduction Sale Price,'per yard 87cCHARM EUSE A most desirable fabric in a large color assortment. Justthe thing for dresses, wraps, etc,Regular price $1.75, $2 and $2.25,$2.50 and $3.00. Reruction Sale Price,S1.49, $1.79, $2.19.CREPE DE CHENE-A very hpavyquality; beautiful texture. A widechoice of colors. Reduction SalePrice, per yard 89cCREPE METEORS 44 inches wide,jn a beautiful color assortment.Regular price $2.50 a yard. Reduction Sale Price, per yard $189HIGH CLASS SILK DRESS PATTERNS Consisting of all the latestnovelties in crepe de chene, crepemeteors, canton crepes, an,d charmeuse. Many brocaded. ReductionSale Price 1-4 OFFColored and BlackDress GoodsDress- Goods that have the sanctionof fashionable dressed women as wellas those who want durability as wellas style. We have an immense stockof the most beautiful fabrics whichwe are going to sacrifice. You cannot afford to pass up these greatvalues.SHEPARDS CHECKS In blue andblack checks, 36 inches wide andan excellent value. Reduction SalePrice, per yard 43cSTORM SERGES 36 inches wide. Avery excellent all-wool serge. Comesin a good line of colors. ReductionSale Price, per yard 43cLIGHT WEIGHT DIAGONALS Fordresses and light weight coats, 45inches wide. Light colors only. Regular price $1.50 and $2.00 a yard.Reduction Sale Price, per yard. .69cFRENCH CH ALLIES One oft themost sought after materials fordresses. Over 50 patterns fromwhich to make a choice, in all thenew colors, worth 75 cents a yard,Reduction Sale Price, per yard. .53c$1.50 AND $1.75 SUITINGS Plainand fancy suitings in a very largeassortment of materials and colors.Your choice at ...$1.19$2.00 SUITINGS Every piece" of suiting must go. Plain and fancy in allthe leading colors. Choice per yard' $1.51Special, prices., on. all white andblack dress goods and suitings. .Don'tfail to see these wonderful values.Fashionable WashFabrics for Summer ServiceFabrics that fashionable dressed women demand fabrics that can stan,dthe tub- and keep their color. Wehave one of the largest and variedlines of plain and fancy iabrics to beseen anywhere at the lowest price obtainable. GINGMAMS 92c Every piece of 12y2and 15c ginghams must be closedout. Your choice of two hundredpieces, per yard 9y2c36 INCH PERCALES 9y2c 150 piecesof light and dark grounds. Regular' price 12y2c. Your choice per yard92cSERPENTINE, ..MERMAID ..AND. RIPPLETTE CREPES Plain andfancy designs for kimonas. Regular 17c to 20c. Choice per yard14cGALETES 32 inches wide, in solidsand stripes. Regular price 17 y2c.Choice per yard 14cCORDUROYS A large and variedstock to choose from at21, 29 and 39cFRENCH GINGHAMS 200 patternsand solid colors. Regular price 25c.Your choice, per yard 19cSECO SILK CREPES A silk and cotton crepe in a large range of evening and street shades. Regular price35 cents. Your choice per "yard 29cSILK AND STRIPED RATINE Abeautiful lustrous fabric. Regularprice 50 cents. Your choice peryard 43cVOILES A large collection of voiles,worth up to 50 cents. Choice peryard 11cCALICOES All standard prints. Regular price 7c and 8 l-3c. Yourchoice, per yard 5cDresses For All OccasionsDresses that you will want when you see them.For any occasions we can supply you house dresses,street dresses or for evening wear we have them atsuch low prices that you cannot afford to pass bywithout purchasing one or more of these greatvalues.We have placed four prices on all of our wooldresses.. Seventy-five neat dresses in serges,eponges, bedford cords, etc., that sold from $6 to$22.50. During this sale your choice at$4.55, $6.25, $9.95, $13.75.SILK DRESSES 10 silk dresses of messaline, pongee and taffeta. Good style and sold up to $30.' Choice during this sale $3.25CREPE DE CHINE and METEOR DRESSES Thevery best materials used in these great dresses.Made of the most fashionable of materials andtastily trimmed and sold up to $27.50. Comes innavy, taupe, vistiria, tan, brown, black, and white.Choice during this sale $15.25SILK POPLINS and MESSALINES Regular price$10 and $12.50. Good color assortment. Choiceduring this sale $7.75A large lot of silk poplins, messaline, charmeuse,foulard, pongee and brocaded peau de cygnedresses that sold up. to $18.50. Choice during thissale $10.75HOUSE DRESSES The very best house dressesmade of percale, calico and ginghams. Regularprice $1.00 and $1.25. During this sale yourchoice at ..- 79c and 98oA choice lot ol corduroy, linen and 'gingham dresses.Regular price $3.50 and $4.00. During this saleyour choice at , . . . $2.95Twenty-five choice linen and corduroy dresses inwhite, pink, blue and tan. Regular price $5 and$5.50. During this sale your choice at.... $4.25Summer Time is Embroidery TimeDAINTY EDGES and INSERTIONS AT 8c Many ofthese sold as high as 50 cents a yard. Slightlysoiled and must be disposed of, thus this very lowprice.EDGES AND INSERTIONS Composing of a veryselect assortment of Swiss and nainsook. All ofour 25c, 35c and 50c embroideries go during thisgreat sale at 19c, 29c and 39c27 AND 45 INCH FLOUNCINGS Beautiful designsin a very large assortment of patterns. Regularprice $1.50 and $1.75 a yard. Choice during thissale $1.3345 INCH FLOUNCINGS Regular price $2.00 a yard.Handsome embroidered and batiste and othersheer material. During this sale your choice at$1.59Special prices on all Galloons and other Flounc-ings.Dainty White Goods27 inch check nainsooks, worth 10c and 12y2c, choicea yard 8 1-3cExtra good quality India linen 8 1-3c40 inch white batiste, worth 121.c and 15c a yard,at ". 10!2cPajama checks, 36 inches wide, worth 12y2c and 15c,a yard ' 11c40 inch mercerised batiste, worth 25c, a yard. . 19cWhite striped crepe, 28 inches wide, regular price35c, a yard & 29cChecked flaxons in 50 different patterns, regularprice 25c and 29c, choice a yard 21cChecked dimities at 14c, 19c, 29c.36 inch long cloth, 12 yards to bolt, regular price$1.50. During this sale your choice at $1.2945 inch nainsook, regular price $3.00 a bolt, 12 yardsto a bolt. During this sale at bolt $2.45DomesticsA good quality bleached cotton worth 8 l-3c to 10ca yard. During this sale, ten yards to a customer 5cHope cotton, a very heavy bleached muslin, regularprice 10c, a yard 8 1-3c36 inch Lonsdale sheeting, regular price 12y2c. During this sale, a yard 10c8-4 Pepperrell Sheeting, very heavy quality andbleached, a yard 24c9-4 Pepperrell bleached sheeting 27c10-4 Pepperrell bleached sheeting 29cBargains FromLinen Department.LINEN PONGEE 28 inches wide andmercerized. A great fabric fordresses, in a large range of colors.Regular price 35 cents. Choice peryard 29c36 NICH LINEN SUITINGS Extraheavy, in large range of colors, including white." Also several blackand white effects in checks, stripesand mixtures. Regular price 50c.Choice of these, per yard 39c54 INCH BELGIAN LINEN In a bigline of colors. Regular price 75 centsChoice per yard 59c64 INCH UNBLEACHED DEMASKAll linen. Regular price 50 and 60cents. Choice per yard 39c64 AND 72 INCH BLEACHED DAMASK Excellent quality. Regularprice $1.00. Choice per yard79 and 89c72 INCH BLEACHED DAMASK Extra heavy. Plain and fancy centers.Regular price $1.25. Choice per. Special prices on all Napkins, Scarfsyard $1.05and Table Sets.GLASS TOWELS 18x36 inches liemme3. Regular price $1.50 a dozen.During this Sale per dozen.. $1.19 iWHITE HUCH TOWELS 18x36inches. Extra good quality. During this Sale per dozen $1.15Tailored Suits..Every tailored suit must be disposed of at once.. We do not carrythese garments over from season toseason so you, can make big moneyby getting one of these high-classgarments at cost and less.A very handsomely lot of suits selling up to $22.50 in greys, tans, bluesand blacks. The best suit valueever offered. Choice of themwhile they last $13.75The best suit ever offered at such aprice. Our former prices were $25and $27.50. You would undoubtedlypaid $30 to $35 for these same suitselsewhere. "While they last yourchoice at $16.25All $30 and $32.50 suits go in thisSale at a very low price. All of these. suits are yours for $21.25All suits up to $35 go during thisgreat Reduction Sale at $23.25We have several suits that sold from$40 and up. These we offer duringthis Sale at $26.75Fashionable CoatsEvery woman demands a coat forsummer use. We have a splendidstock to choose from and at pricesyou cannot afford to pass by. .Comeand see these great garments atgreatly reduced prices.Thirty coats, mostl of blue and blackserge jthat sold for $15. Duringthis sale you can have your choiceof these at $12.55All coats that sold up to $35 duringthis Sale, your choice at $18.75..Special prices on all white coats,including polo and light weight coatsfor street or evening wear.Waist Special200 waists, made to sell for $1.25 and$1.00, in voile, batiste and crepe.Many trimmed in Bulgarian colors.Choice during this Sale at 98cWASH SILK WAISTS Regular price$3.50 and $4.00, in white and stripedeffects. Choice during this Sale at$2.95Muslin Underwearat ReducedPricesA high grade line of ladies' muslinunderwear at prices that astound youwhen you compare the quality withother garments..Ladies' muslin pants, trimmed, plainand with embroideries and laces.Excellent qualities21c, 39c, 47c, 69c.Gowns in profusion. Open neck orslip-overs. All handsomely trimmed47c, 69c, 89c, $1.09.Hand embroidered gowns, beautifulwork and something very exclusive$1.29, $2.39, $3.29.Princess slips that appeal to all, aredaintily trimmed89c, $1.09, $2.29.Corset covers in large quantities, alltrimmed in good taste. Some handembroidered21c, 39c, 47c, 69c, 89c.SKIRTS All new style and trimmedin laces and embroideries. Widerange to choose from69c, 89c, $1.39, $1.79.Wool Sweaters forOuting WearTwenty first class sweaters for outing wear. Comes in blacks, reds andand greys. Regular price $3.50.During this sale your choice of thesegreat sweaters at $2.9525 extra sweaters in reds and greys.Regular price $5 and $5.50. Duringthis sale your choice at $4.15Ladies' Knit UnderwearLADIES' VEST 8 1-3c An excellentvest that you will want. Worth12i6c to any one. All sizes. During this sale your choice at . . SJcLADIES' UNION SUITS, 45c Thevery best made, including the celebrated Carter Union Suits. Duringthis sale your choice in regular andout sizes at 45c and 65cGloves, Handkerchiefs, Hosiery,RibbonsLadies' 2-clap silk gloves in white andblack, and 2-clasp and 16-buttoncharmoisette gloves in white andyellow. During sale at 45CLADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS 7oCComprising a broken assortment ofhemstitched, initial and embroidered handkerchiefs, former price 25cwhile they last 71All Ladies', Children's and Men'sHose at reduced prices.Ladies silk hose, the famous "Onyx"brand, in white, black and tan. Regular price' 50c. During this sale. 3Pairs tor nnThis Sale Is Strictly For Cash.Money Refunded on All Purchases Proving Unsatisfactory. We Guarantee all Statements 'Made Mere.CORRECT IN EVERY DETAILEJ-,., ' -.. ' . - - a.Vje.,Bu4x.- -". ' i- -'j-9 T&Hu 'r: - .. f ,k &.- - .& v- ' . . - 1." .. . - . l-r -" & T c' o ' . W w AiiTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., MAY 20 1913All Skin Remedies Fail?Have you tried all the advertised.skin remedies without success? Haveyou sought medical treatment in vain?And you still suffer from that irritating itch, that horrible, unsightly, skindisease?Do not despair.Come to our store and we "will-GUARANTEE YOU INSTANT RELIEF. We will let you have a fullsize bottle of the D.D.D. Prescription-lor Eczema, a simple, antiseptic wash,on our positive guarantee that .unlessit stops the itch AT ONCE it .will costDANIELMade in Kentucky by CHAS. C."WE OWe're Now Showing Our PuHLirie ofSPRING MODELS!In the CelebratedSehloss Bros. & Co.High-Class Men's Suits.They Represent the New NorfoIks,the New English Cutand the Conservative Models, all BeautifullyTailored. PricesVanging'from $15 to $35just iixrOur complete line of Emerson Shoes,Hawes Van Gal Hats,Stetson Hats, Lion ShirtsTWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L WoIIstein, Propri or. ,Special Rates & Excursions.Eucursion to Cincinnati, Ohio,.and returnSunday, may im$1.50 BOUND TRIPThis train leaves Paris at 7:50 a.m., arriving Cincinnati 10:30 a.m., returning leaves Fourth St.station, Cincinnati, at 7 p. m."Tickets good on special trainonly.Low round-trip Summer Tourist tickets to all Summer resortsin the North and Northwest onsale May 15 to Sept. 30. Finallimit date 31, 1913, with liberalstop-over privileges.For further information, callon or address.W. H. HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, T. A."W. N. Barkley Mrs. W. N. BarkleyWoman's Exchange & Cafe112 N. Upper Street,lexington9 KentuckyHome-made Cakes, Breads, Pies, Candies, Croquetts, Salads, Pickles, ChowChow. Ftc, received fresh daily.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Supper; also lunches and short oiders at allliours with the best the market affords.28mar6mo)per FtBKUUlSiGBflt. $1,000 to $100,000W. KING & SON,1Z5Z Cheapslde. Lexington, Ky.iRoxie" Dati$!Cbe Insurance AgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Siggest and Best Paying Companies.veOW "Nub" a Call.2Hellofl37 iyou not a cent. You owe it to yourself to take advantage of this offer.We are confident it will succeed or wocould not afford to make the offer.D.D.D. js a penetrating liquid thatkills and washes away disease germs,leaving the skin smooth and healthy.A 50c bottle is enough to start thecure of the most obstinate cases ofEczema, Psoriasis and allied diseases.D.D.D. soap is a valuable aid. Ask;us about ittGhas. ErButler&rsb"nrParis7 Ky,BOON AXLE GREASEAnd don'thave to greasebut once aweek.STOLL OIL CO. Lexington, Ky.Schange'sCandy Kitcken,119 S. Upper,LEXINGTON, KY.If You Want to Pat in WaterWorks in Your HouseOr Barn, or Bathroom Fixtures orFurnace, or Tin, Shingles or MetalRoofing, and all kinds of Tin Work,Guttering, Pipss, Filters, Water Tanks,Dipping Tanks, Sewerage Pipe andClay Flues. Concrete Work a Specialty. Give us a call.We also handle the American Fxe'dWite Fencing, and the best line 'ofCook Stoves, Oil Stoves and Heaterson the market, and all kinds of Hardware, Farming Tools, Grates andMantels, Screen Doors, Poultry Supplies, Harness of all kinds, the W. J.Oliver Plow, the best Plow on themarket. Horse Clippers, Cement,Lime, Paint and Oils.We buy the very best goods obtainable, and our prices are right.BEST & HAWKINS,4mar3mo Millersburg, Ky.FOR SALEResidence Property on WalkerAvenue. Adjoining BourbonCollege. Splendid Neighbor-hood.gBeautiful two Etory rframe house ofeight rooms, four halls, bath, pantrv,etc. Large corner lot, 60x212 feetGood stable and all necessary outbuild2ings. Some fruit.Will be sold worth the money. Possession at once. Look this over.S. E. BORLAND,11 tf Paris, Ky.typewritersRebuilt Hike new!Remington 6, $23SmithPrcmier 2, $23Remington 1 0, $40 .(latest Model)Smith Premier 10, $40(Latest Model)Monarch, $40Underwood 4, $40Underwood 5,$45Oliver 3, $40Oliver 5, $50LC Smith &Bro., $35We Handle Carbon Pacer Ribbons forall Makes.We Repair Typewriters.We have the Largest Stock in the U. S.The Joseph Candioto Co.149-151 N. Broadway -Lexington, Kentucky4 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDepositsYoui'DepositsAre GuaranteedY0D TAKE NO RISKSIf You Are InterestedWrite UsONION STATE BANKMuskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000fully PaidNotice of Application ForParole.This is to notifiy all men that the undersigned who was convicted at theMarch. 1908, term of the bourbon Circuit Court, wil applv to the Board ofPrison Commissioners at their meetingin June for a parole.3w RICHARD BROOKS.SEASON OF 1913.Egyptian BaronJSIIIITrial Over Track 3 SecondsSlow 2:09.Sire of Nancy Baldwin (4 2:29)4,trotted over slow track in 1912 in2:12)4; Beautiful Lady, two-year-oldtrial, 1912, 2:15, last half in 1:05;Nelson, 3-year-old trial of 2:18, lasthalf in 1:02.Sired bv Oakland Baron 2:09)4,Winner of Kentucky Futurity. Sireof Gail Hamilton 2:06X, Rhvthmic 2:06)4, Baron De Shay 2:08).Dam Egyptienne 2:18,by Mambrino King 1279.2d dam Bay Hambletonian,(dam of Egyptienne 2:18, Henrietta2:17, Fulano 2122)4) by Hambletonian 10.$25 to Insure a Living Coif.DOUGLAS THOMAS,Paris, Ky.The SanitaryShop!With all the latest devicesinstalled in my shop to makeit absolutely sanitary andclean, including' a PatentTowel Sterlizer, IndividualCups, Soap, etc., believe wehave the most modern shopin Paris. We have, just installed a new Porcelain Tuband an up-to-date Bathroom.Hot water at all times. ThreeBarbers, all experts. Wewould like to have yourtrade. I take this method ofsoliciting it. Is there a reason why we should not receive it? Respectfully,Russ Corbin.WANTEDDrivers Cincinnati Transfer Co.,stables Water and Plum'Streets. Thir-teen-fiftyper week. Steady employment, hauling freight from one depotto another.THE CINCINNATI TRANSFER CO6-3tHUSBAND RESCUEDDESPAIRING WIFEAfter Four Years of DiscouragingConditions, Mrs. Bollock GaveUp in Despair. HusbandCame to Rescue.Catron, Ky. In an interesting letterfrom this place, Mrs. Bettie Bullockwrites as follows : "I suffered for fouryears, with womanly troubles, and duringthis time, 1 could only sit up for a littlewhile, and could not walk anywhere atill. . At times, I would have severe painsIn my left side;Thejdoctor was called in, and his treatment relieved me for a while, but I wasloon confined to my bed again. AfterIbtt nothinf seemed to do me any good.Look to Truth for Progress.Progress by precedent is like asailor steering his boat today by hiscourse yesterday, or like a lost hunter guiding himself by his own footsteps; the result being, in both cases,that the only progress is in a circle.The past has its use, which is mostlyfor warning. To get on humanitymust not look to the past, not to thepresent, not to the future, but to truth,which is "the same yesterday, todayand forever."For Cane Seats.When cane bottomed seats sag,sponge both sides of the cane withhot soapsuds in which a handful ofsalt has been dissolved, then standthe chair in the open air. Treatedlike this, the seats will become as firmas when new, shrinking into place.Good Sleeper.Their political dispute, according tothe account in the Kansas City Star,had not been confined to words, andat last one of the antagonists, withgreat dignity, said to the other: "Sir,you have called me a crook and afool, you have broken my spectacles,you have punched me twice. I hopeyou will not rouse the sleeping lionin my breast, for if you should, I cannot tell what may be the consequences." Notoriety,The steer that gets crosswise in thejading chute may attract the mostattention, but it doesn't make any better beef than the rest of the herd.-Ziaryville Tribune.After Material.Editor "Why do you persist in coming here? I tell you I don't buy fiction." Author "Oh, I don't wish tosell any of my stories. I am writinga short serial, entitled 'The UgliestMan on Earth and came in merely toobtain local color."Wanted.A man who can furnish tpam andis desirous of building up a businessfur himself selling our complete lineof Medicines. Spices, Extracts, Soaos,Perfumes, Toilet Articles, Stock andPoultry Preparations 'through Bourbonand adjoining counties by wagon.Pleasant work, good wages. Address THE AMERICAN REMEDY CO.,8-3t Tiffin. O.SvJlREX WLiQiiifl Poultry Remedy 2Bc"Saves the Sick"For Cape, While Di-arjheoi,Roup,I,imher-:iclc ami all Poultryd 'eases. No Cure NoPti, It Torks whilethev root.DGV Liquid LiceXL-,J. Killer r;cHas no "equal" as alce, imta.:il prerm killer. Best wash for allsores and cuts-on allstock. Finest disinfectant for house stabledogf kennel and hen house. BY MAIL 30cTHE REX CHEMICAL CO., Newport, Ky.j SOLD BVVarden & Son, L A.Soper, IvittleRock,D. E. Clark & Co., Millersburg, Ky.tollof June)Itch! Itch! Itch!Constant itch. Intolerable agony,ECZEMA!A few drops of a mild, simple, washinstant , relief all skin k distressGONE. --B. D. D. Prescription for EczemaSounds too good to be true?"W&guarantee it. 1The first full size bottle free if D.D.D.1cannot reach, your case. For your,comfort's sake, it is worth a trial.Come in and let us tell you about it.lAlso about D,I.V, Soap it helps.I had gotten so weak I could not stand,'and I gave up in despair.At last, my husband got me a bottle ofCardui, the woman's tonic, and I commenced taking it. From the very firstdose, I could tell it was helping me. Ican now walk two miles without itstiring me, and am doing all my work."If you are all run down from womanlytroubles, don't give up in despair. TryCardui, the woman's tonic. It has helpedmore than a million women, in its 50years of continuous success, and shouldsurely help you, too. Your druggist hassold Cardui for years. He knows whatit will do. Ask him.- He will recommend it Begin taking Cardui today.Write tot ChatUaoo Medtdne Co.. ladlesAdvisory .Dept., Chattanooga, Term., for SvectalInstructions n your case and 64-pae book, ' HobmTreatment far Wwncn;" seat ia plain wrapper. Jfs&t r " .-h VHHvmva l mF. Wl SOPER, Manager1S5 IN. Limestone, Lexington, Ky.Telephone 1 852"Good Meats," "Right Prices"Why eat poor Meat when it injures your health and costsyou more good money than good meat? Buy the best, eatte best, have the best of health, andhenTyou live thebest. The best may be had by calling Union Meat Market, Phone 1852.iSPECIAL TRAIN EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURNSunday, MAY$.25RoundTripSPECIAL TRAINLeaves GEORGETOWN 7:45amASK TICKET AGENT FOR PARTICULARS.71111 msNotice! Poultry RaisersHE4-11-44CURESCholera. Gaoes, Limberneck, Roud, CanfcxxoBu;; o?r Diarrhoea and all Diseases or poultryMiss Katie Bryant, Bardstown, Ky., says: "I hay- used Reajx: 4-11-44 fcr years and tLkklt the bertpoultry remedy made. 1 1 cures gapes and limberneck without fad. , ti,Will Cootjcs, Bardstown. Ky.,says: "One drop of Recipe 4-11-44 dropped down the bill of a gapmchicken kills the worm and relieves the chick instantly, his the best preventive 1 have ever used.Mfg. and Guaranteed by J. Robt. Crume, Bardstown, Ky. Price 50c at all Druggists.SOLD BYChas. E. Butler & Co.Woodland Stock FarmHeadquarters For Draft HorsesDark Bay Horse, Weight 1,7000.Sired by Imported Gitter 5S803Dam by Imparted Queen 41490$15.00 To InsureBUSTER B. is a coming three yearold and a young stallion of markedsize and condition. He is the kindthat will appeal to your fancy andyou will make no mistake in breedingto him.The Above Horses vVill Make The Season of 1913 AtWoodlandAbout 7 miles north of Paris on the Cynthiana pikh. Money due when colbis foaled, mare transferred or brec to other-stock without my consent. Lienretained on all colts until shason money is paid. Care taken to prevent accidents but no responsibility assumed should any occur.STERLING HINKSON,! Lair, Ky.Ailing SkinEczema, Psoriasis, Dandruff, Pimples, skin troubles of any kind "WASHTHEM AWAY withD. D. D. Prescription for EczemaThis mild wash will bring: you inrtant relief from that awful itch.Prove it with a 30c bottle. TVe guarantee the regular $1.00 size bottle toend your ditress and begin your curec your money back. D.D.D. Soaphelps, too; ask us.Chas. E. Butlerl&ICo., Paris,;Ky,For Sale.Cutting harrow in first class condition. ."Apply to22-tf STUART & O'BRIEN.Kentucky Traction andTerminal Co.INTERURBAN SCHEDULELve. Lexington Lve. Parisfor Paris For Lexington.x6.00 am """ 6.45 a m7.20 a m x7.30 a mx8.00 a m 8.15 a m8.50 am x9.00 a m10.20 a m 9.45 a m11.50 a m 11.15 a m1.20 p m 12.45 p m2.50 p m 2.15 p m3.30 p m 3.45 p m4.20 p m S 4.30 p m5.00 p m 5.15 p m8.00 p m -v , , 6.00 p m7.20 p m 6.45 p m9.10 pm 8.15 pm, 11.00 p m 10.05 p mx Daily Except Sunday.& m m - w m m m r.1 .25RoundTripBUBLEYBlack Percheron. Weight 1760$15.00 To InsureBURLEY is a splendid specimen ofthe dratt horse and his get have proved to be of the very best. There is asteadily growing demand for the classof horpes produced by Burley, bothupon the farm and in the cities. Theycan stand more work than the aveagehorse. He is 7 years old, a beautifulblack, well formed and of the classthat catches the eye. In selecting ahorse to breed to pick one whose produce commands the best price.Stock Farm.down the throat of a "gapey"chicken destroys the wormsand saves the chick's life. Afew drops in the drinking waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPESwhite diarrhoea, roup, choleraand other chick diseases.One 50c Bottle ofBourbonPoultryCureMakes 12 Gallons of Medicine.Ever? poultry raiser should keep a bottle oifLFi hand. Write for free sampteand Booklet on "Diseases o Fowls." AddressB0UHB0OEHEDYJ0HPANY, umglH, KJ.foTSale by w7T.Brooks.NEW - BARBER - SHOP 1Windsor Hotel. -Modern Equipment,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children Work a Specialty. "CAL CRAWFORDTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KY., MAY 20. 19135bi&Ii:hitr!NEWSOF MILLEOU1Col. and Mrs. Best was in Cincin'3iati on business Monday.Mr. and Mrs. A. T. Vimont haveieturned from a few welts' sojourn inChicago.Mrs. Belle Taylor and daughter,3Iiss Mary Taylor, visited relatives inCynthiana, Friday.' Mr. M. M. Thompson returnedSaturday from Batle Creek, Mich.,' "where he spent a month. He is muchimproved., - .Rev. J. D. Redd, of the MethodistChurch, is in the mountains of Eastern Kentucky doing missionary work. -"ior two weeks.1 The result of the hall game yesterday betwen Georgetown and M. M.I. resulted in a score of 15 to 2 infavor of M. M. I.Miss Drusie Eliot, asistant teacher in the public school left Friday forher home in Paris, the school havingclosed that bay, after a sucessful year.Harris, the litle son of Mr. and 'Mrs. T. D. Tackett, was severely bitten on the forehead Saturday by adog belonging to Mrs. Elizabeth Miller. Thesame dog some time ago bitTVadsworth, the litle son of Mr. and3Irs.Mrs. D. F. Jones.The Seniors of ?,I. M. I. entertain-,-ed the young ladies and faculties of." - 31. F. C. with a lawn party Saturdayafternoonfrom four to eight. Theground was beautiful, as the beautiful girls nicely dresed, the cadets indress uniform moved about the groundthey afforded one of the prettiestsights ever witnessed in Millersburg.At the meeting of th efriends ofthe Jose leaf warehouse Saturdayafternon considerable money was raised. It was decided to hold anothermeting next Saturday and if theamount necessary for such a house is:aot then forthcoming the matter willbes dropped. However, it is safe tosay the necesary amount will beforthcoming, as Millersburg peopel will notpermit the proposition to fall through.The commencement exercises ofXM. F. C. was continued Friday nightwith a cantata in the M. F. C. chapel,largely made up of the primary department, under the direction of Miss Wilson, the principal of that department.Notwithstanding that the weather wasunfavorable the spacious auditoriumwas filled to its utmost., The stage - was beutiful, beingheavily banked with flowers, and thecostumes were especialy attractive.There were more than seventy peoplem the exercises,and it was dcidedlythe best entertainment of the kindever given in Millersburg. Miss Wit-v son was the recipient of many compliments. She returns next year, and it. was with much gratification to thepatrons of the school and the manyfriends she has made since cominghere.nrday morning at 10:30 o'clock. Thework was given over to the alumnaeof the colleger and quite a numberwere present.The program was good.The exercises were presided over byMrs, W. S. Judy, President, and Mrs.iii.iigaaj&l Great Assortment of Spring Footwear.The Brightest, Newest and most Up-to-DateShoes and Oxfords for Men, Womenand Children atA GREAT SAVING IN PRICETmV season's nobiest creations in every conceivable style in everyleather and fabric. If you need Shoes you will want to see our greatselection. They will fill the bill in fit and style. Besides the prices arethe lowest.Specials For This WeekMen's $3.50 to $4.00 valves Shoesand Oxfords, in Tan, GunMetal and Pat- fl QQent. Special j B yMen's Comfortable Elk OutingShoes, in Tan, Greenand Black. C1 GkSpecial ) a7IDCharles Martin, Secretary, both ofMillersburg.When the roll call was called byyears from 1855 including 1913, itwas both interesting and effective.Mrs. America Butler was the only onerepresenting the class of 1855. An excellent musical program was renderedby the Alumnea. The principal feature of the exercises was the addressby Judge Dennis Dundon, of Paris, anold Millersburg boy.At the close of the exercises theAlumnae went into business sessionand decided to hold its reunions biennially inst'ead of annually as atpresent. At 1 o'clock the Alumneabanquet was held in the dining roomof the ccJlege, the Alumnae going inby classes. There were several visitors present. The banquet was veryelaborate, and at the close a "numberresponded to toasts. Miss MaymieDeLong, one of the faculty, presidedas toastmistress. She proved a mostexcellent toast mistress and madeevery one feel free and easy and willing to talk. The following responded to toasts: Agnes Purnell, "Alumnep. Days;" Miss Hortense Letton,"Wood Memories"; Miss Maud Dacres,"Class of '81;" Mrs. Frankie AllenHarris, "Poem Reading;" Miss Elizabeth McClintock Ingels; Mrs. ArthurBest, "The Future Alumnae of M. F.C." Mrs. Elizabeth Pery, Milersburg.At the close of the regular programa number of extempraneous toastswere responded to which were veryspicy.At 8 o'clock Saturday evening theannual concert was held in the college chapel. The program was classical and well rendered. The audiencewas as larg as on the previous evening. Sunday at 10:30 a. m., Rev. S. K.Struve, of Clarksburg, W. Va., preached the baccelaurate sermon at theMethodist Church. The auspaciousauditorinm and Sunday School roomwas filled to overflowing and manywere turned away. The musical program was exceedingly atractive, thediscourses rendered by Rev. Struvewas appropriate and fully up to theaverage.""Sunday evening at 8 o'clock Rev. E.G. B. Mann, Presiding Elder of theMaysvile District, preached the Missionary sermon to the Y. W. C. A.of the college at Methodist Church.This addres was to have beendelivered by Mrs. Spillman, of Harodsburg,but owing to illness at home she wasunable to attend. Another equallygood musical program was rendered.Mr. Man alos delivered a most excellent discourse. Dr. Fisher read a report of the Misionary work of the college during the year, and a collectionwas then taken, which will be addedto the colege work.The following is a partial list ofthe members of the Alumnae Association present: Judge Denis Dundonadn wife, Mrs. John Connell Mrs.'W.G. McClintock, Mrs. W. O . Hinton,Paris; Mrs. Smith Clark, Winchester;Mrs. John VanDeren, Cynthiana; Mrs.Wigglesworth, O wings ville; MrsJno.Pery, Mrs. Clarke Bascom, O wingsvile; Mrs. D. E. Herper, Miss MaudDacers, Carlisle; Miss Jda Lightfoot,Miss Clara Peck, Miss Eldiva Saunders, Flemingsburg; Miss MargaretWood, W. Va., Miss Myrtle Haris.The folowing is a partial list ofguests atending the commencementexercises: Mrs. Willis McKee andIn The Right TimeJust Received From the Mast!Misses' and Children's WhiteCanvas Button Shoes. 3CSpecial ? 5 WInfant's Patent two- M Clkfstrap Pumps. Special ""5 WBoy Scout Shoes,$2 value. Special3sr.A.Miss Vesta Lee Hays, Bloomfleld,Miss Hazel Dice, Morehead, Mr. W. W.Bal, Maysville Miss Laura Cassady,Lexington, with Mrs. Linda Benton;Mrs. S. C. Bascom and little daughter,with Mr. and Mrs. S. C. Grimes;Mises Loraine McDonald, Alline Garnett, Mary McDaniel, Cynthiana,and Miss Kitie Burburry, Centerville,with Mr. and Mrs. J. F. McDaniel; J.W. Boulden, Maysville, Mr. Watkins,London, Mr. Dice and daughter, Morehead, Taylor House; Mrs. Turner Perry, Owingsvile, with Mr. and Mrs.Thomas McClintock; Misses Judithand Amelia Beeding, Cincinnati, withtheir sister, Mrs. S. H. Endicott;Mises Lou Banks, Lexington, and Jessie Mae Ockerman, Paris, with Mrs.Raymond Taylor; Messrs. Holloway,St. Louis, Mo., Lukins, Mayslick, andHudson, Flemingsburg, at StirmanHouse; Miss Eldiva Saunders, Flemingsburg, with Mrs. A. S. Miller;Misses Myrtle Harris, Nolan, W.Va., and Margaret Petit, Lexington;Messrs. D. B. Judy, Middlesobro, andJames Judy, with Mr. and Mrs. W. S.Judy; Mr. E. D. Baldwin, Maysvile,with Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Kerr; MissHattie Tinder, Birmingham, Ala.,Miss Irene Tackett; Miss Mary Grates,Carrolton, with Miss Lucy Jones; Mrs.Tom Darnell, Elizavile, with Mrs. S.E. Bruce; Mr. W. N. Henderson, Versailles at the Taylor House; Miss Gertrude Mason and Mrs. Ben Didwell,Ewing, and Miss Katherine Garner,Paris, with Mrs. E. B. Taylor; Mr.and Mrs. Chas. Rhode, Flemingsburg,with Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Thompson,Mr. and Mrs. Marion Hhodes, and little daughterLillian, of Elizaville, withtie daughter, Lilian, of Elizavile, withJ. J. Chanslor; Misses Benhas Peck,Flemingsburg, Betie Rese, Shannon,at M. F. C; Mr. Clifton Taylor, Flemingsburg, with Mr. A. S. Miller; Mr.and Mrs. Wiliam Pety, Lexington,with Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Judy; MissMargaret Walingford, Fern Leaf, withMrs. F. B. Ingles; Mrs. J. S. Clark,Winchester, with Mrs. Sarah Thorn;Mrs. E. T. Beeding, Lexington, withMayor W. D. Wadell; Mr. ClarenceGarnett, Mr. and Mrs. Orie Lebus andson, Mrs. and Mrs. Joe Rigg, Mr. andMrs. J. T. McDaniel, Jr., Cynthiana,with Mr. and Mrs. J. S. McDanil, Sr.,Mr. and Mrs. Chas.. Asbury, J. V.Peed, Mt. Olivet, with Mr. and Mrs.Charles Martin; Mr. and Mrs. Garnett Jejferson, Mrs. Lutie Becraftand son Ralph, Paris; Mr. and Mrs.J. M. Caldwell and son, Paris, wtihCol. W. M. Layson.Embarks in Shoe Business.Mr. John Webb, who for the pastfew years has been connected with theLexington tobacco market, is about toestablish a retail shoe business inLexington. Mr. Webb has rented astore room on Main street, in Lexington, and plans .to open with an attractive and up-to-date stock of goods assoon as possession pi the rom can besecured.Mr. Webb foVmerly resided inParis, where he was engaged in theretail shoe business for years. He iswell-known in Bourbon, ond his friendspredict that he wil be sucessful in hislatest business venture.Spring Opening.New Iceberg Refrigerators.A. F. WHEELER & CO.,tf Opp. Court House, Paris.Ladies'Uxrords,SpecialvalueLadies'fords, inP4 J foatm rumps.Specialsai.c?JOHE3NLuke McLuke Says. ,I Lots of young folks brag that theynever made a mistake in their lives.But you never hear a married manmaking a crack like that.Some girls are not" so modest thatthey Some girls are so modest thatthey blush when they see a hammockhanging in a store window.When a woman uses too much paintit is mighty hard for a man to giveher the benefit of the doubt.A girl is always willing to listen toadvice from any man if he isn't herfather.Tact means that you must keep ongabbing about the weather when youhave just discovered that the girl inthe peek-a-boo waist isn,twearing anycorset cover,money buying a bust developer.A fat woman may be folish in someways, but she never waists' any of herWhen a fellow and a girl are taking sly peeps at each other it is amighty good thing that neither ofthem are mind readers.Atight hobble never prevents achicken form chasing after a man.We pity the poor Cave Man. But theaforesaid Cave Man's wife could fasten her own bear skin up the backwhen she wanted to go out and do thediplodocus dip.ing a Philadelphia scientist has succeeded in hatching eggs of diamondback terrapin in an incubator.Chicago hotels must equip withAre escapes or close their doors.About 400,000 bicycles are still madeevery year in Great Britain. Two'thirds are used at home and the remainder exported to many countries.A porduct of Norway is woodflour, which is made from sawdustand comes from clean spruce or pinelogs which are first freed from anyparticles of bark.Grandma used to blush all overwhen a man got a glimps of a halfinch of her hose. But granddaughterter hoists knee high and says: "Ihoists knee high and says: "I worry."It is what you keep out of the newspapers that fixes your standing in anycommunity.Save Money.Come in and buy your lawn mowerfrom us and save money. We have alarge number of the best makes andwe buy them direct from the manufacturer and will save you the middleman's cost. All prices.16-4t LAVIN & CONNELL.Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.Only a Fire Herobut the crowd cheered, as with' burned hands, he held up a small roundbox, "Fellows," he shouted, "ThisBucklen's Arnica Salve I hold, haseverything beat for burns." Right!also for boils, ulcers, sores, pimples,eczema, cuts, sprains, bruises. Surestpile cure. It subdues inflamation,kills pain. Only 25 cents at Oberborfer's. f Garden Hose.We have a big stock of garden hoseand all kinds of nozzles. Telephoneus your order; all sizes and prices.JOHN J. CONNELLY,16-9t The Plumber.nhigh'grade Pumps andall leathers. "$2.49stvlish Shoes and1 OxPatent, Gun Metal andvauii lvieiai ana$1.49ARE YOU RUN DOWN?Awaken to the Danger and Aid theWeakened Kidneys.Kidney sickness often, runs youdown to the verge of colapse beforeyou know the cause. When yen seemto pin your mind to any task, yourback aches and you cannot do an ordinary day's work, it is time to askyourself this question: "Are my kidneys v.oikmg right?" The answern.ay be easily found.Weak kidneys slacken their filtering work ind the uric '&eicT -circulateswith the biood, in many cases attackiu: bi'Lin, nerves, muscles and vitalorgans. Don't wait tor the serioustrouble .Hy.i:! izsins, roan's KidneyPills vkicn jr.u rel ir- ?rst ::Vukaoii:or Mret i.tir? arm .rv t-cordo' Tinsremedy bin irivr-ji r.'.v life .vnl twlife and new strength to thousands.Proof of merit in a Paris citizen'sstatement:Mrs. Hodge, 221 West St., Paris,,Ky., .says: "I had dizzy and nervousspels and my back and head ached,showing that my kidneys were weak.When I saw Doan's Kidney Pils advertised, I usved them and they gaveme entire relief."For sale by al dealers. Price 50c.Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo, NewYork, sole agents for United State.Remember the name Doan's andtake no other.Fine Stationery.New shipment of Crane's fine stationery in the latest style note paper,envelopes, correspondence cards, irthannouncements, etc.6tf PARIS BOOK STORE.Expert Barber.Mr. Carl Crawford, a barber of 36years' experience, invites the publicto his new shop at Windsor Hotel.Two chairs. (Prompt service. Children's work a specialty. Razors honed satisfactorily.Wool Wanted.Plenty of sacks. Highest marketprice paid.CAYWOOD & McCLINTOCK,E. T. Phone tf 22, Paris, Ky.6may-tfNERVOUS TROUBLESDRIVE AWAY HAPPINESS.Tona Vita Will Quickly Drive Awaythe Nervous TroublesPeople who are run down in healthwho are worn out, nervous and halfsick, are apt to be thoroughly discouraged. They are half-hearted, listlessand depressed and feel that this is aterrible world with many pains in itand few pleasures.This state of mind is recognized byphysicians as a common symptom ofnervous debility.If you are one of the many Americans who are suffering with nervousbreakdown or nervous exhaustion,you can get back your old health andspirits in a few weeks' time. Go toyour druggist and obtain a bottle ofTona Vita. This remarkable tonic ishelping thousands back to health andit will not fail in your case. In factit never fails. You wil be astonishedhow quickly it will build you up bothin mind and body.Tona Vita is sold by Chas. E. Butler& Co.Spot CashFOR CREAMBecome a Tri-State Shipper to-day for Ship-ping Cream to the Tri-State Butter Co., Cincinnati, Ohio, isProf i table An average price of more than 2c above Elginsince November.Safe A $75,000 corporation with an established reputation guaranteeing" vour shinments against loss.or damage in transit.Easy You can make your shipments every three or1four days when most convenient, cream sweetor sour.Write Por Free Trial Cans To-dayGive us a trial without cost to you and let our SPOT CASHPay Checks reward you.Our price this week is 32 cents Poor Old Elgin 28.The Tri-Stafe Butter Company,Paris OdorlessMen's and Ladies' Suits Cleaned,Pressed and Repaired.Ladies' Serge White Suits and Fancy Silks our specialty.All Work Guaranteed-SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cle'aned andReblocked to your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up?E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned,License Must Be Procured.Railway news companies selling softdrinks to passengers on the trains,must procure alicense from the county clerk in each county through whichthe railroad pases or the soft drinksare sold, to escape the penalty provided by the statute for selling softdrinks without a license.Auditor Boaworth Friday announcedthis rule in response to an inquiry ofthe Van Noy News Company, whichasked if a blanket license to sell softdrinks in the state would not cover allof the counties.Auditor Bosworth said that he wanted it distinctly understood that blanket licenses would not cover cases likethis.nor street fairs, midways andother such organizations.The "Sweet Jar.'The June Woman's Home Companion contains an article entitled "Howto Use June Roses." Several old-fashionedroses petal recipes are included.Following is an extract:"There are roses in jars that arocalled 'sweet jars;' these are for thescenting of halls and parlors. Theyare nice in the dining rom where theycan be opened and stirred before mealtime, and they are exquisite in thesleeping rooms, for their effect upouthe nerves is very soothing."As important as the sweet jar isthe aromatic jar. This made with roseleaves for a base, but it does not stopwith them by any means. The aromatic jar is heavy with spicy odors;it is scented with pinks, it breathes ofcinnamon and has a suggestion offrankincense and myrrh."Methodists in England.There are only about 1,000,000 Methodists in England, and comparatively few of them are rich.but they havejust finished a cathedral in Londonwhich "cost $5,300,000. It was built bya vast number of small contributionsand very few relatively speaking,which were for large sume.At Leipzig the university is notmerely a German university but itis first and foremost the University ofLeipzig a municipal institution.Nine" Hours Sleep Says Wilson.These are busy days at the WhiteHouse. President Woodrow Wilsonrises early, has breakfast at 8:30 andis at work at nine. He shaves himselfand the barbers of Presidents Roosevelt and Taft are without occupation.President McKinley was able to perform the operation without a glass infront of him, wlfile President Wilsonuses glases upon glasses.The President is a firm advocate ofthe simple life. He seldom remains uplater than eleven o'clock and even onthe night of his inauguration it is saidthat he excused himself at 10:30 andretired, so the orders are "lights out"at 11 a contrast to the midnightlights often burning to two or threeo'clock in the morning, when President Taft was in the White House.President Wilson is an advocate ofsleep he requires itis said, nine hoursthough Napoleon may have decreedfive sufficient and Edison three. Thenew President has a fondness forguests at luncheon, and delights in anold-fashioned visit. He has his dinner hour at seven sharp, instead of ateight.as during the previous administration, and some say he has alludedto the evening meal often as "supper."Affairs at Washington, by Joe Mitchell Chappie, in the National Magazine for May.Cincinnati, Ohio. -Cleaning Co. 8short, 10c; long 25c.yrIMaaBHMM