V '' ft ztTHE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVFBY TUESDAY AND FBIDAY IN THE YEAR-:&VOLUME XXXI"wfPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JUNE 3 1913:csa-mAnDestroyed By Fire March 2, Will NotBe Rebuilt.I! WALSH DISTILLERY flBflBr iWJgTGifts For TheGraduatesWe have a splendid assortment ofAppropriate articles in Jewelry, Silver Novelties, Rings, Watches andDiamonds.Come in and look, you will findsomething to suit you.It's no trouble for us to show goods.s&r5r5--5r5-5-V-V-V-V-"2-5' .as , Sl.f i P ft 1 1fLemnans speciaisif $W 21 lbs. the Best f rr WM? Eastern Sugar vMJ WW (With a $3.00 Purchase) W$ w4$ 3-lb Hunter's Brand Pie Peaches 25cw Pork and Beans, per can 7c VI?Kegular 10c size $f Fancy Dried Peaches, per lb 1 Oc jfV These are the 15c and 20c grade. fXSY 2 1-2 lb. can of Griffin & Skelley's Asparagns 20c MjFLOURj Lancaster's Pride A$ ' 251b. Sack $ .80 $4g ' 50 lb. Sack 1.60 ' :?lOOlb.Sack 3.15 Sjjw We Have Fresh Fish Every Friday WI T. C. LEINIHAN. I$ Cash Grocery.ft Both Phones 234 i&"JtRsr. ...........r...r...... ".ftx ".;Jpjjp& vQfOi47 TTai-.G anrlmM rr jlw ccmm?iiSEfegPfeS3TSBKiksaasjei'&mmm!-.INSt3sPanama HatsIn all the Latest Styles and atPrices in Reach of Everybody.H & 4Summer Underwearlrmmmiyj B. V. D. in Union Suits in Separate Garments.lj -nFif Plain Balbriggin in Union Suits and Separate Gar- $flp!m "ic.-- bPorus Knit m Union Suits and Separate Garments. ff!gScriven in Union Suits and Separate Garments.USOur Prices on Underwear 25 to $2PRI6&& 60. Clothiers&rafiIK&and FurnishersPPB5?w?S?The Walsh distillery, on the" NorthMiddletown pike, operated for severalmonths annually since the Civil War,and which was destroyed by fire onthe morning of Sunday, March 2, willnot be rebuilt according to the announcement received here from themain office of the Central KentuckyDistilllers & Warehouse Company,which owns and operates many plantsthroughout Central Kentucky.Since the opening of spring weathera large force of men have been employed in removing the debris. Thiswork was completed last week and allof the equipment saved from the fireis ready to be shipped away.It is said the plans of the companyare to cease operations in this city assoon as all the warehouses can becleared of the whisky that is now inbond. One of the warehouses westof the plant which was destroyed isnow being razed by workmen.The plant of the G. G. White distillery in Eeas Paris was dismanteled several months ago and theequipment moved to-another part ofthe State. Since that time practically all of the whisky in the warehousesof this distillery has been disposed ofand but little now remains."WE KNOW HOW"tototoLet YourMoney Do ItY. M. C. A. Movement Launched.Wa meeting of those interested instarting a campaign to erect a Y.M. C. A. Building for the men andboys of Bourbon county, was heldFriday morning at the home of Mrs.E. F. Spears on High street.Mr. C. P. Dix, of Louisville, andMr. B. S. Wooslef, State Secretary,were present and told something ofof the organization and work needed to 'accomplish the splendid undertaking. There was great enthusiasm manifested, and Mrs. Clifton Arnspargerwas elected chairman. Plans for thecampaign were made and will be published later. A meeting was calledfor this afternoon, but on account ofthe exercises at the Paris cemeteryin 'memory of the dead Confederatesit has been postponed until Wednesday afternoon at 3 o'clock.Heavy Electrical Storm.Paris and vicinity was visited byone of the heaviest electric stormsin many a year Sunday afternoon andevening in which considerable damagewas done by wind and lightning.AtHutchinson, this county, thestoVm Sunday afternoon was the mostsevere that community has ever experienced. Hail stones as large asmarbles fell in large quantifies, badlydamaging crops, while the wind blewdown trees and fencing, entailing aheavy loss to the farmers in the pathof the storm.The storm reached its height inthis city Sunday night and ragedwith all severity for about an hour.A number of chimneys in the citywere struck by lightning or blowndown. A large chimney on the OddFellows Hall was completely demolished. Both the Bourbon Home and Cumberland telephone companies suffereda very considerable damage asa result of the high wind and manyinstruments were put out of commission by lightning. On South Mainstreet a number of telephone wireswere blown across trolly feed wire,menacing pedestrians until the danger was removed.Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.HALL WINS TROPHY.At Tournament Held atClub Friday.yBig PondThe shooting tournament held atthe Big Pond Gun Club range on thefram of Mr. Thomas Henry Clay, Jr.,at Austerlitz, Friday, was attended bysportsmen fro mall over the BlueGrass section. The tournament lasted from 10 o'clock in th emorning until 5 o'ciock in the afternoon.The event for the Blue GrassChampionship was won by Mr. William Hall, of Maysville, defeating anumber of amateur marksmen fromvarious parts of this section of Kentucky. In the first event there were fortyfour entrants. The trophy was a cutglass high ball set. Mr. Thomas H.Clay, Jr., of Bourbon, Mr. Will Hall,Maysville, Mr. T. C. Bell, of Winchester, and Dr. David Barrow, of Lexington, tied with a score of fortyeight out of a possible fifty. In theshoot-off Mr. Bell and Mr. Hall tiedwith a perfect score out of twenty-fivetargets, and in the shoot-off Mr. Bellbroke twenty-five against twentythree for Mr. Hall.The final event, the Blue GrassChampionship Cup, was warmly contested. The trophy was won by Mr.Hall by the highest sceore of 96" outof 100 targets.One of the principal events of theday was the fish fry of which Mr.Clay entertained about three hundredguests. About seven, hundred fishcaught from the pond of Mr. Claywere prepared and !ly enjoyed bythose who attended the shoot.The preparation of the 'fry" was incharge of Mr. Kid Stout, of this city,wh with an excellent corps of assistants served the meal, which consisted of fish with Kentucky corn bread,old ham, beaten biscuits, light breadand coffee. Mr. Stout received manycompliments on the faultless mannerin which he attended "the guests.iffIf Your Money Was HumanIt Would Not Want To BeExchanged For Clothing Unless it Was Dollar For DollarValue.Vtof 'Don't let your money buy just Clothing. Make it. Buy the RealDependable ClothingThe kind that is backed up by a guarantee from the'right kind of a merchant. Dollar for dollar valuesare assured when you purchase Clothing from thisstore, and you will find this same rule applies toevery dollar's worth of merchandise bought here. -XIfStetson Shoes andStetson HatsManhattan Shirts inbright, snappySpring stylesMitchell & Blakemore,IOutfitters to MenParis, KentuckyhCC f fMlfoffiimmvsxmmwwxf vrnwHmexir tiw ur uif iN .v .m .'P!9.'nK3AVAV i -izi ixruwrtzi wniiixixv,-j- - -v- w wu;itt :s:st cK2riSK9?si""winiiniimciiiiiimiiijiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimi icd:FRANK & COThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.Half-price Suit Sale!The backward season and late deliveries from the manufacturers finds us with too many suits on hand. Consequently theliberal reduction now, whenyou most desire a Spring Suit. AllSuits are this Spring models.9 V$40.00 Suits now,35.00 Suits now30.00 Suits now25.00 Suits now20.00 Suits now15.00 Suits now$20,0017.5015.0012.5010.007.50Odd Sizes and White Suits not included in this sale.Alterations will be made with extra cost to the purchaserAlBring this list and make your selection. The original pricetickets will be left on all garments will be left on all garments andreductions w'ill be made as above.!I ! FRANK oc CA S"mimiiiimiuiminpiKiiiiiiimi-iiiihI AsiSft!i ftftffftffTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,, KENTUCKYJUNE 3 1913i r;-i-j-&.-4-,?-Shoes7Jhatto Sveri WomanNew models and exclusive patterns areshown at all times in our display of Women'sFootwear. Every pair of these Shoes alsoshow elegance of finish and grace in each particular line. We can give you fitting qualitiesin Shoes which cannot be excelled, and as toservice, it need only be said that our Shoes aremade by the best Shoe makers in the world.We can give them to you in widths as narrowas AA.We invite your inspection.Geo. Mc Williams,LPhones 3013S3StBourbonf DWIS & FUNK, Props.itf Telephone No. 4.BourbonSils)!&DiParis Kentucky.GEO. W. DAVISFDNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMEDBOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.M. A. CAHAL.iBarber Shop.Tirst-Class Workmen.HPofitc and Prompt Attentionto All.Hot and Cold BathsWe Thank You For a Share ofYour Patronage.'.Trees Trees Trees""Prnit and Ornamentals, StrawberTiee, Shrubs, Hedging, Grapes, Asparagas, Rheubarb, Roses, Peonies,Thiox, etc.Everything for Orchard, Lawn andGarden. No 'Agents.H. F. HILLENMEYER & SONS,Lexington, Ky.WIRED HOUSE)! BSTRKTUrUP-TO-UTEnJlppealIThe Shoe MianmmmmLaundryWest 5 Streetehfv(lis4tWe Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo- fine work and itdever goes bnck on its reputation. If you are particularabout whow your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeLaundry,MSKentucky Traction andTerminal Co.INTERURBAN SCHEDULELye. Lexington Lve. Paris j Ifor Paris For Lexington.x6.00 a m 6.45 a m7.20 am x7.30 a mx8.00 a m 8.15 a m8.50 a m .x9.00 a m10.20 a m 9.45 a m11.50 a m 11.15 a m1.20 p m 12.45 p m2.50 p m 2.15 p m3.30 p m 3.45 p m4.20 p m 4.30 p m5.00 p m 5.15 p m8.00 p m 6.00 p m7.20 p m 6.45 p m9.10 p m 8.15 p m11.00 pm 10.05 pmx Daily Except Sunday.Precautions Against Robbery.Making monthly shipments amounting to nearly $12,000,000, the SouthAfrican gold mines take extreme carethat their bullion shall reach thecoast in safety. Since most of theshipments are sent from Pretoria byrail many attempts have been madeto hold up trains. To make successful robbery impossible the nine companies have built a car that is substantially a safe on wheels. It isequipped with lights that show everyinch of space under, over, alongside,and on each end of the body, and it isbullet and bomb proof. As furtherprotection a guard is locked up inthe car with every shipment, and cannot be released until the destinationis reached.HE BOURBON NEWSPAHIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year $2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineLeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar mat! er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right o? publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space a newspaper's stock intrad Fource of revenue.ANNOUNCEMENTS.The News is authorized to make thefollowing announcements, subiect tothe action of the Democratic PrimaryAugust 2, 1913:For RepresentativeREUBEN HUTOHCRAIT.For State SenatorHON. J. Wllil. CIiAYRTJFUS HADDENFor Commonwealth's AttorneyVICTOR A. BRADLEYFor County ClerkPEARCE PATONJ. WALTER PAYNE ,For Police JudgeR. S. PORTERIi. GRINNANTHOS. J. HOIiLIDAYE. B. JANUARYFor CoronerGEO. M. KISERRTJDOIiPH DAVISFor Mayor ""J. T. HINTONJAS. M. O'BRIEN.For Police ChiefJ. C. ELGIN, Sr.W. F. LINKGEO. M. HILLBEN BISHOPGEO. W. JUDYFor JailerJOSEPH FARRISW. O. BUTLERFor CouncilmenFirst WardWHITTINGTON MANN.GEO. D. SPEAKES.W. T. BROOKS.Second Ward.W. O. HINTON.BRUCE MILLER.W A WALLEN.WM. KENNEY,Third WardJACK WOODS.For Assessor.R. M. GILKEY.L. B. Purnell, Deputy.JOHN S. WIGGINS.Wm. Lynch, Deputy.For County Judgec. a McMillan.For County AttorneyGEO. BATTERTON.ERNEST MARTINFor MagistrateL. J. FRETWELL,For SheriffW. F. TALBOTT,W. G. McCLINTOCK, DeputyJ. O. MARSHALL, DeputyState Law as to the Primary.Primary elections in Kentuckywill be held on the first Saturday inAugust, betwen 6 a. m. and 4 p. m.All political parties who cast atleast twenty per cent, of the voteat last preceding election for President must nominate their candidatesat this primary.The candidate must file a petitionstating his name, age, postoffice address, political affiliation and thethe other legal qualifications of thecandidate for the particular office.The nominating petition of thecandidate must state his name andresidence, office for which he is to benominated and the date of the primary. All such petitions mnst be filed withthe county clerk at least thirty daysbefore the primary, except when theoffice is for more than one county,filed at least forty days before theprimary. It cannot be circulatedprior to sixty days before the datewhen it is required to be filed.Voters can sign ojnly one petitionror eacn omce, except wnere morethan one office of the same kind areto be filed at the same election. Thesigner must deciare that he intendsto support the candidate named inthe petition, must sign his own name,residence and street number anddate of signing. No signatures shallbe counted unless it has been signedand bears date within sixty daysprior to date of filing.All signers of each separate sheetmust live in the same precinct. Thesigners must be qualified voters andmember of a party making its nominations at the primary and withwhich they ae egisteded voters, ifthey live in a precinct where registration is repuired.For offices of one county or a portion threof, the nominating papershall be signed by at least three percent, and uot more than tenpercent of the total vote (at the lastpreceding Presidential election) ofthe party of the candidate hi the. city",county or district in which he is tobe elected; if jaore than one countyand less than, the entire jState notless than two per cent, and not morethan ten per cent, in each of at leastone-half the counties; if the entireState, not less than two per cent, innot more than ten per cent, in eacheach of at least ten counties in theState.The order in which the names areto be placed on the ballot shall bedetermined at a public drawing inthe County Clerk.s office twenty-fivedays before the primary election, at2 p. m.Separate ballot boxes shall be supplied for each party, but a ballot shallnot be disqualified if placed in awrong ballot box.The same qualification of votersshall apply in primary elections under this law as are required in regular elections. Said qualificationsshall be determined as of the date ofthe primary, without regard to thequalifications or disqualifications asthey may exist at the succeedingregular election. Each voter canonly vote the ballot of that pratywith which he is affiliated.A special registration for thosewho were unable to register for thelast regular election is held at thecounty clerk's office fourteen daysbefore the primary and at the sametime and place transfers from oneprecinct to another can be obtained.No registration or transfers are permitted on the day of the primary.Primary election officers are appointed by the regular electioncommissioners, but by uniting, candidates have the privilege of designating a proportion of such officers.Each party is entitled to two challengers and two inspectors appointed by the election commissioners.Candidates have the same privilegeof appointing these officers as withthe other officers.Primary returns are made to thecounty clerk.All expenses of primary are paidby the State.Nomination papers shall not becirculated prior to sixty days beforethe date by which such paper is required to be filed, and no signatureshall be counted unless it has beensigned to such nomination paper andbears date within sixty days priorto the time of filing.Future Promising If TobaccoGrowers Avoid ExcessiveProduction.Hon. J. Campbell Cantrill, father ofthe Cantrill tobacco bill, Tuesday evening gave out the following interviewat Georgetown, Ky., regarding the tobacco census just issued by the Department of Commerce, at Washington:"The becond report under the Cantrill census has just been issued, andsnowed a very favorable condition ofthe crop from the farmers' viewpoint,especially as to the burley type. Itshould be borne in mind that there ispractically no burley tobacco in thehands of the farmer of the 1912 crop,and that it will be seven months beforethe 1913 crop will begin to move tomarket. On October 1, 1912, therewere 215,000,000 pounds of burley inthe hands of dealers and manufacturers. From Oct. 1, 1912, to May 1,1913,the entire 1912 crop went into the handsof the manufacturers. This 1912 burley crop was estimated at about 225,000,000 pounds. Adding this amountto that on hand Oct. 1, 1912, and- thensubtracting the 327,000,000 pounds nowon hand, shows that 113,000,000 poundshave been consumed within the past sixmonths."It is fair to presume that consumption of burley will be the same for thenext six months as for the past sixmonths. Upon this basis we will getto market next winter under exactlythe same condition as last year, namely, about 215,000,000 pounds of burleyin the hands of the manufacturers.Last year the entire crop of burley soldfor an average of nearly fourteen centsper pound, and there is no reason, whatever, why this year's crop, now beingplanted, should not bring a good price."This report shows the consumptionof burley tobacco equals the production for last year. Under this condition the burley planters should thrive.I sincerely hope the growers of burleywill not attempt to increase the acreage. We are now growing about alLthat our labor conditions and the fertility of our soil will stand. It is thepart of wisdom for the planters to keepconditions as they now are, namely,equality of production and consumption."The law under which this report ismade is a great protection to the tobacco growers, and let us not destroy ourselves by excessive production. Weare now in a safe position, and withcaution and wisdom, the growers ofburley can keep up the high prices oflast year. I am profoundly grateful tomy colleagues in the House of Representatives for assisting me in the passage of the bill under which this reportis made, and to Senator Bradley for hissuccessful work in the Senate. In myjudgement, this measure has been ofuntold benefit to the tobacco growersof the natidn, and I rejoice that I hadthe opportunity to draft the bill ana introduce it and assist in its passagedCan't Keep It Secret.The splendid work of Chamberlain'sTablets is daily becoming more widely known. No such grand remedy forstomach and liver troubles has everbeen known. For sale by all dealers.The United States imported 95,000000 pounds of tinplate in 1911.Take Plenty of Time to Eat.There is a saying that "rapid eatingis slow suicide." If you have formedthe habit of eating too rapidly you aremost likely suffering from indigestionor constipation, which will result inserious illness eventually unless corrected. Digestion." begins first in themouth. Food should be thoroughlymasticated and insalivated. Thenwhen you have a fullness of the stomach or feel dull and stupid after eating, take one of Chamberlain's Tablets.' Many severe cases of stomachtrouble and constipation havebeen cured by the use of these tabletsThey are easy to take and are mostagre'eable in effect,'era. , .Sold by all deal-To Women-Seeking Health and StrengthFor those ills peculiar to women Dr. Piercerecommends his "Favorite Prescription" a3EEl13HT33E ONE REMEDY"A medicine prepared by regular graduated physician of ungual experience in treating woman's diseases-carefully adaptedto work in harmony with the most delicate feminine constitution.All medicine dealers have sold it with satisfaction to customers for the past 40 years. It is now obtainable in liquid orsugar-coated tablet form at the drug store or send oO one-centstamps for a trial box, to Buflalo. 'Every woman may write f cl'y and confidentially to Dr. Fierce,Invalid Hotel and Surgical Institute, Euffalo, N. Y., 2nd ?ay besure that her case will receive careful, conscientious, conndenticlcorsideration, ard that experienced medical advice will be givento her absolutely free.III13BDr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regulate crd invigorate stomach, liver and bowels. Sugar coated, tir.y granclcs easy to take as candy.njtPii mi rimeSome HotWe will in a few ays receive a car of SemiAnthricite Coal. It has the Pocahontas fracture, isa much harder Coal therefore comes a betterpreparation, and is an ideal Furnace Coal.ANALYSISVolatile 30.10Carbon 66.00Moisture .40Ash 3.50Is you are interestedCoaly come to the yard ofDodson & DentonThe Home of Good CoalYards, South Main St. Coth Phones 140No is the time to lay in your Winter CoalIhsPfe:QsrjgsQegsscggsagsjg,1.2.3.Sells My ProductsGets Best Prices "Brings Supplies7. Pays Jb or Itseli Over and Overj mWHMSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet.For information, call manager.CumberlandTelephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated.,Extra50 Fine and Stylish Sample Suits for Ladies and Misses, values $15 and $20, to be sold, special at $10.90. All Women andMisses size.Made by the best manufacturers in the country to demonstrate the high character of their production.After the suits were displayed we immediately bought themat an unusual advantage, and now we price them awfully low, at$10.90The excellent tailoring perfection of fit and quality, of materials of these suits and the low price will make a grand purchasefor you.Call and see them atTwin Bios. DeDanmeni storeCorner Seventh and Main Sts.We are agents for Pictorial Patterns, Buster Brown Hose,Bon Bon and W. B. Corsets.WimrMrtiRoofs put on twenty-six years ago are as good as new to-day, andhave never needed repairs. What is the result? Why practicallyevery other shingle manufacturer is trying to imitate it, so be not deceivedlook for the words "Cortright Reg. U. S. Pat. Off." embossed on thecorrugation. It is put there for your protection. Accept no substitute.For Sale by KBest & Hawkins,-,031313rrm TiCTTi m m ! m riaNews.in a first-class furnace&&ASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the CumberlandFelephone works for him. He will reply:4. Protects the Home5. Helps the Housewife"6. Increases Profits!Yalues!Designed and Patentedin 1867The StandardEver SinceMillersbur, KyVf"!-&I:Um'hoi'enstClL1virv xi wt-.yv7"gSS!S -BourbonTo MammothPersonally Conducted by Home People!i:The Hotel and Cave have been reserved for this Excursion, and by special arrangement no other partywill be booked for this date.All boys and girls under 16 years of age in care ofparents or chaperones will bePassed Through Cave Free!Three bigMays' sight seeing from start to finish.The party will leave Paris June 12, going on regularmorning train from all stations. Write or phone L. &N. Agent for particulars.RoundTrip R.Prom All StationsAdults v . $5.65Children 2.85One Route in tfte Cave $2.CO or two routes -for $3.00Boys or Girls under 1 G years passed freeThis trip has been approved by all the County Officials, asV.County and City Schools, which makes it an opportune timeSEASON OF 1913.Egyptian Baron 5Trial Over 34 Track 3 SecondsSlow 2:0914.Sire of Nancy Baldwin (4 2:294',trotted over slow track in 1912 in2:12l4; Beautiful Lady, two-year-oldtrial, 1912, 2:15, last half in 1:05;Nelson, 3-year-old trial of 2:18, lasthalf in 1:02?4'.Sired bv Oakland Baron 2:09l4',Winner -of Kentucky Futurity. Sireof Gail Hamilton 2:06, Rhythmic 2:06M. Baron De Shay 2:08.Dam Egyptienne 2:18,by Mambrino King 1279.2ddam Bay Hambletonian,(dam of Egyptienne 2:18, Henrietta2:17, Fulano 2122K) by Hambleto"nian 10.$25 tojnsurc a Living Coif.DOUGLAS THOMAS,Paris, Ky.4 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDepositsYofir Dpnnsits Ar GuaranteedYOD TAKE NO RISKSIf You Are InterestedWrite UsUNION STATE BANKMuskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000fully PaidDickens' Hold on Public.Two facts illustrate the unabatedhold that Dickens has on the public:A large attended exhibition of Dickensiana, has been held at the GroilerClub, New York City, at which theonly considerable section of "Pick-vick" MS. known to exist was to beUeen at the other end of the world,Members of the ill-fated Capt. Scott'sppedition are reported to have sol-led their weeks of imprisonment mi igloo by reading aloud each daychapter of "David Copperfield,"THLCounty's Triptttetttt''69R. FareBoardMealsAdultsChildren!Limit on Tickets 1 O daysClosing Exercises Paris HighSchool.The Annual Grammar School Commencement of the Paris Public Schoolwill be held Wednesday, June 4, at thePublic School Auditorium, at 8 o'clock.The program consists of a play by thegrammar school graduates, "A Visionof Youth," music by the Glee Club andpieces of the High School Band.The Sixteenth Annual Commencement of the Paris High School will beheld on Thursday eveuing, June 5, at8 o'clock. Three orations by three ofthe boy graduates; address to graduates by Rev. W. E. Ellis and music bythe High School chorus and other inesting numbers make up the programfor Thursday evening.Rev. E. M. Lightfoot will preach theannual commencement sermon to thegraduates, Sjnday evening, June 1, atthe Baptist church.The programs are as follows :PROGRAM.JUNE 4, 8 P. M.Music Paris High School Band.Invocation Rev. Geo. D. Harris, ofEpiscdpal church.A VISION OF YOUTH.Queen Memory establishes her temporary kingdom and after obtainingpermission from Father Time, enablesher maidens, to review their childhooddays with all their pains and pleasures.As Father Time is nodding in shimberwhen they have completed their review of childish memories, the Queengives them avglimpse into the Future sothat they may know some of the perilsand pleasures in store for them.PAST.Queen Memory Catherine Meglone.Father Time Elmer McCord.Page Fithian Arkle.Queen's Maidens Elizabeth Hall,Lizzie Belle Merimee, Julia Fitzgerald, Georgia Speakes and LeliaSpeakes.MEMORIES OF CHILDISH GOODIES. Pepperment Sticks Pearl Brown,Bessie O'Neill, Lula Honican and Virginia Dotson.Lollipops Clarence Buchanan, Russell Clayton and Winston Dunbur.Ice Cream Lena Rose and EdithWright.COMRADES OF CHILDHOOD.Dolls -Bertha Chism, Gladys Snapp,Hattie Hughes, Ethel Harper, EdithBobbitt and Sadie Sirawther.Blocks Fithian Rye, Raymond Connell and Albert Lavin.Jump the Rope Girls.Grown Ups Pearl Brown, FlorenceEllis and Bessie O'Neill.Ball Bouncers.Mother Goose Frances Settle.Jack and Jill Albert Lavin and Raymond Connell.Queen of Hearts Mary Bratton.Peter Pumpkin Eater Fithian Rye.Mistress Mary Saliie Crowe and hermaidens.Some Story Book People:' Rip Van Winkle Russell Clayton.Red Riding Hood Gladys Snapp.Three Faries.Overstudies Irene Lair, 'BerthaBOURBON NEWS, PARIS,1Cave!at Cave Hotelor Lodging50c25cwell 'as the SuperintendentsJto see the Cave.Chism and Mary Lynch.FUTURE.Misses Overdress Virginia Dotsonand Florence Ellis.Careers:Art-Elizabeth Jones.Music Lula Honican.Storm Saliie Crow.Rainbow Hattie Hughes.Domestic Science Lena Rose.German Sadie Strawther.Butterfly-Ethel Harper.Flowers- -Mary Bratton.Folly -Edith Wright.Change of Folly to Wisdom MaudeTaylor.The Bride Pearl Brown.Music-Far at Sea Nevin ParisHigh School Glee Club.Presentation of Diplomas.Benediction Rev. E. M. Lightfoot.Music Exit March High SchoolBand.PROGRAM.JUNE 5, 8 P. M.Music NorthSchool Band.Pole Overture HighInvocation Rev.Methodist church.J. S. Sims, ofChorus Dream of Paradise Macy.Oration The Student and his Friands(Salutatory) Henri Earl Dickerson.Oration The Lotus blossoms Thomas Brown Link.Music Marching Trotire MaleOctette.Address to Graduates Rev. W. EEllis, of Christian church.Music When the Hues of DaylightFade -Bechtel-High School Girls.Oration The Mission of the Doctor(Valedictory) William MarmadukeBrown.Presentation of Diplomas Dr. F. L.Lapsley. Secretary Board of Education. XJC11CU1V.L1UU xvev. w. to. Jftllis.Music ExitMarch High j SchoolBand.)All matrons Ot the Prmnvv anrlGrammar Schools are especially "invitedto attend the Wednesday iVening exercises. This is preeminently your commencement and you are urged to bepresent.Yours Respectfully,GEO. W. CHAPMAN,Sup't.RECEPTION.The annual ' reception to patronsTuesday, June 3, from 1:30 to 4 p. m.The teachers will receive you cordially and take pleasure in showing youthe work your children have done during the year. Your sons and daughtersare expecting you to come, and theteachers and pupils will be disappointedif you do not come.We have the best and most elaborateexhibit of hand-work we have ever hadand cordially 'invite all patrons andothers interested to come and examineour work.Yours truly,GEO. W. CHAPMAN, ,Superintendent.KENTUCKY, JUNE 3, 1United States Discrict Court,Eastern District of Kentucky,Covington.Central Homegraph Co. -VsBourbon CountyTelephone & Tele- ComplainantHomeTelephone Co.DefendantPursuant to a decree of sale entered herein in the United States District Court for the Eastern District ofKentucky at Covington, Kentucky, onJanuary 21, 1913, I will offer for saleat the front door of the court house inthe city of Paris, Bourbon county,Kentucky, onTUESDAY, JULY 8, 1913,at 2 o'clock, p. m., the following described property, towit:"All the telephone plant and systemof the Bourbon County Home Telephone Company in Paris, Kentucky,and in Bourbon county,l Kentucky,and all its other property, rights,privileges, franchises and immunitiesof every character and description,whether in action or possession,wheresoever situated, and everythingof value which the Telephone Company owns or is entitled to, includingall the property, accounts, notes, moneys and assets of every description, inthe possession of S. M. Heller, Receiver herein, or in the possession- ofthe United States Trust Company,Trustee."The terms of said sale are as follows "No bid will be accepted from anybidder who shall not place in myhands at the time of making the bid,as a part of such bid, a pledge that hewill make good his bid if accepted bythe court, either in the sum of tenthousand dollars ($10,000) in moneyor the sum of ten thousand dollars(?10,000) in the form of a certifiedcheck or certicate of deposit, payable to or endorsed to myself as specialmaster; or in lieu of such money orcheck or certificate of deposit, twenty-fivethousand dollars ($25,000) parvalue, of thebonds secured by themortgage hereby foreclosed.The deposit received from any unsuccessful bidder or bidders shall bereturned to him or them, when theproperty is struck off.In case a bid shall be accepted andthe sale confirmed by this court andthe ssuccesful bidder shall complywith all the terms thereof, the cashdeposit made by him shall be credited as part qayment of the purchaseprice.In the event any bidder whose bidhas been accepted, shall fai.l to comply with any order of the court in regard to the payment of the purchaseprice, the cash, checks, certificates ofdeposit or bonds deposited by himshall be retained as liquidated damages and shall be applied toward theexpense of any resale which may beordered, or toward making good anydeficiency or loss in case the property at a resale shall bring less thanat a prior sale; but, if a bid be accepted and the sale thus made by the Special Master shall not be, confirmed bythe court, then the deposit made bythe bidder shall be returned to him.The purchaser shall, as a part ofhis bid and purchase, assume andagree to pay any and all liabilitiesincurred by the receiver since his appoitment, which may remain unpaidon the date of confirmation of sale.Upon the confirmation of sale thepurchaser may pay so much of thepurchase price as may not be required by the order of confirmationto be paid in cash, by paying for andsurrendering outstanding bonds orcoupons secured by the deed of trustherein foreclosed, whether said coupons are attached to or cut fromsaid bonds, and thesaid bonds or coupons shall be received at such priceor value as shall be the equivalentto the amount that the holders thereof would have beenentitled to receivethereon, in case the entire purchaseprice were paid in cash.All bonds and coupons that may beused to make such payment shall besurrendered to the Special Masterand the amount so paid on said bondsor coupons or applied thereon shallbe endorsed on said bonds or couponsby the Special Master, and the saidbonds and coupons shall then be returned to the holders or ownersthereof respectively.Any party to this suit or any holderor holders o f the bonds or couponsherein referred to, may bid and purchase atsuch sale, and shall be required to qualify and make deposit asabove provided.The court reserves the right to resell said property or any part thereof,on such notice as it may direct, incase the purchaser, after confirmation of sale, shallfail or omit to makeany payment upon the unpaid purchase price, within thirty days afterthe entry of an order requiring suchpayment.Said sale may be adjourned or postponed from time to time, on the request of the complainant, or on therequest of the United States TrustCompany, Trustee, or its solicitors.For greater particularity referenceis hereby made to said decree.J. W. MENZIES,Special Master.June 3-10-17-24REXLiquid Poultry Remedy 25c"Saves the Sick"For Gape, While Di-ariheoi,Roup,I,iml)er-n'ckard all Poultryd eases.No due NoP", It works '5v!.iiete3' roost.L-y- Killer ic.Has no "equal" as alice, mi t and germ kil1 r. Bestich iqr altsores and cits on MlstOv.k. Finest diMiifcctpnt for houp. stable&r--J-P - -dog kennel and hen house. BY MAI I cc'THE REX CHEMICAL CO., Newport, Ky,SOLD BYVarden & Son, I,. A.Soper, Little Rock,.D. E. Clark & Co., Millersburgj Ky."tollof, iuneV s . '-5 "'T'a J&fZZTTjznS913.Victor Bogaert Co., !Jewelers and ImporetrsDEALERS INI Diamonds and IPreciousStonesWe carry a large assortmenteverything in the Jewelry line.Your patronage is solicited.VICTOR B0GAERT CO.,1 33-1 35 W. Main St.,Lexington, -Caylor Simmons23489Dark bay horse, 16 hands high, weighs1,200 lbs.By Simmons Boy 17517, sire of Silver Simmons 2:16, Simmonette 2:19,etc.1st dam Brilliante, by Wilkes Boy2:24K, sire of Courier-Journal 2:06,Judge Swing 2:08X, York Boy 2:08and nearly 100 others in 2:30 list.2nd dam Grace Ashland by AshlandChief 751, son of Mambrino Chief II.3rd dam Pong by Old Pilot.4th dam Meg by Boston, (thoroughbred.) TAYLOR SIMMONS will make theseason of 1913 at my stables in Pan's,on High street, near 2nd street, at$15 toT InsureThe ideal carriage horse is theAmerican trotting bred horse, withsize, speed, courage, and the truetrotting gait, with plenty of knee andhock action. In addition he musthave a clean cut head and neck, styleand finish, plenty of substance without coarseness.Recognizing the demand for thisclass of horses, I selected Tajrlor Simmons 23489, a young horse which fillsall the requirements of the typicalcarriage horse. If the. theory that"like begets like" be true, he willproduce horses of this type whenmated with good mares. Through hisveins flow the blood of the greatesttrotting families. He traces twice toGeorge Wilkes and five times to Mambrino Chief II. Thi3 is backed by thestout thoroughbred blood of Boston.A few of the fancy priced onessired by Taylor Simmons: Thendara,winner in the walk-trot class at theBlue Grass Fair m 1907, LouisvilleHorse Show and in the East, sold byCol. C. L. Raileyfor 2,500; AlleenPowers, sold to Godfrey Priest, ofNew York, for $1,000; Little Natb,sold for 500 to Eastern parties. Hisget are always commanding the pricethat pay a man to raise good stock.Lien retained on oolts untilj seasonmoney is paid.Imp. Joe IIPure Bred Shetland Stallion.Imp. Joe II, sorrel and white, registered at Port Huron, August 28,1905, No. vol. 14, page 3. Sire Jim,No. 292 ; dam Banbsy, No. 1410. Asure foal getter.10 TO INSURE A LIVING COLTTom MackThe celebrated ' James E. Clay Jack,will make the season at Murphy'sYards. Tom Mack is the best breederof mules that ever stood in the county.$12,T0 INSURE IilVINGCOLT$20 JENNETM.J.MURPHY,Paris, Ky.FilmsDevelopedAny Size6 or 12Exposuresmmmmmm. tmmmseason 1913The only reduction is in price. Thequality of the work and our service remain as high and unapproachable as:everF. E.222 W, Main St.,LHIGH-CLASSof Sterling Silver, and- Kentucky ISpecial Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther NoticeWe pay 12 l-2c for greenbeef hides. Call us up. .or bring it to our placeMAX MUNICK,8th Street, PARIS, KYCall East Tenn. Phone 374 I :Professional CardsJ.J. WTLIiTAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.itoom 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones J . T 1?J-Home 136.Residence J -E T- 334aesiaence j HomeDR.A.H' KELIiEK,Practicing Physician.Offices, Roomsand 5, Elk's Bid gParisKentuckyCurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,. (Next to Bourbon Bank) "3;- CHAIRS.- 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot andXoId j Baths at AIIHoursNo LongWaits.0A Share of the Public Pat-;ronage Solicited.10cA ROLLy.JOHNS,r - -. ' - v v f . l -yLexington, Ky4j&-mi-$'4.'- - vs ?.W4!Phone 61 7V-tsrt- ffc-riu-V tv. .. ',.jr" bjJ- ,. , -- J -I -t'1HL BOURBON NEWS, "PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 3, 19139ftiK,y.-vf-DULL COURT.Few Mules on the Market and NoCattle Offered.Yesterday was one of the dullest-court days in many months. Onlya small crowd in attendance, the'banners being busily engaged, thear&in furnishing an excellent tobaccoseason, taking, advantage 6Z the condition to finish setting the crop.There were about ten mules on themarket but the demand was equal toth'e supply. Caywood & McClintockpurchased -one pair from Mr. Hicksait $335 and sold one pair to Marshall& Thome, of Lexington, for $380.No cattle were offered at the pensof M. J. Murphy & Co.I. D. Thompson sold to CharlesThompson, of Lexington, a pair ofmules for 480.Spring Goods.Don't forget to come to CharleyMunson's on the south side of thecourt house, for your spring gods.We carry everything and sell at lowprices. 27-4tMakes Big Wool Purchase.One of the largest purchases ofKentucky wool made this season wasthe result 6t a deal closed Friday andwhen Mr. Leslie Combs, of Lexington, purchased the entire wool pool ofBoone county. The sale was made atthe Emery Hotel in Cincinnati, wherebids were received from prospectivepurchasers in Louisville, Baltimoreand New York. The entire wool clipof Boone county aggregates about 50000 pounds for which Mr. Combs paid22 cents per pound.MATRIMONIAL NOTESROBINSON-CLARK.Mr. E. L. Clark and Miss GeorgiaRobinson, an attractive couple fromLexington, came to Paris yesterdayafternoon and after securing a marriage license, were united in marriageby Squire L. J. Fretwell in his private office in the court house.COLLEGE COMMENCEMENTExercises Held Wednesday EveningBefore a Large Audience.DEATHSNFMNFRALSNORMAN.Edward Scott Norman, agedabout two years, died Thursday atthe home of his parents, Mr. and Mrs.Scott Norman, near Hutchison, of tuberculr meningitis, and the body wastaken to Cane Ridge Friday, where itwas interred in the Cane Ridge cemetery. CRUMP.Mr. J. W. Crump, 58 years old diedat his home in Little Rock early Friday morning, after an illness extending over a period of several years, andfor the past six months he had suffered intensely.Mr. Crump is survived by his wife,to whom he ha been married twentysix years, and seven children. Thefuneral was held Sunday afternoonat his late residence conducted byRev. Humphreys, of the Methodistchurch, and Rev. Carl Agee, of theLittle Rock Christian church. Burialin the Letton cemetery.Women's Pumps & Oxfords"Women's White Canvas Pumps,flat silk bows, white canvasheels, our stock No. 1457; excellent values at 3.00.Women's Patent LeatherPumps,nice models for growing girlsand. young misses. Our stockNo. 1450. Well priced at 3 00.IWeraen's Black Velvet Pumps,finely. A model that is verypopular this season. Our stockNo. 1456 , at $3 00.Women's Gun Metal Two-StrapPumps, medium wide toe, medium heels, two, straps acrossinstep, small silk bows. Ourstock No. 1454. Splendid valuesat $3.00.Women's Gun Metal Oxfords,medium round toe, mediumheels, good values at 3.00.Women's Black Satin Pumps,our jno. i4o&, uat satin dows,satin covered low heels. Handturned soles. Unusual valuesat C3.00.RASH & CLAY, Inc.GOOD SHOES FOR EVERYBODY264 W. MAIN STLEXINGTON, KY.IThe commencement exercises ofBourbon College were held in theChristian Church Wednesday eveningin the presence of a large audienceThis institution was unfortunate someweeks ago in the levelopment of acase of scarlet fever, and as a precautionary measure, the studentswere dismised before the calendarwhich had been annauncel coull becarried out. But now that all danger of contagion is pased the gradution class returned Wednesday to receive their diplomas, and the . exercises were fully up to the high stanlard of the college.Miss Giltner, who has charge of themusic department, was called to herhome in Misouri, Monday, on account of a death in her family; butMiss Thomson, the talented daughter of President apd Mrs. Thompson,took charge of the musical qrogramin a maner which was entirely to hercredit.President Thomson delivered theaddress to the graduates and presented the diplomas in language whichwas full of wholesome advice andadmonition.There were nine grauates, oneof whom, Mis Mamie Dillard, hadreturned to her home in Louisiana,after graduating in music, and herdiploma will be forwarded to her.The eight young ladies, daintilygowned in white and carying armbouquets of white roses, presented abeautiful picture as they slowlymarched down the aisles acompaniedby their maids of honor, dressed inpink and blue, and ranged themselveson the platform, which was appropriately decorated with growing plantsand spring flowers.The calss of 1913 is as folows:Mises Mamie Godard, Harrodsburg;Edith Higins, Bourbon county; LoisSquires, Burgin; .Ida Mae Erion,Bourbon; Ethel Allen, Harrodsburg;Armyl Cornish, Harrodsburg; HazelHouston, Bourbon; Mamie Dillard,Plain Dealing, La., and Nannie BruceMiler, Class President, Paris.The maids of honor were MissesSara Webb, Margaret Ardery, DeliaBuchanan, Rebecca Redmon, Cora V.Parson, Eula Calvert, ElizabethMann, Margaret Stone and MargaretShive.The gold medal which is offeredannully by Dr. M. H. Dailey for goodhousekeping, was awarded to MissElizabeth Clay Mason, of Bourbon.The piano selections by MissesThomson and Eliot, and the vocalnumber by Miss Elizabeth Mann,were charmingly rendered."The young gentlemen who acted asushers for the occasion, were Messrs.Joseph W. Davis, Jr., James Thompson, Jr., Coleman Renick, John Ardery, Edgar Vansant and IrelandDavis.Dr. B. M. Shive, of the Presbyterian Church, made the invocationand the Rev. W. E. Ellis, of theChristian Church, pronounced thebenediction.mmIiJMMMMMBMMBWRffEMBgMRMWWgHft jj)jbfflWWHflB WBBfeiAnybody Can OperateBrinly LeverlessCultivatorsUI Brinly Leverless Cultivator. INOjLEVERS vNO SPRINGSALWAYS IN BALANCENo Neck Weight or Flying Upof Pole.Will Do More Work, Do It Better, Longer and Easierand Without Those Frequent Break-downs,You Have With Other CultivatorsDraft One-fourth Lighter than on Ordinary Cultivators.For Sale ByYcrkcs & Prichard,Dealers inFarm Machinery, Wagons, Buggies, Coal and Salt,a ai irfmtf-ferftflioc sarin .aHnrrAVmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmkmr.Bacterial Count of Paris Milk jOn May 1. and 21 samples weretaken from eleven dairy wagons inand s,ent to the Experiment Stationat Lexington for analysis. Only onesample was below the percent offat, required by law. The bacterialcount as follows :Dairy No. 1 Bacteria er C. C.(cubic centimeter), 15000 B., coligroup per C. C, 0.Dairy No. 2 Bacteria per C. C,20,000; B. Coll per C. C. 0.Dairy No. 3 Bacsteria per C. C.140,000; B. Coli per C. C, 0.Dairy No. 4 Bacteria per C. C,140,000; B. Coli per C. C, 1,000.Dairy No. 5 Bacteria per C. C,145,000; B. Coli per C. C, 2,000.Dairy No. 6 (average) Bacteriaper C. C, 178,500; B.Coli per C. C,650.Dairy No. 7 (average) Bacteriaper C. C, 308,000; B. Coli per C. C,1,700.Dairy No. 8 Bacteria per C. C.450,000; B. Coli per C. C, 0.Dairy No. 9 Bacteria per C. C,460,000; B. Coli per C. C, 50,00.Dairy No. 10 Bacteria per C. C,1,875,000; B. Coli per C. C, 6,000.vDairy No. 11 Bacteria per C. C,3,180,000; B. Coli per C. C, 55,000.The dairies are numbered merelyfor convenience. We do not desireto hurt any one's business and, therefore, do not publish the names ofthese dairies. We are striving for apurer milk supply for Paris and webelieve that the dairymen will hastento improve their methods of handling and marketing milk and thereby decrease the number of bacteria.The consumer must demand thepurer article.The kinds of bacteria found inmilk are varied bacteria acidbacilus, typhoid, diphtheria, tuberculosis and the ger.ms of the colongroup.The lactic acid germs isvaluableto the dairyman, for ripening creamfor butter making, but renders itundersirable for drinking purposes.The next group can speak for itselfThe bacteria of the colon group arefilth germs only. They are neverpresent where milk is handled in aclean manner. They cause intestinal disturbances of various kindsespecialy the so-caled summer-complaintin small childrfen.It is rather interesting to note thatthe standard of measure, a cubic centimeter, is about equal to a quaterof a teaspooful. Thin of 3,000,000germs in one quarter teaspoonful ofmilk! And then consider that for allthe first year, and almost all the second, of a baby's life, milk is its solediet. Do you wonder that th erateof infant mortality is so high.Do you know whether the cow orherd from which your milk is supplied, is tuberculin test or not. Itis a State law. 'Do you know whetheryour milk is cooled immediately aftermilking, thereby preventing themilkmilking, and preventing multiplicationof bacteria. Do you leave your milkon the porch for hours to further develop these disease germs. Do youlet you botles stand, uncovered, forflies and dust to enter at will?Write to the Department of Agriculture at Washington, D. C, forFarmers' Bulletin No. 63, and followit.MEMBERS OF BABY'S HEALTHLEAGUE.Graduating Gifts.We have a beautiful selection ofgraduating gifts, such as books, fancypicture frames, etc. Come in and lookthem over.6tf PARIS BOOK STORE.BRIDES FATTENED.Unique Procedings Before She Becomes a Wife.Hookworm in Madison County,Dr. I. A. Shirley, of Winchester, hasturned in his report on hookwormconditions as he found them in Madison county. As the result of l;47opeople being examined, he found that148 had hookworm, while 924 sufferfrom some other intestinal parasite.It is interesting to conjecture whatAmerican girls who are about to bemarried would think of the "fattinghouse" custom of the Ekoi tribes ofSouth Africa. For there girls whohave been betrothed are forced to gointo retirement for a considerableleugth of time -while the are dietedand strengthened and fattened fortheir coming marriage.The girl is not permitted to spendmonths in strenuous preparation forthe ceremony. The man objects tosuch a proceeding. He says quitefrankly that he wants her fresh andstrong and perfectly rested. And herparents gather all the money to behad and spend it willingly in givingher the necessary seclusion.First she is decked out in the conventional "fattening-house" costume,which is of the oddest. The "fat-ting-house"ornaments consist of longtassels and heavy, elaborate shains,made of dried palm-leaf fibers anddied a vivid red. These are hungmany times about the neck.The body from the waist is smeared heavily with .the same red dye,made from the camwood tree, andthe face is painted in curious patterns and colors. The stranger andmore hideous the patern the bettersatisfied is the girl. The hair isdressed very elaborately, high on theliead and profusely decorated with.combs and pompons and beads of allkinds and descriptions.Then after all of that is duly attended to, she is put in the "fattinghouse" and kept there for varyingperiods, from a few months to acoupje of years, according to thewealth of the parents. For -theboardat such places is not cheap, andoften a family's purse is strained toafford the daughter a lengthy stay.She is not allowed to do any worknor to go out, except at regular intervals for exercise. And all the timeshe is most carefully and abundantlyfed, that she may be plump andhealthy.It seems that the Ekoi braves donot care for thin wives, and it wasbecause of their tastes that such acustom originated. The girls arepermitted no diversions, either, ex-icept if they wish, they may paint the Iwalls of their room. But they are notallowed to wash their faces duringthe whole of their seclusion, for ifthey do misfortune is sure to followthem in their married, life. Thenat the end of their retirement a wildfestival is held, and the marriagetakes place. .jgolored Fair Dates Changed,he dates of the Paris Colored FairAssociation, which has heretoforebeen held folowing the exhibition ofthe Bourbon County Agricultural Society, in September, will this year beheld in August following the BourbonFair and will begin Tuesday, Aug.26, continue for five days..HARVE FIELDS, Pres.30-3t STEVE MOORE, Sect.Fine Stationery.New shipment of Crane's fine stationery in the latest style note paper,envelopes, correspondence cards, birthannouncements, etc.6tf PARIS BOOK STORE.Livtd Nearly Year W-fth Broken NckrJames Crockett died at kkbemp totMontgomery county Frtday. Hlrneck was broken by a diT in thcreek eleven months ago. He hackbeen ahelples invalid since. He watwrnitv-three vears old. - aExpert Barber.Mr. Carl Crawford, a barber-of 36years' experience, invites the publicsto his new shop at Windsor HotelTwo chairs. Prompt service. Children's work a specialty. Razors honed satisfactorily.Greece has practically a world monopoly'in the cultivation of currents.Strawberry Supper.The Young Women's Mission Circle of the Christian church will givev-a strawberry supper on the lawn orMessrs. Thomas" and Edward Owensat the corner of Fifth and Pleasantstreets tomorrow night. Admissiom15 cents."rne servantQuestion Solved!Be Independentuse a Sas StangefWhat's it matter if the cook doesn't show upin the morning? It's easy to cook with gas. Dothe work in one-third the time at a small cost. AGas Range handles its own fuel, you never haveto think about feeding the fire.It makes no ashes, soot, smoke or dirt. It isthe most sanitary ccok stcve made.It is hot for the cooking, but cool for the cook.It is afsafe stove, all danger eliminated.It cooks with absolute certainty; results areknown in advance.It is always waiting for the cook the cooknever has to wait for it.It is the economical way ci cooking, fires canbe made or put out instantly.You Should Investigate The GasRange Way,And Don't ForgetThe Electric Light, the Right LightWe are still Wiring Houses at Cost on themonthly payment plan. You will appreciate Electricity during the Summer.Pails Gas i EleciriG Go.Incorporated.u, ,JtSwR WnmmmmmmmmK x-fc. fev 'eSsJTI iSSmmmmmmmSS v"i-Wv vw.-v."kA 3. Jii?jmmmmmmmt!This Property Will be Sold fggat AuctionSaturday, June 7at 2 O'ClockS. E. BORLAND.-v--!-".THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 3, 1913N.il"ft,XOIL; BOUBBON NEWS.mHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADEHOUSE FURNISHINGS. if you want to getthe best at the lowestorice, see my stockof house-furnishingsSave you money.J.T. HINTON.You Will Be Pleased.Get shoe satisfaction by trading attf FELD'S.GRADUATION PRESENTS.For graduation gifts andnovelties that are nice andappropriate at popular prices,the place to buy is- SHIRE & fiTHIAN'SA Call on R. O. Turner.If Mr. Robert O. Turner will consent to make the race for Magistratefrcni the Ruddles Mjlls district, hevI receive the heirty support ofMANY DEMOCRATS.Strawbery Supper.The Young Women's Mision Circle wil give a strawberry supper tomorrow night on the lawn of theand Fifth streets. Abmission 15cents.Special Panama Sale $5.00A genuine Panama of fine textureand full shape.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Piano Recital.The pupils of Mrs. Camila Wilsonand Miss Frances Johnson gave apiano recital at the City. School auditorium on Saturday evening. An excellent program was beautifully rendered before an appreciative audienceOLDEST COMPANY."Hail ""insurance ontobacco. Oldest company in the business.Thomas 8c Woodford.A. L. Stephenson.In another column will be foundthe official announcement of Mr. A.Li. Stephenson as a candidate for theoffice of Magistrate from the Glintonville precinct. Mr. Stephenson isa good Democrat nd an industriousfarmer of that neighborhood and hasa host of friends who say he willmake a strong race.PARIS TEACHERS GO TO SAYRE.Miss Rice Thursman, of WestPoint. Kv for the last year a member of the faculty of Bourbon Col- Ljexingtlege, in this city, has taken the chair Ars- Jof Latin at Sayre College ,in Lexing- S1 caton, and will go to Lexington mSeptember to assume her new duties.Miss Thurman is one of the bestknown and most talented teachersin Kentucky.Mrs. Fain, for sometime head ofthe primary department in BourbonCollege, has also severed her connection with this institution andwill enter Sayre next year as instuctor in thet primary department.GenuinevArticle.We have the genuine Blue Lick water on sale. This is no manufacturedwater but is the real thing.It JAS. E. CRAVEN.Try Our Cleaning Department.If you are dissatisfied with the workyou have been getting, bring yourwork to us. We represent the bestin the country, Tesdale, of Cincinnati.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Confederate Decoration Day.The graves of the dead Confederates in the Paris cemetery will bedecorated today with appropriate exercises , at 3 p. m. An excellentprogram in honor of the occasionwill be rendered.Rev. E. M . Lightfoot, pastor ofthe Bptist Church, will deliver anaddress, whicir will be followed bysongs rendered by the members ofthe Hamilton Guards, the children'sauxiliary of the Richard Hawes Chapter, U. D. C, will have charge of theexercises.At the conclusion of the services,the cross of honor will be conferredupon a number of the Confederateveterans.New Dry Cleaning Agency.We are agents for Teasdale of Cincinnati, who are the best in the Central West, and we solicit the work ofboth ladies and gentlemen, and guarantee good work.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Annuonces for Magistrate.In this issue of the News appearsthe announcement of Mr. Ernest Martin, of this city, as a candidate forMagistrate from the Paris precinct.Mr. Martin is one of the young business men of this city, being connectedwith the firm of Martin Bros., andis very popular. He is well acquainted and has during the past four yearsserved as special deputy in the Sheriff's office.Mr. Marthin enters the race withthe assurance of the support of a hostof strong supporters who will be inthe fight until the polls close on thedate of the primary, August 2, and it36 a Fafe prediction that his unswerving Democracy and personal popularity will command a hearty sup.pert.SOCIAL AND. PERSONALMrs. P. A. Thompson is visitingrelatives in Covington.Mr. A. J. Gorey, of Covington, isthe guest of relatives in this city.Mrs Emilee Hibler Reidr of Mt.Sterling, was a visitor in Paris FridayMr. John Tame, of Boyle county,was among the visitors in Paris yesterday. Mr. W. B. Tinsley will leave Wednesday for a visit to relatives inRoanoke, Va.Miss Anna Embry, of this city,attended the Threlkeld dance in Nicholasville Friday night.Miss Dorothy Paynter left Fridayfor Lexington to spend the summerwith her sister, Mrs. Foster.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Wright andchildren, of Winchester, were guestslast week of relatives in this city.Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Boooth entertained last Thursday at their home onthe Jackstown pike with an elegantdinner.Col. and Mrs. George Edgar havemoved to the attractive cottage of Dr.and Mrs. J. T. Vansant at the cornerof Pleasant and Eleventh streets.Miss Lillie Dennison, of this city,who was taken to a Lexington hospital last week fori an operation forappendicitis is getting along nicely.Mrs. J. T. Hinton, Jr., of Huntington, W. Va., who has been ill at theGood Samaritan Hospital, is the guestof Mrs. Albert Hinton, on Pleasantstreet.Mr. and Mrs. White Varden arespending the week with the family ofthe latter's father, Mr. D. C. Lisle,near Centreville.Mis Nettie Horton, who has beentell guest of her sister, Mrs. CatesbyWoodford, in this county, has returned to her home in Mt. Sterling.Mr. and Mrs. O. L. Davis and Mr.and Mrs. Buckner Woodford, Jr.,leave to-day for an automobile tripto Louisville, French Lick and Indianapolis to be gone about ten days.Hon. Robert H. Winn, Hon. J.Will Clay, Col. Rufus Hadden, 'andMr. R. P. Thomas, of Mt. Sterling,were among the court day visitors inParis yesterday.Mrs. Benjamin Woodford entertained Friday afternoon at her homein the country for the Six-HandEuchre Club. The guests were served with an elegnt lunch after whichthe gmes were enjoyeda.Mr. Edward Sparks, Mrs. F. P.Kiser, Mrs. Luther Rice and Mr.Emil Raines, of Paris, returned Sunday night from Indinapolis, Ind.,where they atended the motor races.The trip was made in Mr. Sparks'automobile.Mr. D. Hume, of this city, wastaken to the Good Samaritan Hospital in Lexington Saturday, where heunderwent an operation for appendicitis. Reports from his bedsidelast night were to the effect that hewas getting along nicely.On Thursday at their home nearKiserton, Mr. and Mrs. James T.Kiser entertained with an elegantdinner. The following named guestswere present: Mr. and Mrs. JamesT. Lawell and Mrs. James R.Bagge,ofLexington, Mr. Aquilla Willett andC. Snyder, ofParis, Mr. Vir-;s, of Huntington, W. Va.,Mr. Joe Hughes, of Spring Lake, Ky.,Mr. E. W. Kiser, Mr. Miller WardKiser, Misses J. B. Elizabeth, Jennie,Lucretia and Mary Frances Kiser.Revenue Assignments for BourbonFollowing are the revenue assignments for Bourbon for themonth ofJune:G. G. White Co.: J. M. Russell, day;W. J. Kenton, additional and bottling;W. G. Cook, gauger.Julius Kessler & Co.: C. L. Hough,day; J. A. Rowland, bottling; J. PHutchcraft and J. M. Burb ridge, ddditional; W. G. Cook, gauger.Handsome Gift to Paris Hospital.Mrs.Green Clay of Mexico, Mo.,whoarrived in this city iast week hasmade a gift of 5,000 to the W. W.Massie Memorial Hospital to endow aroom in memory of Hon.Rhodes Clay,a son of General and Mrs. Clay, whoat the time of his death was a member of the Virginia Legislature. Hisdeath occurred on July 10,1902. Thegift to the Paris hospital is made inaccordance with the expressed wishof Col Clay that $5,000. be given tosome worthy cause in memor of hisson. General Clay was brother ofCol. E. F. Clay and Hon. C. M. Clay,of Bourbon county. At the time ofhis death General Clay owned an estate of 2,000 acres of land near Mexico,, Mo. He left Bourbon countyabout forty years ago locating in theWest where he amassed an immensefortune.During the Civil War he wasa General in the Federal Army, whilehis other brothers espoused the causeof the South and served in the Confederate ranks. After the war hewas Secretary of the Legation onRussia and served in the diplomaticservice in Italy.Tom Thumb Weding Quite Success.The Tom Thum Wedding preseitat the opera house Friday was asuccess in every particular and theperformance -of the little folks wasthoroughly enjoyed by a large audience. The play was given for thebenefit of the Presbyterian Churchand was participated in only by children. Through the effort sof the womeinof the church the children weretained in a faultless fashion and eachacquitted himself o herself in a manner that would do credit to mostamateurs.To enumerate the participants andto give each credit they so richly deserve, would be almost an endlesstask, as the playes were so numeoousand the parts so well taken. Thelarge audience fully enjoyed the efforts of the children and quite a neatsum wos relized from the perfom-i anee.)Hamilton College Commencement.The forty-fourth annual commencement of Hamilton 'College extendsfrom June 6 to 11, 1913. On Fridayevening, June 6 will occur in the college chapel the certificate recital ofthe music department. On the nextevening will be a like program givenby those who complete the course inExpression. On Sunday evening,June 8, in the Lexington Auditorium,will be held the joint baccalaureateexercises of the University, includingalso the College of the Bible andHamilton College. Rev. Roger T.Nooe, of Frankfort, Kentucky, willdeliver the address of the evening.t)n Monday afternoon there will be anexhibition of the work of the studentsin the Department of Art, and onTuesday evening in the College Chapel there will be given the annual public program of the Marlowe Club. OnWednesday morning at 10 o'clock, inthe College Chapel will be held theClass-day exercises, followed by theplanting of the ivy.Garden Hose.We have a big stock of garden hoseand all kinds of nozzles. Telephoneus your order; all sizes and prices.JOHN J. CONNELLY,lG-9t The Plumber.Badly Injured by Horse.As the result of an accident whishoccurred Saturday night about 12o'clock, Mr. Martin O'Conner, residing near this city, was seriously injured' Mr. O'Conner was returningdrivings' young horse to a break cart.When in front of the plant of theBourbon steam laundry on Seventhstreet, the aniual became frightenedand' turning suddenly threw him fromthe vehicle, beneath the hoofs of thehorse which stepped on his head, inflicting a severe wound.A physician was summoned, andthe injured man was taken to hishome, where his injuries were givenattention.Garden Hose.We have a big stock of garden hoseand all kinds of nozzles. Telephoneus your order; all sizes and prices.JOHN J. CONNELLY,16-9t The Plumber.Appointed Temporary WardenMr. J. Quincy Ward, ExecutiveAgent, for the State Fish and GameCommission, has appointed Mr. Geo.M. Hill, of Paris, to act temporarilyas game Warden for Bourbon andHarrison counties. Mr. Hill enteredupon the duties of his position yesterday and will make an active warfareagainst violators of the game laws.OOO- v-OOO &9mFurniture loving,City Transferand First-CiassLiveryOur Facilities forHeavy Hauling isGood.Our Livery is as good as theother fellows. Horses fedby the week or month.We would appreciate ashare of your businebs.Prompt attention given allorders.Both Phones 260.MARTIN BROS., ,Eighth St.,Paris, KentuckyFOR RENT.Furnished roomHome Phone 290withbath. Call3-(2t)LOST.Betwen Cynthiana and Lexington,(via Paris) a rear nickel-plated lightfrom Oldsmobile Autocrat car. Aliberal reward will be paid for itsrecovery.R. V. BISHOP,Cynthiana, Ky.For Rent.Cottage on Pleasant street betweenEighth and Ninth strets. Call E. T.Phone '34.For Rent.Desirable front rooms with boardfor both ladies and gentlemen. ApplytoMRS. WALLINGFORD,Corner Pleasant and Duncan Ave.For Sale.Nichols & Shepard Thresliing machine outfit, in good running order.Everything complete. Will sell cheap.T. B. NICHOLS;23-3t Hutchison, Ky.Martin BrosANNOUNCEMENTS.For MagistrateWe are authorized to announce A.L.i Stephenson as a candidate forMagistrate from the Clintonville district, subject to the action of theDemocratic primary, August 2, 1913.We are authorized to announceErnest Martin as a candidat for Magistrate of the Paris Magisterial District, subject to ,the Democratic primary, August 2, 1913.ix NewDanceRecordsIncludingTURKEY TROT,BOSTON,TANGO,ONE-STEP,WALTZAnd three new sons-sue-cesses, including ,THE TRAILOF THE LONESOMEPINE,Are among the latest hits.Come in and hear them.rTmj.J.T. HINTONWood MantelsIFor Commencement.WE HAVE THE NEWEST INWhite Materials, such as Voiles, Crepe VoilesMulls, &c, &c.Embroidered Flouncings and Banns to match.Laces in narrow, as well as the 27-inch and 45-inchwidths.White Charmense in Plain and Brocade.All the accessories to make the commencement and. Summer Outfit Complete.Our Stock of Trimmings is Enormous.We Can Please You.W. Ed.i0ttfW Venn. 288.Suitable GiftsBar PinsVanitiesLong ChainsFansRingsMesh BagsLavalliersLocketsHat PinsCoat ChainsWe Carry a -Special Assortment of''Goods of Quality' in the above list inSterling Silver, GoldFilled and Solid Gold.We will receive this week another large assortment of Sterling Silver Hat ins to retail for 50c apair. They have made a BIG HIT."THE HOUSE OF QUALITY."SHIRE & FITHIAN98eee9es$$sesamilNappanee Kitchen CabinetWe do not claim this Cabinet to be the best in theworld, but we DO BELIEVE THAT IT IS, and WEKNOW that it is a great deal better than some makesthat are much advertised and boosted Tand we canshow you that they are. Seeing s believing. ' Comeand see. Save you money. .A swell new line of Brass Beds and Davenportsjust received. Save you money.Now is the time to buy your Wall Paper at bigreductions. Save you money. 'Refrigerators Greatly Reduced. Save you money.SAVES YOU MONEY4 Undertaking:Tucker.f!Jtomc130.for GraduationFriendship CirclesBracelett WatchesPocket KnivesCoin CasesFobsTONN"Ambulanceit-ITHrBOURBON "NEWS; FATaSTTCfTJONO, 1913ajftywrtWii'H "'--''''WHEN THE DUMB SPEAK.1ftI8i!nH!'.ftitmiluiI "yitf8Bhi 5Mictlhjitslir,vA. M. Uaden !:210 W. Main St., S1 11Hi illf SiMany Instances. Where'. Fright. Re. stores the Power.LEXINGTON, KY.mLa Fro$1.50 np.Do the women in Iyour city knowwe specialize in fLA FRO !The Perfect Front ILaced Corset?xqcParis Odorless Cleaning Co.Men's and Ladies' Suits Cleaned,Pressed and Repaired,Ladies' Serge White Suits and Fancy Silks our specialty.AH Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblocked to your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c.mmi! rriVia rononf ncxaa nf Miss T.ilv Hurl.of Ashford, Kent, who, after beingdeaf and dumb, for twenty-one years,is slowly recovering both hearing andspeech the shock of the tragic endof her brother, who drowned himselfin the Stour, being regarded as responsible for the miraculous recoveryis by no means an isolated example ofshock succeeding where the doctorshave failed.Some time ago the narrow escapeof a boy from drowning off NorthShields Fish Quay had a remarkablesequel, says London Tid-Bits. Whileefforts were being made to restorethe apparently drowned boy to con-i sciousness by means of. artificial respiration, a man named Thomas Uummings, who had been deprived of hispowers of speech two years earlier,as the result of an accident, pushed'through the crowd merely out of curiosity. As soon as he saw the prostrate although not in any way relatedto him, the sight gave him such ashock that his speech suddenly returned, and he fell to the ground in astate of collapse. Upon recoveringhe continued to speak freely, and hassuffered no further impedimentsince.One of the most amazing cases wasthat of Walter Speck, a resident ofGlouscester, who eight years igo losthis power of speech through a shockoccasioned by the death of his father.For several weeks his wife was onlyable to understand him by watchingthe movements of his lips, and hegave up all hope of ever recoveringhis speech. Being a football enthusiast, he one day witnessed a Glouscester vs. Cheltenham match, andwhen the city team scored, Speck, inhis excitement, forgot that he hadbeen deprived of his voice, and attempted to cheer with the rest of thecrowd. To his amazement and thatof his friends, his shout was heard 'above that of any of those standingnear.- Since then Speck has beenable to converse as well as ever, andthere is no likelihood of his speechfailing him.One of the medical journals tells ofhow the fear of an accident was oncethe means of restoring speech to adumb man. Mr. J. Moore, of Gosport, had been dumb for years, when,on returning home one evening, hisbicycle skidded. In his alarm, heshouted, and wasso startled and surprised at hearing his voice that hecalled out again and again, until hewas convinced that his long-lost voicehad come back to him.It is not many years since a remarkablp c?se of dumbness excited agreat uoal of interest in medical circles in Germany. Twelve monthsearlier a Bavarian cattle dealer hadbeen kicked by a horse, with the result that he completely lost the use ofhis voice. A year later he was riding a doomed horseto the knacker'syard, when the animal, who clearlyI I'M Nte wm. a x: i ' I111, L & tMiwP JHt&ln . ?&?S1MKX nil m 11 rUftl villi TO1 is f 1 141 . Bit! m minTruck Replaced Three TeamsIC 1Sn eleven months this three-ton KisselKar Truck covered in actual service4,760 miles at a fuel cost of $1.08 per day. Manned by a driver and one helper,it replaced three teams of horses. The average daily' burden was 37 17.20thstons. It carried an average load of four tons one ton overload but in ,the entire period named, was laid up only two and one-half hours for repairs."We can recommend the KisselKar Truck and assure that it lives up to itsguarantee," writes Thomas E. Fleischer, manager of the Sheboygan Lime Works.t "4 Two and one-half hours for repairs, carrying over 37 tons per day is a record worthyof notice. KisselKar Trucks cost little to maintain and are economical to operate becausethe problem is solved in KisselKar construction.Note these striking KisselKar features Simple engine easy to operate reserve powerexcess capacity differential lock preventing one drive wheel absorbing all the power onslippery places, and stalling the truck four speed transmitters geared up fourth speedpermitting high speed when desired without racing engine ; 15 to 20 per cent, lower fuelconsumption than average trucks light spring suspension for power plant, heavy springsuspension for load gauge that weighs load greatest accessibility easy control largerbrake drums, and extra powerful brakes special bodies designed to meet every need.JCiSseljrCar vruck&1 500 lbs.-1 -2-3-4 and 5 Tons'In the range of capacity, 1500 lbs. to 5 tons, you can find just the type that fills yourrequirements and with the KisselKar Truck goes the KisselKar Service, which is themanufacturer's guarantee of satisfaction.KisselKar Service means taking off your hands all of the mechanical details.A special service building is maintained in this city for the benefit of KisselKar owners.The KisselKar service is a broad and comprehensive arrangement between manufacturer andowners that cares for the car, maintains efficiency, retards depreciation and minimizes upkeep. This service is a valuable consideration in the 'purchase of a power wagon. Investigate it.Ask us to analyze your present horse haulage ss compared to motor haulage. The .result will be interesting.Send for free book showing KisselKar Trucks in actual use in your line and many otherlines' of business.The Following Lines of Business Have RecentlyBought Kissel-Kar TrucksIron and Steel, Lumber, Textile, Milling, Giocery, Dry Goods, Dairy, Furniture, Fruit, Commission, Transfer, Bus, Hotel, Caterer, Brewery, Building Supplies, Contracting, Plumbing, Canning, Oil, Telephone,laundry, Bakery, Confectionery, Ice, Coal, Farming, Hardware, Ice Cream, Creamery, Producel Crockery, Undertaking and to municipalities Fire, Health and Police departments. We make them to suit theneeds of any business.Phone 2105.O. R. HUKLE,51 3 West Main Street,Lexington,JOF CARPETS, RUGS, MATTINGSAND LINOLEUMS.Now for Your Spring CIcaniR9x12 Wiltana Seamless Velvet Eug, 35. CO,now $25.00uxl2 AxminsterKugs, $32.00 xnow 22.509x12 Seamless Brussels Rug, 820.00,xlO C i ex Rugs, 12.00,now 9.00II11)1 A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co. j IHI Main and Third Sfs. OKAS. GRENN, Mgr. Paris, Ky. I feihad plenty of life left in him, beganto kick and plunge in a dangerousmanner. The man, we are told, losthis head completely in wild excitement, and after a few minutes beganto talk, completely regaining his powers of speech, to the boundless astonishment of hisfriends. 9Use Trolley for Torture.An extraordinary scene was witnessed in Calcutta recently when asmall trolley, studded with rows ofiron spikes, on which a Hindu waslying at full length, was being pulledthrough the streets. t A large covdwas following. Inquiries elicitedth e information that the man wasdoing penance, and was on his wayto the temple ofthe goddess Kali , atKalighat. The Hindu had been several days on the journey, and was ina terrible condition.The spikes, which numbered about150, were quite large and sharp, andthe man wore only a loin cloth. Hemust have been suffering acute pain,from the fac t that his body wasbruised and lacerate,d all over as aresult of lying on the sharp nails.Neither the police nor any passer-bymade any attempt to stop the self-imposedtorture.Mexican Is King, of Millionaires.Land holdings are concentrated toa greater degree in Mexico todaythan they were in France in 1789.Seven thousand families hold practically all the arable land. If the distribution were proportionally thesame as, it is in the United States, onemillion Mexican families would be inpossession of titles to landed property. The general result of this systemin Mexico is that the country has fallen far behind her neighbors in everything that stands for progress. Thewell-to-do are too far away from thepoor to be of any use to them, andthepoor are too poor to be of any use tothemselves or to society. While tremendously rich in natural resources,Mexico is very poor when it comes toproduction. Especially is Mexicopoor in agricultural production. Themillion-acre farms lie mostly fallow.Modern machinery is .needed, but themodern machinery will never be introduced so long as the peon is socheap that primitive methods arecheaper than machine methods.Mexico has no home market tospeak of, for only a small proportionof the population ever has any moneyto spend for anything. Many of therichest families live in Europe andnever visit the country from whichthey derive their sustenance. As tothe rest, it may be said that the population of Mexico is only 3,000,000.The other twelve milion are cattle,or may be classed as cattle.so far asfurnishing a home market is concerned.FORot CashCREAMBecome a Tri-State Shipper to-day for Shipping Cream to the Tri-State Butter Co., Cincinnati, Ohio, isProfitable Steady year around market at the highest creamery butter price for butter fat; producers averaging from $75 to 100 per year 'per cow fromthe sale of butter fat.Safe A $75,000 corporation with an established reputation guaranteeing your shipments against lossor damage in transit.Easy You can make your shipments every three or-four days when most convenient, cream sweetor sour.Write For Free Trial Cans To-dayGive us a trial without cost to you and let our SPOT CASHPay Checks reward you.The Tri-State Butter Company,Cincinnati, Ohio..HUSBAND RESCUEDDESPAIRINGWIFEAfter Four Years of DiscouragingConditions, Mrs. Bullock GaveUp in Despair. HusbandCame to RescueShake Off Your Rheumatism.Now is the time to get rid of yourrheumatism. Try a twenty-five centbottle of. Chamberlain's Liniment andsee how quickly your rheumatic painsCatron, Ky. In an interesting letterfrom this place, Mrs. Bettie Bullockwrites as follows : "I suffered for fouryears, with womanly troubles, and duringthis time, 1 could only sit up for a littlewhile, and could not walk anywhere attil. At times, I would have severe painstn my left side.The doctor was called in, and his treatment relieved me for a while, but I wassoon confined to my bed again. Afterthat nothing seemed to do me any good.I had gotten so weak 1 could not stand,and I gave up in despair.At last, my husband got me a bottle ofCardui, the woman's tonic, and I commenced taking it. From the very firstdose, I could tell it was helping me. Ican now walk two miles without itstiring me, and am doing all my work."If you are all run' down from womanlytroubles, don't give up in despair. TryCardui, the woman's tonic. It has helpedmore than a million women, in its 50years of continuous success, and shouldsurely help you, too. Your druggist hassold Cardui for years. He knows what'it will do. Ask him. He will recommend it. Begin taking Cardui today.Write to: Chattanooga AWIdne Co.. LadtesAdvisory Dept., Owttanooga, Team, for Special-'Instructions en your case and 64-page book. HomTreatment far Wesea." sent in plain wrapper. jf;;.." Ji4V,z9r;4K;-rdisappear., Sold 'by all dealers.-A -THE BOURBON NEWS, - PARIS, KY., JUNE 3 1913iVI&rInstant ReliefYou can stop that awful itch from-feczema and other skin troubles in twoseconds.Seems too good to be true but it istrue, and we vouch for it.Just a few drops of the simple, cooling .wash, the D.D.D. Prescription foreczema, and the itch stops instantly."We give you enough to prove it for 50cents.Now, if you have tried a great manycures for eczema and have been disapfWK&vk VCv fill yZf aA perfect oil for either air-cooled or water-vycooled automobiles.vania Crude. Apale.feeds freely. Positivelyfirst nurchase of one bbl.nish FREE one 55 gal. steel barrel with faucet, fine to use byyou for permanent storage. Price of oil in iron bbis., 45c per gallon.Order from es yew tajoliae, cap CHAS. C. STOLLOIL CO. "EngUine", powerful liquid1 creue, bard oil, traaxmuilon oil. T,T.?VfWe're Now Showing Our Full Line ofSPRING MODELS!In the CelebratedSchloss Bros. & Co.High-Class Men's Suits.They Represent the New NorfoIks,the New English Cutand the Conservative Models, all BeautifullyTailored. PricesVanging from $35 to $35TTTST INOur complete line of Emerson Shoes,f Hawes Van Gal Hats,Stetson Hats, Lion ShirtsTWIN 'BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L Wollstein, Propri or.Special Rates & Excursion?.Eucursion to Cincinnati, Ohio,and returnSunday, 3une $tl$1.50 ROUND TRIPThis train leaves Paris at 7:50 a.in., arriving Cincinnati 10:30 a.m., returning leaves Fourth St.station, Cincinnati, at 7 p. m.Tickets good on special trainonly.Low round-trip Summer Tourist tickets to all Summer resortsin the North and Northwest onsale May. 15 to Sept. 30. Finallimit date 31, 1913, with liberalstop-over privileges.For further information, callon or address.W. H. HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, T. A."W. N. Barkley Mrs. W. N. BarkleyWoman's Exchange & Cafe112 N. Upper Street,Lexington, KentuckyHome-made Cakes, Breads, Pies, Candies, Croquetts, Salads, Pickles, ChowvChow, Ftc, received fresh daily.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Supper; also lunches and short orders at allSiours with the best the market affords.28mar6ino)per FMLQffiG6nt. $1,006 to $100,000W. KING & SON,"125 Cheapside. Lexington, Ky."Roxk" Davis !Qie Insurance flgcnllife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire,r Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies.GiveOH "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137from Eczemapointed, do not make the mistake ofrefusing to try this soothing wash. Allother druggists keep this D.D.D. Prescriptiongo to them if you can'tcome to -us but if you come to ourstore we will give you the first dollarbottle on our positive no pay guarantee, that D.D.D. will stop the itch atonce.D.D.D. Soap keeps the pores healthyask us about itChas. E. Butler & Son, Pans, Ky.The best lubricationwithout carbonMade from finest Pennsylthin, hieh fire testoil whichfree from carbon. On vourof No Carb Auto Oil will furT,?J? L'J I . x explowe for gasoline engines.Schange'sCandy Kitcken,119 S. Upper,LEXINGTON, KY.If Yon Want to Put in WaterWorks in Your HouseOr Barn, or Bathroom Fixtures orFuruace, or Tin, Shingles or MetalRoofing, and all kinds of Tin Work,Guttering, Pipss, Filters, Water Tanks,Dipping Tanks, Sewerage Pipe andClay Flues. Concrete Work a Specialty. Give us a call.We also handle the American J ie dWite Fencing, and the best lin ofCook Stoves, Oil Stoves and Heaterson the market, and all kinds of Hardware, Farming Tools, Grates andMantels, Screen Doors, Poultry Supplies, Harness of all kinds, the W. J.Oliver Plow, the best Plow on themarket. Horse Clippers, Cement,Lime, Paint and Oils.We buy the very best goeds obtainable, and our prices are right.BEST & HAWKINS,4mar3mo Millersburg, Ky.FOR SALEResidence Property on WalkerAvenue. Adjoining BourbonCollege. Splendid Neighborhood. gBeautiful two story 'frame house ofeight rooms, four halls, bath, pantrv,etc Large corner lot, 60x212 feetGood stable and all necessary outbuildjings. Some fruit.Will be sold worth the money. Possession at once. Look this over.S. E. BORLAND,11 tf Paris, Ky.typewritersRebuilt Cike new!Remington 6, $23SmithJPremier 2, $23 IRemington 1 0, $40(Latest Model)Smith Premier 10, $40(Latest Model)Monarch, $40Underwood 4, $40Underwood 5,"$45Oliver 3, $40Oliver 5, $50L.;C. Smith & Bro., $35We Handle Carbon Paper Ribbons forll Makes.We Repair Typewriters.We have the Largest Stock in the U. S.The Joseph Candioto Co.149-151 N. BroadwayLexington, Kentucky7j9KkIi1wCYvVonthe Crops.Every part of the United States reports a larger volume of businessthanlast year and no lack of confidence inthat of the near future. JIn the City of New York there isdullness and low prices in the stockmarkets, there is a lowering of rentsin the downtown skyscrapers, largelythe result of the dispersion of thestock brokers, consequent to the dullcheck in planning of many more skyscrapers for future construction, butsecurity markets; there is also adespite these the value and volume ofcurrent business in New York is atmaximum figures.The South, the Far West, the Middle West, the North Atlantic States,as well as those of the South Atlantic, all report bnsiness very great inthis year, which is but one of a seriesof 3 ears of vast business.Tne political campaign of last yearwas waged on such independent linosand carried on with such freedomform political antaBcnism. wjth sui-hlack of political prejudice, with suchmrty of sentiment as to revision oft'ic tariff, that the bill as it apuM'sci rates little or no surprise, c..:iwith those who disapprove itschanges.In brief there is litle or no shockto business in the proposed tariff legislation of the present Congress.The public mind was prepared forits presentation, so, even if not received favorably by the country whenthe bill is completed, its effects willnot be provocative of any businessdepression of any marked degree.The public's atention for the coming three months wil bejnore centered upon the conditions of the cropsof the country than it 'will be uponthe tariff schedules.The crops of 1912 were of immensevalue directly to the farmers and ofequally great value indirectly to theentire people of the United States.With the huge aggregate transactions of this month of May biddingfair to maintain their proportionswell up to the time of the wheatnarvest , and its prospects now suchas to give hope for a record-breakingreturn of grain, it is posible that ifthe other important crops -are wellup with those of last year the people of the United States are in forthe most prosperous year of thenational history.Given good crops, the existing conditions will produce a combinationfor the largest domestic and foreigntrade the country has ever had.George Maynar, a Worchester,Mass., printer, 84 years of age, canread twenty-four languages.A microscope using X-r.ays hasben perfected by a French scientist.Mrs. John Perrine, of Jamesburg,Pa., has a cat which she says is ableto play the scale of a piano.the figure to thetrue proportionsof . slenderness'3?MODELS foreven thestoutestfigure are correctlyproportioned andhave the crowningquality of strengthto hold their shape.Thev are theL-vs VA?!:y.strongest corsetsmade which givesthem a wearing valuefar in excess of anyothers.Automatically theexclusive reducingfeatures of these corsets hold down theexcess flesh at theback, hips and abdomen. Heavy elasticwebbing inserts frontand back give freedom of movementand adjust themselvesto any position, eithersitting, bending orstanding. Thesescientific featuresmake Rengo Belt theleading reducing corsets of 1913.Made extra strongas is needed andguaranteed not torust.Public Attention Now CenteredWPrices $2, $3 and $5 Illustrated $3.Sold byFRANK Sc CO. .Grass Seed Sales.Buyers have been exceedingly activeduring the past few days buyingup the bluegrass seed crop in Bourboncounty and it is said that half of thestanding crop has been sold.The crop, which is estimated at from200,000 to 250,000 bushels, in thiscounty, will be stripped from an acreage not in excess of 45,000. Experienced seed men claim that crop is thelightest tor several years, and goodprices are sure to follow.Nearly all of the purchases of seedhave been by the acre, only a few caseshaving been reported where the seedwas bought by the bushel. If theweather remains good the peed strippers can be started by the middle ofthe coming week, and by Friday theharvest will be well under way:The following farmers have disposedof their standing seed in the field, thebuyers to strip and handle same at theirown expense:Mr. Lewis Rogers bought the seedfrom tne large farm of W.T. Buckner,comprising about 2,500 acres, on theHarrod's Creek pike.Messrs. Caldwell & Miller bought theseed from the lands of Mr. ThomasHenry Clay and sons, on the Winchester pike, comprising about 4,600 acres,at the reported price of $3,335. Thesame firm also contracted for the Claylands for the years of 1914 and1915 on a percentage basis.Mr. Wm. Woodford sold his standingseed, on the Winchester pike, consisting of 850 acres, to Caldwell & Miller.Mr. Woodford Daniel bought Mr.John Redmon's seed, from 135 acres,on the Jackstown pike.Mr. Marion Hall bought the seedfrom 100 acres of land from Mr. WilliamHall.Mr. J. Elmer Boardman bought 500bushels of, stripped seed from Mr.Logan Bryan, of near North Middletown, at 75 cents per bushel, the delivery to be made in August.Mr. Samuel Clay has sold his seedfrom 1,000 acres of land on Cane Ridgeto Messrs! Brent & Burke.Mr. A. B. Hancock sold 800 acres ofstanding seed to Messrs. Brent &Burke.Messrs. Brent & Burke have alsomade other purchases of standing seedas follows:From Hon. 3. G. Clay, 200 acres onthe Maysville pike; from Hon. C. M.Clay, the seed from the lands of hisdaughter, Mrs. Shackelford, comprisingabout 400 acres, on Thatcher's Mill pike;from Mr. Thompson Tarr, 200 acres onthe Georgetown pike, and from Mr.Frank M. Clay, 200 acres on theGeorgetown pike.Chamberlain's Colic, CholeraandDiarrhoea Remedy.Every family without exceptionshould keep this preparation at handduring the hot weather o f the summer, months. Chamberlain's ColicCholera and Diarrhoea Remedy isworth many times its cost when it isneeded and it is almost certain to beneeded before the summer is over. Ithas no superior for the purposes forwhich it is intended. Buy it now.For sale by all dealers.VSfo.nJ?-S?i-ids6rrVV.QXrxwrELASTICIWE&BJNQIP. W. SOPER, Manager185 N. Limestone, Lexington, Ky.Telephone 1 852"Good Meats?Why eat poor Meat when ityou more good money than good meat? Buy the best, eatte best, have the best of health, andIthen:fyou live' thefbest. The best may be had by calling Union Meat Market, Phone 1852.Pll"l""""l"""i"BMiSPECIAL TRAIN EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURNSunday, ffJNE 8$1.25iMllHlBifl!flrRoundTripSPECIAL TRAINLeaves GEORGETOWN 7:45amASK TICKET AGENT FOR PARTICULARS.n JEmBrNotice! Poultry RaisersHRCholera, Gapes, Limberneck, Roup, Canker,-XOSE AS GOODSO OCHE, IfO PATDiarrhoeaMiss Katie Bryant, Baritown, Ky., says: "I havs used Reapc 4-1 1-44 for yean aad tlunkit the bestpoultry lemedy made. It cures gapes and limberneck without fail."Will (Joomes, Bardstown. Ky., says: Une dropchicken kills the worm and relieves the chick instantly.Mfg. and Guaranteed by J. Robt. Crume,SOLD BYChas. E.WoodlandHeadquartersDark Bay Horse, Weight 1,7000.Sired by Imported Gitter 58S03Dam by Imparted Queen 41490$15.00 To InsureBUSTER B. is a coming three yearold and a young stallion of markedsize and condition. He is the 'kindthat will appeal to your fancy andyou will make no mistake in breedingto him.The Above Horses Will Make The Season Jof 1913 AtWoodland Stock Farm.About 7 miles north Qf Paris on the Cynthiana pikh. Money due when colb,is foaled, mare transferred or brec to other stock without my consent. Lienretained on all colts until shason money is paid. Care taken to prevent accidents but no responsibility assumed should any occur.STERLING HINKSON.1 Lair, Ky.The SanitaryShop!With all ,the latest devicesinstalled in my shop to makeit absolutely sanitary andclean, including a PatentTowel Sterlizer, IndividualCups, Soap, etc., believe wehave the most modern shopin Paris. We have just installed a new Porcelain Tuband an up-to-date Bathroom.Hot water at all times. ThreeBarbers, all experts. Wewould like to have yourtrade. I take this method ofsoliciting it. Is there a reason why we should not receive it? Respectfully,Russ Corbin.Flagged Train With Shirt.Tearing his skirt from his back anOhio man flagged a train and savedit from a wreck, but H. T. Alston, Raleigh, N. C, once prevented a wreckwith Electric Biters. "I was in a terrible plight when I began to use themand my stomach, head, hack and kidneys," he writes, "were all badly affected and my liver was in had condition hut four bottles Electric Bittersmade me feel like a new man." Atrial will convince you of its matchlessmerit for the stomach, liver or kidney trouble. Price 50 cents at Ober-dorfer's." I-, v"Right Prices"injures your health and costsRoundTripi1.23j11-44CURESand all Diseases or Poultryot Keape -II 'H dropped aown me dui a gapingItis the best preventive I have ever used.Bardstown, Ky.Price 50c at al! Dratists.Butler & Co.Stock FarmFor Draft HorsesB lift LEYBlack Percheron. Weight 1760$15.00yTo InsureBUB.LEY is a splendid specimen ofthe dratt horse and his get have prov-ed to be of the very best. There is aJ steadily growing demand for the classi of horses produced bv Bnrlev, both! upon the farm and in the cities. Theycan stand more worK than tne aveagehorse. He is 7 years old, a beautifulblack, well formed and of the classthat catches the eye. In selecting ahorse to breed to pick one whose produce commands the best price.down the throat of a "gapey"chicken destroys the wormsand saves the chick's life. Afew drops In the drinking waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPESwhite diarrhoea, ronp, choleraand other chick diseases.One 50c Bottle ofBourbonPoultryGureMakes 12 Gallons of Medicine.Every ponltry raiser shonld keep a bottle ofthis medicine on hand. Write for free sampleand Booklet on "Diseases of Fowls." Address,BOUBBOM REMEDY COMPANY, UxiigtM, Ky.jFor Sale by "W. T. Brooks.NEW - BARBER - SHOP 1Windsor Hotel. .Modern Equipment,Polite Service.t$&&5&4i'Eyery thing Sanitary. , ' JChildren's Work a Specialty tv'CARL CRAWFORi-1?in iii -mi ii ratt i"'"f kii5Ti t-"i I'Vrsi'JX 'jfr'SirJteSsSS1 '3sr --THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KY!, JUNE 3. 1913.a.$ i;rtI ;Ji ihr v3 t1111 ii!?(Ji ft!iiillh.V3I'it?1IOF MILLERSBURGThe twentieth annual commenceanent exercises of the M. M. I. opened"Saturday evening at the M. M. I. drillHiall with the thre act comedy dramaentitled "The Time of His Life." bythe cadets, assisted by Misses RuthIMcClintock, Nettie Hurst and MarthaSmith. The piece was full of humorfrom first to the finish." Neither thecast nor the work was heavy, as Mrs.Best usually puts on, but there was asjreat deal of individual work, whichmade almost every character an am--ateurstar.The musical program was equallyjgood, the audience was large, thespacious auditorium being filled to its-utmost. The public have looked forward to this commencement withmore than ordinary interest, it beingthe twentieth anniversary of theschool under the management of Col.3. M. Best. Connected with the exercises is the home-coming of all theold cadets, who have been arriving.since Friday, there being more thanone hundred enrolled early Monday.morning.The homes of Millersburg citizensre all open and there are many othervisitors also in town and community.This occasion is a regular holiday andihe latch string is out for all who will-enter.Baccalaurate sermon was preached Sunday morning at the Methodist-church. All the available space inthe vast auditorium and lecture room"was occupied and many were turned.-.away. It was Dr. Gilbert's second.appearance on a commencement occasion in Millersburg, he having delivered the baccalaureate sermon forthe same school about ten years ago.The service was very impressive.JRev. J. D. Redd, of the Methodist-church, presided over the preliminaryservice. Prayers were made by Dr.J. C. Fisher, President of the M. F. C,.and Rev. A. S. Venable, of the Presbyterian church.The sermon by Dr. Gilbert was logical and deep and at the same timeabounding in simplicity of language,:SO as to be understood by all who"heard him. His appeal was to theyoung manhood of the world and hispossibilities. The musical program-was unusually good. The violin soloof Miss Nell, the vocal solo of Mr.Clay Sutherland, of Paris, and the trio"by Mrs. C. M. Best, Capt. HowardFreas and ex-cadet Sutherland, all deserve especial mention. The following is a partial list of visitors: Mrs.Ti. D. Brewer, Mr. Robt. Brewer, HarTodsburg; Mrs. W. D. Oldham, Richmond; Mrs. M. T. Chandler, MissMary Dee Chandler, O. C. Rankin,Cynthiana: Miss Caroline Colcord,Oklahoma City, Okla.; Mrs. J. W..May, Miss Frances Milward, Messrs.Harry Miller, Jeff Harris, Win. Black-Tjurn, McConnell, Jesse Miller, Chas.5entry, Lexington; Rev. and Mrs. LevGilbert, Cincinnati; Marvin Gay, Mt.Sterling; Clay Sutherland, Paris; Da--vid Munch, Los Angeles, Cali.; Chas.M.Keyser, Pikeville, at M. M. I; MissGladys Markham, of Russellville, withMis Ammerman; Misses Lillian Mof-fett, of Morefleld, and Mary Threl-keld, of Morgantown, with Mrs. A.T. Moffett; Messrs. Alex Hawes, ofChicago, 111., Badger Robinson, of Mt.NEWAwaits You When You Come toOur Store For SummerFOOTWEARWe Are Showing so Many Smart, NewModels at Such Remarkablv Low L Pricesthat We Can Fit and Please Every One.This'week we place on sale some extraordinary values in Men's, Women's and Children's Summer Shoes, which we had the good fortune tobuy for cash at almost half the original value.Men's $3.50 to $4.00 valves Shoesand Oxfords, in Tan, GunMetal and Pat- fl Aftent. Special 0 m. m 7 5Men's Comfortable Elk OutingShoes, in Tan, Greenand Black. til QSpecial 9 liVVXJLSterling, and Paul Smith, of Transylvania University, Lexington, withAmerica Butler; Mrs. Harmon Stitt,Paris, at the Taylor House; MissesJane Land ond Anne Epperson, ofLexington, with Miss Kizzie MaeMcDaniel, Miss Clara Rhodes, fElizaville, with Mrs. E. M. Thamosson; Miss Margaret McConnell, ofMt. Olivet, with Mrs. Aaron McConnell,; Miss Louise Davis, of Frankfort, Ind., with Mrs. O. E. Hurst;Master Clifton Rogers, of Carlisle,dames E. H. Dorman, of Memphis,Tenn.; J. M. Alverson, Lawrenceburg, Ky., with their father, Mr. J.G. Alltn and family; Hon. DavidMunch, of California, Messrs. Chas.Greenup, Ky.; ex-Cadet Blackburn,Georgetown; Mrs. Brewer and daughter, of Harodsburg; Dr. Gilbert, ofCincinnati, at M. M. L; Mr. and Mrs.M. D. Hurst, of Elizaville, with theirsister, Mrs. Stirman; Mrs. LauraM. Hurst; Mrs. John Letton, of Carlisle; Mrs. P.D. Evans, of Lexington;with Mrs. Jennie Letton and family;Misses Mary Brown, Emma West,Elizabeth Ratliff and Ferirs Feland,of Sharpsburg, with Misses Mattieand Luica Butler; Misses MyrtleHarris, of Noland, W. Va.; MargaretPetty, of Lexington, and Mr. Jeffsity, Lexington, with Mr. and Mrs.W. S. Judy; Miss Susan Bond, ofLawrenceburg, with Mrs. O. W. In-vin, with her daughter, Mrs. W. G.Irvin, with her mother, Mrs. LouiseClark; Misses Lucile Hawkins andNancy Wilson, of- Versailles, withtheir cousin, Miss Aletta Wilson;Miss Sudie May Reese, of Helena, jwith hre aunt, Mrs. F. D. Ingles;Mrs. Mary Browning, of Cynthiana,with her sister, Mrs. Belle Taylor;Mr. and " Mrs. K. R. Vaught, andMiss Josephine Duncan, of Parker,Bloomfield, and the Misses Shive, ofParis, with Mrs. A. S. Venable; Mr.and Mrs. Allie Peed, of Sharpsburg,with his uncle, Mr. J. J. Peed; Mrs.B. F. Goodman, of Paris, with heraunt, Mrs. Henry Boling; Mrs. AnnieHughes and Miss Margaret McCormick, of Carlisle, with Mrs. E. R.Houston and family; Misses PaulineAmos, Loraine Robinson and AnnieLaura Hull, of Flemingsburg, withMrs. Earl Batron; Miss Lillie Sagasef and daughter, of Louisville, withMr. and Mrs. J. H. Campbell; Mrs.E. G. Beeding and son, -'Mr. WadellBeedkig, of Lexington, with MayorW. D. Wadell and sister; Mr. G. W.Judy, of Lexington, with Mr. T. D.Judy; Miss Phoebe Forman, Mrs.Lucien Mally, Mr. and Mrs. ElmerDowning, Dr. and Mrs. Alex Hunter,of Washington, Ky., with Mr. andMrs. A. F. Best; Mrs. H. ... Crouch,of Litle Rock, with Mrs. M. P. Collier Mrs. Woodford Daniel, of Paris;with Mrs. A. S. Miller; Mrs. Gertrude Johnson, of Cynthiana, at M.M. L; Mr. Russell Caldwell, ofMayslick, with Mr. an dMrs. J. E."Caldwell; Mr. Edward Fagan, ofCynthiana, and Jean Faulconer, o fLeesburg, with Mrs. Mary McDaniel;Miss Elizabeth Cockly, of "Flemingsburg, with -Mrs. Letton Yimont.Suits S15 and St8.See our Blue Serge Norfolk suits at$15 and $18 before you buy. They arethe latest thing. We wMl save youmoney.16-tf HIGGINS & FLANAGAN.ATISFAMisses andCanvas ButtonSp ecialInfant's Patent two- Jk ftkJstrap Pumps. Special "frigT?Boy Scout Shoes, "fl Jk flk$2 value. Special Q m t5mJtLmERNEST RUJ-EParis Man, Found Dead in Bed inCexington Boarding House.Ernest Rule, aged about fifty years,formerly of Paris, was found dead inhording house of Mrs. C. M. Gatewood, on South Upper street, in Lexington, Thursday evening. Rule being unknown, it was with difiicultythat his body was identified.According to Ms. Gatewood, Ruleaplied at her house late Wednesdayevening in an intoxicated conditionand was assigned to a room, afterwhich he was not seen by any of theoccupants of the house until Thursday afternoon, when one of theboarder was sent to the room whereit was discovered that Rule was dead.When found he apparently hadbeen dead for some time He was laying acroos the bed in his underclothes. The body was removed toan undertaking establishment whereit was prepared for burial, followingan inquest by Coroner J. D. Kiser, ofFayette county.Rule had been in Lexington abouta week and previous to that time hadbeen working at his trade as a painter in Georgetown. Three weks agohe was in Paris and remained herefor several days. He was employedby the painting firm of DaughertyBros, for a number of years, whenhe left Paris and had been travelingaround the country following histrade. Two weeks ago his motherdied in Winchester.Tobacco Barn Sold.The real estate firm of Harris &Speakes sold yesterday to Mr. R. B.Hutchcraft the tobacco barn of Mr.W. T. Overby at the corner ofSeventh and Houston Avenue. Theprice paid was $1,200.Another Candidate.We are authorized to announce Mr.John C. Ewalt, of Shawhan, as a candidate for deputy Assessor on theticket with Messrs. Lynch and Wiggins. Mr. Ewalt is from the RuddlesMills precinct, is a young farmer andquite populr. He will no doubt addstrength to this ticket.A microscope using X-rays hasben perfected by a French scientist.Miss Margaret K. Caden, f4XKJ ivi eun street,- - y-v -i m ". i iSpecial Display ofV! . . . Summer Hats .Moderate PricesChildren's WhiteLadies';ti & vv m it;99cShoes.Oxfords,SpecialvalueSatin Pumps.Special...EIE3STTOUCHED LIVE WIRE.Mrs. Fannie Rummans Had NarrowEscape Sunday Night.Mrs. Fannie Rummans, residing onFifteenth street, had a narrow escapefrom death Sunday night when shecame in contact with a telephone wirewhich had crossed a lead wire of thetrolley on South Main street and asa result sustained a number of severeburns.The accident occurred in front " ofthe residence of Mr. William Cain,while MrsyRummans was returninghome witli a number of her neighborsfrom church, following the heavyelectric storm. The wind had blowndown a number of telephone wireswhich became engaged with the trolley wire and were lying on the pavement. When she came in contactwith the wire she was thrown to thesidewalk and remained in an unconscious condition for about fifteenminutes.The live wire was lying beside herand her companions feared to go toher assistance. However a memberof the party removed her from herperilous position and she was assisted to her home. An examination revealed a number of burns on the leftlimb and left hand.Medical attention was immediatelysummoned and a physician attendedher injuries. Mrs. Rummans, who isaged about fifty-three years, had recovered sufficiently from the shockyesterday to be about the house, andon serious results are anticipated.Administrator Appointed.Mr. William Shobe was Friday appointed administrator of the estateof Mr. J. Henry Butler, deceased, byJudge Denis Dundon in the countycourt.Bank Stock Sold at Auction.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold yesterday at the court house door for A.Smedley,Executor of he late BroadSmedley, ten shares of the HenryClay Fire Insurance Co., in Lexington, to W. P. Ardery for $25.25 pershare; five shares of Union TrustCo. stock to E. P. Weathers at $16.75per share and three shres of PeoplesBank of Paris to Miss Annie Kellyat $127.50 per share. He also .soldtwo shares of Peoples Bank stock tofor J. W. Bacon to L. Oberdorfer at$127.50 per share.i-w i -w -vjuexmgton, Jbvy.highpgrade Pumps andall leathers.S2.49cf. HILadies' stylish Shoes andj Oxfords, in Patent, Gun Metal; and$1.49JLSoda crackers are more nutritive than any other flour .food. TJneeda Biscuit arethe perfect soda crackers.Though the cost is but fivecents, Uneeda Biscuit aretoo good, too nourishing, toocrisp, to be bought merelyas an economy.Buy them because of their freshness because of their crispnessbecause of -their goodness becauseof their nourishment.Always 5 cents. Always fresh,crisp and clean.NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANYOnce Revolutionary.The latest instance of a general enforcement of laws concerning dressoccurred at the time of the FrenchRevolution, when some rulers of German states forbade their subject towear trousers, these being held to indicate revolutionary opinions. TheElector of Hesse-Cassel, besides prohibiting the obnoxious garments, hadthe convicts employed on road-sweepingdressed in trousers, so as to Inspire disgust for sansculotte fashions.No general prohibition of this kindwas issued in Prussia, but until 1798all Prussian officials were restricted toknee breeches for their nether garments. Trousers were held to be "unbecoming to the dignity and gravityof the holder of an official position.'Ingenious Spiders.Tho Ivoyal society in London was recently entertained by a distinguishedtraveler with an account of a spiderliving in Australia which makes itshabitation along the seashore, in thecrevices of the rocks, between highand low water mark.But when the tide is in their homesare covered with water. Instead of deserting them, however, the spiderssolve the difficulty by means of closelywoven sheets of silk, which theystretch over the entrances, behindwtiich they manage to retain sufficientair to keep them alive during the timethey remain submerged. The SundayMagazine.Computes Heat in Sun's Rays.One square yard of the earth's surface receives each day averaging sixhours of sunshine an amount of heatequal to that contained in 1.8 poundsof coal, according to an Italian chemist. At this rate an area of about 1,200miles receives during a year anamount of energy from the sun equivalent to that obtainable from the 1,100,000,000 tons of coal mined annually in Europe and the United States.The United States imported 95,000000 pounds of tinplate in 1911.HEtffttttoJF1 . Jaillllw WXv,What do you wish to be? You can be a success at lotsof things or you can be a success at one of lots of thino-s butyou only need to be a financial failure to be a complete failure. "Money makes the mare go." If you have monev ihthe bank you are not a failure,Nothing succeeds like success. Nothing fails.Make OUR bank YOUR bank.We pay o per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.' Capital, SiOlOGO.OOJ Surplus, $40,000.00.fc-Vri rT rir iIF YOUR CHILDRENARE DELICATE OR FRAILunder-size or itnder-weightremember Scotts Emulsion Jis natures grandest growingfood; it strengthens their bones,makes healthy blood and promotes sturdy growth.I Scott & Bowne, Bloomfield. N. J.13-27Mr. Auto Owner,Quit PayingGarage BillsAn artistic structure for private use. Gives protectionfrom Ihieves or joy riders.The side walls and roof ofheavily galvanized sheet steel.Comes ready to set up. Allparts; cut and fitted. Absolutely rust-proof. Saves $20ro 30 monthly in garage.Prompt, safe delivery andsatisfaction guaranteed.American Sectional Garage Go21 5-219 Stevens Building,DETROIT, MICH.A. J. FEE, Agent,Paris, Ky.HAD ONLY PUTHIS MONEY IN THEBANK HE WOULDHAVE! IT NOW'TOlSBcw,Start isfoDprovided vou nut it thprpJ. M. hall, President.C. K. THOMAS.! Cashjer.