Xv'.-'--N -.wf -!"&?$&$wsV1-VPUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AMD FBIDAY IN THE YEAHVOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY. AUGUST 19, 1913.CI.,w.,s.'?.:C::r:"IC-I t1." iC"To-day Marks Opening of 67th.Annual Exhibition of Famous Fair."WE KNOW HOW"-BIG OUTPOURING-EXPECTEDf ;iTolfL1 Si IHiimsjt 'npFNINR OAI.b fll wl LltSiliU EJilsr3p&mmssSlaiBiing TJ$YourWatch WorkTTe ai'e EfficientWe are PromptTry us.i -rnri y-Ihe Cannimrbeasonis Now OnBefore buying your Cans, Jars,Sealing )Vax, etc., see us. Wecary a full line and will save yousome money.Stone's Wrapped CakesReceived Fresh EveryDay.T. . LE1NIHAN.Cash Grocery.,'MM&iMMmMSnifjmm3mmMmM&mmMmmMMwmmmmimimmmmm,EARLY FALL DISPLAYorm .INcckwear, .w-4i-II Shirts --Wm vw..f& . .aK rtATS., tsY' rNrei-tiiv suii is.m Silk Hats 50c and $1.00m 2.00 5fraw Hats LOO'W& 2.50 Straw Hats.,. 1.53.00 Straw Hats .. 1 .504.00 Straw Hats 2.00m?Sw I vl 1 C m MX M 1 tf 1 1 1!rifiiMi at ni t h jklsk I IUV13WVV.yiUIIIVIWHP and FurnishersuiimmmMmsmsiSmSatSmmSmSSillRpillaffifrLittlejohn's Carnival Company WJ A J J.J A X. Wciiiu auucu .HLiiiusemeiiLAttraction.' 'sT THSeTo-day will mark the recurrence ofan event that always brings a touchof pride and a warm feeling in thehearts of Paris and Bourbon countypeople the annual Bourbon CountyFair famed far and wide as one ofthe best exhibitions of its kind in theState.Even in far-away lands the sons anddaughters of Old Kentucky, who havemigrateed from the native soil, lovingly note the days and weeks asthey speed away, bringing closer andcloser the great event "The OldFair." To most of them there comeseven yet amid the stress and turmoil of daily life pleasing memories ofthe days of the Old Fair. And manyof them come come back every yearto renew old acquaintances.This year's exhibition will be in nowise inferior to any held on thegrounds in recent years. The groundshave been placed in top-notch condition; all the stall-room is occupied byfine stock for exhibition in the variousshow rings; the ticket-sellers are "ontheir jobs" and to make a long storyshort, indeed, everthing "is fit, fineand ready."President Jos. M. Hall and his associates have been untiring in their efforts to make the present meeting asuccess, while the work of SecretaryJohn S. Wiggins and his chief assistant, Billy Lynch, has proven them tobe capable and equal to the occasionin every respect. Secretary Wiggins'work has been especially -arduous, buteverything has been taken care of ina business-like way.Begining at ten o'clock a splendidprogram will be presented embracingnew features; the Shetland ponyrings, always interesting events; fineharness horses; New York saddlehorses; roadster stallions; long woolsheep; Down sheep; sweepstakes;herd of down sheep. At 2:30 p. m. anold-fashioned cake walk for coloredpeople, open to the world, will takeplace, and the list of entries embracessome of the best fun-makers in thisnovelty act , something that alwaysdraws a large attendance.The Littlejohn Carnival Company,the premier amusement attraction forthe week arrived in the city Sundayevening, and spent the day Mondaygetting their shows in readiness, forthe fair. The company has been reinforced by the addition of several novelty acts that will be pleasing and attractive to the patrons of the Fair.Daily exhibitions will be given and inthe evening the same program will begiven, the grounds being brilliantlyilluminated with hundreds of arc andincandescent lights. Concerts dailyby the Royal Italian Band, associatedwith the many carnival features, willtend to furnish a day and night of realenjoyment. The company gave its initial performance last night on thegrounds, and was a highly creditableperformance. All the attractions being well patronizes.The music for the Fair will be furnished by the Royal Italian Band oftwenty-five pieces, one of the finestand best balanced musical organizations in the country. This band willbe heard in daily concerts of classicaland popular numbers.All through the week an attractive program of competitive events willbe presented in the show rings. Thepony exhibit, the mule show, the hogand sheep exhibit, the harness ringsand others "too numerous to mention"will make the program the best everoffered to an amusement-loving people. One of the new features addedthis year in the exhibit of green tobacco, the Fair Association offering a$50 prize for the best stalk of greentobacco. This will" be judged on thefifth day.The poultry department has filledwith a large list of entries in all theclasses and this event promises toj bring out the largest and best collection of pedigreed games and domesticfowls ever shown on the grounds.This department, under the supervision of Messrs. Duncan Bell, Wm. G.Talbott and Sidney G. Clay, could notbe otherwise than interesting and attractive for "all the world loveth achicken."Especial arrangements have beenmade looking to the comfort and careof ladies and children, (and the malesex too) and the policing of 'thegrounds by a competent force incharge of former Chief of Police Geo.M. Hill, insures order.Each days' program will be filledto the brim with good things. OnThursday ("Everybody's Day" youknow) the competjve exhibit underthe auspices of the Bourbon CountyBabies' Health League, in which handsome prizes will be awarded to thebest babies" from a physical and mental standpoint, over one and under twoyears of age. On Friday and Saturday similar classes will be judged forbabies of varying ages, the judges inall the classes "to be a committee ofprominent physicians. These eventswill be sure to bring hundreds to theFair.The old Bourbon Fair has madeParis and Bourbon county famous,even extending into foreign countries;'and its success this year- dependslargely upon the patronage of. ourhome people. They, more than any(Continued on Page 4.)hOur Entire LineofStraw Hatsare now on sale at;HALF PK1CEnIV-seMitchell & Blakcmore,Outfitters to Merc-KW - w -w . -. n - r- 'r - jr - ,- -. VHpMMMHMVlKMMiMMMaaHBBBraanHnHBainHBBBBaaaaBnxaManaMaManHHMKHHMMaMHaHaBHHaBMMHHBa-cucKy ,.viving are tlwju'G. 19 & d2g, Aug. 19-days.Tf flTig 10 days.ille; Aug. Tm-4: days.-ug. zq -d3dr-3 da33 daT'S.wn, Aug. 263 days.Paris, Kentgm-le, Aug 26-Bdays.vug. 274 ddK.ays.U-Dlfays.'f o.; r.H!AHmmmwKVh.WKXm5.EiKiuiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiniiiiiijiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii:).i 2 4 daysmiYJUrs. t1p SoimmHimHMuimminmjMHHiiuimmmiHNrrajfiSeut. 32 days..5FRANK & CO.The Store Where ReliabililyReigns. 'ys.dadays.by rs-3 cEgs.i s 9-4fiSdays.S?'-E? SDays.i SejK. JtfSS days.d - -iuJEXTRA SPECIALREDUCTIONS-j, i' lS111mwKfz ffi A1! and Sf- jam w-i m . uJBrtf , ! S3ON ALL3 EM 3$READYTO-WEARGARMENTSu4For Summer Wearm3 I A. MHiWOUMUIWBii PRANK" X5- COi& M. A Vi JkX JLA V X.-2 iiUMri&yfHiMMiiiEi1hK3IIIIHIllllIHilEaMWI1IHIlIIlIHITHE BOURBON NEWS, "PARIS, KENTUCKY, AU6UST 19 1913J.-11HE BOURBON NEWS' CA DM .jrfaw I"BLOOD IS THICKEE THAN WATER3PARIS, KENTUCKYv ;, .$tir-m'sS1M?I Jy-Yr t.VSUoia&v attIfc li-H.0?Av&8$."w?prpo&tet5J$2$J3?tT?5 rrBourbon Laundry!DWIS & FUNK, Props. 3Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetWW'As-iHSBourbonw r fas nParis Kentucky.Mtt'S'''v!Reading the Wrong Way.Fortune Teller "You will be marxied four times." Actress "I wantTO know the future, not the past"air Dates.'lJlte:S"fjxedsn 1913ro.i.tr.alAx so.'A-r fadedthin,,ut andaer thanair is inof Hay'sait untillder youat theapplica-VAally dis-ome fullcan tellt a dyem that ,'ur greycoloredtee sat-,sy. AI-1lth. It.t to thec. bot- ,a 25c.r $1.00 id two .'or U.w. tva tVcIt's9r iw&nsAoS3 .etS&arkTUt ot Vias,fr 'lWXA.-lao-arocgS? marsoc-,rae?.;ifb auvy.VlXW...k jr" e?.-..k .. V. ';VVfcjr7-.,vJArU'ftfsX- otf&&aft&rv--isa.tosA CottflUot'1suareJfor., vaftWe Take Pleasure.in "ring up the finest, shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry lino. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes bnck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how .your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateefLaundry,ss(UstoStain Remover1.It is sometimes difficult to keep thekitchen paper free from grease stains.They may be removed entirely if amixture of pipe clay and water madethe consistency of cream is spreadover them and allowed to remain overnight. In the morning it should beremoved with a clean brush or cloth.Not Numerous,true Christian is one who can eni sermon in an old suit of clothes.IISTRAWS SALE.administrator of J. H. Linville,sed, I will offer for sale at publicn, on the home farm, at MillersKy., on. 3, 1913, at 10 A. M.llowing property:11 bed room suites;lamber set and lot of other fur-, such as carpets, rugs, tables,, mattresses and bed steads andIi ;ig, kitchen and dining room furjt'fc; . of enameled ware;t of milk crocks and pans:clocks ;sewing machine;Lot of bedding, blankets, pillows,-tc; .Half dozen brooms;1 lot stone jars;1 lot glass jars;1 wash machine; tLot old iron;1 step ladder;1 iron kettle; " r1 lawn mower; '1 lot tools;2 breaking plows;1 double-shovel plow;1 tobacco plow;1 no-top buggy;1 rubber tire buggy;1 two-horse wagons; ,, .1 sled and 1 log chain;1 roller;1 Frazier cart;3 hog troughs;4 hog houses;1 gasoline engine and corn mill;1 clipping machine;6,000 tobacco sticks;1 transplanter;1 seed sower;1 one-horse drill;1 grind stone; . -1 saddle and bridle;1 set cart harness;1 post-hole digger;1 A tooth harrow;1 disc harrow; 4 ' ' "3 sows and 15 pigs;3 red sows in pig;1 three-year old mare;1 yearling colt;1 aged mare;1 two- year old gelding;1 Jersey cow and calf;1 six-year old Jersey -cow;1 spotted Jersey cow;1 cow and weanling calf;1 lot old corn;1 red calf;5 yearling steers f 'x-4 heifers; ".:fc;f -5"X-1 f'Jif 19 PWQC On1 n-nn 'K.,1-'"., t i " " "U UUC UUU&i XJL reaper; "N1K J-orn crushe.r; ";?rRoss cutti-nff box: .1 1 acre cow bms: tOne-half interest in 6 acres topaccd-14 acres o orn? sOne-half s4.Q-OCf ; 20 acres'corn:j- 0 r A clover and timothy hay;,Jr . of other farming implements.TF -r ah nmn,,nte under S2.0.00-aF'a- over, that amount negotiable, .f' with' interest at rate of 6 permf nsvable in six months.rv. prw, rr HUFPIilAN,Administrator, 'all. right:" Sojftj by U dealers..J3SO.T. SPE&K&S, Awst J (bl,&GaaPublisherEntered at Postoffic t Paris, Ky.,as mail mattei f l e - sconcl classEstablished 18b i 30 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .$2.00 Six Months. .1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.Tbe right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space . a newspaper's stock intrad cou cof revenue.Rings In History.Signet rings are mentioned tn theBible, and we find the ring in thosedays, to have, been a sign of honor asit is with us. During the war a loverwho wished to specially honor hisbride sent the gold money to the goldsmith with which to fashion the wed-'ding ring, for in those days the heavierand broader the band the better, andgirls used to measure the width and"heft" the circles to see whose wasthe broadest and heaviest, and thereby establish a social standing unimpeachable. Beets as Fertilizers.An explanation of the improvementof European agriculture in recentyears has been sought, and in Germany it is attributed to soil stimulation from beet culture. From the ibooks of eight scattered estates wherebeets have been grown for sugar, Dr.Lilienthal finds an increase in theyield of wheat of 5.95 bushels peracre; rye, 1.59; barley, 6.51, and oats,5.77. Cattle have increased, and thenet income has been raised by ashigh as 70 per cent.$100 REWARD, $100The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that scienc hasbeen able to cure in all its stages,and that is Catarrh. "Hall's CatarrhCure is the only positive cure nowknown to the medical fraternity.Catarrh being a constitutional disease,requires a constitutional treatment.Hall's Catarh Cure is taken internally,acting directly upon the blood and themucous surfaces of the system, thereby destroying the foundation of thedisease, and giving the patient morestrength by building up the constitution and assisting nature in doing itswork. The proprietors have so muchfaith in its curative powers that theyoffer One Hundred Dollars for anycase that it fails to cure. Send forlist of testimonials.Address: F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo.Ohio.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (August)Lie Is a Compliment.I have an abiding faith that a falsehood never hurts anyone but him whopropagates it. It is also my conviction that no man can pay a muchgreater homage to another than todeliberately misrepresent him. It isa cowardly confession of weaknessand of inferiority. John Bigelow, in"Retrospections of an Active Life."REMARKABLE CUREOF DYSENTERY."I was attacked with dysenteryabout July 15, and used the doctors'medicine and other remedies with norelief, only getting worse all the time.I was unable to do anything and myWeight dropped from 145 to 125pounds. I suffered for about twomonths when I was advised to useChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy. I used two bottlesof it and it gave me permanent relief,"writes B. W. Hill, of Snow Hill, N. 0.For sale by all dealers.(August)Altogether Too Successful.Quizzer "What's the matter, old.man? You look worried." Sizzei'"I have cause to. I hired a man tatrace my pedigree. Quizzer "WeU,what's the trouble? Hasn't he beemsuccessful?" Sizzer "Successful! Ishould say he has! I'm paying, him,hush-money." Judge.Oh, Certainly!Of the 3,424 languages, and' dialectsin use in the world, nearly half of ithem are spoken on the American, continent. We certainly do a lot of talking over here. Cleveland Plaindealer.COST.tlY. TREATMENT."I was troubled with constipationand indigestion and spent hundredsof dollars for medicine and treatment," writes C: H. limes, of Whitlow,Ark. uliwent to a St. Louis hospital,also. bGba hospital in New Orleans, butno sure, was effected. On returninghme I. began using Chamberlain'stablets? and worked Tight along. XlusedJtnem tor-some time ana am nawSWIFT CHAMP,P00CTRYEFFICIENT DRY MASH HOPPERDesign and Dimensions IllustratedAre Result of Considerable Experimenting Easily Made.In response to a query for a diagram and description of an insidedry-mash hopper a writer in the RuralNew Yorker makes the following reply: The accompanying diagram showsan end view, or cross section, of adry feed hopper designed to preventthe waste of food. The design anddimensions are the result of considerable experimenting, and the hoppersare very satisfactory, both for younger; Tw o feet frgA,two feet trfcte andsix fncfies deep.Coggqity bu-Dry Mash Hopper.chickens and older fowls. The oneshown will hold a bushel of feed andis used in a colony house for growingchicks; for older fowls it should beseveral times as large, keeping the dimensions of the feed opening thesame, however. One used in my henhouse holds 200 pounds of feed andis filled at irregular intervals as itbecomes empty. They may be builtof any stuff at hand, though mine aremade of one-inch pine boards for ends,and half-inch matched stuff for therestFEED CHICKENS IN SUMMERThere Are Few Farm Flocks That WillNot Improve in Egg-Laying IfGiven Some Grain.The very common opinion thatfarm flocks need no grain feed insummer is seldom warranted. Thefarm range is valuable, and there iano place where eggs can be producedas economically, but there are fewflocks that will not improve in eggyield if given at least one feed dailyIt ought not to be difficult to determino whether more feed is neededSomething depends on the size of theflock and the range, but the egg yieldwill tell. There is only one probableexplanation for a farm hen's failureto lay egg3 in summer, and that islack of feed. Occasionally it is due toa lack of the right kind of feed, butgenerally if the hens have one feeddaily of any grain they will give goodresults.Wheat, barley and oats are thepractical summer grains, but if a littlecare is used and some meat, corn iavery good. Whatever grain is used ftis genuine economy to give the hensaccess to dry bran. An open shallowbox will do if you haven't time to makea regular feed hopper. No poultryman or farmer is feeding to, the bestadvantage who does not feed bran.IRTNMB9Eggs not gathered once a day nowasre of doubtful quality.Do the birds have shade in an open,airy place? They need it.Healthy breeding stock is the greatest requirement for strong chicks.The breed you like the best is theone you will give the most attention-As a source of income the hen isnot considered as seriously as. shesnould be.There will never be too many goodpoultrymen, but we can all strive tobe among the best.Air-slaked lime, freely, dusted everywhere, is cheap, and will destroy lice,gapes and the roup.Feeding chicks when too- young andtoo much at a time are fruitfulsources of bowel trouble..A few drops of spirits. o camphorin the drinking water will often correct slight bowel trouble in- old andyoung birds.Fresh, clean water is necessary thistime of the year. If you, have norunning water, change that in youriajs. at least twice a day.Do not neglect to- chop some onionsr- onion tons few little ducks and turkeys every day or two. They ar relished b j them and. vill da them. mch1 f-""-V ! A! : X'6a-V -mi i iDOIWithout good : J b'ood a nan lias a weac heart and poor nerves. Thinness ofthe blooa, or aiisr-i', is common in young folks as well as o d fc.speu.uly is i.tie case with tnoy who work in illy ventilated factories or those who are sh;up indoors in winter time with a coal stove bumim up the oxygen or exnittinlcarbonic (oxide) 3as. This blood, or blood which lacks the red blood corpuscles,in anaemic people may have been canned by lack of goodJresh air breathed 1 intolungs, cr ry ror digestion or dyipcps.a. Sometimes people suffer intentrain over I hart which is nt hrart disease at aI, but caused by indigestion.Whatever "-use. there's j't cne remedy that you caa tura to Knowingthat it Ia- w..e Sdkisfa-Uon for oer 4J jears.DR.fiQLDENis a blooJ e'eanset and alterat've that starts lse Lvcr and 'tomach into igorousact on. It thus assists the hody to manufac'ure rich jed blood which feeds tb.2hrxrt nerves brain ard crcans of the bod,. The orns work smoothly Iik2mnA.nnn? ntnnind in fiil.You feel clean,v;eak and faint. Nowadays you cancovery Ta! 'ets. a3 well as Jia Lquid form from all medicina dealty mad. prepa- J in $i or EOc s.ze. Adress R. V. Pierce. M. D.,DR PIERCE'S GREAT 1C08 PAGE ILLUSTRATED COM Wi SE?SB MEDICALADVISER WILL BE SENT TREE, CLOTH E0C2D tOI 31 ONS-CE2JT STAMPS.5nr"SfflcvSSSSZ33ThreeFOR COAL BUYERSDon't think that any coal is as good asFox Ridge and Pioneer becauseclosely imitated in name.Don't deceive yourself into thinking thatany Kentucky coals are of the highquality of Fox Ridge and Pioneer,Don't allow others to mislead you "intobelieving that any Kentucky coalsare equal to Fox Ridge or Pioneer.Dodsort & DetonThe Home of Good CoalYards, South Main St. Both Phones 1 40v&(&SQfcKSfcX3Sisgsjs3)cQ&jr2E22JI" '" '---1.2,3.Sells My ProductsGets Best PricesBrings Supplies7. rays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet.For information, '-call manager. - 'Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated.GREAT TORNADO SALETO -Twin Bios. DepaiiraiCorner Seventh and Main Sts.Dry Goods, Ladies' and Misses Skirts, Waists, Shoes andLMsllinery, Slightly Soiled, Big Bargains.fp aWhat could be belter for town or country buildings than a roofingthat wont burn wont leak that is lightning proof lasts as longas the building itself, and never needs repairs ?Cortright Metal Shingles meet every one of these requirements.Beware of imitations None genuine without the word " CortrightReg. U. S. Pat. Otf." stamped on each shingle.For Salt b$ vBest & Hawkins,PIERCE'SFIED1CAL DISGOYEEIstrong and strenuous instead of tired.obtain Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Dis-dealers, cr tabletsBuffalo. N. Y.r?-4Dont'ssiASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland Tel Iephone works for him. He will reply:4. Protects the Home5. Helps the Housewife6. Increases ProfitsDAYATsoieMi!!ersfurjr, Ky,m!& -, - a?JteTL&jr"IMPERFECT IN ORIGINAL$-iTflEarly Cultivation tf Tobacco.The cultivation of the tobacco plantwas about the-fest tbinjj; the Americancolonists turned their atfelftion to upon recovering fronTike gclg fever5. Jtis known that John Rolfe, the husbandof Pocahontas, had a field of tobaccoat Jamestown in 1612, and it Is believed that the plant was cultivatedbyjtolfe and his neighbors at an earlier date than that. The export records of tobacco from Jamestown colony appear to begin in 1612.To Clean Walls.When walls or ceilings are papered"with oilcloth or painted, put on washboiler of water and close doors andwindows and boil the water until wallsand ceilings are wet with steam.Take a long-handled scrubbing brushor broom, tie a soft rag and wipeyour walls. This will save lots oftime and trouble.And He Had to Stand for It."Some men never know how to letwell enough alone." "How so?" Blundern, the new department head, decided to require a competitive examination for every single job under him,and bless me! if his wife didn't winthe position of private secretary tohim." Judge.Germany yearly wagers 400,000,000on horse races, with 210,000 bookmakers. ONEBOPdown the throat of a "gapey"chicken destroys the wormsand saves the chick's life. Afew drops in the drinking: waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPESwhite diarrhoea, roup, choleraand other chick diseases.One 50c Bottle ofBourbon Poultry CureMakes 12 Gallons of Medicine.Every poultry raiser should keep a bottle ofthis medicine on hand. Write for free sampleend Booklet on "Diseases of Fowls." Address,ECURBOK REMEDY COMPANY, Lexington, Ky.For Sale by W. T. Brooks'4 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDepositsYour Deposits Arc GuaranteedYOU TAKE NO RISKSIf You Are InterestedWrite UsUNION STATE BANKMuskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000 1Fully Paid2 CANCER CURED 3zI auarantee every case II auarantee every case I undertake; 20 years practice; reference, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.Martin BrosFurniture Moving,City Transferand First-CalssLiveryOur Facilities forHeavy. Hauling isGood.Our Livery is as good as theother fellows. Horses fedby the weekTor month.We would appreciate a mshare of your business. Jprompt attention given allorders.Both Phones 260. JMARTIN BROS.,S Eighth St. 2J Paris, Kentucky5 JxsS3l0Sm111111$2,000 SADDLE HORSE STAKEBANNER FEATURE KY. STATE FAIRSeventeen Blue -Blooded Equine MonarchsHave Been Entered In This Contest forRich Prizes at the Big Louisville Showh September(Special.) Seventeen royally tored"Monarchs of the Equine World" areto be pitted against each other in thegreat $2,000 Commissioner of Agriculture Stake for five-gaited saddlehorses, which will be the banner eventof the Kentucky State Fair, to be heldin Louisville, September 15-20, according to the list of entries which closedon July 1.The premium is the highest ever offered in a contest of this kind, and hasattracted the most important ownersand exhibitors of the country. The$2,000 stake is divided into seven different prizes, and one of the conditionsof the contest being that the entrymoney for all over 15 contests shallbe added to the first premium, makesthis enticing prize figure tip to $680.The honor of being "in the money" atall in this stake is one coveted by .theleading owners and exhibitors of blueblooded stock in the country, and thestruggle for supremacy among the seventeen is destined .to be a formidableone.The roster as it stands for 1913 includes P. W. Ray & Son, of BowlingGreen, Ky., who will probably fight forfirst prize with Black Whirlwind, acontestant, who is truly a "darkhorse," being totally unknown to ringfrequenters, but who is reputed, asformidable as its name. Mat S. Cohen, of Lexington, Ky., will very likelyenter the celebrated Mary Yandell Fox,who took third prize last year for herproud owner, Mrs. Richard Powers, ofDanville, Ky.J. T. Coilins & Son, of North Middletown, Ky., will enter a horse nevershown heretofore.Matlack & Shropshire, of WinchesMANY SPLENDID FEATURESBOOKED.The greatest agricultural, live stockand educational event in the South isthe Kentucky State Fair, the eleventhannual celebration of which will beheld in Louisville, September 15-20next during the most heautitul and alluring season of the entire year.At this exhibition will be shownproducts of the mine, the forest, theworkshop and the factory, and therarest examples of cultivated flowers,plants, art work, needle work, countyschool exhibits, a model dairy andmany other entertaining and instructive features.The new features introduced for theyear's fair will include the KentuckyState Fair Futurity for saddle bredfoals of 1913, an event equal in importance and dignity to the great racing futurities on the thoroughbred andtrotting turf.In addition to these there are threespecial saddle horse stakes, nomination to which closed April 15, with themost creditable list of entrants thathave ever been recorded for a likeevent. Horse racing, always attractiveand pleasing to the fair going public,will be on a bigger scale than ever before. Recognizing the popularity ofthis sport as well as the value of thebranch of horse breeding business itrepresents, the State Fair managementhas offered four $1,000 stakes for thisyear's meeting. There will be fourteen other harness events and two orthree running races every day. Asthe fair precedes the fall race at Douglas Park, some of the crack runners intraining at the local tracks will doubtless compete in these races.There will be free attractions toonumerous to mention, but sufficient togive visitors to the Fair a constantround of novel and attractive entertainment. BLUE-BLOODED CANINESWill Shine at Kentucky State FairShow Will be Greatest Ever Heldin the South.Big dogs, little dogs, short dogs, talldogs, dogs with hair, dogs smoothand fair, dogs grave and staid, dogscute and frisky, dogs of a kind youpet, those whom to touch would dgrisky, dogs of royal degree, dogs whocViino nn n farm rlnR for miladv's Ian.doss a hunter to charm, dogs fromNew York, Philadelphia, PittsburgCincinnati,Memphis, Chicago, StLouis, in fact, that a dog from eachctv of nrominence will be on handfor the great Bench Show to be givenat the Kentucky State Fair Septembei15-20, in Louisville, is the positive expectation of the - Fair Management,as the classes for this exhibition alone! number over 600, and the prizes ofj fered in connection with the affair artsufficiently valuable and highly reI garded among breeders and owners tcattract the leading dog fanciers of thecountry-The fact that the bench show at theFair is held under the rulings of theAmerican Kennel Club guarantees ,arunimpeachable standard and - thepresence of dogs of genuine meritonly.In addition to the premiums listedfor the 600 classes there have beenmore than twenty special prizes offered by dog fanciers and their donai: :i.. ,i- uv. s.ncv. oo Tiroii no mocr.iLIU US 1UC1UUC JJUCU ,aau. to ncn no ma'nificent cups and silver trophies:iter, Ky., have taken two entries andwill likely make a strong bid for firsthonor with Hazel Dawn, the beautifulwinner of the 1912 prize, and the greatgelding Jack Barrymore.Powhatan Woolridge, Pewee Valley,Ky., has also doubled his chances andit is surmised that he will enter a veryfine saddle mare and his celebratedRichlieu King.W. S. Nicol, Woodburn, Ky., willcome in with an unknown, as willThurman & Peters, of Springfield, Ky.R. F. Moreland, Lexington, Ky., willmore th.an likely choose as his entrya full brother to the celebrated NickelPlate, and Ball Brothers, of Versailles,have several likely prospects, amongthe number being the great SadiMacy.James Green, of Louisville, Ky., willshow the bay stallion, Happy Chiefone of the celebrated sons of BourbonChief.H. C. Barham, Milan, Tenn., promises to uncover a horse new to thewiseacres of the ring.The entry of A. G. Jones, North Middletown, Ky., has not yet been namedbut it is supposed he will shov eitheithe Princess V. or Marvel King, brother to the noted stallion Bourbon KingMiss Lulu Long, of Longview Farm,Lees Summit, Mo., has entered MyMajor Dare, the , splendid $10,00Cbeauty whicb she purchased last yeaiafter he won the fifth premium in the1912 Kentucky State Fair Stakes.Allen R. Edelen, of Burgin, Ky., willin all probability show a promisingdaughter of Bohemian King, and GenJohn B. Castleman, of Louisvilleeither his famous Carolina or Marguerita.BERKSHIRE CONGRESSWill Be Held in Connection With theKentucky State Fair Nine RibbonsWill Be Offered in Each Class andSome Showy Herds Are Assured.As an example of the repute wonby the constantly enlarged and improved Kentucky State Fair celebration may be mentioned the fact thatKentucky has captured the AmericanBerkshire Show for 1913, and this exhibition will be held at the fairgrounds, in Louisville, during the coming celebration.This national Berkshire exhibitionis authorized by the American Berkshire Record Association, and is anevent held from year to year at someleading state fair, the location beingselected with a view to most generallybenefitting the Berkshire breed, andit is a decidedly pleasing feather in thecap of Kentuckians that Kentucky wasvoted the next congress in preferenceto Illinois, which has heretofore ranked as the state pre-eminent in ad-I vantages to the showing of swine ofall breeds, and of Berkshires in particular. In fact, Chicago has alwaysbeen regarded as a Mecca for the greatswine herds of the country.The prizes offered in the Berkshirecontest total up to ?1,400, the sum of$600 having been contributed by theAmerican Berkshire Association, a likeamount by the Kentucky State Fairmanagement, while the balance wasdonated by those interested in the development of the Berkshire hog. Allthe leading Berkshire show herds ofthe country w,ill enter for exhibition,and there will be two beautiful trophiesoffered by the American BerkshireAssociation, one for Kentucky exhibitors and one open to the world. Foryears the association trophy has beena much coveted honor among exhib-J itors at the leading fairs and showsJ of the country, and it is a foregoneconclusion that the prominence ofKentucky as a live stock state and theextensiveness of the fair exhibitionwill key the interest in this handsomeJ Prlze UP to th very highest tension.There will be nine ribbons offeredin each class, and the premium moneyis so distributed that any exhibitorwith only a few good hogs is assuredof- making his expenses.The Berkshire Congress and SwineShow will be held in the beautiful newjudging pavilion erected last year, thebuilding being a model of convenienceand perfect in arrangement. It affordsevery advantage to exhibitor and spectator alike, and it is expected- thatevery loyal follower of the Berkshirewill flock from every part of the United 'States to do homage to this peerless breed.Both in point of numbers as well asin general excellence it is expected thatthe Berkshire Congress at the comingKentucky State Fair will excel the exhibits of the great International Exposition in Chicago.There will also be 'splendid classesof Poland China, Duroc Jerseys, -TamWorths and Hamnshirp hns?s in nrlrM.x o- vw..tioiiytb the. Berkshire exhibits. ,PUNS- BIG SOCIETYForeign Born Americans to Organize an Association.New York Will Be the Headquartersand the Organization Will BeNation-Wide In Its Scopeand Purpose.New York. The movement startedin this city to organize an associationfor the promotion of the welfare offoreign-born Americans is now in fullswing. The organization will be national in scope.According to Charles Dushkind, anattorney of 5 Beekman street, who isactive in promoting the proposed neworganization, it is designed to makeNew York the headquarters, and toestablish branches in every city ofprominence in the country. Leadingbusiness men in almost every statehave been communicated with by Mr.Dushkind, and their active co-operationhas been assured.One of the means by which the association will give publicity to itspurposes will be the publication of amonthly magazine. In this publication all questions of public interestto foreign-born Americans will be discussed by writers of prominence.Such topics as immigration, foreign,relations of the United States, theimprovement of the social and economic conditions of foreign-born residents of the country, and kindred subjects will be considered."The principal objects of the organization now in process of formation," said Mr. Dushkind, "are to present the foreign-born American in aproper light before the public and tocheck the unwarranted attacks towhich he is subjected continually bypublic men through the press, fromthe platform and in various otherways. It is our purpose to inauguratea campaign of education, so that theforeign-born American may be betterunderstood by those .who have beenprejudiced against him by the falsehoods uttered by men who can recognize no good traits in any person notborn in the United States."Mr. Dushkind said that the neworganization did not design to adoptrecriminatory policies. On the contrary, the policies will be conciliatory, the sole object being to establish kindlier feelings between American citizens of every class or nationality. The principal aim of the organization, he said, will be to eradicate racial prejudices to the end thatcomplete harmony may be established. In the advance literature preparedby the promoters of the new organization stress is laid on the fact thatone-third of the population of theUnited States is composed of personsof foreign birth, and that among theseare men and women prominent infinance, business, polite professions,literature, science and art. It is contended that without the foreign laborpopulation in this country little advancement would have been made inthe last twenty years in the prosecution of public works and great improvements. "Despite this fact," said Mr. Dushkind, "every infraction of the law bypersons of foreign birth, however insignificant, has been grossly exaggerated or made the subject of bitterracial attack, while the same offensescommitted by American-born citizenshave been glossed over or overlookedentirely. This is the fault of the system which prevails of attacking persons of foreign birth in furtheranceof a desire to restrict immigration tothis country of the people neededmost to assist it in making materialprogress. To condemn all foreignborn American citizens because ofthe delinquence of a few is grosslyunjust, and the time has come toabolish this damaging code of ethics."A committee on organization composed of well-known business and professional men In this city has beenactively at work for three weeks enlisting the co-operation of prominentforeign-born citizens in tht movement.Extensive correspondence with menIn Chicago, St. Louis, San Francisco,New Orleans and other cities hasbeen in progress.ROBBER HIDES-IN A SPRINGCold Water, However, Forces ManWho Held Up Bank to Yield toSheriff's Posse.Portland, Ore. A lone robber whoentered the First State Bank of Milwaukee, a suburb of Portland, andwith arevolver induced Cshier A. L.Bolstead to permit him to scoop upall the gold within reach of the latter's wicket, was captured -in thewoods some miles distant. He gavethe name of Virgil Perrine, and saidhe was from St. Louis, He is twentyyears old.After fleeing from the bank, withcitizens in pursuit, the robber on gaining the wood', hid himself by standingsubmerged to the neck in an incasedspring. He remained there for twohours until the chill of the waterdrove him from the hiding place intothe hands of a sheriff's posse.The robber's loot, about $400 in gold,was found in his pockets, with the exception of $40 he dropped in his flight.Attacks "Immoral Dress."Jacksonville, Fla. Mayor VanSwearing, newly elected executive,called upon the women of this cityto stop wearing the split skirt andthin, petticoatless attire. He askedthe newspapers to begin a crusadeagainst "immoral dress." "SPECIAL TRAIN EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURNSunday, AflG, j7$.25RoundTripSPECIAL TRAINLeaves GEORQETOWN 7:45amASK TICKET AGENT FOR PARTICULARS.GEO. W.FDNERil DIRECTOR ANDBOTH'PHOKES DAl 137; NIGHT 299.Twin Bros.' Department Store,701-703 Main Street, Corner SeventhSee Our Window For :.$12.50, $15.00 and $18.00 SuitsT,Reduced toIp!yLfuThese Suits are in the latest styles and colors and' areexcellent values. Take a look at them. We also have afull line of Shoes, Hats, Caps, Shirts and everything thlMen andJBoys wear.TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'lL. Wollstein, Propri or.Special Rates & Excursions!EucursioiTto Cincinnati, Ohio,and return"Sunday, Aw. 17$1.50 ROUND TRIPThis train leaves Paris at 7:50 a.m., arriving Cincinnati 10:30 a.m., returning leaves Fourth St.station, Cincinnati, at 7p. m.Tickets good on special trainonly.Low round-trip Summer Tourist tickets to all Summer resortsin the North and Northwest onsale May 15 to Sept. 30. Finallimit date 31, 1913, with liberalstop-over privileges.For further information, callon or address. "W. H. HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, T.A.PILESI PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENTWill cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching Piles.It absorbs the tumors, allays itching at once,acts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and 1.00. jWIU.1AMSMFG.CO., Props., Cleveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.i9?m$iIH Insurance EmtLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paving Companies.Give Ofd "Nub" a.CalL- s2 Helios 137 -".25RoundTripDAVIS ,UCENSED EIBALMEI. tCurtis&OverbyBusiness Mcn,sTBarbcr Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPplite AttentionHotand old. I Baths at'AllHoursNo Long Waits.Share of the ''Publicvronage Solicited.Pat-Windsor Hotel.Z9Modern Equipment,Polite' Service.,mVEverything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDSpecial Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther NoticeWe pay 12 l-2e f orgreenbeef hides. Call us'upor bring it to our- place.MAX MUNICK8th Street, PAKI, K. Call East Teniu-pifone 74h. .1HBARBERSHOPv..Jfcv',ii-,-- ' iTM;.S t -j '.WW'&,.. 'V -j i.-, -T'MA' '-JT.VVS-p.- sT - -,- .2k, - a " st $ .-ATV -".'v- t -S- .j-. ""rTE?-"WT '"-A.(,- T. 1STA-vHE BOURBON : NEWS, PARIS;f!rmuV..IftI The Bourbon NewsEstablished Feb. 1, 188LSWIFT CHAMP,- Editor andPublisherKEntered at tlie Paris Kentucky Postoffice as MailJMatter of the SecondClass.)Opening Day of Fair.others, should encourage the enterprise by their daily presence ,and bytheir daily "boosting."Come to the Fair and lets jmake itthe best ever.Following is the program for the-week:FIRST DAY.Following is the program for today: Cake Walk.Cake walk for colored people opento the world.Shetland Ponies.Best mare or gelding, any age, inharness.Best stallion, any age, in harness.Best pony, 3 years old and under 4.Best pony, 2 years old and under 3.Best roadster pony.Best pony owned by railroad man.Best pony, 1 year old and under2.Best pony, under 1 year.Fancy turnout, decorations considered, to be driven by children under 12years old and under.Fine Harness Horses.Best stallion and three or more ofhis, get regardless of ownership, shownto haltar.Gest harness mare or gelding anyage.N. Y. Saddle Horse.Best N. Y. saddle mare or gelding,walk, trot and canter, 15:2 and underix be docked or tail tied.Roadster Stallion.Best roadster stallion, any age.Colts.Best colt, either sex, under 1 year.Long Wool Sheep.Best buck, 2 years old and over.'Best buck, 1 year old and under 2.Best buck, under 1 year old.Best ewe, 2 years old and over.Best ewe, 1 year old and under 2.Best ewe, under 1 year old.Best pair lambs, buck and ewe.Sweepstakes. .Best long wool buck..Best long wool ewe.Best Down buck.Best Down ewe.Herd of Down Sheep.'Best buck and four ewes.SECOND DAY.Beef Cattle.Best steer, 2 eyars old and under 3.Best steer, 1 year old and under 2.Best steer calf.Best butcher steer.Fine Harness Horses.Best stallion, 4 years old and over.Best stallion, 3 years old and unf er 4.' Best stallion, 2 years old and under 3.Best stallion, 1 year old and under 2.Saddle Class.Best brood mare and two or moreof her foals.Saddle Horses.Best mare, 4 years old or over.Best mare, 3 years old and under 4.Best mare, 2 years old and under 3.Best mare, I year old and under 2.Best filly colt.Runabout Horses.Best runabout mare or gelding.Sweepstakes For Fine HarnessHorses.- JBest saddle mare and suckling foal.Ponies Any Dreed.Best harness pony.Best saddle pony.Shetlands.Best girl driver, under 16 years oldto drive pony."Best girl rider under 16 years old,to ride astride. 4Best boy driver under 12 years oldto drive pony.Berkshire HogsBest boar, 1 year old and over.Best boar, 6 months old and under3. year.Best boar, under six months old.Best sow, one year old and over.Best sow, 6 months old and under1 year.- Best sow, under 6 months old.Poland China Hogs.Best boar, 1 year old and over.Best boar, 6 month old and under1 year, sBest boar, under 6 month old.Best sow, 1 year old and over.Best sow, 6 months old and under1-year.vBest sow, under 6 months old.Duroc Jersey Hogs.Best boar, 1 year old and over.Best boar, 6 months old and under1 year.Best boar, under 6 months old.T Best sow, 1 year old and over..Best sow, 6 months old and under1 year.Grand SweepstakesBest boar any age.Best sow, any age.Best herd of hogs, any breed, consisting of 4 head or more owned byone firm or individual.Announcement of Prize winners inClass A of Babies' Health Show Department. THIRD DAY.Jacks and Jennetts...Best jack, 3 years old and over.Best jack, 2 years old and under 3." Best jack, 1 year old and under 2.Best jennet, 3 years old and over.Best jennet, 2 years old and under 3.Sweepstakes.Best jack, any age.Best -jennet, any age.Best jack colt, under 1 year old.Fine Harness Geldings."Best gelding, 4 years old and over.Best gelding, 3 years old and un-der' 4.Special For Harness Horses.Best stallion, mare or gelding, 4 oraaore to fillSaddle Horses.Best stallion, 4 years old and over.Best stallion, 3 years old' and under 4.Best stallion, 2 years old and under 3.Best stallion, 1 year old and under 2.Beet .stallion colt under 1 year oid.VSweepstakes For Saddle.Best stallion, any age.Best mare or gelding, any age.Announcement of prize winners inClass B Babies Health Show Department. FOURTH DAY.Mules.Best horse mule, 3 years old andover.Best-horse mule 3 years old and under 3.Best horse mule, 1 year old andunder 2.Best horse mule colt.Best mare mule, 2 years old andover.Best mare mule, 2 years old andunder 3.Best mare mule, 1 year old and under 2.Best mare "mule colt.Best suckling mule, either sex.Best team of mules shown to farmwagon.Best mule, any age.Best mule mare with foal at side.Heavy Harness Horses.Best mare or gelding, under 15.2,tail to be docked or tied.Mares For Harness.Best mare, four years old and over.Best mare, 2 years old and under 4.Best mare, 2 years old and under 3.Best mare, 1 year old and under 2.Best filly colt.Geldings For Saddle.Best gelding, 4 years old and over.Best gelding, 3 years old and under 4.Boy Rider.Best boy rider of Bourbon county,under 14 years.Walking Horse.Best walking mare or gelding.Best walking horse mare or gelding,owner to ride and live in Bourboncounty.bpecial For Harness Horses.Best pair harness horses, stallions,mares' or geldings.Special For Saddle.Best saddle mare or gelding., 4 ormore to fill.Pair Matched Shetland Ponies.Best pair matched Shetland poniesdriven by girl.Lady Driver.Best lady driver, accompanied bygentleman.Fancy TurnoutBest turnout to be driven by a gentleman accompanied by lady or ladies,and decorated.Combined Horse.Best, combined 3 gaited mare orgelding.Announcement of prize winners inClass C Babies Health Show Department. !' FIFTH DAY.Roadsters For Harness.Best stallion, 4 years old and over.Best stallion, 3 years old and under 4.Best mare, 4 years old and over.Best mare, 3 years old and under 4.Best stallion, mare or gelding, lyears old and under 3.Sweepstakes For Roadsters.Best stallion, mare or gelding, anyage. ,Combined Ring.Best combined mare or gelding, anyage.N. Y. Saddle Horses.Best roadster horse, mare or geldingowned in Bourbon county.Best N. Y. saddle mare or gelding,walk, trot and canter, over 15.2, tobe docked or tail tied.Trotting Bred Colt.Best trotting bred colt, under l'year,either sex, by registered trotting stallion. Draft Horses.Best stallion, 2 years old and over.Best mare, 2 years old and over.Best colt either sex. iBest pair geldings or mares, shownI to farm wagon.Rockaway Horse.Best rockaway mare or gelding,shown to rockaway.Model Horse.Best model horse, mare or gelding,shown to haltar, .4 years old or over.Best model horse, 3 years old andunder.Gentleman Rider.Best gentleman rider, riding tocount 50 per cent; horse and appointments to count 50 per cent; 3 ormore to fill.Heavy Harness Horses.Best mare or gelding, 15.2andover, tail to be docked or tied.Agricultural.Best 12 ears corn.Best stalw corn.Best stalk tobacco. rAnnouncement for prize winners insweepstakes for Babies' Health ShowDepartment.THE TEN COMMANDMENTSOF GOOD CITIZENSHIP.Good Citizenship.Editor NEWS:Perhaps-this will help the bad andimprove the good.A. H. KELLER,Health Officer.I. Thou shalt honor thy city andkeep its laws.II. Remember thy cleaning day andkeep it wholly.III. Thou shalt love and cherishthy children and provide J!or" themdecent-homes and playgrounds.IV. Thou shalt not keeq. thy windows closed day or night.V. Thou shalt keep in order thyalley, thy backyard, thy hall and stairway. VI. Thou shalt not kill thy neighbor's bodies with poisonous air, northeir souls with bad companions.VII. Thou shalt not let the wickedfly live.VIII. Thou shalt not steal thy children's right to happiness from them.IX. Thou shalt not bear witnessagainst thy neighbor's rubbish pile.X. Thou shalt covet all the air andsunshine thou canst obtain.The greatest menace to health in acity is the influential citizen who insists on his right to live like a dog.and be a menace and nuisance toall his neighbors.MILLERSBURG PROPERTY vSOLD AT AUCTION.The Joe W. Mock property in Millersburg, consisting of eight acres ofland and a substantial brick residence,was sold Saturday at 2 o'clock to Mr.George Bramblett, -for $4,500. Colonel'reorge D. Speakes, of this city, wasthe auctioneer.EK UND Hift- ROBINSON.Sadie M. Robinson, the Infantdaughter of Mr.- and Mrs. PalestineRobinson, died Thursday at their homehome on Nineteenth street, and wasburied Friday at the old Clay buryingground. Mrs. Robinson was formerlyMiss Mabel L. Stanfield, from nearEscondida.GENTRY.r-Mr. Joe Gentry, aged 81 years,died at his home in Richmond. Hewas an old Confederate soldier, having served under Gen. Morgan.Mr. Gentry is survived by hiswidow and seven children one of themMrs. Chas. Dudley, residing in Paris.The remains were interred in theRichmond cemetery.MARSHALL.Funeral services over the remainsof Mrs. Judith L. Marshall, said tobe the only woman arter wnom aMasonic lodge was ever named, whodied Wednesday night at her home,in Louisville, Kentucky, of ttye infirmities, wereh eld Friday morning atthe Second Presbyterian Church inLouisville, of which Mrs. Marshall wasa member. The services were conducted by the pastor of the StuartRobinson Memorial PresbyterianChurch.Members of the Marshall MaconicLodge, of Port Royal, attended thefuneral in a body. A special trainover the L. & N. conveyed the body,with members of the family, relatives,friends and members of various Masonic bodies, to Frankfort, where theburial took place at 1 o'clock Fridayafternoon. The pall-bearers, all ofwhome were close friends of the deadwoman, were Ray Mann, Richard M.Lewis, J. Montgomery Hunter, PeytonBethel, Cary Tabb and John Brent.KNOX,Miss Hazel Knox, of this city,died very suddenly Friday morning,near Carlisle. Miss Knox was 18 yearsof age, and had been a sufferer fromheart trouble for several months, butwas in herusual health Sunday last,when she went for a visit to her uncleand aunt, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Peterson, who live at Carlisle. The threedrove out to Mr. Peterson's farm Friday morning 'and while drivingthrough a pasture, Miss Hazel suddenly threw up her hands, sprang from4-1- a li a1 a -l Mirtl I w- r r 4- i iS.flT Her dSkth 7: a"s'T great !shock to her parents, Mr. and Mrs.David Knox, who resided on SouthHigh street. She was an only daughter, and is survived by two youngbrothers, I ee and James Knox.TIt1 young lady was a member ofthe Paris Christian Church and BibleSchool; and was much loved for herlovely disposition and charming manner. She was a student at Millersburg Female College for a part of lastI year, but was forced to leave that in-cl ltntinn rn nnnnnnr nr npr hpnlrh iThe funeral and burial took placeheld at 1 o'clock p. m. by Rev. W. R.Eldred.0BUILDING SITE FOR Y. M.C, A. PURCHASED BY BOARD.C. S. Goldstein and C. A. McMillanhave sold to the Board of Directors ofthe Young Men's Christian Association of Paris the lot on the West sideof Main street, between Ninth andTenth. The price paid was' $5,000.-Itis the purpose to erect upon the sitethe Y. M. C. A. building.The lot frontson Mam street .105 feet and extendsback 127 feet. Thes election wasamde by a unanimous vote of theBoard of Directors after every available site in the city had been fully considered. The State Board, acting on theirexperience in the location of suchbuildings in Kentucky, strongly adon any other street than Main.This advice practically limited thechoice to two lots, as the one selectedand the Rassenfoss lot at the cornerof Main and Seventh streets, werethe only Main street locations thatwere at all available.It was thought at first that the oldBaptist church lot at Main and Sixthstreets might be purchased, but theNew York parties who several yearsago bought that corner for $9,000, refused an offer of $15,000 made by thecommitte, .and the lowest price atwhich the Rassenfoss corner could bebought (including the Roche propertyadjoining) was $14,200. The StateCommitte advised against the purchase of this lot because in would benecessary to locate the gymnasium toonear the Methodist church.The site selected was approved bythe State Committee, and the localboard was unanimous in the choice.The price is considered very reasonable, and while some will think thelocation too far up town, it must beremembered that the business .of thetown is growing in that direction. TheRobneel, one of the most pretentiousbusiness houses in the city, is only ablock away, Mr. Martin Doyle hasquite recently erected two handsomestore rooms opposite the Robneel, andthere are but two buildings, betweenthis site and the opera house. It willalso be very convenient for railroadmen,, who are expected to becommembers of the Y. M. C. A.The lot selected slopes somewhatabruptly back from Main street and isadmirably suited for a deepbasementfor the baths and swimming pools,and a saving of $10,000 over any otheravailable site will enable the directorsto build a better house and furnishit with better equipment.SOCIETY WILL HAVECHARGE OF FAIR DINNER.The Directors of the Bourbon County Agricultural Society have retainedthe dining room privilege. The diningroom will be run in the interest of theassociation and George Rassenfosshas been appointed to take full charge.The fair dinners in the past have beenthe best feature of the fair and inorder to retain that reputation, Mr.Bassenfoss was instructed to spareno expense in order to furnish firstclass meals. The usual price of 50cents will be charged.- AAND mDo not choose a Door boar to savea dollar or two.Sows that farrow while on pasture never are feverish nor eat theirThere is no best breed of hogsbut several of the breeds are verynear that mark.Col. Jones, of Bourbon county,recently sold to Sam Houston 140 hogsaveraging 60 pounds at 8 cents.Mr. Will Robinson, of Mt. Sterling, has bought a splendid yearlingjack from Jas. B. Clark at a privateprice.Several hundred head of muleswere in Carlisle during the pastweek and offered for sale in the mulemarket, but the prices were low,ranging from $30 to $50 and only afew were sold.Fire Commissioner Geo. Land, ofLexington, purchased of S. D. Renaker, of near Centerville, two extranice horses for $500. The animalswill be trained for service in the Lexington fire department.-The Millersburg Coal and LumberCo., of Millersburg,-Ky., are well supplied with all kinds of rough anddressed lumber, shingles and tobaccosticke. Especially is this true ofbarn timbers, suitable for both rackbrns and post barns. Call phone -22,either phone, for prices. Deliveriesmade any where at reasonable prices.(adv-19-2t)Edward Lewis, of Boyle county,drove his family mare down Mainstreet in Danville, Monday, when alarge automobile, bearing Louisvilletourists, approached. The old marenever before had seen a horseless carriage and she became so frightenedshe dropped dead in her tracks.. .Achange has been made in thedates of the Fall Race Meeting of thePanama-Pacific Internationtl Exposition. The meeting will begin October30, 1915, instead of .October 25, asheretofore announced, and close November 13 instead of November 6.This change is made to allow timefor shipping after the Lexington meeting. The circuit will include Phoenix,Arizona, and special arrangements willbe made for transportation.John K. Northcutt, of Cynthiana,who has a great herd of Shorthorn,reports a lucrative business. In addition to numerous sales in Kentucky,Mr. Northcutt has sold six head toJ Mississippi,-several to Tenn-essce, lrginia ana inaiana. His recent sales have amounted to 26 headthat were distributed among ten buyers in' five States, which includeKentucky. There are few more enthusiastic breeders than Mr. Northcutt, and his herd shows his attention and ability as a breeder.Transactions in live stock havebeen brisk recently among Bourboncounty -stockmen. J. W. Ockerman,of near Cane Ridge, bought a bunnof calves in Nicholas county for $25j Per rJe.a?,J. D. Booth, of Bourbon,om J. c. Blount, or Nicholascounty, 100 head of stock ewes, at $4per head. W. D. Mclntyre, of Millersburg, bought from J. W. Myers, ofNicholas, a car load of fat hogs, atS cents per pjound, and five yearling steers from Jack Hunter, of Carlisle, at $5.80 per hundred pounds. JoePenn Redmon, of near Millersburg,sold to Monte Fox, of Danville. 20head of 1,400 cattle, at $8.25 per hundred pounds. Albert Moffett, of Millersburg, purchased a car load ofheifers at 6 cents per pound. Mr.Moffett also bought a double-deck carload of lambs at 6 cents per pound,and a few stock ewes at $5 per head.ALLEGEDFEUDIST."FtfEEDON BOND.'Red Tom" Davidson, charged withengaging in a conspiracy to kill Ed.Callahan, on trial at Winchester, andin whose case a jury Friday nightfailed to agree, on Saturday furnishedbond of $5,000 and was released fromjail. His bond was signed by JudgeJ. J. C. Bach and Robert Davidson,of Jackson. Judge Benton on Saturday admitted Govan Smith to bond of$3,000, which was furnished by PriceTerry, a Commonwealth witness. Bothmen at once left for Jackson.TOBACCOGROWERSARE CUTTING CROP.Tobacco growers in Central Kentucky and in the White Burley District have already begun to cut andhouse their tobacco crops in an effortto save as much of the tobacco aspossible. This is the first time withinyears that there has been a generalcutting of tobacco so early in the season and unless a general rain fallswithin the next week or ten daysover half of the tobacco in the Burley district will be cut and housed.Commissioner Newman said that aftertalking with numerous farmers at theBlue Grass Fair he was convinced thatthe tobacco crop in the Burley district will not make 50 per cent of anaverage yield.SPORTSMEN PROTECTINGGAME IN BOYLE COUNTY.Concerted efforts among the sportsmen of Boyle, Mercer, Lincoln andCasey counties to protect all kinds ofgame are bearing fruit. District Warden J. M. Bailey, last week effectedan organization in Casey for the protection of fish and game. The othercounties have already been thoroughly organized. Over seventy-five coviesbirds have been located in Boylecounty.Last winter during the severeweather the birds were fed. Duringthe present drouth they have been watered and the indications are most favorable for a complete restocking ofthe fields. Dynamiting of fish in DixRiver has been reduced to a minimum. Warden Bailey has just destroyed three bel fish traps in DixRiver near where it empties into theKentucky River at High Bridge. Thesetraps were built of heavy stone andhundreds of fish had been caught inthem every week, them every week.Owners of mill dams have been forced to put "up fish leaders.MHKrtFIVE INJURED IN.AlfrrO .WRECK NEAR LEXINGTON.t -Three men and two girls were moror lessseriousiy injured and severalothers badly shaken up,a"bout 8o'clock Friday night near Lexingtonin an. accident in which three automobiles figured. The injured are:Charles Busby, chauffeur for thePeople's Garage, Winchester, said tobe dangerously injured, taken to Winchester fro treatment.Harry Eversole, Hazard, severelycut about the head, taken to Lexington. Houston Beall, a farmer residing onthe Mt. Sterling pike, about threemiles from Winchester, badly shakenup and for a "while almost unconscious, at St. Joseph's Hospital, Lexington, for treatment.Misses Sallie and Mary Nelson Eubanks, daughters of Mr. R. M. Eubanksof. Clark county, ten miles from Winchester, taken to St. Joseph's Hospital lor treatment, not badly hurt.Another woman, Lillie Johnson, wassaid to have been thrown from one ofthe machines and injured.. The accident occurred on the Winchester pike about half way betweenLexington and Winchester.HO THE TROUBLE STARTS.Constipation .is the cause of manyailments and disorders that make lifemiserable. ,Take Chamberlain's Tablets, keep your bowels regular and youwill avoid these diseases. For sale byall dealers.(August)NOTICE.Having sold our business to Prichard & Ball, we will appreciate it verymuch if those having accounts with uswhich are due, will call and settlesame, as we have some heavy obligations to meet before we can wind upour business.8-3t YERKES & PRICHARD.BOURBON FAIR WILL BEBIGGER AND BETTER THAN EVER.The Bourbon Fair which beginsAugust 19th, to continue five days, will On and after this date I will not barbe bigger and better than ever. Never responsible for any accounts contracthas there been a larger number of pre- ed by other person's in my name unlesamiums offered at a county fair in same is made upon a written order,.Kentucky, which insures an excellent signed by myself.exhibition in every department. Besure to attend every day.AnrataaS5 BEG9AUGUSTm l?ll!M Fall III lliw DidlS aG7tHBourbon CountercAgricultural SocietyThe Program this year Iever offered in all its history.SLaMeJohn's BS:will furnish the attractions for the Midway. 1 wenlyclean attractions.High Dive and BaSSooai AscensionEvery Day8IWrite to the undersigned for entry blanks and Jinformation.JOHNW.;fWINDfwf(US'(fpto&!INSURANCEireLightningtiVtIS12 Big CompaniesGOOD REASON FORHIS ENTHUJAW v 4.I -When, a maa hm suffared for MTnrJv. idays with cone, cMarrnoea or otJrform of 'bowel complaint and is tWar ''cured sound aftd well by one or twodoses of Chamberlain's Colic, Cholera vand Diarrhoea Remedy, aals often thrcase, it is but natural that he should8be enthusiastic in his praises of theremedy, and especially is this the case- yof a severe attack when life is threat-:ened. Try it when in need of such a - "Temedy. It never fail's. Sold by all " 'ldealers.(August) jft.Vr jTO MAMMOTH CAVE,-- n:: -AUGUST 20, 1913LAST GREAT REDUCTION.Round trip railroad fare $5,651Board at the Cave Hotel, including theseveral routes in the Cave for $ 6.50,Making total cost for three days' trip$12.15; going on regular morningtrains. Limit on tickets 10 days.Write or phone L. & N. agent. 5aug5tSouthdown Buck?..I have a nice lot of pure Southdown Bucks for sale.JOHN SATJER.15-3t Paris, Ky. - .NOTICE.All persons knowing themselves indebted to the estate of J. H. Linvilledeceased, will please come and settlesame at once; also those having claimsagainst said estate will please presentthem, properly proven as prescribed:,by law, to undersigned.W. V. HUFFMAN,Administrator J. H. Linville.Notice to MerchantsW. M. GILLESPIE,Paris, Ky., Aug. 1, 1913.imULH'mMWMULlu.lM.JMjii i I .HimMu'.iiiiiiiiiiMi.M-jiF--ii 1.1am.Fasr of hsDays-51913,decidedly the bestWrite for Catalog,UraSfced ShowsS.WIGGINS,JSecretaryand1SWDDa431ri -w -. : i7J.Jx -''-Ti"58i-:rv&&'X-$lHS THE BCSTOF ALU LINES FiSAOCNOTSCE.City tax lists for theyear 1913 are now Inmy hands for collection, at my off see atShe Deposit Bank.C. K. TMOIVSAS,City Collector.GOOD COFFEEGood bulk coffifee at 20 cents perrpound. Both phones, t6.(x)T. LENIHAN.PARIS BANKS WILL CLOSEIN AFTERNOON DURING FAIR.The Paris banks will be close at1 o'clock every day of the BourbonFair, this week, except Saturday,.when the usual hours will be observed.FAIR VISITORS.Beautiful Fall stock of ready-to-wearhats just received from the East nowready for your inspection.,(x) MRS. CORNE WATSON BAIRD.WANTED POSITION.,v young man twenty years o age.W Al invest 2,000 in a year's time.A .dress "X X" care News.f..!SS FITHIAN PURCHASESSECOND STREET PROPERTY.JMiss Nellie Fithian has purchasedthe residence property of Mrs. Lou J.Smedley on Second street. The pricepaid was 2,200 cash. Miss Fithianbought the property as an investment. EDUCATIONAL BOARDSPERFECT ORGANIZATION.The following chairmen and secretaries of educational division boardswere elected Saturday, at the courthouse:Division No. 2. T. B. Brannock,chairman: Geo. Moreland, secretaryDivision "No. 3 T.W. Current, chair- iman; Letton Yimont, secretary.Division No. 5 J. W. Turner, chairman; J. N. Mason, secretary.HOME-COOKING.JHome-cooking at our cafe. Shortorder meals for supper and breakfastRegular vegetable dinner at noon for50 cents. Fair visitors give us acall,(x) STAG CAFE."QUAIL PLENTIFUL HERE.A dry hatching season seems toljave had tne effect of causing an jabundance of quail in this county. Lastyear it looked like these birds werealmost exterminated by the cold winter, but they have come again ingreat numbers. People riding overthe county report that in every sectionthey hear many Boy Whites and youcan hardly drive out of town in anydirection that some of these birds donot run across the road. Hunters will-. , i'.una no umiuuity lu nave mu sausacks this fall when the season be-t j;en u.. .. !,.. -P.. 11 rvisamebe-gins.FORMER PARISIAN MAY BELEXINGTON CHARITIES OFFICER.Mr. Sherman Stivers, formerly ofParis and at present engaged as editor of the Blue Grass Farmer editionof the Lexington Herald, it is saidis prominently mentioned as a successor to L. W. Mahn, as the Associated Charities Officer in Lexington.Mr. Stivers, who is well-known inParis, is said to have an excellentchance to secure the appointment.He is admirably fitted and it is thehope of his many friends here thathe will be sucessful in securing theposition.TEACHERS' EXAMINATION.Only four teachers took the Stateand county examinations Friday at theoffice of Miss Robbins, County Superintendent, Misses Annie Clay andDollie Boone taking the county examination and Mrs. Nora Fields andMr. R. H. Ellett the State examination.Miss Mary Davis, of Springfield,Mo., is visiting Mrs. E. K. Thomasand other friends at North Middletown. Twenty years ago her fatherDr. W. R. Davis, deceased, was awell-known physician in North Middletown, his office being near whereDr. R. -D. Weaver's residence nowstands.PARIS GIRL APPLICANT FORPOSITION IN LEXINGTON.Mrs. Josephine Hayden, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. J. W. Hayden, of thisf city, has filed an application withJudge Percy Scott, in Lexington, forthe position of woman probation offii cer of the Juvnile Court, to take theplace of Miss Enid Allen, who has re-signed. The Advisory Board willprobably name her sucessor nextweek. Miss Hayden has for the pastsix years been engaged in probationwork in State institutions in Montanaands Georgia. T.he last two yearf been spent in Georgia. Her application to Judge Scott was accompaniedby a letter of endorsement from- Mayor J. T. Hinton, of this city. MissHayden is the only applicant for theposition so far.WOMEN WILL VOTE.We think every woman should havethe privilege of voting for her rightsemancipation from household drugery. It is declared that an ElectricIron can mean more to the health,comfort and happiness of the homethan any other pne thing. On requestthe Paris Gas & Electric Co. will deliver' an "iron to your home on twoweeks -trial. Ask about the othermodern electrical appliances.SOCIAL ill PERSONALMr. and Mrs. A. Stern are in NewYork on a short stay,Miss Lizzie Cummins, of 'this city,is visiting in Lexington.Mrs. Curtis Talbott is visitingfriends in Louisville.Miss Ollie Butler, has returnedfrom a visit to friends in Winchester.Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Wallen havereturned from a visit in Owenton, Ky.Mrs. Russell Mann is visiting herson, Attorney Ray Mann, in Louisville.Mrs. Eva Brown, of Canton, O., isa guest of her brother, Mr. Roy Collins. Mr. C. A. McMillan left Friday forCanada, whereh e will spend severalweeks.Master Hugh Scott has returnedto his home in this city from a visit inLouisville.Miss Fannie Ingles was a guestof Mrs. Marcus Bean, in Winchesterlast week.Miss Mary Brannon has returnedfrom a delightful visit to friends inLexington.Mr. George Frety, of Lexington,has been the guest of Paris friendsfor several days.Mrs. John J. Connel and Mrs.John 'M. Flaugher are guests of Mrs.Maston, in Richmond.Miss Lucy Burbridge has returnedfrom a visit in Salt Lake City andother Western cities.Mrs Daisy Hill has returned froma visit to her sister, Miss Ida Philipp,at Fayetteville, Ark.Mrs. J. L. Dickerson has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. W. M. Northcutt, at Morgan, Ky.Miss Ethel Turner has Tetumedfrom a visit to Misses Annie and Myrtle Rion, in Lexington.Mrs. Mattie Daum, of Lexington,is a guest of her sister, Mrs. C. E.Peterson, on High street.Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Weatherallhave gone to Ashville, N. C, whereMrs. Weatherall hopes to be benefittedby a change of climate.Col. Brent AinolcT, of Covington,was the guest of Mr. George Alexander, Wednesday evening.Miss Elizabeth Snears. of Colum-fbia, Mo., is a guest of her aunt, Mrs.Mattie' Keller, at Shawhan.Mrs. Denis Dundon has returnedfrom a visit to her sister, Mrs. DanDrennan, in Mason county.Mr. Ford Fithian, of Huntington,iWVa, is visiting his mother, Mrs.iMayme Fithian, in this city.Miss Mayme Bradford and Flor-j ence Coilms, of Falmouth, are guestsof Paris fi lends for the fairMiss Katherine Marsh, of this city,was the guest of Miss Lila D. Smithin Lexington last week.Miss Katherine Marsh was a guestof Miss Lillie Smith in Lexington,during the Blue Grass Fair.Miss Nellie Buckner is ill withtyphoid fever at the home o Mrs.W. E. Simms, on Second street.The Bourbon Dancing Club willgive its annual Fair dance at Elks'Hall on Thursday evening, Aug. 21.Mrs. J. Frank Trisler and Missesi Elizabeth Brown and Marjorie Tris-ier are at Torrent for a weeks' stay.Mrs. M. E. Frazier and daughter,Miss Margaret Frazier, of Louisville,are guests of Mr. and Mrs. Silas Bed-ford.Misses Edith and Nellie Sharon,of Newnort. are the quests of theMisses Stivers, en Cypress street for, the fair.' Miss Clara Belle O'Neil, organistfined to her home by illness Sunday, . . ... .her place was iilled by Mrs. M. H.nniiovMr. and Mrs. C. C. Hazelrigg, ofLouisville, will visit their daughter,Mrs. W. R. Scott and attend the fairthis week.Mr. Thompson Tarr, who is veryill with typhoid fever at his home onthe Georgetown pike, shows an improvement. "Mr. and Mrs. L. Saloshin anddaughters, Misses Goldie and Macie,are at Martinsville, Ind., for a tendays' 'Stay.Mr. W. K. Griffith, of the L. & N.,left Sunday for a trip to Earlington,Ky., Evansville, Ind., Nashville, Tenn.,and Fairview, O.Mr. and Mrs. G. E. Leggett, ofWinchester, Ind., arrived Saturdayfor a visit to Mr. and Mrs. A. W.Cottingham, in this city.Mrs. Rebecca Freeman and MissCharlina Ball, left Saturday morningfor Huntington, W. Va., to spend therebainder of the summer.Mr. and Mrs . Louis Mussinonhave as guests for the week of the fairMrs. Louis King and Miss AgethaKing, of Wichita Falls, Texas.Miss Katie Graham Thompson,who has been visiting friends in Burgin, Ky., has returned and is a guestof her aunt, Mrs. J. T. Hinton.Mr. and Mrs. Edward Summerswere guests of Mrs. Summers' par-I ents, Mr. and Mrs. James Heiser, inFalmouth several daf's last, week.Misses Edith and Virgie Stone, ofSomerset, guests of Mrs. R. F. Barnes,in this city, were entertained at din-J ner Friday evening by Mrs. T. Barnesat her home on Sixteenth street.Misses Bettie and Ola Rogers,who have been the guests of Mrs.Frank Byrd, near this city, have returned to they home n Mt. Sterling.Messrs. Franks and Harry Clay,kho have been with a fishing partyin Canada, returned home Saturday.E. M. Dickson and Robt. Lyne, whowere also with the party, remainedbehind to have a side-trip through theSoo and the Great Lakes.Miss Frances Champ, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Swift Champ, underwent an operation for throat affectionSaturday. She was removed to theGood Samaritan Hospital, where sheis improving nicely from the effects.Mrs. A. M. Glenn, of Ashland,Mrs. A. J. Clark, of Christman, 111.,and Mrs. T. B. Purdy, of Falmouth,who were guests at the home of Mr.F. J. Keith, have returned to theirhomes.Mr. J. F. Dutton, Superintendentof the Paris office of the MetropolitanLife Insurance Co., has returned fromCedar Point, O., where he attendedthe meeting of the company Superintendents from Ohio and Kentucky.Mrs. J. D. Yarrington and daughters, of Phoenix, Arizona, who arespending the summer with Mr. andMrs. Wm. .dark and family on Mainstreet, left Saturday for several days'visit in Lexington. While there theywill be the guests c-f Captain - andMrs. 'John Clark. v -Prof. L." K. Frankel and family, ofLexington, spent Sunday with Mr. andMrs. A. J. N Winters.Mrs. J. S. Ball, of Elizaville,Fleming .county, is visiting at thetome of Mr, and Mrs. S. C. Ball; nearParis. ,The condition of Mr. Harry Minter, who has been quite ill at hishome with typhoid fever, is somewhatimproved.Miss Louise King and daughter,Miss Agatha, arrived Sunday fromWichita Falls, Texas, to visit Generaland Mrs. Louis Mussinon.Mr. John Yerkes arrived Fridayfrom Nasville, Tenn., for a brief visitto his family, who will join him inNashville, in September.Miss Lucy Burbridge has returned from a trip to Salt Lake Qity, andother places of interest in the West,and has asher guests Mrs. L. A. Billingsley and granddaughter, of Washington, D. C.During the absence of Miss Frances Johnson, who has gone to Berlin,Germany, to pursue her musicalstudies, her place as organist at thePresbyterian Church will be lied byMiss Elizabeth Crutcher, an accomplished musician.STUB BOOKS OF ONE CITYPRECINCT TAMPERED WITH.The Bourbon Board of Election Commissioners, composed of Sheriff A. S.Thompson, R. K. McCarney and M. R.Jacoby met Saturday niorning at thecourt house to go over the returns ofthe Fifth and Sixth precincts in thisciyt in the Republican primary for thenomination for Councilman from theThird ward. The opposing candidatesin the election August 2 for the Repubilcan nomination were George Ellisand C. W. Larkin.On the face of the returns certifiedto County Clerk Pearce Paton, Larkin had a majority of three votes overEllis, who contended that the stubbooks of he Fifth precinct had beentamperedwith and the figures changed. At the meeting of the Commissioners Saturday the matter was investigated with the result that the total vote of the precinct had beenchanged the ink figures having beenerased and others substituted with alead pencil.Two qlection officers of this precinct appeared before he board andpresented a duplicate tally sheet,which is retained by the Clerk of Election, and a comparison of the figuresshowed that they did not correspond.'According to the official vote Hllis, carried the ward by a majority of onevote. It is reported an investigationwill be conducted in an effort to es-tablish the guilt of the party or par-'ties who tampered with the figures onthe stub book.FALLS IN ENGINE FLY WHEELAND SUFFERS BROKEN ARM.An attemept to start a gas enginealmost had a fatal result when WilliamMinogue, aged 17 years, an employeof the News office, slipped and fell inthe fly wheel.The young man was turning thelarge fly wheel of the engine and insome unaccountable manner lost his( balance and plunged headlong intojthc wheel.His- right arm was caught betweena spoke of the wheel and the concretej base, fracturing the member a fewj inches above the wrist. His left armi was badly bruised and cut and he. rr i -i i jsuffered a slight sprain to the elbow.He was taken to the office of Dr. F.M. Faries, where the broken bone wasset and his other injuries given attention when he was taken to his homeon Vine street. This is the second accident the young man has sufferedsince he has been employed at theNews office. About two months agothree fingers of his left hand werebadly mashed when he caught themin a platan press.While suffering considerably fromthe injuries sustained Saturday, he isgetting along as well as could be expected. His absence from the Newsoffice will be keenly felt, as he is anexceedingly bright and industriousboy and the entire force regret theserious accident.SIX YOUNG MEN HURTIN AUTOMOBILE CRASH.A party of six young men of this cityhad a narrow escape from death Friday night in an automobile accidentwhich occurred on the Lexington pike,about three miles from Paris. Everymember of the party was more or lessbruised, but forturfately none of themwere seriously injured.The car was driven by Hiram Roseberry, of near this city. The partywas enroute to Lexington and it is saidthe car was being driven at a rapidrate of speed. At the double curvewhere a number of automobile accidents have occurred, the machine leftthe road and plunged into a ditchturning over "on its side and throwing the occupants out. Three of theparty were thrown a number of feetin the air andthese suffered the mostpainful injuries.Passing automobiles picked themembers of the party up and broughtthem to this city, where their injuries were given attention. The machine, which was badly damaged, wastaken to Lexington Saturday afternoonwhere it will be repaired.fiABIES' HEALTH SHOWAT BOURBON FAIR.Examination of the applicants forthe Babies' Health Show was held atthe home of Mrs. Whitley, Thursdayafternoon.Of the thiity babies examined,seventeen made a score of 90 or over.These seventeen babies consitute thehonor roll and are the only ones thatwill bes hown at the fair.Announcement of the prize winnerswill be made as follows: Wednesday,babies from 6 months to 1 year;Thursday babies from one to 2 years;Friday babies from 2 to 3 years; Saturday the babies who made thehighest and second highest scores ofall.Visit the baby show booth and seethe honor roll and" prize babies andtheir score cards. They will be on exhibition v there vfrom three to fiveo'ejock on the days above stated.W ! iffUMHUMWWMilWL.U Will I IMMMO MMMWWMTIF YOUR CHILDRENARE DELICATE OB FRAILunder-size or tin&ev-weightremember Scott's Emulsionis nature's grandest growingfood; it strengthens their bones,makes healthy blood and promotes sturdy growth;Scott & Bowne. Bloomfield, N. J. 13-27MELONS ON ICE.Before leaving town stop at ourstore and get a cold watermelon totake home,(x) - T. .LENIHAN.SRONZE TABLET IS PLACEDIN THE MASSIE HOSPITAL.A handsome bronze tablet 2 feet, 8inches long and 1 foot 8 inches wide,has been received by the firm ofShire & Fithian, to be placed over theentrance to the Massie Memorial Hospital. The tablet was ordered by Mrs.E. F. Clay for the Board of Trustees,from the Goram Company, of NewYork, and bears the 'following inscription in block letters in relief:"The W. W. Massie HospitalErected b,y His WifeAnnie Daugherty MassieAnd OthersContributorsAnno Domini 1911."A beautiful border, also in relief,surrounds the tablet, and a narrow inner border adds beauty to the handso,me memorial.FALL MILLINERY.I have just arrived home from theEast, where I bought the very latestin Fall millinery. It jvas all shippedby express and has arrived and isready for inspection. The. ready-to-wearhats are exquisite. While attending the Fair take a few minutesoff and call in and have a look.(x MRS. CORNE WATSON BAIRD.FOR SALE.Sorreliorse, 5 vears old. City brokeMARTIN BROS(x)8th Street, Paris, Ky.YOU WILL BE PLEASED.Get shoe satisfaction(18-tf)by traing atFELD'S.Speiscfl prices oraPursiifctare ice Creamfreezers- arid PorchShades,. Old HackeryFtsrrBitLare goes atcost.tf E. fV2. WHEELER,FOR SALE.Durock Jersey Boars. Choicelybred. Ready for service.SIDNEY G. CLAY,Cumberland phone 32G. Paris, Ky.19-3t- Xran-y-x- IV-4- - - - I in. .mi in ' ii i - i -IJ.T. HINTONWood MantelsIjB9H,Our Lame StockMust BeSo we will give the prices anotherbig cut. Comewhile have your size.Prices on Ail. Vl Reduced.9Big cut on Dress Linens, Lawns,Wash Goods, Etc.AW. Ed Tucker.&wtws9aswsasmmsm. saVwssmmmmsmmmmsmSHOETo make roomwe Slave reduced!!Vuer&99 Women's9 This 8ale Began August 6 andLasts 10 Days. -NotSiitng charged afc'cut prices.VJLPhones 301CITT iINDOWS-?!Porch Furnishings Cheaperyoue ever seen?Look-' At TkePrices!SAVES YOU MONEYUndertakingof Shirt WaistsReduced."Summer Fabrics-jsIc-SALlifor our iFaM Stock,our entire stock 6farad Children's LowTSie Shoe Vflanhit.TVS:?3'ysT.T-yAmbulanceMcWilliams,,t-5Vv" i "sS&IfIt$2f'&:v-M& - v-'.rr- -sir tzr' ,'T-."$?VV"r .Vfli.-Iri.ir'isMrrIIIItII.1ThlSi!I!-'ItXImiMPill-E!am?m?m?mfffifisJob Ppinftnej.WORK DONE ;WHEN PROMISEDGood WorkCheap WorkrTRE J9B R0OfflS OFTHEBOURBONNEWSAre prepaired toPrinting on shortBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork'.Qur type is new and modernfaces.Che Bourbon Hews,1 04 issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.ftuWiWUiUWUitfDone Cheap;Done Good!do the best ofnotice such as- SS-, vFIND VERY ANCIENT BONESMaryland Cave Contains Extinct Animals' Remains Are Species ofPrehtctonc Times.Cumberland, Md. James W. Gidley,assistant curator of the National museum, Washington, has completed hiswork of exploring the cave at Corrigansville, this county, for the bones ofprehistoric animals. The cave wasopened when the big limestone cutwas made for the Western Marylandrailway extension from Cumberland toConnellsville.Thirty-two distinct forms of prehistoric animals were found, and whenthe bones are cleaned up and lookedinto closer the number may run upto more than forty. There are in allabout seventeen skulls, and ten formsare represented by good skulls.In the find, one of the most important yet made, are the following: Themastodon, -which lived in about themid-pleistocene period, estimated at150,000 years or more ago. An extinct species of the horse, similar insome respects to the horse of the present day, but of which animal therewas living at that time atMeast fourteen distinct species. The tapir, nowto be found no farther north than Central and South America,An extinct peccary, a hoglike animal of more than twice the size nowfound in Central America. Bears,two small ones about the size of thecommon black bear, but of extinct species, and one large one about the sizeof a grizzly bear.The wolverine, an extinct species ofan animal not now known except innorthern Canada. An extinct speciesof a large dog-like animal about thesize of a gray wolf, also one or twosmaller species of the same animal,now extinct. Several species of therodent family, including woodchuck,porcupine and small field mice families. Two now extinct species of therabbit family, one about the size ofthe jack-rabbit, the other belonging tothe group of little coney rabbits, nowknown only on the high peaks of theRocky mountains and the high plateaus of Asia. Three different formsof hats now living in this vicinity, andone form of which is now living inNew Mexico.BILLIE BURK IS MAKING HAYNoted Actress Accompanied by PetDog Having Vacation on Burk-leigh Crest Farm.New York. In the picture is shownBillie Burk on her Burkleigh Crestfarm at Rustings-on-the-Hudson, whereshe is taking in the fresh air and sun-Biilie Burk Making Hay.shine and in the meantime playing therole of Maud Miller so she can weardresses just like any other girl. Shehas turned her character role of Tommy in the Amazon over to her petdog. which is seen in .this picture busily engaged in making hay.SUN RAYS HELP FIRE A CARLos Angeles Women in Panic asFlames Burn Roof of Trolley' During Noon Hour.Los Angeles, Cal. Dashing throughthe congested streets of the businesssection, roof afire, and women screaming, a Glendale line street car of thePacific Electric company came to astop at Sixth street and Broadway atnoon. Instantly it was vacated, andthe crew, assisted by many of thewomen passengers, formed a bucketline from the large retail store of H.Jovne & Co., and the fire was dowsed.None of the passengers was injured.Inspectors for the company statedthey believed the hot sun had softenedthe roofing material, making it easilyinflammable, and that sparks from thetrolley did the rest.Wedded After 22 Years.Islip, N. Y. After waiting 22 years,Miss Bessie M,ann of London, England,received word from her lover, Jas. R.Ross of this town, that he is ready towed her. The couple met in Londonin 1890 and became engaged. Manncame to America to make his fortune,but shortly afterward married a woman, who died some time ago.$6,000 for Women Police.Oakland, Cal. This city has setaside $6,000 for a woman's police bureau, consisting of a chief and two assistants. The women will police publicdance halls.EGGS FROM THE FARM!'Should Be Gathered Often andKept in Dry Place. ' -In Handling, Marketing and ShippingThey Should Not Be Exposed toDraughts and Should Be! Properly Protected.(By N. E. CHAPMAN.)The common causes of loss may beclassed under several heads: Smalleggs, dirty eggs, breakage, shrunkenand rotten eggs, moldy and flavoredeggs. Eggs must weigh two ouncespr over to be classed as No. 1. Lighter eggs should be consumed on thefarm, rather than be sold at a reduced, price. Like eggs too small,eggs abnormally large or misshapedshould be used at home, for such willbe easily crushed in the case, andare always classed as "seconds."About five eggs out, of each hundred marketed are classed as "dir-Out of Every Dozen Eggs That Leavethe Farm, but Ten Are Fit to BeDelivered to Customer.ties." These are stained, smeared,muddy, or covered with filth. Theodor of whatever soils the egg willsoon penetrate the shell and flavorthe contents. Market eggs shouldnever be washed, as they take odorsmore rapidly and soon are stale. Eggsmay be washed, however, for use athome. Eggs carried to market inbran are generally classed as "dirties." The bran adheres to theshell, and is difficult to remove.It is estimated that eight per centof the eggs are broken in movingfrom producer to consumer. Checked, ,dented or leaking eggs soon sour,and must be marketed at greatly reduced prices. If checked or brokenon the way to market, they should betaken home for use in the family.Eggs should be gathered often andkept in a cool, dry place until thefirst opportunity for marketing.Broody hens should be taken fromthe nests at once, and confined bythemselves, unless needed for hatching purposes. After the hatching season is over, all roosters should besold or confined, and not allowed torun with the laying flock during thesummer. Hens will lay more eggs,and be in better health without themale birds. Infertile eggs are far superior for preserving, shipping andstoring.Sixty-five per cent of the contentsof a fresh egg is water; and becauseof a porous shell this evaporates rapidly under most conditions, resultingin loss of weight and value. As soonas the newly-laid egg cools, an aircell appears, which increases in sizeas the contents shrink from evaporation. Shrunken eggs may be detected by "candling," or by gently shaking when held to the ear. "When the"gurgle" of the contents is distinct,the egg is questionable. The membrane of such eggs is often rupturedin handling and shipping, resulting in"frothy" eggs, of poor quality. Inthe summer, eggs should receive thesame care and consideration as sweetmilk and cream, and be marketeddaily, if possible. They should not beexposed to draughts of warm air,Have Only Uniform, Standard-Bred,Laying Stock.and should be protected from therays of the sun and moisture, inhandling, marketing and shipping.Moisture is the main cause of rotten eggs. Nests on the ground orin wet straw, together with damp cellars and moist "fillers" in egg cases,are mainly responsible for this condition. A fresh egg will absorbodors as rapidly as fresh milk.Mustiness or moldy growth in eggcases or fillers will taint the egg andlower its quality. Eggs should notbe stored in musty cellars, or inrooms with fruit, vegetables or fish.The chickens should never be allowed to drink filthy water, be fed mustygrain or strong-flavored vegetables,as onions and garlic, nor given accessto decaying meat or substances thatwill flavor the product, and impairits quality.Cutting Cowpeas.Cowpeas may be cut with the mow-erf and after getting at least a fullday's sun the vines are raked up andgenerally lie another day in the windrow. They are then bunched up insmall bunches and after another dayor two put into larger bunches andlet stand as long as weather permits,when they are drawn to the barn." v xOQritfe '4, nm$HlS Bbs- zs .V2V Li TLJl JU JUIJ.K9Tit1 This is a Duke's2irailU5rca?Ms:MKWhether you smoke Duke's Mixture in pipe or cigarette, it is delightfully satisfying. Everywhere it is thechoice of men who want' real, natural tobacco.JrI'.SiSl-In ear h 5c sack there are one and a half ounces ofchoice Virginia and North Carolina tobacco pure, mild,rich best sort of granulated tobacco. Enough to makemany good, satisfying cigarettes the kind that makesrolling popular. And with each sack you get a presentcoupon and a book of cigarette papers tree.Get an Umbrella FreeThe coupons can be' exchanged for all sorts of valuable presents. The list includes not only smokers' articlesbnt many desirable presents for women and childrenumbrellas, cameras,toilet articles, tennisT S-fe'i? 53$sf& fcrSPHgrgflji ?&& iAll "TTry " ""7iri, J-1 '"-fe t. r -n 7Imj. . s-:imRFx?gmIsrmsmpr'siTygfeaagfiIt tl-. VSi.V J .- .S' '.l-..t..c.V uSHAlAnd Some Wall Street Goats.Over 3,000,000 animals were slaughtered in New York last year, but atthat a lot of asses managed to maketheir getaway. Philadelphia Inquirer.Tyranny Over the Mind.I have sworn upon the ltar of Godeternal hostility against every form oftyranny over the mind of man. Jefferson. L. ScIN EFFECTTrainsNo. FROM34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5.21 am134 Lexington, Ky., Daily . 5.18aiOi29 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday f 7.35 am7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.40 am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.22 am,37 Cincinnati, O., Duily 9.50 am.3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 am-12 Lexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 am-33 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10.24. am.26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 m25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pm.9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pm138 Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.33 pm38 Knoxville:Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pm-5 Maysville, Kv., Daily 5.35 pm39 Cincinnati, 0, Daily Except Sunday 5 50 pm30 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6,06 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 am..32 Jacksonville. Fla., Daily ' 6-l P10J AMiiii, . Q., Daily 10:50 pnvTrain's De-partNo. TO84 Cincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 am.4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sundav 5.35 am29 Lexington, Ky. , Dailv Except Sunday 7.47vami40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 7.50 am10 Maysville, Ky. , Dailv Except Sunday r. 7.50 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9-57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9-55 any33 Jacksonville, Fla. , Daily 10.20m133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10.29 am6 Maysville, K., Daily 12.05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ., 12.04 am-25 Lexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday - .3.S3 pm.3S Cincinnati. O.. Dailv 3.4Q pm9Rowland, KyM Daily Except Sunday . o.oo pnLexington, Ky. . Daily Except Sunday . 5.5S pmCincinnati, O., Daily 6.28 pmMaysville, Ky., Dailv Except Sunday ...'.... .'. 6.20 pmCynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 6.8S pmLexington, K., Daily 10.55 pmAtlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57 pfi&39328303131IN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trains JrrieNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily ExceptiSunda .- 7.44 an4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.30 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort Daily Except; Sunday 5.5G' pnTrains IDepart;No. TO37 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except f Sunday.. .1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except SundayI Frankfort, Ky Daily.Except Sundayt5Mixture UmbrellaZttfJUejeMsMiMuhlL $JAXKUVVL? RKrackets, catcher'sgloves and masks, etc.We will send ourillustrated catalogue ofpresents FREE to anyaddress. Ask for it on apostal today. This offerexpires December 31, 1913UCoupons from Duke's Mixture maybe assorted with tags from HORSESHOE, J. T.,TINSLEYS NATURAL LEAF, GRANGER TWIST,coupons from FOUR ROSES (10ctin double coupon). PICK PLUGCUT, PIEDMONT CIGARETTES,CLIX CIGARETTES, and othertags or coupons usued by us.Premium Dept.. ,. cSt. Louis, Mo.l"i'.''W'!Heat Lightning.Heat lightning is ascribed to distant:lightning flashes which are below thehorizon, but illuminate the higherstrata of clouds so that their brightness is visible at great distances; theyproduce no sound, probably in consequence of the fact of their being so far.o" that the rolling of thunder cannotreach the ear of the observer.N. TIME-TABLEMAY 4,I9i:A-rrrv"v . . I . v5l54rPB"m.vMt?lfuSrtu'Jv'Hl.Tii&Jsl-.i'Xatk.S-''1?t Sfe..-. .f"jv 'fcrv--35T$tjH"'??' Ii,H ".rr f'-M:.1:- . , ,- -rCiJi'--: '.iwEt -i?'-$. wgr wis v 4.kiKi-T.-f h-Bsj.5-.A -2THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., AUGUST 1 9 1913ti-T V"-HBiMaMaaHHaMTMMaBMaaMMMMMuaaMHMiSSB3HI8BH)fcVi -,VTit-!- $'yii'HAY'S HAIR HEALTH I K " r r ""717tup rAunniTP,omans Echssge & CafeHtrAYUNIt)."Refined Women Givethe PreferenceThisThe easiest way to keep your hairyouthful-looking, to prevent it fromturning grey, is to use Hay's HairHealth. It gives absolute satisfactionand a few applications will restore natural color, give vitality to grey andfaded hair and remove all traces ofiDandruff. Beautiful natural colored,youthful-looking hair, more than anything else, contributes to a woman'sgood looks.Hay's Hair Health is keeping thousands of women's hair glossy, naturalcolored and beautiful. You'll neverTegretbuying it when yori see the difference it makes in your appearance.Free: Sign this adv. and take it to thefollowing druggists and get a 50c. bottle of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.cake of Harfina Soap, Tor 50c; or 1.00bottle of Hay's Hair Health and two25c. cakes of Harfina Soap Free, for 1,L.. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky...the Lamp Oil thatJSaves EyesNothing is-more important in thehome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by petting the oil that burnsclear and clean without a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Costs no more than the Inferiortank-wagon oils saves MONEY saves"WORK saves eyes.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Chas. C. Stoil Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren? Pa,We sell the celebrated "NoCarb"Auto Oil.Lis Margaret K. Caden,210 Main Street, Lexington, Ky.Special Display of! . . . Summer Hats . .Moderate Prices! MOUNTAIN EXCURSION Xt Tuesday, August 26, 1913- -t v Via "California Special"t TO-"The and of the Sky" and "Sapphire Country"-&Round Trip Pares From Georgetown, Ky.. ASHEVILLE, N. C $ 9.00WAYNES VILLE. N. C 10.00T HENDERSONVILLE, N. C 10.00 ILAKE TOXAW AY, N. C 11.00VARIABLE ROUTE FARESVia Chattonooa Historic Lookout Mountain enroate to and fromfinal destination: JIt ASHEVILLE, N. C $10.50. WAYNESNILLE. N. C ' 11.50 ' v tJ HENDERSONNILLE 11.50 ?Z LAKE TOXA WAY, N. C 12.50Return limit, Sept. 10, 1913. Liberal Stop-over privileges; . Tickets good on ' Carolina Special" leav- JH2J55SISSSSS555EE1 n Georgetown, Ky., S:30 p. m., also on- I PpHHHpHpHppH all regular trains August 26, 1913.lllllltll iBiVlvllI Eor full information, printed matter and- lMP''W'VI s'eeP'nS car reservations, apply to nearest7TjBHI Ticket Agent, or write:IHlMiHiflHI H- c- KING, Pass, and Ticket Agt. 101MBHMBBHMBMHMHaBJI H. Main Street, Lexington, Ky.r m . W. A. BECKLER, Gen'l Pass. Agent,J (C.N O &T.P Ry.)aud cincinnati Q tT Southern Railway Jt Pans OdorlessMen's and Ladies' Suits Cleaned,.Pressed and Repaired..Ladies' Serge White Suits and Fancy Silks' our specialty.AM Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryfcT'f. nnl T rvUi-ci, PonoTYio on! QfrotTr TTofa flloonorf andIReblocked to your satisfaction. Kc Cell l! Jit Ltici crk.Call up E. 1L Phone-40. ' . . .Paris Odorless Cleaning Co,, Sam Levy, Proprietor.Wnite Lia (iioves uieanea, snort, iuc; long zdc. . aI ml112 X. Upper Street,Lexington,' KentuckyHome-made Cakes, Breads, Pies, Candies, Croquetts, Salads. Pickles, CliowChow, Ftc, received fresh daily.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Supper; also lunches and short orders at allhours with the best the .market affords.(28mar6mo)per FA1LQAE!cent. $1,000 to $100,000W. KING & SON,125 Cheaoside. Lexington, Ky.No matter whether the thermometerregisters 105 above or 25 below zero,Amalgamated Are Roofingcan't be affected a particle.No matter the curves or valleys ofyour roof you need no tin to coverthem, for Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGis very pliable. It is the Perfect Roofing,and the insurance rate is no higher than.when slate or metal is used.We authorize our agents to refund the moneyif our Roofing is not perfectly satisfactory.AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO.Chicago, IllinoisSold by MHSersburg Coal andjLumber Co.,Millers burg, Ky.Cleaning Co.xWSSSSStu amalgamated arc-zJCB9SS28Si ROOFING Z -ZZZZZI0AFT GERMANYClaim Made That There Is butLittle of It There.City Officials Are Exemplary Reasonfor Commotion Caused by theKrupp Revelations Views ofWell-Known Journalist.Berlin, Germany. The wave of displeasure among Germans which followed the Krupp revelations in thereichstag was due more to the innateabhorrence of corruption than to theimportance of the revelations themselves. Long and stinging editorialshave been written pointing to the incriminating fact that Krupp's Berlinagent was paid a salary of $2,500 ayear, with an expense account of$1,250, and it has been considered sufficient cause for very acrid denunciations to know that some subalternshave received Christmas presents of$25. To an American, these sums arebeneath notice and smack of a scandal beneath the county commissionersof some forgotten countryside."A Qerman official would rathercommit murder or blow safes than tohold out his hand in an official capacity," said a well-known Germanjournalist who writes "agin the government" in explaining what seemeda phenomenal disturbance over a verysmall matter. "There may be morebehind the Krupp affair than the public knows. Personally, I have littledoubt that if the whole truth wereknown some would be implicated whohold titles of considerable more importance than subalterns. " But thatthere has been, as you call it, 'petty'graft is enough for the Germans. Theinside story of the Krupp affair willnever be known, but the general public does not even need to suspect it tofeel outraged.""But you have vice in Berlin, and itis more open than in Paris, if that ispossible," was suggested to him."You think that is prima facie evidence of corruption?" he asked. "Absolutely impossible! Ausgeschlossen!In Germany it is an honor to be ani official. City administrators are chosen for their ability, and the man whowas convicted of dishonesty wouldbe a pariah. The mayor of Berlinbelieves in restricted vice. He saysthe tourists want it, and so he satisfies the want. And he believes thatit is easier to control if it runs openly. Consequently one of the mostimmoral of European amusement palaces is openly conducted on a principal downtown street, and advertisesin all theatrical journals and on thepillars. But that there is money init for the officials! You don't understand us."Of course, now and then a member of the morals police will holdcut his hand. That is to be expected.They have thousands of women un-I (IPr fOntrnl nnrl lanro frwnn ic naod.ed to watch them. But graft as youunderstand the word!" And helaughed uproariously. Then he wenton to explain."When a large German city loses itsmayor it is as though some greatmanufacturing enterprise had lost itschief engineer. There is immediateresponse. Municipal experts all overthe nation who have had experienceapply for the vacancy. It doesn'tmatter if the applicant is resident ofthe city or not. He may have made asurprisingly good record as mayor ofsome smaller city, or he may havebeen assistant to the last mayor. Andwhen he is elected it is on his record and not for his party alliances.Party hasn't anything to do with it.That hits off the ideal of officialdomin Germany."The great crying need in Germanynow is self-government, and the greatest obstacle in the way of it is goodgovernment If it were not for theidealism among officials the people'sparties would sweep the polls. But,as it is, it is hard to get out 30 percent, of the vote except for the reichstag--The Germans let well enoughalone. They will never overthrowthe antiquated German system of government until they suffer from it immeasurably. If Germany should getinto a war and be beaten it mightresult in a republic. If militarismgoes too far and demands too muchmoney from the people it might cometo a great papular uprising. And ifa great system of graft were exposedthe people would demand a change.But just now democracy's greatest foefs efficient bureaucracy. We havegood streets, efficient police, plenty ofparks, sanitation, hospitals. But wehaven't the strength of nationalaction, and that is what we must havebefore we are the greatest people inthe world."FANGS IN WOMAN'S ' WRFSTVainly She Fights to Evade VenomousCopperhead HusbandKills Snake.Pdttsville, Pa. Mrs. Elwood' Weaver, wife of a well-known local dairyman, had' a terrific battle with a' copperhead oh the Weaver farm, nearHillside. Twice the snake attackedthe woman, and finally succeeded inbiting her on the hand, which quicklybecame black.Mr. Weaver than came to the rescue, and the snnke, which boldy stoodits ground and would not take cover,was killed. By compressing Mrs. Weaver's wrist, the poison was preventedfrom circulating through her bodyuntil the wound wg cauterized, -andher recovery is cwtfMantly amticip&t-nTruck Replaced Thte TeamsIn eleven months this three-ton KisselKar Truck covered in actual service4,760 miles at a fuel cost of $1.08 per day. Manned by a driver and one helper,it replaced three teams of horses. The average daily burden wJ?"37 17.20thstons.' It carried an average load of four tons one ton overload but in the entire period named, was laid up only two and one-half hours for repairs."We can, recommend the KisselKar Truck and assure that it lives up to itsguarantee," writes Thomas E. Fleischer, manager of the Sheboygan Lime Works.Two and one-half hours for repairs, carrying over 37 tons per day is a record worthyof notice. KisselKar Trucks cost little to maintain and are economical to operate becausethe problem is solved inJCisselKar construction.Note these striking tasselKar features Simple engine easy to operate reserve powerexcess capacity differential lock preventing one drive wheel absorbing all the power onslippery places, and stalling the truck four speed transmitters geared up fourth speedpermitting high speed when desired without racing engine ; 15 to 20 per cent, lower fuel4-31 consumption than average trucks light spring suspension for power plant, heavy springsuspension for load gauge that weighs load greatest accessibility easy control larger .brake drums, and extra powerful brakes special bodies designed to meet every need.jrCiSselJfar Urucko1 500 lbs.-1 -2-3-4 and 5 Tons '-In the "range of capacity, 1500 lbs. to 5 tons, you can find just the type that fills yourrequirements and with the KisselKar Truck goes theKisselKar Service, which is themauufacturer's guarantee of satisfaction.KisselKar Service means taking off your hands all of the mechanical details.A special service building is maintained in this city for the benefit of KisselKar owners.The KisselKar service is a broad and comprehensive arrangement between manufacturer andowners that cares for the car, maintains efficiency, retards depreciation and minimizes upkeep. This service is a valuable consideration in the purchase of a power wagon. Investigate it.Ask us to analyze your present horse haulage ss compared to motor haulage. The result will be interesting.Send for free book showing KisselKar Trucks in actual use in your line and many otherlines of business.TheJFolIowing Lanes of business Have Recentlybought Kissel-Kar TrucksIIron and Steel, Lumber, Textile, Milling, Giocery, Dry Goods, Dairy, Furniture, Fruit, Commission, Transfer, Bus, Hotel, Caterer. Brewery, Building Supplies, Contracting, Plumbing, Canning, Oil, Telephone,laundry, Bakery, Confectionery, Ice, Coal, Farming, Hardware, Ice Cream, Creamery, Produce, Crockery, Undertaking and to municipalities in-Fire, Health and Police departments. We make them to suifcther -needsof an"v busines?.I O.1 Phone 21 05.MWMMBMWaWMB33MBMMaMBWi5WWHBMWMBBMMaMBBBMJMMMMMMMgiMMBBigot.A bigot is a man who is quite sureof something that he doesn't knowanything about. Lippincott's.Unsightly Grey and Faded HairWhy not have beautiful, dark, glossy,natural colored hair, full of life andbeauty keep yourself young lookingand fascinating:? Its so easv nnrtsimple to do if you will get a bottle ofnays mir Health today. You'll noticea change after one or two applicationshow quickly the grey hairs vanishaow glossy, full of life and vitalityHay's Hair Health will keep your hair.'Don't waste time, get a bottle today.Your druggist is selling more Hay'aHair Health than all nfrTiers horonaahe knows it's the most satisfactory,'he nicest and cleanest to use andreally does restore color to ctgv hair.Free: Sign this adv. and take it to theionowing druggists and get a 50c. hottie of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.cake of Harfina Soap for 50c; or $1.00toottle of Hay's Hair Health and two25c. eakes of Harfina Soap Free, for $ 1,L. OBERDORFER, Druggist,Paris, Ky.When you feelilTi Evous, tired, worried or despondent it is asure sign yo a need MOTT'S NERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMott's Nerverine Pills gJJrJgWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky...Professional CardsDr. Win. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones jf .Residence j f.DR. A. H KEfLIiER, 'Practicing PjarsiciAN,Offices, Rooms- 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gPiB ? KentnckjJ J. WIEIiTAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-EAW.iloom 1 Elks Buiiaiha:.. , I ml OHTIIAiA TQunT-runtmu,. " 1 1 Id 1 LUUH W J Idm uvk I 'Fit YOUTH SEPTEMBER l5 10 2flR. HUKLE51 3 West Main Street,The Kentucky Stateand livestock exhibitorsHMMBHMHMaHHiMMMMHHHHHIHHlHHHBHHHHHiMHHBaihfisr nrnrhifits of their farms and best specimens oflivestock and to the womentheir handiwork and cookery at the 19 Id Jtair, torwhich liberal premiums are offered.$30,000 in Premiums6-BIG DAYS-6 Reincea Railroad RatesFor Information, Entry Blanks, Catalog, Etc. addressJ. L. DENT, Secretary,705 PAUL JONES BUILDING LOUISVILLEMr. Kentucky FarmerIf we told you of a crop which brought a cash incomethe year around, made the soil richer every year and required noskilled labor to handle it, - -Wouldn't That BeYou have this opportunity. The Tri-State Butter Company,Cincinnati, Ohio, will 'buy your cream the year around, pay spptcash for every shipment and give you a market that is responsible,safe and permanent, and proven so to more than 5,000 shippers.No skilled labor is required to ship cream. Separate the milk,ship when convenient to you twice a week in the summer seasonand not quite so often in, the winter time.Every cow will pay cash for what she eats, yielding a revenueof from $50'. 00 to $90.00 per year, besides adding $25100 wortU? offertility to your soil. - ' j'Ship your cream to-day, orwrite for free trial cans.The Tri-StateGncionati, Ohio.:c if,,OrfJLexington,te FairFair will offer to the farmersan opportunity to exhibit thean opportunity to displayThe Crop For You?Butter CompanyiJfcr . vu93iyr-sf5TC-0F v' -! tC'5 "'.A (v-1HL BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST , IS 13,fe.-" J.ifIi-hvtHIfe":-W&K 0F MILLERSBUKaMr. and Mrs. M. P. Wells' leftMonday, for a two-weeks' stay at Torrent Mr. A. H. Smedley returned Friday after a months' outing in Michigan, sMrs. O, "W. Ingels has returnedsifter a, two-weeks' sojourn at Swango.Springs.Mrs. David Hood, of Elizaville, isithe guest of her sisters, the MissesMclntyre. ,-i-Mr. and Mrs. S. C. Carpenter leftIFriday for a two-weeks' sojourn atSwango Springs.Mr. William Baldwin returnedSaturday after a visit tovhis mother,-:Mrs. Martha Baldwin, of vMaysville.Miss Leona Letton returned Fri, -day after a three-weeks' visit to hercousin, Mrs. Forest Letton, at Paris.Mrs. L. E. Collins, of Paris, arrived Friday as the guest of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Joe Williams.Misses Rosian and Ruby Elders."have returned to their home at Paris,jafter a few days visit to xMiss Edna. Mitchell.Miss Lillian Letton was the guest' -at M. F. C. Friday. She was nroutefrom Lake Chautauqua, New York, to"her home at Moorefield.Miss Emma Blackerby, of Taylors--ville,andMiss Gladys Cauley, of Atlanta. Ga., are guests of Miss JennieIVIarie Pepper.Regular meetingvof Amity LodgeTo. 40, F. and A. M.:, to-night. Therewill he third degree. All members are'urged to be present.Col. W. M. Layson, Mrs. J. P.Hedmon and little daughter, Charlotte,"Mr.and Mrs. J. M. Caldwell and littlesonf Kennith, left Friday for a two--weeks,stay at Crab Orchard Springs.Miss -Gertrude Phillips and Mr." Carl Hanson both of Millersburg, wereunited in marriage Friday afternoonat Paris. Miss Phillips is the daughter of Mr. Samuel Phillips, proprietor of the ten cent store. Mr. Hensonis the son of Jno. Hanson.At present the young couple are residing"with his parents.Col. C. M. Best, who returnedhome Friday after a trip throughKentucky, came near meeting with at serious accident on a bridge on theGeorgetown pike, near Paris. Thebridge stands in a curve of the roadwhere it is almost impossible to passone approaching from the opposite direction. As Col. Best approached thecurveh e blew the horn of his machine several times. The bridge isvery narrow and as he approached acarriage with one gentleman and several ladies was approaching rapidlyfrom the opposite end. -Col. Best atonce took in the situation and drovehis machine as far to the -side of theroad as possible. In doing so he raninto one of the posts of the bridge,r hadly bending the ront axle of thefmachine. No other damage, however,was done. This was necessary, otherwise the vehicle would have collided and .serious damage would havebeen the result.AN INVITATION.The visitors who are attending theFair are invited to come in and see;hly beautiful stock of Fall ready-to-wearhats. Now on display.Cx) MRS. CORNE WATSON BAIRD.I INTo-w- Going Oxi IWe Are CompelledOur Store in crowded with Summer Footwear and rather than the risk ofcarrying these goods over to next season, we have decided to resort to thisgreat sacrifice sale. We are going to make this sale a record breaker.Of course it takes bargains, great, big rousing bargains to bring a crowd,and this is just what we have to offer. Read the prices that follow:Misses' and Children's $2.50 values in button ox-L fords and two-straps, patent and -igun metal. Mark-down Price 0 1 mJJMisses' $1 .50 patent, tan, white and gun kfikmetal pumps. Mark-down Price 77?Children's $2.00 pumps".Mark-down PriceMen's $4 Oxfords, tan", patent and gun metal,Walk-Over included. fl k f f"Mark-down Price 9 mm u 57 3Men's $3.50 Oxfords, inand tan. Nfc9 AOkMark-down Price .9 mm m WMen's $3 Oxfords in tan, patent and gun metal.Latest styles. CC1 GQMark-down Price 'P laWTMen's $2.50 Oxfords in button and fl"fl Jj Qlace. Mark-down Price 57One lot of Men's Oxfords, broken sizes, CkCl$2 and $3 values. Mark-dowi"Price VVVi .;.'.--.ID .A. EET :, COONE HUNBRER AND FIFTYAT LAIR FAMILY REUNION.The biennial reunion of the descedants of Mathias and Catherine Lair,who settled in Kentucky in 1775 washeld at the old Charles. Lair homesteadat Lair Station, Harrison county,Thursday. The guests for tor the rewere taken to the Cedars in automobiles and carriages. W. T. Lafferty,of State University, delivered the invocation. Prof. William Bartley, Superintendent of Schools in Harrisoncounty, made the welcome address,which was responded to by C. C. Hull,of Conersville, Ind.Mrs. W. T. Lafferty, historian ofthe association, read a paper, "TheLairs of Shenandah Valley."Dinner whicfiT'is always served onthe lawn, was served in the hall onaccount of the heavy rain in themorning. About 150 were present, including a number from the Pacificcoast.After dinner the following officersfor 1914-15 were elected: RedmonLair, Cynthiana, president; Mrs. Richjard Johnson, Richmond, vice-president; Miss Anna Anderson, Cynthiana, corresponding secretary; MissElizabeth Lair, Cynthiana, recordingsecretary; Mrs. W. T. Lafferty, Lexington, historian and I. N. Lair, Wilmington, o., treasurer.Those from this city who attendedthe reunion were: Ruby Cantrill,Gertrude Shropshire, H. Miller Lair,John N. Lail, Mary D. Lail, Margaret Miller Lail,-Louis Lair Hedges,Frank Lair, Bertha Lair, Mary D. Talbott, Clay Thomas Ewalt and E. C.Lair. vBEEF CATTLE MEN HOLDMEETING IN LEXINGTON.In response to the invitation of Jos.H. Castle of the Kentucky Agricultural Experiment Station, the officersand Executive Committee of the Kentucky Beef Cattle Association met inLexington Friday for the purpose ofconferring with Director Kastle relative to experiments on the subject oftaken on the experiment station farm.Tj'he following persons attended themeeting: Director Kastle, C. H. Berryman, Jonas Weil and W. S. Beasley,of Lexington; W. B. Dale, Louisville;State Agricultural Commissioner J.W. Newman. Frankfort: ThomasM. C. Covington, Richmond; J. C. McI Donald and T. J. Bigstaff, Mt. Sterling;W. M. Rogers, Paris; M. C. Covingtonand Prof. E. S. Goode, of the Experiment Station. Director Kastle, inopening the conference, reviewed theresults of experiments in cattle feeding made at the Experiment Stationabout ten years ago. He referred tothe fact that the price of beef cattlehas more than doubled in ten years,theough the price of feed stuff hasincreased only about 30 per cent.Talks were made by Jonas Weil andCommissioner Newman. Much interest was shown in the proposed experiments which all those presentvaulable information for cattle feeders.; . CALL FOR VAN HOOK -r?Vanhook is an old-fashioned fire copper distilled Bourbon whiskey. Thebest whiskey made in a State fatnousfor good whiskies. Call for Vanhookbottled in bond or in bulk. For sale atall first-class bars. (adv)$1.39patent, gun metal 'MATRIMONIAL NOTESHOPKINS-CROUCH.Miss Lucile Hopk4ns, daughter ofMr. R. P. Hopkins, of near LittleRock, this county, and Mr. RussellCrouch, of Cincinnati, were marriedin Carlisle, Thursday, at the home ofthe officiating minister, Elder W. R.Eldrad.The young people were accompanied to Carlisle by the bride's sister,Mrs. Williaih Chandler, her brother,Mr. Emmitt Hopkins., her cousin, MissFrankie Hopkins, all of Bourbon, andMiss Mary Belle Wyatt, of Paris.Mr. Crouch is a son of Mr. WilliamCrouch, of Bourbon, and formerly resided in the Little Rock neighborhood.He is now connected with the Prudential Life Insurance Company, inCincinnati, and is popular and substantial young business man.The bride, who is a graduate of theclass of-'09, Bourbon College, is anattractive and charming young womanof many graces of character.DON'T FORGET THE PLACE.Don't forget that we have removedour store ta th'e old Fee Grocery stand.Great bargains in every departmentthis week to make room for Fall goods.NATIONAL 5 & 10 CENT STORE.FIGHTING GRASS FIRESIN SHELBY COUNTY.For a week past the section handson the L. & N. have been compelled tofight fires along the right-of-way of theroad through Shelby county. Thereare few passing engines that do notthrow out a spark that sets lire tothe dry grass and weeds along theroute. Little damage has been donethereby to fences or other property,but rather a service done in the killing of weeds for some time to come.In some parts of the route the burnedplaces have stretched along from ahalt to a mile in length.SIMON'S AT COST SALE.All Summer good at cost.HARRY SIMON."GIPSY" BARNS ISSUESCHALLENGE TO COLLINS."Gipsy" Barns, who participated inone of the preliminaries at the Collins-Kellerboxing "match, held at theGrand Opera House in this city, hasissued a challenge to "Sailor" Collins,for a ten-round bout. The challengeis as follows:Paris, Ky., Aug. 16, 1913.Editor Bourbon News:Dear Sir: I hereby issue a challenge to Sailor Collins for a ten-roundboxing match to be held at the Grandj Opera House in this city at any dateagreeable to him, but preferably onSeptember 4. The conditions of thebout can be agreed upon betweenCollins and myself upon his acceptance of the challenge.GIPSY BARNS.FOR SALE.;Choice Fultz Seed Wheat, Seed Barley, Northern grown Seed Rye. AlsoTimothy Seed. Either phone 84.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT,(x) Paris, Ky.To UnloadInfant's and Children's pumps and oxfords 'in patent and tan, $1 values, sjzes 2 to 7 AMark-down Price! Ci 57 CLadies' $3 values, all latest style pumps and oxfordsin velvets, satin, tan and gun metaland white, the very best values id Glmade. Mark-down Price u 57 57Misses barefoot sandals,Ladies' $3.50 values, all popular leathers and fab-'rics, in pumps and oxfords, button ' 4 Hand lace. Mark-down Price Pmmmff ILadies $2 and $2.50 grades two-strap pumps andoxfords in velvet and gun metal.Mark-down Price 57 57 CLadies' $2 pumps and oxfords in patent, crun metaland white pumps.Mark-down PriceLadies' white canvas buttonMark-down Price.-One lot small sizes ladies'Mark-down PriceHBNNICHOLAS CONTEST FOR,SHERIFF IS IN COURTS.The case of H. N. Rankin vs. W. T.Parker was called in the NicholasCircuit Court Friday by Judge L. Pr.Fryer Thee ase is a contest for theDemocratic nomination for Sheriff ofNicholas county. W. T Parker, thesuccessful candidate, received thenomnation from the election commissioners, his majority beingt woo votesover Rankin, who filed grounds of contest in the Nicholas Circuit Court,alleging that certain questioned ballotshad not been counted for him, and ifcounted would give him a majority ofthe votes cast a tthe primary election.The notice of contest further recitesthat Parker received fifteen illegalvotes. The court is asked to deductthe illegal votes named in the noticefrom the total number received byParker.Mr. Parker filed answer to Rankin'spetition, alleging that Rankin had received sixty-seven illegal votes andasked that they be deducted from thevotes received by the contestant.Hon. William Preston Kimball, ofLexington, Pohn P. McCarney, ofFlemingsburg, William Conley andHolmes & Ross, of Carlisle, represent Rankin. Parker is representedby Judge' Denis Dundon, of Paris,Morgan & Darraglu of Carlisle, CJ. M.Swinford, of Carlisle, and C. Swinford,of Cynthiana.The case will be advanced as rapidly as possible and an effort will bemade to try it out within the nextmonth.J. WILL CLAY ISGIVEN CERTIFICATE.After being in session nearly all daythe Clark County Board ofElectionCommissioners, with Sheriff W. O.Brook and W. M. Robb present Saturday afternoon, completed the officialcount of the votes in Clark county andissued a certificate of nomination toJ. Will Clay, Democratic candidatefor the State Senate from the Twentyeighth Senatorial District, and to theother county candidates nominated inthe August primary.The question of Bourbon having thelargest Democratic vote of the counties composing the district was discussed by the Election Commissionersof this county, and not having a complete census it was decided to certifythe returns to Clark. The CountyClerk of Montgomery had certfied thereturns of hisc ounty to County ClerkPearce Paton, who forwarded them tothe Clerk of Clark County.FINE SHOW HORSES ATTHE BOURBON FAIR.At the Bourbon Fair which beginsTuesday, August 19, to' continuethroughout the week, there will besome of the finest show horses everexhibited at a fair in Kentucky. Theopening day will be featured by thepony show, whch will bring out alarge number of the little animals tocompete for the atractive premiums.CALL FOR VANHOOK.Vanhook is an otd-fashioned fire copper distilled Bourbon whiskey. Thebest whiskey made in a State famousfor good whiskies. Call for Vanhookbottled in bond or in the bulk. Forsale at all first-class bars. (adv)at iall sizes. Now. . .. 49c" . -vshoes.SI. 49-99c i50c IoxfordsL- miIMIIn. your hand you hold afive-cent piece.RigM at the grocer's handis a moisture-proof package of Uaeeda Biscuit. Hehands you the packageyou hand him the coin.A trifling transaction?No! A remarkable one for yofrhave spent the smallest stun thatwill buy a package of good food;and the grocer has sold you themost nutritious food made fromv flour as clean and crisp anddelicious as it was when it camefrom the oven.'NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANYHolland is the greatest purchaser ofAmerican cotton seed oil, with GreatBritan ranking next.One citizen of Louisiana is so im- A total working income of approxpressed with the need for medical in- imately imately $35,000,0Q0was respection in the schools thath e has 'ceived by eighty-seven State universifurnished the necessary funds for the ties and other State aided institusalary of the health officer in his com- tions of higher education during lastmunity. year.asagsI!gBWgB5EggagS wzm-iaw.mmIf it isn't an Eastman, it isn't a Kodak.wMwmimmwmmJf rMT.iWll lit M lmrFM . V . IMIIIIIIIIlll'h jw rr. 1 1 t immjTvmtm i 1 1 1 1 i i in i n .z111 ' K7jxT ' :sfT"fmKODAKPicture iaRing-opens a new world of entertainmentto the"children, and they never tire of the fun.The Kodak puts this pleasure in tne hands of theyoung or old at small cost. Is simple enough for achild to use with good results so efficient the expertcannot exhaust it possibilities.Kodaks and Kodak Supplies of all kinds alwayson hand, and always new.Kodaks, $5.00 up.Brownies, $ 1 .00 to $ 1 2.00.i HEADQUARTERS fOR KODAK SUPPLIES.DAUGHERTY BRO5SiStS2DO YOUR BANIK1NG WITH US-rWE. WILLHELP YOU TO KEEP YOUFACCOUNTSSTRAIGHT - -x We can help you in your money matters, becausehandling money is our BUSINESS. Our bookkeepers willkeep"4 your accounts straight. If you have a bank accountyou have a receipt for every bill youjiay. "We can ADVISEyou, -and will insure you courteous"and earnest attention.Make.OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent., interest on Savings. ,DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS:; Capita!, $100,000.00, Jurats, $40,000.00.Prof. W. C. Bagley, of Chicago, urged restoration of whipping Jn public "schools.D- i U i . 1 .1 1 r fYl. H. Ml! i I , 93y4l'i" ,' Uili i, Ik.1'iti I-ri' -- h stWA&tka l-itefc1iiSaLET US HELP YOU3 4?4frvMs tmib ,..Visfc.rI 'iaI TI -rpM. It-tmmmmzk M.HALL, Prcwdcnt,C. K.,THOMAi. CASHCKwBHBBWBWHMBMMBMMHBMWMMMMMiiMMMMMMMii n r ' iVi"inT"-