-XJff"v- -jr - ; .-?-! t . .BOURBONEWS.sV'3" -JJ &v. "V"7"V'fcVPUBLISHED EVFBT TUESDAY AND" PBIDAY IN1' THE YEARXVOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 11 ," 1913.ELECTION 'COMMISSIONERS 'MAKE CANVASS OF RETURNS-af9i1j3Klj3mWiih Defedi&bleHantes- -s.NOW ON DISPLAYv. IN OUR WINDOW.Let Us Demonstrate TheirSuperiority.rIP!20 ID. The Eastern suoar$1.00With a $3.00 PurchaseBaby Bunton Corn, 3 Cans 25cTomatoes, per can '. ..." 1 OcSugaivLoop Peas, per can 1 5c and 20cStandard Peas, per can. ......"......" 1 Oc,Pork and Beans, 2 cans for .-.15cRolled Oats, new stock, 2 packages. . . 25cNew Dried Peaches. . .'. . T. .' 1 O and 1 2 l-2cFancy Apricots, 2Jb. for ? 35cFancy line Dried Apples, per lb 5C(LANCASTER FLOUR." 25-lb Sack. .... ....-., $.80: 48-lb Sack' !. .'....' .. 1.5098-lb"Sack .-. . .'.:.. 3.10Save' the difference by paying cash. SpecialPrices on quantity lots.The Bourbon County Board of Elecjtion Commissioners.composed Qf Sheruosbiuoiii, 'v A 'ndsfinioqi -g -y stand B. B. Marsh, met at the courthouse Friday afternoon, and made acanvass of the returns of the regularelection held on Nov. 4, and issuedcertificates of election. The x totalvote of each candidate as taken fromthe official count, is as follows:State Senator J. Will Clay, 2,339.Representative R. B. Hutchcraft,Jr., 2,31fi.Commonwealth's Attorney VictorA. Bradley, 2,303.County Judge C. A. McMillan, D.,2,383; D. M. Hurstt R., 1,684.County Clerk Pearce Paton, 2,338.Sheriff W. F. Talbott, 2,334.Jailer Joe Farris, sf341.Coroner Rudolph Davs, 2,320.Surveyor Ben F, Bedford, 2,316.Assessor R. M. Gilkey, 2,329.v County School SuperintendentMiss Mabel Robbins, 2,314.Justice 6l the Peace Ernest ""Martin, Paris, 831.Constable S. M. Turpin, 820.Constitutional Amendment No. 1,Eor, 805; Against, 153.No. 2, For, 731; Against, 185.Millersburg Justice pf tfie PeaceE. P. Thomason, 245; CpnstablePreston Hictfs, 243; Mayor W. D.Wadell, 15; Police Judge T. P. Wadell, 15; Councilmen W. A. Butler,15; Rufus Butler, 15; W.M .Miller,16; Ed. Ingels, 15; P. D. Jones, 16;J. J. Peed, 15.North Middletown Justice of thePeace Ti J. Redmon, 257; Constable,G. W. Sparks, 253.Clintonville Justice of the PeaceA. L. Stephenson, N 216; Constable 1William ueasiey, zis.Hutchison Justice of the 'PeaceO. B. Lloyd, 111; Constable ElmerMcGinnis, R., 87. .Centervillq Justice of the PeaceJohn N. Shropshire, 165; ConstableJohn M. Leach, 167.Ruddles Mills Justice of the PeaceR..O. Turner, 284; Constable Doc.Snapp, 281. i"WE KNOW H0Wn'j,V-anASK FOR THE WILSON.It is not 'necessary to go to othertownsto buy Wilson heaters. We areagents for the Wilson line and weguarantee .prices as cheap as anyone. "(24-4t) LOWRY & TALBOTT.WILL BUILD CONCRETEDAM AT SPEARS' MILL.T. C. LEINIHAN,CasK Grocery:Both Phones 2341JThat the people of Paris will neverSgain be subjected to such inconvenience as has been experienced duringthe repent drought, is to be practically insured by the erection of anenormous datin across Stoner? creekat Spears' Mill, about seven milesabove Paris.Plans began to. take definite shapeFriday when Superintendent NewtonMitchell, of the Paris Water Company, let the contract for building thedam to Woods & Cain, of this city.fThe contract provides for a concretedam reinforced by steel, and which isthe base to belOO feet long, eight feethigh an dseven ' feet at the " base..This big wall will be furnished with aflood gate of the most approved kindso that the structure will be able towithstand the pressure of the waterduring the flood times, and yet can beso managed that in dry seasons thewater may be let through in suchquantities as will be necessary to supply all demands of the city.A large force of teams and men wilbe put to work immediately and thejob will be pushed with all possiblespeed. The contractors will movetheir big rock crusher to Spears' Milland the rock grinding will be commenced at once. TlTe dam, whencompleted, will cost in the neighborhood of $3,000, and wil beof incalculable benefit to the citizens of Paris.JbvulTS Mv'i3fHoleproof HosieryGuaranteed For Six Months .5fgfr?? Arpa nlfa&ur fn ladies and mothers.darning. Ml sizes.No5cfcHEINTZ'S SAUER KRAUTWe have just received a fresh barrel of Heintz's Sauer Kraut. Phoneus your order.COTTINGHAM-JAMESON GROCERY"COMPANY.(31-3t) South Main St.matH)fiiOur StocK oi Whiter Wear is iComplete.Union Suits aad Separate Garments 'atallmkmprices.PRI6& & go. eiotniersand Furnishersm&WkMH2f''. ttkmi&Mmmmmsm&msmaviBaitfaiuaiiui.Hi'Mwi.BUiiwVemwwmSmWwmt.COUNTY Y. M. C. A. TO HOLDCOFERENCE ON NOVEMBER 14.:iMR. HUNTERGETTREADtV TO CiO APTERTHE BIRDS!.Nov. 15th is theltime ,and while you are looking forward to this datev remember that thisstore is headquarters for all kinds of huntingclothes Dux Bak Waler Proof Coats and "Pants, the kind that brars can't tear up andI that water won't go through Shell Vest andDux Bak Hunting Caps and Hats and theWitch Elk Hunting Shoes in different lengthsand. kinds, 6 to 15 inches. No water seeping- through the soles while you are wacling. through the branches.Hunt For the The Store ThatSells the Right Kind of ClothesFor tKe Sportsman.Dux Bak Coats,Waterproof . Dux Bak ShellVests,Waterproof .Dux Bak Pants, Waterproof. Dux Bak Caps, Waterproof. ,, ' Andlhe Witch Elk Waterproof Hunting Shoes.Mitchell & Blakemore,The Store for Men's Styles Paris, KentuckyrIIminiiiiimiimjtwiminiiniijiiiiuiiniuiLniimizs-imii;25!!3;iiJHiiJ!iinnmjM!iiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiijni'H15v 2JSiFRANK & CO' The Store Where Reliability Reigns. .i,35SPECIALSHigh-Grade atin Lined Suits, Ladiesl- '" ' and Misses '. $15.00 Each" -...;ry Alterations Free' 5 'liChinchilla and Zibilenfe Goatev,r Extra Good Values - "y,'VThere will be a. conference of thepastors? Sunday school superintendents and teachers of boys' classes ofBourbon county held in Paris on November 14.An expert on boys'' work, Mr. Arthur N. Cotton, of New York, will attend the conference, which will beheld in the interest of the work forboys in our Sunday schools.The Bourbon county Y. M. C. A.,under whose allspices flie conferencewill be held, is trying to aid the Sunday schools in the work for boys andyoung men. It is hoped that all thepastors, superintendents and teachersof the county will be present. tThe conference sessions will beheld in the Paris Christian church, beginning promptly at 11 o'clock Fridaymprning. The ladies will serve alunch at the close of the first session,o that the workers may continue thework of the conference, and conclude jby 2:3U or 3 ociock..That night Mr. Cotton will addressa meeting ot "boys in the High Schoolbuilding.A special conference for the ,bpysthemselves will be held at 9 o'clockall the boys' classes in the Sundayschools of the county are invited, to be ipresent at both the .Friday night ses-"'sion and the , meeting on Saturday .morning. The people of Paris will 'j. entertain xthe delegates who spend4&rx$10.00 Each.; Crepe Kimonas, Full' Lehgtfv, All Colors -' ':,'. : $1,00 Each; Gingham House DressesAll Sizes and All Colors- $1.00 EachCome in and See these Specialswff zz&. Come m and bee these bpecials ' s ip1 1 frank & c., ifhiWHwinimiHtwwHmiiminiwimumnmiiWI1HII9mtwfflmmmmmamMMmmQmIdlu-1 rth night here. . , 'ttV-? v T i f . '?.J" . i- .'W.w'4- rsimm vlv !ftr J rTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS. K. M-lOTtm -WfSlif-j WjIWVr,.;5Sf?.f-Yvmrm,WiMJFIfcNNOUNCEMENT !Cbe Paris Rome telephone and CeKgrapft ..A Kentucky corporation, has purchased the property and plant ofthe Bourbon County Home Telephone Company, and will continuethe business as an Independent Telephone Company, connecting'with Independent Toll Lines and over 100,000 Home TelephoneSubscribers in Kentucky.The business of the Company will be under the direct supervision of J. J. Veatch, District Manager. New cable is being installed, open wire removed, and modern; up-to-date, central energy service will be provided for our subscribers.Cail contract department and order your telephone now.(Incorporated)GO SOUTH THIS WINTERGo -where fair skies, ideal weather, and outdoor enjoyment dispel allthought of winter's discomfort.WINTER TOURIST FARESNOW AVAILABLE VIATO ALL RESORTS OF THE SOUTHINCLUDING FLORIDA, NEW ORLEANS, PANAMA AND!'LAND OF THE. SKY.'!TICKETSON SALE DAILY.ATTRACTIVEEQUIPMENT, SERVICE AND SCENERY UNSURPASSED;For details consult any Ticket Agent or writeH. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent, 10 1 East Main St, Lexington, Ky.1 BourbonwsDWIS & FUNK, Props.-Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetBourbon Laundry,Paris KentuckyHMUMUMHCtlimMtiHtOWIHMOtHtmMHMMThe Best in the World STheHiggin AU-MetaLScreens,SIHiggin All-MetalTheWeather Strip.Distributors of the Walger NewcTHodel Awning- The Best Awning Ever Put UpSuitable For Residences, Office and Hotel Buildings,School Houses, Etc.Some of Our Customers in Paris Massie" Hospital, A.J. Winters, Geo. Alexander, N. F. Brent, J". W. Davis,Deposit Bank, T. H. Clay, Mitchell & Blakemore and dozens of others.Our Sales Agents will gladly furnish an estimate foryou. Get the Higgin service and be satisfied. 'Screens bought now for future delivery are 'made at 2cents per square foot cherper.T. A. Hendricks,SafesPhone 258523-sept-tfWhen you feel SsaSvous, tired, worried or despondent it is asure sign you need-MOTTS NERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normal igor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMotf $ Nerve'rine Pills gj2WHiIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland. Ohioli. Oberdorfer, Druggist. Paris. Ky...The rails of a, street railway in theJkilly section of Rome are successfullylubricated with running water.Vacuum suction apparatus yhicham. be worn on a man's back has-ke. invented by an IowanJ!or)ick-LONG RETURN LIMIT;STOP-OVER PRIVILEGES.LaundryWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelanndry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and ifcdever goes brack on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateei::2AgentLexington, Ky.A CONSUMPTIVE COUGHA, cough that bothers you continually is one of the danger signals thatwarns of consumption. Dr.t King'sNew Discovery stops the cough, loosens the chest, banishes fever and letsyou sleep peacefully. The first dosechecks the symptoms and gives youprompt relief. Mrs. A. F. Mertz, ofGlen Ellen, Iowa, writes: "Dr. King'sNew Discovery t cured a stubborncough after six weeks' doctoring hadfailed to help." Try it, as it will dothe same for you. Best medicine forcoughs, .colds, throat and lung troubles. Money back if it fails. Price50ci and $1.00. All .druggists bymail.. H. E. Bucklen & Co.r Philadel-or St. J.OU1S. -the Bourbon NewlTEstablished 1881 32 Years oft Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Published Every Tuesday and FridaOne Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements. $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent inster-tion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue: reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candi'ates, obituaries and resolutions, andmilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reserved3 decline any advertisement or otherlatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaperV stock inrade and source of revenueREQUISITIONHONOREDBy Governor of New HampshireCase of Harry Thaw.InGovernor Felker, of New Hampshire, Saturday honored the requisilon of the State of New York for-he extradition of Harry K. Thaw.The case is now transferred autonatically to the- Federal Courts,where a writ of habeas corpus on behalf of Thaw is pending.The Governor based his decision onthe indictment returned againstThaw in New York County, whichcharged him with conspiracy to escape from the Matteawan Asylum forthe insane, to which he was committed after his second trial for the killing of Stanford White.Thaw made his sensational flight onAugust 17, and a few days later wasarrested near Coaticook, Canada.Thaw's attorneys announced thatthey would immediately file anamendment to their petition for a writof habeas corpus, application 'forwhich was made soon after Thawwas arrested in that State, followinghis deportation froim Canada.The original petition was hased onthe allegation that Thaw was indicted for conspiracy by the DutchessCounty grand jury, .and it was suspended pending the Governor's decision upon the matter of extradition.Because the extradition now hasbeen granted on, the strength of theNew York County indictment, it willbe necessary to amend the petitionaccordingly.Thaw was not present when Governor Felker announced his decisionto the attorneys representing the fugitive and the State of Nwe York atthe "capital. He will remain here inthe custody of United States MarshalNute and Sheriff Drew pending theFederal proceedings.At a conference of counsel following the decision, it was agreed thatthe stauts quo should continue for aweek. Thaw remaining here in hispresent custody, during which timehis counsel will piepare the papersfor the procedure in the United StatesCourt.Thaw said that he would make nocomment upon the Governor's decision and the probable tuture courseof his case. His mother, Mrs. MaryCopley Thaw, issued a 500-word statement in which she said that the Governor's decision was not a shock toher, although it was a disappointment.HOW'S THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhCure.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney for the last 15 years, andbelieve him perfectly honorable in allbusiness transactions and financiallyahle to carry out any obligationsmade by his firpi.NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE,Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly uppn'the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Price 7oc.per bottle. Sold by all druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. Nov. (adv)GINNING REPORT MADEShows. 8,835,913 Sales .of Growth of.1912 Ginned Prior to Nov. 1.The fourth cotton ginning report ofthe season, compiled from reports ofthe Census Bureau correspondents and Jagents throughout the cotton belt, andissued at 10 a. m. Saturday, announcedthat 8,835,913 bales or cotton, countinground as half bales, of the growth of1912 had been ginned prior to November 1. To that date last year 8,869,222 bales, or 65.8 per cent, of the entire crop, had been ginned; in 1911 tothat date 9,970,905, or 64.1 per cent, ofthe crop had been ginned, and in 1906to that date 6,906,395 bales, or 5l2 percent of the crop, had been ginned.Included in the total gainings were61,820 round bales, compared with 54,539 bales last year, 68,313 bales in1911, 81,183 bales in 1910 and 109,621bales in 1909.The number of sea island cottonbales included was 42,769, comparedwith 28,887 bales last year, 56,563bales in 1911, 40,504 bales in 1910 and55,237 bales in 1919!CAUSE OF INSOMNIAThe most common cause 61 insomnia is disorders of the stomach andconstipation. Chamberlain's Tabletscorrect thesedisorders and enableFor sale by all "dealers,(adv)I you to sleep...v tOF THE "JBETTErtBABIES"CAMPAIGNSne Woman's HomeCompanion carf's on its campaign for "Better Bales'' in the November number. NoN o lern movement has taken such firm11 on American mothers as themovement for 'JBetter Babies." "Bet. Babies" contests in forty Statesve been given with the Companion'sr operation in the way of cash prizes,medals, certificates of award, and mostimportant of all, the "Better Babies"tandard score card and other literaure prepared for and furnished by thecompanion.As a direct result of these contestsi here has arrisen a deluge of questionsfrom mothers as to how children canbe given the best possible start in life,physically, mentally, morally and spiritually. These questions are to be answered in a series of authorativearticles, the first of which appears inthe November number entitled "TheMeaning of Motherhood," by Dr. S.Josephine Baker, Director of ChildHygiene, Department of Health, NewYork City. On the question of prepa- jlit nun iur motnernooa, uoctor Bakersays in part:,"When everything has been found tobe normal, or the hest possible effotshave been made to make it so, thenext most important duty is that of acalm mind, cheerfulness and a firmfaith in the great joy to come. Dr.Osier, the famous physician, has saidthat the master word in medicine is'equanimity.' He might have gonefurther and called it the master wordfor all of life's conduct, for never areequanimity and even judgment neededmore than when a woman must consider that her mental attitude affects"not only herself but another life, forthe time wholly hers, to protect andguard."Gossip of dire foreboding and oldwives tales should .never he listenedto. Nine-tenths of the stories of serious results are pure fiction, with noreal basis of fact, however authenticthey may seem or how well supportedthey are by details. Science has disproved utterly the theory of marks anddisfigurement appearing on the habyas the result of sudden frights or horrifying experiences of the mother, butallowing the 'mind to dwell upon suchstories may mean a lowered vitalityon the part of the mother owing to themental worry, and, consequently, alowered vitality and a disturbed system for the baby."SAVED HIS FOOT.H. D. Ely, of Bantam, O., sufferedfrom horrible ulcer on his foot forfour years. His doctor advised amputation, hut he refused and reluctantlytried Bucklen's Arnica Salve as a lastresort. He then wrote: "I used yoursalve and my foot was soon completely cured." Best remedy for burns,cuts, bruises and eczema. Get a boxtoday, Only 25c. All druggists, orby mail. H. B. Bucklen & Co., Philadelphia or St. Louis.Nov. (adv) ,Servant (to his master an author)Sir, there are fifteen thousand peoplein the street clamoring to know whatis. going' to happen in your serial tomorrow. Y. M. C. A.'SWORK FORTUBERCULOSIS DAY.Nearly 600,000 members of theYoung Men's Christian Association ofthe United States, including severalthousand members of the allied healthleagues, hundreds of physical directors and 345,000 members of the physical departments will be urged to cooperate in the Tuberculosis Day campaign during the week of December 7,according to an announcement madefrom the headquarters of this movement in New York. .Lectures and discussions on tuberculosis will be held on Sunday afternoon, December 7, and during theweek preceeding or the week following that date, by many organizationsconnected with the Y. M. C. A. Prominent speakers in various cities of thecountry will address these meetings.The details of the program are beingworked out by Dr. George J. Fisher,Director of Physical Department ofthe Physical Department of the International Committee of the Association. Secretaries of the local branches ofthe Y. M. C. A, or members of theAssociation who are interested inthis movement can secure literature,free of charge, from the office of TheNational Association for the Studyand Prevention of Tuberculosis, 105East 22nd Street, New York City.SEE USFORPlKiograph IiRecordsNATIONAL5c and 10cStoreict 3 tfv. ',.innmnHtWHnHtmfo4El'fOld BeforeYour Time"II I Mill ItfilThat backache, so common nheadache, tired mu"c'c, crow s.ftful in appearance and all becauseThere is no reason why you sdisposal a remedy such as Dr. JPi ifor over 40 years as a remedv xorBands upin thousands of testnnorjinaccumulation of 40 years tcstifym r 1 1iveness. Neither mcotis nor w tfound in tins Jamou3 prescript rirregularities. Corret ts displacemcn 1 .painful i e iocH '! "nes up nerveo h iperfect he nn. Sold by dealers .n nieuin liquid or tablet form.DrPierce's MedicaL Adviser, newly Tfvised up-to-date edition, answers !.atof delicate Questions about 10 h cowoman, single or married ougnt t r-?!t!!lim'""!)ll!llIlillIU!llIIUIIIiHot PactsrIf you have been a housekeeper any lengthof time you have probably tried different kindsof COAL. And after 'all kinds of experiences and complaints you know' there 5s justone kind of FUEL that gives absolute satisfaction always, that is Fox RidgeCoal. Remember you cannot order tooearly to avoid the high priees.Dodson DentonThe Home of Good CoalYards, .South Main Stpgt&cgtgt!JjUuiMjii1. Sells My Products 4. Protects the Homeo Se-ts Best Prices 5. Helps the Housewife3. Brings Supplies 6. Increases Profits- 7. Pays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet.For information, call manager. 'Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyTncoepoeatedHandsomeI i-Twin BIOSCorner Seventh and Main Sts.Metal SlateWil;irtitfilThe four designs of Cortright Metal Shingles as shown above aremade m any of the following ways :1 . Stamped from Tin-plate and painted Red.2. Stamptd from Tin-plate and painted Green.3. Stamped from Tin-plate and Galvanized by a hand-dipping proces.4. Stomped from, special tight-coated Galvanized Sheets.Each and every genuine Cortright Metal Shine is embossed with thkTrade-mark, " Cortright Reg. U. S. Pat. OS." gFor Sale byBest & havvWns,ititWftetii.niiijWOMAN'S delicate tystra ptqairmmore than ordinary cart and attention morfc care and attention thit is given bf the average woman. -,,Nee Vet" it and ills soon creep in, andnes gradually follows.n, brings with it the snnken chest, thn t e outhful Docy is no more you ik'j! attention.unfortunate, & lien you have at yoar .sivorite Prescription recommended? peculiar tq women. We have thou-tercels3,W&vriteFresesiption1U1UI3SIS3HIZSHII1I1I11IIU1IIUIJAbout Fuel!Both Phones 1 40k': J?F. JrT.TTV TfTOk W9 HASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland Tehephone works for him. He will reply :Ladies, Take a Look !ATTwin. Bros. Department Store,New Arrival ofLadies' Stylish Fall Suits. Coats. Skirts,. ' Waists, Millinery, Shoes, Etc,Drygoodsjand Fall Drygoodsand Silks."aHTBSfcHT3Depanmeni SloieVIcf&ria5hiflgta mpvUSh'4 CrfcntalShiegte ,MiHersburff, Ky-5.kt VAff cottoa. y ViHHMUHMMMMimUMII?sr. " (ar)- s-f mr&!- H'u s'VjflMA &'itfyW&TfcVf'fcrJPeX" 4"Ssx.3.vrsJKt T"AIHh BOURBON rfews, PARIS;, KENTUCKY, NaVLMBCR llt9i3, ,'5ImNo.- 2' 4''-per MM US$1,000 to $100,000W. KING & SON,125 Chcapsldc. Lexlneton. VCANCER CURED JI guarantee every case I un-dertake; 20 years practice; ref- Jerence, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky. XcentTO FILL PUBUHflSERS!If you are looking for a goodSuit ot Overcoatat reasonable prices for Fall and Winter, here is the placeto get one.We made a lucky purchase of Men's Suits and Overcoats that would retail at $15, $18 and $20, but we areoffering them as a special inducement for&iii iWe also have a full line of Schloss Bros.' guaranteedfIs -tailored Suits for $15 to $25. Emerson Shoes -at $4nd $5, also Stetson and Hawes Von Gal Hats.Other lines of merchandise can be had at a price thatwill please your pocket-book.TWIN BROS., CLOTHINGL Wollstein, Proprietor.S Paris OdorlessLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us'before.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies7 Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblockedjto your satisfaction.We Call ForJ and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam LevyProprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c8YVIULC XV1U. U1UVCO WlCdllCU, OHVJ.U, 1UV,, 1VL1& M. AL. oc N. TIME-TABLEEFFECTIVE OCT. 19, 1913i: i Trains -A.rrireko. r rao1 '3-K Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5:21 am2?A Lexington, Ky., Daily 5:18 am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunda.y ,7: 35 am7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:38 am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:45 am40 Lexington, Ky Daily Except Sunday 7:42 am-37 Cincinnati, O., Daily 9:38am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10:20 ani12 Lexington, Ky., Daily 3 J 10: 15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:24 am26 Lexington, Xy., Daily Except Sunday 12: 00 m-25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .- 3 : 10 pm9 "Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday -. 3: 15 pm138 Lexington, Ky., Daily - ...,: :.. 3:33pm38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily . .;. 3:30 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily , ' 5:35 pm39. Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5 : 50 pm8 Lexington, Ky., Daily ,. .' 6:18 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily ,, 6:23 pms 31 Cincinnati, O., Daily . . . 10:50 pmTrains IDe-pstrt .No. . TO34 Cincinnati, O., Daily 5:28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday r 5:35 am7 Lexington Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7 : 47 am, 40 Cincinnati, 0., Daily Except Sunday 7: 50 am t10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 7 : 50 am '29 Lexington, Ky Daily , 9:43 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily . 9:45 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily .". . . v ."...,.. 10 : 29 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily '. 10:27am6 Maysville, Ky., Daily t 12:05 pm ,26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. . . . 12 : 04 am13 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday : . .,.. 3 ; 33 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily .O. .'. 3:40 pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 5 : 56 pm39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:58 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6: 28 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:25 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6: 40 pm-31 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:55 pm131 Atlanta, Ga., Daily-. 10:57pmTrains .A.rrrveFROMFrankfort,, Ky Daily Except SundayFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. Trains IDepaTrt;, ToFrankkfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ....... .' , . . . ' 8: 30 amFrankjtort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . . - . . . 6:25 pmPILESLPILES! PILES!WILLIAMSMNDIAN PILE OINTMEfWill cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching PhIt absorbs the tumors, allays itching at onacta as a poultice, gires instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mall 50c and ftWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., deveteod, (ML. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.Prof. Barnard has made a number .ofphotographs 6f the Gale comet, showing the double tail, which subsequently disappeared. This tail wasn seeon the south angle to it. The anglechanged, becoming greater in eachsucceeding photograph, until in thelast negative it was nearly at rightangles to the main tail. Prof. Barnard intends to measure this anglecarefully for a study of its change.DEP'T.Cleaning Co. 8,?7:4Qam"j :50 pmi i98WANTS DAIRYMEN.U. S. Will Establish Creameries on Irrigation Prospects.The establishment of creameries oneveral irrigation projects of the Government during the past two years hasproven so successful that there iswidespread interest in dairying amongthe settlers. Unfortunately many ofthe settlers are without the neccessary capital to purchase good dairystock and for the time being are forced to continue the uneconomic methodof selling all their forage crops. . Alarge number of these settlers are trying to operate .more land than theirmeans will permit, and with a view ofengaging in dairying are desirous ofsubdividing their farms in order to getmoney for the purchase of stock. Thishas placed on the market a considerable area of land on several projectswhere nearly all of the Governmentland has been taken up. The prices'and terms offered are more on thdbasis of the need for money than onactual value, and offer excellent opportunities for experienced dairymento establish themselves in communities where the success of their enterprise is practically assured. There arenumerous sections where good landsuited for dairy farming can be had atprices ranging from $25 to $50 per'acre, with water ready for irrigation.On all these projects the markets fordairy products, beef and pork, -are excellent and there is every indication ofa continuance for an indefinite period'.It has been demonstrated repeatedlythat dairy farming in the West is thesafest, surest,, and in the long run, themost profitable form of agriculture toengage inThe Settlement Agent of the U. S.Reclamation Service at Chicago is furnishing information concerning location, prices, and terms to all who areseeking homes in the West, but isespecially desirous of interesting practical farmers with capital. Many ofthese projects contain a few Government farms available for homesteadling, and literature describing them isalso supplied. In view of the veryhigh prices prevailing elsewhere forlands suitable for dairying, the Western opportunities are regarded as exceedingly attractive.NEARLY EVERY CHILDHAS WORMSPaleness, at times a flushed face,unnatural hunger, picking the nose,great thirst, etc., are indications ofworms. Kickapoo Worm Killer is areliable, thorough medicine for theremoval of all kinds of worms fromchildren and adults. Kickapoo WormKiller in pleasant candy form, aids digestion, tones system, overcomingconstipation and Increasing the actionof the liver. Is perfectly safe foreven the most delicate children. TheKickapoo Worm Killer makes chilaren happy and liealthy. 25c. Guaranteed. Try it. Drug stores or bymail. Kickapoo Indian MedicineCo., Philadelphia and St. Louis."Nov(adv)MINE "SNAPPER."KilledIn Accident Proves Hei r to$100,000.John MenaDack, a German, 22 yearsold, was killed In the Marianna Miifesnear Washington, Pa., where ne wasemployed as a snapper, one of thehumblest jobs m the colliery.Coroner James Heffran, in makinghis investigation, looked through thedead man's effects and found officialdocuments which showed that Menabeck was sole heir to a fortune of$100,000 in Germany, which was tohave been transferred to him nextmonth. Efforts are being made to gettrace of friends of the dead man inGermany.Menabeck had recently come to theMariaana mines from West Virginia.He Avas a quiet man who made fewfriends, and lie told no one anythingabout himself. He was frugal in "hismode of life"and se.emed to be saving-what little money lie could. He hadnever said anything to indicate thatlie expected to return to his nativeland in 'he near future. ,He was doing his work in the minesand was running ahead of a .motor andchanging switches. As he attemptedto board the moving motor he sliDDedtmd fell and was ground to death. "For handling salads a Texan hasinvented tongs, one end of which terminates in a fork, a lever pressing theends together or permitting a sprinsrto separate them as the user wishes JDOING THEIR DUTY.Scores of Paris Readers are Learningthe Duty of the Kidneys.lo niter the blood is the kidneys'dntv f- iWhen they fail to do this the kidneys are weak.Backache and other kidney ills mayfollow.Help the kidneys do their work.Use Doan's Kidney Pills the testedkidney remedy.Proof of their worth in the follow- ring:A. S. Moore, contractor for concretework, 34 N. First Avenue, Winchester, Ky., says: "I had pain through myback, and fter I stooped, it was hardfor me to straighten. Doan's KidneyPills made me strong and well."The above is not an isolated case.Mr. Moore is only one of the many inthis vicinity who have gratefully endorsed Doan's. If your back' achesif your kidneys bother you.don'tsimply ask for a kidney remedy askdistinctly for Doan's Kidney Pills,the same that Mr. Moore had. 50c.all stores. FosterjMilburn Co.,Props., Buffalo, N. Y. tadv).t&&& BUCK FREEMANT&ipEMP1". ClassBarber Shop.d, Three Expert Artists; No.',.jar tnr2"" -, waits,Hot and ColdBaths. ,Main t.'- 'Opp. Court HouseTry Buck's CoaliQil Shampoo.' 4 ,GREAT MINERAL. PRODUCER.lllinos Ranks Third, According toFti-'.s of Geological Surveys.iVv'iU) "or 010 rather than pig ironcon r-ii thebas"is of iron production lu ti r.A.nks third amoner all theStat i tne value of its mineralj pro dm ti m, according to B. W. Parker,of the Jnited States Geological Survey, the figures being compiled in cooperation with the State GeologicalSurvey. Illinois is an important manufacturer of pig iron, being exceededin this respect only by Pennsylvaniaand Ohio, but it produces no iron ore.Illinois has prominence as a miningState because of its large output ofcoal, being exceeded only by Pennsylvania and West Virginia. In the value of the output, however, Illinois exceeds West Virginia by as many dollars as We,st Virginia exceeds Illinoisin tons. In 1912 the total value ofof the mineral production of Illinoiswas $123,068,338. In 1911 the value ofall the minerals produced in the Statewas $106,275,115. Illinois is also animportant producer of coke, but atleast 80 per cent of the raw coal usedin the coke ovens comes from WestVirginia.Second in importance among Illinoismineral products is petroleum, theoutput of which in 1912 amounted "to28,601,308 barrels, vauled at $24,332,605, a decrease in quantity of 2,715,730 barrels and in value of nearly$4,600,000 from 1911. Although theproduction of petroleum in appreciable quantity from Illinois is a part ofthe history of the last 10 years, theState now ranks third as a petroleumproducer and is the most importantState in this regard east of Mississippi River. Prior to1915 the oil production of Illinois was measured bya few hundred barrels annually, butowing to some developments nearCasey, Clark County, th eproductionduring the last six months of 1915 roseto o ver 180,000 barrels. Little wasthought of the importance to whichIllinois would rise as a petroleum producer. Vithin three years of theextension of the oil territory the production of the State jumped to over33,000,000 barrels t and has averagedover 33,000,000 , during the lastfive years. Some natural gas is produced in the State, but -when compared wtfh the output of coal and petroleum it is insignificant. The three'n?o oad a comDmed value in 1912 of$95,243,410, compared with $79,941,543in 1911.Illinois iB one of the leading Statesin the utilization of its clay resources.In the value of manufactured clayproducets' it ranks fourth among theStates, with a total in 1912 of $15-?o?'-. Ucompared wih ?14333,011 in7u Principal clay products ofthe State are building brick, vetrifiedbrick, architectural terra cotta, draintile, and pottery. In the value of isprick and tile products Illinois ranksthird. ,There are three other mineral industries m Illinois which yield productsin excess of a million dollars annually. These are cement (productionof Portland in 1912, 4,602,617 barrels,valued at $3,444,085)' sand and gravel(production in 1912, 6,957,901 shorttons, valued at $1.929.8221. and Cf(total value in 1912, $3,841,504).nimois ranits nrst m the productionof flourspar; mined in the southernpart of the State, and second in thevxVum;nuii oi "tripoii," a residualJTV,.UB "luuenai used as a basis forabrasives and for filtratfon. Othermineral products of the State are asphalt, glass sand and other sandsgravel, lead, lime, mineral plants, mineral waters, pyrite (a by-product in,coal mining), silver, sulphric acid andzinc.The output of pig iron, which is notincluded in the. total value, amountedto 2,806,378 long tons, valued at $42828,816, in 1912. In addition to the pigiron, ferro alloys, amounting m totalvalue to over $800,000, are made within the State.PAYS TAX ON $11,000,000FRANCHISE ASSESSMENTThe L. & N. Railroad Company onThursday paid into the State Treasury $55,000, the amount of State taxes;due on $11,000,000, the' additionalfranchise assessment, on which Judge.Cochran, in the Federal Cmirr nf.Frankfort, said tlie road would haveio pay Detore he granted a temporaryinjunction in the suit brought by theroad to enjoin the collection of tlm.fpart of its 1912 franchise assessment,x.axucu uj- ii. lu uu excessive. j.neroad will have to pay taxes on thesame assessment to the counties andcities through which the road passes,..me oruer granting tlie injunctionwill now be entered, and the casewill be prepared for final hearing unless it isocrapromised.The population ot France is practically stationary. The rural population has a marked tendency to seekemployment in the cities.A HAPPY CHILD INJUST A FEW HOURS.If Coss, Feverish, Constipated, Gve"California Syrup of Figs."Mothers can rest easy alter giving''California Syrup of Figs," because ina few hours after all the clogged-UDwaste, sour bile and fermenting foodgenly moves out of tlie bowtua, andyou. have a well, playful 'child again.Children simply will not take the timefrom play to empty their bowels, andthey become tightly packed, liver get?ssluggish and stomach disordered.When cross, feverish, restless, seeif tongue is coated, then give this delicious "fruit Iaxatinve."Children loveit, and it cannot cause injury. Nodifference what ails your little oneif full of cold, or a 'sore throat,, diarrhoea, stomachache, bad breath, remember a gentle "inside cleansing"should alkays be the first treatmentgiven. Full" 'directions for babies,childr.en of hll ages, and grown-ups areRrinted on each bottle.'Bevvai-e of 'counterfeit fig syrups.Ask your druggist for a 50cent bottleof, "California Syrup of Figs' thenlook carefully and see that it is madeby 'the "California Fig Syrup 'Company." Wev make no smaller size.Hand back with contempt any otherfi syrup. , (ady)TELEGRAPHIC CROP NEWSService to BjExtended To All TheStates.' "WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 10. Asa, icauii ui. jLcqucjatn iiuui culture aaiu ,editorial associations m manyt States,the U. S.' Department of Agriculturehas announced that the Novembercrop reports of each State "will be supplied to the newspapers in all Statesthrough the Central Weather Stationlocated in each of the States.This is an extension of the experiment of telegraphing the State cropreturns to the Central Weather Stations in each of nine States, and having these telegrams duplicated atonce and mailed to the newspapersand agricultural publications. Underthis plan newspapers in 39 additionalStates will now receive full details ofthe State crops far more quickly thanwould be possible if these State cropdetails were put in the mails in Washington and had to travel by train longdistances to the more remote States.Under this plan the general summary of the crops for the UnitedStates will," as heretofore, be issued inWashington for telegraphic distribution. It has been found, however, thatthe conditions of crops within theirparticular States are of especial valueto the farmers and producers, to whomthe conditions in their own State areimportant in the marketing of theirproduce.Under this plan the Departmentsends one telegram to the CentralWeather Bureau in each State, andwithin a few minutes after the cropfigures for the State are completed inWashington the Weather Bureau is en1abled to mail copies of the figuresfrom a central point within the Stateto all papers in that State.Under the code system used, theDepartment is under the necessity ofelegraphing only figures of previouscrops for comparison are cupplied toeach Weather Bpreau Station by mail.The cost of the telegraphing for eachStates does not exceed 75 cents.The crop data thus" circulated bymail to the newspapers will give: (a)a full list of the crops; (b) the average condition of, each , crop for tenyear periods in that particular State;(c) the condition of the State cropsfor November 9th. In the adjoiningcolumn will be given the same datafor the United States, so that the farmers who read these notices can compare the crops in their State as of November 9th with the ten-year averages of their own State, and in thesame way Avith the average conditionthroughout the United States on November 9th and for ten years.These State crop reports are notsupplied to individuals, and are mailedl only to editors of regular publicationsrm. -VT--,-U- Olnlrx nnnv.-fr. fni. hn QQx lit; nuvquiuei oiaic icuiio iui lug oStates newly added to the list will besent only to the daily papers, the-county-seatpapers, and agriculturalpublications. Meanwhile, the Department is preparing lists of small-townweeklies, and in December the cropreports will y be sent also to the smaller papers."France last year imported Americancoal valued at 12,755.tggglKSS3No rjater vhef-'icr Tie thermometerregisters 101 above or 25 oeiowzero,ftofSgas. lea Are RQofliig, crji't be . fecrcl a prLxleVj irr.ttc' l!ic curves cr valleys of-w.r'i Cwf - i i "d no fa to cover4k . ., -r An. -a-. cd ARC ROOFING; w y i "IcSjIl lb i the . ' t Roofa?,. 'dt.i -a. -T2K. jVoJ'sherthantt n CzU r Ki;. 1 ij ? -d.Mil' mrt oiirn, -la ti .fip,i the moneyo Uo uitf . oi uei.oct. satiaKi torj.4: ML ii TED L-tOCFZNG CO.u r, i-3C-.TSold by Millersburg Coal andLumbre Co.,Millersburg, Ky.Special Rates fr Excursions.Round trip Winter Tourists to allprincipal winter resorts in Alabama,Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, South Carolina and Havana,Cuba, on sale daijy Oct. 1, 1913, untilApril 30, 1914, with final limit May 31,1914; also to principal winter resortsin Texas and New jMexico, on saledaily Nov. 1, 1913, to April 30, 1914,with final limit May 31, 1914. Liberalstopovers allowed on ah .winter tur-.ist tickets! Also low round tripHomeseekers' tickets to points in Arizona, Arkansas, Louisiana, Missouri,New Mexico, Oklahoma, Texas, Alabama, Florida, Mississippi, Colorado,Kansas, Montana, Nevada, North Dakota," South Dakota and Clifornia onsale first and third Tuesdays of eachmonth; iihal limit 25- days from date"of sale, .stopovers allowed , in Home-seekers' territory. For further informm0i Abffm-ImlLmationV call no' or address, S.- , .Wi H KARRIS, Afnt.T. C SMITH, T. A.- - '-AJw' W9If li W"I Mi Jo I ;iNeuralgiasufferers find instant relief inSloan ' s Liniment. It penetrates to the painful partsoothes and quiets the nerves.No rubbing merely lay it on.SLOANSLINIMENTKills, PainFor Nevnlgia"I would not be witboat your liniment and praise it to all who sufferwith neuralgia or xheamatisiB or paia ofany kind." -Un. H&y Bukop, Helena,MlUOUTUPais AH GeM" I suffered with qaite a severe nearalgic headache for A months withoutany relief. I used yoar liniment fertwo or three nights and 1 haven't aaff ered with my head since " Xr. J. R.Steuiger, LouuviUe, Ky,TreabBemts for Cold asd CrowMy littla girl, twehre years old,caught a severe cold, and I save herthree drops of Soan Liniment on sugaron going to bed, and she got up in themorning with no signs of a cold. A kttle boy next door had croup and I gavethe mother the Liniment. She save hisBthree drops on going to bed, and he gotup witnout tne croup in the mormr.Mr. JT. H. Strange, Chicago, IK.AtaHDealecs. Frlea 23e., 50c. ami. Sl.MSloan's Bok oa Horses sent free.AddressDR. EAML S. SLtAN, he, lute, MassL.Cat Only Living Thing en Derelict.From a derelict ship a cat wasrescued near Plymouth, England, a,few days, ago. H. M. S, Donegalhad received orders to search forand sink the derelict Norwegktnrbarque Blenmark. The Glenmark hadbeen dismantled and abandoned morethan a month ago. Her crew was ree-vcued and taken to Liverpool by thetsteamer Dunholme. The Donegalpicked up the ship 500 miles out, butfinding the hull sound determined, tosave her. 'The only living thing oaboard the derelict was a cat, wnichkhad been driven mad by .thirst anoVwhich severely bit a bluejacket "who'stroked it.4 Per Cent InterestPaid OnTimeDepositsYour Deposits Arc GuaranteedY0D TAKEN0 RISKS "If You Are InterestedWrite UsUNION STATE BANK. Muskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000PuIIy PaidIw-BarberSliopWindsor Hotel.Modern Equipment . 7Polite Service. ,Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDrCnrtis&QverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shoji,I (Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - ;43Expert Barbers' Polite Attentionand Cold Baths atHotHours' , : No Long Wiks.A Stare of the PuMc' rooae Sottciterf.r.c ;V" '-'. ,r"fvM"II I1 Hi M "I ii r m nl. - - .n... -i - -? r- -w,- , 4, --j. -,!- - -)r " . ' ,;r"' ? ---ijiWiir.wliiiitwnFhstiWMn4THE BOUjaBON NEWS., PB, KY NOVEMBER 11 1913-f.THMIGAL-n;m mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmimmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmw pal ,,. - k f?j rmmmmmmjmmJmmm Z-LJ initfjiiiii :DEATHS.'JtrHEIiBftit-ifSilverwareAside from its intrinsic value to-day ourSilverware has the distinction of representing theperf&ction of the Silversmith's Art at this period ofo4merican history.For this reason it will- be appreciated hyfuture generations even more so -than are theheirlooms of the past valued to-dayThe practical use of Silver arid ite permanence makes it an appropriate and lasting gift forever appreciate.Onr Silverware display is one of the specialfea&ires of this store and one of special interest tothose who seek exclusive patterns at moderate prices.. - a4The Home- , For Jewelry" 'Shire m Fithianparis; Kentucky-. -r- v.mnflTff1II!IIM!P!MMMI!II1IM&f&zJ&e stmake jt a rule to; go to theBank eachmonthInd depositSOME MONEY, gS. IT WILLGolden Ru liSBm w w WBm,"When you have a bank account, you have a bank connection. .Your GREDIT is better. You have-more confidence and self reliance. It will help you in'everyyway.Ask those who bank with us how we treat THEM.Make OUR. bank YOUR bank rWe pay 3 per cent, interestEPOS IT BANK OF PARIStpiui, $io,ooo.oaM HALL.. President-YOU WILL BE PLEASED. -.Get skoe satisfaction by trading attf) FBLD'S.ItoiUiffH Dairy 0miI kYe again opened the WoodlawnBftiry, jnU my wagon is now running.JPwfe Jrey cream ad milk. Telefc orders wifl. receive prompt attwtioti. IL F. COLLIER,Bethlehem Pike" Cumbwlaadpkne 54&;Hone fkoae 1 ,'(Mov. 1-lm9) w v , . . rof Quality"itA-'4t6Q0e4e9$StTim4& J&te-on Savings.V-Surplus, $40,000.00.C. K. THOMAS. CashierGET OUR PRiCEaNatural gas will soon le turaeaUon.We hare everything in " heaters andranges. Get our prices before youkuy. '(24-4t) IWRY & TASpOTT.VOTE ON BOND ISSUECARRIES IN CARLISLE,Tin vote on .issuing $30,000 worth ofbonds in Carlisle to erect a ,, waterworks system, haying carried' in theirfavor by a large majority, plans arenow being formulated to secure anexpert engineer at once to report on,several "sites considered for-the Teser-A-oir.1 mm&&0s-szmk;BROWN-DAVIS. , iA dispatch from .Oklahoma City,says: "Mayor P. P. Duffy,' of El Reno,and Mrs. Olivette Hatchett Brown, ofthe same city, were married at theKingkade Hoel, in this city, Wednesday. The ceremony was performedby Chief Justice J. B, Turner, of theOklahoma Supreme Court. After anextended tour Mr. and Mrs. Duffy willbe at home in El Reno. Mayor Duffywas born and reared in Paris, Bourbon county, Ky:, but has been in Oklahoma for a number of years. Hewas for years editor and principalowner of the El' Reno Democrat andlias been one of the leaders" of theDemocratic party since statehood.He was a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Lieutenant-Governorat the last State election, but wasdefeated by J. J. McAlester, runningsecond in big bunch of entries. Behas been Mayor of El Reno for a number of years." vKEEP WARM.Call in and look at our stock of -fineiblankkets and comforts. A beautifulline to select from, ana tney are tnekind that will keep you warm, too.All prices and qualities.(10-tf A. ,F. WHEELER & CO.NOTICE.I am prepared to serve on shortnotice lunches for parties and dances, and make a specialty of the latter .MRS. CARL CRAWFORD, 'THANKSGIVING. SLAUGHTERINGSEASON OPENED LAST FRIDAYThe season for slaughtering turkeysbegan Friday, when Chas. S. Brent &Bro., of this city, commenced to receive at their four shipping" pointsParis, Carlisle, llillersburg and PlemTngsburg. Bfuyers are radiating fromthese four ceuters, and are eagerlylooking for the choice flockers, paying fifteen cents per pound at thepens at the several slaughteringpoints.The present season has been favorable to the raising of turkeys and itis estimated that the crop is abouttwenty-five per cent, in excess of theusual average, but as these birds' donot usually put on fat before the coldweather, they are thought to be poorat present and somewhat inferior inquality.The finm of Chas. . Brent & Bro.,is one of the largest dealing in turkeys in Kentucky, and they annuallyship from the four points mentioneda total of from 65,000 to 75,000 birds.They ship to .the Eastern markets,principally Boston and other NewEngland points.The firm has a cold storage plantat each of the four towns named,which makes them independent of theweather, as the tnrkeys as soon asdressed are placed in cold storageand are ship'ped in refrigerator cars."Between three and four hundredpersons are employed by this firmduring the slaughtering season, mostof time being "pickers," the pickingbeing done largely by women andgirls, and the pens where the work is 'done are places of great activity dur-'ing the season which is short, gener-allv about two -weeks.The disposition of the feathers hasbecome an important feature in thebusiness, being shipped to dealers invNew York and Cincinnati. The wingand tail feathers are used in the manufacture of feather dusters, and nodoubt the other feathers are disguisedand used in millinery.Usually the bulk of the turkey cropis slaughtered for the Thanksgivingmarket, not more than one-third orless being held for the Christmasmarket.SAVES'TIME AND TROUBLE.Building fresh fires each morningtakes lots of fuel. . Cole's Hot 'BlastHeaters save time, trouble and expense. A Conference of Bourbon County'sPastors, Sunday School Superintendents and Sunday bchool teachers, of jhavs7 iifi;p5- will hp hplri in Paris: tn IFriday and Saturday of next week.This conference is in the interest ofBourbdh County's young men. Themeeting will open Friday morninerat10 o'clock at the Christian church andlMr-. Arthur N. Cotton, of New York,a rfian of international repute will be theprincipal speaker, during the entireconference. '4 Friday night a meeting for the boysand young men will be held under theauspices of the Paris High School Club,of the Bourbon County Young Men'sChristian Association, Mr. Cotton will jdeliver the address ior the occasion.Another session for the boys will beheld Saturday morning at the SchoolAuditorium, at 9 o'clopk.Thefollowing is the program:FRIDAY, NOV. &.At 10 a. m. Meeting of Pastors,Sunday School Superintendents and..Teachers, of boys' classes, at Christianchurch. "At 12 a. m.-Luncheon at Christianchurch, served by the " ladies of thechurch.Atlpm. Conferen will againconvey. ,At 7:30 vpi, m. A meeting under theauspices Pi- H. S. Club, Qf BourbonCounty y. &;. C. A., at public SchoolAuditorium.SATURDAY, NOV. 15.At 9 a. m. A meeting of the boys atPublic School Auditorium.ThereilMe two delegates for -eachSunday School class of bpys betweenthe ages of tweivje andtweaty, fromBourbon county, and the pastors, Sunday School Superintendents anAi Sun-dasr School teachers, s The boys and Jyoung men of Paris, are 'extended acordial FnvitatioS to be present at the 1meeting to be held at the bchool build-ijn& an(1 aW others who ,-are interestedin these meetings. i , tREL60US' The Paris Grand."The Girl and the" Stampede."Laugh-compelling, bright, vivacions,and above everything quaintly human, comes to the Paris Grand Saturday, Nov. 15. The popularity ofthe play is doubtless due to the factthat its production has never beencheapened.- The original flayers arestill in the majority in the cast. Thestaging of the play is, of- course, excellent, as it always has been, andathere can be no doubt but whatifThe Girl and the Stampede' ' hasproven to be one of the most popularand best of the Western romances.Order seats now at the usual place.. (adv)The Ben Ali Theater. .Lexington is at last to havevaudeyjlle that is vaudeville, for when yousay' "Keith's" in the lingo of Americans, 'tis "nuff said." The management of tbfe Ben Ali have arranged tohavethree days of Keith vaudeville"each weel;, Thursday, Friday and Saturday, with daily matines. Thismeans that Lexington is to have thesame acts that are given in Cincinnati, Louisville, Alanta, New -Orleansand the larger cities of the CentralWest and South.The bill this week is an exceptionally good one, three of theacts coming directly frSm -the-Orphenm Theater, New Orleans, others from Jacksonville, Florida, and one from Louisville. Too much cannot b said of Howardand Lawrence in their little comedyskit, "The Cigar Girl." Hpward isthe recoguized star trick pianist ofthe circuit and this talent is cleverlyintroduced in his one act comedy. vAnna Diaz and her trained monkeyswill bring joy to the hearts of theyoungsters, whose favorites they arewherever they appear. Some of theirantics are side-splitting.Eva Shirley, the singing comedienne, is well worth the price of admission, introducing many new songsthat have been arranged for her.Homer Miles and company in theircomedy sketch, coming direct fromthe Orpheum Theater at New Orleanswill please without a doubt, as theirsketch is entirely new and differentfrom the usual worn out vaudevillesketch.Willis and Hassen in their equilibrist act are marvels, their stunts making one hold their breath in wonder.William Sisto, coming from the Orpheum. New Orleans, is one of thevbest monologists on the Keith circuit, which is saying a great deal.Thursday- ,Friday and Saturday,with daily matinees, night prices 25c.to 75c, matinee prices 15c. to 50c.(adv)COMPARE OUR PRICES.iYou do not have to go to Lexingtonfor Wilson natural gas heaters andClark Jewel Gas Ranges. We haveboth. Compare our prices.(24-4t) LOWRY & TALBOTT.BENTON : BATTAILE xAn interesting event in Winchester society is the approaching wedding of Miss Saxah Goodloe Benton,of Winchester, to Mr. Willis Battaile,of Clark county. It is to be celebrated on the evening ot November26,'at the home of Judge .and Mrs. JasM. Benton. 'Mrs. Withers Davis, of Paris, willbe the matron of honor. Mr. Curran Benton, of! Detroit, Mich., a.brother of the brideelect, is to bethe best man. Miss Katherine Headley, of Lexington, will be the maid ofhonor. Miss Martha VanMeter, Miss'Katherine Nelson and Miss. MerrieReese, of Winchester, and Miss MaryBarrett Sniith, of Richmond, bridesmaids; Mr. Charley Dudley, Mr. William Duty and Mr. Thompson Betts.of Winchester, and Mr. William Ev-lLans, of Richmond, groomsmen.ROBINSON-FRANCISNews has been received here ofthe mariage of Mrs. Nina RobinsonAter to Mr. David R. Francis, both ofSt. Louis, which was celebrated -onlast Thursday.'The bride is the widow of the lateyiiWilliam 4 Ater. She is charmingand attractive and has visited in the IBlue Grass. Mr. Francis is the sonof Governor Francis, ex-Governor of IMissouri, and is prominent socially 1ana in tne business world. ,Both are members of the state'smost aristocratic and wealthiest families and their .marriage is of much interest. Mr. Francis has many relatives in this and Madison counties.A marriage license was issuedSaturday o Mr. William McCarthyand Miss Margaret Tate.WILL SAVE YOU MONEY.Don't tail to read our advertisement on page one of this issue. Wej will save you money on groceries.Bring the cash to our store ind 'set111more than you can" elsewhere. Readlf them can resist anything ha'ing aiour prices. . -UU-tl) T. C. EINEHAN.FOR THE COOL WEATHER.To be absolutely , comfortable thesecom uuy? wiiue out namg you snouia ffh6suDDlied with one of our font-1warmers. ujiu one ol mosg ueautiiui.. J J r", I : " 1 xj , Ibuggy robes we are showing,Alsoa fine line of horse blankets.(7-4t) LAVIN &CNNELL.L MUSICAL FESTIVAL MAYLEAD TO ONE IN SPRING.'Attention is called to the disobivJ advertisement iifaii other 'part of. thisproaching musical festival.' It is 11worthy of cara ful consideration. The'success jof .this festival means a greatdeal to Pris. There iV no doubt butthat a spring musical festival -will result from this 'one. '' & ' T-FormerlyKaufman, Straus &Co.Lexiigto t hExtra Special Saleof Woolen DressGoods75c a YardOf- Utmost Importance to -EveryWomanWe are f aee to face with a reduction of Imported aadDomestic Woolen 'Fabrics. Schedule K, of the newly enacted tariff law will bring about these reductions afterJanuary 1, 1914. Being forewarned, we, will prepare tomeet the new prices fcy reducing Woolen goods now on .hand.Beginning Monday, November 3rd, 1913, we willoffer for one weekat 75c per yardA tremendous assortment of all Wool Dress materials from38- to 54,inches in width, most of them this season's weavesand staple fabrics in every conceivable style, color andshading. ' vNone of these were less than $1 .00 per yard, mostof them ranging from $1.25 to$2.07 a yard . "We are showing them on a separate Sale .Counter andwill sell any length desired. This is not a remnant or oddand end sale,, but your choice in quality and any desirjdyardage at an average reeuction of 60 per cent.The low price quated precludes all privileges of sampling, sending on approval or returning for exchange oimoney refunded.s9WOLF, WILE2 'Lexington ,.Ky.itWMIffMttlMr. Merchant; r Well Lighted Show . ;" . ' Windows don't cost-'-'- Mone, they make: MoneyV -They advertise your business and your goods x jin a way no other medium can. They brightenwp your store and its vicinity and attract custom.They are the brightest, most effective, most prog- grressive form of advertising and they help your Jtown.Ve -will be glad to talk it over with you. ?WRITEPHONEParis Gas &Incorporated)QUALIFIED.,It has been said of Avomen that fewjamuy resemblance to a bargain, buta young Avoman ot independent .meansHiving in the Northeast district has1 reaohetl the AvtrATnif-v nf -lisrrjyornr. !reached the extremity of -bargain-Kiituums. xier naDiis aions xms iine-raihave long been a 'joke among those Iuwkjiow ner, ana wnen sue auenaea t,her club meetins- reeentlv the othersV. A A "A , i, ,, . . .ufgaa 10 iwit ner udouc it. 'y"ut,l certainly found a bargain-yesterday, girls," she sainf RatifSif?on onrl fhtivknow all about it right aAvay.T Cll, sue luiu tuciii cucj Ly , "went down to attend a suit sale 1 reacljof in the paper, and I' was passing a?'place on Mafn street AVherev they selliiiinwiiieius, ana uvey Avere au marK-ed down, and I bought the lovliestgranite monument you ever saw for550, and it is worth three times thatmuch if it is worth a cent." i' l J'Harvard University had its begin-1nings , at Newton, -afterward "Cam-1Newton, after,watrd "Cam-1s.rin 1636 ' lJL'bridge, Masslei doptI503GG03Pt:see;;Electric Co, !('STOCK ID FARM NOTESMrThos. McClintock. o Millers--.burg, sold to Caywood & McClintock,hf Pnri -'KVirtfiv 11 hooH f ml.Ta -bf Paris. -Friday. 11 head of mnTes ata ranci-nrice. aGeorge W. Mur'phy, of KewtoAvnf-''acoit count cot tne banner once "vtor a nnir of Vi1a whifli h crklrl in--, - . . .. . . .jonn iuoseij', or Virginia,, receivingr550(r - for them. The -mules are .lightHO:hands, one- and .one-half -ih'ches highV Wt-pt ,TO NATURALGAS USERS.r- !We nrn lnonl aPtR fnr Hip. T?avmtii? Vnatural gas headers and ranges. Theyar the best on the market, and tne-nrfoA 1ps fhn infrinr snorts.oi.At tawpv s, nrAT.TtTkTTv , r-Kerosene A'hl quickly cleanse zincor- enameled sinks, "bath tubs and re--vor- enameled sinks, "batfrigeratof linings. ,wiIfII Mr--Jt.sHVtpK)&?-k-:-J-- r'is,ffiv. Jrt. t21-fKr7- "Wf 1?X-SKrStir-s -VX4rri., .. irJ 'MjfljQfL3R J2pff&pxfzt.TOEIBOyRBONEVS, PARIS, "KY., NOVEMBER IX 1913Jft&&--,.,:'r.'.n -MlJ2r'VT3T5.vfif 'jKiWf&wfoHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADE"TURKEYS WANTED.We will begin to receive turkeys Friday,November 7th, andwe hope to completeour shipment on Saturday, November 1 5.Avoid the rush bysending your turkeysin early- Early delivery enables us to handle them to betteradvantage. We canuse fat ones only.Chas. S. Brent Sc Bro.7nov3t$1.25 THIS WEEKShis is the week to get aCTCedaryxtj cheap $1.25 at J. T. Hmton's.GOOD APPLES.iPancy Virginia Winesap Apples.(It)C. P. COOK & C0.CARLISLE VI AN HEAVrLYFINED FOR-SELLtNG llQUOR'rn.es "totaling $240 and costssr hunting to $22 were assessedj. Jns Peter Linville, of Carlisle, byJ 3ge James E. Plummer, in fourjes on charges-of selling liquor in1 la option territory.EXCHANGE-, , - . -d nnA IYour old stove in on Gas Range andHeater.(26:tf)A. F.' WHEELER & CO.CLARK COUNTY MAN BL)ySEOURSON COUNTY FARMClayton Strode, of Clark county,Saiur day. purchased from Chas. A.Talor, hisfarm of 3Q2 acres on the Stony Point" and North Middletown pikein tliis county, at $100 an acre. Mr.Strode will move to the place aboutMarch 1. Mr. Tabor probably locatein the West.HEAVY WbOLEN SWEATERS $3.00A special wool sweater, with collarn navy and gray. .. J. W. DAVIS & CO.FRESH OYSTERSWe receive a shipment every day.jpi) C. P. COOK & CO.ROET. S. PORTER AGENT' e - FOR "THE BEN ALL"Mr.' Ri S. Porter, of this city, is the"epresentafive in Paris for the "Benilv' Wtontfiv in Tpvlneton. He Will"rk,My-r-A it. A A.WM-WV. , ..-. a -nake orders , for the reservation of Iseats f or all performances, including j..the Keith vaudeville, which will be' seen for three nights and matineeeach week, Thursday, Friday and ISaturday. The vaudevilleopens next Thursday.season iIjJUST AS GOOD. IWe can paper just as well in win-1V oe in summer. The" onlv differ-tar ar in summer, ilie onivrice is Vou &et it cheaper. !j. T. HIXTON. j- I.OUR CHINCHILLA OVERCOATS.are tailored to our high standard of" uality. It is the -popular cold jjveath- r overcoat. 20 to 35.t, ' J. W. DAVIS &CO.FCLUR SMALL-POX PATIENTSELUDE GUARDS AND ASCAPE'Four men suffering with smallpoxconfined in a construction camp onthe L.& N. railroad -at Bedford Sta-lion, mree imiea auutii w A "'Uroke quarantine Friday afternoon,and are noW atc large" Officials of surrounding towns werenotifletl to he on the lookout for them.How the men eluded the guards atthe camp is unknown, y' A number of new cases have developed among the jnen who are engaged in laying rails on the doubletrack of the railroad 'between Parisand Winchester. Guards around thecamn were doubled Friday night tocamp were doubled Fridayl)revent further escapes.JUST GOT IN.A largg newjust received.assorthient ofrugsAlso . comforts 1 and--blankets.J.""T.'HINTON.i-"VARMWOOLEN ANDLEATHER GLOVES,Dent's F. C. & F. Perrins lined orTmlined, 50 cents to 2.50.J. W. DAVIS &, COTyCOUNTY 'CLERKPATON 'ISSUES 147 HUNTING 1.ICENSESIn anticipation of the approaching!Shunting season local sportsmen areirent, uuanes may, wauer iveuuey,m&kmg preparations tohunt quail,ifri rabbits, aiidrsucn. oUiergame as isfoun.d in Kentucky, during the season dietown; Misses bailie locKuart,which opens Friday and continues to j Mary Clay, Mary Woodford, and MaJanuary 1. During the past two or cie Talbott. .three weeks County Clerk Pearce One of the pretty events of thePaton has issued 147 hunting licenses season was the german gfven- Frideynnd the number wiif be increased be-' eening at-the Elks Hall. The dauce;fnr the oDenina: of the season. Notonly are liunters required to procurelicense, but they must carry it withthem. The lay prouiuits tnes aio ory purchase of quail, pheasant of wHdturkey. . "'THIS COLD WEATHERmikes heavy underwear a necess-'ifv. jCome here for'jny kind of un-r2rw91r ih mMvweight. We iit hsrd.trf It vwSOCIAL AND PERSONAL' Mrs. Harry Simon left Saturdayfor Chicago.Mrs. F. P. Kiser visited .in iWinchester last week.Mrs. A. W. Nottingham was thesuest last week of Mrs. J. C. Bishop,-Tn Winchester.Mrs. John Connell has returnedfrom a visit to her, sister, Mrs. JohnDrennan, near Mayslick.Mrs. "William Merricks,' of Falmouth, is th guest of her mother,Mrs, Buchanan, in this city.Mrs. Frank Farmer, of Jackson,Ky., is here for a visit Xo her parents,Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Earlywine.Mrs. D. C. McNamara, of Arlington, Mass., is the guest of Mr. andMrs. Robert Langston and family.Mrs. Harry Chambers, of JLouisville, is here for a visit to her father,Judge Harry Brent, and other relatives. Mr., D. C. Parrish -was called toPittsburg Sunday on account of theserious illness of his daughter, Mrs. J.R. Andrews.Mr. fand Mrs. A. L. Burley leavethis morning for Winchester, Mt.Sterling and Olive Hill-' tor a twoweeks' visit.Mr. George R.NBell entertained a'number of friends at a birthday dinner Thursday evening, at his home onDuncan avenue.. Miss' Gazena Thomas has" returned to her home in C. Steljlin'g, after' a visit of several months to heraunt, Miss M. Pv Visscher, in thiscity. ,Mrs. Charlton Alexander Has returned from Versailles, where she hasbeen at the bedside of her mother, iMrs. Ballt(,who has been puite ill, butis now improving.--Helen Louise Frank and RobertBowen Frank, the "bright twin children of Mr. and Mrs. Robert L. Frank.entertained a number of their youncfrf.nii rru,irc,1ov , 7. t-f ". 1'friends Thursday evening in honor of'their tenth birthday.Mr. and Mrs. Thos. H. Jones, -ofLucerne, Mo., are the guests thisweek at the home of Mr. and Mrs.Harry Ogle, on Cypress street. Mr.and Mrs. Jones will leave Saturdayfor Chicago for a sh6ft visit beforereturning to their home.Dr. Milton Stern, of New YorkTarrived m the city Saturday fromNew York, where he has been located several months in the practiceof Jiis profession. Dr. Stern who is ason of Mr. J. A. Stern, of this city,contemplates the opening of an officein this pity.Prof. J. A. Sharon, "Superintendent of the Newport public schools;was a visitor in Paris Saturday, theguest of friends. Prof. Sharon, whowas formerly at the head of ths ParispubRc schools, has eight schools inthe city of Newport under Ins supervision, and reports each of them to bein a flourishing condition.Handsomely engraved invitationshave been received by a number oflocal Masons as follows:f Lexington Lodge Number OneFree and Accepted Masonslequesp the honor of your presenceat itsk One Hundred and Twenty-Fifh' Anniversary Celebrationto be held at Lexington, Ky.,Monday, November the Seventeenth,Nineteen hundred and thirteen.Jess Rozzell, W. M.John W. Lancaster, Sec'y JThe Lexington' Leader says: i-ur. ana Mrs. Charles Berryman en-tertained at Elmendorf Saturday eve-Jning with an informal buffet suDDer iana dance for about twenty of theirfronds. The table had beautiful "dec-orations or nowers ana anmenu was served."Among the guests were:elaborateMr., andiirs. Ueorge Hunt, Mr. andMrs. Edward L. Hutchison, Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Elliott, Mr. and Mrs. ClarenceLeBus, Mr. and Mrs. J. N. Camden,of Sprang Hill; Mr. and Mrs. ThomasMcDowell, Mr. and Mrs. Clay Goodloe,Mrs. George Delano, of ,Fall River,Massachusetts; Mr. and Mrs. AndrewLeonard, Mr. and Mrs' Howard McCorkle, General and Mrs. Roger Williams, Miss Isabel Clay, Mibs Wilhelmina Goodloe, Miss. Mary MasonBrown, Miss Kate Alexander, of Paris; Mr. Isaac Leonard, Mr. GarlandBarr, Mr. John Payne, Mr. Henrynimnon TVT t. "11 n u. ,. T .!' v' i, wmuB' "" uto vumuj.Mrs. Calla Tyhomas Nichols enter-tained "with a pretty auction bridgeparty at her liome on West Eightfistreet Saturday afternoon. Therpwere tour tables of players. For thehighest score Miss Kate Alexander received the prize, an exquisite hand-inuuueu.uouar. Alter uie games adelightful luncheonMvas Served-on the"Siuui mnciieonMvas' rd tables The guestspresent wereMesdames Hugh Wortliington, WilHam Remington, Joseph M. Hall, Car-'lie Wilmoth, Withers Davis, Fayette 'Ardery, Thomas Buckner, Henry May,and W. G. McClintoek: Missf?; RnoliAl1 yiggins, Mary Fithian' Hutchcraft, !Kate Alexander, Elizabeth Embry and !ttancy Griffith. 'Mrs. Nichols also entertained a fewfriends -Thursday afternoon at theI home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J.w. Thomas, with a three-course lunch- jeon. in tue parior Anere iurs. rsicii -ols received her guests red clirystn,-tnemums were used witn pretty eiiectwhile in the dining room yellpw andwliite clirysanthemums were used forj the decorations. Mrs, Nichols Sras;j aea in entertaining Dy ner jnotn-er and .Mrs. Thomas Helmuiay.Those present were Mesdames Ford,r- i-orj. -Jueaei rvuuuiuru, ji., hand Mrs. Ollie pickson.of North Mid-i hall was decorated -ai tisticallyingreen, ferns and sniilax being usedwith pretty effect.Twenty-five couples participated inthe dance, the grand march beingled by Mr. and Mrs., Sidney G.Jlay.who introduced va large number of newand pretty figures.v The fa vored Couples were MissMaziePurcell, Lexington and Mri StahliopeWibdemannj Miss Elizabeth Steele.Mr. JtobertsBurnam, Hichmond; MissMr. and Mrs. WifliamKenney Fergu-sonrMiss Anne Howard, Harbeqn,iexington nndMr Charlton Clay, MissMary Leonard "Cassell' and Mr, EdwardStoll, of Lexington 'The music for the occasion was furnished by the Wright Saxophone Trioof- Lexington.During the intermission a delightful supper was served at Stout's Cafe.Those attending were: Miss Carolyn Roseberry and Mr. Hugh Ferguson; Mr. and Mrs. "William KenneyFerguson; Miss Elizabeth Steele andMr. Robert Burman, Richmond; MissMazie Purcell and Mr. Stanhope Wiedemann; Mr. and Mrs. Edward Prich.ard; Mr. and Mrs. Amos'Turney, Jr.,Miss Francis Clay and Mr. Holt Daniel; Miss Mary Mitchell Clay' and Mr.Reuben Hutchcrft; Mr. and Mrs. 'Clarence Kenney; Dr. and Mrs. M. H.Dailey; Mr. and Mrs.- Jos. M. Hall;Mr. and Mrs. Miller Ward; Mr. andMrs. J. S. Roberts; Mr. and Mrs. W.C. Ferguson; Miss Mary Clay and Mr.Janes Buckner; Miss Mary Woodfordand Mr. James Dodge; Miss RachelWiggins and Dr. C. G. Daugherty;Mr. and Mrs. Sidney G. Clay; MissElizabeth Crutcher and 'Mr. "HarryHortqn, Miss -Mary Leonard Casselland ''Mr. Edawrd Stoll; Miss AnneHoward Harbeson and Mr. CharltonClay; Mr and Mrs. White Varden;Messrs. Harmon Turner, Jack -Lisleand Smith Hayes, of Winchester.MOOSE HOLD SOCIAL ATLAST REGULAR MEETINGTher members of the local lodge ofMosse and a few of invitSd guests enjoyed a delightful evening last Thursday, at their regular meeting at theMoose hall in the Tucker Building.A social hour was enjoyed during'!;which a lunch of substantial was served and uring the evening dancing wasenjoyed. This was the first of a series of entertainment the Moose willgive during the winter.Notice To CreditorsNOTICE TO CREDITORS.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTC. C. Rash Admn , &c P Plaintiffsx Vs. 'NoticeMabel Rash, &c, DefendantNotice is hereby given that all creditors of the estate of Ed. Rash, 'deceased, are hereby directed to presenttheir claims proven as required bylaw, to the undersigned Master Commissioner on or before Monday, November 24, 1913, and that alL claimsnot presented to the said Commissioner by that said date, will be barred by'order of this court.c a. McMillan,Master Commissioner Bourbon Coircuit Court. (Nov. 11-18FalWFestivalConcertsxThe- Paris Grand !Tuesday, November-5, 1913 i0Afternoon at 2.30 o'clockEveninsr at S.15 o'clockSoloistsMR. MYR()NV. AVHITNKV TheEmineut Hasso.MISS MARGURITEThe Renov ned Piam&te.VALETINK.festival Orchestra' ALBERT H.f MOREHKADtor. ,Conduc-SCALE OF PRICESAfternoon,75;sEening, SI. 00; Sea-j son, $l.au.Subscription sale of seats Wednesdayand Thursday mornings, Xo ember 19thj aiicl 20th, at9 o'clock. -General sale ont Friday morning, No ember 21st, at 9o'clock. ferr , kSale conducted at the store of theHorehead Piano-Co.' 696 Main Street.(IiFoiMayf52.ji 2mjChocblate,'' Maraschino,m VanillaCaramel5rh For Saturday.Baldwind Bros., .rParis, 'Kentucky 5HubiqPiesGountryGobCakesNotice lo Creditors -,BOURBON .CIRCUIT COURT,'J. J. Piper's- Admn..,.&c. 'PlaintiffstjSVs.H. PiperNotice.&c. iW.Defendants.Notice is hereby given that all creditors o fthe estate of Ed Rash, deceased, arse hereby directed to presenttheir claims; proven as required 'bylaw, to the undersigned Master Com-misioner on or before Monday- Nov-emure ., ivxa, ana mat an Claimsnot presented to the said Commission"er by that date, will be baf red by order of this court.c. a. McMillan,Master Commissioner Bourbon CircuitCourt. (Nov. 11-18o-'MarketHouse,8th and Main Sts.No CreditNo DeliveryNo PhonesWc save 3 ou mone . Whynot. Our expense is not bigard we can sell cheaper. yOne trip to the Market Houseand ou are a regular customer. We sae jou so muchon each purchase that 3011don't mind piing the cashand carrying our ijoods home.50-lb can Pure Lard $6.2510-lb bucket Pure Lard. . . '1 50.. 1 5-lb bucket pure Lard 753-lb bucket PureJyard .45Sliced Break f.ist Bacon, 11) .25Sliced Ham, lb .., 22Country Butter, lb 30Go Ahere the crowd goes.M.J. Heller& Co.i2I:.J. T.R.t , t..? JJt.r . w"( .XAv'-(,.riS" -, 'V1AXS a.1If VYou ,:v'Vn:WoodrMantelsv-TJWood MlSlntels1 gr '-. "ViINew Fall GoodsNow Ready For Yonir '. Inspection .. - TAfter a three-weeks-Easfern markets, we. are inlargest and best selected stock ever shown by us.See the beautiful new ideas inSilks, Dress Goods, Challies, Velvets, Corduroys, Dress Trinimings, zndLaces,Neckwear and many novel accessories to make" your Falloutfit complete.. ' 'Ask to see pur non-shrinkable flannels for waists,shirts, &c. .We are agents for the following good lines HendersonCorsets, DeBevoise Brassieres, Wayne Knit Hosiery andEskay Kid Gloves.W Ed Tucker.cbsz: i-J mjimmmmmammmmmmmmimmmmmmmmI I1C UUCMV BHk"THE BABY tOLL SHOE,Jn JPatent, Colt, Cloth Top.Also the English Walking Sho"e in TanINand Gun Metal- -"We Have The Season's Newest.Geo. McI Phones 301-iH INT ONSPECIALOCEDAEMOPSTHIS WEEKs1.25See iOur Gomforts smdBlanketsDon'.tV Trade Here'Loose Money.'UndertakingH I & TONSAVES1 YQU MONEYUndertaking.search of the New York anda position to show you the '(OCIIMUUIi:Williams,I- C f- Vr IV 1 ca -IIC- 11 .VUI 1Ii.?r-$J5,XWe Bothi.-iEmbalnwntf issi& v'MllAnri11H.-: -". i5:J5a. X. -a.ti"Nvv3.sv.f 'r"- ';S-1I-1-N -,,J. W. DAVIS ,'Jb CO.)-lhJFrsgygg; jjgi wipr - wiismu'i? 7THE BOURBON NEW-fc PARIS, KENTUCKY NOVEMBER 11. -1913.ym-X-&., 4MILLIONS ANNUALLY"Tsysgsyw?-ajgttswfcVfcAnf4rA Carelessly Treated Coldis the source of most sickness because druggedpills, syrups and alcoholic mixtures areuncertain and unsafe.Scott's Emulsion Jias been relied upon byphysicians for forty years as the safe and sensibleremedy to suppress the cold and build up the-enfeebled f orces to avert throat and lung troubles.Don't tolerate alcoholic substitutes, but insistSCOTT'StEMULSIOHCM UVEA OH.LbsceTTiBOttraon the Genuine Scott's Emulsion. One bottle usuallylasts longer than a cold,I fmm w m mwLooking For a Place Where You1 Can Save. Money in BuyingHoliday NecessitiesHere is the pletce that can save you from 25 to 50per cent, on all your wants. We carry a full liofc ofMen's, Boys' and Children's Ready-to-Wear Clothes,3 v Consisting of Suits, Overcoats, Odd Pants, HuntingI" Coats, Etc. A full line ofdren's Footwear. Ladies Suits, Cloaks and bkirts,Misses' and Children's Dresses'. A nice assortmentof Holiday Jewelry and many Qther items too numerous to mention, in which we can save youmeney. Be sure and make this store your headquarters when you come ,to town. You will be convinced when you give us a trial.STAR CLOTHING HOUSE,J. ELVOVE, Prop.Oir Call Home Phone 360TheAmericanAddingMachine$. The Latest AdderCosts But $35See tour exhibit ask for10 days' trialHere isa newprice on a competent Adder. On a machine thatis' rapid, full size and infallible ,The very latest machine, builtby men who know how, in oneof the largest metal-working shopsIt is an individual Adder, to beplaced on one's desk, close to one'sfcok's and papers. To take theplsce of the central machine, requiring skilled operators.The price is due to utter sim-p'icity, and to our enormous out-put Seven keys do all the work.Each copied number isshown up for checking before the addition is made.The machine will add, subtract and multiply. With veryslight 'practice anyone cancompute a hundred figures aminute. And the machinenever makes mistakes.Countless offices, large andsmall, are getting -from these fmachines the highest class ofservice.NameCityStateManufactured nndZGuaraiiteed byAMERICAN CAN COMPANY, CHICAGOSold by Joseph Candioto Co., Lexington, Ky.Here Is the HogLexington, Ky.JttTJKBON REMEDY CO.,BaoloMd tmd photo of hog that wasf cholera with your Bourhti.X3kUr& Bxney. Tfcis ho wisMt 4u4 before uiinr it medilef4 tfcta was entirely crdf exceptImmv0 ear, tail, ete.The hog hi'mM by Mr. Skiles BspScr of B&w-ClfacOcejKyHeoppelad teTre y tpwwkl, aadwe can gotjMvecftl WMHQu want tkeai.-MfKINS4BTJBLBTT DRTJG 0..Every druggist has it. 1375il e.Men's, Ladies' and ChilNow we make this offer so thatoffices everywhere may lear whatthis machine means to them.1 0 Days' TestWe will gladly place in anyoffice one American Adder for aThere will be no ' obligation,ten-days' tesjt.and charges' will be prepaid.Combpare it with any non-lis'-ter-even, the costliest. Let anyone use it. See if any "machinecan serve better than this.Just send us this coupon andwe'll send the machine.Please send us an American Adding Machine for ten days' free trial."r 1p Street Addressmm mm.iff .xl"?KJ IVthe Lamp Oil thatSaves EyasJviit'ii"; " "inre imrortant in thett'pe Mum r'cir. tidy light. Insuretin-, hr suttiiir the oil that burnsckar vi ,,n without a flickerai n to tH 1 -t drop. Pi-nnsjlv.miaermte oil rtl 1 to perfection.'oN no mo-e fhnn the infcdoin' wnnn m'lv a es XOS ISY savesw Yvir d1..r has POLITE -OIL ihh rrsL? direct from our rorks.Chas. C. Stoli Oil Co.Lexington, y.HeniK-rjr at Warren. ta.U'e jell-(lie eMebrated "So Carfe"4 Anto Oil. '' '1To secure a merit badge in for-estry, hoy scouts are required, amongother things to identify 25 kinds oftrees. x ""One of the principal by-products ofthe nationaol forestry of Japan is furnished by mushrooms, which haveyielded in one year a Revenue of amillion dollars.Articles of clothing from wood-fiber are being made in Europe. Thematerial' for a suit costs' about fiftycents. Clothing made of this material, however, can not be washed.1 Qnpof the largest and most val, uae'' timber trees of the country is1 the ttilip tree, known to lumbermen asyellow poplar. It is related to themagnolias, ,but is the only tree of itskind in the world.The largest tree in the UnitedStates is said to be the "Mother ofPOULTRY NOTES.the Forest,", a giant redwood in the ferent processes of reasoning that aJ Calaveras big "tree grove in California, round hundred million dollars' worthIt is supposed to cqntain 140,619 board of grain is destroyed annually by rats.'feet of lumber. There are, however, This tidy sum is approximately suffi2 many claimants for the t honor of cient to feed and clothe a hen for eachm being the "largest tree" and the "old-' man, woman and child of our republic1 est tree," and these claims, according and outlaying territory. To put it dif-to foresters, can not always be veri-fied.Rjo de Janeiro is building a hotelthat will be, when finished in 1915,one of the finest in the world.Willhave .500 rooms.Edward G. Atcheson, whose discoverifis with t.hfi ilpp.trial fnrnnpo TinvAbeen of immense value to the indus-trial world, has been given an important decoration by the Czar.NO DANGERsOfMovingPictures DestroyingDrama.theIn the November Woman's HomeCompanion, Daniel Prohman, one oftht most famous theatrical managersIn America, writeB an interesting article entitled "The 'Movies' and theTheatre," in which he discusses theQuestion: Will moving pictures hurtthe drama? In the course of his article Mr. Frohman makes clear hisopinion that moving pictures are notgoing to hurt the theatre, but helplit- He says in part:"I believe the moving pictures willbe one of the agents by which people will be brought back to the theatre. For a time, perhaps, the galleries are being emptied, and most assuredly for a time such a condition isgoing to hurt the theatres, for a largepart of the theater's profit is in thegallery. But it is only a passingphase."The theatre is always going tostand as firm as a rock.Madame Sarah"Bernhardt, who is an enthusiast aboutthe moving picture, said to me notlong ago that the supreme human value of the stage, the very question ofwarm personality, with which the mechanical can never compete, will always bring the pendalum swingingback in favor of the theatre."There is much to be said for anamusement which a noor man canj have for ten cents. But that is no reason why the galleries of our theatresj at the present time are empty. As atheatre manager of some experience Ihave never yet found the question of?j price debated as reason for emptyj seats when the play was really wanted. Our galleries are largely emptybecause the people are not getingj the plays they want. What the averjage theatregoer has always objectedto was paying a disproportionate priceI for a poor seat and a poor play toI gether, when for ten or twenty-fiv,ecents he could sit down-stairs in amoving picture house and get something he may be really interested in.", A NIGHT OF TERRORFew nights are more terriblethan, that of a child choking andgasping for breath during an attackof croup, and nothing in the house tprelieve it. Many mothers have passed nights of terror in this situation.A little forethought will enable you toavoid all this. ' QJhamberlain's CoughRemedy is a certain cure for" .eroup,and has never been' known to fail.Keep it at hand. For sale by all dealers. (adv)Nov,.STOCK AND FARM NOTESWoodford Clay's yearling colt byStar Shoot, dam Banter, by Hand-;spring, died Friday at the Kentuckyassociation rtrack, in Lexingum, offever. NThe Winchester Democrat says:"Chas. Swift isold to Eli Dooley Saturday, nine 800 pound cattle at $6.70per cwt. He bought of Geo. Ilewis,twenty"-seven 640 pound heifers, at$5.75."C. M. Rose & Co. bought last weekfrom A. T. Tucker thirty 160 poundhogs for $7.00, also from J. W. Crewsthirty 130 pound hogs for $6.25,"T-Twor-rl 3 "VST 1 o -n V-11 rrlit P ,1 : ec terent parties 'in this county forcus Prewitt, of Montgomery, a doubleJ deck of hogs which cost from 6 3-4 to ,piiw ra - PP . to.quMte feet, charge for warehouseRichmond, Va. . over three stories high is abolishedThe 65.000 apples presented tothe Hardin county fruit grdwers bythe State Agricultural Department,for anti experimental orchard, havebeendistrihntAfJ nt . t.liR Hierh SMiftnlcampus, in Elizabethtown, where theytemporarily planted last spring.. . ti. .,. -i ,..: Ime trees are beingdistributed by ... . - .-,... 4the Hardin County Fruit Growers' As- ed even in unprotected towns. Here- Tri State check covers the real value of his cream. V-sociation, which has charge of the tofore the rates have been the sameon r. . . t. m.nil x, "itrees and will sell the fruit- by the buildings as their contents, but on ac- " Ifc 1S eaSy tQ S 1P Cream the Tn State' aS we use th6 sour ereafn-loads when the trees begin to bear", count of the nature of tobacco and its simply sending a can once or twice aweek, depending upon your facilitiesThe State Agricultural Department susceptibility to damage by smoke and for keeping it cool. " -willfurnish a horticultural expert . water as well as lire the board dppidpri -nw, ' -. i,t rinw- t,tni .. u" , ;rwithout cost to suDerintend the culti-vation, primming' arid spraying of thetrees for the next five years. TJieMuldraugh Hill -plateau is the best. ,.w 0 ""-o -... w. .. ,:,and the output of? the, orchard is expecd to be extra g6od in quality andiiiB-m quau-uyo- .Cost 'FarmersEach Year.Vast Sums.B. P. W. Thrope, of he staff ofFarm and Fireside, the national farmpaper published at Springfield, dhio,contributes to the current issues of' that periodical a most interesting arti-cle on grain-saving cribs, bins andgraneries. He shows how rat-proofstore houses of ample capacity can beprovided at low cost. On the subjectof the number of rats in our countryand the amount of -damage they do,Mr. Throupe presents the followingfacts 'as. a sort of introduction ta thespecific suggestions he gives as to howto build rat-proof rceeptacles forgrain:Uncle Sam has never attempted areliable rat census, but, taking thecountry over, we no doubt have a ratpopulation of twice or thrice the hun-dred-million mark."Some of our expert figuring sharpshave arrived at the conclusion of dif-ferently, each family of five couldi keeD a flock of five hens in Tilaop. ofits allotment of a dozen rats. The fivelion a -Ttrifh flia rrnnA sm-i.n imnnlln r. n! nnvaLa a 6n l- iAd on to flirniBh fifr ' ,won ofr;ri-. ffOaVt acrcrc fnf flirv hnmn ln1n .-......---. bb i.wx .ut xjixxkj laiun auuuaally."Let jne put this big financial proposition still differently. Two or threehundred million chicken-killine. dis-!f ease-carrying rats cost us an annualgram-tax or nve dollars a rmily. Ifexterminated and their living turnedover to a half or a third as many productive hens, each family, instead of afive-dollar tax, would have an eigh-teen-dollarincome. This would beequal to a credit balance of $360,000,000 for the nation. It looks as if ourrats have something of a corner ongrain, doesn't it?"Our rat poulation will thrive andmultiply just as long as we continueto harbor and feed them in ramshackel cribs and graineries and furnishthem haunts under wood-floored buildings, junk-piles and other secludedhiding places in which to multiply."Concrete floor and foundation wallsand supports of the same .material orof solid masonry, together with metalor wire-Screen lined bins and hVwill solve the rat problem. Keen the'rat in tbe open, bar his grain-supply,and he will be down and out."TONIGHT.Tonight, if you feel dull and stupid,or bilious and constipated, take adose of Chamberlain's Tablets andyou will feel all right tomorrow. Forsale by all dealers. ' (adv)Nov. ' .HIS TURN TO RING I(Atlanta Constitution.)He was not a 'very raDid wnnerand she was getting a bit anxious.a persistent ring came at the -frontdoor."Oh, brother!"can be calling?"she said. "Whobay you're out," he suggestedyjn, no, mat 'would be untrue," J&ue protested., "Then say you are engaged," heurged."Oh, may I, Charlie?" she cried asshe fell intov his arm's.And the man kept right on ringingthe door bell.SOLE AGENTS.- We are sole agents for the celebrated Wilson natural gas heaters.Nothing, better and our prices are allright. Come in and see them.C24-4t) LOWRY & TAJjBOTT.iiNPW RATCC erQ tut' ' FIRE INr.IIRANr.PThe State Insurance Board FridayAdopted a schedule,' of fire insurancerate for buildings used for vaTious iri-'dustries of the tobacco business to become effective December 1. The general reduction of the present rates onloose, leaf warehouses is 35 per cent.;on storage warehouses, 30 per cent.and on their contends 25 per cent.vn udme aiemmenes ana renanaiinghouses, 10 per cent, and on brick stem-meries and rehandling.hoAuses 25 percent.Basis rates on each $100 value oftue brick buildings were reduced asfollows : Storage houses and looseleaf houses, $lto 75 cents; prizing andreiianunng nouses and stemmeries, '$1.75 to $1,50, and drying houses $2 1to $I!75. To this rate 40 cents, in-'stead of 50 cents,, is added for frame wconstruction, and 15 cents, instead oil25 cents, for ironmlad construction on (a Wood skeleton; 5 cents, instead of J10 cents, for wood foundation, and the Ichange for brick-pier foundation is Jabolished. Excess charge over the ,standard area charge is cut from 3 'cent to 2. cents for each 2,500 square 'Cnnf ,-. 1."U 9 J! 1 ,Mar-(charge is made for area unless thebuilding is over 25,000 scmara feet thfexcess charge being formerfyi 10,000except in unprotected townsTbjf board will fix the charge, inStflrti. nf tllP OfMlriTMlTliQC! fny Jinnnrn ..rangefoients of boilers", flues. -electric.flvhiroc nr anv nthn. j)-i.i.,;r-7V ..,. """ -lLr"lX3 v'uuditions of'the buildines and difpot thchanges 'desired. The system of the- v J F v. VJW. W-.4.Ucumulative exposure charce is ahnlish-that rt.R onrhrr,lr f,ni; 7tected cities should be lower than onthe tobacco, and the rntps nr, i.nH -ings,were reduced 30 per cent, and ontiieii .uuwuia u per cent, p urtnerreductions', ate made for buildingsequipped with standpipes and chemi-cal extinguishersRodents. ty: Next'Why2ESE. M. WHEELER FURNITURE CO.Robncd Building, Cor. Main' and 8th.LSee the name "Cole's" on theof each stmve. None genuineKindness, courtesy and punctuality,Endeavor we to give you. ,Leas money, good quality, 'Long weight; and anyEncouragement we appreciate.Ring 715 and 106 and we will'Send your order and our thanks.Keller Grocery Company:ilGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EIBALIEB..BOTH 'PHONES DA" 137; NIGHT 399.Spot CashButter Fat for Week Ending November 9, 33gi eU yur cream to the Tri State Butter Co., Cincinnati, O., the .' Creamery that put poor old Elgin'down and out, so far as prices is con-J' cerned. Our p'fice week ending Oct.The Tri Etate is not an experiment, but, is a RESPONSIBLE -and."l . , r.m .., n ,. J x. . -'f&ijj - JHi ana i-iiiJttiuAiiiu r vjreamery wun tuuu snippers in tnree state- 1 an a caPital stock of $75,000 paying Spot Cash for' every shipment -SijSs?I Tll 7r-17Vf nt -kll KncinfiCi nnKntr linn Vnnn i-n. ncnVtllnV. n -,t' 4LHon f QTianinf rQCnnnoihiitl ,,i,-.. . Wo-m vum-..;! semirifv nf mir SAFR AND PRRMATvJF.TM mssecurity of our SAFE AND PERANETN market gives the shipper- a-fonlitur rf rolicf nnfl coticfonf inn nnfj..yj.i, wi ivuvi. "" kj,ii..'. ..shins. The Tri State, shipper is alwavs sure of his monev and sure hisXJW-wlua iUl u""lJ ""J- "llttlthere 1S. any further information!TheTri State Butter Co., Cincinnati0Q.Capital Stock 50OO.,A cold house in the morning.VThe children whimperingand chilly. "thing the doctor.take this chance?,Cole's OriginalHot Blast Heaterwill maintain an even temperature inyour home day and night. The greatestfloor heater known.Burns soft coal lignite hard coalor wood.The fire is never out from fall tillspring in this great heater and fuel saver.It will cut your, fuel bill in half.Come in and see it. It is worthyour while.feed doorwithout itfor Cream19th being 32c. &fjB.wifV ,-r, .QW MUon mifcblj -.-w tiiiv.A-., u fnnlv fr-1ir Vnf fWPDV TT"XTr! V,a. 'uuij y-ij, i Jit-VJL Xliuu uvttlu B.cllt " "W" " " "desired write ns at once.'1JJtS.s'A- iii1&e47-A.V. iTt"ill'.1? rAJ&VMt for ItBY W. T. BROOKS.Job PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!urnStMi3'1K3EfiP5rTRE J9B RBOfflS OFTHE .,NewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOG .POSTERS,,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.4.. -4-atrVvLet us figure with you onon your riext work. Our facilities are the best, having .just installed two of the latest improved Chandler & . Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our typefaces.is new .and modernAre Softie Entries To The' Ghjcafq., ! v x Stock Exchange.. Entries vastly 'exceeding in numberany list heretofore compiled indicatedgrowing interest in the InternationalLive Stock Exposition, which occursthis year at Chicago, Kfov. 29th toDec. 6th. No such list of exhibits hasever before been prepared, nor for'that matter have the live stock proNEVOUS-DYPKPSIA - -' GA80R JNDIQE8TION"Pape's Pepsin" Settled Spur, Upset, ' Stomacn in Five Minutes.Time it! Pape's Diapepsin will digest anything you veat 'and overcomea sour, gassy or out of order stomachPurely within five minutes.If your meals don't fit comfortably,or what you eat lies like a lump ofD. D. D. & Hospitals;Standard Skin Carelead in your stomach.or if you haveducers of the North American conti-; heartburn, that is a sign of indiges-the Bourbon new,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable arid madeknown on application.fcUUWiWiUiiUilkSnent previously manifested such concern in the future of that industry.Every department of the expositionwill be full; interest being manifestedalike in horses, cattle, hogs andsheep.The spectacular side of the exposition will be as prominent as the practical. A series of evening attractionsof unique character have been prepared and there will be no lack of en.tertainment to maintain the essentialequilibrium. Equipoise has alwaysbeen, a characteristic of the "International," and the management intends'to attain the standard of perfectionin every department on this occasion.Interest in the draft horse, insteadof waning is growing and the nightlyI horse fair will excel even the superbequine display of former years.In swine and sheep the breeders ofthe United States and Canada promiseto eclipse all previous efforts. Wisconsin and Ontario, as usual, willmake a steller display, and the Western grower will again demonstrate themerit of range product.Current and threatened beef scarcity renders the fat cattle display ofmore than usual interest this year.That the beef industry is "comingback" will be effectively demonstratedand feeders will be furnished with numerous object lessons on the subjectof economy in production. In otherwords, the master feeders of the country will show and tell how they do it.If you miss the 191i InternationalLive Stock Exposition you will be theloser. ition.Get from your pharmacist a fiftycent case of- Pape's Diapepsin andtake a dose just as soon as you can.There will be no sour risings, nobelbhing of undigested food mixedwith acid, no stomach gas or heart-How many hospital patients, suffering1 the frightful itch, the raw scorching' pain of skin disease, have beensoothed to sleep by a soothing fluidwashed in by the nurse's hands?That fluid is the famous D. D. B.prescription for eczema.TSE SUTEMTJSIMQ SUJCSS of oneof our prominent Catholic institutions(name of nurse and institute on application), writes regarding a patient."The disease had 'eaten her eyebrowsaway. Her nose and lips had becomeburn, fullness or heavy feeling in the I disfigured. Since the use of p. D. D.DECLARE WAR ON COLDShead, dizziness or intestinal griping,aches, dizziness or intestinal griping.This will all go, and, besides, therewill be no sour food left 'over in thestomach to poison your breath withnauseous odors. 'Pape's Diapepsin is a certain curefor out of order stomachs, because ittakes hold of your food and digestsit juse the same as if your stomachwasn't there.Relief in five iminutes from, allstomach misery is waiting for you atany drug store.These large fifty-cent cases containenough "Pape's Diapepsin" to keepthe entire .family free from stomachdisorders and indigestion for manymonths. It belongs in your home.(adv)QUARANTINED.About Thirty Families in WinchesterAre Included In Order.A crusade of education which aimsthat common colds may become uncommon within the next generation,has been begun by New York -physicians.Here is a list of "dont's" thatthe doctors say will prevent the annual visitation of the cold:"Don't sit in a draughty car.""Don't sleep in hot rooms.""Don't avoid the fresh air.""Don't stuff yourself at meal time.Overeating reduces your resistance."To which we would add when youtake a cold get rid of it as soon aspossible. To accomplish that youwill find Chamberlain's Cough Remedy most excellent. Sold by all dealers. . (adv)Nov.DEPENDS ON THE TEACHERSilicus I believe that any man, nomatter how diffident he may be, canlearn to make love.Cynicus Undoubtedly, ifl the girlmakes the lessons easy enough.When Paris, France, adopted Greenwich time not long ago an electriclight station was caused to gain $20,000 a year, according to an estimate.The reason lies in a difference of timeof burning electric lamps. Greenwichtime of 5 o'clock corresponds to 3:10Paris time, for instanced Lamps areturned on according to the amount ofdaylight, but offices close at a fixedhour. Should an office close at 6b'clock, it is evident that the lampswill have burned ten minutes-longer,'owing to the change "Over to Greenjwich time. The extra amount of current is naturally paid for by the user.JUDGE TRACY RULES INBURLEY ELECTION.A conference continuing throughout Friday morning was held at theoffice of Allen & Duncan, in Lexington, between Judge F. M. Tracy andthe attorneys interested in the BurleyTobacco Company election; whichwas begun on Thursday afternoon.In addition to Col. John R. Allenand Henry T. Duncan, Jr., the present administration of the companywas represented by D .L. Pendleton,of Winchester, and R. C. Simmons, ofCovington. The opposition was represented by John T. Vest and J. G.Tomlin, of Walton.A number of questions were submitted to Judge Tracy for his rulingin the conduct of the election whichiB for the selection of a board of directors of the Burley Tobacco Company,the directors of the Burley TobaccoSociety now acting in that capacity.The rulings were made as of theKenton Circuit Court, and were asfollows : ,"No stock can be voted except bypersons, or their proxies, 'who werethe owners recorded on the books ofthe company on October 7. This ruling means that purchasers of stocksince that date must not only be inpossession of the certificates with theendorsement showing the transfer,but must also hold the proxy of theperson in whose name the stock appeared on the company 'records October 7."The names of all persons claimingthe right to vote in person, were taken at the meeting Thursday. Theyruled that should other persons whowere not at the meeting Thursday,apear at the election on Tuesday andestablished the right to vote stock,they shall be permitted, to do so.The question as to whether proxiesgiven to any one of the numerouscounty committees, may be revoked,was not passed upon by the court.The question as to how stock shallIbe, voted, when held by a a committeeor more than two persons in theevent of a disagreement among themembers of the committee was notpassed upon. In some cases proxiesare held by committees of three, andthe question is still open as to whether two members of the committee canvote the stock represented by thewhole committee.UThe most sweeping quarantine evermade in Winchester was issued Friday by Health Officer I. H. Browne,when he placed under quarantine allthe residents on Hill street, betweenPendleton street and Mutual avenue.About thirty families, mostly those oflaborers, are included in the territory.The order from the Health Boardmeans that the residents of the territory must not go out of their yards unil the ban is lifted. The other peopleof the city are notified that measlesand smallpox have broken out in thatterritory and are warned to stay away.her eyebrows are growing, her noseand face have assumed their naturalexpression,"How many eczema sufferers are paying their doctors for regmlar treatraent and are being.-treated with thissame soothing-, healing fluid?2X. GXO. T. MKMAMDMOM franklyC, E. BUTLER & CO., - - fwrites "D. D. D. U Mperfer'Sthing I have ever found. Sctsoothing, yet & powerful agitTo do the work. D. D. D.tion must be applied.vdiretlom given in thearound every bottle. Follow Omm directions and see!And it certainly takes awsylfc Mek.at once the moment the liuUl Je applied. The skin is sootked wOomso 'thoroughly refreshed 4ettfffctfriftjtcooled. 1Ail druggists of staadlag fcaviamous specinc as well as tb. u. D. Skin Soap.But we are so confident of tit iits of this prescription that w m'refund the purchase price e (the! &full size bottle if it fails U rwKfyour ciuso. iuu auouo are to jmmXHOG KILLING.Professional CardsI am prepared to butcher your hogsand render your lard, at reasonableprices. (' P. M. HELLER.(4-3t) E. T. phone 39.Strayed.TIREDOUT, NERVOUSAND DISCOURAGEDTona Vita Will Bring ack Strengthand Ambition Almost at Once.No time like the present to get well.If you are run down, with" littlestrength or ambition, don't put off doing something about it another day.You owe it to yonr family, yourfriends and yourself to throw off thisdull, dragging, nervous condition.Tona Vita is what your systemneeds. This great medicine is nowrecognized as the National Tonicand is endorsed by physicians generally. Tona Vita will build you up in afew weeks' time. Don't be nervous,depressed, half sick a day, longer.Get it today. If you have lost flesh'weigh yourself aftertaking it a week.You will be astonished by the weightyou have gained.Tona Vita is sold' by Chas. E. Butler & Co. (adv)Strayed to my place on Houston &Antioch pike, a sow. Owner can havesame by proving property and payingcharges.JULIAN FRANK.FORRENT.Desirable residence on corner ofVine street, and Stoner Avenue. Apply toW. H. ANDERSON,(4-3t) Paris; Ky.A goose, twenty-five years old,owned by Hezekiah Senft, Klapbordschettel, York county, is still layingas many eggs as any other member ofthe flock. Except the loss of oneeye, sustained some years ago, thevenerable fowl is as sound as anygoose could be.Dr. Wm. Kenriey;PARIS, KENTUCKY. 1 vOffice 514 Main StreetVumce rnones j Home 136wAe;onnA S E. T. 334.Kesidence j Home 334.rRjA. ji kjellLek,I Practicing Physician, .Offices, RoomsParis4 and 5, Elk's BkTgKentuckyI J. WIL.UIAMS,O . ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.NERVOUS AND SICK IEADACHESHEIR TO FORTUNEIs Railroad Engineer Who Resides inPaducah.Located through a newspaper article and the sharp eye of a mail clerkwho rented him a postoffice box, Albert Shelton, of Paducah, a railroadengineer, has received the informationleft there by a New York detectivethat he is the sole heir of AlbertWhite, his uncle, a Canadian brewer,'living in London, Ontario, and possessed of no other relatives. Shelton knewof the uncle, -but had never seen him.White has no, other relatives. He isan aged man and reputed tp be worthfifty millions at a rough estimate.Shelton got into telephone communication with the people looking for him,and will depart this week for Canadaand his "fairy tale" uncle.An association of English poultrymen who send about two j hundredthousand eggs to London' each weekare candling them with X-rays.HERO OF TWO WARSAble To See Statute of Himself Louisville Citizens Honor Castleman.With the unveiling Saturday in Louisville of a statute of General JohnBreckinridge Castleman, veteran oftwo wars and long a leading citizenof Kentucky, the residents of Louisville paid unique honor to him.Ceremonies, attended by thousandsof his fellow citizens, were staged beside the statute, which occupies a commanding position at the entrance toCherokee Park.The statute, one of the few evererected to a person during his lifetime,is of bronze and shows General Castleman in civilan garb, seated on his famous bla'ck mare Caroline. Thesculptor is R. Hinton Perry, of NewYork.The Lieutenant Governor, the Mayor and several other public men spokeat the exercises and a letter fromHenry Watterson, whose absence in"Europe prevented him from delivering the principal address, was read."General Castleman was a Major under Morgan in the Civil War andheaded an expedition which soughtthe delivery of Confederate prisonersin Illinois and Indiana, but was captured. The parole given him was revoked by former President Johnsonand he lived for a time abroad. Hevolunteered for service in the warwith Spain and was discharged as aBrigadier General, declining an ap-Lpointment of the same rank in the regular, army, tendered by former President McKinley..For years he has served, exceptduring occasional Republican municipal administrations, ,as President ofLouisville's Board of Park Commissioners. He is credited with havingdone -more to eive Louisville its splen-. The election will take placer Tuefi- did system of .parks 'titan any otherTorpid liver, constipated bowels anddisordered stomach are the causes ofthese headaches. Take- Dr. King'sNew Life Pills, and you will be surprised how quickly you will get relief.They stimulate the different organsto do their work properly. No betterregulator for the liver and bowels.Take 25c. and invest in a box today.At all druggists "or by mail. H, E,Bucklen & Co., Philadelphia pnd SJt,Louis. s-Nov - (adv)I Room ltElks Bail diner.KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY. ULeave Lexington Leave ParisFor Paris for Lexingtom6.00 a m 6:45 a m7:20 a m 7:30 a m. .8:00 a m 8:15; a rt8:50 am - 9:00 a m10:20 am - 9:45 a n.11:50 a m 11:15 a m1:20 p m ' 12:45 p. m.5:20 p m 2:15 p m3:30 p m 3:45 P m4:20 p m 4;30 p Q5:00 p m 5:15 P a.7:20 p m 6:45 p a9:10 p m 8:15 p11:00 p m il0:05 p r ,Pally except Sunday.'CUCKOO BIRD WORSETHAN PORCHrCLIMBER.MMMMMitittlllHliliThis is the season and almost the ! 21.1 . 11.. 1 . - j n.;rnour 01 me cuckoo in inngiana, ior itsounds in British ears the earliest noteof spring. In that harsh and inhospitable clime men at this season listten for the note, as soldiers besiegedlisten for the coming of troops to therescue. Should any man to-morrowbatch the coveted sound in the remotest district he would hurry a telegraphic dispatch to some great paperin London, announcing the fact. Andhappy would that journal be to forestall the rest in hearalding the goodnews. It means so much to the Englishman to have the winter over andgone, one cannot wonder at the interest felt by all classes in the arrival ofthis bird, a sure and unfailing; harbinger of spring. But woe betide theman that makes a hoax of the matter.Some weeks ago an evening paperpublished in London the coveted announcement which was copied into allthe leading papers next morning. Instantly the Balkin War was forgottenand all else laid aside for the nonce,while London became two great campsdebating pro and con the questionwhether or not the report could betrue.The bird arrives in a hurry, arranges the matter of its errand in a hurry,can be detained but a short time andis son off again to climes furthernorth. The same hurried movementsthere take place, and before the middle of August this messenger from thefar South has returned to England andeven started on its migration to itsdistant winter home never to be seenagain till the following spring.What of its nestings? Well mayithe question be put, for they havebeen left behind to follow as best theycan. All the reproachful things aretrue to the letter that have been saidabout this bird, though not of its cousin on this side of the water. Cuckoosdo not mate; they have no homes,build no nests, arenever seen inpairs, hatch no eggs, rear no fledglings, but contrive to have these services rendered by others with a shrewness almost beyond belief. Nothingcould induce the mother bird to riskbeing caught upon another bird's nest.She selects always the nest of a birdmuch smaller than herself, lays an eggupon the ground enormously small fora bird so large, takes it in her bill andsecretly conveys it to the nest she haschosen. If the eggs in the nest aretoo numerous she will not hesitate toremove as many as she likes. Sheknows, too, what her offsprings will dothe moment" it is out of its shell. Not'only is it larger and stronger than therest, but seems restless till it hasejected all of them from the nest. Itsback is hollowed between the should-rs for this purpose. It can work un-er an unhatched egg or a fellow nestling, lift the egg or bird to the edgeof the nest, and by a peculiar jerksend the burden off its back tumblingto the .grounds Left alone in the foster home it has a little, food; -rwtxeastrong and-sfc little later will follow itsVogueClpthesL3 FOR8 Young CentleraenS A Special Feature with us.iSuits andOvercoats$18.00 to $20.00King Quality ShoesMen and BoysForHiggins S FiannaganDoyle BuildingOct 3 tfFor Sale Privately !Two Small Fann,No. 1 My farm on the Georgetown,pike, adjoining the city limits of Paris,cfontaining about 192 acres, subjectto survey. This farm would make mulideal place for a" dairy and trdck garden farm, being less tljan oae-halfmile from Main street., and has a ,mile frontage on Eighth .street amiGeorgetown pike. There is oa thplace a four-room cottage ia. goe3condition, cistern, dairy, corn crii aai. sother outbuildings, also a new lt-acrtobacco barn which can easily fcused for a stock barn.No. 2 Three and one-half aores ml. .Gano street, in the city ol 'Pr ,with a good 3-room house aad gom.barn on it. This .place has feee. uMi,as 'a truck -garden for a qqnJntyears, and offers a good chaaot c' acheap home or investment.Possession -given March 1, ltlJ.Apply U .mo. rassbkiwss;(- ' ' .J Jjr 4jiJ -, .J'-.LJ. '- - . , ' -iw.-'- " .'"' .Itf t - a.."i.J Ait.,.. " iJsvW&&$?&-.&fr.b;-irV 4.vvV4g. .y'j -'SCstjV Muwwrltvwjt'M)nkVAu4i4rMtfta)Mir'V- !i5 i'iS jXSpNttfVrjf! rD--oifjH ii .. tVh.XT..t ..1 1'Tt1dt-P.&w'K-kr-4 .PS OF MULERSBI;tjHr. D. B. Jones is in Cincinnation business. - ,Miss Elizabeth Ingels was ir exington,tFriday." tfrs. Y. L. Marshall wa in LexJjagton .Friday.Mrs. W. V. Huffman is visitingrelatives at Paris.Mr. Aaron McConncli is in Cin-V- cinnati on business.Mr. Joel W. Mel:, lias returned- 'from, a business tri; 10 Ashland.Mrs. Nettie Gardner, of Paris, is-v the' guest of her-daughter, Mrs. E. B.Taylor. 'i -Mr. Albert Vaught, oft Parker,-- "Ind., "was the guest of Miss Belle Tay-' lor Judy, Sunday., , Mr. R. L. Tarr and family left"Tnursday'for a visit to relatives atOlatlia, Kansr' ,' -r-Miss- Liliie Letton, of the M. F .C,visited her liome te Moorefield from"Fridtay until Monday.Mrs. E. V. Price and little son,.of Shawhan, was the guest of Mrs.i. Bussell Mitchell, Friday.Mesdames J. B.Cray and daughter, Mrs. 4 Clarke Leer, Jr., visitedrelatives in Carlisle, Friday., Mrs. Martha Baldwin, of Mays1 ville, arrived Saturday as the guest ofher daughter, Mrs. E. H. Kerr.Mr. and Mrs. R. O. Chambers, oft "Paris, were guests of their son' anddaughter, Mr. and Mrs. R. M. John-son. '(Mr. and Hrs. John Canady have4HELEN DiRDNERIltf: '"ft Sister to carmen."Alamo TheatreTO-DAYTUESDAY, NOVEMBER lUh,A Romantic Tragedy of the Pyrenees in 4 Parts.- A picturesque portrayal of love -'and traeredy in aSpanish village on the hordersJ ' Masterpiece of photography, costuming and stage effects. 2J Beautifully and artistically portrayed.5 Miss' Ward will sing at each performance.was 3Wgsoogeess(f3g$ f msiYourfOur big purchase sale brings you the greatest bargains iri shoes andrubbers. Never before, at this early in the season; when these shoes areat their greatest demand, have we offered you such tremendous values.SATURDAY AND NEXT WEEKWe offer to our customers the Best Valued Footwear at Record-Breaking Low Prices. - Convince yourself againSaturday why we are known as the greatest bargain-giving Shoe Store. .'-'$3.50 Ladies' Cloth Tops.$3.00 Ladies' Gun Metal$3.50 Ladies' Suede English Toe$4.00 Ladies' Tan English Toe;.$4.00 Ladies' Patent and$2.50 Ladies' Gun Metal,JL..A--X3D. i ,.- XHEmoved from their farm on theMays-Yiiie pi.e tio jtrtib. iM.r. j. j.. ramu.and family moved Thursday sfrom theproperty of Mrs. G. F. Jones on Vimont street to the farm' of Mr. J. W.Canady, on the Mays ville pike Mr.and Mrs. Commodore Grinnell movedthe same day frm the property ofMisses tGrifBtli, on South Main street,to Paris. ,j. Mr. H. B, Miller left Friday forhis home at Atlanta, Ga., after a protracted visit to his brother, Dr. W. M.Miller, and family.Mrs. M. E. McEppull left' Saturday for her home at Maysville, afterspending a week with Dr. F. A Herbert and wife.Mrs. Elizabeth Taylor , has returned to her home at Piqua after avisit of several weeks'to her son, Mr.E. B. Taylor, and family.Rev. J. D. Redd, of the Methodistchuroii, and-Dr. C. C. Fisher, of theM.F. C, left Monday lor the AntT-SaloonLeague convention at Columbus, O.Dr. McClymonds, of Lexington,was the guest of Dr. W. G. Dailey ata six o'clock dinner Friday evening.Dr. McClymonds had visited a patientat Carlisle and visited Mr. J. J. Peedwhile here.Mr. S. M. Allen paid a few daysago to Mr. Stanley Gault for the Liverpool, Globe and London Fire Insurance Co., the amount of his policy,$1,400, on his house and household effects, recently destroyed by fire.Mr. William Becraft, while driving a sow from "his cornfield a fewdays ago was attacked by the animaland had it not been for his faithfuldog he might have been killed. Theevmm232:ixiof France and Spain. A' 2BUTNOWFall and Winterand RubbersSOME OF1$2.49...$2,49$2.49":. $2.99Gun MetaLr..;..v.: $2.99low heel $1.99Satisfaction GaranteedKTsA.-M&&!:"&$hSCBOURBON . NEWS,w succeeded in getting him downbutMn the "fight with the dog she1moved some little distance from him,making it possible for him to, make"his escape. He sustained .but a fewslignt oruises.Miss Margaret Allen, Mr. Albert!vMofiit Mr. , Reese Ingels and Mr.Riggs, who united with theBaptistchurch last week,wereimmersedSunday1 night.Mr. R. M. Johnson sold on Saturday his cropvOf tobacco of about 4,000pounds, to his father-in-law, Mr. R.O. Chambers, at $15 per hundred, tobe delivered at Carlisle. This is thefirst sale of the season here. . .Mr. and Mrs. Earle Barton havemoved to a part of the residence ofMrs. Layinia Vimont, on Main street,from the home of his parents, Mr. andMrs. V. L. Barton, on the RuddlesMills pike. NOur community ws visited Sunday by one of the worst blizzards inthe memory of the oldest inhabitants.A light snow fell Sunday morning,which increased as the day advancedzard was coming from the west durand before night it had thoroughlycovered the ground. A regular blizing the night and day.Mr,Jules Falk, who 'gave a violinconcert at the chapel of the Millers-burg Female College under the auspices of the Y. W. C. A., last night,was greeted' with a large and appreciative audience, in spite of the inclement weather. ,Mr. Falk is wellknown to the musicloving neoDle oflillersburg, having given a concerton a previous occasion, and there wasno disappointment in the concert oflast evening, Mr.. Falk fca talentedmusician, and is always a welcomevisitor to Millersburg. ?Our town was .shrouded in darkness Saturday night. About 5 o'clockthe electric lights went -out, and itwas impossible to repair the plant soas to use it during the night. Thefault was found to be in the pump,which refused to work properly.However, it was placed in good condition Sunday and the lights are nowworking admirably. The plant wasinstalled in January, 1911, and Saturday was the first night that the"consumers have been without lights.On one occasion some months agothe lights were out of commission forabout an .hour, and with these two. ex--ceptionsthey have not given one bitof trouble, since the plant was installed. There are few small townsthat cab, lay claim to such a good record. Mrs. E. M. Ingels entertained. Saturday afternoon, from 2 to 5, a number of her lady friends at her beautiful home on North Main street, withprogressive rook. The guests werereceived by the hostess and her sister, Mrs. Templeman, of Carlisle.The color scheme was pink and whitewhich was nicely carried, out. Pinkcarnations were in great profusioniri all the roomr. There were fourteen tables tof rook, and a numberwho did not indulge in the gameswere present. Six games were played, .but no prizes were given. At theclose of the games ice cream, chocolate bon-borfs and egg kisses wereserved. Mrs. Ingels was assisted inentertaining by her daughter, MissElizabeth Ingels, Misses Liucile IJaileyLucia Butler, Alqta Wilson andothers.THE VALUES,Men's English Toe in WalhMen' Tan in the famous$4.50 Men's Tan "Shoes,$4.00 Men's Tan Shoes-v .- . ' ...$3.au men's bun Metal$3.00 Men's Gun Metal,by the Old Reliable House,COHENIHsMffBBBHBOBBBBp OTv , N. Zt .'s'&??4y:r' VRESTRAINING OR&ER-GRANTEb1N BREATHITT, CpNtEST CASE.Circuit' Judge L. P. Fryer, of Harrison "county, Saturday issued a temperrary restraining v order against "the1 T n w vnC TTITJ--i j-w f t-i- tv t ninfAtto y-uar" V? 1L1U" &h .,iedL"1L.L """ "?" ".J1 JYthe official vote of the vote cast at thelast election. The order restrains heboard from acion until the further orderder of the court. Arguments onthe order, to show cause wliy an injunction should, not be issued, will beargued before Judge Fryer on Monday, November 17.Judge Fryer was appointed a special judge by Gov. McCreary, to sit inthe contested Brathitt- county election, which affects JudgeHugh Riddleand his opponent, Judge James P.Adams, who were candidates fof thecircuit judgeship. x xThe restraining order was, firstasked for in the count of the vote forthese two candidates, the friends ofJudge Riddell bearing that his smal1majority might be wiped out, shouldthe board throw out certain precinctreturns.After Judge Fryer granted the restraining order in the judgeship contest, Judge Riddell applied for and obtained a similar order applicable totn? other county offices.BEST ON THE MARKET.Natural gas is here. We have theWilson Heater and Favorite RangesThey are the best on the market. Letus show them to you.(24-4t) LOWRY & TALBOTT.GAS RANGESJust received, a carload ofNew Process Gas Ranges,at A. F. Wheeler FurnitureCompany, opposite Courthouse. tfParis GrandSaturday,November15NORTON & LAMBERT -OfferThe Seasou's SensationThe GirlAndThe StampedeA Beautiful Western DramaFull of dainty sentiment, with heartbeats and throbs of thrilling situations,bristling with newness, with truth andsounb reasou.See theCowgirls,Xovbys, Indians.Special Sceuic EffectsAn unusual play that is worth while.Seats at Mitchell & Blakemorc'S.Prices 25c, 35c, 50c,. 75c.?- Over$4.00Walk - Over. . V $4.00Viscal Sole ..;. 1 $3.25.., $2.99- --and Box Calf $2.99,button $1.99NShoes 1Bk'7i;v . '&- .'-rWvv: -& - -.,f I . , ' . ' - ' I III", !- Z 1L 'How to Dieted the;Alum Baking Powder lII"Which are the alum -baking powders;how can I avoid them unless they are named?'asks a housekeeper., Here is one way: take the can of a low?priced powder in your hand and read theingredient clause upon 'the back label Thelaw requires that if the powder contains alumthat fact must be there stated. If you findone of the ingredients named alum, or sulphate of aluminum, you have found an alumbaking powder.There is another and a better way. Youdon't 'have to know the jiames of the alumpowders. Use Royal'Baking Powder only;that assures you a cream of tartar powder,..and thevpurest and most healthful bakingpowaer Deyona question.leaf tobacco quantityReport is delayed.The Census Bureau has completedits canvass of the quantity of leafto-acco on hand on October 1 last. Asyet, however, the Bureau has been un-able to announce the result, but tabu-nations are proceeding and it is staled.hat the statistics will be .made publicprobably November 15.Director William R Harris of theCensus Bureau, said today tha muchiifficulty is being experienced in thecollection of the data because manydealers either intentionally or wilfullyneglect "to "make the ensus reports until they are repeatedly reminded ofthe requirements of the law, and insome cases it has been necessary tothreaten to enforce the penal provisions. The law requires that these-reportsshall be made to the GovernmentApril 1 and Octoberl eachyear.When the law first became effective" wncs nrnorv to spnd special agentsino the field to enforce compliance,ny ueirtyt a the work and also entailed much expense of an unnecessary nature. "Recently, however, thedealers and manufacturers haveshown more willingness to complywith the law. ,SAVING THE DAY."A bad mess," declared the juniorpartner. "Lot of urgent mail to beanswered and the typewriter has justleft." . ,"The office boy is always foolingaround that machine," suggested thesenior partner. "Put him in now.andlet's see what he can -do as a pinchhitter."MR. BRYAN'S PAPER,THE COMMONER.Through the columns of The Commoner Mr. Bryan meets the attacksof those who are opposed to Democratic Teforras, as well as the clevermisrepresentations made by the organs of special interests. As an exponent of the plans and purposes ofthe national Democratic administration, The Commoner, is of unusual interest to all progressive citizens. Mr.Bryan's signed editorials give a timely discussion 61 public questions andare interesting and valuable to allstudents of governmental affairs. Itis a big 32 page monthly. Besidessupplying the best political and general matter, it has interesting Home,Fashion, Farm, Cartoon and otherdepartments. A carefully preparedreport of the work of the variousmembers of the President's Cabinetis especially interesting to each taxj payer. The subscription price isi $1.00 a year. "j Manv of our readers are alreadysubscribers to The Commoner? manymay desire to be. To make it convenient as well a3 inexpensive to ourreaders -to send subscriptions to TheCommoner we have arranged withMr. Bryon to furnish his paper to ourour readers at a- special, low rate.Only $2.25 pays for a full year's subscription to this paper and The Commoner. It aireaay a suDscnoer toeither nauer your expiration datewill be extended one year.yciated:Victor-Vjctrola XVI$200 and $250Victor-Victrola X .$ VSOther stylqoi-Victor $10 to 1Q0-ComeYoiiVictrolawish.? iDiiiikeifyt',Jl5&a., lnr- ulrit 'I 'JDECLARES DISTRICT FORTUBERCULOSIS SANITARIUMThe State Tuberculosis Commissioi:met In Frankfort, Saturday, and de-'blared tree new districts for tuberculosis sanitariums, Fayette, Henderso.and nhristinr, rmmHoe 4i an favor nf tnMihinW cif;n .the rennt pTpph Tho nnmra?0c,-n.has instituted a campaign in Daviesscounty in an effort to induce j.cal Court to eptaWish a sanitarium.For Sale.Four No. 1 fresh cows. If not soliprivately .will be sold at public saleSaturday afternoon, Nov 15 at So'clock at Murphy's stock yards.ll-2t JOHN S. WIGGINS.-LOST.A bird dog, white with black spots.Answers to name of "Miller.'V Reward if returned toHARRY ODEN HOLT, -Paris, Ky.MR. LEWIS A. RIFFLE tell4usexperience with coughs and coldsthat lead to nervousness and debility. Colds are oftenaggravated during the Summerbecause inactivetto-wels and astomach out oforder ate primecauses in Keeping a cold!' fromgetting -well.Pe-ru-na hasvery beneficiallaxative quali-ize such condi- Mr LewIs Rie'tions. Its toni6- ingredients tone uthe system, and thus invigorate thestomach's functions to normal activity. Mr. RifQe's experience is especiallyinteresting at this time of the year because it hows the close relationshipthere is between a nervous breakdown,and a neglected cold.Pe-ru-na should, be kept in the homeat all times, that a cold upon its firstappearance may be treated promptlyand successfully. This often savesmoney and time, and what is moreimportant, a, great deal of vitality.Mr. Riffle of 75S Gautenbein ArePortland, Ore., writes: "I have found.Pe-ru-na a most remarkable i rnedircine for building up the system andfor curing coughs and colds."I took it .for four weeks a' fe-w:months ago when I was all run down.nervous ana aemntaiea, ana it juicur.restored my health."I always keep it on hand, as a fairrdoses will cure a cold if taken In time"People who object to liquid 4 medicines can now, obtain Pe-ruaa,Tablets.iilfeiMiMere words can'tdo justice to the superb tone-quality ofthe Vict " Victroia.There is a charm in the cleap,s'weet, perfect ren.-!;tions thatmust be heard. . e aDnrc--an-d hear it today.can purchase a Victor--.on easy payments if youlerms to suit.Brqs..""' - ' - JmBlt(. -''.A