osa.THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR1VOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1913OVERLAND!1913COMPLETELY EQUIPPE$9S5.00:Self Starter Central Control Renvy Magneto Clear Vision Wind30Horsepover 110-in. Wheel Base Warner Speedeomter Shield5-Passinger 'J'c ar- Timkcn Bearings Mohair Top and Boot All Bright Partsing Cr Prebtolite Tank Tires 32x3 yz O. D. Nickel PlatedDEMONSTRATIONS SOLICITEDM. Jo LAVINDistributor For Bourbon CountyHghth and fVlain Streets, Paris, KentuckyOur Store Is Always Crowded,I WHY? Ixjy Because We Have the Quality of Gro- &w ceries and the Prices wWW O lbs. the Best jr - fjT$$ Granulated Sugar m' V-FVJ(With a $3.00 Purchase)2 Cans of Standard Corn 15c1 doz. Cans Standard Corn 75cSweet Potatoes, per ean -.- 1 OcHunt's Supreme Quality can Peaches 25cHunt's Supreme Quality can Pears 20cHunt's Supreme Quality can White Cherries .25cHunt's Supreme Quality can Red Pitied Cherries. . .25cPure Apple Jelly, 10c and 15c glass 8 1 -3 cSun-Dried Apples, per lb 7 cFancy Evaporated Peaches, per lb 1 OcPink Salmon, per can H OcMatches, 3 boxes 1 OcFancy Northern Potatoes, per pk 20c25-lb. Blue Ribbon Flour 80c50-lb. Blue Ribbon Flour $ 1 .60100-lbs. Blue Ribbon Flour $3. 1 5fancy Codfish and Smoked HerringFresh Fish Every Wednesday and FridayT. C. LENIHAIN.mCash. Grocery.Both Phones 234ftSt?J3fc?&3prfVrmwi'R H KrllllljIIIJIMONSuits,, Overcoats andMl Winter foods!mmKSpecial. All 50c Underwear 39c.Special. One lot $1.oo Underwear, 75c.P .Special. $2.00 and $3.00 Hats, choice for3.UU. OkX, snow WIIIUOW.Special. One lot of Young Men's Suits, black,sold from $6.00 to $1 6.50, choice? $3.75. Sizes 30 to 35.is& . Snorlaf Ono. Int Knoo Panhr Suite $1.50.sC - r -rOUtU IIUMI Pm.UU lu .po.uu.price & 60. ciotiiiersand Furnishers3W111SSPrIIHi8&jp:-Overland Model (L&TnPlans Launched for New Hotel.I'f the dans nowjjon foot materializeParis wiJl soon have a modern hotei,equipped after the fashion of those ofthe larger cities, an ornament to thebusiness section of the city and willfill a long felt want.Promoters at the head of the projectare pushing matters with all haste andit is hoped to have the tentative planscompleted in the next thirty days andNaefore the expiration of an option ontwo pieces of Mam street property,which it is said will be used asa sitefor the new building.At the nead of the movement areMessrs. Leer tout and Logan How-ain, two prominent business men ofthis city, and the proposition, whichwas launched Wednesday, is said tomeet with the hearty endorsement ofthe most substantial business men ofthe'town, who have pledged their support and will subscribe stock to theenterprise.Messrs. Stout and Howard Tuesdaysecured an option on the property ofMr. John Sauer, at the corner of Mainand Seventh streets, which he recentlypuichased with the intention of erecting a building; the lower floors to beused for business connerns and theupper poition of the building to bp divided into flats. .They have also anoption on the adjoining property ofMrs. Thomas Roche, which, togetherwilh that belonging to Mr. Sauer,gives a frontage on Main street ofabout 67 feet and extends back a distance cf 109 feet.The oution price on the property issaid to have been paid in cash by thosewho have taken the matter in handand they have thirty days to exercisetheir privilege of purchase.I is the plans of the promoters toorganize a company capitalized at$100,000 to Durchase the site and erectthe hotel building, the latter to represent an outlay of about S75.000." Ifthe plans materialize a building fouror five Etories high containing fromseventy-five to one -hundred rooms,equipped with every modern convenience. The lower floor space on Mainstreet will be divided between thehotel office and a store room. The latter, it is said, will be o cupied by Mr.Howard, with a grocery and meat market and will be run in connection withthe 'business of the notel company.Mr. Stout, who will be one of the largestockholders in tha concern, and whohas so successfully conducted a restaurant business for a number of yearswill have charge of the hotel.An active canvas is being made bythe promoters in their endeavors tointerest the business men of the cityand county in the proieci and from allaccounts they are meeting with a success far" beyond J:heir expectations.If those whohave been aDDroachedon the subject have signified their willingness to subscribe stock to the enterprise and on the fiist day the move'ment was announced a total of about515,000 was secured.High Prices for HemD.A dispatch from Danville says:"Hudson. and Davis have purchasedeight hundred, thousand pounds ofhemp of Jbioyle county farmers atS6.50 per hundred, and four hundredthousand pounds in iSourbon county atthe same price. The heniD acieage hasbecome very small, having beenalmost entirely supplanted bv the tobacco crop and prices are high."r-iSB).-,Ai."WE KNOW HOW"7Great ReductionsONinter SuitsS0w0V.s tANDv r"OvercoatsAnd All Winter GoodsWCome Early and Take Advantageof Reduced Prices.AsrSpecial in Rockers.Solid oak imitation leather seat sewing rocker, SI.25 up to $3.75tf A. F. WHEELER & CO.4?uee Our footweariIVIirrS-fl! & FSI?iknnrtrc.- - - - " M"""" -- - -tfParis, KentuckyOutfitters to Mera$$59 W$f Kfi&i && M55JI JWWMWMMfe.fM feX'fM JtlJtVM&'lVWlV.?Mfc5l?.ZM'WUr 'Vf UC 3A4T 3ML m. msiKiniiiiiiiiiiiiJ.'nnmriii (iiiiiininiiiiiiiiiniiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiuMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuirt3vv2sSheep Claims Allowed by FiscalCourf.At the regular monthly meeting ofthe Bourbon Ficsal Court yesterdayclaims lor sheep killed by degs duringthe year of 1912, amounting in theaggregate to the sum of 53.740.50were allowed and referred to the Auditor of Public Accounts at Frankfortfor payment. The amount greatly exceeds that of any orevious year, aridthe sum will be paid from the dog taxfund. CountyJClerk Patnn will referthe order of the court to the StateAuditor immediately and due noticewill be given the claimants when themoney is turned over to him for distribution. Judge Denis Dundon presided at themeeting yestcday with MagistratesL. J. Fretwell. E. P., Thomason, R.H. BurriB, J. J. Redmon, O. B. 'Lloyd,B. F. Stipp, J. N. Shropshire and G.K., Redmon present. Little businessof any importance was before thebody.The report of Road Supervisor C. F.Redmon was read and ordered madeof record. The Bum of $3,500 was appropriated for his use in repairing theturnpikes of the county for the monthof February. An order was enteredtor the purchase of a large quantity ofcorrugated culvert from the KentuckyCulvert Manufacturing Company, "theamount to be invested being $1,800.Dr. H. C. Pope was elected countyphysician to fill the position made vacant by the resignation of Dr. G. L.Rankin who removed from Shawhan tothis city, I he appointment of J. J.Redmon and L. J. Fretwell as a committee to investigate the cost of aheavy road grader was made bv JudgeDundon.. County Treasurer Silas Bedford wasordered to borrow the sura of $5,000from the Garth Fund, payable December 1, 1913, and beating 6 per cent interest. An order was entered instructing Judge Dundon, County -AttorneyBatterton and Squire Fretwellto invest the jjmoney on hand ibelonging to the Hamilton and Garth Funds.Jailer Joe Fairis made his reportfor the paEt three months whichshowed an overdraft of sixteen cents.After ordering the purchase of a booktypewriter .for use "in the office f oftlie clerk and'allnwinc claims to theamount of $1,211. 05 :-court adjourned.3?IvAFRANK & COSVThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.AnnounceNow Ready For Your Inspection a -Most:"'"; " Complete Stock ofDress Ginghams, Percales,Whhite Goods,uShirting,I IdlllJLJUl 9, Lali5 S'White and Colored Laces, $And a Large Variety of Novelty Wash Fabrics.iJsv?t Er-JBe Sure and See the Electric Line of Ladies9House Dresses Made in Percales and GinghamsPRICES, $1.00, $1.50 up to $2.50each.They Fit and Are yell Made inTSanitaryWork Shops.FR Aim 6c C., 1 1miinnunrmniii irtiniHHj KiniiiiiinMniiiiiuuiniininiiiiiiniiiimiiniiiMJJJjninnmniiiiiiMriWwiiStas!b jTMnnmT'-J'Mm Af4mmMMMMMmMMWMMMmmmm1ENTUCKY, FEBRUARY 71913ffIasm-aiIIII4mfSEfr A M SmwtBi id fAJMrlHHiflBMlBMHMYour Pall ShoesAre Here.They are new, seasonable and reasonable. The assortment is made upof the best styles of the world's bestShoe makers. The scope is so broadand the size ranges so complete youwill find your size in any make youdesire.yWe have also a full line of Misses',Children's and Boys' School Shoes inGunMetal, Patents and Tans.IGEO. McWILLlAMS,Phones 301Shoe Mani neL i i JBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.Bourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.u:S:fe. vk''i5vtomtototototoWest 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.id ooing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelanndry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo- fine work and itdever goes beck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, youreustomis thekind we want as we like to"appreciateeHE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year 2.00 Six Months. .1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar mat! er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.ANNOUNCEMENTS.Agricultural Bankof Paris.IWe wish to thank ourfriends and patrons forthe liberal patronage extended to us during thepast year, and wish thema happy and prosperousNew Year.FOR POLICE CHIEF.We are authorized to announce J. C.Elgin, Sr., as a candidate for theDemocratic nomination for Chief ofPolice of the city of Paris, subject tothe Democratic primary. August 2,1913.We are authorized to announce W. F.Link as a candidate for Democraticnomination for Chief of Police of thecity of Paris, subject to the Democratic primary August 2.We are authorized to announce BenBishop as a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Chief of Policeof the city of Paris, subject to theDemocratic primary August 2.We are authorized to announce Geo.M. Hill as a candidate for the nomination for the office of Chief of Police oftheJCity of Paris, subject to the actionof the Democratic primary, August 2,1913.FOR JAILER.We are authorized to announce Joseph Farris as a candidate for thenomination of Jailer of Buurooncounty, subject to the action of theDemocratic primary August 2, 1913.FOR COUNTY CLERK.We are authorized to announce J.Walter Payne as a candidate for thenomination for the office of CountyClerk of Bourbon county, subject tothe action of the Democratic primaryAugust 2, 1913.We are authorized to announce Mr.Pearce Paton as a candidate for theDemocratic nomination for Clerk ofBourbon count', subject to the actionof the Democratic primary August 2,1913.FOR POLICE JUDGE.We are authorized to announce Thos.J. Holliday as a candidate for the nomination for the office of Police Judceof the city ot Paris, subject to the action of the Democratic primary, August 2, 1913.Ferguson Estate Appraised.According to the inventory and appraiserrent report, the late Mrs. Maggie C. Ferguson, of Lexington, ownedpersonal property valued at $54,348.70.The"proDerty consisted mainly of cashon deposit in the bank and shares ofbank stock.A list of jewelry and furniture specifically devised tojpersons by the testatrix" is not appraised.Following is the appraisement report: Cash in the Fayette National Bank,1,348.80., Forty shares First National Bankstuck. 5,800.Fifty shares Lexington Citv NationalBank, $9,780.One hundred shares Sezurity TrustCompany, $24,500.Five shares Second National Bank,$725.Forty-five shares Fayette NationalBank, $11:025.Cash in deposit box, SI, 200.The list of jewelry as devised by thetestatrix consisted of articles as follows: One diamond clover leaf brooch,one diamond cross, locket set with diamonds, cluster diamond ring, two stonediamond ring, solitaire diamond ring,three gold rings, one onyx locketchain, two pairs of gold cuff buttons,one cameo stick pin, one set of shirtstuds, one pearl brooch, one set bedroom furniture and cash in tin ' box$5.43.A list of mining and other stocks arementioned as having no value.The appraiserswere W. . Warren,George S. Weeks and J. W. Porter.Would it Become a PopularEnterprise?Iltjs scientifically possible-to createhuman life by -chemical and physicalmeans, and a baby factory is net animpossibility, according to Dr. MartinKellog Schermerhorn of the department of philosophy at Harvard."Life is not confined to the animaland,, plant world," he said. "Thewhole universe is alive and all thatlives is conscious. Plants are conscious andgRuskin and Goethe agreethat they are capable of exercisingstrategy and forethought."Hence it'is obvious that the evolution from so cal'ed matter to humanlife is possible. The chemist of thefuture will labor so'that men will bemade in baby factories."IIWe offerevery convenience to "our; Depositors.3 per cent, interest paid.'onTime'DepositsIII toe Agricultural Bank of ParisNew Life in Oil IndustryThe'recent advances'in'the price ofcrude oil have brought thafproduct tothe highest figure that has beenreached for six Uyears. Naturally thiswill stimulate operations in the oilfields of the country, says the Louisville Courier-Journal.Ihere already has been a markedrevival in drilling and propsecting inthe oil districts of Kentucky. The operators are busy not only in the producing sections, but they have enterednew territory and . have returned tosome of the fields that practicallywere abandoned several years ago. Itis certain that the continued'rise in themarket value of crude petroleum willbring new capita into the State andwill greatly enlarge theindustry.The.prediction is madejthat the year1 1913 will set a recordjnark in the pro-jductiongof oil. Should the prophecyprove true Kentucky is in good position to benefit by it and to expand heroil buisness to the proportions attained years ago "when a number ofthe counties enjoyed a veritable oilboom. The demand for the 'product isheavy and is increasing every day.There must be new wells to meet thisdemand. In most of the oilAr,egions inthe State conditions are not favorableior worK ai tnis season or the year,owing to the lack of good roads 'butthe coming of spring should showgreat activity both in Eastern andWestern Kentucky.There is an opportunity for extensivedevelopment of the oil industry andKentucky shoud profit by it. From alindications the field frhas been barelyscratched and there is an enormousacreage which seems promising of impotant outcome in production.The awakened interest throughoutthe country is a pleasing omen thatthis vast territory will no t be mulonger neglected.Substitute for Cotton.Nettle stems are being used assubstitute for cotton.Fox's New Book Ready in MarchJohn Fox, Jr.'s new novel, "TheHeart of the Hills," now running inScribner's Magazine, will be publishedby the Seribners in book form early inMarch.Like "The Little SheDherd of Kingdom Come" and "The Trail of theLonesome Pine," it is the first of all atale of Kentucky mountaineers. Buthere they are, I by force of circumstance, thrown into contact with thepeople of the lowlands in a way thatresults in striking effects and movingsituations. Jason Hawn and Mavisare true nhilriren nf mountain nnri ninnforest; Marjorie and Gray Pendleton' f V ninnfqtitiri nnrl T71n- Pi.nr.ri n.nA.msl piaiidEkiuu aiiu jljiuc uiuaa iijeauuw.They meet in childhood and throughthe turbulence of a time that setstheir peoples against each other andmingles them together their careersare so interwoven as to bring out inthe telling all the writer's extraordinary talent.NATURE'S ESSENCE. Brfracted From Forest Plants. .Nature's laws are perfect, but disease follows, if these laws are not obeyedGo straight to nature for the cure, to the forest j there are mysteries here that wecan fathom for you. Take the bark of the wild-cherry tree, the root of mandrake,stone. Oregon grape root, queen's root, bloodroot and golden seal, make a scientific, non-alcoholic extract of them with just the right proportions and you haveoctor Pierce's Golden B2edical IDascovery.It took J3r. Pierce, with the assistance of two learned chemists, eight years oLard work experimenting to make this pure glyceric extract and alterative of thegreatest efficiency and without the use of a particle of alcohol. mJest tne sore oi remeuy yuu uwu vw .wf .blood, and cure that lassitude and feeling of nerve exhaustion.Dr. Pitre's Golden Medical Discovery bears the stamp ofPublic Approval and has sold more largely in the past fortyyears than any other blood purifier and stomach tonic."Seme time asro I cot out of health-my stomach seemed to beth-,cat of the trouble." writes Mr. Ezra Williams, ox Belleville, Ka-ur-"Icommenced to doctor with all the doctors at home as well as witfeether specialists on stomach and dfeestiveorsrans. None seemed to doany good-in fact, most of the medicines did me harm. Finally, I wrototo Dr. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y., who replied, statins that I had hver complaint with indigestion and constipation, and advised Dr. Pierce 3 Golden.Medical Discovery and 'Pleasant Pellets. . ,"The 'Discovery and Pellets,' have put me on my feet againBcemed to be ju3t what I needed. I could not have recovered without them.E. Williams, Esq. Dr. Pierce s fieasanz eecs ura m vi- - -aittl22&!3gag522&8m223&&&l.U Need it in YourBusiness"FOR SALE BYMilare under double strainstrength to live and learn andstrength to grow they musthave nourishment not overloaded stomachs, but concentrated nutriment to aidnature during the growingperiod.The wonderful record ofScott's Emulsion as a bodybuilder has been proved forthree generations. It strengthensthe bones, muscles and sinews;builds the body, creates energyand vigor; prevents and relievescblds and fortifies the lungs.Millions of delicate and undeveloped children have beenmade strong, sturdy and heartywith Scott's Emulsion.Insist on having SCOTT'S.Scott & Bowne. Bloomfield. N.J. 12-68Doclson & DentonQ&x&S5tf&&ZZtiQte2to&s3&9&2SX&ASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland Telephone works forhim. He will reply:1. Sells My Products 4. Protects the Home2. Gets Best Prices 5, Helps the Housewife Z3. Brings Supplies 6. Increases Profits7. Pays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and send -vto-day for booklet.For information, call manager.Cumberland .Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporatedTwin Bi. Depanmeni storeCorner Seventh and Main Sts.CLEARANCE SALENow Going On.sftKentucky Traction andTerminal Co.Winter Schedule Interurban Divisions, in Effect Oct. 1, 1912.All cars ruu week days and Sundaysexcept those marked with an ex (x),which run only on week days.Lve. Lexington Lve. Parisfor Paris For Lexington.x6.00 a m 6.45 a m7.20 a m 7.30 a mx8.00 a m ' 8.15 a m8.50 a m 9.00 a m10.20 a m 9.45 a m11.50 a m 11.15 a m1 20 p m ' 12.45 p m2.50 p m 2.15 p m3.30 p m 3.45 p m4.20 p m 5.15 p m5.00 p m 6.00 p m6.00 p m 6.45 p m7.20 p m ' 8.15 p m9.10 p m 10.45 p m11.00 pm , x7.30am, x9.00 a m6.00 p mGreat Bargains in All DepartmentsDressgoods, Drygoods, Silks,Ladies' and Misses' Suits, Skirts, - Cloaks r'Shirt Waists and MillineryCall In and See Us.TWIN BROS DEPARTMENT STORE.rMrs. PendletionMODISTEFormerly With J. I. Watson, Lexington, Ky.Street and Evening Gowns, Blouse and Suits.Mr. Brown, an Experienced tailor, will have charge of all tailoredwork.1?,.,a. V-m7nA wc5iJ--' r-- tMs,'-1 " ,.'1 .-: &$ i&THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEBRUARY 7, 1913.a3W?w?m?w?m?KUNCLE SI, DIPLOMATISTSSourbon Sarage dc Supply Co,GOOD MAN'S METHOD OF DEALING WITH HARD SITUATION.Unusual Doings in Meeting House YardTurned to Financial Account byElder Who Was Not Superstitious.8riukm.tIy.Job PrintingWORK DONWHEN PROMISEDfGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!'. -TRE J2B ReOffiS 0FTHE . :r-BqRBnNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOG ,POSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themworkOur type is new and modernfaces.Che Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.fcuuuiuuuantf"Wall," said Uncle Si, as he tookMs accustomed place on the picklebarrel, "we had a high-falutin, lawnparty up tew the meetin.' house atLapham's Corners last night. Therewas sure a heap of folk thar, and theway they carried on seemed" to mewasn't exactly in place in the meetin'house yard," said Uncle Si, lookingpious and thoughtful."Tell us about it," said Hiram, helping himself to another cracker fromthe open barrel near by."Wall, it was jest this a-way. Inthe fust place a party of city folkscome down from up the hill we couldsee at once that they was goin' torun things to suit themselves. If theyhadn't a-bought a lot of peanuts, icecream and lemonade, we'd have brokeup the jamboree right thar and let 'emgo home. The fust thing "hey donewas to start a Virginia reelin', whichreckon is an imitation of how a per3on acts when he has got full of Virginia corn juice. Us country folks, wegathered around in the corners of thelawn and says nothin' at least, not soas the city folks could hear. Wethought they'd gone far enough withthe Virginy trapsing, but we found wewas plum mistaken."Some female says, says she, 'Let'schase the turkey around this lawn.'Wall, there wasn't any turkey, butthere was some of the worst doin'sthat was ever seen in Lapham's Corners. I bein' the elder, the membersof the meetin' house riz up unanimousand told me I'd got to stop them fireworks. After knocking a nearby table,In order to bring silence,! spoke something like this: t 'Brethern and sistern,thisyer is in the meetin' house yard.Such goin's on as has happened heretonight has disgraced us all, and tomake our consciences easy I shalltake all the money we've rize heretonight and raise the insurance on themeetin' house. I ain't superstitious,but I don't believe no building couldstand to see what's went on here tonight without either burnin' up or gettin' struck by lightnin' or havin' coffeespilt on the vestry carpet. I hope youwill now all go home and come againto the next lawn party we have and beenthusiastic as ye was at this one.'"Wall," said Si, "the crowd theywent home, and I guess they wasashamed of theirselves.""Wall," said Lem Beacher, who occupied the only chair in the grocerystore, "I never did believe in them excitin' ways to make money for themeetin house. It's much better totake up collections now and then, getalong with the old meetin' house."To that all the by sitters answered:"You're right, Lem!" and Uncle Sibought his groceries, consisting of apackage of tobacco, and went home todo the chores. Judge.,.)AUTOMOBILESSupplies of All Kinds, Repairing, Etc.r -.9Xbourbon Sararge $ Supply Co. m:I C.IED.C. M. CLAY, PresidentED. BURKE, Vice-PresidentJNO. T. COLLINS, Sec'y-TreasS. K. Nichols, General ManagerDIRECTORSF C. M. Clay, H. S. Caywood,JJno. T. Collins, R. M. Jacoby,W. C. Dodson, Lee Stephenson,Ed Burke,W. M. Rogers.S. K. NicholstProtection for Armenians.In a news letter from Jerusalem,printed in The Living Church (Milwaukee), information is given of additional massacres, of Armenians in Kurdistan last summer which have hardlybeen reported in this country. In thisconnection The Living Church sayseditorially: "One feels that in thefinal settlement of questions betweenthe Turk and Christendom, this matterof protection to Armenians ought to beincluded. True, the Balkan statesthemselves can hardly claim to extendtheir protectorate over these persecuted Asiatic Christians. Theyhaveno common bonds of race or even ofcommunion with Armenians as theyhave between themselves and Macedonians and Albanians. Here is onebelated thing that the powers can yetdo, before th9 Turk receives his cleanbill of health. They are bound bytheir treaties to guarantee safety toArmenians, and these afflicted peoplehave no cousins who can arise and dofor them what the Balkan states havedone for Christians in EuropeanTurkey."Bourbon (Tobaccov Warehouse Co."InchedSALES TUESDAYS, THURSDAYS and SATURDAYS.We have buyers forthe American Tobacco Co., thelR. J. Reynolds Co., Liggett & Myers,the Lorillard Co.. besides various independent and local buyers.We have an abundance of wagon room and free stabling of horses. Bring us yourtobacco; wefguarantee you a square deal. JBourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company I. .. i . .. . V . wL Paris, KentuckyMiflillMBBBMnBalNEW-BARBER-SHOP!Windsor Hotel.Writing for Posterity.A story about George Bernard Shawcomes from London. 'A prominent French critic, the storyruns, once said to the playwright:" 'You are putting on a new comedyMonday night. Let me attend one ofthe dress rehearsals, won't you?'"'Impossible,' said Mr. Shaw. 'Mydress rehearsals are always, private.I have to refuse even the most distinguished critics access to them.'"'But,' said the other, T want towrite a careful criticism. If I have towrite it and telegraph it in a few minutes on Monday night, it will be veryhurriedly done, and I fear that it willgive a wrong impression of yourcomedy in Paris the next day.'" 'Have no anxiety on that score,'Mr. Shaw replied. 'My comedies arenot written for the next day.' "Used Legs in Praying.An interested spectator at the Confederate unveiling and a most interesting character was Mack Stevens' ofMadisonville, says the Princeton Lead,er. It was he who during war times wascondemned to be shot; the grave hadbeen dug on Hogan's hill and the soldiers lined up. Stevens asked for permission to pray, and it was grantedhim. Leaning on a fence he suddenlyvaulted it and made good his escape,although 15 or 20 shots were fired atModern Equipment,r, PoliteService.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDSpecial Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther NoticeWe payl21-2c for green, beef Jhides.I; Call us upor bring it to our place.MAXMUNICK,8th StreeivPARIS, KYCall EasfcTenn." Phone 374GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EHBALMELBOTH'PHOIfES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.Professional CardsJ J. WILLIAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-L AW.Room 1 Elks Buildine.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS; KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones jl1Residence 3334.DR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - - KentuckyExpert Barber.Mr. Carl Crawford, a barber of 30years7 experience, invites the publicto his new shop at the Windsor Hotel.Two chairs. Prompt service. Children's work a specialty. Razors honedsatisfactorily. .' tf.St"' ''Curtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - $iExpert Barbers iPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AftHours iNo Long Waits,A Share of the Public Pat-'ronage' Solicited..xFor SaleSix room brick house on Snath-Main ,'street at a bargain. AddIv to ' -.,3t , . Dl SJ IlENKY. ' ;him.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KY., FEBRUARY 7, 191 3fL&rNEW GARAGENOIFull Line of Tiresand Accessories in Stock.WI1913 BUICKSAre Here Come In and Look Them Over.Put Your Oar In Our GarageAnd Have It Protected From the Weatherand Accidents. We Give YouFREE Day Storage.Indian Motorcycles andSalliesModern Repair Shop.Cars Washed, Polished and Stored.IIIYerkes & PrichardLiA SplendidClubbing Bargain!WE OFFERTHE BOURBON NEWSANDThe Cincinnati Weekly EnquirerBOTH ONE YEAR FOR ONLY$2Subscriptions May be New or .Renewal. 'iWhat The Weekly Enquirer IsIt is issued every Thursday, subscription price $1.00per year and is one of the best home metropolitan weeklies of to-day. It has all the facilities of the greatDAILY ENQUIRER for obtaining the world's events andfor that reason can give you all the leading news. It alsocarries a great amount of valuable farm matter, crispeditorials and reliable up-to-date market reports. Itsnumerous departments make it a necessity to every home,farm or business man.This grand offer is limited and we advise you to takeadvantage by subscribing for the above combination rightnow.Call or mail all orders toLThe Bourbon News, Paris, Ky.FARM LOANSThis company accepts first mortgage loans on farms,when duly approved as security for money loaned.We are, therefore, always glad to hear from thosewho own real property, and who require funds for building or other purposes, or who are contemplating the purchase of new farms; and we are, as a rule, prepared toadvance such funds, if the property is of recognised value,and the desired loan relatively reasonable.It is always requisite that there shall be a wide margin between the market value of the property and theamount of the loan for which the property is offered assecurity. ,We aim to be as liberal as possible in all cases, how-ever; and those who seek loans of this character will dowell to consult with us. Write to the following addressgiving full particulars., Union Trust & Savings Co., Maysville, Ky, -IC(v&gqsjO&. ATiS3mJ1H"E"EilrIIIIIJ.Baldwin Bros !Try OurCountry ClubLayer CakesChocolate Caramel,White andRibbon1 5c, Two for 25cBaldwin Bros.NATIONAL5c and 10c StoreSPECIALFor Thirty DaysOn AllWall PaperAnd also Puttinsrsame on Walls.Must Have Roomfor New Stock.National 5o andlOc StoreWatch Our Windows.ExceedsIn Paris.Death RateThe birth rate of the year of 1912exceeded the death rate in the city ofParis, accordingj to tigures that arecompiled from the books of the precinct registrar. Miss Margaret Terry.The report of the registrar tor theyear just passed shows there has beena decided inqredse in the birth rateover deaths among white people, whileamong the' colored nopulation thedeaths exceed that of the births.According to the report of MissTerrv there were in this city last year101 births among the white populationas against 52 deaths, while among tnecolor d people there were a total ofeighty-five deaths and thirty-e;ghtbirths.During the year of 1912, one hundredand thirty-seven deaths occurred inthis citv and a total of one hundredandfthfrty-nine births were recorded.The number of deaths among thenegroes more than doubles that of thebirths, while there were almost twiceas manv births among the white people. Of the total number of deaths aboutsix Der cent were the result of tuberculosis, twenty-two deaths havingoccurred from this dread disease, sixteen of which were colored people.Two deaths were caused fromJpellagra,both of which were colored, women.The deaths registered in the office ofthe registrar are as follows :JANUARY.3 John B. Grimes, sixty-two years,hemorrhage oi colon.8 Thomas A. Nichols, thirty-twoyears, tuberculosis.i 11 Russell Mann, 72 years, heartdisease.17 Alfred Johnson, colored, seventy-threeyears, Bright's disease.17 Lucinda Evans, colored, nineteen years, tuberculosis.18 John W. Johnson, colored, twenty-sevenyears, Bright's disease.21 Mrs. Nora Mackey, seventy-sixyears, Bright's disease.25 Mary Robertson, 'colored, sixtyyears, heart trouble.26 Emma Richmond, colored, sixtyyears, pneumonia.26 Eleanor N. Borland, 54 years,cancer.27 Mary E. Ingels, sixty-two years,mitral lesion.FEBRUARY.1 Pearl Lawson, colored, twentynine, tuberculosis.2 Harry Linville, Jr., stillborn.3 Martha C. Hampton, colored,eighteen, tuberculosis.5 Hiram Thompson, colored, fortyeight, alcoholism.6 John Taylor, colored, sixty-five,myocorditis.9 Ophelia Williams, colored, sixmonths, menigitis.12 George Breckinridge, colored,thirty-three years, tuberculosis.13 Millie Weekly, colored, fifty-twoyears, consumption. ,9 JamesL. Hickman, colored, fiftyone, tuberculosis.15 John William Thomas, ninetytwo, exhaustion.16 Sallie Talbott, colored, fifty-six,nephritis.17 Len Hanks, colored, fourteenyears, tuberculosis.25 Sallie Bryan Turner, eighty-nineselerosis.29 Iolo Mag Johnson, colored, seventeen, tuberculosis.MARCH.3 Unknown colored man, exposure.4 Charlton Francis Campbell, tenmonths, whooping cdtagh.4 Lucinda Lamb, colored, nineteen,chronic endocarditis.5 Bettie Riss, colored, fortv-one.nephritis.5 Son of J. H. Brown, colored,stillborn.7 James Anderson, colored, sixty,hemorrhage.10 Mary E. Remington, seventythree, heart failure.13 Bettie Lewis Howard, eighty,nephritis.r;i9 Martha Jackson, colored, ninety,asthma.19 Ray Duvall, thirty-two, pulmonary tuberculosis.21 James Smith, colored, fortytwo years, acute nephritis.28 John Warring, colored, sixtynine, cancer of stomach.30 Marguerite Humphreys, oneyear, pneumonia.,' APRIL.3 Blanton Green, 31 years, valvularheart disease.3 Anne Boyle Walsh, thirty years,metritis.8 Mary Frances Combs, colored,eight months, pneumonia.14 -Charles Myers, sixty-two, heartdisease.15 Susan Ayers, colored, eighty-seven, debility.16 George Jones, colored, twelvedays, hemorrhage.17 Flora Fleming, colored, sixtyfive years, heart disease.20 George Price, colored, seventy.years, apoplexy.22 Owen McGinlev. ninety-fouryears, general debility.21 James Cooper, colored, nineyears, tuberculosis.25 William Thomas Marshall, colored, sixty-one vears, cirrhosis ofliver.MAY.5 Unnamed colored childT sixmonths, premature birth.5 Matilda B. Whaley, sixty-four,paralysis.5 William Alfred Harp, born dead.6 Amanda Steuban, colored, seventy years, rheumatism.8 Mary Lizzie Scraggs, colored,nineteen, tuberculosis menigitis.11 Mathew Ayers. colored, fortythree, tuberculosa.16 Julia Turley, seventy years!cancer. -. .-16 Daniel T.$,8oling, sixty-five, Cancer of stomach.15 Elsie Renick, colored, thirtyfour.years, chronic nephritis. 'IbVGeorge Tiffy, colored, thirtyfout, drownedJUNE.1 Eliza Ann Larue, colored, seventy-five, pneumonia.I 7 Columbus Hawkins, colored, fiftysix, apoplexy.ll-?Hezekiah Kinder, eighty-two,nephritis.i 12 Unnamed son of Thomas Bowman, colored.21 Erasiie Willis, colored, eighty.heart trouble.22 Join Durbin, colored, fifty-eightureamia. KBirth Rate25 Mollie Robinson, colored, twenty-one,nephritis.28 Mose Love, colored, forty-fiveyears, organic heart tlisease.JULY.3 Wilson Hunt Ingeis, seventy-one,ureamia. i3 Mary Butler, colored, elevenyears, tubercular menigitis.8 John Robinson, coiored,"fifty-five,pulmonary hemorrhage.12 Arthur R. Broomfield. forty-two,endocarditis13 John Davicf Coons, thirty-two,tuberculosis.14 William Donald Baker, one,pneumonia.15 Albert Thompson, Si, seventythree, heart disease.15 Infant son of Ailie Rowland,strangulation.15 Unknown colored man killed bytrain.18 Robert Bickett, colored, sixmonths., 18 Cvnthia Porter, colored, fiftynine, pellagra.21 Susan Payne, sixty-eight, endocarditis. 23-Biidie Lee Hutsell, colored,nineteen, tuberculosis.27 James Henry, Carlisle, colored,seventy-eight, chronic neDhritis.AUGUST. X3 Mary Johnson, colored, fifty-two,oleurisy.6 William Miller, colored, thirtyeight, colored, tuberculosis.6 Harvey Gillard, colored, sixtv.cirrhosis of liver.7 C. J. McLear, sixty, nephritis.11 Eugenie Fleming, colored, onemouth, inherited syphilis.13 Emmer Fretwell. colored, fiftyeight, enterocolitis.14 Millie Frances Tuttle, 61, chronic nephritis.SEPTEMBER.6 J. Henry Ewalt, sixty-two. myocarditis. 9 William R. Becraft, thirty-three,tuberculosis.10 Anna May Fuller, colored, twenty-one,myocarditis.15 Belle Hill, colored, sixty-five,acute nephritis.2 16 Lizize McCliutock Croxton, sixty-six,gastric ulceration.17 Murray Jones, colored, twentysix, gunshot wound.21 Herbert Hitch, thirty-seven, tuberculosis. 25 Jesse Lewis Fields, colored, fivemonths, acute indigestion.30 John R. Doyle, eigntv-two yearssenility.OCTOBER3 Helena Current, fifteen, nephritis6 Owen Vernon McKenney, twentyseven, endocarditis.7 Elijah Terry, colored, sixty -four,valvular insufficiency.7 RobertH. Garrett, coloreri, eighteen, colitis.8 Amelia Parker Rion seventy,cancer of liver. "10 William Thomas, colored,' infant:is.13 John Bedinger, colored, fiftytwo, Bright's disease.17 George Patrick Gordon, seven,pneumonia.NOVEMBER.1 Maria Anderson, colored, sixtyeight, heart disease.1 Lula Kenton Garrison, twentyfive, septicaemia.2 Nannie Keys, colored, fifty-two,pellagra.G-b'rank Samuels, colored, sixteen,tuberculosis.6 Minnie Thomas, colored, thirtyone, alcoholism.6 Lou Craig, roloredfiftv, ureamia7 James Lemons, forty-eight, killedin lailroad wreck.9 Clarence Chenault, colored, thirtytuberculosis.I 10 Lula Wheeler, colored, sixty,bronchitis.11 Patrick Shea, seventy, heartdisease.12 J. W. Hayden, Jr., eleven, dilation of heart.13 Isaac Hayden, culored, fiftvfour, asthma.21 LouisjWatson, colored, fifty, apoplexy. 22 Eugene Porter, colored, fortytwo, lagrippe.24 Lyda May Marson, colored,eleven months, pneumonia.25 William Henry Renick, seventylive, pneumonia.DECEMBER.1 William Steuban. colored, seventy-nine,paralysis.4 John R. Bedford, colored, 24,tuberculosis.5 Morris Merchant, colored, sixtyfive, apoplexy.6 Louis Hamilton, colored, twentyfive, Dneumonia.5 Sallie Smith, colored, eighty-fourbronchitis.10 May Tuley, colored, 61, heart disease.10 Edmond J. Moreland, fifty-two,boiler explosion.11 Dulcena Earlwyine. eighty-six,heart disease.16 Pearl Robinson, colored, twentyseven, tuberculosis.17 Harvey Young, eight months,convulsions.24 A. Monin Moore, infant, pneumonia.27 -Godfrey J, Johnson, stillborn28 W: O. Stapleton, twenty-seven,run over by railroad engine.31 Ella Stewart, colored, sixty-two,pneumonia.WANTEDTo purchase a good milch cow.Home phone 92.CallWANTED.Man to represent us in rural districts. Salary and expenses to resDonsible party. Address. G. A. GRANANHAN,State Manager.Lock Box 180, Lexiogton. Ky.For Sale.Unless sold privately before I will Iacn ui duuuuu uu ouuuuuy, iviarcn o, onthe public square Snetland pony, cartand harness. Call E. T. Rhone 275 forfurther particulars. ' 4td. MRS. ERANKfBRtfAN.A Suggestion to Bourdon Voters,.Paris. Ky., Feb. 4, 19ir.Before an announcement has beeirmade for the offices of County tnSCity Judge let us. the citizens of thecounty and city, warn all prospectivecandidates that unless they are willing to serve us in the following ways'I they need not announce with the ex-j pectation of receiving our support.inia county nas ;a great grievance -occasionedby horse traders, gypsiesand other campers apnropriating ourhighways to their own use and convenience, trespassing upon farmsdepredating upon our crons, conveying disease to our horses and ether stock,rendering it unsafe for our wives and"daughters and in many cases to ourselves to attempt to drive a horse bvtheir camps. It constitutes a nuisance and can be so treated under the"statutes. We have a right to demand"1this relief. Before we make ourchoice let us demand an expressionfrom him on this subject in the countwpress.As to the police judge Jet him do hiVduty not onlv to the farmers of thecounty, but to the city of Paris andto the very men themselves, by letting every loiterer during the busyseason in the country choose betweenthe rock pile and. a job in the countrywhere gn0d wages and temptingboard is offered him.Our neighboring counties and citiesare enjoyinir this consideration at thehands of their nublie servnnfc o vohv! should we be asked to accept 'less.vnen we cast our vote let us cast itwhera it will mean most to ourselves,,to our county and to our good citizenship m general. Let us demand a.pledge for a pledge.A. VOTER.Rugs.Beautiful 9x12 Axminster rugs forJanuary Clearance sale $16.75. Wool vFiber Rugs, 9x12, $8.50. ihese pricesgo for the rest of this month.tf A. F. WHEELER & CO.Matthews Not Fatally Hurt.Cynthiana reports the coodition of!W. B. Matthews, the Harrison coun- -.ty man who was struck by Louisvilleand Nashville passenger train No. 3iin this city Monday is such that his recovery is certain. Mr. Matthews' injuries were found not to be of such aserious nature as first thought. Hehas no fractured bones and his injuries were confined to several severebruises. My Businessis that of a real estate broker andauctioneer and sell property in Fayetteand adjoining counties. If you haveno favorite. Iwould be glad to consultwith you either for the sale or purchase of pronerty.C. K. OLDHAM.108 West Short street,Lexington, Ky.Studebaker Cars.The following letter was received reVcently by the Bourbon Garage:Detroit, Mich., Dec. 31, 1912.Gentlemen On January 4, in tneSaturday Evening Post and on January 11, in "Collier's." Studebaker 'advertisements of which we encloseproofs, wilbebrought to the attention."of' some 13.000,000 people.No one appreciates more than thewriter the embarrassment which theentire sales organization suffers because cur shipments of new cars havenot been able to meet the demand.Rest assured the factorv is doingeverything in it power to" catch upwith orders, and if you will be patienta little longer, not only will you getithe cars but you will have such a demand that you will be assured of handsome profits on your year's business.Our advertising to bejeontmued'tomaintain this demand and 'assist yourbusiness. We believe you will findthese advertisements of striking interest and'of great importance to vourbusiness. Wf. r"Qfcwr'"rr Yours Very truly.&TUDEBAKER CORPORATION.E. H. Benson,Sales Manager.Business Block For RentI have'a nice building lot on SouthMain street on which I will build abusiness block to suit a tenant if suitable party will take a lease for a number of vears.St " D. S. HENRY.Public Sale!OPStock, Crops & Implements;Having sold my farm, and intending"to locate in Ohio, I will sell atjfpublicauction, at Maplehurst, onWednesday,, February 19, 1913.".beginning at 10 a. m., the following z:1 large 6-vear-old mare mule ;7-yr-old Mare pony, gentle, wellbroken; '1 4-year-old Western gelding, good"all-around horse as ever on a farm ;1 3-year-old chestnut gelding, bylLo-canda 2:02, dam by Earlmont 2:09;53 Southdown ewes;20 yearling Southdown bucks ;2 No. 1 Jersey milk cows;10 Jburoc trood sows ;. 1,0 young Duroc stock hogs ;I top boggy, rubber: tired ; --2 road wagons ;1 2-horse wagon ;1 Deering mower:1 Deering lawn mower, '1-horsevpower; " -Bull lakes; sulky rakes; tedder, ' "Baled ryestraw;1 Baldwin upright piano;Some otner housphold goodsOthecarticles too numerous to men-',tion, ;ncludmg a lot of implementssuch as are usually found on "an nndae farm.W. A. BACON.-, Maplehurst Stock Farm. -vR. P. D. No. 4. Pans, Ky. X, $E. T, 'phone 152. - . fjfGeo: D. Speakes, Auctltfnee,r 316 "rt&rlSiJ"irfe-'' &'-f. v " s. S'Jr . J", iauA ---Ttrf JLj- . 3 g J&JTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., FEBRUARY 7, 1913fcnAWi-fe.i"KLa?ci4ffffc BOURBON NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THE FESTcr EvnnH ;-,Coffee That's All Coffee.fHigh quality coffee, Chase & San'born's coffee is on sale only in Parisat Fee's grocery.-Received Daily.Fine Yellow Salmon and Spanishliackerel receivca every day. Phoneue your order.JOHN SAUER.Best Made.The celebrated Marion Kitchen Cabinet S27.50, most complete cabinetmade.tf A. P. WHEELER & CO.No One Hurt in Collision.Southbound Freight No. 33 collidedwith northbound freight ' No. 36 on theL. & N. railroad at Morris stationabout two miles south of Latonia early Tuesday morning.resulting in aboutS200 damage to the pilots of the engine. No one was injured. One ofthe trains is reported s to have beenwaiting tiear a siding for the othertrain when the latter came up and didnoi stop quick enough.For Sale.Three 18x24 12-oz double filled tar1 ..tilins. Home phone 294. tfDressed Fowls.Hens, guineas and turkeys for Saturday. C. P. COOK'& CO.Fitzwater Under Indictment.J. H. Fitzwater, charged with cairying concealed weaDons and shootingwith intent to kill Richard Medlin, wasindicted in the Kenton Circuit Courtat Covington Tuesday. Fitzwater, whowas desperately wounded in a piste Iduel with Medlin and who was confinedin a Covington hospital for severalweeks, was recently released on bprd,following his examining trial. Hegave bond for his appearance at histrial.Library Tables.Solid oak library tablesfS475 to $25,during this month,tf A. F. WHEELER & CO.Canned Goods Cheap.Two cansTofgood standard Tcorn tor15 cents. One dozen cans 75 cents.Order quick as it will go fast.x T. LENIHAN,4 2t Robneel Grocery.Special in Shirts.$1.25, ?1.50 and $2 shirts, odd sizes,98 cents.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Nearing CompletionThe'double tracking of the Louisville and Nashville railroad betweenCovington and Paris, a distance ofeighty miles, which was ommenccdabout eighteen months ago, is nearingcompletion, only about fifteen milesremaining tobefimshed. A section otaboutHhree miles between Kisertonand Townsend bridge was thrown opento traffic'yesterday. It is expected theentire line will be completed in aboutfour months.Oliver Chilled Improved Plows.We are sole aeents for the genuineOliver chilled improved plows ; new,clean stock.4t J. S. WILSON & BRO.Every Suit in the HouseIncluded in our Parcel Post Sale.Blacks, blues and fancy patterns.JW. DAVIS & CO.First Entertainment in AprilThe Paris Dramatic Club, which wasrecently organized, held a meetingSaturday night at which it was determined the first entertainment givenbyj.the clubwould be held about April1. The meetimr was largely attendedand the members of the club were veryenthusiastic. The purpose of the clubis to produce plays for the benefit ofsocieties and organizations which wereheretofore rendered recessaiily dependent upon traveling promoters.It is Overcoat WeatherAnd at such a saving in our ParcelsPost Sale that you can't do withoutone.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Money Saving Shoe Sale.Our big sale begins today and lastsuntil February 15. Four lots ladies'shoes; $3.50 and $4 values go in thiseale at $1.98. One lot broken sizes, 98cents. Four lota men's shoes S5 and$6 values, at 52.98 in this sale. Rarebargains and money savers.GEO. McWILLIAMS.Johnson Sale.The stock and imDlement sale of Mr.P. J. Johnson was held Tuesdayfat f hisplace on the Hume and Bedford pike,a few milis from Paris. There was'agood attendance, bidding was spiritedand good prices were realized 'uponevervthing offered. Col. George ;D.Speakes conducted the sale. Following is Ta report : "TBrood sows S37.50 to $38 each;shoats. $5.50 to S8.25 each : cows, S50to $90 : steers. $55 to .$60.50 per head ;horses, $92.50 to $192.50; one pairmules. $425 ; chickens, 55 cents, andturkeys. $3.10 each. Farming implements brought good prices.For a Few Days Only.7'ttleton Patent Colt. Corinthian:. wide xoe. ieguUrv $0.50 and $7valu. .34.95 for a few days only.GEO. McWILLIAMS:.Mrs. N. F. Brent will entertaintoday with a luncheon.Mrs. Albert Hinton will enteitainit bridge tomorrow afternoon.Miss Marie Tevis, of Danville, isthe guesit of Miss Marie Talbott.Mr. Milton Elliott, of Frankfort,was a visitor in Paris Wednesday.Mrs. K. J. Neely has gone'to Martinsville, lnd.. for a two weeks' stay.Mr. John J. Williams, Sr., is dangerously ill at his home on Scott avenue. Mr. Ed Turner isin a Lexmgtonhosrital being treated for stomachtrouble.Mrs. W. S. Dale, of bovington, isvisiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs. L.D. Harris.Mr. Ei Turner is at the Good Samaritan Hospital in Lexington undertreatment.Messrs. David Joseph and AlbertSugarman, of Cincinnati, are cruebts ofMr. Jake Saloshin.Mr. John Wilson, of Shawhan,left Tuesday for Sabine Pass, Texas,on a prospecting trip.Mrs. C. 0. Wihnoth is visiting herparents, Mr. and Mrs. James Shropshire, near Leesburg.Mr. William Burchfield, of Pineville, is the guest of her sister, Mrs.Henry Power, in this city.The C. W. B. M. will meet thisafternoon at 2:45 o'clock in the parlors of the Christian church.Mr. J. D. McClintock returnedWednesday after a very successfulhunting trip near Vinita. Okla.Mrs. E. F. Clay has returned toEustis, Fla., to rejoin her family, whoare spending the winter there.Mrs. Chae. Thomas and baby ofthis city, are visiting the family ofMr. E. A. Thomas, in Carlisle.Mrs. John Woodford is in Danville at the bedside ot her mother,Mrs. Van Meter, who is critically ill.Rev. A. S. Venable, pastor oE thePresbyterian church m Millersburg,was the guest Tuesday of Dr. B. M.Shive.Mrs. M. EI. Davis has 'returned toher home in Mayslick after a visit toher parents, Mr. and Mrs. WilliamHukill, Sr., in thfs city.Lauretta, the Httle daughter otMr. and Mrs. J. L. Pickett, residingat the corner of Main and Twelfthstreets, Js ill witn scarlet fever.Mr3. Jesse Morford, who has beenthe guest of her sister, Mrs. D. H.McKenney, for several days, has returned to ner home in Winchester.Mrs.fFlorence Scowden and daughter, Miss illen May, of Brooklyn. N.Y., are the guests of her brother.Rev.E. M. Lightfoot, at his home on Sixthstreet.Mr. R. M. Rice remains in a critical condition at his home on Fifteenthstreet. Mr. Chas. E. Rice, of Fulton,arrived Monday evening to be at hisbedside.Mr. and Mrs. W. Ed Tucker willleave Saturday morning for New Yorkwhere Mr. Tucker will purchase hisspring and summer stock of dry goodsand notions.Mrs. Homer Wilson is in Lexington at the bedside of her mother, Mrs.Parker, of near Georgetown, who isunder the care of a physician at a hospital in that city.Mrs. Alice Marshall, of Hanover,New' Hampshire, isvisiting her niece,Mrs. R. E. Flanders, on Walker Avenue. Mrs. Marshall is matron of theDormitory at Dartmouth College, atHanover.Mr. and Mrs. Morris Harkins, ofSomerset, who have been the uuestsfor several weeks of Mr. and Mrs.Louis Saloshin, have gone to NewYork, where they will 'make a visitto relatives.;Mr. Luther C. Reynolds, Assistant Superintendent of the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, is confined to his room atithe home of theMisses Williams, on Pleasant street,with an attack of the grip.Misses Mary Fithian Hutchcraft,Martha 'Ferguson and Mr. CharltonClay, ofthiscity. attended the dance'given by the Girls' Cotillon Club atuie jruueiuA nuiei in j-iCAiiiKion, ivionday night.Mrs. Catesby Woodford entertained the members of the Six HandEuchre Club 'iuesday afternoon at herelegant country home, "'Raceland,"Jon the Georgetown pike. Mi. andMrs. Woodford will leave shortly forFlorida.Mrs. Frank Kiser has returnedfrom a visit to her mother, Mrs.Rachei Barlow, at Auburn-lalej Fla,Mr. Ed Sparkes and daughter, Mrs.Luther Rice, 'who accompanied Mr8vKiser, will remain in Florida for aboutsix weeks before returning home.Wednesday afternoon at their clubrooms the Progressive Culture Clubheld a verv interesting meeting atwhich excellent papers were read uponhe following subjects: "West Point,"Mrs. J. W. Davis; "Ellis Island,"Mrs. Albert Hinton; "The HudsonRiver," Mrs. Roy Ciendenin, and"New York City," Mrs. J. W. Bacon.Miss Carinne Collins left Wednesday for Ann Arbor. Mich., to be aguest at the annual dance fciven by theJuniors at Ann Arbor University.This event is always a most enjoyableoccasion, as the students invite theiryoung lady friends from far and near,and give up their fraternity housesfor the use of the guests, who arechaperoned by some of the leadingladies of the state.The regular meeting of the ParisLiterary Club was held Wednesdayafternoon at the clun room in the Elks1 Building. "The Oriental City ef Pe-km" was the subject for study anddiscussion and three very interestingpacers were read. "A Brief Historyof the City" was presented by Mrs.Charlton Alexander; "A BirdseveView from ts Wall3," bv Miss 'Elizabeth Steele, and "The Shops qndStreet Scenes" by Mrs. W. O. -Hinton.PERSONAL MENTION.Swift Champ After Postoffice.A disoatch from this citv publishedin the Lexington Leader of yesterdaysays:"Swift Champ, editor of the Bourbon News, a staunch Democraticnewspaper of this city, has thrown hishat into the ring, and seeks the officeof postmaster of this city under theadministration of President-electWoodrow Wilson. The announcementof Mr. Champ's intentions to beep me acandidate for the nostmastership. it issaida follows a number of urgent requests that have been made by a number of his staunch friends, amongwhom are several Democratic leaders."It is said Mr. Champ has the backing of a number of influential politicians of Paris and Bourbon county,who will go the full length for him inhis candidacy, and this, coupled withhis record as a loyal Democrat, it idcalculated, will carry considerableweight in the effort to secure for-Jumthe appointment."Mr. Champ has.) through the medium of his newspaper, been in thefront rank in the fight tor the Democratic party, and at present is in thethick of the fray to further the causeof Hon: J. C. W. Beckham for theUnited States Senatorship, and wasone of the first Democratic newsDaners in the State to accord the former Governor his support."During the last rice for the chairmanship of the State DemocraticCommittee he supported the Hon.Rufus H. Vansant, and it was partlythrough his efforts that the county instructions were secured for him."Aside from this Mr. Champ willhave the support of a number Jof politicians in adjoining counties who willexercise their best efforts m his behalf. At the present time there aiefour other candidates for the office,andwhile it is expected there will bea very lively contest, it is the opinionof his friends that his chances outnumber those of his opponents.' 'Light Tobacco Sales.A total of one hundred thousandpound were offered at the warehouseof the Bourbon obacco Warehouse Co.The sale was the lightest of the "season. Tha demand Hfor red leaf gwasverv slow, while the demand for gothergrades was steady throughout theday. Another sale will be held Saturday. Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.g n mi nn mi nn mi nn-mi n 9I "The IJ Lucky JI Bluebird" I1 THE LATEST IN JEWELRY 'I See Our WindowS n un -nu" uu -iiu nn hh mi b j)For Sale.Two extra good Jersey heifers. , Onefresh and one will be in ten daya.smwRV n r.r.AV7 3tE. T. Phone 726.For SaleFull blooded Rhode Island Red cockerel. MRS. L. J. FRETWELL.For RentFlat of four rooms over Cook's grocery. Bath and other conveniences.Apply toJ. 1. HINTON.A Progressiveand SolidinstitutionWe Invite You to Open anAccount With Us.Ybu Are Assured of .Fair.Treatment.II T.iViovqI Arpmnmrrl-KrncioT:;"irn: ;":'!Capitals . k $100,000.00Bourbon Bank &' vi r IHUM tU.Surplus and Profits... 50,000.00Our Trust Departmentacts as Administrator, Ex-ecutor, Guardian or Trusteein all trust capacities.A safe and competentL.LOSTChild's gold bracelet on streets ofParis between Sixth street' and postoffice. Will pay liberal reward for re'turn. E. M. LIGHTFOOT,2t x Sixth street.A small part ofthe money you spendfor fleeting- pleasures andamusements will secure foryou the lasting- enjoyment ofthe Victor. vThe world's greatest bands,orchestras and soloists provide their best for yonr entertainment. Get a Victor today. Pricesrange from $10 to $100 for a Victor,$1 5 to $250 for a Victor-Victrola,and we'll make easy terms to suit. JDaiighertyBros.SI " 'BROS. " """"" ja mmmmmmm mmtamm mmamammm b wmtmmmm mm wmmmmmm wmmmmmm mmmmtmmmmmmmmwTine FurnitureMakes Fine flome&We Have Fine Furniture,And not only Fine Furniture, but Furniture of all kindsat the very Lowest Prices you will find inANY RELIABLE Furniture Store.Spring Wall Paper, Rugs and CarpetsAre Now Being Shown.iFor Lowest Prices and Best Goodsr Se&J. T. HIMTONHINew Spring GoodsArriving: Daily.New Percales,gg New Homespun Linens,g New White Goods,9New Wash Goods,New Embroideries,New Laces.COME LOOKW. Ed.IrTlie PlaceYour Jewelry is g fcXlieHouse of Quality'cfm Up-to-Dateling; SilverVL.SHIRK &Sr- Z-JKSMV Vi91tTHEM OVER.Tucker,ki"ito Ptxrclia.seGoods In Sterand Gold.FITHIAN.TW55' . ,im.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEBRUARY 7 1913JAchinKidneys Cured In ParisIf Your Back Aches and Your Kidneys are Weak, Get the KidneyRemedy That Has Been Proved GOOD Again and Again RightHere in Paris-Paris People Tell It:"Every PictureTells a Stow."lllrwAre Your Kidneys WeakHOW TO TEIL First read the testimony and learn what Doan'sKidney Pills have done for others.Then if your back aches, if sharp pains strike you when stooping orlifting; if you are lame in the morning, tire too easily; if you have dizzyspells and are. nervous, despondent and inclined to worry over trifles; ifthe kidney secretions are highly colored and full of sediment, if passagesare too frequent, scanty, painful or scalding, it is likely that your kidneysneed quick attention.Take a sample of the urine and let it stand for 24 hours. If a sandy,brick-dust like sediment settles to the bottom of the receptacle, there isevidence enough to suspect the kidneys.High StreetMrs. Laura L. Lair, 1033 Highstreet, Paris, Ky., says: "When Iused Doan's Kidney Pills years agothey completely cured me of. my kidney tronble and I gladly confirm thetestimonial I gave at that time. Ihad rheumatism and my kidneys wereirregular in action. I suffered frombackaches and headaches and at timeswas dizzy and nervous. A neighboradvised me to try Doan's KidneyPills and I did. They made me strongand well and I have had no return ofkidney trouble."Pleasant StreetMrs. J. T. Martin, Pleasant andEleventh streets, Paris, Ky., says:"All I have ever said pertainingDoan's Kidney Pills was entirely correct and I confirm former public endorsement of this remedy. They permanently cured me of kidney trouble.I suffered quite severely from painsacross the small of my back and mmy kidneys. The trouble alarmedme and I tried many medicines. Idid not get relief, however, until Iprocured Doan's Kidney Pills at Wilson's Drug Store. They improvedmy condition in every way and I cancertainly say that they are a preparation of merit."W. Seventh StreetM. Holleran, 200 W. Seventh St.,Paris, Ky., says: "Doan's KidneyPills are mighty good and I am gladto praise them to anyone. I had a lottrouble from my back and kidneys.The action of my kidneys caused memuch suffering and sometimes thesecretions were painful. I had backaches, too. I used' many medicines,but was not benefitted until I tookDoan's Kidney Pills. They soon mademe stronger and better."Grateful EndorsementGeorge McCandles, butcher, Paris,Ky., says: "Some time ago I had occasion to use a kidney remedy and atthat time they gave me complete relief, which has proven permanent. Igot them for backaches and disordered kidneys. The way they stoppedmy trouble has proved their merit. ' 'Mrs. Hodge, 831 West street,Paris, Ky., says: "Doan's KidneyPills were very beneficial in my case,and I can recommend them. I haddizzy and nervous spells and my backand head ached, showing that my kidneys were weak. When I saw Doan'sKidnes Pills advertised, I obtainedsome and they gave me entire re-ief."Main StreetMrs. Ida Huffman, 115 Main St.,Paris, Ky.. says: "We think Doan'sKidney Pills are just fine, as we haveused them with splendid results. Wewillingly confirm the endorsementwe gave some years ago recommending them. I suffered from painsacross the small of my back. SeeingDoan's Kidney Pills ' advertised, I gota supply at Wilson's Drug Store andgave them a trial. I was very muchpleased with the results of their use."Eighth StreetMrs. C. M. Taylor, Eighth andWest Sts., Paris, Ky., says: "Doan'sKidney Pills have done us a greatdeal of good, and we recommend themstrongly. One of my children suffered for a long time from kidney disease and had but little control overthe kidney secretione. We triedeverything, but without success .untilDoan's Kidney Pills were given atrial. They did immediate good, andbefore long they effected a permanentcure."III fcMMMMMMiMBMMMMWWMW""M""""M"M"MWSDOAN'S KIDNEY PILLSSold at all druggists and general stores, 50c a box, or mailed on receipt of' price by FOSTER-MILBORN, CO., Buffalo, N. Y.I'JFor a sprain you will find Chamberlain's Liniment excellent. It allaysthe pain, removes the soreness andrestores the part to a healthy condition. 25 and 50 cent bottles for saleby all dealers.Demands.Knicker "What is the matter withSmith?" Booker "His baby -wantathe moon and his wife wants theearth."Do you know thatmore real dangerlurks in a common cold than in anyether of the minor ailments. The safeway is to take Chamberlain's CoughKemedy, a thoroughly reliable preparation, and rid yourself of the cold., asquickly as possible. This remedy isfor sale by all dealers.There is no better medicine made forcolds than Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. It acts on nature's plan, relievesthe lungs, opens the secretions, aidsexpectoration and restores the systemto a healthy condition. For sale bygalldealers.Hot and ColdBATHSHot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politeiwrbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.TheBourbonHopsGoodsey Co,.Incorporated.Manufacturers ofHarness, Horse Boots andLeather Novelties ofAll Kinds,All OrdersJ Promptly Executed AndWork Guaranteed.No. 304 Main StreetRepairing of All Kind DoneWhile You Wait.Opp Court House.Nervous TroublesDriveAwayHappinessTona Vita Will Quickly DriveAway the Nervous TroublesPeople who are all run down inhealth, who'are worn out nervous andhalf sick, are-apt to be thoroughly discouraged. They are half hearted, listless and depressed and feel that this isa terrible world with many pains in itand few pleasures.This state of mind is recognized byphysicians as a common symptom ofnervous debility.If you are one of the many Americans who are suffering with nervousbreakdown or nerve exhaustion, youcan getjhack your old health and spiritsi n a few weeks' tirap. Go to yourduggist and obtain a bottle of TonaVita. This remarkable tnnic is helping thousands back xto health and itwill not failin your case. In fact, itnever fails. You will be astonishedhow quickly it will build you up bothin mind and body.Tona Vita is sold bjT Chas. E. Butler& Co.Just the Trouble."Opportunity really knocks at manya door." "Then why don't more of nasucceed better?" "The trouble 13 thatopportunity -wants us to go to work."Pittsburg Post. x ,Boy's Essay on the Ostrich.Ostriches are different from geese.Geese can swim and lay eggs but cannot kick, while an ostrich can kickand lay eggs like a horse." Woman'sWorld.$100 Reward $100.The readers of this paper will beDleased to learn that there is at leastone dread disease that science has beenable to cure in all its stages, and thatis catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Cure is theonly positive cure now known to themedical fraternity. Catarrh being aconstitutional disease requires a constitutional treatment. Hall's CatarrhCure is taken internallv, acting directly upon the mucous surfaces of thesystem, thereby destroying the foundation of the disease, and giving thepatient strength by building up theconstitution and assisting nature in doing its work. The proprietors have somuch faith in its curative powers thatthey offer One Hundred Dollars forany case that it fails to cure. Sendfor list of testimonials.Z Address F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo,Ohio.2 Sold by all druggisis. 75 cents. ""Take Hall's Family-Pills for constipation.What is Beer?"What is beer" is the question putdirectly to the Supreme Court of theDistrict of Columbia by the Government in fixing a libel against the pro!duct of a Washington brewer. It wasdeclared Tuesday that a Governmentvictory in the case would affect brewjjers the counry over and would bringabout the confiscation of productswith a value running into tha millions The suit, which was institutedat the request of the Pure Food andDrug Boaid of the Department ofArgiculture, alleged that the nroductwas misbranded,in that it was labeled "malt and hop brew." with representations of medals of award for its"purity'andexcellence." The Government charges that the beverage is notan excluisveghopiandjmalt brew,, but isa product in which sugar or a cerealhas been substituted wholly and inpart for the malt.Not Social."Is your husband a Socialist?" "Indeed not. He just hates to go withme to make calls." Detroit FreePress.English Women on Golf Links.A. very noticeable thing about Englishwomen golfers of today is thegreat change in their appearance onthe links. It used to be considerednecessary and thoroughly sporting tolook as unconventional as possiblewhen playing the game. Shapelesstweed costumes, hopeless hats andgreat clumsy boots were the properwear, but now this is quite changed.At Turnbury women and girls woredainty skirts and blouses and silksweaters of pale shades, with coquettish caps and hats, or no head coverings at all, and the effect was distinctly pleasing. Two played their finalmatch, the one in white witb nothingon her hair, the other in a Frenchgray sailor blouse and neatly cutskirt with a little cap out of the samematerial.No Need to Stop Work.When the doctorj'orders you to stopwork it staggers you. I can't, yousay, You know you are weak, rundown and failing in health day bydav. but you must work as long as youcan stand. What you need is ElectricBitters to give tone, strength and vigor to your system, to prevent breakdown and build you up. Don't beweak, sickly or ailing when ElectricBitters will benefit you from the firstdose. Thousands bless them for theirglorious health and strength. Trythem. Every bottle is guaranteed tosatisfy. Only 50 cents at Oberdori-er's.Blackburn May Enter.The rumor is again being revivedthat former United States Senator J.C. S. Blackburn, the "Sage of Woodford," is considering becoming a candidate for the party nomination forSenator at the next August primary.Although out of active politics for several years, Senator Blackburn stillnumbers'devoted followers all over theState. Judge Thomas H. Pavnter'waschosen as his successor in the FederalSenate.Auto Suggestion.Do not forget to carry a pencil anda pad of paper so that you may takedown the number of the motor carthat runs over you.When Irving First Met Bernhardt.It is related by an American manwho was Sarah Bernhardt's escort tothe London Lyceum theater the firsttime the Frenchwoman saw Irving,that the English actor sent an invitation to the actress begging bet totake supper with him after the performance, in the famous Beefsteakrooms of the Lyceum. It was the firstmeeting of the two great players.Sarah spoke no English, Irving noFrench. Nevertheless they discussedart and showered each other with compliments until nearly four o'clock Inthe morning, Sarah's American escort, a ready linguist, acting as interpreter. This is a fair example of howIrving spent his nights and he paidthe price. vThis is the season of the year whenmothers feel very much concerned overthe frequent colds contracted by theirchildren, and have abundant reason forit as every cold weakens the lungs,lowers the vitality and paves the wayfor more serious diseases that so oftenfollow. Chamberlain's Cough Remedy is famous for its cures, and ispleasant and safe to take. , For sale"by all dealers.Boost Phone Rates in Lexington.The charges for telephones wereraised ahout 25 pe cent inithe city oLexington and a higher per cent ' inFayette county by the Home TeleDhone Company, which recently absorbed the Cumberland TelephoneCompany in Fayette and Woodfordcounties. Theinew rates go'into effectApril 1. This action was taken at theannual meeting of the stockholders ofthe Home companv. Directors andofficers were also elected. In advocating the increase in rates DeshaBreckinridge, a dircetor, stated that$175,000 had been paid for the Cumbergland's business and that an additional$50,000 had been expended in equipping the new exchange to accoramodatde the increased business.Here is a message of hope and goodcheer from Mrs. C. J. Martin, BooneMill, Va., who is the mother of eighteen children. Mrs. Martin was curedof stomach trouble and constipation byChamberlain's JTablets after five yearsof suffering, and now recommendsthese tablets to the public. Sold byall dealers.to OrderB t Bsi ! h r 'JIBS!5urnaialiSmisSI I!We Also DoDRYCLEANING.PRESSING,REPAIRING. 13Best WorkGuaranteed."'99S!5urnIMaiatilieiaIMmluIMIMIMIMM1M- MIMn Thomas 'BrosT 13MillMiMii2i3ai0muai5SJ3ijj;55J55JNew Shoe ShineParlors.Ed.JParkerThe popular Elevator Boy and.Janitor at the Agricultural?Bank, has opened a Shoe-ShiningParlor in the hallway of the?Bank and will be glad to waiton the public in this section ofthe city.Your Patronage Is Solicited..Special RatesLow Round TripHomeseekers TicketsTo points in Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi, Arizona, Arkansas,Missouri, New Mexico, Oklahoma,.Texas and Kansas on sale first andthirdJTuesday of each month, returnlimit 25 days from date of sale.Round trip Winter Tourist iickets toall principal winter resorts in theSouth on sale Oct. 15th to April 30th1913, final return limit May 3lst, 1913.For further information, apply toW. H. HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, T. A."Roxie" Davis !rr-:tbu&fc3&sihimLjik.Cbe Insurance HgeniLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Ofd "Nub" aCa!I.Sam'l Kerslake& Son,Paris, - Kentucky-1Horse Shoeing,Machine Shop.Automobile Repairinga Specialty. .MV?,fiv -M".WI'WWHIIIL fTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEBRUARY 7, 1913New Suits Arriving- -Daily-FOR MAKING SOAP- .This is a great opportunity for every housewife totest her skill as a soap smaker and at the same timewin a valuable cash prize. Every woman can enterthis contest it doesn't cost one cent to try theconditions are as simple as A B C.We want to prove to every housewife who reads thispaper, that with the aid of Banner Lye she can makeall the soap she needs for her family use make better soap than she can buy anywhere make it cheaper,with very little labor and in a very short time.To the women who send in the best samples of homemade soap inwhich Banner Lye has been used we will award the following cashprizes this month: ,1st Prize $15.00 2nd Prize $10.003rd Prize $ 5.00 50 Prizes of $ 1.00 eachSo that every woman who enters this contest has fifty-threechances to win a cash prize, ranging from $1.00 to $15.00.Full directions for making soap are printed on everywrapper of Banner Lye every contestant has an equalchance of winning a prize. After you have made yoursoap, cut off a small piece, wrap it in the Banner Lyewrapper, then ina piece of plain paper, on which writeyour full name and address and mail to The PennChemical Works, Philadelphia, Pa. All packages mustbe received by us not later than the last day ofeach contest.Every contestant will be refunded 10c the price of a can ofBanner Lye whether they win a prize or not.Enter this great soap-making contest now it won't cost,you anythingyou get a can of lye free you stand to win a cash prize.r aaaaaaaaaV mm HaaaaVaam mf aaaaaaaaam. mF aaaaam aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaWLYEIs the greatest soap maker on the market. It unites perfectly with fats and oils, making a soap that lathersfreely, eats up dirt and grease and destroys germs.Banner Lye soap makes hard water soft, saves laborand backaches.If you are not quite ready to boil your fat just now,remember there will be two contests, the first one ending March 31st. the other ending May 31st. Sameamount of prize money will be given away ($80.00)each contest. If you don't win in first contest, trythe second contest.Enter the contest soon as possible if your dealercannot supply you with Banner Lye, zcrite us.THE PENN CHEMICAL WORKPhiladelphia, Pa.The GreatestSoap MakervHi3N3lsVJH&Oxy-TonicThe Great Germ Destroyer andBlood PurifierFor All Diseases of the Blood, and asa TonicThere is But OneOxy-TonicIf you have a Cold, Cough, Sore Throat, Catarrh orLaGrippe, use Oxy-Tonic; if Bilious and Malaria inyour system, take Oxy-Tonic.The manufacturers guarantee Oxy-Tonic to, givesatisfaction or money refunded.I Call and get a free sample at" W. T. Brooks, Druggist,Paris, Kentucky.Oxy-Tonic, Co., Incorporated,Gbe SSIi-O uisville, Ky.fBHMHl 11 sSPiiJIr ijr is mmmm-mmi m mjUjSlph i la de LPt? !&mMmj? JLr. -aTISTOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES" -We'are'reeeiving'a carload of Percheron mares everv two weeks, fromone to fourjyears old. Phone or writeus. BH. T. BROWN &T.CO.,vsA ' Lexington Ky.5?'fi Union StockYards.7feb4tSurprise Your Friends.For four weeks regularly use Dr.King's New Dfe Pills. They stimulate the liver, improve djjzestion, remove blood imDurities, pimples anderuptions distpjesr from ycur iaeeand body and iu feel bettei. Btgint once. Buy it : t Ob rdorfer's.College Wisdom.The big responsibilities of marriageare the little ones. Dartmouth Jacko' Lantern.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfCarlisle's redrying plant has beencompleted and was'started Wednesday.The plant has a capacity of 50fU00pound? of tobacco daily and has beenrented by G. 0. Tuck & Co., Louisvilletobacco jnen.Miss Alice Lloyd, of Lexington,will organize a Girls' Tomato CanningClub in Mason county at the Boys'Corn Club Fair at Maysville thismonth This club will act in conjunction with the corn club in raising some-; thing to eat instead ofall tobacco inj that county.-The Climax'reports Richmond courtas follows: "Notwithstanding the badweather of yesterday a good crowd attended court and trade was brisk.There were some 1,600 cattle at theMadison Stock Peps and alljjold. Pricesranged from 5J to 1 centsthe formerfor good butcher cows and the latterfor yearling steers weighing from 500to 900 pounds. There waB a snlendiddemand for cattle. A lot ofjhogs soldat 7J cents.I Nine hnndred and seven weanlingsare reported as having had the secondpayment made on them for KentuckyDally Reminder.Know thyself! If you are mediocre' take your medicine. In human affairs no legislation will ever makeit possible for the tall to wag thedog.mm gm ppCAftS BE !Iwl JBwkS Wili Prove U to You FreeimSESkk -jKBJSBf !-mmmy:.x iJmmwUmmm 'Futurity for foals of 1912. Thiseclipses all previous records in pointof numbers. The Walnut Hall farmhead the list with 82 youngsters. ThePatchen Wilkes farm is second with73. The Empire City farm is thirdwith 33, while 37 other stables haveentered from 5 to 29 of their weanlings. Peter the Great leads the list of stallions, he having 99 of his get in thelist of weanlings named in the secondpayment. The foals are owned in 35different states and Canada. Kentucky heads the list with 396; NewYork is second with 121 Massachusettsthira with 79 ;Pennsylvania fourthwith 55, and Ohio fifth with 50.Some Bunker.Meeaphonist (on siehtseeinc auto)j "This is Bunker Hill." -Golfing Briton Ah, that was a bunker, to besure!"Another Plant AbsorbedThe Middle West Utilities Company,a Chicago corporation, controlled bythe Insull interests, purchased of L.B. Herrington, Harvey Chenault andJ. Hale Dean allZthe stocks and bundsof the Richmond Electric & PowerCompany, ot Richmond, and havetaken possession of the property. Theprice'paid and future plans ofjthe newowneis are not made public.The purchasers aie the same peoplewho recently took over the Somerset.Lawrenceburg, Versailles, Shelbyville,Winchester and Mt. Sterling plants.It is probable that the property willultimately be operated and controlledby the Kentucky Utilities Company, aKentucky corporation, of which HarryReid, ofVerasilles. is the vice piesident and general manager. The mainoffices are to be located in Lexington.Extremes.She What an awfully tall man LordLofty is! He They say he's painfully short. -Ornamental Telephones.The palm must be awarded toFrance for novelties in telephones. Inone of the loud-speaking telephoneoutfits manufactured in Paris and designed to be used for communicationwithin the house, the instruments arehidden in flower vases, which may beplaced on the dining room table, on atable or mantel in the living room, orin the bedrooms. The receiver andmicrophone are mounted in the baseof the vase, a small plug and a flexiblecord serving for the connection withthe battery. A push button rings abell in the kitchen or servants' rooms,and the woman ( of the house cantransmit her orders without having tocall the servants to her. There areseveral variations of the idea, such,for instance, as an ornamental dishholder, or an odd-looking ornamentalfigure.Ton who are suffering the torturs or Eczema. Itch. Salt Rheum or otherTin dSSSSSiShohe days are mlsemule. whose mghu i are sleep-3cs b the ternble itcmntr. purnnw pam, .romc " iimV Will eiira J- c Hutze!!. R. P.-tnvr hri.irir treatment which has cured hundreds, -which I believe win cureinn I will S ff f rce Sowe paid, without any obligation on your part.3!st fill thefourinSond mail it to me. or write me. riving your name, aga and address.I will send the treatment free of cost to j ou.CUT AND MAIL TO DAT""'J. C. HUTZELL, 123 West Wain St., Fort Wayne, Ind.Please send -without cost or obligation to me your Free Proof Treatment.Killed Despite Handicap.Napoleon's wars were fought withflintlocks; but he was a pretty successful killer, despite the handicap.Chicago News.Ace."KTnwn ...... ..", - ftPost omco.s ' v V'V ISttu..... ,i - Street nd No...; ...&.?.....&..........Needs a Nickname.If it is true that a taxicab in Ath-i ens is called a polipolytantocinetharmoxaxe, we should think that beforeyou got through calling it, It might haout of sight.VTriangular Smile.No lady is suitably equipped nowfor any big function unless she hascontorted her face into what is knownas the "triangular smile." This "expression" is supposed to representsimplicity and innocence! It is formedby lifting the center part of the top lipto form an apex of the triangle, thej lower lip then representing the base.The upper teeth are thereby revealed,and some women are wearing tinyrosebud diamonds in their teeth.Others are wearing under the nostrilsa band fastened to the top of the head,thus drawing up the nose and top lip.Woman's model for next month is tobe Mephistopheles! Her hair will beadorned with the long, curved featherof the cap of Mephisto, measuringanything up to two feet in length.''NAUr VfTr A mtAwlAavi ?. Mr vyyli v -Vrjts SCHl0SSB0S6t0lI V f..tUcUn.Wr Lv' &. v &"' J Hew TrUSchloss Bros., & Co.,Baltimore, Md.,Hand Made SuitsAre Here DirectFrom The TailorsHands. . .We are showing the new Plum,Carnation, Grey and Browns, theprices very reasonable, $15 to $25.All Wool Fall Suits, newestshades at. . . .$10, $12.50 and $15.Our Fall Line of Haws VonGol Hats Douglass Shoes amiTiwn Bros., Special Shoes are arriving daily.The showing we are making,for Fall is in every way up to thehighest class, our prices are morereasonable than elsewhere.TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L. Wollstcin, Proprietor.L. & N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT DECEMBER 8, 1912'Trains ,A.rrrv-eFROMAtlanta, Ga., Daiiy 5.21 amLexington, Ky.j Daily 5.18amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Snnday 7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except .Sunday 8.12 amCincinnati, O., Dsily .. 9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , 10.20 amLexington, Ky,, Daily . 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily tlO.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 dm.Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 3.33 paiKnoxville.. Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily k 5.40 pmCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5.55 pmLexington, Ky., Daily .6,15 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 amJacksonville. Fla., Daily 6.18 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrains IDe-partMo. TO ,84 Cincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday r 5.35 am29 Lexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday .' 7.47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9.57 an37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.24 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10.29 am6 Maysville, K., Daily 12.05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.33 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.4o pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.52 pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 6 07 pm32 Cincinnati, O. , Daily : . .6.23 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.20 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.35 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.55 pm13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57 pmNo.341342971040373123326259138385393083231IN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trains j.rri"vreNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda : 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.30 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5T.50 pmTrains IDepartNo. TO7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday 9.53 am131 Frankfort, Ky Daily Except Sunday 5.55 pmAre You a Cold SuffererTake Dr. King's New Discovery.thebest cough, cold, throat and lung medicine made. Money refunded if itfails to cure you. Do not hesitatetake it at our risk. First dose helps.J. R. Wells, Floy dada.Texas, writes:"Dr. King's New Discoveiy cured myterrible cough and cold. I gained 15pounds." Bay it at Oberdorfer's.Luke McLiike Says.When two women. get real chummyand lay their souls bare before oneanother it is a sign that they are tohe deadly enemies in a few weeks.Cincinnati Enquirer.New Art Store!Dr. King's New DiscoyerySoothes irritated throat and lungs,stops chronic and hacking cough, rulieves tickling throat, tastes nice.Take no other; once used, alwaysused. Buy it at Oberdorfer's.More Likely.The girl who thinks no man Is goodenough for her may be right, but itis more likely that she is merelyspoiled.Mothers Can Safely Buy.Dr. King's New Discovery and giveit to the little ones when ailing andsuffering with coldi, coughs, throat orlung trouble, tastes nice, harmless,once used, always used. Mrs. BruceCrawford, Niagara, Ttfo., writes:"Dr. King's New Discovery changedour boy from a pale, weak, sick boy tothe picture of health. " Always keljw.Buy it at Oberdorfer's.I have opened an ArtStore next to Mrs. M. A.Paton. New and freshstock of all kinds offancy workEmbroidery,Pillow Cases,Towels,Underwear,Waists, Etc.Novelties of all KindsStamping Done on ShortNotice Everythingguaranteed to be thebest. :::::::mrs. & e. Boardper FARM LOANS!1,$l,Hlto$lM,0IOW. KING & SON.125 Cheapaide. Lexington, Ky-- ,ilt6-r,"KTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, K.Y., FEBRUARY 7, 1913Cut' .-rflihis OutTo-dayT. M. C. A. AUTO SCHOOL 7th "ygSfe o.Centleraen: Send me a booklet telling how I can prepare for a good jobas chauffer or repairman in time for the great spring rush in auto business.IName AddressCut this ad. out and mail TO-DAy.It will pay you to do so.Kentucky Gets Many Buildings.A difiDatch from Washington "Tuesday was as follows: "When the Public Buildings Revision Committee finally disposed today ot the items reported uy the Subcommittee on Kentucky Projects, Representative Cantrill had succeeded not orly in savingthe sabcommitee's itf-msbut had addedsite autnorizations for Prestonsburg,Hodgenville and Central City. Thetotal amount of Kentuckv authorizations carried in the bill is $433,000."The action of the Revision Committee is final and means that in alllikelihood all the items enumerated below will be in th draft that goes tothe President. In the Senate tl a 55,O00 apmopriation for Lancaster will beadded by Senator Branley."Mr. Cantrill's abilitv to get publicbuildincs for Kentucky has exceededthe wildest dreams of his colleagues.He is a member of the committee andwas ch2hman of the subcommitteethat aealt with Kentucky projects.His subcommittee today reported 'atotal cfS425,500. which total, insteadofjbein decrtased by the revision.committee, was skillfully aucmentedby $7,500 by Mr. Cantrill. The Revision Committee cut the authorizationfor a site and building at Glasgow:from $65,000 to 860.000, and scaledJown the site apnropriations for Pikeville and Paintsville.from $7,500 eachto $5,000 each. But it argeed to add-what Mr. Cantrill asked as a consolalon prize $7,500 for a site at Central'City ; $5,000 for a site at Prestonburg,and $5,000 for a site at Hodgenville."Oliver Chilled Improved Plows.We are sole agents fcr the genuineOliver chilled improved plows; new,clean stock.At J. S. WIISON & BRO.No Money to Pay Veterans'Pensions.Persons entitled to Confederate pensions will be disappointed, as it wasdecided Wednesday that there was nornoney in the State Treasury to paythe pensions. Wednesday had beenset as the date for the first paymentof pensiuns, but after a conferencebetween Treasurer Rhea, GovernorJMcCreary and W. J. Stone, PensionAgent, it was decided that there wasnot a dollar in the State Treasurywhich could be used for that purpose.Gas Men Seem to be Holding OffLatest developments in the effortsof the Central Kentucky Natural GasCo., to secure a franchise to enter thiscity leaves the impression that thevare evading the issue created at ameeting of the council last month,when the rranchisp was rejected because of the maximum rate not beingthe same as that in effect in uthercities. .Since the last meeting of the councilthere has been an effort marie to get aconference with Col. Tom Stewart, ofWinchester, who presented the franchise, in regard lo this and with aview of having this portion of thefranchise changed. He had arrangedto meet City Attorney C. A. McMillanand MayorJ. T. Hinlon and other cityofficials iast Saturday but -failed toput in his appearance.From the fact that Col. Stewart wasnot in the city and that there has beenno disposition on his part or any otherof the officials of the conlpanygto r confer with the city officials, it is the belief that the company entertains thehope that the council will grant thefranchise as it now stands.At the recent meeting of the councilthe members were unanimous in theiropinion that the maximum rate for gasshould be the same as that inJMt. Sterling, Lexington and Winchester andfor this reason they refused to grantthe franchise. It was the hope thenatural gas corrmany would accede tothe'demands and grant this concession.The matter will probably come up atthe next meeting of the council butthere is no chance for the franchise tobe granted unless the change in themaximum rate from fifty to forty centsper thousand feet is made.MATRIMONIAL.ANNOUNCEMENT.Announcement is made of the engagement of Miss Mary Louise Martin,of Burnside, and John W. Bell, formerly of this city, "but at present anemploye of the Kentucky LumberCompany at Burnside. Miss Martin isthe daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Martin,of Burnside, and Mr. Bell is the son ofMr. and Mrs. James R. Bell, of Bourbon county. The date of the weddingwas not announced.A marriageyesterday to Mr.Miss Mary EdnalicenseClaudeMason.was issuedBerry andContracts Mailed to ReservePlayersParis will have a team in the running of the Slue Grass League thisseason, or at least the indications pointin that direction at the present time.Contracts have been mailed to all ofthe reserved players and they are expected to be coming in at an earlydate.Ollie Chapman, one of the best menon the team last season, is an aspirantfor the position as manager of theteam and has written President Baconto that effect. He is a free agent, andfrom the fact that he probably wouldnut sign up under any other conditionshe is being prorninen tly considered.SecretaryWilliam Shire at the meeting of the Blue Grass League magnates in Lexington recently set therumor at rest that Paris would nothave a club in the league when hegave out the statement that the clubwould start the season and with theproper interest shown the coming season should be a most profitable one.President Bacon Tuesday mailedcontracts to Pitchers Blankenshipand Moore, Infielders Locke and Kuhlman and Outfielders Goodman .andGoul. A number of other men havewritten Mr. Bacon asking that they begiven a tryoutand have been sent contracts. The club at present is heavily indebt and a sufficient fund tor runningexpenses before the season-opens mustbe raised. In all probability a campaign with this in view will be startedat a later date and it is the expressedhope that loyal fans will contributelibptally. Paris should not be withouta team this year and there is no reasonwhv a good one could not be secure torepresent the town in the Blu Grass.NOTES.Walter Mayer, the former star ot theBourbcnites, who has been with theWhite Sox. has been sent'to the Birmingham club in the Southern League.Tilford Jones, manager of the Pioneers last season, is 'a candidate forthe Republican nomination for Sheriffof Laurel county.George Kircher, a former BlueGrasser, who has been playing withNorfolk, is numbered among the holdouts. Charles Warren, a gigantic youngpitcher of Louisville, has signed withthe Colts for the coming season. Heis only nineteen years old and is saidto be.a wonder. The Lawmakers hada bid in for the big fellow and his services were sought by a South AtlanticLeague Club.The Cincinnati Times-Star savs :"There is one man in Cincinnati whoknew James Thorpe, the famous Indian all around athlete played professional base ball, lie is Ed McKeman,manager of the Battle Creek team,who played on the same team withThorpe in the Eastern Carolina League,now defunct. McKeman covered second base for Fayettsville while Thorpewas a member of the pitching staff in1910. "I remember Thorpe, becausehe was tne best of the several Indianball players who plaved on variousteams in the Eastern Carolina' Leaguehat season," said McKernan. "Thorpethen was rioted for his great speed inrunning the bases. He was a fairlygood pitcher, and his one weakness wasbatting. I'm very sorry PresidentAugust Herrmann of the CincinnatiLuke McLuke SaysThey are wearing vests, fellows.Honest. The weskits are made ofvelvet and moire silk and --are wornover the wsist. This is good news, asthe vesta have four pockets and theywon't have to exhibit knots m-theirstockings when they want to carry alittle change.I would hate to he a school teacherand have plenty of time and no money.A'woman can't hit a fence when shethrows anything, but when she tries toshoot her husband she can't miss hisheart.A heavy union suit isn't vdry thick,but a whole lot of hobbles have beenlet out at the waist band since the coldwave hit town.One "of the outdoor sports that Ihaven't any use for is to see a wolfchpsing a chicken.The smallest thing in the world is aman who will have his fling and thenwhine that the woman tempted him. pTheAincorseted effect is now the realthing. And the.girls who have 'em areas busy making 'em disappear as thegirls who haven't 'em are in trying tofake up a life-like substitute.An echo is the only thing in theworld that can beat a woman out ofthe last word.We live so fast nowadays that sometimes a bride is figuring on her secondhusband while she is combing the riceout of her hair.The day they are married He looksso big that She wonders why they don'twiden the streets. And after theyhave been married five years he looksso little that she wonders why theydo not plug up the holes on the lidsover the corner sewers.Things are pretty soft for the youngfellows nowadays. They can be introduced to a girl at a ball and afterdancing a one-step they know asmuch about her as if they had beencourting her for two yearn.A woman is a person who justknows that something awful is goingto happen and then gets mad becauseit doesn't happen. 'It is surprising where ail the poorpeople comes from. Every man in theworld brags about his rich relatives.We all know that girls are too modest to go to see problem plays. Butwhen a real naughty one is in towna man can hardly get his hat underan orchestra seat because of the wadsof chewing gum sticking there.When ycu get a look at some of-the things that are called hubsandsyou can 't blame a lot of girls for remaining old maids.It is surprising how" much comfort agirl can get out of .a set of swell lingerie that she knows nobody can see.One of the hardships of being ashort man is that you often meet atall girl who isjwearing a low. Dutchcollar on her' waist.This is a funny world. Men aregetting divorces every day becausetheir wives spend too much moneyon clothes. And a girl like MaryGarden can't find a husband.Ever notice that no matter how highhur hobble may be she always hoists itwhen she crosses a muddy street. Andwhen isay "she" I mean the oneswho have props like gas pipes. Cincinnati., Enquirer.ROYALBAKINGPOWDERAbsolutely PureEconomizes Butter, Flour,Eggs ; makes the food more 'appetizing and wholesomeThe only Baking Powder madefrom Royal Grape Cream oi TartarLr tv&P?i .DEATHS.DALZELL.The six months' old infant of Mr.and Mrs. C. H. Dalzel! died Tuesdaynight of meningitis, at their home inLittle Rock, this county. The funeralwas held Thursday afternoon.MILLERSBURG ITEMS.Goodtreat-Reds failed to sitrn him as he wouldi iWe opened tills week our doors with a saSe unequaled in Mercantile history.Shoes and Rubbers to be turned into cash at once. The (mildest winter on record,the alrnosc entire lack of snow, left us overstocked with winter shoes and Rubbers. WE MUST H AVUJ CASH. We must clear our sheaves of all remaining wintergoods to make room for our spring orders.We have given you great values before, but we tell you now that this sale willeclipse anything ever before attempted. Absolutely new goods, dependable footwear at prices positively less than the makers' cost.Clean Sweep Sale of Winter Footwear.Ladies! Tan and Black 1 6-Button Boots, all thisseason s latest styles, $4 values,Sale PriceLadies' Tan and Black Button Shoes andall $2.50 grades,Sale PriceLadies' High-Grade Shoes, all latest styles in Suedes,Velvet, Tan, Gun Metal, $3 and 0 M 4Sale Price JfcgButton and Lace, in GunMetal and Patent,Sale Price .. ;S2b9oloes and Boots,$1.98Xinmen's Goodyear Welt Shoes, all latest stylesButton and Blucher, in Gun Metal, Tan and Patent,Values $3 and $3.50,Sale Price$3.50 grades.Ladies' $2.00 Shoes,Men's $2.50 Shoes in Gun Metaland Vici Kid. Sale PriceMen's $2 and $2.50 Shoes,Sale PriceMisses' $2 Gun Metal ShoesSale PriceS1.49$1.49150 pairs Men'sPatent Leather,Sale PriceMen's 3-Buckle all Rubbertics, $3 grade. Sale PriceMr. Frank Caldwell left Tuesday fora business trip to Canada.Mr. Walt Hawkins left Tuesday forWinchester to enter Kentucky Wesleyan College.Miss Vee Patterson left Tuesdayfor a visit to her sister. Mis. HarlanParrish, at Lexington.Mrs. Carl Martin is at theSamaritan Hospital undergoingment for stomach trouble.Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Kerr left Tuesday for a visit to her sister, MrsMartha Baldwin, at Maysville.Mr. R. O. S. Letton returned Monday after a several verks' visit to hisbrother. Mr. William Letton, at Atlanta, Ga.Mr. Malcolm Linville, son of Mr. J.H. Linville, located at Peru, Ind., hasbeen raised to chief clerk in the Master Mechanics Factory in that city. .We desire to thank our many friendswho so kindly assisted us in extinguishing the fire at uur home Wednesday morning.MRS. M. J. CALDWELL ANDFAMILYTtcv. i. C. Goldsmith, of Georce-not only wove a big attraction" but he towil) nas accepted th call as natoralso gives promise of,becoming a sen- of tne Bantist church at this pla'ce forsational ball player." ! half his time and will conduct serviceshere everv second and fourth Sundayin the month.The Glee Club of Transylvania UniI versity will : give a concert Monday' eveningat the opera house under theauspices of the Laaies Aid Society ofthe Christian church. Secure yourtickets early as the house will becrowded.Amity Lodge No. 40 F. and A. M.met Tuesdav night ana arranged for aMasonic sermon Sunday evening, February 23. It will be preached by Rev.B. C. Horton, of Mt. Sterling. Mr.Horton was formerly pastor of theMethodist church here.About 9:30 o'clock Wednesday morning a small blaze was discovered onthe roof ot the residence of Mrs. M. J.Caldwell, but was soon controlled bythe bucket brigade, rendering the useof the fire engine unnecessary. Thedamage was slight. The fire is supposed to have originated from a sparklodging between the'shingles near thechimnev. Thejpropertv'was insured inthe Phoenix Mutual with Dr. W. M.Miller's agency. The damage was atonce reDaired.There was but little business transacted at the recular meeting of theCity Council Wednesday night. Allmembers were present A ,few smallaccounts :were allowed. .Mr. FrankVimont was granted a lease of one "ofthe city lots. The light committeerecommended after a counsel with expert electricians, the adding of eightymore lights to the prese it aynamo.The boaid of supervisors who havejust completed their work were present and subraited the following report: Total assessable property belonging to white peoDle for year 1912,S380, 511 ; 'colored rlrpperty, 30,000;total, $410,511. Increase made byBoard of Equalization over the assessor's Account was S111.6S6, of whichi 8.926 were cash and notes.Misses' and Children's School Shoes, made in GunMetal and Patent, High and Medium Tops,$1.50 grade,Sale PriceInfants' Soft Solesgrade. Sale Price$mostly lace, 25 c99c10cBoys' Schoo! Shoes, $1 .50 grade,Sale PriceLad's Storm Rubbers, 60c value,Sale Price ... '.Zi39$1.69$1.49 1$4.00 Walk-Over Shoes, mostly9fci99$1.99:99cRELIGIOUS.Arc-39cMisses' Rubbers, ,50c value,Sale Price .'. .29cfMen's $4 Rubber Boots, Now $2.98DAN COHENRev. E. M. Lightfoot will be inhis pulpit Sunday morninc and evening at the usual hours. The subjectat the morning service will be "TheServant in the House," and at night"The Bible and the Public School."St. Peter ss Episcopal church. Rev.George H. Harris, lector. DuringLenten season services will be as follows : Sunday Sunday school at 8":30a. m. Wednesday ; service and address at 8:15 a. m. Friday; litanyand address at 4 u. m. The generalsubject of the rector's Sunday sermons will be "Old Truths Explainer? " On WpHnpsrlpo nicrhfc ftioEpistle of St. James will be readand exolained, chanter by chapter.t For Friday afternoons the general' subject of the"addresses will beI "Some Lessons of Church Historyand Worship."Bishop Burton will be present nextI Sunday and Dreach the sermon. Acordial invitation to attend these services is extended the public.Injured in Runaway Accident.As a result -of a runaway accidentwnich occurred Wednesday afternoonMr. George Kas3enfoss suffered severeinjuries and is confined to his homeon High street.The accident occurred shortly afterlive o'clock Wednesday afternoonwhen Mr. Rassenicss was returningfrom hi3 farm on the Georgetown pike.As he was driving out of the gateleadine into the dace onto the !pike abolt in the shaft broKe letting this partof the vehicle fall upon the foot of thehorse, which became frightened andran away.Mr. Rassenfoss attempted to stopthe frightened animal but without result, and when the wagon in which hewas nding was dashed against a telephone post he was thrown to thec round. ,He suffered a dislocatedshoulder, a wrenched hip and his baclcwas injured.There was no one in the vicinity ofwhere the accident occurred and it wassome time before help reached him.He wab brought to his home in thiscity where a physician was summonedto attend his injuries.Fine Gelding Sold'James S. Gay, of Woodford county,purchased from John T. Collins andSon. of Ncrth Middletown, the fivegaited gelding, fSeneca, by TeddyRoosevelt. The purchase was madeforT. U. Hardy, of Augusta. Ga.,andjwhile the price was nor made public was said to be very good.Four and Seven in the Pie; ThenSome.Blackbirds in the neighborhood ofMr. Jesse Turney on the Maysvillepike, a few miles from this city are sonumerous that, according to the statement of Mr. Jack Turney, they almostbreak the branches upon thejtrees, andit is estimated that fully three thousand of the feathered tribe roost ineach of the trees. The birds becameso noisy the other night that the slumbers of the members of the familywere disturbed and an effort was madeto abate the nuisance. The young Air.Turney, according to his story, withanother member of the family wentinto the yard with an automatic shotuun and fired into one of the trees.No noise from the birds disturbedthem again that night. The nextmorning on going into the yard sixtyseven of the birds were found beneaththe tree, while on adjoining farms alarge number were found, and two arereported to have been picked up in thevicinity of Millersburg. Some blackBlanche Ring at Lexington.StamDed with the approval of NewYork, Chicago, and the larger citiesof the country, "The Wall Street Girl"is again Blanche Ring's starring vehicle this season, and this popularcomedienne will be seen in this greatest of her successes at the LexingtonUpera House Monday. February 10.When it comes to singing songs,there is only one Blanche Rine. In"The Vall Street Girl" there arefully a dozen tuneful numbers and halfof them tall to Miss Ring; amonRthem being "Deedle Dura Dee." "IWant a Regular Man," "I Should HaveBeen Born alBoy," and "Whistle It."Miss Ring has surrounded herself witha chorus of stunning girls, who assistmaterially in making the songs worthwhile.Margaret Mayo and Edgar Selwyare the co-authors of "The Wall StreetGirl," while Hapgood Burt i responsible for the lyrics. The music is bythe late Karl Hoschna and variousothers. The piece is in three acts andirrespective ot the music and songswould make an interesting rjlay.James Greene, a Wall street broker,disappointed in not having a aon.brings up'his daughter, Jemima, in amannish fashion. Her interest centers in a business career until shemeets Dexter Barton from Nevada.Then she throws her masculine training to the wind3 and adoats all thsfluffs and flounces s,o dear to the heartsof most women.Barton has a gold mining proDositionto sell and when this is turned downby Greene, Jemima takes a hand andbuys a half interest. How the goldmine saves Greene from financial failure and how Jemima falls in love withher mining partner are cleverly workedout by the co-authors.Featured with Mis3 Ring is WillRogers, whose lariat throwing andquaint humor touched New York andChicago's funny bone. Among theother principals are William P. Carleton, Paul Porter. Charles Winninger.Elmer Thomasop, George Gaston.Kate WinRlield, Lillian Spencer andAlice Sullivan, glr&t3StHv