NEW!v--lw:.P-i'-2tVr,-v - wr '- :rV v5&AtCVPUBLISHED ETOBY TUESDAY AND FBIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1913.THEOURBON4IWifti Det&chableHandles2 NOW ON DISPLAY LIN OUR WINDOW.Let Us Demonstrate TheirSuperiority..VIIA9 - IS f )4vf.p"rFLOUR!ILancaster PrideThe Best Flour For Less Money.Try a Sack and if Not Satisfactory weWill Refund Your fVloney, as We(Guarantee Every Sack.25 lbs. Lancaster Pride Flour $ .SO50 lbs. Lancaster Pride Flour 1 .60100 lbs. Lancaster Pride Flour 3.10The best Northern Potatoes, per pk. .' 30c(These are fancy white stock)Sweet Potatoesper pk 35cCabbage, nice solid heads, per lb . . ' 3cDried Sliced -Beef in glass jars 20c(Regular 25cvvalue)Stone's Wrapped Cakes Received Fresh Everv Day.Both 'Phones 234T T I PIVIH1M. V ' Im casn grocery. m$$sBHoleproof HosieryGuaranteed For Six Monthsgmwmammm : : iiwhwih i-:wwrrimnJe mmmmmwamtDEMOCRATS SURE OF VICTORYIN ELECTION TO BE HELD TODAYWith the campaign over and thelast word said, there was an air 'ofconfidence among the Democraticleaders last night who feel that victory is assured in the election to-day,and it is pointed that C. A. McMillanwill win by a safe majority over hisRepublican opponent, Mr. D. M. Hurst. ,It is also predicted that J. N. Shropshire, Democratic nominee for "Magistrate from the Centqrville precinct,will win easily and that Jack Woodswill defeat his Republican opponentfor Councilman from the Third ward.Bonrbon County Democratic Cam- Sj(paign Committe with all of his assist- Uiv4-r. ViftTT T-n-n-i Vir.$1r fw rvn n-wj1 ffti f I1nauto uavc uccu uuaiij cugagcu xui iucpast few days arranging every detailwith the result that a thorough organization has been perfected. ""The registration in this city is a clear evidence of a large majority for theDemocratic candidate in the city,while the county will roll up its usual majority for the party's nominee.Every Democrat who has the interest of his party at heart should goto the polls early this morning andcast his vote for the party nominee.Urge your neighbor to asume an active part and enter the fight in earnest and with a determination to win.Go early and cast your vote for theDemocratic nominees.5Jh-:-ftA."3.r 1"WE KIHOW HOW"MA CKINA WCOATS-t1 HfNOVEMBER COURT IS ATTENDED BY LARGE NUMBERSA large crowd attended Novembercourt yesterday and considerable business was transacted. The number ofmules offered showed quite an increase over that of last court but lessthan half of them changed hands,many of those offered going unsold.Two hundred head of cattle andtwo hundred head of sheep were onthe market at the pens of M. J. Murphy & Co., and most of them changedhands.Maurey Weil, of Lexington, sold toF. E. Nelson twenty-five 1,000 poundcattle at? 7 cents.W. H. Whaley sold to C. W. Mathers flftten 950 pound cattle at 6 cts.per pound.John D. Marshall sold to W. D. McIntyre twenty-fiye 600 pound cattle at6 cents.W H. Whaley sold to John Shropshire fifteen 900 pound cattle at 6cents per pound.J. D. Marshall sold to W. H. Whaley 100 sheep at $4.50 per head.Mr. Whaley also purchased fromHurbert Potts fifty head of sheep at$4.50 per head.Caywood & McClintock sold fivehead of cattle to Lee Stephenson at$37 per headThis firm also sold to Martin Bros,fifteen sheep at $5.50 per head.Caywood & McClintock bought ofMyers & McClintock tree mules for$550.One mule from 'Stewart Urmstonjfor $145.They sold to West Virginia partiesthirteen mules for $2,670.Mr. Oscar Hedges, of near N,orthMiddletown, sold yesterday to Mr.Whitsett, of Montgomery county, 33head of cattle that averaged 1,100pounds. The price while private issaid to have been a good one. Thedelivery will be made this week.DELEGATES FROM PARISSCHOOL ATTEND CONFERENCEUS9i!lAre a pleasure to ladies and mothers,darning. AH sizes. -NoOur StocK of Winter Wear isComplete.Union Suits and Separate Garments at allsiPThe Second Kentucky State Conference of the older boys and leadersunder the auspices of the KentuckyYoung Men's Christian Associationwas held in Nicholasville last weekbeginning Friday night and continuing through Sunday.There were fully two hundred delegates in attendance and every comfort was provided for them by the citizens of Nicholasville. The ParisHigh School Club of the BourbonCounty Young Men's Association sentfive delegates to the conference andthe music for the occasion was furnished by the High School Band ofthis city. The delegates from the local organization were Prof. HomerWilson, of the High .School Faculty,Messrs. Dennis Snapp, Stuart Wallingford, Barnett Winters and EdwardMyall. The delegates were taken toNicholasville in automobiles while themembers of the band, made the tripI on interurban cars. Others from Parj is, who were present were: Mr.iChas. M. Griffiin. Secretary of theI local Y. M. C. A.; Professor J. S.i Johnson, C. P. Lancaster, and Messrs.TT..U n-nA Onlln "YXfj-vTI D ain ' Pnliorfand William Mitchell, William Talbott, Eli Friedman, Landen Templinand Thomas Link.The conference closed Sundaynight. The High School Club wasorganized recently with a chartermembership of thirty-five and reportsare to the effect that it is growingrapidly.TWELVE CASES OF SMALLPOX IN'RAILROAD CAMP.V: Are All the Rage Among the MenThis . Falland if you don't come in and buy one of these coats nowyou will regret it later on. The??J"fMackinaw Coatis a short, heavy wool garment, cut 33 to 36 inches long;made Double-Breasted and Norf olh style in dark MarounPlaids, Greys, Tans and Dark Green Colors, just the thingfor the fellow wants to keep warm and still not to bebothered with a long heavy Overcoat.Come in to our store and try one one, as we have anendless variety. These Coats, which we shall take pleasure irfshowing you all prices frQm $5 to $1 2.9Mitchell & Blakemore,The Store for Men's Styles Paris, KentuckyJErHiuiiimiiii!ii?itTjmjsmiiiiiiii!iiuii smhmiuim::i!ii!!iiiiiKi3iMiUHniiuiJMimiiiiiiuniiiiimiun!SMC H. yK. ML .l.m.i-HFRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.rHi?iSPECIALSmHigh-Grade Satin Lined Suits, Ladies'and Misses " .4Z V4fWl& V$15.00 Each0!Alterations Free:pf-S-v' .-'t -"Jw iiChinchilla and Zibilene Coats,Extra Good Values$10.00 -Each :prices.vZpPRI6& & 60. GiotmersIIImmwmarid FurnishersmIPWith a frozen well-developed casesof small pox and the possibility ofthe number being increased, a railroadVamp about three miles north ofParis on the L. & N. is under strictquarantine. ' No one is permitted toIfiave or enter the camp. The disease made its appearance about tendays ago and is believed to have beenbrought intOvthe camp by a numberof white men who were imported fromLee county to assist in laying therails on the new double track between Paris and Winchester. It issaid that practically the whole camphas been exposed and every effort isbeing made' to check the spread. Allof the men. stricken are white. The"camp has been in'charge of John Berry forman'of anextra gang, of laborers" and' is located "near Bedford station. - v . icUrnCrepe Kimonas, Full Length,All Colors .-' ' $1.00 Each ' ...Gingham House DressesJ;A11 Sizes and All Colorsv-; $1.00 Each 'Come in and See these SpecialsaiJFRAftK oc CO., ! tBUiUfJUiMlHHMtlI.CTIIIIIUIimilHIIilMllHHllIlMlllHUllMttl'ltMililirriimiHllUllHHl)EHHMH8 k iWaUIJISUW3UMIUUi' ; -jjafIvf z.ts.Erg-twwa-.jgBjiia iTiMr-'iir - i n i - . , n - - !:LT . . ' - - "Z -ttvTrrr-trnrwmm "w rr - a r , . -,. -THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOVEMBER 4.- 1913i .fbf- X-.Jiit& 1Iff.rVhia iA. -'rANNOUNCEMENT !ZH Paris Rome telephone ana CeUgrapD Co.A Kentucky corporation, has purchased the property and plant ofthe Bourbon County Home Telephone Company, and will continue-' the business as an Independent Telephone Company, connectingwith Independent Toll Lines and over 100,000 Home TelephoneZ Subscribers in Kentucky.The business of the Company will be under the direct supervision of J. J. Veatch, District Manager. New cable is being installed, open wire removed, and modern, up-to-date, central energy service will be provided for our subscribers.I " Call contract department and order your telephone now.V(Incorporated).,GO SOUTH THIS WINTERGo where fair skies, ideal weather, and outdoor enjoyment dispel allthought of winter's discomfort.WINTER TOURIST FARESNOW AVAILABLE VIATO ALL RESORTS OF THE SOUTHINCLUDING FLORIDA, NEW ORLEANS; PANAMA AND!'LAND OF THE SKY."TICKETS ON SALE DAILY. LONG RETURN LIMIT.ATTRACTIVE STOP-OVER PRIVILEGES.EQUIPMENT, SERVICE AND SCENERY UNSURPASSED.-For details consult any Ticket Agent or writeH. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent, 101 East Main St, Lexington, Ky.The Bourbon NewsEstablished 1881 32 Years of Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Published Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.TRIMMED AND BURNING.-'rTr.fii Bourbon Laundry jIRecently the Metropolitan papersprinted an item about a man who kepta lamp in his window for forty yearsto guide his sweetheart to his westI ern home. She never came, but thelamp burned brightly just the same.His faith did not faltar. He has implicit trust. Yet she had been drowned at sea, yet every night he trimmed his lamp and set it as beacon; for her feet.All over the land such beaconnights are burning, even in our inland'towns, far from the surge of the rolling sea. When once the light of loveIs kindled the winter winds blow inIvain to extinguish it. When the stormis at its height, then the fog gathersthe thickest, then it is that the faithful light burns the clearest. The raysfrom the lone lamp have more ofstrength and beauty than could bepacked into the crown of jewels of anemperor.DAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetssisspiSWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous icr fine work and itdever goes bBck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.99 (?The Best in the WorldTheTheHiggin All-MetalScreens,Higgin AU-MetalWeather Strip.Distributors of the Walger NewcTVlodel AwningThe Best Awning Ever Put UpSuitable For Residences, Office and Hotel Buildings,School Houses, Etc.Some of Our Customers in Paris Massie" Hospital, A.J. Winters, Geo. Alexander, N. F. Brent, J.,W. Davis,Deposit Bank, T. H. Clay, Mitchell & Blakemore and dozens of others.Our Sales Agents will gladly furnish an estimate foryou. Get the Higgin service and be satisfied.Screens bought now for future delivery are . made at 2cents per square foot cherper.T. A. Hendricks,Don't try to follow every fashionunless you wish to ruin your health,your good looks and your pocketbooks.Take aim before you shoot; otherwise your shot may go crashing inamong heart strings and still theirquivering forever.Words of kindness do more goodhan hard speeches, as the sunbeams,withont any noise, will make a traveler cast off his coat, which all theblustering winds could not do. Ifwe are kind to others, we not onlybenefit them, but the influence onthem is great, and if we cultivate thegrace of kindness our own charactersgrow nobler and better.The only way to live happily is tosize up one's means, and live withiinthem. Going in debt for things thatone can do without, trying to make a$2,000 salary do the work of $5,000 iswhat ruins tempers and brings gray'hairs about the temples, Alls suicide'sgraves and breaks up homes. Thetendency of the times is toward inflation, happiness lies in the other direction, and the woman of the housecan have a wholesome influence inthe right direction, if they but exertthemselves. Many a man is startedon the wrong path by the demands ofa selfish wife for more than he canhonestly furnish her in the way ofthe house and personal adornments.No man will go very far wrong whosewife exerts the right influence overhim.Don't wait until a man gets intotrouble before lending him a helpinghand; don't wait until he gets sickto extend him your sympathy, don'twait until he is dead to speak in eulogy of him. Strive to make him happy as he walks down the pathway oflife, then you will have done somegood, but if you wait until he dies,your helping hand, your sympathyand your eulogies will avail him nothing as he plunges into the Great Unknown.X Phone 2585Sales AgentLexington, Ky.One of the sweetest occupations ofold age is recalling the scenes andoccurrences of one's youth. So tryto stop up as many pleasant recollections as possible for a future supply. Among the happiest will befound those of the good we did forothers, and the innocent fun we en-joyed.Never to tire, never to grow old, tobe patient, sympathetic, tender, tolook for the budding flowers and theopening heart, to hope always, to lovealways this is duty.23-sept-tfiff WfWWWW IWhen you feeltvoss. tirecf, worried or despondent it is asure sign yoa need MOTTS NERVERINEfH,lr i ney renew tne normal vigor anamake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMott's Nerverkie Pills jSiSWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OhioLv Oberdorfer, Druggist. Paris, Ky...For Sale.A CONSUMPTIVE COUGHXs-- .vcolonialA cough that bothers you continually is one of the danger signals thatwarns of consumption. Dr. King'sNew Discovery stops the cough, loosens the chest, banishes fever and letsyou sleep peacefully. The first dosechecks the symptoms and gives youprompt relief. Mrs. A. F. Mertz, ofGlen Ellen, Iowa, writes: "Dr. King'sNew Discovery cured a stubborncough after six weeks' doctoring hadfailed to help." Try it, as it wilL dothe same for you. Best medicine forcoughs, colds, throat and lung troubles. Money back if it fails. Price50c. and $1.00. All , druggists, hymail.. v H. K IJucklen & Go.', PhiladelLUKE McLUKE SAYS,If there were no sickness or sorrow or suffering in the world therewould be nothing to call forth thesympathies of humanity. In fact, ifthere were no storms or tempests ofthe soul, we would never know howto appreciate the restful calm andsunshine the joy that comes ofgentle peace. The view of life isnecessary to reconcile us to an endurance of life's ill. It teaches- us totake things as we find them; to stopquarreling with our surroundings andmourning over what cannot be helpedbut rather to set ourselves diligentlyat work to improve conditions andcircumstances in which we are involv-1ed.If there are any brambles androcks in our pathway instead of sitting down placidly and ignoring thefact, we should realize the necessityof great personal effort in making theway smoother for those who must follow; and with ready heart and handwe should lend nnrRplvoa i-n Via -nmr-ir if So will life "become sweeter from du-'ty performed, and wo. shall mountheavenward as we grow into the lm:age of p. better manhood and woman.hood. v .(Cincinnati Enquirer.)When the installment collector rapsat the door, Romance always flies njif i he window.It doesn't matter how deply in lovea girl may be, she never forgets toget the right change for a dollar.After a woman has raised five orsix children she regards Castor Oilas one of the Seven Wonders of theWorld.The old-fashioned blush used tocome and go. But nowadays if itgoes before she washes it off shewants the druggist to give her themoney back.There is no fool like the fool whothinks he understands a woman.What has become of the old-fashionedman who used to spend hisnights coloring a meershaum pipe?Some people imagine Charity meansatending to other people's businesswithout charge.One of the nice things about beingpoor is that you never suffer from appendicitis or kleptomania.The High Cost of Living is here toto stay, even though the Tariff billhas become a law. But there is noduty on Smiles, and Happiness is ascheap as it ever was. You may hateyour poor lot in life and envy theman with the mansion and the limousine, but everywhere there arepoorer suls who envy you your lot,and crippled creatures who envy youyour straight limbs. Cheer up.All fat girls are thankful that theyare not thin and all thin girls arethankful that they are not fat.When people know a man has somemoney it costs him more than he'sgot to live up to the reputation.If a man was as good as he wantshis wife to be Old Satan would haveto close up the Hades House for lackof boarders.It is hard to make a loser believethat the cards were not stacked.The reason a man gets excitedwhen he sees a pair of corn-fedcalves through a skirt is because heknows he ought not to see them.A Human Match Factor?The body contains phosphorus sufficient to make 483,000 matches. Phosphorus is one of fourteen elements composing the body divided amongbones, flesh, nervous system and other organs. The perfect health of bodyrequires a perfect balance of the elements. These elements come from thfood we eat the stomach extracts and distributes them.But if stomach is deranged the balance of health is destroyed and theblood does not carry the proper elements to the different o.rgans, and thereis blood trouble nerve trouble heart trouble. Pal.i 1 the hungry cry ofstarved organs. Put the liver, stomach and organs of digestion and nutrition into a condition of health. That is just what is done byDR. PIERCE'SGOLDEN MEDICAL DISCOVERYwhich has been so favorably known for over 40 years. It is now put up intablet form, as well as liquid, and can be obtained of medicine dealerseverywhere or by mail by sending 50 cents in 1c stamps for trial boxaddress R.V. Pierce, M. D., Buffalo, N.Y.THE COMMON SENSE MEDICAL ADVISERIs a book of 1008 pages hana-omely bound :a cloth-treatsof Physiology Hygiene, AnMomy, Medicine and ia a completeHome Physician Send 31, 1 atuaj p.. i j R.V .?Eercc,3ufr2lo,N.Y.CAUSE OF INSOMNIAPThe most common cause of insomnia is disorders of the stomach andconstipation. Chamberlain's Tabletscorrect these disorders and enableyou to sleep. For sale by all dealers.Nov (adv)Some housewives put a little waterin the kettle in which milk is to heheated to prevent the milk scorching.Another method is to sprinkle in a little granulated sugar and let it gethot before pouring in the milk.A brace and bit that will work incorners, the invention of a Connecticut man, is given a triangular frame,the bit being an extension of one side,while the handle revolves on another.A California vineyard is protectedfrom grasshoppers by means of a bigsuction fan, which draws the pestsinto its clutches.Sweeden exported 35,000,000 poundsof matches in the six months ending with last June.CRIES OF GIRLA NEW TELEPHONE DIRECTORY.Manager H. H. Floyd, of the Paris "Evntm nf T,a r,iI berland Telephone & Telegraph Company, announces that the newitJiepuune ujrectury will soon De ISSUea.. ,Thl n.eT, Jstwil be corrected up to November 1st, and hastates i that all those who wish to make changes in their listingsor to have their names placed in the new directory, should comlmunicate with him at once.Those who are contemplating installing telephones in theirhomes or offices.should act promptly in order that their namesmay appear properly m the new directory.Manager Floyd states that there will be a number of newnames added to the list and that the growth of the exchange hereis a strong indication of the progress of Paris ;Leads to Arrest of Former VirginiaMayor.At Roanoke, Va., Wesley H. Terry,63 years of age, former Mayor ofFloyd, Va., is lodged in the local jailfor safe keeping, after being arrestedin Floyd County on a charge of attempting to attack the fifteen-year-olddaughter of S. B. Pedigo, Clerk of theCircuit Court of Floyd County.Terry had a narrow escape from being lynched at the hands of infuriated men when his alleged offense became known. The Pedigo girl andher sister, who is two years older,were asleep in a second floor of theirhome. The younger child was aroused by the presence of Terry, it is alledged, who gained entrance by meansof a ladder from the yard., The girl's cries aroused her father,who arrived after the departure ofTerry, who had left his hat and shoesin the room. Terry is married, hiswife being an inmate of a hospital forthe insane at Marion. He confessedhaving been in the room, but said hemeant no harm, having gone therejust to freighten them.Judge W. W. Moffett will probablyorder a speedy trial as the offense hasgreatly enraged all citizens of thetown of Floyd.SEE USroRI Halloween! NoveinesNATIONAL5c and 10cStoreOct 3 tfaaaaiiaaaaaaaa tiit ar-- -:Hot Facts About Fuel!If you have been a housekeeper any lengthof time you have probably tried different kindsof COAL. And after all kinds of experiences and complaints you know there is justone kind of FUEL that gives absolute satisfaction always, that is Fox RidgeCoal. Remember you cannot 'order tooearly to avoids the high priees.Dodson DentonThe Home of Good CoalYards, bouth Mam St. Both Phones 140-'ifiK" rr nr- mm , r m .n m JsjajlCumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporatedLadies, Take a Look!ATTwin Bros. Department Store.New Arrival ofLa-dies' Stylish Fall Suits, Coats. Skirts,Waists, Millinery, Shoes, Etc,Handsome Drygoods and Fall Drygoodsand Silks.TwinBrosDeparimeni stoicCorner Seventh and Main Sts.Mtal Slat VTeforiaShinfr tmfraTShwfr OmlShUtfil;anriiol4QlMThe four designs of Cortright Metal Shingles as shown above aremade in any of the following ways :1 . Stamped from Tin-plate and painted Red.2. Stamped from Tin-plate and painted Green.3. Stamped from Tin-plate and Galvanized by a hand-dipping process.4. Stamped from special tight-coated Galvanized Sheets.Each and every genuine Cortright Metal Shingle is embossed with thkTrade-mark, " Cortright Reg. U. S. Pat. Off" 6For Sale byBest & Hawkins, Millersburg, y-F-Pair of bres" andirons,wjt. Both pnonas34.phia or St. Louis. - , sNov 3 , . (adv).y v- - ' - v.Vvtita"-,,'TIHfc BOURBON NEW PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOVEMBER 4, 1913per mumC6I)L $MW to $100,000W. KING & SON,125 Cheaoside. Lexlnsrton, KyICANCER CURED tI guarantee every case I tin-dertake; 20 years practice; ref- Jerence, any citizen of Paris.:DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.TO FULL PUBBHHSEBSf- If you are looking for a good" Suit or Overcoatat reasonable prices for Fall and Winter, here is the placeto get one.We made a lucky purchase of Men's Suits and Overcoats that would retail at $15, $18 and $20, but we are-offering them as a special inducement forSi'2We also have a full line of Schloss Bros.' guaranteeda -tailored Suits for $15 to $25. Emerson Shoes at $4nd $5, also Stetson and Hawes Von Gal Hats.Other lines of merchandise can be had at a price thatwill please your pocket-book.TWIN BROS., CLOTHINGL. Wollstein, Proprietor.Pans Odorless Cleaning Co.Let us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats" Cleaned andReblockedlto your satisfaction.We Call ForJ and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam LevyProprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25ciHaMNMHiNaHBL. ScEFFECTIVE OCT. 19, 1913Trains jrrrveNo. FROM34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5:21am134 Lexington, Ky., Daily 5 : 18 am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunda.y ,7:35am7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:38 am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:45 am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7: 42 am37 Cincinnati, O., Daily 9:38 am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10 : 20 am12 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:24 am26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12: 00 m25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:15pm138 Lexington, Ky., Daily 3:33 pm38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:30 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5:35 pm39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5 : 50 pm8 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6:18 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6:23 piri31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrains IDe-peirtNo. TO.34 Cincinnati, O., Daily ., 5:28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .' .5:35 am7 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . .s 7 : 47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday ... 7: 50 am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday r: 7: 50 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily .' .' 9:43am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 7 9:45 am33 Jacksonvville, Fla., Daily 10:29 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:27 am6 Maysville, Ky., Daily 12:05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12 : 04 am13 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday m 3:33 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3:40 pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5: 56 pmx 39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5 : 58 pm- 32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6:28 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6 : 25 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:40 pm31 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10:55 pm131 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10:57 pmTrains -ArriveFROMFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7: 40 amFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , 5 : 50 pmTratiris 3De;pa,rt!To-Frankkforr; Ky., Daily Except Sunday . . 8: 30 amFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , ;-.6 : 25 pmSpecial Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther NoticeWe pay 121-2c for greenbeef hides. Call us upor bring it to our place.MAX MLNICK,8th Street, PARIS, &Call East Tenn. Phone 374DEP'T.98N. TIME-TABLEWOULD ROB BOYS OF-v v THEIR-S1L& TOPPERS.Somebody has 'just heen rashenough to suggest doing away withthe Eton boy's silk hat, and none toosoon, either. For little boys to sport"plug" hats, and at school, too, is anobvious absurdity, and one that wouldhave survived for so long in no country but England, where dress is a religion and tradition ironclad.The rest of the costume worn bythe boys at Eton College is ridiculous enough, in all conscience, including, as it does, a coat that looks likea man's dress, one with the tails cutoff, a "boiled" shirt and a white tie,but the silk hat is literally the "crowning" absurdity. You would think thatnobody could possibly stick up for it,excermas a picturesque relic of thepast, but a much weightier argumentthan that for keeping Eton boys silkhatted has just been put forth by awriter in the Eton College Chronicle" and is being quoted, with amused comments, in the press here."It can not be realized," says thiswriter, "how much the success ofEtonians in public life 'is due to thetop-hat, which long practice enablesthem to wear with a sang-froid impossible to men not broken to it nnextreme youth."Wearing a silk hat with "sangfroid" an axiom for success in life.Well, perhaps, it may be in England,for over there a topper surely doesimpress people. It is rateher curiousthat it should, too, considering whathumble folk sport silk hats. Onlv a'few years ago it was considered theonly suitable headgear for employesin the city and one beheld seven-dol-lar-a-weekclerks, door-openers andeven office boys all silk-hatted. Now,however, the silk hat is definitely onthe wane, just about, according tothe writer in the "Eaton CollegeChronicle," a hundred years after itsoriginal introduction. Possibly this isbecause comparatively few Britonscan wear them with "sansr-froid." not'having been broken to them in youthiiKe tne fortunate graduates of EtonCollege.Its Etonian sponsor goes on to defend the top hat on the novel groundthat it is "the only form of hat forwhich we have a pet name.""Topper," he says, "is a word unparalleledin the English language; it is the onlynickname which has firmly ingraineditself in the popular speech."The very multitude of ways of describing it shows the top hat's underlaying popularity; 'tall hat,' 'silk hat,''chimney pot no other head coveringNcan boast this multitude of descriptions." Evidently the writer forgets the hatwhich we Americans call a "derby"and which though never so calledover here is known both as a "bowler" and a "cady." It is rather odd,by the bye, that both the term "derby hat" and "Prince Albert coat"never should be used in England,whre both of these proper names hadtheir origin.NEARLY EVERY CHILDHAS WORMSPaleness, at times a flushed face,unnatural hunger, picking the nose,great thirst, etc., are indications ofworms. Kickapoo Worm Killer is areliable, thorough medicine for theremoval of all kinds of worms fromchildren and adults. Kickapoo WormKiller in pleasant candy form, aids digestion, tones system, overcomingconstipation and increasing the actionof the liver. Is perfectly safe foreven the most delicate children. TheKickapoo Worm Killer makes children happy and healthy. 25c. Guaranteed. Try it. Drug stores or bymail. Kickapoo Indian MedicineCo., Philadelphia and St. Louis.Nov . (adv)The notable activity in shippingthat has characterized trade all overthe world for some time especiallyapplies in the Far East and in the relation of the Far East to the UnitedStates.A recent estimate placed the number of motion picturefctheatres in Ens-'land at 4,500, attended by 25,000,000persons each week.Recent irrgation "works in Egypthave cost $53,000,000, but the resultshave more than justified the expenditure. One London Judge would like toget the militant suffragettes out ofthe country. The best way to do thismight be to prevent any further advertisement being given them.DREADmmTEKSCQLB.Prepare toenjoy its exhilarating frosts bymaking your blood rick,pure and active to prevent colds, grippeand rheumatism.Good blood prevents sicknessand Scott's EmulsionvnW energizeyour blood and create reservestrength to endure changingseasons.Scott's Emulsion is not anexperiment but has served humanityfaithfully for forty years; it containsthe purest cod liver oil free frornalcohol or stupefying drugs.Scott's Emulsion is nature'sgreatest blood-maker and furnishesthe elements necessary for bodywarmth, rich blood and healthycirculation.Shun alcoholic substitutes and demandthe genuine Scott's EmulsionsBjrnAT ANY DRUG STORE 13-73nmISftDON'TiBKlBSlBailBI-SSSKFOB HOW-LONG?Paris Raises a Pertinnt Question.When a neighbor tells ns that hehas recovered from a serious illness,the first question that naturally arisesis, "How long will he keep well?"Temporary relief is one thing, but alasting cure is altogether different.There is nothing temporary about thework of Doan's Kidney Pills, as thefollowing Paris evidence proves beyond a doubt:Mrs. J. T. Martin, Pleasant andEleventh streets, Paris, Ky., says: "Isuffered quite severely from painsacross the small of my back and inmy kidneys. The trouble alarmed pieand I tried many medicines. I didnot get relief however, until I procured Doan's Kidney Pills at Wilson's(now Chas. E. Butler & Co.'s) drugstore. They improved my conditionin every way. All I have ever saidpraising Doan's Kidney Pills was entirely correct, and I now confirm myformer .public endorsement. Theypermanently cured me of kidney trouble." For sale by all dealers. Price 50c.Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo, N. Y.,sole agents for the United States.Remember the name Doan's andtake no other. (adv)Twelve years ago the life insurance companies reported to the NewYork State Insurance Department,loans to policyholders made on theirpolicies as security, which amountedto less than $71,000,000. Elevenyears later these loans had increasedto the vast sum of $482,345,000. Nowthe insurance companies are desirousof checking this form of borrowingbecause they fear that in many instances it will practically defeat themain purpose of life insurance anddeprive the families of policyholdersof their expected support after thedeath of the insured bread-winners,who intended to protect their wivesand children against want.HOW'S THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhCure.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney for the last 15 years, andbelieve him perfectly honorable in allbusiness transactions and financiallyable to carry out any obligationsmade by his firm.NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE,Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken inter-nallv. afth'tl? flirpptlv nnrm fliQ Vilrt1and mucous surfaces of the system.lestimonials sent free. Price 75c.per bottle. Sold by all druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. Nov. ' (adv)ELECTRICITY HAS TASTE..(Cleveland Plain Dealer.)In some forms electricity is invisible, while in others it may be seen.The lightning flash and the electriclight are easily seen, but the currentitslf is really invisible to the eye.The sense of feeling can detct thepresence of the mysterious element,and the sense of hearing can detectit, and the sense of smell has beenknown to locate the presence of thewonderful power, but it has just recently been discovered that we maytaste electricity.Metal of an opposite nature will,when properly connected, throw off asmall curernt of electricity, and thismay be tasted by taking a piece ofbright, clean tin about the size of asilver dollar, and placing either abovethe tongue or beneath it, with a silver dollar on the opposite side. Keepthe outer edges of the silver and tinapart for a moment, and see if youcan detect any taste.Then bring the outer edges of themetals together with one above theother beneath the tongue, and instantly there will be a sour taste inthe mouth. This is actually tastingthe electric current that is producedby the contact of the two metals, andwhich in making the circuit is passing through the tongue which is verysensitive.Every year on the anniversary ofhis marriage Prof. Palmer, of Harvard, gives something to Wellesley inmemory of his wife, Alice FreemanPalmer, who was President of Wellesly. EXPORTING CATTLE.The following from WashingtonCity may be found of interest to ourreaders. The United States was exporting more than thirty-six times asmuch fresh beef and cattle six yearsago as it now sends abroad, as shownby statistics made public by SecreatryRedfleld, of the Department of Commerce. In the first nine months ofthe present fiscal year, ending March31, there was exported only 5,479,439.pounds of fresh beef and 13,598.pounds of cattle, as compared with200,069,729 pounds of fresh beef and307,726 pounds of cattle in the samemonths of 1907. The interveningyears reveal an uninterupted de-crease.Another feature of the report is thestatement that while the populationof the country has increased 11 percent, since 1907, the number ofoeefcattle has decreased 30 per cent.; furthermore 222,000 head of cattle cameinto the country in the first eightmonths of the year, against only 12,500 in 1907.In the calendar year past the United States exported 9,000,000 poundsof fresh beef, while Argentina sent756,000,000 pounds; Australia, 109,000,000; New Zeland, 27,250,000, andUruguay, 21,000,000. To the UnitedKingdom Argentina sent 739,000,000pounds, against 684,000 pounds fromthis country. The number of beefcattle in the United States in 1907 was51,500,000; to-day it is 36,000,000.The United States surpassed its rivals, however, in prices obtained,having received last year for beef exported an average of 11.67 cents apound, against 4.38 cents for Australian and -5.26 cents for JSTewZelandpeef.-. rBUILD CHURCH IN TEN JHOURS.-One of the most remarkable building feats on record has just been, accomplished in Australia. At the townof Bankstown, New South Wales, agood-sized church was erceted in tenthours. While this was probably the,shortest time that it has ever takento erect a large building, there have jbeen many other remarkable fnstan-lces of quick building in the history of 'arcnitecture.A few years ago a chapel knownas the Split Log Baptist MissionChurch, in Kansas City, was erectedin the course of a single day. Thechapel was twenty-four feet wide byforty feet long, and had seat for over200 people. At sunrise there wasnothing to be seen but bare land, butat 8 o'clock the same evening a service was held in the fully-completedplace of worship. A remarkable factabout this chapel was that it was builtentirely by amateur laborers. Thepeople of a small Baptist congregation wanted a new chapel, so theyset to work with a will to build one,and "men, women and children ininpri-in the labor with equal enthusiasm.At the Ideal Home Exhibition, atOlympia, in London, last year, an evenmore wonderful piece of work wasaccomplished. This was nothing lessthan the erecting of an elegant eleven-roomedvilla in less than six days.When it is said that 75,000 bricks andover 30,000 tiles were used in its construction, some idea of the remarkable nature of the task can be gathered. Altogether 250 tons, of materialwere employed.In 1906 a record in factory buildingwas established by Messrs. Kynochs,Limited, the well-known firm of soapmakers. A new factory being required, plans were made and the workwas started on November 19. ByDecember 6 of the same year thefactory was not only finished but itwas actually fitted with machineryand soap was being made. Considering that in parts the factory was sixtyfeet high, 'the astounding rapidity ofthe building may be realized.In California a few years since twototally blind men erected a pretty little bungalow, without any outside aidwhatever, in the space of a fewmonths. Brown and Martinez werethe names of these clever builders,and, although, of course, they couldnot see a single brick which they employed, their house, when completed,was pronounced by experienced builders to be almost perfect in workmanship. The two blind architects worked hard both day and night, and theywere watched in their labors bycrowds of astonished and interestedspectators.Bachelors and Matrons.A dilettante told me yesterday: "Iprefer black and white sketches by aclever artist to his finished paintings. They leave more to my imagination which is a better traveler thanany painter's brush." For the samereason, the bachelor interests matronsmore than married men do. He, too,is unfinished; and every woman likesto imagine what she might have madeof him or what she may. ReneLaidlaw in Smart Set.Chronic.An old lady, really well, was alwayscomplaining and "enjoying poorhealth," as she expressed it. Her various ailments were to her the most interesting topic in the world. Oneday a neighbor found her eating ahearty meal, and asked her how shewas. "Poor me!" she sighed. "I feelvery well, but I always feel bad whenI feel well, because I know I am going to feel worse afterward."Thought Cows Were Mourning.iIt was Tommy's first day in thecountry, and everything surprisedhim. About sunset one day a herd ofcows returning from pasture camefollowing their leader slowly andsolemnly in single file along the forest path within sight of Tommy andhis mother. After watching them forsome time in silence the little cityboy exclaimed: "Oh, mother, is it acow funeral?."Long Life in One House.Eighty-six years in one house, Mrs.Hannah Moore, ninety years of age,who died at Erderly, Leicestershire,England, the other day certainly neverspent much on "movingSpecial Kates fr Excursions.Round trip Winter Tourists to allprincipal winter resorts in Alabama,Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, South Carolina and Havana,Cuba, on sale daily Oct. 1, 1913, untilApril 30,' 1914, with final limit May 31,1914; also to principal winter resortsin Texas and New Mexico, on saledaily Nov. 1, -1913, to April 30, 1914,with final limit May 31, 1914. Liberalstopovers allowed on ah winter tourist tickets. Also low round tripHomeseekers' tickets to points in Arizona, Arkansas, Louisiana, Missouri,New Mexico, Oklahoma, Texas, Alabama, Florida, Mississippi, Colorado,Kansas, Montana, Nevada North Dakota, South Dakota and Clifornia onsale first and third Tuesdays of eachmonth, final limit 25 days from dateof sale, stopovers allowed in Homeseekers' territory. For further information, call no or address,1 W. H. HARRIS, AgenV 'u (iEVO. Mk. sWs tKB"Neuralgiasufferers find instant relief inSloan's Liniment. It penetrates to the painful partsoothes and quiets the nerves.No rubbing merely lay it on.SLOANSLINIMENTKills PainFor Neuralgia" I would not be without your Limment and praise it to all who sufferwith neuralgia or rheumatism or pam fany kind." Mrs. Henry Bishop. Helena,Missouri.Pain All Goae" I suffered with quite a severe nesralgic headache for 4 months withoutany relief. I used your Liniment fertwo or three nights and I haven't suffered with my head since " ilr.J.x.Swinger, Louisville, Ky.Treatments for Cold and Croup'My little girl, twelve years old,caught a severe cold, and I gave h-rthree drops of Sloan's Liniment on sugaron going to bed, and she got up in themorning w ith no signs of a cold. A little boy next door had croup and I gavethe mother the Liniment, She gave himthree drops on going to bed, and he gotup without the croup in the morning."Mr. W. H. Strange, Chicago, 111.At all Dealers. Price 25c, 50c. amd SLMSloan's Book ob Horses sent free.AddressDR. EARLS. SLOAN, be, LfctM, fes.Cat Only Living Thing on Derelict.From a derelict ship a cat wasrescued near Plymouth, England, &few days ago. H. M. S. Donegalhad received orders to search forand sink the derelict Norwegianbarque Blenmark. The Glenmark hadrbeen dismantled and abandoned morethan a month ago. Her crew was rescued and taken to Liverpool by thesteamer Dunholme. The Donegalpicked up the ship 500 miles out, butfinding the hull sound determined tosave her. The only living thing onboard the derelict was a cat, whichhad been driven mad by thirst and.which severely bit a bluejacketwhostroked it.& Per Cent InterestPaid On Time -DepositsYour Deposits Arc GuaranteedYOU TAKEN0 RISKSIf You Are Interested., tWrite UsONION STATE BANEMuskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000Fully PaidSew BarbershopWindsor Hotel.Modern EquipmentPolite Service.-if-Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDCurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop; (Next to Bourbon Bank) $JFz?3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AiHours . rNo Long Waits. 17 ''A -Share of the Pu&'Ic'Pal.'ronage zcidztL; i -N." X --AW. -T, K. SMITH, T. A.-J&-1 4 -."A' 'vwJA 'w"JISfTnmKmKammrm misliaI i if mill"!"111 in,.-.. ' . . , .THE, BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,; KY., NOVEMBER 41913t?- 1hiliitww.. -. X-, . .' v.1 jTZI . i . . . . . .TTT- . . i.' 7?..tt! W - ; I 8! i . : ---. 5SilverwareAside from its intrinsic value to-day ourSijverware has the distinction of representing the perfection of the Silversmith's Art at this period ofcilmerican history.For this reason it will be appreciated by"future generations even more so than are theheirlooms of the past valued to-day.m-" The practical use of Silver and its perma- .nence makes it an appropriate and lasting gift for-j ever appreciated.Our Silverware display is one of the specialfeatures of this store and one of special interest to5 'those who seek exclusive patterns at moderate prices.'The Homeof Quality".For Jewelry";. Shire & Fithian,,PARIS, KENTUCKY,3e$9cttcsee9e$c9i9etgtt3ftfe8ftagaea83S3gQC-G3Q?y3g0g5afrNATURALGASFor Heating and Cooking!The Fuel That NeverDisappoints.No Kindling to Split, No Ashes to Carry,No Fires to Build The best and cheapest method of heating the modern home.Get an estimate on the cost of pipingyour home. Have the work done before ,cold weather sets in.WRITEPHONEParis Gas &Found!On the corner of Duncan avenueand Pleasant street, a bunch of keys.Tke owner can get them at this officeby p'roving property and paying thecharges.Strayed.2Strayed o my place on Houston &JLmtloch pike, a sow. Owner can haveae'by proving property and payingx&arges.JULIAN FRANK.NamH Originally Had Meaning.The surnasie Heart is really a corrupt! of Hard, which was a namejtrt t show hat the owner was aMk of Arm character and resoluteJbejurijuclP::3'W !oISEEElectric CoIncorporated 2KENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave LexingtonFor ParisLeave Parisfor Lexington6:45 a m7:3p a m,8:15 a m-"9:00 a m9:45 m11:15 "a m12:45 pin2:i5 p m3:l45 p m4:30 p m5:15 p m6:45 p m8:15 p in,"6.00 a mT:20 a m8:00 a m8:50 a m10:20 am11:50 a m -1:20 p mj 5:20 p mrr 3:30 p m "4:20 p in.5:00 p m7:20 p m9:10 p m11:00 p mDaily except Sunday.iu:U5 p mHeavy Annual Loss by FIr4?;In the United States, in every tbusinets day of the year, $1,000,000 worthof property is destroyed, three livesare lost and 17 persons seriously injured by fire.mm.Alamo rTheater. .Tuesday, Nov. 4 "TheStrongdrama.'Man's Burden," a BiographThe story of a courageous sacrifice ofself. The cast includes Lionel Bar?rymore, Harry Carey and Claire McDowell. "The Railroad Conspiracy," is thetitle of a thrilling railroad drama, produced by the Kalem Company, withJames B. Ross, Mrs. James B. Rossand Marlon Cooper."Dregs," a Lubin comedy-drama;on the same reel, "A Surprise forFour," a Lubin comedy.Wednesday, November 5 "KingRobert of Sicily," an Essanay featurein two parts. This is a beautiful andimpressive dramatic feature of Longfellow's well-known poem, massive insettings, gorgeously 'costumed and superbly photographed. A feature thatevery man, woman and child shouldsee. It teaches a lesson never to beforgotten."Rescuing Dave," an Essanay Comedy, with Billy Mason, Minor Watson,Bettie Brown and Gertrude Forbes; onthes ame reel "Mr. Ryth Reforms.' Miss Ward, who has been charmingthe audiences with her singing, will beheard each day in a late song.Columbia Theater Tomorrow.Sometimes a play appears whichteagkes a lesson so obvious that thereis no escaping it. In one sense of theword, "The Veteran Police Horse," byMr. Lloyd F. Lonergan, can scarcelybe called a play. It is more of a dramatic essay. But it is of such absorbing interest that one never thinksof trying to follow the thread of plotwhich it contains...Most of us love horses or haveloved them At one time or another inspite of motor-maniacs and the speedcraze. And of all the animals weobject to seeing abused, horses probably come first, with dogs a good. second. Every one knows that the old ageof the average horse, particularly ma crowded city, is anything but a happy one. Some of us provide greenpastures for our old favorites, to besure but it takes money to do itmoney we sometimes need for breadand butter rather than hay. Yet thebread and butter is apt to have a bitter taste as we think of the beast weloved neglected in his old age.Mr. Lonergan's play is instructiveas well as entertaining. "With thekindly asistance of the AqueductMounted Police, he shows us howcavalry horses are first broken tosaddle, and then trained until theyunconsciously obey every touch of therider's knee. And in many of thescenes it is quite evident to what extent a rider learns to love his mount.For those who prefer a spice of adventure in their drama, there is anattack upon a lady motorist by atramp who is certainly no gentlemana subsequent pistol duel betweentramp and mounted officer, in which,for a change, the officer gets ratherthe worst of it, and the rounding-upof a pretty tough gang of tramps bya troop of police cavalry, with a veryrealistic fight as a climax.Then come sad and unhappy daysfor the equine hero. Worn out withhard service puobably, with less reliable wind and strength than in hisouns:er davs lis is sniri - mmtirmto a hack driver and allowed to standin all kinds of weather until he iseven less valuable. A brutal sf-rpofvendor then gets him and makes hisdaily life a hell, until his former riderrecognizes him buys him for whatwe suppose to be' a nominal sum(though the bills look like yellowbacks and one wonders where Mr.Officer got them) and spends his oldage on a peaceful stock farm, wherehe is well cared for.The point strongly emphasized isthat all the old horses are not solucky by a long shot. True, the S.P. C. A. does what it can for them,and it does a lot, too, but if the average citizen would remember to communicate with them whenever he seesa case of flagrant abuse on the streetsthey would be able to do a lot more.There is not a dull moment in thewhole play and there will be a fewlumps in the throats of the spectatorsas they watch it provided, of course.that they are the sort who know thata thoroughbred horse is the peer, ofthe average man any day.Another interesting picture will beshown "The Frame-Up." Mr. Reedwill be heard in a new song.' (adv)"FINE FEATHERS."It is so seldom that playgoers outside of Broadway have an opportunity to see a genuine original cast ofstars, that the announcement of thecoming of "Fine Feathers," with itswonderful array of dramatic talent, tothe Lexington Opera House for twospecial performances, matinee andevening, on Monday, November 10, requires a repetition of the fact that local audiences will see the same performance in every respect as thatwhich charmed New York and Chica-fgo tor an entire season. The caststill includes names of Robert Edson,Wilton Lackaye, Max Figman, RoseCoghlan, Holita Robertson, LydiaDickson and all the others who participated in the play's metropolitan triumph.-Fine Feathers" is from the Den of"Eugene Walters-, -author of such bis'successes as ''Paid in Full", "Thel-ade; a comparative' test -slip wedEasiest Way," "Thej Wolf ," and "The "ulsto a considerable peWiitagenoneiirau or me lonesome Jfine," and ot .improvement m their studies,crftics have pronounced his newest J Every system of artificial ventilaeffort to be also"" his best. He hasjtioji removes from theak s6mfe of 'itswritten a big play dealing with famil- j vitalizing qualities. Every Iiome andlar conditions in the home and theworld of business, and his charactershre easily recognized types of menand women. He has written a number of big, vital parts, with the starsin view, and every line and scene isgiven full value. ,It is a liberal education In dramatic art to see thesemasters of the acting art playing together. This is the first instance ofan all-star cast being sent on the roadintact, and. those familiar, with theatrical matters can imagine the perfectperformance resulting from theseplayers appearing in the" tremendousscenes and overwhelming " climaxesprovided by Eugene Walter's brilliantpen. Only a few of the more important cities are to see the original production of "Fine Feathers,!' and Lexington is one of them.,The sale of seats for the engagement begins Friday morning, November 7, at the box office of the Lexington Opera House. Orders for seatssent to Manager Charles Scottwill receive prompt attention. Prices,range from 50c. to ?2.00.U1V)Dark Hair and Greatness.Dark brown to black is the prevailing hud on the heads of great men.A list of fifty names has been compiled in which the color of hair isgiven by biographers, and ninety percent, are dark brown or black. Thereis not, strange to say, a single mention of premature grayness, nor a single case of that ashen brown colorknown as "singed" or "mouBe colored." HOW'S THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh, thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhCure.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney for the last 15 years, andbelieve him perfectly honorable in allbusiness transactions and financiallyable to carry out any obligationsmade by his fir,m.NATIONAL. .BANK OF COMMERCE,Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Price 75c.per bottle. Sold by all druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. " Nov. (adv)Whales Target of Torpedo Boats.The novel scene of a torpedo boathunting whales was witnessed at PortoAnzio, Italy, a few days ago. The operations of a fishing fleet had been interrupted by the appearance of twolarge whales. The torpedo boat putout in pursuit of the whales, and killedthem both, with their guns.DECLARE WAR Otf-COLDSA crusade of education which aimsthat common colds may become uncommon within the next , generation,has been begun by New York physicians. Here is a list of "dont's" thatthe doctors say will prevent the annual visitation of the cold:"Don't -sit in a draughty car.""Don't sleep in hot iooms.""Don't avoid the fresh air.""Don't stuff yourself at meal time.Overeating reduces your resistance."To which we would add when youtake a cold get rid of it as soon aspossible. To accomplish that youwill find Chamberlain's Cough Remedy most excellent. Sold by all dealers, (adv)Nov.Beauty in the Smile.A smile is the color which lovewears. It is the light in the -windowof the face, by which trie heart signifies to father, husband or friendthatit is at home and waiting. HenryWard Beecher.OPEN WINDOWSCHOOLS SUCCESSFUL.Under the title "Revitalizing Devitalized Children," Dr. W. W. Roach,ot Philadelphia, has made a report ofa test conducted in the Bach Schoolof that city during the fall and winterof 1912.Two classes of .average third-gradechildren were given regular thirdgrade work for twelve weeks in September-December,yiclusive, one in anordinary, well-equipped school room,and the other in an open windowroom. The open window room was.provided with movable chair-desks.could be pushed to the side of theroom quickly, so that the whole center space was available for exercise.The children were not given any oftheir meals at school; they providedthemselves with the necessary clothing for cold weather; no differencewas made between the rooms, exceptthat the windows of the open windowschool were kept open at top andbottom all day every day, and noheat admitted to the room, unless thetemperature ran below 50 degrees.Several times daily the desks werepushed out of the way and the children were given brief v physical exercises to stimulate the circulation.In September and October bothclasses made about the same progressboth in physical development and intheir studies, because the moderateweather allowed both rooms to keeptheir windows contiually open. However, in November and December thechildren of the open window schoolforged aliead. Being in a natural atmosphere all day, they did not sufferfrom colds. They were seldom absent from sfchool. They wer,e" activein mind, close in attention, joyous inspirits and easy to discipline. At theend of twelve weeks their "averageream in weisrht was two Tiounds nmmtbil. for one Dound 1n ftte nthprschool needs to get back to nature'sair. Sickness of body, and slow development ot mind, are the pricespaid for close, warm school rooms.In Lexington and Louisville' alreadyfrgsh air schools, with frequent coldbaths and special diet, are restoringsickly children to normal health. Ifnature's air, moist or dry,' hot or cold,is beneficial to a sick cliild,, how canit harm a healthy one?The Kentucky Tuberculosis Commission, Frankfort, will gladly adviseany 'teacher who desires to improvethe conditions in his or her school.Mile IFormerly Kaufman, Straus SiCo.Lexington, Ky.Extra Special Saleof Woolen DressGoods75c a YardOf Utmost Importance toEvery WomanWe are face to face with a reduction of Imported andDomestic Woolen Fabrics. Schedule K, of the newly enacted tariff law will bring about these reductions afterJanuary 1', 1914. Being forewarned, we will prepare tomeet the new prices by reducing Woolen goods now onhand.Beginning Monday, November 3rd, 1913, wej willoffer for one weekat 75c per yardA tremendous assortment of all Wool Dress materials from38 to 54 inches in width, most of them this season's weavesand staple fabrics in every conceivable style, color andshading.None of these were less than $1 .00 per yard, mostof them ranging from $1.25 to$2.07 a yardWe are showing them on a separate Sale Counter andwill sell any length desired. This is not a remnant or oddand end sale, but your choice in quality and any desiredyardage at an average reeuction of 60 per cent.The low price quoted precludes all privileges of sampling, sending on approval or returning' for exchange ormoney refunded.WOLF, WILE CO.Lexington, Ky.s'MWjfWmMmlmm 'inl SmBmrnSsSumMBSSmklEmmw? 4FW, lutHW.mWh -JemIf you come in and see our safes and vaults, and realzehow well equipped we are to take care of your 'money, it willgive you a very safe feeling when you go to bed at night to-, -knowthat fire or burglars cannot disturb it. If you haveany money matters on which you wish advice, come to us-We will be glad to see you in our bank. . $We refer those who have not banked with us to thoserwho-HAVE. . .Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings. "DEPOSIT BANK OF PARISCapital, SiQOjOOO.OO. Surplus, $40,000.00.' ih-MhHAHL. President;a- rBeea Make Clwn Hours of Labor.Some, besjapparently wojk on theeight "hoiir-cheduTe, -others on-a tenor twelve" hour basis for their workingday. -A bee keeper says that one ofhis bee colonies begins its day's laborat sunrise and continues till after dark,making a working day two or threehours longer than any other colony inover a hundred. Xo two colonies ofbees, says this apiarist, are alike.. Talking.Money talks, but so do persons wkohLven't any money. Albany jMirnakU:m. -THICK WALLTRONC LOCKSECUREGUARANTEEus take: care orYOUR MONEY"C. K. THOMAS. CashierOdious, Ain't It? ""Bing The way-these colleges scat.;r'ter tiroufid their degree is absolutely ,nauseating. Eyery Tom, Dick -andr'Harry with a little cheap-notoriety canfigure "6n getting -one. The ivholesystem is absolutely indefensiblef 9Don't you think o? Basg Ytms .I didn't get one, either. CteYei-BdvPlaLi Dealer. ,-tDally Rcmindtr.Immodesty, in itself, wouldn't fc- -sobad, if, in addition, it"wa.nt always,makinjr a foal c itself generally.X.?mmm.S. a.f:tw!"'Vi -&..:&:.'4'5rv -yy1 - $&". s"K;&'We&3fc S"'-fc-wjrf.VV .i&v"v-"K7 f?Tj,tSKV:""V sLTHEf BOURBON NEWS, PARIS," KY,, NOyEMBER, 4, 19133VIj2fvrLW$4feHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES JADETURKEYS.In order to properlycare for the largecrop of turkeys thisseason, we will beginto receive them aboutNovember 5th. Turkeys that were hatched early and that arewell fatted, are theones to sell for theThanksgiving market. We will endeavor to pay the highestimarket price TORTHIS KIND.Chas. S. Brent St Bro.TWENTY-FIVE OBTAINHUNTER'S LICENSE.County Clerk Pearce Paton in thepast few days has issued a total oftwenty-five hunters' license. The.eason for hunting qnail and rabbitwill open Nov. 15.GET OUR PRICES.Natural gas will soon be turned on.V have everything in heaters andt lges. Get our prices" Before youI v.t24-4t) LOWRY & TALBOTT.-ENNESSEE PASTOR CALLEDBY BOURBON CHURCHThe congregation of the Clintonvilleand Hopewell Presbyterian churchunanimously called Rev. W. T. Spearsof Columbia, Tenn., as pastor. Rev.Spears has' not yet signified whetherbe would accept the call.EXCHANGEYour old stove in on Gas Range andHeater.(26-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.MISSJOSEPHINETO TEACHHAYDENIN LEXINGTONMiss Josephine Hayden, daughterof City Clerk and Mrs. J. W. Hayden,has gone to Lexington, where she will Iteach a class of mutes. Miss Haydenteaches the lip language. Whilethere she will beCollege.located atNOTICE.I am prepared to serve on shortnotice lunches for parties and dances, and make a specialty ot the latter .MRS. CARL CRAWFORD,At Windsor Hotel, Both Phones 127.LOCAL DEALERS SHIP STOCKTO THE CINCINNATI MARKET.Caywood & McChntock, of this city,,shipped Saturday night to the Cmcm-,nati market one car of cattle and one ,$f hogs. The price paid for the for-mer was in the neighborhood of 5 jcents per pound, while the price forhogs range from 7 to 7 cents. Lastweek they shipped two cars of 200 jpound hogs to the same market. Thefirm- bought these hogs from Bourbon Ifarmers as $7.25.OYSTERS AND CELERY. We have oysters coming every day.Celery direct from the grower.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.TWO FORMER PARIS BOYSMAKING GOOD.The Winchester 'Democrat says"Messrs. Virgil and Allen Lary, twoof our most popular boys, are nowfolding responsible positions with theL. & N. Railway in Louisville. Theyare both making good and it does notsurprise their frienls herefamiliar with the splendidof these boys."whoHt5qualitiesThe Messrs. Lary are sons ofand Mrs . J. C. Lary, formerlyParis.MrofRAILROAD CONDUCTORSELECT NEW OFFICERS!. . .DivisionAt a meeting of Bourbon'486, held at the Elks' Buildinoir 1, rll...: az M..v, me iuUuiub umuei iui uie en-sumyear were eieciea:Chief Conductor A. Tingle.Assistant Chief Conductor C.H.Burns.Senior Conductor L. W. Camery.Junior Conductor H. B. Lyons.Secretary and Treasurer J. W.Smelser.Inside Sentry Leslie Todd.Outside Sentry H. C. McDonald.7 BEST ON THE MARKET.Natural gas is here. We have theWilson Heater and Favorite Ranges.They are the best on the market. Letus show them to you.(24-4t) LOWRY & TALBOTT.boyINJURED WHEN STRUCK-BY A MOTORCYCLE,Chas. Cook, Jr., the four-year-oldLson of Mr. and Mrs. C. P. Cook, was.knocked .down by a motorcycle Saturday "morning whije playing in front oftheir home on West Eighth street,and sustained a broken collar bone".besides na infnl im'iirioc Qhm.f timhead and body. The motorcyclist j Steele was second in this event with-continued o his way without stop-, 4S- Tie scores:ping to ascertain the extent of the Kentucky Challenge Cup W. H.child's injuries. Dr. J. T. Brown was'HalL of Maysville, 96; C.-B. Strother,called and attended the little sufferer I Winchester, 92; Harry Strother, Win, who is" resting as comfortably as Chester, 92; J. D.'Gay, of Pine Grove,could be expected. 1-q2; John Schreck, Covington, 89;ASK FOR THE WILSON.It is not, necessary to go to othertowns to buy Wilson heaters. We areagents for the Wilson line and w4eguarantee prices as cheap as anyone. ''t (24r4b -LOWRY & TALBOTT. -jp- - -.. -' :SUGiftL ANO PERQNAL., Mr. and Mrs. W. H. 'Harris arevisiting in Chicago. -Mrs. J. A. Stern is able to be upafter a weeks' illness.Mr. Jack Reville leaves Thursday1 for a business trip to St. Louis.Miss Rosina Elder left yesterdayfor a visit to relatives in Richmond.Mrs. Harmon Stitt has returnedfrom a two-months' visit to relativesin Scranton, Pa.Mr. Stroller Best, of Richmond,was the guest Sunday of Mr. EdwardFaries, in this city.Miss Frances Hancock has returned from a visit to Miss MildredLisle, near Leesburg.Dr. Bruce Anderson has returnedfrom New York, where he was calledon account of the illness of his brother. Miss Selena Sommerville, who hasbeen the guest of Mrs. Edward Prich-1 ard, left Saturday for her home inNew York.Mr. and Mrs. T. M. Funk left Saturday for New Orleans, where Mr.Funk goes as delegate to the National Convention of Laundrymen.Mrs. M. H. Dailey will entertainwith a tea this afternoon and withauction bridge Wednesday afternoonat her home on Stoner avenue. -Mr. and Mrs. Will Kenney Ferguson have returned from their bridaltrip, and will begin housekeepingnext week in Mrs. Buck's cottage onPleasant street.The boarding department of theBourbon Female College enjoyed aHallowe'en party Friday evening atthe college. The girls were maskedand represented many grotesque andquaint characters, and had a merrytime.Miss Etta L. Gray has 'resignedfiier position as night nurse at theMassie Memorial Hospital, to take upher work as special nurse. Miss Grayby her general efficiency and kindlydisposition, has made many friends,and great regrets are expressed at herleaving. AMiss Mary MitchedllClay entertained Friday night with a Hallowe'enparty at her home on Duncan avenue.The guests were disguised as witchesand ghosts, and many pranks andgames relating to the merry seasonwere played. The refreshments carried out the Hallowe'en idea, and theevening of mirth and gayety wasmuch enjoyed by the young people.Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Berkeley entertained with a Hallowe'en party attheir home on the Maysville nike.Sayre ! naay nignt. rnose present were:j Mr. Joseph Letcher, Mr. Kelly Letch-er, Miss Opal Mallory; Miss Bessiet Hendrix, Miss Ella Thomas (Oklahoma), Miss Gladys Early wine, MissGrace Dotson, Miss Sena Rion, Mrs.E. TerrilL Mr. Joseph Speaks, Mr.Robert Taylor, Miss May Murphy,Miss Marguerite Murphy, Mrs. Lawlence Lawson, Mrs. Bonta, Mr. Luther Jacoby, Mr. Thurman Chisholm,Mr. Oscar Kasler, Mr. Elmer McGinness, Miss Moore, Miss Carney.SOLE AGENTS.We are sole agents for the eelbrated wilson nJt hNothing better and our rices are uriirh, &r.ome f and thini(24-4t) LOWRY & TALBOTT.SACRED SONG SERVICE ATTHE CHRISTIAN CHURCH.i Instead of the usual services at thej Christian Church Sunday night, thej hour was devoted to a sacred songservice, which was decidedly pleasingto the large number in attendance.It is the purpose to give a song ser-I vice the first Sunday night . of eachj month. The program which was wellJ arranged and beautifully renderedi was as follows:Pipe Organ Solo Selected.Pipe Organ Solo Selected.Hymn No. 325.Prayer.Solo, "The Lord is My Helper,"Carrier B. Adams A. L. Boatright. -Anthem, "Nearer, My God To The"E. O. Excell Chorus.ATIa riiOT.frf n "GnliKnli T7t'Carrie B. Adams T. A. Hendricks, F.O'Neal, Wallace Clark, A. L. Boatright. Solo, "Lead Me All the Way"!Briggs Miss Elizabeth Hinton. 'Solo, "Lord God of Abraham"i Mendelsshon A. L. Boatright.Anthem, "Unfold, Ye Portals" C.i H. Gonoud Chorus.nffovino-ATolo HiiortoftQ "Prnceinff Hto "Dof" 1i -"-"-v, vtuu'",'i vwon.fc, .- j-,lCarrie B. Adams T. A. Hendricks, FtOWmI. WallnnP ninrk A X. Ttnnt.right..Hymn No. 397.Benediction.HEINTZ'S SAUER KRAUT.We have just received a fresh barrel of Heintz's Sauer Kraut. Phoneus your order.COTTINGHAM-JAMESON GROCERYCOMPANY.(31-3t) South Main St.HALL DEPRIVES GAYOF CHALLENGE CUP.After bavins: successfully defended, the Kentucky Challenge Cup on twodifferent occasions J. D. Gay, of Pintj Grove, lost the trophy to W. H. Hall, Iot jMaysviiie, at me snoot at tue .Lexington Gun Club's range Thursdayafternoon. The winner broke a totalof 9G birds out of a possible 100The handicap shoot for the J. F-.Van Deren trophy, another attractionat the shoot, was won by C,has. Rush,1 of Lexington, with a score of 50. AI Thomas IL Clay, Bourbon, 86;Dr.89;K.Car-Woolfolk JBarrow, Lexington,Frank Bell, Lexington, 85; VDodge, Lexington; 79; John H.terr Lexington, 72.Handicap rClay Rush, 50; A. Steele148; J. S.v Woolfqjk, 47, C.,L. Wheeler,44; Harry Skinner, 45; W. W. Offutt,36;R. B. Hayes, 3. . ' - . ,sl'lGHTLY INJURED WHEN -v- REVOLVER IS DISCHARGEDMr. Thomas, Woodall, a well-knownemploye of the L. & N. railroad, narrowly escaped serious injury when arevolver he Was handling -was accidentally discharged at his hoine inParis, a few days ago , the Tb(illetplowing a slight furrow -throuh hisknee. The injury is only a fleshwound, and is not of a serious nature.CHANGE OF DATE.The date for the Wm. Fans publicsale has been changed from TuesdayNov. 4, to Wednesday, November 5.See advertisement in another column.Lots of useful things will be offeredfor sale, that are not mentioned inthe advertisement. Every one shouldattend. Don't forget the date, Wednesday, November 5, at 10 o'clock.(31-2t)JACK LISLE TO SPENDSEVERAL YEARS IN TRAVEL.Mr. Jack Lisle, of Winchester, well"known in Paris, has decided to travelfor the next few years, and has leased his 700 acre farm on the Parispike. Mr. Lisle is one of the youngest farmers in the State with such alarge amount of land, and as he hasnever had a chance to see many partsof the world, on account of his having to look after his extensive interests. Mr. Lisle will leave shortly forFlorida to visit relatives.YOU WILL BE PLEASED. -.Get shoe satisfaction by trading attff) FELD'S.FOR RENT.Desirable residence on corner" ofVine street and Stoner Avenue. Apply toW. H. ANDERSON,(4-3t) Paris, Ky.HOG KILLING.I am prepared to butcher your hogsand render your lard, at reasonableprices. . v (P. M. HELLER.C4-3t) E. T. phone 39.Pure Sweet Cider For SatePure sweet crab cider for sale at40 cents per gallon. ,MRS. A. W. COTTINGHAM,(It Home phone 573.For Sale Privately !Two Small FarmsNo. 1 My farm on th'e Georgetownpike, adjoining the city limits of Paris.cfontaining about 102 acres, subjectto survey. This farm would make anideal place for a dairy and truck garden farm, "being less than one-halfmile from Main street., and has amile frontage on Eighth street andGeorgetown pike. There is on theplace a four-room cottage in goodcondition, cistern, dairy, corn crib andother outbuildings, also a new 10-acretobacco barn which can easily beused for a stock barn.No. 2-r-Three and one-half acres onGano street, in the city of Paris,with a good 3-room house and goodbarn on it. This place has been usedas a truck garden for a number ofyears, and offers a good chance for acheap home or investment.Possession given March 1, 1913.Apply toGEO. RASSENFOSS.(4-2t)Farm Wanted.I want to rent a No. 1 farm. Address vPOSTOPFICE BOX 248, Paris,(It)Ky.fti Foi satuiday 1i5i Country Club Cakes,:Chocolate,Maraschino,VanillaCaramel.For Saturday.SBaldwinBros.,Imyj Paris, Kentucky iHubiqPiesMARKET V INOVEMBER ?22.Farmers throughout the county are,'very'fiusy just now stripping out theirto"baccp and "preporing it for the market which will open at the plant ofthe Bournbon Tobacco' and Warehouse Company in this city on Nov.22. The crop of tobacco of this county will not belarge and probably of'not as fine a quality as that of lastseason, dut notwithstanding the longdrouth and other adverse conditionsthe quality is very satisfactory andgood prices are expected to be realized on the loose leaf market.COMPARE OUR PRICES.You do not have to go to Lexingtonfor Wilson natural gas heaters andClark Jewel Gas Ranges. We haveboth. Compare our prices.,(24-4t) LOWRY & TALBOTT.GAS RANGESJust received, a carload ofNew Process Gas Rangesat A. F. Wheeler FurnitureCompany, opposite Courthouse, tfoMarketHouse,8th and Main Sts.No Credit ' ,No DeliveryNo Phones' The way to tell a lerdintjbusiness is to see its competors copy.Country Butter 30c lb, uorthno more.Ir,esh Pork Sausage ISc ,1b,pay no more.Sliced Hani 25c lb. a bargain. J'Sliced Breakfast Bacon 25c lb,' why pay 30c ami 35cBoileM Ham 30c, as good ascan be.Presh 0sters, direct fromUal-timore 35c qt.All kinds of Cheese, Fresh1'jsil, 'poulUv and game.WATCH US GROWRemember 16 o. to the lb.M. J. Heller& Co.9Qiuooc6eoece$"T4Your-:-,,!3sA;!LOCAL TOB'ACCOWILL OPENJ;:T.MI-flT0NWood Mantels.'aiNew Fall Goods Iiss ' Nov Ready' For YourM Inspections :. .V . "VAfter a three-weeks' search of the New York andEastern markets we are in a position to show you thelargest and best selected stock ever shown by us.See the beautiful new ideas inSilks, Dress Goods, Challies, Velvets, Corduroys, Dress Trimmings and Laces,Neckwear and many noveloutnt complete.Ask toshirts, &c.see our non-shrinkable flannels for waistsWe are agents for the following good lines HendersonCorsets, DeBevoise Brassieres, Wayne Knit Hosiery and'Eskay Kid Gloves.mu9I W. Ed Tucker.NTru t 4r4.1 DC LtUCMTHE BABY DOLL SHOE,In Patent, Colt, Cloth Top.Also the English Walking Shoe in Tanand Gun Metal.We Have The Season's NewestM(jPhones 301YOUR HEALTHTamiiy'aDEMANDSTJhat You Use a Vacuum CleanerXIDon't just stir up the DUST and GERMS. Remove themfrom the home. Not only do this, but cut your work inhalf When you buy a cleaner buy a DUNTLEY. Itjust as easy to buy the best.If you wantELECTRIC letdemonstrate theDuplex!SAVES YOU MONEYUndertakingM1:accesssories to make your Fall j(IcJTSJCIIMUUH .FT T ! ICWliams,TheShoe Mian . "J-elIIwJL: ' lHealthanUS2f- .oiAmbulancesrvlseSTmmmsmp . '' m iuiii' '- - "rTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, q KENTUCKY NOVEMBER 4,. 1913,rtribrrifwrmiK. 'llr.it. fIr.tfIP-tl-XvKHKafrlAnna Belle Ward, nowSwedish Employment Bureau.The Swedish, government operatespublic employment bureaus. Theirservices are free of charge.Fortunate 'One."So she's going to be married?Who's the lucky man?" "The man shethrew over for this one." New YorkWorld.mcs'xi;& n&X 5?al .V-7;k& - SUA tVksa a m& :M,'.. i-3.the Lamp Oil thatSaves EyasNot' 'nor jc rnr-rp important in theb "nema oV-ir steady light. Insurethis bv Ketti! s the oil that burnscear u 1 iom without a flickerdorro MtT1 l't drop. Pennsylvaniacruae 'i rej m n to perfection.Cots no more than the inferioitnnkwnson oU caves MONEY savesWORK civ" eve?.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL jnbarrels direct f om our works.Ghas. G. Stoli Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa,We sell the celebrated "Xo Carb"Auto Oil.TheAmericanAddingMachineThe Latest AdderCosts But $35See our exhibit ask for10 days' trialHere is a new price on a competent Adder. On a machine thatis rapid, full size and infallibleThe very latest machine, builtby men who know how, in oneof the largest metal-working shopsIt is an individual Adder, to beplaced on one's desk, close to one'sfcoks and papers. To take theplace of the central machine, requiring skilled operators.The price is due to utter simplicity, and to our enormous output. Seven keys do all the work.Each copied number is-shown up for checking before the addition is made.The machine will add, subtract and multiply. With veryslight practice anyone canooaiput a hundred figures aminute. And the machinenever makes mistakes.Countless offices, large andsmall, ara getting from thesemachines the highest class, ofservice.3mnufactured atndZGuarxntced pyAMERICAN CAN COMPANY, CHICAGO'&Stli by Joseph Candioto Co., Lexington, Ky.Singing at The Alamo.TONIGHT.Tonight, if you feel dull and stupid,or bilious and constipated, take adose of Chamberlain's Tablets andyou will feel all right tomorrow. Forsale by all dealers. (adv)Nov.Jam While You Wait.A unique record was recently madeby a well-known English jam ooncern. Adjoining the factory is astrawberry plantation which produced the berries for this year's jam."Within the space of one hour thestrawberries were picked, boiled intojam, and placed into jars ready forpacking.Names Connected With the Law.The original bearer of the name ofLegles was so called merely becausehe was a lawyer. Originally, thename was spelled Laegless, the expression signifying "learned in thelaw." Strangely enough Lawless is derived from exactly the same source,and signifies exactly opposite to itsapparent meaning.Ornaments Worn by Dancing Girls.An interesting collection of silverpieces from India, including numerous ornamental objects formerly"worn by dancing girls, has" just beenplaced on exhibition at the American Museum of Natural History. Itwas presented to the museum by J.G. Phelps Stokes. There are altogether more than forty examples inthe collection; representing varioustypes of native work.Now we make this offer so thatoffices everywhere may lear whatthis machine means to them.1 0 Days' TestWe will gladly place in anyoffice one American- Adder for aThere will be no obligation,ten-days' test,and charges will be prepaid.Combpare it with any non-lister-eventhe costliest. Let anyone use it. See if any machinecan serve better than this.Just send us this coupon andwe'll send the machine.Please send us an American Adding Machine for ten days' free triaLNameStreet AddressCity . . . . . ,.StateLITTLE FALLINGyOFF,Customs Receipts -Show Only SmallDiffeence Over Last Year.Although the new tariff act with itsdwered rates of duty has been ineffect practically a month, the cus.oms receipts have so far shown lit-le falling off.According to the Treasury statement the customs receipts for October amounted to $30,138,000, justabout $80,000 less than those of October, 1912.The deficit for the fiscal year to3ate, the statement shows, is $5,757,527, about $3,900,000 more than thedeficit at the. corresponding periodiast year.Pension payments under the Sherwood act are apparently largely responsible for the larger deficit. Thepayments for the period in 1912through October amounted to about$52,500,000 and, for the same periodthis year, nearly $57,000,000 in thisone disbursement item.The total pay warrants for themonth of October, 1913, were $59,366,994, with the total receipts of $64,196,633, leaving an excess of receipts forthe month of $4,829,639.The net balance in the general fundof the Treasury at the close yof lastSaturday's business was $124,923,123,and the grand total of cash in theTreasury was given at $2,037,846,293,with a total gold in the trust fund of$1,098,995,169. In national bank depositories to the credit of the UnitedStates Treasurer there was $91,121,101. At the close of business Saturdaythere were 7,514 national banks in existence, with a capital of $1,068,534,175, and circulation outstanding, secured by bonds amounting to $740,-063,776.DON'T WASTE FUELMost heaters waste half your fuel.Cole's Hot Blast Heaters save anduse that wasted portion.E. M. WHEELER & CO.HALF SOLES FOR KING EDKing George, like his father, prefers a comfortable pair of boots,though he would rather have a comfortable new pair than have his oldboots repaired, as did King Edward,says the King's bootmaker to Pearson's Weekly. Here, by the way, is acurious fact about the King's boots.I Pie takes a seven and a half, as didthe Prince Consort, and as does thepresent Prince of Wales. The PrinceConcort's boots fitted his son,, hisgrandson, and his great-grandson.Each could wear the other's boots andhave practically a perfect fit.King George's favorite boot is aWellington, which he wears on everyoccasion he can. These Wellingtonsare expensive and are made of a veryfine calfskin, which takes a brilliantpolish. So fine is the polish thatmany people have thought that theKing wears patent leather boots.As a matter of fact, King Georgestrongly dislikes patent leather andwill never wear a boot made of it.island Noted for Its Springs.Famed for its unfailing spring ofpure, sparkling water, the island ofToboga lies about 10 miles from thecity of Panama, in the Pacific. Herethe mail steamers plying between Balboa and San Francisco lie by for theirsupply of fresh water, as do also iesteamers that sail southward fromPanama.Joy in Doing Good Work.The recipe for self-confidenceis:Do good work. "Courage," says Emerson, "comes from having done thething before." A man who does goodwork does not have to talk, apologizeor explain his work speaks. Andeven though there be no one to appreciate it, the man feels in it a great,quiet joy. He relaxes, smiles, rests,fully intent on taking up his laborstomorrow and doing better than ever.Remarkable Eye for Detail."You know Wigley great fellowfor detail." "He is that. Wigley'sthe sort of chap that would go andget married and be able afterward totell you whether it was Mendelssohn,'Lohengrin,' or 'Tannhauser" theyplayed during the ceremony." St.Louis Republic.Vogue IClothes ImmFOR: Young Gentlemen :8 A Special Feature with us. 8Suits andOvercoats .. L S$13.00 to$20.00 :King Quality Shoes ForMen and BoysDoyle BuildingHiggins S Flannaqan 1:JOct 3 tfpnSTPRITY MUST DECIDE ON 1THE MATTER .OF SUCCESS.(Collier's Weekly.)The difference between fanaticismand heroism is largely a matter ofsuccess. If the leader of a rebellionagainst tradition or government sueceeds in establishing the principle forwhich he commits outrages againstthe public calm, he is acclaimed byposterity a hero and a martyr. If hefails he is remembered, if at all, asa slightly deranged person who oughtto have been put in a sanitarium andtreated for neurasthenia. The present methods of Mrs. Pankhust and herfollowers will he judged in the futureby their results. The question is notone of ethics, but of efficiency. InAmerica, where co-education, democracy and the good fellowship of theWest have developed a sympatheticcomradeship between the sexes whichis equalled nowhere in the world savepossibly in Australia or New Zealandit is difficult to understand the formof protest in which these women areindulging. It seems to us that suchmethods only make more difficult theattainment of suffage, or any otherend. But the English gentleman,who is the law giver, is not so opento conviction on questions which seriously affect his ideas of the fitnessof things. He stands by his prejudices as he does by his guns of hisprinciples, and it may be that Mrs.Pankhurst is right in her declarationthat the militant methods are the onlyones sufficiently violent to get underthe hide of the Englishman and makehim realize that these, people are notto be satisfied with bows and smilesand platitudes, but are human beingsdemanding what they consider theirrights, and ready to make any sacrifice to get them. Suffrage will comeeventually, and whether it is becauseof, or in spite of, militancy, the militants will claim the victory. Posterity will have to do some nice judging. The green turtle is found most extensively all along the coast of Magdalena Bay, Lower California. Thenatives in a great many localitiessubsist almost entirely on its meat.At the place named a firm once purchased these turtles for 50 cents andsold them in market of San Franciscofor $5, but it is doubtful if they could Ioe obtained at such prices now.Dukes come higher than poodlesbut that's about the only difference.Taking the whole of Eurone intoconsideration, there are 107 inhabitants to the square mile.A Frenchman has succeeded in flv-mg with an aeroplane driven bV flapping wings instead of a propeller.For advertising Durooses a Pitts-burg store's delivery motorcycle ismodeled to resemble a locomotive.A Russian woman holds 1ip nifi.tude record of her sex in aviation,having flown to a height of 7,800feet.Almost half of many thousandloaves of bread recently tested inLondon were short of weight.The single plase system for electrification of railroad in preference tothe third rail l;as been adopted bythe Swiss Government.A woman who' washes silk hosiery Iin cold water says that the stockings iwear longer than if warm water is !used tor washing.In the Argentine Republic, whichis the strongest lure for Europeanemigrants, except the United States,the immigration of an average yearis not quite three times as great asthe emigration, which consists almostwholly of immigrants returning totheir former homes.DECLARE WAR ON COLDSA crusade of education which aimsthat common colds may become uncommon within the next generation,has been begun by New York physicians. Here is a list of "dont's" thatthe doctors say will prevent the annual visitation of the cold:"Don't sit in a draughty car.""Don't sleep in hot rooms.""Don't avoid .the fresh air.""Don't stuff yourself at imeal timo.Overeating reduces your resistance."To which we would add when youtake a cold get rid of it as soon aspossible. To accomplish that youwill find Chamberlain's Cough Remedy most excellent. Sold by all dealers. (adv)Nov.A German astronomer has published a series of tables which seem toshow a connection between the appearance of sun spots and the wabbling imotion of the earth on its axis,due, perhaps, to a variation in thesun's magnetism.Determining Current of Electricity.There is a very simple manner,which is not generally known, of determining the character of the electricitywhich one may happen to want tomake use of. It is well known thatimplements which are made for thedirect current aije not available wherethe alternating current is used, and inorder to ascertain which kind of current is passing through the wires it isonly necessary. to hold, a small horseBhoe magnet up to one of the lamps.It it is alternating current the filamentwill vibrate, but if it is direct currentthe filament will lean toward the magnet. NERVOUS AND SICK HEADACHESTorpid liver, constipated bowels anddisordered stomach are the causes ofthese headaches. Take Dr. King'sNew Life Pills, and you will be surprised how quickly you will get relief.They stimulate the different organsto do their work properly. - No betterregulator for the liver and bowels.Take 25c. and invest in a box today.At all druggists or by mail. H. E.Bucklen & Co., Philadelphia and St,Louis. -Nov , '.(adv)p""EE21rmWhy do you put upYou don't have to ifwith aCole'srwjiHot Blast HeaterYou build only one fire each winter.KtoKE. M. WHEELER FURNITURE tO.Robneel Building, Cor. Main and 8th.See the name "Cole's" on theof each stove. None genuineArt Treasures Unearthed.A statue of Phoebus Apollo has beenunearthed by workmen making a roadon the left bank of Lake Alban. It issupposed that the statue adorned theimperial villa that once overlooked thelake. The workmen tried to smugglethe artistic treasure out of the country, but the police interrupted them.Europeans Fond of Oysters.England eats six hundred tons ofoybters a year, Germany three hundred and fifty tons, Holland one hundred and sixty tons.rISKSkSNo other corset has done somuch to give slender lines toStout andMedium FiguresNo other corset has successfullydevoted itself exclusively to thereducing of excess flesh.other corset has thefundamentalRengo Beltidea of tailoring ourown originalinventionwhich hasmade thisthe leadingReducingcorset of theworld. Noother corsethas ever, ina period of afew seasons, achieved afraction of the RengoBelt country-wide andwonderful success.Today this corset stands asthe first and only garmentmade exclusively for stoutand medium women, thathas great strength, unequalled reducing capacity,and will give an erect,graceful carriage with perfect comfort to the wearer.Prices. $2, $3 and $5Mode! Illustrated $2.For Sale by FRANK & CO.- - - -"Wow! Cold as the dickensFwith such a nuisance?you furnish your house:OriginalIt is never out from Fall till Spring.You get up and dress in roomswarmed with the fuel put in the nightbefore.This is not possible with other stoves. Burns anything soft coal, hard coalor wood.Come in and see this great fire keeperand fuel saver.feed doorwithout itCould Not Move Him.Having tried unsuccessfully varicnhighly recommended plans for dislodging selfish passengers from the coveted seats, the woman who swung,from a strap in front of the sandy man.tried talking "at" him to her husband.As a peroration to her harangue shesaid: "If you, James, should ever bepiggish enough to sit down wherethere was a woman in the car lefti standing I would never speak to you.I again as long I live." The sandy man.looked up then. "Lucky lad," he said."Not many of us could purchase'peace at that pricf."1Nof iVV f, wr is .i hfmlWATuT77 VM RENGO1 UEXTURMPA firv ELASTICUQ n I' fvWEMINCIBf .!II , Ii-&NlKm;- r&&AAf h-aT"r3t ri1HE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY. NOVEMBER, 4, 19T3.V-Special Sale!Having bought too heavy and not havingenough room, we are offering to the public atspecial low prices the following items:Trunks of all Sizes and GradesSuit Cases of All GradesI Comforts, Blankets, Rugs andI Druggets.2 And many other things too numerous to"? mention.1 J. ELVOVE; Paris, Kentucky' Our Call Home Phone 3601DISCOURAGED, NERVOUSMEN AND WOMEN.The Geat Tonic, Tona Vita, Is Building Them Up By Thousands. ,THE WEAK POINT IN' AMERICAN SOCIAL Ll.rE.of f 3A few years ago if you were nervous and all run down, with littlestrength and poor health generally,you would have wondered what to doto build yourself up.Nowadays if you remain in thismiserable condition a day longer, it isyour own fault. Tona Vita, the w-on-derfultonic that has built up thousands of run down people in the lasttwo years, is ready to help you.Get it at once. Take it a few weeksand your old health and strengthwill return without fail. You willfeel like a new person almost from thefirst dose of this pleasant tastingtonic.Weigh yourself after taking TonaVita one week and see how much youhave gained in weight.Tona Vita is sold by Chas. B. Butler & Co. (adv)(Mrs. Wharton in April Century.)"What do you call the weak point?"Bowden paused. "The fact that theaverage American looks down on hiswife."Mrs. Fairford was up with a spring."Really, Charles if that's where paradox lands you!"Bowen mildly stood his ground."Well doesn't he prove it? Howmuch does he let her share in thereal business of life? How muchdoes he rely on her judgment andScratched40 YearsUsed D. D. D.,All Itching Gone! wiuumsmt6.co.0PILES! PILES! HUES! WBLLIAMS INWAN PILEWill cure BUad, Bleeding and IteMaff, It absorbs the tumors, allays Itekiag at ,J acts as a poultice, gives lnstaat raftrf. 'For sale by all druggists, mail M aai tL-This ij the actnnl experience of AnneCroman. Santa Rosq, Cal., with the wonderful D. D. D. Prescription.D. D. D. is the proven Eczema Curs'the mild wash that gives instant reliefin all forms of skin trouble.Cleanses the skin of all Impuritieswsoes away Dioicnes and tiIttit1si) r piy V"fMMVfJV-L. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.a,help in the conduct of serious affairs? ; leaving the skin as smooth and healthyxctiitj naiun. inr msranRft vnii sav i . ui unuuTHE MOST DEVOTED."Who is the one to stick to a fellow to the very last, and who alwayshas a deep-worn belief in him, no matter if everyone else think he is nogood?""Himself!" Judge.taaiaa gsof sssasaat:::iDSHmHrt )THE LEIPSIC FAIR.(New Yory Times.)The commercial fairs of Germanyhave been famous for 300 years, andthe one most noted of all is probablythat which is held four times yearlyat Leipsic. The history of the development of this great meeting ofmerchants from a merchandise market into an exhibition of samples,says a Consular report is intimatelyconnected with the gradual transformation in the industrial life of MiddleEurope, and the change in the character of the merchandise exhibit islikewise closely associated with thisgradual growth.The principal goods handled at theLeipsic Fair is by means of samples.Last year 83,460,765 passengerswere carried for fares on the streetrailways of Georgia, while 15,174,831rode free.An English brewer chemist claimsto have perfected a dealcoholized beerfree from intoxicating properties butretaining all the original flavor.SAVED HIS FOOT.iSave the Difference!H. D. Ely, of Bantam, O., sufferedfrom horrible ulcer on his foot forfour years. His doctor advised amputation, but he refused and reluctantlytried Bucklen's Arnica Salve as a lastresort. He then wrote: "I used yoursalve and my foot was soon completely cured." Best remedy for burns,cuts, bruises and eczema. Get a boxtoday. Only 25c. All druggists, orby mail. H. E. Bucklen & Co., Philadelphia or St. Louis.Nov. (adv)his wife's extravagance forces himto work too hard; but that's not whatis wrong. Its normal for a man towork hard for a woman what's abnormal is his not caring to tell heranything about it.""To tell TJudine? She'd be boredto death if he did.""Just so; she'd even feel aggrieved.But why? Because it's against thecustom of the country. And whosefault is that? The man's again Idon't mean Ralph. I mean the genushe belongs to; home sapiens. Americanus. Why haven't we taught ourwomen to take an interest in ourwork? Simply because we don't takeenough interest in them."Mrs. Fairford, sinking back in herchair, sat gazing at the vertiginousdepths above which his thoughtsseemed to dangle iier."You don't? I mean the Americanman doesn't the most slaving, selfeffacing, self-sacrificing ?""'Yes; and the most indifferent;there's the point. The 'slaving's' noargument against the indifference. Toslave for woman is part of the oldAmerican tradition; lots of peoplegive their lives for dogmas they'veceased to believe in. Then again, inthis country the passion for makingmoney has preceded the knowing howto spend it, and the American manlavishes his fortune on his wife because he doesn't know what else todo with it.""Then you call it a mere want' ofimagination for a man to lavish hismoney on his wife?""Not necessarily but it's a want ofimagination to fancy it's all he owesher. Why does the European womaninterest herself so much more in whatthe men are doing? Because she's soimportant to them they make it worthher while! She's not a parenthsis, asshe is here they simply don't picture life without her."Get a 50c bottle of this wonderfulEczema Cure today and keep it In thexiouse.We know that D. I. D. Win do all that1 claimed for itu. t. BUTLER & CO.BUCK FREEMANFirst- Class Barber Shp.Three Expert Artists; NoWaits.Hot and CoIdBaths.Main ?t. - Opp. Court HouseTry Buck's Coal Oil Shampoo,Professional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Here Is the HostOffice Phones jResidence E-T. 334.uesiaence j Home 334136.136.DB.A. H KELLER.Practicing Physician. Lexington, Ky.Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Wlk's Bid s ROTTRttON REMEDY CO..fans - - - KentuckjJ J. WILXjIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Building.The younger the practioner of anyprofession, the wiser his looks.Judge.At the age of 90 Phobe M. Wooley Palmeter, the last daughter of aRevolutionary soldier, Jonathan Wooley, on the pension roll, died April25, 1911.Never throw a good tailored coatdown carelessly if you wish it to preserve its shape.Why throw away your coal range when you canhave it exchanged for natural gas range. We dothis. 0 And we handle nothing but the best ranges Sand heaters Clark Jewel and Wilson. They areguaranteed to consume - less fuel than any stoves 2made. The Clark Jewel has no competition as abaker and cooker. The Wilson heaters give moreheat than any stove ever sold.We carry the largest line of Gas Fixtures, Heat- 2ers, Ranges and Gas Grates of any firm in Lexinglon. 2We save you from 25 to 50 per cent, on anything 2in the gas line. We own our own business house andhave no rent to pay, therefore can undersell the otherfellow and make as much profit as the man who is inthe high rent district. See us before you make anypurchases and you win realize wny our monoSAVE THE DIFFERENCE.Suicide has often been regarded asa luxury, and Marseilles, France, colonized from Miletns in ancient days,preserved a custom and a prison formany years under Roman rule. Adose of hemlock and aconite was allowed to any one who could showsufficient reason why he should deserve death. "This custom," saysValerius Maximus, "comes fromGreece, particularly from the islandof Ceos, where I saw an example. Itwas a woman of great quality, whohaving lived very happily ninetyyears, obtained leave to die this way,lest by living longer she should happen to see a change of her good fortune."JVIoro small towns in Norway useelectricity than in any other country, owing to the abundance of waterpower.In 1910 there were 1,502 strikes inPrance.A NIGHT OF TERRORISGEO. PAYNE,N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky.Between Main arid ShorttBrass Grates, $6.00The Kind that Sells Everywhere From$8.00 to $1 2.00NOTICE Our representative will be in Paris Tuesdayand Friday of each week. Drop us a card and he willcall upon you.The young woman who keeps herhands white at the expense of hermother, who performs the householdduties, is never likely to astonish people with her order and cleanlinesswhen she gets a' home of her pwn.Neither is the young man who depends on his father for the necessaries of life 'and the good clothes thathe wears, apt to set a very large portion of the world afire.Few nights are more terriblethan that of a child choking andgasping for breath during an attackof croup, and nothing in the house torelieve it. Many mothers have passed nights of terror in this situation.A little forethought will enable you toavoid all this. Chamberlain's CoughRemedy is a certain cure for croup,and has never been known to fail.Keep it at hand. For sale by all dealers, (adv)Nov.What Frightened Him.During furnace-cleaning operationsin a large steel works the workmenoccasionally had to walk across aplank high in the air. One of themwould cross It on his hands andknees. "Are you frightened of walking on the plank?" the foreman saidto him once. "No, sir," replied theman; '"tia frightened I am of walkingoff it!"Produces No Finished Products.Egypt is solely a. producer of rawmaterial. Its entire needs of manufactured goods and prepared material aremet from abroad. Raw cotton represents four-fifths of the total value ofits exports and cotton and seed foursevenths of the remainder. The publicdebt of Egypt amounts to $430,534,014and is almost wholly of foreign holding.Berlin's Palaces.Berlin owes its palaces and manyof its finest buildings to FrederickWilliam I. That monarch had a passion for building, and transmitted itto others. Whenever he heard of arich merchant settling in the capitalhe ordered him to build a residence inkeeping with his wealth. If the merchant obeyed he was duly rewardedand many German families owe theirtitle of nobility to an ancestor havingbuilt a fine house.Enclosed find photo of hog that vwcured of cholera with your BourhHog Cholera Remedy. This hog iraalmost dead before using the medichMand then was entirely cured, exceptloss of ears, tail, etc. The hog isowned by Mr. Skiles Ewing, of Bawling Green, Ky. He wDl he glad togive you a testimonial, and we can getBeveral more if you want thernJENKINS-SUBLETT DRUG CO.,Bowling Green, KyAsk Your Druggist for ltFOR SALE BY W. T BROOKS.Vl ilSfe AMALGAMATED KtZSome stormy evening when thewhole family is gathered about thefire, take up and discuss the feasibility of modern conveniences in thehome. The kitchen sink with hotand cold water, the bath room, hotair, steam or hot water heat, are asmuch a necessity for convenience andcomfort in the country as in the city,and may be had as cheaply. Everyfarmer's family may and shouldknow the facts regarding these desirable improvements. NNOTE DROPPEDLeads to Arrest of Alleged TraffickerIn Women.Late in the afternoon detectives ar-rescea jonn (JonKim, a ariver, on acharge of having taken the McLaughlin girl away from her home and kepther a prisoner. The charge againstthe Clark girl was changed to one ofabduction, and the three prisonerswere locked up in default of $2,500bail each for examiniing trial.)91GEO- W. DAVISFDNERAL DISECT0B AND LICENSED EMBALMEDBOTHTHONES D AY 137; NIGHT 899.In New York, Josephine McLaughlin, a fourteen-year-old girl missingfrom home a week and for whom ageneral police alarm had been sounded, was rescued this afternoon from aband of alleged traffickers in womenwho had taken her clothing from herand kept 'her prisoner since the nightof her disappearance.A note imploring aid was writtenby the girl and pushed through theshutter of a window. It fluttereddown before the feet of a citizen.He notified the police, who made aspectacular raid of the place and tooktwo prisoners.The girl told the police that sheleft her mother's home on the night ofOctober 28 with a young man she hadmet a few days previously to attenda dance. Her escort took her insteadto the flat from which she was rescued. There she met a man and womanwho confiscated her clothes andwatched her closely.John Hamilton, a driver, one of thegirl's alleged captors, was locked upon a charge of abduction. A girl companion was charged with disorderly'conduct. She said her name, wasElizabeth Clark, and the police,searching their records, found thather disappearance from home hadbeen reported amonth-ago by her fa-ther and that a general alarm for hertoo, had T)een issued. , - -Public SaleofMilk Cows,Dairy Outfit, Etc.Wednesday, Nov. 5,1913, beginning at 10 a. mj,At my place in East Paris, I willsell to the highest and best bidderall of my dairy stock and outfit, consisting of the following:50 Jersey milch cows; some fresh;20 heifers;2 No. 1 grade Jersey bulls; one purebred; pedigree furnished on day ofsale.CL good work horse;1 good work mule;1 good brood mare, injfoal to jack;1 suckling mare mule;1 good 6-yr old driving horse, safefor ladies;1 pair white ponies, about 14 handshigh;6 meat hogs;2 Duroc sows, 6 pigs each;2 good brood sows;1 pair double harness;1 cut-under milk wagon;1 run-a-bout;1 complete dairy outfit;Farming implements of all kindswill be offered.1 good feed slide, good as new.TERMS $25 and under, cash, overthat amount negotiable note 4v monthswith 6 per cent interest. -' n WM.:FARIS,Geo. D. Speakes, Auct. " Paris, Ky.I .' .J 5 -i ;.iNo matter whether the thermometerregisters 105 above or 25 below zenvAmalgamated Arc Rooiinfcji't bq affecicd a particle.No matter the curves cr valleys ofyour roof you need no tin to coveirthem, for Arndgamated ARC ROOFINfris very j:!iabl2. It is the Perfect Rsefingiand the insurances rito iz no higher tha:when slate or metal is used.We authorize our apeits to refund the moaeyif our Roofing u not pt,r!ectly satisfactory.AMALGAHCATED SOOFING CO.C&icaso, IllinoisSold by Millersburg Coal andLumbre Co.,Millersburg, Ky.::Kindness, courtesy and punctuality,Endeavor we to give you.Less money, good quality,Long weight; and anytEncouragement we appreciate.Ring 715 and 106 and we will'Send your order and our thanks.Keller Grocery CompanySpot Cash for Cream fButter Fat for Week Ending November 2, 33cSell your cream to the Tri State Butter Co., Cincinnati, C, 'the -Creamerythat put poor old Elgin down and. out, so far as prices is concerned. Our price week ending Oct. 19th heing 32c.j, The Tri Etate is not an experiment, hut is a RESPONSIBLE and'SAFE and PERMANENT Creamery with 6,000 shippers in three Statesand a capital stock of $75,000 paying Spot Cash for every shipment.The keynote of our business policy has been to establish a reputation of absolute responsibility and integrity in every transaction. Tfesecurity of our SAFE AND PERMANETN market gives the shipper afeeling of relief and satisfaction not only to-day, but EVERY TIME hships. The Tri State shipper is always sure o his money and sure kisTri State check covers the real value of his cream.It is easy to ship cream to the Tri State, as we use the sour crews,simply sending a can once or twice aweek, depending upon your facilityfor keeping it cool.Free cans for thirty days trial are sent prepaid upon request, oc Vthere is any further information desired, write us at once.rThe Tri State Butter Co., Cincinnati Q; Capital Stock.$75,000.r.rv;Y''XW jTHEBOURBON NEWS, PARIS, ;KENTCKYv,NOVMBEE 4, 1913vfe j.fM?xB- -mrt.I-B OF MILLElBUFuasMr. A. S. Miller continues to improve slowly.Mrs. -Claude Viraont is visitingtier sister, Mrs. Metcalfe, at Sharps-Mrs. Mollie Slack has returned to' !i$t home -in Sharpsburg after a visitvhere. -Miss Mary McDaniel, of Cynthiaaa, spent the week end with rela' tives in this city.-Mr. D. M. Hurst addressed a large, crowd" of negro voters at the I. O. O.F. Hall Saturday night.Mrs. Adrian Chanslor left Fridayfor a visit to her sisters, Misses Sue?" and Elizabeth Palmer, at Helena.- Mrs. Martha Vimont returnedshursday after a two weeks' visit to. Ji&r daughter, Mrs. W. A. Munzing, at2ysville., Miss Ruth Tinder, of Paris, is- the guest of Miss Irene Tackett. Miss, Tackett entertained in honor of Miss, Tinder and Miss Jennie Maurie Pep. "y Thursday evening.Harvey Deering, colored, aged 15,7 iks slightly injured Sunday by the' accidental discharge of a revolver hevss handling. The bullet inflicted ailSht wound in the forehead.Mr, Owen Head, of Bradfordsvie, arrived Saturday as the guest of.his brother, Mr. C. J. Head. Mr. Headhas identified himself with the Central Home Telephone Co., and willbe located' atParis, to which point hisfamily -will move in the near future.Master Howard Fightmaster is, onthe sick list.Mrs.- Jas. Bell, o Gallipolis, O.,is the guest of Mrs. George Stoker.Mrs. Morab and little daughter,of Maysville, are guests of Mrs. Jessie Wilson.Mrs. R. M. Johnson united withthe Methodist church Sunday by letter. yMr. J. M. Scott, of Bristow, Tennessee, was the guest of t Dr. C. C.Fisher, last week.Mr. J. C. Fightmaster-and daughter, Mrs. Lee Insko, visited friendsat Cynthiana Sunday.Mrs. W. M. .Parker and sister,Miss Nora Foster, were guests Thursday of their sister, Mrs.- Byron McCarthy, at Paris.Dr. C. B. Smith, W. V. Shaw andC. E. Bryan will leave today tor LakeVillage, Ark., on their annual fishingand hunting trip.Mesdamcs J. M. McQue, of Cincinnati, R. O. Lewis, of Burnsijje, andJ. S. Wyatt, of Mt. Sterling, were theguests of M. F. C. during xthe pastweek.! Mesdames J. D. Redd and 0. H.W. C. T. U. at Carlisle, Saturday afternoon, reviewing the work of theMadisonville convention.Hallowe'en passed off quietlyhere. There was considerable parading on the streets en masque, a fewgates removed and carried away, andthe shutters taken from a few buildings. No damage, of any consequencewas reported.' k The Publio Schoolgave a pie sale. The name' "of eachyoung lady presenting the pie 'was-!made known, and the bidding wasvery spirited, one pie selting as highas 75 cents. Mr. E. F. Peterson actedas auctioneer. At the same time thecadets of the JVI. M. I. entertained, theyoung ladies and faculty of the M. F.,C. and a few other friends, in thelgymnasium. The spacious room wasdecorated with Hallowe'en emblems.Most of the guests came en masque,and their identity was indeed puzzlingTables were placed throughout thejhall, upon which were apples, cracker jack and peanut candy and pumpkin pie, which were freely partakenof by the guests after unmasking.One of the pleasant events of the evening was several readings by MissJennie Maurie Popper, whograduatedgraduated from the Schuster Schoolof Dramatic Art, and who will leavenext week for her new home in Huntington, W. Va. The evening was enjoyed greatly by every one.,i.r .. - rIt is one thing to make sodacrackers that are occasionallygood. 7It is quite another thing tomake them so that they arealways better than all othersoda crackers, always of unvarying goodness.The name "Uneeda" -stamped onevery biscuit means that if a millionpackages of Uneeda Biscuit wereplaced before you, you could chooseany one of them, confident that everysoda cracker in that package wouldbe as good as the best Uneeda Biscuitever baked. Five cents.NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANYHAMILTON QUITS RACEFOR THE SPEAKERSHIP.Representative Elwood Hamilton,of FrankkfOrt, has withdrawn fromthe Speakership race and indicationsare that Speaker Claude B. Terrell, ofBedford, will be accorded re-electionfor a second term at the 1914 sessionof the General Assembly. SpeakerTerrell has not formally announcedhis candidacy, but it is expected in afew days. Only one other candidateis announced, Representative StanleyReed, of Maysville, but it is understood his announcement was condi-N,tional, and with the withdrawal ofHamilton from the race, it is expected that Reed will follow , andSpeaker Terrell will be given the position without a contest.For Tired Feet.Nothing helps tired feet more thanregular rubbing with vaseline' or someother pure fat. Mutton tallow is verygood and agrees with every skin. Soldiers grease their feet every nightwhen on the march. An ounce of flexible collodion and 30 grains of salicylicacid is an effectual corn cure, butmust not be alowed to touch the healthy flesh.MATRIM0N1ALDAVIS-BOWLES.Women Are Independent.Rheta Childe Dorr says that the women of Finland share in everythingwith the men and are chimney sweepers and hod carriers as well asclerks and stenographers. She saysthat most of the unmarried womenhave money, which they have earnedthemselves, and ,it is almost impossible to find one Of them depending onfather or brother.Mr. Ernest Towles and MissBlanche Davis, both of this county,-were united in marriage yesterday afternoon at SP'o'clock in the office ofCounty Clerk Pearce Paton, Squire L.J. Fretwell performing the ceremony. 'McKAY-FRANK.Invitation have been received byrelatives in this city as follows:Mr. and Mrs. John McKayrequest the pleasure ofyour company at the marriage reception of their daughterMary ImrieandMr. Selby Harney FrankLieutenant Coast Artillery Corps,"United States Armyon Wednesday, the twenty-sixth ofNovemberat half-past four o'clockat the Vanderbilt Hotelin the city of New YorkMr. Frank is a son of Dr . LouisFrank, of Louisville, -formerly of thiscity, and is well-known in Paris,where he has many relatives.BROWN-STONE.The Courier-Journal of Sundaycontained the following:"The wedding of Mrs. Carrie Ferguson Brown and Mr. James C. Stonewill take place Wednesday afternoonat 4 o'clock, at the home of the bride'smother, Mrs. John M. Ferguson, inPark Avenue.i "The Very Reverend Charles EwellCraik, dean of Christ Church. Cathedral, will be the officiating clergyman."Mrs. Brown will have no attendants, and Mr. Stone's best man willbe his brother, Mr. Samuel Stone."Miss Mary Miller Brown and Mr.John Brown will hold the ribbons toform an aisle for their mother to passthrough, and she will enter alone."Among the guests from away whowill be here for the .wedding are theHon. C. M. Clay and 'Mrs. Clay, ofParis; Dr. Samuel Halley and Mrs.Halley and the Hon. Leslie Combsand Mrs. Combs, of Lexington; Mrs.James Lambert and Mr. and Mrs.Bernard G. Witt, of Henderson; Mr.and Mrs. Frederick Smith, of Cincinnati. "Mr. and Mrs. Stone will leave thatevening on their bridal tour, and willspend part of the winter in Lexington, returing here for the week-ends."A marriage license was issuedSaturday to Miss Sallie M. Crow andMr. George W. Franklin.Vv--.ROYALBaking PowderSaves HealthandsavesMoneytidMakes Better FoodFLAMES DESTROY PART OFBUSINESS SECTION OF JACKSONFlames which broke out Fridaynight in the business -section of Jackson did damage amounting to about$200,000 in the heart of the city, anddestroyed two blocks of buildings.Two persons were injured, one se-Lriously; and the flames were onlyAvoid Argument at Table.Nothing is a better accompanimentto a meal than lively, cheerful conversation. But he who introduces atthe table an unpleasant topic or startsan argument that may arouse animosity or be pursued too earnestly is notfit company for man or beast. He IsImperiling the digestion oi! every onepresent.FIVE ARE INDICTED INELECTION PR03E.The grand jury in Louisville Saturday returned indictments againstfive election officers who served at theAugust primary on the charge ofmaking false returns in the Planz-Fos-terrace for Jailer.TO NATURAL GAS USERS.this city, when she received information of the accident in. which her husband was injured.Varied Causes of Suicide.Causes of suicide vary. In theOriental patriotic and religious reasons present themselves. In the westthe causes are of a more personaldepartment, andbeing powerlesswhich cases may be divided. For example, the lonely, the sick and incurable, the unemployed and financially embarrassed, victims of nervous diseases.natural gas heaters and ranges. Theyare the best on the market, and the greatly damagedprices less than inferior goods.(24-4t) LOWRY & TALBOTT.(&22 &&ffimmIwb' etilSiUBBHE fjgwjy'yi jfMfm g aMMMHaa (ga dWffea 1 a it, w i I h.1tT ii 7iVrn fJii vi3 rifiy jwn mLM W KmmmmWWmmwwWm'm mf vSHBflMS9DBHHBr VHHBMHr IcSalH'BaHBBIBIV MmlUiUi istopped by the use of dynamite, Jack- j nature. There are many classes intofeon having no firethe hand brigadeagainst the fire.Alf Strong was seriously injured bycbeing buried under a mass of wreckage when one of the buildings in thepath of the flames was destroyed bydynamite, and W. E. Williams, cashier of the First National Bank, whowas standing near Strong, was hurt,but not seriously.Amoig the buildings which wereburned were the postoffice, Thompson's Hotel, and the Baptist andPresbyterian churches.The hotel was first destroyed andthe flames then swept up the westside of Broadway for two blocks, despite the efforts of the firemen.The east side of the street was alsofire-sweDt, and Main street was in-We are local agents for the Favorite j eluded in the fire, area as far as theFirst National Bank, which was notGREATERmTiie Best Made Shoos at Bargains Greater- man Ever.The greater number of the buildings were frame and offered little resistance to the fire, and in most casesthe contents of the buildings as wellas the structures themselves are atotal loss.The fire was discovered in time toenable all the 'guests in the hotel toescape, but many lost their effects "inthe building.Mr. Williams, who was one of theinjured, married Miss Texie Letton,of Bourbon county, who was visitingher . sister, Mrs. D. B. Anderson, inSEE USXiroR! Phonograph iRecord9mmmWe cannot fully impress upon you the magnitude of the great valueswe are offering forSATURDAY AND NEXT WEEKShoes for men, women and children, for all occasions, at pricesagain prove we are greatest bargain house in the county.SOME OF THE- VALUES.mmEUJBl ! NATIONALfeSM Storei fti$!ziafw0Si I 0ct3t s1 1 MmjVictoiRecordsHKJ g 7 ' .thatRegular Ladies' $3.00 Cloth Top $2.49Regular Ladies' $3.00 Gun Metal ..$2.49Regular Ladies' $3.50 Suede, English toe $2;49 ,- Regular Ladies' $4.00 Tan, English toe $3.49Regular Ladies' $3.50 Patent and Gun, button $2.99Regular Ladies' $2.50 Low Heel .. ..... $1.99-Regular Ladies' $3.00 Baby Doll, Gun and Pat $1 .99 'Men's English Toe in W.-O.Men's Tan Shoes, Button and Lace in W.-ORegular 3.50 Men's Tan ShoesReorular $4.50 Men's Tan Shoes, viscal sole ...Regular $3.50 Men's Box Calr , 1.Regular $2.50 Men's Gun Metal, buttonRegular $3:00 Men's Patent, button and lace.$4.00. 4.00$2.99$3.50$2.99$1.90$2.49Rubbers of All Kinds and Descriptions.Satisfaction Garanteed by the Old Reliable House, -The November List is just out, and you'llwant to add some of the collection to your RecordLibrary.Come in.and hear them. You'il enjoy suchnumbers as these: . -GOIOT-She's the Lass For Me.'-- Lauder47430 Happy Little Country Girl . :,-Elida Morris47430 Good-Bye Summer! SoJLong: Fall niello -Winter' 'Time . .Ii -- Peerless Quartet31888-Gemsirom "II Trovatore" rl. :; Verdi 1217420 Listen to My Tale of Woei Conway's Band 1Q17420-Old Setters on Parade (Dalby)-l- Conway's Band-1017432--Hello Boy. ... . ...' L. '...Victor Military Band 117432 A Morning in Spain Victor Military Band 10Z 3D-A.3ST, COHEN Z--W--- ww wVMlWIOTiPf'; , rjWfci ii - - - v- .Daughertv fraV'-NCpr"&.in- J",tis& -'.3.--rrmItj-MXJL cS S JUL r mfUe Bourbon NewPARIS, KY., NOVEMBER 4, 1913.jEtjL p; - V S .-''W JHHv ' ;1H Hr-HF' Hwai3BPt (('Pvilk StE2outHSK'HIMMIIZAJAh direct fromWihe Mill.e maceENVELOPESin all siesfshapes andfashions(Commercialan d Oficia L.cfL,ign grade!$W(jroGersjBags9-MillineryBags, bidingffst Boxes,KDOoa ceo Basfsbr scrapToooaeco andraper.ecralfies.7CkU. S . PAPERGOODS CO.221-235 W. PEARL ST.CINCINNATI.OHIO, U . S . ACONTENTS !Cover Design ------- Eichner & BankPAGEEditorial ----------- 2Kentucky's Capitol - -- - .- - - - -3Administration Officials - - - . - - - - - 5Silo Building in Kentucky ..-----7Agricultural Department ---- 8A "Son of Dixie" A. Bart Horton 11EDITORIALTHE first of a series of articles bearing on agricultural matters in Kentucky and elsewhere, written by Mr. Newman,is published in this issue. In this article Mr. Newman discusses the question of "silos." He has given his time and energyunsparingly towards the promotion of farmers' interests. Mr.Newman's articles will prove very valuable to the readers of thismagazine section.The article in this issue on Kentucky's Capitol was writtenby Honorable Francis B. Douglas, the able private secretary ofGovernor McCreary. Governor McCreary has been fortunate inthe selection of his assistants, as Messrs. Douglas and Bozman, hissecretaries, are capable and efficient young men. His marshal, theHonorable G. T. Farris, has by reason of his courtesy and abilitygained great popularity. The history of the State Capitol wascompiled by Mr. George A. Lewis, Superintendent of PublicPrinting.The high favor with which this magazine section is being received by newspaper men and the public in general is shown bythe following letter:OWENSBORO INQUIREROwensboro, Kentucky, August 9, 1913.THE ASSOCIATED PUBLISHERS CO.,501 Provident Bank Bldg.,Cincinnati, O.Gentlemen: Every publisher who belongs to the AssociatedPublishers Company has a right to be proud of, and doubtless isdelighted with, the initial issue of the monthly magazine. It isnot necessary that the general appearance and quality be eulogized,for they are qualities that stand out on every page "like a housea fire."It is up to the publishers now to maintain a quality of circulation for their publications that will give this great publication thefield for usefulness which its splendid character will permit it toexert. Looking over the list of publications represented, it seemsto me that Kentucky is covered like a blanket and in every instancein each community by a paper of high standing.There is no publication issued which so completely covers aterritory as this one does Kentucky. With this fact clearly beforeadvertisers, it seems to us that the financial future of this publication is indeed most promising.You shall have our hearty cooperation in promoting such asplendid enterprise.Yours truly,OWENSBORO INQUIRER,By Lawrence W. Hager,Bus. Mgr.The City of Magnificent OpportunityCAN GETEVERYTHING9wmW. 1iMOpportunity for shipping because of its splendid rail and waterfacilities.Opportunity for manufacturing because of its central location andshipping facilities.Opportunity for a home because of its beautiful hilltops and suburbs.These Opportunities are for YouINKSH. D. ROOSEN CO.BR03KLYN, N. Y.ColorsLithographicandPrinting InksPerfected ProductsEstablished StandardsModerate PricesWe Specialize inBlack Printing Inksfor Country Newspapers that willprint a dense jetblack and dry outbrilliantPut up in100 lb. Kegsat 7MC430 lb. Barrelsat 7cF. O. B. DestinationH. D. ROOSEN COPRINTING INKMANUFACTURERS78-84 Twentieth St.BROOKLYN, N. Y.sr ..-THE MONTHLY MAGAZINEKentucky's Capitol and Its AdministrationBy Hon. Francis B. DouglasSecretary to the Governormarble from Easton, Pennsylvania, rests a magnificent bronze statue of Abraham Lincoln, theCROWNING the summit of a succession ofbeautiful terraces of Blue Grass, the Capitol of Kentucky overlooks Frankfort. Itsarchitectural design is of great beauty, noble inoutline and artistic in decoration. It is surrounded by wide stone terraces, and some fortyacres of Blue Grass park land.The face-work of the building is constructedof oolitic limestone from Bedford, Indiana, witha Vermont granite bae, and rests upon a concrete foundation as solid as the everlasting hills.The outer walls of the building are ornamentedwith seventy Ionic columns thirty-two on thefront, four on either end, and thirty on theback. All of them are monoliths, twenty-sevenleet ten inches tall and weigh about eighteentons each.There are three entrances to the building, onefacing the East and one at the West, while theprincipal doors face the North. In approachingthese latter from the city it is necessary toascend a flight of twenty-four steps, in rests ofeight steps each, to reach the terrace floor.The steps are of Georgia granite. At the eastentrance the terrace is reached by a few stepsfrom the driveway, but at the west entrancethere are two flights of twenty-one steps of granite each, one ascending from the north andthe other from the south. The outer vestibulesare of Bedford limestone, but the interior wallsare of Georgia and the floors of Tennessee marble. On either side of the north entrance to therotunda there is a bronze tablet the one on thewest bearing the names of the Commissionerswho had charge of the earlier stages of the erection of the building, and the one on the eastbearing the names of the Commissioners whocompleted it.The dome is a close copy of the dome of theHotel des Invalides in Paris, France, and in thecenter of the rotunda is a circle representingthe position cf the red Finnish marble sarcophagus containing the ashes of the great Napoleon.The floor of the rotunda is composed ofseveral kinds of marble light Italio, blueand pink Tennesseeand Verde Antiquewhile the walls areof Georgian marble.Upon the top of thedome there is a lantern containing fourlarge 5,000 candlepower arc lights,while the interior ofthe dome is lightedby 800 incandescentbulbs, 120 in the eye,120 reflected lights atthe head of the pilasters, 120 upon thewalls of the balcony,a line of three hundred and twentyaround the cornice,and 120 in the pendants on the walls atthe second floor.In the center ofthe rotunda, underthe dome, upon amassive pedestal ofgreen SerpentineHON. JAMES B. M'CREARYGovernor of the Commonwealth of Kentuckymartyred President, the greatest of all Kentucky's gifted sons. It is of heroic size, fourteen feet from base of pedestal to top of statue.The floors of the corridors are of Tennesseemarble, trimmed with Verde Antique and lightItalio marble, the wainscoting and pilasters areof Georgia marble, while the walls are coveredwith canvas, painted burnt orange, and thestairways are of Georgia marble.tft sBBfvK)ifii IM m W-j tJiwk'M m, Vt wL jit jf-ga B Ml w W y wlHBK I3JBBTHE STATE CAPITOLThe nave is beautiful indeed, being generousin length and breadth, and is ornamented withthirty-six magnificent monolithic columns of Vermont granite supporting massive cornices. Thesecolumns are 26 feet tall, weigh ten tons, andcost base, shaft and capital $1,968.00 each.The lunettes of the nave are ornamented withhandsome oil paintings, which are exceedinglyinteresting, and treat of early events in the history of Kentucky. The subject of that in theeast wing is "Boone and Companions takingtheir First View of the beautiful level of Kentucky" an event which transpired from the topof Pilot Knob in eastern Kentucky, but theartist has placed the figures in front of theBoone Monument in the Frankfort cemetery, andhas them looking towards the new state capitol.The picture in the west lunette tells the story ofthe "Treaty of Wataga," which was concludednear Fort Wataga, Tennessee, in 1775. By itsterms tl e Overhill tribe of the Cherokee Indians, through their chief Ocon-os-to-to, or Dragging Canoe, sold to Daniel Boone for the Transylvania Land Company, the lands that theyclaimed in Kentucky, for 10,000 pounds, or about$48,600. The Indians claimed the territory extending from the Cumberland river on the westto the Cumberland mountains and Kentucky river on the east and from the Ohio river south.The Transylvania (Beyond the Forest) LandCompany was a corporation composed of NorthCarolina capitalists, headed by Judge RichardHenderson, who proposed to exploit the landsin Kentucky. After the treaty was concludedOcon-os-to-to told the white men that they hadpurchased an exceedingly beautiful country, butit was a dark and bloody ground, and they wouldhave trouble in maintaining it the origin of theterm "Dark and Bloody Ground" as applied toKentucky. Judge Henderson called a meetingof the "Proprietors of the Transylvania District,"as the land company was called, at Boonesborough, and that organization established a codeof nine laws for thegovernment of theterritory, which soonbecame onerous tothe settlers, and theyappealed to the Virginia legislature,through ColonelGeorge Rogers Clark,for relief. The legislature refused torecognize the sale bythe Indians to Henderson and his associates, claiming thatthis territory waspreviously ceded tothe English Crownby the Six Nations,and was included inthe charter grantedto the colony of Virginia; but rather thandeprive the Transylvania people of anybenefit they mightderive from themoney they had paidthe Cherokees, thelegislature gave tothem 200,000 acres ofland what is knownTHE MONTHLY MAGAZINEin western Kentucky as the "Henderson grant"beginning at the mouth of Green River, following its meanders up the stream for twentymiles, extending eight miles east and west fromthe river.Upon the first floor are located file rooms andthe offices of the Departments of Agriculture,Insurance, Land, Education, Adjutant General,Confederate Pensions, Tuberculosis Commission,and Custodian, as well as the rooms of the Historical Society and Ladies' Reception. All theseapartments, except Education (which is finishedin mahogany) are finished in oak and furnishedwith the same. On the second floor are theexecutive offices, viz.: Governor's, Secretary ofState, Auditor, Attorney-General and Treasurer,the walls of all of which are hung with velvetand handsomely furnished in mahogany. Onthis floor are also the office of the Clerk of theCourt of Appeals, the Court Room, Board Room,Law Library, Judge's Consultation and private chambers and State ReceptionRooms. The third floor isdevoted mainly to the hallsof legislation, cloak, committee and retiring rooms,though the MiscellaneousLibrary, Library Commission, State Inspector andExaminer, Court Reporter,Commissioner of Bankingand Superintendent of Public Printing have quartersupon this floor.In April, 1792, a convention assembled at Danvilleand prepared a Constitutionof Government; and on thefourth day of the followingJune, the territory theretofore known as West Fincastle County, Virginia, was admitted into the Federal Union as a sovereign State, theCommonwealth of Kentucky.On Monday, the fourth ofJune succeeding, the firstsession of the First GeneralAssembly was held at Lexington, the seat of government of the new State, andon the fifth of Novemberof the same year the secondsession was held. Thesemeetings were held in arude two-story log building,which was the first temporary State House. On December 22, 1792, the GeneralAssembly adjourned to holdits next meeting in thehouse of Andrew Holmes, at Frankfort, andthenceforth Lexington ceased to be the seat ofGovernment.The second State House of Kentucky, alsotemporary, was a large frame house, in thelower part of Frankfort. In this the session of1793 was held.The third State House of Kentucky, and thefirst permanent one erected for the purposewas occupied September 3, 1794. Records showthat the State paid not exceeding $3,500 towardsthe erection of this building, the remainder having been subscribed by Andrew Holmes andothers to secure the location at Frankfort. Itwas destroyed by fire November 25, 1813. Thefourth State House was a temporary one andthe fifth State House, the second permanentcapitol, was built in 1814. This building wasalso destroyed by fire in 1824. The sixth StateHouse was a temporary one. The seventh StateHouse and the third permanent capitol was occupied in 1829, and additions were made to itconstantly until in 1878 it was a large and handsome structure, built of polished Kentucky marble, with a portico in front of it, supported bysix columns of the Ionic order.The General Assembly of 1904 appropriated$1,000,000 for the erection of the present newcapitol building, and upon investigation the commissioners found the old site inadequate forthe building which was proposed to be erected,and Governor Beckham convened the GeneralAssembly in extraordinary session to considerthe site favored by the commission, in 1905, anda new site was chosen about one mile south ofthe old building, on a prominent plot of aboutforty acres, admirably located for the building.Ground was broken on August 14, 1905 and thework begun. The session of 1906 appropriated$250,000 additional for marble interior and granite columns.Various other appropriations were made, until a total of $1,820,000BBMBBHBMHBMaMBB'r h r VM -.' Nil liyHM. B I n fi ii i i f iTlMrr if -KtiiiiH T lEH k cmmjUimMismemamm howLI - ' w UiM xPspLn wMastit.was spent in the erection of the building. Itwas occupied in the fall of 1909 by public officers, and the session of 1910 of the GeneralAssembly was held there.The total length of the building from east towest is 403 feet, and the width of the buildingis 186 feet, the height of the general buildingis 80 feet, while the height of the dome from theterrace floor to the top is 212 feet. There arearchitectural terraces to all the wings of thebuilding. These are from 30 to 40 feet wide. Thefirst commission appointed to construct this building consisted of J. C. W. Beckham, Governor,H. V. McChesney, Secretary of State, S. W. Hager, State Auditor, N. B. Hays, Attorney-General,and H. M. Bosworth, State Treasurer. The workprogressed rapidly under the able direction ofthis commission, but the building was scarcelyunder roof, when on the first of January, 1908,there was a change of administration, and thefollowing commission completed the work: A. E.Wilson, Governor, B. L. Bruner, Secretary ofState, F. P. James, State Auditor, James Breathitt, Attorney-General, and Edwin Farley, Treasurer. Their capitol is a building of which all Kentuckians may indeed be proud, and is a splendidtestimonial to the great ability, artistic goodtaste and honesty of the commission that constructed it.The powers of the government of the Commonwealth of Kentucky are divided into threedistinct departments; each of them confined toa separate body of magistracy as follows: TheLegislative, the Executive and the Judicial.Legislative power is vested in a House of Replesentatives, consisting of 100 members, andthe Senate, consisting of 38 members. Thesetwo bodies are styled "The General Assemblyof the Commonwealth of Kentucky." The termof office for the House of Representatives istwo years, the Senate four years. The Executive Department consists of the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Treasurer, Auditor of PublicAccounts, Register of Land Office, Commissioner of Agriculture, Labor and Statistics, Secretary of Mate, Attorney-Generalnd Superintendent of Public Instruction. Officers are elected for a term of four years,and the present administration was installed in officeDecember 15, 1911. Thequalifications for the Executive Office are, that theyshall all be at least thirtyyears of age and shall havebeen a resident of the Stateat least two years next before the election. There is,ever, an additional qualificationin the office of the Attorney-General,who shall have been a practicing lawyer at least eight years before his election.Judicial power of the Commonwealth, both as to matters of law andequity, is vested in the Senate whensitting, as a Court of Impeachment, anda Supreme Court now styled the "Courtof Appeals," which consists of sevenjudges, elected from various districts in theState. The Clerk of this Court is styled the"Clerk of the Court of Appeals," and is electedfor a term of four years. Other Courts asestablished by the Constitution are the CircuitCourts, which are established in each county;the County Court, of which there is a judge ineach county, who is elected and whose dutiesare varied, but chiefly consisting in being aconservator of the peace. There are otherCourts, such as Justices' Courts and PoliceCourts, which are created by the counties andmunicipalities. Each county shall have a FiscalCourt, which may consist of the Judge of theCounty Court and the Justices of the Peace,or a county may have three commissioners tobe elected, who, with the Judge of the CountyCourt, shall constitute the Fiscal Court.The State penal institutions are controlled by acommission of three appointed by the Governor.This commission has entire charge of the administration of all of the State penal institutions and hassupervision over them. This commission now consists of Messrs. Daniel E. O'Sullivan; Henry Lawrence and M. F. Conley. The pardoning power,however, is vested in the Governor alone. TheHon. G. T. Farris is Marshal of the State Capitol,and has control of its policing. Mr. Geo. A. Lewisis Superintendent of the State Capitol. The presentadministration officials are men of exceptionalability and high character, although they have served but one year of their term they have alreadymade many changes for the better.5tAdministration Officials of the CommonwealthTHE MONTHLY MAGAZINEHon. James B. McCrearyJames B. McCreary was born in MadisonCounty, Ky.f and all his life his home has beenthere.About forty years ago the people of hishome county chose him to represent them inthe lower house of the General Assembly ofKentucky, and since that time most of his lifehas been devoted to the service of the peopleof his county and his state in the highest officesthat were within their gift.Twice have the people of his native stateelected him Governor, and he is now servinghis second term. In 1907 the Republican partybecame dominant in Kentucky. Augustus E.Willson had been elected Governor by a majority of 1S,000. The Democratic party, tornby factions and temporarily demoralized bydefeat, was powerless, and it seemed impossiblefor it to muster sufficient strength to win in1911.But as the time for that election drew nearthe Democratic leaders in all parts of the statecaucused together and sought a leader.James B. McCreary was at that time President of the American Peace and ArbitrationLeague. He had been chosen to direct the destinies of one of the greatest movements of thecentury. He was leader of progressive menand a promoter of progressive measures. NoKentuckian was better qualified that he toreorganize his party in his state, to readjust itsdifferences and lead it to victory. He had represented the Eighth District in Congress fortwelve years. He had served as Senator in amanner that reflected credit on himself and thepeople who had sent him there. He had beenGovernor, and his administration of that highoffice was a standard of excellence.All this was known to the men of that caucus,and a delegation called on James B. McCrearyand asked him to become a candidate for Governor. He was slow to accept. His duties atthat time were pleasant and of high consequence, but, after deliberation, he accepted, resigned as President of the American Peace andArbitration League and entered the campaign.The rest is fresh in the minds of Kentuckians.After one of the most strenuous campaigns evermade for this office, he overcame the 18,000Republican majority and was elected by 31,000majority. His administration has been essentially progressive. He is an apostle of goodroads and urged the Legislature to pass a law,which, without an increase in taxes, caused better roads to be had in eveor county in thestate. He advocated a safer banking systemand got it. He wanted a Forestry law for theprotection of the forests and to encourage theplanting of trees, a tuberculosis commission tofight that dreaded plague, an extension of theCounty Unit law for the increase of temperance, and in order that this question might betaken out of politics, a Geological Survey toprove the wealth of the state in mineral resources and a fish and game commission. Allof these were enacted into laws and each isserving a good purpose even beyond the expectations of the friends of the administration.The Banking Commission and the Fish andGame Commission are self-supporting. TheForestry Board and the Geological Survey arelargely supported by appropriations from theUnited States Government and money derivedfrom automobile licenses supports the GoodRoads Commission.As a very young man Governor McCrearyentered the Confederate Army as a private soldier, and, except for some months that he wasin prison, he fought straight through until Gen.Lee surrendered. He was one of Gen. Morgan's cavalry, and such was his courage andknowledge of men and military matters hereturned to his home town four years later incommand of his regiment.His private life has been ever clean andpure, and his long political record has beenscanned by his opponents with a thoroughnessthat only the zeal and energy of political enemies could show, and that record is today,without spot or stain, straight and unblemished.He is now a candidate for the United StatesSenate, and if elected he can serve out his fullterm as Governor before he takes his seat asSenator.Governor McCreary, although a man of dignity, is without frills, a modest, scholarly man,easy of approach. He is a man of the peoplewho has never betrayed a trust nor turned hisback upon a friend.Honorable John W. NewmanThe Honorable John W. Newman, Commissioner of Agriculture, Labor and Statistics, isone of the most widely known and popular menof Kentucky, thoroughly equipped for the dutiesof his office. He has done more towards theadvancement of agricultural pursuits in Kentucky than any other man. As an agriculturalexpert, he ranks among the leading men of theUnited States in that profession. He was bornin Monroe County, Kentucky, January 23, 1S69;was educated at the Monroe Normal School ofKentucky and State College of Colorado; wasmarried to Miss Annie Miller Hampton in1894, who died in 1911. He is a member of theChristian Church, Elks, K. of P., Scottish RitesShriner, Red Men and Patrons of Husbandry.From 1888 to 1897 he was a teacher in theNormal Department of the Kentucky StateUniversity. From 1897 to 1899 he taught inthe Colorado Agricultural College. He returnedto his farm in Woodford County in 1899 andwas elected to the House of Representatives in1903 and to the State Senate in 1905. He isthe author of many of the agricultural lawsnow in force in Kentucky. He was Secretaof the Kentucky State Fair from 1908 to 1910.He erected thirty-seven buildings in the FairGrounds. In 1910 he was given a leave of absence to put on the First Insular Fair and Exposition for the government in Porto Rico,out of which he made a success. At the November election in 1911 he was elected Commissioner of Agriculture, Labor and Statistics.As Commissioner of Agriculture he is exofficio chairman of the State Board of Agriculture, which has in charge the annual StateFair, and is also ex-officio chairman of theState Live Stock Sanitary Board. The workof the Department of Agriculture under hisadministration has been directed toward agreater educational development of the agricultural population. The State Fair is recognized as a fundamental educational institution.The Corn Club work has been organized andput upon a plane that is adding a great dealof wealth to the state's resources. More thanfive hundred boys raised 60 bushels or moreof corn to the acre last year in Kentucky, andthe champion boy raised 146 bushels and 55pounds upon one acre. Canning Club work isbeing well organized, and home canning outfitsare being used to educate the girls in preparingand conserving at home the winter supply offoods that has heretofore been bought fromfactories in other states. The concrete silo isone of Mr. Newman's pet hobbies. The Department keeps two men in the field, withforms, demonstrating to the farmers the economy and efficiency of the concrete silo. Thereare thousands of silos now in Kentucky wherethere were but a few hundred two years ago.The Farmers' Institutes have taken on a newsignificance. Politics have been entirely removed from these organizations, as well asfrom the State Fair, and only a few days agothe Commissioner removed his Labor Inspectorat Louisville for dragging that office into apolitical muddle. Kentucky is, unquestionably,a great fruit state if the people would only organize and handle their products in a cooperative way and on a scale sufficient to interest the commercial world. The Departmentof Agriculture in 1913 organized in RowanCounty 520 farmers into a Fruit Growers' Association, and planted 85,000 apple trees on1652 acres of ground. The work done in thismountain county has been so highly appreciatedthat the Superintendent of Schools and theBoard of Education have arranged to hangCommissioner Newman's picture in every schoolin the county. He is regarded as the founderof the fruit industry in that section. A similar organization was formed in Hardin County,with 318 members planting 75,000 trees on 1500acres. Mr. Newman is also an ex-officio member of the State Forestry Commission, and,through the cooperation of the State Board ofAgriculture, an arboretum of 25 acres has beenarranged for upon the lands belonging to theKentucky State Fair. Adjoining these landsCommissioner Newman has succeeded in getting Congressman Sherley, of the LouisvilleDistrict, to locate a Fish Hatchery, from whichthe Federal Government will distribute fish torestock the streams of Kentucky and those ofadjoining states. Within the last few weeksthe Fish and Game Commission and Commissioner Newman have reached an agreement tostart a Game Hatchery and a Game Preserveupon some of the State Fair larfds.With all of these undertakings the Commissioner has a busy life. He is now engaged inwriting the Biennial Report of his Department,and the next session of the Legislature will becalled upon to enact additional laws enablingTHE MONTHLY MAGAZINE6his Department to fulfill the claims made forit by the Commissioner, that it deals with thatclass of citizens who are fundamentally thewealth creators of the state, and as such areentitled to the fullest consideration in the government of the state through the Departmentof Agriculture, Labor and Statistics.Honorable James GarnettHonorable James Garnett, Attorney-General,comes from the county of Adair, the first county alphabetically, and one of the few that hasmoneys which has resulted in large savings tothe state. He is an advocate of a system oftaxation that will bring to light the millionsof untaxed property in order that all propertymay bear an equal proportion of the burden oftaxation. His definition for retrenchment is"dehorn all useless offices and cut out a fullcrop of unnecessary expenses," and for reformis, "shift the burden of taxation from the smallproperty owner to the shoulders of all propertyowners which will reduce the tax rate until itwill not burden any of the property owners."The people of Kentucky are fortunate, indeed,in having as Attorney-General of their state aman of such high integrity of character andgreat ability as Mr. Garnett.never been contaminated by a railroad. He wasborn in Columbia, in that county, November 15,1871. Educated at Columbia and GeorgetownColleges. Graduated from the Law Department, University of Louisville, Kentucky, 1893.Was married to Miss Lena Vordeman, December 10, 1895. Is a member of the BaptistChurch, Mason, I. O. O. F. and K. of P. Waselected County Attorney of Adair County in1897, and reelected in 1901. Was a member ofthe Democratic State Central Committee fromthe Eleventh District from 1895 to 1908. Hehas served as Special Judge of different Circuit Courts, both by appointment from theGovernor and by agreement of parties. Helived in Adair County until he moved to Frankfort to assume the duties of the office of Attorney-General,to which office he was electedby a majority of 32,062. For more than twentyyears he has been actively engaged in the practice of law, and he has long been recognized asone of Kentucky's foremost lawyers. However,he has found time to fill the position of VicePresident of a good bank and has done somereal farming.Upon assuming the duties of the office, Mr.Garnett surrounded himself with a corps ofable and active assistants, and he has cleanedup the business assigned to that office. Mr.Garnett's legal training and business experience,together with the knowledge of fiscal affairsacquired during the eight years' service asCounty Attorney, has enabled him to rendervaluable service to the state which was burdened by an unauthorized debt. It is said thathe has acquired a most intimate knowledge ofthe state fiscal affairs. He is an advocate ofretrenchment and reform in the fiscal affairsand believes in the fullest publicity of all thestate's business. He has vigorously opposeduseless and unauthorized expenditure of publicHonorable C. F. CreceliusDr. C. F. Crecelius, Secretary of State, whoseable and energetic administration of his officehas won for him almost universal commendation, is the youngest of the state officers ofKentucky. He was born at Leavenworth, Indiana, March 25, 1877; was educated in the public schools and the University of Cincinnati;was graduated from the Ohio College of Dentistry in 1900. He was married to Miss Perkhiser, of Leavenworth, Indiana, and followingher decease, married Miss Margaret GulickDunstar, of Falmouth, Kentucky, in 1901. Hewas a member of the House of Representatives of Kentucky in 1908, and was the authorof the Crecelius Tobacco law which was enactedat that session. He was instrumental in effecting the sale of the 1906 and 1908 burley poolto the American Tobacco Company. He wasreelected to the House of Representatives,1909. Dr. Crecelius is recognized as the champion of the cause of the labor masses. He wasnominated for Secretary of State in the Demo-cratic State Primary in 1911 without oppositionand was nominated with the state ticket. Despite the fact that he had no opposition heeffected a splendid organization. He has provenone of the most capable state officials that Kentucky has ever chosen. Dr. Crecelius residesat Falmouth, Kentucky.Honorable Henry M. BosworthHonorable Henry M. Bosworth was electedAuditor under a pledge to exact from the corporations their share of the public expensefund. As Chairman of the Board of Valuationand Assessment he has redeemed that pledge,and has caused all the corporations to belisted for taxation at a valuation which approximates 80 percent of the real value. Hebelieves in obeying the command of the peopleas recorded in the Constitution which he promised to support. In this instrument he founda clause which said that no money should bepaid out of the public treasury except in pursuance to an appropriation made by the Legislature, and by this standard he has measuredthe accounts presented to him, which has savedto Kentucky many dollars. Mr. Bosworth hasbeen most active in the question of taxationreform, and with Attorney-General Garnett isworking hard to impress upon the people ofKentucky the necessity for radical steps in thisdirection. Mr. Bosworth was born in FayetteCounty and educated at the State College. Heis a practical and scientific farmer. He servedfrom 1898 to 1902 as Sheriff of Fayette County,and was Treasurer of the State of Kentuckyfrom 1904 to 1908, serving during that time asa member of the Capitol Commission. He wasmarried to Miss Ollie Fant, June 3, 1909. Heis a member of the Elks, I. O. O. F., K. of P.,Eagles and Red Men. Not only is Mr. Bosworth a capable and efficient officer, but he isone of the most popular men ever elected topublic office in Kentucky.Hon. Barksdale Hamlett, Superintendent ofPublic InstructionHonorable Barksdale Hamlett, Superintendentof Public Instruction, has by his ability anduntiring energy made wonderful progress inthe advancement of Kentucky's educational system. He was born in Prince Edward County,Virginia, February 3, 1879, and was educated inthe public schools there and at Hamden, SidneyCollege. He was married to Miss Daisy Crune,of Hardin County, Kentucky, May 24, 1899.He is a member of the Masons, Elks, K. of P.and W. O. W. For seven years he was Superintendent of the city schools at Hopkinsville,and during that time erected a high school thatis conceded to be the best equipped and mostmodern high school building in Kentucky. Under his leadership the Kentucky EducationalAssociation was incorporated, and he wasmade its President. This Association has become a powerful factor in shaping the educational policies of the state. Mr. Hamlett is.THE MONTHLY MAGAZINEundoubtedly, a master of the school problemsof Kentucky.When he entered upon the duties of his office he immediately started a vigorous movement for the reform of Kentucky's educationalsystem, and through his efforts the Legislaturehas already enacted the following laws: TheSchool Inspection law, the Act providing forthe supervision of Rural Schools, the law providing for the raising of the standard of qualification and increasing the salary of CountySuperintendents, the Teachers' Salary Schedule,the Compulsory Attendance law for ruralschools, and the Act giving to women the rightto school suffrage.The School Inspection law was an especiallyvaluable one. For many years gross fraudswere perpetrated in the management of theschool affairs of the state. On account of thelack of authority on the part of the Superintendent of Public Instruction, and the insufficient help given him, practically nothing couldbe done toward correcting these vicious evils.A law was passed giving the Superintendentof Public Instruction additional power and dutyof inspection of schools, school revenues andthe management of schools, with two assistantinspectors. The State Superintendent as "special inspector" and his assistant inspectors havedevoted much time to the correction of fraudsin reporting the school census, the assessmentand collection of taxes from corporations andproperty holders, which have previously paidlittle or no school tax, the misappropriationand misuse of school funds, and the correctionof many evils which existed in the general administration and management of the schoolaffairs of the state. In one single instance,within a few weeks after the Act became effective, there was saved to the state $20,000 inthe correction of a census report. In anotherinstance, a large and powerful corporation wasmade to pay more than $60,000 in school tax,0"'". -: ''"PBBH.wh'ch it had previously lefused to pay. Infact, during the past two years it would be safeto say that over two hundred thousand dollarshas been saved to the state and redistributedin such a way as to make more efficient thepublic school system of the Commonwealth.Since the Act providing for the Supervisionof Rural Schools, more than seventy countieshave employed competent supervisors.The amendment of the law relating to theoffice of County Superintendents provides thatthere shall be a minimum salary of $600 anda maximum salary of $2,500, and requires theSuperintendent to devote his entire time to hisoffice. This puts the office of County Superintendent on a plane with other county offices.The Teachers' Salary Schedule law was avery important step towards real progress. Itundertakes to equalize salaries and prevent special favors. These salaries are now paid on abasis of qu -iification, experience and percent ofattendance.The Compulsory Attendance law was a revision of the old law which had not provedeffective. Under the new taw the attendancefor the past year showed w increase of atleast twenty-five percent over any previousyear.Mr. Hamlett is earnestly urging the creationof a rural State Board of Education. Such alaw has been introduced many times, but hasalways failed of passage. The time has arrivedwhen such action is imperative. The changesas urged by Mr. Hamlett are as follows: First,the number of members should be increased;second, a majority of its members should beprofessional men; third, its membership shouldbe familiar with every phase of school life andschool work in the state; fourth, it shouldhave the power to largely operate and controlthe school affairs of the state without thenumerous restrictions and petty details atpresent existing. A longer school term is alsobeing earnestly advocated by Mr. Hamlett, asis also the teaching of agriculture in ruralschools.Silo Building in KentuckyBy J. W. NewmanCommissioner of Agriculture, Labor and Statistics, KentuckyO7' January i, 1912, when the present Commissioner of Agriculture was installed inoffice, there were a few hundred silos inKentucky; practically all of these were woodenstructures. The United States Government hadhad in the State for a year or more a representative from the Department of Agriculture preachingthe advantages of silos as a whole and of concrete silos in particular. The State Departmentof Agriculture succeeded in getting an appropriation of "five thousand dollars annually for demonstration work in several lines. The first work thatthe Department did in a demonstration way wasalong concrete silo lines. The general plan of thiswork and some of the results therefrom are givenhere.The corn crop of Kentucky, that is, the grainfrom the corn crop, for 1912 is given by the Department of Agriculture at Washington as beingworth in round numbers, sixty millions of dollars.The chemists tell us that the feeding value of thestalks, blades, shucks, silks, tassels and cobs of thecorn plant when in the silo stage is practically thesame in quality and quantity as that of the grainon the plant. Stated in a different way, the graingrown on the plant in Kentucky is sixty millionsof dollars per annum, and the feeding value ofthe plant other than the grain is approximatelysixty millions of dollars. Anyone familiar withthe methods of handling the corn stalk by thefarmers in this State would not undertake to saythat more than fifty percent of the feeding valueof the corn stalks in Kentucky is actually saved bythe farmers There is an annual loss, therefore,Concrete Silo, 18x42 Feet. Capacity, 25 Tons. ErectedAugust, 1912, by R. B. Hutchcraft, Pans, Ky.of approximately thirty millions of dollars in Kentucky through our wasteful methods of handlingthe corn plant after the ear is taken therefrom.Were all of these plants put into silos at the righttime, practically all of this waste would be prevented since, in filling the silo, the entire cornplant is used. Stock, especially cattle and sheep,will eat practically the entire plant in the form ofgood ensilage. From a saving standpoint alone,therefore, the immense value of the silo to thecorn-growing farmer is self evident, but the valueof the silo does not stop here.To use ensilage live stock must be handled. Thegreat manurial value of the corn plant is savedin this way for the farmer. Again, a great amountof labor is saved by gathering the entire corn plantinto a silo and having it convenient for feedingduring the winter, instead of gathering the ear atone time and waiting until cold and freezingweather to go to the fields for a shock or so offodder per day. There is a fourth value in savingthe crop and feeding as ensilage that is difficult todescribe but that value is in the crop nevertheless.Any experienced feeder knows that live stock doesnot do well on dry feed alone for a very longperiod. The succulency of the ensilage enables theanimal to stay in a healthier condition, to makemore from the dry feed given it along with the ensilage, and feed to better advantage generally.When animals are changed from pasture to dryfeed they lose what the farmer usually terms their"sap". When put on grass in the spring after dryfeed, it is noticed by the average feeder how quickContimied on page 13.THE MONTHLY MAGAZINE8AGRICULTURAL DEPARTTheKentucky Agricultural ExperimentStation and its WorkEdited by Thomson R. Bryant, Supt.EDITOR'S NOTE This is the third of a wriei of articles onThe Kentucky Agricultural Experiment Station and its Work.CONDITIONS NECESSARY FORITS GROWTHMANY letters are received by the KentuckyAgricultural Experiment Station askingwhether alfalfa can be grown successfully in Kentucky. Our answer invariably is that itcan be grown with a satisfactory degree of success if certain conditions are met.Alfalfa is grown in the United States in alllatitudes and under practically all climatic conditions, so the conditions of growth are largelysoil conditions. They are as follows:1. A well drained soil is required. Alfalfa willnot thrive on a soil which has a subsoil that doesLimed Alfalfa, Rate Four Tons per Acre, Kentucky Experiment Station, 1913 Crop. Results given insecond table.not let water out readily. If water should standnearer than three feet of the surface, even in wetweather, for more than two or three days at atime, the soil is too wet. If at less than a depthof two or three feet the subsoil should be whitishor grayish, it is an indication of poor drainageand sowing alfalfa on such soil would be risky.2. A fertile soil is required. Alfalfa requireslarge amounts of plant food, and it is uselessto sow it on thin soils. Alfalfa has the power, ifinoculated, to obtain part of its nitrogen fromthe air, but can not make large growth if limitedby the mineral elements of plant food. Practically all of the soils of the State, outside of theBlue Grass region, are deficient in phosphorous,and on such soils some form of phosphate shouldbe used rather freely. Bone meal, acid phosphate, or raw ground phosphate rock may beused. They should be applied broadcast anddisked in before plowing. In case the last namedmaterial is used, the soil should be especially wellsupplied with organic matter, or as we sometimessay, humus. At least a fair supply of humus isnecessary for successful growth on any type ofKentucky soils.3. Lime or limestone is required. It has beenAlfalfa in KentuckyBy George RobertsAgronomist, Kentucky AgriculturalExperiment Stationshown repeatedly that alfalfa requires a liberalsupply of lime or limestone. If the soil does notnaturally contain limestone, it is necessary tosupply either burnt lime or ground limestone.The Kentucky Station recommends an applicationof two tons of burnt lime or four tons of groundlimestone per acre. The material should be applied on the plowed ground and disked in.The following tables show some results obtained on the Kentucky Station Farm, w.iich istypical central Kentucky Blue Grass soil of limestone origin and overlying limestone.On a field sown in August, 1910, part of whichwas limed, the following yields were obtained.The figures are yields per acre.Limed Unlimed GainFirst Cutting, ioi.i 3,640 lbs. 2,080 lbs. 1,560 lbs.First Cutting, 1912 4.760 " 3,900 " 860 (Second Cutting, 1912 3.74Q " 3.280 460Total for 3 Cuttings 12,140 lbs. 9,260 lbs. 2,889 lbs.The severe drouth of 1911 prevented subsequentcuttings that year.On another field sown in August, 1912, experiments were made to determine the effect of different amounts of limestone. Sulfate of potashwas also used in one experiment. Two cuttingswere made, the severe drouth of this year preventing sufficient growth for later cuttings. (Alfalfa can not withstand severe drouth the firstyear, on account of its not having rooted deeply.) The following table shows the results obtained: Amount of Increase overLimestone First Second untreatedper acre cutting cutting Total soilNone 600 771 i37i6 tons 2,228 1,592 3.820 2,4494 tons 2,450 2,oio 4.460 3.0892 tons 1,943 1.607 3.550 2,1792 tons -f- 300lbs. sulphateof potash 2,418 1,530 3.948 2,577It will be seen that limestone in every casegave a large increase. On this particular fieldthe limestone cost $2.00 per ton applied to thesoil. In case of the largest application, it waspaid for by the increase in the first two cuttings.For the first year, however, the most profitableincrease was from four tons per acre. We do nothave sufficient data to show what is the mostprofitable amount to apply to last through theperiod for which the ground is occupied by thecrop, which is usually four to six years. The useof potash is not profitable on this type of soil asindicated by the results of the first year. Perhaps the only soils in the State that do not needthe application of limestone for the growth ofalfalfa are the limestone hills of the northernpart of the State.4. Inoculation is necessary. If the soil doesnot already contain the nodule forming bacteria,they should be introduced when seeding alfalfa.This may be done by using laboratory cultureswhich are applied to the seed, or by using soilfrom an alfalfa or sweet clover field known tobe infected with the bacteria. Laboratory cultures may be purchased from commercial housesand they are sometimes sent out free of chargeby the U. S. Bureau of Plant Industry, Washington, D. C. Cultures of this organism mayalso be obtained from the Kentucky AgriculturalExperiment Station, free of charge, upon sufficient notice. In case soil is used, not less thanUnlimed Alfalfa, Kentucky Experiment Station, 1913 Crop.Results given in second table.200 pounds per acres should be scattered broadcast and immediately harrowed in.In making examination of roots for nodules,they should not be pulled up but should be carefully lifted out with a spade. The soil shouldbe carefully removed, preferably by soaking itoff in water.5. The ground must be free from weeds andgrass. The presence of weeds and wild grasses,or even blue grass, is detrimental to the growthof alfalfa. With all the other conditions favorable the presence of weeds and wild grasses willmean a failure.PREPARATION OF SEED BEDAND SEEDINGIt is best to seed about August 15, as springseeding generally means a struggle with crabgrass and foxtail throughout the season, without much return in hay.The seed bed should be prepared for some timebefore seeding and should be cultivated frequently to kill weeds and conserve moisture. Theground should not be stirred deeply immediatelybefore seeding as this will throw up a new lotof weed seeds which will germinate along withthe alfalfa. The ground may be broken in theTHE MONTHLY MAGAZINE9spring and fallowed till seeding time, or a cropof potatoes, oats, wheat or some other cropthat will come off early may be grown. Immediately after the removal of such a crop theground should be thoroughly prepared. At leastfour weeks should intervene between breakingand seeding, and the longer the time the better.Before seeding, the ground should be finely pulverized and well compacted. A heavy rollermay be used immediately before seeding.If sown broadcast by hand or by broadcastseeder, about 20 pounds of seed should be usedand seeded cross directions. If the special smallseed drill is used, 12 to 15 pounds of good seedwill be sufficient, if moisture conditions are favorable. The seed should be covered lightly, aboutthree-quarters of an inch deep, if the soil is asfirm as it should be. Fall sown alfalfa should notbe clipped.CARE OF THE FIELDAs already noted, grasses and weeds are deadlyenemies of alfalfa. If they should show up in thefield they may be, in a large measure, controlledor eradicated. After the alfalfa is cut, the groundmay be disked with the gangs set at a slight angle,running back and forth instead of going aroundthe field. Then with a sharp spike-tooth harrow, run across the line of the disk harrow. Thisprocess will usually destroy most weeds andgrasses. An exception difficult to handle is bluegrass if it gains much headway before this process is begun. As a substitute for the abovenamed implements the spring-tooth harrow maybe used, and it is preferable on types of soilthat do not get too hard. It may be used inconnection with the disk as a substitute for thespike-tooth harrow.The profitable period of an alfalfa field in Kentucky is usually from four to six years, althoughthere are fields in the State twelve to fifteen yearsold. The writer knows of one such field in Woodford county. It is generally believed to be moreprofitable to plow up the field at the end of fourto six years and plant corn or potatoes and"cash in" the accumulated fertility. Whatevermay be the cause, soil produces exceedingly wellafter a good growth of alfalfa.CURING THE HAYThe proper time to cut alfalfa is when newgrowth appears at the crown.The same principles apply in curing alfalfa asin curing other hay. It should be cured bywilting and not by sun burning the leaves. Assoon as it is in a good wilt, it should be throwninto windrows. Whether it should be taken fromthe windrow to the barn or put into cocks depends on whether weather conditions will permit it to cure sufficiently in the windrow.ALFALFA AS A CROP FOR DAIRY CATTLEAlfalfa is the one bes.t dry roughage for dairycattle. It has a high protein content which makesit very desirable in balancing the rations.Alfalfa grown on the Kentucky Station Farm,and shown in the first illustration in this article,was found to contain 12.10 percent of protein onthe basis of 10 percent of moisture in the hay,which is a thoroughly air-dry condition. This isalmost as much protein as is contained in wheatbran, although there is some difference in digestibility in favor of the bran.Alfalfa is a splendid soiling crop for dairy cattle, that is, a crop which is cut green and fedto animals. It comes in by the latter part ofMay, and in conjunction with rye, oats, cornof early and late varieties, and soy beans, furnishes a continuous supply of green feed tillfrost.DYNAMITING THE SOILFrequent questions are asked in regard to thedesirability of dynamiting the soil for alfalfaand other crops.In the fall of 1911 the Kentucky ExperimentStation dynamited an acre, plowed an acre withthe Spalding Deep Tilling Machine to a depthof 12 inches, subsoiled an acre in the ordinaryway to a depth of 12 inches, and plowed an acreto the depth of 6 or 7 inches with the ordinarymoldboard plow. The ground was seeded tooats in the spring of 1912. After the oats wereremoved the ground was immediately preparedfor alfalfa, which was seeded the latter part ofAugust. Two crops were cut in 1913, the severedrouth preventing later growth. The followingtable gives the yield of field-cured oats and alfalfa hay per acre:Alfalfa, 1913First SecondOats, Hay, 1912 cutting cutting TotalOrdinary plowing 3,89s lbs. 1,850 lbs. 1,542 lbs. 3,392 lbs.Dynamited 3.850 " 2,600 " 1,644 " 4,244 ,Deep tilling 4,320 " 2,162 " 1,666 " 3.828Subsoiled 4,305 " 2,410 " 1,887 " 4,297 "Since it costs about $15.00 an acre to subsoilwith dynamite, it will be seen that it is unprofitable on this type of soil, as measured by theabove-named crops. When the alfalfa becomesdeeper rooted, the results may be different. Thegain of alfalfa for ordinary subsoiling is 905pounds per acre, which is worth six to sevendollars.The White Burley Tobacco Industry of Central KentuckyBy Benj. F. ScherffiusIn charge of Tobacco Investigations of Kentucky, West Virginia and Tennessee)GROWTH OF THE TOBACCO INDUSTRYTOBACCO was grown in this country longbefore the arrival of the first settlers. Itearly attracted the attention of the colonists, and for nearly two centuries was identifiedwith their social, economic and political devel--4Ksir B Iw. ". mHB "y" '"' '" '' w" ' JA Good Type of Modern Barn for Air-Curing Burley Tobacco, at Kentucky Experiment Station Farm,Lexington, Kentucky.opment, especially was this true in Maryland andVirginia. In 1732 it was legal tender in Maryland at the rate of 1 penny per pound, for alldebts, including customs dues, salaries of Stateofficers and even ministers of the Gospel. Aslate as 1777 the tax levied for Baltimore countyThis is one of a series of articles on the cultivation, curing, and marketing of White Burley Tobacco.and city was fixed at 172 pounds of tobacco perpoll.EXTENSION OF THE INDUSTRYAlthough some tobacco was grown during thetime of the early settlements, the first real extension of the industry was westward, in Kentucky and Tennessee. In 1785 tobacco production was of considerable importance in northernKentucky while in southern Kentucky this industry came into prominence about the year 1810.The tobacco produced in Kentucky was the dark,export type that has always prevailed in theselocalities. Up to the year 1833 practically allthe tobacco grown in this state was sent by theplanters in boats to New Orleans for shipmentto foreign countries. In that year, however,warehouses were established in Clarksville, Tennessee. Soon others sprang up in Louisville,Kentucky and in the surrounding towns of thisstate.ORIGIN OF WHITE BURLEYIn 1S64 the White Burley tobacco was originated through a sport from the Red Burley, onthe farm of Mr. George Webb, in Brown county, Ohio, and was called White Burley in contradistinction to Red Burley on account of itslighter color. This tobacco has become extremely popular on account of its absorbent powersand its mildness of flavor. It is particularly welladapted for plug filler and plug and twist wrappers. The finer types are used for cigarettewrappers, while the flyings and trashy grades areused for pipe smoking. The cultivation of thistobacco rapidly extended over the limestonearea of central and northern Kentucky, and isat present chiefly confined to this area, thoughsome Burley of very fine quality is grown uponfreestone soil in West Virginia. The White Burley district of Kentucky embraces a little morep JP $ $Jp&iWhite Burley Tobacco ready to be hauled to Curing Barns,Kentucky Experiment Station Farm,Lexington, Kentucky.than 10,000 square miles and comprises about25 percent of the Kentucky crop, approximately85,000,000 pounds.SOILS OF THE WHITE BURLEYDISTRICTThe soils are among the most fertile in theUnited States, containing an almost inexhaustible supply of phosphate and potash. Many of510THE MONTHLY MAGAZINEthem are also rich in organic matter and available nitrogen. In this respect they occupy aposition in relation to the growth of product opposite in character to the soils best fitted forthe production of yellow tobacco. Comparingthe soils of Mason, which is one of the finestproducing counties of White Burley, with thesoils of Granville, North Carolina, a typical yel-&i'3KfcJL4i4SarSstC&f'c&Field of White Burley Tobacco, Kentucky ExperimentStation Farm, Lexington, Kentucky.low tobacco county, we find that the Burley soilcontains seven times as much organic matter,twice as much alumina, ten times as much magnesia, three and one-half times as much manganese, nearly seven times as much phosphoric acid,six times as much sulphuric acid, and one-tenthmore potash. While the yellow tobacco soilcontains nearly twice as much soda and approximately 20 percent more sand.The topography of the White Burley districtis diversified, and much broken. Nearly everymember of the lower Silurian formation is exposed at one or more places in the district, giving considerable variation in the composition ofthe soil, but it is all made fertile by the presenceof carbonate and phosphate of lime. The soilsin every part of the district are very durable, andwhen apparently exhausted will, if abandoned fora time, be well supplied with fresh plant food,by the disintegration of the soft limestone andshaly beds that underlie them. On account ofthe unevenness of the surface, and also the cleancultural methods required in the production oftobacco, the land soon becomes unproductive.Contrary to the belief of many, the cause doesnot lie in the amount of fertilizing materials extracted from the soil by the crop, but in therapidity with which the soil is carried from thehillsides to the valleys by washing, if the landis left bare through the winter season. The remedy for this waste is rotation with grass, cloverand alfalfa, to bind the soil and keep up the organic matter. Tobacco land should be seededto rye or wheat for a winter cover crop as soonas the tobacco has been harvested.The greater number of Burley tobacco growersprefer freshly opened land where the originaltree growth was white oak, walnut or beech,upon a slope with southern or eastern exposure.Such lands produce tobacco of the finest quality.Tobacco that is thin, silky, elastic, lustrous andbright in color. However, old lands that havebeen kept in blue grass sod for several yearsproduce tobacco heavier in body, richer in gummy matter and much preferred for manufacturing plug.Although much depends upon the quality ofthe soil, and climatic conditions, it is also essential that careful and intelligent methods of production and subsequent handling of the crop beemployed to obtain the best results. In view ofthe rapidly increasing demand for quality tobacco of the Burley variety, and considering thehigh price it commands when placed on the market, it behooves the grower to put forth hisbest efforts to improve this crop.THE CULTIVATION OF BURLEYTOBACCOIn the preparation of tobacco lands, the breaking, or first plowing should be deep in order toloosen the subsoil and prepare it as a reservoirfor storing moisture to be drawn upon by thecrop during dry seasons. Just prior to transplanting, the surface soil should be put in a finelypulverized condition by discing and dragging.If the land is of such character that fertilizing isrequired, it is profitable to use a good grade ofcomplete ferrilizer, one running especially highin phosphoric acid and potash, and apply in quantities of from 200 to 400 pounds per acre. Tobacco being a crop that brings large returns peracre, any amount of fertilizer needed may beapplied profitably. The fertilizers give best results when applied broadcast and mixed thoroughly with the surface soil in preparing the topdressing for transplanting. It is a bad practiceto apply fertilizers for tobacco only in the hillsor rows. The roots will become clustered aboutthe fertilizer and when the supply of plant foodsuddenly becomes exhausted the root system ofthe plants have not sufficiently established themselves in the soil and hence the plant is stuntedfor a time in its development. In cultivating thecrop, only shallow cultivation is required, thoughit should be frequent in order to keep down othervegetation and conserve the moisture that is inthe soil.The principal insect pest to be dealt within the Burley section is the horn worm. Appli-2 -&.te u."hhETransplanting White Burley Tobacco at the KentuckyExperiment Station Farm, Lexington, Kentucky.cations of Paris green properly applied at therate of one-half to one pound per acre, at intervals of two weeks in ordinary seasons, willdestroy the majority of the worms without burning the tobacco.TOPPING TOBACCOWhen the seed buds appear in a majority of theplants the topping should be done. This operation requires much discrimination on the part ofthe grower. He must be able to judge the capabilities of each individual plant so that they willall produce leaves of equal body, ripen at thesame time, and cure uniformly. The higher aplant is topped, the slower it matures and viceversa. A few years back, it was the custom totop Burley at fourteen to sixteen leaves. Highertopping does not materially increase the yield,but produces thinner leaves and leaves that willcure brighter in color.In selecting seed for the following crop a goodnumber of choice plants should be temporarilyreserved from which further selection is made bydiscarding the most unsuitable plants until thedesired number remains. Just before the flowersbegin opening, a twelve pound paper bag shouldbe placed over the seed head to prevent crosspollenizing with other plants. Any flowers thatare open or any pods that have formed at thetime of the bagging should be plucked out, asthey have already had an opportunity to becomecrossed.HARVESTINGIt is quite essential that tobacco be allowedto ripen before it is harvested, in order that itwill cure well. The appearance of light tintedflecks upon the surface of the leaf, brittleness ofthe stems, and the bursting of the stalk as theknife passes through it, are all indications of ripeness. Care should be taken to prevent injury tothe leaves, such as bruising or allowing them tobecome sunburnt, for when a leaf is thus injured,it can never be properly cured. If the curingbarn is constructed with a good system of ventilation, it is not necessary to expose tobacco onthe stick in the field for several days after it hasbeen harvested in order to give it an opportunityto partially cure before it is put in the barn.CURINGCuring tobacco is simply forcing the leaves toundergo a process of gradual starvation underproper conditions. In order to control conditionsthe barn must be so constructed that the operator can control the ventilation. In building abarn for air curing tobacco the ventilators areby far the most important part of the construction to be considered. What is termed side ventilation is becoming quite popular in the Burleydistrict. The ventilators are arranged horizontally even with the butts of the tobacco on eachset of tiers, permitting the air to pass in at theventilators on one side of the barn directlythrough and out at the ventilators on the opposite side. The movement of the air is effective indriving a current through the barn and is morelikely to give good results than the old methodof admitting the air near the ground and depending upon a rise in temperature to carry thedraught out at openings near the top. However,some ventilation should be provided at the top ofthe barn, since the tobacco in that portion is littleaffected by the side draughts. Under favorableweather conditions when there are no high windsor rains, the ventilators may be kept open bothday and night. In extremely dry weather andwhen the crop contains a minimum amount ofsap, it is well to close the ventilators through themiddle of the day and leave them open the remainder of the time. On the other hand, if thetobacco contains a large amount of sap, and theweather is damp and foggy, the ventilators shouldbe opened through the middle of the day andclosed at night. They should also be kept closedduring windy weather, to prevent bruising thetobacco or too rapid drying. At all times the tobacco should feel wilted but not wet. Too rapiddrying stops the natural processes that are taking place during the cure. While drying tooslowly gives a darker cure, and the crop is veryi&.iVJTiwL' in " 'T" TEmv&&j&?&:z&'-- ,ittSSfr&ttBurley Tobacco Test Plots, at the Kentucky ExperimentStation Farm, Lexington, Kentucky.likely to be house-burnt from the presence ofexcessive moisture.For a more complete discussion on curing, seeU. S. Department of Agriculture, Farmer's Bulletin Nos. 343 and 523.i41am1lIIiITHE MONTHLY MAGAZINE11fff.r'jJEAN noticed the bitterness in Wood's voice,and her own tones grew more tender,when she asked, "but it was accidental, ofcourse, Wood?""Not accidental as far as the shooting was concerned. However, I did not know at the timeit was a woman I was shooting at. It hasalways been a very bitter subject to me, Jean,and one that I have always refused to discuss.Perhaps it is just as well, however, to tell youand your father of it, for you may at some timehear a garbled or an untrue account of it. Ihad been working at the Circle W. ranch forabout two years. As perhaps you know, ranchmen always refer to their ranch, not by theowner's name, bufc by his brand, and the brandof this ranch was a W. within a circle, and itwas owned by a native Kentuckian, named JohnWells. He had been unusually kind to me, probably because I was also a Kentuckian, and hewas the one who was responsible for my buyinga ranch at Wyoming, as he had become verymuch interested in the irrigation projects upthere. For some months previous to the shooting both our ranch and the surrounding rancheshad suffered quite considerable losses throughcattle rustlers. The ranch owners determinedto put a stop to the depredation, and had securedthe services of a couple of men, famous for thatkind of work. After some little investigationthey concluded they had located the rustlersin what was known as 'Big Canyon abouttwenty-five miles north of our ranch. A bandof cowboys consisting of some three or fourmen from each ranch was detailed to help them,and I was among the number. The countrywas very wild around Big Canyon, and in thecanyon itself were three or four little valleyswith plenty of grass and water, thus making itan ideal place for rustlers. The canyon wasabout twenty miles long, and the upper entranceled to a very mountainous country, through whichthey could easily make their escape, with theircattle."Several cross gullies intercepted the canyon,and I was detailed, with half a dozen men to guardthese cross gullies and the upper end of thecanyon. I stationed a man at each little gully,and reached the upper end of the canyon withtwo men, both splendid shots, late in the afternoon. We had been instructed to camp here allnight, as the attack at the lower end was to bemade in the morning. A little mountain streamalmost dry at that season of the year, ranthrough the canyon."The upper end of the canyon, where theBy A.Bart NortonPART III.stream entered, was probably only about onehundred and fifty feet wide, and the trail intoit was narrow, and about some twenty feetabove the rocky bed of the stream. We dismounted there and were getting ready for camp,when I heard Stone, one of the men with me,calling to me. He had run across freshly-madetracks leading into the canyon. We examinedthem carefully, and concluded that they werethose of two ponies, and they bore every evidence of not being more than an hour old. Iinstructed the two men to prepare for camp, anddetermined to reconnoiter the canyon a shortdistance, while it was still light, for we had cometo the conclusion that whoever it was that hadentered the canyon was probably part of therustler outfit, who had gotten wind of our movements and were endeavoring to warn their comrades. "About three-quarters of a mile from its entrance, the canyon on the side of the stream thatI was on, widened out into a little rock-strewnplain. From this little plain the sides of thecanyon sloped gradually up to the top, brokenby occasional little terraces which furnished excellent opportunities for ambuscades. With thisthought in view I followed the trail very cautiously across the plain. I had almost reachedthe other side when I heard someone say "Handsup," and looking up, saw on a terrace about onehundred and fifty feet from me the pleasantspectacle of a man aiming his gun directly atme. It instantly flashed across my mind, thatthis was a case of the captor captured, and I determined, that rather than suffer such humiliation, and perhaps upset all the carefully laidplans, to take a long chance. A few feet to theright of me was a large boulder, and drawing mygun quicker than I had ever drawn it before, Ithrew myself behind the rock, shooting as I wentdown. I heard a cry, and looking over the topof the boulder saw a man stagger and fall. Ashe fell he threw his gun forward, and it clattered down the slope. Knowing that he had atleast one companion I remained behind theboulder. Not far from where I was concealedthe canyon again narrowed from the edge of theplain, and I heard a noise from over at thatpoint where the trail entered it. A momentlater a man came rushing around the trail. Hisunceremonious entrance on the scene ratherstartled me, for it "seemed strange procedureon the part of a cattle rustler whose boundenduty it would have been, after having heard myshot to have remained in concealment or stalkedme from some higher point. "Hands up," Icommanded, and without any perceptible alteration in speed, he threw his hands up, butchanged his direction towards me."What's your hurry?" I asked him rather sarcast lly."Who was that shooting?" he answered excitedly. "I am the guilty party, my friend; you seesomeone who I imagine was probably your sidepartner made an effort to hold me up a few moments ago, and I indulged in a little rapid firetarget practice. I don't think he will hold anybody else up in a hurry." As I spoke I noticedhis face grow white as a sheet."For God's sake, man. Did you kill her?""Her? What do you mean? I believe I killedwhoever held me up. There he lies on the terrace over there.""God, man, that was my wife.""Your wife," I yelled, almost as excited ashe was."By this time he had reached my side, hishands still up. I grabbed his gun from his belt,for I feared it might be a possible ruse, andsaid, "let's get over there as quickly as we can,"and we scrambled with all possible speed up theslope.""Sure enough it was a woman as I saw assoon as I reached her, although she was dressedas a cowboy. Her hat had fallen off, and herface was covered with blood, one arm was bentunder her and apparently broken.""Her husband laid his head on her breast, thenjumping up he said, 'She's not dead, straightenout her arm and see if you can stop that flowof blood. I'll get some water and he dasheddown the slope.""I lifted her arm gently from underneath her,and found that it was broken, and wiping theblood from her face, saw that my shot had justcreased the top of her head. I took my whiskyflask and held it to her lips, and forced someof it down her throat. She was just recovering consciousness when her husband returnedwith his water flask.""How is she?" he asked."Not seriously hurt," I answered. Her arm isbroken probably by her fall. The bullet justcreased the scalp.""Thank God," he said, as he knelt down, andtook her head in his lap, while I bathed herwound."I tell you, Jean, the sight of that pretty littlegirl for she was only a girl lying there, stricken by my hand, almost unnerved me, toughenedas I was by my Western life. I thanked God12THE MONTHLY MAGAZINEthat my usual accurate aim had been at fault,and mentally registered a vow never to use mygun again, except in case of extreme necessity.I asked him how his horses were, and he saidthat they were pretty well worn out. I told himthat I had a couple of good horses at the endof the canyon, and that we would take her overto our ranch at once.""We bound her arm to her side, and carried hertowards the end of the canyon. On our wayup the narrow part of the canyon, we met Stone.He had heard my shot, and was on his way downto ascertain its cause. When we reached theend of the canyon I had all three of our poniessaddled, taking the spare one for a remount, andinstructed the boys to secure the two horses inthe canyon for their own use. I gave the husband my own pony, one of the best that any cowboy ever rode, and we started on our twenty-fivemile ride to the ranch, carrying her by turns.She seemed to be suffering considerably, but Iknew that old man Wells was a pretty fair doctor, and that she would be well taken care ofby him and his good wife. We reached therejn about five hours. Mr. Wells set her arm andsoon she was resting comfortably.""I was tired and slept at the ranch until twoo'clock, when I woke and rode back to thecanyon. We stayed at the end of the canyonuntil noon, when we concluded that either therustlers were not there or they had all beencaptured. Then we rode through the canyon,and about two miles from the lower entrancewere the evidences that a pretty lively scrap hadbeen going on. We followed the trail overto one of the ranches, where the entire outfitwere gathered. They had killed two of therustlers, capturing six of them, some of themwounded, and recovered quite a likely bunch ofcattle. When I reached our ranch I found thatthe injured woman was getting along very nicelyand the husband told me his story."His name was Jim Bennett. His familywere fairly well-to-do, and had given him aneducation as a mining engineer. He had goneout West looking for a job, but as positionswere scarce in his line at that time, he hadgone to work as a cowboy, with mining as aside issue. He would work for quite a whileuntil he had sufficient money saved up then hewould go out on a prospecting trip. On hislast trip he had run across what had lookedlike a fairly good claim. He located the claim,but as his possessions and money were aboutrun out he went back to work as a cowboy, onthe ranch where he had worked the previousyear. The owner of the ranch was a gruff oldWesterner, wtih a very pretty daughter, andshe and Jim had fallen in love with each other.When they told the father of the affair, andJim explained his circumstances, the old maninformed Jim in most emphatic terms that hewas too much of a wanderer to suit him, thathe wanted his daughter to marry somethingbesides health and good looks, and promptlyfired Jim. Jim went to work on a neighboringranch, and they managed to meet quite frequently unknown to the father, and finally arranged an elopement. Jim had told her abouthis mine, and that he thought they had betterwait until he got something out of it, but shewas bent on roughing it with him and helpinghim at the mine. So one day they rode awaytogether to the nearest county seat and weremarried. Father meanwhile had gotten windof it in some way and with a couple of hiscowboys rode into town after them. Jim andhis bride were eating their wedding suppertogether at the little hotel when someoneslipped in and told Jim that the old man wasthere vowing to kill him, so Jim and the girlhurriedly mounted their ponies, and leading another, loaded with their camp equipment thatJim had bought in town that afternoon, theyrode away before the old man knew wherethey were. That night they camped in a secluded spot and started out again early in themorning, watching for and fearing pursuit.They had reached the entrance to Big Canyonthat evening when the girl had supposed thatI was one of the pursuing party. They stayedout at our ranch several weeks until the girlhad entirely recovered, and I grew very fondof both, of them, and begged Jim to let mestake him to a complete camp equipment, ashis outfit was very meager. He agreed to dothis on shares. Just after they left Mr. Wellssold his ranch and moved to Wyoming, and Iwent over to work for the Bar J. I did nothear from Jim that winter, but the followingspring he wrote me stating that his originalclaim had not panned out at all, but he hadlocated a placer mine that was a "cracker jack"not very far from it, and urged me to comeup and help work it. This is how we made ourstrike at the mine, and Jim is my partner upin Wyoming and his wife keeps house for us.Her father has gotten over his little fit oftemper and spends a good deal of time up atour place. So you can see, Jean, that the storyof how near I came to killing one of the sweetest little women on earth is not a very pleasantone for me to tell.""I realize that, Wood, and I am sincerelysorry that my thoughtless request should havecaused you any sorrow. However, I am morethan glad that everything has turned out sowell. If you think it will be any recompenseto you for telling me the story, I will be gladto sing for you a while."On his way home that night Wood's memorylingered on the scene he had just left; the softglow of the candle light, the fair girl who sangin such sweet tones the Southern melodies heloved so well. How he had thrilled to thestrains of Dixie, just as his father and father'sgeneration had thrilled as they swung into battle line, glad to "live or die for Dixie," and herealized that no Southern soldier had everfought a harder battle than was before him infighting his love for Jean.very much. I have received five thousand dollars as my share in last year's profits.""Fine, Wood, you are quite a prosperousyoung man."The first year of Wood's stewardship grewto its close, and he submitted his report to theColonel. While the balance was still on thedebit side, the margin was very slight and theColonel's pleasure was unbounded. "This isfine, my boy. I knew that you were doingwell, but I did not look for anything as goodas this. Heretofore the property has been considerable of a drain on my purse, but it looksnow as though we might make it pay.""There is no question of that, Colonel; wemight have shown a profit this year had itnot been for a number of improvements wehave made that will make themselves felt infuture balance sheets.""I know it, Wood, and I want you to takehold permanently; I can afford to pay you agood salary and a percentage of profits," andhe named a sum that startled Wood."Colonel, that is too much.""My boy, my business training has taught methe wisdom of properly appraising a man'svalue. It is easily worth that much to knowthat I am relieved so ably of all the detailshere, and if there is a chance for profit youshare in it; besides, you have done splendidlywith my horses, three races won already andspring barely over, is a better showing than Ihave ever had. I know your Wyoming projectis doing well, and you are making a sacrificethere, too, that must be considered.""Oh, no, Colonel; Bennett writes me that heis getting along finely, although he misses meWood had given considerable attention toDixie's colt and he showed great promise. InJune he sent it on the Colonel's string of horsesand he won one race and finished second intwo more. When the horses came back in thesummer the Colonel waxed enthusiastic overhim. "Why, Wood, he is a better youngsterthan any of my string, and some of them areranked pretty high. I believe he would havea show in the Derby next spring."Major Shelby had improved very much inhealth and was able to get around on crutches.Every day the colt was led over to his house,and the old Major passed half an hour of intense enjoyment watching and caressing it.During these months Wood saw a great dealof Jean, for she was spending much more timeat home than she had previously done, andhardly a day passed but that she rode over toMajor Shelby's and spent an hour with him.Jean was a most discerning young lady, andshe saw Wood's rather heroic efforts to conceal his love for her. It was- a source of considerable enjoyment at times, and then it beganto vex her. Unconsciously he had taken justabout the right course to win her love, andshe wanted to hear him declare it. FinallyWood spoke to the Colonel."I have been wanting to talk to you forsome time, Colonel, in regard to Jean. I havegrown to love her very dearly, but ever sincethose disastrous college days I have tried torun square, and I feel that you should know it.""Wood, you are as close to me as my ownson, and I know of nothing in life that I woulddesire more than to take you to my heart asJean's husband, but you know I seldom interfere with her. I found out long ago that shealways had her own way, and in justice to herI must say that it has nearly always been theright way. I know that she is very fond ofyou, but dearly bought parental wisdom prevents me from knowing more.""Thank you, Colonel; your regard for me isan honor that I value very dearly."Winter grew on and Jean entertained a number of house parties. Wood was always urgedto attend any festivities given, but nearly always declined. He felt that his father requiredhis presence in the evenings, and most of hisdays were spent in hard work.Derby Day at Churchill Downs, that day ofdays, enshrined in the hearts of Kentuckians,the sun tempered by balmy spring breezesshone on a scene fair indeed; the beautiful racecourse; its oval of Blue Grass surrounded bythe track, gleaming in the sunlight; its flashingfences and stands filled with beautiful womenand well-dressed men, presented a splendidsight. Youth and beauty were there, eager,excited. Mature age was there, interested,waiting for that moment in the race when thethrill came. Old age was there calmly philosophical, yet hoping for the well-remembered excitement of the younger days. The band wasplaying the airs of the Southland; now andthen a thoroughbred flashed by on his warmingup gallop. In the grand stand a party of fourwatched the scene with great interest; Jeanand her father, Wood and the Major. Dixie'scolt had been entered, and hopes for his winning were high. The Major was still oncrutches, and as Wood and the Colonel as-sisted him through the throngs to his seat oldfriends greeted him warmly; it was indeed ahappy quartette. The Derby was announced,Continued on page 14.THE MONTHLY MAGAZINE13Silo Building in KentuckyContinued from page 7.y the animals take on weight, or inother words, regain the "sap" lost inthe fall previous. This has led to ageneral impression that animals donot graze well after being fed on ensilage. The fact is, when animals aretaken from grass in the fall and puton ensilage they retain their "sap"throughout the winter and cannot doso well for the first few weeks ongrass as when they are taken fromdry feed and put on grass. The feeder who takes his stock from greenpastures and puts it on ensilage hasnot permitted them to lose anything,nor can he make them gain any "sap"by taking them from ensilage andputting them on green pastures in thespring The feeder who carries hisstock on dry feed loses in the fall andquickly gains it back in the springwhen his animals are taken from dryfeed and put on pasture. Therefore,if animals are sold from a dry feedlot the weight of this "sap" is entirelylost while if sold while feeding on ensilage this value is held. Consideringall of these values of ensilage, theDepartment of Agriculture felt that itcould not do the farmers of Kentuckya greater service than to demonstrateto them the economical use of thesilo.After a careful study of the originalcost, the life and the keeping qualitiesof the silos built of various materials,the solid concrete or monolithic silowas deemed to be best adapted to theKentucky farm. Ensilage is just asgood kept in a wooden silo as in aconcrete silo; it makes no differencewhether it be kept above ground orbelow the ground just so it is kept.Any air-tight chamber will keep theensilage. A well constructed woodensilo can be used for keeping ensilagefor anywhere from ten to twelveyears, and the original cost is less thanany form of silo unless it be one madeby simply digging a hole in theground. However, about one woodensilo out of three blows down annually.The concrete silo will cost on an average a little more than the woodensilo. In some localities it will evencost less, and when rightly constructedpainted with a coal-tar paint on theinside, and with a cement wash on theoutside, it will keep ensilage to perfection, will not blow down and willprobably last for a century. As thecost of a cement silo is principallygoverned by the cost of material usedin its construction, where sand andgravel are convenient and can be obtained at a nominal cost, a cement silocan be built at an original cost thatwill not exceed that of a wooden silo.Where sand, gravel and cement mustbe transported long distances at aheavy freight rate, the cost of a concrete silo will be in excess of that ofa wooden one. The writer has neverseen a concrete silo that cracked orthat would not keep ensilage whenpainted as directed above. Statements to the contrary by agents ofcounty on the theory that the farmerscould learn from these three siloswhat the actual cost in their respectivecounties would be for a cement silo,its keeping qualities and its advantagesin various ways. Some twenty-eightsilos were thus constructed under thesupervision of the Department, and agreat impetus was given to silo building by this movement. Letters of inquiry came to this Department verydav and not one-tenth of the silosv tAEVxt jrf'i vie"CONCRETE SILOS, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE, FRANKFORT, KY.wooden silo manufactories are for aselfish purpose.Early in the Spring of 1912 the Department of Agriculture of Kentuckypurchased a dozen forms, some twelve,some fourteen, some sixteen and someeighteen feet in diameter, at a cost ofabout $75.00 each. Two men were putin the field, and the forms werefurnished free of cost to the farmer,he only paying the freight on theform, boarding the man representingthe Department, and furnishing thematerial and labor. The salary of therepresentative of the Department, histransportation and incidental expenseswere paid by the State. Not morethan three silos were built in any onecould be constructed for which .thepeople asked. Instead of the cementsilo injuring the sale of the woodensilos it caused the sale of more thanever before in the history of the State.Many farmers could not wait and feltthat the wooden silo would last during their lifetime or their ownershipof the land on which the silo waserected. Again in 1913, men wereplaced in the field and are yet out constructing cement silos. Reports to thisoffice by counties show that there areabout 1600 wooden silos, 300 cementsilos and 100 silos of miscellaneousnature now in the State of Kentucky.Counting ten acres of corn necessaryto fill each silo there are about 20,000acres of corn saved annually from theroot of the plant to the tassel. Wefeel that the era of silo building hasonly begun in Kentucky. The farmerwithout one will, in a few years, bethe exception instead of the rule.The one thing that the Departmenthas required of the farmer who hasbeen aided in building his silo, wasthat he keep an acurate account of theactual cost of construction. A fewillustrations of the cost of constructionare here given. It will be seen thatthere is quite a variation, much ofwhich is due, as stated above, to thefact that the transportation of materialgreatly affects the cost of the silo:No. 1 Silo 12 feet in diameter by24 feet high, total cost $139.24, ownedby V. D. Hammond, Franklin, Ky.No. 2 Silo 14 feet in diameter b30 feet high, total cost $350.00, ownedby J. B. McLellan, Bowling Green, Ky.No. 3 Silo 16 feet in diameter by36 feet high, complete with concreteroof, total cost $389.60, owned by JasT. Cannon, Boyd, Ky.No. 4 Silo 16 feet in diameter by45 feet high, total cost $600.00, ownedby F. M. Coughlin, Maysville, Ky.No. 5 Silo 18 feet in diameter by32 feet high, total cost $300.00, ownedby Field McLeod, Versailles, Ky.No. 6 Silo 18 feet in diameter by42j feet high, total cost $386.55,owned by R. B. Hutchcraft, Paris, Ky.The above instances are sufficient toshow the practicability of the concretesilo from an economical standpoint,and the fact that there has not beeni single instance reported to this Department of dissatisfaction, with thekeeping of the ensilage or anythingelse in conneetion with the silo, is sufficient evidence that the concrete silohas come to stay.Anyone with a vision can see anannual corn crop -on the level andbottom lands in Kentucky grown forthe silo; look again and Kentucky'sthousand hills are covered with cattlegrazing in the summer time and feasting off of ensilage during the wintermonths. When the average farmerrealize the profits in this kind ofanimal husbandry many thousands ofdollars will roll into Kentucky to addto her material resources. The railroad has done much for civilization;the silo will do more. It is hoped thatKentucky will not let her sister statesoutstrip her in building permanentmonuments of intelligent farming.14THE MONTHLY MAGAZINEThe Son of DixieContinued from page 12.and Wood, who had gone to the paddock, returned to the stand and reported that the horse was in splendidshape. There were six entries, and asthe 'horses galloped past the stand,each met with rounds of applause. TheMajor's eyes filled with tears as onceagain he saw his old colors, red andgray, as his colt galloped by. Theywere at the post, plunging and leapingas the riders jockeyed for start andposition. The starter's flag flasheddown, the barriers rose, they were off;as they flashed by the stands thefavorite led by a length, the "Son ofDixie" third, held well in hand; withflashing eyes and gleaming bodies theyflew on to the half, on with speedever increasing, the crimson and goldof the favorite still leading. The pacebegan to tell; the distance too greatfor one or two they dropped back intothe stretch, and four ran almostabreast. "Ride, you boys, ride, foreach horse carries high hopes;" theaudience rose, crimson and gold, and (red and gray led slightly. "Ride, you 1boy, ride ; come on, you Dixie colt"past the judges and the rebel yell jtold the story, and the band broke intothe strains of Dixie. Forgot for a 'moment were disappointments, the an- 'guish of defeated hopes, only thosedear old thrilling strains of Dixie,sending the blood bounding and beat-ing from every heart as the audience 1burst into tumultuous applause. TheColonel threw his arms around theMajor, and the two old hearts beatalmost together in their joy. Jeanlooked up at Wood ana there wassomething deeper than fondness in hereyes as she said, "Oh, Wood ! this is ,glorious," and she took his hands inboth of hers. How that touch thrilledWood. The Major grasped Wood'sother hand. "My dear, dear boy, youhrve given me this happy moment, you ,and the dear old Colonel, and oursweet Jean. Jean," he said, "I can atleast repay you in part, for Dixie's sonis my wedding present to you.""Thank you, Major dear; it is possible that we might keep it in the family." Again she looked up at Wood,gray eyes, filled with long repressedlove, looked into the brown, and ineach lay the glory of a story so dearto the other.DON'T YOU OFTEN NEEDA LIGHT IN A HURRY?Not a Luxury, but an AbsoluteNecessity, Especially inRural Homes IIElectric ps the, buttn-!-., 1 i 1 . Absolutely sale..Flashlights A dazzling light1immediately. Complete with best'grade battery and long life tungsten 'battery, $0.50 to $2.40. Send foricomplete circular.The Johnson ElectricSupply Company232-234 E. Fifth St., CINCINNATI, 0.Let us quote you prices on Electric Fansand everything in the Electrical LineSMiSIAPQ(gYLPLAYING CARDSGOLD EDGESFor Social PlayDainty, beautiful artbacks in full color. Manynew desiens now ready.Sco them at your dealer's.Air-Cushion Finish IndexesIK U lit ' 1 w I SKI SEsuum f Ni4VdJTPLAYING CARDSCLUB INDEXESFor General PlayMillions of Players in allparts of tho world useBicycle Cards because oftheir matchless qualities.Per Pack ivory or Air-Uuahion rinishX X X X X X XQymaae me covkrI xjjx design jt to fra-'fion? anflcirfs inK x K fInsTagaj?ine.Jten you wanfprin--finkplates ofairy Aindcau, srtfe or wire.EicKrLer &Ba.n.lcSuccessorso Brandon tVfodlandfor a elassy ob.X J811 816 LYRIC BUILDINGC 1 N C 1 NN AT 1,0.KMxWE CAN MAKE THAT OLD HAT LOOK MIGHTY GOODHATSSOFTSTIFFSILKCLEANED, DYEDBLOCKEDRETREMMED9th Ave. and Vine St.Panamas and Straw Hats Bleachedand BlockedANY STYLE ANY SIZESend Your Hat to Us or Write Us About itJOHNT.MORANDCO.CINCINNATI, OPHONE CANAL 388AMPHIONGLEE CLUBAn organization of exceptional talent, witha personnel of individual excellence.Has "made good" where thestrongest demands haveprevailed.Available for concert and entertainmentwork, lodge and social functions,church entertainments,societies, banquets, etc.ADDRESSMR. S. W. COFFMANCare of Chamber of Commerce CINCINNATI, OHIOISrf . J""""7 B1 - CHRISTIAN MARTYRS GIVEN TO THE LIONS . . ZL.L .. V HCHRISTIANITY is the greatest fact in history. The early Christians endured martyrdom rather than forsake Principle. Thepicture shown herewith, from Ridpath's History, depicts 87,000 people assembled in the Coliseum at Rome to witness theChristians given to the lions. In such a scene may be read the inevitable doom of the Empire that ruled the world. The blood of the Martyrs Is the seed from whichChristian civilization sprang. If you would know the history of mankind every sacrifice for principle, every struggle for liberty, every conflict and every achievement, from thedawn of civilization down to the present time then embrace this splendid opportunity to place in your homeRidpath's History of the WorldDr. John Clark Ridpath is universally recognized as America's greatest historian. The English speaking world has endorsed this workas the only History of the World worth having. We have shipped this splendid set of books to delighted readers living in every State in the Union, and everypurchaser is more than satisfied. We have only a few sets remaining, brand new, beautifully bound in half morocco, which we offer at a very low price and on easy terms.Never Again Such a Book Bargain as This!We will name our price and easy terms only in direct letters to those sending the coupon below. Tear off the coupon, write name and address plainlyand mail now before you forget it. Dr. Ridpath is dead, his work is done, but his family derive their income from his History and to printour price broadcast for the sake of more quickly selling these sets would cause great injury to future sales No agent will call. Sample pages free.President McKinleysaid: "I am familiar with the merits ofRidpath's History of the World, and cordially commend it to the scholar as wellas to the plain people generally."William J. Bryanaid: "Dr. Ridpath's History of the Worldis a lasting monument to the author'sIntelligence and industry. It is thoroughand comprehensive, and will be a permanent help to an increasing number as areference library."President WarrenBoston University, said: "I should betlad to see It placed in the library of everyyoung person in the United States, andeven In the English speaking world. Infamilies where there are bright children itwill render excellent service to the cause ofpopular intelligence."Bishop Vincentsaid: "Ridpath's History is in clear andagreeable style, comprehensive in treatment, readable type and admirable illustrations. This set of books is a permanentcollege chair of general history in one'sewn house."BsssftmssBSBsEnMisBIS Mi "Nine 4fBeautifulRoyalOctavoVolumes4,000 double column ?agw2,000 superb illustrationRIDPATH'S enviable position as an historian is due to hiswonderfully beautiful style, a style no other historian has ever equalled.He pictures the great historical events as though they were happening beforeyour eyes; he carries you with him to see the battles of old; to meet kingsend queens and warriors; to sit in the Roman Senate; to march against Saladinand his dark-skinned followers; to sail the Southern Seas with Drake; to circumnavigate the elobe with Magellan; to watch the Greek spearmen workhavoc with the Persian hordes on the field of Marathon. He combines absorbing interest with supreme reliability.RIDPATH in your home means you need never spend a lonelyevening. You can associate with the world's heroes; you can cross the Rubicon with Cesar, after which Rome was free no more. You can sit at the feet ofSocrats, the loftiest genius of the ancient world. It is ennobling to communewith these children of destiny. To be associated with great men and events isto be great one's self, and you will add to your store of knowledge, which ispower, and to the richness of your life.RIDPATH takes you back to the dawn of history, long beforethe pyramids of Egypt were built; down through the romantic, troubled timesof Chaldeas grandeur and Assyria's magnificence; of Babylonia's wealth andluxury of Grecian and Roman splendor; of Mohammedan culture and reflnesaeot; ef French elegance and British power; of American patriotism andreligious freedom, to the dawn of yesterday. He covers every race, every nation,every tfsie, and holds you spellbound by his wonderful eloquence. NothlnrInteresting, aDSoromg ana inspiring wa over nuucn uj uiau.D IDPATH throwB the mantle of personality over the old herocof kistory. Alexander is there; patriot, warrior, atateiman, aipioma.crowning the glory of Grecian history. Aerxes, from nil mountain piav-form. sees Themis toclee, with three nunarea ana nny vro.smash his Persian fleet of over a thousand sail, ana neip to mouithe language in which this paragraph is written. Rome percnesNero upon the greatest throne on earth, and so seta up a poormadman's name to stand lor countless centuries as tne synonym or savage cruelty; xsapoieon ngnts wsienao aains- wunder rour very eres. and reels before the iron fact that .tIkat last the end of his glided dream has come. .tsismarcKis there, gruff, overbearing, a giant pugilist indiDlomatic rinr. laughing with grim disdaintrance, wnicn says "iou snail not. w aaningcons-via there, "four-sauare to all the winds." grave "V-oJthoughtful, proof against the wiles or aritisnstrategy and the poisoned aarts or raisfriends; clear-seeing over the headshis fellow-countrymen, and on intoother century, the most colosslvnrm.fiiimi ff nm TimkKFREECOUPONSend CouponTodayrwVIKY". IArxn- Jrr j ..r .-y -f-.2eFJrL. JT."6vJsFVxV.,an-s rrAjr,-v- sdrjrrNAMEWESTERNNEWSPAPERASSOCIATIONH. E. SEVER, President140 So. Dearborn St., ChicagoPlease mail without cost to no. our 46 pacesample booklet of Ridpath's History of the World.containing photogravures of Nanoleon and OueenEhzubeth, engravings of Socrates. Caesar and Shakespeare, map of China and Japan, diacram of Panama Canal.and write me full particulars of our special offer to AssociatedPublisher's Magazine readers.ADDRESS:fcs"The splendid power to charm, to please,To add to happiness, to joy and ease,Dwells within the walls of these."f 'rt5i!fr. e-&1 5F3SS.ft-tiV,f '.;XIThe Otto Grau PianoCompany222-224 West Fourth StreetCINCINNATI, OHIO, MekoBa,Represent exclusively the following famous makes ofPianos and Player-Pianos:mry mmd So Go LiimdemaniipJo sumd Co FkdhweiTo Pack&ircLfekmfe Company, JHL Pcrair amid Compsumy, Walwoirtihi, Wafer,Gairlhiairdj, Mayimsurdlj, Maurfflbom wMa mraamij tihieirsAnd Our OwnGrau Pianos Player-PianosPronounced by experts as possessing the highestdegree of artistic meritSatisfactory arrangements can be made on theTerm Payment PlanA Complete New Line of Victrolasand Victor RecordsHas Just Been InstalledAbsolutely New Music for your Player-Piano at the following prices:$1.75 Rolls at1.50 Rolls at -1.25Rolls at1.00 Rolls at -.75Rolls at.50 Rolls at -90c- 88c79c- 63c44c- 33cVictrola Prices from $15 to $200 Immediate Attention Given to MailSold on the Grau Convenient Payment PlanOrdersIt would be a pleasure to show you any of our fine lines or to answer any inquiries by mail&