E J- TL",NEWS.AL.t - ., -rT J EV Jk,Jt . '?' "V , V 4T-u -,fFStfk, - TfcffPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDJlYJLNI jFXIDAY IN THE YEAR-Vk - -- j.ypc"-VOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY; FRIDAY, OCT 24, 1 9 13.CHAIRMAN McCLINTOCK ANNOUNCES CAMPAIGN COMMITTEEim.mmiv$r :v - . .'.r 'I I ' ;r-M ' BaBflMBHah . . jT..jiV Mo-5rtr:.yM;.jBWithDetAch&bleHsncllesNOW ON DISPLAY Z' IN OUR WINDOW.-Let Us Demonstrat Their?-vMV-Superiority.VI Lancaster Pride. IP - V J'ft . - 1 - - 1The Best Flour For Less Money.Try a Sack and if Not Satisfactory weA5 1 1 f?-F nrf-VV frTCI rfc VV?vKaVe'tSlGuarantee Every Sack.25 lbs. Lancaster Pride Flour . $ .SO50 lbs. Lancaster Pride Flour 1 .0j 100 lbs. Lancaster Pride Flour 3. 1 O3dcThe best Northern Potatoes, per pk. . U(These" are fancy white stock).35c'i3c-Sweet Potatoes, per pk ; :Cabbage, nice solid heads, per lb -. .Dried Sliced Beef in glass jars - 20c(Regular 25c value)Stone's Wrapped Cakes Received Fresh Everv Day.BithThones'234 ' "'.T. C LENIHAN.Cash Grocery.That the Democratic candidates inthe county election have behind themsome of the most ardent workers inthe county isshown by the list givenout by Chairman William G. McClintock. Mr. McClintock has summonedto the aid of the Democratic candidatesperhaps the most ardent partymen, who will from now untjl thepolls close on election day be activein their efforts in behalf of the Democratic nominees. They are 'as follows:Paris A. S. Thompson, J. T. Hin- vton, E. T. Hinton, Pearce Paton, G. J5TW. Judy, Reuben Hutchcraft. tWMillersburg Wm. D. Mclntyre, . ULittle Rock P. L. McClure, R. P.Hopk'ins, R. H. Burris.North Middletown H. S. Caywood,Robt. Gilkey.Clintoaville Ray Cunningham; B.S. Parrish.Ruddles Mills Thomas' W. Current,George Current, Charles Wilson,invitation is extended to the Demoday evening, Oct. 30. A cordial invi-Hutdhison John. .Wiggins, Robt.Meteer. 4Centerville John Shrop shire, Jo--sephLeach, D. C. Lisle, H. C. Clifford,John Blake.Ruddles Mills Thos. W . Current,George Cprrent, Charles Wilson.Chairman McClintock has announced that there will be a public speaking at the Centerville school, houseSaturday night, Nov. 1, in the interestof the Democratic party. The speakers will be Hon. J. Campbell Cantrill,of Georgetown, Judge Denis Dundonand Mr. Charles A. McMillan, the latter the Democratic candidate forCounty Judge of Bourbon. A cordialinvitation os extended to the Democrats of the county to attend thismeeting, which promises to -be themost interesting of the campaign.Squire John. N. Shropshire, who isa candidate for re-election as Magistrate from the Centerville precinct,i'asr opposition. During his term ofoffice he has made an excellent official, and as a member of the FiscalCourt, has taken a great interest inthe county's affairs."WE KNOW HOW"y.The Time to ThinkAbout Your FallClothes is HereiJTTAND when you begin tostudy as to where youare going to buy that Suitor Overcoat, remember thatr Mitchell & Blakemore's storev.is the place to come first."Our line of Stein Bloch and'Hersh-Wickwire's Suits andOvercoats arc surpassed bynone. In this store you willfind Clothes that are tailoredright, have that artistic touch in the designing lhat otherReady-to-Wear Suits have not. All the new shades andweaves. The two-tone Basket weave, Keltic cloth inGreys, Brown and the neat hair line stripes can be foundhere, in styles .to please the young man, as well as Jheconservative buyer of Clothes. ,,Mk.4mlfife4f,&r-Cbpyru&t. 191J.PAIR OF SHOES LEADS TOARREST OF- SUSPECT.A pair of shoes which were identified as being those stolen from thegeneral store of Mr. Cv N. Martin atStony Point, several nights ago, ledto the arrest of George Wilson, colored, wlio was lodged in jail Tuesdayby Patrolman Fred Link, on thecharge of being implicated in the robbery. The arrest of Wilson was made following the information obtained byoincer id meneciruiata orange negro had made several attempts to dispdse of articles of goods in the negrosuburb of Claysville, which talliedwith those taken from the s,tore ofMr. Martin. A description of the negro was secured, and when taken intocustody he was wearing a pair ofheavy shoes of the brand sold by Mr.Martin, who came to Pans Tuesdaymorning and identified them as beingthe same that had been taken 'fromhis store. ,The negro protesed his innocenceand said he had purchased the shoesfrom a mrchant in Paris. The mer-"cti&nt when jfeei denied handlingUNDERWEAR WEATHER.V.IJUnion suits that fit. Separate garments ifivwool and cotton. 50c. to$3.50. V," t -jf w. DAVIS- CO.SPECIAL REGISTRATIONTHREE DAYS NEXT WEEK.Sy, Stetson Velour Hati , the best hats in the world onsale now.tiMitcheM & Blakemore,Outfitters to Men ' Paris. KentuckyffIII! !1 - ' -'-aftifi&mNmmmxmmmwHiaBi 1 1 u 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 riiiiHiiJxri in 1 1 1 1 1 i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i i n 1 1 in i n i niiiniiJin!ii;;iHi!!iinmiiiJMiiiHnimiiiiiiii!iiiMni. fcfS15Z2nFRANK & COThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.VThese Chilly Mornings ICall For Coat SweatersWe Have a Gjjeat Line to Select From.Wiki3rmmmUnder the Kentucky Statutes Tuesday after the first Monday in November is election' day. The polls ,-openat 6 a. m., and close at 4 p. m. Theelection this year is on the 4th day ofNovember.'The special registration days areMonday, Tuesday and Wednesday ofthe week preceding the election,which this year will be October 27,28 and 29.Following is the law governing thespecial registration :"Any person entitled to registerwho was necessarily absent from thecity of his residence during the dayallowed for registration there or whowas ill during said time, or who wasj unable to attend the place of registration on account of sickness of somenamed member of his family, may, byj attending the ''County Clerk's officeana maKing amaavit ot tne iact navehis name placed on the 'registrationbooks.".J6'3AnnounceNbw Ready For Your InspectionNew Fall " and Winter Styles , .InArLadies', Misses' and Junior'sSuits, Cloaks, DressesyMMEKMen's at $1.00, $1.50, $3.00, $3.50, $5.00,$7.00, $8.00Boys' All-Wool' at,' $1.00, $1.50, $2.00;Nice ones at50c.Boys'and Men's JerseySweaters, $1w&Boys' and Men's JerseyJSweaters$1.50,$2.50PK16& & 60. ciotmersCHINCHILLA ULSTERS.Are popular this weather. Oursare tailored right. $22.50 to $35.J. W. DAVIS & CO.FUGITIVE FROM JUSTICEVCAPTURED IN THIS CITY.rxv,ASilk arid Evening DressesEvening Wraps and CoatsSilkand Crepe Kimonas fS, and Furnishers ' " y WBk- . s. .Frank Williams, colored, a fugitivefrom justice, was arrested in this cityby Patrolman Fred Link. Williamswas wanted in Carlisle, and was taken to that uity Wednesday morning bydeputy jailer Broderick. Williamsescaped from the Carlisle jail about aweek ago after tunneling through abrick wall and dropping fifteen ortwenty feet to the ground. A liberalreward was offered for the capture ofthe negro, who was being held on aserious charge. Upon a descriptionfurnished by the Nicholas authoritiesto Patrolman Link the capture of thenegro was effected at the Louisville& Nashville passenger stationyn thiscity, where the fugitive was in the" actof boarding a train en route to Cincinnati.- He 'admitted to A tlre arrestingofficer that the f te vmanfif want1 - -a? ,Separate Skirts in Variety of Stylesx -1-Millinery at Popular PricesCome in and Look Around1 1 FR AfiK 16c Cni iiatctv i n vItl lifvfnf 1-1 W4 1officer that lie wu tevmanfirTrantiljfc .MMK-HM-IBi-KflKflBiliMiWH-M-M--M-M-Cwle,the officials at W W V -Hlll-3-HHIi-HHH--HH--H:tifksd of his' capture. '. J wwwiphipbbmw9 BrIf - WKfmHwmmmmmmmmmmm .BtrI'virHBf -"Jj- yTi; 'sssawr.tTHE BOURBON NEWSi PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCTOBBER24, I9L3,- - j-r '.; ,It.'i if- -j ""I;sV v-?;1v-- ifyTD. D. D. Opens New Erain Cure of Skin DiseaseProfessor Budlong's case of eczemajwr&s known to almost every hospitaland physician of reputation throughoutfthe state of Connecticut. His letter isanother interesting demonstration ofTwhat is being accomplished by thefamous specific D. D. D., Prescription."'It may be of interest to you to knowhat your life-giving preparation, I).3. Tf. Prescription has been of incajulable value to me. I was covered .-with eczema from head to foot when2 began using your remedies. I could'set no relief, although I tried a thousand means. I applied but two bottles of the Prescription; a cure waseffected in & very, short time, in lessthan one month." Prof. C. JV Budlong.South Lyme, Conn.Ask any druggist today for p I. D.Prescription. He'll tell you it allaysthe Itch iwrtantly and eooa there arasfgns of cure."We have handled the remedy tot,years and regard it as the specific forskin troubles of all kinds. Come in or?ask us about T. D. IX Prescription,also about D. r. D& soap especially;for tender skins."We offer the first full size bottleon the guarantee that unless it stopsthe itch at once, it costs you not acent.The Bourbon NewsEstablished -188132 Years ftinouous Publication.Con;SWIFT CHAMP, Editor "and Owner.Of the 838,172 alien immigrants en-itering the United States the last fia-.cal year 678,480 were between 14 and,44 years of age, 113,700 -were lessthan, 14 and 45,992 more than 44.The United States last year imported 153,000,000 pounds of cocoa, thegreatest amount on record.Entered at the Paris Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.) ""cANNOUNCEMENT !Che Paris Rome telephone and CeKgraph Co.A Kentucky corporation, has purchased' the property and plant ofthe Bourbon County Home Telephone Companyrand will continuethe business as an Independent Telephone Company, connectingwith Independent Toll Lines and over 100,000 Home TelephoneSubscribers in Kentucky. , ,The business of the Company will be under the direct supervision of J. J. Veatch, District Manager. New cable is being installed, 'open wire removed, and modern, up-to?date, central energy service will be provided for our subscribers.Call contract department and order your telephone now.(Incorporated)Published Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year $2.00-rSix Months. $1.00Payahle in Advance.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per inch'ieach subsequent mstertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents-per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents, per lineSpecial rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication. "Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.Ten thousand new coke ovens areto be built in Connellsville, Pa., at acost of $20,000,000. ,Professional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS', KENTUCKY.Office 614 Main Street.Office Phones joy .Residence LDR. A. H KELL.ER,Practicing Physician,WOODEN SHOESMade in United States And Are WornBy Many.GO SOUTH THIS WINTERGo where fair skies, ideal weather, and outdoor enjoyment 'dispel allthought of winter's discomfort.WINTER TOURIST FARESNOW AVAILABLE VIATO ALL RESORTS OF THE SOUTHINCLUDING FLORIDA, NEW ORLEANS, PANAMA AND- ."LAND OF THE SKY."TICKETSON SALE DAILY. LONG RETURN LIMIT.ATTRACTIVE STOP-OVER PRIVILEGES. NEQUIPMENT, SERVICE AND SCENERY UNSURPASSED.For details consult any Ticket Agent or writeH. C. KING; Passenger and Ticket Agent 10 1 East Main St., Lexington, Ky.wmmmmmmmammmmmmmMmmmmaimmmmmmaamaWVTelephone No. 4.Bourbon LaundryD WIS & FUNK, Props:West 5 Street'We Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo- fine work and itdever goes beck on its reputation. If you are particularabout h'ow your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want, as "we like toappreciateeBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.:"g'fcgfg:gg.The Best in the WorldTheTheHiggin Ail-MetalScreens,Higgin All-Metal. Weather Strip.Distributors of the Walger NewcTHbdel AwningThe Best Awning Ever Put UpSuitable For Residences, Office and Hotel Buildings,School Houses, Etc.Some of Our Customers in Paris MassieHospital, A.J. Winters, Geo,. Alexander, N. F. Brent, J. W. Davis,Deposit Bank, T. H. Clay, Mitchell & Blakemore and dozens of others.Our Sales-Agents will gladly furnish an estimate foryou. Get the Higgin service and be satisfied.Screens bought now for future delivery arelmade at. 2cents per square foot cherjter. 'T. A. Hendricks,-Sales AgentJPhone 25S5 - Lexington, Ky.In this country beech is the favoritematerial for wooden shoes, the manufacture of which has reached considerable proportions in the UnitedStates, according to the departmentof agriculture, which has just issueda bulletin on trie use or the wood.These shoes, the department says,costs from 60 to, 75 cents a pair andaregood for two years. They areworn by those who have to work incold or wet places, such as tanneries,breweries and livery stables, and byworkmen in steel imills and glass factories who -must walk on hot gratesor floors. Farmers, too, are classedamong the users."Beech wood is "put to a very muchwider range of uses than the average person would be likely to suspect. The department says beechenters into hundreds of articles fromhobby-horse rockers to butchers'blocks. We walk on beech floors, eatoff beech picnic plates, carry beechbaskets, play with beech toys, sit onbeech chairs, and in dozens of otherways' use articles made of beech almost every day of our lives. Itsfreedom from taste fits the wood especially for articles which come incontact with foodstuffs, and beechmeat boards, skewersj lard tubs, butter boxes, sugar hogsheads, refrigerators, dishes, spoons and scoopsN arewidely used.Only one species of beech growsnaturally in the United States, butfew trees "in this country have a widercommercial range. It extends fromthe Gulf of" Mexico into Eastern Canada, and in practically every placewhere it is cut for market. The totalyearly output of beech wood hi theUnited States is approximately 500mijliojj board feet.Offices, Booms 4Paris -and 5, Elk's Bid gKentucky"All is Well ami Ends WdrAlong -with dyspepsia comes nervousness, slceples3ne3g and eeneral ill health, Why ? Because a disordered stomach does not permitthe food to be assimilated and carried to the blood. On the otherhandtho blood is charged with poisons which come from this disordereddigestion. In turn, the nerves are not fed on good, red blood and wesee those symptoms of nervous breakdown. It is not head work thatdoes it, but poor stomach work. With poor thin blood the body is notprotected against the attack of gecnu or grip bronchitis consumption. Foi tify the body now withDZS, PEH3C2r& "J-i.:..ricGolden Medical IKscoveryan alterative extract from native medicinal plants, prescribed in both liquidand tablet form by Dr. E. V. Pierce, over 40 y taia ao.More th3n 40 years of experiepco h-vi pmven its superior worth as an invifforatinj? biomacn tonic and bloodpan icr. t invigorates and regulatesthe stomach, liver and bowels, and through them the whole rystexn. It cannow as oe naa in sugar-coated tatnet form of roost taiei in medidne.If not. send 50 cents in one-cent stamps for Ir:-! Laz to DHotel and Surgical Institute, Buffalo, N.Y.Tj "iuxo's Invalids'The Common Seiaso Medical AdviserIS A BOOK OF 1008 PAGES HANDSOMELY EOTJID UM CTJOTXTTWT'Art,,PITYS30LOGY-. HYGIENS. ANATOMY!. iaEI5ICiTVI2 AND is a nrnuFSTtSHOME PHYSICIAN. Seed 31 one-cent stamps to R. V. Pierce. Buffalo tj V. . , . ' -mmKmm ImtmirTir imuihi r iihiictmiir'- 1rrMrTTNtxgiMgJ J. WIIjLiIAMS,ATTOBNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Building.MODESTY AND COMFORT.Will Be Recognized .in .the LatestFashions for Men and Women.Here is a, message of cheer for themen and women who follow, but neverthless are "agin" the naughty slinging modes .of present fashions.Models at two style shows displayedskirts that wil not show knees when.stairs are mounted, and sack suitsthat do not have to be put on with asiaje horn.The designers gave out the gladsomesome news that comfortableclothes, likewise modest ones, aresurely coming back in fashion's favor. vFreaks were also, shown therewere many of them and . a tangodancing suit and gorgeous motor coatin the men's section vied for commentwith M. Poiret's "lampshade" or thebutterfly gowns, in the woman's exhibit. 7 Concerning men's styles Frank T.Brown, Vice President of the tailors'organization, of Chicago, said:',"We are going to ease up a bit onthese tight narrow modes. The extreme, for the present, will be thetight poat and tight trousers, but thedays of that style are numbered."Fancy - waist" coats, out for fiveyears, are coming back, and they willbe cut lower to make room for thenew large ties. Stripes are dying andhighly colored rough goods, in greenmixtures, checks and plaids, arearriving. Evening clothes must now bein colors, chiefly grays and darkgreens."Here Is the HogLexington, Ky. ,BOURBON REMEDY CO.,Enclosed find photo of hog that wascured of cholera with your BourbonHog Cholera Remedy. This hog wasalmost dead before using the medicine.and then was entirely cored, exceptloss ,of ears, tail, etc. The hog isowned by Mr. Skiles Ewmgfof Bawling Green, Ky; He will be glad tofive you a testimonial, and wexcan getveral more if you want them.jJENKINS-SUBLETT DRUG CO.,. Bowling Green,JKy.Ask Your Druggist for Itr Nm FOR SALE )3Y W..T. MOOK.COLUMBIAPHONOGRAPHSAnd Full Line ofChoice Records$15 to $500See Display.Hot Facts About Fuel!If you "have been a housekeeper any lengthof time you have probably tried different kindsxof COAL. And after all kinds of experiences and complaints you know there is justone kind of FUEL that gives absolute satis-faction always, that is Fox Ridgetoai. Kemember you cannot orderearly to avoid the high priees.Dodson & DentonThe Home of Good Coallards, .South Mam St. Both Phnn 14AfcSB 'tooIL' vsssQStfXmjmmW.NATIONAL5c and ,10cStore "'IOct 3 tfVogueClothesFORi: Young Gentlemen 5S2 A Special Feature with us.; ::8Suits andOvercoats$13.00 to$20.00SiKing. Quality Shoes- Men and BoysForiHiggins 8 Flannagan ?r i t i iisuyie puiiumgX Oct 3 tf 2mifa-?syIS" I 11N-JfcMRKW illW lYthe Lamp Oil thatSaves jEvesNothing is more important in thehome than clear, steady light. Insuretms by- getting the oil that burnsclear ana rlwin wifrhrm a fl;.i-ndown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Costs no more than the inferioiWEEE?011 lls-saves MONEY savesWORK saves eyes.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Chas. C. Stoll Oi! Co.Lexington, Ky- vF Refinery at Warren, Pa.I We sell the celebrated "No Carb"i Auto Oil..k NEW TELEPHONE .DIRECTORY.Manager H. H. JFIoyd, of the Paris Exchange of the CumberLerland Telephone & Telegraph Company, announces thattelephone directory will soon be issued.The new .list will be corrected up to November lt and hstates that all .those who wish to make chMiTthdrlii6or to have their names placed in the new d&ctorySuWlSSimuiaicate with him at once. LumThose who are contemplating installing telephones in theirhomes or officesIshouM act, promptly in order that their naWsmay appear properly in the new directory. " ames'vManager Floyd spates that there will be a number nf'nonames added to the list and that the gwctffteS Sis a strong indication, of the progress of Paris. s mJa fCumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated..Twin 1Ladies, Take a Look!ATTwin Bros. Department StoteNew Arrival ofvZwiy&imi& Stylish Tall Suits, Coats, SkirtsP-Iaists, Millinery, Shoes, JEtcj14Handsome Drjgopds and Fall Drjg bids;and Silks.----s?'Hzwm storeCorner Seventh and Main Sts.Instead of Wood Shingles orSlate'Aw" -v?' rw7 ' v "' -" !a Zllf 'TIit'itm sCr3 iMICORTRIGHTMetal ShinglesThe roofing that lasts as long asthe building and never needsrepairs. .They won't burn. nrarV rl r rntw. -:.:. ii-i ' . ' y w t. mtc wooa sningies, nor have they thebesides they are inexpensive and look better than ekher.For Sale, hij- i jfciii-hs7k- &mtp.-1H."jiky-jr. r3STfeaffiMiiiMMMMiiMMIBest StHawkiT's, IVfillersburs, Ky.SstCv,-"5. ""--V5sr.A&3'SE&i1HL BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KEN' CKY, OCTOBBER 24, 1913jJfftrtfmss:- s.ftSUITS $l6, $13.50 AND $i6.50' $A Happy ManIs he who is master of his finances whosecheck is always paid when presented andfeels confident that he is putting his moneyto the best use when he is spending it. Suchare the customers of UNITED CLOTHINGSTORES, whereCURLEE CLOTHESARE SOLD FOR$10.00, $13.50 AND $16 50Such as are sold by' other stores at $15.00,$20.00 and $25.00.0qin0zoinenr0inJ!Z1We make Curlee Clothes,others pay the middleman's profit. That's why.United Clothing StoresIncorporated' Men's ThingsOpposite Simon Dept. Store 'I2 $ I Overcoats $10,TO FILL PURCHASERS1If you are looking for a good " "-Suit or Overcoat' x n'-at reasonable prices for Fall and Winter, here isthe placeto get one.We made a lucky purchase of Men's Suits and Overcoats that would retail at $15, $18 and $20, but we areoffering them as a special inducement forS12We also have a full line of Schloss Bros guaranteed,hand-tailored Suits for $15 to $25. Emerson Shoes at $4and $5, also Stetson and Hawes Von Gal Hats.Other lines of merchandise can be had at a price "thatwill please your pocket-book.TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L WoIIstcin, Proprietor.Pans Odorksstet us Make that Last Winter's, Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.I m 1 1 Y s-- - - -J ?-. . uxuu win ub auipnbeu wiien we sena your ciotnes -nome,.and will wonder why you have not tried us' before.AH Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and StrawHats Cleaned andReblockecLto your satisfaction.We Call For arid Deliver Vork.Call up E. T. Phone 40. ' V ' 'Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., SahrJLevy, Proprietor.White Kid GloveSjCIeaned, short, 10c; long 2ccC90cIK)0uz0wooi$13.50, $16.50 $ 2Cleaning Co:Ji i ii i98STOCKHOLDERSSEEK RIGHTSDESI.RE TO HAVE BURLEY TOBACCO COMPANY CONDUCTED ASOTHER CORPORATIONS.STATEMENT IS ISSUEDPresent Management Charged WithExtravagance and Mismanagementand Ask That the Company's Business Be Run Along EconomicalLines and in Accordance With Sane,Business Methods.With the1 sole object of aiding in securing to the stockholders of the3urley Tobacco o. the samerights, privileges and benefits that belong to andare enjoyed by the stockholders of allother corporations existing under ourlaws; and, with the desire, hope andview that something might be done bythe stockholders of said corporationthat would restore confidence amongits members and bring about a moresatisfactory condition of affairs amongthe growers of Burley tobacco, andwitha view of doing only that whichwill best protect said growers fromthe greed', oppression and wrongs ofthe tobacco trust and secure to thegrowers convenient markets and fairprices for their tobacco, a' number ofrepresentatives from various Burleytobacco growing counties have hadseveral meetings at Lexington, Ky.,within the, past few weeks.While all present 'seemed willing todo what they consistently could forthe best interests of the organization,and its members? and were willing tomake any -reasonable sacrifices of timeand means for the general good; yet,the holdings of each stockholder beingsmall, and none of those,, present desiring any employment or position ofprofit in the corporation, it was concluded that all that could be reasonably expected from any particularstockholder was a statement to allthe stockholders, covering the situation as it appears to the average stockholder, and letting the meeting to beheld under the supervision of thecourt, at Lexington, "Ky., November 6,191, quietly assemble and dispassionately act as the best judgment of thosepresent shaU determine.Whatever is to the best interest ofa majority of the stockholders is bestfor each, and those who have befinterested in trying "to bring about abetter feeling in the organization andwho favor the conducting of its business more fairly, economically andwith greater justice and satisfactionto its stockholders, have no other, andcould have no greater object, theythink, than restoring the tobaccogrowers' organization to its originalpurpose and regaining for it the fullconfidence of its members. They entertain no personal hostility towardsany person connected with the management of the corporation, and wantthe whole matter treated as a business proposition and without prejudiceor favor to individuals. But they areunable to esca'pe the conclusion thatthe present disturbed and unsatisfactory condition of its affairs are dueentirely to the "misdeeds and mistakes, of the men who usurped the unwarranted powers and committed the unwise and unlawful acts of which thepresent management has been guilty.No success has .come to the tobaccogrowers' organization since the usurpers at present in charge of its affairsdiverted it from its'original purpose,and nothing but failure and disasterever follows such conduct.Flushed by the victory which b.adbeen won bj the combined efforts olthe poolers of 1906 and 1607 and bythe cutting out of the 1908 crop(against the cutting out of which"cropMr. Clarence Lebus vigorously opposed and voted), Mr. Clarence Lebusand his close associates conceived theidea of the centralization oall powerin tfie hands 'of himself and a few sellselected associates, by vesting in themselves the power to vote all the stockof the Burley Tobacco Co. This usurpation and centralization of powerwas a wrong similar in nature to thatheretofore perpetrated by the American Tobacco Co. against the growersof Burley tobacco and against whichall faiivminded people so bitterly complained and actively opposed and ofwhich the United States governmentfinally took notice anL aided in stopping. 'The court" of last resort of the Stateof Kentucky has justly stamped itsdisapproval upon said unlawful acts oiMr. Clarence Lebus anal his associates.The following is an extract from theopinion of said, court, to-wit:"The action of the Board of Directory(Mr. Lebus and his associates) of theBurley Tobacco Society thereafter in trying to take from them (the stockholdersof the Burley Tobacco Company) thatright (to -vote) wtts without semblance oiauthority and upon its fact the most in-L defensible usurpation."When they have been guilty of whatthe highest court in our state brands,as "indefensible usurpation," is it tobe wqndered at that they have lostthe confidence of the stockholdersand public in general,, and that thepresent unfortunate condition of affairs is laid at their door? Whereelse could the responsibility be justlyplaced?The court further decided as follows: "Appellants (Mr. Lebus and his-as-soclates)were notand never had beenlegal directors of the Burjey TobaccoCo." - -';,... 1 -.I There are- many more; ; butcKleiv . . "i-among. fh;eir riumerojis misdeeds aadjghouB 4b,aaad with the sol? pxmistakes were the follbwingr"""One By diverting the farmersorganization from Its, original .purposethey lost the corfideifce of the peopleand were unable $o form a pool in 1910oj since. """ ,Two They have collected for stockin the Burley Tobacco Co. the sum of-$1,050,504.83, and the income of thecompany, from other sources" has beenover another million dollars, makingover two million dollars that hascomeinto their hands, all of which theyhave expended, and the company isnow over haf a million dollars in debt.Three-They have failed and refused to make any statement of thebusiness affairs of the corporation tothe stockholders and have denied thestockholders and their representativesaccess to the books.Four They have paid to .themselves,unauthorized, exorbitant and excessive salaries, without rendering services of value therefor.Five While denying the right ofother farmers and tenants to vote orhave a voice in their own affairs andretaining their money they grantedspecia privileges to the rich, as isshown by the following correct copy oiwhat was appended to a pooling contract signed by Mr. J. B. Haggin, oiFayette county, to-wit:"This instrument is executed by theundersigned upon the express conditionsthat he is to have the right to name onemember of the Board of Directors of saidBurley Tobacco Society, who is also tobe a member of the executive committee of said Board, and that such actionwill -be taken from year to year by saidsociety, as may be necessary to constitute the person designated by the undersigned or his representative a member otsaid board, and of said committee, and itis turthsr agreed that if at any time suchcondition be not complied with. the. undersigned or his representatives may athis or their election cancel and rescindthis pledge as xt tne ua.e oi cucn ...tion. "It is also understood that the undersigned is under no obligation to raise anytobacco upon his land in any of said yearsunless he may choose to do so, and hasthe right to deliver to the pool whateveramount maj' be grown by him in anyyear, be the same more or, less."J. B. HAGGIN,"By C. H. BERRYMAN, ""Attorney in Fact."Do you know of any such privilegehaving been granted to any farmer oitenant in your neighborhood?Six They failed to make up a listof stockholders as required iby law anddenied and 'fought through the courtswith the stockholders' own money, theright of the stockholders to vote" foiDirectors, or otherwise participate inthe affairs of the company.Seven They boughCfrom themselvesand nthprs niimprrms niPPAS nf nrnn.-. -.Ij.-u i. ., .. . ,erty without any authority so to doand several of same at nrices aboveIheir-real value.Eight They have held possession oinearly $300,000.00 of tfie pooler's'money since .February 1, 1910, andduring all of said time have never collected any interest thereon, which atthree per cent, the amount paid bymost banks, would have amounted tcover $30,000.00 by this time.Nine They have authorized a committee of their own number to speculate in tobacco with the funds of thecompany.Ten They have expended largesums of the poolers' money with cer-'tain newspapers ofvthe burley districtfor the purpose of popularizing them.selves and deceiving the poolers.Eleven They were never elected bythe stockholders andHave usurped -allthe powers they have exercised on behalf of the company.It was the unanimous opinion olthose present at the1above mentionedmeetings of stockholders, at Lexington, that neither profit or success cancome to this organization, or its members, unless its business is conducteddifferently in the future from what iihas been in the past, and the experience and history of all men and concerns seems to approve this viewT Iiis believed that the 'business can beproperly conducted along fair and law.ful lines, and that when so conductedit will prove both profitable and protective to the growers of Burley tobacco. No one wants to see a returnof the days when the growers were ,atthe" mercy of the American TobacccCo., and it was the opinion of thosepresent at the above mentionedmeetings thata return of such conditions could be forever prevented if thegrowers' organization was returned tcits original purpose and conductedjustly and according to law.It was the opinion of those presentat said meetings that its businessshould be conducted, in, the future,along the following lines, to-wit:One The. affairs of the Burley Tobacco Co. should be conducted according to law, and under the same business rules and regulations as governand control the conduct of other cor-PQrations. .Two There should be' made, atonce, by a competent and disinterestedauditing and clerical force, a thoroughinvestigation of the books, records andfinances of the company; and a printedstatement showing, in detail, Hhe result of the investigation, without prejudice or favor to any person, mailed toeach stockholder.Three There should also be made,as soon as is possible', by competentand disinterested persons, a physicalvaluation of all the property of thecompany, with a view of ascertainingas nearly as possible, the real truevalue of the stock of the Burfey Tobacco Co., which inforniati6n shouldbe furnished to all the stockholdersand not taken advantage of by officersor employes for the purpose of speculating in the 'stock.xFour All surplus and needless employ es who are now drawing a salarycut of the funds of the company,stould be discharged, "expenses reduced wherever possible, and sucheconomy practiced in the operation of,the affairs of the company as is conristent with the safe and profitablecond:ct rfrtne business. '''FivesrJSl eniploy es of hfc.-cbmps.n'v'pose "of pBtcjiring ttciency, and required to gander full- and ade&uatiservices for ' the , compensation ieceivod, and. not employed with theview of favoring relations or personalfriends. - ,Six The funds of the xompanyshould not 'be used by any one 'forspeculative purposes.Seven Convenient markers being anecessity -to the growers of tobacco,the. operation of the loose leaf warehouse business should be continuedand extended wherever business principles will justify, but should not bepromised at particular points for thepurpose of securing votes. All of theloose leaf houses should be operatedstrictly on a commission basis, andnone of the officers or employes of thecompany be permitted to speculate intobacco sold over its floors.Eight The stockholders of the Burley Tobacco Co. should have at leastbeen consulted before Mr. Lebus randhis immediate associates invested$600,000.00 of its funds in the Louisville tobacco factory. The stockholder of the company should be furnished with a full detailed statement of itsaffairs, and the management, after allthe real facts concerning it are fullymade known V to the stockholders,should be guided entirely by the stockholders' wishes with reference thereto. Nine The executive officers of thecorporation should be paid the following salaries, to-wit:President and Vice President, combined, 56,000 per year. The Vice President to receive no salary exceptwhileacting as president and whileso acting he to receive the same rateAllowed the president and all salarythus drawn by the vice president tobe deducted from the salary of thepresident. xThe executive committee, which shouldconsist of five members, should -receive$1,200 each year, and five cents per milegoing and returning to each meeting oithe committee. The vice mesideht shouldbe a member of the executive committee,but during such time as he shall receivethe salary of the president he should neicommitteeman. " rThe directors should receive S300 each iperyyear and five cents per mile goingand returning from directors' meeting.Ten The office of the comnanv should ibe Kept open every business day and itshould be the pleasure of all employesto furnish any stockholder all desired in-'dformation, and during all business hoursXo cheerfully submit to them, or theiirepresentative, the books of the companyfor tlieir inspection.Eleven The main obiects of the officersshould be to so conduct the business olthe company as to- in every way possible aid the growers of Burley" tobacccin securing the best prices obtainabletherefor: and their first duty should be tcthe growers, and not to speculators andthemselves.In vipw nf thp fart thnt th. usnri-iprnow in charge of theaffairs of the corn-pany have shown no desire to conduct jthe business in accordance with thMabove ideas it would seem useless tchope that they would do so in the futureif elected November 6, 1913. That theywish to be elected and intend to be electedis made very plain by their activity insecuring proxies and their "booming" oltnemseives in newspaper articles, written iat Lexington, and sent out to tTie newspapers each week for publication, an?doubtless paid for with the money of allthe stockholders. But the strongest evidence of their intention to be elected isshown in the eagerness with which theyhave been buying the stock for the pasifew days. They have been paying from jforty to fifty cent,s for it. In this con-inection attention is respectfully called tca short extract from the sworn answer Jfiled by Mr. Lebus in the Kenton cir-icuit court, to-wit: - ji"Defendants say further that the Bur- jley Tobacco Company in handling theSociety and in the conduct and operationof its tyusiness, ha"s earned such profitsthat .it has enhanced already the bookvalue, and the real value of each shareof stock held by the poolers in the Burley Tobacco Company not less than fiftyper cent above the amount actually invested therein by the stockholders."As you see, Mr. Lebus swore the stockwas worth a dollar and a half. Why arethey taking it from, the stockholders foiless than it is worth? Ought they notto pay what Mr. Lebus has sworn it isreally worth, instead of forty or fiftycents?The attention of the stockholders isrespectfully callec! to the fact that theapproaching election will be held under the supervision of the commissioners of the Kenton circuit court, and thaitrie votes of the stockholders will beCUUUICU US, L.ISL ill 11113 C1CU11UI1, clUU,judging from the conduct of the usurpersIn opposing and denying your right tcvote in The past, you may be able to conclude what the future may hold in storedfor -the stockholders who hereafter seel;the light to vote, in the event theusurpers are successful in this election.Don't it occur to you that this Is probablythebest chance that the stockholders willevprv have to get possession and controlof their own affairs?This question must present itself tceach thoughtful, reflecting stockholderwho has the real interest of the Burleytobacco growers at heart, to-wit:Should I cast my vote - for tliose whdisfranchised me. and who used my ownmoney to keep me disfranchised, and who Ihave withheld .from me imormation concerning the business of the company andwho now seek t buy the stock at onethird of what Mr. Lebus has sworn iwas worth, and who do not een nowpromise any definite policy for the future?Tf you wish to endoise usurpatijn andwrong, you will be given a full, fairchance to do so in the election to beheld at Lexington, Ky., November G, 1913,or ifoou wish to vote against such conduct, you will have a like opportunity todo so. Th"e stockholders' ngl)t to vote,in the. approching election was securedto them by the efforts of a few men. butthose men do not feel that their obligations to their neighbors go to the extentor requiring of them an expensi e, c r- igarized effort to wrest the control nf jthe company from the usurpers. The do-1ing of this is as much the duty of onestockholder as another, and it oin notand wilPnot be done unless the stovkholders accomplish it by their individualefforts. ,No sftock is being bought by any oneexcept the usurpers and no campaign isbeing, or will be, conducted by-uny one.k except them. The whole matter is up tothe individual stockholder, who must dofor himself what he wants dop. It wouldbe cest for as many stockholders as possibly can to go to Lexington, in person,on November Cth,- and cast their ownvotes. As "many may not be able, orcare to incur this expense, those who wishto do so can get blank proxies from anyof the following named gentlemen to-wit:J. Fra,nk Clay, Paris, Ky.L. B. Cockrell, Winchester, Ky.D. W. Scott, Lexington, Ky.J. W. Thacker, Georgetown, Ky.E. L. Mitchell. Mortonsville, Ky.Bohen Henry, Frankfort, Ky.L. Jj Doty, uwenton, ivy,Jelm R. Cecil, Harrodsburg, Ky.TVB. urabb, .Eminence, ivy. .R. C. Green. Walton. KyC. L. Renaker, Dry Ridge, Ky.N. B. Chipman, Falmouth, Ky.J. E. Mountjoy. Warsaw, Ky.F. P. Sebree, Carrollton, Ky. .. ,M. M. Rhodes, Elizavllle, Ky.J. W. 'Bell. Cynthiana, Ky.1 Thos. L. Clarke, Moorefield, Ky.E. H. Eildreth, Mt. Olivet, Ky.J. N. Kehoe, Maysville, Ky,.T. A. McDaniel. Horse Cave, Ky.L. J. Evans, Ripley, Oh Jo.J. "V Wamsley, Wamsley. Ohio.,J. L. Vanlandingham, Mt.,Zion, Ky.xL. H. McGraw, Georgetown"; Ivy.'' A. T. Day, Flemlngsburs'Ky:TREES!y .For Fruit and ShoW, SkrrikGrape Vines, Rhei&i.Peonies, Piilox,-Ret 'Asparagus, EtcEverything for Orchard,Lawn and Garden.No Agents Free CataltGrowers of What W $ftH. r. H1LLENMEYER & SOWS;1841 Lexington, Ky. 1913l (10-oct-lmo)BluH'MiSiillflf??,!!f- flyfTlSpecial Rates frExcursioisRound trip Winter Tourists, ,to allprincipal winter resorts in Alabama,Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, South Carolina and Havajia,Cuba, on sale daily Oct. 1, 1913, utiiApril 30, 1914, with final limit May 31,1914; also to principal winter resortsin Texas and New jVIexico, on saldaily Nov. 1, 1913, icT April 30, 1914,with final limit May 31, 1914. Liberalstopovers allowed on all winter tourist tickets. Also low round tripHomes eekers' tickets to points, in Arizona, Arkansas, Louisiana, Missouri,New Mexico, Oklahoma, Texas, Alabama, Florida, Mississippi, Colorado,Kansas, Montana, Nevada North Da-kota, South Dakota and Clifornia. onj sale first and third Tuesdays of each. -j vj. v,u.month, final liinit 25 days, from dateof sale, stopovers allowed in Homeseekers' territory. For further infor-mation rail nn or arldr;J mauon c"u no or aaaress,W. H. HARRIS, Agent.T. K. SMITH, T. A.When you feeldc:vous, tired, worried or despondent it is anr von nprj MOTFS NERVERfrfFUlSlgn you neea IY1U1 1 3 MILK VEJUHt.PILLS. They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. Be sura and ask foeMott's Nerverine Pills gSSdSWILLIAMS? MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OUL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky..4 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDepositsYour Deposits Are GuaranteedJ0UTAKEN0KISKSIf You "Are InterestedWrit UsONION STATE BANK' Muskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000Fully PaidWindsor HoteL'Modem Equipnjent. ' 'Polite Service.ISEverything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDCiirtis&OverbyBusiness fvten's Barber Shp(Noxt to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot, and Cold Baths at ATHoursNo Long: Waits.A, CkaJ" rnf Jh JOmWiu'in, w'liUiui s jr -e VV'ill . --- . -NewBarberShOB-y -roR3$ xsrnt$& J?' "oIre.-. '.tf.V Vy" VvJr- oi?nfttJJl.ff'-:1-Jf fr;tvJr'Af -THE; BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., OCTOBER 24 1913' I it1'JiV:i i''TfJ!11i1 tmvlT. . .1 he Bourbon NewsEstablished 1881 32 Years of ConJ ' tinouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.LET EVERY DEMOCRAT VOTEJames indorses hughes ,4 for 'collector in eighthSTOCK AND FARM NOTES RELIGIOUS.SilverwareAside from its intrinsic value to-day ourSilverware has the distinction of representing the perfection of the Silversmith's Art at this period ofAmerican history.For this reason it will be appreciated by"future generations even more so than are theheirlooms of the past valued to-day.The practic 1 use of Silver and its permanence makes it an appropriate and lasting gift forever appreciated.Our Silverware display is one of the specia,features of this store and one of special interest tothose' who seek exclusive patterns at moderate prices."The Home of Quality"For Jewelry"Shire C8b Fithian,PARIS, KENTUCKYf iEvery Democrat who' had a voice inthe primary election, will he entitledto a vote in the regular election to heheld Nov. 4, and every memher of theparty who participated in the electionis in honor hound to support the nominees. Every arrangement shouldbe made to go to the polls early onelection day, and cast your vote forthe choice of the majority of the partywhose election was won fairly andsquarely.A11 that is necesary for the successof the party is for every Democrat toput his shoulder to the wheel on theday of the election and hy his voteassure the success of the Democraticcandidates. The defeat of any of thecandidates will he construed as a rebuke to our brilliant President, Woodrow Wilson, and the Democratic members of both branches of Congress.The Republicans, who would beunable to win without assistance fromthe Democrats, are using their usualtactics to dissuade the Democratsfrom supporting the Democratic nominees, hut it is a well-grounded opinion that they will be lacking manyvotes when the final count is made.There is nothing so admirable in aDemocrat as to have him lay aside anypersonal feeling and cast his vote forthe interest of the choice of the people and his party. In this day of political strife we are to combat withthe common enemy and loyalty to thecause of Democracy is a most commendable trait in the party following.A glance at the list of assistants toChairman W. G. McClintock clearlydemonstrates that men have been selected to run the campaign who willbe found in the thickest of the fray.Lend assistance by casting your 'votefor the straight Democratic ticket.Senator Ollie M. James' recommended John W.. Hughes, of Harrodsburg, tot be Collector; of Internal Revenue m me uiignui jentucKy aisinci. ' v linfv Bnw tn Rnv Rvrd his farmAn appointment o fill this office is ex- of inety.nine acres and improve-yu. D ""; " .. ...-, ments jn tnat county, tor $iyu a acre.ant secretary or war isrecKinnugeand members of the Kentucky WilsonLeague are demanding that the President ask Senator James to changehis indorsement of Hughes and namean original Wilson man for the place.If Presidet Wilson takes such astep and the Senator consents it islikely the Senator would then recommed Kendrick Alcorn, of Stanford.But it is not thought that the President will take such a step.Senator Jomes, while admitting heHorse Show this week,A dispatch from Maysville says:"George Cahall, of Brown county, O.,was here Saturday and disposed ofhis crop of 20,000 pounds of tobaccoat 23 cents a pound."Mr. Chas. A. Tabor, oftbis county, sold and delivered to SudduthBros..- of Clark county, 50 feeding cat-had made an indorsement, would not tie, weight 987 pounds, at 6 1-2 cents.give tne name or nis cnoice, Dut tne Mr. Tabor also sold to W. A. 'rnom-tr ? 'T i- r rt hit ... 4 vv -n-wv. kj. it. jaaiigum win Dgra &Thbmas N. Coons, or Montgom- series of revival sermons at the Bau- i? -'List uuuiuu oimua.y evening, Oct. 2$ 'which will continue until further hck jt,tice. There will be preaching park YHazel Dawn, owned by Matlack evening at 7:45 o'clock. l& Shropshire, of Winchester, won all Rev. O. R. Mangum will fill his- 'the premiums at the Kansas City, pulpit at the Baptist church Sundaymorning ana evening at tne usual iabove facts were learned from theTreasury Department sources.In selecting Judge Hughes from thetwo spore candidates for the place,ason & Co., of North Middletown, 70fat hogs at 7 1-4 cents.W. R. Span & Son, of ShelbyMr ;. James, according to well-informed tBXX leXQntY cows bought by Mr.puiiuuiam., ii luauu a Daouxjr g tfa Jsle of Jersey tne pastsolution of the Col ectorship tangle. The importation was. inThroughout the contest localities have aoaoA w hroo lvfia Hrnnnprl nnfigured largely.The EleventhCongressional dis-shipboard, fourteen in quarantine intrain.xue ruevemu- WuBlB.u New York, and three on themet candidate was aeciaea agaui" arrived d condition.because it seemed more important tothe Democratic party, from the Senator's viewpoint.10 CENT "CASCARETS"STRAIGHTEN YOU UP.CONGRESS BEE BUZZINGIN HAMLETT'S HAT.Superintendent of Public Instruction Barksdale Hamlett returned toFrankfort, Tuesday, from' a trip inthe Second District, and while he declined to commit himself on the subject of entering the race for the Democratic nomination for Congress -inthat district, he said:"I was importuned by a great manypeople to enter the race after the announcement of Congressman Stanleyfrom Washington that he will ot bea candidate again."It is said that the race for the nomination to succeed Stanley is practically made up with the exception ofa candidate from Christian, and Superintendent Hamlett is expected toannounce defiitely his intentions soonafter the November election.Judge Henson, of Henderson, andDavid Kincheloe, of MadisonvilleT arethe only avowed cadidate so far.When Headachy, Bilious, ConstipatedStomach Sour, Breath Bad.Get a ten-cent box now.Turn the rascals out the headachediliousness, indigestion, the sick, sourstomach and foul gases turn themad,tonight and keep them out withCascarets.Millions of men and women take aCascaret now and then and ever knowthe misery caused by a lazy liver,clogged bowels or an upset stomach.Don't put in another day of distressLet Cascarets cleanse your stomach;remove the sour, fermenting food;take the excess bile from your liverand carry out all the constipatedwaste matter and poison in the bowels. Then you will feel straight.A Cascaret tonight straightens youout by morning. They work whileyou sleep. A ten-cent box from anydrgu store means a clear head, sweetstomach and clean, healthy liver andbowel action for months. Childrenlove Cascarets because they nevergripe or sicken.(adv)WOULD LEGISLATE FISCALCOURT OUT OF OFFICEEXCHANGEYour old stove in on Gas Range andHeater.(26-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.In the report mode by the Scottcounty grand jury Tuesday afternoonit recommended the abolition of theFiscal Court and advised a change ofthe entire fiscal system. This, thereport says, is the opinion of themembers of the Fiscal Court itself.The grand jury suggests a bondissue for Che purpose of rebuildingScott county roads and urges the necessity of immediate action in regardto the handling of the county affairs.The Mt. Sterling Advocate reportscourt day in that city as follows:"There -was from 5,000 to 7,000 cattleon the market, all the pens being fulland a great many cattle left in pastures, to be brought in as the penswere cleared."The day was the worst ever; snowing, raining and cold. It was so badthat we left the pens after a shortstay, the first time we have shirkedin twenty years."Trade was brisk and prices strong,the best 1,000-lb steers going $7, withlighter steers at $6.25 to $6.75. Heifers at 5 to 5c, with some fat onesat 6c, cows at $4 to $5, bulls at 5c,old cows and rough oxen at $2.75 to$4."LIVES OF EX-PARISIANSMENACED BY EXPLOSIONS.A letter received by relatives of Mr.and Mrs. W. G. Swearingen, of Carthage, O., formerly of this city, tells ofthe narrow escape of the members ofthe family from an explosion of dynamitewhich wrecked a portion of a newsteel bridge which was being builtin that city. A large force of menwere employed in the construction ofthe steel work, and from some unknown clause two of the number weredischarged, and, according to theletter, the discharged workmen wentto the bridge a few nights later andplaced large quantities of dynamitein several places along the bridge.The explosion which followedwrecked the bridge, and the force wasfelt all over the town. Mr. Swearingen's house was about a square fromthe scene of the explosion, and wasbadly damaged by falling debris.Luckily the in,mates escaped withoutinjury.The price of furs averages threeand one-half times as much, now inthe big Canadian markets as it did inthe decade from 1890 to 1900.hours. In the morning he will preackon "The Supreme Tas!k- of EveryChristian", and at night his subject- Lwill be "The Danger of Being a Cast- '"away.v Sunday being, the decision.day in the Sunday school Rev. Man- rgum will address the boys and girls-at 9:30 o'clock on "The Parable of the-Lead Pencil." 2Preparations are under way or mca grand rally of the Bible schools orthe Church of Christ of this county,which will be held at the Christian;church in this city, on Sunday, Nov. 9..The program has not yet been com-pleted, but there will be a number of ?distinguished speakers present forthe occasion, among the number be- rfing Robert M. -Hopkins and Walter E-Frazee- t ,Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive will occupythe pulpit at the Presbyterian .churclrSunday morning at 10:30 o'clock, as-usual. There will be no evening ser-vvice. Dr. Shive will preach at theClintonville Presbyterian church; 3nthe afteroon and moderate a congre- Agational meeting for the purpose orcalling a pastor if the way be clear.At 7 p. m., he will preach at the Hopewell Presbyterian church, and wilFalso moderate a congregational meeting for the purpose of calling a pastorfor that church if the way be clear...-jGAS RANGES.Just received, a carload ofNew Process Gas Rangesat A. F. Wheeler FurnitureCompany, opposite Courthouse, tfYOU WILL BE PLEASED,Get shoe satisfaction by trading at:.Ctf) FELD'S.Strayed.Strayed to my place on Houston &Antioch pike, a sow. Owner can havesame by proving property and payingscharges.JULIAN FRANK.For SalePair of brass andirons, coloniaE"style. Both phones 34.FOR RENT.House of five rooms on Massie Avenue. Apply toJ. B. TARR,. (19-3t) Either Phone 490IdH w H Wr H 1 BH r HH HH HBfbimi bmh msm p'HomeiMade CandiesGO ON SALE TODAYIAssorted Chocolates, Bon-bons and All -Chocolate, Put Up inBoxes of 1, 2, 3, and 5 . PoundsHundres of pounds of this famous Candy will be shipped to our customers all over the country - TO,D AY,Why ht mail a box to your mother, brother, sister or sweetheart ? . ,. '-Phone Us Your Order -We Will Dp the Rest.r;Bmmmmmm iSH bMH 'Bbbbj M BbbbbTaTaTaTaTaTaTaTaTaTaTaV TaTfl TaTaTa ""TaTaTabTaTB " TaTaI TaTaI TaTabJ ABbbW BbbbV mvbbbb HbbbV BbbV mv bvbbbb j j BbbbbbBv aBbbbbbbb Avbbbmv Bbbbbbbmw HBB AWv Bbbbt b B AVAVAr BbAV ASBVmr BbAVm ASASmt - pBVBM BjBVAVl r AVAVfl AVAVA' AVAVAj BV Bbbbj vbbbbV avAVATTaTaTM aTaTaTaIaTaTAb WaTata aTaTaTj WaiTaV ahVaTaTa aTaTJ bTaTaTa VaTaTa aTaTawiaTaTJ TATAiArATAr aTaTAh yaTaTa aTaTaTJ AvATAr aTaTAm aTaTaiaTafLLLLLLALr aH LBAPBAm babab bbaVba " baH ' baV bbabab Hbh bbaV bbabawbaH bbaVbfbaV baHbavbaH1 'BBHBATFor Sale by Clarke & Co, and W "" Brooks on Sunday.- "-WJ Ji. "..-.'v - . .-..- ; :.-.,. : .'-'& , --- .j".r rV'-V ' ' .a, .r3 jffVi1 ,-' -- n&MJP&Vj&t,:x-jr ..u 'JgHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADETAV NHTIfFmI AVV IIV E -A ten per Cent, pen-ftltvi Will be added COall city taxes not paidon or before October31 .iThe tax accountsareViow ready.; C. K. THOMAS,(td) City Collector.BEST ON THE MARKET.. . v . .Natural gas is here. We have -theWilson Heater ana Favorite ranges.They are the best on the market.Letus show them to you.(24-4t) LOWRY & TALBOTT.PIE SUPPER AT THESTONY POINT SCHOOLThere will be a pie suppertnnvrPoint school house onat theThurs-day evening, Oct. 30. Acordial inv-ito attend.tation-isef.extended to anftSPECIAL RAINCOATAt $6. Double texture tan Covert,-with military collar.J. W. DAVIS & CO.LOCAL COMMANDERY TOHAVE MEETING TONIGHT.There will be a meeting of CoeurLion Commandery No. 26 at theirvlum tonight at 8 o'clock. All thembers are requested to be present.TO NATURAL GAS USERS.We are local agents for the Favoritenatural gas heaters and ranges. Theyare the best on the market, and theprices less than inferior goods.l24-4t) LOWRY & TALBOTT.HORSES AND MULES SOLDTO SOUTH CAROLINA BUYER.Caywood & McClintock, local stockdealers, sold Tuesday to a South Carolina buyer, twenty head of workmules at an average of $190 per head.They also sold to the same buyer fivehead of general purpose horses at anaverage of $150 per head. The stockvos shipped to South Carolina Wedaesday. GOOD GRADES CHEAP.Special low prices on wall paper.This applies especially to the goodgrades of paper.J. T. HINTON.DELEGATES TO RIVERSAND HARBORS CONGRESSGov. McCreary has appointed a delegation to represent Kentucky at thetenth annual convention of the National Rivers ad Harbors Congress atWashington, December 3, 4 and 5.Among the delegates appointed by theGovernor are Swift Champ, of Paris,and Carl C. Robbins, of Winchester.COMPARE OUR PRICES.You do not have to go to Lexingtonfor Wilson natural gas heaters anddark Jewel Gas Ranges. We haveboth. Compare our prices.(24-4t) LOWRY & TALBOTT.'JEMIMA JOHNSON CHAPTERD. A. R. TO MEET SATURDAYThe Jemima Johnson Chapter, D.A. R., wil have a meeting Saturday afternoon, Oct. 25, at 2:30 o'clock, atthe Elks' Hall.Mrs. Lafferty, of Lexington, willread a paper on Ruggles Station. Allmembers are urged to be present, assomething most interesting is promised by the newly-elected Regent, Mrs.vRobert C. Talbott,BWEET CIDER.Fine barrel of fresh sweet cider justopened. Phone(ltusyour order.JNO. SATJER.MRS. FISHER BUYS THREEVIRGINIA AVE. HOUSES.Mrs. Carrie I. Fisher bought Fridayfrom Dr. D. S. Henry three houses located in Paris at a private price.Thennrtv .nnsiefq of an eism-roombrick residence on Virginia avenue Jand two four-romm cottages on Vinestret in Henrys addition to i-ans.Tr. fh. trariA Dr. Henrv purchased iMrs. Fisher's farm, containing 88nr-rps. located on uie ici.vn F'ai-ind orlininiiifr til ft lands Of Mr. D . C.Lisle, near Centerville. The propertyis unimproved.ASK FOR THE WILSON.It is not necessary to go to other,towns to buy Wilson heaters. We areagents for the Wilson line and weguarantee prices as cheap as anyone.(24-4t) LOWRY & TALBOTT..SUFFERS BROKEN SHOULDERWHEN BUGGY OVERTURNS.IAs the result of an accident whichoccurred Monday night on the Coul-J th&rd's Mill pike, near this city, Mrs.W F. Davis suffered a fracture of the-" right shoulder. m"Mrs Davis, accompanied by her'husband, Mr. T. A. Davis, was being"driven to the home of .Mr. W. F. Tur-" " ner, where they planned to make a- visit When near the house the bug-' " gy overturned, throwing the occupantsV to the ground. ... , .rMr Davis carried his injured wifetothe homeof Mr. and Mrs. Turner,where medical attenuuu wao fc.i,v-"lier. Her injuries, wnue ol a pi'-nature, are not tnougut to ue beiiuuoami she is getting alongcotld be expected. ras well asGET OUR PRICES.Natural-gas will -soon be turned on..--. ,ArtWncr in heaters andWe-He vi j w""oi .--tiranges.- Get our price un jVVlfiitik-i vtCJJfJftC.SOOIAL AND PERSONAL-Mrs. Withers Davis was a visitorin Winchester Wednesday.Miss Nannie Clay is visitingfriends in Washington C. H., Ohioivirs. ueorge iaynter has Teturnedfrnm o visit tn wloKnAn ,' tt,- i i.J Mr. Jieorge W. Stuart has return-ed from a business trip to Lebanon, 0.Mrs P. H. Lane, of Philadelnhia-Pa., arrived yesterday for a visit toMrs. Swift vChamp. ,Miss Julia Frank: has returned toher home in Louisville after a visit to'relatives in this city.Mrs. J. C. McLear returned Tuesday evening from a protracted visitto relatives in Owenton.Messrs. Robert Spencer "and Oscar Peddicord are spending the weekat the Latonia races.Mrs. Charles M. Griffin lias beenill for several days at her home in theDoyle apartment, on Main street.Mrs. W. E. Pinell has returned to! her home in Winchester after a visitwith her sister, Mrs. Mary Walker.Mrs. William P. Mayfield, of Dayton, O., has arrived for a visit to hersister, Mrs. James Doty, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Louis Taylor havebeen the guests for several days ofMr. and Mrs. E. C. Arnold, in Covington. Mrs. C. L. Steenberger will entertain with a luncheon this afternoon atone o'clock, at her home on Vinestreet.Mr. and Mrs. H. J. Grosche attended the meeting of the KentuckyMaster Bakers' Association, held inLexington Wednesday.Mr. J. T. McGrath, of Lebaon, isthe guest of his daughter, Mrs. LouisT. Lilleston, in this city. Mrs. McGrath has been here several weeksMr. and Mrs. Claude Petree havemoved from Victoria, Texas, to thiscity, and will make their home withDr. Martha Petree, on Sixteenthstreet.Dr. Mangus P. Hopper and Mr.T. P. Case, of New York, and Mr. C.C. Hopper, of Maysville, have beenthe guests of Mr. C. C. Clark, nearnear North Middletown.Lieutenant M. A. Doyle'of the U.S. Revenue cutter service, is here ona visit to his father, Mr. John Doyle,on Higgins avenue. Lieutenant Doyleis stationed at Pensacola, Fla.Mr. and Mrs. E. P. Thomas andMiss Jennie Webb, of Louisville, andMiss Dovie Embry, of Lexington,have returned to their homes after avisit to friends in North Middletown.Miss Lena Grafton, National -Superintendentof the Young Ladies'Mission Circle, will be-welcome guestWednesday, Oct. 29, and will speakto the ladies, in the parlors of theChristian church, at 3:45 p. m." It isearnestly desired that a laige number.be present.Mrs. William B. Ardery entertained a few friends at her home on SouthMain street Friday afternoon with abridge party. The color scheme wasyellow and white and was artisticallycarried out in the dainty hand-paintedtallies, the work of the hostess.! Two hand-painted cards were awarded to Mrs. John Davis for the highestscore. Delicious ices and salads wereserved to the followfaift, guests: Mesdames John Davis, "Withers Davis,Carl Wilmoth, Misses Mary Woodford, Rachel Wiggins, Nancy Griffith, Belle Horton, Elizaoeth Embry,Martha Ferguson.Mrs. William O. Hinton entertained the members of the BaptistMissionary and Aid Society Tuesdayafternoon at her home on Highstreet. After the business session adelightful social hour was enjoyed,after which the ladies had the pleasure of meeting Mrs. O. G. Mangum,the bride of the pastor of the Baptistchurch. Refreshments were servedduring the aftrnoon. This evening areception will be tendered Dr. and MrsMangum in the parlors of the Baptistchurch, to which all the members ofthe congregation are invited, and alsothe ministers and officers of theother local churches and their wives.The occasion promises to be a verydelightful one.The regular weekly meeting ofthe Paris Literary Club was heldWednesday afternoon at the club par-lors, with a good attendance. MissSimms. the president, presided, andthe following members contributed to ;the excellent program: Mrs. J. D. Bur-i naugn, wnose suoject was ouauuiua-vian Influence in America; "Mrs. J.Walter Payne gave a reading fromJacob Riis for Mrs. Catesby Woodford, Jr., and Mrs. Ossian Edwardsread a paper on iub iupp&.The Parliamentary Club also met jat Elks' Hall and the following pro-gram was iwwcu.Mrs. Arthur Hancockand Mrs.Hnsrhes Bronston werevisitors inLexington Wednesday.Roll CallDuties of City Council.Quiz Authors of ParliamentaryRules and the Nineteen Motions.Leader, Mrs. Walker.Initial Meeting of City Council.Reports and Plans of Committees.Mayor Mrs. A. H. Morehead.The club is growing in interest andmembership. Five new members being added at this meeting, MesdamesThos. A. Hendricks, Custis Talbott,M. H. Dailey, Harry, Kerslake andMiss Clara Belle O'Neill.RAINCOATS.Heavy Combination Raincoats withconvertible collars iir medium andheavy weights, $15 to $40.J. W. DAVIS & CO.PARIS HIGH SCHOOL BOYS -TO ATTEND CONFERENCE.A, number of the young men ofParis are planning to attend the StateBoys' Conference of High - Schools,.Y. M. C. A., and Church Clubs, fo beheld at Nicholasville, October 31 toNovember 2. Rev. W. E. Elis andMessrs. Catesby Spears and GeorgeW. vClay have generously offered theirautomobiles to transport those whowish to attend from here. The PansHigh School Band will .furnish themusic part of the time.NEW SORGHUMWere have just opened a fresh jof new sorghum. Phone .im,bar-,relyourTHE BOURBIBBnMMaNEW, RESTAURANT TO5VOPEN impThe new additiontau-rani; or Mr. 3L,eer Stout.?! ohMainstreet, wnicn nas oeen aDout ,completed, winb thrown open to thepublic" Sunday3 evening, when a sixo'clock dinner will be served to thepatrons of this popular place.The interior of the ' new additionpresentsa very attractive and artisticappearance, 'belifg beautifully designed in Mission, and the hardwood floorshave been" waxed-and polished. Thefurniture is now being placed in position andeverything will be in readiness for the opening Sunday evening.Mr. Stout, who is a expert restaurateur, has left nothing undone thatwould add to the attractiveness of theplace, and is sparing no expense tomake it the best and most .up-to-daterestaurant in Central Kentucky. Thelower floor of the new addition willbe occupied by a number of tables,while the second floor will be reserved for special parties. This portion of the building will have twolarge tables with a capacity of aboutthirty people.The special dinner Sunday will beserved in courses, and the event,which will mark the opening of thispopular resort, will be attended by arepresentative gathering, and everything known to the culinary art vrillbe served.MR. W. M. TALBOTT TAKESPOSITION WITH BANK.Mr. William M. Talbott was, at recent meeting of the directors of theBourbon Bank and Trust Company,elected to the position of assistantbookkeeper, and has entered on hisnew duties. Mr. Talbott is one of thebest known and most popular youngmen in Paris, and is a son of DeputySheriff and Mrs. W. F. Talbott. He isa graduate of the Paris High School,a capable and deserving gentleman,and will no doubt discharge the dutiesof his new position to the entire satisfaction of the bank officials and thepatrons of that popular banking institution. EXECUTIVE COMMITTEECHOOSES Y. M. C. A. OFFICERS.At a meeting of the executive committee of the High School students atthe Y. M. C. A., composed of EdwardMyall, Chas. M. Griffin, Homer Wilson, Stuart Wallingford and Allen,Smith, Monday afternoon, the following officers were elected to serve forthe ensuing year:President, Dennis Snapp; vicepresident, Wayne Cottingham; secretary, Landen Templin; treasurer,Barnett Winters. Future meetingswill be held in the city school chapelevery two weeks.WATCH 'EM.The window tells you $30 Kitchen Cabinet now $17 $28 Cabinet $15$1.00 off price every day. -See window. "J. T. HINTON.EARLYWINE ADMITTED TOTHE PRACTICE OFLAW.Mr. J. L. Early wine, of Chicago,formerly of Paris, -was Tuesday admitted to the practice of law in theState of Illinois, after passing a verysuccessful examinaion before theState Board of Examiners atSpringfield. A class of 116 took theexamination anong the number beiggraduates from the law departmetsof Yale -'and Harvard Universities.Fifty-three of the number were successful, among them Mr. Earlywine,who has been leading law in Chicagosince leaving Paris about a year ago.His many friends here wish him muchsuccess.FOR SUNDAY DINNER.Oysters, Michigan celery, and cranberries on hand all the time.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.MUSICALFESTIVAL FORPARIS NOW ASSURED.A treat is in store for Paris musiclovers on the 25th of next month. Thegreat basso, Mr. Myron W. Whitney,with the charming pianist, Miss Mar-guerite Valentine, and the large orchestra of tWenty-five men, under thebaton of Mr. Albert H. Morehead, willappear at the Paris Grand both afternoon and evening of that date.Mr. Morehead reports that the subscription list is fast filling up and thesuccess ol the testival is practicallyassured,!,mChocolate,Maraschino,VanillaCaramel.For Saturday.Baldwin "Bros.,Paris, KentuckyBEhHb m $'4 2fltoB tfi?wrsFor salumayHubigs Pies.Country Club CakesJS,KY:, OCTOBER 24,FRANK P. CLAY SELLS.CASTLE COMFORT' FARM?JVlrs. Neomi Wiedemann Blount, ofNew York, has purchased of Mr.Frank P. Clay, his beautiful countryhom.e, "Castle Comfort Farm," located on the Paris and Georgetownpike, at a private price. The farmcontains 151 acres of highly productive soil and is well improved. Thehouse on the place was built by thelate -Thomas Stamps in 1842, and hasbeen in the Clay family since 1852.Possession will be given Mar. 1, 1914.Mrs. Blount bought the property forher son, Mr. Stanhope Weidemann,who has been making his home withMr. ad Mrs. W. B. Woodford, on theWinchester pike, for the past twoyears. Becoming interested m agriculture after he left college, .Mr. Weidemann came to Bourbon county toobtain practical farming experience.Since his residence here he decided toremain in this county permanently.MISSING GIRL FROM NICHOLASFOUND NEAR MILLERSBURG.Miss Besie Purcell, 14, who hasbeen missing from home in Carlisle,and for whom relatives have beenanxiously searching, was found byher fother, Wiliam Purcell, near Millersburg, Tuesday. She went withLacy Dantler, a young farjmer, toMaysville, where they were married,afterward going to Millersburg.vos! MarketI House.8 8th and Main Sts.No Credit .No Delivery ,No PhonesT. Bone or PorterhouseSteak, pound 22cSirloin or Tenderloin Steak 20cRound Steak ,18cChuck or Shoulder Steak. .16cRib or Roll Roast, short cut 16cChuck or Shoulder Roast.. 15cFlank, Plate or Cros's RibRoast 12cYoungPork Shoulder Roastl7 JcWinnies, Frank furters,Meltwurst, Leona andMince Hani, pound IScSmoked Fish, Fresh Fish, Oysters, Country Butter and Eggs.All Meats GovernmentInspected.M. J. Heller& Co.VO0fr4O'-".iti;&TI Vk JIm & Jl i JL;US "53yJ.T.HIMT0NIWood Mantels1913SBRINew Fall Goods ImNow Ready For Your t'Inspection .'. . .'. PAfter a three-weeks' search of the New York andEastern markets, we are in a position to show you thelargest and best selected stock ever shown by us, xSee the beautiful new ideas inSilks, Dress Goods, Challies, Velvets, Corduroys, Dress Trimmings and Laces,Neckwear and many noveloutnt complete.Ask to see our non-shrinkable flannels for waists,sriirts, &c.We are agents for the following good lines HendersonCorsets, DeBevoise Brassieres, Wayne Knit Hosiery andEskay Kid Gloves.W. Ed Tucker.sai1 HC LiUCM' 'yio wi OTta ac- L-'ffia in urn j tnguBnajaiaMi bbtTHE BABY DOLL SHOE,in Patent, Colt, Cloth Top.Also"the English Walking Shoe in Tanand Gun Metal.We Have The Season's Newest -Geo. Mc Williams,L.Phones 301rYour family9 Health.'-; DEMANDS vThatYouUsc a Vacuum CleanerDon't just stir up the DUST and GERMS. Remove thenifrom the home. Not only do this, but cut your work inhalf. When you buy a cleaner buy a DUNTLEY. It isjust as easy to buy the best.If you want anELECTRIC let usdemonstrate the -Duplex!SLAVES YOU MONEY. Undertakingaccesssories to make your Fall"Iociimuuii:JThe Shoe Man1r&Ir9A -- f- !- -ivuiui Kb. m,4horder "early vtKT -" rrrrrifUt LOWK1' . J.Ai-DJL a.it)9- "C. P. 4COOK;Jb' CO.v.htT v- x?L" t ' t -n.."'ii -ti--ArmtiiujBRmTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY OCTOBER 24. 1913.EwmREND1i--- -tr' m m m M mbmmb , .w . . . taM a. a. . .You Are Invited To a Demonstration of IIIFMa AahAMUIKI; uuhibhj zu iu zsr, 1913, ATAll-wO'tfs PreferablevrBEST & HAWKINS, MILLERSBURG, KYrft.?MsWh',.&'rrI fSL" .Set of High-Grade Atuminum Cooking Ware:WORTH $10.50UBWMSF;s5S&e&?s3BmA WWYOURS FREEIf You Buy a SOUTH BEND MALLEABLE RANGE During the week of, Our Exhibit." One six and one-half quart No. 8t Aluminum Tea Kettle. Price $3.50BBgSSw3BPOne two-quart Aluminum DoubleRice Boiler. Pricef$2.Q0. WWWWWWWWmwJW x -m NL$Here's the Range You WantTO BUYYOU are invited to an Exhibit andDemonstration of themost wonderfulrange:ever made. The flues of this Range aremade of Patented Keystone Copper Bear-I ing Aluminum-Fused Meal. TheSOUTH BEND MALLE-One eight-quart Aluminum Preserving Kettle. Price $1.75Oae four-quart Alamiaaa Preser?Jag Kettle. Price $1.25Oie four-pint AlumuuuiCofffPot. Price $2.00has many other remarkable features, butthis one alone makes it the most desirableRange ever put on the market. Be sureand see it. A.pleasant time is assured allWith every RANGE sold duringthe week of the Exhibit we willmake a Present of avisitors, and many useful Souvenirs' willbegiven away. , vset of high-gradealuminum Ware.be sure and come.REMEMBER DATE.HJpifsSnHgiHKWJWWWmKWMWWMItWMWWWumBKBKlimKmnwFM. HSjBwwwwntnUHiHlHliHf ujBk iiiJwwwmMUwWwTxiemfflwwwwwm IKi. & '$3jww , ""JffTfMS1""""'" '' !5SEE3BSTnSsnSTT9TWWMWWMl, wHBbii J-iJHBBBMBSBWI fliiHgl 1iiH UAjvHbLSSBIIjIj bBHH:'Mh !Hi n HiiflM? Fi IB HkV 'iVmjj 'W)MM WBByf IB -. mmWKTHEY MAKE YOU FEEL GOODThe pleasant purgative effect produced by Chamberlain's Tablets andthe healthy condition of body andmind which they create make one feeljoyful For sale by all dealers.(adv) ' (Oct)T9X&'&g!i$5B&&&'Mo'ses isn't the only man who hada bullrush for a family tree. ButMoses was the only man who wasn'tashamed of it.A girl can wear another girl's hatand it will fit her. But other's girl'sshoes are always too large for her.ftMHIttmtMMIHHtHHI coef fWile ii Co.ROLLING PINUsed By Wife and Minister NowSeeks Divorce.Rev. Charles A. Stroup, a ministerof Mechanicsburg, Ohio, has broughtsuit for divorce against his wife,Lucia A. Stroup, who is now said to bestaying in Springfield.He claims that his wife attackedj. mm with a rolling pin, saying, "IS. will knock your brains out," and thatshe dreses and conducts herself soJ out of keeping with her position ast the wife of a -minister as to causehim mental distress.PENSIONS FAVOREDFor School Teachers 'in Bulletin FromDepartment.formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington9Ky.Announce ThatDuring the Week beginning Monday,October 20th- oMadam Junkins;An Expert Corsetiere from New York WillDemonstrate to the women- Who wish o improve their appearance ,j, ,. . Just how the proper model in aD GamiJlc front Cace CorsetThe corset with a "Ventilo Back ,. Will improve the figure, and at the same time,give'more comfort than any other corset' On Tuesday and ThursdayOctober 21st and 23rd3:30 p. m. until 4:30 p m.The various -styles of this corset willbe shown on aLIVE MODEL ' .IN OURfREST ROOMON THIRD FLOORWe invite you to call .9tQ&mLOANED DOLLARi o Friend -and As Reward ReceivedCheck For 910i000.Thirteen years ago, Miss Cora Bow-ser, a domestic, of Kittanning, Pa.,S loaned 1 to W. M. Morrow, who had$ concluded that the East held noneof the good things in 'life for him,J and had decided to go West to pros-pect for forfune.. She considered the dollar in theJ light of a friendly contribution toMorrow's fortunes, and proceeded to3 torget about it. In the passing yearsm nothing was heard from Morrow, andhe was forgotten even by his friends.5Jj Meanwhile Morrow was doing a lotof hard plugging. Recently he "landed," making his strike in Nebraska.Mips Bowser receivedcheck for $10,000.Pensions for teachers in the publicschools, to be derived from fundsfounded and administered by the individual States, and without contributions by the ultimate beneficiaries, areadvocated by Raymond W. Sies in abulletin issued by the United StatesBureau of Education at Washington.Dr. Sies's recommendations are theresult of an intimate study, of thepensions systejns maintained abroad.Every woman who is troubled withfainting and dizzy spells, backache,kheadache, weakness, debility, constipation or kidney troubles, should useElectric Bitters. They give reliefwhen nothing else will, inproje thehealth, ading strength and vigor fromREFUSE WHISKY SHIPMENTS.New Tennesse Laws As To Interstate Traffic Take Effect.The laws passed gy the Tennesseestate and interstate shipments ofliquor, went into effect Saturday.Following the elbsing of the extrasession Friday and signing of thebills for the suppression of liquorshipments, both laws' become immediately operative. Express companies, and railroads running from Memphis into Tennesse counties refusedshipments from Memphis wholesaledealers under the interstate law.The third liubr bill passed by theLegislature, -which makes possiblea certified the abatement of saloons as nuisan' ces, goes into dffect March 1, 1914.WOMEN WHO GET DIZZY.Originally the Netherlands ererich in timber, but' as enormousamounts of timber were cut and nothing was done to replace the trees removed, this wealth of the countrywas gradually exhausted. During thelast twenty-five years, however, thearea of woodland in the Netherlandshas again commenced to grow, thanksto the initiative of De NederlandscheHeide Mataschappy. Only 417,G71acres were wooded in 18833, but in1910 this area had increased to b 12,-1965 acres.THE FAMILY COUGH MEDICINEIn every home there should be abottle of Dr. King's New Discovery,ready for immediate use when anymember of the family contracts acold or a cough. Prompt use wiirstop the spread of sickness. S. AStid, of Mason, Mich., writes: "Mywhole family depends upon Dr. King'sNew Discovery as the best cough and"cold medicine in the world. Two50c. bottles cured me of pneumonia."Thousands of other families havebeen equally benefited and dependentirely upon Dr. King's Discovery tocure their colds, coughs, throat andlung troubles. Every dose helpsPrice 50c. and 1.00. All druggists.H. E. Bucklen & Co., Philadelphia orSt. Louis. (adv).(Oct)Australia has nearly "300.000 acresI of untouched forests.1 iWOLF JILE i CO.'-1 ' lA in Tirol 1 PM HaPkHMHloaL,olack ; IWI ' 1 1 i ;iBMMMMMMBYou get back the original cost of your stove in ther -iuci muuey aavcu caun winicr. ouia you asK ior morer5v- r-u-r-riT55' " IITISYOUR DUTY TO PROTECT, YOUR.FAMI LY WITH fA BAN K ACCOUNTWHAT WOULD I BECOME OF THEMSHOULDYOU'DlEPENNILESS2Just look at this picture and THINK.NJMake OUI bank YOUR-bank .We pay 3 per cent, interest 'on Savings.: DEPOSIT BAIK OFHere is the 'Guarantee onCole's OriginalHot Blast HeaterBacked Up in Every Particular by the Makers:"1 A saving of one-third in fuel over any lowerdraft stove of tlie same size, with soft coal,n slack or lisrnite."2 That Cole's Hot Blast will lire -less hard coalfor heating a given space than anj. base burnermade vUh the same size fire pot."3 That the rooms can be heated from jne to twohours each morning, with the soft coal or hardcoal put in. the stove the evening before."4 That the stove will hold fire with soft coal fromSaturday night until Monday morning."5 A uniform heat day and night, with soft coal,hard coal or lignite."6 That every stove will remain absolutely air-tiglftas long as used."7 That the feed-door is and will remain smoke anddust-proof."8 That the Anti-Puffing Draft will prevent puffing.'All we ask is that the stove shall be operated according to directions and connected with agood flue."(Signed) COLE MANUFACTURING CO."Not Inc. .(Makersef the Original Patented Htot' Blast Stove.)stoveLexington, Ky.PARISCapita!, SiOO.GOG.OO.Surplus, $40,000.00. ..This Guaranree can not tfe made on any other heating;e. , pIf you want economy and real home comfort, come inauu, tec us sen you one of these stoves. vE. M. WHEELER FURMrURE fO. JRobnee! Building, Cor. Main, 2nd 8th JS&ZLV FUCLJlJLirais,5ee the name 'Cole's"' on feed Jrof each eto&e. None fenmin witAjutJtiw:-.W-iJ. M.HAful-.i President y C K. THOMAS. Cashier l' .- j..". N f-u -it ' r - . Sv J- ,tr..i a . vV.''If&:&z1:VS-3t "?, rJtn1 HE BOURBON NEWS, fyRIS, KENTUCKY. OCTOfeBER 24; 1913.$TRUSTEES APPOINTED.MMMLestA BRONCHIAL COVCtSEis wearing and dangerous because the inflamed,mucus-filled tubes interfere with breathing and thefresh air passes through that unhealthy tissue.Probably no other remedy affords sucli promptand permanent relief as Scott's Emulsion; itchecks the cough, healsthe linings of the throatand bronchial tubes and strengthens the lungs toavert tuberculosis. This point cannot be emphasized too strongly that Scott's Emulsion hasbeen suppressing bronchitis for" forty years andwill help yOUmBe careful to avoid substitutes and insist on SCOTT'S.wiflAT ANY DRUG STORE.13-77fcHP-MWIiM W.MSHUMC, E. BUTLER & CO.:Special Sale!Having bought too heavy and not havingenough i;oom, we are offering-to the public, atspecial low prices the following items:Trunks of all Sizes and GradesSuit Cases of AH GradesComforts, Blankets, Rugs and. DruggetsAnd many other things too numerous tomention.J. ELVOVEParis, Kentucky"Our Call Home Phone 360Save the Difference!Why throw away your coal range when you canhave it exchanged for natural gas range. We dothis. And-we handle nothing but the best rangesand heaters Clark Jewel and Wilson. They areguaranteed to consume less fuel than any stoves.made. The Clark Jewel has no competition as abaker and cooker. The Wilson heaters give moreheat than any stove ever sold.We carry the largest line of Gas Fixtures, Heaters, Ranges and Gas Grates of any firm in Lexington.We save you from 25 to 50 per cent, on anythingin the gas line. We own our own business house andhave no rent to pay, therefore can undersell the otherfellow and make as much profit as the man who is inthe high rentdistrict See us before you make anyZ purchases and you will realize why our motto ist SAVE THE DIFFERENCE.I GEO. PAYINE,2 IN. Broadway, Lexington, Ky.Between Main and ShortBrass Grates, $6.00The Kind that Sells Everywhere From$8.00to$12.00isTo AdministeY the $3,000,000 TrustFund Left By rs. Eddy.The final act in the prolonged litigation over the will of the late Mrs.Mary Baker G. Eddy was the appointment by Judge Charles R.t Corning in the Merrimack County 'Courtof Probate at Concord, N. H., of trustees to administer the three milliondollar fund which Mra. Eddy left forthe promotion and extension of thedoctrines of Christian -Science astaught by her.The trustees appointed are Archibald MacLelland, Allison V. Stewart,John V. Dittemore, Adam 1 Dickeyand James A. Neal, who constitutethe Board jf Directors of the ThirstChurch of Christ, Scientists, in Boston, and Josiah E. Fernaldof Concord, a banker, who "lias been tnepractical custodian of Mrs. Eddy's estate since the ""establishment of thistrust in 1907; the court thus choosingas trustees men in whom Mrs. Eddyduring her lifetime reposed confidence. ( 'WASHINGTON PORTRAITBelieved to Be the Genuin:Stuart Painting.GilbertOn the wall of a dimly-lighted frontroom in a dilapidated frame houseon Orange Avenue, Cleveland, 0.,hangs a- time-worn painting of GeorgeWashington, which may prove to beworth many thousands of dollars.To the layman it looks like a oncefine portrait, with its days of ornamentation nearly ended, but by theinitiated in art it is believed to be agenuine Gilbert Stuart the only onestill unaccounted for. The last GilbertStuart discovered brought $16,000 ayear ago in Philadelphia.John P. Mc&ale, a dealer tin antiques, is the owner of the Clevelandpainting. "I picked the painting upsix years ago," said McHale. "Inmy mind there is no doubt about itsgenuineness. I am waiting for Director Kent, of the Metropolitan Museum in New York, who is coming"here to pass judgment on it'Popularity consists mainly of allowing yourself to be bored once in awhile. Life.A GENTLE ANDEFFECTIVE LAXATIVE.A mild, gentle and effective laxative is what people demand when suffering from constipation. Thousandsswear by Dr. King's New Life Pills.Hugh Tallman, of San Antonio, Tex.,writes: "They are beyond questionthe best pills my wife and I have evertaken." ' They never cause pain.Price 25c. at druggists or by mail.H. E. Bucklen & Co., Philadelphia orSt. Louis (adv)(Oct) , -International Jewelry Workers' Union is preparing for the inaugurationof a campaign of organization.vi ll UU 1 1 li(l xarErfefcfeJipPlHBoBBVBBFall OpeninOFGas and Coal Stoves;Heaters and Ranges.In Our Showing of Gas Ranges and FHeaters, We Lead Them All.Let Us Show You.v-A Bigger Stock, A Better Stove-A Little Show Will ' Convince, You that' We Are Eight Get'." tjwSAFETY LIGHTThe new process in the Visible Gas Rangewith Broiler Pan and Dirt, Pan, White .EnameledFinish. All Doors White Enamel.Let Us Show You One, of Our6-Room Heatersand Cart , be Run Much Cheaper Than One Grateand is Guaranteed to Heat 6 Rooms.We Can Save You Workand MoneyAll Ranges and Heatersx Are Made and Constructed ofWellsville Polished-V-4P " '' ' Li. J-te gMMMFBJgggK,,. "If ufff Smfflj j lffffffl IB"1 -T--s-mtBEWARE OF OINTMENTS FOR CATARRH THAT CONTAIN MERCURY, vAs mercury will surely destroy thesense of smell and completely derange the whole system when entering it through the mucous surfaces.Such articles should never be used except on prescriptions from reputablephysicians, as the damage they willdo is tenfold to the good youcan possibly derive from them Hall's Catarrh Cure, manufactured by F. J.Cheney & Co., Toleao, O., contains nomercury and is taken internally, acting directly upon the blood and mucous surfaces of the system. In buying Hall's Catarrh Cure be sure youget the genuine- It is taken internally and made in Toledo, Ohio, by F.F. J. Cheney & Co. Testimonialsfree.Sold by druggists. Prico 75c. perbottle.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (adv.(Oct.)19ftO9r "Steele.NThis Small Heater is Porcelain, Enamel and, Nickel Trimmed. -LetUs Show You. All Stoves Connected up FREE readfor Use.A. P. Wheeler Furniture Co.Main StreetChaSi Green, IVI'r.Opp. Court House4oeascces mmoBUCK FREEMANFirst- Class Barber Shop.. .Three Expect Artists; NoWaits.Hot and ColdBaths.Main t. - Opp. Court HouseTry Buck's Coal Oil Shampoo.The University of Oxfordreputation, of having beenby King Alfred in 1782.has thefoundedCHRONIC DYSPEPSIAThe following unsolicited testimonial should certainly be sufficient togive hope and courage to persons afflicted with chronic dyspepsia: "Ihave been a chronicm dyspeptic foryears, and of all the medicine I havetaken, Chamberlain's Tablets havedone me more good than anything"else," says W. G. Mattison, No. 7Sherman street, Hornellsville, N. Y.For sale by all dealers. (adv)(Oct.)perMLWG60t. Mo to $100,000VW. KING & SON,125 Cheapsids. texington, KyNOTICE Our representative will be in Paris Tuesday Jand Friday of each week. Drop us a card and he willcall upon you. . -wm1'GEO. W. DA VISFPNEIAL DIRKT0K ity? IiCENSEI SIBBOTHTPHOHMS DAX 137;WIGHT S.IMWdlisfei2 JAMALCAMATEDARC '-5I3js' j ROOFING J -CANCER CUREDI guarantee every case I undertake; 20 years practice; ref-erence, any citizen of Paris.5DR. WM. R. SMITH,' Paris, Ky.:'- tt".,'bethcr the thermometerrls:eio j aoove or 25 below zero,-J-w.ss.Pjtc RMhiQi't bo affected a nar&cle.Mite .:i Cl z?-'-' aJn r'Vs" crN valleys of'. :.3 t'n to cover:d ATJ r.OOFJNGl'3 Pt.frt Roofing,l;n Ligherfiian'rt5-jr.c tJ'e moneyr.tS'Tai,iorj.J'lMG CO.SoW by Millersburg Coal and1 Lumbre Ga,- rVfiftersburs, Ky,Special Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther NoticeKindness, courtesy and punctuality,iEndeavor we to give you.Less money, good quality,Long weight; and any $ - 'Encouragement we appreciate.Ring 7v15 and 106 and we will'Send your order and our thanks.. .Keller Grocery CompanyjWe payl21-2c for greenbeef hides. Call usupor -bring it to our place.MAX MLNICK,8th Street, , f VPABIS, KGall East. Tenn. hone 374VPILES! PILES! PILESWltuAMS INDIAN PILE OINTMETWill cure Blind, Bleeding an Itchimg PnIt absorbs the tumors, allays itching at onacts as a- poultice, glvea iastaa relief.For sale by all druggists, vail 59c asd tlt. Oberferfer, Druggiif, Paris, rrSpot Cash for CreamButter Fat for Week Ending (October 26, 32cSell your cream to the Tjri State Butter Co.; Cincinnati, O., tkCreamery that put poor old Elgin down and out, so far as prices is comcerned. Our price week -ending Oct. 19th being 32c.The TriEtate is not an experiment, but is a . RESPONSIBLE andSAFE and PERMANENT Creamery with 6,000 shippers in three States-5-anda capital stock of $75,000 paying Spot Cash for every shipment.The keynote of our business policy has been to establish a reputation of absolute responsibility and integrity in every transaction. Thesecurity of our SAFE AND PERMANETN market gives the snipper &feeling- of relief and satisfaction not only to-day, but EVERY TIME he-ships. The Tri State shipper is always sure of his money and sure hisTri State check covers the real value of his cream.It is easy to ship' cream to the Tri State, as we use the- sour crea,simply sending a can once jor twice aweek, depending upon your facilitiesfor keeping it cool. ' " 'Free cans for thirty days' trial are sent prepaid upon request, or if J? ,there is any further information desired, write us at once. "The Tri State Butter Co., Cincinnati, Ogai.Stock 9759OQOts- Knm f wmr i wmWTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS; KENTUCKY, OCTOBER 24, 1913j!:tv".f 'i ' fee!y, "sxfefr;-A cr!fe iI lrl '.r!' 'It -"f,K OF MILLERSBURGMiss Ellen Clarke visited friendsjn Paris Monday.Miss Mamie Lynum, of Paris, arrived Saturday as the guest of Miss,Nora Foster.Vr-Mrs. W. G. McClintock, of Paris,was the- guest of "her mother, Mrs. M.Rf Collier, Tuesday.The first snow of the season fellhere -.Tuesday morning. The housetops were covered.Mr. and Mrs. Reese Clarke, ofMason county, are the guests of Mr.and Mrs. P. B. Ingels.Miss Etta Duchemin, of Cincinnati, arrived Monday a"s the guest ofher cousin, Mrs. J. Clarke LeerMiss Frances Burroughs left onTuesday for a visit of several weeksto Miss Nora Ttucker, in Cincinnati.Mrs. W. H. Duncan, of Berea, istheguest of her husband at the Mitchell House. Mr. Mitchell is one of ther brick contractors on the colored M.E. church.Mr. E. E. Wyatt, one of the brickcontractors on the new colored M. E.church, was1 called to his home atBerea, Monday, on account of thecritical illness of his father.Mr. and Mrs. R. R. Johnson havetaken board at the Mitchell Housefor the winter. Mr. Johnson represents the Modern Brotherhood ofAmerica, a fraternal benefit society.It is the purpose of Mr and Mrs Johnson to organize a lodge here, and theyhave already begun work with thisobject in view.Among the out of town guests,wereMesdames C. W. Conrad, Jno..'Marsliall, Lexington; Sam Stoffer, I.J). Best, Cynthiana; Gaines Dudley,Carlisle; Louis Rogers, North Middletorn. Tea, sandwiches, mints, icecream and cakes was served duringthe time. It was an event enjoyed byall present and will be long remembered. I have just opened a meat market on the northeast corner of Sixthand Main streets. All kinds of freshmeats at the lowest prices. Goodmeat guaranteed and prompt delivery. Call over either phone. Homephone No. 3; Cumberland No. 24.PRESTON HICKS.(24-4t)T-Mrs. Thomas McClintock received' 'a telegram Tuesday afternoon announcing the death of her sister, Mrs.Oscar McClintock, at Kansas City,Mo. The funeral took place Thursdayafternoon at that city. Mrs McClintock was Miss Jennie Griffith, andel, with Mr. Maclnnes Neilson as lecturer. The opening portion pf his lecture was made up of a song recital,and in all his work he was exceedjngnly good. The course this year consists of fi venumbers. Anyone desiring tickets can get1 the same by applying to Miss Long at the College.If the four remaining numbers are aspleasing as the one we have just listened to there should not be a vacant seat in .the chapel hereafter.Mrih D. S. Parker, of Paris, is theguest of Mrs. E. E. Hawkins.Mr. A. S. Miller, who hos beenquite ill with typhoid fever, is improving. Mr. Samuel Ardery, of near Millersburg,v and Miss Nora Fisher , ofFalmoutli, were united in marriageyesterday afternoon at the home ofthe bride, in the latter city, They returned to the home of Mr. Ardery last'night, where they were tendered a,rception by a number of their frieuds.Among the guests were Misses Ruthand Lois Ardery, of Cynthiana, , sisters of the groom.Mr. James Smitli, aged nearly83, died at his home at 7:20 a. m.Wednesday, on the Hooktown pike,after an illness of two weeks fromparalysis. Mr. v Smith was a prominent farmer and had resided in theneighborhood in which he died thegreater part of his life. He was"twice married and is survived by hissecond wife. His first wife was MissKennedy, of the Mt. Carmel neighborhood. He was the father of threechildren by this wife, two daughters,Misses Ella and Anna Smith, and oneson, Jas. K. Smith, all of whom areunmarried and reside at home. Hissecond, wife was Mrs. Geo. Taylor,Sr.. Mr. Smith has always been adelicate man, and his life was muchlonger than his friends of, formeryears thought it would be. He" wasan active member of the Indian CreekChristian church, and also a memberof Craycraft lodge F. & A. M. Thefuneral will take place today at 10 a.m., at his late 'residence, ' conductedby his pastor, Elder D. R. Jones. Interment in the Millersburg cemeteryunder the auspices of Craycraftlodge F. & A. M.The crowning social event of theseason so far was the reception givenby Mrs. W. D. Mclntyre at her beautiful home on North Main street.Intyre was assisted in " entertainingby Mrs. J. T. Jefferson, Miss Ruth McClintock, Miss Mattie McIntyreJMissCaroline Mclntyre, Mrs. ArthurBest,Mrs. Chas. Martin, Mrs. Letto iVi-rnrmf- Mrs Tnhn Mnrr wU.WUW, -...-.. W ..-..- THEATRICAL.Iftf n roSi-"STARTING LIFE EASY," SAVs "WRITER OF PLAYS.Clara Lipman, .who, with SamuelShipman, has written the new comedyof modern life, called "Children ofToday," in which Mr. Louis Mann willappear at the Ben Ali Theatre, in Lexington, Monday, Oct. 27, does not believe in treating vital subjects too lugubriously. "Life is an extremely serious thingand I do not mean to say ttiat it oughtto be looked upon with trifling eyesby any means," she added, the otherday. "But I do think any great, potent idea ought to be presented to thepublic in a sympathetic manner andwith as light a touch as it is possibleto give such things."You know," she went .on, "it isvery easy to write seriously. Thereis no special difficulty in making people weep in the theatre. Take, for instance this subject of the youngergeneration. It istlie most vital subject of the moment in America. TheAmerican children have no youthwhatever. The times are such, thatthey are born with complete knowledge. They come forth into a worldof science, electricity, wireless, mechanical toys and dear Heaven knowswhat eles besides. They do not knowhow to play, and as a result of' allthey have the most decided ideasabout everything under the sun. Tellme, what is going to be the remedyfor this?"I know how it wasLease. My wonderfullong before her time,weighted down withquestions that are the topics of themoment nowadays, and she had noone to pour out her thoughts to butme. She did this unconsciously, perhaps, but she placed a great weightupon my shoulders and so for manyyears, when I suddenly realized whatTuesday from 2 to 5 p. m., in honor of life was, I was extremely unhappy.Mrs. TJ. S. G. Pepper, who is soon toremove to Huntington, W. Va., to reside, and Mrs. Katherine Hodge, ofHenderson, Ga., a cousin of Mrs. Mclntyre. More than one hundred invitations were issued, most of whichwere responded to. It was an eventij xt:iiv...- Cl it?wa iaibeuue.il .inxeif uui&. oc - J which had been looked forward to fora sister ot Mesaames rnomas jucouh- mnra f, 0 ma. . , .. , .Sallif'.J?ungr nation. The beautiful home wasrock, Simpson Butlerand Misses Sue and Emma Griffith, The Ladies' Aid Society of the-Methodist church held an all-daymeeting with Mrs. E. W. Ammerman,Wednesday, and the Aid Society ofthe Christian church held a similarraeeting with Mrs. E. Wilson, the occasion of the latter being on accountof Mrs. TJ. S. G. Pepper, who is the"president of the Society severing herconnection with it, as she is soon togo to Huntington, W. Va., to live. Interesting programs were rendered atboth meetings and delightful luncheswere served.The Lyceum Course opened onWednesday night at the M. F. C. chap-&$r&Mk'fidarkened and softly illuminated byelectric lights. Chrysanthemums andother cut flowers formed the decorations, and were in profusion throughout the home.The color scheme waspfnk and white, which was charmingly carried ut. The guests were received at the front door by Miss Caroline Mclntyre, daughter of the hostess, and were ushered into the presence of the receiving line, which occupied a position in the front parlor,and was composed of Mrs. W. D. Mclntyre, in tan charmeuse, Mrs. Katherine Hodge, gowned in black meteor,with hand lace, Mrs. Allen Honkins., of Carlisle, wedding gown. Mrs. Mc-rn my ownmother livedShe was wellall sorts ofMATRIMONIIrn"Of course, that is a thing of thepast, for I know life now, and havesome poise and a point of view, but Icould see so much unhappines allabout me in the younger generationthat I could write the most seriouskind of a play about it. But if I ptfton such a play it would probably lastabout two weeks, if it lasted thatlong."Order seats now from George M.Kiser. Telephones No.- 124. Interurban cars are held at the corner ofMain and Limestone streets until after the performance.SOLE AGENTS.the cele-heaters.We are sole agents forbrated Wilson natural - gasNothing better and our prices are allright. Come in and see them.(24-4t) LOWRY & TALBOTT.M. J. Carr, of St. Paul, 'has spentthirty years studying the bird lifeof Minnesota.mmbA oTKJE2 UJ. X-JJCiXtUplJiN. J JSOne of the most elaborate home'weddings that has oc$rreffHp.n Sc6jttcounty for some time wasfie wfiuldhmWednesday which unit-eT bn.e c 'of ?tsmost popular young girls1," Miss SueFord Offutt, 'to one of Bourbon county's most popular young men, Mr. William Kenney Ferguson."Maplehurst," the home of Mr. andMrs. Reuben Ford Offutt, was thescene of the wedding and was handsome throughout with added beautyof decorations of graceful palms andferns, with vases here and there ofwhite chrysanthemums. A harpistplayed lovely music and Mrs. WilliamC. Ware sang Sweetly "I Love YouTruly," and "My Dear," during theassembling of the guests.Promptly at the appointed time thewedding procession was announcedby the strains of Lohengrin's Chorus.First came two of the groomsmen,Mr. Webb Offutt, of New York, brother of the bride, and'Mr. Charlton Clay,entering from the library through thehall into the drawing room where "theceremony was said. Each of the.bridesmaids came in alone, Miss Caroline Roseberry, and then Miss Cornelia Blackburn. Next came twogroomsmen, Mr. Hugh Ferguson andMiv Charles Ferguson, who were followed by Miss Martha Ferguson, ofParis.The. bridesmaids' gowns were lovely creations of delicate green charmeuse with overdress of shadow lawn,trimming of silver lace. As in "yeolden times"each maid carried bouquets of French rosebuds in holders.Mrs. Wallace Howe, of Torrent, as"dame of honor, came next, beautifullygowned in green crepe meteor combined with white chiffon embroideredin gold.Following the dame of honor wasthe groom with his best man, Mr.Robert Ferguson. The bride, on thearm of her father, was beautiful in arobe of white satin, trimmed in rarerose point lace. The gown made witlicourt train. The veil was -formed ina becoming cap caught up with orange blossoms. Her only ornamentwas a diamond and pearl lavaUiere,the gift of the groom. 'The bride's mother was handsomein a black lace gown over blackcharmeuse, while Mrs. Ferguson wasbeautiful in a becoming gown ofdainty pink charmeuse with overdressof lade.Mr. and Mrs. William Kenney Ferguson left immediately in their carfor ashort wedding journey, afterwhich they will be at home to theirfriends in a lovely home on Pleasantstreet;.The presents were exquisite andalmost entirely in silver.Among those from Paris who attended the wedding were Mr. and MrsJ. W. Ferguson, Mrs. Susie Pigg, Mr.and Mrs. J. H. Thompson, Mr. andMrs. J. M. Hall, Mr. and Mrs. William C. Ferguson, Mr. and Mrs. V. W.Ferguson, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Ferguson, Mr. and Mrs. Edward Prichard Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Kenney,Mr. and Mrs. Walter Kenney, Mrs.Matthew Kenney, Mr. and Mrs. Chas.A. Webber.OCTOBER 28I99iiTsai..,Is the Date on which NaturalGas will be Turned IntoOur Mains..Have your house piped and service.laid before bad weather sets in,,- , We have a multitude of details toattend to, and you will greatly oblige' us and facilitate matters by calling at -c' our office and signing. contract.NATURAL GASIs the fuel you will eventually useNow is the time to begin. '! Paris Gas & Electric Co. 1IncorporatediIGREATERHAN EVERil lwmwirn iinrrviMiin in ran r i i-""' , , s iUglj jg . HDVi ' - "'' Ji? TpTi ,- lIf yoifd rattier depjaGG theftuK" 7 Ob a m TH Vt "W 'M ". L- rt , 1 "I -.Virginia Keel tfeanMeT l?o'Srit's all the same to ihe Victrclaasa an uie same 10 .ine vic:rc:a. . . ,It -is right there with the oidcr-riyla dindf i'well as the very latest Turkey Trots, Tar.g5,a and One-Steps.j,And no matter what kind of dances you prcfdSSBib,"you'll find them played perfectly loud, .clear, andLv !rperfect dance time. . -f !Come in and hear some of the splendi-l dance muic ar 1 ht us r3o' f ,"you the different styles of the Vktrolns $15 to $200. Victors 10' to -$100. Easy terms can be arranged if desired. fTiie Best Made stioes at Bargains Greater man-Ever.We cannot fully impress upon you the magnitude of the great values"UT aa rvt-favirr rvSATURDAY AND NEXT WEEKShoes for men, women and children, for all occasions, at, prices thatagain prove we are greatest bargain house in the county: A," s V tSOME OF THE VALUES.Daugherty Bros.iprV:'--hV-UiHPvrCJ&TAKES OFF DANDRUFFHAIR STOPS FAULINGOSfc.Ladies' Cloth Top in Patent and GunLadies' Suede English Toe '.Ladies' Tan BuckLadies' Tan English Toe .....-...Ladies1 Patent and Gun ButtonLadies' Low HeelBaby Doll in Gun Metal and Patents.2.492.492.993.492.991.991.99Men?s English Toe in W.-O !... $4.00Men's Tan Shoes, Button- and Lace in W.-0 4.00Men's Tan Shoes, Button and Lace:....:?... ....... 2.99Men's Tan Shoes, Viscol Sole . 3.50Men's Box Calf i :....: 1 2.99Men's Gun Metal, Button and Lace ..!....:: 1.99Men's Pantent, Button and Lace :. 2.49Girlel.Try This! Makes Your HairThick, Glossy, Fluffy, Beautiful.Within ten minutes after an application of Danderine you cannot find asingle trace of dandruff or falling hairand your scalp will not itch but whatwill please you most will be after a(few weeks' use, when you see newhair, fine and: downy at first yesDut ra,lly new hair growing all overthe scalp.A little Danderine immediatfilvdoubles the beauty of vour hair. Nodifference how dull, faded, brittle orscraggy, just moisten a cloth withDanderine and carefully draw itthrough your hair, taking one smallstrand at a time. The effect isamazmg your hair will be light,fluffy and wavy, and have an appearance of abundance: an incomuarahlftlustre, softess and luxuriance.Get a bottle of Knowlton's Danderine from any drug store or toilet counter, and Drove that vour 'hair is aspretty and as soft as any that it hasbeen neglected or injured by carelesstreatment that!s all you surely canhave beautiful hair and lots of it ifyou will just try a little Danderine.(adv)V - - -V-iPaper insulation on 'exposed electric wires ha$ withstood twenty- 'thr6e years' - service.KENTUCKY THIRD STATE ONCOAL PRODUCERS' LIST.Kentucky was the third State to enter the list of "regular coal producers" according to a statement of theGovernment Geological Survey reviewing the history of coal production in this country, issued recently.An early report of the Kentucky Geological Survey, published in 1838,- isquoted, and it is shown that the firstcoal produced in Kenlucky was minedin 1827 on the "right side of the4 Cumberland river below the month nf t..rel."They Prevent Colds.Avoid chilly rooms in the morning by using Cole's Hot Blast Heaters. They prevent colds and sickness.Rubbers of All Kinds and Descriptions.Satisfaction Garanteed by the Old Reliable House,Sce'Us ForHallowe'en Goods ISpecial Granite wareSale Saturday at-at 2:30 p. m.Notice of Application ForPardon.Notice is hereby given that application will be made to the State Pardoning Board at its regular meetingon Tuesday, Nov. 'A, for a pardon farChas. Kelly, convicted in the. Bourbon Circuit Gourt-or manslaughter,and sentenced td a Herm in the StateReformatory. Any objections togranting the pardon must be filewith the State Pardoning Board . inwriting or in person on or before thatdate.' J. Q. WARD.N(24-3t)l!HMM;MOne application soothes and heals a rooe-hniinnlvwlffn rA mtinfA4u1 ?iljlAdrta cure. Eczema. Ervsioelas. Tetter. Ulcers andall skin diseases yield to its curative properties.4f409C a 0px. At mm uruggists.Send for free sample and book. "Heahfc and Beaoty.'CJOHHSTOM. HOU.OWAY & CO..National 5 and 10c Store173tptMctanlMSt.,. 'jfc!fvl4-inilJftmmm l.W -una. J3argXD-A.3ST C O H E NJW--':.". ' . .. l? Q: - ' w" - , . - ' " , Wi ' .' I