BOURBON9pNEWSI lilL1 T"PUBLISHED EVFBY TUESDAY AND PBIDAY IN THE YEAB-3VOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, OCT. 21, 1913.Lri"WE KNOW HOW"V-MEllCHURCHDEDICATED.iAlvin Silver PlateIs Made in But OneQualityTHE VERY BESTSee the George, WashingtonPattern in Our WindowfFLOURLancaster Pride.The Best Flour For Less Money.Try a Sack and if Not Satisfactory weWill Refund Your IVf oney, as We1 Guarantee Every Sack.2o lbs. Lancaster Pride Flour $ .SO50 lbs. Lancaster Pride flour T .oU100 lbs. Lancaster Pride Flour 3.10The best Northern Potatoes, per pk 30c(These are fancy white stock)Sweet Potatoes, per pk 35cCabbage, nice solid heads, per lb 3cDried Sliced Beef in glass jars 20c(Regular 25c value)Stone's Wrapped Cakes Received Fresh Everv Day.Both 'Phones 234T r I FNIH1IUTT n,,,AMm casti urocery; mVm These Chilly Mornings geCall For Coat Sweatersm?s. a&& wr tt . t . o f , IT T-SSrfsps: ' w Ma7o s iTfpar i .tip. rn reierr rrom. s&s,VJ .. - -333 -' i4"!' ZJ&iZajV3F rfce d215lLMen's at $1.00. $1.50. $3.00. $3.50. $5.00, Sm- sbss' $7.00, $8.00 IS1& sy?KAztm . ...... . . 53Bovs' All-Wool at $1.00, &1.5U, Z.UU; wmaernNice ones at 50c ssra3s$Knvs and IVIen s . I v .Swearers. 3I &&, , T1 v v ,T n im hn i .5vTi5l -Rfe rSoys and Men s Jersey Sweaters $ i.DU,qz.DU $m2&2& nnirr o r r IvkSaa 3M rKhr.Vh h J K'SIg$ and rurnishers 3iil;imrKMHSHSKSaeginm &i9r39K ZWieiK'SHK 3&3EI ?& ' 3-"JiS 2SBE 3?fc &SHANDSOME NEW EDIFICE FORMALLY OPENED.- WITH.. APPROPRIATE EXERCISESSUNDAY.ELDER W. E. ELLIS PREACHESTHE DEDICATORY SERMON, ifaThe Time to ThinkAbout Your FallClothes is HereLARGE CROWD ATTENDS THE EXERCISES WHICH WERE FITTINGLY CARRIED OUT.s3$iPjtIn the presence of one of the largest crowds that ever assembled on alike occasion, the handosm enewChristian Church at North Middletownwas dedicated Sunday with appropriate exercises. The occasion markeda new epoch in the church history ofthat community which dates back almost a hundred years.The day of the dedication of theedifice had been anticipated by' thepeople of North Middletown for several months, but not until the mostminute detail of the building andfurnishing had been completed andevery cent of the cost fully met, werethey ready to extend an invitation tothe people of the county to the formal opening of the new temple ofworship.Preparations had been under wayfor more than a week looking to thedate of the dedication, and 'provisionhad been made for two thousand whowere expected to be in attendance.Cold, disagreeable weather, however,reduced the attendance several hundred, but notwithstanding this a largenumber of people from North Middletown and surrounding country assembled at the church at 10:30, andthe auditorium was packed to overflowing. The well-arranged program wascarried out in tl.e most minute detail.The opening number was the organvoluntary by Miss Carter, k skilledorganist from Cincinnati, who gaveher services for the occasion. ElderJohn Christopherson, pastor of thechurch, and also president of the Kentucky Classical and Business Collegeat North Middletown, had charge ofthe exercises and announced theopening hymn "Holy, Holy, Holy,Lord God Almighty," which was sungby the, choir and congregation. Elder Christopherson then read appropriate Scripture lessons from the 84thPsalm and the 29th chapter of FirstChronicles.This was followed by prayer by thevenerable Elder L. H. Reynolds, whofor many years was the beloved pas-tor of the church, but who, by reasonof advancing age, has retired from active church work.An anthem, "Seek Ye the LordWhile He is Near," was rendered bythe choir, with solo and solo objigatoby Miss Hawkins, teacher of music atthe K. C. B. College.Then followed the statement of theBuilding Committee, -H. C . Smith,chairman; John B. Collins, secreatry;John J. Redmon, John S. Talbott, andDr. D. L. Henry. The statement wasvoiced by Judge Smith. ' "The HolyCity" was then sung by Mr. H. S.Redmon.Elder W. E. Ellis, pastor of theParis' Christian church, followed withthe dedicatory sermon.The dedicatory prayer was offeredby Elder J. W. Ligon, who was also abeloved pastor of the old church forseveral years. The congregationstood with bowed heads while ElderLigon in his eloquent prayer askedthe Divine blessing upon the newtemple of worship.' The invitation hymn, "I Hear ThyWelcome Voice," followed, and as prepreparatory to the communion service"Thou Art My Shepherd," was sung.Judge H. C. Smith, one of the elders of the church, officiated at thetable, Elder Carl Agee, pastor of theLittle Rock church, offering thanksfor the loaf and Elder Christophersonfor the cup. Twelve " deacons waitedupon the congregation. During thecommunion Miss Carter played "Nearer, My God, to Thee."The closing prayer was made byMr. Netwton Shropshire, the doxology was sung, and the impressive service was closed.Upon an adjournment an .elegantand bountiful lunch was served inthe old church building which is verynear the new one. Provisions wasmade to feed three hundred and fiftyat a time, and the room was filledseveral times.The young women and young menof the church served as waiters.Committees of older members, menand women, were kept busy carvingand pouring coffee and superintending. In the afternoon, beginning at 2:30the following program was carriedout:Organ number Miss Carter.Anthem Choir.Devotional service Elder John.Christopherson.Duet Messrs. H. S. and WilliamRedmon.Address Elder J. W. McNeill, pastor of the church at Winchester.Solo Miss Hawkins.Address Elder J. W. Ligon.Doxolgy.Benediction.In the evening at 7:30 the pastor,Elder Christopherson, preached qnthe subject, "The Church, the Familyof God."The church building which wascommenced in. August, ""1,912, is oneof the most attractive and imposingIf -Copyriebt. 1911.TTAND when you begin tostudy as to where youare going to buy that Suitor Overcoat, remember thatMitchell & Blakemore's storeis the place to come first.Our line of Stein Bloch andHersh-Wickwire's Suits andOvercoats arc surpassed bynone. In this store you willfind Clothes that are tailoredright, have that artistic touch in the designing lhat otherReady-to-Wear Suits have not. All the new shades andweaves. -The two-tone Basket weave, Keltic cloth inGreys, Brown and the neat hair line stripes can be found "here in styles to please the young man, as well as theconservative buyer of Clothes.Stetson Velour Hatf, the best hats in the world' onsale now.Mitchell & Blakemore,iOutfitters to MenParis, KentuckyafiKti&mmwmwmmWwvwvw:!2v ilffilIIIIllll!IIIIJjnilIIMllJiIIIIIII!!IiIIIMUIII!lllllI!li' 'NCf yy 51 iMt .1riiiinjiisijwijmiinmnuiJMiiiimiiiiiiiiiimiiimiiH"f)FRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.j --rS55W sss235AnnounceNow Ready For Your InspectionNew Fall and Winter StylesInLadies', Misses' and Junior's,Suits, Cloaks, DressesSilk and Evening Dresses, Evening Wraps and Coats 'Silk and Crepe KimonasJSeparate Skirts in Variety of Styles&-Millinery at Popular PricesCome in and Look AroundFRANK oc CO.,&tyiMHmiinmr:wmmmmmQmfflHimiiiiniijjiHftaiiiumimiMmiiutmHOT&mn9umnImiiVUtwe5n' P T - - ...... - .. -.- --- -.- .- m.. - -"- - -- -. - -THE-BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCTOBBER 21, -1913Ix.IJ1 !iD.D.D. In Hospitals;Standard Skin CureHow many hospital patients, suffering-the friffhtful itch, the raw scorching pain of skin disease, have beensoothed to sleep by a soothing- fluid-washed in by the nurse's hands?That fluid is the famous D. D. D.prescription for eczema.T3CE ETJTEWISTKG tH UKtil! of oneof our prominent Catholic institutions(name of nurse and institute on application), writes regarding a patient."The disease had eaten her eyebrows-away. Her nose and lips had becomedisfigured. Since the use of TX. D. D.her eyebrows are growing, her noseind face have assumed their naturalexpression,"How many eczema sufferers are paying their doctors for regular treatment and are being treated with this.same soothing1, healing fluid?2K. GEO. T. XZCZASSS027 franklywrites "D. D. D. is superior to anything I have ever found. Soft andsoothing, yet a powerful agent."To do the work, D. r. IX Prescription must be applied according' todirections given In the pamphletaround every 4ottle. Follow these directions and see!And it certainly takes away the itchat once the moment the liquid is applied. The skin is soothed calmedso thoroughly refreshed delightfullycooled. 'All druggists of standing" 'have thefamous specific as well as the efficientD. D. D. Skin Soap.But we are so confident of the merits of this prescription that we willrefund the purchase price of the firstfull size bottle if it fails to reach,your case. You alone are to judge.ANNOUNCEMENT !Cfte Parjs Rente Celepbone and CeKgrapb go.A Kentucky corporation, has purchased the property and plant ofthe Bourbon County Home Telephone Company, and will continuethe business as an Independent Telephone Company, connecting'with Independent Toll Lines and over 100,000 Home TelephoneSubscribers in Kentucky.The business of the Company will be under the direct supervision of J. J. Veatch, District Manager. New cable is being installed, open wire removed, and modern, up-to-date, central en' ergy service will be provided for our subscribers.Call contract department and order your telephone now.(Incorporated)BjflwirjrjJHSjs&&$9$jvrtBourbon Laundry;DWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.fc&(I)West 5 Street WVWe Take Pleasure.in "ring up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fc fine work and it'dever goes bnck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.V!IThe Best in the WorldThe Higgin Ail-MetalScreens,The Higgin All-MetalWeather Strip.Distributors of the Walger NewcTVIodel AwningThe Best Awning Ever Put UpSuitable For Residences, Office and Hotel Buildings,School Houses, Etc.Some of Our Customers in Paris MassieHospital, A.J. Winters, Geo. Alexander, N. F. Brent, J. W. Davis,Deposit Bank, T. H. Clay, Mitchell & Blakemore and dozens of others.Our Sales Agents will gladly furnish an estimate foryou. Get the Higgin service and be satisfied.Screens bought now for future delivery are jnade at 2cents per square foot cherper.T. A. Hendricks,Sales AgentPhone 2585 Lexington, Ky.23-sept-tfThe Bourbon NewsEstablished 1881 32 Years of Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Published Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.PROMISE OF RELIEF FROMRAVAGES OF SAN JOSE SCALE.For a numebr of years the destruction and threats of destruction bythis imported pest have hung like apall over the fruit growing and nursery business of this country, discouraging and thwarting, increasing expenses and reducing profits until thevery name of San Jose scale has become a sort of nightmare to the menwho produce fruit for the market.In spite of all that has been done toprevent, this scale has spread steadily, and has now completely occupiedabout all the best fruit growing territory of the United States. Fruitgrowers have never had to deal witha pest so difficult to suppress and sogenerally and constantly destructiveto all deciduous tree fruits since fruitgrowing became a business in America. A beam of light is thrown on thissomewhat gloomy situation by theappearance recently of small insectparasites that bid fair to vheck theinjuries of San Jose scale and to render the work of keeping orchardlsand nurseries in good conditio muchless difficult.,These parasites havebee reared during the past ummer innumber in the Division of Entomol-gy and Botany of the Kentucky Ex-eriment Station at Lexington.hris ew friend is a mere yellowpeck, hardly recognizzable as an inect except by its movements, yet it ishighly-organized, four-winged fly,elonging to the same group of insects as the honey bee. Its young, asmall white grub, lives within thebodies of the scale insect, and numbers of the scales from trees aroundLexington, Barbourville, Pineville andelsewhere in Eastern Kentucky, maybe see to have a round hole in theback through which the natural parasite has emerged. Trees recentlythickly covered with scale and apparently doomed, have shown a decidedrelief from the injury this season asa result of the benificent work ofthese small flies.At the request of the Illinois StateEntomologist a package of the parasites has just been sent to that Statewith a view of establishing the parasite there. Eventually it is hoped itcan be made to occupy all the regioninvaded by the scale.Several other enemies of the scaleare under observation at the Station,one of them, the grub of a smallblack lady beetle, having done onsome trees as good work in reducingthe scale as its minute associate. Aneffort will be made later to distributethese insects to sections of the Statewhere they are not now at present.THE CONSERVATION MOVEMENTThrough an announcement jmadeat Washington it became known thatthe National Conservation Congresshas arranged to establish an organization in every state for the first timein the history of the Conservationmovement. The State organizationsjare to be under the direction of theCongress, and are being formed under a policy that will give powerfulimpetus to the work of the nationalbody. Plans have been made for nation-wideactivity by the State organizations prior to the fifth sessionof the Congress, which is called tomeet in Washington, November 18,19 and 20.Through the machinery thus created the Congress expects to be ableto set in motion in the various statesconcrete plans for putting into practicaleffect the conservation principlesfor which the Congress stands. Heretofore the Congress has contented itself for the most part with workingup public sentiment through its annual meetings. In this it has beenhighly successful. Each of the fourgreat annual meetings of the bodyhas had a noticeable effect on sentiment and legislation.The Congress is already powerfulin its functions as a clearing houseamong the state Conservation Commissions and the Conservatio committees of various national organizations. Through these, and particularly the latter, it has been able to exertgreat influence. President CharlesLathrop Pack feels that its scopeshould become still broader. To thisend he has caused the state organizations to be perfected. Each stateorganization will consist primarilyof a state vice-president and a statesecretary. Contrary to custom theseofficials will not be mere figureheads.Active men of known influence havebeen selected and are committed toenergetic application to the work inhand.The vice-president for Kentuckyis Malcolm H. Crump, vof BowlingGreen, and the secretary is RobertW. Brown, of Louisville, managingeditor of the Louisville Times.GIRLS LIFE SAVEDBy Father Who Buried Her AfterShe Inhaled Gas.After heing overcome by inhalingsewer gas, Mary Shaelaha, eight-year-olddaughter of Thomas Shaelaha, ofDupoint, Pa., was buried in a smallexcavation which her father 'dug inthe earth, leaving only her nose andmouth protuding above the ground,and this form of treatment revivedher and she is now doing well.The father was digging a trench,and exploded a charge of dynamite.The littlegirl ran close to the edge ofthe trench after the shot was fired,and a part of the bank gave way under her and she was hurled into theexcavation. It was some time beforeshe was found, the father discovering that she was overcome by the gas.While friends were getting the girlfrom the trench the father dug a holein the earth big enough to hold herbody. He buried her under about onefoot of earth and only her nose andmouth were left uncovered. Thedamp earth restored the child to consciousness, and after a wait of several minutes she was disinterred andhurried to her home, where doctorswere summoned to treat her.MISS STIVERS OPERATEDON FOR APPENDICITISMiss Ruby Stivers, daughter of Mr.and Mrs. Sherman H. Stivers , ofLexington, and bookkeeper at theGood Samaritan Hospital, withstoodan operation at the Hospita 1 at 12o'clock Thursday for appendicitis.Miss Stivers rallied from the effectsof the ether and should no complications arise a speedy recovery is predicted.Professional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones j 0l.E T 334Residence ) Hfome 334.DR. A. KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 0, Elk's Bid jParis - - KentuckyJ J. WILLIAMS,ATTORNE Y- AT-L AW .Room 1 Elks Building.s :1And Full Line ofChoice RecordsI $15 to $500See Display.NATIONAL5c and 10cStore5 Oct 3 tf"AH is Well Timt Ends WelPAlong with dyspepsia comes nervousness, sleeplessness and general ill health. Why ? JJecauso a disordered stomach doe3 not permitthe- food to be nssimilptod and carried to the blood. On the otherhand,tho blood is charged with poisons which come from th disordereddigestion. In turn, the nerves are not fed on good, ied blood and wesee those symptoms of nervous breakdown. It is i ot head work thatdoes it, but poor stomach work. With poor thin b'ood the body is notprotected asjamst the attack or getms of grip bronchitis consumption. For-u'y the body now w ithti vividiseovesyan altcativo extract from native medicinal plants, prescribed in both liquidand taLiet form by Dr. 11. V. Pierce, ever 4U yca.o ao0.More thn li years of experience ha-, proven its superior wcrth as' an inisoratm? ttoiiici tome and blood pun ei. it mviguraUs and regulatesthe stonuic'i, h er ..nd bowels, :ji I through them trie wl ol steni. It cannow aN In li?d in sujrar-coatcd tablet forn of mo3t doaleri in medicine.If not, tend DO c nts in one-cent o tamps fcr trial box 10D.. i'.rcc'fs InvdiuVHotel and Surgicr.1 Institute, Buffalo. N.Y.Tho CJonasMon Sense MedlcaU Adviser,IS A BCOK O? lora PAGES HArTOSO"jEI.Tr BOUND Iltf CLOTH-TSEATSPHTT3IOLOGY, HYGIENE, ANATOMY, MSDICINS .AND IS A COMPLETEHOME PHYSICIAN. Send 31 one-cent stamps to R. V. Pierce, Buffalo. N. Y.1Vm" " r """ - trHot Facts About Fuel!If you have been a housekeeper any lengthof time you have probably tried different kindsof COAL. And after all kinds of experiences and complaints you know there is justone kind of FUEL that gives absolute satisfaction always, that is fox RidgeCoal. Remember you cannot order tooearly to avoid the high priees.Dodson & Def onThe Home ofGood CoalYards, South Main St. Both Phono 140V " ' -"--w a JQS&sSSHi1mk NEW TELEPHONE DIRECTORY.Manager II. H. Floyd, of the Paris Exchange of the Cumberberland Telephone & Telegraph Company, announces that the newtelephone directory will soon be issued. . 6ggThe new list will be corrected up to November lsi and hestates that all those who wish to make changes in their listingsor to have their names placed in the new directory, should comlmunicate with him at o.nce.Those who. are contemplating installing telephones in theirhomes or offices.shouLd act promptly in order that their namesmay appear properly m the new directory.ManAplFloId tes J11? there wilJbe a number of newnames added to the list and that the growth of the exchange hereis a strong indication of the progress of Paris. g AiCumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated,I VogueClothesFORS Young GentlemenS A Special Feature with us.Suits andOvercoats! $18.00 to$20.00King Quality Shoes For. Men and BoysiHigqms8FlannapDoyle BuildingIOct 3 tfLadies, Take a LookATTwin Bros. Department Store,New Arrival ofLadiss' Stylish Fall Suits, Coats, Skirts,Waists, Millinery, Shoes, Etc,9Handsome Drygoods and Fall Drygoodsand Silks.Oetll InTwin Bios. Depailipt StoreCorner Seventh and MainSts.Instead of Wood Shingles ovulateW a! -.? ! " JIt lr pTlmmumLMBPt. f -. sv ?7T-v? -- - m s7f'jn A- J: J . Jrrrfl0BHBfc;COBTRIGffTMetalShindli'esThe roofing that lasts as long asthe building and never needsrepairs.They Won't burn, rrarlr Mirl rr rnflike wood shincles. nor hav htv ihgreat weight or brittleness of stone slate ;esides they are inexpensive and look better than either.For Sale by iidtaHrT"Best & Hawkins, Millersbur?, Kyv ,mMMMitMnmMMMinmiimmmnm7orjt(4X&"'-1HL BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCTOBBER 21, 1913wiii, -afWINCHESTER WOMAN FILESSUIT FOR $5,000 DAMAGES,Mrs. Sara Snowden, of Wincheste,filed suit in the Clark Circuit Courtagainst G. Lee Wainscott, owner' ofihe Roxa Cola factory in that city for$50,000 damages. She alleges that bythe negligence of Russell Osborne,who was acting as agent for Mr.Wainscott and was driving his autotruck, the horse she was driving bean embankment. She says her rightankle was sprained, her left shoulderbruised and her back permanently injured. She charges that Osbornefailed to heed her efforts to get himto stop the auto until she and herson, who accompanied her, could driveby. The accident occurred last August.CHILDREN HATE OIL,CALOMEL AND PILLS.DYNAMITE ROAD ROLLERIN HARRISON COUNTY."California Syrup of Figs" Best forTender Stomach, Liver, Bowels.An attempt was made a few nightsago by unidentified persons to dynamite the steam roller being used byHarrison county on turnpike repairs.The machine was at work near ShadyNook. The explosion occurred about9 o'clock, and was heard for nearly amile. The charge was placed on topof the big steel roller in front of themachine. The damage was notheavy. The Harrison Fiscal Courthas offered a reward of $50 forthe aprehension of the dynamiters.Look back at your childhood days.Remember the "dose" mother insistedon castor oil, calomel, cathartics?How you hated them, how you foughtagainst taking them!"With our children it is different.Mothers who cling to the old form ofphysic simply don't realize what theydo. The child's revolt is well-founded.Their tender little "insides" areinjured by them.If your child's stomach, liver andbowels need cleansing, give only delicious "California Syrup of Figs.'Its action is positive, but gentle. Millions of mothers keep this harmless"fruit laxative" handy; they knowchildren love to take it; that it neverfails to clean the liver and bowels andsweeten the stomach, arid that a teaspoonful given today saves a sickchild tomorrow.Ask your druggist for a 50-cent bottle of ."California Syrup of Figs",which has full directions for babies,children of all ages, and for grownups plainly on each .bottle. Beware ofcounterfeits sold here. s See that itis made by the "California Fig SyrupCompany." Refuse any other kind Jwith contempt.(adv)TAX LAWS IN KYCAUSES EVASI. -mPresent Unsatisfactory LawsResponsible for SmallReturnsnTruck Replaced Thre Teams13Retard Development and Lower Standard of Integrity Efforts To Securea Better System of Taxation HasBeen Persistent for Fifteen Years.CORPORATION CANNOT ACTAS INSURANCE AGENTS.DON CHENAULT ISSOLD TO AUSTRIAN.Attorney-General Garnett, in anopinion give the State Isurace Departmet, Friday, holds that corporationscannot act as agents for insurancecompainies in Ketucky.John Adams, Richard Spaulding andJames Bell planned an incorporationknown as the "Natioal Uderwriters,"to act as agent for insurance companies, and submitted the question ofgetting a license to the department.Attorney-General Garnett holds thata corporation acts through its agentsand the agents of the National wouldnot be the agents of insurance compaies unless authorized directly by theinsurance company, in which case theunderwriters' carporation wouldcease to exist.Isador Schlessiger, theAustrian buyer of American race horses, Thursdayadded Don Chenault (2:05), to thestring he will ship from Lexington toNew York next week to go to Vienna.The purchase of Don Chenault wasmade from U. G. Young, of Charleston, W. Va., through trainer HarryStinson, but the price was not givenout Schlesiger's other purchasesare Cheeney, 2:04, Marigold, 2:07,Lillian Arnold, 2:09, Myrtle Granett, 2:09, Alfreda Todd, DouglasMcGregor, Society Baroness (in foalto The Harvester) and the thoroughbred running stallions Aylmer and Seville. David M. Look sold half a dozen of his Castleton trotters to Schles-j inger.TO FBLLliuUflSERS!If you are looking for a goodSuit or Overcoatat reasonable prices for Fall and Winter, here is the placeto get one.We made a lucky purchase of Men's Suits and Overcoats that would retail at $15, $18 and $20, but we are;offering them as a special inducement fortjpxdj.98We also have a full line of Schloss Bros.' guaranteed,hand-tailored Suits for $15 to $25. Emerson Shoes at $4and $5, also Stetson and Hawes Von Gal Hats.Other lines of merchandise can be had at a price thatwill please your pocket-book.TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L Wollstein, Proprietor.S Parts Odorless Chatting Co.Let us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblockecLto your 'satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning'Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid GlovesJCleaned, short, 10c; long 25cTREES!For Fruit and Shade, Shrubs,& Grape Vines, Rheubarb,Peonies, Phlox, Roses,Asparagus, Etc.Everything for Orchard,Lawn and Garden.No Agents Free CatalogGrowers of What We SellH. P. H1LLENMEYER & SONS,1841 , Lexington, Ky. 1913(LO-bc'-lnn)CHRONIC DYSPEPSIAThe following unsolicited testimonial should certainly be sufficient togive hope and courage to persons afflicted -with chronic dyspepsia: "Ihave been a chronicm dyspeptic foryears, and of all the medicine I havetaken, Chamberlain's Tablets havedone me more good than anythingelse," says W. G. Mattison, No. 7Sherman street, Hornellsville, N. Y.Tor sale by all dealers. (adv)(Oct.)Frankfort, Ky. (Special) The efforts to secure a better system of taxation for Kentucky have -been persistent for fifteen years but owing tothe ironclad restrictions in the stateconstitution it is exceedingly difficultto secure any change.Tax commissions have repeatedlybeen appointed by authority of thelegislatures and these commissionshave unanimously condemned the general property tax which was adoptedby the last constitutional conventionand as the law is constitutional it hasbeen impossible for the legislaturealone to repeal it.However, the last general assemblyundertook to amend the constitutionas provided by law and this amendment will have to be ratified by thepeople at the November election andif it fails to carry it cannot be votedon again for another five years.The effect of the present law is todrive people and money from the stateand to prevent other people and moneyfrom coming in and building up ourindustries.This is how the general propertytax is regarded by outsiders as indicated in a report of a commission appointed in another state and it applies in all respects to our presenttax system."The personal property tax is afarce. It falls inevitably upon thecomparatively few who are caught.The burden it imposes upon produc-i tion is out of all proportion to therevenue it produces."Year after year state and local assessing boards have denounced it asimpracticable in its workings and unjust in its results. These recom-I mendations have for the most partpassed unheeded or have led to in-effectual attempts to bolster up thelaw. It is time the situation wasfaced squarely, and the tax in itspresent form abolished."So far as the personal propertytax attempts to reach intangible formsof wealth, its administration is socomical as to have become a byword."Such a method of collectingrevenue would be a serious menaceto democratic institutions were it notso generally recognized as a howlingfarce."But it is not a farce to those whoare fully assessed. These are chieflythe widows and orphans who arecaught when their property is listedni the probate court, farmers, retailmerchants and others, incorporated orunincorporated, with stocks of goods,and the small investors who are notskillful enough to make non-taxableinvestments."The state referred to has changedits tax system and already the receiptsfrom taxation have increased enormously and the peculiar effect of ithas been to lower the taxes on landsand improvements by securing a greater revenue from personal propertywhich had formerly produced little orno returns.Kentucky must increase its revenuesto keep up its schools and public institutions and it "would be manifestfyunfair to make the property at presentpaying taxes sustain this added burden, but under the present law thereis no other recourse.If the amendment carries and thelegislature is empowered to classifyproperty so as to bring under the assessor's scrutiny the vast amount ofpersonal property now escaping taxation the revenues can be increasedand taxes on lands and houses diminished and what is more important thanall we will be able to develop our resources, maintain our population andattract capital and people who willhelp to build up the state.Ohio has recently changed its taxlaws and has already been benefitedand Tennessee is about to renouncethe general property tax. Otherstates have either long since allishedit or are preparing to do so.The present system in Kentucky waspopular when the country was youngand wealth largely confined to realestate which could not be hidden.Wealth is now largely in personalsecurities which the assessor can notlocate and in consequence this class ofproperty escapes almost entirely.Can we 'afford to neglect this greatquestion and yet hope to compete withneighboring states which are less favored than ours naturally but havethe advantage f cheap money and lowtaxes?If the amendment fails to carry theIn eleven months this three-ton KisselKar Truck covered in actual service4,760 miles at a fuel cost of $1.08 per day. Manned by a driver and one helper,it replaced three teams of horses. The average daily burden was 37 17.20thsnst carried an average load of four tons one ton overload but in the entire period named, was laid up only two and one-half hours for repairs."We can recommend the KisselKar Truck and assure that it lives up to itsguarantee," writes Thomas E. Fleischer, manager of the Sheboygan Lime Works.Two and one-half hours for repairs, carrying over 37 tons per day is a record worthyof notice. KisselKar Trucks cost little to maintain and are economical to operate becausethe problem is solved in KisselKar construction.Note these striking KisselKar features Simple engine easy to operate reserve powerexcess capacity differential lock preventing one drive wheel absorbing all the power onslippery places, and stalling the truck four speed transmitters geared up fourth speedpermitting high speed when desired without racing engine ; 15 to 20 per cent, lower fuelconsumption than average trucks light spring suspension for power plant, heavy springsuspension for load gauge thab weighs load greatest accessibility easy control largerbrake drums, and extra powerful brakes special bodies designed to meet every need.JCisselJCar vrucko1 500 lbs.-1 -2-3-4 and 5 TonsIn the range of capacity, 1500 lbs. to 5 tons, you can find just the type that fills yourrequirements and with the KisselKar Truck goes the KisselKar Service, which .is themauufacturer's guarantee of satisfaction.KisselKar Service means taking off your hands all of the mechanical details.A special service building is maintained in this city for the benefit of KisselKar owners.The KisselKar service is abroadandcomprehensivearrangement between manufacturer andowners that cares for the car, maintains efficiency, retards depreciation and minimizes upkeep. This service is a valuable consideration in the purchase of a power wagon. Investigate it.Ask us to analyze your present horse haulage ss compared to motor haulage. The result will be interesting.Send for free book showing KisselKar TruckSiin'actual use in your line and many otherlines of business.The Following Lanes ofibusiness Have Recentlybought Kissel-Kar TrucksIron and Steel, Lumber, Textile, Milling, Giocery, Dry Goods, Dairy, Furniture, Fruit, Commission, Transfer, Bus, Hotel, Caterer. Brewery, Building Supplies, Contracting, Plumbing, Canning, Oil, Telephone,laundry, Bakery, Confectionery, Toe, Coal, Farming, Hardware, Ice Cream, Creamery, Produce, Crockery, Undertaking and to municipalities in Fire, Health and Police departments. TVe make them to suit theneeds of'any business.oI Phc1MBPhone 21 05.R. tlUK51 3 West Main Street,E,Lexington,mKy.Mohmp gnu im tiwMPt ii wmmmmmBKMmmBKBwamammmBBmmtmmtBmaaammtmimmmmamacstmUjammtammM HIHIHiHHP WMBUMBUI BKAigaJi V "VW Lfl HlHIHIHlHP flii iNERVOUS TROUBLESDRIVE AWAYHAPPINESSTona Vita Will Quickly Drive AwayThe Nervous Trouble.People who are all run down inhealth, who are worn out, nervousand half sick, are apt to be thoroughlydiscouraged. They are half-hearted,listless and depressed and feel thatthis is a terrible world with manypains in it and few pleasures.This state of mind is recognizedby physicians as a common symptomof, nervous debility.If you are one of the .many Americans who are suffering with nervousbreakdown or nerve exhaustion, youcan eet back your, old health andSDirits in a few weeks' time. Go toyour druggist and obtain a bottle ofTonaL Vita. This remarkable tonic ishelping thousands back to health andit will not fail in your case. In factit never fails. You will be astonishedhow quickly it will build you up bothin mind and bodysTona Vita is sol'd by Chas. E. Butler & Co. (adv)GEO,. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIKLCTOB AND LICENSED MBALfflLELBOTH'PUONES DAY 187; NIGHT 299?HAS BIG SKUNK RANCH.4 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDepositsYour Deposits Arc GuaranteedYOU TAKE NO KISKSIf You Are InterestedWrite UsNewBarberSliopWindsor Hotel.Raymond Fields, a seventeen-yearold boy living near Falmouth started 'last spring with five skunks, and lienow has a lot of thirty-six. He saysthat they are not any more trouble toraise and take care of than chickens.He feeds them on milk, apples andother fruit. He is so well pleasedwith his venture that he is preparingto enlarge his ranch, so he can raiseseveral hundred.If we could see ourselves as otherssee us we couldn't believe our eyes.UNION STATE BANKMuskogee, OklahomajModern Equipment,Polite" Service.n7Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDCapital $100,000Fully PaidCurtis&OverbyHORSE MEATTHE TEST OF MERITParis PeopleAre Giver. ConvincingProof.A congress of physicians in Romahas adopted a resolution, according toa press dispatch, stating that the recent increase of tuberculosis is inpart due to the fashions in women'sdress,ietifnext census will Mow that Kentucky Jhas moved down another peg or so inits standing among the states andthose at present paying taxes will inevitably have to pay more on thesaie property while others will escape by hiding their personal propertyfrom the assessors.- r ""No betor test of any article can bemade than the test of time and this isparticularly true of a kidney medicine. Doan's Kidney Pills have stoodthis test and stood it well. Whatbetter proofs of the merits of thisremedy could you demand than thestatement of a Paris resident whoused it successfully and tells of lasting results.Read the .following iMrs. 'Laura L. Lair, 1022 High St.,Paris, Kv., says: "I had rheumatismand my kidneys were irregular in action. I suffered from backaches andheadaches and at times was dizzyand nervous. A neighbor advisedme to try Doan's Kidney Pills and Idid. They made me strong and well.1 have had no sign of kidney troublesince. I gladly confirm the statementI gave praising Doan's Kidney Pillsat the time the cure was made."For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo,New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the namo Doan's andtake no 'other. (adv)Must Be Used Fr Food Unless Beefproduction is Increased.3Horse steak, rare, well done, ormedium, and roast horse with browngravy, will be the diet of the American meat eaters within the next fewyears unless something is done rightaway to increase the production ofbeef cattle. This is the opinion, ex-!pressed by an authority. Because ofthe decline in beef production," saidhe "the French and Germans werecompelled to fall back on horse meatseveral years ago. The American people will have to do the same unlessimmediate steps are taken to populateour Western ranches with cattle. Thesupply right now is far below the demand and conditions are gettingworse daily. There are a number ofreasons for the decrease of live stockproduction. One of these seriouscauses is our vicious tenant system.Then, again, our population is increasing at a much greater ratio than ourproduction of live stock."If the girls keep on taking 'em offMary Garden and Gertie Hoffman willseem awfully tame this winter.Business Men's Barber Shop,'(Next to Bourbon Bank) ,CHAIRS --'3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AilHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Publkf Pat?vronage Solicited.PILES! PILES! PILES1WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTME!Will cure Blind, Bleeding and Itckinfr PftIt absorbs tke tumors, allays itefemjr at osacts as a. poultice, givea instant relief.Fdr safe by all druggists, mall 50c and )LfWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, ttL. Oherdorfer, Druggist, Paris, IJWXo&a--TVWITHE BOURBON, NEWS, PARIS, KY;, OCTOBER 21 1913ii.irI'i i!ifII:SilverwareAside from its intrinsic value to-day ourSilverware has the distinction of representing the perfection of the Silversmith's Art at this period ofcAmerican history.For this reason it will be appreciated by"future generations even more so than are theheirlooms of the past valued to-day.The practic 1 use of Silver and its permanence makes it an appropriate and lasting gift forever appreciated.Our Silverware display is one of the speciajfeatures of this store and one of special interest tothose who seek exclusive patterns at moderate prices."The Home of Quality"For Jewelry"Shire fi Fithian,PARIS, KENTUCKYtOil! Vlkw&ms? ?m m .L siIf you'd rather dance theVirginia Reel than Turkey Trotit's all the same to the Victrola.It is right there with the older-style dancesas well as the very latest Turkey Trots7 Tangos,and One-Steps.And no matter what kind of dances you prefer,you'll find them played perfeqtly loud, clear, and inperfect dance time.Come in and hear some of the splendid dance music and let us ?hewyou the different styles of the Victrolas $15 to $200. Victors $10 to$100. Easy terms can be arranged if desired.DaughertyRILEY LAFOON DISPOSES OFFAYETTE COUNTY FARM.Mr. Riley D. Laffoon has sold hisMoperty on the Maysville pike to Mr.Everett B. Fox, formerly of Paris, for$9,500. The property consists ofthirty acres of fine land located aboutfour miles from Lexington and adjoins the Country Club on the southside. Mr. Fox, the purchaser, is theiC'ZSg s- o 'r !Bros.brother of John Fox, Jr., the author,and now lives in in Louisville. It iste plan to erect a handsome newhome on the property, which Mr. andMrs. Fox will occupy early in thespring.NUN HEIRESS TO FORTUNECAN NEVER TOUCH CENT.Madame Field, a Sister belongingto the Ladies of the Sacred Heart inSt. Louis, has fallen heir to ?50,000and a share in a distillery, which wasleft by her father, the late J. W. M.Field, a millionaire distiller, of Owensboro, Ky. The news of MadameField's good fortune was leaned whenthe six heirs to the Field fortunereached an agreement and decided tosettle the $1,000,000 estate out ofcourt after ten years' litigation.Before she became a nun MadameField was Miss Jessie Dean Field, of"hvensboro. Slie was noted for herexceptional beauty and talent. vThe Bourbon NewsEstablished 1881 32 Years of Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.REPUBLICAN TACTICS.With the approach of the November election there comes the usualamount of campaign stories circulated by the Republicans in behalf ofthe Republican candidate for CountyJudge, the only ofiice of importancefor which they have an aspirant.Such tactics are naturally to be expected, but there is grave doubt thatthe appeals will touch the ears ofothers than the dyed-in-the-wool Republicans who would not support aDemocratic candidate even if his qualifications were as numerous as thehairs on a dog's back.The Republican candidate for County Judge is making an active campaign throughout the county and atthe same time a record for the number of stories and promises. As theelection approaches it is said the' intention of the Republican managersis to have brought into the county anumber of speakers to e'xpound thecause of the Republicans and preachinto the ears of those who will condescend to listen to the appeals.In the meantime Mr. Hurst and hispolitical assistants are losing no timein their efforts to mislead the voterswith the most astonishing stories,which, coming to the ears of the Democrats, lead to the belief that the mostunderhand political tactics will be pursued dnring the campaign.To prove the perfidy of the Republican candidate it is necessary, thoughwith regret, that he liquor questionbe injected therein. Throughout hiscampaign in the county outside ofthe city, Mr. Hurst, by his past record, has been classed as an uncompromising county unit man, is advocatin the anti-liquor cause, thinkingthereby to sweep into line the Democrat favoring the unit law. In addition to this he is falsely circulatinga report of the intemperance of theDemocratic candidate. On the otherhand, when Mr. Hurst came to Parisin an effort to round the voters inline, he changed his tactics complete. He finds it more to his advantage to assume the role of an ardent advocate of the cause of liquor,and with his Republican managers isseeking to whip into line this elementthrough false pretension.It is the same old story, and a recurrence of the tactics pursued by theRepublicans in an effort to acquire anoffice in Bourbon county. "Withouthesitancy they pursue the most unscrupulous methods to mislead the vo-j ers of both the city and county, anddo not draw the party lines when itcomes to soliciting votes. Democrats are approacneu in me sameeasy manner as Republicans and arguments similar are used upon the following of both parties.Every Democrat who participatedin the primary last August is in honorbound to suppot the Democratic nominee. The party line should be drawnin the coming election to send the Republicans to defeat. Put a stamp ofdisapproval upon the tactics pursuedby the opposition by voting for C. A.McMillan, and do not be misled bywild stories and promises characteristic of an irresponsible body of politicians. Republicans have proven a failurein both city and county politics, as evidenced in the past. Why change?win Mr. rlurst explain to the voters of Bourbon his reasons for beingan advocate of local option in thecounty precincts, while in the city headopts a different role and is a champion of the liquor cause? The voterswill not be satisfied unless he offerssomething of an explanation regarding the abrupt change.The Republican candidate for County Judge will find it pretty rough sledding on Nov. 4, when it is consideredthat he is trying to carry water onboth shoulders, and at the same timefacing a perfect Democratic organization. A majority of over four hundred a"s indicated by the registrationin this city, is good evidence of howhe will fare when the vote is counted.With a possible Democratic majority of six hundred in the city whichwill doubtless result from the supplemental registration, and the Democrats of the county precincts unitedfor the Democratic nominee for County Judge, the Republican are at leastentitled to some credit for leading acandidate to the sacrificial altar, or attempt to qvercome the bulwark ofstrength they arenow facing. The reg-I ular alection is sure to mark the defeat of another Republican, hut hewill have the consolation of knowinghe is not the first to suffer such a fate.CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.1. The present tax law is a failureas shown by every Tax Commissionreport.2. It does not produce sufficientrevenue to pajr the expenses of theGovernment.3. It imposes an extra burden onsome and permits others to escapefrom paying taxes.4. It drives money and people awayfrom the State and prevents othersfrom coming in.5. Most of the present revenue isfrom farms and town property andfalls heaviest on the small owner.6. Owners of bonds notes, stocksand such investments cannot' be madeto pay under the present law..7. It causes "evasion, perjury anddishonesty and lowers the moral standard of the people."8. Similar laws have "been tried andabandoned in many other States andno State has adopted ah a law inrecent jears.9. The preseut law allows everyoneto be his own assessor and the honestman pays Jiore than his share.10. The amendment has been endorsed by all parties and is not a political question.. Vote for the. amendment, at .theNovember election and get "yourneighbors to do likewise.. 1; - ,DEATHS.EDGAR.After 'an illness of only a fewhours Col. George M. Edgar, one ofthe bestNknown and most popular citizens of Paris, died at the home ofDr. J. T. Vansant, Saturday morningat 7:30 o'clock. The announcementof his death was a severe shock to hismany friends and admirers, as nothing was known of his illness,although his increased feeblenesshas been very noticeable for severalmonths. Col. Edgar, who was remarkably t well preserved for one ofhis years was on the street Wednesday. Friday morning he appeared aswell as usual, but about four o'clockin the afternoon was taken violentlyill, and it was realized by his familythat the end was near.Col. Edgar was a gallant Confederate officer and soldier during thewar between the states, and carriedthe marks of battle upon his body; heloved the Confederacy and delightedto recall his personal relations withGeneral Robert E. Lee and othernoted officers.His war record is one to be proud ofas attested by the reports of superiorofficers, to be found in "Records ofthe War."Colonel George M. Edgar was bornMarch 1, 1837, at Union, Monroecounty, Virginia, of Scotch-Irish parents. In 1853 he graduated from theVirginia Military Institute, the fifth inhis class. He began his career as ateacher in his Alma Mater, a yearlater, and held two other professorships, in North Carolina, at Charlotte,and the Florida State Seminary, atTallahassee, until the Civil Warbroke out. He enlisted as a privatein Florida, but after Virginia secededobtained a discharge and assisted inraising a company in his home town.In 1875 he established the Edgar Institute in this city, one of the mostnoted institutions of learning in theState.As an educator Col. Edgar had nosuperior in ability and scholarly attainments. For many years he conducted schools for boys and girls inKentucky. In later years he held positions of honor as president in theState institutions of Arkansas andFlorida, also professorship in theState College of Alabama and Occidental College, California. He prepared and delivered many addresses,one especially noted being on "Stone-1wall Jackson." jHe is urvived by his wife, twodaughters and three sons. Thedaughters are Mrs. J. T. Vansant, ofParis, and 'Mrs. Ormond Somerville,of Montgomery, Ala. The sons areDr. Graham Edgar, of the Universityof Virginia; R. B. Edgar and John B.Edgar, of Montgomery, Ala. Onesister Miss Kate Edgar, of this city,also survives.The funeral took place yesterday.Services at the Presbyterian church,at 2 o'clock, conducted by Rev. Dr. B.M. Shive. Burial in the Paris cemetery. The pall-bearers were: J. D.McClintock, W. W. Mitchell, WilliamH. Webb, Dr. C. J. Clarke, George R.,Bell and Walter Clark.HATFIELD.Mr. Smith Hatfield, of Cynthiana,died Friday at the Massie Memorialt Hospital, after being in that institu-'I tion about a week, suffering from an'attack of pneumonia. Mr. Hatfieldnvas recovering from the effects of the. disease in one lung, and was eautionI ed by his physicians and nurses to beI very careful, but in spite of theirwarnings he imprudntly left his bedin their absence, the result being thedevelopment of pnuemonia in theother lung, causing his death. Heleaves a family. The body was sentto Cynthiana for burial.CYNTHIANA IS SUEDFOR $30,000 DAMAGES.A damage suit for $30,000 has beenfiled in the Harrison Circuit Courtagainst the city of Cynthiana and J.R. Pointdexter and son by Riley B.Hill in behalf of William Hill, his son,aged seven years, and by Mrs. RileyHill. The suits are based on the contention that in May, 1913, Poindexterand son, employed by the city, wereoperating a steam road roller on Mainstreet, and a pony driven to a trapoccupied by Mrs. Hill and son, became frightened, throwing the occupants out and injuring both parties.The child sustaied a fracture of the"skull and hovered between life anddeath for weeks, and Mrs. Hill wasinjured about the arms and shoulders.NEW SORGHUMV A.We have just opened a fresh barrel of new sorghum. Phone in yourorder early.(It) C. P. COOK &-CO.MRS. PANKHURST ORDEREDDEPORTED BY INQUIRY BOARD.Mrs. Eirimeline Pankkhurst, theEnglish militnt suffragette leader,who arrived in New York Saturdayfor a lecture tour, was ordered deported by the immigration authoritieswithin a little less1 than three hoursafter the vessel upon which she camehad docked. The special board ofinquiry which decided her case votednot to admit her to the country underbond, but to send her back to Franceforthwith.PRIZES OFFERED FOREDUCATIONALMEETING.A prize of .$250 in gold for the bestattendance at the Kentucky Eductional Association and a prize of $100 ingold for the trustees presenting: thebest method of conducting a ruralI school will be offered at the Kentucky! Educational Association meeting inLouisville next year, by the Louisviile Commercial Club, aap J. F. Mc,Kerran, ofi that city, resDecfttvely.(TheannouncenientVas maJb by T.W. Vinson, rf Frankfort, secretary of'the Kentucky Educational Association. After a conference with representatives of theclub and Mr. . McKerran. Another matter of importance was that all the exhibits of theSouthern Educational Conference ofthe Souththat will meet in Louisvillenext -spring will be left for display atthe meeting of the 'Kentucky v Educational Association.my Co.Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co. J.Lexington 5Ky. IIAnnounce ThatDuring thfe Week beginning Monday,October 20thcTWadam JunkinsAn Expert Corsetier e from New York WillDemonstrate to the womenWho wish to improve their appearanceJust how the proper model in aEa ami!!c front Dee CorsetThe corset with a "Ventilo Back"Will improve the figure, and at the same timegive more comfort than any other corsetOn Tuesday and ThursdayOctober 21st and 23rd3:30 p. m. until 4:30 p. m.The various styles of this corset willbe shown on aLIVE MODELIN OURIREST ROOM.ON THIRD FLOOR "We invite you to calliWOLF, WILLexington, Ky.439IIT IS YOURDUTY To PROTECT YoUFLFAMILY WITH A BANK ACCOUNTWHAT WOULD BECOME OF THEMSHOULD YOU DIEPENN1LESS ?Just look at this pictureMake OUR bank YOURWe pay 3 per cent, interestDEPOSIT BANK OF PARISCapital, $i005000.00, Surplus, $40,000.00. -O. M. HALL. PresiocntIhe Matt Anderson farm, nearLevee, in Montgomery county, .wassold at public auction Thursdajr, toMr. Ernest Gillespie, at $S5 per 4ire.George D. Speakes, of this city, conducted the sale.Reports from all ovar this sec-tion of Kentucky show that there will jie a short turkey- crop. Disease and"the extremely hot weather haveTVJnvprl hrivnn with thp. vnnner t.nrlrpvs.i: ? :.;:" " . i 7"f - :.-L" rit is saiu mac mere aru iever young;turkeys in the country than -for years. (This means one thing- and that is argood price! To those who have goodSTOCK ID FARM NOTESmi-soe$ee9999t.-and THINK.bankr.on Savings"C. K. TFHOMAS. Cashier.Vflocks the time is ripe whe you should!take good care of .them; feed well and,keep them healthy and eret the reward.for our labors in cash.frmH.!XKmrX-ZVZrrBTJEAiJiyJt 'J? or siPair of brass andirons, . colonialtyle."Both phones 34.FOR RENT.. .i-a.ouso 01 livkenuer Applv Wrooms on tas3?a Ats-J. BTARR,Either Phoze 490. ,. dCt)EH.V f'"tjfiiMu"IIfi-' i .V -to'?"?THEf BOURBON NEWS, PARIS; KY., OCTOBER 21, 1913Ii yi?-4'. tiv:3fr.?3 nrr -HAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADETAX NOTICE.A ten per cent, penalty will be added toall city taxes not paidon or before October31 . The tax accountsare now ready.C. K. THOMAS,(td) City Collector.A BEAUTIFUL JOB.J. T. Hinton has just completed thedecoration of Stout's new addition tohis restaurant. There are six screensin pastoral and scenic views and arevery artistic and very much out ofthe ordinary.RAINCOATS..Heavy Combination Raincoats withconvertible collars in medium andheavy weights, $15 to $40.J. W. DAVIS &COLITTLE ROCK MERCHANTFILES DEED OF ASSIGNMENTMr. William Chanslor, a merchantofof Little Rock, this county, hasmade a deed o assignment to Mr. H.A Power, of this city, for the benefitc his creditors. No schedule if his: sets or liabilities has been givenat.SPECIAL RAINCOATAt j$6. Double texture tan Covert,-vfith military collar.J. W. DAVIS & CO.PRESBYTERIANS TO MEETIN SHELBYVILLE IN 1914.Shelbyville was Friday chosen asthe 1914 meeting-place of the Kentucky Synod of the Presbyterianchurch. The Synod, which has beenin session at Lebanon, closed its sessions Saturday.REPRESENTATIVE WILL BE"IN PARIS TWICE EACH WEEKAttention is directed to the advertisement of George Payne, NorthBroadway, Lexington, Ky., dealer ingas stoves, ranges, grates, etc. Arepresentative will be in this cityTuesday and Friday of each week,and anyone interested in the purchaseof any of the above are requested towrite Mr. Payne, who will have hisrepresentative call upon you duringhis visits in this city.YOU WILL BE PLEASED,Get shoe satisfaction by trading at(tf) FELD'S.WATCH 'EM.". The window tells you $30 Kitch-en Cabinet now $2U $zs uaomet $j.o- $1.00 off price every day. See window. J. T. HINTON.UNDERWEAR WEATHER.Union suits that fit. Separatearto ments in wool and cotton, 50c.S3.50.J. W. DAVIS &COSTOUT HELD TO GRAND JURYFOR CUTTING HORACE REDMON.Ben Stout,' colored, was yesterdaylield to the grand jury by Justice L.J. Fretwell, on a charge of maliciouscutting. Stout, it was alleged, attacked Horace Redmon, a colored boynear Brentsville, about two -weeks agoand inflicted several severe wounds-with a kmte. stout iuiuisuw u"" ,in the sum of 100 and was releasedfrom custody.CHINCHILLA ULSTERSAre popular this weather. Oursare tailored right. $22.50 to $35.J. W. DAVIS & CO.NEGRO CONFESSES THEFTr- i a Dr AMn sppp hides !OF LARD AND BEEF HIDES ," !Louis Johnson, colored, was ar-,rested yesterday by Patrolman Fred iLink on a charge of having burglar- iized the store of Baldwin Bros., on .Main street, several days ago, and Itaking possession of two fifty-pound ionns of lard and three beef hides.,ti,h ii'oe tnlrpn into CUStodV Oil tlilain street shortly after he had jnade JlUllllUU kJ w-.-.--- -an attempt to dispone ul uue ux. ,hides to an Eighth street aeaier.Johnson confessed the. theft.Saturday morning Lrnest .tirooK- jins, a colored boy, was arrested dPatrolman Link on suspicion of hav-ing been implicated in the burglary,and he was lodged in jail. I he jmpni- nf Johnson did llOt implicateBrookins and he was released. jwhen the burglary was reportedto the police Patrolman Link went toy tiip lmme of Johnson, on Lincoln avenue, where he found one of the cansof lard and one of the beef hides, .which was identified by Baldwin 'Bi'os. as one of the number stolen !from their place. IA number of robberies have oc-1purred in the past few dajrs uponwhich the police are working, ihurs-day night the general store ot Mr.G. N. Martin, near fctony i-oiul, r. terjain 0f xew York, has held unentered by thieves and goods to the ' 1, for .twelve years, has provenc.oine of several hundred dollars tak-n. They also secured about $4 mcash which had been left in the drawer for ohange. The robbery was discovered Friday morning when Mr.-Martin opened the stor, and he immediately reported the matter to the3lic who are attemptins to locategome of the good'- atolea.r ciniiprhtpr hcuse of Mr. P. M.AW w...0.--Peacock pike,r , -i m...i.nv nio-Vif ond hesofBrOKGIi 1HUJ liiaifcii- .i0-- "vHaHrr. on the feacoCK piKe, vubiv Revnolds nroduceU a letter writ-. vMSg-to the value of about $30 vereMl UUX3I1 XlibW a.m. w a OSOCIAL AND PERSONALMrs. W. B. Board went to Cincinnati yesterday for a few days.Mr. and Mrs. Swift ChamD are in! Cincinnati for a few days.j Mr. and Mrs. James H. Thompsonare among the visitors in Cincinnatithis week.Mrs. James Kennedy, of Cincinnati, is the guest of Mrs. HenryBowling, at Millersburg.Mrs. W. W. Judy and son, Master T. J. Judy, have returned from avisit to relatives in Vevay, Ind.Miss Matilda James returned toMargaret College, Versailles, yesterday after several days' visit home.Mrs. H. M. Collins is confined toher home on High street sufferingwith an attack of acute indigestion.Mr. R. S. Harris, of Louisville,was the guest Friday and Saturday ofhis brother, Mr. W. H. Harris, in thiscity.Mr. and Mrs. William Merricks,of this city, are visiting the former'smother, Mrs. John Cummings, in Mt.Vernon.Rev. W. E. Ellis went to Cincinnati Friday to attend a meeting of theBoard of Missions of the Christianchurch.Maysville Independent : "Mr.Joseph Cummins' returned to his homein Pans Saturday after a pleasantvisit to Mr. Sidney A. Keith."Mrs. P. H. Lane will arrive onThursday from Philladelphia for ashort visit to Mrs. Swift Champ, ather home on Pleasant street.Miss Sarah Thompson, who is astudent at the Kentucky College forWowen, Danville, was at home fromSaturday to Monday with her parentsMr. and Mrs. I. D. Thompson.Mrs. Joe Head has returned toAshland after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.E. M. Dickson. Mrs. Dickson accompanied her home for a visit.Mrs. James Adair, of Masonpnnnfv nrnvori TJViiair of fina l-i-vrmnf lon mnH10r.,-nJar tit, tjiiAdair, who is p.onfinPfl' to her horlwith a broken hip.Mrs. W. H. Fisher has gone toT.Pvinp-fnn tn vi5if Iipv rnncin TVTrc iGarland Bullock, and from t.WA will Igo to Georgetown to visit her daughter-in-law,Mrs. Neville Fisher.Mrs. Lee Price and son, Mr. JohnPrice, have returned from Martinsville, Ind., where Mr. Price has beenunder treatment for rheumatism. Heresumed his studies at Center CollegeMonday.Miss Mayme Spears entertainedthe members of the Six-Hand EuchreClub Friday afternoon at the home ofher mother, Mrs. E. F. Spears, onHigh street. In addition to the members of the club Miss Spears had anextra table of players. After thegames a tempting lunch was served.Mr. and Mrs. Clayton Ryder, ofNew York, are the guests of Mr. andMrs. R. B. Hutchcraft. Mrs. Ryderand Mrs. Hutchcraft were classmatesat Wesleyan College, Cincinnati, anumber of years ago, and this opportunity to recall memories of theirgirlhood days is very enjoyable. Mr.and Mrs. Hutchcraft and their guestsmotored to Lexington Thursday.Richard Hawes Chapter, UnitedDaughters of the Confederacy, metSaturday afternoon at their rooms in jtlio nrkiirf limioo and aff-or the rmaninp"exercises the election of officers forthe ensuing year took place, and re-2T1ITM Zi u in nwK- iPresident Mrs. W. G. Talbott.Vice-President Mrs. John Connell.Second ViceJPresident Mrs. AdaRice.Secretary Mrs. H. H. Hancock.Treasurer Mrs. Joseph Ewalt.Registrar Mrs. Russell Mann.Mrs. R. J. Neely and Mrs. MaryIreland Davis were the hostesses forthe occasion and at the conclusion ofan interesting account of the Stateconvention held at Winchester recent-ly by Mrs. C. C. Leer chocolateadcakes were served.GOOD GRADES CHEAP.Special low prices on wall paper.This applies especially to the goodgra(es of paper,&J. T. HINTON.WILLIAM C. HOLLERAN'SADMINISTRATOR APPOINTED.Mr. Wade H. Lail, of Cynthiana,was yesterday appointed administrator of the estate of the late W. C.Holleran, of this city, by Judge DenisDundon, in the county court andqualified with the American SuretyI .ael Holleran, father of the deceased,Mrs Mary Jourdan and rs EdithHolleran waived their right to admin -. .r tQ the estate and asiced thatr Lail be appointed.P0RTI0N OF MAIN STREETIR n,:,NG MACADAMIZED.9A portion of Main street from BankRqv tQ the Cottont0 n Bride is beiing macadamized. The city hands &Iiqvq iioon onp-np-prJ for thp. nnsfc ten A, tearing up the old street and put-tmg down tlie new macadam. Owing qtQ the grade of tjie street at this point , 0would be impossible for any other gmaterjai to prevent horses from slip- g).. oor,onir,llv in winfpr timp.. Oil ilias0,been rolled into the surface ! Sscreeningsthe street.which is said to preserve jOoo'agd qwhoKENTUCKY WOMANGiven.Unclaimed MoneyYork Court.ByMrs.Sarah E. Reynolds, anof Bowling Green, Ky.,woman,t oor to come to Kew YorktQ cIaim $6,065 which the City Cham-,her claim to the money m the bu-preme Court bymeans of a letterwritten in 1373.The money came from the foreclosure sale of property at No. 24S WestThirty-sixth street, which belonged jto the late Mrs. Mary Beatrice D in-bar her grandmother. Mrs. Raohel iSmithson was- a sister o? Mary Beat-,rice Dunbar and the only living heir. lj.... -i... rr.. "T-. .,, -!., f 1 n Ki-ifiiv, ieu 0y ana. ijuuuai iy n-- jiuui,l,Dr;R Smithson, which proved the jLCU JJV .9JLA. - ow- -w -.-.,- , .PRECIPITATION THAT RELIEVEDDROUTH TURNED INTO SNOW.xtniis which have fallen almost continuously for the past " forty-eighthours, have had the effect of relieving the drouth which has prevailedin this section for the past twomonths and at the same time plunged into real winter weather.The precipitation which began Saturday has started every stream andspring in the county running and according to measurements the stage ofStoner creek is about seven incheshigher and raising. The fear of acontinuation' of the water famine towhich this city has been face to facefor several weeks is now relieved, andit is the opinion that with a continued rain for the next two or threedays the stream will reach a pointthat will enable the Paris Water Company to resume its former service.The rain yesterday morning, whichfor several hours fell in torrents,through a sudden decline in the temperature changed to snow and minerature blizzard raged for a short time.The ground was in no condition to receive the snow and the "beautiful"melted as rapidly as it fell.Reports from various sections ofKentucky and throughout the Southare to the effect that the country isin the grip of real winter and inmany places heavy snow falls are re-.corded. A heavy snow was reportedfrom Richmond yesterday, and the report said that in many places theground was covered. The heaviestfall is reported from Franklin, Ky.,where four inches were reported.Campbellsville, Hopkinsville, andGlasgow also report light snow fall.The Parliamentary Club willmeet Wednesday afternoon at theclub rooms in the Elks' Building at3:45. A full attendance of the members is requested.The Progressive Culture Clubwill hold its regular weekly meetingWednesday afternoon at the Elks'Building. Following is the program:"The Fight of the Tongues," MissTipton; Scandinavian iniiuence mScandinavianAmerica," Mrs. J. D. Burnaugh;Reading from Jacob Riis, Mrs. Cates-by Wodford, Jr.; "The Lapps," Mrs.Ossian Edwards.Miss TlIlie Jaynes, of Lexington, was in Paris Friday to attend thefuneral of Mrs. John TrunnellMiss 'Elizabeth Steele has recovered from a severe attack of tonsolitis. Mrs. John Dedman, of Cynthiana,is the guest of her sister, Mrs. R. B.Hutchcraft, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Blount, of NewYork, arrived Friday for a visit tothe son of the latter, Mr. Hope Wiedemann. Five francs (96.5 cents) is morethan the average laborer gets for aday's work in the Lyons district ofFrance.EXCHANGEYour old stove in on Gas Range andHeater.(26-tf) A. F. WHEET R & CO. "GAS RANGES.Just received, a carload ofJewProcess Gas Rangesat A. F. Wheeler FurnitureComp ny, opposite Court-' -house.tfTO GAS CONSUMERS.We expect to furnish natural gas onor about October 28, at which time theuse of manufactured gas will be discontinued. We wish to call your atteneion to apositive rule of the Company that nat-ural gas will be furnished only tothose who have signed contracts forsame, it you do not want to be without gas your contract will have to beon file in our office before the changeover is made. It will be impossiblefor our representatives to see all theusers of gas, and would therefore advise you to call at our office anci signcontract. By doing this you will favor us and greatly facilitate matters.If you wish to have service pipesrun from the street to your home youshould send us your application atonce, as the weather will soon prevent our digging up the streets. Service connections will be made as applications are received, and yourprompt attention to this will save incovenience when the change is made.RespecetfullyPARIS GAS" & ELECTRIC CO., Inc.-I1 Jf, 9iI g,99!TrvBaldwin's IiGolden aghmsuqtAnd Opeii.endered Lard,The Best on Earth!Vk&de by$&gros..si FE-MSBerat:cscky5? C IB23j. U4To S,'CORRECTION REQUESTED BYMR. FRANK REMINGTON.An item appeared in the News lastFriday in regard to Col. R. S. Porterstarting a daily newspaper, and Mr.Frank Remington desires a correctionmade of the statement that the paperwill be issued from his job printingplant. The fact that Mr Porter isemployed at the office of Mr. Remington would naturally have caused usto assume that the paper would beissued fromthat place even had we notbeen informed otherwise. Mr. Remington declares he has no intentionof entering the publishing or ewspaper field, ad asks that a correctionof entering the publishing or newstruth of our statement we were inabsolutely good faith and had no intention whatever of misleading thepublic.SELLS MERCER COUNTYFARM TO RETURN TO PARISMr. W. H. Squires, formerly ofBourbon, who for some time hasmade his home in Mercer county willmove to this city in a short time toreside. Mr. Squires last Thursdaysold his farm in Mercer county toMr. James McClaskky, of that county,for $116 per acre. He bought thefarm two years ago for $105. Mr.Squires, who has beenin failing health for several months, has decided to give up farming.vMarketA8th and Main Sts.Cheap For Cash.No CreditNo DeliveryNo' PhonesPay Cash, carry yourgoods home and cut thehigh cost of living. Comeand see a good cleanMarket House.Meats, Oysters, Fish andCheese of All Kinds.M. J. Heller& Co.OHouseDon't just stir up the'DUST and GERMS. Remove them' from the home. Not only do this, but cut your work inhalf. When you buy a cleaner buy a DUNTLEY. It isjust as easy to buy the best.ep3mmyWood iVIarfifccBsiNew Fall GoodsNow ReadyInspectionAiter a three-weeks' search of the New York andEastern markets, we are in a position to show you thelargest and best selected stock ever shown by usrSee the beautiful mew ideas in JSilks, Dress Goods, Challies, Velvets, Corduroys, Dress Trimmings and Laces,Neckwear and many novel accesssories to make your Falloutfit complete.Ask to see our non-shrinkable flannels for waists,shirts, &c.We are agents for the following good lines HendersonCorsets, DeBevoise Brassieres, Wayne Knit Hosiery andEskay Kid Gloves.&9IW. Ed Tucker.Iti t on41IIC LaiCMTHE BABY DOLL SHOE,in Patent, Coit0 Cloth Top.Alsothe English Walking Shoe in Tanand Gun Metal.We Have The Season's NewestGeo. McLPhPhones 301YOUR HEALTHYour family's HealthDEMANDS -That You Use a Vacuum Cleanerft youELECTRIC let usdemonstrate the&a twt fj K? kl2 Vi Ki Ttolfi SkSAVES-,-iouONEYU rsder takHsigCZ2ZZXJ3G3CZZZ!WCa(lFor Your.siieJ7lJCHMUUII!Williams,The Shoe ManVwantan9Ii$. irt r .T rsjHXi;AAAn. f 'i1L.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, K NTUCKX OCTOBER 21. 1913.' I1 tji F,: fii rSiABSI&SfSISBlil"I Got This Fine Pipe With Liggett g& Myers Duke's Mixture" 9All kinds of men smoke Duke's Mixture in all kinds Wof pipes as well as in cigarettes and they all tell the Bame 5story. Aney like the genome, natural tobacco taste 01&ujtffafUpe&StJfMtAC.Choice bright leaf aged to mellow mildness, carefully stemmedand then granulated every grain pure, high-grade tobaccothat's what you get in the Liggett & Myers Duke's Mixture sackYou get one and a half ounces of this pure, mild, delightfultobacco, unsurpassed in quality, for 5c and with each sack youget a book of papers free.Now About the Free PipeIn every sack of Liggett & Myers Duke's Mixture we now packa coupon. You can exchange these coupons for a pipe or for manyother valuable and useful articles. These' presents cost not onepenny. There is something for every member of the familyskates, catcher's gloVes, tennis rackets, cameras, toilet articles,suit cases, canes, umbrellas, and dozens of other things. Just sendwmsasmAmsmmBsmmmHamssmmmmmmotnerSt.Here Is the HoglSpecial Prices ForLexington, Ky.BOURBON REMEDY CO.,Enclosed find photo of hog that wascured of cholera with your BourbonHog Cholera Remedy. This hog wasalmost dead before using the medicineand then was entirely cured, exceptloss of ears, tail, etc. The hog isowned by Mr. Skiles Ewing, of Bawling Green, Ky. He will he glad totf ve you a testimonial, and we can getsereral more if you want them.JENKINS-SUBLETT DRUG CO.,Bowling Green, Ky.Ask Your Druggist for It, .FOR SALE BY W. T. BROOKS.- tiff. s V tin - UjI""" -. v. r ir"i' t - T .r''r:fny&xrr- . f'fKWS-metrWrr.TTZZi-, i T WiVF&ZttixJljE--J"r ' ,ftc!5i25atts' ftNo natter whether the thermometerroisters 103 Jiijove or 15 below zero,AsalgGEcScd Are Roofingcan't be affcc:;d a particle.No natter t!:2 curves or valleys ofyour roof y a noeJ no tin to coverthem, for A- .dga-iaici ARC ROOFINGSsvery j-lIiMa. Ic ia tl:e Pexftd Roofing,yardtlic r::rn::o3 uLbno higher thant vhen slale cr lrctrl ij used.r We "Hwtee oi r fion's 1 - roPiml the money. ,. our lTooimg 13 not piTieit sat!slutoiy.K K AMALGAMATED 3100FING CO.Sold by Millersburg Coal andLumbre Co.,Millersburg, Ky.WOMEN WHO GET DIZZY.Every -woman who is troubled withfainting and dizzy spells, backache,k6&dache, weakness, debility, constipation or kidney troubles, should usetectrtc Bitters. They give reliefwhen nothing else will, inprove theJwalth, ading strength and yigor fromIEISS&&SIus your name and address on a postaland as a special offer we will sendyou our new illustrated catalogueof presents FREE of any charge.This offer expires December SI,1913. Open up a sack of Liggett $Myers Duke's Mixture today.Coupons from Duke's Mixture may beassorted with tazs from HORSE SHOE,J.T., TINSLEY'S NATURAL LEAF,GRANGER TWIST, and Coupons fromFOUR ROSES UOc tin double coupon).PICK PLUG CUT. PIEDMONT CIGA.IRETTES, CLIX CIGARETTES, andmtazs or coupons issued by us.Premium Dept.jufiVvc t&am'lSr,Louis, 'Mo.Beef Hides UntilFurther NoticeWe pay 12 l-2c for greenbeef hides. Call us 'upor bring it to our place.MAX MUNICH,8th Street, PARIS &Call East Tenn. Phone 374THE FAMILY COUGH MEDICINE.In every home there should be abottle of Dr. King's New Discovery,ready for immediate use when anymember of the family contracts acold or a cough. Promnt use willjstop the spread of sickness. S. A.btid, of Mason, Mich., writes: "Mywhole family depends upon Dr. King'sNew Discovery as the best cough andcold medicine in the world. TwooOc. bottles cured me of pneumonia."Thousands of other families havebeen equally benefited and dependentirely upon Dr. King's Discovery tocure their colds, coughs, throat andlung troubles. Every dose helps.Price 50c. and $1.00. All druggists.H. E. Bucklen & Co., Philadelphia orSt. Louis.(Oct)(adv)ERRAND BOYRises to High Position of Custodianof Immense Fund.A man who, 18 years ago, then acountry lad, walked into the First National Bank at Sullivan, 111., and applied for the position of errand boy,to-day is the custodian of nearly$100,000,000, when Irving Shumantook the oath of office as AssistantTreasurer of the United States.The swearing in of the new Treasurer took place in the United StatesSubtreasury in the Federal Building,the oath being administered by Inspector John Noon, of the TreasuryDepartment, in the presence of LenSmall, outgoing Treasurer, and' Cashier Russell.Mr. Shuman qualified for the position some days ago in Washington,giving bonds of ?400,000.Immediately after the ceremony thevaults, containing approximately $97,000,000 in ready cash, were sealed upand eight men from the TreasuryDepartment at Washington began thework of counting this vast sum. Theywere under the direction of Inspector Noon and Homer Shephrd, Cashier of the Shepherd National Bank,of Lovington, 111., who was chosen byMr. Shuman as his personal represen-Jative.jMBhh1i1((BII1II II 111 J llmi.ASHLAND ASSOCIATION TOMEET !N WINCHESTER.Preparations are about completedfor the annual meeting of the AshlandDistrict Educational Association to beheld at Winchester Friday and Saturday, October 24 and 25, at the courthouse. Among the many good things promised to those who attend is an addressFriday afternoon by SuperintendentT. A. Hendricks, of Paris, on the subject, "What the Schools Need of thePublic." Officers of the associationare E. F. Darnaby, president, of Winchester; Mrs. Nannie G. Faulconer,vice-president, of Lexington; MissSue Scrivener, secretary-treasurer, ofWinchester. The complete programfollows :Friday, October 24 Morning Sessio".10:00 Prayer Dr. William Cummins.? Song City High School Pupils.Welcome Behalf of City JohnE. Garner.Welcome B ehalf of LocalSchools Dr. J. E. Clark.Address President Darnaby.11:00 How Shall Education be Adjusted to the Present Needs ofthe Child Dr. J. N. Hanley, ofPowell county.11:30 Kentucky's Greatest SafeguardThe Trained Teacher Hon.John G. Crabbe, of Richmond.Afternoon Sessin.1:30 Music.1:40 What the Schools Need of thePublic Superintendent T. A.Hendricks, of Paris2:00 Some Good Things Done; SomeWe Need to Do Supervisor T.J. Coats, of Frankfort.2:30 Training as One of the Functions of the School; What ItShould Accomplish for theChild Superintendent Lee W.Kirkpatrick, of Henry county.Supervision in Rural Schools;Makftig it Efficient Superintendent O. V. Jones, of Owencounty and SuperintendentJones, of Frankfort.Music.:008:00Address High School Supervision McHenry Rhoads, ofLexington.Music.Address Prof. J. T. C .Noe, ofLexington.9:30 Prayer Dr. J. W. Gwaltney.Song County High School Chorus. 9:45 The Relation Between Parentsand the School SuperintendentM. A. Cassidy, of Lexington.10:15 Vocational Training in theSmaller School System Superintendent McKee, of Frankfort. 11:00 The Worth of a High SchoolEducation to the IndividualPresident R. H. Crossfield, ofLexington.11:30 The Influence of the CollegeUpon Secondary School Superintendent J. W. Waller, ofGeorgetown.Afternoon Session1:30 Music.Song. J2:15 Address Hon. Barksdale Hamlett, of Frankfort.2:45 Address Hon. Henry S. Barker, of Lexington.3:15 Address Mrs. M. B. Adams, ofGeorgetown.Reception Committee Superintendent J. E. Lanter, Chairman.Entertainment Committee Mrscien Beckner, Chairman.LuA GENTLE ANDEFFECTIVELAXATIVE.A mild, . gentle and effective laxative is what people demand when suffering from constipation. Thousandsswear by Dr. King's New Life Pills.Hugh Tallman, of San Aritonior Tex.,writes: "They are beyond questionthe best pills my wife and I have evertaken." They never cause pain.Price 25c. at druggists or by mail.II. B. Bucklen & Co., Philadelphia orSt. Louis (adv)(Oct)Every lazy man gets a lot of satisfaction out of the fact that Romewasn't built in a day.The knowledge that black is becoming to her is always a great consolation to a widow.DIRECT SEEDINGGives God Results in Culture 'of thePine Tree.Pine seed sown directly in thespots where the trees are to grow isyielding good results in young treeson the Tahoe National Forest inWestern California.This is in marked contrast to theusual results in such cases, becausesquirrels, mice and birds will eat theseads where they are planted withoutprotection, and even when these enemies allow the seed to germinate,the drying out of the soil in drouthperiods is usually too much for thetiny seedlings during their first season. Because of these vicissitudes foresters usually find it advantageous togrow the seedlings in nursery beds,where seeds and plants can be protected by wire screens and shadefarmes, and where water can be applied when needed. Usually, too, theseedings are transplanted once ortwice before they are set out in theirfinal situation, the transplanting process serving to develop stocky plantswith compact roots. While the nursery bed and transplant process involves more work, ii ts said to begenerally cheaper in proportion toresults accomplished, particularlywhen the cost of seed is taken intoconsideration.The California experiment, whichindicates the possibility of directseeding- of certain species in somalocalities, was conducted on an areaof 22 acres, sown in the fall of 1910to Jeffrey pine. A large number ofseedings have become thoroughly established " and have made thriftygrowth. The plantation is at an alittude of 6,000 feet where there is moremoisture than at lower elevationswnen tne seeas were planted theywere coated with red lead to discour-age mice and other rodants, but sofar as the forest officers could .findout the lead coating had no suchef-feet; not enough of the seed was eat-en, however, to destroy the value pfij&ers is a revelation to those who tryiSprains, BraisesStiff Musclesare quickly relieved by Sloan'sLiniment. Lay it on no rubbing. Try itAnkle Sprain and Dislocated Hip." I sprained my ankle and dislocatedmy hip by falling out of a third storywindow. Went on crutches for fourmonths. Then I started to use yourLiniment, according to directions. Imust say it is helping me wonderfully.We will never be without Sloan's Liniment anymore." Chaa. Johnson. LautonStation, N. Y.SLOANSLINIMENTKills PainSplendid for Sprains." I fell and sprained my arm a weekago and was in terrible pain. I couldnot use my hand or arm until I appliedyour Liniment. I shall never be without a bottle of Sloan's Liniment." Mr.H. B. Springer, Elizabeth, N. J.Fine for Stiffness."Sloan's Liniment has done moregood than anything I have ever triedfor stiff joints. I got my hand hurt sobadly that I had to stop work right inthe busiest time of the year. I thoughtat first that I would have to have myhand taken off, but I got a bottle ofSloan's Liniment and cured my hand."JFilton Wheeler, Morris, Ala.At all Dealers. 25c,50c. and $1.00Send for Sloan'sfree, instructivebook on horses,cattle, .hogs andpoultry. AddressWhen you feel .vous, tired, worried or despondent it is asure sign you -need MOTT'S NERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMott's Nerverkie Pills Z??J.hWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Prcpa., Cleveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky...STOCK AND FARMH. K. Greene, 3Mt. Sterling, Ky.,sold and delivered twenty-five exportcattle, Wednesday, to G. A. Peters, ofFlemingsburg, at Tc.A record price is reported forland near Bethel, Bath county, whena farm of 110 acres, part of the land iot the late Charles Wilson, was uur-J chased by M. T Hendrix at ?138 perThe supply of grass being shortin Montgomery county, some cattlemen have already begun feeding,which, of necessity, will make cattlehigh next spring and force the handlers to secure stiff figures for theirsteers.McKee Bros., of Versailles, Ky.,exhibited their Durocs at Nashville,Memphis, and Knoxville, and practically carried away all premiums.They won all firsts except aged boarat Memphis and Nashville, and senioryearling at Nashville. This meanstehy won every champion and grandchampionship in the Duroc Jerseyshow at Memphis, Nashville andKnoxville. They are showing thisweek at Birmingham and from therego to Meridian and Jackson, Miss.APPEAL MADE FOR JEWS.Actin of Roumania CallsForth Resolution From New Yorker.Representative Chandler, Progressive, of New York, introduced in theHouse Friday, a resolution expressingit to be "the sense of the AmericanCongress that the interest of cizilization, the rights of humanity, the principles of eternal justice and the dignity and sanctity of international lawdemand that the signatory Powers ofthe Treaty of Berlin (July 13, 1878.)compel Roumania to "observe the stipulation of the treaty in the matter ofthe treatment of the Jews."Representative Chandler spoke atlength to this resolution, which wasreferred to the Foreign Affairs Committee. It would direct the Secretary ofState to forward copies of the document to Great Britain, Germany. Austria, Russia, France, Italy and Turkey.FIVE MINUTE CUREIF STOMACHIS BAD"Pape's Diapepsin" is Quickest, Surest Indigestion Cure Know".Tou don't want a slow remedywhen your stomach is bad or an uncertain one or a harmful one yourstomach is too valuable; you mustn'tinjure it with drastic drugs.Pape's Diapepsin is noted for itsspeed ingiving relief; its harmlessness; its certain unfailing action in.regulating sick, sour, gassy stomachs.Its millios of cures in indigestion, dyspepsia, gastritis and o'ther stomachtrouble has made it famous the worldover Keep this perfect stomach doctor in your home keep it handy geta large fifty-cent case from any drugstore and then if anyone should eatsomething which doesn't agree withthem; it what they eat lies like lead,terments andsours and forms eras!causes headache, dizziness and naiispaeructations of acid and undigestedfood remember as soon as Pape'sDiapepsin comes in contact with thestomach all such distress vanishesIts promptness, ease and certainty inovercoming: the worst stomanh dicT-.WreiLDr.MS.SLOANllnc. fy"I BOSTON, MASS. 1 IE SK&&HlipinMVaMWlwHRNo other corset has done somuch to give slender lines toStout andMedium FiguresNo other corset has successfullydevoted itself exclusively to thereducing of excess flesh. Noother corset has thefundamentalRengo Beltidea of tailoring ourown originalinventionwhich hasmade thisthe leadingReducingcorset of theworld. Noother corsethas ever, ina period of afew seasons,fraction of the RengoBelt country-wide andwonderful success.Today this corset stands asthe first and only garmentmade exclusively for stoutand medium women, thathas great strength, unequalled reducing capacity,and will give an erect,graceful carriage with perfect comfort to the wearer.Prices, $2, $3 and $5,Model Illustrated $2.For Sale by FRANK & CO.IE V tff A "wYou get back the original cost of your stove in the:fuel money saved each winter. Could you ask for more?Here is tho Guarantee oncle5s OriginalBlast HeaterHotBacked Up in Every Particular by the Makers: ?"lA saving of one-third in fuelaratt stove ot the same size, with soft coal,slack or lignite."2 That Cole's Hot Blast will use less hard coal' i for heating a given space than any base burnermade with the same size fire pot."3 That the rooms can be heated from jne to twohours each morning with the soft coal or hardcoal put in the stove the evening before."4 That the stove will hold fire with soft coal fromSaturday night until Monday morning."5 A uniform heat day and night, with soft coal,hard coal or lignite."6 That every stove will remain absolutely air-tightas long as used."7 That the feed-door is and will remain smoke anddust-proof.!!T7That the Anri-PuffinS Draft will prevent puffing.All we ask is that the stove shall be operated according to directions sand connected with agood flue."(Signed) COLE MANUFACTURING "CO."Not Inc.(Makersof the Original Patented HotThis Guarantee can not bestove.If you want economy and5 theof eachLUKE McLUKE SAYS.(Cincinnati Enquirer)The trouble about a reformer is thathe hasn't any time to mind his ownbusiness.A man may be in doubt about his09, but he -will always bet on his7M"& Jr Iw"- ws f wI it ;JrmT77achieved a III 5 WrXENG0I FEATUREi ILul J iI ItI )m lKfcv ELASTICVfl I If' KlRsEBB,NG11 4111 1 Urnll tU'llM Unai lift:?arover any lowerBlast Stove.)made on any other heatingreal home comfort, come injm MM tSI 'aim ice us sen you one of these stoves.E. M. WHEELER FURNITURE CO.Robneel Building, Cor. Main and 8lh.name "Cole's" on feed Joorstove. None genuine without itwatch and thermometer being right.For a little while a husband is atreasurer, but he is soon regarded asa treasury.The reason women" kiss each otherwhen they meet isi because the, BiMjsays we sKould love our eMemiejyJ'4iw1 HE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY. OCTOBBER 21, 1913.THRILLING PICTURES)CfS3;'m'aA BRONCHIALis wearing and dangerous because the inflamed,mucus-filled tubes interfere with breathing and thefresh air passes through thai unhealthy tissue. 'Probably no other remedy affords suck promptand permanent relief as Scott's Emulsion; itchecks the cough, heals the linings of the throatand bronchial tubes and strengthens the lungs toavert tuberculosis. This point cannot be emphasized too strongly that Scott's Emulsion hasbeen suppressing bronchitis for forty years andwill help yGIfoBe careful to avoid substitutes and insist on SCOTT'S.AT ANY DRUG STORE.13-77IOI! m-.uvfm a u.msi iu.iiC. E. BUTLER & CO.tMtttt8titttimttCHHtHftMttitmitMtttMMtt-9i-9999mSpecial Sale!Having bought too heavy and not havingenough room, we are offering to the public atspecial low prices the following items:Trunks of all Sizes and GradesSuit Cases of All GradesComforts, Blankets, Rugs andDruggetsAnd many other things too numerous tomention.J. ELVOVE3?a.ris, KentuckyOur Call Home Phosie 360s9999m99m99Wf 99 99999999aogsss ea ceasesm99t999m9m9mitt9m999:9A complete and vivid pictorial record of the ill-fated Scott expeditionto the South Pole will be projectedupon the scren at the Ben Ali Theatre, in Lexington, the week commencing Monday afternooji October20, with matinee daily.It is said that Herbert G. Ponting,who took these pictures, caught everyphase of the animal life of the Antartic, and many facts about the habits of the seals, the killer whales, thepenguins and the skua gulls never before known are revealed by the camera.A huge Weddell seal is shown sawing a groove in tne ice tor its uoaywith its teeth. Scientists have heretofore wondered how these troughlike cuttings in the ice wer made.A thrilling scene which quickly developes into a tragedy is one whichshows a school of killer whales 'pursuing a mother seal and Jier calf. Themother, racing at top speed, manages to spring out of the water on tothe ice floe, but the baby is unableto make this haven of safety. Themother can be seen frantically trying to aid tne oaDy 10 cnmD uponthe floe, when in her desperation sheplunges into the water almost into thewide-open jaws of the killer whales.The Deneuins afford no end ofamusement by their queer antics asthe lecturer explains, they resembleever so much certain obese humanbeings, and as they go tottering overthe ice they look for all the world asif they were clothed in hobble skirts.They never run for any considerabledistance but after gaining a certainflat upon the ice and their bodies giveover its smooth surface as if theywere toboggans.Another unique and interestingfilm shows the actual hatching of askua gull's egg, the chick being seenin the very act of breaking throughthe shell.The wondrous beauty of the Antartic is revealed by all the pictures.Mount Erebus in active eruption isshown, although it had to be photographed from a distance of fifteenmiles. Mr. Ponting used a telephotolens in making this picture, which isas clear as a crystal, and the volcanoiooks to be only one hundred yardsdistant.The pictures also show that Captain Scott's expedition was not a wilddash to the Pole but the greatest scientific investigation that was evermade of a polar region. The different scientists are followed by the camera as they test the upper air currents with balloons, or try the temperature of the deep waters of the seawith finely graduated thermometers,or trawl the bottom of the ocean forrare marine animal life.Running' through the entir exhibition are views of Capt. Scott himself,and of the four heroes who perishedwith him on the return journey fromthe Pole. The dog teams, the motorsledges, the tent in which they soughtshelter from the cold at night, thevery sleeping bags that afterward became their shrouds are all shown;and every detail is explained jn a comprehensive lecture.It is said that these films are theproperty of the widows and orphansof the "Immortal Five" who gavetheir lives for the furtherance of science; and a goodly part of the proceeds is devoted to their personalbenefit. (adv)99999999999APall OpeningOPGas and Coal Stoves,Heaters and Ranges. N.In Our Showing of Gas Ranges andHeaters, We Lead Them All.Let Us Show You.A Bigger Stock, A Better StoveA Little Show Will Convince You that We Are Right Get theSAFETY LI GThe new process in the Visible Gas Rangewith Broiler Pan and Dirt Pan, White EnameledFinish. All Doors White Enamel.Let Us Show You One of Ouri 6-Room Heaters2 and Can be Run Much Cheaper Than One Grate2 and is Guaranteed to Heat 6 Rooms.We Can Save You Workand MoneyI Save the Difference!9J Why throw away your coa! range when you canhave it exchanged for natural gas range. We dothis. And we handle nothing but the best rangesj - and heaters Clark Jewel and Wilson. They areguaranteed to consume less tuel than any stovesmade. The Clark Jewel has no competition as abaker and cooker. The Wilson heaters give moreheat than any stove ever sold.We carry the largest line of Gas Fixtures, Heaters, Ranges and Gas Grates of any firm in Lexington.We save you from 25 to 50 per cent, on anythingin the gas line. We own our own business house andhave no rent to pay, therefore can undersell the otherfellow and make as much profit as the man who is inthe high rent district. See us before you make anypurchases and you will realize why our motto isSAVE THE DIFFERENCE.GEO. PAYNE,N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky.Between Main and Shortm9999-9999iBrass Grates, $6.00 IThe Kind that Sells Everywhere From 8$8.00 to $ 1 2.00 SNOVEMBER 6 DESIGNATED IKENTUCKY ARBOR DAY-Governor McCreary issued the fol-j lowing proclamation designating November 6 as Arbor. Day in Kentucky:"I, James B. McCreary, Governorof the Commonweaith, do issue thisproclamation, designating Thursday,November 6, 1913, as Arbor Day forthe Commonwealth of Kentucky, andrequest its observance by the planting of trees and such' other exercisesas may be deemed proper."The attention of all the people,especially the teachers and pupils ofall the colleges and schools, is calledto the importance of planting trees.Every proper effort sho'uld be madefor the renewal of our forests."In the last decade there has beengreat development along forestrylines in the United States. The inauguration of forest management -inthe national forests, the activity ofvarious States in public forestry, andthe interest of private owners in treegrowing, have resulted in marked improvement in everything connectedwith forestry. There are now a number of colleges in the United Stateswhere forestry is included in the curriculum. In the last few years therehas been a constantly increasing activity in the forestry of the , variousStates, and now thirty States havesome kind of organization for forestry work."I call upon the people to give moreattention to the observance of ArborDay in Kentucky than has jbeen givenheretofore. I not only desire thestudents of all the colleges to take an active interest in the setting out of treesbut the pupils of every commonschool in the State could render immense service by each one of themsetting out a tree on Arbor Day."Schoolhouse yards, home yards,public roads, pastures and fieldsshould be beautified with trees. Ournatural forests are diminishing, andwe must reforest the cut-over, theburnt-over and the unforested districts of the State."In testimony whereof I havecaused these letters to be made patent and the seal of the Commonwealth to be hereunto affixed. Doneat Frankfort the fourteenth day of October, in the year of our Lord onethousand nine hundred and thirteen,and in the one hundred and twentysecond year of the Commonwealth."By the Governor, '"JAMES B. McCREARY."999&9999999999999999999999ft99qjiB rev ,3?jijAJrI WA.All Ranges and HeatersAre Made and Constructed ofWellsville PolishedSteele.This Small Heater is Porcelain, Enamel and Nickel Trimmed.Let Us Show You. All Stoves Connected up FREEf readyfor Use.F. Wheeler Furniture Co;IVBasm StreetChas. Green, Mg'r.Opp. Court Houseeft$$6ftt&ft66ifttteftftftft83P3cadftseiDUCK FREEMANFirst- Class Barber Shop.Three Expert Artists; NoWaits.Hot and ColdBaths.Main t. - Opp. Court HouseTry Buck's Coal Oil Shampoo.Iper FMLOffi!C8f)t. $1,000 to $100,000W. KING & SON,125 Cheapside. Lexington, Ky-&$$ 034489t9999CANCER CUREDI guarantee every case I undertake; 20 years practice; reference, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.- FRESHMelons on Ice CantaloupesString BeansFresh Tomatoes Sweet PeasEvergreen CornPeaches CucumbersSquashAll Fresh and NiceBULLETIN OUT FORNEGROES OF STATE.J4EAD OF FACTORY WHERE30 LOST LIVES PENNILESS.After handling $200,000 worth ofbusiness a year for thirty-three years,Heed B. Freeman, head of the BingJiamton Clothing Co., at Binghamton,;New York, in whose factory thirty.girls were burned to death July 22Jast, will begin life anew in a NewYork commission house."I have kept nothing," Freemansaid. "Every church within 100 milesof Binghamton has benefited from mycharity and every charitable institution within this district. The lossesof the fire above the insurance wereheavy; but I have paid every creditordollar for dollar. It was right and Ifeel easy -in my mind as I begin lifeanew. If I had my money back Iwould give it to restore life to thegirls buraed in the fire."THEY MAKE YOU FEEL GOODThe pleasant purgative effect produced by Chamberlain's Tablets andthe healthy condition of body andmind which they create make one feeljoyful. For sale by all dealers.(adv) (Oct)Any old time you find a man whothinks he married the wrong womanyou can make a nice safe bet thathis wife thinks the same tiling.A bulletin, the first of its kind, forthe exclusive benefit of the coloredschools of the State, has been prepared by C. L. Timberlake, messenger of the Department of Educationand a prominent negro, educator, andissued by Superintendent of PublicInstruction Barksdale Hamlett. Superintendent Hamlett saysf by way ofintroduction :"The isuance of this little bulletinis somewhat of a departure from theregular order, but, recognizing thegreat need of more interest amongcolored people of oiy State along thelines of agriculture and domesticscience, we have encouraged and to acertain extent, supervised the effortsof the author in the preparation ofthis work."The bulletin is entitled "HouseholdEthics and Industrial Training," andcontains, besides arguments in favorof more concrete expression in thecurriculum of the need of the coloredrace for training in agriculture, domestic science and home-making, suggestions to "the teacher for practicaltraining in cleaning house, settingand serving the table, cooking, agriculture and manual work in the farmshop.-Boiled and Minced HamKeller Grocery CompanyBEWARE OF OINTMENTS FOR CATARRH THAT CONTAIN MERCURY.As mercury will surely destroy thesense of smell and completely derange the whole system when entering it through the mucous surfaces.Such articles should never be used except on prescriptions from reputablephysicians, as the damage they willdo -is tenfold to the good you can possibly derive from them. Hall's Catarrh Cure, manufactured by F. J.Cheney & Co., Toledo, O., contains nomercury and is taken internally, acting 'directly upon the blood and mucous surfaces of the system. In buying Hall's Catarrh Cure be sure youget the genuine. It is taken internally and made in Toledo, Ohio, by F.F. J. Cheney & Co. Testimonialsfree.Sold by druggists. Prico 75c. perbottle.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation, (adv(Oct.)When we win we credit to our wisdom. When we lose we blame it onbad luck.ThprA nrfi other wavs to do it: butno woman ever drove her husband to (I drink by keeping her mouth shut -C5vS1" I .$ff6the Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothinrr is more important in thehome than olea r, steady light. Insurethis by jrettiiisr the oil that burnsclear and clean without a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil rehued to perfection.Cote no wore than the Inferiort-mkwaaon oil saves MONEY savesWORK oaves eves.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Chas. C. Stoll Oii Co.Ky.We sellLexington,Refinery at Warren,celebrated "No CarVPa.Auto OiL:VllhiyWs?tftH4ViXwTHE BOURBON. NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYOCTOBER 21, 1913 (Use Certified Cheek CoffeeThe Coffee with a pleasing aroma.Try it to-day. Use it always.JForsale by all grocers. Save ;s thecoupons.U,HAii5J I1 .il?t 4'?'"'MJ!: ,iUr; Hit 1,uliei--r?kMlisJSi1 1I 'rl.'ki1frSEWS OF MiLLERSEUr.L-Harrison Stewart, colored, agedabout 65, died Thursday of acute indigestion. During the day he was apparently in good health. He was employed as a domestic in the home ofiMr. J. G. Allen. In the afternoon ofthe day of his death he was pickingpears. About four o'clock he cameto the house with,, about two basketsof pears. After Mr. Allen and son,S. M. Allen, returned home from theJjank they found that "Uncle Harrison," as he was called, had not donehis eening work. Mr. S. M. Allencalled him and receiving no replywent out in search of him. He wasfound in the garden under the peartree where he had fallen forward ina crouching position, with a basketG3 either side of him. Life had beenextinct but for a short time, as theiody was still warm and limp. "Un. cle Harrison" was a popular coloredman and well thought of by bothvnite and colored. He was a devoutjnember of the colored Baptist churchand was polite and gentlemanly in hisdeportment. He was a native of Lincoln county, but had been employedas a domestic in the Allen home for anumber of years. He was buriedSunday afternoon in the colored cemetery, after services at the colored3aptist church.Tjie best Sorghum Molasses ever.handled by Jones Bros.Mrs. James Kennedy, of Covingcon, is the guest of Mrs. Henry Bowling. Mrs. Martha Vimont is visitingi 'her daughter, Mrs. W. A. Munzing, inMaysville.Miss Blackerby, of Paris, is thegest of her cousin, Miss Jennie Maurie Pepper.Messrs. W. F. Saunders and V. L.Barton left Sunday for Cincinnati tospend several days.Mr. and Mrs. Arnold Case andMrs. William Insko are visiting relatives at Junction City.Mrs. Lelia Ward, of Lexington,errived Sunday as the guest 6t hercousin, Mrs. Lee Insko.Mrs. E. C. Shaw has returned after a visit to her parents, Dr. and MrsThompson, at Oak Woods, Ky.Messrs. R. L. Tarr and E. H.Martin are at Harlan, Bell county,with a fishing and hunting party.Quite a number from here attended the dedication of the NorthMiddletown Christian church Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Crouch, ofLittle Rock, were the guests of Mr.and Mrs. M. P. Collier, Saturday andSunday.Regular meeting of Amity lodgeNo. 40, F. & A. M.. tonight. A fullattendance of the members is reQuested. " Mrs. J. C. Head and little daughter ad sister-in-law, Miss AnnaHead, arrived Friday from Lebanon,You will rrSaveJ IT Ik llilllf Tlftflfc 4sfc iJr II lv HUfff a I If IK jiPPA II . n- ymV- Hi- LfeJtw Ii A v Ml rfl ill'2 flaPP If A I Iday and Next Week Footwear of the Best Quality at the most reasonable pricesFor Men, Women and ChildrenThere's only one pair of Shoes we want you to buy, that is the pair that will please you, Best in Style,Fit, Quality, Price. It is to Sell You the Right Shoes at the Price You Want to Pay.Here are some of the descriptive prices:Ladies' Cloth Top in Patent $2.99Ladies' Cloth Top in Patent and Gun 2.49Ladies' Patent Button 2,99Ladies' Velvet Button '2.99Ladies' Suede English Toe z. 2.49Ladies' Gun Metal English Toe 3.49Ladies' Tan Buck 2.99Rubbers of All Kinds and Descriptions.ID&.and will make this their future home.Mr. Head has recently accepted theposition with the Central Home Telephone Co., and has been here sinceOctober 10.Messrs. J. G. and S. M. Allenwere at the bedside of Mr. EphriamWoods at Stanford, Sunday, who continues critically ill.Mr. L. A. Ramsey has resignedhis position as local manager forthe Cumberland Telephone Co., andhas returned to his home at Winchester. Mrs. W. D. Mclntyre will entertain this afternoon in honor of Mrs.U. S. G. Pepper, who will soon leavefor her new home at Huntington, W.Va.Messrs. W. A. Butler and J. R.Long left yesterday for Louisville toattend the meeting of the GrandLodge of Masons in session in thatcity.; Mr. and Mrs. C. R. Jones and little daughter, Elizabeth, were guestsof Mr. and Mrs. Turner Perry, atO wings ville from Saturday untilMonday.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Insko havemoved from the home of her mother,Mrs. R. E. Houston to the property ofMr. W. E. Collier, vacated by Mr. andMrs. Earle Insko.Mesdames Alfred Slicer of Paris,Catherine Jameson and Barton Jameson, of Washington C. H., Ohio, wereguests of Mrs Belle Barton and family, Saturday and Sunday.Mrs. E. D. Baldwin entertainedwith .an elaborate dining Sunday, theoccasion being Mr. Baldwin's birthday. A number of friends and relatives were present and the day wasdelightfully passed.Miss Elizabeth Ingels entertained Friday evening with progressive rook in honor of Miss JennieMaurie Pepper, and Mrs. M. C.Grimes entertained Saturday eveningin honor of the same. Prizes weregiven on both occasions. Ices andcakes were served.The first number of the Lyceumcourse will be given Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock, under the auspicesof theY. M. C. A., at the chapel ofthe Millersburg Female College. Mr.Maclnnes Neilson will give a musicaland humorous lecture. Season tickets on sale by Miss Long, of the College, at $1.25 for the five numbers.Best and Hawkins, of Millersburg,will have an exhibition of the SouthBend Malleable Range at their storethis week, and extend an invitation tothe people of this community to inspect the most perfect range on themarket today. With each range soldwill be given free a set of pure whitealuminum cooking ware. This set isoffer is .made for one week only andthe exhibit is now on. See the big advertisement in the next issue of theNews. tlJK2In the polar regions there is one inhabitant to every ten square miles.AboutPair ofYour Money by Buying Your Fall Footwear Now. Satur1ST COHENNORTH MIDDLDTOWNCHURCH DEDICATED.(Continued from Page 1.)edifices to be found in any rural district. It is beautifully located on alarge lot that has a frontage of 300feet and a depth of 600 feet, well graded and terraced. Concrete walks anddrives of crushed stone have beenlaid wherever necessary. The churchis built of concrete bricks with freestone foundation forming 'the firststory. Broad digits of concrete stepslead up to the vestibule, which is supproted by large pillars. Aportecochere, the roof supported by whitepillars, is on each side of the church,and the whole has a metal roof witha dome in the ' center of the mainpart.The main auditorium is a beautiful, well-lighted room, having a balcony suported with white columns extending around three sides. The baptistry is on the left side of the pulpitand the organ lofte on the rightwhile the large pipe organ occupiesthe recess back of the pulpit. Themain room has a seating capacity of350, and the balcony 250, making atotal seating capacity of 600.On the same floor with the auditorium are the pastor's study, acommodious room and the ladies' parlor, which is cozy and attractive. Inthe lower, story is the Sunday Schoolassembly room furnished with operachairs and the pulpit furniture fromthe old chureh.The former church building whichhas been replaced by the handsomenew edifice, was erected in 1842, andits walls have resounded with eloquent sermons exhortations from thelips of" some of the most noted preachers of this denomination, viz: AyletteRains, Moses E. Lard, Robert Graham, John T. Johnston, C. M. Arnold,E. V. Zollers, William McGarvey andothers. Elder L. H. Reynolds waspastor of the church for about sixyears, but on account of advancingage he resigned, and was succeededby Elder W. S. Willis. Elder J. W.Ligon was the beloved pastor untilhis resignation about two years ago,and Elder Christopherson is the present pastor.It is not known what dispositionthe members will make of the oldbuilding, but it will likely be used fora hall where lectures and entertainments may be given.The new church is beautifully decorated. In the main auditorium thewalls are tinted a delicate green, theceiling and dome being cream colorwith border in harmonizing tints,1 with the softly colore'd art windows.The entire floor is covered with avelvet carpet in two tones of green,moire pattern. This and some of thefurnishings were the gift of the women of the congregation, whd raised$1,200 among themselves. The comfortable pews are in mahogany finishas is the organ with its gilded pipes.That NewSHOESMen's English Toe W.-O. in G. M $4.00Men's Tan Shoes, Button and Lace in W.-0 4.00Men's Gun Metal, Button and Lace 3.49Men's Box Calf .. 2.99Men's Tan :$2.99 and 3.49' (Button and Lace)Baby Doll in Gun Metal and Patent. 1.99IThe elegant pulpit furniture, consisting of the reading desk, three largeleather chairs, communion table andtwo chairs, all in mahogany, was thegenerous gift of Mr. John T. Hinton,of Paris.Sixteen beautiful memorial "windowsgrace the church which were donated jby the following: Mr. W. S. Jones,Mrs. Ed. Rice, Judge H. C. Smith,Mrs. Thomas Helm Clay and Mrs.J. W.' Thomas, Mr. Lunceford Talbott, Mrs.' William Collins, childrenof Mr. J. W. Young, Miss Lina Bratton, Eli Dooley, Mr. Geo. Roberts andMrs. Roberts, Charles E. Rice, MissCarries Berry and Mrs. F. P. Lowry, J.J. Redmon, A. S. Trrimble, Collinsfamily, Building Committe of thechurch, and Washington Lodge F. &A. M.The large, sweet-tonedd organ wasthe gift of the young men of the congregation, and cost the sum of $2,000.The architect of this beautifulstructure, who was also the contractor, was W. K. Hagan, a resident ofNorth Middletown, and one of thedeacons ofthe congregation.Every department of the churchwork is in a flourishing condition.The Sunday School is one of the bestto be found anywhere, under the capable superintendency of Mr. JohnWillie Jones and the C. W. B. M. hasa large membership.The total cost of the church was-$25,000 and it was raised with verylittle trouble. The contributions werewillingly and cheerfully paid, andnot a dollar asked for at the dedication, which is unusual and remarkable. The officers of the church are asfollows :Elders W. S. Jones, J. W. Young,H. C. Smith, John T. Collins, Jno. W.Jones, Dr. L. R. Henry.Deacons Charles H. Meng, Dr. R.D. Weaver, James C. Bryan, Sr.,William McCray, Lunceford Talbott,J. J. Redmon, John S. Talbott, B. F.Mark, H. S. Caywood, B. F. Sledd,James O. Evans, A. S. Trimble, W.A. Thompson, George Roberts, ClayThomas, W. K. Hagan.EDITION OF JACKSON TIMESTHROWN INTO KENTUCKY RIVERThe half-printed edition of the Jackson Times was taken from the officeThursday night by unknown partiesand thrown into the Kentucky River.The office force next morning fishedthe papers out of the stream and finished printing the edition. The paper contained some very strong Democratic editorials pertaining to the political fight that is being waged inthat county, and it is claimed the Republicans getting wind the paperswould be circulated the next day entered the office and took the papers,throwing them in the stream.Republicans disclaim any knowledge of the outrage and claim theDemocrats committed the act for effect.IINatural GasWill be Turned On iWithin TenDaysI The Fuel That Never Disappoints. XNature may have provided better, butit has never been discovered. Cutsdown your household expenses. Nokindling .to split, no ashes to carry.Always at your service,Have your house piped and service put in before cold weather.5 WritePhoneParis Gas &Incorporated99m999mQ99W9S9 1LA strange marriage occurred inCynthiana a few days ago when. Mr.Harry Whittaker, eighteen, wasunited in marriage to his stepsister,Mrs. Julia Prows, forty-five.MORTON-STALLARDMr. Henry L. Morton, of Paris, andMiss Eva Stallard, of Lexington, wereunited in mariage by Justice CharlesP. Dodd, in the latter city, Saturdayafternoon. The ceremony was pronounced in Justice Dodd's private office at the court house. The bridegroom is an employe of the KentuckyTraction and Terminal Company.The bride' is a daughter of Mr. L. C.Stallard, of Lexington. The couplewill reside in Lexington.JACOBY-SQUIRES.The following beautifully engraved invitations have been issued:Mr. and Mrs. Lyle Jacobyrequest the honour of your presenceat the marriage of their daughterWillie LoutoMr. James Anson Squireson Thursday, October the thirtiethnineteen hundred and -thirteenat four o'clockAt homeNear Paris, Kentucky.LEAVELL- STALLINGS.An announcement of interest justreceived by friends in Paris is as follows :Mr. James Bryant Leavellannounces the marriage of his daughter Lillie BuchanantoDr. Thomas Wesley StallingsWednesday evening, the fifteenth ofOctobernineteen hundred and thirteenMaple Grove, Bryantsville, KentuckkyAt homeafter November first3434 Tilford Avenue,Clifton, Cincinnati.The brided who possesses a charming personality, and is an accom-plish-edvocalist, has often visited inParis, and has many friends herewho extend congratulations and everygood wish to her and Dr. Stallings.OFFUTT-FERGUSON.One of the most beautiful eventsof October will be the wedding of MissSue Pord Offutt, of Georgetown, toMr. William ' Kenney Ferguson, ofParis, which will be celebrated Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock, at "Maplewood," the home of the bride's parents. Mr. and Mrs. Reuben Ford Off-utt, in Georgetown. The ceremonywill be followed by a reception andthe couple will leave the same evening for a trip. On their return theywill reside in Paris. Mrs. WallaceHowe, of Jackson, will be matron of jhonor, and Mr. Robert H. Ferguson,of Paris, best man. The bridesmaidsare Misses Cornelia Blackburn, ofGeorgetown; Martha Ferguson andCarolvn Roseberry. of Paris; and thegiuumsuiea, iyicaoio. jiiawiuu jicljwm a av n w An "IV ,f "!-. flU r Wlfr "tl n -7 Iana nugn Ferguson, oi .raris, anaMATRMONAWebb Offutt, of New York City. On,its franchise assessment when ittne evening Deiore uie weuuing ivirand Mrs. Offutt will entertain at dinner for the members of the bridalparty.Quite a number of friends and relatives from Paris and Bourbon countywill attend the wedding.Anions: the curiosities ot the New-Palace, Potsdam, Germany, is a genealogical tree, showing: the name ofKing David engrossed at the root ofit, with that of the Kaiser at the top,the descent being traced through hismother's family.. :ii:See 2Electric Co. !L,"The Children of To-day" at Ben Ali.The new Ben Ali theatre, at Lexington, will have as its attractionon Monday, Oct. 27, "The Children ofTo-day," under the direction of theMessrs. 'Shubert, with Mr. LouisMann in the leading role."Children of To-day" is a moderncomedy. Mrs. Wakefield, a widow,with two children, Vincent and Anita,aged seventeen and eighteen, findsherself unable to control her offsprings. They are infact, children oftoday and pay little attention to theirmother and run things to suit themselves. The mother is in love with anold friend of the family, Mr. Randolph, but when the two children interview him, he is promptly rejectedas not measuring up to their qualifications as to what amodern fatherand husband should be. But here thewise itfr. Randolph set out to outwitthe children and he does so to thegreat amusement of the widow, to saynothing of that of the audience. Mr.Mann himself rehearsed the companyand staged the production.Mr. Mann's supporting company isone of unusual merit. His leadingwoman is Miss Emily Ann Wellman,well known for her excellent supportof Mr. Mann for the past four years.Others in the company include JohnHines, Adoni Fevieri, Frank R. Stirling, Maud Turner Gordon and Margaret Templeton.ncKets tor this performance willgo on sale Friday and orders will bereceived by G. M. Kiser, who will conduct the sale of seats in this city.Oorders for seats will be given promptattention. Telephones 124.Prices Orchestra, first ten rows,$2.00; remainder, $1.50; Balcony, firstthree rows, $2.00; next four rows,$1.00; last three rows, 75 cents.SKerosene is the universal illuminant around Aden, Arabia.ELEVEN MILLION INCREASE INL. & N. FRANCHISE VALUATION.Judge Cochran, in Federal Court, atFrankfort, Friday, handed down anopinion that the L. & N. should pavtaxes on $11,000,000 more before it isentitled to a temporary injunction restraining the State from collectingtaxes on the aVnount its 1912 assessment was diminished over the yearprevious.This is just half the amount tlmState Board of Valuation and Assessment assessed it, and is double thaamount the road conceded to be afair assessment.Incidentally, Judge Cochran saidhe had no doubt the property of theL. & X. was worth what the Boardassessed it, $74,598,451. but wheth-psuch a value can be worked out bv-pursuing the method prescribed bythe statute is a question.He found the amount, which he saidthe road must pay before he grantsthe injunction, by taking 70 por'c-ntnf tviic voinonn hha mo i- .-nnd- , ... 'deducting from it the tangible -assessment ana tne amount the road paid onbrought suit.He referred to the fact that in -therate case in 1906, in which the roadcomplained of rebuced rates fixed bythe Railroad Commission, it alienedthat its road, then 229 miles shorterUlmV ; ? IT. -rt -.-. jnjLiiau n. is uu, was worm $ t u,oyy,e-i.-41.In 1911 the L. & N. paid on a franchise value- of $11,899,200, but in 1912this was raised to $54,42S,074 by theState Board of Valuation and Assessment This decision of Judge Cochran,therefore, puts the amount of, tileTHEATRGAfranchise valuation at $22,89,O0)'- 'N