Vsf "?THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAH,I-'.VOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JULY 1, 1913.t:LEAGUE HOLDS FINALMEETING AND DIS3ANDS.rK, .i-Biing Us YourWatch WorkWe are EfficientWe are PromptTrv us.m 1The final meeting of the Hospital League was held yesterday afternoon inthe county court room in the courthouse and after closing up all of the .business before it, voted unanimouslyto disband after eight years spent inan effort to secure a hospital for Paris.The meeting yesterday was attended by a large number of the members of the league, before whom theplans for the final action of the organization were discussed. This resulted in an order to turn into the endowment fund of the W. W. MassieMemorial Hospital the sum of $2,400which remained in the treasury of theleague after bearing the expense ofthe purchase an installation of theelectric elevator at the institution.This portion of the equipment costthe league the sum of $1,500.Since the organization of the league in 1908 in has been engaged ina very active movement toward theestablishment of a hospital in Paris,and the members labored incessantly for the cause. Mrs. W. W. Massie, upon her death endowed the institution, bequeathing a large sum forthe purpose which resulted in thepurchase of te home place of thelate G. G. White which has since beenconverted into a modern hospital.Since the Trustees appointed bythe City Council assumed charge ofthe affairs of the hospital the further need of the league being unnecessary, the Meeting was called for yesterday afternoon to wind up thebusiness."WE KNOW HOWJ)STABBED WIFE FOUR TIMESINFLICTING SLIGHT WOUNDS.Quick Lunches ForHot Weather., ' Boiled Ham Minced HamDried BeefAll these Meats are Sliced Fresh on theMachine for YouJK Imported Swiss Cheese Brick Cheesew ' Snappy CheeseaA Pimento in Jars New York Creamj Try our Sliced Ham and Breakfast Bacon andYou Will Use no Other.VWe also have a full line of Fruit Jars, CansiS and Jar Rubbers.4Srr FNIHAN1 VU lli IIIIMlI 1Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234ifsi-.If You Have-'eMs-VUpon a warrant charging him withmalicious cutting, Robert Washington, colored, was arrested yesterdayafternoon and lodged in jail. Washington, it is alleged, attacked his wifeyesterday morning about nine o'clockat his home in the negro suburb ofClaysville and with a knife stabbedher four times. One of the woundswas inflicted in the abdomen, thesecond in the left breast and theothers in the groin and left shoulderWashington, it is alleged went to hishome and after a quarrel with hisstep daughter, became involved in anargument with his wife. The cuttingresulted.His step daughter had a warrent issued for his arrest and upon a chargeof a breach of peace was fined $5 andcosts in Squire Fretwell's court.,, $10 to SpendJust come to this stcre and invest it in oneof these two-piece Summer Suits which we areselling for a "Ten-Spot."If you want to' see real values just glanceat our windows and you will be convinced thatwe can give you a better suit than can be purchased at any other store in town for a greatdeal more moneyThese suitsmed. Coats arealpaca. Trousers either plain or cuff bottoms, belt strap, medium peg topi or regularshape. Sizes to fit anyone.areall well made andtrim-J -2 lined with light-weightEPWORTH LEAGUECONFERENCE4StVwwi?Stetson Shoes andStetson HatsManhattan Shirts inbright, snappySpring styles -. '?JtThe Kentucky Conference of theEpworth League af the M. E. church,South, held a three days' meeting inNicholasville last week. The conference opened Monday evening by theaddres of Rev. J. R. Savage, followedby a testimonial cervice conducted byRev. T. W. Watts, "Are You in Tune?"There were two sesions each day during which many helpful talks on Junior work and the best methods for thepromotion of the work of the organization in its departments were made.IMany prominent workers and speakers were present, among whom wereMiss Ada Trawick, Junior Supt.Epi Nvorth Leagueof the M. E. Church,South, Nashville, Tenn., H. G. Price,Junior Supt. Kentucky Conference;Miss Eva Downing, Junior Supt.,Newport; Miss Anna Lewis, LexingMissionary Society of the KentuckyConference. About 80 delegates werepresent as well as visitors from thesurrounding towns.Tuesday afternoon the election ofofficers for the year was held and thefollowing were selected:. B. Harris, Lexington, president; H. G. Price,Newport, Vice-president; O. B. Crockett, secretary; G. P. Fisher, Millersburg, treasurer; Miss Eva pawning,Nweport, junior superintendent.Mr. Dennis Snapp, delegate from theParis League, extended an invitationto the Conference to come to Parisnext year, which was accepted.:8Mitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to MereELKiiii!!iiiniin;nmiiiim;ini!niii!ii!iiiiiiii!!iiiiiiiiiiiiii!iiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiJMii!iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!ii!rinwPHI HHDfeFR-ANK&CO.The Store Where Reliability' Reigns.mM ?ms.ElimKTlSIIPft&mtmBoys' Blouse Waists25cmmyimwjBoys' K. & E. Blouse Waists50cand$1.00Boys' Linen Knee Pants15cWorth 35c and 50cBoy's Shirts50c and $1 .OO 5-DON'T FORGETThe date of Frank & Co.'s mid-summersale begins Saturday, July 5th.i.AnnounceMid-SummerCLEARANCE SAMEMILLERSBURG NEGRO ISACCIDENTALLY SHOT.AIK!As the result of the accidental discharge of a gun in the hands of Chas.Smoot, a negro, Bun Turner, also colored, was- shot and seriously wounded Sunday afternoon about five o'clockat the latter's home in Millersburg.Turner and Smoot were in the yardof the former's home engaged in afriendly scuffle. Turner it is saidwas bested in the struggle and started to run in the house. Smoot pickedup a shot gun that was laying on theground and pointing it toward himcalled to the negro to stop. Withoutheeding the command Turner kept onwhen the gun was discharged the shottaking effect in his left shoulder.Smoot claimed he did not know thegun was loaded and the injuerd manplaces no blame upon him. A physician was summoned and gave the injured man medical attention. Thewound is of such a nature as to demand special attention and Turnerwas taken to a Lexington hospital yesterday afternoon.&mSPSS?lita5s54JBeginsSaturday, July 5EndsSaturday, July 19mmmmtimmimmmimmmWSSWmWISmMmMwPRI6E&60.6l0tH!6rSand Furnishers'$$MZIPmmmmxm?READY TO PAY PENSIONS.Capt. W. J. Stone, Confederate PenAgent, is sending out notices that February pension claims will be paid 'arange its books and receive the warrants. May and August claims willbe paid-on vouchers August 5. It isprobable that it will require a specialclerk in the Auditor's office to attendto these claims, as the number of'Varrants to be" issued will exceed thenumber for all other purposesSpecial, Values Will Be Offered inEvery Department'Don't Miss This Sale1 1 FRANK & CO., ImmiWMllU!inil!llittittlMlfr MMW&MIMNRW-Wfb WmWfWi- V(V-2M9Paris, Kentuckyi9"SMC "HiC 2MC 2ML ,m3Vr:ma- V ... jTHE, BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY .1 1913.VtI-'I1HE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYDo Yu Feel Chilly0 . TTi :I33W'fwtotototo-totototototo&toOioes jfiazto Sveru utNew models and exclusive patterns areshown at all times in our display of Women'sFootwear. Every pair of these Shoes alsoshow elegance of finish and grace in each particular line. We can give you fitting qualitiesin Shoes which cannot be excelled, and as toservice, it need only be said that our Shoes aremade by the best Shoe makers in the world.We can give them to you in widths as narrowas AA.We invite your inspection.Geo. Mc Williams,LPhones 301J,BourbonDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.BourbonbtKParts KentuckyGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND UCENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAY 1P.7; NIGHT 299.Tm cb W HT W clT cmIt Always Helpssays Mrs. Sylvania Woods, of Clifton Mills, Ky., inwriting of her experience with Cardui, the woman'stonic. She says further: "Before I began to useCardui, my back and head would hurt so -bad, Ithought the pain would kill me. 1 was hardly ableto do any of my housework. After taking three bottlesof Cardui, I began to feel like a new woman. I soongained 35 pounds, and now, I do all my housework,as well as run a big water mill.I wish every suffering woman would giveCARDUIThe Woman's Tonica trial. I still use Cardui when I feel a little bad,and it always does me good."Headache, backache, side ache, nervousness,tired, worn-out feelings, etc., are sure signs of womanly trouble. Signs that you need Cardui, the woman'stonic. You cannot make a mistake in trying Carduifor your trouble. It has been helping weak, ailingwomen for'more than fifty years.Get a Bottle Today!uippeaiomanIThe Shoe ManJWliMKHHtoLaundry;aftWest 5 Street WtotoWe Take Pleasure.fin 'oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundr3r line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon LaundrtWfamous to nne work and it idever goes bsck on its repu- y."tation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeWLaundry,toWHm HT HTflPl!J 64PublisherEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .2.00 Six Months. .1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, qach issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.bpacc a newspaper's stocktrad av some i of revenue.ANNOUNCEMENTS.inThe, News is authorized to make thefollowing announcements, subiect tothe action of the Democratic PrimaryAugust 2, 1913:For RepresentativeREUBEN" HTJTCHCRAIT.For State SenatorHON. J. "WILI CLAYRTTFTJS HADDENFor Commonwealth's AttorneyVICTOR A. BRADLEYFor County 'ClerkPEARCE PATONJ. WALTER PAYNEFor Police JudgeR. S. PORTERL. GRINNANTHOS. J. HOLLIDAYE. B. JANTUARY"."For CoronerGEO. M. KISERRUDOLPH DAVISFor MayorJ. T. HINTONJAS. M. O'BRIEN.For Police ChiefJ. C. ELGIN, Sr. 'iW. F. LINKGEO. M. HILLBEN BISHOPGEO. W. JUDYFor JailerJOSEPH FARRISW. O. BUTLERFor Councilmen v 'First "WardWHITTINGTON MANN.GEO. D. SPEAKES.W. T. BROOKS.Second "Ward.W. O. HINTON.BRUCE MILLER.W A. WALLEN. -- WE KENNEY,Third "Ward fJACK WOODS. JFor Assessor.R. M. GILKEY.L. B. Purnell, Deputy.JOHN S. WIGGINS.Wm. Lynch, Deputy.For County Judgec. a. McMillan.For County AttorneyGEO. BATTERTON.For MagistrateERNEST MARTIN, ParisL. J. FRETWELL, ParisA. L. STEVENS ON,ClintonvilleR. O. TURNER, Ruddles Mills.For SheriffW. F. TALBOTT,W. G. McCLINTOCK, DeputyJ. O. MARSHALL, DeputyKentucky Fair Dates.The following are the dates fixedfor holding the Kentucky fairs in 1913as far as reported:Mt. Sterling, July 234 days.Harrodsburg, July 29 4 days.Madisonville, July 29 4 days.Uniontown, Aug. 5 0 days.Taylorsville, Aug. 5 4 days.Tri-County Fair (Carroll, Gallatin,Owen), Saunders, Aug. 6 4 days.Danville, Aug. 6 3 days.Blue Grass Fair, Lexington, Aug. 110 days.Mt. Vernon, Aug. 6 3 days.Winchester, Aug. 6 4 days.Berea, Aug. 7 3 days.Fern Creek (Buechel), Aug. 12 4days.Leitchfield, Aug. 12 3 days.Henderson, Aug. 12 5 days.Brodhead, Aug. 13 3 days.PerryviHe, Aug. 13 3 days.Vanceburg, Aug. 13 4 days.PARIS, AUG. 195 days.Hardinsburg, Aug. 19 3 days.Lawrenceburg, Aug. 19 4 days.Shepherdsville, Aug. 19 4 days.Erlanger, Aug. 20 4 days.Stanfdrd, Aug. 203 days.Ewing, Aug. 21 3 days.Eminence, Aug. 21 3 days.Elizabethtown, Aug. 263 days.Shelby ville, Aug. 26 4 days.London, Aug. 26 4 days.Nicholasville, Aug. 26 3 days.Florence, Aug. 27 4 days.Germantown, Aug. 27 4 days.Alexandria, Sept. 2 5 days.Fulton, Sept. 2 5 days.Frankfort, Sept. 2 4 days.Somerset, Sept. 2 i days.Bardstown, Sept. 3 4 days.Barboursville, Sept. 3 3 days.Tompkinsyille, Sept. 3 4 days.Franklin, Sept. 4 3' days.Hadgenville, Sept. 9 3 days. ' .Monticello, Sept. 9 4- days. , ' ;Morgantown, Sept. ll days.SWIFT, CHAMP,czarJUDGE GIVEN SEVERE JOLTStone Thrown Through Window Wasas Long as Jurist's Head, butNot So Thick.They were speaking about the funnyones that occasionally bulge out in theaugust courtroom the other eveningwhen Senator Henry Lippett of. RhodeIsland recalled the discomfiture thatonce came to a New England judge.The case before the court, the senator said, was directly due to the erratic flight of a rock that had gonethrough a plate-glass window. Theman who threw the rock was in theprisoners' pen, and an old lady whohad seen the excitement was in thewitness chair trying to describe thesize of the missile.This apparently was no easy job,for, after the lawyers had futilelyworked for several minutes, the judgetook up the examination."Look this way, madam," said hishonor, closing his hand. "Was thestone you saw thrown as big as myfist?""It was bigger," answered the witness with impressive deliberation."I see," returned the judge, closingboth hands together. "Was it as bigas my two fists?""It was bigger," rejoined the oldlady in the same slow voice."Good," returned the judge, with a! look of encouragement. "Was thestone as big as my head?""It was just about as long as yourhead," slowly replied the witness, "butnot quite so thick." Boston Transcript. EITHER WAY.He Woman is more beautiful thanman.She Oh, yes, naturally.He Oh, no, artificially.Absurd Deduction."John," complained Mrs. Dorkins,"the ashes and garbage in our alleyhave not been carted away for morethan six weeks! I wish you wouldnotify the authorities.""It wouldn't do any good, Maria,"said Mr. Dorkins. "The city has nomoney to pay for having the ashesand garbage hauled away. The explanation has been given a hundredtimes."'No money? Why, that's awful!Then even the mayor and the aldermen have to go without their pay,don't they?""O, Maria, what you don't knowabout the business of running a citywould fill a dozen Carnegie libraries ! "Pertinent Question.Prof. Bliss Perry likes to tell thisstory about a suffrage, meeting whicha friend of his attended. After considerable business had been disposedof by the suffragists, one of theirnumber made a motion that the women living in the town where the meeting was held should endeavor at thenext election to place a woman onthe school board. The presiding officer said, referring to the motion, "Isthere any question?". For a few moments there was silence. Then a shrill voice far up inthe gallery said sweetly: "Will youplease tells us how you get thatsmooth effect over the hips?" Cleveland Leader.A Traitress."She was drummed out.""Expelled from the suffragette?""Yea; they ascertained that stie wasmerely hiking to take off weight,randriot through any real zeai, for, "thecause. " , v sOilFeverlsM aad Ache all OresFeel worn out-blue and tired? Don't let your cold developinto bronchitis, pneumonia or catarrh. The reliable alterative and tonic which has proven its value in the pase dV years 13WSL PIERCE'SGMB McCTicaMRestores activity to the livr and to the circulation the blood 13purified, the digestion and appetite improved ancrthe whole bodyfeels the invigorating force of this extract of native medicinalplants. In consequence, the heart, brain and nerve3 feel therefreshing influence. For over 40 years thi3 reliable remedy hasbeen sold in liquid form by all medicine dealers, Ifc can now alsobe obtained in tablet form in $1.00 and 50c boxes. If your druggistdoesn't keeo it, send 50 one-cent stamps to R.V.Pierce, M.D. Buffalo.The Common Sense Medical Ackn3era book of1008 page3 answers all medical questions.Send 31c in one-cent stamps to R, V. Pierce, M. D.So me Hot News.We will in a few days receive a car of SemiAnthricite Coal. It has the Pocahontas fracture, isa much harder Coal therefore comes a betterpreparation, and is an ideal Furnace Cpal.ANALYSISVolatile 30.1 0Carbon 66.00Moisture 40Ash. j: 3.50Is you are interested in a first-class furnaceCoal, come to the yard ofDodson & DentonThe Home of Good CoalYards, South Main St. Coth Phones 140Now:is the time to laySfeC&rgfcXCQc;fc1.2,3.Sells My ProductsGets Best Prices ,Brings Supplies7. Pays Jb or ltselr Over and Over j L&Seven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet.Forjnformation, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated.,Everv WomanCome to the BigCASH - RAISINGTwillBi. DepaiH sioieCorner Seventh and Main Sfcs.Big Bargains in Dry Goods, Dressgoods, Silks, Ladies' and. Misses' Skirts, Waists. Dresses, Millinery,'Shoes, Slippers, Etc. ." We are agents for Pictorial Patterns, Buster Brown Hose,Bon Bon and W. B. Corsets.ftjiiutZi j jjj j j jam iijip 1 y- - 3T1Xsaid Ridht Over Wo'odSbin glesNo Dirt, No Bother In a very short time any building can liave its firetrap covering turned into a modern Jirc-pncf, storm-proof, Ughtning-proefroof at a very moderate, coct a roof that will lact as long as the building,and never need repairs. 4For Sale byBest & riawkins, Millersburs, Ky.?ITaiscovery??5r..,.in your Winter Coal5&ASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the CumberlandjTeLiephone works for him. He will reply:4. Protects the Home x,5. Helps the Housewife6. Increases Profits , mS(Sale, Vricg- flMORE POTTERY IS NOW MADE$w m .mw tK M. .BW H. MB -W. W .M. HW. Mfe. Mfe'iH. ftkkM$$Sm$ amalgamated arcV-M&.1a.the Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important in thehome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by getting the oil that burnsclear and clean without a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Costs no more than the Inferiorlink-wagon oils saves MONEY saves"WORK saves eyes.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Chas. C. Stoll Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "No Carb"Auto Oil.No matter whether the thermometerregisters 105 above or 25 below zero,Amalgamated Arc Roofingcan't be affected a. particle.No matter the curves or valleys ofyour roof you need no tin to coverthem, for Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGis very pliable. It is the Perfect Roofing,and the insurance rate is no higher thanwhen slate or metal is used.We authorize our agents to refund the moneyIf our Roofing is not perfectly satisfactory.AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO.Chicago, Illinois 'Sold by Millersburg Coal andLumber Co.,Millersburg, Ky.Miss Margaret K. Caden,210 M ain. Street, Lexington, Ky.Special Display of. . . Summer Hats . .Moderate Pricessec98oseoe3Meeeee6eeeeLow Round Trip Faresfrom Paris toNew York & Boston30 day limit Tourist fares toNew York $28.0060 day limit variable route fares toNew York $31.95 Boston $35.55Reduced round trip fares to many other cities and resorts in the EastSuperior Service to the EastFor particular, rates, folders, descriptiveliterature and sleeper reservations, addressW. H. HARRIS, Ticket AgentNATIONAL CONSERVATION EXPOSITION. KN0XVILLE, SEPTEMBER-OCTOBER, 1913Value of Production and Importationsfor Last Year Was in Excessof $46,000,000.People are using and breaking morecups and saucers than ever before.Last year, according to figures compiled by Jefferson Middleton of theUnited States Geological survey, pottery to the value of ?4G,059,Gy-i wasconsumed in the United States. Ofthis sum the domestic product wasvalued at $36,504,164 and the importedproducts at $9,555,530. The output ofpottery for the United States in 1912showed an increase in value of $1,985,604 over that for 1911. Every productexcept stoneware and yellow andRockingham ware participated in theincrease. The variety showing thelargest absolute gain was sanitaryware, which increased $870,797, andthe largest proportional gain was inporcelain electrical supplies, which increased $695,215. The value of whiteware, including china but excludingsanitary ware and porcelain electricalsupplies, was $17,006,736 in 1912, compared with $16,424,236 in 1911. China'ware showed an increase of $119,320,the value reported for 1912 being thehighest ever recorded.Ohio continued to he the leadingpottery-producing state of the Union,reporting wares valued at $15,508,735,or 42.49 per cent, of the total, an increase of $733,470. Ohio's principalDottery product is white ware, whichrepresents general household wares.New Jersey was the second largestpottery-producing state, the value ofits product in 1912 being $8,935,920,an increase of $533,979. The principal pottery product of the state issanitary ware. "West Virginia wasthird in 1912, with ware value at $3,365,166, or $484,964 more than thej value of the output in 1911. New York.Pennsylvania, Indiana and Illinoiswere fourth, fifth, sixth and seventh,respectively, in the value of output in1912.According to Mr. Middleton's report,which has been issued as an advancechapter from "Mineral Resources" for1912, the pottery industry was in ahigh state of development during theyear and the value of the pottery pror.ucts marketed was the largest in thehistory of the industry. This was duepartly to the general prosperity enjoyed by the country at large, butmore especially to the steady improvement in the wares themselves in body,design, and decoration. American pottery Is gaining a stronger hold on themarket, Incoming more popular everyyear. Many if not most of the besthotels and clubs in the country arenow using large quantities of domesticchina.am !? I1gfiU-Sd--"" " m I J;yulWTWgjM--IBB I I WjggMore Than Engaged.'A nice young couple in our crowdwas married this summer," relates anice young fellow in the same crowd,'and when they got back from theirhoneymoon they went to housekeeping in a certain apartment house inthe east end. They had one servanta little girl whose mother used to dothe washing for her folks, andwho, therefore; knew all about them,and came cheap and willing. Well, Iwent to call on them the other evening. "The little maid met me at thedoor. She had known me when Icalled on the girl before she wasmarried, so she smiled when -she nojticed who I was. But I was polite."'Are Mr. and Mrs. Smith athome?' I asked." Yes, Mr. Brown,' she said.' 'Are they engaged at present?'"'Why, Mr. Brown!' cried the littlegirl, blushing, 'they're married.'"Cleveland Plain"Ei" or 'Me?'NCWlYORKOUCBCC WAGARA fU3ADIRONDACK MTS,ALBANYWASHINGTONnwimiAk n. Iiooo siH5sror?-r-ir4isC' 4IkTSa'!P W. EL.1andNew England Points jSee that your ticket reads viar.t evjmv 'Tho WntPY.T j.up1 Route"And take your choice of boat or trainbetween Detroit and Buffalo andbetween Cleveland and Buffalo. j Jox IX -r im j. "NToror, "Poliootop on u you iikc at Niagcu.a. x "f the world's greatest cataract. 1The trip between Albany and New Yorkmay be made by luxurious train or by Hudson River steamerall tickets are optional.Prof. Alfred E. Stearns, principal ofthe Phillips Andover academy, said atJ ! the recent alumni dinner in New York:"The easiest way in raising funds,as in other things, is the wrong way.I remember a man and his easy spelling rule."In Orange in my childhood I oncecomplained of the difficulties of spelling. I said that 'ei' and 'ie' in suchwrords as 'believe' and 'receive' alwaysstumped me."Then this man patted me on thehead and smiled and said:" 'My boy, I will give you an infallible rule of "ei" and "ie" a rule thatJn 47 years has never failed me.'"I expressed my delight and waited.The man resumed: '"'The rule is simply this: Writeyour "i" and "e" exactly alike and putyour dot exactly between them.' "Results of Japanese System.Whatever criticism might be of-i fered as to the methods of trainingor defects thereof in school or home,one undeniable truth stands out boldly: Despite its faults, or because ofits virtues, Japan's system of education has produced men splendidlybrave and noble, and women whoselives stand for all that is tender andbeautiful in womanhood and motherhood. Culinary.For tickets and all information 'see your localagent or addressE. R. WHELENGeneral Agent Passenger DepartmentCincinnati, OhioMiRK&2iiUKCatty."My husband never makes a, fool ofhimself.""Really?""Yes, really: Can you ever tell meof an instance in which he made a foolof himself?""How can you believe I am so anxious to hurt your feelings?"Equivocal."I hope these people you are helping, live a life of virtue.""I can answer for two of the virtues, at least, for they . certainly livein hope that they are going to live oncharity.'-'. . .The Studebaker"25Touring CarIs, we believe, in .power, economy of maintenance, easy riding qualities and mechanical excellence, by far the best car ever offered ata low price.The "25" is a thoroughly high grade automobile. In it will befound essentially the same design, materials and workmanship as inour high-priced cars, while, in performance under all kinds of roadconditions, it is exceptionally efficient.The motor is powerful, but at the same time very quiet. Bymeans of an acetylene primer it is readily started, even in the coldest weather.The "25" is remarkably simple to control and easy to handle.It can be turned in a small circle. It picks up speed wonderfully,and is an ideal car for swift progress through heavy traffic. It surpasses in hill climbing and in work on muddy roads.Notice the complete equipment. The uphostry is deep, thepainting and body work of the best. The seats are roomy. The"25" will give unqualified satisfaction.Price Complete, $88525 H. F. Long Stroke Motor, Five Passenger, Acetylene Primer 'Prest-O-Lite Tank, Electric Horn, Top, Windshield,Speedometer, Extra Rim, etc. 'on; Garage and Supply Co.,Cor. Fourth andfHigtf Sts., Paris, Ky.Bourbass mSj S7mPittsburgh Perfect" FenceThe Fence made entirely of No. 9 Wireis the Cheapest you can buy. Read whyNo. 9 wire is stronger and takes moregalvanizing in proportion to its size thansmaller wire. Fences made entirely ofNo. 9 wire last many years longer inproportion than lighter weight fences, costno more to string, cause less trouble, arebetter at all times. These are technicalfacts. "Pittsburgh Perfect" "jumbo".Fences, made entirely of No. 9 wire inmany styles and sizes, are the strongestmade because of the Electrically "Weldedjoints, most durable because of the highquality Open Hearth Wire and pure zincgalvanizing, and the most economicaland satisfactory fences in the world.Specify "jumbo" and save money.Made in Different Styles for HELD, FARM, RANCH, LAWN, !;.-.. Prkfl fTiafi TiffedCHICKEN, POULTRY and RABBIT YARD and GARDEN VCrJ UUU UUCUOUlCCUAsk your dealer for "Pittsburgh Perfect" and insist on his furnishing it. Do not allow him to persuadeyou that some other fence is just as good. If he doesn't sell it, write us direct."Pittsburgh Perfect" Brands of Barbed Wire;Bright, Annealed & Galvanized Wire; TwistedCable Wire; Hard Spring Coil Wire; FenceStaples; Poultry Netting Staples; Regular WireNails; Galvanized Wire Nails; Large(HeadRoofing Nails; Singlw Loop Bale Ties; "Pittsburgh Perfect" Fencing. All made of OpenHearth matermLJNIf vou are interested in Wire Fencing, writefor FREE copy of our ALMANAC, 1913Pittsburgh Steel Co.Pittsburgh, PennsylvaniamAdministrator's Notice.All persons having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Sallie B. Turley willplease present -the same to the undersigned Administrator on or beforethe first day of August, 1913, provenaccording to law, and all personsknowing themselves indebted to threstate of Mrs. Sallie B. Turley wilplease pay same to the undersigneAdministrator at once.WM. SPARKS,Leesburg, Ky.Adm'r of Mrs. Sallie B. Turley.10-3t-lewofTHE POISONER. ?iiiiIiI6A human fiend who would enter our stores and markets bynight and, after gorging himself, leave poison in all the remaining food, to spread suffering,disease and death throughout thecommunity, would be execrated,pursued and torn to pieces byan outraged populace. Yet auseless insect, playing this roleto perfection, is living among usconstantly and is regarded merely as a mild source of annoyance, often as a subject of jest.DESTROY THE FLY!Itl.,.,..,..,,.,,!C " "Low Special RatesOpen to YOU a safe year around Cream Marker, at the Highest Creamery Butter price for Uie Butter Fat, 28c. being the lowest price to date thiayear, and 38c. the highest Quotation of the winter months. "Sell Us Your CreamVCut down your work Put on more cows Increase the fertility o?vour soil and raise a Cash Crop. &Afix.v ..,.- ' - -aty 'Spot Cashis paid for veery shipment giving a steady year around income from the'sale of Butter Fat.Shipments of Cream should be made at least twice a week .duringthe summer and every four or five days in the winter, and the railway;companies have low special baggage rates for handling cream.Write for free trial cans today or ship in your own cans. 7:x. jThe Tri-State Butter Company,Cincinnati, Ohio.Capita! Stock, $75000 ,5,000 Shippers? in 3 StatervVaEfc-f ' "- -v--'vv- " :.sj.v-fTX .t'.1 fVXTHE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, BQURBON COUNTY, KY., JULY I, 1913-, fAbsx-kzkiiMSKJjMiW----------------H -v v H jflHr IP tsfli r ---. -irBHftHH kjV h H ! $9988 k HBfill Kv .BeginsClosesMonday, July 7Saturday, July 19SOst9l(Ct96e999ee$eeeeeQ$C99eet9e90eC9Now For The Semi-Annual Clean-Up SaleOur July Clearance Sale has come to be recognized as a genuine bargain event, a real money-savingopportunity for all, Having purchased very heavily this season, our stocks are unusually large.We will include in this sale:Silks IJ Dress GoodsWash Goods2 White Goods gJ Linens JTable LinensS Napkinsg Bed Spreads gg Hosiery gLacesg Embroideries gg Handkerchiefs gFancy Linen Piecesg Lace Curtains gm mShirtwaists 8sRibbonsCorsetsMuslin UnderwearUmbrellasParasolsoweSs&c, c.08CGCOSCSe(S'Se2GGC(5Come and Give Us an Opportunity to Save Yoaj529531 Main Streetv ff pi1PBmm I IPARIS, KY.The Store That Gives the Most Charssre BccJThe Bourbon NewsEstablished Feb. 1, 1881.SWIFT CHAMP,- Editor andPublishermiin m i 1 1 i iri ii in i n ii ii ill i ! iiwi ii ii fi i iiinium mm nnni !PAYS PENALTY IN CHAIR.Entered at tlie Paris Kentucky Postoffice as Mail Matter of the SecondGlass.)KENTUCKY-OKLAHOMANS"PLAN STATE FEDERATION.Kentuckians in Oklahoma Tvill meetin Oklahoma City July 12 to organizer the State Federation of KentuckyClubs. The call for the meeting has"been sent out by the officials of theOklahoma City Kentucky Club to the43,000 expatriate Kentuckians now livlng in the "Sooner" State.The call, which is signed by J. R.Keaton, formerly of Grayson, Ky.,president of the club in Oklahoma.City ; Mrs. E. G. Bedford, formerly.-of Paris ;vice-prasident; Scott Thompson, formerly of Lexington, treasurer, and M. Cornelius, formerly ofHusellville, Sect, outlines the worklioped to be done by a State FederaN fion.It is planned to build a Kentuckyhome on the Statue Fair Grounds atOklahoma City, with logs importedfrom Kentucky. The building is tohouse at least 1,000 persons. Besidesthe idea of the federation is to keepalive in the hearts and minds of theKentucky-Oklahomans their interestin their native State.In the same letter with the call forthe organization of the federation isa request for the names of all Kentuckians in the State, that the Kentucky-Oklahomadirectory may berevised for the year.BURIAL ASSOCIATION OPENS.The BolirbonCounty Burial Association opened for business last week"with headquarters at the undertakingestablishment of Mr. George W. Davis.The officers are: Geo. W. Davis, President; W. W. Mitchell, Vice-President;J. "Will Stone, Secretary; George R.Davis, Treasurer.f ARCEL POST STAMPS VALIDON ALL MAIL AFTER JULY 1.J Parcel post stamps will be valid onall classes of mail on and after July 1and ordinary stamps, including commemorative issues, will be good forpostage on parcel post packages, under an order issued by PostmasterGeneral Burleson.As the distinctive parcel post stampcould heretofore be used only on oneclass of mail matter ;much annoyancewas caused the public. Mr. Burlesonexplained that this stamp was designed for use temporarily only, to determine the amount of revenue derived from the parcel post. This hasnow been ascertained, he said, and-the department believes that the public should not be caused further inconvenience.General May, on the stock of whosepistol was said to have been carvedeight significant notches, was electrocuted in the State penitentiary at Ed-j dyville Friday:May, who was crhistene,.! Uviiir..l,was condemned for the murJor oiMrs. Belle Meredith, of Clay county.Mrs. Meredith was shot down alterI May had killed her husband. Theyhad differed over a boundry line.May was first convicted for te murder of Meredith and sentenced for life.May had been a deputy sheriff. Ina fight several years ago he receivedtwelve bullet wounds and was leftfor dead.May had said that he was sure hewould not die a anatural death andthat as he had lived forty-three years,he would rather know when the endwas to come so he could be prepared.DARK HOSE LANDS WINCHESTER POSTMAST.ERSHIP.The first primary election for theoffice of postmaster ever, held in Central Kentucky was conducted by theDemocrats of Clark County Saturday,and Mr. Samuel King, a country merchant, living near Ruckerville, wasgiven the nomination with a total of732 votes. Charles C. vMcMord, abrother of Chief of Police McCord,was second with 544. The vote of theother candidates was as follows:Miss Mamie Turner, 335; W. T. Fox,326; W. D. Clark, 27; J. E. Black, 25.The open ballot was used.HOT WEATHER.Kimonas, dresses and materials ofall kinds, at Frank & Co.'s big sale.NEW TOBACCO SALESWAREHOUSE PROJECTED.The success of the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company last seasonhas inspired growers and dealers withthe idea that another warehouse forhandlin gthe crops would be equallysucessful, hence the" Paris TobaccoWarehouse Company has been organized, composed of Messrs. Dan Peed,O. Edwards and George W. Ellis, ofParis, and Mr. Buford Allen, a wealthytobacco dealer of Fayette county.The necessary 25,000 to start thenew enterprise has all been subscribedand the company hopes to be readyfor business in the fall. The warehouse for the new company will belocated on South Main street, near theplan of the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company, the offices to be onMain street and the warehouse properto front on Barns' Addition. Theplant will be as near fire-proof as possible, being built of steel. Ampleshed roojn will be provided' for, andthe new building will have a capacityof about 200,000 pounds a day.The matter of securing a permit tobuild an iron-clad warehouse is beforethe Improvement Committee of theCity Council, objection having beenraised by several property holders inthe vicinity of the proposed site, anda report will be made at the nextmeeting of the council. &.iLUKE McLUKE SAYSAny man who has lived his life will'admit that there are more fools thancrooks in the world.The man that brags that he AvillT- Any Old Thing Once is always- )ili ring where other people get allth i money.What has become of the old-fashioned-manwho wore a pair of sus-pcnJe'-si'i! a belt at the same time?You Ci.ii , t used to anything. Iknow a poor sucker who has had totake it so otten that Castor Oil tastesgood to him.Sometimes the man who knocksyou gives you a higher rating than theguy who is boosting you.When a man can't make a dollar aday talking sense, he can always goout lecturing on Eugenics and make agood living.A 110-pound woman can take a pintof tears and whip any 210-pound manliving.As a rule there isn't a thing goingon after midnight, but a dog and a reformer find lots to bark aft.A boy hates soap and water untilhe discovers that there is a Girl in the.world. After that his face is alwayschapped from scrubbing it too much.A girl doesn't worry much becauseher gloves wrinkle l5elow the elbows,but it is deferent with her stockings.A woman is a person who wants herhusband to whip a street car conductor .because she got on the wrong carand the conductor wouldn't accept hertransfer.There are only two things a womancan't beat. One is a gas meter andthe other is a hard-boiled egg.Any time a man finds his wife isn'tsuspicious of him he had better stayat home and pay some attention toher.Love is a disease and onions andmarriage are the only cure. Cincin"nati Enquirer.FOREST NOTES.The Balkan War has broughtabout a rise in certain lumber pricesin Europe bcause of the big demand for wood for ammunition boxes.Dogwood, the principal source ofshuttles for use in cotton mills, isgrowing scarcer year by year, and various substitutes are being tried, butwith no great success.The officials of the Yosemite National Park are co-operating with the forest officers of the Stanislaus and Sieranational forests for fire preventionand control both in the park and theforests.Experiments with a tree plantingmachine at the Utah Agricultural Experiment Statioin indicate that it maybe used to advantage in reforestingold burned areas on the national forests. The leading forest schools of thecountry not only have treir own foresttracts for continuous experiments, butgive their students actual experiencein the wods by taking them out andhaving them take part in big lumbering operations. ir'fmtmammmxssff flytflggp9IAnybody Can Operate Brinley Lever less CuitivotorsBefore You Buy Investigate theBrinly Leverless Cultivator.NO LEVERS NO SPRINGSALWAYS IN BALANCENo Neck Weight or Flying Upof NPole.Will Do More Work, Do It Better, Longer and Easierand Without Those Frequent Break-downs vYou Have With Other CultivatorsDraft One-fourth Lighter than on Ordinary Cultivators.For Sale ByYerkes & Prichard,Dealers inParm "Machinery, Wagons, Buggies, ka4 and! Salt,Automobiles and GarageK5j Ikt.rV.:.. -V v'Jr.it.t".hecxit)HAS THE BESTOF ALL UNES MADEHOUSe FOJRNBSfiiSNGSo If you want o gefcthe best at fcShe Bowes tprice, see -my stockof house-furnishings&vcTtIhTnn.CLEARANCE SALE.Frank & Co.'s big Summer sale begins Saturday, July 5th.ELECTED VICE-PRESIDENT.At a meeting of the world-wide Bar-aca-PhilatheaUnion at Nashville,rponn last weeK jjuuibi yj- .ivonviuo,ol this city, wasdent.elected Vice-Presi-MEETING THURSDAY.The Babies Health League will lnegtThursday afternoon at 4 o'clock atthe home of the President, Mrs. Wade"Whitley, on Vine street. The public iscordially invited.REMNANT TABLEAt Frank & Co.'s will be full ofd" -irable materials in short lengthstL-j sale. Begins July 5th.LEAVES FOR THE WEST.Air. John Ireland, the prominentturfman, of this city, left yesterday forButte, Mont., where he will act as ajudge at the Butte races. Mr. Irelandhas been attending the Latonia meeting. NEGRO TO BE TRIE RONCHARGE OF LUNACY.Ed. Small the well-known coloredblacksmith, is being held in the Parisjail awaiting the outcome of his condition before he -will be placed ontrial on the charge of lunacy. Small,it is said, has been acting queerly during the past several weeks, and hewas taken in charge by the officials.He is under the care of a physicianSuits $15 and $18.See our Blue Serge Norfolk suits at$15 and $1S before you buy. They arethe latest thing. We will "save youmoney.16-tf HIGGINS & FLANAGAN.GIVEN JAIL SENTENCE.James Wilson, a confessed negrochicken thief, was given a sentnce ofsixty days in jail in Magistrate L. J.Fretwell's court Friday.Wilson was charged with takingchickens from Mr. Alex Rice on Mt.Airy Avenue, who has been missingchickens from his poultry yard forseveral weeks. Mr. Rice caught Wilson in the yard, and marched himover to Main street where he wasturned over to the police, and hati hisrial Friday, receiving the aboe sentence on his confession of guilt.FRUIT JUICE AND WATER.Grape Juice, Ginger Ail, Appolinairs, water and everthiug to keep youcool.It C. P. COOK & CO.INDIANS HERE JULY 9.The strong Nebraska Indian baseball team will play the Paris AthleticClub team at White Park, on Wednesday, July 9. They are as fast ontheir feet,as Indians ever are, and aresure fielders. At bat they are viciousand with wonderful accuracy of theeye they are able to clout the best ofpitchers. These great genuine Indian experts have appeared with greatsuccess throughout the United Statesand Canada, and have an envious record to their credit, and are withoutdoubt the greatest Indian ball team inthe world.STRING SHIPPED EAST.The racing string of Woodford Clay,of Bourbon, consisting mostly of two-year-olds,including Breakers, Magnet,Roamer and other clever performers,was shipped Friday from Latonia toSaratoga, in charge of Trainer French-Brooks. It was the intention of Mr.Clay a week or two ago to send thestring first to Canada before shippingthem to the Springs, but as there wereseveral of the bunch ailing slightly heJinally concluded they would do betterby resting up until the Saratoga meeting begins.CALICOES 5 CENTS.Best grades at Franksummer sale, July 5.& Co.'s mid-R. L. THOMAS SUFFERSSTROKE OF PARALYSIS.Mr. R. L. Thomas, of Lexington, formerly of Paris, a prominent lumberman, and son of the late Capt. J. M.Thomas, is confined to his home fromthe effects of a stroke of paralysishe suffered "while out driving Thursday afternoon.Mr. Thomas was attacked by thestroke shortly before 6 o'clock, whileriding in his automobile. He was immediately taken to his home and physicians were swnmoned to his assistance. It is impossible to state how seriousa condition Mr. Thomas is now in, and-his physicians say that his case willrequire a great deal of close watching.His right sid eand speech are affected-by the attack.T.ntAst. renorts from the bedside ofMr. Thomas are to the effect that he? imDrovine: from the stroke, whichwill he gladly received by his numer-ous friends in this-ity.ID PERSONALMrs. J. D. Burnaugh visited inCynthiana last week- ,Mr. T. A. Crawford, of Louisville,was a visitor in Paris yesterday.Miss Elizabeth Yerkes left Saturday for a visit to relatives in Dan-i vrrle. 'Mr. John M. Brennan has returnedfrom a two-weeks' stay at OlympianSprings.Mr. and Mrs .John Barns, of Mt.Sterling, are the guests of relatives inthis city.Mr. Louis Schenker, of Covington,formerly of Paris, was avisitor in thecity yesterday.Mrs. Anna Berry Hill and baby, ofNewport, are the guests of Mr. andMrs. Sidney G. Clay.Prof, and Mrs. J. S. Johnson andchildren are visiting Mr. and Mrs. W.S. Johson in Fayette county.Miss Elizabeth Hinton returnedhome Friday, from a visit to Miss Jessica Litsey, at Harrodsburg.Rev. and Mrs. FW. Eberhardt, ofFrankfort, are visiting at the home ofMr. Chas. Larue, near Shawha n.Miss Emma Evans is -the guest ofMiss Emma L. Bryan and Mrs. W. F.Bryan, at Woodbridge Stock Farm.Mrs. Jos. M. Hall has returnedfrom St. Joseph's Hospital, Lexington,much improved after a slight operation. Mr. Francis Cheek, of Danville,came over to attend the dance givenby Miss Frances Clay, Friday evening, at the Elks' Hall.Dr. W. C. Ussery and daughter,Miss Dorcas Usery, visited Mrs. Ussery, who is ill at a Cincinati hospitalSunday.Mr. John Welsh and sister, MissGertrude Welsh, left yesterday to attend the funeral of their uncle, Mr.James Welsh.Mr. and Mrs. Milton C. Brown, ofCleveland , O., returned home yesterday, after a weeks' visit with Mr. andMrs. Robert Frank.Misses Arabelle and ElizebethCrouch, of North Middletown, wereguests last week of their sister, Mrs.William Bryan, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Erringer andtwo children, Miss Anna Doan andBill', of Detroit, are the guests of Mr.and Mrs. Lewis Rogers, on CaneRidgeMiss Eleanor Clay will entertainwith a dancing party at the home ofher parents, Mr. and Mrs. O. P. Clay,on the Georgetown pike on Thursdaynight.Mrs. Vernon Forman, entertainedSaturday afternoon with a bridge party at her home in Lexington.Amongth guests was jilrs. X. F. Brent, ofthis city.Mr. Elliott West, of Nicholasville,and Mrs. Howard McConathy, and son,Donald McConathy, of Lexington, arevisiting Mrs. T. M. Funk, on SouthMain street.Miss Marguerite Douglass left Friday morning for a visit to friends inLexington, accompanied by her giiestsMr. Spencer Snow, of Tampa, Fla.,Mr. Keith Phillips, of Memphis.Mrs. Harry Rogers Harp, of Georgetown, who has accepted a positionas a member of the faculty of theBourbon Female College, was theguest several d?ys last week of Prof,and Mrs. M. G. Thompson.Miss Alice Rogers Clay, her guestMiss Mary Stuart Alexander and Mr.James H. Thompson, Jr., motored toHarrodsburg yesterday, where they attended a dance in that city lastnight.At the Country Club Saturdayevening the assembly was large andsociety had a delightful weekly reunion. Among those who entertainedwith dinner parties were Miss MaryFithian Hutchcraft and Miss MaryClay, of Paris.Mrs. Dan Moore, of Harrodsburg,Mr. A. T. Crawford, of Louisville,Price Moore, of Lexington, Mrs. Stella Duvall and Mr. Lyle Duvall, ofLouisville, and Mr. and Mrs. HarryMinter and daughter, Flossie, of thiscity, are guests of Mr. and Mrs. JohnDoty, at Shawhan, this week,entertaind with a dance for Her daughter, Miss Minnie Ball Moore, at Graham Springs last night. Among thosewho attended from this city were:Misses Allice Rogers Clay and her'guest, Miss -Alexander, of North Carolina. Elizabeth Brown, Messrs. JasThompson and Duke Brown.MrsCharlton Alexander chaperonedtheparty to Harrodsburg .Mr. and Mrs. J. Frank Clay entertained with a delightful dance at Elks'Hall on the 27th: The event was oneof the most brilliant of thesummerseason and was attended by aboutforty couples, among them being anumber of visitors. Miss Clay is entertaining four very attractive youngladies, Misses Fay and GladysBaughman and Lillian Armstrong, ofLouisiana, and Miss Ruth Triggs, ofTennessee, all of whom attendedschool with Miss Clay at Ward Seminary, Nashville, Tenn. A number ofpreety entertainments have been givenpretty entertainments have been givenfurnished by Thomas' SaxophoneTrio, Lexington, and the dance wasgracefully led by Miss Clay and Mr.Chas. A. McMillan. From a dainty appointed table with its decorations ofyellow daisies, frappe was served during the evening and at the intermission refreshments of ices ad cakeswere served. VSUMMONS SPECIAL VENIRETO TRY TIPTON'S SLAYERS.A special venire of seventy-five citizens of Bourbon county was summoned yesterday by Deputy SheriffRobert Scobee, of Clark county, to appear in the Clark County Court to-dayto report for jury service in the caseof the Commonwealth against Wm.Smothers, his three sons and RobertWilliams, charged with the murder ofTown Marshal Tipton, of Clay City.The case was transferred from thePowell Circuit Court on a change ofvenue.The slavers of Tipton werecaptured a short time after the killing,in Mt. Sterling and were taken back toClay City for arraignment.SOGAL JMT. AIRY PROPERTY SOLD.Mrs. George Crump, of Millersburg,sold last .week to Mr. Lewis T. Lilies-ton, herHwo-story frameshouse on'Mt. JAiry -Avenue, in Paris, adjoining theBarclay property, at a private price.FIRE DESTROYS MRS.SOUTH'S RESIDENCE.1'iro of inJi.iun oiijjii, by pi'j-vbl cussed by the hat from the ou.ifrom the tin roof, destroyed the residence of Mrs. John G. South, nearFrankfort, Sunday. The loss is estimated at $10,000. ,The place was purchased by Senator Bradley and presented to Mrs.South, who is the wife of Dr. South,president of the State Board of Health.She was formally Miss Christine Bradley, and is well known in this city.PARIS TO PLAY LEXINGTONRESERVES JULY FOURTH.The base ball team of the Paris Athletic Club will play its first week-daygame of the season on Friday, July 4,with the strong Lexington Reserves,one of the best amateur organizations in that city.This promises to be a game of muchinterest as the Paris team has shownup remarkably well in the two contests played with the Carlisle Club andthe Woolfolk Club, of Lexington. Linville and Beasley willbe the battery onthis occasion.Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.ROLLER AND CLAYTON TpWRESTLE HERE TO-NIGHT.Chas. Clayton, of Louisville, and Dr.Roller, the Seattle physician and athelete, will meet in a finished wrestlingmatch at the Paris Grand to-night.This will be Dr. Roller's last appearance in this city this season and willshow him at his best, as his adversary is one of the best in the country.No holds will be barred and the menwill wrestle at 210 pounds. "Strangler" Lewis will referee the bout,which guarantees satisfaction to all.The usual preliminary between twolightweights.MUCICAL COMEDY ATTHE PARIS GRAND.The management of The Paris Grandhave booked as an attraction for al lofthis week, except Tuesday, the Olympic Musical Comedy Co. This company consists of nine people, six girlsand three men, and the patrons of thistheatre will be given a treat in the wayof refined musical comedy.They played at the Danville OperaHouse last week to crowded housesJespite the Chautauqua, owing to thereal meiit of the show.Funny comedians, good singing anddancing, and pretty girls. vTATTERSALLS' GARN BURNED;40 HORSES CREMATED.For the third time within the lasttwenty years the Tattersalls mammoth barn, in Lexington, was totallydestroyed by fire at 4 o'clock Sundayafternoon, together with thirty-five orforty head of fine saddle and harnesshorses which became frightened by theflames and falling timbers, and although many of them had been turnedout of their stalls, they ran into thefire, instead of away from it and wereburned to death. The barn was valuedat $18,000, but the entire loss cannotbe estimated.SUBSCRIBER SEEKS INFORMATION. Editor Bourbon News:Some time last fall there was published in some Frankfort paper or apaper published in an adjoining countyto Frankm county, a criticism onJudge Denis Dundon, 'as presidingofficer of the County Judge's convention held in Frankfort. Will you tellus what paper it was in and will youpublish said article in the BourbonNews.A SUBSCRIBER.Centerville, Ky., June 28, 1913.We do not know what paper published the article regarding Judge DenisDundon, but we have heard of it. Ifit is possible we will secure a copy ofi the article referred to above and pub-lish it in the next issue of the News.EDITOR.WHEAT WANTED.We are in the market for wheat, de-hvered at Paris, also stations L. & N.and F. & C. R. R. Will pay highestmarket price. Call and get sacks.Both Phones 84.1 4t R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.SEIZED WITH CRAMPSNEGRO IS DROWNED.Clarence Bowman, a young negro,aged about 20 years, was drowned inStoner Creek Friday morning just before noon.Bowman, with several companionswas up the creek just above theMaysville railroad bridge, at the swimming place, and waded put beyond hising seized with cramps he struggledin the water, clutching anpther boydepth. Being unable to swim, or besmaller than himself, but was drowned, the others not being able to renderassistance.Bowman came here from Jimtown,Fayette county about two months ago,and has been doing odd jobs and living on Sycamore street.The body was recovered about twoo'clock Friday afternoon, and was taken to the undertaking establishmentof G. W. Davis.Coroner Rudolph Davis, accompanied by Officer McKenney, viewed theremains, and investigated the cause ofdeath, which was in accordance ivththe above facts.SILK DRESSESAt greatly reduced prices at Frankj & Co.'s mid-summer sale, beginninJ July: 5th. -yBICYCLES AND SUPPLIES.Wo have a fine line of bicycles andall kinds of supplies. Boyslet us attend to your bicycle, troubles.(24-4t)' LAVIN & CONNELL.The world's largest bucket dredgewas recently launched in Scotland foruse at the entrance tof the Suez canal.&4$4y40$$40&Q&00CANCER CUREDI guarantee every case I undertake; 20 years practice; reference, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.Ohildren Gan Beik55nee,Let them increase the joysof childhood and keep a record of them for "grown-up"days with aSo simple that a child canoperate them and make goodpictures $2, 3, $4, $5, $7,$10 and $12.rII.,8tJ SaJ. T. MI NT ftWood MantelsV.I ceaeaiBoBJuly ClearanceSale'tBegins8- Monday, July 7thClosesSaturday,eiW, Ed.Can't Keep ItSecret.The splendid work of Chamberlain'sTablets is daily becoming more widely known. No such grand remedy forstomach and liver troubles has everbeen known. For sale by all dealers.(MM HCJWgOnWi rfTHCS3CS3ClFor1913 model motor cycles and motorboats at bargain prices, all makes,brand new machines, on easy monthlypayment tflan. Get our propositionbefore buying or you will regret it,also bargains in used motor cycles.Write us to-day. Enclose stamp forreply. Address, Lock Box 11, Trenton,Mich. julyl-2tCottage of 5 rooms, newly paperedand painted, inside and out. Electriclights, water and sewer connections.Possession at once. Call East Tenn.Phone 34. tf?WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENTWill cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching Piles.It absorbs the tumors, allays itching at once,acts at a poultice, gives instant lehef.For sale by all druggists, mail o0c and 51 00.WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., CSeveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Drugist, Paris, Ky.Sale.For RentNappanee Kitchen CabinetWe do not claim this Cabinet to be the best in theworld, but we DO BELIEVE THAT IT. IS, and WEKNOW that it is a great deal better than some makesthat are much advertised and boosted "and we canshow you that they are. Seeing Js believing. Comeand see. Save you money.A swell new line of Brass Beds and Davenportsjust received. Save you money.Now is the time to buy your Wall Paper at bigreductions. Save you money.Refrigerators Greatly Reduced. Save you money.SAVES YOU MONEYUndertakingit:SJuly 19thTucker.9 flbMartinBrosFurniture Moving,City Transferand First-ClassLiveryvOur Facilities for lHeavy Hauling isGood.Our Livery is as good as theother fellows. Horses fedby the week or month.We would appreciate ashare of your business.Prompt attention given-aUorders.Both Phones 260.MARTIN BROS.,Eighth St.Paris, Kentucky9i! g' SmAmbulancev-"r-J--&4,s-.$Lfy- -sTPvTttEBOURBGN NEWS, PARIS, KY., JULY 1 1913e; -t.-,-;rfk 't8-atA. M. Caden210 W. Main St.,LEXINGTON, K,mHer Work Undone.After a woman lias spent twentyj years trying to make a man of herson, along comes another woman whoproceeds to make a fool of him "intwenty minutes.Master's SaleTRICKS OF MIND READINGWhere the Subject Involuntarily Furnishes a Clew That LaysSecret Bare.La Fro$1.50 Dp.Do the women inyour city knowwe specialize inLA FROThe Perfect FrontLaced Corset?V-OFTOWN LOT!Kate B. Mann, - -Noticeof Sale.Whittington Mann, &c,- Plaintiff-DefendantssoeH- o8 Pans Odorless Cleaning Co. 8Men's and Ladies' Suits Cleaned,Pressed and Repaired.Ladies' Serge White Suits and Fancy Silks our specialty.AH Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblocked to your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves'Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c.NHOiOIaMWBBaemmamnmTJder and by virtue of a iudement'of the Bourbon Circuit Court rendered in the above styled action, theundersigned Master Commissionerwill sell at public auction o thehighest and best bidder at the courthouse door in the city of Paris, Ky.,at about the hour of 11 o'clock, a.m., onMONDAY, JULY 14th, 1913,the following described property:Beginning tt the northwest cornerof the lot owned by Hattie HillMann Dudley at a stake in the southern margin of East Seventh street314.3 feet east on Pleasant street;thence running westardly along thesouth margin of Seventh street 60feet to a stake corner to Kate B.Mann's lot; thence with her linesouthwardly 130.2 feet to a stake inthe line of Geo. Alexander (formerlyNoah Spears' line) ; . thence with saidAlexander's line eastwardly 60 feetto a stake corner to the lot ofHattieHill Mann Dudley; thence with saidDudley's line northwardly 129 feet tothe point of beginning, being a part ofthe lot deeded to said Mrs. M. F.Hedges, by deed of record in theBourbon County Court Clerk's office,Deed Book 70, page 319, and mentioned in her will heretofore referred to.Said sale will be made upon a creditof six and twelve months for equalparts of the purchase money, purchaser being required to execute bondforf equal installments of the purchaseprice with good surety threon, to beapproved by the Master Commissionerpayable to said Master, and bearinginterest at the rate of 6 per cent,per annum fom date of saler untilpail, and to remain a lien upon theproperty sold until paid and to havethe force and effect of a judgment.c. a. McMillan,Master Commissioner Bourbon CircuitCourt.Ray Mann, Attorney.M. F. Kenney, Auct.(20-27-jul4)nTruck Replaced Three TeamsPC 1We all know one kind of mind reading which looks very astonishing andyet which there is no difficulty at allin explaining. Tt is a favorite performance on the stage, and not seldomtried as a parlor game. I refer to thekind of mind reading in which oneperson thinks of a hidden coin, andthe other holds his wrist and is thenable to find the secreted object, writesHugo Munsterberg in the Metropolitan. There is no mystery in such apparent transmission of the idea, because it is the result of small unintentional movements of the arm. Theone who thinks hard of the corner ofthe room in which the coin placedcannot help giving small impulses inthat direction. He himself is notaware of these faint movements, butthe man who has a fine sense of touchbecomes conscious of these movements in the wrists which his fingersgrasp, and under the guidance of theseslight movements he is led to the particular place.A very neat form of the same typeis often seen on the stage, when theperformer is to read a series of numbers in the mind of some one whothing intensely of the figures. Someone in the audience thinks of the num57. The performed asks him to thinkof the first figure then he grasps hishand and counts slowly from zero tonine. After that he asks him to thinkof the second figure and counts oncemore. Immediately after he will announce rightly the two digits. Againthere was no mystery in it. He knowsthat the man who thinks of the figure five will make a slight involuntarymovement when the five is reached incounting, and the same movement willoccur at the seven in the secondcounting. If he is very well treated,he will not need the touching of thehand; he will perform the same experiment with figures without anyactual contact whatever. It will besufficient to see the man who is thinking of a figure while he h'imself iscounting. As soon as the dangerousdigit is reached the man will givesome unintentional sign. Perhaps hisbreathing will become a degree dep'er or stop for a moment, his- eyelidsmay make a reflex movement, his fingers may contract a bit. This remainsentirely unnoticed by any one in theaudience, but the professional mindreader has heightened his sensibilityso much that none of these involuntary signs escape him Yet from thestandpoint of science his seeing thesesubtle signs is on principle no different from our ordinary seeing when aman points his finger in some direction.ammwrnrmwrrKJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!In eleven months this three-ton KisselKar Truck covered in actual service4,760 miles at a fuel cost of $1.08 per day. Manned by a driver and one helper,it replaced three teams of horses. The average daily burden was 37 17.20thstons. It carried an average load of four tons one ton overload but in the entire period named, was laid up only two and one-half hours for repairs.""We can recommend the KisselKar Truck and assure that it livesup to itsguarantee," writes Thomas E. Fleischer, manager of the Sheboygan Lime .Works.Two and one-half hours for repairs, carrying over 37 tons per day is a record worthyof notice. KisselKar Trucks cost little to maintain and are economical to operate becausethe problem is solved in KisselKar construction. iNote these striking KisselKar features Simpla engine easy to operate reserve powerexcess capacity differential lock preventing one drive wheel absorbing all the power onslippery places, and stalling the truck four speed transmitters geared up fourth speedpermitting high speed when desired without racing engine ; 15 to 20 per cent, lower fuelconsumption than average trucks light ' spring suspension for power plant, heavy springsuspension for load gauge thab weighs load greatest accessibility easy control largerbrake drums, and extra powerful brakes special bodies designed to meet every need.JusselJCar Urucko1 500 lbs.-1 -2-3-4 and 5 Tonsfind just the type that fillsKisselKar Service, whichyouris theIn the range of capacity, 1500 lbs. to 5 tons, you canrequirements and with the KisselKar Truck goes themanufacturer's guarantee of satisfaction.KisselKar Service means taking off your hands all of the mechanical details.A special service building is maintained in this city for the benefit of KisselKar owners.The KisselKar service is a broad and comprehensive arrangement between manufacturer andowners that cares for the car, maintains efficiency, retards depreciation and minimizes upkeep. This service is a valuable consideration in the purchase of a power wagon. Investigate it.Ask us to analyze your present horse haulage ss compared to motor haulage. The result will be interestingSend for free book showing KisselKar Trucks in actual use in your line and many otherlines of business.The Following Lines ojf Business Have RecentlyBought Kissel-Kar TrucksIron and Steel, Lumber, Textile, Milling, Giocery, Dry Goods, Dairy, Furniture, Fruit, Commission, Transfer, Bus, Hotel, Caterer, Brewery, Building Supplies, Contracting, Plumbing, Canning, Oil, Telephone,laundry, Bakery, Confectionery, Ice, Coal, Farming, Hardware, Ice Cream, Creamery, Produce, Crockery, Undertaking and to municipalities in Fire, Health and Police departments. We mak them to suit theneeds of any business.Diamond Cut Diamond.In the days gone by they had beensweethearts; but, alas, hatred is everakin to love, and the relationship hadchanged in this case.One day the former lover had tomake a business call on the girl's father and, of course, it so happenedthat she answered the door.'I beg your pardon,' said the youngman, keeping his nerve in the tryingcircumstances remarkably well, "MissPerkins, I think? Is your father in?""No, he's not, I'm sorry to say.Did you wish to see him personally?"asked the maiden, without the slightest sign of recognition showing inher eyes."Yes; but it will do tomorrow.Thank you. I will call again! Goodafternoon!"But this was too much. As hereached the bottom step the ladyspoke:"Pardon me! Who shall I saycalled?"TRE J9B R60fflS OFTHEBRB0NNewsfS?- Are prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asJ9As the Youngster Saw Him.Here is another proof that we cannever see ourselves as others see us.This time it is supplied in a story toldby Congressman Claypool of Ohio."Some time ago," said the congressman, "the ticket agent of an Ohio railroad was called to the brass-barredwindow of his little office. Before thewindow stood a motherly little woman.Beside her stood a bright-faced boy." 'Please, sir,' said the motherly little woman, addressing the agent,'what time does the next train leavefor Columbus?'"'It leaves at 2:48, madame,' answered the agent with a slight air ofannoyance. 'I have already told youthat no less than six times in the lasthour.'" 'I know you have, sir,' gently returned the motherly little woman ; 'butJohnny likes to see you come to thewindow. -He says it reminds him ofthe zoo.' "Phone 21 65.O. R. HUKLE,51 3 West Main Street, -Lexington,New Asparagus Product.Cellulose is now recovered from thewaste of asparagus canning factoriesby the recently discovered process ofOtto Reinke of Hamburg. He alsomakes use of the stalks which matureafter the edible crop is gathered.Heretofore these residues have beenpractically worthless, except as fertilizers, as they have but little nutritive value when used as coarse paperor packing- materials have not resulted satisfactorily. After undergoing a comparatively simple mechanical and chemical treatment they yielda beautiful pure cellulose, which maybe used for bandage, blasting material, paper, tissues, fine felt, cardboard, etc.BILLHEADS.LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.A Thankless Business."Job was the .most patient man,wtfsn't he, father?""Yes; he was the most patient man.Everybodyimposed on him.""And what business was. he in?""He kept a drugstore, I 'judge."Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.stu Bourbon Hews,104 Issues a Year for4$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.mmmmmiL.JN,&-&-!ft -THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS; KY.; JULY 1 1913Special Rates & Excursions.Eucursion to Cincinnati, Ohio,and returnSunday, 3uly 6,$1.50 ROUND TBIPThis train leaves Paris at 7:50 a.in., arriving uun.iiiimu xv. .m., returning leaves Fourth St.station, Cincinnati, at 7 p. m.Tickets good on special trainonly.Low round-trip Summer Tourist tickets to all Summer resortsin the North and Northwest onsale May 15 to Sept. 30. Finallimit date 31, 1913, with liberalstop-over privileges.For further information, callon or address.W. H. HARRIS, Agent,!J. K. SMITH, T. A.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones 5 ' J1?E. T. 334.Home 334.ResidenceIW. N. Barkley Mrs. W. N. Barkle"Woman's Exchange & Cafe112 N. Upper Street,Lexington, KentuckyHome-made Cakes, Breads, Pies, Candies, Croquetts, Salads, Pickles, ChowChow, Ftc, received fresh daily.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Supjpeq also lunches and short orders at all2iours -with the best the tmarket affords.(2Smar6mo)4 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDepositsYour Deposits Arc GuaranteedYOD TAKE NO HISKSIf You Are InterestedWrite UsUNION STATE BANKMuskogee, OklahomaM'DERMOTT GOT HIS PENSIONCapital $100,000fully Paidper FARM LOANS!;, $1,000 to $100,000W. KING & SON,-125" Cheapside. Lexington, Ky.GBfllS change'sCandy Kitcken,119 S. Upper,LEXINGTON, KY."Roxie" Davis iChe Insurance AgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub"a Call.2 Helios 137Curtis&OverbyBusiness Men'sBarber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AllhoursNo LonglWaits.A Share of the Public Patronage Solicited.Special Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther NoticeWe pay 12 l-2c for greenbeef hides. Call us upor bring it to our place.Bright Idea Strikes "Lucky Bill"When Asked if Stiff Leg WouldInterfere With Work.Private William McDermott, betterknown to his comrades as "LuckyBill," was being examined by the rcgu- jlar army surgeon in order to have hisclaim for a pension verified. In hisright hand he carried a heavy stickwhich he used as a support. Bachstep was accompanied with a conspicuous limp, while his face was contortedalmost beyond recognition, as withpain."What's the matter with your leg?"asked the surgeon."Shot, just below the knee." returned "Lucky Bill."The surgeon examined the injuredlimb, winked at his assistant, andturned again to the applicant."Why, man, there's nothing wrongwith your leg," he said. "Your woundis almost entirely healed, and while itmay cause you to limp a little it willnever hinder you from making a living." "Oh, yes, it will," argued Bill."But how?" asked the surgeon.Bill hesitated a moment. Then hisface brightened. "I'm a song-and-danceartist," he said; "maybe you cantell how I'm going to dance with a stiffleg?"Bill got his pension.When he returned to camp a friendasked him how he made out."Fiist late," answered Bill; "whydon't you go over?""I would if I had been injured," answered his friend."You lost the tip of your index Anger, didn't you?" said Bill. "Just tellthem you are a typewriter and usethe touch system." New York PostMow Fish Are Drowned.Paradoxical as it may aeem, fishhave been drowned, just as human beings have been smothered by a toogreat pressure of air. One experimentconsisted in putting fish into seltzerwater, which brought about death bysuffocation. If a living and healthyfish be put nto water recently boiled,from which have been driven all thegases ordinarily present in distilledwater, the fish dies in the same way.Harper's Weekly.Uses of Corn.The most remarkable thing aboutcorn is the new products that havebeen derived from it, the many newuses which science and Americangenius have created for it. Corn nowenters into 150 different products, themost familiar being syrup sugar,breakfast foods, shortenings, saladoils and dessert. Leslie's Weekly.Salt to Preserve Cut Flowers.A good way to keep cut flowerofresh is to place a small amount ofpure salt of sodium in ths water. Itis best to procure this salt at a drugstore, because commercial salt willcause the flowers to wither, due to impurities in the soda. Call for puresodium chloride. Popular Mechanics.DIDN'T WANT TO EAT.The Conductor (looking into Pullman compartment) Half hour fordinner.The Groom Don't hold the train upfor us, my dear fellow- we're not atall hungry.MAX MUNICK,' 8th Street, PARIS, KY. Call East Tenn. Phone 374HBARBERHOPWindsor Hotel.Modern Equipment,Polite Seryice.Professional CardsJ J. WILLIAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Buildine.Everything Sanitary." """Children's Work a Specialty.!CARL CRAWFORDThe SanitaryShop!DR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's j31d gParis - - KentuckyAdministrator's Notice.All persons having claims againstthe estate of J. H. Butler, deceased,are notified to present same, properlyproven as required by law, to the undersigned, on or before July 10, 1913.Wi M. SHOBE,Ex'tr J. H. Butler, deceased.330 Vine street.Would Be There.The theater in the small town wasthe topic being talked of by a merryparty of actors and playwrights whenAugustus Thomas recalled the experience of a New York manager withthe owner of a playhouse over inJersey."The manager had made arrangements to rehearse a new productionin the Jersey house," said Mr. Thomas, "and when everything was inreadiness he telegraphed as follows:" 'Will hold a rehearsal in yourtheater at 3 o'clock tomorrow afternoon. Have your stage manager,stage carpenter, assistant stage carpenter, property man, chief electrician and all stage hands presentpromptly at that hour.'"Three hours later the managerswayed some and seized the seltzersiphon on receiving this answer:"'All right. He will be on hand.'"Philadelphia Telegraph.Absent-Minded."Smalley -is an absent-minded fellaw," said Bilkes. "When he was engaged to Mrs. S, he asked her to goto the opera with him one night andbought only one ticket. He explainedit to her by saying that he was soused to occupying a single chair withher that he didn't think."Greek Athletes Vegetarians.The athletes of ancient Greecetrained on a diet of new cheese, figsand boiled grain. Their sole drink'was' warm water, and meat was neverallowed them.M. A. CAHAL.Barber Shop.First-Class Workmen.Polite and Prompt Attentionf to Ail.Hot and Cold BathsWe Thank You For a Share ofYour4 Patronage.For Sale.With all the latest devicesinstalled in my shop to makeit absolutely sanitary andclean, including a PatentTowel Sterlizer, IndividualCups, Soap, etc., believe ''weliave the most modern shopin Parin. We have iust installed a new Porcelain Tub-and an up-to-date Bathroom.Hot water at all times.ThreeBarbers, all experts. Wewould like to have your-trade. I take this method ofsoliciting it. Is there a reason why we should not receive it? Respectfully,Russ Corbin.fWntONEBOPThe Breaking Point."Oh, darling! Tell me what worries you!"As Desmond Kesbro spoke thesewords and looked into the face of thegirl at his side, he felt that she wasabout to give him some real proof ofthat devotion he had often suspected. "I was thinking, dearest," she said,shyly, as she looked into his tendereyes, "that when we were finally married, I could save you a lot of moneyby buying your shirts for you!"An hour later our hero might havebeen seen recklessly ordering shirtsin a shirt shop. And at the sametime he gazed at a glittering objectin his Hand, and muttered to himself.- "Yes, this was the ring I gave herwhen I plighted my troth. How longago it seems!" Cleveland PlainDealer.No. 1 8-horse power FairbanksMorse gas or gasoline engine. Applyto PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.24-2tWhen you feelZZp.vous, tired, worried ordespondent it is asure sign you need MOTT'S NERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normal igor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMott's Nerverine Pills ,fWILLIAMS MFG. CO.. ProDs.. Cleveland. OhioL. Obedorfer, Drugist, Paris, Ky.Notice to Creditors.All persons having claims againstthe estate of the late Mrs. MaggieSeaton, of the Centreville neighborhood, are notified to present them tome at once properly proven.ROBERT C. TALBOTT,(27-2t) Adm'r.tfive at Seventymany people at seventyattribute their goodhealth to SCOTT'SEMULSION because itseoneentpated nourishment creates permanentbody-power, and becauseit is devoid of drugs or stimulants.Scott & Bowne. Bloomfield, N. J. 13-22down the throat of a "eapeychicken destroys the wormsand saves the chick's life. Afew drops in the drinking: waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPESwhite diarrhoea, roup, choleraand other chick diseases.One 50c Bottle ofBourbonPoultryCiireMakes 12 Gallons of Medicine.Every oonltry raiser should keep a bottle ofthis medicine on hand. Write for free samplej?? Tttlet on "Diseases of Fowls." AddrossjMUMQN REMEDY COMPANY, UxfegtM, Ky.-For Sale by "W. T. BrooksFair Warning.A golfer at the Haworth club, in thejolly little suburban village of thatname, got off one of those grass-clippingdrives, the sort that start lowand bend upward as they fly. Butunfortunately it struck a man on thehead, and the golfer hurried up withterror in his heart."Who done that?" asked the stricken man gruffly, turning toward thegolfer."I am very sorry," said the golfer."I didn't see you. I am very sorry.""Youse people want to be careful," said the man. "You'll be hurting somebody first thing you know."III Wind in St Louis."Do you haye any trouble with youroffice boy wanting to get off during thebaseball season?""Not for several years, now. Johnnie never seems to evince any interest in the game -until the teams getinto the first division."THE FAVORITEUnion Meat MarketF.W.S0PER, Manager1 85 IN. Limestone, Lexington, Ky.Telephone 1 852Good Meats," "Right Prices"I1Why eat poor Meat when it injures your health and costsyou more good money than good meat? Buy the best, eatte best, have the best of health, andlthenlfyou live' thebest. The best may be had by callingJUnion Meat Market, Phone 1852.Refined Women Givethe PreferenceThisIiBBMflifSPECIAL TRAIN EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURNSunday, jy 61$.25.25RoundTripRoundTripSPECIAL TRAINLeaves GEORQETOWN 7:45amASK TICKET AGENT FOR PARTICULARS.?i111 smHRiNotice! Poultry Raisers4-11-44CURESCholera. Gaoes, Limberneck, Roup, CankeivSo?. STSTr Diarrhoea and all Diseases of PoultryMiss Katie Bryant, Btrdstown, Ky., says: "I riava used Rcdrx: 4-1 1-44 for yeais aad tKakst the beatpoultry remedy made. 1 1 cures gapes and limberneck without fail." i mi eWill Coomes, Bardstown, Ky., says: "One drop ol Recipe 4-1 1 -44 dropped down the bUl of & gajHaschicken kills the worm and relieves the -hick instantly. Itis the best preventive 1 have ever used.Mfg. and Guaranteed by J. Robt. Crume, Bardstown, Ky. Price 50c at all Drefgists.iSOLD BYChas. E. Butler St Co,Victor Bogaert Co.,Jewelers and ImporetrsIDEALERS IN HIGH-CLASS 5Diamonds and IPrecious IStones' ' 'JHl Anr vX7Ho"V9 wWe carry a large, assortment of Sterling Silver, andeverything in the Jetrelry line.Your patronage is solicited.VICTOR BOGAERT CO.,1 33-1 35 W. Main St.,"5,1 Lexington, - - Kentucky 1We're Now Showing Our Full Line ofJSPRING MODELS!In the CelebratedSchloss Bros. &High-Class Men's Suits.Co.4.The easiest way to keep your hairyouthful-looking, to prevent it fromturning grey, is to use Hay's HairHealth. It gives absolute satisfactionand a few applications will restore natural color, give vitality to grey andfaded hair and remove all traces ofDandruff. Beautiful natural coloredyouthful-looking hair, more than anything else, contributes to a woman'sgood looks.Hay's Hair Health is keeping thou-1sands of women's hair glossy, naturalcolored and beautiful.- You'lL neverregretjbuying it when you" see the difference it makes in your appearance.Free: Sign this adv. and take it to thefollowing druggists and get a 50c. bottle of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.cake of Harfina Soap, for 50c.; or $1.00bottle of Hay's Hair Health and twoS5c. cakes of Htvrfina Soap Free, for 21L. Oberdorfer, Prugist, Parish Ky.They Represent the NewNorf oiks, the New EnglishJCutand the Conservative Models, all BeautifullyTailored. Pricesjrangingjfrom $15 to $35JUST IKTOur complete line of Emerson Shoes, Hawes Van GalStetson Hats, Lion Shirtsi i uTWIN BROS., CLOTHING DE'LVollstcin, Propri or;'- V-rif'--C&JJWB&sStfV-1THE BOURBON NEVS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 1,1913VSOUmI'rSiNNWSOF MILLER3BURGMrs. W. G. Dailey is improving.Mr. George Reynolds attended thedance at Maysville, Friday night.John Barnette and Miss KatherineLinville continue about the same.The banks and postoffice will beclosed July 4th, a National hojiday.Mrs. Joe Williams is the guest ofhr daughter, Mrs. L. E. Collins, of-Paris. NMrs. J. J. Peed left Saturdays tospend several days at the RichmondChautauqua.Mrs. Sue Sandusky is laying a concrete walk in front of pool room of.Mr. E. S. Wadell. -Mr. J. C. Leer visited his .sister,"Mrs. Frankie Garland, at Vanceburg,Friday and Saturday.Mr. Albert Hawes who has been inschool in Chicago, arrived home Friday for the summer.Miss Ruth Johnson returned Satur- day after a weeks' visit to Mr. G. W.jMorrow, at Clintonville.Miss Patie Hunter, of Washington,Ky., arrived Thursday as the guest of jlier sister, Mrs. A. S. Best.Misses Louise Myall and Agnes" Wadell returned Friday after a weeks'visit to Mrs. E. T. Beeding at Lexing--ton.Miss Julia Miller, who has been ati home for the past six weske, has returned to Ashville, N. C, acompaniedby her mother, Mrs. L. H.Miller.The Christian Endeavor Society ofthe Christian church gave an ice;ream supper in the church yard Saturday night. A neat sum was realized. "Misses Margaret and Mary BushAllen and Master Julian Allen, leftFriday for a visit to their grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. Ephram Wood, at-Stanford.Mr. Frank Moore, of Lexington,Va., arrived Saturday as the guest of.-Mr. and Mrs. Thos. McClintock. Mrs.Moore and children have been herefor the past ten days.Dr. F. A. Herbert was called toFlemingsburg yesterday in consultation with two other veteriharies in regard to the condition of a valuablejack, the property of Mr. Sanders.Mrs. W. T. McConnell, of Mt. Olivet,was the guest of her son, llr. AaronMcConnell, Thursday and Friday. She-was accompanied home by her daughter, Miss Margaret McConnell, whohas been here several weeks.The annual election of thme officersof the Farmers' Bank was held Saturday. All of he old officers were reelected. A report showed that thehank did the largest business during the past six months of any timeduring its history.We have plenty of sacks and are- 'an the market for weat at the highest-market price.""- .MILLERSBURG COAL & LUMBERCOMPANY. " l-2tThe union Sunday school picnic announced to take place tomorrow, hasbeen posponed indefinitely on accountof the extremely hot weather. Ther.nmmittee in charee of the arrange-!ments will arrange a date in the.future.Mr. and Mrs J. E. Hunter leave today for New York, and will sail Saturday for Dover, England. They ex-pect to make a three months tour of jEtfrope. On their return trip they willsail from Naples, Italy, September 15.Mayor W. D. Wadell is ill with theflux.Mrs. W. V. Shaw leaves today forseveral weeks' sojourn with Mrs. C.M. Best, at North Wildwood, N. J.WORK ON NATURAL GASPIPE LINE BEGINS MONDAY.The first dirt toward the laying ofnatural gas pipe line into this city bythe Central Kentucky Natural Gas Co.,was turned yesterday, when a force ofabout fifteen men began work on theClintonville pike in the neighborhoodof the warehouse of the American Tobacco Company.One car of an eighteen car shipmentnf material to be used in extendingithe line to this city arrived yesterdayand was unloaded on the ground. Thebills of lading for the other material have been received and it is expected to arrive in the next few days.It is the purpose of the Central Kentucky Natural Gas Co. to push thework with all possible haste, working aforce of men from the Clark countyline to the Bourbon capital to meethalf way between the two points. Theworkmen from this end are laying theline south on the Clintonville pike.This indicates that natural gas willmore than likely be turned into Paristhis fall.Named Residences.In England one is taxed for callingone's house by a pet name. Some offenders ought to be taxed a lot; forinstance, "Happiholme" is the nameof one dirty, decayed, originally cheaplittle house.BUYS BUICK CAR.Mr. Robert Crombie, of Shawhan,purchased Saturday from Yerkes &Prichard a handsome Buick four-seatedtouring car which was delivered to'him yesterday.STOCK AND FARM NOTESDEATHS AND FUNERALSMr. W. F. Sanders, of Millersburg,sold last week to Thomas Robinson, ofBethel, a suckling mule for 175.Mr.-George Stoker, of Millersburg,sold last week tb Charles Thompson,of Lexington, a yearling mule for$250.That the Imperial Tobacco Company controls the purchase price of tobacco in the Kentucky district west ofGreen River and the American Tobacco Company east of that river, was theassertion made Friday by Hendersoncounty officials of county officials ofthe Stemming District Tobaco Association before a Congressional committee at Washington.A French process of "electrocuring" timber is stated to give perfectsatisfaction in a single night. With"lead-plate electrodes on each side, thejtimber is placed in a solution containing 10 per cent, of borax, 5 per cent,of resin and a little soda, and application of the current expels the sap andfills the wood cells with the borax andresin. ,THREEMORE CANDIDATESFILE THEIRN PETITIONS.Three more candidates for office inthe coming primary, filed tjieir petitions with County Clerk Pearce Patonyesterday. They are R. B. Hutchcraft,Jr., candidate for Representative fromBourbon county, J. Walter Payne, candiadte for County Clerk, and GeorgeM. Hill, candidate for Chief of Policeof Paris. As all petitions must befiled thirty days before the election,candidates for the city and countyoffices will have until midnight Thursday to lodge their petitions with theCounty Clerk.A Refrigerator Substitute.Anyone who cannot afford a refrig-erator will find this a good substitute:If you have a good cellar, procure abox, the larger the better; knock thebottom out, then dig a hole in the cellar just large enough for the box andfit in. About twice a week clean itout, strew borax around, and you willfind everything nice and cool.Women's Home Companion.Preserves Indian Relics.Inscriptions and carvings on therocks, the work of ancient Indiantripes, are being preserved by thegovernment by means of an impression made in paper.Bonehead Plays.The exchange that suggests addinganother column to tabulated baseballscores for the purpose of recordingbonehead plays ia justifiable, but unpractical. The papers are using allthe space they can afford, already.An Electric Restaurant.An electric restaurant is in successful operation in London. The cookingis faultless and the prices are lowerthan those of the neighboring establishments of the same class.STAFFORD.Watt B. Stafford, aged 37, of Carlisle, Ky., formerly of Paris, died atthe Good Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington, Sunday afternoon about sixo'clock, following an illness of severaldays of eureamic poisoning. Mr. Stafford was taken to the hospital lastThursday in an effort to save his life,but he gradually grew worse until theend came. The body was sent to Carlisle for burial. Stafford formerly resided in Paris where he conducted asaloon.DECORATORS NOW READY.My decorators have completed largenumber of papering contracts, and,having caught up with the work weare now ready to hang paper onshort notice. Call and select fromthe most complete stock of wall paper in Kentucky.J. 'T. HINTON.Dining Room in Turkish Palace.In Turkish palaces there is a specialdoor whereby anyone who desires ameal may enter. London Spectator.Earth's Centrifugal Force.If the earth were to v revolve 17times faster than it does bodies at theequator would lose their weight andremain stationary in the air withoutsupport.Cribbed."Waggles read a very thoughtful paper, don't you think?" "Yes, full ofother people's thoughts."Cannot Keep It Down. jMerit may be kept at the foot of jthe class for a while, but it will cometo the head in its own good time.As We Say."What's coming off here?" "Nothing important. Only a political gabfest going on."Has Temperament.When a sirl is intense that means iher mother needn't expect much helpwith the housework.Master's SaleBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.H. C. McCreary,J. W. Borchess,J. E. Borchess, doing businessunder the firm name of McCreary& Co PlaintiffsVs NOTICE OF SALE.E. E. Landis and the L. &N. Railroad Co., a Corporation DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale of the Bourbon Circuit Court, rendered in the abovestyled action, at the June, 1913, term,the undersigned Master Commissionerwill sell atTpublic auction to the highest and best bidder, at the Court,House door, in Paris, Ky., about thehour of 11 o'clock, onSATURDAY, JULY 26, 1913the following described property:"Seventeen horses and mules; sevenlarge scrapers and blacksmith, including all tools, etc."Said sale will be made upon creditof foilr months, purchaser or purchasers being required to executebond for the purchase price, with goodsecurity thereon, to be approved bythe Master Commissioner, payable tothe said Commissioner, and bearing interest at the rate of 6 per cent, perannum from date of sale until paid,said bonds having the force and effectof a replevin bond. Said sale will bemade to secure the plaintiff, H. C.McCreary & Co., for a judgment inthe sum of $1,658.25, with interest'thereon at the rate of 6 per cent, perannum from the 19th day o f Novem-! ber, 1912, and the costs of this action,'amounting to $ and thei undersigned Master Commissioner will1 sell the said personal propetrty or sobnuch thereof as may be necessary toI satisfy and discharge the plaintiff'ssaid claim of $1,658.25, with interestand costs.c. a. McMillan;M. C. B. C. C.M. F. Kenney, Auc'tr.(July 4-11-18-25)There's a world of . satisfaction in buying UaeedaBiscuitbecause you know you willget what you want sodacrackers that are oven-fresh,crisp, clean, appetizing andnourishing.Uneeda Biscuit are always uniformin quality they are always alikein crispness, in flavor they aresoda crackers you can dependupon. And all because UneedaBiscuit are uncommon soda crackers packed in an uncommon way.Five cents everywhere in themoisture-proof package.NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANYrTWO TRAINMEN MEET DEATHIN L. & N. WRECK.Tvo tramn en were killed and anothor injured when southbound Louisville and Nashville passenger tramKm. 3:1 was wteeked at Keswick, Ivy.,S.j!:. lay atlcruocn.The train was running at a rate offifty miles an hour. Expansion ofrails caused by intense heat, was responsible for the wreck. The engineleft the track, overturned and dragged,four cars from the rails.The dead ae:Engineer F. A. Righthouse, Corbin,Kentucky.Fireman Frank Douglass, Jellico,Tenn.J. M. Mulling, of Covington, a baggagemaster, was seriously injured.Beyond a severe shaking up none ofthe passengers was injured. The men.killed were crushed under the engine.Dr. E. C. Hose-now, of Chicago, .hasconfirmed, he believes, the theory thatrheumatism is caused by specificgerms. ' Experiments have convincedhim that these germs eenter the bodyeither through th) air or the food andfind lodgment on the tonsils. Inoculation of rabbits with germs taken fromLpersons having rheumatism produced!the disease in the animals.NICHOLASVICLE again dry.Although the three precincts within,the limits of Nicholasville gave the"wets" a majority of 78 in the voteheld under the County Unit Law toabolish the sale of liquor in Jessaminecounty Saturday, the complete returnsfrom the county gave the "drys" a 598.majority, and Nicholasville and Jessarmine county are to be under local option arrangement again.NOTICE TO OWLS.All members of the Paris Nest 1744,.Order of Owls are especially requestedto be present at our regular meetingJuly l. Business of importance toeach member, is to be transacted. Thebrothers who are organizing a nest atWinchester will bring down a numberof candidates to be initiated afterwliicb. refreshments will be served.PEARCE PATON, PresidentP. J. M'CORD, Secretary.Pony For Sale.Extra nice Shetland pony, gentle- forchildren. Broke to ride and drive.He is a two-year-old and a well madeanimal. The price is right.L. T .LILLESTON,july3-3t Paris, Ky.Ii mi AMD ihmhm MHHM mmmmmwBKt 4HS9I W HBDv WfffKaHflBHwlflHHSIHHHPwlHKlHIIiV 1WilliBetsHorAwaits You When You Come toOur Store For SummerFOOTWEARBut theifwillofandNoindiron, ir you win use one or our ramousHotpoint Electric Flat Irons. It is convenient.Screw the cluer into anv lamp socket and turn thebutton. In an instant the iron begins to heat,in a couple of minutes you can begin work,standing over a hot stove. No running backforth. No lifting heavy irons simpiy tip it up onthe attached stand. And the handle is always cool,no matter how long you use the iron. The heat isused in the ironing hardly any is given off to heatup the room. Think what this means it means thatyou can iron in COMFORT. Remember the heatingelement in this iron is guaranteed TEN YEARS.4We wall Send this Irora onTwo Weeks TriaLsEnjoy the comforts and conveniences derivedonly through use of Electricity.We Are Showing so Many Smart, NewModels at Such Remarkably Low Pricesthat We Can Fit and Please Every One.Thisweek we place on sale some extraordinary values in Men's, Women's andlChildren's Summer Shoes, which we , had the good fortune tobuy for cash at almost half the original value.Men's $3.50 to $4.00 valves Shoesand Oxfords, in Tan, GunMetal and Pat- fl0 QQent. Special P mm 7 7Men's Comfortable Elk OutingShoes, in Tan, Greenand Black. "f OmCkSpecial ... I rfWMisses and Children's WhiteCanvas Button Shoes.Special99cInfant's Patent two- JOkfstrap Pumps. Special "frBoy Scout Shoes, fl Jj Ok$2 value. Special P I T7Ladies' high-grade Pumps andOxfords, all leathers.Specialvalue$2.49Ladies' stylish Shoes andj Oxfords, in Patent, Gun MetalandSatin Pumps.Special.Paris Gas & Electric Co.Incorporated.Lool Conceits m W owen sSummer FootwerThe dainty woman must have her Shoes for everyoccasion, and several pairs of them, too, so she may neverbe without a fresh pair. Our prices are, such that themoderate purse can afford a number of pairs.Remember that our Shoes are honert all the waythrough, and that we know how to give such an excellentfit that the wearer hardly realizes she has a pair of shoeson her feet.vjuh iTtciaiaiiu$1.49COHEN! IDA-ISTJ.Women's White Canvas Pumps : $3.00 -Women's White Nu Buck Oxfords : $4.00Women's Gun Metal Calf Oxfords $3.00Women's Tan Kid Button Oxfords .' .'.$3.50Women's White Nu Buck Pumps $4.Q0Women's Black Suede Pumps $4.40RASH & CLAY, Inc.GOOD SIOS.FOR EVERYBQDY26 W. MAIN ST,, - -' - - - LEXINGTON, K.Y'?xvsJIim:-.v.w .-, .: v-i