THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARv&-VOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 19131mOVERLAND1913Negro Killed in a Saloon Brawl.)Ov.ecL3HCi.Mo.de! TCOMPLETELY EQUIPPED$es5.oo!Self Starter Central Control Remy Magneto Clear Vision Wind.30 Horsepev er 110-in. Wheel Base Warner Speedeomter Shield-5-Passinger IV ar- Timken Bearings Mohair Top and Boot All Bright Partsing Car Prestolite Tank Tires 32x3' Q. D. Nickel PlatedDEMONSTRATIONS SOLICITEDM. J- LAVINDistributor For Bourbon County'Eighth and Main Streets, Paris, Kentucky$ Our Store is Always Crowded, wWHY? I& Because We Have the Quality of Gro- jfoW ceries and the Prices v)iff SWty 20 f fos. the Best fir fl ffH W4ft Granulated Sugar Hk '-H-JijtS (With a $3.00 Purchase) tyw 2 Cans of Standard Corn 15c WW ldoz. Cans Standard Corn 75c fl?Sf? Sweet Potatoes, per can , 1 Octy'f Hunt's Supreme Quality can Peachy 25c (Ifoiv Hunt's Supreme Quality can Pears 20cK Hunt's Supreme Quality can White Cherries 25c KHunt's Supreme Quality can Red Pitted Cherries. . .25c vjf Pure Apple Jelly, 10c and 15c glass S 1 -3 c Wm Sun-Dried Apples, per lb 7c ffj Fancy Evaporated Peache?, per lb 1 Oc (hf ink balmon, per can JC a$Matches, 3 boxes 1 Oc JK25-lb. Blue Ribbon Flour SOc t50-lb. Blue Ribbon Flour ,....' $1.60 W100-lbs. Blue Ribbon Flour $3.15 ffjjfc Fancy Codfish and Smoked Herringjy Fresh fish Every Wednesday and Friday MTcTlenihain. I& Cash Grocery. Wl Both Phones 234 $BIG REDUCTIONvmt- ON'A2fcsSuits, Overcoats andJill Winter Goods!mmmmws.itiSpecial. 'All 50c Underwear 39c.Special. One lot $1.oo Underwear, 75c.Special. $2.00 and $3.00 Hats, choice for$1.00. See show window.Special. One lot of Young Men's Suits, black,sold from $6.00 to $1 6.50, choice$3.75. Sizes 30 to 35.Special. One lot Knee Pants Suits $1.50.Sold from $2.50 to $5.00.FRI6& & 60. ciotniersand FurnishersJlWimmKiinse.IPisISmkIPmGeorge Thomas, colored, was shotand wounded Saturday night by Forrest Lawrence, a white man, from theeffects of which he died several hourslater. The shooting occurred about11 :30 o'clock in the saloon of MikeWoods on Mam street, and is said tohave been the result of a previousdifficulty.The saloon was crowded and a number of men in the place were eye-witnessesto the shooting. Lawrence wasplaced under arrest by Patrolman FredLink and lodged in jail.Stories as to the cause of the shooting are conflicting, it being said thatthe negro had threatened the life ofLawrence and that the snooting followed a number of remarks that hadbeen made by Thomas to a whitewoman.According to the most reliable information Lawrence entered the placeand going back to the pool room in therear of the saloon engaged in an argument with Thomas, who it is said appealed to the bartender, A. R. McKenney, for protection.At tuis time the men were standingin the doorway between the saloon andpool room and Lawrence was makingan effort to get at the negro. McKenney, it is said, was between themwhen Lawrence suddenly drew his revolver, pushed the former to one sideand fired two shots. A third cartridgein the revolver failed to explode whenMcKenney wrenched the weapon fromhis hand.Thomas fell to the floor, one of thebullets taking effect, the other missingita mark. The bullet from the 38-cali-breIver Johnson revolver entered theright side between the sixth and seventh ribs, passing through the rightlung, iniflcting a,niortal wound.The second shot fired by Lawrencewas while the negro was on the floorand it took effect in his body aboutfour inches to the left of the firstwound.Dr. J. 1. Brown' and Dr. WilliamKenney were summoned to attend thewounded man. who aside from suffering from the severe shock ble.i '. internally. Restoratives were administeredand he was removed to the home of hismother on Williams street where hediedabout two hours later.Thomas was employed at the butchershop of Albert Anton and was considered an expert butcher. Lawrence,who was formerly employed as a telephone lineman, had more recently beendoing farm labor.Thomas, it is also said, had threatened the life of Lawrence because ofthe fact that he had been accused bythe white man of killing his lchickensand only a few days ago the latter hada warrant out for the negro and hewas placed under a pehce bond.EXAMINING TRIAL THURSDAY.Lawrence was arraigned in thecountv court yesterday afternoon, before Judge Denis Dundon and entering a plea of not guilty his examining trial was set for Thursday morning at ten o'clock.CORONER'S INVESTIGATIONCoroner Rudolph Davis yesterdayconducted an investigation before ajury at which a number of witnesseswere examined, resulting in a verdictbeing returned in accordance with thetestimony given.A. R. McKenney, bartender atWoods' saloon said that he saw theshooting and was standing between themen netore Lawrence tired, tie waspushed out of the way when he fired.He said Thomas told him that Lawrence had been making trouble forllhimand asked what was the best thing todo. He testified that he had told thenegro to leave the saloon by the reardoor and a second later Lawrence firedthe fatal shots. He said Law rencecame in the saloon after Thomas hadbeen there tor some time. The mendid not talk to each other and Thomassaid that Lawrence had it in for him.Kirby Woods said that he did not seethe first shot fired but saw Lawrence standing over the prostratenegro with his revolver in his handand saw him fire the second shot.Was engaged in counting at one of thepool tables when the first shot wasfired. He went to get an officer afterhe saw the negro was wounded. Hadnot noticed either of the men in thesaloon. Saw Mike Woods take a pistolfrom the coat of Thomas.Mike Woods, proprietor of the saloon,said he "was tending bar when theshooting occurred and did not see anyof the trouble. He was attracted bythe two ahots and went to the rearroom finding Thomas on the floor. Saidhe took a pistol from a holster thatwas concealed under his left arm.Walter Gray said he saw Lawrencefire the second shot while Thomas wason the floor hut did not see any difficulty before the shooting.Horace Steele, a negro boy, testifiedthat. he went in the saloon after theshooting but was not in there at thetime.Sam Biddle, colored, said he sawboth shots fired. At the first Thomasfell to the floor and Lawrence holdinghis revolver in both hands stood overhim and fired the second shot.At the conclusfon of the evidence thejury retired returning a verdict as follows: "We, the jury, find that GeorgeThomas came to his death by a gunshot wound inflicted by-the hands ofForrest Lawrence.W. K. SCOTT. Foreman.CAS. GREEN,GEO. W. JUDY.HATFIELD BAPPERT,O. L. FRYE.C. J. LANCASTER.rw"WE KNOW HOW" 'Great Reductionsoftilinter SudsANDOvercoatsAnd All Winter GoodsifCome Early and Take Advantageof Reduced Prices.??See Our footwearMitchell & Blakemore,iOutfitters to MeraParis, Kentucky. .g sifiuiiiiiimmmmiiiuTmi iiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinniiiiinuniiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiinniiiiiiiiiiiiiimmiiiiiiii& ihFRANK & COSThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.5AnnounceiNow Ready For Your Inspection a MostComplete Stock ofDress Ginghams,Whhite Goods,Hamburgs,Percales,Shirting,Laces,White and Colored Laces,And a Large Variety of Novelty Wash Fabrics,&?-MiMain Street House for Sale.Splendid brick bouse of six large airyrooms and two halls, four grates,three large closets, good cistern. Lotruns from Main to High street5?. Atauction on February 18 at two o'clockiBe Sure and See the Electric Line of Ladies'House Dresses Made in Percales and Ginghams,PRICES, $1.00, $1.50 up to $2.50leach.They Fit and Are Well Made insanitary9 Work Shops.'FRANK Sc C.,SiiiiHiiinnimmimrnunimimmiimiiiuiii!fi(0)(u)(u)(fi)M??iMflflfSiTItIIIrYour Fall ShoesAre Here.They are new, seasonable and reasonable The assortment is made upof the best styles of the world's bestShoe makers. The scope is so broadand the size ranges so complete youwill find your size in any make youdesire.We have also a full line of Misses',Children's and Boys' School Shoes inGunMetal, Patents and Tans.HE BOURBON NEWSPABIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .$2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATES .Display advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and. similar matt er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.GEO. McWILLIAMS,Phones 301 The Shoe ManIANNOUNCEMENTS.JBourbon LaundryD4VIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the' finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes beck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatee-Bourboo Laundry,FOR POLICE CHIEF.We are authorized to announce J. C.Elgin, Sr., as a candidate for theDemocratic nomination for Chief ofPolice of the city of Paris, subject tothe Democratic priimrv, August 2,1913.We are authorized to announce W. F.Link as a candidate for Democraticnomination for Chief of Police of thecity of Paris, subject to the Democratic primary August 2.We are authorized to announce BenBishop as a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Cnief of Policeof the city of Paris, subject to theDemocratic primary August 2.We are authorized to announce Geo.M. Hill as a candidate for the nomination for the office of Chief of Police ofthe City of Paris, subject to the actionot the Democratic Drimary, August 2.1913.We are'authorized to announce Geo.W. Judy as a candidate for the nomination of the office of Chief of Policeof the city ot Paris, subject to theaction of the Democratic urimary,August 2, 1913.FOR JAILER.We are authorized to announce Joseph Farris as a candidate for thenomination of Jailer of Bourboncounty, subject to the action of theDemocratic primary August 2, 1913.FOR COUNTY CLERK.We are authorized to announce J.Walter Payne as a candidate for thenomination for the office of CountyClerk of Bourbon county, subject tothe action oE the Democratic primaryAugust 2, 1913.American Horses.4On the first of January there wereip this country, according to the official estimate nearly 23,0U0,000 horBes,a greater number than ever before,except in the years 1909 and 1910.While these figures show that thecoming into use of motor vehicles hasthus far had very little effect upon thequantity of American'Jiurses, there arethe best of reasons to believe that,from some cause or a variety of causesthe quality of our horses has suffered.Horses are more numerous than theywere a year ago, the increase amounting to approximately 58,000. but goodhorses are growing scarcer. This isshown in the difficulty that army officers experience in securing mounts forthe cavalry arm of the service. Germany, which has only 3,200,000 'horsesall told, has much less difficulty ingetting mountsjfor herjarge force ofcavalry than we have in securingenough horses for n very muchsmallerforce.This may be due in Dart to the factthat our Government will not pay morethan $150 for a three year old horse,and American farmers find no profitiD raising horses suitable for cavalrypurposes at this price. But theremust also be other causes operating tobring about a decrease in the qualityof our horses. Even when the limitof price'is placed by individuals at avery much higher figure the t goodhorse is hard to find.There was a time when we boastedwith good reasun of the excellence ofour horses. They led the world inmany respects. With greater knowledge of scientific breeding and amore widespread disposition to employthat knowledge, American hossesshould have improved in qualitv. Thatthey have not should be a matter ofregret, for the time has not come, andwe hope never will come, when man'soldest and best friend among thedumb animals, excepting onlv the dog,has no place in a world of men.Wonderful Cures Reported in Germany.The use of simple herbs as remedies instead of the more concentrated endusually more dangerous inorganic substances, has been revived very widely ot Ice.In Germany a new school of physicians has arisen which throws out almost a,ui nf v,n nhnrmnnnt', onfl relies on an adaptation of the method ot wi.aanimals in curing themselves. . . . . N. Y. World.it.. T .i:,1 T-Tss al lV1It was Dr. It. V. Pierce,, chid consulting pnysicisn 10 ui wva-ius "" -Surgical Institute of, Buffalo, N. Y.; who first advocated the extended use of socof our native roots, such as: Coldest bcal and Oregon grape root, niandfafceand queen's root, black cherrybcrk. These are the chief ingredients m DoctorPierces Colder? Medical Discovery, which has been so well and favorably knownt for nearly hslf a century. A harmless cleanser andcGach tcnic that nature has provided.J. Do: U.D Iatiieson of Ossinmg, &. i. say:Isuf-D. Matttitjon. Esq.lieniS OI uuiubu lurutuai iwwiwj. isi nv .1- !, TMcint'.-nnr ' o-nrl n kn thftPellets' and can truthfully say I am feeling better novthan I have in years, i cnecriuwy rivo jkjiiukoivu w pimathis testimonial, and if any 'doubting Thomas writes moI will ' put him ysiz ' to tho bc3t all-around medicine in thocountry to-day."U Need it in YourBusiness5Significant.Th9 Danville Messenger has the following: "Kentucky has no Beckhamcounty, but Oklahoma has, named inhonor of oil Ex-Governor, and Beckham county has the distinction fof be.ing the largest broom corn growingcounty in the United States. Significant, for Beckham will sweep Kentucky clean next August."FOR SALE BYDodscm & DentonQfcsJCfecSXSgSjsrgjaa22&z&Q(kParis HCenfucky,Agricultural Bank !of Paris.We wish to thank ourfriends and patrons forthe liberal patronage extended to us during thepast year, and wish thema happy and prosperousNew Year.We are authorized to announce Mr.Pearce Paton as a candidate for theDemocratic nomination for Clerk ofBourbon county, subject to the actionot tne Democratic primary August 2,1913.FOR POLICE JUDGE.We are authorized to announce Thos.J. Holliday as a candidate for the nomination for the office of Police Judgeof the city ot Paris, subject to the action of the Democratic primary, August 2, 1913.IIWe offer every convenience to;;ourDepositors.3 per cent, interest paidonTimelDepositsfte flgrietilturaljBanR of ParisImportation of Song BirdsSome 600 English song birds are tobe imported into this country. Sincethe consignment will include nightingales, skylarks and other hirds whosepraises have long been chanted byBritish bards, there is no doubt thatthe feathered immigrants wiil be cordially welcomecfby that portion of thepublic which admires British poetry.But unless the treatment thev areaccorded by thejgeneral 'population -isaconsiderable improvement oer thatgiven our own native birds, the aliensare in for a stirring time when theyare finally turned loose and told toshift for themselves, it is net at alllikely that'they have the resourcefulness and the capacity to cling tenaciously to life which that other importation, the'Engish sparrow, possesses insuch a Sharked degree. 'Few birdshave, for that matter. But unless theydevelop an unexpected resoluteness ofcharacter their life in this country islikely to be a short, and not even amerry one.TheAmerican cat lacks aDnreciationof poetry of any kind. He is as willingjto stalk an English nightingale asan American robin. Nor is the American yuum wno comes into tne possession of a gun at an early age addictedto reading ahd admiring the Britishpoets. From both these enemies, aswell as from many others, the English h irds are likelv to receive a welcome they will not enjoyIf our record for the treatment ofour own birds were clearer, the nutlook for the nightingales and skylarkswould be much brighter. As it is,their fate seems destined to :be muchworse that that of that other "noblesix hundred" who rode into the jawsof death at Balaklava. iSuit to Prevent Phone Combine.Suit was filed in the Circuit Court atLexington Friday by A ttornev Edge,representing peitioners, aerainst theFayette Home Telephone "Co., theCumberland Telephone and TelegraphCo., and other subsidary companies oftne hJell Lo.t seeking o prevent consummation of the recent merger ofthese companies. The petition allegesthat defendants are seeking to monopolize the telephone business andstifle competition in that territory.FARMERwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland Telephone works forhim. He will reply:Bucket Men Get Haavy FinesEight men caught in the government's anti-bucket shop crusade in1910, pleading guilty of nolle contendre in ths District .Supreme CourtFridav and paid fines aggregating$50,000.Louis Cella, of St. Louis ; AngelaCella and Samuel W. Adler. of NewYork, pleaded guilty and were fined$10,000 each. Oscar J. Rappel, ofJersey City, pleaded guilty and wasfined 5.000. William F. Fox, of Baltimore, and Charles K. AJley, ofWashington, pleaded nolle contendreand were fined 2.500 each.Cases against Edward Altemus andRobert Hall, Jersey City ; Henry R.Duryee, uf Washington: Henry C.Stumpf, of Philadelphia: E. M.Browning, of Baltimore, and SamuelRavmond, Jersey City, were dismis sed.The defendants had appealed invain to tne bupreme Court of theUnited States. This action ends allbucketshop cases pending except thatagainst Price & Co., which will betried later this month.1.2,3.Sells My Products 4. Protects the HomeGets Best Prices 5. Helps the HousewifeBrings Supplies 6. Increases Profits7. Pays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet.For information, call manager. "Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated.,FimeniCorner Seventh and Main Sts.LM I g 1 3 VlzR geTT NB ) rfi) n ii 1 agnKBgll!CLEARANCE SALENow Going (OnGreat Bargains! in AllDepartments.Dressgoods, Drygoods, Silks, .'.,Ladies' and Misses' Suits, Skirts, Cloaks, ."-Shirt Waists and Millinery. ;Call In and See Us.TWIN BROS.' DEPARTMENT STORE.rMrs. PendletionMODISTEFormerly, With J. U Watson, Lyexington, Ky.Street and Evening Gowiis, Blouse and Suits.Mr.. Brown, an Experienced tailor, will have ckarge of all tailoredwonc.m1-1 1I?jnt?4. 4vBMMHMSPL:WaiL-,-. .i.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEBRUARY 11, 1 91 X-mi- um- V17tif&A'Ml:ii-mfmnnrmfmnsjob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!TRE J9B R0OfflS OFTHEBmB0NNEWS,Are prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asRIIIHFADSLETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOG 4POSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities "are the best, having,just installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price v JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.Cfce Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and. madeknown on application.ALWAYS SUCH CHUMSBy NEWTON BUNGEY.Denis Hewitt was lounging un-.gracefully but comfortably in a deck!shair under the drooping branches of,i blossom-laden chestnut tree -when'Mary Lidiard crossed the lawn, swing--Inga putter in her right hand.Through his half-closed eyes Hewitt;gazed at her critically, and he could'not help admitting that she made thefairest of pictures. The breeze caught,aer curls, and with the sunlight turn-'2d them into a shimmering sea ofgold. A simple, well-cut gown of someisoft, white material showed the grace'Df her figure as she walked. Her eyes'!shone -with an unmistakable light as':heir ga2e fell on Hewitt."Tell me again that you love me,Denis," she whispered."I love you, dear," he answered."I shall always be hearing you saythat," she said in low tones later as.she turned to go into the house topack for a few days' visit at afriend's house. "You'll write to meDften, won't you, Denis?"Hewitt winced as though he hadbeen stabbed. Several times he hadthought that while she was away hewould write and tell her the truth:hat he did not love her. But he wastoo much of a coward to tell her totier face and see those deep blueayes grow heavy with misery.Somehow it seemed quite a natural:hing for a man to love a woman andshe not to love him, but for a womanto love a man who did not care inthe same way for her it seemednothing short of brutal.At length in one of her lettersMary wrote the following paragraph:"I can't help thinking, Denis, thatyour letters seem- as though they arewritten with an effort, and it makeslie fear that what I have thought berore is really true. It seems dreadful to doubt you, dear, but it wouldDe more dreadful to let matters reachan irrevocable stage and then toloubt."We have always been chums,Denis, and now we are promised forsomething" deeper than friendship.3an you say from the bottom of yourieart that this is what you desire?"Perhaps I am wrong in doubtingfew, but if I am not, oh, please do notlesitate to say so. Don't think you.vill be doing the right and honorable:hing by masking your real feelings."How had she guessed? He had triedso hard to be all he was supposed toDe.He wanted her, and' yet there wassomething missing, and she had recognized it.He felt so ashamed of himself, so'gnominous. He would have given theworld to have been able to answerMary's letter as a true lover wouldhave done, but instead he wrote:"You were right to doubt me, Mary.There is no woman on earth I carefor like you, but it is not the love aman should feel for his future wife.Tt is cowardly to fly to excuses, but I3hall always feel that our parentswere responsible they rushed us into the engagement."What will you think of me, Mary?We have always been such chums,and now I am refusing the best giftthat the world could give me. Itmakes me feel so mean and contempible, dear; but, as you say, it willbe better to sever while we have thechance."I don't suppose you will see meagain for a long time. I shall go iaway somewhere I don't care wherebut I feel that I want to hide."He walked down to the village postoffice and posted the letter himself.Then he turned away and walkedslowly down a lane, his head bent inthought, trying to picture the futurewithout Mary.He slept badly that night for thinking of Mary. He began to feel that,though they were not to be husbandand wife, he did not want to lose her.Next morning he thought of herreading the letter, and he felt hewould have given anything had henot written it or been able to regainpossession of it ere it reached heihands.His thoughts were interrupted bythe arrival of a servant with a telegram. Tearing it open, a groan brokefrom his lips as he read:bourdon Sarage 5c Supply Co. ?ysmAUTOMOBILESSupplies of All Kinds, Repairing, Etc.SSourhon Sararge $ Supply Co.I C. 1"ED.C. M. CLAY, '.PresidentED. BURKE, Vice-PresidentJNO. T. COLLINS, Sec'y-TreasS. K. Nichols, General ManagerDIRECTORSY C. M. Clay, H. S. Caywood,JJno. T. Collins, R. M. Jacoby,W. C. Dodson, Lee Stephenson,Ed Burke,W. M. RogersS. K. Nicholsi'Come at once.Mary ill."LIDIARD.'ourbon TobaccoWarehouse Co.-aIncorporatedSALES TUESDAYS, THURSDAYS and SATURDAYS.We have Jbuyers for the American Tobacco Co.,,thelR. J. Reynolds Co., Liggett & Myers, -theLorillard Co.. besides various independent and local buyers.We have an abundance of wagon room and free stabling of horses. r Bring us yourtobacco; wefguarantee you a square deal. J .Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company IL Paris, KentuckyCBHH9HBB WHHBBB (RMHi tHH6 9 QMBP 4M0NEW - BARBERHOPWindsor Hotel.'utiuiuii-uiiiiiira?A a A m tkR A n & m & & sh m & m mm Am,xxa (4 raw L'Wfl KMi f-Tt tSk V I VM m) & rw9 MM 1 e,3 Mr SHE IMm H H fMWm MMkAnd in that moment Denis Hewittknew he loved Mary, and hastened toher bedside.He seemed to wait an eternity outside the door of the room. He did notsee the nurse who watched him curiously, and he scarcely saw Mr. andMrs. Lidiard as they came out of theroom.Then he entered, his gaze rivetedon the thin, white face framed in amass of golden hair."Mary," he said huskily; "oh,Mary!"Then he stumbled forward andknelt at the bedside, holding her frailhand and gazing beseechingly into hereyes."I'm glad you've come, Denis," shesaid."I wanted to see you so much."Then that half-wistful, half-puzzledexpression came into her eyes as shegazed at him, and he winced.Still holding her hand, he rose tohis feet, and as he did so his gazefell on the table alongside the bed.On it lay some letters, unopened, andone of them was his.His eyes suddenly lit up with joy,,and he turned to Mary with such atransfigured face that' she watchedwith wonder."My Mary!" he exclaimed passionately, 'Seating himself beside her andputting his arms ar.ound her shoul-i ders. "My own dear love!"Modern Equipment,PoliteService.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMEDBOTH 'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDSpecial Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther NoticeiWe pay 121-2c for greenbeef Jhides.ICall us up-ort bring it to our place.MAJTMUNICK, ;8th Street, .. PARI3, KY'kll 'East Tenn. Phone 374Professional CardsJ J. WIIjIjIAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.itoom 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Keriney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones 11ResidenceE. T. 334.Home 334.DR. A. H" KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - - KentuckyExpert Barber.Mr. Carl Crawford, a barber of 30years' experience, invites- the "publicto This pew shop at the Windsor Hotel.Two elixirs. Prompt, service. Children's vrk a special tv. Eazorshonedsatisfactorily. , ? tf .,Curtis&OverbyBusiness Men'sTBarber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AflHours,No Long Waits.A Share of ihz Public - Pattor Dale,Six room ?r- - on South IafcrftreeLat a bsrjgai.1. - ddIv (o3t . : D. S..UENKY.L,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KY., FEBRUARY 11.1913fti..IF(Iv?iIillIIifIJTHjS?S?f- -anitjfegJOur Annual Clearance SaleOFWatches, RhJewelry, Cut Glass,Silverware, Etc.,4Begins Wednesday, February 12, 1Ends Saturday, February 22.Special Prices on Everything We CarryDon't Fail to Get Our Prices on Anything You May NeedTake Advantage of the Special Bargains ShownFrom Time to Time in Our Windowl $ 4 t ? 4 ? 4' 4 4 i 4 4 4 ! s 4 4 f fc $ 4 f 4 4 4 4 f 4 t f $ 4 4rNEW GARAGrE3STOTTO EI DT !Full Line of Tiresand Accessories in Stock.1913 BUICKSAre Here Come In and Look Them Over.Put Your Oar In Our GarageAnd Have It Protected From the Weatherand Accidents. We Give YouFREE Day Storage.Indian Motorcycles andSullies, Modern Repair Shop.Cars Washed, Polished and Stored.IIIIsryrIYerkes & PrichardJNegro Thieves Taken by Police.Raymond Johnson and John Vv'illiaras, two negroes, were aj rested Sunday afternoon by Patrolman Fred Linkon a charge of having broken inty) thestore of Moses Joseph at the corner ofLylesville and Eighth streets Saturdaynight.The negroes, it is alleged, enteredthe store some time during baturdaynight, gaining an entrance after theyhad broken the glass from one of thefront windows, and it is said carriedaway about $50 worth of meat, Hourand clothing. The discovery of therobbery was made bv Joseph who wentto the store Sunday morning altersome fresh meat and the matter waaat cnce reported to Patrolman Liink.who instituted a search for the robbers. It was ascertained by the officersafter a thorough investigation that anumber of negroes in the negro suburbhad been well supplied with fish andby a very clever piece of work roundedud the two negroes who it is believedcommitted the robbery. Everythingtaken from the store was found in acoal house near the home of one otthe negroes under arrest and practically all of the goods were recovered.The negroes were arraigned in policecourt yesterday morning and beforeJudge January entered a plea of notguilty. Their trial whs set for Wednesday morning at ten o'clock.MATRIMONIAL.BUCHANAN-MERRICK.The marriage of,'Mr. Wm. H. Merrick and MissJMargaret Buchanan tookplace Saturday afternoon at twoo'clock at the home of Mr. and Mrs.Unas' E. Butler, Jr., in Carlisle, Dr.W. F. Vaughn, pastor of the M. E.church, officiating.Mr. Meirick is an employe of theLouisville and Nashville railroad, anda very promising young man, whilehis bride is a very attractive and accomp'ished young lady, the daughterof Mrs. Sarah Buchanan, and for sometime past was stenographer in the lawoffice of Mr. C. AvArnsparger in thiscity. yThose witnessing the ceremony wereMr. and Mw. Butler and Dr. T. E.Hutchings, uf Paris. The happycouple went to Carlisle at noon Saturday going immediately to the Butlerhome. They lpft at 4:59 p. m. for anextended brldalj tnur through thesouth and upon returning will visit thehome of the bridegroom's parents atMt. Vernon, Ky. They will reside inthfs city.Marriage licenses were issued Saturday by County Clerk Paton to Mr.George Frederick and Mrs. LauraSnelling: Mr. Ollie Trerdway andMiss Elizabeth Bock.Mrs. Grover Cleveland and ThomasJ. Preston, Jr., were married yesterday morning by President Hibben, ofPrinceton University, at Prospect, theexecutive residence of the Universityat Princeton, N. J. No preliminaryannouncement had been made of themarriage and the utmost simplicitywas observed in the ceremony.Lower Every Day.Davenport today $31.. china closetsidboard $26. Mahogany hat rack $20.Less tomorrow.J. T. HINTON.DEATHS.MORRIS.Daniel T. Morris,, died Wednesday night at the home of his son,James R. Morris, near Hupkinsville.He was taken to that ciiy ten days agofrom his farm in Nicholas county toundargo an operation for a kidneyaffliction, but it could not be performed owing to his weakened condition. Mr. Morris was a native ofBourbon countv.ylle was a gallantConfederate soldier and a member ofGen. Morgan's command. It was hislast request that he should be buriedin his gray uniform. His body wastaken to Carlisle for burial.Mr. Morris was a brother of the lateMr. W. A. Morris, of Paris and Mr.John G. Morris, of Flemingsburg, anuncle of Messrs. Robert E. Morris andThomas G. Morris, "of Paris.VAN METER.Mrs. Alice Van Meter, aged aboutseventy years, died at her home inDanville Thursday after an illness ofseven years. She was the wife ofJohn M. Van Meter, who with threedaughters survives.Mrs. Van Meter had been in a verycritical condition for "several weekssand it' was expected her death wouldoccur at any time.Her three daughters are Misses Annie and Sue Van . Meter, of Danvilleand Mrs. John Woodford, of thiscounty. The laitei was at her bedsidewhen the end Value, having gone toDanville to be wYth her parents duringthe illness of her mother.Mrs. Van Meter was a sister'ot Hon.John W. Yerkes and Prof. W. L.'' Yerkes, the latter of this city.The funeral services were held ather late residence Saturday afternoonand the remains were taken to Lexington over the Q. & C. for interment inthe Lexington cemetery.Normal Winter Temperature.Normal winter temperatures in practically all parts of the country east ofthe Rocky Mountains and temperaturesslightly above normal on the PacificSlope are indicated for the comingweek, according to the weekly Weather Bureau bulletin iassued at Washington. "The precipitation during theweek," says the bulletin, "will begenerally below normal, except in thePacific States, where rains will be frequent. The next disturbance of importance to cross the country will appear in the far West about Wednesday,cross the Middle West Thursday orFriday and the Eastern States at theend of the week. This disturbancewill be Dreceded by lising temperature and be attended by genera snowsin Northern and rains in SouthernStates. It will be followed bv decidedly colder weather, which will makeits appearance in the Northwest aboutThursday."Hotel Promoters Meeting WithSuccessMeeting wiih .the most encouragingresults Messrs. Leer Stout and LoganHoward, who laat week started themovement looking to the incoroorationof a company to erect a new hotel inthis city, are busily"! engaged in theirlabors and to this date a considerable!sum has been subscribed.The movement was started afterthe promoters had secured an ODtionon the property of Mr. John Sauer atthe corner of Seventh and Main streetsand the adjoining pronerty of Mrs.Thoma3 Roche. A thirty day optionhas been retained on the Droperty andwhich will expire March 5.Many of the leading business men ofthis city have become interested in theendeavor to organize the stock company and capitalized at $100,000, whileothers who are financially able to subscribe .for a large block of stock, seem-to be waiting only for the purpose ofseeing how the venture will take withthe majority of the local capitalists.Theie should be nothing to hinderthe progress of the men who have undertaken to organize'the company, andwho are spending trVeir most valuabletime in their efforts to interest thecitizens in the enterprise. Most ot ourcitizens of means no doubt will nothesitatea moment were it not for thefact the same spirit that has retardedthtj progress of many an enterprise,still exists.The gentlemen who have retainedthe option on the property to be usedas a site for the hotel, state that thereis.but a comparatively small amountof time in which to act and those whohave been approached on the subjectwho have not fully made up theirminds should without further hesitancy, secure a portion of the stock.That the enterprisejwould prove a paying proposition is without questionthere should be no drawback from thissource.The News is interested in the success of the venture and heartily endorses all of the plans. There shouldbe nothing whatever to hinder the progress of the promoters and withprompt responses from those who arenow considering taking stock wouldexpedite matters and give furthertime to lay the plans before otherprospective subscribers t they wouldmake their intentions known at once.Business Lot on Main Street for-Sale.Splendid smooth lot on Main street"extending through to High street willbe sold at auction on February 18 attwo o'clock p. m. Easy terms.WANTEDGovernor Offers RewardGovernor McCreary Saturdayoffered $100 reward for the arrest ofAlex Alsop, a negro,",wanted in Scottcounty for killing Charles "Parrish,also a negro. The killing took placeFebruary 22Suit to Recover Shortage.State depositories on which formerDeputy State Auditor C. E . Booechecked probably will be sued by theCommonwealth to recover the balanceof thet$30,000 Booe,was charged withhaving embezzled. A check for $17,500, the amount collected from thesurety company which was on Booe'sbond, has been r eceived. Settlementwas made on this basis because of theimpossibility of tracing all the smallsums involved in theitotal peculation,witnesses being scattered throughnearly all the counties of the State,and some of them having since died.By changing the direction of theirefforts in these contemplated suitsagainst the depositories it is believedthe State officials will have simplifiedthe proceedings.To purchase a good milch cow. CalRHome nhone 92.WANTED.Man to represent us in rural districts. Salary and expenses to respon;sible Darty. AddressG. A. GRANANHAN,State Manager.Lock Box 180, Lexiegton, Ky.For Sale.Unless sold privately before I will'sell at auction on Monday, March 3, onthe public square Shetland pony, cart,and harness. Call E. T. Phone 275 forfurther particulars.td MRS. FRANK BRYAN.For Sale.Two oxtra good Jersey heifers. . Onefresh and one will be in ten daya.SIDNEY G. CLAY.7 3t E. T. Phone 726For SaleFull blooded Rhode Island Red cockerel. t,,,P"te C r-MRS. L. J. FRETWELL. "May Not Get Natural Gas AfterAll.Paris may not eet natural gas afterall, is the discouraging rumor that isafloat, and the effort of the. CentralKentucky Natural Gas Co. to get atranchise to enter the city with itspipe lines was only a bluff.There is nothing now to indicatethat there will be another effort onthe part ot the officials of the gas company to get the franchise through theCity Council at its meeting Thursdaynight. No disposition with this inview has been apparent since the rejection of the franchise on the groundthat the maximum rate was not thesame as that of other cities now getting the service, has been made andthis leads to a belief that there will benothing more heard cf it.Since the franchise was Dresented tothe council it has come tojight that'aneffort had been made to" purchase afranchise held by Messrs. George"Alexander, H. Clay Howard and JV.B. Lloyd, the latter of Mt. Sterling,and which has been in effect about sixyears, but since there have been noturhter negotiations. There is astrong opinion that the officials haveabandoned the idea of extending their jlines to this city. ,Many opinions as to the motive ofthe company in securing a franchiseare advanced, one in particular beingth:t at the time it hoped to get control of the lighting plants of this city,ami lailure in this effort precludedtheir endeavor to secure the franchise.This, however, is a matter of conjecture, as nothing can be produced toverify the rumor that is now in circulation along this line. It is the opinion of many that no further effurt willbe made tu have the council pass uponthe franchise and this being a fact thematter will rest for the present atleast, perhaps forever.For RentFlat of four rooms over Cook's grocery. Bath and other conveniencesApply to g? .""CJ. 1. HINTON.per FilLOMSCB)t MO to $100,090W. KING & SON,125 Cheapsicfe. Lexlnston, KyBaldwin BrossTry OurCountry ClubLayer CakesChocolate CaramelWhite andRibbon T1 5c, Two for 25cBaldwin Bros.NATIONALic and 10c StoreParis Merchants Interested InAutomobile Delivery.Horse delivery is at best unsatisfactory. It is neither quick nor farreaching ; "and inevitably the animalsuffers because no merchant canalways adapt his delivery needs tothe reasonable capacity of his horses.On the other hand, motor delivery isswift and,can reach trade miles beyond horae service. It- is tireless.Overload it, you abuse not flesh butsteel. There's a human difference.One delivery car you can absolutelytrust. It is the Studebaker Wwhich atter a full test in i hundreds of icities, has fulfilled every claim Studebaker made for it. tThis is the twentieth century, andthe delivery car of today, the future,is the swift, tireless, relliable Studebaker "20."Will you not confer with our representatives on the ( possibilities of thiscar foiHycur businps?IBOUKBON GARAGE.SPECIALFor Thirty DaysOn AllWall PaperAnd also Putting:same on Walls.Must Have Roomfor New Stock.Nationel 5o and IOg Stor&WaJ:ch Osjr Wlradcwst,vf'fpiii- . jJb,JLL,&x j5; . -THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., FEBRUARY 11, 19T3-?44TXTfrsrr-,ff7fIJffi BOURBON NEWS.jxV4Meft?t$.ALWAYS HAS THE QESTOF EVERYTHINGRents Residence.Mr. C. B. McShane has rented theAlexander residence on Pleasant.streetand will move with his family to itabout the first ot -March.At Right Prices'.f New rugs, mattings and wall paperat right prices atI J. T. HINTON'S.Farm Sold.Barton Rogers, of Cincinnati, soldyesterday to W." H. Whaley, of thiscitv, his farmjon the Flat Rock pike,a few miles from this city, containingabout 127 acres at a Drivate price, yMain Street Property.' Is always in demand. An opportunityto buy a large six room house and avacant lot on Main street will be givenyou on February 18 at two o'clock p.m. Easy Terms.""Burning Soot Causes Alarm.The fire department was called outSun-iay evening at about six o'clockin lesponse to an alarm from Box 17.A c .imney on the residence of Mr.Ro art Talbctt on Duncan avenue,on ipied by Mr. Arthur Hancock,ki .h was burning out, caused thea!x.tm. No damage.fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.Card from Mr. Geo. W. Judy.To the Citizens of Paris:In announcing myself a candidatefor Chief of Police, I desire to statethat if I am honored with an election,,I will have no other desire than tofaithfully perform the duties of theoffice to the best ofyray ability without fear, favoritism of prejudice toany person.I respectfully solicit your support.Respectfully,GEORGE W. JUDY.Foot Crushed by Coupler.While attempting to open a coupleronfa freight car Friday morning at 6 :0o'clock at Butler. G. T. Hamilton, aLouisville and .Nashville brakeman.had his right foot so badly mashed thatamputation may be necessary. Hamilton was making a coupling of twofreight cars and when the patent coupler refused to wonk he attempted toopen it by kicking it with his foot. Inso doing his foot caught between thetwo cars. The injured man was takento hii home in Covington. IJe formerly resided in Paris.Library Tables.Solid oak library tables,'S4.7o to 25.during this month,tf " A. F. WHEELER & CO.A Way to Increase Business.Go after more trade with a Studebaker "20." You can get more tradebecause you can make swift, sure deliveries over a wider distance.With a Studebaker "20" you doubleyour delivery resources ; you not onlyequal at lessened coat your present service, but add the invaluable ability togo farther in much less time.Taking orders by telenhone and delivering goods by the Studetaker"420" is the routine of the best merchants today. Get your car now.Send for usBuURBON GARAGE.Best for Less MoneyIt pays to buy the best. When youneed anvthing in house furnishingsgo where you get the best for Lhe leastmoney. That is atJ. T. HINTON'S.Paris Loses to Lexington.In a fiercely fought and liotly contested game at Lexington Friday nightthe basket ball team of the LexingtonHigh School defeated the Paris HighSchool team by a score of 28 to 12.The game was cne cf the roughest ofthe season. The'Paris boys were ontheir mettle throughout and manytimes stopped the Lexington boysfrom scoring when a burst of j speedgave the indication that the gamewnnld he a walk-over. The local teamwas unable to overcome the "stronglead taken by their opponents.Call for Atlanta Bible ConferenceThe Fifteenth annual March BibleGonlerence will be held in Atlanta,Ga.. on March 7-16, inclusive. Thesecjnference have drawn annually ministers, lavmen and Bible students fromall parts of the country and from ailevangelical denominations. The conference itself operates'.under a chartercomposed of practically all of the ministers and laymen from every church inAtlanta. It is interdenominational ineupcort and non-denominational inteaching.Rugs.Beautiful 9x12 Axminster rugs- forTannnrv Clearance sale $16.75. WoolFiber Rugs, 9x1.2, $8.50. These pricesso for the rest of this month,tf A. F. WHEELER & CO.Almost Destroy Machinery.A valuable piece of machinery belonging o the Higgins Wire ScreenCo.. of Newport, which has been instorage at the old lead mine in EastParis since its abandonment, wasalmost destroyed several days agowhen miscreants entering the buildingbroke all of Ihe brass fittings.The machine, which was valued atabout ?4 000, was used in ire deelopment of the lead mine, but since it wasft.undoned it had been crated and leftin one of the buikiincs. The brass fitji.gs were very valuable and the owners ot the machine will suffer aconaidv erable loss..7PERSONAL MENTION.Miss Manraret.Toolin"has returnedfrom a visit to friends in Lexington.Mr. 2nri!Mrs.Harry'Saloshin leftSunday niorht for New York on a visit.Mrs. Clarpnce Fogg has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Mt. Sterling. Mrs. Claude Redmon returned yeterday from a visit to relatives inTennessee.Mr. FredSBatterton has gone toLancaster onbusmess to remain several months.Mrs. W. E. Simms Tand daughter,Miss Lucv Simms.(are visiting Mr. EdSimms in Texas.A number of Parisians attendedthe blanche Ring performance in Lexington last night.Mr. Harry Holt is confined to hishome on Mt. Airy avenue, sufferingwith an attack of grip.Mrs. W. H. Harris, who has beenvisiting Mrs. A. B. Adams in Frankfort, has returned home.Mr. and Mrs. James R. 'McCann,of New York, are guests of theirniece, Miss Jessie Brown.Mr. and Mrs. Watson Judy havereturned from a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Mason Talbott in Georgetown.Mr. and Mrs. James Bradley, ofthis city.-attended the funeral of Mrs.John Bradley in Lexington Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. 0ohn Davis haveleased the Methodist parsonage onPleasant.street and will move at once.Miss Ollie Chambers, of the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company,who has been quite ill at the WindsorHotel, is improving.Mr. Lewis Lilieston, who has beenvisiting his brothers, MessrH. Henryand Lyfora Lilieston. in Kansas City,Mo., returned home Sunday.Mrs. J. A. Ly'e has returned homefrom a seveial weeks' visit to relatives in Washington, and is at thehome of .Mr. and Mrs. Wallace MitchellMrs. Flora Price Bloom, who hasbeen visiting her brother, Mr. LeePricp, went to Cincinnati Friday afternoon to be the guest of relatives andfriends.Mrs. Sim Levy will entertain witha linen shower for her sister, MissEssie Saloshin.' at the home of Mr.and Mrs. Louis baloshin, Saturdaymorning.Mr. J. H. Butler, who has been atthe Mayo Bros.' hospital at Rochester,N. Y., returned home today in companv with his daughter, Mrs. WilliamM. Shobe.The infant child of Mr. and Mrs.Frank Sullivan, which has beeu seriously ill tor several days with pneumonia, is now greatly improved withgood chances for recovery.William Buckner Kenney, theyoung son of Mr. and Mrs. ClarenceKenney. who was operated on for appendicitis at St. Joseph Hospital, Lexington, is improving nicely.Mrs. W ,H. Renick and daughter,Mrs. Uuncan Bell, left yesterday torJ Miami. Florida, where they will joinMr. and Mrs. Scott Renick and spendthe remainder of the winter.I Mrs. Blanton Holt, of Lexington,left Thursday for El Paso. Texas, tobe at the bedside of her niece, MissMabel, daughter of Mr. J. P. O'Connor, who is seriously ill, followingan operation for appendicitis. : Mr.O'Connr's wife died about threeweeks ago, and his many friends herewill regret to hear of his daughter'sillness.Mrs. Albert Hniton entertained atauction bridge Saturday afternoon ather home on Pleasant street. Thosepresent were Mrs. Sidney Clay, Mrs.Charlton Alexander, Jr., Mrs. M. H.Dailey, Mrs. James B. Woodford, Mrs.Buckner Woodford, Jr., Mrs. Thos.Allen, Mrs. W. 0. Hiuton, .Mrs AmosTurney, Misses Bessie Holladay, KateAlexander, Frances Johnson, ElizabethEmbry, Mary Peed, of Mayslick.Mrs. Albert Hinton entertainedwith an elegant card party at herhome on Pleasant'street Fridav afternoon. The guests arrived at 12:30 andwere served with an elegant five courseluncheon after which six handj euchrewas played at threeltables. .The charming hostess was assistedin entertaining by Mrs. W. 0. Hintonand Mrs. Amos Turney, Jr. Therooms were decorated in growingplants, jonquils and narcissus.After the games three prizes wereawarded, Mrs. John Stuart Robertsreceiving the prize for thn highestseme, a chased gold bar pin; Mrs.Buckner Woodford Jr., the lone handprize, an embroidered towel, and theconsolation, for which all drew, ,wasgivehfto Mrs. Thompson Tarr, and wasa sandwich basket.Those who enjoyed this lovely occasion were Mrs. Ollie Marshall, Mrs. T.Tadlock, Mrs. John S. Roberts, Mrs.Amos Turney, Mrs. Jesse Turney,Mrs. James Woodford, Mrs. WilliamWornall, Mrs. Buckner Woodford, Jr.,Miss Mary Peed, of Mayslick, Mrs.Thompson Tarr, Mrs. Hugh Montgomery. Mrs. Owen Davis, Miss KateAlexander, Mrs. Ed. Turner, Mrs.Harry Clay, Mrs. J. F. Clay, Mrs.Wm.tMcClintock and Mrs. J. T. Vansunt. Freight Conductor ShootsFireman,k Alleged disobedience of orders followed bv a difficulty was the cause ofFrank Keith a freight conductor on theLouisville and Nashville railroadhootinc R. Allen, locomotive fireman.The shooting took place Friday morninc at an early hour in the South yardsin this city. 'Allen was not danceruuslv hurt and continued on his run.The trouble, Jt is said, came aboutwhen Allen backed an engine into ai freight train in charge of Keith without a signal from him. This led to anargument and when Keith climbed tothe cab of the engine the firemanwielded a shovel with such effect as toknock him off.Allen then Ftepped to the window ofthe cab. and Keith, who was upon theground, fired upon him, the bulletstriking him above the left eve.'iniflcting a slight wound and glancing off.J No arrests were made.Real Estate Transfers.The following deeds have been lodged in the office of CountyClerk Patonfor lecord.2 Amelia Martin's heirs to B. F. McClure and L. A. Soper, house and lotin Little Rock, $200".A. L. Baker to L. A. Soper, houseard lot in Little;Rock, $400.J. H. Moore to J. H. Haggard, houseand lot in Paris, SI.Rachel Harlow's assignee to J. T.Hinton, house and lot in Paris, $2,310.Llovd Ashurst to C. B. Ecton, andLloyd .Ashurst, Jr., 172 acres, $16,-521.60.Lloyd Ashurst and others to LloydAshurst and C. B. Ecton, 49 .94 acresat $5,203.S. M. Smith to D. S. Henry, houseund lot in Paris, $1.J'. H. Haggard to D. S. Henry, houseand lot in Paris, $1.' For Sale.Three 18x24 12-oz double filled tarpaulins. Home phone 294. tfAttend the Auction.Only a short time since Mr. W. II.Anderson bought a piece of Mainstreet property which he could sell fora handsome profit. This is invariablythe case with those who buy Mainstreet property. Attend the auctionsale on February 18 at two o'clock p.m. Easy terms.Special in Rockers.Solid oak imitation leather scat sewing rocker, SI. 25 up to $3.75tf A. F. WHEELER & CO.Legs Crushed Off by Engine.As the result of an accident whichoccurred in the South yards of theLouisville and Nashville railroad Saturday afternoon about two o'clockWilliam A. Lennox, a locomotive fireman, lost both of his lower limbs whenhe was run down by a yard engine.Lennox had been called to go out ona run and was at the round house getting his engine ready. He steppedfrom the cab onto one of the tracksand was struck by the locomotive thatwas drawing a dead engine.The crew of the yard engine did notsee Lennox as they approached him.The locomotive pasaedover his legs below the knees so najlly mangling themthat amputation was necessary.A special train tockjthe unfortunateman to Lexington where the operationwas performed immediately. Both "ofhis legs were removed below the knees.He rallied from the shock of the injury and anesthetic and his conditionwhile still critical was somewhat improved yesterday.Lenox is twenty-three years of ageand unmarried. He is a brother of J.A. Lenox, an employe of the railroadcompany, and who accompanied theinjured man to Lexington.Money Saving Shoe SaleOur big shoe sale will be 'continueduntil Saturday. February 15. LWehave some rare bargains.GEO. McWILLIAMS.Local Market Shows Improvement.The local tobacco market showedsome improvement Saturday over theprevious sales of the week, when atotal of 104.110 pounds were offeredand sold at an average price of 11cents per pound. The market was active and in; marked contrast to thesales .held Thursday.The quality of tobacco now being received at the warphouse is very inferior to that of several wepks ago whenthe cream of- the product of thiscounty was placed on sale and most ofthe finer grades being disposed of.At the sales Saturday the biddingwas exceedingly acyve and the bettergrades of the weedwere in demand bythe buyers. Following are a part ofthe averages of the individual sales ofSaturday :Ardery and Fookes sold their cropfor an average of $14.85.Homer Hutchison sold a crop at anaverage of $16.75.C. Sheppard eceived an aveiage.of$13.81 for his offering.The crop of Hutchcraft and Frank;lin brought an average of $14.Clay and Gaunce's crop averaged$15.11.Collins and Cortis sold an entire' cropof 15,800 pounds at an average of$14.41.To this date the sales of tobaccoon the local market amounts to 3,269,-310 pounds which brought $431,287.91,being an average of $13.19.A Progressiveand SolidInstitutionWe Invite You to Open anAccount With Us. !You Are Assured of Fair.Treatment.Liberal Accommodations.3 per cent, on Time Deposits.!Capital 100,010.00IIBourbon Bank &I t r 1HUM UJ.Surplus and Profits... 50,000.00Our Trust Departmentacts as Administrator, Ex-Iecutor, Guardian or Trusteein all trust capacities.A safe and competentHHHHWHiMiHHlwiLOSTChild's gold bracelet on streets ofParis between Sixth street and postoffice. Will pay liberal reward for return. E. M. LIGHTFOOT,2t Sixth street.DaughertyBros.A small part ofthe money you spendfor fleeting" pleasures andamusements will secure foryou the' lasting" enjoyment ofthe Victor. 'The world's greatest bands,orchestras and soloists provide their best for your entertainment. Get a Victor today. Pricesrange from $10 ro $100 for a Victor,$1 5 to $250 for a Victor-Victrola,and we'll make easy t2rms to sit.DAUGBROSHERTYPine Furniturel Hakes Fine nomes.I We Have Fine Furniture,And not only Fine Furniture, but Furniture'of all kindsat the very Lowest Prices you will Jfind inANY RELIABLE Furniture Store. .Spring Wall Paper, Rugs and CarpetsAre Now Being Shown.For LowestKiNew Spring GoodsArriving Daily.New Percales,New Homespun Linens,New White Goods,New Wash Goods,New Embroideries,New Laces.OCOME tLOOKW. EdvrITne Place to PurchaseYour Jewelry is kUTTAThe HouseUp-to-Date Goods In Sterling Silver and Gold.SHIRK &Sast Venn. 2SS.H HH HH KH HPrices and BestI ifV:::THEM OVER.Tuckerof Quality'FITHIN,jfcome 130.I9Goods, SeeIIW i """"i inalK I .v. -ajtag-( iTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEBRUARY 11 19t3,?'mIi itFARM LOANSThis company accepts first mortgage loans on farms,when duly approved as security for money loaned.We are, therefore, always glad to hear from thosewho own real property, and who require funds for building or other purposes, or who are contemplating the purchase of new farms; and we are, as a rule, prepared toadvance such funds, if the property is of recognised valueand the desired loan relatively reasonable.It is always requisite that there shall be "a wide margin between the market value of the property and theamount of the loan for which the property is offered assecurity.We aim to be as liberal as possible in all cases, however; and those who seek loans of this character will dowell to consult with us. Write to the following addressgiving full particulars.mIUnion Trust & Savings:au i-rswto OrderWe AlsoIDo 1DRYcleaning!pressing,repairing.Best WorkGuaranteed.jaia5J5niaaaKillviaBIBbih2!3mjflBUBThomas Bros.5!!SISBJUBiaKiaxiBtctCkG2ms:a:i(aumiialisBiiKentncky Traction andTerminal Co.Winter .Schedule Interurban Bivisions, in Effect Oct. 1, 1912.All cars run week days and Sundaysexcept those marked with an ex (x),which run only on week days.BIBaisBIBciabibmimbibHISEIBSIRSiiBISSisBIBLve. Lexington Lve. Parisfor Paris For Lexington.x6.00 a m 6.45 a m7.20 a m 7.30 a mx8.00 a m 8.15 a m8.50 a m 9.00 a m10.20 a m 9.45 a m11.50 am 11.15 a m1.20 p m 12.45 p m2.50 p m 2.15 p m3.30 p m 3.45 p m4.20 p m 5.15 p m,5.00 p m 6.00 p m6.00 p m 6.45 p m7.20 p m 8.15 p m' 9.10 p m 10.45 p m11.00 p m x7.30 a mx9.00 a m6.00 pm$100 Reward $100.The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dread disease that science has beenable to cure in all its stages, and thatis catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Cure is theonly positive cure now known to themedical fraternity. Catarrh being aconstitutional disease requires a constitutional treatment. Hall's CatarrhCare is taken internally, acting directly upon the mucous surfaces of thesystem, thereby destroying the foundation of the disease, and giving thepatient strength by building up the'constitution and assisting nature in doling its work. The proprietors have somuch faith in its curative powers thatthey offer One Hundred Dollars forany case that it fails to cure. Sendfor list of testimonials.Z Address F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo,Ohio.Sold by all druggists. 75 cents.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. IfNo Need to Stop Work.When the doctorj'orders you to stopwork it staggers you. I can't, youiayt You know you are weak, rundown and failing in health day byday, but you must work as long as you-can stand. What you need is ElectricBitters to give tone, strength and vigor to your system, to prevent breakdown and build you up. Don't, beweak, sickly or ailing when ElectricBitters will benefit you from the firstdose. Thousands bless them for theirglorious health and strength. Trythem. Every bottle is guaranteed losatisfy. Only 50 centa at Ob-".rorr's'. jMBHMHBHHMMMHBimi. 1111 AIIBII ATA1I I fTTm I fc l TMM TM i n 1 1 miMniiiiliMMiiifc a fc fc fcfri flMfc BMBBWMWWB tm VmCo., MaysviIIe, Ky-Shooting From Aeroplanes.Aeroplane shooting parties are becoming all . the go in France. Onegreat drawback to the new sport hasdeveloped; the difficulty in finding thebirds or hares after they are shot. Totfelp out in this most aggravatingemergency Vedrines is perfecting anew kind of landing frame or chassis,which will enable an aeroplane tocome to earth without a shock. Vedrines has become a busy gunner's airguide and from his present headquarters at Etampes he takes out dailyparties of flying sportsmen. Theyshoot in surrounding districts andrarely fail to provide a fine game dinner of partridges and other delicaciesof the hunting season.Old Trade Route to Europe.The great desert of Gobi, that is.partly in China, partly in Manchuria,partly in Mongolia and partly in Siberia, is traversed by the oldest transportation lines in existence. It has acaravan route over which tea and silkladen camels have traveled toward Europe for three thousand years and yetfrom the time when Kublai Khan macadamized the road until the timewhen the Russian railroad paralyzed itby the competition of steam no oneof the merchants who traveled over itturned either lo the right or to theleft to tell Europe and the Occident ofthe wonders or the terrors of that unknown land. Argonaut.Chorus Girl's First Thought.Kenneth McGaffey of New York, ata meeting of the Chicago chapter ofthe Friars recently, told a short storydescriptive of the many calls upon thetheatrical profession for "benefits" ofthis or that sort. "Scene is a hall bedroom off Broadway," said Mr. McGaffey. "Two chorus girls are just waking up. One reaches out and getsthe morning paper, sees the headlines,and gasps: 'My, Mazie, just see this!'she says. 'The paper says John D.Rockefeller and Andy Carnegie areboth dying. What do you think ofI that?' 'O, Gee, two more benefits,' remarks Mazie, as she turns over foranother 'forty winks.' "Friedman Cure to be Tried inAmerica.Hurrying homeward from abroadwith tuberculosis serum in his possession which, he says, is the firBt of ihewidely discussed Friedman culture tobe brought to this country, Dr. Austin B. Held, a nhysician of Pittsburg.arrived on the steamship Potsdamfrom Europe and at once took a trainfor his homa where hiB wife, a consumptive, awaits the arrival of whatDr. Held hopes willjbe a cure for her.Dr. Held has enough baccilli only forone patient, he declared. The patientwill be his wife. JE1?-.Dr. Held was met at quarantine byDr. Milton H. Foster, of the EllisIsland health service, and questionedin behalf of the United States government about the Friedman cure. Dr.Held told Dr. Foster he had been convinced of the efficiency of the cureandjhad obtained from Dr. Friedmanjust enough serum to treat a patientsuffering from tuberculosis of thebone.Dr. Friedrich Franz Friedman, theGerman scientist, i who dscovered theserum last month, was offered $1,000,000 byiCharles E. Finlaj, a banker;if he would cure 95 out of 100 patientsto be placed under his care. Thebanker's interest in the serum resulted from the fact that a relative bymarriage suffers with tuberculosis.Danville Circuit Adopts New PlanThe Board of Council of the city ofDanville has determined upon a newplan in dealing with public utility corporations. Instead of selling franchises to the highest bidder a percentage'of the'gross receipts will berequired. The Danville Elecric Co. isnow operating under this plan and ispaying the city $743 annually. Whenthe Cumberland'Telephone Company'sfranchise expires next November thatconcern will be placed upon the sameplan.Notes for the Gardener.The finest way to store cabbage forwinter is to cut off the head,, trim offthe outer leaves and wrap each headin newspapers ; store in. the cellar, andthey will come out crisp and brittle.When setting out tomato or cabbageplants, if a piece of paper ib wrappedaround each plant, not too closely, andallowed to extend above tne groundtwo or three inches they will escapecutworms. In planting tomatoes, diga hole, and put in two quarts of manure, tramping it firmly to avoid drying out. Set the roots of the plantdirectly on the manure, pack the dirtIn, and press firmly around the roots.This treatment will give jiDe tomatoestwo weeks earlier than the usual way.Some squashes can be grown by giving them a mulch of manure six oreight inches deep, extending two orthree feet on all"sides of the hill; Thisis the way to grow fine rhubarb alsc, 'IIML'Uilimill I LULU Wwi i man i nllMiBBBi H.BY CLYDE TAVENNERCongressman-Elect.Washington, Feb. 10. Few personarealize the far reaching importance ofthe fact that the United States willsoon havean income tax on its statutes. First of all it means that millionaireswill, for the first time since this nation has stood, bear a fair proportionof the burden of taxation.It is estimated that one hundred million dollars will be raised annually bytaxinc incomes. This will mean thatthat amount of taxation is to be takenoff the things that the Deople musthavejtin order to live and placed onwealth.Under the system of protection asplayed in this country, nearly everypenny of the monpy necessary to runthe government, maintain the armyand navy., construct public buildings,etc., is raised by taxing the things tnepeople eat, wear and use. The onlything that protection does not tax iswealth. A man with a fortune of tenmillion dcllais has not been requiredto pay a single penny of tax to thegovernment. This seems almost unbelievable but it is true, lhe manworking on the section for one dollarand fifty cents per day, with a familyof five children, is at the present timeactually contributing more to run thenational government than the millionaire bachelor, too proud to marry andraise a family.The United States of America ispractically the only one of the greatnations where such a condition exists.Nearly every first class nation onearth levies.either an income tax oran inheritance tax. We have neither.Why have we never been able toplace an ..income tax on the statutebooks is the question that naturallyarises. Here is the anwser: Highprotectionists have prevented, the passage of an income tax law because theyknow that the more money the government collected from taxing incomesthe less excuse there would be for atariff tax. To take protection awayfrom the tariff trusts is to interferewith their monopolies. And how couldthe tariff trusts gouge consumers without having monopolies of Americanmarkets.THE COTTON TARIFF ROBBERY.The American peode are naying annually about $30,000,000 more for theircotton goods than they ought to pay,because of the inquitous Payne-Ald-richtariff law. The 63rd Congress ispreparing to intefere with this robbery. There will be a big downwardrevision on all kinds of cotton goods.Tne cotton schedule ot the Payne-Ald-richlaw carries an average duty ofabout 53 per cent. This means thatevery article of cotton cloth and everypiece of cotton yarn that comesthrongh the cuBtom houEe has 53 percent added to its foreign price. Andon cotton goods that does not comethrough the custom house, but is manufactured in this country, the 55 percent is added just the same by thehome manufacturer.When the tariff on cotton goods isreducedjone-third or one-half ot thepresent rates, this article so muchused by women and children, may behad at the price more nearly representing the actual value of the goods.Getting There.The fellow who gets there doesn'tdepend so much on inspiration as onperspiraMon. Philadelphia E.ecord.Whisky AssessmentThe assessment on whisky in bondwas fixed'at $12 a barrel by the StateBoard of Valuation and AssessmentFriday. This is an increase of $2 abarrel over last year. The assessment takes effect from January 1,1913.is This Expert Evidence?A woman's idea of elastic currencyis a ono dollar bill stuck under hergarter. Washington Post.Here is a message of hope and goodcheer from Mrs.C. J. Martin, BooneMill, Va., who is the mother of eighteen children. Mrs. Martin was curedof stomach trouble and constipation byChamberlain'sTablets after five yearsof suffering, and now recommendsthese tablets to the public. Sold byall dealers.'Poies Not to be Removed.In an, opinion handed , down FridayJudge Walter Evans in the FederalCourt at Louisville refused to dissolvethe injunction granted to the WesternUnionTelegraph orapany. four monthsago,to prevent the removal of thetelegraphjCornpany's poles and wiresfrom the right of way of Lthe railroadcompany. Condemnation proceedingsto secure a right of way will be heardby a jury in the Federal Court March12, at which time a valuation 'of theright of way now occupied by the telegraph company willjbe fixed.There Are Compensations. ,"This increased cost of living issomething terrible!" said the youngman as he paid the third installmenton the engagement ring.To Protect Boyle County Quail.Effective methods are being eraployed in Boyle county to protect qnailagainst both the hunters and the ravages of starvation. J. M. Bailey,game warden, employed jointly by theBoyle County Fish and Game IProtective Association and the KentuckyGame and Fish Commission, has located 42 cuvies of quail in the county.On one farnf there are 500 birds.Farmers who are members of the organization are assisting in guardingthe birds, and during cold weatherwhenjlit rs 'impossible for them to secure food they are fed by WardenBailey nd his assistants. Mr. Baileybus jursidicton over all adjoining counties, and is arranging to extend .theco-operation plan into Mercer, Garrard, Lincoln, ."Washington arid Casevcounties; . , SSSSSS. - -rIch"" kfljA Traveling Agricultural Display"JTA seventy-five foot railroad ?car specially designed and decorated to exhibitproducts of the Great and "Fertile Northewst. Prepared and sent out by-U the Northern Pacific Railway to SHOW YOU what is being raised byprorperous farmers and fruit growers in the rich States of Minnesota, Wisconsin, North Dakota. Minnesota, Idaho, Washington and Oregon.In this car you will see what you could do if you were located along the ScenicHighway in The Land of Fortune.You could farm by intensive methods on irrigated land, or you could "dryfarm" on non-irrigated land. You could raise fruit, vegetables, poultry anddaily products, making money and enjoying life just as thousands of people aredoing out in this marvelous country.This Exhibit Car, which you are cordially invited to inspect, will be atL & N. Depot, Paris, Ky,, February 18.l(W)NORTHERNScenic HighwayI IlaMM BB3MB mKBB Miii M MM"1Sam'l Kerslake& Son,Paris, - Kentucky.Horse Shoeing,Machine Shop.Automobile Repairinga Specialty.New Shoe ShineParlors.Ed. ParkerThe popular Elevator Boy andJanitor at the AgriculturalBank, has opened a Shoe-ShiningParlor in the hallway of the jBank and will be glad to wait Ion tne puDiic in tnia section outhe city.Your Patronage Is Solicited.special RatesLow RoundJ TripHomeseek-ers TicketsTo points in Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi, Arizona, Arkansas;Missouri, New Mexico, Oklahoma",Texas and Kansas on sale first andthirdjTuesday of each month, returnlimit 25 days from date of sale.Round trip "Winter Tourist iickets toall principal winter resorts in theSouth on sale Oct. 15th to Arjril30th.j 1913, final return limit May 3lst, 1913.j?or luituei miuiuiiiLioiJ, ayyiy tuW. H. HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, T. A.Figure It Out.Mrs. Towne "Have you had thisset of china long?" Mrs. Subbubs ."Let me see; I've had it just fourgirls and a half." Philadelphia Record. Fur a snrain you will find Chamberlain Liniment excellent. It allaysthe nain.' removes the soreness andirestores thejiart to a healthy co'ndiiinn. . 25 and 50 cent bottles, for saleTHISICome and See ItADMISSION FREETell Your FriendsIf you cannot visit the car, write toState or section you are interested in. Weillustrated Jbooklets to your home address.PAGICFICThrough theL. J. BBICKER, Gen'l Immigration Agent, St.A. M. CLELAND, Gen'l Passenger Agent, St.SMSBSVSvjrsSSHNBNJBNaThe LouisvilleEnjoys the Largest! Circulation in Kentucky Because it is the Best Newspaperin the State and 'the People Know it.NEWS WHEN 5T IS NEWS!Besides giving the public the most reliable market reports, as well as general news, The Herald's special features make it pre-eminent among Louisvilfe newspapers .Special attention is called to HerbertQuick's masterful articles which arenow running serially in The Heraldentitled,On Board the good Ship earth i(Back numbers of thf se articles free on request to allwho subscribe now)The Daily Louisville HeraldANDThe Bourbon NewsBoth by Mail for One Year for $2.75' No subscription can be taken for theHerald to be mailed to any town orcity where that paper is delivered byearner."Roxie" Davis !IU Insurance HgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning : : : ::::::Biggest and Best .Paving Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Calf.2 Helios 137This is the season ofthe year whenmothers feel very mucK concerned overthe frequent colds contracted by theirchildren, and have abundant reason forit qs every cold weakens the lungs,lowers the vitality and paves the wayfor more serious diseases that so ftftenfollow. Chamberlain's Uaugh Kernels' lamous tor its cures and ispleasant and safe totake. ,i- For saleW-'us and telll us whatwill gladly send freeAILWAYLand of FortunePaul, Minn. !Panl, Minn.Daily Herald lTheBourbon Horse GoodsGo.Incorporated.Manufacturers ofHarness, Horse Boots and"Leather Novelties of . .All Kinds,All OrclersPromptly; Executed AnctWork Guaranteed.No. 304 Main StreetRepairing of All Kind DoneWhile You Wait.Opp. Cojirt Hoqse.R'r VrfJ& -4 .eT,iac"".-fby all dealers.by all dealers.i11 A SvnlClubbing Bargain!WE OFFERTHE BOURBON NEWSANDThe Cincinnati Weekly EnquirerBOTH ONE YEAR FOR ONLY$2Subscriptions May be New or Renewal.What The Weekly Enquirer IsIt is issued every -Thursday, subscription price $1.00per year and is one of the best home metropolitan weeklies of to-day. It has all the facilities of the greatDAILY ENQUIRER for obtaining the world's events andfor that reason can give you all the leading news. Ii alsocarries a great amount of valuable farm matter, crispeditorials and reliable up-to-date market reports. Itsnumerous depariments make it a necessity to every home,farm or business man.This grand offer is limited and we advise you to takeadvantage by subscribing for the above combination rightnow.Call or mail all orders toCThe Bourbon News, Paris, Ky.rCourier-JournalYou Can Not Keep Posted on Current EventsUnless You Read theCOURIER-JOURNAL(Louisville, Ky HENRY WATTERSON, Editor.)DemoGratiG PresidentHas been elected, and an era of Prosperityhas set in. You can get theW66KIU oourler-JoiirnalANDTtie BourDon NewsBoth One Year for $2.25Regular price of Weekly Courier-Journal.00 a year. We can also make a specialrate on Daily or Sunday Courier-Journal incombination with this paper.To Get Advantage of this Cut Rate,Orders Must Be Sent Us. Not 'M to COurier -k Oxy-TonThe Great Germ Destroyer andBlood PurifierFor AiS Diseases of the Blood, and asa TonicjThere is But OneOxy-TonicIf you have a Cold, Cough, Sore Throaty Catarrh orLaGrippe, use Oxy-Tonic; if Bilious and Malaria inyour system, take Oxy-Tonic.The manufacturers guarantee Oxy-Tonic to givesatisfaction or money refunded.Call and get a free sample atW. T. Brooks, Druggist,Paris, Kentucky.Oxy-Tonic, Co., Incorporated,Louisville, Ky.7feMtHot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits You are next.M. A. KAHAL.en rl i rr-iJJournal.1C5Do you know that.more real dangerlurks in a common cold than in anyother of the minor ailments. The safeway is to take Chamberlain's CoughRemedy, a thoroughly reliable preparation, and rid yourself of the cold "ssquickly as possible. This remedy isfor sale by all dealers.There is no better medicine made forcolds than Chamberlain's Cough Kemedy. It acts on nature's plan, relievesthe lungs, opens the- secretions, aidsexpectoration and restores the systeirto a healthy condition. For sale by Jail Idealers. -i.JCAST LIGHT ONADMINISTRATIONWilson's New Jersey LawsPlesstag To Congress.Acts Based On Stanley'sWork On Steel Committee.Kentucky Congressman Explains Three-Year lattle.RESTORING CONFIDENCEWashington, Jan. 81. (Special.)Members of Congress showed greaterInterest in Governor Woodrow "Wilson'sNew Jersey anti-trust program, as announced in the morning newspapers today, than In any previous act or utterance of the President-elect. They feelthat he has thrown a great light uponone phase of his administration, andtake It for granted that he will advocate before Congress the same antitrust laws, particularly because th6substance of these laws originated withRepresentative A. O. Stanley, SenatorEL M. La Follette and Louis D. Brandeis,respectively.Mr. Stanley in a statement todayshowed what portions of his bills Governor Wilson has apparently applied tothe New Jersey situation, and expressedhis gratification thereat This portionof the New Jersey program is'especlallygratifying to the Democrats of thoHouse, as the authorization of the Stanley Steel Trust investigation, fromwhich the bills grew, was one of thefirst acts of the Democratic majoritythat was elected In 1910.In commenting on Governor Wilson'santi-trust remedies, Mr. Stanley said:"Governor Wilson's unqualified Indorsement f the anti-trust legislationoontained in the seven bills introducedin the New Jersey Senate affords me aprofound gratification I cannot express.For nearly three years I have been demanding the amendments of existingaws, forbidding tho very abuses whichthis legislation Is intended to correct.During the period of Republican ascendancy my bills and resolutions werepigeonholed and I was denounced bytho standpat press as a dangerousvisionary and a demagogue.Democrats Organized Probe."One of the first acts of the Democratic Congress, however, was to passthese resolutions and organize a commltteo, of wnlch I was mado chairman,for the purpose of investigating theabuses of which I had complained.This committee on August 2, 1912, Introduced legislation forbidding corporations engaged in interstate commerce from:A Underselling in local markets.B Fixing prices to the consumer.C Issuing watered stock.D Forming holding companies.E Entering Into agreements for thecontrol of the price of any commodity.F Owning stock In other corporations. G Agreeing to limit production.H Attempting to prevent competition in the transportation, manufactureor sale of any article."After sixteen months of laboriousInvestigation the committee w.hich Investigated the affairs of the Steel Corporation not only reported the statusof the concern, but proposed new legislation in the form of bills which I hadthe honor to introduce in the House."Yesterday there was introduced inthe Senate of New Jersev. with the express approval of the next President ofthe United States, bills prohibiting Inthat State the very practices which thelegislation to which I haVe referredwill prohibit in the United States."At this time I have had no opportunity to investigate the text of thesebills, but the purpose of the Federallegislation recommended by. the committee or by myself and the State legislation indorsed by Governor Wilson areidentical, one being so drawn as to prohibit these practices within the Stateand the other within the Federal Union.In the preparation of these measuresthe committee and its chairman are indebted for invaluable assistance furnished without charge by some of thegreatest jurists in the nation, the mostconspicuous among them being LouisD. Brandeis, of Boston, and Robert R.Reed, of New York.Wllaon Inspires Confidence."Governor Wilosn' brave and cheering declaration that these acts are designed to put an end to trusts and monopoly under the laws of New Jersey,and I confidently predict they will accomplish that much-desired result, willinspire the courage and renew the hopeof every progressive Democrat in thecountry."The law can be enforced as easilyagainst the mightiest as against themeanest of malefactors If those who areIntrusted with its enactment and execution are not hampered by obligations toor deterred by the dread of the pelf orpower of the violators of the law."The trouble hitherto has been thatthe men who are intrusted with the enforcement of the law dreaded the powernd the money of the men who are violating the law. The Congress and theSenate are being literally winnowed ofthe legislative agents of great corporations and of men who hope to obtain fatretainers after retiring from public lifeby so demeaning themselves as not toincur the Hi will of great railroad systems and manufacturing concerns."Bryan struck the keynote when hodeclared that the American people willno longer tolerate public men who areunder any obligations, financial, officialor professional, to the privileged violators of the law and plunderers of thepeople."With fearless and incorruptible mento write them lawB, and with WoodrowWilson to enact them, we are in thodawn of a new and brighter industrialera."In a rival political camp from Mr.nnrt H tcjln toro Qr1 Snnntnr To TPnllaffpias been hammering away along theame line. Both he and Mr. Stanleyvere assisted in great measure by Mr.Brandeis, and, if rumor should be veri.led and Mr. Brandeis become AttorneyGeneral under Wilson, tho KentuckitfMand the Wisconsin man could cheerfull vBupport and find comfort in that portionthe Administration.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES-VThe poultry showmond last week was ain tvery particular.held-'afKich-grandsuccessA. M. Casey, of Mpysville, recently sold to A, P. Adair, of this count.v,the Duroc breeder, one show Southdown ewe at 40. one at $25 and one at$20 and a ram lamb for $30.Never burn the cornstalks, if youdesire to secure the most benefit fromthem, but utilize them in feedingstock, and making manure, or turnthem under deeply at this season ofthp year.We arereceiving"a carload of Percheron mares every two weeks, fromone tofour yearsold.$ Phone or writeH. T. BROWN &'CO.,".3 rrt , Lexington Ky." " V r Union Stock Yards.--Danville Messenger: "Sheriff B.G. Fox, the wide-awaka horse andmule man, hss been in several CentralKentucky towns lately buying mules.He reports strictly high class mulesas rather scarce, but of the mediumgrade the suDDly is about equal to thedemand. Prices are holding up fairlywell.""-- - ,,x'' iww J- cJuSajW. P. Givens, of near Danville,has just completed sowing ten acresof land in alfalfa. He has been growing alfalfa with remarkable successfor a"numberof years. On five"acresofjland the past season four crops wereHarvested, each crop being equal tothe average crop of timothy orclovertaken froma similar area of ground.The totalharvest was sold at an average of $162 per acre.Plans soon will be put on foot forgetting up a'Jive stock exhibit in Kentucky for the Panama-Pacific exposition at San Francisco in 1915. Commissioner of Agriculture J. W. Newman ; W. H. Uiltner, of Eminence,president of the Hereford Association:3. A. Ferra, of Nicholasville, nresi(flept of the Kentucky Dairy CattleAssociation, and Prof. Joseph H. Kastle, director of the agricultural experiment station, have been appointed acommittee by the exposition management to take charge of the exhibit.Waiting for Vouchers.State Pension Agent Capt. W. J.Stone explained Friday that the requirement of the law that the entirepension roll for the quarter be sent tothe Auditor for him to issue warrantson the Treasury is "causing the delayin sending out checks for ConfederateDensions. He is waiting to get aboutfifty vouchers back from the pensioners before he can act.Sheperd Eludes OfficersJoe Sheperd, Talias "Big Boy,"wanted in Winchester for the murderof Deputy Sheriff Genrge M. Hart,was arrested at I Wilson's constructioncamp Friday night, but by a iuse andhis powerful strength succeeded inBreaking away from the officials andmade good his escape.Give (he Hog a Scratching Post.If a hog knew how to tell his wants,he would demand a scratching post.Such posts injhe opinion of many hoggrowers, are not only a source of greatcomfort tojiogo the picture of a hoc:or a pig scratching himself and softlygunting his content is worth a coupleot hours of any man's time in fixingup a pig post- -but the post may moreover be made useful in"ridding the animals of lice or scal.v skin. -A successful Maryland hog grower adopts thisplan. Firmly plant a hickory orpost 4 inches in dimaeter in theoakhogrun. Coil a manila ropepost as high as the hogmstaple it on securely,oughly saturate the ropearound thestands andThen thorwith crudepetroleum and it becomes an i idealscratching fcpost for hogs and pige.They will rub againBt it continuallyand oil is fatal to vermin. Kerosenecan be used but it evaporates tooreadily.Surprise Your Friends.For four weeks regularly use Dr.King's New Life Pills. They stimulate the liver, improve digestion, remove blood impurities, pimples anderuptions disappear from your laceand body and you feel bettei. Beginat once. Buy it at Oberdorfer's.Public Sale!OPStock, Crops & ImplementsHaving sold my farm, and intendingto locate in Ohio, I will sellat publicauction, at Maplehurst, onWednesday, February 19, 1913.beginning at 10 a. m., the following:1 large 6-year-old mare mule;7-yr-old Mare pony, gentle, wellbroken; 1 4-year-old Western gelding, goodall-around horse as ever on a farm ;2.1 3-year-old chestnut gelding, byLocanda 2:02, dam by Earlmorit 2:09;53 Southdown ewes;20 yearling Southdown bucks ;2 No. 1 Jersey milk cows;10 Duroc brood sows:10 young Duroc stock hogs ;1 top bugy, rubber tired ;2 road wagons ;1 2-horse wagon ;1 Deering mower ;1 Deering lawn mower, 1-horsepower;Bull lakes; sulky rakes; tedder.Baled ryestraw ;1 Baldwin upright piano;Some otner housphold goodsA lot of poultry;Other articles too numerous to mention, including a lot of implementssuch as are usually found on an up todate farm.WJ A. BACON,Manlehurst Stock Farm,R. F. D. No." 4, Paris, Ky.E. T. 'phone 152.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer. 31-6tNew Suits Arriving, "- -!i-' V. -,. 7 -'V -i ..... ... y r.-... . ,,. . A J& : 'tow. ' . .I :. " H v" " ' : " v :.:? : .r mr$ " ' . " c-i:.? -'.A ,-f. : .. '.jj$ ?..?:''.-: rv- 'SSiVlstHLOSS BROS 6 CO.Iv.aVkfHin r.fnx s.ir.n.rl.M.4 It 9.: . V'Flne Clotbcs fUkmTWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L. WoIIstein, Proprietor.L. 5c N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT )ECEMBER 8, 1912Trains &rrrveFROMAtlanta, Ga., Daiiy 5.21 amLexington, Ky.s Daily 5.18amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 amMaj'sville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 amRowland, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.00 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 amCincinnati, O., Dtfily 9.50 am'Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 amLexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 DmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 3.33 pmKnoxville.. 'enn.. Daily 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky. , Daily 5.40 pmCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5.55 pmLexington, Ky., Daily ' 6,15 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 amJacksonville. Fla., Daily . 6.18 pmCincinnati, O. , Daily 10 :50 pmNo.3413429710403731233262591383S5393083231Trains DepartNo. TO34 Cincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 am29 Lexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 arc10 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 8.20 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.24 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10.29 am6 Maysville, K., Daily 12.05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 3.S3 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.4o pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.52 pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 6 07 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.23 pra8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.20 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.35 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.55 pm13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57 pmIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3, 1911.Trains ArrrveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.30 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 rrm.Trains DepartNo. TO7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday 9.53 am131 Frankfort, Ky Daily Except Sunday 5.55 pmAre You a Cold SuffererTake Dr. King's New Discovery.thebest cough, cold, throat and lung medicine made. Money refunded if itfails to cure you. Do not hesitatetake it at our risk. First dose helps.J. R. Wells, Floydada, Texas, writes:"Dr. King's New Discoveiy cured myterrible cough and cold. I gained 15pounds." Buy it at OberdorferTs.Luke McLke Says."When two women get real chummyand lay their souls bare before oneanother it is a sign that they are tobe deadly enemies in at few weeks.Cincinnati Enquirer.Dr. King's New DiscoyerySoothes irritated throat and lungs,stops chronic and hacking cough, relieves tickling throat, tastes nice.Take no other; once used, a lwasused. Buy it at Oberdorfer's1 More Likely.The girl who thinks no man Is goodenough for her may be right, but Itis more likely that she is merelyspoiled.Mothers Can Safely Buy.Dr. King's New Discovery and giveit to the little ones when ailing andsuffering with colda, coughs, throat orlung troubles, tastes nice, harmless,once used, always used. Mrs. BruceCrawford, Niagara, Mo., writes:"Dr. King's New Discovery changedour boy from a pale, weak, sick boy tothe picture of health. "J Always helps.Bay it at Oberdorfer's.- Daily-Schloss Bros., & Co.,Baltimore, Md.,Hand Made SuitsAre Mere DirectFrom The TailorsHands. . -.We are showing the new Plum,Carnation, Grey and Browns, theprices very reasonable, $15 to $25.All Wool Fall Suits, newestshades at $10, $12.50 and $15.Our Fall Line of Haws VonGol Hats Douglass Shoes andTiwn.Bros., Special Shoes are arriving daily.The showing we are makingfor Fall is in every way up to thehighest class, our prices are morereasonable than elsewhere.New Art Store!I have opened an ArtStore next to Mrs. M. A.Paton. New and freshstock of all kinds of 'tfancy work :iEmbroidery, "jjPillow Cases, 1Towels, ;Underwear,Waists, Etc.Novelties of all Kinds;Stamping Done on ShortNotice Everythingguaranteed to be thebest. :::::::mrs.OJ.e-Boardper FM1Icunt, wo to mmW. KING & SON,125 Cheapslde, Lexlnston. Kyy'rrlrrMrs. PendletionMODISTE "Formerly With J. L. Watson, Lexington, Ky.Street and Evening Gowns, Blouse and Suits.iMr: Brown, an Experienced tailor, will have ckarge of all tailoredwork.'"IMILLERSBURG ITEMS.JwmMMMmwftkwmimftWi)GASOLINE ENGINES!3S335iWe have for sale severalgood Gasoline Engines in goodcondition, which have beenreplaced with electric motors.Anyone wishing an Engine fortheir farm can secure a bargain by applying tois Has iEleoiic0IncorporatedmmMKWAwmmwfmmwMMmwiLucky Adam.Another advantage Adam had "wasthat when he came back from a partyhe didn't have to talk to Eve about i Francis Marionwhat the women had on.Words of a True Patriot.Pity me not. I am happier thanyou; for I am fighting to be free.Surprise Your Friends.Dr. King's Nev DiscoveryFor four weeks regularly use Dr.King's New Life Pills. They stimu-Soothes irritated throat and lungs. J late the liver, improve digestion, re-stops chronic and hacking cough, remove blood impurities, pimples andlieves tickling throat, tastes nice, j eruptions disappear from your faceTake ro other; once used, a lwa s j and body and vou feel bettej. Beginused. Buy it at Uberdorrer's at once. Jtsuy it at UberdorfersOur town and community receivedquite a surprise Friday evening whenthe announcement cards of the marriage of Miss Mabel tLouise Letton, ofFrankfort, Ind.. and Mr. Ora E.Hurst, of Millersburg, were receivedby the many friends hera. Those mostintimately associated with Mr. Hursthad no idea that such an event wasin store for the future. Mr. Hurst isabout twenty-eight years old and perhaps the most prominent young business man m MilIerBburg, secretary andgeneral manager of the Hurst HomeInsurance Co-, which position he hasheld since last March when he succeded his uncle, Mr. F. h Hurst.Mr. Hurst was one of the early students of the Millersburg TrainingSchool, which afterward became the MM. I , a graduate of Kentucky University and prominent in newspapercircles, a writer and an able attorney,having practiced his profession forthree years at Owensboro, before coming to Millersburg. He has workedupon the staff of several newspapers,among which was the Lexington Herald, and was later located in Jackson.He met his bride. Miss Letton. somefew years ago while doing newspaperwork at Falmouth, she then residingin that city with her parents, Mr. andMrs. Bryce Letton, who have sincedied. MisB Letton is an accomplishedyoung lady and her early life wasspent in Paris. Since the death ot herparents she has resided with her sisterat Frankfort. Ind. Mr. and Mrs.Hurst will be at home to their friendsin a few days.The cadets of M. M. I. are rehearsing their patriotic plav, "The Dawnof Lbierty," which will be given atM. M. J. drill hall Saturday evening,February 22. It is one of the bestpieces ever put onJby Mrs. C. M. Best,and appropriate lor the occasion. Itwill be followed by a reception.Those attending the play and receptionare asked to dress in colonial.costumes.The grocery stock of Mr.L . T. Vi5mont which was forcedinto involuntarybankruptcy some ten days ago wassold at public sale Friday morning andwas bid in by Mr. M. P. Collier furMr. W. M Vimont, brother of Mr. L.T. Vimont for 555. The slock andfixtures invoiced at SI, 321.The Glee Club of Transylvania University, gave a concert Monday evenine at the opera house under the auspices of the Ladies Aid Society of theChristian church. A large audiencewas in attendance.' Mr. Thomas McClintock purchased anumber of mules in Bath countyThursday and Fiiday. Mr. Bert McClintock purchased a number of mulesin Mason countv on the same date.Mrs. Alice Dailey, aged about fortyfive, died at her home near Hooktown,Friday night of tuberculosis Interment Sunday afternoon at the Millersbuig cemtery.The Mission Study Class of thePresbyterian church realized a neatsum out of the sale of edibles Saturday. The money will go to the Foreign Mission work.Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Mason entertained Saturday evening with an elaborate six o'clock dinner for Mr. andMrs. Claude Berry, whc were marriedWednesday.Miss Sadie Clark, who is teaching atEscondida. was at home Friday andSaturday accompanied by Miss Elizabeth Liter.-Mr. G. S. Allen visited in Georgetown last week.Mr. W. S. Judy, of Lexington, wasin town Saturday.Mr. A. T. Moffett received threecars of stock hogs from Wayne countyMonday.Mr.U .S . G. Pepper returned Sunday after a week's business trip inOklahoma.The annual Senior and Junior recep(ion of the M. P. C. will be held Friday evening.Miss Hazel Kerr, who is teaching atPleasant Valley, was at home, fromFriday to Monday.Dr. B. M. Sthive. of Paris and Rev.A. S. Venable, of "Millersburg, exchanged pulpits Sunday.Please bar in mind that we are selling on a thirty day svsteui.JUDY & SON.Miss Lena Cooper, of Paris, arrivedThursday as theguest of her cousin,Mrs. Minnie C. Hurst and family.Miss Vee Patterson returned Saturday after a few days' visit to her sisterj Mrs. Harlan Parrish, at Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. T. D. Judy returnedThursday after a ten days visit to herdaughter, Mrs. K. R .Vaught at Parker, Ind.Many of our people have taken advantage of the recent cold weatherand have filled their ice houses withfairly good ice.Mr. C. D. Tackett has accepted themanagement of the business of theSinger Sewing Machine Co., for Masoncountv and entered on his duties at thuMaysville office Tuesday.Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Kerr returnedSaturday ater a few days' visit to hermother, Mrs. Martha Baldwin, stMaysville. accompanied by theirdaughter, Miss Jesse Kerr.Whirled to Death On Belt.James Casey, 41, a farmer livingnear Shelbyville. met a tragic deathSaturday. In addition to his farmingoperations Mr. Casey conducted a combination and saw mill. This i mill waslocated on his) farm. Assisted by ayoung son he began to grind some cornand while so encaged he attempted toslip a belt. In doing this his clothingwas caught by the belt and he waswhirled to the top of the building, hishead striking a roof rafter with terrific force. Before the revolutioncould be completed the lad managedto stop the engine, but it was too lateto save his father, who had been killedinstantly, a part of his skul! beingbrushed in.My BusinessIs that of a real estate broker andauctioneer and sell property in Fayetteand adjoining counties. If you haveno favorite. I would he glad to consultwith you either for the sale or purchase ot proneiiy.' C. K. 'OLDHAM.108 West Short street,Lexington, Ky.i I?eIm2We opened this week our doors with a sale unequaled in Mercantile historyShoes and Rubbers to be turned into cash at once. The oniBdest winter on record,Lfoe almost entire lack of snow, left us overstocked with winter shoes and Rubbers. WE MUST HAVIU CASH. We must clear our shelves of all remaining wintergoods to make room for our spring orders.We have given you great values before, but we tell you now that this sale willeclipse anything ever before attempted. Absolutely new goods, dependable footwear at prices positively less than the makers' cost.Clean Sweep Sale of Winter Footwear.$2.98Ladies' Tan and Black 1 6-Button Boots, all thisseason's latest styles, $4 values,Sale PriceLadies' Tan and Black Button Shoe and Bootsall $2.50 grades, D"1 A OSale Price I wOLadies' High-Grade Shoes, all latest styles in Suedes,Velvet, Tan, Gun Metal, $3 and k CJ$3.50 grades. Sale Price MiHr)Ladies' $2.00 Shoes, Button and Lace, in GunMetal and Patent,Sale PriceMisses' $2 Gun Metal Shoes,Sale Price$1.49$1.49Misses' and Children's School Shoes, made in GunMetal and Patent, High and Medium Tops,$1 .50 grade, -Sale Price OInfants' Soft Soles, mostly lace, 25c&rade. Sale Price10cmen's Goodyear Welt Shoes, all latest styles inButton and Blucher, in Gun Metal, Tan and Patent,Values $3 and $3.50, tSale Price 9mi l5 rMen's $2.50 Shoes in Gun Metal 49 HT fiAand Vici Kid. Sale Price 91a OwMen's $2 and $2.50 Shoes, "1 Jk ASale Price 9 I t57150 pairs Men's $4.00 Walk-Over Shoes, mostlyPatent Leather, CEt1Sale Price : 9mmm99Men's 3-Buckle all Rubber Arc- fl4 dtics, $3 grade. Sale Price 9 I VVBoys' School Shoes, $1.50 grade, CfcCSale Price 57 5 5Lad's Storm Rubbers, 60c value, 4Sale Price QMisses Kubbers, 5uc value,Sale Price29c&.Men's $4 Rubber Boots, Now $2.98DAN COHENBlue Grass Clubs Have Hard. Road.Many Blue Grass- League club arestruggling to get malters into shapebefore the beginning of the seasonand in many instances the outlook isextremely gloomy. The Paris teamwill start the season beyond a doubt,provided however there will be sufficient suooort accorded bv the ians totide the affairs over until the season isfairly launched, then, it is calculated,there will be Dlenty of money to sustain the club.While there is a disposition amongsome of the clubs to drop out, thereare always a few fans in each towngrabbing at the remaining straw see alittle ray of hope for a team. Kicnmond is one of the towns that is wellin the rnt, but it.is practically decidedmere win De a learn, xne ians nem averv enthusiastic meetine and thennp.ctfnn wna thnrnucrhlv discussed, theresult of which was that an effortvermin lip. mnrip. to retain their Club.Contracts have been mailed to all thereserved players.Ihere is a probability that the uruhans will be comnelled to see anotherparentape, for the report comes fromML Nrerlini? tlmf. the Tans there are"dead sore" on the game because theirteam made such a noor showinc lastyear and the fans were compelled todig deep in their "jeans ta supply adeficit in the tieasury, caused by thefailure of ihe club to draw on theroad. The patronage at home wasgood and the Mt. Sterling fans, liketrue sports, accorded a good support.TheFrankfort clJb is about theon!yone among the sextet that is sayingnothing and sawing wood, making veryrapid strides toward the forming of agood team, while Lexington finds iteasy to get ready from the fact thatthere is sufficient wherewith to startthe ball rolline.ReDorts from the Rivermen are tothe effect that Masvilie will be therewhen the bcil taps and alreadv haveselected their chief in the nerson of"Peggy" Moore, who managed theIronton team of the Ohio State Leaguelast year. The fans are hopeful thenew manager will carry the covetedrags to the river town this fall.The endeavor to put two more clubsin the league with the addition ofteams in Covington and Newport whichwould make an eight club bague, isinteresting local fans." A number ofinfluential men in Covington have undertaken the task, and will make avisit to President Herrmann, of theCincinnati club, before taking a hastyventure.Refused to Release Smith andDeaton.At Winchester yesterday Judge J.M. Benton overruled a motion lor awrit of habeas corpus offered by attorneys for wGovan Smith ana H. b Deaton, two of the fifteen Breathitt countvmsn indicted for conspiracy to kill EdCallahan former sheriff and notedfeud leader of Breathitt countv.Both Smith and Deaton were admittedto bail at the trial, but were later remanded to jail by Judge Benton inorder, as he said, that the investigations of perjury might be made without hindrance.Farmers Institute Will BeginTomorrow.The annual Farmers', Institute willopen in this oitytomorrow for a twodays session, continuing throughThursday. The sessions of the institute will be held in the court houseand some of the most prominent lecturers in the, State will be present.Every phase of agriculture and pointof vital interest to trie farmers will bediscussed by the most learned agriculturists. Those al the head of the institutewill have the cooperation of a numberof our most prominent.iarmers and itis expectec a record breaking crowdwill attend the sessions of the institute. Following -is the program:W. H. CLAYTON.The Peach Tree: Its Propagationand Cultivation; its insect enmies andfungus .diseases and how to combatthem.The Apple Orchard.The Spray Pump on the FarmCorn Growing: Seed Selection andtesting.Our Legumes.STANLEY F. MORSE.Renewing and Maintaining Soil Fertility. Fertilizers: Methods of Applicationand Economical Use.How to Make the Farm Pay.Simple Farm Business Methods.Green Manure and Clover CroD.Special Treatment of Different Silos.Home Grown Dairy Rations.Crop Rotation, Alfalfa.MRS. HELEN B. WOLCOTT.Paving the Way for Domestic Science. Mak'ng Farm Homes Attractive to the Young. Balanced Rationsin Home Cooking. Utilizing the Article ac Hand in Cooking.JAMES McKEE.Live Stcck Feeding. Uses of thePared Pott, x armers' Unions.FRANK GRIMES.Good Roads : How to Construct andMaintain.Explorers Perish fn BlindingBlizzard.A dispatch from Onaru, IS.ew Zealand, yesterday, said: "Captain Robert F. Scott and his paity were overwhelmed by a blizzard on their returnjourney from the South i'ole. Theentire party perished."They reached the South Pole onfanuary 18, 1912."The news of the appalling disasterwhich befell Cant. Scott and his companions was brought to this oort by asignaled messace from the TerraNova, the vessel which had carried theexDlorer ..and his exnedition to theAntartic, and which late last yearwent once again to the south, tobring him and his companions back."The total number of deaths involved in the calamity is not exactlyknown but it is believed that sixty-sixscientists and sailors lost",their lives.,c Captain Scott's party reached theexact point where Roaid Amundsenplanted the Norwegian flag at theSouth Pole."They found there the hut constructed and left behind by Amundsen'sparty."These facts were recorded in thedocuments found on ihe bodies of thedead exalorers, when they were recovere iGENERAL NEWS.Litigation over, the $2,000,000 bequest made by Mrs. Mary Baker G.Eddy t the First Church of Christ,Scenti,st of Boston, Friday, wasjendedwhen the heirs and trustees of thechurch entered an agreement in thecourts of Massachusetts and NewHampshire. At the seme time theMassachusetts Legislature passed anact enabling the church to accept thebequest.Twenty persons were drowned,among them some of the most prominent in Nicaragua, when the auxiliaryschooner Granada capsized at themouth of the Colorado River in Nicaragua Thursday.Best Made.The celebrated Marion Kitchen Cabinet S27.50, most complete cabinetmade.tf A. F. WHEELER & CO.Talbott Elected Vice Chairman.The Racing Commission, withMessrs. Grainger. Young and Talbottpresentmet in Lexington Thursdayand passed consideration of spring racing dates until March 10.A petition requesting an increase ofpurses and stakes was presented byFred Forsythe, of Mercer county, anda number of increases were ordered.T. Hart Talbott, the new member ofthe commission, was sworn in andelected vice chairman.Hops Laudeman, of Lexington, wasre-elected supervisor of the pari-mu-tuulslor tnis vear.The Best Asset for Any RetailBusiness."To keep my customers believing inme and my methods, is a prime assetin mv success," said a local merchanta few days ago. He was referringto the eltect "of his Studebaker "20delivery car upon his trade, and he wastight. The handsome appearance andquick suvice of this car has markedhim as a merchant strictly up to date.It has increased his business and incidentally lowered his delivery costs.The Studebaker "20" is a twentiethcentury productfor the twentieth century business.Consider: Ought you not to go intothe matter. Phone and let us go intothe matter. 'BOURBON GARAGE.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESCaywood & McClintock boughtFridav frcm H. H. Lowry one mulefor 175, and also purchased from Ossian Edwards one mule vat 162.50.Caywood & McClintock, of Paris,sold Friday to G. W. Jordan, ofHawkinsville. Ga., 11 head of horsesat an average of .$200 per head, andfour mules ranging in price from $150to 225 per head.The shipment of mules from Garrard county continues heavy, severalGeorgia buyers having made purchasesthe last week. Shelby Jett. a Madison county farmer, received 550 for apair of six vear old mules. W. B.Burton, of Lancaster, has bought 38head of hybrids at an average price ofS215 a head, and six head of horsesfrom Shelbyville dealers at from 175to 200.Sky Limit Reached.Housewives of Washington City.j were much damaged Saturday whenthey discoverea that spring lamb otthe crop of 1913 was retailing at 1 apound. This would make a leg oflamb cost from 6 to S8 and the priceI is said to be the highest evpr recordedj at this time of the year The "trimming " that generally accompany thesucculent spring lamb, mint and greenj peas, retailed at 10 cents a bunch and. 15 cents a quart respectively.I Prices of nearly all commodities areadvancing and dealers regard the outlook for any decrease in the immediateI future as not encouraging.Mercer Official IndictedThe grand jury at Harrodsburg adjourned Saturday after returning alarge number of indictments, the mostimportant ot which were against twocounty officials, Jailer JBoard andPoorhouse Keeper Kirkland. Thesetwo officials were charged in the indictment with drunkenness and neglectofduty, and their removal was recornmended.Luke McLuke SaysIt doesn't matter how ornery awoman may be a man always hates tohear her swear.The man who won't drink water atnight is sure to holler for it in themorning.Lots of men who can't repeat ihe tencommandments can remember thunames of ten different brands of boozejAn uglylwoman is the ugliest thingin the world.What has become of the old fashioned girl whojwas a member of the Floradora sextet?Some folks are so hospitable thatthey get sore if you don't Help yourselfto the family toothbrush in -the bathroom. Clothes may not make the man butpads often makes the woman.After a girl has been married fiveweeks she suddenly realizes that thereare actually more tnan two people inthe world, and the honeymoon is ended.Even a woman with a shape like astreet sprinkler knows that aU theotherjmen in town envy her husband.Thp lily toils not, neither does itspin, but it hasn't anything on themodern Princess in the average home.Some of the women are complainingthat the cuts in the white goods advetisements are too realistic. Realistic?Why, who ever saw a drawing room inreal life that was filled with girlsgarbed in whatchacallems nosingaround in "Oh You Kid" attitud'es.The only "realistic" cuts used inunderwear ads are those depicting thebeauty of men's union suits. Us menhave the kick coming,f Women like to organize Shakespeare4Clubs because it gives them an opnortunity to get together and talk scandalLove is blind when a button is miasinglfrom Hubby's clothes. But it fcaafine sight when he comes home with astreak of rice powder on the lapel ofhfs coat. Cincinnati Enquirer. 'tc