'v-3S-v-&BOURBON-iy-HPUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN" THE YEARJVOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, SEPT. 12, 1913.QNEDEAD;ANOTHERDYING f!V.3k.X,-rTHENEWSiAlvin Silver Plate' Is Made in But OneQualityTHE VERY BESTSee the George WashingtonPattern in Our Window1 1 9 Pounds the Best iGASOLINE SPREAD UPON FLOORWHEN IGNITED BURNS BABYTO ACRISP AND SERIOUSLY INJURES MOTHEREFFORTS TO SAVE CHILDMAY CAUSE HER DEATHNEGRO MADE HEROIC EFFORTTO SAVE LIVES OF THOSEIN BURNING HOUSE.Easterni I With a$1.00S3iKjar00 Purchase.Old Reliable Coffee, Per Pound -...30c.Qiluni. Son r.nffpp Pp.v Pound 30cI Mayflower Coffee, Per Pound.... .-.- 30cBulk Coffees, Per Pound, 20c, 25c --.-and 30cTry this 20c Coffee it is the same as youhave been-paying zbc tor.Pink Salmon, Per Can -10cRed Salmon, two Cans - 25cThe Best Red Salmon, Per Can 20cPure Cider Vinegar, Per Gallon 30cThese are just a few of-the many things thatwe can save you money on" Call and let usfigure with you for your winter supply ofGROCERS ESbefore they advance. CASH always getsthe best for the least money.Stone's Wrapped Cakesreceived fresh every day.T. C. LENIHAN,m asn grocery.Willie Dell Veach, aged aboutnineteen months is dead and his mother, Cynthia Veach, aged 19 years, isin a serious condition, with no possible chance of recovery, as a resultof the ignition of gasoline, which hadbeen spread upon the floor to destroyinsects.The accident occurred on the farmof Mr . William Woodford , on theWinchester pike, about three milesfrom this city, Wednesday nightabout eight o'clock. The little victim of the flames survived but a fewhours while the mother lies in a critical condition and her death is momentarly expected.The woman and her child occupied the cabin on the farm of Mr.Woodford, who 'employed her as acook. She had frequently been heardto complain that flees infected thesecond story of the cabin, and Wed-nesady night she went to the homeof Mr. Woodford where she secureda can of gasoline, stating her purpose.Returning to the cabin-she appliedthe fluid, sprinkling a large quantityover the floor and was about to descend to the floor below. Her clothing had become thoroughly saturated with gasoline and when she attemped to light a piece of paperfrom the lantern which she carried,the blaze communicated to her dress,and instantly the entire room was amass of flames.The woman made a frantic effortto reach the boy who was on theopposite side of the room, and at thesame time tore the flaming garments,from her body, but each time shewas driven back by the flames andsmoke Her cries of distress attracted John Brookins, colored, who wasattending to the chickens in the yardof the Woodford home and noticingthe flames in the uper story of thebuilding and smoke issuing from thewindows he hurriedly went to her assistance. Brookins made several attempts toenter the building but was drivenback by the smoke. Finally he succeeded in reaching the, upper floor andcatching the woman who was scream-.ing in agony. He made his way tothe yard and returned for the boy.Reaching the bed in which he waslying, he smothered the flames thatenveloped the little body and hurridly removed it to the yards andwith the assistance of another manon the place, extinguished the flames.Brookins was slightly burned aboutthe hands in his efforts to get thewoman and childfrom the building.Physicians were summoned fromthis city, Drs. Daugherty and Fith-1lan responding to the call, and rendered all the assistance possible to the injured parties. The boy died about1:30 o'clock yesterday morning without gaining consciuosness. His bodywas burned almost to a crisp and inmany places the flesh fell from thebones. -""The woman, who, it is said, cannotsurvive, was burned from head to footand more than two-thirds of the fleshupon the body seared or blistered bythe flames.J"WE KNOW HOW"There is No MysteryIn This Fact"THAT Season after SeasonYear after Year our Customers Return to usfor their Oothes. Itsimply goes to prove first thatour customers arediscriminatewwing judges of value and securedthat the clothes we sell in everyway meet the standard thatour customers set.Fall HatsNow On DisplayWe are shoning all the newshapes, shades and kinds.5i I H 1A3 1 mrtpi lf JpAffAf A ilr A'1 f 1 ' IHCoovnht. 1911 -m iiJfcrfjarifl. &trrn & CatIMitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to MenEC9smBMnninmitirfixniiFuixiiHiiiiumiimmmmuui!ziiiiiiinHnsiuusmiHiiiuMiiimimiimiiiimiiiiui)FRANK&COThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.IJ, ,FOR SALE.New line of comforts, blankets,coun,terpanes. Save you money.(It) J. T. HINTON.ELECTION OF BURLEY OFFICERSMAY BE POSTPONED.Last Call!Men's Summer Shirts- Sold For $1.0075cThese Shirts have separate soft collar tomatch and collars attached, all sizes, 14 to16 1-2. See show window display.This sale is for to-day and Saturday.ss3?MPEXTRA SPECIALThe election of officers for the Burley Tobacco Society, which had beenset for October 7, probably will bepostponed, and the election held notearlier than November 1, as WalterT. Loomis, of Independence, who, withJ. M. Rankin, secretary of the BurleySociety and company, were appoint-!ed by the Kenton Circuit Court asthe commissioners to hold the electionon October 7. have refused to ioin 5S3j in issuing a call to the stockholders ;tor- tne election until the Court of JAppeals, which will convene on Mon-1day, has taken action in matters in-! volved in the suit of E. D. Stans-ifer against the directors of the Burley Tobacco Company. Mr. Loomiswas the commissioner appointed bythe court to represent Stansifer,wnue commissioner nankin represented the Burley Company.REDUCTION ALLvGnoice.mmiHiHimURjEprice, & 60. Giotmersand FurnishersSS5SECOND MAGAZINE SECTIONTO NEWS APPEARS TUESDAY.The second number of the magazine section of the News ..will appear with the issue of this publication next Tuesday. The second issueis far superior to the first in manyrespects. The cover page is a reproduction in colors of Henry Stull'spainting of Mr. Johnson M. Camden'shorse, Helios. As you know, Mr.Stull was the great American horsepainter, and this painting of Helioswas his last work before he died.This number contains an article onlCincinnati, by W. C. Culkins, Superintendent of the Chamber of Commerce of Cincinnati; "A Barbecueand an Awakening," which is an article on Mr. Camden's barbecue atVersailles; Spring Hill, The HomeBeautiful, which is a three page article 'beautifully ilustrated, on MrjCamden's home at Versailles ; and tthe continuation of Mr. Bryant's ar-1tide on the' Kentucky State Experistory ,'-"A Son of TJixie.": mREADYTOWEARGARMENTSFor Summer Wearitfc" -"". T"OV iL- .-521 1 FRANK oc CO., 1 1aiAWlHlMiWIWMIJfKWiimmi!inuiwMiiimuminMiLW!tur9aris9 KentuckyiM$$$00-JyTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY SEPTEMBER 12, 1913"lam an old man ami viamrcfrriy irouolesnever IiapvG7ietf.'IJjuJ!;WC HUBBARDand woniCD tell. Yorrv rslavasystem so Cuat ctcfcstien is mined 3r oorWhat oil is to the friction ei tno uoiioateparcs cf an engineT32iSS3E,SLolden If eJ.esITTTa .-ritI -yiCWaMHRm'jri, " 'rr&-P2S9lHIIH!l ' vV V -. PM IsliliMIi H 11111111111$ 1 rnHE white hair and wrinkled faces ef cur busy men, SBSTvU SOrafSSH I vy1xvr I of doubt, fear and anxiety-mere man Jia?aso i. tu7sb SJSiWilical &M W II l-H .4k'M48&m m -- havoc with the nervous sKtiAAfl&sy&tT? ,i-pwiiiFw?TB ' "'- ' - -Ymrmmmmsmrmm5i &fy ptHiJRv hfin "-IKfeiU r?.MMtfrCCCtMMtMWmaM ., MttflHRBHi Jrf r.? fr&iimimmmmmmmmmzp', v.",mi wwmwjmmwm Kd &t&aiJEac&t Rnt irhon Laosidrv i - l?".J DWIS & FUNK, Props. rV; . , -WgmmM tm Tln1inn No. 4. West 5 Street , -IWlPHffiK M II Mil i gjftftBMBM IBourbonParis ECenfucky,:S!lrIsEasy to Have, NaturalColored and BeautifulSo many women have grey or fadedhair; neglect it until it becomes thin,dry and lifeless, begins to fall out and-lakss them appear much older thanthey really are. If your hair is inthis condition net a bottle of Hay'sImir Health loduy. Don't v. alt untileo:oe one cays how much older youlook. Yr-j'H be 3 plighted vt therfrt fptizn f"-x o'ip o " o "plicalv n Twe '.. 555-H,"1H- disv s rvf v- ;t!r "1 hs full' tif H ;' . Tv ' 'l C2R tellt t.u m.j f re uiug it. It's not a dyeJ ' : ' t "rl -ia . .1 thatjrtiirH'T pxsl nivt-v',v i-dq vour grey(4r -,-it or-,.- j -i tdI coloredafiiiJJ -it ail drxisfria's guarantee sat-i-a":rrur r'yp-i yn-r monev. Alythy r- f..r 'Hay's Hair Health. It"' -r s " :t- ?dv. ptuI fake it to thesfpllo riot: u-j"riB,s ;tDd et a 50c. hot'le af Havv Krir Health and a 25c.me pi Karfina Sr; ro'- SOr.; or $1.00 'bottle of Hay's llaii -ffali and tvo1c cakes of UarPiin " -p Frep, for 31,L. OBERDORFER, Druggist,Paris, Ky.M. A. CAHAL.Barber Shop.-first-Class Workmen.Polite and Prompt Attentionto AH.Hot and Cold BathsWe Thank You forShare o4Your Patronage.BAY'S HAIR HEALTHTHE FRefined Women Give Thisthe PreferenceThe easiest way to keep your nairloathful-looking, to prevent It from-taming grey, is to use Hay s HairHealth. If gives absolute satisfactiona&d & few applications will restore natural color, give vitality -to grey andfaded hair and remove all traces ofBandruff. Beautiful natural colored,2Pthful-looking hair, more than anything else, contributes to a woman's-good looks.Hay's Hair Health is keeping thousands of women's hair glossy, naturalooiorfed and heautifuL You'll neverregretbuymg it when you see the difference it .makes in your appearance.Free: Sign this adv. and take it to thefallowing druggists and get a 50c. bottte of Hay" Hair Health and a 25c.take of Harfina Soap, for 50c; or $1.00VttUe of Hay's Hair Health and twoa cakee of Hrfina.Soap Free, for $1,3uc Qherdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky...faciei bill il e 11(11i MAiEiiiMiiivh rinuuiiviiiiiu i. FOR WAV0R1TELaundry,litfeVVii!'a1the Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important "in thehome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by getting the oil that burnsclear and clean without a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Costs no more than the inferiortankwagon oils saves MONEY savesWORK saveB eyes.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Ciias. C. Stoll Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "No Carb"Auto Oil.IKentucky Fair Dates.The following are the dates fixedfor holding the Kentucky fairs in 1913as far as reported:"Rwing7 Aug. 21 3 days.Eminence, AUS- 21 3 days.Eiizabethtown, Aug. 26 3 days.Shelbyville, Aug. 26 4 days.Hondon, Aug. 26 i days.Nicholasville, Aug. 26 3 days.Florence, Aug. 27 1 days.Germantown, Aug. 27 1 days.Alexandria, Sept. 2 5 days.Fulton, Sept. 2 5 days.Frankfort, Sept. 2 i days.Somerset, Septf 2 i days.Bardstown, Sept. 3 4 days.Barboursville, Sept. 3 3 days.Tompkinsvlhe. Sept. 3 i days.Franklin. Sn i 3 days.HodgenviiU. -tD.. 93 days.Montifcello, Sv'. 9 i days.Morgantown, Sept. 11 3 days.! A serpent collector for the NewJ York Zoo had an interesting experience recently in South America. Areport reached Port-au-Spain that aboa constrictor twenty-three feet longhad been seen near the town and heand a friend, with natives, went out tosearch for it. They came across ahollow log, and into its trunk theythrust a long bamboo stick. Whenthey withdrew the stick three boaconstrictors were found on it. Onemale measured eight feet, anotherseven and a female seven, feet, whichmade twenty-two feet of snake.SaHors' Ability to Sleep.manors ana aociors are, pernaps,"" "" iwv w.uwua.at will. The sailor, as he will tellyou, can "sleep as well on a clothesline as on a feather bed." He simplythrows himself down, closes his eyes,and is asleep before you .can say"Jack Robinson."No Matter Who.A party of women were being escorted through the statehouse by abowing and scraping guide. The women were of the enthusiastic type andraved over this and that and said,"Oh, simply too gorgeous." Finallythey were shown the portrait of aformer governor. "Oh! superb, isn'tit?" said one of them, and "an excellent likeness, too. A portrait ofwhom did you say ib was?"3fl B' -J.Ii'riU.'X rtV . lJLfc J3kll?jeJrlitiBTV?'MWrjMH uJ. A. Coburn's IVIinstreEs at Paris Grand,Monday, September 1 5Dandy Darkey Dancers.The comedy element this seasonwith Coburn's Greater Minstrels, allnew company, is headed by GovernorBowen, for the past several seasonsone of the feature comedians with theAl G. Field Greater Minstrels. Mr.Bowen is acknowledged one of thebest eccentric dancers in America, isa native Kentuckian, and possessesthe inimitable ability for black facecomedy, carriqature and reproductiononly possible to Southern-born performers, and those intimately acquainted with the darkey and hismannerisms. As an end man, dancer,monologist, and as "Sergt. Standemoff" in the laughable semi-militaryfarce comedy number which closesthe big show this season "Gov" is given an opportunity to bring out histalents and ability to the utmost, andis pronounced one of the strongestblack face performer (formerly withtoday. Tom Post ("P'om Vaginny,i sah) is also one of the capable funnyi men and comedians, and has beeni with this company in former seasons,' excelling as a coon shouter and singer. Harry L. Ford, another cleverblack face performer (fomerly withFields), is one of the neatest softshoe dancers in minstrelsy, and isseen in the first part and the bigdancing act in the olio "Underneaththe Tennessee Moon," in his- solodancing. Charles Vermont, EdFisher, Carl Helman, Jas. Wilson, allnew faces and all capable performersand dancers, form the balance of thisseason's fun folks. Everything newthis season. Don't forget the date,Monday, Sept. 15, at the Paris Grand.Seats on sale at Mitchell & Blakemore's. jiHis Inference.Robert had been dutifully listeningto the conversation of his parents.They were discussing a, certain Mrs.Smith who was tagged in their talkas a grass widow. "I say, pa," saidRobert after some reflection, "is agrass widow a woman whose husbanddiedqf hay fever?"WORN-OUT, NERVOUS,TIRED AND DEPRESSEDTona Vita Builds Up Mind andIn a Few WeeksBodyAre you tired all the time? Areyou weak, nervous and depressed. Isyour ambition gone and your minddull?Do you know what to do? Go atonce to your druggist and get a bottleof Tona Vita, the National Tonic.Physicians are recommending it everywhere. It is building up run-downpeople by the thousands in all partsof the country.After you have taken Tona Vita 1one weekweigh yourself, then you will Iknow why it is recognized as the best 1tonic and flesh builder ever sold tothe public.You can get Tona Vita at Chas. EButler & Co.'s drug store."Pleased to Meet You."The Americans have a polite habiton being presented to a new acquaintance of uttering the words, "Pleasedto meet you," although upon what thepleasure can rest, or how they knowthat it is a pleasure, or why an ordinary incident which is not the fulfillment of any anticipation and whichmay turn out to be very disagreeable,should be pronounced at sight to bepleasant, I have never been able tounderstand. London Saturday Review. The Minister of Public Works ofthe Argentine Province of BuenosAyres has received an applicationfrom an establishment in Pergamino,which freezes hares for export , forassistance with respect to obtainingmore supplies for its factories. Theconcern states that the principal difficulty is the lack of trappers. Pranceis a ready market, having taken 360,000 frozen hares this season. -559SHE IS THEWHOLEOFFICIALFAMILY,By the adoption of an amendmentto the city charter in a recent election Mrs. May Ammerman was elected Police Magistrate, City Clerk,City Auditor and City Treasurer ofColorado City, Colorado. Mrs. Ammerman originally was a candidatefor the office of City Clerk, but theamendment gives her the rest."I don't like these jobs they aregiving me, and I'll bet some of therest of them won't like them, either," said Mrs. Ammerman when informed of her election."Moral and social conditions will beimproved in Colorado City if I cando it through the office of Police Magistrate. Excuses without foundationare given by 'joy riders ,' drinkers,and men derelict in their'" morals.These absurd excuses will not be regarded in my courtroom, and the menwill have to offer something substantial in the way of vindication beforeI dismiss them."A successful wage movement of theSt. Petersburg gold and jewelry workers has caused the masters to combine in a "protective union, which hasjust proclaimed a lockout. The masters, however, are not united, andthe warkers are achieving furthersuccesses."Getaway" in Gotham.A New York newspaper has received a number of letters on the bestmethod of accomplishing a graceful"getaway" when making a call. Onecorrespondent says he manages it byexclaiming suddenly: "Oh, can the piffle; I guess I gotta be goin'."An exposition of International Hygenie will be held in Lima, Peru,from November 2 to December 31,1913, in connection with the FifthLatin-American Medical Congress.The exposition will consist of two independent sections an. industrial,which is to be universal, and a scientific, which is to be exclusively American; Surprising Economy. -Thetreasurer of the v Newburyportwater works sent out his annual billsone year by mail. In the corner ofthe envelope was the customary request: "After five days return toNewburyport water works, Newburyport, Mass." What was his surpriseto have a woman come into his officefive days afterward and pass him anempty envelope with the remark:"Here is your envelope, but what youwant of it is more than I can see."Lippincott's Magazine.DON'T BE' MISLED.Paris Citizens Should Read and Heed- This AdviceKidney trouble is dangerous andoften fatal.Don't experiment with somethingnew andvuntried.Use a tested kidney remedy.Begin with Doan's Kidney Pills.Used in kidney troubles 50 years.Recommended here and everyconvincirig proof,where.The following statement formsMrs. R. F. Flynn, 224 Cox street,Lexington, Ky., says: "My back wasso sore and lame that I couldn't restwell. -I couldn't lie on my back a bitfor six months. When I tried tostoop or get up after sitting, sharppains seized me in the sides. Thekidney secretions bothered me too,and I was in a bad shape. When Iwas told to try Doan's Kidney PillsI did. so. They removed the trouble."For sale hy all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo,New York, sole agents for the United 1States.Remember the name- Doan's andtake no other.is to the delicate organs of the body. It's a. toai.: r.d boily buisderbecaugc itstimulates the liver to vigorous action, assist? tlie atotnach 1 aiinilate food thusenriching the blood, and the iierve3 and l'ca: t in turn are tx on pure rich blood.Neuralgia "is the cry of starved nerves f rr food." For lorty years CoIt2enEfledlcal Discovery" in liquid fonn has given gret satibxlictfon as a tonic andblood maker.Now it can be obtained in icbCei form from dealers in medicineorsendoO one-cent sizmps far trial box. Vriis R. V.Pierce,BufTalo.JLi'Jli.. ." i.Z.XtEfiEeiAer'3 ecuJri'.-I ?"'" jHot Facts About Fuel !If you have been'a housekeeper any lengthof timeyouhave probably tried different kindsof COAL And after all kindsof experiences and complaints you know there is justone kind of FUEL that gives absolute satisfaction always, that is Fox RidgeCoal. Remember you cannot order t tooearly to avoid the high priees.Dodson c DentonThe Home ofGood CoalYards, South Main St.ssSQc:Wrtas3aixi. y&yyi1. Sells My Products 4. ' Protects the Home2. Gets Best Prices 5. Helps the Housewife3. j Brings Supplies 6. Increases Profitspgj g fc&k, 7. Pays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet.For information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated.,U TORNADO iTO -. 'ITwin Bros. Depeilo)Corner Seventh and Main Sts.Dry Goods, Ladies' and Misses' Skirts, Waists, Shoes andMillinery, Slightly Soiled, Big Bargains.What could be better for town or country bu3ding3 than a roofingthat won't burn wont leak that is lightning proof lasts as longas the building itself, and never needs repairs ?Cortright Metal Shingles meet every one of these requirements.Beware of imitau'ons None genuine without the words " CortrightReg. U. S. Pat. Off." stamped on each shingle. v.Best & Hawkins,"""i'ASIA'T riirE.STS, 7"c;cr'wie tiie liver,parqeggaBoth Phones140JtpeVSSfc")"!&ASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland Telj,ephone works for him. He will reply:DAYATeni lie(Vtltiersburs, Ky.1f.-"iWl...W)ritiA- r 2;'4..jC--.,1!"'-; -jA.'Sf-'ft'L'-J---,tfriknu."'.a',i il ii i miniTHE BOURBON NEWS, PAWS, K NTUCKY SEPTEMBER 12. 1913.J V " - 1 4I1H(Il51 " " .AiYZ AROUND hm """ jSpHJf ji LYMAN H. HOWE Jpgn ' W&Wi&s ' - raw 1rm 11 11 iw pwpi hi iii yjv - wv kr-j ijNirr-- v 1$scs?a 'L . mi. mmr r - - - m&v.'& i$&mp m . a&Ms.;. ' i"vi -vss. ffWHSssa &-Nature's own castles, battlements,and temples of infinite variety, wondrous in form and of proportionswhich make any structure everconceived by man seem pitifully insignificant will be depicted by LymanH. Howe at the Paris Grand, on Tuesday, Sept. 16, in a reproduction entitled "In and Around the Grand Canyon of Arizona." The panorama portrayed is at once sublime and awe-inspiring.After viewing it from aboveMr. Lyman's reproduction shows aparty on mule-back making the descent to the river's edge via a trailthat seems no more than a merescratch upon the perpendicular wallsand as crooked as though it had been"blazed by a bolt of zig-zag lightning.At times this trail skirts av precipice-where the least misstep would hurlthe travelers to destruction a thousand feet below. Some turns are sosharp that first the head of the muleDally Thought.More helpful than all wisdom is ourdraught of simple human pity, thatwill not forsake us. George Eliot.IT IS TO LAUGH.Even if our favorite Ella WheelerWilcox had not said: "Laugh, and theTvorld laughs with you;" even thenthe writer would have recommendedmerriment instead of tears. Tearsare waste of emotions. Bemoaningne's lot, a trial on Time's patience."Let us be gay while we may,"then;though the motto is as ancient as"The hen that crossed the road."Apropos: The Sig. Sautelle 9 BigShows, which tavors Paris, Monday,Sept 22, has in its curriculum ofsmiles forty clowns. Forty counteni genuine humorists, who themselves have "laughed and grown fat."The leader of this happy band of jesters, mockekrs and wits is a halfbrother of Slivers, himself a cousinof the original Dan Rice, whose pedigree runs back to Gri,maldi.ThPKP fortv mirth artists will surprise, amuse and tickle the audiencevith funniest sketches anent the foiahloK nnd fnllies of the day. Generaland local features will be the inspiration of this merry band of Momusmummers. Trite incidents in politicswill be burlesqued, a la Webber &Field. The wits will extiel in laughable skits to set the listeners in aroar.But this will only be the attic saltof the feast of good things presented.Wild and tame animals, expert trainers and performers of every degreeof skill will contribute to the glory ofthis most incomparable show..Don't miss the great parade if you;ralue life's most pleasant features'.J.. vmMm rifff A fAK 0g!l rand then the tail projects over theabyss. There seems to be a rare fascination in thus flirting with , danger.Although life itself is at stake, thereappearsto be. an inherent desire tomatch the excitement the adventureaffords against the probability ofdeath. "When the walls of the canyonare viewed from below, it seems incredible to regain the pinnacles towering above the beholders.In pleasing contrast to the scenicgrandeurs of the Canyon, Mr. Howe'sseries also shows the real Hopi andNavajo Indians in their native hauntsaround the Canyon. These are notthe type of Indians or near-Indiansthat are usually exploited by showmen, but the real type unmarredand unsullied by any influences butthose of their native haunts and environment. They are truly representative of the strangest tribes of our felPutting It In Another Way.Macaulay said: "You must dig deepif you would build high." He mighthave added: "You must live in littleness if you would rise to greatness."WAR HORSES IN GERMANY.Our cavalry officers, who frequentlycomplain of the shortage of Worses inour service, certainly must astonishA-k.Tvirt o-rvitr TYinn lino -vr rho Tnrvjtgi iiia.ii cii in j iiicu. uuc ui niu i.isuitsuifc) wiiujii Lilt; rvaiatsi a vjjv eminent.has to face, incident to military expansion, is how to acquire 30,000 additional horses without disturbing domestic industry. Economizing asfar as possible, the German armyat present employs 118,000 horses.Batteries, on a peace footing, aregiven four horses, instead of six.There is a sort of conscription ofhorses in force in the Fatherland, theWar Office having an option on likely animals, but concessions ar e always made to the needs of the farmer, and even in the cavalry the horsesdo not exceed the men.As a mater of fact, Germany is farfrom being rich in horseflesh. According to the latest official returnsthere were only about 4,500,000horses in the whole empire (one toevery sixteen of the population). Inthis country the last census reporteda total of 21,203,000 horses, besides3,438,523 mules, and as "to their usefulness for the military draft serviceour Quartermaster-General will givewiling testimony. This country maynot be the ideal place for the breeding of fancy steeds, such as our cavalry officers would like to bestride,"because it is not profitable. But wehave plenty of horseflesh to mountour fifteen cavalry regiments, and toisjpare. plow-countrymen. That they have remained unchanged in our land of perpeual change is shown by the sceneswhich reveal them engaged in theirnative industries, - such as weavingblankets, basket-making, etc., in thesame patient but primitive methodsthat their progenitors evolved. A Navajo Avar dance is also depicted to theaccompaniment of native "musical"instruments and "close-up" portraitstudies of Navajo children show thefacial characteristics very clearly.Thrilling rescues of survivors froman ocean greyhound during a terriblegale; a conflagration of several thousand barrels of oil; an aeroplane rideover Paris; the wondrous form of marine life; a study in palmistry; yachting scenes off Monte Carlo; and a motor ride through the French Alps aresome of the other big features to bepresented.There are about 300 electric stations in the United States equippedwitli ice-making plants profitably toutilize the surplus power in the summer months.oWhat He Means.When a man says the world won'ttake him at his true value, what hemeans is that the world won't acceptWs own exaggerated opinion of him-'aplfNo Charge for This.Young persons should reflect thateverything which is blind and whichlaughs at locksmiths is not love.Puck.Punished Perjury With Death.The early Romans threw perjurersfrom the Tarpeian rock, a high cliff,falling from which was certain death,and at a latep period any person whoswore falsely was sentenced to havehis tongue cut out, which also wasequivalent to death.CAUGHT A BAD COLD."Last winter my son caught a verybad cold and the way he coughed wassomething dreadful," writes Mrs. Sarah E. Duncan, of Tipton, Iowa. v'Wethought sure hewas going into consumption. We bought just one bottleof Chamberlain's Cough Remedy andthat one bottle stopped his cough and1 cured his cold completely.." For saleby all dealers.(Sept)U. S. HONORS LORD HALDANEEngland's High ChanceUor Has BusyTime To Address Bar Association at Montreal.New York. Viscount Richard Burden Haldane, lord high chancellor ofGreat Britain, had a busy time duringhis five-days' visit to the Americancontinent. An inspection of the Military academy at West Point, banquetsin New York and Montreal, an addressbefore the American Bar associationat Montreal and the acceptance of anhonorary degree from McGill university were some of the events that occupied his time.The prime object of his visit wasto deliver an address before the meeting of the American Bar associationat Montreal. His theme was the"Higher Nationality," a study in lawand ethics. Among his auditors wereformer President William H. Taft and.'"'&V'ry7K '.&&m( -, '-$M ' &'?rViscount Haldane.scores of the most eminent men inthe legal profession in the UnitedStates and Canaaa. Chief JusticeWhite of the United States Supremecourt introduced Viscount Haldane.BIG RANCHES OF ARGENTINAVast Tracts of Land Recovered FromIndians Supporting GreatCattle Herds.Washington. "It is almost impossible to conceive of the enormousgrowth of the stock industry of Argentina in the last quarter of a century,"said Ernest Maffel, a large cattlemanof Buenos Ayres, at the Shoreham. "Ibelieve if the laws of the two countries are favorable Argentina can supply this country with a great quantitvof beef, which would materially assistin reducing the cost of meats to theconsumer."Less than forty years ago the great irich, tracts of grass land in Argentinawere practically unproductive. TheiIndians roamed the plains and general Jsettlement on the land was dangerous and well nigh impossible. TheIndians, however, were subdued in1878, and that date saw the inceptionof the estancias or ranches and thesystematic reclamation of the land topave the way for an industry the magnitude of which today is stupendous."The immensity of the cattle business can be estimated from the official returns recently published, whichshow that last year in the Argentinethere were 30,000,000 cattle, 70,000,000sheep and 7,000,000 horses. The cattleand horses are bred in the warmerparts .of the country to the north,where alfalfa abounds, and the sheepin the districts in the southern provinces. "Some of the large ranches carry asmany as 50,000 head or cattle and provide hunting grounds for many Englishmen. The 'gaucho' is one of themost picturesque as well as useful figures On these ranches and forms thecounterpart of his famous brother thecowboy of North America. Life on aranch Is far from unpleasant, and onsome of the big ranches under Britishcontrol evening dress for dinner is thecustom. The Argentine wool is of highgiade and a large part of it goes tosupply the home markets."DRIVER LIVED IN WILD DAYS"Bob" Thorpe, Dead at San Antonio, JWas Held Up Several Times jby Jesse James.San Antonio, Tex. Robert "Bob"Thorpe, veteran stage coach driver,seventy-eight years old, died here ata local sanitarium. He was knownthroughout the southern part of thecountry from Missouri to Texas. Bornin Missouri, he began stage driving atthe age of fourteen. His was a variedand exciting career. He drove a coachthroughout the Civil war, was held upseveral times by the noted bandit.Jesse James, had many varied expert-ences witn tne "Jaynawkers" of Missouri and during his life was held upand robbed by highwaymen more thana dozen times.He had resided in San Antonio. forthe last 18 years and had driven acoach up to a few years ago, when thismode of travel went out of use. He Issurvived by his widow, a daughter,Mrs. A. Addington, and two grandchildren. Boy Lives After Accident.Brockton, Mass. An ice wagon ranover the body of Henry Dickerman,aged fifteen,- a week ago, crushing hisribs and punching his heart from hisleft over to his right side. The boylives, to the amazement of medicalexperts, and many of them are of thebelief that he may soon regain hisnormal health and live indefinitely.mm':It Always Helpssays Mrs. Sylvania Woods, of Clifton Mills, Ky., inwriting of her experience with Cardui, the woman'stonic. She says further: "Before I began to useCardui, my back and head would hurt so bad, Ithought the pain would kill me. 1 was hardly ableto do any of my housework. After taking three bottlesof Cardui, I began to feel like a new woman. I soongained 35 pounds, and now, I do all my housework,as well as run a big water mill.I wish every suffering woman would giveThe Woman's Tonica trial. I still use Cardui when I feel a little bad,and it always does me good."Headache, backache, side ache, nervousness,tired, worn-out feelings, etc., are sure signs of womanly trouble. Signs that you need Cardui, the woman'stonic. You cannot make a mistake in trying Carduifor your trouble. It has been helping weak, ailingwomen for more than fifty years.Get a Bottle Today!kSLmmmmmmjiLiiLJiLmmisiTw701-703 Main Street, Corner Seventh$12.50, $15.00 and $18.00 Suitsev.-A",-" These Suits are in the latest styles and colors and areexcellent values. Take a look at them. We also have afull line of Shoes, Hats, Caps, Shirts and everything thMen andBoys wear.TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DHPpL. Wollstcin, Propri or.Special Rates &' Excursions.Eucursion to Cincinnati, Ohio,and returnSunday, Sept u.$Y.50 ROUND TRIPThis train leaves Paris at 7:50 a.m., arriving Cincinnati 10:30 a.m., returning- leaves Fourth St.station, Cincinnati, at 7 p. m.Tickets good on specialtrainOnly.fl tty ararKaaawn smstLow round-trip Summer Tourist tickets to all Summer resortsin the North and Northwest onsale May 15 to Sept. 30. Finallimit date 31, 1913, with liberalstop-over privileges.For further information, callon or address. 1CBWSXl ..-W. H. HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, T.!A.PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENT"Will cure Blind, Bleeding: and Itching Piles.It absorbs the tumora, allays itching at once,acts as a poultice, gives instant relief.l"or sale by all druggists, mail 50c and Si. 00.WiLUAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, Ohiol. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky."Roxfc" Davis !Cl)e Insurance JlgtntLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies.Give (Md "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137i fiiuiiMimrMiinDepartmentmFortoCurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,- (Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite Attention "IHot and Cold Baths at AlfHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public" Pat:vronage Solicited.Sew BarbeilhopWindsor Hotel.&Modern Equipment,Polite?Service.29.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDSpecial Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther NoticeratWe payl21-2c for greenbeef hides. Call-Iusup-orbriig it to our place.MAX MUNICK,8th Street, PARI?, KCall Kasb Tenn. Phone 374A,tf"M-V -Lk-V lep'.VTHE B0U1ijMTirThe Bourbon NewsEstablished Feb. 1, 18SLSSWIFT CHAMP, - Editor andPubllsherTHEATRICAL"The Divorce Question.""The Divorce Question." willseen for the first time at thebeParisJCItaitered at the Paris Kentucky Post- Grand tonight. The author, Williamoffice as Mail Matter of the Second j A. McGuire has not minced matters inrs.- Ibis play, nor does he lack detail inFUTURITY CANDIDATE WINS IN3 STRAIGHTS AT MILWAUKEEPine Knot, the three-year-old trotting gelding, the property of Mr.ftkarlton Alexander, of this city, wonhe 5:30 trot at Milwaukee, Tuesday,An hraa etrfliht liPflts. the best timebeing 2:13. Pine Knot is a candidate element is by no means neglected.lor the Kentucky Futurity and theKentucky Stakes, to be decided atHae October meeting of the Kentucky"atorse Breeders' Association. He isthe graphic portrayal of the frightfulconsequences of the divorce evil.Bythis it must not be assumed thatthis play is gruesome, on the contraryit might be properly styled an entertaining, moral lesson with intense situations; climaxes that thrill and arewonderfully impressive.While the pathos is abundant andthe heart interest abounds the comedyThe artists engaged by the National Play Co. to interpret the variouscharacters were engaged with a special fitness for the roles they portray,Treeaxitle. 2:09. out of Lulu 61a- and the costumes and scenery are, 2:20, she by Scarlet Wilkes, i thoroughly in keeping and are whatmignt De expected wiiu mis mugrade attraction.s trainer. Joe Rea, of Lexington,-ikinks he will be a prominent factorin the two classics at the Lexingtonfets.-LEAVES' TO ATTEND THEKNOXVILLE EXPOSITIONHr. R. B. Hutchcraft, of this city,Itft yesterday to attend the NationalConservation Exposition at Knoxville,Olefin. Mr. Hutchcraft was appointeda delegate from Kentucky by Govern-James B. McCreary, .and before hisdeparture was notified by the Exposition authorities that arrangementslad been made for accommodationsd entertainment while he was apiest in that city.SECURELOCATION FORGAS MEASURING STATION.The Central Kentucky Natural Gas- -ftompany has bought a lot on thelintonville pike in the old fairgrounds addition, from Stuart &'Brien, for $400 and will locate theirmeasuring station upon the property.A cottage will also be built on, the lotLmv the superintendent and his familysod a governor for the control of the;gas flow will be installed at this point.COLUMBIA THEATRE.To-day at the 'Columbia Theatrethree splendid pictures will beshown, each one has a very interesting story connected with it. "SheWill Never Know," American, a taleof the plains replete with tender uathos; Brethren of the Sacred Fish,"a Thanhauser comedy, and the"Dream House," a Reliance, whichtells the story of a little child andher dog Shep a picture the childrenshould see.Mr. Percy Reed, the great baritonesinger, who 'Is making such a hitwill be heard in another one of hispopular songs.aMrs. Josephine B. Horn, of St.Louis, Mo., is the guest of her daughter, Mrs. Henry Santen.FALL HATS.Thirty-two different styes from Stetson, Knox and Crofut & Knapp to select from. $3 to 5. '(It) J. W. DAVIS & CO.MATRIMONIAL.EngagementMr. and Mrs.Announced. iThomas Stanton l2-3tLOST COW.Strayed or stolen from my place, atRuddles Mills, Monday nignt, faeptemb 10, one muley Jersey cow. Liberal reward for her recovery or information leading thereto.DOCK SNAPP,Ruddles Mills, Ky.FISCAL COURT ACCEPTS BID . 1FOR WORK ON IRON WORKS.The Bourbon Fiscal Court met Tuesday in called session to hear the report of the committee appointed bythe court to open bids for theconstruction of about one andyonehalf miles of the Frankfort and IronWorks pike in this county. The committee composed of Squires Stipp andLloyd reported that they had receivedthe bids and opened same and foundthat the bid of Shea & Carmony wasthe lower, the bid of these contractors being $2,800 per mile.The Fiscal Court at a recent meeting appropriated the'vsum of $2,000for the construction of this amount ofthe road and it was agreed by aT number of land owners in that section tomake up the additional amount necessary for the building of this portion of the highway. The amount appropriated by the court was orderedplaced at the disposal of the committee as soon as those interested hadcomplied with their part of the agreement. It was also ordered that Shea& Carmony execute bond in the sumof $4,000 to insure their part of thecontract.The meeting Tuesday was presidedover by Squire L. J. Fretwell in theabsence of Judge Denis Dundon withSquires E. P. Thomason, J. J. Redmon,B. F. Stipp, G. K. Redmon, and O. B.Lloyd present.The committee appointed to deliverto Buckner Woodford, Sr., assigneeof the Citizen's Bank of Paris, theresolution passed at the regular meeting of the court reported that it haddone so and the committee named toconfer with C. V. Higgins in regardto the deeding of the quarry propertybelonging to the county at the Midland depot, made a favorable report.TYPEWRITER REPAIR MANWITH CANDIOTO CO..:.'.. ,& i mm . vJMraart -?.?. raTeggaHBgagnaraMajM mnwx & v& 'iwmswsr' ?v."-V-X " -''" .. . . ..a.. , ! Mr i'v W,.s. HHElhaK Jy.-' -' .- 'wwHiiiiHii Mt&a&mgppap- kMHK. jws'& m2&?&&mm?k.zss&rJmmflmMri. .iMSaF a s . . v fSWt.iI jLiajjiMM,i iMuatiflMiii iii n i"-rf-ajXJi j-wiUTrrTTtT" ii nri r -a..V -. '&yiAvi' ""?rzs 'Atit "r . a . IvJv .""X 'Aw' tJThe Chippewa Indians, perhaps the most highly rated organization of Redskins in the United States, will play therParis Athletic Club at White Park Saturday afternoon. The contest should be quite interesting- from the fact that therChippewas have made a great display wherever they havo given an exhibition of ball playing and the local aggregationwith its excellent showing in the past several games, will no doubt prove an equal to the visiting club. The Chippewa.Indians carry a band of twelve pieces which will give a concert on Friday night, and as a special attraction at the gameSaturday afternoon. Chief Pinnance, late of the Philadelphia Americans, will be on the mound for the visiting club. TherChippewa tribe of Indians is said to be the richest of the race in the United States, the Goverdment recently awarding,each member of the tribe, which numbers about two hundred, $13,500, and every member of the club to be seen to-morrowpossesses enough wealth to sustain them for the remainder of their days.Application for Liquor LiByars, of Simpsonvjlle, announce the .engagement of their daughter, Miss3ary Elizabeth Byars, to Mr. WilliamTalbott O'Neal, of Little Rock, Ark., j-bill . ftrnil Ifnr 4-r 4-1r-fc TlonA l 4-ll e flnrltrJail. Mr. O'Neal is a native of Parislieing the second son of Mr. and Mrs.Frank O'Neal, of this city. He is axiost excellent young man and studiedaciedicine with his cousin, the late Dr.Hugh Clendenin, in Louisville, but upn the death of the latter, Mr. O'Nealentered the conimercial world and has"keen very successful. He and hischarming bride-elect have the bestwishes of a number of friends. tQhorifPo SqIo?Uiiui hi u v&ftiu iBOURBON QUARTERLY COURT.WHALEN-HARRINGTON.The Georgetown News says:"Edward Harrington and Mrs. Nancy Elizabeth Whalen, a deaf and dumbcouple from Bourbon county, were"Knited in marriage here Saturday byCounty Judge Ward. The groom'sfather acted as interperter throughfiie ceremony." izTEMPLEMAN-FLUTY.A dispatch from Winchester Wednesday says: "Miss Rosa FentonTempleman and Mr. Grover Fluty,feoth well-known young people of thatcity, eloped to Louisville late Tuesdaywhere the marriage ceremony wasperformed on their arrival. Miss Temrteman left Winchester Tuesdaysnorning for Lexington accompanied"ky Mrs. L. C. Trent, who before hera-ecent marriage was Miss NancyPharis. Mr. Fluty left on another4rain acompanied by Mr. Trent."Although the parents of the youngouple expected the marriage, it cameas a surprise at this time. Only afew friends were let in on the secret."The bride is the daughter of Mr.S. W. Templeman. Mr. Fluty is theon of Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Fluty, andis one of Winchester's most promis-4g young husiness men."The couple is well-known in thisity where they have frequentlyTisited.NEBRASKA BILL.If he question is asked why Sig.Sautelle's Nine Big Shows are heralding a Wild West as an attraction thisseason, let this be the answer: TheGreat Caterer to the People's Welfaretoaows that variety is the nutmeg ofexistence. The times require "something different." Novelty is the keynote of happiness. Hence, Indians,cowboys and cowgirls (prettiest andhirkiest); the atmosphere of the forte ts.And these, geatest of all,headed"fey Nebraska Bill. This King of theWildwoods and Overlord of the Plainsis "the real thing," too. Unlikeany assumed wild ones that are faking around the country in dirty tents,presuming on the gullibility of thepublic to palm themselves off as Iniian slayers, Nebraska Bill has a recrd of bravery. Of Indian fighting,rrhere fierce tomahawks swung andacalping knives circled, and the penalty of capture meant the fire and theatake.He has battled the redskins on theirnative heath. He is a master ofiroodscraft; he is the bravest of the-fcrave. He is the genuine article, inactHe is in charge of the realistic andlurid section of the Nine Big Shows."The Indians and Wild West featureshe captains are real habitats of woodsjmd forests. This feature of the 9Big Shows will be shown in rings andon hippodrome track. This WildWeat novelty is the "trimmings" ofthe Circus, Menagerie and Hippodrome the crested coloring of an interesting picture of magnificent realistic painting.Will visit the city of Paris on Mon--ay,Sept. 22.CONSOLIDATED CAUSES.The Power Grocerv Co., -V PlaintiffsVs.C. E. EndicottandWilliamson-Martin &.Co.,Vs.C. E. Endicott, - - DefendantsPursuant to judgment and order ofsale entered in the above styled causes,I will, onWednesday, October 1,1913,beginning at 10 o'clock a. m., at thestore room on West Main and 20thstreets, expose to public sale the entirestock of goods, consisting ofDry Goods, Groceries andHardwareThe above. sale will be made to satisfythe plaintiff's debt." interest ana cost,amounting on day of sale to $359.75.TERMS Three months time, the purchaser to execute bond with approvedsurety, bearing 6 per cent, interest fromdate of sale, or the purchaser may paycash.A. S. THOMPSON,12-19-26 Sheriff Bourbon Countv.Mr. S. B. Henry, who last week assumed charge of the typewriter repair department of the Joseph Candio(to Company, at Lexington, has hadbuilding and repairing experience.In New York City he enjoys a reputation as one of the best mechanicsin the business, having worked forsome of the largest typewriter companies there. For a long time he wasassociated with the Elliott-FisherCompany, at its factory in Bayonne,N. J. He was sent to London, England, by the American TypewriterCompany in 1905 to demonstrate thatcompany's product and train Britishmechanics to repair K typewriters.While abroad he travelled extensivelythrough England, Ireland, Scotlandand the Isle of Man for the ArmstrongTypewriter Co., Ltd., London, Eng.,American Typewriter Company's selling agents for Great BritainMr. Henry gained considerableprominence as a basketball star in1901-'02-'03-'04, when he was captainof the Derby, Conn., Y. M. C. A. team,regarded as one of the best in the eastand played against Yale, Harvard,Princeton, and other prominent eastern college basketball teams.Mr. Henry contemplates adding moreprestige to his record as a typewriterman in his new position and believeshe will succeed in bringing the typewriter repair department of the Joseph Candioto Co. up to a high pointof efficiency.cense.Notice is hereby given thatf the undersigned will at the meeting of theCouncil on Thursday, Sept. 25, applyto the Mayor and Board of Council ofthe City of Paris for license to sell atretail and to be drank on. the premises, spirituous, vinous and malt liquors for the ensuing year at his placeof business at the corner of Main andSeventh streets.HARRY SALOSHIN.Stray Lambs.Estrayed from my place on theNorth Middletown pike, two largeSouthdown lambs with brown painton hip. Call 391 or 468 Cum. phone.J. HAL WOODFORD.NOTICE.I cost a great deal of money tolay sewer pipe-those of you who havethe privilege of sewer connectionswill so avai 1 themselves. There is,for you, no argument for a continuance of the cesspool and the vault.Do away with the filthy evils.A. H. KELLER,3sep-tf) Health Officer.SEED WHEAT AND RYE.Choice Fultz Seed Wheat, Northera! and Home Grown Rye for sale. Call84 either phone.(10sep-3wks) R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.VERY LOW RATESTO THE WEST.The Missouri Pacific is offeringvery low rates to California, Idaho,Nevada, Utah, Western Clorado, NewMexico, Western Texas, Arizona, Oregon and Washington. Tickets soldSeptember 25th to October 10th, inclusive. For complete informationregarding rates, through free chairand sleeping car service, address J.A. Steltemkamp, G. A. P. D., 204Traction Building, Cincinnati, O.SUMMER COLDSrapidly reduce-human strengthand illness is easily contracted,bnt Scott's Emulsion willpromptly relieTe the cold andnpbnild yonr strength toprevent sickness. vSCOTT a BOWNEvBLOOM FIELD. N. J. 13-28MN0tlG6Mrs. Albert H. Morehead has returned from her vacation and is eadyto eceive pupils for the Piano. Forinformation apply toMOREHEAD MUSIC CO.,9-2t-pd 606 Main Street.Daily Thought.I am a part of all that I have metTennyson.aHVESRCOCollegFosLa-diesBourbonYouniOpensTuesday, September gthPrimary, Preparatory and Collegiate Departments.Twelve in Faculty. All Specialists.Music, Art and Expression Unusually Strong.ParisGrandj:Monday, Sept. 1 5l A. GOBI!csrLrnzLPRESENTING AN ALLWHITE COMPANYEverything New, Every Season.Beautiful Ensemble Spectacle.(A Gala Night Aboard a Battleship.)"JOLLY JACK TARSAT PLAY."Splendid Scenic Production of aModern American Dreadnaughtaad tha men who man them.BIG FUN SHOWAND ALL THAT ISNEW IN MINSTRELSY.Splendid Mal Choir. SparkliagComady. Unexcelled Dancing.High-Class Minstrtl Vaudeville.THE SHOW YOU KNOWPARADE and BAND CONCERTS DAILYPrices, 25c, 35c, 50c, IBs:.Bourbon College is situated on one of the highes'points in the City of Paris. Large and beautiful campus.Building fitted up with all modern conveniencies ' andequipments.For Annual, address, .Mrs. M. G. Thomson, Principal,Paris, KentuckyTHE PARIS GRANDFriday, Se0t 1 2.NationalPiay Co. Offers Wrou AnthonyMcGuire's Great Play 9 -DbH H m fife f m N M sf .5 a S vlflHH II H 1 F I 2 P3 oi&HgBH tafil 09 i h f 3 rE iELiBashH m w Hi & n h $ p iwaH dm m - M U $v M yaSHMBSfiEKEFKHGBgHBKHEMabbV A 1 H E 58 wj f m a 38BBBBBk A & wf ffilBraP fN 3 $ 'J Jk! sv sjBSWITH GEO. A. LEMMING.The Most Talked of Play in Years !PRICES - - 25c, 5Cc, 75c, $1.00Reserved Seats at Mitchell & Blakcmore' S-ajbi9999W9m999 9999999f99WTo Bicycle Owners:Is Your Bicycle Sick ?If so, bring it to J. ELVOVE, and he willcure it at a very small cost and will guarantee 5his work to give satisfaction or no pay. We Shave engaged an expert mechanic, to do thiswork We carry a full line of all kinds ofRepairs and Supplies. JBicycles to suit your pocket book.J. ELVOVE,Paris, KerrtucltyOur Call Home Phone 360MM MMMMimmtHIMIMHM ft IftGtftftftftftft-Paris Grand, Tuesday, September 1 62o Biol &Wjf.i Hi h nJfttWflP&3I NENV I aMlffilM I m I IsAAjiMBMwk aTi"i jp a S a BafaWAWS ?BsTbBWt IMElaJJJolJIlkBBlt -MMijy ttrmHOPS AND R &B m A aB TYPES DANCESHAVAUO BlVBJrl INDUSTRIESTHRILLING RESCUES FROM AN OCEA4 GREYHOUNDDASHED ON THE ROCKSTORN BY RAGING SEASSPEEDING BY HYDRO -AEROPLANESHIPWRECKEDOVER PARiSYACHT!OFF MONTE CARLOWONDERSOF MARINE LIFEyv;vr orzE?"TT'tX -C.'2?v"'JPPflicrLZv iavl Wilt UalMulwpWIY itPRICES, 25c, 35c, 50cSeafes on Sale at Mitchell 8c Blakernore'sHiF!fVjirT .i-5 -fr A-x '- - J-JL&-V s. J s- ,KysTHE5 BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.", SEPTEMBER 12, 1913tMSFmfiSuSrir&k.jHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADENOTICE.City tax lists for theyear 1913 are now inrwfcy hands for collection, at my office atthe Deposit Bank.C. K. THOMAS,City Collector.E. H, GOREY ELECTEDDIRECTOR OF PEOPLES'At a meeting of the Board of Directors of the People's Bank, Mr.Edward H. Gorey was elected a, director to serve in the place of Mr. JohnF. Barbee, who moved to Arkansaslast winter.FINE FRUITS.Concord Grapes and fine Californiajfc-uits of all kinds. Stop in and lookthem. over.li-2t JAS. E. CRAVEN.SEED BARLEY.Choice seed barley for sale. Phones54. R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.(lCsep-3wks)SC-DIERS PASS THROUGH ONPECIAL TRAIN TO KNOXVILLE.. special train of seven Pullman( aches bearing two companies of1 nited States soldiers passed throughParis over the L. & N. Wednesdayaoout 12:45. The soldiers were enroute yto Knoxville, Tenn., and thetrain stopped here about five minutesfor prders.BRICK FOR SALE.Fifteen hundred old brick, alsoeighty running feet of rock curbing.Kustbe removed at once. Call eitherphone No. 41. 2tYOU WILL BE PLEASED.Get shoe satisfaction(18-tf)by traing atFELD'S.Insure your Tobscc againstFrre and Lightning s ithMcQurc & Qcndenin.MICHIGAN CELERY.We are receiving daily fresh celerydirect from Michigan. Phone us yourtrder if you want the best.(12-2t) JOHN SAUER.NICHOLAS CITIZENS TOADOPT MISSOURI PLANSome of the public- spirited citizensof Nicholas county are agitating theMissouri system of improving theroads. An effort will be made to intyduce citizens and farmers of thecounty to take up the question ofSDOiAt AND PERSONALMr, Joe Lavin is the guest offriends in Beattyville.Mr. W. V. Goode, of Lexington,was a guest in this city, Tuesday.Mr. 'Dave Joseph, of Cincinnati,is the guest of Mr. Jake Saloshin.Mr. W. H. Anderson has returnedfrom a visit in Parkersburg, W. Va.Mr. Geo. Alexander has returnedfrom a short busines trip to Xiouisville. Mr. J. Simms Wilson returnedMonday night from Pensacola, Oklahoma. Miss Mary Adams Talbott left Monday for Lexington to enter HamiltonCollege.Miss Katherine Meglone leftTuesday to enter the Midway OrphanSchool.Miss Martha Waller, of Cincinnati, is visiting her cousin, Miss Martha Ferguson.Mrs. Hughes Bronston, of thiscity, is visiting Mrs. Chas. Bronston,in Nicholasville.Miss Anna VanMeter, of Danville,is visiting Mrs. John Woodford andMrs. W. L. Yerkes.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Jeffers returned Tuesday from a visit to relatives in Frankfort.Mr. and Mrs. K. F. Campbell, ofCincinnati, are the guests of Mr. andMrs. Clarence Ashurst.Mrs. Arthur Hancock anu children have returned from a trip 'to Virginia and New York.Mrs. Charles Goldstein and children have returned from a visit to relatives in Huntington, W. Va.Miss Kate Alexander has returned home after a visit to Mrs. Clarence Lebus, in Fayette county.Mr. Jay Ranson left Tuesday fora business trip to Chicago and a visit to his uncle, Mr. James Ingels.Mrs. Windsor Letton and son,Windsor Letton, Jr., -of Atlanta, Ga.,are guests of Mrs. Camilla Wilson.Mr. and Mrs. Forest Bashore, ofLexington, are the guests of Mr. andMrs. Charles Roebuck, on Cypressstreet.Mr. Merritt Slicer has returnedfrom Chicago, where he has been engaged in business fo the past twoyears.Mr. Edward Spears has returnedfrom Canada, where he spent thesummer, and will leave this week forCulver, Ind., to attend college.Mr. and Mrs. Jesse Traylor willleave tomorrow for Richmond, wherethey will spend Saturday and Sunday.vith friends.Mr. H. C. Lilleston has returnedto his home in Kansas City, Mo., aftera visit to his mother, Mrs. S. Lilleston, in this city.Hon. and Mrs. Cassius M. Claywill leave this week for the East toplace their sons, Cassius M., Jr., andJohn, in college.Miss Ophelia Chiles has returnedto her home in Lexington, after a visit to Mrs. Henry Spears and Mrs. Eddie Spears Hinton.Mr. and Mrs. L. Saloshin andFRESH OYSTERS.We,havetoday fresh oysters thefirst of the season... JAMES E. CRAVEN..FOR PEACH PRESERVES.Preservingthem.(It)peaches and plenty ofC. P. COOK & CO.OUR TAILORING SEASON.Is now on. We are prepared totuna out the verv best in custom tailered clothes, employing only the bestcf skilled .workmen and the highestcrades of foreign woolens." (ltj J. W. DAVIS & CO.PARIS BOY ACCEPTS POSITIONWITH ROYAL BAKING POWDER.Mr. Sherman Snapp, who for thepast several years has been connected with the Kentuckian-Citizen, andlately as a city mail carrier, has accepted a good position with theRoyal Baking Powder Co. as a traveling representative and with .theforce of men now operating in thiscity, will in a few days leave forRichmond, from which place they willcover the adjoining territory. Fromthat point he will go South and theentire winter will be occupied in canasing in Tennessee, Alabama andGeorgia.from Hot. Springs, Va., where shespent the Summer with her parents,Mr. and Mrs. Walter Clark and hasentered Bourbon College.Mrs. Albert Hinton has returnedform a visit to relatives in Mayslick.Misses Matilda James and LouiseSteele leave to-day to enter MargaretCollege at Versailles.Mr. George" Nippert, of Cincinnati, is visiting his father, Mr. Geo.Nip'pert, Sr., in this city.Messrs. Jack Turney and Monroe Sweeney returned last night after abrief visit in Elizabethtown.Born, on Tuesday, Sept. 9, inGeorgetown to the wife of Mr. HenryCraig, nee Katherine Davis, a son.Mrs. Bennie Weisberg and son,Samuel, have returned from Pittsburg, where they spent two weekswith relatives. "Mrs. Stella Cook, who has beenthe guest of Mrs. Newton Bishop,near this city, returned Tuesday toher home in Cynthiana.Dr. W. B. Stephens, of San Francisco, Cal., is here for a visit of twoweeks with his parents, Mr. and Mrs.Chas. Stephens, on Stoner avenue.Judge E. B. January was in Lexington Wednesday to attend the meeting of the Executive Board of theOdd Fellows' Widows' and Orphans'Home.Mr. John Price, son of Mr. andMrs. Lee Price, of this city, whothis week went to Danville to resumehis studies at Central University, wastaken suddenly ill Wednesday night.Mr. Price received the information ofhis illness yesterday morning and going to Danville in an automobile returned home with him last night.Mrs. R. Q. Thompson and daughter, Miss Kate Graham Thompson, ofColumbia, S. C, who have been on anextended trip in the East, ' returnedto this city Tuesday night, and arethe guests of Mrs. J. T. Hinton, at herhome on High street. Mr. Thompsonwho accompanied them on the trip,will remain in the East for about tendays. While on the trip -they spenta large portion of the time the guestsof relatives and friends at their seaside homes on Massachusetts Bay,and made automobile trips over CapeCod and Cape Ann, where they viewedthe homes of the late Thomas Jefferson, the noted actor, "Grey Gables,"the home of the late Grover Cleveland. Mrs. Thompson and daughterwill be guests at the home of Mrs.Hinton for about ten days before returning to their home in the South.DEATHS.BOURBON V.ORSE WINS EVENTAT THE FALMOUTH FAIR,Help Me, owned by Jack Turney, ofBourbon, won the trotting event at theFalmonth fair Wednesday in threestraight heats, throwing the dust inthe eyes of the other starters andcapturing the big end of the purse.He is by Rhythmic out of SunnyBrook. The best time of the race was2:15 1-5 which was made ' i the firstheat the second and third being madein 2:29.EDJVl'KERNAN WINS SOUTHMICHIGAN LEAGUE PENNANT.HINTON.Mr. .James Hinton, aged about 60years, died Monday night at his homein Cincinnati after an illness of onlya few hours of acute indigestion.Mr. Hinton formerly resided inBourbon county, and was the son ofthe late Mr. James Hinton, who 'Hvedon the Lexington pike, near Paris,and a brother of Mr. W. W. Hinton,who resides at the home place.He was a cousin of Mayor John T.IHinton, and Mr. W. M. Hinton, andwas here last week visiting his brother. He is survived by his wife andtwo children.The body was brought to Paris Wednesday morning on the 10:24 trainfor burial in the family lot , in theParis cemetery. Brief services atthe grave were conducted by Rev. Dr.0. R. Mangum, of the Baptist church..The following gentlemen, formerfriends of Mr. Hinton, acted as pallbearers: William H. Clarke, Forrest Letton, W. W. Hall, C. 0. Hinton,B. B. Marsh and Brutus Wheat.RELIGIOUS.1 Our Large Stock of Shirt Waists IS Must Be Reduced. t2So we will give the pr2ces anotherbig" cut. Gome while have your size.'Prices on All Summer Fabrics7" Reduced.Big cut on DressWash Goods, Etc.Linens.Lawns,tRev. Oscar R. Mangum, pastorof the Paris Baptist Church is preaching a series of sermons on sacredsongs.Sunday evening he took for his subject, "Abide With Me."Next Sunday evening, his subjectwill be, "How Firm a Foundation."On September 21 "Let the LowerLights be Burning."September 28 "A Soldier of theCross."October 5 "The Ninety and Nine."October 12 "Jesus Lover of MySoul."October 19 "Will There be AnyStars in My Crown."Cordial invitation is extended to all.Rev. J. S. Simms, pastor of the-Paris Methodist, church, on Sundaynight will preach his last sermon tohis congregation before going to theKentucky Conference. At the meeting Sunday an open session of theEpworth League will be held, together with the recognition of the newlyelected members.miW. Ed Tucker.) mIMiBMBnHiMaiiflHaMa1T J T. 3BidiiNC neeeiveuiIS mI INotice To Gonraciors.Bids will be received for the construction of the sewer system for theEastern portion of Paris accordingto plans of J. A. Stewart. Plans maybe seen at the offiges of J. A. Stewart,1112 Traction Building, Cincinnati,O., or of the Mayor of Paris, Ky., orof the State Board of Health, atBowling Green. Bids to be made asa whole and for separate portionsfrom the outlet to Vine street, toEastern end of Stoner Avenue- andfrom Stoner Avenue to Winchesterstreet. Bids to be in the hands ofthe City Clerk by Sept. 24, 1913. Theright is reserved to reject any or allbids or to accept any separate por-! tion.J: T. HINTON, Mayor.e Are Now Ready to Show Youaiesi inGive us a CaSI and Look our Stock overBefore Going Elsewhere. SpeciaB Attention Given to Our Children's Department.ANNOUNCEMENT.We announce the readiness of ourTailoring Department to take orders jfor men who want the best that canbe produced in high-class tailoring.(It) J. W. DAVIS & CO.TWO RESIDENCES ENTERED BYBURGLARS WEDNESDAY NIGHT.Wednesday night burglars enteredthe residence of Mr C. L. SteenbergenMt. Airy avenue. An entranceworking the roads, and it is thoughtthat tWO days' Work Will be given by '. Annehtkru. Misses" ttnlriie nnrl TflP.iP.the majority of citizens of the county. have returned from a two weeks tripto Martinsville, Ind.The four-year-old son of Mr. andMrs. Zeke Elkin, of this city, who wasoperated on Monday at the MassieHospital for adnoids, is getting alongnicely.Miss Edith Higgins, who has beenthe guest of Miss Alice Ewalt, hasgone to Maysville to visit before returning to her home in Massallion,Ohio.Mr. Clark Douglas, of Chattanooga, Tenn., returned to his home Wednesday afternoon after a visit to MissElizabeth Lee, at the home of Mrs.Castle Redmon, in the country.St. Peter's Episcopal church, Rev.G.- H. Harris, rector. Sunday school9:30 a. m., morning prayer and sermon 10:45 a. m.; subject: "TheChurch Catholic and Protestant. ShallIts Name Be Changed?"Mr. William Shire, of the jewelry firm of Shire & Fithian, returnedSunday night from New York and Atlantic City. While in New York Mr.Shire purchased the holiday -stock ofjewelry and notions for his firm.Ms. John Davis entertained withfour tables of bridge at her home onPleasant street Wednesday afternoonin compliment to Mrs. Milton CulpBrowning, of Columbus, O., and Mrs.John Yerkes. Refreshments wereserved during the afternoon, and theoccasion was much enjoyed by thosepresent.The many friends of Miss Virginia Jouett in this city will be pleasedto learn that she has entirely recovered from her . recent illness. MissJouett, who is the daughter of Mr. andIklrs. E. S. Jouett, of Louisville, and asister of Mrs. Withers Davis, of thiscity, was visiting in Winchester whenstricken with illness, and for sometime was in a serious condition.Mrs. Clarence Kenney entertainedTuesday afternoon at her home in thecountry with an informal party inhonor of Mrs. William Culp Brownins:, of Columbus, O., the guest of relatives here, and Mrs. John Yerkes, ofParis, who is soon to move to Atlanta, Ga., to reside. The home wasbeautifully decorated with plants,and ferns and delicious refreshmentswere served. Miss Mary KenneyWebber, the pretty and attractivedaughter of Mr. and Mrs. Chas. A.Webber, served frappe. Those present were: Mesdames Wm. Ardery,Wade Whitley, Steele Marsh, Thos.Buckner. Sam Clay, Charles Webber,Walter Kenney, John Yerkes, EdwardPrichard, Wm. Dudley, Catesby Woodford, Julian Frank, John Woodford,James W. Woodford, W. P. Fisher,John Davis, Withers Davis, LouisTavlor. Charles McMillan, ClellTur-ney, Amos Turney, William Ferguson,Henrv May and Jo Varden; MissesElizabeth Embry, Loraine Butler,Caroline Roseberry, Mary FithianHutchcrtft, Mary Woodford, MaryKenney Webber.Miss Patsie Clark has returnedEdward McKernan, former managerof the Paris team of the Blue GrassLeague, succeeded in carrying off thepennant honors in the South Michigan League with the Battle CreekClub. Since the opening of the season, McKernan has been at the top ofthe column and with the old timefighting abilty held a safe lead to thefinish. His many friend here will begratified to learn of his success inthe pennant race. Last season McKernan only lost the pennant by onegame which was due to the fact thathe and two of his best men had beensuspended a short time before theclose of the season on account oftrouble with an umpire.frGeo. Mc Williams,Phones 301The Shoe iVf ant&haJ, ' " " '" ..,... -- -FORMER BOURBON MENVISIT THEIR OLDHOME.Messrs. John and Thomas Laughlin, of Dallas, Texas, former residentsof Bourbon county, arrived in thiscity Wednesday night for a visit totheir old home. Mr. John Laughlinhas been away from Paris about fortyyears while his brother left this citythirty-one years ago, and this is thefirst visit to the place of their birth idthat length of time. Both are promin.ent business men of Dallas, being actively engaged in the wholesale grocery business?BOURBON FEMALE .COLLEGEHAS AUSPICIOUS OPENINGJust ReceiyedA Bigew Line ofComfortsBlanketsonwas effected by removing a screenfrom a window in the front of thehouse. Going into the bedroom thysecured the trousers of Mr. Steenbergen, and after rifling the pocketsmade off with a small amount ofmoney.The home of Rev. George H. Harris, on Vine street, was also visitedby burglars Wednesday night, andforced an entrance in the same manner." The trousers of Mr. Harriswere taken from the bedroom andafter taking a small amount of moneyJform the pockets the intruders departed without arousing the inmatesof the house. Nothing else in eitherof tho houses were disturbed Thepolice are investigating. .-.SPECIAL. .I am offering some very specialprices on 'Wilton and Wilton Velvetrugs. Not aiamy, left. r ."(It)..... ' r . J. 'T.. HINTON.Bourbon College opened its ninthuuu&eviuuve year ruesuay morningunder most gratifying auspices. Mrs.M. G. Thomson, principal, was incharge and the opening exerciseswere conducted by Rev. J. T. Sharrard and Rev. Dr. O. R. Mangum.Mrs. Thomson considers this thebest opening the college has ever had,the day department is full and thehouse will be comfortably filled withboarders. The primary department'enrolled thirty-three pupils the largestin the history of the school, and Mrs.Willie Anderson Harp, who in chargeof this work, is a teacher of experience and possesses all the qualifications necessary to the training of beginners. She will add constructivework to the regular line of study bychart and book and by object lessonswill guide tne attention of the children. The faculty for this year is com-4posed of the following well known instructors :Mrs. M. G. Thomson, principal,Miss Louise Warford, assistant principal; Miss Annie Wilson Waters,mathematics and science; Miss EthaLouise Van Arsdale, A. B., Latin,German and Science; Mrs. Willie Anderson Harp, primary and preparatory;Mrs. Hattie Hutchcraft Hill, Frenchand art; Miss Elizabeth D. Giltner,piano, voice and violin; Miss Sue Taylor Engleman, piano; Miss CatherineThomson, piano; Miss Annie Kennedy, expression, harmony, gymnasticsand reading; Mrs. Alices EdwardsWare, matron,v Vi!Dte'ranes--ny .rriee-eJJlFine AssortmentsAnd Best of All'MJZI.1You Save MoneyJrGTiPWood MantelsSAVES YOU MONEYUndertakingRTORxAmbulanceJx"-Vr i iwi Hfr ' fti 'l,Hh BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1913aatmrmrowm. . Vr i .,.,, f i , i ' "MliMIMIIIMIIilIIHIIMMMMIM,3tfeQttttllM0ltlilllltililllMtltlMiillttMIMiMFALL OPENING 11iXis:isFurniture, Carpes, Rugs, Heating jStoves, Ranges and Cook Stoves$Job PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!iNever Before Has Our Stook Been ;So Oomplete as this SeasonIn Our Comforts and Blanketsand MattressesWe have been very careful in selecting for you this season, so that 3011 cansay that you got the best that is madeOne Car Load of Gas Ranges and SHeaters will be here in a few daysand we invite you to come and look them over. We will take your old 1 ;Stove or Range in part payment in exchangeUs Before You Buy Your GasS The Mission Flower Stand at 30cWhile They Lastttw5rHfib.evSCTRE JQB R60fflS OfTHEHRB0NBSP59OCiEWSAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asi sA.WheelerurnitureMain StreetiimHMItttUft" caatiMtH iCHAS. GREEN, Mgr. Opp. Court House$ c -$&$sot9eceec&$o$$seeeG9Q&Si O- dPSbU vo Sr-S$ 40Co. !tffeHere Is the HogLexington, Ky.BOURBOl REMEDY CO.,Enclosed find photo of hog that wascured of cholera with your BourbonHog Cholera Remedy. This hog wasalmost dead before using the medicineand then was entirely cured, exceptloss of ears, tail, etc. The hog isowned by Mr. Skiles Ewing, of Bawling Green, Ky. He will be glad togive you a testimonial, and we can getseveral more if you want them.JENKINS-SUBLETT DRUG CO.,Bowling Green, Ky.Ask Your Druggist for It.FOR SALE BY W. T. BROOKS.FIREMEN HAD SENSATIONNOT ON THE CARDNotice to MerchantsOn and after this date I will not beresponsible for any accounts contracted by other persons in my name unlesssame is made upon a written order,signed by myself.W. M. GILLESPIE,Paris, Ky., Aug. 1, 1913.COSTLY TREATMENT.I was troubled with constipationa4 IadiMtIon and spent hundredsdollars for medicine and treatmeat," write C. H. Hines, of Whitlow,JLrk. "I went to a St Louis hospital,also to a hospital in New Orleans, butaeTcur was sffected. On returningkeeae I bsgan using Chamberlain'sTablets, and worked right along. Iswed them for some time and am nowaft Tigat." Sold by all dealers.CAMt)Fire in a Turkish bath on ladies'day! Can you imagine it? What achance for the brave firemen to coverthemselves with glory by bravingthe clouds of vapor in the vapor-roomand bearing the distressed and disheveled beauties to the street, wrapped in as much of the aforesaid vaporas happens to be at hand at the moment! What a chance for chivalrous pedestrians to rush to the nearest stores for all kinds of firstaid to the injured wardrobes of thefair fire victims! What an opportunity for the moving picture men, formanagers hunting candidates for thechorus!Just such a calamity nearly happened the other day at a Turkish bathestablishment near Forty-secondstreet and Sixth avenue, in New York.The only reason that the vicinitydidn't look as if an open-air rehearsalof the "Follies" was in progress wasbecause the fire was just this side ofa false alarm. It was put out with extinguishers on the premises. Therewas more smoke 'than anything else,and the crew of the single engine andhose cart that responded to the "stillalarm" lost a chance to be heroes tothe Gladyses and Gwendolins and Cecilys within.Ever see that R. A. painting entitled "A Summer Night?" The innersanctums of the Turkish bath presented a series of pictures of thesame order early in the afternoon,with here and ther a cigarette between some damsel's carmined lips,when one of the strong-armed Amazons in attendance got her nose upinto the wind and sniffed a variety ofsmoke she knew didn't come fromany of the guests' perfumed coffinnails. Not to create a panic amongthe beauteous bathers she tiptoed outof the room and passed the word tothe engineer on the pretense that shewas going to order some more steamsent up from below.Meantime some of the ladies decided that there was more fire on thepremises than there ought to be andpattered nervously out to where theyhad left their clothing. There weresome lightning dressing acts in progress when the attendant returnedand assured everyone that it was onlya defective flue or two that hadcaused all the trouble.In spite ot this most of the blondesand brunettes began hunting sheetsand bathrobes so that they would nothave to keep the firemen waitingwhen they came to rescue them, andsome of the more thoughtful put anextra layer of rogue on so that nobodyon the street could tell whether theyappeared looking as if they wereready for the company photographer.But they had all their trouble fornothing. When the firemen arrivedprepared to rescue everybody in the ;building, the engineer met them andexplained that it was all over andthey could go back to their pinochlegame. And everybody was a littledisappointed, even the bathers.Sound Advice to Mistresses.To respect the servants' point ofview, to be generous in our dealingswith them, explicit in our directions,and to give libera what might be calledaa interested, considerate margin ofpersonal frsddom and responsibility,will lead to better service and betterservants. Whatever is done in contradiction to Hais is spoiling. CenturyMagamoa.yW&sSSBSSS lAMALCAHATED'ARC.ajTmSBgs I EOOF1NG rJPObes Laber la TriaWad.Lobar m so efa in Tmaidad tfcatit does not par to buy lawa mowscs,as coolies wiH cat the grass witk asmall skfcto or knife at a trifirog sort.REMARKABLE CUREOF DYSENTERY."I was attacked with dysenteryabout July 15, and used the doctors'medicine and other remedies with norelief, only getting worse all the time.I was unable to do anything and myweight dropped from 145 to 125pounds. I suffered for about twomonths when I was advised to useChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy. I uied two bottlesof it and it gave me permanent Telief,"writes B. W. Hill, of Snow Hill, N. C.For' sale by all dealers.(Ave)r No matter whether the thermometerregisters 105 above or 25 below zero,Amalgamated Arc Roofingcan't be affected a particle.No matter the curves or valleys ofyour roof you need no tin to coverthem, for Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGis very pliable. It is the Perfect Roofing,and the insurance rate is no higher thanwhen slate or metal is used.We authorize our agents to refund the moneyif our Roofing- la not perfectly satisfactory.AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO.Chicago, IllinoisSold by Millersburg Coal andLumbre Co.,Millersburg, ' Ky.W. N. Barkley Mrs. W.'Js. BarkleyWoman's Exchange & Cafe112 K. Upper Street.,Lexington, KentuckyBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.I-Hdme-raade Cakes, Breads, Pies, Candies, Croquetts, Salads, Pickles, ChowChow, Ftc, received fresh daily.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Supper; also lunches and short orders at allhours with the best the market affords.(28mar6mo)Cbe Bourbon Hews,104 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.7miUiuuuiiUiuaMzw-sW",it S&:1 HE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 1,1913."PARIS, KENTUCKYMonday, September 22P)'mttmtmTruck Replaced Thre TeamsVisitor From U. S. SoughtVain for French Quarter.inShops, Subways, Music, Drinks andEven 4he Prize Fighter WereAmerican Made NothingNovel was to Be Seen.PARIS NOT FOREIGNRS4fes isms inr?5 mxR nifll 1 sistfe emeusffifl- 1? MUSEUMjSMSMSfiff THSDWAHDDjkTE jIs- Tir-;!I i TpL L if JlpwTENFOLD WIORE FOR THE MONEYTHAN ANY OTHER SHOW ON EARTH.A REALIZATION OF THE CIRCUSTHE MOST EMINENT THE EARTH HAS KNOWN SN ANY CENTURY.(L Multitudinous Overwhelming Indescribable crush of Amazing Gymasiic,.Acrobatic, Spectacular, Aerial and Equestrian SENSATIONS.GEO, W. DAVIS .FDNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALME8.BOTH'PHONES DAI 137; NIGHT 299.iIiss Margaret K. Caden,210 Main Street, Lexington, Ky.Special Display of. . . Summer Hats 7 .Moderate PricesS Pans Odorless Cleaning Co. fSen's and Ladies' Suits Cleaned,Pressed and Repaired.Ladies' Serge White Suits and Fancy Silks our specialty.AH Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andEeblocked to your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25cParis. "Say, where's the Frenchquarter of this town, anyway?" askeda visitor from the west of a clerk inone of the tourist agencies of Parisrecently."You mean""Exactly what I say," said thestranger. "I came all the way toParis to find something new, a change,novelty, and all I've found is say,at breakfast yesterday morning Iread an American paper, though it'spublished here in Paris. I foundthat the jockeys who won races herethe day before are named McGee,O'Connor, O'Neill. Sounds like a listof Broadway traffic squad 'cops.' Canyou beat it?"The first thing I saw when Iwent out on the boulevards was thesign 'American shoes.' Next vdoorwas a windowful of gaudy green andyellow neckties and celluloid collarsties no hayseed would wear andcelluloid collars like our motormendiscarded years ago, but all labeled'American.' Then a Camelot shoveda handbill at me. It had a facsimileof the stars and stripes and an 'ad'for an 'American dentist.'"I dropped into a store and askedfor gloves. 'Sure,' said the clerk.'We have ze gloves American.' Iti was a not day, and Jie added: 'Anazees ez Americaine wezer, aussi,n'est-ce-pas?'"When I went back to the hotelfor lunch a maid brought in my laundry. 'Ah, ze glacage Americane,' shesaid, fingering the collars, which hadbeen given a shiny gloss. I didn'twait to tell her no self-respectingAmerican laundry man would put onsuch a 'finish.' I saw mine if I had." 'Is there a manicure in this neigh-'hnrhnnrT?' T ARlrori thp. r.lp.rTr." 'Mais, oui,' he answered. 'Justaround the corner is an American '"I was riding in the subway thatafternoon when some guy sized meup and volunteered: You Americanshelped to build this line.' Finally Ireached one of the residence sections and thought I had found Franceat last. Just then a hand organstarted to grind out "Hiawatha,"which was made in Kansas City, Ithink."A French friend of mine took medriving in his motor car. 'By theway,' he said, 'this machine is American made.' We nearly ran into atrolley car and on its side I saw thename of an American engineeringfirm."I went to one of the summer gardens that advertises 'tango matinees.'The orchestra played one piece oltango music then struck up 'Alexander's Ragtime Band.' I beat it tothe accompaniment of 'Row, Row,Row.'"By that time I thought I hadearned a drink. Yes, I saw that'American soda water' sign but 1dodged into a cafe across the street.When I was seated a gar con came upand asked: 'Grog Americain, M'seu?'"I stopped in a florist's shop to buysome flowers for my wife. I askedfor 'La France' roses. Nothing doing. They gave me American Beauties. I happened to think just thenthat that was mail day and I had tosend a business letter, so I hurriedback to the hotel and looked up thestenographer. 'This is an Americantypewriter,' she said, caressing themachine."While I was at dinner I tried tofigure out why Christopher Columbuswent to all the trouble of crossingthe ocean to discover America whenit would have been so easy just torun up to Paris. But I was desperate and I resolved they wouldn't foolme any more."That night I went to a music hall,one that they said was tres Parisian.Out came a spieler to announce that25,000 francs would be given anyman who could face a fighter for tenrounds in a combat de boxe. Thenthe fighter appeared. He was "" 'George Carpentier?' asked theclerk."Not on your life! Jack Johnson!That was the finishing touch. It wasme to the hotel then in a hurry. Inmy room I tried to figure out whatthat one day in this great 'foreigncity had cost me.""And you found?""I found that that blasted cocherhad slipped me an American quarterinstead of a. franc piece."jjfIn eleven months this three-ton KisselKar Truck covered in actual service4,760 miles at a fuel cost of $1.08 per day. Manned by a driver and one helper,it replaced three teams of horses. The average daily burden wJf 37 1 7.20thsnst carried an average load of four tons one ton overload but in the entire period named, was laid up only two and one-half hours for repairs."We can recommend the KisselKar Truck and assure that it lives up to itsguarantee," writes Thomas E. Fleischer, manager of the Sheboygan Lime Works.Two and one-half hours for repairs, carrying over 37 tons per day is a record worthyof notice. KisselKar Trucks cost little to maintain and are economical to operate becausethe problem is solved in KisselKar construction. g-HgjNote these striking KisselKar features Simple engine easy to operate reserve powerexcess capacity differential lock preventing one drive wheel absorbing all the power onslippery places, and stalling the truck four speed transmitters geared up fourth speedpermitting high speed when desired without racing engine ; 15 to 20 per cent, lower fuelconsumption than average trucks light spring suspension for power plant, heavy springsuspension for load gauge that weighs load greatest accessibility easy control largerbrakevdrums, and extra powerful brakes special bodies designed to meet every need.CiSselJrCar 0ruck$ .1500 lbs.-1 -2-3-4 and 5 TonsIn the range of capacity, 1503 lbs. to 5 tons, you can find just the type that fills yourrequirements and with the KisselKar Truck goes the .KisselKar Service, which is themauuf acturer's guarantee of satisfaction. ' 4KIsseSSKar Service means taking off your hands all of the mechanical details.A special service building is maintained in this city for the benefit of KisselKar owners.The KisselKar service is a broad and comprehensive arrangement between manufacturer andowners that cares for the car, maintains efficiency, retards depreciation and minimizes upkeep. This service is a valuable consideration in the purchase of a power wagon. Investigate it.Ask us td analyze your present horse haulage ss compared to motor haulage. The result will be interesting.Send for free book showing KisselKar Trucks in actual use in your line and many otherlines "of business.Thepoiaowirig Lines of business HavelRecentIyabought Kissel-Kar TrucksIron and Steel, Lumber, Textile, Milling, Giocery, Dry Goods, Dairy, Furniture, Fruit, Commission, Transfer, Bus, Hotel, Caterer. Brewery, Building Supplies, Contracting, Plumbing, Canning, Oil, Telephone,laundry, Bakery, Confectionery, Tee, Goal, Farming, Hardware, -Ice Cream, Creamery, Produce, Crockery, Undertaking and to municipalities in Fire, Health and Police departments. We make them to suittheneeds or any busuistness.ORHUKL153K3c5Phone 21 05. 51 3 West Main Streetcamaatssm ggaata ffwwiroMLexingtonJShort Jenks' Threats.Short Jenks is always threateningto give a written guarantee, althoughevery one knows he can't write.Atctiron Cicbo.!iniiiiifFOR YOUTHg v mjitl iJL im m k 1 j'm a T BHfc "l" iLh & I mSFPil-MRrR i ifl 0 IHM n:H"I-ROBERT G0ELETS AT OUTS?Reports of a Separation Are in Circulation, But Have Been Deniedby the Wife.iMMWHMMNaMIIQMS!percent$Mni$inwo125! CW. KING & SON,.f.dntori,OrdfP of the Bath.The Order of the Bath, is an BngKsh order of knighthood, traced tothe reign of Henry IV, and consistingit three cl&nes. Initiation is preoed-ed by & -bath, whenca the name, Intoken of tke .purity required of themembers y tke laws ofekivalcy-New York. Mrs. Elsie Whelan Goe-let, in her handsome villa at Newport,denied recenUy circulated reports shemight seek a legal separation fromRobert Goelet, son of the late OgdenGoeletReports the couple had come to theparting of the ways have been persistent for weeks i tM& mty andNewport.Unsightly Grey and Faded HairWhy not have beautiful, dark, glossy,natural colored hair, full of life andbeauty keep yourself young lookingand fascinating? Its so easy andsimple to do if you will get a bottle of IHay's Hair Health today. You'll notice)a change after one or two applicationshow quickly the grey hairs vanish-low glossy, full of life and vitality IHay's Hair Health will keep your h-ur.!Don't waste time, get a bottle today.,'IYour druggist is selling more Hay'$Hair Health than all others, becausehe knows it's the most satisfactory,the nicest and cleanest to use andreally does restore color to grey hair.Free : Sign this adv. and take it to thefollowing druggists and get a 50c. bottle of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.1cake of Harfina Soap for 50c; or $1.00fcottle of Hay's Hair Health and two5c. cakes of Harfina Soap Free, for illL. OBERDORFERf Druggis;Paris, Ky.When you feelZZp.vous, tirect, worried or desoordnt it is asure sign joa need MOTT'S NERVERJNEPILLS. They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMott's Nerverine Pills l??JlWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Prop.. Cleveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky....The Kentucky State Fair will offer to the farmers jand livestock exhibitors an opportunity to exhibit thebest nrnducts of their farms and best specimens Oili livestock and to the women an opportunity to displaytheir handiwork and cookery at the 191 6 rair, forwhich liberal premiums are offered.$30,000 in Premiums6-BIG DAYS-6Beted Railroad Ba&705For Information, Entry Blanks, Catalog, Etc., addrea.T. L. DENT. Secretarv. PPAUL JONES BUILDING LOUISVILLE!3Professional CardsK.Arrest With X-Ray Drewes on.Portland, Ore. Mayor Albee thbcity, ordered the poBe anraat at&women -who appeared es Mm street!wearing an X-ray dress. S'e f theopinion that the skirte are agirtrnrf mty. 'Dr. Win- Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Oflice 514 Main Street.Office Phones j f1,Kesidence j !,&.m:mmTR. A. ti KELUER,XJ Practicing Physician,Offices, RoomsParisand 5, Elk's Bid gKentuckyT J. WTLXiiAMS,tl. ATTORNBY-AT-LAW.om 1 Win BwJdaor.Martin BrosFurniture Moving,City Transferand First-CalssLiveryOur Facilities forHeavy Hauling isGood.Our Livery is as good as theother fellows. Horses fe'dby the week or month.We would appreciate ashare of your business.Prompt attention given allorders.Both Phones 260.MARTIN BROS.,Eighth StParifKentocky13-:4 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDeposits ,Your Deposits Arc GuaranteedYODTAKE NO RISKSIf You Arc Interested :Write UsUNION STATE BANIMuskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000fully PaidCANCER CUREDI guarantee every caa I iadertakt; 20 yeara practice; raerence, any citizen of Pan.DR. WM. R. S&UTH,4rTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1913'""HNEiS OF MILLEBSBUROVL M. I. and M. F. C. both openedyesterday with a full attendance.C W. Corrington and O. W.Ingels are in Cincinnati on business.Mrs. Jane Williams, of Stanford,Ky., is the" guest of Mrs. E. M. Thompfos. Miss Frances Oney, if Lexington,is visiting her sister, Mrs. CharlesMartm.Mrs. B. T. Beeding, of Lexington,sis visiting her sister, Miss EugeniaWaddeil.Mrs. J. Smith Clark, of Winchester, is visiting her mother, Mrs. J. A.Thnt.Ur. and Mrs. A. B. Darnell, ofFlenfiagsburg, are visiting relatives in-this city.Mrs. W. S. Judy and Mrs. J. B.Cray were in Lexington, Wednesday,shopping.Miss Elizabeth Ingels left todayfor a three weeks visit to relatives inCieyeland, O.Robert Hughes is at home for afew days after spending a month atHuntington, W. Va.Miss Grace Minges, of New York,arrived Wednesday to resume her duties at the M. F. C.Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Butler haveretarded home after a ten days' outing at Olympia Springs.Capt. A. H. Miller and wife andCapty Howard Freas arrived this w eekto assume their duties at M. M. I.Mr. and Mrs. Aaron McConnellhave returned after a two weeks' visit in Mason and Robertson counties.Rev. A. S..Venable and J. A. Butler and wife are attending the meeting of the Presbytery at Augusta, Ky.Mrs. S. M. Allen has as her guesther wother, Mrs. E. P. Woods, andher aunt, Mrs. Mattie Bush, of Stan, ford. Ky.Mr. Paul G. Smith returned thisweek from Waco, Texas, and spent a-day here on his way to Kentucky University, at Lexington.Services at all the churches Sunday by their pastors; protracted meeting commences at the Christianchurck Monday evening, conductedby Eli. M. A. Cossaboom, of Indiana.KEITH'S THEATRE WILL HAVEIs A SPECIAL REQUEST BILLNOW'S THE TIME.PINE KNOT HAS AFUTURITY CHANCE.Eiae Knot, a candidate for the Kentucky Futurity and the KentuckyStakes, to be decided at the Kentucky Trotting Horse Breeders' Association's forty-first annual meetingOct. 6 to 18, at Lexington, is owned byCharlton Alexander, of Paris, and istrained by Joe Rea, of Lexington.He won the second heat of the Preparatory Stakes for three-year-olds atGalesburg, 111., in 2:114, so impressively that Joe Markey wrote in theHorse Review: "Pine Knot is an extremely fast colt and should cut somefigure in his late Futurity engagements. He is by Tregantle 2:09,out of Lulu Glaser, 2:29, by ScarletWilkes, and has the Tregantle hallmark, being good gaited and possessed of extreme natural speed."Every vaudeville house in the country usually gets requests from theirpatrons to show certain acts in theirrespective cities. The management ofB. F. Keith's Theatre, in Cincinnati,receives on an average more than anyother city in America, excepting NewYork, Chicago and San Francisco.These requests are usually for thebest acts in vaudeville. Manager Jno.F. Royal, of B. F. Keith's Cincinnati,has decided to gather together a number of request acts on one bill, andwill offer them next week, beginningwith the Sunday matinee.Of the eight big acts, five have boenheadline attractions at the largestfirst-class houses in America. It willbe one of the most expensive showsever seen in the city, and the salarypay-roll will be close to 5,000.One of the biggest and mqst remarkable musical tableau extravaganzas will be seen for the first timein Cincinnati on this hill, when thej Pinafore Kiddes, which include twenty-fiveiuvenile stars, will annear in acondensed version of Gilbert & Sullivan's famous opera,- "Pinafore." Theyoungsters have woii the admirationof critics throughout -the country bythe artistic and finished manner inwhich they produce this musical gem."Pinafore" has probably been playedby more companies and in more different languages than any other comic opera ever written. All the beautiful musical hits of this production willbe sung by the youngsters. This playhas been engaged especially for thePanama-Pacific Exposition at Frisco.Then there will be John T. Haines,late star in "The Coward," who willpresent his dramatic sketch entitled"The Man in the Dark." This is agripping playlet of intense human interest and one that should appeal toevery patron of the Keith house.Miss Sophie Tucker, the Mary Garden of Ragtime, is another great feature on this request bill, and by nextweek she will probably have the entire city whistling her latest melodies. Miss Tucker is a young ladygenerously blessed by Nature withpersonality and physique.No musician in the country hasachieved greater success than Trovato, the wonderful entertainer with theviolin and who was a great star withthe Harry Lauder show. This Italianhas an almost uncanny way of gettingan audience and hypnotizing themwith his violin'. He ist a man whosets the audience whistling one minute, crying at another and convulsedwith laughter at another.Hanlon, Doe & Hanlon are threegreat comedians of the knock-abouti variety who will close this creatshow. There will not be a dull moment in it, and from beginning to endshould prove one of the best vaudeville shows ever seen in Cincinnati.One of the biggest features of tneDill will be the eld soldier fiddlers ina new version of their great act. Theold soldier fiddlc-rs include membersof the Union ma Confederate armies,v ho fought in '61, and who have beengrouped together in one of the mot.!atractive musical arts ever heard onany stage. These same fiddlers wereone of the biggest sensations of therecent Gettysburg Convention. TheirI stay here should be even more tuc-cfssrul than their visits of severalBuy your wall paper now,save big money by doing so.(It) . J. T. HINTON.YouALL TAILORING WORKIS GUARANTEEDCleaning and pressing, repairing,altering, and in fact anything in hetailoring line. All work guaranteed tomeet with satisfaction. The only shopin town having an expert tailor inchaige. To get the best results in allclasses of work, give us a call.LUTHER COLLINSla rear of Paris Billiard Hall, West(tf Cor. Main and 4th Sts.PARISNIMRODS BAG BIGGAME IN FLEMING COUNTYA party composed of Thos, Reeves,Wm. Giltner, Frank Bedford, GuyOverbv. Miller Ward, Wade Whitley,and Rudolph Davis, of this city, want.,to Fleming county Wednesday, wherethey spent the day.in hunting doves.While there' they were guests at theliome of Mr. Homer Reeves. The party was successful in bagging 120 birdsthirty-three of which were killed byThomas Reeves. The day was thoroughly enjoyed by the members ofthe party, who were treated to a genuine country, dinner at the home of thehost near Marshall Station.FRESH!Melons on Ice CantaloupesString BeansFresh Tomatoes Sweety Peass Evergreen CornCucumbers - SquashAll Fresh and NiceH -IT IHMIINS3?WIND!nrcacnesoiKeller Grocery CompanyWtmsWM4BWMSRMSW&SM1Iyears ago.mr-vjgaru.j s's&z.-iw.-' luifczParis Book CompanycTWRS. C. D. WEBB, Prop.School Books and SchoolSupplies, .Novelties, Etc.iI Ledgers, Journals,! Pens, InksEtc. Magazines, Maps,Globes, in fact everything that's tound at a .book: btore.Picture Framing Our Leading. . . Specialty ....WORK DONE WHEN PROMISEDivUftANCEFire andLightning ;'TnornasIII12 Big Companies-- .JTAXI We can outfit you with a dependablecamera at small expense.i-ftllnl'" tf fllTM 1H.mT-I llllll III Ml ! i mi5F5iigcggffiiBfBJ&7 x 9icaM nogsnsv,iiir rina neoucfions on ahSUM MERFOOTWEAROffers YOU NOW the greatest opportunity of the Season for the purchase of YOUR FOOTWEAR SUPPLY for the family.Buying as we do in GREAT QUANTITIES we are able to offer YOU BEST QUALITYSHOES at a GREAT REDUCTBON IN PRICES.We are now offering some EXTRAORDINARY VALUES IN LATEST STYLE PALLPC OT WEAR that we are now receiving daily forMEN, WOMEN and CHILDREN.W is TO YOUR ADVANTAGE TO TRADE AT OUR STORE, wliere Courteous andReliable Dealing Is Assured. -" ,No. 2A PocketBROWNIEMade by Kodak workmen in the Kodak factory, and worksjlikethe Kodaks. Pictures, 2x4 Price, $7.00.jj Let us show you how easily you can make good pictures with one, of these simple cameras.DAUGHERTY BROS.iJifeIifrr .Sole Agents for Famouswalk-Over'; V r' ' "' -AND- - -BEACON SHOESTHE BEST FOR MONEY.ID A. 1ST COHENBiIw I14, Egg wiSi1 i 'I MM A .Xr fWEt3HHfe as em, .' JletzSiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii HHHiF 11 1 BI -r 0iiliSlRil i. . t'l jMTmKmMKrlREADBELOW.HOWAN OLD'GENTLE MAN I WHOHID HIS MONEYOVER. THE CLOCKNEARLY LOSTAfter an intelligent old gentleman at the age of 76 dropped dead in hishome, his son found over TWO THOUSAND DOLLARS in PAPER MONEYover the old clock vhich stood on the wooden mantel, surrounding an opencrackling fire. Not even HIS OWN WIFE knew that much money was there.The old gentleman was simply CARELESS. His son had married the townbanker's daughter, and the bank was trusted. Both the old gentleman'sMONEY and LIFE were in danger; for burglars have a way of LEARNINGwhere money is hidden, and FIRE at any time might have burned the house.Are YOU careless?Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.A&Capital, $100,000.00.J. M. HALL, President,Snrlus,'$4Q,000.D0.C.K. THOMAS. CshieWn. . .. - k , ?WX.-jABmimmwBrmgy5X It