URBON NTHEWS.3H B fB v 9c.fcu.ia -X. s -PUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY' AND. FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, SEPT. 30, 1913.ESCAPED LUNATIC ISCAPTURED IN PARISr"tm,,flEjyfplibWmmSiswAlvin Silver PlateIs' Made in But One;1 , Quality 'THE VERY BESTSee the George WashingtonPattern in Our WindowLet Me Have Your Order ForCERTIFIEDCHECK30 PoundWe Have it in Steele Cut or Wholet. c. LENinmCash Grocery.&jS&JEi$:&&SK3KK3KmmMMWwfflmW&mSiFall Fashion Display:VBoys' Suits, $2.50 to $12Boys' Hats and Caps, 50c to$1.50Boys' Shirts and Waists, 50cand $1.00Boys' Knee Pants 75c to $2PR16E. & 60. Giotniersand FurnishersmmiKmrmmmmmmmmmm$iM&M' kiOJUZ it-.-.v-me... ---WMtel T.f l XmhwmWmEmwmmgmsmmMs&mHIBi - jftr -Harry Saunders, adjudged insanein Fleming county, and who wasbrought to the Eastern Kentucky Hospital in Lexington, escaped from theinstitution on Friday night andstarted hack to Fleming county. He jwas arrested Saturday afternoon inthis city by Patrolmen McKinney andLink and taken back to Lexingtonand again placed in the Hospital.Saunders was first arrested "lastMonday near Tilton, in Flemingcounty, and escaped from the jail inFlemingsburg the same night, andwas caught after an all-night hunt.When arrested here Saunders toldthe. officers he was merely on his wayhome after a visitWALKING SHOES INTAN AND GUN METAL.Ladies let us fit you with Englishwalking shoes in tan and gun metal.(It) GEO. McWILLTAMS.BOURBON FAIR DIRECTORSFOR YEAR ARE ELECTEDAt the meeting of the stockholdersof the Bourbon County AgriculturalSociety, held at the court house Saturday, directors for the ensuing yearwere elected as follows: C. Arnsparger, J. M. Ward, W. G. Talbott, F.P. CamRbell, Duncan Bell, C. M.Thomas, V. W. Fevguson, CharltonClay, B. M. Renick, H. A. Power, R.P. Hopkins, J. T. Hinton, H. S. Caywood, A. P. Adair, S. G. Clay, J. M.Hall, J. T. Collins, N. F. Brent, Geo.D. Speakes, W. W. Taylor.At the meeting the financial report was presented. The directorsof the Society will hold a meeting ata later date to elect the officers forthe year.FOR PRESERVINGFine pears for preserving.C. P. COOK & CO.?$!PINE KNOT CARRIESOFF ANOTHER RACE.Pine Knot, owned by Mr. CharltonAlexander, of this city, won the Hotel Keepers' Stake at Peoria, 111., Friday, defeating a . good field. Thisis the third race won by Mr. Alexander's horse in the past threeweeks, all of which carried goodpurses.SSEED WHEAT, RYE ANDTIMOTHY.Ohio fuliz Seed Wheat,Northern Seed Rye, fancyquality Timothy Seed.We have large stocks ofthe above at market prices.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.IMRS. JONES SELLS HAN-SON STREET RESIDENCE.Mrs. Martha Jones sold last weekto Sarah Washington, a residenceon Hanson street at a private price.Mrs. Jones has rented the residenceof Mr. A. J. Weathers on Walker avenue and will in a few days move toit for the winter.FOR PICKLING.Cauliflower, white onions, cucumbers, spices . and pickling vinegar.C. P. COOK & CO.iFOUR DRAW FINES INJUDGE JANUARY'S COURTAnnie Curtis, John Henry Trigg,Lucy Booker and Queenie Weather,all colored, were in Police Court yesterday on charges of disorderly conduct and" each was fined $7.50 byJudge January.Tobacco Insurance.23.4t ROXIE DAVIS.JEWS TO CELEBRATETHEIR HOLY SEASON.13iiThursday Avill be observed by thelV2Sj Jews all over the world and they arepreparing to celebrate Rosh HasI liana (Jewish New Year.) The holyseason begins on the evening of October the first, and ends with Shemini Alzereth the Feast of Conclusion on the evening of October 23d.In the Jewish trsGition, the RoshHashana marks the anniversary . ofthe creation of the world, supposedto have taken place 5,674 years ago.The present Rosh Hashanah, therefore, will mark the beginning of theyear 5,674.The change of date, however, is oflittle or no improtance, and if theJewish New Year's Day had no further significance, its appeal to theJew would be very faint indeed. Itis not the change r year but thechange of life that this day stresses,that makes it stand out as one of theholiest days in the Jewish calendar.Herein it differs radically from ourcivil New Year; it is a day set apartfor introspection and self-examination.The sacred character of theJjday is implied in the two other namesby which it is known, viz., the Day ofMemorial and the Day of the Blowingof the Trumpets. In the first place itis the Day of Memorial, or Remembrance. As such, it calls upon. theJew to remember the divine purposeof his life; secondly, it is the Dayof the Blowing of Trumpets. t Its purpose is to rouse Israel from 'his selfcomplacency and stir fiim to "high resolves and nobler deeds.$XHiis"WE KNOW HOWThe Time to ThinkAbout Your Fall; Clothes is HereJTfAND when, you begin to-" study as to where youare going to buy that Suitor Overcoat, remember thatMitchell & Blakemore's storeis the place to come firstOur line of Stein Bloch andHersh-Wickwire's Suits andOvercoats are surpassed bynone. In this store you willfind Clothes that are tailoredright, have that artistic touch in the designing that otherReady-to-Wear Suits have not. All the new shades andweaves. The two-tone Basket weave, Keltic cloth inGreys, Brown and the neat hair' line stripes can be foundhere in styles to please the young man, as well as theconservative buyer of Clothes.Stetson Velour Hats, the best hats in the world onsale now.Mitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to iVIen' Paris, Kentuckymwwwheih ( 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 iiJixi i in i rxih : ii 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 n r 1 1 1 1 1 1 n 1 1 1 1 n 1 1FRANK &, COThe Store Where Reliability Reigns..,-. Announce - .Now Ready For Your Inspection .New -Fall and Winter StylesLadies', Misses' and Junior'sSuits, Cloaks, Dresses -iilSilk and Evening DressesEvening Wraps and Coats S-rSilk and Crepe KimonasSeparate Skirts in Variety of StylesMillinery at Popular PricesCome in and Look AroundSr -frank & cuamiiiiiiiniiiiiimniiuMn.i:KiimmmmmmwmmmfflmMMWMMnt Copyright. 19H.MvcffTula, fctmt $c Co.MMmHmmniJiimimiimujiiimimimiiiiiimuiuijftIn,9MaWZMamMNMMB'.9ie"VV-aV. THE' BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 30; 1913jjwI-D. D. D. Opens New Erain Cure of SkinProfessor Budlongs case of eczemaTvas known to almost every hospitaland physician of reputation throughoutthe state of Connecticut. His letter isanother interesting: demonstration ofwhat is being accomplished by thefamous specific D. D. D., Prescription."It may be of interest to you to know-that your life-giving' preparation, D.D. IX Prescription has been of incalculable value to me. I was coverednvlth eczema from head to foot when1 began using your remedies. I could'set no relief, although I tried a thousand means. I applied but two botlles of the Prescription; a cure waseffected in .a. very, short time, in lessBEARDS WERE ONCE'Diseasethan one month." Prof. C. J. Budlong,South Lyme, Conn.Ask any druggist today f or D D. D.Prescription. He'll tell you it allaysthe itch instantly and soon there aresigns of cure.We have handled the remedy for"years and regard it as the specific forskin troubles of all kinds. Come in orask us about D. D. !?. Prescription,also about D. D. D. soap especially,for tender skins."Wo offer the first full size "bottleon the guarantee that unless it stop3the itch at once, it costs you not acent.C. E. BUTLER & CO., Druggists,&'$'&& H?5 & !.5?.W'0"''r.Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.&&&IVft()!West 5 StreetALL OF THERAGE.ANCIENTS WORE THEM CONTINUALLY WHEN THE LAW PREVENTED THE USE OF THE RAZOR.BABYLONIANS ONE OFFEW RACES CLEAN SHAVENTARTARS WAGED WAR WITHPERSIANS 3ECAUSEWORE BEARDS.THEYr mWe Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest; shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes bck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky;The Best in the WorldThe Higgin All-MetalThe Higgin All-MetalWeather Strip.Distributors of the Walger New:cModel Awning :,3K5vi-vxatSFVThe 3cs: Awning Ever PutjIJpSuitable For Residences, Office and Hotel Buildings,School Houses, Etc.Some of Our Customers in Paris Massie"1 Hospital, A.J. Winters, Geo. Alexander, N. F. Brent, J. W. Davis,Deposit Bank, T. H. Clay, Mitchell & Blakemore and dozens of others.Our Sales Agents will gladly furnish an estimate foryou. Get the Higgin service and be satisfied.Screens bought now for future delivery are made at 2cents per square foot cherpar.T. A. Hendricks,(Kansas City Star.)It is bad enough to live in this daygoodness knows, but just think ofwhat the ancients must have suffered when it was against the law toconsult a barber or use a razor safetyor otherwise. Those were the daysof the hairy chins, and when a manstayed out too late at the club hiswife had a most excellent instrumentof punishment in his own beard. Shejust braced her foot against the wall,grabbed the flowing facial adornmentand pulled.The ancient Babylonians displayedtheir superior intelligence by refusingto wear beards, but the Assyrianslet them grow wild. The Jews allwore beards, as they were forbiddento mar them. The Tartai's waged along wa'r with the Persians, declaring the infidels, because they wouldnot cut their beards, after the customof the Tartars. Which proves thatthe Tartars were a brainy tribe.The Greeks wore their beards untilthe time of Alexander, but the greatGeneral, probably remembering anencounter with his wife, ordered theMacedonians to shave, lest theirbeards should give a handle to theirenemies. Beards were worn bv theRomans in 300 B. C. The EmperorJulian wrote a diatribe, entitled"Misopogon," against the wearing ofthe schin appendage in 362 B. A.In England they were not fashionable after the Conquest (1066) untilthe thirteenth century, and were discontinued at the Restoration. Peterthe Great enjoined the Russians, evenUiose of the rank, to save. But sofond were they of their long, flowing beards that they refused, soPeter sent out his soldiers with shaving mugs and razors to destroy everybeard they could fiud.Since 1851 the habit of wearing abeard has increased in Great Britain,and as King George wears a rathermodest one, it is all the style to let'em grow. Before 1S40 shaving wasalmost universal in the United States.Men have not always been theoffenders. A bearded woman was taken by the Russians at the battle ofPultowa. She was such a curiousitythat she was given to Czar Peter I.Her beard measured one and one-halfyards. Margaret, of Savoy, dauglnter of Maximillian I., Emperor of Germany and Governor of the Netherlands, 1507 to 1530, had a very long,stilt beard. In Bavaria at the timeof Dolfius there lived a woman withgreat long beard. rJlle. Bois deChene, born at Geneva, it was said,in 1834, was exhibited in Londonwhen she was eighteen years old.She had a profuse head of hair andstrong, black beard.LEXINGTON MAN WELLFITTED FOR POSITIONWhile the compilation of the stocksof all types of leaf tobacco held inthe United States by the tobaccomanufacturers, dealers and others, isa new idea, or law, only one reportbeing made, and another in processof being compiled, the law requiringing business that is not haphazard ortober 1, its correctness is a very important matter to the trade. Thesereports give the manufacturers ofcigars and tobacco, exporters anddealers in leaf tobacco a basis of doing busines that is not haphazard orguess work, but absolute facts.In the gathering and compilation offacts and figures, that is of vital importance to the entire tobacco business, a competent -appointee in theCensus Bureau, who has a wide and.general knowledge of the tobaccobusiness at home and abroad, is animportant matter. Mr. E. T. Robards, of Lexington, Ky., who hasbeen spoken of in connection withthis position several times by thepress, is a gentleman who if selectedto supervise the semi-annual reportsaf the stocks of leaf tobacco in 'theUnited States, would take hold of theoce with a full knowledge of what hisduties would be, being more familiar,we believe, with the types and character of tobacco than any man in thiscountry.Efficiency is a necessary requisitein any position,, and a commoditythat should be fully recognized in aliberal compensation. The appropriation for this work by the Government is very liberal, but we understand that something like $2,500 hasonly been paid, which should bedoubled for an ecient man.INDIGESTION, GAS ORSICK, SOUR STOMACHTime "Pape's Diapepsin!" In FiveMinutes all Stomach Misery is Gonet.inniniuuiuiisuiiuiiini&niiiiiHniiiniunHiuiiiniiniiimninnHnnnifis..;tFeTwlWOMAN'S delicate system requiremore than ordinary care and attention more care and attention thanit is given by the average woman.UPSlT&'Qtf Neglect it and ills soon creep in, andM, iiilftJ.' the look of old age, sometimes quiclly,sometimes gradually follows.That backahs. so common arong -women, brings with it tho sunken chest, theheadache, tired n:-.c!ps crovs-feet. ami soon the jouthful body is no more youthful in appearance and all because of lack oi attention.There is no reason -why yo-: should bo so unfortunate, vhrn you hr.vc atyourdisposal a remedy such as Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescritioii recommendedfor over 40 years as a remedy for ailments peculiar to women. We have thousands upon thousands of testimonials en filn thopccumulation of 4.) jears testifying to it3 effect- f,,VCf. Ws.'.K-iX.&Zliveness. Nei'her nicotics nor alcohol arf to Iw ,found in this lamo' s prescription. Kerulateairregularities. Coi rects displacements. Ov?rcome3painful i eriods. lone-; up net ves. Brin3 r.boutDcrfect henlth. Sola by dealers in medicmes.in liquid or tablet form.Dr. Pierce's Medical Adviser, newly revised up-to-date edition, answers hostsof delicate Questions about which everyicotncn,tinolc or married ought to Lnow.2S2EiSl:moo jfaereeTSFavaraiten3lia2iJIIIfJSIgini2S2iInllillIIlIliiIi&lllllEIIi2Jiia3E2311I13I119I2g2UlJiISaillllll!IElIIIlIISuamw.vr-y -iHot Facts "About Fuel !J uSales AgentPhonc258523-sept-tf SLexington, Ky.ICStlMMmMIMMMIMMI1 W. H. Thompson iThe Leather Goods Store,An invitation is extended to you tovisit this Store during1 "Fall Fashion Week"J September 29th to October 4th, where; there will be on displayI Ladies' Shopping Bags,5 Traveling Bags,- Suit Cases,Fine Leather Goods,Parisian Ivory.W. H. Thompson,1 3D West Main St.,Lexington, - Kentucky"REMARKABLE CUREOF DYSENTERY"I was attacked by dysentery aboutJuly 15, and used the doctor's remedies and other medicines with no relief, only getting wores all the time.I was unable to do anything and myweignt dropped from 145 to 125pounds. I suffered for about twomonths when I was advised to useChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy. I used two bottlesof it and it gave me permanent relief," twrites B. W. Hill, of Snow Hill,N. C. For sale byall dealers.(August)"Really does" put bad stomachs inorder "really does" overcome indigestion, dyspepsia, gas, heartburn andsourness in five minutes that justthat makes Pape's Diapepsin thelargest selling stomach regulator inthe world. If what you eat ferments iinto stubborn lumps, you belch gasand eructate sour, undigested foodacid; head is dizzy and aches; breathfoul; tongue coated; your insidesfilled with bile and indigestible waste,remember the moment "Pape's Diapepsin" comes in contact with thestomach all such distress vanishes.It's truly astonishing almost marvelous, and the joy is its harmlessness.A large 50-cent case of Pape's Diapepsin will give you a hundred dollars' worth of satisfaction or yourdruggist hands your money back.It's worth its weight in gold to menand women who can't get theirstomachs regulated. It belongs in yourlinmo elirmlrl nlivotro lia L-ianf liondv. j u ''"""' Iin cuse 01 a sick, sour, upset siomacnduring the day or at night. It's thequickest, surest and most harmlessstomach doctor in the world.If you have been a housekeeper .any lengthof COAL. And after all kinds of expert- Jences and complaints you know there is justone kind of FUEL that gives absolute satisfaction always, that is Fox RidgeCoal. Remember you cannot order tooearly to avoid the high priees.Bod so ii & DentonThe Home of Good CoalYards, South Main St. Both Phones 140QSQfcSSfcXSsSsSSxC&sgSii1 MHOW THE TROUBLE STARTSConstipation is the cause of manyailments and disorders that make lifemiserable. Take Chamberlain's Tablets, keep your bowels regular andyou will avoid these diseases. Forsale by all dealers. (Aug)Junior OrderAmerican Mechanics...Fall Festival andCarnival,Here AH WeekSept. 29 to Oct. 4.A recently invented ornamentalstopper for wine bottles is cup shapedto catch the last drops and preventthem from running down the sides ofthe bottle.Southern Belgium is likely 'to obtaina great water supply from an underground lake which was discovered ashort time ago. At present it is dependant on rain water.MOTHER!IF CHILD'STONGUE IS COATEDIf Cross, Feverish, Constipated, Give"California Syrup ofFigs.2 Band Concerts Daily,2 Monster Riding Devices,2 Big Free Acts.High Class-SHOWS-HighClassSee Abe Hozza's 7 in 1 Show.Acme AmusementCo.'s Big Hippodrome Circus.ASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland Telephone works for him. He will reply:1. Sells My Products 4. Protects the Home2. Gets Best Prices 5. Helps the Housewife3. Brings Supplies 6. Increases Profits7. Pays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet.For information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated.A laxative today saves a sick childtomorrow. Children simply will nottake the time from play to emptybowels, which become clogged upwith waste, liver gets sluggish; stomach sour.Look at the tongue, mother! Ifcoated.or your child is listless, cross,feverish, breath bad, restless, doesn'teat heartily, full of cold or has sorethroat or any other children's ailment, give a teaspoonful of "California Syrup of Figs," then don't worry,because it is perfectly harmless andin a few hours all this constipatedpoison, sour bile and fermentingwaste will gently move out of thebowels, and youwill have a well, playful child again. A thorough "insidecleansing" is oftentimes all that isnecessary. It should be the firsttreatment given in any sickness.Beware of counterfeit fig syrups.Ask your druggist for a 50-cent bottleof "California Syrup of Figs," whichhas full directions for babies, children of all ages and for grown-upsplainly printed on the bottle. Lookcarefully and see that it is made bythe "California Fig Syrup Company."Don't be fooled!See the Red Dome Musical Corned'Show.Taylor's Plantation Show,Phillip's Dog and Pony Show,Rapolla, the Armless Marvel,Col. Lagg's Reptile Show,' Col. Davis's Wild West,Ratliff's Deep Sea Show,Marion, the Tiny Mite,Roach's Fighting Hyena.Ladies, Take a look !ATTwin Bros. Department Store.New Arrival ofladies' Stylish Fall Suits, Coats. Skirts,Waists, Millinery, Shoes, Etc,Handsome Drygoods and Fall DrygoodsandjSilks.Oetll 123.Twini. Depanmeni SieCorner Seventh and Main Sts.Instead of Wood Shingles orJIafeCome on, kids, to the MerryGo'Round.See Capt. Joe Lyall Defy Death foryour Amusement. A Daring Dive of85 Feet In 4 Feet of Water.PREE TO ALLParis, - - KentuckyyiLi-mi urrii. --fi t- 'iji ,CORTRIGHTMetal ShinglesThe roofing that lasts as long asthe building and never needsrepairs.They won t burn, crack, curl or rotlike wood shingles, nor have they thegreat weight or brittleness of stone slate ;,I besides they are inexpensive and look better than either.For Sale byBest & Hawkins, Millersbun?, Ky.rfaUXT- Virj?-J1HL BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1913.if-LsKSH stakes HiflU $85,000 ElBB PURSES BSfl? r H I B II, I Cu I I O k BHBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBM.KENTUCKY T. H.Oct. 6 to$ 5,000 TWO-YEAR-OLD FUTURI?.$ 3,003 WALNUT HALL CUP, "21,000 KENTUCKY FUTURITY- (3 -? 3,000 FREE-FOR-ALL PACE, -$ 5,000 TRANSYLVANIA, -$10,500 CHAMPIONSHIP -STALLION$ 3,000 CASTLETON CUP, - -A BIG STAKEWeber's Prize Band of AmericaOne Fare RAILPOAD RATES One FareTheThe Latest AdderCosts But $JgSee our exhibit ask for10 days' trialHere is a new price on a competent Adder. On a machine thatis rapid, full size and infallibleThe very latest machine, builtby men who know how, in oneof the largest metal-working shopsIt is an individual Adder, to beplaced on one's desk, close to one'stoks and papers. To take theplace of the central machine, requiring skilled operators.The price is due to utter siinp'icity, and to our enormous output. Seven keys do all the work.Each, copied number isshown up for checking before the addition is made.The machine will add, subtract and multiply. With veryslight practice anyone cancompute a hundred figures aminute. And the .machinenever makes mistakes.Countless offices, large andsmall, are getting from thesemachines the highest class ofservice.AmericasAddingMachineNameCityState3rw u factured andlG uaranteed byAMERICAN CAN COMPANY,! CHICAGO""Sold by Joseph Candiuto Co., Lexington, Ky.EESStaParts OdorlessMen's and Ladies' Suits Cleaned,Pressed and Repaired.Ladies' Serge White Suits and Fancy Silks our specialty.AH Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and1 Straw Hats Cleaned andReblocked to your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid GlovesICleaned, short, 10c; long 25cGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED, E1BALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.B. ASSOCIATION18, 1913V)Monday, Oct. 6Tmesd&y, Oct. 7Wednesday, Oct STTrarsday, Oct 9Friday, 4 Oct 10Tiesday, j Oct 14kyear - old , -c. .STAKE,EVERY DAYNow we make this offer so thatoffices everywhere may lear whatthis machine means to them.1 0 Days' TestWe will gladly place in anyoffice one American Adder for aThere will be no obligation,ten-days' test,and charges will be prepaid.Combpare it with any non-lister-eventhe costliest. Let anyone use it. See if any machinecan serve better than this.Just send us this coupon andwe'll send the machine.Please send us an American Adding Machine for ten days' free trial.Street Address,($QCleaning Co.EXCAVATIONS REVEAL ANCIENTLIBRARY IN NINEVEH'S RUINS,(Public Ledger.)Excavations have revealed to ussome astonishing facts with regardto the literary attainments of the ancient? peoples of the East. The mostinteresting of these finds were thoseencountered in the ruined palace ofancient Nineveh.It was no mere religious literaturethat was there discovered; it possessed far more solid elements. Thetablets found on the site of the citythat long ago crumbled into the dustshow that the scribes studied theirliterature to advantage. Commentaries, dictionaries and critical worksevidenced a love of literature, notthe mere making of books. The Ninevite Literature presents several curious features that for some time thearchaelogists found it difficult to explain. In the first place, says Harper'sWeekly, it is pointed out, there areno tablets, except State documentsor historical inscriptions, prior to thereign of Assurrbanipal (B. C. 668625,) a circumstance that indicatesthat the library was founded in his jreign. Then, too, the careful arrangement of the tablets in groups and sets,with an index or catalogue in manycases, shows that it was formed on adefinite plan and was not a gradualgrowth during a long period of time.Finally very large numbers of thetablets have an indorsement to theeffect that they were "like the oldcopy."The question arises. "What was theorigin of these older works? Thefirst indication was afforded by thestatement on certain of the tabletsthat they were copies of ablets fromBabyloiian cities and the discoverr-ies in the libraries of Babylonian temples of duplicates of tablets alradyknown to the archaeologists from theAssyrian Library proved that theBablonians had a similar literature.Copies of the Cration legends havebeen found at Borsippa, and the Assyrian Library had a copy of theCode of Hammurabi transcribed intothe Assyrian script. It is clear, then,that it was Babylonia tha tfurnishedthe "old copies."All doubt as to the Chaldean originof the literary treat-ures of the royallibrary at Nineveh is removed by atablet in the British Museum. Thisconsists of a letter written apparentlyby Assurbanipal. but probably by thepriest scribe who acted as the royallibrarian. It was aadressed to a certain Shadunu, who was a man of considerable importance, and, as is nowascertained,, the heai of a manuscriptcommission dispatched to search fortablets in the Babylonian libraries.It has been translated thus:"The word of the King to Shadunu:I am well; mast thou be happy. TheThe day thou seest this letter ofmine take certain persons and suchpersons of Borsippa, as thou knowest and seek out all the tablets laidup in the temple E-zida. Seek outthe rare tablets such as may befound on your journey which do notexist in Assyria, and send them tome. I am giving orders to the treasurers and prefects. .'hou shall putthem in a strong box. No one shallwithhold tablets from thee; and ifthere be any tablet or stele of whichI have not made mention to you, andthou shall learn of it, and it is goodfor my palace, search for it and getit and send it to me.It thus appears that a commissionwith unlimited powers was dispatchby the Assyrian King to search boththe temple and private libraries ofBabylonia and taken from them workssuitable for the nwly establishedroyal library at Nineveh.The destruction of Nineveh occurred about 609 B. C, so that the library had a life of only about half acentury a fact that would accountin a great measure for the freshnessof the tablets.Wool pulp imports into the UnitedStates have grown from 112,500,000pounds in 1901 to 1,080,000,000 poundslast year,, while British imports increased from 995,000,000 pounds to2,073,000,000 pounds.The duck waddle is the latest danceto become popular. In looking foreuphonious titles to transfer from thebarnyard to the ballroom, what's thematter with the svtn swagger, thegoose gallop, or the goslin glide.Brookfield Gazette.A tube which extends from thecenter of the bottom toward the spoutof a new tea kettle admits heat to hasten the boiling of its, contents.STRENGTHEN WEAK KIDNEYS.Don't suffer longer with weak kidneys. You can get prompt relief bytaking Electric Bitters, that wonderful remedy praised by women everywhere. Start with a bottle today, youwill soon feel like a new woman withambition to work, without- fear ofpain. Mr. John Dowling, of San Francisco, writes: "Gratitude for the wonderful effect of Electric Bittersprompts me to write. It cured mywife when all else failed." Good forthe liver as well. Nothing better forindigestion or biliousness. Price 50c.and $1.00, at L. Oberdorfer and W. T.Brooks. (Sept)Minister Is this your birthday, little man?Willie, No, sir; I was born thesecond.Minister Of what?Willie Triplets. Yale Record.DON'T LET BABY SUFFER WITHECZEMA AND SKIN ERUPTIONSBabies need a perfect skin-covering.Skin eruptions cause them notonly intense suffering, but hinder thegrowth. Dr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment can be relied on for relief andpermanent cure of suffering babieswhose skin eruptions have made theirlives miserable. "Our baby was afflicted with, a breaking out of ttte skinall over the face and scalp. Doctorsand skin specialists failed to help.We tried Dr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment and were overjoyed to see thebaby completely cured before one boxwas used," writesMrs. Strubler, Dubuque, Iowa. All druggists, or bymail, 50c. (Sent)WiBFEIFFER CHEMICAL COMPANY.'iTCftf I nili. Ma. DI-lilrtalrW;i o-DA.VID BELASCO'S GREATESTSPECTACULAR FAIRY PLAYWith a characteristic similitudethat suggests Longfellow's immortalbrook that "flows on forever," DavidBelasco's mental storehouse seemsto be as inexhaustible as the poeticstream, and as year after year hisproductions are presented, each yearmore potent and appealing than, thetpredecessor, the question arises:."Will this wizard ever reach the zenith of his art?"1His most pretentious production inmany years, "A Good Little Devil,"written by Rosemonde Gerard andMaurice Rostand, wife and son of theillustrious French poet, and adaptedby Austin Strong, comes near beingthe final word in stage craft and picturation, as critics have pronouncedthis truly wonderful production, "thecrQwning achievement of his eminently successful career.""A Good Little Devil" is a fascinating fairy fantasy with the localelaid in romantic Scotland, where thefairies, brownies and kelpies aboundand the story in tabloid tells a taleof a little boy who lived under thecare of a persecuting, miserly oldaunt, who was a believer in witchcraft. She dressed him in rags,made him sleep in the garret withthe rats and half-starved kine, whileall the time she saved the moneythat was sent to her by a rich unclefor his bringing up.One night the boy was visited bythe fairies, to whom he tells, histroubles, and discloses his love forJuliet, a blind girl who lives in thegarden, with pet squirrels, rabbits,dogs, deer, etc., as playmates.The fairies promise him their aid,and his adventures, thwarting his enemies, his victory, and his marriageto Juliet, who has had her sight restored by the fairies, go to make apoetic gem such as could only emanate from the pens of such illustriousauthors.David Belasco has visualized thisstory by his magic touch into a playthat turns back the wheels of timeand awakens within the hearts ofgrown-ups, the tender memories ofchildhood and the hours spent atmother's knee listening breathlesslyto the fairy tales of . long ago. Italso has a strong appeal to the children, who are for the time waftedinto Fairyland by an excursion suchas Belasco alone can conduct.Mr. Belasco, with his customaryconsistency, brings to the GrandOpera House, Cincinnati, for theweek commencing Monday, October20, the entire New York productiondirect from his own Republic Theatre, also a notable company, including William Norris, Ernest Truex,Arthur Hill, Leonard Craske , IvaMerlin, Katherine Minahan, RobertVivian, about sixty others, and littleMary Pickford, "Queen of theMovies", as she has oeen called, whoplays "Juliet," the sweet-faced blindchild.DESPONDENCYIs often caused by indigestion andconstipation, and quickly disappearswhen Chamberlain's Tablets are taken. For sale by all dealers.(Sept)American exports to Turkey go upabout tenfold every ten years. Theyrose from $50,000 in 1891 to $500,000in 1901, and then to $5,000,0000.Only about one-thira o'f a grain ofradium Is produced from a ton ofore.The sardine catch of Europe hasbeen a great failure.WILL PROLONG STAY.Mr. A. R. Johns, the expert photograper, who came here early in thesummer for a few weeks' stay at Norman's studio, will on account of theimmens amount of work on hand,be compelled to prolong his stay untilafter Christmas. Those who desirework done should have their sittingemade at once, as the work will befinished in the order they are filed.(16-tf)James Aldridge, of Iowa, husked282 bushels of corn m ten hours theother day. He claims the championship of the world.CATTLE RAISING IN ARGENTINA ON LARGE SCALE.(Washington Post.)"It is almost impossible to conceive of the enormous growth of thestock industry of Argentina in the lastquarter of a century," said ErnestMaffel, a large cattleman of BuenosAires, at the Shoreham. "I believeif the laws of the two countries werefavorable, Argentina can supply thiscountry with a great quantity of beef,which would materially assist in reducing the cost of meas to the consumer. Less than forty years agothe great rich tracts of grass land inArgentina Avere practically 'unproductive. The Indians roamed the plains,and general settlement on the landwas dangerous and well nigh impossible. The Indianv however, weresubdued in 1878, and that date sawthe inception of the estancies, orranches, and the systematic reclamation of the land to pave the way foran industry the magnitude of whichto-day is stupendous. The immensityof the cattle business can be estimated from the official returns recentlypublished, which shaw that last yearin tne Argentina there were 30,000, -000 cattle, 70,000,000 sheep and 7,-000,000 horses. The cattle and hors -es are bred m the warmer ports oftu wuuu-y to me nortn, wnere al-falfa abounds, and the sheep in dis-districts in the southern provinces"Some of the large ranches carryas many as 5,000 head of cattle andprovide hunting grounds for manyEnglishmen. The 'gaucho' is one otthe most picturesque as well as useful figures on the ranches, and forms I as is now true in the case of thethe counterpart of His famous' broth- kangaroos.er, the cowboy of North America. .Life on a ranch is far from unpleasant, and on some of the ibg ranches An infernal machine was receivedunder British control evening dress through the mails by Gen. Harrisonfor dinner is the custom. The Ar- Grey Otis, publisher of the Los An-entinet wool is of high grade, and ab y .large part ot it goes to supply tne) cm cm m TmWWisnKmWTmlaIt Always Helpssays Mrs. Sylvania Woods,, of Clifton Mills, Ky?, inwriting of her experience with Cardui, the woman'stonic. She says further: "Before I began to useCardui, my back and head would hurt so bad, Ithought the pain would kill me. 1 was hardly ableto do any of my housework. After taking three bottlesof Cardui, I began to feel like a new woman. I soongained 35 pounds, and now, I do all my housework,as well as run a big water mill.I wish every suffering woman would giveThe Woman's Tonica trial. I still use Cardui when I feel a little bad,and it always does me good."Headache, backache, side ache, nervousness,tired, worn-out feelings, etc., are sure signs of womanly trouble. Signs that you need Cardui, the woman'stonic. You cannot make a mistake in trying Carduifor your trouble. It has been helping weak, ailingwomen for more than fifty years.Get a Bottle Today!Twin Bros.' Department Store701-703 Main Street, Corner SeventhSee Our Window For$12.50, $15.00 and $18.00 Suits!Reduced toS9.98These Suits are in the latest styles'and colors and areexcellent values. Take a look at them. We also'have afull line of Shoes, Hats, Caps, Shirts and everything thMen and Boys wear.TWIN BROS., CLOTHINGL. Wollstein, Propri or.Special Rates &' Excursions.Eucursiorf to Cincinnati, Ohio,and returnSunday, Oct. 5$1.50 ROUND TRIPThis train leaves Paris at 7:50 a.m., arriving Cincinnati 10:30 a.m., returning leaves Fourth St.station, Cincinnati, at 7 p. m.Tickets good on. special trainonly. Ifc-Low round-trip Summer Tourist tickets to all Summer resortsin the North and Northwest onsale May 15 to Sept. 30. Final' limit rlnrp 31 1Q13 with lihprnl". date 6h .1iyid' Wlttl 11DeraiStop-over privileges.' For further information, callj on or address.W. H. HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, TM.PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENTWill cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching Piles.It absorbs the tumors, allays itching- at once,acts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and 31.00.WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.1 . ---I 71 The most valuable fossils have; been taken from' the field opened upby Mr. Riggs in the Valley of theGrand River during 1900. The rockformation which was laid down infresh water is older than the mountains. In 1900 a record-breakingspecimen was found.. In most of thefour-legged giant lizards the forelegsare muph shorter than the hind, legs,geles Times, which was blown up inuctODer, iyiu, Dy tne mcisamara con-161DEP'ICurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,'(Next to Bourbon Bant)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert Barbers .Polite Attention 3Hot and Cold jBaths at AllHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the PuWk Patjronage Solicited.lew Barber ShopWindsor Hotel.12&Modern EquipmentPolite Service.Everything Sanitarv.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDSpecial Prices ForBeef Hides Until :Further Notice'nWe payl21-2c for greenbeef hides. Call uslupor bring it to our place.MAXMUNICK,,tb Street, ' - PARIS, RCall East Tenn. Phomv374 '-, . ....HMw.h,,,.af r. nome markets.DJJHALU1D.IIt k-- ITHE BOURBON NEWS, PARilS, KY., SEPTEMBER 30, 1913yI.I I1I a'i1 i-ItIIfJ 1St ''V.juThere's a world of satisfaction in buying UneedaBiscuitbecause you &nou; you willget what you want sodacrackers that are oven-fresh,crisp, clean, appetizing andnourishing.Uneeda Biscuit are always uniformin quality they are always alikein crispness, in flavor they aresoda crackers you can dependupon. And all because UneedaBiscuit are uncommon soda crackers packed in an uncommon way.Five cents everywhere in themoisture-proof package.NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANYDEATHS.MODEL POST ROAD SURVEYBEGINS AT MT. STERLINGThe model road for Bath and Montgomery counties is now certain. Thework of surveying was begun Fridayby R. H. Combs ana D. G. Haire, of.Washington, attaches of the Bureauof Good Roads. The Fiscal Courts ofboth counties met and signed a contract for the work, and Rufus Knightwas elected trustee of the Bath county funds and Henry R. Prewitt trustee for Montgomery county, each giving a bond of 20,000 to pay themoney out on Government order.Rockis being investigated. The work willbe done by contract and will bepushed rapidly.All of the money,32,000, is in bank. The road will betwelve miles long.REVENUE ASSIGNMENTSIN BOURBON COUNTYFollowing are the revenue assignments of Collector Marshall in Bourbon county for the month of October:G. G. White Company A. G. Leonard, day; G. L. Hough, bottling; W.T.Crosthwait, guager.Julius Kessler & Co. W. W. Cherry, day and bottling; J. D. Shy, additional; W. T. Crosthwait, guager.MONTGOMERY SALOON ELECTION HELD TO BE VOIDIn the Montgomery Circuit CourtJudge Allie Young upheld the decihion of the county election boardin declaring the local option electionheld in that county, void. The election was held last spring resulting inthe drys carrying the county by amajority of about 900, but was contested by the wets on the ground theelection was illegally called and illegally held. The erection board declared in favor of the wets. Thedrys will take an appeal from JudgeYoung's decision.ONE KILLED IN CLARKCOUNTY SHOOTING AFFRAYOne man was killed, another fatallywounded and a woman was shot inthe shoulder, the extent of her injuries being uncertain, in a shootingaffray which took place Sunday afternoon on the public highway in Clarkcounty. Ellis Brandenburg waskilled and his wife was wounded,while Ben White, son of BeverlyWhite, is not expected to live. Chas.Hollins is in jail at Winchester,charged with the killing.Price Kimball, aged 26 years, sonof Hon. W. P. Kimball, of Lexington,died at his home in that city, Fridayabout noon, from an attack of hearttrouble. He had been in ill health'for some time.BUTLERMr. J. D. Butler, aged 86 years,one of the best known and most highly respected retired formers of Bourbon county, died at his home on Mt.Airy, Friday night at 9 o'clock, dueto the infirmities of age. For severalmonths Mr. Butler has been in declining health and since the death of hiswife on July 2, 1913, he has beensteadily on the decline, and for morethan a week his death has been momentarily expected.Mr. Butler was born in. Fayettecounty, May 18, 1827, and was a wellknown and substantial stock raiser.He owned a valuable body of landbetween North Middletown and Paris,which he cultivated and conductedprofitably until he ietired and movedto this city, where he has since resided. Later he disposed of his landed estate.The deceased was a consistentmember of the Christian church, professing faith with that denominationwhen a young man, and for severalyears was an officer in the Parischurch. 'Mr. Butler is survived by four children three sons, Charles E. Butler,of Paris, L. A. Butler, of Fayettecounty, and Lan Butler, of Charleston, W. Va., and oie daughter, Mrs.John C. Morrison, of Charleston, W.Va.The funeral took place from thelate residence on Mt. Airy Avenue,Sunday afternoon at three o'clock,conducted by Eld. J. T. Sharrard, andthe burial was held in the family lotin the Paris cemetery. The pallbearers were Messrs A. T Rice, J. M.Dodge, M. F. Kenney, D. P. Hume,Calvert Ravell, John W. Bain and Dr.F. M. Faries.EVANS.Mr. M. S. Evans, aged 74 years,died at his home on Second street,Sunday morning at 2 o'clock.Death was due to paralysis, Mr.Evans having been a patient invalidfor about two years. He was a native of Clark county, but lived nearNorth Midletown, where he was aprosperous farmer for many years before he moved to Paris about threeyears ago, the infirmities of age forcing him to give up active business.Mr. Evans is survived by his wife,who was. Miss Owens, sister of fthelate Mrs.' Joseph Fithian, and twodaughters, Mrs. William Cantrill, whoresides near Jacksonville, this county, and Miss Bessie Evans, who liveswith her parents.The funeral will be held this morning at 10 o'clock. Services at thegrave in the Paris cemetery, conducted by Rev. J. S. Simms, pastorof the Methodist church.The following friends and neighbors will act as pall-bearers: E. B.January, Alex Rice, Frank Skillman,Chas. N. Fithian, W. R. Scott andJno. T. Hedges.KINGCora Lee King, aged one year,the baby daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Andrew King, who reside near Paris,on the Clintonville pike died Saturday night at the Massie MemorialHospital, after a brief illness withcolitis. The little body was buriedMonday afternoon at three o'clock,with services at the grave in theParis cemetery by Rev. J. S. Simms.SPECIALI am offering some very specialprices on Wilton and Wilton Velvetrugs. Not many left.J. T. HINTON.1TR10NIALCAMPBELL-CROCKETT.The engagement of Miss KateCampbell to the Rev. O. B. Crockett,both of Nicholasville, is announced,and is of much interest here, bothyoung people being well known.Miss Campbell is attractive and popular, a prominent young woman ofNicholasville. Mr. Crockett was theformer pastor ofthe Paris Methodistchurch, and is much admired by hisold congregation. The wedding willbe celebrated this fall.COLUMBIA THEATRE.To-day at the Columbia Theatrea Broncho special two-reel featurepicture will be shown "The Transgressor," a splendidly costumed andacted drama of Puritan village life.A glri protects the man who wronged her by refusing to divulge hisidentity. Abandoning her he is attacked by hostile Indians, and meetsa tragic death. A faithful fisherman lover rekindle sthe girl's lovefor himself by his devotion and thegirl at length finds happiness."A Tide in the Affairs of Men."American drama, a true story ofrare charm, powerful in conceptionand compelling in narrative.Mr. Percy Reed, the popular baritone singer will be heard to-day ina song that is so dear to the hearts ofboth young and old "When You andI Were Young, Maggie." This is asong that appeals to every human being that has a spark of sentiment inhis heart.SAVE MONEY NOWThis is the time to save money onhouse furnishings. SeeJ. T. HINTON.eS99tt9tti999C9eO9e09Ctt9m1 II fUirTTPall fashion Week Sept. 29th to Oct. 4thi. i .Our Gathering of New FallApparel is Indeed Alluring.No woman with the true Fashion-instinct for beautywill be able to resist the appeal of this collection of newFall Suits, Coats, Dresses, etc. The charm and becomingness of styles, the elegance and aristocratic appearance ofthe various garments and their irreproachably high qualityform a combination that cannot fail to galvanize your.attention.These lovely Suits, Coats, Dresses', etc., come fromthe country's style-centers from the hands of America'smost famous designers and makers. Many are exact replicas of original Paris fashions; all are extremely beautiful whether they were designed in America or in Paris.This gathering really amounts to a complete review ofthe new Fall styles, for it embraces every new fashion that. has been approved by the country's fashion critics. Comenow to Wolf, Wile & Co. 's if you wish to view the mostbrilliant style exposition in Lexington.What the New Suits Are likeImported three, piece models are here, as well as everypopular style that is produced in this country and sanctioned by the fashion authorities. Every wanted fabricis represented, in a full range of colors. The coats aremostly three-quarter length, cut-away in front. Skirts areall narrow in effect, some of them showing uplifted dranery at front.r $20.00 to $75.00Be Sure to See the New Wool DressesTheir styles are charming, and for general wear, nofiner dresses could be had. Every one is made in an'attractive model some quite plain, others elaborate. Allare worthy of the highest praise.$8.50 to $25.00Waists to Match the New SuitsOur assortment of waists is very large, and emphasizes every new style, color and design. You will findhere waists that will exactly match your Fall Suit. Thestyle-range and diversity of prices is" so broad that you caneasily be satisfied.$2.98 to $15.00Silk Dresses Are Exceptionally LovelyDesigners have surpassed their previous efforts inproducing silk dresses that are lovely to behold and comfortable to wear. The range of silks is broad, and comprises the plain shades, as well as many gorgeous colorcombinations. All of the best stvles are renresented inour display.$15.00 to $50.001V19 I R l ( ANI fill II I V IP Ww wwiFormerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington ; Ky.I-itecsac63ee3tetse3tftccastteeee99scfNow, BeforeYou Got? iI Want YoutoSeeMy "Garland"BSpVV;"It's so good to look at and so much better to cook on," continued Mrs.Smith, "that it makes me proud every time I show my kitchen.""I wouldn't have believed that just having the ovens elevated at the sideCabinet Style they call it would have made my cooking so much easier,but now I'd never go back to that old back-breaking, low-oven stove.""And the glass oven door, Oh, it's such a pleasure to watch things baketo just the right brown. And besides, this is the only really perfect ovenI ever heard of. Everything I bake comes out a beautiful even brown ontop, sides, and bottom. I tell you it's a joyl""Then too, you see these high legs make it so much easier to sweep under,and the aluminum finish and smooth castings make it so easy to clean,that I can't help being a bit enthusiastic about this stove.""And you should see Frank smile every time he gets his gas bill. I guessitV true alright that these star-shaped burners and ventilating holes in theoven-bottom save gas."OF COURSE MRS. SMITH IS ENTHUSIASTIC THERE ARETHOUSANDS OF OTHER WOMEN WHO ARE JUST AS ENTHUSIASTIC AS SHE IS, AND YOU WILL BE ONE OF THEM JUSTAS SOON AS YOU BUY YOUR "GARLAND" CABINET GASRANGE FROMThe Wind is Never in the Wrong Direction When YouUse a Gas Range;. -STOCK ID1 NTSOne of the biggest deals in cattlemade in this section recently wasthat when John Marr, a prominentfarmer and stock raiser of Bourboncounty,sold and delivered to Beasley Bros., of Fayette county, ninetyseven head of two-year-old cattle.Forty-nine head which averaged 1,200pounds, were sold for $8 per hundred,and the remaining rorty-eight, averaging 1,500 pounds, Drought $7.75 perhundred.Mr. John H. Marr, who resideson the Maysville pike, recently sold,his two premium mule colts to Mr. S.S. Ralls, of Sharpsburg, at a pricesaid to have been the highest overpaid for colts in the South. Thesecolts carried away every blue ribboncontested for at the State Fair lastweek. At the Blue Grass Fair, inLexington, this season, the horsecolt has not only won every thing inhis class, but was awarded the firstplace in the sweepstakes. Mr. Marrbought the mare mule colt from Mr.Frank Collins, if near North Middletown, and the horse colt from Mr.Henry S. Letton, of Nicholas county,several months ago.EXCHANGEYour old stove in on Gas Range andHeater. ' t(26-tf) A F. WHEELER & CO.PARIS GAS & KLCCTRIC CO., Inc.fBIRTHS.Born, Sunday, to the wife of Mr.A. C. Rowland, nee Miss MattieMiller, a daughter, first born.Born, Friday, to the wife of Mr.Bruce Adair, a son, weight 10 poundsAlbert Bruce.Born, at Chicago, yesterday, tothe wife of Wm. Swearingen, neeDavis, z. son second born.THE $10,000 STAKE WINNERS.When the trotters score down forthe word in the Walnut Hall Cupthe opening event of the Lexingtomtrots, Monday, Oct. 6, one of -the mostremarkable things in the history oftrotting will go into record. It isnothing less than that the winners ofevery $10,0000 stake trotted this yearras well as the horses that were placed:second, will all meet for the firsttime. Several have raced againsteach other,but only in the WalnutHall Cup all the winners, horses thatfinishe dsecond, and winners of several $5,000 stakes, come together.There will be Tenara, the Kentuckymare that has won three stakes of$10,000 each, one of $12,000, and has.been second in the M. & M., alsoworth $10,000; Lord Dewey, winnerof two $10,000 events and second in.one; also Reusens, that defeated Tenara for the M. & M. in one of themost sensational rfaces tha t wasever seen on any track. In additionto these the field will contain Marigold 2:076 and Dago 2:09, botb$5,000 stake winners; Lady Grattanthat has been second in a $10,00stake; Tommy Horn, that has likewise been second, and Uncle Biff, avery fast horse, also a stake winner.In a word this race will be essentia)lya contest amongst stake horses of thehighest class, for in addition to theabove we find among the entriesBright Axworthy, Peter McCormickVaster, Kid Cupid and Dan Patch.The Kentucky Trotting HorseBreeders' Association has certainlyput its right foot foremost for theopening day, for in addition to thisrace it has carded also the Futurityfor two-year-olds, for which sixteenof the best youngsters of theyear, including the sensational trio, PeterVolo, Lady Wanetka and AbdellaWatts, are eligible. (adv)jDMDito- ntALTH LEAGUETO MEET THURSDAY.The Babies' Health League wiltmeet Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock:at the residence of th ProciManfMrs. Wade H. Whitley, on Vine----w. ..uuui ttlc cALuuueu a cordially invited to attend the meeting.LEXINGTON ATTORNEY INDICTEDIN FRANKLIN CIRCUIT COURTJ. A. Edge, a Lexington attorney,was indicted by the- Franklin countygrand jury Satnrday for false swearing as the result of an affidavit Tiefiled in the damage suit of Kate S.Payne against the Louisville & Nashville railroad company, in which hecharged that in a former case inwhich he was tried at Georgetown,Judge R. L. Stout allowed a mob totake possession of The court roomand the defendant and abuse and intimidate him and threaten to hangnim.SOLE AGENTS.We are sole agents in Paris for thefamous "Belle Meade Sweets,' thekest box candies in the world. Atrial box will make you a regular customer. Received fresh every week.l(23-2t) VARDEN & SON.fREQUEST THAT ACCOUNTS' " IB(E RENDERED PROMPTLYThe management of the W . W.Massie Memorial Hospital makes the,request that all accounts against the,institution be rendered promptly -by ,the first of each, month to the Super- .intendent.1,THE BOURfeON NEWS, PARIS, KY., SEPTEMBER 30, 1913 "lt3N'!KAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADESEED WHEAT, RE AND jTIMOTHY.Ohio Fultz Seed Wheat,Northern Seed Rye, fancyquality Timothy Seed.We have large stocks ofthe above at market prices.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(19-4t)NEAT SUM REALIZEDFROM BOX SUPPERZtfiss Lillian Mason, who has chargeof the school at Spears' Mill, gave ahox supper Friday night at the schoolfrom which the sum of $57.05 wasrealized. Mr. Arch Bedford acted asauctioneer. A most enjoyable eve-,ning was spent.WANTED.A man between the ages of 25 and.50, married, who can give good reference to represent insurance company. Salary and commission.He must be a hustler. Address,P. O. Box 296, Paris, Ky.WALKING SHOES INTAN AND GUN METALLadies, let us fit you with English.alking shoes in tan and gun metalGEO. McWILLIAMS.SEVEN GIRLS ESCAPE FROM -STATE REFORM SCHOOL.Seven girls, inmates of the Kentucky Reform School, at Lexington,escaped Sunday afternoon, but werefound by the authorities hiding in acornfield back of the girls' dormitory.The male inmates frequently escape from the institution, bnt this isthe first time for a long period inwhich a considerable number of girlshave attempted to get away in abody.SEE McWILLIAMS' FALL SHOES.We sell the "Baby Doll" shoes.GEO. McWILLIAMS.A SPECIAL LINE AT $25.Beautiful patterns, hand-tailoredsuits and overcoats at this price,which every man can afford, and getmeuch better service fromJ. W. DAVIS & CO. 1RICHMOND HIGH SCHOOOLELEVEN LOSES TO PARIS.The first game of football of theseason was play at "White Park Fridayfternoon between the team from theRichmond High School and the ParisHigh School team, resulting in thedefeat of the visitors by a score of25 to 0.The Paris line-up was as follows:center, Arnsparger; left tackle, "Mitchell; left guards, Smith and Letcher;left end, Horton; right guard, Adair;right tackle, Batterton; right end,Brannon and Connell; full back, Link;left half back, Laving right half back, jSlicer; center and captain, Freidman; jreferee, Lancaster; time keeper, W."O. Stackhouse and T. A. Hendricks.FALL OPENINGGas Stoves and Ranges. YvTatch fordate.(26-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.CALLED MEETING OFPARIS LODGE TONIGHTA called meeting of the Paris lodgeNo. 2, F. & A. M., will be held Tuesday, September 30, At 8 p. m. AllMaster Masons are invited to attendand meet the following distinguishedvisitors: M. W. Joseph H. Ewalt,Grand Master; R. W. Orie S. Ware,Deputy Grand Master; R. W. Geo. B.Winslow, Grand Senior Warden; R.W. C. J. Adams, Grand Junior Warden; W. Miles H. H. Davis, GrandSenior Warden; W. James C. Rogers,Grand Marshall, and other officers ofthe Grand Lodge of Kentucky.The fellowcraft Degree will be conferred. A social hour willfollowtheexercises during which light refreshments will be served.The meeting will be held at theElks' Hall.NOW'S THE TIMEBuy your wall paper now. You willsave big money by doing so.J. T. HINTON.EVERY WEEK A FASHION WEEK.At our storeat all times you willfind fashionable fixings for men.Right now fashionable suits, over;. coats and hats.J. W. DAVIS & CO.SUSPECTS OF BURGLARYDISCHARGED IN CARLISLE.Nathan Ramey, a young white man,of Millersburg, this county, BruceRice and John Garrett Williams, twonegroes, of Carlisle, wtio were heldby the Nicholas county court to to theCircuit Court on a charge of burglary, were all discharged by order ofCircuit Court after the Nicholas,county grand jury had dismissed thecases against them. They werecharged with breaking into the storeof James Archdeacon & Sons in Carlisle as the result of a confessionmade by Robert Young, 15-year-oldcolored boy, of Nicholas county, whois still in custody, charged with burglary. Robert Neal, alias Robert Fisher, of Heuryville, charged in the examining court with taking moneyfrom the safe of H. C. Metcalfe, wasalso dismissed by the grand jury.SHOES FOR THE CHILDRENSchool shoes, we sell them theaSest made.GEO. McWILLIAMSSOCIAL AND PERSONMrs. Gus Margcen is visiting relatives in Cincinnati.Mr. Douglas Embry has returnedfrom a protracted stay in Chicago.Air. George Ellis returned Fridayfrom a short stay at Hot Springs,Mr. Harry Stamler has returnedfrom a two weeks' stay at Martinsville, Ind.Mr. and Mrs. Tom Rice, of Maysville, spent Sunday with Mr. and Mrs.Jas. Doty.Mrs. Jas. McClure left Sundayafternoon for Boston, Mass., to spendthe winter.Mr. R. K. McCarney has returnedfrom a visit to Mr. Oscar Mitchellin Chattanooga, Tenn.Mrs. L. B. Purnell has returnedfrom a visit to her sister, Mrs. LeeBarbour, near Louisville.Miss Annie Talbott, daughter ofMr. and Mrs: R. C. Talbott, is ill ather parents' home near Austerlitz.Mrs. J. D. Bruer and daughter,Miss Louise Brewer, have moved fromMrs. George W. Ellis' to Mrs. JamesMcClure's for he winter.Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Wagers, ofCincinnati, will spend the week withMr. and Mrs. Joe Houston,Mrs. Amne Prichard and Mr. JeffElgin, Jr., motored to Danville, Sunday, and visited Mr. Thos. Prichard.Mr. Prichard accompanied themhome.The following party from thiscity left .Friday for an auto trip toMammoth Cave: Mises Kate Alexander, Sallie Lockhart, Messrs.Catesby Spears and Buckner Woodford. The party returned Sundaynight.Mr. and Mrs. I. D. Thompsonand Mr. I. D. Thompson, Jr., and Mr.and Mrs. Swift Champ motored toDanville, Sunday, and were the guestsof Misses Sarah Thompson and Frances Champ, at the Kentucky Collegefor Women.Prof. W. O. Stackhouse, of Richmond, a former member of the facultyof the Paris High School, was a visitor in Paris Friday and the guest offriends. Prof. Stackhouse accompanied the Richmond High School football team to this city.Messrs. Allen Ashbrook, of Lexington, and Trigg Davidson, of Glasgow, who have been guests at thehome of Eld. and Mrs. W. E. Ellis,left Sunday evening for Annapolis,Md. to reenter the Naval Academy,where they will bem embers of thesenior class this year, graduatingnext June.The following handsomely engraved invitations have been receivedin Paris:"Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Stanton Byars invite you to be present at themarriage of their daughter Miss Elizaabeth, to Mr. William Talbott O'Neillon Wednesday evening the eighth ofOctober, one thousand nine hundredand thirteen, at eight o'clock, Simpsonville, Kentucky. At home afterNovember the first, Frederica Hotel,Little Rock, Arkansas."The Paris Literary Club willhold its first program meeting of theyear Wednesday afternoon, Oct. 1, at2:30 o'clock. Two papers will beread, the first on "Altrinsic Work,"among Club Women, by Mrs. Wm.Myall, and the second on "MunicipalOwnership," by by Miss Blanche Lilleston, but the principal feature of themeeting will be the address on"Ethics of Wealth," by Rev. W. E.Ellis. Every member of the club isasked to be present.Mrs. Jesse Turney was hostess tothe member of the Six-Hand EuchreClub Thursday afternoon at her attractive country home on the Maysviile pike. Upon the arrival of theguests at noon a delicious lunch wasserved, after which a number ofgames were enjoyed by the followingwho compose the club: Mrs. Benjamin Woodford, Mrs. W. L. Yerkes,,Mrs. Amos Turney, Mrs. CatesbyWoodford, Mrs. J. T. Vansant, Mrs.Warren Rogers, Mrs. Laura Wiggins,Mrs. B. A. Frank, Mrs. Hugh Montgomery, Mrs. E. F. Clay, Mrs. J. C.Ball, and Mrs. Jesse Turney. MissCharlina Ball, the attractive daughterof Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Ball, punchedthe tallies.Mr. and Mrs. Porter Jett gave anelegant dinner at their home in EastParis Friday in honor of the eightiethbirthday of the former. Among theguests for the occasion was Mrs. Sallie Scott, of Harrison county, Mr.Jett's only surviving sister, who iseighty-five years of age. Other guestsin attendance were: Mr. and Mrs. W.P. Jett, Millersburg; Mr. and Mrs. T.O. Jett, and "daughter, and Mr. Chas.Jett, of Cincinnati; Mrs. Anna MastinSylvandell; Mrs. J. W. Scott, Ewing;Mr. and Mrs. Frank Scott, ShadyNook; Mrs. Vernia Wrenn, Maysville;Mr. and Mrs. D. E. Fisher and Mrs.Claude Fisher, of Cynthiana; Mrs. J.R. Fisher, Millersburg; Mrs. CarriePryor and Mrs. Willard Huffman, ofGeorgetown; Mr. and Mrs. W. S.Robinson, Winchester; Mr. and Mrs.Joseph Varden, Mr. and Mrs. B. B.Marsh, and daughter, Miss KatherineMarsh, Mrs. Reynolds Becraft, of thiscity. Mrs. Marsh and Mrs. Becraftassisted Mrs. Jett in entertaining.Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraft, ofthis city, gave a beautiful dance atthe Country Club, near Lexington,Thursday evening, in honor of MissMary Geisreiter, of Pine Bluff, Ark.,who is the guest of relatives andfriends in Paris and Bourbon county.The attractive porches-and rooms 'ofthe club were beautifully decoratedfor the occasion with plants and flowers, and during the evening ices,cakes and lunch were served theguests. The dance was a pretty compliment to the attractive guest ofhonor, and one of the delightful autumn events at the club. Miss Hutchcraft was lovely in beautiful crepemeteor and chiffon, and receivingwith her was Miss Geisreiter, whowas beautifully gowned in whitecharmeuse brocaded in pink roses.Assisting were the hostess' parents,Mrr and Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, ofParis, Mis Elsie Dandridge, of Frankfort, Miss Jennie Caperton, of Richmond, Miss Kate Alexander and Mr.Reuben Hutchcraft, of Paris. Aboutseventy-five guests were present fromParis, Lexington, Richmond, Winchester and Frankfort.Miss Ruth Chambers entertainedat a delicious dinner party Fridayevening, the occasion being a birthday anniversary. Misses GertrudeSlicer and Ellen Henry were amongthe invited guests.Miss Flora Hill left this morningfor a business trip to Louisville.Mr. and Mrs. Carl Crawfordhave moved to the Tipton propertyMrs. J. T. Sharrard returned yesterday after a few Gays' visit in Cynthiana. Mr. J. E. Elvove returned ye3terday after several days' business tripto Cincinnati.Rev. A. S. Venable, of Millersburg, was the guest yesterday of Rev.Dr. B. M. Shive.Mr. and Mrs. S. K. Nichols returned last night from Canada, wherethey spent a month.Mrs. Lee Starke and Miss LizzieBurke have returned from a twoweeks' stay in Morristown, Tenn.Mr. and Mrs: Carl Robbins, ofWinchester, were guests of his mother at Little Rock several days lastweek.Mrs. J. D. Dunlap, of Dallas, Texas, who has been the guest of Mr.and Mrs. W. O. Hinton, has returned home.Gen. and Mrs. Louis Mussinonand Mrs. Rosa Flanders will attendthe opening of the Knights of Pythias Grand Lodge in Lexington today.Mr. Joe Grosche left last nightfor an extended trip in the East. Hewill attend the games of the world'schampionship series between NewYork and Philadelphia.Judge E. B. January attendedthe District Conference of the Methodist Church at Georgetown. JudgeJanuary was a delegate from theMethodist Church or this city.Brigadier-General James E. McCracken, of Newport, arrived yesterday to be the guest of Gen. and Mrs.Louis Mussinon? Gen. McCrackenwill attend the opening of the GrandLodge of the. Knights of Pythias inLexington, which begins today.Mr. Davis Hutchcraft has returned to Louisville after a visit tohis parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. P.Hutchcraft. Mr. Hutchcraft wascalled to Paris on account of the accident which his mother suffered afew days ago.Mr. John Mansfield, of Scottcounty, formerly of Bourbon, was avisitor in this city yesterday.GET READY FOR WINTERBlankets and Comforts.(26-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.FASHION WEEK FOR MOTHERSBoys' clothes in many differentmodels of Norfolks and plain coatsat $5 to $10. Overcoats ?5 to $15.See our fashion window display.J. W. DAVIS & CO.PRICE & CO. -WILL CLOSEDURING JEWISH HOLIDAYPrice & Co., clothiers, will beclosed all day Thursday, Oct. 2, onaccount of a Jewish holiday. Will beopen as usual Friday.MULES TAKEN UP.On the Steele pike one horse muleand one mare mule. Horse mulebay, and 16 hands high; had on ropehalter. Mare mule black with whitenose; very light around the legs.JAMES DUNCANE. T. phone 22, Home 3, Little RockExchange. (30-2t)Horse Estrayed.From my place on the Georgetownpike, a bay mare 11 years old, knoton one knee about the size of a henegg. Liberal reward for return orany information that will lead to herrecovery.(30-3t) JOHN' FUDOLD.LOST.Between Henderson street and Duncan avenue a shirt waist and pair ofgold cuff buttons. On cuff buttonswas. monogram "C. F. I." Reward ifreturned to News office.(23-3t)m99m99Try :Baldwin's Is :Golden Eagle i9! Brand iiSausage jAnd Open jKettleS Rendered Lard.7The Best on EarthMade byBaldwinBros.,Paris, KentuckyISPECIALS AT BUTLER'S.Rich American cut glass.Haviland & Co.'s fine china."Faultless" line of rubber goods."Beulane," the latest New Yorkcraze in face cream."Zoz," for tired or tender. feet.Tona Vita, to make you fresh andyoung.A full line of Blank Books, Tablets, etc.BUTLER'S(19-4t) Opp Court House.FLOWER STANDS.Solid Oak Mission Stands 35 centswhile they last.(26-tf) A. F. WKEELER & CO.Tobacco Insurance.23-4t ROXIE DAVIS.Close your eyesand listento the great artists singing onthe Victor and you'd reallythink the singers themselveswere actually in the room.That's how perfect theVictor is; that's why it isacknowledged the greatest ofall musical instruments. Itenables you to enjoy thevoices and music of theworld's greatest artists in alltheir beauty.Come in and hear the greatartists on the Victor and VictorVictrola you'll be surprised at thewonderfully clear, natural, tone.Victors $10 to $100. VictorVictrolas $75 to $250.DeugtiertBros.rJ. T.ViAnyv &-y.K i UkJ(IImJ. T. MINT0N'Wood MantelsiNew Fall Goods',Now Ready For YourInspection .'. .'. .After a three-weeks' search of the New York- andEastern markets, we are in a position to show you thelargest and best selected stock ever shownjoy us.See the beautiful new ideas inSilks, Dress Goods, Challies, Velvets, Corduroys, Dress Trimmings and Laces,Neckwear and many nove accesssories to make -your Falloutfit complete.Ask to see our non-shrinkable flannels for waists,shirts, &c.We are agents for the following good lines HendersonH Corsets, DeBevoise Brassieres, Wayne Knit Hosiery andB Eskay Kid Gloves.8 W. Ed Tucker.,giJUJii rxanmmwmwmmmammmwamimwmmmmmwa Just ReceivediWe Are Now Ready to Show YouThe Latest inFALL SHOES!Give us a Call and Look our Stock overBefore Going Elsewhere. Special Attention Given to Our Children's Department.Geo. Mc Williams,L Phones 301 The Shoe Man 1mmmmmmmmmmmmamiwmmmmmmJtHINTONJust ReceivedA BigNew Line ofComforts BlanketsCounterpanesPrice You DesireFine AssortmentAnd Best of AllYou Save MoneysE-SAVES YOU MONEYUndertakingv:i1 . ?i -,,vm-i iAI'iri $Ambulance"ffhTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, K NTUCKY SEPTEMBER 30. 1913.L. Sc N. TIME-TABLE.IN EFFECT ZVIAY 4,1913ftFINNY TENt M W MWU HH ? I dn k W imY&myrpim&"3Mfr i"-1ftr1HIHi'i 5fcfIIntHirkiruir1fif .134 Lexington, Ky., Daily 5.18am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.25 am7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except; Sunday 7.40 am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.22 am37 Cincinnati, O., Duily ., 9.50 am3 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 10.20 am12 Lexington, Kv. Daily 10.15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Da 10.24 am26 Lexington, Ky., wily Except Sunday 12.00 m25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pm138 Lexington, Ky.. Daily ' 3.33 pm38 KnoxvilletTenn.. Daily 3.25 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5.85 pm39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pm30 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6,06 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 am32 Jacksonville. Fla., Daily 6.18 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrains XDe-partNo. TOi 34 Cincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 am1 4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 7.50 an:10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.50 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.20 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily ' 10.29 am6 Maysville, K., Daily 12.05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '. . .12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.S3 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.4o pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.5G pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.58 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.23 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Dailv Except Sunday 6.20 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.35 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.55 pm31 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57 pmFm dfe O- i3?I3VtE5-irL:BIjiEJIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trains ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily ExceptSunda 7.41 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.30 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.5C pmTrains Depart! .. iitfo. TO37 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.44 an?1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday 9.53 am1 Frankfort, Ky Daily Except Sudv 5.54 pmHere Is the HogLexington, Ky.BOURBON REMEDY CO.,Enclosed find photo of hog that wascured of cholera with your BourbonHog Cholera Remedy. This hog wasalmost dead before using the medicineand then was entirely cured, exceptloss of ears, tail, etc. The hog iswned by Mr. Skiles Ewing, of Bawling Green, Ky. He will be glad togive you a testimonial, and we can getseveral more if you want them.JENKINS-SUBLETT DRUG CO.,Bowling Green, Ky.Ask Your Druggist for It.FOR SALE BY YV. T. BROOKS.The Woman's TonicFOB SALE AT ALL DRUGGISTSF4No matter whether the thermometerregisters 105 above or 25 below zero,Amalgamated Arc Roofingcan't be affects J. a particle.No matter tho curves or valleys ofyour roi ycu nc-J r;o tin to coverwhen shto cr mct:l iz need.We PinhoH 0 o r o-ii to refund the money. our Ituofm i3 r.ot yvii'y sutisfat tory.AllAiGARrATED HOOFING 'CO.Ch.Zc8.30. IllinoisSold by Millersburg Coal andLumbre Co.,, Millersbursr, ' Ky.I Are You a Woman? ICarduila-- ' -Juiem, i ta1 1:1:52 -.alcd ARC ROOFINGis very' jpliaLIo. It h the Perfect Roofing,3W t441&Sheriff's Sa0'80 iBOURBON QUARTERLY COURT.CONSOLIDATED CAUSES.The PowerGroce:y Co.,, - PlaintiffsVs.C. E. EndicottNHRK andWilliamson-Martin & Co.,Vs.C. E. Endicott, - - DefendantsPursuant to judgment and order ofsale entered in theabove styled causes,I will, onWednesday, October 1,191 3,?beginning at 10 o'clock a. m., at thestore room on West Main and 20thstreets, expose to public sale the entirestock of goods, consisting ofDry Goods, Groceries andHardwareThe above sale will be made to satisfythe plaintiff's debt, interest and cost,amounting on day of sale to 5359.75.TERMS Three months time, the purchaser to execute bond with atmrovedsurety. beariner6 oer cent, interest-, (mmi date of sale, or the purchaser may paycasn.A. S. THOMPSON,12-19-26 Sheriff Bourbon Countv.Sweet Clover.Seed for fall sowing, white and yellow cultivated biennial varieties, atfarmers' prices. Circular how togrow it. "Free."JOHN A. SHEBHAN,R. F. D. No. 4, Falmouth, Ky.(26-3t)FFEj For Grey, Faded, Dry, Lifeless and Falling Hair.No new, healthy hair can grow ifyour scalp is covered with Dandruff.Get rid of it at once with Hay's HairHealth. There is nothing so reliable,so sure to relieve the itching and irritation; to thoroughly cleanse the scalpof Dandruff. Get a bottle today, afew applications will remove Dandruffrestore the grey hair to its natural,youthful color and bring back the vitality, lustre and beauty to your hair.Hundreds of people write us every daythat Hay's Hair Health has been the2? eally satisfactory preparationthat they have ever used for Dandruffand grey hair.Your druggist will guarantee itFree: Sign this adv. and take it to thefollowing druggists and get a 50c. hot-e of MaY's air Health and a 25c.cake of Harfina Soap, for 50c; or $1.00DOttle Of Hav'fi TTaif TTaolf-k nA25c cakes of Harfina Soap Free, for $1.L. OBERDORFER, Druggist,Paris, Ky.dnhhiGERMSARERESPONSIBLSCIENTISTS SAY THEY DO IN ALIMITED WAY, JUST THE SAMEAS ALL LAND ANIMALS.CHANGE OF COLOR SAIDTO BE THE BEST INDEX.HAVE VIOLENT TEMPERS 'ANDFREQUENTLYF FIERCE -COMBATSENSUED AMONG MALES.(Chicago Tribune.)Fish have been referred to "asvoiceless and emotionless creatures,"but scientific investigation appears todemonstrate the fact that fishes, aswellx as land animals, are largelyswayed by the same emotions, andthat they, in a limited way, give expression thereto. Among such meansof expression may be mentioned theirhabit of erecting their scales of fins,when under the influence of danger orterror, pretty much in the sameway that feathers and hairs areerected in birds and animals.Inasmuch as fish have eyes withoutmovable eyelids, cheeks incrushedwith pony plates or covered with,hard scales and internal ears, onemay hardly expect to find specialexpressions, as of joy, pain, astonishment, etc., so well marked in thecase of the higher animals, whereinthe play of the features gives an insight into their emotions.In fish change of color is one ofthe best indexes to the emotions.When the fish is sick its color is aptto be faint, while in health the colorstands out vivid. One of the moststriking examples of the effect of theemotions on color is that of the stickelback. This fish shows a violenttemper. Indeed, it might be saidto swim about with a chip on itsshoulder. During the breeding seasonfierce combats among the males areof frequent occurrance. When fightinb their brilliant colors stand outwith extraordinary vividness, butupon the conclusion of the combatthe defeated one, his gay colors nowquite faded, seeks refuge among hismore peacecable companions.The parrot fishes are also noted fortheir pugnaciousness, and as in thecase of the stickelback, the colorchanges are extraordinarily noticeable. So far from being "voiceless" fishesin the case of .more than 300 species,are known to produce sound. TheSciaenidate are probably the best examples. These fishes, which are called "migres," emit sounds having aduration of about twenty-five seconds,and also various tones, usually degenerating into a mere humming,either from excess of want of intensity. When these fish are traveling in schools the sounds" given outby them may be heard from adebth of twenty fathoms. More thanonce it has been suggested that thestory of the sirens had its origin inthe utterances of schools of thesefish.When captured the shad, or hosemackerel, the globe fish, the grunt,the big fish and the hog fish all emitsounds resembling the grunt of a pig;while one, the species known alongthe Atlantic Coast "the croker"its name from the croke it giveswhen taken into a boat. The barbeland the carp also croke when takenfrom the water.There is a species of Tetrodoncalled "seafrog" by the natives ofMalahar on account of the noise itmakes when captured. The red gurnard has been dubbed the "seaback"by reason of its crowing, while another species is called the "piper" fora similar reason."The armado," a siluroid found inthe Rio Parana, is most remarkablefor the harsh grating sound it emitswhen caught with hook and line. I issaid that this noise can hp honrfldistinctly while the fish is yet be-neatn tne surface."Thre is a fish of the Tagus, theCorvian nigra, that emits sounds resembling the vibrations of a deeptoned bell, gong, or pedal pipe of anorgan. Sea herrings, when the nethas been drawn over them have beenobserved to do the same, and similaraccounts are givenof the freshwaterbullhead of our own waters.An amphibious silouroid fish, Clarias macracanthus, is said, on beingtaken into hand, to squeal andshriek, and certain of the blenniesemit similar sounds. In the Gulf ofMexico the big Jawfish breaks thestillness of the night and the waterswith his sonrous "boom! boom!"In the old Roman days the muraenas, or sea eels, were supposed tobe possessed of a "language" "lowand sweet," it is denominated by oneancient writer, "and with an intonation so fascinating that few could resist its influence." The EmperorAugustus, it was contended, was theonly mortal who could understandthis "language." "Formerly it was believed that fishcould not hear, "since they had noears," but anatomists have provedthat these creatures have, indeed, organs of hearing, though not externalones. Inasmuch as water is of agreater destiny than the atmospherethe sound uttered in water do notpenetrate it readily, and, unlessthey are sufficiently loud to producewell-defined vibrations, are not apt tobe heard by fishes unless theyshould chance to be close to the surface. It is probable that most of the fishcannot distinguish differences of tone,as in the case of animals on land.There are well-authenticated instances of fish responding to noise in theatmosphere, a fact that would seemto indicate that certain finny tribesare possessed of a better developmentof sense of hearing than otheres.Many writers have described thefish's Invp nf mnenp nnri Pnnnintthe naturalist, has given an account' of how he caused a school of shadto dance to his fiddling. It is saidThere are ways and ways to econlomize. Some do without; some buy inferior articles..Others make a better use. of the money they spend.And that is the kind of economy we want totalk about.Did you ever figure out how much your heat cost you?Do you know that 95 per cent of the ordinary heatingstoves utilize only half of the heat that is in the coal?Do you realize what this wasted half costs you?Utilize that lost half and you will make a real saving and get'more heat in the bargain.Every stove with numerous air leaking joints wastes jmore available heat than the stove originally cost. That'!MmIS3wilKlu1 .ljpm ttjty vs7Law -v ?w5wxThe stove that radiates a constant and steady heat from, t"either soft coal, hard coal or lignite.The stove in which the fire is never out. - - -;The stove that saves its cost in fuel each winter. "TThe stove that lets no gas or smoke escape into the room. - ? ' ,The stove that gives you every atom of heat that is in your coal.In fact, the only stove that is absolutely efficient perfect in construction perfectin operation.Wc sell it under a broad guarantee to do all these things.Come in and See It. You Will Be Delighted.E. cTW. WHEELERFURNITURE CO."Robneel" Building, Corner Eighth and cTVIainSee the name Cole's" onper FML0AS5!cent. $woo to $100,000W. KING & SON,125' Cheapsldc. Lexington, KyCANCER CUREDJ I guarantee every case I un 5dertake; 20 years practice; ref- Jerence, any citizen of Paris. J1 DR. WM. R. SMITH, JParis, Ky. Sthat the German Calpe"a finta evincesthe greatest delight in musicalsounds. Fishermen, therefore, fas-ten to the nets bows of .wood, towhich are suspended a number ofsmall bells, which chime in harmonyas the nets are swayed to and fro.The fish are thought thus to be luredto their capture, and that as long ashe sweet notes endure, they cannotescape. A similar method is employed in the Danube Kiver in the caseof another species of fish.How to get more foryour money.That's thewaste is the gas portion ofgoes up the chimney in themiv it nrnnprlv with airr r J .immense amount of otherwise.iJUl 11 J.VVJU11WO O. OIUVV Ul OUOV,lttl UllJLlUllUU. JLU imust be a stove that is scientifically and mechanicallyf" perfect. It must be a stove that has no air leaks. ,That stove isol sHot BlastHeaterThe stove that absolutelyThe stove that burns thethe feed door of each stove.LOST,Between Henderson street and Duncan avenue a shirt waist and pair ofgold cuff buttons. On cuff buttonswas monogram "C. F. I." Reward ifreturned to News office.(23-3t)Dogs are made use of to haul lightarticles in the Belgian army and are'being experimented with by the Holland army.rub.X -your coal and the heat that Iordinary stove. Save the gashnrn if snr? vnn Hpvflnn anJwasted heat.. .:1controls your fire.gases wasted by other stoves- jt 4LaSy4r r -s,None genuine without itFOR SALE.Twenty-four pairs inside shutterswhite. Sold cheap if disposed of atonce. Apply to(19-3t) SWIFT CHAMPFOR SALE.One new Moore's Heating Stove,(19-4t) NEWTON MITCHELI'Originali iiTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARISKENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1913.3FRESHelons ongStrinFresh TomatoesEvergreenPeachesLUCantaloupesBeansSweet PeasCorncumbers SquashAll Fresh and NiceizBoiled and Minced HamGrocery CompanyKellerTHE FARMERS OFUNITED STATESDo .Not .Properly Balance Nation'sRations.tBBag laeaBEa bb ewiMiH shu i iiiwiiiwwm the Lamp Oil that JW Saves Eyes 4NURSING SERVICE OF STATETUBERCULOSIS COMMISSIONNothing is more important in, thehome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by Retting the oil that burnsclear and clean without a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Costs no more than the inferiortankwagon oils saves MONEY savesWORK saves eves.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Chas. C. Stoll Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "No Carb"Auto Oil.W. N. Barkley !. Mrs. W. N. BarkleyWoman's Exchange & CafeZ Ui.llZLK. Upper Street,.l.exinston. KentuckyHoine-made Cakes, Breads, Pies, Candies, Croquetts, Salads, Pickles, ChowChow, Ftc, received fresh daily.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Supper; also lunches and short orders at allhours with the best the market affords.v(28mar6mo)The man in charge of the tuberculosis exhibit, sent by the State Commission to various fairs in the State,was awakened early one morning bya drayman."I wish you would get up and tellme about this exhibit you have. Mywife died with tuberculosis a coupleof years ago, and, naturally, I amworried about myself and the children. One of them is very delicate.I was always told that you inherited.the disease and that when you got it,' it couldn't be cured. Lately somebody said that that is not true, andI would give pretty near anything, to find out what I have got to do toprotect my children."Naturally, when he heard that thedisease is not inherited, but is caughtfrom other consumptives, that it canbe cured when found early and that,best of all, it can be prevented byproper living, he went away muchmore cheerful.The State Commission has sincesent into that county a nurse, whois to remain two months, and givefree instruction to any person, orfamily needing it, in the best methodsof caring for the sick in their homes,and in the ways of self-guardingthemselves from attacks of the preventable diseases particularly consumption. The salary of such a nurse is paidby the State Commission, and herother expenses must be borne by thelocality. If any Health League, orTuberculosis Association, or MedicalSociety, or Fiscal Court, of anycounty, desires for two months theservices of such an expert nurse, theCommission will be glad to receive anapplication for such assistance, andwill send a nurse wherever possible.M. A. CAHAL.Barber Shop.First-Class Workmen.'Polite and Prompt Attentionto All.Hot and Cold BathsWe Thank You' For a Share oYour Patronage.COSTLY TREATMENT."1 was troubled with constipationand Indigestion and spent hundredsof dollars for medicine and treatment," writes C. H. Hines, of Whitlow,Ark. "I went to a St. Louis hospital,also to a hospital in New Orleans, butno cure was effected. On returninghome I began using Chamberlain'sTablets, and worked right along. Iused them for some time and am nowall right." Sold by all dealers.(August)Secretary Daniels rejected the bidsof the Midvale, Carnegie and Bethlehem Steel Companies for armor plateand says they must furnish productionfigures to justify their prices.SAFEST LAXATIVE FOR WOMEN.4 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDepositsYour Deposits Are GuaranteedYOUTAKE NO RISKSIf You Are InterestedWrite UsNearly every woman needs a goodlaxative. Dr. King's New Life Pillsare good because they are prompt,safe, and do not cause pain. Mrs. M.C. Dunlap, of Leadill, Tenn.. savs:i "Dr. King's New Life Pills helped mytrouoies greatly." Price 25c. Recommended by L Oberdorfer and W. T.Brooks. (Sept)DISTANT OBJECTS VISIBLEFOR EIGHTY-FIVE MILES.Truck Replaced Thre Teams:?ONION STATE BANKMuskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000Fully PaidProfessional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones jl-( E. T. 334.7(New York Press.)Contrary to the general belief thatthe heliograph virtually is an instrument for signaling short distances, ithas been used between London andBrighton, a distance of 70 miles.But this necessarily was on an exceptionally clear day with an intensesun-light.This instrument, which for morethan half a century has been foundof benefit in army tactics, is designedto pass in the near future to oblivionJ as the result of the invasion of thewireless telegraph.The heliograph is nothing more thana mirror on which trie sun's rays arecaught and by whrch they are reflected. The flashes can be thrownin any direction desired and the telegraphic Morse code generaal is used.Apart from signaling, the distanceat which objects can be discerned bythe eye depends on two things theirheight' and the clearness of the air.The most conspicious object in theBritish Isles is Mt. Snowdon, in"Wales, which on a clear day can bedistinctly seen from Bray Head,County Wicklow, a distance of no lessthan 85 miles. Snowdon can also beseen a long way off. Boston "StumD"By Peter Radford, Texas Farmers'Union.Fort Worth, Texas, Sept.21. Theproblem that confronts the Americanfarmer next in importance to distribution is diversification, for what isneedd is as necessary information tothe farmer as where it is needed.Many States and countries boast oftheir powers of diversification, butvery few of them exercise it. In thisarticle I shall use Texas to illustratecodintions which exist in all otherStates.I have before me a balance sheetof Texas production prepared by theTexas Commercial Secretaries andBusiness Men's Association, showingthat out of thirty-three agriculturalproducts which we produce, and ofwhich we also consume, we have asurplus production in only twoc, ottonand rice. We lead all other States inthe Union in production of cattle, yetour live stock statistics show a netloss in consumption over productionof $2,000,000 per annum, due to heavyconsumption of pork and other meatproducts which are shipped in fromother States. What is true of Texasapplies with local variation to allStates and to the. Nation as a whole.Texas Clones the World But BuysBread From Other States.Our civilization has charged Texasfarmers with the responsibility ofclothing twenty per cent, of the populaion of the globe, but the burden ofproviding raiment for 300,000,000 people is not a valid excuse for our begging bread from door to door of ourneighboring States. I hold that every farmer should live at home. Wecan and should, as a rule, produceon the farm all the things we consume, as well as supply home markets, and when this is done, wehave made rapid progress towardeliminating waste and inefficiency inliving. As farmers, we must studythe pantry of our community and nation and see that its wants are supplied. Empty Shelves in Nation's LarderThe farmers of the Unitied Statesdo not properly balance the Nation'srations. Our farmers cultivate largerareas and produce larger quantities ofproducts per capita than the peopleof any other Nation on the globe. Welive in waste and luxury and send asurplus of over a billion dollars ofagricultural prodcts per annum to foreign lands, and without our exportsthe world would go hungry and shiverwith cold. We export 10,675,000 balesof cotton, 40,000,000 bushels of corn,30,000,000 bus. wheat; live stock andits products $186,000,000 and miscellaneous products valued at $297,000,000 per annum. But notwithstandingthe enviable record of the Americanfarmer as a producer, the Nation'slarder has empty shelves, as well asthose that overflow.We call upon foreign countries forapproximately a quarter of a billiondollars of agricultural products annually -which can and should beraised in the United States. I willmention a few of them: Vegetables$18,000,000, itemized as follows: Potatoes $7,000,000; canned vegetables$5,000,000; beans $1,857,000; peas $1,.516,000; onions $1,234,000; othervegetables $1,726,000. In dairy products we imported last year $10,030,000 as follows: Uheese $8,807,000;cream $924,000; butter $237,000 andmilk $62,000. In sujar and molassesour imports reached $116,000,000. Inmiscellaneous products our rice imports are valued at $5,000,000.; tobacco $31,000,000; liquor $21,000,000;currants $1,500,000; grapes $2,331,000;lemons $3,369,000; olives $2,303,000;dates $537,000; figs $935,000; miscellaneous $2,000,000.I will .repeat that I have listedonly our agricultural imports whichshould be raised in the United States.I now want to discuss a few ofthese products- with which I am personally familiar. While these vegetables were being imported in theUnited States and sold at fancy prices, better qualities of the same products in many instances were rottingon the ground for want of a market.To my personal knowledge, carloadsof beans and peas were left unpickedm the gardens of the Rio Grande Valley; and tons of onions in fields ofSouthwest Texas for want of a market. Each individual item in the listis a challenge to our system of distribution and proves the wisdom ofCongress in appropriating funds for amarket bureau.The American farmer has solvedthe problems of production and he isnow confronted with the question ofmarketing his products. While , he isselling staple articles on a gluttedmarket and his perishable productsfoul the air with stench for want ofa buyer, the consumer is improvinghis supply abroad or living in want.yIn eleven months this three-ton KisselKar Truck covered in actual service4,760 miles at a fuel cost of $1.08 per day. Manned by a driver and one helper,it replaced three teams of horses. The average daily burden was 37 17.20thsnst carried an average load of four tons one ton overload but in the entire period named, was laid up only two and one-half hours for repairs."We can recommend the KisselKar Truck and assure that it lives up to itsguarantee," writes Thomas E. Fleischer, manager of the Sheboygan Lime Works.Two and one-half hours for repairs, carrying over 37 tons per day is a record worthyof notice. KisselKar Trucks cost little to maintain and are economical to operate becausethe problem is solved in KisselKar construction.Note these striking KisselKar features Simpla engine easy to operate reserve powerexcess capacity differential lock preventing one drive wheel absorbing all the power onslippery places, and stalling the truck four speed transmitters gea ed up fourth speedpermitting high speed when desired without racing engine ; 15 to 20 per cent, lower fuelconsumption than average trucks light spring suspension for power plant, heavy springsuspension for load gauge that weighs load greatest accessibility easy control largerbrake drums, and extra powerful brakes special bodies designed to meet every need.JCisselJCciar0rucko1 500 lbs.-1 -2-3-4 and 5 TonsIn the range of capacity, 1500 lbs. to 5 tons, you can find just the type that fills yourrequirements and with the KisselKar Truck goes the KisselKar Service, which ;js themanufacturer's guarantee of satisfaction.KisselKar Service means taking off your hands all of the mechanical details.A special service building is maintained in this city for the benefit of KisselKar owners.The KisselKar service is a broad and comprehensive arrangement between manufacturer andowners that cares for the car, maintains efficiency, retards depreciation and minimizes upkeep. This service is a valuable consideration in the purchase of a power wagon. Investigate it.Ask us to analyze your present horse haulage ss compared to motor haulage. The result will be interesting.Send for free book showing KisselKar TrucksIiiTactual use in your line and many otherlines of business. "The Following Lines ofibusiness HaveRecentIybought Kissel-Kar TrucksIron and Steel, Lumber, Textile, Milling, Giocery, Dry Goods, Dairy, Furniture, Fruit, Commission, Transfer, Bus, Hotel, Caterer. Brewery, Building Supplies, Contracting, Plumbing, Canning, Oil, Telephone,laundry, Bakery, Confectionery, Ice, Coal, Farming, Hardware, Ice Cream, Creamery, Produce, Crockery, Undertaking and to municipalities in Fire, Health and Police departments. We make them to suittheneeds of'any business.1 PhcO. R. HUKLE,Phone 21 05.51 3 West Main Street,Lexington,i,E,KyJSCIENTIFIC RESEARCH REVEALSMETHUSELAH ONLY 79 YEARS.mM9t999Q9999A workman found on a sidewalkin London a string of fifty-one pearlsnearly the whole of a $650,000 necklace which was stolen July 16 while inthe tower of the fine old church attransit "Y mail from Paris.Boston, Lincolnshire, is visible fromResidenceHome 334.DR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - - Kentuckyj. wiMjIaius,Room 1 Elks isuiiaiae.Jthe Leicestershire Hills, quite 40 milesaway.From the top of tne famous 'Blackpool Tower you can on a clear daycatch a glimpse of the mountain ofSanefell, in the Isle of Man. The distance is a good 60 miles.In Mexico the air is said to beclearer than anywhere else in theworld. At any rate, it is the onlycountry where aview extending to 200miles can be obtained'. By climbingto the top of the Sierra Mountainsthe lonely peak of Mt. Sparta can beseen. It would take four hours byexpress train to reach it.Chicago Tribune.)How old was Methuselah? Ninehundred and sixty-one years of agewhich, from our earliest youth, wehave been accustomed to assign thepatriarch. Scientific research abroadhowever, has reduced these imposingfigures to seventy-eight and threequarters years.The experts point out that therehas already existed a certain amountof doubt, even among orthodox believers, in the literal truth of the Bible concerning the great age to whichthe patriarchs attained. Many theories have been evolved to reduce thebiblical records of this kind to something near the alloted span of man.It has been surmised that, in theearliest times, the month the period of a moon cycle was called ayear. Thus, Adam's 930 years of lifecalculating a year at 29 and one-halfdays, the length of a lunar month,works out to 75 and one quarteryears. Alter the month year therewould appear to have come a fivemonth year, the limit of five beingderived from the figures on one hand,it being remembered that primativepeoples always used the figures forpurposes of calculation. Then camethe twelve-month year.Ground for this rearrangement isalleged to be given in the psalmist'slimit of life of three score and tenyears. Furthermore, it is maintained that, between the times of Noahand David, no such extraordinarychange could have taken place as toreduce the life of man by eleventwelfths. On the five-month year basis Abraham's 175 years shrinks to72 and Isaac's 180 to 74.It may be as it is also pointed out,that there intervened a six-monthyear, discovered by Jacob whilewatching Laban's flocks. Thus, Jacob's 147 years worked out at about73. The 12-month year began withthe Egyptians, who saw that a com-The profession of prompter is morei "years," in one of which the dayswere longer than the nights and inthe order of which the nights Werelonger than the days.It is a curious fat that the Christians and the Jews years will notforever be separated, for, in duecourse of time, Rosh Hashona willfall due at Christmas time andthen catch up the Christian vear.isuited to women than to men, as theirvoices carry better across the stageand are less audible in the auditorium.GOOD REASON FORHIS ENTHUSIASMWhen a man has suffered for several days with colic, diarrhoea orother form of bowel complaint and isthen cured sound and well by one ortwo doses of Chamberlain's Colic,Cholera and Diarrhoea Remeby, as isoften the case, it is but natural thathe should be enthusiastic in his praiseof the remedy, and especially is thisthe case of a severe attack when lifeis threatened. Try it when in need ofsuch a remeby. It never fails, Soldby all dealers. (Aug)To Bicycle Owners:Is Your Bicycle Sick ?If so, bring it to J. ELVOVE, and he willcure it at a very small cost and will guaranteehis work to give satisfaction or no pay. Wehave engaged an expert mechanic to do thiswork. We carry a full line of all kinds ofRepairs and Supplies.Bicycles to suit your!pocketbook.J. ELVOVE,Paris, KentuckyOur Call Home Phone 360VERY LOW RATESTO THE WEST.The Missouri Pacific is offeringvery low rates to California, Idaho,Nevada, Utah, Western Clorado, NewMexico, Western Texas, Arizona, Oregon and Washington. Tickets soldSeptember 25th to October 10th, inclusive. For complete informationregarding rates, through free chairand sleeping car service, address J.A. Steltemkamp, G. A. P. D., 204Traction Building, Cincinnati, O.All of It.Nurse (to young doctor) Your practice is waiting, sir? Shall I showhim in?AdministratorsSaleOFLAIN D!This, hbwever, will not occur for 30,000 years.COSTLY TREATMENT.Two Extremes In Life.The saddest thing in the world isto feel that we are alone; the bestthing in the world is to feel that weare loved and needed. A. C. Benson."I was troubled with constipationand indigestion and spent hundreds ofdollars for medicine and treatment,"writes C. H. Hines, of Whitlow, Ark."I went to a St. Louis hospital, also ahospital in New Orleans, but no curewas affected. On returning home Ibegan taking Chamberlain's Tablets,and worked right along. I used themfor some time and am now all right."Sold by all dealers. (Aug)When you feelZa:vous. tired, worried or despondent it is asure sign yoa need MOTTS NERVERINEr ILLS. They renew tne normal vigor anamake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMotft Nervcrme Pills fnSVhULLAMS MFG. CO., Prep... ClevekwL OML. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky...As Administrator or James Dentem,I will sell, on the premises, on ik&Ruddels Mills pike, two miles from.Paris, on ,Monday, October 11, 1913,At 10 o'clock, a. m., the following:About twenty acres of land, including orchard of twelve acres; goframe dwelling; cistern; stable aidall necesstary outbuildings.TERMS Made known on day offJ. L. DENTON,Administrator,Either phone 140. Paris, Ky.(26-td)The chairman of the canary bird-group of an ornithological society i-I Germany rejoices in this title, wkickornaments his Yisiting card: "KamarienvogelzuchttereinsYorstand,"a-rrtr- -,. e-, .SftJIk, --&1IWii'ffli fitTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,Use Certified CheekThe Coffee with a pleasing aroma.Try it to-day. Use it always. Torsale by all grocers. Save thecoupons.fiitiumMimmmMiHttMMcttitMMCoffee!mV I1ft.I."ViSiftirjiOpeningof their larger store in its new location,Seelbach Hotel BuildingAn invitation is cordially extended you 'Oct. 2,3,4HOURS--10 a. m. to 10 p. m.To Viefv the Largest and Most Comprehensive Collection of Diamonds, PreciousStones, Jewelry and silverware Ever Displaj'ed in Louisville. TheProducts of This and European Countries.Established 182S Send For CatalogueLARGE POTATOES RAISEDBY MR. JOHN SAUERIvlr. John Sauer, the grocer, has ondisplay at his store, a potato of theStrasburg variety wnich weighs fivepounds. The potato was raised onthe farm of Mr. Sauer, near this city.PICKLES, PICKLES.We haav everything to make livinggood cucumbers, peppers, cauliflower, cider vinegar, and the best of.spices.C. P. COOK & COA mptor tank boat being built inGermany for the Standard Oil Company, with a capacity of 15,000 tons.N.BJ gy' ''.""r'jWi f&W W93P V ill ilmtVwf TrmffJP 5SIOffer You Now the GREATEST OPPORTUNITY of the Season For PurchaseofiYour Footwear Supply For the Family.The season for us is fast drawing to a close. We must clean out the few pairsMen's Women's and Children's Shoes to make room for the enormous shipments ofthe factory of FALL GOODS.MEN, WOMEN and CHILDREN.t,tit9IDMessersJas. K. Lemon & SonIncorporatedv Announce the 'Formalee&eec'ALMANACS ON STICK FIRST.The etymology of this world hasbeen more disputed than that of anyother in the English language, andfrom the opininons expressed uponthes ubject, Vertegan's has been accepted as probable, though there cannot be the slightest doubt that theSaxons, from whom he obtaineds hisdeprivation, took their term fromthe Arabic. The Saxons, he says,"used to engrave upon certain squared sticks, about a foot in length, orshorter or longer, as they pleased,the courses of the moones for thewhole year, whereby they could always certainly tell when the newmoons, full moons, and changeshappen, as also their festival daies,and such carved sticks thev calledIan al-mon-aght; that is to say, al-Do Not MissOur Final Reductions on AllSUMMERFOOTWEAROur matchless organization, our unequalled purchasing powers, brings you thegreatest bargain opportunity.Sole Agents for FamousWALK-OVER-AND-BEACON SHOESTHE BEST FOR MONEY..A.ITmon-deed to wit, the regard or observation of all moones, and hence isderived the name of almanac.Richmond (Va.) public schools areto have daily Bible readings.!Administrator's Notice !All persons having claims againstthe estate of Susan Crump, deceased,are hereby notified to present saidclaims to the undersigned for payment, proven according to law. Notice is hereby given that such claimsnot so presented on or before January1, 1914, will be barred.JAMBS H. FISHER(301-t) Administrator.Mjnfln43jlthe OpportunityC0I:E3 3TNEWS OF MILLEOUftcMiss Ida May Ryan is ill with typhoid fever.Mrs. W. V. Huffman leaves todayfor a visit to her sister at Lebanon,Ind.Mrs. F. J. McDaniel left Mondayfor a visit to relatives at Nashville,Tenn.Mr. K. E. Spears, of the CentralHome Telephone Cro., was here onbusiness Friday.Misses Lydia and Bessie Butlerleave today for a visit to relatives inSummittsville, Ind.Miss Mattie Butler, who is teaching at Sharpsburg, was at home fromFriday until Monday.Miss Gertrude Patrick, of the M.F. C, visited her home at Paintsvillefrom Saturday to Monday.Mrs. Aaron .McConnell was theguest of Miss Nannie Gait at Maysvillefrom Saturday to Monday.Mr. 'Alfred Peed, of Mayslick,was the guest of his uncle, Mr. J. J.Peed, and family, Thursday.Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Goodman, ofLexington, were guests of relativeshere Friday and Saturday.Mrs. Clara Shanks and daughter,Mrs. Margaret Powell, left Sundayfor a visit to relatives at Cynthiana.Master Percy Auxier entertaineda number of his little friends Saturday afternoon with a watermelonparty.Mr. and Mrs. S. C. Bascom andlittle daughter, Sue, arrived Saturdayas guests of Mr. and Mrs. M.. CGrimes.Mesdames W. C. Metcalfe andRobert Rogers, of Carlisle, were theguests of Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Metcalfe Saturday.Mrs. O. W. Ingels entertainedwith a card party Friday afternoon in honor of Mrs. J. E. Johnson,of Pittsburg, Pa.Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Wilson leftFriday for a visit to their son anddaughter, Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Wilson, at Robinson.Mesdames Helen Forsyth andAlice Desha have returned to theirhomes at Paris after a few days'visit to their 'sister, Mrs. MaryWhaley.Elder and Mrs. C. 0. Cossaboomleft Monday for Montreal, Canada, toattend the international meeting ofthe Christian church, which will be insession in that city over next Sunday.Quite a number of the membersof Amity Lodge No. 40 F. & A. M.,will attend a meeting of Paris LodgeNo. 2 to meet Grand Master JosephEwalt and other officers of the GrandLodge.Mr. E. F. Patterson, who has beenenjoying a month's vacation, will return to his duties at the L. & N.office Wednesday. Mr. Stewart, whohas been filling his place during hisf(tosjr - fi .1-C. " v. lif 'Jf .-.' -feu MJfel-Jabsence, will leave today for hishome at Red House.Mrs. Katherine Carpenter returned Friday after a visit of severalmonths to her mother, Mrs. McNamara, at Grand Rapids, Mich.Miss Eva Henderson was calledto her home at Harrodsburg, Friday,on account of the illness of her mother. Her chair will be filled by MissVee Patterson during her absence.Mrs. W. T. Watts, son and daughter, Master Wallace Watts and Virginia Watts, were guests of Mr. andMrs. D. P. Jones from Friday untilMonday. They were en route fromCovington to their home at Mt. Sterling. The protracted meeting whichhas been in progress at the Christianchurch for the past two weeks closedSunday night. It was an interestingmeeting and Elder A. M. Cossaboom,who has been assisting his brother,Elder C. O. Cossaboom' in the meeting, is certainly a splendid speaker.An interest was manifested at theopening of the meeting which continued to grow until its close. Therewere 22 additions, 16 by confessionand 6 by letter. The sixteen werebaptized Friday night. Elder M. A.Cosaboom closed " his work Fridaynight and left Saturday for his homein Carmen, Indiana. During the twoweeks that he was with us he made anumber of friends who can neverforget him.Mr. and Mrs. TJ. S. G. Pepper returned from Huntington, W. Va.,Thursday, where they purchased ahandsome home, and expect to moveto it about Nov. 1. It is withmany regrets that we give up thisgood family. Mr. Pepper gives uphis charge as postmaster tonight, andliis successor, Mr. Jas. B. Cray, willtake charge of the office Wednesday.Mr. Pepper has occupied this position for the past twenty-seven monthsand has given thorough satisfaction.He has been one of the most efficientpostmasters that Millersburg has everhad, kind, courteous and accommodating. We are sure that Mr. Craywill prove a worthy successor, and heis the recipient of numerous congratulations. He will be assisted byMr. Sol Robertson, of Carlisle, a manof large postoffice experience, andthe work of disDatching the mailswill go on as efficiently as it has donebeforeTho Faculty Recital took placeat the 7,1. F. C, Monday at 8 p. m.The main part of, the program was incharge of ?Iicses Wisham, instructorin voice end Bascom, instructor in expression. Miss Best played the accompaniments. The program wasone of the best ever listened to inthe chapel. It was well selected.Miss Wisham has studied in Germany and her voice is well trained.She has had considerable experiencein the colleges of this country. Hervoice has taken the training nicely,her tones are pure, her enunciationgood and her expression all that canbe desired. As a reader Miss Bascomdid well and compares favorably withher predecessors. She, too, is a ladyof experience, having graduated fromthe best schools of the country. Onthe .whole it was a splendid recitaland we know that the efforts of theseladies in the school this year is sureto be crowned with success.Mrs. Craig Williams, of Irvine,is the guest of her mother, Mrs. LouisClark. .Mrs. C. M. Best left Saturday forSt. Joseph Hospital, in Lexington, fortreatment.Mrs. W. N. Henderson returnedMonday after a two months'. visit torelatives at Lafayette, O.The writer returned from CrabOrchard Springs some few weeks agoafter a sojourn of two weeks at thisMY DEAR MANIt DOES nY matter who you are, or inwhat walk of life; your first duty is tostart a Bank Account. It gives you safetyFROM ADVERSITY & BUILDS CONFIDENCE.Your money is safe in our Bank and whenYou NEED IT, IT IS THERE FOR YOU. """The Older man knows. He knows by experience,he has succeeded he knows. If he has failed' he knows.is your first duty to yourself orIN THE BANK. Poverty isprevent it is to begin bankingIT. Take the older man's advice. BANK your money andbegin now.Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPSIT BANK OF PARIS.Capital, 5100,000.00. Surplus, $40,000.00.stately old place, "The Saratoga nfthe South." These springs havlfSryears enjoyed a national reputationIt is one of the oldest wateringplaces in Kentucky.Mrs. R. E. Houston and son visited relatives in Carlisle from Saturday to Monday.Mr. W. M. Vimont left Sundayfor a visit to his brother, Mr. L TVimont, at Newport. "Mr. J.-G. Allen left Thursday for avisit to his daughter, Mrs. E. H. Dorian, at Memphis, Tenn.Miss Elizabeth Ingels returnedSaturday after a two weeks' visit toher cousin, Mrs. S. C. Clockseim, atCleveland, O.WATER QUESTION' NOWBECOMING SERIOUS MATTER.Water is becoming a scarce article at present and unless there is arain soon the supply will be reducedonly enopgh for fire protection.Superintendent Mitchell of the ParisWater Co., has issued an order to allpatrons to be sparing with water.As a matter of protection, the L.& N. railroad company yesterday began to extend a pipe line from themouth of the spring of Mr. HenryFuhrmanto the mill dam in the hopeof increasing the supply at that pointto furnish water for the company'slocomotives.HOLIDAY THURSDAY.Our shoe store will be closed onThursday on account of its being aholiday.(lfc) DAN COHEN.SEED BARLEY.Choice seed barley for sale. Phones84. R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.(10sep-3wks)JUNIORS' FALL FESTIVALOPENS FOR THE WEEKThe fall festival given under theauspices of the Junior Order UnitedAmerican Mechanics, opened lastnight and will continue throughoutthe week. The Acme AmusementCo., one of the largest carnival companies on the road, is furnishing theattractions,, and a large and variedline compose the offerings.The attractions embrace eight otthe very best and cleanest to befound with a traveling carnival company, and as a free attraction Capt.Joe Lyall, who dives from a laddereighty-five feet high into a tank ofwater four feet deep. In the list of; attractions are the Red Dome Musical Comedy, Taylor's Planation Show,?Philipp's dog and pony show, Rapollathe armless wonder, Col. Lagg's rep-tile show, Col. Davis' wild West, Ratlins deep sea show, Marion, the tinymite, Roche's fighting hyena andHozza's big hippodrome circus.Everywhere the company has exhibited patrons have been generallysatisfied and the most praiseworthypress notices have been secured. Eachof the attractions are clean and up-to-dateand well worth a visit by anyone. The festival is being held in thecity lot and while last night beingthe opening night there was only asmall crowd present still those whoattended were highly pleased.FOR THE COOL NIGHTSNew line of Comforts, Blankets,and Counterpanes. Save vou money.J. T. HINTONIfItyour family to have MONEYa terrible thing the way tomoney WHILE YOU EARNrJ. M. HALL, President.C. K.- "THOMAS. Cashic' .eM&r