J-rA it1 --i'VrPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE .YEAR'-y.PARIS KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1913.VOLUME. XXXIFIRST DAY'S SALE OF r"WE KNOW HOW?ijfcf JM. fSLJ' LJU7LJ m L mM mm ' H W vfi- as torn h . m ; m . m m- w w iy2 i . - ?-BOURBON T06AGG01iwl-i:y"7 - . Mrm( Li "'. lL&L!&JblLDL!&ZJWith DekchableHandiesiNOW ON DISPLAY k. -mRealizes Good Priqes andMany Buyers From Dis-'tancein Attendance.MR. HUNTERIN.QUR WINDOW.NO REJECTIONS MADE. :Average irligher inan Jor--Same Period in jbastYear. .f" UM GET READY TO GO AFTER TE BIROSf'41Let Us Demonstrate TlrdrSuperiority.iIOA Ih Tho Picfopn Qnnap.l- a w -VHa mb .maaHHBiHI ' III I I 1 1 I HLJ 1 1 P 1 lil I I J m ul I$1 .oo1With a $3.00 Purchase.; . vBaby Bunton Corn, 3 Cans .. - s- - 25cTomatoes, per can r cSugar Loaf Peas.' per can 1 5vc and 20cStandard Peas, per can. . -. . , - - 1 cPork and Beans, 2 cans for.;l ' 1 5cvEolled Oats, new sfock', 3 packages. . ; .. . v 25cNew Dried Peaches - O and 1 3 l-2cFancy Aprhots, 2 lb. for v 35cFancy SurrDried Apples, per lb.. -r . - - . 8cLANCASTER FLOUR.25-lb Sack ---$ .80 vf,. 48-H? Sack"" ,..... .,1.5098-lb Sack'.-.i-...;.. .,..'.. 3.10.Save the difference by spaying cash. v SpecialPrices oif, quantity lots'. ' , .Tliefirst sale of tobacco - for theseason of 1913-14 byvtlje bourbon Tobacco warehouse Company, was satisfactory? both to the company and tothQj growers. Seventy-two thousandtwo hundred and eighty pounds of tobacco were soldfor a total of $9,904.16, an average of $13.70 per hundrefr.The highest, price for a basket was30 cents per 'ipound, while some ofinferior quality soldas low as 3 centsper pound.A large crowd was ifi attendance,including visiting warehousemenfrom Lexington and other points andall the principal tobacco, companieswere represented by one or more buyers. President G. M. Clav waa able to bepresent much to the pleasure of the6oard of Directors and all others.At a corresponding period "last vyearthe first sale totaled 142,260 pounds,realizing , ?17,62g.98, an average of$12.39. The average of Saturday'ssale included e,very basket on thefloor. - vOne of the principal features ofHiP'RRle was the fact that there wasnnt a ritv1p. rmection and no low !grade tobaccos .were eliminated fromjthe general averages. Tne averagewpr $1.31 hierher than the openingsale at this house in 1912 and 51cents higher than the average of theLexington markets, opening sale thisseason.Many of the prominent buyersfrom theUargest tobacco manufacturing concerns in the 'country were(present and the bidding was spirited.The sale drew a large attendance ofspectators and ot'hers interested inthe industry. NThe crop averages were as follows:Redmon & Brannock, $20.23; paywood & Link, $16.22; Plummer &McClure, $14.58; J. M. Clay, $14;Toohey & Son, $16.00; Mitchell &Yons, . $15.94; Hutchcraft & Kerns,$15.00; Mackey & Wagoner, $15.61;Tarr & Sweeney, $14.63, x "544Wi,i i-,iAt t v-.& '-tr '4I -Nov. 15th is the time ,and while you are looking forward to thisllate 'remember that thisstore is headquarters for all kinds of huntingclothes Dux Bak Water Proof Joats andPants, the kind that brars can't tear up andthat, water won't go through Shell Vest andDux Bak Hunting Caps and Hats and theWitch Elk Hunting Shoes in different lengthsand kinds, 6 to'l 5 inchesT- No water -seepingY through the soles while you are' wadingthrough the branches. .9-' S, xr n-Hunt For the The Store ThatSells the Right Kind of ClothesFor the Sportsman.,Dux Bak Coats, Waterproof . Dux Bak Shell Vests,WaterproofcDux Bak Pants, Waterproof. Dux Bak Caps, Waterproof.And the Witch Elk Waterproof Hunting Shoes. -r:M itch el I & Blakemore,The Store for Men's Styles Paris, Kentuckyr : - ,THE MUSIC FESTIVAL A CARD."UnavolJable circumstances, compelmeNto postpone to a later date, whichwill be announced in due time, the concerts which, were to have been giventhis- afternoon and evening. Thsewho le paid for their tickets willhave th- money refunded by presenting them to -me at my store at anytime.ALBERT H. MOREHBAD.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTOPENED ON MONDAY.$nnMiiimiimiij'mimiinitiimiiiiinumjmilumiirmfk mxzxz m?zm&:inuiiii!i!T, CLEINIHAKk.f-, Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234' - .jKwS .". k. y19 . t5CfT . IW)J8ASVtaH3WIB35aHilWwbJltt. Chinchilla Overcoats, jn all col-, ors$6.50 to$10. 4 to 1 7years old.Boys' lins (All-Wool Overcoats,$3.50 to $10.4B0ys' Norfolk Suits, $3.00 to$12.50, all sizes.BoySweater Coats.Boys' Caps and Hats.Boys' Union SuSts.-Boys Gloves.1 Boys' Waists and Shirts.ThesBest at the Right Price Giveus a call No trouble to" show goods.mm6ssvlNvSimmiPK16& & 60. Giotmersand Furnishersm'The November" term of the Bourbon Circ.iit Court convened in thiscity yesterday morhing with JudgeRobert L. Stout presiding. Commonwealth's Attorney'Victor Bradley, waspresent at the opening of com anuwill represent the Commonwealth, during the term. 'After the call of the docliet and thehearing of motions; Judge Stout hadadministered the oath to Sheriff- A. S.Thompson and hib deputies, W F.Talbott and O. L. Marshall.! Themembers of the -grand jury were selected as follows: W.xD. Crouch, Edsell ' Clark, Stuart Urmston, W. S.sontt Vnrden SWdd.. Robert O. Turner, O. P. Clay, Geo. Jacoby, A C. Ball-r TxS-DA-mn-n flan-rcra P Stoker.J. B. Woodford. A. CvBall was named ,as foreman. 1 J;oJudge .Ftout delivered a N lengthy gJoVioi-o-o tn tbA exand iurv. He referred $gsstrt ii fnot. that he had been calledorv frrm inR duties last June after I b5Ji, J ..-4- nnlir itr-k flaVC tTf Pall- I jS&RDems i" uuuiumj . v.j" - -- b.ea -attention to me ' t"u " "'grand Jury during that term. Thegrand .jury, he said, was the rightarm of xthe court ana upon il reaieuthe, responsibility of the good moralsof the community.He called attention to the laws regarding gaming, carrying concealeddeadly weapons, the game laws andthe infractions of the liquor laws.Such infraction he said were regarded as minor crimes. But in hisopinion there were no minor crimes.Stop the man or boy who is criminallyinclined -and punish mm sumci,euuiy,. utt, fi.e nfFonco smd the result Will1.U1 UiO moo u"-w" .have an everlasting effect, was the. -' ' A .V... T,Arrn Gfrtlltopinion expreseu -uj ouu&c vjuw..He' referred at length o the alleged violations or the election laws,and asked the grand jury to investigate any violations that hdd;M)een report regarding the election- whichwas held last August and also vtheone which was "conducted November4. The practice of vote buying hesaid was bound to go and it was up tothe grand jury to inyestigate any orall irregularities that were reported.FRANK &, COi 'The Store Where Reliability Reigns.REDUCED PRICES:4uinuuinMUMmiiuiimmiii!MHiiin Qi.V-AON ALLwinter SuitsYr;1 ks$35,00 SUITS J25.00 SUITS20-00 SUITS ....$24.7519.75. 15.00iSpecialPricesOIVWCrepe, Silk, Serge and Ratine Dresses '$; 6.75 and $ 7.50 Dresses .,. ...4 jiow $ 4.958.75 and 10.00 DrrssesJ. Ll now 6.951 -12.50'and 15.00 Dresses. H now 9.9518.00 and 2000 Dresses zlL now 13.7522.50 and 25.00 Dresses ...... ...Ji now 16.75'30.00 arid 35 JODresses 1 now 24.755.KEEP WARM.HCalf in and look at our stock of fine TF ? sblankkettf and ?omforts. A beautiful ;JB1ljne to select from, and they ar the &.- nr 'bj : 5 ' -. "". .at.li FRANK 61 G,, tl -.-Ia " . T. - ' - - - . ' . ' tii4MMMWIWMHIIHWillUlliMilllBllllllllinililipWW M" ' " " V "v.V4-!vi )-. ' 2MV- ' Xrat H ..Vid that Will Jteo you wm, ; iw.mbMIIb'IKHXsEXKXHHKHmHHmHHVVVWW'SEflBklHHHHlHMHBviHlxTivvVSvHVEp1 , Uft . -All FTCCfc iM4 UI.3. t"(lt-tf 4 A. F.WHWSMR fc W?k" , , - "T" J i " - - ,; r """'-1"ri-yfpMNSit-S!J!!!ft"?0V -;-1'"s..',. ijil 4fjt"Y-V"3if wki tiSste? .Xfs j".ThE-ROURBONNES,! AklS; KENTUCKY,, NOVEMBER- 25,1913r.J' . .J T "-, -, -IitNew Directory.iWe are preparing to issue a new Telephone Directory, which"11 ... i. i 2. f -u-ir,- tv, q mam of nf all subscribersr Lsk ;wlllgo to press auuui .Lejtuiuci idi. a nuiv,r; ' wh-ose contracts are received prior to that date will appear in this.xi-siie.We urge all' prospective subscribers to order ypur Telephoneinto, in order to ' receive full benefit of the directoryservice. -USE OUR LONG LISTANCEtbe Paris Borne Celepfcone and CeUgrapb o.(Incorporated)GO SOUTH THIS WINTERGo where fair skies, ideal weather, and outdoor enjoyment dispel allthought of winter's discomfort.WINTER TOURIST FARES1 NOW AVAILABLE VIATO ALL RESORTSINCLUDING FLORIDA, NEW"LAND OF 1TICKETS ON SALE DAILY. - LONG RETURN LIMIT,ATTRACTIVE STOP-OVER PRIVILEGES.EQUIPMENT, SERVICE AND SCENERY UNSURPASSED.For details consult any Ticket AgenWor write.C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent, 101 East Main St, Lexington, Ky.I IK ''Wt, x Urn 'TF-I m -. :-. re. rm. i1 ? lC "'! if.1 i ... . ,'. - ?!1 t'iI F -I' 'I .ill it-.fi v I i.- . i1 ici-f- I -r I -"mi'U V" L ' " 'iw .t . .-if! t. .1 ;. itfI! IK 's Telephone No. 4.(fi k 'W .1 1 ' feS '- v il r -'.h t. E . jw L H II ?L I ' 4tv iiKm !l? 'Kit w I t , 7 - ,Bit tlv''.K i x M9MfftMMffw9MB if irTiie Bourbon NewsEstablished 1881-32 Years of Con-tinouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mall Matter of theSecond Class.)Published Every Tuesday and. FridayOne Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Adyance.r . sADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per, line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or otherj matter offered for publication.Space is a newspapers stock intrade and source of revenue.OF THE SOUTHORLEANS, PANAMA ANDHE SKY."EOUCATIOIIM- - - -' ASSOCIATION-T ,Holds All-Day Meeting at, theLittle. Rock Graded School'V"Building.otic American citizens. ,Mr.bhristo- 'pherson claimed the right to speaKbeing a product of s-the public schoolsand the son of an emigrant father.After a niano trio by Misses Bryan,Thompson and Boardman, Dr. A. S.Mackenzie, liead of the, Departmentof English in the State University,was introduced, and gave an addressin his inimitable style on the subject"Washing Without Blue Monday,"which abounded in humor asvwell aspractical suggestions along the lineof economy in little- thhigs, and theproper training of- cliildren for responsible positions, he exhorted parents and teachers' to serve God byserving the children. Dr. 'Mackenzie is. a great favorite with theteachers and is always' heard withmuch plesure.This closed the program, and afterprayer by Mr. Hendricks, the meeting adjourned, all having spent amost delightful day at Little Rock.The school at this place is the-model school of the county , the-teachefs are progressive and interested, the children are wide-awakeand ambitious, the patrons render cooperation and the equipment is allthat, could be -desired. In additionto . "the primary, intermediate, preintimation of what would be done after it crumbled. 'No posititve steps have been taken by the Administration here within the last few days to compel' acompliance with the demand for theelimination of Huerta.No preparations have , been madefor a blockade of Mexican ports,such as have been variously reported.Foreign interests generally will beprotected by the United States, andat Tuxpam in particular, especial effort will be made to protect uriusninterests pending the arrival of theBritish cruisers. The sending of theEnglish ships is in line "with previous notification to the United- States,and is -regarded as a normal movetakn 'in emergencies. - such as atTuxpam.MOTHER! IS CHILD'S vSTOMACHSOUR, SICK?A WOMAN'S PROBLEMIn the looking-glass a woman often sees wrinkles, hollow circles under eyes,"crow's-feet," all because she did-not turn tp the right -rtemedy wEen worn, doWn with those troubles which are distinctly feminine. Backache, headache,pains, lassitude, nervousness and drains upop vitality bring: untold sufferingto womanhood and the face shows it The nervous system and the entirewomanly make-up feels-the tonic effect ofDR. PIERCE'S FAVORITE PRESCRIPTION:It allays and subdues nervous excitability, irritability, nervous exhaustion, aadother distressing symptoms commonly attendant upon functional and organicdiseases of the feminine organs. It induces refreshing sleep and relievesmental anxiety and despondency. Known eveywhere and for over 40 yearaas the standard remedy for the diseases of women. Your dealer in medicinessells it in liquid or sugar-coated tablet form; or you can.send 50 one-centstanips for a trial box of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription tablets. Addres3Dr. R. V. Pierce, Jnvalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute, Buffalo, N. Y.DR. PIERCE'S PLEASANT PELLETS REGULATE AND INVIGORATE'STOMACH,UVER AND BOWELS. SUGAR-COATED TINY GRANULES.'a ii m ' sea emmT-rrTniM -1- hi ii t r iirtnrcCCrriTTTgjLJiijINSTRUCTIVE v PROGEAM.n(nDkn I annrlrvffi LPUUI V-. I-V. .m j JMDWIS & FUNK, Props.Addresses of Interest Made pn' Subjects of School Improvement.West 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in -joing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and ibdever goes beck on its reputation. If y.ouare, particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we, want, as we l;ke toappreciateeBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.-4 s':Ji'4rw-w ..The Best in the World!-r?rv .&!'j-.'u1:EvThe Higgin AU-MetalTheSHiggin AU-MetalWeather Strip.'Distributors of the Walger NewcTHodel Awning 'The Best. Awning Ever Put UpSuitable For Residences, Office and Hotel Buildings,School Houses, Etc.ome of Our Customers in Paris Massie"" Hospital, A.J. Winters, Geo. Alexander N. F. Brent, J. "W. Davis,Deposit Bank, T. H. Clay,s Mitchell & Blakemore and doz' ens of others. 'Our Sales Agents will gladly furnish an estimate for, you. Get the Higgin service and be satisfied.Screens bought now for future delivery are 'made at 2cents per square foot cherper.T. A. Hendricks,Sales AgentPhone 25S5 ' Lexington, Ky. .X 23-sent-tfIifWheh you feel i2S? '" weasJred, -worried or despondent it is are sign you need MOTT'S NERVERINEFiLLS." They renew the normal vigor and" jMtke life worth living. Be" sure and ask for;.Mott's Netverine PiUs gfefflSllhuJAMS MFG. CO.,' Prop., CleveUad, OMn.iQh:dorfer, JDniggkrt. Paris, Ky...A CONSUMPTIVE COUGHCAUSE OF INtOMNlA'7Hla nMt cammed (M,wt of -iasoA-te. 4iar4cx Vkd ikMMftck andbMtipttefu Cb&mberUSn-s TabloUAVMet tteie diorderk aad.. enableJL cough that hothers you continually is one of the danger signals thatwarns of consumption. Dr. Ring'sNew Discovery stops they cough, loosens the chest, banishes fever and-letsjrou sleep peacefully The firstdosecnecKS me sympioms ana gives youprompt relief. Mrs. A. F. Mertz, ofGlen llen, Jowa, writes: "Dr. King's,New Discovery cured a stubborncougk after six weeks' doctoring hadfailed to help." Try itas it will dotfc slKne for you. Bet medicine forfiniiflii, colds, throaty and limgtroublM.' Money back if. it fails. PricetTA .A (1 AA All w.u.aol-a t,,,V BLUWJ l' VIMHJ.'-'IIUU J..W. JOUi. U1WKWVB, "Jtj;The. Bourbon County EducationalAssociation held a very pleasant andprofitable all-day meeting, Friday, atLittle Rock, the sessions being heldin the handsome graded school build-f ing.Nearly every rural teacher in thecounty was in attendance, besidesvisitors from Lexington, Paris, North1 Middletown and the country aroundthe village of Little Hock.The Sciiool Improvement ' Leaguewas represented by Mra. R. B.Hutchcraft, Mrs. Nellie S. Highland, Mrs. T. A. 'Hendricks and Mrs.Wm. Myall.Most of the guests arrived by nineo'colck and enjoyed hearingthe pupils in the high school and thegrades recite lessors in the variousbranches until 10:30, when the pupils were dismissed and the visitorsassembled in the large chapel whichwas for,med by opening the accordeon foldine: doors between the threeclass rooms, thu's affording ample .fig syruproom ior ine crowu i.Prof. B. M. Roberts, principal ofthe school, presided. He extended ahearty welcome to the visitors andannounced the program, which wasopened with a chorus by the olderpupils under the direction of Miss.Emma Bryan, the accomplished music teacher of the school, with MissMinerva Boardman as accompanist.Mr. John Christopherson, president of the Kentucky Classical andBusiness College at North Middletown, read a scripture lesson fromthe first chapter of Proverbs and offered a prayer. vA recitation, "A Day at Niagara,"was 'then given by Mr. T. ShirleyDalzell, a student of the high school,which was much enjoyed. This wasfollowed by a piano trio, II Trovatore, by Misses Soper, Thompsonand Boardman.Prof. McHenry Rhoads, 'of the State"University, and State Supervisor ofHigh Schools, was introduced andgave an address on "The Significanceof the High School Movement inKentucky." statin?, among other valuable statistics, that 119 high schoolshave been established in Kentuckysince the year 1909, and that theseschools are meeting the social", economical and moral requirements andjProf. Rhoads spoke of the introduction of agricultural institutions, domestic science and manual training,and of the vast good which is beingaccomplished by these and otherlines of vocational education. Thisaddress was listened to with the mostI profound interest and attention andI was a masterful eftort.Tne meeting men aajournea iordinner, which was served by the pat:'rohs of the school and included everything that could tempt the appetite of the most fastidious. Severalhundred people were bountilully fed,and all did full justice to the excellent menu.The afternoon session was openedwith a piano solo by Miss Soper, anda recitation by Miss . MargueriteClark. - .Mr. T. A. Hendricks, Superintendent of the Paris Public Schools, wasthe first speaker, and gave a verypractical address in which he offeredsuggestions as .to a change in thecourse of study pursued in the highschools to meet the needs of thosewho desire vocational instead of professional training, and who need' toknow the things which will meet thedemands of their community. He Jurged the need of professionalteachers and co-operative patrdns.Following the address of Mr. Hendricks, Miss Mabel Soper, gave a recitation, and Mr. Christopherson wasIhe next SDeaker. his subject beine"The Place tof the. Public School in fthe Community ?and m- the NationalLife." .The speaker 'dVelt upon, theimmigrauonJjtvieui wiu upuu 4,ue'tenantry o MMfooky, saying .that itif ail largely "fflKwk he Pdhlic.e problem of jnak-numbersIf Cross, Feverish, Constipated, Give"California Syrup. ,of Figs." , JDon't scold your fretful, peevishchild. See if tongue is coated: thisis a sure sign its little stomach, liverand bowels are clogged with sourWhen listless, pale, feverish, fullof cold, breath bad, throat sore,doesn't eat, sleep or act naturally,has stomachache, indigestion, diarrhoea, give a teaspoonful of "California Syrup of Figs," and in a fewhours all the foul waste.th'e sour bileand fermenting food passes out of thebowels and you have a well ana playful child ' again. Children love thisharmless "fruit laxative," and mothers can rest easy after giving it, because it never fails to make , theirlittle "insides" clean and sweet.Keep it handy, Mother. A littlegiven today saves a sick child tomorrow, ,but get the genuine. Ask your,druggist for a 50-cent bottle of "California Syrup of Figs," which has directions for babies, children of allages, and for grown-ups, plainly onthe bottle. Remember, there arecounterfeits sold here, so surely lookand see that youre is made by the"California Fig Syrup 'Company."Hand back with contempt any otherP. Longfellow or 1 ennyspn could take a worthless sheet of paper,, write a poem on tt and make itwQrth $50,000. x That is GeniusJ: P. Morgan could have sighed his name to achech and amke the . little bit of paper worth$100,000,000. That is Capital" A mechanic can take material worth $5.00and make, wafch springs worth $1 ,000. 'ThatfskillIf you buy "FOX 'RIDGE COAL" from DQDSON & DENTON That is Good Sense' Show your good sense by taking'up the mattedNOW.Docfcon & DentonThe Home of Good CoalYards, South Main St. Both Phones 1 40'&sii'(adv.)CORBIN'S BARBER' SHOP4ip,ASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland Telephone works for him. He will reply:1. Sells My Products 4. ' Protects the Home2. Gets Best Prices . 5. Helps the Housewife. 3. Brings Supplies 6. Increases Profits"7. Pays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet.For information,call manager.:!::Our barber shop is now one of thecoziest in the central", part of theState. Neat, clean Tand sanitary. Besides the modern equipment alveady,installed we have added new glasscase antiseptic tool sterilizers, inwhich our razors, scissors, combs andbrushes and all working tools " ar,eirftnt. We iise individual cups andsnan for each shave. A modern hot'tnwfll sterilizer is used also by ourbarbers. A cozy bath hoom, nice andwarm, is always ready for use. .Newlinoleum has just been placed on thefloor and handsome mirrors decorateall four walls. Besides myself andDaVe Miller, who have been barbersall our lives, we have in our employLouis Livas and Chas. Hughes, twofirst-class torisorial artists, which en:ables you to get first-class service ina hurry no waits. Besides our firstclass service we take great pride inthe sanitary manner inwhichwewaiton our trade. A trial shave, hair cutor massage at our shop will make apermanent customer for our slipp.You are invited to call on us.Respectfully,RUSS. CORBIN.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompany ?Incorporated,ISEE-USFOR' -' f IIIlit. MpIffifn iLadies, Take a Look !ATTwin Bros. Department Store.New Arrival ofLadlss' Stylish Fall Suits. Coats. -Skirts,Waists, Millinery, Shoes,. JEtfc'Cf,X.vs-rSrIrf!Handsome Drygpodsand fall Drygioodsand Silks:PhouoppuRecords.NATIONAL5cand:10c.rO'4. V J'oiore ,ios. Depaital stoleCorner Seventh and Main Sts.I The four designs of Cortright Metal Shingles as shovn above are -Imade in 'any of th,e following ; ways : -'A 1 . Stamped from Tin-plate and pamted Red. v s -I 2. Stamped from Tm-plate and painted Green. ' A 7..k H 3 C...J t.TL- !-. 1 lv 11 1 1 J.r --A 4-Pcl om special bfht-cotcd QaKaMzed Sheeto. . -, " . I-- v .'!. TJ J. hp..i.d ri'(Lnt'nir.' " : . ZrSl P tip m k a h m. MjmmmKrm m. .rrm r. mn i . r w v m ' .. -" " - - - m mH.i-"T ""77 r--f mw T'j! r"" . c . &xvz ii t i- - .- ,. ' t ' ' KrMi . vv, . r 11..,,- . .- - ' Dr-fl. HatiiU -nun iiii i run irv -.yrMA.. uccci H ' &. Natr-j-r-av-9t i-rBvw-vti iiwMMmr utI lUW-tM f . M-f -rvwmmm-, mm tw w m .. . . . J MJmm . i-. 1 1 km4- 1 " I I c " r . yr -T T"jfm to at. For nafe by U dealew. phorSt. Lofes. acra uu "uw WJtt a Ta IllllllllllllUi 'fe- '&& UEto iju. X? I ' Wh - rf iirri mrfiiif-f tf fW tM& - si ', - . :. . - - . - fitflimkiiiiMlMBirfteii m mJk.t1a?ELperwcentturn to.$iw,owW. KING & SQN,2' cheapslde. Lexlneton. Kyi ' CANCER CURED! guarantee every case ! un- JJ dertake; 20 years practice; ref-erence, any citizen ot ransiDR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMEfWOl care Blind, Blefnad Itehteg 6 ,It absorbs the tumors, allays itching at onacts as a poultice, gives instant relief. ,For sale by all druggists, malt 50e and ILWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cfevetoftd, 0TL. Oberdotfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.sLUKE McLUKE SAYS:(Cincinnati Enquirer.)Lots of people who have good sensein other ways never seem to' knowwhen a player piano record has beenworked to deathsThe old-fashioned hoy whose ideaof Wealth was to own a goat with areal harness now has a son t whowould turn up his nose at anythingsmaller than a six-cylinder roadster.Prevents Escape of Prfseners From&? x - Stanford J, " -Miss $aUier Farmer, daughter oi'Jall&l Dink'? Parmer, of Lincoln Qounty "'prevented a wholesale Jail delnery. at 'Stafford,. TuesayLe'd, by two'vdesperate yeggmeswho had escaped from, the inner cagme prisoners naa, torn oil a , oarfrom aff-H outer window overlookingthe jaif syard.. Jailer Farmer hagone, to hif arm, three miles ia thrcountry, for supplies, and his 'twidaughters, Misses Sallie and Ossiewere alone in the building. , .-Warned by a negro trusty, SallieFarmer grabtied her father's gun,stuffed her pockets ftrtl of shells,and 'ran. to the jail yard, into Whichthe prisoners would have to jump. "Tim two 'yeggmen, James Underwood anfl. William, Klotz, 'were working through a window, when she"hailed them, and they looked intothe barrels of thp gun with" the shining eyes of the determined girl peering over the sight."Get back into that window atonce, or I'll blow off your heads!"Miss Farmer shouted to them, and themen "got" at once.Miss Farmer thought' she hadstopped them and shouted to her sis--ter to telephone to their brother, Alfred Farmer, who was engaged inwork in town. ' But her troubles werenot yet over. The yeggmen wereresourceful and raced to the otherside of .the building and began prying on a window. , ,The young woman seeing their intent, dashed around the building tothe other window. She drove theprisoners ,away from their work.While she' was watching this windowthev ran across the corridor to the' W4 made a lucky purchase of Men's Suits and Over- otwway flort toet outaround and head them off again.. Assistance soon arrived and the prisoners were secured,This is the second jail deliveryMiss Farmer has prevented withinthe past year. She is about gl yearsof age. v vIB FALL PURSIf you are looking for a goodUSHERS'V:V Suit or Overcoatat reasonable prices for Fall and Winter, here is the placeto get one.coats that would retail at $15, $1 and $20, but we areoffering them as a special inducement forr::Sl29SWe also have a full line of Schloss Bros.' guaranteed. i ilorea Suits for' $15 to $25, Emerson Shoes at $4nd $5, also Stetson and Hawes Von Gal.Hats.Other lines of merchandise ran be had at a price thatwill please your pocket-bpok.TWIN BRCiS., CLOTHING DEPT.L Wolistein, Proprietor. .SpecialInmmmmvWmaamtNEARLY EVERY CHILDHAS WORMS' .Paleness, at. times a flushed face,'unnatural hunger, picking the nose,great thirst, etq., are indications of jworms. iicKapoo worm ivuier is areliable, thorough- medicine for theremoval of ,all kinds of worms fromchildren and adults. Kickapoo WormKiller in pleasant candy form, aids digestion, tones system, overcomingconstipation and increasing he" actionof the liver, Is perfectly safe foreven the most delicate children. Them9O!Kickapoo Worm Killer jnakes chil- 9dren happy and healthy. 25c. Guaranteed. Try it. Drug stores or bymail. Kickapoo, Indian IVtedicineCo., Philadelphia and St. Louis.Nov 9 (adv) '2 Parts Odorless .Cleaning Co.Let us Make that Last Winter's Suit orOvercoatLook Like New. 'You will be surprised when .we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried uslbef ore.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned '.andReblockedjto your satisfaction. ,We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. ?hone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning'Co., Sam Levy,lProprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25cSAVED HIS FOOT.'H. D. Ely, of bantam, 0., suffere-J !from-horrible ulcer on his foot forfour years. His doctor advised amputation, but he refused and reluctantlytried Bucklen's" Arnica Salve as a lastresort. He then wrote: "I used yourI salve and my foot was soon, completely cured." Best remedy for burns,cuts, bruises and eczema. Get a boxtoday. Only 25c. AH druggists, orby mail. H. E. Bucklen & Co., Philadelphia or St. Louis.,Nov. (adv)BJM iW Mi"ROYAL PALM,'U Sc N. TIME-TABLEEFFECTIVE OCT. 19, 1913297''1040.37jrl?Trains ArriveKo FROM I ' x24' Atlanta, Ga., Daily V-lll134 Lexington, Ky., Daily. ........ S.'iSCynthiana, Ky., -may except o uuua. y -- ---Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday V. A amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday - 7.45 amLexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 7. 42 amCincinnati, O., Daily :''"' m-2fi amMawllle, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . . JA012 Lexington, Ky., Daily - io-24am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily :, i?on m.26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12. 00 m25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday --10 Pm' 9 laysville, Ky., Daily. Except Sunday 3,10pm138, Lexington, Ky., Daily. ' ''"." 3:.30pm38' Knoxville, Tenn Daily v...... '".'...'.. 5:35pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily "''"r .....4-r- 5.50pm39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pm. 8 Lexington, Ky Daily. . 6-23 pm32' Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10-50 pm'31 Cincinnati, O., Dailyr Trains 3De-pa,rtr. - TOIvlo.. ., 5:28 am34 Cincinnati, O., Daily. , ;''"', " ti.35am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday B.gam7 texington. Ky., Daily Except Sunday40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 7-50 !mMaysville, Ky., Daily except ouuu g m 43M,Lexington, Ky., Daily. ; Q-45am37 Knoxville, i;enn., van? i 10:29,am33 Jacksonvville, Fla., Daily....' 10:27" am133s Lexington, Ky., Daily '- ,12:05 pm6' Maysville, Ky., Daily. . . f ; 12:04 am26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday, ......'. , A;13 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday " 3:40 pm- 38 Cincinnati, O., Daily. . ; 5:56 pm9 Rowland. Ky., Dai y Except Sunday &PmW4 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 4; ...V 6:28 pmL32 Cincinnati, O., Daily.. ;VV;' .. 6:25pm, 8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. . . ., .6:40 pm? 30 .Cynthiana, Ky., Daily 'Except Sunday y 10.5g pm31 Lexington, Ky., Daily. '''- -7 pmJ.31 Atlanta, ua., uanyThe 'Most 'Superb y Train Connecting'the North and South Was PutIn Operation November 3. vThe most superb train ,in theUnited States connecting the Northand South made its first trip over theQueen & Crescent Route, Mondaymornine. November 3. It is knownas "The Royal Palm," and for luxuriousness, modern conveniences andeequipment 4of the most approvedtype the new train is, an ideal ofperfection. "The Royal Palm" isprovided with one of the new steeldining cars which surpasses anythingof the kindknown heretofore in modern, railway circles. A Pullman Comnartment Observation Car affordsthe privacy and seclusion of a bou-I doir aside irom lurnismng me ie&u.uiand luxurious facilities of an observation prior nd pltform from walncn toenjoy. the passing scenery. In addition to standard Pullman , drawingroom sleeping cars of the most recentdesign and appointment, the equipment of the "Royal Palm" will include reclining chair cars, with smoking rooms, giving the opportunity ofaccomplishing yqurn journey in, relaxation aim ease, without any additional charge,"The Royal Palm" will, operate between" Chicago, Illinois, and Jacksonville, Florida. Departure will bemade from Cincinnati each, morningat 7 o'clock on the Southbound trip,.and on 'the Northbound trip will reachCincinnati each night at 9:25 o'clock"The Royal Palm" wU run as a solidtrain between Chicago, Indianapolisand Jacksonville, and will providethe most modern conveniences for thethousands of -people who will visitthe Southland thi& winter.WHY IT SUCCEEDS.Sale of Brass Beds,- Dressers and ChairsFact, Everything in FurnitureCarpets, Rugs and Matting for Two Weeks .h?' ' '. ' '.-IS YOUR HOME PIPED FOR GA5?If so, we can show you the best Burner th2tsaves gas and give perfect heat. Xfe havf lsecured the agency for the sTriple Burner, the Estate Stove -fEvery Stove guaranteed must please you, ihat jis why we .do not show anything but the best ,that money can -buy. Two of tie leadingStoves are .' -New Process and the EstateWith the Triple Burner rThe Safety Burner Visible.'Lst us show you our Ranges, as we havethem connected to show you on our floors.. -. .j ' ,Linoleum and Uilciotn.Our Showing is ComptetaWith Special PriceFor- Two -Weeks$m ISI 11111 1 ll H. 'tfBOILnfiTH-w!A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co. ' ?Main StreetCHAS. GREEN, Mgr. Orp. Court HouScGC91(Professional CardsDr. Wm. Kehney, l Special Rates fr Excursibiis.1029Because It Is for One Thing Only andParis People Appreciate This.for every-$t&Trains Arrive' .r FROM r-.noTv.. Nor i ..i. c..,i,r n . 7:40 am" 2-"Srap"?E u- z asss lunaav: ::::::::::::r-sJFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday.'Trains 3Dea;rt!suc-oneTO8:30 amf25 pm -q' f ,i Frankkfort, Kyt, Daily Ercdpt Sunday ..v. . . . . . . -v v ' ;V - l Frankfort, Ky., Dajly Except Sundaj . .y vNothing: canx be goodthing. '''Doing one thing ell bringscess. ' . f eDoan's Kidney Pills are forthing only. MtcfiFor weak or disordered kndneys.Here is reliable evidence of theirworth: , . 0.A C. McCauley, 137 S. Maple St.,Winchester, Ky., says: "There weppains ' through my kidneys and thesecretions were scanty and painful?n i?P On a- friend's recommendation I got a box of Doan's- KidneyPills and the results 01 uieir use wuvinced me of their merit. I now gladly confirm vhat I said about them."" "When Your Back is Lame Remember the Name." Don't simply askfor a kidney remedy ask distinctlyfor Doan's Kidney Pills the samethat' My, McCauley had. 50c. at allBuffalo, New York. vV.uuv,js ' ? y. 'PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones jl.Residence( E. T. 31.i Home 334.DR. A. 11 KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4V and 5, El&s Bid rParis - - KentuckyJ J. WrLLiIAMS, '. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.iloom 1 Elks Buildins. .KENTUCKY TRACTIONINAL COMPANY.& TERM-XInterurban Schedule.Leave, Lexington,, r . "For 'Paris.OO am'7:20 a mOO'a mS:50 am10:20 a m11:50 a m1:20 p m5:20 p m3:30 p m "4:20 p m5:00 p m7:20 p m .9:10 p m11:00 p m vDaily except Sunday,Leave Parisvfor Lexington6:45 a m7:30 a m8:15 a m9:O0 a mf 945 a,m11; 15 a1 m12:45 p m2:15 p m3:45 p m4:30 p m5:15 p m ,6:45 p m8:15 p m10:05 p mRound trip Winter Tourists to allprincipal winter resorts in' Alabama,Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, South Carolina and Havana,rCuba, on sale da'ily Oct. 1, 1913, untilApril' 30, 1914, with finalv limit May 31,1914; also to principal winter resortsin Texas and' New Mexico, on saledaily Nov. 1, 1913, to April 30, 1914,w,ith final limit May 31, 1914. Liberalstopovers allowed on all winter tourist tickets. Also low round tripHomeseekers' tickets to points in Arizona, Arkansas, Louisiana,. Missouri,New Mexico, Oklahoma,' Texas, Alabama, Florida, Mississippi, Colorado, hKansas, Montana, Nevada North Dakota, South Dakota .and Clifornia onsale first and third Tuesdays of eachmonth, final Hmit 25 days from dateof sale, stopovers allowed in Homeseekers' territory For further informatioh, call no or address,W. H. HARRIS, Agent.T. K. SMITH, T. A.fUnwise Kindness.' . ,Occasionally a man gets by with a.tremendous bluff simply .because, his Ifriends are kind-hearted and hate tospoil a beautiful specimen of selflew Barber $1$, -!J II IIIWindsor Hbtel.fi,Modern Equipment. -PoliteService.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.r -tx':CARL CRAWFORD'- r .?$7'4 . " Vf'".''.'BUCK FREEMANFirst- Class Barber Shop,j Three Expert Artists; NoWaits. ,Hot and ColdBaths.Main '-t. - Opp. Court House'Try Buck's Coal Oil Shampoo,Hours' NcrLong Waits..fA Share of H ' ; ironae SoKcked.Curtis&OvepbyBusirfcss Men's Barber Sbofvfti (Nexfc to4 Bourbon Bank ' f3 - CHAIRS - 3.1 .N Expert Barbers' Polity AttentionHot and Cold Baths attAti'J-V-,14-t:S"?'' tV',VJ-v .- 'tT i & XJI - J. " J A.TT, -if -i. -r A.v: s5, J1. y h?l ii.-V ,JR ' " ..s ?.aZ5 Jit,HVi W?", . ".. iS&SL.if &vw'.52Sja':&'.1 .-. M i.i i-,-I. ' f. t ..?.tJT 31 .nr.r rcss7w.. ;-;- "xvSrP-- . thj..tflv - rnrr r'f "'.M'M:SE . . L -..)?V.Tt ViftmA.', :r: ,V sV""Pt,-ctW5 wBfcM?Jifc. KSEkfcT-l fte.vj r vNT,i -a?-f.4-''5f yr w,. -, l?K !'J- ..-J.--it ijif fJ rZMSTlS8SryJ' k3-'TiwwiKsi?a' WiW'ryr fc5iyftL5fr':'VlkvnrT54.t IV1xsviciu -" j sm tT-msMi-. 'e w ."NbaHii.srTrT r .""j--1 " a jni v --d if jvuwwjsft m""Xs s- sett pixmmipimimK&mma&Gm&mUHtmm m mL,3t-mmnMATRIMONIAL.REHtursr .&,. h.. - v -ue 37 -". w-j:'4lmt.cM -UL -N'vl '' Xt ;ir' ! !44r j. mw ' - - y&wi sit i . - - --I. SI : .- " '" ISilverwareAside from its intrinsic value to-day---ourSilverware-has the distinction pf representing the per-fection of the Silversmith3 s Art at this period ofcAwierican history. ' - -- For this reasonfuture generations even more so than are theheirloomsloi the past valued to-day.- The practical use of Silver and its permanencer makes it an appropriate and lasting gift forever appreciated. lOur Silverware display is one of the specialfeatures of this store and one of special, interest tothose ,who'seek exclusive patterns at moderate prices.' -v."The HomeT.x---For Jewelryv VShire C& Fithian,PARIS, KENTUCKYt-YHov many, 'many people have rushed back into theNhouse for their rnoney and lost their JJVES? Their moneyhad no- business being inBANK. When it is in thev bank it is safe. If you want to- pay a.lDill write a check on our bank then you have a receipt.Jt is" easier, too?vbecause you can mail it in SAFETY.'' " . Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent. Interest on Savings.r DEPOSIT BANK OF PARISCapifal, $i00,000.0aJ. M. HAL.JL. PresidentINDIANS PREFER RAGTIMETO OLD ABORIGINE TUNESr T -otaan seen,s to pref ir the. 'syncopated strains of ragtime'3MKKS to nis own lore," said Prof.JMmoad S. Maney, of the .Universityrrawaiaswju, wmie uisuusiug iaefttse&t of Geoffry O'Hara toK utsk of arraHring and recordingImMShel music, by Secretary "FranklinJC Lae of the Department of theSfttarior.k "It woeld "be commendable If the; ii laitam melodies could be preLp jirvd, continued Prof. Meaney, whoI ! fret lover of all that pertainsy -m the arilrki8tory of the Americanf -UDM SJtd Bftonle. A man Tivr. roQli7o Vin-w .manv I ie ii tf. -i r.! (vii - lm nnn n,m A . , -. t niirrn m V -,-r t ti..i IX O . r C,aad people.I v , iWH'r!. Lii i - i, 7 Vi , r. . .. , ' ""j xl nc is me ii6uL maw ire a.n iuc more uian you can eisewnere. uead rf uciwia i. iuiLiL.ijJbTUJN. w v. rNT I f m ' .r-JU1 the white race takes an m- tacky looking relatives a girl can have a woman.24 .hours a day and then pur prices. . '' - . 4 EitherPhohe No. 41 It T iXV-O. , , -k I JUfcliIidta.ie and.folk lore is Juntii after he marries. ' WM wan more., . ; -'Itf) , . .TCi LINBHAN? - ' (ifnof tf) T " V jWHmi'ff-7it will be appreciated by" 8of Quality ;;- J'ithe house, it should be'in theSurplus, $40,000.00.e. k.. THOMAS, cashierevincedvby the, interest taken in thedifferent lectures given by E. S. Curtis, the photographer. Nothing ismore typical of the culture and refinement of a race than its music and themodern redmen, appreciating this,are"ound to assist Mr. O'Hara in every way possible."Several attempts have- been madein, 'past years to make just' such a(collection of music from all parts ofme country as Mr. OlHara will endeavor to gather, but they have allrailed."" . -',When a girl has a couple .of wartsshe always refers to them as beautyj spots. ' ' 'A man never- realizes how imanyI " . i . Krirtf trip rnsh tr mir ctnvo onH wiif 1 prms Psv Annhr - '' S 'M- . s- -; ,yColumbia Theatre, To-day ''The rfardest Way.", Apowerful modern drama, by George.Hennesy, with exceptibnnlly absorbing plot, dealing with the temptations of a reformed burglar, ,who isstrangely saved from backsliding bythe cleverness of his ba1y daughter.Two other reels will be shown, "Painless Dentestry." Pilot. And "WhenDreams Come True." Keystone.To-morrow Special feature in twoparts, "The Lion Hunters," and splitreel comedy. "The Base Ball Umpire" nd "The Aesthettic Match."Thanksgiving Day A two reelBronco feature, "Silent Hecoes." Abeautiful story of Civil War Days,, im-Dressive and touching. A faithfuLson's loyalty to mother and country,filled with scenes of battle and 'strifethat quicken the heart, and fascinatethe eye. A Majestic drama, also -willbe shown, "When the Debt Was Paid."The Almo Theater' Tuesday, Nov. 25 "The Influenceof the Unknown", a Biograph drama,proving that a baby is a baby thewhole world over In the guise of ahunted moonshiner the revenue officer gained the moonshiners' ' confidence. It was the girl whtf discovered his perfidy. She has some difficulty in making the moonshinersbelieved she permitted the man's escape on account ofvhis baby, but perhaps they understood better, whenMR. ERTZ NOW SINGING AT THEALAMO.the young revenue officer never returned. The cast includes Mae Marsh,Henry Walthall and Robert Harron.The Viagraph Company presents"Which Way Did He Go?" With aninfuriated wife at the top and a coupleof ferocious dogs at the bottom, Whatcan the poor man do? See the picture and guess the answer. FeaturingJohn Bunny, JLillian Walker and FloraFinch. v'His Greatest Victory, an Edisondrama. Lieutenant Blake Svoundedin battle, loses his memory and hisyoung bride believes herself a widow.Orane his chum,vins- the girl only torecognize Blake among the enlistedmen. With the magnificent self-sacrificehe succeeds in restoring Blake'smemory and re-unites husband andwife. The cast includes, BenjamineF. Wilson, Gertrude McCoy, RichardTucker and May-Abby.Mr. Albert Ertz, character singer.iWednesday, November 26. 'The Kalem Company presents "ThePatal Legacy," in two reels.' Thereare many unusual features in "thisitalem photoplay, which will be seenat the Alamo Theatre Wednesday,'November 26. Several of the sceneswere produced in picuresque Virginiaand a hrilling fox hunt is portrayed.The spirited chase over the fields andthe magnificent scene in which aJashionable "hunt breakfast" is depicted are remarkably striking. Thestory deals with three generations.It is the custom of themalc membersof the TTalleck family to receive anold envelope on their wedding eve.Each generation learns that the family is cursed with a"lust for drink andeach signs the vpledge. We herehave an impressive ldsson of vthestrength and weakness of men andstrong dramatic situations are developed. Several of Kalem's producingorganizations combined in. the makingof this picture and a result a rareopportunity was afforded for manynotable players to appear.- The castincludes James Vincent, MargueriteCourtot, Tom Moore, Alice Hollister,Harry Milladre, Anna Neilsson andJuy Coombs.Selig presents ""Brown's Nfew Monetary Standard," an unctuous comedy,dealing with pennies as a special pay?ment. On . the the same reel with"Moro Pastimes," another excellenteducational, showing interesting, newsigllts in our 'island possessions.Mr. Ertz will .be heard at each performance. "'FAMOUS LETTEROf Alexander Hamilton is Sold ForOne Hund'edand :"fty Dollars.At an auctioit sale of' books and autograph letters in Baltimore from thecollection of the late' William C. Pennington, of that city, Dodd & Livingston," of New York, purchased the famous letter of Alexander Hamilton toR. H. Harper, in which Aaron Burr isdenounced as -"the most dangerouschief that Jacobinism cpuld have."The Library of Congress was an active bidder. The price was the' highest paid for any of the letters of thesale. X "PUILetters by Francis Scott Key weresold for $5 each. Buyers were present from New York, Boston, the leading universities and the Library ofCongress. ., The only members of the Don'tWorry Club that I have pver locatedare the lads whp swing a pick andshovel all day and think they havegood jobs.4-s -The followingj invitations have!ten' received' by Paris friends:beenbeen received by Paris friends :V J, jrequest uie nonor oi your pjeseieat the marriage of theft diTgher 1:7AtYio "Dno fiii. r v MMr. Russell Wilson Soperon the afternoon of Wednesday thethird of December. none thousand one hundred andthirteen-at three o'clockAt' Home.Carlisle, Kentucky. ? ' " '" ' ' WHALEY STEVVENS-t-A marriage of muclr-ihterest toParis people was that of Miss-Pran-kieWhaley, the handsome and attractive daughter of Mr. W. H. Whaley, Sr., of this city, to Mr-. "W. S.Stevens, of Newport, Ky., which occurred in Lexington at the home ofthe bride's sister, Mrs. Lacy Clark,Saturday afternoon. Mr. Stevens isa prominent pharmacist of Newport,and his bride, who is a' native of thiscounty, is one of the most charmingyoung wo(men of tle county. Afterthe ceremony Mr. and Mrs ? Stevensleft for Newport", " where they willreside.GHOSTLY THIEF REMOVESVALUABLES FROM PILLOW-To begin with, Mrs. Mary Sumlovitz, who- occupies the first-floor flat at242 South Eden street, Baltimore, isnot superstitious. Just" the same she-is very sadly puzzled and a littleifrightened , too, at experiences shehas been troubled with recently.On last Friday evening Mrs. Sum-,lovitz went to her bedroom a fewminutes ofter 8 o'clock and placed anew dress, which she valued TeVyhighly, under her pillow- Later, shelay down ,for a short time, her headresting on the pillow beneath whichwas the dress."As 1 closed my eyes," she Aid,I felt something moving beneath me.Something was writhing beneath myhead the clutching, wriggling approach of a hand. Before I couldstart up a "shriek I telt Tny dressthat I thought sp much of, snatched'violently away. Yet -there was noone else in the room."Too frightened to scream then MrsSumlovitz tore the pillow away.There was the impress of thedresss in the bolster, buC-that was allNor was there any evidence to showhow the hand had .reached there orfrm whence it came.She jumped from her bed and ranout into the hall, believing thatsomeone there had pulled tlfe dressout. The hall was empty. She wentout as far as the front door, but noone was in sight. She than calledseveral of the other occupants of thehouse and they -started a search.All the doors "and windows were securely fastened. No trace Of the(dress cpuld be found in any part ofthe house. 'Next she searched through her flat,and learned that a gold watch chain,a pair of silver earrings anda goldlocket and chain were also gone. x,She then notified the police of theEastern district and Patrolmaji. Jas.Horner was ' sent to the scene. Healso went through the 'house from fopto bottom, but nothing else wasfound to be disturbedMrs. Sumlovitz is positive that "no'for Ul.e fowls were 14 cents per poundone entered her room. She is alsopositive that the missing articleswere in theiij places when she wentmco me roomLUKE McLUKE SAYSyWhen a girl imagines that , al bigboob who has bristles, on his chin,and ho smells ,like an old pipe, 'isthe Greatest Thing Ever Inventedthat is love. N )It is a mean -trick to say that women are always wanting money. Theyare not. All they, want is 'everythingthat money, will buy.Every young married man likes toI stand around and boast confidentiallythat he understands his wife. But ayear later he hasn't a word to say.The old-fashioned man who thoughtthat a man who 'shaved himself ev;eryday was a. dude, now has a son whohas his nails manicured every morning while he is being shaved.The Babylonians wrote, their loveletters on bricks. Nowadaysthebricks ar.e not exchanged until afterJylMUtl A AM,rThey say there is a use for everything. But why is an inside .vestpocket?Any old time you hear a dame loudly" protesting that she is a "lady," youjcan bet that she isnt.A girl chases a man by keeping infront of him- so that he can "memorize her features and her curves, nThe average, woman isn't half asscared ot tuberculosis as she is of fat.What has become of the old-fashioned girl who kept her wad of gumpasted on the side of her bed whileshe " as sleeping?When a man tells a girl that hecan't live without her she proves 'hima liar by marrying him.When a married man neglects hisbusiness for the woman a he - loves, ihis wife never knows anything abouthisit-And once.in a while a widow -wearsa mourning vejl so you-can't see howpleased she is. - ,Talking -about Castor Oil, when twofemales who hate each other meeton the street, did you ever notice howpassionately they kiss?When they are cburting lie doesn'tmind finding one of her hairs in hismouth after kissing and hugging her.But after they are married he wantsa divorce if he happens to find oneof her hairs on hisnati Enquirer.coat. Cincin-WILL SAVE YOU, MONEY..Don't fail to read our advertise-'mem on page one oj. tins issue.' wewin save you money on groceries. .Bring the casn to our store and ztmore than you can -elseVhere,. Read- The congregations or, me' Anitoch. T HoDewell 'and Bethlehemchurches will unite in a Thanksgiv-il. --s ' .iT tr..i-K: nu-i 1ring service jil xautuiiiaun v;uai,ei ''o'clock p. m., bn Thursday, .Nov27. Revji J. J. Dickey, pastor of theHutchison cliurch, will deliver theaddress.-i-T;he conference of the UnitedMissionary Campaign began in thiscity Sunday.Two distinguished ministers, Dr.F. Reid Secretary of the Laymen'sMissionary Movemient,. MethodistEpiscopal Cliurch, South and Dr. D.Clay Lilly, Field Secretary of theLayman's Missionary Movement inthe, United States and Canada, bojth.from Nashville, Tenn., were leaders.BQth spoke Sunday afternon at thejurday, another will go December 1Presbyterian Church. Dr. Lilly prached Sunday morning at the Presbyterian Church.The meeting Sunday evening washeld at tlfe Christian Church, Dr.Lilly's subject being "Progress andCrisis in Missions," while Dr. Reidspoke" on "Changing China."A large crowd heard these distinguished visitors, and the music; under the leadership of Mr. A. L: Boat-rright, was -inspiring.Yesterday morning at 11 o'clock aconference of pastors was heldv atthe Methodis Church, and afternoonat 3 o'clock at the Baptist Church amissionary address and conferencewas held. 'The meeting closed last evening atthe Methodist Church with an addressby Br. Reid on "The Korean Laymen' and "Methods "of MissionaryFinance" was discussed by Dr. Lilly.f1McHUGH.Thomas W. McHugh, aged elevenyears, died .at the home of his uncle,Mr. John Maher, on Twentieth street,Monday morning at five Vclock. Hewas the son J of Mr. and Mrs. P. J.McHdgh, of. Cincinnati, his mother being formerly Miss Mary juaner, orParis. He wa!s anephew of John andThos. Maher, Miss Josie Maher, 'MissJosie Calnan and Mrs. Nellie Edwardsand is survived by his parents andtwo .brothers.The funeral services will beheldat the Catholic Church in this city at9. o'clock, Wednesday morning, conducted by Rev. Father DeBruyn.The pall-bearers will be RobertLavin,George Woods, L.. Woods, John Edwards, Joe Rassenfoss, Leo Brannan,Ralph Connell and Robt. Toohey. Interment in the -Paris Catholic cemetery. LAST SHIPMENT OF TURKEYSIS MADE BY LOCAL FIRMThe 1st shipment of turkeys for theThanksgiving market was made Saturday 'when Chas. S. BrentN & Bro.shipped by express in cold storageone car. During the season justclosed the loical firm slaughtered attheir pens in this city a total of 6,500turkeys , at Millersburg 6,250, x atCarlisle ?,000, and at Flemingsburg6,000, all of which were shipped injcold storage to the markets of Boston and New York: The prices paiduiiueuvereu auu o cents at uie pens.EAT CABBAGE, FISHH,) SAUSAGE, NEW BREAD.-"pape's Diapepsin" Digests FoodN When Stomach Can'.t CuresIndigestion. 'Do some foods you eat hit backtaste ,good, but work badly; fermentinto stubborn lumps nd cuse a sick,sour) gassy stomach? Now, Mr. orMrs. Dyspeptic, jot this down: Pape'sing, nothing to sour 'and upset you.There never was anything so "safelyqjiick, so certainly effective. No difference how badly your stomach isdisordered you will get happy reliefin five minutes, but? what pleases you IDEATHSmost is that it strengthens a"nd reg-' The first symptom of this disaseulates your stomach so you can dat ; is a pain in the foot a little below ancTyour favorite foods without fear..Most remedies give you reliefsometimes they are slow' but not so.... itn - -rx?I'&ui-e. rupes jjapepsin is quiCK,positive and puts your stomach in ahealthy condition so the miserywon't come back.You feel different as soon as Pape's, Diapepsin comes in contact with thesAuiucum uia tress jusl vanisnesyour stoTna'ch gets sweet, no eases.no belching, no eructations of undi !gested food, your tiead clears and'JWU ICC1 1I11C.Glo now, make the best investment jyou 'ever -made, by getting a. large 1 5?f11 P"k-1 -fX - J-Vfifty-cent case of Pape's Diapepsin Ifrom any drug store.. You realize in,five minutes how needless it is toi Jsuffer from indigestion, dyspepsia or!any stdmach disorder.I (adv.)1For Sale.,A. tew Pair s ot Pekin!10lce, towls nd splendidA few pair s of Pekin Ducks; 'layers ;.?i eauu.-MRS. JOS., HOUSTON,z Route 8", P'aris, Ky.Desirable Home Offeredfor Sale.Two story frame house on Mt. AiryAvenue. House contains seVen largerooms, bath room, hall, presses, cellar,etc. Gas for light,-heat anil fuel.Sewer in and connected.Lot is seventy-five 'feetr front, has tsmmi caDie, coal nouse, cnicken House,plenty of. shade, and a No. 1 cistern at, door. rThis property k located in one11 . t 1 . .- 1of thebest residence sections of Paristu can oe uougnt wortn tne moneyrossession given March 1,Terms easy. AddIv to194.LEWIS T. LILLESTON- htitiL Cay wood & McClintock yureh&!rrom wmcnester parties MoHdysafct' 3;'mules at prices ranging from $150 to ff'$2Q0, and at Flemingsburg 18 mul!' 'aVprices bringing from $150 to $2l,Jiuvei jiujuuu -i.uru.eyH nave hppf "j bought and slaughtered this year at 8vjaiiiBic. jiiv wiuyudiy reports they -flirthave bought and slaughtered over "7,000 of the' birds and shipped them. 'Hto the Eastern Thanksgiving markets.R. B. Park, Richmond, Ky., soldXlast week to J. H. Medlock, of "Waynesboro, Georgia, 116 head ormules. The price is private, but is-known to be around the ,$25,000 figTlir Hno lnort -orati esTilTMiorl rw-iii- C?V..151.. I.iX.- . - , ""SPrand' the,, remaining loads December-15.,The brood mares Sand Dune, pyRock Sand; Pyramid, by Hastings,Clara Atkin, by Sain, and Blazing.Star, by Star Shoot, were purchased .at the sale in Lexington last week for ''Arthur B: Hancock. The mares haves 'been shipped to Ellersile Stud in VVirginia and will be bred to CeiMr. HancoQk is well pleased wih the v-O-mares. ' , fO. M. Johnson, of Millersburg. -sold last week to R. O. Chambers, of. "4Mason county, 4,000 pounds of tobac-co at $15 per hundred to be delivered! vat the opening of the Carlisle tobac- .co market. This is Nicholas cqunty; ;tobacco and the purchaser is one bfXthe most extensive tobacco buye'raJ''in Mason county. He is one of threesspeculators last year who sold aflarge amount of tobacco to the R. J.Reynolds Co., when it was said thattney made more than $75,000.AMERICAN WOMEN AREGETTING FLAT-FOOTEDIf American society women and theworking girls who ape tHem'in man-ners of dress do not use more judgment in the selection of their shoesin afew years they will be, paddling;around like ducks on flat feet, in theopinion of chiropodists.So general has this ailment be-c.ome among American'' women that,'establishments where feet"- are doc- 4tored are full of waiting patients, andat some of the more popular" ones it. 'is difficult to make an appointment.Broken down arojies affect the en- 'tire nervous-system, and the foot doctors say that many a socie'ty womanwho thinks her social duties are inak- 'ing a nervous wreck of her could stopiall the trouble by wearing a different:make of shoes which would support?the arches of the feet.The dainty little pumps, high oiheel, short of vamp, and p6inted toe-.are responsible.Miss Kate Brown, a prominent Milwaukee chiropodist, says that dozensof women come to her. suffering witltflat feet, who are in bad physicarcondition, but who would end all theirtroubles by wearing sensible shoes.They refuse to do this, however, shesays'."When I tell them they should"wear different shoes they say: 'Why.these m are the most comfortablepumps' Ihave ever worn,' and all the'time they are suffering torment. Bucthey are happy in a way, because theyknow tha't this sort of a1 shoe looks;chic and dainty."The new style of shoe, which is' exactly the reverse of the high-heeledfI shoe which started all the trouble-only aggravates the sitution, say thefoot physicians. The new shoe has abroad and extremely low heel and lowarch' under the instep. The feet usecFto being bolstered up by the higharch have developed a set of flabby- -andnext to useless" instep muscles,.and without the support of the old-style last allows the foot to flattenout. The remedy can only be foundin an artificial arch, which can beplaced in the shoe, giving the desiredsupport. . tIf flat-heeled shoes had ben wornsince childhood there would be nodifficulty, but as it is wearers wiirhave to take the consequences for thetrouble strted by high-heeledva-rietym front of the ankle. This is fol- 'lowed by pains in the small of theibackhand then in the heel. In inany- - ,vcases it is impossible H:o "restore tlfe- - A &foot to its normal shape, and where-.-". , ;relief is possible a long course or ' ttreatment is required. I - ,'Market1House,si.2 Stky and JMain StS.tv.No CreditNo Delivery!No PhonesDressed Poultry,Eggs, Oysters, Butter,Fish,;Cheese, all kinds,Government inspectedMeatsCheapea than anywhere in.Kentucky. ,If ithe customer does not ,payfor expense of 'phoues anddelivery, who does? .Give us a call and ou arei-recrular tuitnttpr - K -M. J.HelW-1.V'N?.t,'."3r-4it-!-i- .'Y1 :!r -.. -. :,.-v i' . c; .,. i, v'-i- . a -r v -JT' " ,- :. .- v? ;: i.iw- t & vm m !-. k ' . . iw W- w - TTl . ' C j ' j. 3. . r -m v . -. .j v- w i m - w sm.- trj- -' . a - . a tw - c . j.. ' . . j'. -. i?ii j , .. . r j. . . -'o- -Jr 3t v-e" - .. , - . m. rr .&, r " - .f "v-. . sjr - . wz .. ..its' .-. . f .r n . i 'rjir i. -v 'Tt ; r.i . r . - .., . j-jwTHq BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, ,KY., NOVEMBER 25, 1913JhaI4faHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADEAttention, "Eagles."AM members of theFraternal Order ofEagles are requestedo attend a meetingof theAeraatthe ElksLodge Room on Wednesday evening, Nov.26, at 7:30. Electionof officers and othermatters of imporanceto be taken up.Social session aridItiuch after meeting.. (Signed)O. P. Carter, Jr., W. P.TURKEYS FOR THANKSGIVINGGive in your order early. '(If) C. P. CQOK & CO.LOCAL MEN CONDUCTLOT SALE ATBERRY.Messrs. Geo. J). Speakes, L. D. Hariis and" -Dr.; D. S. Henry went to Berry Station where they conducted asale of lots last week. About thirtylos were disposed of at satisfactorypr es and a large crowd of about 1,Z people attended,. 'xC 3URBON COUNTY FARMSELLS FORt$135 PER ACttE.A big land deal was closed Satur-ua whereby Mr. John T. Hedees soldIiis farm of 343 acres,, located pn theCane Ridge pike, about three and auauxgmes irom .fans, to Mr. SamuelMackey, at $135 per acre, or a totalof $46,305. Possession given March1, 1914.FOR THE CHILDREN.We are sliowing the most durableLne of school shoes, for boystnd girlsthat -were ever brought to Paris.They are not rough, heavy goods,lut neat and showy, and will weartwice as long or -longer thanother shoe made.any(25-tf). ' GEO. McWILLIAMSYES THEY ARE?!Cabinets." areMcDougall Kjtchenthe cabinets you wantsee window.J. T. HINTON. served in courses, and he 'decora-j tions were pink carnnations. In theCONFEDERATE DAUGHTERS center of the table was a large cakeHOLD MEETING deccrated with forty Shted candles." " ' The guests Wfcre J. Frank Clay, DiThe Richard Hawes Chapter, U D w C Usserv, Clell Turned , AmosC, held its regular monthly meeting ' Turney Chas- Ball Jolln M- Brenaturday -afternoon at the court house nan' Swift Champ, . Charlton Alexanwith the president, Mrs. -Wm G Tal-' der' -Iames Thompson, M,iller Ward,botL presiding-. Numerous plan's for ' Ef Turner, E. M. Dickson, W. W.future work, especially raising money ' Iitcne Wm. Blakenrore , Duncanfor the Memorial Fund, were discuss- Bel1 and Alb'ert Hinton.td at length. It was decided to set ' delighfful recital was given ataside $50 as a nucleus for an'educa- Bourbon College Friday evening untionalfund for the use of grandchil-j der the direction of Miss Giltner,dren ofc veterans. who has charge of the Music Depart-k - x ment, and Miss Kennedy, instructor of' - DON'T FAIL ' . Elocntion. The pupils rendered thefollowing varied program in a mannerDon't miss the opportunity tov see hiSllly Pleasing to the large andience:the 'big .dislay, of McDougall Kitch-- Valse E Minor ( Chopin) r Margareten Cabinets at . ' I Shivje.J. T. HlNTON'SSORGHUM.Phone us your order for ' sbme of,our nice' fresh sorghum, purest obtainable. 'v 'SAUER'S GROCERY,-(25-tf) Opp. Court House.;teachersconsider planfor. industrial exhibit.In response to a call issued by Miss,Robbins, County School Superintendent, many of the teacliers of BourbonCounty met at her office Saturday "atternoon to consider plans tor m-lustrial exhibits to be held in the !" So ,i f,?Spring in Paris, by the pupils of both!. -.yalse p' 42 (Chopm) Mary BUwhite and colored schools. j letr . . , fr. A , . , .nn, , i, , . ,. . .. ( Fast Friends (Comedy Sketch)'ii. a i?u .-!,: ii .three o'clock. All were "enthusiastic :u wutn. dUU L11C IV111LC ICUUICld illand will "interest theif pupils to get ;ready for the events. . 'FREE.1With ever3r suit of clothes or overcoat an extra pajr of pants, made to j v-order, free. See us before you buy. Hon. C. M. Clay, Oife of the dis(lt) RUMMANS & ELLJS. ' tinguished and well-known citizens ofL. ! Bourbon "county, and who lis long beenRIE spPPER AT THE ! identified with the business inter-BETHLEHEM CHURCH, t ests of the 'city and county, is "serious-ly ill at his home near this city, and' There will bVa pie supper at the ' his condition is regarde'd as critical.Bethlehem Church on WednesdaVi About three Weeks ago Mr. Clay7U;VK4 'VTVv.. Otf 4-1. v.d. c j.t. . IAmerican Church Missionary offering. !Admission, 25 Cents. j' : IDELAY IS DANGEROUS. 1; ..-The old laying, "He- who hesitatesf is lost' is certainly a true one, and':this applies to you it you are one of' those who have not made arrange-Hater' fluents to have your home or place ofbsine-ss i piped for natural gas. You.couldn't do better than to make vaur .family a present of a Garland GasLK&nge soia oy tne raris uas & .Electric Co. Think of the many steps youiWillsave' for the household if you in-tmlL,natural gas for heating and cook-jmf2 ueiay is aangerous. . , .(It) -PAIS MEN APPOINTEDA5 UtLtKiAlbS.tGov. McCreary has appoomteafcoantv iClerk Pearce Paton to repre-1llseiit Bourbon County as a delegate to !m, - . ' .. . - .'Sjfct,tk Sixth Annual Convention of the 'S3Mleriand Jliver Improvement As-!Sobtation at Nashville, Tenn., next jW4elay. He also designated Mr.Letf Price, of Paris, as a delegatefrom Bourbon County to atterid theInternational Congress at Berlin, Ger-lwmy, Jaanary z j.si4rt,rSOCiftL'AKO 'perbiinal:Mr. Monroe Sweeney, is confined"to iiis home -suffering witlra sliehtJ illness.Mrs. W.-R Enlis 'and daughter.tMiss Mary Ellis, will go to Glasgow'Monday for a visit.J Mr. Jesse Lovely, ""of Lexington.is the guest of his sister, Mrs. AlexTingle, on Fiften,th street. iMrs. Amos Turney, of this city,was .the guest last week of Mrs. A. J.McDougle, in Maysville. ' N-Mrs. "William Cooper is the guestof her parents, Mr. and Mrs! J. 'B.Litsey, in Harrodsburg.Miss Elizabeth Embry entertained with two tables of auctionbridge Friday afternoon.Miss Marie Talbott returned Sunday from a delightful visit withfriends at Kansas City, Mo.Capt. Ed. Taylor and Mrs. Taylor.of Lexington, are the guests of their 1relative, Mrs. Rebecca Hughes, on Mt.Airy.The German Club will entertainat Elks' Hall Thanksgiving night witha dance. The grand march will leadoff promptly at 8:30.Mr. and Mrs. Harvey Prewitt, ofMt. Sterling, were the guests Sunday of Mr. John Roseberry, at hishome -in the country.Mr. and Mrs. Henry Terrell leftSunday to visit Mr. Terrell's mother"at Orange, Va., and they will aisovisit in Washington, D. C.Judge and Mrs. Robert L. Stouthave taken board at the home of Mr.and Mrs. W. E. Boar while the former is holding court in this city.Mrs. W. K. Dudley, who underwent an operation atthe W. W. Massie' Hospital several days ago forblood noisnnine'. is imnrnvinn- rnnidlv' Mr. and Mrs. K. P. Snider anddaughter. Miss Nann.v KeiHi. of T.rmio.ville, are the guests of Mr. and ftrrsW. O. Hinton. Mrs. Snider was for-merly Miss Eva Freeman, sister ofMrs. Hinton. VMr. John K. Spears, of OklahomaCity, Okla., who has been visitinghis 'mother, Mrs. Henry Spears, hu&gone to Chicago, to visit his brother,Noah Spears, before returning to hisWestern home. 'Mr. Lewis Sarnett , Fretz, of Auburn, Ind., formerly conected with CheNews was a visitor in Paris yesterday, Mr. Fretz attended the meetingof the Ninth district Eductional Association, at Maysville last week andwas enroute home. He is at presentat the had of a large job printingconcern in Auburn, Ind.Mr. sand Mrs. Sidney G. Claygave an elegant six-o'clock dinner attheir beautiful country home, Mondayevening to fifteen guests, the occasionbeing, the fortieth anniversary of-Vil iny s Dirtn. lug dinner wasA i nanKsgiving Blessing (Reading)A'qvo I'q irarfAVTU LC. J. ? Vil UTJutterfly(Greig) Rebecca., Red-mon.Irish Folk Song (Arthur Foote)j Cora V. Parrish.j Humoresque (Dvorak) Neva Calj vert. 'I Pauline Pavlona (Reading) PatsyClark. "- ?Pas des Amphores . Chaminade)I Edith Shive.For All Eternity (with violin obli-gato) Elizabeth Mann. vFourth Mazurka' (Godard) Cora V.Parrish.A Thanksgiving Turkey (Reading)Belle Sigman.Characters: LauraLatimer, Neva"!alLertI Mbel Hamilton Sara Louise j"..y"i'w "maIL ,HON. C. M. CLAY SERIOUSLY -. ILL ATn HIS HOME.Hronf amt n tlo Qf .Tncanli TTrorifil in 1Lexington, wher he underwent a sur-gical operation. Rallying from the ,effects he returned to his liome last 2Wednesday, and on Saturday wasfflinp" wpIi fnriip-h tr nrrpnn rliA rn-: . . r , "7 " , r " .-". 'bacco sales of the Bourbon WarehouseCompany, in whifch he is interestedHe was taken ill Sunday, his illnessdeveloped into lock-jaw.Mr. Clay's daughter, Mrs. Shack-leford, of Richmond, and lissons.Cassius MCkiy, Jr., 'and John liar-,ris Clay, "who were aL, college, Yeresummoned and are a he bedside.Ahother daughtern Mrs . Cyr.il Goodman, in" Cairo, Egypt, was cabled "asto her father's illness.Renorts frhm Mr. Clav's bedside atI ci lqfo Iimit" lnof Tiiwlif in 'i rcf ai fliaf. U. .W M.VMM. WV LlbLLV aW.U. W..M.VJ his condition was very critcal, withchances, against his recovery.- BEAUTY PARLORS.Ladies, your toiletvis incomplete fora 'wedding, dance or reception with-out -a visit to ohr beauty parlors.Our expert artist, Miss Beitz, willmanicure your nails and dress yourhair in incomparable style if you willcalL Please phone and malce engagements. All kinds of beauiiful novelties i(ff hair dressing..' (25-tf) MRS. I M: A. PATON!.r.On4 Monday, December 1, "(coimtycourt dp, at the Court House door,,in Parifi. Tfv ahnnt fViQ .i-.iirv nf11:30" i will 'sell 'to fhe- highest bidder,iu5 acres of land on the Georgetownpike, just outside the city limits ofParis. Improvements consist of agood cottage, new tobacco ba," cistern, dairy, etc. This is an ideal location for a dairy or market garden.,, al uie same time J, will sell '3.acres onxGano street, in Paris; has a.d-room nouse and good barn. Thsplace has been usedfo'r a truck garden for a number of years,, and is asplendid investment. See large ad inanother column. .(It) GEO. RASSENFOSSKNTGHTS OF PYTHIAS TO MEET,Rathbone Lodge No. 12, Knights ofPythias, will confer the first, or .Page'Rank, on ten candidates Thursdavevening, Nov. 27, beginningN at 7:00o'clock sharp. After the conferringof 'the -Rank a banquet will be servedat Kid StouKs Cafe. All members "ofthe order are' invited. Capt. -NoelGaines, of Frankfort will deliver theprincipal address.I -FvOR THE CHILDREN.We are showing the most durableline of schoorshoes for. boys andgirls that were ever brought to Paris.They are not rough, heavy goods,but neat and showy, and will weartwice as long or longer than , anyother shoe made., ,(25-ti) - GEO. McWILLIAMS.REV. ELLIS TO CONDUCT "MEETINGS IN RICHMONDRev. W. E. Ellis left for Richmondyesterday to conduct a series ofmeetings in the new Christian Churchwhich was dedicated" Sunday with appropriate ceVemonies. Mr. Ellig willbe gone' over nex,t Sunday ' and hispulpit - will be supplied 'by xRev.Barnes, pastor of the Richmondchurch.FOR THANKSGIVING DINNER.Everything good to eat for ' theThanksgiving dinner, includingdressed -fowls of all kinds, oysters, cel:ery,s "cranberries, etc. Phone usyour order- $$ you want .somethingfresh and good.' For the -cash wesave you big money,- tead our special price list in our advertisement.(It) T. C. LINEHAN.WHY NOTWhen you buy why not buy thebest especially if it does not cost anymore?. We are talking about 'McDougall Kitchen Cabinets.i J. T.HINTON. '1 1FARNK CROXTON TOGIVE RECITAL DEC. 5.Fraiik Croxton, the eminent bassoofNew York City, whose appearancewas announced some weeks ago for auaie in uecemoer, win give ja sonjrecnai ai tne Baptist unurch December 5. It has been several yearssinbe Mr. Croxton was heard in a recital here, and being a favorite, heshould be given an ovation on thisoccasion. v ' '3E SURE.See McDougall's Kitchen CabinetsatJ. T. HlNTON'S.Lost.Double-barrel, hammerrless shot igun in leather cse. Lost on Hisrh.between 4th and 12th streets. Finder!return to News office and get reward. 1For Rent.Four-room flat. Furnished or unfurnished. Modern conveniences.E. Tenn Phone 919.Cakes! Cakes!I am ready to steam your Black !Tnolme our! Pnnon "Ctiiif Oolrnc" rr t, rt E T phon 595 .LIZZI CURRENT,21-2t)Singer Street. 'i x Chocolate,. 5Maraschino, tVanilla .;j Caramel T;EDr 'Sattirday; i;:::sBros.,5 Paris,. KentuckyIDEAL DAIRY LOCATI6n..: .' smHip Pies, j-Pniinfnn Pluh PqIqpf uuuiiu y uiuu uuiiuu, fBaldwin'tS.FIRE DEPARTMENTS CLL.ED',s " QUT Y FALSE ALARM. -The, fire department as- called cut'Sunday morning about 7:30. o'clockm response to "an alarm from Idox: 26whiclii lccfcted on Tenth street.There was no fire i.i that vicinity,and the claim was probably sent inas a joke. The practice of sendingin false alarms is .becoming greater,and an7pffprt should be made to apprehend the parties guilty of v such anoffense, which is punishable by a fine.Bre, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & WoodfordlMINCE MEAT AND PLUM PUDDINGWe have t-he best Mincemeat,'Plum Pudding and Fruit Cakes.(It) CV. P. COOK '& CO...GA5 RANGES.Just received, a,carloadofNew Process Gas Rangesat A. JF.' Wheeler FurnitureCompany, opposite Courthouse.Rainy dayentertainmentWhen a rainy day comesalong: and the children are"housed up", they won't mindstaying indoors if there's aVictor-Victrola to help passthe time.Instructive as well as entertainingan instrument thafshould be in" every home, especially whei;e there are children. -And it's so easy,to own. a Victbr-'Victrola $15 to$200, and we'll arrange terms to suit,if desired, 'ri -u -fj -tf Bi ''' - 11 1 i' J a J ,'.-1IMl jgvrffffRwaaf 1"""IImm I r"i ,;i Tii i , in, - m Whnnoc l nrKa. cin iVi. .-uaugntrtfons. -mmmmmmtrmmmJ ;. 'I - H W MM mf "P Hi lU Ii -7 r,z. sggg i ( mm asi mm m J. -i i i i v ?' s N. y ta1, i or v ' il MlM 1 I WA a ' ' ..,'-.- r? .A Fjfe Bfrt- iKPlllili . y .--. . xt w?i. .nyvvm1 . rcraa .,. " - awn . -,i- -" ."-."" '.J.'" .'" -"11111 ur UPl tt - imi- rrrz i . x .'-" rI "':v L 11 ' j'gjHj ' 'V - . --Vi - 'i, immmmsr ?v Bv mumw27 v w. r ; r - -? .: rI l s s I-.,1T fAA i"Z fi Mffi nhi 111' & , J.L1 t - - Sir. . .I A' A McDougall combines the Pantry, Cupboard and KitchenTable in one. The cost of -a McDougall is small compared.with any other article in-your house or with any other- Kitchen Cabinet See the New Disappearing Fronts. Seethe New Idea Flour Bins.Above all else, do not buy a Kitchen Cabinet untilydu see what you can buy here.LOOK AT THEM IN OUR WINDOWS-v.?,Wood MantelsJ.T. MWTQMx SAVES YOU MONEY .jl Wood JVIantels Undertaking . . , Ambulance? V f J;i -mmymmmmm!r?mm!!mfmm mmm.fm Si!SlTT,, """" mJ - vyI -HandkerchiefsMWe wish to tell you about our immense stock we ape no- showing;. - JfNovelties from the greatest Handkerchief makers in the world. Even,-. B"conceivable idea ill handwork, from thev villages of Ireland Switzerland,France, Amernia and' Maderia', in elaborate and dafiitv embroiderv. '- - rThe new 1 1-4 inch liem embroidered.The foiled and whipped colored edee.v The 'dainty glove handkerchief.1 The Tiffany an 1 Longfellow initials in white and colors."The exquisite Maderia works, with scalloped edges.The-one-corner embroidery in the blind, French knpt and seetl stich.Our fancy Xmas'boxed Handkerchiefs cannof. be excelled.' s. " . Very SpecialLadies' All Linen sheer one cornerr-- quamy, oniy yc eacn.Only 60 dozen in thelot. Come early before the assortment is broken.i - vIf it is a handkerclnefs ypu want, we can please youLHandkerchiefs for the whole family from 3c to 3.0o each. f :We'will show the largest line of Xmas novelties in the city.W. Ed Tucker." Paris' Oulj- Exclusive Dry Goods Store.-- rvyMtrM f mThe LatestBmmmmfmswtmmms bvs. THE BABY DOLL SHO9in Patent, Colt, CIoth'Top.Also the English Walking Shoe in Tan- and Gun Ml eta I.We Have Tlje Season's NewestN$2& I 7 r . -bMWI vM FP'wirnRi. vwm M. a Rnr m.' tm l . . . .McDOUGLLyKitchen CabinetsThe Step and Money SaversUndertaking. k::embroider- dainty patterns, 25cSensation !- S "!!frtMcWilliams,-m"V,vEmbalming.;jy,'6?IrIH V'iTT,.t-.njj?si-',Km4-it. -nr- 4ll 4 - ' f.4r&""- -.C-?,"? - J-T--j j-. ..&rr tJt-saII ..lrrIK.;u'j-'v.1 A3 If.?-;SEmSBEBSD. D. D, Opens Jtew Erain Cur c of Skin DiseaseProfessor udlongs case of eczema-jraa known to almost every hospitalsmd physician of reputation throughout-the state of Connecticut. ' His letter isanother interesting demonstration of-what is being accomplished by thefamous specific D. D. !., Prescription."'It may be of interest to you to knowihat your life-giving: preparation, D.3. If. Prescription has been of mcalHlable value to me. I was coveredTWith eczema from head to foot whenil began using your remedies. I could'et no relief, although I tried a thoutaand means. I applied but two bot--Jlesof the Prescription; a cure wasfleeted in & very, short time, in lessthan, one month." Prof. C. J. Budlong,South Lyme, Conn. 'Ask any druggist today f or p D. D?Prescription. He'll tell you it allaysthe itch iastantly and soon there aresigns of cure."We have handled' the remedy foryears and regard it as the specific forskin troubles of all kinds. Come in orask us about D. D. 3. Prescription,also about D. "D. D. soap especially,for tender skins."We offer the first full size bottleon the guarantee that unless it stopsthe itch at once, it costs you notcent.ANNUAL CORN SHOWTo. i Held In' Lexington SalfnJanuary. CV,C. E. BUTLER & CO.mI. C. U. R.Looking For a Place Where YouCan Save Money in Buying:Holiday Necessities -Here is the place that can save you from 25 tor50per cent, on all your wants. We carry a fuli line ofMen's, oys'and Children's Ready-to-Wear Clothes,Consisting of Suits, Overcoats, Odd Pants, HuntingCoats, Etc. A full line of Men's, Ladles' and Children's Footwear. Ladies' Suits, Cloaks and Skirts,Misses' and Children's Dresses. A nice assortmentof Holiday. Jewelry and many other items too numerous to mention, in which we can. save youmeney. Be sure and make ' this vstore your, headquarters when you come to town. You will be convinced when you give us a trial.,STAR CLOTHING HOUSE,J. ELVOVE, Prop.Our Call Home Phone 360ItannaiMiiMimn,: . THo a CIT 'jw"; syX' t I Kbnvffiyisiffhrm: American fmMi-hi : llmkltemwi&S&SzM.! IIS ' i. aiiiiiiiu msmBsmmiiii dgCEuuchR iMachine igfiMK lef?5saiyJIN V- WliVi'i wmmmmsh ? wVThe Latest AdderCosts But $35See our exhibit ask oc10 days' trialHere is a new price on a competent Adder. On a machine thatis rapid, full size and infallibleThe very latest machine, builtby men who know how, in oneof the largest metal-working shopsIt is an individual Adder, to heplaced on one's desk, close to one'sboks and papers. To take theplace of the central machine, requiring skilled operators.The price is duetto utter simpUcity, and to our enormous output Seven keys do all the work.TSA.dk coDied number issliown tip for checking before the addition is made.The machine will add, subtract and multiply. "With veryslight practice .anyone cancompute a hundred figures aminute. And the machinenever makes mistakes.Countless offices, large andsmall, are getting from thesemachines the highest class ofservice.Now we make this offer so thatoffices everywhere may lear whatthis machine means to them.1 0 Days' TestWe will gladly place in anyoffice one American Adder for aThere will be no obligation,ten-days' test,and charges will be prepaid.Combpare it with 'any non-lister-eventhe costliest. Let anyone use it. See if any machinecan serve better than this..JusC send us this coupon andwe'll send the machine.Please send us an American Adding Machine for ten days' free trial.r Street AddressNameCityStateManufactured andZGiiaranteed byAMERICAN CAN COMPANY, CHICAGOSoldlby Joseph Candioto Co., Lexington, Ky.GEO. y. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAX 187; NIGHT S99. ,IA BRONCHtAL COUGHis wearing and dangerous because the inflamed,mucus-filled Jtubes interfere with breathing and thefresh air passes through that unhealthy tissue. .Probably no other remedy affords such promptand permanent jelief a,s Scott's Emulsion; itchecks the cough, heals the linings of the throatand bronchial tubes and strengthens the lungs toavert tuberculosis. .This point cannot be emphasized too strongly that Scott's Emulsion has-een suppressing bronchitis for forty years andwill help yOUmBe careful to avoid substitutes and insist on SCOTT'S.T ANY DRUG STORE. 13-77VKThe fourtli'"annual show-of tfie Kentucky --Corn Growers Association willbe" held in Lexington, January v5-10 .in-'which will he held at the College pfAgriCUUUre. A. yi euiuwoi j picmiuiulist has been issued' by P. M. McKee,President. Following are the rulesrfor1. All exhibitors must pay the Association fee of fifty cents, which entitles themto the privilege of the Asssociation. No exemption is made forthe Boys' Department.2. Entries .close Saturday,. January 3. Exhibits must be in place .notlater than Monday, January 5, at 4D. m. "This will enable exhibitors at-tending Farmers' weeK to oring tneirexhibits with them. Exhibits may beshipped prepaid to the Secretary, whowill place them on exhibition. Do notexpect any extension 01 time, jnnyhinnirs should be secured from theSecretary. Do not ship corn withoutyour name and addres-'written -plainlyon the outside. Do .not enclosecommunications in the box.3. All exhibits remain the. propertyof the owner. Directions should begiven on the entry blank for disposition of exhibits ufter the show, otherwise they become the property ofthe Associations4. No boxes frojh persons who havenot paid their fees will be opened.5. No exhibitor will oe aiioweu tomake more than one entry in anyone class. A separate sample mustbe provided for each class entered.Prize winning exhibits in each Diyision vill be entered in. the propersweepstakes classes.6. Exhibits will be entered only inthe Division in which they are grown7. All exhibits imust haye beengrown by the exhibitor in 1913.8. In the yield and profit conteststhe exhibitor must file certificate ortwo disinterested persons who measured the ground and weighed thecorn. The certificate must stateweights and measures. In the case,of boys corn clubs the certificatemust be approved by the County Superintendent or other persons whomay be in charge of the, boys' cornclub of the county. Contestants foryield and profit must make an exhibitof 10 ears of ctrn grown in the contest corn. Less than one acre willnot admit to this , contest. Actualweights for the whole acre must begiven.9. In making up the cost of production, an itemized statement mustb'e submitted showing all expenditures, the labor, and tlie materiaibused. Labor will be valued at 5cents per day for boys sixteen yersor under and $1.00 per day for men;1,000 of 75 P.pnts tier day. Manure 1will be valued at S1.00 per two-horsewagon load, on account of part of theTmino rpmaininc in the soil. All fertilizers will be charged at full cost.The corn will be charged at ou centperi bushel. ' .,10 Thev yield is to be determinedbv weighing the ear corn when drawnfrom the field, 70 pounds of ear cornbeing allowed to the bushel.ah pprtificates must be filed withJthe Secretary not later than JanuaryBlank forms will be furnished formaking yield certificates.The final premium list giving theamounts of the premiums will be issued in due time, 'Score cards giving he standards bywhich the corn will be judged will besent on application.wpdnpsrtav. January 7th, will be'.Corn Growers' Association day in the!Farmers' Week. A very attractiveprogram of addresses on crop production and soil. fertility -will be offered.Every day during Farmers' Weekthere will be classes in corn judging.For full , information on Farmers'Week address T. R. Bryant, superintendent of Extension Division, College of Agriculture, Lexington, Ky.For the nurnose Jof creating moreinterest in the Corn Show, the Statehas been divided into three divisionsin which premiums will be offered.The First Division comprises Lewis,Rowan, Menifee, Powell, Estill, Jackson, Rockcastle, Laurel, Whitley, andall counties lying to the east.The Third Division comprises nardin, Larue, Green, Metcalf, Monroe,-and all counties lying to the west.The Second, Division comprises ancounties lying "between the First andThird Divisions.In each Division liberal premiumswill be offered in the followingclasses:Class 1. Teh ears white dent corn.Class 2. Ten ears yellow dent cornClass 3. Ten ears dent corn otherthan Avhte or yello'w.Class 4. Single ear white dentcorn.Class 5. Single ear , yellow dentcorn.Class 6.- Single ear dent cornother than white or yellow.Class 7. One peck wheat, 'any variety.Class 8. One peck oats, any variety? Class 9. One peck soy beans, anyvariety.Assuming that it will be of interest to the Corn Growers' Associationmembers the following announcement of the Tobacco Show is made:Class 1. Flyings. .Class 2. Trash.Class 3. pLugs. Class 4. -CigaretteWrapper. Class 5 Bright Leaf.Class 6. Red Leaf.This show is the result of the interets manifested by the .warehousemen and manufacturers of Lexington.Tile tobacco will be exhibited in 10pound packages. 'The t exhibits willbe sold on Saturday January 10, at10 a. m., at one of the warehouses inLexington.All exhibits of tobacco must be inplace at the Agricultural ExperimentStation Building not later than Saturday, January 3, 1914.The Boys' Corn Club Departmentis for boys who are members of organized boys' corn clubs, and haveactually grown the corn they proposeto exhibit.In each Division -liberal premiumswill be offered in tfie followingclasses:"Class 1. Ten" ears dent corn, anymH S Sincle ear corn, any color,Clasa: 3:-rHighets -yield' of .corn onan. 'acre.,' " i ' '.- 'Fbr th State at large-Befsf altbushel corn, any color (35 -ears)? .-fitjitP. sWeenstakes Beet ten earscorn, any color ;v Best single ear, - anycoior; Highest yiefd per acre.Lexington Commercial Club Sjpe-ii a ailveir nitnhp.r valued at $50will be awarded to the person in theState showing the highest profits onan acre of jprn. This is open to anyperson in the State, man or boy, subject to . the rules of certificationstated in rules 8, 9 and 10. This trophy must' be won twice before it becomes the permanent property of thewinner. It was awarded to I. v.Hooper, Morganfield, Ky-in 1912, andto Lester Bryant, Rockfield, lastratrmA Saving of& hvFuelfttk SoftCoalySlackox Einite.nrMPPPHftlilIk ft k yfl 7;Tti fiyear.Most of the premiums will be cash.Donations of farm implements to beused for premiums will be acceptbleand will be prominently displayed -inthe show room.The judge will be announced in thefinal premium list.HOW'S THIS?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhCure.F. J. CHENEY' & CO., Toledo, Ot,We,' the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney for the last 15 years, andbelieve him perfectly honorable in allbusiness transactions and financiallyable to carry out any obligations"made by his firni.NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE,Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of tne system.Testimonials sent freeC. Price 75c.nor bottle. Sold bv all druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for con-Nstipation.Nov. - (adv)SILVER WIREPushed Into Artery That SendsBlood Through the Body.theOpening the chest, within a fewinches of the heart, and pushing ten.feet of silver wire into a disorderedaorta the big artery that sends theblood through the body was one ofthe operations performed recently atthe clinics af the -Congress of Surgeons df North America, in session inChicago.The operation was performed byDr. G. G. Dowdall, of Chicago, assisted 'by Dr. L. L. Eisirian, Dr. J. EKelly" and Dr. W. T. Harsha, at Mercy HospitalThe operation, which is consideredto be one of the most delicate insurgery, was watched with great interest by scores of the attending delegates. The aneurism of the ' descending arch of the aorta, whichwas operated on, was almost twoinches in diameter, it is said.Operating ampitheaters of Chicagowere taxed to their utmost while the3,000 visiting surgeons crowded into witness nearly 500 operations in101 clinics.Difficulty of following the delicatetechnique, which is the importantpart of most of the operations, jcaused advocacy of a large specialampitheater for the use of mastersurgeons' in demonstrting new metnods to conventions.A large number of clinics were given to bone and joint repair. Severalbone transplantation operationswere demonstrated. The completerebuilding of ankylosed or solidifiedjoints was shown.' You get back the original cost of your stove in thefuel money saved each winter. Could you ask for more?Here is' the Guarantee on, Cole's OriginalHot Blast HeaterBacked Up in Every Particular by the Makers: g1 a saving o one-third in fuel over any lowerdraft stove of the same size, with soft coal,slack or lfgnite. ,"2--That Cole's Hot Blast will use less hard coalfor heatingji given space than any base burnermade with Ihe same size fire pot."3 That the rooms can be heated from jne to twohours each, morning with the soft coal or hardcoal put in the stove the evening before."4 That the stove will hold fire with soft coal fromSaturday night until Monday morning."5 A uniform heat day and night, with soft; coal,,hard coal or lignite."6 Jhat every stove will remain absolutely air-tightas long as used.7 That the feed-door is and will remain smoke anddust-proof."8 That the, Anti-Puffing Draft will preventpuffing."All we ask is that the stove shall be operated according to directions and connected with agood flue."(Signed) COLE MANUFACTURING ,CO."Not Inc.(Makers of tRe Original Patented Hot Blast Stove.)This Guarantee can not be made on any other heating,stove. " s.If you want economy and real home comfort, come inana let us sell vou one of these stoves.E. M. WHEELER FURNITURE CO.Robnccl BmMwg, Cor. Main and 8thSee the name "Cole'" on feed ,Joorof each xtove None genuine withoutIfr-y-JX:A NIGHT OF TERRORFew nights are more terriblethan that of a child choking andgasping fdr breath during an attackof croup, and nothing in the house torelieve it. Many mothers have passed nights of terror in this situation.A. little forethought will enable you toavoid all this. .Chamberlain's CoughRemedy is a certain cure for croup,and has never been known to fail.Keep it at hand. For sale by all dealers. ' (adv)Nov.Kindness, courtesy ahH punctuality,Endeavor we to give you.Less money, good quality, . .Long weight; and anyEncouragement we appreciateRing 715 and 106 and we will'Send your order and our thanks. .Keller Grocery Company4?ExjattKjBult& o4 ., ' pHMRS. MMUELLER.P. O. Box 321, Hawley,Wayne Co., Penn.I TOOK PE-RU-NAWat Able to Sleep and EatAgain, iMrs. Muellersays: "I keepPeruna . in thehouse constantly. When I amnot feeling wellI take a fewdoses. It alwaysrestores.""' Mrs. Mueller'sstory of her experience withPeruna fully explains why shealways keepsPeruna on hand.A few years agoshe was verysick. The trouble seemed to be thestomach and liver. She sufferedgreat pain. Was unable to get anything to help her. She was growingweaker and weaker. She becametired of life.' Somebody suggested that she writeto the Peruna Co. She did so.Through ' their advice she began touse Peruna. In a letter from her atthis time she says: "Through the.use of Peruna I havp regained myhealth. I took only a bottle and ahalf when I was able to sleep andeat again and my nervousness disappeared." No wonder Mrs. Muellerkeeps Peruna in the house. Undersimilar circumstances 'Peruna wouldbe in every house in the land.Any one taking B Peruna ought tohave a free copy of the "Ills of Life."Address Peruna Co., Columbus, Ohio.People who object to liquid medicine can, now obtain .Perurra Tablett.LOEXXHHHlilHillrlJLUVPHUHITSpot Cash for CreamButter Fat for Week Ending November 25, 34cSell your cream to v the Tri State Butter Co., Cincinnati, O., theCreamery that put poor old IJlgin down and out, so far. as prices is con-fcerned. Our price week ending Oct. 19th being 32c.The Tri fetate is not an experiment, hut is a RESPONSIBLE and?oiuriij ana xrnMBHAJNuas-L- vreamery witn tj,uuu shippers in three Statesrand a capital stock of $75,000 paying Spot Cash for every shipment.The keynote of our business policy has been to establish a rpni,?tation of absolute responsibility and integrity in every transaction. ThVj security of our SAFE AND PRMANETN market gives the shiDnerleeimg ot relief ana satisiaction not only to-day hut EVERY TIMEships. The Tri State shipper is always sure of hi& money and sureTri State check covers the real value of his' cream.It is easy to ship cream to the Tri State,, as we use the sour creamsimply sending a -can once or twice aweek, depending upon your facilitiesfor keeping it cool. ' r ,Free cans for thirty, plays' triat are sent prepaid upon request, othere is any further information desired, write usaf once. 'afhe3eif.The Tri State Butter Co., CincinnatVlSCapital Stock $75,000'.irtft.1rK . nl. . tv1rS.-0 T f,""i. J1i ?e1w$.,jir-if3'--Jtr,-- .v - vU V W- MJf -s'A ' Vt;lHb BOURBON NEWS,PAR1S, KENCKY, NOVEMBER 1913-MatineePARIAND.MatineesEsaBBscw -'j ,je jgjpwVSKSVVSSSPL. ''Special Thanksgiving Attraction.r?RMH SJ I Brht flk Sx Bk Sv I SBV Br-"" AW. .Bfl BfBk fl1" SSk SxPft.nurauAi. rJvcLincii, - jt?i . EUGENE W4LTERS1 GREATEST SUCCESS!0unr mYbW ,r-anilM-- -. , , . iandf,-, &a - sbbbbbbbbbb, bmbbi ew .h bbbbbbbi . bbs-Mf.BBsf I lo bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbi V A V ''Lbbbbbb! ttl4FX5w -rBr"-.- -5kl.-jrHen- - -;rt',I. N'4-.:::Night.FURSAND HIDESHIGHEST MARKET PRICE PAIDFOR RAW FURS AND HIDESWool on CommlNion. Write for pricelist mentioningJOHN WHITE & CO.WHIP S APPLIED"To Backs of Negroes, Convicted ofEntering Homes in Delaware.William Reasoji and James Byard"two young negroes, who were convict8-ed of having entered two houses withhe intent to commit larceny, were-whipped at the whipping post of theNewcastle county workhouse in Wilmington, Delaware, Saturday. TheyIiad been sentenced to 40 lashes andreceived 20 last Saturday.The agitation in Congress over the-cases of these two men attracted attention to the whipping, and the attendance of spectators was unusuaally large. Reason was led out andthe 20 lashes were applied to hishack by Warden Crawford, afterI1jX C M. CLAY, President .Bourbon TobaccoWarehouse Co.s -.I : : , l1 Average Price Opening Day, 1913; - f- 13.7Q 8. 9 8I Average Price Opening Day, Lexington, Ky., 1913, 13.19 i3!, Average Price thisHI tSelling1We -Have Rooin on the Inside for Seventyfive, Loaded Wagons. v We Solicit Your Patronage and Guarantee Courteous '"x ' -. '" A;V r $!! , .VJifesfe :V-A14-1 rw tthis ad.5.which Byard received his secondwhipping. The two men scarcelyflinched as the "cat" was applied totheir bare backs.Warden Crawford told inquirers hehad never seen blood drawn sincewhipping post had been establishedat thework house. Several of thewitnesses said that they approved ofa whipping such as they had justse'en, as it inflicted no physical injury, and as a mental reminder ofpunishment might prove more effective to some criminals than imprisonment. It isn't always rocks that wrechthe foarks launched on the sea of matrimony. Most of the time 4t is thelack of of rocks.r'' 4EDW.JOHN.mxt&ton.mxwHsStr &J L W(Paris, Kentuckymarket 1 year ago,,Charges 2 per cent, andi5 cents per hundred.Treatment and Prompt ServiceMatinee Prices Children 25 Gents; Adults 50 Gents.Night Prices 25 Cents o $1.00.DECLARE WAR ON COLDSA crusade of education which aimsthat common colds may become uncommon within the next generation,has been begun by New. 'York physicians. Here is a list of "dont's" thatthe doctors say will prevent the annual visitation of the cold:"Don't sit in a draughty car.""Don't sleep in hot rooms.""Don't avoid the fresh air."' "Don't stuff yourself at meal time.Overeating reduces your resistance."To which we would add when youtake a cold get rid of it as soon aspossible. To accomplish that youwill find Chamberlain's Cough Remedy most excellent. Sold by all dealers, (adv)Nov.BROTHERS FIGHTDUEL TO DEATH.At Oakdale, Boyle county, SamuelJackson, it is alleged, was raising a.disturbance at his home when hisbrother, William" Jackson, rjeputySheriff, attempted to quiet him. Thetwo brothers fired at each other simultaneously, and according to reports, both dropped dead in theirtracks. Both jmen left families.:iI a rBURKE, mccT. COLLINS, ManaSrs-S:::,s".-5 "fx'v-'- x . - 12.39s' 9III bbbbbbb '-rTHHi)THEATRICAL, ".The Wolf."Those who see "The Wolf" at theParis Grand next Thursday matineeand night, will find themselves in thevast woodlands of Northern, Canada,where the breezes are fragrant of thepine. It is autumn, and the scenethat is laid before the eye is thedlearing in front of the house of oldMcTavish. His is a lonely home.There only lives wh him his daughterj golden haired Hilda.His house become the rendesvousfor jx party of American engineers,led by McDonald, the genius of thewilderness, the man. whose acute,broad mind makes it possible for thebuilding of a railroad over steepmountains and broad valleys. In hisprofession a giant, in his normal .nature a satyre, is McDonald. Andeven as he is a guest at the house ofMcTavjsh there are two men at hiselbow who have for two years beenhunting him men who have a single idea as to what they will do whentliey meet him. They are resolved tokill, him. For McDonald had in yearsback met Annette, a pretty half-breedOjibway girl a good girl, communicant to the church; more French thanIndian; a child who had all the simplicity of her Indian (mother, while shehad the teachings of a good Christian father of the remote parish. 'McDonald, conscienceless hadcourted her, won her 'confidence, betrayed her then left her to bear hej1shame. And she had not been ableto bear it.i She had wandered, halfcrazed with grief into a. blizzard, andshe had died in the swirling now.Her half-breed brother, Jules Beaubien,. a splendid young French Canadian, only learned of Annette's existence when her father was on hisdeath bed. The young man is leftheir to a big fortune and immediatelystarts north in search of his littlesister with the idea of educating -herand surrounding her life with luxu,ries. He traced the child to herhome, only to discover the frightfuldeath which she had suffered, because of McDonald's treachery.He tmeets Baptiste LeGrand, thegirl's clean-hearted loverv who wasto have married her; but it was whileLeGrand was away in the Northworking for the Hudson Bay Company that McDonald appeared andwith his suavities and worldliness jmisled the girl into believing thathis love was honest and that hemeant to marry her.Jules and Baptiste have been hunting this man for two years. Jules, byrful talk in which he causes Mc-or-idto believe that he, too. is al)herne, has gotten from McDonald'sown 1','5 the pitiful story of AnnetteThno ,v a further situation thatmaos Jiis' anger against McDonaldrisp ven r- to the white heat thatit la Mv.iv, heen. Jules is m lovewith .Hildp, ar'l it is plain that Mc)opld is ""klnc to injuro this girlwoman ns h di'l 'little Annettf.He has filled her lite head with fascinating stories of th beauty of lifein the great cities the operas, theater', handsome gowns, ' glitteringjewels.This is the sihiatio-" p'nd h"w it allworks out forms a theme of humaninterest from which the attention ofthe audience ennnot be diverted,while it works lefore their eyes toits tragic end,-ainl this nd furnishes,so it is said, one 01 the most tremendous emotional scenes ever presented on any stage.It is claimed that "The Wolf" is abig, vital, thrilling play. It has nota cheap line in it. Neither has it ahackneyed situation."The Wolf" is sure to meet Wth ahearty reception on its presentationhere. Its . long run f at Chicagoargues well for its drawing qualities.Special 25c and Matinee; Nightprices 25c to $1.00.' " (adv)NERVOUS AND SICK HEADACHESTorpid liver, constipated bowels anddisordered" stomach are the causes ofjthesve headaches. Take Dr. King'sNew Life Pills, and you "will be surprised how quickly you will get relief..They stimulate the different organsfto do their work properly. No betterregulator for the liver and, bowels.Take' 25c. andTinrest in a box today.t all druggists of Iby mail.- H. H.Baoklen AJb" Co7, .Philadelphia and StLirs " " -" iNor (adT)1'VxTONIGHT.Tonight, if you feel dull and stupid,or bilious and constipated, take adose of Chamberlain's Tablets andyou will feel all right tomorrow. Forsale by all dealers. (adv)Nov. 'the Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing iq more important in thehome t nan clc r, steady light. Insarotms by fretttner the oil that burnsclear and clean without a" flickerdown to the Ht drop7 Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.fvtH no more than the inferioit 'nkwa"on oils saves MOSEY sa esWORK aves eves.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our u orks.IGhas. C. Stol! Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "NoCarb"Auto OiLNo matter whether the thermometerregisters 105 above or 25 below zero,Amalgamated Are Roofingcan't be aff ecrsd a particle.N,o matter tho curves or valleys ofyour roof you. need no tin to coverthem, for Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGis very rJiable. It is the Perfect Rowing,and the insurance rntc n no higher thanwhen slate or metal iz used.We authorize ouPHsent! to refund the monejif our Roofing is not pcrtectly satisfactory.AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO.Chicago, IllinoisSold by Millersburg Coal andLumbre Co.,Miliersbursr Ky.Here Is the HogLexington, Ky.BOURBON REMEDY CO.,Enclosed find photo of hog that wascored of cholera with your BourbenHog Cholera Remedy. This hog wasalmost dead before using the medicineand then was entirely cured,- exceptloss of ears, tail, etc. Tke bog fsowmed by Mr. Skilea Swing, of Bawling Green, Ky. He .will be glad togive yo.a testimonial, and we ca geteereral inore if yon want them "JBNKINS-SUBLBTT DRUG CO.,Bo wllag Qreen, Ky ." Ak Your Dnwiet f or ItFOR SALE BY W. T. BROOKS.J-Night.4 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDepositsYour Deposits Arc GuaranteedYOU TAKE NO RISKSIf You Are Interested" Write UsUNION STATE BANIMuskogee, OklahomaCapita! $100,000 -FullyPaidVogue- ClothesFORYoung Centlemei 'i,v8 A Special Feature with us. W9 r"v mxSuits and -Overcoate j -$18.00 to $20:00!!m 'King Quality Shoes For fMen and Boysioains SS Doyle BuildingZ Oct 3 tfKloodlawn Dairy 0roodlas&.Dairy, and my wagon is now i miibPure Jersey cream ad xiilk. T0phone orders will receive prorapt atention.R. P. GOLIJBR,Bethlehem P)kCumberland phone 540;Home phone 79,(Nov 7-lmo)For Sale.Radiant Home Heater in goo coi1"dition. will sell cheap. tCall Cumberland Phone 3S4 or istquire at News office. (14-ltyCakes! Cakes!I am ready to steam your Black:Cakes and Pecan Fruit Cakes eevshort notice. Phone 995.LIZZIE CURRBNT, . v21-2t) , Singer tree.FOR RENT.v The. Epiecopal parsoaage,oa Mt. Airy Ayeaer costtaiacNrooms, gosseesion Nor. 17.particulara, iffij toMK8. W. V.(i4-ti) - m t.HFlannaodR5.ia.n-kr iirv-E""BOURB0Nl NEWS; ;PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOVEMBER 25, 191?feji'to 2wit.Vli1,-rIn ''! )ifc'vr4TNEWS OE MILLPURGMiss Kazet Kerr, who has beenijraie ill for the past" week is improving. "Tlr. and Mrs. T. T) TlPKr nf Hvn-' iTkian, are guests of Mr. and Mrs.t r n a.Mesdames W. G. McClinock andt tW, T. Bedford, of Lexington, were the,. igueets of their sister, Mrs. M. P. Col-'lier, Saturday.1 y - Miss Stella Hutchins, of Bloom-'-jield, was the guest of Miss Ruth"" Stirman from Thursday until Monday.Mr. Joel Mock had a sale Satur-dy afternoon of household goods thatye Jie did not care to, move. EverythingC Jkrousht good prices.Miss Amelia Hurst,, who under-"wemt an operation Thursday for ap-ireadicitis at St Joseph' Hospital, in- X.4xington, is doing nicely.tV s 'judge T. P. Wadell closed the-- 'turkey butchering season here for.JC. S. Brent & Bro.,Thursday, after-slaughtering 6,500 of the birds.Mesdames Sheldon Reed and Williar.4 Maett, of CyntKiana, have re-turned to their homes after 'a fewdays' visit -to Mrs. V.'L. Barton., ' t?pv w n wir rpfnrnpdWridavto his -home at Reeves, Tenh after avisit to friends here. Rev. ""Weir was, m the college chapel Monday evererly pastor of the Associate Re- ninS- He was greeted by a largetorn Presbvterian Church here. audience, and his hearers were notI disappointed. He is an interestingMrs. Elizabeth Stirman an- talker, a fluent speaker, and has hisutotmces tne engagement oe ner aaugn -ter Ruth Beeding, to Mr, Robert He-jnek Hudson, the wedding to takeplacethe latter part of December."" Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Stewart haveTeamed from Carlisle, where Mr.,,"Stewart Jias ben engaged by Chas."S. Brent & Bro., during the turkey, -season. Mr. Stewart slaughtered.Tut 6;000 of the birds.' Our offices nd yards will be closei xall day on November 27 on accunr of Thanksgiving holiday.Please anticipate your needs for. thatay and secure them in advance as- deliveries will be made.D.'E. CLARK & CO.l-2t Millersburg Coal & Lumber Co.' The banks and postoffice vTill beNlesed Thanksgiving day, also thei M.F. C. and 'the Public School will oh,-sjfrve the day. A special menu of allOk? good things the mSfket affords-Yri& e served at the Taylor House,lift Stirman House and the MitchellsjJCuse on that day.Mr. Clarence Wasson entertained"the following house party from Saturrday until Monday: Miss FrankieClarke, of Little Rock; Miss Nettie' Lou. Banks and Mrs. Will Franklin, Jof Winchester, and Miss Anna Reynolds, cf Carlisle. He was assistedin entertaining by - his sister, Mrs.Rayaicnd Taylor., Mrs. C. M. Best entertained arook "party Friday afternoon. Therewere seventeen tables, and quite anumber present who .did not indulge ;In the game. The occasion was a , a man can walk a klock" with andelightful one. A regular meat and other woman and discuss 4 678 subsalad lunch was" served. In the eve-, jects in & delightful manner -And lieniag she entertained the faculty of ' could walk nine miles with, his wifethe M. F. C. with a six o'clock dinner. ' 31H not be able to think of a" darnThis was also one of the many pleas- thing to say.I ' Vol V-If frlIBS. 9m .'M vs?FALL AND WINTER SHOESAt Greatly Reduced PricesOur big cash purchases at the lowest market prices make this the greatestbargain Store in all Footwear. The space in the paper is too limited togive you the numerous money-saving specials. - ,T UCNllt WIIM I ABC Jfj ''fc.t j-...;ii"A. p "p-. a. , Mp; , .M ... .. .-j,:.iMiwirt.MM.,-..anitfYJI A .Aa . . 1' &KljCAit. . ... . .,ant occasion dere MTsfMrs. TBfet wasthe charming hostess? 1Mr, S. ,E. -Bruce ris in Cincinnation business. ' v'Mr. Bert-McClintock attended thecourt in Flemingsburg yesterday.Master Edgar McClintock unitedwith the Presbyterian church Sunday. Mrs. M. B. Martin returned Saturday after a visit to her brother, Mr.John Tarr, in Paris.from Friday until MondayMr. Robert Hughes left Sundayfor his home at Huntington, "W. Va.,after a weeks' visit to Mr. S. M. Allep.t Mr. Joel Mock, who' is to move toAshland, starts his car today. N Hisfamily will follow a few days after.i Misses Mary Taylor and BelleTaylor Judy left Sunday for a fewdays' visit to Mrs. K. B. Hutchins, 'atLexington.plumbing material, cook stoves, heat:ing stov.es, ranges, guns, ammunition,all kinds of snorting: goods, wire- , fence, steel nosts. and harness of allkinds: Come and sea us.BEST & HAWKINS,(21-tf " Millersburg, Ky.I Dr. Andrew. Johnson, secondnumber of the Lyceum Course underthe auspices of the Y. M. C. A. of theM- F- C.f gave an interesting lecture I. subiect well in hand.See our handsome line of cutglass and hardware. Just what youwant for wedding and Christmas gifts.(2t) AARON McCONNELL.A temperance service was heldSunday night at the Christian Churchall of the ministers of the town taking part, with the exception of Rev.A. S. Venable, of the PresbyterianChurch. The work of the anti-SaloonLeague at its recent metting in Co-Jlumous was recounted ana a numberof addresses were made, includingthose of Rev., C. C. Fisher, Rev. J. B.Redd', Rev. C. O. Cossabpom and Rev.Goldsmith 4A special musical programwas a feature of the meeting, x--Misses Ruth and Stella Stirmanentertained with a combination rookand announcement party Saturdayafternoon from 2 to 5 o'clock. Alarge number of invitations wereissued, most of which were accepted. -JEhe gjuests weremet at thVdoorby Miss Stella Stirman, who conducted them to the receiveing line,which was made ud of Miss RuthStirman, who was liandsome in awhite net brocaded gown .over silkMessaline, Misses Billie Reese, ofMavslick, and Margaret Wallingford,of Germantown. The home was beautifully decorated, green and white being the prevailing cplers. Cut flowersand potted plants were every where inj profusion.Mrs. J. Ed. Hull, of Flemingsburg J of a fir4n which failed in September, the winter season the regular 6was -the giiest of, Mrs. F.VA. Herbert I' 1911. His wife said that he aban- o'clock dinner will be served. AllGREATCROWDS!Are availing themselves of thisgrand opportunity xo buy theirCome Mere SaturdayAnd convince yourselfyou. Money savedis money earned. The latest.creationsin FashionableFootwear for Men, Women and Childrenof the Wajk-Over, Beaeon and other famousmakes it thepld reliable house. -" ' - '"-.-' '' :SSatisfaction Garanteed by,GO4jssaisiiLsiii Aivkirassu '-'POCKET(.Leadsto$50,000 ActionActress. ,AgainstMiss Lola May, an actress, Is being sued in New York for $50,000danviges by Mr. Marie Crandall,who alleges that the actress alienated the aifections of her husband,Derby Grarfdall, a stock broker.Crandall, from whom his 'wife hasobtained a separation, was a memberof his firm.Miss May, whose name -off thestage is May Pu'rman, lives at 62West Thirty-nintfc street.According to-me complaint of Mrs.Crandall, Crandall was attentive toMiss May as far back as 1909, evenbefore his wife sued him -for a separation. Mrs. Crandall saidher firstintimation of the It riendship of MissMay and her husband was when she.found a bill in his pocket for a costly hat, -which Ire had bough from 'aFifth avenue milliner and sent to meactress, who was then living inWashington, D. C.. "My husband was devoted to me,"said Mrs. Crandall, "and we were perfectly happy until he met the actressand she lurpd him away. ' After he,began spending his time ;vvith her heneglected me, and treated me socruelly that I had to sue him for aReparation. '"I have had this actress put out ofthree or four restauranjts and one respectable hotel through telling ofher friendship for my husband, andyet she ,had the effrontery to come upto my table in a restaurant the othernight and ask if I wnted to see her.""GETTING YOUNGER"SaysHetty Green, WhoLast Friday.Was1- 78Hetty Green was 78 -years old lastFriday, but she does not like to bereminded otit. She celebrated bygetting on the joTa . an hour earlier,than usual, just to make herself forget how old she was. Being the richest woman, in America apparentlyhas agreed with her. ,for she looksten 'years younger than she really is.Mrs. Green entered her office onthe parlor floor of her home and soonpfter was ready to go down town todiscuss business with a few banksand other cbrnorations. She wsts meton the steps by a -large ssortmeant ofreoorters and photographers."Congratulations," said a 'lady sobartist."I thank you for the congratulations," replied Mrs Green, "but youmust not remind me, that this is mybirthday. I do' not like to be toldthat I am. getting oldr indeed I try tomake myself believe just the opposite, that I am growing younger.And that is the way I really feel.""I am never without s my onion."Mrs. Green confided. "The strengthof the onion kills the germs onegthers aBbut the streets. I haveeaten onions constantly for yearsapd they have kept me healthy."Mrs. Green expressed disapprovalof the tango and the new styles 'forwomen. She declared she was stillj a Quaker, and the Quakers' did notj believe in dancing. . ,of the wonderful values inBILL IN HUDBY'Si aonea ner a monin arcer me ianure . oi me, aDeve meais win oe lurmsneathe Old Reliable House,j mjLM m' TWXj-tL. JBJ JJM ; ms . Fur V -v W&VbSL&&LL'!Lfs" .THANKqGlviNG DWNER.C'iKid Stoutte Cafe, noted throughout the. Bluegrass for its' celebratedspecial dinners served, will on Thursday, Thanksgiving Day, .offer its patrons ya treat in the way of one ofJ "Kid's," 't special dinners. An oldtime "home-cooked" Thanksgivingdinner will be served at noon from12 untiL 2 o'clock, and in the eveningfrom 6 to 8 o'clock. Both meals willbe served in courses. Throughoutat 50 cents per plate. Music will bediscdursed during these hours.ItTWO POINTS OF VIEW.No WQrk under Jieaven is moreimperative than the rescue of youngand innocent girls; n'o crime is moredastardly tjian the sale of their youthand innocence; no charity is greaterthan that which lifts the sinner fromher sin. But the fact that we habitually apply the term "white slave" tothe wilful prostitute as wpll as to theentrapped child snows mat a powerful and popular sentime'nt is absolvedfrom the shackles of accuracy. Alsothat this absolution ccmfuses the mindof men. The sentimentalist pities theprostitute as a victim, the sociologistabhors her as a menace. The sentimentalist conceives that men prey,and -vyomen are preyed upon; tne sociologist, aware that evil men andwomen prey upon one another ceaselesly and ravenously, has no measureof tenderness for either The sentimentalist cling tenaciously to theassopiation of youth with innocerice.The sociologist knows that even agelimit which the law fixes as a boundry line pt innQcence has no corresponding restriction in fact. It is inconceivable that so many books andpamphlets dealing with this subjectbooks and pamphlets to be found inevery library shell, and in the handsoT young and old should dare to ignore th'e balance of depravity, swaying of the pendulum of vice. (AgnesRepplier in The Atlantic.NEWSPAPER ERRORS,The editor of an exchange doesn'twant anyone to send him any morecopies of his paper ,in which theyhave found mistakes. -If they find aperfect copy, however, he offers abig' reward for it. 'Same with us.If the fool critics who hunt for mistakes in the papers would find themall he would be kept busy. Well bepleased to buy copies of any paperwhich can 'be proven entirely fre'efrom errors, either typogrphical or instatement of fact. We will bepleased to find a merchant Vho nevermade a mistake in putting up an order; a lawyer who never lost a caseh through his own error; a doctor whonever made a mistake; a post officeofficial who never put mail into thewrong box; a woman who never forgo,t id put in salt while cooking orto put tea "-in the teapot t before putting in the water.Bring on some of your mistake-Lles paragons-who find it soeasytorsentative COunties that property incriticise tne papers ana well givethem the chance df their lives to findout vhether they are humanstore forr- Ml' -' If' A IIIBWBWEBSBCSfi SPWHJOMSrI.. t H&1mA .-!.. . . m--The. Fact- No amount of misrepresentation by thepeddlers of alum baking powders, no jug- 'glingwitb chemicals, or pretended analysis,or cboked-up certificate or falsehoods of vany kind, can change the fact that .Royal Baking Powderhas been found by the offl-' rial examinations to be of thehighest leavening efficiency,free from alum, and of absolute: purity and wholesomeness.Royal faking Powder is indispensablefoi? making finest and most economical food.PROGRESS IN FORESTRYDEPENDS ON THE PUBLIC" WASHINGTON, Nov. 19. "Progress WASHINGTON, Nov. 21. In ad1n forestry depends more upon what dion to the administration of itsthe public permits than what fores- waste lands for forest purposes, theters and lumbermen perform." This individual State should play u-nartis a conclusion of the Forestry Com- n co-operating with private- timbermittee, as expressed at the Conser-. lanu owners, commensurate with Ihevation Congress. interest which the State has in maia--"As a consequence," the Committee taining its timber supply,goes on to say, "public education is I Tnis Principle is enunciated by theof prime importance, and tlfe best- Committee on State Forestry at themethods of educating the public de- j National Conservation Congress here,mand special study. Since ' no oriejTn committee further "recommendselse has the interest or therrequisite 1 as general principles for the practiceforestry knowledge, foresters nd lumbermen must learn- this trade of theprofession in addition to-their own."It is not forests, but the use' offorests, which we seek to perpetnateand therefore to be sound "and convincing education must include aknoweldge of tha lumbe business."In presenting some of the. educational devices committee commended particularly the booklets gottenout by various forest fire protectiveassociations. Another device is apaper drinking cup to be folded bychildren, each fold telling a picturedstory of the, growth of a forest fire,and of the "evil oi its effects. Stillanother is a match box legend whichpoints out that while a match has aheacL it cannot think for itself? but isdependent on the thought of the userto keep it from do'.ng harm in thewoods.EXCHANGEYour old stove in on Gas Range andHeater.(26-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.L. & N. pEMANDS TO BETREATED AS OTHER PROPERTY.Afrwinvitc fmm twotitv.roo 7.7.0.them was assessed at all the wayfrom one-thif d to 60 "per cent, of itsfair cash value" were filed before theState Board of Valuation and Assessment Fridy, at- Frankfort, by the at;torneys for the Louisville .1 & Nashville, who contend that the prdpertyof the L. & N. should be equalizedat 60 per cent., under the opinion ofJudge Cochran in the Federal Courtthat railroad property should beequalized at the same percentage ofvluation as other property in theState, notwithstanding the statutorydirection that all property shall, beassessed at its fair cash value.Officials of the company ' were onthe stand all day giving testimony inthe hearing on the 1913 assessment.A long argument ensued over the testimony of Assistant Controller G. W.Lamb that it would cost $70436,740.61to reproduce the road, new in Kentucky, including the Kentucky andOhio bridge, which 'is assessed inKentucky as far as the low watermrk on the Ohio sidea, rid that fromthis $17,775,823.02 , should bfe subtracted for depreciationr Attorneysfor the road contend that cost includes the coristruction of tunnels,and grading and filling, Tyhich do riotmake the road more valuable than itwould be on level, straight ground,and that the expense wxmld not bewarranted excepting for the interstatethat the cost of the'road can give nofair estimate of its assesable valueKn the State. For the-board-it wassuggested that the road's rates-aresuch as to allow it a reasonable profiton this original investment. "The board adjourned until Ithjs.morning.LUKE McLUKE SAYS.Judging from the pictures of thelatest Paris creations in the fashionmagazines a girl won't be in style-unless she looks as if she had thecramps. or was losing something. Andthe sloppier the drapery,the morestylish it is.DllhEif SjsAq W Two Sma,! Suburban Farmsin lvuii uvuov luui uiruiio,On "Monday, December 1 19 1 3; At 11:30 A. 'On above mpntinnnrl data T w;il 11 4- 4.1. ! t j t .-!- . . -land adjoining the City( Paris. C -BBeSC D,QaerS' tW0 traCU "Tract No. 1 contains about 102 acres, subject to survey, and lies on theT -GeorgetownPike one-half mile from Main Street, and has a Yhree.fourth of .SwTrfaSf SSfp StTPl ?nZ Geotown Pike. The improvement ,fiS'SS rtX matk?t gafde.; bei" S -nvenienoc ,Pri-rh r,?TEa,n9ohree S"1 onealf.acres on Gno Street in -Jhe City .offsTtrSck "SS Te?J?? 5S.! K Ihis Place H been Led .iomeor .investment. " J 7 iGEO, D. SPEAKES, Aoehow. CN-iHfi i llimi ifnfiriiffiiifr tMh ,Thffnw iiftirwfRemainsStatesShould Cooperateest Owners.With For.of State forestry ftvftrvwhprA thotthe governing board should be Removed from partisan political control, and that the State forestershould be fitted for his work by proAfessional training and experience.CiviJ Service should govern in. thaselection of all forest officers, and jailindustries directly dependent on theforests should be represented on theState Forestry Board. Further,, thecommittee says, the forest fficerushould have ample discretipharypower, and should be delegated iritkenough authority to settle controversies as they arise.After an organization is formed itshould be provided with machine:which will make its work effective,such as ampje funds, a sufficientforce, prompt and effective measuresagainst vandalism, and a strong policepower. Without including all thesethings, the committee says, State"legislation will fail of its purposeand largely be a dead letter.THE ART SHOP.The women folk are already doing"their fancy work for Christmas. Iam selling linens of all kinds', doingstamping on exquisite designs, anihve lots of fancy work noveltiessuitable for Christmas gifts. I wouldanoreciate a call from all the ladies."Who are interested in my line of 'work.(25-tf) MRS. W. E. 30ARD.SWEET GRASS 3ASKETS,We have a most beautiful lineotsweet grass baskets. All sizes andshapes and colors. They make theprettiest work baskets you-could getAlso large stock, of novel styles ixwaste baskets. Call in and seetheaa,(21-tf) PARIS BOOK STORE.NERVPUS DErtiLlTY ISx '. EASILY OVERCOME.4Toria Vita Builds Up RundownPeo-' , pie Very Quickly.If -you have a miserable, wornoat 'feeling from morning till nighty ff,your food does not nourish you;pro-erly; if you have little ambition "aaAtire very easily, yoti are v debjl(fafedand rundown and need soeth?ng tobuild you up. vThis Tona Vita will do" in afew'weeks' time. It is a remarkable 'tnedicine and is pronounced by most ysicians the best tonic how bemg'sohito the public.'Give this great tonic a triaL Nomatter how badly you are run dowyou will notice an. improvement ai"once. In a few weeks you willeelas though. you had been made oyt.If you have Ibst flesh get -on-tiMiscales after taking Tona Vita a vrqekand see how your weight hasr increased. -Tona Vita is sold by Charles X.Butler & Co. , (adr)KittKmmOne applicationpimply;kinicure. .Lczema1 skin diseases1 50cSeat! for fre samJOHNSTON,Z73U springili:mj;KfcisNm Kooa cnance Ior ""-"t - . (li,2M..iO(UVsoothes and heals a roseh.and.whearepeated.anicklveffect. v, Erysipelas, Tetter, Ulcers and 1yield to its ctiratire properties. Ia hox. At aM Dntrrisis. ipie and hook. "Heakb asd Be&atj." JON, HOLLO WAY A CO.. J ,Bartfea St., PNla., Pa. Mi-rmW trmRMmWNmmM' MwmWmim ' ,MF:i iaAi f..- -iVK i' isiii