'-v fH- . .,THE BOURBON NEWS.V.PUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARB VOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, APRIL 4, 1913mGood Luck Smiles Upon ParisianThat good luc will come to Mr. J.Simms Wilson, of this city, from thepurchase of a tract of land in Oklahoma, is shown by a dispatch from Muskogee to the Louisville Courier-Journalof.Sunday, which is as follows:"The far famed lands around Paris,Ky., and other surrounding townsalways looked good to J. Russell Wiiaon, the seed ,and agricultural dealerof Paris, Ky.. but it does not look anybetter than 1,200 acres of Mayescountv, Oklahoma land, with the newJine of the Missouri, Oklahoma andGulf railway extending through theheart of it.Mr. Wilson bought this ranch of richbottom and prairie land something likefour years ago, when lands were cheapand it was something like fifteen milesfrom a railroad. Since then, andwithin the past few weeks, the M. O.& G. has h'nshed its line north out ofMuskogee tofJoplm, Mo., land the townoi Pensacola is right in the heart ofhis land."Pensacola is arriving little town,entirely new, having been built up inthe past fewSmonths fund promises tohave two or three thousand peoplewithin two or Jthree years. It nowhas about seven hundred and manynew houses are being erpcted. The"Wilsons spend about half of theirtime in Oklahoma and the pother halfin Paris, Ky:'Mr. Wilson is at present in thiscity, returning to his home severalweeks ago. He is much pleased withtheprospects of the land "he owns developing into a paying investment andit is the sincere 'hope of his manyfriends in his home town that he willreap a rich harvest.Will Open 'Rosedale" Addition.Dr. U. S. Henry, the local real estate man, who purchased recently fromthe Wilrox heirs, theRosedale farm onCypress street, is planning to conductanother of his building lot sales in thenear future, the date of which will heannounced through the columns of theNews.The tract is now being platted andwill furnish a number of the most desirable building locations in the citv.A large force of men is engaged ingrading and before the sale 'more than6,000 feet of concrete sidewalks willi be constructed. The new additioni will carry its former name, "Rosej dale.". Dr Henry has been interested in andconducted a number of real estate( sales in this city and in all of his previous ventures nas been verv successful. The new addition which he proposes to open is excellently locatedand a number of choice building lotswiil be offered.The best automobile insurance. 4-3t RUDOLPH DAVIS.Paris Man Removed As Guard.During the session of the Board ofPrison Commibsioners which was heldat Frankfort Wednesday a number ofchanges were made. Among those removed from office was Thomas Cain,of this city, who has been a guard atthe institution for about eight years.Mr. Cain is a son of Mr. John Cain,Sr., of this city.Narrow Escape.Two well known young Parisians,both attaches of the News office, narrowly escaped serious injury Wednesday night, when Dassing the HomeTelephone office. A large glass bottlefell from the window ot the operatingroom UDstairs just as they paased, ashower of fragments covering themlike snow. The .bottle presumablyheld milk(?) and its fall was possiblyaccidental (?)r-;;...j..rfvT.,.A. T7I X i-V ttan wMany Bargains ini$ I Groceries. $At? ins Call or Phone Us and See What JjJA&we can save you,- i wSO lbs. the Best g f atn $W. rz-it. a "TO W BU w-m(With a $3.00 Purchase)Jjb Standard Corn, per can 5c ffNew Orleans Molasses, per gal . . . 50c y'(3 boxes Matches, for 10c Ift Pork and Beans, regular 10c size 7c wit Fancy Northern Potatoes, per peck 20c WThe time for making Garden is near, and before ifobuying your Seed Potatoes and Onion Sets, see our y'f4 stock We also have D. M. Perry's package seeds.IT fl FMHAM1 VU LLM1II1M,A. g Cash Grocery. W. Both Phones 234m iwVSpring Hatsin ASI the Latest Stylesand ShapesmmItmmmkwlwWm?&FifPafcVTNew Line of snir sThe Celebrated Fountain Shirt, HHif$1.00 WjThe Price Shirt $1.50 Wjm KmH A 4t ?-. itJSL.. rfc.2 e--- er-v, wc r- -. r.stL.iticii itiiiil oiiiixs sjuc) a z9 q r tPajamas $1 and$1.5QPRi6E6r60.6iotniersand FurnishersS15(mmNEATSUMTQ IVJAYSVILLEParisians Contribute $127 to Relief Fund for Sufferers inMason County Capital.MESSAGE OF ACCEPTANCE.Mayor Lee Extends Thanks forthe Liberal Donation Generous Paris Helps Some.A total of S626.50 for the relief ofthe flood sufferers in Ohio and Kentucky was collected in Paris by a committee acting upon the euggestionjltofme jNews, and :the entire amount isnow in the hands of the oroper paitiesfor distribution among the suffering asthey may see fit.Mayor Henry Hunt, of Cincinnati;Monday drew on the local fund for $500the amount which had been pledged tothe relief committee chairman. Theontributions reached $545.50 Friday,and Saturday and when an armealcame from Maysville for aid the committer set to work to ;raise a sum touse in the relief of the suffering inthat city. By noon Tuesday about onehundred dollars thad been raised andthis was telegraphed to Mavor J.Wesley Lee, of Maysville, who, in acknowledging receipt of the contribution, sent the following telegram JoMayor Hinton:"Maysville, Ky., April 1, 1913.Hon. J. T. Hinton, Mayor."Paris, Kentucky."Accept thanks -of people of Maysville for liberal contribution."J. W. LEE."Contributions have been coming insince Tuesday and yesterday morning5Z7 remained in the relidf fund. Maysville being the closest city in distressthis amount was forwarded to Mavorj-.ee, to aia iurtner in tne worK ot relief. -The people of this city are to becommended for their liberal responseto the appeal for aid from the floodstricken cities in Kentucky and Ohio.lhe cause was a worthy one and the,purse strings of the citizens wereloosened to the fullest extent whenthe appeal came lor assistance. Thereis not another town in Kentucky ofthis size which has been so generousin its contribution and we express agreat pride in their efforts to aidbrothers in distress. Following is alist of thecontributions:Previously collected $545.50Frank & Co 10.00Bramblett & Tarr 2.00Chas. McCarthy 1.00Joe Farris 1.00Dr. W. C. Ussery ' 1.00J.O. Marshall 1.Q00. Arnsparger 2. 00R. C. Talbott 2.00C. M. Thomas ji.00Bennett Thomas 1.00S. E. Bedford 2.00W. F. Bryan 1.00G. W. Wilder 2.00Jos. M. Hall 1.00Roy Clendenin 1.00Hord Mann i.ooCash (by a friend) 5.O0Cash 1.00B. Woodford, Jr. 2.00JohnM. Brennan 10.00J. W. Hayden 1.00John Woodford 1.00K. E. Spears 2.00J. T. Vansant 1.00Ed. Caldwell 1 00W. W.Willocks L00Albert Anthon 1.00S. K. Nichols 1.00J. J. Davidson 1.00Jas. J. Curtis 2.00John Roseberry 5.00C. M. Clay 10.00Cash (a friend) 1.00W. O. Hinton 3.00W. E. Ellis 2.00"WE KNOW HOW"Even WE Admitthat there are more importantthings in the world than havingthe right clothes. We realize that,as the poet says,for a' that.""Aman s a manVBut, unfortunately, people WILL judge afellow by the way he looks, and even moreunfortunately, lots of fellows don't look aswell-dressed as they might. It isn't becausethey don't want to, or because they don'ttry, it's because they don't know how orwhere to get garments that will bring outthe best of them and hide the worst ofthem.We don't say that we CAN, because itwouldn't be modest, but we're morally surethat we MIGHT show you a suit that wouldcause the first friend you met to congratulate you on your improvedCOME and SEE.appearance.Mitchell & Blakemore,IOutfitters to MienParis, Kentucky:sgfLnuiiiiiiiiiiiiirinimiixniiimimimimiiimy 2FRANK & COSThe Store Where Reliability Reigns. KTotal $628.50Mayor Henry T. Hunt, Cincinnati $500.00J. W. Lee, Maysville 127.00Telegraph and telephone tolls,money transfers, etc 1.50Total 628.50It is estimated that between $900and $1,000 was sent from Paris to theflood sufferers. Various churches andSunday schools throughout the citymade private contributions and a number of citizens in response to the firstappeal sent in a considerable sum.ac tne services at the Uatholicchurch Sunday a sum of $62.80 wasraised and sent to the Cincinnati relief committee.At the meeting of Bourbon LodgeNo. 23. I. O. O. R, Monday night thelodge in addition to the approDritionof $25 coi tributed to the eeneral relieffund made an additional appropriationof $25 and $13 was made upamung themembers of the order in attendance.The entire amount waB forwarded tothe Grand Secretary, R. G. Elliott, ofLexington. This money will be usedin Southern Kentucky in event conditions there demand aid from outsidesources.The Maysville papers are lauding theLouisville and Nashville officials ofthis city for the assistance renderedthe city during the flood. A largenumber of flat cars were taken to thatcitv from Paris to make a walk connecting the L. & N. station on Thirdstreet with Forrest avenue. Mr. W.O. Chambers. Master of Transportation, spent the greater part of theweek iij Maysville rendering all assistance possible durng the high water.33AnnounceSplendid ShowingxOfNewest Spring StylesIn&Ladies' and Misses'Suits, Dresses and WrapsWash Dresses for Ladies'' Misses'1 and ChildrenA Complete Stock of Dress Goods, Wash Goods, Silks isLinens, Ratines and Furnishings of All KindsGome in and Take a Look Around YouAre Always WelcomeSeed Corn.We are sole agents'for the Bale inBourbon county of Caldwell's BooneCounty White Seed Corn. Phones 14.28 5t CHAS S. BRENT & BRO.FRANK 5c C1HSSK1IRMWII HHHHMMt5aniiiwi1Ift$$$$a. .?9 i ms') "mil n..THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 4 1913!('!I'M'j.1 J,i..I. We just want toSpiring ShoesWe are showing the smartest styles in Patents, DullLeathers and Cloth Shoes. Your Easter Costumewill not be complete without a pair. Come in andbe fitted with a pah of the season's latest.IGEO. IVlcWILLIAMS,Lrnones jui i ne snoc rvian m"''Phones 301BourbonDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Vass(US(asTelephone No. 4.BourbonfJ0MiBl tParis ECentuckyGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES BAY 137; NIGHT 299.Mdwin Bros!Try OurCountry ClubLayer CakesChocolate Caramel,White andRibbonk:5c, Two Tor 25cAlso f-fu big'sfamous Pics, 15c.Baldwin Bros.":'i'nSpringsay that our newAre Here.The Shoe ManmLaundry;mWest 5 Street fit:netWVw4VWe Take Pleasure.7 - "l tvin '-oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes bfcck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeLaundry,WANTEDSalesmen to look after our interestsin Bourbun and adiacent counties.Salary or commission. Address TheHarvey Oil Co., Cleveland. O.M. A. CAHAL.Barber Shop.First-Class Workmen.Polite and Prompt Attentionto All.Hot and Cold BathsWe Thank You For a Share ofYour Patronage.Trees Trees TreesFruit and Ornamentals, Strawberries, Shrubs, Hedging, Grapes, Asparagus, Rheubarb, Roses, Peonies,Phiox, etc.Everything for Orchard, Lawn andGarden. No 'Agents.H. F. HILLENMEYER & SONS,Lexington, Cy.ASHE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at Postofnce at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matt er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right o? publisher is reservedto decline anv advertisement or othermatter Qffered for publication.opacE a newspaper's shock intrad ifcr source of revenue.ANNOUNCEMENTS.FOR STATE SENATOR.non. J. win .Ulay announces as acandidate for State Senator for this,the Twenty-Eight Senatorial Dis'rict.composed of Bourbon, Clark and, Mont-gomery. Subject to the Democraticprimary August 2.FOR POLICE CHIEF. .We are authorized to announce J. C.Elgin, Sr., as a candidate for theDemocratic nomination for Chief ofPolice of the city of Pans, subject tothe Democratic primfry, August 241913.We are authorized to announce W. F.Link as a candidate for Democraticnomination for Chief of Police of thecity of Paris, subject to the Democratic primary August 2.We are authorized to announce BenBishop as a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Chief of Policeof the city of Paris, subject to theDemocratic primary August 2.We are authorized to announce Geo.M. Hill as a candidate for the nomination for the office of Chief of Police ofthe City of Paris, subject to the actionof the Democratic mimary, August 2,1913.We are authorized to announce Geo.W. Judy as a candidate for the nomination of the office of Chief of Policeof the city of Paris, subject to theaction of the Democratic urimary,August 2, 1913.FOR JAILER.We are authorized to announce Joseph Farris as a candidate for thenomination of Jailer of Bourboncounty, subject to the action of theDemocratic primary August 2, 1913.FOR COUNTY CLERK.We are authorized to announce J.Walter Payne as a candidate for thenomination for the office of CountyClerk of Bourbon county, subject tothe action of the Democratic primaryAugust 2, 1913.We are authorized to announce Mr.Pearce Paton as a candidate for theDemocratic nomination for Clerk ofBourbon county, subject to the actionof the Democratic primary August 2,1913.FOR COMMONWEALTHS' ATTORNEY, Victor A. Bradley announces as acandidate for Commonwealth's Attorney for this, the 14th Judicial District,composed of the counties of Scott.Franklin, Bourbon and Woodford, tofill out the unexpired term caused bythe resignation of Robert B. Franklin,subject to the action of the Democraticprimary. August 2.FOR POLICE JUDGE.We are authorized to announce R. S.Porter as a candidate for the nomination for the office of Police Judge ofParis, subject to action of Tthe Democratic primary August 2, 1913.We are authorized to announce Lafayette Grinnan as a candidate forthe nomination for !the office of Police Judge of the city of Paris, subject to tbe action of the Democraticprimary August 2, 1913.iWe are authorized to announce E. B.January as a candidate for the nom'i-nation for the office of Police Judgeof the city of Pann, subject to theaction of the Democratic primary August 2. 1913.We are authorized to announce Thos.J. Holliday as a candidate for the nomination for the office of Police Judgeof the city ot Paris, subject to the action of the Democratic primary, August 2, 1913.You will look a good while beforeyou find a better medicine for coughsi nAa , ,ok1o;o o"?irand colds than Chamberlain s Coue-hRemedy. It not only gives relief itcures. Try it when you have a coughor cold and you are certain to bepleased with the prompt cure whichit will effect. For sale by all dealers.Pains in the Stomach.If you continually complain of painsin the stomach, your liver or yourkidneys are out ot order. Neglect maylead to dropsy, kidney trouble, diabetes or Bright's disease. Thousandsrecommend Electric Bitters as thevery best stomach and kidney medicine made. H. T. Alston, of Raleigh,N. 0 who suffered with pain in thestomach and back writes: "My kidneys were deranged and my liver didnot work right. I suffered much, butElectric Bitters were recommendedand I improved from the first dose.I now feel like a new man' It willimprove you too. Only 50c and 1.Recommended by OberdorfervFly Screens and the Stores.Fly screen time is 'pretty nearlyhere. It is the wise man who puts uphis window screens and his doorscreens in advance of the vernal invasion of the pests, instead of waitinguntil they have taken possession. It iseasier to keep the flyiout than to gethim out. once he has entered.Individuals consulting their"own comfort, can usually be relied upon to takethe precaution of screening their owndwellings. But the public healthwould be much better safeguarded iffly screens were in more general use instores where food is kept for sale.Atlanta, Ga., 'recognized this fact,when on the first of April it began theenforcement of a city ordinance 'requiring the use of fly screens. Theordinance applies particularly ,to groceries., meat markets, produce storesand other places of business 'to whichflies are naturally attracted and fromwhich they should be rigidly excluded,as a health measure.A custom of this kind put in forceeither by ordinance or by commonconsent, would prove its value in anycity by keeping down the disease andmortality figures. We should "swatthe fly" and "starve the fly,' but inany event we should keep the fly awayfrom our daily food.Don't be surprised if youhave anan attack of rheumatism thisspringJust rub the affected parts freely withChamberlain's Liniment and it willsoon disappear. For sale by all dealers.For Burns, Bruises and Sores.The quickest and surest cure forburns, bruises, boils, sores, inflammation and all skin diseases is Bucklen'sArnica Salve. In four days it curedI. H. Haflin, of Iredell, Texas, of asore on his ankle which pained him sohe could hardly walk. Should be inevery home. Only 25c. Recommendedby Oberdorfer.For rheumatism you will find nothing better than Chamberlain's Liniment. Try it and see how quickly itgives relief. For sale by all dealers.What State PapersAre Saying Anentthe Senatorial Race'Editor Harry Summersjin the Elizabethtown News, says:Ex-Governur J. C. W. Beckham willbe nominated for the United StatesSenate in the August Drimarv. Hewill secure the nomination, eitherwithout" opposition or by an overjjwhelming majority, and'we fare ratherjncimea io me opinion tnat nis namewill be kthe only one urinted on theballot. The Hon. D. H. Smith haspractically announced that he will notbe a candidate by making no effort tosecure support. He is a man of ability and too good a politician to entera race that has been settled in advance in the minds of the people.Gov. McCreary hahadthe 'matter ofbecoming a candidate so long underadvisement that it is evident he hasnot been deceived hy the political enemies of Gov. Beckham who have solicited him to run to gratify their personal feeling rather than to nominatethe astute old Governor. Congressman Owsley Stanley has been anavowed candidate, but Congress meetsin two weeks and his duties as a member of the Ways and Means Committeewill be so imperative that he cannotmake a canvass of the State. Itlooks like he realizes that he is upagainst it and in the end will decide todischarge hiSjDarty duty at Washington rather than come to Kentucky toenter ;into a campaign which lookshorelessly against his success.There could have beenltwo elementsunited which might have Jconspired togive Beckham a race. ;but both thesehave been eliminated from the contestthe liquor question and Federalpatronage. ;The liquor question hasbeen entirely settled by tho passageof the Webb bill, and the distillers andbrewers of Kentucky have too muchsense to back any candidate for theSenate financially just for 'the fun "ofit, and President Wilson will see thatthe Federal patronage of Kentuckyshall not be used against Beckham,even if there was a disposition to useit. Hejknows Jthat in the Kentuckydelegation at Baltimore Beckham waaoneof the few delegates who favoredhis nomination.It is not Cripps'Beckham's superiorability and he has plenty of it whichwill give him a clear trackjor a walkever. It is the sense of justice andfairness in the minds of Democratswho will vote for him, not necessarilyon account of pergonal preference norsuperior qualifications, but because heis entitled to it. There is but oneway to rebuke the treachery to theparty of the four Democrats in theLegislature who elected a RepublicanSenator and committed a fraud againstDemocracy which had honored themthatjis to renominate.the jnan who wasa victim of their treason and corruption. The election of a Republican,, 7T,T- y acratic Legislature remains a condonedunited btates Senatorwrong.until it is wiped out bythe re-nomination ofgthe man who was defrauded by this political crime. Thissentiment is so overwhelming and irreisstible in the minds of the peoplethat no man can make a successfulrace against it. Both Smith and McCreary have realize 1 this and yen thebrilliant Stanley, for whom we 'havealso a warm personal regard, will findit so shortly, even if he has not discovered it alreadv. Under ordinaryconditions and upon even terms, any ofthese three gentlemen would giveBeckham a race, but under the unusual conditions of this race publicsentiment is so overwhelmingly withthe candidate who was defrauded thatit is useless to attempt to thwart it.Politicians may plot and connive andplan but the people will stamp opposite Beckham's name on the ballot tow ii3e out the stain of party betrayalwhich four false "Democrats in theLegislature put upon it. "theKeepingNature intended thai the body should do its ownrepairing and it would do so were it not for thefact that most of us live other than a natural life.Nature didn't intend Ihat'we should wear corsets, tight collars orohoes, nor live in badly ventilated and drr.ughty houses, nor eat anddrink some of the things that we do, nor ride in street cars wr.en we should walK.The consequence is that the body when it gets out of order must look for outside help to make the necessary repairs."For weak stomachs and the indigestion or dyspepsia resulting, and the multitudeof diseases following tnerefrom, no medicine can be more adaptable as a curativeagent than DR. PIERCE'S GOLDEN MEDICAL DISCOVERY.This famous Doctor's prescription lias been recommended for over 40 years,and is today just asTig a success, licjtres a hea'thy appetite. Cleanses the blood.Strengthens the nerves. Regulates stomach and liver. Demand the original.r. 3Pleree5s (SoMeraSoId2nEiiq5d or TaMel form hy salers In MedicinesSend 31 one-cent stamps to pay cost of mailing only on a free copy of Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical Adviser, 1008 pages, clothbound. Address Dr. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.E SE5K22egEEZ2BS5K2U NeediusmessFORDodson & DentonQ5sgS3(3SiX3&3b5svSS&!ASK THEwho has one, what wonders thehim. He will reply:1.2,3.Sells My ProductsGets Best PricesBrings Supplies7. Pays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet.For information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated.Twin bios. ICornerSeventh and Main Sts.Make Yourself Look Pretty iiiOur StylishLADIES', MISSES'S AND CHILDREN'SSPRING MILLINERYLadies' and Misses' Suits, Dresses,Skirts, Waists, Oxfords.See Our Great Display of Novelties in Silks', Dress Goods,Drygoods, Laces, Etc.Buster Brown HosieryPictoral PatternsTWIN BROS.' DEPARTMENT STORE.I Hefal 5!at Victoria Shingf a Imfwial Shfcge OritntaJSMegb IThe four designs of Cortright Metal Shingles as shown above aremade in any of the following ways :1 . Stamped from Tin-plate and painted Red.2. Stamped from Tin-plate and painted Green.3. Stamped from Tin-plate and Galvanized by hand-dipping proce.4. Stamped from special tight-coated Galvanized Sheets.Each and every genuine Cortright Metal Shingle is embossed with thkTrade-mark, " Cortright Reg. U. S. Pat. Off." fFor Sale byBest & Hawkins, Millersburjff, Ky;,Body in RepairBledlcal discoverySS'SSd.SZypit in YourSALE BYFARMERCumberland Telephone worksfor4. Protects the Home5. Helps the Housewife6. Increases ProfitsWinpf SioieW. B. Corset22&fed&iIf-"xv vvTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 4, 191 3.frvL.jfef"..'Roxir Davi$!CDe Tn$uraicc AgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Calf.2 Helios 137typewritersRebuilt Like new!Remington 6, $23Smith Premier 2,J$23Remington 10, $40(latest Model)Smith Premier 10, $40(Latest Model)Monarch, $40Underwood 4, $40Underwood 5, $45Oliver 3, $40Oliver 5, $50LC Smith &Bro., $35We Handle Carbon Paper Ribbons forall Makes.We Repair Typewriters.We have the Largest Stock in the U. S.The Joseph Candioto Co.149-151 N. BroadwayLexington, KentuckyFor SalelYsyfiiflfirlflillJMlliiilis probably due to uricacid in the system theblood must be purifiedthe poisonous acid drivenout and general healthmust be improved.Thousands testify thatScott's Emulsion rids thesystem o poisonous acidby enriching the impoverished blood, and its concentrated nourishment isconverted into red bloodcorpuscles which driveout rheumatism.It is especially valuableto aged people.Ask for and insist onSCOTT'S.Scott & Bowne, Bloomfield. N. J. 12-60STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES.A black horse; will work anywhere.Either phone.E. M. WHEELER.7 tf Eighth and Main.NOTICEAll parties having accounts againstMrs. Carrie Hornsey, deceased, willplease present same to me at oncefor payment.7 4t N. KRIENER.For Sale Privately!The Continental Coal Corporationof Pineville, has notified Commissioner of Agriculture Newman that itwould make a standing offer of $2 perbushel for the entire yield of the prizewinning acre of corn grown by thechampion boy corn grower in in Kentucky for 1913. The boy entitled tosell his corn to the coal corporationmust be a member of the Boys CornClub under the rules and regulations ofthe Department of Agriculture co-operatingwith the Federal Departmentof Agriculture.The Association of Southern Commissioners of Agriculture will meet inLouisville" next November, spendingThanksgiving as the guests of Commissioner of Agriculture 3. W. Newman, and then geing in a body to theInternational Fat Stock Show at Chicago. The association was organizedat New'Orleans last week. Commissioner Newman was elected secretary.Prevents Cracks.A small amount of vaselin rubbedInto patent leather shoes occasionallywill keep them soft and prevent cracking. Footwear of this leather shouldbe kept treed when not in use.One mahogany bookcase, Princessdresser, an oak rocker and psdestal,one handsome pair lace curtains.MRS. RUDULPH DAVIS.REXLiquid Poultry Remedy 2Se"Saves the Sick"For Gape, While Diariheoi, Roup,I,imberiieck and all Poultryd;eases.No Cine NoPay, It works whilethey roost.PFY Liquid LiceKGV Killer 25c.Has no "equal" as alice, miteand germ killer. Best wash for allsores and cuts on allstock. Finest disinfec-O 6" - torif Cnr TiriTC ctnhVdoe kennel and henhouse. , BY MAIL 30cTHE REX CHEMICAL CO., Newport, Ky.SOLD BVVarden & Son, L. A. Soper, Little Rock,D. E. Clark & Co., Millersburg, Ky.(tollof june)"My little son had a very severe coldI was recommended to try Chamberlain's Cough Remedy, and before asmall bottle was finished he was aswell as ever,'' writes Mrs. H. Silks,29 Dowling street, Sidney, Australia.This remedy is for sale by all dealers.Forget Them.Gather up all thy sins old wrongs,old hatreds, burning angers, memoriesof men's treachery; stuff them into abag and heave them into the gulf ofoblivion. Your life is not in the past,but in the future. "We are saved byhope." Newel Dwight Hillis, D.D.Need of Organization.There is need, just at this time, foran organized movement along all educational lines. Many reforms havebeen attempted, some of which areyet incomDlete,and others are to be inaugurated. The logical duty of theKentucky Educational Association isto be the organized leader in promoting these reforms, and in projectingsuch new ones as the State may need.Whether you live in the Blue Grass,Purchase, Fennyrile or Mountain District, you are equally mteiested, withall other teachers, in the educationalweal of our state, and it is the patriotic duty of every such person; to lendhis hand to the work of the Association, and, if in the bounds of possibility, to attend. The next session of theAssociation! will be held at LouisvilleonApril 30, May 1,2 and 3, and it willno doubt be the largest and most enthusiastic session ever held in theState.HUSBAND RESCUEDDESPAIRING WIFEAfter Four Years of DiscouragingConditions, Mrs. Bullock GaveUp in Despair. HusbandCame to Rescue.Catron, Ky. In an interesting letterfrom this place, Mrs. Bettie Bullockwrites as follows : "1 suffered for fouryears, with womanly troubles, and duringthis time, 1 could only sit up for a littlewhile, and could not walk anywhere atall. At times,I would have severe painsin my left side.The doctor was called in, and his treatment relieved me for a while, but I wascoon confined to my bed again. Aftertiutt, nothing seemed to do me any good.I had gotten so weak I could not stand,and J gave up in despair.At last, my husband got me a bottle ofCardui, the woman's tonic, and I com-4menced taking it. From the very firstdose, I could tell it was helping me. Ican now walk two miles without itstiring me, and am doing all my work."If you are all run down from womanlytroubles, don't give up in despair. TryCardui, the woman's tonic. It has helpedmore than a million women, in its 50years of continuous success, and shouldsurely help you, too. Your druggist hassold Cardui for years. He knows whatit will do. Ask him. He will recommend it. Begin taking Cardui today.Write to: Chattanooga Medicine Co., Ladles'Advisory Dept.. Chattanooga, Tenn.. for SpecialInstructions en yoar case and 64-page book, ' HomeTreatment fw Waen," sent in plain wrapper. . JigCHOICE INTERURBAN HOME SITESBETHLEHEM PLACEADDITION TO PARIS, KENTUCKYz.-rM .--- i? ?s a J am.owM v at.iftWA -tr.N' ,VY" AHaSiPftafiggp, vyfioyra. ---- -, - "" T -r 7W7j3Fft .. -w;v;xvf3 -w, 'vy.f- --'-- rFfPj I u& isaa : -J y' gf HO 2 4 ' ' ' Avgjp ' 1433. T7zNo 3Jo! Ko ' V3EI no 5 ' y i- -V' fCZZEEZII TBETHLEHEMTPLACE,f , Ay flDDN TO PARIS,' KY.CD iz v ,iVs w kz Ft, y ycfyfef w" s ' xxX A :f - 82JQ 7Vtola! Ko 10 Xip j00! 7pa v X ' 'H- " 7 ' t -&(o Ko 12 ' ' vf--M-Xy v SCALE 15 feet t e inch. -" ' .. ut -... irffc. iMcCarney, MiHer & Lillesfon, Owners,Office m Kentuckian-Citizen Building.Bank Row, Opp Court House. Pans. Ky.lot Ko. 1 Contains 3.52 acrft3Lot No. 2 contains 3.33 acresLot j;o. 3 Contains 3.15 acresLot No. 1 ii Contains 2.95 acresLot No. I 5 Contains 2.75 acresLot No. I 6 Contains 2.0? acresLot No, J 7 Contains 1.90 acrsLot tfoof 8 Contains 1.75 acresLot No. 9 Contains 1.5s acresLot . No.t 10 Contains l.Uo acresLot 1 No.) 11 Contains I.33 acresLot I No .! 12 contains, 1 . 06 dcrosLor.if0.l33 contains jr. 76 7acreLiJlPJJbntalnsjr76acre3There are fourteen desirable suburban home sites in Bethlehem-Place. THese small farms contain from three and onehalf acres down to three-fourths of an acre. The land is most desirably located, being but two city blocks from the Interurban line, and the car fare to ride down into the city of Paris is only five cents. The rear of this property abuts on theright-of-way of the L. & N. Railroad, and is but a short walk to the south yards of tlie"L. & N. Railroad, making theaddition most admirably located for home-owners.By building a house on one of these sites you are enabled to have your own cow and horse, raise your chickens andhogs, and with the garden, fruit, etc., that can be raised, will make the owner a comfortable living.Liberal terms of payment will be extended to purchasers. Come in and talk it over and see the land and we believethat we can point a way whereby you can soon be comfortably housed in your own home, convenient of access to theInterurban railway.Fourteen Choice Home Sites To Be Sold SoonAT PUBLIC AUCTION(WATCH NEWSPAPERS AND HAND BILLS FOR ANNOUNCEMENT OF DATE OF SALE.).HOME.The word Home loses much of it'strue significance if it does not includeownership. An abiding place may satisfy transient needs if it minister tophysical comforts.but a Home hallowedby the sound of childish voices and themusic of mother's lullabies should beall that the name implies. f The joy ofliving is enhanced, the exhuberance ofyoung manhood is unrestrained, whenthe freedom of a Home, all your own,may be offered. It cannot be disputedthat upon the acquisition of property,however small in amount, a quickeningof the heart throbs for everything having in view the welfare and prosperityof the community is observed. One ofthe strong and convincing talkingpoints respecting a piece of propertyis that it is located in the midst of people who own their own Homes.There are many persons in Bourbonand adjoining counties to-day who arechained by the slavery of rent paying,when they might own their own Homes.A thrill of ecstacy is felt when a youngcouple, who have recently joined heartand hand, sees their names as granteesin a deed to a Home. Life seemsbrighter than before, hope paints thefuture in roseate colors, and daily toilis approached with a new zest.There is a mistaken belief orevalentthat only persons with a considerableaccumulation of money are able to owna Home. It is our purpose to show alarge number of deserving citizens howthe yoke of servitude to the burdensome rent bills may be lifted and aninvestment be made of such amountwhere it will increase in value as theyears roll by. If a small amount is athand as an initial payment, the remainder can be met the same as rent, andthe citizen who has been swelling thebank account of the landlord, may become the landlord himself.Watch for announcement of date ofsale of the fourteen beautiful homesite lots in Bethlehem Place.LIBERAL TERMS TO PURCHASERS!DONT SPAY RENT-OWN YOUR HOME!!ARE YOU A RENTER?The question is often asked why persons with an established business orwith a comfortable salary, are living inrented houses? The question is oftener asked than satisfactorily answered.The most common answer, when suchquestion is propounded, is framed intowords such as "I am not able to payfor a home," or "I am afraid I maymeet misfortunes so I cannot keep upmy payments, and then I would losewhat I have paid." To the shrinkingone who has no faith in himself or in hisability to meet conditions as they arise,these excuses have some weight andthey justify him as he thinks in continuing his unbusiness-like course ofswelling the bank account of the landlord through his monthly pavment ofrent. If, however, he stops and reflectsthat he loses every twelve-month bysuch course not only the amount represented by his yearly rent bill, less interest, taxes, etc., but the increasedvalue which the year has added to theproperty, he awakens to a full realization that the time is ripe NOW to'adopt a new and better philosophy toguide his business steps.If the acquisition of a Home depended upon the payment of a considerablelump sum at a time of the purchase,then a great many deserving personsmust of necessity become reconciled tothe slavery of rent-paying during thenatural life. However, a message ofhope and cheer may be sounded broadcast to give heart to the despairing andencouragement to the downcast.Through the medium of payments anyone who is able to keep in good reputewith his landlord by the prompt payment of rent bills may have the shackles of a grinding servility forever lifted and live in the free atmosphere of aself-respect which comes throughHome-owning.Instead of not being able to buy aHome, no one who desires to becomeuseful to the generation in which helives or influential to the communitywhere he resides can afford NOT toown a Home, if he has reasonable assurance of an income equal to the slightincrease of obligation which such ownership imposes.Watch for announcement ot date ofsale of the fourteen beautiful homesite lots in Bethlehem Place.McCARNEY, MILLER & LILLESTONOFFICE IN KENTUCKIAN-CITIZEN BUILDING,BANK ROW OPPOSITE COURT HOUSE.BOTH PHONES 41PARIS, - KENTUCEfe. " -- .. C At-1,JL 'ya?-v--K:j'." N -"' Kir3PVr4 - V'mumf!!iiifJL-CX VJiefclL -rppUI-nI tuniy For BuyingI Silks at a Low Price IWe bought from an Easterm manufacturer a collection of Fancy Silks suitable for one-piece Dresses, Evening Gowns, Waists, House Dresses and Trimming purposes. They are all 24 inches in width of a varied assortment of shades, also in many different designs, principally stripes, floral designs, geometrical designs. Theseare Silks which would retail .at $1.00 per yard we willgive you choice of about 2,000 yards, at per yard9cOwing to the very low price and the impossibility torecord on these, no samples will Toe cut nor can they betaken on approval or brought back for exchange. Theywill go so fast that only outright sales of these will bemade. This sale of Silks will continue until this collection is sold out entirely. We would urge an early call tosecure good selections.oil Wile 8 Co.Racing Commission to Meet ThisMonth.Col. Milton "Young, chairman of theState 'Racing Commission, ,has announced,that the commission will becalled to meet in its office in Lexington at noon Saturday, April 26, 1913.At tjiis meeting the commission willpass uponall applications for licensesbv trainers, jockeys and apprentices.At its meetingHhe t commission willtake up the question of the renewal ofthe Kentucky Endurance Stakes forthe year 1913.Notice to Dairymen.It is the order of the City Board ofHealth, that owners of cows, who arefurnishing milk to the trade, musthave their herds examined, accordingto the State law ana appiy to xne secretary of the Board for a certificate,licensing the sale of their products.The law is strict in this matter. Comply and save trouble.A. H.KELLER,City Health Officer.BOURBON GQURT DEFERSFiscal Court Will Not Act on Natural Gas Until MeetingNext Month.S. E. BEDFORD RE-ELECTEDSucceeds Himself As CountyTreasurer and Custodian ofGarth and Hamilton Funds.WpFormerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, KentuckyJ$8,000 Fire at Frankfort.Fire at Frankfort Wednesday -morningdestroyed six frame houses, entailing a loss estimated at $8,010, withonlv partial insurance. The new$5,000 automobile truck ot the Frankfort fire deparment was run into atree by the driver and badly damaged. George Brown's Slayer Aquitted.Bert Jacoby, colored, charged withkilling George Brown, also colored,was acquitted at his examining trialheld betore Judge Dundon in thecounty court Friday. The trial occupied almost thentire day. Jacobyentered a plea of self-defense.Jacoby shot and killed Brown onEighth street Thursday cening, March27, and is said to have followed anattempt made upon the part of Brownto injure him. Following the shootingJacoby surrendered to the police.After the trial a warrant was servedupon Jacuby charging him with carrying concealed weapons. Ha was released from custody after he had executed bond with Mr. George W. Stuartas surety.Plans. to Erect New Hotel Here.Mrs. C. J. McLear, widow of the former prominent hotel man of this city,left Paris Friday for Bristol, Va.,where she intends to dispose of the St.Lawrence Hotel, which she owns inthat city, together with other valuableproperty.The intentions of Mrs.. McLear areto reinvest in hotel property in thiscity and plans to erect a new hostelry.Mrs. McLear haa made her home inParis for a number of years, and realizing the need ot a modern hotelbuilding in Paris, she has decided todisposa-of her holdings as stated aboveand center her entire investments inthis city.While Mrs. McLear did fnot intimatethe location of the (proposed hostelry,it is said that the site is admirablv located for.the purpose, being on Mainstreet, and in the business center, convenient to both the L. & N. and Interurban stationp.rThe Tire Propositioni SolvedWhen you buy a Goodyear Tirewe guarantee it. If it does notrun the guaranteed miles wegive you adjustments on them.We Make the adjustments onyour word. There is no delaywaiting for tires to come fromfactory, we give you a new onethe day you bring the old oneback. Goodyear Tires are 10Iper cent over size,all sizes in stockWe carryGOODYEAR TIRES AREBEST BY TESTYerkesParis,& Prichard;KentuckyAt the regular r monthly meeting ofthe Bourbon Fiscal .Court yesterdaythe franchise presented by the CentralKentuckyNatural Gas Co., grantingthe use of the county roads to extendits pipe lines to Paris, was passed,and the proposition will go over untilthe nextraeeting.Col. ;Tom Stewart, of Winchester,representative of the company, wasbefore the court yesterday and presented the franchise which was alurgthe same lines as that granted by theParis City Council, but owing to thelength of time given the body to consider the proposition it was deemedadvisable to table it lor the time atleast. There is no probability that theFiscal Court will refuse to grant thefranchise, the members seeminglybeing heartily in favor of the project,but upon advice of County AttornevGeorge Batterton, who seeking toguard the interests of the county,asked that he be given a little time togo over the franchise as presented tothe court.According to Mr. Batterton thereare no objectionable features otherthan a clause which would give thecompany the exclusive right along thecounty roads, and further that thefranchise does not state upon whichroad the pipe lines shallenter the city.These, ho contend, will be adjustedto meet the favor of the officials ofthe company as well as the court. Thematter will come up for considerationat the May session of the court, whenwith the proper concessions the franchise will be granted, IThe Board of Trustees of the W. W.Massie Memorial Hospital were beforethe court and asked that an annual appropriation of $6,000 be made to aid Insustaining the institution, but thismatter, too, was deferred, fnd willcome up today. At present, the taxrate of 31 cents for the general fundis levied and under law cannot exceed50 cents. From this source thecounty obtains only a small revenuefrom the $16,000,000 worth of taxableproperty and the annual appropriationof $6,000 would necessitate an extralevy to meet the appropriation. It issaidthe court is willing to make a levyof 2j or 3 rents to meet the hospitalappropriation. The members of theBoard of Trustees of the institutionand the Fiscal Court made a visit tothe hospital yesterday afternoon.Judge DeniaDundon presided at thesession of 'the court yesterday withthe following magistrates;; present :L. J. Fretwell, E. P. Thomason, R.H. Burns, J. .1. Kedmon. O.B. Lloyd.B. F. Stipp, John N. Shropshire andG. K. Redraon.The report of Road Supervisor C .F.Redmon for the month of ; March wasaccepted by the court and the sum ofSI, 500 for use on the turnpikes, while647.90 was tordered paid for- repairson the country roads.County Treasurer Silas Bedford, whowas re-elected for the ensuing year,presented his renorOo the court. Thereport showed the county to be in agood condition at the present timewith a small balance to its credit. Thereport also showed that the last of a$48,000 floating indebtedness had beenwiped out, the effort to close this portion of the county's indebtedness "beginning three years ago,, and out ofthe genera fund, which amounts annually to the sum of S340,00. Duringthe past three years $7,500 has beenused to cancel court house bonds "andthe report of- Mr. Bedford disclosesthat only $75,000 of the court housebonded indebtedness of the county remains. A committee composed of Squires E.P. Thomason and G. K. Redmon wasappointed to advertisefor bids and letcontract to repair Colville Bridge overHinkstan creek..It appearing that a bridge overHinkston creek being owned jointlywith Nicholas county is in bad condition, and that same can be done forless than S500, and that Nicholascounty has expressed her willingnessto unite in a contract to make saidrepairs, it was ordered that a committee be appointed to confer with a likecommittee from the Nicholas FiscalCourt, and was authorized to make acontract on behalf of Bourbon for therepairs of the bridge. The committeeis composed of Squires Burns and JohnJ. Redmon.An appropriation of $1,500 was madeto the Turnpike Supervisor for repairson turnpikes and the bridge on theParis and Clintonville pike was ordered repaired by using a three font metalculvert. It was also ordered that thewall be raised, and the bridge on theThatcher's Mill and Clintonville turnpike, and a committee composed ofSquires Burris and Fretwell was appointed to ouild a bridce over Boone'screek.The court appropriated a sum ofSI, 250 per mile to construct 1 3-4 milesof pike between the Paris and FlatRock turnpikes to be known as theRoseberry turnpike, said appropriationto be available when the petitionershave paid into the County Treasury thesum ot $oou to oe used in the construction.Squires Lloyd, Shropshire andCounty Attorney George Battertonwere appointed a committee, to auditthe settlement of County TreasurerSilas Bedford, and the same were appointed to make and have published afinancial statement of the county.Silas E. Bedford was elected CountyTreasurer tor the ensuing year, andhis bonds were hxed as follows: County Treasurer, $6,000; Treasurer GarthFund, $6,000, Treasurer HamiltonFund, $6,000,Seventh District Collector Resigns.Colonel Timothy A. Field, Collectorof Internal Revenue for the SeventhDistrict, has forwarded.hia resignationto the Secretary of the Treasury.The first intimation that ColonelField had resigned was made throughdispatches published in the Cincinnatinewspapers.Col. Fields, who is now at his homein Ashland, verified the report Wednesday, stating Shis resignation was forwarded at noon April 1.So far there are four candidates forthe collectorship to succegd Col. FieldThev are former Congressman W. P.Kimball and Desha Breckinridge, ofLexington, Ben Marshall, of Frankfort, Circuit Clerk of Franklin county,and Countv Clerk Lee, of Flemingeburg. Senator Ollie M. James, whohas not been able to take up patronacre matters in Kentucky with thePresident on account of illness, whichhas kept him confined to his room forthree weeks, was reported in theWashington dispatches as able now tobe at his office, and that he would seethe President one day this week inregard to a number of appointmentsin Kentucky, among them the SeventhDistrict Collectorship. ISpring OpeningNew Icbeerg Rerfigerator.A F. W HEELER & CO..tf Opp. Court House, Paris.Jap-ALac.Made in 21 'colors, renews everythingfrom cellar to garrett. A few of themany uses for Jap-a-lac. floors, woodwork, screens, iron fences, linoleums,automobiles, wagons, agricultural implements.. The women folk can'tclean house without usirg Jap-a-lac.Call in and let us explain the use of it.We have a full stock.4 2t LAVIN & CONNELL.Historic Clark County FarmSold.The fine Clark county farm recentlypurchased from Garrard Watts, ofFayette county, by N. H. Witherspoonis better known as the old Cluke place,where Col. Roy Stuart Cluke raised aregiment and ,'joined the Confederatearmy under Gen. John Morgan. Col.Cicero Coleman and the late Major RS. Bullock were Lieutenant Coloneland Major respectively in the sameregiment. ,Col. Cluke'had been a gallant soldierpreviously bothin the Texas war of independence and in !!the Mexican Warwhich followed. iAfter his death theplace became the property of his widow, tMrs. Kate Kerr Cluke, and herson," Roy Stuart Cluke, Jr., but it hasbeen owned by Mr. Watts, of Fayettecounty, for many years.Manyjnoted people have been entertained at the hospitable fold homewhich. is situated atjTebbs station opposite'theabeautiful residence of "Mr.Stanley Prewitt.Insure with W.Prompt payingcompanies.nonliinton.- uniontfWild Dogs Kill Valuable Colt.Roger Wilson, a farmer living nearLexington, lost a valuable colt Tuesday in an junusual manner. The coltwas about three days old, and a dozenor more wild dogs, whose voracity hasmade them as vicious as wolves, attacked it, and after running the coltdown, pounced upon it, Jand whenfound it had been almost entirelv devoured Vicious dogs have during thelast several months killed a number ofsheep in Fayette county, but this isthe first time they hve grown bold andformidable enough to attack as largean animal a? a colt.Sporting News ThinksActed Hastily.FarrellJ!Don't be surpaised if vou have anan attack offaieumatism this spring'.Just rub the affected parts freely withunamberjam's wmment and it willsoon disappear. For sale by all dealThe St. Louis Sporting News, recognized as the greatest baseball mediumin the United States, expresses itselfin strong terms regarding the actionof Secretary Farrell, in expelling theBlue Grass League. It says editorially :"From the information at hand onwhich to base an opinion, it seemsthat John H. FarreJl, as Chairman ofthe Board of Arbitration of the National Association, has acted with uncalledfor haste in withdrawing protectionfrom the Blue Grass League as a result of that league's announced determination to test in the courts theclause of the National Agreement fixing territorial lights."Expulsion of a league is a seriousthing, not to be resorted to until everyeffort at an understanding has beenexhausted, and even then hardly to beexcused until the offending memberhas committed an actual vioiation ofthe National Agreement."Whatever may be the violation ofthe understood principles of organizedbaseball bv the Blue Grass, it can notbe held that it has as vet violated thesection of the National Agreement under which Mr. Farrell bases his orderof expulsion."Mr. Farrell's order reads: 'Thoofficials of the Blue Grass Leaguehaving publicly and officiallv Smndpknown their dehprmirmHnn tn vlnUfn !the National Agreement this leaguehas had its membership fee returnedand its reserved players declared freeagents. The National Association mustabide by the provisions oE Article 5.Section 3 of the National Agreement.'"The article referred to in thpAgreement is to prohibit one league"from entering the territory of anotherleague, but it does not appear that theBlue Grass League has as yet placed aclub in Covington, within the Cincinnati teriitory. Even the threat of violation seems to have been contingenton a conrt ruling that would hold therecould be no such prohibition in anyagreement."Organized baseball can not svmna.thize with the Blue Grass League incaKing its dispute into the civil court,but it does not follow that organizedbaseball shall take the stand that thestarting of a civil action is reason forthe expulsion of,the offending league.If it does it is treading on dangeitusground and probably inviting justWhat it KPPfc .-vfrs awnTrl onWn :Paris Fair Will Have Bit Carnival FeatureThat the'Paris Fair will bave a car-nival feature unsurpassed by any fairirrthe State at the exhibition l rxfcSeptemberfs evidenced bj th ffertof the officials of the Bourbon CountyAgricultural Society, to land one ofthe largest organizations that will beon the road tnis season.Secretary John Wiggins, acting inconnection with the (amusement committee of the Society, is in correspondence with a number of the leading carnival companies who will in a shorttime go on the road for the summer.Among the number are three of therlargest that will operate this season inthe south, and an especial effort is being made to land one of the numberfor the week of the Bourbon fair.Aside from this the officials expectto have many other free attractions-,and amusement features. SecretaryWiggins is authority' for the statement that there will be no dearth 'of-'amusement features during the coming fair, and at this early date theamusement committee will lose notime in securing contracts for the leading attractions.Clearing Building SitesMayor John T. Hinton has a largeforce of workmen engaged in clearingoff the lot on High street betweenNinth and Tenth streets, where twoold frame houses were destroyed byfire last winter. The work is preparatory to the erection of two seven roombrick residences with all modern conveniences.League Meeting Postponed.The meeting of the Babies HealthLeague has been postponed from tomorrow until next Saturday. The?subject for discussion at this meeting:will be announced later.H. B. Einsolving a Candidate.Hon. H. B. Kinsolving, of Mt. JSterling, has filed with Attorney GeneralMcReynolds his application forCtheappointment of United States DistrictAttorney for the Eastern District offKentucky, and Jsl, said to have somesplendid backing for the place.Charlton K. Thompson", of Covington, is his most formidable opponentfor the place. .Thanks to Our Quincy.The Courier-Journal says: "The?Fish and Game Department has not.been long established, but in the shortppriod ot its existence it has broughtabout a respect for the laws affectingthese important matters : such as has:not been evidenced in all the previoushistory of Kentucky. With a continuance of the work so well begun thereshould be in a few years a notable increase of fish and game wihin the borders of the State."Changes in Local Railroad Office-Richard Butler, who has had theposition as timekeeper in the office of"W. H. Anderson, superintendent orthe L. &, N. Railioad in Paris, hasbeen promoted to the position of chief"clerk in the office of W. A. McDowell,general manager of the Lexington andEastern Railway at Lexington.Charles W. Fithian, at present correspondence clerk in iheoffice of Mr.Anderson, will succeed Mr. Butler.These promotions will be effectiveApril 10.The Adams Express office has beemmoved from Fifth street to the newbuilding at the L. & N. depot, whichTis a much more convenient place firhandling the business of the companyParis Suffers from Dust EViLaA 4- R . A AT T-rxL mc piesem. time rarisians are?suffering to no small extent from thedust evil, and no little complaint isbeing heard. The unusually high'winds of the past several days sweepsthe dust in immense volumes from thestreets in' the business houses and residences and goggles have becomealmost as necessary for pedestrians asautoists. It is a good time now forthe city fathers to think of oiling ourstreets and take the matter up without further delay.Do You Know "Jack the Peeper"We havebpen asked iepeatedly thelast few days for information regarding the name of the person who Thasassumed the role of "Jack the Peeper." and who was all but caught inthe act several nights ago on the roofof a Main street residence gazi.igboldly into a window. We would liketo enlighten the curious few, but forthe want of information 'ourselves weare unable to do so.We have heard it noised about thatthe party in question was a prominentman of this city, but there is nothing-to verny tne statement; again it hasbeen said an irresponsible negro wa?guijty of the offense. The police havebeen on the alert ever since the instance which came to their notice several nights ago and a repetition of theoffense will more than likely result inthe arrest of the euiltv party.There are suspicions, 'tis true, butthrough courtesy to our police friendswho have the case in hand, we wouldnot venture speech through these co.umns or'otherwise until wai rants aieissued or an arrest made.CHOCOLATESIBY MAILsiviwtinimCHOCOLATES) iarxaadfrMkrry day-MpciaMyprtpmrcd fer iu-im neat boxes Micattly flavored, pure uni. yrhdUmmcdy,..abjoIuUly guarantied at toqutKtyTO CONSUMUU ONLY50 cub for a full povad, putaaij4Vis.43ers. .K court."JK?r4r .4, ; -srY?ifrfPV6,'T'Vt:..?y-fv.rFjL?-JX -i&ME BOURBOfi NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHING-SPECIAL.To introduce theDust - Vac VacuumCleaner we are makinga special price forone week of $8.50.Has the brush.J.T. H1NTON.Buick Car Delivered.Yerkes &"Prichard delivered Wednesday to Mr. Charlton Clay a Buick runabout which he purchased severalweeks ago.Come Here for Your Hats.Many exclusive styled' you won't findelsewhere. We recommend Stetson $4and 5 hats.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Pay for Teachers.Miss Mabel Robbins, County Superintendent, will be pieparedjto pay "theteachers of Bourbon county their salaries for the seventh school month Saturday, April 5.Seed Oats.We believe we have the finest seedo.ts Jn Bourbon county or elsewhere.28 5t CHAS S. BRENT & BRO.Silver Tea This Evening.The class of Mrs. Duncan Bell willgive a silver tea in the lecture roomat the Presbyterian church this evening from 7 to 9 o'clock. A free willoffering will be taken at the door Allare cordially invited.Chicken FanciersWe have a nice lot of water troughsand grit and feed boxes for chickens.C. P. COOK & CO.Court Dav Dinner."Remember the ladies of the Episcopal church will serve dinner in thebasement court day. The .ladies heretofore have fibeen very successful intheir undertakings and those who takedinner with them Monday will certainly cet their money's worth.Spring OpeningNew Icebreg Refrigerator.A.F . WHEELER & CO ,tf Opp. Court House, Paris.For automobile insurance,see Rudolph Davis. 4-3Sells Promising TrotterMr. Warren 'Bacon, of WashingtonC. H., Ohio, formerly of Paris, hassold his promising three-year-old, Ed.Locanda, by Locanda- 2:02 1-4. toCanadian parties for S600. Ed Locanda ran second in the Kentucky Fut jrity at Lexington last October.For Young Men, Norfolks.The demand for this garment is unprecedented, 'and we have preparedfor the demand with a beautiful lineof patterns. $15 to $25.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Smith Trial Up at Winchester.The trial of M. C. Smith for perjuryin the recent trials in Winchester ofmen accused of the murder of Ed Callahan, was called Wednesday morrvfng.Judge Benton overruled a motion forcontinuance offered by the defense because of absent witnesses and selection of a jury began.$25 is a Fair Price.to pay for your spring suit. Our325 line is the best we have evershown. ""J. W. DAVIS & CO.Notice to the Public.'Just a casual glance fat the stable,back yards, etc.. f indicate the immediate necessity of a general clean up.We are not going to run these noticesduring the entire year. Do what youknow to be right and there will be notrouble, otherwist well you are taking the chance.A. H. KELLER,tf City Health Officer.Real Estate Deals.Mr. W. S. Hughes, of Paris, soldthis week to Mr. Alfred Buckler, ofBourbon, a four room frame cottageon Clifton street, in the Uld BourbonFair Grounds Addition to Paris, at aprivate Drice.Mr. Thomas F. Brannon bought thisweek from Len Johnson, a vacant lotin Clajsville, at a private price.Removal Notice.Owners of hogs and pigs are requested by the Board of Health tohave them removed from the city atonce. Don't move those animalsfrom pen to pen, or cellar to cellar,but take them cut of town. Thismeans you, if you are the owner ofsuch property. All look alike to thisBoard.A. H. KELLER,City Health OfficerWarehouse Company DeclaresDividend.The Board of Directors of the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company at arecentjneeting, declared,a dividend of22 per cent on the capital stock of thecompany, payable April 1. They alsodecided that the $15,000 worth of newptoek which at a recent meeting, theFtoekholders decided to issue, 'shoulde sold in blocks of five shares or lesst tobacco growers it being the wisho iho company to interest as mansgrowers as possible in theenlerprise.PERSONAL MENTION.Mrs. C J. MLcear is visitin g inBristol, Tenn.lI Mrs. H.C. Henson is quite ill ather home in this city.Mr. and Mrs. F. P. Walker arevisiting friends in Chicago.Mrs. Maria Lyons has rceoveredfrom a three weeks' illness of pneumonia. Mrs. C. R. Turner remains dangerously ill at her home on Fifteenthstreet.Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland isconfined to her bed sufferingiwith tanso' itis.Mrs. James McClure has gone toBoston to ivisit her son, tMr. JamesMcClure, Jr.-iMr. and Mrs. Wm. (Jiltnpr TOPnf inLouisville last night where Mrs Giltnerwill consult a specialist.Mr Ben Downey returned Wednesday from Mcintosh, Fla., where he hasbeen spending the winter.Miss Minnie Fox, of Big StoneGap, Va., is the guest of Mrs. W. E.Simms, on Mt. Airy Avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Kincaid andson, of Robertson, were guests thisweek cf Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Curtis.Mr. Fay Ardery is it home from aLexington hospital where he underwent an operation for appendicitis. 2Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Brown, of Canton, 0., are guests cf the latter 'bmother, Mrs. L. Collins, in this city.The condition of .' Miss GeraldineHerrin, who isseriously ill at her home ion Souch Main street, does "net improve, iMrs. John Freeze, of Cannel City,formerly Miss Isabella Armstrong, ofParis, is visiting relatives and friendsin this city.Mrs.' Elmer Foote and Mrs. Coleman Metcalf, of Lexington, are guestsof their parents, Mr. and Mrs. C. D.Paynter, in thiB city.Mrs. J. D. Booth has issued invitations to a reception which will be heldat her home near Millersburg, Wednesday, April 9, from two until five.Misses Ida and Fannie Shropshireand Mr. R. F Shropshire, who ghavebeen quite ill at their home near thi3city, with "measles for the past twoweeks, have entirely recovered.Mrs. R. Goldstein and son, ElmerGoldstein, Miss Freda Schur, and Mr.Arthur Josef, have returned to Cincinnati after a visit to Mr. and Mrs.Harry Simon, on Henderson street.Mrs. White Varden and MissCarolyn Rosbeerry left yesterday for asnort visit in Winchester. They willboth attend the german to be giventhere tonight. Miss Roaeberry willlead.Mrs. L. I'. Smith has returnedfrom Lagrange where she has beenvisiting relativesand will ;leave in afew weeks to join her husband at Pensacola. Fla., where they will .residepermanently.Mr. HarryPaiker, who left NewYork last week and who was detainedin Cleveland, O., on account of thefloods, arrived in Paris Wednesday fora visit to his mother, Mrs. EmilyParker,, on South Main street.Mrs. W. T. Buckner and daughter,Miss Nellie Buckner, who have beenSDending the winter in California, areexpected to return home soon and willlater occupy Miss Doehrer's home onHigh street,ihe'regularfmonlhly meeting ofthe C. W. B. M. will be held this afternoon in the parlors of the Christianchurch. Rev. A, H. Fortune, of theCollege of the Bible, of Lexington,will be present and give an interestingtalk.Mrs. Albert Hinton gave a beautiful luncheon and sewing party yesterday in honor of Miss Allene Power.Those present were, MissPowei, Mrs.Amos Turney, Jr., Miss Rachael Wiggins'. Miss Mary FIthian Hutchcraftand Mrs. Wm. Ardery.Mrs. Robert Goggin, president ofthe Home Economics Club," has calleda meeting to be held at the courthouse tomorrow afternoon at twoo'clock. Miss Aubyn Chmn, of StateUniversity, Lexington, willbepresentand talk on home economics.-At a meeting of the ParliamentaryClub held Wednesday afternoon in theElks Building the following officerswere elected for the ensuing year:President, Mrs. A .H. Morehead ; VicePresident, Mrs. Robert Goggin; Secretary, Mrs. F. P. Lowry ; Treasurer,Mrs. George Stuart.Mrs. J. Frank Clay entertained themembers of her sewing club Mondayat her home on the Winchester pike.The guests had a moRt enjoyabletime and a tempting luncheon wasserved. Miss Minnie Fox, of BigStone Gap, Va., was an invited guestand the occasion afforded a meetingbetween her and friends of other days.Mrs. George Alexander left Tuesday for Cincinnati with ner daughters.Misses Elizabeth Clay and MarianAlexander, who will resume theirstudies at Bartholomew College. '.Theywere accompanied by Miss MargaretFerguson, who has been the guest ofher mother, Mrs. J. S. Roberta, nearthis city, and who is also a student ata college in Cincinnati.The last program and businessmeeting'ofthe year of the Paris Literary Club was held Wednesday afternoon atuhe club parlors. The members enjoyed a folk lore program andthe following interesting papers wereread: "Folk Lore and the AmericanIndian," Mrs. White Varden: "Voodoo Tales." Mrs. Ossian Edwards;"English Folk Songs Witb EspecialReference to Their Survival in theKentucky Mountains," Mrs. Harry B.Clay. The report of the vear's workas presented by the president, Mrs. J.T. Vansant, the secretary, Miss MarvWoodford, and the treasurer, MissLaura Lilleston. showed the club to bein an excellent condition. Dr. IrenuT. Myeis, of Lexington, will be theguest of the cubnext Wednesday afternoon and will give her popular lecture on "Hawaii."Laying of Line Will Soon Begin.The laying of'the natural gas pinelines into this cityjby the Central Kentucky Natural Gas Company will bebegun at the earliest possible datefollowing the securing of a franchisefiom Bourbon and Clark counties. Theaction of the Bourbon Fisdal Court yesterday in deferring action until theMay ssEsion will delay matters somewhat, but there is little doubt thefranchise will be granted.Col. Tom Stewart, of Winchester,who was in the city yesterday befuretne court and who presented the franchise, .stated that after I presentingthe franchise .here he would go to theClark county!court at its regular meeting next gweek. This court, he says,will readily grant the franchise.The laying of the pipe lines, according to Col. Stewart.Jwill begin withinsixty days after the franchise throughthe two counties is secured. Sometime will be required' to get tne pipeson the ground, but barring'any delaysactive worK will Pegm soon. It willbe pushed to an early completion andit is practically assured Paris willhave natural gas by fall.Fire Results from ExplosionThe explosion of a coal oil stovecaused a considerable blaze in theapartments occupied by Bruce Huddleston over the store of Harry Ogdenabout six o'clock Wednesday morning.The explosion followed the attempt ofHuddlestcn to light the stove and fora time it looked as though a seriousfire would be the outcome.A prompt response on tne part ofthe fire department probably saved anentire block of the" business sectionfrom destruction. Two lines of hosewere run into the building and the second floor flooded. By a desperateeffort the flames were confined to theroom in which they started.The storeroom occupied by Mr. Ogden was badly damaged by water andhis stock suffered considerable. Huddleston was badlysburned about thehands and face while making an effortto smother the flames. The loss willamount to about $300.Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.Condemnation Case Is Ended.The jury in the Federal Court atLouisville, which spent three weekshearing the evidence in the condemnation proceedings of the Western UnionTelegraph Company for a right of wayover the property of the Louisville andNashville railroad through Kentucky,returned a verdict yesterday morningawarding the railroad company $500,000. As soon as the verdict was announced counsel for both sides askedfor time in which to decide on thequestion of an appeal.FOR SALENo. 1 good Jersey cow. 4 years old,with heifer calf by side and two extragood Jersey heifers.JAMES B. WOODFORD,E. T. Phone 610.4 3t RouteJ, Paris, Ky.GrandThursday,April10LymanH.floweTravel Festival20 Bi New featuresThrilling Escape from FerociousLions.Dynamiting a Mountain.Building a New York Skyscrappr.Bird Studies in Color of Nature.Holland, Simplon Tunnel.Niagara Gorge.20 Other Big Features all new.PRICES--25c, 35c, 50c.FOlTSALE!DESIRABLEStock FarmBourbon County,Kentucky,Belmont Stock r- arm, the beautifulsuburban home of tne late John A.Lyle, is offered for sale privately.This farm is admirably adapted forraising of blooded horses. Locatedas it is on the interurban line, onequarter of a mile from Paris, Ky., onthe Lexington pike, containing 150'acres of good land, the place shouldappeal strongly to any one wantingan ideal coun cry home.The farm is improved with a substantial two-story brick dwelling,equipped with water works, lighting"system, bath room, furnace, etc. Alsoa large well appointed stock barn,large tobacco barn and all other necessary out-buildings, all in good condition. Thi3 is one of the most desirablecountry places in the Bluegrass andthe soil is in a high state of cultivation. The home is nearly surroundedby a beautiful woodland, and theplace is abundantly supplied withnever-failing water.Persons looking for such a placeare invited to inspect, the premises.For further information, apply to"W. W. MITCHELL,Paris, Ky.I-I ParisAdministrator's NoticeNotice is hereby given to all persons having claims against the estateof Wm. Steuban, deceased, to presentthem pioperlyfproven according to lawto the undersigned administrator ofthe estate for pavment, and all persons owing the estate are requested tosettle promptly.STEPHEN MOORE.Admr. Wm. Steuban, Deceased.'A WIRED HOUSEBsmrmDMiEA Few of the NewRecords ForApril :All Night Long (Brooks) Ada Jones andHilly Murraj; Somebody's Comingtp Town,Eillj' Murray.When I Lost You, Henry Bvu$; TheAour of Love; Frederick Wheeler.Faust, Ballet Music; Faust, Dance ofTorjan Maidens, Vessella's ItalianBand.Row, Row, Row, (from "Follies of 1912)American Quartette; Malinda's Wedding Day, Collins and Harlan.Ask to Hear ThemComplete List Mailed Free.Daugberty Bros!Wc SellThe Sturgis,The Alwin,The SidwaySo Why Buyf 1Mx4l. A. KV - 1. 1 TSBliiifi iGoCartsrneylK&3lfeL rThe Sidway is a Guaranteed Cart. Guarantee With Each Cart ISee Our Immense. Line of WallJ.T. MINT0NiWood (VlanteSs8 Spring House Cleaning!Time is Upon Us Now Por Your SLace Curtains and DraperiesCome Let Us Show You an Enormous LineCluny, Irish Point, Nottingham, Reinasance, Louis-14, Scrim, Muslin and Many Other Curtainsin White, Cream "or Ecru. TDRAPERIES Sof every description, double and single borders, white or 9lecru in Scrim, Fillet, Lace Marquisette, &c. We buy di- Wrect from the manufacturer, thereby saving you the mid-dle-manTproflt. Come, look whether you want to buy orW. Ed.Tlie Place to PurchaseYour Jevelry is"The House of Quality,"Up-to-Date Goods In Sterling Silver and. Gold.biii ia b iSHIRK & FITHIAN.ast Venn. 288.K.Sfi!flMl-9Epi0rBLM-BJ-iS-fl-hwiE3 mvvSflre unquestionaDi u tne Best MadeRsttletraps ? Why NotIT COSTS NO MORETlllICollapsibleam v$4.90to$30.00WE PUT THEM ON RIGHTB IHl -UH BH HSAVES YOU MONEYUndertakingTucker. IBJfome 130.PGoCarts!VVc SellThe Sturgis,The Alwin,The SidwayStart Right?iDecorations.AmbulanceJv '?.ItIit 4J1'.4 J' ml 1'! fl! fl13 flaI'IIIirII!5!!There are ? things . inthis world that you cannotoverlook.They grip your eye like agood friend grips your handj.16LSTRADKcdJb dcsMARKare to be found on the backs of younger men in everyup-to-date community in America. " Whether or notthey are to be seen and worn in your own town liesentirely with you.T F you would enjoy going to-- a local clothier to buy thebest clothes the most correctclothes the most trustworthyclothes, it is possible for thehighest type of clothing manufacturer to produce, simply sayto your local clothier yourfriend; "Get R. B. FashionClothes."llsis Jni IIIHBjM W mm!mS3m8BSEL&tes J a BaliXT' 1 -IP)I . L-. ULi-jnJIOCHCSTCR. N r.Our Booklet " HEROES' ' arranged in Commemoration of the Fiftieth Anniversary of TheBattle of Gettysburg1863-1913.Mailed on request. AddressRosenberg Bros.&?Co.Fashion ParkRochester. N. Y.m i zr n -tix-. - it imrx -s-vw.' .iznI Br , H MS JREMEMBER THE NAMEIT'S fl. f WHEELER'S NEW ICEBERG REFRIGERATOR.It means everything to you when you decide to choose your Refrigerator ECONOMY,CONVENIENCE, DURABILITY, and of beautiful exterior constructionIt's the name thatmeans most to you. And remember it and this store when you decide to choose yourrefrigerator.PRICES, ST.OO UP TO S48.00.PORCH CHAIRS, SETTEES, SWINGSA complete line to make the hot days comfortable after working hours are over.IIPw?fit-Carts, $3.75 up io $30.00.BABY'S COMFORTSNow is the time to takethe baby out for an airingwith one of our Go-Carts,as that will mean everything to the baby.Settees $3.50 up to $16.00.Others, 85c and up.To Save Time, Steps and Work, See Our Kitchen Cabinets$9.75 UP TO $30.00.THE HAPPY HOME MAKERS,A. F. WHEELER FURNITURE CO.MAWMAN STREET.CHflS. GREEN, Manager,0PP. COURT HOUSE.Discouraged, NervousMenendwomenThe Great Tonic, Tona Vita, isBuilding Them Up byTiiousands.A few years ago if you'were nervousand all run down with little strengthand poor health generally, you wouldhave wondered what to do to buildyourself up.Nowadays if you remain in this miserable condition a day longer it is yourown fault. Tona Vita the wonderfultonic that has built up thousands ofrun down Deople in the last two yearsis ready to help you.Get it at once. Take ita few weeksand your old health and strength willreturn without tail. You will feel likea new person almost from the firBtdose of this pleasant tasting tonic.Weigh yourself after taking TonaVita one week and see how much ycuhave gained in weight.Tona Vita is sold by Chas. . Butler & Co.To the Point.'All the world is so closely akin thatnot one individual may realize his high,desire except all the world share itwith him. Every good thought yousend out is a silent -power working forpeace, health, love, joy, success to allhumanity including yourself. Elizabeth Towne.Why He Was Late."What made ou so late?''"I metSmithson.""Well, that is no reason why youshould be an hour late getting hometo supper.""I know, but I asked him how hewas feeling, and he insisted on tellingme about his stomach trouble.""Did you tell him to take Chamberlain's Tablets.""Sure, thatis what he needs." Soldby all dealers.Tuberculosis.Tuberculosis or consumption is rarein childhood; increases rapidly afterthe age of fifteen, and is most common between the ages of twenty-fiveand thirty. Those who escape it tillthe latter age are less and less proneto it as they advance in years.Drive Sick Headaches Away.Sick headaches, sour,gassy stomachindigestion, biliousness disappearquickly after you take Dr King's NewPills. They purify the blood and putnew life and vigor in the system. Trythem and you will be well satisfied.Every pill helps ; every box guaranteed. Price 25c. Recommended byOberdorfer.How to Remove Mildew.To remove mildew from linen takeBorne yellow soap and rub it well intothe linen, then scrape some chalk veryfine and rub that in also. Lay thelinen on the grass and as it dries wetit again and again until the mildewdisappears. Another way is to mixsoft soap and powdered starch withhalf the quantity of salt and the juiceof a lemon. Apply the mixture with abrush and lay the linen out on thegrass for a few frosty nights until thestain disappears.Beware of Ointments for CatarrhThat Contain Mercuryas mercury will surely destroy thesense of, smell andjcompletely derangethe whole system on entering itthrough the mucous surfaces. Sucharticles should never be used excepton prescriptions from reputable physicians as the damage they will do istenfold to the good you can possiblyderive from them. Hall's CatarrhCure, manufactured by F. J. Cheney& Co., Toledo, O., contains no mercury, and is taken internally, actingdirectly upon the blood and mucoussurfaces of the system. In buyingHall's Catarrh Cure be sure and getthe genuine. It is taken internallyand made in Toledo, Ohio, by F. J ,Cheney & Co. Testimonials free.Sold by druggists. Price 75 centsper bottle.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.Don't Mistake the CauseMany Paris People Have KidneyTrouble and Do NotEnow It.Do you have backache?Are you tired and worn out?Feel dizzy, nervous and depresspd?Are the kidney secretions irregular?Highly colored; contain sediment?Likely your kidneys are at fault.Weak kidneys give warnings of Ldistress. Heed the warning; don't delayUse a tested kidney remedy.Kead this Lexington testimony :Deward Lawrence, 413 E. Fifthstreet, Lexington Ky.. says: "Isuffered from, a dull pain in the smallof mv back. I didn't rest well, as mybackwas so sore and lame. When, Igot up in the morning I was tired andirritable. Sometimes the kidney secretions were too frequent in passage,then again they did not pass oftenenough. When some one advised metouse Doan's Kidney Pills I did andwas relieved." !For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster-Milburn Co.. .Buffalo,New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the name Doan's andtake no other, r"jWPeroxide of Hydrogen.,"Within recent years no remedy hascome into such general use as peroxide of hydrogen, the consumption ofwhich has reached enormous proportions. In this section of the countrythere is an especially great demandfor its use as a gargle for colds andcatarrhs, as well as a toilet preparation and as an antiseptic in connection with surgical operations. TheNew York Pharmaceutical Era callsattention to the fact that it is an unstable and widely -variant product andthat its sale should be closely supervised; that the manufacturer shouldbe compeled to indicate on the labelthe use for which it is intended andbe required to stamp (as it deteriorates with age) the date of manufacture. In most makes of peroxide ofhydrogen there is an addition of acet-an-ilide,as a preservative. This isdangerous, and is said to be an unnecessary addition.Iron Bearing Plants.Experiments are under way at theagricultural ' bacteriological station InVienna to increase the quantity ofIron carried in certain plants, with aview to the effect on the human system when those plants are used asfood. Artificially prepared foods containing iron do not always producethe desired effect, because the ironis not completely assimilated. Thisdifficulty, it is thought, may be avoided by causing plants to take up an increased quantity of iron during theirnatural growth. By adding hydrate ofIron to the soil in which it was growing, the experimenters have succeededin producing spinach containing a percentage of iron seven times as greatas that found In ordinary spinach. ItIs believed that the process will provesuccessful with other ferruginousplants.If Yon Wait to Pntii WaferWorts in Yonr BonseOr Barn, or Bathroom Fixture orFuruace, or Tin, Shingles or MefcaJLRoofing, and all kinds of Tin Work;Guttering, Pipss, Filters, "Water TankSr.Dipping Tanks, Sewerage Pipe and.Clay Flues. Concrete Work a Specialty. Give us a call."We also handle the American FieldWite Fencing, and the best line ofTCook Stoves, Oil Stoves and Heaterson the market, and all kinds of Hardware, Farming Tools, Grates and.Mantels, Screen Doors, Poultry Supplies, Harness of all kinds, the W. J.Oliver Plow, the best Plow on themarket. Horse Clippers, Cement,,Lime, Paint and Oils."We buv the very best goods obtainable, and our prices are right.BEST & HAWKINS,4mar3mo Millersburg.lKy.4 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDepositsYour DepositsAre GuaranteedYOU TAKE NO RISKS!f You Are InterestedWrite UsUNION STATE BANEMuskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000Fully PaidOxy-L'OZllO-The Great Blood PurifierDon't wait, for Spring has come, so begin to buildup your system now by cleansing your blood withOXY-TONIC, the Great Germ Destroyer and BloodPurifier. For all diseases of the blood, and as aTONIC there is but one OXY-TONIC.Germsthe germs.cause disease, OXY-TONIC destroys-LCall and get a free booklet atW. T. Brooks9 Drug Store.1Special PricesBeef Hides UntilFurther NoticeWe pay 12 l-2c for greenbeef hides. Call us upor bring it to our place.MAX MUNICK,8th Street, PARIS, KYOall East Tenn. Phone 374NEW - BARBER - SHOPWindsor Hotel.Modern Equipment.PoliteService.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDProfessional CardsJ j. whjXjIams,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Buildine.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Oflice PhonesResidencceJ E. T 136.Home 136.E. T.334.Home 334.,R. A. H KELLER,practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - - - KentuckyCurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AilHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Pat-Kentucky Traction andTerminal Co.INTERURBAN SCHEDULELve. Lexington Lve. Parisfor Paris For Lexington-'x6.00 a m 6.45 a m7.20 a m X7.30 a mx8.00 a m 8.15 a m8.50 am x9.00 a m10.20 a m 9.45 a m.11.50 a m 11.15 a m1.20 p m 12.45 p m2-50 p m 2.15 p m3.30 p m 3.45 p m4.20 p m 4.30 p m5-0 P ni 5.I0 p m8-00 P m o.OO p mHi! P m 6.45 p m9.10 p m 8.15 p mU.00 p m 10.O0 p mx Daily Except Sunday.ronage Solicited.Spceial RatesLow Roundj TripHomeseek-ers TicketsTo points in Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi, Arizona, Arkansas,Missouri, New Mexico, Oklahoma,Texas and Kansas on sale first andthirdJTuesday of each month, returnlimit 25 days from date of sale.Round trip Winter Tourist iickets toall principal winter resorts in theSouth on sale Oct. 15th to April 30th,1913, final return limit May 3lst, 1913..For further information, apply toJW. H, HARRIS, Agent,' J.K. SMITH, T. A.'I&&f.s5?.":&.c-,4ft-J&; cso-'.TV. ?VTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY APRIL 4 1913IfcH,tr?-Expert Barber.Mr. Carl Crawford, a barber of 30years' experience, invites the publicTto his new shop at the Windsor Hotel.Two chairs. Prompt service. Children's work a specialty. Razors honedsatisfactorily. tfThe SanitaryShop!XWith all the latest devicesinstalled in my shop to makeit absolutely sanitary andclean, including a PatentTowel Sterlizer, IndividualCups, Soap, etc., believe wehave the most modern shopin Paris. We have just installed a new Porcelain Tuband an up-to-date Bathroom.Hot water at all times. ThreeBarbers, ail experts. We"would like to have yourtrade. I take this method of-soliciting it. Is there a reason why we should not receive it? Respectfully,Russ Corbie.or FAILOicent, wo to $100,000W. KING & SON,!25 Cheap side. Lexington, Ky.TO ORDERWe Also.DoDRYCLEANING.PRESSING,REPAIRING.Best.WorkGu a r a n teedF31HrimSiiSRigSimaaiaK2Thmu Bros.aiaS3..... "--'.uiuvMiKiauaatsNATIONAL5c and 10c StoreSPECIALFor Thirty Days' On AllWall PaperAnd also Puttingsame on Waffs. "Must Have Roomfor New Stock.CPiJUl mtS ill B m MBmsmmammamMmmmmaMiroNR2fcW Stops'J3 JK32k mVd bib u- CUM A9BIH ftatta dRIB 3!2 frJfllBaiania wuimti'msii IsuaSISBIHKillmaiaBIB512niap luiiTiif 5fc 2!5&gg$&rNational 5g and 10g StoreWatch Our Windows.Coughs and Consumption.Coughs and colds, when neglected,always lead to serious trouble of thelungs. The wisest thing; to do whenyou have a cold that troubles you isto get a bottle of Dr. King's New Discovery. You will get relief from thefirst dose, and finally the cough willdisappear. O. H. Brown, of Muscadine, Ala., writes: "My wife wasdown in bed with an obstinate cough,and I honestly believe bad it not beenfor Dr. King's New Discovery shewould not be living today." Knownfor forty-three years as the best remedy for coughs and colds. Price 50cand SI. Recommended by Oberdor-fer's.Too Formal."Are you on friendly terms wi$.your neighbor in the apartments?""Well, no. She's rather 'formal. Always sends her card when she wishesto borrow flour, and if she wants bothflour and sugar she sends two cards."z&s&'&ii'-'S'-!I GREAT NEWS SLteSHotel and Restaurant KeepersYou CanOrderWe Guarantee toSave You 2c to5c per poundAnd to give yourMail Order the sameswift, careful attention as if you calledin person. We shipout of town upwardsof 100,000 poundsof FRESH fish everyweek. Half an hourafter order is received, off goes thefish. Then moneyback if not the finest ever.The Original & A NFW1?1Fish and Game CompanyBE SURE TO USE138 W.THIS ADDRESS-Sloan's Liniment is a splendid remedy for backache, stiltjoints, rheumatism, neuralgia and sciatica. You don't need torub it in just laid on lightly it gives comfort and ease at once.Best for Pain and StiffnessTtj. Cfo. Buchanan, of Welch. Okla., writes: "I have used yourLin-iraent for the past ten years for pain inil.lIin'JIlt JL. cvcl UlCU. X icuuuiuicauLINIMENTis good for sprains, strains, bruises, cramp or soreness of themuscles, and all affections of the throat and chest.I JfePaafiBBBaaL aBBBBWaaaaaaaaivlaBBkrH Mhmiv2 TBaafaaaaBBBaVPittsburgh Perfect" FenceDigandA great many fence users don't reallyknow what quality of material manufacturers put into their fences, nor howthey make them.Your money goes for the fence youbuy. Why don't you find out vhat youare getting for your money?You don't buy cows or farm machineryMade in Different Styles for FIELD, FARM, RANCH, LAWN,CHICKEN, POULTRY and RABBIT YARD and GARDENAsk your dealer for "Pittsburgh Perfect" and insist on his furnishing it.you that some other fence is just as goodi If he doesn't sell"Pittsburgh Perfect" Brand of Barbed Wire;Bright, Annealed & Galvanized Wire; TwistedCable Wire; Hard Spring Coil Wire; FenceStaples; Poultry Netting Staples; Regular WireNails; Galvanized Wire Nails; Large HeadRoofia Naik; Single Loop Bale Ties; "Pitts,burgh Perfect" Fencing. All made of OpeaHeartk saateriaLIn Bluegrass to Buy Live Stock.Alvelino del Rio, buyer and overseerfor the millionaire ranchman, 0. Mendez, of the City of Mexico and Machogan. Mexico, is in Kentucky to buynew live stock with which to replenishthe herds of cattle, hogs, sheen andhorses, of which the continuous revolutions have swept the ranches practically bare. Senor del Rio speaks noEnglish, but through his interpretersaid that the two revolutions which thecountry has experienced entailed a lossof thousands of dollars to the ranchmen and an almost total destruction ofdomestic animals.The large ranch owners are nowlooking forward to the restoration ofpeace- soon, and will therefore proceedto replenish their stock farms. " DelRio will be in the Blue Grass countryseveral days visiting the famous stockfarms, selecting thorouehbred saddleand drivine horses, work horses, hogs,sheep, cattle'and mules.D.nraHKBaBHanEnnBninaBHHfiBninBaaHnEnaHF Ijn MailFRESH FROM THE FISHERMEN EVERY DAYHEverybody tired of meat. You can build up bigsteady permanent FRESH fish business. Otherssell you frozen fish at bigger prices. Ours areguaranteed fresh, plump, tasty and fine, directfrom the water. We do enormous business andcan afford to sell cheaper. Saugers and blues,Ted snapper, while trout, Spanish mackerel, pickerel, etc. Send order nolo for Fridaythen tac upsign "FRESH FISH FO SALE HEE"and watch the crowd come. Sure trade foryou. Be a "LEADER." Order to-day.We pay return money charges.Court St. Cincinnati, O.Backacheback and stiffness and find jt the bestil lvj aujuue xui pmiw ux u.nj muu.Got Entire ReliefR. D. Burgoyne, of Maysville, Ky., RR. i, Box5, -writes: "I had severe pains between my shoulders ; I got a bottle of your Liniment and had entirerelief at the fifth application."Relieved Severe Pain in ShouldersMr. J. Undervood, of 2000 Warren Ave.,Chicago. 111., writes: " I am a piano polisherby occupation, and since last September havesuffered with severe pain in both shoulders.I could not rest night or day. One of myfriends told me about your Liniment.Three applications completely curedme and I will never be without it."Price 25c, 50c, and $1.00at All Sealers.Send for Sloan's free book on horses.AddressDr. Earl S. Sloan,Boston, Mass.Deep into the Details learn ofHow the Fence you Buy iswithout full investigation. You testyour seeds.Test the fence before you buy and knowwhat your money goes for. Our new catalogue, sent free, tells how to test fence.We don't care how many different makesof fence you test, you'll find "PittsburghPerfect," as made today, is best of all.Every Rod Guaranteed", ,-w-.bdii '&CJP jwSEXES CHANGE ATTIREPLACES WHERE WOMEN DRESSAS MEN, AND VICE VERSA.Alpine Dairy Maids, at Their Work,Wear Masculine Dress, as Do theFemales In the Extreme NorthBrigands In Skirts.There are places in the worldwhere women dress in men's clothingand men don women's apparel.Even in Paris there are womendressed in cheap, coarse, masculine attire, working as teamsters and daylaborers. While it is against the law,the police wink at the fact and allowthem to earn peaceably their dailywages.In Persia, in some of the interiorparts, the women wear the strangest,oddest trouser garments. They seemto like them, too, from the fact thatthey cling to them in spite of all efforts to make them don feminine attire. Then there are the Alpine dairymaids who dress as men when theygo about their work and look pretty,if we "are inclined to take evidencefrom the numbers of men who yearlypersuade them to cast off their masculine dress and put on more clinging costumes. But then their eyes areso bright and their cheeks so red thatthey couldn't really look homely inanything they might choose to wear.Again, far in. the north, where it isfreezing cold most of the time, and people dress to be comfortable and notto look pretty, the women are actually forced into trousers to keep warm.The ancient women warriors alwayswore trousers. But their reasons werehalf maspuline in manner and appearance, and dressed to accentuate theirqualities. They had to make themselves into fierce looking creatures toterrify the men on the opposing side,and from all acounts they succeededadmirably.As for the stronger sex; there stillseem to be men in existence whowear women's garb and enjoy it. Incertain parts of Greece, Spain, andAlbania there are bands of desperatobrigands who, when they are deckedout for attacks on strangers or neighbors, look for all the world like grandopera ballet girls, in their short,brightly colored skirts,, which aremade very full, and sometimes evenruffled a bit. They seem tremendously proud of their attire, and rivalbands strive to surpass each other invividness of patterns and newness ofstyles.Wonder of Common Things.I live, in this little cottage thatseems to have alighted, like a. bird,on the slope of this gentle hill. Redand white peonies grow before thedoor, enriching the air with theirfragrance. They charm both me andthe bees. In yonder bush beside thedoor a chipping-sparrow sits upon hernest; and in the swinging branch ofthe elm tree overhead two orioles reartheir brood, and as they flash by,their golden colors delight the humanbeings that watch them. Look overthat stone wall, and mark how its flatline gives an incomparable effect tothe landscape. See our New Englandfields dotted with New England elms;and far beyond see those white-sailedschooners scud before the boisterouswind. The farmer's boy, who fefchesmilk and eggs, left me that nosegay ofwild flowers. Look! Look! See howthe whiteness of that cloud glorifiesthe blue of the sky. Is it not strangethat all these things, that go abouttheir own business, should, by theway, perform a work of supererogation and give us so much unnecessarypleasure? H. D. Sedgwick, in theAtlantic.Way Out.The easiest way to avoid argumentover the pronunciation of a word is touse a synonym, as those who say "station" instead of "depot" know. Butfew would go so far as the carpenterwho, in conversation with a friend ona street car, answered a query as tohis work by saying: "I'm working inone of those automobile barns."WhatMadeDo not allow him to persuadeit, write us direct.If you are interested in Wire Fencing, writefor FREE copy of our ALMANAC, 1913Pittsburgh Steel Co.Pittsburgh, PennsylvaniaECZEMACAN BE CUREDI Will Prove It to You FreeYou who are sufferip the tortures of Eczema. Itch. Salt Rheum or otherskin diseases you whose days are miserable, whose nights are made sleep-iug, healing treatment which has cured hundreds, which I believe will euro J c Hutz J.you. I will send it free, postage paid, without any obligation on your part.Just fill the coupon below and mail it to me, or write me, giving your name, aee and address.I will send the treatment free of cost to you. & j u. u ouiuoot.J. O. HUTZELL, 123 West Main St., Fort Wayne, Ind.Please send without cost or obligation to me your Free Proof Treatment.Name ,Post OfficeState .Street andSalves Can'tIn regard to skin diseases, medicalauthorities are now agreed on this:Don't imprison the disease germs inyour skin by the use of greasy salves,and thus encourage them to multiply.A true cure of all eczematous diseasescan be brought about only by usingthe healing agents in the form, of aliquid."WASH THE GERMS OUT.A simple wash: A compound of Oilof "Wintergreen, Thymol, and other ingredients as combined in the B.D.D.,Prescription. This penetrates to theWe're Now Showing Our Tull Line of1INGIn the CelebratedSchloss Bros. & Co.High-Class Men's Suits.They Represent the New Norfolks, the New English Cutand the Conservative Models, all BeautifullyTailored. Prices ranging from $3 5 to $35Our complete line of Emerson Shoes, Hawes Van Gal Hats,Stetson Hats, Lion ShirtsTWIN 'BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L Wollstein, Proprietor.Season 191 3Cayjor Simmons23489Dark bay horse, 16 hans high, weighs1,200 lbs.By Simmons Boy 17517, sirp of Silver Simmons 2:16, Simmonette 2:19,etc.1st dam Brilliante, by Wilkes Boy2:24K, sire of Courier-Journal 2:06,Judge Swing 2:08X, York Boy 2:08and nearly 100 others in 2:30 list.2nd dam Grace Ashland by AshlandChief 751, son of Mambrino Chief II.3rd dam Pong by Old Pilot.4th dam Meg by Boston, (thoroughbred.) TAYLOR SIMMONS will make theseason of 1913 at my stables in Paris,on High street, near 2nd street, at$15 to InsureThe ideal carriage horse is theAmerican trotting bred horse, withsize, speed, courage, and the truetrotting gait, with plenty of knee andhock action. In addition he musthave a clean cut head and neck, styleand finish, plenty of substance without coarseness.Recognizing the demand for thisclass of horses, I selected Taylor Simmons 23189, a young horse which fillsall the requirements of the typicalcarriage horse. If the theory that"like begets like" be true, he willproduce horses of this type whenmabed with good mares. Through hisveins flow the biood of the greatesttrotting families. He traces- twice toGeorge Wilkes and five times to Mambrino Chief II. This is backed by thestout thoroughbred blood of Boston.A few of the fancy priced onessired by Taylor, Simmons: Thendara,winner in the walk-trot class at theBlue Grass Fair m 1907, LonisvilleHorse Show and in the East, sold byCol. C. L. Raileyfor 2,500; AlleenPowers, sold to Godfrey Priest, ofNew York, for $1,000; little Nath,sold for 500 to Eastern parties. Hisget ar$ always commanding the pricethat pay a man to raise good stock.Lien retained on colts until seasonmoney is paid.Imp. Joe IIPure Bred Shetland Stallion.Imp. Joe II, sorrel and white, reg-j istered at Port Huron,, August 28,1905, No. vol. 14, page 3. Sire Jim,No. 292; dam Banbsy, No. 1410. Asure foal getter.10 TO INSTJBE A LIVING COLTTonr, MackThe celebrated James E. Clay Jack,will make the 'season at Murphy'sYards. Tom Mack is the best breederof mules that ever stood in the county.$12 TO INSTJBE LIVING COLT$20 JENNETM.J.MURPHY,No..Age.Cure Eczemadisease germs and destroys" them', tHea'soothes and heals the skin as nothingelse has ever done. iA 50 cent bottle will start the curand give you instant relief. "r"We have made fast friends of moreH??n,v0ne familv by recommendatinsthis r.I.r. Prescription to a skin sufferer here and there, and we want you'to try it now on our positive pay guarantee. D.D.D. Soap keeps the'poraaclean; ask uss-- " "--'Chas. E. Butler & Son, Paris, Ky.MODELS!New Art Store!I have opened an ArtStore next to Mrs. M. Ar 'Paton. New and freshstock of all kinds of,fancy work VEmbroidery,Pillow Cases,Towels,Underwear,Waists, Etc.Novelties of all KindsStamping Done on ShortNotice Everythingguaranteed to be thebest.3 :::::::'mrs. 01. e. BeardW. N. Barkley Mrs. W. N. BarklsyWoman's Exchange & Cafe112 N. Upper Street,Lexington, KentuckyHome-made Cakes, Breads, Pies, Candies, Croquetts, Salads, Pickles, ChowChow, Ftc, received fresh daily."We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Supper; also lunches and short orders at aH.hours with, the best the market affords,(28mar6mo)THE LEXINGTON HOTEL,Opp. The LelandEUROPEAN PLAIN,Lexington, KyJReasonable Rates. )Everything New andUp-to-Date.Ifc-3J!stfv Paris, Ky.GohVeiiiStGarIlMelKMtff 1 1 tmujmm&immmmjmumffTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KY., APRIL 4Jl913Rii.11iuHi 'fIIum7? .uioes uiarto Sveru utveryNew models and exclusive patterns areshown at all times in our display of Women'sFootwear. Every pair of these Shoes alsoshow elegance of finish and grace in each particular linfe. We can give you fitting qualitiesin Shoes which cannot he excelfed, and as toservice, it need only be said that our Shoes aremade by the best Shoe makers in the world.We can give them to you in widths as narrow0as AA.We invite your inspection.Geo. McPhones 301MILLERSBURO ITEMS.Mesdames J. C. Leer and J. E. Caldwell were in Lexington Monday.The annual Junior reception of theM. M. I. will be held this evening;from eight to eleven. xThe Christian Endeavor of the Chris--tianchurch will hold a candy sale at:the jewelry store of Mr. Aaron McConnell, Saturday.SPRING OPENING-New IcebergRefrigerator.A. F. WHEELER & CO..if Opp. Court House, Paris.Amity Lodge No. 40 F. & A. M., inTegular meeting Tuesday night conferred the fellowcraft on Mr. J. W. Milder. At the close of the meeting thelodge members werejgiven a delightfulJJunch.The citv council met in regular session Wednesday night. All membersv?ere . present. A few small accountswere allowed. Building permits weregranted to the colored Methodist-church to build a church on Vimonstreet on the site known as the oldSaint James; Messrs. Ray Endicott, aTesidence on Eighth street; J. T. JudyoTremove a residence and rebuild another on North Main street; Jas. Madden, colored, a residence on Sixth.street near the raihoad. The motionto lay a crossing from the residence ofMr. C. P. Darnell to that of Mrs. FanvWI J40 WB OTHHI MBHi MHHi iHB 9BHSBHB 9 GUB3BB&fttMHHMflHHHHK$9HBf 1sippeaiomanIWilliams,The Shoe MamJI1nie Norton on Tenth and Main was defeated. The crussing on the east sideof Main over Eighth was ordered raised and repaired. The question of oiling the streets wrs then taken up andthe amounts of subscriptions read. Itwill be necessary to raise more moneyif the streets are oiled. Somethingmore than three hundred dollars hasalready been pledged. The council willask for bids.Mrs. Poe is improving nicely.Mrs. Hettie Brown is among thesick." Mr. Clifton Mann continues aboutthe same.Mrs. J. D. Booth will entertain WpH.nesday from 2 to 5.Mr. C. W. Howard, of Lexington,was here on business Wednesday.Mr. W. G. Leer was in Mason countyMonday and Tuesday purchasing cattle.Mr. Robert Hughes, of Huntington,W. Va., is the guest of Mr. S. M.Allen.The ladies' aid Bociety'ot the Baptits church will have a sale of ediblesSaturday.Mrs. AshbyLeer and aunt. Miss Jennie Evans, are visiting relatives atMayslick.Mr. S. H. Endicott has sold his gro-1eery to Mr. S. E. Bruce, formerly ofVanceburg. Mr. Endicott was the suecessor of Mr. C. W. Howard, purchasBetter Shoe ValuesAre Hard to Find.Of course it's easy enough to find Shoes at low prices, but notso easy to find the same kind and quality at such prices as we areoffering you now. For when you come here we'll give you better sleather, better workmanship, a little finer style, more comfort andmore value than you have beenNow Is the Time to Buy YourSpring FootwearWe have just received the -newest and largest assortment ofSpring Shoes and Oxfords ever offered to the people of BourbonCounty. This embraces all this season's newest designs in allleathers and fabrics, to be placed on sale this week.Buy Now While' the Lots Are Complete in Every Detail. -4'BAN COHMNxing his stand some four years ago andsince that time he has conducted a successful business. For a number, ofyears Mr. Bruce has been a prominentbusiness man of Vanceburg, and is familiar with mercantile business. Aboutfour years ago he.sold his store at thatplace and accepted a position as cashier o one of the banka of JJthe city,which position he held until last November. With his family he went toFlorida with a view of locating but return2d a few weeks ago to Kentucky,and has since been in Millersburg. Hiswife, who was a Miss Smith, having anumber of relatives here, is a graduate of the M. F. C.Mr. David Judy, of Middlesboro, isthe guest of his brother, Mr. W. S.Judy.Mr. L. 0. Lewis, of Sylvia,' Kansas,was the guest of Mr. E. C. HawkinsTuesday.! Mrs. G. L. Hill is convalescent afteran acute attack of intestinal octo-in-toxication.The Ladies' Aid Society of the Christian church met Wednesday afternoonwith Miss Sue Butler.Mr. W. S. Judy and family, who havebeen spending the winter in Lexington, returned Tuesday.Mrs. W. G. Dailey and daughter,Miss Lucille, were guests of Mrs.Marion Dailey at Paris Wednesday.Mr. J. F. McDaniel, who has beenconfined to his home since his accidentsome weeks ago, was able to be outTuesday tor the first time.Prof. Harry Best, who has been theguest of relatives herf since the deathof his mother, Mrs. Sallie Best, leftWednesday for 1h"b home in New York.Mr. G. S. Allen land sister, Mrs.Frankie Cook, have moved from theproperty of Dr. W. M. Miller to thatof Mr. G. S. ;AIlen. Mr. and Mrs. S.R. Allen will move to Winchester nextweek.See our line of farm implements.Break plows, harrows, cultivators andcorn planters. Every implement guaranteed. THE MILLRbBURG COAL & LUMBER CO.The large lemon tree of Judge T.P. Wadell, a notice of which waBmade last issue, has fifteen large lemons on it, the smallest of which weighs16 ounces. Two which have growntogether weigh 1 3-4 pounds. The product of the tree are.o'f remarkable sizeand perfect in every respect.Mrs. Pankhurst Guilty.Mrs. Emmeline Pankhurst, theleader of the militant suffragates, wasvesterday found guilty and sentencedto three years Denal servitude at theOld Bailey sessions on the charge of inciting persons to ccmrnit damage.In Lunnon.First Workman (disgusted) Theseblinkin' furriners comes a 'obnobbin'wiv us in the toobs and buses and,lumme, they gits to tork Henglishvery nigh as good as me and you, Bill,not 'arf, they don't! Punch.unsdtii.idci.ory.A. kiss through a veil is like sippinghoney through blotting paper, theyeay. Manchester Union.accustomed to.rTHEATRICAL.AMONG LYMAN HOWES' TRAVELSAmong the many .characteristics oflife in Holland to be presented byLyman fcl. Howe at the Paris Grandon Thursday, April 10, ,is that shos -ingwhat inveterate smokers;the Hollanders are. It is Jthe indulgence ginthis habit, combined with the peculiarclimate, that makes them the calmest,most deliberate and phlegmatic raceon earth.Tobacco amoke'is called their secondbreath and a cigar or pipe is in evidence with them so incessantly thatit is likeja sixth finger of their hand.So confirmed is this habit, that manyDutchmen go to Asleep at night Jwiththeir pipes between their lips so theycan find then; immediately on awakening in the morning, and light thembefore rising. The ;boatmen a typeof which, is presented in Mr. Howe'sseries measure distances not by thenumber of miles from place to placebut by so many pipes of tobaccosmoked enroute.For these reasons it is perhaps natural to expect that the world's champion smoker was a Hollander. Hisname was Meinheer Van Klaes. Hoconsumed on an average one hundredand fiftv grams of tobacco every day,yet he lived to the prime age o 98.His last will and testament wastraordinary. After bequeathingworldly goods to his relatives, herected how he should be buriedex-hisdi-asfollows: "1 wish that ail my friendswho are smokers shall be especially invited to my funeral. Each of themshall receive a package of tobacco andtwo pipes, and they are lequested tosmoke uninterruptedly during the funeral ceremonies. My body shall beenclosed in a coffin lined with thewood of my old cigar boxes. Besideme in my c&sket shall be laid my favorite meerschaum, a box or matchesand a Dackage dt '.tobacco. When mybody isjowered into the grave everyperson present is requested to pass byand cast upon it the ashes from hispipe." These touching requests werefaithfully complied with. His friendsattended in nrodicous numbers, and atJthe funeral the smoke was so densethat a horn had to be blown to enablethe mourners to find the door.His Unavailing Search."Well, James Henry Williams, didyou enjoy yourself at the seaside?""Yes, teacher, very much. I liked thesea, but I couldn't find the inthemis.""The what, James Henry William?""The inthemis, teacher; where it saysin the Bible, 'The sea and all that inthem is. "RELIGIOUS.If the workers'can he secured aBible school will.be organized at theStony Point school house next Sundayafternoon at three o'clock. If you aieinterested in doing any good along thisline of,work in this community youare requested to come.MATRIMONIAL.Mr. Luther Herrington and Mrs.Belle Mann were granted a marriagelicense Wednesday, by County ClerkPearce Paton.yA ' vtBf-IComnarative JDigestibilityof Food IMade with different Baking PowdersFrom a Series of Elaborate Chemical Tests:An equal quantity of bread (biscuit) was madewith each of three different kinds of baking powdercream of tartar, phosphate, and alum and submittedseparately to the action of the digestive fluid, eachfor the same length of time.The relative percentage of the food digested isshown as follows:Bread made withRoyal Cream of Tartar Powder:100 Per Cent.Bread made withphosphate powder:684 Per Cent.Bread made withalum powder:iimiiiiiMi.il ii i in hi in i i67sk Per Cenx.These tests, which are absolutely reliable andunprejudiced, make plain a fact of great importanceto everyone : Food raised with Royal, a cream oftartar Baking Powder, is shown to be entirely digestible, while the alum and phosphate powders are foundto largely retard the digestion of the food made fromthem.Undigested food is not only wasted food, but itis the source of very many bodily ailments.DEATHS.RUST.Mr. John Rust, 86 years old, diedSunday morning at the home or Mi9sLetitia Clay on the Winchester nike. jDeath was due to the infirmities ofage Mr. Rust had always made hishome at Miss Clav's and was a halfbrother of her mother. He was nevermarried. The funeral took place atthe Clay home Monday afternoon attwo o'clock.FOKSYTH.A message received in this cnyWednesday morning announced thedeath of Mrs. R. J. Forsvth which occurred Tuesday night at her home inMexico, Mo. Before marriage shewas Miss Anna Hortense Redmon, adaughter ot the late Washington Red-mon, of Bourbon county. She waqtwice married, her first husband beingMrJSamuel Hume, a brother of Mr.William Hume, of this city, and whodied several years ago. The funeralwas held yesterday in that city.FLANDERS.Mr. Taylor R. Flanders, a prominent farmer of Mt. Sterling, died Wednesday morning at his home in Montgomery county, five miles from Mt.The boy who builds a finehave a strong constitution to fallii inklixf tyifPil-mum f-4 A"' ' in- r hiV )IHe won't be so liable to contract disease; he will have theSTRENGTH to fight it off. The same with BANKINGYOUR MONEY. Build a FINANGIAL CONSTITUTIONfor the years to come.Make OUR bank YOUR bank.We pay 3 per cent, interest on SavingsDEPOSIT BANK OF PARISCapital, $100,000.00. Sarplvs, $40,0(0.00. ,DigestedDigestedhi ii ii ii iiiiii ilDigested jSterling, after an illness of about fourmonths of a complication of diseases.Mr. Flanders was aged 74 years, andis survived by his wife. He was anuncle of Mrs. Rose Flanders, of thiscity. Ihe funeral will be held atNorth Middletown, this county, thismorning at 11 o'clocK.Improving Coffee Flavor.Adding a pinch of salt and piece ofbutter, size of a bean, to coffee willmake the flavor much better and alsosettle the coffee.Pains in the Stomach.If you continually complain of painsin the stomach, your liver or yourkidneys aie out of order. Neglect; maylead to dropsy, kidney trouble, diabetes or Bright's disease. Thousandsrecommend Electric Bitters as thevery best stomach and kidnev medi( ine made. H. T. Alston, of Raleigh,IT. C, who suffered with pain in thestomach and back writes: "My kidneys were deranged and my liver didnot work right. I suffered much, butElectric Bitters were recommendedand I improved from the first dose.I now feel like a new man.'' It willimprove you too. Only 50c and $1.Recommended by Oberdorfer.CONSTANTEXERCISEWILL-MAKE Y&OSTRONGCONSTANTDEPOSITS IN ,our Bank!!will makeYOURICHoo you:WANT TOGROW OLDAND FEEBLIEAND BE WITHOUT ,MONEY !N THEBank ?--physique in his youth willback upon in his OLD AGE.?I05?J. M. HALL.. President.C. K. THOMAS.XASHKR.,'V