1 : V- ifX'lfWsd6THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR1X" ,i .j:'VOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, APRIL 25 1913.Odd Fellows to Hold Open Session. fBourbon Lodge No. 23, I. O. O. F.,which is now in ita sixty-eighth year,will commemorate the ninety-fourthanniversary of the founding of the order in Ameica with a Banquet and opensession. Every Odd Fellow and hiswife o some adult member of the family are invited to be present.Twenty-eight widows of deceasedmembers of Bourbon Lodge will bepresent on this occasion.The program of exercises, includingbrief addesses, will begin in thelodge room promptly at 7:30 o'clock,and at the conclusion the banquet willbe served in Crosdale's -Cafe, on thesecond floor of Bourbon Lodge building. xhe committee requests that allmembers who expect to be present toplease give notice in person or by telephone to Committeman E. B. January,so that proper preparation may bemade for their entertainment.lilUfrdSpring OpeningNew Icbeerg Kerfigerator.A F. W HEELER & CO..tf Opp. Court House, Paris.Indorse Tilton for Postoffice.Former Representative J. N. Kehoe,accompanied by Senator James and. A.B. Tilton, of Carlisle, Wednesday visitedthe Post-office Deparatment at Washington to present Tilton's claims for postmaster at Carlisle. It is expected theappointment will soon be made aspresent postmaster is charged with political activity.Oil Ordered JSor Paris Streets.Sixty thousand gallons of oil.will 'beused on the streets of Paris duiing theseason, or at least that is the amountthat has been ordered by the city forthat purpose. The oil should havebeen here some weeks ago, but thedelay was occasioned through the inability of either the Standard Oil Co.or the Indian Refining LCo. to supplythe order.It is said the above amount of oilwill be sufficient to lay the dust torthe entire summer, and will onlyJbereceived in installments necessary foruse. It is stated by Mayor Hintonthat the first installment of about 10,000 gallons will arrive in Paria nextThursday, when woikmen will beginspreading it upon the streets.There have been a 'large number ofcomplaints heard regarding the dutycondition ot the streets, but owing tothe existing conditions there was noremedy visible, until those w?th whomthe city contracted to furnish the oilcould make the first shipment. Atany rate it is possible we may nothave to endure the dust but- a fewdays longer.Spring OpeningNew Icebreg Refrigerator.A.F . WHEELER & CO ,tf Opp. Court House, Paris.Woodland Goodies.Try Miss Hullad3y's HomeWoodland Goodies.Local Commandery to Meet.Couer de Lion Commandery No. 26,the' Knights Templar, will meet this evening. The committee on arraiiBeuiei.ais ready to make its final report regarding the porposed trip to Owensboro toattend the annual conclave. It is necessary to have an expression from eachmember of the Commandery. A fullattendance is requested.MadetfmStS&Z, -;aymgSt4hS3y Pi2ourLcinof jCwtnerCashroceriesJor wSouhytueduce the Lost itOne UherdTIT1m4ft31 Sbs. the Best "! OOEastern Sugar -4 S tW fi(With a $3.t0 .Purchase) $fStandard Corn, per can . .-5cTomatoes, per can 10c mSweet Potatoes, per can 10cPie Peaches, per can 10c f?Three 10c size Macaroni or Spaghetti 25c Wv. in25c large package National Oats 25c KCoal Oil, per gallon 12c A-T. C. LENIHAN, 1Cash Grocery. $Both Phones 234 fVifl SpringPs Ira A1S thelsWkHatsLatest Stylesand ShapesillNew Line of ShirtsThe Celebrated Fountain Shirt,$1.O0The Price Shirt $1.50Men's Night Shirts 50c, 75c, $1Pajamas $1 and $1 .50City Coilty Council Fixes Licenses.Licenpes for the'ensuing year ior theconduct of business within the city ofParis were fixed at the regular meeting of the City Council laft night, and jwith the exception of a few rlightchanges they remain the same asthose of last year.A license of S1U0, tending to tliminate loan offices and Dawn shoos, wasfixed, and gthe license of $1,000 whichhas been in force for the past threeyears, was by a unanimous vote, placedupon seventeen saloons applying.A petition'from "the residentsof theEastern section of the city gwas presented to , the board asking that asewer be (constructed to drain thatneighborhood and the matter J"wasreferred to the Sanitary Committee toemploy, a competent engineer to goover the ground, make an estimate,and file a report with the Council atits next meeting.Building permits were granted asfollows: Dr. D. fcJS. Henry,; one storybiick garage, High street; BourbonTobacco Warehouse (Company, twoBtory brick building in Barns Addition, to cost $10,000; Woodford Spears,one story brick garage on Third street,$300 ; French Thompson, five one-storyframe dwellings on Thomas avenueto cost ?500 each.The question of the laws of the citycompiled was discussed by the councilresulting in the City Attorney beingordered to compile and present to thecouncil, the laws of the city now inforce.Before the conclusion of the meetingMr. Charles Barnett who has beentemporarily acting as chief of fire department, was elected as a member bythe unanimous vote of the board, andby the same vote was cnosen as chiefof the department and invested withthe power of hiVoffice. Thomas Bratton was Ipiaced in nomination for theplace but a second was lacking.riribViolinist at High School TonightRoy Young, the 'sensational American violinist, will give a recital at theHigh School auditorium tonight. Mr.Young comes to the city with thehighest recommendations as a violinist of unsurpassed talents. Of himthe Milwaukee Free fcPress says:"Mr. Young is dceidedly original. Hesurpasses in daring everything heretofore (attempted, and reaches fai beyond the feeble attempts of a Hydenin 'The Creation.'or Wagoner in 'Seigfried.' It is freely admitted that especially in his Morceau Characteristic,'The Old Pump, Mr. Young not onlyeclipses the two great masters mentioned, but ven steals a march on hisforerunnerj in musical realism, Mr.Seebocek whose 'Froc Pond' until nowenjoyed the distinction of the boldestattempt of a translation ot naturalphilosophy into music."W"WE KNOW HOW"Even WE Admitthat there are more importantthings in the world than havingthe right clothes. We realize that,as thefor a' that."poet says, A man s a manW4itPSrc, wind and lightning snsur-Thomas & Woodford.ancc.f?But, unfortunately, people WILL judge afellow by the way he looks, and even moreunfortunately, lots of fellows don't look aswell-dressed as they might. It isn't becausethey don't want to, or because they don'ttry, it's because they don't know how orwhere to get garments that will bring- outthe best of them and hide the worst ofthem. nWe don't say that we CAN, because itwouldn't be modest, but we're morally surethat we MIGHT show you a suit that wouldcause the first friend you met to congratulate you on your improvedCOME and SEE..appearance.Mitchell & Blakemore,IOutfitters to Men'xv'Paris, KentuckyHinton IssuesAnnouncement.Formal$!IPPR16& & 60. Giotmersand FurnishersSwjiSjfMayorElsewhere in this issue will be foundthe formal announcement of Mayor J.T.Hinton as a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Mayor of thecity of Paris, subject to the action ofthe Democratic primary August 2.The announcement which was madesevrea days ago, came as no surprise,as it was generally known by thoseconversant with the situation that theannouncement would ba be forthcoming at the first sigr of opposition, andit was felt that an endorsement couldbe asked by the present incumbent,who for the past thiee years has beenat thelhead of the city's affairs.During his present term of office theaffairs of the city have been conducted on a business basis, and a consistentdevotion of time to the duties of hisoffice has been rewarded with perhapsthe most successful term of office everheld by a local official.During the past three years therehas been a steady decrease in the taxrate of the city until at the presenttime it is lower than at any time in adecade. There has been a steady improvement in the streets and thoroughfares of the city, and one of the mostnotable improvements is the miles ofexcellent sidewalks throughout thecity, a result of the labors of the present admmistraion.2 During Mayor Hinton's term ofoffice and in the face' of a decrease inthe tax rate.there has been accumulated in the city treasury a neat sum aftercanceling bonds, 'caving interest andmeeting the general expenses of thecity.Due to Mayor Hinton's efforts Eastern capitalists were interested in aproposition to extend natural gas tothis ctiy, and it is probable beforenext "fall citizens of Paris will be provided with this convenience, which willresult in great saving.The assurance of a hearty supportfrom those who opposed him in" hisformer race is highly enncouraging toMayor Hinton, who enters the contestwith bright prospects for one of thelargest majorities ever accorded a cityofficial in a Democratic primary.Paris, Ky., April 22, 1&3.TO THE DEMOCRATIC VOTERS OFTHE CITY OF PARIS:Believing that the present administration of the affairs of the city hasbeen such as to merit the approval ofevery citizen, I announce myself as acandidate for the nomination for theoffice of Mayor of the city of Paris, subject to the action of the Democraticprimary of Aug. 2, 1913.I pledge myself, if elected, to usethe same conscientious care and personal oversight that I have endeavoredto use during this term of office to obtain the best results possible in everydepartment.Aa an endorsement the support andvote of every Democrat is respect, fully solicited.- Yours,j: T. HINTON.HmilI!Ill!IIII!llJ"3nilTliniIl!llll!!IIIII!IIin!!!!!!Il!ll!!IIIIIIinillIIliril!l!inilIII!!lIinniliniJMII!lllllll!!llllIlllllinnNIf);v rBFRANK & COThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.SUIT SAfeE53The backward season and late deliveriesturers finds us with too many suits on hand,liberal reduction now, when you most desire aSuits are this Spring models.$40353025201500 Suits now.00 Suits now.00 Suits now.uu ouits now.00 Suits now.00 Suits nowfrom the manufacConsequently theSpring Suit. All$32.7524.752I.75T. 19.75. 14.75. 11.753m i,- Odd Sizes and White Suits not included in this sale.Alterations will be made without extra cost to the purchaser.Bring this list and make your selection. The original' pricetickets will be left on all garments will be left on all garments andreductions will be made as above.1 1 FRANK & Cv.Sm irHMfcfewiikrtTHirHfflwiiiXJiuiiiiuH uHiwfwiiiiiiHimiiu miui iftuwt!milllHHHHHttiiliftf!!n$iIii'wii&mmmnnmmmmwwmMamwMirT VTHE BOURBON NEWS,, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 25 1913!:-JiIV .. -J4tl(MHiitll1 o, ,-,.,..onoes vnatto Sveru uiveryNew models and exclusive patterns areshown at all times in our display of Women'sFootwear. Every pair of these Shoes alsoshow elegance of finish and grace in each particular line. We can give you fitting qualitiesin Shoes which cannot be excelled, and as toservice, it need only be said that our Shoes aremade by the best Shoe makers in the world.We can give them to you in widths as narrowas AA.We invite your inspection. -Geo. "Mc WilliamsPhones 301Bourbon LaundryD4Vl & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetI Bourbon4git Paris Kentucky-'-.sw ., ..Jir. JW. ,. J. .&. T- . . -- . - .GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 399.Jiiilil win Bros !Try Ourj-H'Country ClubLayer CakesChocolate Caramel,White andRibboni;5c, Two For 25cJ Also Hubig's7nif;amous Pies, w1 5c.Baldwin Bros.uippeaeomanIThe Shoe !V1anJIiffhifOffifififfitsfits(VsWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo' fine work and itdever goes beck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatee-Laundry,nM. A. CAHAL.Barber Shop.First-Class Workmen.Polite and Prompt Attentionto AILHot and Cold BathsWe Thank You For a Share ofYour Patronage.Trees Trees TreesFruit and Ornamentals, Strawberries, Shrubs, Hedging, Grapes, Asparagus, Rheubarb, Roses, Peonies,Phiox, etc.Everything for Orchard, Lawn andGarden. No" Agents.eH. F. HILLENMEYER & SONS,Lexington, Ky.I A WIRED HOUSEItssmcmura-DmPOULTRYI f & iftCURE FOR BROODINESSTwo Methods Given for BreakingUp Setting Hens.Strenuous Measures Must Be Adoptedto Dissuade Fowl From Her Purpose Leghorns Are MostPopular for Eggs.(By PROF. JOHN WILLARD BOLTB.)Contrary to general impression,broodiness in hens is not a fever andwe have no evidence to show that itis contagious. The ailment, if we mayterm it thus, appears without warning. The fowl may have been layingsteadily and acting in a perfectly normal fashion, when suddenly she becomes imbued with a great distastefor active pursuits. She betrays avery crabbed disposition, rushing ather erstwhile friends and peckingthem viciously whenever they approach her. Her plumage sticks outat right angles, making her appearabout twice as large as usual. Withhead drawn deep into her hacklefeathers ,and wings and body takingup as much space as possible. shemounts guard over her chosen nestand defies all comers.The hen becomes broody becausenature prompts her with a sudden desire fpr a brood of chicks. She probably does not know why she does it,as she will take to potatoes or doorknobs as kindly as to eggs, but sheExcellent Egg Type.sets "when the time comes just thesame, and she will keep on settinguntil you break her up or let herhatch out a brood of chicks.This pertinacity would not be soimportant if it were not for the factthat she quits laying and stays quit.She has decided upon a vacation andshe refuses to work during this period.The loss of a couple of months of aben's time is not to be thought ofat any period, and especially duringthe spring, which is the natural timefor setting and heaviest egg production as well.If we do not wish to set the hen oneggs we will have to adopt strenuousmeans to dissuade her from her purpose and start her to laying again.There are a number of successfulways of doing this, and conditions willindicate the most favorable. The mainthing is to act promptly and be thorough. Remove the broody hens from thenests each night, as they are mosteasily detected then. They stick tothe nest instead of going to roost.Dust them thoroughly with insect powder and confine them in an open slatcrate or cage in a cool, light location.Keep water before them' and givenothing to eat except a little wholewheat and green stuff once a day. Thiswill not hurt the hen and about threedays of this "water cure" will convince her of the error of her ways.Another good way is to have a seprate pen with absolutely bare floorand walls, and no possible place tonest, and place all of the broody hensin it, in the company of two or threevigorous male birds. This scheme isfrequently used on large poultryfarms.The heavier breeds are especiallyaddicted to broodiness, the Asiaticsbeing the worst offenders and thePlymouth Rocks and R. I. Reds leading in the American class. Leghornsand Minorcas and Hainburgs set sorarely that they cannot be dependedon to raise their young. For this reason the Leghorns are the most popular breed for large egg farmsas theywaste no time setting and the youngare easily raised artificially.Most Fertile Eggs.The eggs from mature hens willhatch better and produce strongerchicks than the eggs of pullets. Theyare usually larger, too.Discarding Setting Hen.The old setting hen is gradually going out of business, with several hundred manufacturers of incubators andbrooders as competitors.Don't Changs Its Mind.When once set, the incubator doesnot have the privilege of changing its.First "American ,FIag.The first American flag of the present stars and stripes pattern washoisted over Ft. Schuyler, then a military post on the site of the presentvillage of Rome, Oneida county, NewYork. At that time the flag had onlythirteen stars, hut the stripes werethe same in number as now, thirteen.Pains in the Stomach.If you continually complain of painsin the stomach, your liver or yourkidneys aie out ot order. Neglect maylead to dropsy, kidney trouble, diabetes or Bright's disease. Thousandsrecommend Electric Bitters as thevery best stomach and kidney medicine made. H. T. Alston, of Raleigh,N. C, who suffered with pain in thestomach and back writes: "My kidneys were deranged and my liver didnot work right. I suffered much, butElectric Bitters were recommendedand I improved from the first dose.I now feel like a new man.'' It willimprove you too. Only 50c and $1.Recommended by Oberdorfer.Decoy Duck.After a girl has tried every otherway to get a proposal and failed shetakes to, standing at the side doorwith her sleeves rolled up and anapron on. Exchange.Main Idea."I suppose there are many problems which the poor explorers seek tosolve?" said the unscientific man."Yes," replied the intrepid traveler;"a great many." "What is the mostimportant one." "Getting back."Coughs and Consumption.Coughs and colds, when neglected,always lead to serious trouble of thelungs. The wisest thinp; to do when jyou nave a cold that troubles you isto get a bottle of Dr. King's New Discovery. You will get relief from thefirst dose, and finally the cough willdisappear. O. H. Brown, of Muscadine, Ala., writes: "My wife wasdown in bed with an obstinate cough,and I honestly believe had it not beenior Dr. King's New Discovery shewould not be living today." Knownfor forty-three years as the best remedy for coughs and colds. Price 50c Jand SI. Recommended by Oberdorfer's.Christianity in India.In South India alone there are today fully 1,000 Christian college graduates, leaders in the life of Christiancommunities. Of the 25,000 studentsin higher educational institutions5,493 are in Christian colleges.Why He Quit Working.Woman (lecturing tramp) "Youshould work, if only to set a goodexample to others." Tramp "I didthat once, mum, an' the poor fellerwot took the example worked so hardhe died er nervous prostration.""My little son had a very severe coldI was recommended to try Chamberlain's Cough Kennedy, and before asmall bottle was finished he was aswell as ever," writes Mrs. H. Silks,29 Dowling street, Sidney, Australia.This remedy is for sale D3' all dealers.Natural Selection.Madge "I will leave you to namemy proper sacrifice. I'll give up whatever you ask me to, my dear." Merritt "Then give up all those otherfellows who come around here to seeyou." Judge.Fatal Inactivity."There goes a business man whowas ruined by advertising." "Impossible! How could that happen?" "Helet his competitors do it all."Don't be surpaised if you have anan attack of rheumatism this spring.Just rub the affected parts freely withChamberlain's Liniment and it willsoon disappear. For sale by all dealers. Price of Good Water.The private well gives place to thepublic reservoir, but eternal vigilanceis still the price of good water. AnnaGarlin Spencer.Advice."My cup of joy is very full" sings apoet. Well, let it be, gentle one. Don'ttry to change places with the cup.New Orleans Picayune.You will look a good while beforeyou find a better medicine for coughsand colds than Chamberlain's CoughRemedy. It not only gives relief itcures. Try it when you have a coughor cold and you are certain to bepleased with the prompt cure whichit will effect. For sale by alldealers.Must Have Wealth."Is he rich?" "I didn't think so, buthe must be." "Why?" "I heard himsay the other night that he lees hiswife have all the money she wants."Beware 0! Ointments for CatarrhThat Contain Mercuryas mercury will surely destroy tbesense of.'smell andjcompletely derangethe whole system on entering itthrough the mucous surfaces. Sucharticles should never be used excepton prescriptions from reputable physicians as the damage they will do istenfold to the good you can possiblyderive from them. Hall's CatarrhCure, manufactured by F. J. Cheney& Co., TJoledo, 0., contains no mercury, and is taken internally, actingdirectly upon the blood and mucoussurfaces of the system. In buyingHall's Catarrh Cure be sure and getthe genuine. It is taken internallyand made in Toledo, Ohio, by F J ,Cheney & Co Testimonials freevSold by druggists.. Price 75 centsper bottle.Take Hall's Family Pills' for constiX nut irriTWand beauty to prevent wrinkles and "crow'sfeet" and deep black circles under the eyesnothing is as good as.Pfe3 J7ATOMTSGiveit a fair trial for banishing, those distressing pains ordrains on one's vitality. This prescription or jjr. rieree s B" "3womanly functions. It eradicates and destroys "Female Complaints i andweaknesses that make women miserable and old betore their time. Jwery girineeds it before womanhood. Every mother needs it It is an invigorating tonicfor the female system. All medicine dealers have sold it with satisfaction, vcustomers for the past 40 years. It is now obtainable in liqnidor tablet tortnat drag stores or send 50 one-cent stamps for trial box, toE. V. Fierce, tfanaia,DR. PIERCE'S P2JEASAMT PEIXETSregulate and invigorate stomach, 3iver and bowels,ffa Sugar coated, tiny granules, easy to take as candy.,,- vi!yTra'MU NeedBusinessFOR SALE BYDodson & DentonCfeSSQfcsSSiXfesitfCTIsASK THEwho has one, what wonders thehim. He will reply:I.12,3.Sells My ProductsGets Best PricesBnngsvSupphes7. Pays For Itself Over and Over JSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and send,to-day for booklet.For information, call manager.Cumberland.Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated.Twin Bios. Depanmern sioieCorner Seventh and Main Sts.Make Yourself Look Pretty inOur StylishLADIES', MISSES'S AND CHILDREN'SSPRING MILLINERYLadies' and Misses' Suits, Dresses,Skirts, Waists, Oxfords.See Our Great Display of Novelties in Silks, Dress Goods,Drygoods, Laces, Etc.Pictoral Patterns Buster Brown Hosiery W. B. CorsetsTWIN BROS,' DEPARTMENT STORE.1i'mRoofs put on twenty-sK years ago"ttYC ucvcl neeaea repairs. What is the result? Why practicallyevery other shingle manufacturer is trying to imitate it, so be not deceiyed-look for the words 'Cortright Reg. U. S. Pat. Off." eboed on thecorrugation. It 1$ put there for your protection. Accept 10 suUkme.- -- For Sale byBest & Hawkins, Millersbur, Ky.YOUTHPRESCRIPTIONit in Your5FARMERCumberland Telephone works for4. Protects the Home5. Helps the Housewife- 6. Increases Profits&ss&memm&&Designed and Patentedin 1867The StandardEver Sincem.T' n WTAM hM Siare as good as new to-day, and.1i'&0-mind as does, old Biddy,pation. s -A.'.jii-.i. p"iZ "Wiif-'.-. vVAu 26ty5 ' Mv, ' YV." j-j w -j.S I 2kA, 'a- ,f l -$cv,--,??-,rA ,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 25, iB13.i VIt' f&iC.'PNtEVERY INCH A CARWhat Are the Factors of Car Satisfaction?-Comfort, Readability, Stand-Up Quality, Ease of Control9Silence, and the Service behind the Car these are theBig Factors of Satisfaction.In all these the KisselKar is nnsurpassed in most of them unequalled.Your motoring pleasure is strictlybounded by the comfort of the carand no matter how pleased youmay be in other respects, yon willseriously miss in full satisfaction ifthe car lacks in comfort.On the KisselKar's claim as theeasiest riding car ever built, if fornothing else, you should ride1, in aKisselKar before you make a choice.The'sense of light, silent motion youexperience in the KisselKar belongstothe KisselKar exclusively it is dueto the extra liberal wheel base bigwheels big tires springs especiallyconstructed according to the weightof each body unusually commodioustonneaus extra deep, low seats,eleven inches ot seat upholstery alsoto the "balance" of the car whichmodifies side-sway, and to the lackof engine vibration.Wide range or throttle control practically eliminates gear-changing. Allordinary driving is by throttle oraccelerator control. You can driveon "high" (fourth geared up speed)as fast or as slow as you want to goO.Phone 21 05.Fv MKXV mt. PjV W W-war MHMWREMEMBER THE NAMEIT'S K. F. WHEELER'S NEW, ICEBERG REFRIGERATOR.It means everything to you when you decide to choose your Refrigerator ECONOMY,CONVENIENCE, DURABILITY, and of beautiful exterior construction It's the name thatmeans most to you. And remember it and this store when you decide to choose yourrefrigerator.PRICES, ST.OO UP TO S48.00.IIPORCH CHAIRSSETTEES, SWINGSA complete line to make the hot days comfortable after working hours are over.ti-Carts, $3.75 up to $30.00,Totfave Time,Steps and Work, See Our Kitchen Cabinets. S9.T5 UP TO 30.00.' THE HAPPY HOME MAKERS,A. Ft MAW STREET.V.climb any hill on "high" that anycar built will climb.Electric self-starter. Puts no strainon the engine a touch of the footlever is a start every time, in allweathers. Electric lights give twicethe light of ordinary lamps. - -KISSELKARThirty" $1700 "Forty" $2,000'Fifty" $2500 60 H. P. "Six" $3150FULLY EQUIPPED.KisselKar Service takes the mechanical side of motoring 'off your hands.A specially equipped building andseryice organization is maintained inLexington to supply KisselKar ownerswith a service that minimizes upkeep, retards depreciation and insuresconstant maximum motoring pleasureCall at our service building and let usshow you point by point the superiorfeatures of the KisselKar. Our 1913catalog illustrates and describes,Jallmodels. Ask for it.For economical delivery, investigateKisselKar commercial trucks 1,500pounds 1, 2, 3, 3, 4, 5 tons.R, HUKLE51 3 West Main Street,BABY'S COMFORNow is the time to takethe baby out for an airingwith one of our Go-Carts,as that will mean everything to the baby.WHEELER FURNITURE GO.CH flS.IGREEN,!Manager. 19Lexington, Ky.IISettees $3,50 up to $16.00.Others, 85c and up.OPP. COURT HOUSEUSE.BAD U. S. NAVAL MENMen of, War Who -Violate LawsDivided Into Two Classes.Offenders Promising Reform Are Sentas "Detentioners" to DisciplinaryBarracks, Others RecelvaHard Work.Washington. Naval prisoners aredivided into two broad classes; first,those convicted of offenses involvingmoral turpitude or violation of general laws of the country, and, second,those convicted of purely military offenses. In order that young navalprisoners who have been guilty onlyof military offenses may not be compelled to associate with criminals, offenders of the first class are sent tostate prisons. There they are subjected to the rules and discipline ofthe institution in which they are confined in the same manner as personsconvicted by civil courts, except thatas to reduction of sentence for goodconduct they receive the same benefitas men confined in naval prisons. Thestate prisons in which such naval prisoners u re confined are the Connecticutstate prison, Wettfersfield, Conn.; theNew Hampshire state prison, Concord,N. H.f and the California state prison.San Quentin, Cal.Certain offenders of the secondclass, whose previous records haveb6en bad or afford little foundation onwhich to base hopes of reform, orwhose retention in the service is forother reasons regarded not desirable,are sent to naval prisons or prisonships, where they perform hard labor,but are saved from association withcriminals. These naval, prisons andprison ships are in a satisfactoryshape as to discipline and sanitaryconditions. All prisoners are required to do outdoor work, thus removingthe depressing effect of constant indoor confinement. They are generallyin better physical condition when discharged from prison than when theyare received. The food is ample inquantity, of good quality and is wellcooked.Offenders of the second class, whoseprevious records give hope of reform,are sent to what are known as "navaldisciplinary barracks." These offenders are called "detentioners" insteadof "prisoners;" they continue to weartheir naval uniform instead of theprison garb, and instead of performing "hard labor" they are put througha carefully selected course in servicedrills and instructions, with a view toincreased efficiency when restored toduty. These detentioners, althoughdeprived of liberty and pay during detention, escaped the ignominy whichattaches to persons who have serveda term in prison. After a detentionerhas satisfactorily served two-thirds ofthe period to which he is sentenced,he is placed on probation at the disciplinary barracks, and, as far as possible, with duties similar to those performed by other enlisted men in thenavy. During the probationary periodthe detentioner is carefully observedby the officers in charge, and if hisconduct warrants such action he is unconditionally returned to general duty.This last provision makes it possiblefor any detentioner at the disciplinarybarracks whose sentence includes dishonorable discharge to save himselffrom such a discharge.By the establishment of the detention system and the consequent ability to segregate offenders of the different classes the whole subject of prisoners in the navy has, in general,been developed along modern ideas ofprison reform.The disciplinary barracks now inuse by the government are at PortRoyal, S. C., and Puget sound, Bremerton, Wash.PUT BAN ON "HOW DO YOU DO"French Society Regards the Salutationas Meaningless and Lame NewOne to Be Used.Paris. A movement is on in society to banish from conversation andban the generally meaningless phrase,"EFow do you do?" and put in its placesome less insipid formula.People are pointing out that of onehundred persons inquiring thus afterone's health no three are 'really interested in the subject, and no answer iseither given or expected on eitherside. 9If one be well the inquiry is an idleone, while if one be, ill it leads toan interminable discussion of symptoms, remedies, doctors, etc., whichshould find no place in ordinary smalltalk.The general opinion is that the offending phrase must be relegated tothose who have not enough intelligence to begin talk in any other way,and a search is being made for someother set of words with which to opena dialogue. It is probable that thelaconic Roman "Salve" will be adopted in the French form, Je vou (te)salue. .Drop Ancient Berlin Custom.Berlin. No more will the lord mayor of Berlin stand at the great Branden gate on TJnter den Linden forweary hours awaiting the coming ofroyal and other prominent personagesto welcome them to the capital city.The custom, which had prevailed fora century or more, was departed fromfor the first time upon the recent visitof the King and Queen of Denmark.Lord Mayor Adolf Wermuh went tothe railroad station, met the royalguests as they left their train and delivered his address of welcome there.NEW - BARBER - SHOP !Windsor Hotel.Modern Equipment,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDSeason 1913Caylor Simmons234S9Dark, bay horse, 16 hands high, weighs1,200 lbs.By Simmons Boy 17517, sire of Silver Simmons 2:.6, Simmonette 2:19,etc.1st dam Brilliante, by Wilkes Boy2:24, sire of Courier-Journal 2:06,Judge Swing 2:08X, York Boy 2:08and nearly 100 others in 2:30 list.2nd dam Grace Ashland by AshlandChief 751, son of Mambrino Chief II.3rd dam Pong by Old Pilot.4th dam Meg by Boston, (thoroughbred.) RTAYLOR SIMMONS will make theseason of 1913 at my stables in Paris,oh High street, near 2nd street, at$15 to InsureThe ideal carriage horse is theAmerican trotting bred horse, withsize, speed, courage, and the truetrotting gait, with plenty of knee andhock action. In addition he musthave a clean cut head and neck, styleand finish, plenty of substance without coarseness.Recognizing the demand for thisclass of horses, I selected Taylor Simmons 23489, a young horse which fillsall the requirements of the typicalcarriage horse. If the theory that"like begets like'' be true, he willproduce horses of this type wlrenmated with good mares. Through hisveins flow the blood of the greatesttrotting families. He traces twice toGeorge Wilkes and hve times to Mambrino Chief II. This is backed by thestout thoroughbred blood of Boston.A few of the fancy priced onessired by Taylor Simmons: Thendara,winner in the walk-trot class at theBlue Grass Fair m 1907, LouisvilleHorse Show and in the East, sold byCol. C. L. Railey for 2,500; AlleenPowers, sold to Godfrey Priest, ofNew York, for $1,000; Little Nath,sold for 500 to Eastern parties. Hisget are always commanding the pricethat pay a man to raise good stock.Lien retained on colts until seasonmoney is paid.Imp. Joe IIPure Bred Shetland Stallion.Imp. Joe II, sorrel and white, registered -at Port Huron, August 28,1905. No. vol. 14, page 3. Sire Jim,No. 292 ; dam Banbsy, No. 1410. Asure foal getter.10 TO INSURE A LIVING COLTTom MackThe celebrated James E. Clay Jack,will make the' season at Murphy'sYards. Tom Mack is the best breederof mules that ever stood in the county.$12 TO INSURE LIVING COLT$20 JENNETM. J. MURPHY,Paris, Ky.OxyThe Great Blood PurifierDon't wait, for Spring has come, so begin to buildup your system now by cleansing your blood withOXY-TONIC, the Great Germ Destroyer and BloodPurifier. For all diseases of the blood, and as aiTONIC there is but one OXY-TONIC.I Germs cause disease, OXY-TONIC destroysI the germs.(Call and get a free booklet atW, T. Brooks' Drug Store.1 .FilmsDevelopedAny Size6 or 12ExposuresThe only reduction is in price. Thequality of the work and our service remain as high and unapproachable aseverF. E.222W, Main St.,Phone 61 r Y. '.-Special Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther NoticeWe payl21-2c for greenbeefhides. Call us upor bring it to our fplace.MAX MUNICK,8th Street, PARIS, KT -VCall East Tenn. Phone 374 ?' "Professional CardsJ J. WLLIilAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.itoom 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones f1Residence j fomVlkDR.A.H' KELIiEB,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - - KentuckyCurtis&Overby vBusiness Men's Barber Shop(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and CoSd Baths at AllHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Pat-vronage Solicited.Kentucky Traction andTerminal Co.INTERURBAN SCHEDULELve. Lexingtonfor ParisxG.OU a m7.20 a mx8.00 a m8.50 a m10.20 a m11.50 a m1.20 p m2.50 p m3.30 p m4.20 p m5.00 p m8.00 p m7.20 p m9.10 p m11.00 pmx Daily ExceptLve. ParisFor Lexington6.45 a mx7.30 a m8.15 a mx9.00 a m9.45!a m11.15 a m12.45 p m2.15 p m3.45 p m ,4.30 p m5.15 p m6.00 p m6.45 p m8.15 p m, 10.05 p mSunday.I10t;iA ROLLJOHNS,Lexington, Ky.Toxiio. -s arsefMsr"ti ifA6-n -t-,-i&t,?'j." -tfhTiAS! t-, x 'rs - - igf: i- "vIT-, i tr4 n y11HL BOURBON; NEWS, PARIS,; KE1$TU191:-'.,rz.mt I'1.1Values are Offered atWolf, Wile & Co.'sINWomen's New Silk DressesAt $15Charmeuse Crepe MeteorSilk Poplin and EpongeDresses,A splendid selection of thenewest draped skirt modelsat popular prices. Colors,navy, black, Neil-Rose, tan,copen, mahogany, wisteria,King's blue and brown.These dresses are speciallypriced at 15.00, they havethe materials, style andgeneral appearnce of muchhigher priced garments.At, $30, $32.50 & .$35Exclusive models; only oneof a kind in silk crepes, crepede chenes, French charmeuse and finest silk poplins.Gowns suitable for afternoon and street wear; someare finished with the latestgypsy sash effects and Bulgarian trimmings. The materials used in these dressesare the most wanted of theseason and best adapted forclinging styles now in vogueWolfe Wile & Co.,Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.I CVI1VHTTVMVT TXCMVTTI TiXlViHIHHIIHii-IrmmaammmmmMmmm&MmmmmmmmmmammMMmaHnuRrWUHb1 AN ACCURATE DROP CORN PLANTERThat can be changed to two, three or four grains to a hill without stopping the team.IBLACKAccurate, sirn.t)le4aroffLkr7igUHf&I Call and see it demonstrated.Ycrkcs & Prichard,At $20Party Dresses of. Chiffon andCharmeuse.Three of the prettiest models we have ever shown atthis price. Dancing dressesof finest chiffon, cut mediumlow neck and short sleevesin pink, blue, yellow andwhite. Party dresses ofcharmeuse, low1 neck andshort sleeves, draped skirt,finished with large pearlmedallion, giving the garment a very rich effect.At $8.50Dresses of silk foulard aridmessaline in polka dot andneat figure effects. Colors,navy blue, brown, copen,tan and black: also included in this lot are somesolid white and black Japsilk dresses.JHAWKand will nut each hillFOR SALE BY-CertainFor NTona Vita Overcomes Trouble InFew Weeks' Time.There is a remedy that is absolutelycertain to, build up those sufferingf l'om a run' down condition.This remedy is considered the mostsuccessful medicine ever ; sold to thepublic in this country. It is calledTona Vita, and it is fcfast becoming anational tonic, endorsed by physicianseverywhere.If you are debilitated, tire easily,have little strength or .ambition andare nervous and depressed, get abottle of Tona Vita at once. You willbe delighted to feel your old healthand strength returning in a few days'time. If you have lost flesh, noteyour weight before taking it and thenget on thescales a week later. Youwill be astonished.Tona Vita is Bold by Chas. E. Butler&o.Pour Beer Into Sewer.Four hundred bottles of beer werebroken and the liquor poured into- asewer at Carlisle by Police JudgeJames E. Plummer, Tuesday. ErnestThompson, of Henryville, Nicholascou.ity, was arrested at midnightbringing the liquor from Paris in aspring wagon, and .the liquor wasseized by the officers. When he wastried Thompson agreed that theofficers might confiscate the liquor,which was done.Suits $15 and $18.See our Ulue Serge Norfolksuits at $15 and $18. before you buy.They are the latest thing. We willsave you money. ,HIGGINS feOTLANNAGAN.22-2tAll Guaranteed.All is not aluminum that shines.Neither is everything that is called arefrigerator a refrigerator. Some arejust boxes. Try the best made Bohn,Sinhnn Nnrth Star. Guemey. Allguaranteed. ABk your neighbor.Save you money.J. T. HINTON.BIRTHS.Born, at Ashland, Ky., on Tuesday night, to the wife of Mr. HarryHatcner, formerly Miss Fannie MillerPreston, a son Bruce Miller Hatcher.Fish Today.Fish received every da'.C. P. COOK & CO.Fresh(It)Get Your Money's Worth.Porch Shades, Hammocks, Swings,and Kaltex Furniture in great abundance atJ.T. HINTON'S.NO. ISin its -Drooer nLace.CureNervousDebilityJ. Will Clay Replies to Hidden.MtN. Sterling, Ky.Hon. Bufus Hadtien,- City.A.Aprils231913Dear Sir: Actuated only b.v a desireto promote party harmony, yet signifying my absolute willingness to submitmy claims to the Democracy of the entire Senatorial district, I addressed youa courteous letter suggesting that ourcandidacy be left to a fair primary inour home county, and where we areboth best known, and was somewhatsurprised to receive your declinationwherein you permit certain disappointed office seekers and enemies of mineto give vent, through you, to a persunalattack upon me, in the hope that byso dong my chances for election thisfall will be endangered.I opposed the gentlemen named byyou for nominations only and after theywere selected as the nominees of theparty they received my unqualifiedsupport. The fact that I am willing(to submit our claims to our home county Democrats, who know the personal,poiltical and public record of both ofus is sufficient denial of all yourcharges.- which are groundlessthroughout and so known to be bythose who are really making them,through you.1 stand on my own merits and refuseto engage in a controversy calculatedonly 10 injure the party and its nominees this fall.Respectfully,adv, J. WILL CLAY.HEggs Wanted.Will pay the highest market price fornice fresh eggs.22-2t "KID" STOUT.Fresh Strawberries.Alabama Strawberries 25 cents perquart at Fee's. Phone 64.MATRIMONIAL.FOSTER LINVILLEMr. William Linville, of this city,and Miss Nellie Foster,of Millersburg,were quietly united in marriage Wednesday afternoon at the home of Dr.B. AK Shive, on Duncan Avenue. Mr.Djrryille is in the employ of the L. &Nirailroad with headquarters in Paris.He is a promising young man, son ofMr. William Linville, who for manyyears resided near Millersburg. MissFoster is a charming young lady, a sister of Mrs. Margaret Mitchell, Mrs.William Parker and Mr. John Mahar,of this city, and Mr Philip Mahar, ufthis city. The young couple wentto housekeeping immediaely after theirmarriage. They were the recipientsof many nice and useful presents.Mr. Grover Butler and Miss AnnaBelle Clifford obtained a marriagelicense Wednesday from County ClerkPearce Paton. Both reside in thiscounty, Mr. Butler being a ron of Mr.W. O. Butler.CaCiWE KNOW YOU. ANNOUNf:EIViENTP:XTPAnPnTMAPV mtBIG PUBLIC DEMONSTRATIONS !Next Saturday, April 26tn, at all the leading grocery stores there will be a younlady showing the "Government Test" of all Baking Powders, and will show to thegood housewife of Paris why she should use "CALUMET." It costs less thanthe TRUST-MADE KIND, YET IT IS VERY MUCH BETTER, costs a little more thanthe big CHEAP CAN brands, but it is WELL WORTH the difference. Every spoonful does its work perfectly; NO WASTE, NO FAILURES. Buy a can from your gro-cer.1.F xuu .UUJLN j. JjiiiLfVB.DEATHS.LYTLE.Mr. John V. Lytle died Tuesdaynight a 8:45 o'clock at his home inMaysville after a long and painful' illness of over six months' duration.He was born in BrackeD county, October 21, 1846. and was consequentlyin his sixty-sixth year. In the CivilWar he served in the Fifty-fourthMounted Infantry of Company K. Hebelonged to Joseph Heiser Post, G. A.R., and was a member of DeKalbLodge No. 12, I. O. O. F. About tenyears ago he was superintendent ofthe Paris Gas Co., a position he hadheld for several years, and when heresignetf he moved to Maysville to reside. Besides his wife he is survied by onedaughter, Mrs. M. B. Dodson, ofMaysille, and two sons, Omar, ot thiscity, and Foster, of Maysville: Also !four sisters, Mrs. James Stairs andMrs. Wesley Fagin, of Sterling.Kans.,Mrs. Nannie Cline, of Bradford, Ky.,and Miss Lydia Lytle, of Johnsville,Bracken county ; three brothers. .Scottand Chris Lytle, of Johnsville, and L.F. Lytle, of Covington.The funeral was held from the residence, under the auspices of the OddFellows, Thursday morning, at 10 :30,services being conducted by Rev. W.W. Hall pastor of the M. E. church,South, lntermet in the Maysvillecemetery.RION.Mrs.C. L. Rion, wife of Dr. Crox-ton L. Rion, died Tuesday night attheir home in Seattle, Washington. IThe message containing the sad in-telligence was received Wednesday byMr. and Mrs. Joseph M. Rion, of thiscity. Mrs. Rion before her marriage;was Miss Elizabeth Langley, of Louis-)ville, and was-well known,nere, wnereshe had visited vWith her husband atthe home of his parents, on Secondstreet. Dr. and Mrs. Rion had beenmarried nine years Death was causedby a nervous hreak down.LAWTER.George Lawter, the fourteenmonths old son of Mr. and Mrs. Ronert Lawter, died? at the home ot hisparents. Mr. and Mrs. Robert Lawter.residing on the John Marston place,on the Redmon pike, a few miles fromthis city, yesterday morning.HANLY.-ivkrs. joe naniy, wiie or Joe h.Hanly formerly ot Pans, died in Kan"sas City, Mo., Sunday, April 13.Mrs. Hanly is well rememberedhere, where she has a host of friendswho will learn of her.death with genuine regret.""Before her marriage she was MissRena Piper, of this city. Mr. Hanlyis a brother of Mr. John A. Hanly, ofKansas City, formerly ot Paris.elgSs5t.i;i.Vj0r ' . "."; "."i?!53s5srCAN, if you will use CALUMET BAKINGPOWDER.ii ErjLiUjK, TiiAJN AJN 1 (JTHEK YOU HAVE EVERuu j-w vjjjl jlvuxv ivjlunhix i3Ais.. itememoer tnis.IF YOU DON'T GET "CALUMET" YOU WON'T HAVETHE best: .Received Highest Award, World's Pure Food Exposition, Chicago, 1907. Also at Paris, France, 1912. For saleat all the Leading Grocers.Call and See the CALUMET Demonstrater atYour Grocer's onNEXT SATURDAY, APRIL' 26th.Jury In Breit 6af Pfofctoi-The jury in the case of Gay, Ctarfc:county, Spears and Wilion, o Pari.versus Brent, of his city,, on trial at.Winchester,", reported to Circuit CtermtClay Aldridge, Judge Benton btrout of town on account of the HIimmvof his mother, shortly before noonMonday that they were unable toreach a verdict, and were excused until VVednesday mornine at 9 o'clock.The jury stood seven for the defendant and five for the plaintiff.The jury had deliberated on the cas&an hour Saturday and sinde 9 o'clockTuesday morning. The plaintiff a. ,claim that in July, 1906. they bougtcarload of grass seed from the defendant, Brnt, for 'future delivery, but.at that time the price" had advancedand Brent declined to deliver, justi.ving his actions on the grounds thatthe plaintiffs.compose a trust and thata contract with such is not enforcable.Judgw Benton's instructions statedthat if the jurv believed that Gay andhis associates had entered into a combination to control the price of theseed they should fnd for the defendant..Keep Out the Pest.Protect fyour home from the fly.Order your screenrfrom us. We haverall sizes of doors and windows at prices,that will surprise you. Screen wire,also sold by the yard. See us beforeplacing your order.18 4t FLAVIN &. CONNELL.FOR HOW LONG?, . , . ,. , , .ariS Kaises rertment yuestion.-When a neighbor tells us that heha rAI,nVprpli fnm a serinns illness.W AWW . - w- -w .- wtha firat auegtlon tthe first question that naturally arisesia, "How long will he keep well?"Temporary relief is one thing, but alasting cure is altogether different.There is nothing temporary about thework of Doan's Kidney Pills as thef olio wing Paris evidence proves beyond a doubt :Mrs. J. T. Martin, Pleasant and"Eleventh streets. Paris, Ky.. says: "I, suffered quite severely from painsacross the small of my back and in raykidneys. The trouble alarmed me andI tried many medicines. I did not gerelief, however.until I procured Doan'&Kidney Pills at Wilson's, now Chas. E.Butler & Co's, drug store. They improved my condition in every way. AltI have ever said praising Doan's Kidney Pills was entirely correct and Iconfirm my lormer public endorsement.They permanently cured me of kidneytrouble."For sale by all dealers. Price SOcents. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo.New York, sole agunts for the UnitedStates.Remember the name Dnan's andI take no other.Vpi5.-frra"MM-ii:a4?iiili- 1t 1Ii-A'isDEALERS IN FARM MACHINERY, WAGONS, BUGGIES, AUTOMOBILES,COAL PEED AND SALT.$, Vu... kilCt?L rtt oW! .aOyyiCWC2-Ji--.-&r;,!anItm BOURBON NEWS.,ALWAYS HAS THE BESTr FVERYT 'NT.SAVE YvOUR MONEY.For Health Ensuringand ice saving refrigerators see mystock. Save youmoney.J.T. HINTON.Tailored Suits.$25 and S30 tailored suits atat Harry Simon's.17.50The Very Smartest Norlolks.You see around town come from us.$15 to $25.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Buick Car Delivered.Mr s. Catesby Woodford, who recently purchased from the firm of YerkeR& Prichard a Buick roadster, had themachine delivered to her Wednesday.Be Comfortable.A change of underwear will makeycu comfortable.Come to us for your underwear.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Trimmed Hats.117.50 and S10 trimmed hats at 85, atliarry Simon's.Business Meeting.The Presbyterian church will have acongregational meeting on Sundaymorning after the regular services atthe church for the purpose of considering a matter of business. A full attendance is requested.Greatly Reduced.Lace curt?ms at greatly reducedprices atHARRY SIMON'S.Come and Look.At the big bargains Frank & Co.are offering in Ladies' Suits. Alterations free. Complete stock, to selectfrom.McGinley Gets Appointment.Mr. Jienry McGinley. who recentlyresigned his position as Chief of theParis fire department, has been appointed assistant road supervisor byJudge Denis Dundon.Lace CurtainSpecials.lace curtainsSpceial pricesHarry Simon's.onatAs Advertised.;fcJig reductions in price of Ladies'Suits. No charge for alterations. 200suits to select from atFRANK & GO'S.Sells Bourbon Farm.Mr. John C.sBsdford sold trtcentiy 'his farm onthe Cynthiana pike tvMessrs. JyM. Klump and J. A. Wauner. fBedford purchased Wednes-'day three choice lots at the asle inBethlehem place and arter Duilnirga home will move to thiscity to reside. -Suit Sale.S25 grade now $19.75.$20 grade now$14.75.$15 grade now $11.75.Alterations fiee. This is a, bonafide reduction, not merely an advertisement. . LFRANK &CO.We HaVe Plenty of Norfolks.Our stock is most complete and youcan find here just the suit you want.J. W. DAVIS & CU.Drew Revolver oh Farmer.Deputy Sheriff J.O. Marshall arrested Howard Coleman, colored, at MuirStation. Wednesday afternoon,- on awarrant issued by WinstonSpears, ofFayette county, charging him withpointing a deadly weapon. Colemanwas taken to Lexington Wednesdaynight and lodged in jail.For the Good Old Summer TimeiGet your money's worth. I showthe most up-to-date line of wall paperinthe city, at the most reasonableprices, ?nd furnish you the best c e:orrtors. Save you mones.J. T. HINTON.Drapery of all Kinds.Lace curtains, nets, Madras anddrapery of all kinds at Harry Simon's.Passover Commemorated.Tuesdav was. the Feast of the Passoverand mam of the Jews of this city com-,memorate the event. The eve of thePassov r 5 vas commemorated in theJewish homes Monday evening in eachliome there is a sen-ice preceeding theevening meal and is very impressive.'it is on this occasion that parents arecommanded, in the Old Testament totell the story of the Passover to the,sons. .Spring Coats.- $25 spring coats at S17.50 : $20 coatsat $12.50; and $15 coats at $9.75 at' HARRY SIMON'S.Announces for Reflection.Dr. William Kenm?yannounces inthis issue of the NwsJ his candidacyfor Councilman f6tn the Second Ward,fcubject to thcrDemocratic primary.Aug. 2. .Dr.Kennfry is one of the most prominent physicians in e county, beinga member of the well known firm ofKenney & Rankin. He is a progressivebusiness man and i a director in thePeolDes' Bank of Paris.At preent he represents the SecondWard in the Citv Council, being an-ac-tT member uf that bodr. Me will-jske an active fight for renominatirnand s friends are free to predict thatPERSONAL MENTION.Miss FJora Hill ia among the sick.Mre. Curtis Henry is visitinrelaltivea in Carlisle., ' .Mr. Geo. R. Davis ia imnrnuimrafter a week's iilness with erysioelas. !.Mre.Ed. Keller left Monday fo- avisit to her sister, Mrs. James Folev,in Loueville.Miss Sythie Kren, of this city, isthe guest of Mrs. William K. Bayles,m Lexington.,.-Dr. S. W. Longan has returned tohis home in Kansas City, Mo., after avisit to Paris friends.Mr. Edward SimmH. nf TTniiafrmTexas is visiting his mother, Mrs. W.?b. Simras, on Mr. Airy..Miss Marguerite Douglass and Mr.William Talbott will entertain with adance at the Moose Hall to-night.Mr. Harry Clay, of Bourhon, wasoperated on at the Good Samaritannoapiialjn Cincinnati, Tuesday.i 7"wrs L Sraitn and daughtereft Monday for Pensacola.Fla., to joinMr.Smith,who is located in that city.Mrs. Henry Craig, of Georgetown,has i.-biied invitations to a receptionon Wednesday, April 30, from four until six.Mr. Frank Daugherty, of Philadelphia, Pa., will arrive to-day to visithis mother, Mrs. C. A. Daugherty, in'his city.Mrs. Jennie Shaffer has returned toher home in Clifton, O., after a visitto her daughter. Mrs. J. W. Huffman,in this city.Mrs. C. B. Mitchell. Mrs. AmosTurney, Mrs. John C. Clay and MissLucy Colville have gone to Martinsville, Ind,. for a ten days' stay.Mr. J. E. Taylor, of East Paris,returned this week from a Cincinnatihospital, where he underwent an operation recently. Mr. Taylor is muchimproved in health.There is no improvement in theconditionof Mr. Harry Parker, who isqujterir at the home of his mother.Mifsr EmilV Parker, on South Mainstreet.Mrs. Walton Rounsavall. Mrs. W.R. Thomas and Mrs. Carrie H. Hansou, of Lexington, motored to ParisTuesday afternoon and were theguests of friends.Mr. S. N. Martir, of the StonyPoint neighborh-jod, is at the GoodSamaritan Hospital, in Cincinnati, under treatment. His daughters, Mrs.Frank Bedford and Miss Lillie Martin,visited him Wednesday.Mr. Edward Gray has returned toDetroit, Mich., to resume his duties astrimmer for the Hudson Motor CarCompany, in that city, after a coupleof weeks' visit with Mr. and Mrs. JoeHouston near Paris.James Turner, Albert H.. Jr.. andMiss Minnie Morehead, children ofPror. and Mrs. A. H. Morehead, arevisiting their grandmother, Mrs. Ismar Noa, in Chattanooga, Tenn. Mis.Morehead will join them about thefirst o'f June.. Misses Mary Ciav and Sallie Lockhart have returned from Eustis, Fla.,where they spent the winter monthswith their father and mother, Col.and Mrs. E F. Clay. They are withMr. and Mrs. E. F. Clay, Jr. Coloneland Mrs. Clay are expected h6me thelast of this month.Mrs. Jas. Lea, of Philadelphia,who was Miss Ida Redmon before hermarriage, has been a guest at thehome of her brother, Mr. Claude Redmon, on Cypress street. She has nowgone to Tennessee to attend the marriage of her brother, Mr. Emmett Red-j mon, which occurred yesterday. Mrs.L.ea will return here to prolong heivisit.Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraft andMr. Reuben Hutchcraft entertainedthe members of Mr. Charlton Clay'shouse party at dinner at their homeon Mt. Airy Avenue, Wednesday evening. The dinner was beautifullv served in several courses. The followingwere present: Misses uaroiyne Kose-1berry, Anne Clay McDowell, Mary Fithian Hutchcraft: Messrs. CharltonClav, Edward Stoll and Reuben Hutchcraft. Those from this city and countywho attended the race meet given byMr. and Mrs. Clarence Lebus, at the"Hinata" Farm in Fayette county,Thursday were: Mr. and Mrs. J. M.Hall, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Hancock,Mr. and Mrs J. H. Thompson, Mr,Woodford Clay, Miss Kate Alexander.Mr. and Mrs. George Alexander, Mr.and Mrs. Catesby Woodford, Mr.Charlton Clay, Mr. and Mrs. S. G. Clayand Mr. and Mrs. Miller Ward.-At the regular meeting of theWoman's Society of the Christianchurch, held Tuesday atternoon, thefollowing officers were elected for theensuing year: President, Mrs. CliftonArnsparger; first vice president, Mrs.J. W. Larkin ; second vice .'president,Mrs. Th( mas Helm Clay; third vicepresident, Mrs. W. R. Scotc, Secretary, Mrs. 1J. T. Hinton : treasurer,Mrs. J. J. McClintock. Mrs. Robt.Goggin. who had served as presidentof theS ociety for 'eleven years. Mrs.R. B. Hutchcraft. first vice president.and Mrs. J. W. Davis, secretary, decline'J renomination. The Society is apotent factor in the work of thechurch, a great deal of localis accomplished through itscharityefforts,strangers are sought out. and the Dastor is assisted in a rgeat degree by thisbody of influential women.Mrs. B.A. Frank entertained witha prettv bridge party at her eleganthome on Broadway, Wednesday atternoon for her sister, Mrs. William GulpBrowning, of Cleveland, Ohio and hercharming niece. Miss Julia I?raok, thepretty and attrcative daughter of Dr.and Mrs. Louis Frank, of Louisville.A number of the guests were membersof the HiKi Sorority, at Holhns, Va.,with Mrs. Browning. During the afternoon auction bridge was enjoyed bvthe guests, after which a delightfulmeat course was served. Ihe following were Mrs. Frank's guests: Mrs.Browning, Mrs. Henry Mav, MissFrank. Mrs. John Yerkes, Mrs. William K. Dudlpy, Mrs. Amos Turney.Jr. Mrs. Withers Davis, Mrs. .EdwardPrichard, Misses Lorint Butler, MaryWoodford. Elizabeth Embry, RachelWiggins. Elizabeth Steele and 'Mary,Fithian Hutchcraft." yBn OrdinanceCity Hall, Paris, Ky., April, 24, 1913.i Be it Ordained by the Mayor and Boardot Council of the City of Pans, Ky.:That Licenses be and are,, hereby imposed and required in the City of Paris,Kentucky, for the year beginning May1, 1913, as follows:.for tne sale ot any Kind oi vinous,spirituous or malt liquors, by retail formedical purposes, per year, $1,000,payable in equal installments of $500May 1, and $500 August 1 of each year.For the sale of any kind of vinous,spirituous or malt liquors, by retail inquantities of not less than one quart, peryear, $1,000 payable in equal installments of $500 May 1, and August 1 ofeach year.For the sale of any kind of vinous,spirituous or malt liquors, by retail andto be drunk on the premises, per year,$1,000, in equal payments of $500 May1 and August 1 of each year.And if any person shall sell withinthe limits of Paris any kind of vinous,spirituous or malt liquors without firstobtaining a license so to do, as providedin the foregoing section, such personshall be fiued not less than twenty($20.00) dollars nor more than one hundred (100.00) dollars for each sale somade without license.Licenses are further imposed and required in said City as follows :For operating a billiard table, Iper year $25 0UFor operating a pool table, peryear 25 00For operating a bowling alley orbox ball alley, per vear 25 00For operating a pawn shop orloan office, per year 100.00For operating a merry-go-roundor flying dutchman, per day.. . 1 00For operating a moving pictureshow, per month 5 00For operating a shooting galleryper day. ., ". 1 00Following the calling of anauctioneer, per year 10 00For conducting a hotel, per year 10 00For conducting a restaurant, peryear 10 00For holding a public dinner forpay, except licensed hotel keepers, per day 5 00For each lunch wagon or lunchstand, not on street, per year.. 25 00For conducting .the occupation ofreal estate agent, per year 25 00For conducting the business of'industrial insurance company,for each company represented,per year 25 00For conducting the business ofor soliciting old line life insurance, for each company represented per year 25 00For conducting the business of orsoliciting fire insurance fcr eachcompany represented, per year 15 00For conducting the business of orsoliciting accident or casuahtyinsurance, for each companyrepresented, per year ? 10 00For conducting the business ofbonding or fidelity company foreach company, represented, peryear . . . . 10 00For operating each opera house,per year 50 00For operating each public hall,per year 10 00For conducting the business offlorists agent, per year 10 00For conducting the business ofjunk dealer, per year 15 00For conducting each skating rink, .per year 25 00For exhibiting each circus or menagerie, per day 25 00For exhibiting each side show,per day 5 00For conducting the business ofwholesale coal oil and gasoline,per year, 100 00For conducting the business ofsteam laundry, or agent foreach com pan v represented, peryear ' 50 00For the business of selling cigarettes, per year 10 00For conducting the business of tobacco factor', per year 10 00For conducting the business ofbutcher or dealer in fresh meatsper year 10 00For conducting the business ofwholesale brewery's agent foreach brewery repaesented, pervear ". ! 100 OnFor conducting the business offish peddler, per year 25 00For conducting the business ofpeddling fruit, per day 5 00For conducting the usiness ofpeddling chickens, game, butter, eggs and country produce,per year 25 00For conducting the business ofmeat peddler, per year 50 00For peddling coal oil and gasolineper year 10 00For peddling or selling upon thestreets, articles not otherwiseprovided for and which are notsuch as are kept for sale byresident merchants, in the discretion of the Mayor, per day,from si 00 to 10 00! For peddling, not otherwiseprovided for, per clay 25 00For conducting- each auctionhouse, oef dav 2.S unI i?or each bill pos'ter, per year 10 00. Vor ooeratiiiir or runniiip- pnrhmilk -wagon, per year o 00For practicing or pretending topractice for compensation airy ofthe arts or sciences of hypnotism, magnetic or devine healing,SJfaith cure, Christian science nr" """clairvoyancy, per da- 50 00And if any person shall operate orcarry on any business, occupation orcalling, or do any act for vhich a license is required by the foregoing sections without first obtaining' a licenceas required, each person shall be finednot less than one dollar ($1.00) normore than fifty dollars ($50.00) for eachoffence.J. T. Hinton, Mayor.Attest:J. W. HAYDEN, City Clerk.Woodland Goodies.Try Miss Holladay'sWoodland Goodies.HomeMade.- tf ,Hamilton Guards to Meet.There will be a meeting of the Hamilton Guards in thejr room in fh courthouse Saturday "atternoon at 3:30o'clock. This is an important, meetineLand each member is requested to beDresent.Made with Eggs and Butter.Stone's wrapped cakes made witheggs and.butter at Fee's. Phone 64."Awnings, Tents androrch Curtains.J. J. ELLIS,at Baird & Tayor's.Some mien can figure that it would beeasy to remain faithful to some otherman's wife.A fashion bulletin says the waist lineis to be normal this season. But it willcontinue to be located anywhere betweenthe neck and the ankles.Fresh Caught.Fresh caught Salmon and SpanishMackerel at;Fee's. Phone 64.KODAK DAYSARE HEREPictures of the "kids" taken nowwill be priceless when they grow up.We have a full line ofKodaks From $5.00 Up.Brownie Cameras $1.00 Up.(Almost Kodaks.)DAUGHERTYBROS.rROOMIMPORTED RUGCLEANSER$1.00 per PackageThis isJthe time to Clean Your Old Rugs and Carpets. MakeThem Look Like INw. PackageJMakes Three Gallons!9..ecuumTry one. .Keep Dirt Out of Your Home. When 'you usebroom ycradon't Take the Dirt Out, You just stir it up.A Dust-VacTakes the Dirt Out The kind with a brush in it.Special Introductory Price $8.50REFRIGERATORSBuy a Good One We Sell Bohn-Siphon, NorthStar, Gurncy, INortnland, Star.J. T. MI NT ft,-"Wood MantegsISpring House CleaningTirne is Upon Us Now For YourLace Curtains and DraperiesCpme Let Us Show You an Enormous LineCluny, Irish Point, Nottingham, Reinasance, Louis14, Scrim, Muslin and Many Other Curtainsin White, Cream or Ecru.3of every description, double and single borders, white orecru in Scrim, Fillet, Lace Marquisette, &c. We buy direct from the manufacturer, thereby saving you the mid-dle-man'proflt.Come, look whether you want to buy ornot.5w. Ed.IrTTlie Place to PurchaseYcrur Jevelry isccTlie HouseUp-to-Date Goods In Steiv ' ling; Silver and Gold.SHIRE &Sast Uenn. 2S8,CEARTHQUAKEDUST-VACB HH BH im HSAVES YOU MONEYUndertaking:Tucker. II-of Quality,"FITHIAN.&ome130.J"wAmbulancesffyjft'v 'nAmIFw ft.rSt,. s't-JV ,-rc-- ,-:$&f.ft.AM-ysjk-fcTjt . 'A .:''tthe will Jome cut a, viccor.1fifWhy He Was Late.'What made you so late?""I met Smitiison.""Well, that is no reason why youshould be an hour late getting homeix supper.""I .know, but I asked him how heTu feeling, and he insisted on tellingj&e about his stomach trouble.""Did you tell him to take ChamberJain's Tablets.""Sure, that is what he needs." SoldIky all dealers."Roxie" Dai$!Cbc Insurance flgenlLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies.-GiveXMd "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137typewritersRebuilt ctke new!Remington 6, $23SmithPrcmicr 2,fs$23Remington 10, $40(Latest Model)Smith Premier 10, $40(Latest Model)Monarch, $40Underwood 4, $40Underwood 5, $45Oliver 3, $40Oliver 5, $50L C Smith & Bro., $35We Handle Carbon Paper Ribbons forall Makes.We Repair Typewriters.Wehave the Largest Stock in the U. S.Tbe Joseph Candioto Co.149-151 N. BroadwayLexington, KentuckyIf Yon Want to Put in WaterWorks in Your HouseOr Barn, or Bathroom Fixtures orPuruace, or Tin, Shingles or MetalHoofing, and all kinds of Tin Work,Guttering, Pipss, Filters, Water Tanks,Dipping Tanks, Sewerage Pipe andClay Flues. Concrete Work a Specialty. Give us a call.' fttT!We also handle the American FieldvWIte Fencing, and the best line ofCook Stoves, Oil Stoves and Heaterson the market, and all kinds of Hardware, Farming Tools, Grates andMantels, Screen Doors, Poultrj7- Supplies, Harness of all kinds, the W. J.Oliver Plow, the best Plow on themarket. Horse Clippers, Cement,Iiime, Paint and Oils.We buy the very best goods obtainable, and our prices are right.BEST & HAWKINS,4mar3mo Millersburg.'Ky.4 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDeposits4 Your DepositsJAre GuaranteedYOU TAKE NO RISKSIf You Are InterestedWrite UsUNION STATE BANKMuskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000Pully Paidk We're Now Showing Our Full Line ofSPRING MODELS!In the CelebratedSchloss Bros. & Go.High-Class Men's Suits.They Represent the New Norf olks,'the New English Cuti t and the Conservative Models, all BeautifullyTailored. Pricesjanging'from $1 5 to $35.V-JUST IW&.Oturomplete line of Emersona.Stetson Hats, Lion ShirtsTWIN BROS CLOTHING DEP'T.L. WoIIstein, Propri or.dive at Seventy!)xnany people at seventyattribute their goodhealth to SCOTT'S!EMULSION because itsconcentrated nourishment creates permanentbody-power, and becauseltis devoid of drugs or stimulants.Scott & Bowne, Bloomfield, N. J. 13-22Schange'sCandy Kitcken,119 S. Upper,LEXINGTON, KY.FOR SALEResidence Property on WalkerAvenue. Adjoining BourbonCollege. Splendid Neighborhood. gBeautifu two etory frame house ofeight rooms, four halls, bath, pantry,etc. Large corner lot, 60x212 feetGood stable and all necessary outbuildings. Some fruit.Will be sold worth the money. Possession at once. Look this over.S. E. BORLAND,11 tf Paris, Ky.NATIONAL5c and 10c StoreSPECIALFor Thirty DaysOn AllWall PaperAnd also Puttingsame on Walls.Must Have Roomfor New Stock.National 5c and 10c StoreWatch Our WindowsMALL-POXis prevalent. Vacination and the iuse of a reilaole disinfectant are recognized as the bestfpreventatives. ThelaBt thing at night pour into the trapsof the closets wash '.basins, sinks etc.,just a little Piatt's Chlorides. Placeswhere disease germs may develop,nooks behind plumbing, etc., should "befreely sprinkled withPiatt'sChloridesadiluted accordng to directions on thebottle.It is an odorless liquid disinfectantwhich promptly destroys foul odorsand disease germs. It is stronger,safer and cheaner than carbolic acidand does not cover one odor with another. Sold everywhere. 22-4tShoes, Hawes Van Gal Hats,. fMONEY IS DESPISED- TRASHLove, Kindness, Baseball ,and "Movies" Make Jsle of .Guam a Paradise, Says Captain Brackett.Chicago. There is a tiny speck onthe map of the South Seas. It isfound by drawing a line due east1,500 miles from Manila. At the endof the line is the world's only Utopia,320 square miles in extent, wheremoney iB not needed, used or desired.It is the island of Guam.Capt. W. Brackett, United Statesmarine corps, vice-governor and chiefjustice of the little island, visited themarine headquarters of Chicago andsmiled a bored smile at the mentionof money."Money is just so much metal orpaper," he said, and waved his handin repudiation of everything that canbe purchased. "Over in Guam everybody is happy and no one wishesfor money. Guam is the one spot ofcomplete content in all the world because it has no money system."Not even a system of exchange orbarter obtains among the 13,000brown-skinned men who make up theisland's population."Nature has given the inhabitantseverything they can wish," the captain explained. "Their good foodgrows on trees before their doors.They bulid their own huts and occasinally weave garments for themselves. That ends their work. Theyare not lazy, but they do not work.Every one is happy there. Kindnessand love and baseball and moving pictures are all there is to life. Andwhat more could be wished?"We established a moving pictureBhow," Captain Brackett said, "andthe natives are wild over it. It givesthem the only motive they have fordoing work, and now every woman onthe island has taken to raising chickens, as ten hen's eggs will secure admission to the show. The baseballgames are free."Captain Brackett obtained leave ofabsence to go to his home in Peoria,111.EARL AN ARDENT SUFFRAGISTLondon's Political Clubs Certain ThatBeauchamp Will Be Canada'sNext Governor-General.London. It is now definitely statedin political clubs that Earl Beauchamp, pronounced Beecham, will succeed the Duke of Connaught as governor general of Canada.Lord Beauchamp married Lady Lattice Grosvenor, a sister of the Dukeof Westminster, in 1902. They havetwo sons and four daughters. Beauchamp commenced his public careerat the age of twenty-three by becom-Lady Beauchamp.ing mayor of the City of Woscester;at twenty-five he was made a memberof the old London school board andsurprised England by receiving thegovernorship of lew South Waleswhen he was just over twenty-seven.He was extremely ""popular in NewSouth Wales.Beauchamp is an ardent suffragistand once received a deputation fromthe suffragettes. Lady Beauchamp ismusical as well as sporting and is afirst rate organist, a good whip and avery keen gardener. She defies superstition by wearing a magnificent setof opals at every function.LAZY FISH SAVE MANY' LIVESCampers in Washington State, WhoCouldn't Get a Bite, MoveJust Before Landslide,La Conner, Wash. Lazy fish in iheSkagit river saved the lives of twomen and several women and children recently.As the fishing was poor the partyof camperB, including the families ofHenry G. Fleming and Alvin Kiesling,picked up their things and movedseveral rods up-stream.The men on returning to the oldcamp for some stools found that animmense earthsllde had covered theircamping spot of an hour before to adepth of 200 feet The sudden migration of the party had saved theirlives.f WS y&k&vp" - $ mIf fcsW' ? A m9 JtH " v 4 s ? & v yV f f Kra! &&" " A ' 'T'-.'X? ilrPAINTSCHEAPERProperty Owners In Parisand Bourbon CountyCan Save Big Money byTaking Advantage ofThese Prices.Onr new paint department is nowready for business. No matter whatyou want to paint, wheather a house,a barn, a fenec, or a fiddle, we cansupply you the right paint for any purpose at the right kind of a price.Without bragging or boasting, wewant to say that we carry not onlyone of the largest, but one of the mostcomplete stocks of paint, leads, oils,stains, varnishes, enamels, brushes,etc., in Central Kentucky.Why not have a "Brighten Up" talkwith our Mr. Hunt, a competent, reliable paint expert, who has had overten years' practical experience in thepaint business. You can reply absolutely on what he tells youLeads and Oils.Bagie White Lead, per 100 lbs.. . $ 7.45National Lead Company's PkoeenixDutch Boy Lead, per 100 lb... 7.45Carter's White Lead, per 100 lbs... 7.45Harrison's White Lead, per...100 lbs 7.45Absolutely Pure Linseed Oil,five gallon lots 60Pure pirits Turpentine, fivegallon lots 65Special prices in quantity.Sherwin-Williams Paints.The kind that ''Covers the Earth".Worth $2.25 per gallon the world oyer'Special sale price, per gallon, $1.98.Kach gallon requires from one quart toone-half grllon lindseed oil for thinning,making net cost, $1.55 to $1.75 per gallon, covering capacity 360 to 400 squarefeet, two coats, to the gallon. Overforty different attractive shades andcolors to select from, color cards andinteresting booklet on request.Oriental Paint.Manufactured by the Benjamin MooreCompany unquestionably one of the bestmedium priced paints for ordinaryuse ever put on the market. Comesready for the brush, twenty differentcolors to select from.Worth $1.50 per gallon, Spring SalePrice $1.25.Commonwealth Barn Paint.Sherwin-Williams' CommonwealthBarn Paint, made of pure linseed oiland Venetain Red. Only one coatproduces a rich velvety, permanent redfinish and will double the life of structure applied to. Most durable andeconomical paint made for barns, outhouses, garages, silos, etc.Worth $1.25. Spring Sale Price $1.00.Roof Paints.Is your roof worth saving? If so, giveit a coat of Sherwin-Williams' RoofPaint. A paint specially adapted toprotecting metal and shingle roofs.Worth $1.50 per gallon. Spring SalePrice $1.25.Asphatum Paint, for felt roof andother surfaces where rough material isused. Five gallon lots, 50 cents.Special prices in barrel lots.Household Paints.Paint coming under this head are toonumerous to mention, but we carrypractically everything, including FloorPaints, Porch Paints, Varnish, Stains,Furniture Varnish, Porch and LawnFuiture Enamel, Floor Stains, BathTub Enamels, Carriage Paints, WagonPaints, Gold Bronze, Aluminum Paints,also Floor Wax, Liquid Veneer, WallPaper Cleaner, Black Stove Enamels,etc.WILLIS GROCERY CO.,Dealers in Groceries, Seeds and Paints.LEXINGTON KY.ANNOUNCEMENTS.The News is authorized to make thefollowing announcements, subject tothe action of the Democratic PrimaryAugust 2, 1913:Por State SenatorHON. J. WILL CLAYBTJFTJS HADDENFor Commonwealth's AttorneyVICTOR A. BRADLEYPor County ClerkPEARCE PATONJ. WALTER PAYNEFor Police JudgeR. S. PORTERL. GRINNANTHOS. J. HOLLIDAYE. B. JANUARYPor CoronerGEO. BT. KISERRUDOLPH DAVISPor MayorJ.T. HINTONFor Police ChiefJ. C. ELGIN, Sr.W. F. LINKGEO. M. HILLBEN BISHOPGEO. W. JUDYFor JailerJOSEPH FARRISW. O. BUTLERCancer and Cockroaches.Two medical investigators, one inEngland and the other in Copenhagen,have come to the conclusion that cancer is due to cockroaches, possiblythrough some alliterative process ofreasoning. Hence swat that cockroach. We are not without hope thatif we but kill a sufficiency of animals, we may yet prolong our -lives.-P-JYes, our new wagon 9s a Studebakerthe only kind we KNOW""The Studebaker idea has been in our family forsixty years. We have never thought of buying anyother kind of a wagon."lts true, we're continually being offered otherwagons costing a little less, with lots of promises as towhat they will do. But we knou in our family what aStudebaker will do. A few dollars difference in pricedoesn t mean much. It s the service a wagon givesthat we consider most.""Long service for a fair price means more everytime than short service for a few dollars less,""Thats why we stick to Studebaker and 'Stick to Stude--bakeris a pretty good motto for a man who uses wagons."Studebaker wagons are built of good stuff. They're maderight by people who've had years and years of experience inmaking them right people who are trusted the world over.'"Studebaker wagons last, because they're made tolast.'"Look out for the dealer who tells you his wagon is just asgood as a Studebaker. That's my advice after a good deal ofexperience and the experience of all of my people. You get aStudebaker and you've got a safe investment"See our Dealer or ante us.STUDEBAKERNEW YORK CHICAGO DALLAS KANSAS CITY DENVERMINNEAPOLIS SALT LAKE CITY SAN FRANCISCO PORTLAND, ORE.U & N. TIME-TABLE:IN EFFECT DECEMBER 8. 1912Trains ArriveNo. FROM-tt-uiiuiia, ua., uauy 5.21 an134 Lexington, Ky., Daily 5.18an29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 air7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 ana10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 ans40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . . ! 8.12 am37 Cincinnati, O., Dily ,.9.50 am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 an12 Lexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 am26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 am25 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 3.10 urn0 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pns138 Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.33 pm38 Knoxville.- enn.. Daily . 5.25 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5.40 pro39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday '. 5.55 pro?30 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6,15 pm.8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 am32 Jacksonville. Fla., Daily ....6.18 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 proaTrains 3De-pa,rtNo. TO34 Cincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 an4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday T 5.35 am29 Lexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday .-.;.. .7.47 am. .40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday S.20 am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 am.137 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9.57 aro37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily . 9.55 am?33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.24 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10.29 am-6 Maysville, K., Daily 12.05 pn26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , 12.04 am.25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.33 pm.38 Cincinnati, O., Daily s.4o pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.52 pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday . 6.07 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.23 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.20 pn30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.35 pm-31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.55 pro13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57. pmTrains .Arrive "No. FROM ''2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily ExceptSunda 8.13 am 5 ?4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ..3.30 pm, -8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50? pm TUTrains,-ji rruiiKiorucc ljouisviue, uauy !ixcepD bunaay 7.43am1 K1 nnl-fAvt XT-it Toil-tr T?vn-- Cnnlnrr n m " tx j. u.iaa.ivj. u, j.i.pr . j-a,xij jjav,cu uumiaj a.oo am -x r iuiK.i.uru, x.y jjauy jLxcept ounay 0.00 pmAll Skin Remedies Fail?Have you tried all the advertisedskin lemedies without success? Have3'ou sought medical treatment in vain?And you still suffer from that irritating: itch, that horrible, unsightly skindisease? ,Do not despair.Come to our store and -we TvillGUARANTEE YOU INSTANT BELIEF. "We -will let you have a fullsize bottle of the IXD.D. Prescriptionfor Eczema, a simple, antiseptic wash,on our positive guarantee that unlessit stops the itch AT ONCE it; will costGreat Guesting.A man who undertakes to tell exactly what he is going to do and how heis going to do it has to be. a wonderfully good guesser. Washington Star.On the Toboggan.No man ever discovers his truepowers of locomotion until he startson the moralgrade. Piick.and financialdownSE enkkTr-J-3KUU -xSouth Bend, Ind.IN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911. 4 &XDetoart! i Myou not a cent. You owe it to yourself to take advantage of this offer."SVe are confident it will succeed or wecould not afford to make the offer.D.D.D. is a penetrating liquid thatkills and washes away disease germs,leaving the skin smooth and healthy.A 50c bottle is enough to start thocure of the most obstinate cases ofEczema, Psoriasis and allied diseases.D.D.D. soap is a valuable aid. Ask.us about it,Chas. E. Butler & Son, Paris, KjThe Chance.The man who complains that he hasnot succeeded because he has neverhad a chance expects somebody elseto furnish the chance.Clean-Up.He 'Tf I call pa pop why can't ?I call ma 'mon?'" She 'Tf i, :she'll wipe the floor withyou.Judge.VT-JT7Iv'V4mArJ2, i OMAG1:f.Mr,r ,V.. 4 A.- ?-t V '-'- ii4?4 . -?!Mi5 tiJ t:-VH.'.-JL-.' - j-if?-1- -H f"A2&2.UBUlaVTHEIB9URBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., APRIL 25 19135,Master's saleInsure with W. O. HintPrompt - paying noirj- xmmcompanies. tfv-'Vd.1:. IFYT .SP2to be aj- --5S57S?feyou are groindress distinctivelyin the best clothein the world. For5Jr remmJL CLkSXl.ioxvflOiQtn.esROCHESTER N Y'for Younger Menwhich have created a newstyle and quality level foryounger men can then heobtained through a homeclothiera man you knew,Our wonderful new creative shops at Fashion TarL,Rochester, New York,have made if possible feeus to increase our outputand naturally this placesus now in a position toincrease our agenciesRight now, if 3011 careto, you can ask any localclothier to send formodels and samples fcryou to look at. Wcllbe mighty glad of theopportunity to show youand the dealer our verydistinctive models andfabrics.WRITET 0ROSENBERG BROS. & CO:Fashion ParkROCHESTER, N. Y.IMils0SS?Pittsburgh Perfect" FencewmmmmKmmaammmgBmcammmmmmammmmammKmmmmmmmMmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmHmEasiest to Erect, looks Best, lasts Longestthe Most Satisfactory Fence in the WorldThere you have it in a nutshell.The heavily galvanized special OpenHearth Wire is unequalled in toughness,strength and durability.It is scientifically constructed and designed to meet your needs without waste,and thereby saves you money."Pittsburgh Perfect" eliminates endless repairs, and effectually stops thisdrain on your time, energy and purse.You can buy the present-day "PittsburghPerfect" Fence, put it up, and then forget it for years. This is true fenceeconomy. You'll spend much less moneyfor your fencing if you always buy"Pittsburgh Perfect."Made in Different Style.' for FIELD, FARM, RANCH, LAWN, Tvv.r RJ flno Vnf OOr3CHICKEN. POULTRY and RABBIT YARD and GARDEN -iVCry 1VUU VJUArdlltCCU.Ask your dealer for "Pittsburgh Perfect" and insist on his furnishing it. Do not allow him to persuade' you that some other fence is just as good. If he doesn't sell it, write us direct.If you are interested in Wire Fencing, writefor FREE copy of our ALMANAC, 1913Pittsburgh Steel Co.Pittsburgh, Pennsylvaniayou"Pittafeurgh Perfect" Brand of Barbed Wire;Bright, Annealed & Galvanized Wire; TwittedCable Wire; Hard Spring Coil Wire; FenceStaples; Poultry Netting Staples; Regular WireNails; Galvanized Wire Nails; LargeHeadRoofing Nails; Single Loop Bale Ties; Pittsburgh Perfect" Fencing. All made of OpenHearth material.tHw jLv B'Wood Pulp Sponges.Treated with chloride of zinc, woodpulp forms a viscous mass. When.salt is added and the mixture has beenTinsed with alcohol and compressed. fair imitation of a sponge resultsHarper's Weekly.f M. "WONEModern Russia.Russia has been described as "theland of ideals, the land of monotony,the land of variety," and it is also"the home of melodrama." It is other things, too: "The land of melancholy, the land of dancing and laughter, the land of tyranny, and theland, of liberty undreamed of by theshackled west." The shackles alluded to are those of convention.rt"down the throat of a ffapey'chicken destroys the wormsand saves the chick's life. Afew drops in the drinking waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPESwhite diarrhoea, roup, choleraand other chick diseases.One 50c Bottle ofBourbonPoultryCiireMakes 12 Gallons of Medlclae. jVvthw txmkry raiser should keep a bottle of-rWJikSeoa haad. Write for free sampleINMtK ftEKIY MNttRY, UCtN, if.!TcIbyir.I. Br. "!??UMrex wLiquid Poultry Remedy 2BgExpert Barber.Mr. Carl Crawford, a barber of 30years' experience, invites the publicto his new shop at the Windsor Hotel.Two chairs. Prompt service. Children's work a specialtv. Razors honedsatisfactorily. tfHep Diploma."She says she went abroad to finish her education. I wonder if shelearned much." "She told me she hadsix new ways to fix her hair." Judge."Savcs the Sick"For ipe, While Dian heoi. Roup,Linrern"ck and all Poultryd"-eases.No Cure Ko.Piy, It works whilethe' roost.OJPY T.iquid LicerVL-,yV Killer 25cHas no "equal" as alice, mile and jfertn killer. Bctiash for allsores and cuts 011 allstock. Finest disinfectant for house, stabledog kennel and hen house. BY MAIL, 30c)THE HEX CHEMICAL CO., Newport, Ky.SOLD BVVarden &. Son.Ty. A.lSqper, little Rock,J. E. Clark & Co., Millersburg, Ky.tqllof ym& .-.6r--J3 .,Q. 4 C. Trains Now Run onSchedule Time.Mr. T. C. Powell, Vine President ofthe Queen & Crescent- and SouthernRailway, has advised his local representatives that the Queen and CrescentRoute was running Qn nonrartrams between Cincinnati and thySouth on regular schedule and allfreight and express traffic, both carload lots and less, between Cincinnatiproper and the South, without delayor confusion. Mr. Powell also saidthat between Louisville and the Souththere never has been any interruptionto traffic by the Q. & C, and that allthrough traffic via Louisville is nowbeing handled.Water and Ore Mixed.Nearly fifty tons of water were liftL from the mires of South Stafford-Wre, England, last year for every tonnumeral.GOOD BARN FOR SMALL FARMBuilding Shown Has Accommodationfor Four Horses and Five CowsAmple Grain Room.The dimensions of barn welladapted to a small farm are 32 by 52feet It contains stalls for fourhorses and five cows, and has a driveway 12 feet wide. It has two haylofts, one 18 by 32 feet, and another22 by 32 feet Ample provision ismade for the grain-bins,' the size ofwhich may be regulated to meet therequirements of any farm by reducing or enlarging the hay-loft Thisbarn will take care of the stock, hayand grain, of a 100-acre farm veryT 'WSKJSide Elevation.DRIVEISXZZS ou-r-rcn jCOSWs II II ll. llTT1I7L' W FED LLCYI m 1 iiiHO RSESTflU SFirst Floor.ITVCHllN SjNSHAYLOF-T2fiAT32Second Floor.nicely, and costs only about $1,600,the price varying according to thecost of material xn different sections.The barn is floored throughout witha good quality of pine, and the roofis of galvanized iron. The entire barnis painted with two coats of paint.If home help is employed in theheavy work and only a single carpenter employed, the cost of the barnmay be materially reduced.The estimate of $1,600 is given toinclude the services of a carpenterand all other necessary help at dayv ages.Amount of Silage for Horse.Horses are very fond of silage, butaccording to Kansas Farmer there isconsiderable danger to their gettingtoo much of it. Forty pounds a dayis supposed to be about the maximumamount that can be fed to cattle, buthere are very few cattle that willaverage this much, and it should beremembered that the horse has a verymuch Bmaller stomach than the cow.A little silage given as a horse ration will be thoroughly relished, andthe animal will show its appreciationof it by his improved condition andglossy coat, but be careful not to givehim too much.LiveStocNotesI'mlA fattening ration will ruin a sowfor a breeder.Separate the young breeding sowsfrom the fattening stock.Oats and peas sown together makea great forage crop for sheep.Over-feeding and under exercisingwill ruin the best of brood sows.Flockmasters should never sell acull sheep, excepting to the butcher.Better have the lpve and the friendship of a good horse than that ofmany bad men.The fewer sows we keep the betterare the chances of saving a largenumber of pigs per sow.The winter feed of the ewe shouldcontain the essential food nutrientsin their proper proportion.If hogs are crowded in cold weather in a cold pen they will pile upand smother the weaker ones.Give the shoats plenty of feed withroots each day. They will then makea steady growth and return a profit.It is a mistake to confine the breeding stock too closely. They shouldhave exercise in order to developright.The hog that is ameasy, nervousand is constantly fighting with theothers is usually an unprofitablefeeder.Never feed pigs more than theywill clean up. When the feed is leftin .the trough or on the floor It soonbecomes a loss.Avoid crowding the lambs in the"winter feeding quarters. They needa.lotof rooms on; account of, "theirnatural habit ot crowding. "OFLANDANDStore Building!Farm Hands WantedTwo good men for the farm. Moatbe thorouKhly reliable. Men withfamrred. Two new houses and gardenfree,apply at the News office.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.C. G. Rash's Adm'r, Etc.,Vs. Notice of Sale.Mabel Ra9h, Etc.- PlaintiffDefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgment of the Bourbon Circuit Court,rendered in the above styled action,the undersigned Master Commissionerwill sell at public auction to the highest and best bidder, at the CourtHouse door in the City of Paris, atabout the hour of 11 o'clock a. m. , onSaturday, April 26, 1913.the following described property:First The undivided one-seventhinterest of E. F. Rash, deceased, inthe tract of land, being a part of thehome place of the late G. W. Ra&h,described as "Dowery" on plat, ofsuivey of the Scott (Rash) land madely W. A. Morris, beginning at A onplat, a stake in Harris7 line ; thenceN 78 1-4 degrees W 198.88 poles to apoint in the Winchester & North Midnletown turnpike ; S 78 1-4 degrees E14 links from a stone; thence with thecenter of the pike as it meanders S12 1-2 degrees W 16 poles. S 19 1-4degrees W 24.80 poles; S 19 3-4 W 80poles ; S 47 degrees E 13.64 poles to apoint in the pike central between twoset stones at C, corner to N. H. Bayless; thence 1 2 degree "VV 32.16 polesto B, corneJ to same; thence N 85 1.4degrees E 149.60 poles to a stone, corner to same at E ; thence N. 84 1-2degrees E 60.12 poles to a stone at F ;thence N 19 3-4 degrees E 103 poles tothe beginning, containing 165 acres ofland, and being a part of the landconveyed by John W. Scott and Rebecca L. Scott to G. "W. Rash, bydeed of record in Deed Book 63, page120, Bourbon County Clerk's office;and is the same lan.l allotted to Mrs.Margaret Rash, widow of G. W, Rash,as dower by a deed of record in theBourbon County Clerk's office in DeedBook 89, at tage 555.SecondThe undivided cne-seventhinterest of the late E. F. Rash in acertain lot of ground, with the improvements thereon, situated in NorthMiddletown, Bourbon county, Kentucky, on Main street, running 36 feeteast and west on said Main streetand266 feet, more or less, back north andsouth ; being the lot or parcel of landbounded ab follows: viz: on the northbv the property of Mrs. Skillman, onthe east by the brick storehouse andlot of the Bean heirs, on the south bythe aforementioned Main street, andon the west by the storehouse, etc. ,of B. E. Bean and the Masonic lodge!and also all the rights and privilegesas to the alley entrance heretofore reserved in deed to Mrs. W. G. Skillman; the privilege being reserved tothe Bean heiis to U3e said alley inpassing to and from their storehouselot, as set out in deed from the Beanheirs to Reuben See, and being thesame property conveyed to G. W.Rash by Reuben See by deed recordedin Deed Book 71, page 425, BourbonCounty Clerk's office.Said sale will be made upon thecredits of six and -twelve months forequal parts of the purchase money,purchase being required to executebond for equal installments of thepurchase price, with good suretythereon, to bo approved by the Master, and payable to said Master,and bearing interest at the rateof 6 per cent, per annum from date ofsale until paid, and to remain a lienupon the property sold until paid, andto have the force and effect of a judgment. The Master will first sell the undivided one-seventh interest in the tractof 165 acres of land, and he will thensell the undivided one-seventh interest in the brick store building inNorth Middletown, offering the interests of said E. F.Rash and the saidbrick store building separately.c. A. McMillan, m. c. b. c. c.M. F. Kenney, Auc't'r.Claude M. Thomas, Attorney.11-18-25.WOOL WANTED.We will pay the highest marketprice ior wool. Plenty of sacks fur-tnished free.LYNCH & WIGGINS.Paris, Ky ,18-3t E.T . chune 682For Sale.Cutting harrow in first class condition. Apply to22-tf STUART & U'BPJEN.centper FAEHUUia-.,$i,ooo to $Mo,wr'.-W. KING & SON,125 Cheapside. Lexington, Ky.W. N. Barkley Mrs. W. N. BarkleyWoman's Exchange & Cafe112 N. Upper Street,Lexington, KentuckyHome-made Cakes, Breads, Pies, Cau-dies, Croquetts, Salads, Pickles, Chovr-"Chow, Ftc, received fresh, daily.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Sup-per; also lunches and short orders at all 4hours with the best themarket affords.(28mar6mo)THE LEXINGTON HOTEL,TOpp. The LelandEUROPEAN PLAN,,Lexington, Ky,,Reasonable Rates. C-Everything New andUp-to-Date.Convenient to Gar Line.Slight Formality."Do you think the office ought toseek the man?" , "Yes," replied thewilling patriot; "although of course itmay be necessary for the man toleave his address with the head of adepartment."The SanitaryShop!With all the latest devicesinstalled in my shop to makeit absolutely sanitary andclean, including a PatentTowel Sterlizer, IndividualCups, Soap, etc., believe wehave the most modern shopin Paris. We have just installed a new Porcelain Tuband an up-to-date Bathroom.Hot water at all times. ThreeBarbers, all experts. Wewould like to have yourtrade. I take this method ofsoliciting it. Is there a reason why we should not receive it? Respectfully,Russ Corbin.Woodland Stock FarmHeadquarters For Draft HorsesHIDark Bay Horse, Weight 1,7000.Sired by Imported Gitter 58803Dam by Imparted Queen 41490$15.00 To InsureBUSTER B. is a coming three yearold and a young stallion of markedsize and condition. He is the kindthat will appeal to your fancy andyou will make no mistake in breedingto him.BURLEY;Black Percheron.$15.00 To InsureWeight 1760 ,BURLEY is a splendid specimen of Kthe draft horse and his get have prov- "ed to be of the very best. There is asteadily growing demand for the class. "of horses produced by Burley, bofckupon the farm and in the cities. Thaycan stand more work than the aveafjehorse." He is 7 years old, a beautifulblack, well formed and of the cliuwthat catches the eye. In selecting!!horse to breed to pick one whose pt$duce commands the best price. gThe Above Horses Will Make The Season of 1913Woodland Stock Farm.About 7 miles north, of Paris on the Cynthiana pikh. Money due when jHflis foaled, mare transferred or brec to other stock without my consent. mxt retained on all colts until shason mony is paid. Care taken to prevent a?eidents teufc no responsibility assumed sitouid any oecur.STERLMNt HIHKSOM, Lh-lCy.'Vir,&&& -?yTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, BOURBON COUNJY, KY., APRIL 25. 1913Z) - vfMILLERSBURG ITEMS.r Mr. C. E. Bryan is in Cincinnati onbusiness.Messrs. T. D. Bentley and Aaron McConnell were in Winchester on business"Tuesday.Miss Floyd Barnes, who graduates invoice at the M. F. C, .will give hernecitsl. Friday evening. May 2.Miss Bernice Wimberlgy one of the-violin students of4Miss Nell. will give a-Tecital, Saturday evening, May 3.Miss Helen Salisbury, graduate .'inexpression at the M. F. C , gives herrecital to-night. Public cordially iDvited. The Lexington High School defeatedtthe M. M. I. Monday afternoon on theLexington grounds by a score of 13tol.Miss Mitchell, of Paris, was the guestof her aunts, Mesdames Margaret andRussell Mitchell Tuesday and Wednesday. Services Sunday morning and evening at tne Christian, Methodist, Baptist .and Presbyterian churches by theirjpastorsMr. J. H. Linville had a valuableseven-year old horse to die Tuesdavfrom blood poisoning. The animalvas valued at 5300.Mrs. Linda Benton and son, John,have returned after a weeks' visit toher daughter and sister, Mis, Shirley"Tate, at Morristown. Tenn.Y -Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Wilson, Jr., werecalled to Bethel Wednesday, to attendthe funeral of their brother-in-law,Mr. Spencer Boyd.The basket ball team of the M.F. C.:are hard at work preparing for theirjfield day sports. They have been playing eveiy morning for a week as earlyas five.All persons having subscribed forvstock in the Millersburg loose leafwarehouse, and all others mtraested in'this movement are earnestly requestedto meet at the City Hall Saturday afternoon, April 26, at three o'clock, tovdiscuss matters of importance.We are sole agents tor the Simmons-Cream Separator, the best on the market to-dav. This cream separator isuneaualed as a labor and money saver.Jall and see us, or better still, let ussend you a sample and show you whatit can do. It will cost you nothing tolook.MILLERSBURG COAL & LUMBERCO. 25 2cInvitations are out to the old cadetsannouncing the M.M.I. Home Coming,which will take place June 2 and 3.All the old catalogues of the schoolfrom 1S93, including 1913, are beingjcarefullv gone over and every ex-cadet"whose address can be ascertained isbeing sent one of these invitations,with an earnest request to be present.However, there are a number of oldcadets whose addresses are not known,and any information in regard tosuch will be thankfully received by Col.and Mrs. Best. Let everyone who isinterested in the homecoming thathave the addresses of ;the old cadets-communicate with Col. and Mrs. Bestso as to-Jearn whether they have their'present address.Mrs.Wm. Ritchie, aged about thirtyifive, died at her home Tuesday morning after a short illness. She was forItVr Nilit?.&-- wiimerly Miss Green, of Barterville. Shewith her husband and one daughter,resided on the farm of Mr. J. T. Purdy. The funeral took place Thursdayat ten a. m., at Rose Hill Methodistchurch, Rev. J. D. Redd officiating.Interment in Rose Hill cemetery.Mrs. E. R. Huston and family havemoved from rooms in the Miller flat tothe property of ihe Misses Griffith, ohVimont street, recently vacated, byMr. Claude Case and family.Mrs. Turner Paton and children andMrs. Rov Lowe, a neighbor, wnile returning to their home from Millersburg, Tuesday afternoon, came nearmeeting with a serious accident. Theywere driving an old family horse thathas always been considered safe.About the time they passed the oldbrick houBe on the farm of Col. W. M.Layson, on the' Cvnthiana pike, thehorse began trotting rapidly, the speedincreased, and a few moments laterit was in a dead run. Both ladiesmade a strenuous effort to stop the animal, and as they approached the homeof Mr.John Knox, they met Mr. JamesHoward, who seeing their condition,jumped from his buggy and seized theirnorse. The animal was going so fastthat it pulled him down and as titfcjrned the corner the buggy struckthe stone wall, throwing the occuuants to -the ground. Mr. Howardsucceeded in stopipng the horse aboutthe same time. Mrs. Paton was theonly occupant sustaining any injuries, a few slight bruises. Mrs. Loweand the children were uninjured. Thebuggy was demolished.RELIGIOUS.-Rev.E. M. Lightfoot will sneakat Spears Mill, Baptist Mission, nextSunday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock onmatters of special interest to thatcommunitv. He is anxiouB to have allattend.At the Baptist church next Sundaymorning the pastor, Rev. E. M. Lightfoot, will preach on "The Hero ofBurnia. " At night the subject willbe "Jesus Christ and Religious Experience." The services begin at 10:45 a.m., and 7:30 p. m. : Sunday school at9:30;C. O. Hinton, superintendent.All are cordially invited to attendthese services.Military Equipment Sold.Major Victor E. Dodge, ot Lexington, Monday bought at public auctionthe military equipment, comprising800 rifles and 18j000 cartridges, sold bythe State. Thefprice paid was S3,500and the valueblaced on the propertvbv the StaWwas $8,000. This equipment was displaced by the rifles andammunition furnished by the FederalGovernment, It was bought by theState during the troublesome periodthat followed the assassination ofGovernot William Goebel, and was intended as arms for the mountain armythat came to Frankfort to keepfformerGovernor William Taylor Jin office ifousted by the Legislature.ANNOUNCEMENTS.FOR COUNCILMAN.We are authorized to announce Dr.; William Kenney as a candidate forCouncilman from the Second Ward.subject to the action of the Democraticprimary, August 2, 1913. tabBetter Shoe ValuesAre Hard to Find.Of course it's easy enough to find Shoes at low prices, but notso easy to find the same kind and quality at such prices as we areoffering you now. For when you come here we'll give you betterleather, better workmanship, a little finer style, more comfort andmore value than you have been accustomed to.s , Now-Is the Time to Buy Your, '' i ! ' " - '-Spring FootwearWe have just received the newest and largest assortment ofSpring Shoes and Oxfords ever offered to the people of BourbonCounty. This embraces all -this season's newest designs in allleathers and fabrics, to be placed on sale this week.Buy Now While the Lots Are Complete in Every Detail.DAN COHMNiK,2 'Bethlehem Place Tracts BringV- Good Prices.Fourteen tracts" of land known asBethlehem Place, lying near the citylimits, were sold Wednesday at publicauction by Messrs. Miller McCarneyand Lflleston, who recently purchasedthe, large tract, dividing; it into sections containing 'from three to oneand one-half acres.The sale was well attended, a largenumber being upon the ground andbidding upon each piece offered wasspirited. Prior to the sale, the ParisHigh School Band paraded the streets,and a .free car was at the dispositionof those who desired to attend.The sale aggregated the sum of6,070 for 28.21 acres, or an averageof 215.34 per acre. The sale was conducted by Auctioneer Geo.D. Speakes.A number of prizes were awardedas follows: Gold watch, Harold Wollstein; Axminster drugget, Mrs. CarlSnapp; Brussels drugget, C. L. Blackerby; two five dollar gold pieces toMr. A. J. Fee and Mrs. Bishop Hiblerrespectively. The sale resulted asfollows:Lot No. 1, containing 3.52 acres,JohnC. Bedford, $780.Lot No. 2, containing 3.33 acres,same. 765.Lot No. 3, containing 3.15 acres,same, 790.Lot No. 4, containing 2.95 acres,Harry Simon, S675.Lot No. 5, containing 2.75 acres, J.Elvove, 530.Lot No. 6, containing 2.07 acres,Charle- Ciaycraft, 385.Lot i'u. 7, containing 1.90 acres, E.M. Gaunce, $355.Lot No. 8, containing 1.75 acres,same,' S330.Lot No. 9, containing 1.58 acres, Logan Howard, 285.Lot No. 10, containing 1.40 acres, C.W. McGinues. 295.Lot No. 11, containing 1.33 acres,same, S255.Lot No. 12, containing 1.06 acreB,H. H. Early wine, S205.Lot No. 13. containing .76 acres,same. 220.Lot No. 14, containing .76 acres,same, 200.Arnold Trial is Set lor June.iJUUJiU i'lei ill cue icuuiciuu jih,uiuCourt heard the motion of the plaintifffor a continuance of the Newt. Arnoldcase at Falmouth, Monday. E. P.Morrow, attorney for the defense, setforth that he could not be present Wednesday, the day set for the trial, andif the Court should insist upon proceeding he would be obliged to withdrawfrom the case.The question of healing the case onMay 19th was canvassed, and Col.Robt.Franklin, who has been added to thenumber of counsel lor the Commonwealth, stated that it would be impossible for him to be present on thatdate.Bv consent of all parties, the Courtthen designated Monday, June 16th,as the date when the trial should begin. That will be the week followingthe regular May term ot the HarrisonCircuit Court, which converter on thefourth Monday in May andycontinuesfor three weeks.The counsel in the case now are : forArnold, E. P. Morow, of Covington,and Judge Barton.of Falmouth ;for theCommonwealth, J. C. Dedman, M. C.Swinfod and R. B. Fankln.y.?gv wJHealth Official Busy..More than seven hundred'persons residing in this city, in compliance withthe order' of the Board of Health'havebeen vacinated, and.! more fare yetto come. Health Officer A. H. Keller haa been exceedingly active duringthe past several days iwith the workwith the abov rpsult. A large percent of those submitting to vaccination were school children. The appearance of small pox in this city afew weeks ago Drompted the actionof the Health Boa d, and the effect isfar reaching.Silver Ter.There will be a Silver'Tea given atthe Presbyterian church this" eveningat seven o'clock.Saratoga Chips.Fresh Saratoga PotatoFee's. Phone 64.Chips atAppointed AdministratorJudge Deni3 Dundon Monday appointed Mrs. Pearl Taylor administrator ofthe estate of thejate GeorgeW. Taylor. She qualified with Mr. L.Mussinon as surety.Luke McLuke SaysXou Aill never know the real valuofa diamond until ou take it to a hockshop and try to soak it.Talking about well filled articles, theegg and the sausage haven' t anj thingon a hobble worn by a corn-fed chicken.A single man imagines a women goesaround the house all day wearing daintymuslin lingerie strung with baby ribbon,but a married man knows better.Maybe Father wouldn't be sd much ofheathen if Mother would keepbuttons onhis clothes instead of knittingvrist warmers for the benighted canmbils in theSolomon Islands.When I get so old and all-in thatcurves look like hooks to me I am goingto turn reformer and spend all my timebewailing the error made by Naturewhen she put red blood into our veinsinstead of ice water.Before marriage he could hold her onhis lap for four hours and never gettired. After he gets her he is exhausted if she asks him to hold the baby . onhis knee for two minutes.SEASON OF 1913.Egyptian Boron 51111Trial Over Track 3 SecondsSlow 2:0914Sire of Nancy Baldwin (4 2:29,trotted over slow track in 1912 in2:12; Beautiful Lady, two-year-oldtrial, 1912, 2:15, last half in 1:05;Nelson, 3-year-old trial of 2:18, lasthalf in 1:02.Sired bv Oakland Baron 2:0914,Winner of Kentucky Futurity. Sireof Gail Hamilton 2:06, Rhvthmic 2:06. Baron De Shay 2:08.Dam Egyptienne 2:18,by Mambrino King 1279.2d dam Bay Hambietonian,(dam of Egyptienne 2:18, Henrietta2:17, Fulano 21224) by Hambietonian 10.$25 to Insure a Living Colt.DOUGLAS THOMAS,Paris, Ky.' S, -t.v1 Kriy4!RSRawIerAbsolutely PureThe only Baking Powder made fromRoyal Grape Cream of TartarMakes delicious home-baked foodsof maximum qualify at minimumcost Makes home bakingpleasant and profitableCOTTAGE FOR RENT.Mv nnf.tacH nn TTitrh cf-rppf nova nrpn-'pied by Mr. W. W. Mitchell, is for J Also an etxra good cominu two-year-renVfPossession June 1. AdpIv to ! old Shetland peny by Billy Button.MlSS'KUUkUCA DOEIIREK, J114 West SeventhSL.22-?t Paris, Ky.PUBLICThe undersigned, as Master Commissioner of the Fayptte Circuit Court, will sell at public auction the farm of Martha J. Parker,deceased, on the Parker's Mill Road, in Fayette County, Ky., containing about 244 acres, at the Court House door in Lexington, at12 o'clock noon, onWednesday, April 30tSi, 1913.Possession given upon confirmation of sale. See official advertisement in the Lexington Herald.J.Poor Old Elgin-Is down and out when compared to Tri-State prices for Butter Fat, which have averaged more than 2 cents above Elgin since"November. Become a Tri-Stateto the Tri-State Butter Go., Cincinnati, O., isProfitable Tri-State Spot Cash price this week is 35 centsper pound for Butter Fat.Safe. A. 75,000 corporation with an established reputationguaranteeing your shipments against loss or damage in transitEasy You can make your shipments every three or four daysor when most convenient cream sweet or sour.Write For Free Trial Cans TodayGive us a trial without cost to you and let our SpotCash Pay Checks reward you.The Tri-State Butter Company,Cincinnati, Ohio.00NT LEND YOUR MONEY TO ANY MAN" WHOtOMES ALONG; IF HE WERE WORTHY OF CREDTRHE WOULD2. How ma'ny I. O. U.'s havei -"' -Put your money in our bank; you'll have more money:and at least ONE good friend your BXNK AGGOUNT.If you want advice, come to us; we always have time tolisten.Make OUR bank YOUR bank. sWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings. -DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.Capital, $100,000.00O. M. HALL, President.FOR SALE.Thirtv-lWQ head of stccK cattle. ateerannrf hpifprs.ApulV toM. J. MURPHY.Paria, Ky.22-2tSALE !COLBERT,m. c. f. c. c.rShinner todav for shinning creamCOMEyou got that are worth nothing-.)Surytas, $40,000.80,C.K.-THOMAS; CASHKR,..JL:fV( iiij-