THE BOURBON NEWS.,jrt---rt,1.'-l5Wf-'v' V,PUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARv-. '7 1VOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, SEPT. 23, 1913.PLANNING BIG MUSICALFESTIVAL FOR NOVEMBER,1 ntmmmamm rmmrmm ' i gp 1 mr&g&&m6smmm&x5PC'-'fjrSs8ism3fpssy ''y$gar.-; -Alvin Silver PlateIs Made in But One ..Quality" "THE VERY BEST jSee the George WashingtonProf. Albert H. Morehead is completing arrangements for a musicalfestival to be given in this city onTuesday, Nov. 25th. Myeon W.Whitney, conceded to be the great- j"est bass vocalist in the United iStates, has been engaged for the occasion, which promises to be ofgreat interest to the music-lovingpeople in this community. In addition to Mr. Whitney Prof. Moreheadhas secured Miss Valentine, one ofthe greatest pianists in America, andlie is also arranging for an orchestraof about thirty pieces, together witha full chorus.Pattern in Our WindowMR. REDMON PASSESROAD ENGINEER TEST.At Frankfort, Thursday, Mr. C. F.Redmon, of Paris, County Road Supervisor for .Bourbon, was one of thesuccessful candidates who stood theexamination for County Road Engineer, held by State Road Commissioner R. C. Terrell. Nineteen County Road Engineers and prospectiveengineers took the examination before the State Road Commissioner.PROMPT SETTLEMENT'OF LIFE INSURANCE;tjRgLet Me Have Your Order ForCERTIFIEDCHiCKR, F. Clendenin, Special Agent ofThe Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Co., paid to Mrs. Thompson H.Tarr, Saturday $5,021.32, the amountof the policy held by Mr. Tarr. Thispolicy was taken December 20, 1888,at the age of 22, and Mr. Tarr made10 payments, amounting to $1,980.00,Since the policy matured the companyhas returned him in cash dividends$1,137.36, which makes the net costof hisinsur.ance $842.46. (1)BURGLARS MAKE RAID ONCYPRESS STREET RESIDENCESIF-r &fr"WE KNOW HOW"There is No MysteryIn This PactJiISvBurglars entered the residence ofMr. George W. Judy, on Cypressstreet, Sunday night, and taking his ihis trousers into the yard relievedthem of $5 in cash. The same nightthey visited the residence of Mr. Jno.Tarr, on Cypress street, and securedabout $7.00 in cash.Sunday night a burglar attemptedto effect an entrance at the residenceof Mr. Knox, on South Main street,but was frightened away.30cPoundWe Have it in Steele Cut or WholeT. C. LENIHAN,Cash Grocery.SEED WHEAT, RYE ANDTIMOTHY. ,Ohio' Fullz Seed Wheat,Northern Sed Rye, fancyquality Timothy Seed.We have large stocks ofthe above at market prices.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.NEGRO WORKMAN SHOT 3YUNKNOWN COLORED MANEugene Gray, a negro employed byMr. Neal Parker, in the L. & N. construction department, was shot inthe foot Sunday night by an unknown negro. The shooting occurredin the south yards while Gray wascoming towards town. He statedthat he was approached by a coloredman who commanded him to stop,and when he refused t o heed thecommand the negro drew a revolver and fired. The bullet took effectin the right foot. The matter wasreported to the police.IJWho Is Your Tailor ?We Have 500 Samples of Woolens toMake Your Suit to Order-Tobacco Insurance.23-4t ROXIE DAVIS.FIRE BURNS ROOF FROMEAST PARIS RESIDENCE.TfcVTHAT Season after SeasonYear after Year our Customers Return to usfor their Clothes. Itsimply goes to prove first thatour customers are discriminating judges of value and securedthat the clothes we sell in everyway meet the standard thaiour customers set., Fall HatsNow On DisplayWe are shoning all thenewshapes, shades and kinds1.Ml I Wy A JJU J IMm if . I m llf 31 fl TlLli fiKH It mu JI Bf:-;: IIIW 111f? I 1 Hn II 7111! w111!f M II i B I "l i J H IHw3. "Coovridit. 1913.fclfwlA. fctrra i CaSIMitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to MenParis.1EtmiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiirrjuiiiGJiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimimmniiii!;iEMWMBMMl$GIIi:iliJi!3IJUiUl)!IIUIIlJiunull!!lllllIIIIIIUIIIirBFRANK & COThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.3: 5AnnounceFire which originated from a defective flue broke out in the residenceof Mrs. John Sullivan, in East Parisyesterday afternoon at 3:30 o'clock.A high wind, which -was blowing, fora time threatened adjoining property, but the fire department responded promptly and by efficient workconfined the blaze to the rear of theresidence where the fire started. Theresidence was damaged to the extentof about $300.The fire department was called outSaturday morning u an alarm fromBox 23. The blaze was discoveredI in a residence beyond the Georgetowbridge and out of the city limits.Little damage was done.15 to$50mmfire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.Now is the Time to Make a'Selection gFor a Fall Suit.mmkA Large Line of Pall Hats andCaps for Men and Boys.$FR16& & 60. Giotmersand Furnishersmj'!i&ycmHOME COOKING.&ifHaving retired from the restaurantbusiness, Mrs. Crosdaie and myselfhave opened ua a first-class privatequarters on High street, four doorsnorth of the electric traction station,which is most centrally located andconvenient to the best business section of Paris and to the electric cars,which stop at our door. We are catering to table trade only, and on theAmerican plan and are prepared toaccommodate table borders regularor irregular, and also any transienttrade, ladies or- gentlemen. We alsocan entertain automobile parties andcan serve special dinners or suppersfor a number upon due notice, earlyor late. If you are particular andwant superior, palatable home cooking, which you often dream about,but seldom realize, served in a refinedand select manner, in correspondingand inviting apartmets, we feel thatyou will certainly tnake no mistakein looking us up. We will issue mealtickets to persons' averaging one andtwo meals per day.Eespecifully,(It v GEO. H.-CROSDALE.Now Ready For Your InspectionNew Fall and Winter StylesInLadies', Misses' and Junior'sSuits, Cloaks, Dresses3feHy4-Silk and Evening Dresses; f Evening Wraps and Coats VSilk and Crepe KimonasSeparate Skirts in Variety of StylesfsAV it.Millinery at -Popular PricesCome in and Look Around1 1 FRANK Sc C.. !iloufiiMiiiiiirnw fIv J,-'V9yKentuckyisisi:x-SXmmfMmnMmmmii&imnxMMrf-X-THE' BOURBON NEWS," PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1913. Ifvt,--tliiiJBourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Streetr fi 1asASifflBourbonWWParis Kentucky.nuMHUiimmuiMiummiiimiuiniKn MnUflUMKimsAr Have You Seen vthe Coupon Now in ,K A gLwjMujviss ;-vr, 4aI "V " T 5iCi'-' h, Hiy.eLiggett Myers Duke's Mixture makes agreat pipe smoke and rolled into a cigarettenothing can beat it.It is the favorite smoke of thousands ofmen who want selected, pure, Virginia andNorth Carolina bright-leaf tobacco.If you have not smoked Duke's Mixture,made by Liggett Myers at Durham, N. C.try it at once. $Each sack contains one and a half ounces oftobacco that is equal to any 5c granulated tobaccomade and with each sack you get a book of ucigarette papers FREE and tii1? ""P7" "S&fe.v .COSTLY TREATMENT.- "Iw&s troubled witli constipationaad Indigestion and spent hundredstrf dollars for medicine and treatment," writes C. H. Hines, of Whitlow,Ark. "I went to a St Louis hospitalalso to a hospital In New Orleans, butao cure was effected. On returningkoaM I began using Chamberlain'sTablets; and worked right along. Im4 them, for some time and am nowalL right Sold by all dealers.(aafcmtt), ST :?feii XW&Zl BW T0 1ULit . ) 3T5i3S,-'-i ilig3K8S!88ll&(UswIWe Take Pleasure.in ioing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourdon Laundrtfamous fov fine work and itdever goes brack on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatee ,., ;Laundry,faro2I-Mfjr-1 paThese coupons are good for manyvaluable presents such as watches,cameras, jewelry, furniture, razors,china, etc.As a special offer, we will sendsgI9myou our illustrated catalogof presents FREE. Justsend us your name and addresson a postal. This offer expiresDecember 81, 1913.Coupons from Duke's Mixture may bsassorlcdwitk tazsfrom HORSE SHOE,J. T., TINSLEVS NATURAL LEAF.GRANGER TWIST, couponsfrom FOUR ROSES (lOe-tin doublecoupon), PICK PLUG CUT, PIEDMONT CIGARETTES, CLIXCIGARETTES, and other tags rcoupons issued by us.Premium Dept. jj(2fftttMuxAAr v&lcco C AmyST. LOUIS, MO. j4wSrAfter any Sicknessor Operationdoctors prescribe SCOTT SEMULSION it contains thevital elements nature cravesto repair waste, create pureblood and build physical strength.No Alcohol or Opiate -Scott Bgwmc Bloomfield, N. J. ' 12-23Withdrawal ofKehoe ForecastConditions On Which He Predicted Candidacy NotSatisfied.INSURRECTION NEAR ENDNo Enthusiasm .Aroused and,After Hunt of Five Weeks,Ticket Still is Nineteen MenShort Great Crowd Expectedat Election in NovemberManagement Regrets Postponement.LEXINGTON, KY. Students of thetobacco situation give grounds for theprediction that the withdrawal oiJames N. Kehoe as provisional candidate for president of the Burley Tobacco Company, and consequent collapse of the opposition movement, areto be incidents of the immediate future. More than a month ago Mr.Kehoe reluctantly agreed to acceptthe nomination for president of theBurley Tobacco Company if insurgentleaders should find twenty other mensatisfactory to the stockholders oftheir counties to run for places as directors. Up to the present time onlyone man has announced, and Mr. Kehoe's refusal to be kept in suspenselonger could be construed as justifiable. Many believe that Mr. Kehoe- was1deceived as to the dimensions of theopposition movement and the popularity of the demand for a candidate.It is pointed out by friends of theorganization that he cannot have overlooked the fact that his conditionalcandidacy has in five weeks been followed by no show of enthusiasm evenin his own ranks; also that the ruralpress of the .burley district, with theexception of several papers whichhave criticised it, has utterly ignoredhis announcement. Halving beenprominent in politics for many yearsand having been defeated more thanonce, the ex-congressman could be expected to "read signs" with accuracy. Analysis of his first and only speechof the opposition campaign at "Williamstown shows no bid for supportbeyond the ranks of a variable element who for first one reason andthen another have waged guerilla warfare against the company for severalyears.Exploded Charges Renewed."1 felt interested enough to go fortymiles to hear Jim's first and onlyspeech," said J. F. ("Uncle Joe") Walton, of Fayette county, a former Mason county citizen and long a friendof Mr. Kehoe. "I have always likedhim, and I gave him credit for havingsome sound reason to offer for takingup the cause of the complainers.After hearing his talk I came to theconclusion that he had not postedhimself about the tobacco situation atall."Why, if he had kept up with eventshe would have- known that every criticism he made had been exploded longago, and those charges of mismanagement disproved. He ought to haveknown that two months ago in Kentoncounty Judge Harbeson heard all thatbuncomb and found only grounds tocommend the management. I don'tknow what has got into Jim. He is asmart man and ought to be postedabout such things, even if he doesn'tknow anything about the tobaccobusiness.Bar to Speculators."It was a pretty speech and he is afine orator, but sakes alive, what aplatform! No tobacco grower couldbe fooled about that decision of thecourt of Appeals. Every one of themwho is not looking for a pretext onwhich to hang a grievance knows whythe founders of the Burley TobaccoCompany, advised by the best lawyersin the State, put a clause in the charter providing that poolers .and notrnifcirlprs whn mierht. SRP.iirfi Rt.oo.k5 should vote. The only reason, maybe, why Mr. Kehoe was not one ofthose who wrote that in the charteris because he quit befort it was done.If thatbar hadn't been put up speculators might have secured enoughstock to have sold out the organization before this time, And that thisorganization is of benefit to the farmers and safe only so long as theythemselves control it, is just as truetoday as it was then.Real Hope of Competitors."A great many people seem to thinkthat the trust would like to get holdof this business for what the company owns and to remove it as acompetitor in the manufacture of tobacco. These considerations do notamount to a hill of b6ans when youlook deeper into the matter. Whatmakes every other manufacturing concern an enemy of the Burley TobaccoCompany is that in the last five yearsthis oreanization has made them Davfor the tobacco they were compelledto have to run their factories overiifty million dollars more than theywould have had to pay for the leaf ifthere had been no organization. Inthe next five years the growers willget another fifty millions more thanthey would have received when theywere defenselass. This is reason! enough for our competitors to de-voutly hope for, the disruption of tho'organization, and should be 'incentive' enough to hold the growers in solidphalanx behind their business. t ,What Failure Would Mean.The tnterests that have stirredtrouble for the burley company donot want to buy it out necessarily.That would be a costly thing, even iiJspeculators could secure control..What the trust hoped for was thedestruction of the movement througha flood of suits aided by such internaldiscord as could be fomented. Whalcompetitors now hope for is that theorganization will fall into hands thaiwould make its failure certain. Theonly reason why those who are trying to get control of it now will nolmake a failure of running the business is that they will make a failureof the attempt to get control. Thaicrowd couldn't make a success of anything that involved the support oireasonable men. I don't believe MrKehoe is going to allow them to writehis name on their ticket In fact, 1do not believe that they will offer aticket. Growers of tobacco do nolcare even to hear the personal grievances of those who have been fighting this organization, and they willnot help self-seekers to grind theiiaxes.Ignorant of the Business."A striking contrast is presentedwhen the men now in control of theburley company are compared with thegroup who are attacking them. Amongthe leaders of the sorehead outfithere is not one who knows anythingabout the buying or selling or manufacture of tobacco. They are well upin politics, a surprising number of themare lawyers, several are doctors and afew are bankers. About the only menin the crowd who could claim to knowanything about tobacco are some pinhookers and stock speculators."Pretty crowd this to put in chargeof a business established by forty thousand growers, already, the greatest independent farmers' 'concern in theworld and destined in a few years tobe the most powerful factor in the tobacco industry. ,Group of Experts."Who are the men these agitatorsare criticising? No lawyers or doctorsor politicians or adventurers there.Every man of them is an expert,schooled in the tobacco business aagrower, handler and marketer, "with asuccessful factory already testifyingto their ability. A set of men betterequipped with practical knowledge andthorough experience can't be gotten together. They have been tried andproved. They do not have to be askedwhat they are going to do. They canpoint to what they have done. Themen who ask to be put in may thinkthat they will not have to show something they too have done, but everyman who knows farnWs kiows alscthat not only will the seekers for office be put to the acid test but alsctheir backers. Motives are bein?studied without passion, and I'd hateto be in a crowd that was under aswide suspicions as are these selfstyled 'reorganizationists' today."Preparing for Election.J. M. Rankin and W. T. Loomis havebeen busy with preparations for theelection of officers of the Burley Tobacco Company which, as commissioners of the Kenton circuit court,they will conduct. Notices of themeeting of stockholders have appearedin the papers specified in JudgeTracy's order. Certificates of stockare being issued in exchange for warehouse receipts as fast as they canbe made out. Transfers all will havebeeri recorded by October 7, and stockwill be voted by the person whomthe stork ledger shows to have beenthe owner on that date. From mostof the counties in the district committees will vote the stock in pools,but the stipulation of the court thatthe meeting shall take place in thecompany's great warehouse on SouthBroadway will encourage many to attend and vote their stock in person.It is probable, therefore, that the attendance at the meeting November Gwill be very large.Regret Over Postponement.While the management .of the company feel certain that the postponement of the election a month by JudgeTracy will swell and solidify the rankswho will vote for the perpetuation ofthe organization, they regret exceedingly that the period in which hurtfulagitation may be continued has beenextended. "Business suffers from unrest, and expansion and progress arehandicapped. Various improvementsin warehouse facilities and the addition of sale houses to handle this year'scrop demand attention. The policy ofthe executive committee was to handthese matters over to the board tohave been elected October 7, and theyentered a vigorous protest against thechange in date. It will now be necessary for the management to decidewhether or not the interests of the business require that contracts for improvements shall be entered at onceso that the enlarged facilities may beready to handle this crop.Tho Back Tax Suits.Many stockholders will hope thatamong developments of Jhe week maybe a settlement of the forty-five backtax claims brought in the name of thestate. The acceptance of the resignation of John Howard, revenue agentfor the state at large, who brought thecults, and notification of Judge LouisApperson, his attorney, that his services would not be required further, hasput Auditor H. M. Bosworth in a position to consider any proposal for a settlement that may be made. .Thesesuits', in which almost a million dollarsin taxes and $176,745.15 in fees weresought, have tied up over three hundred and fifty thousand dollars belonging to the growers. This can be distributed just as soon as a settlementis effected. In the trial of the firstof the suits it was established .that theBurley TobaccoSociety, an organization without a cent of capital, waspurely a selling agent, without authority to list the tobacco it handled or theproceeds ; that it was the duty of growers to list their property and pay taxesJn the county of their residence, andthat as far as the evidence showed, allof the property in question had beenassessed and the tax paid in the fortyfive counties.A Human Match FactoryThe body contains phosphorus sufficinfclomake 483,000 matches. PHoc-phorus is one of fourteen elements composing t!ie body divided among-bones, flesh, nervous ryjtem and other orga.?. Tn?. perfect health of bodyrequires a perfect balance cf the element'-,. These elements come from thfood we eat the stomach extracts and distributes tnem.But if stomach is deranged th-; balance of halth is drtroyed and theblood does not carry the proper elements to the different organs, and thereis blood troub's nerve troubleheart trouble. Pai ij the hungry cry cfstarved organs. Put the liver, stomach and'ergans cf digestion an J nutrition into a condition of health. That is just what i3 done byDS. FIESCE'SGOLDEN MEDICAL DISCOVERYwhich has been so favorably kno'vn for over 43 years. It i now put up intablet form, as well a; Hoti'd, and ran be obtained of medicine dealerseverywhere or by mail by sending 50 cenio in Iz stamps fcr trial boxaddress R.V. Pierce, ML D., Buffa.o, N.Y.THE GOKKiOa SENSE SKOAL ADVISERis a book of 1008 pa'Jes handsome! bound in cloth treatsof Physiology Hygiene, Ann to ny, l'l'Ucnp mtl is a cor-irleteHome Physician 5snJ CJ3L, 1- &ii2pt. w A. t.Px..ri.e,3.iL.i! .i.Y.F2-ZfM&-t r-TTiT rrnmHot FactsPIf you have been a housekeeper any lengthof time you have probably tried different kindsof COAL. And after all kinds of experiences and complaints you know there is justone kind of FUEL that gives absolute satisfaction always, that is Fox RidgeCoal. Remember you cannot order tooearly to avoid the high priees.Dodon & Denton&The HomeYards, South Main St.QfesQtegX3sSs,sxQ&K3gCTfcASKwho has one,.ephone works1. Sells My Products 4. Protects the Home2. Gets Best Prices 5. Helps the Housewife3. Brings Supplies 6. Increases Profits.7. Pays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet.For information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated.! HandsomeTwin B1. DepaCorner SeventhIt is not only lightning-proof but fire-proof andstorm-proof, too.CORTRIGHT METAL SHINGLESlast as long as the building and never neprJ rrrt I 1 fjusr. me ining tor town or countryL meet every condition of comfort, beauty and security.trI4'iForBest & Hawkins,faR'g8Etf"Ie85S-: vE--jSrrn inriCCTrni1 " ' nuAbout Fuel!1of Good Coal ABoth Phones"140vTHE FARMERwhat wonders the Cumberland Tel Ifor him. He will reply:gLadies, Take a Look !ATTwin Bros. Department Store.New Arrival ofL3dies' Stylish Fall Suits, Coats, Skirts,Waists, Millinery, Shoes, Etc,Drygoods and Fall Drygoodsand Silks.Call Innmem Stoieand Main Sts.w.obuikhncs. hra,,eo fUdSale by- -Milfersbur?, Ky,. , .','- iv e. ' .?-. ' '$$&. ,jt-fSto":. a. tVej:J-V.AA1 ' . -pr "ri1HL BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1913--- '" . mmf- fcv4rcS $35,000 KiftH PURSES KH"SATANISA COMING TO THECOLUMBIA NEXT THURSDAYfKENTUCKY T. H. B. ASSOCIATIONOCT. 6 TO 18, 1913F$ 5,000 TWO-YEAR-OLD FUTURITY,.m mam. TynirniTTirrrr TTTrrTTrTTTr 1 IN "?ZI,lnrtJ AfclUUlhl ruiuxs.il I -year-oiaj$ 3,000 FREE-FOR-ALL PACE, -$ 5,000 TRANSYLVANIA, - w - "'$10,500 CHAMPIONSHIP STALLION STAKE,$ 3,000 CASTLETON CUP, - - -rMonday. .-4 Oct 6Tuesday, ' Oct. 7Wednesday, Oct. 8Thursday, i Oct. frFriday, A Oct 10.!, Tuesday, m Oct. 14A BIG STAKE EVERY DAYWeber's Prize Band of AmericaOne Fare RAILROAD RATES One Fare(From the Indianapolis Star.)"People who like the best to be hadin moving pictures -were not disappointed in seeing the big feature production, 'Satan, or The Drama of Humanity,' at the Park Theatre thisweek. . The picture is excellent inphotographic art, with clearness ofdetail, a picturesque handling andgrouping of characters, with a commend dramatis illustration of thestory, and so simple that a child canunderstand. Some might think bythe title that the picture would bewearisome or gruesome, but it is not.It tells a story from the beginning oftime up to the present day, showingthe workings of the evil spirit in theojcupie, mivi an wnu hough lu 1110 uwii-CJ(CU WU1UO U.11U. pUJlllIDlO UUlllC IU UCspair and destruction. Step by stepthe story winds its way from the timeSatan did battle with God and wascast from Heaven through all ages upto our modern times. Mario, thegentleman who ilays Satan, the leading part, wrote the scenario of thestory and is the director of the company.and is most remarkable for amoving picture actor. His acting isperfect and interesting at all times,and' one never becomes tired of hisever prominence in the picture. Asspectacular, the picture is grand; asa story, it will hold your strict attention throughout, while many thrillsand climaxes are in the play. Itteaches a great lesson and a bettersermon would be hard to find in moving pictures. The fourth act takeson the coloring of modern times 6ftoday. Satan prompts a wealhy ironmaster to steal the sweetheart of oneof the workingmen. This purloiningof Grace leads to the murder of theironmaster and afterward a strikeamong his employes. A pursuit ofthe assassin, a bombardment of hisstronghold, an explosion, and wholesale destruction, with the spirit ofSatan fading into the ruins. Lighting a cigarette, he gloats over hisevil work."This great picture will be presented at the Columbia Theatre on nextThursday,Sept. 25. Admission, 10cand 20c. Never before shown atthese prices.STOCK ID H NOTESThe closed season for rabbits andsquirrels began Monday and ends onNov. 15.Green Leer, of near Millersburg,sold -his farm of 125 acres last weekto Mrs. Ode Royse for her children,Harry and Margaret, at a private pice,which is said to b about $135 peracre.J. C. Ellis, of Clark county, oneof the largest tobacco growers in theState makes the following suggestionto the growers, which he claims willsave them thousands of dollars. Mr.Ellis says instead of cutting the tobacco because the bottom leaves arefiring that these leaves- be pulled offtand saved, thus allowing the topleaves to ripen fully before the cutting is done. Mr. Ellis has beenover North and South Carolina andclaims that it is a practice there thathas never been used in Kentucky, andwill save the growers here many dollars. He says the best time to gatherthese leaves is in the morning whenthe sun is low.STRENGTHEN WEAK KIDNEYS.TheAmericanAddingMachineThe Latest AdderCosts But $35See our exhibit ask for10 days trialHere is a new price on a competent Adder. On a machine thatis rapid, full size and infallib'eThe very latest machine, builtby men who know how, in onelit the largest metal-working shopsIt is an individual Adder, to beplaced on one's desk, close to one'sfcoks and papers. To take theplace of the central machine, requiring skilled operators.The price is due to utter simplicity, and to our enormous output. Seven keys do all the work.Each copied number isshown up for checking be- Ifore the addition is maae.The machine will add, subtract and multiply. With veryslight practice anyone cancompute a hundred figures aminute. And the machinenever makes mistakes.Countless offices, large andsmall, are getting from thesemachines the highest class ofservice.ImiMTSaSSftj Iff yaB?HiWfefefwSISllIullp illJJI&iSiy If JDon't suffer longer with weak kidneys. . You can get prompt relief bytaking Electric Bitters, that wonderful remedy praised by women everywhere. Start with a bottle today, youwill soon feel like a new woman withambition to work, without' fear ofpain. Mr. John Dowling, of San Francisco, writes: "Gratitude for the wonderful effect of Electric Bittersprompts me to write. It cured mywife when all else failed." Good forthe liver as well. Nothing better forindigestion or biliousness. Price 50c.and $1.00, at L. Oberdorfer and W. T.Brooks. (Sept)It Always Helpssays Mrs. Sylvania Woods, of Clifton Mills, Ky., inwriting of her experience with Cardui, 'the woman'stonic She says further: "Before 1 began to useCardui, my back and head would hurt so bad, Ithought the pain would kill me. 1 was hardly ableto do any of my housework. After taking three bottlesof Cardui, I began to feel like a new woman. I soongained 35 pounds, and now, I do all my housework,as well as run a big water mill.I wish every suffering woman would giveCARDUIThe Woman's Tonica trial. I still use Cardui when I feel a little bad,and it always does me good."Headache, backache, side ache, nervousness,tired, worn-out feelings, etc., are sure signs of womanly trouble. Signs that you need Cardui, the woman'stonic. You cannot make a mistake in trying Carduifor your trouble. It has been helping weak, ailingwomen for more than fifty years.Get a Bottle Today!JMAmerican salmon in the fresh waters of Tasmania are prospering wonderfully. Some of them- increasedin weight from two ounces to fourpounds in twenty-four days.IDOL OF FRANKFORTBASEBALLFANS DIES.Now we make this offer so thatoffices everywhere may lear whatthis machine means to them.1 0 Days' TestWe will gladly place in anyoffice one American Adder for aThere will be no obligation,ten-days' test,and charges will be prepaid.Combpare it with any non-lister-eventhe costliest. Let anyone use it. See if any machinecan serve better than this.Just send us this coupon andwe'll send the machine.Please send us an American Adding Machine for ten days' free trial.Brookline, Mass., said to be therichest town in the world per capita,does not permit moving pictures. Thechildren of wealthy parents must findother amusement. They know nothing of the delights of the "movies."NameStreet AddressEAT CABBAGE, FISH,SAUSAGE, NEW BREAD'Pape'cWhenDiapepsin" Digests FoodStomach Can't Cures Indigestion.CityStateManufactured audlGuaranteed byAMERICAN CAN COMPANY, CHICAGOSold by Joseph Candiulo Co., Lexington, Ky.Do some foods you eat hit backtaste good, but work badly; fermentinto stubborn lumps and cause a sick,sour, gassy stomach? Now, Mr. orMrs. Dyspeptic, jot this down: Pape'sDiapepsin digests everything, leavingnothing to sour and upset you. Therenever was anything co safely quick,so certainly effective. No differencehow badly your stomach is disordered you will get happy relief in fiveminutes, but what pleases you mostis that it strengthens and regulatesyour stomach, so you can eat your favorite foods wittfout fear.Most remedies give you relief sometimes they are slow, but not sure."Pape's Diapepsin" is quick, positiveand puts your stomach in -a healthycondition so the misery won't comeback.You feel different as soon as"Pape's Diapepsin" comes in contactwith the stomach distress just vanishes your stomach gets sweet, nogases, no belching, no eructations ofundigested food, your head clears andyou feel fine.Go now, make the best investmentyou ever made, by getting a largefifty-cent case of Pape's Diapepsinfrom any drug store. You realize infive minutes how needless it is tosuffer from indigestion, dyspepsia orstomach disorder.Ollie Gfroerer, who managed thepennant winning team of the Frankfort Blue Grass team last year, diedTuesday in Louisville, after a shortilless of liver trouble and malaria. Hewas taken suddenly ill last Fridayand removed to Norton Infirmary.Gfroerer broke into baseball fifteenyears ago and since that time he hasplayed in many leagues. During thepast five years he has won two pennants: one for Frankfort ond one forMcLeasboro, Illinois.Gforerer was well known in Paris,where he has played with his team,while the Paris team was a memberof the Blue Grass League.IZlWMlWMl.'Mi.WWDWLWSATwiii Bros.' Department Store701-703 Main Street, Corner SeventhWILL PROLONG STAY.Mr. A. R. Johns, the expert photograper, who came here early in thesummer for a few weeks' stay at Norman's studio, will on account of theimmens amount of work on hand,be compelled to prolong his stay untilafter Christmas. Those who desirework done should have their sittingemade at once, as the work will befinished in the order they are filed.(16-tf)See Our Window For$12.50, $15.00 and $18.00 SuitedReduced to TV-&$9.98These Suits are in the latest styles and colors and areexcellent values. Take a look at them. We also have afull line of Shoes, Hats, Caps, Shirts and everything th .Men and Boys wear. 'TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'TL. Wollstein, Propri or.A modern Chnises tradebeen formed in Shanghaigoldsmiths and silversmiths.union hasby 3,000SAFEST LAXATIVE FOR WOMEN.Nearly every woman needs a goodlaxative. Dr. King's New Life Pillsare good because they are prompt,safe, and do not cause pain. Mrs. M.C. Dunlap, of Leadill, Tenn., says:"Dr. King's New Life Pills helped mytroubles greatly." v Price 25c. Recommended by L Oberdorfer and W. T.Brooks. (Sept)Pans Odorless Cleaning Co.Men's and Ladies' Suits Cleaned,Pressed and Repaired.Ladies' Serge White Suits and Fancy Silks' our specialty.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and -Straw Hats CleanedReblocked to your satisfaction.For and Deliver Work.andWe CallCall up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co.,JSam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25ciState of Ohio, City of ToledoLucas CountyPrank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm of F.J. Cheney & Co., doing business in theCity of Toledo, County and Stateaforesaid, and that said fifm will paythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each and every case ofCatarrh that cannot be cured by theuse of HALL'S CATARRH CURE.FRANK J. CHENEYSworn to before me and subscribedin my presence, this 6th day of December, A. D., 1886.(Seal) A. W. GLEASON, .t Notary Public.Hall's Catarhh Cure is taken internally and acts directly upon theblood and mucous surfaces of the system. Send for testimonials, free.Sold by all druggists, 75 c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (Sept)Metal shavings and cuttings arenow pressed into brick form and madeuse of in iron smelting.DO YOU FEAR CONSUMPTION?Approximately 50 -per cent, of Japan's exports of hats and caps consistof imitation Panama hats, more than50 per cent, of the foreign sales of thelatter going to the United States.No matter how chronic your coughor how severe your throat or lungailment is, Dr. King's New Discoverywill surely help you; it may save yourlife. Stillman Green, of Malichite,Col., writes: "Two doctors said that Ihad consumption and could not liv.etwo years. I used Dr. King's New Discovery and am alive and well." Yourmoney refunded if it fails to benefityou. The best home remedy forcolds, coughs, throat and lungtroubles. Price 50 cents, and $1.00.Guaranteed by L. Oberdorfer and W.T. Brooks. . (Sept)IF CHILD ISCROSSFEVERISH AND SICKLook, Mother!'. .If Tongue is CoatedGive "California Syrup ofFigs.Special Rates &' Excursions.Eucursion'to Cincinnati, Ohio,and returnSunday, Sept 2$$1.50 ROUND TRIPThis train leaves Paris at 7:50 a.m., arriving Cincinnati 10:30 a.m., returning leaves Fourth St.station, Cincinnati, at i tp. m.Tickets good on specialiitrainonly.Low round-trip Summer Tourist tickets to all Summer resortsin the North and Northwest onsale May 15 to Sept. 30. Finallimit date 31, 1913, with liberalstop-over privileges.For further information, callon or address.W. H HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, TM.Curtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3More than three hundrededitors make less than $12from their labors.Missouria weekDON'T LET BABY SUFFER WITHECZEMA AND SKIN ERUPTIONSGEO. W. DAVISFUNEKAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMELBOTH'PHONES-lJAl! 137; NIGH? 399.-Babies need a " perfect skin-covering.Skin eruptions cause them notonly intense suffering,, but hinder thegrowth. Dr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment can be relied on for relief andpermanent cure of suffering babieswhose skin eruptions have made theirlives miserable. "Our baby was afflicted with a breaking out of the skinall over the face and scalp. Doctorsand skin specialists failed to help.We tried Dr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment and were overjoyed to see thebaby completely cured before one boxwas used," writes Mrs. Strubler, Dubuque, Iowa. All druggists, or bymail, 50c. (Sept)PFEIFFER CHEMICAL COMPANY,St. Louis, Mo. Philadelphia, Pa. iHotExpert BarbersPolite Attentionand Cold J Baths at AHTC.-S3KHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Pat'onage Solicited.iMew Barber ShoWindsor Hotel.Children love this "fruit laxative,"and nothing else cleanses the tenderstomach, liver and bowels so nicely.A child simply will not stop playing,to empty the bowels, and the result isthey become tightly clogged withwaste, the liver gets sluggish, stomach sours, then your little one becomes cross, half-sick, feverish, don't!eat, sleep or act naturally, breath isbad, system is full of cold, has sorethroat, stomach-ache or diarrhoea.Listen, ' Mother! See if tongue iscoated then give a teaspoonful of"California Syrup of Figs," and in afew hours all the constipated waste,sour bile and undigested food passesout of the system, and you have awell, playful child again.Millions of mothers give "California Syrup of Figs" because it is per-tectiy narmless; children 'love it, andit never fails to act on the stomach,liver, and bowels.Ask your druggist for a 50-cent bottle of "California Syrup of Figs,"which has full directions for babies,children of all age- and for grownups plainly printed on the bottle. Beware of counterfeits sold here. Getthe genuine, made by "California FigSyrup Company." Refuse any otherkind with cemtempff. fPILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENT"Will cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching Piles.It absorbs the tumors, allays itching at once,acts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and 31.00. yWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.Modern Equipment, wPolite'Service.D""(IRotfe" mm !bc Insurance AgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub a'Cail.. 2Hellori37 r r- 4 'Everything Sanitary.Children's "Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDSpecial Prices ForBeef Hides Until .Further Notice5&-a"- nf:We pay 121-2c for greenbeef hides. Call us jipor bring it to our place.MAXMLNICK,8h Street, PARI?, fc.-l .Call East Tenn. Phdne 3?42rr.;,-CTHE BOUfcBON NEWS, ' PARIST KY., SEPTEMBER 23, 1913attThe Bourbon NewsHsUblifihed Feb. 1, 188LMODEL ROAD MOVEMENTSTARTED IN NICHOLAS COUNTYOOURBON HORSES STILL MAKEGREAT SHOW ON CIRCUIT.rU.j,Pine Knot, the -three-year-old trotting gelding belonging to Mr. Charlton Alexander, of this cty, won theton Alexander, of this city, won the111., last week, in straight heats, thebest time being 2:11&. Pine Knot,who is a Futurity candidate, hasbeen showing well during the pastaprominent contender in th e Kentucky classic.At Detroit, Friday, Peter Billiken,owned by W. A. Bacon, of Washington C. H., Ohio, formerly of thiscity, won a 2:11 trot in straightheats. The purse was valued at$1,000, and was the second he haswon during the week.FALL MILLINERY DISPLAYTke movement at Carlisle for aji rnir fmm Millersburir toSharpsburg via Carlisle, is at a fever several weeks and is regarded asiestt as the result of a letter receivedby Judge James Mitchell from Congressman , Fields, which indicatesthat funds will probably be availableior government aid of the enterprise.The letter from Congressman Fieldsstates that the North Carolina fund-will not be available for the Kentuckyproposition, as the former State willuse the appropriation, but that hefinds that the department ;now has$4,200 available for road work, and"that other sums will be coming intothat fund by October 1 and it is believed that the Nicholas county people will have a good chance to securetheir appropriation out of these funds.A mass meeting of the citizens wasneld in Carlisle Saturday afternoon,waen definite plans were made andsubscriptions taken for the localsaoney for the building of the road.Interest is so great that a numberf large subscriptions have alreadybeen assured. It is said that thebuilding of the model road from MLSterling to Sharpsburg, which isalready assured, and this road fromSharpsburg via Carlisle to Millers-burg, will make one of the longest-stretches of model road in the country, as the roads from Millersburg toParis,. Lexington, Versailles, Frankfort, ShelbyviHe and Louisville arenow good.Strictly up-to-the-minute fashionsin Fall millinery. New trimmer from,one of the largest Eastern houses?Date of opening, September 25 and26. Beautiful showing of real beavers,clipped beaver, velours, hatters plushin all tiie new shades and shapes.Beautiful line of novelties in extremepatterns.(19-2t) MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.NINETY-YEAR-OLDYOUNG ENOUGH FOR CIRCUS$300,000 PLUM DANGLEDBEFORE SUN POLICYHOLDERSInspectors for the State InsuranceDepartment will go to New Yorkabout the first of the year to get alist of policyholders in the old SunLife Insurance Co., of Louisville, whoentitled to the paid-up value of theirinsurance, having paid the premiumsfor five years. This company was absorbed by the Metropolitan.Several months ago Insurance Comimissioner Clay undertook to securesuch aTlist, and was enjoined by thecompany, which 'agreed to prepare alist and advertise it itself. Commissioner Clay desired to bring the listback and file it in the department"kere. Judge Stout, ,;i the FranklinCircuit Court, held that the Commissioner has a right to get the list.The amount due Kentucky policyholders, who numbered several thousand,is not' known, but it is estimated askigh as $300,000.SHALL CHINESE BOY GO TOWHITE OR COLORED SCHOOLWhen a circus exhibited at Scottsville, Ky., recently one of the mostinterested spectators under the bigtent was Uncle Thomas Goodman,aged 90, whohad driven a distance offifteen miles irom his home at Fountain Run, in Monroe county. Formore than half a century Mr Goodmankept an inn and sustained a reputation for supplying the best meals tobe found in Kentucky.Gov. Thomas E. Bramblett, Gov.P. H. Leslie, Judge John M. Harlanand Gov James B. McCreary wereamong the distinguished group ofpoiiticians who made their headquarters at Uncle Thomas' hostelrywhen in that section of the State, andout of hundreds who were entertainedby him in the old days Gov. McCrearyis said to be the-ple survivor.Mr. Goodman has voted for seventeen presidential candidates and is aDemocrat.FALL OPENING.Our Fall opening this year will beheld on September 25 and 26. Handsome display of tli very latest pattern hats and novelties. Stunningstyles in real beaver, velour, hattersplush, clipped beaver. All shades,shapes and prices. You are invitedto call. v(19-2t) . MRS. CORNET W. BAIRD.vA HH 1 1 oPUnr v W we'll flLLjs 1" ! . 'J XfI! fall Fashion Week-Sept 29th to Oct 4th N . Vo 2 Nrv5i::CINCINNATI FASHION WEEKSEPTEMBER 29 OCTOBER 4Think, for just a minute, of every live retail store in Cincinnatimaking a display AT THE SAME TIME of the new season's newest,best, smartest, most authoritative styles and models.To see this tremendous co-operative display means much toevery man and woman.Make your plans to be in Cincinnati during FASHION WEEK.The city will be ablaze with decorations ard the stores will bestocked and adorned as never before. -.Remember These bates-SEPT. 29 to OCT. 4A confession that the Kentucky Attorney-General'sstaff cannot determine whether Superintendent H. p.Sloss, of the Covington Public Schoolmay send the Chinese hoy who entered the public schools there, to thenegro or white schools, may be givento State Superintendent BarksdaleHamlett in a few days. The questionis entirely new in Kentucky. Theconstitution and the statutes dealonly with the white and the negroschools. In he case of this Chinesehoy an international question is involved. When Assistant Attorney-GeneralLogan was asked what would he hisdecision in the case, he replied:"I don't know. It's a questionSOLE AGENTS.We are sole agents in Paris for thefamous, "Belle Meade Sweets," thebest box candies in the world. Atrial box will make you a regular customer. Received fresh every week.(23-2t) VARDEN & SON.MATINEE FOR "PASSING SHOWOF 1912" BOOKEDOwing to the heavy demand forseats for "The Passing Show of 1912",the management of the Ben Ali, atLexington, arranged late Saturdaynight to give a special matinee Wednesday, September z4. This matinee1 1 is given in order to accommodate -theThe Best in the WorldTheThedon't know anything about, and what i many persons who have applied foriis the use of saying that the question seats and were unable to obtain thewill he solved when there is no law in j seats they desired.this State bearing on the question. Ihave not given the question thoroughW-- study yet, hut so far I have not beenable to una any law or autnonty onthe question."He is of the opinion that the boyis entitled to go to school, and theand the only difficulty is where toyfc Noplace him. In the constitution thePi word "colored" when applied toschool children in the statutes of thisState means negro children.NEW CHAPTER INHISTORY OF MEDICINEItNew and red-lettered pages werewritten into the history of medicalscience this year at London, accordingto Dr. John B. Murphy, back in Chicage from the sessions of the International Medical Congress at London.Among the more important discoveries arethe following:Science can prove absolutely hereafter whether hlood stains left on thescene of a crime are those of animalsr human heigs, a matter of guesskeretofore.While the chemical composition ofhuman hlood has been found distinctlydifferent from any other known formf animate life, the aiood of the chimpanzee more closely resembles thatof man than does the blood of j)theranimals, being the first material confrmationof Darwin's theory of evolution ever brought out by science.Cross-breeding of mice subject tocancer has developed a species immune from the disease. This is thei rst time experimenters have everdeveloped immunity from the diseaseand offers medical history's first hopethat humanity may be made immunefrom the scourge.We are the sole aeents in Paris forfthe famous "Belle Meade Sweets."the best box candies in the world. Atrial box will make you a regular customer. Received fresh everf week.(23-2t) VARDEN & SON.YOU WILL BE PLEASED.Cet shoe satisfaction by traing at(I8-tf) PELD'S.-t;,STOCK ANO FARM NOTESDanville Messenger: "Sheriff B.-. Fox has this week bought probablythe largest bunch of mule colts evertaken over in one lot. He represented Joe Kindig, of Pennsylvania, T. B.Boaaer, of Tennessee, and Col. R. G.Xvams, of Danville. He bought 239head at prices fairly good forvthis dry:aoa. They were purchased inJtoyle, Mercer and Anderson counties.Tour loads hav been sent to Kindigjuid one to T&nnesee. Col. Evans hasIMit eighty head on one of his Boylepaty farms."The prices for the matinee will beas follows: First twelve rows of thelower floor $1.50; remainder of thelower floor $1.00-; balcony 75 centsand $1.00. Orders for seats to thespecial matinee should be sent toGeorge M. Kiser, representing thetheatre in this city, who will havethem reserved, or to the managementof the Ben Ali theatre, at Lexington.The seat sale is now on, and the reservations are being made rapidly.PICKLEING TIMEWe have all the ingredients formak-ing pickle, spices, vinegar, cauliflower, cucumbers, white onions, etc.(It) C. P. COOK & COHiggin All-MetalScreens,Higgin All-MetalWeather Strip.Distributors of the Walger NewcTWodel AwningThe Best Awning Ever Put UpSuitable For Residences, Office and Hotel Buildings,SchooP Houses, Etc.iSome of Our Customers in Paris Massie Hospital A. .J. Winters, Geo. Alexander, N. F. Brent, J. W. Davis,Deposit Bank, T. H. Clay, Mitchell & Blakemore and dozens of others.Our Sales Agents will gladly furnish an estimate foryou. Get the Higgin service and be satisfied.T. A. Hendricks,Our Gathering of New FallApparel is Indeed Alluring.No woman with the true Fashion-instinct for beautywill be able to resist the appeal of this collection of newFall Suits, Coats, Dresses, etc. The charm and becomingness of styles, the elegance and aristocratic appearance ofthe various garments and their irreproachably high qualityform a combination that cannot fail to galvanize yourattention.These lovely Suits, Coats, Dresses, etc., come fromthe country's style-centers from the hands of America'smost famous designers and makers. Many are exact replicas of original Paris fashions; all are extremely beautiful whether they were designed in America or in Paris.This gathering really amounts to a complete review oftke new Fall styles, for it embraces every new fashion thathas been approved by the country's fashion critics. Comenow to Wolf, Wile & Co.'s if you wish to view the mostbrilliant style exposition in Lexington.What the New Suits Are LikeImported three. piece models are here, as well as everypopular style that is produced in' this country and sanctioned by the fashion authoritiesT Every wanted fabricis represented, in a full range of colors. The coats aremostly three-quarter length, cut-away in front. Skirts areall narrow in effect, some of them showing uplifted drapery at front.$20.00 to $75.00Be Sure to See the New Wool DressesTheir styles are charming, and for general wear, nofiner dresses could be had. Every one is made in anfattractive model some -quite plain, others elaborate. Allare worthy of the highest praise.$8.50 to $25.00Waists to Match the New SuitsOur assortment of waists is very large, and emphasizes every new style, color and design. You win findhere waists that will exactly match your Fall Suit. Thestyle-range and diversity of prices is so broad that you caneasily be satisfied.$2.98 to $15.00Silk Dresses Are Exceptionally LovelyDesigners have surpassed their previous efforts inproducing silk dresses that are lovely to behold and comfortable to wear. The range of silks is broad, and comprises the plain shades, as well as many gorgeous colorcombinations. All of the best styles are represented inour display.$15.00 to $50.00M file o.Formerly Kaufman, Straus Sc Co,Lexington,Ky.&;SalesPhonc258523-sept-tfAgentLexington, Ky.SOLE AGENTS.GREAT FREE-FOR-ALLRACE AT LEXINGTONThe result of the free-for-all paceat Hartford on Labor Day when EarlJr., won in 2:03 and 2:02 afterBraden Direct had taken the first heatin 2:02 (the season's pacing recordwhich has since been equalled by Directum I in a winning race at Syracuse, shows that the pacers of thehighest class are justsjounding intoform and that from now on throughthe season the contests amongstthem will be both bitter 'and thrilling.But after all Lexington will be thereal battle ground for the free-for-allhorses, for there the best ones willget together for the first tnme to dobattle for the Tennessee Stake, witha guaranteed value of $3,000. In thisrace James Butler's sensationalyoung stallion, Directum I, 2:02 ona half-mile track and 2:02 on amile track, will meet the flower of thefree-for-all horses; also Frank Bogash, Jr"2:02, the Chamber of Commerce winner and a horse that isbeaten until the last inch of themile. In addition to these it is almost certain that Evelyn W., 2:00that' has been on the sick list part ofthe season, but is being prepared forthis race, Hal B.r Jr., 2:03, Ess H.Kay, 2:00, Gold Seal, 2:03, andFlower Direct 2:03, will be amongthe starters.VSuch a field of pacershave never before been seen on theAmerican continent and they willcertaily draw a tremendous crowd, toliexington on October 8.THICK WALLS.5TRONG LOCKS,EXUREGUARANTEE .care orYOUR MONEYliiiiiHiImmmmmmM siwmwmm u'mmf, WBKt-Wa let us take'WWW, fflF'"?e--ShIH puci (rigBiiapirIf you come in and see our safes and vaults, and realizehow well equipped we are to take care of your money, it willgive you a very safe feeling when you go to bed at night toknow that fire-or burglars cannot disturb it. If yotf have anymoney matters on which you wish advice, come to us. Wewill be glad to see you in 'Our bank.We refer those who have not banked with us to thosewho HAVE.Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.PREMelons on Ice CantaloupesString BeansFresh Tomatoes Sweet PeasEvergreen CornCucumbersPeachesAll Fresh and NiceSquash- Boiled and Minced HamKeller Grocery CompanyTO BE SOLD FOR STORAGE.Drop Head Singer, $20.Drop Head White, $10.Box Top Singer, $5.627 Main Street,(16-3t) Paris, Ky.FOR SALEOne team horses, 7-year-old, sound,will work any place. Apply toJ. T. MATTOX,(16-3t) at C. P. Cook's.Capital, $100,000.00.J. M. HALL, PRESIDENTSurplus, $40,000.00.Notice to Stockholders.There will be a meeting of thestockholders of the Bourbon CountyAgricultural Society held at the courthouse Saturday afternoon, September27, at 2 o'clock for the purpose ofLOST.Between Henderson street and Duncan avenue a hirt waist and pair of,gold ciiff buttons-. On cuff buttonswas monogram "C. F. I." Reward if7Nreturned to News office.(23-3t)FOR SALE.One new Moore's Heating Stovescheap.(19-4t) NEWTON MITCHELL.FOR SALE.Twenty-four pairs inside shutters-t i -. i i n i -eiepiing a Doara oi directors ior tne white. Sold cheap if disposed of at?ensuing years. A full attendance of once AddIv f othe stockholders of the society is requested.(22-2t) JOS. M. HALL, President.x CANCER CUREDC. K. THOMAS. CashierI guarantee every case I un-,dertake; 20 years practice; 'reference, any citizen of Paris.DR WH. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.(19-3t)SWIFT CHAMPJersey Cows ForSale.Two pure bred Jersey cows "forsale; also some pure bred SouthsDown lambs. Apply fT. M. BTJCKNER,North Middletown. Ky.1 16-3t Cumberland phonei60'mi&V4kAAt -fr -?S-,, !r-j3VVTHq BOURBON NEWS, JPARIS, KyT, SEPTEMBEk 23, 191 3S,M&feyHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADENOTICE.City tax lists for theyear 1913 are now innay hands for collection, at my office atthe Deposit Bank.C. K. TriOIVf AS,City Collector.FREE DEMONSTRATIONDon't fail to attend the free demonstration of "Certified Check" Coffee.at the Fair Store all week. The bestcoffee in the world at a popular price,30c. See next issue of the BourbonNews for advertisement.FOR PICKLING.Cauliflower, white onions, cucumhers, spices and pickling vinegar.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.Tobacco insurance.23. 4t ROXEE DAVES.WILL COMMENCE ASSESSMENT.Mr. George W. Judy has been engaged by Assessor McClintock tota e the assessment of the propertyc ners of Clintonville and Hutchison: ecincts. Mr. Judy requests theople of these precincts to be prered to give in their lists promptlyhen he calls, which will be in thexext few days.FALL MILLJNERY DISPLAYStrictly up-to-the-minute fashionsIn Fall Milinery. IStew trimmer fromone of the largest Eastern wholesalehouses. Date of opening, SeptemberJ.5, 26. Beautiful showing of realheavers, clipped beaver, velours, hatters plush in all the new shades andshapes. Beautiful line of noveltiesin extreme patterns.(19-2tX$IItS. CORNE W. BAIRDIT'S RIGHT.If it comes from Davis it is rightright in style, right in -price and rightin quality. (It)BOURBONCOUNTY INSTITUTETO BEGIN OCTOBER 6The annual meeting of the BourbonCounty Teachers' Institute will beheld in this city beginning October 6.The sessions of the institute will beheld in the court house. Prof. A. S.McKenzie, head of the department ofpedagogy at the Kentucky State University, will conduct the institute,and an excellent program has been arranged for the occasion. All countyteachers are requested to attend.SOLE AGENTS.We are the sole agents in Paris forthe famous "Belle Meade Sweets,"the best box candies in the world. Atrial box will make you a regular customer. Received fresh every week.(23-2t VARDEN & SONTHREE DRAW FINES INJUDGE JANUARY'S COURTIn Judge January's Court Friday,Thomas Jackson was fined $12.50 andgiven thirty days in jail for disorderlyconduct on an L. & Nr passengertrain. Jackson was also given tendays in jail and fined $27.50 on acharge of carrying concealed deadlyweapons..John Henry Trigg was fined $10 for-"being drunk and disorderly, and JohnPayne, of Memphis, Tenn., was ordered to leave town on account ofmisdemeanors. "SEED WHEAT, RYE ANDTIMOTHY.Ohio Eultz Seed Wheat,Northern Seed Rye, fancyquality Timothy Seed.We have large stocks ofthe above at market prices.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(19-4t)MISCREANT HURLS'ASTONE THROUGH CAR.As the result of the crashing of astone though the front window ofan interurban car which left this city SSaturday morning at 9 o'clock andwas due in Lexington one hour later,Motorman J. R. Anv3rson was cut onthe face in several places by flyingparticles of glass.The car was going at a lively rateas it approached stop 31 and -withoutwarning the missile crashed throughthe window and rolled out throughthe screen door. The car was backed for a distance of nearly 200 yardswith a view bf identifying the miscreant, but he had disappeared.MYERS PROPERTY SELLS FORAGGREGATE OF $10,105.One of the largest real estate transactions made in this city in sometime was that of the sale of the prop--ertyof Mrs. Nancy Myers, Saturday.The sate was made for a division ofthe estate among the heirs and included some very desirable city property. The home place, on Mt. AiryAvenue, a modern two-story framestructure, was sold to Dr. WilliamKenney for $4,500. A storeroom withcottage adjoining, located on Secondstreet, was purchased by A. T. Ricefor $1,500. Cottage No 1, on Lilieston Avenue, was also purchased byMr. Rice for $1,200. Cottage No. 2,same, for $1,800, and the third cottagewas sold to Mr. L. T. Lilleston for$1,225. The real estate sold foranaffereirate of $19,105. The sale wasConducted by .the Lfirm of HarrisSpakes:SOCIAL AND PERSONAL.Mxv H. JSeaton was a visitorin Lexington yesterday.Mr. Harry Minter is convalescentafter a severe attack of typhoid fever. Mrs. James vMcClure will leavethis week to spend the winter in Boston. Capt. H. B. Arnold, of this city,spent several days last week in Maysville. Mrs. It. B. Cameron, of Sixteenthstreet, was in Cincinnati the pastweek.Miss Sajlie Daniel has returnedfrom Stanford, where she has beenteaching.Mr. James McClure has returnedto Boston to reenter the School ofTechnology at Cambridge.Miss Charlina l:all returned Saturday after a visit to friends in Virginia and West Virginia.Mrs. Ford Brent and little son,Ned Brent, have returned from a protracted stay in Michigan.Mrs. W. J. Clark and daughter,Miss Frankie, have returned from avisit to friends in Louisville.Mrs. Curtis -Smith, of Dallas,Texas, is here on a visit to her mother, Mrs. W. M. Renick. on High street.' Mrs. Albert Hinton has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Mayslick, accompanied by her sister, MissAlma Peed.Mrs. W. B Ardery and childrenreturned Sunday after a visit to herparents, Rev. and Mts. I. L. Spencer,in Lexington.Mrs. Sidney G. Clay and daughter, Miss Alice Rogers Clay, andMrs. John Bronson were visitors inLexington yesterday.Mr. James D. Sprake, of DeLand, Fla., and niece, Mrs. M. S.Barr, of Lair, Ky.,svere guests yesterday of Mrs. Lucy Sprake andfamily.Miss Florence Johnson, of SaltLick, Bath county, has returned toher home after a visit to Mrs. Maggie A. Day, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Brent returned Saturday night from their bridaltrip and have taken board at thehome of Mrs. Minnie Wilson's.Mr. and Mrs. William Hinkle anddaughter, of Kansas City, Mo., havearrived for a visit to- Mrs. Hinkle'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. Walker Buckner. Mrs. Joseph M. Hall and Mrs.Mary Ireland Davis returned yesterday from Cincinnati, where theyspent several days with relatives andfriends.Mr. Chas. N. Griffin, the Y. M. C.A. secretary at Paris, attended ameeting of the State workers of thatorganization at Anchorage during thepast week.Mrs. L. W. McKenney, of Covington, who has been visiting triendsand relatives in thi city for a fewweeks, will leave Friday for a fewdays stay in Winchester and Lowell,Ky.,Maysville Ledger: "Mrs. MaryO'Neal of Fifth street is visitingherson, Mr. Martin O'Neal, o Paris, andwill spend a few days with her daughter, Mrs. John T. Lane, at Mt. Sterling, before returning home."Mr. and Mrs. R. QThompsonand daughter, Miss Katie GrahamThompson, who have been here ona protracted visit to Mrs. J. T. Hinton, lef yesterday for their home inColumbia, S. C.The following invitations havebeen issued:Miss Mary Fithian, Hutchcraftrequests the pleasure of yourcompanyThursday evening the twenty-fifth ofSeptember at eight-thiry o'clockto meet Miss GeisreiterDancing Country ClubThe Lexington Herald says:"Misses Eleanor Davis, Sue Ford Of-'futt, Sara Ratcliffe and Sallie Griffith,four charming bridee-elect in Georgetown this fall, were guests of honorat a beautiful luncheon giveri Thursday at 1 o'clock by Miss JSleanor Offutt at the home of her grandmother,Mrs. Buford Hall. The table wasbeautifully arranged, carrying out thecolor scheme of pink and white.Toasts were drank to the happinessof the brides. The other guestswere Misses Ethel Thomas, FrankieThompson, Zillah Dawes, FrancesFesler, Mary Finley, Lila Duvall andSara Mae Holland."xTHAT OVERCOAT. -Let Davis fix you up Avith a Fallovercoat. Be right in style. Thequality is guaranteed. The fit willbe right. The price will be right.What more could you ask? y (It)RIGHT IN STYLE, RIGHT INQUALITY, RIGHT IN PRICELet J. W. Davis & Co. fix you upfor Fall with suit, overcoat, separatetrousers, hat, underwear, sox, neckwear, etc. Don't forget that if itcomes from Davis it is .right rightin style, right in price and right inquality. (It)M. F. ELKIN NAMED ASAIDE-DE-CAMP TO 'GOVERNORGovernor McCreary yesterday appointed M. F. Elkin, of Lexington,head of the order of Maccabees in theState, aide-de-camp on his staff withthe rank of Colonel. Mr. Elkin iswell known in Paris, where he hasfrequently visited, and his manyfriends here will be gratified to knowof the appointment.SNOW IN SUPERIOR REGIONAND NORTHERN "MINNESOTAA record unequaled since the establishment of tk weather bureau in1884 was made yesterday when snowfell at nearly all points in NorthernMinnesota and around the sfiores ofLake Superior. The earliest previous show fall was recorded September 24, 1907. Wintry scenes- prevailed in the vicinity of Port Arthur,Ont., and Grand Marais, Minn.,where the ground -"was blanketedwith snow. The a rerages temperature at iDuluth was 35 degrees. ,WINS -PREMIUMS ON POUL-TRY AT STATE FAIR.Mrs. Walter Kenney, of this county,won first pen, 1st, 2d and 3d cockrel, 1st and 2d pullet and 2d hen onWhite Orpingtons at the KentuckyState Fair. Also the cash special formost points on White Orpingtons,winning more points than all othercompetitors combined. There werabout one hundred White Orpingtonson exhibition.rSOUNDS GOOD.Fresh Baltimore oysters, Michigancelery, cranberries, -fish , receivedevery day.(23-2t) SAUER.CONFEDERATE DAUGHTERSHOLD FIRST MEETING OF YEARThe first . meeting of the season ofthe Richard Hawes Chapter, UnitedDaughters of the Confederacy, was.held Saturday afternoon at the Confederate room in the court house,with Mrs. Amos Turney, president ofthe Chapter, presiding. After thepreliminary exercises and a report ofthe Memorial Fund, made by Mrs. C.C. Leer, the approaching State Convention, to be held at Winchester,October 8 and 9, was discussed and.the following delegates were electedto represent the local chapter: Mrs.William C. Talbott, Mrs. RussellMann and Mrs. C. C. Leer; alternates,Mrs. Harry B. Clay and Mrs. SallieNeely. Mrs. Amos Turney will alsobe a delegate ex-officio. The meetingwas strictly of a business nature andno literary program was presented.SEED WHEAT AND RYE.Choice Fultz Seed Wheat, Northernand Home Grown Rye for sale. Call84 either phone.(10sep-3wks) R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.PICKLING TIME.Let us fill your order for picklingvinegar and spices.(19-3t) T. C. LENIHAN.ADVANCED STYLES.You will make a mistake if you failto attend our opening on September25 and 26. You -will not be asked tobuy. Our hats this season will sellthemslves. Not only up-to-the-minutestyles, but far advanced fall and winter showing will be on display. New"trimmer, new prices and absolutelyexclusive patterns of imported headdress. (19-2t) MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.SEED BARLEY.Choice geed barley for sale. Phones84. R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.(10sep-3wks)BIG SALE OF TOBACCOREPORTED IN NICHOLAS.A dispatch from Carlisle, Saturday,said: "What is perhaps the biggestsale of tobacco thus far reported inthis part of the burley district wasmade known here to-dav bv JudsreJames E. Plummer, of ihis city, whosays his brother, Joseph Plummer,sold his 1913 crop, consisting of sixtyacres, at $20 per hundred poundsstraight. The crop was grown inBourbon county."ISPECIALS AT BUTLER'S.Rich American cut glass.Haviland & Co.'s fine china."Faultless" line of rubber goods."Beulane the latest New Yorkcraze in face cream."Zoz," for tired or tender feetTona Vita, to make you fresh andyoung.A full line of Blank Books, Tablets, etc.' BUTLER'S(19-4t) Opp Court House.SE RIGHT.If your Fall hat comes from Davisit is right, right in style, right inprice and right in quality. (It)FREIGHT TRAIN DERAILED ATWINCHESTER tfELAYS TRAFFICSaturday night two cars on Northbound freight train No. 94 were derailed at Winchester, and as aresulttraffic was delayed for about twohours. The wrecking crew from thiscity was sent to the scene and thecars placed on the track.THIRTY NEW MEMBERS ARERECEIVED BY EPWORTH LEAGUEThe Epworth League of the Methodist Church held exercises at thechurch Sunday evening for the purpose of receiving into the league thethirty new members, a campaign forwhich was started several weeks ago.The church was beautifully decoratedwith the league volors, gold andwhite, the,, chancel of the church being adorned with golden rods andgrowing ferns. The choir loft wasdraped in gold and white material,making a pretty scene. Beautifulbouquets were placed in various places about the churci.The thirty members were called tothe Chanel and .after a short addressby the President, Mr. Dennis V. Snaptook the pledge of the EpworthLeague, after which they were welcomed by a presentation by each ofthe officers of the various departments ofJ the league. Mrs. amesGrinnell, Jr., gave to each of the newmembers a pledge card of theLeague; Miss Elizabeth Mann, Second Vice President, pinned badgeson each one; Mrs. Homer Shy presented each with a copy of the constitution and by-laws and Miss LenaCooper presented each with a topiccard of the League.Visitors form Lexington were:Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Renaker, theformer being District Secretary ofthe Epworth League of the LexingtonDistrict; Miss Mildred Mattingly,First Vice-President of the Lexington Epworth League; Miss Cord,I Second Vice-President of the Lexington Epworth League.COLUMBIA THEATRE JO-DAY"Old Mammy's Secret Code' amassive military production, in whichan old negro woman uses a prearranged code of wearing apparel on aclothes line to apprise the Confederates of the Union operations. Spectacular and awe-inspiring scene as abridge is blown up with a hugecharge of powder; thrilling rescue ofthe defeated Southern army by thecavalry, which hurls itself upon theadvancing enemy, and the last of thisgreat picture where the patheticdeath of this old negro woman as shepays the penalty of her loyalty andcondemned to death as a spy. Thispicture is in three reels and is oneof the Broncho's best war pictures.You should .see it by all means.Mr. Percy Reed, the popular baritone singer, continues to plea&e largeaudiences at the Columbia. His singing is distinctive and meets with theapproval of the crowds.WHY -TAKEV CHANCES?Buy your Fall overcoat from Davisand be right. You know it will beright in style, right in quality andright in price. Why take chances?(It)VERY LOW RATESTO THE WEST.The Missouri Pacific is preparingto handle a heavy colonist movementto the West this Fall. An unusuallyJow rate is being made; tickets soldSeptember 25 to October 10 inclusive.Write today for leaflet containing information regarding rates, routes and Ithrough tourist sleeping cars, chaircars and coaches. Address J. A. Steltenkamp, G. A. P. D., 204 TractionBldg., Cincinnati, O.AGED KENTUCKIAN 'TRAVELS 20,000 MILESV. N. Payne, an octogenarian of DryFork, near Glasgow, Ky., has just returned from a trip of 20,000 milesover the United States where he hadbeen to yisit his eight children, andnotwithstanding the fact that his washis first ride on a train or the firstvisit he had made outside the Stateand but few times out of the countyhe traveled alone. After four monthsof almost constant travel he returned home hale and hearty, andsays he feels twenty years youngerthan he did when he left. He talkedentertainingly of the wonders of thegreat world over which he wanderedfor the first time.Ktive at Seventyyinany people at seventyattribute their goodhealth to SCOTT'SEMULSION because itsconcentrated nourishment creates nermanentbody-power, and becauseit is devoid of drugs or stimulants.Scott & Bowne, Bloomfield, N. J.13-22rJ. T,- r"iSV-,'--,Pt"tA V'SV.'.? tAnyit -j.''j - iftf&..-yjfj- mWLTJ j-!lHk JWB w wJ. T. HINTONWood. MantelsINew Fall Goodslm1 NowMeady For YourInspectionAfter a three-weeks' search of the New York andEastern markets, we are in a position to show you 'thelargest and best selected stock ever shown by U3See the beautiful new ideas in1Silks, Dress Goods, Challies, Velvets, Corduroys, Dress Trimmings and Laces,Neckwear and many novel accesssories to make your Falloutfit complete.Ask to see our non-shrinkable flannels for waists,shirts, &c.fWe are agents for the following good lines HendersonCorsets, DeBevoise Brassieres, Wayne Knit Hosiery andEskay Kid Gloves.W. EdTticker.,89IM'TfcI II SIncmmmGtmmKmmmsaammmcMmMmmmrssaramG. -MBHMHnaa.aHaBcaaaHaMiMBaHaMsaHH'We Are Now Ready to Show YouThe Latest inFALL SHOES!Give us a Call and Look our Stock overBefore IGoing Elsewhere. Special Attention Given to Our Children's Dc-partment.Geo. Mc Williams,L.Phones 301HINTONJust ReceivedA BigNew Line ofComfort BlanketsCounterpanesPrice You DesireFine AssortmentAnd Best of AllYou Save MoneSAVES YOU MONEYUndertakingW.INit1Ic'"m "IB'neceiveuJThe Shoe MianI--v.SiytsaAmbulanceJl-Niv"st.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, K NTUCKY SEPTEMBER 23,. 1913.'&S-" No-& -I 134I ' ,29& 10I , 40$ ' 3t 12K 33,261 25S 9138t 385I! 39? - 8i ' 32VJU5i?4i1?!-liWAn3L. 5c N. TIME-TABLEEN" EFFECT MAY 4, 1913 'Trains ArriveFROMAtlanta, Ga.. Daily ." 5.21 amLexington. Ky., Daily . 5.18amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .' 7.85 amMaysville, Ky., Dailv Except Sunday T.38'amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.40 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.22 amCincinnati, 0., Deity 9.50 amMaysville, Ky.x Daily Except Sunday : 10.20 amLexington, Kv.. Daily 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Dwtty 10-24 amLexington, Ky., .uaily Except Sunday 12.00 mCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 3.33 pmKnoxvilletTenn.. Daily 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily 5.35 pmCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6,06 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5. 50 amJacksonville. Fla., Daily 6.18 pmCincinnati, O. , Daily iu :ou pmTrains IDe-part' No- T0.- 84 Cincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 am' 4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am' 40 Cincinnati, 0., Daily Except Sunday 7.50 an:- 10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.50 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily .-.9.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.20 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10.29 am6 Maysville, K., Daily 12.05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday , ,.v 12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 3.33 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.4o pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.56 pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.58 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.23 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Dailv Except Sunday 6.20 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.35 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.55 pm31 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57 pmIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trains ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily ExceptjSunda 7.44 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.30 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.5C pm- Trains IDepart!No. TO37 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.44 am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday 9.53 am1 Frankfort, Ky Daily Except Snnay 5.54 pmHere Is the HogLexington, Ky.BOURBON REMEDY CO.,Enclosed find photo of hog that wascured of cholera with your BourbonHog Cholera Remedy. This hog wasalmost dead before using the medicineand then was entirely cured, exceptIocs of ears, tail, etc. The hog iswned by Mr. Skiles Ewing, of Bawling Green, Ky. He will be glad togive you a testimonial, and we can getseveral more if you want them.JENKINS-STJBLETT DRUG CO.,Bowling Green, Ky.Ask Your Druggist for It.FOR SALE BY W. T. BROOKS.Ire You a Woman?nCarduiThe Woman's TonicFM SALE AT ALL DRUG61STSF4Q amalgamated arcSheriff's Sale !BOURBON QUARTERLY COURT.CONSOLIDATED CAUSES.The PowerXGrocery Co., - PlaintiffsVs.C. E. EndicottandWilliamson-Martin & Co.,Vs.C. E. Endicott, - - DefendantsPursuant to judgment and order ofsale entered in the above styled causes,I -will, onWednesday, October 1, 1 91 3,beginning at 10 o'clock a. m., at thestore room on West Main and 20thstreets, expose to public sale the entirestock of goods, consisting ofDry Goods, Groceries and -HardwareThe above sale will be made to satisfythe plaintiff's debt, 'interest and cost,amounting on day of sale to $359.75.TERMS Three months time, the purchaser to execute bond with approvedsurety, bearing 6 per cent, interest fromdate of sale, or the purchaser may paycash.A. S. THOMPSON,12-19-26 Sheriff Bourbon County.Notice To Conractors.NEW THEATER PLANBoston Woman Arranging toErect Model Playhouse.IShe Alms at Moral Growth ReadingRoom and Lunch Stand in Rear ofstage win Mia oormorc ot tnePerformers.No matter whether the thermometerregisters 105 above or 25 below zero,Amalgamate! Arc Roofingcan't be af fecicd a particle.No matter the carves or valleys ofyour roof you need no tin to coverthem, for Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGis very pliable. It is the Perfect Roofing,and the insurance rats iz no higher thanwhen slate or metal is used.We aathorlzo our agents to refund the moneyif oar Booing is not perfectly satisfactory.AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO.Chicago, IUImalsSoW by Millersburg Coal andLumbre Co.,Mill ersbursr, f KyBids will he received for the construction of the sewer system for theEastern portion of Paris accordingto plans of J. A. Stewart. Plans maybe seen at the offices of J. A. Stewart,1112 Traction Building, Cincinnati,O., or of the Mayor of Paris, Ky., orof the State Board of Health, atBowling Green. Bids to be made asa whole and for seDarate portionsfrom the outlet to Vine street, toEastern end of Stoner Avenue andfrom Stoner Avenue to Winchesterstreet. Bids tobe in the hands ofthe City Clerk by Sept. 24, 1913. Theright is reserved to reject any or allbids or to accept any separate portion. J. T. HINTON, Mayor.Ring Dtnoted Physician.Previous to the sixteenth centuryevery physician in Europe wore a ringon his finger as an indication of hisprofession.CARLISLE MAY HAVEWATER WORKS SYSTEMHUcA .-',A waterworks system may be installed in Carlisle in the near future.At the next meeting of the City Council, it is said, an engineer will be directed to make plans and specifications. A large concrete reservoir ispoposed to hold the water supply.The sentiment of the system is at fever heat owing to the near waterfamine that has prevailed in thatcity for" the last few months. Thegreat increase in the amount of taxable property in that city since thelast waterworks proposition was submitted gives reason for believing itwill be built.Boston, Mass. Mrs. Josephine Clement, probably the best-known womantheatrical manager in the country, hasa scheme for a model, theater whichshe hopes to build within a fewmonths.She has not yet decided where shewill erect the theater, but Bhe hasabundant financial backing by persons who have been attracted by hersuccess with the theater of which forseveral years she has been the manager. It is to be a theater in which every seat will give an unobstructedview of the stage. The cost of a seatwill be ten cents and the entertainments will be of a type that will havethe approval of leaders in the "upliftmovement" throughout the UnitedStates."It will be different from anythingthere is in the United States," saidMrs. Clement. "Only performances ofthe highest class will be given andthe theater will be unique, as it willhave light and air on all four sides."It will have dignified entrances,and everything inside will be arrangedfor the comfort of the patrons and theactors."I believe that actors who havebrains enough to amuse audiences areentitled to as much as the patrons,and that is why there will be as goodan entrance in the back for them asttiere is for the public in front"Actors who are satisfied with theirsurroundings will co-operate with themanagement, and that means successfor the theater."The Bijou theater, under the direction of Mrs. Clement, has made a feature of moving pictures, and it is herintention to give pictures in her newtheater, but they will be of a typedifferent from any now in general use.There will be nothing in them to offend, and they will be entirely freefrom the weird features which havebrought forth cirticisms from clergymen all over the world.Mrs. Clement's idea is to have pictures that will educate and aid in uplift work."I am going to show pictures thafwill tend towards moral and intellectual development," said Mrs. Clement. "I intend to give one longfilm, a short one of a humorousnature, two musical numbers and twosolos."My scheme is to have a theaterthat every one will enjoy attending,and one in which a person will seeand hear for ten cents what now costsnot less than half a dollar. Movingpictures so far have been used toamuse, to startle the imagination andto reproduce many things which thepublic would be better without havingseen. These pictures will have noplace in my theater."Mrs. Clement will have the co-operationof the Harvard Dramatic society, as she had in her work at theBijou, and of many clergymen andcity officials who have been foremostin the agitation against the movingpicture shows that are given in manytheaters.Back of the stage will be a readingroom in which the actors can amusethemselves between their acts. Therewill be a lunchoom, where they iwill beable to purchase meals at cost.Young men and women will be given an opportunity tp begin at the bottom and work to the top."I have always taken an interest inyoung persons," said Mrs. Clement,"and every day am on the lookout forpromising young men and women. Ihave a theory that most of us can dosomething pretty well and have proven it since I went into the theatricalbusiness."A young woman came to me andsaid that she was a good dancer. Igave her a trial and she was an utterfailure. She told me she could playthe piano. I tried her at this and shewas a success."I had another girl tell me shecould sing. She couldn't, but I foundthat she was a splendid stenographer.I can find good actors and singers asI have found steogpraphers and pianoplayers, and when the model theaterhas been in operation a while it willhave proven that I am right,"We will win in a short time, I amconfident, the good will and supportof those who see now in moving pictures only things to condemn."BURY ALL BOTTLES IN WOODSfLj- ,4,Growing Belief That Sun's Rays Passing Through Glass Starts Someof the Fires,Centralia, Wash. Beer and whiskybottles, carelessly thrown to theground in timbered areas, are apt tocause forest fires, according to theopinion of E. W. Ferris, state firewarden.Mr. Ferris said that fire wardenshad been instructed to bury all bottlesthey saw in order that they may notact as a concentrating medium forthe sun's rays and start fires in dryleaves and moss."I have had many- reports of firesthat undoubtedly started in this manner," said Mr. Ferris, 'and I do notdoubt in the least the opinion thatthere is danger from this source. Itsounds odd, but undoubtedly it istrue." . ". , ,MILLION DOLLARFASHION SHOWWill Be Held In CincinnatiFrom September 29th.To October 4thWILL BE FREE TO EVERYBODYCo-operative Display of All That isNewest, Best, Smartest and MostAttractive in Fall and Winter Fashions Prizes For Decorators.Cincinnati Fashion Week September 29 to October 4 those are thedates of a week that will be of intense interest and delight and profitto everyone who patronizes a retailstore and that means everybody.For the first time in the retail history of the Queen City the merchantshave come together with the idea ofmaking a co-operative display of thatwhich is newest, best, smartest andmost authoritative in the productsthat retailers carry.Think of seeing all at once theworld's products in every retail line.Heretofore one has had to be contentwith seeing one Fall opening, or twoor three perhaps, but now one can seeevery store beautified with the newestcreations in the lines every store carries. It will be a delightful journeyfrom one store to another, throughoutthe entire retail district, seeing whatthe world's best makers and theworld's greatest markets and theworlds's greatest designers have perfected. The official colors, purple and canary, will drape scores of mercantilehouses, augmented and further adorned with the individual decorationseach house will use. Prizes amounting to $200 have been hung up for thewindow trimmers and the exterior decorators, but more than the moneyawards is stimulating these artists tothe limit of their ingenuity and artistry. Everyone wants to win firstprize, and the result will be that during Fashion Week the Queen Citywill be queenly, indeed, in colorfulgarb.Fashion Week was not designed tosell goods the primary idea is to impress everyone within 150 miles ofCincinnati that the Queen City is thelogical center for buying merchandisethat is correct in every way. Cincinnati merchants search the world forthe best there is; one need not go toNew York nor Chicago nor anywhereelse to get the very newest, cleverest,best and latest in merchandise. It isin Cincinnati stores and FashionWeek will prove it. Foreign buyershave received cablegrams orderingthem to secure the latest things in European styles; every Eastern markethas been combed by Cincinnati merchants in an extra effort to obtain themost recent things in every line ofmerchandise.The display during Fashion Weekwill be thoroughly comprehensive.There will be on exhibition apparel ofevery sort; there will be footwear ofevery kind dress footwear, streetfootwear and foot coverings for everykind of sport. There will be millinery,furniture, machinery, sporting goods,cloths merchandise without end.Just think of anything that any retail store carries and then know thatyou can see it at its very best In Cincinnati during Fashion Week.The livest, biggest, best merchantsin Cincinnati are giving of their time,money and brains to make FashionWeek an epoch in the retail world.This will profit the merchants, ofcourse that's what merchants are inbusiness for, but it will profit the shopper just as much, for it is well, isn'tit, to get the newest and the best forthe shopper's money?Make your plans to come to Cincinnati during Fashion Week. Fix thedates in your mind; don't let anything"keep you away. Even if one did notpurchase a single article, 'the displaywill be as educative as delightful, foryou have never seen the Queen City ashandsome as it will be during thisgala week.The Fashion Week does not interfere in any way with the usual Fallopenings of the retail merchants.These are being held or will be heldas before, but Fashion Week will bethe time when every merchant willmake special efforts to make a displayof new things such as he has nevermade before.Fashion Week is for everybodymakes no difference what merchandise you are interested in, you maybe sure of seeing the best and newestthat the world affords when you cometo Cincinnati during Fashion Week.Just to remind you again September 29 to October 4.wmmmmJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDVGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!Mi :3&&mwTRE J2B p.eoms orTHEBourbonAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asWay to Obey That Impulse..Whenever you feel the impulse towish for something, work for it instead. Albany Journal.VERY LOW RATESTO THE WEST.The Missouri Pacific is offeringvery low rates to California, Idaho,Nevada, Utah, Western Clorado, NewMexico, Western Texas, Arizona-, Oregon and Washington. Tickets soldSeptember 25th to October 10th, inclusive. For complete informationregarding rates, through free chairand sleeping car service, address J.A. Steltemkamp, G. A. P. D., 204Traction Building, Cincinnati, O.BILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure witfi you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is- new and modernfaces.Cbe Bourbon news,t 104 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown onNapplication.ftWiUiiWiWiiiiift3siViX' y.'.V1x -cATHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1913.i . " ' --m9455Bourbon CollegeFor Yoking LadiesIHBaBMiNaHHiiiiHBHMMteOpensI Tuesday, September gth9I Primary, Preparatory and Collegiate Departments.:99Twelve in Faculty. All Specialists.Music, Art and Expression Unusually Strong.-Bourbon College is situated on one of the highestpoints in the City of Paris. Large and beautiful campus.Building fitted up with all modern conveniencies andequipments.For Annual, address,4Mrs. M. G. Thomson, Principal,Paris, KentuckyJiiWMtlUMIiMMtMMUMK)1L.Paris Book CompanycTWRS. C. D. WEBB, Prop.School Books and. SchoolSupplies, Novelties, Etc. 'ILedgers, Journals, Pens, Inks,'Etc. Magazines, SMaps,Globes, in fact everything that's found at a Book Store.Picture Framing -Our Leading'. . . Specialty . . ,WORK DONE WHEN PROMISEDion2'H''b&the Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important In thehome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by getting: the oil that bumsclear and clean without a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection. 'Costs no more than the Inferiortankwagon oils saves MONEY saves"WORK saves eyes.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Chas. C. Stoll Oil Co. .Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren. Pa.We sell the celebrated "NoCarb"Auto Oil.FASCINATING HAIRFOR WOMENIs Easy to Have, NaturalColored and BeautifulSo many women have grey or fadedhair; neglect it until it becomes thin,dry and lifeless, begins to fall out and-wiakes them appear much older thanthey really are. If your hair is inthis condition get a bottle of Hay'sHair Health today. Don't wait untilsome one says how much older youlook. You'll be delighted at theresults from even one or two applications. The grey hairs gradually disappear and your hair will become fullof life and vitality. No one can tell?hat you are using it. It's not a dyebut a nice, clean preparation thatouiclcly and effectively keeps your greyhai- dark, glossy and natural coloredand that all druggists guarantee satisfactory or refund your money. Always ask for Hay's Hair Health. . Itnever iails.Free: Sign this adv. and take it to thefollowing druggists and get a 50c. botTie of Hay's Hair Heilth and a 25c.-cake of Harfina Snaiv fnr KOn nr $1 nftiotile of Hay's Hair Health and two!25c. cakes of Harfina Soap Free, for SI,L. OBERDORFER, Druggist,Paris, Ky.CANCER CURED 2! guarantee every case I unZ dertake; 20 years practice; ref-erence, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.W. N. Barktey Mrs. W. N. BarkleyWoman's Exchange & Cafe112 N. TJpper Street,Lexington, KentuckyM. A. CAHAL.Barber Shop.First-Cfass Workmen.Polite and Prompt Attentionto Air.Hot and Cold BathsWe Thank You For a Share olYour Patronage.per. immG6Rt. $1,000 to $100,000W. KING & SON,125 Cheapside. Lcxlneton, Ky4 Per Cent InterestI Paid On TimeDepositsYour Deposits Are GuaranteedYOU TIKE NO RISKSIf You Are InterestedWrite UsUNION STATE BANKMuskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000? wJ:yyr,'-v -m ?j-ICE MENACE TO STEFANSSONHome-made Cakes, Breads, Pies, Candies, Croquetts, Salads, Pickles, ChowChow, Ftc, received fresli daily.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Sup- jper; also iuncnes and. short orders at allhours with the best the market affords.(28mar6mo)Polar Expedition Mest With AccidentMembers of Crew Say ShipHas Hole In ItNome, Alaska. The old whaler Karluk, which was' taking the VihjaimurStefansson Canadian polar explorationexpedition into the arctic, met with aserious accident in the ice off PointBarrow, the northernmost point ofAlaska, and may have to unload hercargo, according to word x receivedhere from the revenue cutter Bear.The extent of the damage to the Karluk is not known, but it is reportedthat a large hole was stove in her hull.The Stefansson expedition foundunusual ice conditions at Barrow. TheKarluk was caught between the icefloes and is drifting with the ice. AirdHenton, a member of the' crew, quit atBarrow and told officers of the revenue cutter of the Karluk's plight.The Stefansson expedition on theKarluk as the main ship, and the aux-BSssssK$RSy$$yvuwfflfv J v$" VJf '?BstftVlhjalmup Stefansson,iliary gasoline boats Mary Sachs andAlaska, left Port Clarence, Alaska, 90miles north of Nome, late in July.Aboard the Karluk, of which CaptainRobert Bartlett, who commandedPeary's polar ship Roosevelt, is master, are Stefansson, commander-in-chiefof the expedition, and eight ofthe fourteen scientists who make uphis party. The other scientists weredivided between the Mary Sachs, ofWhich Kenneth Chipman, the Canadian geologist, was placed in command,and the Alaska, in command of Dr. R.M. Anderson, the American biologistTURKS FORCED INTO BAPTISMBulgarians Christianize Village inMacedonia After Taking FormalPossession of Place. sAthens. The story of a curious episode has reached here from" the Greekheadquarters, which are stationed in avillage near Djumaya. It appears thatthe village was originally Turkish, butwhen the Bulgarians arrived here lastOctober they determined to Christianize it at once.They demolished the minaret on themosque and turned the mosque itselfinto a church, with a huge timber crossin place of the minaret. They thenproceeded to forcibly baptize the inhabitants men, women and children.A pile of gaudy baptismal certificates was procured from a local printer and placed at the door of thechurch, where the baptismal lineformed every day. A candidate wasforced to take a certificate and passedwith it to the fount, where a priest andclerk stood ready, respectively, to baptize and to register the baptism.When the Greeks arrived last monththey were in a quandary. They did notlike to tear down the cross. Neitherdid their priests like to entertain andadminister to so many Turk madeChristians by force. The baptismswere, however, declared to be void,and the Turkish priests were allowedto unbaptize their flock by givingthem Turkish names. One of thesepriests or hodja added a touch ofhumor to the situatkm by saying thatafter all he was not certain whetherhis name was All Hassan or GeorgeFerdinand. , f j. . -t4WALES TO WED THE DUCHESSNames of Two Young" MembersRoyal Family Again BeingSpoken Together.ofLondon. There is scarcely a princess in Europe whose name has notbeen associated with the prince ofWales as his future bride at one timeor another. There has recently beensome serious conversation over hischoice of a wife. His selection of a future queen of England is, of course, amomentous one, but there is a disposition on the part of the king to allowhis son a free choice as far as possible.The latest name suggested is onethat would be in every way suitablethe Grand Duchess Olga, of Russia.She is a verjr beautiful girl, with theMadonna-like beau?y of her mother,but without her extreme reserve andshyness. vShe is bright, well-informed, andduring her school days was very receptive. Should such a romance bebrought about, it would be the caseof the grandchildren of two sistersmarrying as Empress Mary of Russia,the grand duchess' grandmother, isthe sister of Queen Alexandra, thegrandmother of the prince of Wales.Dies of Disease He Dreaded.Boston, Mass. Typhoid pneumoniahas claimed Sergeant Arthur C. Millsof the Charlestown cadets, who livedIn fear of the disease, and threetimes submitted to inoculation of aserum which was supposed to havemade'tiim absolutely immune.nTruck Replaced Thre Teamsi& 'i jr ..' -.ssssssssssss3BBSSSSsHHsSfisVsSwBSSlBSSSSSSSSSSiBaBVHHHHsssMBfiBstttftttuuL. '' -Mm-- wLft-fe 8HSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSBSSSSSuuRE0I9ShBSSSSSSSSSSiBsVBBwk .ERSSlESSPSstfiBSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSBBSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSbIBEkIi PTSBBBBBm'' ' ttiiijjl SwBs'BBBBBbTuSSBBBBBB 'BBBBBBwIBBBBBBBHlBBBBBKSbx&bbf ffSSllSKslBmT BbPj" jjBuPflifflfc. 3b?St&4vwSBB' 'j4 7fii Jf-i . mnt.hs thlSc &rf.Vton KssdKar Truck covered in actual serviceft w A t a . $.1-08 pery' Manned bv a driver and one tefcr,it replaced three teams of horses. The average daily burden was 37 17.20th$h W jamedlnavelia.gJeload?f fo tons-one ton overload-but in the entire period named, was laid up only hvo and one-half hou.s for repairs.JSL D fcomend - the KisselKar Truck and assure that it lives up to itsguarantee, writes Thomas E. Fleischer, manager of the. Sheboygan Lime Works.. A wo.and one-half Lhours for repairs, carrying over 37 tens uer dav i? a repnH wnrthvouppeiy places, ana stalling tne truck four speed transmitters o-earprl nn f nnff h cnooripermitting high speed when desired without racing enefae llto 20 Sr ZJ wLSSbrake drums, and extra powerful brakes-special bodies dymYf5i!1 500 ibs.-i -2-3-4 and S Tonsrequtorantf-fndwftrthP & ton? "T' yOU ca.n find 'ust the tvP that fills yournafiS8aSnteeftrfSfflTrack KeS tl K,'SSelKar Service which Js'thegate it. valuable consideration In the purchase of a power wagon. Investi-sult willVenteSg. Pr6Sent hrSe haUkge SS Compared to motor h- The relinesofbusi'ness66 b'' ShWi"g KisselKar Tracks'inTactual use in your line and many otherThe Following Lines business HavejRecentlyt0"Sht Kisstel-Kar Truckslaundry, Bakery, Confeotionorv Ice Ooal SJ '& acting, Plumbing Canning, Oil, Telephone,LPhone 21 05.O. R. HUKLE,51 3 West Main Street,Lexington,IIy. I,AWhat Is Your Aim?It is not enough to be industrious;so are the ants. What are you. industrious about? Thoreau.NrajifiFOR YOUTHUnsightly Grey and Faded HailWhy not have beautiful, dark, glossy,natural colored hair, full of life andbeauty keep yourself young lookingand fascinating? Its so easy andsimple to do if you will get a bottle ofHay's Hair Health today. You'll noticea change after one or two applicationshow quickly the grey hairs vanishnow glossy, full of life and vitalityHay's Hair Health will keep your hair.Don't waste time, get a bottle today.Your druggist is selling more Hay'sHair Health than all others, becausehe knows it's the most satisfactory,the nicest and cleanest to use andreally does restore color to grey hair.Free: Sign this adv. and take it to thefollowing druggists and get a 50c. bottle of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.cake of Harfina Soap for 50c; or $1.00bottle of Hay's Hair Health and two?5c. cakes of Harfina Soap Free, for ?tL. OBERDORFER, Druggist,Paris, Ky.When you fedgS.sure sign you need MOTTS NERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMott's Nerverkie Pills tfSHWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Prop., Cleveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky...Professional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones j0eResidence j lfgj.DR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - - - KentuckyT J. WHJLIAMS,O . ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.'oom 1 Elks Bmilslimtr.."jI To Bicycle Owners:I Is Your Bicycle Sick ?If so, bring it to J ELVOVE, and he willcure it at a very small cost and will guaranteehis work to give satisfaction or no pay. Wehave engaged an expert mechanic to do thiswork. We carry a full line of all kinds ofRepairs and Supplies.Bidycles to suit your'pocket:jbook.J. ELVOVE,Paris, KentuckyOur Call Home Phone 360smsIMllSiy-NOtiGdMrs. Albert H. Morehead has returned from her vacation and is eadyto eceive pupils for "the Piano. Forinformation apply toMOREHEAD MUSIC CO.9-2t-pd 606 Main Street.LOST COW.Strayed or stolen from my place, atRuddles Mills, Monday night, Septemb 10, one muley Jersey cow. Liberal reward for her recovery or information leading thereto.DOCK SNAPP,12-3t Ruddles xMills, Ky.Stray Lambs. j1 Estrayed from my place on theNorth Middletown pike, two largeSouthdown lambs with brown painton hip. Call 391 or 468 Cum. phone,.t , -J. HAL WOODFORD.1 .rai "- . .II c " f nHAY'S HAIR HEALTH 'TJJLLAVORITERefined Women Give This;the PreferenceThe easiest way to keep your hahyouthful-looking, to prevent it fromturning grey, is to use- Hay's Haii;Health. It gives absolute satisfactionand a few applications will restore natural color, give vitality to grey and!faded hair and remove all trace ofDandruff. Beautiful natural colored,youthful-looking hair, more than anything else, contributes to a woman'good looks.Hay's Hair Health Is keeping thousands of women's hair glossy, natural'colored and beautiful. You'll nevei?regretbuying it when you see the difference it makes in your apparaaeFree: Sign this adv. and take it to tkfollowing druggists and get a 60c. bottle of Hay's Hair Health and a 2"kvcake of Harfina Soap, for 60c; or $LGbottle of Hay's Hair Health and tw5c cakes of Hwfina Soap Free, fee 3iV. fcerierfr DrfUt, Paris, Ky.".w ffv&v -t l"V.V$vri wr3i3iiirwi' "4 c 4MMajMiTHE BOURBON NEWS," PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1913I'Iv!', (ItIX;I SATURDAY,3THE PARIS GRANDSEPT. 27THE BIG MUSICAL SUCCESS-iTHESOUL KISS300 Nights New York CityCompany of 40 Artists 330--SINGIING AND DANCING CHORUS--30Thomas Van, Sidney Rogers, Daisy Daven-port, Orpha HewesCOMPLETE NEW PROCUCTIONSeats Now on SalePrices S1.50 to 25cc e 88 t-J COLUMBIA THTHURSDAY, SEPT. 25AMBROSiO'S MASTERPIECErAN"ORiiSAI "The Drama of Humanity'FOUR ACTS FIVE REELS. The Greatest of All Features Cost $200,000 to Pro-duce and Six Month's Work to Complete- Nothing Before or Since Its Equal.IOC AND 20c,1 ADMISSIONI first time: at these prices-JtNEWS OF MILLERSBURuThere was one addition to theChristian church Sunday evening.Mr. J. S Shoptaugh left Mondayfor Frankfort to serve as TJ. S. juror.Mr and Mrs. T. D Judy left Monday for a ten days' sojourn at Martinsville, IndMr. E. S. Bruce returned Fridaya two weeks' sojourn with relativesat Vanceburg.Mr. William" Wood, of Colljns,Miss., arrived Saturday as the guestof Mr. G. S. Allen.Mr. and Mrs. TJ. S. G. Pepper leftMonday for a few days' sejourn atHuntington, W. Va.Mrs. J. H. Linville left Mondayfor a visit to her sister, Mrs. Huffman, at Covington.Mr. W. T. McConnell, of Stutgart,Ark., arrived Thursday as the guestof his brother, Aaron McConnell.Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Prather returned Thursday aftera visit to Mr.and Mrs B. T. Beeding, of Lexington.Mrs. E. M. Martin received a telegram Sunday announcing the deathof her son-in-law, Mr. Don Miller, ofKeokuk, la. Mrs. Miller is wellknown here. She was formerly MissLillie Archer, und a part of her earlylife was spent in this community.Mrs. E. T. Beeding, of Lexington,was the guest of Mayor W. D. Wadelland sister from Thursday to Saturday 'Mr. and Mrs. Gearge Bascom, ofSharpsburg, were guests of theiruncle, Mr. J. J.' Peed, Saturday andSunday.We have plenty of Seed Wheat,Seed Rye and Timothy for sale.THE MILLERSBTJRG COAL ANDLUMBER COMPANY.Mr. James B. Cray received hiscommission as postmaster of Millersburg Saturday. Mr. Cray will enteron his duties October 1.Mr. and Mrs. C. T. Smith have returned to their home at Loda, 111 ,after a weeks' .visit to Mrs. ElizabethStirman and other relatives.James Harold, infant son of Mr.and Mrs. Lee Insko, died 'Sunday at11 p. m., after a brief illness. The interment took place Sunday afternoonin the Millersburg cemetery.Miss Dorothy Pollitt, of Vanceburg, Ky., is the, guest of Miss Mildred Bruce. She will enter the Kentucky State .University at Lexingtonin a few daysMr. A. C Strode left Thursday forhis home at Chester, Montana, aftera visit of several weeks with hisfather-in-law, 'Squire A. C. Ball. MrsStrode will remain forsome time yet.The W. C. T. U. Society, whichwas recently reorganized, is doinggood work, and an interesting program from month to month is promised through the winter MesdamesJ. D. Redd and O. H. Collier leave today for the State Convention at Madjsonville. Mrs. Redd holds one of theState offices, while Mrs. Collier is onefo our most active local workers.Miss Apna James McClintock,who chaperoned a party of youngladies from Chicago in a tour of Europe during the summer, returnedwith them to New York on Sept 15.Miss McClintock sailed again on the20th for Berlin, Germany, where shewill take a special course of studyfor one vear. Miss McClintock is a-daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Thos. McClintock, of Millersburg, and for several years has occupied a chair inLake Forest University, Lake Forest,111rTHEATRICAL."THE SOUL KISS.""The Soul Kiss" is distinguishednot only by the unique idea of thesearch for a kiss that comes from thesoul and all the clever comedy situations of the book, written by HarryB. Smith, but by a score of delightful, tuneful and catchy songs anddances interspersed throughout. Themusic, which was writen by MauriceLevi, is full in harmony with thelines of- the story, and has that appealthat throws music-lovers into ecstacies. v.The striking characteristics of"The Soul Kiss" is its harmony, expresiveness, tunefulness and laughprovoking situations. The music follows the idea of the story now softand iow, now swelling into joyousness and thrills of the intensest kind,ow shading off into dreamy melody,then following the love sentimentIt is one thing to' make sodacrackers that are occasionallygood.It is quite another thing tomake thenr so tha they arealways better than all othersoda crackers, always of unvarying goodness.The name "Unee da "stamped onevery biscuit means that if a millionpackages of Uneeda Biscuit wereplaced before you, you, could chooseany one of them, confident that everysoda cracker in that package wouldbe as good as the best Uneeda Biscuit ,ever baked. Five cents. fNATIONAL BISCUlTxCOMPANYJwith tender harmony, and then breaking out into vigorous expression ofthe joy of life, realizing the elaboratesetting, the color and beauty of theforty participants, then into the cincupated time of the dance, when thegayly costumed galaxy of some fortydancers swing and whirl into thatwild fantasy of the mountain dance,led by Orpha Hewes, direct from theCrystal Palace, London, who was thesensation of Europe's music-halls lastseason, and all these changes are oneblended' whole of laughter, emotions,thrills and delightful sensations, thusmaking "The Soul Kiss" far and awaythe baneermusical attraction of thepast decade.The feminine contingent is composed of attractiveyoung singers anddancers; not the least attractive portion of this production are the"Squabs," who are nearly all of onesize, trim of form and pretty of foce.At the Paris Grand, Saturday, Sept.27.fBe22 fLawmwmmmmmwmmBUY NOW.Our Final Reductions on AllSU MMERFOOTWEAROffers YOU NOW the greatest opportunity of the Season for the purchase of YOUR FOOTWEAR SUPPLY for the family.Buying as we do in GREAT QUANTITIES we are able to offer YOU BEST QUALITYSHOES at a GREAT REDUCTION IN PRICES.We are now offering some EXTRAORDINARY VALUES IN LATEST STYLE FALLFOOTWEAR that we are now receiving daily forMEN, WOMEN and CHILDREN.It is TO1 YOUR ADVANTAGE TO TRADE AT OUR STORE, wliere Courteous "andReliable Dealing Is Assured.. rI JLSole Agents for Famous ' jV WALK-OVER "?-AND-iBEACON SHOESthe: best for mony.ID -A. 1ST C OH E! 3SFw Ia IAs n spial extraction for theCincinnati's Merchant's big fashionweek, the B. P. Keith managementhas n ranged a fashion plate vaudeville e'low vlvca will show entirelynew stjles of the E. F. Keith standarof modern vaudeville. Visitors toCincinnati during fashion week willsee a remarkable array of vaudevillefeatures the equal of which has never before been seen in Cincinnati.The big headline attraction will beJesse ' Lasky's Red Heads, with asuberb cast of pretty people, headedby James B. Carson. This is the feature act that made such a decided hitwith President Wilson at B. P. Keith'sWashington Theatre on September19th. There are twenty beauties selected from the Broadway success fortheir physical charms. Mr. Laskyhas the best production of hiscareer as a thatrical producer andhis red heads will no doubt prove aspopular to the people of Cincinnatias they did to President Wilson. Forfashion week these beauties will weara varied assortment and gorgeouscostumes from the largest modisteshops of Paris and Fifth avenue. Themillinery display will be very ultra.The act will have plenty of livelycomedy and catchy easy-to-whistlemusic that is conspicious in all Lasky's productions.Then there will be Homer Miles &Co., presenting a comedy sketch "Onthe Edge of Things." This is an actthat treats witlflife in the tenaments.Falis and the Barry Girls will presentknock-out success "The Boy NextDoor." Cleo Gascoigne, the doll pirma donna from England and thesmallest performer with the biggestvoice in vaudeville, will make herfirst -appearance in America. LittleCleo has a most magnetic personality and has wonderful technique insinging, which should make her aninstantaneous success. The FieldBros., modern exponents of singingand dancing, will make things livelyin their act, and Harry DeCoe, daredevil with the tables and chairs, willthrill the audience twice a day. Herbert Dyre & Co. are sure to get manylaughs with their comedy pantomimicact, and these are only a few of thebig features to be seen at B. F.Keith's big fashion week show.; y: .Local theatregoers are lookingforward with keen interest to (thecoming of "Broadway Jones' ' to theLexington Opera House Friday evening as Mr. Cohan's new play createda veritable sensation in New York,where it had a run of an entire season, playing to capacity business, andis conceded to be the greatest comedy this brilliant young author hasyet produced.Mr. Cohen's latest effort is a comedy devoid of slang, -as that vernacular is popularly defined, but it nevertheless contains enough smart andbreezy chatter to keep the four actsin which it is written whizzing alongat a pace that keeps astride the markmaintained on all Mr. Cohen's former efforts. At the opening of theplay "Broadway" Jones is arrivinghome very late in a condition thatcould not be arrived at very early.Though he is popuarly suppose to bevery rich, his continued attempts to"burn up Broadway" have cut biginroads into his forame,until at thebeginning of the play he is pennilessand heavily in debt. In order to ridhimself of his numerous obligationshe engages himself io a rich widow,old enough to be his mother, andthough his friends try to break offthe engagement they do not succeed.Then Jones, the hero, gets wordthat his uncle has died and left hima big property in the shape of a Chewing Gum Factory in Jonesville, Conn.,and here the real action of the playbegins. In the scenes that follow theyoung fellow is brought around froma desire to sell his factory and continue his wild career, to an earnestdetermination to keep it for the goodof the little Connecticut town ofwhich it ,is the sole industry, and"Broadway" Jones, money-burner,man-about;town , becomes JacksonJones, factory owner and a respectedman in his communitjvThe cast includes: Thos. V. Emory, Curtis Benton, Geo. B. Miller,Maurice M. Fisher, Mrs. Chas. Willard, Miss Olive Artsell, Miss Morissey and Miss Indie Whitesides.3" aVictor-Victrdlahas a place'in every homoIts artistic design and beavtiful music have ma.2 it '--comein homes of weak".: avlrefinement everywhere.And the many different stylesof the Victor-Victrola make itpossible for every home to haveone of these wonderful instruments. -Come in and see about yours today. f $15 to $200 and if desiredwe'll arrange it so you can enjoypour Victor-Yictrola while payingfor it.ms. -r,vDAUGHERTY BROS.K;Hf