sl z " ?IVr - . v r v vf , . t j, "V.vptJ ,, S..1LTHE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVFBY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARV f3VOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JULY 18, 1913.::T. J. REDMON, WHO KILLEDMISS VANN, DISMISSEDrIFlinmf- -omi" ";rijj0f? f.C tjrV $. - ."JfBiing Us YourWatch WorkAWe are EfficientWe are PromptTry us.rI Quick Lunches ForiHot Weather.nrBoiled Ham Minced HamDried BeefAll these Meats are Sliced Fresh on theMachine for YouImported Swiss Cheese Brick CheeseSnappy CheestPimento in Jars New York CreamTry our Sliced Ham and Breakfast Bacon andYou Will Use no Other.T. C. LENIHAN.Jk We also have a full line of Fruit Jars, Cans yfwS and Jar Rubbers.Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234TTwf4 Jfin P ' -mmmiwmwmmi$mmWe are Determined io Sett This Season'sFaRGo Woat the following xts;$25.00 Suits now22 50 Suits now . . .20.00 Suits now . . .18.00 Suits now . . .15.00 Suits now . . .sggg$16.5014.5013.5012.5010.00mmfcSJE.Now is the time to get well made Suits of all wool material at less than others ask for inferior make.Straw fiats at One-Half PriceBoys' $5.00 Knee Pant Suits for $3.00.FR16& & 60. GiotmersFurnishersIn the Louisville Police Court, Wednesay morning the case against Mr.T. J. Redmon, a prominent farmer of jBourbon county, charged with manslaughter, for having run down andfatally injured Miss Elizabeth Vann,a stenographer, in Louisville, on theevening of July '9, was dismissed byJudge Boldrick.Tn lHsmiRSiner thf oocso tVta -nraaiAincrJudge said:"The first thing the court alwayslooks for in a cas of this kind isligence, and if due to negligence, was flfit criminal negligence. The evidenceshows that the defendant was disconcerted by his collision a few seconds before with a motorcycle ridor.According to the evidence of the motorcyclist, his motor was shut off andhe was merely coasting; under these 'circumstances a motorcycle is hardto manage. It has not been shownwhether the automobile ran into theimotorcycle or the motorcycle ran into the automobile.' At any rate, Mr.Redmon was disconcerted by the collision. "Were I deciding as a juror wheherthe family of Miss Vann should receivedamages, I cerainly ehould give themsubstantial damages. As to the question, however, which we are called upon to decide, I feel that the defendantis certainly not guilty of criminal negligence." James P. Edwarda and Judge W. G.Dearing were the attorneys for the defense, while J. Wheeler Campbell andCamden McAtee represented the prosecution. cOne witness testified that Mr. Redmon did not blow his horn. In opposition to this were the statements ofall the occupants of the automobile,who saidthat the horn was beingblown constantly at the time of theaccident. They were positive thatMiss Vann backed into the machine.A few seconds before Miss Vannwas struck Mr. Redmon's antomobile Jhad grazed the notorcycle of F. G. Bolinger, throwing him from his machine.Mr. Redmon and other witnesses saidthat the motorcycle Was swervingbadly when it was struck. Bohlingerhimself admitted that he was coast-1ing, a condition under which a motorcycle is difficult to manage. Whenthe automobile struck the motorcycle,Mr. Redmon looked to the side of thecar to see if Bohlinger was hurt, andhe was just looking around when hismachine struck Miss Vann. As itcould not be proven in court whosefault the motorcycle accident was, Mr.Redmon, according to the ruling or thecourt, could not be blamed for theaccident -which happened to Miss Vannwhen when Redmon turned his headto see whether Bohlinger was hurt.A depuation of leading citizens ofParis, including State Senator ClaudeM. Thomas, was present to attest tothe good character of Mr. Redmon."WE KNOW HOW"iIf You Have$10 to SpendJust come to this store and invest it in oneof these tw 3-piece Summer Suits which we areselling for a "Ten-Spot."If you want to see real values just glanceat our windows and you will be convinced thatwe can give you a better suit than can'Jbe purchased at any other store!in town for a greatdeal more money.These suits are all well made and trimmed. Coats are 1-2 lined with light-weightalpaca. Trousers either plain or cuff bottoms, belt strap, medium peg top or regularshape. Sizes to fit anyone.&M ;.V-l V.-VSTREET CAR STRIKEENDS WITH AGREEMENT.4Stetson Shoes andStetson HatsManhattan Shirts inbrightsnappySpringstylessatIMitchell & Blakemore,-rt vOutfitters to MenParis, Kentuckyimmmmmwe;. jxaim ,. .' ItMuiiiiiiimmriniittiinimnmiiiiiiiriiinn Mr-i-t k .r a x-v. Ir khimi aouThe street car strike which has beenon in Lexington since midnight Friday, and which affected this city, waseded Tuesday afternoon at 4 o'clock,when Acting Governor E. J. McDermott's compromise measure was accepted and signed by the company andthen by the strikers.The chief points of the articles ofagreement are as follows:The company recognizes the carmen's union.Grievance Committee is to be permitted in case anything arises between the company or the men thatcannot be readily adjusted by them.The company may employ non-unionmen, which means the open shop.The company agrees to reinstate therecently discharged motormen, conductors and shop men.The me may all return to their former positions.All employes who did not join thecarmen's union are to be retained inthe service.No badge or emblem of the association is to be worn by the tnen on thecars.J The contract is to remain in forcetwo years from date.) Interurban cars began running intothis city Wednesday morning, and thecity car beejan making its usual trips,I following the close of the agreement.HThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.239' Mid-SummerCLEARANCE SALENow in ProgressLasts Until July 15DELEGATES TO MILERSBURGMEETING ARE SELECTED.Monday the Nicholas Board ofControl of the Hurst Home Insurace ComDany met in Carlisle and selected John, G. Blair and R. L. Gillespie as delegates to the annual meeting of the Hurst Home Insurance Co.to be held at its offices in Millersburg on August 13, at which time theofficers of the company will be selected and other matters of business importance discussed.Mrs. C. H. Ratliff is visiting relatives in Carlisle.Special Reductions1-4, 1-3, 1-2 off on ' xReady -to- Wear Garments!IncludingStreet and Evening DressesStreet and Evening CoatsLingerie and Wash DressesLinen and Cloth Coats 1Linen and Serge SuitsV---Wt.iipMnfflSpiliiil'ir ilr iiti if iff! iffl 1 i " IP i Tifyr lyTiTrMULE DAY AT THE30URB0N COUNTY FAIR.Wednesday, August 20 will be one ofthe best days of the Bourbon CountyFair. The big mule ring will beshown on that day. This was one ofthe best features last year. The $100premium in the mule class will nodoubt bring out a fine lot of animals.Don't overlook this big feature. 18-tfThis is a great opportunity, for careful buyers to make a worth whilesaving in their bank account, and still purchase up-to-date and dependablemerchandise.Come in and give us the chance to prove our assertions.,1 you want good roads vote for aehanc. Try McMillan for CountyFRANK Sl Caiw,ijH-nnmiiHjywWRBBiW;rHHimmiimiiminiiHUiiiitiiiiWiii(iiuiumiHimmmmmwmMWMmmmmMmA m"is5-CI5Eif3IIITHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 18 19133Ikfr').ax&yV. itxfi...Jvioes Kjnai. M m. W- .to Sveru uJiveryNew models and exclusive patterns areshown at all times in our display of Women'sFootwear. Every pair of these Shoes alsoshow elegance of finish and grace in each particular line. We can give you fitting qualitiesin Shoes which cannot be excelled, and as toservice, it need only be said that our Shoes aremade by the best Shoe makers in the world.We can give them to you in widths as narrowas AA.We invite your inspection.ftGeo. McWilliams,1 roci.Phones 301s&&9&&-&&&&&.Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.y Telephone No. 4.BourbonParis Kentucky.GEO. W.FUNERAL DIRECTOR ANDBOTH'PHONES DASTOMACH TROUBLEX&jdrky of Friends Thought Mr.. Higbes Would Die, Buts -.V - 0a Helped Him toRecovery.?oraeroyton, Ky. In interesting ad--Ticesfrom this place, Mr. A. J. Hugheswrites as follows: "I was down withstomach trouble for five (5) years, andwould have sick headache so bad, atfcmesi at 1 thought surely I would die.v L tried different treatments, but they8Sdnot seem to do me any good.2 sot so bad, I could not eat or sleep,mi ait wy frieids, except ot thought IwotOd die. He advised tne to tryTtodtftrt's Btek-Dmi&ti Md quituippuai-V .omanIThe Shoe ManImmmilHHHMKURl33AiWest 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fov fine work and itdever goes bBck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeLaundry,DAVISLICENSED EMBALMEL137; NIGHT 299.FOR FIVE YEARStaking other medicines. I decided totake his advice, although I did not haveany confidence in it.I have now been taking Black-Draughtfor three months, and it has cured mehaven't hadN those awful sick headachessince I began using it.I am so thankful for what BlackDraught has done for me."Thedford's Black-Draught has beenfound a very valuable medicine for derangements of the stomach and liver. Itis composed of pure, vegetable herbs,contains no dangerous ingredients, andacts gently, yet surely. It can be freelyused by young and old, and should bekept in every family chestGet a package today.Only a quarter,HE BOURDON NEWSlPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year 2.00 Six Months. .1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices. 10 cents per line"each issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space i a newspaper's stock intrad foui 03 of revenue.ANNOUNCEMENTS.The News is authorized to makethefollowing announcements, subiect tothe action of the Democratic PrimaryAugust 2," 1913:For RepresentativeREUBEN HUTCHCRAFT.For State SenatorHON. J. "WILL CLAYRUFUS HADDENFor Commonwealth's AttorneyVICTOR A. BRADLEYFor County ClerkPE ARCE PATONJ. WALTER PAYNEFor Police JudgeR. S. PORTERL. GRINNANTHOS. J. HOLLIDAYE. B. JANUARYFor CoronerGEO. JUL KISERRUDOLPH DAVISFor Mayor """J. T. HINTONJAS. M. O'BRIEN.For Police ChiefJ. C. ELGIN, Sr.W. F. LINKGEO. M. HILL ' ,w-BEN BISHOPGEO. W. JUDYFor JailerJOSEPH FARRISW. O. BUTLERFor Councilmen 'First "Ward"WHITTINGTON MANN.GEO. D. SPEAKES."W. T. BROOKS.Second "Ward.W. O. HINTON.BRUCE MILLER.W A. "WALLEN. , "WM. KENNEY,Third WardJACK WOODS.For Assessor.R. M..GILKEY.L. B. Purnell, Deputy.JOHN S. WIGGINS.Wm. Lynch, Deputy.For County Judgec. a. McMillan.For County AttorneyGEO. BATTERTON.For Magistrate 'ERNEST MARTIN, ParisL. J. FRETWELL, ParisA. L. STEVENSON,ClintonvilleR. O. TURNER, Ruddls Mills.For SheriffW.F. TALBOTT,W. G. McCLINTOCK, DeputyJ. O. MARSHALL, DeputyKentucky Fair Dates.The following are the dates fixedfor holding the Kentucky fairs in 1913as far as reported:Mt. Sterling, July 23 i days. """"Harrodsburg, July 294 days.Madisonville, July 29 i days.Uniontown, Aug. 5 5 days.Taylorsville, Aug. 5 4 days.Tri-County Fair ("Carroll. Gallatin.I Owen), Saunders, Aug. 6 i days.J Danville, Aug. 63 days.xiue jrrass a air, luexington, Aug. 116" days.Mt. Vernon, Aug. 6 3 days.Winchester, Aug. 6 4 days.Berea, Aug. 7 3 days.Fern Creek (Buechel), Aug. 12 4days.Leitchfield, Aug. 12 3 days.Henderson, Aug. 12 5 days.Brodhead, Aug. 13 3 days.Perryville, Aug: 13 3 days.Vanceburg, Aug. 13 4 days.PARIS, AUG. 195 days.Hardinsburg, Aug. 19 3 days.Lawrenceburg, Aug. 194 days.Shepherdsville, Aug. 19 4 days.Erlanger, Aug. 20 days.Stanford, Aug. 20 3 days.Ewing, Aug. 21 3 days.Eminence, Aug. 21 3 days.Elizabethtown, Aug. 26 3 days.Shelbyyille, Aug. 26 4 days.London, Aug. 26 4 days.Nicholasville, Aug. 26 3 days.Florence, Aug. 274 days.Germantown, Aug. 274 days.Alexandria, Sept. 2 5 days.Fulton, Sept. 2 5 days.Frankfort, Sept. 2 1 days.Somerset, Sept. 2 4 days.Bardstown, Sept 3 4 days.-Barboursville, Sept. 3 3 days. ""Tompkinsvlhe. Sept 3 4 days.Franklin, Sept 3 days.Hodgenviilf. .-epr. 9 3 days.Montfcello. Stent. 9 4 days.Morgantown, Sept 11 3 days.SCABIES EPIDEMICPROVES COSTLY ONE.In a report filed by Dr. A. J. Payne,of the Federal Government, with theLive Stock Sanitary Board, it is shownthat it cost $100,000 to eradicate thescabies from the sheep of this State.The Federal quarantine was issued onJuly 1, 1912, and -lifted May 1, 1913.During this period the United StatesGovernment spent $35,450, and thecounties, States and individuals, $63,634, thus making a total of $99,085. Dr.Paye says in the report that the incidental expenses not included ih histabulatio would bring the amount toover $100,000. Of the $63,634 thecounties incurred an expense of $49,528, individuals $11,872 and the State$2,234. Dr. Payne will remain in Kentucky to assist the Live Stock SanitaryBoard in keeping down diseases andepidemics from the stock until thenext meeting of the General Assembly,when that body will be asked to appropriate funds for the employment of aState Veterinarian.RID YOUR CHILDREN OF WORMS.You can change fretful, Ul-temperedchildren into healthy, happy youngsters by ridding them cf worms. Tossing, rolling, grinding of teeth, cryingout while asleep, accompanied by intense thirst, pains in the stomach andbowels, feverishness and bad breath,are symptoms that nidicate worms.Kickapoo Worm Killer, a pleasant candy lozenge, expels the worms, regulates the bowels, restores your children to health and happiness. Mrs.J. A. Brisben, of Elgin, 111., says: "Ihave used Kickapoo Worm Killer foryears and it entirely rid my childrenof worms. I would not be without it"Guaranteed. All druggists, or by mail.Price 25c. Kickapoo Indian MedicineCo., Philadelphia and St. Louis.Tender Heart.An Irishman, being asked by hisangry master what he did to the dogevery day to make him cry out as ifcruelly treated, replied: "Cruellytrait him, yer honor? Not I! I nevercould hurt a poor dumb crathur inme loife; but yer honor bade me cuthis tail, and so I only cut a little bitoff every day, to make it more easyfor him.",FOR CUTS, BURNS -AND BRUISES.In every home there should be a boxof Bucklen's Arnica Saive, ready toapply in every case of burns, cuts,wounds or scalds. J. H. Polanco, Delvalle, Tex., R. No 2. writes: "Bucklen's Arnica Salve saved my littlegirl's cut foot. No one believed itcould be cured." The world's bestsalve. Only 25c. Recommended byL. Oberdorfer and W. T. Brooks.Not Hard to Dccelvt Moiltmt.Times have changed since CaptainBurton, 60 years ago, made a pilgrimage to Mecca at the peril of hislife. A recent account of such a pilgrimage, by A. J. B. Wavell, says thatwith a passable knowledge of Arabicand of Moslem ceremonial, and withdue precautions as to avoiding pilgrims from the country to which onepretends to belong, "the pilgrimage toMecca may be made in disguise without running any risk worth mentioning." BEST MEDICINE IN THE WORLD,"My little girl had dysentery verybad. I thought she would die. Chamberlain's Colic, Cholera and DiarrhoeaRemedy cured her, and I can truthfully say that I think it is the bes,tWilliam Orvis, Claire, Mich. For saleby all dealers.Aid for Short-Sighted.A German doctor has devised a revolutionary method of correcting pooreyesight. It is a telescope spectacleand is claimed to be the best andhealthiest method for a near-sightedperson to bring objects close to theeyes and thus see well at a distance.The glasses are a combination of aconvex objective with a concave eyepiece and have to be fitted most carefully to each person.Corporal Punishment."Casey,, do you know what corporalpunishment is?" "Sure I do," saidPrivate Casey. "It's having a blackguard over ye who thinks he'aas goodas bis colonel."Porch Plant.Save the top, of a pineapple, put itin' a pint jar filled with water and itwill soon root. Then pot it as youwould any other plant and it makes apretty decoration for the porch.Mothers' Magazine."Roxie" Davis !Ok Insurance HgtntLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,LightningBiggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "lNub", Call.2 Helios 137Schange'sCandy Kitcken,119 S. Upper,LEXINGTON, KY.CS A ZX-i-fV, T37UTo Warn, to Comfort and Command"Nature never intended woman to bo dcllcale, ailing, cr a sufferer from"nerves." Women in middle age complain of "hot flashes." Manywomen suffer needlessly from girlhood to uomarfnooJ. and from motherhood to middle life, with backache, cr heacacne, doziness, fair.fcness, orbearing-down sensations. For a permanent rc'ief f:xn: these distressingsymptoms nothing is so good asFAVORITE " PRESCRIPTION" t w txdx.r vmmXTVVk mm -U ip ipiii m n mm 1 m i 1 r r ni" - " Tas a soothing and strengthening nirvine allays and r ubdues nervous ec.tab'.Iy,irritability, nervo"s e-chaustior:. ard othedistressing symptoms commonly attenJantupon Junctional and organic d.seaes of thefeminine oruans. It induces refreshing aleupand relieves mentzl anxiety and despondency.Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellet3 regulate and invigoratestomach. liver and bovelo. Sugar-coated, tiny granules.ISome Hot News.We will in a few days receive a car of SemiAnthricite Coal. It has the Pocahontas fracture, isa much harder Coal therefore comes a betterpreparation, and is an ideal Furnace Coal.ANALYSISVolatile 30.1 0Carbon 66.00Moisture 40Ash. 3.50Is you are interested in a first-class furnaceCoal, come to the yard ofDodson Deo tonThe Home of Good CoalYards, South Main St. Coth Phones 140N: v is th- tim- to ky in your .Winter CoalsS&QasSSS) $&2Sk1. Sells My Products 4. Protects the Home n2. Gets Best Prices 5. Helps the Housewife3. Brings Supplies 6." Increases Profits7. Pays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet.For information, call manager. -Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporatedEverv WomanmiCome to the BigCASH - RAISINGSALETwin BioCorner Seventh and ain Sts.Big Bargains in Dry Goods, Dressgoods, Silks, Ladies' andMisses' Skirts, Waists, Dresses, Millinery,Shoes, Slippers, Etc. JCome to The Big Sale.We are agents for Pictorial Patterns, Buster Brown Hose,Bon Bon and W. B. Corsets.It is not only Hghtninproof but fiistorm-proof,CORTRIGHT METAL SHINGLESlast as long as the buildinz and never need renalrcJust the thing for town or countrymAit PVAfW frmrhhrtr rr rnmrnrf kam.Ut J...ww.. w.w.j vv...w.. v wwtutwii, vcauiy mm security.w & rrP-.37W S.A a")H" 1p. i, in rw For Sale byBest & Hawkins, Millersbur?, Ky.- 7Uirf?Tr JJJrr-mrJirIIiITe ' averits Prescription"i;'Tt n ev - whsre3.nd foro cr40cars asthe starJrd remedy for tiz diseases ofvjTien. ": our dealer in medicines se.Is it inl.quid or fibict torm; oryou can send 50 onecent stamps tor z Inal bo: of D-. Pierce'sFavonia P-cn.on tablets. Address Dr.Pien-e, Invo.da' Hotel, Eutfalo, N. V.r-rr?-t-.jar-,'r"ic;fer&5cjSBw-.-. SSteSlitASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the CumberlandTel -ephoneworks for him. He will reply:s. Depanmem stoibuildings, because theyf1i'Mmmmmmmmmmmmmt'1" &&-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., JULY 18 1913L'';,T. .-i4&iI-.rSi-itMaster's SaleBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.' H. C. McCreary,J. W. Borchess,J. E. Borchess, doing businessunder the firm name of McCreary& Co PlaintiffsVs NOTICE OF SALE.E. E. Landis and the L. &N. Railroad Co., a Corporation v DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale of the Bourbon Circuit Court, rendered in the abovestyled action, at the June, 1913, term,the undersigned Master Commissionerwill sell at public auction to the highest and best bidder, at the CourtHouse door, in Paris, Ky., about thehour of 11 o'clock, onSATURDAY, JULY 26, 1913the following described property:"Seventeen horses and mules; sevenlarge scrapers and blacksmith, including all tools, etc."Said sale will be made upon creditof four months, purchaser or purchasers being required to executebond for the purchase price, with goodsecurity thereon, to be approved bythe Master Commissioner, payable tothe said Commissioner, and bearing interest at the rate of 6 per cent, perannum from date of sale until paid,said bonds having the force and effectof a replevin bond. Said sale will bemade to secure the plaintiff, H. C.McCreary & Co., for a judgment inthe sum of $1,658.25, with interestthereon at the rate, of 6 per cent, perannum from' the lifth day o f November, 1912, and the costs of this action,amounting to .-. . . . ., and theundersigned Master Commissioner willsell the said personal propetrty or somuch thereof as may be necessary tosatisfy and discharge the plaintiff's'aidtclalm of $1,658:25 .vithMgterestand" costs.c. a. McMillan,M." C B. Gf. C.M. F. Kennej Auc'tr.'(July 4-11-18-25 )SURPRISING CURE OF STOMACHTROUBLE.When you have trouble with yourstomach or chronic constipation, don'timagine that your case is beyond helpjust because your doctor fails to giveyou relief. Mrs. G. Stengel, Plainfield,N. J., writes: "For over a month pastI have been troubled with my stomach.Everything 1 ate upset it terribly.One of Chamberlain's advertisingbooklets came to me. After readinga few of the letters from people whohad been cured by Chamberlain's Tablets. I decided to try them. I havei taken nearly three-fourths of a package of them and can now eat almosteverything that I want." For sale byall dealers.You have tried Dundon for eightyears and you know he gives you badroads. Take a chance on a change.Vote for McMillan for County Judge.Anger Is Not Manly.Let this truth" be present to thee inthe excitement of anger that to bemoved by passion is not manly, butthat mildness and gentlenese, as theyare more agreeable to human nature,so also are they more manly, for inthe same degree in which a man'sI mind is nearer to freedom from all! passion, in the same degree aleo is itucaicx aj du cugui.iuai uuo iiuiciiue.THE KING. OF. ALL LAXATIVES.For constipation, headaches, indigestion and dyspepsia, use Dr. King'siNew Life Pills. Paul Mathulka, ofBuffalo, New York, says they, are thej "King of all laxatives. They are" ablessing to all my family and I always'keep a box of them ,at. home." Get a'box and get well. Price 25c. Recommended by L. Oberdorfer and W. T.i Brooks.If you are satisfied with bad roads,keep Dundon in office. If you wantgood roads for the taxes you pay voteagainst 'him. Vote for McMillan forCounty Judge.OUEBCC mag AAA FAILS .iMONTREAL AWROMOACX MT5.IOOO ISLANDSLBAN1 JkjBOCTON.fcjtlV iCcNew England Points)See that your ticket reads viasmmiEUNesiMGbntraJ LinesBig Four "The WaterLevel Route" JkAnd take your choice of boat or trainbetween Detroit and Buffalo andbetween Cleveland and Buffalo. J 1Ston off if vou like at Niacrara Falls. the world's greatest cataract. ( JThe trip between Albany and New Yorkmay be made by luxurious train or by Hudson River steamer all tickets are optional.For tickets and all information see your localagent or addressE. R. WHELENGeneral Agent Passenger Department, Cincinnati, OhioFARMANIMALSBUTTERMILK GIVEN TO HOGSBetter Results Would Be Secured ifNot Put into Ration Until Pigs AreFive Weeks Old.To an inquiry Prof. W. H. Pew ofthe Iowa Agricultural college givesthe following suggestions on feeding butterhillk to hogs:Buttermilk when free from water,used for washing 'the butter, makesexcellent feed for hogs. The greattrouble as we find it, coming fromthe creameries is that it is hard todetermine how much excess water iscontained in it. At the present pricefor feeds, I think you will be verysafe in paying 20 cents per 100pounds for buttermilk that is freefrom excess of water.In regard to the way it is fed, I anaysay that for bows that are nursingyoung pigs', it should be fed in verysmall "quantities, if at all, and Iwould suggest diluting it Better results would be had if the buttermilkis not 'put into the ration until thepigs are at least four or five weeksold. It is particularly good for growing pigs, as well as fattening hogsTThe show farrows at this college arealways fed and finished on corn andbuttermilk. , . . , .s .' X 5ooTration for the sows that arenursing pigs of , anv age when noirouDie win De naa rrom scouring,would be as follows; Cornmeal, onepart; bran two parts, with buttermilk three to four pounds for eachpound of grain mixture.Corn and buttermilk afford a verygood ration for fattening hogs Forgrowing pigs it might be of advantageto make a slop of shorts and buttermilk and feed corn on the ear besides.EXCELLENT FOR THE LAMBSWheatbran Is Good Feed for Youngsters to Begin On Give Abundance of Pasture if Possible.BIG DEAD TO LIFENew York Doctor Claims to HavePerformed Act.Blood Transfusion Revivified Pneumonia Victim After Respiration HadCeased Dr. Soresi Talks ofOperation.A good flockmaster holds that foryoung lambs wheatbran is most excellent to begin with, and after theybecome stronger the bran should bemixed with corn meal in equal quarters. He says that oat meal, or oatswhen they can eat it, should be added to balance the ration, for oats is!nearly a balanced food itself. Aftergrowing a little they will shell theirown corn, if given to them on the cob.The lambs that are to be raised onthe farm should not be forced so fast.They need plenty of food, but thegrain ration should be small and nocorn should be used. They should be'given plenty of exercise and an abundance of good pasture if possible.Corn tends to fatten and will produce uncertain breeders of short season. Wheat bran and oats are probably the two safest materials of foodthat can be used. When the grass becomes stronger and good in thespring, grain feeding is not neededfor those lambs that are to remain onthe farm, and only the corn will remain as the dry feed ration for themarket lambs.The grass is better than any othernitrogenous food.PREVENTS WASTING OF HAYBox or Chute Extends From Loft toManger, and as Feed Is EatenMore Comes From Top.CT.s-IV. . li6-vr-w-i LI3HHN . . t MXiXATJf JL r kLow Round Trip Faresu-from Paris toNew York & Boston30 day limit Tourist fares toNew York $28.0060 day limit variable route fares toNew York $31.95 Boston $35.55Reduced round trip fares to many other cities and resorts in die EastSuperior Service to the EastFor particulars, rates, folders, descriptiveliterature and sleeper reservations, addressW. H. HARRIS, Ticket AgentBox extends from loft to manger.It is two feet square at top and fourfeet at bottom. The hay slips downthrough box as fast as eaten, saysthe Prairie Farmer. Nail boardsacross bottom of box and let themv .New York. The miracle of bringingthe dead back to life, Dr. A. L. Soresiof Fordham university thinks, will bea scientific achievement of the future.Dr. Soresi. attached to the staff ofFlower hospital, has for five yearsconducted experiments of transfusionof blood, with results, he says, thatare amazing.Professor Soresi told of saving thelife of a patient stricken with pneumonia by transfusion of blood to theleft side of the heart after respirationhad entirely ceased in the patient andthe body was apparently moribund.After explaining his experimentswith transfusion of blood in animals,Professor Soresi said:"An experiment with a pneumoniapatient was perhaps not as spectacular. This patient was entirely withoutrespiration from all known tests ap1plied, and therefore actually moribundto all human knowledge, when I madea transfusion of blood from a normalman through the jugular vein of thepatient. The return to life "wasprompt and recovery followed In duecourse. N v"If such transfusions could be madepromptly the' lose of life could be materially lowered."In a recent 'test at Flower hospitalI pumped all the blood from a doguntil the animal lay absolutely lifeless. For fifteen minutes I allowedthe animal to remain without a sparkof life. The heart had stopped beating and every function of life hadceased."I connected the blood vessels ofthe dog with those of another dog andpermitted the blood to flow. Inside offive minutes there was a complete return of life, and the dog soon wasyelping in an entirely normal way.Other experiments with dogs haveyielded results as amazing."When the way has been found toconnect directly with the left side ofthe heart medical science will be ableto restore human beings to life afterall animation has been suspended, pro-,vlded there is no organic trouble. Theresuscitation will be effective in casesof gas or drug poisoning, hemorrhages, and such diseases as typhoidfever and pneumonia. Sudden deaths,by accident, when no vital organshave been crippled, will fall withinthe scope of the transfusion method."Under the new science it will bepossible to restore life after it hasbeen extinct for half an hour. I amdevoting most of my time to theseexperiments and hope before long tobe able to make an important announcement to the world of science."Can't Keep It Secret.The splendid work of Chamberlain'sTablets is daily becoming more widely known. Np such grand remedy forBtomach and liver troubles has everbeen known. For sale by all dealers.PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENTWill cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching Piles.It absorbs the tumors, allays itching: at once,acts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and 81.00.WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.For Sale.1913 model motor cycles and motorboats at bargain prices, all makes,brand new machines, on easy monthlypayment plan. Get our propositionbefore buying or you will regret it,also bargains in used motor cycles.Write us to-day. Enclose stamp forreply. Address, Lock Box 11, Trenton,Mich. julyl-2tFor Rent.Cottage of 5 rooms', newly paperedand painted, inside and out. Electriclights, water and sewer connections.Possession at once. Call East Tenn.Phone 34. tfMartin Bros fFurniture Itwiig,City Transferand First-CabsLiveryOur Facilities forHeavy Hauling, isGood.Our Livery is as good as theother fellows.. Horses Jfedby the week or month.We would appreciate lashare of your business.Prompt attention given allorders.Both Phones 260. .MARTIN BROSEighth JSt.Paris, KentuckyiSPECIAL TRAIN EXCURSION --CINCINNATI AND RETURNSunday, JULY 20$1.25iRoundTrip1.25RoundTripSPECIAL TRAINLeaves GEORGETOWN 7:45amASK TICKET AGENT FOR PARTICULARS.BUY TIMARCHUS SILVER COINBritish Museum Acquires Relic ofBabylon Is Very Rare andHighly Prized.Chute for Hay.extend out on the side where the opening is. Nail a six or eight inch boardaround the edge of these boards toform a kind of tray, and no hay wHlbe wasted.NATIONAL CONSERVATION EXPOSITION. KNOXYILLE. SEPTEMBER-OCTOBER, 1913i-l1 4iCCxJI Live .rofflAn orchard makes an ideal pig pasture. Shelters should be kept in order inevery pig pasture.Be sure that the weanings are not"run down" by flies.Similarity of breeding'' insures offspring of greater value.Slop will not quench a pig's thirst,especially during hot weather.Cowpeas planted in the corn rowsmake fine fall forage for hogs.Caustic potash iB used in removinghorns from very young animals.The orchard is good for "the pigs,and the pigs are good for the orchard.We cannot grow pigs profitably without feed enough to keep 'themjgainingstLondon. The British museum hasjust acquired a silver coin of Timarchus, Satrap of 'Babylon, part of theSyrian empire. Timarchus on thedeath of the reigning king of Syria.Antiochus IV., in 162 Bye, usurpedthe throne, refusing to acknowledgeDemetrius and his wife, Laodlce, thelegitimate successors. Timarchusreigned only one year, during whichtimo he struck a few coins, which arenow very rare. Of these one is aunique gold coin now In the Berlinmuseum; another a unique silver coinof one drachm, which is in the British museum. Until recently no speoimen of the larger four drachm silvercoin was known to exist except one,which had been taken by the legitimate rulers, Demetrius and his wife,and reBtruck with their portraits. Lastyear a coin bearing the effigy of Timarchus was sold at an auction In Germany, and another example, taken tothe British museum a short time ago.has now been secured for the nationalcollection.Victor Bogaert Co.,I Jewelers and ImporetrsIDEALERS IN HIGH-CLASSI Diamonds andr PreciuosStonesIS PROTOTYPE OF "OLD ABE"Kentucky Farmer May Serve asModel for Sculptor In MakingLincoln Statue.Louisville. There is a possibilitythat George Grey Barnard, the NewYork sculptor who has come to Ken-,tucky in search of a living model forthe statue he is to make of AbrahamLincoln, will find his man in Ben A.Lee of Lebanon, -Ky.L. Bernard Thompson of Lebanon,having seen Mr. Bernard's advertisements, addressed a letter to him, saying that Mr. Lee, who is fifty yearsold, Is so like the martyred presidentin form and feature that he is familiarly known as "Abe Lincoln."Of Mr. Lee Mr. Thompson writes:"He is a farmer by occupation andstrictly of the Anglo-Saxon type withthe ' physical features of centuriesago."Locates Sweetheart at "Movies."Craig, Cal. While watching a moving picture here, Norman E. Lowe,recognized one of the actresses as hissweetheart, Miss Thelma Lumsden,from whom he, was separated threeyears ago by the wrecking of an excursion boat in the Hudson river.Lowe wrote to her in care of the producers of the film and 'received a request to come at once.We carry a large assortment of Sterling Silver, andeverything in the Jewelry line.Your patronage is solicited.VICTOR BOGAERT CO.1 33-1 35 W. Main St.,1Lexington, - - KentuckyL.Twin Bros.' Department Store,701-703 Main Street, CornerJSeventhSeelOur Window For$12.50, $15.00 and $18.00 SuitsReduced to$9.98These Suits are in the latest styles and colors and armexcellentvalues. Take a look at them. We also hare &full line of Shoes, Hats, Caps, Shirts and everything thatMen and Boys wear.TWINBROS CLOTHING DEP'TLIWoRsteki, Propri or."ji.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KY.,.JULY 18,1913t3 .'.I.9kV.!!,3fet3!-)! iil.fi:Mlli 4!l!J iTThe Bourbon NewsEstablished Feb. 1, 1881.OLD MOTHER PUBLIC HAS SUPPLIED HIM WITH "SUGAR TEATS"FOR THE PAST TWENTY YEARS, BUT IS HE NOT GETTING BIGENOUGH TO BE WEANED?-itWIFT CHAMP,- Editor andPublisher(Entered at the Paris Kentucky Postoffice as Mail Matter of the SecondClass.)REGISTER TOMORROWIn compliance with a provisionof the primary election law,County Clerk Pearce Paton willon Saturday, July 19, conducta special registration. This registration will be held in the office of the County Clerk from 6 a.m. until 5 p. m. and will be forthe benefit of those voters whoare qualified to vote, but for'statutory reasons were unableto register last fall, and for thosewho have changed their place ofresidence since the last registration day.A VOTER'S SENSIBLE VIEWS.fiditor Bourbon News:Judge Dundon would shirk- responsiiility for the condition of the countyi roads by saying that the Magistratesare to blame and not he. This sounds- v like a boy who would escape the flog, 'Siog he knows is due him by trying tothrow the blame for his misdemeanorapoa. his companions. .tt -J Jadge Dundon is just as 'much in. fact more responsible for the condition"" of the roads than any Magistrate, be,'. cswe he is the head of the FiscalCourt with power to call the MagisC trates together at any time to attendto any business of the county which in- his opinion demands attention.k Again, as the head of the FiscalCourt his influence is paramount andpredominant, and any reasonable plans? lor improving the rods that he wouldc insist upon would certainly be adopted. If not he could call the Court tof gether for them to aopt and carry outsome plan to discharge the duty which", is imposed upon the Fiscal Court tokeep the turnpikes in order.After all. why any difficulty aboutthe County Judge discharging hisduty with reference to the turnpike?nd giving lis good turnpikes in exxihange for the tax collected each yearlor that purpose? Bourbon county.tax payers pay into the treasury of3ourbon county forty or fifty thousanddoUars a year to maintain her. roadsTpSTith these figures before you rideover the roads of Bourbon county andsee what we have in exchange for thisannual tax. Some of the favored taxpayers who live near the city of Parison some highway that has receivedespecial attention .have no conception, -of the miles and miles of turnpike inBourbon county over which people arecompelled to ride who pay taxes justV ts promptly as do the favored few who.live on the favored pikes. This duty-to provide the public with roads in- -consideration of the taxes the public-pays is discharged in other counties-without any difficulty. Then why notX In Bourbon county?: All this talk about Judge Dundonj 3iot being responsible sounds as though, ihe making and keeping up of thev 3oads were a task which nobody could1 - "perform; whereas, the County Judgesin other counties discharge this duty'e 'to the public without any difficultyvjriateTeBj1 The trouble is Judge Dundon hasM ibeen. unwilling to interrupt the easyW dignity with which he holds down theX 'chair in his comfortable office in theF Cour House long enough to ride out" -over the turnpikes of Bourbon countyand see for himself what it is the peor ile are making such a row about. Thetax payers of Bourbon county know, orC -ought to know, that the highest courtof this State has decided that theCounty Judge, as well as the Magis-trates, is indictable by the GrandJury for misconduct in office where inany county there is a failure to main--tainthe public roads in proper con-JkX dition. Of course everybody knows'T" that to decide that the County Judgemay be indicted for this means that he"" is responsible for this condition ofthings, because you cannot punish aman for anything for which he is not"" responsible.In the absence of any law on thissubject the County Judge as well as,m the head of the Fiscal Court must beield accountable on the same principlej -that the President as the head of aRepublican or Democrtic administration is held responsible in the publicmind for the success or failure of thatadministration. If in the minds of thevoters of this county an administrationis not a success, the President is heldresponsible and voted out of office.Somebody must be held responsible,and why not the head? If this duty tothe tax payers of Bourbon had been.properly performed, Judge Dundon-would have stuck a feather in his capand .said: "I did it," and solicited votesfrom the tax payers of Bourbon countyon the ground that he had discharged""his duty to the public with referenceto the turnpikes of Bourbon county,in such a way that he merited the approval of the tax payers of Bourboncounty, but having failed to dischargethat duty he sidesteps and says "theyam it, ana unaertaKes to put it overon. the Magistrates, though, accordingto the highest court in his State hecannot put it off on anybody else."Will the voters of Bourbon countyconsent that the forty or forty-fivethousands of dollars wrung from themannually by the road tax shall be expended for four years more under the'direction of a County Judge who disxjlaims responsibility for the way thes money is spent? Is it not time thatBourbon county should elect a CountyJadge who admits the responsibilityimpoed upon him by law to keep thetwrapikee in Bourbon county in goodi dition for proper travel?. A DEMOCRAT.STrth) CcoUHTv) fpujrm (uhty) rtomrrY) -. Jfond ( ATTY ' 7v0AVj(joOC-E ( ZoUnA StMiMiiemoREGISTER SATURDAY.In compiance with the provision of the primary election law,County Clerk Pearce Paton willon Saturday, July 19, conduct aspecial registration. The registration will be held in the office of the County Clerk from 6 a.m. to 6 p. m. and will be for thebenefit of those voters who arequalified to vote, but for statutory reasons were unable to register last fall, and for those whohav changed their place ofresidence since the last registration day.TPARIS GRAND EXTRATwo Special! Performances Matineeand EveningWednesday, July 23STOCK AND FARM NOTESOur cartoonist has not overdrawn the picture if you will stop a momentto think what hte public' and Bourbon County have done for the presentCounty Judge. -The County, took charge of him before he arrived at 21 years of age andgavehim a college education which continued for four or five years. Taketthe'Iist of parents in Bourbon county who have raised families and see howfew of them have have been able to give their sonsa finished college educationwhich is as much of a start in life as any young man should desire of hisparents or of the public.Then Bourbon County put him in the office of County Attorney for fouryears. Then gave him a second term of four 'years, making eight years asCounty Attorney.In this office he was able to build up his law practice from the commanding position in which Bourbon County placed him and this private practiceenhanced his income and all of this he owes to the people of Bourbon County.Then the people of Bourbon County put him in thejDffice of County Judgefor four years and gave him the second term of four years, thus making sixteen years of continuous office holding besides the four or five yeas of thebenefit of the Garth Fund. -In the office of County Judge for eight years he continued' the process ofbuilding up his private practice, that position bringing many people to him.He did not even take the time forn his private practice to ride over the roadsof Bourbon County, or to acquaint himself with the condition of the hundredsof miles of turnpike in Bourbon County, for which duty he was neverthelesswell paid by Bourbon CountyKThus the public has done everything that Judge Dundon could possiblyask for the past twenty years. After this recital of facts as to what helphe has received, examine the above work of the catoonist carefully and youwill see he has not exaggerated the situation.Does he not realize that he has had more than his share?What sensible ground can be advanced in his behalf to justify the peopleof Bourbon County giving him a third term as County Judge? He cannot aska third term as an endorsement because he has so outrageously neglected theturnpikes of Bourbon County, that no man who stops to think a minute willgive him the endorsement of his vote. If you do not believe he neglected the4turnpikes of Bourbon County, read the report of the Grand Jury made afterexamining witnesses from every part of the County as to the. condition ofthe roads of Bourbon County.If you want to ratify the shameful waste of the taxes paid by the people ofBourbon County for turnpikes for the past eight years, then vote for Dundon.If you want to protest against the condition of the roads of Bourbon County and the waste of the people's money, record your protest by voting againstDundonrIT IS TIME FOR A CHANGE RECORD YOUR VOTE FOR A CHANGE.Clarence Lebus, of Cynthiana, isplanning to build five large concretesilos on five of his farms.John J. Cozatt, of Richmond, purchased a pair of extra good mulesfrom B. W. Durham, of Junction City,for $500.It cost more than $100,000 to eradicate scabies and lift the Federal quarantine on Kentucky "sheep from July1, 1910, to May 1, 1913.In Scott county, Hambrick & Sonsold to S. Weil, of Lexingon, 58 headof 1,400-lb cattle at $8 per cwt., to bedelivered between July 20 and Aug. 5.Gentry, Thompson & Duvall, ofLexington, purchased of Thos. Robertson a fancy horse mule at $150 and 2mare mules at $200. They bought ayearling horse mule from Patton & McClintock, of Bourbon, at $250.I-TRAD MAIMOlWm&bUsUlMarvelousKinetophoneTalkingttiUS !I40ttThe Play, the Voice, the Action,produce True to Life.Re-"Edison's most realistic mvention.,' Philadelphia Ledger."It is so real, the actors are applauded." New York Press."So amazingly perfect they are really weird.,, Chicago Tribune."Make the pictured actors appear real." New York Times."A storm of enthusiasm swept over the audience.' ' Boston Journal.EDISON'S TALKING PICTURES-1Matinee Prices, 25 and 35c Evening, 25, 35, 50cReserved Seats at Mitchell & Blakemore's.One of the large barns belongingto Granville Cecil, on Salt River, was Irecently burned. The barn cost about$3,000.A lot of baled hay, 500 barrelsof corn, farm machinery, and a largegasoline engine were destroyed. Hisloss was about $5,000, with only $1,000insurance.In Montgomery county, Chas.Hainline sold to R. C. Gatewood 40feeding cattle for October delivery at7c. N. Oscar Moss sold to the. MtSterling Stock Yards Go. 25 head of1,000-lb steers for Sept. delivery at$6.25. Chas. C. McDonald bought ofElgin and Waller Sharp, of Bath, 100big cattle for August delivery at 7&C.and 8c.Monday was County Court day inCarlisle. The crowd was only a fairsized one, and only a small amount ofbusiness was done.Victor Ross purchased of Chas Layson, of Millersburg, 200 lambs to gonext week at the high price of 7 1-4cents.Mike O'Connell sold to W. D. Mclntyre, of Millersburg, nine 700 poundsteers at 6 1-4 cents.Carlisle Mercury: "Seven carloadsstock were shipped from Carlisle Saturday. Clifton Gillespie, Tom Crouch,Whaley '& Stoe and Henry Bros,each shipped a carload of cattle toCincinnati. Ben and P. B. Henry,Moffett & Mclntyre and A. P. Kernseach shipped a carload of lambs to theEastern market."!!We have tried Dundon eight years.He has given us no roads for our taxes.Let us have a change. Let us try MeMillan, who pledges us good roads inreturn for our taxes.Maker's Sale-OFi - " !Judge Dundon in the act of inspecting the turnpikes of Bourbon County.He has inspected them for eight yeas in the same way. (If you don'tbelieve it, ask the Grand Jury who investigated the subject.)The tax-payer at the window (whose palm fan is supplied with motorpower furnished by himself) has paid high taxes on the same day every yearfor eight yeas and has acquired a forlorn expression, due to appealing to theCounty Judge so many times in vain to give him a turnpike he can ride overbut with the same result "nothing doing." "Might Years Bad Roads Try :. A.McMillan Four Years.Real Estate.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.'John N. Steele, Extr. - -..PlaintiffVs. NOTICE OF SALEBailey Arkle, &c. - - - DefendantUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale rendered in the abovestyled action at the June, 1913, term.ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court, ther undersigned Master Commissioner will sellat public auction, to the best and highest bidder, at the Court House door, inParis, Ky., onMONDAY, AUGUST 4, 1913,Nat about the hour of 11 o'clock, a. m.,the following described property:"A certain house and lot of groundin Paris, Ky., on Second street, fronting thereon sixty (60) feet and running back therefrom 208 feet to the lotof Sandford Blackburn, and being theproperty conveyed to Bailey Arkle byW. T. Brooks and others of record inDeed Book 69, page 125,less he lotsthat were conveyed by Bailey Arkleto Sandfor Blackburn Dy deed of record in Deed Book 73, page 72, and toGeo. Blackburn by deed of record inDeed Book 69, page 125, less the lotsdeeds reference is made for more particular description."Said sale will be made upon creditsof six and twelve months for equalparts of the purchase money purchaserbeing required to execut e bond forequal installments of the purchaseprice with good security thereon, to beapproved by the Master Commissioner,payable to said Commissioner, bearinginterest at the rate of six per cent, perannuni from date of sale and to remain a lien on the property sold until paid and to have the force and effect of a judgment.C. A. MCMILLAN,M. P. Kenney, M. C. B. C. C.' Auctioneer.Talbott & Whitley, Attorneys.'July 18-25-Aug 1rEverybody is Going toThe Blue Grass FairSix Big Days and NightsI Monday, Aug. 1 1-vAmerica's Greatest Horse Show.6 Big Horse Stakes. Running and Harness RacesDaily. $20,000 in Premiums. Splendid Display of Every Class of Live Stock.Liberates Concert Band and CrandOpera Company.High Class Vaudeville Every Turn aHeadliner.Free Acts DailyEverybody from everywhereHike to the Blue Grass Fair.You may see all the rest,But come to Lexington to get the bestReduced Rates on All Roads.Tor Catalog or further Information, addressJOHN W. BAIN. Secretary,Lexington, Ky!Lj$tMi II 1U 111 191 Ml fS&ojSlPl1 11 II 1 19Q'mSSmBiBmMr fjffi&mwXm &&yajpV" W&sW IfTTa IOH rar -42 1 1I ONCE HADMONEYI HAD FRIENDSI LOANEDMY MONEY TOMY FRIENDS'I ASKED MYMONEY OF MYFRIENDS.I HAVE NOMONEYIHAVE NOIFRIENDS7FEAD ONLY"HADJrN OlJLBANK ' WOLKfiYoung man, you have no friend as good-as YOUJ&OWN MONEY. It can always be relied upon. If you loseyour job, or get hurt, or sick, if other friends forsake you,which they would, your money will stay with you. Have itin OUR BANK where it is safe and where you can getwhen you want it.Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, -interest on Savings.itDEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.Capital, $100,000.00!J. M. HALL, PREWOCNTSMrptes, 540,000.00.C K. THOMAS. CASHHCR.I1tijjMjjgauamii.mmwj-t&fTTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 18, 1913bf"T5.?'C((fw7Z?trkHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADEA MONEY SAVER.We are now offering bargains inwall paper put on. See us. We cansave you money.J. T. HINTON.FRUITS.Fine fruits of all kinds, includingpeaches and pineapples.C. P. COOK & CO.ABOUT THE FAIR.Due to the untiring effots of Mr.John Wigginsprospects rre that wewill have the biggest and best Fair inits history, but the citizens must dotheir part. This is a good opportuityfor the people of Paris to show thejnany strangers during Fair week thatwe are a progressive town. Brightlylighted stores and homes is the bestevidence of this. Electricity is thecles.n, cool, safe, economical modernilluminant. Talk it over with theElectric Co. today.SALE STARTS TOMORROW.Fee's Grocery Co. Closing Out Salestarts Saturday, July 19.WHITE SHOE BARGAINS.See our display of white shoes inour show window All canvas shoes,-all styles, go at $1.48, worth $2,50 and$3.00. This is a rare opportunity forthe ladies to get shoe bargains. Theymust be sold as we don't intend tocarry them over.(18-2t) GEO. McWILLIAMSSURGICAL DEPARTMENTAT HOSPITAL IS OPENED.Through the failure of certa'u fixtures to be used in the operating roomat tbe W. W. Massia Memorial Hospital to arrive, the owning of thes urgical department haz been doir.rrfbut will be opeed this week. Thefixtures for th's department were lostin transit, and a few days ago theywere locatei in Lexmgron where tbevhad been shipped by mistake. 'L'fceywere immediately forwarded to Fanand their installation is Hearing completion. APPOINTED ADMINISTRATOR.Dr. J. S. Sebree was yesterday appointed administrator of the estateof Amanda Steuban, by Judge DenisDundon, in the County Court.OUR SPECIALTY.Representing one of the best engaving houses in the South, we makea specialty of this line. High-classengraving, such as calling cards, reception and at-home cards, weddinginvitations and announcements. Satisfaction guaranteed.15-4t PARIS BOOK CO.CLOSING OUT SALE.Twenty-pound sack best Cane Sugar,$1.25 at Fee's Closing Out Sale, Saturday, July 19.SCHOOL BUILDING TOBE REMODELED.The Parochial School building, .located on High street in the rear ofCaholic church, arid which was partilly destroyed by fire last spring is undergoing repairs. The building, whichwas a large two-story frame, will bechanged into a one-story house, theentire floor to be converted into alarge hall for social purposes. Thework of remodeling the Miller Wardproperty, corner of Twelfh and Main,which was purchased by the trusteesof the school, will commence thisweek. The first floor will be covvertedinto three school rooms, and livingrooms for the Sisters who will havecharge of the school, will be arrangedon the second floor. Other necessarychanges will also be made, all o becompleted in time to open the fall termof the school.YOU WILL BE PLEASED.Get shoe satisfaction by traing at(18-tf) FELD'S.SECURE AMUSEMENTFEATURES FOR FAIR.With the view of giving the amusement-lovingpeople who will attendthe Bourbon Fair during the week ofAugust 19, the Amusement Committeeof the Bourbon County AgriculturalSociety has closed a contract with theLittlejohn Amusement Co. to furnish the carnival features. The Littlejohn Carnival Co. gave an exhibitionhere several weeks ago under the auspices of the local order of Eagles. Hisline of attractions will be augmentedby a umber of other attractions whichwill bring the number to almost ascore, and besides there will be several free feature attractions.Secretary John Wiggins, togetherwith the various committees of the Society, has been busily engaged in making the final arrangements for theholding of the exhibition, which thisyear gives every promise of being thebiggest success since the Society wasxe-organized several years ago. Thecatalogue, which will be issued fromthe .News omce, is rapidly nearingcompletion and another week will findlist of premiums ready for distribution.A large umber of the most attractivepremiums will be offered this year inthe various classes of stock and manyspecial prizes. One of the features ofthe week's exhibition will be the Babies' Health Exhibit uder the auspicesof the Babies' Health League, andwhich will prove a new departure inthe baby show which has always beena feature of the Bourbon Fair.GROCERY BARGAINS.Nine cake of Lenox Soap for 25cents at Fee's Closing Ou Sale Sat-SOCIAL ND PERSONALMr. Stoller Best, of Richmond, isvisiting friends in this city.Miss Botts, of Mt. Sterling, is theguest of Mrs. W. R. Scott.Mr. and MrsB. T. Hinton havereturned fromMichigan.an extended trip toMrs. James Benton, of Cynthiana,was the guest of Mrs. Thompson Tarrthis week.Mr. Vance Huffman will leave Sunday for a visit to relatives in Springfield, Ohio.Mr. John Yerkes left Monday forLouisville totake a position in a largeimplement house.Miss Margaret Petree of Victoria,Texas, is here for a visit to her aunt,Dr. Martha Petree.Misses Hattie and Mary Clarkhave gone to Chautauqua, N. Y.,to remain several weeks.-Miss Ettavieve Foote, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Foote, of thiscity, is ill at Winchester.Miss Alice Behrman, of Newport,Ky., is visiting her sister, Mrs. J. W.Bacon, on Cypress street.Miss Margaret Davis, of Lexington, is visiting her aunt, 'Miss AnnaM. Davs, on Pleasant street.Mrs. James Stone Helm, of Lexington, will return home tday after avisit to Mrs. Thompson Tarr.Mr. Chester Gravely, of Salem,-Va., is7 the" -guest of Mr. William B.Tinsley, at the Windsor Hotel.Miss Elizabeth Tarr v entertaineda number of young people Mondayevening at her home in the country.Mr. and Mrs. Robert Meteer, ofnear Hutchicon, will leave tomorrowfor Martinsville, Ind., for a two weeks'stay.Mr. and Mrs. H. L. Terrel andMiss Sena Rion left Tuesday forClark's Lake, Mich., to spend twoweeks,Hartwell Merrimee, the littl'e sonof Mr. and Mrs. W. T. Merrimee, whohas been quite ill with diphtheria, isimproving.Mrs. T. J. Shannon has returnedto her home in Carlisle after a visitto her sister, Mrs. William Minogue,in this city.Miss Mary Stuart Alexander, whohas been the guest of Miss Alice Roe-ers Clay, returns today to her home inNorth Carolina.Mr. and Mrs. Curtis Henry, ofthis city, are guests this week of Mrs.Henry's parents, Mr. and Mrs. H. B.Burnaw, in Carlisle.Mr. and Mrs. I. D. Thompson willentertain this evening with a dance atElks' Hall for their young daughter,Miss Sarah Thompson.Sweeney, of Paris, and Mrs. KateClarke and two children, Josephineand Frank, of Dayton, Ohio, were recent guests of Mrs. John Hedrck, ofFifth street."Mr. and Mrs. H. D. Haynes anddaughter, Miss Eleanor Haynes, ofFern Bank, O., are visiting the familyof Mrs. S. Lilleston, on Higgins ave.They made the trip in their automobile. Attoreny C. Ansparger and hisson, Mr. W. S. Arnsparger, the lattercashier of the Bank of Eton, Ga., leftTuesday for Cape May, N. J., to attend the meeting of the CommercialLaw League. Before returning homethey will visit New York City. Theywill be absent from Paris about tendays.Miss Margaret Welsh of 'this city,who has been at the St. ElizabethHospital in Cincinnatifor the past several weeks suffering from a severe illness, is in a serious condition and littlehopes are entertaied for her recovery.Her sister, Mrs. Henry McGinley, wascalled to her bedside yesterday afternoon. Mrs. Thompson Tarr was hostessWednesday to a lovely luncheon-auction party in compliment to Mrs.Catsby Woodford and her attractivesister-in-law, Mrs. Davenport, of Virginia, who has been her guest for several days.The party colors were pink andwhite, and were prettily carried out inthe delicious luncheon. The ices,cakes and confections were pink rosebuds.Mrs. Tarr received the guests inthe library and was assisted by theguest of honor, Mrs. Davenport, Mrs.Catesby Woodford, Mrs. James S.Helm and Mrs. James Benton.Three lovely prizes were given Mss.Carl Wilmoth received the first prize,which was a beautiful lace fan. Theguest of honor's prize was a cut glassvase. The second prize, a "Book onAuction," was won by Mrs. SamuelClay.Mrs. Tarr's guests were MesdamesDavenport (Virginia) ; James S. Helm(Lexington); James Benton (Cynthiana) Durand Whipple Little Rock, Arkansas) ; Frank M. Clay, Swift Champ,James W.Ferguson, Hugh Montgomery, J. M. Hall, M. H. Dailey, BenWoodford, Brice Steele, John Yerkes,Amne Prichard, Withers Davis, Woodford Daniel, Miller Ward, George Alexander, James Thompson, Edward Turner, Charlton Alexander, W. R. ScottBismark Frank, Robert Meteer, GeorgeStuart, Carlie Wilmoth, Robert Goggi, WalterKenney, R. S. Swango, WK. Dudley, Buckner Woodford, Jr.,William Ardery, Warren Rogers, Louis Rogers, Catesby Woodford, WilliamWornall, Samuel Clay, Frank P. Clay,Laura Wiggins, Thos. Allen, AlbertHinton; Misses Bessie Holladay, MaryFithian Hutchcraft, Martha Ferguson,Mary Woodford, Nannie Miller.If you approve of the bad conditionof the turnpikes of Bourbon county,endorse Dundon, who is responsiblefor them. If von ara disRaiRflPfl record your protest by voting against IDundon and bad pikes.Millan and better route.Vote for Mc-EDISON'S TALKING PICTURES.The famous Edison Talking Picuresare coming to., Paris. This has beendecided and they will be shown at theGrand on Wednesday, July 23, matineeand evening. A complete entertainment, consisting of drama, comedy,tragedy, operatic selections andspeeches by well-known men andwomen, will be enough to convincethe most skeptical that at last silentmotion picture are doomed, and hereafter they will talk the same as realactors on a real stage.One of the most stupendous undertakings in the talkies was the stagingof the big minstrel number, comprising thirty-five people. This is a genuine minstrel oleo, with blackface comedians, elog-dancers, cake-walkers, quartette, ar.d the grand finale of old veterans, showing the spirit of the CivilWar. Other subjects deal with MayorGaynor, of the City of New York, andhis Cabinet; a group of well-knownsuffragettes; the Miser Scene from the"Chimes of Normandy;" a clever skitknown as the "Musical Blacksmithsand "Nursery Favorites," a subjectthat will gladden the hearts of all lovers of child life,deahng with, "Jackthe Giant Killer," "Old King Cole,""The Witch," "The Fairy," "Little RedRiding Hood,"and all the old favoritesso dear to the hearts of the young.There is no limitation on TalkingPictures, for every action and everysound of voice or effect are reproduced"as naturally, as though one were witnesing the genuine exhibition on a regular -stage. This is considered one ofthe greatest inventions of the wizardEdison, and has created the greatestexcitement throughout the country.They are at present being shown onlyin the larger cities, where they aredoing-capacity business daily in largevaudeville theatres. This is the firsttime they have been offered to thecountry at large, and- the citizens ofParis will await with interest the opening night here.If you disapprove of the condition ofthe turnpikes of Bourbon county, protest with your, vote.Declare for achange. Vote for McMillan for CountyJudge.ATTORNEY-GENERAL GIVESOPINION ON ELECTION LAW.The section of the primary law providing an agreement among candidatesin the selection of election officers, wasconstrued Jby Assistant Atorney-Gener-alM. M. Logan in the following communication to Representative Eli Berry, of Owensboro:"Frankfort, Ky., July 11. Mr. EliBerry, Owensboro, Ky. Dear Sir: Inyours of the 10th inst., you ask for aconstruction of Section 22, of the- primary election law, which section permits any group of candidates beforethe primary to select election officersin each precict in accordance with thecondition of said election."My construction of the law is thatall candidates whose names will appear upon the primary ballots must becounted in making up the total number of ballots, but it is further myopinion that the precincts should beconsidered as the unit when suchgroups of candidates reccommendtion officers for appointment, and thatno candidate should be counted in ararriving at the total number of candidates in any precinct unless his namewill appear on the primary ballot inthat particular precinct."This may not i-be the right construction of the law, but it seems tome that the law should be so construed, and so construing it justicewill be done to all paries. Your verytruly, M. M. LOGAN,"Assistant Attorney General."Bourbon Coutyn need a Good RoadsLeague. Let's have the roads we arepaying for. Other counties which payno more or less tax than Bourbon havegood roads; why cannot we havethem? Record your vote against Dundon and his bad roads. Vote for McMillan for County Judge.oCLOSING OUT SALE.Counters, Safe, Scales, Show Casesand other fixtures at Fee's Closing OutSale Saturday, July 19.REAL ESTATE FIRMSELLS CITYPROPERTY.Harris & Speakes, the local real estate agents sold yesterday to the ParisLoose Leaf Tobacco Warehouse Co.,for Dr. J. B. Ribelin, of Elizaville, a lotin Barns Addition adjoining the property of the warehouse company recently purchased for the purpose oferecting a warehouse. The sale of theproperty was made at a private price.DR. SHIVE IS MEETINGWITH MUCHSUCCESS.Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive, writing fromGrayson, Ky., where-he is engaged thisweek in his canvass for $5,000 for the.fund for the Ebenezer Presbytery,states that he is meeting with greatsuccess in his campaign that is nownearing a close.MR. HORTON L. WHALEYSTRICKEN WITH PARALYSIS.Mr. Horton L. Whaley.aged about 60years was stricken with paralysis athis home on East Main street Wednesday night. He was removed to the W.W. Massie Memorial Hospital where heremains in a serios' condition.Costly Ornamentation.The cupola on the top of the Woolworth building in New York is covered with goldleaf. The cost walestimated at $30,000.Man's Own Wit.An ounce of a man's own wit isworth a ton of other people's. Lawrence Sterne.We have had bad' roads for, eightyears under Dundon'J try McMillanf orfiour years.RELGOUSRev. W. W. Evans, of Walton,Jvy., will fill the pulpit at the Presbyterian church Sunday morning in theabsence of Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive.St. Peter's Episcopal Church;Rev. Geo. H. Harris, Rector. SundaySchool 9:3Q a. m. Morning prayer andsermon at 10:45 a. m. A cordial invitation is extended the public to attend the services at this church.A Georgetown special says:"Brock Bros, sold Tuesday for W. H.Northcott, of Cynthiana, a chestnutmare, two years old. by Dandy Jim",to M. R. Metze, a wealthy banker, ofNewark, O.,. The mare gives muchpromise as a show horse. The pricerealized was $1,000.Children Can Be"Kids" ButOnce.Let them increase the joysnf rhilnhnnn arm tppn 3 rp-!cord of them for "grown-up"days with aBROWNIESo simple that a child canoperate them and make goodpictures $2, $3, R $5, $7,$10 and $12.DAUGHERTYBROS,J. T.RP0WNIFIWm 8pHmlfS-! ITU rifflrai;Nappanee Kitchen Cabinetr "JWe do not claim this Cabinet to be the best in theworld, but we DO BELIEVE THAT IT IS, and WEKNOW that it is a great deal better than some makes. - that are much advertised and boosted land we canshow you that they are. Seeing is believing. Comeand see. Save you money.A swell new line of Brass Beds and Davenportsjust received. Save you money.Now is the time to buy your Wall Paper at bigreductions. Save you money.Refrigerators Greatly Reduced. Save you money.J.T. MI NT ftIiWood MantelsIJuly Clearance 2SaleBeganMonday,ClosesSaturday, July 19th.W. Ed Tucker.,nsOldest Fair67th Annual Fair of the, Bourbon Countyo4gricultural Society5-BIGAUGUST 19, 20,The Program this year is decidedly the bestever offered in all its history. Write for Catalog,Littlejohn's Big United Showswill furnish the attractions for the Midway. Twentyclean attractions. ' iHih Dive and Balloon Ascension.Every Day.Write to the undersigned for entry blanks -andinformation.JOHNifHINTONSAVES YOU MONEYUndertakingJuly 7th:iin the State!Days 521, 23, 23, 1913,S.WIGGINS,jSecretary.1hriAmbulanceV.1.itiftatTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 18 19J 3.nI.mwmwms.Job PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!ft',1 lf,TRE d9B R6O0&S OFTHEBRBNNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS.LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.i fLet us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the bst, havingjust installed two of the latest improvaa Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces."Che Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.fcWiUWiiiUWiiirtMORTALITY IN BABY CHICKSOften Attributed to Parent StockWhen Fault Is Really Not Inherent Test for Cause.The large mortality in baby chicksis very often attributed to the parent stock when the fault is really notinherent. In an effort to ascertainthe real cause for this condition makea test.Remove carefully all traces of foodfrom the brooders, leaving none -whatevernear thehm. Take some of thechicks that haveihe care of the mother hen and place them in the brooderover night. Continue this for severalnights' - in succession, being sure toreturn them to the care of theirmother each morning. Bach morningnote the condition of these little fellows, and if they are not injured orare none the worse for their experience in the brooder you will knowthat the temperature in the brooderis about right and the'tault'doee notlie in that direction.--With the brooder -eliminated' as apossible cause for the mortality, youmost begin to look elsewhere. Thisnarrows itself down to one of twocauses improper feeding or lack ofexercise. Now test for the food cause.Change your conditions of feedingradically and note the result. If thecause is not from the feeding, it mustbe from lack of exercise. Correctthis by supplying them with a properamount of this requisite.Simply finding your chicks dead inthe brooder in the morning when theyare all crowded in a corner is notsufficient proof that they died fromtoo low a temperature. Sick, weaklyand indisposed chicks will always huddle together whether they are cold ornot.They will not huddle together, however, should the temperature be excessively high, in which event theywill spread apart, and when founddead will usually be lying on theirbreasts. This condition, however, isseldom noted, as it takes a very hightemperature to cause them to spreadapart and to cause their death.BREED POULTRY FOR RESULTSDifficulty in Mating Unrelated BirdsIs to Find Strains With LikeCharacteristics."Few people realize the advantages of breeding together unrelatedbirds. Every time they are mated adecided improvement is had in theiryoung, in exhibition and utility qualities, size and extreme hardiness."The above statement was made byE. R. Philo of New York, a manwho has done much experimentingalong the line of breeding.Line breeding is dangerous unlessthoroughly understood, and thework of years can be demolished ina very short time. As above stated.Prize Winning Plymouth Rock.the progeny of unrelated fowls isthrifty and high in utility, pointswhich every breeder strives for.,The greatest handicap in matingunrelated birds is to find strains withlike characteristics. "When rearinga strain of Rocks for egg productionit is sometimes hard to find a suitable male, bred for the same resultsas the hens he is to be mated with.Many breeders have distinct lines ofbirds, bred for the same results, butwholly disconnected along bloodlines. In this way they can furnishtheir patrons new blood wheneverdesired.x Many a good strain is run down orruined because of lack of experienceof the breeder. One must know howand why the breed to obtain bestsuccess. A good pen of layers shouldnot be mated with a male or unknown heredity. If a flock of birdsis purchased for an egg-layingstrain, to keep up their qualities,the owner must know how they werebred, and adopt the same plan withthem as the- originator.HIS SENSE OF SMELL KEENKing George Detects the Odor ofOnions When His Couriers Enter Room.London. "Hawkins, you've been eating onions," angrily exclaimed KingEdward to his sergeant-footman oneday at Biarritz, according to EdwardVII's motor mechanic, C. W. Stamper.Stamper confessed that the sergeant-footman,the knight-courier andthe postmaster lunched heartily onbeefsteak and onions one day and soonafterward the king wanted to see thepostmaster, so the courier, namedFehr, called the sergeant-footman, andthe king was proceeding to tell him,when he stopped short, looked at theman and then accused him of eatingonions."No, your majesty," protested thecourier."Yes, you have. I'm sure you have.Send Mr. Hiley here at once and Mr.Fehr.""Yes, your majesty."The sergeant-footman withdrew andpresently Postmaster Hiley was announced. The-king called him to hisside and was beginning to read to hima telegram he wanted him to dispatchwhen he burst out:"Hiley, you've been eating onions!""No, your .majesty," said the postmaster, instinctively recoiling. ."Yes, you have; it's disgraceful."The courier hen-entered the roomand approached very wearily, but hismajesty's sense of smell was keen, andall Fehr's efforts to suppress the factsin the case" were unavailing. The kiaglooked up sharply, sat back in hischair and groaned: - ""I'm damned if you haven't beeneating onions, too!"Curtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bouibon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and CoSd Baths at AHHoursNo Long Waits.A hare of the Public Patronage Solicited.iipiWindsor Hotel.DRAKE IS CHAMPION FIGHTERPekln Duck Bull Dog ef srnyarHas Whipped Every Fewl Inthe Neighborhood.New York. On a farm in Clintoncounty, N. Y., is a large Pekin drakethat loves to fight. This drake is thebulldog of the barnyard and loves tofight. Once it gets its grip on its adversary it hangs there until pried"Mr." Drake In Actin.loose. This bird has whipped everybird in the neighborhood and most ofthe dogs. So confident is the ownerof its fighting qualities and its abilityto hold its own anywhere, that he hasat times offered various sums ofmoney to any person who would produce a -rooster, of any age, size orbreed, that could whip the drake in'a fair contestFORGED TO BE A "ROOTER"Sun and Shade.Plenty of sun and shade are necessary in the life of the rapidly growingyoung chicks. Coolness and shadefrom the hot' sun are Important. Treesand bushes make the best shade, butif they are not available 3thV;.,ijjaeanj Ljbml he urQYided that aja. aj.Young New Yorker Lays Crime to HisIntense Love for Game ofBaseball.Los Angeles, Cal. William H. Calder, seventeen years old, who describes himself as "some baseballbug," and who is under arrest here,has confessed, according to the police,that his love for baseball made himforge checks in New York to the extent of nearly $1,000. The victimswere his employers, members of aprominent New York law firm.Calder said he went to Chicago firstto attend the Frank Chance day ceremonies. "It was the greatest day of my life,"he declared. Then he attended gamesin Detroit and Denver, and came toLos Angeles, where he said be attended every game since his arrival tendays ago.Calder will be taken to New Yorkfor trial. He said his father was JohnH. Calder, a woman's suit manufacturer.SAYS HER SOUL IS TUNELESSSo East Liverpool Musician Seeks Divorce From Bride of a FewWeeks.East Liverpool, O. -Claiming that heis entitled to a legal separation because his young wife, Mrs. FlorencePolk Loseee, "has no soul for music,,"Frank Losee, a youthful musician,sued for divorce.Several weeks ago Losee and MisaPolk, who is the only daughter of MrsLouise W. Polk, one of the wealthiestwomen in this section, and Harry Nellisand Agnes Clemens participated in a,double elopement to Wellsburg.Measles Finally Gets Him,Cambria, Pa. After successfullyfighting severe attacks of delirium tremens, pneumonia, peritonitis and fractured skulf all within three weeks,John A. Losh, a miner, died at theMemorial hospital from an attack ofModern EquipmentPolitelService.Everything Sanitary.Children's "Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORD""1 MTBBESKJEBfc BMISfc fc JISpecial Kates & Excursions.PEucursion to Cincinnati, Ohio,and return,$1.50 ROUNDTRIPThis train leaves Paris at 7:50 a.m., arriving Cincinnati 10:30 a.m., returning leaves Fourth St.station, Cincinnati, at 7 p. m.Tickets good on special trainonly.Low round-trip Summer Tourist tickets to all Summer resortsin the North and Northwest onsale May 15 to Sept 30. Pinallimit date 31, 1913, with liberalstop-over privileges.For further information, callon or address. JW. H. HARRIS, Agent,"-- . J. K. SMITH, T. A.4 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDepositsYour Deposits Are GuaranteedYOU TAKE NO RISKSif You Are InterestedWrite UsUNION STATE BANKMuskogee, OklahomaCapita! $100,000 'Fully PaidFor Sale, vNo. 1 8-horse power FairbanksMorse gas or gasoline engine. Applyto PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.24-2tProfessional CardsDr. Win. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones 1113p0; S E. T. 334.Residence j Home 334.J J. WTLIilAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Building.DR. A. H KELIZBK,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis, - Kentnckjtitr ONEaaaahdown the throat o a "gapey"chicken destroys the wormsand saves the chick's life. Afew drops in the drinking: waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPESwhite diarrhoea, roup, choleraand other chick diseases.One 50c Bottle ofBourbonPoultryCureMakes 12 Galloas of Medlciae.Every poultry raiser should keep a bottle of,this medicine on hand. Write for free sampleand Booklet on "Diseases of Fowls." AddressMUftMN REME1Y COMPANY, LtftgtM, X.BFor Sale by W. T. Brooks3L. Sc N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT MAY 4,So.341342971040373123326591383853930832JNo.A4290101373733'33625389'19'528303t311913Trains .A-rrrsren FROMAtlanta, Ga.. Daiiy 5.21 amLexington. Ky., Daily . 5.18amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .. 7.35 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.40 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.22 amCincinnati, O., Dtfily 9.0O amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 amLexington, Ky,, Daily '. 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 mCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.1Q urnMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmpmpmpmLexington, Ky.. Daily T 3.33Knoxville. enn.. Daily 3.25Maysville, Ky., Daily 5.35Uincmnati, ODaily Except Sunday 5 0 DmT Z L ir t m . ,jutJiiuKiu" y., jjauy b,uo omLouisville & Franktort. Daily Except Sunday 5.50 amJacksonville. Fla., Daily 6 18 pmna 1 1 ii. P.. Daily 10:50 pmTrains IDe-partTOCincinnati. O., Daily 5.2S amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 7.47 amCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 7.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sundav 7 50 amLexington, Ky., Daily - 9.f7 amKnoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 amJacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.20 amLexington, Ky., Daily 10.29 amMaysville, K., Daily , 12.05 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.04 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 'S.'c3 pmCincinnati. O., Daily : 3.4n pmRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ... . . 5.5II pmLexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.5s proCincinnati, O., Daily 5.23 praMaysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 6.20 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.35 pmLexington, K., Daily 10.55 praAtlanta, Ga. , Daily 10.57 pmFdbC X'UXOK-'DIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trains -A-rrive .No. FROMl Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except.Sunda .., 74 am4 Frankfort, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday .Vr30i.pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday '.'.?'. .5M. vmTrains IDeipartl 4No, " TO.37 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily ExceptlSunday . . 7.4 an1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday ; ". 53 am1 Frankfort, Ky Daily -Except Sunday , 554 pirv.-mv f2ii.Ji-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., JULY 18 1913wmmfor mUnsightly Grey and Faded HairWhy not have beautiful, dark, glossy,natural colored hair, full of life and"beauty keep yourself young lookingand fascinating? Its so easy andsimple to do if you will get a bottle ofHay's Hair Health today. You'll noticea change after one or two applicationshow quickly the grey hairs vanish-low glossy, full of life and vitalityHay's Hair Health will keep your hairDon't waste time, get a bottle today!Tour druggist is selling more Hay'sHair Health than all others, becausele knows it's the most satisfactory,the nicest and cleanest to use andreally does restore color to grey hair -Free: Sign this adv. and take it to thefollowing druggists and get a 50c. bottle of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.cake of Harfina Soap for 50c; or $1 00hottle of Hay's Hair Health and two25c. cakes of Harfin-a Soap Free, for II.L. Oberdorfer, Drjggist. Pans, tvy...W. N. Barkey Mrs. W. N. BarkleyWoman's Exchange & Cafe112 N. Upper Street,Lexington, KentuckyHome-made Cakes, Breads, Pies, Candies, Croquetts, Salads, Pickles, ChowChow, Ftc, received fresh daily.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Supper; also lunches and short orders at allhours with the best the market affords.(28mar6mo)per FAEM LOANS!0 G80t $W00 to $!00,oooW. KING & SON,125! Cheaosldir. Lexingrton. Kv.1 1 1iw i riRflrfflSP s. .r .1rc ni -. rb 7 ' v'."Vr ' VY i 1I"the Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important in thehome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by Retting the oil that burnsuieur ana ciean witnout a meterdovra to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Costs no more than the Inferiortankwagon oils paves MONEY savesWORK Raves eyes.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Chas. C. Stoli Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "No CarbAuto OiLfmsSEmZJ AMALGANATHAftCmxmrflfflhvnTruck Replaced Three TeamsWREARING GOSLINGS NOT HARDNo matter whether the thermometerregisters 105 above or 25 below zero,Amalgamated Arc Roofingcan't be affecred a particle.No matter the curves or valleys ofyour roof you need no tin to coverthem, for Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGis very pliable. It is the Perfect Roofing,and the insurance rate is no higher thanwhen slate or metal is used."We authorize our agents to refund the moneyif our Roofing is not perfectly satisfactory.AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO.Chicago, IllinoisSold by Millersburg Coa! andLumber Co.,Millersburg, Ky.!LVJi Margaret K. Caden,310 M aixi Street, L,exington, Ky .Special Display of. . . Summer Hats . .Moderate PricesWttttilHWttHf(itiLong Brooding is Unnecessary and anOrdinary Hen Coop Will Accommodate Three or Four.(By W. ROBINSON.)I have always used large, full feathered hens for hatchings, only allowingthe geese to sit on the last eggs ofthe season. A good broody hen willsteadily sit the 30 days occupied inthe incubation of these eggs.If she be given no more than foureggs and they are set in an earth nestand turned once daily they should inalmost every case produce vigorousgoslings if the parent birds are healthyand well matured.Some people find a difficulty duringthe early days of raising in the tendency of the birds, to fall upon theirbacks and an inability to right themselves without assistant, necessitating combined watchfulness or lossThis, however, is a nuisance thatmay be avoided bv the use of the eerese i. J i.t . irkjl luaiuie, auuiiu SlUUK. only, liltsweakness being absent in the nroffenyof old birds in good breeding condition. The actual rearing presents no difficulties to one 'qualified in poultryraising. Long brooding is unnecessaryand an ordinary hen coop is sufficientto accommodate three or four goslingsand a hen as long as it is necessaryto leave the latter in charge, but during the first days the gosling's run,which should be on short grass, shouldbe limited.The best diet is a simple one andfor the first few days I have foundnothing better than stale bread wellsoaked and squeezed moderately dryand mixed with a liberal allowance ofdandelion leaves,, well chopped andfree from stringy pieces. Biscuit mealmay be used instead of the stale breadbut it is more expensive and the results are no better.By the middle of the first weekground oats should take the place ofthe bread, mixed with a sufficientquantity of grit to make the mixturecrumbly, the dandelions being combined. The green food may be graduallyreduced and finally abandoned whenthe young birds are grazing freely.They should commence grazing atabout a week old.Upon a good grazing ground andwith a sufficient supply of soft foodmixture, of which ground oats shouldbe the staple ingredient, goslings willprogress rapidly.4 760 ml, m .hS thl rnf"t0n isselKar Truck covered in actual serviceIon! I? hr jC teamS f ,h?eS; Jhe averaSe daily burden was 37 17.20th.tire name 5" aiT?? load f four to,nsne ton overload-but in the enure period named, was laid up only two and one-half hours for repairs."We can recommend the KisselKar Truck and assure that it lives'up to itsguarantee," wntes Thomas E. Fleischer, manager of the Sheboygan Ltae WorkTwo and one-half hours for repairs, carrying over 37 tons Der dav i? a rprwd wnrWiffSSiM and are economicaf to SStfKSNote these striking KisselKar features-Simple engine-easy to operate-reserve nowerexcess capacity-differential lock preventing one drive wheel absoS all the W nnslippery places, and stalling the truck-four speed mKdtoJSApermitting high speed when desired without racing engine 15 to I per cent Tower Pfnelconsumption than average trucks-light spring suspension for power plaSheaDrfaelifl,LT.l0FUge thafb,f load-greatest bcobbOSSbrake drums, and extra powerful brakes-special bodies designed to meet every needJrCi'sseljfta- dssfSlEfeI BL & Glftf'5 I W3 All Ii UJJHI1 tnWAfinA. M. Caden210W. Main St.,LEXINGTON, K.m41mmLa Fro$1.50 ap.Do the women inyour city know-we specialize inLA FROThe Perfect FrontLaced Corset?3Pans Odorless Cleaning Co. 8Men's and Ladies' Suits Cleaned,Pressed and Repaired.Ladies' Serge White Suits and Fancy Silks' our specialty.AH Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblocked to your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves'Cleaned, 'short, 10c; long 25c.BROODER FOR SMALL CHICKSLarge Barrel Cut in Half as Shown inIllustration Will Be FoundConvenient.A very simple brooder can be constructed by cutting a sugar barrel inhalf and using one part in the mannerdescribed. Line the inside of the halfbarrel with paper and then cover thiswith old flannel cloth. Make a coverfor the top and line it in the samemanner. At the bottom cut a hole inthe edge, about four .inches deep andfour inches wide, and provide a cov-1 500 Ibs.-1 -2-3-4 and 5 TonsIn the range of capacity, 1500 lbs. to 5 tons, you can find iust the tvne that filk vnnrrequirementsand with the KisselKar Truck goes the KisselKar Servl which is thmauufacturer's guarantee of satisfaction. oervite, wmen is xneA PIffo!rMCrice.T.ansJtkin?.off your hands all of the mechanical details.ThSS building is maintained m this . city for the benefit of KisselKar ownersnwni ?w serJlceis a broad aid comprehensive arrangement between manufacturer andwn n? an minimizes up-gate'it service 1S a valuable consideration in the purchase of a power wagon. Investi-mi A-nkuUS-tcl anaI.yze vour Present horse haulage ss compared to motor haulage. The resuit will be interesting.lines of busfoeS?6 bk showinelKar Tcks in actul e in your line and many otherThe Following Lines of Business Have RecentlyBought Kissel-Kar Trucks?VnQd Irntoi U1?ber' textile, Milling, Gidcery, Dry Goods, Dairy, Furniture, Fruit. Commission, Trans'fer, Bus, Hotel, Caterer. Brewery, Building Supplies, Contracting, Plumbing, Canning Oil Telephone!?n?TryA B?e-ry' Oonfeotioneiy. Tee, Coal, Farming. Hardware, Ice Cream, Creamed Produce Crockneeds of Inybusfn t0 mUmciPalifcies in Fire' Health a Police departments. We m Jtoem to'sSwheLPhone 21 05.O. R. HUKLE,51 3 West Main Street, Lexington,kiisHpiirlMsBMtmmmmmmmmmBJVv. jLow Special RatesOpen to YOU a safe year around Cream Market at the Highest Creamcry Butter price for '.he Butter Fat, 27c. being the lowest price to date thisyear, and 38c. the highest quotation of the winter months.Sell Us Your CreamCut down your work Put on more cows Increase the fertility ofyour soil ana raise a Cash Crop.Spot CashIs paid for veery shipment giving a steady year around income from thesale of Butter Fat. 'Shipments of Cream should be made at least twice a week duringthe summer and every four or five days in the winter, and the railwaycompanies have low special baggage rates for handling cream.Write for free trial cans today or ship in your own cans.The Tri-State Butter Company,wMMMMSMMHaMBiBrooder for Chicks.er or door. The inside is kept warmby filling a jug with boiling water andsetting it within, changing the water both morning and night. Whenthe temperature outside is ten degrees theinterior can be kept at 90or 100 degrees, but the jug must berefilled with boiling water at leasttwice a day. Popular Mechanics.Color.Color is largely a matter of breed.The color character in eggs has norelation whatsoever to their foodvalue. An egg with a white shell doesnot differ in composition from onewith with a brown shell., Eggs of theMediterranean breeds are white, whilethose of the Asiatic breeds are brown.In general the eggs of the Americanbreeds are also brown, but are rarelyas uniform in color as the other twoclasses. Uniformity in color regardless of whether eggs are white orbrown should be 6ought for by thepoultryman. A good appearance toa crate of eggs is procured only whenuniformity in size, shape and color ispresent.Cincinnati, Ohio.M. A. CAHAUBarber Shop.,iRrst-Class Workmen.Polite and Prompt Attentionto Ail.Hot and Cold BathsWe Thank You for a Share ofYour Patronage.Pony For Sale.Extra nice Shetland pony, gentle foechildren. Broke to ride and drrrs.He is a two-year-old and a well mate:animal. The price is right.L. T .LILLESTON,july3-3t Paris, Ky.Capital Stock $75,0005,000 Shippers in 3 StateWhen you feetSivous, tired, worried or despondent it is a.sure sign you need MOTTS NERVERINE.PILLS. They renew the normal vigor aocLmake life worth living. Be sure and ask loc-Mott's Nerverine PiDs feffiWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Praoa.. CJaTel OKL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky....Water Escential.Clean, fresh water is one of themost essentials that we can think offor the. healthy fowls. As the greaterportion of the egg is water, theyshould be supplied with a liberal sun?ply atxall times. It should be placedin such a. way that it will be withintasy aocesa.rILPittsburgh Perfect" FenceLook For THE WELD THAT HELDBecause the joints in "PittsburghPerfect" are welded by electricity, youcan pick it ou t first pop. Examine a weldthe galvanizing piled thickly around thejoint affords double protection here. 'Heat a weld white hot, then try toseparate the wires. You can't. This isthe only permanent dependablePittsburgh Perfect" look3 better, isstrung in less time with less labor, and,AS MADE TO-DAY from our ownspecial Open Hearth -Wire, is stronger,lasts longer and gives more satisfactionthan any other. Don't spend your fencemoney invest it. Read our catalogue.jjomt. investigate, dien decide.Made in Different Stylefor FIELD, FARM, RANCH, LAWN, 'p-.. DJ r,..clCHICKEN, POULTRY and RABBIT YARD and GARDEN VCry IV OQ VliaTUll.OeqAsk your dealer for "Pittsburgh Perfect" and insist on his furnishing it. Do nofallow Hm to persuadeyou that some other fence is just as good. If he doesn't tell it, write us direct."Pittsburgh Perfect" Brand of Barbed WkBright, Annealed & Galvanized Wire; TwistedCable Wire; Hard Spria Coil Wire; PeaceStaples; Poultry Netting Staples; Regular WireNails; Galvanized Wire Naik; Large HeadRoofing Nails; Single Loop Bale Ties; "Pittsburgh Perfect" Fencing. Al made of OpesHearth materiaLslPBsMafcgttSlScgBSfcIf you are interested in Wire Fencing, writefor FREE copy ef ear ALMANAC, 113Pittsburgh Steel Co.Pittsburgh, PewuylvanaUS5V$1S.V -- - .W-. ' ?-$V& . 4vt-sJ- - V- A.;.i V 'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 18, 1913n" A-W - M ."4K!'f5 i'4I i1a-tHU4StnrISir;kji1 1I- .w541.f!y'8?-T'.:-,-rVrmb It ,.''ITPublicGFFINEKELSON COUNTY FARM.WILL BE HELDt Wednesday. August 6, 1913.AT 10:30 O'CLOCK A. M.Tile beirs at law of the late Dr. Orion N. Cox havedeled to offer at public sale the magnificent Cox home-ste, at Cox's Creek, Ky.mxrc of fine bluegrass land,I mud lias been rested for several years, so that it is prac.ticaly all in grass. It is anasd improved. There is a splendid 8 room house thatmxfrnc condition, as well as other outbuildidgs.This farm lies on the Central Lincoln Way, convenientto churches, schools and railroads; is ' bordered by threeQornpike roads, and directly on the surveys for the electricapfui from. Louisville to Bardstown. The community is anxeeeat one and this farm a fine investment. It will beoffered first in three separate tracts and then as a whole.Write or call on H. R. Cox, Bardstown, Ky., or J. Tylervis, 41 6 Equitable Building,amfion.v s Terms made known on'Don't Forget theAugustWM""'MMI''llla'll'l'M"MII'WIM"M""'"Wm v --v -- - i-M- - OH-Mi wmmmmBIC MARK DOWN SHOE SALEWe Arc Compelled To Unload at Once!Our Store in crowded with Summer Footwear and rather than the risk ofcarrying these goods over to next season, we have decided to resort to thisgreat sacrifice sale. We are going to make this sale a record breaker.Of course it takes bargains, great, big rousing bargains to bring a crowd,and this is just what we have to offer. Read the prices that follow:Misses and Children sfords and two-straps, patent andfun metal. Mark-down PriceMisses' $1 .50 patent, tan, white and gun CfcCfc.anetal pumps. Mark-down Price VVVChildren's $2.00 pumps.Mark-down PriceMen's $4 Oxfords, tan,Walk-Over included.Mark-down PriceMen's $3.50 Oxfords, inamd tan.Mark-down PriceMen's $3 Oxfords in tan,Latest styles.Mark-down PriceMen's $2.50 Oxfords inlace Mark-down PriceOfre!ot of Men's Oxfords,' $2: and $3 values. Mark -- t - - . J torsand challegers. "S 8th" Street, PARI!, IT , 1'yiZmmwmmwmmmmiBMmmmwmwmmmmmwmmmmBmwmmmmammmmmKrd -empowering them to as such m the ymirA 73 g' v - - - i - " mMAuction"ON THE PREMISESThis farm contains about 235every foot of which: is tillable,ideal stock farm, well wateredisLouisville, for further inf or-day of sale.Date, Wednesday,6, 1913.$2.50 values m button oxO 1U UUllUll u&$1.69S1.39patent and gun metal,tiO sC?9mi 5rpatent, gun metalS2.49patent and gun metal.S1.99button andS1.49broken sizes.99cdown Price .JNOWNEWS OF M1LLERSBURGMiss Kizzie Mae McDaniel is visiting in Ford.Mr. M. M. Thomson is in Tennessee on business.Mrs. B. T. Beeding of Lexington isvisiting: relatives here.Mr. W, E. Smedley is at Crab Orchard Springs for a two weeks stay.Mrs. Ida Desha, of Paris, is theguest of her siste, Mrs. Mary Whaley. Mrs. Henry Miller left Wednesdayfor a weeks' sojourn at Blue LickSprings.Mr. Ed. O. Houston, of Newport,was the guest of Mr. U. S. G. PepperMonday. ,Master Owen Wilson, of Newport,is the guest of his grandmother, Mrs.Jennie Letton.Mr. J. T. Vimont, of Springfield,111., is the guest of his sister, MissElizabeth Vimont.Mrs. Mattie McGinn has returnedto her home in Chicago- after a visit toMrs. America Butler.Col. C. M. Best returned Wednesday after a six weeks' sojourn atNorth Wildwood, N. J.Messrs. A. H. Smediey and RoyEndicott will leave Saturday for aL summer outing in Michigan.Miss Belle Taylor Judy has reurned from a visit to her sister, Mrs. K.R. Vaught at Parker, Ind.Miss I'loieme Vimont was theguest of, Miss Amy Richardson in Lexiucton Tuesday and Wednesday.Miss Edna Mitchell will leave Saturday for a visit of several days torelatives in Paris and Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. U. S. G. Pepper anddaughter, Christine, leave today for avisit to relatives at Brooksville.Services Sunday morning at thePresbyterian and Methodist churchesby the pastors. Union services Sunday evening at the Baptist church.Misses Nannie Clark and AlbertaMoffett have returned after a threeweeks' so jour at Cedar Point, Ohio.G. P. Jones and famiiy left yesterday for a tour through Souhern andWestern Kentucky in their automobile. Mr. W. H. H. Johnson, of Paris,arrived Wednesday as the guest ofrelatives here returning home Thursday. Rev. J. D. Redd has returned fromLockport where he conducted a verysuccessful protracted meeting for tendays.Mrs. R. L. Wilson and daughter,Miss Alma Wilson, left Thursday fora visit to Mr. and Mrs. Albert Wilsonin Versailles.Amity Lodge No. 40 F. & A. M.,met in regular communication Tuesdayevening. The fellowcraft degree wasconferred on Mr. O. H. Collier by theWorshipful Master, W. A. Butler.Mrs. Linda Benton and Mr. JohnBenton left Thursday for their newhome at Broadread. Mr.s Benton andfamily have lived in Millersburg forabout two years.Mrs. J. F. Barnes, of Nicholas-ville, Mrs. C. C. Chattel, and son, ofMt. Sterling,, Mrs. J. B. Harris andchildren, of Louisville, and the MissesEvans, of Covingon, arrived Wednes-jday as the guests of Mr. and Mrs. W.J. Barnes.Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Conway, ofG-oin.OnSInfant's and Children's pumps and oxfordsin patent and tan, $1 values, sizes 2 to 7Mark-down PriceLadies' $3 values, all latest style pumps and oxfords Sin velvets, satin, tan and gun metal Wand white, the very bestmade. Mark-down PriceMisses' barefoot sandals,Ladies' $3.50 values, all popular leathers and fabrics, in pumps and oxfords, button &and lace. Mark-down Price 9iHiB97Ladies $2 and $2.50 grades two-strap pumps andoxfords in velvet and gunMark-down PriceLadies' $2 pumps and oxfords in patent, gun metaland white pumps.Mark-down PriceLadies' white canvas buttonMark-down PriceOne lot small sizes ladies'Oregon, arrived Wednesday as theguests of their aunt, Mrs.Fannie Norton. Mr. Conway is an old Kentucky boy and has ot visited his nativeState in the past twenty years. He isthe son of Mrs. Rhoda Conway, ofCynthiana.Mrs. Morris Garland, whose illess has been noticed in several issuesof this paper died at her home inVanceburg yesterday imorning at 3o'clock. The funeral will take placeat 3 o'clock this afteroon and the remains will be interred in the Millersburg cemetery.MATRIMONIAL NOTESSUMMERS MILLER.The marriage of Miss Alma Summers to Mr. William Miller, of Kansas City, was solemnized in Cin cinnati last Wednesday. The bride whois the daughter of Mr. Samuel Sumimers, of this city formerly resided inParis, but for the past several yearshas made her home in Asheville, N. C.She went to Cincinnati where hse metMr. Miller and there the ceremonywas performed, after which they leftfor their home, in Kansas City, accompanied by the mother of the groomwho was present to witness the ceremony. Mr. Miller is an engineer onthe Sante Fe Railroad.DON'T MISTAKE THE CAUSE.Many. Paris. People. Have. KidneyTrouble and Do Not Know It.Do you have backache?Are you tired and worn out?Feel dizzy, nervous and depressed?Are the kidney secretions irregular?Highly colored; contain sediment?Likely your kidneys are at fault.Weak kidneys give warnings of distress. Heed the warning; don't delayUse a. testeM kidney remedy.Read this Lexington testimony.Deward Lawrence, .413 E. Fifth St.,Lexington ,Ky., says: "I suffered froma dull pain in the small of my back.I didn't rest well, as my back was sosore and lame. When I got up in themorning I was tired and irritable.Sometimes the kidney secretions weretoo frequent in passage, then againthey did not pass often enough. WhenKidney Pills I did and was relieved."Kidney Pills I di and was relieved."For sale by all dealers. Price 50c.Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo, New York,sole agents for the United StatesRemember the name Doan's andtake no other.I .WIF YOUR CHILDRENARE DELICATE OR FRAILwider-size or under-weightremember Scott's Emulsionis nature's grandest growing-food: it strengthens their bones,makes healthy blood and promotes sturdy growth.Scott & Bowne, Bloomfield. N. J. 13-27I49cvalues - OTH mM.v7all sizes.Now.49cmetal.99c$1 .49 1shoes.C50c IoxfordsIBOURBON DEMOCRATICCOMMITTEE HOLDS MEETINGThe Bourbon Cotity DemocraticCommittee held a meeting Wednesdayafternoon, pursuant to a call issuedby Chairman W. D. Mclnyre, of Millersburg. The meeting was attendedby nineteen of the twenty membersin the county, the only member absentbeing Mr. W. G. Talbott, secretary,who was detained on account of illnessin his family.Chairman Mclntyre called the meeting to order, and Mr. E. B. Hedges.themember of the Committee from theFirst Paris precinct, was elected secretary pro tem, to act in the absenceof Mr. Talbott.at the opening of the meeting MlJ. Will Thomas offered a motion that acommittee composed of Messrs. D.C.Lisle, E. B. Hedges and James L.Dodee be aDDointed to select a list ofI four Democrats from each of the county precincts for recommendation to theCounty Board of Election Commissioners, composed of Sheriff A. S. Thompson, R. K. McCarney and M. R. Jacoby,for appointment toserve at the Augustprimary.The motion offered by Mr. Thomascarried, and the committee, after considering several lists provided by various candidates, made a report oftheir recommendations for electionofficers, together with challengers andinspectors. In this connection thecommittee also offered a set of resolutions, which were adopted by the committee, and which is as follows:Whereas, m view of thel generadiscussion and general desire as tofair and clean elecions the DemocraticCounty Executive Committee of Bourbon county deem it best to recommend a list of election officers toreach voting precinct in Bourboncounty, and to select a challenger andiuspector for each voting precinct inI'.ourbon county.Be it therefore reo'vejl, That thefollowing persons are hereby recomroonded for aDDoinment as electionofficers and selected as challegers andinspectors in and for the followingvoting precincts of Bourbon countyat the primary election to De neiaAug. 2, 1913, to-wit:First: In Parib Ptvc.ct No 1 -ElectionOfficers Woodford Spears, J. W.Hart, R. E. Lux:. H. 3. Hedges, P A.Thompson: Ins pec or--E. B. Hedges;Cnallenger E. 3. rfecges.Second: In Paris Precinct No. 2Election Officers J. W. Early wine,W. H. Whitley, J. T. Brown, J. T. Burnett, Swift Champ; Inspector-SwiftChamp; Challenger R. E. Lusk.Third: In Paris Precinct No. 3Wlpp.tion Officers O. P. Carter, Jr.,C. E. Butler, J. Sims Wilson, Alex.Rice, Chas. Barnett; Inspector C. E.Butler; Challenger C. E. Butler.Fourth: In Paris Precinct No. 4Election Officers Wm. Myall, C. J.Lancaster, Wm. Smith, Harry Marsh,Tom McDonald; Inspector E. T. Hinton; Challenger E. T. Hinton." Fifth: In Paris Precinct No. 5Election Officers Harry Baldwin,L. D. Harris, M. F. Kenney, Tom Cam,J. T. Heges; Inspector Jno. Cain, Jr.;Challenger Jno. Cain, Jr.Sixth: In Paris Preceinct No. 6Election Officers D. S. Henry, JohnMastin, W. C. Dodson, Wm. Bryan,R. F. Clendenin; Inspector J. W.Thomas; Challenger J. W. Thomas.Seventh: Millersburg No.l Ele5rm nffipprs Nat Collier, S. C. Carpenter, Oscar Johnson, Clell Turney;Horace Purdy; Inspector Saford Carpenter; Challenger Sanford Carpen-ter.Eighth:- Millersburg No. 2 Election Officers James Burroughs. A. C.Ball, Joe Plummer, Sanford Allen, D.S. Allen; Inspecor Oscar Johnson;Challenger Oscar Johnson.Ninth: Little Rock No. 1 Election Officers Cliff Dalzell, OscarHedges, Wm. Crouch, P. L. McClure,R. P. Hopkins; Inspector Wm.Crouch; Challenger Wm. Crouch.Tenth: Little Rock No. 2 ElectionOfficers L. R. Rogers, Redmon Tal-,bott, Catesby Woodford, Jr., WalterKenney, Lewis Taylor; InspectorJames L. Dodge; Challenger WalterKenney.Eleventh: North Middletown :-o. 1Election Officers Geo. Wilson, J. S.Talbott, M. Hurae Payne, J. WaiterRice, Ben Judy; Inspector P. S. Anderson; ChalteTu-jr--:liao. Hamilton.Twelfth: North Middletown No. 2Election Officers Ben Woodford, Sr.,Charlton Clay, J. W. Tanner, J. WillBedford; Inspector Gano HUdreth;Challenger Gano Hildreth.Thirteenth: Clintonville No. 1Election Officers W. F. Heathman,G B. Shipp, Jas. T. Estes, W. K. Haley,DS.Parrish; Inspector Ray Cunning-hnm-P.halleneer Ray Cunningham.Fourteenth: Clintonville No. 2Election Officers Jas. F. ingies, j.Frank Clay, James Elliott, Lee R.Penn, I. D. Thompson. ; InspectorI. D . Thompson; Challenger I. D.ThompsonFifteenth: Hutchison No. 1 Election Officers, Julian Frank, Wm. Piper,Robt. Rqbs, Tom Smith, Tom Nichols;Inspector J. H. Thompson; Challenger J. H. Thompson.Sixteenth: Hutchison No. 2 Election Officers Frank P. White, J. B.Dejarnette, C. A. Webber, Wm. Ferguson, Lafe Ardery; Inspector J. W.Wright; Challenger J. W. Wright.Seventeenth: Centerville No. 1Election Officers Thos. Leach, Hubmiff! Rnfns Kenney, A. W. Plumper, Joe Leach; Inspector D. C.Lisle; Challenger D. C. Lisle.Eighteenth: Centerville No. 2Election Officers J. M. Scott, MinerWard, C. B. Cox, G. W. Wagoner,Newt. Smith; Inspector A. P. Adair;Challenger Jno. Clay.Nineteenth: Ruddles Mills No. 1Election Officers Wm. Padgett, Ike.Keller J. B. Cunningham, C. Harney,Al Roberts; Inspector Jas. Fisher;Challenger Jas. Fisher.Twentieth: Ruddles Mills No. 2-Election Officers B. B. Marsh,Sweeney Isgrigg. Jesse Turney, SteeleMarsh, W. G. Talbott; Inspector A.E. Turney; Challenger-B. BL Marsh.Be it further resolved, That theChairman and Secretary of the Democratic Executive Committee issue atproper credentials anu en.m-cates of appointment to tne sam motorsand challegers, authorizing andempowering them to act as such in theExe-C-U.ti.vl ,r'ert 'Tertifi- M X M I N IC K. &T 1several precincts for which they areabove appointed, and that the Chairman and Secretary at once certify tothe Board of Election Commissionersof Bourbon county the list of personsselected and recommended by thisExecutive Committee for officers ofelection in the various precincts aboveset out.The above list of persons selectedand recommended by the BourbonExecutive Committee for officers atthe primary election to be held inBourbon county on August 2, 1913, ishereby certified to the Board of Election Commissioners of Bourbon County. (The foregoing being a copy ofthe proceedings of the Bourbon County Democratic Executive Committee onJuly 16, 1913, with reference thereto.)W. D. McINTYRE,Ch'rm'n.E. B. HEDGES,Sec'y Pro tem.NERVOUS DEBILITY IS' EASILY OVERCOME.-Tona Vita Builds Up Runown PeopleVery Quickly.If you have a miserable, worn-outfeeling from morning till night; if your'food does not nourish you properly; ifyou have little ambition and tire veryeasily, you are debilitated and rundownand need somehhing to build you up.This, Tona Vita will do in a fewweeks' time. It is a remarkable medicine and is pronounced by most physicians the best tonic now being sold tothe public.Give this great touic a trial. No matter how badly you are run down youwill notice an improvement at once.In a few weeks you will feel as though:you had been made over.If you have lost flesh get on thescales after taking Tona Vita a week,and see how your weight has increased. Tona Vita is sold by Chas. E. Butler & Co.If you advocate bad roads you willvote to keep Dundon in office. Hewill give them to you.Notice of Meeting of GarthFond Commissioners.ine present beneficiaries oftheSarth Fund are hereby requested to meet the undersignedCommissioners of said Fund inthe Court House in Paris, Ky.,on Wednesday, July 23rd next,at which time said beneficiarieswill be expected to present theirreport; and to bring with themthe books studied during- thepast school year, apon whichthey will be examined.All new applicants are requested to present themselves for examination on Thursday, July 24,next, at the same place.CLAUDE M. THOMASJNO. T. COLLINSm EMMETT M. DICKSON '(15-3t) Commissioners,v-jju.ij.ipnij FOX TERRIER PUPS FOR SALE.I have for sale pure-bred Fox Terrierpups, all nicely marked. Price, $2.00each.ALVIN THOMPSON,Home Phone 50, Clintonville.East Tennessee Phone 192, Pari3.(8-3t)LOST.On South Main St., or Hume & Bedford pike, Saturday, July 5, ladies'hand bag containing about $2.00Mnchange, and a bank book with Ada B.Skinner's name on it.Finder please return to MetropolitanLife Insurance Co.'s office, WilsonBuilding, Paris, and get reward.For Sale.Good family and driving horse,ply toAp-15-2t . THOMAS BROS.FOR RENT.Suite of rooms for office or livingapartments. All conveniences. Cor.Pleasant street and Duncan avenue.CANCER CUREDI guarantee every case I undertake; 20 years practice; reference, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.Special Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther NoticeWe pay 121-2c for greenbeef hides. Call us upor bring it to our place..1,jv--ativt Y.A" 1