URBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVFBY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, OCT. 7, 1913.BOURBON COUNTY TEACHERS'INSTITUTE IN SESSION.THEI 1 mmmmmmm-wumsaam.issmmmm mwhiiiA-Vf:K. . -V.rs?.rPi.fjlML3;3i3$sas5feasZtsmr-IjP3$?ET3&jljMJVjhr,t.Alvin Silver PlateIs Made in But One. - Z,t . Quality4THE VERY BESTSee the George WashingtonPattern in Our Window-- u,r'0. LZJ pvjZTfiW,!W ' f, rtW'LrJZs. "'IkaNVMsasaNMs&sasWMiva'Miii-J- U LJ1Let Me Have Your Order ForCERTIFIEDIh BH vV kH h lH -. j i v&m Mh30cPoiinilWe Have it in Steele Cut or WholeT. C. LENIHAN,Cash Grocery.iJJtCombination Suits.Boys' Blue Serge Suits, $5 to $12Silkm!id ' ur. j ro n f ysJDUY& lieu diiu vapa, ww w vt$1.501sSsfcSfAo cl:- 1X7 :., CH 2DOyS OI1II15 tlllU. VVcUdia, uuw iand $1.007j?s1kBoys' Knee Pants 75c to $2 ' gprices 60. dotniersand FurnishersmmmThe Bourbon County Teachers' Institue began its session at the courthouse in his cits yesterday morningwith a full attendance of the teachersof the county, who are required bylaw to be present and a most interesting meeting was recorded the firstday.Dr. A. S. McKinzie, of State University, Lexington, is ably conducting theInstitute, which bids fair to becomethe most instructive in the enducationof the teachers of the county lookingto the betterment of the schools ofthe rural district.The Institute will continue throughout the week and during that timea number of distinguished speakerswill be present to address the bodyof teachers.On Thursday afternoon at 2 o'clockMrs. Clarence L. Martin, of Louisville,will speak before the Teachers' Institute. Her subject will be "Household Economics," and no one in theState is better prepared to presentthe subject in a forceful and helpfulmanner.Mrs. Martin is Chairman of theCommittee on Houshold Economicsfor the Kentucky Federation of Women's Clubs. When the Agriculturaltrain went through the state last yearMrs. Martin went with it and gavemany talks, and was instrumental inorganizing a number of clubs onHousehold Economics in various sections of the State.In coming to Paris, Mrs. Martin i3vrey anxious that all the teachers,both city and county, be present; andalso would like to include among heraudience every club woman andhousekeeper in the county. Everyoneis urged to attend. Mrs. Martin isthe wife of Prof. 0. L. Martin, former Superintendent of the Paris CitySchools. While hei she will be theguest of her daughter, Mrs. ClarkBarnett.At 11 o'clock this morning Mrs.Frances E. Beauchamp, of LexingtonPresident of the Kentucky W. C. T.U., will be present and address theInstitute upon the importance ofteaching temperance in the schools.Mrs. Beauchamp has a State-widereputation as a speaker and on theoccasion of several former visits tothis city has delivered some very delightful addresses.0wGAS RANGES.Just received, a carload ofNew Process Gas Rangesat A. F. Wheeler FurnitureCompany, opposite Courthouse, i . -' tfFATHER AND TWO SONSFINED $20 FOR ASSAULT.In the county court Saturday, JesseSmith and his two sons, Jesse, Jr.,and Will Smith, entered a plea ofguilty to the charge of assaulting SolKeller and ihs son, James Keller, andwere fined $20 and costs. It is alleged the Smiths in an altercation atHutchison last Sunday attacked Keller and cut him in the head with aknife. The trouble took place in frontof the store of Snell Bros.FORMER KENTUCKY EDITORIS .DEAD IN MISSOURI.Col. J. Stoddard Johnson, aged 81years, former asociate editor of theLouisville Courier-Journal, died at thehome of his son, in Clayton, Mo., aftera protracted illness of arterial sclorosis. Col. Johnson was the Democratic nominee for Governor of Kentucky in 1875, but was defeated. Heserved as Adjutant-General of theState from 1871 to 1875, and Secretary of State from 1875 to 1879. Col.Johnson was well known in Paris,where he frepuently visited and hadmany warm friends among the oldergeneration.SOLD TEN CENT RINGTO PARIS MERCHANTA few days ago a negro man presented himself at the store of Mr. Logan Howard, and offered to sell themerchant what he represented to be a"real diamond" for the small sum of$3. The negro came through with theold story that he had found the ring,and as he was hard up for cash hewas willing to make the sacrifice.Seeing an opportunity to get asparkler for such a small sum Mr.Howard jumped at the chance andseparated the negro from his possession in a jiffy, the latter departingwith three hard "iron men."Friday afternoon at Lexington anegro giving his name as Buck Harris was arrested for loitering, and itdeveloped that Buck had in his possession a number of such rings, thekind that are purchaseable at five andten- cent stores. The negro impartedthe story of how he had separated anumber of "marks" from their coin atthe rate of $3 per,and told of doing afair business. He had sold a whiteman one of the rings before his arrest. Harris, it is thought, is the same negro who was operating in this city,and while Mr. Howard is the only victim so far reportedit is the belief thata numebr "fell" for the game."WE-KNOW HOW"The Time to ThinkAbout Your Fall.Clothes is HereJTTAND when you begin tostudy as to where youare going to buy that Suitor Overcoat, remember thatMitchell & Blakemore's storeis the place to come first.Our line of Stein Bloch andHersh-Wickwire's Suits andOvercoats are surpassed bynone. In this store you willfind Clothes that are tailoredright, have that artistic touch in the designing that otherReady-to-Wear Suits have not. All the new shades andweaves. The two-tone Basket weave, Keltic cloth inGreys, Brown and the neat hair line stripes can be found'here in styles to please the young man, as well as theconservative buyer of Clothes.Stetson Velour Hat?, the best hats in the world onsale now.ffjIICopyright. I9u.tIMitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to MenParis, KentuckyWhip, TtC5"Vsar&M5MBVWlMIftTl KK9'wMliaWuvL 4vVt'Mss&is&mai&a vm&ijmm35LHuiiiiiiif!iiiriiiiianrini!ii!iiiiiiiiti!iiriii!iiiiuiiii::iiinmj!!!r3iiiUL'!m!i!ii!)Miiii!iiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiinnMf i. ETIFRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.XAnnounceNow Ready For Your InspectionNew Fall and Winter StylesSKISEED WHEAT, RYE ANDTIMOTHY.Ohio Pullz Seed Wheat,Northern Seed Rye, fancyquality Timothy Seed.Ve have large stocks ofthe above at market prices.CHAS.S. BRENT &BRO,7-2t3X? -i8InLadies', Misses' and Junior'sSuits, Cloaks, Dresses' Silk and Evening DressesEvening Wraps and CoatsSilk and Crepe Kimonas' Separate Skirts in Variety of StylesS)Millinery at Popular PricesCome in and Look AroundJ rv V" M M. Y Y J? 0 ""tMiiiiimmmiiiiiriniiuM.Kiiiiimm. r4 ('M$$41iMmmmMWMWMWmmmmmwmmmmmmmmmmmiiimwW&WfrWwWWW1S1"ww' W1A."P"MMi' ' "uliYiJtin.jTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCTOBBER 7, 1913-A-.Jaitt;:iiuw i-HThe Bourbon NewsEstablished Feb. 1, 1881.H989tg3SSBourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Street&WeTakeIPleasure.Sin oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelanndry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fov fine work and itdever goes brack on its reputation. If you are xarticularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.mThe Best in the WorldmmeiThe Higgin Ail-MetalScreens,The Higgin "All-MetalWeather Strip.Distributors of the Walger New .cTViodel AwningThe Best Awning Ever Put UpSuitable For Residences, Office and Hotel Buildings,School Houses, Etc.Some of Our Customers in Paris MassieHospital, A.X Winters, Geo. Alexander, N. F. Brent, J. W. Davis,Deposit Bank, T. H. Clay, Mitchell & Blakemore and dozens of others.Our Sales Agents will gladly furnish an estimate foryou. Get the Higgin service and be satisfied.Screens bought now for future delivery are made at 2cents per square foot cherper.I T. A. Hendricks,Sales AgentPhone 253523-sept-tfLexington, Ky.V9Q9W99W9999.1 W . H. ThompsonThe Leather Goods Store,An invitation is extended to you to 3Z visit this Store duringSWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Bniered at Postoffice it Paris, Ky.as mail mattei f be second clas'Established 18b i 30 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .2.00 Six Months. .1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING EATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blackbype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matt er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space . a newspaper's stock intrad source of revenue.YAGER HAS GOOD CHANCETO LAND PORTO RICO JOBSenator James stepped into thebreach Tuesday and for twenty minutes urged upon the President theclaims of Dr. Arthur Yager, whoseeks to be Governor of Porto Rico.If the Georgetown educator lands the$8,000 office it will be the result ofthe vigorous action of Mr. James andDr. Yager says he had placed his casein the Senator's hands.As a result of the conference theYager stock took a decided upwardtturn. Friends of RepresentativeMartin Foster, of Illinois, had beenmaking headway with his candidacyfor the Governorship, but Mr. Jamesasked for the office for Dr. Yager onthe ground that the patronage was deserved for a Kentuckian, and that theapplicant was a thoroughly representative citizen of the State.Dr. Yager is a prominent Baptist,closely affiliated with the anti-saloonelement, and was a classmate of thePresident at Princeton in 1879. Thislater fact has been a handicap to himas the President is sensitive aboutappointing men who were at schoolwith him because he thinks it arguesan unjustifiable favoritism.In the interview Mr. James basedthe application of Dr. Yager entirelyupon the ground of his fitness andmade the matter personal. The President is desirous of granting the Kentucky Senator any favor in his powerand those close to the Administrationdeclare that Dr. Yager will likely landthe office, whereas a week ago hischances were poor."I think Dr. Yager has an excellentchance of being appointed," said Senator James, as he left the WhiteHouse.THE FAMILY COUGH MEDICINE.NEW TARIFF ACT CAUSESRUSH AT CUSTOMHOUSES.Millions of Dollars of imports InBond Will Be Withdrawn.Vast Quantities of Foodstuffs CmeIn Free at All the Larger Ports.The first effect of the new tarifflaw to which President Wilson's signature was Written Friday night wasseen early Saturday when the clerical force at the customhouse wasincreased by fifteen men in anticipation of one of the busiest days in thehistory of the the port.The customs officials began business an hour earlier than usual totake care of the flood of applicationsfor release of the great store of imports which has accumulated i nbonded warehouses awaiting the tariffcuts.'In no custom district in the country will there be greater activity during the first few days of the new tariff than at the port of New York, forin the forty-eight bonded warehousesthere is more than $70,000,000 worthof goods awaiting withdrawal. Importers have been impatient to gettheir goods on the market, and itwas expected they would attempt towithdraw over half of this greatstore at once.There is almost every conceivablething in the warehouses, but the chiefthings are cottons, linens, woolens,furs, silkks, leather goods, driedfruits, pickled fish and leaf tobacco.AVOID SEDATIVECOUGH MEDICINESIf you want to contribute directlyto the occurrence of capillary bronchitis and pneumonia, use cough medicines that contain codine, mornhine,heroin and other sedatives when youhave a cough or cold. An expectorant like Chamberlain's Cough Remedy is what is needed. That cleansout the culture beds or breedingplaces for the germs of pneumoniaand other germ diseases. That iswhy pneumonia never results from acold when Chamberlain's Cough Remedy is used. It has a world-wide reputation for jts cures. It contains nomorphine or other sedative. For saleby all dealers. (adv)(Oct)WARNING FOR EMPLOYESInstruction for Payment f IncomeTax Sent Out From Capital.- In every home there should be abottle of Dr. King's New Discovery,ready for immediate use when anymember of the family contracts acold or a cough. Prompt use willstop the spread of sickness. S. A.Stid, of Mason, Mich., writes: "Mywhole family depends upon Dr. King'sNew Discovery as the best cough andcold medicine in the world. Two50c. bottles cured me of pneumonia."Thousands of other families havebeen equally benefited and dependentirely upon Dr. King's Discovery tocure their colds, coughs, throat andlung troubles. Every dose helps.Price 50c. and $1.00. All druggists.H. E. Bucklen & Co., Philadelphia orSt. Louis. (adv)(Oct)HUNTING VALUE OFTHE L. & N. FRANCHISE"Fall Fashion Week'1V,i September :29th to October 4th, where S4i mu there will be on display4 -.Ladies' Shopping Bags,Traveling Bags,Suit Cases, : H t 'Fine Leather Goods,Parisian Ivory.W. H. Thompson,1 39 West Main St.,Lexington, - Kentucky"f iAt the conclusion of argumentsTuesday afternoon in the FederalCourt as to the amount of franchiseassessment the Louisville and Nashville should pay taxes on in order toentitle it to a temporary injunction torestrain the collecion of axes on thebalance in litigation, Judge Cochranannounced that he vould write anl opinion, but did not say how much hewould require the road to pay, although he asked in the course of theargument if any of the attorneysthought $25,000,000 would be too highan assessment. Col. Henry L. Stone,chief counsel for the Louisville andNtshville, said he 'thought they couldshow the court that It was too high.This hearing was a cbntinuation ofthe hearing on a temporary injunction. The railroads paid into theState taxes on a valuation equal totheir 1911 assessments, and sued toenjoin the collection of taxes on theamount their 1912 assessments wereincreased over that of 1911. Thishearing was a continuation of thehearing on motions for temporory injunctions, Judge Cochran having heldthe assessments void, but being of theopinion that the roads should pay onhigher assessments than those of1911. The Louisyille and Nashvillepaid on an assessment of $$11,899,200and $33,528,874, the amount of the 'increase in its assessment is in litigation. If it is compelled to pay on anassessment of $25,000,000 it will haveto tender the State $65,500.40 more intaxes, and the fight will continue overthe $20,428,074, th e balance o f the1912 assessment complained of.Fixing the assessment at $25,000,000 would make it $13,100,800 moreman me xj. cz in. conceaes to De iairand. $2,428,07,4' less than the State ispons checks or bills of exchange. AnWashington were instructed Saturday by Commissioner Osborn to warnall employerrs charged by the new income tax law to withhold the normalincome tax of 1 per cent, at itssource, to pay it to the Government,and that if they fail they will be liable for the amount. This provisionbecomes effective November 1."As the law does not specify inwhat manner the tax shall be withheld," said Mr. Osborn, "it would appear that such means may be adoptedas will be best adapted to the particular business affected."The Commissioner said he wouldprepare licenses and regulations assoon as possible to enforce the provision which requires the licensing ofpersons, firms or corporations undertaking the collection of foreign international payments by means of coupons, checks of bill 3f exchange. Anapplication for such license filed witha Collector of Internal Revenue, heannounced, would be considered sufficent compliance with the law untilthe licenses and regulations can beissued. 0King He-Me-Hah, one of the earlyrulers of Egypt, we are assured by aPennhylvania professor, had a haremof 800 wives.A GENTLE ANDEFFECTIVE LAXATIVE.A mild, gentle and effective laxative is what people demand when suffering from constipation. Thousandsswear by Dr. King's New Life Pills.Hugh Tallman, of San Antonio, Tex.,writes: "They are beyond questionthe best pills my wife and I have evertaken." They never cause pain.Price 25c. at druggists or by mail.H. B. Bucklen & Co., Philadelphia orSt. Louis (adv)(Oct)One American telephone companyhas 14,610,000 miles of wire in use.T DREADPsHlaKmPrepare toenjoy its exhilarating frosts bymaking your blood rich,pure and active to prevent colds, grippeand rheumatism.Good blocd prevents sicknessand Scott's EmulsionwiW energteeyour blood and create reservestrength to endure- changingseasons. fScott's Emulsion is not anexperiment but has served humanityfaithfully for forty years; it containsthe purest cod liver oil rfree frorqalcohol or stupefying drugs-Scott's Emulsion is nature'sgreatest blood-maker and furnishesthe elements necessary for bodywarmth, 'rich blood and healthycirculation.Shun alcoholic substitutes and demandthe genuine Scott's EmulsionAT ANY DRUG STORE 13-7JBlood Bad?Liver Lazy?lA? jlo day afterday suffering when aidis at hana so convenient andat so little cost,EervosNijmjjj mi I hilup aidsM theIB JtferHM LclHUkm For13 youoDfo PiesWs Golden.edfical DiscoveryAV&OTa-.TTCTSgestion and purifies the blood. Ac a consequence bothmaCJl Slid liver return tn ihwr rriTnrI nnr? Trnnlrhxr nnr.AH-lnTtvousness and biliousness soon disappear. The entire system7cr over forty years this famous old medicinehas ''made good" and nevermore so than today,enjoying a greater sale ail ovr the yorld thanany ether doctor's prescription.sale at all druggists in liquid or tablet form, crcan send fifty 2 c stamps for trial box. AddressXJC. AC V. s-'JUifc.e.i 5UJrJtA3LO, iw. IT.iWSEf-V.V92B3c3da23g;Hot Facts About Fuel!If you have been a housekeeper any lengthof time you have probably trid different kindsof COAL. And after all kinds of experiences and complaints you know there is justone kind of FUEL that gives absolute satisfaction always, that is; Fox RidgeCoal. Remember you cannot order tooearly to avoid the high priees.soil & DentonThe Home of Good CoalYards, South Main St. Both Phonic 14AQasgafcXjfeacgg;aB E5Dod&g&JkASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland Teliephone works for him. He will reply:1. Sells My Products 4. Protects the Home2. Gets Best Prices 5. Helps the Housewife3. Brings Supplies . 6. Increases 'Profits7. Pays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet.For information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporatedLadies, Take a LookATTwin Bros. Department Store,New Arrival ofLsdiss' Stylish Fall Suits, Coats. Skirts,Waists, Millinery, Shoes, Etc,Bandsone Drygoods and Fall Drygoodsand Silks.Call Inios. nepaiM stoieCorner Seventh and Main Sts.Instead of Wood Shingles or SlateV . ' I f. '7. sf " W7r fTICORTRIGHTMetal ShintiesThe roofing that lasts as long asthe building and never needsrepairs.tl l. i if Zfc v?VV . y wuui uura, cracic, cun or rocf j e wooc shingle, nor have they theI 3 , "w great weight or brittleness of stone slate ;I besides they .are inexpensive and look better than either.tor Sale by rfrrhf t . -.Best & Hawkins, Millersbun?9 Ky.isv:1 contending for.11HL BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCTOBBER 7, 1913CHANGE In OURSTOCK AND HUH NOTES.3I3rVisB $85,000 $!SH PURSES ESflKENTUCKY T. H.OCT. 6 TO$ 5,000 TWO-YEAR-OLD FUTURIT.$ 3,000 WALNUT HALL CUP,, 'OOf ftArt vrxiTTTrw TJTTTTmrrxr opjx,uuu iu.iuutft.1 ruiuiuii v., -$ 3,000 FREE-FOR-ALL PACE, - -$5,000 TRANSYLVANIA, - ,$10,500 CHAMPIONSHIP STALLION STAKE,$ 3,000 CASTLETON CUP, - -A BIG STAKE EVERY DAYWeber's Prize Band o AmericaOne Fare RAILFOAD RATES One FareAmencan kmWkAiming IRfPPFkI fMIMachine mm wThe Latest AdderCosts But $35See our exhibit ask for10 days trialHere is a new price on a competent Adder. On a machine thatis rapid, full size and infallibleThe very latest machine, builtby men who know how, in oneof the largest metal-working shopsIt is an individual Adder, to beplaced on one's desk, close to one'stoks and papers. To take theplace of the central machine, requiring skilled operators.The price is due to utter simp'icity, and to our enormous output. Seven keys do all the work.Each, copied number isshown up ' for checking before the addition is made.The machine will add, subtract and multiply. With veryslight practice anyone cancompute a hundred figures aminute. And the machinenever makes mistakes.Countless offices, large andsmall, are getting from thesemachines the highest class ofservice.CityStateManufactured andlGuarauteed byAMERICAN CAN COMPANY, CHICAGOSold'by Joseph' Candioto Co., Lexington,' Ky.m Fans uaomss ueLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried us before.All Work Guaranteed satisfactoryTVTn'c zrr T.rHQ, Panama zrr' Rfvnw TT.otc P.liacmort anrlReblockedJ:o your satisfaction.We CalB for &nd OelsverWork.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid GlovesJCleaned, short, 10c; long 25cmmmmmm mmmsssmmmmm gmmamm mGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 399.NB. ASSOCIATION18, 19137J B. itMonday, Oct. 6Tuesday, Oct. 7Wednesday, Oct 8Thursday, Oct 9Friday, & Oct 10Tuesday, Oct 14year - oioj --4.JS.tv' or-m.Tjur-m n ii iimi iii n mi in iii.m nun n m m I I INow we make this offer so thatoffices everywhere may lear whatthis machine means to them.1 0 Days' TestWe will gladly place in anyoffice one American Adder for aThere will be no obligation,ten-days' test,and charges will be prepaid.Combpare it with any non-lister-eventhe costliest. Let anyone use it. See if any machinecan serve better than this.Just send us this coupon andwe'll send the machine.5 (smlm yw$MPlease send us an American Adding Machine for ten days' free trial.Name-1 Street AddressamngmIlmTAX LAWS NEEDConstitutional AmendmentTo Be Voted On InNovemberEQUITABLE SYSTEM DEMANDEDLast General Assembly Passed anAmendment to the State Constitution Relating to Revenue and Taxation. Frankfort, Ky. (Special) The lastGeneral Assembly in Kentucky passedan amendment to the State Constitution relating to revenue and taxationwith a view of abolishing the antiquated general property tax and substituting a more flexible system knownto be more equitable and productiveof greater revenue in other states.The tax commission appointed under another act at the same sessionmade a thorough investigation and reported unanimously in condemnationof the present law and strongly urgedthe adoption of the amendment by -thevoters at the November election.It is a significant fact that since theadoption of the present Constitutionjin 1891, which provided that "taxesshould be uniform on all property," alarge volume of personal property hasdisappeared from the assessors rollsfor the simple reason that such property was taxed out of existence or atleast out of sight.The owner of a bond, for instance,who received 4 interest and wascalled upon to pay in some instances2 or more in taxes either sold hisbond or failed to return it for taxation and cash, notes, bonds, stocks inforeign corporations and such like investments' are apparently no longerowned by Kentuckians.Burden of Taxes Transferred.This has had a tendency to transferthe burden of taxation to real estateand other property in sight and is notonly unequal but unjust.The real estate owner has soughtto diminish its value and in order toprotect himself transfers of propertyfor "one dollar and other valuable considerations" has demoralized the truevalues and leaves the assessor noguide to follow.Our citizens have unblushinglyomitted such items in their returnsfor assessment and have telt justifiedin doing so.The finances of the state have fallen into confusion and revenue agentsand arbitrary boards of so-called"Equalization" have failed to discoversuch property and secure their assessment. Under the present law every man ispractically his own assessor and thecourts have sustained the practice, asthe law permits no other course.General Property Tax Desirable.Other states have long since recognized the inefficiency of the "GeneralI Property Tax," and in these states wesee enterprise rewarded and wealthI accumulating, while the tendency ini Kentucky has been to hide our light! and incidentally our valuables for fearof the tax collector's discovery.Our progress has been retarded.Our population diminished and asidefrom the land owners and some merchants we do not seem to have muchwealth left in the state.Money like -water flows along thelines of least resistance, and if wethrow up a dam, however slight, itwill be diverted.Such a trifling obstacle as taxes, ifunequally distributed, may prove tobe a barrier of insurmountable proportions, however insignificant it mayseem from a casual view.No one desires willizigly to becomea. law breaker, a deceiver or an evader, and yet he must be all of these ifhe follows the old maxim, "When inRome you must do as the Romans do."Is this true? Go look at the assessors books and see where men whoare known to be wealthy get off bypaying little or no taxes on personalproperty assessed by themselves.Do self respecting men care to follow this example?A shrewd business man may haveI large investments in bonds and fail toreturn them for taxation by many wellknown practices of evasion. He reserves the full return on his investment. A widow or orphan may be leftbonds and the estate may have to hesettled in court. The revenue agentFinds it out and sues for ''omitted assessments of former years and the assessor puts them on the tax list. Thewidow and orphan are compelled topay two or three per cent in taxes andlive on the remainder.Is such a system fair?Taxes, in a free self-governed country, should be the least matter to worry about and yet they can be made sounfair and irksome they drive peopleaway and keep others from coming in.This is happening all the time in Kentucky. We have, a chance to remedy thisevil and i disregarded now we willhave to wait another five years beforeIt presents Itself again.It fa a clear duty to vote for thisconstitutional amendment at the November, election 'and every citizen inthe state should vote himself and urgehis neighbor to do the same if Kentucky is ever to be dragged out of itslassitude and kept in the front rank9t progress, prosperity and peace.McCray Bros., of North Middletown, have disposed of their saddlemare, Indianola, at a good figure.The late tobacco in Scott countyhas been cut green, the growers inthese parts fearing a damaging frost.In consequence, the weed is curing upreddish. The early cut, that is thatwhich ripened early, is curing up fine.Cynthiana Democrat: "W. M.Goodwin has sold his Bourbon county farm of 162 acres, near Colville,to L. C. McLoney and Arthur Talbott.Price, $14,000. The sale was madeby Eals & Peterson, real estateagents."The "Kentucky Red BerkshireAssociation" was organized at Lancaster on county court day. Mr. J. G.Burnside, of Upper Garrard, waschosen president. Mr. Samuel H.Harris, of Lincoln county, was madevice-president, and Mr. W. O. Walker,of Stanford, secretary-treasurer.Georgetown News: "Mr. John W.Hall weighed up to Mr. J. A. HamonThursday 24 head of 'baby beef yearling steers, averaging 1,000 pounds,at 8 cents per pound. Mr. Hallbought these calves last fall on theChicago market, costing him about$35 per head. He fed them shelledcorn every day up until the day heweighed them up. Mr. Hamon shipped them to the Chicago market."Arthur Hancock, of Paris, Sunday night, shipped five mares, whichfor some time have been' quartered inthe Blue Grass, to his Ellerslie Studat Charlottesville, Va., and wherethey will be bred next season to hisrecently purchased $20,000 stallion,Celt. The mares are Folly Levy,Please, Sumptuous, Little Em andMeddling Mary. The first three havebeen bred to Celt; Little Em to Ballot, and Meddling Mary to WaterBoy.The shortage in the Irish pototocrop because of the long continueddrouth becomes more and more evident as the time for digging arrives,says a dispatch from Lancaster. OneLancaster man who has been gardening on a large scale reports alongwith a minimum yield of other products only a seventy-five bushel cropof Irish tubers when he calculated atplanting time on at least a noutputof 200 bushels, while as it is the pooryield of seventy-five bushels will notpay for his seed potatoes.Practically all of the tobaccocrop of Bourbon county has been cutand is in the barn, with the result thefarmers are greatly relieved for fearot the frosts doing further damagethan that which has already beenwrought by the drouth. The crop ofBourbon county this season, while fullacreage was planted in the spring,will not yield more than sixty-five toseventy per cent, of the average production of the county. Growers haveanother serious problem to contendwith, that being the danger of houseburning of the tobacco. The crop,owing to the existing cool weatherconditions, is not ouring as it shouldand there is grave danger of damagefrom this source.The tobacco crop of Harrison. county is almost all in the barn andj early harvesters of the weed claimit is curing brighter than in severalI years. The dry weather of the pastsummer has caused the crop to .bevery thin, and as a result a fine quality is to be expected. The principaldamage was due to "firing" duringthe hot weather, but as this damagewas to the lowest grades the loss willnot be heavy. The crop of the present year is the shortest this countyhas had since the cut-out crop of 1908and for this reason and the fact thatthe reports from the neighboringcounties show that the same state ofaffairs, Harrison county farmers areexpecting a good market. Many offers from speculators of from 15 to20 cents straight for the entire cropcomes from all parts of the county."Mamma, don't you think Schillerquite out of date?""I certainly do.""I'm so glad, I just smashed hisstatutte in the drawing room. Meggendorfer Blatter.LUKE McLUKE SAYS.Once in a while a girl marries afellow because he has the cutestdimples, and then again it may be because he can roll a cigarette withone hand.A man never bothers about any ofthe rules for longevity until he gets tobe about 70 years old.As a rule the man who says he iswedded to his art has forgotten to geta divorce from Poverty.In the list of "among those present"at a wedding you can nearly alwaysfind the name of the bridegroom.If a woman has it, it is nervousprostration. If a cat has it, it is fits.What has become of the old-fashionedhorse that used to run away in acity street.During the first week a new brideis scared to spend her husband'smoney. A year later she is scaredshe won't get enough to spend.Reform is like a lot of other ingrates. Treat it decently and show ita little kindness and it will swell upand tell you where you get off.Take a genuine Oriental rug, madein Paterson, N. J., and mark it S2.69,and a woman won't look at it. Butif you mark it $69.20 she simply hasto have it.They say politeness does not costanything. Well, how do these $10-a-weekwaiters get their $10,000 bankacconuts?The only time a woman is thankfulfor little things is when they happento be her feet.After sizing up what the womenwear around the kitchen you alwayswonder why the rag man doesn't doa bigger business.As long as a woman is out of aman's reach he knows she is worthreaching for.If a picture of a nude woman waspainted in 1713 it is ART. If it waspainted in 1913 it is OBSCENE.Platonic Love means that you aregoing to give her a brotherly kiss andforget that she is a woman. And,like the famous ornitherincus, theyain't no such animal. Cincinnati Enquirer. ,Soda crackers are more nutritive than any other flourfood, Uneed'a Biscuit arethe perfect soda crackers.- Though the cost is but five; cents, Fneeda Biscuit aretoo good, too nourishing, toocrisp, to be bought merelyas an economy.Buy them because of tiieir freshness because of their crispnessbecause of their goodness becauseof their nourishment.Always 5 cents. Always fresh,crisp and clean.NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANYAs weeds offer a great impedimentto passage of trains, a great dealof money is spent by railroads of thiscountry in keeping the tracts clear ofvegetation.Chile is one of the Latin-Americancountries where' thrift is common andpeace and order prevail. The savingsbank deposits have increased about150 per cent, in four years and 40per cent, from 1911 to 1912.-.. I,f- ..w.,.1... r li .-vBros.TwoDepr701-703 Main Street Corner SeventhSee Our Window For$12.50, $15.00 and $18.00 SuitsReduced to$9.98i- '"These Suits are in the latest stylesand colors and areexcellent values. Take a look at them. We alsohave stfull line of Shoes, Hats, Caps, Shirts and everything tbMen and Boys wear.TWIN BROS,, CLOTHING DEP'7 'L Wollstein, Propri or.4 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDepositsYour Deposits Are GuaranteedY0D JAKE NO RISKSIf Vou Are InterestedWrite UsONION STATE BANKMuskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000Fully PaidCORROBORATIONOf Interest to Paris Readers.For months Paris citizens have seenin these columns enthusiastic praiseof Doan's Kidney Pills by Paris resident. Would these prominent people recommend a remedy that hadnot proven reliable? Would theyconfirm their statements after yearshad elapsed if personal experiencehad not shown the remedy to beworthy of endorsement? The following statement should carry conviction to the mind of every Paris reader: Mrs. Ida Huffman, 115 Main street,Paris, Ky., says: "We think Doan'sKidney Pills are just fine. We willingly confirm the endorsement wegave them some time ago. I sufferedfrom pains across the small of myback. Seeing Doan's Yidney Pillsadvertised I got a supply at Wilson's(now Chas. E. Butler & Co.'s) drugstore and gave them a trial. I wasvery much pleased with the results."For sale hy all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo,New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates. ., . rRcmembjer j thename Doan's anduake no other. (adv)1Gerald Mandell, the 3-year-old sortof Matthew Mandell, of FountaiiSprings, Pa., was the sixth mesmberof the Mandell family, including themother, to submit to an operation forappendicitis in two months..In the United Kingdom, where thereare no fewer than 616,000 womeocdressmakers, there are more "Womeitworkers in proportion to the populathion than in any other country in thefeworld.-,' "tat Storelew BarbershopWindsor Hotel..Modern Equipment,Polite'ServiccEverything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDBusiness Men's Barber Shop(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite Attention VHot and Cold jBaths at AlHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Patronage Solicited.PILES! PILES! PILES?WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMEftWill cure Blind, Bleeding- asd Itckiaf PUtIt absorbs the tumors, allays itckiag: at &acts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 58e asd fUWHJLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., OevetaMl, ttL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky jjCifrtis&Overby: . - '-i.,mv.THE BOUkBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., OCTOBER 7,1913y:vDEATHS.9WITR101LImm,'ijj)'i8mmtmI!II'i1 1fj .'Mi)i ;;1Mttt11TT......ifiiiimnnmiHMHM"iISilverwareThat is the product of the world's bestsilversmiths and many" pieces that rivalin workmanship the best efforts of theold masters.While our prices are very" moderate,it has been our constant endeavor tooffer only silverware of highest quality,without competition for cheapness."The Home of Quality"For Jewelry"Rlhi'-np RL "RithinnujPARIS, KENTUCKYCIOkj -' siSs ss2if3as8gsa66iCJM0cefac0aftg-MimMiim :wdmsas ;i s r ifT-rum m j,MfTuf !J MMMmWMlMUMm m wmumjommmmmis arMcClelland.After being in feeble health, for anumber of months, Mrs. Martha A.McClelland, aged 85, died at the homeof Mr. Robert Laivgston, on Scottavenue, FMriday at noon.Mrs. McClelland had made her homewith the Langston family for a number of years. She formerly residednear Millersburg, this county, and wasthe widow of the late Jos. McClellandShe is survived by one son, Mr. Jos.McClelland, of Cincinnati, and onegranddaughter, Mrs. Dennis McNamara, of Boston, Mass. Mr. CharlesTurner, of this city, is a half-brotherof the deceased.The funeral services took place Sunday afternoon at the grave in theMillersburg cemetery, conducted byDr. C. C. Fisher. The pall-bearerswere: Cale Corrington, J. G. Allen,Layson Tarr, James McClure, Thos.Savage and Thos. Wadell.CORBBTT.Mr. John Corbett, aged 74 years,died at his home in Mt. Sterling.Sunday, Sept. 28, after a protracted illness of a complication of diseases.For several weeks he had been at aLexington hospital under treatment,but his condition was such that littlehopes were entertained for his recovery. Mr. Corbett was born in Ireland,and and after coming to this countrymarried Miss Peuter, of Paris, afterwhich tliey located in Mt. Sterling.He and his family were well known inthis city. His wife died ten yearsago. His surviving children are P.Henry Corbett and Chas. Corbett, ofMemphis, Tenn.; Wm. Corbett, ofLouisville; John and Thos., who livedwith their father; Mrs. Margaret McNamara, of Covington; Mrs. J. E.Kisker, of Columbus, O.; Sister MaryBenedicta, of Cardome Convent atGeorgetown.BR ANNO CK.A message received here Saturday announced the death of Mr.Charles Brannock, aged about 57years, which occurred at his home inPleasant Hill, Mo., as the result of anattack of heart trouble.Mr. Brannock was a son of the lateMr. and Mrs. William Brannock, thelatter being before marriage Miss Elizabeth Kiser, a daughter of the late Allen Kiser, of Bourbon. Deceased wasa nephew of Mr. Allen M. Kiser, ofParis.Mr. Brannock was a prominent far-! mer of Cass county, Missouri, and hadmade a number of visits to Kentuckyrelatives. He is survived by his wifeand several children.Elder Robert H. Templeman. aprominent minister of the Christianchurch, is dead at his home nearCarlisle, at the age of seventy-one.He is widely known throughout thissection of the State.Mr. Frank G. Thompson, a former resident of Montgomery county,is dead at his home in Columbia, Mo.He was eighty-seven years old andhas many relatives in Montgomeryand adjoining counties. He was wellknown all over Central Kentucky.John B. Parks, 69, died a hishome in Richmond, Friday afternoonfromhardening of the arteries. Hehad been in failing health for sometime. Mr. Parks was a soldier in theUnion army during the Civil War.He was an ardent l-ver of the foxhound and carried away many trophies with his hounds. At one timehe v.as president of the NationalFox Hunters' Association.GRIFFITH-MANGUM.Announcement has been made ofthe approaching marriage of MissLeila Lee Griffith, of Athens, Ga., andRev. O. R. Mangum, of Paris.The marriage will be celebrated atI Atliens at 3 o'clock, on Wednesday afternoon, October 15, Rev. J. W. Lynch,pastor of the church, officiating.The bride is the daughter of Mrs.G. E. Griffith, of Athens, and is an attractive and popular young woman.Rev. Mangum is the pastor of theParis Baptist church, and is quite popular, and has a large circle of friendswho extend congratulations.WALLER-CLARK.The marriage of Miss MarthaHume Waller to Mr. W. A. Clark wasquietly celebrated Saturday at noonat the hojne of the officiating minister,Rev. Mr. Herget.The announcement of the weddingcame as a surprise to the friends ofthe bride in this city. Mrs. 'Clark isthe charming daughter of Mrs. W. C.Ussery, of this city, and has for thepast two or three yars been makingher home in Cincinnati. The marriage is the culmination of a pretty romance which began about two yearsago.She is prominent !n society circlesand is well known and very popularthroughout Central Kentucky.Mr. Clark is a member of the advertising staff of the Cincinnati Enquirer, and has a large circle offriends in Cincinnati.The wedding was a very quietaffair and was witnessed by only afew friends. Mr. and Mrs. Clark willreside in Cincinnati.Marriage licenses were issued onyeserday by County Clerk Pearce Paton, to the following: Mr. Harold C.Hill and Miss Odell Carr, and Mr.Arthur Plummer and Miss Sadie Bishop Strawther.M Wile 8kT. H. CLAY SLIGHTLY HURTWHEN THROWN FROM 3UGGY.sFormerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington ,Ky.A. Selection Wonderful inAssortment ofNew fall Coats andSuits!A Beautiful Showingof Afternoon andEveningGownsMr. Thomas Henry Clay, one of theoldest and most popular citizens ofParis, had a narrow escape from esrious injury Saturday while driving onEighth street. An unknown negro,side. Fortunately Mr. Clay escapedlessly down the street and his buggycollided with that in which Mr. Claywas riding, almost overturning the ivehicle and throwing the occupantwith great force against the oppositeside. Forutunately Mr. Clay escapedwith a few slight bruises and hismany friends was extremely glad thathis condition was such that he couldbe out Sunday.HOLIDAY SATURDAYENDOF WHISKY WARSIGHTED BY WALL STREETYOU CANSEND YOUR BOYTo COLLEGE WHENYOU HAVE MONEYIN THE BANKa Bank-BookTHE BEST SCHOOL. BOOK; FORIT CONTAINS A PRACTICAL ANDUSEFUL EDUCATION.YOUR MONEY IS A SURE FRIENDput it in our Bank -w 'TTA Bank Book contains more practical information foryour boy than any other book. Get the bank book first andyou will be able to acquire the others after, and you will getmore enjoyment out of them. A Bank Book is a diploma in-the college of SUGGESS. At the end of Dr. Elliot's five footook shelf should be a bank book.Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARISCapita!, $i00,000.00. Surplus, $40,000.00.Wall street sees an end to the longfight between the Distillers' SecuritiesCompany, known as the "WhiskyTrust," and the independent whiskymanufacturers in a report circulatedin New York that Julius Kessler, ofJulius rCpsslor Ar P.n nno nf tho, afcr., Ww., W.W V,. -w lifc,est distributors of Bourbon whiskies,will, at the annual meeting on October 15, be elected president of the Securities Company, as well as of theUnited States Industrial Alcohol Company, the Kentucky Distillers' Warehouse Company, the Cuban MolassesCompany, and other subsidiaries ofthe Trust.E. J. Curley, president of the Distillers' Securities Company, has announced his intention to retire because of ill-health.We wish to notify our customersthat our store will be closed Saturdayon account of Jewish holiday. Ourregular Saturday bargains will be onsale Friday.(7-2t) POSNER BROS.NORTH MIDDLETOWN CHURCHTO BE DEDICATED OCT. 19.The dedication of the new Christian church at North Middletown willbe held on Sunday, October 19, alhough the final arrangements for theevent have not been completed. It isthought the dedicatory sermon will bepreached in the forenoon and thecommunion will be held in the afternoon. Unavoidable circumstanceshave occasioned the delay until thedate finally decided upon, but everything appears to be shaping to beready on that date.Special DisplayDuring the Trots!Outof-Town Visitors Are Corc3ially Invited to the Use ofOur Rest R&oms Whilein Lexington. ;IfUItfi IlLJL UL UUeLexington, Ky.eeft9e3ft89fi$cacsss&$ft,QSee$so$s2&e3s$&MINDICTMENTS RETURNED BYCLARK COUNTY GRAND JURY.ACT AS JUDGES AT THEPADUCAH FAIR AND RACESThe following is taken from the Paducah News-Democrat of Oct. 1:"Hon. Henry M. Bosworth, StateAuditor, and his friend, W. R. Hukill,of Paris, were the guests of honor ofthe local Fair association. Both gentlemen asted as judges of the racing,Mr. Bosworth presiding, and Mr. Hukill, who is Assistant State Fire Marshal, being associate. The judgingwas the best ever given in McCracken county, the drivers being treatedwith the utmost fairness,but compelled to put forth their best efforts everyminute. Both Messrs. Bosworth andHukill are being greeted with heartfelt cordiality on evey hand."The Clark county grand jury,which has been in session for the pastthree weeks, returned the followingindictments late Saturday evening inconnection with tthe electio casesthey have .been investigating: JohnSumpter, Babe Rankin, Will Eubanks,John Ballard, Zack Connor, JesseSpencer. These men are all wellknown in Winchester and Clarkcounty ad considerable excitementwas caused when the names becameknown.LOW STAGE OF STONERREVEALS OLD DAMPREWITT TALKS AFTER BEINGCONFINED IN JAIL A DAYr-AvC I Is Ws& hs1 '"9I Vogue I1 Clothes IFORDave Prewitt, the wealthy Clarkcounty farmer, who was sent to jailThursday by Judge Benton, presidingat the term of the Clark CircuitCourt, for his refusal to answer questions asken by the grand jury, appeared in court Friday morning andstated that he was ready to testify.He had been confined in jail only aday. His refusal to answer'questionsregarding the recent, primary resulted in a fine for contempt and commital to jail. He refused to tell thatwhich had been confided to him regarding the buying of votes in the primary.J. M. HALL,! President.C. K. THOMAS. Cashier.ANOTHER FREAK SUIT INCOUNTY OF NICHOLASLAWMAKERS COMING HOMETO WORK ON HIGHWAYSThe call of Gov. McCreary for menOur sister county of Mcholas is to work on the roads of the stat6) 0ctjetting quite a reputation for freak , 24 aild 25, to boost the good roadsnits. Recently hundreds of dollars 1 movement will bring a number of disTrere expended in litigation to decide , tinguished road workers back to theirtke ownership of a barrel of corn be- native state Kentucky Congressmenit was compromised. Recently two and Senators, among the numberNicholas farmers, P. H. Harney and Senator Ollie James nd CongressmanPrank Teel. became involved m a nanfr5n nf tho seventh District, willi .. t. nnmn.m nfl " ' "VHiuuversy uvei luc uwuwoui' ulabout one-sixteenth of an acre of land,-td to be worth not more than $1.Tke case was decided by the court,rkich efitabliohed a line at a differentjplace than either party claimed. Thejram of $150 has been expended so farrjLd it is likely that the case will bearried to the Court of Appeals.1 return to Kentucky to take up the pickand shovel for the betterment of thoroads.DEMOCRATS.ICajor "W. N. MeKelvey, of Chicago,oes the sword of Balboa.Register to-day. or youwill lose your votein futureelections.The present low stage of Stonercreek, which is at the lowest stagein thirty years, reveals an old damwhich crosses the stream at a pointbelow the cleaning plant of B. F.Spears & Son. Many citizens are taking advantage of the opportunity toview the remains of the ancient structure, which only one- before in almosta century has been visible. tThe dam was constructed of timbers and stones, and was the firstbuilt to furnish a water power forrunning a mill which was built on anearby siteln spite of the fact thatthe timbers have been constantlyburied beneath the volume of water,onany of them are in a. perfect stateof preservation. One timber roughlyhewn from a coffee bean tree, showsnot the slightest indication of decay,although nearly a century has passedsince it was first put in its position.Mr. Chas. Foote,one of the oldestcitizens of Paris, whose recollectionof the dam is very clear, was one ofthe interested spectators Sunday afternon, and with an axe chopped several chips from the log, a difficulttask, owing to the hardened conditionof the wood.SCHOOL TEACHERS TOBE PAID ON TIME.GARLAND STOVESAND RANGESFO RMAXIMUM HEATAT A MINIMUMCOST.SEE OUR STOCKOF GAS STOVES,RANGES ANDGRATES BEFOREYOU.MAKE YOURYoung GentlemenrA Soecia! Feature with us.m mmmG! $18.00 to$20.00Suits andOvercoatsKing Quality ShoesMen and BoysFor1 Higgins a FlanneqanDoyle Building S2 Oct3tf IParis Gas 8 Electric Go.,Incoaporatecl.The school teachers will get theirfirst, installment of salaries on timsthis year. The Department of Edu- j PURCHASE.canon u.l riauMuit lias u raw 11 a. warrant for $941,476:15 and AssistantState Treasurer Robert Phillips saidthe money will be paid to the schoolsthis week.State Superintendent Hamlett saidthat city and county school departments which have not filed their statistical and financial statements withthe Department of Education will notget their apportionment until theydo so. These reports should havebeen filed in August.In the delinquent list are the counties of Jefferson, Cumberland, Letcher, Lewis, Lyon, Martin, Menifee,Pike, Breathitt, Carlisle and Taylor.Winchester and Middlesboro havemade no report of any kind for twoyears, and the following cities havemade no statistical report this year:Louisville, Covington, Cynthiana,Maysville, Paris, Pineville, Richmond,Russellville and Versailles.For Sale.i Beautiful Residence !"PROMINENT INDIANAPOLISPHYSICIAN 'FOUND DEAD"Hidaway," the beautiful residenceof W. C. Massie, on Vine street, isfor sale. The handsome place is anideal home, with all modern conveniencies. Mr. Massie will be at homefor the next two weeks to show prospective purchasers through the houseand premises. Anyone desiring to purchase an elegant and permanent homewill do well to look this property overa3 it is seldom such places are put on.the market. 3-4tDr. Richard F., Stone, a prominentphysician of Indianapolis, Ind., wasfound dead in his office in that city,Friday. Death was due to asphyxiation. There is an opiniqn that hecommited suicide. He was a brotherof Col. H. L. Stone, general counselfor the Louisville & Nashville rail-jroad, residing in Louisville Relatives discredit the suicide theory.LOST.Between Paris and Lexington Sunday afternoon two handbags, one amorocco, the other a crocheted macrame bag, containing some silvej:..Finder please report to this office.-(7-2t)HP,THE1 BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., OCTOBER 7, 1913AIHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADEDEMOCRATS.Register to-day or youwill lose your vote in futureelections.CEDAR CHESTS.Pack up your summer goods in oneof our cedar chests. Beautiful lot.J. T. HINTON.ALWAYSRIGHT.See our line of rugs. Our pricessmd qualities are always right.J. T. HINTON.SPECIAL SHOE VALUES.Ladies' tan button shoes, agreat;value, at $1.99.BAN COHEN'S(7-2t) Bargain Shoe Store.HOTEL ROOM BURGLARIZEDAND CLOTHING STOLENThe room of Mr. Kimball Spears atthe Windsor Hotel was entered Friday by a burglar, and all of his possesions that happened to be in therocn, including wearing apparel, suitca 3 and money, was taken. Them -ter was reported to the police,v j are investigating.-YOU WILL EE PLEASED.Get shoe satisfaction by trading at(tf) FELD'S.THOMPSON RESPONSIBLEFOR CENTRAL VICTORY.In a game of football at DanvilleSaturday afternoon the Central University team defeated the ManualHigh School team of Louisville by ascore of 19 o 0. G. C. Thompson, sonIr. and Mrs. A. S. Thompson, of thiscity, left half back for the Danvilleeleven, distinguished himself in thegame by making two touchdowns, oneafter a sixty-yard run.EXCHANGEYour old stove in on Gas Range andHeater.(26-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.MILLERSBURG LAND ISSOLD AT PUBLIC AUCTIONUnris & Snpnkps nlr1 fnr TTrfrlDowning Saturdav a. tract of nnim-!proved land containing about threeacres, in Millersburg, to Dave Clark,for $450. The cottage and buildingot belonging to Mr. Downing wereoffered at the same time, but withdrawn. The same firm sold privately Saturday a residence in East Paris belong-1Sng to Walter Clark, to J. W. Kennedy, of Millersburg, for about 1,600.$1.00 A DAY OFF.See Davenport and chair inwindow. .Coin;down a dollar a day.J. T. HINTON.PRESERVING PEARS.A fine lot of preserving pears onBale at the price you are looking for.We solicit your order.(7-2t) T. C. LENIHAN.GOOD PRICES OBTAINED ATSALE OF MRS. J. A. LYLEAuctioneer M. F. Kenney makes thefollowing report of the prices realizedat the sale of stock, farming implements and household furniture, belonging to Mrs. John A. Lyle, whichtook place near Paris, Thursday afternoon: One aged mare, $62.50; one jaged mule, $35; one carriage, $82.50; Jfarming implements and household.goods sold high. A large crowd wasin attendance, and the bidding wasbrisk.The farm belonging to Mrs. Lylelias been rented to Mr. Claude McGinnis, of Paris, who will take possessionat once, Mrs. Lyle coming to Paris toreside.Coal bills are a large part of yourliving expenses reduce both by using jCole's Hot Blast Heaters.CLOSED SATURDAY.On account of a Jewish holidayPrice & Co. will be closed all day Saturday, Oct. 11 open at 6 o'clock thatevening. We would like for our customers and friends that intend buyingSaturday to come before Saturday,We itHi &I1UW lUg it JUIIIJietfc5 lUlt: JL 1suits, overcoats, hats, caps, and fur-jiishings for men and boys at theright price.(7-2t)SEED WHEAT, RE ANDTIMOTHY.Ohio Eultz Seed Wheat,Northern Seed Rye, fancyquality Timothy Seed.We have large stocks ofthe above at market prices.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.7-2tBROKEN LIMB SUSTAINEDIN FALL AT THOMAS HOME, vh vTZi 1 Kciendenii Mrs. Frank Filhian, Mrs.the North Middletown and Stony Y. '. ;ecoc Tarv Woodford.As a result of a fall at her home onPoint pike, late Thursday afternoon,Mrs. E. K. Thomas, wife of the prominent Bourbon farmer and stockman,sustained a fracture to her right limbabove the knee. TMrs. Thomas waspassing from one room to anotherwhen the accident occurred. A physician was summoned and the injuredmember set. Reports from her bedside are to the effect that she is resting comfortably and doing as well ascould be expected. Mrs. Thomas isthe venerable mother of Hon. C. M.Thomas.SOOIAL AND PERSONALMr. M. H. H. Davis left Sundayfor Martinsvill, Ind. He will be goneabout two weeks.Mrs. J. W. Davis has returned,from a weeks' visit to her daughter,Mrs. Henry Craig, in Georgetown.lfll TrVin P'llTlnirioTln'rM rQ XT' r -dida, who has been quite ill for several days, is reported to be improving. Mr. Lee Price and son, Mr. John,Price, left Saturday for Martinsville,I$nd., for the benefit of the latterhealth.Mrs. Bettie Hays, of Kansas,City, Mo., is the guest of her brothers, Lee and Albert Talbott, at NorthMiddletown.Mr. J. A. Rice, who has been aresident of Lajunta, Colorado, for thepast two years, is the guest of relatives in Paris.Mr. J. T. Quisenberry, who hasbeen ill for several weeks, with tonsilitis at his home on South Mainstreet, is improving.Miss Elizabeth Yerkes, who is attending schocit Danville, spentfrom Friday to Monday with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. L. Yerkes.The members of Rebekah Lodgeare requested to meet at the lodgeroom, at I. O. O. F. hall at 8 o'clockthis evening. Business of importance.Mr. and Mrs. Hall, Miss Justiceand Mr. Hampton, an auto party fromWinchester, visited Col. and Mrs. Jno.Cunningham and Mrs. Laura EstillFrancis, at Rosedale Sunday.Mr. Mike Gorey and Mrs. LeeKenney and sister, Miss Emma Edna, and Mrs. Fred Kenney, fromDanville, Ills., will spend Sunday withMrs. Welsh and brothers.Miss Margaret Walsh, who is atrained nurse at St. Elizabeth's Hospital in Covington returned to herduties yesterday, after a visit to hersister, Mrs. Henry McGinley,Fourth street.onThe Babies' Health League met jThursday afternoon at the home ofthe president, Mrs. Wade H. Whitley,on Vine street. Dr. William Kenneypresented the discussion, which wasgreatly enjoyed by those present.The subject was "The Care of theNose, Ear and Throat." The following officers were elected for the ensuing year: President, Mrs. Wade H.Whitley, First Vice-President, Mrs.Louis Taylor, second Vice-President,Mrs. M. F. Burton, treasurer, Mrs. F.L. Lapsley, secretary, Mrs. WithersDavis.The Christian Woman's Board ofMissions held a meeting Friday afternoon in the parlors of the Christianchurch. Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, thepresident, presided, the occasion beingthe election of offioors for the ensuing year. Mrs. W. R. Scott, chairmanof the nominating committee, recommended the election of the following iofficers, who were unanimously chosen: President, Mrs. J. Walter Payne;First Vice-President, Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft; Second Vice-President, Mrs.William Myall; Third Vice-President,Mrs. J. B. Booth; Secretary, Mrs. Harrv Kerslako; Treasurer , Mrs. Royuienuemn; urganist, Mrs. lizzieWalker; Superintendent of MissionBand, Mrs. Watson Judy; Assistants, Mrs. Lizzie Walker, Mrs. Fannie Swango, Mrs. T. M. Funk, Mrs.E- T- Hinton and Mrs. F. P. Walker.i Airs. w. &. sinims, who lor tne pastj sixteen years has been president ofthe Board, and who resigned severalmonths ago on account of ill-health,and Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft, who waschosen to fill the vacancy, havebrought the auxiliary to the highstandard of excellence, will no doubtbe maintained during the term of thenew President, Mrs. Payne, who ,pos- jsese exceient executive ability anaha a marked knowledge of parliamentary law. Considerable businesswas disposed Of before Mrs. T. M.Funk took charge of the literaryprogram, which consisted of the devotional exercises, a reading by Mrs.Bettie Brown on "What is the Bible"a missionary story, "Praying and Go-ing Forward," told by MrsE. P.Clark, and a paper by Mrs. Funk.Mrs. C. C. Clarke entertained Friday afternoon at her home near North jMiddletown with a beautiful euchre Jpartj', which was one of the prettyevents of the autumn season. The !rooms of the beautiful home weremade very pretty and attractive by an !artistic arrangement of golden rod,autumn leaves and plants. A delight-1ful buffet luncheon was served at oneo'clock. The table was covered withdainty Battenburg cloth and the cen-1terpiece was a beautiful arrangement'of crimson dahlias. Dishes of mints !land nuts were placed on the cloth: JAfter luncheon progressive euchre ,was enjoyed, and for the highestscore a cut glass bon bon bowl wasawarded to Miss Willie Boardman, 'while the consolation prize, a deck of 'cards, was won by Mrs. John S. Tal-bott. Tlie following guests enjoyedLilt; ucusuilui uaoiuu. j.iwni inwiunMiddletown and vicinity, MesdamesWill Gay, Walter Meng, Emma Cooper, Frank Collins, Louis Rogers,Catesby Woodford, Jr., Thomas Buck! ner. Walter Kenney, Alice S. Dickson,Dip Sfe-illrrmn. Tiinp.pfnrd Talhott. IJohn S. Talbott, Waren Rogers, Clar-jence Kenney, H. S. Caywood, MissesSytha and Lake Kern, Lena and Ma- json Talbott; from Maysville, Mrs. C. iC. Cooper; from May slick, Mrs. JohnClark, Mrs. Albert Shanklin, Miss Ella jShanklin; from Winchester, Misses iSallie McDonald, Golden and Ella ;Day and Margaret Gay; from Mt.Sterling, Mrs. H. G. Tabb, Mrs.Amanda Howe, Mrs. Charles Nesbitt Iand. Miss Ollie Young; from Carlisle,Miss Willie Boardman; from Paris,Mrs. John A. Gilkey, Mrs. William K.Dudley, Mrs. R. H. Wills, Mrs. Watson Judy, Mrs. Sam Clay. Mrs. noyElizabeth Fisher. Mary FithianX-uaqasoH ' uiojbo pub ijiuoqonHMrs. Clark was assisted in entertaining by Mrs. Walter Meng. Mrs. JohnTalbott and Mrs. Allie S. Dickson,while the score was kept by Mrs. H.S. Caywood.The Parliamentary Club will holdits first meeting of the year Wednesday afternoon at 3:45 at the Elks'building and a full atendance is urged. There are several matters of importance to be brought before theclub as well as a most interesting program which will be: Roll Call; Vacation Notes; President's Address,Mrs. A. H. Morehead; Response,Mrs. Geo. Stuart; Reports of Committees; Social Hour.Mr. David McAmos, of Covington,was a guest yesterday of Miss OrieMann.Mr. Clell Turney returned Saturday after spending several weeksinCanada.Mr. Frank Wright, of Winchester,is the guest of his parents.Mr. andMrs. J. W. Wright, near this city.Mr. Hedges Rash, of North Middletown, is spending this week inLexington and attending the trots.Mr. W. O. Hinton returned yesterday, after a visit to Cleveland, O.,and to his son, Mr. Oscar Hinton, inAnn Arbor, Mich.Mr. Bennie Weissberg left yesterday for Pittsburg, Pa., where he willengage in the brokerage business.His wife and son left several days agofor that city.Mrs. C. L. Hughes, of this city,who is ill at the home of her motherin Fleming county, is dangeroously illand not expected to live. Her relatives in this city have been notifiedas to her condition and are at herbedside.LARGE STOCK BARN BURNEDON THE RUNNYMEDE FARMA large stock barn at "Runnymede,"the stock farm of Col. E. F. Clay, wasburned to the ground about noon,Thursday, entailing a loss of about$S00. Hay and other feed stored inthe barn together with a number offarming implements were also consumed. The blaze when discoveredby Col. Clay from his back porchwas under full headway. There wereseveral horses in the barn which wererescued without injury. Col. Claycarried no insurance upon the structure. HARRY SALOSHIN OPENSSALOON IN OLD STANDMr. Harry Saoshin opened his saloon on Seventh street Saturday, thestand being formerly occupied by hisfather, Mr. Louis Saloshin, who disposed of his stock and closed May 1.Mr. Saloshin is an extremely popularyoung man, and should make a success in his new venture.COUNTY COURT DRAWS ANEXCEPTIONALLY LARGE CROWD.October court yesterday broughtout a large crowd one of the largestthat has been in attendance for manymonths, but little business was transacted. About two hundred cattle were reported on the market at the pens ofM. J. Murphy & Co., all of whichsold at prices ranging from six toseven cents. Thre hundred sheepwere at the pens, the majority ofwhich changed hands at from "5 to$6 per head.There were about .one hundred mulecolts on the market and about fiftyfive of the number chango'l hands atfrom $25 to $120 per head. Clay,county parties purchased about forty'head, which are quartered at the stables of M. J. Murphy & Co., awaitingshipment.HOME TELEPHONE NOTES.Miss Ella O'Neil is doing specialwork in the capacity of District ChiefOperator for the Central Home Telephone and Telegraph Company, and isnow at the Paris office.Mrs. Daisy Hill has accepted the position as night operator for the HomeTelephone Company.Miss Clennie Lusby has acceptedposition as Chief Operator for theHome Telephone Company at Cynthiana.. mMr. W. H. Cannon, of Louisville,has accepted the position as DistrictWire Chief for the Home TelephoneCompany, and arrived Monday to assume his duties.Mr. J. Cager Head, of Lebanon,Ky., has accepted the position asManager for the Home TelephoneCompany at Millersburg, and will arrive Thursday to tafie charge.Mr. J. Earl Malonee, of Bristol,Tennessee-Virginia, has accepted theposition as Inspector for the HomeTelephone Company, and will arrivethe last of the week to report forduty.All of the above-mentioned are firstclass telephone people and very popular among their associates. DistrictManager Veatch is to be congratulated upon securing such competent assistance. TrvBaldwin'siSolden agkBrandSausageAnd OpenKettleRendered Lard,The Best on EarthMade byBaldwin. Bros.,:iParis, KentuckyBURLEY SOCIETY SETTLESTAX SUITS FOR $10,000.All the suits for back taxes broughtagainst the Burley Tobacco Society intwenty-six counties by former StateAuditor's Agent John Howard, weresettled Thursday by Henry Ware,appointed special Auditor's agent forthe purpose, and State Fire MarshalC. C. Bosworth, acting forState Auditor H. M. Bosworth, tnd B. D. Berry,of Lexington, representing the Burley Society. The amount of the settlement is $10,000, and includes allthe claims for back taxes excepting?2,400 now in the hands of Auditor'sAgent D. L. Hardesty, of Lexington.The suits aggregated many thousands of dollars, but many of themwere not enforceable, the Commonwealt having recently lost the onein Fayette county. The suit pendingin Bourbon is included in the number. Close your eyes'and listento the great artists singing" onthe Victor and you'd reallythink the singers themselveswere actually in the room.That's how perfect theVictor is; that's why it isacknowledged the greatest ofall musical instruments. Itenables you to enjoy thevoices and music of theworld's greatest artists in alltheir beauty.Come in and hear the greatartists on the Victor and VictorVictrola you'll be surprised at thewonderfully clear, natural tone.Victors $10 to $100. VictorVictrolas $75 to $250.iaygfrtBros.fi:See Davenport' 1' I "j g0830j m c Jlr m m&L Mi aha JL 9 mm 1-J. T. MIMTQftWood MantelsisasOlftEOnsi 9lMiltINew Fall GoodsNow Ready For YourInspection . . .After a three-weeks' search of the New York andEastern markets,, we are in a position to show you thelargest and best selected stock ever shownjby us.See the beautiful new ideas inSilks, Dress Goods, Challies, Velvets, Corduroys, Dress Trimmings and Laces,Neckwear and many novel accesssories to make your Falloutfit complete.Ask to see our non-shrinkable flannels for waists,shirts, &c.We are agents for the following good lines HendersonCorsets, DeBevoise Brassieres, Wayne Knit Hosiery andEskay Kid Gloves.W. Ed Ttscker.9piiHBIIaMaMIMC LdltMTHE BABY DOLL SHOE, .in Patent, Colt Top.Also the English Walking Shoe in Tanand Gun Metal.We Have The Season's NewestGeo. McWilliams5L Phones 301YOUR HEALTHYour Family's Health ar-:-DEMANDSiThat You Use a Vacuum CleanerDon't just stir up the DUST and GERMS. Remove themfrom the home. Not only do this, but cut your work inhalf. When you buy a cleaner buy a DUNTLEY. It isjust as easy to buy the best.If you want anELECTRIC let usdemonstrate theDuplet!and Chair in Window Going Down $1.00 a day.SAVES YOU MONEYUndertakingtJCIIMIIUIIIThe Shoe Man m.Bv IkAmbulance.IrI- -r ,i u v. t iTI imi I . nil, l lllll.nl I .fc" MZ-JKM-I-! 1.-7 -JT . f T T'-WPir II )i M1 ' ; v iy mmmi n wintfNxTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, K NTUCKY OCTOBER 7, 1913.Iiffih'srf!r) sp.1 vI! 'I' I'4HiJ.!! fc,t I'IJrf J'-IS U2 ,1?JI v1 .IIif ?f ii- tf1f IL. cScN. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT MAY 4,1913Trailers Jrri"veNo. FROM34 Atlanta, Ga.. Daijy . . 5.21 am134 Lexington. Ky., Daily 5.18am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday - 7.35 am7 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.38 am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except 'Sunday 7.40 am40 Lexington, Ky , Daily Except Sunday ...'.. 7.22 am37 Cincinnati, O., Dcily ' 9.50 am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 am12 Lexington, Ky.. Daily - 10.15 am33 Cincinnati, 0. ZatXr 10.24 am28 Lexington, Ky., aily Except Sunday 12.00 m25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pm138 Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.33 pm38 . Knoxville. enn.. Daily 3.25 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5.35 pm39 Cincinnati, O , Daily Except .Sunday 5.50 pm30 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6,06 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 am32 Jacksonville. Fla., Daily 6.18 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrains DepartNo. , 'TO84 Cincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 am29 Lexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am4n Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 7.50 arcMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.50 amLexington, Ky., Daily t 9.57 amKnoxville, Tenn., Daily ' 9.55 amJacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.20 amLexington, Ky., Daily 10.29 amMaysville; K.. Daily 12.05 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily except Sunday 12.04 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.33 pmCincinnati, O., Daily '. 3.4o pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.5G pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.58 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.23 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.20 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.35 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily . 10.55 pm31 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57 pm10137373313362625'38 Cincinnati,IN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trains ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except'4Sunda 7.44 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.30 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except; Sunday 5.5ft praTrains IDe;part!"No.TO37 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.441 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday 9.531 Frankfort, Ky Daily Except Sunav 5.54 pmamamHere Is the HogLexington, Ky.BOURBON REMEDY CO.,Enclosed find photo of hog that wascured of cholera with your BourbonHog Cholera Remedy. This hog wasalmost dead before using the medicineand then was entirely cured, exceptloss of ears, tail, etc. The hog isowned by Mr. Skiles Ewing, of Bawling Green, Ky. He will be glad togive you a testimonial, and we can geteeveral more if you want them.JENKINS-SUBLETT DRUG CO.,Bowling Green, Ky.Ask Your Druggist for It,FOR SALE BY W. T. BROOKS.Professional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones j 0lel.Uesidence )!&.Special Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther Noticefv.1We payl21-2e for greenbeef ihides. Call usupor bring it to our place.MAX MUNICH8th Street, PARIS; RCall East Tenn. Phone 374DR. A. U KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - - - KentuckjWHAT'S INDIGESTION?WHO CARES? LISTEN'"Pape's Diapepsin" Makes Sour, Gassy Stomachs Feel Fine at Once.Time it! In five minutes all stomach distress will go. No indigestion,heartburn, sourness or belching ofgas, acid, or eructations of undigestedfood, no dizziness, bloating, foulbreath or headache.Pape's Diapepsin is noted for itsspeed in regulating upset stomachs.It is the surest, quickest and mostcertain indigestion remedy in thewhole world, and besides, it is harmles. Millions of men and women now eattheir favorite foods without fearthey know Pape's Diapepsin will savethem from any stomach misery.Please, for your sake, get a largefifty-cent case of Pape's Diapepsinfrom any .rug store and put yourstomach ' ?ht. Don't keep on beingmiserable life is too short you arenot here long, so make your stayagreeable. Eat what you like and digest it, without dread of rebellion inthe stomach.Pape's Diapepsin belongs in yourhome anyway. Should one of thefamily eat something which don'tagree with them, or in case of an attack of indigestion, dyspepsia, gastritis or stomach derangement, at daytime during the night, it is handy togive the quickest, surest relief known.(adv)The production of rice in the Provinces of Pangasinan and Nueva Ecija,Phillipines, alone last year amountedto 19,210,000 bushels, and the localauthorities there claim that production can be increased indefinitely byimmigration and irrigation. The needof farmers is the greatest factor.WOMEN WHO GET DIZZY.Every woman who is troubled withfainting and dizzy spells, backache,headache, weakness, debility, constipation or kidney troubles, should useElectric Bitters. They give reliefwhen nothing else will, inprove thehealth, ading strength and vigor fromthe first dose. Mrs". Laura Gaines, ofAvoca, La., says: "Four doctors hadgiven me up and my children and allmy friends were looking for me todie, when my son insisted that I useElectric Bitters. I did so, and theyhave done me a world of good." Justtry them. 50c. and $1.00 at all druggists, or by mail.H. E. Bucklen & Co., Philadelphia orSt. Louis. (adv)(Oct.)fS,EffiBBliliiltinif4'nilinn.PfcasNIGHT SCHOOL FOR STUDYOF AGRICULTURE OPENS.Forty-six pupils have enrolled inthe night agricultural school at Pleasant Valley, Nicholas county, said tohave been the first night school in theUnited States to teach modern methods of farming. The students rangein age from 14 to 66. Another nightschool of agriculture has been organized, this one at Cassiday, in the same Vcounty.KENTUCKY SPORTSMENWIN THEIR CONTENTION.J J. WIIiXilAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LA W .Xoom 1 Elks Buildine .Adminstrator's Sale-OF-LAN D!As Administrator or James Dentoa,I will sell, on the premises, on theRuddels Mills pike, two miles fromParis, onMonday, October 11, 1913,At ten o'clock, a.-m., the following:About twenty acres of land, including orchard of twelve acres; goodframe dwelling; cistern; stable andall necessary outbuildings.TERMS Made known on day ofsale.J. L. DENTON,AdministratorEither phone 140. Paris, Ky.M. F. Kenney, Auc'tr.(26-td)Kentucky sporsmen won in theircontention presented by J. Q. Ward,Executive Agent of the Game and FishCommission, before the United StatesBiological Survey, for an extendedshooting season on the Ohio river.Mr. Ward received word that migratory birds may be shot on the Ohioriver from October 1 to January 15.Under a new Federal statute, giving the Department of Agriculturepower to make rules for the protection of migratory song, game and insectiverous birds, the survey hadmade the Mississippi and its tributaries a zone of immunity on whichthese birds could not be shot untilNovember 1. This was to give thema place to alight on their long Southern journey in the fall. But the Ohioriver is, the only body of water onwhich Kentucky sportsmen have achance to shoot these birds, and November 1 is so late, that, accordingto the observed habits of mallardsand other choice game birds, nearlyall of them would have departedSouthward before the hunters had achance at them.Executive Agent Ward took up thequestion with the survey, and whilein Boston attending the meetig of theNational Association of Game Commissioers, made a vigorous protest.The result was announced by letter.Goal costs money. You know itThe winter's coal costs BIG money. You knowthat also. Yet, half of it is wasted by poor management. Oh, yes it is! Listen and be convinced.Ordinary soft coal is half gas. An average ton of $3.00 coal contains about14,000 cubic feet of gas common illuminating gas. A gas which will, ifproperly mixed with air, burn with an intensely hot blue flame. This gasrepresents the best half of your ton of coal. ,This unbmrned gas and a large portion of the heat isCarried up the Chimney by the air leaking cracks instoves of Ordinary construction.There is only one way to save this wasted gas and heatand that is with aGolems Originalwhich is so constructed that it has no air leaking cracks.In this wonderful heater and fuel-saver the gas is keptunder perfect control until oxidized and burned.It is the only stove that is made tight holds tight stays tight.It is the only stove that saves the wasted chimney heat.It's the only stove that gives you a constant ', steady heat with soft coal, hardcoal or lignite.It will give you all the heat that is in your coal.It will hold your fire 36 hours without attention.It will burn all kinds of fuel.It is guaranteed to consume one-third less fuel than any lower draft stoveof the same size, using soft coal, lignite or slack.And It is sold you under a guarantee to-fill all these claims.Back of this guarantee is the credit and capital of an immense factory andit is worth to you 100 cents on the dollar.Come in and See It. It -Means Dollars in Your Pocket and aPleased Customer for Us.E. cTW. WHEELERFURNITURE CO."Robneel" Building, Corner Eighth and cTHainSee the name ''Cole's" on the feed door of each stove, Ncnc gcnzszne without iiMBTTOWWMrTfvi;-,i' -WHi.Hi- J "'V4EES&A glass bottle blowing machine invented in Germany has v. speed oi'two thousand bottles an hour, equalto the work of 260 expert glass blowers.Steamers plying between Englandand Holland have been equipped withapparatus by which all their lifeboatscan be launched from either side of avessel.Crumblingbirdges instrengthened by boring holes into themasonry and injecting thin cemetmortar at a pressure of five atmospheres.stone arch railroad ; ? 1.0 French city of Rouen has a.uermasy nave Deen i great clock which was built in the-year 1389, and is still keeping goodtime. Except for cleaning and a t&trnecessary repairs, it has never skipped in, more than five centuries.The electrification of Berlin's suburban railroads at an estimate cost of$30,000,000 is being considered by theGerman Government..Hatteras shows the greatest amoustof annual humidity of all places inthis country.Wf0fe& jttiHATHAaC Ia'4 C00FUiG J- . 'ffiSSB-V'Cr---" A 111 l raaji RUB inkFASRINAUNG HAIRNo matter whefher the thermometerregisters 105 above or 25 below zero,Amalgamated Arc Roofingcan't be affected a particle.No matter tho curves or valleys ofyour roui yea nzca no tin to coverthem, tor Ainaiga ::a:ccl ARC ROOFINGis very pliable. It iz the Perfect Roofing,and the insurance rate b no nicrher thanvhen slate cr mctnl is used.nightWe nuthorize our ogentT to refund tlve moneyif our Hoofing is tot pertectly satisfactory., AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO.Ckic23Q, IllinoisI Said by Millersburg Coal andLumbre Co.,JMillersburgr, Ky.Easy to Have, NaturalXlored and Beautifule3o many yeomen have grey or faded3ir: neglect it until it becomes thin.dry and lifeless, begins to fall out and ',makes them appear much older thanTley really are. "If your hair is iniis condition get a bottle of Hay'Hair Health today. Don't wait unksome one spys how much older youlock. You'll be delighted at theresults from even one or two applica-.tions. The grey hairs gradually di'apnear and ycur hair will become ful 'iof life and vitality. No one can tell i:aval you l.tq a. ins it. It's not a d.ytnut a mV's clen preparation thr"'."l ly and effectively kepps your greyu'ir ilHrir. p!c--ry and natural coloredmmI -it all cirup'tfsls suaranteo sat--rauorynr refund vm"- mnev. 41-'iv-snKj fr.,. iiay's PI air Health, 'itFYe: Sin th) adv. nwl take it to thefollowing drnejri-ts vpfl zt a 50c. bottle of TTay'r Hnir Ht--ilM and a 23c.cake of Harlira Sotv. ror .r0c; or $1 00bottle of Hnv's Haij -toulth and two25c. c ikes of Harfina .. p Pree,for 1,L. OBERDORFER, Druggist,Pari. Ky.-iffmfmmmmmmmimmmmvmmmmmmgm n iw im - . -,.Ililtlii . iwi minimum ' i i u mi" t u , i, , i '- m -i jmbwi"tti TPTirT v TrnwuiMiwTr t?(BX . i; ?&&' - &mmA Famous Scene from Wm. A Brady's Great Production of Louisa Alcott's "LittleWomen," Paris Grand, Matinee and Night, Wednesday, October S,1h 'K .8-P -14NJTftE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCTOBBER 7, 1913.-aSkin Sufferers-Read!Vo "want all skin sufferers .-who havesuffered for many years the tortures ofdisease and who have sought medical aidIn vain, to read this.TVe, as old established druggists ofthis community, wish to recommend toyou a product that has given many relief ' and may mean the end of youragony. The product is a mild, simplewash, not a patent medicine concocted ofvarious worthless drugs, but a scientificcompound made of well known antisepticIngredients. It is made in the D.I.p.laboratories of Chicago and is called the' D.D.D. Prescription lor Eczema.This is a doctor's special prescription-one that has effected manyjwonderfultsureo.C. E. BUTLER & CO.IFRESHon IceString BeansFresh Tomatoes Sweet PeasEvergreen CornPeaches CucumbersAll Fresh and NiceBoiled and Minced HamI Keller Grocery CompanyAVNNiN8yViSSBSBBJ59aTo Bicycle Owners:Is Your Bicycle Sick ?If so, bring it to J, ELVOVE, and he willcure it at a very small cost and will guaranteehis work to give satisfaction or no pay. Wehave engaged an expert mechanic to do thiswork. We carry a full line of all 'kinds ofRepairsand Supplies.Bicycles to suit your pocket book.J. ELVOVE,Paris, KentmclcyOur Call Home Phone 360mM. A. CAHAL.Barber Shop-First-Class Workmen.Polite and Prompt Attentionto All.Hot and Cold BathsWe Thank You For a Share ofYour Patronage.the Lamv Oil thatSaves EyesIT 'insr Ss more important in thehorrr msin clear, steady light. Iusurethis by ccUirii; the oil that burnsclear h clean without a flickerdown to the Isv-t drop. Pennsylvaniac:d oil relincd to perfection.fxts no Tnn-o than the inferiorJ"nkvracon oils saves MONEY savesWORK cjvvcs eve.Your dealer ha SOLITE OIL inbiriels direct from our works.Chas. G. Stoli Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.VTe sell the celebrated "No Carb"Auto OILper 11 IIS!cent. $mw to $iw,owW. KING & SON,t25' Cheapslde. Llnetonf KyThe effect of D. D. D. is to soothe instantly, as soon as applied; then it penetrates the pores, destroys and throwsoff all disease germs and leaves theskin clean .and healthy."We are so confident of the marvelouspower of D. D. D. that we have takenadvantage of the manufacturers guarantee, to offer you a full-size bottle ontrial. Tou are to judge the merits ofthe remedy in your own particular case.If it doesn't help you, it costs younothing.D. D. D. Soap is made of the samehealing ingredients.. Ask us about itrCantaloupesCquashjS3l8oCANCER CURED SiJ I guarantee every case ! tin- 9dertake; 20 years practice; ref- $erence, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.-GUCK FREEMANFirst- Class Barber Shop.! Three Expert Artists; NoWaits.Hot and ColdBaths.. Main mt. - Opp. Court House' Try Buck's Coal Oil Shampoo.When yoa feelsp.vous, tired, worried or despondent it is asure sign you need MOTTS NERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMott's Nerverkie Pills gSiSWILLIAMS MFG. CO.. Prop., Cleveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky...A MARVELOUS ESCAPE"My little boy had a marvelouz escape," writes P. F. Bastiams, ofPrince Albert, Cape of Good Hope."It occurred in the middle of thenight. He got a very severe attackof croup. As luck would have it Ihad a large bottle of Chamberlain'sCough Remedy in the house. Afterfollowing the directions for an hourand twenty minutes he was throughall danger." Sold by all dealers.(adv) (Oct)Commercial Agent Erwin W.Thompson writes that the Copra andPal,m Oil Company, Ltd., has beenformed at Bishopsgate, London, England, with $300,000 capital, for thepurpose of planting coco plams, soyabeans and other oil-bearing plants,and working the. products therefrom.THEY MAKE YOU FEEL GOODThe pleasant purgative effect produced by Chamberlain's Tablets andthe healthy condition of body andmind which they create make one feeljoyful. For sale by all dealers.(adv) (Oct)UNLUCKY THIRTEEN HADITS ORIGIN IN HOLyJwRIT.(Chicago Tribune.)What is the foundation of the"thirteen" superstition? Why is itnow that we are fully startler in theyear 1913 that the superstitions arebecoming more and more weighteddown with the burden of their inexplicable fears? For they are unexplainable no one can tell you justwhythey are are in such dread of thenumeber if you press them for a reason. Neither is it in English-speakingcountries alone that the date is a fateful one. You can trace it in France,where the minister postpones the publication of the names of a new Cabinet, that the list may not appear onthe thirteenth of he month.You meet with it in Germany, too,where even Bismack would rathersacrifice a dinner tfian make one ofthirteen at a table. Again you cancome across the same superstition ofterror in Switzerland, in Italy and inthe Scandinavian countries. You findit on the stock change and even ingay, cynical Paris it creeps out whena holiday starts on the thirteenth andhalf the people stay shamefacedly athome.An English expert along statisticallines has recently compiled some valuable information on this queer butinteresting subject. The superstitiontraced back to antiquity, is thoughtto have its foundation in all Scandinavian countries. Their " ancientgods and goddesses apparentlyloathed the number, but back of thatnone can go.As for the reasoii in England twoexplanations are offered, though probably no one person in a thousand whocherishes the delusion can really tellthem. One authority ascribes thewhole tradition to the ill luck thoughtto be associated from the fact thatthirteen sat down to the Last Supper.But why any blighting or perniciousinfluence should result in mankindfrom the solemn gathering no man orwoman of any sane mind has everbeen able to say. Though there arescholars who explain the terror bypointing out that since Judas, whowas the first to quit the table, hangedhimself, the superstition has comedown through ages since then.But there is another and more definite reason for its origin, which wasonly reached after a long and laborious search on the part of a numberof leared men. "The superstition"they say, "that where a company ofpersons amounts to thirteen one ofthem will die within the twelvemonth afterward seems to be founded on the calculations adhered to bythe insurance offices, which presumethat out of thirteen persons takenindiscriminately one will die withinthe year.So, apparently, the superstitioncomes from a ridiculous educationfrom biblical history or from thechance calculations of some forgotten insurance man's computation,whose theory probably would be upset in five minutes' by modern authority upon life averages of healthyindividuals.Browning in 1880, wrote to the inland revenue officials that lie received practically no profits from literature, as his work was "unprofitableand unsalable." But only the otherday the manuscripts of his letterssold for $32,000.CHRONIC DYSPEPSIAThe following unsolicited testimonial should certainly be sufficient togive hope and courage to persons afflicted with chronic dyspepsia: "Ihave been a chronicm dyspeptic foryears, and of all the medicine I havetaken, Chamberlain's Tablets havedone me more good than anythingelse," says W. G. Mattison, No. 7Sherman street, Hornellsville, N. Y.For sale by all dealers. (adv)(Oct.)By means of machinery to vibratethe surface of freshly laid concretepavements, crushed granite is forcedinto them to strengthen them. Thedevice is the invention of a Texan.VERY LOW RATESTO THE WEST.The Missouri Pacific is offeringvery low rates to California, Idaho,Nevada, Utah, Western Clorado, NewMexico, Western Texas, Arizona, Oregon and Washington. Tickets soldSeptember 25th to October 10th, inclusive. For CQmplete informationregarding rates, through free chairand sleeping car service, address J.A. Steltemkamp, G. A. P. D., 204Traction Building, Cincinnati, O.Probably the most practical result ofthe ill-fated Scott expedition to theSouth pole was thu discovery of agreat coal field, said to be at least650 miles long. Its width has notbeen ascertained.NERVOUS TROUBLESKILL AMBITIONTona Vita Brings it Back to Wornout, Half-Sick People.One of the principal symptoms ofnervous troubles is a feeling of discouragement. A man or woman suffering withnerve exhaustion feels so worn outand miserable most of the time thatthey' become hopeless and depressed.Life doesn't seem to be worth lining. Tona Vita has been pronounced byphysicians to be the jnost reliable andsuccessful tonic and nerve food eversold to the public. It is building upmany thousands of run-down, nervousmen and women and restoring themto health and happiness.If you are a sufferer from nervousbreakdown, try this great tonic, andas you feel your health, strength andambition return, you will be changedin mind as well as body. Life willseem like a different thing to you ina,fewweeks time.Tona' Vita is sold by Chas. E. Butler & Co. (adv)(Oct 3-7)'JT vasiBins BfwA Bigger Stock, A Better Stom -A Little Show Will Convince You that We Are Right GeT' theSAFETY LI GHTThe new process in the Visible Gas Rangewith Broiler Pan and Dirt Pan, White EnamelediFinish. All Doors White Enamel.Let Us Show You One of Our. 6-Room Heatersand Can be Run Much Cheaper Than One Grate8 and is Guaranteed to Heat 6 Rooms.We Can Save You, Workand Moneyggl All Ranges, and HeaterdiiMWf willThisA. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.S Main Street"SYRUP OF FIGS" FOR. CONSTIPATED CHILD.Delicious "Fruit Laxative" Can't HarmStomach, Liver and Bowels.Every mother realizes, after givingher children "California Syrup ofFigs" that this is their ideal laxative,because they love its pleasant tasteand it thoroughly cleanses the tenderlittle stomach, liver and bowels without griping.When cross, irritable, feverish, orbreath is bad, stomach sour, look atthe tongue, mother! If coated, give ateaspoonful of this harmless "fruitlaxative," and in a few hours all thefoul, constipated waste, sour bile andundigested food passes out of thebowels, and you have a well, playfulchild again. When its little system isfull of cold, throat sore, has stomachache, diarrhoea, indigestion, colic,remember, a good"inside cleaning"should always be the first treatmentgiven.Millions of mothers keep "California Syrup of Figs" handy; they knowtoday saves a sick child tomorrow.Ask your druggist for a fifty-cent bottle of "California Syrup of Figs,"which has directions for babies, children of all ages and grown-ups printed on- the bottle. Beware of. counterfeits sold here, so don't be fooled.Get the genuine, made by the "California Fig Syrup Company." (adv)Consul B. M. Rasmusen, of Bergen,Norway, reports that the contract forinstalling a new telephone exchangein the city of Bergin was awardedon March 18 to the Western Electric Company, of New York, for $201,000. In 1881 there were nearly 200,000more males than females in Australia. Returns thiny years latershow that the excess of males hasdiminshed to 187,000, on an aggregate population nearly twice as great.Thousands of tons of licorice root,an article 'that by the natives generally is seemed a pest and worsethan worthless, are annually gatheredin Turkey for exportation to Americafor use in the manufacture of chewing and smoking tobacco as well asfor flavoring confectionery and beer.The principal collecting stations areBagdad, Alexandretta and Smyrna, atwhich places the exporters maintainoffices, hydrulic presses and warehouses. The business is largely con-J trolled by an American concern.Fall OpeningOFGas and CoaHeaters and Rangesi-;In Our Showing of Gas Ranges lasffiiHeaters, We Lead Them AllLet Us Show You.Are Made and Constructed ofWellsville PolishedSteeleSmall Heater is Porcelain, Enamel and .NmltW Trin-J. ,XLet Us Show You. All Stoves Connected up FREE readyfor Use. y 5Chas. Green, Mg'r.FALLS FORTY FEET ANDONLY BREAKS AN ANKLE.D. E. Workman, a prominent Bracken county citizen, accidentally walkedthrough a open window in the thirdstory of the Commercial Hotel in Cynthiana, and fell about forty feet tothe railroad track which runs alongthe side of the building. He escapedwith a broken ankle and a few severebruises.Mr. Workman had been in Lexington with his nephew, Charles Hughes,who was married in that city to ayoung Bracken county woman. Theyreturned to Cynthiana a few hoursprior to the accidenc. Mr. Workmanwas taken to his home in an-automcKbile.The Illinois State Labor j Bureaulast year furnished jobs for 70,000 persons. ECZEMA AND ITCHING CUREDThe soothing, healing medication inDr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment penetrates every tiny pore of the skin,clears it of all impurities stops itching instantly. Dr. Hobson's- EczemaOintment is guaranteed to speedilyheal eczema, rashes, ringworm, tetter and other unsightly eruptions.Eczema Ointment "is a do.ctor!s prescription, not an experiment. -Alldruggists or by mail. 50cr 'PferfferChemical Co., Philadelphia and . St,Louis. -' ' (adv(Oct)BEWARE OF OINTMENTS FOR CATARRH THAT CONTAIN MER- CURY.As mercury will surely destroy thesense of smell and completely derange the whole system when entering it through the mucous surfaces:Such articles should never pe usedjexcept on prescriptions from reputablephysicians, as the damage they willdo is tenfold to the good you can possibly derive from them. Hall's Catarrh Cure, manufactured by F. J.Cheney & Co., Toleao, O., contains nomercury and is taken internally, acting directly upon the blood and mucous surfaces of the system. In buying Hall's Catarrh Cure be sure youget the genuine. It is taken internally and made in Toledo, Ohio, 6y F.F. J. Cheney & Co. Testimonialsfree.Sold by druggists. Price 75c. perbottle.Take Hall's Family Pills, for constipation, (adv.(Oct); ..'.,, ..;.. iStoves,g "' ':Jvl i IhWW fill it,i I Jill 1 II "8 fUi IIISL.Opp. Court HouseHlfltmiMM MMPRANKS PLAYED ONTHE GERMAN ARMY.If Herr August Wolter is reallymad there is at least a deliciousmethod in his madness, for he hassucceeded in hoaxing the whole garrison of Strausburg and the Kaiser'sson into the bargain. Since the spacious days of Kopenkick, Germanycivilian Germany has not laughed somuch, says the London "Express.Since those days the ordinary manwould have supposed it an impossiblefeat to play a great practical jokeon the German army. But Herr August Dolter is ejd&mtly no ordinaryman, mad or-sane. He has the directdaring and the ingenious resource ofthe great impresario. His methodwas simplicity itself. First of allrhow? he got hold of the EmperoVssecret, telegraphic code. Then liesent a message to the commander' of"the Strasburg garrison ordering a, parade of the entire force for inspection by the Emeror, who was toarrive "at 4 o'clock. Punctually andobediently the Praetorian guard turned out, royal Prince and all, while -Wolter,with the malice of the truejesteT.-stotfdin "the "expectant crowd.No one had considered any prec&uion so tr'ival and mundane as confirmation of the Kaiser's telegraphicorders.-. Nq. one- suspected a hoaxun-til the Emperor who was, oddlyenough", 'known to be at Koeniesbef er..leagues ajvay J?ut in no appearance.At last? the -truth dawned on therobtxiser the Tparajde was dismissed, and-Wolter, . detected, was thrown intoprison. "Capi." Kowpenick made theworld laugh. Herr Wolter makesfitroar. But German officialdom roarsTouder in its outraged dignity, for "theTatest hoax is positive 4ese-majete.the Kaiser's name" is the commandment-stampedon the hearts of thewhole' bureaucracy- of Germanv. and,this supposed lunatic has done it inuiuci lu jjiuve uiau ne is saner man.many other people, it is all verytdelicious. But it has its moral, fop itemphasizes thej)erils of the castiron machine which stifles thoughtand independence. v " &D. N. -Welter, of Sharon, Pa., is thefather of tripletts and two sets of"twins in a family of twelve born ineight' -years.There is a growing solidarity "among women wage-earners in Fraoeand there is every reason to. 1mvithat the average wages paidwfll .bmaterially increased during 1913.J'FfgtK'III'XU I111H fTHE BOURBON rNEwCPARIS KENTUCKY, OCTOB1Paris Grand,IVfatinee and NightWednesday, Oct. SWW WW WWW'The Success of the Century! Wm, A. Brady's. Complete Production of Louisa M.Alcott's Famous StoryTREASURED IN A 6 ITTI F WOMFIM"MILLION MEMORIES j Li I LL TYVIVILIllMeg, Jo, Beth and Amy Brought to Life on the StageWWW WW wMillions Have Read and Enjoyed the BookMillions More are Enjoying the PlayOn this occasion the Public Schools will dismiss at 2:45 p. m.to enable the schollars to attend. Matinee curtain 3 p. m.PricesMatinee, 35c, 50c, $1.00; Night, 50c to $1.50wwww9wvwwwwV3wtwwv9wvwwwwvewwww9wwwwvv!m99999999M99999999m99999999999999lWwmW9W 9 mW99m9G mmm9999999&iUse Certified CheekCoffeeThe Coffee with a pleasing aroma.Try it to-day. Use it always, frorsale by all -grocers. Save thecoupons.w1a'W W WWW WW10ftf $-TWO NiOiSaturday Matinee1 C034- Pari Grand - Friday and Saturday, 061 10, IIReturn Engagement.3 improved and PerfectedEDIS0N TALKING PICTURESYou See the Actors andHear their Voices as Jin Real LifeDrama, Opera, Vavdeville, Comedy, FarceSeats on Sale at Materiel? & Blakenraore's-Night, 25c, 35c and 50c. Matinee, Children 25c; Adults 35.QggQ?ffittwwwwfftftwftftwwftwfttTQaQq?:OF MILLERThe City Council in regular meeting Vrednesday night ordered a chemdcal fire engine. This puts our voluntary fire department in most excellent-condition, and places Millersburg farT&eyond any little city of its size. Them&w steam engine which was ordered. few weeks ago is expected to arriveait any time, and when the chemicalengine arrives this will give vl twosteam engines, a chemical -engine, a.ladfler wagon and a sufficient amountof hose. The new fire cistern is aboutcompleted. It is 30 feet in length, 10-feet in width and 10 feet deep, andwill be never-failing.inasmuch as it isto be supplied from the never-failingcistern at the Peed & McClintocklam, and when the connections are-m&de the water can be pumped intoit at the same time it is beingjumped up. With the new chemicalsngiae we will be prepared to copeTvitfc almost any fire that is likely tooccur.Mr. Leslie Bryan has resigned his1position as local manager of the Central Home Telephone Co., to take effect Oct. 10. Mr. Bryan has been conelected with the office for several-months, and has given general satisfaction, while Mrs. Bryan has held theposition as night operator. Theyhave made friends here during theirsojourn who regret their departure.They will go to Lexington, where theywir make their future home.son, on Fourth and Vimont streets,which was advertised for sale on lastSaturday, was sold privately in addvance of the time to Dick White, colorde, for $800. The home of Mr.Leonard Downing, in Judyville, whichwas advertised for sale at the sametime, was bid to $1,500, and takendown. The vacant lots adjoining itwere sold to Mr. D. E. Clarke.The remains of Mrs. Martha McClelland who died at her home in Paris Friday, were intered in the Millersburg cemetery Sunday afternoonafter a short service at the grave conducted by Rev. C. C. Fisher, of the M.F. C. The greater portion of her lifehad been spent in this community,and a large crowd was present to paythe last sad tribute to her memory.She was the widow of the late JosephMcCleland, who died about twentyyears ago, and is survived by one son,Mr. Joseph McClelland, Jr., of Cincinnati. Two sons have preceded her tothe grave. She was a lifelong member of the Baptist church and formany years was an active worker inall its interests. She was one of themost lovable characters that ever resided in this community.TWO ADMINISTRATODS NAMEDBY THE COUNTY COURT.-The property of Mrs. Bessie John- surety.Mrs. Nancy J. Walden was yester-day appointed administratrix of the 'estate of Jos. H. Walden, by JudgeDenis Dundon, in tiie county court,with J. A. McConnaughay as suretyand A. C. Rowland was named as exI ecutor of Mrs. Fannie J. Rowland. Hequalified with John N. Shropshire asTWO INJURED WHEN CYCLECOLLIDES WITH AUTOMOBILEKeller Farmer, a telegraph operator on the Louisville and Nashvillerailroad and C. B. Cook were injuredthe former perhaps seriously in an accident which occurred on the Winchester pike Saturday afternoon.Farmer and Cook were riding the machine which collided with an automobile driven by Mr. Harry Clay.The accident occurred about onehalf mile from the city. Cook wasdriving the motorcycle and in turningto the side of the road to allow anautomobile to pass, the couple failedto note the approach of Mr. Clay fromthe rear, as the approach of the machine was obscured by the dust.The car driven by Mr. Clay struckthe motorcycle, throwing the ridersto the ground and passing entirelyover them. Mr. Clay ran some distance before his car could be broughtto a stop and backing up succeededin disengaging the two men from thewreck of the motorcycle. They wereplaced in the car and brought to thiscity where they were given every attention. Farmer was badly hurt about thelimbs, suffering a severe wrench tothe right member and was badly cutabout the body. He is at his home onScott avenue and it is probable hewill be confined to his bed for severalweeks. Cook escaped with a fewslight bruises. While the accidentwas very unfortunate, no blame is attached to Mr. Clay.Come to Charley Munsonfor your goods and saveyour money. New line offall goods. Best goods forthe least money. Locatedsouth side of court house,rear Agricultural Bank. 3-3tWOMEN MUST REGISTERTO VOTE IN SCHOOL ELECTIONFor the first time in Bourbon county women will be allowed to registertoday, so that they may have theprivilege of voting in any school election during the year. Paris, being acity of the fourth class, ha s twomembers from each ward on theSchool Board, elected by the city atlarge for four years. These membersare to be elected this November, andno women may vote in that electionor any other unless they register today. County Clerk Pearce Paton has announced that separate registrationbooks will be furnished for women,and their registration will take placeat the regular voting places in theseveral precincts., the polls beingopen from 6 a. m., to 9 p. m.The School Improvement League,which has done excellent work in thecounty for several years, had literature on the subject distributed yesterday, and its members hope allwomen who are interested in theschools will remember to register.ADVANCErztiz-ofBO"" ""1SVIZ"-iiQTHEATRCALEvans' Minstrels at Lexington.The coming of "Honey Boy" Evansto the Lexington Opera House forthree nights and Wednesday matinee,commencing last night, recalls the inaugural appearance of this favoritelittle monologist at the head of thefirst "Honey Boy" minstrels, underthe direction of Cohan and Harris.Evans was the featured star of thatbig assemblage of stars, but he did notbecome sole owner and proprietor until the middle of the second year ofthe Cohan and Harris tour; it was inFebruary, 1910, that Evans boughtout Cohan and Harris and assumedhis managerial dignity. George Evanswas for years a minstrel enthusiast.He was one of the original Reed andCollier minstrels at the Bush strretTheatre, San Francisco. He was aballad sjiger also in Haverly's bigMastodon troupe. So it may be seenthat he had "been to school" in minstrelsy long before the Cohan andHarris venture. This year, the sixthof the "Ilcnoy Boy" Minstrels, findsGeorge Evans as enthusiastic aboutthe possibilities of America's timehonored entertainment as he hasever been, and he contends that minstrelsy is really only in its infancy,and that the public is as eager nowas ever to applaud its strides. Seatsare now on sale. (adv)The Edison Talking Pictures.The first view of the Kinetophone,the genuine Edison Talking Pictures,will be given at the Paris Grand Oct.10 and 11, where the apparently imposible will be achieved, the audiencehearing and also seeing a musicalperformance, a minstrel show, andgeting an ' explanation. It seems beyond .belief, but the beginning is onlyin sight. We are making historyevery day, and the Kinetophone willgive future generations the completestory in every detail. The EdisonTalking Pictures are all that they areheralded to be, the synchronization isperfect, the voices clear and distinct.and have created an unlimited amountof talk where shown. (adv)NEW FALL FOOTWEARTo-morrow, Saturday, We OfferYou Brand New Fall ShoesThe Result of Our Expert Purchasing Power, at PricesLess Than Factory Cost.TOOTWEAR Or QUALITYTor Men, Women and Children daily added to our immense stockof Pall Footwear. Shoes that are the product of master Shoemakers only, and bought by expert buyers assures you of Fashionable and Economical Shoes for Fall. Come in to-morrow andsee what the correct dresser will wear this Fall.See the New Styles of theFamous Walk-Over and BeaconShoes For Men.Satisfaction Guaranteed3sr con"Bought and Paid For" Coming."Bought and Paid For," a tremendous success last season, will be theattraction at the Paris Grand at a future date. (adv)"Little Women" at The Grand.COUNTY EDUCATIONALSOARD ELECTS TRUSTEES.At a meetincr of thp Pnnrhnn nBoard of Education, held in the oor the County Superintendent, xfcividufcu itoDDins, Saturday morning, mfollowing trustees were chosen:Educational Division No. 1, Safeiivision No. 4 John Leach.Division No. 2, Subdivision No. 1T. B. Brannock.Division No. 2, Subdivision No. 2W. B. Riser.Division No. 3, Subdivision No. 2C. T. Adair.Division No. 3, Subdivision No. 6Ed Waggoner.Division No. ,4, Subdivision No. 2Reynolds Letton.Division No. 5, Subdivision No. 2J. N. Mason.Division No. 5, Subdivision N. frJames Liter.Division, No. 6, Subdivision N. 3W. E. Stillwell.Division No. 6, Subdivision No. 3Joe Jacoby.Division No. 6, Subdivision No. 5F. P. White.The Board adopted a resolutionthat no account made against theBoard of Education should be paidwithout an arder of the Board.HILL APPOINTED DEPUTYFOR STATE-AT-LARGE.Geo. M. Hill, of this city, has beexappointed Deputy Game Warden forthe State-at-Large, by ExecutiveAgent J. Q. Ward. Will Rankin, ofParis has been appointed by MrWard as oca Game Warden.COLUMBIA THEATRE TO-DAY."The house of Bondage" in threeparts. A drama of Puritan days.Mr. Reed will sing "My Litle Persian Rose."1 wb9 UJ ?3 Tiff I"FT! "N" IWilliam A. Brady's production of"Little Women", a dramatization ofLouisa M. Alcott's immortal story,will be presented at the Paris Grand,Wednesday, Oct. 8, matinee andnight, just as it ran for a solid yearat the Playhouse, New York."Little Women," as it is picturedby Miss Aicott in her book of thatname, is in truth the story of the fourAicott girls, the daughters of AmosBronson Aicott. Brought ud in thp.atmosphere of "plain living and hightnmKing'witli Emerson, Thoreauand Hawthorne as neighbors andfamily friends, what wonder that thereader of today is startled by the modern spirit which Miss Aicott, the Jo ofthe story, has put in her little book?It has taken years to get the Aicottheirs to consent to having "LittleWoman" put on the stage, but the argument which finally prevailed wasthat the play would actually reproduce the book, and that Miss Aicott,herslf, with her keen love for thestage and her delight in playwriting,would have been the first to welcomeher story in stage form.Ever since William A. Bradv announced his forthcoming productionof "Little Women," his office has beendeluged with letters both of inquiryand suggestion. "Please make Jomarry Laurie" is on of the favorites,which recalls to those familiar withLouisa M. Alcott's charming "Life andLetters," one characteristic entry inher journal: "I don't care; I will notlet Jo marry Laurie, no matter whatpeople say." Another is: "Pleasedon't let Beth die for I like her bestof all." All of which goes to showhow thoroughly the story has beenabsorbed and enjoyed.The city school will dismiss at 2:45so that the scholars can attend thematinee. Curtian at 3:00.Edison Talking Pictures at ParisGrand Friday and Saturday, October1Cth and 11th; Saturday matinee.9I COLUMBIA!PHONOGRAPH;9And Full Line ofChoice . RecordsI $I5 to $500 1ISee Display.Tl'e St. Louis club women haveopened a large clubhouse at 4600 Lindell boulevard with a large cafe andtwo private dining rooms as features.NATIONAL 55c and 10cStore .Oct 3 tftHctttMnimmmumKv;,V flS!.asjt-;.i-J-