V- ..V5. ,' - -THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVi'EY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN" THE YEAR- Ki.w1 ri&w T i.- . vi, --EP .j... - .' wJWV .. ", SK-,X --V-f"VOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JULY 22, 1913.UARTER MILLION LOSSraSfifr-iTaftA.T&jtf--1wiltky) P3 xdmflvev v-Biing Us YourWatch WorkWe are EfficientWe are Prompt iTry us. ; , ' .:r?iWINDINSURANCE jFire and.tnowL.Lightninl12 Big CompaniestWOWrought By Cyclone WhichSwept Over Bourbon CountySaturday Morning.MANY HOUSES IN CITYUnroofed By Terrific Gale, whileLoss in County will Reach -?Appalling Figures.Ii j,. HMO$f22f3FSSEHs?ik'We are Determined ioeli Tlii Season'sCHull?&rvs: fe - Eili v fcri.ay mm m- ,. . wa Hie TOiiOVtmg U-SSl' rft E K 5 ft im $25.00 Suits nowmm?tsa3t3$16.50 SBsssgg22,50 Suits now ,. . . 14.50 fmmi8pWksp20.00 Suits now . i . 13.50 IS3C!&.s15.00 Suits now . . . 10.00 ft-rj.- a B. v . If.V"'10 r c? r. t j u:n ??io.uu ouus now . . . iu.ju $mL&. --t'iNow is the time to get well made Suits of all wool ma- &&A5g4 . tenai at less man otners asK. ior lnierior niae.s; .i-r-iw ?irs r t inp.nair irice fcm ...... gfc.-r-ft4Tir,7Boys' $5.00 Knee Pant Suits for $3.00.mmMPR16E & go. Giotmer4 $&Sand Furnishers?iSiyig?iwPiKMHRTX3mnKTi.imez'w:''rDamage estimated at a quarter million dollars resulted, from a cyclonewhich swept over Paris and Bourboncounty Saturday morning. A numberof houses in the business district ofthe city were unroofed by the forceof the high wind and masses of debrishurled through the buildings and intothe streets imperiling the lives ofhundreds of people.Panics ensued in many stores andbusiness houses where scores of persons ha,d taken refuge from the highwind and but fortunately" cooler headsprevented any injury to excited persons. Only two casualities were reported. Frank Ralls? a negro cook employed on the farm of James Caldwell,near this city, was badly burned whena temporary lutchen in which he waspreparing dinner for a threshing crew,was blown over. He sustained injuries to his right arm and was also badlyburned about the head and face. Hewas takn to Millersburg, where his injuries were dressed and was able tocome to Paris Saturday afternoon.Willis Fite, a tenant on the farm ofBaldwin Bros., near Paris, was struckby lightning, but not seriously injured.He was at his home when the bolt oflightning was conducted to his housestriking Fite on the right shoulderand knocking him down. His clothingand shoes were -torn from his body andhe suffered a few burns. He soon revived and is now able to be outThe elemental disturbance camewithout any notice of its approach being given. There was no indication ofa storm until a dark cloud appearedon the' Southwest horizen and grewsteadily darker. The most disconcerted feature of the storm was thedarkness. Jt was almost ae black asmidnight, the abrupt change comingupon a morning of Ainusual brightness.The threatening elements sent thehundreds of people on the streets intoplaces of shelter, many of them running from fright, while others thoughtonly of evading -the downpour of rainwhich seemed imminent.In less than five minutes' after thecloud appeared, coming from the'Southwest, the earth was overcast witha darkness that was never before witnessed at a time so near mid-day.The wind was blowing a terrible galeand the temperature began to decline,dropping about fifteen degrees in as ima'ny minutes. When the storm wasat its height the electric service failed and the entire city was plungedinto darkness. This added to the discomfort of the inhabitants who feareda repetition of the disastrous storm of1889.The storm continued with unabatedfury 'for half an hour and during theperiod a heavy pall which resembledsmoke or fog overhung the city. Thegale struck the city with a fury thatthreatened the destruction of a largeportion of the business section and theresidence districts in its path. Indicated by the destruction wrought, themost dangerous portion of the twisterstruck the city about eighth street andcovered an area of several squares toEast Paris.Many persons residing in the Southend of the city and in the more elevated sections are able to give agraphic description of the cyclone. Anumber watched its approach littlerealizing the danger they faced. It issajJ by a numer of those who venr.red to view thr approach that thecyclone resembled an immense Duint'lextending from the black clouds an'ial times almost reaching the earth.The gal2 Tas accompanied by rain?nd hail, iv in some section or thecounty hoii stones larger than marDies fell ilpsi.ro ing tobacco crops,wh.le corn was leveled with the j,rouru?by the witvl The down-pour in thiscty lasted ior half an hour and wbsrhe heaviest iejii that has faiieu inthis city in years'.Paris was nraeticallv cut off from! the outside world for a time, owint;' to the destruction of both telephoneand elegraph wires. Only one wire ofthe Western Union Telegraph Co. leading from this city was intact, whilethe Postal Telegaph Co.' was withoutmeans of communication. Long distance telephone lines were put out ofcommission anal it was some time before long distance communicationcould be established.Traffic over the interurban line toLexington ceased when the heavywind destroyed the poles and trollywires. Trees were Diown across tnetracks and 'poles were snapped off atj the ground and blown across the road.The path of the storm was aboutI eight miles wide and in its wake itleft nothing but destruction. It extended from a point est of the Greenwich pike on the Lexington road to apoint about four miles west of Pans.The lower end of the county sfferedbut little as a result of the gale.Great damage was suffered by themershants of this city whose places ofbusiness were unroofed by the heavywind, and the stores, were drenchedwith the down-pour that followed, entiling a heavy loss ts stocks- of goodsand business property.In some stores where a large number of clerks were employed -great"excitement reigned and many narrowGscapes are ' reported. All" of the(Continued on PjigeTSight)'v..vlft'S' "WE KNOW HQW"If You Have$10 to SpendJust come to this store and invest-it in oneof these two-piece Summer Suits which we areselling for a "Ten-Spot."If you want to see real values just glanceat our windows and you will be convinced thatwe can give you a better suit than can.be purchased at any other store Jin town for a greatdeal more money. - .These suits are all well made and trimmed. Coats are 1-2 lined with light-weightalpaca. Trousers either plain or cuff bottoms, belt strap, medium peg top or regularshape. Sizes to fit anyone.f 'Stetson Shoes andStetson HatsManhattan Shirts inbright&nappySpring styles8IMitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to fVfenParis, KentuckymmIgiKiininiiiiiiiirinmiuniiniHiiiiiiiiiiiiiiininniiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiHuiinuiiiiiiniiiiJMiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiniwS2v av,2' 5ss.4fFRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.i?.-PIa5aWe are Open for Business as Usual in Our MainBuilding.3?&! EOwing to the damage to our Ready 'toWear Department we will be forced to closeout our entire stock ofReady-to- Wear Garmentsand all Damaged. . . Dry GoodsWatch for announcement of sale. (ySS EFRANK Sl CO9griimiiiiiiiii.iii.iirmjmujBiiiMiimiiiiinU'irMMiiilimi nilillliJHilWJiiiiMiMMJiijiliiiiiiliiiNiHiiwwiiiiMiH)iiiiHMmmmmmmwmmwMmmMmriv:a,-vu.un' ...i mmmimmmfmrmfmrmTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 22 1913K,i -f. ftr"1!lMjAOfioes viai sippeaito Sveru Woman; - .M.New models and exclusive patterns areshown at all times in our display of Women'sFootwear. Every pair of these Shoes alsoshow elegance of finish and grace in each particular line. We can give you fitting qualities'in Shoes which cannot be excelled, and as toservice, it need only be said that our Shoes aremade by the best Shoe makers in the world.We can give them to you in widths as narrowas AA.We invite your inspection.Geo. Mc Williams,LPhones 3013&&d&$ii3BourbonDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetBourbonParis Kentucky.''''te'''!!r?5vGEO. W.SUNERAL DIRECTOR ANDBOTH'PHONES DATSTOMACH TROUBLEFOBiMajority of Friends Thought Mr.Hifhes Would Die, But .One Helped Him toRecovery.Pomeroyton, Ky. In interesting adV vkes from this place, Mr. A. J. Hugheswrites as follows : "I was down withitoaiach trouble for five (5) years, andwould have sick headache so bad, atfines, that I thought surely I would die.tried different treatments, but theydfcrf not seem to do me any good.I I got so bad, I could not eat or sleep,aad ill my friends, except one, thought Iiw& die. He advised me to try. TMKord's Black-Draught, and quit,"v .. -. MIThe Shoe ManJIyN.v.LaundryWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous for fine work and itdever goes buck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatee 'fvw41Laundry,nDAVISLICENSED EMB1LMER.187; NIGHT 299.FIVE YEARStaking other medicines. I decided totake his advice, although I did not haveany confidence in it. ,I have now been taking Black-Draughtfor three months, and it has cured mehaven't had those awful sick headachessince I began using it.I am so thankful for what BlackDraught has done for me."Thedford's Black-Draught has beenfound a very valuable medicine for derangements of the stomach and liver. Itis composed of pure, vegetable herbs,contains no dangerous ingredients, andacts gently, yet surely. It can be freelyused by young and old, and should beitkept in every family chest.Get a package today.Only a quarter., -$HE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 1881 30 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .$2.00 Six Months. .1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 centsper incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matt er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space . a newspaper's stock intrad foutcj of revenue.ANNOUNCEMENTS.The News is authorized to make'thefollowing announcements, subiect tothe action of the Democratic PrimaryAugust 2,"l913l """"For RepresentativeREUBEN HUTCHCRAFT.For State SenatorHON. J. WILL CLAYRUFUS HADDENFor Commonwealth's AttorneyVICTOR A. BRADLEYFor County ClerkPEARCE PATONJ. WALTER PAYNEFor Police JudgeR. S. PORTERL. GRINNANTHOS. J. HOLLIDAYE. B. JANUARYFor CoronerGEO. M. KISERRUDOLPH DAVISFor Mayor "'"J. T. HINTONJAS. M. O'BRIBN.For Police ChiefJ. C. ELGIN, Sr.W. F. LINKGEO. M. HILLBEN BISHOPGEO. W. JUDYFor JailerJOSEPH FARRISW. O. BUTLERFor CouncilmeDFirst WardWHITTINGTON MANN.GEO. D. SPEAKES.W. T. BROOKS.Second Ward.W. O. HINTON.BRUCE MILLER.W A. WALLEN.WM. KEN.NEY,Third WardJACK WOODS.For Assessor.R. M. GILKEY.L. B. Purnell, Deputy.JOHN S. WIGGINS.Wm. Lynch, Deputy.For County Judgec. a. McMillan.For County Attorney -GEO. BATTERTON.For Magistrate 'ERNEST MARTIN, ParisL. J. FRETWELL, ParisA. L. STEVENS ON,ClintonvilleR. O. TURNER, Ruddles Mills.For SheriffW.F. TALBOTT,W. G. McCLINTOCK, DeputyJ. O. MARSHALL, DeputyKentucky Fair Dates.The following are the dates fixedfor holding the Kentucky fairs in 1913as far as reported:Mt. Sterling, July 23 i days.Harrodsburg, July 29 i days.Madisonville, July 29 days.Uniontown, Aug. 5 5 days.Taylorsville, Aug. 5 i days.Tri-County Fair (Carroll, Gallatin,Owen), Saunders, Aug. 6 4 days.uanville, Aug. 6 3 days.Blue Grass Fair, Lexington, Aug. 116 days.Mt. Vernon, Aug. 63 days.Winchester, Aug. 6 i days.Berea, Aug. 73 days.Fern Creek (Buechel), Aug. 124days.Leitchfield, Aug. 12 3 days.Henderson, Aug. 125 days.Brodhead, Aug. 13 3 days.Perryville, Aug. 13 3 days.Vanceburg, Aug. 134 days.PARIS, AUG. 195 davs.Hardinsburg, Aug. 19 3 days.Lawrenceburg, Aug. 19 4 days.Shepherdsville, Aug. 19 i days.Erlanger, Aug. 20 1 days.Stanford, Aug. 203 days.Ewing, Aug. 21 3 days.Eminence, Aug. 21 3 days.Elizabethtown, Aug. 26 2 days.Shelbyville, Aug. 26 days.London, Aug. 26 1 days.Nicholasville, Aug. 26 3 days.Florence, Aug. 27 4 days.Germantown, Aug. 27 days.Alexandria, Sept. 2 5 days.Fulton, Sept. 2 5 days.Frankfort, Sept. 24 days.Somerset, Sept. 2 4 days.Bardstown, Sept. 3 1 days.Barboursville, Sept. 3 3 days.Tompkinsvilie. Sept. 3 4 days.Franklin, Sy 3 days.HodgenvhV. -j.. 9 3 days.Montfcello, Sr. 94 days. -Morganfown, Sept. 113 days.THIEVES NEVER QUITOnce Started Continued ThroughLife, Say Detectives.Sleuth Tells of Apple, Chevying Gum,Secret Packet and Dog CollarSchemes In Stores Loss FromThis Source Heavy.New York. Four Years ago LottieGross married. Her husband knewthat she had served a term in Moyamensing for shoplifting. But shepromised him and she meant itthat she would never steal again. Andthen the baby came. "I wanted pretty things for her," said Lottie. "Andso I went back to the old game. IfI couldn't quit for the best man inthe world I guess I never can quitStealing is like a disease except thatit can't be cured."That's about what the detectivesthink. Once a man or woman getswell started at stealing and he orshe is a thief for life."The big stores lose more by amateur shoplifters than by professionals," said D. J. Bolter, manager forthe criminal department of a detective agency. "A woman steals sometrifling thing, that catches her eyeand gets away with it. Then shecomes back and keeps on comingback. They never let up."Cotter takes the professional thiefcatcher's view of the defense of kleptomania. Now and then there, may bea kleptomaniac. Most "kleptomaniacsare just thieves. They get started tostealing and it's like rolling a snowball down hill the stealing grows."There was the woman we may callAnna Eva," he said. "She is one ofthe most dangerous professional storethieves and shoplifters there is adiffernce in the terms in the country.Her husband is a captain of a lakevessel. So is one of her sons. Theyhave a good home at Cleveland, wherethe daughter is married to a goodman. But Anna Eva began to stealShe has been a professional thief foryears, and now has a prison record."Mind you, she has no criminal associates. I do not suppose she knowsanother thief to speak to, though shemay know them by sight. She hasnothing to do with other crooks. Shejust steals. She travels most of thetime, living at good hotels. She is akindly, placid, pleasant woman of middle age and a professional, thief.Like all the others, she began as anamateur.""I don't know that there are anyparticularly new schemes againstwhich store managers should be onthe alert," said Cotter. "Every oneknows the old trick with a hunk ofchewing gum. The first thief sticks aring under the ledge of the counterwith the gum. Then the other comesalong and runs his hand under thecounter edge and gets the ring andvamooses. Open 'umbrellas are oftenused as receptacles.The neatest trick turned lately wasin the west, when a good looking, welldressed man sauntered into a jewelrystore with an apple in his hand. Helooked at a tray filled with valuablerings.'Vah!" he suddenly sputtered."This apple is wormy."Whereupon he threw the apple intothe street. The confederate, on thelookout, picked up the apple and thegem which had been hidden in it andmade off. An almost equally nifty device is to equip the collar of a petdog with a secret pocket. When thestolen ring has been placed in thepocket, while the operator is pettingthe animal, it leaps to the floor."Catch my dear little doggie," yelpsthe bereaved shoplifter.Every one hurries to oblige. Thedear little doggie fits its little tailinto the groove and scampers forhome, as it has been trained to do.The shoplifter profits by the factthat the managers of stores hesitateto prosecute. They believe that honest customers are inclined to -shunstores in which such arrests are trequently made, fearing that an entirely innocent action might lead to anunpleasant seizure and search. Butthe total loss by shoplifting and bystore thieves is so great that the National Retail Dry Goods associationwas recently formed for co-operationin protection.TAUGHT ROOSEVELT TO DANCEDancing Master Who Died at Eeighty-Eight Was -Also instructor toMany-Other Notables.New York. John H. Trenor, whodied at his home in New Rochelle atthe age of eighty-eight years, boasted that he had taught Theodore Roosevelt, William K. Vanderbill, ChaunceyM. Depew and James Gorden Bennetthow to dance. Trenor for many yearstaught members of New York societythe art of dancing and aceumulated alarge fortune. He claimed to havebuilt the first apartment house in NewYork, at the corner of Sixth avenueand Forty-eighth street.Women as Strikebreakers.Phoenix, Ariz. Three women operated street cars here as strikebreakers, despite the threats of the strikingrailway employes. After a struggle ofthree hours, however, the manipulation, brakes and other missiles provedto be too much for them, so they quit.Ancient Kin at Wedding.Lead Hill, Ark. Elmira "Wagonerattended the wedding of her great-great-great-granddaughterhere, Dosielarkson, who was married to JohiHRIIMiHTHATHIIliW"III"Blue" FeelingMIImmmmtaHIaHBmnQriHrsumarsayof telegraphing yon that samciking is WRONG and needs EELP.It may be that your liver is tired and refuses to work, or yourdigestive organs have hid too much to do and need care. Perhapsyou have been eating tka vrong kind of food, and your blood 13 toorich or impoverished. Vhat you need is a tonic.Br, Tierce's GeMH BfelCO.! ISCOWrywill give the required aid. Tonos ihe entire system. The weak stomach ismade strong. The I:ver vibratr 3 with cew life. The blood is cleansed of allimpurities and carries renewed health to erery vein iid nerve and muscle andorgan of the body. No more attacks oxthe "blue?." Life becomes worth wlii'eagain, and hope takes place of despan.Insist on getting Dr. Pierce'sGolden Medical Discover;.Sold by dealers in medicines.siiSiBzsisxErasBSBasaszcBzScSizsEESBQzaEaszBaaHZBBSBaBPSome Hot News.We will in a few days receive a car of SemiAnthricite Coal. It has the Pocahontas fracture, isa much harder Coal therefore comes a betterpreparation, and is an ideal Furnace Coal.ANALYSISVolatile 30.1 0 ,Carbon 66.00Moisture 40Ash. 3.50Is you are interested in a first-class furnaceCoal, come to the yard ofDodson & DeotonThe Home of Good CoalYards, South Main St. Coth Phones 140Ndw is ths time to layC3&C3;lX3gSKgSgt,pfX.BI1. Sells My Products 4. Protects the Homel "2. Gets Best Prices 5. Helps the Housewife3. Brings-Supplies 6. Increases Profits ,7. Pays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons wlay YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet, t,For information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated,Everv WomanftCome to the BigCASH - RAISINGSALETwin Bios. DepanmenCorner Seventh and ain Sts.Big Bargains in Dry Goods, Dressgoods, Silks, Ladies' and. . Misses' Skirts, Waists, Dresses, Millinery,Shoes, Slippers, Etc.j j, gjCome to The Big Sale.We are agents for Pictorial Patterns, Buster Brown Hose;,Bon Bon and W. B. Corsets.It is not only lightning-proof but fire-proof andstorm-proof, too.CORTRIGHT METAL SHINGLESlast as long as the building and never need renairs.Just the thing for town or country1 meet every condition of comfort, beauty and security,-30& ?fa" nntu'i esse gj-g- iww7'.'i v i ra r-m . .....AajFor Sale by ?Best & Hawkins, Millersbursr, Ky.'8Wken yam fel iisceiragefMlaIltM world seem t feeagainst yon that'sIIj uusr sysienrs wa?&s?HfSju-sAvPresid nU World' 3 DispensaryMedical Association, Buffalo, N. Y.mm8Srfiin your Winter Goal1ASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders te CumberlandlTel Iephone works for him. He will reply:soiebuildings, because thev, T ix -v-i vyw4TJpshaw. - - . $ , r ,,V-s'-rt . v..a "? JL V1it:-if w a r - - . -J- . . v.. - t -jj?r- -,4 -1"t 7- Ji .UT'TV, rt ".tiu.MMMMMHMHHM&ltl iingggg!!WgiTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., JULY 22 1913--.&,-&r5&Yhen you have trouble with yourstomach or chronic constipation, don'timagine that your case is beyond helpjust because your doctor fails to giveyou relief. Mrs. G. Stengel, Plainfield,N. J., writes: "For over a month pastI have been troubled with my stomach.Everything I ate upset it terribly.One of Chamberlain's advertisingbooklets came to me. After readinga few. of the letters from people whohad been cured by Chamberlain's Tablets, I decided to try them. I havetaken nearly three-fourths of a package of them and can" now eat almosteverything that I want." For sale byall dealers.Master's saleBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.H. C. McCreary,J. W. Borchess,J. E. Borchess, doing businessunder the firm name of McCreary& Co PlaintiffsVs NOTICE OF SALE.E. E. Landis and the L. &N. Railroad Co., a Corporation DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgmentand order of sale of the Bourbon Circuit Court, rendered in the abovestyled action, at the June, 1913, term,the undersigned Master Commissionerwill sell at public auction to the highest and best bidder, at the CourtHouse door, in Paris, Ky., about thehour of 11 o'clock, onSATURDAY, JULY 26, 1913the following described property:"Seventeen horses and mules; sevenlarge scrapers and blacksmith, including all tools, etc."Said sale will be made upon creditof four months, purchaser or purchasers being required to executebond for the purchase price, with goodsecurity thereon, to be approved bythe Master Commissioner, payable tothe said Commissioner, and bearing interest at the rate of 6 per cent, perannum from date of sale until paid,said bonds having the force and effectof a replevin bond. Said sale will bemade to secure the plaintiff, H. C.McCreary & Co., for a judgment inthe sum of 1,658.25, with interestthereon at the rate of 6 per cent, perannum from the 19th day o f November, 1912, and the costs of this action,amounting to $ , and theundersigned Master Commissioner willsell the said personal propetrty or somuch thereof as may be necessary tosatisfy and discharge the plaintiff'ssaid claim of 1,658.25, with interestand costs.c. a. McMillan,M. C. B. C. 0.M. F. Kenney, Auc'tr.(July 4-11-18-25)SURPRISING CURE OF STOMACH lTHE KING. OF. ALL LAXATIVES.TROUBLE.For constipation, headaches, indigestion and dyspepsia, use Dr. Kine'sNew Life Pills. Paul Mathulka. ofBuffalo, New York, says they are the"King ot all laxatives. They are ablessing to all my family and I alwavskeep a box of them at home." Get abox and get well. Price 25c. Recommended by L. Oberdorfer and W. T.5rooKs.JRIVJIf you are satisfied with bad roads,keep Dundon in office. If you wantgood roads for the taxes you pay voteagainst him. Vote for McMillan forCounty Judge.Doubling Human Life.In 1866 the public health conditionsof New York were in so low a statethat the average length 6f life of theinhabitants was 30 years. In 1912these conditions had been improved sothat the average length of life was66 years. Thus the value of humanlife, reckoned in terms of time alone,had more than doubled in less thanhalf a century.1-Century Magazine.RID YOUR CHILDREN OF WORMS.You can change fretful, Ul-temperedchildren into healthy, happy youngsters by ridding them cf worms. Tossing, rolling, grinding of teeth, cryingout while asleep, accompanied by intense thirst, pains in the stomach andbowels, feverishness and bad breath,are symptoms that nidicate worms.Kickapoo Worm Killer, a pleasant candy lozenge, expels the worms, regulates the bowels, restores your children to health and happiness. Mrs.J. A. Brisben, of Elgin, 111., says: "Ihave used Kickapoo Worm Killer foryears and it entirely rid my childrenof worms. I would not be without it"Guaranteed. All druggists, or by mail.Price 25c. Kickapoo Indian MedicineCo., Philadelphia and St. Louis.Henry and Hfs Wives."Henry VIII. was king of Englandand the greatest widower that everwas," states a -boy's essay. "He wasborn at a place called Annie Domino,and he had 350 wives. The first wasbeheaded and then executed, the second was revoked, and the third died,and then he married Ann Bulletin."London Lancet.Even Worse Grievance.Your woislnp, said the prinoner,"you don't know how heai trending itis to have a wife who can cook butwon't do it." "No," said his honor, and! then added, feelingly: "Thank good-I ness, man, you haven't one that- can'tcook and will do it."STOCK CHUTE QUITE USEFULBuilt on Wheels and Axle of OldMower Useful Device May BeHauled to All Parts of Farm.Perhaps every farmer has occasion to load some animal into awagon and many of them prepare forthis by building a stock chute. Frequently these chutes are built aspermanent fixtures in connection withthe feed lots, but they are often madeso that they can be 'transported fromone part of the farm to another.When a chute of this kind is builtheavy and strong enough to supportthe weight of a mature hog or a largecalf it becomes a clumsy thing tomove. Mr. R. J. Linscbtt, Holton,Kas., has solved this problem of inconvenience in a very easy way.The wheels and axle used in making his stock chute are parts of oldmachinery found on the farm, theMAIDEN ABDUCTS YOUNG WANShy Sweetheart Is Carried to Mountain Fastness and' Marriedby Force.I ill Pi "m n TY"-Stock Chute.wheels being taken from an old mower. The upper end ofthe chute isprovided with two strong iron hooks,which are sharpened, so as to engage the bottom the wagon bed andprevent slipping after the animalstarts upward. With such as arrangement there is no difficulty inbuilding a chute of ample strength,because the question of weight hasrelatively little importance. The chutecan be hooked on behind the wagonand hauled to any part of the farm.CULLING OUT THE OLD EWESYou have tried Dundon for eightyears and you know he gives you badroads. Take a chance on a change.Vote for McMillan for County Judge.V tHXH (V vT flM iAnaddedpleasurefor smokers ofjfaxtt&LpjeA4sIIBSu&slHere is a smoke with the real, genuine tobacco taste that beats all artificial tastes.Every grain of it is pure, clean tobacco.Tucked into a pipe, or rolled into a cigarette,it makes a delightful smoke.If you have not smoked Duke's Mixture, made byLiggett & Myers at Durham, N. C, try it now.In addition to one and a half ounces of fine Virginiaand North Carolina leaf, with each 5c sack of Duke'sMixture you now get a book of cigarette papers free andA Free Present CouponThese coupons are good for hundreds of valuablepresents. There are shaving sets, jewelry, cut glass, baseballs, tennis racquets, talking machines, furniture, cameras, and dozens of other articles suitable for every memberof the family each of them wellworth saving the coupons for.As a special offer, Wewill send you our newillustrated catalogue ofthese presents FREE.Just send us your name andaddress on a postal. Thisoffer expires December31, 1913.Coupons from Duke's Mixture maybe assortedwtth tags from HORSESHOE. J. T., TINSLEY'S NATURAL LEAF, GRANGERTWIST, coupons from FOURROSES (lOottn double coupon),PICK PLUG CUT. PIEDMONT CIGARETTES. CUXCIGARETTES, and othertoes or coupons issued by us.Premium Dept.ST. LOUIS, MO.K&r-Wfe KcrfirAIiSiImGcod Shepherds Do Not Hesitate toGet Rid of Grandmothers BeforeThey Go Down Hill.Usually by the time that a ewe hasreached the ago of seven years shehas spent most of her usefulness as abreeder and mother. Good shepherdsdo not hesitate to cull out these oldgrandmothers before they go downhill. They usually pick up in fleshshoitly after weaning time, and canbe best marketed just as they comefrom pasture without fattening.Old ewes "break in the mouth," soto speak, and cannot eat. Naturallythey keep going down in flesh, wastemuch of their food, and frequentlytheir mouths get so sore they will nottake sufficient food to ratten them.The wool becomes shorter and shorter with advancing age, says the FarmPress, and lacks several pounds ofthe weights they shore in their prime.Lambs from old ewes are never assatisfactory. The milk supply fallsshort, and the lamb is dwarfed andstunted so that it never makes athrifty feeder.Their presence in the flock detractsfrom its appearance and value. Oneor two old ewes in a flock of prinmbreeders will often hurt the sale valif?as much as a dollar a head. Forthese reasons, then, cull closely andkeep only the beBt prime breedingewes. With the price of mutton andwool so low as it is, he cannot affordto keep other than those from whichthe best returns can be expected.Odessa, The forcible abductionand compulsory marriage of a Caucasian youth are reported from Kutais.A pretty girl of sixteen, named Rogova, who lives in the village of Ku-lis-Kari,fell in love with a handsomeboy of the same age named Sari, wholived in a neighboring hamlet.Either from shyness or from disinclination, Sari did not respond to the lovesick maiden's advances, and she therefore enlisted the aid of a band ofyoung tribesmen, who made a raid atnight on the dwelling of Sari's .parents and carried the youth off to ahill fastness, where Rogova was waiting for him.At first Sari rejected the profferedhand of Rogova, but his abductorsthreatened to kill him on the spot unless he made her his bride. Undercompulsion Sari consented.The next day the abductors madeanother raid in a different directionand borevto the rendezvous a clergyman, who unwillingly solemnized themar-riage of Rogova and Sari.In the meantime an armed party organized by the boy's parents, whoare well-to-do people, had found thetrail of the fugitives, but they arrivedtoo late to prevent the marriage. After a stormy scene the opposing parties were reconciled and Rogova boreoff her now smiling bridegroom in triumph to 8er home in Kulis-Kari. Thecouple' since express themselves ashighly pleased with the outcome of thegirl's bold move, but her word is thelaw of the household.NORWAY TRIUMPH HONOREDWomen at Big Conference In ViennaHear the Rev. Anna Shaw onSuffrage.Vienna, Austria. -A preliminary conference in connection with the women's franchise convention at Budapestwas held here and was devoted towM w&. MJ5J5. S&YJ&l SZZOVcelebrating the granting of the fullfranchise to the women of Norway.The Rev. Anna H. Shaw, the American huffragist, said that the lessonlearned by Norway was the lessontaught in America ever since the women's movement began that it was always the men who best knew whatwomen's suffrage means, that weremost ready to give it.BONES OF GREAT ANTIQUITYSmithsonian Official Delving for Fossiii Near Cumberland, Md.Many "Finds" Made.FEW CAUSES FOR INFECTIONSEstimated That 85 Per Cent, of AllLosses From Hog Diseases ArisesFrom Dreaded Cholera.One cause of infection in hogs is improper feeding, which includes unbalanced rations, overfeeding, underfeeding, irritating food (such as garbage,soured slops, etc.), insanitary feedtroughs and impure drinking water.Also may be mentioned insufficienthousing, especially during the heatof summer and the cold of winter,dampness, insanitary condition of thepens or houses, overcrowding ofsleeping quarters, etc.It has been estimated that 85 percentt of all losses from hog diseasesarise from cholera. The need of allprecautions against infection andspread is therefore apparent. It iswithin the power of all hog raisersto guard against the contributorycause enumerated above; and thesimple statement of the causes alsopomts the way for prevention.Use Your Own Corn.If a farmer can feed his 60-centcorn; to good hogs which will ?ayhim80 cents for it, does he not makean advance on the price of his cornand 'profit in the fertility returned. tothe soil, as well as saving the expensein hauling?Shed for Sheep.Don't, keep sheep in a damp basemenL They want a dry floor to standon. If you have not a good shed buildone with a floor two feet from theground. ' '"' ," -r i-Cumberland, Md. James W. Gidley,assistant curator in the National museum, Washington, assisted by Ravmond W. Armbruster. a local fossil expert, has been -working everal davsin the pit above Burkey's near Corngansville, this county, about fourmiles from Cumberland, unearthinpfossilized animal bones supposed to bethousands of years ridThe traces of the fossils were diecovered last NoviMibLr by Mr. Armbruster, who notified the Smithsonianauthorities. A minor investigation waimade, resulting in some valuable findsThe present quest has not been disappointing, some wonderful discoveries having been made, it is said, withthe end not yet in sight.The bones are in perfect conditionand scientists believe they are working on one of the greatest fossil flndsin the history of the country. Themarrow of the bones is crystallizedand has the appearance of clusters ofdiamonds or quartz."CHAPEL OF REST" FOR POORHaJborn Council Provides Place forDead Pending Burial A Valuable Reform.London. A valuable reform whichshould be of much ubo to the poor hasbeen made in Holborn, where the borough council has opened what is called a "chapel of rest." The object ofthe chapel isto provide a place towhich the poor can take their deadpending burial. No charge will bemade. The need of this innovation isclear and -pressing. Thousands ofLondoners live, In one-roomed tenements, and when deathT occurs t areforced for the time toJive with heirdead. There are al still abofct athousand underground Tooms occupied by the poor. It is hoped thatether borough councils will follow the,example of Holborn. "" -. Can't Keep It Secret.The splendid" work of Chamberlain'sTablets is daily becoming more widely known. No such grand remedy forctnmnn'h nnrl Hvop ttwi-iTVlais Vioa -www4.u. w.u.. . wa. vawuuxo u.ao cvci Abeen known. For sale by all dealers. 2.PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENTWill cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching Piles.It absorbs the tumors, allays itching at once,acts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and 51.00.WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, (MhoL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.Eor Sale.1913 model motor cycles and motorboats at bargain prices, all makes,brand new machines, on easy monthlypayment plan. Get our propositionbefore buying or you will regret it,also bargains in used motor cycles.Write us to-day. Enclose stamp forreply. Address, Lock Box 11, Trenton,Mien. julyl-2tFor Rent.Cottage of 5 rooms, newlv naneredand painted, inside and out. Electriclights, water and sewer connections.possession at once. Call East Tenn.Phono 34. tfMartin BrosFirniture loyiif,City Transferand First-CalssLireryOur Facilities forHeavy Hauling isGood.Our Livery is as good -as theother fellows. Hore3 fedby the week or month.We would appreciate sshare of 3Tour business.Prompt attention givan allorders.Both Phones. 260.MARTIN BROS.,Eighth St.Paris, KentuckyrPOPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKYSUNDAY, J -ml sr &T775cRoundTrip75 cRoundTripSCENIC BEAUTY v OUTDOOR ENJOYMENT v. MUSICTickets sold at GEORGETOWN good only on Special Train leaving at 10.50 an.Apply to nearest Ticket Agent, Queen & Crescent Route, for further infonnatioa.H. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent,101 E. Main St. Phone 49 LEXINGTON, KY.Victor Bogaert Co.Jewelers and ImporetrsDEALERS IN HIGH-CLASSI Diamonds and IPrcciuos IStones, We carry a large assortment of Sterling Silver, andeverything in the Jewelry line.Your patronage is solicited.VICTOR B06AERT CO.1 33-1 35 W. Main St.;Lexington, - - Kentucky IL.TwinDepartment Store,701-703 Main Street, Corner SeventhSeelOur WindowfFor$12.50, $15.00 and$18.00 Suits.Reduced to$9.98j-JJThese Suits are in the latest styles and colors and acfe ,excellentjvalues. Take a look at them We alsoJhavemKvfull line of Shoes, Hats, Caps, Shirts and everything th ,Men and Boys wear.vV.TWIN BROS., CLOTHING BBPftVv-vA . - LIWoBsteki, ProprK cr.4 ..; v ; '&. 7 .r , -THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KY., JULY 22, 1913. ,yp.k:.The Bourbon NewsEstablished Feb. 1, 188LW1FT CHAMP,- Editor andPublisher(Entered at the-Paris Kentucky Postoffice as Mail 'Matter of the SecondClass.)The turnpikes of Bourboncounty re going down, gettingworse and worse each year,although about $45,006 per yearis paid by the people of Bourboncounty each year for road taxes.If Judge Dundon does not knowhow to deal with this subject,pp aygjitto quit.If "he &riowsf haying done nothing, he ough'f tq'quiCt?X : .TRUDGE sMiTH WRITES AGAIN' OF THE COUNTY TURNPIKES.' -r-flEditor Bourbon News:Please allow jne space in your paperto state a few facts in -regard to ourturnpikes, the tax rate and kindredmatters,I was a member of the Court (under the old Constitution called Courtof Claims, and the new, Fiscal Court)continuously from 1884 to 1906 and the.first session I attendea in 1884 I wagappointed on the turnpike committee,serving continuously on that committee from 1884 to 1900, when I waselected presiding officer of the Court,and advised with the turnpike committee from that time until I retired fromoffice.During the period from 1884 to 1900there were more turnpikes constructed than any other like period in theliistory of the county. Those turnpikes cost from 1,800 to $2,400 peranile, or an average of $2,100. That included making the fills, the culverts,grade, putting on the knapped stone(nine inches on each side and twelveinches in the center) the stone dirted- with fine dirt one and one-half inches- to make a bond, shouldered with dirt,eighteen inches on the outside of the6toseon each side and ditched on eachside, three feet wide and eight inchesdeep on the outside of grade andshoulders. JL turnpike constructed inthis manner was good for fifteen ortwenty years without repairs.Prom the best information I canget the present Fiscal Court has put$2,000. per mile on the same thirty-fivemiles of turnpike every year or twotor the last eight years, using aboutthe entire road fund for the benefit ofthe fovored few and to the detrimentof the many.I say most positively and knowvhereof I speak, with good businessmanagement the present turnpike fundproperly used, would put a good coatof rock on every rod of turnpike in thecounty every two years and have theroads properly ditched, the new rockdirted, rolled to bond it and in twoyears every turnpike in the countycould be in first-class condition fortravel, as good, yes, even better thanthe turnpikes of Clark or Fayettecounties.The Fiscal Court of 1902 to 1906kept the turnpikes of the county in-reasonably good repair with a roadfund of 18,000 or 20,000 a year and ifv 'the fund had been 50,000 or 60,000' ' a year, by 1906 every turnpike in Bourbon County would have been a modelroad.... . , ,.,.. , -adou .our Lax rate ana ine vaiueof Bourbon county property: The taxIpw made bv the Fiscau Court in 1905to 80 clnts and the value of uroDer -about S14 000 000 Todav the tafxSJrSr.5 :!:200Y. JSJeJSfaev 10 i.w miu iuc yiuiicii-jjabout 18,000, an increase of 30 centsin the tax rate and about one-third inproperty value. Practically all theraise in property has been in land, andthe farmers' stock. The city valuesliave remained about the same, andthis raise of value in property and taxrate has made the farmers? taxes aboutdouble what they were in 1906. Wihthis increase of tax the farmer seeshis urnpike roads (wih the exceptionof about 35 miles) more than threehundred miles, going back to dirtroads or even worse.-And one word about the gaalicious,contemptible insult offered me in theParis Democrat of July 12, because Idefended the good names of JudgeSamuels, Judge Hawes, Judge Turney.Judge Mann and others. The public"will know the source from which itcame and will make due allowance.H. C. SMITH.BEST MEDICINE IN THE WORLD., "My little girl had dysentery veryhad. I. thought she would die. Chamberlain's Colic, Cholera and DiarrhoeaKemedy cured her, and I can truthfully say that I think it is the bestnedicine in the world," writes Mrs.-William Orvis, Claire, Mich. For saleby all dealers.K If you advocate bad roads you will-- vote to keep Dundon in office. Hewill give them to you.GUPID ON STRIKE INNICHOLAS COUNTY.Cupid is taking a vacation in NichoJas county. Ther'e has not been a marriage license issued in the NicholasCounty Clerk's office since the first ofJuly,COLORED PYTHIANS OPEN ,SESSION IN PARIS.-The city is filled with coloredJPythians from all over the State."The Industrial Bureau met yesterday,Grand Chancellor, of Harrodsburg,opening the session. Committees wereappointed and delegates got down tobusiness.The Pythians have the strongestfraternal organization in the State andis zaade. up of the leading business andprofessional men of their race.Thursday is gala day, at which timetkre will be a picnic and excursionsIro mseveral surrounding towns. Lex-iufctoa and Louisville are well repre-at&d. j, 1 .sYearsEightBad Roads--TryFour Years.zskvs&ZrC2&Who ever heard o fany County Judge of Bourbon County taking employment to defend violators of the law until Judge Dundon started it?. Our cartoonist, in the above picture had in mind Judge Dundon. defending BudMacom and other leaders of the Blind Tigers of Claysville as well as JudgeDundon's neglect of the roads of Bourbon County when he depicts JudgeDundon as having a rocky road to travel when he goes out onthe neglectedhighways of ourbon County, to ask. the voters to endorse his administration, i ' ir ' 'MkMWill the Claysville negroes,headed by Judge Dundon's cli-J ent, Bjd Wacom, be hauled fromm poll to poll on election day to Jvote for Judge Dundon? Watch mJ and see for yourself.NEWS OF MILLERSBUR6Mr. and Mrs. O. B. Hurst visitedfriends at Mt. Sterling, Sunday andMonday.Miss Nancy Jones has returnedafter a few weeks'' visit to relatives atMt. Sterling.Mr. Walden Chanslor, of Cincinnati, is the guest of his uncle, SquireA. C. Ball, and family.Misses Stuart, of Cincinnaati, areguests of their uncle and aunt, Mr.and Mrs. J. H. Stewart.Misses Elva Baldwin, of Maysville, and Maude Kerr, of Carlisle, areguests of Mrs. B.'H. Kerr.Mr. W. V. Shaw was at Butlerfrom Saturday until Monday, where heattended the funeral of a relative.Mrs. W. M. Miller left Saturdayfor a visit to her sister,Mrs. R. L.Buffington, at Huntington, W. Va.Mrs. Mattie L. Price, of Thornsville, Va., arrived Saturday to be theguest of her sister, Mrs. A. S. Venable.Miss Alfa Ball was at the bedsideof her mother, Mrs. A. C. Ball, at St.Joseh Hosital, in Lexington, Saturday. She reorts her doing nicely.Mrs. S. H. Creighton and son, Master Taylor Creighton, of Indianapolis,Ind., arrived Friday as guests of hermother, Mrs. Belle Taylor.Mrs. C. M. Best writes that theMillersburg party are spending a mostenjoyable summer at North Wildwood,N. J. The party will return alout the15th of August.Mrs. J. D. Redd and daughters,Misses Nola and Mary Bruce, are visit-.insr friends at Pamtsville. miss Moia- t Riclimtmd where, 7VT1 ZL waAi-c -cif' she had been on a weeks Slt' , ,' The ho of Mrs- Frankie Gw?and'who died at her llome ta-Vanceburg.Thursday, was brought to MillersburgFIMov frT?ririnv for burial. The funeral wasIconducted from the home of her brother, Mr. Ashby Leer, at 3 o'clock. Shewas a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. JohnLeer, Sr. Her early life was spent inand around Millersburg. At the timeof her death she was 51 years of age.She was a devout member of the Methodist church, having united with thechurch early in life. She was unitedin marriage when quite young to Mr.Morris Garland, of Vanceburg, wherethe greater part of her married lifewas spent. She was the mother of oneson, Dr. Hamlet Garland, who precededher to the grave four years ago. Hewas a promising young physician, agraduate of the M. M. I. Mrs. Garlandhad been in failing health for sometime, and it was generally known byher friends that her earthly pilgrimage was fast drawing to a close. Besides her husband she is survived byfour brothers Messrs. W. G., Chas.,Ashby and J. C. Leer. The funeralwas conducted by Dr. C. C. Fisher, ofthe M. F. C, and the services werevery' impressive. Quite a number ofrelatives and friends of the deceasedwere present from all the surroundingtowns, several coming from Vanceburgand from Huntington, W. Va.BEST TORNADO INSURANCE. Phone W. O. Mintonto put you on Tornado Insurance. 2tFOX TERRIER PUPS FR SALE.I have for sale pure-bred Fox Terrierpups, all nicely marked. Price, $2.00ALVIN THOMPSON,Home Phone 50, Clintonville.East Tennessee Phone 192, Paris.(8-3t)You cannot vote for JudgeDundon without endorsing hisadministration. The people ofBourbon have done their partpromptly each year. They havepaid about $45,000 each year tothe Treasurer of Bourbon county for roads. But they have noroads. Will you endorse an administration which collects yourtaxes but gives you no roads?.C. A.. McMillan--mA vote against Dundon meansa protest against the bad roadsin Bourbon county. It means awarning to the next Judge thatthe people will not stand for badroads when they have to paytaxes for good roads.aBIG SUM PAID TO LIFEINSURANCE BENEFICIARIES.The Insurnce Press, published inNew York, gives some interesting figures of the sums paid in all the principal cities of the United States to lifej insurance beneficiaries for the year ofj 1912. During the year the sum of 18,1 250 was paid upon policies held in Par-is, while beneficiaries in Millersburgreceived the sum of $13,000. Of theadjoining towns Lexington beneficiaries received ?321,'000, Carlisle 13,000, Georgetown, 34,750. Winchesterwas below the 10,000 mark.lyilLLINERY BARGAINS.Onr pp.tire stock of millinery, ready-to-wearand dry gods at great sacrificeprices during the last week 6t ourJuly Clearance Sale.HARRY SIMON.INSURE.Insureyour tobaccowith W. O. liintonagainst hail. 2tNotice of Meeting of 6arihFund Commissioners.The present beneficiaries ofthe Garth Fund are hereby requested to meet the undersignedCommissioners of said Fund inthe Court House in Paris, Ky.,on Wednesday, July 23rd next,at which time said beneficiarieswill be expected to present theirreport and to bring with themIthe books studied dnriner thepast school year, apon whichthey will be examined.All new. applicants are requested to present themselves for examination on Thursday, July 24,next, at the same place.. CLAUDE M. THOMASJNO. T. COLLINS- EMMETT M. DICKSON(15-3t) ""Commissioners.- .. ---rrfc.DO YOUR BANKING WITH US-WE. WILLHELP YOU TO KEEP YOUR ACCOUNTSSTRAIGHTWe can help you in your money matters, becausehandling money is our BUSINESS. Our bookkeepers willkeep your accounts straight. If you have a bank accountyou have a receipt for every bill you pay. We can ADVISEyou, and will insure you courteous and earnest attention.Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.Capital, $100,000,00!M. HALL, PresidentDEATHS AND. FUNERALSk A message received-yesterday byDr. Clara B. Mathews announced thedeath of Mrs. Valandingham, whichoccurred at a Louisville following anoperation. The message waas, receiv- jed from Mrs. C. J. McLear, a sister of jMrs. Vanlandingham, who for severalmonths has been at Asheville, N. C.The remains of Mrs. Vanlandinghamwere removed to her home at Owenton. The deceased was well-known inthis city where she his frequently visited. PARIS TEAM WINS PRETTYCONTEST FROM LEXINGTON.In a pretty game of ball at WhitePark Sunday afternoon, the Paris Athletic Club defeated the Lexington Federals by a score of 5 to 3. The contestwas the fastest played on the localgrounds this season and was featuredby the pitching of Curtis for localswho during the. contest allowed thevisitors but five hits. Two runs coming in the first inning were scored onJ errors but after that the local boyssettled down aim only in one inningthereafter did the visitors hit the Parispitcher with any effect.. The Parisaggregation put up an excellent article of ball after the first inning andby consecutive hitting in the . sixthlaid claim to the contest. Following isthe score;JAttlS ABR H PO A BHill, 2b; 410 06 0 110 02 5 34 1113 1 10 0 00 0 10 2 0Reeves, lb 5Swearingen, rf 3Woods, ss 2Lytle, 3b 4Wallen, c 4McCarthy, cf 3Wilkerson, If 4Curtis, p -. . 3Totals 33LEXINGTON ABBnkert, cf 4Stougli, c 3Brown, ss-p . . .a. .! 43 5 24 10 3R H PO A EHonker, lb 3O'Day 2b .... "J 4Scanlon, rf 2Lenny, If 3Scully, 3b 4Kelly, p-ss 40 .00 00 1Totals 33 3 5 24 10 3Pris 0 1 0 0 0 3 1 0 x 5Lexington 2 0000010 03Erned runs Paris 3. Two base hitsWallen. Base on balls off Kelly 2,off Brown 2, off Curtis 3. Struck outby Kelly 3, by Brown 1, by Curtis, 4.Stolen bases Honaker 2, Lenny,Reeves, Woods, Lytle, Curtis. Doubleplays Hill to Reeves, Lytle to Reeves.Time 1:40.I you want good roads vote lor achange. Try McMillan for CountyJudg9.LOST.Small silver mesh bag containing40 cents in change. Lost between EdTucker's store and corner of Ninthand High streets. Finder please return to this office.On South Main St., or Hume & Bedford pike, Saturday, July 5, ladies'hand bag containing about $2.00 inchange, and a bank book with Ada B.Skinner's name on it.Finder please return to MetropolitanLife Insurance Co.'s office, WilsonBuilding, Paris,, and get reward.FOR RENT.Suite of rooms for office or livingapartments. All conveniences. Cor.Pleasant street and Duncan avenue.For Sale.Good family and driving horse,ply toAp-15-2t THOMAS BROS.UT )S HELP YOUrp-o1Surplus, $40,000.00.C. K. THOMAS. Cashier.rWJDELICATESSEN IGOODSOF ALL4. WatermelonsOnT. C. LENIHAIN.Cash Grocery.jjKi&Ki4$rPARIS GRAND EXTRATwo Special Performancesand Evening:Wednesday, Jnly 23I - cJRADE MARK"H ftfV- M g 3 '"n SQ rt095 4M dPCYUThe Play, the Voice, the Action, Reproduced True to Life."Edisou's most realistic invention." Philadelphia Ledger. -"It is so real, the actors are applauded." New York Press."So amazingly perfect the- are really weird. "Chicago Tribune."Make the pictured actors appear real." New York Times."A storm of enthusiasm swept over the audience.' ' Boston Journal.EDISON'S TALKING PICTURESMatinee Prices, 25 and 35c. Evening, 25, 35, 50c.Reserved Seats at Mitchell & Blakemore's.m EverybodyThe Blue Grass FairSix Big Days and NightsCommencingMonday, Aug. 1 1America's GreatesI Horse Show.6 Big Horse Stakes. Running and Harness RacesDaily. $20,000 in Premiums. Splendid Display of Every Class of Live Stock.Liberates Concert Band and GrandOpera Company.High Class Vaudeville Every Turn aMead liner.Free Acts Daily.Everybody from everywhereHike to the Blue Grass Fair.You may see all the rest, jBut come to Lexington jp get the best.Reduced Rates on All Roads.For Catalog or further Information, addressJOHN W.fcVKINDS'--hltIce-IVIatiqeefVfarveiousKinefcophbne?lS30KK2Qfis Going to -BAIN. Secretary,m m , . -Lexmgcon, ivy.i5rTaivHAS !iiv'?SiKjji.,i-. ..zh.i muwwTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS," KENTUCKY, JULY 22, 1913Ifj ,K.TuttSa'7MM&f4HAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADEDAMAGED BY CYCLONE. We had a big lot ofmattresses damagedby the Cyclone thatwe want to CLOSEOUT ATONCE. Nothing damaged but thecover. Tor cash youcan get one of thebest bargains in thisline ever offered inParis. Come in earlyas they will go fast.J. T. HINTON.INSURANCE ADJUSTERS WILLI ARRIVE IN PARIS TO-DAY.I" -Mr. Jos. Rogers, insurance adjusterfor the Springfield Insuance Co.represened by McClure & Clendenin, willarrive to-day to adjust the losses sustained in the tornado of Saturday.THIS WEEK ONLY.In order to run off our large stock of50 pounds Home Made Lard for ?6.0010 pounds Home-Made Lard for $1.30.'r'hese prices are for cash only.iJ-2t BALDWIN BROS.S NDAY SCHOOL PICNIC WILLBE HELD NEXT THURSDAY.The annual picnic of 'iiet Baptisschool will be held next Thursday inthe woodland on the farm of Mr. Forrest Letton, on the Bethlehem pike.THIS WEEK ONLY.In order to run off our large stock oflard we will offer for this week only50 pounds home made lard for $6.00.10 pounds Home made lard for $1.30.These prices are for cash only.22-2t BALDWIN BROS.BARGAINS FOR CASH.One lot mens' special Tan and Patent Oxfords, worth $4.00 and $5.00, now$2.90, cash only.(22-2t) GEO. McWILLIAMSNICE HOME FOR SALE.Any one in the market for a nicehome in a good neighborhood shouldattend the sale of the C. L. Bobbittcottage on High street, between lothand 16th streets, July 29th, at 2 p.22-2tm.WILL MOVE TO JACKSONTO RESIDE PERMANENTLYMr. and Mrs. Jerome Mecalf, whoreside on Cypress street will movethis week to Jackson, Ky., where theywill reside permanently. Mr. Metcalf,-who has been an engineer on theLouisville & Nashville railrod, hasbeen a ssigned to duties on the L. &E.SOCIAL AND PERSONALMr. Lee Price has returned froma visit to Louisville.Miss Frances Champ is the guestof Mrs. W. C. Ussery in Cincinnati.Mrs. Ernest Orr, of Cynthiana,visited relatives in this city Sunday.Miss Genevieve Mahaney, of thiscity, is visiting relatves n Covngton.Miss Helen, Sulsbury, of EurekaArk., is the guest of pr. and Mrs. M.H. Dailey.Mrs. Evelyn P. Buck has gone toRochester, N. Y. for a visit to her son,Mr. Lucien Buck.Mr. Desha Lucas, of Port Arthur,Texas, arrived Wednesday for avisitto friends.Mrs. Frank White, of near thiscity, is the guest of Mrs. W. O. Brock,in Winchester.Mrs. Rebecca Freeman has returned to her home in this city aftera visit in Maysville.Mr. Noah Spears returned -Sundayto Chicago, after a visit of several weeks to relatives in this city.Mrs. Catesby Woodford will entertain Wednesday at cards in honor ofher guest, Mrs. Warren Post, of Virginia. Misses Mae and Helen Legg, ofMontgomery, West Va., are guests oftheir cousin, Mrs. J. F. Trisler, onWest Eighth street.Miss Mary Stuart Alexander returned to her home yesterday after avery delightful visit of several weekswith Miss Alice Rogers Clay.Mrs. Mason Talbott and son,William Talbott, are guests of theformers's parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. B.McCray, at North Middletown.Miss Edith Calvert has gone toMaysville for a visit to her uncle,Mr. Thomas Calvert. Miss MargaretCalvert is visiting friends in Somerset. Mrs. J. S. Brrnes, of Nicholasville,and her charming little granddaughters have returned home after a visitwith Mrs. W. E. Board, on Houstonavenue.Mrs. June Payne and son Mr.Geo. Lewis Payne, of Virginia, arrivedyesterday to join her husband, Mr.June Payne, who has been the guestof relatives here for several weeks.They Will remain until afte the Bourbon Fair.The members of the ChhippewaClub entertained a few invited friendswith a delightful luncli at their campand a trip up Stoner creek Friday evening. Those present were: Mr. andMrs. Thornwell Tadlock, Mr. and Mrs.Thomas Allen, Mr. and Mrs. Frank P.Riser, Mrs. Taylor Chandler, Mr. andMrs. H. M. Collins, Miss Jennie Howard and Mrs. Logan Howard.M. John Lytle, of Cincinnati, wasthe guest Sunday of his parents, Mr.O. G. Lytle, on South Main street.marck Frank, Mrs.Charlton Alexander.J. C. Elgin, Mrs.Mrs. R. Goldstein and son, Elmer,of Cincinnati, are guests of Mrs. Harry Simon.Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Mackey, ofCincinnati are visiting thhe formers'parents, Mr. and Mrs. Sam Mackey,on South Main street. -Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Taylor willleave Thursday for a visit to relativesin Louisville, Dayton and Butler tobe absent for for several weeks.Dr. and Mrs. M. H. Dailey entertained Friday evening with a party upStoner creek for Dr. and Mrs. EdwardTuthill and son, of Lexington. Theothers in the party were Dr. and Mrs.H. C. Hodges, Br. and Mrs. T. B. Kelly and two daughters, of Lexington,and Miss Sharp, of Covington.THIS WEEK ONLY.In order to run off our large stock oflard, we will offer for his week ouly:50 pounds Home Made Lard for $6.0010 pounds Home-Made Lard for $1.30.These prices are for cash only.22-2t' BALDWIN BROS.SEE OUR BARGAIN COUNTER.See our bargain counter 'at 68 cts.Cash only.22-2t GEO. McWILLIAMS.MODERN COTTAGE AT AUCTION.A well-located, modern and convenient cottage will be soWto the highestbidder on Tuesday, July 29th at 2 p.m. See Harris & Speakes about it. 2EPWORTH LEAGUE GIVESA DELIGHTFUL SOCIAL.The members of the EpworthLeague of the Methodist church gavea social Thursday evening on thelawnof Mrs. Ella Mernaugh's residence, onSeventh street, which was a delightfulaffair. The lawn was lighted withJapanese lanterns, and a graphaphonefurnished the music. The occasionwas designed to mark the close of amembership campaign, which resultedin the addition of twenty-one youngmembers to the already flourishingorganization, which is a very helpfulfactor in the -work of the church, andwhich is increasing in members and inusefulness unde the splendid leader-snip ol my. Dennis snapp, the president.Rev. J. B. Harrits.of Lexington, Kentucky Conference President of the Epworth League, was present, and madean address to the leaguers, whichabounded in words of encouragementand advice. Mr. Harris spoke fromthe steps of the porch, which was decorated with the colors of the, leaguewhite and gold, and with the Greekcrobs, their emblem.' The members of the Christian Endeavor Society were invited to be theguests of the league for the social, andafter the address delicious ices andcakes were served at two beautifullyappointed long tables on the lawn."Koxie" Dai$!Che insurance HgciilLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::biggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137Iana95Let them increase iht joysof childhood and keep a record of them for "grown-up"days with a: July Clearancet: SaleBeganMonday, July 7thClosesSaturday, July 19th6IW. Ed Tucker.IniSTORM INSURANCE,Tornado and E-3ail'Insurance. rsiothmgbut the best companies represented.Bedford &c Bryan,Office Peoples Bank.REMNANTS AT SACRIFICE PRICESRemnants of calico in 1 to 10 yardlengths, all colors, at 4 cents peryard, during he last week of our JulyClearance Sale.HARRY SIMON..FOR PRESERVING.PhoneFine peaches for preserving.your order early.(It) C. P. COOK &-COTORNADO INSURANCE. Better have W. O.liinton write yousome Tornado Insurance. - 3tSo simple that a child canoperate them and make goodpictures $2, $3, $4, $5, $7,$10 and $12.THIS WEEK ONLY.DAUGHERTYON ICE.Rocky FordWatermelons on ice.Canteloupes.It ' C. P. COOK & CO.NARROWLYESCAPESACID POISONING.Mr. George W. Davis, the venerablemerchant and undertaker, of this city,had a narrow escape from carbolicacid poisoning Friday jmorning. Mr.Davis had not been feeling well forseveral days and decided to take adrink of cordial. A bottle of carbolicacid had been set near the cordial bottle, and he secured the wrong bottle.Raising it to his lips he immediatelyfelt the burn of the acid, and quicklyrealized his mistake. Mr. Davis suffered a few burns to his lips but asidefrom this he is none the worse offfrom his experience.LADIES READ..One lot ladies' suede and velvetone and two-strap pumps, worth $3.50and $4.00, now $1.90. Cash only.22-21! - GEO. McWILLIAMS.,.INSURE.Insure your tobacco"with W. O. rlintonagainst hail. 2tCHAPMAN RESIDENCEAT PUBLIC AUCTION.Attend the public sale of Prof.Chapman's residence on HouBton avenue, Wednesday, July 30th, at 2 q.m.It 'isa beautiful hQme centrllylocated. 22-2tThe Lexington Herald of Sundaycontained the following:Mr. and Mrs. I. D. Thompson entertained with an elegant dance for theircharming daughter, Miss SarahThompson, Friday evening at Elks'Hall. The spacious hall was tastefullydecorated in pink and green, plantsand streamers being used very effectively. Inspiring music was furnished by Thomas' Saxophone trio, and theroom was delightfully cooled by electric fans. The dance was gracefullyled by Miss Thompson, daintily gowned in lavender charmeuse with netdrapery, and Dr. Frank Fithian, heruncle. The refreshments were furnished by Hughes, of Lexington, andconsisted of ices formed as pink roseswith foliage and individual cakes andmints in the arty colors.Delicious punch was servedthroughout the evening at a beautifully appointed table by the hostess'aunt, Mrs. J. C. Elgin.Mr. and Mrs. Thompson and MissThompson were assisted in receivingthe guests by Dr. and Mrs. FrnkFithian.Mrs. Thompson was very handsomein a gown of white charmeuse, drapedin bronze net.Mrs. Fithian wore a lovely gownof pink crepe. , vThe list of invited guests includedthe following: Misses ElizabethBrown. Louise and Laura Steele,Matilda James, Elizabeth Hinton,Frances Champ, Dorcas Ussery, AnneEmbry, Elizabeth Yerkes, MargaretArdery, Marie Talbott, Elizabeth andNell Crutcher, Marguerite Douglass,Marie Middleton, Mildred Lisle, Margaret Ferguson, Anna and KatherineWilson, Eleanor Clay, KatherineMarsh, Hariet Rogers, Mary AdamsTalbott, Mary Ellen Huthcraft, CharilaBall, Edith and Margaret Shive, Marian and Elizabeth Clay Alexander, Hattie Hilr O'Neal, Rachel Wiggins, MaryWoodford, Nettie. Judy Botts, Mt. Sterling, Cora V. Parish, Sarah LouiseHackins, Sara Power and MarianCram.Messrs. Duke Brown, Marion Douglass, Ireland Davis, Barnett Winters,Tom Prichard, Blair Varden, George jWhite Fithian, Edgar Dodge, HughFerguson, Douglass Clay, John T.Woodford, William Talbott, HiramRoseberry, Alvin and G. C. Thompson,James Thompson, Jr., Graham andStanley Young, North Middletown,Fielding Rogers, Scott Woodford,John and Sidney Ardery, Winn Hutchcraft, Henry B. Fithian, John HarrisClay, Cassius M. Clay, Jr., Bob Jones,North Midletown, Lucien Arnsparger,Harry Horton, Turneyand John Clay,B. Tinsley, Willie Collins, J. C. Elgin,Jr., Joseph Davis, Jr., Edward Myall,John W. Young, Brooks Woodford,Lanudrum Payne, Harvey and JulianRogers, Miller Ward, Frank Sledd,Roders "and Will Estill Moore andJack Revelle.Dr. and tMrs. Frak Fithian, Mr. andMrs. James Thompson, Mr. and Mrs.Swift Champ, Mrs." G. C. Thompson,I 7Cr rf",l TJn inTf Tkfl. s r nfie kj -l-lilia. iu.iic xiaicj, uxj., auu iuib, jio-jIn order to run off our large stock oflard, we will offer for his week ouly:50 pounds Home Made Lard for $6.0010 pounds Home-Made Lard for $1.30.These prices are for cash only.22-2t BALDWIN BROS.BROS.EDISON'S TALKINGAT THE GRANDPICTURESWEDNESDAY.Oldest Fair in the State !67th Annual Fair of theBourbon CountycAgricultural SocietyAUGUST5BIG Days 519, 20, 21 9 22,23, 1913.The Program this year is decidedly the bestever offered in all its history. Write for Catalog,Littlejohn's Big United Showswill furnish the attractions for the Midway. Twentyclean attractions.High Dive and Balloon AscensionEvery Day.Write to the undersigned for entry blanks andinformation.IJOHN S.WIGGINS,SecretaryrEdison's Kinteophone will be at theParis Grand Wednesday, July 23. Theelectrical wizard has been at work onthe "talking pictures" for a number ofyears and i was only when he wasassured of absolute perfection that hewould allow it to be presented tothe amusement world. It is said thathe has surpassed his own wonder record of electric light, phonograph, Huroscope, kineoscope and countless other marvels by his latest magical invention, the Kinetophone. Certainlythe press of the country everywherethese talking pictures . have beenshown, is universal in its praise.The large program which will begiven here combines musical comedy,drama, vaudeville and special featurenumbers, and consumes two hours inthe showing.J. T. HINTONTHIS WEEK ONLY.lard,-we will offer for his week ouly:In order to run off our large stock of10 pounds Home-Made Lard for $1.30.These prices are for cash only.22-2t BALDWIN BROS.YOU WILL BE PLEASED.Get shoe satisfaction(18-tf)by traing atFELD'S.DAMAGEDBY CYCLONEtSMattressesLAST WEEK OF SALE.Don't forget! Our July ClearancSale closes Saturday, July, 26th.HARRY SIMON.TORNADO INSURANCE. Tornado and HailInsurance. We represent the best companies.. Thomas & Woodford- Slightly .Damagedat Your Own PriceNothing Hurt but the Cover SlightlySoiled.yAT SACRIFICE PRICES.This is a great chance to buy goodsClearance Sale is" going on.HARRY SIMON.There is a greet deal of satisfactionin knowing-that you can keep cooland comfortable during the summermonths by using some of the conven4ent electrical appliances. No matterhow sultry or fagging the heat, yourhome will be cool and delightful ityou own an electric fan. With an electric iron you can work in comfort.Don' let another ironing day passwithout an electric iron. Phone foront to be sent on two weeks freetrial. If your home is not electricwired, see the Electric Company abouthaving the work done AT COST onthe monthly payment plan.For the Cash you can get one ofthe best bargains in this lineoffered in Paris.everJ. T. MINTOftWood MantelsSA'VES YOU MONEYUndertakingAmbulance:IjitftM--Mr-Mrtnw. Clifct 4 m!-9atATHE' BOURBON. NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 22 1913.XI fasmromnnromJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDLIVEPROFITABLE WEIGHT OF PIGSGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!m&'TRE J9B R00ffiS OFTHEBHRBNHe wsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asExperiments Prove Conclusively ThatAnimal Should Never Be Fed AfterNine Months Old.Experiments made for the purposeof determining the economic weightof a pig show conclusively that benever should be fed beyond eight ornine months old. and the largest profitis found, as a rule, in a eight not exceeding 200 pounds. What is knownas the food of support, says a writerir the Farm and Home, plays a veryimportant part in the pro'fit and lossot large weights.Suppose, as many farmers say, thata pig is not to be killed until hereaches 300pounds. He must takefrom his food an increasing amounteach day to support or maintain theweight already gained, or else hedrops back. The experiments indicate that two per cent, of the liveweight in .food must be taken eachday to support that live weight.If the animal weighs 300 poundsthis amounts to six pounds of fooddaily, or over 40 pounds per week,and as the only profit is the food thatis applied to make new weight, it results that over 40 pounds of food areconsumed per week from which noprofit whatever is reaped. It followsthat the more money can be madefrom young hogs killed at a mediumweightUQURNEY IN 110Experience of American Coupleat Hands of Rebels.'M. B. Felsor and His Bride Relievedof Automobile and Horses Are; Forced to Travel MilesThrough Trackless Country.OVERFEED HORSES WITH HAYBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.If Stomach Is Kept Full of Bulky FoodExtra Work Is Imposed onRespiratory System.Too much hay fed to the farm horsois an injury and often lessens hisworking efficiency, according to theOregon experiment station. Everytime a horse inflates his lungs thestomach is displaced, and if this organ is kept full of bulky food extraAork is imposed on the respiratorysystem. Heaves, colic and other formsof indigestion are often due to thisca-io. There is also a waste thatshould be conserved.A horse weighing 1,000 pounds willdo more work and keep in betterhealth on 15 pounds of hay daily thanon 20 pounds. Feed him ten poundsat night and five pounds in the morning and he will perform more laborwith greater ease than he would ifhay were kept before him all thetime.A horse weighing 1,500 to 1.S00pounds does not need more than 20pounds of hay a day, and the rest ofhis nutriment shbuld be grain.SZS USEFUL FOR RINGING SWINEDevice Constructed on Plan of Dehorning Chute Will Hold Hogsof Different Sizes.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two -of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.My hog holder is made on the planof a dehorning chute and is the bestI have yet seen. It will hold a 30pound pig or a 400-pound hog equallywell, at ringing time, writes W. C.Buffi ington of Guedo Springs, Kan.,in the Farmers Mail and Breeze. Theframe is made of 2 by 4's bolted together at top and bottom. The levermay be shifted at the bottom to fitrrit- r jJLjjJ!"3yiJFor Holding Hogs.large or small hogs' heads. The open-,ing in the lever and frame, which isclosed over the -hog's neck, is eightinches from the base. The handle isnotched at its upper end into which ashort piece of 2 by 4 catches to holdthe lever in place when an animal Iscaught. This piece is hinged to theframe.Cbe Bourbon news,104 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.SiUUWWUiiUWikSLlVtSTOCNotesTut vSan Antonio, Tex. M. B. Telsor andhis bride are in the remote borderiown of Boquillas, resting from astrenuous 'trip of 2G0 miles through'the mountainous portion of northern.Mexico, which they made to escapedeath at the hands of outlaws.; Mr. Telsor was manager of a ranchon the plateau known as Llano de losiCristianos, more than 300 miles fromthe nearest railroad point He is an'American. "While on a visit to SanAntonio, Tex., several weeks ago hemarried Miss Dora Seltrous. The'young lady was reared on a ranch inwestern Texas, and when her husbandsuggested that she remain with herparents in San Antonio pending an improvement of conditions in Mexico shetold Mr. Telsor that nothing would delight her more than to be with himupon tke remote Mexican ranch amongquiet surroundings."Our troubles began shortly afterwe crossed the 'Rio Grande at EagletPass on our way to the ranch," saidMr. Telsor. "On ray way out of thecountry I had left my motor car atEagle Pass and my wife and I startedito the ranch in it. "We were belowthe boundary line, when we were heldup by a ragged Mexican and a numberof peons, who informed us they wereconstitutionalists., The leader said he would have tocommandeer my automobile. He confiscated it, giving me a receipt for itsvalue, the sum to be paid when theconstitutionalists get control of thegovernment. I made vigorous protestagainst the proceedings, threatening tobring down the wrath of he UnitedStates government upon their heads.They only laughed and shrugged theirshoulders. I finally managed to enlisttheir sympathy enough to get them toprovide us with two horses with whichto continue our journey. On the fifthday a troop of 20 armed men surrounded our hutf.: "I knew the desperate character ofmany of the border Mexicans andwhat I worst feared was an attempton the part of the band to carry offmy bride. It looked like serioustrouble when three of the Mexicansdismounted and stood in a group discussing the situation in low tones.They had already taken possession ofour two horses and saddles. "Withtheir rifles in their hands the threemen walked to the door and peeredinside. "When the intruders saw usthey removed their hats and bowedin the courteous manner that is common to all Mexicans. They are politeeven when about to commit murder."In a quiet, polite way, the Mexicans told me the constitutionalistswere in need of horses and money."Would I and my beautiful lady pleasedeliver over to them what money wehad and also turn over our horsesfor the good of the cause?"The argument I made was useless."We were made to comply with the demands of the rebels, or outlaws, whichever they were, and were glad nothing worse had happened to us. Wewere left stranded in a desolate region, without money or means of traveling, except on foot I asked thesheep herder if there were any cattleranches in the neighborhood. To ourdelight, he informed us that theranch of Bill Blocker, an American,was only 15 miles away."We set out next morning on footto the Blocker ranch. It took us allday to get to the ranch, where wewere welcomed by one of the Blockerboys. We were given two horses anda Mexican guide, and on the third daymy wife and I resumed our journey tothe ranch, 75 miles distant."It was a terrible journey, lastingmany nights and many days. It wasthrough an almost trackless country.For days at a time our only sustenance was the juice and roots of cactus plants and wild berries. We sleptupon the ground without covering. Icannot tell you how happy we werewhen we struck a Mexical jacal, justthe other side of the Rio Grande, andlater were brought to this side of theriver and then to Boquillas."Curtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AllHoursi Per Cent IntermitPaid On TimevDepositsYour Deposits Are GuaranteedYOU TAKE NO HISKSIf You Are InterestedWrite UsNo Long Waits.A Share of the Publicronage Solicited.Pat-pigs should be changed to fresh pasture frequently.Now is the time to get cheap gainson the spring pigs.Be sure there is plenty of fresh water in every pasture.Look out for the ewes. Good ewesare good "property, always.Live stock on the farm will turn unmarketable feeds into money.Every care should be taken to getthe lambs to start eating grain.If you want to have peace of mind,fix up the fence around the sheeppasture.There is nothing like a cement hogwallow to keep the hogcontented andcomfortable In hot weather.If young-pigs become blistered bythe hot sun, grease their backs andput them in a shady pasture.Inbreeding is dangerous with alltypea of farm stock. It always paysto get new and vigorous blood.If you are buying a horse, get himorv a slow trot Then, if ever ke willshow any lameness he may have.A close watch should be kept uponall ewes with young lambs, to avoidlose by -setbacks 'in lamb growth." .-RANCHMAN DIES IN P0STH0LECalifornlan Falls Into Excavation andIs Suffocated, Being Unable toExtricate Himself.Stockton, Cal. Romaln Moll, awealthy rancher of this county, met anunusual and tragic death.Moll and his foreman returned, tohis ranch near Escalon after attending to business matters in Stockton.Moll started to walk to Escaion. Hecut "across the fields and while walking near the Tidewater & Southernrailroad stumbled over a mound jtdirt and fell head first Into a posthole. The hole was about two feet wideand six feet deep. Moll was unable toget out and was suffocated.His body was found by a sectioncrew. The men noticed a little dogstanding on the tnack. They followedtie dog, which took them to the placewhere his master had met his death.NWBARBERSHOPWindsor Hotel.Garage for Baby Carriages.Philadelphia. To insure the regular attendance of mothers and fathers, -the Henry Disston Memorial,church here is building a garage forbaby carriages. "Modern Equipment,PolitelService.ONION STATE BANEMuskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000Fully PaidFor Sale.No. 1 8-horse power FairbanksMorse gas or gasoline engine. Apply;to PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.24-2tProfessional CardsEverything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDjifMiSpecial Rates & Excursions.Eucursionfto Cincinnati, Ohio,and returnSunday, July 27Dr. Wm. KenneyvPARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones j!1J36.136.ResidenceHome 334.J J. WmLIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Building. 'K. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician.Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis, - - Kentuckjii uM iU HTIFF1:am wattou33BiiWThis train leaves Paris at 7:50 a.m., arriving Cincinnati 10:30 a.m., returning leaves Fourth St.station, Cincinnati, at 7 p. m.Tickets good on special trainonly.Low round-trip Summer Tourist tickets to all Summer resortsin the North and Northwest onsale May 15 to Sept. 30. Finallimit date 31, 1913, with liberalstop-over privileges.For further information, callon or address.W. H. HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, T. A.ONEBOPdown the throat of a "zapey"chicken destroys the worms?and saves the chick's life. Afew drops in the drinking waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPES-white diarrhoea, roup, choleraand other chick diseases.One 50c Bottle ofBourbonPoultryCureMakes 12 Gallons of Medicine.Every poultry raiser should keep a bottle oSthis medicine on hand. Write for free sampledand Booklet on "Diseases of Fowls." Address!BOURBON REMEDY COMPANY, Lexington, K. jQFor Sale by W. T. Brooks-L. 5c N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT MAY 4, 1913Trains ArriveNo. FROM34 Atlanta, Ga.. Daiiy 5.21 am134 Lexington. Ky.s Daily -. 5.18am;29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .. 7.35 am.7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.40 am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.22am37 Cincinnati, O., Duily 9.50 am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 am12 Lexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 am33 Cincinnati, G. Daily 10.24 am.26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 m25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pm.9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pm138 Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.33 pm38 Knoxville': Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pm5 Maysville, Ky. , Daily 5.35 pm39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday .. 5 50 pm30 Lexington, Ky., Daily ? 6,06 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 am32 Jacksonville. Fla., Daily 6.18 pmJ i un t3i, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrains IDe-partNo. TO34 Cincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 am4 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 5.35- am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 7.47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily'Except Sunday 7.50 am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7 50 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn. , Daily 9.55 am-33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.30m-133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10.29 am-6 Maysville, K., Daily 12.05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday , , 12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.b3 pm38 Cincinnati, O. , Daily y 3.4o pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday I v. . - 5.5G pm39 Lexington, Ely. . Daily Except Sunday v . : - .5.58 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily. . ;. . .. . . . 6.23 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.20 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.35 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.55 pm31 AtlantaGa. , Daily 10.57 pmIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trains .Arrive-No. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except,Sunda 7:44 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 3.30 pm8 Louisville oc ijTanKiort, Daily Jjixcepc Sunday -. .o.pu pmTrains IDe;part!n: to . v37 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday . . . . . JiAA an- 1 Frankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday ..T . A9.53am, . 1 Frankfort, Ky Daily "Except Sunj v .. ;.C. . . .5.54pm-kJSKflTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., JULY 22 1913W. N. BarkleyMrs. W. N. BarkleyUnsightly Grey and Faded HairWhy not have beautiful, dark, glossy,natural colored hair, full of life andbeauty keep yourself young looking.and fascinating? Its so easy andsimple to do if you will get a bottle ofHay's Hair Health today. You'll noticea change after one or two applicationshow quickly the grey hairs vanish-low glossy, full of life and vitalityHay's Hair Health will keep your hair.Don't waste time, get a bottle today!TTour druggist is selling more Hay'sHair Health than all others, becausele knows it's the most satisfactory,the nicest and cleanest to use andTeally does restore color to grey hair.Free: Sign this adv. and take it to thefollowing druggists and get a 50c. bottle of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.ake of Harfina Soap for 50c; or $1.00fcottle of Hay's Hair Health and two-25c. cakes of Harfina Soap Free, for ?1.L. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky...Woman's Exchange & Cafe112 N. Upper Street,Lexington, KentuckyHome-made Cakes, Breads, Pies, Candies, Croquetts, Salads, Pickles, ChowChsw, Ftc., received fresh daily.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Supper; also lunches and short orders at allhours with the best the market affords.(28mar6mo)per FMLOMS!GeilL W to $100,000W. KING & SON,125 Cheapsldc, Lexington. Ky.mV 1bthe Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important in thehome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by getting the oil that burnsclear and clean -without a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Costs no more than the Inferiortankwagon oils saves MONEY savesWORK saves eyes.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Clias. C. Stoll Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "No Carb"Auto OiLxffijjjjjaHjfv amalgamated ARCNo matter whether the thermometerregisters 105 above or 25 below zero,J Amalgamated Arc Roofingcan't be affected a particle.No matter the curves or valleys ofyour roof you need no tin to coverthem, for Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGis very pliable. It is the Perfect Roofing,and the insurance rate is no higher thanwhen slate or metal is used.We authorize our agents to refund tho moneyif our Roofing is not perfectly satisfactory.AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO.Chicago, IllinoisSold by IVISlIersburg Coal andLumber Co.,Miflersburg, Ky.iis Margaret K. Caden,210 M aim Street, Lexington, Ky.Special Display ofI . . . Summer Hats . .Moderate Prides$3mm3m9m.mmmmmm4ftmm9mrsKwI III 1111 111I'lifnilA. M. Caden' 210W. Main St,LEXINGTON, KY.999GDo the women inyour city knowwe specialize in ImLA FROThe Perfect FrontTraced Corset?99999999999999999BULL DIES HEROIC DEATHCharges J. Jensen's 'Auto in NorthDakota While the Herd Fleesin Terror.Beach, N. D. A rangy, red grassfed bull, with a wicked eye in hisbroad head, pawed the prairie androared a challenge in response to thebugling of J. Jensen's auto horn. Presently the wicked eye located the machine, which was coming the bull'sway at 40 miles an hour, raising muchdust.The cows and calves galloped forsafety, but the red bull knew his duty.Down the road he thundered, tail inair. Mr. Jensen shut his eyes andhung to the steering wheel. The bullclosed his eyes also as his mightyskull banged the radiator. He doubledup on himself and was pitched to theroadside, where he kicked out once ortwice, and lay still.The cows and calves low in vain fortheir protector, and Mr. Jensen hassent away for a new radiator.CONWAY ACQUIRES NEAT ROLLTicket Agent Who Collected RefundChecks Is Rewarded by SupremeCourt Ruling.La Fro$1.50 lip:ooHHMMMINMMt Pans Odorless Cleaning Co.:Men's and Ladies' Suits Cleaned,Pressed and Repaired.Ladies' Serge White Suits and Fancy Silks' our specialty.Ail Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andKeblocked to your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, rshort, 10c; long 25c.iNaMiNHMNHuntington, W. Va. When theUnited States Supreme court sustained a two-cent gassenger fare law ofVest Virginia it virtually placed inthe pocket of John J. Conway of thisplace approximately $5,000.When' the law was enacted by theWest Virginia legislature, in 1911, therailroads appealed to the courts andcontinued to charge three cents amile, giving passengers coupons entitling them to a rebate of one centa mile if the courts decided the. twocent law was constitutional.Conway, who was a Chesapeake &Ohio railroad ticket agent, noticed thatmany persons threw the coupons away,and realizing that they may some daybe good, he began collecting them. Thedecision found him with about $5,000worth of perfectly good coupons in hispossession.PENCE FROM QUEEN'S HANDSMary of England Revives an AncientCustom on Way to the"Derby."London. A custom that had almostbeen forgotten was revived by QueenMary when on her way with the kingIBinnirnnnririnminrriciriiim "inb mimtmittttMtMI&rPence From the Queen.to the "Derby" at Epsom Downs. Shecast pennies in the wake of the carriage. ' Children and their elders engaged in a wild scramble in an attempt to become the proud owners ofsuch doveted souvenirs as the pencefrom the queen.YOUNG BRIDE SUES PARENTSWife of Seventeen Years Takes Playthings of Childhood to VlerNew Home.Denver, Colo. "Three dolls and ateddy bear."As Constable Sain C. Dorsey of Justice Rice's court called off these articles from a long list of children'splaythings, Edith V. Chase, a seventeen-year-oldbride, sorted them froma pile" heaped high in the outer office.She was to take them to her homeher new home following a decision ofthe court in a replevin action that shewas entitled to the playthings of herchildhood, even though her parents,Mr. and Mrs. H. 'A. Willis, attemptedto retain them' when their daughterbecame the wife of S. L. Chase, sonof Adjutant General Chase, last December. The marriage was objected to because of the girl's tenderyears.Other things is the lot were a littlej red wagon, a post card with soldierbuttons on it, a magic lantern, oneschool cook-book, two skirts for adoll, one picture of Cupid, and otherthings, with a value only to theone who has possessed them in childhood.Orange Restores Man's Memory.New York. Found wandering aimlessly about the streets of BrooklynChauncey Rogers, fifty-seven-, of WestOrange, N. J., was unable to remember hiB name or address. As he entered the police station he spied anorange on the lieutenant's desk."Orange," he said. "Ah! x That's it,where I live." Further investigationconfirmed his discovery.r,Truck Replaced Three Teams&a -s In eleven months this three-ton KisselKar Truck covered in actual service4,760 miles at a fuel cost of $1.08 per day. Manned by a driver and one helper,it replaced three teams of horses. The average daily burden was 37 17.20thstons. It carried an average load of four tons one ton overload but in the entire period named, was laid up only two and one-half hours for repairs. :"We can recommend the KisselKar Truck and assure that it lives up to itsguarantee," writes Thomas E. Fleischer, manager of the Sheboygan LimeWorks.Two and one-half hours for repairs, carrying over 37 tons per day is a record worthyof notice. KisselKar Trucks cost little to maintain and are economical to operate becausethe problem is solved in KisselKar construction.Note these striking KisselKar features Simple engine easy to operate reserve rowerexcess capacity differential lock preventing one drive wheel absorbing all the power onslippery places, and stalling the truck four speed transmitters geared up fourth speedpermitting high speed when desired without racing engine ; 15 to 20 per cent, lower fuelconsumption than average trucks light spring suspension for power plant, heavy springsuspension for load gauge that weighs load greatest accessibility easy control largerbrake drums, and extra powerful brakes special bodies designed to meet every need.JCiSselJCar TJruck1 500 Ibs.-1 -2-3-4 and 5 TonsIn the range of capacity, 1500 lbs. to 5 tons, you can find just the type that fills yourrequirements and with the KisselKar Truck goes the KisselKar Service, which is themanufacturer's guarantee of satisfaction.KisselKar Service means taking off your hands all of the mechanical details.A special service building is maintained in this city for the benefit of KisselKar owners.The KisselKar service is a broad and comprehensive arrangement between manufacturer andowners that cares for the car, maintains efficiency, retards depreciation and minimizes upkeep. This service is a valuable consideration in the purchase of a power wagon. Investigate it.Ask us to analyze your present horse haulage ss compared to motor haulage. The result will be interesting.Send for free book showing KisselKar Trucks in actual use in your line and many otherlines of business. $&&&The Following Lines of Business Have RecentlyBought Kissel-Kar TrucksIron and Steel, Lumber, Textile, Milling, Giocery, Dry Goods, Dairy, Furniture, Fruit, Commission, Transfer, Bus, Hotel, Caterer. Brewery, Building Supplies, Contracting, Plumbing, Canning, Oil, Telephone,laundry, Bakery, Confectionery, Ice, Coal, Farming, Hardware, Ice Cream, Creamery, Produce, Crockery, Undertaking and to municipalities in Fire, Health and Police departments. We make them to suit theneeds of any business.Phone 21 05.LO. R. HUKLE,51 3 West Main Street, Lexington,sI IJLow Special RatesN.Open to YOU a safe year around Cream Market at the Highest Creamer'-Butter price for '.he Butter Fat, 27c. being the lowest price to date thisyear, and 38c. the highest quotation of the winter months.Sell Us Your CreamCut down your work Put on more cows Increase the fertility ofyour soil and raise a Cash Crop.'&Spot CashIs paid for veery shipment giving a steady year around income from thesale of Butter Fat.Shipments of Cream should be made at least twice a week duringthe summer and every four or five days in the winter, and the railwaycompanies have low special baggage rates for handling cream.Write for free trial cans today or ship in your own cans.The Tri-State Butter Company,Cincinnati, Ohio,M. A. CAHAL.Barber Shop.First-Class Workmen.Polite and Prompt Attentionto AH.Hot and Cold BathsWe Thank You For a Share ofYourJPatronage.M ,Pony For Sale.Extra nice Shetland pony, gentle foechildren. Broke to ride and driTSHe is a two-year-old and a well madanimal. The price is right.L. T .LILLESTON,july3-3t Paris, Ky.Capital Stock $75,0005,000 Shippers in 3 StatevWhen you feetzrt:vous, tired, worried or despondent it isa.sure sign you need MOTT'S NERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normal igoramimake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMott's Nerverine Pills ffSfiWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Prooi., rUvid. OKaL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris Ky...Pittsburgh Perfect" FenceMay Lose Life Through Mistake: 'Ossining, N. Y. Anxious to rid himself of a corn, George Crawford ofthis town visited a doctor, who toldhim to dissolve a bichloride of mer-tcury tablet In water and' bathe thecorn. Crawford, misunderstood in-.structions and swallowed, the poison; 111Look For THE WELD THAT HELDBecause the joints in "PittsburghPerfect" are welded by electricity, youcan pick it out first pop. Examine a weldthe galvanizing piled thickly around thejoint affords double protection here.Heat a weld white hot, then try toseparate the wires. You can't. This isthe only permanent dependable joint.'Pittsburgh Perfect" looks better, isstrung in less time with less labor, and,AS MADE TO-DAY from our ownspecial Open Hearth Wire, is stronger,lasts longer and gives more satisfactionthan any other. Don't spend your fencemoney invest it. Read our catalogue,investigate, then decide.Made in Different Styles for HELD, FARM, RANCH, LAWN, 17-.-.-- 1J PnqvQTifo1CHICKEN, POULTRY and RABBIT YARD and GARDEN l-Very XV OQ VlUardniCCUAsk your dealer for "Pittsburgh Perfect" and insist on his furnishing it. Do not allow him to persuadeyou that some other fence is just as good. If he doesn't sell it, writ us direct."PitUburgh Perfect" Brand of Barbed Wke:Bright. Annealed & Galvanized Wire; TwittedCable Wire; Hard Spring- Coil Wire; FenceStaples; Poultry Netting Staples; Regular WkeNails; Galvanized Wire Nails; Large HeadRoofing Nails; Single Loop Bale Ties; Pittsburgh Perfect" Fencing. AH made of OpenHearth material.If yon axe interested m Wire Fendn. writefor FREE copy of owe ALMANAC 1913Pittsburgh Steel Co.Pfetshargh, Fmmyhnxim.PHe mays die. m -S)wWflEKBy1HL BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 22, 1913: Itm,xPublic AuctionQUARTER MILLION LOSS(Continued From Page One.)OF FINENELSON COUNTY FARM.WILL BE HELD ON THE PREMISESWednesday, flnoust 6, 1913.rAT 10:30 O'CLOCK A. M.. The heirs at law of the late Dr. Orion N. Cox havedecided to offer at public sale the magnificent Cox homestead, at Cox's Creek, Ky. This farm contains about 235acres of fine bluegrass land, every foot of which js tillable,and has been rested for several years, so that it is' practically all in grass. It is an ideal stock farm, well wateredand improved. There is a splendid 8 room house that isin fine condition, as well as other outbuildidgs.This farm lies on the Central Lincoln Way, convenientto churches, schools and railroads; is bordered ' by threeturnpike roads, and directly on the surveys for the electric-road from Louisville to Bardstown. The community is anexcellent one and this farm a fine investment. It will be- offered first in three separate tracts and then as a whole.Write or call on H. R. Cox, Bardstown, Ky., or J. TylerDavis, 41 6 Equitable Building, Louisville, for further information. Terms made known orTday of sale.Don't Forget the Date, Wednesday,August 6, 1913.lady clerks in the store of Frank &Co. became panic stricken when theroof was blown from. he buildingand hurled with great force intoFourth street, impeding traffic andand damaging adjoining property.The property is owned by Mrs. MollieRoche, who suffered a considerableloss. Accordfng to a rough estimate,the damage to the stock of goods ofFrank & Co., ogether with than sustained to the building will amount to$15,000.Another heavy loser is Mayor J.T. Hinton, whose immense furniturestore at the corner of Main and Sixthstreet was unroofed and his entirestock of furniture almost ruined bywater. All of thegoods on the firstfloor tht could be easly handled wastaken to the building of Mr. Ed. Tucker, across the street where it was stored until the damage can be repairedThe heaviest loss was sustained inthe carpet department, where thousands of dollars worth of carpets weredamaged by the water.The building occupied by Clarke &Co., and owned by Mr. Hinton, wasstripped from its roof from the frontto the rear of the building. The forceof the heavy wind carried the raftersof the structure, which were piled puin great heaps in the rear yard.Mr. Robet Frank, a member ofthe firm of Frank & Co., had a narrowescape from death or serious injury,when he was struck on the head by apiece of flying timber. Mr. Frank,thinking the storni would -be severe,attempted to reach his home on Highstreet, when the storm was at itsheight. In, front of Dr. D. B. Anderson's office a piece of falling timberstruck him on the head. He waspartly stunned by the blow,-but wasable to proceed in the blinding rainto his home.Another miraculous escape is reported. C. T. Fightmaster, who resides onFourth street, was seated at a windowat his home, when he received a telephone call. He went to answer thecall, and when few feet from thewindow, a chimney came crushingthrough.The stable" occupied by Mr. J. TJ.Boardman on Bank Row, -was unroofedby the wind, and blown into the rearyard of the Kentuckian-Citizen officecausing considerable damage to adjoining property. Bricks were hurledthrough the roofs of the two smallerbuildings adjoining.The property of J. F. Weatherall,STORM INSURANCETornado and HailInsurance. Nothingbut the best companies represented.Bedford & Bryan,Of f ice Peoples Bank.Few Live to Advanced Age.Considering the entire earth, aboutone person in one hundred lives to besixty-five years of age.opposite the Elks' building was badly,damaged by the wind. The root wastorn off and the front of the buildingfrom the windows of the second storyblown in.The loss of a number of horses wasnarrowly averted when a section ofthe stable of Thomas. Morris, on Pleasant street collapsed. Several horseswere hitched in this portion of thebuilding whiph was constructed ofwood and brick. This section collapsed and the animals were pinioned beneat the debris. Five of the horseswere rescued without much difficulty,while a fine gelding belonging to JohnBrophy was so badly injured that ithad to be destroyed.Pleasant street from Sixth toTwelfth was covered with branches oftrees that had blown across the thoroughfare, while Walker's avenue, onthe highest point in the city, wasblocked by a score of telephone polesthat were snapped off at the groundand blown across the street. The roofof many residences in this part of thecity were badly damaged and manychimneys blown off.Great excitement prevailed for atinie in the grocery store of T. C.Lenihan at the corner of Main andEighth streets. The store furnished arefuge for a number of pedstriansamong whom were several ladies.When the tin roof from the buildingof Stuart & O'Brien, directly oppositewas blown off it was hurled with greatforce across the street in front of thegrocery store. Two women faintedfrom fright, while others thinking thebuilding in which they had taken refuge was being blown to pieces attempted to force their way through thedoorway into the street, and it waswith great difficulty that those who retained their composure to restrainthem.The building occupied by C. S. Goldstein was damaged to a considerableextent when the roof was blown offand his stock of goods was almostcompletely ruined by water. A largeglass in the store of Mr. Harry Simonwas broken. Miss Jessie Brown suffered considerable damage to herher stock of embroidery goods.The residence of Dr. Frank Fithianon Houston avenue was struck bylightning and caught fire, but the immense volume of water which accomanied the storm extinguished the blaze.Hundreds of beautiful shade treestrees throughout the city were blowndown, or stripped Of- their foliaage.Three of the" heaviest losers in thestorm were the Cumberland TelephoneCo., the Bourbon Home Telephone Co.and the Paris Gas & Electric" Co.More than one-hahlf of the elephonesin the city have been put out of commission as a result of the lines beingblown down. A large force of menare now employed in reairing the damage. The city was without streetlights Saturday night from the factthat it was considered unsafe to turnon the current with so many of theelectric wires down or crossed withbroken telephone wires. Extra workmen were employed all of Sunday ingetting the lines in shape to turn onthe curent.While the loss in the city will gofar into the thousands, it is nothing ascompared with those sustained by thefarmers of the county. From reportsreceived, more than fifty tobaccobarns in the county were demolishedby the high wind and crops sufferedv.. ..A- ISlG-oi:n.ec On SARK DOWINTowWe Arc Compelled To Unload at Once!Our Store in crowded with Summer Footwear and rather than the risk ofcarrying these goods over to next season, we have decided to resort to thisgreat sacrifice sale. We are going to make this sale a record breaker.Of course it takes bargains, great, big rousing bargains to bring a crowd,and this is just what we have to offer. Read the prices that follow:Misses. and Children s $2.50 values in button oxfords and two-straps, patent andgun metal. Mark-down PriceO IU UUUUU UJL-$1.69Misses' $1 .50 patent, tan, white and gun Ckmetal pumps. Mark-down Price iyr CChildren's $2.00 pumps.Mark-down Price ..$1.39Infant's and Children's pumps and oxfordsin patent and tan, $1 values, sizes 2 to 7 MMark-down Price fr GLadies' $3 values, all latest style pumps and oxfordsin velvets, satin, tan and gun metaland white, the very best valuesmade. Mark-down PriceMen's $4 Oxfords, tan, patent and gun metal,Walk-Over included.Mark-down Price$2.95Men's $3.50 Oxfords, in patent, gun metaland tan. Ct Jk tMark-down Price frmmm "t?Men's $3 Oxfords in tan, patent and gun metal.Latest styles.Mark-down Price-nemMeM's $2.50 Oxfords in button andlace. Mark-down Price$99w Ih4PMisses' barefoot sandals, all sizes. Now. 4-CiLadies' $3.50 values, all popular leathers and fabrics, in pumps and oxl ords, button iS 4 f JifaiV?and lace. Mark-down PriceLadies" $2 and $2.50 grades two-strap pumps andoxfords in velvet and gun metal. 3 f ,Mark- down Price 1. 52? 5 C?Ladies' $2 pumps and oxfords in patent, vxa metaland white pumps.Mark-down PriceLadies' white canvas button shoes.Mark-down PriceOne lot of Men's Oxfords, broken sizes,$2 and $3 values. Mark-down PriceCOne lot small sizes ladies' oxfordsMark-down Pricerffen r ii rimEON"i 2D .A. 3ST COm t vct$1 .4950 Iiwmmmammrj4'Until a short time ago, scarcelyone person in a thousand hadever tasted a really good sodacracker-as it came fresh andcrisp from the oven.! "Now everybody can know andenjoy the crisp goodness offresh baked soda crackers without going: to the baker's oven.Uneeda Biscuit bring the bakery to you.A food to live on. Stamina for workers. Strength for the delicate. Givethem to the little folks. Five cents.NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANYboth from wind and hail. In somesections of the county the losses willbe comparatively light, while in others it cannot be estimatedHail fell in the vicinity of NorthMiddletown," destroying tobacco bythe acre. On the farm of Mr. BriceSteele twenty-four acres of tobaccowas riddled by the hailstones and alarge portion of a crop of one hundredand ninety acres of corn leveled tothhe ground. Will Wornall also suffered considerable from the fall ofhail, which almost completely destroyed his tobacco crop. Other reportsfrom his section of the county are tothe effect that the damage cannot beestimated. Following is a partial listof those who sustained damage:Dr. Frank Fithian's manhnoth tobacco barn in East Paris; SteeleMarsh's tobacco barn two miles northof Paris, on the Maysville pike; JohnWoodford's $1,200 tobacco barn wasentirely destroyed full of machinery;H. H. Hancock lost two tobacco barnsand one silo; Charlton Clay, one newstock barn and silo just completed,jon Winchester pike; Mr. Plummerone tobacco barn on Clintonville pike,near Paris; Mrs. Robert Talbott, tobacco barn on Georgetown pike; W. D.Peed's tobacco barn on the Cynthianapike, foru miles north of Paris. Thisbarn was 360 feet long by 44 feetwide, and said to be the largest barnever built in Bourbon county.Tobacco barn on John Roseberry'sfarm on the Little Rock pike; B. B;Marsh's house unroofed and barnblown down; Sidney Ardery's barn onthe Clay & Kiser pike; house on Geo.Rassenfoss' place; John M. Clay'sbarn; also George Burberry's, A. D.Leach, Vol Ferguson, C. M. Clay, J. S.Roberts, James Smelser, ReynoldsLetton, Wm. Becraft, Frank White'ssilo, Doc Riffitt, James W. Ferguson,John Toohey, Dr. W. C. TJssery,Green Leer, Lindsay Stuart, WillClark, Price Johnson's silo and barn,Thomas Nichols, Mrs. Nellie Highland,Frank P. Clay all lost barns.F. P. Clay, large barn blown down;Bourbon Packing plant roof and sidewall damaged; J. L. Leach, chimneysblown off of dwelling and windowsblown out; Mrs. B. L. Harris, chimneyblown off and roof damaged; Mm.Hehr chimney blown off dwelling androof damaged; Mrs. Kate Clarke, tobacco barn badly damaged; T. F.Flora, chimney blown off and roof ofdwelling damaged; B. M. Wheeler,chimney blown off, roof damagedand windows blown out; Wm. Wornall, ione barn blown off foundation andpletely destroyed; T. J. Day, 16 acresof tobacco; D. L. Leggett , 7 acres ofluuauw, juaa. jcisutu, v uueb Ut IU- ppis No 4uauuu; u. u. wagoner, nve ana onedozen tobacso barns, unroofed housesin Nicholas and lightning struck theresidence of Jacob Snapp, a farmer,killing his daughter, Etta, .aged 18years. Hail did much damage to corn,wheat and tobacco.JOE ROY IS STABBED "BY A NEGRO WOMAN.Joe Roy, a negro blacksmith at theconsruction camp of Duane & Carlan,near Austerlitz, this county, was badlystabbed in the arm early Sunday morning by Lizzie Mitchell, a negress.The man was taken to Good Samaritan Hospital in Lexington aboutnoon Sunday and it is believed his armmay have to be amputated.The negress was arrested andbrought to this city and lodged in jail.Before medical aid could be securedRoy came 'near bleeding to death.It is reported the woman killed anegro with whom she was living inTennessee several -weeks ago. Theauthorities are investigating.CHANCE TO SECURE ANATTRACTIVE HOME.The auction sale of Prof. Chapman's residence on Houston avenue,on Waednesday, July 30fh, at 2 p. m.,is an opportunity for some one to secure a handsome home. Don't forgetthe date. Any one wishing to see theproperty will please call on Harris &Speakes. 22-2 1TORNADO INSURANCE. Tornado and HarilInsurance. We represent the best compa.nies.Thomas Ss. WoodfordDEMOCRATS MAKE BIG GAININ SPECIAL REGISTRATION.The special registration under thenew primary law was held Saturdayat the court house by County ClerkPearce Paton. A total of 305 voterswho were unregistered and who secured transfers from one city precinct toanother made application to the County Clerk. Of the total number registered 296 were Democrats, 7 Republicans and two Progressives. Thhe folcans and two Pogressives. The folDem. Rep. Poo-.Pans No. 1 32Pris No. 2 94Paris No. 3 ....38..I 69Total 296BOURBON HORSES WININ MONTREAL1 00 X0 01 14 017 2RACES."Paric ATr K 9QV.,.1 i n j j i - " " ' t UJ"fl aV U1XTIU,T: t u?iuaseu uy paris No. 6 24hail; Mrs. Nelie Highland, roof ofdwelling damaged and roof completely blown off barn. xPersons arriving in this city Sat-'urday afternoon reported the roads al- jmost impassable for the trees that had 'been blown down and overlapped the M j w Bacon received a mes.tnfnr; ntlM to sage Saturday from his brohther, W.town were compelled to cut their way I A -RQnriT1 f wosnnn n . rthrough. Several were caught in the thr ? iS V LJI t' ' fcstorm and forced to seek shelter from i at Pesent in Montreal withthe elements. ihl.s s.table "ers, telling him ofmiming wilu ms twu nurses, .reierEdgar McClintocc, son of Mr. BertMcClintock, of Millersburg, was enroute to Paris for a wagon load of icefor Best & Hawkins and when entering the city, storm broke with all itsfury. One of the mules he was driving ebcame frightened at thexlightn-ing and becoming unruly stripped himself of his harness. Young McClintock by heroic efforts succeeded inquieting the animal and hitching theteam to the rear of the wagon, soughtshelter from the storm.The storm was the worst that hasever been experienced in tsis sectionof the State and was general throughout Central Kentucky, while Bourbon,Scott and Franklin counties seemed tobe the center of destruction.The storm wrought great destruction in the beautiful Paris cemetery.Billikm and Tommie Nelson. PeterBillikin has started in three races,winning two and running second inthe third.WHITE SHOE BARGAINS.See our display of white shoes inour show window. All canvas shoes,all styles, go at S1.48, worth 2.50 andS3.00. This is a rare opportunity forthe ladies to get shoe bargains. Theymust be sold as w.e don't intend tocarry them over.(18-2t) GEO. McWILLIAMSFIRST DAY A BIG DAY.The old Bourbon Fair will open witha blaze of glory on August 19th. Theit is estimated that fifty trees were . first day's program will be hummer.blown down, blocking the drive ways, j Among the features will be the bigand entailing a heavy damage to tomb-; cake walk with $55 worh of prizes,stones. The beautiful residence of . It will also be L. & Nv Rilroad Men'sMr. Jesse Turney, on the Maysville day, they offering a special prize forpike was badly damaged. Scores of pony owned by railroad man. Twenresidences in the city suffered -minor ty other premiums on ponies will bedamage.contested for. Attend the fair thei first day and you will go every day. 2tMadison' in Path.Madison county- was in the path ofthe storm that swept Central- KentuckySaturday morning. The storm continued for lialf and hour and was accompanied by an electrical display.Much: stocks was killed by lightning.l ( Girl -.Kilted, j" Nicholas' 'v Cyclonic Vihds Saturday demolished'30G3S03qeSC:-C8About $350,000.00 was collect- med from the people of Bourbonin taxes for turnpikes duringJudge Dundon's eight years administration. What has BourbonCounty got to show for it?- -iiiimiiiiiiiiitu0otftiSZf