W- '" nssc..ViPVM ' 3nilRRHN NPIAQ-Jm WttD"C .,.ir-fi0 TJ it&fl-J IfPUBLISHED EVFBTTUBSDAY'Airp FRI3AX '.IX THEiLYXAB; I I s ' sT J .paris Kentucky; Tuesday, December 9,i9i3.VOLUME XXXITOBACCO SALESi h Trf'j)"WE KNOW HOW" rw - Jf 4- -UiJ1.uK!.. I.'4' - CSS " " fci.ft ftJBL VA -W -P M-ftj a '- H H Vft V ft ftft .' VKlE ' '''7 w' -'h p ? B7 'ftWftB"'rUm - - ' '7TL-r -w - --- ..F"i HfIJzIL jl 3' S MS4" Vv. A ' ' " '1 'I. rjHyV bbI HB SB RBI bB bs rHHB bbW MH bJfyvy:VERY SflTiSFAGIBRif1' It"IbSuV BBJ' m- - -1ftf.v KliIIMRSr '1E&S&.'5'Substantial Gifts, in Sterling Silver al-' ' ' !' l 'ways make pleasing remembrances, Even' 'in Sterling Silver articles there h a ,vastdifference in design and workmanship. ,Our wares are selected fpr their correctness and gracefulness of design ahd theydisplay the finest and most painstakingworkmanthip. Call and see the' new"Carolina" pattern, it meets the most exacting demands in tableware. ,- We will take pleasure in laying a?idefor Christmas any articles you may select.20 ID. me Eastern Sipr$1 .ooWith a $3.00 PurchaseUl25c10ciBaby Bun ton Corn, 3 CansTomatoes, per can J... ....... ...Sugar Loaf Peas, per can ... ! . j i 5c and 20cStandard Peas, per can 1. ..... .. 1 OcPork an4,Beans, 2 cansjipr .. ' ; 19Rolled Oats, new stock, '3 packagesf: .vv. - .25 cNew Dried Peaches i'10 and 1 2 l-2c,.', v .Fancy Apricots, 2 lb. for. v. r .v ,-..'... -vT 35cFancy Sun Dried Apples, 'per lb : 8cLANCASTER FLOUR.'25-lb Sack....,.,..' $ .8048-lb Sack...' ..; 1.60- 98-lh Sack . . . .' ' ..': ...,.'. : 3.10.Save the difference by paying cash. .SpecialPrices on quantity lots.;T. G. LENIHAM,Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234I200 -Phoenix Mufflersit i.'. Regular 50e Quality,'". Now At3&:l.: x .In AH Colors and Sizes..56 ' Boys' AH Wool OvercoatsRegular $5.00 and $6.00 Quality, all sizes, choiceSplendid AAeraes 'Attainedand Only Tvejve Baskets ,1 Rejected.Nitspirituous bidding:'1 'it 'f?TJ;4iLiim k HOLIDAY SPECIAL I$3We call your attention to ourChristmas ad. on another page.Market Show s UnusualStrength and Prospects .Good For Future. I '1 1MHBHH9flBHMnHVrt nivlr ....t , in)Good ClothesDo Not Make the ManBut They Certainly Help Him Out WhentjrfeG-Comes to MakingGood with;JI i!4iit , the Public;fU jSIThree sales held at the warehouseof the Bourbon Tobacco WarehouseCo. in this city last week were themost satisfactory of any held in Central Kentucky. A total of 273,040pounds of tobacco were disposed of.The offerings cpnsisted mainly .of thelower grades of the weed, and considering this, the market showed unusual strength.The third sale of the week' was heldSaturday, when a total of $155,540pounds- were sold for a total of $19,502.72, or an average of $12.54.Omitting one crop of very poor tobacco, which aggregated 5,23 poundsand which sold for $2,012,65, the general average of the house for thissale would nave reached $12.83. Themanagers of the wareTiousejhowever,are not inclined to omit from theirreports any grade of tobacco that hasbeen sold and include every basketin the average.The quality of the tobacco sold onthp local market since the openingof the season indicates that the Parissles are second to none in the State!m the matter of prices, obtained.Growers who have made consignments to the warehouse have beenfully satisfied with the prices obtain-1edb although it is freely admitted thatin the majority of the cases the tobacco is of poor or mediuni quality,little of the better class having beenoffered to this date. Of the entireamount sold Saturday ouly twelve bas-'kets were rejected.Following are a few of the crop averages of the last sale:Houston & Austin, 5,600 pounds for$1,236.99; average, $14.38.Kuster & Jenkins, 2,700 pounds for$432.09; average, $16.J. R. DeJarnet, 2,270 pounds for$358.85: average, $15.82Ferguson & Bramble, 5,835 pounds-p-tor 3oj.tJ.yo; uv erase, xo.vo.Ward & Smith. 2,530 pounds for$437.99; average, $17.30.Ward & Legget, 6,365 pounds for$1,052.21; average, $16.53.R. B.N Hutchcraft, 5,285 pounds for$691.96; average, $13.Bedford & Hendricks, 1,780 poundsfor $318.38; average, $17.89.Sam Pi Harding, 2,145 pounds for$341.85; average, $15.90.Whalcy & Allison, 2,090 pounds for$307.85; average, $14.73.It is the purpose of the managersto continue the plan of holding threesales each week until it becomes possible to secure enough tobacco tohold a sale daily. The first sale ' otthis week will be held to-day.But regardless of alt this, a man owes it to himself amifamily to wear the right kind of clothes, and when you buyat this store you can appear well dressed and still not beextravagant. -0ftwJOur Suits and OvercoatsQ'oATL mr F,b .$15, $13, $20 and $25(I Vhave no equal when it comes to comparing style, quality,and price. If you haven't bought your Suit or Overcoat,come to our store now and slip into one of these hand-madehad- tailored Suits and Overcoats. .r-9iMitchell & Blakemore,The Store for Men's Styles Paris, Kentuckyi'V ' . f 'v '9 K 9 tmnmJL,,im!'j',''Lje'Tmaii i.'i'""J.V '.' ' V" . .'-''.' .' '-1'-' '' - - J .' ' '-1 tL-JHf w -". mr -a- w m -! -- - m . r n Mft I TliT-T fBusiness ifPARIS SEWER SYSTEMIS TO BE EXTENDEDI Foi satuilay 1Hubio's Pies.CountryuCakesWhen a candidate for renomination Mayor John T. Hinton promisedif renominated to extend the sewersystem of the city. Friday the firststep was taken toward redeejningthat promise when a contract wa's letto J. B:' Hurley,, ot St Louis, Mj., topiit in a sanitary sewer from thej endof Stoner Avenue, near theJParis IceManufacturing Co.'s plant, and j connecting with the main sewer belowthe county jail. Beginning with theintersection with the main sewernear the jai 1 at the foot of Mainstreet the pipes will be carriedaround the jail, passing under thebridge over Stoner, from which pointn Vk lam it- xir?!! Via rOTTiorl rn M1T-I crete pillars built against the j highstone wall which extends from theI bridge to the dam, and above thedam the. pjpfs will be buried in theearth along the face of the bluff ofthe creek to a point near the residence of Ghas. Foote, whee it willenter Stoner, Avenue and run withthe avenue to its end near the ice factory. The pipe will be of tile, exceptthe portion built along the face ofthe wall between the dam and thebridge over Stoner, which will be ofiron. This portion of the contractwas let to Mr. Hurley for about $3,500, though i the engineer who laid outthe route, and prepared the specifications estimated that this part of thework would cost $6,000.This is intended as a part of atrunk line which later is to be extended so as to pass under the Maysvillerailroad near the me factory, anastrike the branch-which comes downthrough Claysville, and follow iliisbranch to the south end of the cityso as to give sewer connection to allthe south and eastern portion oft-thelthe city.Chocolate,Maraschino,VanillaCaramel.E" -P5S PN.2 r--. .--.msmrMifmi1 m WmTo-day we Announce ourReadiness For'ChristmasFor Saturday."I flowiiiiji5f99999999And in -this Announcement WeDesire to Tell You that We ;Have Prepared Wisely " 'and Well.aS Bros., .:2Paris, Kentucky 599,:DftftftftftMRS, J. CAMPBELL CANTRJLLT1SUCCUMBS AFTER LONG ILLNESSMrs. Carrie Payne Cantrill, wifeof Congressman James Campbell . Cantrill, died yesterday morning at 8oclock,.after an, illness of six monthsfrom bronchial trouble and asthma,at her home in Georgetown. -Last Mav Mrs. Cantrill went toAsheville, N C, in hopes of gettingrelief, but, finding she was not 1m- ( 0proving, asked to come home to be. ft.ftftft0ft0PRlG&&60.6iottiiersand FurnisHersmjftVkiELwki 99mfWtcnkzWmK 9Wm9Fwm&9T9TttkMBtLHBH&BBBKVC3ftlBCMLaftBjBHiBHlDONT WORRY.Don't worry about what to give forChristmas Come in our store andlet us suggest and show you some ofthe most beautiful' and acceptablexrifts that could be- bought. Swh'at vou.want and. we will lay ,aside and deliver, w,hen,ou sayj Yl"1 .Kamong her friends.Her death will cause a shock 'allover Kentucky as well as in Congressional circle, where she was universally beloved. Her husband wasat her bedside when death came.Mrs. Cantrill was forty-one yearsold, and was born and reared mGeorgetown. Besides her husband,slip 5k survived bv one son, JamesEdward, a student at the Staunton,Va,, Military College; a sister, Mrs.Junius Caldwell, of TLoutsville, and abrother, John Payne, of Boston, Mass.The only other close relatives, arethree ne'nhews and a niece, Payne JHarnef of Huntington, W. Va.; Wil-it ; liam, and John Payne, of Georgetown,TUomas ionneai, oi , i-nf-Thefuneral arrangements-Our stocks is superb our service complete and,we desire ttyat you inspect arefully every article ofinterest. 'We are displaying this year all that is newestand latest in the Jeweler's Art, and have combedthe markets carefully to select the cream of styles anddesigns. " ' -Especially large and varied is our stock of Diafm'ond Mounted La Valliers and Bar Pinsx in plainum and gold, also a beautiful line of Misses3 JESLValliers in solid gold to sell for from $5 to $8.50. 'We are especially strong on Sterling Vanities)Card Cases and Mesh Bags, in plain, engravedand etched effects. Our Compartment Vanity Casein Sterling Silver are the very latest in thin models. ." BRACKIfFf WATCHES are now in full sway and ou a. ill finflhere all the newest styles and, effects in solid gokr, filled and leathers,fitted -with the best guaranteed movements in the market. r. We are now prepared to display our lineofiLADIES' HAND BAG?,which include the ery latest designs from the Kist made to confoqii-with the latest dress costumes. VWe cordially invite one anil all to call 'and inspect olir HoMaystoclc. 15UY KARTvY and avoid the rneh. " Any articlepurchased-'-will be laid aside and held until7 Christinas at the desire of the purchaser.J'9I9ti!x'',"the House of -Quality-, i -For Jewelry"Shire Fithian,Sff??been mad& v Vi i .C m!.ff it tiiffifrix .hi ,5iu.Lii). r J t t itf N-50gtV ?$ $-c$i?V ' lji'V oj viL n Sl'fiVtUtil'srdVe not.Viuiii'F fkifrtv thi .irtii I et-fi- r i m A flirt 1 iIHeNbOURBONINEwS, ,PAR1SV.KNTUCKY; MICEMBER 9, 4913.-.a BusinessUse the Home Phone Long Distance? .For all your Long Distance conversations. Rapidefficient service combined with reasonable rates.'FIVE MINUTE initial period allowed on all calls to ,points in Kentucky.Route your Long D stance Business via HOMELINES.-Cbe Paris Rome Celepftone ana Cekgrapb Co,(Incorporated)MMMHBBiGO SOUTH THIS WINTERGo where fair skies, ideal weather, and outdoor enjoyment dispel allthought of winter's discomfort.WINTER tOURlST FARESNOW AVAILABLE VIATO ALL RESORTS OF THE SOUTHINCLUDING FLORIDA, NEW ORLEANS, PANAMA AND"LAND OF THE SKY.!1 TICKETSON SALE DAILY.ATTRACTIVE STOP-OVER PRIVILEGES.EQUIPMENT, SERVICE AND SCENERY UNSURPASSED:- For details consult any Ticket Agent or writeC. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent, 10 1 East Main St, Lexington, Ky.I H.&&&&I BourbonwwwDAVIS & FUNK, Props.ty Telephone No. 4.wXJggjiBourbonW I f35dBrW g-- " " AS3jeaS Paris Kentucky. jkThe Best inTheHiggin All-MetalScreens,Higgin All-MetalThe:Weather Strip.Distributors of the Walger NewoModel AwningThe Best Awning EveiPut' UpSuitable For Residences, Office and Hotel Buildings,School Houses, Etc.Some of Our Customers in Paris Massie" Hospital, A.J. Winters, Geo. Alexander, N. F. Brent, J. W. Davis,Deposit Bank, T. H. Clay, Mitchell & Blakemore and dozens of others.Our Sales Agents will gladly furnish an estimate foryou. Get the Higgin service and be satisfied.Screens bought now for future delivery are jnade atcents per square foot cherper.,T. A. Hendricks,IiSalesPhone 258523-sept-tfWhen you feeltlpcus, tired, worried or despondent it is atre sign you need MOTTS NERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normal igor andjwake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMott's Nerverine Pills JSiSWH-LIAMS MFG. CO., Prop.. Cleveland, Ohio3 Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky...K"i Altogether Too Literal., Z. - Boarder (tackling a tough steak, tohoarding house keeper) "When youundertook to provide me with board,- piaiaM, I was unaware that you meant9 o so Uteralfcr I"Proposition!LONQ RETURN LIM1KLaundry. West 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon. Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes b"eck on its reputation. If you are particular,about how your linen islaundered, your custom is theappreciateeLaundry,- hitfrie World 2iAgentLexington, Ky.Whaling at Natal.The whaler Egeland the other morning brought in the first humpbackwhale captured in Natal this season.It was a good whale and very fat. Ona second visit to the ocean the samewhaler captured a blue whale 70 feetlong, which landed in the evening. Apparently the baleen whales are earlythis year. Natal JNJercury.Declaration of Independence."Jtfy dear, I see you are havingsome clothes imade for your poodle.""Yes; it' Is the latest fad." "Well, Iserve notice right here that I don'tbutton any "flogs down tha .back'Louisville Courier-Journal. ,The Bourbon ftlewsEsrfi cheek 1881 32 Years of r Continouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postoffice as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Published Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance.ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each, issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.Homemade Cedar Chest.Get a large pine packing box. Hingeon the lid and putty up the crack3 ifthere are any, but it is better to getone without cracks. Purchase a bottle of cedar oil from the druggist andpaint the inside of the box with this,being sure that the oil soaks into allcrevices. Use the oil plentifully, andwhen thoroughly dry line the boxwith cambric. Cover the outside withany preferred material. The cedaroil will retain its odor for years, andis as much disliked by moths as thecedar wood itself.Wonderful Human Stomach.The human stomach as diagrammedin the encyclopedia resembles themap of South America, and as apotentiality exercises the revolutionary characteristics of that realm. Itvaries in size; in youth being longerthan thick, and reaching from thechin to the heels; in ripe maturity being thicker than long, and reachingfrom the back two feet beyond thenatural plumb line. American Magazine. Talleyrand and Josephine.Talleyrand, the notorious Frenchstatesman, friend of Napoleon and ambassador at the English court, was designed for a military career, but an accident, when one year old, renderedhim a cripple for life. His cunningcleverness, political penetration, adroitintrigues and ingenious subterfugeswere vehemently opposed by the emperor's wife, Josephine, who energetically denounced him as a "cursed cripple." Good Fertilizer for Ferns.Nitrate of soda dissolved in watershould be given to ferns that are smallor weak, but do not make the proportion of nitrate more than one-quarterof an ounce ,to the gallon, but largeplants, and those of vigorous growthshould be watered with a solution inproportion of one-half an ounce ofnitrate to the gallon. Apply aboutevery ten days. Soot and salt are alsogood.Worry May Cause Death.Medical science has recently explained how "worry commits its murders. It has reached the conclusionthat in many instances of what havebeen regarded as lunacy, and fromwhich the victim finally dies, the casehas simply been one of acute worry.Instead of the person dying of mentalbreakdown, he has worried himselfto death.Science Pursues Criminal.Ultra-violet rays used while photographing a forged check are said torender detection absolutely certain.The forger uses a chemical ink eraserto remove some portion of the writing,but even though this be done so skillfully as to defy detection, underhigh-power magnifying glass the raysreveal in the photograph a heavysmudge where the erasure occurred.Our Friends and Enemies.The things which our friends dowith and for us form a part of ourlives, for they strengthen and advance,our personality. But the things whichour enemies devise against us do notform part of our lives; we only experience them, reject them, and guardourselves against them as againstfrost, storms, rain, hail or any otherexternal inconvenience which may beencountered. Goethe."QUESTIONS OF LIFE"Are fully and properly answered inThe People's. Common Sense MedicalAdviser by R. V. Pierce, M. D. As aresult of knowing the laws of healthand nature, happy marriages are sureto follow. Ignorance leads to miseryand ill-health. All the knowledge ayoung man , or woman, wife or daughter should have, is contained in thisbig Home Doctor Book, containing1008 pages with engravings and colored plates, and bound in cloth,(near-y 700,000 copies formerly soldfor $1.50 each) is sent free to anvonesending 31 one-cent stamps to prepaycost.ot wrapping and postage. Thereare no conditions to this offer and thereader must not associate this hookwith the advertising pamphlets pre-pareu by quacks throughout thecountry. Address 662 WashingtonSt., Buffalo, New York.k'.CONVENIENT K0G -COTS-Animal Must Have Ample Protection Prom Rain and Com.Corn and Other Feeds -Make ThemGrow, But Dampness Takes OffWeight Almost as Fast as PutOn House Simple Affair.It is a great mistake and poor business management to raise hogs, feedthem high-priced corn and then allow them to be in the rain and cold.Some farmers think that because ahog Is a hog it can get along withany kind of shelter or with no shelter at all. The corn and other feedsyou give may make them grow, butdampness will take off weight almostas fast as it is put on. With only asmall amount of money spent forlumber and roofing for building comfortable houses, sows, pigs and mature hogs will bring in larger profitsin the hog business. Hogs of allkinds like cool shade, and cool placesfor wallowing and sleeping during thewarmer months.The efficient hog house is a simpleaffair, and can be built by anyonewith only a small cash outlay. Itneed not be more than four feet highin the rear and slightly more in thefront" to allow slope for the roof. Thesides should be short. The lumberfor them will not cost much, but itshould be of good material to keep outrains and winds. Probably the bestroof for hog houses is that of heavyfelt. This is to be laid on tight fittingor matched boards. Galvanized ironalso makes a good roof, and is to becommended ,for the movable houses.When iron of any kind is used for theroof it should be laid on solid boards,as iron, is very hot in summer whenthe sun shines, and is cold in winter.'Since a hog house need not be toolarge the farmer who keeps severalsows and is growing a large numberof pigs each year should have a halfdozen or more of these houses on thefarm and in convenient places. Somefarmers have all their hog housesnear the barn and other buildings,but I do not think this is a good practice. Hogs of different ages and sizeswill not do well in one herd, says awriter in an exchange. They shouldbe separated into small herds, according to their ages and conditions. Sowsand growing pigs should not be allowed to be on the same lot with fattening hogs. The excessive corn dietis not good for their growth and production, and with large fattening hogsthe smaller ones will be crowded andinjured. Too many hogs in one penare more apt to contract disease thanwhen they are put into several lotsand smaller bunches.When the farm is divided into smallfields and each field is fenced hogtight it will pay to have at least onehog house in each field, so that it canbe pastured with hogs at some timeeach year, thus saving and turning togood account all the waste forage,.CARRIER FOR WATER BUCKETSLid Covers Palls and Prevents Contents Spilling Out Invention ofIllinois Man.A carrier for buckets gt water, garbage and the like has been patented byan Illinois man. A wheeled frame sup-nnrf n. Imv-lviner nlatform that is de -signed to receive the buckets, and ahinged cover is adapted to swingparallel with the platform over thebuckets. This cover can be adjustedWater Carrier.to fit close to the tops of the bucketsand prevent them from overturning orfrom spilling their contents. With thiscarrier a man can move liquids aboutrapidly, as he need not be exercisingcare to see that there is no jolting ofhlg load. The cover is not required; it jcan he turned up into vertical position Iand dropped Into a recess in the backof the vehicle, out of the way. A leverlocks It into either position.Generous Feeding Required.The incessant and continuous demand on a brood sow, when sucklinga large litter of pigs, is such a drainon her system that it creates an appetite that will require generous feeding for the good of the sow, pigs and) the man who 'contemDlates eettinerquick returns from them.Weight Is Useless.Of what value is weight in the bighorse unless the horse is able to movethat weight at a good rapid gait, andwithout occupying an acre of groundto turn around.Kttp Fsncts Rtpalrtd.It a bc eve? starts th "gatingout" Habit it is hsr to stop hi, ltutIf ths fsaoM art Itspi In good rvyairUttle troMblt- will follow.I4S6QNt(H)L OF-CORN-EAR WORM. .iInsect Eats Its Way Along WithinHusk, Devouring Young and Ten'der Kernels and Silk.(By W. C. O'KANE.) ,On of the encouraging things thatturn, up occasionally in the eternalwarfare against insect pests is the factthat some remedy or other that isrecommended is also an ordinary feature of good farm practice. It la thatway with fall plowing. Several troublesome insects of field and garden,happen to be In such location in thelate fall that we can reach them byBtirring the soil. One or two of themcan be fought in almost rfo other way.The pest that hits the mark mostclosely is the corn ear worm. Wheninfesting corn it eats its way alongwithin the husk devouring the youngand tender kernels and silk. .As itworks its way down into the groundthe worm fills the hole behind it withsoil. But once at a depth of three orfour inches it turns and makes a shortopen gallery, part way to the surface.Corn-Ear Worm at Work Eating theSilk and Young Kernels.Then it retires to the bottom of thisand remains until it becomes a moth.In the gallery the pupa of the lastgeneration remains all winter. Themoth does not come out again untilnext spring. Now, 'send a plowthrough the field in late fall and youaccomplish very good results. Thepupa is buried beneath solid earth,which later is compacted by winteror spring rains. The moths are thuseffectually imprisoned, and ' neverreach the surface to lay eggs andstart the life round once more. Weather conditions or demands of crop-rotationmay make fall plowing out of thequestion, but if it can be done, thereis much to be gained by it.PRACTICAL HINTS OF PLANTSPalm, When Grown on Shady Side ofHouse and Kept Moist, WillProve Thing of Beauty.(By BESSIE L.. PUTNAM.)If you j cannot afford a palm, go tothe woods and get a nice fern. Ifgrown on the shady side of the houseand kept moist, it will prove a thingof beauty.The woodland violets may wellkeep it company, some of the largewhite ones being delightfully fragrant. When receiving a new plant, especially if from a florist, examine it welland see that it is free from insects.J A breeding place for some new insect1 mav be revealed.A tea made of tobacco leaves makesone of the best remedies for insects;roses, especially, are benefited byspraying' with it weekly. Only a fewforms of worms will endure the weed.Start geranium cuttings in midsummer for the winter blooming. Theyare readily rooted in a glass of water placed in a sunny window. Asthey increase in size, keep the tipsof the branches pinched back to Insure compact form of growth.The agave, or century plant, willrespond well to a draft of manurewater once a week during the sura-t mer, but when resting the fertilizer( must be entirely withheld.I Keep the flowers of all annualspicked regularly if you would havej the season of bloom prolonged. -,Seed forming is a drain which mostJ plants cannot endure except by a deterioration of the blossoms.The most successful flower groweris one who is continually on the lookout to see what her warda are aboutIf the soil is dry she notices It; If anew insect appears she is on handto fight for her charges. Few plantswill for a protracted period do theirbest without care.KEEP AWAY SQUASH ENEMIESKerosene Emulsion Will Drive BugsFrom Their Cover So TheyCan Be" Hand-Killed.To keep bugs away from the youngplants, cover the hills not infestedwith wire netting, burying all edges"under the soil, else they will get' under them sure.The squaah is subject to flee beetles( a,nd yellow-and-black-striped bugs andthese do not like clean cultivation.So burn all', rubbish after getting offthe crop. Examine the vines twicea day. The bugs gather constantlyBetter plant more seed than arej properlydeveloped for emergencycases of destruction by bugs.Kerosene emulsion will drive bugsfTonitheir cover so they can be handkilled, and that is about the surestpractice.; Haul Out Manure.v This is an 'sxcsllent, time to haulout that manur that -was left in. theskeds ana yards last spriag.fiWJt he Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important in tbohome ttian clenr. steady light. Insurethis by petting the oil that bur3clear and cleair withont a fi'ckerdown to the lat drop. Pennsylvaniacrime oil refinen to perfection.fVvts no mo'e than the infenoitinkwason oils saves MONEY savesWORK nveevr.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrel3 direct from our works.Ciias. C. Stoii Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.sell the celebrated 'No Carb"Auto Oil.we4$5EEs, Stage's Loss Literature's Gain.England's censorship of the drama,caused Fielding to turn from playwright to novel writing. Fielding began his literary career as a dramatist,and by his political satires broughtabout the establishment of the censorship in 1737, the bill being introduced,by Walpole, one of Fielding's victims.With playwriting thus barred to him,he turned his attention to the noveLCURED OF LIVER COMPLAINT"I was suffering with liver complaint," says Iva Smith, of PointBlank, Texas, "and decided to try a25c box of Chamberlain's Tahlet3,and am happy to say that I am completely cured and can recommendthem. to every one." For sale by alldealers.(Dec) Cadv)Joviality Out of Place."Your mistake was in misunderstanding your country," said Mr. Plowden, to a man and woman found dancing In the street and charged with,disorderly conduct at Marylebone."This is not a country where peoplecan afford to be jovial. You must cultivate a spirit of melancholy if yon.want to be safe. Go away and be assad as you can." London Tit-Bits.CERTAINCURE FORNERVOUSDEBILITY.Tona Vita Overcomes the Trouble inA Few Weeks' Time.There is a remedy that is absolutely certain to build up those suffering from a run down condition.This remedy is considered the mostsuccessful medicine ever sold to thepublic in this country. It is calledTona Vita and it is fast becoming anational tonic, endorsed by physicians everywhere.If you are debilitated, tire easily,have little strength or ambition andare nervous and depressed, get bottleof Tona ita at once. You will bedelighted to feel your old health andstrength returning in a few daystime. If you have lost flesh, noteyour weight before taking 'and thenget on the scales a week later. Youwill be astonished. ,Tona Vita is sold by Chas. E. Butler & Co. (adr)Changeable ClimateIS A CONSTANT THREAT TO THEHEALTH OF THE PEOPLE.Dr. Hartman, of Columbus, Ohio,discusses an important health topic.He says:Yes, Jt is the climate, not the germs,that we have to fear in this country.The grerms are present, to be sure,and are of some significance in,"diagnosis. Climate, a changeableclimate, is the true cause of disease.The atmospheric pressure varies, thehumidity of the atmosphere changes.Every Cay the temperature rises andfalls. All this presents to the bodyvery great trials to adjust to.The area of high pressure forms irthe northwest. Moves rapidly southeast, subjecting: millions of ourpopulation to its influence. The result is, thousands upon thousands ofpeople catch cold. A small per cent.,of these thousands do not get well oftheir cold. It goes into pneumonia,or chronic catarrh, or bronchitis, orlaryngitis, or pleurisy.Now, what I am getting1 at is this.These climatic changes are inevitable.No one can prevent them. The verybest we can. do is to prepare forthem, defend ourselves against them.Good health is the best preventive.The very best. Vigorous health, withexcess vitality, this is Nature's own.preventive and protection.We do not all have this, however.Some of us must have assistance.The assistance that I use for myself,would recommend for my friends fouse, my neighbors and my countrymen, is Pe-ru-na. Keep Pe-ru-na In?the house.If the children, indicate they arecatching cold, give them Pe-ru-na.If the parents, the grandfather orgrandmother, present those symptomsthat are so well known which precedea cold, a few doses of Pe-ru-na andthe deed is done.Some people are very subject tocolds. Others who have weak lungsand are timid about our winterweather, take Pe-ru-na off and onduring the whole winter season.The plan is a good one. The medicineis inexpensive. It does no possibleharm to the system. It keeps the.appetite reg-ular ancL keen. Ii as-fslsts digestion and helpa the user, through the' inclement weather., toffiv3wiater.-? -C- .fLis-''JM 55-fc&i.jt--4"VVmIk fit-- -i i :i. r.j ;&Ko h.v-v - - - . ,-WfceV '$L-?ywNfftShsjjs'.;& ' ;. itfa- . -If -'y.-lHfcr -BOURBON NEWS, PARIS KENTUCKY, DECMBER 9, ,1913fl m- 43 Aidt'ffBTJfffawfifffm?ffWWBlob PriniindWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!No, Doubt About, What He Meant. .Bass "I suppose you think I'm a.fool?" Cass "That's what troublesme. If your supposition is correct,then you are a mind-reader, and therefore you cannot be a fool; and yetw,ell, you understand."DR.HEALS ITCHY ECZEMA.HOBSON'S OINTMENT'3&.tt-The constantly itching, burningsensation and other disagreeableforms of eczema, tetter .salt rheum,and skin eruptions promptly curedby Dr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment.Geo. W. Fitch, of Mendota, 111., says:"I purchased a box of Dr. Hobson'sEczema Ointment. Have had eczema ever since the civil war, havebeen treated by many doctors, butnone have given the benefit that onebox of Dr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment has." Every sufferer shouldtry it. "We're so positive it will helpyou we guarantee it or money refunded. At all druggists or by mail50 cents.Pfeiffer Chemical Co., Philadelphia& St. Louis. (adv.)(Dec.)SOME POULTRY CONCLUSIONSExpert of Missouri Station Gives OutFew Practical Suggestions onChicken Raising.Bachelor's Blunder."If it wasn't for car fare and luncheon," says a bachelor, "a womaiwouldn't have any need of monejwhen she goes shopping." But evermarried man knows better. ChicagoNews.FIT HIS CASE EXACTLY.srTRE J9B RGOfflS OFTHEftEWSAre prepaired to do, the best r ofPrinting on short notice such as"When father was sick about shyears ago he read an advertisementof Chamberlain's Tablets in the papers that fit his case exactly," writesMiss Margaret Campbell, of Ft.Smith, Ark. "He purchased a box ofthem and he has not been sick since.My sister had stomach' trouble andwas also benefited by them." Forsale, by all dealers.(Dec) (adv)BILLHEADS.xLETTERHEADS,CARDS, rCATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.In Company.In mixed company, among acquaintances and strangers, endeavor to learnsomething from all. Be swift to hear;be cautious of your tongue, lest youbetray your ignorance and perhaps offend some who are present. IsaacWatts.Under the heading of "LessonsLearned," Mr. Quisenberry of the Missouri experiment station has issuedthe following notes for poultry raisers,based on the year's work in the egglaying contest at that station:That there is no variety of breedwhich far excels others in general useas far as egg production is concerned.That some hens have a born tendency to lay, and others have a borntendency to put on fat. The latter kindshould be culled out in establishing alaying strain.That a .little moistened food is relished and will increase egg production. That many high producers lay thinshelled eggs, and that the germs areoften weak. A few high producers areable to lay large numbers of eggs, fertilize them and put vitality into thechick.That the Mediterranean class canstand more protein and fattening foodthan the birds of the American, Asiatic or English classes. There is not somuch danger of the Mediterraneansbecoming too fat, and they require aricher food than the other classes mentioned. 'That the purpose of properly feedingand housing a hen is not to feed eggsinto her body, but to so feed and carefor her that you may get out of her theeggs which breeding has placed there.Proper feeding, housing and care havea bearing on the number of eggs produced by a flock, but breeding is mostimportant.That the best producers have broadbodies. The back is broad, and theribs are widespread, giving plenty ofroom for egg and digestive organs.That good layers are big eaters; Abird must have capacity to eat and digest a big amount of food if she is tolay well.That most of the high producershave good sized combs for their breed.A WOMAN'S PROBLEMIn the looking-glass a woman often sees wrinkles, hollow circles under eyes, i"crow's feet," all because she did ;not turn to- the right remedy when -woru ,down with those troubles which are distinctly feminine. Backache, headache,pains, lassitude, nervousness and drains upon vitality bnng untold sulfermgto womanhood and the face shows it. Tne nervous system and, the estircwomanly make-up feels the tonic effect of ,DR. PIERCE'S FAYOEITE PRBSGRffBOK?It allays and subdnes nervous excit-bility, irritability, nervous eshrustion, asdother distressing sy Tip J oms commonly attendant upon functional and organic Zdiseases of the feminine organs. It induces refreshing1 sleep and relieves amental anxiety and de-.pondency. Known everywhere and for over 40 years ,-jas the standard remedy for he diseases of women. Your dealer in medicinesBells it in liquid or sug.r-coated tablet form; or you can s nd 0 on-centstamps for a trial box ofDr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription tablets. AiJresa fDr. R. V. Pierce, Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Inst-tute, BuiTala, X. Y. "BR. PIERCE'S PLEASANT PZLLETS REGULATE AND INVIGORATSSTOMACH, LIVER AND BOWELS. SUGAR-COATED TINY GRANULX5,1nn pwwyaipwnipwrwg'' &' av?ASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland Tel'ephone works for him. He will reply: .AHi.2.3.Sells My Products 4. Protects the HomeGets Best Prices 5. Helps the Housewif e kBrings Supplies 6. Increases Profits'i7. Pays For Itself Over ancUOverJSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested arid sendto-day for booklet. . -, For information, call manager. -BEAUTIFUL PICTURES.An elegant line of handsome pictures just received. They makebeautiful gifts. Our specialty isframing photos. See our mouldings.27-tf) PARIS BOOK STORE.Will Ingeniously Concealed.A will has been found under eleventhicknesses of wallpaper by workmenengaged in stripping the Avails of ahouse adjoining the Royal Marine hotel, Cowes, Isle of Wight.HANDY POULTRY FEED HOPPERDevice Shown in Illustration Has Advantage of Shelf in Front, Preventing All Waste.This hopper has the advantage ofhaving a shelf running along the front,by means of which much waste can beprevented. It can easily be made fromany available lumber to the size indicated or smaller if required.Dry mash feeding, or, in fact, anymash feeding, has its drau backs in thefact that some of the food is wasted bybeing pulled out on the ground. Thereare some things which the birds likebetter than others, and if they are notCumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated1STOMACH TROUBLES DISAPPEARStomach, liver and kidney troubles,!weak nerves, lame back and femaleills disappear when Electric Bittersare used. Thousands of womenwould not be without a bottle in theirhome. Eliza Pool, of Depew, Okla.,writes: "Electric Bitters raised mefrom a bed of sickness and sufferingand has done me a world of good. Iwish every suffering woman couldused this excelllent remedy and findout, as I did, just how good it is."As it has helped thousands of others,it surely will do the same tor you.Every bottle guaranteed, 50J. and$1.00.At all druggists. H. E. Bucklen& Co., Philadelphia or St. Louis.(adv)(Dec.)Jff't. - l-l -S"N. ssSTl-f: ";-"; -f,ftftwidinGeubvara about4 MMftlTii&ei '&"' 6 'nchci&&Z22&&2'2!&2&&KLongfellow or Tennyson could take a worthless sheet of paper, write a poem on tt and make itworth $50,000. That is GeniusJ: P. Morgan could have signed his name to achech and amke the JHttleJbit ' of paperworth$100,000,000. Thatf is CapitalA mechanic can take material worth $5.00and makejwatch springsjworth $1 ,000." That is SkillIf you buy "FOXiRIDGECOAL" from DODSON & DENTON -That is Good SenseShow your good sense by taking up the matterwNOW..L-" N'Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces. ' ' - p 'Unreasonable Men."You know, my dear,' men are quiteimpossible. If I accept Jack's proposal, he will expect me to marry him,and if I refuse it he will expect tobe allowed to marry someone else."Bystander.Useful Feed Hopper.very hungry they will endeavor to pickout the things that they like in preference to the general feed. The best way' to overcome this is to have tne leeaonly half way up in the troughs orhoppers from which they draw theirsupply. If they will have to reach downfor the food and pick it right up there,they cannot pick or pull the rest of thefood from the hopper. A good, deephopper is shat you need, and you "willfind it will he a saving to you.MARGIN OF PROFIT AND LOSSDodson & DentonThe Home of Good CoalYaTdSouthMain St. Both" Phones 1 40z m -f&S2tXfe2gsgg$xQ&se5SS&1McSrU 5c N. TIME-TABLETHE ART SHOP.The women folk are already "doingtheir fancy work for Christmas. Iam selling linens of all kinds, doingstamping on exquisite designs, andlive lots of fancy work noveltiessuitable for Christmas gifts. I wouldappreciate a call from all the ladieswho are interested in my line ofAvork.(25-tf) MRS. W. E. BOARD.fcChe Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.ftWiUiUaiiWirtLucky Meeting.Angry Investor "Well, I've beenout and seen that building lot I boughtof you." Real Estate Man "You'rejust the chap I Aant to see. "Whatdoes it look like?" Puck.IfRecord Is Kept of Cost of Production and Sales One May TellIf Flock Is Paying.CONSTIPATION POISONS YOU.If you are constipated, your entiresystem is poisoned by the waste matter in the body serious results oftenfollow. Use Dr. King's New LifePills and you will soon get rid orconstipation, headache and other troubles. 25c. at druggists or by mail.H. E. Bucklen & Co., Philadelphia& St. Louis. (adv)(Dec.)VScratched40 YearsUsed D. D. D.,All Itching Gone!-This is the actual experience of Annaproman, Santa Jlosa, Cal., with the wonderful D. D D Prescription.D. D. r. is the proven Eczema Curethe mild wash that gives Instant reliefin all forms of skin trouble.Gleanses the skin of all Impuritieswashes away blotches and pimples,leaving the skin as smooth a,nd healthyas that of a child.Get a 50c bottle of this wonderfulEczema Cure today and Jteepsit Im thehouse.We know thatl). I. D. wlll'do all thatt claimed for itr - - "A flock of hens should be made topay a good dividend on the investment. If they do not do this, there issoniething radically Avrong somewhere along the line.If you have kept a record of thecost of production and sales youwill be able to tell whether or notyour hens are paying.' Hens, that arelaying an average of 50 to GOper cent, are dojng well, and will makea 'good showing in the right side ofthe cash book. And averages abovethat will be so much more gain, andwill more than justify keeping thebirds.If they fall way below this markyou had better investigate and findout the cause of the trouble. It maybe that you have a poor strain ofbirds; that you are not feeding theright kind of food or in sufficientquantities, or that you are not giving them the proper attention thatthey must have in order to be greatproducers.EFFECTIVE OCT. 19, 1913Trains A.rrire ,.No. FROM34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5:21am134 Lexington, Ky., Daily.... , 5:18am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunda.y .7:35am7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:38 am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday : 7:45 am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except' Sunday i 7:42 am37 Cincinnati, O., Daily 9:38 am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . . .4 10:20 am12 Lexington, Ky., Daily , '.... 10:15am33 Cincinnati, 0., Daily '.. 10:24am26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 12:00 m25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . . . v 3:10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:15 pm138 Lexington, Ky., Daily t 333 pm38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily .' ' 3?30 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5:3pm39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday, 5:50pm8 Lexington, Ky., Daily. ; & i ". 6:18 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily T 6:23 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily -10:50 pmTrains 3De-pa,rtTOCincinnati, O., Daily - . 5:28"amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5:35 am,Lexington, Ky. Daily Except Sunday i. 7:47 amCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday :ouamWhite Clover for Egg Layer.White clover hay is the richest inlime. Feeding clover is a preventiveof soft-shelled eggs. Cut clover hayhas helped revolutionize the poultrybusiness. Red clover hay containsabout twenty-eight pounds of lime tothe thousand pounds. Scald the cloverhay at night, and keep it covered soit can steam. See that the clover iscut to one-half inch length. Whenlonger it is apt to pack in the crop,causing crop-bound.Modern Poultry House.Poultry houses vthat are up-to-dateare no J.onger double hoarded affairsthat are closed up at every point, hutare fresh air houses with plenty ofventilation. 'LrNo.344740102937331336261338393283031131Maysville, KyLexington, Ky,Daily Except Sunday : 7:50amDaily .,..".... 9:4amKnoxville, Tenn., Daily : ;-:,. K. . . 9:45 axaJacksonville, Fla., Daily .'....-.-.. 10:29 amLexington, Ky., Daily . '. 10:27 amMaysville, Ky., Daily . v 12:05 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .iT. . . 12: 04 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '. . .. . . 3 : 33 pmCincinnati, O., Daily .. :., 3:40pmRowland, Ky Daily Except Sunday 5:56 m,Lexington, Ky., Daily ExceRt Sunday 5": 58 pmCincinnati, O., Daily . 8:28 pitMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6 : 25 patCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '. 6:40 ?mLexington, Ky., Daily . . 10:55pia,Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10:57 WNo.Traixis -A-rriveFROM ? 'Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .' 7;4anFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '. 5:5$ ptNo.-tl3lTrains IDex : . to .Frankkforrf Ky Daily Except SundayPrankfdr,fKy;; Daily Except Sunday...art!s ..:. -, . - ' N'4iSfevf W 11 -"fcN?, &i-C. E.BUTLER& CO."i. -'V:r.-&..''.v.W 'Tw-Trtffci-rs, JH --- ltT 5. A .' i, - ,st - d.. . . Du -. T . k LnTi . -, . .1.-1 " w-mT,-,-r ?- iiJMwV -., ar a:jffiK & w v er;vvri&"fi&&&& V.VJ-isret jasrae 2-y,VTsr:?n ,"T1? . "y ' - -- , i vV'J3-5-jijn .-Mpm. u iimjf ,- '.' THE BOURBON NEWS; PARIS, KENTUCKyi DECEMBERS. i9i3t,r"' '"K -; 'Ai " r mrn a iAmetican Grand Oper&Wbmpi'U'lParis Grand, Monday, December 1 5eTWME. ADELAIDENORWOOD In. ."Cavalleria Rusticana" .cTWELEJQHANNAw'..' KKRISTOFFY ini i"SSEOME"n.';iQi:iii.( J51 'C I :.-.T i?; , , i M l i t a ,,,.., s . I ,1. ! 'M " - ' - ' '-- wwv . , -- - , v . i ' ..i u TrIw if4V -jS ;Ei. '..', JW'vv'vVi rr'favS.'.v. .-?Wif h a Cosmopolitan of Distinguished e4rtists; Solo Symphony" OrchestraOarefulljr Censored ChorusPRICES, 5Oc to $2.00 Advance. Sale Wednesday Curtain at 8:15 SharpmmmmmB '-kmh wiiLinNEWS OF M1LLERSBUR6Dr. G. R. Beans is quite ill withrieumatism, superinduced by thegrippe., Dear Santa Be sure and see mycut glass before buying Christmasgift(9-2t) AARON McCONNELL.Mrs. J. C. Pightmaster, who has"been very ill with tonsilitis, is able tobe out again.Mr. and Mrs. 0. E. Hurst and sister, Mrs. Woolums, were guests offriends at Lexington Friday.i Mr. and Mrs. W. M. Parker havereturned after a few days' visit toMesdames Byron McCarthy and William Liinville, at Paris.Mrs. J. M. Caldwell, who has"been critically ill for some days , isresting some better.If you want hardware go to theiardware store; if you want dry goods,'go to the dry goods store, and if youwant good substantial, first-class jew-jelry, go to the jewelry store. I(9-2t) AARON McCONNELL.Messrs. J. S. Clarke, A. T. MofUtt, N..T? Collier and others attended the Reese Clark trial at MaysvilleSaturday.Mr, Thos. McClintock was theguest of hs daughter, Mrs. Turner,Perry, at Owingsville, from Sunday i-until today. vSquire and Mrs. E. P. Thomason'"were guests of Mr. and Mrs. O. R.5Johnson at ''Winchester from Satur-day until Monday. jRev. and Mrs. J. D. Redd re-'turned Friday after a few days visitto friends and relatives 'in -Mason andRobertson counties.rMr. T. D. Stewart, who has beenin the L. & N. office during the ab--senceof Mr. W. V. Shaw, left for his.home at Red House, Saturday,Mrs. John Conway, who -was taten to St. Joseph Hospital, at Lexington, some days ago, underwent anoperation Sunday and is doing wellat this time. ' ' JMr. and Mrs. J. H, Sttwart left forCarlisle, Saturday, where t Mr., 'Stuarthas resumed the receiving and 'butchering of turkeys for Chas. S. CBrent &Brp.. Judge T, P. Waddell resumed operations at this point Saturday forthe .same firm.Appropriate Cnristmas Gift Afull linev of watches, charms, chains,lockets, lavaliers, bracelets, cuff links,fobs and fduntain pens, .mesh bags,cut glass, fancy novelties, in facteverything in the jewelry line, can befound at 'C9-2t) AARON McCONNELL'S.Mr.' and Mrs. Clarenc e Casemoved Monday to Williamson, Ind.Mr. and Mrs. Earl fnsko will occupythe apartments in the Miller Flat vacated by Mr. Case.Look for th best and you willfind it in our store. In this class witha full line of builders' hardware,plumbing material, cook stoves, .heating stoves, ranges, guns, ammunition,aH kinds of sporting goods, wirefence, steel posts, and harness of allkinds. Gome and see us.BES,T & HAWKINS"(21-tf) Millersburg, Ky.-Dr. W. G. Dailey entertained thefollowing physicians Friday eveningwith a six o'clock dinner: Drs. David Barrow, Wollfolk Barrow, Clarke,McClymc-ns and Bullock, of Lexingrton; Dr. Marion Dailey, bf Paris;Drs. W. M. Miller and C. B. Smith, ofMillersburg; and Mr. Claude Dailey,of Paris. The home was beautifullydecorated, the color scheme beingpink and white,' whicji was carriedout thoroughly. Pink carnationswere ia evidence throughout thehouse! The menu w'as served inthree courses, the first course j consisting of roast turkey, dressing! coldham, cranberry sauce, scalloped oysters, and several vegetables. Thesecond course was4 fruit salad,; cheeseballs and coffee, the, third icq creamnad cakes. One of the most uniqufefeatures . of the occasion Avas theplace cards, which had been arrangedin rhyme by Mrs. Dailey, and fromthese rhymes each .guest was to find!his place, The rhymes were peculiarly applicable to each guest andas each rhyme was read they had butlittle difficulty in guessing who itwas fntended for ' Mrs. Dailey wasassisted in entertaining' by herdaughter, Miss Lucile Dailey, andMiss Elizabeth. Ingels, andther sister-in-law,Mrs. Marion Dailey, of Paris,The evening was spen t ( pleasantly.About nine o'clpck ' the , guests tooktheir departure, most of them returning in their automobiles.CHRISTMAS WHISKIES.The famous Wigglesworth whiskey,3 years old, only ,$2.00 per gallon.Eight-year-old Sam Clay, in fullquart bottles, only $1.00 per quart.(5-5t) JOHN JOHNSON.I.BIRTHS.Born, Saturday, Nov. 6 to he wifeof Mr. Charles Thomas, nee Moore, adaughter second born.THE SHANNON STOGK CO, ATTHE PARIS GRAND THIS WEEK.The Shannon Stock( Co. openedthir week's engagement last night toa most, appreciative' atidiende. TheShannons have a very clever compa-I ny, one of the best that has ever vis-ited Paris. "Elegant special scenerycarried by the company. Vaudevillenumbers were introduced between thea'cts by Harry Shannon, , Jr., RosalindMahan and H. C. Soubler that broughtforth rounds of applause. jSome handsome gowns were wornty the ladies. The Shannon StockCo. deserves to play to big businessall week. "The Village Gossips" istne bill for to-night. - ' jI .RELIGIOUSATTENTION, SUNDAY , SCHOOLS,OF PARIS! ; ' ,rMr. Geo. A. Joplin'ahd Mr.- W. J)Vaughn, State Sunday school 'work-1ers, want to meet the warkers of allth6 Sunday schools of Paris tonight,at 7:30, in the parlors of the 'Christian church. All churches i "cordiallyinvited and urgently requested to bepresent.HOUSTON RION,i Sec'y Bourbon Go.S. S. A.SUSTAINS SEVERE INJURYIN'. ' PECULIAR ACCIDENT.Mr. Sam Woodford, of this city, sus-itain a very severe injury to his rightsome time with Thos. Buckner at hishand in a peculiar manner Friday' andit was thought the amputation of twofingers would be necessary.. Mr.Woodford, who has been spendingtinle with Mr.- Thomas Buckner ,at hishome in the country, came to townFriday morning with Mr. Buckner, Jwho wqs .driving a heavily loadedwagon TJie team stopped on a steephill and Mr. Woodford attempted toplace a rock .beneath one of the, rearwheels. In so doing the two fingersof his right hand were caught betweenthe wheel and stone, crushing themalmost off. He was hurried to thiscity where his injury received. atten-tion. ' ,,. ,r.A. VV;.x. AYPv- V .-! iLEAGUE'S REGULAR MEETING' , ' TO BE HELD IN JANUARY'The'i December meeting of the Ba-rbies' Health League, which was announced. for Dec. 11, has been, postponed until the fatter part of January. The date of the - meeting willbe given out later. :dta&aL-!! EMUS UK vv WV ..mm m m in aBIBBBBBn MVxWhat would Your WIFEDO IF YOU DIED WITHOUTA DOLLAR IN THE BANK?0XGan YOU answer this questiori? 'Make OUR bank -YOUR 'bank -,f ' ?' - iWe pay 3 per cent interest on Savings." i . i iiDEPOSIT BANK OF 'PARISCapital, SiOO,000.00.J. M. HALL. President!41Surplus, $40,000.00.C. K. THOMAS. CashierMHKMBBBMfl5mmmmmmHmmmmmmI mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmW JmmBmmV 'mmmmmW . mmmmm! mmmmm! MMMMMmB- ImmH MM fMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMi svH ' IMMMMmH MMMMMMmBMMmWmmmmmI mmmmmI mmmmb 'mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmB mmmmb ' ' mmmmmmmm! mmmmmmmmmmmmVMMMlB MMlB MMMMMMl MMMMMMMMMMmV MMMMMlfl ' MflMMMMr 'MMMMlVmmmmmI MmmmmI "'YmmmmmV mmmmmv mmmB mmmmb mmmmH mmmmmi mmmmmW 'mmmmmI mmB mmV mB mmmmI' , , mmV mmmmB ; l mmmK(r t.1 '.!,.' ni 'l 'i i. i ItfMfeMMMMMf N MMMmTM.MdMMMMM. MMHMMVMMw..MMMJMMMMMMMMk. " s9vMBABMMMM. 'MMMMMM MMMMMk sSntBr 9MMMMMMMMMv MMMMMt MkSu BMHmmmmmmI ' MmmmmI mmmmmIvMMMM MMMMMf wMMMMBl. MMMMMVttt4iBioS . .l It I , ' ' Ml M iPECIALt ;.1 rSale:OFSuits, Cloaks, Dresses, Skirts, Rain Coats, Furs!7 f'iOwing to the protracted warni weather and the backward Winter season, wefind our stock, of ready-to-wear garments entirely too large for thistime of the year. Qur Loss Your Gain, Look, over these prices, i All goods marked in plain figures. rEvery garment marked withoriginal price arid reductions made as fallow. All garments CASH, or if you- have a, regular aocdunt same will be 'charge'd oh bill' payable' January1, 1914. Sale Begins Tuesday, December 9.. ,f; ;; " !SUITS$35.00 Grade, now.' .'iV!, ,.',,' :$19l7525.00 Grade, now J20,00 Grade, now..'..'.Stout Ladies' Suits;... . , t , i 7Made Special, all sizes '"; $35roo Grde. nojy.v.;:::.,.:;...::.25.00 Grade, now-.-. t w. 'S. .'.... . -i;: '.t , j t. .," -1 '6.7S. . 32.50 Grade, now::.v::: ;.". .I '..:; 15100j'..f..vJ... 16.75..:..::.,!( 1.75' it'i 'i )i '"iBestyette Rajn Cajges, s including: "Boole Satchel ''Special at $265 Eaich ' !'LADIES' CLOAKS'. $5.0b .Grades, now .'..... V. .'.;..'....'. .v . .J. . $18.75l" -20.00 Grades, now ..-.,. ...P.. ..'.:.. ..V. .. ,1 4,75 "w - S -.' 'M' )lo.uu uraaes, now . : i i-u , i,,l .75niSpeaal Values in Cloaks at .i( ; ",lt .;i l)$5:00, , $7.50, $8.75, $10.0QVRaiinje and.Siergc prcisses, sold formerly ,at $1,0 to $1 5Choice Only ,$7.75i. i- .j ji . . , i'All-Wool Dresses, sold formerly up to $8.75, now.$4.S5I.EXTRA SPECIAL '" ',1t0 Beautiful Dresses, jvery latest Styles and made of.Wo'ol and Silk Crepes.' Sold formerly at$20.00 and $25,00 each jSpecial at $12.75CHIIlDREN'SeOATS: s -$10. 00 -Coats, now .-$7.757.50 "Coats, now ., '. . y . . . . v . . . 5.65" 6100'Coats, noifr I .. .". . . ! .'. . A .'. .". : '.'. . I . . .V. L. 4.755. 00 'Coats, now1' .i -3.95 :FURS-Any Fur Set, Muff or Slcarf; at Redded Price Evening Dresses, ftain, Coats and Separate Skirts- Included in this, Big. Sale. ''j ' iI ri,3mmrmmT!':Millinery Plain Hate. $1iOO Each; Trimmed Hats $1,95 to $4.95 Each.See Our Bis Display for Christmas--Presents Suitable for tlii)yWblIeF-ami(lU Ar v Toy Department Upstairs Over Main Street . t ' ' J - ' '-' J ' 'wV;: r&I)1-,"VIIE4miITtV'-Il:v rrf j1 HE BOURBON NLWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DECEMBER 9, 1913f ' IIM - - -T-.-- " "" ' ' - ,2'Wf? ita-9-f s :rSCA"Fi'fva5-1 '" Jgyy'-w -araaw - -w-y..YOU can.purchase a,section holding20 or more vqluities lor about theprice ol one GillBook.Thats Worth Considerings:iBHO USE WAITING IONTo Select Your Christmas Present Nor is There Any Reason to WorryAbout what to Buy or Where to Buy.YOU WILL FIND SOMETHING HERE FOR EVERYBODY!A CHRISTMASto be tasteful and tactful on the giver's part and pleasing to the recipient should be useful, ornamental, serviceable andpleasing to the sight. These are the kind of presents sold here. Let us help you do your shopping by making a few suggestions. Corne and see what we have. You can select your presents now and have them delivered when you wish-andyou will get what you buy and it will be delivered promptly without further worry on your part.iPush JheBiitton-and Rest"apdMfcoT Bt.efsiaHTKeUiw-airs.Can you imagine abetter present forany man? Give- himone and watch himenjoy it. Let us showyou these.Music CabinetsPiano BenchesElectroliersCostiimersChiffoniersComfortsB anketsWriting Desks'Office DesksPedestalsRugsLace CurtainsPortiersEasy ChairsLibrary" TablesChina ClosetsBy all means giveconsideration to aKitchen Cabinetfor a Christmas present, and make it agood one. That is thekind the McDougallis.Dining TablesRattan RockersBed Room SuitesBrass IB&dsMirrorsFolding BedsOffice ChairsHat RacksHall BenchesBook CasesWood MantelsIron BedsBeddingServing TablesTea Wagonsnavc you ever experienced the pleasure of i resting in apiece of a -Jamestowa UpholsteredFurniture?.Let us show you this " goods,and if you are in the market fora Christmas Present with classyou will know you have found it.Our Showing of Medium Priced Pictures is Unsurpassed and thePrices are Absolutely Right.Doll Beds, Shoo Fly Rockers, Dining Chimes, Mottoes, Book Racks, Matting Boxes, Smoking Sets, SewingStands.Duntley Vacuum Cleaners.Now here S something that.ry housekeeper wants. Buyone now Delivered when wanted.Leather Goods.See the Leather Table Covers,Sofa Pillows and Hangers:CEDAR CHESTSMTHERE IS ONLYIIQNE KIEL DAVENPORTiand I am the Exclusive Agent.ThisXis also the home of the OWEN andSTREIT. Mow many women would like onefor a Christmas present? See them now.IiBurkhardt Library and DeskTables.Before Selecting your table letus demonstrate the superiority ofthe Burkhart, for it is superior inevery respect.Go-CartshavelJjust Ibccn received. Theywere ordered especially for Christmas.Never before has such afline of suitable Christmas Presesents been shown in any store in f Paris. You arecertainly cordially invited to make inspection whether you buy or not. If you don't we both lose. May we havethe pleasure?Corner Sixth and Main Streets.a .tSi1iU. T, HINTOINBoth Phones No...36iPARIS, KY.hii't. Jf -nj' vcy s-- i''y- w - - - ."11.-1.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., DECElgBEft ? 13Q$nff &&&?&&&&& .- jkJHfrrtMOTH CAVE NATIONALSPARK BILL TO BE PUSHEDKvery effort will be made by Representative R. Y. Thomas, Jr., of Ken--tucky,during the regular session ofIkis Congress to procure the enactment -of the Mammoth Cave NationalPark Bjll. Mr. Thomas reintroduced-tkat measure, calling for an appropriation of $1,000,000, and it was referred to the House AppropriationsCommittee instead of the IndianAifiiirs Committee to which, it was referred during the last r6gular session.Tie Third district Congressman mamtalks ''that it was an error of reference when the bill was snt to the.Military Affairs Committee last year,a& he hopes for greater success forit ia the hands of the Appropriations,jCraunittee.Belated 'Profession.Considering the fact tliat human beings have always been perfectly lovelyabout showing other people how todo their work, the marvel 'is thai: thenew profession of scientific management didn't break out sooner. TheCynic, in American Magazine.Way of Woman. -yNo' woman cares to face an emerceacy without first ' powdering hejjT.oiFaults Common to All.On the whole we make too much offaults. Faults? The greatest of faults,I should say, is to have none. Thomas Carlyle.MMMMMHiiMMHMMiMiMMar-5' "5k V T' ' J7rjjjJl mJmJI A- -.s BRod Building Subjects to BeDiscontinued in LexingtonDuring January.ATTND, THEGirl's Man."The average girl's idea of a manis what every healthy man wants tokick" From The Gay Rebellion, by R,W. Chambers.Few Fireproof Domiciles There.More than half the dwellings in NewSouth Wales are built of wood.I N STRUCTION F R E E.t,phoneson FarmsOc per Month and Upefe is no telephone on your'rite for our free booklethow you may get service at,- oatAddressMERS' LINE DEPARTMENTnd TelephoneTelegraph CompanyINCORPORATED.122 SOUTH PRYOR STREET, ATLANTA, GEORGIAObject Is To Improve Effici, ericy of RoacT Engineering '-Program.,g luc Special tnameivI& ft: ij(3 BnState University, Lexington, Kenttuckv. will open a short course inj Highway Engineering, January 5th to17th, 1914, for the benefit of peoplewho are interested in the Good Roadproblem of the State.No tuition will be required for thiscourse ana tne expense outsiae otrailroad fare should not be over $10.It is hoped that every County Engineer will take advantage of this oppor-1tunity to improve his education, andthereby better the road condition inhis county. Men who expect. to become County Engineers or RoadBuilders should avail themselves ofthis opportunity to prepare for an ex-iamination before the State HighwayCommissioner. Special instructionswill be given to men expecting to takethe County Road Engineer's Examination. The mornings will be devoted to lecture work, men of the highest reputation in their special line ofwork have been secured for these lectures and it will be worth while of anyone interested in Highway Enginering to attend these lectures.The afternoons will be devoted topractical field and office work, suchas the use of transit, level, plottingprofiles, laying grade lines, and making estimates of cost for various kindsof work. -The State of Kentucky has spentmillions of dollars on her roads; ifthese roads had been constructed ofmaterial and by methods approved byexperienced road builders, they wouldhave been a source of pride and pleasure both to those who built them andto the Commonwealth, instead of having brought censure on all who wereA- J .I1- it- 1- -,.! ,1.1,1Connected WlUl ut wunv a.uu auucugreater opposition to all Good RoadsMovements.It is with the view of equippingmen with a better knowledge of roadbuilding that the University has decided to give this course. Each lecture will be from thirty to forty fiveminutes in length and after each lect(Continued on page 7)Wednesday Dec. 10.eSale starts at 1 0 o'clock. Here are a few of theitems' that will be on sale:. -1Large Size Dish Pans,'Water Buckets,Stew Kettles, Etc.rThis will be one of the largest granite sales this year,so don't fail to attend.Don't Forget That We Are Headquarters ForChristmas Toys and Novelties.Give Us a Call.National 5 and I0-Cent Store.-Limon9Xi.-X,-. X'. xy. X: XSALE OF MANUFACTURERS SURPLUSAt Prices Positively Reduced One-Third to More Than One Halffrom Actual Values.The recent warm weather caused all manufacturers to be overwhelmed with surplus stocks, caused bycancellations, etc- These stocks had to be turned into cash at once, so we took advantage of the conditionsand bought tremendous quantities of high class merchandise at rediculously low prices.These sensational values, together with our own readjusted stocks, are now on sale proportionately reduced. Thisimportant event is without Question the greatest bargain-giving sale of the year.1 We Have Divided These Garments into Six Lots..$ 8.9512.50iffi or no. iAll $ 1 5.00 and $ 1 5.00 Suits at .LOT NO. 2All $20, $22.50 and $25 Suits.LOT NO. 3All $27, $30, $35 and $40 Suits16.95Iadies' 0oMsLOT NO. AAll $15.00 Coats atLOT NO. 57vi or ce rVksi jtl .iJ.JJ V-VtJiO Ui$ 7:5012.50LOT NO, 6All 35.00 Coats atCHILDREN'S COATS$7.50 quality at;17,503.75OIE LOT Of GAGE BROS.' SOFT VELVETHRTS, WOrth $2.50, $3, 3.50 a!l QOcolors vJOCGome Earlv for tlie BestSielectibris and tell yourfriends about ttiis greatevent.fm " . -rJr-k : ' XtinP A ) i,; J II II' r-lii it-s''v". v0- T.r-. f fV, .Ar,KK1t1r.iJf2&IV-4ri.IiifftmaxMisr. ,.. .. ?..-i?ita" XX m m -xekB7WTH;m$Mm M$M MiM. MiPm 5;'-jvAK.-kSioa3Ufsjw- ; -IpriAn cwnivrcDivn 'mmm. COURSE AT STATE."Qailyamo Theatre Todays(Continued from page 6)ure a period will be allqwfedin vhickthe subject will be opehqcTfof discussion. -The program follows:PROGRAM : ''Monday, January 5Registration.Tuesday, January 610:00 a. m. Address of WelcomeHenry S. Baker, President' of Kentucky State University.11:00 a. m. Needs of Good Roads ,Prof. Walter E. Rowe, Dean Collegeof Civil Engineering, . State Univer-.sity.mmm9mmmmm96mmmmmmmmz. s ;(Courier-Journal.TX.ot ''ts::("I --l . I I' 1""" tT 1 "f""11:,30 p. in . Organization of Field;I1t-wmmssDURINGDECEMBERJANUARYFEBRUARYme BourDon News!thas made special arrangement whereby the Daily3t)I9mmmmmmwmmmmmmw540mmmmmmtoCourier-Journal can be furnished one year for$3.00, six months $1 .75, by mail (Sunday not in-eluded) to all patrons who will give their orders tous during the months named above. Better still, 2you can have the Daily Courier-Journal and the JBourbon Newslone year eachFor Only $4,75After February 28, 1914, the price of the DailyCourier-Journal alone is $6.00 a year. Take advantage of this special Bargain Offer at once andREDUCE THE HIGH COST NF LIVING.To Get Advantage of This Gut RateOrders Must Be Sent Us, Notto the Courier-Journal.i5M .- ,-M$5The American Visible TypewriterParties tWednesday, January 7.8:00 a. m. Highway EngineeringText Book D. V. Terrell, Prof, ofHighway Engineering, State University. 9:00 a. m. Construction of Mecadam Roads M. D. Ross, AssistantState Highway Engineering, Frankfort, Ky.10:00 a. m. Alinement and Gradesof Country JRoads R. H. Reese, First"Assistant State Highway Engineer,Frankfort, Ky.11:00 a. m. Design of BridgesProf. Walter E. Rowe.1:30 p. m. Field and Office Practice. Thursday, January 8.8:00 a. m. Highway EngineeringProf. Terrell.9:00 a. .m. Reconstruction of Macadam Roads R. H. Reese, First Assistant Highway Engineer; Frankfort,Ky.10:00 a. m. Tests for Road 'Building Material Dr. M. D. ,Maxon, Prof, jot Chemistry, State University.11:00 a. m. Maintenance of Earthand Gravel Roads M. D". Ross, Assistant State Highway Engineer, ofFrankfort, Ky. 'Friday, January 98: a. m. Highway EngineeringProf. Terrell.9:00 a. m. Brick Pavements WillP. Blair, Secretary National BrickPaving Association, Cleveland, Ohio.11:00 a. m. Road Law and Dutiesof County Engineers Judge LymanChalkley, Professor of Law, State Uni-j versity.J 1:30 p. m. Construction of Bricki "Roads Will P. Blair, Secretary Na-tional Brick Paving Association,' Cleveland,. Ohio.J Saturday, January 10.8:00 a. m. Highway Engineering, Prof. Terrell., 9:00 a. m. Bridge Floors and Material for Construction W. J. Carrel,Prof, of Bridge Engineering, StateUniversity,j 11:00 a. m. Question Box.1:30 p. im. Inspection of Roads in1 the vicinity of Lexington.I Monday, January 12.I 8:0 a. m. Highway EngineeringProf. Terrell.! 9:00 a. m. Road Legislation R. C.( Terrell, Commissioner of PublicRoads, Frakfort, Ky.10:00 a. m. Design of BridgesProf. Rowe.11:00 a. m. County Organization1 J. Russell Gaines, President Countyj Roads Engineers' Convention andCounty Engineer of Jefferson County,' Louisville, Kentucky.1:30 p. m. Field and Office Practice, iTuesday, January 13. -8:00 a. m. Highway EngineeringProf. Terrell.9:00 a. m. Estimates and Con1tracts Prof. Rowe.10: a. m. Interpretation of Specifications for Asphalt and BitumeousMaterials Prof. T. F. Ott, ChemistrySXKBZXflBHlHilHHHIHBBiBSIBHI'UikJMHEH&&hmDANIEL FROHMAN PRESENTSRSFISKEuTESSMIN HER FOREMOST SUCCESS,OF D'URBERVILLES"...-SIThe Tender Portrayal of a Wo- ..Jiman's Sorrows, irMotion Pictures.Six Reels ofxXxoNo advance in price 1 Oc; children5c- We advise all who can to come inthe afternoon, and thus avoid therush at night.The next Famous Players production will be shown at the Alamo Theatreon TUESDAY, DECEMBER 16th,"In the Bishop's Carriage"rwith MARY PICKFORD, in four reels.x9aGREAT INNOVATION IN THE TYPEWRITER AND EDUCATIONAL j Department, State University.ideal for Home Use or a Small Business Correspondence-For over twenty we have been manufacturing strictly high grade, durable,low-priced typewriters, aud this typewriter represents the results these- years ofexperience. " The American Visible Typewriter stands today absolutely' alone inthis field. The Ideal Home Typewriter.JBIPORTANT POINTS OF THE AMERICAN VISIBLE TYPEWRITER.' 1st All writing is visible.o( xt will handle a small private or business correspondence.,3d gQ simple in construction that a child can operate it without an instructor.Full -directions with each machine. -i ' n i4th Finish handsome black enamel with gold .lettering, base-board ma-&5th Portability Weighs 2 lbs. Furnished in Leatheroid ease 6x10x3.6th Inking is'automatic7th Paper feed, line spacing, letter and word spacing is like the high-pricedmachines Takes paper 9 1-2 inches wide. Will do everything but meet the reattireinents of a heavy business correspondence."th Teaches young people business aud commercial forms. Is of great assistance in school work-makes it interesting and attractive.otjj The letters are arranged like the .standard keyboard machines. Savesinucfi of the time required at Business College in learning the use of high-pricedmachines. , . . . . . ,10th This machine may be exchanged at any time within a year for theAmerican S50 Typewriter at special price of 30.s-ilth Sent bv parcels post prepaid upon receipt of ;.AGENTS WANTED.- THE E. GOLDBERG CO.,20-26 West 22nd St., New York.11:00 a. m. Rock Asphalt as aRoad Material R. C. Terrell, Commissioner of Public Roads, Frankfort,Ky.1:30 p. m Field and Office Practice. Wednesday, January 14.8:00 a. m. Highway EngineeringProf. Terrell. v Q9:00 a. m. Earth Roads Geo. D.Marshall, TJ. S. Highway Engineer,Washington, D. C.10:00 a. m. Design of BridgesProf. Rowe.1:30 p. m. Road Material, Graveland Broken Stone Geo. D. Marshall,U. S. Highway Engineer, Washington,D. C.2:30 p. m. Field and Office Practice.Dept L.drtis&Overby"SPUGS" TAKE UPNATIONAL, FIGHTBusiness' Men's7 Barber Shop,', (Next to Bourbon Bank)3- CHAIRSThursday, January 15.8:00 a. m. Highway EngineeringProf. Terrell..9:00 a. m. Drainage of RoadsGeo. D. Marshall, U. S. Highway Engineer, Washingon, D. 'C.10:00 a. m. Interpretation of Specfications for Asphalt and BitumenousMaterials; Prof. T. F. Ott, ChemistryDepartment, State University.1:30 p. m. Binders and Fillers forGravel and Macadam Roads Geo. D.Marshall, U. S. Highway Engineer,Washington, D. C. '16.C M. CLAY, President 'EDW. BURKE, "JOHN T. COLLINS, ManaScrs-Bourbon TobaccoWarehouse Co.Paris, KentuckySm9:5::I518s.National scope is being given the socalled "spug" movement Society forthe Prevention of Useless Giving bythe Wbmen's department of the National Civic Federation, under the hon-lorarv chairmanship of Mrs. Woodrowt Wilson, wife of the President. Thej movement begun in New York is now31 to be federated in Washingtonthrough committees from the various, States.In a statement outlining the nation-j al scope of the organization, MissMaude Wetmore, chairman of thewoman's department of the NationalCivic Federation, tells of the good to'be accomplished in reducing uselessi giving among shop girls and otherl wage workers, and says- the national; organization stands for individual'freedom in Christmas giving, and for: gifts which spread happiness and1 helpfulness as against collective glvinc and formal exchange of gifts.fev c irU Dfitii;---'Pal 1 Some of these latter .practices areA" Share Or the rUmlC rat.- cnaracterized as forms of "pettyrOtt age Solicited ,, j gi aft" and;as senseless and stupid.Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold jBaths at AHours-No Long Waits. -M-::!.sistant State Highway Engineer, JFrankfort, Ky.11:00 a. m. Design of Bridges and:Estimates of Cost W. J. Carrell,Professor of Bridge Engineering,State University.1:30 p. m. Field and Oilice PracticeAverage Price Opening Day, 1913, - - 13.70I Average Price Opening Day, Lexington, Ky., 1913, 13.19 XAverage Price this market 1 year ago, - - 12.39Friday, January800 a. m. Highway EngineeringProf. Terrell.9:00 a. m. Geological Formationsof Rocks in Kentucky with Referenceto Road Building Material Prof. A.M. Miller, Dean of Arts and Science,State University.10:00 a. m. Dust Preventativesand Oil Treatments J. F. Grimes,-As-Selling Charges 2 per cent, and1 5 cents per hundredSaturday, January 17.8:00 a. m. Highway EngineeringProf. Terrell.9:00 a. m. Split Log Drag J. F.,Grimes, Assistant State Highway Engineer, Frankfort, Ky.IW,.We Have Room on the Inside for Seventy-fiveLoaded Wagons. We Solicit Your Pat:, ronage and Guarantee .CourteousTreatment and Prompt ServicexI,ibiq410:00 a. m. Question Box ana Ge'n' 7;eral Discussion.ADJOURNMENT.v sjigyq&T?rh'.&?J .oo.oo4'. '4 MtnMimnamtnMiimMi?s.vTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DECEMBER 9, 1 91e' -- - - --UJ?4!ISheriff's SaleOFTaxetB;Ionday, January 5, 1914,In front of the court house door, inParis, Ky., about the hour of noon, Ifrill -expose to public sale tor delinquent State and County Tax, for theVe'ar 1913 the following describedreal estate, or enough therof that;may be necessary to satisfy the saidTax 'and the penalty and the cost ofsalef' If any error or double assessment occur in these lists, s pleasenotify us so that correction can betfly ;made. 'A. S. THOMPSON, S. B. C.Walters, Bessie, 1 1-6 acresland,' Tatertown"- .; . ... '. w .v- .White, S. W.,' 3 acres landon Hill pikeHUDDLES MILLS WHITEBurnett, Tilford, 11 acres landMoore Children, lot,. RuddlesMills, 1912 2.2SMoore Children, lot, RuddlesMills, 1913McClure, Mrs. J. R., lot,Shawhan ".Shanks, Jim, lot, Ruddles MillsSmith, Wm. H., lot, Millersburg : . . . '. 1PARIS--WHITEand' lot,19.5747.986,678.924.336.6914.6015.053.02A'TBoM.'H. B., houseIMi Street, ParisBfcrke, P. L., house and lotIRassenfoss Addition 3.03rBfirnett, Mrs. Nellie, 19 acresfcind North Middletdwn pikeBrewing Co., Jung, lot MainStreet "-Bteko, Katie, lot, Henry Division Cwlbertson, E. W., lot, Paris,. .5happell, C. A., lot, Clinton-ille pike 4-8931ark, Mrs. Newt, lot, HenryDivision 2Current, Bourbon, lot Maini5treet 12.34D'ehaft, i., lot, Lilleston avenue 6-02Ebrod, Mrs. S., lot Higginsov. Higgins, lot, Barnes Ad--.dition 4-13-csniH John, lot. Eiahth St.. 32.89Fari, Annie, 2 lots Paris..SHume, MrJLan, 2 lots, 19thand Washingtonhughes, W. S., lot, ClintonvillepikeIHorine, Kate, 2 lots, Washington and Bourbon HightsHammons, R. C, lot, FairGrounds 4.04Insko, Geo., lot, 19th street 12.80Jones; C. G., lot, Clifton Av-enue -82Jacoby, Mason, 2 lots, Pleasant and Main street 63.93Kane, Wm. and Pat, Henry Division 2.75Jvendrick, Rosalie, lot, BarnsAddition 3.76"Mentcn, S. P., lot, Parish Avenue 13.93Mjurry- Thomas & Co., lot,JMain street 14.023Itzger, Elizabeth, lot, Par-.risli avenue 12.34IMedley, G. A. and Wife, lot,Henry Division 10.543Iattox, R. H., lot, Shine Ad-v dition 5.79O'Connell, Alice, lot, 19thstreet 13.46Paris Manufactuing Co., lot,. Main street G3.98Parker, Annie E., lot. MassieAddition 3.87Padgett, Aliie, lot, Fergusonstreet 8.95"Paris Novelty Co.,' lot, Mays-ville pike 6,69Olector, J. F., lot, Paris 9.97.Stuart & Taylor, lot, FairGrounds 3.31"Trisler, J. F., lot, 8th street... 15.06Taylor, yirgie, Highland Place 3.77"Walker, F. L., lot, N Houstonavenue so.sz.Watkiiis, Mrs. J. H., lbt,Brent avenue 2.18MILLERSBURG WHITE.NON-RESIDENTS,Brown, Lyda, lot, Butler Addition v 12.34Burbridge, Ella, lot, Paris... 34.90Bell, R. H., Mrs., 137 acres,next Weathers '. 80.32(Barlow, Rachel, lot, Paris... 15.74Corbin, Mattie and Sallie,118 acres- land next Steele. 77.78Clark, J. Ww, 41 acres land,next Wilson 22.33Holt, Mrs. Blanton, 25 acresland, next Adair, lot mParis, 1913 - 40.31 1Hclt, Mrs. Blanton, 25 acresland next to Adair, and ot' Paris, 1913, ...! 40.31Kennedy, Jessie, 9 acres 'landnext Powers 19.05McVey, Mrs. J. M-, 50 acresland next Terrell 33.22Overby, Robt. " lot, Paris 5.84O'Lea, Metta, 62 acres, Smithland 33.46Ratlifi, Thos. lot, BarnesAddition 2.75Smith, Melvina, 4 lots, nextVimont . 3.52Shelton, Mrs. James, 1 acre.. 3.64Tucker, J. M., guardian forMarv O'Lea, 62 acres landnext Smith '.... 33.83WaTcefield & Moore, lots inParis 12.34Williamson. J. E. D., 8 acresland8.80 I Ffiillr - 1 7 hmP$&c$S$ JvV ml2,JLiuttJ. II HI XmwJMiw. I10-54 lliBRJJ W IsS Ini UllHHr J&MlMiWBlG rORHITURE SALtM5ALH iBER Gf5.32PARIS COLORED..?2.196.323.545.135.094.90I4rms, MalindaN 5 lots Judyville ...: 4.10Barbee, Hattie, 1 lot, Main. street, Paris 19.12JRodgers, Barton, 183 acres"land, Cynthiana pike 125.87Bishop, Richard, 1 lot, Millers-. burg ' 3-20Teeback, Joss, lot Millersburg 3.55lightmaster, Jas., or L. & N.R. R., Millersburg 11.282?eeback. Shell, or L. & N. R.'R., Millersburg 2.28 J?ay, Harry, lot Judyville 4.4Hemdon, Newt., 10 acres land. 8.81"Benson, Mrs. A., lot Judyville. 1.67Humphreys, Foster, lot, Judyville 3.55Insko, Clem, lot Millersburg.. 6.64-Jacobs, Wm., 9 acres land, Redmond pike- 21.17Kendall, Ora, est., 1 acre Mays-ville pike 2.90"Snapp, Hattie, lots, Judyville o.ay"Vansant, Mrs. T. A., lot 'Paris 7.78"Vickers, Jas., lot Judyville 3.87LITTLE ROCK WHITEGillispie, Stanley, 10 acres, nextFrazier 20.36.Johnson, Eliza, 11 acres land. 7.22TRicliie, A. J., 108 acres 90.69rSmith, F. T., N. R., 22 acres" land 14.63-jNORTH MIDDLETOWN WHITE.W. R. Tuttle (on J. H. Bellland) 136 acres next to. Gaitskill 112.20JEteid, John, 27 acres land,next to McClair 19.01'Talbott, M. G., 100 acres land. .next to Hopkins 61.92"CLINTONVILLE WHITE.jljrancis, Laura E., 185 acresland, next Liter 115.45rSmith, Rachel, lot, Clinton-ville 13.40Gilbert, J. T., (88 acres, W.s' J. Davis land) :' 85.70' CENTERVILLE WHITE'EMullens, E. K., 2 acres land,Tatertown 6.34Oliver, J. A., est., lot, Jackson- .yille 5.99"Hose, Georgiana, 9 acres land,- next Allen 6.23Seaton, Maggie, 50 acres landnext Wilsoiu 33.78Shiflet est., 9 acres land nearCentrville . . ..: 5.35Wilcov. J. W.,'. lot, Gypressjstreet ' . . : 11.28Alexander, John, lot, ParisAyers, Anderson, lot, ParisBishop, Ellsie, lot, PansBreckinridge, Henry, lot, ParisBrown, George, lot, ParisBeckett, Geo. lot, ParisBrooks, James, lo, Paris 4.34Brookens. Lou. lot. Paris 2.18Coleman, Lida, lot, Paris S.llColeman, Sherman, lot, Paris. 7.73Coleman. Chas., lot, 'Paris 11.11Christopher, Geo., lot, Paris.. 3.71Corbin, Jas. Admr., iot, Paris 7.85Craig, Dan and Ann, lot, Paris 4.83Clay, Ella, lot, Paris 4.79Chinn, Wesley, .lot, Paris 4.62-Corbin, Jas., Admr. Jackson, lot,Paris 3.53Crumbia, Forest, lot, Paris 3.71Darnell, Leach, lot, Paris 4.15Davis, Harv, lot, Paris 5.46Evans, W. H., lot, Paris 9.99Frazier, Chas., lot, Paris 3.77Fields, Marie, lot, Paris 2.75Fisher, John, lot, Paris , 4.61Ferguson, "Annie, lot, Paris 3.31Fields, Jas., lot, Paris 3.79Fields, Henry, lot, Paris 3.38Griggs, Watson, Est., lot, Paris 4.38Gaines Sadie, lot, Paris 2.91Galliher, Chas., lot, Paris 4.61Horton, Garfield, lot, Paris 3.87Hickman Dave, lot, Paris 7.16Hawkins, Jas., lot, Paris 6.01Hitch, Carrie B., lot, Paris 2.74Jacoby, Doc, Hrs., lot, Paris.. 3.31Judy, Mary Ann, lot, Paris 21.38Johnnson, Thos., lot, Paris 5.12Kellis, Alice, lot, Paris 2.18Kellis, Smith, lot, Paris 6.54Lloyd, Sarah, lot, Paris 12.34Lindsay, heirs, lot, Paris 2.18Lodge, K. P., lot, Paris :. 7.82Lawson, Thos., lot, Paris ' 3.77Lanam, Pres., lot, Paris 4.34Mickins, Mattie, lot. Paris... 4.44Mickens, Eliza, lot, Paris 2.18Mason, Geo., lot, Par;'s 4.99Mack, Anderson, lot, Paris.... 6.54Nichols, Harrett, lot, Paris.OCem9mmmXMAS SHOPPINGBEGAN SATURDAY, DECEMAnd Will Run the RMh of December.So many people have started the hide-away,will deliver when you say the word.DWe always have a place to put your buying andEVERYTHING MARKED IN PLHIN FIGURESURINO OUR XMAS SALE,WWWWWWWW4W$Ladies DeskDining RoomfurnitureWill Please thehome.A Set ot China.A China Closet.A Sewing Table.A Buffet., BIlllllliuMl) IWfip 'IA Shaving Stand.A BrassCostumer.An OakCostumer.A LeatherRocker.Library Table.Brass Bed.miI Durinq Our Xmas Sale Will Be a Great Saving for You.J ..4.......4,.....0...... 'iPushBieButtoii-andRest" A MOFflS Ctldlrmm -"C Jic-kTritr)E5S!VflMTRugs of Every SizeDuring bur Xmas Sale.A Davenport.Davino.Parlor Suite.Bissell Sweeper.Donrjeslic, Sweeper.RUGS OP EVERYSIZE DURINGOURXMAS SALE.V7HEWTOGfiOTA Gas Heateror...A Gas Rangewill make a Useful Gift,or a Kitchen Cabinet, aswe lead them all with theKitchen CabinetTO SHOW YOU.The Happy Home MakersA. F. WheeSer f urnitare Co.2.75Nichols, Plyna, lot, Paris 3.54Nelson, Mary, lo, Paris 2.75Porter, Geo., lot, Paris 5.74Parker, Luther, lot, Paris 4.21Price, Made and Caroline, lot,Paris 3.77Riley. Polly, heirs, lot, Paris 2.18Rice, John, Jr., lot, Paris 7.60Robinson, W. H lot, Paris... 10.55Ross, Richard, lot, Paris 7.16Simpson, Patsy, lot, Paris 8.95Smith, Jane, lot, Paris 2.50Shores, Vince, lot, Paris 6.601Tuniey, Horace, lot, Paris 6.38 jThomas, Sallie, lot, Paris 2.18Thornton, Ollie, lot, Paris 2.181Williams, Amanda, lot, Paris.. 3.54Warren, Kate, lot, Paris 5.57Washington, Henry, lot, Paris 4.90White, Chas., lot, Pane 7.10Young, Harriett, est., lot, Paris 2.18MILLERSBURG COLOREDArmstrong, Margaret, est.,Iot, Maysville pike 5.13Allen, Geo., lot Shipville 5.36Allen, Mollie, lot, Shipville 3.03Allen lieirs, lot Shipville 2.40Brown, William, lot, Shipville. 4.80Breckinridge, Dave, lot Ship-' ville 5.36Baker Emanuel, lot, Shipville. 3.31Broadley, Bettie, heirs, lot,Shipville 2.40Baker, Sarah, lot, Millersburg 2.40Baker, Will, lot, Millersburg. 3.31Baker, Burnau, lot, Millersburg 4.49Clark, Wm., 2 acres land, Millersburg 5.36Clark, Lida, lot, Millersburg. . 2.40Clay, Amanda, est., lot, Shipville .... 2.79Clark, Wm., Tr. Rosa, lot Shipville .j 1.71Combs, Wm., lot Millersburg. . 5.41Green, Mason, 2 lots Millers-TDurg 5.36Glenn, Jas., lot Millersburg . . . 3.87Green, Jas., lot Millersburg. 3.57Huffman Mary, est., Shipville 4.43Herod, Ephram, lot, Millersburg , 6.02Herod, Admr., Mitchell, lot,Millersburg 2.78Haglns, J. W. lot, Millersburg 4.51January, Sarah, est., lot, Millersburg , . . 2.78Jones, John, Admr., lot Millersburg 4.01Jones, Carrie, lot, Millersburg 1.72January, Lizzie, lot, Millersburg 1.84King, Frank, lot, Shipville... 3.99I Latham, Jas. 2 acres land,(Continued on Page -12)9aftti eoac6c s saaiiMitMMtiMMHfiiMain StreetCHAS. GREEN, Mgr.Opp. CourthouserHelpful Hints for Christmas Shoppers.Is it for HUH ? Then the question isEasily Settled. Come to-PRICE& CO,, Cloleis IMen's Suits and Overcoats $10.00 to $30.00Young Men's Suits and Overcoats 10.00 to 30.00Boys' Suits and Overcoats ' 2.50 to 12.50Men's Shirts, Neg. and Pleited bosom 50 to 2.00Men's Flannel Shirts 1.00 to 2.50Boys' Negligee Shirts ... .50 to 1.00Boys' Flannel Shirts '....;. 1.00 to 2:50,Boys' Blouse Waists ..! 50 to T.00Men's Hats : .' 1.00 to 5.00Boys' Hats : .. . . .50 to 2.00Men's and4'Boys' Fancy Cass. Caps 50 to 2.00Men's Fur Caps 2.00 to 6.00Boys' Fur Caps ., 1.00 to 1.50Men's Fur Gloves -.! .' 3.00 to '5.00Gloves for Men in Work, Silk Lined andKid .'...... .-. . . A . .25 to 2,50Boys' Gloves '. 25c, 50c, 75c, $1.00A Nice Line of Cuff Buttons, Tie Clasps, Stick and Pins.Silk Neckwear, one in nice.box 25c, 50c, $1, $1.50Combination Sets Tie and Sox to match 50c, $1, $1.50.t:t4 4Combination Sets Tie, Sox and Handkerchief $1, $1.50Combination Sets Suspenders '. SI, SI. 50Combination Sets Garters and Arm Bands 50cWhite InitiaMIandkerchief, 6 in a nice box.. 50c, 75c, $1.50White Initial Handkerchief, 4 in a nice box 1.00Plain White Handkerchief 10c, 15c, 25c, 50cThe genuine Silk Bandana Handkerchief $1.00White and Fancy Silk Handkerchief ... 25c, 50c, 75c, $1.00Men's Cotton Sox in all colors '. . .10c, 15c, 25cMen'? Fancy Silk Sox : .' . . .50c .Men's Phoenix Silk Sex.. '. 50cMen's Hole-pioof Sox, 0 in a box, guaranteed $1.50Men's Silk Hole-proof Sox, 3 in a box,, guaranteed.. $2. 00Phoenix Mufflers in all colors 50c to $5.00NMen's' Umbrellas $1.00 to $3.50Suspenders for Men and Boys.... .' . .-... .25c and 50cMen's Coat Sweaters $1.00 to $8.00Boy's Coat Sweaters :. .$1.00 to $2.00Men's and Boy's Rain Coats $3.00 to $25.0044Goods Marked inPlain Figuresvnn adc mici nnuc nun un TDnnni r m ounui nnnnni IUU MIL VYLLUUITIL M1U II U inUUULL IU GIIUN UUUUG2S. A'mm9mmmmmm9mmmwr ', r'x ti f . fi TiMt&oiStiBOwiiEWSj eairi&i iikeEMMRjR .mi?e.mi,has the bestof all Lines made:SOCIAL ANit PERSONALis visitingMiss Mary Glennfriends in Lexington.- Mr. antd Mrs. J. H. Thompsonare spending a few days in.Cincinnai.CHRISTMAS TURKEYS. 1 -Mrs. Sallie Pullen lias 'returnedtfrqm avisit to Mrs. R. S. Starks inMidway.Mrs. Sam Mackey and Mrs. M. J.Murphy are spending a few days inTurkeys Must Be ShippedPromptly -to Reach theEastern Markets ForChristmas Trade,Commending Mouday, De-F in this cc ember 8th, we will begin toreceive turkeys (regardlessof weatherjconditions), .andwill continue to receive themCincinnati.Prof. Robert Hinton, of Georgetown, visited relatives Jn Paris Sun-fTnv nnrl "Mrmrlav ' - 1Miss Lucille Burnaugh, of Car- eF1 treaSffT,.iw U a bv 'the1lisle, Is the guesfcof Mrs, qurtis Hen-L, Amfne $? Fst Presbyteriwv in n,;0 uv House were these., ijirst respyieriPARIS CHURCH WILL GET t, - $1,215 FOR OLD WAR CLAIMThe Presbyterian church of this citywill get a war claim to the amount of$1,215 from the United States government. 1!The House of Representatiyes Friday passed 112 Kentucky "War Claimschiefly for property, appropriated orproperty destroyed during the pivilWar.The large, number of Kentuckyqlaims assed created much commentand testified to the indus'try of a number of Kentucky members of theHmisfl who have been making a herculean effort to break into the TedMrs. Withers Davis ana daughter, Anne Jouett, left yesterday forIn P.hurch. Paris.$i.21B: First Presbyterian churchy Lebanon, $1,380; Han-Li. tnii ,.-.,,4-v.;-u- i- "TXriTIIntil iTiflllv.Louisville to visit Mrs. Davis' parents, TaT .urJr noo. A "R MailMr. and Mrs. E. S. Jouett . 01 Louibvuie, -, -- Rudoloh-Miss 'Lottie -Bramblette-, of this ftfff S0VS?oSSv $31?city, is the guest of liter sister' Mr. O. ni .f!?2, C??i$'J 1 indt-... I -l .-rt-l -rrrr . j it nP 1111 I HI 1 lt5U iBi.,Xia.,uw J.i .-throughout that week, up to" ?i mlle son-.fclc.al-for stores and suppUe,ana inciuaing oaiuraay, Ue- wiinam nogers, or Winchester,xne guests ot Mrs. inranK wnite.cember 13 th.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.JUDGE DUNDON APPOINTS THEAPPRAISERS OF CLAY ESTATE.Judge Denis Dundon. in the countycourt yesterday appointed, Messrs.James McClure, H. S.v Caywood andW. D. Mclntyre as the appraisers oi;theestate of the late, Cassius M. Clay.FOR THE iMEN OF THE FAMILY.You'll find the things they likelitre. ...,; , , ; ;J. W. DAVIS & CO.SWEET CIDERSweet apple cider. The best evermade. Phone in your order lor a galIon. 'it's fine.(5-2d) . ; . ; SAUER. 'FARMERS LOSE MEAT .AS RESULT OF WARM WEATHER-""r?- - -- . . Naxh iiiiii iiii tid.iixj.ka wu. w-w w - -- -wmiam sogers, ot Wincnester, are rr: 7,1 '.niPires .andUU.111U.&CO l,U UUUIW, anfhpr hiiildines and. $.51,000 for miscellaneous claims, all in accordancewith the findings of N the ,Court ofClaims. , - , ,-ff TUMBLER SALE,Nineteen different patters; richdeep cut tumDiers, mwuum6Grystals, 50c. eacn.Hockn(2-2t)FORD& CO.Miss Florence Hedges, the attractive daughter of Mr. and Mrs. 01lie Hedges, .is ill with pneumonia.Mr. James Hukill returned yesterday from Chicago, where he hasbeen attending the live-stock show. -'Mrs. W. L. Davis, of Columbia,S.! C, has arrived for a visit to hersister, ,Mrs. John T. Hinton, in thiscity. ' iMrs. Joseph Baum, of OklahomaCity, Okla., left for home on Fridayafter a visit to her father, Mr. Herhiaii Margolen.Prof. M. ,Hume Bedford, of, Lexington, was the guest Sunday of hismother, Mrs. 'Maria Bedford, in thiscity. ' 'Mrs. Charlton Alexander will entertain this evening with an auctiondinner party in honor of her niece,Miss Anita Moore, of Harrodsburg.Mr. Catesby Woodford, of "Raceland," near this, city,, has returnedto h'is home from Lexington, where heDale's Sanitarium for rheumatism. fThe regular annual meeting of the, , j stockhalders of the Kentucky Associa-Mrs. E. F Spears and daughters, ! tjnn was held at Lexington, SaturdayMisses Elizabeth and Mayme Spears; I morning. Only routine business washMRS. ELIZABETH DENTON'S , 'ADMINISTRATOR APPPOINTEDMr. J.' L. Denton was Saturday appointed administrator off 'the estateof Mrs. Elizabeth Denton, by JudgeDenis Dundon in the County Court.iunoo oil ui 'uopuna smaa 89pfkNTUCKY ASSOCIATIONELECTS OLD OFFICERSMany farmers of this county whokilled hogs early in the month havesuffered the loss of a large portion ofthe meat and in mauy cases all of ithas been ruined. When killed theweather was cool, but the recent coldsnap has played havoc with it, andnow there are mauy farmers who regret their haste in slaughtering theswine. The same situation prevailsall over Central Kentucky, and itlooks as if the farmers hav had acostly lesson in the early killing ofhogs. The loss in Central , Ken- ly underwent an operation at thetucky, it is said,' will reach thousands 1 Massie Memorial Hospital for, bloodof -dollars. " ! poisoning, was yesterday removed to1 the home of her mpther, Mrs. KateMrs. Woodford Spears and iIr. KeithSpears left Friday for Eustis, Fla.,to spend the winter.Mr. and Mrs. Harry , Boqth, whohave been visiting he latter's parents Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Fee, will return today to their home in Louis-un for transaction and the board adjourned after re-electing all the 'oldI directors- and officers. Thfe directorsCatesby Woodford, J. 'N. Camden,T C. McDowell, D. Gray Falconer, O.H. Chenault, R. L. Baker, H. PriceHeadley, G D. Wilson and M. J. Winn,ville, 'accompanied by Miss Florences TIie officers are: Catsby Woodford,Fee, who will make them avisitMrs. Wm. K. Dudley, who recent-nresident: G. D. Wilson, vice president and secretary; Younger 'Alexander, treasurer.READ THE AD.rSORGHUM.- Phone' us iyour order 'for some ofour nice fresh sorghum, purest obainable. ,v M SAUER'S GROCERY,;(25-tf) Opp. Court House.Mann. Mrs. Dudley is improving rap- Pfl r nrtvprtisement on page oidly. ' if pontnins suscestions that will beof value to you. Anything mentionedin this" ad would be a useful and ornamental gift. Remember we save youmonev. No trash. Everything woiththe money.. . J. T. HINTON.SWEET GRASS BASKETS.W. R. HUKILL' SURFERSA' . BR0KEN'H1P4IN ACCIDENT1 lU J TMr. William H. Hukill, Tvell-knownithroughout this t section as fa i hbrse-'man of .prominence, met "with a serious accident? Friday afternoon whena horse, he was driving became unntanagea,ble, running , away and as aresujt qji the in3urie s sustained lMr.Hukillis 'confined ' to his home onBroadway. , ' l,The horse driven" by Mr. Hukill wasthe property of Mr. E. F. Clay, Jr.,and as Mr. Hukill' was driving downHigh street, near the corner fof, Eighth,the 'horse became frightened at (a redlantern .which was used as a signallight on, a pile of bricks in front of'the, new 'building being constructed"l -lVi L V1! m n.' iuy uityor juim x. Jmton.The1 hnimal in its fright' plungedacross the street, 'the wheels 'of thevehicle in which Mr.. Hukill was riding' skidding along the street) cartrack. Mr. Hukill was thrown fromthe buggy with great force and wasrendered almost unconscious by thefall and the intense pain he suffered.The horse turned the corner atEighth street and was stopped at theCjeargetown pike bridge and return-!eu uu uiis city.A, number of persons who had witnessed the accident hurried to, Mr.Hukili's assistance, and he was carried to the residence of Mr. FrankJacobs, 'where Nmedical atention' "wasDumiuuiicu. JL11C ctULCIlUlU piljaiUlclUwas unable to determine the extentujl ins liijunus ciuu lie was removeulater in the flight to his home onBroadway. Friday morning a thorough examination was made, and itwas' found that his hip had beenbroken. -The injured member was.given immediate attentiqn, and, al-muumi suM-ermg consiuerame pain,Mr. Hukill is getting 'along nicely.His ma:iy friends in this cty, aswell as thoe in adjoining towns,where he is well and favorablyknown, are deeply distressed at the.sad accident, and hope for his speedyrecovery. ' . ,tCHRISTMAS WHISKIES.The famous Wigglesworth whiskey,3 years old, only $2.00 per gallon.Eight-year-old Sam Clay, in fullquart bottles, only $1.00 per quart.(5-5t) JOHN JOHNSON.-as .I,-trzr t'nen-lr vvHas Begun in, Earnest. Come Early" and1 :cAvoidthe Last Days' Rush.tis3OUR DISPLAY OF CHRISTMAS NOVELTIESIk the. largest and best ever sllown.by us. CHRISTMAS 'QIp'TiS BORl,OLD AND YOUNG, sSeeour TOYS AND DOLLSHANDKERCHLEPS by the thousand s-mdny specialsVJi--'l NiSKSOV 'IeiyouKID GLOVES in light,' medium or heavy weights, Sl.OOtoTABLE LINENS AND NAPKINS in exclusive patterns. (Robe and Bed BLANKETS in endless variety. jImported COUNTERPANES - perf ectly beautiful. . .Best SILK HOSE on earth at 50c, 75c, l;.00 arid 1.50.' ' ,Our NECKWEAR will please you. t '. " 'ART. PIECES in Red Maderia, Cluny, etc. .; ' - J 'Silver and Parisian Ivory TOILET ARTICLES. I !Comeand see the many novellies we are showing..' We can please JWi Ed TMcker; iParis' Only Exclusive Dry Goods 'Store. , j.t i i'!. ' , i t 1f"IW. vTT L IVWLj;IiUk fiVAxr 1U:Huit yuan i j ujjiA FEW SUGGESTIONS,A fire set, carving set, dinner set,chamber set, or water set makes anideal giftsuit. V-T ' '(2-2t)we have them at prices toFORD & CO.BOURBON COUNTY FARMSCHANGE OWNERS.' We Wll what is good, and ask you tobuy, our shoes because they are good.It isn't price ttfat sells our shoes, forshoes can be made to sell at any price.Cl (UtIt's Goodness, Merit, Worth andValue That Sell Them.i, Hugh and Hazel Craigmyle, thechildren of Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Craigmyle, of Jackson, Ky. , formerly ofParis, were operated on at the W. W.Massie- Memorial Hospital, iii thisrupi ctm Afwwi5kiF; i cit'' f or adnoids, Friday, and both areCHRISTMAS WHibKiEb. improving 'nicely. Mr. and Mrs.-,, . , ., u- i i Craigmyle are the guests of Mr. andThe famous Wigglesworth whiskey Fh mh htY to n.oW i nniv to nn nar craiirkn ' iUrs- Jesse rencn, on xii&n Jitreet.i,... ' uri; rfi : V..iti .v . . . -. J wto i,nvp n most beautiful line ofJ. Uaigat-year-uiu cam ia, m i-uu Tlie s-nand JtfJUClire k LI1U0 Was ,.- - ------quart bottles, only $1.00 per quart. ! delightfully entertained Thursday by sweel grass baskets All sizes anaJUtLM JUWiNbUis. Mrs. warren Rogers at her home on " ?"u t hocw vn 7niTld eet' I Cane Ridge. The ladies were invited prettiest work baskets you could get.for 12 o'clock luncheon, which "was Also .large: swqK ol "" Jserved in several courses at the card waste backets-, Call in and see tnexn.You'll .find at our store. Men's pres- tables. The guests who enjoyed this I. (21'tE) i-Aitis nuuiv .delightful entertainment were Mes-tdamesfW. T. Talbott, W. L Yerkes, , N0VEMBER HONOR ROLLB. A. Frank, Laura Wiggms, W. B. , QF THE PALMER SCHOOLwoodtord, uatesDy wooaiora, jr., juu'(5-5t)iHTHINGSMEN LIKEents from 25c up. ,' J. W. DAVIS & CO. i , ' ',WHIXE MAN LOSES ARM AS-- . ... . .r-,T- t ., .. . , T- -1 i.A KESULi ui- Aijoiutoi i Turner, unaruon Aiexanuer, rveuert ,1 ' v I Meteer, Jesse Turney, Amos Turney,JThos. , Loving, a wjiite nian em- Clay Howard, and. Lunceford Talbott.ployed with a construction gang on j Three new .members were chosen,the Louisville & Nasliville railroad, j Mrs. Alex Duke, 'Mrs. Robert Meteei;was-jTiin. over by a train at a late and Mrs. Clay, .Howard. The clubMr. William Parrish, of Cynthiana,has purchased of Mr. Janies Dunn, .ofnear Ruddles Mills, his fapn of sixtyeight acres, located near RuddlesMills, at $125 per acre. In the dealMr. Dunn took over - Mr. Parrish'sgrocery, and Will move to Cynthinato continue the business.Mr. T. J. Fleming, of near LittleRock, has purchased of Mr. John W.Boardman, of Mt. Sterling, the HenryBoardmaiL farm located mean LittleRock, containing 100 acres of land,with improvements, paying $100 peracre for it Mr. Fleming will takepossession of his purchase on Mar.l,1914.LOVELY XMAS GIFTSThe same applies to our Children's Shoes.Children are hard on shoes, but most qfthe trouble lies in poor shoes and poorshoe making. Our shoes are good, andare made by the-best of shoe makers.Give us a call and be1 convinced.';.34Geo. , Mc Williams,Phones 301PhtThe Shoe ManIIm-iTimir last Thursday night, and hisrightarni so badly mangled that amputation wos necessary. Loving was-taken to the Massie Memorial Hospital Friday morning where the operatiomwas performed. The man couldgive no' account of how the accidentoccurred 'anc! stated that the first heknew of his injury was in the Duncan avenue cut, in this city.The following is the honor roll forthe Palmer. School, taught by MissAmanda Rummans, for the month ofNoyember: Willie Kennedy, 99; Loraine Brannock, 93; William' McKen-iurs. iiiy, .nuwdiu. xu uuu. 91 George BrannocK, yz; ivan-w,ill be entertained next week by Mrs.; . -Rrarinocv '90 ; 'James Brannock,vyigginstBeautiful hand-painted china andwater colored pictures make loolyXmas gifts. Fbr sate. ,by . . ,.MRS.HATgEJIB H. HILLEast Eighth StreetHome phone 379 ,Jqs- Homer Tavlor. 94; Elizabeth Ma-n,u t.. nu. rih honey, 91; Florence Penney, yanwill hold its regular weekly meeting-S&CHRISTMAS WHISKIES.(-tat the -cl'ub rooms in the Elks' HallWednesdav af tendon at 2:30' o'clock.I The subject of the meeting will be'"Music In America.7' A delightfulJ program, which will be in charge ofMrs. Albert H. Morehead, lias been1 arranged for the occasion. , Mrs.'gihe -fmous Wigglesworth whiskies .3"vyars,old, only 2.00 per gallon.J3ight-year-old Sam Clay, "in vfullquart bottles, only $1.00 per quart'.(5-5tL ' JOHN JOHNSON. ,NEGRO CUT IN NECK BY 'MAN WHO MADE ESCAPE.Otto 1, nomas aim ciiijiin. xviv.wo.iu-Morehead will be assisted by Mrs.Frank Fithian, Miss Clara Bell O'Neiland Prof. Morehead. The programIneels. 95: Lucie Smith,' 93; HedgesTaylor, f94j;i Irene Smith, f 93 ;f LuluHenson, 92; Josie Bra'hnock, SO; ElsieMynep, 91; Thelma Mynes, 94.ICCAR DERAILED CAUSES' ' ', DELAY IN TRAFFt iOne car of. a freight train was derailed south 'of Winchester lyeste'rdayafternoon, wlijch delated traffic onthe L. & N. for six, hoursSAVE MONEY. fSANTACLAUS' HEfADQUARTERSAs usual our store will be SantaClaus' headquarters this year thesame as,-in years past, qnly.on a larger' s'cale.' Great 'bargains -n toys,"What shallI give?"i06omeand:-' tiehr'ihtf-..it, . ,' . .dsi- km1 ri j ' rz1ZlSgM-t lH'When you buy why ' not buy the 1best specially if it 'does not costany ' more? ' We" are talking aboutMcDougall Kitchen Cabinets, the kindthat saves the steps.) J. T. HINTON.will include vocal and instrumental 1 vnrno. pondies. nuts. fruits, etcselections by the most eminent! Rlll.naMe fts for the little ones, suchw -- o .. ..as velocipedes, Irish Mails, roller andice skates, iwagons.j drums, guns, lire-American composers.-The meeting of the Parliamentary1.-11. . rrnxc lianomo lnvnlvAdl -llie?on- """'... r.s'r:;. "r "f ', . "Fads in. EducationS.d'-mSS' .sST SaturkdF 3l bene Sutherland -H.be the leader.-,d., "SrSTJ L1?PS!ue7om-e onbress strC Fridaydangerous wound was"T1."18""? ZlS.lUMZVvrotka. fancy baskets, magic lanterns,J1UD wnicu was pusipuaeu, uum loot . ; - -' ,,.. fht i,. palonlatedweuuebua aLtei uuu. at -o.to u-i. - ... mnrtftv onThe subject for the meeting will be ?". "J "h;"ir. J ,tlTl" (5-5t7 FLAVIN CONNELL.slashed across tne necK wim a j r he Youae ws tastefullyA oangeruu ppn niovGdon I decor ated with plants and cut fltfw-, DoiRicharson wo has been emploj -ed on Afc one k & delicious lunch. mentWILL SAVE YOU MONEY.the.iarmoi x, "" nd has not eon vas served, after which theescape after toe cutting and has not u enjoyed a numbep of games ofbeen apprehended. 1 , . , six.nand jeucKre. The1 first prize, awUdltmam ;uqTAINS sandwich basket, was won by Mrs. ; pur prices.WORKMAN SUSTAINS r w inAv Th consolation fl0-tn .PAINFUL INJUKY IN fc Y t , " " .""''. ,. '....... ' "Ik , 'JiV I prize, a cluster ot carnauons, was giv-i ,Don't fail to read our advertise-on page one of this issue, wewill save you money on groceries.Bring the cash to ojir store and getmore than you can elsewnere. ueauT. iC. LINEHAN.' While cutting a p,iec'e of' stove, pipeInk Thursday mo'rning, Mr. W. F.iw ur-7' -' "; tha Mesdames Eddiexlll, n, &ao m.1.1 " -"" - - -.en Mrs. Jesse Turney. 1 Those wlio NEGRO PRISONER NST,TUTrE,?l,enjoyed the deiglitful' Occasion weije. HABEAS 'CORPUS PROCEEDINGS"Hinton Spears, Ii- I 1jmpiuv ul mc fn,0,r wokiri T-roVkxiQc nnrniis nroceedines msti-Piris Gas & Electric Co., was nam-1 Jesse jiuiuwr, Aiuyj, LT'' " VltntoHhPfor . nonntV. Judge Denisfully Injured in the left eye by a small ai. wa - ; -- Chariton ! Dundon ,by. .attorneys of ,Wm. Lee. the' ; particle of the iron njing irom uie, . Q Wilmoth, John Breh- colored highwayman arfested-m Win-?pe and stokme' his w. Cuk. chester rby Patrolmmi Fred Link, and- taken to Lexington, fJi'lwarh Turner, Ford, j brought1 here came up for a hearing1st removed the iron. Mr. Hill is ge-SSiinJ?. vm HlehJ Mn4v! 'b'ut' vere nostpbned until'V M. nlfffly and it m 'tr. llie injury will result seriously. .land. rgjol'Alle;f w Bd Tucker,' Lee, whb is wu- Atmi ' " I .. ni L. TXT "I . "l rV.A? V n rcr; 3 now going on,-- TaiOTur-RS -. . o L s-l. ' Clendenin, Miss Clara Bacon and MissW? t4 Ihe Special saie -at V.nd.j.Cpijinne;CQllins asiseaj"' '" . - :- nrxxx rkincr nn. f'in entertaining.'WtilllsUII o O iut vii.i, v..,CHRISTMAS WHISKIESThe famous Wigglesworth 'whiskey,3 years old, only $2.00 per gallon.Eight-year-old Sam Clay, in fullquart bottles, only $1.00 per quart.(5-5t) JOHN JOHNSON.HandPainted China.For sale at Mrs. Baird ' millinerystore; The china is painted by Mrs.Floyd, of Louisville, who is one of the'best artists in the South. The workhas to be seen to be appreciated.(It-) MRS. W. A. HOLT.at!of!ibejthe hostesstd will continue qntilJan. 1'Lboys; rajncoas r. Ihayc bought JiooiJ Any boy. wouleVjriniCr UOOUS, clliu in uua wROR X-MAS., tA onH r Ae-es 3 to 15 years.,J have, decided to seU if.asj ;a, -icWapsssiWe4iwanted, un Marion, N,C", where' he escaped trom a cnamgang' atrwork on the public TjOads wasa.rrestedt on a (nominal pharge pi disorderly qondpet and brought 0 Paris.The Marion, . C, authorities" werenntifipd. and DeDutv Sheriff W. H.nnrHc of. 'Marion, name' to Paris to samhmt of 'stock.) N -'' tnlfP. the Prisoner back. Lee at first '. vutt ChamD. " ., x .!to have one. agreed to i-ptum without requisition KnoWn stockholders,, mortgagees',r - j . . t , . 1 i . . -. i .,. 1We have .them just like the men wear papers,, but later became suiDuqrn scurity(ynoiaers, noioers ,01 one prUI1U ieLUBCU UU Su 1,11UUI. UHC licv.a VVHl-. fJl' llJUl'C JLf J ,JfMl umuuHi, vyary papers being j secured, ,ueputj oonus, mortgages or oujpr stjciuii.ihoriH- f-nrtis returned to Marion last '-! None. ' i lm cwirtG tepp TOr VCHir-l r r-ot fhn Rroxton concert on Lee secured attorneys wno iush- ,imsvbui oay or uecemuer, wo. icw. r lbu0..H , "x77 .j-y-yyget my Prices, See iur y ui pon t forget .tho broxon conce on tlihiihftarfArnusVUoeediifXV 'wSl'HxWK-. .THOMAS. almonds, figs, tc. 'Phonens olir'of-self, and J wm save, iasi, sndfu,. which be -jxTSSTATEMENT ,OF THE OWNERSHIP, MANAGE-tMENT, CIRCULATION, ETC,Of ;THE BOURBQN NEWSpublished Tuesdays and Fridays,Paris, Ky., rpquired by the ActAugust 24, 1912.NOTE This statement is tomade in duplicate, both copies to be,delivered by - the publisher to the)!Postmaster, who- will send one copy'to the Third Assistant PostmasterGeneral (Division of Classification) ,Washington, D. C, and retain theother in the, files of then popt office. ,Name of EditorSwift, Champ.Postoffipe Address Paris Ky.Managing Editor Swift Champ.iBusiness Manager Swift Champ.Owners: (If a corporation givtho names and address of stockholdersuoiuing one per cenxor more oisumuI I ' 'I I L;m 11 H ?V1 t11 ) ' sJCS: j rSJlKyH" h r- '1 Vil 1It's"justitiUvery thing".'..:;:i ,y.) wnJJiiH"illi,.AfULL,. .i.Qf. THE LATEST -'.1 ';iNbVELTlES.' ' K;ruIJOaugherty Bros.For Rent.FOR RENT DIS y - y j i M ICottage of five 'rooms on Pleasantstreet. Immediate possession. Calleither phone 34.i . ,M .l ,For Rent!BARGAIN TABILES"6ur 10c, 25c, and 50c. BargainTables are showng values that areX 1 - i .mn rt "w x V i 1P 4.positively uejruuu niaiv-iuH6'I 2-2t) 5 FORD & CO.Farm of 100 acres, located on tlieWinchester! pike. 'Cash rent. ilk-touire of '' -., I HlJME PAYNE,J, 2-3t i , Paris, Ki' t . .' l ' . a i j ' 1 1 , AI JFOR BLACKS-cakes' fAil tlio ?nTPrl?ent5! for malHner black, '. "t 'f K f "! T' t " T" r "j "f 'T v. 1 y..night to sepue tenuis jtion papers on 7 . ; ' SWIFT CHAMJV j icaicej.s.ucnta-s orauge puyuy,UOV. iMCureao. jt ,i . owoiju.vo auu suusunucu upiuiq mc ww, ---- --- -- rorneys , wno man- ,tmsjui oay or jjecemoer. iao. i icw. riwu...e;orniisVnfoceedirfgs, VWi'r. "fc-'O.WKt JPHOMAS. almonds, figs, tc. 'Iyou money.G. L1NEHATLost' ' 3Double-ljarrel, hammerrles htgun 4n Jeather case. Lost oa,,His3.between 4th and 12th streets. Fimfiwrreturn to News offiee'&nd getVewd.'V EWak I"( V FOSlCtes Eninei: 4-htSo..with ypeeial ' heavy eiectfio fcxhttefik ;will easily develop 6-liorse pawrcWilfNaa'ayU igood iaS nM.v Apph' lbPARIS GAS & ELBNTRIQCO .t ':& s k . -Vit ' i'iMywim'fiTHE BOURBON XEWS, PaRIS, KENTUCKY, DECEMBER- 9,19! 3.-.r"- ,A BRONCHIAL COUGHis wearing and dangerous because the inflamed,mucus-filled tubes interfere with breathing and thefresh air passes through that unhealthy tissue.Probably no other remedy affords such promptand permanent relief as Scott's Emulsion; itchecks the cough, heals the linings of the throatand bronchial tubes and strengthens the lungs toavert tuberculosis. This point cannot be emphasized too strongly that Scott's Emulsion hasbeen suppressing bronchitis for forty. years andwill help yOU.Be careful to avoidAT ANYI. C. U. R.Looking For a Place Where YouCan Save Money in BuyingHoliday NecessitiesHere is the place that can save you from 25 to 50per cent, on all your wants. We carry a fuli line ofMen's, Boys9 and Children's Ready-to-WearClothes,Consisting of Suits, Overcoats, Odd Pants, HuntingCoats, Etc. A full line of Men's, Ladies' and Children's Footwear. Ladies' Suits, Cloaks and Skirts,Misses' and Children's Dresses. A nice assortmentof Holiday Jewelry and many other items too numerous to mention, in which we can save youmeney. Be sure and make this store your headquarters when you come to town.You will be convinced when you give us a trial.STAR CLOTHING MOUSE,J. ELVOVE, Prop.Our Call Home Phonel360TO FULL P0BCHBSEB8!v: If you are looking for a goodSuit or Overcoattreasonable prices for Fall and Winter, here is the place.to get one.We made a lucky purchase of Men's Suits and Overcoats that would retail at $15, $18 and $20, but we areCoffering them as a special inducement forctpjLcdl.wDWe also have a full line of Schloss Bros.' guaranteed, -ta ilored Suits for $15 to $25, Emerson Shoes at $4Vnd $5, also Stetson and Hawes Von Gal Hats.Other lines of merchandise can be had at a price thatwill please your pocket-book.4TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.VL. Wollstein, Proprietor.MHfc AND hidesl Um ' HIGHEST MARKET PRICE PAIDM FOR RAW FURS AND HIDESj W P Weot on Cemmittion. Writs for price" lilt menuonlag this ad.JOHN WHITE & CO. SSSSfii.vr5BParis OdorlessLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried usbefore.AH Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats'.Cleaned vandReblockedjto your satisfaction.We IaII ForJ and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy,"Proprietoa Willie xviu veuves uieaueu, snori, uc; long zocV 0tMHHMHI NMi wGEO. W.FUNEIALMECTOB ANDBCnbPHONES DAY 137: NIGHT 299.jf -substitutes and insist on SL-U 1 1 a.DRUG STORE.13-77Cleaning Co.DAVISLICENSED EMBALMER.jBpjBgKfoJjjBJjmaf3Ksmw9nB'Br WErKMESiSome ProfitA handful of raw pig iron, weighingabout five pounds, is worth five cents.From it 60 table-knife blades can bemade, of a value of $15. Convertedinto steel watcli springs, there can beabout 110,200 of those tiny coils madefrom it. They sell for $1.75 a dozen,which would bring the neat, sum of$16,070.83 for the five cents' worth ofraw metal. Browning's Magazine.Long Life.Sir John Lubbock, the scientist, hasshown how long insects may live ifpreserved from accident and harm ofall kinds. The greatest age attainedby an insect, as far as known, wasthat reached by a queen ant, whichlived until August 8, 1888, when shewas nearly fifteen years old. Anotherqueen of the same species died aftera life of thirteen years.Mummy Eyes.Mummy eyes, as they are called,are taken from the bodies of Bolivianmummies, but bear no resemblance tothe human eye. They look like glassshells with gilt inside, and in spite oftheir being solid, they are delicate andvery easily broken. "When exposed todampness the gilt appearance is lostand they resemble a piece of yellowcrystal.Important, Though Unnoticed.We are apt to underestimate theforce of unorganized conviction inpolitics and religion. Milk costs acity as much as water, for all that itssupply is unfocussed, so little impressive in any way. The milk hasnothing monumental about it, but thelofty aqueduct is not of more account. Seeking to Improve Telephone.Because the microphone of a telephone transmitter becomes more sensitive in rarifled air, German electricians are trying to make a practicalapplication of the phenomenon.Always a Way to Do It.Mrs. Exe "Some husbands wintheir wives by sheer audacity." Mrs.Wye "Yes, and man others bysheer mendacity."HOW TO BANKRUPT DOCTORS.A prominent New York physiciansays "If it were not for the thinstockings and thin soled shoes wornby women the doctors would probably be bankrupt." When you contract a cold do not wait for it to develop into pneumonia, but treat it atonce. Chamberlain's Cough Remedyis intended especially for coughs andcolds, and has .won a wide reputationby its cures of these diseases. It ismost effectual and is pleasant andsafe to take. For sale by all dealers.(Dec) (adv)Can You Believe This?Nature's most deadly antipathyseems to have been overcome. A ratwas killed in a pro'duce company'splant in Missouri and left four youngrats, which the cat has "undertakento bring up, meantime not neglectingher duty of keeping the place clear ofall adult rats that come in sight.CALIFORNIA WOMANSERIOUSLY ALARMED."A short time ago I contracted asevere cold which settled on my lungsand caused me a great deal of annoyance. I would have bad coughingspells and my lungs were so sore andinflamed I began to be seriouslyalarmed. A friend recommendedChamberlain's Cough Remedy, saying she had used it for years. Ibought a bottle and it relieved mycough the first night, and in a weekI was rid of the cold and soreness ofmy lungs," writes Miss Marie Gerber,Sawtelle, Cal. For sale by all dealers, (adv)Left Charlie Guessing."Charley, dear," said young Mrs.Torkins, "what'-is a four-flush?" "Whydo you ask?" "Mother used the termin conversation this afternoon and Icouldn't make sure whether she wastalking about you or a game ofcards."DEAFNESS CANNOT BE CUREDBy local applications, as they cannot reach the diseased portions of theear. There is only one way to curedeafness, and that is by constitutional remedies. Deafness is nearlyalways caused by an inflamed condition of the mucous lining of the Eustachian tube. When this tube is inflamed you have a rumpling sound orimpaired hearing, and when it is entirely closed, deafness is the result,and unless the inflammation be taken out and this tube restored to itsnormal condition, hearing will be destroyed forever; nine cases out often are caused by Catarrh, which isnothing but an inflamed condition ofthe mucous surfaces.We will give One Hundred Dollars for any case, of deafness (causedby catarrh) that cannot be cured byHall's Catarrh Cure. Send for .circulars, free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.S,old by druggists, -75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (Dec.) (adv)9MWwmwwwwmwm-M-"r mm mmmTRAINING COLT FOR A FAIROne of First important Things Is toTeach Young Animal to BehaveHimself and Be Quiet(By PROF. E. L.. POTTER, Animal Husbandry, Oregon Agricultural College.)In showing horses at county andstate fairs and horse shows, especiallyin showing colts, It is important thatthe animals be trained for the occasion or they are unlikely to showtheir work.One of the first things is to teachthe colt to behave himself and bequiet, so that he will not get excited,tear around, and "act up" like anaughty child before company, whenled into crowd.The next step is to teach the coltto continue still when it is required.Then it must be taught to stand inthe proper position, with his feetsquarely under him, his front feet sideby side, and his hind feet also side byside, his head up and ears forward.This will not only require training;it will mean that the owner or atten-Pure-Bred Clydesdale Stallion.l dant will need to be constantly ontue looKout to see mat tne annualmaintains his position. One frequent-1;-sees at county fairs men bringing ingood horses, and standing with theirhands in their pockets while allowing the horBes to stand down on oneside with their heads at one side, inno way showing off their points asgood horses. Neither the owner northe horse in such case shows at hisbest.The horse led into the show ringshould always have a good bridle, andnever should be brought in with justa halter, as it is impossible to handlea horse pioperly without a bridle.The colt should be taught to leadproperly to show his action to goodadvantage. He should learn to walkor trot up by the side of the attendantand pull forward on the lead rein, notbapkward. The attendant shouldhold the horse with but one foot ofrein between his hand and the bit.In trotting the colt to the bridle itshould be taught to step up in goodshape, and pull forward on the reininstead of backward. In teaching thecolt to trot for show, the attendantmust run beside the horse's shoulder,always keeping step with the horse.An attendant who stumbles along inhis own gait cannot be expected tomake the horse travel" at his best.Attention to these points will makea world of difference in the appearance of the horse in thering. It willmake a poor horse look better, andprevent a good horse from appearingbadly.PIGS AT MARKET MATURITYTime May Be Determined Very Largely by the Character of Feed andManner of Feeding.From a market standpoint a mature hog is one that has either temporarily or permanently ceased growing and taken on the form and finishrequired by the meat trade. The timeat which a pig comes to maturity maybe determined very largely by thecharacter of the feed and the mannerof feeding.Pigs may be brought to market maturity anywhere between the ages of6 to 9 months. Early maturity isbrought about by feeding an excessof non-nitrogenous foods or by suddenchanges from nitrogenous to non-nitrogenousfoods. By feeding an excessof such a fat-forming food as cornmeal, the pig does not have a sufficient amount of protein nutrients tocontinue its growth, and so begins tolay on fat.It is a very easy matter, however,to carry early maturity to extremesbecause under the conditions necessary a pig will not grow as large oras rapidly, and so his gains will bemore expensive. The thing to strivefor in pork production is to bring thepig to maturity at the time he i tobe marketed and not before.Feeding Young Pigt.After the pigs are two weeks oldthey may be turned into the lot together, where they may be fed withoutbeing disturbed by the sows.Variety of Feed.Young growing pigs crave a varietyof food., and it can usually be- givento them in slops better than in anyAFTER-SICKNESSOROPERATI0fx : j.1. .:,.i,Tn vV".II 19 U fJULUCUK. II UOIUK& fru-ito accept dru&s or alcoholic mixtures when naturecraves nourishment to tepairthe wasted body and restorethe vigor of health.For forty years the best physicians have relied on the wholesome predigested nourishmentin Scott's Emulsioiiwhichis totallyfree from alcohol or opiates.Scott's Emulsion sharpensthe appetite renews bloodnourishes nerves strengthensbones and restores the courageof health to make life bright.Scott's Emulsion sets in actionthe very forces that promote health;it is pure, rich strength.13-80Tyranny Over the Mind.I have sworn upon the altar of God.eternal hostility against every form oftyranny over the mind of man. Jefferson. lew BarbershopWindsor Hotel.Modern Equipment,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty. -CARL CRAWFORDKENTUCKY TRACTION & TERMINAL COMPANY.Interurban Schedule.Leave LexingtonFor ParisLeave Parisfor Lexington-6.00 am 6:45a ma ma ma ma m7:20 a m 7:308:00 a m 8:158:50 am -9:0010:20 a m 9:45'11:50 am ' 11:15. 1:20 p m v- 12:455:20 p m i, 2:153:30 p m 3:454:20 p m 4:305:00 p 'm 5:157:20 p m 6:459:10 p m 8:1511:00 p m 10:05Daily except Sunday.mmmmmmmmm' BUCK FREEMANFirst- Class Barber Shop.Three Expert Artists; NoWaits.Hot and CoIdBaths.Main t. - Opp. Court HouseTry Buck's Coal Oil Shampoo.EEWHE330SfKindness, courtesy and punctuality,Endeavor we to give you.Less money, good quality,Long weight; and anyEncouragement we appreciate. JRing 715 and 106 and we will1'Send your order and our thanks.- tI Keller Grocery Company IProfessional CtnteDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY. ' ''Office 514 Main Street. . rvOffice Phones jl1f T? rn QQfResidence j Home 3.DR. A. B KELIJER,Practicing Physician,.OfflceB, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - - Kentncij-J J. WTLTilAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Bnildine.4 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDepositsVour Deposits Are GuaranteedYOU TAKE NO RISKSIf You Are Interested tWrite UsUNION STATE BANEMuskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000 rPully Paid v, 1Special Rates-fr Excursions.Round trip Winter Tourists to alBprincipal winter resorts in AlabamaFlorida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, South Carolina and Havana,.Cuba, on sale daily Oct. 1, 1913, untilApril 30, 1914, with final limit May 31,.1914; also to principal winter resortsin Texas and New Mexico, on saledaily Nov. 1, 1913, to April 30, 1914,.with final limit May 31, 1914. Liberalstopovers allowed on all winter tour-'ist tickets. Also low round trip"Homeseekers' tickets to points in Ari-zona, Arkansas, Louisiana, Missouri,.New Mexico, Oklahoma, Texas, Ala-bama, Florida, Mississippi, Colorado,.Kansas, Montana, Nevada North Da- 1kota, South Dakota and Cliforniaoasale first and third Tuesdays of each.month, final limit 25 days from date?of sale, stopovers allowed in Home-:1 seekers' territory. For further infor-;Vj mation, call no or address, -j W. H. HARRIS, Agent. 1T. K. SMITH, T. A.MBrjii:AiV-Rvt-.c9MBBIother "way.yY'Ai.-N,THE, BOUKBOtt NEWS,.. PARIS KY.. DECEMBER 9 .1913,b. r ' f j-a "t THE AROMAt IS .t DELICIOUS, Try it To-dayUse it alwaysCosts Less WorttrCERTI F I ED CM ECK COr FEENo Older Coffee Like fc;WMMMWHmfHWMMMMIMMttMIpiPILES! PILES! PILESl"WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMEP"Will cure Blind, Bleeding and Itehlnff Pa3t absorbs the tumors, allays itchmff at on.acts as a poultice, gives instant relief.3?or sale by all druggists, mail 50c and 81'WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, (M4.. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.CANCER CURED1 guarantee every case J un-dertake; 20 years practice; ref-erence, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.?No mnttcr whether the thermometerregisters 105 above or 25 below zero,iisslfianstcd Arc Roofingf coiii be affecro J a particle.Kg iziiitcv '.2 curves or valleys ofoi.r r jcf vr i ncc J. no tin to covericm. tzr A'-r .ited ARC ROOFING-3 very j J'.z' '.e. Tc ii fie Perfect Roofing,mifl the i . rxLnco rl::3ro higher thanwhen e'-'3 err ' II; ued.We mrliit. co'sr l.i mi i 4 !j j.r' - r- refund tbemonejtt&ZJ2&rJTn3 HOOFING CO." ""ZlzislsSold by Millersburg Coal andLu m brc Co.,Millersburg', Ky.Strayed-v Gray mare fifteen hands high, fromJthe Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse, om.Fifteenth street, last Monday. Hasgristle on left shoulder and corner-Ttoth knocked out.M. F. DAVIS,Paris, Ky.( WZ&& J AMALGAMATED ARCI Ladies,Z-Twin Bros.ANNOUNCESSpecial Reductions ForLADIES' JISTID$ Z" '-iNItOrigin of Two Old 8ayings.Going to the dogs" comes from thefeast, where dogs are scavengers ofthe streets, and become so unclean asto he unfit to touch; while the expression "Tell it to the marines" usedto show disbelief in the truth of astory, arose from the fact that whenthe, marines firot went afloat theywere naturally rather "green" concerning nautical affairs, and someonewho related a very tall yarn wastold to "tell It to the marines," theidea being that they could be moreeasily gulled.CROUP AND COUGH REMEDYCroup is a terrible disease; Itattacks children so suddenly they arevery apt to choke unless given theproper remedy at once. There isnothing better in the world than Dr.King's New Discovery. Lewis Chamberlain, of Manchester, O., writesabout his children: "Sometimes in'severe attacks we were afraid theywould die, but since we proved whata certain remedy Dr. King's New Discovery is, we have no fear. We canrely on it for croup, coughs, andcolds." So can you. 50c. and $1.00.A bottle should be in every home.At all druggists. H. B. Bucklen &Co., Philadelphia, St. Louis.(Dec.) (adv)Here Is the HogLexington, Ky.BOURBQN REMEDY CO.,Enclosed find photo of hog that wascured of cholera with your BourbonHog Cholera Remedy. This hog wasalmost dead before using the medicineand then was entirely cured, exceptloss of ears, tail, etc. The hog isi owned by Mr. Skiles Bwing, of Bawlling Green, Ky. He will be glad togive you a testimonial, and we can getseveral more if you want them.JENKINS-SUBLETT DRUG -CO.,Bowling Green, Ky.Ask Your Druggist for ItFOR SALE BY W. T. BROOKS.Cloaks, Skirts, Shoes, Millinery, Waists, Furs, Etc.; Also inSilks, Dry Goods, Dress Goods, Underwear, Corsets, Etc.Will PayPoet's Lot a Hard One.The lives of poets in this callousworld have ever been characterizedby misery and now a New York manis charged with a modern and mostingenious cruelty to an unfortunateband. He advertised for poems, offering to set them to music, and charging the author $21. But most poetswouid prefer to be "published" beforebeing set to music. Springfield Republican.Ornaments Last Longest.Ornaments last longer than anything else that man makes. There arebrooches and necklaces 'in museumsmore than 40 centuries old. Monuments, perhaps, stand second, andhouses third. The life of furniture isshorter still. There is very little furniture in England which dates beyond the year 1500. Pictures last longer than furniturevand there are paintings still in fair condition which haveweathered six centuries of life.Two Sides to the Shield.The Cincinnati Enquirer says thatmarried men live longer than bachelors because it is so easy for the former to increase their pleasures. Whenthey strike a streak' of luck they feeltwice as fine as bachelors becausethey add their wife's joy to theirown. A sophistical argument, whichsounds well enough as long as yousuppress the fact that bad luck goesdouble, too.Arabia's Great Desert.In Arabia it seems that there is atract of land unexplored which isnearly five times as large as GreatBritain. Probably there is no moredesolate waste to be found in theentire globe than that which is calledthe "dwelling of the void." Not asingle river is estimated to flowthroughout its entire 400,000 squaremiles.Something He Had Forgotten.When little Marjorie tried to spreadher, toast with a piece of butter almost as large as the bread itself, herfather remonstrated, saying: "Youmustn't be so wasteful, Marjorie; someof the poor people in China have toget along on a few grains of rice eachday." "But, father," replied Marjorie, "you must rem'ember that riceswells."Genius.Genius is the art of taking infinitepains. CarlylaAttention!Department StoreYou Well'r r' H HPlIfHlCorner 7thlf T '- ' : 4aL-"MMIliHow to Reckon Tonnage.The method of reckoning a vessel'stonnage, carpenter's measurements, isas follows: For a, single-deck vessel,multiply the length of keel, thebreadth of beam, and depth of holdtogether and divide by 95. For adouble deck vessel, multiply as before,taking half the breadth of beam forthe depth of the hold and divide by 95.Naturally His First Thought.An American gentleman went overthe field of Waterloo with a guide,who boasted that he escorted GeneralSheridan over the scene of Napoleon's great defeat. "What did GeneralSheridan say?" asked my friend. "Oh,nothing." He must have said something." "Well, he only-said: 'It wasa good place for a fight.' "Chance for Missionaries.A missionary stationed in a landwhere the natives were cannibalswrote for assistance as follows: "Oursmall force of brethren seems to beunable to cope with the distresswhich prevails in this dark and benighted land. Many of the natives arestarving for food. Please send'a fewmore missionaries."Devised From OJd Legend.The Mexican stamp bears the coatof arms of the country, an eagle on acactus, holding a serpent in its talons.This device is the outgrowth of alegend that the first Aztec settlerschose the site of their city from seeingan eagle so engaged, and situated atthat spot.Pellagra Due to Flint in Water.Professors Scala and Alessandriniof the University of Rome have announced the discovery that pellagrais due to the water of the affected districts, which contains collodal solutions of flint. The disease can be prevented by adding carbonated chalkto the water.Some Situation, Bo!The managers of a Brooklyn cemetery advertfse: "Graves finely situated,surrounded by the beauties of nature,commanding a fine view of the bay,and, in short, meeting every requirement of the human family. People whohave tried them cannot be persuadedto go elsewhere."Surely Sufficiently Governed.The human family is subject tofifty princip.'U forms of government.'Ten Days inMISSEgto Call and Make Your Purchases atmmand MainSure Enough."So you depend on recognition fromposterity?" said Mr. Dustin Stax."Yes," replied Mr. Penwiggle. "Another generation will recognize mygenius.' "But how are you goingto know whether the opinion of afuture generation is any more trustworthy and desirable than that ofthe present public?"Our Eyes Tint the World.a We view the world with our owneyes, each of us, and we make fromwithin usvthe world we see. A wearyheart gets no gladness out of sunshine;a selfish man is skeptical about friendship, as a man with no ears doesn'tcare" for music. William MakepeaceThackeray.Australia Still Unexplored.It is curious to realize that vastparts of the British empire havenever been seen by British eyes orthe eyes of any white man. Nearlya quarter of Australia is still unexplored, mainly in the west, where thepopulation averages only one personfn ev.ery twenty miles.Fell Away in Old Age.A reversal of the rule that it isnever too late to mend is found in thecase of a centenarian of Hartford,Conn., who. according to the Watch-, , w tman, lived up to the age of one nun-dred and since attaining tha,t extragrand climacteric has been arrestedsix times for violating the excise law.Chinese Settlement in Paris.Paris now has a Chinese settlement,which is both law-abiding and picturesque. The first families arriveda year ago, and now one hotel shelters fifty-three Chinese in five rooms.The men are mostly engaged in making toys, which the women and children sell throughout the city.Ancient Alphabet.The ancient Arabic alphabet consisted of 24 letters, to which fourmore have since been added. TheTurkish consists of 33, the Russian of39, the Spanish of 27, the Italian of 20,the Latin of 22 and the French of 23letters.Bound to Get Him.Wife (to sleeping husband) "John,1 1 hear pussy mewing to get in." "Hangit, Mary, I just let the brute in.""Well, then, she's mewing to get out."Life.t .SStStreetsAmerican Salmon inAmerican salmon in tte:Q&ajkitamm,of Tasmania are prospering iroaiMMk .ly. Some of them increased m woifcfrom two ounces to four potmiivkuMtmonths.Strange.Strange things happen. Theotfcrevening we were kept awake tocxuLhour or so by two men arguing a cartain question and for once tha mm'with the "ud voice was right.per .. FARM LOIR!CenL$UNtoHMNW. KING & SON,125 Cheapsicfe. Lcxincton, Kyl VogueClothesFORYoung CentlemeflA Special Feature with us.Suits andI Overcoats$18.00 to$20.00King Quality Shoes ForMen and Boys1 Higgins & FlannapDoyle BuildingOct 3 tf$m - -Jsuits J-w rx ""X-jrft, m? A.4 I ;IsiKtXrr.Je l Lm" ,-iCtH - rrlRwEorlaitesSAPK (jcbntinuQd from Pagtf 8)- Sbipvilje.ft.-"- -v. .- .tMoere, 6eo. lot, Millersburg..4.5ff4.S6.vu-AnSrtnlla v cf Hrtf Millarsvmuiifc,, Ui.U, - v-Uk., WM. .. VlvurgHaoi)( Chas, Jr., lot MillersfUT- '..f...w , ,Mitchell, Kancy, est, lot, Mil-4.1310.78le&lrar i. 3.07PinTieli', Chas.f lot,' Shipville. . 3.31Patterson, Margaret, est.,v lotMillersburg ....'. 5.J3Perry, Wm., lot, Millersburg.. 3J99Parker, Fannie, lot, Millersburg oA)2"Reed. Rosa, lot Millersburg.. 290jbarp, Sam, heirs, lot, Millersburg A.uddutli Ghas., lot, Millersburg -.(.lipomas, Ada lot, Maysville ,pike . . , , t;W31soh, Jas., lot, MaysvillejjikeWilson, Dave, lot, Shipville. ., Wilson, Joli'i, Jot, Shipville..,, Wilson, Smih, lot, Shipville. . !' ' ' fc KITTLE roci coloured3.775.93.775.724.24,5564.66tBferir Wm., 16 ' acres land1 -Cane Ridge.. ..'.,; 17.55Colling, Rebecca, lot String- vtown pike. . , 4 J76Dadley, America, 40 acres landiroxt Hopkins .. 20.551Fiach, Jno., heirs, 30 acres'aett Young 21.49Green, A. J., 5 acres land next v ,Bryant . .,1 , 8.S3Hughes, Bettie, 10 acres landnext Roseberry ... (. .1. . . . (7.54Hillman, Riley, est, lot LittleRock 4.58Johnson, Jas., est. lot LittleRook-.., ' ,5-56Januarii5',!Day;e,r12 acres land ).next Woodford 11.85Kimbroush. Martin, est., lotLdttle Rock2.91Lee, Philip, 3 acres land nextHorton .,...,.,.. ., '6j35Xewis, Elijah, 5 acres landnext Redmon , . - 8.80!Lodge, U. B. P. andjS. M. T., tlot, Little Rock 6.28ItfcGowan, Lucinda, lot LittleRock l2.40Martin,5, Amelia, lot LittleRock ,.:. 2.40Parker, Alex, lot Little Rock. 6.71Simpson, , Patsy, lot nextRogers . 5.12Wesley, Geo , 1 acre, Jacks-f jtown 'pike ., (. . . . f . . . . '- ' 4.74Williams, Frank, 8N acres, next. ,Williams w r8.83Williams, Julia, 6 acres, Cane jRidge t. )6.17Williams, Thos , lot' Little, ,Rock : 3.99' .NORTHM1DDLETOWN COLORED.tBrown, Howard, heirs, 3 acresNorth Middletown ; 5.82o.vvhiraj, heirs, lot North Mid-dletow.n . . . J 4.14John Corn, lot, Kerrville...:.. 7.84Dickso-i, Mary, heirs, lot North.Middletown ' 2.39Duncan, Frank and Ben', lotKerrville 4.76Tisher, Henry, lot, nextv Joms 5.30jJiacK, Jiiuenj jou ; jiay5viue..r. tdarter, Wash1, , 2afcres,:nex( i'Uarv.JGreen. ... .1 . . . :lll. J '6.35A HJ (EyeryDayShoes Ppr The Holiday Shoppers.A Clearance Sale of all short and brokenlines we must have to makeenormous stock of theBest and Most Fashionable FootwearPor Men, Women and Children at Record-Breaking Low Prices.I m4H t)4.00 Ladies' Gun Metals- iOpT f' (m Tc-aswreoascjr " 19 .L?S.aHMMMMflS. V-.v"iT" VfVt, ,' tVv T &"?' x'v' . SI y.!?tA? .r'Cl-l.Gay, e Geo:,- rMts lot,- North"I ' V j jfi r sV?miuaietown . . .Green, Al., 'Sr.,3.5S4iot North'Middlatowii . .. .Green. 'Hemrv. lot. North -Mid9.71dletown f ; I4 Yt.80Hill, Amanda, lot, North Middletown . . 5.11JSasting, Todd, lot North ,Middletown v r N : . . ff.34Hawes, Hanley, est, lot, Claysville Hughes, James, est:,ilot,,Clays'ville .. 1 . . 1 ... J : .v. tuHarp Bettie, -est., lot, Qlays-.jv ville. .,.,., t...o .jw.i,fi--j--Jackson, Margaret, lot, North,Middletown' ...... 'Jackson, Green, Jot, ClaysvilleKeys, Dave, lot, North Middletown . . . .' . '. .'Keene, John, 12 acres 'landnear North MiddletownMcClure, Jeff, Jr., lot, Kerrville 0JO013.99.s2.40,rj'o?-'8.073.8711.596.72Mack, Bob, , 2 acres land,Kerrville ' 8.85Rice, Caroline., ,2 lots, NorthMiddletown ;...... '.' 4,77Hanson, Jim, lot, North' Middletown ' ' 1 . 6.17Smoot, Geo., lot, North Mid-dletown 4.68Scott, Mary, heirs, lot, NorthMiddletown 3.53Tjumbo, Amanda, lot, Claysvine ...) '.. 1.72Williams, M., lot, Claysville. . 4.50Wilson, Emily, lot Claysville 2.29v ,CLINTON VILLE COLOREDBiddle Walter, lot, Claysville .26Fuller, Mary, lot, Clayhvillo. 1.67Henderson, Noah, lot, Boon-town.. ..e..f :: 7-76Jackson, Waljace, 13 lots, ,Glaysville , !..,..:... 30.01Johnson, Emma, 'lot, Clays-ville . . . . ' :..'... 1.72Lawson, Annie, lot, Claysville 2.90Miles, Elija, lot, Claysville 2.40Penn, John, lot Claysville J 5.11Spencer, Levi, lot, "Claysville.. 5.37Taylor, Jas., lot, Claysville. . . 3.87HUTCHISON COLORED."Rrnwn. 'Ann.'lot, Emans-.. j t , r , vi ville 3.53Vickers, Jas., lot, next Dud- t ,ley .' "7.60CENTERVILLE COLOREDBurl, Prescilla, lot, Centerville 1.61Bedford, Wm., lot, Jacksonville 4.68Brown, Elijah, lot, Centerville 5.72Bishop, Bettie, lot, Centerville 2.58Coleman, Ann, lot, Centervjlle 2.93Griffin, Margaret lot, Jacksonville .T 2,28Hall, Lewis, lot, Centerville,. 3.99Lee Dave, 2 acres, next Buckley ; 3.87McCoy, John, lot, Centerville 4.87Offutt, "Chas, 2 acres,-nextLacy 8.66RUDDLES MfLLS COLORED.Blackburn, Sandford, lot,Ttuckerville ., , 5.71Bishop, John, est, lot, Ruck-erville '. . 2.40Clay, Phil, est, lot, Ruckerville 2.80Finch, Bell, est, lot, Rucker 'ville 4.131 Finch, Chas., lot, Ruckerville. . 3.99I Gaines, Henry, lot, Ruckerville 6.02l s 7-HOLIDAYFOOTWEARAn Enormous1 Shipment of HolidayShoes and Rubbers of Everv Con-ceivable Kind is Now CrowdingUs r or Kpom.Witnesses the Arrival ofJust a$tf? ,La?e8' G' M; an3 Patentf4.00 Ladies Gun Metal ! '3.50 LaHies' Patent, Clcith TopL4.00 Ladies' Tan Suede......!.......L. ..2.00 Ladies' Gun MetaLi:WatCll the. Meo.ha.moal TKTallriCkiT. TWar,inlv Vi?VV V -vA.s' eVjtr' " v-1: 'v'ISTucVRUDDLES, MILLS COLOREDWV'T-Henderson, Geo., lot, .Rucker-vill' r 3.63Hiffins, Burl, 2 lots, Currents r H'ville f.j ...pr. -.(.-. h6.02Hayes, John, 3 cres, George- "town pike 11.28Johnson, Sue, es., lot, Rucker-. Ville. ....,.' i ..v4.2.28Johnson, Nncy, 3 lqs, Rucker-viUe '5.38Johnson, Ann, lot, Ruckecyille 3353A -J Johnson, Julia', est lot Rucker-ville .. 2:4,0Johnson, Warren est., lot,Ru-ben Hill' .'....'. : i.t 1 4143LaWson Harriett, Hot, Rud-1 es Mills . . . . j . t . . 1 . . . . 4 .4.1314il3.Lewis, Bailee,. 10c, jnuaaiesMills .. rrMedihger, Mary A., Jot Huakr ,erville .! .... .". .' . .Mack, Ann., lot, Ruckerville. . 'Shores, Maria, lot, RuckervilleThomas, Sam, lot, RuckervilleWilliams Mary, lot, CoulthardsWinston, Nancy, lotRuckervilleWilson, Minnie, lot. Coulthards!21693.083.773,973.312.711.73LATEST FICTION.We have a piost complete stock qfthe latest novels ever brought toParis. All standard books and by thebest authors.(28-tf) PARIS BOOK STORE. .FOR THE CHILDREN.All kinds of games and books fore children. Buy your Santa Clausthe little ones from us.28-tf) PARIS BOOK 'STORE.I!I 'ifPRESTON.A. message receiyed in -this citySunday morning announced the deathof Mr. Henry Preston, which occurred at his home in Ashland Sundaymorning, following a protracted illness of Bright's disease., Mr. Preston had been in ill healthfor more than a year, his conditionassuming a crncal. stage aboutI 1 1 -I . ,.,, . 1?... ,, 6"' ""rl "lB. uAu"ier:u-, . y ..v, . vuio Lll-J,,was summoned to his bed side. Hiscondition was somewhat improvedand Mr. Miller returned home lastThursday evening. On Saturday hereceived a message to the effect thatMr. Preston was sinking rapidly andin company, with his aunt, Miss Nannie Miller, of this city, he left forAshland, arriving in that city a fewhours before the end came.For many year Mr. Preston was apromnent furniture dealer of Ashlandand lately hnd been engaged in thepiano business. He was one of themost prominent men of that city andenjoyed a wide acquaintance. He wasa frequent visitor in Paris where hemade many friends.He is survived by his wife, whowas formerly Miss Allie Miller, ofMillersburg, this county, and one son,Mr. Bruce "Preston, of Ashland, andone daughter, Mrs. Harry Hatcher,also of that city. Mr. Swift Champleft Sunday for Ashland to attend thefuneral services.( r ' fDEATHSroomPew of Our Values$3-49 A Men's Famous' Walk? qq Cicam o mr I 1 .2.99$4.50 Men's G. M. button and! lace. .4.00 Men's Tan, button' and laceJ 2.49 t1 '2.99 J 3.00 Men!s Patent,1 .49 I 2.50 Men's G. M.. button and lar i QQI . . 7. w,. j j u,XJX,VKX; MTJLCtJLJLOr Window. ' "' !-v , IC'v,xr!a."rrsr C a,If rtt, s v'V-n'A.mm?Z vC 4,tvlAr S . ., r 1 ifI Jf j At The; Columbia jjoiday. j jChas. Dickson, in his own greatcomedy success, "The Buffer." ,Cousin Howard- interrupts an, interestinghoneymoon ; Hhe bride schemes toNget rid of him; and hubby is the victim of an amusing mix-up."TVe- Spirit' of Envy?' .(T,hanhouser.) 'As she looked at 'her husbandslow . unsuccessful, , but honest sherealised 'that at all ocdthe had donenothing that might bring shame 'onher j and her ( passion for riches; andthe spirit of emvy passed. . 'A jKeystone comedy will also beshown, entitled; "Across the , Valeyi''Mr., Reed will be, heard in a', .newsong. r . ' (dv).fColumbia To-morrpw, 1 ' 'Special feature in two acts, "TheVan 'Warden Jewels."When a "'society highwayman" sto-:ry is well done on a moving, picturefilm it is very effective because i ofthe contrast which crime offers when'sandwiched in among- the every-dayactions of society people. The VanWarden Jewels, as (a play, ist dramaticand well-bred if one can imaginethe two mixed.This Web of intrigue is clearly indicated, from one step to another, allthrough the moral, every-day life 'ofwell-bred people who live"'the usualcountry-nouse lire. There is no"rough-house" no blood or gun playBut there is an excellent picture ofsociety life as it really is" and a veryreal impression 6f the only ''sort ofcriminal one finds among that classof people. 1 1 . ,A. single reel picture will also beshown, entitled, "Louis The LifeSaver.", While the rollers roll ontothe beach at Cape May, .Louie planshe will save some beautiful maidenHfrom the surf and marry her. Hedoes save a beauteous1 one, and mon-Jeyed too, but the wedding" bells don'tsomehow ring. . .' At the Paris Grand.A corps of distinguished artistshaye been selected for the tour of"Cavalleria Rusticana" and "Salome"by the American Grand Opera Company, to be seen at the Paris Grandon Monday,, Dec. 15. Mim. Norwoodhas been specially engaged for thevocallv eoreeous title role of Santuzza in "Cavalleria Rusticana."Mme. Norwood created the primadonna roles in three of Puccini's operas "La Tosca," La Boheme," and"Madame Butterfly," being selectedby Puccini himself for the title roles.She is purely an American artist having obtained her musical educationin America. Mile. Johanna Kristoffyhas been selected to play "Salome,"In this part she has established aworld wide reputation. That artfeticconductor. Herr Joseph Andre Tressi formerlyconductor of Kroll's Theatre, Berlin, and the Savoy, .London,will conduct Jhe orchestra.Miss Mildred Rogers, . contralto,Mr. Henry Taylor, the leading tenorof the organization, Mr. George Dunstan, baritone, Mr. Edwin Skedden,Australian tiaritone, are among thefamous gathering of grand operastars. ' fadv)At The Alamo Today.One of the most remarkable motionpictures ever seen in Paris will be' i' Y vfor ourV 1 s VYtrVW1 11 rv- OVer Shoe.Z,;'$4.00,.'; tif ;r3.99j. ..,2.99button and lace ! 2.49r : ! ; " -.i, t1CWKc-f i ,h -;$&rZ-P. - .n-O - -...r ,. :WKH' r";TVV1 ' t '1 1 tf k :k et .. -' . ' " :.rc t C. C -1 . . s xWnW'-mtMLk -:BAhJNGIs ' the Housewife 's .Greatest? Help. .Un' ' jHAT solaggard -light, flaky,fruitX7W ' wa aeiicaxe not oiscuitr1 ' Royal makes the, perfect'shpr cake, biscuit and muffin,and improves' the flavor andchealthfulness of all risen flour-"foods. .It renders the biscuit, hotbread and short cake more digestible and nutritious, at the jsame time making them moreattractive and appetizing.Royal Baking Powder is in-dispensable for the preparationall the year xound of perfect 'foods.shown at this house today Mrs.'Piske, one of America's premier actresses, in "Tess of the D'Urbev.lles."viiopsis Parson Tringham discoxers that John Durbeyfield is the lineal descendant of the ancient and"knightly family of the D'Urbervilles.Tess, his eldest 'daughter, has inherited all the weakness and, passions ofher ancestors. 'Durheyfield abandonshimself to n jlife of ease and - indolence, and to advance their financialpiospecU,, Tes. is sent tp claini uQlationship 'with the rich and. powerfulD'Urborvillesxofstlie adjacent county.Tee's ",enc'oimte,rs Alec , D'Urberville,who deceives. her, aid in, humiliationshe returns home, where her child isborn.. The child eventually dies, andTess makes a determined struggle toreclaim ,her ruined life. She meetsAngel Clare; the wo fall 'in. love, andonce mprje her future, begins to promise happiness." After their marriageAngel tells "Tess of a former fall fromgrace, and Tess promptly forgives himand relates he indiscretion with AlecD'Urberville. Shocked by the revela-j tion, Angel leaves her until he canbring himself to forgive her.Destitute, Tess is again found byD'Urberville. He offers her supportand 'protection, and she again pays theprice for existence. In the meantimeAngelas love for Tess reasserts itself,and he returns. He finds her in luxury and splendor in D'Urberville'shome. Torn, with despair as she seesher last chance of happiness slippingaway, Tess, in insane anger, killsAlec. Her crime is detected, and shesurrenders herself to the law. In agrim, gray prison, safe at last fromthe world that had tempted and cursed, her$ Tess spends the remainingyears of her life with her broken heartand shattered hopes, a martyr toman's wrong. ' v (adv)YES THEY ARE.MoDougall Kitchen Cabinets arethe cabinets' ypu wantA See w-indow., f J. T. HINTON.ATTENTION!!vfThe best way to attract attention to. ' your sgof'g vis by having well lightedwindows and store 'front. Study thenew lights in front of the NCpmlumbiaTheatre. Imagine how they , wouldimprove the looksthen ask for information.sfrH1Paris Gas &Incorporated tvHave You Had YourWflHW MlVflW MV vk hk BMW mwL.p?POWDERtxJP$Ai?' ie s.-f ,tempting to theappetite as ashort cake or't-JUMPED FROM MOVING TRAINAND DIES FROM 'INJURIES,Edward A. Thompson, an aged man,enroute from Jacksonville, Fla.1, toOwasa, Mich., jumped from the fastLouisville & Nashville passengertrain, which was running atj a. good .rate of speed near Butler and was sobadly injured 'that he died from hisinjuries Friday night at the; St. Eliza- ,beth Hdppital f in Covington Friday -.night. The man who was aged about65 years, was believed to have be- '$come mentally deranged.BEAUTIFUL ENGRAVING.Call and see our samples: of embossed Monogram Stationery, Engrared Private Greeting Cards, CallingCards, etc. Place your order now forthe Holiday season. .(28-tf) PARIS BOOK STORE.LEAVES FOR LOUISVILLE TOMEET WITH HEALTH OFFICERSDr. A. H Keller, city health officer,left yesterday for Louisville -where?he will attend the Annual Conferenceand School for City and CountyHealth Officers which will be in session in. that city this week. He wilLv-i.return, home about Thursday. Dr. ,Kellei; will take an active part ia. "the exercises at the conference. vvALL TALKING ABpUT IT -Ford & Co.'s the place they are sM stalking about getting that beautiful,useful holiday gift. (2-St) I-: 'BEAUTY PARLORS.Ladies, your toilet is incomplete fora wedding, dance or reception itjjij out a visit to our beautj- parlors.Our expert artist Miss Beitz, irm.manicure your nails and dress your"hair "in incomparable style if you willcall. Please phone and make engage-ments. All kinds of beauiiful nor- ,ties 'for hair dressing.25-tf). MRS. M. A. PATON.of jyour building,1- f.l"!'i1ElectricGas Service Ran Yet?' wGo J9 MKmk- -'!v -I