rTHE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAYIN THE YEARkdS.'jAW -b4 jt,vy -SVOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MARCH 18, 1913"J5oiy oBoy Drownedcovered.Not Re-After searching for more than three"days for the body of Raymond Carr,who was drowned in Hinkston creekFriday afternoon, no trace of it canbe found and dynamite will be employed today to raise the body fromhe stream.The boy, who was about ten years ofage, met the sad fate Friday afternoonabout two o'clock, when he and hisbrother, Howard Carr, two years hissenior, were feeding cattle back of thefarm of his father. Mr. Eijah Carr. onthe Steele's Ford pike, near Millersiiurg, this county. WThe younger brother rode one of thehorses close to the steep bank of thestream and in some-irom the backrof thestream which was at a high stage andTunning swiftly. The older brothermiade a heroic effort to save him andplunged into the stream, but the swift-current carried hiibeyond his react-.He himself.was in great dai g r ofdrowning but reachedthe shore safelynd informed his parents of the accident which had befallen his brother.Searching Darties were Tat police-formed and Jthe stream dragged forsomeiistanre below the noint wherethe boy-was last seen, but the effortsto brine'the body to the surface werewithout result. The L Barents of the4boy are frantic with grief over themnfortuncte accident.CircuitCourt to Resume Tomorrow.Circuit Court which 'was adjournedSaturday by Judge Robert L. Stoutthat he could hold a special session ofthe Woodford Circuit Court will beresumed Wednesday morning at 9o'clock, at which time the case of theCommonwealth against Bev Dorseywill be called for trial.Z Friday fcthe case of the Commonwealth against Woodford Spears, under indictment for cutting with intentto kill resulted in an acquittal.The grand jury which madea partialreport Thursday will also be in sessionWednesday when it is probable theywill make a final report and ask tobe discharged. In the oartial reDurtmanner slipped made to the coultrhe grand jury reanimal into" "the turned eieht indictments. Btnch warrants were issued and Eerved as follows: Forrest Lawience, murder, trialst for Wednesday March 26; RaymondJohnson, housebreaking; John Williams, housebreaking; George Richardson, forgery ; Thomas Craven, twocounts, shooting with intent to killand carrying concealed weapons;Amanda Moore, malicious cutting andwounding.Bate Sef for Trial.Circuit Judge J. M. Benton announced Saturday that the cases ofthe Commownealth vs. D. F. Deaton-and others, charged with the murderof former Sheriff Ed Callahan, ofBreathitt county, would fbe called atthe special term of the Clark CircuitCourt which begins March 31. Thisspecial term of court waa called forthe purpose of trying the men indictedon perjury charges.Spring Shirts.Brand new weaves and colors in thefamous Manhattan shirts.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Hip Fractured.William Holler, residing near thiscity, met a painful Jaccident Saturday night when he fell from a meathouse door fracturing his left hip. Hewill be taken to a Lexington hospital.Stylish Easter Hats.-1 We feature Stetsons at 34 and 55.J. W. DAVIS & CO.lftr?:S4&PJust a Few of Our$Many Bargains inroceries.or Phone Us and Seewe can save yon.20 lbs. Etie Best & jkGranulated Sugar H- a jrvr(With a $3.0O Purchase) AStandard Corn, per can 5c yffOffNew Orleans Molasses, per gal 50c Jk3 boxes Matches, for 10cPork and Beans, regular 10c size 7c ?Fancy Northern Potatoes, per peck . . ; 20c JfThe time for making Garden is near, and before f?buying your Seed Potatoes and Onion.Sets, see our Wstock We also have D. M. Ferry's package seeds. mT. C. LEINIHAN.Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234j Both Phones 234 &i i"iZ!MwSpring HatsSn AH the Latest Stylesand Shapes3HNew Lineof ShirtThe.' Celebrated Fountain Shirt,$1.00The Price Shirt $1.50 ,Men's Night Shirts 50c, 7Sc9 $1Pajamas $1 and$1.50Blue Grass Kicked Out Bytional Association.Na-Secretary J. H. Farrell. of the National Base Ball Association, in a letter directed to President Thoma" Russell, of Mayeville, and club ownersof the Blue Grass League, dismissedthe Blue Grass from organized basebail.2 The letter was received by PresidentRussell Friday. The dismissal is theoutcome of the efforts of the BlueGrass League to annex Covington andNewport to the circuit, and the suit instituted to test the five mile limitclause of the National agreement.The suit for the injunction to restrain the commission from preventingthe establishment of clubs in thesecities is now pending in the Federalcourt and arguments are likely to beheard at any time. According to local fbaseball authority the ejection willjbeonly temporary and that the cardplayed by President Garry Herrmann,of the . Cincinnati club, f.and the baseball commission only serves tostrengthen the case which is now before the court.President Russeil immediately returned the league's membership leeto Secretary Farrell with ihe statement that the Blue Grass League hadnot withdrawn and had no desire towithdraw its membership from theIational Association, and that theleague held thai, not yet having violated any provisions of the Nationalagreement, the National Board had nolegal rightor right by ;virtue of theNational Agreement, ,to suspend theBlue Grass League from the NationalAssociation.President Russell stated that furtheraction by the league would be decidedupon at the meeting oE the league director in Lexington next Wednesday.Local fanE are strong in their denunciation of the action of Chairman August Herrmann, of the National Commission, and Secretary Farrell, of theNational Commission, and are willingand anxious to back the league in afight to the finish aaginst these andother powers of organized base ball.The letter to President Russell is asfollows:To the President and Club Ownersof the Blue Grass League Gentlemen : As the National Association ofProfessional Base Ball Leagues ofwhich the Blue Grass Leaeue has beena member since October 25, 1908, is avoluntary organization and recent correspondence with its officials indicatedissatisfaction on their part with someof the provisions ot the NationalAgreement, under which our organization operates, I herewith return to youthe membership fee of the Blue GrassLeagua for 1913 by direction of theNational Board. Notice thereof will bepromulgated at an early date.There is no desire or disposition onthe part of the National Associatipn orits officials to'require your league toaccept conditions or perform ohligations'whjch they regard as injuiiousto yopr interest.Respectfully.J. H. FARRELL, jSecretary National Association.r.,y"WE KNOW HOW"wGreat ReductionsONuinter Suitsfrige. & 60. GiotmerSand Furnisherstiimi!mttMMmm&, Vjl? SKTWF T W5 "HiurnANDvercoctisAnd All Winter Goods'1!Come Early and Take Advantageof Reduced Prices.Negro Slayer of Mrs. Black Gets. Death Sentence.Justice sure and swift was metedout yesterday at a special session ofthe Woodford Circuit Court called byJudge R. L. Stout to Silas William.,the negrog charged with the murderof Mrp. Susan Black and the attempted assaultlupon Mrs. Lee Moffitt, atTroy, Woodford county, several weeksago. The jury waE out only one andafhalf minutes when it brought in averdict of guilty and the punishmentof the negro was fixed at death. JudgeStout followed the prompt action ofthe jury by passing sentence on thecondemned man and fixed Friday.Marcn zi. as me day of execution.Williams was taken to .Eddyville yesterday afteinoon.uee Our footwears8Mitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters! to IV! enParis, KentuckysLEaiiiiiiiiiiiiiujniiTiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiniiiiiiiiiininiiiiniiriiiiiuiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiijMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniM3:9353&FRANK & CO SThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.Warrants Against Phoenix.Forty-two warrants "Jagainst thePhoenix Hotel Company, of Lexington,charging a "ioiation of the State lawby having quail in possession for salewere served on John McClintock.tPresident of the company.The warrants were sworn out beforeCounty Judge Scott by J. QuincyWard, executive ant of the Gameand Fish Commission of the State ofKentucky. Mr. Ward, accomoanied byCharles E. Brewster, Unite'd StatesGovernment'game expert of Washmgton, was in Lexington Saturday afternoon. Judge Scott hasset the casesfor trial for March 20.Ihe company was recently fined $5on thirty counts for'a similar violation.AnnounceSplendid Showing533OfNewest Spring StylesInWill RunThrough Moneyless.The board or regents of theiKertuckv Normal School met at FrankfortTuesday. President J. G. Crabbestated that while the failure to secureinterest-bearing warrants for the1912 appropriation for'tbe school leaves it without money except the smallamount necessary to pay day laborers,the school will not close down. Provision dealers, he said, are willing towait for their pay for dormitory supplies, and the teachers are making thebest of the situation.Eminent Professor! to Lecture.Prof. Martin H. r ilher of the" University of Cincinnati, will deliver hiscelebrated lecture on "Treatment ofOdema and Nenhritis" before theBourbon County Medical Society attheir second quarterly meeting in thecounty "ourt room Thursday evening,March 20, of this week at 7 p. m.This theory and its results have occasioned widespread discussion in themedical journals of the world. Thelecture will be illustrated. Physiciansfrom surrounding cities are expectedto be in attendance. At this meetingthe Ghemical Society will be organizecTfor study looking to use of thenew hospital. SuMii1Ladies' and Misses'Suits, Dresses and WrapsWash Dresses for Ladies7 Misses7and ChildrenA Complete Stock of Dress Goods, Wash Goods, SilksLinens, Ratines and Furnishings of All Kinds. Come in and Take a Look Around YouAre Always WelcomewFRANK Sc C..5uHiuttiwmttiimmi;HmwmmwmmmwmmmmmmmmmmnahwiM )Uf 3ML a.- sZnsesz-sam5Ii. .rVvI f.t ValivIttrWe have a few more SpecialLots of Ladies', Misses' andChildren's Shoes which we willclose but at the sale prices ing Spring stocksGEO. McWILLlAMS,LPhones 301BS$&$SS&Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.ty Telephone No. 4.4ftasiisJUS1IBourbonft"ssg0' tf -O jzz 4gs5:fParis Kentucky.1mmm mmmmmmm -nmmmmmm mmmmmmmmGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AP LICENSED EMBALMER.SOTH'PHONES DAT 1S7; NIGHT 299.BalwinBros!-. TryOur'"Country ClubLayer CakesChocoIateJCaramel,White andRibbon1 5c, Two for 25cAlso Hu big'sFamous Pfes9 15c.Baldwin Bros.cial Lots!IThe Shoe ManJIA)sWest 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in "oing up the"! finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo" fine work and itdever goes bBck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeLaundry,feinWANTEDSalesmen to look after our interestsin Bourbun and adiacent counties.Salary or commission. Address TheHarvey Oil Co., Cleveland. 0.M. A. CAHAL,Barber Shop.First-Class Workmen.Polite and Prompt Attentionto AILHot and Cold BathsWe Thank You For a Share ofYour Patronage.Trees Trees TreesFruit and Ornamentals, Strawberries. Shrubs, Hedging, Grapes, Asparagus, Bheubarb, RoseB, Peonies,iPhiox, etCj.Everything for Orchard, Lawn andf Garden. No Agents.H. F. HILLENMEYBR & SON,' HE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and PridayOne Year. . . .2.00 Six Months. .1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matt er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right o publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.ANNOUNCEMENTS.FOR POLICE CHIEF.We are authorized to announce J. C.Elgin, Sr., as a .candidate for theDemocratic nomination for Chief ofPolice of the city of Pans, subject tothe Democratic prinurv. August 2,1913.We are authorized to announce W. F.Link as a candidate for Democraticnomination for Chief of Police of thecity of Paris, subject to the Democratic primary Augusts. 'We are authorized to announce BenBishop as a candidate -for the Democratic nomination for Chief of Policeof the city of Paris, subject to theDemocratic primary August 2. vWe are authorized to announce Geo.M. Hill as a candidate for the nomination tor the office of Chief of Police ofthe'City of Paris, subject to the actionof the Democratic primary, August 2,1913.Weare authorized to announce Geo.W. Judy as a candidate for the nomination of the office of Chief of Policeof the city of Paris, subject to the.action of the Democratic urimary,August 2, 1913.FOR JAILER.We are authorized to announce Joseph Farns as a candidate for thenomination- of Jailer of Bourboncounty, subject to the action of theDemocratic primaryAugust 2, 1913.FOR COUNTY CLERK.We are authorized to announce J.Walter Payne as a candidate for thenomination for the office of CountyClerk of Bourbon county, subject tothe action of the Democratic primaryAugust 2, 1913.We are authorized to announce Mr.Pearce Paton as a candidate for theDemocratic nomination for Clerk ofBourbon county, subject to- the actionof the Democratic primary August 2,1913.FOR COMMONWEALTHS' ATTORNEY. Victor A. Bradley announces as acandidate for Commonwealth's Attorney for this, the 14th Judicial District,composed of the counties of Scntt,Franklin, Bourbon and Woodford, tofill out the unexpired term caused bythe resignation of Robert B Franklin,subject to the action of the Democraticprimary. August 2. yFOR POLICE JUDGE.We are authorized to announce Lafayette Grinnan as a candidate forthe nomination for !the office of Police Judge of the citv of Paris, subject to the action of the Democraticprimary August 2, 1913.We are authorized to .announce E. B.January as a candidate for the nomination for the office of Police Judgeof the city of Paris, subject to theaction of the Democratic primary August 2, 1913.We are authorized to announce Thos.J. HoIIiday as a candidate fo the nomination for the office of Police Judgeof the city ot Paris, subject to the action of the Democratic primary, August 2, 1913.Surprise Your Friends.For four weeks regularlyuse Dr.Kine's New Life Pill's. Thev stimulate the liver, improve digestion, remove lood impurities. Dimples and repuptions disappear from your face andbody and you feel better. Bdgin atonce. Buy at Oberdorfer's.Kentuckians Fight for CantriH, IA meeting of the Kentucky Democratic delegation of ; the House washeld Monday in the office of Representative Johnson, chairinan of the delecation, to discuss a number of'mattersof interest to the5ate. The delegation decided to maEe a vigorous figntin behalf of Mr. Cantrill for a nlaceon the Rules Committee.Children are much more likely tocontract the contagious diseases whenthey have colds. .Whooping cough,diphtheria, scarlet fever and consumption are diseases that are often contracted when thej child has a cold.That is why all medical authorities saybeware of colds. jftFor the quick cureof colds you will find nothing betterthan Chamberlain's Cough Remedy.It can always ba depended upon and isoleaaant and safe to take. For salebyjall dealers. .. fcKentucky Wants Dr. Friedmann.Acting at the suggestion of the Louisville Convention and Publicity? League, it is Drobable that an invitationwill be issued by the Kentucky StateBoard of4Health to Dr.Freidrich FranzFriedmann of Berlin, Germany, to demonstrate his treatment for tuberculosis in Louisville.MmumDr. King's New Discovery.Soothes irritated throat and lungs,stops chronic and hacking cough, relieves tickling throat, tastes nice.Take no other; once used always used.Buy it at Oberdorfer's.Will Test Law in Higher Court.In view of the advice of the Attorney General of Kentucky to the Auditor of State to refuse payment ofpensions to Confederate veterans untilthe constitutionality of the. act granting the pensions has been passed uponby the Kentucky Court of ppeals. General Bennett H. Young, Commander inChief of the United Confederate Veteran Association has announced thatsince there is nothing left to do but totest the question in the higher courtshe will undertake the necessary legalsteps without compensation for hisservices. The costs "of the records willbe borne by a number of Louisvilleveterans and General Young will haveassociated with .him many, veteranswho are lawyers and also lawyers whoare the sons of veterans from all partsof the state.H Gen. Young's announcement as madeto the members of. the association isas follows :To the Confederate Veterans and Widows Seeking Pensions:The Attorney General of the Statehas advised the Auditor to refuse payment of Confederate pensions until theconstitutionality of the act grantingthe pensions has been passed upon bythe Court of Appeals.Many pensioners have consulted meabout the bet course to pursue. Myopinion is there is nothing left to dobut to test out the question in thecourts. I am ready to take the necessary legal steps in this matter withoutany compensation of any kind whatever. I propose to aasociate with me inthis matter many veterans who arelawyers and also lawyers who are sensof veterans and together we will dothe best we can to assert your rightsunder the present law.The following gentlemen have already volunteered and a large numherof others will unite and we are hopingthat it will turn out that it was rathera depleted treasury than the validityof the law which induced this litigation: Hardin H. Herr, Samuel G. Tate,John C. Tate, M. W. Kipy, JosephLawton, Ray Mann.The papers state that Judge Hazelrigg, an able lawyer and a true Confederate, has agreed to try out a case.No better man could be found to undertake the task, anrijwe will aid himin every way to maintain the law.BENNETT H. YOUNG.Convict Helps Guard Out ofWreckageThe verv cicumstances which forrmea the basis for one of Irvin Cobb'sstories, the escape of a prisoner (whowas caught in a collision while beingtaken to the prison and was supposedto have been killed, occurred duringthe L. & N. wreck near RichmondSunday, only the prisoner did not tryto escape. Instead he dug the attending officer out of the debris and cameon to Frankfort with him the nextday.Alex Carroll. Deputy Sheriff of Bellcounty, was on the trainbringing JoshBrim, a youthful slaver to the Frankfort reformatory to begin an indeterminate sentence offrwo to twenty-oneyears. The officer nad just arisen fromhis'seat when the crash came and hewas hurled down the aisle. The carturned over on its side. Brim, unhurt,clambered out of the car window. Hisfirst thought, he said, was of his companion, and he hurried to .the pointabout where he conjectured Carrollmust be. He started digging intojthewreckage and presently saw Carrollstruggling to free himself from theweight upon him. Carroll was considerably bruised but able to walk.Administrator's Notice.All persons having claims againstthe estate of'Samuel Green, deceased,are notified to present same to meproperly proven as required by law.'ihose indebted to the estate will settle promDtly and save costs of suit.JOE GREEN,Administrator of,. estate of SamvelGreen, Deceased. TwgNbHarm onStitt, Attorney. 4'3wka"JilUl -Many growing girls in schoolor business are frail delicateanemic lack energy and ambition and have thin blood. It isall unnatural and unless checkedleads to serious and chronic ills.Nourishment, not drugs, is thelaw of reason to build strengthbut when appetite is poor anddigestion weak, ordinary foodsdo not nourish then SCOTT'SEMULSION is necessary.SCO TT'S EMULSION overcomes just such conditions; itstissue material entersthe blood without digestive effort and makesit rich. It tones thewhole system and startsthe healthy action ofcells throughout thebody.Imitations are oftenoffered, bat to get resultyou mutt get SCOTTS.Scett it Bowne, Bloosfield, N. J.12-6Tra4-MarkNo man isStrongerThan his.ESL&Ca'&ir .The Medical Adviser byB. V. Pierce, M. D., Buffalo, N. Y. ansiuers hostsof delicate questionsabout which every manor woman, single or married ought to Jcnow. Sentfree on receipt of 31 onecent stamps td pay forwrapping and mailing.vkvTvu.T.ya!BBTv'WIszamsjmmbU Need it in YourBusiness"FOR SALE BYDodcm & DentonfeSGSXfegggxrsgASK THEwho has one, what wonders thehim. He will reply:1. Sells My Products 4. Protects the Home2. Gets Best Prices 5. Helps the Housewife, 3. Brings Supplies 6. Increases Profits7. Pays For Itself Over and OerSeven cardinal masons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet.For information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and Telegraph'CompanyIncorporated.Twin Bios. Depanmeni stoieCorner Seventh&Are Selling 50,000 Yards ofTJobacco Cotton fAll Grades at Lojvest PricesCall In and See Us.TWIN BROS.' . DEPARTMENT STORE.ECZEMACAN BE CUREDI Will Prove It to You FreeYou who are suffering the tortures of Eczema. Itch. Salt Rheum or otherskin diseases you whose days are miserable, whose nights are made sleepless by the terrible itching, burning pains, let me send voii a trial of a sooth-iug, healing treatment which has cured hundreds, which I believe will cure J HirtMH, R. w,you. I will send it free, postage paid, without any obligation on your part.Just All the coupon below and mail it to me, or write me, giving your name, age and addraa.I will send the treatment free of cost to you. -u.. A-" 1 nu mail TO DAT" m-mm m amiJ. C. HUTZELL, 123 West Main St., Fort Wayne, Ind.Please send without cost or obligationName......Post OffloevLET the greatest athlete hare dyapepeia ad V.a .strength will soon fail. One's atamra iecccfulmess and strength of mind or meadodepend upon the blood, and the blood in tarr,requires a healthy stomach, for the stomach l tnolaboratory where the food is digested and such elements are taken up or assimilated which makeblood. In consequence all the organs of the body,such as heart, lungs, liver and kidneys, as well asthe nervous system, feel the bad effect if the stomach is deranged.Pierce's GoldenMedical Ptseoveryhelps the stomach to digest food properly, starts theliver into new activity, removing the poisons from theblood, and the various organs get rich, red blood, instead of being illy nourished. The refreshing influenceof this extract of native medicinal plants ha3 beenfavorably known for over 40 years. Everywheresome neighbor can tell you of the good it has done.Sold by all medicine dealers in liquid or tablet fnn;Jor send 50 one-cent stamps to Dr. Pierce, iHvalkte'fHotel, BufTaio, and a trial bos will be mailed ye4i2fcK22&zb$FARMERCumberland Telephone works forand Main Sts.'to me yeur Free Proof Treatmeoi...,....,.,,..,, . Ag( , jmmfi" s iffv..fs1 141ft-fh.,...;...,.,5tea4Hofi"i.' TfyA-I"$-Ai'-7".-TKp'r jr4-" .t 4fA -Sy' "'a ' - ,jr,.A? -j . f .-.. "ti.i3r- ' ' !f? . i , 'jr. rKr r!Ifci.TTT . ,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., MARCH 18, 1913rI lfe SL " Tk Sb.liiucaic-jrag rnm?s inthis world that youoverlook.FTTRADEare to be found on the backs of younger men in every xup-toTdate community in. America. Whether or notthey are to be seen and worn in your own town liesentirely with you.' v!V"VBn Jmmi. . -r ? Yrv4! JtS&ggVfflsr?tsiswSH&SfYl1 shi&i43oiixes- tAir Purified.The air of a cellar or any dark storeroom can foe kept sweet by hanginglumps of charcoal in net hags. Everyfew weeks the charcoal should hetaken out, made very hot and returned to the hags.Crisp Toast.If you -are to have toast for breakfast, try the plan of cutting the breadthe night before. You willfind thetoast crisper and more quickly made.Some.Some men talk in their sleep because that is the only chance they getClosely Allied.Men often mistake the fear that thejrwill be found out for conscience.c;Kay M$jL&m&mr mi&&m1 Wfmm1 mm mmi? !?? ll3wti&i mi im?mfj W'..tfMiJia $Q&1 kzhb. jvayTn mc iihLxMAiM t &. via WfracfiUa-sftra mm mmJ 1 4h JPto, j-.-:c 1 Khcsva t&iwm1 Suit:L,r to Orderr H t vflK flflHHH' "Bllnnc H Hfi lm !r fmnw amSIBIBiiaWe Also Do Sisi DRY 1" - CLEANING.. PRESSING, SREPAIRING. jI, Skr Best Work s"1"' Guaranteed. SISV S3aaj a a 5taf I Thonias Bros. 3i ' X'. ,:. -. . - "- --"- --IV ". .They grip 3-our eye like agood friend grips your hand,DlCSraihiSoSiecLMARKTF you would enjoy going to-"- a local clothier to buy thebest clothes the most correctclothes the most trustworthyclothes; it is possible for thehighest type of clothing manufacturer to produce, simply sayto your local clothier yourfriend; "Get R. B. FashionClothes.55Our Booklet "HEROES" arranged in Commemoration of the Fiftieth Anniversary of TheBattle of Gettysburg 1863-1913.Mailed on request. AddressRosenberg: Bros&Fashion ParkRochester. N. YDora at the Party.Little Dora had been to a party, andin answer to his mother's inquiry asto whether she had enjoyed herselfexclaimed, "Oh, it was lovely, mummy, but so hot that I come out all ina perforation." NDaily Thought.Be sure you give men the best ofyour wares; though they be poorenough; and the gods will help youto lay by a better store for the future. Henry D. Thoreau.Attraction of Good Liar.Some liars are so interesting thatwe feel sorry we can't believe them.Dr. Push.Cough, ColdSoreThroatSloan's liniment givesquick relief for cough, cold,hoarseness, sore throat,croup, astnma, ,hay feverand bronchitis.HERE'S PROOF.Me. Albert "W. PBiCE,of Fredonia,Kau., writes : " We use Sloan's Liniment in the family and find it an excellent relief for colds and h.iy feterattacks. It stops coughing and sneezing almost instantly."SLOANSLINIMENTRELIEVED SORE THROAT.Mrs. Ij. Brewer, of Modello.Fla.,writes: " I bought one bottle of yourLiniment and ltdidmeall the good inthe world. My throat was very sore,and it cured me of my trouble.GOOD FOR COLD AND CROUP.Mb. W. H. Strange, 3721 ElmwoodAvenue, Chicago, UL, -writes: "A little boy next door had croup. I gavethe mother Sloan's Liniment to try.She gave him three drops on sugarbefore going to bed, and he got upwithout the croup in the morning."Price, 25c. s 50c, $UOOSloan'sTreatiseon theHorsesent free.trS-JrJ fjJM AddresscannotFletcherizing a Fortune.A St. Louis man made $64,000. as aragpicker. Lots of men have mademore than that out of rags chewingthem on the lecture platform.-il-waukeeSentinel.Simple Headache Remedy.A nervous headache may frequentlybe cured by several slices of lemon ina cup of strong tea and a bilious headache is almost invariably put to routby a tablespoonful of lemon juice in acup of black coffee.Poor Combination.Small ideas and big words make apoinful combination. New OrleansPicayune.THE LEXINGTON HOTEL,Opp. The LelandEUROPEAN PLAN,Lexington, Ky.Reasonable Rates.Everything New andUp-to-Date.Convenient to Gar Line.itRoxie, Davis iCbe Tnsuranw HgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and- Best Paying Companies.-GiyeipW "Nub" a'CaH.S ' 42 Helios 137v,,MYSTERY IN A POCKETBy C. D. JAMES.Usher one day not long ago shoutedupstairs to Mrs. Usher that he foundhis watch -was slow and that she hadjust five minutes to make the train tothe golf club."Gracious!" wailed Mrs. Usher backat him, "I never can there's a thinspot in the heel of my stocking rightabove the edge of my low shoes andit'll rub into a hole in no time. It'ssilk""Take along another pair!" ordered Usher, gruffly. "You can changeout there and there won't be a soularound and it's such a bully day oh,come along!"Thereupon Mrs. Usher came along,frantically struggling into a heavycoat and stuffing hosiery and handkerchiefs into her husband's pockets"There!," she said, triumphantly,when they had played nine holes,"Look at my stocking!" An unmistakable hole showed above the line ofher low shoe. "What did I tell you?""You can change when we go in forluncheon," said Usher. "I left mycoat hanging up in that little hall justoutside the lunchroom everythingelse has been shut up for the winter."Mrs. Usher found the coat. Therewere two others next it. Only a fewhardy persons were playing golf inthe -nipping air. After a while she reappeared bearing in her hands a crumpled ball of brown silk, the discardedhosiery. Just as she reached her handtoward the overcoat pocket Ushercalled from the hall."Yes," she answered, "I'm coming!"and hastily rammed home the hosiery.Let it be said at this point that Usher's coat hung very close to the nextone. The next one belonged to Benning. That evening as Benning settledhimself comfortably with the eveningpaper there was a little choking soundtmr a"Don't Look So Idiotic!"in the hall and presently Mrs. Benning stood before him tragically holding out something brown."Huh?" asked Benning, peering atthe brown thing."What, may I ask," demanded hiswife, "are you doing with brown silkstockings in your coat pocket, Arthur?Kindly answer me that!"She shook out the hosiery to itsfull and incriminating length."Don't look so idiotic!" she criedwhen she could stand the strain nolonger."Why why," stammered Benning,"I don't know a th-thing about them."Whereupon Mrs. Benning went intohysterics and cried that Benning neverhad loved her anyway and what hadshe ever done that such an awful thingshould blight her life?"Darling," cried the frantic Benning, "let me explain!""Then explain!" blazed his wife."Good Lord!" groaned Benning, after a Ailc, Jnstant "I can't! I ""I shall go home to mother," announced Mrs. Benning. "I shall tellthe janitor to bring up my trunks."The rest of that night Mrs. Benningheld her outraged head very highwhile carrying things from the closetsand bureau drawers to .trunks, Benning alternately tagging after her,piteously expostulating, or sunk in thebiggest armchair in an attitude expressive of complete weariness withthe world."I know it sounds foolish," hemoaned, "to say I don't know how theconfounded, things got there, but""It certainly does!" Mrs. Benning:cssured him; frostily. "I at least gaveyou credit for more imagination."It was just after Mrs. Benning hadtelephoned for a taxi in the morningthat the phone rang and Benningstumbled to it."Hello!" said Usher's voice. "Say,have you by any chance got my wife'sbrown silk stockings in your overcoatpocket ""Here! Hurry!" yelled Benning,beckoning frantically to Mrs. Benning."Come and listen to this!""I don't care!" said Mrs. Benningsome moments later, when the cryingand forgiving were over. "I never didlike that Mrs. Usher, anyhow! Andnow, Arthur Benning, you can just setto work and help me unpack." Chicago Daily News.Australian Cnttnarians.Australia has 85 male centenarian.ffl y mw i HivHAD CORNER IN KISSESBY EDNA MAHLER.Jane knew she was the ugly duckling of the family, and although herfrocks were just as pretty and herhair ribbons of the lovely tints wornby her sisters, she did not commandadmiration.Jane's hair was wiry, and althoughher mother "put it up" in curlers eachnight, the refractory tresses refusedto form a ringleted halo about thelittle face. Elsie and Ruth had lovelycurls which never "came out" when itrained; but Jane's did.She longed to be pink and whiteand pretty, like her sisters, and eachmorning Tubbed her little brown faceso hard with the soapy cloth that frequently cold cream had to be appliedto soothe the burning skin. Jane'sfeet and hands were large, and herskirts and sleeves too short to be ofany use in concealing them. Realizing all these facts, Jane was shy. Shehated parties and entertainments,where she had to sit alone against thewall and strive to look at ease, whilethe other girls had the best kind of atime.When the invitation came fromEthel Simpson's mother, asking thesisters to a "fancy dress" party NewYear's eve, Jane resolved to remain athome. Her mother, not understandingthe reason for her little daughter'ssudden dislike for parties, immediately started the costumes, and a day before the event the costumes were completed and tried on.Elsie looked like a Dresden china"Bo-Peep," and Ruth was an equallydainty "Mary, Mary, quite contrary,"but Jane did not need to ask of herglass,"Mirror, mirror on the wall,Who's the fairest one of all?"One glance told her the painfultruth.. She was all wrong as "LittleMiss Muffet." The fluffy white capwith its blue bow called for soft, golden curls. The lovely frock of rosesprigged dimity needed a plump neckand a rounded pair of arms and legs.Why hadn't her mother provided a"Red Riding Hood" ploak, which extended to the floor? She could havewrapped herself up in this like a wormin its chrysalis.Her mother was satisfied. She sawonly the pretty costume, and knewthat her "work was good."Poor Jane! That party hung likethe sword of Damocles over her head,and she wished that the bQX of chocolates she ate that day would make herso ill she could not go.The next morning her head ached,and Jane grew more cheerful. Perhaps she would have a bilious attack,and Doctor Myers would prescribe calomel. That, she knew, would makeher dreadfully ill. After breakfast .anda morning spent building a snow fort,the headache had totally disappeared,and with it Jane's hopes for a fewdays in bed.Her mother proudly dressed eachone of her ducklings and sent themoff to the party with a kiss and a wishfor a "happy time." Jane's ratherwistful countenance lingered with herfor a moment, and she wondered whythe child had become so strange.The Simpson home was aglow withlife, and as they entered the doorwaythe sounds of merriment issuing fromthe parlor made Jane long to escape.She followed the others upstairs toshed their wraps, like an automaton,and when Mrs. Simpson ushered theminto the room she sought the loneliestcorner and settled herself for the evening. Ethel Simpson suggested that theyplay "Spin the Pan," and selectedElsie to number the boys while shenumbered the girls. The number falling to Jane's lot was four.Then the f,un began. Ethel, Ruthand Elsie were the most popular girlsat the party and proudly flounced upfor their kisses as the nice boys calledtheir numbers.Jane's number had never beencalled and as each little girl jumpedfrom her chair and rushed to catchthe pan, slie deplored her homeliness,Then Teddy Brooks, the "red-head"boy in the crowd, called"Numberfour."With a gasp Jane rushed forthe pan, and catching it, blushinglyheld up her face for Teddy's kiss.Then she spun the pan, and withoutthought and weakly said "Numbernine." Teddy, grinning with pleasure,caught the pan, and when Jane was Jseated again shouted "Number four."Jane realized he had not avoidedher number as the other boys alwaysdid, and gleefully called "Numbernine" again. Then Teddy yelled"four" and Jane followed with "nine,"and thus they cornered the kisses until wild protests from the other guestsbrought Mrs. Simpson to the scene,and being a tactful woman, she suggested another game.Teddy escorted Jane to supper andas they sair "good-night" a knowingtwinkle gleamed in each pair of eyes.When the "ugly duckling" awokethe next morning 'the New Year wasgreeted with a heart full of gladness,for with its coming she had discovered a friend who considered her aswan.Sand Foundation of Glass.Sand is the main constituent ofglass, constituting from 52 to 65 percent, of the mass of the original mixture, or from 60 to 7o per cent, of thefinished product, after melting hasdriven off carbon, dioxide and othervolatile materials. On thev'quality ofthe sand depend the tmnsparencyjbrilliancy and -hardness of the glass.'GAVE PLACE TO THE MOTHER!St Peter's Careful Computation oi "Benefits Conferred Resulted In - J. tDefeat of the Spinster. VSt. Peter, at his gate, perceived twoladies approaching. He rose to great, ' .them. - -"Names?""Mary Smith, widow," said one. t :"Jane Jones, spinister," replied thNother. s ""Occupation?" :"Suffragette speaker," said Jaae."Just a mother," answered Mary-1St. Peter looked troubled."I've only room for one just now,"r.he said. "It'll go to the better of yotfj 'two." -Jane looked pityingly at Mary."I," she said, "have been a success- -fulspeaker for my cause. I hav&:stirred women up till they got the-'vote. Owing to their having the votejthey have accomplished the passing:,'of certain bills. These bills have ben-4efited some two thousand human be-jings. I'm afraid that 'just a mother'here can't total anything to equal;that!""I'm afraid I can't," sighed ther 'mother. "I never did a thing except ;bring up my seven boys. They turn-,ed out well, but that only makes,seven human beings I've benefited."She turned meekly away."Hold on," said St. Peter. She turn-led back. "What about those son3?!What have they done for theirkind?"The mother's eyes shone."One discovered a new anaestheticOne secured the passage of a bill:which did good to hundreds.Theother established a home for blind jchildren."St. Peter penciled down some fig-iures.The fourth led his regiment past adanger point and saved them all. Thevfifth is a parson, who lives what hepreaches. The sixth is an artist, who -hasdelighted hundreds. The seventh well, he' s busy bringing up-vhis sons. His wife is a suf-'fragette!""Come right in," said St. Peter."Your list totals two thousand andieleven!" New York Times.New "Missing Link."An important find of human remains -hasbeen made in Sussex, England. Itis part of a skull and jawbone, and'will come ta be known as the "Piltdown" skull. So far, it is believedpossible, the remains belong to thatimmensely remote period when the ,North Sea was dry and the mastodonroamed the land; in shorty to the Plio- -.cene era. The skull Is extraordinarilythick, nearly one-half of an inch. It, -hasa good straight forehead, and uny-.doubtedly had brain. The jaw seems;to indicate, however, that there wasino power of speech. There are mere-ly two well worn molar teeth In place,but other things show that in life,there were great canines and largefront teeth. In this it differs from thefamous Heidelberg skull, which is alsoapelike in form but hman as to teeth.It was found with mastodon, and Pliocene elephant bones, and primitiveflints; but these, Sir Ray Lankesterconsiders, may or may not have beer ,coeval. The skull is being restoredIt seems to link man to a new spe-cies and confirm his near relation tothe ape The find was made by anamateur geologist, Charles Dawson, F..S. A.Quite Good Interest. 'Mr. Andrew Carnegie tells the following story with great relish. Whenhis father was leaving his nativecountry to settle in America he bor-rowed twenty pounds from a relative.The family had an uphill battle onthe other side of the Atlantic, but,when the tide of prosperity turnedwith the son, he remembered hisfather's indebtedness, and determinedto clear it off, together with its accumulated interest. He started by remitting the sum of twenty pounds, andfor several years sent the sameamount a dividend equal to exactly100 per cent. Returning to Scotland,the Pittsburgh ironmaster met his old,relative."Well," said Mr. Carnegie, "havingJ paid up a good deal of the interest, Ishould like now to clear off the prin-uipai.; i f i"Ah, ay, Andrew, dinna ye fashfersel' aboot the loan! A'm pairfectly satisfied with the interest.""Ah, but I'm rich enough now, Ithink, to clear off the principal!" replied the millionaire."Dinna mind the principal, Andrew,"vsaid the relative, "it's very weel invested as it is!"- .Modern Dentistry Not Modern. 'A medical authority has just stated- -a nurnhpr nf tipwIv apmilroil Kito rinformation that would seem to refute the proposition that modern dentistry is modern. Achievements ofunknown dentists of ancient Egyptand Rome prgve the contrary. Just,who the dentists were, the historiansdo not always relate, but the resultsof their work have proved beyond a,doubt that bridge work on which.we moderns specially pride ourselvesof the most skillful kind was done,as long ago as six or seven centuries;before Christ. In the tomb of Siiojp,were iuuiiu iour incisors ana two canine teeth in the jaw of a woman thaiwere held together by gold wjre, two.of the former being transplanted tetltwhat might be called crowns in tide 'day fastened in by gold wire. la,the museum at Corneto, the ascieat " '"'capital of the Etruscan federatie, nr? '$$;to be seen several specimen f bd;:work dome by rivet&d baas saULF"ritK.a."i :.'jg ft3 91HE BOURBON NEWS,' PARIS,' KENTUCKY, MARCH 18, 1913fi WonderfullSuits at $25.00We try each season to see how much style, quality andM value we,can put in suits to sell at$25.00It's a price many women like 'to pay, and they are entitled to the best that money can buy.Thislseason we have succeeded in producing somewonderful suits at $25. OO. In point of style, material, fit and general satisfaction, they can be put in comparison with any suits at $10 more.; See The Wolf, Wfle &Co. Spring BlousesThis is the greatest revelation in Waist-selling ever attempted by us, Twelve beautiful styles to select from,including aPure Linen Tailored Waist at$1.00ILeaves Expert in Charge.-Mr. H. G. Norman, the photographer, left last night for a visit ofseveral weeks to his relatives in Missiippi and during his absence his studio in the Agricultural Bank Buildingwill be in charge of Mr. A. R. Jones,of Charleston. W. Va.,' who is one ofthe best photographer that has everbeen in Paris. Mr. Johns comes notonly highly recommended as a photographer of exjeptionaljmerft, but hasexhibits of the clasa or work whichhe exeuted. His display is a work ofphotographic art and during his stayin Paris he will have exclusive chargeof the studio oi Mr. Norman, andwill continue the business upon thesame high plane of efficiency.Bonds Bring Premium.Thirty bonds of $1,000 each were soldSaturday by the Board jof Council tothe National Bank of Cynthiana for$30,377. The moneylwill be uned toerect a modern school building forNicholasville. The bonds become optional April 1, 1913, and are due April1, 1933, and bear, interest at the rateof 5 per cent per annum. Mr. ri.Stamler? formerly of ;Paris, was thedesigning architect for the schoolbuilding which will be one of the handsomest in the State. 2MATRIMONIAL.SHARP-DWELLEY. 'Mr. Miltnn Uwellevand Miss OsiaSharp, of Millerbsurg came to thiscity Saturday, obtained a marriage liceae and were married Jby MagistrateL . J. Fretwell at the court house.MYNES-CASSITY.Mrs.' Martha Mynes was united inmarriageto Mr. Aaron Cassitv Sundayafternoon at the residence of JMr. andMrs. George Black on Winnie street.Rev. Simms, of the" Methodist church,officiating. Theceremony was performed in the prsence of only a fewfriends.The bride, who has lately been connected with the Bourbon Home Telephone Go., is a most estimable woman.Mr. Cassity is connected with the firmof Thomas Bros., and is very popular.After the ceremony the couple leftfor a short wedding trip when theywill return and go to housekeeping onVine stree-.olf, Wile I Go.9Formerly Kaufman, Straus Sc Co.ULexington, KentuckyWLWiSpring Millinery.Our Annual Spring Millinery Opening will be held on Thursday, March20, 1913. This season the hats are exceptionally Dretty. We think our selection is the verv nobbiest we haveever selected. We want the ladies tocome in on this occasion and inspectour stock.MRS. CORNE WATSON BAIRD.ll-3tANNOUNCEMENTS.FOR STATE SENATOR.Hon. J. Will Clay announces as acandidate for State Senator for this,the Twenty-Eight Senatorial District,composed of Bourbon, Clark arid, Montgomery, bubject to the Democraticprimary August 2.rwmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwmmmammwmmm mamints i nt: bi uJiP9iiJViiIiISolvedWhen you buy a Goodyear Tirewe guarantee it. If it does notrun the guaranteed miles wegive you adjustments on them.We Make the adjustments onyour word. There is no delaywaiting for tires to come fromfactory, we give you a new onethe day you bring the old oneback. Goodyear Tires are 10Iper cent over size,all sizes in stockWe carryGOODYEAR TIRES AREBEST BY TESTLYerkesParis,& Prichard,KentuckyJWhat People Think o the .NewStudebaker"The new Studebaker '25' embodieseverything atlmt one could hope- forin a car at its price." J. S. Donovan,Boston, Mass."The Studebaker '25' is the bestcar that I have driven for its size. Jtwill make. 55 miles an hour." GustSandin, Marquette, Neb."1 never saw a more beautifullydesigned car. not excepting th smallest detail, than the new Studebaker'35' Coupe. ' FranklM. Heinlem, Natick. Mass."New cars throttle down to threemiles an hour and jump to racing speedlike cats. Never saw anything likeit." E. B. Collins, Danville, 111."The Studebaker '25' is a bear.Beats any '20' or 30' or anything Iever drove.' Wilson of Fond du Lac,Wis."Studebaker predominates. Greatest value on world's market." J. C..Tones, Flagstaff, Ariz."I have never seen bo much for themonev as ib represented in the Studebaker '35 The new models are surely world beaters." C. F. Weber, Albany, N. y."The Studebaker '25' is a wonderfullittle car and certainly rides like aBullman sleeper. She is a great valuefor the money." H. D. Hance, Freehold, N. J."The '25' beats anything in our territory. Send me all you can get."Fredericks, of 'Sycamore, 111."The '25' is there in every way ; itlooks, acts' and rides like twice themoney." Dashiel, manager Chicagoretail branch. f&"All my sub dealers want moreStudebaker 'road burners' than (theycan get." Wollaeger, - Milwaukee,Wis."Increase my contract if you can.I want all the cars you can possiblygive me for the next six months"Ellers, Ft. Dodge. la.THEATRICAL.SATAN.Milton's "Paradise Lost" and Klypstok's "Messiah" were the two claseics UHed for the first two Darts of themoving picture classic "Satan," whichwill be exhibited at , the Paris Grandon Friday andtSaturday, March 21 and22. The theme of the five reels of interesting pictures is that of the history of Man. Through distant dimaces the pictures lead the audienceapd it is almost as if one had 'livedfor countless years and watched thecoming of kings and the falling ofempires. Each scene is of a differentera and all of it based upon biblicaland historical Jfacts. The first sceneshows the waging i of the battle ?between God and Satan and the defeatof the evil spirits, the descent ofSatan to earth which he makes hiskingdom. The earth is subtle to hisinfluence and readv to follow in crimeand wickedness. Adam and Eve arethe first to fall : before Satan's work,and at his instigation Cain fashionsthe first weapon and slay his brother.The Messiah cornea to earth in thesecond part and is quietly going abouthis wav performing miracles, preaching the truth of God and 'working forthe redemption of man. i Satan lis notyet through and having vainly attempted to taint the iglorious soul ofJesus he bribes Judas to deliver thekiss of betraval. Jesus in all his radiance walks forth from the tomb andonce .again Satan fcis defeated. TheAmbrosic Company expended 200,000in giving the.wondenul .drama a fitting presentation to the public. Aspecial machine is carried by the company with expert operator in charge.THE SPRING MAID."The'Spring Maid," the attractionat the Paris Grand tonight, is a musical comedy at its best. The ; musicis musicianly and of the haunting nature that makes an ;appeal to allclasses. The comedy is irresistibleand the whole "piece is characterizedby a brightness and a freshness and aspirit that pervades the playhouse theinstant the curtain rises on the firstlively scene of the Carlsbad Springgirls.Here is acase ot a widely exploitedmusical piece living up to tits reputation. A pleasant surprise, surely, andthose who enjoy amusement of thehighest class cannot afford to miss thisjoyous little operetta.The music is most tuneful ot all recent importations and critics all overthe country have declared it morepleasing than that of its Vienese sisters "The Merry Widow" and "TheChocolate Soldier." In the presentproduction of "The Spring Maid" willbe seen the famous original "SpringMaid" chorus and ballet, a group otyoung women who hae achieved almostas much fame as the principals themselves for their remarkable good looksand ability to sing and dance.HARRY LAUDER.The season's event in Lexingtonwill be the first aupearance of HarryLauder, the famousScotch comedian,who will be seen at the LexingtonOpera House for a special matinee anda night performance on Friday,March 21, together with his Highlander's Bagpipe Band, his. big symphony orchestra and his company ofinternational celebrities of the European capitals. .Lauder is now making lis first journey through the South, and is takingon the atmosphere ofithe conqueringprogress of a royal potentate ratherthan of a stage star, even a stage idolsuch as this . wonderful Scottish genius, who is the highest paid entertainer of all the history of the stageanywhere. In Lexington he is to begreeted and feted, and lionized atpublic receptions by Mayor Cassidyand the prominent Scots and officialsof the city.This is Lauder's fifth tdur of America, and in this period he -has established records everywhere for attendance and popularity. He is the mostimitated performer in stage annals..His phonograph records have sold intothejmill ons in America. England andevery ioreign nation, ?ud Jhe had thecredit for outselling Caruso somethinglike twenty, to one in these popularmediums of home entertainment.Mail orders are now being filled by,Manager Chas.JScott, at the Lexington Opera House, and the demand isas nav as mignc ne expected lor .of or nf c.iifVi mncmitiifia 1'Viq nuinnowill be 50 to $1.50 st matinee; and 50 Icents to $2 atjhe night performance.DEATHS.STOCK, CROP AND FAM NOTESrCUMMINS.Mrs. Kate Cummins, aged about73 years, died at her home in Carlisleyesterday morning at two o clock af-tpr less than a week s illness, due toa stroke of Daralysis which shesuffered last Tuesday.Mrs.JjCummins was well known inParis and Bourbon county. She wasthe widow nf the late Phillip IM. Cummins, who preceded her to the gravea number of years and was a sister ofMessrs. -Pat and Dan ''Bowden, whowere for a number of years engagedin buiness in Paris, yShe was one ofithe best knownwomen in Niciojas county-, and beingof a charitablevand.friendly .dispositionmade ajnumber.of "friends who weredevoted to her and who will regretdeeply he demise.She is survived" by seven sons,Messrs. Edward, Richard, James. Lawrence and Will Cummins, ot Carlisle,and Thomas and Phillip Cummins,' ofMaysville; two daughters, MissesMaggie and Alice' Cumminr, of Carlisle ; two brothers, Michael Bowden,of Cincinnati, and Lawrence Bowden,of Madison. Wisconsin, also survive.The funeral services will be held atthe Catholic church in Carlisle thismorning at 9 o'clock.BROWN.Mrs. Adele Price Brown, agtd aboutforty years, died at her home on Mainstreet Sunday morning at 5,:20 o'clockfollowing an illness of about threemonths, due to a complication of diseases. Mrs. Brown was taken ill about thefirst of January asd a short time afterwards was removed to a Lexingtonhospital for treatment. She did notimprove and whenft as lealized thather condition Was hopeless ahe wasbrought homewhere she could havethe tender ministrations of her familyand friends during her last days.Dr. and Mrs. Brow" were married inSt. Louis about twenty years ago andresided in the Clmtonville neighborhood before movine West, where theylived for a time and then returned toParis, where they have resided for thepast eight years in Bourbon county.The funeral services were held t theresidence yesterday afternoon at threeo'clock, conducted by Rev. Geo. H.Harris, of the; Episcopal church.Burial in Paris cemetery. The pallbearers were S. L. Weathers. E. P.Weathers. J. F. 'Trisler, Dr. M. H.Dailey. B M. Renick and Fred Legg,WILLIAMS.Mrs. Cordelia E. Williams, widowof W. S. Williams, died at her home inLexington Friday morning .aged fiftyeight years. She had been sick fowifcepast five weeks and her death was notunexpected. Her husband was killedin Virginia about three months ago.Mrs. Williams is survived by twosons, C. G. Williams. of.Raphine. Virginia, and W E. Williams, of Jackson,Kentucky, and seven daughters, MissTillie Williams, of Lexington; Mrs.Waller Swartz. f Eminence; Mrs.George Estes, of Newtown : Mrs. C.H. Estes. of Abington : Mrs. HolmerThomas, of Lexington; Mrs. I. H.Chelton. of Salt Lake City. Utah ; MissNora Williams, of Lexington, and asister. Mrs. Jessie Lovely, of Lexineton;two brothers, Joe Mitchell, ofLouisville, and John Sidener, of Paris.The funeral services were held at herlate nome Sunday afternoon at 1:30o'clocic, conducted by Rev. Mark Collis. After the funeral the body wastaken to Paris on a special car for interment in the J Paris cemetery. Services at the grave were conducted byRev. W. E. Ellis, of this city. xSTROTHER.Mr. James R. Strother, aged 59years, died at his home in Columbus,Kansas, last week after a long illnessof dropsy. Mr. Strother was a nativeof Grayson, Ky., and moved Westabout twenty-five years ago, locatingin the city where he died. He is survived by his wife, two children andfive brothers, among the latter beingRev. J. F. Strother, formerly Dastorof the Methodist church in this citv.Order Flowers Early.Let me have your order for Easterflowers early. I reDresent the bestflorist in the state. Prices right.14 3t JO VaRDEN.JERSEY COW FOR SALE I Jiavefor sale a fresh Jersey cow. rxtragood one.2t A. S. THOMPSON.Mrs. W. Hord Tipton, of Mt. Sterling, has so id her farm on the SopeJrpike near Little Rock, this county.,to Mr, Chester E. Gore. kof OnwardsInd. The place contains 127 acres andbrought $14,640.The Montgomery County Fair Association has selected July SO and 31and August 1 and 2 as the dates forholding the fair this year. The fairpromises to be a hummer, and wilfceclipse all previous efforts of the management. A carload of mules to be workedon the large farming tract of the Bourbon .Farming Co., near Rosetown,.Sask count.y Canada, were shippedfrom thislcity JSaturdav. The muleaeighteen in number, were in charge offMr. Arch Cunningham, who is emyloyed by the company.Abnee & Mussinon.of Paris, haveat their warehouse in this city, a total of 600,000 pounds of tobacco, purchased on the Paris and Lexingtonmarkets. Of thisj amount 400,000-pounds has been redried and is. in thehogsheads. It is said thathis is theonly firm in the State ttwrt has any redried tobacco on bfcnd; Thev are atpresent enagged in redrying the regaining two hundred thousand poundsof white Burley at their warehouse joiPleasant street and will continue tobuy and redrv until the season closesprovided additional storage room cambe secured.AHaving no-capital stock, providingthat no private pecuniary profits shallbe made for any one and that the officers shall serve without remunerationarticles incorporating the ChristianCounty Crop Improvement Associationhave been filed at Hopkinsville. Theincorporators are B. G. Nelson. Walter Knight. W. T. Fowler and HollandGarnett. These, with Fox Hollcwayanl Jdhn M. Morris form the Board ofDirectors. The association is furmedto advance'in every way possible theagricultural, horticultural and 3tockraising interests of the county. Anexpert horticulturist will be employed. The expenses will be met bySI, 000, secured from the AmericanCouncil of Grain Exchanges of Chicgoand $1,500 appropriated by the Fiscal?court.Easter Togs.Everyone wants to look right onEaster Sunday. The clothes don'tmake the man but tney help In s.Come to our new store and select oneof those beautiful new spring suitswe are displaying. We are agents forParis of the celebrated "Smile" 'hats. We will save you mo'ney andguarantee satisfaction if you will uiver -usyour business. Don't forget locationDoyle Building, on Main street,between Eighth and Ninth.18 2t HIGGINS & FLANAGAN. .Georgetown College PresidentElectedThe board of trustees of Georgetown.Collece at its annual mid winter meeting held in Lexington Tuesday unanimously elected the Rev. M. B. Adams,,of Frankfort, who is president both ofthe Kentucky Baptist UducationaJ Society and the Kentucky Anti-3aloon.League, as president of Georgetown.College, to succeed Dr. Yaer, whoseresignation as'head of that instftutionwas accepted some time ago. Mr.Adams, who was present, and is a.member of the noard of trustees, accepted the honor.The board adopted resolutions ofgratitude for the services rendered byDr. Yager during the more than thirty years he had been connected withthe college. fDraw Heavy Fines.At Richmond Clinton bcott, of Berea, whose place Mas raided a fewdays ago by United States Marshalsand detectives, was tried on twenty- 'three warrants charged with sellingspirituous drinks in local option terri- ,tory and found guilty in all but twofines and costs amounting to 5780. Thefines ranged from $20 to S60 each. Berea students and two detectives werethe principal witnesses. The defendant was given till Friday to pay the:fines or go to jail.-4Zffl Get It While Kffl - M iII others are in the same fix be- JBES-tHhill cause no matter how much JHIB "'JIS J o H k- iliijRSPlL iI A halfhour's talk with our genial house- F """ &&k1 wiring man will prove interesting and profitable. Njl 4kI Paris 6as and Electric Co., Inc. I qEx JLV T w ' ii ii nn urn ii i i - ' f Jp P;rTHE BOURBON HEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 1 8, 19133tfTO;ifill!; BOURBON NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THC BESTOr eVERYTH'Mf-.SAVE MONEYBiggest, best, and cheapestline of wall paper ever inParis. Save you Money.J. T. HINTON.Hamilton Guards to Meet.The members of the HamiltonGuards are requested to be 'present tata meeting to be held in the Confederate room in the court house Friday afternoon at 3 o'clock. A full attendance of the memhers si requested.Good ApplesWe have plenty of Albemarle pippins. C. P. COOK & CO.Jersey Cows Sold at Auction.Fifty-three head of Jersey cows fromthe celebrated Richland herd of Sweetwater, Tenn., were sold at JFuhrman'sstable Fridaymorning by W. ;F. McClelland & Co. The cows were beauties and attracted much attention.Tl Q.y were sold at prices ranging fromS?7 50 to $100. Clayton Fite was the1 Uder of The lucky number, 228J.whicht -ew the free cow.Laster Clothes .for Young Men.We suggeft Norfolks in reither blueserge or any of our new novelty greysor tans, 15 to $25.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Boy Injured by Explosion.While playing with a dynamite cap atthe home of his parents near Milleisburg. Chas. Hubbard, the little son ofMr. and Mrs. Bud Hubbard, was 'painfully injured when an explosion resulted from a blow with shammer. Threfingers of his left tornd were torn offby the force of the explosion, andthe fourth was badly lacerated. Howthe lad came in possession of the capis unknown.Easter Shoes.Spring! Spring! Excuse our enthusiasm, we just wanted to say our newspring shoes are here. We are showing the smartest styles in patents, dullleathers and cloth shoes. Your faster costume will not be complete without'a pair. Come in and be fitted witha pair of the season's latest.GEO. McWILLIAMS.The Shoe Man.Hutchison Church Destroyed by, Fire.Fire, which is believedlto have originated from a defective flue destroyedthe Methodist church at Hutchison,Sunday afternoon at two o'clock entailing a loss of 51,600 without anyinsurance.!The fire wa3 discovered by Mr. andMrs. M. K. Jacoby, who leside nearHutchison. Volumes of' smoke werei -suing from the roofand flames soonburst forth. Thd frame structuie wassoon consumed. rThe church, which was known as thechapel, was erected in 1876. The organand some of the pulpit furniturewas saved from the ..building. Services were held at the church Sundaymorning by Kev. F. A. Arnold and thecongregation had gone to their homeswhen the fire started.Rre,wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.Mayor Hinton Again HonoredMayorLfcT. Hinton received the following appointment yesterday fromGov. McCreary:In the Name and by the Authorityof the Commonwealth ot Kentucky.State Seal.James B. MCcreary,Governor of said Commonwealth.To all to whonthese presents shallcome, greeting;Know ye, that reDosing'especial confidence in the integrity and lability ofJohn T. Hinton, of Paris, Kentucky.I herehv anDoint him a delegate torepresent the State of Kentuckythe First National I Conferencearketing and Farm Credits, toheld at Chicago. 111., on April 8,atonbe9an&lO, 1913.Witness mv hand at Frankfort, thisfifteenth day of March, 1913.JAMES B. McCHEARY.f M rOrder Flowers Early.Let me have you order for Easterflowers early. I 'represent the best- - florist in the State. Prices right.14-3t JO. VARDEN.U. D.C. Meeting.The regular meeting of RichafdHawes Chapter U. D. C, was held inthecourt house Saturday with Mrs.Amos Turney presiding and a largenumber of members present. Mrs. C.C. Leer was appointed custodian ofcrosses for this chapter which is a lifeoffice.An appeal was made tor a contribu;tion toward the support of Mrs Traylor, who is known as the FlorenceNightingale of the South on account. of ner ministrations to the soldiers ofthe Confederacy during the -war, andwho is feeble and blind.A letter of greeting was read fromMrs. -Alexander White, the presidentJx general.Mrs. John Connell read an originalpaper on the "Songs ad Poems of theSouth Land," and Mrs. Turney read anarticle about the "Great Seal of theConfederacy."Mrs. William G. Talbott. Mrs. 'J. T.v Vansant and Mrs. J. D. Burnaughwere appointed to arrange the programfor the next years work.A framed chart of the organizationof the veteran' association was presented to the chapter by Mr.GeorgeW.Davis.& After-discussion of several mattersf? of, inioor jmpcrtance, thy meeting, wasPERSONAL MENTION..,rMa- Maria Lyons continues quiteill at her home on Main street.Mrs. WilliamHibler, of Lexington, was a visitor in Pans yesterday.Miss Nannie Mahaney, 'of Cincinnati, is visitinglher sister, Mrs. SamBrannon.Mr. William Farris. of Sunman,Ind., is visiting his-sister, Mrs. A. W.Cottingham. in this city.Mrs. Robert Hopkins and Tgon, ofCincinnati, are visiting Mrs. Hopkins'mother. Mrs. Thos. Helm Clay.'Miss Rachel Wiggins haB returnedfrom a delightful visit to Washington,D.C ., and other points in the East.Mr. Joe H.Ewalt.'of this'city, isin Indianapolis attendinsthe meetingof the Grand Masters of the MasonicLodge.Mrs. Louis Frank and daughter,Miss Elizabeth, of Louisville, arethe guests of Mr. and - Mrs. B. A.Frank.Mrs.1 Sarah J. Turney, who hasbpen the guest of Mrs. Jesse Turney,returned yesterday to her home inCynthiana.Mr. "and Mrs. Rudolph Davis havetaken rooms at the home of Miss Maria' Tipton on High'street, while theirnew home is being erected." Mrs. Frederick A. Wallis arrivedTuesday evening from New York fora visit of ten days to her parents. Mr.and Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay, Sr.Judge E. B. January attended ameeting of the Board of Control ofthe Odd Fellows' Widows and OrphansHome in 'Lexington Thursday afternoun. Mr. and Mrs. Rudolph Davis havetaken rooms in the Tipton house onHigh street and have vacated theirhome on Twelfth street which was re7cently purchased by Mr. George WvattMis Lucille Price has returnedfrom an eight months' visit to heraunt, Mrs.William Lilienfeld, in Chi-gc. Mrs. Lilienfeld accompaniedr to Paris to visit her sister. Mrs.L. Price.Mrs.'T. J. Shannon, of Lexington,was in Paris last week, the guest ofMrs. William Myall, jto . complete arrangements for bringing the MedalContest Class of the State Universityto this city for the purpose of giving adeclamatorv concert under the auspices of Lhe local W. C. T. U.Handsomely engraved invitationshave been received by prominent society people in Par s to a ball to begiven ny Mr. and Mrs. Robert Walton Rounsavaal and Mr. Hanson Thomas, Monday evening, March 24. at thePhoenix Hotel in Lexington. Mrs.Rounsavaal was Miss Ethel Thomas,and her brother, Mr. Tnomas, formerly resided in this city.The silver hocial held by theWoman's Class of the ChristianChurch Bible School Thursday afternoon in thQ parlors of the church, wasa most delightful affair and a successin every particular. Mrs. Clark Barnett, violinist, and Misses DorothyTalbott and Gertrude Welsh, vocalists,contributed several beautiful numbersto the musical program. Tea andwafers were sprved by the members ofthe. class, Miss Susie Ashurst presiding at a beautifully appointed table.Mrs. Thomas Buckner was hostessto an elegant luncheon euchre Fridayat her elegant country home onl theNorth (Middletown pike. ThergU33tswere invited for twelve o'clock andshortly after their arnvafwere servedwith luncheon at small tables. Pinkand white carnations were used indecorating the lovely home. Afterthe luncheon a number ot games wereenjoyed, there being seven tables ofnlavers The only prize, a largebunch of nink and white carnations,was drawn by Mrs. Frank Clay andMiss Mary Woodford.Try A "Davis Twenty" for EasterNever has there been so much seivice in a $20 suit.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Appointed Administrator.Stephen'Moore. colored, was yesterday appointedjadministratur pf the estate of William Steuban, deceased, byJudge Denfs Dundon and qualified.Judge Dundon appointed Messrs. O. L.Davis and W. WJ Mitchell -appraisersof the estate.JoyyI and Greens.Country hog jowl and kale green.Sounds good .don't it? We can let youhave it to-day. J Phone in 'vour order.18-2t JOHN SAUEK.J. Will Clay Announces for Senator.In this issue of the News appears theannouncement of Hon J. Will Clay,of MontEfomery county for the Democratic nomination as Senator of theTwenty-Eighth Senatorial Districtcomposed of the counties of Bourbon,Clark and Montgomery.Under the rotation agreement whichhas long been observed in this districtit ia Montgomery'st ime to furnish thenominee and it is most likely neitherBourbon nor Clark wll put a canddatein opposition to Montgomery's claim.Mr. Clay is anativedf Bourboncounty, removing fromhis county toMontgomery at the ae of sirt. He isprominently connected, being a defendant of the Tiare Dr. John Clay,and is a brother of Hon. M. C. Clay,now Insurance Commissioner of Kentucky. There is not a moredeserving Democrat in Montgomery county than Mr.Clay, and he is thoroughly equippedfor the high honor which he seeks. Heis an active and progressive farmer, ashrewd business man, and understandsto'a marked degree ,'the needs of thedistrict. He has served two terms inthe Legislature as representative fromMontgomery county, with great creditand general satisfaction to the peopleof his home county.Sale.Do like vour neighbor if you arenot ready to have furniture, carpets,rugsor cook stove sent out, come inand 'have them set aside. lake aa-vantage of the remodeling sale-pricestf A. F. WHEELER & CO.Will Moye Family to this City.Mr. John Dickey, ofXthe firm,, ofDickey & McShanea'B sold his residence in Cynthiana, and will about thefirst of May move his -family here toreside in the luture.Scientifically ExecutedThe ladies are invited to come in andhave their haii dressed before gointr otha nnnninni! nn Thnforloo Vrtlir llJlfchfcjt JJGM1J0 J1J A1UJ.0UUJI .VPMb "fliwon t iook rignt ji yuur iihh ia wiunv.Miss Heitz will dress vour hair andmanicure your nails in artistic style.Chiropody work scientifically done.MRS. M. A. PA ION.Fish by Parcel Post.Mr. James Curtis received yesterday from Mr. Emrnett Marti ri. ofFord. Ky., a package which containeda number ot fine fish. The packagewas shipped by parcel pest and wasmailed m Ford yesterday morning, arriving here on the early tiain. It isthe first instance on record at thelocal office for the receipt of such aparcel.Bock Beer.We will have on tap today thecele-brated John;Hauck Bock Beer.BENNIE WEISSBERG.Early Spring Buying.Early spring buyers are havingmany things set aside during our remodeling sale. We will deliver whenyou are ready.tf A. fcV WHEELER & CO.seed oats:We believe we have thefinest Seed Oats ever in Paris.See them before buying.11 -4t C. S. BRENT & BRO.Warehouse Company to IncreaseStock.With a view of increasing its capitalstuck a meeting of the stockholders ofthe Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Company has been called for Saturday afternoon at 2 o'clock. The meetingwill be held at the court house.The local company which began operation, last November has succeededto a degree surpassing the expectations of the, most sanguine and willpay a handsome return on the investment, i "" .rr;The capacity of the warehouse 'andthe facilities for handling tobacco haveproven inadeqate and to meet the increased needs of the warehouse it hasbeen decided to increase the capitalstock of the company from '$35,000 toS50.000. looking toward additional improvements. - z-Zz.In order to do this it will require thewritten consent of two-thirds of thestockholders in the concern and forthis purpose and also a discussion, ofother plans the meeting has beenpalled.The Prettiest Ever.The spring hats this year aredreams. Our line is without a doubtthe prettiest and nobbiest we haveever had. We want you to see ourhats before vou buy. Our openingwill be on Thursday, March 20. Youare respectfullyjnvited to call and seethem whether you buy or not.MRS. CORNE WATSON BAIRD.11 3tFor Sale PrivatelyOne mahogany bookcase, Jfrincessdresser, an oak rocker and psdestal,one handsome pair lace curtains.MRS. RUDOLPH DAVIS .1Lost!Gold cuff button was lost either inWilliams' pool room at the corner ofFourth aid Main street ,or on thestreets of Paris Saturday night. Lib-eral'reward if returned to this office.For Sale.Havingjdecided not to complete myhome on Houston avenue I offer theproperty for sale.I offer also my lot containing sevenacres of land in White Addition, nearthe foot bridge over Houston.$ 7 4t CLAUDE M. THOMAS.For SaleA black horse ;Either phone.E.7 tfwill work anywhere.M. WHEELER.Eighth and Main.NOTICEAll particsjhaving accounts againstMrs. Carrie Hornsey, deceased, willoJease present same to me at oncefor payment.7 4t N. KRIENER.Public SaleOF-Bank Stock!We offer itock for'sale in the Agricultural Bank, Paris, Ky., in five sharelots onMonday, April 7th5county court day, at 11 o'clock a.m., in.front of the court house door.SECURITY TRUST CO..i Lexington, Ky.Interest in K. E. A. ReefingThe members of the Kentcky Educationallssociation are looking forwardwith much interest to the next meeting of the Association at Louisville onApril 31, May 1. 2 and 3. It is expected that this meeting will be a sort ofhome coming where all of the members of the profession meet and greet,exchange opinions and experiences,trials and tribulations, plans and devices. The pleasurable anticipations,the excellent professional talks, andround table chats are enjoyable features of the association.Easter Neckwear.Beautiful shades of spring in all newsilks 50 cents to $2.J. W. DAVIS & CO.IA WIRED HOUSEIS STOCK UHO-MTIWimtthis evenmJHow often does thisquestion bob up in yourhome? It's perfectly natural, for every one shouldhave some recreation afterthe day's work.And no one need wantfor it where there's aVictor in the home.Why not get a Victorfor your home? Come inand see us aboutit today.Victors $10 to$100. Victor-Vic-trolas$15 to $250.Terms to suit.Daugberty BrosYou are sure toGiveN. ) 'at the Right Prices.You take no chances when you buy your Furniture,Carpets, Mattings, Rugs and House-furnishingsHERE. , And justJ.T. HINTONISee Our Line of Lace Curtains, 50c a pair, on up.Wood (Viantels. Undertaking..1. ;:; - v v,HINEXT SUNDAY IS EASTER. 'ArS You Ready..If not we have all the latest ideas in Dress Accessories tocomplete your outfit.Beautiful new Shirt Waists tailored or lingerie.An endless vriety of Neckwear.Dainty colored or white hand work French Handkerchiefs.The new Spring Millinery calls for veils, We have the newVanity and Shetland Veils. Ask to see them.Easter Ribbons, dainty brocades in sash and plain bow tomatch.xlovesfin kid and fabric, long and short.Many othef Easter wearables that are sure to please.Wi Ed.IrTlie Place to Pu.rclia.seYour Jexvelry isttThe House of Quality'UptoDate Goods In Sterling Silver ancL Gold.Hi i -I.HSHIRK &(Sast venn. 2SS,have it FurnishedYon the Right Goodsbear this in mind,Moneys-Nothing Second --M:Tucker.,-HFITHIAN.jfcome 130.Ir-ctIRight if you do. feL1too, We Save YoujHand.' . - li.ill II I 1 "! IFjPp' - i4&UirBSuMfoN1- mgYmf. KENTUCKYTmARCH 18, 1913.SA-Season 1913Caylor SimmonsDark bay horse, 16 hans high, weighs1,200 lbs.By Simmons Boy 17517, sire of Silver Simmons 2:16, Simmonette 2:19,etc.let dam Brilliante, by Wilkes Boy2:24, sire of Courier-Journal 2:06,Judge Swing 2:08, York Boy 2:083and nearly 100 others in 2:30 list.2nd dam Grace Ashland by AshlandChief 751, sonpf Mambrino Chief II.3rd dam Pong by Old Pilot.4th dam Meg by Boston, (thoroughbred.) TAYLOR SIMMONS will make theseason of 1913 at my stables in Paris,on High street, near 2nd street, at$15 to InsureThe ideal carriage horse is theAmerican trotting bred horse, withsize, speed, courage, and the truetrotting gait, with plenty of knee andhock action. In addition he musthave a clean cut head and neck, styleand finish, plenty of substance without coarseness.Recognizing the demand for thisclass of horses, I selected Taylor Simmons 23489, a young horse which fillsall the requirements of the typicalcarriage horse. If the theory that"like begets like" be true, he willproduce horses of this type whenmated with good mares. Through hisveins flow the blood of the greatesttrotting families. He traces twice toGeorge Wilkes and five times to Mambrino Chief II. This is backed by thestout thoroughbred blood of Boston.A few of the fancy priced onessired by Taylor Simmons: Thendara,winner in the walk-trot class at theBlue Grass Fair in 1907, LouisvilleHorse Show and in the East, sold byOol. O. L. Railey for 2,500; AlleenPowers, sold to Godfrey Priest, ofNew York, for $1,000 ; Little Nath,sold for $500 to Eastern parties. Hisget are always commanding the pricethat pay a man to raise good stock.Lien retained on colts until seasonmoney is paid.Imp. Joe IIPure Bred Shetland Stallion.Imp. Joe II, sorrel and white, registered at Port Huron, August 28,1905, No. vol. 14, page 3. Sire Jim,No. 292; dam Banbsy, No. 1410. Asure foal getter.10 TO INSURE A LIVING COLT.Tom MackThe celebrated James E. Clay Jack,will make the season at Murphy'sYards. Tom Mack is the best breederof mules that ever stood in the county.$12 TO INSURE LIVING COLT$20 JENNETM.J. MURPHY,Paris, Ky.Are You a Cold SuffererTake Dr King's New Discovery.thebest cough, cold, throat and lung medicine made. Money refunded if itfails to cure you. Do not hesitatetake it at our risk. First dose helps.J. R. Wells, Floy dada, Texas, writes:"Dr. King's New Discoveiy cured myterrible cough and cold. I gained 15pounds." Buylit at Oberdorfer's.It is not only lightning-proof But fire-proof andstorm-proof, too.CORTRIGHT METAL SHINGLESlast as long as the building and neverJust the thing for town or country1 meet every condition of comfort,ForBest & Hawkins,P4 &HUSBAND RESCUEDDESPAIRING WIFEAfter Foor Tears of DiscouragingConditions, Mrs. Bullock GaveUp in Despair. HusbandCame to Rescue.Citron, Ky. In an interesting letterfrom this place, Mrs. Bettie Bullockwrites as follows : "I suffered for fourwith womanly troubles, and duringJ3I could only sit up for a little, jd -.'eould not walk anywhere atMTiBmes, I would have severe painsis ny left side.The doctor was called in, and his treatment rejieved me for a while, but I wasoo confined to my bed again. AfterJht,othic seemed to do me any good.State of Ohio,, city of Toledo.)Lucas conty, (ss.Frank J. Cheney makes oath that heis senior partner of the firm of F. J.Cheney & Co., doing business in theCity of Toledo, County and Stateaforesaid, and that paid iirm will Daythe sum of QNE HUNDRED DOLLARS for eachand every case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by the useof Hall's Catarrh Cure.FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and Fubscribedin my presence this 6th day of December. A. D. 1886.A. W. GLEASON.Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally and acts directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Send for testimonials free.F. J. CHENEY & CO..Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all druggists. 75 cents.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. Jap Baker's Sign.The oriental capacity for using ourmother tongue with strange twists ofunconscious humor is well known, butfew examples are equal to this delicious sign on a Japanese baker'sshop: "A Karinura, Biggest Loafer inTokyo." Oriental Review.His Case Exceptional."Who's the thin little man with themelancholy expression?" "That's Hummer, the poet, who wrote the beautifulverses with the refrain, 'Life is whatyou make it you can make it glad.'He suffers from chronic dyspepsia."Cleveland Plain Dealer.Mothers Can Safely BuyZ Dr. King's New Discovery and giveit to'the little ones when ailing andsuffering with colds, coughs, throat orlung troubles, tastes nice, harmless,once used, always used. Mrs. BruceCrawford, Niagara, Mo., writes:"Dr. King's New Discovery changedour boy from a pale, weak, sick boy tothe picture of health." Always helps.Buy it at Oberdorfer's.DKckens Most Widely Known.If it be true to say of any authorthat everybody has read him, that author is Dickens. He is more of a national institution today than Shakespeare, whose works, praised and perverted, explained and darkened, by anamazing mass of commentators today,are not, in our experience, reallyknown to the average reader. LondonAthenaeum.Sensible Ambition.Ambition's reason is best exemplified by an earnest effort to preparefor the position higher up before being willing to accept it.Saving Time.It will always be a problem, how.much time in a year is saved by theman who is the first to get off thetrain as it runs into the terminal.Philadelphia Ledger. . j&s&vYou iudge a man not by what hepromises to do. but by what he hasdone. This is the only true test.Chamberlain's Couyh Remedy judgedby this standard has no superior. Peonle everywhere sppak of it in th highest terms of praise. For sale by aldealers.need repairs.buildings, because thevbeauty and 'security.A;Tvtaft.iajtftAAtftASale byJMilfersburg, Ky.I had gotten so weak I could not stand,and I gave up in despair.At last, my husband got me a bottle ofCardui, the woman's tonic, and I commenced taking it. From the very firstdose, I could tell it was helping me. Ican now walk two miles without itstiring me, and am doing all my work."If you are all run down from womanlytroubles, don't give up in despair. TryCardui, the woman's tonic. It has helpedmore than a million women, in its 50years of continuous success, and shouldsurely help you, too. Your druggist hassold Cardui for years. He knows whatit will do. Ask him. He will recommend it Begin taking Cardui today.Write to: Chattanooga Medicine Co., Ladles'Advisory Depf.. Chattanooga, Tenn., for SpecialInstructions n your case and 64-page book. HomeTreatment f WHjen," sent id plain wrapper. Jf4WITH BRICKS OF GOLDLITTLE MEXICAN TOWN OF MAZAPIL IS SAID TO BE PAVED.Discovery Made by American MiningEngineer Results in the Purchaseby Company of All the PropertyThey Could Buy.If Dick Whittlngton had only livedtoday he might have found the citywhose streets were paved with gold.For recent investigation has broughtto light the fact that such a placedoes exist, and that there is marvelous wealth in the little Mexican townof Mazapil.Imagine the bricks of the pavementbeing full of gold and estimated from$500 to $600 to the ton! And thereis a single wall about a garden infront of the town hall which is valuedat a million dollars!It seems that not long ago anAmerican mining engineer was roaming through that country, and when hecame back into civilization he broughtwith him a few bricks and some samples of slag. He was not sure if theywere worth anything at all, and neverdreamed of their real value, but heturned them over to his company's assayer. The assayer's report was startling.If there was more of the same stuffto be had, he said, untold wealth wasin . sight, and immediately the company started an investigation. It wasfound that the assayer's estimate wasnot exaggerated. The streets ofMazapil were literally paved withgold, and a high percentage of silver, too, and some of the baser metals, such as copper, lead and zinc.Of course it did not take manydays before the little town was being deluged wwith the company's representatives, who proceeded promptly to buy up every inch of availableproperty. The natives, ignorant ofthe value, sold out for a song. Thecompany purchased all the old smelters and slag piles and dilapidatedwalls and buildings. It even boughtup the postoffice'.The only thing which they couldnotget was the Roman Catholicchurch. The priests refused positively to sell, and no amount of moneyseemed to tempt them. In vain didthe representatives offer higher prices.They were forced to be content without the church.Then, just as they were on theverge of removing the bricks andslags to the modern smelters, the Mexican revolution started, and all operations along that line had to besuspended. But it is needless to saythat every inch of the little town isbeing carefully guarded for the future use of the fortunate company.Her Last Chance."You can't deny it," he said sternly."Penelope, you've been chewing gumjigain!"Desperately, frantically, she sobbedon his chest.Firmly lifting her off the chest anddepositing her on the sofa, he dashedthe beads of agony "off his brow.They fell on the hardwood floor with ametallic clatter."I warned you," he continued, "thatI would break off our engagement ifI caught you at it again. A girl thatchews gum is no fit wife for a man.A girl that chews gum would take in amatinee with the butcher money. Penelope, all is over between us."With a final outburst of desperationshe was on his chest again, pleading,begging, beseeching for the love ofMike."One more chance," she cried, "andI swear another drop of gum shall never pass these lips.""So be it," he replied. "One morechance."And reaching grimly for his hat, hedeparted, pausing on the doorstep onlylong enough to bite off a fresh chewof tobacco. Detroit Free Press.Task for Naval Officers.Naval officers are not often calledupon to perform such a delicate taskas that set out in a circular whichemanates from the French ministry ofmarine. It runs thus:Ruyter Warfusse has bequeathed tothe town of Houlon a legacy destinedto promote marriage between an ornhan girl of Rood character and asailor of proved sobriety, the?formerto be selected by the mayor of Toulonand the latter by the senior captain ofthe squadron of vessels now anchoredat Toulon.Would-be candidates for the legacymust send a statement of their qualifications accompanied by documentaryevidence to this officer not later thanDecember 25.The couple selected must, accordingto the terms of the will, be marriedon the forthcoming feast of the Epiphany and undertake to have at haveat least four children. New YorkSun.When Wisdom Lingers.The operation was successful; alsothe patient was dead.The doctor spoke kindly to themourning widow:"Marvellous that the poor man livedthrough so many years of so muchdisease and suffering!""Yes, doctor," the widow replied,"we had tried our best to make himhave the operation long, long beforethis." Life. ' 'His Need.Knicker Don't' you want a livingwage?Bocker Twant more. I want one Ican afford to die onrWILL MAKE IRON BOILSCIENTIFIC MEN SUCCEED IN PRODUCING FIERCE HEAT.Granulated Aluminum Mixed WithOxide of Iron Resulted in a Temperature of 3,000 Degrees Centigrade, the Record.For some years past scientific menhave been striving to produce heatfiercer than any temperature of whichwe have experience in ordinary life.The greatest heat ever developed bythe agency of man was obtained bySir Andrew Noble, who exploded cordite in closed vessels, so that a pressure of 50 tonB to the square inch wasregistered and a degree of heat neverpreviously recorded.The highest temperature reachedin fuel furnaces for practical purposes is between 1,700 and i;800 degrees centigrade, and at such a heatfire clay and porcelain are melted.Then we come to the flame fed withand coal gas; by these means atemperature of 2,000 degrees centigrade may be obtained.A new industry solely dependentunon the emDloyment of great heatis that of melting quartz. This mineral, fused by the oxy-hydrogenflame, is converted into tubes andflasks and other vessels for chemical purposes. These vessels are absolutely inert, and 'may be heatedhundreds of degrees higher than ispossible with glass; they may alsobe plunged at such heat into coldwater without injury.It has been discovered that bywhirling a centrifugal wheel at highvelocity in the combustion chamberof a furnace the nitorgen is cast toone side, while the oxygen is concentrated, and in this way a brighter flame and greater heat are obtained. A similar appliance usedduring the combusion of coal in afurnace enables a firm of papermakers to save 27 per cent, of theircoal bill by the elimination ofhydrogen gas formed in combustion .But most remarkable of all thephases of the utilization of extremeheat is the discovery of the weldingmaterial known as thermit. Theinventor discovered that aluminiumis4 very much attached to oxygen,and holds it closer than a brother.Therefore he mixed granulated aluminium with oxic3 of iron, for thelighter metal wants oxygen, and thequantity of' magnesium filings wasplaced on top of the mixture and astorm-match applied, and immediately a ' mass of molten iron wasseen boiling at a temperature of3,000 degrees centigrade muchhigher than any temperature in ordinary UBe. 'Handicap in Golf.An unusual golf 'handicap was played on one of the local links recently,the proponent of the same winninghands down. One of the rules of golfis that one must not talk to a playerwhen he is about to make a drive, normust others discuss any subject in hishearing. It might take his mind offthe game for just an instant and thatmight be fatal.In Kansas City lives a crack but extremely nervous golf enthusiast. Hehad been in the habit of beating a fatand phlegmatic friend until the lattertired of it."I'll tell you what I'll do," the friendsaid not long ago. "I'll play you eighteen holes if you will give me a handicap." "Done," said the nervous player."Name the handicap.""Three times during the game, andnot more than three, I am to be permitted to stand behind you and say'Boo' while you are preparing todrive."Every time it was the nervous man'splay his fat friend walked up and juststood behind him. Never once duringthe game did the fat man say "Boo!"or anything else. But the anticipationof the expected "Boo!" was fairlynerve-shattering, and the fat man wonhands down. Kansas City Journal.Female Longevity.Women are living longer than theydid twenty-five years ago, but thedoctors aren't agreed on the reason.Though all admit it isn't due to thespread of the suffrage movement, theyare widely divided in their opinionsabout it. Statistics compiled in England show that the expectation of lifeof a woman of fifty is a year greaterthan it was in 1875, while that of aman is only a few months greater.One school of doctors, who believethat death is due entirely to a wearingout of brain tissues, says the greaterlongevity of women is due to the factthat they don't use their brains asmuch as men. On the other side ofthe scientific fence is a group of doctors who insist that woman liveslonger now because she is more sheltered than man; doesn't have to facethe wearing competition of businessthat he has to endure and that shespends most of her time at home,which is more airy and healthful thanthe offices where men work.Rest for All."I see that you are going to giveyour pastor a vacation.""Yes." . '"But why?""He needs a rest?""But you are going to give him asix-months vacation.""Yes.""And why?" 4v"Say, don't you 'think we need arest, too?" Cleveland IJlain Dealer.No Need to Slop Work.When Ihe'doctor orders you to stopwork it staggers you. I can't, yousay, You know you are weak, rundown and failing in health day byday. but you must work as long as youcan stand. What you need is ElectricBitters to give tone, strength and vigor to your system, to prevent breakdown and build you up. Don't beweak, sickly or ailing when ElectricBitters will benefit you from the firstdose. Thousands bless them for theirglorious health and strength. Trythem. Every bottle is guaranteed tosatisfy. Only 50 centa at Oberdorfer's.Youfcan say goodbve to constipationwith a clear conscience if you aseChamberlain's Tablets. Many havebeen permanently cured by their use.For sale by all dealers.4 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDepositsYour Deposits Are GuaranteedYOU TAKE NO RISKSsIf You Are InterestedWrite UsUNION STATE BANKMuskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000Fully PaidI 0y JontolThe Great Blood PurifierDon't wait, for Spring has come, so begin to buildup your system now by cleansing your blood withOXY-TONIC, the Great Germ Destroyer and BloodPurifier. For all diseases of the blood, and as aTONIC there is but one OXY-TONIC.Germs cause disease, OXY-TONIC destroysthe germs.Call and get a free booklet atW. T. Brooks9!Special Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther NoticeWe payl21-2c for greenbeef hides. Call us upor bring it" to our place.MAX MUNICH,8th Street, PARIS, KYGall Easb Tenn. Phone 374Professional CardsJ J. WILT-JAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Zoom 1 Elks Buildine.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.E. T 136.Home 136.Office PhonesResidence Home334.DR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - - KentuckyCurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AllHoursNo Long Waits.WA lSHare of the Public5 " roriageSoJicited.Pat-Many inftytrs .from ibcvmatiwhave been surprised and delighted witbthe promDt relief afforded byapnlyingChamberlain's Liniment. Not onecase of' rheumatism in ten requirei'anyinternal treatment whatever. This-,liniment is.for sale by .all.dealers.If Yon Want to Pnt in Water1Works in Yonr BonseOr Barn, or Bathroom Fixtures orFurnace, or Tin, Shingles or MetalRoofing, and all kinds of Tin Work,.Guttering, Pipss, Filters, Water Tanksr.Dipping Tanks, Sewerage Pipe andClay Flues. Concrete Work a Specialty. Give us a call.We also handle the American FieldWite Fencing, and the best line off"Cook Stoves. Oil Stoves and Hpaterson the market, and all kinds of Hardware, Farming Tools, Grates ancLMantels, Screen Doors, Poultry Sapplies, Harness of all kinds, the W. J.Oliver Plow, the best Plow on themarket. Horse Clippers, Cement,.Lime, Paint and Oils.We buy the very best goods obtainable, and our prices are right.BEST & HAWKINS,4mar3mo Millersburg, Ky.Ailing SkinEc2ema, Psoriasis, Dandruff, Pimples, skin troubles of any kind WASH.THEM AWAY withD. D. D. Prescription lor EczemaThis mild wash will bring: you instant relief from that awful itch.Prove it with a 50c bottle? We guarantee the regular $1.00 size bottle toend your distress and begin your cureor your money back. D.DJ). Soaihelps, too; asls us,'Chas. E. Butler & Co., Paris, KywIDrug Store.BARBER SWindsor HotelModern Equipment.Polite JService.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDKentucky Traction andTerminal Co.H1INTERTJRBAN SCHEDULELve. Lexington Lve. Parisfor Paris For LexingtoiLx6.0u a m . 6.45 a m7.20 am x7.30 a mx8.00 a m 8.15 a m8.50 am x9.00 a mlu.20 a m 9.45 a m11.50 a m 11.15 a ra1 20 p m 12.45 p m2.50 p m 2.15 p m3.30 p m 3.45 p m4.20 p m 4.30 p m5.00 p m 5.15 p m8.00 p m o.UO p mT.20 p m 6.45 p m9.10 pm 8.15 pm11.H0 p m 10.05 p mx Daily Except Sunday.Special RatesLow Roundj TripHomeseekers TicketsTo points in Alabama, Florida, Louis-iana, Mississippi, Arizona, Arkansas,Missouri, New Mexico, Oklahoma,Texas and Kansas on sale first, an?third)Tuesday of each month, returniirnin za days trom date of sale.Round trip Winter Tourist iickets toall principal winter resorts in theSouth on sale Oct. 15th to April 30th,1913, final return limit May 3ist, 1913.For further information, apply toWH. Agent,., , J.,K.. SMITH, IL-;V.I7ff-?ifc.' itJM.JexiSK.frsTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH, IS 19134PARIS GRATUESDAY,MARCH .....185NDi .ALL THE WORLD LOVES"Two Little Love Bees"and"How S Love a Pretty. Pace."Si5SISHe Doecn't Help Much.'The man who has no faith in anything is about as effective as anmpty boiler.Sterilization by Ozone.Ozone works for the sterilization ofdrinking water have been erected inGermany, France, Italy and Rusia.Beginning Ail Over Again."Here's where I receive some registered male," said the college widowas she heard the freshman's step onthe porch. Stanford Chaparral.At Times." Ted "Do you believe that womanshould hold the reins?" Ned"It isall right when you have the girl outIn a sleigh." Judge.Baldness and Intellect.According to the statement of a prolessor in a German university the percentage of baldness among intellectualmen is only two for musical men andixteen for writers and others.Simple.Gabe "Why do they say that the.ghost walks on pay-day?" Steve "Be--causethat's the day our spirits rise."Cincinnati Enquirer.New Art Store!I have opened an ArtStore next to Mrs. M. A.Paton. New and freshstock of all kinds offanfw work IEmbroidery,Pillow Cases,Towels,Underwear,Waists, Etc.Novelties of all KindsStamping Done on ShortNotice Everythingguaranteed to be thebest.: ::::::mr$.J.6.BoardNATIONAL5c and 10c StoreSPECIALFor Thirty DaysOn AllWall PaperAnd also Puttingsame on Walls.Must Have Roomfor New Stock.national ac and ffic StoreFAMOUS "SPRING MAID"BEAUTY CHORUSBallet and MetropolitanOrcltestra.PRICES, 35 CENTS TOLAUGHTERAudubon Societies Want TariffWall to Bar Out Aigrettes.National Association Demands Actionon Part' of Ways and Means Committee Seek to End Destruction of Beautiful Herons.New York. Backed by farmers,sportsmen and women's clubs inevery section of the country, officersof the National Association of Audubon Societies have demanded of theways and means committee of congress an opportunity to urge a prohibitive tariff on aigrette feathers at theihearing on schedule N, which will beheld before the end of this month.Opposing the moneyed interests ofthe millinery wholesalers, whose in-roads on the valuable bird life of NewYork, Louisiana, Missouri, New Jersey,Oregon and California have alreadyforced these states to pass laws making contraband the sales of theseplumes, the national Audubon delegation will ask that they be excludediroin uie wnoie country in me interest jof everyone dependent upon its agri-cultural rrncsnpritv iThe Federation of Women's Clubsand organizations of grangers in almost every state, as well as the Campfire club, the New York Zoological society, the Long Island Sportsmen's association, the American Game Protec-tive association and other bodies ofsportsmen, have pledged their support( to this movement.Data, compiled from scientific observation of a flock of the few Heronsthat still survive the wholesale butchery of professional plume hunters in anAudubon breeding rookery in Florida,are being prepared to demonstrate tocongress that these 'rare birds are aconsiderable factor in the destructionof field mice, gophers, grasshoppersand other agricultural pests.While in some instances they havebeen found to devour an occasionaltrout, their regular diet is proved toconsist principally of minnows, suckers and other useless fish, as well aswater snakes, that are known to destroy great quantities of trout eggsand valuable young fish. Other proofof the natural need of farmers andfishermen for the beautiful birds thatthe milliners have almost driven toextinction will be presented by representatives of these interests.Following the recent introductionby Senator Roet of a resolution empowering the president of the UnitedStates to call an international congress on bird protection, representatives of the world powers actively engaged in saving the rare species thatis being massacred for their aigretteplumes are now expressing to the Audubon organization their support ofthis movement.While the whole globe is at presentscoured for these trophies, taken frombutchered mother birds for markethere, a tariff ban would do much toward saving the beautiful heron fromworld-wide destruction, it is asserted."With the people of the UnitedStates of almost every class united tobar from our country the aigrettes ofthfi unfortunate heron, we expect tomeet thebig millinery interests insole opposition before the congressional committee," said T. GilbertPearson, secretary of the National Association of Audubon Societies, at itsheadquarters, 1974 Broadway."The slaughter of these useful andbeautiful birds is a commercial matteronly to the men who sell their scalpsin those states where this shamefultraffic is not already forbidden by law.Congress should certainly recognizethe sentiment and interests of thewhole people, who ask it to end thisEimDortation as a matter of humanitylas well as economic and agriculturalfKaflt"4 .Werba and Luescher's Coast to Coast Viennese Operetta SuccessTHE SPRING MAIDThe Bubbling Musical Sensation which captivated New Yorkduring its phenomenal run at the Liberty Theatre.GALA PRESENTATION OP THE SEASON'S MOSTNOTABLE LIGHT OPERA EVENT.COMPANYWITH:GENE LUNESKA, J, H. GOLDS WORTHY, HATTYE FOX,G. P. MAC SWEENEY, ETHEL IVIMEY, HARRY SHORT,ELSIE THOMAS, ARTHUR HYDE, FRANK WOOLEY.S2.00. SEATNEW EXPLOSIVE IS TESTED ISmokeless, Odorless and Has a Greater Penetrative Force Than Dynamite or Cordite.London. Military experts who havebeen experimenting with the new explosive "powerite," the discovery ofa young inventor of Sydney, N. S. W.,predict that it will revolutionize theuse of small arms and artillery in warfare. Cheapness, greater driving force, increased penetration, no smoke, nosmell, no recoil and no danger intransportation, are among the virtuesclaimed for "powerite," the composition of which is, of course, a secret.Cartridges containing 30 grains of thenew explosive were fired in competition with cordite cartridges, fittedwith the usual service charge of 35grains.The "powerite" projectiles penetrated eight inches into the targetMasagainst five inches for the cordite.Fired into sand boxes, "powerite"forced its way 18 inches, and corditeonly ten. After testing its force on asunken ship in Thayer bay, the officer in charge reported that threepounds of "powerite" was equal to tenpounds of dynamite. .The Sydney invention looks likecotton and burns with a harmless puffof flame when a match is applied.Revolver shots may be fired into it atsnort range witnout danger or expio-sion, and it is further claimed that itis unaffected by heat, cold, moistureor age. Exclusive use of "powerite"by the British government has beenoffered by the inventor, and will probably be accepted.BIG SUM FOR REMBRANDTJohnN. Willys Buys "The PrayingPilgrim" for $250,000 InChicago.Chicago. Rembrandt's painting,"The Praying Pilgrim," regarded asone of the most valuable examples ofhis art, has been sold by a Chicagoart dealer, to John N. Willys of Toledo, O., for $250,000. The picture hasbeen taken to Toledo by Mr. Reinhardt and will be delivered to Mr.Willys, who will lend it for six monthsto the Toledo Museum of Art.The picture was Obtained by theChicago dealer from the private gallery of Maurice Kahn in Paris, whereit hung for many years. There werefour Rembrandts in the Kahn collection, and upon the death of their owner two years ago collectors from allover the world visited Paris to bidfor the famous paintings. Americawas successful in obtaining three."The Praying Pilgrim" was paintedIn 1661 and is two and a half feetwide and three feet high. It depictsa pilgrim kneeling bareheaded withclasped handS and upraised features,lighted by a deep spiritual vision.The hat of the pilgrim lies on a rudetable at his side and his staff is dimly discernible in the background. Adeep golden brown color predominates.UNCLESAM OPPOSES TIPSWill Not Pay Bill of $80.45 Spent byOfficer on Visit toGermany.New York. Capt. Matthew E. Han-na, U. . A., who recently resignedfrom the army to enter business inthis city, has discovered that the government does not believe in tips. Captain Hanna, as a member of the general staff, witnessed the German armymaneuvers as guest of the emperor in1911, and on his visit spent $80.45 intips to waiters and hotel servants.It was said that the total bill of$319 which he turned In was only halfof what It cost him to maintain hispart of the dignity of the UnitedStates representative during his visit,and In this he had included the tipping item.After considerable correspondencethe treasury department has finallyruled that Captain Hanna must standthe tipping expense himself.1 V - I ' 1.1. -. ,-.OF TOSALE AT MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE'SPFJN.ESS BOZENA AND VJ J' MvINAMIKLL AMD "PRINCE AL.ADAR. 9 MMBg ""' IMtf BATON TUJDr " jAt ParisJust Boss.A plumber, by the way, is a skilledmechanic who sits on a soap box whilehis helper does the work. Philadelphia Ledger.Why Snow Is Warm.Snow is warm by virtue of its lightand woolly texture. But it is alsowarm on account of its whiteness.Had snow been black it would haveabsorbed the heat of the sun andmelted quickly. Instead, it reflectsheat, and the reflected heat falls uponbodies above the snow, while thewarmth of the earth is preserved beneath it.MAIL FAST; BLOCKS SUICIDEFriends, Informed by Letters, HaltWest Norristown (Pa.) Man'sDeath Plans.Norristown, Pa. The United Statesmail was too fast for Robert Mulfinger, sixty-five years old, a wealthy business man of AVest Norristown township, and to this he owes the fact thatho is alive. Mulfinger planned to com.mit suicide and he wrote letters to aL local undertaker and a local bankerabout his burial and his last wishes.They received the letters so promptlythat they found Mulfinger lying in hisbathroom with a tube connected withthe gas fixture in his mouth. He wasrevived and demanded to know whythey had saved his life.Mulfinger lost money recently in investments and he got the idea that hewas going to the poorhouse. He preferred death to that fate.CALLED FROM BED BY .THIEFDruggist, Getting Up to Get Medicine for "Customer," RacesRevolver.Trenton. Dr. Paul Wendell, proprietor of a drug store here and formerly the local weather observer, wascalled from his bed early in the morning by a stranger who said he wantedto have a prescription filled. The druggist dressed and went to the door andwas met by a revolver and a, demandfor his money. Wendell gave up $56and was then ordered to go inside andlock the door.The doctor telephoned to the tk-I lice, but they have failed to get therobber. . 'fALL THE WORLD DANCfS: '"Day Dreams"and"The Fountain Pay."2 Seasons in New York.6 months in Chicago.I Year in Berlin andVienna., -, - .,Grand, Tuesday, March 1 8thr IP FYPLiQuid Poultry Remedy 25c"Saves the Sick"For Gapes, While Dlarrheoa, Roup,I,imberneck and all Poultrydiseases. No Cure NoPay, It works whilethey roost.ncv Liquid LiceCA Killer 25c.Ha3 no "equal" as alice, miteand germ killer. Best wash for allsores and cuts on allstock. Finest disinfectant for house, stable.gffS -.dog kennel and hen house. ,BY MAIL 30c,THE IEX CHEMICAL CO., Newport, Ky.SOLD BYVarden & Son, L A. Soper, little Rock,D. E. Clark & Co., Millersburg, Ky. f(tollof jtine)He's Coning Here,Who? The Tailor Man, The "Superior"Expert Cutter Coming to OurStore-Don't Wait.The "Superior" Tailoring Co.Desires the pleasure of showing you the best tailoring, the snapffmodel coats, perfect satisfaction. Order to-day.Have your measure taken for your Spring Suit. See the venynnest line ot clothes that has ever been shown m this city.Several Hundred Styles to Select From..WILL BE HEREThursday, Friday and Saturday,March 6, 7 and 8iTWlN f'BROS., CLOTHINGfrHvaW. N. BarkleyMrs. W. N. BarldeyWoman's Exchange & Cafe112 N. Upper Street,Lexington, KentuckyHome-made Cakes, Breads, Pies, Candies, Croquetts, Salads, Pickles, Chow-,Chow, Ftc, received fresh daily.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Sp?per; also lunches and short orders at &thours with the best the market affords.(28mar6mo)t. $1,000 to $1H,00W. KING & SON,125' Cheapslde. Lexington, Kvdept;5 perceoMmfrMvOr)WlnloWfcJV Wi(tlfl 'PfpfHTlGCflr. ,fi--- ... - - :'"--,. ..v."v"i S- -TT " 'r& a it- -'f.. A.J 'Y-sj ...?i23tf3 V3T,'y?!- Vf. $THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KY., MARCH 18, 191XB1WMMt Wti1Babies' Health League OrganizesThe call for a meeting of those interested in the Babies' Health Leaguemet with a hearty response, and alarge number assembled at the Elks'Building for the Durpose of perlecting an organization. Mrs. Wade H.Whitley presided at the meeting. Avpaper was :ead bv Mrs. Withersi)avi, giving the oricin of tnis movement, and sialirg its methods andplans of vforT The following officerswere electxxl: Piesident, Mrs. Wade H.""'Whitley, Vfce-PrPsident, Mis. LouisW. Taylor: Secretary, Mrs. WithersDavis; Treasurer, Dr. F. L. Lapsley.The leaeue will ro!d a meeting thefirst Saturday in each month at theCitv School building.Easter 1913' Gut'ficwers of every description forEaster. Place you order early and get.- Mhe choice.14 3t JO. VARDEN.mmamm&mmm m&M v o.,A.- .. rt. f r.m e www ;i im . . ysiMktiV IW sJ, y f "j ii -, JohnU Rockefeller,COULQ POINT,, WITH PKIPETO HIS FIRST DEPOSITIN THE BANK.HE. HAD ENOUGH INTHE BANK TO TAKETHE FIRST BUSINESS OPPORTUNITYSCLCAN YOU IP YOUBANK' We all know the story of Mr. Rockefeller, and Mr.Garnegie, of Schwab, or any of our other great fortunebuilders. They began by PUTTING THEIR MONEYIN THEBANK. Not because they had too muchioh, no! 1 hey wanted that money in ts bank so itwould be safe and so it would be there .o grasp thefirst good BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY. None ofthem dabbled in get-rich-quick schemes peddledaround by smooth strangers.- Make OUR bank YOUR bank.We payS per cent, interest on Savings.:ctiCapital, $i005C00.00.W. HALL, President.WHEN YOU1 : ASSUREDiIn Fact, Everything That Could Be Desired to InsureSATISFIED CUSTOMERS!IbReport A Wyatt Sale.The stock and impJpraenc sale conducted bv Harris & Speakes for Mr.George W. Wyatt. Thursaay, a thefarm on the North Middletown Dikewhich ne recently sold to Mr. FredFister, ct Fayette countv, was well attended and everything brought satisfactory prices. Auctioneer George D.Speskea makes the following ieDort:Cows brought from $67. 50 to S121.50;one heifer sold for .$35 ; horses broughtfrom $131 to S195; sheep. $4.50 perhead; turkey hens, $5.65 each ; chickens, 75 cents each ; corn $3 cer barrelin the crib, and oats, 14 and $15 perton. Mr. Wvatt and family are preparing to move! to their new home onTwelfth street, recently purchasedfrom Mr. and Mrs. Kudolph Davis. &iunnyDrooK wnisKy.We are sole acents ingenuine old Sunnybrookis ror tnesky. Thebest whisky madeBEN1 per quart.EISSBERG.BHIS FIRSTSDE&PUT IT IN THEMV-'x..PatfWhi. nSNJEWJJT'lrmiA. ;K2i)m0TOSHHKSSL mmm of parisSurplus, $40,000.00.C. KTHOMAS, Cashier.BUY YOUR SPRING SHOES ATYOUR DOLLARhas a greater purchasing power here than atany other place.When you buy here you are sure of gettingmore far your money. We give better values,better qualify, better style, better fit.Come now, come early, see our Shoes before buying. You are always welcome.We have now on sale some exceptionallygreat values in Misses' and Children's HighGrade Shoes and Oxfords for early Springwear, 'Christian Endeavor Rally. ,The Chritian Endeavor which washeld at the Christian church Thursdayevening was a grand success in everyparticular. In spite of the inclementweather a large crowd of local peoplewere present, while a special car fromLexington brought over thirty-nineenthusiastic.The meeting was called to order byMaudPetree,PresidentJof the ChristianEndeavor Society. The first speakerwas Mr. Charles Evans, State Secretary of the-Christian Endeavor workin Kentucky.He was followed by the President ofthe State Union. C. E. Martin, ofNicholasville, who confined his remarks principally to the coming Stateconvetion to be held 'at Mt. Sterling,May 2, 3, and 4, strongly purging thatas many as possible arrange to go. ;M. Burritt, chairman of the campaign for sending State wide delegatesto Los Angeles International convention July 9-14. was the next speaker.The meeting was opened with prayerby Rev. W. E. Ellis. Miss MaryHavden sang a solo. ?Refreshments were 'serveud at theclose of the meeting by the ladies ofthe church.Rugs! Rugs!Beautiful Brussel rugs, 9 by 12, $11 ;also Art Square Rugs, 9 by 12. $4.50.during our remodeling sale, which began Monday, February 24.tf A. P. WHEELER & CO.Poles Ordered Oil County RoadsBv a vote of six to three the Fayette County Fiscal Court, at a meetingheld Saturday afternoon, passed a resolution ordering the B'ayette HomeTelephone Company to remove itspoles and wires from the differentturnpikes and cross rrosds of Fayettecountv bv Nov. 15. and instructing'thecountv judge to prepare and offer forsale a telephone franchise for Fayettecounty, the same to be sold for a sumnotless'than 5G0.Spring Millinery.Our Annual Spring Millinery Open-ing will be held on :Thursday. March20. 1913. This season the hats are exceptionally pretty. We think our selection is the very rnobbiest we haveever selected. We want the ladies tocome in on this occasion and inspectour stock.MRS. LORNE WATSON BAIRD.ll-3tSmedley Will Probate?!.The last wilTand 'testament of thelate Mr. 3road Smedley, a well knownfarmerlwho resided between Paris andLexington, and who died recently inMilleraburg. has been probated in thecounty court.Mr. Smedley left all of his property,rual. Dersonal nnd mixed, to his heirs-at-law,and named his brother, Mr.Aaron Smedley, as his administrator,requesting that he be allowed to qualify without bond. Dr. C. B. Smithand Dr. W. G. Dailey were witnessesto the instrument.Expert Barber.Mr. Carl Crawford, a barber of 30years' experience, invites the publicto his new shop at the Windsor Hotel.Two chairs. Prompt service. Children's work a specialty. Razors honedsatisfactorily. tfm66FINYOUYOUlWant Hildreth for Senator.A petition is being circulated 'andsigned bv many Democrats in Nicholas county asking Sheriff D. H. Hildreth, of Robertbon county, to becomea candidate for the Democratic nomination for State Senatpr in the Thirteenth district. About 100 othe mostDrominent Democrats of that countyhave signed the petition. The districtis composed of NicholaSjRobertsonand Harrison counties. According toan agreement between the countiesthe Senator comes from Robertsoncountv this year.The Sanitary Shop.With all the latest devices installedin my shop to make it absolutely sanitary and clean, including a patenttowel sterilizer, individual cups, soap,etc., I believe we have the most modern shop in Paris. We have just installed a new porcelain tub and an upto date bathroom. Hot water at alltimes. Three barbers all experts.We would like to have vour trade. Itake this method of soliciting it. Isthere a reason why we should not haveit?Rpspectfully,RUSS CORBIN.Insure with W.Prompt payingcompanies.O. Hinton.non - uniontfnFACTIONOUR STORE!Tin IJ r I I.A IParis Grand, Wed., March 26Henry W. Savage Offfers the New York Company in ihe Comedythat Broke All Laughter Record in Lexington Last Week:200(LMiles to. rAND LIBERTY'Reno:HENRY W. SAVAGE OFFERSThe Pullman Car Carnival. ,ni 71 T T fl M iLALUL1& JS"Tl911 IAFOR LAUGHING!WHO CAN HELP IT- w JHL JffiwrJlWILLWILLLAUGH EVERYMILETHRILL AT THE HOLD-Seats on Sale Saturday. Prices, 25c to $(.50. Mail Orders Received in Advance will be Filled in the Order of Their Receipt. 'PARIS GRAND, TWO NIGHTS,fRIDflY AND SATURDAY, MARCH 21-22.The Moving Picture Giassic Ambrosio's Five-Heel Feature,S ATA NOR THE DRAMA OF HUMANITY5 Gorgeous Acts! 200 Elaborate Scenes! Produced at a- Cost of $200,000. .INTERESTING, EDUCATIONAL A SERMON IN EVERY SGEME!' PRICES :Lower Floor, 50c; Balcony, 35c; Gallery, 25c.SPECIAL MACHINEWith Expert Operator in Gharge Carried By Company,Racing Dates Assigned.The Kentucky Racing Commissionlast week passed upon and approvedspring racing dates agreed on jby thefour tracks in Kentucky, ChurchillDowns, Douglas Park, Latonia andLexington.Louisville will have 25 days of racing, with the Derby on May 10, andthe racing season will open at Lexington April 26. The dates have been assigned as follows:Lexington, April 26 to May 8, inclusive, eleven days; Churchill Downs,Louisville, May 10 to 24, thirteendays; Douglas Park, Louisville, May26 to June 2, twelve days; Latonia,June 9 to July. 5. twenty-four days.Sunnybrook Whisky.We are sole agents in'Faris for thegenuine old Sunnybrook ;Whisky. Thebest whisky made. Only $1 per quart.BENNIE WEISSBERG.The Prettiest Ever. 'The Spring hats this year aredreams. Our line is without a doubtthe prettiest an,d nobbiest we haveever had. We want you to see ourhats before you buy. Our openingwill be on Thursday, March 20. Youare respectfully invited to call and seethem whether you buy or not.MRS. CORNE WATSON BAIRD.11 3tAskOrder Restrainingmaster GeneralPostCounsel foivthe New York Journalof Commerce at Washington Tuesdayapplied lo the Supreme Court to restrain Postmaster General Burlesonfrom immediately enforcing the"newspaper publicity law," FormerPostmaster General Hitchcock hadagreed not to attempt to enforce thelaw pending a orompt appeal to theSupreme Court from ihe decision ofhe Federal Courts in New York.Rober G. Morris, counsel for theJournal of Commerc in a statement tothe Supreme Court declired that onMarch 4 the postmaster of New Yorkhad notified the paper that unless thestatements required by the law werefiled at once, ne would proceed tc enforce its penalties. Similar letters,the attorney charged, had been sent toother newspapers throughout the country. Since March 4, Attorney Mornsdeclared Postmaster General Burlesonhad informed him formally that unlessthe required returns were made on orbefore March 11, he would enforce thepenalties which include disbarufentfrom the maila.The Supreme Court has had the validity ot the law "under considerationfor several months, but has announcedno decision. The court took the motion of 'Mr. Morris under advisement.Easter 1913Cut flowers of every description forEaster. Placejfour order earlv andr-UPJShowed Ud Express Company!A specific case has been found atMil waukee in which an express com-",pany took advantae of the parcel postto save itself trouble, and" collect agood profit on Uncle Sam's activities.The case has Been laid before the "postal authorities.but it is not thoughtany action can be taken.The specific shipment was a box ofcigars from Detroit to Milwaukee, inwhich a Detroit man, about to visithere, decided to test out a suspicion''that the express companies wereusingthe parcel post. He addressed the boxto a Milwaukee friend and paid fortycents fcr the shipment. When hereached here he found the package delivered bv the parcel post bearing 22.cents in postal stamps. The expresscompany had made ,18 cents on theshipment.Notice to CreditorsNotice is herebv given that all perlsons having claims against the estateof H. G. Hopkins, deceased, must present them properly proven accordingto law to the undersigned administrators not later than April 1, 1913. Allpersons owing the estate of H-G. Hopkins, deceased, are notified to see theundersigned for settlement.D. W. ESTILL.J. H. HOPKINS, .Administrators Es. H. G. Hopkins.typewritersRebuilt Like new!Remington 6, $23Smith Premier 2,$23Remington 10, $40Smith Premier 10, $40 'Monarch, $40tinriprwnnrl A. $4ftOliver 3, $40 jOliver 5, $50LJC Smith & Bro., $35HWe Handle Carbon Paper Ribboas fociall Makes. ' v?VeRepair Typewriters. 3fWe have the Largest Stock in theU. S.The Josepi .Cailiot Co.t 149-151 N. Bro1.vi Tr WAAhtamili' &&'get the choice.1 Lexington, Kentucky14 3fc JO YARDED ,..yr.V-. . - I