3-f,-sr"?, ;.- -kT-KP- CstfjnT. at v.-c -vc af- ivr?. . pref-jbPUBLISHED EVFKY. TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARU't:VOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, OCT. 28, 1913.NATURAL GAS TURNED INTOMAINS YESTERDAY AFTERNOONs..nTMi?BOURBON"3-V. -t , Am ."Vfl BtflBTfll ' 'f.' -kiL$!9 -&sr:vF , Vs-i .Jk?$'tr4WithDetdchbleHanclles2 NOW ON DISPLAYIN OUR WINDOW.Let Us Demonstrat Tfteiir-Superiority. :.6-'aResidents of the South end of Paris from Fifteenth street to -the citylimits whose homes are properlyequipped are now enjoying the comforts of natural i gas. The gas Nwasturned into the mams in that sectionof the city yesterday afternoon.Mr. J. H. Satterwhite, of the Central Kentucky Natural Gas Co., hasbeen in the city for several days, andyesterday completed the installationof the company's meter at the junction of the pipe Jine and the citymain. Sunday afternoon, two sectionsof the line were blown put preparatory to turning the gas into the mainsWorkmen yesterday completed pieinstallation of the reducing seryice onPleasant street, near the corner t ofEighth. Superintendent C. L. Ste6nbergen, of the Paris Gas & ElectricCo., has a full force at work in aneffort to have everything in readinesswith" a view of having gas turned into the mains .throughout the-cfty" byWednesday night. This .morning itis expected, that the gas will heturned into the section of main fromFifteenth street to the corner ofTwelfth and Main, and the afternoonfrom Twelfth to the reducing serviceon Pleasant street. 'From this point gas will be distributed to the business section, and the?East end of the city and hrough thehigh pressure mains which have beeninstalled.' As' soon as natural gas is turnedinto the pipes the gas plant in EastParis, which is used for the manufacture of -artificial gas, will either bedismantled or locked up to be usedin. emergencies. ,".WE KNOW HOWJJJt .I.MACK1NA Wi.xKCOATS-,' -Are AH the Rage Among theJMenp,This Fall .2v,?'Z"'rxf ifSfT-QAand if you don't come in and' buy one of these coats now - vyou will regret it later pn. I beh-3 v,Mackinaw CoatsVirFLOUR!8Lancaster Pride.The Best Flour For Less Money.Try a Sack and if Not Satisfactory weWill Refund Your IVI oncyas Wef Guarantee Every Sack.25 lbs. Lancaster Pride Flour $ .8050 lbs. Lancaster Pride Jaour y . . 1 .tU100 lbs. Lancaster Pride Flour .' 3. 1 OThe best Northern Potatoes, per pk. 30c(These are fancy white stock)Sweet Potatoes, per pk 35cCabbage, nice vsolid heads, per lb v 3 cDried Sliced Beef in glass jars :...'. 20cxveguicir joz, vaiue;Stone's Wrapped Cakes Received Fresh Everv Day.Both Phones 234T C I PMIHAMi . uuh i. Im vasn orocery.'&? -3 &&iX.ltffttlXtti&&ttlKttfKfsSii'i S&iPWl,Wm r t i c t TH nmrnnr H nfiiprvtiK AVAVMVA M. AWWW J1 Guaranteed JFor Six MonthsA nlooeina i-n. lo4iAe and mrkfnAife iMnn -----v- idarning. All sizes." mm r'v , mi - 3C?iR Y--,- .l. C TTx T--T- &fspv uur 3iocis oi winier wear i mm tomDicic.' Union Suits and Separate Garments' at all jprices. "mmnmVr r r s m.l..u ?Swm rt iah vim 3 i ii ill Krsp I liVL9 V VVi V7IUUIIIUI CJ1k . v .S , , and Furnishers ' 4rwiigiiyi'PARIS MUSIC FESTIVALTO BE A GREAT EVENTThe coming of BIyron W. Whitneyas the principal soloist will be anepoch in the musical history of Paris.He is acknowledged to be the finestconcert" basso in America. Our citizens are showing their appreciation ofMr. Mbrehead's endeavor to give to jthe publiclne music at a nominalcost by subscribing liberally to , theguarantee fund. The large orchestrawill be a feature.x, is a short, heavy wool garment, cut 33 to 36 inches long;made Double-Breasted and Norfolh sfyle in dark MarounPlaids, Greys, Tansvand Dark Green Colors, just the4hingfor the fellowwants to keep warm and still not to bebothered with a long heavy .Overcoat. ,-STMrsDEMOCRATS LEAD IN FIRSTDAY'S REGISTRATION.The special registration which, began yesterday, and which will continue through today and tomorrow, resulted in the Democrats assuming agood lead over the Republicans.It is expected the three days' registration, will bring the Democratic.majority close to six hundred in thecity. The result yesterday was astfollowst -Democrats, 32; Republicans;Independent, 1. As yet there is alarge number of Democrats who failed to register on the regular day, andwho can do so durine the davs setfor the supplemental registration. ILet every Democrat who was prevented from registering for the reason of illness in his family or absence from the city, go to the office ofCounty Clerk Pearce Paton and secure a certificate. It will be necessary before he will "be entitled to votein the regular election next Tuesday.:ICome in to our store and try one one, as we have an Viendless variety. These Coats, which we shall take pleas-" :ure in showing you all prices from $5 to $1 2.Mitchell & Blakemore,The Store for Mien's Styles x r Paris, KentuckySOLE AGENTS.We are sole agents for the celebrated Wilson .natural gas heaters.Nothing' better andour prices are alfright. Come in and see them.(24-4t) LOWRY & TALBOTT.LEXINGTON CONCERN TO FURNISH ELECTRICITY TO PARIS CO.XKXSf4&p27JFi'T3J,SkIs?ifJ?iwKjiaiKkUKUe JUnUHJU?,The report-.that has been circulated here that the Paris Gas & Electric Company would soon be absorbed"by the Kentucky Utilities Co., is without foundation, according to information given out by the officials of thelocal company and no change in theownership of the plant will take placeas rumored.The rumor in all probability gainedcirculation when a contract was madewith the Kentucky Utilities Co. tofurnish current to the Paris- Gas &Electric Co., after the latter had secured a franchise by purchase fromthe Bourbon Fiscal Court to stringwires and erect poles on the Lexington pike.The Paris plant has been runningto its capacity for some months, andas a result a contract was made withthe Lexington Utilities Co., which has.ownership of the plat will take placeCo. to supply the Paps .sompany withsuch current as it needed above thecapacity of its local plan,t.The character of the" current furnished by the Lexington. Utilities Co.,and that generated at the local plantare identical, and the Paris companywill take what it needs from the Lexington company's wires at Kenney.This step was taken by the Paris company as being less expensive, both inthe long run and as a matter of imme- Ldiate investment, than to install additional generators of electricity in itslocal plant.While the contract- was made overa month ago for the purchase of current it does not specify so far as isknown that the Lexinton; companyshall udertake to furnish all the current needed in Paris, and it is learnedthat the Paris company will keep aclose comparative record of its costsand that should it be found less expensive to buy current than vto manufacture it the Lexington iompany maysupply a increasing proportion of current up to a point where the Parisplant finds manufaoture profitable.,COMPARE OUR" PRICES.Mn;jHr.imiiiruirjiiniiniLHiiiinimiiiiHMiiiiiiiMtiiiiii vwwMwmmwmwmmm.iiiiii;Hni::;iMiiiiiiriiiuMi!iiiiii)i!i!iiiiiiiiiiiinB fefsFRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability .Reigns. ,i3V- Z AnnounceNow Ready. For YourInspectionNew FalL and Winter StylesInLadies', Misses' and Junior'sSuits, Cloaks, IDressesv. ' Silk. and Bv,ening 'Dressesr - Evening Wraps and Goats- Silk and Crepe KimonasSeparate Skirts in Variety of Styles .s- - . -$'. -BcBt 2-Millinery atv Popular PricesCome in and Look Around-mmmmtmmmxYjm do not haye'to go to Lexingtoif jfor Wilson natural as heaters' 'and .Clark' Jewel; Gas Ranges'. ., We have 2 k AlFRAraCoc C9.tiKiiiHimniiiutiiimiiiiiHiwHW miiiiimnmiiiiwwwmmiiWHIt HfbothnGomprejojartpric(ef Wvww,vKS-S.o.AtrA I-'-"fts.J&lVftpgw fnnf-- .SW3H- MSRTft'ivr- 3THE BQUMJpN:NEWS;,ARIS, KENTVCKY, OCTOBBER 28. J9t3""m'Vi thSPT.. 'ifc-tyitifmOS-anW2g!ah.Vc:lnrLj?.91D. D. D. Opensin CureProfeesor Budlong's case of eczemaTwas known to almost every hospitaland physician of reputation throughoutxke state .of Connecticut. His letter isAnother interesting demonstration ofwhat is being accomplished by thoSamous specific D. D. D., Prescription."'It may be of interest to you to knowxhat your life-giving preparation, D.X. I. Prescription has been of incalculable value to me. I was covered"with eczema from head to foot when2. began using your remedies. I couldset no relief, although I tried a thousand, means. I applied but two botjles of the Prescription; a cure waseffected in .a very, snort time, in lessANNOUNCEMENT !Be Paris Rome telephone and CeKgrapl) Co.A Kentucky corporation, has purchased the property and plant ofthe Bourbon County Home Telephone Company, and will continuethe business as an Independent Telephone Company, connectingwith Independent Toll Lines and over 100,000 Home TelephoneSubscribers in Kentucky.The business of the Company will be under the direct supervision of J. J. Veatch, District Manager. New cable' is being in--stalled,open wire removed, and modern, up-.to-date, central energy service will be provided for our subscribers.Call contract department and order your telephone now.(Incorporated)HJGO SOUTH THIS WINTERGo where fair skies, ideal weather, and outdoor enjoyment dispel allthought of winter's discomfort.WINTER TOURIST FARESNOW AVAILABLE VIA 'TO ALL RESORTS OF THE SOUTHINCLUDING FLORIDA, NEW ORLEANS, PANAMAf'LAND OF THE SKY."TICKETSON SALE DAILY.ATTRACTIVE STOP-OVEREQUIPMENT, SERVICE AND SCENERY .UNSURPASSED.For details consult any Ticket Agent or writeH. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent, 101 East Main St, Lexington, Ky.SS V&& r?mBourbonDWIS & FUNK, Props.Sjf Telephone No. 4.. .BourboncK 'i SferThe Best in the WorldHiggin All-MetalScreens,Higgin All-MetalTheTheWeather Strip.Distributors of the Walger New. cTWodel AwningThe Best Awning Ever Pujfc UpSuitable For Residence, Office and Hotel Buildings,School Houses, Etc.Some of Our Customers in Paris Massie Hospital, A.J. Winters, Geo. Alexander, N. F. Brent, J. W. Davis,Deposit Bank, T. H. Clay, Mitchell & Blakemore and d6zens of others.Our Sales Agents will gladly furnish a estimate for iyou. Get the Higgin service and be satisfied.- Screens bought now for future delivery are made at 2eents per square foot cherper. .T. A. Hendricks,Sales AgentPhone 2585iiiWiiiitnnmNew Eraof Skin Diseasethan on month'." Prof. C. J. Budlong,South Lyme, Conn. ,Ask any druggist today for D D. IXPrescription. .He'll tell you it allaysthe itch Instantly and, goon there are?signs of cure."We have handled th temedy foryears and regard it as the specific fonskin troubles of all kinds. Come in or;ask us about D. D. IX Prescription,also about D. I. Ps soap especiallyfor tender skins., "We offer- the first full size bottle'on the guarantee that unless it stops;the" itch, at once, it costs you not aicent.ANDLONG RETURN LIMIT.PRIVILEGES.mftLaundryifWest 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.ifin "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes brack on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want, as we like toappreciateesLaundry,Paris Kentucky. TMT'-C""''---!Lexington, Ky. ZIhe Bonirbdir NewsVFcahliehfrl 1flfi1 3 Var rff. Cnntinouous Publication.SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,BostoflBLce as Mail Matter of theSecond Class.)Published Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance..ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch "for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading Notices, 10 cents vper lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade and source of revenue.TO CHANGE TAX SYSTEM.Commission About Completed Draft. For Next Assembly.Members of the State Tax Commission are considering a completed draftof a bill which would revolutionizethe system of assessing and collectingtaxes in Kentucky. Prof. Carl Plehn,of the University of California, prepared a draft, after which PresidentW. O. Davis, of the commission, an4Secretary Bhvood Hamilton, prepared some amendments to it, and copiesof the original draft and the amendments were sent to each member ofthe commission, -who will meet soonand decide upon a final draft of the.bill as it will go to the General. Assembly. A Central Tax Commission, composed "of three members, appointed bythe Governor, one of the members tobelong to a minority party, will havecharge of the entire work o'f assessingproperty of all kinds, including railroads and other corporations. Underthis commission will be deputies, appointed under the civil service rules.The State will be divided into thirtyfive districts, Conforming to the judicial districts. The Tax Commissionand the deputies will work the yeararound, and actual Inspection of eachpiece of property assessed will bemade.The bill would abolish the StateBoard of Equalization, the StateBoard of Valuation and Assessment,County Board of Supervisors andCounty and City Assessors. It is estimated that it will make an initialsaving in the annual cost to the Statealone of assessing property of $50,-000.As the County Assessors are elected this year for four years, it isporbable that some plan will be incorporated in the bill providing fortheir employment, so that they willnot lose out just as, soon as theytake office.WASTE FROM SCHOOL DESKSMADE INTO CHEAP BRUSHES.Waste wood in the manufacture ofschool desks is now being used forthe backs of cheap brushes, according to the statement of the forest service. 'A large manufacturer of scholldesks in JMichigan had a considerableamount of waste material in , sizeswhich were too short to enter intothe manufacture of the smallest desksand could not be utalized furtherwith his machinery or in his line ofwork. This material was all harcrmaple in pieces an inch thick, a footor so long, ,and about three incheswide. For a long time it had beenconsigned to the waste pile and soldas fire-wood. This waste amounted tofrom one thousand to fifteen hundredboard feet each day. A nearby manufacturer was using practically thisquantity of maple, which he was sawing up into small pitces for makingthe backs of cheap bruslies.Members of the forest service, in'vestigating methods of eliminatingfactory waste, conceived the idea thatthet blocks used by the brush factorycould be readily secured from thewase of the school esk manufacturer, and on this basis got the twotogether. Arrangements were madeso that the brush manufacturer nowplaces orders with the other firm forI its raw material and what was formerly waste is now souree of profit.Here Is the HogLexington, Ky.RBMKDT CO.,BOURBONEnclosed find photo of hog that wascmrtd of cholera. with your BourbonMeg Cholera Remedy. This hoc ir8almost deadvbefore using the medicineamd then was entirely eured, exceptloss of ears, tail, etc. The hog isewned by Mr. Skiles Ewing, of BawUt Green, Ky. He will be glad tegive you a testimonial, and we can getseveral Imore if you want them. . 'JHNKINS-SUBLETT DRTJG CO., 'Bowlin Grea Ky. ,f ';ask Your Dpugglstfor ItFOR SALE BY,W. T. BROOKS.Professional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street. -Office Phones 0TelE. T. 334. . l 'Home 334.ttesidencerK. A. B KELLER,JL Pbacticing Physician,Offices, Roomsand 5, Elk's Bid gParisKentuckyJ J. WILLIAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Building.'BUCK FREEMANFirst- Class Barber Shop..Three Expert Artists; NoWaits.Hot and ColdBaths.Main t. - Opp. Court HouseTry Buck's Coal Oil Shampoo.I "-i SEE USlforiNATIONAL5c and 10cStorem Oct 3 tfHUHMIMtiMmmnHl- $Vogue ,SI Clothes 5FORYoung GentlemenA Special Feature with us.Suits andl Overcoats: $18.00 to $20.00 5:King Quality Shoes forMen and BoysDoyle Buildingct 3 tfmmvj i)the Lamp Oil thatoaves Eyeshome it han clea r, steady light. Insurethis by Kettini: the oil that bumsclear and c.l..an without & flickerdown to the last drop, rnnsylyanlacrude oil refined to perfection.Oot no rno-e than the inferiortW nl-wea MONEY-savesW ORK arp eves.Your dealer ha SOLITE OIL in-r" vmuuu xiuiu uur worKB.h Chas. C. Stoll Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "No Carb"Auto Oil.j HalloweenI (MiessI Hiqqins SFlannananTO KEEP YOUTHand beauty to prevent wrinkles and "crow'sfeet" and deep black circles under the eyesnothing is as good asDi'FAVORITE PRESCRIPTIONPierce'sGive it a fair trial for banishing those distressing pains or,drains on one's vitality. This prescription of Dr. Pierce's regulates all the"womanly functions. It eradicates and destroys 'Female Complaints' andweaknesses that make women miserable and old before their time. Every girlneeds it before womanhood. Every mother needs it. It is an invigorating tonicfor the female system. All medicine dealers have sold itvith satisfaction, to!customers for the past 40 years. It is now obtainable in liquid or tablet format drugstores or send 50 one-cent stamps for trial box, to R.V. Pierce, BuffaloJDR. PIERCE'S PLEASANT PS2XETSregulate and invigorate stomach, liver and fcowels.jj Sugar coated, any grannies, easy zo iac as cauray.WKjmJWTiX.fflHot Facts About Fuel !If you have been a housekeeper any lengthof time you have probably tried different kindsof COAL. And after all kinds of experiences and complaints you know there is justone kind of FUEL that Rives absolute satisfaction always, that is Fox RidgeCoal. jRemember you cnnotjorder tooearly to avoid -the high priees.Dodson & DentonThe Home of Good Coal .Y ards, South Mam St.i9SSZSQteSSfttiX3gA NEW TELEPHONE DIRECTORY.telephone directory will soon be issued. iai"e newThe new list will be corrected up to November Utand hastates ; that-all .those who wish to make fT&ior to have their names placed in the new directory should coSmunicate-with him at once. . S5 !!Those jvho are contemplating installinrtdepho iTtheirhomes or offices.should act promptly in order that their namesmay appear properly m the new directory. - -Manager Floyd states that there will be a numte77f nvrnames added to the list and that the growth ? of the exchange herlis a strong indication of the progress of Paris. , 8Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated.flandsonwTwin Bios. Depanmeni SfoieCorner Seventh and Main Sfcs.Instead of Wood Shingles or51aieV &j&tPte p? VA ifevv JylikeBv gjvgi nSx&ry-mmm0 jn"eat'Wiahf nr hrN.n... f .. .1-1 .I tj I . . "edes tkey are ineieasive and" For Sale hy rlmr6 & HaWr," Millersbarii Ky..m Li-cHKHHDmm r wm k. Both Phones 1 40&mladies, Take a look IATTwin Bros. Department Stare.New Arrival ofiLadies' Stylish Fall Suits, Casts. Skiifc,x Waists, Millinery, Shoes, Etc, -Drygoods anFalliryfoeisand Silks.Call lis.CORTRIGHTMetalShingliv,The. roofmglhat lasts as long asthe building and never Reedsrepairs.They wont burn, crarlr. rnrl nr rotwood shingles, nor have thev the- -'.uwu&aa vi nunc oiaic-look better tha either.e1eBBLLeliImmsX-"S-Jf!?,.. ?$Pntt,,jS:!)afrcih,nx:. K-,t.1Mytf JC-JWS kbJ-IV, A- "Tk. . TvWP'JusIHfc BOURBON NEWS, PARIS. Pamxacr, bWHnla t3vSTnW95 'J ??.'V.gV'iS1JvSPiijjfcVper FARM LIS!cent. $w to $100,000W. KING & SON,125 Cheapsldz. Lexington, KyS CANCER CURED .I guarantee every case I un-dertake; 20 years practice; ref- Jerence, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,X Paris, Ky.TO FULL PUMHOSERS!If you are looking for aSuit or Overcoatat reasonable prices for Fall and Winter, here is the placeto get one.We made a lucky purchase of Men's Suits and Overcoats that would retail at $15, $18 and $20, but we aretoffering them as a special inducement forSS12We also have a full line of Schloss Bros.guaranteedhand-tailored Suits for $15 to $25. Emerson Shoes at $4and $5, also Stetson and Hawes Von Gal Hats.Other lines of merchandise can be had- at a price thatwill please your pockst-boolr.TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEPT.L. Wollstcin, Proprietor.8 Paris OdorlessLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will be surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you have not tried uslbefore.AH Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and LadiesPanama- and Straw Hats'Cleaned andReblockedto your satisfaction. ,We Call Forj and Deliver Work;Call up E, T. Phone 40. vParis Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam LevyProprietor.White Kid Gloves.Clearied, short, 10c; long 25c.MMMBOtMMiMaMHiL. & N. TIME-TABLEEFFECTIVE OCT. 19, 1913Trains -A.rrrveNo. FROM34 Atlanta, Ga Daily 5:21(am134 Lexington, Ky., Daily v 5 : 18 am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunda.y ,7:35 am7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ; 7 : 38 am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday :. 7:45 am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7: 42 am37 Cincinnati, O., Daily J 9 : 38 am3 Maysville, Ky., "Daily Except, Sunday ...? .....C. 10:20 am12 Lexington, Ky., Daily. . .'. .. 10 : 15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily .-.?... 10:24 am26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ( : . . . 12:00 m25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . . . ., ; . . .-. .; . . :. . . . . 3 : 10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . . . .' v. 3 : 15 pm138 Lexington, Ky., Daily , ?f 3:33 pm38 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 3:30 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily ' v:. 5:35pm39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday v. . .. . . 5: 50 pm8 Lexington, Ky., Daily .,...: .-s 6:18 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily f . 6:23 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily .". : 10: 50 pmTrains IDe-peirt 'No. . . TO34 Cincinnati, O., Daily .".... 5:28 am4 Maysville, Ky., .Daily Except Sunday t 5: 85 am7 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . , 7:47am'40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday ...v '. , 7:50 am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ,., :.. 7:50 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily . .. ..;.v,. .s. . . : 9:43 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily .:. -. '. 9:45 am33 Jacksonwille, Fla., Daily t f ?&i I . 10:29 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily ', ". r -. 10:27 am6 Maysville, Ky., Daily ! ..,.-. a? ... .... ... 12: 05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. . . s. . .". .. . . 12:04 am- ;13 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ,. . ..;;. .:... 3 : 33 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily W. f. 3:40 pm' 9 Rowland, Kyr, Daily Except Sunday ...,. V. -. . . . 5 : S6 pm39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. . . .? 5:58 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily. v. ..'.. ... ... ...:. .. .. 6:28pm ,8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . . ... 6:25pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday X ... 6:40 pm31 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10: 55 pma31 Atlanta, Ga., Daily '. 10:57pmTrainp .ArriveFROMFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday (. , 740 amFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ....'. 5: 50 pm24Trairi3:jf To - ' 3p - ;aVEraakktotrKy., Daily xtpt Sunday. . . ;A . ,fc .v;.:? ."... 8:33t PMuibfert, Ky., THnf "pt 3fcj. . , . . .- . .;;. v . ' $J2SSpecial JPWcea ForBeeHide$:UntilFurther NoticeWe pay 121-2c for greenbeef hfdes. Call uslupor bring it to our place.MAX MUNICK,8th Street, PARIS, E' Call East Tenn. Phone 3fe5goodil k f 'ACleaning Co.:IDepsirlamt reT98IS KENTUCKY IN NEEDOF THE TAX REFORM?-What Happened in '.'THE COWCOUNTIES" in Californiaand Why "THE DOG TAXCOUNTIES" in KentuckyShould Emulate Their Example VUntil a few years ago the State ofCalifornia was suffering under" thesame system of taxation which prevails in Kentucky although many efforts had been made to change it.The average citizen is opposed toinnovations as a general propositionand while the state suffered and the,burden of taxation fell heavily on thesmall property .owner, as it does inKentucky, it was hard to arouse thepeople and capitalistic classes managed to keep the old lawvin effect andwent on hiding their personal properlyand' escaping taxation, as they do iiKentucky."Why is this man working so hard?""To get more land to pay MOREtaxes."A simple careless expression in aSan Francisco newspaper caused arevolution of feeling and broughtabout the change which all Californians are now proud of.The newspaper referred to printedan article to the effect that the sameold Constitutional Amendment wouldbe voted on at the November electionand added facetiously that "the CoWCounties" would probably vote for it,and treated it as a joke.The newspaper evidently underestimated the power of "the Cow Counties" as this little-attempt at witticismmade "the Cow Counties" sit up andtake notice.The people in "the vCow Counties"commenced to ask themselves: Whyis it that farm lauds and town property" pay the bulk of taxes? Why arethe owners of stocks, bonds, notes -andother personal property able to get offscott free?Have we a uniform system of taxation in practice as well as in name?And such like questions. 'Well, the result was "the Cow Counties". in California determined to throwoff the yoke and the amendment wasoverwhelmingly carried."Why is this man working so hard?""To hide his property and pay NOtaxes."The same conditions exist inKen-tucky'to-dayand the same opportunityfor a change presents itself and it istime for "the Cow Counties" in Kentucky to show, their power and forcea fair division of taxation.By subjecting the millions of dollarsof persenal property to the paymentof taxes, farms and town, lots wouldbt relieve as ia other states with,aaifera tax' laws. la KemmsylvaHia'tkir is a staU taxVm farm laais anc- h - i-Jtown lb'ta , because 'thrfcvemie fromstocks bonds and" note is sufficient'lor the purposef v , w ;The dog tax in Kentucky producedmore Tevenue in 1912- ($127,651). thanall the taxes from bonds ($32,425),"cash in banks ($64,240), and stocks Incorporations ($14,000); total $110,665,while farm lands 'and town lots andimprovements paid $3,177,360."The Dog Tax" Counties in Kentucky are in the same fix as "the CowCounties" were in California and it ishigh time to quit barking and commence biting. A vole for the taxamendment at the November electionwill make the other fellow do somehowling, if "the Dog Tax" countieswill only do their duty and vote forthe amendment and enable the legislature to frame laws to make all classesof property pay their legitimate shareof taxation.Extract From Report of State TaxCommission."We recommend, that the proposedConstitutional Amendment should beadopted by the voters of the state."This Amendment has been carefully drawn, its provisions are clearand plain."It follows precedents which havebeen tried and proved successful inother states."It authorizes practical changes,which, in our judgment, if adopted,will increase revenue, remove restrictions now handicapping valuable enterprises, and place Kentucky upon afair plane with other states whichhave 'shown marked progress andprosperity, as a result of sane andsound revenue laws. f"It provides that,,any and all changesmade thereunder in our tax laws up to1917 must be approved by the peoplethemselves after passage by the legislature and their, approval may bemade a condition after that time, sothat the whole matter rests in thehands of the people."We consider the amendment necessary in order tq 'enahle the legislature to take the initiative in any effective revision of the revenue lawsof the state, which have been condemned by the then State Tax Commissions and criticised annually 'bythe State Equalization Board.W. "O. DAVIS, Chairman,Woodford County.ELWOOD HAMILTON, Sec'y,Franklin County. ,W. B. MOODY, . xHenry County. 'W. A. FROST,Graves County. ,L. C. OWINGS,Jefferson County.CONVICTED OF MURDER.Spintuafist Connected With SuicidePact Gets Death Penalty.F. G. Farrell, a blind Spiritualist,charged with murder in connectionwith the suicide pact that resulted inthe death of Mrs. T. J. Turner andMrs. Rosa Carter, at Glenwood, Ark.,September 16, was convicted of murder in the first degre a few days ago.During the trial J. T. Turner, thehusband, admited giving poison to thetwo women after the three had decided to die together to . end their,despondency. He also drank poisonbut recovered.Turner said Farrell had encouraged the suicide pact through the medium of seances at the Turner home.At these seances, he said, his adopted son, who died in Mexico 7 yearsago, would return and appeal tothem to join him in the life beyondthe grave.It was the contention of the statethat the motive of Farrell in bringing about the suicide pact was to secure possession of Turner's property. This, it was charged, had beendeeded to Farrell by Turner.LUKE McLUKE SAYS.The difference between a pastorand an evangelist is about $15,000 ayear.They have hammered the poor oldDemon Rum pretty hard; But no onehas as yet advanced the informationthat there are germs in alcohol.Another sure way to get in bad isto try to please everybody.Why is Temptation so beautiful andDuty so homely?It pleases a man when you guesshis "age and make it older than hereally is. But it is sure differentwith a woman.The only man who ever got thebest of an argument with his wifewas the old-fashioned low brow whoused a club.A man will make an affidavit to athing he wouldn't bet ten cents on.There are lots " of guys walkingaround asleep who never heard ofsomnambulism.Now they have located the Gardenof Eden at the South Pole. Well,at that, Eve's fig leaf was about as"warm as' some of the winter costumesworn now-a-days.(Most perfumes are offensive. Butnow and then you Tneet a woman whouses a dainty, languid sachet thatmakes you want to hug her.Any woman who has tried to discover a flat building wherein fourchildren are welcome, knows thatGolumbus was a mere piker.Some girls go around with operaglasses looking- for some outrage to4scream about., When Or man has "a chance to attend either a dog fight or a reformmeeting you will always find him atthe xiog fight."There is only a few years differencein the ages of the Good Fellow andthe Good Fellow When He Had It.Ever notice how polite a man canbe 'when he ,has a favor to ask?If she will provide for the innerman, he will usually provide for theouter woman. ,A plump girl likes" to do it, but youcan't get -a skinny gil to climb afence when there is- a man around..When She is loy sick and He issjck of love tl) poor old 'honeymoonbegins to feel week in. the knees.A irl ca!t wait to select the right'k'ttgajii, she is afraid ik'll-t;trlftI'ypKf ii much. kuMtafc afcivt.i- If -M I I L"' I mw .- f 1 1 . J 1 fMust be WatchfulFor great efforts are being made inthis vicinity to sell baking powders ofinferior class nictde from alum acidsand lime phosphates, both undesir- :k - able to those who require high-gradecream of tartar baking powder tomake clean and healthful food.The official Governmenttests have shown RoyalBaking Powder to be apure, healthful, grapecream of tartar bakingpowder, of higheststrength, and care shouldbe taken to prevent thesubstitution of anyother brand in its place.Royal Baking Powder costs only afair price per pound, and is- cheaperand better ' at its price than any -other baking powder in the world.life that we call it. Inspiration tostand around an art gallery all after-1 VV Pell yUtl j xZxZL coufusedi neinoon and absorb the curves of the j vous tire(I worried or despondent it is a 'female form divine in oils, water sure s;gn you need MOTTS NERVERINE -colorsor marble. But if we take a PILLS. They renew the normal vigorumd1 ..peek at the original model done in make life worth living. Be sure and ask feewarm flesh we call it Degeneracy -, Nefverine Pill Price $l.O&Tact is when you cover your mouth 1UIL 5 licrvcraic j. ms bydruegiatswith your hand and make the other WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., cleTeked, Obismue. ' . rTommyrot is an old nag who neverruns the same frace twice. The peo-pie who don't want young folks tose "Sfintftmhfir Morn" Avant SpvnnlKnowledge taught in the schools.Whyvnot teach them common sense?Why not fit them for married life byteaching them that it is impossiblefor two normal human "beings toagree all the time?Cfcw-- -i,vrt fnMill rtv-i" r AnHAfVAoumc gcinuo annum vjycu. a. v,uncscwherein the art of Science would be.taught. The graduates would haveno trouble securing jobs.When a man begins to think hisboss couldn't dp business withouthim is all ready to be decorated witha tin can.Marriage is bound to be a failurewhen the groom pays a dollar downand fifty cents a week for the ring hegave the bride.Living in a furnished room andeating meals out of a paper bag isone of the best ways to make theHoneymoon curl up and croak.Sometimes a woman marries to getan audience that can't get away.A Hero is a man who has nerveenough to tell the truth to his wifewhen he gets in bad.Any wufe knows that a thirty-centhusband is worth 30,000 when an au- jtomoDiie nus mm.There' is lots of better halves whowould, likke to hav e better quarters.Most women know tnat tney landed blockheads long before they celebrated their wooden weddings.A man never wants to tresspass until he sees the "No Trespassing"sign. That's why married womenare so interesting. , ', If a man could know as much aboutany one thing as a woman knowsabout dress, he could corner the market in a day. lFOREST NOTES.'Siam export about one million dollars worth of teak a yearVTe Autumobile Club of America,through its bureau of tours is urging automobilists to use care withfire in timbered regions.se-Oils distilled from the -needles ofspruce and fir trees are being usedto scent petroleum floor oils which,are" some times 6bjectionable on account of- their dor.-The governor of Iowa has set, asidea fire-prevention day, during that allcitizens discuss conditions and createa sentiment" agaist forest fires andother conflagrations..The average area administered bya ranger on the federal forests of v theUnited States is about 100,000 acres!In Germany, ''the area administeredby a man of equivalent rank is about700 acres.The Republic of Colombia is said tohave excellent regulations for its national .forests. Lumbermen whotake i cedar and. naahogamjr ar reqiirl t plamt yeums tre C,tltkm 4pei';i& the eut-R55TT7 C rKoA,.L. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris. Ky.i,...KJL Pf pf TnTfc7Vf. L VClll. lllLCiCaiPaid On TimeDepositsj , . ,lOUr UCpOSltS AfC GuaranteedYOU TAKE NOsRISISif You ArejnterestedWrite UUNION STATE BANKMuskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000Fully PaidMBarberlopWindsor Hotel;Modern Equipment. IPolite" Servicer19Everything Sanitary. vChildren's Work a Specialty. ,fCARL CRAWFORDCurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shcpf Vj (Next to Bourbwi Banky.f"', "i - CHAIRS HExpert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at ATHours. ' No Long' Waits.' ?A. Share of, the . R& ft.ronaf e 5ohcl . jgr a.-..Sf'- - -. r8. M M't -,.cI-' fl" ', " ,. ,tf L t &l filtIv fk fVr.IE?ESTr'r3 rsrjM "I1 " - J 1 i ' 'llll"-. '2SilverwareAside from its intrinsic value- to-day ourSilverware has the distinction of representing the perfection of the Silversmith's Art' at this period ofcimerican history.For this lreasonrit will be appreciated byl' future generations even more so than are theheirlooms of the past valued to-day.-The practical use of Silver and its perma-nence makes it an appropriate and lasting gift forever appreciated.Our Silverware. display is one of the specialfeatures of this store and one of special interest tothose who seek exclusive patterns at moderate prices."The tlome'', For Jewelry"Shire (3&;Fithian,PARIS, KENTUCKYWETOU4? fr &k - 1. . ,1 I , , rjSTlrHi"!h ft h 11 tirik, "VVheneyer you are thinking money or bank, think OURBANK. Our business is MONEY; YOUR MONEY isBUSINESS. f "We welcome anyone in our bank and alwayskave time to listen and advise. If you need a bank consultW? '.MR. What "wrmlrl vnn Hn withnnf-. a nrnorrpcioivp- hanlr in imnrmmunity? Your first duty to yourself is to hare MONEYx IN JHE BANK. It is a faithful friend.. V-Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.PPOSIT BANK OF PARISCapital, $i00,000.00.3. M. HALL, President:Strayed,f.Strayed to ray place on Houston &jAakca;pike, & sow. Owner can have" m by proving pronerjy ana payingi awti-gee.vJULIAN FRANK.For Sale.& of brass andirons, colonialrVa. SofflT kom 34.tl&F&&'Wm -'-Vu "' v ' ' mIof Quality"WILL WELCOMEIN OUR BANKSurplus; $40,000.00. -C. K. THOMAS. Cashier-. -r-INDICTED FOR THtfR PART 5IN RECENT PRIMARY.! j 1 , " i,r-,.J rj-ue g rami jury qz ivxaaison countymade its final report and adjournedat Richmond. x The' time was mostlyoccupied in making investigationsof the recent primary election. Theyreturned twelve indictments againstmen charged with using money in theelection. Each of-those indicted waseither a. member of the immediatefamily or a close relative of some ofthe candidates. Those indicted wereChas. Benton, Ffed Devore, JohnJones, Chas. Dudley, Collins Yates,Schuyler Taylor, A. L. Lakes, T. B.Collins, Jas. Potts, John Wagers andM. H. Wells. TI !Am'g wHypmr UUitfg'iWiWpaiggg.THE BOUBON NEWl5555sasssfilaseThe BourboriNews7Established 188132 Yars oftinouous Publication.Con-SWIFT CHAMP, Editor and Owner.PRESIDENT WILSON ISSUES"THANKS" PROGRAM ATK)NtPresident: Wilson has designatedThursday, November -27, as Thanksgiving Day, and has issued the following his first Thanksgiving proclamation: ' V."The season is at hand in which ithas been our long-respected customas a people to "turn, in praise andthanksgiving to Almighty God, for hismanifold mercies and blessings to usas a nation. The year that has justpassed has been marked in a peculiardegreeby manifestation of His gracious and benificent providence.vve utivt: nut vuiy na,u peacethroughout our own borders and withthe nations of the world, but thatpeace has brightened by constantlymultiplying evidences of genuinefriendship, of mutual sympathy andunderstanding, and of the happy operation of many elevating influences ofboth of ideal and practice."The Nation has been prosperousnot only, but has proved its capacityfto take calm counsel amidst the rapidmevement of affairs and deal with itsown life in spirit of candor, righteousness and comity."We have seen the practical completion ot the great work at the Isthmus of Panahm which not only illustrates the Nation's abundant resources to accomplish what it will and thedistinguished skill and ' capacity , ofits public servants, but also promisesthe beginning of a new age, of newcontacts, new neighbors, new sympathies, new bonds-, and new achievements of co-operation and peace.""Righteousness exalteth a nation,"and 'Peace on earth, good will towardmen" furnisii the, only foundationsupoh which can be built the lastingachievements of the human spirit.The year has brought us the satisfactions of work well done and freshvisions of our duty which will makethe work of the future better still."Now, therefore, I, Woodrow Wilson, President of the United Statesof America, do hereby designateThursday, the 27th of November next,as a day of Thanksgiving and prayer,and invite the people throughout theland to cease from their wonted occupations and in their several homesand places of worship, render thanksto Almighty God."In .witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and the Seal ofthe United States of America, be affixed. "Done at the City or Washingtonthis 23d day of October, in' the yearof our Lord, one thousand nine hundred and' eighteen, and of the IndVpendance of the United States ofAmerica, the-oe hundred and thirtyeight. ,(Signed) "WOODROW WILSON"By the President: " .W. J. 'BRYAN, Secretary of State.(Seal)"INDIGESTION ENDED.STOMACH FEELS FINE"Pape's Diapepsl"" Fixes Sour, 4GassyUpset Stomachs in Five Minutes.Sour, gassy, upset stomach, indigestion, heartburn, dyspepsia; whenthe food you eat ferments into gasesand stubborn lumps; your head achesand you feel sick and miserable that's,when you realhze the magic in- Pape'sDiapepsin. It makes all "stomach misery varnish in five minutes.If your stomach is in continual revolt if you can't get it regulated,please, for your sake, try Pape's Diapepsin. It's so needless tot have abad stomach make your next meal afavorite food meal, then take a littlePape's Diapepsin. There will not beany distress eat without fear. It'sbecause Pape's Diapepsin really doesregulate weak, out-of-order stomachsthat gives it its million of sales annu-ally-Get a large fifty-cent case of Pape'sDiapepsin from any drug store. It isquickest, surest stomach relief andcure known. It acts almost, likemagic it is a scientific,' harmless andpleasant stomach preparation whichtruly belongs in ever home.(apb)IVlJost wives believe they could usetheir husbands for nutmeg graters andget good results.A woman gets so mtich exercisejumping at conclusions that a manwonders' how she ever gets so fat.SOLD INTO SLAVERY.Daughter. Charges " ParentsSerious Offense.WithjMitchell Stevens, twenty-one-year-Joia leader or a tribe of gypsies camping at West Overbrook, Pa., and hisfourteen-year-old bride, . Elizabeth,were released from custody followinga hearing, and the young bride's parnets, Jno. Mitchell and wife, who livenear Indianapolis and who caused thecouple's arrest after an eight months'search for them, were arrested instead. The 'child wife jf the gypsy chief,afttfr proving that she -was legallymarried to mm, charged her parentswith havihgvsold'jev'ery one of herfsifrters into slavery and having attempt-led to do. likewise -"Srith her. Theywere.lock'ed up for a hearing.Mrs, Stevens;said"I)iana, her oldestsfsterwas sold to a gypsy in Indianapolis for $950. Another sister Maggie, was sold to a gypsy na.med Lazarus Stanley for $750, and Lucy, another older 'sister; was sold to BudStanley for $1,0Q0, she declared. Theformer twof she said, were stolen bytheir parents from their husbandswho were made to buy them a sceondtime.Arrangements had' been made tosell her for $1,100, she said", but whilenegotiations were pending' she ranaway with Mitchell Stevens and wasmarried to him.' at Cumberland Mdk,by a -priest. "" ' ,.t$0CflHIGH MEAT BILLS.exBUtchen Tells Way in .Whidh to, put' t Them Down.rIn the' Woman's Home Companionaretaif butcher writes an article entitles, "Reducing' the Meat Bill," mwhich he shows how people who buythe high-priced 'meat don't get thebest meat. He says that some of thecheapest meats, are the best. Hetakes an itemized weekly 'meat billof $4.63 and shows, item by item,how the bill can be reduced to $3.21just by using cheaper cuts which hesays are better cuts. After dealingwith the various kinds of steaks, inwhich, by the way, he tells about thesteak that the butcher eats himself,he goes on as follows about roastsand chops."A roast of beef costing a dollaror dollar and a half at. the presenttime is not much; a hungry and"healthy family will probably finfshit in one meal. You can readily eatit in one meal. You can still enjoygood roast beef, and surely for lessmoney, only buy the right cut. Frompast observation the, writer has-foundthat nine out of ten customers ask forthefirst cut of the rib roast. Ofcourse, they are the most expensivecuts. The fifth, sixth and shoulderribs are hardly in demand, and 'thebutcher has a hard time selling them.These end jibs or shoulder ribs ofi roast beef are nofi only considerablycheaper to buy but are richer in foodvalue and nourishment. When buying one of the three or four ribs ofbeef, say, for instance, weighing fivepounds, "you will find that you havehardly sufficient imeat left after it iscarefully trimmed and the bone takenout." The difference in price betweenKhe first cut on 'the rib and the lasttwo cuts is at least six cents per.Round ; ana wnen you ask tor a shoulder rib roast,, ask the butcher to insert a piece of suet in ttie center ofthe roast, or, if he' has time, to lard itwith thin pieces of fat. Another goodpiece of meat for roast beef is thetop sirloin, which is not so cheap, hutis recommended "because it has nowaste."The next important item on, themeat bill is chops, either lamb, porkor veal chops. Lamb chops, however,are the kind mostly demanded, and ofTHROW OUT THE LINE.IGive the Kidneys-Help and ManyParis People Will Be Happier."Throw Out the Life Line"Weak kidneys need help.They're often overworked don'rget the poison filtered out of theblood.Will you help them? -Doan's Kidney Pills have broughtbenefit to thousands of kidney sufferers.Read this Lexington case: a. .p. M. Farley, merchant, 474 ChairAve., Lexington, Ky., says: "I had dulldragging pains in my back. The action of my kidneys was irregular, especially at night. Finally I ,usedDoan's Kidney Pills, and before longthey put a stop to all those troubles.My kidneys became normal and allthe pains and aches left. The endorsement I gave Doan's KidneyPills in January, 1913, still holds good.I can only repeat that -they are a finekidney medicine."For sale yby all dealers. Price 50'cents. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo,New York, sola agents for the UnitedHStates.Remember the name Doan's -.andlake no other. ' (adv)course thedemand is for loin and ribchops, the most exppensive. There isthe same solution as , with steaksbuy shoulder chops, they cost lessand are sweeter. This same principle again applies to pork chops. Theshoulder chops are very sweet andtender, and the butcher will sell themfor less; but very few people knowabout them.".fc'ound!On the corner of Duncan avenueand Pleasant street, a bunch of keys.The owner can get them at this officeby proving property andpaying thecharges.Public SaleOF-Milk Cows,Dairy Outfit, Etc.i .On Tuesday, Nov. 4,1913, beginning ac i(fa. irf,At my place in East Paris, I willse.ll to the highest and best bidderall of my dairy 'stock and outfit, consisting of the following:50 Jersey milch cows; some fresh;20 N heifers ;2 No. 1 grade Jersey bulls; one purebred; pedigree furnished on day ofsale. v ,1 good work horse,; -.j j.i gooa worK.muie?:-r'r-c1 good brood 'mafel&foal'. toVjack;;1 suckling mare muie; x'zf ' '1 good 6-yr old drivirtg horse, safefor ladies;1 pair whit ponies; about 14"han"ds"high; "6 meat hogs;2 TJuroc sows, & pigs each;2bod'brood sows;1 nair double harness;1 cut-under milk wagon;1 run-a-bout;i1 complete dairy outfit; -Farming implements, of all kindswill be offered. ' 11 good, feed slide, good as new.TERMS $25 and under cash, overthat amount negotiable-note 4 monthswith 6 per cent interest.s " WM. FARIS, ,.Geo." D.'Speakes, Auct. ' Paris, Ky. -V'-'gw-iiji' "vUn&l a short time ago, scarcelyone person in a thousand hadever tasted a really good sodacracker as it came fresh an9.crisp from -the oven.Now everybody can kngsr andenjoy the crisp goodness offresh baked soda crackers without going to the baker's oven.Uneeda Biscuit bring the bakery to you. .A food to live on. Stamina for workers. Strength for-the delicate. Givethem to the little folks. Five cents.NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANYWtfRN-OUT,NERVOUS,TIRED AND DEPRESSED.Tona Vita Builds Up Mind and BodyIn a Few Weeks.Are you tired all the time? Are youweak, nervous and depressed? Isyour ambition gone and your minddull?Do you know what x to" do? Gostraight to your druggist and get abottle of Tona Vita, the NationalTonic. Physicians are recommendingit everywhere. It is building up rundown people by the thousands in allparts of the country.After-you have taken Tona Vita oneweek, weigh yourself, then you willknow why it is recognized as the besttonic and flesh builder ever sold tothe public.You can get Tona Vita at Chas. E.Butler & Co.'s drug store.(adv)His Highness the Maharaja of Mysore has an American organ in hispalace said to have cost about 25,000. kcause we know a knock couldn't hurthim.1 11 Wile IFormerly Kaiifman, Straus Sc Co.Lexington, Ky"No4n AutumnOpportunity&"iWomen's and Misses'Fancy TailoredSuitsAnd Some. ' Fromctofrer 17 to 'October 31,' InclusiveAti$25.00t-fc &&& ' ;" ??. I JTS ' ''&'; ".3Hte-C"t"-i. "!? i. .i . - vvw?:x- jr,.-.W0LF,1ILE11.Lexington, Ky.VIVJOHNS HOPKINS MEDICALSCHOOL- GETS $1,500,000-One million, five hundred thousand!dollars to Johns Hopkins MedicatSchool, Baltimore; $200,000 to Barnard College, New York City;000 to Wellesley College, WellesMass.: $50,000 to Ripon College,pon, VJs., atotal of $1,950,000, these-were the donations announced Friday night by the General EducationBoard founded nine years ago by Jno?D. Rockefeller. vThe big gift to Johns Hopkins Metrical School, made with the sole condition that the income to beu sed copermit the staff of professors to de- Avotextheir entire time to their studies-and classes, is the first donationever made by the -Board to a medical"school and the largest single donation the Board has ever made to anyinstitution of learning. In honor orthe emine.rtfc pathologist whose worlc.has log been identified with Johns-'Hopkins it is to be called the WillEpt"Welch endowment for clinical education andresearch.There are lost of things that woimatch girl's complexion, but jelJelry always does.HMfmttfMflfHMtfrniso.Plainer EffectsWomen's and Misses''Silk DressesWoolen DressesChiffonParty DressesVAt$15f00rsnVft"si!iJ JLJ-wS-;Jr?'fALJLc1T&k?'v v&A JJrt. r ' ."'yb'. t jt 4"- j. A 'Xafca.. -r , HvSS- v.' 'y-,4L.fe -J3AJs - JS.'-iti :WVA-'THE! BOURBON NWS PARIS, KY., OCTOBER 28, 1911-jRKlkfhVHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADETAX NOTICE.J --j . wo. ,,ao LUC Uttt3lA ten per cent, pen-j of friends m Winchester last week.altV Will be added tO Ir- Pressley Botts, of Newport,l I 2l fU nof naidwas,a SUest of Paris'friends Sunday.,all city taxes nocpaia Mrs w R McCo of B jfeon or before October lm, n. w., is the guest of Mrs w t31. The tax accountsare now ready.C. K. THOMAS,(td) City Collector,SEE TOM GEORGEIf you want to save money buy yourrocerv supplies fromTOM GEORGE.(It) On Broadway."FALSE FIRE ALARM CALLSDEPARTMENT TO SOUTH MAINAn alarm of fire from box 34 aboutS:30 o'clock Sunday night called theire department to South Main streeteut uo fire could be located in that Yieinity. CATHOLIC LADIES TO GIVEHALLOWE'EN ENTERTAINMENTThe Catholic "Women's League willgire aHallowe'en entertainment Friday 'evening in the club rooms in therer.r of the' church. The hours willbe from 7 to 10, and an admission of1 Jy invited. 'fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.MONSGN CAN SUPPLYYOUR NEEDS.Go to Charles Monson. for your winter wear clothing, shoes, and everything you need. Get his prices.t)EPISCOPAL LADIES TOHAVE COURT DAYDINNERThe ladies of the Episcopal churchM011 serve a court day dinner -in theasement of the court house on Monday, Nov. 3. They will have all thetjood things the market affords. Thelaaies-have been serving a court daydinner for some time past, and. theirefforts have been very pleasing to alarge number who t&ok advantage ofthe opportunity to secure a good meal.REVIVAL SERVICES AT BAPTISTCHURCH' IN PROGRESS.!The revival services at the ParisBaptist church began on Sunday evening under very favorable circumstances, the pastor, Dr. O. R. Mangum, taking as his text the subject,"The Danger of Being Cast Away."The services commence at 7:30 p. m.,each evening.- The following is a listof his subjects during this" week:Tuesd y night, "The Consciousness ofSin;" Wednesday night, "The Growing Nature of Sin;" Thursday night,'rPl- -XXTnlf of 1The 'Wolf at the Door;" Friday.night,, "Wage Earners;" Saturday ;night, "The Law of Sin; "Sunday jmornign,, "The Tragedy on MountCalvary; "Sunday night, "The s Igno-ranee of Sin;" Monday night, "Open-ing the Gates of Paradise to a Peni-tent Thief." jFQR HALLOWE'EN.Pumpkins, all sizes and prices, for.Hallowe'en..(It) C. P. COOK & CO.BEST ON THE MARKET.Natural gas is -here. We have theWilson Heater and Favorite Ranges.They are the best on the market. Letus show them to you.(24-4t) LOWRY & TALBOTT.JEGROES HELD FOR BURGLARIZING C. N. MARTIN'S STORE.George Wilson and Henry Hawkinsnegroes, "sere tried before 'Squire L.J. Fretwell, Saturday, on a charge ofburglarizing the general store of Mr.C. -N. Martin, near Stony Point, thiscounty and were held to the grandjvpy in sum of $130 bond in defaultof which they were committed tojail.Wilson, who was arrested a fewdays ago by Patrolman Fred Link,confessed before his trial pf being implicated in the robbery and the arrestof Hawkins, who was also arrested byPatrolman Link, on suspicion of being connected with the crime.The arrest of Hawkins was madeFriday at the corner of Main andEishth streets. He was wearing anew pair of shoes, and the arrestingofficer, being acquainted with his habits, and knowing him to do little or nowork, took a chance on his arrest.'When Wilson learned of the arrest of1iis o.nmnanion. he made a cleanbreast of the whole affair, and told ofHawkins being connected with theburglary.The shoes worn by Hawkins wereidentified by Mr. Martin and Wilsontold where a portion of the goods ta-3tn from the store could be found.Tn company with Mr. Martin Patrolman Link Vent to the home .of John"" 'Coates, in Claysville, where tneyfound another pair of shoes conceal-ed in a chimney, also a watch and aknife. At tha home o Hawkins' theyv v vfound under the floor a pair of over-v "alls and a large quantity of cannedoods which bore the cost mrks usedy Mr. Martin.THEY SAVE FUEL. -Your coal goes a -long wayVhenburned in ColeNs Hot Blast Heaters.They are fuel savers.E. M. WHEELER., '-ASK FOR THE'WILSON.It is not necessary to go to otherf towns to buy Wilson heaters, we aregentcfor tlie Wilson line and wewLrt ,prics a cheap -as anyone.(24r4tT . LUWItl C-ULJJW.1,SOOiAL AND PERSONAL.XAttorney P. A. Thompson is inDayton, 0., on business. ' .Miss' Mary Fithian Hnf.nhp.rnff i' m?s "tX 'S,,'"- ....raiDott.Mrs. Davis. Weeks returned Sim-day from an extended visit to relatives in Texas. .Mrs. Sarah D. Ferguson has coneto Winchester to visit her daughter,'iurs. j. j JiiCton. ,Attorney Ray Mann, of Louisville, is here on a visit to his mother,Mrs. Kate Mann.Mr. R. R. Myall, of Liberty, Mo.,arriyed Saturday for a visit with relatives in this city.Mrs. .Jos. Baum, of - Chickasah,Okla., is here for a visit to her father, Mr. H. Margolen.-Mr. A. C. Karrick, of Cyrithiana,spent Sunday with his daughter, Mrs.Jesse French, in this city.Mrs. James Gilmore. of Anderson, Indiana, is a guest of relatives in'tins uity aiiu in MiuersDurg. sMr. W. E. Stekes was the guestof Mr. and Mrs. Harry Clay, at theirhome on Duncan avenue, Sunday.Dr. Bruce Anderson was calledto New York a few days ago by theillness of his brother, Dr. Jack Anderson. ,. Mrs. Logan Bryan, .of North Mid-dletown, has gone to Georgetown, tavisit her parents, Dr. and Mrs. A. B.Coons.Mr. and Mrs. L. I. Smith anddaughter will arrive tomorrow fromEensacola, Fla., for a visit to Mr. andMrs. F. P. Kiser.Prof, and Mrs. Robert Hinton, ofGeorgetown, were guests Sunday ofthe former's parents, Mr. and Mrs.William H. Hinton, on South MainStreetMrs. Richard Young has returnedto her home in Messina, New York,after a protracted visit with BourbonCounty friends.The ladies of the Presbyterianchurch wall have an all-day sewingat the church Tuesday. A full attendance is expected.Mr. and Mrs. Swift Champ, Mrs.P. H. Lane, of Philadelphia, and Mr.and Mrs. James H. . Thompson, were 1guests of friends in Danville Sunday.Mrs. Nathan Bayless, Sr., is confined to the W. W. Massie Hospital,where' she underwent a minor operation a few days ago, and from whichshe is now improving rapidly.Mrs. Edward F. Pritchard entertained with" a delightful luncheon ather attractive home on East Eighthstreet Saturday afternoon in honor ofhec guest, Miss Selena Sommerville,,of New York.Among those from Paris who attended the Charity Ball at the Phoenix Hotel, Lexington, last nightwere: Misses Mary Fithian Hutch-craft, Elizabeth Steele, CarolineLRoseberry and Mr. Charlton Clay.Mrs. Geo. w. Dennis,. or El Paso,Texas, is here for a visit to her sis-ter-irtlaw,Mrs. C. L. Steenbergen, onVine street. Mrs. Steenbergen entertained in her honor with an informal luacheon-bridee Tridav afteroon.Anions: those from this citv whoattended the performance of "TheChildren -of Today" at the Ben AliTheatre in Lexington, last night wereMr. and Mrs. Roy Clendenin, Mrs. C.i Steenbergen and her guest, Mrs.Geo. W. Dennis, Mr. and Mrs. SwiftChamp, and Mrs. P. H. Lane.-Miss Lena Grafton, who has beenannounced to address the members ofthe Young Ladies' Mission Circle ofthe Christian church, Wednesday afternoon, will arrive today, and the address will be given this afternoon instead of on the afternoon previouslyannounced. The women of the churchare invited to hear the address of MissGrafton, who is the -National 'Superintendent of this department of Missionary work.Friday will be Hallowe'en andmany small t parties and celebrationswill be given, fortunes told and thespirits invoked for blessings and happiness. The small boys have already made ready for marches andtorch light processions en masque andpumpkins are in great demand. Allthes hops are filled with Hallowe'neemblems and they have never been socomplete and satisfying to the loversof traditions as at this progressivetime.The Six-Hand Euchre Club washandsomely -entertained Saturday afternoon by Mrs. W." L.'Yerkes, at herhome on Main street. The guestswere invited for 1 okjlock, and uponarrival a tempting luncheon wasserved in the 4hiing room from a .table beautiful in all its appointments, jThe centerpiece was a large bowl of ,white cosmos surrounded with green.Covers were laid for twelve' and afterluncheon six-hand euchre was enjoyedat two tables'.. Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraftentertained with a pretty tea, Thursday afternoon, 4n compliment to MissSelea Sommersville, of fNew York,who is the attractive guest of Mrs.Edward Pritchard.In the dining room where the teawas. served, the table was coveredwith an elegant lace cloth over red,and red dahlias and candles shadedwith, red were used, with red effect.Mrs.Amos Turney, and Miss Mary 9poured tea, which was served witnmarguerites, sandwiches and hermits, iThehostesffwas also assisted by MissJoephine Fithian, who met the guestsat the door.Miss Sommerville, whohas just returned from a trip abroad,was in college at Wellesley with Mrs.Prichard and Miss Hutchcraft and thetea weregiven in h.6nor that theirfriends might become acquained with.the jcharmlng -Yisitpc The hours.were ..rrom 'three ta fixeJ,cIock. 4v Thefreeeption given byi the members -of nlife Paris Baptist Church in'honor of Dr. and Mrs.' O. R. Mangumon last Friday evening in the parlorsof the church was largely attendedand was a delightful affair socially.The cnurch was" splendidly decoratedwith cut flowers and potted plants,and during- the evening therganistof tjie church rendered several selections, while a , vocal "program nfadethe evening most. eajoyafelV. .Thepastor and officers of" every -denominationin the city were invited andattended, with their wives; and acquaintanceships were formed thatshould be lasting.The pastor,' Dr. O. R. Mangum, whonas out recently been called by thtehurch has certainly inaugurated him -selfnot only into the good will andnign esteem of his own parishonersbut the general public as well. Dr.Mangum's sermons are clear cut- andconcise, showing evidence he' is aBiblical student and worthy of theconfidence the church and the community accord him.Those in the receiving line wereDr. Manvum and his wife, Dr. andMrs. D. S. 'Henry, Mr. and Mrs.' Walter Clark, Mr. and Mrs. W. O! Hinton, who very graciously assisted Jnthe entertainment of" those present.' "A WONDERFUL REMEDY.We have a remedy that is guaranteed to restore hair to its natural color after a three-weeks' trials If satisfaction is not given your money willbe refunded. This remedy is of thepure food product and is absolutelyharmless. A trial will convince you.(28-2t) MRS. M. A. PA9TON.YOU WILL BE PLEASED. -.,. Get snoe satisfaction by trading at:l) FELD'S.GROCERYMAN EXCHANGE SHOTSWITH 3 NEGRO BURGLARS.After being surrounded in the storeof Frank Skillman on West Secondstreet Saturday morning about threeo'clock, three negro burglars ma'detheir escape when they discovered thepresence t)f several heavily armedmen, and gave battle as they retreated to the negro suburb of Ruckerville. A number of shots were fired, but none took effect.The negroes were found in thestore helping themselves to provisionsof every kind which was being loadedinto sacks. This is tne second timewithin two weeks the store has beenburglarized and when the theft of ularge quantity of provisions wasnoticed several nights ago Mr. Skillman installed an electric burglaralarm which led from the grocery tothe Skillman home some distanceaway.About three o'clock Saturday morning Mr. Skillman was aroused by thealarm and with Mr. Charles Skillmanventured to the grocery to determinethe cause of the alarm. They observed the three negroes in the building and in the hope of cutting offescape one went to the rear doorwhile another, armed with' -a shotgunstood at the front.' In the meantime, Mrs. Skillmanhad telephoned to the police from herhome, and only through 'a mistake ofthe telephone operator the burglarswould have been captured. The operator mistook the message and instead of sending the police to thescene of the burglary, told thatFranks store was being burglarized.This attracted the police nd a number of citizens to the "store of Frank& Co., on Main street, where therewas no evidence of anyone havingentered the place.As soon as the negroes in theSkillman grocery . found they hadbeen discovered they made an attempt to escape from the buildingleaving behind them in their flighttjie goods which they had secured.They were commanded to stop, butinstead of doing so one of the number drew a revolver and fired severalshots in the direction of Mr. FrankSkillman. wno returned the fire witha shot gun. About a dozen shotswere exchanged and in the confusionthat followed the negroes made theirescape.WATCH 'EM.The window tells you $30 KitchenCabinet now $13 $28 Cabinet $11$1.00 off price every, day. See window. J. T.HINTON.TO NATURAL GAS USERS.We are local agents for the Favoritenatural gas heaters and ranges. Theyare the best on the market, and theprices less than inferior goods.(24-4t) LOWRY & TALBOTT.EXCHANGEYour old stove in on Gas Range andHeater.(26-tf) A. F. WHEELER & CO.I MiaulChocolateMara&chin,'VanillaCaramel.For Saturday.BaldwinBros.,j Paris, KentuckyjHubig's Pies.I Country Club Cakes,LAFFCRTY ADDRESSESLOCAL CHARTER D. A. R.Mr$. W. T. Lafferty, of Lexington,was the guest of. the Jemima JohnsonChapter, D. k. R., Saturday aftsrnoon, at Elks'" Hall. Mrs. Rohert Ta-1 ott, regent, presided, and after theopening exercises introduced Mrs. Laf-iprty to the audience,and slie read avery entertaining and instructive paper relating to the early settlement ofKentucky, introducing- me story olRuddles and Mastin's forts, when thesettlers endured many hardships andwhere' a massacre occurred in June,1780. Mrs. LailCert is much admired1i,i Paiis, and ner paper was deligitful in every respect.After Mrs. Lalferty's address Xvlr.A. L. Boatrighi, choir director at-theChristian churcn, sang "Then ,You'JlRoraember Me,' to -piano accompaniment by Miss Clara Belle O'Neill', andas an encore he sang ''The SuwaneoHiver. Both selections were greatlyenjoyed by the members ofc-the Chapter and the inv.ted guests. After theprogram delicious frappe and teaosikeb were served. Mrs. Talbott v. asassisted by her daughters, Mrs. WadeYViii'Jey and Mrs "Virgil Gaitskill.GAS RANGES. 'Just received, a carload ofNew Process Gas Raneesat A. F. Wheeler .FurnitureCompany, opposite Courthouse, tfMarketHouse,gili 'and Main Sts.INo Credit-No DeliveryNo PhonesPay. Cash, Carry Your MeatHome and Save theDifference. -A Few of Our Specials:Sliced Break-fast Eacon, lb. .25clioiled Ham, lb 30cFresh Pork 'Sausage, lb 18cFresh Beef Brains, set "13cOysters, quatt 35cPure Hog Lard, 3-lb bucket 45cPure Hog Lard, 5-lb Lucket75cPure Hog Lard, 10-poundbucket $1.50The only place in town that)ou can get a Young PigRoast.M. J; Heller& Co.9&X0$fr44rifMRS.J.T.HIlfti0NThat You Use a Vacuums4.lytr i&,vrr4-5J. T, HIM TOM-Whjr4 IVJsarf-fcI ' - m -INew. Fall Goods fmNow Ready For Your 1Inspection -.'. . .'. vAfter a three-weeks' search of the New 'York andg Eastern markets, we arein a position tck show you theg largest and best selected stock ever shown by us.See the beautiful new ideas in vg Silks, Dies Goods,' Ckallies, Velvets, Cor6asduroys, Dress Trinynings and Iaces,Neckwear and many ''novel accesssories to make your Falloutfit complete. -Ask to see our non-shrinkable flannels for waists,shirts, &c. pWe are agents for the following good lines Henderson BlCorsets, DeBevoise Brassieres, Wavne Knit Hosierv and AJSskay Kid Gloves. - g2 W, Ed Tucker, i.11IC UllCMBTHE BABY DOLL SHOE,in Patent, Colt9 Cloth Top.Also"; the English Walking Shoe in'Tanx and Gun Metal.We Have The Season's NewestGeo. Mc Williams,12Phones 301YOUR HEALTHYour family's Health-' . DEMANDS --Don't just stir up the DUST and GERMS. Remove themfrom the home. Not only do this, but cut your work in"half. When you buy a cleaner buy a DUNTLEY Itjust as easy to buy the best! ,If you want ainr -ELECTRIClet us4Ldemonstrate theDuplex!SJjySY.OU MONEYUndertakingcJCHMUUI11The Shoe ManCleanerytiAmbulance.:hsmmVtisiij.'r;1113.,y4?v-s.tra&v -A."as!t, -,w -- H- BftfV9V t in i.i, ii .,!.THE .BOURBON NEWSr PARIS, ' KENTUCKY OCTOBER 28. 1913.-, -v. ' "V"V J.i xMlrj?..Fvffrl71 -L-CHomeMade CandiesNOW ON ON SALEy1,.l-Jr.",Assorted ' Chocolates, Bon-bons and All Chocolate, Put Up inBoxes of 1, 2, 3 and 5 PoundsHundreds of pounds of this famous Candy will be shipped to our customers all over the country. TODAY.Why net mail a box to your mother, brother, sister or sweetheart?Phone Us Your Order We Will Do the Rest. "For Sale By Glarks & Co. and W. T. Brooks on Sundays,E2Hi5KESSLER HEADS DISTILLERS.New Yorker Elected President of Securities Corporation.Kffil 'm lMyAik Jrn- "vV l ' k lira' , 7vJnuIiT77'NrnlM nEHGO Vpt v 1 Efv ELASTIC"1 ' H 1 mill47To other corset has done somuch to give slender lines toStout andMedium FiguresNo other corset has successfullydevoted itself exclusively to thereducing of excess flesh. Noother corset has thefundamentalRengo Beltidea of tailoring ourown originalinventionwhich hasmade thisthe leadingReducingcorset of theworld. Noother corsethas ever, ina period of afew seasons, achieved afraction of the RengoBelt country-wide andwonderful success.Today this corset stands asthe first and only garmentmade exclusively for stoutand medium women, thathas great strength, unequalled reducing capacity,and will give an erect,graceful carriage with perfect comfort to the wearer.P rices. $2 $3 and $5Model Illustrated $2.At the annual meeting of the Distillers' Securities Corporation held inNew York recently, Julius Kesslerwas ejected a director in place of L.L. Gillispie, whose term expired. Mr.Kessler, who is the head of JuliusKessler & Co., the largest distributorof Kentucky whisky in the UnitedStates, was elected President of thecorporation.Mr. Kessler has refused to acceptany salary until a year or more of hisregime has passed, when, if the board Jdesires to vote him compensation, hewill consider the matter. He intendsto institute a number of economies inboth operating and administeringcosts and expects the managementto stand by him until dividends canbe resumed. vThe corporation has been endeavoring to secure Mr. Kessler's servicefor about six years as a result ofsuccess in liquidating the large stockof unsold whisky which it had onhand in 1907, when the company owedabout $15,000,000.Mr. Kessler was also elected a Director of the Distilling Company ofAmerica in place of H. J. M. Cardoza,whose term expired, and also of theKentucky Distillers and WarehouseCompany, a subsidiary concern.FLED FROM RUSSIA.Sister-inLaw of Beiliss Say She WasHaunted by Agents.Mrs. Rachel Reuben, sister-in-la'wof Mendel Beiliss, chief figure in the"Ritual murder" trial, is residing inPhiladelphia, Pa., with her three babies, and declares that she is afraidof her life, believing that 'agents ofthe Czar of Russia are continually'spying upon her and awaiting theirchance to kill her."They have been so merciless to usall who are Beillss's relatives," shesaid. "They have trumped up everyconceivable , charge against us tostamp us out. They hounded me until I was forced to take my little onesand steal out of Russia."Mendel Beiliss has been in jailfor two years, and during that timehe has not been allowed to speak toany one. But it is not alone Mendelthat has suffered. Every one of hisrelatives and friends has been subjected to persecution."The -only -evidence' they haveagainst Mm te that some personstsrore they heard him say that Matzas (unleave'ned beard) in order toconform witli the Jewish ritual, mustcontain iuman blood."CHRONIC DYSPEPSlAvFor $ale by FRANK & CO.The following unsolicited testimonial should certainly be sufficient togive hpe and courage to persons afflicted .with chronic dyspepsia: "Ihave been a chronicm dyspeptic foryears, aad of all the medicine T have jtaken, Chamiberlain's Tablets Jiavedone me Mrc good than anythingelse." says W. G. Mattispn, No. 7Sherman aret, Hormellsrill, N. Y.Fr,sale brall dealtr.(air)359 People Every Dayin the Unite J 8 tales an J the surprising truth L that most cases arepreventable with timely, intelligenttreatment.These appalling facts should warnus that after sickness, colds, overwork or any other drains uponstrength, Scott's Emulsion shouldbe promptly and regularly used because tubercular germs thrive onlyin a weakened system.The tested and proven value ofScott's Kmulsioii is recognized bythe greatest specialists because itsmedical nourishment assimilatesquickly to build healthy tissue;aids in the development of active,lifd-sustaining blood corpuscles;strengthens the lungs and buildsphysical force without reaction.Scott's Emulsion is used iri -tuberculosiscamps because of its rarebody-building, blood-making properties and because it contains noalcohol or habit-forming drug.Be sure to insist bn Scott's.Scott & Bowne. Bloorafield, N. J. 13-76N C, E. BUTLER & CO.Exports from 'South African producefrom all ports of Cape Province during 1912 Avere valued, at $257,243,555, and from Cape Town alone at$245,910,764.A new motorcycle rear light, to bemounted on a handle bar, can be' covered with a mirror in the daytime,so a- rider can watch the road behindhim,A GENTLE ANDEFFECTIVELAXATIVE.A mild, gentle and effective laxative is what people demand when suffering from constipation. Thousandsswear by Dr. King's New Life Pills.Hugh Tallman, of San Antonip, Tex.,writes: "They are beyond questionthe best pills my wife and I have evertaken." They never cause pain.Price 25c. at druggists or by mail.H. E. Bucklen & Co,, Philadelphia orSt. Louis (adv)(Oct)It is expected that this year over1,400,000 immgrants will land in theUnited States.THEY MAKE YOU FEEL GOODThe pleasant purgative effect produced by Chamberlain's Tablets andthe healthy condition of body andmind which they create make one feeljoyful. For sale by all dealers.(adv) (Oct)THE FAMILY COUGH MEDICINEIn every home there should be a.bottle of Dr. King's New Discovery,,ready for immediate use when anymember of the family contracts a.Cold or a cough. -Prompt use willstop the spread of sickness. S. AStid, of Mason, Miph., writes: "Mywhole family depends upon Dr. King's.New Discovery as the best cough, andcold medicine in the world. Two50c. bottles cured me of pneumonia.'"Thousands of other families havebeen equally benefited and dependentirely upon Dr. King's Discovery Ikycure their colds, coughs, throat andlung troubles. Every dose helpsPrice 50c. and $1.00. All druggists.H. E. Bucklen & Co., Philadelphia rSt. Louis. (adT(Oct)"Parcel post is a great thing.""Yep," assented the grocer. "Tm.can stick a stamn nrt n rfn nf nrLland send it right out to the farmer"Judge.m7 m B m 4Rm " Wm K m BtK H mm m HBEWARE OF OINTMENTS FOR CATARRH THAT CONTAIN MERCURY.As mercury will surely destroy thesense of smell and s completely derange the whole system wjien entering it through the mtfeous surfaces.Such articles should never be used except on prescriptions from reputablephysicians, as the damage they willdo is tenfold to the good you can possibly derive from them. Hall's Catarrh Cure, manufactured by F. J.Cheney & Co., Toledo, O., contains nomercury "and is taken internally, acting directly upon the blood and mucous surfaces of the system. In buying Hall's Catarrh Cure be sure youtget the genuine. It is taken internally-and made in Toledo, Ohio, by F.P. -J. Cheney & Co. Testimonialsfree.Sold by druggists. Pric 75c. perbottle.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation, (adv- (Oct.) i j-Why let chilled fingers and ,blue hose spoil the buckwheats and?a cup of good coffee?You can have a warm dining room certainly you can.. . v. Your fire never goes out inCole's Original :Hot Blast HeaterEven the cheapest grade of coal put?in the night before will be a mass oFglowing coke in the morning, and' willheat ' your rooms perfectly for two orthree hours without a fresh supply. 'Burns anything soft coal hard, coatlignite or wood. - 'It is.guaranteed. ', .Come in and See It.I. to. WHEELER FURNITURE CO.Robncci Building, Cor. Main and 8th.tfr it 4 V -r''i1,(tet)wicals .art mr.lr.cflfcctiY iXi ST pc f ' " th fme "v - '.- -Ss-x wr wmsm mm. jjmmc iAmK ft 1HVI HE BOURBON. NEWS, PARE, KENTUCKY, OCTOBBER 2 HW3..J2Vmm&trliSpecial Sale!Having bought too heavy and not havingenough room, we are offering to the public atspecial low prices the following items:Trunks of all Sizes ajnd GradesSuit Cases of All GradesComforts, Blankets, Rugs andDruggetsAnd many other things too numerous tomention.J. ELVOVBParis, KentuckyOur Call Home Phone 360MUCH NATURAL GAS USJED.Half Trillion Cubic FeetProduction. Breaks All Records.ecgQ8 iiMMmtiMtmimMEEttr'- rOi &4ebbbb1I Cdirtb. Air dSBBBBlEB .TZZ - Li?2i EEEEEI jSave the Difference!Why throw away your coal range when you canhave ft exchanged for natural gas range. We dothis. And we handle nothing but the best rangesand heaters Clark Jewel and Wilson. They areguaranteed to consume less fuel than any stovesmade. The Clark Jewel has no competition as abaker and cooker. The Wilson heaters give moreheat than any stove ever sold.We carry the largest line of Gas Fixtures, Heaters, Ranges and Gas Grates of any firm in LexingtonWe save you from 25 to 50 per cent, on anythingin the gas line. We own our own business house andhave no rent to pay, therefore can undersell the otherfellow and make as much profit as the man who is inthe high rent district. See us before you make any1purchases and you will realize why our motto isSAVE THEDIIT ERENCE.GEO. PAYNE,N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky.Between Main and ShortBrass Grates, $6.00The Kind that Sells Everywhere From$8.00 to $ 1 2.00NOTICE Our representative will be in Paris Tuesdayand Friday of etch week. Drop us -a turd and ke willcall upon you.Natural gas production b,as becomeone of the leading industries of theUnited States, and to this country belongs the credit of making natural gasa commercial product." It is the bestof fuels cleaner, more convenient,'and more efficient for almost anypurpose than any other fuel. Wereit possible to transport natural gas" ascoal, petroleum, or other fuels now inuse are transported, it would be theleading fuel of the world and its value would probably exceed that of anytother commodity. As it is, enormousquantities are wasted annually, quantities too great even to be estimated,and it is with great difficulty that interest can be aroused in the importance of conserving this valuable fueland in preventing the exhaustion ofthe-fields. Although steps have beentaken in some localities, to preventwaste, it still goes on.The utilization of waste gas fromthe oil wells in different parts of, theUnited Stages has been an importantmeans of conserving this fuel, and theincreasing number of plants erectedare being erected for the extractionof gasoline from this "casting-headgas" was one of the most importantfeatures of the natural gas industry inthe year 1912.The year was one' of greatest prosperity to the natural gas producer anda record-breaker for output, accordingto R. Hill, of the United States Geological Survey. The total estimatedconsumption of natural gas in theUnited States in 1912 was 562,203,452,000 cubic feet, valued at $84,563,957,an average price of 15.04 cents athousand cubic feet, compared with512,993,021,000 cubic feet, valued at$74,621,534 an average price of 14.55cents, in 1911. The number of domestic consumers supplied with gas in theUnited States in 1912 was 1,621,557and the value of gas consumed fordomestic purposes amounted to $50,960,883., while the number of industrial consumers was 15,936 and thevalue of gas consumed for industrialpurposes was $33,603,074. On the assumption that. 28,000 cubic feet of gasequals in heating power 1 ton of coal,the fuel displaced by gas consumed in1912 was equivalent to approximately20000,000 tons of coal.In the latter part of 1911 andthroughout 1912 the price of petroleum continued to advance. This stimulous of higher prices vmade drillingmore, active in every district and resulted in the discovery of some newoil and gas pools, as well as in theextension of older fields. So long aspresent prices prevail the search foroil and gas will continue, and it isprobable that the year 1913 will showstill greater results than 1912.One feature of particular interest inthe year 1912 was the completion ofthe pipe line which is to convey natural gas from Buena Vista Hills ofKern County, Cal., vto consumers inthe city of Los Angeles and the surrounding towns. This pipe line wasbuilt under great difficulties and attremendous cost. It is expected thaton the completion of the compresserwhich is being built in the Midwayfield this line will be put into operation. WestVirginia was the greatest producer of natural gas in 1912, the figures being 215,785,027,000 cubic feetvalued at $29,064,968. Pennsylvania Jwas the largest consumer of gas, nerself producing to the value of 922,823,725, but consuming $26,48,302worth of gas. West Virginia, on theother hand, consumed only about onefourth of her output, the balance being piped into other States.5IWwjI 1 u -- mjJBWgV.1 if) pill1gBIFall OpeningOFGas and Coal Stoves,Heaters and Ranges.In Our Showing of Gas Ranges andHeaters, We Lead Them All.Let Us Show You.-gaj -u i i.mnjiA Bigger Stock, A Better Stove ' ;A .Little ;Show Will Convince You x that We Are RightTGet" theAFETY LIGHTThe new process in the Visible Gas Rangewith Broiler Pan and Dirt Pan, White EnameledFinish. All Doors White Enamel.Let Us Show You One of Ourr6-Room Heatersand Can be Run Much Cheaper Than One Grateand is Guaranteed to Heat 6 Rooms.We Can Save You Workand Moneyi inn inMUST WEAR BADGES.Hunters in Ohio and PennslyvaniaRequired to Do So By Law.Badges as big as butter plates,bearing the hunting license numberof the wearers must be worn bysportsmen when they take the fieldin Ohio or Pennsylvania, while gunner who cross the Canadian line intoManitoba or Saskatchewan rauit goclad in immaculate white.These are some of the peculiar requirements et forth in a synopsis ofthe game law requirements issued bythe Department of Agriculture atWashington.The Department's analysis of thegame laws of .the various States andCanada discloses the fact that virtually every State and Provinceacross the border b.av undertakento protect botbbig game and migratory birds.Even Wyoming, recognized asamong the last of big-game humters'havens, has enacted drastic laws tosafeguard game and has shortenedthe hunting season, besides limitingthe size of the "bag" that May bemade.JrAll Ranges and HeatersAre Made and Constructed ofWellsville PolishedSteele.This Small Heater is Porcelain, Enamel and Nickel Trimmed.Let Us Show You. All Stoves Connected up FREETreadvfor Use. -jr. Wheeler Furniture Co.Main StreetChas. Green, M9r. Opp. Court HouseaaeiaetTtfateittttttttttttttlttttitt'? '$.M (AMALGAMATEDNSvVf&?.jAECriP-ZZ0GEO. W. DAVISf BNEIAL BIKECT0B ANB LICENSED EMBALMSBOTH'P iiWBB DA 137; KIHT 39.No natter whether the thermometerregisters 105 above or 25 below zero,AazSgaEsfocS Arc RodiRgcan't be affecrcd a particle."No matter t.o curves or valleys ofyour roci you. need no tin to coverth'era, for Anrdganiated ARC HOOFINGis very jiablo. It b tho Perfect Rufing,and the insurance rct2 is no higher thanwhen sll2 cr metd iz used.W authonzdfOi-r sgenti to refund tfea saoMeyS our Roofin; it cofcperiectiy afttisfuetorj.AKALGAMAT39 ItOFINS CO.Ckiwft-a, EE2iei0siSold by MHiersburg Coal andLudifcre Co.,Sprains, BruisesStiff Musclesare quickly relieved by Sloan'sLiniment. Lay it on no rubbing. Try it.Ankle Sprain and Dislocated Hip."I sprained my ankle anddislocatedmy hip by falling out of a third storywindow. Went on crutches -for foarmonths. Then 1 started to use yoarLiniment, according to directions. Imust say it is helping me wonderfully.We will never be without Sloan's Liniment anymore." Chas, Johnsaiu LawfnStation, A. Y.SLOANSLINIMENTKills PainSplendi J for Sprains." I fell and sprained my arm a "weekago and was in terrible pain. I couldnot use my h&ad or area until I appliedyour Liniment. I shall nerer be without a bottle of Sloan's Liniment.' M'.B. B. Springer Elizabeth, N. J.Fine for Stiffness."Sknn'3 Liniment has done moregood than anything I hare ever triedfor t-tilY joints. I gofmy hand hurt sobidly that I had to stop work right inthe busiest time of the year. I thoushtat first that I would have to hare myhand taken off. but I got a bottle ofSloan's Liniment and cured ray hand."ITilton Wheeler, Jlorrw, Ala.At all Dealers. 23c.,50c.iand $1.00Send for Sloan'sfree, instructivebook on horses,cattle, hogs andpoultry. AddressDftRLS.SlOAN,lK.BOSTON, MASS.rV,' WSflrKindness, courtesy and punctuality,Endeavor we to give you.Lessmoney, food quality,"Lomg weight; and anyEncouragement we appreciate.Ring 715 and 106 and we will ?si'Send your order and our thanks.Keller Grocery CompanySp ot Cash for Cream tButter fat for Week Ending October 2632cSell your cream to the Tri State Butter Co., Cincinnati, O., tCreamery that put poor old Blgin down and out, s far as prices te. ccernedii ur prie week ending Oct. 19th. being 32c.Th Tri State is mot as. experiment, but is a RESPONSIBLE am4SAFE and PERMANENT Creamiery with 6,000 shippers in thre Statand & capital stock of $75,609 payimg Spot Cash for erery shipmentTh keynoU of our business policy has beem to establish a ragtation of absolute responsibility and integrity in erery transaction. Ti.security of our SAFE AND PBRMANETN market gives the shipper afeeling of relief and satisfactiom not only to-day, but EVERY TIME "ships. Th Tri State shipper is always sure of his money and svi EfcTri State check covers the real value of his eream.It is easy to ship cream to ttie Tri State, as we mee the sour rMflg,Rironlv serffliner a. p. an anfc nr invito awoTL- r?ana3ino- imnn ? ---- -PILES! PILES! PILES W it . ;Free cams lor thm-ty days' trial ar semt prepaid upon reue t, -c Mthere Se amy fertfcer infomattem desiiwl, write us at mce.WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTME!Will cure Blind, Bleeding? and Itekins PitIt absorbs the tumors, allays itckmgr ataeta aa a pcftiltice, givac iastant relfef.tFor sale byall draffffists, mail 50c aad SiWILLIAMS MTC. 00., Frew.,0vUMlttL'Oberdarfcr 6ruflt. ?!, If,NMMMMMMHMiMMMMMMHMMM3ilThe, Tri State. Butter Co., Cincinnati, ft.V.Ky-S'i:mET ,n "'- wVw " "r ,a-'.' Jl-t jTugp jjj t w ' 'yjjgg11 Jiijjyy "wyiSw "yg-v"" w 0 wiwyrfc'V,THE BOURBON HEW3, PARIS, KfeNTUCKYrOCTOB M, 1913i"asi--I'i -KJ"-Jts-HEWS OF MILLERSBUR',Mr. A. S. Miller, who is ill with,typhoid fever, is improving.Mr. and Mrs. W. V. Shaw visited.friends m Cincinnati from Friday until Monday.4 Mrs. Mollie Slack 'and Mrs. "William Peed, of Lexington, are 'guestsof Mr. and. Mrs. J. J. Peed.-Miss Ruth Johnson was the guestof Mrs. Clifton Blackerby, at Paris,''Friday and Saturday. jMr. and Mrs. M. P. Wells returned Monday after a three weeks' Visitto relatives at ML Olivet.Miss Laura Jefferson was at the"bedside of her cousin, Mr. Perry Jefferson, at Carlisle, Saturday.Mrs. U. S. G. Pepper ran -a nail in3ier foot some days ago, Causing apainful Jnjury, but is now better., Miss Annie Burroughs returnedThursday after a visit of severalweeks to relatives in Mexico, Mo.Mrs. W. M. Brown and little son,of Chicago, 111., arrived Thursday asguests of her mother-in-law, Mrs.Hettie Brown and family.Mr.and Mrs. J. C. Leer were theguests of Mr. and Mrs. R. P. Hopperat May slick, from Saturday until Monday. -Mi, and Mrs. W. F. Sanders andlittle son, Dunlap, were guests of Mr.W. H. Robb, at Mayslick, from Saturday until Monday.,Mr. O. M. Johnson shipped Wedr,'2cov twn valuable Shorthorn calvesU tvt William Wnnd. at Collins. SPECIALMiss. These calves were sold at $100each.Mr. and Mrs. S. R. Allen and Mr,.J. K. Allen and family; of Winchester visited C. S. Allen and MesdamesFrankie Cook and E. M. Neah Saturday and Sunday.Mr. Howard Floyd, County Manager for the Cumberland TelephoneCo., was here on business Saturday.Mr. TJ. S. G. Pepper returned Satday after a two weeks' business tripfc Huntington, W. Va..A1 fiporee Insels and MissBlanche Mclllhiney were united inwarriage at Cynthiana, Wednesday.M ter a short wedding trip to Lexington they returned Friday evening toihe home of his parents, Mr. andKrs. Ed. Ingels, and will be at hometo their friends in Cynthiana afternv. 1. Mr. Ingels is -one of ourr.mminent voune: farmers, while his 4eride is an accomplished young lady! Cynthiana. vMiss Sadie Berry and Mr. JohnAllen Mason, of Millersburg, droveto Paris 'Thursday, where they were Jf . .. . - JI 1 -ru -nr "CI nll.v I'auietiy married oy .cuuej: vv. &. jumo,pastor of the Paris Christian church.Miss Berry is the second daughter ofMr. 'and Mrs. Sam Berry, while Mr.ilason is 'the third- son of Mr. and!rs. John M. Mason. This youngeouple have been sweethearts for, about two years, and while it was, generally known by their friends thatthe courtship would culminate in marriage, their wedding came ?s a surprise. At present they are with hisrelatives at Carlisle 'Wednesday, andThursday. -Mrs. Belle Taylor and daughter,Miss Mary Taylor, visited relatives inCynthiana, yesterday.Mrs. Perry Zendorf, of Richmond, Ind., was the guest Sunday ofMrs. G. L. Hill. Mrs. Zendorf is "onan extended visit to relatives in Cynthiana.Mr. WadeU Beeding, of Lexington, arrived Saturday to 'assume aposition in the drug store of WadellBros., while Mr. Thomas Wadell isengaged in managing the affairs ofSTOCK AND FARM NOTESBrent & Bro. in this city.'4TBIRTHS.THATRGALAt The Columbia."The .Palace of Flames," a'n Italiafeatur film, will be the attraction atThe" Columbia Theatre this afternoon and evening. This picture,with Ermetta Zaccioni, Italy's formostactor, and a company of high-classplayers, are to be seen in the picture,which comprises eighty spectacularscenes. Critics all over the countryhave passed upon this picture play,and' commend it to the public in glowing terms. It is 'without a parallelin the moving picture world, and hasbroken the records- wherever it hasbeen shown.Georgetown High School defeatedthe Millersburg Military Institute Jootball team yesterday afternoon by thescore of 14 to 0.The usual three reels of excellentfeature pictures will be shown.ATTRACTION .AT THE ALAMO.. The management of the Alamo Theatre announce the appearance, forone afternoon and night only, nextThursday, October 30, of Gregg's Imperial Orchestra, of ten pieces. Also,for this date only, Miss Bessie Welsh,premier vocalist. Gregg's Orchestraand Miss Welsh are filling an extended engagement at the Colonial Theatre in Lexington, and have been therecipient of unqnalified praise fromthe people of Lexington and the entire Blue Grass. Miss Welsh is con-1Hazel Dawn and Jack BarrymoreIwill be shown at the St. Louis HorseShow this week, and. will than, bebrought home. Latex they may beshown at Chicago.E. F. Bradford, a. grocery. man ofFalmouth,- has on exhibition a mammoth squash that weighs thirtypounds and is thirty inches long, andwas grown in thirty days after thebloofn fell off.Mr. Owen Davis, of Paris, delivered Saturday to Jonas, Weil thirtycattle that averaged 1,400 pounds.The cattle were bought by Mr. We.ilabout a month ago at $7.5$. Mr. Davis purchased from Mr. Weil Saturday forty head that weighed 850pounds at 6.25 per hundred. .ML Sterling Gazette: "JeromeSkidmore, of this county, sold hisfarm on the Spencer pike, about twomiles from the city limits, to' Green,eOsborne, also of this county, at $115an acre. . The farm contains about125 acres, well improved, and is v agood one. Possession given March 1,1914."Jack Barrymore, owned by Mat-lack & Shropshire, of" Winchester,won the junior championship at theKansas City Horse Show Thursdaynight, beating Mrs. Long's My MajorD.are, the famous $7,500 show horse;Their famous show mare, HazelDawn, was victorious in, the five-gait-ed saddle mare or gelding class, bothof which rings command big purses.A dispatch from Paducah says:that local poultry dealers are authority for the statement that the turkeycrop in McGracken county will be unDrecedented in quality and quantitythis year. The early dry days of thesummer were good ones for the turkeys, say the' farmers, and if the coldspell continues some fat gobblers arepromised for the holiday trade. Theprices will be a fraction lower thanlast year's .Contracts have been awarded bythe Burley Tobacco Company for theerection and equipment of four newloose leaf plants at Owenton, Georgetown, Augusta and Falmouth, and atseveral of these places work is already under way. At Harrodsburgarrangements for a market have beenBorn, Thursday night, to the wifeof Richard Jones, at Ruddels Milla, adaughter.Born, at Jackson, Ky., Oct. 24, tothe wife of Mr. Hugh V. Craigmyle,formerly of Paris, a 10-lb son. -DEATHS.Aceded to he the best singer everheard in Lexington at a movingpict- J almost completed, and' it is expectedure nouse. ureses urcnestra, consisting of ten pieces, is an attractionrarely seen in a 'ten-cent pictureshow, and their appearance at ttfe Alamo on Thursday only will undoubedly crowd that pretty little playhouse to the doors for both afternoon and evening performances.Ladies are especially urged to. attendin the afternoon, if possible. No advance in prices. Admission 10 cents.that construction of a sales housethere will be commenced in a, .fewdays. This will be the fifth additionto the chain of twelve sales housesheretofore operated in as many enters by the Burley Company. All ofthe new plants will be ready for theopening of the season, December 1.SELLERS.Earl H. Sellers, formerly of Bourbon, residing on the Bethlehem pike,died suddenly Sunday morning at hishome in Charlottesville, Va., wherehe moved with his family two yearsago.Mr. Sellers was thirty-five yearsold and is survived byx his wife,Metta Bradford Sellers, and a littleson and daughter. The burial willtake place to-day at the cemetery inCharlottesville.Mr. x Sellers was well-known inParis and 4m3 many friends herewho regret to learn of his demise.CONNELL.Mrs. Elizabeth Connell, agedabout seventy years, died at her homeon the corner of Main and Ninthstreets Sunday afternoon about 5:30,10 clock, after an illness of severalweeks. Death Nwas due -to her advanced age.Mrs. Connell, who was the wife ofMr. .Nicholas Connell, was a highly-respectedand much-beloved woman.For some time she has been very feeble and a week ago was stricken withthe illness which caused her death.JThe news of her death came as asevere shock to her host of admiringfriends, as it was not generallyknown her condition was serious.Though an invalid, she has' beenable to attend to her household duties.Besides her husband she -is survived by three daughters, Mrs. Marjorie Parker, Mrs. Elizabeth Moore,and Miss Anna Connell, all of whomreside at their father's home. .The funeral services will be conducted, at the Catholic church xby Rev.Eugene DeBruyn at 10 .o'clock thismorning. The pall-bearers will beM. J. Lavin, E. H. Gorey, GeorgeDoyle, E B. January, Phil Foley, Wm.Grannan.Think of dhe Time andoMoney Saved bythe Use ofNATURALGASFor Fuel and Heat.I Is Your Home Piped?Paris Gas & Electric Co.IncorporatedHalf the people know how to dothings and the other half know howto do the same things better.A girl will let her parents select ahusband for her, but she will insistupon selecting the goods for the wedding gown herself.' Women imagine that men do notpay close attention to femaninestyles. But they do. Most mencouldn't tell you what their wiveshad on the last time they took themparents, Mr. and Mrs. John M. Mason out. out tney can describe everyMrs. Elizabeth Powling visited wrinkle and crease in the dress someJ other woman was wearing.GET OUR PRICES.Natural gas will soon be turned on.We have everything in heaters andranges. Get our prices before youbuy.(24-4t) LOWRY& TALBOTT.1(MlLSor 1inmiji i.i linnL?.s;- fV ICl OI3- V' jC& v""i- I .. r1 t:X?SL.rrr?3ixkL&LiJThere' is an awful difference between a GOOD business man and a,good BUSINESS man.Lots of people who are batting 1,000 in the Church vLeague on e'arthwill be sent back to the Hades BushLeague when they try to butt- intothe Celestial Series.A philanthrophist is a man who refuses his child a nickle to go to apicture show, but who hands a dimeto a one-armed begger when he getsdown town.There ain't no such animal as aplacket any more, vbut you couldn'tget a woman to bet that her dresswas all o. k. behind.GOOD GRADES CHEAP.Special low prices on wall paper.-This' applies especially to the goodgrades of paper.J. T. HINTON.VI VIII IX Jcp&?J P&aCP PsMJ' Pq VELIZA A. DEJARNETT'SADMINISTRATOR NAMEDIn the County Court yesterdayJudge Denis Dundon appointed J. W.Dejarnett administFator of the estateof the late Eliza A. Dejarnett. Hequalified with Sallie Erion and R. H.Dejarnett as sureties.33SSaEGREATERHanm "y0 ' 1if n d J&lL.mm Hi mlm (S r VjK fllhlK ' 1I II II WP I-1 mm mm mIt isn't necessary for you to bry one of ill" Kgh"-rpriced Yictor-Victrolas to have access t all tlu wonder- 1-tul variety of victor music. . ;Any instrument Irom tne Victor- ictro.a iat '$1.5 tb the $200 Victor-Ylctrola XVI will-pfer eeryrecord in the Victor catalog. , ISelect the instrument that is best suked to yo:ir 'homeland start in tq enjoy the music and fun. ' Come in id,nu av wj uuuul xw u-'-iti j,- .."Dau(hcrtv 5ro$.A CHILD'S LAXATIVEIS "SYRUP OF FIGS."Made from Fruit Can't Harm Tender Stomach, Liver and Bowels.Tne Best Made Shoes at Bargains Greater THanEvenWe cannot fully impress upon you the magnitude of the great valueswe are offering for . .SATURDAY AND NEXT WEEKShoes for men, women and children, for all occasions, at prices thatagain prove we are greatest bargain house in the county. -SOME OF THE VALUES.PRISON TERMMust Be Served By Daniel Tolmanf"King of Loan Sharks." -vLadies' Cloth Top in Patent and Gun 2.49Ladies' Suede English Toe 2.49Ladies' Tan Buck : ,. , 2.99Ladies' Tan English' Toe v 3.49Ladies' Patent and Gun Button v2.99. Ladies! Low Heel 1.99Baby Doll in Gun Metal and Paent,......... .1.:.. 1.99If your little one's tongue is coated, it is a s.iire sign that the liver,stomach and bowels need, a gentle,thorough cleansing at once.- Whenchild is crosspeevish, listless, pale,doesn't sleep, eat or act naturally; ifbreath is bad, stomach sour, systemI full of cold, throat sore, of if feverishgive a teaspoonful of "California Syr-Jup of Figs, and in a few hours allthe -clogged-up, constipated waste, thesour bile and undigested food willgently move out of the bowels, andyou have a well, playful child again.Sick children needn't be coaxed totake this harmless "fruit laxative."Millions of mothers keep it handy because they know its action on thestomach, liver and "bowels is promptand sure. They also know a littlegiven today saves a sick child tomorrow. Ask your druggist for a 50-cent bottle of "California Syrup of Figs,"which contains directions for babies,children of all ages and for grown-upsplainly on the bottle. Beware of thecounterfeits sold here. Get the genuine, made by "California Fijg SyrupCompany." Don't be fooled.(adv)Men's English Toe in W--0 - ........ S4.00Men's Tan Shoes, Button and Lace in W.-0 4.002.99.:. 3.501 2.99...,.: 1.99Daniel Tolman, known to the policeof many cities as "King of oejlSharks," must serve six months to.the New York jail for usury.-The Supreme Court so decided afew days ago in denying his appealfrom conviction on October 9, of having violated the law in charging abonusNof $4 for a $10 loan, for thremonths.Although he may appeal to tlCourt of Appeals, the court decicthat pending the outcome of suchpeal lie must be sent to jail.4For cleaning the inside of bottles 'a Frenchman 'has invented --a brusfc.which may be adjusted to any an$from the Handle by a screw runa.ilthrough the latter.Men's Tan Shoes. Button and LaceMen's Tan Shoes, Viscol SoleMen's Box Calf 1 1 ..Men's Gun Metal, Button. and LaceiMen's Pantent, Button and Lace.. t 2.49Rubbers of All Kinds and Descriptions.Satisfaction Garanteed, by the Old Reliable House,CO HENIDjRL3srCYNTHIANA MAN KILLED BYC. & O. TRAIN IN N-EWPORT.Mr. R. L. Chandler, Uuited Statesstorekeeper-guager, of Cynthiana, wasrun down by a C. & O. train near theOld 76 Distillery, in Newport, Friday,where he was on duty.Mr. Chandler had just finished hisduties fQr the day, and was crossinga small bridge near the distillery onhis way home. He stepped from onetrack to another to avoid a train thatwas approaching from the front, andwas struck by another that was coming from behind.His skull was fractured andhe wasinternally injured.A freshman, translating "Haec inGalia est imortaWs," made it "HikeNotice 'of Application- ForPardon.Notice is hereby given that application will be, made to the State Pardoning Board at its regular,, meetinson Tuesday, Nov. 4, for a'pardon forChas. Kelly, convicted in the Bourbon Circuit Court for manslaughterand sentenced to a term in the StateReformatory." Any objections tgranting the pardon must be fileiwith the State Pardoning Board, inwriting or in persdn on or before thatdate. ' "J. Q. WAR.(24-3t)iUki:jmiOne application soothes and heals a rouekrirrm1.lji. i4 .rliA.AftA'afrA4 im!Vi. Hkfrc.i cure. Eczema. Erysipelas, Tetter, Ulcers and11 skin diseases yield to its curative, propertiesSac a box. At an iMvrrtsts.gend for free sample and book. "Hehk aad Bcnty."JOHNSTON, HOLLOWAY A OO..lTMSarfcMcCUmiMSt., PMhu.Pa.mi:iiiiiiIinto Gaul;it's impoVtantA' ChicagoTribune. .-3S?8A jrJ" -w 'S Vi c..--3f--t&htfttl, ; .ft - -. I . - - ' ' "