11.k.fT-rXPUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND s FRIDAY IN THE YEAR7 - -PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, AUGUST 5, 1913.-VOLUME XXXI!' ".' WMJK M. I IIIIIIJB1WIN FOR JUDGE.r.axs && .- &aaffJ1MM,V. frWE KNOW H.OW"Defeats Judge Denis Dundon bya Majority of 154 Votesin the County.HINTON IS EE-NOMINATED.-I S.yW.VTHEBOURBONfife 1 SniMcM- ,-j1I7SSfS""QStvilKBiing Us YourWatch WorkWe are EificientWe are Promptv Try us.v50H MB3BI jgDEL1CA 1 LSSLiNGOODSOF ALL KINDSWatermelonsOn IceT. C. LENIHAN.Cash Grocery.JMen's Straw HatsATSelected for Fifth Time, whileFive oi ' His Councimenare Chosen.tyA',,Arv-. y -. - - - ,.aaHiMHVHALF PRICESPECAL PRICES ONBOYS' SUITSsOne lot of Summer Underwear,small sizes, 35c; worth &OcZ&9mvWS1'mmm.3mmMt5VX'PR160. & 60. Giotwers ir&mmWmand FurnishersiHiiliiMil-g-mv9ryKCiyK'K' sfrwr - rv-By a majority of one hundred andfifty votes C. A. McMillan defeatedJudge Denis Dundon for nomination ofCounty Judge of Bourbon in the Democratic primary held Saturday andJames M. O'Brien went down in defeat the second time for Mayor of thecity of Paris, the majority of his opponent, Mayor Hinton, being one hundred and twenty-one.The contest in both the city andcounty was hard fought and was asignal victory for the McMillan andHinton forces. A full vote was polledthroughout the county, attesting theextreme interest shown in the conest,both for the city and county offices.The Hinton administration secureda majority in the Council, when Whittington Mann, George D. Speakes andW. T. Brooks were elected from thefirst ward, W. O. Hinton from thesecond ward and Jack Woods from thethird ward. Dr. Wm. Kenney and D.C. Parrish, of the opposition ticket,were the only two elected.In spite of the interest manifestedin the election, no trouble was experienced in any of the precincts of thecity or county and the election passedoff quietly in this respect.Interest was centered in the racefor the office of County Judge and thatof Mayor, a campaign for which hasbeen waged by the News and Mr. McMillan and Hinton adherants. During,the entire day the forces of both factions were extremely active in gettingout their full quota of voters. Theelection was the first held under thenew primary law, and up until thenoon hour apparent apathy prevailedin many precincts, but there was achange in the atmosphere, more interest being taken in the situation andwhen the polls closed at four o'clockonly a few of the registered had failedto visit the polls.From the receipt of the first returns it was apparent that Judge Dundon would suffer defeat, as many precincts which had rolled up handsomemajorities in his former races, eithergave him only a small majority orwent to his opponent. Millersburg,which heretofore has given him a largemajority, and upon which the supporters of the defeated candidate reliedfor at least 150 over McMillan, onlyrounded out a majority of 69, whileCenterville, another strong-hold, wentfor McMillan ba maoority of 20 votes.Six precincts in the city of Parisrolled up a majority of 103 for McMillan. He carried five of the six, thefourth precinct going for Dundon by amajority of ouly two.The election of Mayor Hinton as theDemocratic nominee is the fifth timeduring his career that he has beennominated for the office of Mayor bythe Democrats ot Paris, and withoutany Republican opposition in the fieldhe will occupy the chair of the ChiefExecutive of the city for a term of fouryears, beginning January 1.The endorsement of Mayor Hintonand his administration is a single honor conferred by the voters and a compliment to the manner in which theaffairs of the city have been conductedduring his term of office.Aside for the races for CountyJudge, Mayor and in tlie contest for aseat in the Council, the race tor Chiefof Police came next for its share ofinterest. The contestants were J. C.Elgin, Sr., the present incumbent, Geo.M. Hill, former Chief of Police. BenBishop, a former member of the Policedepartment, and Fred Link, a memberof the force. The contest resulted ina victory for Link by a majority ofeighty-five over his nearest opponent,Mr. Hill.E. B. January, Judge of the PoliceCourt, was elected by a majority of435, the largest received by any candidate in the contest for city offices, Iana a plurality or 205) over his threeopponents, L. Grinnan, R. S. Porter andVThomas Holliday.S. M. Tumin defeated Thomas Cra-rI ven for Constable of the Paris precinct fry a majority of forty votes.r The contest for the 'nomination asMagistrate from Ruddles Mills precinct resulted in a victory for R. O.Turner over George K. Redmon by amajority of 58. The 'vote-resulted asfollows: Turner 157, Redmon 98. R.M. Gilkey received the nomination forAssessor over John Wiggins by a majority of 556; Joseph Farris defeatedW. O. Butler for Jailer by 1,722, andPearce Paton for County Clerk, defeated Walter Payne by 65S majority. RuTlolph Davis defeated George M. Kiserfor Coroner ot Bourbon County.Ill the Senatorial race Bourboncouiity'gave Ruftis Hadden a majorityof 294 over J. Will Clay. Hadden received 1,316 against his opponent's 1,022. John JM. Leach was elected Constable of .the Centerville precinct by 51votes, defeating J. S. Sr- whan, and atClintonville the contest 'for the sameoffice resulted in a majority of all "11for Wm. Beasley over D. D. Smith.Squire L. J. Fretwell. Magistrate of theParis precinct, was defeated by ErnestMartin by 33 votes.Attention is directed to page four' forthe tabulated vote by precincts.i'.v t. Our Entire Line offv)StrawMatsVare now on sale atHALF PR!C'A'tMl itch eM & Blakemore,IOutfitters to Menililiiliiiiiliii WM HniMIIMMdbi EisiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiriiiiirriniiuiiiuiiiiuiiiMiiiiuiiu'Hi:iSS.'. "3:ii-iii;!in;,"U!'imiiii!iniiHi!iiiii!ii!iinnm!i rum5& st I1SFRAThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.ZZAS31EXTRA SPECIALREDUCTIONSON ALLrSamREADYT0WEARGARMENTSFor Summer WearaCOUNCILMEN FIRST WARD.W. T. Brooks, 180; Whitington Mann,(Continued on Page T"our!)! FRANK & C., !annmiHimmtrTOmwwKiiiniiiim h$ mmmmmmmMmmmmmmmmm"r-1iParis, KentuckyiYfJj- jrtv vk , -qj.Vs vkV -mft-, i. a., . fr i. ,iTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST S 191 3HE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYRAISING GUINEA PIGSShoes (jhatServe as Pets and for ManyScientific Purposes. .LifeippeatSWIFT CHAMP,Publisher.- VKrsn IteiP (TIlifF ire Im J&5S.V& stssusL jl Baalfi)tototototo,to'?.toto(ft(IStoi:to Overu uNew models and exclusive patterns areshown at all times in our display of Women'sFootwear. Every pair of these Shoes alsoshow elegance of finis and grace in each particular line. We can give you fitting qualitiesin Shoes which cannot be excelled, and as toservice, it need only be said that our Shoes aremade by the best Shoe makers in the world.We can give them to you in widths as narrowas AA.We invite your inspection. -Geo. Mc WilliamsLPhones 301F5$Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Streetr i- .ItBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.'M EverybodyThe Bluenm oix oier U8ivs, CommencingMonday, Aug. 1 1America's Greatest Horse Show.6 Big Horse Stakes. Running and Harness RacesDaily, $20,000 in Premiums. Splendid Display of Every Class of Live Stock.Liberates Concert Band and GrandOpera Company.High Class Vaudeville Every Turn aHead liner.Free Acts Daily. fEverybody from everywhereHike to the Blue Grass Fair.You may see all the rest,But come to Lexington to get the best.Reduced Rates on All Roads.For Catalog or further Information, addressJ CHN .fJk-Mk.omanIThe Shoe ManImmASwtototoWe Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous to fine work and itdever goes bBck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateewS0tototo'tois Going toGrass Fairana menusBAIN, ecretary,JLexington, KyEntered at Postoftlce at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.' The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space . a newspaper's stock intrad ' fou cb of revenue.Our Eyes Tint the World.We view the world with our owneyes, each of us; and we make fromwithin us the 'world we see. A wearyheart gets no gladness out of sunshine; a selsh man is skeptical aboutfriendship, as a man with no eardoesn't care for music. WilliamMakepeace Thackeray.May Be Something in Dreams.Bqlief in the prophetic power ofdreams has run ring around a rosy.Men formerly thought dreams foretold future events, dreams gave goodadvice for the regulation of one's future conduct, dreams told where tofind lost articles. Then as we grewmore sophisticated we regarded dreamomens as mere superstition. Latelysome of the closest investigators of1 dreams have begun to switch to the Iformer opinion.Forgot All Pauses.When Tommy began to read hismother tried to teach him to observethe punctuation. He learned to callthe periods dots. One day a talkative"woman called at the house and whenshe left Tommy said: "O, mamma,didn't that lady talk? She didn't evenstop for the dots, did she?"Adapting the Phrase."Mr. Browne is a charming and ascholarly young man," declared a Chicago lady who was insisting in printon her right to select her own husband. From which we infer that itwill soon be proper to refer to Mr.Browne as "a husband and a scholar."Both?"An acclivity," said the teacher, "isa slope up; a declivity being a slopedown." "Then," asked the class prodigy, "upon which would I be standingif I were on a side hill? It runs bothways." But the teacher was makinglittle Johnny Jones throw away hischewing gum.Evidently No Friend of Sorghum's."That political rival of yours is tobe congratulated. He is always inthe public eye." "Yes," replied Senator Sorghum; "like a locomotive cinder." Father's Day.Father's day is any day he Is ableto get out and hustle for the wherewithal. Detroit News.Vast Area of Polar Regions."What is known as the polar regionscover 4,970,265 square miles and have800,000 inhabitants.Kentucky Fair Dates.The following are the dates fixedfor holding the Kentucky fairs in 1913as far as reported:Uniontown, Aug. 5 5 days.Taylorsville, Aug. 54 days.Tri-County Fair (Carroll, Gallatin,Owen), Saunders, Aug. 6 4 days.Danville, Aug. 6 3 days.Blue Grass Fair, Lexington, Aug. 116 days.Mt. Vernon, Aug. 6 3 days.Winchester, Aug. 6 4 days.Berea, Aug. 7 3 days.Fern Creek (Buechel), Aug. 12days.Leitchfield, Aug. 12 3 days.Henderson, Aug. 12 5 days.Brodhead, Aug. 13 3 days.Perryville, Aug. 13 3 days.Vanceburg, Aug. 13 4 days.PARIS, AUG. 135 days.Hardinsburg, Aug. 19 3 days.Lawrenceburg, Aug. 19 4 days.Shepherdsville, Aug. 19 4 days.Erlanger, Aug. 20 4 days.'Stanford, Aug. 203 days.Ewing, Aug. 21 3 days.Eminence, Aug. 21 3 days.Elizabethtown, Aug. 26 3 days.Shelbyville, Aug. 26 4 days.London, Aug. 26 1 days.Nicholasville, Aug. 26 3 days.Florence, Aug. 27 4 days'.Germantown, Aug. 27 4 days.Alexandria, Sept. 2 5 days.Fulton, Sept. 2 5 days.Frankfort, Sept. 24 days.Somerset, Sept. 2 1 days.Bardstown, Sept. 34 days.Barboursville, Sept. 3 3 days.TompkinsvUse. Sept. 3 4 days.Franklinj S i 3 days.Hodgenyhl. . "W-i. 93 days.Montic'ello, ts-. 9 4 days.Morgantown,ept. 11 3 days.Little Animals Are in Much Demandfor Experimental Use in Preparation and Standardizing Serumsand Antitoxins.(By D. E. LANTZ.)Guinea pigs, or cavies, are raisedchiefly for two purposes as pets orfancy stock and for scientific uses.For four centuries the guinea pigwas regarded merely as a pet andbred for show and fancy alone. Beinga plastic animal, it was considerablychanged during this period, and several strains and modifications of theoriginal were developed. Thus, besidesthe smooth-haired forms, we have thePeruvian, which is a 'very long-hairedtype, and the Abyssinian, a type withrather long hair standing out in cuii-A Stack of Hutches.ous rosettes all over the body. Thelong-haired cavies are not recommended for ordinary pets, as theircoats need much care. The smoothhaired require less attentions andmake equally attractive pets. Theyhave the advantages of being easilykept and of never biting when handled. However, it is not advisable tosubject pet animals of any sort tomuch handling or fondling. Evendogs and cats are always the worsefor such treatment, and pet rabbitsor guinea pigs soon show the resultsof much handling in their roughenedcoats and lack of sprightliness. Longhaired guinea pigs, especially if intended for show, require some handling, since the hair has to bebrushed frequently. This is bestdone while the animal rests on a highshelf where it need not be held during the brushing.Guinea pigs are in much demand forexperimental use in the preparation, Jtesting, and standardizing serums and jantitoxins. They are well adapted forthis purpose, being small and easilyhandled. Their use in medical research is steadily increasing, andsome of the large institutions, unableto secure a steady supply of reliablestock for their own purposes, haveset up breeding establishments oftheir own.Sometimes guinea pigs found inbird stores are unfit for laboratoryexperiments. They have been previously used for serum or antitoxintests or may be the offspring of animals that have survived such tests,bnless the dealer knows the sourcefrom which the animals came andcan guarantee that they have neverbeen used for experiments, he canrarely sell them to institutions. Anybreeder undertaking to supply animalsto laboratories must give absolute assurance as to their suitability for experiments. If he can do this and furnish the animals as needed, he shouldhe able to command good prices forthem and to establish a permanentand lucrative business.The chief enemy of the guinea pigis the common rat. Preventive measures should be taken for the extermination of rats; after they have thoroughly established themselves aboutthe premises it is no easy task. In aneighborhood that is rat-infested,buildings intended for housing guineapigs should be made absolutely ratproof. The rearing of guinea pigs requiresno extraordinary knowledge and nogreat outlay of capital. Little spaceis needed to accommodate the ani-Open Indoor Runs.mals, which are hardy and easily managed. They make interesting' pets andare useful food animals. The constantly increasing demand for them inscientific investigations and medicalresearch insure a ready market forreasonable numbers at prices thatshould be remunerative to the producer. Moles and Growing Seeds.The food most liked by the groundmole is the sprouts of peas and corn.A wayto protect these growing seedsis to dip them in kerosene just beforeplanting. The mole will not .touch theoil-covered seed and the seeds are notinjured in the least. Popular Mechanics. Real Science.After all, real science in farming,just as in everything else, meansnothing more than knowing things.Without the knowledge there can heno science.Business Caution Needed.The farm with its stock, machineryand crops represents a large investment, and the man who succeedsmust act withHhe greatest businesscaution.It is the right of everyone to live and enjoy the cheerful life. We oweit to ourselves and thoce ho live with us to live tnj cheerful" life Wecannot- .no if ill heaith takes hoid of us. ""' .'Uc, motherland daughter suffering from hot flashes, nervousnesshad: '..tcKache, dracsin-dovn feeliusr, or any other weakness due to di3orderacr invt .lantios of the dehcato female organs i3 not only a burden tn hrJbut to her lovea ones. oerseix,There is a remedy. Forty years experience has proven unmistakably that:S3 MoWavaIfer TTTffl- iinimwill restore health to weakened votrrnkind. For 40 years it has survivedprejudice, envy and malice. SoM.Viy idlers in medicine in liquid or tablet formDr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription T llets can 1 e h.-d of drujrgist or mailed oarecpipt of one-cent stamps for $1.00 or 5oc size. Address K. V. Pierce. 1L DBuffalo, N. Y.23r. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets reflate and invigorateciomacli, liver and feowels. Sugar-coaled, tiny grannies.ffliy fnii" I S-ra aA Burning Successis the coal from our yards. The fuel which wetake pride in selling to the good people of this cityand county.Splendid free-burning shaker screen coal.Every one says it is good. Lights easy, lasts long,makes a hot fire and has no equal in this market.BUY NOW FOR YOUR WINTER USEIF YOU ARE WISE.Bodson & DentonThe Home of Good CoalYards, South Main St.Qfcj3SGfcxS3fcX3fegxQ&xS3SfcASKfi VV111S llCliD IS11CJ IfnA riO fTT f ITTkl$yephone worksI zvw JL 8v14 "'' I' rv Mini i rim i1-3-A JHM.iaI Vb -"J"1 AI m&s1. Sells My Products 4. Protects the Home2. Gets Best Prices 5. Helps the Housewife3. Brings Supplies 6. Increases Profits7. Pays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet.For information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated.WT0R1UETO-DAYTwin Bios. Deparimeni SloieCorner Seventh and Main Sts.Dry Goods, Ladies' and Misses' Skirts, Waists, Shoes andMillinery, Slightly Soiled, Big Bargains.It is not onlv lishmin?proof but fire-proof andstorm-proof, too.CORTRIGHT METAL SHINHT F?last as Ions as the buildinz and never tappA rnaircTust the thine for town or countrvkniMmcrc k,. i.L meet every -condition of comfort, beauty and security.',-w i rec?i eo. 1 v!V. 'QC. 3FForBest & Hawkins,FISKCE'SprescriptionBoth Phones 1 40THE FARMERWlldL VYUIlUeL Lilt! V jUI 1 1 leririnii R JO T" ittav yl rf 4-U I U. ,-.-.. I A J fllT Ifor him. He will reply:ATf.-TViAVSale byMillersburg, Ky.1mfi&?i' ' .-. -"t : J. .;.,;.v '.v. ' vwai , . - v j-.-i ! Iii ii ipi t.tm v iw .;. ."' 'JPlMfiiIr'T - , .JV k.,.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., AUGUST" 19131 'IftDIAGNOSIS! fj Mffipf you suspect that you have consumption go at once to your physicianto he diagnosed. Don't delay! Everyday lose decreases the chance of cure.And go to the best physician. Eventhe best physicians can not immediately distinguish tuberculosis in itsfirst stages from other troubles. Expect your physician to take a sampleof your spit, which can be examined.free of charge in the laboratory of theIState Board of Health. If germs ofituberculosis are found, that is absolute proof that the disease js present,even though you can see no outward.signs of its inroads. If they are notfound, you may nevertheless have tuberculosis; in the early stages of thedisease more often than not the germswill not be found in the sputum. Ex.pect your physician also to make a(careful physical examination of thetrunk of your body from the waist line'to the neck. It will take him a fullhalf hour to do it thoroughly and, ifhe requests it, the patient must bestripped to the waist line.Hen Still Ahead.The hen lifted up her voice. "Theymay unscramble an omelet," she cried,"but I'd like to see them uaa&akle acackle."down the throat of a "gapey"chicken destroys the wormsand saves the chick's life. Afew drops in the drinking: waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPESwhite diarrhoea, roup, choleraand other chick diseases.One 50c Bottle ofBourbon Poultry CureMakes 12 Gallons of Medicine. ('Every poultry raiser should keep a bottle ofthis medicine on hand. Write for free sample.and Booklet on "Diseases of Fowls." AddressBOURBON REMEDY COMPANY, Lexington, Ky.gFor Sale by W. T. Brooks14 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDepositsYour Deposits Are Guaranteed. YOU TAKE NO RISKSf You Are InterestedWrite UsUNION STATE BANKMuskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000!Pufly Paid'1 CANCER CURED !dertake; 20 years practice; ref-erence, any citizen of Paris.eDR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.IMartin BrosFurniture Moving,- City Transferand First-CalssLivery NOur Facilities forHeavy Hauling isGood.Our Livery is as good as theother fellows. Horses fedby the week or month.We would appreciate ashare of your business.Prompt attention given allorders.- Both Phones 260.MARTIN BROS.,Eighth 'St.Paris, Kentucky XHALTER IS VERY CONVENIENTOne Shown in Illustration Is .Adjustable and It May Be Fitted toPony or Large Horse.A halter that will fit a small ponyor a large horse is a useful thing tohave In the stables. The one illustrated here is made from a singlelength of rope.A loop (A) is spliced at one end,and fourteen inches from this a secondAn Adjustable Halter.loop (B) is spliced. The whole lengthof rope is then passed through thestrands at the splice (B), and the endput through the outside of loop A andon through the loop B. The halteris then ready to put on, the loopmade by the rope between A and BHalter Arranged on Horse,going around the nose of the animal,and the larger loop made by passingthe end of the rope through A andB goes over the top of the head behind the ears. A pull on the knot atC will tighten the halter.SUMMER CARE OF THE PIGSOne May See Pretty Good Profit inFeeding at Present High Priceof Feed .and Pork.Many farmers think that they cannot afford to feed the pigs liberallyduring tne summer season. The pigsare allowed to shift for themselves inmany instances, and, of course, do !not make much growth, but one maysee a pretty good profit in feeding at jthe present high prices of both feedand pork.The hogs will Just about live on thepasture they can gather from thefield, and what grain is given themgoe3 to growth, and any one who hastried it has found that only a moderate ration fed to the shoats on pasture will make a good growththroughout the season.Early spring pigs of any breed canbe made to average a pound of gaina day by the time they are eight orten months old, and a parge part ofthis can be made on pasture.Results of Vaccination.The Kansas experiment station hasreceived reports of the result of vaccinating 32,000 hogs against cholera.In herds infected before vaccination70 per cent of the hogs survived. Inherds not infected before vaccination99 per cent survived. This showsvery clearly that the tlmo to use thecholera serum is before the diseasehits the herd.The losses from swine disease thisyear promise to be much less thanthat, but there is a good deal of itscattered over the corn belt and allprecautions should be taken. Serumis available now in nearly all important swine-producing states, and those-who own hogs should take advantageof itEwe After Lambing.After lambing ewes should not befed too heavily for a wek or two.Bran alone is good ration for thefirst few dayE. Graduallj the rationcan be increased, using on part bran,one part oimeal and five parts corn.J kIrs lmI IW ' j,'lfet&2p$i UK')VISITING NURSES!A visiting nurse is a trained nursewith a special experience, supportedby the city, or county, or some charitable organization, who devotes heitime to visiting the sick, giving then?advice, and such assistance cr serviceas she can render in a short time. 01course, a visiting nurse is unable tqattend cases of such highly initctiousdiseases as scarlet fever in the courseof her regular duties. She is undeithe orders of the physician and is nojallowed to make giagnoses. One suetnurse can relieve a great deal of distress; but it is rather a harder tastto prevent disease than to cure itWhen, for instance, she goes to loofaafter one case of consumption in sfamily, she watches the other members of the household carefully in order to see whether or not there areothers just coming down with the disease. She visits patients during theperiod of convalescence to guardagainst a relapse or the catching olsome other disease. She educates thefamilies of her patients regardingwhat to do for the patient and how tctake care of themselves so as to avoiqthe same disease. There are at present few visiting nurses 'in KentuckyWouldn't you like to have one in youicommunity? Wouldn't it be worth alittle of your money every month foiher support?Kentucky Tuberculosis CommissionBATH TUBS!Keep on friendly terms with youibath tub. It is the business of theskin to pass off to the surface of thebody some of the waste products. Inthe process of hard manual work 01violent exercises unusual largeamounts of waste products are madeand the sweat carries them off withgreater rapidity. The action of thebreeze and the rubbing of the clothesremove some of this waste, but it cannot be thoroughly done except withwater. A warm bath with the use ola little soap once a week is the minimum with which the skin can do itsbest work. Baths can well be takenmore frequently, especially if onetakes a great deal of exercise. Quiclibaths in cold water without the useof soap toughens the body and makeone less liable to have colds. However, such baths do not give the skina thorough cleansing, and ought notto be taken by very delicate, sensitivepeople except under the recommendation of a physician. Baths not onljcleanse the skin, but they also starithe blood to moving faster. It isknown also' that they have a markedeffect on the nervous system. Peoplewho are exceedingly nervous or insane can be more easily and surelj jquieted by propeily administered Ibaths than in any other way. Foi 'continuous mental and physical healtha bath a day is an excellent rule ,Teach this to your children!Kentucky Tuberculosis CommissionMEDICINE!Most of us place all together toomuch faith in medicine. Of all thehundreds of known diseases, very fewcan, in every instance, be cured byany single kind of medicine. Sometimes one person, suffering "with agiven disease, will not be affected, ormay even be harmed by a medicineWhich has been given with good effectsto another person. Most diseases arethe result of self-indulgence, or carelessness, , or ignorance, and nearly allof the sure cures, where cures are possible, are provided by nature. This isespecially true in the case of consumption. There are some few casesthat are benefited by medicine, but nomedicine can yield a cure, or even aconsiderable improvement, unless - itco-operates with the forces of nature.There are quantities of medicine soldin the stores and advertised in everyconceivable way, as cures for tuberculosis. Most of them actually injurethe person who takes them; becausemost of them contain opiates or otherharmful drugs. Every one of these"consumption cures" is planned simplyto enrich the manufacturer at the expense of the most helpless people inthe world. If your doctor is unableto give you medicine to cure you, don'tthink you can pass the druggist 50cents or $5.00j and cure yourself.Kentucky Tuberculosis Commission.SYMPTOMS!Not one person in fifty knows accurately the symptoms of beginning consumption. The doctor can detect somethings which the layman can not; butthe following signs anyone can notice.The commonest symptom is a continual cough, either a few spasms ofcoughing each day or a little hackingcough at 'intervals all day long. Aslight feverish condition between oneand seven o'clock in the afternoon,generally about 4 o'clock, and sometimes lasting only a half hour, is another common sign. If a person hasboth the cough and the fever thetrouble is almost surely tuberculosis,especially if combined with a steadyloss of weight; a gradual loss of appetite; a feeling of being continuallytired or lack of interest in life, ornight sweats, the other common signsof beginning consumption. Any oneof these persisting for some weeksshould cause the person concern andsend him to the doctor. Don't delay. Delay is dangerous! Find out what ailsyou! Everything can be gained andnothing can be lost by knowingwhether or not your affliction is tuberculosis. Kentucky Tuberculosis Commission.STRAINING OF JJME-SULPHGRComparatively New Spray Material IsUsed Primarily for Control ofthe Brown Rot.(By M. W. RICHARDS.)Self-boiled lime-sulphur is a comparatively new spray material asmade at the present time and isused primarily for the control of thebrown rot on the stone fruits. Itspreparation is simple and should notbe confused with that of boiled limesulphur. Self-boiled lime-sulphur is asimple mechanical mixture of freelime and sulphur, while boiled limesulphur is a mixture of complex andlime. Self-boiled lime-sulphur is madeby slaking eight pounds of good, highgrade stone lime in a tub or box.Just as the lime starts to slake eightpounds of high-grade flowers of sulphur are sifted in. The slaking limecauses the lime and sulphur to mixthoroughly. After the lime has slakedfor from ten to fifteen minutes, coldwater should be added so as to stopthe slaking. If this is not done, thelime may develop enough heat tocause the lime and sulphur to go intochemical combination which results inthe formation of soluble sulphidesthat are highly injurious to peachleaves. The mixture of lime and sulphur is now diluted to 50 gallonsand strained into the spray barrel.Great care should be taken to workthrough all of the sulphur, as this isthe material which exerts the fungicidal property. In making self-boiledlime-sulphur for orchard use, it is advisable to work with large quantitiesof lime and sulphur such as 32 poundsof lime, 32 pounds of sulphur and 200gallons of water. The heat developedfrom this large quantity of lime willbetter mix the lime and sulphur. Thislarge mass of material will have to bethoroughly stirrred, however, as theXM-si-m'JL1MwWWSs? IA new type of strainer for limesulphur or other materials. The liquidmoves upward toward the screen andout through the spigot. The coarsesediments collects in the bottom andany solution retained in it may bewashed out and secured by means ofthe water required for the next boiling. lime will have a tendency to cake onthe bottom of the tub.Formula Eight pounds sulphur, 8pounds lime (unslaked stone lime.Do not use hydrated lime or thatwhich is air slaked), 50 gallons water. Geneva Formula Eighty poundshigh grade flowers of sulphur, 40pounds stone lime (high calcium limeshould be used; magnesium lime isunsuitable), fifty gallons of water.HERBS NEEDED IN A GARDENAmong Best for Use Are Mint, Sage,Lavender, Summer Savory, Thyme,Annis and Coriander.(By LEROY CADY.)No garden is complete without someof the herbs. Among the best for useare mint, sage, lavender, bummer le.vory, thyme, annis, coriander, dill andwinter savory. Directions for sowingthese are given as a rule, on the package in which the seed comes. Theseed may be sown in boxes or fiatsearly in spring; and, as soon as theplants are large enough, they may betransplanted to a permanent place inthe garden. One-year-old plants ofmost of these herbs can be .purchasedfrom the nursery, which will savesome time.Long Life of Rhubarb Bed.Rhubarb is the first vegetable wehave from the ground in spring. Ithas a host of friends who fully appreciate its merits, while those whohave land and do not grow it arelosing one of nature's choicest andhealthiest vegetables. It is the easiestplant to grow of all the perennials. Abed once established will last 15 years.A half dozen plants will supply alarge family during the season, whichwith crimson winter rhubarb, is 52weeks each year.Sweet Corn and DroughtNo vegetable withstands severedrought and heat so well as sweetcorn. It succeeds well in either hillsor drills; probably in the latter plantsdo not blow over so much during wetand wintry weather. The soil shouldbe very rich for the best results.Lime and Fertilizer.Vegetables of a leafy nature, suchas cabbage, lettuce and spinach, aregreatly benefited by the applicationof lime, in order- to grow profitablecrops of lettuce and spinach it is necessary to fertilize liberally. . .- .r T7jjlf2 c JSisH"" !POPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKYSUNDAY, -A.-u.grjLStXO75cRoundTripSCENIC BEAUTY v OUTDOOR ENJOYMENT V MUSICTickets sold at GEORGETOWN good only on Special Train leaving at 10.50 mm.Apply to nearest Ticket Agent, Queen & Crescent Route, for further information.H. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent,101 E. Main St. Phone 49 LEXINGTON, KY.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMBOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.Twin Bros.' Department Store,701-703 Main Street, Corner Seventh, iSee Our Window For$12.50, 15.00 and $18.00 Suits. 'Reduced to$9.984ThesejSuits arelin'the latest styles and colors and areexcellent values. Take a look at them. We also have afull line of Shoes, Hats, Caps, Shirts andf'everything thMen and Boys wear.TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEPHLWoIfstein, Propri or.Special Rates & Excursions.Eucursiorto Cincinnati, Ohio,and returnSunday, M& 10$1.50 ROUND TRIPThis train leaves Paris at 7:50 a.m., arriving Cincinnati 10:30 a.m., returning leaves Fourth St.station, Cincinnati, at 7 p. m.Tickets good on special j trainonly.Low round-trip Summer Tourist tickets to all Summer resortsin the North and Northwest onsale May 15 to Sept. 30. Finallimit date 31, 1913, with liberalstop-over privileges.For further information, callon or address. IW. H. HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, T. A.PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENTWill cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching Piles.It absorbs the tumors, allays itching at once,acts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For gale by all druggists, mail 50c and $1.00.WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky."Roxie" Dai$!Cle Insurance AgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire Wind,Lightning :::::::::Siggest and Best Paying Companies.GivcOWNubaCa!!.;' : H2 Hellosas? '75cRoundTrip- t rmimniinmir i innnmmCurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,'(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite Attention !!Hot and old Baths at AllHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Pat-'ronage Solicited:NEW - BARBER - SHOPiJWindsor Hotel.2jJModern Equipment,Polite'Service.iEverything Sanitary. .vChildren's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDSpecial Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther Notice .We pay 121-2c for green -beefhides. Call us"uror bring it to our place.MAX MUNICK,8th Street, .... PA&F1, Kk OaXl EasfcTenn. Phone 374f.Ftfe-i 14A. lA' T.v.sV 7.iif-r - ,'TXtkv-SJ. J-, ' Kv .,- A. -. ,tun rtnwuiWW. s.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, BOURBON-COUNTY, KY.; AUGUST S, 19135. 'BABIES' HEALTH SHOW WILLBE A FEATURE OF THE FAIR.FIRST DAY OF FAIR VfLLft3E TMt BEST IN HISTORYgXyOkaMMMMUHMMuflLIfRIiinvmtil1&K" ItVi'(,J sS'hC f(:tt ;f !I )!KI!uihifjKI l1i!JOHN T. HINTON,Re-norninated for Mayor of Paris.Continued From Page One.)-221r; W. W. Mitchell, 130; Geo. D.Speakes, 166; H. O. James, 130.COUNCIL-MEN SECOND WARD.D. C. Parrisli, 170; Wm. Kenney, 209;Bruce Miller, 156; W. H. Wallen, 151;J. G. Denton, 149; W. O. Hinton,198.COUNCILMEN THIRD WARD.Harvey Hibler, 105; Jack Woods,121.ELECTED WITHOUT OPPOSITION.J. J. Redmon, Magistrate, Northiliddletown.E. P. Thomson, Magistrate, MillersTmrg. O. B. Lloyd, Magistrate, Hutchison.John N. Shropshire, Magistrate, Centerville. R. H. Burris, Magistrate, Flat Rock.A. D. Stephenson, Magistrate, Clintonville. George Batterton, County Attorney.Miss Mabel Robbins, School Superintendent. MONTGOMERY COUNTY.A hot election resulted in the priinary in Montgomery County Saturday.35ie vote was as follows:For Judge Perry, 818; Chenault,843. Sheriff Howell, 999; Horton,782. County Clerk Samuels, 726;Itichardson, 876; Langston, 364; Assessor Greenwade, 311; Greene, 514;Barnes, 891. Representative Greene,401, Turley, 916; Manning, 416. SenatorClay, 1152; Hadden, 618.Money was freely spent in a number of precincts but the election wentoff without disorder or any violence.NICHOLAS COUNTY.The Democratic primary election inNicholas County Saturday resulted asfollows:James Mitchell defeated Nelson H.McNew for County Judge by 311rotee.W. T. Parker was nominated forSheriff over H. N. Rankin by the slightmargin of two votes.W. E. Darragh was nominated forCkmnty Attorney over William Conleyby a margin of 78.James Cameron won the race forIhe Assessor's nomination over F. M.Jtotts by a majority of 79.For County Jailer Moses BrothersJron over" Dave Scott by 333.Lyda E. Gardner was nominated for-$iperintendent of Schools ovr Geo.M. Wilson by a majority of 222.Unofficialio"5IoUlrP owoS3HOaapa.aI3o-jCQr-fPt-l-amCDrr''Paris Ntf. 1Birie No. 2Paris No. 3Paris No. 4 ...Paris No. 5Paris No. 6Millersburg No. 1HQIersburg No. 2....little Rock No. 1little Rock No. 2N. Middletown No. I.N, Middletown No. $.OlintonYille No. 1-OUntonville No. 2Hwtcbison No. 1....Hutchison No. 2....Centerrille No. 1Qanterrille No. 2Kvddles Mills 1.....Xvddlee Mills No. 2. .TotalsMajorities. ,50116821046251..164467242641057189535256626937761302923726965362289304950742933130255MANY SURPRISES INSTORE AT .30 UR BON FAIR.it is only two weeks until the opening of the Bourbon Fair, the oldestin the State, and the attractions promise to be greater than ever before. Themanagement have arranged a premium list that is certain to bring com-petition in all classes "of stock.From the opening day, which ispony day, until Saturday, bloodedstock from noted breeding farms willbe exhibited in the rings for saddleand harness horses, roadsters, drafthorses, colts, mules, etc., and will undoubtedly attract large crowds.The contests in the Babies' HealthLeasriiP. Rvhihit will hfi n new fpntnrfi 'and will bring together many beauti- jful babies. The awards in Class Aof this department will be made thesecond day of the fair, but the finalawards for the highest score will notbe made until Saturday.On Friday a premium of $50 will begiven for the best suckling mule coltof either sex, and a number of othersubstantial premiums will also beawarded in the mule rings on that day.MAYOR HINTON EXTENDSTHANKS TO THE VOTERS.It is with the greatest gratitude -thatI make acknowledgement of the honorconferred upen me by the Dji.ijcatsat the primary last Saturday in theirchoosing me as the Democratic nominee for Mayor.To those who supported me, I de: ire to express my most sincere..hanks for their manifested interest,and to those who opposed me,the hearty assurance of my good willand to all alike, I pledge myself to uphold in every honorable way the Democratic party and principles.It is my earnest desire to representthe entire Democratic party, and toserve the whole community, and ifelected to the office for which I havebeen nominated, I shall at all timesendeavor through faithful service andwatchfulness of the public welfare topierit the honor conferred and shallrender to every one, regardless ofpaty or personal preference, the fairtreatment that each citizen has theright to expect of a public servant.With grateful appreciation,J. T. HINTON.CHASE AND SANBORNCOFFEE AND TEAS.We have the full line.C. P. COOK & CO.Vote of Paris and Bourbon County, August 29 1913a5.502O35-ip2oO(0OpCDP-OOcr3po fttdpP3O3o13O-1P3osOo1oa3otapca-COo-iopQ5o-Jooa.erao3oapQooo-JoCD1o1431148211252517686685310036421455388381138781794261911469155102i396146755963574fi3220381946915083423544342638' 7143220287110771214614155170165484540257183956324268053747868s56845690387711$377922110189895509229211154213512479311062663185221684589716338578491640188326432816462721421424325382625206343544510519325377885221001726 5154 13136 5736875027784311281029J1576347794411'6939992086881One of the new features of the fairthis year will be the Babies' HealthShow held under the auspices of theBabies' Health League.The following prize offers are announced, and the prizes are on exhibition in Frank & Cos window.CLASA The mo'st uearly perfectI baby, mentally and physically, over sixmonths and under one year:No. 1. Girl Crocheted sacque andbootees, given by Frank & Co.No. 2. Boy Gold pin given by A.J. Winters.CLASS B The most nearly perfectbaby, mentally and physically, overone year and under two years.No. 1. Girl $2.00 in merchandise,given by Peoples' Pharmacy.No. 2. Boy ?2.00 in merchandise,given by Clarke & Co.CLASS C. Most nearly perfect babymentally and physically, over two andunder three.No. 1 Girl Diamond ring, given byC. O. Hinton.No. 2. Boy $2.00 cash given by J.T. Hinton.CLASS D SWEEPSTAKESFirst $15. Given by directors ofBourbon County Fair, for the highestscore made by baby of any age.Second $10.00, given by Babies'Health Letfgue for second highestscore made by baby of any age.The babies will be judged by a committe of doctors. The standard ofweight, height, circumference of chestand head, etc., compiled by Dr. L. Emmett Holt, of New York, the recognizedbaby authority, will be used in judging the babies.No prizes will be awarded on ascore less than ninety.The examination will have to beheld several days before the fair, andand it is desirable to apply early sothat notice of time and place of examination can be sent to parents.There is no entrance fee to this show,but it is limited to the first thirtyapplicants. Entries close July 13, atjioon. Application should be made toMrs. W. H. Whitley, Vine Street, E.TOI1n Plmnp 2Rfi nr tn Mrs. WithersDavis, Pleasant Stret, Home Phone425W. FRED LINK OURNEXT CHIEF OF POLICE.The above is an excellent likenessof ParisVjiext Chief of Police, chosenas the Democratic nominee in the primary Saturday. He will be withoutopposition in the regular election. Mr.Link has been a member of the poilcedepartment for the past three and onehalf years, during which time he hasconducted himself with credit, and hasgained quite a reputation as an earnest official. He conducted a remarkable campaign and won the nomination in the face of a strong opposition and mainly upon his merits. "Hispopularity is attested by the heavyvote he received.REMARKAPLE CUREOF DYSENTERY."I was attacked with dysenteryabout July 15, and used the doctors'medicine and other remedies with norelief, only getting worse all the time.I was unable to do anything and myweight dropped from 145 to 125pounds. I suffered for about twomonths when I was advised to useChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy. I used two bottlesof it and it gave me permanent relief,"writes B. W. Hill, of Snow Hill, N. C.For sale by all dealers.(August)ui3oBa-ipe-iPSToS3S35"S3PS3I3otftenerao-iDscpI.1aO sw5"To-tpo-J3o-CO0303COO3o-iO-JOoPwrfPcooaooCOCo-tsrp$o1g speraCerap621135501 611 41 341 561 69111111) 104 1091 56) 117) 14911111613811097767997574083799310859106121657239214954766368701124619348523627487438169!1311278729'59Ski ' Hfj" v t .!",. ' . 'flflKli65chas. a. McMillan,Nominee for Judge of Bourbon County.KILLING RESULTS OVERELECTION QUARREL.Neal L. Mitchell was shot and fatally wounded shortly after 10 o'clockSaturday night by Mack Trisler, inLexington. Mitchell died at the GoodSamaritan Hospital shortly afterwad.The shooting was the result of a quarrel over the election.MULES WILL HAVE SWAYON FOURTH DAY OF FAIR.What promises to be one of the bestdays of the Bourbon Fair, which begins ;on August 19th, to continue for five 'days, will be August 22nd. On thisoccasion there will be brought togethersome of the finest mule stock in Central Kentucky. More than a dozenrich premiums are offered in this class,including that for the best sucklingmule, either sex, carrying with it aprize of $50 to the winner. In addition to this there will be the specialfor saddle horses with a rich pursedivided three ways. 29-tfNotketoMerchantsOn and after this date I will not beresponsible for any accounts contracted by other persons in my name unlesssame is made upon a written order,signed by myself.W. M. GILLESPIE,Paris, Ky., Aug. 1, 1913.For SaleUnusually nice Shetland pony, thoroughly broke for children. Also driving horse for lday.E. F. CLAY, JR.,Cunberland Phone 413. Paris, Ky.FOR SALE.Spiderr phaeton in perfect condition.Will sell cheap. Apply toMRS. HENRY SKILLMAN,Lexington, Ky.FOR RENTTwo-story frame house on Secondstreet. Apply at 315 Pleasant street.E. T. Phone 276. Iaug3tFor Sale Cheap1 Mosler Safe.1 National Cash Register.1 Coffee Mill. '4 Scales.1 Platform Scale.2 Counters.(tf)Fee Grocery Go.ft) Hao3o0COo-1WC-lpS3po5 PI Sp ::3 H V SW03eraS3S3oToS1IoaSt-ltfopui-tIsrtitfoiin1oaS3OoO3o"itfoIoDerao-ioc&eratfotfoIotfo521453655178316011412773326918205995758144109111119934479414526444423213131419316689272241TO MAMMOTH CAVEAUGUST 20, 1913LAST GREAT REDUCTION.Round trip railroad fare $5.65.Board at the Cave Hotel, including theseveral routes in the Cave for ?6.50.Making total cost for three days' trip$12.15; going on regular morningtrains. Limit on tickets 10 days.! Write or phone L. & N. agent. 5aug5tFOR SALE.v Safe, suitable forstore or office.G. S. Vardcn Sc Son.5-2tiiaaBIn1 oldest Fair67th Annual Fair of theBourbon County(Agricultural Society5 BIG Days 5AUGUST 19, SO, 21, 22, 23, 1913.The Program this year is decidedly the .bestever offered in all its history. Write for Catalog,Littlejohn's Big United Showswill furnish the attractions for the Midway. Twentyclean attractions.High 'Dive and Balloon AscensionEvery Day.Write to the undersigned for entry blanks andinformation.JOHNitWINDINSURANCE!Fire andLightningIMIS12 Big Companiesxhe first day of the Bourbon Pa-r, vwhich -vjll begin Augusi iq pc.12 f'ises to be the best in tn.- Victor v of!Vvthe agricultural or?-r.c,.!on. The ''TWopening day will b'iv ua usual feature ;rthe exhibition '.-$ ponies which, has -Talways hAjrore proved a drawing:-n-.i This vivent will bring togetheraiG idigest number of ponies ever exhibited on the local grounds. In addition to this feature, many other no-less attractive will attend the opening.A departure from the isual custom,and an attraction that promises to bequite interesting, will be the cakewalk for colored people on the afternoon of the opening day. Other features will be the ring for harness and1;saddle horses, Toadsters and colts. A.special premium of 50 divided intothree monies, will be offered on the--openingday for the best stalk orgreen tobacco grown in Bourboacounty. 29-tfT$100 REWARD, $100The readers of this paper will fr&pleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that scienc ha&.been able to cure in all its stages,and that is Catarrh. Hall's CatarrhCure is the only positive cure nowknown to the medical fraternity.Catarrh being a constitutional disease,requires a constitutional treatment.Hall's Catarh Cure is taken internally,acting directly upon the blood and themucous surfaces of the system, thereby destroying the foundation of thedisease, and giving the patient morestrength by building up the constitution and assisting nature in doing its;work. The proprietors have so muchifaith in its curative powers that theyoffer One Hundred Dollars for anycase that it fails to cure. Send forlist of testimonials.Address: F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo.Ohie-Sold by all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (August)LOST.Bunch of keysFinder return toon streets of Paris-WM. SMITH,At Cemetery. NA lin the StateS.WIGGINS,Secretary!tkjf)WOODFORDJ1.; ii:iVT-,V!.." vnm102218161221137515478893532075146371514242946581465 432-329-289460 581, 701190.625 .66 310 78 208 395 43 jk 3T.; r MI1799. ATM ! '! 'I ocl 5 . I t I ori - . ccef O'. I ! "AM t , 1911 WW "--. . 3 J - . '.!'I i'""1!.'"! ,uy i fcli .. - odi ,-. uuyr uul- l ' - Tra tfffift-f- r t ii r r r t g r i r r WT - v- .vjm ' ' - . .... ,. mfeBakaadihBaiaHkaiKaMka&aaAaMa&sbKaavj . " i- N. r- jg-" - " . . ' ' - ; r-- -lKtKKry '"" ' rwrwrr hi 1 1 ''mmmwmwmi - a-JL-r.. ..,-. . ..... . '. .. - . L--rnnmmam&mmTHE BOURBON NEWS," PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 5, 1913mEawnHnmRwia4jif' ' -JL-&w;HAS THC BESTOF ALL LtNES MADEATTRACTIVE MAGAZINE SECTIONWITH THE NEWS THIS ISSUE.With this issue of the News beginsthe i&sertion of a monthly magazinesupplement, handsome in design andcontaining some interesting stories.The magazine is a work of literary artcontaining a poem "To Kentucky" byA. Bart Horton, the first installmentof Kentucky story by Mr. Horton, entitled "A Son of Dixie," also a beautilully illustrated story of Elmendorf.the magnificent estate of millionaireB. Haggin, in Fayette county. Asidefrom this there is a department devoted to Domestic, Science and Agriculture. The magazine section is one oflocai interest and is well worth thepersual of our readers.t. STRAW HATS TAKE A TUMBLE. .Erery hat in the house at half price.J. W. DAVIS & CO.!NEW POSTAL ORDER ARRIVES.The local postoffice has received orders to take parcel post packages-weighing up to twenty pounds insteadof eleven pounds, under a new orderwhich goes into effect August 16. Thenev rule applies to the first and seeon' zones.SHOE SALE.To (make room for our Fall shoes,-W3 have reduced our entire stock ofmen's women's and children's lowshoes. This sale begins August G, andlasts 10 days. Nothing charged atcut prices.GEO. McWILLIAMS,The Shoe Man.BABIES' HEALTH LEAGUETO MEET THURSDAY.The regular monthly meeting ofthe Babies Health League will takeplace at the home of the President,Mrs. W. H. Whitley, Thursday afternoon at four o'clock. The speaker forthe afternoon will be Dr. W. G. TJssery.All mothers are cordially invited to bepresent.BOURBON COUNTY DAY ATWINCHESTER HOSPITAL FAIR.The Hospital Fair will begin at Winchester, Wednesday, August 6. Mr. G.X,. Wainscott, Secretary of the FairAssociation, has set Friday, August 8,as Bourbon County Day, and it is asafe prediction that Bourbon Countypeople will take advantag of thisspecial event to turn out in greatnumbers.CHICKEN THIEVES BUSYON THE TAYLOR FARM.N. H. Taylor, who resides on theWinchester pike, had the misfortunerecently, to have forty frying chickens stolen from his roost. The thievesmade a complete raid on the roostand secured the fowls without beingmolested and made their departurewithout leaving a clue that wouldlead to their apprehension.AT HALF PRICE.All straws at half price.None ex-cepteel. nrJ. W. DAVIS & CO.BIBLE SCHOOL CONVENTION.Please don't forget that the Bourbon'County Bible Schools of the Church ofChrist wlil hold their annual convention at North Middletown, Ky., onWednesday, August 27,with 400 representatives from Clintonville, Bethlehem, Escondida, Little Rock, Mt. CarmeL Millersburg, North Middletown,Paris, Peyton's Lick, Ruddel's Millsand Stony Point. Unless all signs failyou will there hear a man of Nationalreputation among the churches ofOh fist.You'll be sorry if you don't plan togo, Remember the date.NOTICE TO CONSUMERS. Owing to the drouthour water supply issetting low. I ask allconsumers to economize as much as possible, especially in theuse of hose.PARIS WATER CO.Newton Mitchell,2t Supt.SERIOUSLY HURT WHENKNOCKED FROM CAR.ifr. Estis Henry, of this city, abrakeman on the Louisville and Nashville railroad, was seriously if not fatally burt at Berry, Friday aiusiuuim,wken be was knocked from a car. hishead striking against a rail, fracturig his skull &l the base. .?r Henry was braking on a tramwhen a heavy wire cable used m unloading the cars of ballast snapped,striking him with such force as toIcnock him off the car. He was rendered unconscious by the blow. Temporary attention was given him until hecould be removed to the W. W. MassieMemorial Hospital in this city, wherean operation was performed Fridayevening by Drs. Fithian & Daughertyand Dr. William Kenney. The pressure of the skull .against, the bram wasrelieved. . .While in a very serious condition,the physicians of Mr. Henry entertaina slight hope, for his recovery. Heis resting as easily as could be expected under the circumstances.Mr Henry resides on Cypress streetia this cltr nd is married, his wife'hem Miss Evelyn Hickman, of Cyn-tkiaa. Messrs. Holt and HoustonSiwy. of Paris, are brothers of theiftO70.0LoPERSONALMrs. S. S. Ardery and daughter,Miss Margaret Ardery, are sojourningat Torrent.Mr. William Kanp nnri istr "MiceKatie, leave to-day for a ten-days' stayat Swango Springs.Miss Heurietta Lockhart, of Newport, Ky., is visiting relatives in Parisand Bourbon county.Mr. John Kane has returned froma weeks' stay in Cincinnati attendingthe Moose convention.Miss Jennie Howard left Fridayfor Washington. D. C., to visit her sister, Miss Julia Howard.Miss Mary Pruse and Mr. Jos.Pruse, and Miss Nellye Penn, of Newport, were guests Sunday of Miss MaryJoseph Welsh and sisters.Mrs. Evelyn Buck has returnedfrom a visit to her son, Mr. LucienBuck, at Rochester, N. Y.Mrs. John Yerkes and little son,Billy, have returned from Winchester, where they visited friends.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Saloshin, vofCincinnati, spent Sunday writh- thefamily of Mr. Louis Saloshin, on Pleasant street.Mrs. J. D. Burnaugh, Mrs. W. R.Scott and Mr. Miller Burnaugh attended a dinner at the Country ClubSaturday evening.Miss Grace Haskins, stenographerfor Judge Dundon, left Sunday to visitrelatives and friends fn Hopkinsvill,Ky., and Clarksburg, Tenn.Mrs. Ormond Somerville anddaughter, Miss Elizabeth, and son, Ormond Somerville, Jr., of Montgomery,Ala., are guests of Mrs. J. T. Vansant.Mr. W. S. Arnsparger, after spending a"few days with his parents on hisreturn from his vacation in the East,returned to his home in Eaton, Ga.,Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. Joseph B. Bordersand daughter, Isobel, and Mr. GeorgeLizer, of Columbus, O., were the guestsyesterday of Mr. and Mrs. SwiftChamp. The party came through inMr. Borders' automobile, enroute toBardstown.Mr. Robert At Rose, chief clerk inthe master mechanic's office of the L.& N., mother, Mrs. Mary Rose and sister, Miss Jessie, left Monday afternoonfor a visit to Mrs. Rose's brother,Russell A. King, in Philadelphia. Before returning they expect to visitNew York and Atlantic City, stoppingover in Washington, D. C., enroutehome. They will be gone about twoweeks.RUFUS HADDEN WINSSTATE SENATORSHIP.Reports from the counties of Montgomery, Clark and Bourbon, comprising the twenty-eighth Senatorial district, indicate that Rufus Hadden, ofMt. Sterling, has received the nomination for State Senator, by a maajority of 17 votes. The total vote bycounties is as follows: MontgomeryHadden 608, Clay 1,124. BourbonHadden, 1,316, Clay 1,022. ClarkHadden 1,383, Clay 1,144. Total forHadden, 3,307, for Clay, 3,290.Special prices onFurniture, 3ce CreamFreezers and PorchShades. Old HickoryFurniture goes atcost.tf E. M. WHEELER,ASHLAND MAN ELOPESWITH FRANKFORT GIRL.A dispatch from Frankfort Saturdaysaid: The only trace of Miss SarahE. Kenney and Ed. Brandeis, a store-keeper-gauger,who eloped in an automobile here Friday afternoon, is thatthey got out of the machine near theSouthern depot at Lexington. MissKenney's parents have heard nothingfrom them.Miss Sarah E. Kenney is a daughterfo Thomas E, Kenney, Vice-Presidentof the Basil E. Kenney LunmberCompany, and is aged 17 years.Brandis came to Frankfort under assignment of the Collector of Internalof Thomas E. Kenney, Vice-JresidentRevenue for this -district last winter,and soon the couple became fastfriends. Opposition to Brandis developed in the Kenney family, it is said,and an attempt was made to break upthe friendship. Events proved, however, that the opposition of the girl's parents only served to strengthen theardor of the young man.Brandis' home is at Ashland. Hehas made many friends since his assignment to the Frankfort district andIs widely known.Mr. Brandis is well known in Paris,wrhere he was engaged for severalmonths as a gauger at the Paris Distilling Co. He has many friends inthis city.FIELD OF HAY ISDESTROYED BY FIRE.Lafe Ardery, whose farm is on theLexington pike, had a valuable fieldof hay destroyed "by fire one day lastweek, the fire being caused in an unusual and peculiar way. During thestorm of July 19, a large tree nearMr. Ardery's home was blown downand it was discovered that a swaarmof bees had settled in the top of it.A tenant on the place attempted tosmoke the bees out by lighting -abunch of hay under the tree.The consequences was that the firespread from the tree to the entirefield destroying almost twenty acresof good hay, entailing considerableloss to the owner.MASTER SELLS RESIDENCEPROPERTY AND LAND.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney (made thefollowing sales Monday at the courts!house door for Master commissionerC. A. McMillan. The Bailey Arklehouse on Second street, to B. F. Laugh-lin for $1,780. The G. T. Munsonhouse and small tract of land in Buddies Mills to -James McClure for $1,006 The Horace Linville land nearMillersburg to Miss Ora Cook for $900.W IITHREE Fl RSI -CLASS-..1BERS EMPLOYED.Buck Freeman, the old reliable barber, Main street, opposite JLhe courthouse, now has three first-class barbers. No waits.' Get Buck's coal oilshampoo, guaranteed, to stop hair fromfalling and a sure cure for dandruff.The largest bath tub in Paris. tfA CARD.To our Patrons and Friends:Bourbon College will open on Sept.9, and we earnestly desire the cooperation of our patrons and friends. Wehave secured the services of Miss Louise Warford as Assistant Lady Principal. Miss Warford was at HamiltonCollege several years and she wasLady Principal of Campbell-HagermanCollege for nine years. She is wellknown as a successful teacher.We wish to express our heartfeltthanks for the sympathy and kindnessshown us by our students and the entire community in our recent sorrowand loss.We also desire to thank our friendsfor past favors and will appreciateyour future patronage.MRS. M. G. THOMSON.WARNING TO HUNTERS.Before going dove hunting, be sureyou have your hunting license, or prosecutions will follow.GEO. M. HILL,Warden.ATTRACTIVE PROGRAMFOR LAST DAY OF THE FAIR.Never before has there been offereda premium list more attractive for thelast day of the Bourbon Fair, whichbegins August 19th. Varying fromtheu sual custom, many of the bestpremiums have been reserved for thefinal day. This includes the ring forroadsters for harness sweepstakes forroadsters, the New York saddle classand draft horses. The final awards forthe highest score in the Baby HealthExhibit will be made on the last dayof the fair. 29-tfNOTICE .There will be a imeeting of the Democratic County Committee, at 3 p. m.on Thursday, August 7, 1913.W. D. McINTYRE,Chairman.All persons knowing themselves indebted to the estate of J. H. Linville,deceased, will please come and settlesame at once; also those having claimsagainst said estate will please presentthem, properly proven as prescribedby law, to undersigned.W. V. HUFFMAN,Administrator J. II. Linville.PES!STRAWS SALE.As administrator of J. H. Linville,deceased, I will offer for sale at publicauction, on the home farm, at Millersburg, Ky., onSept. 3, mi at 10 A. M.the following property:2 full bed room suites;1 chamber set and lot of other furniture, such as carpets, rugs, tables,chairs, mattresses and bed steads andmatting, kitchen and dining room furniture ;Lot of enameled ware;Lot of milk crocks and pans;2 clocks;1 sewing machine;Lot of bedding, blankets, pillows,etc.;Half dozen brooms;1 lot stone jars;1 lot glass jars;1 wash machine;Lot old iron;X1 step ladder; ' -1 iron kettle; !' .1 lawn mower;1 lot tools;2 breaking plows;1 double-shovel plow; ,1 tobacco plow; ?1 no-top buggy; .1 rubber tire buggy; . J '1 two-horse wagons;1 sled and 1 log chain; ;1 roller;1 Frazier cart;3 hog troughs;4 hog houses;1 gasoline engine and corn mill;1 clipping machine;6,000 tobacco sticks;1 transplanter;1 seed sower; ,1 one-horse drill;1 grind stone; '"' .1 saddle and bridle;1 set cart harness;1 post-hole digger;1 A tooth harrow;1 disc harrow; !3 sows and 15 pigs;3 red sows in pig;1 three-year old mare;1 yearling colt; f '1-aged mare;1 two- year old gelding;1 Jersey cow and calf;1 six-year old Jersey cow;1 spotted Jersey cow;1 cow and weanling calf;1 lot old corn;1 red calf;5 yearling steers;4 heifers; ' " '"19 ewes and one buck;1 reaper;1 corn crusher.;1 Ross cutting box;1 acre cow peas;One-half interest in 6 acres tobacco;14 acres of corn;One-half interest in 20 acres corn;A lot of clover and timothy hay;A lot of other farming implements.TERMS All amounts under $20.00cash; over that amount negotiablenote, with interest at rate of 6 percent, payable in six monthB.1 W. V. HUFFMAN,Administrator, jGEO? D. SPEAKES, Auct. (5-td) jciiiwgifA01SUMMER COLDSrapidly reduce human strengthand illness is easily contracted,but Scott s Emulsion willpromptly relieve the cold andupbuild your strength toprevent sickness. vScott & Bowne vBLOOMFIELD. N. J. 13-2QIt's the Little Intimate, EverydayHome Scenesthat make up thehome story wewould like to keep.The Kodak will keepjust that picture foryou. The takingwill be fun in itself.DAUGHERTYBROS.J. T.t&FIRSTFrSt3T l5T 33 E&5TfeS EJ. T.MIMlWlWood MantelsenIOur Lame StockMust Be Reduced. tiSo we will give the prices another2 big'cut. Come while have your size. 2Prices on All Summer FabricsReduced.Big cut on Dress. Linens, Lawns,Wash Goods, Etc. I9 A W4 ""-- 1 t( TT. . .TZiSJrLUiiTo make room for our Fall Stock,we have reduced pur entire stock ofMien's, Women's and Children's LowShoes.This Sale Begins August 6 andLasts 10 Days.iNothing charged at cut prices.Geo. Mc Williams,L Phones 301 , The Shoe Man ftmmmmmmmmammmmmimmmmammmHINT0NGreat BargainsINWALLPAPERCOME, TIRfeT SERVED, -Vvu'.NO DAMAGED GOODSsaves you MoneyUndertaking1mIof ShirtWaists fItun..,."1fr.Vnttri.Hi-.IM!a' ' 9Ambulance'A.UJ&$'I'uI!.iw1 1fKVvj1M. -jBWttlN voJL-segfcfagsfcMaTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 5 19J3.t11 ;n)sri ti(I?I !Kf i0 J;:'HiItS31ViaswttmrmmwKjob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!TRE J9B R0OfflS OFTHEBHRB0NNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS, tCARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Qur type is new and modernfaces.ZU Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.ftWiWaUiUUMUSA State Wide InvitationMonster Barbecue to Be Given by J. N. Camdenat Versailles, Aug, 20, 1913THIS meeting of farmers and their friends who are interested in the agricultural advancement of Kentucky is to be held that every one in thestate may become acquainted and "rub elbows" with his neighbors andfriends. It is to be a great farmers' convention, a place where, besidesthe "getting together," there will be speakers who really have something tosay t,o the men who get their living from the soil.In the past a barbecue, with its huge joints of smoking juicy meat and itsbubbling steaming burgoo, meant political speechmaking and a warming ofparty spirit This immense barbecue is a definite effort to give the farmers ofthe state a chance to meet and get acquainted and to Kearsome of the strongest speakers in the whole country discuss vital farm questions. These speakerswill be brought to the meeting from the north, south, east and west, and, asthey are to be limited to thirty minutes each, they will be sure to send theirmessages home in quick, short sentences. The list of speakers is about com-WHERE THE BAEBECUE WILL BE HELD.pleted and will be given in full in the next article, which will be publishedsoon. Kentucky is thoroughly aroused educationally, and this meeting is anoutgrowth of this great wave of enthusiasm.When your correspondent visited the Camden farm, just outside of Versailles, a few days ago he was shown the various points of interest that thevisitor might wish to inspect Competent men will be in charge of each farmdepartment so that questions by visitors may be answered quickly.In visiting the dairy barn, with its carefully selected herd of seventy-fiveJerseys, it was pleasing to note that the barn had originally been used forJ. N, CAMDEN.Versailles. Kentucky. ,TO THE FARICERS 0F KENTUCKYFor a quarter of a century the" great problemsbiT'.manufacturing and of transportation have been handled,upon the advice of experts --men whose accurate andscientific knowledge extends to the minutest points.'In the past few years able men have realizedthat farming could be put upon the same basis--thatinstead of being of necessity a haphazard enterpriseit is one of the most scientific businesses in theworld that it may be as accurate and as reliable asthose processes of nature upon wiich it depends.It has been realized 'al so,"1 t.hat the principlesof co-operation which have worked out such greatthings in the industrial world, may be used withequal effectiveness in the recdras of agriculture.To aidprincipleswork, and oKentucky .With tfashioned bVersailles,aim to havecussed by sthe countryfresh impetwhich is alin the rapid spread of these ideas andseems to me to be a most useful and noblene in which I would gladly have a part .. in.lis thoughtT"! have decided to give and "old ;arbecue at my home in Woodford County, near'on Wednesday, August 20th. It will be mymatters along the lines I indicated disome of the great agricultural experts of, and it will be my hope that this may giveus to the work in Kentucky for the x farmersready so well begun.Every Farmer 7" and every farmer's wife,"-and every'one Interested in better farming, in the state whofeels an interest in Increasing the rewards of agriculture, and in bettering the conditions of farm life,:io"most cordially and urgently invited to be my guest nAugust 20th. This invitation is given injthe spiritof good fellowship, and the desire to helpandall'whoaccept-titwmbe most warmly welcomed..Very sincerely,yljgasiDESTINED TO HELP FEED THE HUNGRY' CROWD.at the farm on the day of the barbecue. In one end of this pasture there Is aperfect amphitheater for seating those who wish to hear the speakers and theband concert which is to be provided.Things are happening in our dear old state better schools are building,better roads are being laid, Chautauqua meetings for farmers are developing,and now a barbecue to which an invitation is giver, to each and every personwho believes in the welfare and the future of the agriculture of the state la anassured fact " Men of vision are dreaming of a new Kentucky a twentiethppnturv Kentucky and all the agencies mentioned are bringing the drewcloser each day. Dreams do1 come true. , ."$.nippniiljJin,nTSrilMW$"Thank Duke'sMixture for Them"UHHR8"Rverv member of vour family will atmre-ciate the many handsome, useful presents youcan get free with the coupons now packed inIjjCt??fyu'mf " I l1SuM.3IsDuke's Mixture is one of the big favorite brands forboth pipe and cigarettes. Men everywhere prefer it because of its true natural tobacco taste. Duke's Mixtureis simply the choice leaves of fine Virginia and NorthCarolina bright leaf thoroughly aged, stemmed andcrumbled. It's impossible to get a purer smoke or amore likeable one than this mild, rich, fragrant Liggett$ 'Myers Duke's Mixture.One and a half ounces of this choice granulatedtobacco cost only 5c and with each sack you get a bookof cigarette papers FREE.The Presents are FREEThey do not cost you one penny. In each 5c sack ofLiggett 8? Myers Duke's Mixture we now pack a freepresent coupon. With these coupons you can get anyarticle described in our newillustrated catalogue of presents. As a special orrer,we will give you thiscatalog absolutelyFREE, Simply send nsyour name and address.This offer expires December81, 1913.Coupons from DUKE'S MIXTURE m&ybe assorted with Tazs from HORSESHOE, J. T., TINSLEY'S NATURALLEAF, GRANGER TWIST and couponsfrom FOUR ROSES ( lOc-tin double coupon). PICK PLUG CUT. PIEDMONTCIGARETTES. CUX CIGARETTES.and other tazs and coupons issued by usPremium DepLv rrrj?.ur ,m $gZ&3S&&HezmSLW X?e?!?S'!VBTB&YiraiSto I ..? im '"" 1mmmMm&mmm111 U I lit I kill 1 1U iinji iBT..nlMHCMBfc0&jxXtfCujtAO voGaeoo'Gai.ST. LOUIS, MO.sxsxaS3Sm4iihousing tobacco. It was not a show barn at all, but a thoroughly sanitarybarn, with the emphasis on the cow end of the enterprise. Out in the woods'pasture there were several bunches of fine sleek steers, some of which weredestined to help feed the hungry crowd on Aug. 20.The woods pasture, with its giant oaks, poplars, walnuts and stately elms,is an ideal place to handle the 30,000 people who are expected to be the guestsCourtfng'Time.In Bunnah the hours between eighto'clock and midnight are "Loo-byo-lai-thee-kala,"or courting time.Judging by the Dogs."Don't you think a woman's appreciation of beauty is greater than aman's?" "No," replied Mr. Growcher;"not if you judge by the dogs theymake pets of."Long Distance in Short Jaunt.Taking cognizance of the variousimovements of the earth, a person tak-J'ing a three-mile stroll has traveled85,255 miles. ;. iITemperament.Temperament is loving a man beHcause you hate him and laughing be-cause you are crying about it. Judge JL. 5c N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT MAY 4, 1913Trains ArriveNo. FROM34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5.21 am134 Lexington, Ky., Daily 5:18am.-29 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.35 am7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.40 am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.22 am37 Cincinnati, O., Deily 9.50 am.3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 am12 Lexington, Kv Daily 10.35 am33 Cincinnati, G. Daily 10.24 an26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 m25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pm-9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmr138 Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.33 pm38 Knoxvillej Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pmx5 Maysville, Ky. , Daily 5.35 pm39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pm-30 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6,06 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 am,-32 Jacksonville. Fla., Daily 6.18; pm.J u.iitji, O., Daily 10:50 pm'Trains IDe-peirt ;No. TO ' .34 Cincinnati. O., Daily -. 5.28 an4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 am29 Lexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.47am40 Cincinnati, O., DailyExcept Sunday 7.50 am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.50 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily 1 , .9.57-am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 am-33 Jacksonville, Fla. , Daily 10.20lam133 'Lexington, Ky., Daily 10.29 am6 Maysville. K., Daily 12.05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday v 12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .1 3.33 pm '38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.4o pnr9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.56 pm-39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.5S pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.23 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.20 pm.30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ? 6.35 pm-,31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.55 pm31 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57-pm-,VIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trains jrriveNo. FROM , '2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily ExceptiSunda 7.44f am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3:30 pm8 Louisville & JFrankf ort, Daily Except Sunday 5:450pm.Trains IDe:pa,rt! . -No. TO U&t37 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday .. .44aiF1 F ahkfort. Kv. Dailv Excenfc Snndav . .-WoTkataWw .I.1'1T.'Prankfort, Ky DailyJSxcept Sud3v ;. .- t. . . . . lXex j.5jflg''. - - L -' :"VT-,.3. '-1 m 1 1i.MW mm', !". tijy g-4t-Tu.W " W m '!THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.'," AUGUST'S 1913:t: twc:H- ! g. r u r m-"- TW. N. BarklevITS Hffl HEALTH.Mrs. W. N. BarklevTHE FAVORITEWoman's Exchange & Cafe112 N. Upper Street,"Refined Women Give This Lexington, Kentuckythe PreferenceThe easiest way to keep your hair-youthful-looking, to prevent it fromturning grey, is to use Hays HairHealth It gives absolute satisfactionand a few applications will restore nat- 'ural color, give vitality to grey andfaded hair and remove all traces oDandruff. Beautiful natural colored,youthful-looking hair, more than anything else, contributes to a woman'sgood looks.Hay's Hair Health is keeping thou- ,ands of women's hair glossy, naturalcolored and beautiful. You'll neverregretgbuying it when you see the difference it makes in your appearance.Free: Sign this adv. and take it to thefollowing druggists and get a 50c. bot- .tie of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c. 'cake of Harfina Soap, for 50c; or 1.00bottle of Hay's Hair Health and two25c. cakes of Hprfina Soap Free, for ?1,L. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky...Home-made Cakes, Breads, Pies, Gindies, Croquetts, Salads, Pickles, ChowChow, Ftc, received fresh daily.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Supper; also lunches and short orders at allhours with the best the jnarket affords.(28mar6mo)per FARM LOANS!cent. $1,000 to $100,000W. KING & SON,125 Cheapside. Lexington, Ky.EXERCISE!' CUTWiWl .Abe in -but ..-&9rprmm& -j3at7afcs 1 roofingafliMi&a3-j-l "TyimEilbr' ft l,iFJi -Wiiui r((frfrabo .-"v- twH .&V ' '. ft 7l SrF ..M iW "'-" ' " 1A person leading a quiet, sedentary life is healthy only by accl- 'dent, unless he makes up fcr by ja little vigorous, open air exercise, cram a locomotive tire-ooxwith coal, without removing thecinders, and the engine will becomeso clogged as not to work properly, The body is exactly like alocomotive; if it is not exercised,the waste products accumulate andthe result is disease. Moreover, judicious exercise shakes up the organs of the body and increasestheir activity; it keeps the musclesin condition to meet the extraordinary emergencies which may cometo any of us; and, if taken heartil,diverts the mind from its ordinarycares and lets a man return withnew vigor and refreshed spirits tohis tasks.Ninety per cent of the womenwho bother the doctors with allsorts of more or less vague complaints, need nothing but a loosedress, a hoe and a garden.Kentucky Tuberculosis Commission.Truck Replaced Tbre Teamsn'lKliIr5r 1HHHBMh4Is 4B .irHHr f9999m8SBfl99mB9lAJJhc999m9mLiy9c9lSSffii- IP EZ3lVBKtt?MH?"ivRk!lKSUNSHINE!the Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important in thehome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by Retting the oil that burnsclear and clean without a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Coats no more than the inferiortankwagon oils saves MONEY savesWORK saves eyes.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Giias. C. Stoll Oil Co.No matter whether the thermometerThe Italians have a saying, vyvherethe sunlight is shut out, the doctor islet in." Fire, steam and a few nower-, ful chemicals are the only things thatj will kill disease germs as quickly as! sunlight. The germ in the spit of aconsumptive, exposed to the glare ofthe July sun for an hour or two, aredead or harmless. Nor is the sun-Lexington, Ky.B Refinery at Warren, Fa. IWe sell the celebrated "No Carb" Bm Auto Oil. Bregisters 105 above or 25 below zero, j shine any more friendly to the othertiny enemies of mankind. Consequently, leave your windows and shuttersopen for the fresh air and sunshineseveral hours every day. If you areafraid it is going to fade the carpet,take up the carpet. Bare floors arecleaner and consequently more health-Amalgamated Arc Roofingcan't be affected a particle.No matter the curves or valleys ofyour roof you need no tin to coverthem, for Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGIS very pname. It is tne Perfect Koofvig, ful any way. instead of carpets useand the insurance rate is no higher than ns d frequently expose them towhen slate or metal is used. 1 lhe ai Rd sunshine Give thee authorize our agents to refund the money . , , . , ,. ,if our Roofing is not perfectly satisfactory. fresh air and sunshine as much accessrT4---.-. nrtAT7TM -. , 1 to your whole body as possible. Exer-ivirt.LiV4.iYi. jl .bj nuurinu w i . , -,.,.,, .cise out ot aoors aany, wiin garmenisno heavier than necessary. The freshair and sunshine, as well as the exercise, will stimulate the action of the! skin in throwing off the waste products of the body.Kentucky Tuberculosis Commission.Chicago, IllinoisSold by Millersburg Coal andLumber Co.,tVIiflersburg, Ky.(Iis Margaret K. Caderi,210 Main Street, Lexington, Ky.Special Display of. . . Summer Hats . .Moderate PricesPLACARDED!0999WWW999MW999fWMM9W99V- smmmmmmm.'a99M.-9-9'9999Be i B1 1111 IifBA. M. Caden210W. Main St.,LEXINGTON, KY.0La Fro$1.50 up.Do the women inyour city knowwe specialize inLA FROThe Perfect FrontLaced Corset?When the physicians says "ScarletFever!" or "Diphtheria!" and a colored card is "put on your front door, andyou are not allowed to go out, andonly the doctor can go back and forth,don't think that all this disturbance is:i useless, ana mieiiaea simpiy 10 mi tne, pocketbooks of the doctors. Thesegerm diseases are spread in ways so! infinitely delicate that it is hard forj us to understand them. More oftenj than not too little rather than tooiifVi yOTrt. 5o nvnrnien1 T 4-Vi- !-- ti -lJaJ.UVsI.1. sCLL O lO tiAtl LrlOCU 1. Lilt? UJ XZldischarges of a typhoid patient are notthoroughly disinfected by formaldehyde, quicklime, or otherchemicals before being thrown out, itis perfectly possible for the germs tobe carried in water under ground, orby flies through the air, for a longdistance, to infect other people. Thegerms of scarlet fever may live in theclothes of the victims and monthslater infect the person who chancesto handle them. When the doctors'precautions bother you, remember thatthe ignorance, carelessness or obstinacy of some one else is responsible for the disease in your family, andco-operate with your doctor!Kentucky Tuberculosis Commission.In eleven months this three-ton KisselKar Truck covered in actual service4,760 miles at a fuel cost of $1.08 per day. Manned by a driver and one helper,it replaced three teams of horses. The average daily burden wlf 37 17.20thstons. It carried an average load of four tons one ton overload but in the entire period named, was laid up only two and one-half hours for repairs."We can Recommend the KisselKar Truck and assure that it lives up to itsguarantee," writes Thomas-E. Fleischer, manager of the Sheboygan Lime Works.Two and one-half hours for repairs, carrying over 37 tons per day is a record worthyof notice. KisselKar Trucks cost little to maintain and are economical to operate becausethe problem is solved in KisselKar construction..Note these striking KisselKar features Simpls engine easy to operate reserve powerexcess capacity differential lock preventing one drive wheel absorbing all the power onslippery places, and stalling the truck four speed transmitters geared up fourth speedpermitting high speed when desired without racing engine ; 15 to 20 per cent, lower fuelconsumption than average trucks light spring suspension for power plant, heavy springsuspension for load gauge that weighs load greatest accessibility easy control largerbrake drums, and extra powerful brakes special bodies designed to meet every need.ufiSselJCar vrucko1 500 lbs.-1 -2-3-4 and 5 TonsIn the range of capacity, 1500 lbs. to 5 tons, you can find just the type that fills yourrequirements and with the KisselKar Truck goes the KisselKar Service, which is themauufacturer's guarantee of satisfaction.KisselKar Service means taking off your hands all of the mechanical details.A special service building is maintained in this city for the benefit of KisselKar owners.The KisselKar service is a broad and comprehensive arrangement between manufacturer andowners that cares for the car, maintains efficiency, retards depreciation and minimizes upkeep. This service is a valuable consideration in the purchase of a power wagon. Investigate it.Ask us to analyze your present horse haulage ss compared to motor haulage. The result will be interesting.Send for free bookshoving KisselKar Trucks in actual use in your line and many otherlines of business.The following Lanes of business Have Recentlybought Kisscl-Kar TrucksIron and Steel, Lumber, Textile, Milling, Giocery, Dry Goods, Dairy, Furniture, Fruit, Commission, Transfer, Bus, Hotel, Caterer. Brewery, Building Supplies, Contracting, Plumbing, Canning, Oil, Telephone,laundry, Bakery, Confectionery, Ice, Coal, Farming, Hardware, Ice Cream, Creamery, Produce, Crockery, Undertaking and to municipalities in Fire, Health and Police departments. We make them to suit theneeds of any business.O.I PhcmmPhone 21 05.R. HUKLE,513 West Main Street, Lexington, Ky.S Pans Odorless Cleaning Co.Men's and Ladies' Suits Cleaned,Pressed and Repaired.Ladies' Serge White Suits and Fancy Silks; our specialty.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryrMiMr. Kentucky FarmerIf we told vou of a cron which brouo-ht a cash incomepowerful , jie year aroundf made the soil richer every year and required noskilled labor to handle it,Wouldn't That Be The Crop For You?You have this opportunity. The Tri-State Butter Company,Cincinnati. Ohio, will buy your cream the year around, pay spotcash for every shipment and give you a market that is responsible,safe and permanent, and proven so to more than 5,000 shippers.No skilled labor is required to ship cream. Separate the milk,ship when convenient to you twice a week in the summer seasonand not quite so often in the winter time.Every cow will pay cash for what she eats, yielding a revenueof from $50.00 to $90.00 per year, besides adding $25.00 worth offertility to your soil.Ship your cream to-day, or write for free trial cans. ' ,The Tri-State Butter Company,Cincinnati, Ohio.M. A. CAHAL.Barber Shop.jRrst-CIass Workmen.Polite and Prompt Attentionto All.Hot and Cold BathsWe Thank You For a Share ofYour Patronage.Pony For Sale.Extra nice Shetland pony, gentle fo;children. Broke to ride and drim.He is a two-year-old and a well madfanimal. The price is right.L. T .LILLESTOHT,july3-3t Paris, Ky.MZiS rn 1 T?l discouraged;rr uil yw. -i-.i. colconfused, nevous, tired, worried or despondent it is asure sign you need MOTT'S NERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normtil vigor andmake life worth living. Be sore and ask foejMott's Nerverine Pills 1j WILJ !M5 Mpr;. ro . p-- . n 1- ofamCapital Stock $75,000. ,L. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky...,Jy ? F3W49MS9m9a9mKM - i-' 1WMMmSmmm9m999miiilHlll;' :--Men's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblocked to your satisfaction.e Call For and Deliver ork.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, "short, 10c; long 25c."Pittsburgh Perfect" Fence YTHE LAST OF THE FAMILY.Out of thirty-two members of threegenerations of this rural Kentuckyfamily, this one survives. At leastsixteen died of consumption, all inthe same house. There was no money to give them adequate care. Acounty tuberculosis hospital, whichcould have cared for the first casesand prevented the infection of theiothers, might have saved severallives inv this one family.Put it up Right, and you'll get DoubleEfficiency, Long Life, Economy, SatisfactionIt's no trick at all to erect "Pittsburgh No bagging or sagging, no slippingPerfect" just follow the directions in stays, no buckling up when stringingour catalogue. Pittsburgh Perfect" -. 0. rtf. ,.. t..,...w- ,,.- ...:4 . , x y on account ot long ana snort wires,goes up without a hitch, over the most , , fi -5 , .ing-cost when you buy fence. It is aserious problem for some, but "Pittsburgh Perfect" users smile.I Every Rod GuaranteedAsk your dealer for "Pittsburgh Perfect" and insist on his furnishing it. Do not allow him to persuadeyou that some other fence is just as good. If he doesn't sell it, write us direct.uneven ground as easily as on level land.The secret's in the Weld. It costs lessto string "Pittsburgh Perfect" because ittakes- less time than any other fence.Made in Different Style for HELD, FARM, RANCH, LAWNCHICKEN. POULTRY and RABBIT YARD and GARDEN"Pittsburgh Perfect" Brand of Barbed Wire:Bright. Annealed & Galvanized Wire; TwittedCable Wire; Hard Spring Coil Wire; FenceStaples; Poultry Netting Staples; Regular WireNails; Galvanized Wire Nail; Large HeadRoofing Nails; Single Loop Bale Ties; "Pittsburgh. Perfect" Fencing. All made of OpHearth material.If you are interested in Wire Fencing, writefor FREE copy of our ALMANAC, 1M3Pittsburgh Steel Co.Pittsburg h, PnnylvaniaW JffL ?'Bv MvI,njH-tnHBBBi "" -v 1571HL BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 5, 1913- VvLIfIiiNEWS OF MILLERSBOfiVJurs. Frankio Collins is improving.Mrs. Clara Shanks and Mr. John-3Iock continue about the same.. Mr. S. K. Proctor, of Batava, O.,.visited friends here Saturday and Sunday .' Mr. G. W. Judy, of Lexington, was'the .guest of his brother, Mr. T. D.Judy, Saturday. vMr. F. A. Mulligan and family, ofiMerrietta, O., vare giiests of Rev. andAirs. J. D. Reed.Mr. Allen Ingels left Friday for aiew days visit to Miss McGlasson,' atXiSvistown, Mo.Mr. M. M. Thompson has returned after a two-weeks' visit to relatives-at Lebanon, Va.Mrs. Mary Peed, of Mayslick, wasthe guest of Mr. J. J. Peed and family,Thursday and Friday.v Mr. Wadell Beeding, of Lexington,"arrived Saturday as the guest of hisuncle. Mayor W. D. WadeM.Mrs. James Stevens, of Pans,f was the guest of her daughter, Mrs. J.II. Burroughs, Friday and Saturday.. Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Webb, of"Brown's Station, arrived Saturday as' .guests of tkeir daughter, Mrs. Leslie"Bryan.Miss Eva Baldwin left Saturdayfqr .her home at Maysville, after atwo-weeks' visit to her aUnt, Mrs. E.H. Kerr..' Quite a number from here attencUJgd a reception given by Mrs. Harry;Letton at her home at Carlisle Thursday afernoon.' Mrs. W. G. Dailey was taken to"St Joseph Hospital, Lexington, Friday,:for treatment. For the past severaldays she has not been so well.Mies Mary Taylor and sister, Mrs.S. H. Creighkm and little son, MasterTaylor Crighton, returned Saturday,after a vreeks' visit to Mrs. K. B.Huthchiiigs, of Lexington.Mr. E. M. Neal, of the ConfederateIHome, at Pewee Valley, was the guestof his wife and son, Mrs. Jennie Nealand Mr. B. A. Neal, from Thursdayuntil Monday.Mr. Joe McCbnnell, of the StateGuards, Arkansas, -was the guest ofMs brother, Mr. Aaron McConnell,Thursday night. He was enroute tothe home of his parents, Mr. and Mrs.IV. T. McConnell, of Mt. Olivet.The primary election passed offquietly here Saturday, and it wajs notnntil after the polls had closed in theafteraoon that any interest was awakened. A good vote was gotten out,though the strength of the party wasnot polled.Anyone in the .market for anideal home should attend the publicsale of the Joe W. Mock property onSaturday, August 16th, at 2 o'clock.The place contains 8.62 acres of fineland, all in old blue grass sod; largebrick residence, outbuildings, all ingood repair; two cisterns, shade treessplendid young orchard. tds . :ih'tv4"M'$yvvE. B. JANUARY,Re-nominated for Police Judge of Paris.DEATHS AND FUNERALSHANEY.Mr. Raymond Haney, aged about-twenty-three years, ar nephew of Mr.Hatfield Bappert, of this city, diedFriday afternoon at the home of hisparents, in Cincinati, after a lingering Illness due to heart trouble.Mr. Bappert and Mr. George Determan, who is a cousin of Mr. Haney,attended the funeral which was heldyesterday in Cincinnati.KENNEY.Mr. Richard Kenney, aged sixtyeight years, died at his home inWichita, Kan., after a long illness.Mr. Kenney was a native of BourbonCounty, and was a son of the lateVictor M. Kenney. About thirtyyears ago he moved to Texas, thenceto Oklahoma, and later to "Wichita.He was a prominent citizen duringhis residence in Paris, serving at different times as a member of the City.Council, County Surveyor, Sheriff andDeputy Sheriff. Mr. Kenney is survived by his wife, who was Miss Bettie Stone, of Fayette County, andthree children, Miss Pauline Kenneyand Messrs. Victor and Richard M.Kenney, Jr. He was a half-brother ofMrs. D. M. Dodge and Mr. Millard ,F.Kenney, of Paris, and Mr. Joseph B.Kenney, of Lexington.BIRTHSBorn To the wife of Spears Pendleton, on Saturday, a 10-pound daughter.That1 the "second of August" is not"the last of January" and that thepolice court official whose likeness appears above has lost none of his sprinting qualities, was never before moreclearly demonstrated than on Saturdaywhen Judge January defeated a fieldof three for the nomination. OpposingJudge January were Messrs. R. S. Porter, L. Grinnan and Thomas Holiday.His majority over Mr. Porter was 435;over Mr. Grinnan 533, and Over Mr.Holliday 559. His plurality was 299.On election day Mr. January was at hisplace of business during the time between the opening and closing of thepolls. His friends rallied strong tohis support as attested by the figuresin the taabulation. The expenses ofhis campaign, according to Mr. January amounted to $31.70, which wasincurred through the necessary announcements in the newspapers, candidaate's cards and newspaper notices.PRESENT BEAUTIFUL CHARMTO PROF. GEORGE CHAPMAN.At a meeting of Bourbon Lodge No.23, I. O. O. F. last night Prof. GeorgefW. Chapman, former Superintendentof the Paris City Schools, who willshortly leave forTupele, Miss., tomake his future home, was presentedwith a beautiful watch charm, thegift of the lodge, of which he is a member. The charm was of a beautifuldesign, with a circle of bule enamel inthe center of which was the emblemof the order, with a background ofgold. On the reverse side was engraved, "George W. Chapman, Paris,Ky., 1913." The gift was presented byMr. Perry McCord in a very appropriate speech.SEE BENNIE.John Hauck's draught beer on tap.Wiedemann's, and Mperlein's bottled(beers, old whiskies in bulk and andj bottled in bond. Remember we will be'(dosed Saturday and Sunday. A hinti to the wise. "29-tfB. WEISSBERG.HOW THE TROUBLE STARTS.STRAW HATS COM DOWN.xr.Choice of any straw at half priceJ. W. DAVIS & COConstipation is the cause of manyailments and disorders that make .lifeMiserable. Take Chamberlain's Tablets, keep your bowels regular and youwill avoid these diseases. For sale byall dealers.(August)A CARD OF THANKS.I want to thank all my loyal friendsfor their support and many favorsshown me during the late campaignfor nomination for Coroner.RUDOLPH DAVIS.COUNTY CLERK PATON. ISSUES CARD OF THANKS.I desire to extend my sincere thanksto the voters of Bourbon County fortheir loyal support given me in therace for the office of County Clerk,and to assure all of my deep appreciation of their efforts in my behalf.Very gratefully,PEARCE PATON.FLOUR DOWN PHONE SAUER.Talberta flour, the flour of the hour,is denyn. Call us up for prices.tSAUER'S GROCERY,Opposite Court House.There's a world of satisfaction in buying Uneeda Biscuitbecause you know you willget what you want sodacrackers that are oven-fresh,crisp, clean, appetizing andnourishing.Uneeda Biscuit are always uniformin quality they are always alikein crispness, in flavor tiiey aresoda crackers you can- dependupon. And all because UneedaBiscuit are uncommon soda crackers packed in an uncommon way.Five cents everywhere in themoisture-proof package,NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANYBURLEY MEN WANTTO COMPROMISE.The State Insurance Rating Boardwill meet at Frankfort August 9 to rerate insurance on tobacco. Representatives of the Burley pool called onState Auditor Bosworth and proposedto compromise back tax suits broughtagainst the pool Ja forty-five countiesby State Revenue Agent John Howard. They were told by the Auditorthat he could do nothing now, that thecase is in the hands of the revenueagent and that they would have to dealwith him. The party came to Frankfort in an automobile and returned ttexington. It was composed of Lister Witherspobn, Johnson N. Camden,Jr., of Woodford county; Charles H.Berryman and J. D. Clark and J. S.Walton, of Fayette; Mr. Ferguson, ofBourbon.YOU WILL BE PLEASED.Get shoe satisfaction by traing at(18-tf) FBLD'S.rWHY USEBANNFR DAY WitJLEXCEL FORMER EXHIBITS.Thursday, Aug. 20, the third day ofthe Bourbon County Fair which is usually termed the "banner day" of theweeks' exhibition, will have manydistinct features this year. The ringsfor fine harness geldings, togetherwith the special premium of morethan $100 in the class of fine harnesshorses will furnish an exhibit neverbefore witnessed. In addition to thistherewill be the sweepstakes for saddle horses, .with one of the largestpremiums of the week. 29-tfII August; PEARCE PATON. premiums of the week. 29-tf !I Pels ivlAltlt EJUnrfl llUb dilLE!I DTo-w- G-oine On IIWe Are Compelled To Unload at Once!Our Store in crowded with Summer Footwear and rather than the risk ofcarrying these goods over to next season, we have decided to resort to thisgreat sacrifice sale We are going to make this sale a record breaker.Of course it takes bargains, great, big rousing bargains to bring a crowd,ana this is just what we have to offer. Read the prices that follow:"Hotpoint" Electric IronsMarady, Ready to start work anywhere, any time, bysimply attaching- to electric light, socket.Economical. You use current only when ironing,ajid then not all the time.Labor Saving. No running from stove to ironingboard. No reaching and lifting iron onstand. -TimcSaving. No waiting for iron to heat up. Nostopping. You simply iron and iron.Clean and Cool. No heat or soot or smut. Youcan iron on the porch in summer time, Handle always cool.Efficient. Point always hot, and will iron the heaviest pieces as well as light ironing.Guaranteed for ten years. Costs not over 5chour to operate. Price, $3.50.Phone for one to be sent on trial.anParis Gas &. Electric Co.INCORPORATED00Misses' asid Children's $2.50 values in button okfords and two-straps, patent and Hj Gkgun metal. Mark-down Price P f37Misses' $1 .5f) patent, tan, white and gftn hmetal pumps. Mark-down Price 77Children', $2.00 pumps.Mask-ilown Price$1.39Mn's $4 Oxfrds, tan, patent and gun metal,Walk-Over included. (k !Mark-do wi Price -Whi 5 5Men's $3.50 Oxfords, im patent, gun metaland tan. CCi9 VItflark-dowm Price '-frimT&Men's $3 Oxfords in tan, patent and gun metal.Latest styles."Mark-down Price$1.99Men's $2.50 Oxfords inutton and A CWee. Mar&-down PriceJ p m "Hr7One lot of Men's Oxfords, broken sizes,$2-and $3 values. Mark-down Price.....Infant's and Children's pumps and oxfordcm patent and tan, $1 values, skes 2 to 7 M mMark-down Price 1 nrCLadies' $3 values, all latest style pumps and oxfordsin velvets, satin, tarn and gun metaland white, the very best values 1 GfcCfe- made. Mark-do wn Price ) H 5 5?Misses' barefoot sandals, aH sizes. Now 49c gLadies' $3.50 values, aM popular leathers and fabrics, fa pumps aad oxtords, buttonand lace. Mark-down Price 9 l5 5Ladiei $2 and $2.50 grades two-strap numps andoxterds m velvet and gun metal. j- 99VMark-down PriceLadies' $2 pumps and oxfords in patent, gun metaland white pumps. " 01 Jt 4Mark-down Price I mf5Ladies', white canvas button shoes.Mark-down Price..One lot small sizes ladies' oxfordsMark-down Price -St99cID A- 3ST CO K ES 3ST99c i50c IJ,B..-fme5BE&ammzs.S S Illa l II I M HB r ,1 Yimgsd. wmEmmgm:?426 rwjlIF 1 ONLYvfu i nM iNEYTHEANKNOW'i ,mmmmmmmmmmmmmmfmmmmmmmmmmmgmmmmmmmimammmQUIT THAT GET RICH QUICK' .SPECULATION ..?-''Last year I bad some money saved up," he said, 'andIF I had kept it in the Bank and left it there it would bet&ereNpw, with more adcietf to it. But a stranger came alongwith a enticing scheme and I bit. If I had had any sense Iwould hare asked my BANKER about those good thingsbefore I invested and LOST my money''Make OUR bank YOUR bank 'We pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings:DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.Capital, $100,000.00.j; M. HAUL, President.Surplus, $40,000.00.V9? IVTtPMA. Cashier.h'.rLOKaanwourbonPARIS, KY., AUGUST 5, 1913.It I mm ' mm I I II v A 4PJHPPpSfanHHaHHBHawsft3E2CONTENTSCover Design "Kentucky Nobility"Editorial - ?F -Bragdon & Wadland juyyoutPAGE2 Cx x x x x x xh &ivect fromWthertill.WejnaAeENVELOPESin all sies,shapes andf&shionsComm, ereiahan d Jrficia L.faaeMGroeersBags9MiUmeryBags, bidingHat Bojces,voooa eeo Bagsfbr scrapToohaeco andraper.ecialfies.I7TskU.S. PAPER.GOODS CO.221-235 W. PEARL ST.CINCINNATIOHIO, U . S . A"To Kentucky" - - - - - - - --Agricultural Department Thompson R. BryantI "A Son of Dixie" A. Bart Hortonj A Kentucky Story in Three Parts (Part I)"Elmendorf, the Farm Magnificent" Katharine A. HarrisonDomestic Science Angie S. Kramer -346812EDITORIALTHE first edition of this magazine section, and possibly thenext two or three subsequent editions will be devoted mainlyto Kentucky, and especially to its rural communities. Inaddition to the ordinary and extraordinary features of the usualmagazine section, we propose to assume the duties of an alarmclock, to awaken our readers in the rural sections to the possibilities which they now possess. We have been getting in touch withsome of the best informed agriculturists and agronomists in thecountry, and we propose to give our readers the benefit of theirknowledge and experience. For the present our agricultural department will be edited by Mr. Thompson R. Bryant, who is incharge of that department at the Kentuckj' State University. Mr.Bryant is a young man of great ability in his chosen profession,and the work that he and his department are doing is worthy ofthe highest commendation. If you are a farmer it is possible toincrease your crop products very largely. Many farmers in othersections of the country have been reluctant to admit the value ofthe assistance rendered by State Farm Colleges, but the wonderful results obtained through this medium have proved so indisputable that these doubters have become the most ardent and enthusiastic supporters of the farm college idea. These colleges working in conjunction with the Agricultural Department at Washington, are constantly extending the scope of their work throughexperiments and tests, some of the results of which will be giventhrough this publication.Elmendorf and its wonders are spoken of and illustrated inthis issue. Kentucky may well be proud of the fact that she possesses the finest stock farm in the world. To accomplish thisend Mr. J. B. Haggin has spent a generous fortune, and greatappreciation is due him for his splendid efforts towards the upliftof the agricultural and live stock industries in Kentucky.Several additional features are being prepared for this magazine section, which will appear regularly in the future. Meanwhile, any suggestions and criticisms will be greatly appreciated.The City of Magnificent OpportunityCAN GETEYERYTHIKQQ.smade fie coyrI xESx" design ius&a--fo7sancfeirfsinXXX -Arc Sl)icazz7rjittirs aj- STfien vou wanf prin-inc( z fates ofanvAindeaff.wrie or wre.Brandon ekdlandfor a elassy iob811-816 LYRIC BUILDINGC 1 N C I NN AT lfOfrWe will send you a facsimileof the title page of thismagazine sectioniiTo Kentucky"printed on sepia, on Indiantinted ripple-finished cardboard, suitable for framing,for 10 cents, or hand coloredfor 25 cents. Postage prepaid. Address, The Associated Publishers Company, 501Provident Bank Building,Cincinnati, Ohio.zZz:m0mDon't You Often Need aLight in a Hurry?Not a Luxury, butan Absolute NecessityEspeciallyin Rural HomesELECTRIC Press the button-CI ACUIirUTC Absolutely safe.rLAMlLlbnld A dazzling ligntimmediately. Complete with bestgrade battery and long life tungstenbattery, $0.50 to $2.40. Send forcomplete circular.Opportunity for shipping because of its splendid rail and water iHt JOHNSON ELECTRICfacilities SUPPLY COMPANYOpportunity for manufacturing because of its central location and r c.f , c PIMnixIM . T, nshipping facilities. 232-234 E. Fifth St. CINCINNATI, 0.Opportunity for a home because of its beautiful hilltops and suburbs. ', . . r - i Let us quote you prices on Electric FansThese Opportunities are for You ' and everything in the Electrical LinefctHSyj paJ$K$ cK JPSy um& naV .' M M'Aft- Jr I3 TPfWMSr-E -lzSz & vtBlJWSkWRTHE MONTHLY MAGAZINE5.ornate oT3aee; 0 Great cHate,wnose maternal oosom eraaiecuiHtiimhrraL iTinLn aurt vhnsp uinm(p-w w- ur "v w - r-5 - -w a. ww yr-- r-- r-- w a w y-hand directed $ie course of fkaf sturmestoPinoneers, Darnel Boone, as ke biased iho.vav through Imy -pathless torests to the tii?hTreasures ot emy wondertui fields and valleyhe savage sonfc or the vtlderness, sun? uVK 1 . r a fi I , , . t v ,itWe Yoiee ot Lountles.s Apes, rang withnew nTncvatseoraanT rttie snot ana tne gentler harmony or me ax ana torge. waiKer,ciar tourney,Uoon?? henton, nenderon,ilar rod, jhe I by-tI S 7 1)1 -I J IT- . v 3rgect' Dana-wrote on msxorys pagetshy name.ndrous eolors. (shy noble mllj, teeminguntold treasure?, .simle down upon vhyr- ir i ii fj 1 r ji jjV ratrv rteias wnere xne toct low or rne eaxrie -gfcrowjititf on ike Hue oT?hy fallow meadowyingles with 1:heia enanxs- ny iLst trealned vlhy myiie breatk uvon vomarv.dshets born beautitul; vhou hasttothed;e lonue oi man wttk?hy mate vandand rus speeerx is golden. .'piA . BART HORTON .(X 7; ' &LyTWtyJ ck khHHpS---i!&JIll(31MWM.V VTHE MONTHLY MAGAZINECOLONEL 1""5S5 ' r MAJOlTBy A.Bart HorfoitannIHREE FIFTY for Dixie and her colt;only three fifty for one of the bestbred mares in old Kentucky. Why,gentlemen, the proud blood of 'Hindoo' coursesthrough her veins. The young gentleman inthe corner will say three seventy-five? No?Three fifty-five? Well, that helps, but it's acrying shame."It was a scene so dear to the hearts of theold time farmer, an auction sale, and many ofthe spectators present had known Major Shelbyfrom boyhood, and sorrowed at the waning ofthe Shelby fortunes. Almost the last of hispossessions, his mare Dixie and her year-oldcolt, were to be sold. She was finely bredand had given great promise, but several yearsbefore an accident had rendered her useless forthe race track. Major Shelby had bred her andher dam before her, and the loss of all of hisother possessions had not grieved him as muchas the losing of Dixie. The law and stern creditors had decreed that Dixie must go. Afterthe opening bid the bidding had been confinedto two men, who were strangers to the rest ofthe spectators. One of them was a tall wellbuilt young fellow, who leaned against thecorner of the fence, his Stetson pulled low overhis eyes, and his hands in his pockets, andwhose seeming attitude of indifference was belied by his interest in the bidding. The otherlooked the typical Kentucky horseman, hischecked suit much the worse for wear, andhis broad brimmed hat almost on the point offalling off his head as he snapped back his fivedollar bids. The auctioneer, Tom Pierson, ahorseman and politician of local fame, welcomed every opportunity to exercise his naturalgift as an orator, and while not understandingthe reason for the competition between thesetwo bidders, for in his opinion as a horseman,the present bidding was more than the actualvalue of Dixie and her colt, welcomed it gladlyand used every art known to his wily brain toincrease it."Only three fifty for this fine mare, who hasmany years of usefulness, even if she can't race,before her, and think of the possibilities of hercolt, gentlemen. Ah! Here comes ColonelCastlewain; he's the best judge of horseflesh inthe Blue Grass, and now three fifty will neverbuy Dixie."The spectators all turned to greet the bestloved man in that section, as he drove' up tothe fence-rail, his team of thoroughbreds impatiently tossing their heads at the interruptionto their morning jaunt. Every hat was removed, for seated at the side of the Colonel inhis runabout was his daughter, Jean Castlewain,as much admired as the Colonel was loved."Hello, Tom; how are you all, boys?" wasthe Colonel's greeting to the auctioneer andthe spectators.Tom Pierson stepped down from his box andstarted over to the fence-rail to greet the Colonel. "Glad to see you, Colonel, and most delighted, Miss Jean. We are selling Major Shelby's Dixie and her colt, and I was just tellingthe boys that she's all blue blood, and her coltought to win a Darby.""Yes, indeed, Tom; nothing better bred thanthat colt anywhere. What's the bidding?""Three fifty-five, Colonel. Will you make itthree seventy-five?""No, go ahead; I'll hold my bid in reserve."Tom Pierson stepped back to his box."All right, gentlemen, I have three fifty-fivebid. Three sixty, do you say?"And the man in the checked suit noddedback."And now three sixty-five, my young friend."The young fellow in the corner, who hadremoved his . Stetson as Colonel Castlewaindrove up, resumed his lounging attitude andnodded assent to the auctioneer. As he did sohe observed an almost imperceptible exchangeof nods between his adversary and ColonelCastlewain."Three seventy," said the man in the checkedsuit, and as the bidding went on in five dollarjumps, Colonel Castlewain became interested inthe young fellow in the corner.Charlie Miller, he of the checked suit, wasthere by his instructions to buy the mare, butthe Colonel could not understand why anyoneelse wanted the crippled mare and the untriedcolt."Four hundred I am bid," said Tom. "Keepit up, gentlemen, we'll get her value yet."The Colonel determined to take a hand himself. "Make it five, Tom," he said. ,"Thank you, Colonel. I am bid five hundred." "Five hundred and five," said the young fellow in the corner.Colonel Castlewain jumped from his runabout and walked towards the young fellow, determined to find why he wanted Dixie. As heapproached him the young man removed hisStetson and extended his right hand to theColonel, who stopped for a moment with apuzzled look in his eyes, which gave way toan expression of gladness as he grasped theyoung man's hand. "I believe you are WoodShelby.""Yes, Colonel.""My boy, it's a great, great pleasure to seeyou," and the Colonel turned to the auctioneerand said, "Say, Tom, this sale is over; this isWood Shelby, and the mare and colt are his athis bid.""All right, Colonel. Do I hear any advanceon five hundred and five? Once, twice, threetimes and sold." The auctioneer stepped downfrom his box and walked over to Wood Shelby."I am most glad to meet you, Mr. Shelby, andknow your dear old dad well, and his troublesgripve my heart."Wood Shelby shook the auctioneer's hand,then reached in his pocket and counted out thepurchase money for Dixie."Thank you," said the auctioneer; "your receipt will be sent you, the Colonel witnessesthe payment," then turning to the spectators,who were about to depart, he said, "Now remember, gentlemen, the property will be soldat the courthouse at two o'clock. Good-bye,Colonel. Good-bye, Mr. Shelby; very glad tohave met you, and hope you will remember mekindly to your dad," and he joined the spectators as the' unhitched their various teams anddrove away, with the exception of Miller, ofthe checked suit, who was talking to Jean Castlewain. The Colonel said to Wood Shelby, "Youremember Jean, don't you, Wood? Come overand speak to her," and the two approached therunabout, where Jean Castlewain sat holdingthe reins of the thoroughbreds. "Jean, this isWood Shelby, Harry's friend, and a better friendno boy ever had." Wood Shelby looked at thegirl in astonishment. For the first twenty yearsof his life he had been almost as one of theCastlewain family, and could hardly believe itpossible that the romping little tomboy he hadknown ten years ago could have blossomed intothis beautiful girl, beautiful even when judged bythe Kentucky standard of beauty. Her hair waschestnut brown, with little tendrils blowingabout her white neck, shining like spun gold inthe sunlight. Her blue eyes, beautiful inheritances from her northern mother, were as sapphires in the rich setting of her sweet face.Jean Castlewain regarded Wood Shelby withequal interest. To her he had always beenmore or less of a hero; her memory of himhad been of laughing eyes and mouth, a careless grace of figure, so peculiar to many Kentucky men, and although the gra.ce still remained in his figure, the laughter of the eyesand mouth had grown serious almost to a sadness.THE MONTHLY MAGAZINE,'h"Remember Wood? Remember my big chum?Indeed I do." And the smile of Jean Castlewain, that had thrilled many a youthful heart,grew more tender as she looked down on theman who had been almost a brother to her."When did you return, Wood?" she asked."Last night," he answered."How is your father?""He is much better today. My coming seemedto have braced him up considerably. You knowit has been ten years since I have seen father.He has forgotten the shortcomings of my earlydars, and tells me he's happier than he hasbeen for years. I knew nothing of his misfortune until several days ago. One of bur homeboys works on the ranch in which I am interested in Wyoming, and every week receivesa paper from home. In this paper there wasa notice telling of father's misfortunes and thesale of Dixie and his few remaining possessions. You know that through my boj'ish follies father and 1 had become estranged, so thatI had no means of knowing what had beendone. When I read the notice I took the firsttrain to Kentucky, and this morning has beenthe happiest morning in my life, because I havebeen able to cheer up dear old dad. Colonel,3rou'll go in and see him with me, won't you?""I'll be onb' too glad to, Wood, if you thinkhe wants to see me. You know, Wood, I havebeen over here a number of times, but he hasalways refused to see me.""I would like to have you go with me, for Ibelieve it would do him a world of good to seeyou.""All right, nnr boj You'll wait here for me,Jean?""Yes, but tell Major Shelby that I want totalk to him whenever I can."''Very well, Wood, let's go, for I am anxiousto see the Major."The once splendid Shelbjr estate had dwindleddown to several acres, and even these had beenmortgaged and were to be sold. Major Shelbyhad long since given up the old Shelby homestead and had moved into what had formerlybeen a tenant house on the estate, and here hehad lived the life of a recluse for the past sixor seven years. His only servant, and practically his onl3r companion, having been an oldnegro, whom his family had owned in theslavery dajrs. In the palmy days of the Shelbys,old Sam had been the chief factotem of thehousehold, and Sam was a handy man, for hecould do anything, from the mixing of a niintjulip to the plowing of a cornfield. In theformer art, however, old Sam had no equal.Manr a famous Kentuckian remembers, asamong the most pleasant incidents of his life, ahot summer afternoon, the wide Shelby veranda,through which there ever blew a cooling breeze,the tinkle of the ice against the glass as, withsmiling face, old Sam brought out the "favoriterefreshments of our guests." And the eventin Sam's life that he treasured nearest his heartwas when a great Kentuckian had said to him,"Sam Shelbr, the tinkle of that glass is thesweetest music I have ever heard, and yourmint bed lines the path to Paradise."As the Colonel and Wood Shelby passeddown the long lane that lead to the little cottage in which Major Shelby lived, they sawold Sam approaching them, and Wood said,"Colonel, I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart for all you have done forfather; Sam has told me of the little and largekindnesses you have done for him.""My boy, next to my family, I have lovedyour father more than a'nything on earth, andI would gladly share everything I have withhim, but oh, his cursed pride!"As Sam caught sight of the Colonel, he hurried forward and said: "Good things are coming to our family very fast right now, Colonel.The Major has been so happy at seeing Mr.Wood, and I know that this is the only otherthing that he needs; but, Colonel, I am in greattrouble just now, great trouble.""What is it, Sam?""Well, Colonel, when you go in to see MajorShelby, he will call old Sam and say, 'Sam, youblack rascal,'" and Sam chuckled gleefully,"you will bring Colonel Castlewain the refreshment of which he is fondest.""Well, what's the trouble, Sam?""Why, Colonel, 3rou see I have got the mint,and that's about all.""Well, Sam, go out and tell Miss Jean to let3rou and Mr. Miller take the runabout and driveover to m3r house and get anything 3'ou want,and tell Miss Jean to come in and see MajorShelb3r, and hurry those horses, Sam, becausewe must not disappoint the Major.""All right, Colonel; thank 3'ou, Colonel. Wegot the mint, the finest mint in Kentucky," andSam trudged along, while the Colonel and WoodShelb3r waited for Jean to join them.There were about four rooms in the littlecottage in which Major Shelly lived, one ofthese was a large living room in which weremain' of the most prized relics of the oldenda3's, and here Major Shelly sat on a loungepatientl3r awaiting the return of Wood. Severalmonths before he had had a partial paral3rticstroke and was unable to move without assistance. Misfortunes had befallen the Major ver'fast during the last few years, and the .noticeof the foreclosure on his property, includingDixie and her colt, had seemed the final blow.The unexpected homecoming of his son, however, and the assurances of Wood that he needworry no more in the future had cheered theold Major considerabl3r, and he was feelingbrighter and better this morning than he hadfelt for 3'ears. Wood had assured him that hewould bu- in the mare, but Wood's absenceseemed so prolonged that he had sent old Samto find its cause.The door opened and Wood entered theroom. "Father, we've got Dixie, all right, butI am bringing in two guests that I know youwill be glad to see." Jean Castlewain and theColonel entered the room. At the sight ofColonel Castlewain the old man straightenedup, with just a slight trace of hauteur on hisface, which soon disappeared under the warmthof the Colonel's greeting."Heno'," said the Colonel, "we're a couple ofold fools, and although I have never knownwhy you have seen fit to sever our relations, Ihave loved 3rou just the same.""Richard, perhaps I have been foolish; perhaps I should not have allowed my pride tohave affected my love for 3'ou, but the thoughtof my boy having wronged 3rou hurt me soterribty, that it seemed as though I never caredto see an3rone again.""Wronged me, Henr3r? Why, Wood neverwronged me.""Richard, he not only wronged you, but hewronged his father and his family name whenhe forged your name to a check.""You're mistaken, he did no such thing, butyou haven't spoken to Jean as yet," and Jean,who had, during the meeting of the old friends,stood back in the corner of the room, came forward. "And this is Jean? What a lovely girl youhave grown to be, my child.""Thank you, Uncle Henry. I may still callyou the old name?""I am honored, honey," and Jean Castlewainreached down and kissed the Major's forehead."Henry," the Colonel continued, "we must getthis matter straightened out at once. Haveyou been under the impression all these yearsthat Wood forged my name?""Wli3r surely, Richard," and there was a lookof bewilderment in the Major's eyes."What made 3rou think so, Henry?""Colonel, I heard you say so.""Why, Henry, I have never mentioned thesubject to you.""Not direct, but back in that unhapp3r timeI drove into town one da3r and went into thebank to see George Johnson, who was carryinga loan for me. Wood had written to me statingthat he must have five hundred dollars at once,and I went to get this money for him. Johnson was not in at the time, and I went into oneof the rear rooms of the bank to wait for him.I must have fallen asleep, for I was awakenedby the sound of voices, and I heard you andJohnson talking. I heard 3'ou say that you hadgotten a letter from Wood Shelby stating thathe had forged your name to a check for fivehundred dollars, and I heard you tell Johnsonthat when a check came in, should he be doubtful about the signature, to pa3r it by all means.This almost broke 1113' heart and I went out ofthat room quietly and drove home. M3' bo3'had been wild as boys went in those days, buthe had alwa3rs been honest, upright and truthful with me, and it seemed to me as thoughthere was little left in life worth while livingfor.""Henr3r. that was surelr a mistake, and hadI known that you knew anything about it, itwould have been corrected long ago. Wood,come over here," and Wood walked over to theColonel's chair. "Henr3 this boy was tO'ingto save 1T13' son, but I want to tell all four of3'ou a little story. Years ago in old Kentuckythere were two fine old estates side by side,and the families that owned them had lived onthem for generations. A boy wa born in eachfamil3r within a few months of each other, andtheir earl3r lives were spent in continual companionship, each loving the other as a brother.One of them, at the risk of his life, saved thelife of his chum. They were educated together,and the first break in their companionship camewhen one of them visiting relatives in thenorth, fell in love with a beautiful northerngirl. Then came the Civil War, and throughsome strange workings of fate, one of themenlisted in the northern arm3r and one in thesouthern army. Happily, they did not meeton the battlefield, but when the war was overthey met on the same train returning home."The vanquished in gray forgot the bitternessof defeat in his affection for the victor in blue,and they again became the same friends asbefore the war. One of them married hisnorthern sweetheart, and the other a beautifulKentucky girl, and their sons became intimatefriends just as their fathers were. They enteredthe same college, each sharing the other's likesand dislikes. They were both generous-heartedand lavish in the expenditure of money, and ascollege boys do, accumulated many debts, whichtheir fathers paid, although one of them couldill afford to do so. When the second yearof their college course was nearing its close,they both found themselves so heavily in debtthat the3r hesitated to tell their fathers of it,and instead of doing so they resorted to betting on horse races. For a short while theywere slightly successful, but not enough tohelp themselves very much. One day they received information from a racing friend oftheirs that a certain horse was to win, andwhile they did not have the money they borrowed $500, to bet on the race, promising immediate repayment. As is most frequent insuch cases, the horse lost. The two boys, eachthen, wired their fathers requesting $500 immediately. The father of one of them repliedhe did not have the money, but would endeavorto secure it for his son. The other father had(Continued on page 13)THE MONTHLY MAGAZINElil!il!l!li!llill!l!llfSNWViifflin!!illll'!llllllW1IMhi II lAGRICULTURAL DEPARTT'I'll I"Mimwm w w'i'HII,!' i i '"mi. i i 11 ipi i iin. ii JThe Kentucky Agricultural ExperimentStation and its WorkEdited by Thompson R. Bryant, Supt.RETURNS for the farmer of the presentclay, who works along the line of improved scientific methods, are no longerproblematical. Where these methods are employed the improvement in crops has been almost phenomenal, amounting to in many casesfrom 200 percent to 400 percent increase overformer years. States are being organized tostudy these methods, and the United StatesDepartment of Agriculture, ever striving toassist the farmer, has done most wonderfulwork. Many farmers have been slow to recognize this condition, and working with soilwhose original fertility has been almost exhausted, wonder why they growpoorer every year. A few years agothe farmers of Illinois became awakened to the possibility attained byfollowing more scientific methods,and in each county organized associations and employed experts toassist them. In this work they werecontinually aided by Professor Hopkins, of the State University, whohad thrown himself heart and soulinto this work. As a result thecrops in Illinois in the last year, ofthese farmers who had followedthese methods under far less favorable climatic conditions, showed anincrease of an average of 300 percentmore than in 1906. The farmer inKentucky has been even slower inrecognizing this condition than inmost other agricultural states, anddespite the fact that they possessa most excellent college with a faculty composed of men with exceptional ability, they have been mostbackward in taking advantage of it.These devoted men working underlimited appropriations, appropriations that arenot only limited, but in some cases are noteven paid, are accomplishing a great good.The existence of the Kentucky AgriculturalExperiment Station was made possible by resolution of the Board of Trustees, passed incial fertilizers sold within the bounds of thestate and prevents the sale of any fertilizersnot bearing a tag on which is given the dealer'sguarantee of the composition under the inspection made by the Experiment Station.The first considerable impetus given to thework of the Experiment Station was made possible by the passage of the Hatch Act by Congress in March, 1887. This act provided $15,000annually for the establishment and maintenanceof an Agricultural Experiment Station in eachof the states.In 1887 a farm of 48j acres was purchasednear the city limits of Lexington to be usedSbbbbbbbSIbbbbbbbbbbbbbbBbbbbMSbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbmbTC Ijm? f " MB RSlHIbbBtIbBBBBB!!H'bBVVB flMf HV IBBBBBBBBBBBnnBB i. ?9bBBM VBBBb!BBBuBBBBBBK!''tJ ... Wk bB BBTBBBBBBBBBbB "tSSbbK' J"! . H HBBBBBBBRaBBEBBBBt - Tltt" BBBBBBBBBBBBWBP&BbEbBBBBBBM A. -. BbHBBKBKXHEBBKf'al ' t -- JBBbbbbbbbbbb"""?!-- bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb . bbbII BWMBBTfiBKlBVllKBnBMVJ I BbbVw "- BBBBBBBBBBBBBBD t" - BBlIBraBaH ki -w SbWbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb!-........El' -. - -hum.HbHAgricultural College Building.September, 1885, at which time M. A. Scovellwas appointed Director.The first law covering the inspection andanalysis of commercial fertilizers was passed in1886, which law continued until 1898, when thelaw was amended to its present form. Thislaw provides for the inspection of all commer-Experiment Station, Laboratory and Office Building,Kentucky State University.for experimental purposes. This farm has beenadded to from time to time adjacent to theoriginal plot, until now the Station has 243acres of the best blue grass land.In 1888 a building was erected for the Station work, and also there was quartered in thisbuilding from an early date the department ofchemistry of the university proper. In 1904 thenew Station building was completed, which isone of the handsomest station buildings in thecountry.At the present time there is ready for occupancy an addition to this building more thanequal to the original. The original building isnow not only entirely devoted to chemistry, butis necessarily given over to a few branches ofthat science, the larger number of studentsbeing in the new chemistry building on the college campus.The pure food law of 1898, in which $2500was provided for the inspection and analysisof foods and products sold in the state, wasamended in 1908, giving greater power to theauthorities making such inspections, and providing an annual revenue of $30,000 for the prosecution of the work. The law as amended in190S continues to the present time.A law providing for the inspection and analysis of stock feeds was passed in 1906 andrequires the proper tagging of every bag offeed sold within the state, this tag to bear themanufacturer's guarantee under the analysismade by the Experiment Station. Adulterations are noted and are made more conspicuous,for example, by the use of a yellow tag whichcan be told at a distance, signifying that thefeed is adulterated.M. A. Scovell continued Director from thetime of the organization of the Station untilhis death, August 15, 1912. The staff now hassixty-two members, and the work of the Station is enormously diversified, as indicated below. In October, 1912, Dr.Joseph H. Kastle was appointed Director to succeed the late M. A.Scovell.Kentucky is essentially an agricultural state. Unfortunately, thegreater part of its mineral and timber interests are in the hands ofpeople from other states. With butfew large cities and its manufacturing interests far behind those ofmost of its sister states, it becomesevident that this permanent wellbeing is mainly dependent upon itsfarming interests. Thus anythingthat can be done to improve itsfarms will accomplish the greatestgood for the greatest number.In all the states of the Union,Agricultural Colleges and Experiment Stations have been established,and in most cases have been so wellfostered that many years ago theyreached a high degree of usefulness,and while Kentucky was not amongthe earliest to make great advances,it is not best to discuss what might have been,but rather to say a few things about what isnow being done and what shall be done in theimmediate future.Agriculture has had many hard problems tobe solved, and it is clear to the intelligent mindShowing the effect of spraying white top in timothy with a20 percent solution of iron sulphate. The dark part(a), sprayed, the white part (b), unsprayed.that the solving of such problems involvesyears of research and experimentation andmany failures. At the same time it is fortunately true that the facts learned at the Kentucky Station and elsewhere are of great valueto the farmer, and if the facts already knownTHE MONTHLY MAGAZINE7were religiously practised, the farming complexion of Kentucky would be marvelously improved. The printed bulletin is a good wayof distributing information, but experienceteaches that of the small percentage of theA Demonstration in Spraying before a class in theDepartment of Entomology and Zoology,Campus of the State University.people reached by the bulletins, a very limitedproportion ever put into effectual practice thethings taught.With this in view there has been plannedand put into execution an extension servicewhose function it is to send experts to thefarms all over the state to give actual directionto farm demonstrations on the farmer's ownland. These men are specialists in their severallines, are conservative and painstaking in theirwork and never pretend to be thoroughly postedon all lines.Men and money for this work are scarce,hence it is necessary to work in places whereassistance is asked, and where cooperation isgiven. Considering the fact that only withinthe last very few years has this work beenprovided for, the results already accomplishedare wonderful. The most effective system hasbeen made possible by the cooperation of theUnited States Government, who has assisted inthe employment of county agricultural agents,men of proven ability who confine their workto a given county. - These have already beenplaced in Madison, Henderson, Jefferson, Warren, Metcalfe, Christian, Daviess and Muhlenberg Counties, each county paying a part oftheir salary and the United States Departmentof Agriculture the remainder. It is plainly impossible for such men to be specialists in alllines, but they are in immediate daily communication with the State Experiment Station,with its laboratories and specialists and likewise with the Federal Department. This arrangement is accomplishing splendid resultsalready.While the field demonstrations are doingsplendid work, it must be conceded by thethinking man that the most permanent good isto be accomplished through the bright youngmen who are being thoroughly trained in theAgricultural College. Only in the last threeor four years has the value of this college become fully impressed upon the people of thestate, but each of those years has witnessednearly a doubling of attendance. There arenow three hundred boys and girls being trainedat this college. Laboratories and class roomsare over-crowded, but the students are taken inrelays and other methods are resorted to, inorder to get the best results possible. Whilegraduates from this department almost invariably secure excellent positions when they desire,they are always urged instead, to return to thefarm that they may not prosper alone, but thattheir neighbors may learn lessons from them.The Experiment Station embraces the following departments: Department of Agronomy,Department of Animal Husbandry (Beef Cattle,Sheep and Swine), Department of Animal Husbandry (Dairy Cattle, Horses and Poultry), Department of Chemistry, Department of Entomology and Botany, Department of ExtensionWork, Department of Fertilizer Control, Department of Food and Drugs Control, Department of Feed Control, Department of Horticulture and Department of Research (Chemistry,Bacteriology and Biology).THE DIVISION OF ENTOMOLOGY ANDBOTANY OF THE STATION, AND OFENTOMOLOGY AND ZOOLOGY OF THEUNIVERSITYThis Division in the Station is devoted tothe investigation of injurious insects and to atudy of plants in their economic relations.Detailed studies of the life histories of insectsare made, with a view to finding out when andhow pests of this sort may be most easily controlled. The fungus diseases of plants, such asblights, cankers, rusts, mildews and the likeare also being investigated with the same object in view, namely, to learn how best theymay be controlled in the interest of the farmer,fruit grower and gardener.With these main objects in view, the workof the Division is specialized in several directions, of which the following will serve as illustrations: The head of the Division is charged by astate law with the annual inspection of nurseries and orchards in Kentucky with a view todetecting and getting rid of San Jose scale orother destructive pests. Several millions oftrees, shrubs and other plants are inspectedeach year under this law by members of theDivisional staff. Inspections of nursery andflorists stock imported to Kentucky from foreign countries are also made in cooperationwith the Department of Agriculture at Frank-.jMif&fQ HHfA Device for Fumigating low-growing plants to freethem from pests. Invented in the Divisionof Entomology and Botany.fort and the United States Department atWashington, the object being more especiallyto prevent the importation of such pests asthe Gypsy Moth and Brown-tail Moth. Manythousands of plants are examined by us underthis arrangement.This Division does the seed inspection andseed testing work of the Station, partly undera state law prohibiting the adulteration offield seeds, and in part under the federal lawestablishing the Station. Hundreds of samplesare thus tested for purity and germination forfarmers and seedsmen, and hundreds of othersare collected and inspected for adulteration.Much of the labor required in cultivating acrop comes from the presence of weed pests.They are introduced and sown by the farmersthemselves with bought seeds that have beencarelessly harvested, or imperfectly cleaned.The Division has in the course of its workdone much to check the sale of adulteratedseeds, and has now before it the task of preventing the dissemination of noxious weeds,such as dodder, broom-rape and sour dock, allof which were sown in our fields originallywith field seeds imported from foreign countries.A special study of forage plants calculated tobe of value to Kentucky has been made inexperimental plots on the farm for a goodmany years. The plants are tested for hardiness, productiveness, quality as forage, durability, etc., and finally those proving bestadapted for our conditions are preserved witha view to their more complete adjustment andimprovement, after which they are to be delivered into the hands of Kentucky farmers.The Division has for over ten years beenconducting series of rotation experiments in cooperation with the United States Departmentof Agriculture, and has now in hand manyplots of ground which are each year occupiedby crops grown under different rotation systems. The head of this Station Division is alsoProfessor of Entomology and Zoology in theUniversity, the instructional work being provided for chiefly in laboratories and lecturerooms on the first floor of the Science Building.The Department has had a rather strenuousyear with more students to handle than everbefore in the history of the University. Theequipment for this work will need many additions in the course of the next year or two ifthe present rate of growth continues. Thequarters now occupied are becoming crowded.HORTICULTURAL DEPARTMENTThe Department of Horticulture covers therather wide range of interests included infruit, vegetable, flower and landscape gardening.In particular, it provides courses of instructionfor students in propagation and improvementof plants, orcharding, cultivation of the smallfruits and grapes, market gardening, the growing of vegetables and flowers under glass, andthe use of trees, shrubbery and flowers in improving home surroundings and public grounds.In one or more of its various aspects, horticulture makes an appeal to every farmer, and tomany dwellers in town or village. For the.student preparing for general farming, it isdesirable to have such an acquaintance with thesubject that he may effectively provide for generous returns from the home fruit and vegetablegarden. For others who wish to specialize insome line of horticulture, there are most attractive and promising opportunities for furtherstudies in fruit growing, market gardening andother phases of horticultural development.In the work of instruction, use is made ofthe lectures, the laboratory, informal talks inthe field, and various kinds of horticulturalpractice, such as greenhouse work, seeding,plant setting, grafting, spraying, the judgingand packing of fruits and vegetables, etc. Thefield work is designed to supplement the classroom instruction in such a way as to make theapplications clear and interesting to the student. The experiment work in horticulture iscarried on upon the Station farm, only a shortdistance from the University grounds. Herethere is being developed a series of tests ofvegetables, fruits and flowers, experiments inmethods of fertilization and other details ofmanagement, with a view to working out suchgeneral principles of handling as may be applicable not only under the particular condi-ft?, &W - r- fc tAJ& f fe ffe,, &, -u l.j it w m atto tgim w- 0 -mwA Sample of Red Clover seeds adulterated with twenty-fivepercent of trefoil (with a point on one side of seed).A few seeds of buckhorn also in sample.Division of Entomology and Botany.tions found here, but also in other parts of thestate.In cooperation with the Division of Extension, the results of the work conducted at theUniversity, are being taken in the most practical way to the fruit growers and gardenersout over the state. A large and growing vol(Contiiiued on page 14)IgPMfN theI ElmlinethatI fulnow9000 acres, situated in thecounties of Fayette, Bourbon and Scott, somesix miles from Lexington, Kentucky. It is byfar the finest stock farm in the world, and isthe home of nearly a thousand of the best bredcattle in the world. Here "Noble of Oaklands," in whose veins courses the purest Jersey blood the world has ever known, grazesin pastures adjacent to those of his noblemother, "Lady Viola," and here more than 800imported Jerseys, 125 Holsteins, Kerrys, andother fine cattle contribute to the fame ofElmendorf. Here those monarchs of the turf,"Watercress," "Water boy," "Star Ruby," "Hamburg Belle," and the "Mighty Salvator," werebred. The finest dairy farm in the world,with every modern improvement for the sci-entific handling ofmilk, and a dairy barnalmost palatial, wherein 400 of those splendid cattle are milkeddaily, with every com-fort possible for theattendants and for thecattle themselves, areat Elmendorf.The history of thisestate is most interesting. It lies on eitherside of the MaysvilleRoad, and for half acentury it was famousthroughout the worldas a thoroughbredstock establishment,and contributed to theturf those great thor-oughbreds, "Hamburg,""Bob Woolley," "Hindoo," "Spendthrift,""Vagrant," "TremontV"Glenelg," "Firenze,""Monarchist," andmany others. The original farm was knownmore than 60 yearsago as the "North Elkhorn Farm." Thisfarm was purchased inheart of the far-famede Grass Region" liesendorf. The cluster ofold Kentucky farmscomprise this beauti-state of J. B. Ilagginconsists of more thanMill(";sHnintnniniHntuiuiinmtwutHiMm' .,1 . Vs BP T -m, , 0 r7J Bl- - 3w T "SI! i 'lit M'fciianiiiiii tn 'li in i1 iiJHi' HI iii ' i iiil'liii i " " ' '" "" p'"li '! -7t?rmiIMUUHlUUil l .. in ..n..t itli.llitr. "Illlllllllli.. .i '. -. . . -.niiunur- - - - - ,v1 v o Vie Vv s- o I jf T v ( 'I g -r.e: e ts mills J .vf.- Zvu'' "'THE MONTHLY MAGAZINE.71 TT M - F. y Ie- i armKatharine A. Harrison1871 by Mr. Milton Sanford, of New Jersey,and the name was then changed to "Preakness," after his famous place in the East. Mr.Sanford did much to encourage and supportthoroughbred horse interests throughout theState. This farm wasDaniel Swigert, of Woodford County, who gaveto it the name of Elmendorf. Mr. J. C. Ennght purchased this farm from Mr. Swigert.and in 1898 sold it to Mr. J. B. Haggin, ofNew York. Mr. Haggin was born in ScottCount', which adjoins Fayette County, in whichwas situated the original Elmendorf Farm.Early in life he had gone west, and havingbecome interested in copper mines, from whichhe has accumulated great wealth, he determined to devote a large part of this in theestablishment of a splendid estate near thehome of his birth. Here he brought a largenumber of horses from his California ranch,and entered upon the establishment of hisgreat thoroughbred breeding farm. With anearnest desire to aid in the agricultural up-Bgk&BHBBBBBBHHHHMHBntaiMlHHHMnHBBMBHUMBBBHBBBBIIMaaBuaBHi va.s2ltii teerrcpurchased later by Mr.II.V ...mi 7 , ,i m. ' i.iinii f i(ii)ih . uiau , -,2h321r. ELbuilding of his native state, he became interested in agricultural and horticultural pursuits,and finding the original farm, which consistedof only 550 acres, too small, he immediatelycommenced to enlarge it by purchasing adjacent properties, one of the first of which wasthe Kenney farm, on which was the housebuilt by Carter Harrison's mother and presented to him by her. This was followed bythe purchase of other farms, so that Elmendorf consists of a number of attractive smallerplaces, and some of the typical old homesteadsof this section, with its traditions of the families, who made up the aristocratic life of thatsection years ago. Nearly a mile from theMaysville Road, just north of the KenneyFarm woodland, Mr. Haggin selected the sitefor his home on a spot in his estate where theBlue Grass grows nearest the skies, and herehe erected his beautiful mansion, "Green Hills."It is indeed a fitting house for Elmendorf, itsnoble lines, yet simple beauty, constructed toa certain degree after the old colonial homesteads of Kentucky, isa masterpiece of archi8v?Z" -VSriv?pyi2 jtecture.Elmendorf is constantly being improved,surrounding farms areconstantly being purchased. Each department is being moreperfectfully systematized, and there is aconstant progressioneverywhere. It has itsown power plant forelectric hirhtinr andice manufacture, cora-Pete telephone andwaterworks system,gram elevator, a newslaughterhouse that isa model in every pomtor convenience andsanitary equipment, abutcher shop, harness,plumber, carpenter andpaint establishments,garage and a generaloffice for the management and departmentheads. Grain, hay,coal and other supplies are delivered direct from its spurs onthe Interurban Linesand the Louisville &THE MONTHLY MAGAZINE9Nashville Railroad. It gets its water supply herd is world-wide, and consists of the finest His dam is "Lady Viola" (238437), sired byfrom the famous Russell's Cave Spring, on herds of imported Jerseys, imported milking "Nobleman" (P. 2555 H. C), out of Bagatellethe De Long Farm, where a pumping station Shorthorn Cattle, and Guernseys, a few of 2d (Golden Lad's Victoria), rich in her inher-has been built, from which water supply lines the famous Black Kerry (Irish) and some Dex- itance of quality and blood and excellence ofextend in every direction on the farm. There ter (English) cows. The great Jersey sires, type from a splendid line of ancestry. Viola'sare more than fifteen miles of macadamized "Noble of Oaklands" (95700), "Viola's Golden Golden Jolly and Sultana's Oxford Lad, pur-roads on the estate. Jolly" (79314), "Sultana's Oxford Lad" (76506),With the decline of racing in the East, fore- and "Distinction's Noble" (P. 4057 H. C), haveshadowing the future success of the thorough- been placed at the head of the Jersey herd ata total cost of $41,300.00. First in importanceof these bulls is "Noble of Oaklands," thebred horse in Kentucky, Mr. Haggin soughtfor other interests for Elmendorf, and took upthe question of reviving the interest in Shorthorn Cattle, so popular inKentucky 30 years ago. Heselected for his herd someof the best cows from thechoicest herds of the north,and placed at the head ofthis herd the great sire."Whitehall Marshall," 209776,for two years holding theproud distinction of championbull of America. So greatwas the success of the exhibition herd in the show circuits that Elmendorfthe record for Shorthorntie. having in one seasonGrand Champion Bever' state, for allmade. In 1910 the firshorn Cattle sale in Kentucky,since the days of Col. Wm.Warfield, was held at Elmendorf, and was a great success. In 1911 Elmendorf puton the show circuit a splendid herd, principally youngsters raised on the fann, representing four and five 3ears'hard training and fitting forthe ring. "Elmendorf Marshall," a proud young son of"Whitehall Marshall," was expected to take all honors ofthe International Show atChicago. Unfortunately, theentire show herd while on return trip from Virginia StateFair was wiped out in arailroad wreck. Since this anew start had to be madein the Shorthorn business.The herd was strengthenedby additions from some ofthe choicest blood of Canada and of the north, andwith the 3roungsters of farmbreeding the herd now ranksas high as any in the country in individual merit andgood blood lines. The trophies won by the ElmendorfShorthorns, Berkshire Hogs,and Imported ShropshireSheep would cover wall spaceand fill cabinets of a largeroom, so numerous have beenthe honors won.Mr. Haggin is not only in-chased for $13,000.00 and $11,000.00, respectively, are both regarded as great sires. Thedam of Sultana's Oxford Lad is the famousGolden Sultana (146282), who took third prizeat the World's Fair in St. Louis, in 1904. Shemost celebrated Jersey bull in the world, and is the greatest living representative of the Sul-tane family, being the granddaughter of Sultane 7th, thefoundation cow of the Sultanefamily. To mate these siresMr. Haggin selected cowsboth from this country andimported from the Island ofJersey, all with records of thehighest tests, and all out ofa long line of tested dams,and young daughters of tested cows. Many of these cowswere selected by Dr. M. A.Scovell, Dean of the Department of Agriculture of theState University, who madea special trip to the Islandsof Jersey and Guernsey forthis purpose and who calledinto consultation the best- experts on the Islands. Thecows selected were not onlythe very best in point of individuality and attractiveness,but were prize winners withcertificates of merit for butter tests. The Peerless LadyViola (238437), the greatestcow of any breed, living ordead, the most typical andhighest priced Jersey cow, unbeaten in the show ring, agreat butter producer, and thedam of Noble of Oaklands,Viola's Golden Jolly, andthree daughters with butterrecords on the Island of Jersey. Bred by J. W. LeBoutellier, St. Owen, Island ofJersey, born April 28, 1899,imported in February, 1910,by T. S. Cooper & Sons."Lady Viola" is a familyname familiarly known inevery Jersey home in theworld, the dam of more highpriced animals than any othercow in the country. She isa beautifully formed cow,with the best head even seenon a Jersey, solid color, blacktongue and switch, and wasselected by the Dairymen'sAssociation as the modeldairy cow of all breeds.holds : m mmiMWK'rWMm V N iPat-- Ksr - , UiiaUliHWlWf rS'v,Mv')IV.(l ithe hrsmmmmmmFvmyr - .?.&& r jimi of WJmmmwmh' 'ummm sit Short- SSSSaSW v "V- vK ;S-J. T I JJ Jill iy oftf"T"Hr T. L mE 1ill .! - r wfstA.9&- jm1tL afit i' y WkT I Ey JT tJfo ? sREGISTER OF MERIT CERTIFICATE COWSJersey Autumn.Sire Combination of St. Saviour.Dam Autumn.terested in thoroughbred horses, but he has who, following a custom of Jersey 1 island, wa-also placed on his farm a number of Shire and crowned "King of the Island," not only be-Suffolk heavy horses for work stock, and sev- cause of his magnificent breeding, but becauseeral years ago imported a number of Welch of his splendid record as a prize winner.ponies, probably the pioneer stock in Ken- Ninety-two first prizes and championships stand Oxford Buttercup of St. Saviour.tucky of this class; these are strong, hardy to the credit of "Noble of Oaklands," and his sire Gedney Farm Oxford Lad.and make splendid drivers and there is great get, within the past three and a half years, and Dam Mourant's Fontaine.demand for them. he surpasses his ancestors, "Golden Fern'sEarly in 1908 Mr. Haggin, was was an ardent Lad," and "Golden Lad," hitherto unbeaten, in ,. Golden Fern's Sensation.advocate of clean milk, determined upon the the number of highly commended daughters, rc Golden Ferns Lad.establishment of the dairy at Elmendorf, and for out of 49 qualified daughters, 40 have been " ec Lilly.immediately laid plans to secure the finest highly commended. He was sired by "Blue St. Germain's Queen.herd of cattle that money could purchase. So Bell's Blue Fox" (P. 3633 H. C), a son of the Sire Oakland's Sultan.well has he succeeded that the fame of his great cow, "Blue Bell" (P. 4307 H. C). Dam Eminent's May Queen.10THE MONTHLY MAGAZINEMajesty's Lady Houpla.Sire Royal Majest3Dam Lady Houpla.Noble's Beautiful Nelly.She Noble of Oaklands.Dam Nelly du Parcq.Noble's Nurse.Sire Noble of Oaklands.Dam Nurse Agatha.Noble's Golden Chance.Sire Noble of Oaklands.Dam Golden Chance.Cannon's Fairy.Sire Raleigh's Fairy Boy.Dam Cannon's Dorothy.Minnie of Jersey.Sire The Owl's Oxford Prince.Dam May of Jersey.Minette of Anneville.Sire Beechland's Champion.Dam Eminent's Minette.Noble's Beautiful Lily.Sire Noble of Oaklands.Dam Golden Maid's BrownMaid.Cows Holding Authenticated ButterFat Record for One Year.Majesty's Oxford Lass (213940).Belle's Finish (183695).Trial's Sweet Bread (257105).Soconee Oonan's Princess (201875).Trial's Hillside Mignonette(257120).Viola's Sensation (239334).Jolly Norah (234167).One of the most interestingplaces at Elmendorf is the calf barnand paddock, where the young calvesare kept for the first few monthsof their lives.There are calves of every description Kerries and Dexters, coalblack; ugly little Holsteins with bigsplotches of white; awkward Guernseys and gentle, blue-blooded Jerseys with their soft, timid eyes, beautifully shaped heads, satin skins andears like velvet. These are the future dairy show propositions fromElmendorf.Mr. Haggin has been known torefuse $2500.00 for a baby Jersey,and furthermore let it be knownmaterials have been eliminated; the floors, water for use at the dairy plant. In the operawalls and ceilings are of concrete, and the tion and management of the Elmendorf Dairydoors and window frames are of iron; a large the greatest care is exercised in maintainingventilating fan supplies the entire building with sanitary methods in every department, the cowsfresh air. The milk is carried from the dairy are subjected to the most rigid tuberculin testsbarn to the milk receiving room, on the second by the farm veterinary, before they are acfloor of the milk house, by means of a cable. cepted for the dairy herd. And the closest atThe milk is poured first through the large tention is given to the feeding and keepingstrainer, and is then distributed by gravity in a first class clean condition for milking,through the various channels (a part of it No person is employed in the capacity ofgoing to the separator for cream) until it milker without first having undergone medicalreaches the milk machinery room on the firstfloor, where the aerators for milk and cream,the bottler and capper machines, etc., are located. The dairy machinery is of the very besttype, and everything in the milk machineryroom is so arranged that it can be cleansedwith high pressure steam. On the first floorexamination and inspection. A scrupulouscleanliness is exacted not only from them, butfrom every person who handles dairy productsfor the market. A barber and manicurist is employed at the farm, especially for the dairymen,to whom the men are required to report daily.In the dairy barn there is a large bathroom,completely equipped with showerand other baths, for the use of theattendants. In the new powerhousebuilding there is a laundry fitted upwith all modern equipments, and allof the attendants in the dairy arerequired to don a clean white suitand cap each milking time. Theplant is also fitted up with laboratory facilities for the examination ofthe milk, and bacterialogical testsare made regularly, in order to keepthe milk up to the highest standardof purity. The Elmendorf dairy isregarded as the ideal dairy in thissection of the country, and theirproducts thus rendered as near perfection as possible, are regarded withthe highest favor.There are also, in the new powerhouse, rooms fitted up for the manufacture of ice cream and a modernbaking equipment. These rooms areup to date in every respect and havemotor driven machinery. This department is in charge of an expert,and all kinds of flavors of ice creamsand ices are made. A special refrigerator car is used for the transportation of all milk and dairy products from the Interurban Line atthe Elmendorf depot to Lexingtonand to the distributing wagons, forLexington patrons.The management of Elmendorf isdevoting a great deal of time to theupbuilding of agricultural pursuits,and though it has been the practiceof Elmendorf to put the greater partof lands acquired into grass forpasturage of the horses, herds andflocks; each year large crops of to-that this price would increase $1000 per day, of the dairy building there i- a bottle receiving bacco, corn, barley, rye, potatoes and large- - -tummt miit m n J.IWiBiil'WWiP!!' Ill MM WW - &Sttg''.jL - 6jbSmm- - V,' a te r c T e s -3KSeuMMr taw u .. s SJBWSSMLM"-! Stat R. V4- Tj v3jC3rtjrfi.sr afc;r3!c.acicr JWsugar beets for the cattle are grown. For theseason of 1913 about 1000 acres of corn willbe put in, most of this to be used for ensilagepurposes. Several hundred acres of smallso valuable did he consider the youngster. room, where the bottles and bottle cases areThe dairy barn at Elmendorf is situated on washed and inspected, finally being sterilizedthe east side of the Maysville Road, several in the large sterilizing oven provided. Thehundred feet from the demonstration build- bottles and cases remain in the sterilizer noting, and stretching away from it are great less than thirty minutes. There is a sterilized grains will be put in and something like 2000pasture lands. It is surrounded by beautifully cold storage or cooling room for bottles and acres of clover meadow will be harvested. Alaid-out grounds, walks, and roadways, and is bottle cases. The bottles into which the milk number of extensive garden plots on the placeconstructed almost entirelj'- of concrete and is to be put are never taken into the bottling will be opened and in one of these the overheadbrick. It is built in the design of a Maltese room except direct from the sterilizer andCross, each ell or wing being some two hun- sterilized cold storage room; that is, the move-dred and twenty feet long by forty feet wide, ment of the bottles is continuous from theand at the end of each ell are two large silos. time they enter the building until they areIt is a model in sanitary construction with filled with milk, capped and sealed ready for will be handled by men of long experience insplendid systems of lighting and ventilating and the market. The butter and butter cold storage the planting, culture and housing of the weed,the stall equipment is entirely of iron. Some rooms are separated entirely from the milk In 1912 the yield of, tobacco showed a granddistance to the rear of the dairy barn are the rooms by double folding iron doors, in order average per acre of 1228 pounds. On onecow sheds, calf barns, paddocks, etc., for the that the bacteria in the butter room may not farm a splendid demonstration was made indairy .cattle. Just beyond the dairy barn, on in any way reach the fresh milk room. The the growing of a crop of tobacco on what wasthe spur from the Lexington and Paris Inter- skim milk is used exclusively for feeding to considered tobacco-killed soil, the yield provingurban Railroad, is the beautiful stone dairy the calves and hogs, and is never put on the to be 1200 pounds to the acre, a better crop thanbuilding or the milk house. In the construction market. Just to the rear of the dairy building some from fields on which sod was brokenof the entire building all wood and absorbent is an immense steel tank for storage supply of last season for the first time in years.irrigation system will be given a trial.The largest crop of tobacco yet grown atElmendorf will be the promise of 1913. Fivehundred acres are to be planted. This cropU7 jBi. .i 31THE MONTHLY MAGAZINE11The greenhouses at "Green Hills" have long is situated in one of the mostbeen noted for the number and beauty of the historical places in Kentucky;collection of rare plants, vines and blossoms. this is the Russell farm, on theOne of the most beautiful sights in the green- Russell Cave Road. On this farmhouse at this season is the flowering vine the is the beautiful old mansion, Mt.Bougan Villia (-or Chinese Paper Flower), Brilliant. This farm was inwhich has grown in tropical profusion, climbing to the top of the dome in the fern house,and hanging in great clusters of blossoms. Itis a rapid grower, with small beautiful leavesthickly placed, and a constant bloomer, theblossoms, a light magenta in color, are likethe finest paper tissue.The finishing touches are now being put onthe erection of a great range of fruit houses,which is located near the greenhouses in a sheltered spot, just to the rear of the "GreenHills" mansion. It is a most elaborate structureof steel and glass, with perfect system forthe original grant of the government lands in Kentucky, toLord Russell, of Virginia,whose son, Colonel Wm. Russell, came to Kentucky withone of the Boone expeditionsto look over this property andlater returned to make hishome there, building his mansion near the famous cave andspring which he discovered andnamed. The house was built between 1795 and 1800. Mr. Hag-heating to tropical temperature, and ventilating gin established the Elmendorfto a nicety. The rafters are of steel, and thegr ui in main miui ii ttthtii I l '"" ' """"""JL4 dbt View ot Inter i or j HHSHMhHM(o L Ifjsti mmwm i w ii iii mi inn i mi hi i ir ?rrr"ijpMahUitnlin.,nu.i ' l" a:. ..I-msaar3 ww m lym .injni i inn mi i nun n i unii i i "i ijbmnrrmzxiut.rvi'uvr ' v, "gyrrTHrpoultry farm about 5 years ago.He had made a careful studyof the different breeds andvarieties of pure bred chickens, and selected for that has been allowed to become overgrownhis initial stock the Single Comb White Or- with shrubbery, etc., in order to afford a homepingtons, and imported his foundation stock for the pheasants and other game birds thatwood used is clear, air-dried, Red Gulf Cypress.An interesting point is that each rafter iscapped with wood grooved one-half inch to fitcarefully over the steel. By covering this por-from England.His birds have been prize winners wherevershown, winning at Crystal Palace, Birmingham,some of the shows of England, Madison SquareGarden, Allentown, Baltimore, Augusta, TexasState Fairs, Kansas City and other importantshows. Mr. Haggin's point thus far in showing was to prove the superiority of his WhiteOrpingtons in all sections of the country, theMr. Haggin has placed there.Every department of this magnificent farmis under the supervision of a trained expert,who reports each morning to Mr. Charles H.Berryman, who is the General Manager ofElmendorf, and much of its great success isdue to his splendid executive ability. Mr.Berryman's chief assistant in this work is Mr.I. H. Morgan, and the headquarters of thesetion of the steel frame with wood, all trouble best proof of the greatest of all qualities being gentlemen are in the general office building,from expansion and contraction of metal isavoided.There are six units to the new range withthe Service Building or working rooms surrounding three sides of an open court enclosed on the fourth side by a beautiful pergola, which connects the peach and nectarinehouses. This court will be made beautifulwith flowers, vines and shrubbery a veritableGarden of Eden with its profusion of appletrees, peaches, nectarines, pears, pineapples,plums, grapes, melons, strawberries, and eventhe time-honored fig tree.In the Service Building are the work rooms,storage and shipping rooms, each equippedfor the care of the different varieties of fruitto be handled. In the basement ofthis building several cellars havebeen arranged for the growing ofmushrooms.In the selection of trees and plantsMr. Haggin has secured the verybest. He has spared no expense, notrouble, in the importation of rareand beautiful fruits and vines notwidely known in this country. Mr.Haggin's cultivation of hothousefruits is intended not only for hisown pleasure, but will be along scientific lines,with the view from a commercial standpoint ofbenefiting and encouraging horticulture in thissection, and his experience in this venture willbe watched with great interest here in Kentucky.The poultry establishment at Elmendorf, whichhas won for itself great fame in the poultry world,in the winning of the cup for the ten hens laying the greatest number of eggs for the monthof February at the Missouri Egg Laying Contest, held by the state of Missouri. Thesehens also are leading all other Orpingtons inproduction since the 15th day of November,1912.The poultry houses have been built on themost scientific lines, so that the very best conditions are provided for the care of the birdsfrom the time of hatching. The natural features of Kentucky, the air and climate, thenatural drainage of the land, the quality of thesoil and the great range of grass are the strongpoints that make for the growth and development of fine, healthy, vigorous birds.w. ; m a u a ia ss s m vt x a s2 ii r'- V-irW .Qt j&a&1jc 'wvi' pxi-awr .v?Jur'4r,fJ5iftUixHfl&9LiJ & LMmmmanmTa A m nWfefcSome distance away from "Green Hills," ina beautiful little valley, is the Elmendorf Lake,which covers several acres of ground, and thewater, piped from the pumping plant, at "Russell's Cave," is as clear as crystal. This lakeis the home of many different varieties of fish.Not far from this lake is the old race track,which is situated at the Maysville Road entrance. This office building is also the working home of the clerical establishment.The owner of this magnificent estate is atypical American and one of the big men ofthis country. For many years he has been afamiliar figure in the financial affairs of NewYork He holds controlling interests in several great commercial concerns; he is President and Treasurer of the Homestake MiningCompany, situated in the Black Hills of SouthDakota, one of the richest and most widelyknown properties in the world. He is alsoPresident and a Director of the Cerro dePasco Investment Company, and is a memberof the Directorates of the American Car andFoundry Company, the InternationalSteam Pump Company, the JalapaRailway and Power Company, theOriental Consolidated Mining Company and the Oyamel Company, butwith all of these interests he is constantly in touch with Elmendorf, andas a native Kentuckian, he hasmade it one of the chief interestsof his life to bring his native stateto the front, by establishing andbuilding up the great estate of ElHis personal characteristics havevton for him the love of those who know him,and thoroughly appreciate the "Seer" of Elmendorf.u a s i, ,eTt ' 3--. 'T "-S'JsS&aHDFvsi jmendorf.12THE MONTHLY MAGAZINEI' :.::'::::. :,:'TICCImKBsmmMammmA Model Servant"SHORTAGE of servants?" repeated Mrs.B. "Nonsense! There is an abundanceand more than a plenty. For the lastsix months I have had two new cooks a week,and sometimes three.""So?" said the sling-inker. "You, too. areplaying the popular game of 'hire and fire?'"'"Tis so, alas," replied Mrs. B. "I nowawait a new recruit. I await her with curiosity.The child keeps sai'ing: 'I wonder what thenext one's name will be?' It is a most absorbing experience. The last candidate put methrough a severe examination. She wanted toknow my husband's business, whether we kepta motor car, and why the last girl left. Itmade me quite nervous, but she decided toaccept us. However, she stayed only two days.She found we did not employ a chauffeur, andshe objected to B taking her joy riding. Shewas a most particular girl!"The less there is for a maid to do the moredifficult it is to find one to do it. It used tobe that a girl had to shovel coal into the furnace, mind the babies, cook the meals, wash theclothes and launder the dog."Now we have vacuum cleaners, the janitorwashes the windows, a laundress does theheavy work, steam heat does away with thefurnace and everything is as simple as youplease."Even so. With all this simplicity, housekeeping has become more complicated. I wishI might find an angel maid of the old schoolone who would take an interest in my family."The doorbell rang. That moment Mrs. B.got her wish. It walked right in and bowed.That moment the name of Adolphine thecapable was added to the cast of characters ofthe B. family.Adolphine swept in as if she were returningto the old homestead after having acquired experience and a fortune. She fairly embracedMrs. B. She nodded cordially to the slinginker. Adolphine had a most masterful manner. She immediately became captain of theship, and we mere deckhands.She Came to Take Charge"Don't say a word, my dear; don't say aword!" she exclaimed to Mrs. B. "I know allabout it. Mrs. J. explained everything. I realize how you have had girls who couldn'tspeak English and who threw away the butterand burnt the steak and all that. I am hereto take charge of your house. I always takecomplete charge."Look at them window shades, all zigzaggy.(Business of straightening shades.) And theway that mahogany table has been ruined; it'sdug full of holes by the sweeper. I declaresome girls are careless! I also see that thetalking machine needs a touch of furniturepolish, and that portiere should have a stitchtaken in the hem."No, no, don't get up. I'll go right throughthe flat and find my room. Mrs. J. says shehas known you for years and you're all right.You just rest and take it easy. I'll throw asquint into the refrigerator and see what weneed."Exit Adolphine with the step and majesty ofa queen.Angie S. Cramer"Good heaven!" cried Mrs. B. "I and myhome have been kidnapped. Help! Help!"The next scene was a fortnight later. Thesling-inker had been hastily summoned andfound Mrs. B. in bed. She appeared to be ina highly nervous condition."It is that dreadful Adolphine person," explained Mrs. B. in a whisper. "Oh! that Iever wished for one who would take an interestin the family. In our household melodrama sheis the leading lady, and I am merely an ornamental supernumerary. Dismiss her! I can't.She hasn't stopped talking long enough to letme. She has taken the bit in her teeth and isrunning away with all of us. I am hangingon and hoping for the smashup.""Horrible!" commented the sling-inker."She appears quite capable.""Capable?" repeated Mrs. B. "She is capableenough to run the United States government.But I don't want to be run. I-I feel that it'sher house and she is kind enough to permitme to stay here. It is dreadful!"She Bosses the Universe"What is that frightful noise?" asked thevisitor."That, my dear," replied Mrs. B. wearilj-, "isAdolphine singing gospel hymns. She had hervoice cultivated when she was younger. Sheexplained it all to me one day. But her familyobjected to the stage as a profession. Wouldyou mind doing me a great favor?""Not at all.""Then go to the kitchen and ask her if itannoys her to have us listen to her. I'd liketo know."The sling-inker laughed."You will have your little joke," said she."But whr do you permit your maid to bellowloudly?""Why do I permit her to tell me when Iought to go to bed and what dress I shouldwear and how I should breathe?""You are not at all well," she said to me theother day. "I think I'll give you a little quinine." "The first day she was here she dismissed thelaundress, got into a row with the janitor, andgave impudence to the agent of the building.I never saw her like."It won't do to let people tell you what todo," says she, as she goes through life bossingthe universe."She has taken it upon herself to bring upthe children. She calls them 'lovie' and 'dearieand is endeavoring to teach them English andmanners, both of which subjects are entirelybeyond the limits of her marvelous education.I had hoped for a capable servant, but I hateto be entirely erased from the face of my family circle.""Why not leave a call with Mrs. J.," suggestedthe sling-inker, "and return her for credit orexchange? It strikes me she's an awful thingto have around the house."Always Willing to Help"But you do not understand," suggested Mrs.B. "She does nothing that I can really criticiseor find fault with. She merely takes hold toowell. She has a strong personality which apparently has to be exercised."For instance. One night B. brought homean old college chum of his a most dignifiedgentleman. It was the first time we had hada guest since Adolphine had swooped downupon us like a blizzard and snowed us under.She served very nicely. The dinner was quiteendurable until she passed the roast a secondtime. Our guest refused. Adolphine lookedhim in the eye kindly.""Oh, have some more," she said, with cordial invitation. "You can see there's plenty ofit.""After the meal I went to the kitchen andexplained to Adolphine that the gentleman wasmy guest, not hers, and that it was my place tourge him to partake of more food.""That's all right; that's all right," said Adolphine, graciously. "I am always willing tohelp you entertain your friends. I always takean interest in my work. Don't you ever worryabout anything at all. I'll look after everything. Now, you'd better trot right along andgo to bed. You look all tuckered out.""Yes, my dear," continued Mrs. B., addressing her guest, "I wanted to take a large objectand hit Adolphine on the head, but I feared itmight cause a commotion in the neighborhood.I merely endured, as I have endured duringthe last fortnight."I am told when to retire. I am told whatto eat. She orders what she pleases and shedoes as she likes and it is all done with thegreatest kindness and consideration. She wantsto save me so much that there is no place inthis house for me. I got my wish all right,but I did not know what I was wishing for."If this is the way a girl acts when she takesan interest in me I am going to advertise forthe services of one who hasn't any use for us.At least, then we might occasionally have aconfidential talk together my husband and I.That Adolphine person wears rubber heels.She pops out of the air unannounced and at alltimes and always with a full and completeline of gab."Adolphine Can See a Joke"You ought to put a muffler on her," suggested the visitor."It's worse during meal times. Papa bringshome his cunning little jokes and tells them,while Adolphine is waiting on the table. Adolphine has a quick mind, I tell you, and an appreciative one. She is a quick thinker and shealways gets papa's jokes first, bursting intoloud and violent laughter, which greatly interferes with the dignity of the moment. Sometimes she endeavors to control her mirth, breaking loose with it just as the door of the butler'spantry closes after the ends of her apronstrings."Now B ought to be flattered with suchpleasant attentions and quick appreciation, buthe is not. There is something strange aboutthat man. When she goes into the kitchenhe either shakes his fist at the door or muttersthings and that is no proper way to treat acook who takes an interest in the family.""Well, how long are you going to stand it?""Forever, I guess," replied Mrs. B. "She isTHE MONTHLY MAGAZINE13H9Isuch a whirlwind of activity I'll never find agood, calm place to break in. If I endeavorto criticise her cooking she immediately acceptsmy apology and says it's all right. If I wereto give her notice she would say that she'd stayjust the same, that she can get along with me,and doesn't mind when I meddle. Good nature? You never say anj'thing like it. I neverknew that good qualities could be so offensive.I am positively floored. I am going to stayright here in bed until I can get hold of myself.Anyhow, Adolphine tells me that I am not toget up for dinner.""Land's sake!" gasped the visitor, "you havecertainly lost your grip.""I certainly have," sighed Mrs. B. "Adolphine's got it."Fancy SandwichesThe term sandwich today does not mean simply a filling placed between slices of bread. Itmay be pastry filled with jellies, jams or sweetpastes, sponge cakes lined with delicious mixtures, puff pastry with dried fruits and juices,or bread and biscuits filled with savory mixtures. Every season some novelty is added tothe list.Day-old bread is best for sandwiches, unlessthe' are to be rolled or folded; in that case,bread not older than six hours must be used.Butter should be creamed to remove all moisture, and the crusts removed from the loaf before it is cut into slices. To cream the butter,place it in a bowl and work with a silver forkuntil it is smooth and creanry. Drain off theliquid that will collect in the bottom, then witha knife spread the slices evenly and thinly.When mayonnaise dressing is used with the filling, butter may be omitted.The most economical way to serve sandwiches, and one which does not detract fromtheir attractive appearance, is to cut the slicesof bread into strips, triangles or halves. Therewill be no waste as when they are cut intodiamond, heart or other fancy shapes, requiringcutters.When meats are chopped, it is wise to mixthem with boiled or mayonnaise dressing, orwith creamed butter, before spreading. Thiswill prevent the fine pieces of meat from spilling out when served. When serving lettucesandwiches, clean the lettuce several hours before, tying the wet lettuce in a cheeseclothsquare to absorb the moisture, then hang in acool place.The seasoning of the various mixtures is asmuch an art as making the sandwiches. A little mustard improves the flavor of boiled hamor tongue. Horseradish will be an addition toroast beef; tomato catsup, capers, olives andcold mint sauce to lamb. Minced celery orcelery salt will season chicken or veal deliciously, and for all fish fillings a little lemon juiceshould be used. Onion juice or minced onion,chives or a tiny bit of garlic may be addedto cheese filling. For hard-boiled eggs addchopped pimentoes, or mince the small olivesstuffed with red peppers, known as pimolas.Chopped parsley is popular and will flavor anymeat or fish sandwiches. Be careful not to usetoo much.Cucumbers and cabbage may be used withmayonnaise, but they must, like lettuce, beplaced between the bread only a short timebefore serving, or they will lose the crispnesswhich is their most desirable feature. The cucumbers must be cut into shaving-like slices,and the cabbage may be either shredded orchopped. Watercress and nasturtuim foliageare not as much used as they should be. Bothcombine nicely with meat, fish and fowl.When necessary to make sandwiches severalhours before using, omit the fresh foliage fillings, like lettuce. Wrap them in a paraffinpaper and cover with a damp cloth. Not a wetcloth, remember, but just sufficiently moist tokeep the bread fresh. If possible, lay them ina stone crock and cover with the moist cloth.A novel sandwich, but one very difficult tomake, is the checker and Harlequin tadbit.The necessities are a loaf of Boston brown andone of white bread baked in pans much thesame size to avoid waste. (There need be nowaste of any bread if the cuttings are dried,then crushed and placed in airtight jars forpuddings or croquette or oyster crumbing.)The two kinds of bread are freed from theircrusts, then cut into slices of the same thickness. Spread thickly enough with creamed butter seasoned with celery salt, chopped olives,and red peppers, or a bit of onion or chives;then work this into a paste. No other fillingwill allow of the bread being made into thesesandwiches. Place the slices together, pressingdown gently but firmly; then cut into slices halfan inch wide and divide into suitable slicesagain. These are Harlequins. For the checkersarrange the slices of brown and white breadafter cutting into Harlequins, so the alternateslices will bring first the brown slice, then thewhite over each other. Each slice of brownand white strips must be spread with the creamedbutter before laying the other on, in orderto keep them firm. Then cut down throughfrom the end and a slice of checkers will bethe result. Place these where they will keepcold, to prevent the butter melting and thusloosening the checkers.For sardine sandwiches, remove the skin andbones from the fish; lay the flesh on butteredbread; then cover with a paste made of theyolks of two hard-boiled eggs, rubbed with onetablespoonful of pimento paste, one teaspoonfulof prepared horseradish, and a pinch of drj'mustard and salt.Graham or entire wheat bread is best for fruitsandwiches. Sprinkle with any desired candiedfruits, chopped fine with English walnuts. Anyother nut kernel may be chopped and spreadalone over buttered bread for filling.Caviar sandwiches are made by adding tendrops of onion juice to every two tablespoonfulsof caviar, enough lemon juice to suit, thenspreading on thin slices of rye bread, in whichcaraway seed has been baked.For rolled sandwiches, spread with butter andfilling, then begin at one end and roll as forjelly cake. Secure with tiny wooden skewersand lay side by side on a towel or napkin untilall are rolled; then pin closely, being careful notto crush, to prevent unfolding. Set in a moistplace until ready to serve.Stem, rinse and chop dried figs; add half thequantity of chopped nut meats and moisten witha little currant or quince jelly; spread over buttered wholewheat bread and press together.For toast sandwiches the bread must be delicately browned and cut into shape before toasting. The cheese filling may be of the slicedcheese, add enough sweet cream to make itcreamy, season with paprika, and while hotspread on one piece of hot toast; then pressthe other on top and serve at once.KiCIDCDDE3C3EJtbeen called East suddenly on business. Anddriven to desperation, one of them forged acheck for $500."One of the leading members of the facultyof their college was Professor Cowrie, a manof brilliant attainments, but very unpopularwith all the college boys. Professor Cowriewas the proud father of an only son, who hadjust graduated from an Eastern college, andwho had, through the influence of his father,been given a professorship in the college whichthe boys attended. The bespectacled youngman seemed to be the replica of his father, sohis advent was far from popular with the boys,and a number of the wilder spirits, amongwhom were included the two boys of mystory, had arranged a celebration in his honor.They had had painted upon a large banner amost excellent picture of a calf with large spectacles astride its nose, and under it were theletters, 'Welcome, Little Stranger.' Late Saturday night the boys hung this banner onropes stretching across the path that led to theA Son of Dixie(Continued from page 5)church from the roof of one tall college building to another. Hundreds of delighted spectators flocked to see it Sunday morning, untilit was ordered down," and the smile in theColonel's eyes as he told of this reminiscencewas reflected on the faces of his attentive listeners. "The joke, however," continued theColonel, "was marred by an accident, whichproved very serious in more ways than one.One of the boys in climbing from the rooffell and broke his right arm and fractured several ribs, and although an effort was made tokeep this quiet, it soon became known, and thenext day the faculty expelled these two boys.The injured boy was my son, the other wasWood Shelby, who had written to me immediately after the accident. My son had alsorequested him to inform me, in this letter, ofthe forging of the check. Wood, however, feeling that he had incurred his father's displeasurebeyond forgiveness, determined to go West, anddesiring to save his injured chum as much painas possible, took his chum's fault upon his ownshoulders, and stated in his letter to me thathe had forged my name and promised to paythe money as soon as he was able. As soon asI received the letter I hastened to my son'sbedside, and when I got there I found Woodcompletely worn out. I told him to go to bedand that he need not worry over other matters; instea'd of doing so, he disappeared, andI have heard from him but once, until today,and that was when he sent me $500 as he had (promised to do. My son was ill for a longtime after that, and, as you know, we tookhim to the south of France for his health, andI did not know until several months after that,that it was Harry, not Wood, that had committed the forgery. That is my story, Major,of one boy's affection and self-sacrifice foranother."There were tears in the Major's eyes as heturned to his son and said, "My boy, you'llforgive your old father for having thought soharshly of you all these years?"(Continued on page 14)14THE MONTHLY MAGAZINEWood answered: "Father, I'm the 'one to beg forgiveness, for had itnot been for my folly none of thesethings would have happened, so let'sforget the past; we'll try to havenothing but happiness in the future.""Indeed, we will, my boy," and theMajor took his son's hand, whichhad been resting on his shoulderand pressed it with tender affection."But, Wood, I fear that we havebeen remiss in hospitality to ourguests. See if old Sam hasn't gotsomething to please them. You'llpardon me, Jean and Richard, but Iwas so interested in your story, andso glad to see you both, that I almost forgot my duties as a host."Wood went to the door and calledSam, who responded, "I'm coming,Mr. Wood." A tinkling sound heralded Sam's approach as he appearedwith smiling black face and curlywhite hair, almost hidden behind aforest of green.Wood took one of the glassesfrom the tray, and said, "Jean, you'llhave a julip, won't you?"And the Colonel answered for her,"Indeed she will, Wood, for I wantto propose a toast."And as Wood, with deep admiration in his eyes for the beautiful girl,half reclining in the depths of thearm-chair, handed her a glass, shesaid, "Sam, if this is one of tho-efamous old Shelby julips, I canspeak for myself," and as shetookthe glass she arose and said, "Nowfor the toast, father.""Major, to our two dear Kentuckyboys."(To be Continued')The Kentucky AgriculturalExperiment Stationand its Work(Continued from page 7)ume of correspondence is being carried on, in response to inquiries onall conceivable horticultural subjects,ranging from the treatment of someailing house plant, to plans for a detailed scheme of planting, and subsequent management, for a greatcommercial orchard. At present,special aid is being given in spraying demonstrations in widely separated orchards and vineyards, andin response to the awakening interest in this important phase of or-chard practice.Such demonstrations and practicalaid to the fruit grower, in methodsof saving his crop from the ravagesof insects and disease, give a mosteffective and convincing argumentfor the need of such -practical aidupon the part of the AgriculturalCollege. In later years, special emphasis will perhaps be laid uponother lines of cooperation as thechanging conditions may require.CANDIED MINT LEAVESCommon garden mint is best touse for candying, as peppermintleaves are too fragile in texture.,Pick the leaves from the stalks of,fresh mint, and rinse them gently infresh cold water. Then toss themvery lightly in a soft cloth to dry 1them. Put one cupful of sugar and!half a cupful of water over the fire,and let it boil for four minutes from ,the time it begins to bubble. Do,not stir it at all after the sugar has .dissolved. Remove the sirup from (the fire, let it cool slightly, then, one ;by one, dip in the mint leaves, cov- 1ering each one entirely with thesirup. Dust them on both sides with 1granulated sugar (this is most easily'done by having the sugar spreadover a place and drawing the leafover it, first on one side and then on 'the other), then lay the leaves on (waxed or oiled paper until dry andfirm. 'WE CAN MAKE, THAT OLD HAT LOOK MIGHTY GOODHATSSOFTSTIFFSILKCLEANED, DYEDBLOCKEDRETRIMMEDPanamas and Straw Hats Bleachedand BlockedANY STYLE ANY SIZESend Your Hat to Us or Write Us About itJOHN T. MORAND CO.9th Ave. and Vine St. phone canal 388 CINCINNATI, O.AMPHIONGLEE CLUBAn organization of exceptional talent, witha personnel of individual excellence.Has "made good" where thestrongest demands haveprevailed.Available for concert and entertainmentwork, lodge and social functions,church entertainments,. v societies, banquets, etc.ADDRESSMR. S. W. COFFMANCare of Chamber of Commerce CINCINNATI, OHIOJGcwwWl-BIRTH STONE RINGSGreatest Ring Offer q N LYever made; guaran-teed five years. As 1 M Jan advertisement we I LWTv2 . .1 Uon.-fif,,!B' Ui" WV.14,1 ..gold-filled Ladies' ring with proper stonefor any month. ONLY 12 CENTS instamps to pay for packing and mailing.State size and month.REXFORD CO.93Sj Market St. Philadelphia, Pa.Government PositionsLet us tell you how to get one. Weknow. Get our free catalog. If youdon't pass it won't cost you anything. You must be over 18 yearsof age and have a common schooleducation. Try for a Railway Mailposition, Letter Carrier, P. O.Clerk,Customs or whatever you like.THE N. C. S.BOX 41 LAKE CITY, MINN.GOODa quarterly magazine published and edited by usDA II I TDVTells how to mate' breed' '" feed and care for poultrythe best way. Most complete record system. Provides for 3 months work withpoultry in each issue, along practical,sensible business lines. Quotes prices on teggs from five leading white breeds; also 'incubators and brooders of the best kind.Make big money on poultry by doing itour way. If new in the business be surethat you start right. We can help you.Deals with special crops and intensivefarming, fruit growing, gardening, all supporting poultry. 10c a copy; 25c a year.Write tonight.SH0REW00D FARMS CO., Saugatuck, Mich.WHITE PLYMOUTH ROCKSPrize winning stock, Bred-to-Lay-Sure-to-Pay.Stock for sale. Eggs for hatching.Send 10c for copy "Good Poultry," ourquarterly magazine, 25c a year. Quotesprices, gives valuable record covering 3months work with poultry. The way tomake it pay; the Shorewood way; writetonight.SHOREWOOD FARMS CO., Saugatuck, Mich.S. C. WHITE LEGHORNSThe greatest of all layers; regular eggmachines; Shorewood Strain producedfrom Lady Mourine and Prince Peerless,trap-nested true to standard. Bred-to-Lay-Sure-to-Pay.Stock and eggs forsale; orders booked for future delivery.Send 10c for copy "Good Poultry," ourquarterly magazine, 25c a year, with 3months egg record, each issue practicalinstruction on the business side of poultryraising; the Shorewood way; write tonight. SHOREWOOD FARMS CO., Saugatuck, Mich.Rhode Island WhitesAmerica's "best yet" breed; pure white,every way desirable. In great demand.Bred-to-Lay-Sure-to-Pay. Stock for sale.Egg3 for hatching. Send 10c for copy"Good Poultry," our quarterly magazine,25c a year. Quotes prices, gives valuablerecord covering 3 months work withpoultry. The way to make it pay; theShorewood way; write tonight.SHOREWOOD FARMS CO.Saugatuck, Mich.i a5 apf'EI Hpr fljf"5HBr -"- : v - 3agaMaagww"i a) H ' irrM1 EK ! FH -Wf -"TTf Ml M-r,l''KTF,T,,lgii'ifr"j JAjJBHHP H vw , jjL . ?r ' -" -CHRISTIAN MARTYRS GIVEN TO THE LIONSCHRISTIANITY is the greatest fact in history. The early Christians endured martyrdom rather than forsake Principle. Thepicture shown herewith, from Ridpath's History, depicts 87,000 people assembled in the Coliseum at Rome to witness the. Christians given to the lions. In such a scene may be read the inevitable doom of the Empire that ruled the world. The blood of the Martyrs is the seed from whichChristian civilization sprang. If you would know the history of mankind every sacrifice for principle, every struggle for liberty, every conflict and every achievement, from thedawn of civilization down to the present time then embrace this splendid opportunity to place in your homeRidpath's History of the WorldDr. John Clark Ridpath is universally recognized as America's greatest historian. The English speaking world has endorsed this workas the only History of the World worth having. We have shipped this splendid set of books to delighted readers living in every State in the Union, and everypurchaser is more than satisfied. We have onl a few sets remaining, brand new, beautifully bound in half morocco, which we offer at a very low price and on easy terms.Never Again Such a Book Bargain as This!We will name our price and easy terms only in direct letters to those sending the coupon below. Tear off the coupon, write name and address plainlyand mail now before you forget it. Dr. Ridpath is dead, his work is done, but his family derive their income from his History and to printour price broadcast for the sake of more quickly selling these sets would cause great injury to future sales. No agent will call. Sample pages free.President McKinleysaid: "I am familiar with the merits ofRidpath's History of the World, and cordially commend it to the scholar as wellas to the plain people generally."William J. Bryansaid: "Dr. Ridpath's History of the Worldis a lasting monument to the author'sintelligence and industry. It is thoroughand comprehensive, and will be a permanent help to an increasing number as areference library."President WarrenBoston University, said: "I should beglad to see it placed in the library of everyyoung person in the United States, andeven in the English speaking world. Infamilies where there are bright children itwill render excellent service to the cause ofpopular intelligence."Bishop Vincentsaid: "Ridpath's History is in clear andagreeable style, comprehensive in treatment, readable type and admirable illustrations. This set of books is a permanentcollege chair of general history in one'sown house."EJIfeRPliIKSf?ff4nilKk!'' mtas&Handzfx , W Zzr.z nK Pgt f" w , v-o aw , aK H H, t V ? - tSS5?w' P Ht (' -&r;.: ! WKr ?91 ft '-C; mk Wr M1 ?' fH wm "- mmmmmmmmszzzz m ii3liS9B5- 1NineBeautifulRoyalOctavoVolumes4,000 double column pages2,000 superb illustrationsRIDPATH'S enviable position as an historian is due to hiswonderfully beautiful style, a style no other historian has ever equalled.He pictures the great historical events as though they were happening beforeyour eyes; he carries you with him to see the battles of old; to meet kingsand queens and warriors; to sit in the Roman Senate; to march against Saladinand his dark-skinned followers; to sail the Southern Seas with Drake; to circumnavigate the globe with Magellan; to watch the Greek spearmen workhavoc with the Persian hordes on the field of Marathon. He combines absorbing interest with supreme reliability.RIDPATH in your home means you need never spend a lonelyevening You can associate with the world's heroes; youcan cross the Rubicon with Caesar, after which Rome was free no more. You can sit at the feet ofcocrates the loftiest genius of the ancient world. It is ennobling to communewith these children of destiny. To be associated with great men and events isto be great one's self, and you will add to your store of knowledge, which ispower, and to the richness of your life.RIDPATH takes you back to the dawn of history, long beforethe pyramids of Egypt were built; down through the romantic, troubled timesof Chaldea's grandeur and Assyria's magnificence: of Babylonia's wealth andliixurv of Grecian and Roman splendor; of Mohammedan culture and refinement-'of French elegance and British power; of American patriotism andreligious freedom, to the dawn of yesterday. He covers every race, every nation,every- time, and holds you spellbound by his wonderful eloquence. Nothingmore interesting, absorbing and inspiring was ever written by man.FREECOUPONSend CouponTodayoesvvX Irvrr iYri. rvVvK,or- "aXT.Vk. r-Fv .ro-V amrv-"O IDPATH throws the mantle of personality over the old herof history. Alexander is there: patriot, warrior, statesman, diplomat.crowning the glory of Grecian history. Xerxes, from his mountain platform sees Themistocles. with three hundred and fifty Greek shipssmash his .Persian neet of over a thousand sail, and help to mouiatne language in which this paragraph Is written. Rome percneJero upon the greatest throne on earth, and so sets up a poormadman s name to stand for countless centuries as the synnonym or savage cruelty: Napoleon fights Waterloo againunder your very eyes, and reels before the iron fact thatat last the end of nis gilded dream has come. Bismanis there, gruff, overbearing, a giant pugilist in thediplomatic ring, laughing with grim disdain atlFrance, which savs "Yon shnll not." TVashincrnn FTVA.-r . . . -is tnere. "lour-square to all the winds, grave.rvthoughtful, proof against the wiles of Britishstrategy and the poisoned darts of falfriends; clear-seeing over the heads ofhis fellow-countrymen, and on into anotner century, the most colossalworld-figure of his time.WESTERNNEWSPAPERASSOCIATIONH. E. SEVER, President140 So. Dearborn St., ChicagoP!eae mail without cost to me. vour 46 Daeesample bookletof hidDath's History of the World.containing photogravures of NaDoleon and OueenEIizabeth. eiiKrainES of Socrates. Caesar and Phnk-n-speare, map of C hina and Japan, diagram of Panama Canal,1 write me full particulars of our sneeial offpr in AssociatedPublisher's Magazine readers.NAMEADDRESS.3::4"The splendid power to charm, to please,To add to happiness, to joy and ease,Dwells within the walls of these."V -The Otto Grau PianoCompany222-224 West Fourth StreetCINCINNATI, OHIORepresent exclusively the following famous makes ofPianos and Player-Pianos:my sumdl So Go OimdlemsunipJo sumdl Co Fnsdhweir,, P&clssurdLL Sekmfe Cmpaimyi, Ho PD Mdlsoimarmer aimd Ccorapaimyj, Walwirft9 Wafer,Girllaairdlp Mayimaurdlj, Marlboro, wMa mma:arcAnd Our OwnGrau Pianos Player-PianosPronounced by experts as possessing the highestdegree of artistic meritSatisfactory arrangements can be made on theTerm Payment PlanA Complete New Line of Victrolasv and Victor RecordsHas Just Been InstalledAbsolutely New Music for your Player-Piano at the following prices:$1.75 Rolls at1.50 Rolls at -1.25Rolls at1.00 Rolls at -.75Rolls at.50 Rolls at -90c- 88c79c- 63c44c- 33cVictrola Prices from $15 to $200Sold on the Grau Convenient Payment PlanImmediate Attention Given to MailOrdersY A yykBftSJPIt would be a pleasure to show you any of our fine lines or to answer any inquiries by mailI71-