BOURBONWEWS;A.. -.. s- -4irj?-- --'PUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JUNE 24 1913FUND TOTALS $44,520.-. .-jMfsiNiflNjrivmwftrnCampaign for the Y. M. C. A. BuildingClosed Last Night?1V3.A-"J-Biing Us YourWatch WorkWe are MffieientWe are PromptTry us.3-j..jpUZZZ1 LGAIMRfISMII 1 M I I 7b. WVf21 lbs. the Best Lf CCEastern Sugar vV iff(With a $3.00 Purchase) Sff3-lb Hunter's Brand Pie Peaches . . . 25cPork and Beans, per can . 7c !Kegular 10c size (IJSFancy'Dried Peaches, per lb 1 Oc jjj, These are the 15c and 20c grade. . fXS2 1-2 lb. can of Griffin & Skelley's Asparagns: . . . ..20c WFLOUR- wLancaster's Pride k.251b. Sack .' $.80 - , jff501b. Sack : : 1.60 w1001b. Sack 3.15 )KT- We Have Fresh Fish Every Friday WT. C. LEINIHAN. J, Ca?h Grocery. $s Both Phones 234 WmIVfASVkll,rsrmmmmi&ySWTCr0 v2rJi&.Strain Hats and.Panama HatsIn all the Latest Styles and atPrices in Reach of Everybody& M tSummer UnderwearB. V.D. in Union Suits in Separate Garments.2K? Plain Balbriggin in Union Suits and Separate Gar-ments.? Porus Knit in Union Suits and Separate Garments.M Scriven-in Union Suits and Separate Garments.mmOur Prices on Underwear 25 to $2PRI6&& 60. GlOWSand FurnishersW&7zZfr$ZmtllimSsfewW3i&jrww&wSnSfc-"" IT V ?!? 'Sti VT3 77 wTV 5TST"Mr15SThe closingday of the campaign forthe Y. M. C. A. fund was marked with 1unexpected and highly-satisfactory re-1suits, and the total sum raised duringme weeK announced at tne meetingof the workers last night was $44,520,a sum of ?9,520 in excess of theamount necessary for the purpose.The closing session of the workerswas largely attended and much enthusiasm was manifested when the resultof the weeks' work was announced. Anumber of very appropriate speecheswere made during the evening.A motion to sustain the organization subject to the call of the Chairman was carried without a dissentingvote.When the total amount subscribedwas announced Saturday, more than$16,000 were needed to meet the required amount but yesterday the workers of the organization were extremelybusy, maintain an active canvas until thee lose. The team composed ofthe boys of the town deserve muchcredit for their efforts and at the closehad been successful in raising about$1,200.r j.a?MAKES PERSONAL PLEA.Bearing a personal plea for immediate action by Congress to revise thebanking and currency laws that business may be aided in meeting tariffeevision, President Wilson for the second time went to the House of Representatives yesterday and personallyread his address on his subject to bothhouses of Congress assembled in jointsession.CANDIDATES FILE PETITION.4.K'. j4Four candidates to be voted for inthe August primary have filed theirpetitions with County Clerk PearcePaton. They are Thomas Holliday,candidate for -the Democratic nomination for Police Judge. John N. Shropshire, justice of the peace from theCenterville precinct, E. P. Thomason,jusice of the peace from Millersburg precinct, and L. J. Fretwell, candidate for Magistrate from the Parisprecinct1. Candidates for the variouscounty and city offices have one weekin which to file their petitions whichmust be in the office of the CountyClerk thirty days prior to the date ofthe election."WE .KNOW HOW"If You Have' - $10 to Spendv Just come to this stcre and invest it in one' of these two-piece Summer Suits which we areselling for a "Ten-Spot."If you want to .see real values just glanceat our windows and you will be convinced that'we can give' you a better suit than can be purchased at any other store in town for a greatdeal more money.These suits are all well made and trimmed. Coats are 1-2 lined with light-weightalpaca. Trousers either plain or cuff bottoms, "belt strap, medium peg top or regularshape- Si&s to fit anyone. - - ;XX.TAKEVFIRST GAMEPais DVeats Carlise Team By a Scoreof 3 to 2.:iIn the first game of the Paris teamSunday afternoon, the Carlisle teaih I iiConsidering the amountof practice thelocals displayed considerable speedand but for the errors in the second inning the visitors would not haVescored against Linville, who was inexcellent form.The Paris boys were able to connectwith Barnett's curves when they needed safe drives and an error in the seventh gave them the winning run.Reeves, for Paris, starred with the batgetting two hits out of three trips tothe plate and stole two bases. Alexander, the Paris catcher, sustained aninjury to his right hand in the fourthinning and was compelled to retire infavor of Beasley, who finished thegame. The score follows:Paris.. ..'.. ..0 1100010 x 3Carlisle 0 2000000 02Batteries Paris Linville and Alexander and Beasley; Carlisle Barnettand Button.Errors Paris 2; Carlisle 2.Hits Paris 7; Carlisle 4.Two base hits Swearingen, Reeves.Stolen bases Reeves 2, Martin,Yates.Struck out By Linville 7; by Barnett 5.Passed ball Beasley.Earnedvruns Paris 2...Stetson Shoes andStetson HatsManhattan Shirts inbright, snappySpring stylesMitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to Mien Paris, KentuckymtLflBiiiuiiiiiiiiii- ixrixn:initiiiiiiiiuiiiii n Liiuii ii 1 1 1 1 1 1 u 1 1 1 1 1 1 ii iu ii 1 1 u iin i 1 1 1 1 irriiiiii ii iiu uuMiiuiiiiiiniiiiiuuiiirJii m; cHEART. TROUBLEFata!to J. C. Layson, ProminentBourbon Farmer.Mr. J. C. Layson, aged 65 years,died suddenly Friday at his home nearMillersburg. Mr. Layson had beerufa sufferer from heart trouble formany years, but there was nothing toindicate that his condition was serious. He was in Millersburg Thursday afternoon and remained untilnightfall, when he returned to hiscountry home, about three miles westas comfortable-as usual. Some timeafter twelve o'clock Jhis wife awokeajid found him out of bed, standingnear an open window in the frontroom. She asked him if he was sick.He replied that he was having theworst spell he had ever had. She immediately called Dr. Smith 'over thetelephone, but Mr. Layson had expired before the arrival of the physician. Mr. Layson was one of Bourbon'smost prominent farmers. He issurvived by his wife, one daughter,MrsJD. E. Clarke, of this city; foursons, Messrs., John B. Layson, of Co-rina, Can.; Stanley Layson, Rose-water, Can.; Louis Layson, Detroit,Mich.; and William Layson, Chattanooga, Tenn.Mr. Layson was a life-long memberof the Presbyterian church and at thetime of his death held fehe office ofdeacon. He was a son of the lateJed Layson, and is also survived bytwo brothers, Col. W. M. Layson, ofMillersburg; Mr. Edward Layson, ofMexico, Mo.; three sisters, Mrs. Garrett Weathers, of Clintonville, andMisses Mattie and Eugenia Layson, ofMexico, Mo.I)FRANK & COThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.MC " f ja. 03!Messrs. GVC. Thompson and Lucien Arnsparger will entertain' with adance at Elks' Hall on the evening ofJulyf4. ;m i!Summer Goods vOur Stock of Wash Materials, for Summer Suits, Dresses7Skirts and Coats comprise all the new weaves and coloringsRatines Linens PiquesCordalines Crepe ' Voilesx . With trimming suitable for same .Ready-to-Wear GarmentsGingham and White Dresses for Misses 'and Children.White and Colored Washable Suits, Dresses -and Skirtsfor Ladies and Misses.v For Your Summer Trip .' Tryone of our Trunks or Suit Cases" '- : WOOLEN SUITS ' '" ;:We jiave on hand about twenty five Suits alKthisSpring's styles, mostly small sizes. This is a spleddid opportunity to buy a good suit at juSi: a little more than theprice. of sa skirt. Why not buy one for your daughter'snext Fall school Suit? 'Twould be economical. N' PRICES HEREare as low as consistent with high-grade merchandise weoffer. Come in and inspect our stock. We want your trade 'I FRANK fc CiniimiiiiiriniigiM Mw w wXRSBuR22KZS2R3vSv9B XKjffi9K3H3Kim9iWwPifPivV - " v & m, 4jv .t-?- VTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 24 1913,IAfP . JTt. .iuioes Kjnaito Sverv uiNew models and exclusive patterns areshown at all times in our display of Women'sFootwear. Every pair of these Shoes alsoshow elegance of finish and grace In each particular line. We can give you fitting qualitiesin Shoes which cannot be excelled, and as toservice, it need only be said that our Shoes aremade by the best Shoe makers in the world.We can give them to you in widths as narrowas AA.We invite your inspection.Geo. Mc Williams,L.Phones 301&&'&!2y $3Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.BourbonParis Kentucky.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER-BOTH'PHONES BAY 137; NIGHT 299.M. A. CAHAL.Barber Shop.First-Class Workmen.. Polite and Prompt Attentionto All.Hot and Cold BathsWe Thank You For a Share ofYourJPatronage.M 1Kentucky Traction andTerminal Co.INTERURBAN SCHEDULE.Lve. Lexington Lve. Paris5 for Paris For Lexington.x6.00 a m 6.45 a m7.20 a m x7.30 a mx8.00 a m 8.15 a m8.50 am x9.00 a mv 10.20 am 9.45am11.50 a m 11.15 a m1.20 p m 12,45 p m2.50 p m 2.15 p m; 3.30 p m 3.45 p m- ',4.20 pm 4.30 pan5.00 p m 5.15 p m8.00 p m - 6.00 p m7.20'p m 6.45 p m9.10 p m ' 8.15 pm11.00 p m -vlO.05 p m:f - xDaily Except Sunday.. ' v m ., - o - 'nfuippeaiomanIThe Shoe ManJ.Lli.lllVld.lMPiUfiliMWest 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in '-oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes heck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered.'your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateevLaundry,&mFACTS ABOUT FLIES.Flies make milk impure.Flies do nothing- but harm.Flies are wholesale murderers.Flies bring summer complaintFlies cause epidemics of disease.Flies do not belong in this town.Flies find nothing too filthy to eat.Flies spread the hookworm disease.Flies kill 100,000 people in this country every year.Flies carry death about on their hairylegs and wings.Flies cost the United States $500,000,000 annually.Flies are responsible for the majorityof deaths among children, vTake Plenty of Time to Eat.There is a saying that "rapid eatingis slow suicide." If you have formedthe habit of eating too rapidly you aremost likely suffering from indigestionor constipation, which will result inserious illness eventually unless corrected. Digestion begins first in themouth. Food should be thoroughlymasticated and insalivated. Thenwhen you hate a fullness of the stomach or feel dull and stupid after eating, take one of Chamberlain's Tablets. Ma?y severe cases of stomachtrouble and constipation havebeen cured by the use of these tabletsThey are easy to take and are mostagreeable in effect. Sold by all dealers. " .i-1! '.HE BOURBON' NEWSPABIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 1881 30 Tears of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .$2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisnlav advprf-.ispmcmfa Qi nn ai.inch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach, issue ; reading notices in blacktype, zu cents per line, each issue.wttiuai. uuaima, uans un ctfnaiaates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar mat! er, 10 cents per lineTSpecial rates' for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space a newspaper's stock intrad ii couro 3 of revenue.ANNOUNCEMENTS.The News is authorized to make thefollowing announcements, subiect tothe action of the Democratic PrimaryAugust 2, 1913:For RepresentativeREUBEN HUTCHCRAFI.For State SenatorHON. J. WILL CLAYHTJFTJS HADDENFor Commonwealth's AttorneyVJ.UXU.tt A. JBJKAJDLiEYFor County ClerkPEARCE PATONJ. WALTER PAYNEFor Police JudgeR. S. PORTERL. GRINNANTHOS. J. HOLLIDAYE. B. JANUARYFor CoronerGEO. BL KISERRUDOLPH DAVISFor MayorJ. T. HINTONJAS. Jiff. O'BRIEN.For Police ChiefJ. C. ELGIN, Sr.W. F. LINK vGEO. M. HILLBEN BISHOP jGEO. W. JUDY ,For JailerJOSEPH FARRISW. O. BUTLERFor CouncilmenFirst WardWHITTINGTON MANN.GEO. D. SpEAKES. -W. T. BROOKS.Second Ward. 'W. O. HINTON.BRUCE MILLER.W A. WALLEN.WM. KENNEY,Third WardJACK WOODS.For Assessor. f,R. M. GILKEY. sL. B. Purnellj Deputy.JOHN S. WIGGINS.Wm. Lynch, Deputy.For County Judge ""c. a. McMillan. .For County AttorneyGEO. BATTERTON.For MagistrateERNEST MARTIN, ParisL. J. FRETWELL, ParisA. L. STEVENSON,ClintonvilleR. O. TURNER, Ruddles Mills.For SheriffW.F. TALBOTT,W. G. McCLINTOCK, DeputyJ. O. MARSHALL, DeputyKentucky Fair Dates.The following are the dates fixedfor holding the Kentucky fairs in 1913as far as reported:Mt. Sterling, July 234 days.Harrodsburg, Julyv29 4 days.Madisonville, July 29 4 days.Uniontown, Aug. 5 5 days.Taylorsville, Aug. 5 4 days.Tri-County Fair (Carroll, Gallatin,Owen), Saunders, Aug. 6 4 days., Danville, Aug. 63 days.Blue Grass Fair, Lexington, Aug. 116 days.Mt. Vernon, Aug. 6 3 days.Winchester, Aug. 6 i days.Berea, Aug. 73 days.Fern Creek (Buechel), Aug. 12 4days.Leitchfield, Aug. 123 days.Henderson, Aug. 12 5 days.Brodhead, Aug. 133 days.Perryville, Aug. 133 days.Vanceburg, Aug. 134 days.,PARIS, vAUG. 195 days.Hardinsburg, Aug. 193 days.Lawrenceburg, Aug. 194 days.Shepherdsville, Aug. 194 days.Erlanger, Aug. 20 4 days.Stanford, Aug. 203 days.Ewing, Aug. 213 days.Eminence, Aug. 21 3 days.Elizabethtown, Aug. 263 days.Shelbyville, Aug. 264 days.London, Aug. 26 4 days.Nicholas ville, Aug. 26 3 days.Florence, Aug. 27 4 days.Germantown, Aug. 27 4 days.Alexandria, Sept. 2 5 days.Fulton, Sept. 2 5 days.Frankfort, Sept. 2 4 days.Somerset, Sept. 24 days.Bardstown, Sept. 3 4 days.Barboursville, Sept. 3 3 days.Tompkinsville, Sept.. 3 4 days."Franklin, Sept. 4 3 days. vHodgenville, Sept. 9 3 days.Monticello, Sept.-9 4 days.Morgaatown, Septal! 3 days., 'THIRTY-NIJE CONVICTSLIVE IN FORMER OVEN.A medical report on conditions jnthe prison at Piiaigorsk, the chiefpenal establishment in the Caucasus,disclosed a shocking condition oflife. The Commission of Inquiry waspresided over by Dr. Pisniatcheveky,Inspector of the Caucasian MineralSprings, and it contained a numberof army doctors. They visited theprison in consequence of 'complaintsfrom the local Health Committeethat disease was spread from it in thesurrounding country.The commissioners found that inone chamber of the prison marked toaccommodate nineteen men therewere forty-five occupants; in anothermarked for sixteen men there wereforty-one occupants. In yet another,which was an underground cellarseven feet high, there were thirtynine human beings, huddled togethermuch as in the Black Hole of Calcutta. The place had once been theoven of a military bakery, and wasnot meant for human habitation.There had been cases of death fromsuffocation through sheer impossibility to breathe air.Only half an hour daily of outdoorexercise was allowed to the inmatesof the dirty, dark, verminous rooms,which were so overcrowded that themen could not even stretch theirlimbs on the cold floor. Eruuptivetyphus had infected all the prisoners.Several had become tuberculosissince entering.The so-called hospital was only abed linen, towels or garments for thesick. There was not even hay orstraw in the mattresses; only 'dust,rags and vermin. The prisoners'berths were laid out in tiers, thelowest eighteen inches from the floorand ranging right up to the roof.TYPHOID BLAMED ON FLY.Glue on Insect's Feet Are Simply Loaded With Bacteria.tKansas City Star.The summer about to dawn is thetenth anniversary of our conclusiveconviction and tangible proof that thecommon nuisance and ubiquitousplague, the pestiferous housefly, produces many dangerous maladies, suchas typhoid, cholera, dysentery, infantile ailments and the like.True enough, ever since the government report about the typhoid fever'among Amerjcan soldier in the Spanish war, the housefly was fairly wellknown to be responsible for the spreadof that infection. It was not, however,until the researches of the ensuingyear had accumulated that the fly'sguilt was established beyond the cavilof a doubt.The probosis, or what you, inightcall the tongue, of the housefly, is amost pernicious organ. Because thecommon fly cannot chew 'or bite orsuck or pierce theskin, food must beserved to the fly in liquid form. Inother words, a fly is always on a soft,liquid or fever diet.As a fly alights upon food it sticksout its tongue or proboscis by meansof a pair of air sacs or vacuum cleaners, which blow out the proboscis justas you blow in a glove to expand thefingers. Another pump of the fly'smouth sucks in the liquid food mixedwith the insect's saliva. The foodpasses throgh the alimentary canaland the undesirable parts are shotforth as flecks of dust and moiteneddirt from the under surface of the fly'sbody.It has been abundantly confirmed byexperiments that the fly not onlystores up food for days and weeks ata time in its crop, but it also regurgitates fresh as well as old food very,often. A fly will thus regurgitate foodout through its mouth and probosismixed with saliva, in order to dissolveand liquify food that is too solid for itto take. Indeed, flies are so filthy intheir habits that they regurgitate andreswallow the same food many times.These regurgitation spots may be seenon white surfaces of .window panes,and are easily distinguished fromspots of waste matter discharged bythe fly, because they aro much lighterin color than the latter.You may thus readily -picture toyourself what takes place when a flygorged' with a liquified diet of typhoid,material, tuberculosis sputum or microbe-richmilk, hops galy here andthere on your berries, butter, sugarbowl and kitchen utensils. The apparently clean 'and harmless fly thatidly glides into your kitchen from thepassing garbage cart in order to havea bit of your breod , your sugar, yourmeat or your butter, regugitates afew times here and there whereverit alights. Briefly, if a fly wishes tosip some nourishment from your tableit must regurgitate several times atleast upon the food it craves. Someof its ejected saliva and food may bethe remnants of fetid repasts obtainedsome days previously from the filthiestplaces.Moreover, the sticky, gluey, cushions upon a fly's feet are literally aliveand swarming with bacteria and otherdisease spreading filth. The gracefulact of the fly walking upside down isdue to this mucilaginous materialpresent upon the insect's feet. Thefootpads of a fly are so glutinous thatthey take up part of anything with,which they come in contact. Everyknown disease germ and contagionhas been recovered from the sole of afly's foot.Expert Barber.Mr. Carl Crawford, a barber of 36years' experience, invites the publicto his new shop at Windsor Hotel.Two chairs. 'Prompt service. Children's work a specialty. Razors honed satisfactorily.QETS GOOD POSITION.Mr. Harry Stivers, son of Mr. andMs.r Sherman Stivers, of Lexington,formerly of this city, who recently received a master degree in civil engineeing a t State University, Lexington, has accepted a position with afirm in Saginaw, Mich. On the morning following his graduation with themaster degree the "diversity officialsreceived a telegram from one of thegraduates of the institution Themessage was turned over to Mr. Stivers, who left a few days ago to accept the position.Woman IsilSNo woman V7ant3 to lock c!d. Alany in their efTcrt to look.youthful resort to the"bc i tydoctu s' r vcn. tlor.s.Thejrmistakeis thatth y visitthcwronawartrnentiathedrtyrstore.Beauty depjr.da upon health.Worn, f lespless nights, ncat?ache, p-ii, Ii3ort!ersf irregularities and weaknesses or a lis n- ' T 'Eij 10 character in ashrt t'nia brintr the dull e. e, th "c-n.- b lact," tnc haggardlook, drooping sho jMers. an J th "i f ivc--i.sf ?.c.To retain thei'ppr'-an' of v r l yj nust retain health.Instead cf lotions, powders and p-ints, i.ok your druggist foEgS2SS22ST&Favorite 'I?resipi2nThis famous medicine atrih-js ct Ihz 7.T7 root of thesoenemies of your jouthfi.1 appearanc Ic maks3 yoa notonly look young, but feel youncr.Your drwsr'st can supply ju In liquid or tei lei farrr;or sardSO one-cent ctimjs te Dr. Pi jrce3 Invalids Hotel and Stir.Cical Inshtuto, Duiialo, M.Y.?2SSSStSZSi'Some Hot News.We will in. a few days'receive a car of'SemiAnthricite Coal. It has the Pocahontas fracture, isa much harder Coal therefore comes a betterpreparation, and is an ideal Furnace Coal.ANALYSISVolatile 30.1 0"" CarbonMoisture,Ash,Is you are interested in a first-class furnaceCoal, come to the yard ofDodson & Denton! TL. UTme nome or Vaooa ioalYards, South Main St. Coth Phones 140Now;(is the time to lay in your Winter CoalXSs&cZti&s&ZZtfmsZ&z&szi1.2,3.Sells My ProductsGets Best PricesBrings Supplies7. Pays. Jb or ltselt Over and Overj .aMMSeven- cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet.Por information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated.,Every WomanCome to the BigCASH - RAISINGTwin Bios. Depaiimeni SloieCorner Seventh and Main Sis. .Big Bargains in Dry Goods,Misses' Skirts, Waists, Dresses, Millinery, JShoes, Slippers, Etc.n Come to The Big Sale,We are agents for Pictorial Patterns, Buster Brown Hose,Bon Bon and W. B. Corsets.if . "Roofs put on twenty-sk years ago are as good as new to-day, andhave never needed repairs. What is the result? Why practicallyevery other shingle manufacturer is trying to imitate it, so be not deceivedlook for the words "Cortright Reg. U. S. Pat. Off" emboed on thecorrugation. It is put there for your protection. Accept no substitute.For Sale hyBest & Hawkins,As &A AsfijQOK7Tfri?n1 trial box nil! to ma:!cd yoj.SlEfckk3e3T3366.00.403.50r i-i i r i1i1JSK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the CumberlandTelephone works for him. ' He will reply:4. Protects the Homel5. Helps the HousewifeE. 6. Increases Profits ; j,Dressgoods, Silks, Ladies' andDesigned and Patentedin 1687The StandardEver SinceMilfersbur?, Ky.K-' rv hs r :"TSfk-..?''S&Jhk.. . Jj .. ,&' r - ."fv?.F"fci- "y-. .-; ;r ," v.yTHE BOURBON ITNEWS, PARIS," KENTUCKY, JUNE. 24 19131,fp M -3kv'fiil - I 1 IVi' '. r'K -VCTY- Zll fi-5xJV.'M 'A 71,fAe Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important in thehome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by petting the oil that burnsclear and clean -without a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Cots no more than the inferiortankwagon oils saves MONEY savesWORK paves eves.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Chas. C. Stoll Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at "Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "No Carb"Auto OiLMiss Margaret K. Caden,310 M ain Street, Lexington, Ky .Special Display of. . .Summer Hats . .Moderate Prices . .(?-j&&s&mmmLow Round,:- llflBMkW ..23-v ,from Paris toNew York30 day limit Tourist fares toNew York $28.0060 day limit variable route fares toNew York $31.95 Boston $35.55Reduced roudd trip fares to many other cities and resorts in the EastSuperior Service to the EastMNATIONAL CONSERVATION EXPOSITION.OUCftCC NIAGARA FAILS.ALBANYMOVTOAL ADIRONDACK MT5tOOO ISLAND7r-IfTi'Wiiy2LV-v"vi'jB IL V M wi. ' w " ii i , -andcNew England Points,See that your tickef reads viaNeork(Mfal LutesMthe world's greatest cataract. (' 1The trip between Albany and New Yorkmay be made by luxurious train or by Hud-,son River steamer all tickets are optional.LkJaFor tickets and all informationsee your localagent or addressE. R. WHELENGeneral Ageat Passenger Department' Cincinnati, Ohio799 JAMAIJGAHATTDAnC"U&iJjQ&mE&Sm I HOOFING J" fNo matter whether the thermometerregisters 105 above or 25 below zero,Amalgamated Arc Roofing lT j t.;i No matter the curves or valleys ofyour roof you need no tin to coverthem, for Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGis very pliable,. It is the Perfect Roofing,and the insurance rate is rio higher thanwhen slate or metal is used.We authorize our agents to refund the moneyaf our Roofing is not perlectly satisfactory., AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO.. Chicago, IllinoisiSold ' by MlllerSDUrg Coal andLumber Co.,Millersburgr, Ky,Faresirip& BostonI-"- r.M -m .w.iir ir A -"-" N.3&L UJBL7SnSiSlfg &MmJ-fikriFor particulars, rates, folders, descriptiveliterature and sleeper reservations, addressW. H. HARRIS, Ticket AgentKNOXVILLE, SEPTEMBER-OCTOBER, 1913BOSTONNCWSYORKI IK .EMHk as.'.lBig Four "The Water-Level Route" 'And take your choice of boat or trainbetween Detroit and Buffalo v andbetween Cleveland and Buffalo. JStop off if vou like at Niagara FallsMMHlHIIHnELECTfflC SPARKS.Eastern Nebraska has 50,000 hydroelectric power to develop.Oil well pumps in Texas are nowoperated by electric motors.Electrically generated ozone i"K usedfor preserving meats in Germany.Nearly 70 per cent, of the gasoleneautomobiles have adopted electric self-starters.The new wireless station at Ft.Mver near Washington, has a range"A over o.uuu ninesThe Pennsylvania railroad has purchased a battery locomotive for yardwork at Altoona shops.J-Some of the finest examples ofelectrically equipped coal mines are tobe found in Nova Scotia."Express packages in nearly all largerailway stations are now handled byelectric trucks and elevators.The Great Northern Railway company will install gas-electric motorcars for its short line work.In 1902 the first electric truck wasused in Boston. Now there are hundreds of 'electric trucks on the streetof that city.Of 10,000 towns in France havingmore than 1,000 inhabitants, about6,000 are without any public lighting.Of the remainder, 1,249 are lightedby gas, 2,763 by electricity and 172by acetylene.In two months 142 old houses werewired for electricity in the city of Nashville. It is a common error to believethat a house built before the adventof electricity cannot be wired withoutruining the walls and ceilings.SOME POSTSCRIPTSThe world is estimated to have28,269,200 square miles of fertile land.Camphor will be cultivated in an ex- jperimental way in Sumatra by sev- jeral planters.A relief map of their city on a largescale is being made for the use of London's blind.A Minnesota inventor has broughtout a box for transporting eggs safely by parcel postA Swiss hydroelectric plant will install a 15,000 horsepower turbine, thelargest in Europe.Pure milk will cling to a needle dipped in it and withdrawn, while, watered milk will not.Ductile metallic tungsten, which canbe drawn into fine wire, is now produced in electric furnaces.If concrete be first given a coat of aten per cent, solution of zinc sulphatepaint will adhere readily.Coal was used in England in theyear 850, in Belgium in 1198 and inChina less than a century later.One jaw of a new nut cracker hasthe usual rough surface, the otherteeth to keep a nut from slipping.A corporation has been formed inCopenhagen to make a business ofcleaning and disinfecting telephones.FACTS AND FANCIESAfter a man has learned what thereis in it for him he has little difficultyin making up his mind.Marriage is a sacred rite throughwhich a man subjects himself to a perpetual cross-examination,iMen wish to talk about their work,women about their neighbors. Andboth are .pretty tiresome.They usually fall for it, but once ina while the tremolo stop sustains a rebuff at the hands of a jury.The robbery of a poor man arousesindignation. But the robbery of arich man merely stimulates applause.The advertising helps some, hut the4most effective agent of the safetyrazor is the barber who extends hispalm in the direction of customers.A Tiogo philosopher says that, asidefrom the fact that a few Mexicanshave been killed, he cannot see thatany great good is being accomplished.Education is a grand good thing,and people are beginning to appreciate it. A good school teacher canmake $50 a month for seven or eightmonths every year.The controversy over the attemptto get Harry Thaw out of Matteawan' strikes a new note. There was atime when any plan for getting at theThaw money was considered legitimate. CAREFULLY THOUGHT OUTThe lazy man finds it easier to saythan do.The strength of a woman lies in theproper display of her weakness.r' In' some cases money is the onlysugar that sweetens matrimony.It's simply impossible for, any onto keep his happiness to himself.United States Discrict Court,Eastern District)! Kentucky,Covington. " 'v Central Home Telephone & Telegraph Co. .... ComplainantVs 'Bourbon County Home Telephone Co. jDefendantPursuant to a decree of sale entered herein in the United States District Court for the Eastern District ofKentucky at Covington, Kentucky, onJanuary 21, 1913, I will offer for saleat the front door of the court house inthe city of Paris, Bourbon county,Kentucky, onTUESDAY, JULY 8, 1913,at 2 o'clock, p. m., the following described property, towit:"All the telephone plant and systemof the Bourbon County Home Telephone Company in Paris, Kentucky,and in Bourbon county,l Kentucky,and all its other property, rights,privileges, franchises and immunitiesof every character and description,whether in action or possession,wheresoever situated, and everythingof value which the Telephone Company owns or is entitled to, includingall the property, accounts, notes, moneys and assets of every description, inthe possession of S. M. Heller, Receiver herein, or in the possession- ofthe United States Trust Company,Trustee."The terms of said sale are as follows "No bid will be accepted from anybidder who shall not place in myhands at the time of making the. bid,as a part of such bid, a pledge that hewill make good his bid if accepted bythe court, either in the sum of tenthousand dollars ($10,000) in moneyor the sum of ten thousand dollars(?10,000) in the form of a certifiedcheck or certicate of deposit, payable to or endorsed to myself as specialmaster; or in lieu of such money orcheck or certificate of deposit, twenty-fivethousand dollars ($25,000) parvalue, of thebonds securedv by themortgage hereby foreclosed.The deposit received from any unsuccessful bidder or bidders shall bereturned to him or them, when theproperty is struck off.In case a bid shall be accepted andthe sale confirmed by this court andflip ccunnpcfiil hiflrlpr shnll onmnlvith all the terms thereof, the cashdeposit made by him shall be cred-ited as part qayment of the purchaseprice.In the event any bidder whose bidhas been accepted, shall fail to comply with any order of the court in regard to the payment of the purchaseprice, the cash, checks, certificates ofdeposit or bonds deposited by himshall be retained as liquidated damages and shall be applied toward theexpense of any resale which may beordered, or toward making good anydeficiency or loss in case the property at a resale shall bring less thanat a prior sale; but, if a bid be accepted and the sale thus made by the Special Master shall not be confirmed bythe court, then the deposit made bythe bidder shall be returned to him.The purchaser shall, as a part ofhis bid and purchase, assume andagree to pay any and all liabilitiesincurred by the receiver since his appoitment, which may remain unpaidon the date of confirmation of sale.Upon the confirmation of sale thepurchaser may pay so much of thepurchase price as may not be required by the order of confirmationto be paid in cash, by paying for andsurrendering outstanding bonds orcoupons secured by the deed of trustherein foreclosed, whether said coupons are attached to or cut fromsaid bonds, and thesaid bonds or coupons shall be received at such priceor value as shall be the equivalentto the amount that the holders thereof would have beenentitled to receivethereon, in case the entire purchaseprice were paid in cash.All bonds and coupons that may beused to make such payment ghall besurrendered to the Special Masterand the amount so paid on said bondsor coupdns or applied thereon shallbe endorsed on said bonds or couponsby the Special Master, and the saidbonds and coupons shall then be returned to the holders or ownersthereof respectively.Any party to this suit or any holderor holders o f the bonds or couponsherein referred to, may bid and purchase atsuch" sale, and shall be required to qualify and make deposit asabove provided.The court reserves the right to resell said property or any part thereof,on such notice as it may direct, incase the purchaser, after confirmation of sale, shallfail or omit to makeany payment upon the unpaid purchase price, within thirty days afterthe entry of an order requiring suchpayment.Said sale may be adjourned or postponed from time to time, on the request of the complainant, or on therequest of the United States TrustCompany, Trustee, or its solicitors.For greater particularity referenceis hereby made to said decree.J. W. MENZIES,Special Master.June 3-10-17-24INCREASE CAPITAL STOCK.The Bourbon Building and Loan Association, of Paris, has decided to increase its capital stock from $200,000to $250,000, and to change the amountof indebtedness which may be incurred by the association from $5,000 to$11,000.Flagged Train With Shirt.Tearing his shirt from his back anOhio man flagged a train and savedit from a wreck, but H. T. Alston, Raleigh, N. C, once prevented a wreckwith Electric Biters. "I was in a terrible plight when I began to use themand my stomach, head, back and kidneys," he writes, "were all badly affected and my liver was' in bad condition but four bottles Electric Bittersmade me feel like a new man." Atrial will convince you of its matthless,merit for the stomach, liver or kidney trouble. Price 50 cents at Oberdorfer's. , ' , A4-Xm &. -L. 6c N. TIME-TABfc EIN EFFECTTrainsNo.341342971040373123326.25'91383853930832TTOfYMA 4-T-.t-n -1 T--in-udubct. ua., sjaiiyLexington. Ky., Daily ? 5il8mCynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday -..:... . .85 amMaysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.33 amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7,40 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday : i.22'amCincinnati, O., Dsily 9r50amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .... ....'.'.'.'. ..'."."- 1090 anaLexington, Ky Daily ;- '.!'!..' 10;15 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky.,- Daily Except Sunday 12.00 mCynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday '. I 3"!l0 pmMaysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday .- 77. 3.15 pmLexington, Ky. . Daily 3.33 pmKnoxvillejTenn.. Daily . 3 25 pm''Maysville, Ky., Daily .".'..".'.." 5"35 pmCincinnati, O , Daily Except Sunday 5f50 pm.Lexington, Ky . , Daily 6,06 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 amJacksonville. Fla., Daily ' 6.18 pm1 51 1 1 1 3.. "O., Daily ip':5o pmTrains IDe-partNo.844294010137373313362625TOCincinnati. O., Daily . 528 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .'.'.".'.'.WW ..". .".WWW" .";."535 amLexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday .'..... f .7.47 amCincinnati, O. , Daily Except Sunday .'. 7:50 arczMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.50 amLexington, Ky., Daily 9.57 amKnoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 amJacksonville, Fla., Daily ;... . . Wo&TamLexington, Ky., Daily ; 10.29amMaysville, K., Daily 12.05 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.04 amLexington, Ky., Daily Excent Sundav .3.83 nm38 Cincinnati, O., 'Daily9xvuwianu, j.y., .uaiiy jaxcepc sunaay 5.56 pmLexington, 'Ky. . Daily Except Sunday 5.5S pmCincinnati, O., Daily 6.23 pmMaysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7-. . .-.6.20 pmCynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday rr.v . .6.35 pmLexington, K., Daily j -. .10.55 pmAtlanta, Ga., Daily .10.57 pm39328303131H' eft? O- THVIB-TABJTJ.EIN EFFECT OCTOBER! 3. 1911.Trains rrrveNo.FROM248Frankfort, Ky. , Daily ExceptiSundaFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .'. . . .. .3.30' pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday jf.. t5l.50 pmTrainsjno. TO37 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday ,1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday1 Frankfort, Ky Daily Except Sundavf SCHKZIjkWSKffif ISpecial Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther Notice"We pay 121-2c for greenbeef Chides. Call us upor bring it to our place.MAX MUNICH,8th Street, PARIS, KYCall East Tenn. Phone 374Professional CardsJ J. WTIjIiTAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.loom 1 Elks Building.DR. A. ti KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's J31d gParis - - KentuckyAdministrator's Notice.All persons having claims againstthe estate of J. H. Butler, deceased,are notified to present same, properlyproven as required hy law, to the undersigned, on or hefore July 10, 1913.W. M. SHOBE,Ex'tr J. H. Butler, deceased.330 Vine 'street.OIONECOPdown the throat of a "srapey"chicken destroys the wormsand saves the chick's life. Afew drops in the drinking waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPESwhite diarrhoea, roup, choleraand other chick diseases.One 50c Bottle ofBourbonPoultryCureMakes 12 Gallons of Medicine. KEvery poultry raiser should keep a bottle ofthis medicine on hand. Write for free sampleand Booklet on "Diseases of Fowls," Address,MUIKN REMEIY COMPANY, LlliH, Ky.For Sale by "W. T. Brooks.i-'-jKf 1ytvBSSrWMAY 4, 1913.A-rrire-ire-'-" lJ0-TUP?. .S.21 am3.4 p,7 44. amIDeipscrt?v..."7.44 am. . . r 9.53 am5.54 pmDr. Wm. Kenney,. PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones ' 36uince rnones j Home mResidence E T 334Kesiaence j HomeCurtis&OverbyI - -Business Men's Barber ShoftJ(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AllHoursNo LongJWaits.A Share of the Public Patronage Solicited.14 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDeposits,Your Deposits Are GuaranteedYOU TAKE NO KISKSIf You Arc Interested ,Write UsUNION STATE BANKMuskogee, Oklahoma'3t.Capital $100,000'fully PaidAdministrator's Notice.wmAll persons having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Sallie B. Turley willplease present the same to the undersigned Administrator on or beforathe first day o August, 1913, provenaccording to law, and all persnraaknowing themselves indebted to ' threstate of Mrs. Sallie B. Turley wilplease pay same to the undersignAdministrator at once.WM. SPARKS,. Leesburg, Ky.Adm'r of Mrs. Sallie B." Turley.10-3t-lew&"-ite310vW?ieQ"SL V "fH?' JfVriHL bourbon; news; parish Kentucky, june 24,1913XVTh Bourbon NewsEstablished Feb. ' 1881.SWIFT QHAMP,vEditorandPublisher(Entered at the Paris Kentucky Postoffice as Mail Matter of the SecondClass.)THE TOWN THAT ISOVERREACHING ITSELF.Our neighboring city of Winchesteris overreaching itself in the business-enterprises, or at least that is what isto be gleaned from an . expression of-the Winchester Democrat, "which advocates a thinning out process to reducethe number sufficiently to meet themeans of support of the people in thatcity. Referring to arecent assignmentthe Democrat says:"A grocery firm is the latest store inWinchester to take advanage of thebankrupt laws, which goes to showthat many lines of business in Winchester are overdone. There is asmuch, or more, money, in circulationliereas in any other town in Kentuckyits size, but as Col. John Garner says:'There are "too many dividers.'There are twenty-five stores in thecity, of different business lines, neither of which are on the Tight side ofthe ledger, but always on the raggededge. They are barely able to gdt byeach year with a scant living and payexpenses. All this is because thereare too many in the same buainess.Everybody knows that this is the caseand Winchester will continue to be'run on paper' unless some of thesethin out and seek other towns wherethere is a better opening.. "In Paris, Mt. Sterling and Richmond these conditions do not exist,consequently a bankrupt or an assignment is a very rare thing. Winchester's Commercial Club's activityis far greater than all these townsput together,but it is a question as towhether it pays to advertise yourtown to the world and bring in business Enterprises that you are unableto support"Unlike our sister city, Paris hasmade but little effort during the pastdecade in securing .enterprises, butwith all this there has been a mostsubstantial increase in this department to meet increase in the city'spopulation. We must agree with theDemocrat that assignments are fewand far among business men of Pariswhich demonstrates that no branchesare overworked, and there is still roomfor other enterprises.With a continuation of the growth ofthe city for the next ten years thathas been experienced during the sameperiodln the past, Paris will take thelead among cities of the same class inCentral Kentucky.Suits $15 and $18.See our Blue Serge Norfolk suifs at$15 and $18 before you buy. They arethe latest thing. We will save youmoney.16-tf HIGGINS & FLANAGAN.LEWIS TO MEET FREDERICKS.Promotor Jerry Wells has arrangedanother match between Ed. "Strangler" Lewis and Bob "Turtle" Fredericks to be staged to-morrow night atthe Opera House in this city. Mr.Walls put on a match in Paris lastweek between Dr. Roller and Fredericks and he had a big house. Thislias encouraged him to stage anothermatch for the Paris sports.All holds including, the strangle andtoe hold, will be allowed in the comingmatch. Lewis arrived in Paris yesterday where he will finish training.Fredericks will train in Lexington.The three matches between Lewisand Fredericks have been unsatisfactory, Lewis ldsing the first one in ahandicap affair, the police stoppingthe second because of unnecessary'joughness, and Fredericks winningthe third one after Lewis had won thefirst fall and seemed a sure winner.HOUSE FURNISHINGS. If you want to getthe bestat the lowestprice, see my stockof house-furnishingsSave you money.J. T. HINTON.COMPARISON WILL PROVE.The Studebaker "35" Touring Caris an electrically staried, electricallylighted, six passeuger car for 1,290.Comparisons will prove conclusivelythat the "35n has- never been equaledvithin several hundred dollars of itsprice.The long, handsome body is swungon easy springs which, in the rear areof the three-quarter elliptic type.The car built for comfort. In finish, both of body and upholstery, it isxich and durable. The two auxiliaryseats, while thoroughly solid and restful, may be instantly folded up out ofthe way or entirely removed.The convenience of the "35" is aijoteworthy characteristic. A pull ofa lever on the steering column startsthe motor. The gear shift levers areoperated handily and both front doorsopen, permitting a driver to eater oriiigkt from cither side. Press a buttouaad tke brilliaut electric head ligars illuminate the road.Jfeahanically and in all its appoiit-Hments, tfce "35' is a most satiafyingcomplex, 1,290. TliirtyAre H. B. Long Stroke Motor, ElectricStarter, Electric Lights and ElectricHorn, Six-Passenger Body, 34 x 4Ttom, Top, Windshield, Speedomoter,Jtetra Rim, etc.BOURBON GARAGE, vDwtrilHtlor for Bourbon County.A CARD TO THE DEMOCRATICVOTERS OF BOURBON COUNTY.To the Democratic Voters of Bourbon: 'When I announced niyself severalweeks ago as a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Coroner ofBourbon county it was my intentionto maTve an active canvassj but thepress of daily employment during abusy season has so far made this impossible, and I have only been successful in presenting my claims to asmall percentage of the voters. Onthe other hand my oponent, with unlimited time and resources has takenevery advantage in furthering hiscandidacy.Notwithstanding the fact that .1have been greatly handicapped in thisrespect I have a number of activefriends who are presenting my claimsand beg the kind indulgence of thevoters of the county whom I may notbe able to see before the August primary. Aside from taking this advantagemy opponent has availed himself ofthe opportunity to circulate, with aview of doing me hawn in my race, unfounded reports that I was the "tool"or candidate of certainpoliticians,hostile to 'his interest, and who wereinstrumental in bringing me out in aneffort to defeat him in the primary.Such reports were false, ana in sofinding, my opponent thought not amoment of making a correction of hisstatements, but left the impressionwith a large number that I was beingused by the politicians, thereby doingme a great injustice, and in the face ofan agreement that we. would resort toon underhand tactics.I cannot but feel that my opponenthas injured me to ascertain extent bythe circulation of such a falsehood,and I take this method of setting myself right before those who might beunder a false impression.It is nothing more than a matter ofjustice to myself that the voters ofBourbon should compare the recordsof the opposing candidates in the racefor Coroner and it is with a great dealof pride that I can point to mine without a blush of shame at having violated a pledge or refusing to supporta nominee after participating in a convention in which he was ''nominatedand who as a participant was in honorbound to suport.This record in my regard has beenhanded down for almost a century, andit is a matter of self-pride that I standby it.On the other hand I can point to aninstance in the political' career of myopoonent, in which he falterd at hispledge, and, after participating in aconvention at which a Democraticcandidate was nominated for Magistrate, devoted his energies in the regular election to have him defeated bya Republican, nominated at a Republican convention, and at the instanceof disgruntled Democrats.The Democrats of Bourbon shouldweigh the matter carefully beforecasting their vote in the August primary, and consider fully the De'mocracy of the opposing candidates before reaching a decision in the matter.With this before the voters I trustto be favorably considered.Very truly '.yours,(Adv.) GEO. M. KISER.CUT GLASS.We will give you some rare bargainsin cut glass and hand-painted China.Come 'and let us show you24-2t FORD CO.BOXING MATCH JULY FOURTH.Local sports will have an opportunity of witnessing a ten-round glovecontest at the opera house in this cityon July 4 between Frank Jeffries,a clever young puglist of Covington,and Bill Keller, a xocal glove artist.Arrrangements have been practicallycompleted for the contest, which willprove quite interesting, owing to theprominence of the two amateur fighters. Keller is now in training forthe match, while his oponent will condition himself in Covington.Day Trip to St. Louis.By leaving Paris on JL. & N. trainat 8:20 a. m., direct connection ismade with the B. & O. S. W. fast -trainleaving Cincinnati at 12 o'clock noon,daily, arriving at St. Louis at 8 o'clockTrain carries elegant high back seatcoaches, parlor cars, electric lightedj dining car, and makes direct connec- 4non in &i .uouis union station withall Western, Northwestern, and Southwestern lines. Other B. & O. S. W.St. Louis fast trains leave Cincinnatidaily 2:15 a. m., 9:00 a. m, and 9:15p. m. Night trains have electricallylighted sleeping cars with individualberth lights. For information as tofares and other particulars, consultyour local ticket agent, or addressS. T. SEELY, T. P. A. B. & O. S.W. R. R., 513 Traction Bldg., Cincinnati, O. 6-lmoSREY HAIR RESTOTO YOUTHFULWhy Have Grey or FadedHair That Makes YouLook OldWhy lose your good looks that youthful, natural colored hair always helpsyou to keep? There is absolutely noneed for it. A few applications ofHay's Hair Health will restore yourgrey hairs to their .natural color andbeauty, almost immediately and it willlook even more beautiful than everyour money back if it doesn't. Get abottle today prove it to your own satisfaction. Always ask for Hay's Hair Health.Don't take chances with any others.Free: Sign this adv. and take it to thefollowing druggists and get a 50c. bottle of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.cake of Harfina Soap; for 50c; or $1.00bottle of Hay's Hair Health and twe26c. cakes of Harfina Soap. Free, for $1.MATRIMONIAL NOTESHUKILL-NICHOLS.- The marriage of Miss Ethel Hukill to Mr. E. E. Nichols, was solemnized Sunday at the home of Mr.and Mrs. T. C .Livingston, on Fifteenth streeet, Sunday afternoon atJfour o'clock. Rev. W. E. Ellis, of theChristian, church officiating.The ceremony was said in the presence of only a few of the most intimate friends of this popular couple,and the wedding came as quite a surprise. The bride is the youngest daughterof Mrs .Lula Hukill, of Paris, a pretty and attractive young woman, whois very papular with a large circle offriends. Mr. Nichols came -to thiscity about two years ago from NewYork, and by his gentlemanly andcourteous manner has won the highestesteem of all those with whom hecame in contacts Their host of admiring friends join in wishing thema happy married life.UKOXTON-CLEMENT.The marriage ceremcmy unitingMiss Clay Wornall Croxton, of Winchester, and Mr. Hayden Clement, willbe solemnized at "Sleepy Hollow," thebeautiful country home of the bride'sparents, Mr. and Mrs. Jos. Croxton, tomorrow evening, at six o'clock. Onlyfamilies and near relatives will bepresent. 'The bride-elect is well-known in thiscity, where she has frequently visitedand. where she is quite a social favorite. 'Miss Croxton is the younger daughter of the home, and is one of Clarkcounty's lovliest young girls. She isa niece of Mrs. W. T. Buckner, of thiscounty, and is very popular here,where she has been a frequent andwelcome visitor. Mr. Clement is amember of a distinguished family,and is one of the most highly respected young men in his home state.Those from a distance who -will attend the. ceremony are: Dr. Louis H.Clement, father of the bridegroom;Donald and Louis Clement, Jr., brothers of the bridegroom, and Mr. Herbert Clement, of Moxville, N. C.FRYMAN.Mrs. W. B. Fyman, aged fifty-oneyears, died at her home on the Bethlehem pike, a few miles from this city,Sunday morning about four o'clock,following an illness of about 'threeweeks. When taken ill, Mrs. Frymanwas taken to a Lexington hospital,where an operation was performed,with the hope of giving the patientrelief, but when complications arosetwo days ago she was brought to herhome. ,Mrs. Fryman was a native of Robertson county. She was a member ofthe Associate Reform Baptist church,possessed a lovely Christian characterand was one of the most popular andwell-known women of this county.Besides her husband, she is survivedby one son, Mr. Everett Fryman, whoresides in Bourbon. Two sisters,Mrs. Hanson Earlywine and Mrs.Linville, of Paris, and four brothers,Messrs. Riley Dodson, of Bourbon,Frank Dodson, of Versailles, Rev.Thomas Dodson, of Harrodsburg, andJoe Dodson, of Nicholas county, alsosurvive.The remains were taken to Carlisleyesterday where they were interred inthe Carlisle cemetery, following a funeral service at the grave.ROOMS FOR RENT.Unfurnished rooms for rent at 1012South Main. Apply to this office.(20-3t)CHILD INJURED BY FALL.While playing at the home of his parents, Friday afternoon, little Jessie Irvine Spratt, the 14-months-old son ofMr. and Mrs. Jessie Spratt, fell againsta rocking chair and seriously injuredits spine. -He was -rendered unconscious for a time, but revived and noj serious results are expected to devel-jop from the injury. Mr. and Mrs.Spratt desire to express their thanksto the number of friends who renderedthem kind assistance following the accident.-ARMSTRONG.Mrs. Mayr Letetia Armstrong, agedseventy-five, died at the St. JosephHospital, in Lexington, Sunday nightat 10 o'clock, following a stroke ofparalysis; which she' suffered a fewdays ago.MrsArmstron had been in declininghealth for some time and about threeweeks ago was, taken to the institution for treatment but without result.Her death came as a shock to hernumber of friends and relatives in thiscity.Mrs. Armstrong was the widow ofMr. Frank Armstrong, one of the mostpopular and best-known citizens oflit ana, wiiu luuueuy servtiu as olierinJ of Bourbon county, and who in lateyears of his life was engaged in theinsurance business. Following thedeath of her husband, she went toCannel City, Ky., where she has sincemade hre home with her daughter,Mrs. Sam Freeze.The remains were brought 'to thisj city yesterday and taken to the homeDEATHSNFUNERALSvl uer sister, ivirs. Annie iumory, onSouth Pleasant street. Mrs. Armstrong was a daughter of the late Mr.and Mrs. Douglas P. Lewis, the fornra prominent farmer of Bourboncounty. Deceased was born in CaneRidge neighborhood.Three sons, Messrs. Frank, Josephand Cassius Armstrong, of Los Angeles, Cal., and Douglas Armstrong,of Chicago, and two daughters, Mrs.Robert Sparks, of Big Stone Gap, Va.,alid Mrs .Sam Freese, of Cannell City,survive.The deceased was a devoted member of the Episcopal Church andpossessed a lovely Christian character. The funeral services will-he heldat the grave in the Paris cemeterythis afteroon, conducted by Rey. G.H. Harris. - f rjPLANS ACCEPTED.A Dronosition submitted by the L.&. N. railway to the Harrison countyFiscal Court last week to, close thegrade crossing at North Main streetand build a street thence east of therailroad to a point opposite the Sladeproperty, there to "build an underpassunder the railroad and come out onMain street -and also to continue thestreet east of the railroad to Churchstreet was adopted.Another proposition submitted bythe railroad to build a viaduct overcut beyond the A. Keller bridge, closing the grade crossing at that point,was carried.Can't Keep It Secret.The splendid work of Chamberlain'sTablets is daily becoming more widely known. No such grand remedy forstomach and liver troubles has everbeen known. For sale by all dealers.A WIRED HOUSEMr,tenants Quickly remark the absence of ElectricLights? Why let your buildings depreciate in rentalvalue? The modern housekeeper wants ElectricLight she knows the rates are now very low sheappreciates the many exclusive advantages and conveniences afforded by Electricity in the home. Thecost of -wiring is probably less than you think. Writeor phone to-day.Paris Gas k Electric Co., Inc.Anybody Can Operaf e Brinley Leverless Cuitivotors WrIBefore You Buy Investigate the"Brinlv Leverless Cultivator.Itvto t hot.ALWAYS IN BALANCENo Neck Weight or Flying Upof Pole.Will Do More Work, Do It Better, Longer and Easierand Without Those Frequent Break-downsYou Have With Other CultivatorsDraft One-fourth Lighter than on Ordinary Cultivators.'Edr Sale ByYerkes & Prichard,FarmMachineryv.DECORATORS -NOW READY.My decorators, have completed largenumber of papering contracts, and,having caught up with the work weare now ready to hang paper onshort notice. Call and select fromthe most complete stock of wall paper in Kentucky.J. T. HINTON.Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.RETAIL MERCHANTS TO MEET.rphp Hpntrnl TCpnt.iifiTrv Retail Merchants' Association, which was or -ganized at Harrodsburg last July, wil provision in the 91S primary act rehold its second annual meeting at quiring candidates state in theirVersailles on the second Tuesday in s petitions to get their names on theJuly. Quite a delegation will go fromhere, and there will be about fiftycounties in Central Kentucky repre -sented at the meeting.TRICKY UP-TO-DATELandlord, don't you noticea tvtDealers,an- - iriWagons, Buggies,HutomoDJies ana uaragcKtive at SeventyMany people at seventyattribute their goodhealth to SCOTT'SEMULSION because itsconcentrated nourishment creates permanentbody-power, and becauseit is devoid of drugs op stimulants.Scott & Bowne, BloomEeld , N. J. 13-22PRIMARY ACT UPHELD.j The Court of Appeals upheld theprimary oanot tnat tney are amnatei, and supported in the last election the' party where they are seekingnomination.thethat prospectivest ia Iw"." tz.Coal tfd Salt,Jf12'k Ar r "iIf!XTHE BOURBON NEWS; pXrIS.'KENTUCKYJUNE .24, 1913 vHAS THE BESTOF ALL UNES MADEHail insurance ontobacco. Oldest company in the business.Thomas&Woodford.BOATING PARTIES.For boating parties, any size, callChippewa Boat Club. E. T. Phone 55.FRUIT JARS.Jars and jelly glasses in all sizes24.2t FORD & CO.INCREASE CAPITAL STOCK.The Bourbon Building and Loan Association, of Paris, has decided to increase its capital stock from $200,000to ?250,000, and to change the amountof indebtedness which may be incurred by the association from $5,000 to$11,000.WATERMELONS ON ICE.Call us either 'phone for fresh watermelons, kept on iceSAUER'S GROCERY,(20-tf) Opp. Court House.BICYCLES AND SUPPLIES. -We have a fine line of bicycles andi'A kinds of supplies. Boys, let us attend to your bicycle troubles.(24-4t) LAVIN & CONNELL.REFUSES OFFER FOR WOOL.Mr. Jos. M. Hall, of this city, Saturday refused the price of 23 centsfor his crop of wool clipped this spring.The offer was made by Lynch & Wiggins, who have been purchasing woolfor several -weeks and is said to be thehighest price offered in the county thisseason.TEACHERS EXAMINED."The examination for county teachers was held Friday and Saturday inthe office of the County School Superintendent, Miss Mabel Robbins.The following took the examination:Miss Margaret Cravens, Miss Virginia Crutcher, Miss Sarah Lail, MissAmanda Rummans, Miss Ida Oder,Miss Kizzie Mae McDanieL Miss OlaGray.KILL AND CATCH THE FLIES.We haveswatters.24-2tall kinds of traps andFORD & CO.MILLERS ELECT OFFICERS.At the annual meet ing held at thePhoenix Hotel, in Lexington, Thursday, the Central Kentucky Millers' Association elected the following officers to serve for the ensuing year:President, J. A. Allen Zaring, Richmond; vice-president, S. G. Sprake,Cynthiana; secretary, B. M. Renick,"Paris; executive committee, T. M. MoEldowney, Winchester, J. AndrewCain, Versailles, W. B. Glass, Wilmore, J. W. Kennedy, Carlisle, R. H.McKinney, Stanford and R. D. Walker, Smithfleld.HEALTH BOARD NOTICE.Those owning weeds and otherkinds of filth will please dispose ofsame at once. Such stuff is uglyandspoils the beauty as well as the healthof a community. Don't let the frostcut your weeds, but send out a strongman with a sharp scythe.A. H. KELLER,(20-tf) Health OfficerON ICE.Melons of the finest variety on ice.It T. LENIHAN.TO LOCATE IN JACKSON.The dispatchers' office of the Lexington & Eastern Railroad which is located in Lexington, will be transferredto Jackson because of the heavy increase in the traffic o the road, due tothe shipments of coal and timber fromthe, fields that are being developed.Six telegraph operators will be employed in the office, among them being Mr.Frank Farmer and H. N. Craigmyle,formerly of Paris, who have been inthe Lexington office since the L. & Nassumed that division of the road.'RASPBERRIES FOR PRESERVING.Leave your narite, if you want anyfor preserves.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.You Will Be Pleased.Get shoe satisfacti6n by trading attf - FELD'S.PENSION LAW IS VALID.The Court of Appeals Friday affirmed the Franklin Circuit Court, upholding the constitutionality of theConfederate pension act of 1912, andgranting James Harp, of Frankfort, aConfederate pensioner, a writ of mandamus requiring-tate -Auditor H. M.Bosworth to issue a warrant for hisFebruary pension claim. Judge Lassing dissented.The opinion of the court was writtenby Chief-Justice HobsoH. Over 600pensions at $10 the month have beengranted, and 300 applications are before the board. It was estimated inthe Attorney-General's brief that thepensions will amount to an annual expenditure of over $300,000.Fine Stationery.'New shipment of Crane's fine stationery in the latest style note paper,envelop, correspondence sards, birthannouncements, etc.6tf . ,..PARIS1 BOOK STORE..SOCIAL AND PERSONAL-Miss Ethel Hyman, ofk Lexington,is the guest of Miss Hazel Wollstein.Mrs. G. N. McKinney returnedSaturday after a visit to relatives inWinchester.Miss Elizabeth Hinton left Saturday for a visit to Miss Jessica Litsey,in Harrodsburg.Miss Phoebe Shackleford has goneto Lake Chautauqua, N. Y., for the remainder of, the summer. "Miss Stella 'Cook, of Cynthiana,is visiting her sister, Mrs. E. C. Cleveland, at her home on the Georgetownpike.Messrs. James Thompson, Chas.E. Butler and Matt Long, of this city,attended court in Winchester yesterday. Miss Kate Wilson, who is ill atthe home of her sister, Mrs. JasperOffutt, on the Lexington pike, showsno improvement.Mrv and Mrs. Jas. C. Dedman, ofCynthiana, have been the pleasantguests of Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft for several da"ys.Reuben, son of Mr. and Mrs. C.Arnsparger, has recovered from a spellof diphtheria, and the quarantine hasbeen lifted from the family.Matlack & Shropshire, of Winchester, recently purchased in Flemingsburg two nice walk-trot horsesfrom Jack Granhis at private prices.Mrs. " Lucy Black and daughter.Miss Lucy Black, of Greencastle, Ind.,are visiting Mrs. G. W. Myers, whocontinues quite ill at her home on Mt.Airy Ave.Prof. T. A. Hendricks, Superintendent of the Paris Public Schools,attended the session of the HighSchool Conference held in Lexingtonlast week.The Maysville Independent: '"'Mrs.W. W. Cherry and children, of Bourbon county, are visiting Mr. W. W.Cherry, storekeeper, on duty at thePogue distillery."Silent Brook, the great sire oftrotting horses, and sire of BillyBurke, 2:03, died Friday at thelarm oi ms owner, ju . it. .untie, inMontgomery county.Master Charlton Alexander Howard, of Covington, the handsome little grandson of Mrs. Belle Alexander,is spending a few weeks at her homeon South Main street.The many friends of Mrs. Jos. M.Hall will be glad to hear that she isconvalescing from a slight surgical operation which was performed at St.Joseph's Hospita.1, iu Lexington, lastweek.Mrs. Edwin G. Bedford, Jr., ofOklahoma City, Okla., has been theguest for several days of Mrs. T. H.Tarr. Mrs. Bedford has been visiting her aunt, Mrs. Sidener, in Mt.Sterling.Mesrs. Geo. R. Bell, W. B. Allen,J. W. Davis, J. W. Davis, Jr., W. H.McMillan, Silas Bedford, and Mr. andMrs. J. U. Boardman have returnedfrom a pleasant stay at OlympianSprings.Miss Charlina Ball will entertainwith a Five Hundred party at hercountry home on the Maysville piketomorrow evening in honor of MissMary Stuart Alexander, of North Carolina, who is the charming guest ofMiss Alice Rogers Clay.Miss Elizabeth Yerkes entertained with a neighborhood party Saturday evening at her homeon SouthMain street for her guest, Miss Harriet Rogers, of Mt. Sterling. Fivehundred was played at two tables andrefreshments of ices and cakes wereserved.Mr. and Mrs. D. G. Taylor entertained last week the following houseparty at their delightful country home, 1ucai ociiieiviiie. an. uiiu ivirs. J. jj .Eddy and son, Mr. Daniel Eddy, of Louisville; Mrs. Louis Eddy, of St. Louis;Mr. and Mrs W. W. Ferguson, ofMinneapolis, Minn., and Miss SaraDudley Tracy, of Winchester.One of the pretty society eventsof the season was the dance givenFriday evening at Elks' Hall by Mr.and Mrs. Sidney G. Clay and MissAlice Rogers Clay, in compliment toMiss Elizabeth Stuart Alexander, ofI South Carolina, the attractive guestof Miss Clay.The dance hall was attractive In itsdecorations of field daisies and Dorothy Perkins roses. Frappe wasserved the guests during the -evening.During the intermission refreshmentsof ices and cakes were served.The music for the occasion was rendered by the Thomas Saxaphone Trio,of Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. Clay, Miss Alexander,Miss Harriet Rogers and Mr. DukeBrown received the guests. Follow-ing are those who were presentMisses Alice Rogers Clay, MaryStuart Alexander, Elizabeth Renick,Elizabeth Brown, Elizabeth Fisher,Elizabeth Clay Alexander, CatherineMarsh, Catherine Wilson, Anna Wilson, Marion'Alxander, Margaret Ferguson, Caroline Colcord, (Oklahoma),Eleanor Clay, Frances Champ, DorcasUssery, Elizabeth Tarr.Mary KenneyWebber, Charlina Ball, Laura Steele,Katie G. Thompson, Mary A. Thomas,Mary Allen Hutchcraft, Margaret Willis, Minnie B. Moore, Harriet Rogers;Messrs. Douglas Clay, Tom Prichard,Cassius M. Clay, Harry Horton, Charlton Clay, Hope' Weidemann, DukeBrown, Holt Daniel, Coleman Renick,Ireland Davis, Gus Gay, Frazier Lebus, Dick Stoll, Louis desCognets(Lexington); Charlie Spears, ArchieWoodford, John T. Woodford, MillerWard, S. C. Ward, John Clay, TurneyClay, Edward Fithian, Fielding Rogers, Felix Renick (Winchester), JohnH. Clay, G. W. Clay, Harmon-Turner,George White Fithian, Winn Hutchcraft, Sam Atkins, Wm. Rogers, HughEmbry.The -chanerones were: Mr. andMrs. S. G. Clay, Mr. and Mrs. JamesH. Thompson, Mr. and Mrs. CharltonAlexander, Mr. and Mrs. Amos Turney, Jr., Mrs. F. A. Wallis, Mrs. J. A.Roberts, Mrs. J. M. Ward, Mrs. GeorgeAlexander, Mrs. Mary I. Davis, Mrs.Rogers, Miss Kate Alexander.Mr. Reube Hutchcraft gave adinner party Saturday evening at theCountry Club in honor of Miss Colcord, of Oklahoma. Those composing the party, were: Miss Colcord.jMissMary Fithian Huthchcraft, Missj Carolyn Roseberry, .Mr. CharltonClay, Mr. Stanhope Weidemann, andMr. Hutchcraft. N rAttorney P. A. Thompson returnedSunday from a business trip to Dayton, O. NMiss Mary Emily Ttoss, of Wyoming, O., is the guest of her sister,Mrs. P. A. ThomDSon.Mrs. Lavinia Hendricks,- of Lexington, is the guest of Mrs. J. L. Wilcox, on Cypress street. NMrs. Elsie Burns, has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. Gay Walker atRosedale, near Covington.Mr. Eli Friedman, of Paris, is visiting in Cincinnati, the guest of hisgrandparents, Mr, and Mrs. M.'Baerlo.Mrs. Harry Simon has returnedfrom- the Jewish Hospital in Cincinnati, where she has been under treatment much improved in health.Mr. Edward Woods returned fromSt. Joseph's College in Bardstown,Saturday, tospend vacation with hisparents, Mr. "and Mrs. Jack Woods.Mr. and Mrs. John McCarthy,Misses Margaret Shea, MargaretToohey and Mary Brannon arivedhome Sunday from several days' visitto Mammonth Cave.Miss Martha Tipton, of New York,who has been the guest of her auntsMrs. D. C. Parrish and Miss Maria Tipton, in Paris, has gone to Lexingtonfor a visit with friends.Miss Margaret Letton, the littledaughter of Mr. and Mrs. Jesse Lettonof Winchester, is the guest of hergrandparents, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Letton, near Jackstown.Mrs. Nannie Herrick and grandson, Julius Herrick,' have returnedfrom an extended visit with the former's daughter, Mrs. Nellie Harvey,in Pine Bluff, Ark.Mr. Roy Weatherall, who hasbeen attending school at St. BernardCollege, in Cullman, Ala., has returnedto spend the sumer with his parents,Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Weatheall, on Cypress street.Invitations have been issued as.follows :Mr. and Mrs. J. Frank ClayMiss Frances ClayElks' HallFriday- evening, June 27Dancing.Miss Edith Higgins and her guest,Miss Armyl Cornish, are in Richmond,where they are members of a houseparty given by Mrs. Thomas Best,formerly of Paris. Miss Nellie Mitchell and Mr. Edward Faries were alsomembers of the party and returnedhome yesterday afternoon.'Prof. Geo. W. Chapman, who hasbeen elected president of the TupeloMilitary Institute, a boy's trainingschool, at Tupelo, Miss., left Saturdayfor that place. He will remain atTupelo until June' 30, when he will begin a series of five institutes in Kentucky, which will engage his time until August 1, when he will return toParis to move his family to theirSouthern home.M. H. Haggard, of Scott county,has 75 ewes and not a barren one inthe lot, every one produced one ormore lambs, something very unusual.Mr. Haggard sold 58 lambs to Hamon& Watson at $7.25 per cwt. RichardWolfe sold to sa'pie 75 or 80 head atsame price, and Alex Haggard sold tosame about 75 at same price. Al ofsame about 75 at som price. All ofpounds.COURT ADJOURNED.June Term Ends After Pressing Business is Disposed of. 'The June term of the Bourbon Circuit Court was adjourned Friday byJudge William Reed of Paducah, whohad presided since last Tuesday, andwho had disposed of all the pressingbusiness on the docket, and a numberof cases in equity.Hon. Emmett M. Dickson filed themandate of the Court of Appeals in thecase of H. H. Hamilton against theChristian church Widows' and Orphans' Home, of Louisville. This wasa case in which Mr. H. H. Hamiltonsought to retain possession ofs hison, Carey Hamilton, who had beenplaced in the home a number of yearsago. The boy was later given intothe custody of Mr. Frank Bedford, andthe father sued for the possession ofthe child. In the lower court JudgeStout decided that the boy should bereturned to the Orphans' Home, andthe father took appeal, but the lowercourt was sustained.Judge Reed directed the child to bedelivered to the Sheriff within fifteendays who in turn should deliver himto the Christian Church Widows' andOrphans' Home, at Louisville, and enjoined Mr. Hamilton from removingthe child from the state.0MartinFurniture Moving,City Transferand First-ClassLiverysOur Facilities forHeavy Hauling isGood.Our Livery is as good as theother fellows. Horses fed 2by the week or month.We would appreciate ftshare of your business.Prompt attention given allorders.Both Phones 260.MARTIN BROS.,S Eighths''' . IParis, Kentucky 2m mBrosEXCELLENT FISHERWOMAN.Mrs. Lavinia Hendricks, of Lexington, guest of Mr. and Mrs. JamesL. Wilcox, in this city, has developedinto aji angler that will make manyof the local followers of the sporyt situp and take notice. Mrs. Hendrickshas been here about a week and duriing that time has spent much of hertime fishing, with the result that shehas scuueceeded in landing 525 fishof various sizes and varieties. Manyof her catches have been rather largewhile a majority have been fish ofsmaller species.XCANCER CUREDI guarantee every case Iun-dertake; 20 years practice; ref-erence, any citizen of Paris. .DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.Double the Joys of EveryOuting with a. Anybody can kodak.Come in and let us showyou hov simple it is tokodak all - by - daylightway.We Hav.e Kodaks FromS5.00 Up.DAUGHrmiBiKOPAKvERTYBROS.Nappanefir 'jJ.T. HIHTOMWood MantelsISpecial Sale of iShirt WaistsHaving bought too heavy in thisline, I will offer for the next ten daysmy entire stock of Lingerie and Embroidered and Tailored Waists at efollowing reductions:$1.35 waists, now .981 .75 waists, now $1.482.SO waists, now 1 .983.00 waists, now 2.483.50 waists, now 2.984.00 waists, now 3.485.00 waists, now 4.48Come and take advantage of these ?prices. We have never shown suchbeautiful andjnobby styles before.W. Ed. Tucker.?I!0999C9999A999999G999939tt1S ast Venn. 2S8.' Suitable GiftsBar PinsVanitiesLong ChainsFansRingsMesh BagsLavalliersLocketsHat PinsCoat ChainsWe Carry a Special Assortment of''Goods of Quality'' in the above list inSterling Silver, GoldFilled and Solid Gold.We will receive this week another large assortment of Sterling Silver Hat ins to retail for 50c apair. They have made a BIG HIT."THE HOUSE OF QUALITY."SHIRE & FITHIAN-M93$oe&ea3S8see&3$e99$esees904T& 33H&& : mmazTSSMk k -3f ' 4Hf? l-JH'mBI 'fit" 7lk i-'.r'3Bfg:,l.-M; t L I 1 1 WlJW 7N. TlTI' iJW v "WIUAWP kvfA.hen Cabinet6 KltCWe do not claim this Cabinet to be the best in theworld, but we DO BELIEVE THAT IT IS, and WEKNOW that it is a great deal better than some makesthat are much advertised and boosted and we canshow you that they are. Seeing s believing. Gomef and see. Save you money.A swell new line of Brass Beds and Davenportsjust received. Save you money.Now is the time to buy your Wall Paper at bigreductions. Save you money.Refrigerators Greatly Reduced. Save you money.SAVES YOU MONEYUndertakingswm.IJPome 130,for GraduationiFriendship CirclesBracelett WatchesPocket KnivesCoin CasesFobstTONyrAmbulanceVfXItI?w -.iW-'$-'- ?itwrwaiiMWK- . - -THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, K.J., JUNE 24. 1913- ,1 NO FILTH NO FLIES.TV F R V 1Ft-Iooo11oooAI'M. Caden210 W. Main St.,LEXINGTON, KY.&La Fro$1.50 up.Do the women in l0your city know Iwe specialize inLA FROThe Perfect FrontLaced Corset?v - i-$M 17 " ru.bbish &$ r fSftJScloNtHHBMMBHiNMHMt2 Pa vs. Odorkss Cleaning Co.I Men's and Ladies' Suits Cleaned,Pressed and Repaired.Ladies' Serge White Suits and Fancy Silks our specialty.All Work Guaranteed Satisfactoryform ofrubbishshould.be removed by thahouseholder.C ontainerswith tightcovers shouldbe provided.Not only garbage, but tincans, rags,lawn clippings andhoUKflh ri I 4rubbish, should go int swoh 1containers.Much of this rubbish can beburned. An old garbage canwith a defective bottom willmake an excellent furnace. Sucha can may be inverted andraised six or eight inches fromthe ground. Numerous holesmay then be punched into theupper end. This end will thereafter serve as a screen and prevent bits of burning paper orash from menacing the neighborhood. When the back alley way andcellar are scrupulously cleanscreen the house. Screen everywindow and every doorway. Seethat the screens fit and that theyare free from holes. There islittle use in screening most windows and most doors if somewindows and some doors arenot protected. Also flies canenter through very small holes,and thus only perfect screensshould be used.$$S$xsesxSssFight the "Typhoid Ely."SMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblocked to your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves" Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c.mmmmmmmmmmmmmwmmmmThe common housefly, now known asthe "typhoid fly," is an important factor in the spreading of typhoid ferer.Therefore screening the food, also thedoors and windows, establishing sanitary dry earth closets and removing or'screening all refuse, such as manure,garbage and decaying vegetables andfruits, will aid greatly in the restriction and prevention of typhoid fever.Lexington (N. C.) Dispatch.Kill Hies NOW. 'Today is the time to kill flies. Rightnow. before the weather becomes'"aimer, is the time to clean up. thusdestroying the eggs and eliminatingthe flies before they are hatched.The flrst lazy flies of spring are beginning to crawl into the sunny coruers. One fly now may mean 10,000.300 later on.nTruck Replaced Three TeamsfO 1rIn eleven months this three-ton KisselKar Truck covered in actual service4,760 miles at a fuel cost of $1.08 per day. Manned by a driver and one helper,it replaced three teams of horses. The average daily burden was 37 17.20thstons. It carried an- average load of four tons one ton overload butu inthe entire period named, was laid up only two and one-half hours for repairs."We can recommend the KisselKar Truck and assure that it livesup to itsguarantee," writes Thomas E. Fleischer, manager of the Sheboygan LimeWorks.Two and one-half hours for repairs, carrying over 37 tons per day is- a record'worthyof notice. KisselKar Trucks cost little to maintain and are economical to , operate becausethe problem is solved in KisselKar construction. ,Note these striking KisselKar features Sim pi 3 engine easy to operate reserve powerexcess capacity differential lock preventing one drive wheel absorbing all the1 power onslippery places, and stalling the truck four speed transmitters geaiedup fourth speedpermitting high speed when desired without racing engine ; 15 to 20 per cent, lower fuelconsumption than average trucks light spring suspension for power plant, heavy springsuspension for load gauge that weighs load greatest accessibility easy control largerbrake drums, and extra powerful brakes special bodies designed to meet every need.JCisselJCar TJruoka1 500 lbs.-1 -2-3-4 and 5 TonsIn the range of capacity, 1500 lbs. to 5 tons, you can find just the type that fills yourrequirements and with the KisselKar Truck goes the KisselKar Service, which is themanufacturer's guarantee of satisfaction.KisselKar Service means taking off your hands all of the mechanical details.A special service building is maintained in this city for the benefit of KisselKar owners.The KisselKar service is a broad and comprehensive arrangement between manufacturer andowners that cares for the car, maintains efficiency, retards depreciation and minimizes upkeep. "This service is a valuable consideration in the purchase of a power wagon. Investigate it.Ask us to analyze your present horse haulage ss compared to motor kaulage. The result will be interesting.Send for free book showing KisselKar Trucks in actual use in your line and many otherlines of business.The Following LinesoJF Business Have RecentlyBought Kissl-Kar TrucksIron and Steel, Lmmber, Textile, Milling, Giocery, DryGoois, Dairy, Furniture, Fruit, Commission, Transfer, Bus, Hotel, Caterer, Brewery, Building Supplies, Contracting, Plumbing, Canning, Oil, Telephone,laundry, Bakery, Confectionery, Ice, Coal, Farming, Hardware, Ice Cream, Creamery, Produce, Crockery, Undertaking and to municipalities in Fire, Health and Police departments) We mak them to suit theneeds of any business. -L.Phone 2105.O. R. HUKLE,513 West Main Stretf,Lexington,KyJWHEN A MAN FAILS., ,,When he has no confidence in himself nor his fellow men'.When he values success more thancharacter and self respect.When he loves his pwn plans and interests more than humanity.When he does not try to make hiswork a little better each day.'When his friends like him for whathe has more than for what he is.When he knows that he is in thewrong, but is afraid to admit it.When he is so busy doing that hehas no time for smiles and cheeringwords. -When he is so burdened by his business that he finds no time for rest orrecreation.When he envies others because theyhave more ability, talent or wealththan he has.When he lets a day go by withoutmaking some one happier and morecomfortable. ,When he values wealth abovehealth, self respect and the good opinion of others.,vWhen he becomes so absorbed in hiswork that he cannot say that life isgreater than work.When he does not care what happens to his neighbor or to his friendso long as he is prosperous.HOW TO GET THEREIt pays to be liked and one likes tobe paid.Pity that man who . believes wework to live!Today it's the man that counts most,not the experience.Success in business depends uponthe man seeking success.Like the work you have to do orhave the work you'd like to do!The laws of nature will all workman's advancement if he will workwith the laws.The business world is a gloriousplace in which to live; and work izjoy if we will have it so.The more successful one is, themore one is glad to work; the -moreone works, the more successful oneis.Smiles are schock absorbers thathelp one to ride comfortably over theruts of business on the road to success. The man who underestimates himself is generally underestimated bythe world; the ma"h who overestimateshimself may fool the world for a time,but sooner or later will be found out.HIbthe figure to thetrue proportionsof- slendernessVMODELS foreven thestoutestfigure are correctlyproportioned andhave the crowningqualityofsrrengfito hold their shape.They are thestrongest corsetsmade which givesthem a wearing valuefar in excess of anyothers.Automatically theexclusive reducingfeatures of these corsets hold down theexcess flesh at theback, hips and abdomen. Heavy elasticwebbing inserts frontand back give freedom of movementand adjust themselvesto any position, eithersitting, bending orstanding. Thesescientific featuresmake Rengo Belt theleading reducing corsets of 1913.Made extra strongas is needed andguaranteed not torust.7WV?AS.xvse"vrii-.1ELASTICI WEBBINGPrices $2, $3 zt& $5 Illustrated $3,Sold byFRANK 8 CO.Spot CashSOME OLD SAWS RE-SET.A dollar saved is a dollar notloaned.Long dresses coyer a multitude offlat feet.-Truth is stranger, with some people,than their rich relatives. NSome men are not overly ambitiousto be either right or president.American Indians believe that thebrave do not always attain what's fair.Straw hats, windmills and skirtsshow which way the wind is blowing.Full many a belle is prone to blushunseen, unless you gaze behind herfan.There's many a shaft at randomsent hits hardest the mam who paysthe rent.The early bird would not be rewarded for his thrift if the worm wasn'tfirst on the 30b.He who frequently looks upon the.wine when it is red is likely to find hisnose in! the same condition."All the world's a stage" and all thepeople merely players, but there aremore property men than stars.FORCBecome a Tri-State Shipper to-day for Shippins Cream to the Tri-State Butter Co., Cincinnati, Ohio, isProfitable Steady year around market at the highest creamery butter price for butter fat; producers averaging from $75 to $100 per year per cow fromthe sale of butter fat.Safe A $75,000 corporation with an established reputation guaranteeing your shipments against lossor damage in transit.Easy You can make your shipments every three 'orfour days when most convenient, cream sweetor sour.Write For Free Trial Cans To-dayGive us a trial without cost to you and let our SPOT CASHPay Checks reward you.The Tri-State Butter Company,Cincinnati, OhioFAMOUS OLD-TIME PUNSThe Romans were said to urn theirdead, but we earn our living.Observing on a board the warning,"Beware the Dog," Thomas Hoodwrote, "Ware be the dog?"Sidney Smith, hearing a boy read ofpatriarchs as partridges, declared, "Itis too bad to make game of them."Dean Ramsey tells of a soakedScotch minister who was rubbed downat the kirk and told he need not fear;he would be dry enough when- he gotinto the pulpit. y"Call that a kind man, a man whois away Jirom his family and neversends them a farthing! Call that kindness?" Tes, unremitting kindness," Jerrold replied. - ' - - "COULD SCARCELYWALKABOUTAnd For Three Summers Mrs. Vincent Was Unable to Attend toAny of Her Housework.Pleasant Hill, N. C "I suffered forthree summers," writes Mrs. WalterVincent, of this town, "and the third andlast time, was my worst.1 had dreadful nervous headaches andprostration, and was scarcely able fowalk about. Could not do any of myhousework.I also had dreadful pains in my backand-sides and when one'of those weak,sinking spells would come on me, Iwould have to give up and lie. down,until it wore off.Twas certainly in a dreadful state ofhealth, wheiri finally deckled to tryCardui, the woman's tonic, and I firmlybelieve I would have died if I hadn'ttaken it.After I began taking Cardui, I was:greatly helped, and all three bottles relieved me entirely.I fattened up, and grew so much,stronger in three months, 1 felt like another person altogether."Cardui is purely vegetable and gentleacting. Its ingredients have a mild, toniceffect, on the womanly constitution.Cardui makes for increased strength,improves the appetite, tones up the neryous system, and helps to make pale,sallow cheeks, fresh and rosy.Cardui has helped more than a millionweak women, during the past 50years.It will "surely do for you, what it hasdone for them. Try Cardui today.Write to: Chattaneoca Medtcine Co.. Ladles' Mvisory Dept.. jChattawoara. Ten., far Bfiitisl Jatruciims on vow caae 'ad frTag keofc, &Traatawrt for Weara." scat Ut afcuM wrapaar. J- f,Ev BOURBON JNEWS PARIS, KY., JUNE 24 1913t2' ggHgBBftt. T -"-.&rSpecial Rates & Excursions.Eucursion to Cincinnati, Ohio,-and returnSunday, 3une 29,.$1.50 ROUND TRIPrThis train leaves Paris at 7:50 a. j-TO., arriving iutiiina.1,1 av.ow a.in., returning leaves Fourth St.-station, Cincinnati, at 7 p. m.'Tickets good on special train-only. .Low round-trip Summer Tourist tickets to all Summer resortsin the North and Northwest onsale May 15 to Sept. 30. Finallimit date 31, 1913, with liberalstop-over privileges.For further information, call-on or address.W. H. HARRIS, Agent,!J. K. SMITH, T. A."W. N. BarkleyMrs. W. N. Barkleyfy .Woman's Exchange & Cafe112 NUpper Street,Lexington, KentuckyHome-made Cakes, Breads, Pies, Candies, Croquetts, Salads, Pickles, ChowChow, Ftc, received fresh daily.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Supper; also lunches and short orders at all3iours with the best the market affords.(28mar6mo)pep FARM LOANS!Geo!, wo to $100,000W. KING & SON,j -25Z Cheapside. Lexington, Ky.Schane'sCandy Kitcken,119 S. Upper,LEXINGTON, KY.4'Roxie" Daw$i$ ZU Tn$uranc Hgent1 Life, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies'."GiveTHd "Nub"a Call.2 Helios 137IWBARBER0Windsor Hotel.Modern Equipment,Polite Service.iC ' JSWiEverything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDThe SanitaryShop!! With'all the latest devicesinstalled in my shop to makeit absolutely sanitary andclean, including a PatentTowel l Sterlizer, IndividualCups. Soap, etc., believe weliave the most modern shopin Paris. We have just installed a new Porcelain Tuband an up-to-date Bathroom.Hot water at all times.ThreeBarbers, all experts. Wewould like to ' have yourtrade. I take this method ofsoliciting it. Is there a reason why we should not receive it? Respectfully,Russ Corbin.SWAT THE FLY AND SWAT THEMAN WHO PERMITS IT TO BREED" g. I lm ... . . --Here are the mathematics of our greatest menace: The fly-f-the milkthe babythe grave.The man who willfully permits the flies to breed on his property by not removing or screening all filth shouldbe looked upon as a destroyer of human life and dealt with accordingly 'HOW TO FIGHT THEFLY IN THIS TOWNFirst Educational work should bebegun at once in schools, women'sclubs and other civic organizations, because if you wait until the flies appearin the spring they will be multiplyingby the million while you are doingorganization work that ought to havebeen done during the cold weather.This committee, as in former years,will co-operate with local committees,furnishing literature and answeringquestions as to methods of individualcampaigns, etcSecond. In your movements for passing of general cleanup and anti-fly ordinances first secure the interest ofthe state health department. If youfind difficulty in doing this by mereforce of suggestion, employ other legitimate means of stirring It to actionpetitions from local or state organizations, boards of trade, women's clubs,town improvement societies, etc. Ifthe head of the state health service Isnot cordially co-operating with you hecan be shamed into ItThird. Employ similar tactics, ifnecessary, with the health authorities,aldermen and other officials of yourcity or town.Fourth. Get ordinances passed (stateif possible, local at any rate) for thescreening of foodstuffs, the chemicaltreatment and removal of manure, etc.,but do not think that because you havean ordinance it will enforce Itself.Eternal vigilance is the price of freedom from filth and flies. Probablyeven the most energetic and sympa-r thetlc health officer will be unable withthe force of Inspectors at his commandto discover all the violations of the ordinance. You must help him by volunteer inspection and reports. If thenbe is lukewarm in the prosecution ofoffenders make his position uncomfortable. If the magistrates refuse toImpose fines for proved violationsmake it uncomfortable for them too.It's. all very simple if you are in. earnest Fifth. Colorado and Texas have instituted the custom of state wide"cleanup days." Induce the governorof your state by proclamation to setaside a day for such a purpose, and ifhe cannot be induced to do so but heprobably can if proper representationsare made to him at least get yourmayor to proclaim a local "cleanupday."Sixth. If you must have "fly swatting" contests to stimulate interest inyour local campaign let them be heldas early in the spring as possible, whilethere are comparatively few flies. Ifyou could find and kill all the springflies, as of course you cannot therewould be none to trouble yo in thesummer.Seventh. Be careful to brush up anyflies that may be lying around withtheir feet up in the air looking as ifthey were dead; they may be "playingpossum." The only safe way Is toburn them. Do not throw them out orinto the garbage can, as they "will become active as soon as the temperaturerises.? JJ A fly in the milk may mean aI baby in the grave.b1JEKYLL AND HYDEThe fly enters your home as a harmless insect. But once inside he becomes transformed into a monster ofhorrible proportions, carrying diseaseto the members of your family. Onefly carries over 6,000,000 germs aboutwith itA. screen in time savesmany lives. 4yI "STARVE THE FLY."Ours Is a country home, but we havevery few flies. Our method is basedupon the principle of "barring andstarving." In other. words, we keepthem out and give them" nothing toeat says a writer in the Woman'sHome Companion.Fighting the fly in the country is exceedingly difficult because of the widerange and the numerous places wherethe Insect can breed. On the farmthe most common 'of these places arethe barns and manure piles, pigsties,chicken houses and toilets. We began by making the barn scrupulouslyclean. This was not a difficult task andno more than should be done on everycountry place. The "fly part" of thebarn Is the stables. Using plank floors,cleaning the stalls both morning andevening and sprinkling a little powdered lime about gave the flies no chance.The manure was thrown into a boxoutside, and this box is on a sled, readyto be hauled away at once and thrownon the garden or fallow land. Powdered lime sprinkled in the box, whenempty, keeps this fly proof. lThen came the "barring and starv-1Ing" process for the house. Both forconvenience and comfort we Installeda complete plumbing system, with hotand'Cold water, in the house. In thisday of gasoline engines, hydraulicrams and other simple as well as eco-!nomical methods of installing water 'systems every farm home should havejBEHOVE STABLE SWEEPINGS AT ONCE.a plant of this sort This required asewer system, but the one drain andline of waste pipe also sufficed for the"kitchen sink and stationary washtub.1 The sewer pipe, which was four inchclose joint tile, was run down the hillfrom the house into a drain. No cesspool or tank was used, but the outletwas converted into a veritable flovvergarden. The only flies that congregate about this spot are butterflies.To assist in absorbing all waste theoutlet is changed from time to timeand the former spot covered withearth.One thing is very essential, however,for a sewerage system of this sortthat is. a large vent pipe, not less' than two inches, for the toilet andI sinks. We have such a pipe or pipes,connecting them to a final line andi butting this into the brick flue of the' kitchen. This creates an upward draftj which sucks out and keeps the sewerline and drain clean of all odor andpoisonous gases. By sprinkling cnloride of lime in and close around thedrain now' and then we are given notrouble with this part of the system,and It renmlns continually fly proof.As a matter of course we havescreens at the doors and windows.The back porch, next to the kitchen,which is usually a harbor for flies, wecompletely screened in. Thus thekitchen door can be opened when theroom is hot and filled with the smellof cooking with no fear of the fliesswarming In. Here, too, we placedthe stationary washtub.Finally, let it be added, that evenwith all these precautions we are visited by flies. They always come whensuch things as -cabbage, fish and meatsare cooked, but most of them get nocloser than the screens. A wire screenfly killer is kept handy for the fewthat chance to get In.A WARNING.It Is better to -screen the cradle and wear a smile than toscoff at the preoaution and wearmourning.OoFIGHTING THE FLY.Any flies that come into yourhouse may have come straightfrom a person who is sick withsome contagious disease andpossibly cause the death of yourself or some member of yourfamily. Kill every fly you see inyour house. Get a, screen door.You can better afford to pay $2or $3 for one than to get sickvand lay off for a month.Keep all food covered up. Boilall the water you drink. Keepyour privies screened.C"....... i.. ........ "."0THE LIFE OF A FLYBy GLADYS E. NORTON, aged eleven,of State street school, Topeka."Won't you come into my parlor?"says the spider to the fly. "No," saysthe fly to the spider; "I will bring youall kinds of diseases, such as typhoidfever and tuberculosis." "Well, I'lltake the risk'," says the spider. "No;I'll not come in, but if you will listenI will tell you my history, and then Iam sure you'll not want me," repliedthe fly."Well, my mother told me this much.She said I came out of a little esslaid with many others in a manure pile.When I was hatched I didn't have anylegs or wings and was called a maggotby our worst enemies, men. I stayedin that form for five days. Then I hada thick brown coat and went into a"I WASiCAIiLED A MAGGOT."sleeping stage which was called apupa. When I shed that I was like Iam now, a full fledged fly."You have often wondered why I didnot get In your web or get caught byyou. Did you know I had many eyesthat are put together to make one?With these I can see on all sides, andso I am very hard to catch."My worst enemies are you and yourfamily, some beetles and a little reddish mite."I always lay my eggs In manure orother filth. The people are screeningit and. burning It and burying It. Theytry to kill us by carbolic acid andsticky fly paper, where so many ofmy friends have ended their days."People have some stuff, too, thatthey put in water and put In theirbedrooms. They call it formalin, butI keep away from It, as it Is suredeath."The worst trouble I have is wherethe people screen their houses andkeep their yards clean so we can't getanything to eat."Our worst danger Is not the carbolicacid or fly paper and such things,though, for after we are once hatchedthey can never kill us all off, but ifthey start out to destroy our breedingplaces the manure pile and other filthwe will soon be gone from the earth.I hope men will never find that out,but I fear they will some day."THE WINGED PERILThe deadly peril to life and healthwrought by the housefly and the stable fly has never before been so fullyunderstood as now, and the experience of Cleveland in her notable antifly compaign, initiated and conductedby Dr. Jean Dawson, enforces this lessonthat the work must start at or before the opening of spring because filesbreed so rapidly; hence there is nowno time to lose, and hence the strennousness with which you should urgeimmediate action. VV. H. Hale.Union Meat Marketf. W. SOPER, Manager185 N,Limestone, Lexington, Ky,Telephone 1 852"Good Meats," "Right Prices"Why eat poor Meat when it injures your health and costsyou more good money than good meat? Buy the best eatte best, have the best of health, andjthenlfyou live' thebest. The hpf. imw Ina Vo1 Vwtt 11;,.tt: -nr , -a , "'"v " 1JC4"Ket, .fhone 1852.'ft AHfe iKfe. A emm . Wr iPOPULARHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKYSUNDAY, JxirLe; Q9;75cRoundTripSCENIC BEAUTY v OUTDOOR ENJOYMENT v. MUSICTickets sold at GEORGETOWN good only on Special Train leaving at 10.50 an.Apply to nearest Ticket Agent, Queen & Crescent Route, for further informatkw.a - .. f K,NG Passenger and Ticket Agent,101 E. Main St. Phone 49 LEXINGTON; KY.Notice! Poultry RaisersHRCholera, Gapes, LimbernecR, Roup, Canker,;s?uS.So:r Diarrhoea and all Diseases of PoultryMiss Katie Bryant, Bardstown, Ky., says: "I havs used Reave 4-11-44 for yean asduHskittkebertpoultry remedy made. It cures gapes and Hmtexneck without fail."WillCoomes, Bardilown. Ky.,says: "One drop of Recipe 4-11-44 dropped down tae b31 pf a gapzchicken kills the worm and relieves the chickinstantly. Itis the best preventive i have ever used."Mfg. and Guaranteed by J. Robt. Crumc, Bardstown, Ky. Price 50c at all Bngglsts.SOLD BYChas. E. Butler & Co.pr pejer mbbibb7 ejpveriHpBHejHHHmp VPVictor Bogaert Co., JJewelers and Imporetrs. 1 (DEALERS IN HIGH-CLASS 'Diamonds and IPrecious 1StonesWe carry a large assortment of Sterling Silver, andeverything in the Jewelry line.Your patronage is solicited.VICTOR B0GAERT GO.,1 33-1 35 W. Main St., 'L.Lexington, ' -We're Now Showing Our Full Line of jSPRING MODELS!In the CelebratedSchloss Bros. & CoHigh-Class Men's Suits.They Represent the NewHNorfolks,Ithe New EnglishlCut--and the Conservative Models, all BeautifullyTailored. Prices'rangingTfrom $15 to $35JUST IOur complete line of Emerson ShoesJHawes Van GHatsTWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L Wollstcin, Propri or.nuj cciumg, union meat lYiar-mEXCURSION75cRoundTrip32L 111-44CURES- Kentucky Ij'-?Stetson Hats, Lion Shirts .-V. r'$:if?'kV.L-'r--i.f.-.',Jitf'-hM-V- -s- -?'f ,f5)P-- if.. r " 3" j4,'"iV 1 I WP3JBJWUTHE' BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KY.,--JUNE 24. 1913ITI'hVithi'M OF MILLERSBURGa handsorrie 10-sMr J P. Redmon improves slowly.Air! John Barnette continues quite411.Miss Katlierine Linville is inprov-.fl-Mrs. W. G. Dailey is improvingnicely.Mr. John W. Mock continues-about the same.aiiss Ethel Fisher is v visiting relatives at East Kadford, Va. ,Mrs. Lida B. Conway, of Paris, is-the guest of Mrs. T. D. Judy.Mr Bryant Long, of Indianapolis,Ind.f was a guest at the Taylor Houser Friday. . ,K Mrs. John Marr entertained anumber of her lady friends Friday af-ternoon from 4 to 6.-lTS e. W. Ammerman and littledaughter have returned after a visit' to j-elatives in Cincinnati.' Miss Dorothy Pollitt has returnedto her home at Vanceburg after a visit to &Iiss Mildred Bruce.Mr W. M. Layson returned -FriH3ay after a two weeks' sojourn at.French Lick springs, mu. mMisses Agnes Wadell and LouiseMyall left Friday for a visit to Mrs.E T. Beeding, at Lexington.' rs e. T. Sheeler- and children'were guests of her parents, Mr. andt Mrs. Lovell, of Paris, Thursday andFriday. . . ,. ," The Union School picnic whichwas to have been given on Wednesday' has been postponed until Wednesday,, July 2.Messrs. Chas. Asbury, of Mt. Olivet, and R. O. Chambers, of Sardis,T-were guests of Mr. and Mrs. R. M.- Johnson, Friday. -irs. Frank Moore and two littlesons, of Lexington Va., arrived Saturday as guests of Mr. and Mrs. Thos.McClintock." Miss Annie Louise Best left yesterday for the East to spend the summer. She will spend most of. the timein New York City.The Christian Endeavor Society ofthe Christian Church, will serve ices.and cakes in the park Saturday evening. Everyone invited. 17-2tMr. and Mrs. J. Clarke Leer, Jr.,Thave named their little son who arrived last week James Billie Leer. It'is named for its two grandfathers.Mrs. Mattie Hawes and son, Mr.J. C. Hawes, of Chicago, 111., are- athome for the summer. They were accompanied by Mrs. Mattie McGinn, ofChicago.Mr. J. M. Caldwell left Friday forDetroit, Mich., and will return withhis automobile that was sent theresome weeks ago for repairs, after thewreck near the farm of Mr. A. J.ThaxJton. The ice cream supper which was?to have been given by the Christian-Endeavor Society of the Christianchurch was postponed from last Saturday night until next Saturday nighton account of the death of Mr. C T.Darnell.Mr. C. T. Darnell, aged 73, diedFriday morning. Mr. Darnell was ason of Mr. and Mrs. William Darnell,-of Elizaville, Fleming comty, and wasone of a family of eight children. He-was married when a young man to.Miss Anna Ruth Robinson, of Minerva, Mason county. Twenty-flve f J. Clarke Leer, Jr.,-tor..-. , TVYw n-nA TT.o Tldrnoll WltVl DOimd SOU.one daughter, Miss Blanche Darnell Miss Louise McWhorters leavesmoved to Millersburg, where they have today for a visit to her grandfathersince made their home for a number .Mr. G. W. Morrow, at entreyilleof years. Mr. Darnell has been iden-1 Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Parker, Mr.tified with the Clarke & Ross Stock and Mrs. JDennis McMahan and litand Poultry Food Co, of Ashland, O., ', tie daughter, have returned from aas traveling salesman. The funeral several days visit to Mr. and Hrs. J.!,- ninnn fm v?e hnmo of d nVinoir . C. Dalzell. at Lexington.Sunday afternoon. Mr. Darnell was ai Mr. O. H. Collier was given thedevout member of the Christian church Entered Apprentice degree in Amityand his funeral was conducted by his Lodge No. 40, F. & A. IVL, last week,pastor, Eld. C. .0. Cossaboom, assisted The work was done by Mr. W.. Aby Dr. C. C. Fisher. The floral trib- Butler,utes were beautiful and numerous. I Mrs. Shirley Tate left ThursdayMisses Amanda Hurst and Todd tor ner nome at mornstown, Tenn.,Garmen, of Lexington, were guests of after a visit to her mother, Mrs. MaMrs. Minnie Hurst and family, Thurs- linda Denton,dny and Friday. I Misses Florence Brock, of Green-Dr. W. V. Huffman received a tele- castle, Ind., and Helen Desha, of Parram early Sunday 'morning announc- is, are guests of their cousin, Missing that his son, Mr. Richard Huff- Nancy Whaley.man, who, with a cousin, Dr. Herman FOR SALE A new five roomHuffman, of Covington, are touring cottage with bath and all necessaryNew Mexico, was ill with typhoid fe- outbuildings, all new, with two lotsver. Dr. Huitman lert on tne noon -lu JLeet ueep, one ou auu ine otnerj' i.; l-.. J:,l ir-.r,' TJoffntnn 1 Kfl foar in rfonrh non Ya miiuihnDaHCATARRHAL FEVERBreaks Out in Bourbon and SeveralHorses Succomb. "train for his bedside. . Mrs. Huffmanis quite ill at her home here.(LEFT OVER FROM LAST ISSUE)Mr. J. J. Peed is sojourning atSwango Springs.MisB Nola Redd has returned fromFlorida, where she has spent the winter.Miss Elizabeth Horton, of Mt.Sterling, is the guest of Miss PaulineJones.Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Jackson, ofCalhoun, Ga., -are the guests of Mr.and Mrs. E. B. Taylor.Born, Tuesdayr to Mr. and Mrs.50 feet in depth; can be purchasedseparately or together. Also a number of fruit trees and grape vines. Anever-failing cistern. Can be purchased right. For further particularsj cal on or address,(24-2t) E. T. SHBELEK.FOR SALEA No. 2 Eastman Kodak, in goodcondition; will take picture ZYz x3; cheap; call at Bourbon News office. (20-3t)Catarrhal fever or "black tongue," adisease which has been raging amonghorses of adjoining counties has broken out in Bourbon and seems to 'haveassumed the proportions of an epidemic. Miss Frances Champ yesterday losta valuable Shetland pony which wasstricken with the disease last Fridayand Mr. W. W. Titus, the well-knowntrotting: horse trainer, lost three valu-ble animals last week as a result of thedisease.A valuable carriage horse beiongingto Mr. J. T. Hinton was stricken withthe disease only a few days ago, diedSunday and there are a large numberof cases among horses that have beenreported.Mr. M. J. Murphy also lost a veryvaluable mare last week as a result ofthe disease. H . Margolen lost oneand W. G. Talbott two last week.Veterinarians seem unable to copewith the situation owing to the natureof the disease, which is exceedinglymalignant and contagious. It prevailsin several of. tne adjoining countiesand in many cities livery stables havebeen placed in quarantine. The matter has been called to the attention ofthe State Department of Agricultureand Commissioner Newman issued anorder to all liverymen in an effort tocheck the spread.For Sale.No. 1 8-horse power FairbanksMorse gas or gasoline engine. Applyto PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.24-2tnUntil a short time ago, scarcelyone-person in a thousand hadever tasted a really good sodacracker as it came fresh andcrisp from the oven.Now everybody can know andenjoy the crisp goodness offresh baked soda crackers without going to the baker's oven.XTneeda Biscuit bring the bak' ery to you.A food to live on. Stamina for workers. Strength for the delicate. Givethem to the little folks. Five cents.NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY-Mr. Auto Owner,Quit PayingGarage BillsAn artistic structure for private use. Gives protectionfrom Ihieves or joy riders.The side walls and roof ofheavily galvanized sheet steel.Comes ready to set up. Allparts; cut and fitted. Absolutely rust-proof. Saves $20to $30 monthly in garage.Prompt, safe delivery and.satisfaction guaranteed.American Sectional Garage Go215-219 Stevens Building,DETROIT, MICH.A. J. PEE, Agent,Paris, Ky.For Rent.Cottage of 5 rooms, newly paperedand painted, inside and out. Electriclights, water and sewer connections.Possession at once. Call East Tenn.Phone 34. tf1OMEN-ENTITLED TO VOTE.Tha Court of AmM.l feukfed downFriday, an opinion im tb mandamusease of Mrs. Nannett MeDoweir Bullock, a candidate for Ctumatj SclwolSuperintendent of Fayette county,holding that the Circuit Court waa tkcourt of final jurisdiction in the adai--istrationof the primary law.Mrs. Bullock filed a petition withCounty Clerk Theo, Lewis, of Fayette,who rejected i thecause the signaturewere mainly those of women. MrsBullock brought suit for a mandamusto require the acceptance of her petition and place her name on the ballot,and this was decided in her favor.In deciding the appeal brought bythe county clerk, the opinion "regretsthat the question, cannot i definitelysettled in this case.":Mountain ExcursionsVia "CAROLINA SPECIAL. ' TO THEj Cool, sHealthf ul Resorts of WesternrNorcn Carolina."Land of the Sky" "Sapphire Country"Wednesday, July &9 1913Round Trip from Georgetown, Ky..$ Ashville, N. C - $9.00 Hendersonville, N. C, $10Waynesville, N. C, 1 0.00 Lake Toxaway, N. G, $11Altitnde, 2656 feet Altitude, 3100 feet: Tickets good on "Cariolina Special" leaving" Georgetown, Kr., alsoon all other Regular Trains July 9th. Modern electrically lighted equip-ment, comprising Pullman Observation and Drawing-Room Sleeping CarsT Dinine Cars and Coaches.!:Return limit, July 24, 1 91Favorable Stop-Over ipriviegesDIVERSE ROUTEPrivilege of going direct to destinationi'sa skasuiiis? Mountain or vice versa; by paving 1.50additional.' i Jin? ' ? 'i-xll - A(C N. O. & T. P. Ry.)ANDFor full information, printed matter andsleeping car reservations applv to nearestTicket AgCnt, or writeH. C. KING, Pass, and Ticket Agent,101 Main Street, - Lexington, Ky.,W. A. BECKLER, Gen'l Pass. Agt.,uiiannau, j.tmi:Southern Railway.'-JEImmmmmmmmmmmmm.vABSOLUTESATISFACTIONAwaits Vou When You Come toOur Store For SummerFOOTWEARWe Are Showing so Many Smart, NewModels at Such Remarkably Low Pricesthat We Can Fit and Please Every One.Thisweek we place on sale some extraordinary values in Men's, Women's andlChildren's Summer Shoes, which we had the good fortune tobuy for cash at almost half the original value.Dainty White Canvas PiimFor The Summer Girl.xsDame Fashion has again decreed the cool, beautifulWhite Shoe, and the smart, Comfortable fan Shoe.We are ever prepared to supply you with the newestand swaggerest styles in the prettiest shapes andbest materials.In Low White Shoes we are showing many charming effectsin Pumps, English Walking Pumps and Button Oxfords. The materials are Canvas. Linen, Nubuckand Calfskin. Priced from $2.5 O up.In Tan Low Shoes there are Eussia Calf Pumps, Buttonand Lace Oxfords as low as $3.50. ""RASH & CLAY9 Inc.GOOD SHOES FOR EVERYBODY264 W. MAIN STMLEXINGTON, KY.Men's $3.50 to $4.00 valves Shoesand Oxfords,- in Tan, GunMetal and Pat- fl QQent. Special 9 (Cm 7 5Infant's Patent two- Ji CfcjltMen's Comfortable Elk Outing strap Pumps. Special wMisses and Children's WhiteCanvas Button Shoes. CCfcSpecial 7 ?7 ?Shoes, in Tan, Greenand Black. 1 fitSpecial iCBoy Scout Shoes, JDHI 1pi.tc?Ladies' high-grade Pumps andOxfords, all leathers.Special CtO Ik Ckvalue 9&i49Ladies' stylish Shoes andj Oxfords, in Patent, Gun MetalfandSatin Pumps. "f Jk -Special..9 I "Tm&MWLi i'&.$2 value. SpecialJDJTK COHENITO START YOUR BOY INA BUSINESS YOU MUSTFIRSTHAVE MONEYIN THE BANKYou never knew a father who didn't have an ambitionto see bis son well fixed some day in a BUSINESS OF HISOWN. To put your son in business you must PUT MONEYin the bank and gain a good bank REDET. This -you canhave bystarting- a bank account NOW. It will grow as yourboy grows. - ,Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings. " -BANK OF PARIS.Capital, $100,000,005 Surplcs, $40,(300.00.-wwmmmmmwmmmmmwmmmami.rJ. M. HALL, PresidentC. K. THOIAS. CaMk.:n-f