THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY A2TD FRIDAY IN" THE YEARVy. -'v .'3?.--.JTSrV' yi-HVOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JUNE 6 1943BASE BALL CLUBrnHas Been Organized Here to Play Independent Organizations.That Paris will have base ball during the remainder (k the summer, and1Biing Us YourWatch WorkWe are EfficientWe are PromptTry us.&that the local club will meet some ofthe best semi-professional clubs to besecured, is shown by the activity onthe part of a number of local enthusiasts during the past several days.Yesterday afternoon final arrangements were completed for the organi-z.a.uuu vi a, ciuu. 2. yenLiuu. uaa uccu - l..in circulation for several days and a ' Vfrsufficient sum has been raised to in-! kisure me success oj. liuj uuutsx tufting.The matter of organizing the clubwill be taken up immediately, andsome of the best local talent will be 'employed in the lineup. It is the planto book games with some of the bestsemi-professional teams out of Cincinnati and Louisville. Practice willbegin in the next few days and thehome boys will make an effort to getin condition within the next two weekswhen they will meet the strong Wiedemann team from Cincinnati.Much enthusiasm is manifested bythose who have taken the initiativeand they have met with much encouragement from the followers ofthe game in thiB city. The resultwill be that Paris will have an organization of which it can be justly proud."WE KNOW HOW5)Let YourMoney Do It-vjpLwh..'.'v - .'V!. .S&2&--.... 1f;i..'. qhnr;m uw iit-m i vi. 1 1 xa in hi: ih. i.v wW aflfMiHlitifc U MUliUiMlM wft w4) 21 lbs. fcfae Best AA WSi) Eastern Sugar -P VWmT Wii) (With a $3.00 Purchase) VVjK 3-lb Hunter's Brand Pie Peaches 25c jfft Pork and Beans, per can 7c Wijff Kegular 10c size (USSP. Fancy Dried Peaches, per lb -. 1Qc JgW These are the 15c and 20c grade. Wyi 2 1-2 lb. can of Griffin & Skelley's Asparagns 20c KI FLOURjK Lancaster's PrideS 251b. Sack..'. $ .80 j)jb 50 lb. Sack 1.60 KJj? 1001b. Sack 3.15 MjWe Have Fresh Fish Every Friday M?1 T. C. LE1NIHA1N, ftCash Grocery. $Both Phones 234 . H)rfCoJ. Clay Resigns From Board.Ma meeting of the Board of Trustees of the State University held inLexington Wednesday, Col. C. M. Clay,of Bourbon county, a member of theBoard, tendered his resignation, on theground of ill health and as he insistedhis resignation be accepted, Hon. J.N. Camden, of Woodford county, wasnamed as his successor Judge T. L.Edelin, of Frankfort, was chosen totake Col. Clay's place on the ExecutiveCommittee.Col. Clay has been in declininghealth for about a year, following anillness of pneumonia during the earlypart of last fall, from the effects ofwhich he has not fully recovered. Herecently returned from Florida, wherehe spent the winter with the hope ofrecuperating his strength. Owing tohis advanced age he has practicallygiven up 'business activities, recentlyretiring as a member of the State Racing Commission and disposed of histhoroughbred holdings to abandon theturf after many years at-the game.If Your Money Was HumanIt Would Not Want To BeExchanged For Clothing Unless it Was Dollar For DollarValue.Don't let your. money buy just Clothing, Make itBuy the RealDependable ClothingThe kind that is backed up by a guarantee from theright kind of a merchant. Dollar for dollar valuesare assured when you purchase Clothing from thisstore, and you will find this same rule applies toevery dollar's worth of merchandise bought here.-Purchases Wool.Mr. Joseph Houston, of near thiscity, purchased this week from Mr.Miller Ward 556 fleeces of wool at aprivate price,use in the general fund.Stetson Shoes andStetson Hat$Manhattan Shirts inbright, snappySpring stylesMitchell & Blakemore,jFeature Act at the Paris Grand.Pronounced by mangers from allparts of the country as being the mostwonderful exhibition of the control ofelectricity, W. A. Quigg & Co., willpresent their feature act at the Grandto-night and to-morrow night. Featured in this act is Miss Mabel Burnell,known from coast to coast as "TheElectrical Venus," the perfect womanand queen manipulator of electricity.While the act itself is an educationaltreat, it is not, however, without itscomedy situation and as a whole anintensely amusing, interesting andmystifying.Aside from this Mr. Wahl will singone of the latest and most popularsongs, and the two reel Bison feature"Indian Blood" will be shown. Firstshow- at 7 and second at 9 o'clock.The great trick picture "The NewlyWed's Baby will be shown to-morrownight.IOutfitters to MenParis, Kentucky'SwmmEiKiiiiiiiiiiiiiinririminiihiniiniiiiiiiiuiniiiiiiiiniiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiniiiiiiiniiiiiii'iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiwmjFeature Picture at Columbia.Folowing the custom for Saturdayto give the best, the Columbia hasarranged a picture program that isbound to please the lovers of the silent drama. A Key-Bee feature entitled "The Will o' the Wisp," is produced on the usual broad scale of theKay-Bee picture and is intensely interesting throughout the entire two reels.The picture, while it shows stirringscenes of battle is entirely differentfrom the usual war or Western storiesand must be seen to be appreciated.One other good comedy picture willmake a show that will be unequaledin the straight picture houses.FRANK & COThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.mmmsmvfjZ"!Straw Hats andPanama HatsIn all the Latest Styles and atPrices in Reach of Everybody. vill"mmsrSSm$t h imitiz- Summer UnderwearB. V. D. in Union Suits in Separate Garments.IEHimShoot at Big Pond Today.A number of local sportsmen will goto Big Pond range on the farm of Mr.Thomas Henry Clay, Jr., neaV Austerlitz today to enjoy a practice shoot after which they will fish in the pond ofMr. Clay, which abounds with gamefish.3KijgLg'cmmWkmPlain Balbriggin in Union Suits and Separate -Gar- 0,menus. mPorus Knit in Union Suits and Separate Garments.Scriven in Union Suits and Separate Garments.Our Prices on Underwear 25 to $2PRKMGO.GloMierswMmE- s-PsiV.jijjp and Furnishers mFiscal Court in Regular Session.The Bourbon Fiscal Court met inregular monthly session yesterdaywith Judge Denis Dundon presidingand the following magistrates present: L. J. Fretwell, E. P. Thomason,R. H. JBurris, J. J. Redmond, O. B.Lloyd, B. F. Stipp, John N. Shropshire,and George K. Redmon.The report of Road Supervisor C.F. Redmon was read, accepted andordered made of record. Claims forrepairs on turnpikes to the amountof $3,239.32 were allowed and orderedpaid. Other claims against the county aggregating $603.22 were orderedpaid.Dr. Frank Knox was elected pauper physician for the Ruddles Millsprecinct. Squires Burris and Thomason were appointed a committee tohave the Roseberry pike surveyed andbuilt. Squires Shropshire and Lloydwere appointed a committee to havethe Shropshire pike surveyed and builtThe sum of $150 was appropriated foruse on the Frank Shropshire pike provided a like amount was raised by J.O. Ralls and the sum of $1,100 was ordered paid to Louie Bower for repairing three bridges. .The' court elected. Dr. C. B. Smith amember of the Bourbon County HealthBoard. Courity'Treasurer S. E. Bedford was ordered to borrow $5,000 forPIIN AL CUTON3Ladies' and Misses' SuitsWe have on hand just 38 Suits, mostly small sizes; and to closeour entirely we have divided them in two lots as below:All Suits that formerly sold at $15.00 and some$20.00 Suits, nowAll other Suits, some sold at $30.00now$5.95$9.95Alterations will be madenot in this sale.at cost White Suits and odd sizes;Summer GoodsNewest Styles in Wash Dresses, Suits,Coats and Skirts.. A complete line of White and Colored Linens,Ratines, P. K. and Crepe, and Trimmings suitable for same.Come in and take a look around. We wantyour trade. f "FRANK c C..simiiummuiimmitjfljimiu AfJt"ttiBftSaa SKSKKKS609i$03Siw ;; --3ff- "il.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 6 1,913il;411tifIIf'AnrAitrsvmniHmam amiI o -", .atoes vnatto Overv cutNew models and exclusive patterns areshown at all times in our display of Women'sfootwear. Every pair of these Shoes alsoshow elegance of finish and grace in each particular line. We can give you fitting qualitiesin Shoes which cannot be excelled, and as toservice, it need only be said that our Shoes aremade by the best Shoe makers in the world.We can give them fo you in width's as narrowas AA.We invite your inspection.Geo. Mcm f he1Phones 3013",'''':'CW -Dourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.BourbonParis Kentucky.&'i''''!r',,KGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.M. A. CAHALvLfiarber Shop.First-Class Workmen.Tolite and Prompt Attentionto All.Hot and Cold BathsAVe Thank You For a Share ofYour Patronage.Trees Trees Trees"Fruit and Ornamentals, Strawberries, Shrubs, "Hedging. Grape?. Asparagus, Rheubarb, Roses, Peonies,Phiox, etc.Everything for Orchard, Lawn andGarden. NoJAgents.H. F. EIILLENMEYER & SONS,Lexington, Ky.'A WIRED HOUSEBSraCTlY UP-TO-DATE.sippeaiiomanIWilliams,The Shoe ManJLai im tifi.uiivVfxwi' SWest StreetWe Take Pleasure.in '"oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fov fine work and itdever goes heck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we- want as we like toappreciateeLaundry,Kentucky Traction andTerminal Co.INTERURBAN SCHEDULEtoHLve. Lexington Lve. Paris B 8for Paris For Lexington.x6.0U a m 6.45 a m7.20 am x7.30 a mx8.00 a m 8.15 a m8.50 a m x9.00 a m10.20 a m 9.45 a m11.50 am ") 11.15 a'm1.20 p m 12.45 p m2.50 p m 2.15 p m3.30 p m 3.45 p m4.20 p m 4.30 p m5.00 p in 5.15 p m8.00 p m v COO p m7.20 p m 6.45 p m9.10 p m 8.15 p m11. CO p m 10.05 p mx Daily Except Sunday.Take Plenty of Time to Eat.There is a saying that "rapid eatingis slow suicide." If you have formedthe habit of eating too rapidly you aremost likely suffering from indigestionor constipation, which will result inserious illness eventually unless corrected. Digestion begins first in themouth. Food should be thoroughlymasticated and insalivated. Thenwhen you have a fullness of the stomach or feel dull and stupid after eating, take one of Chamberlain's Tablets. Many severe cases of stomachtrouble and constipation have :been cured by the use of these tabletsyThey are easy to take and are mostagreeable in effect. Sold by all dealers. J' ' - , . " '! HE BOURBON HEWSi PARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year $2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on cBndidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar mati er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space a newspaper's stock intrad source f revenue.ANNOUNCEMENTS.The News is authorized to make theI following announcements, subiect tothe action of the Democratic PrimaryAugust 2, 1913:For RepresentativeREUBEN" HUTCHCRAFr.For State SenatorHON. J. Wllili CLAYRTJFTJS HADDENFor Commonwealth's AttorneyVICTOR A. BRADLEYFor County ClerkPEARCE PATONJ. "WALTER PAYNEFor Police JudgeR. S. PORTERL. GRINNANTHOS. J. HOLLIDAYE. B. JANUARYFor CoronerGEO. M. KISERRUDOLPH DAVISFor MayorJ. T. HINTONJAS. M. O'BRIEN.For Police ChiefJ. C. ELGIN, Sr.W. F. LINKGEO. M. HILLBEN BISHOPGEO. W. JUDYFor JailerJOSEPH FARRISW. O. BUTLERFor CouncilmenFirst "Ward"WHITTINGTON MANN.GEO. D. SPEAKES. v"W.T.BROOKS.Second "Ward."W. O. HINTON.BRUCE MILLER."W A. "W ALLEN."WM. KENNEY,Third "WardJACK "WOODS.For Assessor.R. M. GILKEY.L. B. Purnell,,Deputy.JOHN S. WIGGINS.Win. Lynch, Deputy.For County Judgec. a. McMillan.For County AttorneyGEO. BATTERTON.For MagistrateERNEST MARTIN, ParisL. J. FRETWELL, ParisrA. L. STEVENSON,ClintonvilleFor Sheriff"W.F. TALBOTT, tW. G. McCLINTOCK, DeputyJ. O. MARSHALL, DeputyKentucky Fair Dates.The following are the dates fixedfor holding the Kentucky fairs in 1913as far as reported:Mt. Sterling, July 234 days.Harrodsburg, July 29 4 days.Madisonville, July 29 4 days.Uniontown, Aug. 5 5 days.Taylorsville, Aug. 5 4 days.Tri-County Fair (Carroll, Gallatin,Owen), Saunders, Aug. 6 4 days.Danville, Aug. 6 3 days.Blue Grass Fair, Lexington, Aug. 116 days.Mt. Vernon, Aug. 6 3 days. -Winchester, Aug. 6 4 days.Berea, Aug. 7 3 days.Fern Creek (Buechel), Aug. 12 4days. vLeitchfield, Aug. 12 3 days.Henderson, Aug. 12 5 days.Brodhead, Aug. 13 3 days. "Perryville, Aug. 1& 3 days.Vanceburg, Aug. 13 4 days.PARIS, AUG. 195 days.Hardinsburg, Aug. 193 days.Lawrenceburg, Aug. 19 4 days.Shepherdsville, Aug. 19 4 days.Erlanger, Aug. 20 4 days'.Stanford, Aug. 203 days.Ewing, Aug. 213 days.Eminence, Aug. 21 3 days.Elizabethtown, Aug. 26 3 days.Shelbyville, Aug. 26 4 days.London, Aug. 264 days.Nicholasville, Aug. 26 3 days.Florence, Aug. 27 4 days.Germantown, Aug. 27 4 days.Alexandria, Sept. 2 5 days.Fulton, Sept. 2 5 days.Frankfort, Sept. 2 4 days.Somerset, Sept. 2 4 days.Bardstown, Sept. 3 4 days.Barboursville, Sept. 3 3 days.Tompkinsville, Sept. 3 4 days.Franklin, Sept. 4 3 days.Hodgenville, Sept. 9 3 days.Monticello, Sept. 9 4 days.Morgantown, Sept. 11 3 days.TRADING AT HOME ,BENEFITS THE BUYER.Lexington Leader.Of all the problems and perplexities that beset the Lexington .merchants, there is none so baffling andat the same time so exasperating ,asthe practice of frading with the itenerant merchants who periodically visitLexington.Within the past month out of townmerchants have been having displaysat some one of the hotels in Lexington which they do more or less duringthe year, and their show rooms arecrowded with Lexington people, whowithout malicious intent, do Lexingtonmerchants a great deal of harm. Lastweek the Leader received an advertisement from a prominent Louisville dry goods firm announcing a display of goods to be held at 'aLexington hotel, which they wishedinserted in the Leader and forwhich they were willing to pay thehighest price the Leader chargesfor advertising. But the advertisement was refused by the businessmanager of the Leader, because herealized what it would mean to theLexington merchants, and knew thatthe display of ready to wear garmentsbought in Lexington at a less cost thanthe foreign merchant could afford tosell them, as he has in addition to Jhis regular expenses, the extra expense of travel and hotel bils for theemployees traveling with the display.These foreign merchants do not payone dollar of Lexington's taxes . Theydo not subscribe one dollar to themany charities which Lexington merchants are daily asked to subscribeto, and to which they always generously respond. They do not pay onefoliar out to any Lexington personfor salaries. They come to Lexington, stay two or three days, and depart, carrying away $1,000 or $1,500,and never spend outside of theirhotel bills one cent toward the upkeep of the city or for the benefitof any citizen.The problem is not peculiar to'Lexington. It besets every city whichhas a prosperous, discriminating classof buyers and a progressive, accommodating, enterprising class of merchants. If the money which is sent out ofLexington to buy goods were merelyto buy articles which cannot be obtained here, or to secure values materially better than a dollar will buyhere, the merchants would have nocause to complain.The above statement is putting thecase very clearly and very mildly.Every business man in Lexingtonpays for the privilege of supplyingthe people with their useful needs. Heemploys" clerks and other help fromamong the local home people. Hecontributes in taxes rents, salariesand donations, an immense sum everyyear to the welfare and prosperity ofthe community, and his only return isthrough the vofume of his business.There are goods to beobtained bymail, at prices far below the pricesoffered by local dealers. This doesnot mean that the local merchant isbeing undersold. It merely meansthat if the local merchant carriedgoods of this quality on his shelves,where they could be seen before purchase was made, they would lie forever unsold. The Lexington merchant has the same access to thewholesale markets that any dealersof reputable goods have, and -he cannot afford to put in his stock goodsthat will not bear inspection, or whichwhen sold, will bring discredit uponthe business which he is striving tobuild up.The home merchant is ever readyto meet your urgent necessity. Whenthe eye is caught by the invitation tovisit a display or inspect a special lineof shoes, dresses, waists, hats, etc.,is not the home merchant entitled toan opportunity to meet the new demand? That is all he asks.The reader can readily see Advocatesof buying at home are reaching outdaily in their effort to attract pauronsfrom adjoining towns. That which isapplicable to Lexington can also beapplied to Paris. Our merchants arecapable of competing with the merchants of Lexington in the quality ofgoods, cheapness and in quantity ofstock.Follow the policy advocated by theLexington newspaper an BUY ATHOME, thereby helping home enterprises and keeping money among homepeople. Few if any Lexington people spend their money in Paris. Whyshould the people o fthis city turntheir money into Lexington enterprises or spend it with Lexington merchants, where it will remain. Tradingat home benefits the home people aswell as the home merchant.Can't Keep It Secret.The splendid work of Chamberlain'sTablets is daily becoming more widely known. No such grand remedy forstomach and liver troubles has everbeen known. For sale by all dealers.ONLY ONE BEST.Paris People Give Credit Where CrjeditIs Due.People of Paris who suffer with weakkidneys and bad backs want a kidneyremedy that can be depended upon.Doan's Kidney Pills is a medicine forthe kidneys only, and pne that is backed by willing testimony of Paris people. Here's a case:M. Holleran, 200 W. Seventh street,Paris, Ky., says: "Sometimes the passage of the kidney secretions were realpainful. I had backaches, too. I usedmuch medicine, but was not benefitted until I took Doan's Kidney Pills.They soon made me feel better andstronger." ,Mr. Holeran is only one of manyParis people who have gratefully endorsed Doan's Kidney Pills. If yourback aches if your kidneys botheryou, don't ask for a kidney remedyask distinctly for Doan's Kidney Pills,the same tha tMr. Holleran had theremedy backed by home testimony.50 cents at all stores. Foster-MilburnCo., Props., Buffalo, New York."When your back is lame Rememberthe name.",-ToSeeking Health and StrengthE13EEIEBFor those ills peculiar to women Dr. Piercerecommends his "Favorite Prescription" as"THE ONEA medicine prepared by regular graduated physician of unusual experience in- treating woman's diseases carefully adaptedto work in harmony with the most delicate feminine constitution.All medicine dealers have sold it with satisfaction to customers for the past 40 years. It i3 now obtainable in liquid orsugar-coated tablet form at the drug store or send 50 one-centstamps for a trial box, to Buffalo.Every woman may write fully ar.d confidentially to Dr. Pierce,Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute, Buffalo, N. Y., and may, bssure that her case will receive careful, conscientious, confidentialconsideration, and that experienced medical advice will be givento her absolutaly free.Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regulate and invigorate stomach, liver and bowels. Sugar coated, tiny granules easy to take as candy.asBSs:2s'a.&'4mE2d(PSome Hot Neflus.We will in a few days receive a car ofSemiAnthricite Coal. It has the Pocahontas fracture, isa much harder Coal therefore comes a betterpreparation, and is an ideal Furnace Coal.ANALYSISVolatile 30.10Carbon 66.00Moisture 40Ash. 3.50is you are interested in a first class furnaceCoal, come to the yard ofDodson & Deo tonThe Home of Good CoalYards, South Main St. Coth Phones 140Now,;is the time to lay(feseCSxSXg&gsQttxg1. Sells My Products2. Gets Best Prices3. Brings Supplies7. rays .bor ltseli Uver and Overj &sUSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet.For information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated,Extra50 Fine and Stylish Sample Suits for Ladies and Misses, values $15 and $20, to be sold, special at $10.90. All Women andMisses size.Made by the best manufacturers in the country to demonstrate the high character of their production.After the suits were displayed we immediately bought themat an unusual advantage, and now we price them awfully low, at$10.90The excellent tailoring perfection of fit and quality, of materials of these suits and the low price will make a grand purchasefor you.Call and see them atTwinsi. DepartCorner SeventhWe are agents for PictorialBon Bon and W. B. Corsets.J -Roofs put on twenty-six years ago are as good as new to-day, andhave never needed repairs. What is the result? Why practicallyevery other shingle manufacturer is trying to imitate it, so be not deceivedlook for the words "Cortright Reg. U. S. Pat Off." embossed on thecorrugation. It is put there for your protection. Accept no substitute.Best & Hawkins,Women -REMEDY"in your Winter GoalASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the CumberlandiTelephone works for him. He will reply:. 4. Protects the Home1'""5. Helps the Housewife6. Increases Profits;Values!and Main Sis.Patterns, Buster Brown Hose,mem stoieDesigned and Patentedin 1867The StandardEver SinceMillersburs, KyviLf v j'-.rfr2V--Jf iI HE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, 'KENTUCKY, JUNE 6, 1913.I KlSrlMHiWMlNMMMMMHiaBourbon County'sTo Mammoth Cave !Trip l ipis9m 'JO I"1 United States Discrict Court,Eastern District o Kentucky,Covington.Central Home Telephone & Telegraph Co. .... ComplainantVs! Bourbon County Home Telephone Co.- - DefendantatjPersonally Conducted by Home People!The Hotel and Cave have been reserved for this Excursion, and by special arrangement no other partywill be booked for this date.All boys and girls under 16 years of age in care ofparents or chaperones will bePassed Through Cave Free!Three big days' sight seeing from start to finish.The party will leave Paris June 12, going on regularmorning train from all stations. Write or phone L. &N. Agent for particulars.RoundhTrip R. R. Farefrom All StationsAdults $5.65Children 2.85Board at Cave HotelMeals or LodgingAdults 50cChildren! 25cLimit on Tickets 1 O daysOne Route In the Cave ZB.OO or Ewo rotsteo for $3.00Boys or Girls under 1 6 years passed freeThis trip has been approved by all the County Officials, as well as the SuperintendentsCounty and City Schools, which makes it an opportune time) to see the Cave.Jj More Speed.' A group of clubmen were discussingthe'other night the speed and competition of modern city life the grindingsubways, the standing lunches, andthe "parjors" where you get your hatteleaned while your shoes are being(shined. "For all that," remarked onepf the group a well-known patent lawIyer "I was surprised to find a downjtown barber shop with this sign m big(letters over the door:" 'Quick shave while you wait' "Dickens' Hold on Public.Two facts illustrate the unabatedhold that Dickens has on the public:A large attended exhibition of Dickensiana, has been held at the GroilerClub, New York City, at which theonly considerable section of "Pickwick" 'MS. known to exist was to toeseen at the other end of the world,members of the ill-fated Capt. Scott'sexpedition are reported to have solaced their weeks of imprisonment in! an igloo by reading aloud each daye8eaftMiss Margaret K. Caden,itttt310 Main Street, Lexington, Ky..Special Display of. StiiTimer Hats . ,Moderate PricesBEES KILLED 200 PULLETSReleased Honey Gatherers Also GiveAuto Party a Hot Time .in California.Porterville, Cal. Two hundred pullets belonging to W. F. Weems, apoultry raiser in the Piano district,were stung to death when a swarm ofbees attacked them. The bees, whichbelong to the Kern County Land company, are brought to this district everyyear during the orange blossom season. Besides the chickens which werekilled, several score of others were sobadly stung that they will also die.After the bees had attacked theChickens they continued down theroad and attacked an automobileparty. The bees were so thick thatafter the car had emerged from theswarm the tonneau was covered withthem.e$fteeee9$seeee6eeeec$GDog's Tail Pulled Trigger.Pittsburg, Kan. James McFall wenthunting a few days ago. His dog gotinto a row with another dog and soonthere was a fight. McFall set the rifledown, held one hand over the muzzleand watched the fight. One of thedogs switched his tail and hit the trigger of the rifle. Doctors have not yetfound the bullet in McFall's hand, butthere :s a hole where it went in.niis 51"Pittsburgh Perfect" FenceWhy we are Advertising ItWe are giving "Pittsburgh Perfect"Fence as wfde publicity through newspapers and farm journals, as is givenmost news items of national importance.This advertising, of course, costs us agreat deal of money. Why are wespending it?Simply because we thoroughly andhonestly believe "Pittsburgh Perfect",AS MADE TODAY, is' sl fence unequaled by any other on the market.We know exactly what's in it, for wemake it entirely in our own furnaces andmills.Doesn't our faith in "Pittsburgh Perfect" Fence make it worthy your full investigation?Made in Different Stylet for FIELD, FARM. RANCH, 1AWN. l?-r-r PJ fn-vantawlCHICKEN, POULTRY and RABBIT YARD and GARDEN J-Very fVUQ VjUdXctlllCCUAsk your dealer for "Pittsburgh Perfect" and insist on his furnishing it. Do not allow him to persuadeyou that some other fence is just as good. If he doesn't sell it,, write us direct.If you are interested in Wire Fencing, writefor FREE copy of our ALMANAC, 1913Pittsburgh Steel Co.Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania"Pittsburgh Perfect" Brands of Barbed Wire;Bright, Annealed & Galvanized Wire; TwittedCable Wire; Hard Spring Coil Wire; FenceStaples; Poultry Netting Staples; Regular WireNails; Galvanized Wire Nails; Large HeadReefing Nails; Single Loop Bale Ties : "Pittsburgh Perfect" Fencing. All made ot OpenHearth material.ctfss"Wl'ii ll ill i1IfPursuant to a decree of sale entered herein in the United States District Court for the Eastern District ofKentucky at Covington, Kentucky, onJanuary 21, 1913, I will offer for saleat the front door of the court house intlie city of Paris, Bourbon county,Kentucky, onTUESDAY, JULY 8, 1913,at 2 o'clock, p. m., the following described property, towit:"All the telephone plant and systemof the Bourbon County Home Telephone Company in Paris, Kentucky,and in Bourbon county ,1 Kentucky,and all its other property, rights,privileges, franchises and immunitiesof every character and description,whether in action or possession,wheresoever situated, and everythingof value which the Telephone Company owns or is entitled to, includingall the property, accounts, notes, moneys and assets of every description, inthe possession of S. M. Heller, Receiver herein, or in the possession- ofthe United States Trust Company,Trustee."The terms of said sale are as follows "No bid will be accepted from anybidder who shall not place in myhands at the time of making the bid,as a part of such bid, a pledge that hewill make good his bid if accepted bythe court, either in the sum of tenthousand dollars (10,000) in moneyor the sum of ten thousand dollars($10,000) in the form of a certifiedcheck or certicate of deposit, payable to or endorsed to myself as specialmaster; or in lieu of such money orcheck or certificate of deposit, twenty-fivethousand dollars ($25,000) parvalue, of thebonds secured by themortgage hereby foreclosed.The deposit received from any unsuccessful bidder or bidders shall bereturned to him or them, when theproperty is struck off.In case a bid shall be accepted andthe sale confirmed by this court andthe ssuccesful bidder shall complywith all the terms thereof, the cashdeposit made by him shall be credited as part qayment of the purchaseprice.In the event any bidder whose bidhas been accepted, shall fai 1 to comply with any order of the court in re-gard to the payment of the purchaseprice, the cash, checks, certificates ofdeposit or . bonds deposited by himshall be retained as liquidated damages and shall be applied toward theexpense of any resale which may beordered, or toward making good anydeficiency or loss in case the property at a resale shall bring less thanat a prior sale; but, if a bid be accepted and the sale thus made by the Special Master shall not be confirmed bythe court, then the deposit made bythe bidder shall be returned to him. 'The purchaser shall, as a part ofhis bid and purchase, assume andagree to pay any and all liabilitiesincurred by the receiver since his appoitment, which may remain unpaidon the date of confirmation of sale.Upon the confirmation of sale thepurchaser may pay so much of thepurchase price as may not be required by the order of confirmationto be paid in cash, by paying for andsurrendering outstanding bonds orcoupons secured by the deed of trustherein foreclosed, whether said coupons are attached to or cut fromsaid bonds, and thesaid bonds or coupons shall be received at such priceor value as shall be the equivalentto the amount that the holders thereof would have beenentitled to receivethereon, in case the entire purchaseprice were paid in cash.All bonds and coupons that may beused to make such payment shall besurrendered to the Special Masterand the amount so paid on said bondsor coupons or applied thereon shallbe endorsed on said bonds or couponsby the Special Master, and the saidbonds and coupons shall then be returned to the holders or ownersthereof respectively.Any party to this suit or any holderor holders o f the bonds or couponsherein referred to, may bid and purchase atsuch sale, and shall be required to qualify and make deposit asabove provided.The court reserves the right to resell said property or any part thereof,on such notice as it .may direct, incase tie purchaser, after confirmation of sale, shallfail or omit to makeany payment upon the unpaid purchase price, within thirty days afterthe entry of an order requiring suchpayment.Said sale may be adjourned or postponed from time to time, on the request of the complainant, or on therequest of the United States TrustCompany, Trustee, or its solicitors.For greater particularity referenceis hereby made to said decree.J. W. MENZIES,Special Master.June 3-10-17-24'Victor Bogaert Co.,fJewelers and ImporetrsDEALERS m HIGH-CLASS IDiamonds andPreciousStonesWe carry a large assortment of Sterling Silver, andeverything in the Jewelry line.Your'patronage is solicited.VICTOR B0GAERT CO.,1 33-1 35 W. Main St.,Lexington, - - Kentucky IMWBOHHHBaiMMHHL.nwfsTHRIVED ON THE SMOKY AIRJfSjSmREXLiauifl Poultry Hemedy2Sc"Saves the Sick"For Gape, While Di-anheon,Roup,I,imber-ncka I'd all Poultrydeases.No Cure NoPay, It wuiLs whilethey rno;t.PPY I.Wd T icev-.W Killer i-ic.Has no "equal" as alice, mit"a.ul jrenn Ul1 r. Ee:t v h lor allsores an'lc.tscit rllstok. Imiicsi di&...f.ctTt for hou''.sta1.1"dog kennel and hen huuse. BY MA. I, s.cTHE REX CHEMICAL CO., Newport, Ky.SOLD BYVarden & Son, L. A.Soper, Little Rock,D. E. Clark & Co., Millersburg, Kv.English Railroad Man Who Had Long. Worked Underground, Declares ItRestored His Health.The immunity of smokers frommany infectious diseases has longbeen known to medical ,men. Andsmoke of many kinds has been usedsuccessfully in the treatment of troubles of the throat and chest. But ordinary coal smoke has never beenlooked upon as anything but a badthing to breathe. Yet remarkable testimony to its value has just been givenby a man who has been breathingit all day for 49 years. He is Inspector Thomas Arnold of the South JEastern and London and Chatham railway,England, who has just retired fromthe service, which he has been in eversince he was fifteen years old, asplatelayer, signalman, ticket collectorand inspector."I don't know what I shall do," hesaid, "when I have to spend all dayout on top. It is a fine, healthy placeunderground. Give me the smokeand smell; it is good for you. Iused to suffer from a chest complaintbefore I went under, but the smokesoon cured that; it killed the microbes.That is what I used to tell the passengers when I was under at Snowhill station. No, I don't care muchfor the seaside. I like this work and Iam very sorry to leave it. I thinkI shall have to get some job on topnear an underground station. I cannot understand why some people donot like underground traveling; it'ssafer, quieter and healthier thanamong the traffic on top."Special Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther Notice -We payl21-2c for greenbeef chides. Call us, up-or bring it to our placeMAX MUNICK,8th Street, PARIS, KYCall Eash Tenn. Phone 374 jProfessional CardsJ J. WILLIAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.itoom 1 Elks Building .Dr. Wm. Kenney?,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones ' T 1?) Home 136.Residence J E T- 334residence j Home 2MU.'tfthe Lamp Oil thatSaves Eyes v.Nothing is more important in thehome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by getting the oil that burnsclear and clean without a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Costs no more than the inferiortnnkwagon oils saves MONEY savesWORK saves eyes.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Chas. C. Stoli Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "No Carb"Auto Oil.DR. A. EP KELLER,Practicing Physician,Ofiaces, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's BidParis - - - KentuckySEASON OF 1913.Egyptian Baron 5111!Trial Over 3 Track 3 SecondsSlow 2:09M.Sire of Nancy Baldwin (4 2:29K,trotted over slow track in 1912' in2:12; Beautiful Lady, two-year-oldtrial, 1912, 2:15, last half in 1:05;Nelson, 3-year-old trial of 2:18, lasthalfinl:02?Sired bv Oakland Baron 2:093,Winner of Kentucky Futurity. Sireof Gail Hamilton 2:06X, Rhvthmic 2:06. Baron De Shay 2:08.Dam Egyptienne 2:18,by Mambrino King 1279.2d dam Bay Hambletonian,(dam of Egyptienne 2:18, Henrietta2:17, Fulano 2122M) by Hambletonian 10.$25 fo Insure a Living Colt.DOUGLAS THOMAS,Curtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop(Next to Bourbon Bank)3'- CHAIRS - 3-Expert BarbersPolite Attention -Hot andJJCoIdl Baths; at AitfHoursNo LongjWaits.AShare of the Public Pat-ronage Solicited.4 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDepositsVour Deposits Are GuaranteedYOU TAKE NO RISKSIf You Are Interested.Write UsONION STATE BINE:Muskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000VJ&5hX&, Ft.tU, D-.TI .--uHbmHswf .4;tollof June)er --Paris, Kyy'&Jr,t&VWVf'Vf1HL BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE, 6 1913H VUifI1 IjKfWfm.Remedy for the FootRot.Commissioner of Agriculture J. W.Newman received a telegram a fewdays ago from A. D. Waldo, of Sterling, Col., containing what Mr. Waldoasserts is a sure cure for foot rot andthe foot and mouth disease, if applied"when either disease first appears inthe hoof of a domestic animal.Commissioner Newman gives outthe remedy for what it is worth, notbeing able to vouch for its efficacy byexperiment.The remedy is eight ounces of butterof antimony and sixty drops of turpentine.Expert Barber.Mr. Carl Crawford, a barber of 36years' experience, invites the publicto his new shop at Windsor Hotel.Two chairs. Prompt service. Children's work a specialty. Razors honed satisfactorily.Colored Fair Dates Changed.The dates of the Paris Colored PairAssociation, which, has heretoforebeen held folowing the exhibition ofthe Bourbon County Agricultural Society, in September, will this year beheld in August following the BourbonFair and will begin Tuesday, Aug.26, continue for five days..HARVB FIELDS, Pres.30-3t STEVE MOORE, Sect.PARIS NEEDS Y. M. C. A.isff MMMMMMHMtMlMMMIMMMMlMMWMMMMWMtjREASON WHY 1WE ARE GROWING!!Because we specialize on few things. 2Because we devote all our efforts to offer the best Suits 8in the country for$10.00 $13.50 and $16.50 jBecause we do not try to see how much we can get forour clothes, 8Because we are all the time trying to give you bettervalues for your money at$10.00 $13.50 and $16.50Because you pay us the cash and are not paying theother fellows' debts.Because our entire investment is in New Clothingbought when it could be bought cheap and notbeing worn with promise to pay "Soon as Can."Because the cash buyer has the advantage, and it isright that he takes it. Would'nt you?United Clothing Stores, Inc.Men's ThingsParis,6 Kentucky Stores-Harrodsburg, Lawrcnccburg,Winchester and Lexington.wtwriiAnybody Can OperateBrinlv LeverlessCultivators1Before You Buy Investigate theIBrinly Lieverless Cultivator. INO LEVERS NO SPRINGSALWAYS IN BALANCE II No Neck Weight or Flying Upof Pole.Will Do More Work, Do It Better, Longer and Easierand Without Those Frequent Break-downsYou Have With Other CultivatorsDraf tTJne-f ourth Lighter than on Ordinary Cultivators.For Sale ByYerkes & Prichard,Only Two Other Places as LargeKentucky Without Buildings.Building.inBesides Paris there are only twoplaces in Kentucky with, the population of 'Paris which have no YoungMen's Christian with well equippedbuildings. There are at least sixplaces of less population than Pariswhich have successful Associations,owning their own buildings.It is the concensus of opinion of themajority of the citizens of Paris thatthere is no place in Kentucky thatneeds aT. M. C. A. more than this cityand county. There is not a singledefinite eftort being made to safeguardthe "young men and boys every day inthe week. When a boy is not in hishome there is no place for him to go,except to questionable places.It is practically inevitable that a boygrowing up in Paris forms the habit ,bfdrinking liquor, gambling, smoking orkeeping bad company.The boys of Paris have boundlessenergies. Yet these energies are being spent recklessly, with but littlethought of an efficient life. No direction is given to these exuberances ofour youth. Such an institution as theY. M. C. A., which directs rather thanrepresses energy, is needed more thananything else. It's no wonder that theboys of Paris are learning to drinkwhiskey and gamble. A town sometimes goes so far as to have a moralchaos. When a country boy comes totown what have we to offer him exceptthe street, the poolroom and the saloon? Is there a single place in Parishe can make his headquarters and besure he is in good company? One tripto town has ruined many a red-bloodedcountry boy. Where have theyoung men connected with the railroadas office men, civil engineers, etc., tospend their evenings under good influences? The young men of Paris and Bourbon county want a Y. M. C. A. Thinkwhat it would mean to them to havean Association with its various clubfeatures, swimming pool, gymnasium,reading room, educational and Bibleclasses, and the many features continally being promoted by a Christiansecretary and physical director menwho have a keen appreciation of therestless energy of youth and the factthat the Y. M. C. A. is not a hot house,but a place to make boys and menstrong physically, mentally and morally. Is there -a community in the Statemore able than Paris and Bourboncounty to care for its boys?Slop-Fed Cattle Shipped East.The first shipment of 1,100 fat cattle, valued at .$115,000, from the Bakerdistillery, at Frankfort, to the NewYork butchers, began Wednesday.Mat Cohen, o f Lexington, ' isin charge of the shipment. Tlie cattle were shipped by Simon Weil andJonas Weil, of Lexington, and sold toMonte Fox, of Danville, for the NewYork parties.RELGOUSRev. J. S. Sims, of the MethodistChurch will preach Sunday morningat 10:30 o'clock and at 7:30 o'clock.Sunday School at 9:30 a. m. Ep worthLeague at 6:45. A cordial invitationis extended to these services.Rev. E. M. Lightfoot will be in hispulpit at the Baptist church Sundaymorning and evening at the usualhours. At the morning service Rev.Lightfoot requests that every memberof the church be present as he hassomething very important to placebefore them.Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive will leavethis Xveek to raise $3,000 for the Laym4js Evangelistic Fund of the Presbyterian church. He will be absentseveral weeks. His pulpit will befilled by the Home Mission Committee, who have selected Rev. S. E.Ikemoto, of Louisville, who is a verynoted speaker, and who be on a Chautauqua circuit this summer. Rev.Shive's pulpit will be filled morningand night by Rev. Ikemoto.MATRIMONIAL NOTESDICKEY-KELLEY.,Miss Evelyn Dickey, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. John Dickey, of this city,and Mr. George A. Kelley, of Detroit,Mich., were married Wednesday inCovington. Friends from Cynthianawho witnessed the ceremony wereMr. and Mrs. John T. Reynolds, Jr.,Miss Anna May Addams, Mr. RobertH. Rees and Mr. Tom Moore, of Paris,The bride wore a handsomee coatsuit of blue. She is a lovely and attractive girl, a favorite in social circles in Cynthiana and in every waycharming. Mr. and Mrs. Dickey recently moved to this city from Cynthiana. Mr. Kelly is a young lawyerof Detroit, where they will make theirfuture home.MOORE-WOODS--yrhe marriage of Miss Mary BrightMpore to Mr. Wallace Woods was solemnized Wednesday afternoon at 4:30o'clock at the residence of the bride'sparents', Mr. and Mrs. Thomas F.Moore in Winchester, in the presenceof only the immediate relatives of thecouple. The ceremony was performedby Rev. William Cumming.The bride is the only daughter ofthe home, and is one of the loveliestyoung ladies in Winchester. Mr.Woods is the only child of his parents.He has been teller at the People'sState Bank for some time, and is ayoung man of admirable character.He is a nephew of Messrs. J. H. andJames Stivers, and Mrs. Albert Burley, of this city, and Mr. S. H. Stivers,of Lexington.SALOSHIN-GREENGARD.j-7A. surprise wedding occurred onW-eanesday at high noon when MissEssie Saloshin became the bride ofMr. Benjamine Greengard, ofBinghampton, New York. The engagement of the couple was announcedsome time ago, but the plans of thewedding were kept a secret, only themembers of the bride's family knowing of the date the marriage wouldtake place.The bride, who is the attractivedaughter of Mr. and Mrs. Louis Saloshin, was becomingly attired in agown of white voile with a corsagebouquet of white roses. The groom isa young traveling man and has mademany friends in this city where he hasbeen a frequent visitor during theseveral months.The home of Mr. and Mrs. Saloshinon Pleasant street where the weddingtook place was pretty in its decorations of pink and white carnations.The parlor in which the ceremonywas performed was softly illuminatedwith pink candles.Rev. Jacob Milvener, of Cincinnati,said the impressive Jewish ceremonyI in the presence of only the immediateicimmes ot uie coniracung parties,after which an elaborate sevencourse dinner was served. The wedding colors, pink and white were carried out in the table decorations.Mr. and Mrs. Greengard left on anafternoon train for New York wherethey wgll make their future home.You Will Be Pleased.Get shoe satisfaction by trading attt FELD'S.Everything Fresh.Corn, Peas, Okra, Cuda Pineapple,Red and Black Raspberries.It C. P. COOK & CO.DEflffiFMNFRALSv ROBINETT.Little Logan Robinett, aged sixmonths, died Monday, at the home ofhis parents, Mr. and Mrs. WilliamRobinett, on Nineteenth street. Thebaby's death was caused by cholerainfantum. The burial took place Tuesday afternoon at 4 o'clock, in theParis cemetery. Services by Rev. J.S. Sims, of the Methodist church, conducted at the grave.WOOLUMS.v Miss Imogene Redmon, of thiscity, received a telegram Tuesday, announcing the death in Dayton, Tenn.,of her aunt, Mrs. Salie Woolums.Mrs. Woolums was formerly Miss Godman, of Bourbon county, a sister ofMrs. Mary Redmon, who, with Mrs.Mary Redmon, had been at the bedside of her mother for several wejeks.Death followed a protracted illnesswith stomach trouble. The burial willtake place at Dayton.Bftns fPlans offor Y. M. C. A. Maturing.Plans of the campaign to rai fualfor the erection of a Y . M. C. A.Jbuilding in the city are maturing. The.campaign will be launched on June 15,when the pulpits of all the churches in.the city will be filled with State Work-,ers of the organization.Mr. E. S. Woosley, of Louisville, theState Extension Secretary, has been,in the city several days, getting hisforces ready, and the ladies interested'in the movement are planning to entertain with an elaborate banquet atthe court house on the evening ofJune 16, and for lunches to be served'at headquarters every day during thecampaign. The provisional board appointed byMr. Woosley met at the home of Mr.Catesby Spears, on High street, Monday evening, at which the following;officers were elected: President, Mr..H. A. Power; Vice-President, Mr. ThossHenry Clay, Jr.; Secretary, Mr. C. Pook; Treasurer, Dr. J. T. VansantOthers present were Mr. C. P. Dix, ES. Woosley, Catesby Spears, W5Hinton, John T. Collins, Jos. Varden,.Dr. Frank Fithian, and Hon. C. toThomas.Everything points to the realizationof the plans to raise a fund sufficient,to erect and equip a building whickbe commensurate with the wealth andUneeds of the community.Graduating Gifts.We have a beautiful selection orgraduating gifts, such as books, fancypicture frames, etc. Come in and look:them over. ,6tf PARIS BOOK STORE.Teachers Election TomorrowThe election of county teachers will?be held tomorrow at the court house,,when the division boards will meet for--thatpurpose. Following is a list ofthe boards and the time of meeting:No. 1 3 p. m. Composed of MessrsD. C. Lisle, chairman; A. C. RowlandsC. H. Kuster, A. P. Adair, J. M. Leech,,and Grant Galloway. )No. 2 2 p. m. Messrs. Wesley Florence' chairman ; J. C. Keller J. W. Estes, Thos. Padgett and T. B. Brannock.No. 3 10 a. m. Messrs. T. W. Current, chairman; C. T. Adair, H. WVPurdy, O. H. Collier and Letton Vimont.No. 43:30 p. m. Mrs. John Ockerman, chairman; Mrs. Albert Mitchell.Messrs. Joseph Bodkins and ErnestCrouch.No. 5, 11 a. m. Messrs.J. J.W. Tanner, chairman; G. L. Rice, J. NMasdn, C. N. Martin and John Liter.No. G, 2:30 p. m. J. T. Ingels,.chairman; R. L. Stipp, W. E. Stilwell.Joseph Jacoby and F. P. White.Spring Goods.Don't forget to come to CharleyMunson's on the south side of tharrourt house, for your spring gods.We carry everything and sell at lowprices. 27-4tSuits 15 and $18.See our Blue Serge Norfolk suits at?15 and $1S before you buy. They arthe latest thing. We will save yomoney.16-tf HIGGINS & FLANAGAN.Garden Hose.We have a big stock of garden hoseand all kinds of nozzles. Telephoneus your order; all sizes and prices.JOHN J. CONNELLY,16-9t The Plumber.LOST,Pocketbook on Main between Seventh and Eighth streets Tuesday nightwhich contained about eighteen dollars in bills and Kappi Sigma Pi card.Finder return to Western Union Telegraph office and receive reward. (iOeaC2X23DGWomen's Pumps & OxfordsDealers inFarm Machinery Wagons, Buggies Coal and .Salt,'.. aa ii ii iiib' - m m--mrmmzwzDecrease in County School Census.It is estimated by the clerical forcein the Department of Education atFrankfort that" the school census thisyear will show a decrease of approximately 10,000 from last year's census.A decrease has been expected as theresult of the close scrutiny of returnsand the requirement that the returnsbe made on slips signed by the parentor guardian of the children, and theexpectation is supported by returnsfrom the fifty-one counties, so far reported, showing a decrease of 3,2761forty-four of the counties showed atotal loss of 5,074, and seventeen a total increase of 1,798. No city returnsare included in the list.Bourbon county for 1912 had a totalof 3,730 children of the school age jwhile the census "for 1913 is 3,530.r v."' y ... v.- -JWomen's White Canvas Pumps,flat silk bows, white canvasheels, our stock No. 1457; excellent values at 3.00.Women's Patent LeatherPumps,nice models for growing girlsand young misses. Oar stockNo. 1450. Well priced at 3 00.Wemen's Black Velvet Pumps,very pretty and fib the footfinely. A model that is verypopular this season. Our stockNo. 1450, at $3 00.Women's Gun Metal Two-StrapPumps, medium wide toe, medium heels, two straps acrossinstep, small silk bows. Ourstock No. 1454. Splendid valuesat $3.00.Women's Gun Metal Oxfords,medium, round toe, mediumheels, good values- at $3.00.Women's Black Satin Pumps,our No. 1455, flat satin bows,satin covered low heels. Handturned soles. "Unusual valuesatr3.00.I.I'I'RASH & CLAY, Inc.GOOD SHOES FOR EVERYBODY264 W. MAIN ST - - . . LEXINGTON, KY.I fThis Property Will be Soldiat AuctionSaturday, June T9at 2 OJCIock.S. E. BORLAND..-:XT .r(x - t Vu i f . - -- . A. JSL. ",. , y.X"Va '''stTHE BOURBON NEWS,' PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 6, 1933ftiffi BOURBON NEWS.MkHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADEHOUSE TURNISH-INGS.If you want to getthe bcstat the lowestprice, see my stockof housc-f urnishingsSOCIAL AND PERSONALMr. and Mrs. Harry Simon are visiting in Chicago.Mr. O. L.. Chandler, of Cyntliiana,is visiting friends in this city.Mis Ida Mae Erion, of near thiscity, is the guest of Miss Bettie Farris.Mr. W. B. Tinsley left Wednesdayfor a visit to his relatives in Roanoke,Va.Mrs. P. D. Shea has gone to Cincinnati for a visit to her son, Mr. Chas.Shea.Miss Frances Clay is the guest ofher aunt, Mrs. S. W. Willis, in Clarkccounty.COMMENCEMENT EXERCISESOf Paris High School Held at Auditorium Last Night.tiaH insurance ontobacco. Oldest company in the business.Thomas & Woodford.Summer Shirt Styles,coo nnr window display oflooking outing shirts.Parian neckwear 50c.J. W.1 to 4.cool-Bul-DAVIS &. CO.rVCW. B. M. Meeting.The regular monthly meting of theC W. B. M. "will be held in the parlorsof the Christian Church, Friday afternoon, at 2:45. Mrs. Custis Talbott,chcirman. Topic Mexico.New Manager Takes Charge, iMr. W. R. Goforth, of Athens, Term.,li s assumed the position of managerc the Western Union Telegraph office in this city. Mr. Goforth succeedsMr. W. C. Adkisson, who will leave today for Cincinnati.Trycakes.G-tfBeats Them All.one of our 10-cent wrappedThe kind that beats them all.T. LBNIHAN.Pressing and Cleaning.I have opened a first-class pressingand cleaning establishment over thesaloon of B. Weisberg. We are prepared to do all kinds of work in ourline. Work done promptly and satisfaction guaranteed. Let us have yourbusiness.6-2t EDW. BRAXXON.Will Leave for West Point.Mr. Winn Lisle, son of Mr. and Mrs.D. C. Lisle, of this county, will leavenext week for West Point where hewill enter the military academy. Mr.Lisle received appointment throughCongressman J. C. Cantrill, of theSeventh Kentucky Congressional District and has passed the examination.Receives Master Degree.Mr. Harry Stivers, son of Mr. andMrs. Sherman Stivers,, of Lexington,formerly, of this city, yesterday received the master degree in civil engineering at State University. Mr.Sthers graduated from the University in 1910 and after taking a month'scourse at the institution was awardedthe special degree.Try a Davis $20 Serge.Thoroughly good; fast colors; andtailored as well as any suit in ourhouse.J. W . DAVIS & CO.Trap Shoot at Vinchester.4 laree number of trap shootersfmm rHffprp.nt sections of the Statewill meet at Winchester July 4 to contest for the Kentucky State ChallengeCup, which was recently won by Mr.J. D. Gay at the meet in Winchester.Thomas H. Clay, Jr., has challengedMfr. Gay's right to the cup. Thetrophy is a beautiful one. SeveralParisd trap shooters will attenthe meet July 4.Straws and Panamas.Easv fitting, comfortable StrawHatsthat fit your face ashead. 2 to owell as yourJ. W. DAVIS & CO.Mr. W. O. Turner Announces,in annfhpr ml mn anDears the announcement of Mr. W. O. Turner forthe office of Magistrate from the Ruddles Mills precinct.Mr. Turner is a prominent and popular farmer of that precinct and is apractical and conservative gentleman,who would make a very efficient'Squire for the people of that part ofthe county. We understand thatMr. Turner has been solicited by so. r l.: errA& n mil-o !mauj "l "1S 7.;:" ,, tl ,"Lnd were given a kitchen showerTaPP TI1HI. I11S llUllilllU.Ll'JIl Ifl uiuiutii. I . ,assured before he starts.Patient Removed to Pest House.John Bowen, who came to this citylast Monday night from Dayton, O.,and who it was found had' a well-de-Telopedcase of small-pox, was removed yesterday to the Hinton farmwhere he was placed in a pest house.Bowen went to the home of his foster mother, Mrs. Miller, in East Pariswhere it was discovered he was suffering from the disease. The housewas placed in quarantine until thefamily could be removed. The city.health officials have the situation wellin hand and no spread of the diseaseis feared.D r?-jr Ex--Parisian Visits Old Home.tCol. Jim Arnold, of Cincinnati, hasbeen in the city for the past severaldays the guest of friends. He cameto Paris to attend the memorial exercises over the graves of the Confederate soldiers in the Paris cemeteryTuesday afternoon. Col. Arnold is amember of one of the oldest familiesof this community, being a son of thelate Thos. Arnold, who for many yearswas a prominen merchant of Paris. Hewas born and reared in this city.For the past thirty years, hehas been connected with the freightdepartment of the Queen & Crescentrailroad, and following the established rule of the road, after so manyyears of service he was placed on theretired list and receives a substantialpension. Col. Arnold is an ex-uoni.euMr. Ellsworth Dow, o f Memphis,Tenn., is hereon a visit to his father,Mr. R. P. Dow.Miss Elizabeth Mann was theguest this week of Miss Irene Tackett,in Millersburg.Mrs. N. F. Brent and son, EdmundWallace, have returned from a visit torelatives in Versailles.Mr. Henry Anderson, of Brodhead,is the guest of his aunt, Mrs. Mary Anderson, on High street.Mrs. Lou Rogers, of Scott county,is visiting her daughter, Mrs. R. F.Clendenin, on Cypress street.Misses Lou Ella and Mary GrahamJones, of North Middletown, are visiting relatives in Lexington.Mr. Henry Elliott, of Newport, isthe guest of Mr. Nelson Mason, at hishome near North Middletown.Prof. E. M. Costello left Mondayfor his home near North Middletownao spend his summer vacation.Mrs. Homer Rankin and childrenhave retturned from a visit to Mr. andMrs. James Archdeacon, in Carlisle.Miss Gladys Ashurst and MissMaud Elizabeth Ecton, of this city,are visiting relatives in Winchester.Mr. Woolfolk Ewalt, of JohnsonCity, Tenn., is the guest of his parents,Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Ewalt, in thiscity.Miss Mary F. King, of Montgomery county, is the attractive guest ofMrs. Will Cain at her home near thiscity.Mrs. H. H. Hancock and daughter,Miss Frances, have returned from avisit to Chattanooga and Cleveland,Tenn.Misses Goldie and Macie Saloshinreturned Monday evening from Cincinnati, where they visiteJ Miss HazUJoseph.Mr. David Joseph, of Cincinnati,is aguest of Jake Saloshin and attended the Saloshin-Greengard wedding Wednesday.Mr. John Kiely and little daughter, Mildred, of Covington, spent Sunday with his mother, Mrs. E. C. Kiely,on Mam street.Dr. J. S. Barnes and daughter,Mrs. Camillus Chatam, of Nicholasvillewere the guests of Mr. and Mrs. W.E. Board yesterday.Miss Rena Owens, who has beenconfined to her home for several weekssuffering with an attack of appendicitis, is improving.Mr. and Mrs. J. T. McCry havereturned to their home in North Middletown after a visit to Mrs. MargaretCampbell, in Nicholas county.Miss Freida Heller has returnedfrom State University, Lexington, forthesummer vacation, accompanied byMiss Mamie Hill, who will makeher a visit.Mr. and Mrs. Taylor Chandler,who have just begun housekeeping onNorth High street, were given a kitchen shower on Monday evening by anumber of their neighbors and friends.Mr. Will Spears and sister, Mrs.Powell, of Chattanooga, Tenn., andMrs. Bailey, of Louisville, motored tothis city Tuesday evening and werethe guests of friends and relatives.Mrs. Nancy Myers is quite ill atlersburg arrived yesterday to be at herher home on Mt. Airy avenue. Herdaughter, Mrs. Mary Whaley, of Millersburg, arived yesterday to be at herbedside.Miss Leila Keller has returned toher home in this city after a visit ofseveral weeks to Miss Bessie Ewalt atShawhan. She was accompanied homeby Miss Ewalt who will be her guestfor a wek.Miss Marian Lynch, teacher ofphysical culture at the Paris CitySchool, has returned to her home atWorcester, Mass., to spend the summer. She will return in September toresume her duties.Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Wills, who began housekeeping in , their recentlypurchased home on South High street,Tuesdayevening by a number of their friendsand neighbors and received a numberof useful presents.Mrs. John Ireland, of Lexington,formerly of Paris, is seriously ill atMartinsville, Ind., where she has beenunder treatment for several weeks.Her daughter, Mrs. Reamy Macey, ofLexington, was called to her bedsideWednesday.Miss Josephine Hayden has re- jturned to her home in this city, fromCave Springs, Ga., where she has beenteaching. Miss Hayden attended theConfederate reunion in Chattanoogalast week and also visited friends atother points in Tennessee en route toKentucky.Miss Caroline Berry, sister ofMrs. F. P. Lowry, of this city, willleave the 17th of June to spend theSummer traveling abroad. She willsail from Boston on steamship Symric, of the White Star Line, in company with Miss Mary E. Sweeney, ofI Lexington.The commencement exercises ofthe Paris High School were held lastnight at the Public School building inthe presence of one of the largest audiences that has ever been in attendance on a like occasion. The eightmembers of the class received theirdegrees following an excellent program, which was carried out in thefullest detail.The exercises opened with the invocation by Rev. J. S. Sims pastor ofthe Methodist church, which was followed by the salutatory by Earl Dickerson, his subject being, "The Studentand His Friends." Rev. W. E. Ellis,of the Christian church, made a beautiful adress to the members of the gradutaing class.Marmaduke Brown, valedictorian ofthe class delivered an oration, "TheMission of the Doctor," and Dr. F. L.Lapsley, secretary of the Board of Education, presented the diplomas.The members of the graduatingclass were Earl Dickerson, MarmadukeBrown, G. C. Thompson, Clara Chambers, Thomas Link, Clarence Harney,Nell Rummans, Finnell Galloway andOlive Taul.Tuesday afternoon the teachers andpupils of the school held a reception atthe school building and the long corridors were crowded with patrons andfriends, viewing the very creditabledisplay of hand work exhibited by theteachers to show what had been accomplished during the year, in the wayof raffia work, basketry, plain sewing,embroidery, wood-work, drawing,water colors, etc. The exhibit wasfully up to the hig standard previously attained by the pupils, and reflectedcredit upon both teachers and chilren, especially as the time given tosuch work is limited.The High School Band furnishedmusic for the occasion, which addedgreatly to the pleasure of the occasion. Wednesday evening the annualgrammar school commencement washeld in the school auditorium, beforea large and appreciatve audience. Theprogram consisted of music and anallegorical presentation, entitled. "AVision of Youth."The commencement exercises willcome to a close tonight with the annual alumni banquet and dance whichwill be given in the gymnasium of theschool building.The Right Kind of Cakes Made toEat.We have 'em cakes made to eateight different kinds. Received daily.Only ten cents each.SAUER'S GROCERY.Opp. Court House.Appointed AdministratorDr. W. V. Huffman, of Millersburg,was yesterday appointed administrator of the estate of the late J. H. Linville, by Judge Dennis Dundon. Hequalified with O. E. Hurst as surety.IFine Stationery.New shipment of Crane's fine stationery in the latest style note paper,envelopes, correspondence cards, birthannouncements, etc.6tf PARIS BOOK STORE.For Rent.Modernply to-3tflat; central location. ApJ. W. BACON.For Sale!Oldest established Grocerybusiness in Paris. New stockand best location in the city.The reason for selling, badhealth and going to travel.Fee Grocery Co.ix New"DanceRecordsIncluding:TURKEY TROT,BOSTON,TANGO,ONE-STEP,WALTZAnd three new song successes, includingTHE TRAILOF THE LONESOMEPINE,Are among the latest hits.Come in and hear them.I1For Commencement.WE HAVE THE NEWEST INWhite Materials, such as Voiles, Crepe VoilesMulls, &c, &cEmbroidered Flouncings and Banns to match.Laces in narrow, as well as the 27-inch and 45-inchwidths.White Charmense in Plain and Brocade.All the accessories to make the commencement andSummer Outfit Complete.Our Stock of Trimmings is Enormous.We Can Please You.W. Ed. Tucker.i:IiCast TJenn. 288,jetome180.DAUGHERTYSuitable Gifts for Graduation IBar PinsVanitiesLong ChainsFansRingsMesh BagsLavalliersLocketsHat PinsCoat ChainsFriendship CirclesBracelett WatchesPocket KnivesCoin CasesFobsWe Carry a Special Assortment of''Goods of Quality' in the above list inSterling Silver, GoldFilled and Solid Gold.We will receive this week another large assortment of Sterling Silver Hat ins to retail for 50c aThey have made a BIG HIT."THE HOUSE OF QUALITY."SHIRE & FITHIANtpair.rAdministrator's Notice.All persons having claims againstthe estate of J. H. Butler, deceased,are notified to present same, properlyproven as required by law, to the undersigned, on or before July 10, 1913.W. M. SHOBE,Ex'tr J. H. Butler, deceased.330 Vine street.I Martin BrosRaspberries! Raspberries!If you want raspberries and cherriescall and let us file your order whenthey get cheap.l.t C. P. COOK & CO.tParis Bank U. S. Depository.Secretary McAdoo, of the TreasuryDepartment, anounced Tuesday thenames of banks in Kentucky whichget $180,000 of a fund of 10,000,000 ofeFurniture Moving,City Transferand First-ClassLiveryOur Facilities forHeavy Hauling isGood.Our Livery is 'us good as theother fellows. Horses fedby the week or month.We would appreciate ashare of your business.Prompt attention given allorders.Both Phones 260.MARTIN BROS.,EighthSt,Paris, KentuckyWMHINTON INappanee Kitchen Cabinet,government money at z per cent m-erate Foldier and during the war serv- terest. The First National Bank ofed with an Arkansas regiment.Paris, is among the number.For Rent.Desirable front rooms with boardfor both ladies and gentlemen. ApplytoMRS. WALLINGFORD,Corner Pleasant and Duncan Ave.IWe do not claim this Cabinet to be the best in theworld, but we DO BELIEVE THAT IT IS, and WEKNOW that it is a great deal better than some makesthat are much advertised and boosted and we canshow you that they are. Seeing s believing. Gomeand see. Sfave you money. ,A swell new line of Brass Beds and Davenportsjust received. Save you money.Now is the time to buy your Wall Paper at bigreductions. Save you money. kRefrigerators Greatly Reduced. Save you money.J. T. HINTONsWoodMantels4SAVES YOU MONEYUndertakingay . l-fc I - rr. ?-irrHJUicwiv- a. -v-VJ--."- n5.j8rii , ,fms-yJ'.MVvv-$tjui532222EHt;eatSfgKJv; hwaa.-f'arzTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., JUNE 6, 49134j'. !pARLESS 14-YEAR-OLD THIEFmmmmmmmmmmmmmifmk&000BimA.M.Caden i210 W. Main St., 2. 1tiII rR 4IIMJi H' f'T tammDo the women myour city knowlwe specialize in jNimble Youth Keeps Room in HotelFacing Station House While HeRobs London Homes.London. Fourteen charges of shopbreaking and robbery,' to all of whichhe pleaded guilty, were preferred atNottingham children's court againstCharles Goodwin, a rosy-faced Leicester boy, aged fourteen, who was described by the police as "a regularCharles Peace." The boy was remanded to a special court for all thecharges to be investigated. It wasstated that Goodwin in six weeks obtained $250 in the city while living ina hotel facing the -chief police station.! Able to climb like a cat, Goodwin'smethod was to break into premisesfrom the roof, and it was while on theroof of a cafe that he was captured.At one shop he removed the slatesand bored through rafters and ceiling.1 The boy was absolutely without fear.La Fro$1.50 op.LA FROThe Perfect FrontLaced Corset?Paris Odorless Chatting Co.I Men's and Ladies' Suits Cleaned,Pressed and Repaired.ltT.srlioo Ciovo-o WhitP Suits anri Fancv Silks our specialty.J-ICiVAXO IX&V. ,, - . rjAll Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblocked to your satisfaction.We CaH For acid Oeliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25c.CONVICT IS SEEN TO SMILEHas Not Spoken in Three Years IsUnder Sentence of Death HisSanity Doubted.mmmmmmmmStockton, Cal. "Silent" Carson, theconvict, who was brought to this cityfor investigation by alienists, and whohas not been known to utter a wordduring the three years that he hasbeen under sentence of death for participation in a "prison break, is reported to have smiled -at one of the hospital attendants, and this may breakdown the obstacle that has preventedhis execution on a charge of murder.Physicians .who have had Carsonunder observation say this is the firstdisplay of any emotion on his partof which they have record, and thatconclusions heretofore accepted asproving him insane may be reviewed.Carson is being subjected to a newand original system of investigationby several physicians. -.vn j:Banker Pays Up Old Claims.Kansas City. Willard P. Holmes,president of the Security SavingsTrust company, when it failed in 1892,has settled all its debts, $63,536. After 21 years he has been able to payback what depositors lost, refusing totake shelter behind the provisions ofthe bankruptcy law. As fast as hecould earn money he turned it overfor dividends on the claims againstthe dead b ik.I I "Sl(-flilill I .If" II B-IFurnished roomHoine Phone 290withbath. Call3-(2t)r,smzsaj.Truck Replaced Three TeamsIC 1lE2!fc&WSMi-uS?&, ,OF CARPETS, RUGS, MATTINGSAND LINOLEUMS.' Now for Yoor Spring Cleaning' 9x12 Wiltina Seamless Velvet Bug, $35.C0,. ' now $25.0022.50E4.759.00jx12 Axminster Rus, S32.001 now -9x12 Seamless Brussels Rug, S20.G0,now.. -xlO Crcx Eugs, 12.00,now(III A- F. Whee!ar Furniture Oo , jiwf Main and Th!rd Sfs CKAS GREKN Mr' Parl3j Ky fZZEXXSZM3tL&In eleven months this three-ton KisselKar Truck covered in actual service4,760 miles at a fuel cost of $1.08 per day. Manned by a driver and one helper,it replaced three teams of horses. The average daily burden was 37 17.20thstons. It carried an average load of four tons one ton overload but in the entire period named, was laid up only two and one-half hours for repairs."We can recommend the KisselKar Truck and assure that it lives up to itsguarantee," writes Thomas E. Fleischer, manager of the Sheboygan Lime t Works.Two and one-half hours for repairs, carrying over 37 tons per day is a record worthyof notice. KisselKar Trucks cost little to maintain and are economical to operate becausethe problem is solved in KisselKar construction.Note these striking KisselKar features Simple engine eay to operate reserve powerexcess capacity differential lock preventing one drive wheel absorbing all the power onslippery places, and stalling the truck four speed transmitters geared up fourth speedpermitting high speed when desired without racing engine ; 15 to 20 per cent, lower fuelconsumption than average trucks light spring suspension for power plant, heavy springsuspension for load gauge that weighs load greatest accessibility easy control largerbrake drums, and extra powerful brakes special bodies designed to meet every need.JCisselJCar uruckjDEER HERD IN A STAMPEDE1 500 lbs.-1 -2-3-4 and 5 TonsIn the range of capacity, 1500 lbs. to 5 tons, you can find just the type that fills yourrequirements and with the KisselKur Truck goes the KisselKar Service, which is themanufacturer's guarantee of satisfaction.KisselKar Service means taking off your hands all of the mechanical details.A special service building is maintained in this city for the benefit of KisselKar owners.The KisselKar service is a broad and comprehensive arrangement between manufacturer andowners that cares for the car, maintains efficiency, retards depreciation and minimizes upkeep. This service is a valuable consideration in the purchase of a power wagon. Investigate it.Ask us to analyze your present horse haulage ss compared to motor haulage. The result will be interesting.Send for free book showing KisselKar Trucks in actual use in your line and many otherlines of business.The Following Lines of business Have RecentlyBought Kissel-Kar TrucksIron and Steel, Lumber, Textile, Milling, Giocery, Dry Goods, Dairy, Furniture, Fruit, Commission, Transfer, Bus, Hotel, Caterer, Brewery, Building Supplies, Contracting, Plumbing, Canning, Oil, Telephone,laiindry, Bakery, Confectionery, Ice, Coal, Farming, Hardware, Ice Cream, Creamery, Produce, Crockery, "Undertaking and to municipalities Fire, Health and Police departments. .We make them to suit theneeds of any business.O. R. HUKLE,51 3 West Main Street,Lexington,Hunter Is Supposed to Have TurnedDogs in Inclosure and StartedAnimals on Wild Career.. -r , ,at. juouis. .Boon s .L.1CK ana oinerlicks In central and eastern MissouriJ have a fair chance again to come intotheir own, unless fourteen deer whichescaped from the William Meyer farm,near Hollow, in the western part ofSt. Louis county, are recaptured. Aherd of twenty-five denizens of thewoods belonging to John Cafferata ofDelmar boulevard was stampeded bydogs and all but eleven scaled thefence.Cafferata and three of his friendshave left for Gray Summit, Franklincounty, where they hope to form somescheme of capturing some of the herdand returning them to their fold.They have been heard from in manysections, but the owner never hopesto regain all of them.He received a message from Japan,Mo., twelve miles from Cuba, on theLittle Bourbeuse river, that two ofhis pets had been seen there. Fortymiles out in Franklin county more ofthe deer were seen, and at Labadieand on toward Union, Mo., farmershave sighted some of the flock. Cafferata does not know what method hecan employ in capturing them alive ifhe can find them.The deer were shipped from afriend in Maryland recently and sentto the Meyer farm for safekeeping,after the fences had been built unusually high. Some former deer hunter,presumably, turned his hounds into jthe inclosure in order again to feelthe thrills of a real buck chase. 'One of the animals was' tangled in Ithe top wires of the fene'e as he jscaled it and thrown in such a way jthat its neck was broken. Anotherbroke a hind leg in getting over thefence, and still another was crippledso it cannot travel fast.For two or three days the deer remained together in the vast acres ofalmost primeval forests north of Allenton and Pacific, but the interfer-.ence of dogs from neighboring farmsis supposed to have scattered them.One of the crippled animals is beingheld by a farmer near Melrose, in.western St. Louis county.Pi ill 'LjiIi Alfl mSBecome aTri-State Shipper to-day for Shsppensr Cream to the Tri-State Butter Co., Cincinnati, Ohio, isProfitable Steady year around market at the highest creamery butter price for butter fat; producers -averagingfrom 75 to $100 per year per cow f romthe sale of butter fat.Safe A $75,000 corporation with an established reputation guaranteeing your shipments against lossor damage in transit.Easy You can make your shipments every three orfour days when most convenient, cream sweetor sour.Write For Free Trial Cans To-dayGive us a trial without cost to you and let our SPOT CASHPay Checks reward you.The Tri-State Butter Company,Cincinnati, Ohio.HTTQFIAMnRESCUEDECDAIDIW8WIFEAfter Four Years cf DiscouragingConditions, Mrs. Bullock GaveUp in Despair. HusbandCams to Rescue.LOST.Betwen Cynthiana and Lexington,from Oldsmobile Autocrat car. A.liberal reward will be paid for itsrecovery.R. V. BISHOP,Cynthiana, Ky.Catron, Ky. In an interesting letterfrom this place, Mrs. Bettie Bullockwrites as follows : "1 suffered for fouryears, with womanly troubles, and duringthis time, i could only sit up for a littlewhile, and could not walk anywhere atall. At times, I would have severe painsIn my left side.The doctor was called in, and his treatment relieved me for a while, but I wasscon confined to my bed again. Afterthat nothing seemed to do me any good.I had gotten so weak I could not stand,and I gave up in despair.At last, my husband got me a bottle ofCardui, the woman's tonic, and I commenced taking it. From the very first8dose, I could tell it was helping me. Ican now walk two miles without itstiring me, and am doing all my work."If you are all run down from womanlytroubles, don't give up in despair. TryCardui, the woman'stonic. It has helpedmore than a million women, in its 50years of continuous success, and shouldsurely help you, too. Your druggist hassold Cardui for years. He knows whatit will do. Ask him. He will recommend it. Begin taking Cardui today.Write to: Chattauooca Merflctee Co.. Ladtes"Advisory Dept.. Ousunooa. Te8.. ior CftcuttlInstructions On Our eae aadfrt-naw hnolr 'Huu''Treatacel for Wcseo." seat i. plain wrapper. JeJI ' m Phone 21 05. 51 3 West Main Street, Lexington, Ky.. . -" ''- .2V ..t , "-1 &v r -v ,. v- . Litl(1'V.yz&t,sv 4K f - . : . - . - . .. saaa jTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., JUNE 6 1913v - .Instant ReliefTou can Stop that awful itch fromeczema and other skin troubles in twosecondsSeems too good to be truebut it istrue, and we Touch, for it.Just a few drops of the simple, cooling wash, the D.D.D. Prescription foreczema, and the itch stops instantly."We give you enough to prove it for 50cents.Now, if you have tried a great manycures for eczema and have been disapMade in Kentucky by CHAS. C."we o DANIELWe're Now Showing Our uilLine ofSPRINGSn the CelebratedSchloss Bros. & Go.High-Class Men's Suits.They Represent the New NorfoIks,the New English Cutand the Conservative Models, all BeautifullyTailored. Prices'ranging from $3 5 to $35just xnxrOur complete line of Emerson Shoes,Hawe3 Van Gal Hats,Stetson Hats, Lion ShirtsTWIN 'BROS., CLOTHING DEPT.L Wollstein, Propri or.Special Rates & Excursions.Eucursion to Cincinnati, Ohio, I:and return iSunday, 3ime $ffy$1.50 ROUND TUP'This train leaves Paris at 7:50 a.m.t arriving Cincinnati 10:30 a.m., returning leaves Fourth St.station, Cincinnati, at 7 p. m.Tickets good on special trainMmlyLow round-trip Summer Tourist tickets to all Summer resortsin the North and Northwest onsale May 15 to Sept. 30. Finallimit date 31, 1913, with liberalstop-over privileges.For further information, callon or address.W. H. HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, T. A.W. N. Barkley Mrs. W. N. BarkleyWoman's Exchange & Cafe112 N. Upper Street,'i-exington, KentuckyHome-made Cakes, Breads, Pies, Candies, Croquetts, Salads, Pickles, ChowChow, Ftc, received fresh daily.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Supper; also lunches and short orders at allhours with the best the market affordst(2Smar6mo)per run unagbuL wo to $100,000W. KING & SON,125" Cheapside. Locingtpn, Ky."Roxie" Davis !Cle Insurance fluentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire,', Wind,Lightning :::::::::Xisjgest and Best Paving Companies.GivelOH "Nub", a Call.2 Helios 137from Eczemapointed, do not taake the mistake ofrefusing to try this soothing wash. Allother druggists keep this D.D.D. Prescriptiongo to them if you can'tcome to us but if you come to ourstore we will give you the first dollarbottle on our positive no pay guarantee,' that D.D.D. will stop the itch atonce.D.D.D. Soap keeps the pores healthy,ask us about itJuChas. E. Butler & Son, Pans, Ky.BOONE AXLE GREASEAnd don'thave to greasebut once axveeh.STQLL OIL CO. Lexington, Ky.MODEelsCandy Kitcken,119 S. Upper,LEXINGTON, KY.f You Want to Pot in WaterWorks in Your HouseOr "Barn, or Bathroom Fixtures orFurnace, or Tin, Shingles or MetalRoofing, and all kinds of Tin Work,Guttering, Pipss, Filters, Water Tanks,Dipping Tanks, Sewerage Pipe andClay Flues. Concrete Work a Special ty. Give us a call.We also handle the American 3 Ie'dWite Fencing, and the besfc line ofCook Stoves. Oil Stoves and Heaterson the market, and all kinds of Hardware, Farming Tools, Grates andMantels, Screen Doors, Poultry Supplies, Harness of all kinds, the W. J.Oliver Plow, the best Plow on themarket, Horse Clippers, Cement,Lime, Paint and Oils.We buy the very best goods obtainable, and our prices are right.BEST & HAWKINS,4mar3mo Millersburg, Ky.FOR SALEResidence Property on WalkerAvenue. Adjoining BourbonCollege. Splendid Neighborhood.gBeautiful two story frame house ofeight rooms, four halls, bath, pantrv,etc. Large corner lot, 60x212 feetGood stable and all necessary outbuildings. Some fruit.Will be sold worth the money. Possession at once. Look this over.S. E. BORLAND,11 tf Paris, Ky.typewritersRebuilt Dike new !Remington 6, $23SmithJPremier 2, $23Remington 10, $40(Latest Model)Smith Premier 10, $40(Latest Model)Monarch, $40Underwood 4, $40Underwood 5,J$45Oliver 3, $40Oliver 5, $50LC. Smith & Bro., $35We Handle Carbon Paper Ribbons forill Makes.We Repair Typewriters.We have the Largest Stock in the U. S.The Joseph Candioto Co.149;151 N. BroadwayLexington, KentuckyIS STARTLED BY ANSWERSLife Insurance Applicant Has SixGunshot Wounds Once Noted asa Train Robber.New York. A modest little manwalked into the office of an examining physician for a life insurance company and in a low, timid voice toldthe doctor-he was ready.The doctor is also'small of stature,but wears large spectacles, and sternly looked at his caller ,as if to say:"Now, "don't dodge any of these questions, young fellow. Come right outwith the truth." He did."Have you any wounds on yourbody?" asked the'M. D."Yes, sir; I have six.""What kind of wounds?""Gunshot wounds, sir," replied thetimid man, aim the doctor's eyes grewlarger. Sure enough, there they were."Ever have any stomach trouble?"asked the M. D."Only once. I think I'm over thatnow.""Where did you contract that?""In solitary confinement, sir, afterbeing shot.""Would you mind telling me yourbusiness?" asked the surprised doctor irrelevantly. "This is ratherstrange.""I'm a lawyer in Oklahoma City,"was the reply. "And have been suchfor ten years.""Just one more question," suggested the doctor, who was beginning towonder at his patient's extreme timidity. "How did you get thosewounds?""Robbing trains, sir. Is that all youwish?" And "he bowed himself out,leaving the M. D. with mouth agape.The doctor then looked at the nameon the application, and it was "AlJennings."Jennings at one time was one ofthe most "daring train hold-up men inthe world, and, upon being pardoned,became one of the best lawyers inOklahoma.GETS HOMESTEAD CLAIMSacramento Cuts Away From ItsBanks and Makes Many Acresof New Land.Hamilton City, Cal. Taking advantage of the freaks of the Sacramentoriver in making land along its course,John P. Ryan, a well-known youngcivil engineer of Hamilton City, willin a few years become possessor of160 acres of the finest land in California, as he has filed a homesteadon 160 acres at Packer island, in theriver, a short distance south of ButteCity.The Mexican government made thewest bank of the Sacramento riverthe eastern boundary of the Larkinsgrant At that time there was a channel around Packer island which filledup on the west side as the years wentby and the island became a part ofthe Larkins grant. The land on theopposite side of the river was surveyed and the island was not included. The owners of the Larkins grantclaimed the island and their right wasnot disputed.As Ryan has notified the other owners on the island, there are no morelucky acres to be obtained by homesteading. For Rent.Cottage on Pleasant street betweenEighth and Ninth strets. Call E. T.Phone 34.I Studebakercertainly last a long time""I have had this wagon twenty-two years, andduring that time it cost me only $6.00 for repairs, andthat was for setting two tires."'And after twenty-two years of daily use in goodand bad weather and over all kinds of roads, I willput this wagon against any new wagon of anothermake that you can buy today.""Studebaker wagons are built of air-dried lumberand tested iron and steel. Even the paint and varnishare subjected to a laboratory test to insure wearingqualities.""No wagon made is subjected to as many tests or is morecarefully made than a Studebaker. You can buy them of Studebaker dealers everywhere." -"Don't listen to the dealer who wants to sell you a cheapwagon, represented to be 'just as good' as a Studebaker.Farm wagons, trucks, dump wagons and carts, deliverywagons, buggies, surreys, depot wagons and harness of all kindsof the same high standard as the Studebaker vehicles.See our Deakt or write ta.STUDEBAKERNEW YORK CHICAGO DALLAS KANSAS CITY DENVERMINNEAPOLIS SALT LAKE CITY SAN FRANCISCO POSTLAND,OrDENIED RELIEF OF WEEFniuPeculiar Fact Concerning the InsaneIs That They Are PositivelyUnable to Cry.One of the most curious facts connected with madness is the utter absence of tears amid the insane. Whatever the form of madness, tears areconspicuous by their absence, as muchin the depression of melancholy, or excitement of mania, as in the utterapathy of dementia.If a patient in a lunatic asylum bediscovered in tears, it will be foundthat it is one beginning to recover, oran emotional outbreak in an epilepticwho is scarcely truly insane, whileactual insane persons appear to havelost the power of weeping; it is onlyreturning reason which can once moreunloose the fountain of their tears.Even when a lunatic is telling onein fervid language how she has beendeprived of .her children, or the outrages that have been perpetrated toherself, lier eye is never even moist.The ready gush of tears which accompanies the plaint of the sane womancontrasts strangely with the dry-eyedappeal of the talkative lunatic. Itwould, indeed, seem that tears giverelief to feelings which, when pentup, lead to madness. It is one of theprivileges of reason to be able toweep. Amid all the misery of theinsane they find no relief in tears.Believer in Eugenics.Believers in the vital importance tothe race of more careful mating ofthe sexes argue that not more than,1 per cent, of the men of any generation can be called distinguished orespecially gifted. They say that ofthis little minority of one in everyhundred at least half are the childrenof parents one or both of whom haveunquestionable eminence in some fieldor endeavor, or are otherwise lifted, above the powers and gifts of averagemen. That leaves half of the notablyendowed men of the world to springfrom the great mass of ordinary human beings. If these figures are correct it follows that the children of distinguished parents have abcut onehundred times as good a chance ofwinning fame or proving great powersas the children of the commonplacemajority.What "Canard" Means.This is the published story explain-f ing the origin of the word:"A man made a statement in thenewspapers that he owned $20 ducks.He cut up one and fed it to the remaining 19; he then cut up a second,then a third and so on, until but oneremained. It, therefore, must haveeaten the other 19."This story was so absurd that it attracted attention and was copied fromthe French papers to those of othercountries.They bore the name "canard"(duck).Mickle for Mick.Finnegan, newly come over, had juststepped off a train at the railroad station, and was confronted with a spectacle that caused him to wonder. Thesight he saw was a train, and thecars were labelled on the sides "Michigan." He looked and spelled thename so, Mich-i-gan. Finnegan repeated the name on each car until thelast."Well, he done foine," he said admiringly. "I knew Mich Egan whinhe was pushin' a cart in the ould counthry." wagonsSouth Bend, Ind.Union Meat Marketr. W. SOPER, Manager1 85 N. Limestone, Lexington, Ky.Telephone 1 852aGood Meats,"Why eat poor Meat when it injures your health and costsyou more good money than good meat? Buy the best eatte best, have the best of, health, andlthen'you. live' thebest. The best may be had by calling Union Meat Market, Phone 1852.Ift" ""SPECIAL TRAIN EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURNSunday, UNE g$1.251RoundTripSPECIAL TRAINLeaves GEORGETOWN 7:45amASK TICKET AGENT FOR PARTICULARS.F3 ,Notice! Poultry RaisersWE4-11-44CURESCholera. Canes, LimbernecK, Roup, Canker,.xissrx Diarrhoea and all Diseases of PoultryMiss Katie Bryant. Bardstown, Ky., says: "I Havs used Recipe 4-11-44 for yean asdtHaS:t tie bestpoultry remedy made. It cures gapes and Hmbexneck without fail." ,.WillCoomes, Bardstown. Ky.,says: "One drop of Recipe 4-11-44 dropped down the biHot a gajangchicken lulls the worm and relieves the chick instantly. Itis the best preventive 1 have ever used.Mfg. and Guaranteed fay J. Robt, Crume, Bardslovn, Ky. Price 50c at all Droits.SOLO EVYChas. E. Butler & Co.WoodlandHeadquartersDark Bay Horse, Weight 1,7000.Sired by Imported Gitter 5S803Dam by Imparted Queen 41490$15.00 To InsureBUSTER B. is a coming three yearold and a young stallion of markedsize and condition. He is the kindthat will appeal to your fancy andyou will make no mistake in breedingto him.The; Above Horses vVill Make The Season Jof 191 3. AtWoodland Stock Farm.About 7 miles north of Paris on the Cynthiana pikh. Money due when colbis foaled, mare transferred or brec to other stock without my consent. Lienretained on all colts until shason money is paid. Care taken to prevent accidents but no responsibility assumed should any occur.STERLING HINKSON,! Lair, Ky.The SanitaryShop!With all J:he latest devicesinstalled in my shop to makeit absolutely sanitary andclean, including a PatentTowel Sterlizer, IndividualCups, Soap, etc., believe wehave the most modern shopin Paris. We have just installed a new Porcelain Tuband an up-to-date Bathroom.Hot water at all times. ThreeBarbers, all experts. Wewould like to have yourtrade. I take this method ofsoliciting it. Is there a reason why we should not receive it? Respectfully,Russ Corbin.Flagged Train With Shirt.Tearing his shirt from his back anOhio man flagged a train and savedit from a wreck, but H. T. Alston, Raleigh, N. C, once prevented a wreckwith Electric Biters. "I was in a terrible plight when I began to use themand my stomach, head, back and kidneys," he writes, "were all badly affected and my liver was in bad condition but four bottles Electric Bittersmade me feel like a new man." Atrial will convince you of its matchlessmerit -for the stomach, liver or' kidney trouble Price 50 cents at Oberj"Right Prices"RoundTrip1I1.25rSfcStock FarmFor Draft .HorsesBURLEYBlack Tercheron. Weight 1760$15.00po InsureBURLEY is a splendid specimen ofthe draft horse and his get have proved to be of the very best. There is asteadily growing demand for the classof horses produced by Burley, bothupon the farm and in the cities. Theycan stand more work than the aveagehorse. He is 7 years old, a beautifulblack, well formed and of the classthat catches the eye. In selecting ahorse to breed to pick one whose produce commands the best price.down the throat of a "eapey"chicken destroys the wormsand saves the chick's life. A.few drops In the drinking: waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPESwhite diarrhoea, roup, choleraand other chick diseases.One 50c Bottle ofBourbonPoultryCureMakes 12 Gallons of Medlciae.Every poultry raiser should keep a bottle ofthis medicine on hand. Write for free sampleand Booklet on "Diseases of Fowls." Address.BOURBON REMEDY COMPANY, ItrilgtM, Ky.gFor Sale by W. T. Brooks. .NEW BARBER SHOP IWindsor Hotel.Modern Equipment,Polite Service.'VEverything Sanitary. 4 "Children's work a Specialty. .fikB9s&wiLCARL CRAWFORD'Midorier s.?m.mJXtt .OCJB5- L7"r.n?aafcS A-steiiSsTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KY;, JUNE 6. 1913ii thEWS OF MILLERSBURGThe commencement exercises of"the M. Zr. I. were continued Monday- morning at 9 o'clock by the competitive drill on the college campus. Thecadets were greeted by the largest-crowd in the history of the institution.The "work was well done and was a de'cided improvement over that of theipast few years.The medal in the manual of armswas won by Cadet John Letton, of3Iillersburgf who was also one of thegraduates, and has accepted a positions clerk in the post offiec to succeed.Miss Nancy Whaley, entering uponJiis duties June 15. Company B. carries the flag again next year, makingtwo consecutive years that it hasshtftel this honor. The judges wereMMs Miller, of Lexington, Canfll, ot Georgetown, and Kemper, ofMillersburg;Monday evening a minstrel performance was given by the old cadets. Thecast was made up of about fourteencharacters, all of whom were good.It "was a remarkable entertainment,in--asmuch as tne cast reside in various.places and states and had never givena full rehearsal. Many of them did.not arrive until Monday.The commencement exercises tookplace Tuesday at 10 o'clock, at thedrill hall. A large audience was in attendance, quite an additional numberof old cadets having arrived for theday. At the appointed time the classof 1913, headed by Col. C. M. Best, tooktheir places on the stage. The address to the class was delivered by Dr.Gilbert, of Cincinnati, his subject being "Good Citizenship." An excellentmusical program was rendered. Atthe close of this part of the program,-Col. Best awarded the diploma s and,Tead the honor roll. Cadet Brewer, ofHarrodsburg was first for honors, andcadet Huffman, of Millersburg, wassecond.Immediately after the program of oldadets was opened, with ex-cadet J.P. Redmon, president, and F. J. Savage, of Paris, sceretary, of the alumni,present. Short addresses were delivered by Judge Dennis Dundon, ofParis, Rev. J. D. Redd, of Millersburg,:and Cecil Cantrill, of Georgetown,.nine members a reces of an hour wasy Mr. Ora B. Hurst, of Millersburg,which was exceedingly good.and carTied one back to that time of uncertainty between the old K. W. C. andM. M. I., a time when education foryoung men in Millersburg seemed tohang in the balances. The responsewas to have been delivered by GrahamB. Smedley, Assistant Attorney-Generalof Texas, but owing to his absence his paper was read by Dr. I. B.Best, of Cynthiana.At the close of the exercises a bounnciful basket dinner was served on the.grounds to about 500 people. Themost eventful feature of the commencement exercises to the societyTpeople of the town and communitywas the cotillion Tuesday evening. Itwas the first entertainment of thekind ever given in Millersburg, andIhas been looked forward to some"weeks with much pleasure. The spacious drill hall was appropriately decorated in military style, the gowns ofthe ladies were handsome and exquisite, many of them created for this, special occasion. The music " was fur-nished by Saxton & Trost, of Lexington. Tne eany part ot tne eveningwas spent in program dances. AfterMrs. W. G. Dailey was taken to St.taken, at which time everybody repaired to the spacious dining hall inthe main building, which was beautifuly decorated in cut flowers.About midnight the cotillion wasopened. The grand march was beautiful. The favors were bonnets forthe ladies and chauffeur's caps for thegentlemen. There were about fourteen figures and a favor was givenwith eash figure. It was unquestionably the most elaborate event of itskind ever given here.The following is a partial list of thecommencement visitors: Miss Martha Dudley, of Carlisle, with Mrs. Letton Yimont; Miss Matilda James, ofParis, with Mrs. J. P. Redmon; MissElizabeth Liter, of Paris, with Mrs.A. T. Maffett; Miss Elizabeth Brown,of Sharpsburg, with the Misses Clark;Mr. William Peed, of Lexington, withMr. J. J. Peed and family; Mrs. AliceBeal and Mr. Reuben Hutchcraft, ofParis, Mrs. Clifton Dalzell, Miss NettieDalzell, Master Edward Dalzell, Shirley Dalzell and Elgin Dalzell, Misses.Mary Belle Wyatt, Frankie, Florenceand Olne Hopkins, of North Middle,town, with Mrs. Minnie C. Hurst; Mrs.Ryland, of Georgetown, with Mrs.Frankie Cook; Mr. and Mrs. JamesHam, of Carlisle, with Mr. and Mrs.J. H. Stewart; Mrs. A. F. Wheeler anddaughter, D. J. Hutchings, Lexington;Miss Don Shivel, Pleasureville, at thoTaylor House.Mrs. W. G. Dailey was taken to St.Joseph's Hospital, Lexington, Wednesday, for treatment.Miss Olive Fisher arrived fromRandolph-Macon College, for the summer. Mr. and Mrs. S, R. Allen arrivedWednesday as guests of his brother,Mr. G. S. Allen.Mrs. C. B. Bastln, of Lancaster, isthe guests of her parents, Mr. andMrs. Clemons Insko.Col. Wm. Layson and Mrs. AshbyLeer left yesterday for a two-weekssojourn at French Lick, Ind.Miss Mamie D. Long left Wednesday for New York. She will sail Saturday for a three-months' tour otEurope.Elder C. O. Sossaboom, returnedWednesday, where he had been at thebedside of his borther, who has beenquite ill.Services Sunday morning andevening at the Christian, Methodis,Baptist and Presbyteran churches, bythe pastors.Mr. W. S. Judy left Wednesday fora meetng of the Tobacco Manufacturers and Dealers Association atRichmond, Va.A pony belonging to Miss Josephine Leer ran away Wednesday after- juuuu wueu il uecame ingmeneu, anastriking a post on the campus of theM. M. I. and demolished the vehicle.McCormick binders and mowers,Brinly cultivators, Rastus 3-tooth culti- ivators. Look your old machines overand place your order for repairs.THE MILLERSBURG COAL & LUMBER CO.At a meeting of the stockholdersof the Millersburg Loose Leaf TobaccoWarehouse will be held Saturday afternoon, June 7, for permanent organization. Every stockholder is urged to be present. Meeting -will be heldat opera house at 3 o'clock.Mr. Clifton Mann, aged 71, diedWednesday, at 5 a. m., after a protracted illnes of cancer of the bladder.Mr. Mann was a carpenter by tradeand worked at this occupation untillast fall. Since then lie has been on asteady decline. He was the son of thelate Mr. and Mrs. Emanuel Mann,and was born near Blue Licks, in Nicholas county. His parents moved toMillersburg with a family of fourchildren, when Mr. Mann was quiteyoung, all of whom have preceded himto the grave. He was a brother of thelate Judge Russell Mann, of Paris, Mr.Garrett Mann, and one sister, MissMary Mann, of Millersburg. The funeral took place Thursday at 3 p. m.,at his late residence, Rev. J. D. Redd,pastor of the Methodist church.ofiiciating. Interment in the Millersburgcemetery.WORN OUT, TIRED, NERVOUS ANDDEPRESSED.Tona Vita Builds Up Mind and BodyIn a Few Weeks.Are yon tired all the time? Are youweak, riervous and depressed? Isyour ambition gone and your mindbull? Go straight to your druggist andget a bottle of Tona Vita, the NationalTonic. Physicians are recommendingit everywhere. It is building up rundown people by the thousands in allparts of the country.After you have taken Tona Vita oneweek, weigh yourself, then you willknow why it is recognized as the besttonic and flesh builder ever sold to thepublic.You can get Tona Vita at Chas. E.Butler & Co.'s drjjg store.DISTRICT CONFERENCEWill Be Held at Millersburg Begining Monday Evening.The annual Frankfort District Conference will convene at Millersburg,commencing Monday evening at 7:30o'clock, and continuing throughThursday. The conference consists o'fthe Sunday School Institute and Epworth League District Conference ofthe Methodist Church, South.The Paris Methodist Church electedthe following delegates to representthis church: Dennis V. Snapp, to represent the Sunday School, Miss Minnie Shy, to represent the EpworthLeague and Messrs. H. A. Power, N.H. Bradley and Prof. Geo. W. Chapman to represent the" church.The following is the program of themeeting in full:r . PROGRAM.The chicken business does not fail.It is the individual who fails. Teachers fail in the teaching business;preachers fail in the preaching business; lawyers fail at law, and doctorsat medicine. Poultry raisers too fail.But the poultry business keeps on forever, and forever will. It offers bigpremiums to patience, industry, study.Garden Hose.We have a big stock of garden hoseand all kinds of nozzles. Telephoneus your order; all sizes and prices.JOHN J. CONNELLY,16-9t The Plumber.VwrilarrJ,.i ii 'i iIF YOUR CHILDRENARE DELICATE OR FRAILunder-size or under -weightremember Scott's Emulsionis nature's grandest growingfood; it strengthens their bones,makes healthy blood and promotes sturdy growth.Scott & Bowne, Bloomfield. N. JPreparatory Sunday School Institute Service, June 9, 7:30 p. m.June 10 -Sunday School conferenceand Institute.Program to be furnished by Bro.Geo. D. Prentiss, for Sunday SchoolBoard.Miss Dance and Brothers Joplin,Vaughn and Boswell expected.JUNE 11 EPWORTH LEAGUE.8. a. m. Devotional. R. A. Selby.8:15 a. m. Organization.8:45 a . m. ReDorts of EnwnrfhLeagues.9:30 a. m. Discussion and comparing notes, led by Miss HurstJDistrict Secretary.10:30 a. m. Representatives of ourcolleges and schools.11:15 League Sermon. J. W.Crates.2 p. m. Devotional, W. Q. VreeIand. 2. 15p. m. Tithing. W. M. Britt!3:30 Baptism of the Holy Spirit,A. P. Jones. a3 p. m. Lady Missionary Movement. Led by H. A Power, DistrictLeader.music during the afternoon.7:30p. m. Devotional.Three Gospel Messages.7:45 p. m. Leadership. J. S. Sims.8:05 Culture. H. G. Turner.8:25 p. m. Power. A. Redd.Thursday June 12.8 a. m. Devotional. C. C. Fisher.8:15 a. m. Collections in full. J.H. Williams.8:35 a. m. Consecration. J. R. Nelson. 8:45 Tact. J. D. Redd.9:05 Full Service. Wm.Wood.9:20 Agressiveness. J. A. McClintock. 9:45 Doctrinal Distinctiveness.W. A. Penn.9:50 Need of Prayer that laborersbe raised up both for our home andforeign Fie Ids. S. A. Arnold.10:45 Our Church Papers. WSwift.10:35 Love Feast. Led by J.Dickey.11:00 Sermon.T. F. Talioferro.Sacrament.7:30p. m. Service of Music andSong.Woman's Service in the church.Epworth League Missions. Mrs.W. M. Britt.Sunday School and Reform- Movements. Mrs. J. J. Dickey.E. L. Southgate, P. E.A.J.ROYALBAKINGPOWDERAbsolutely PuroEconomizes Butter, Flour,Eggs; makes the food moreappetizing and wholesomeThe only Baking Powder madefrom Royal Grape Cream of TartarGraves of Confederates Decorated.In commemoration of the birth ofJefferson Davis, President of theSouthern Confederacy, and in memoryof the dead who wore the gray, nowsleeping beneath the sod of the placeof their nativity, appropriate exercises attended the decoration of thethe graves in the Paris cemetery onTuesday afternoon.A large number attended the exercises, which were held under the auspices of the Richard Hawes Chapter United Daughters of the Confederacy. Grouped around the Confederatemonument, which marks the last resting place of the gallant men whofought for the Southland, the assemblage paid solmn reverence to the departed and the graves were strewnwith the most beautiful flowers.The address of the occasion was delivered by Rev. E. M. Lightfoot, pastorof he Paris Baptist Church, a Southerner by birth, who spoke of theSouthland, and paid a glowing tributeto the brave sons and loyal daughters.Crosses of honor were bestowedupon Mrs. Theresa Hibler and Mr.William Goodloe, of this city, by Mrs.Amos Turney, president of the U. D.C, aittji Uuam? the rules governingtheir bertowal.interesting exercises were held bythe Hamilton Guards, whose sweet,childish voices hang, "My Old Kentucky Home" and "Dixie."A sketch of Jefferson Davis wasread by Louise Connell, little ElizabethStuart Carter sang "A Southern Girl,"and recitations were made by AnneThomas and Josephine Hedges Ewalt,the attractive daughters of Mr. andMrs. Joseph Ewalt.June Term of Court Convenes MondayThe June term of the Bourbon Circuit Court .will convene Monday -withJudge Robert L. Stout presiding. Thedocket for the present term will bemade up as follows: Equity appearancecases, 20; old ordinary cases, 19.old equity, 265; old ordinary, 57. TheCommonwealth docket comprises 49cases. In eighteen of the cases thodefendants were reported not found.ANNOUNCEMENTS.We are authorized to announce R. O.Turner as a candidate for Magistratefrom the Ruddles Mills district, subject to the action of the DemocraticPrimary, August 2, 1913.Mr. Auto Owner,Quit PayingGarage Bills -i HBIW WPfc 1 fc J WBTUilA.""! fc awwa . m illiaiM ill ,mvGiven Life Sentence.A life sentence was the verdict ofthe jury in the case of the Commonwealth against Sam Johnson, colored,in the Harrison Circuit Court Tuesday.The jury deliberated only an hourbefore determining on the verdict.Johnson killed Stewart in Cynthianaon March 25.Awaits You When You Come toOur Store For SummerFOOTWEARWe Are Showing so Many Smart, NewWill Open Cooking School.Miss Jennie Howard, of this city,will begin a cooking class June 10.at the home of her sister, Mrs. TaylorChandler, which is designed especiallyfor the beneficiaries of the HamiltonFund, who are obliged to take a courseof instruction in housekeeping, thisbeing a special codition of the willof the late Col. John Hamilton, wholeft ah andsome fund for the educationof the worthy Bourbon county girls.An artistic structure for private use. Gives protectionfrom IJiieves or joy riders.The side walls and roof ofheavily galvanized sheetsteel.Comes ready to set up. Allparts cut and fitted. Absolutely rust-proof. Saves $20ro $30 monthly in garage.Prompt, safe delivery andsatisfaction guaranteed.American Sectional Garage Go215-210 Stevens Building,DETROIT, MICH.A. J. FEE, Agent,Paris, Ky.mr 3 k 1 rt JL- a-m Tt 1 . 1 1 I TT v T-Lu.uu.cjL a,b ouuii xteniarKaDly JjOW (irrices 1IBI that We Can Fit and Please Every One." CeMNHNMHNimnmHMmHHHimMHMHMHIMmMNNMMIIIMUMMiiMHHiUHu....This week we place on sale some extraordinary values in Men's, Women's and Children's Summer Shoes, which we had the good fortune tobuy for cash at almost half the original value'.WMWmDwMa immvriMSM&wImIF HE HAD ONLY PUThis money in theBank he wouldHAVE i IT NOW&lLLAUuKcfeAAAV WVILVA. UJVUMen's $3.50 to $4.00 valves Shoesand Oxfords, in Tan, GunMetal and Pat- AQent Special i2i 7Men's Comfortable Elk OutingShoes, in Tan, Greenand Black. "fl (fSpecial 9 I 7$2 value. SpecialMisses and Children's WhiteCanvas Button Shoes. CfcClSpecial WInfant's Patent two- kOkstrap Pumps. Special "frCBoy Scout Shoes. PHJ JMiHLH-Ladies' high-grade Pumps andOxfords, all leathers.Special C9 Jk Avalue 94149Ladies' stylish Shoes andj Oxfords, in Patent, Gun Metal andSatin Pumps.Special.42ZJJgggl 5S?Start Now;S1.49What do you wish to be? You can be a success at lotsof things or you can be a success at one of lots of things, butyou only need to be a financial failure to be a complete failure. ''Money makes the mare go." If you have money inthe bank you are not a failure, provided you put it there.Nothing succeeds like success. Nothing fails.Make OUR bank YOUR bankWs pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.iti-"3D-A-3ST c"H" T5 TVTJL