4tVlOURBON NEWS.'PUBLISHED EVFBY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN" THE YEARVOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, AUGUST 15, 1913.AUTO WRECKED; 4 KILLEDJos. B. Borders, Wife, Child andCompanion Burned to Deathat Columbus, Ohib.C"1"WE KNOW HOW"&h& "WELL KNOWN IN PARIS.FkTHEM'rM"hr ,Jr"- .Leorlive nt111IIIBiing Us YourWatch WorkWe are MificientWe are PromptTry us. ; -' -Ihe Canning oeasonis Now OnBefore buying your Ca,ns, Jars,Sealing Wax, etc., see us. Wecary a full line and will save yousome money.4 ,Stone's Wrapped CakesReceived Fresh EveryDay. .Had Returned From KentuckyTrip and Visit Here TragicColumbus Story.yT. G. LENIHAHm iasn Varoceiy.3! czm RIQPI AV'of m;;.- AieINccKWcar,fiS - mM nircs 'B HATQ. ROYS' NORFOLK SUITS, ffisHlv GSlLr Hate ;nr nd S1 .OO SfSllg'USv .qj.w cwtt m BU,, -vv ,3iM 2.50 Straw Hats 1.25 p;i p.wwm.. - - . -r wmim& 4.00 Straw hats 2.00 pWK : ' 1H m3?m immat r i.4is iwwut ami fim niirv ivlll :?iil and Furnishers mistm . .... .....S21ffiMff'ftfwifiThe sad story of the untimely deathof Mr. and Mrs. Joseph B. Bordersand heir little daughter, Isabel, whichoccurred in an automobile accident atColumbus, 0., Tuesday night, was received with genuine sorrow by theirmany friends in this city and throughout Central Kentucky. The particulars of the unfortunate affair are givenbelow in a news story sent out from'Columbus Tuesday night.Mr. and Mrs. Borders, accompaniedby their daughter, were visitors in thiscity last week, and while here werethe guests of Mr. and Mrs. SwftChamp. Mr. Borders was at the headof the National Circulation Bureau, atColumbus, and during the past severalyears had made quite a success inbusiness.For the past four or five years ithas been his custom to .make an annual pilgrimage to the Blue Grass section of Kentucky, usually coming inhis automobile and spending severalweeks with friends in the Centralpart of the State. On this occasionthey spent several days with Mr. andMrs. Champ and the party made anautomobile trip to Bardstown, visitingseveral cities enroute. On this tripthe lives of the party were endangeredwheif a short distance from Versaillesa brake rod on the machine broke asthey were descending a steep hill.About six years ago Mr. Borderswas engaged ii special newspaperwork in the Blue Grass and was engaged in this city for about twomonths, during that time he imademany friends here who are deeplygrieved over the unfortunate accidentwhich caused the death of the entirefamily, the little daughter having expired a few hours after being takento a hospital, suffering with numerous burns and internal injuries.A short time before Mr. Borderstook his departure from this city hewas asked by a friend when he intended to returnto Kentucky. He seemedto have a premonition that somethingtragic was about to occur and remarked that this was p'erhaps his lasttrip. He seemed depressed when hemade this statement although hevouchsafed no explanation.Upon receipt of the news of the tragedy, Mrs. Swift Champ immediatelygot in communication with friends ofthe family in Columbus and learnedof the death of the little daughter.The bodies will be taken to Mt. Vernon, Ohio, today where they will beinterred side by side.COLUMBUS STORY.The news story from Columbus giving a detailed account of the tragedyis as follows:"Pinned under their automobile,which had backed through the EastBroad-stree bridge on the banks ofAlum Creek, at the eastern edge ofthe city three pesons met a horribledeath to-night."They were burned to a crisp ingasoline flames, which were only extinguished by the City Fire Department after the fire had practicallyburned itself out aid consumed theautomobile."J. B. Borders, 37 years old, of 237East Broad street, head of the National Circulation Company, with officeshere."Mrs. J. B. Borders, his wife, 32."Abram Paul, 26, of 237 East Broadstreet."Isabel Borders, 6 years old, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Borders,probably fatally injured.. She is atGrant Hospital, in this city. She isterribly burned and has suffered internal injuries."Carelessness is believed to Iiavebeen responsible for the loss of lifeafter the accident. The machine hadbacked through the bridge and waslying about four feet from the water'sedge, with three of the occupantsDinned under the car. Persons inpassing automobiles and other vehicles on the thoroughfare came running, and one struck a match to seewhat had happened."Instantly the machine took fire. Infalling 12 feet from the bridge thegasoline tank burst, spreading thefluid over the machine and occupants.The blaze swept over the three victims, whose shrieks as they burnedmade the scene hideous. Powerless toaid them, onlookers stood on the banksand bridge."The fire department was called,but water would not quench theflames, which only died down whenthey had burned themselves out.Extraordinary was the rescue of Isabel Borders, who, physicians at thehospital say, has just 'a chance to pullthrough. She was thrown clear of themachine when it went through thebridge, but her body was cdvered withgasoline, which took fire when the machine ignited."A bystander threw her into AlumCreek to save her, but the flamescontinued unchecked. At this pointD. S. McMasters, a Deputy Sherifffrom Steubenville, and "Warren Hill, acompaninon, seized the child and withtheir coats smothered the flames."The accident was a most unusualone. The four had' been riding forsome time and had headded their ma-r ' Continued on Page 4,)-Our Entire Line ofStraw Hatsare now on sale atHALF PRICEMitchell & Blakemore,IOutfitters to MenKflMltOLWBBHLB!IlllllllllIIIIJnLniIiJ!imilI!ill!llllllI!lllIIIIl!ll-:(HIIlUliinlHl!II!III!IIUMtllU!IHIHIIIimilIIINnsdFRS EANK&COThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.y.EXTRA SPECIALREDUCTIONSON ALL&3SiREADYTOWEARGARMENTSXFor Summer Wear"NBIlllffllMnMlllLH'FRANK A CO :.aa mm mj m mw mm 4kHHiirjffliiimiiiiHijarrcttMi A&C-Paris, Kentuckyis fS1$& wsmmmmmmmxmmmwmmmIPXX'.'3piiftJpjUjpiJgBSEtnmiMHMTHE BOURBON NEWS, ' PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 15 1913.1 pf8$88- W?& S3rfciwlSi.CHSSfifr&Sw&3-$:BourbonDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.j2pKBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.rI EverybodyI The Blue Grass FairSix Big Days and Nightso m m n c: n sMonday, Aug. 1 1America's Greatest Horse Show.6 Big Horse Stakes. Running and Harness RacesDaily. $20,000 in Premiums. Splendid Display of Every Class of Live Stock.Liberates Concert ISanti and CrandOpera Company.High Class Vaudeville Every Turn aHeadliner.Free Acts Daily.Everybody from everywhereHike to the Blue Grass Fair. 'You may see all the rest,But come to Lexington to get the best.Reduced Rates on All Roads.For Catalog or further Information, addressJOHN W.BKentucky Fair Dates.The following are the dates fixedfor holding the Kentucky fairs in 1913as far as reported:Uniontowrr, Aug. 5 5 days.Taylorsville, Aug. 5 i days.Tri-County Fair (Carroll, Gallatin,-Owen), Saunders, Aug. 6 days.Danville, Aug. 6 3 days.Blue Grass Fair, Lexington, Aug. 116 days.Mt Vernon, Aug. 6 3 days.Winchester, Aug. 6 i days.Berea, Aug. 7 3 days.Fern Creek (Buechel), Aug. 12 idays.Ieitchfield, Aug. 123 days.Henderson, Aug. 12 5 days.Brodhead, Aug. 133 days.Perryville, Aug. 13 3 days.Vanceburg, Aug. 134 days.PARIS, AUG. 195 days.Hardinshurg, Aug. 19 3 days.Lawrenceburg, Aug. 19 & days.Shepherdsville, Aug. 19 i days.Erlanger, Aug. 20 1 days.Stanford, Aug. 20 3 days.Ewing, Aug. 21 3 days.Eminence, Aug. 21 3 days.Eilzabethtown, Aug. 26 3 daysJShelbyville, Aug. 26 days.London, Aug. 26 4 days.Nicholasville, Aug. 26 3 days.Florence, Aug. 27 4 days.Germantown, Aug. 27 days.Alexandria, Sept. 2 5 days.Fulton, Sept1 2 5 days.Frankfort, Sept. 2 days.Somerset, Sept. 2 dqys.Bardstown, Sept. 3 days.Barboursville, Sept 33 days.Tompkinsvlho. Sept. 34 days.Franklin. Sep. 3 days.HodgenvhU. eDi. 9 3 day&Monticello S5pf. 9 days.Morfca&town, epL U 3 days.nLaundry&West 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in "oingupthe finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes bBck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatee,ASft1is Going toBAIN. Secretary,sis 2jLexington, KyIs Easy to Have, NaturalColored and BeautifulSo many women have grey or fadedhair; neglect it until it becomes thin,dry and lifeless, begins to fall out andmakes them appear much older thanthey really are. If your hair is inthis condition get a bottle of Hay'sHair Health today. Don't wait untilsome one says how much older youlook. You'll be delighted at theresults from even one or two applications. The grey hairs gradually disappear and your hair will become fullof life and vitality. No one can tellthat you are using it. It's not a dyebut a nice, clean preparation thatquickly and effectively keeps your greyhair dark, glossy and natural coloredand that all druggists guarantee satisfactory or refund your money. Always ask for Hay's Hair Health. Itnever fails.Free: 'Sign this adv. and take it to thefollowing druggists and get a 50c. bottle of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.cake of Harfina Soap, for 50c; or $1.00bottle of Hay's Hair Health and two25c. cakes of Harfina Soap Free, for $1.L. OBERDORFER, Druggist,Paris, Ky.FASCINATING HIFOR WOMENBOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at PostofHo t Paris, Ky.,as mail mattei f l t- - jcond classEstablished 18b- -30 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .$2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Pavable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right o publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space a newspaper's stock intrad cou c of revenue.DOING THEIR DUTY.Scores of Paris Readers Are Learning the Duty of the Kidneys.To filter the blood isthe kidneys'duty. vWheu they fail to do this the kidneys are weakk.Backache and other kidney ills mayfollow.Help the kidneys do their work.Use Doan's Kidney Pills-the testedkidney remedy.Proof of their ""worth in he following: A. S. Moore, contractor for concretework, 34 N. First Ave., Winchester,Ky., says: "I had pain through myback and after I stooped it was hardfor me to straighten. Doan's KidneyPills made me strong and well."The above is not an isolated case.Mr. Moore is only one of the many inthis vicinity who have gratefullyen-1dorsed Doan's. If your back achesif your kidneys bother you, don't simply ask for a kidney remedy ask distinctly for Doan's Kidney Pills, thesame that Mr. Moore had. 50c. allstores. Foster-Milburn Co., Props.,Buffalo, New York.Among the curiosities of the NewPalace, Potsdam, Germany, is a genealogical tree, showing the name ofKing David engrossed at the root ofit, with that of the Kaiser at the top,the descent being raced through hismother's family.WORN-OUT, NERVOUS,TIRED AND DEPRESSED.Tona Vita Builds Up Mind andIn a Few Weeks.BodyAre you tired all the time? Areyou weak, nervous and depressed?Is your ambition gone and your minddull?Do you know what to do? Gostraight to your druggist and get abottle of Tona Vita, the National tonic. Physicians are recommending iteverywhere. It is building up rundown people by the thousands in allparts of the country.After you have taken Tona Vita oneweek, weigh yourself, then you willknow why it is recognized as the besttonic and flesh-builde evrer sold toYou can get Tona Vita at Chas. E.Butler & Co.'s drug store.A concrete motion pictue theatrerecently built in England is eightyfeet long by forty-five wide and eighteen high, yet the Avails are noly twoinches thick.HAMILTONWANTSTO BE THE SPEAKER.Representative Elwood Hamilton, ofFranklin, nominated Saturday to succeed himself, said he would announcehis candidacy for Speaker of theHouse upon his return from Baltimore,Where he "went Monday to representthe local lodge of Eagles at the GrandAerie.Charles Williams, of New York, hasjust worked twenty-four years on onejob without taking a day ff.REMARKABLE CUREOF DYSENTERY."I was attacked with dysenteryabout July 15, and used the doctors'medicine and other remedies with norelief, only getting worse all the time.I was unable to do anything and myweight dropped from 145 to 125pounds. I suffered for about twomonths when I was advised to -useChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy. I used two bottlesof it and it gave me permanent relief,"writes B. W. Hill, of Snow Hill, N. CFor sale by all dealers.(August)The greatest ocean depth yet measured, a point forty miles north of thePhilippine Island of Mindanoa, is 32,-088 feet deep.New York's populationyearly by 140,000.increasesCOSTLY TREATMENT."I was troubled with constipationand indigestion and spent hundredsof dollars for medicine and treatment," writes C. H. Hines, of Whitlow,Ark. "I went to a St. Louis hospital,also to a hospital in New Orleans, butno cure was effected. On returninghome I began using Chamberlain'sTablets, and worked right along. Iused them for come time and am nowall right." Sold by all dealers.(August) . . 1 . j'ULTfHEOATS AND BARLEY STUBBLELand Should Be Plowed In August toAllow Sufficient Time for theWeeds to RotIf the oats and barley land Is to bedrilled to grain in the fall, it should beplowed in August to give time for theweeds to rot and the ground to settle,says a writer in the Baltimore American. If the ground is dry and so hardas to make it impossible to plow, putthree horses in the sulky cultivator. Abetter Implement is the steel cutawaydisk. Set the teeth to run deep andcut the ground' over. By harrowingthe field lengthwise and then across,most of the weeds can be turned underand the hard surface broken up, making it much easier to plow as soon asthe August rains set in. The stubbleand weeds should be plowed under andnot burnt, as these, when rotted, addto the fertility of the soil and tend tomake it capable of holding more moisture. Long stalk or strawy manureshould either be spread evenly overthe field and plowed under or used asa top dressing after the grain isdrilled in. If the manure is rotted andfine, spread it on top of the plowedground and harrow it in as soon asspread. The quickest and most economical method is to use a spreader,as it can then be spread evenly andjust the right quantity to the acre.One of the great advantages in the useof the spreader is in cutting up thelumps and strawy portions as it is being spread. Two men with a two-horsespreader will haul and spread moremanure than four men will spreadfrom wagon or cart. The manureshould not be put out in little piles, butspread direct from the wagon and harrowed into the top soil before it dries.There is then no loss of fertility.DAMAGE BY ALFALFA WEEVILLarvae From Eggs Laid in Stems ofPlants Work Much Injury byFeeding Upon the Buds.Although in the middle west noalfalfa harming insect has yet causedwidespread damage, Utah farmershave a serious pest to contend withknown as the alfalfa weevil. It, madeits first appearance in 1907, comingfrom Europe. The adult weevil is ahard shelled beetle, about 3-16 inchlong, brown in color with a darkerAdult Male of the "Alfalfa Weevil,Greatly Enlarged.stripe down the back. It lives overwinter in sheltered places much thesame as chinch bugs and in the earlyspring lays its eggs in the alfalfastems. The larvae from these eggsdo the damage by feeding upon thebuds for a period of about six weeksif unmolested.Control methods recommended bythe Utah station include keeping thealfalfa growing rapidly in the springby disking or spring toothing, removing the first ciop as soon as seriousinjury occurs, followed with thoroughspring tooth and brush dragging, androtation of alfalfa every four or fiveyears. As with chinch bugs it is advisible to keep out of the way placesclean of sheltering grass and refuseand securing the co operation of wholecommunities in fighting the pest.Horses for Deep Plowing.Deep plowing is essential to goodfarming to increase fertility and moisture for better crops. Heavy drafthorses, says the Live Stock Journal,are the first essential for deep plowing and big loads. Deep and shallowplowing has had a long time controversy and the deep plowing haswon the victory for better farmingby the scientific experts at the agricultural colleges, and farmers who havegood draft-horse teams plow deep,and the farmers with light scrubteams must still skim along and putup with light crops until they can getthe heavy draft teams that can pulla big 16-inch plow down to the beamthat will produce big crops.A Stitch in Time.Don't forget to fix the fences. Atrip around the pasture and fieldfences riow and then will often savetrouble, strength, and the tiine of having to drive the cattle back into thepasture. Animals are almost humanwhen it comes to going where someone does not want them. Remove thesuggestion, therefore, by not allowingany sags in the wire or any loose ordecayed posts in the line. A wellkept fence is an indication of a goodfarmer. C. P. Bull, Associate in FarmCrops, University Farm, St. Paul.Feeding Effects Wool.Proper and intelligent feeding addsto the quality of every kind of livestock or product the feeder may haveto put on the market. Even the woolthat comes from the back of the sheepis good, bad or indifferent, accordingto the manner In which it has beenfed.Keeping Grain Land Busy..The waste land lying idle- after thewheat, rye, oats, potatoes and cornare harveted is craving for something to produce. A good seeding ofwinter vetch, crimson or rap will improve the soil and give early, pas' V 1 fTHf J-KTWicTspeiaErfeeft collects the favrlsE&IeJLJitC? JL'JLjy germs vtl disease spreads them over7T,'!V'- JTV T,7r - fc,N!fl -A SELtC? AYffiftJ2WiJME ARE c7! exposed to Euch dangers- -our only arnior is good redblood! T rt your sDimch beand your lungs f':ll of good pure a!r and yoa d in't sarrerdcr to any of the diseasebearing germ3. The best known tonic and alterative, trat corrects a torpid livqr,and helps digestion so that good blood is manufactured and tlic system nourished, 13pace's (GMea Medieal HfscQveyy'This famous medicine has been soli by medicine dealers in its liquid form forover forty years, giving great satisfaction.Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery table s ofor by mail send 50 one-cent stamps, K.V. Pierre. M. D., Buffalo, N.Y., for trial box.!fll?Qinno f-f T iivy are fully and properly answered in the People's Medical AdUOLVUlS Ul XJllL, iser by hy. Pierce. M. D. All the knowledge a youngman or woman, wife or daughter should have, 13 contained v th'3 bit? Horre Doctor Bookcontaining IOCS paces with engraving bound in clotn, sent free to anyone sending 31 onecent Btamps to prepay cost ot wrapping and postage.isreHW?naw-Q)Qa9i)g);:$.iS2XThree Dont'sFOR COAL BUYERSDon't think that any coal isas good asFox Ridge and I Pioneer becauseclosely imitated in name.Don't deceive yourself intcrthiiiking thatany Kentucky coals are of the highquality of Fox Ridge and Pioneer.Don't allow others to mislead you intobelieving that any Kentucky coalsare equal to Fox Ridge or Pioneer.Dodson DentonThe Home of Good CoalYards, South Main St. Both Phones 140QaEtSCSsSQfessiQ&sS1.2.3.Sells My ProductsGets Best PricesBrings Supplies7. Pays r or Itself Over and Over :Seven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet.For information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyINCORPORATED,QRE At TORNADO SALETO -Twin Bi. Depaiiipl SfoieCorner SeventhDry Goods, Ladies' and Misses' Skirts, Waists, Shoes andMillinery, Slightly Soiled, Big Bargains.It is not only lightning-proof but fire-proof andstorm-proof, too.CORTRIGHT METAL SHINGLESlast as long as the building and never need repairs.just me uung ror rown or countryL meet every condition of comfort, beauty and security.ijl a rris?ci gaTr fO 3ForBest & Hawkins,acr idq aau poisons tss wifca typliold.iH. - Ts.laiMJr"" OAaX a3Je23 intomour verns IIAiAiaiA;iof srood cicrestion. vocr liver ar-t.rcAIf you prefer you can now obtain Dr.i Iyour druggist at $1.00, also iu 50c size IkASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland Telephone works for him. He will reply:4. Protects the Home5. Helps the Housewife6. Increases ProfitsDAYrslATand Main Sts.Duudines. because hevir W .J g nau mnjAiL'. -TnFUCS43S 1 - "'IJ L n.l- u I IVWW1 -r - L i-Sale byMillersburs, Ky.,ft's.,A-rtures. , ..&.??I3r4iMi -Early Cultivation of Tobacco.lt The cultivation of the tobacco plant.i -was about the first thing the American, colonists turned their attention to upon recovering from the gold fever. Itis known that John Rolfet the husbandof Pocahontas, had a field of tobaccoat Jamestown in 1G12, and it is be. lieved that the plant was cultivatedby Rolfe and his neighbors at an earlier date than that The export records of tobacco from Jamestown colony appear to begin in 1612.To Clean Walls.When walls or ceilings are paperedwith oilcloth or painted, put on wash,boiler of water and close doors andwindows and boil the water until wallsand ceilings are wet with steam.Take a long-handled scrubbing brushor broom, tie a soft rag and wipeyour walls. This will save lots oftime and trouble.And He Had to Stand for It."Some men never know how to letwell enough alone." "How so?" Blundern, the new department head, decided to require a competitive examination for every single job under him,and bless me! if his wife didn't winthe position of private secretary tohim." Judge.Germany yearly wagers $400,000,000on horse races, with 210,000 bookmakers. ONEDROPdown the throat of a "eapey"chicken destroys the wormsand saves the chick's life. Afew drops in the drinking: waterCURES aridPREVENTS GAPESwhite diarrhoea, roup, choleraand other chick diseases.One 50c Bottle ofourbonPoultryGureMakes 12 Gallons of Medicine.Every poultry raiser should keep a bottle ofthis medicine on hand. Write for free sampleand Booklet on "Diseases of Fowls." AddressBQURBOH REMEDY COMPANY, Lexington, Ky.For Sale by W. T. Brooks'4 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDepositsYour Deposits Arc GuaranteedYOU TAKE NO fflSKSIf You Are Interestedr Write UsUNION STATE BANKMuskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000;fully Paidi CANCER CURED ' 3I guarantee every case I un- 'dertake; 20 years practice; ref- qjerence, any citizen of Paris. 1DR. WM. R. SMITH, 5Paris, Ky. iMartin BrosFurniture Moving,City Transferand First-CalssLiveryOur Facilities forHeavy Hauling isjt Good.Our Livery is as good as theother fellows. Horses fedby the week or month.We would appreciate ashare of your business.Prompt attention given allorders.Both Phones 260.MARTIN BROS.,Eighth St.Paris, Kentucky.4PRESS COMMENT ONTOBACCO SITUATIONWinchester Democrat: The mottoof the old commonwealth should everhe in the minds of the tobacco growers. Dover News: It develops that hut avery small per cent of poolers aremaking any real kick it is the interests that want to get control of andcrush the whole farmers' movementthat are stirring up the dust.Mt. Olivet Tribune: Greater effortsthan have been made- at any time sincethe formation of the Burley. TobaccoSociety and Burley Tobacco Companyare now being made by the enemies ofthe tobacco growers to destroy theseorganizations.Cynthiana Log Cabin: We can seeno possible good and only certain disaster if the stockholders in the BurleyTobacco Company should be so foolishas to surrender control to those whoseactivity at this time looks very suspicious. Carlisle Mercury: The decision is acomplete rout for the assailants of thepresent management of the BurleyCompany, and has'fully established thefact that the rumors of mismanagement of the funds of the companywhich have been so diligently circulated by the opposition are withoutfundation.Switzerland (Ind.) Democrat: TheBurley Tobacco Company has won asignal victory by the denial of JudgeHarbeson of a receiver. Themanagement of the Burley Companywas complimented by the judge, andno unfair dealing or even bad businessjudgment was shown.Flemingsburg Times-Democrat: Themovement in opposition to the presentmanagement of the Burley TobaccoCo. seems to have given up, and there'seems no reason to doubt that the oldmanagement will succeed themselvesif they so desire.j tvaiaaw luuepeiiutJiil. xne uecisionis a lengthy one and reviews the business of the company and the periodof hostile litigation. It assures the continuance of President Clarence LeBusand his associates in the managementof the company and its affairs.Inland Farmer: A decision rendered by Judge Harbeson, of the Ke .nj County, Ky., Circourt Court, relivesthe Burley Tobacco Company of thei embarrassment of a receivership, asj the court decides that the Burley Tobacco Company is in a highly prosI perous condition, and the suit filed byI a disgruntled stockholder.I; Lexington Herald: It is a cause of! self-gratulation on the part of all residents of the burley tobacco belt thatJudge Harbeson not only refused toappoint a receiver for 1he Burley Tobacco Company, but by Ms decision setat rest reports that have been industriously circulated by those who attempted to wreck that company. Thereis every reason to believe that the election of officers in October will resultin the election of those who haveproved their ability to manage the affairs of the company. 'i Lexington Tribune: The fact weI wish to impress upon the public to-dayI is this: as the future success of theBurley Tobacco Society depends upon1 those who are members of it, an evilhour has come to Kentucky whenstrife 'and bitterness enter in the company's affairs. Let us sound this noteof warning before it is too late, thereis no strife in the organization of theAmerican Tobacco Company and itssubsidiary companies, and the stockholders and officers of that powerfultrust are all of one mind when troublescome to this great farmers' organization. Harrodsburg Leader: Nearly allshares have been given to a committeeto vote and they will stand by Presi-dent LeBus and the present manage-ment. The company is doing fine andthe shares are growing more valuablet all the time."! When yoa fee! nitwitvous, tired, worried or despondent it is asure sign you need MOTT'S NERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMott's Nerverine Pills ggSWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky...Professional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,. . PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones j f1 'c, ., 0 JE. T. 384.Residence Home 334 .DR. A. IT KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - KentuckyJ J. WELXiIAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.2oom 1 Elke Building. -Their Wives TooSpeakers on Home Making Have Been SecuredFor the Barbecue at Versailles, Aug. 20A BARBECUE has usually stood for politics and men only. The big Camden barbecue is to be -educational and is to include the farmers'wives in the makeup of its splendid program. No effort will be sparedto make the farmers' wives and daughters comfortable when they attend this huge meeting. A special rest tent will be provided for the ladies,and a physician will be in attendance.In reading over the program which has been issued in the last week one isvery much impressed with the fact that the major portion of the speakers willtalk on co-operation and the marketing of crops instead of increased production of crops. For a long time the farmer has thought that increased production would solve all of his problems, but he now realizes that he must learnI J5BT ' anHj!THOROUGHBREDS.more about marketing his crop when made and financing it before it is made.Mr. J. C. Caldwell, or, as his friends and neighbors call him, Jim Caldwell ofLakefield, Minn., will talk on "The Farmer and His Finances." He is a manwho speaks from a wide experience, an experience that embraces the launchingof a co-operative elevator, a farmers' bank, a co-operative store, a co-operativecreamery and, last and by no means the least, a co-operative church. Hewill have something to say that will get close to the people, for he is one ofthe people. He is not an expert or a theorist, but a man who has accomplishedthings in everyday life. It might be well to mention the fact that he is justhome from an extended trip abroad with the commission which has beenstudying foreign methods of farmers' credit and co-operation.Professor Charles J. Brand, assistant in charge of the bureau of marketing, AVashington, will tell of the work of his department in "Co-operative FarmMarketing." Mr. E. M. Tousley, who is editor of Co-operation and ajso secretary of the Right Relationship league, will discuss "Co-operation." The Farmers' Educational Co-operative "Union of America will be represented by Mr. 11.L. Barnett, who will discuss "The Farmers' Union."Professor Cyrus W. Hopkins of the great University of Illinois has beensecured to tell something of "Soil Conservation." The chief cf the farmers'SOME HAMPSHIRE DOWNS.co-operative demonstration work, Dr. Bradford Knapp, will explain the plansand the hopes of his department in "Farm Extension Work," while Dr. FredMutchler, in charge of the work in Kentucky, will tell something of the "Boysand Girls' Demonstration Work." Our own commissioner of agriculture, ,Hon.J. W. Newman, is to talk on "State Aid."Several other speakers are being considered, besides those for the farmers'wives, so that two speakers' stands may be used at a time and accommodateany crowd which may come to the barbecue.Every part of the Camden farm will be open for inspection on the day ofthe barbecue everything from the sixty acre field that has been in alfalfafor the past fifteen years to the thoroughbreds in the stables or the bunch ofShetland ponies, with their foals by their sides. There will be no effort at adisplay of the stock of any character, but the people are expected to go about,inspect and ask questions as if they were attending a one day session of agreat farmers' school. It is intended, after all, to be a great place of instruction and "getting together" and breaking bread together.In Warren county in the past few weeks the farmers, their wives and sonsand-daughters, have been "getting together" in a series of farmers' Chautau-KINGS OP THE DAIRY HERD.quas. Each one has been a district affair. The barbecue at Versailles is being developed in exactly this same spirit. It is the same feeling showing in adifferent manner. The barbecue is not a "getting together" of a neighborhoodor a county of farmers and their friends, but of the whole state. And that itmay be something more than the hearing of good talks, beeves and sheep willbe slaughtered and burgoo made so that it may be a picnic, a social gathering,smacking of the older days of Kentucky hospitality.Things are happening in Kentucky. Every day things are happening inthe dear old state. It seems that after her long nap she is rousing herself, andthat she may never doze again night schools, Chautauquas, farmers' nightschools, boys and girls' clubs and barbecues are being launched here and there.Let each and every one that can put everything aside and come to Versailles to pledge his or her faith in a Greater Kentucky through better far.ing; pledge his or her faith in the old state in a steaming -royal mug of burgoo.SPECIAL TRAIN EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURNSunday, AUG. 47$.25RoundTripSPECIAL TRAINLeaves CEORQETOWN 7:45amASK TICKET AGENT FOR PARTICULARS.aGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMEB.BOTH'PHONES-DAX 137; NIGHT 299.Twin Bros.' Department Store,701-703 Main Street, Corner Seventh, See Our Window For; $12.50, $15.C0and$18.CO:SmtsReduced to$9.98KZSZ2BTheseSuitsJarefiDjthe;iateststyIesandf colors and areexcellent values. Take alook. at them. WeaJso have afull lineof Shoes, HatsCapsShirfs'endf.'eveiythiiig thMen andgBoys wear.TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'lLWollstein, Propri or.Special Rates & Excursions.Eucursionto Cincinnati, Ohio,and returnSunday, flu& 17$1.50 ROUND TRIPThis train leaves Paris at 7:50 a.m., arriving Cincinnati 10:30 a.m., returning leaves Fourth St.station, Cincinnati, at 7ip. m.Tickets good on special M tramonly.Low round-trip Summer Tourist tickets to all Summer resortsin the North and Northwest onsale May 15 to Sept. 30 FinalI limit date 31, 1913, with liberalstop-over privileges.For further information, callon or address. J"W. H. HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, T. A.PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENTWill cure Blind, Bleedin; and Itching Piles.It absorbs the tumors, allays itching at once,acts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and $1.00.WILUAMSMFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.'Tfoxie" Davis jCbe Insurance AgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire,"1 Wind,Lightning :::::::::biggest and Best Paying Companfes.Give Old "Nub" a Calf.2 Helios 137 , '.25RoundTripACurtis&OverbyBusiness MenV Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and j crd Baits at AHHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Patronage Solicited,NEW - BARBER - SHOP!Windsor Hotel3Modern Equipment, ;PoliteService. , 'Everything Sanitary. ,Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDSpecial Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther NoticeWe pay 121-2c for greenrbeef hides. Call us :upor bring it to our place.MAX MUNICK,8th Street, PARIS, K -Call East Tenn Phom5T4 j.&" K-&& -' "'-'' 'V ww-. y .tjr j.i -&&i., rT...S?ik.-lr',The Bourbon NewsEstablished Feb. 1, 1881.iBWIFT CHAMP,- Editor andPublisher. . 1'PntPred at the Paris Kentucky Post-1office as Mail Matter of the SecondUIAlC - !.CONSERVING OUR WATERSUPPLY A QUESTION.The conservation of Paris' watersupply should be a matter o: deepconcern to the c'tizens in general aswell as those who receive the mostBdDstantial benefits from the wate. o:Stoner Creek. Uuless there is anawakening to the present situation-there in a great possibility that at atime not far distance the present sup-ply will be reduced beyond measure.Pome time ago the News called attention to the deplorable condition ofrnc mill darn o the Paris Milan?Company, .vrn'ch retains the waters ofStoner Creek and furnishes the cityits supply both for domestic and commercial use. It pointed to the factthat the structure would only be ableto stand the strain for a few moreyears and since hat time-it has gonedown in repair until now there remainsnothing more than a shell. The damhas stood the test for almost a century, which leaves no doubt of its inadequacy at the present time.Stoner Creek is the most beautifulinland stream in the State of Kentucyy.lis beauty has caused comment fromvisitors, coming from scores of citiesand towns in the State. Many ofour neighborink towns, did they possess a stream of such value, wouldfcid far greater use for its watersthan the people of Paris. Winchesterand Lexington would find it a valuableasset in securing enterprises.Nature has given Paris somethingthat has become the envy of everytown in this section, but which isheld at little value. Something must"be done to conserve our water supplyand that without delay.Previously we suggested that themill dam could be reconsructed of con- j mountain fruits, which grow in abun-nr-atotiiaf toohM last fnr a? and at. i danc and in great variety. Conse-a. nominal cost compared with thebenefits to be "derived from a safestructure to retain a supply of waterfor the city's use.The matter has been investigatedand it is found that a concrete dam canbe built at a cost not to exceed $7,000.Thes ructure could be much higherthan the present one. which would increase the volume of water about theplant of thisc ompany. The dam, asit is understood is the property of this,nn,nflnv wwh in nm,iri ho,w.vj, ,,.. . . www ww vexpected to bear the entire expenseof the venture. Let those who derivethe most beneficial results from thestream lend a hand. There are oth-1ers:The Paris Water Company, theParis Manufacturing Co., the LouisvilleanoT Nashville railroad. The city ofParis could afford- to appropriate asum to assist in meeting the expense jalong with the above mentioned.The dam at present" looks to be al -moSt'ln a state of collapse and it isj j. ii - .,predicted the high waters of anotherspring or summer will be sufficient tocarry away the structure. The dryweather of the past several weeksshould be convincing evidence of thedire need of such an improvement tomake sure of our water supply andthe question is, who will make the initial move in this direction?NATURAL GAS LINE TOPARIS ABOUT COMPLETED.With only a small section of the nat-iiral gas line extending from this city!to Pine Grove remaining to be completed work has been temporarilysuspended. That part of the main unfinished is near Bedford Station, ashort distance from the city where achange in the grade of the Louisville& Nashville railroad has made it impossible to proceed Gas has beenturned into the mains to ftest the lineand the result proved highly satisfactory to thocse in charge of the work.It is reported that the Central Keniicky Natural Gas Co. has mad e arrangemens with the Paris Gas & Electric Co. to act as distributing agent inthis city, using the mains of the company for that purpose instead of incurring the extra expense of laying. iiew mains throughout the city. The. xeport is to the effect that the NaturalGas Co. will erect an office on the' Clintonville pike near the city limitsand will meter the gas to the localcompany and the consumers in Pariswill purchase the supply from the latter. Mr. C. L. Steenbergen, Superinten-, dent of the Paris Gas & Electric Co.,- returned Wednesday night from hisvacation, but stated he was not in position to give out any official information in regard to the report, and willnot be able to do so for several days.It has been learned from an official.source, however, that the CentralKentucky Natural Gas Co. has submitted a proposiion to the local company" -to furnish the natural gas at a rate of-twenty-five cents per thousand feet.fife. Under the franchise granted by themi-,t.i,j mc 10.LC 459 Lu.iiijr-jj.vt3 ucuia JJClthousand feet to consumers.Without any further obstacles it isi Tfi&SOnahlv certain the pnfirp linp -willrU'lva Anmnlnf nA nliJ n -.. nI ;4- t-Utnn v,uuipiciCU O-llU gOS IU1UCU J11LU LI11&city sot later than the last of thisjmonth.Auto Wrecked; 4 Killed.(Continued from Page 1.) ,(chine west in East Broad stree toreturn home. On the city side- ofAlum Creek the Norfolk and Westerntrack crosses East Broad street on agrade crossing."Borders, who was driving, stoppedr. r nnroinor from A o 1"ia crotocs wnra1UI IX 1JO.OO.H& num. ja uiv, bu.vt v.iThe machine is a self-starter. As hetook hold it appears that he in somemanner threw the reverse lever."In a second the machine was backing rapidly toward the bridge. Witha crash it went through the iron railing and turned over, pinning the occupants beneath. A lighted match completed the wreck."Friends to-night ascribed the accident to a posible attack of heart disease which came on Mr. Borders as hesat in the machine a few minutes before the wreck. They said that hewas subject to attacks of heart troubleand believe that a posible seizure wasresponsible for his inability to throwoff the reverse leaver."Two men were seriously burnedwhile they were doing rescue work.They are Warren Hill and Frank A.McElroy, of 518 East Town street,Columbus. Both were burned aboutthe heads and face while trying torescue the imprisoned victims."Borders' home was in Louisville.He had been living here for months.He had offices in the Harrison building in this city, his business beingthe flotation of contests to boom newspapers and periodical circulation."The ill-fated party boarded at thehome, of Mrs. J. M. Dunham. A tragicfeature in connection with the accidentwas the fact that a few minutes afterthe party left her place, Mrs. Dunham's car passed the scene of the accident. She stopped and witnessed theremoval of the bodies, but never askedany questions, and it was not until shereturned to her home, two hours later,that she learned o fthe fatalities. Shewas prostrated."Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.FRUIT CANNING MAY BECOMEPROFITABLE IN MOUNTAINCanned fruit may become the typical product of the Kentucky mountains if a movement set on foot by thechurch people and mountaain evangelists and approved by the State Department of Agriculture meets with theI success anticipated.Markets are not accessible for thequently, much of it goes to waste, and,-r. t;Qo nnef nf if i,oc t,Alt. liUIV.g UOV, U1U1C VJL It UUO UCCll IVJII.verted into brandy. Next year it isproposed to make a thorough canvassof the mountain country in the interest of the girls' canning clubs. Commissioner Newman said he intendstouring portions of Eastern Kentuckythis fall after the- State Fair, and Mrs.Helen Wolcot, who is in charge of thecanning club work and has spoken atinstitutes in that section, will probably go along.The Rev. George Smith .Watson, ofMt. Vernon, and the Rev. William B.Bayers, of Hyden, Presbyterian minis-. nnllnd -v nclr Tnf Tm.fmnr. 4-icii) iaiicu iu aon. a. xul. 11 c iv iuaii lvjsend form experts to their counties.Mr. Bayers has taken a particular interest in 'fruit culture. He -wanted acannery started up there, but whenthe cannin g club proposiion wasbroached to him he secured a list ofapproved canning outfits and said hewould undertake to introduce the clubwork himself on a small scale to startthe movement.Mr. Watson, in adition to his ministerial duties, has voluntarily assumed!tlle function of consulting farm ex-, pert- . Atter go"S "to the fields hesaw tlle needs and the opportunity, and fltted himself to cope with theeconomical as well as the spiritual situation by taking a course in agriculture. He has been stationed in Rockcastle county, but will in the fuure beat Booneville. Both men said the canning club is especially adapted to theneeds of the mountain people, asthey raise frui in abundance, but findit impossible to market the freshcrop.AMUSEMENT FEATURES WILLHAVE SWAY AT THE FAIR.The amusement features at the Bourbon Fair which begins August 19 touuiiunue ior nve aays, win De tne nestever offered. The Litlejohn Amusement Company, which several weeksago filled a date in this city, will furnish a line of midway attractions thatare the best ever presented. Fivedays and'nights'of fun and amusement.Don't fail to attend.CLYDE KELLER PURCHASESTHOMAS ROCHE GROCERY.Mr. Clyde Keller yesterday closed adeal for the purchase of the grocerystore of Mr. Thomas Roche on Mainstreet and the work of invoicing willbegin today. The purchaser will assume charge as soon as invoicing iscompleted. Mr. Roche retires frombusiness on account of ill-healh. Mr.Mr. Keller is an experienced groceryman and it is his intention to conductone of the most up-to-date stores inthe city.MRS. JUDITH MARSHALLDIES IN LOUISVILLEMany acquaintances in Paris willregret to hear Mrs. Judith Marshallof Louisville, died yesterday at herhome in that city. The funeral willtake place today in Frankfort. Shehas visited Mrs. Mary Owens in thiscity on several occasions and hasa number of friends here. AttorneyRay Mann boarded at the home ofMrs. Marshall.NOTICE TO ICE CONSUMERS.On account of the drouth depletingour water supply we were compelled topay high freights on imported ice, and,as a consequence, we - temporarilymade a slight raise in our price. Therains have renewed our water supply,and on Monday we will reduce theprice to the former scale.' (ll-2t) PARIS ICE MAN'FG. CO.lofe MANUFACTURING COM PAN y'1f IS PLANNINGBIG IMPROVEMENT.To .meet the demand made uponit for Ice during the summer monthsthe Paris Ice Manufacturing Co. isplanning a big improvement in itsplant .in this city which will increasethe output about thirty tons a day. 'The present season has been unusually heavy and the capacity of thepresent plant has been taxed to itscapacity to supply the demand madefor the product. Several neighboringtowns having contracts wih the localcompany have had the supply reducedto almost half and it has been a difficult (matter all during the summer tomeet this demand, alhough much icehas been purchased from Lexington,Louisville nd Danville.It is the plan of the company toerect an addition to the present plantand equip it with the most modernmachinery used in ice manufacture.This addition with a daily output ofthirty tons coupled with capacity ofthe combined pints to almost twohundred tons daily.The management has let a contractto Mr. C. E. Cox, of Cynthiana, todrill an artesian well with a view ofstriking a good flow of water to beused in the manufacture of ice and hewill begin work within a few days.The report that the Paris concernwas contemplating the erection of aplant in Carlisle according to ManagerP. Nippert, Sr., is without foundation.The company is said to have the matter under consideration the installation ofa fifteen ton equipment , butin that city the fact the water supplywas very limited and that efforts tosink artesian wells had proved veryunsuccessful, the project was abandoned. Work upon the addition to the localplant will begin as soon as a strongvein of water is struck and will berushed to completion and the companyhopes to have the entire equipment inoperation next spring.The sermon by Dr. B. M. Shive athe Presbyterian church Sundey morning and the services will be for theaged. A special invitation to all whoare advanced in years is extended bythe pastor. Services at 10:45 a. m. Itis the request that friends provide away for those who are unable to walk.NOTICE TO VOTERSIN BABY CONTEST.I beg to state that my daughter,'Billy" Craven is not entered in thejbaby contest to be conducted duringweek of the fair and I will ask mymyfriends to refrain from placing votesto her credit.JAMES E. CRAVEN.,WILL ENTERTAIN VISITORSWITH A PRIVATE SHOOT.Mr.Thomas Henry Clay will entertain at his county home "TheHeights," near Austerlitz, to-day witha private shoot for his guests Mr. andMrs. Harry Kirby, of Hutchins, Kas.Among the others from a distanceJ who will participate in the events areMr. Robert Kirby and Miss Kirby, ofUrbana, O., and M. L. R. Myers, ofCincinnati. For the highest score inthe principal event of the day a silvercup will be offered.NEW TAILOR SHOP OPENEDWITH EXPERT IN CHARGE.Having opened a tailor shop in therear of the Paris Billiard Hall on theEast corner of Main and Fifith streets,and having an expert tailor in charge,we are prepared to do all kinds ofcleaning, pressing, altering and infact all kinds of tailoring. All workis guaranteed to meet with your satisfaction. Give us a call.LUTHER COLLINS.mt. sterling police takenegro Wanted for murderWill Lee, colored, of this city, charged 'with the murder of Sam Jackson,also colored, better know as "Rati Sam," was arrested in Mt. SterlingSaturday by Chief of Police Gibbonsand Patrolman Tipton. The murderwas committed last Thursday night atJackson's home in the negro suburbof Claysville, and the motive is supposed to have been robbery. Jackson'shead was beaten to a pulp his slayerusing a lage stone. Lee was broughtto this city Monday where he waslodged in jail and where he is awaitinghis examining trial.HOME-GROWN CANTELOUPES.We have Tip-Top canteloupes andwater melons.C. P. COOK & co:SOCIETY WILL HAVECHARGE OF FAIR DINNER.The Directors of the Bourbon County Agricultural Society have retainedthe dining room privilege. The diningroom will be run in the interest of theassociation and George Rassenfosshas been appointed to take full charge.The fair dinners in the past have beenthe best feature of the fair and inorder -to retain that reputation, Mr.Rassenfoss was instructed to spareno expense in order to furnish firstclass meals. The usual price of 50cents will be charged.NO NEED FOR BASKETDINNERS AT THE FAIR.Don't worry about your dinner whenyou come to the Bourbon County Fair.The association will furnish the bestto be had and plenty of it. At the usual price of 50 cents.Statesman's First Duty.The first duty of a statesman is topreserve the public health. Gladstone. An abbatoir for dogs has been ordered in Berlin to provide for the .increasing popularity of dog meat as -atable delicacy. 1RELGOUSSLEPT CALMLY, WHILECLOTHES WERE REMOVED.A very unusual trial was held beforeSquire L. J. Fretwell in the countycourt yesterday afternoon, resulting inTom Ljter a negro of Ruckerville beingheld to the grand jury. The principalwitness against Liter was Tom West,a colored gentleman minus one arm,who told the court of being robbed bythe defendant while he slept in frontof a dance hall in Ruckerville.West, according to Ills statement,would have been satisfied to have hadhis clothing, consisting of a pair ofpants, cap, coat, shoes and socks, and$2.6d in change returned, wolud nothave prosecuted the case, but all of hisbelongings he secured was the cap,which he found Liter wearing, andtook it away from him.The robbery took place Saturdaynight in Ruckerville. West told thestpry that he had gone out of thedance hall and suffering from theeffects of the turkey tro, tango, grizzley, bunny hug or something else,sat down on a bench and was soon inslumberland. When he awoke he hadbeen stripped of the last vestige ofclothing and a "nigger" who he alleged was Liter was making off in thedarkness. He gave the alarm and severla entered in pursuit, but Liter escaped. West made flis way home ina barrel.Tuesday night West found Literwearing his cap and after seizingthe piece of headgear complained tothe police resulting in the arrest ofthe latter.YOU WILL BE PLEASED.Get shoe satisfaction by traing(18-tf) FELD'S.atHENRY D. CLAYTON ISNEW ALAB'AMA SENATORMrs. Henry D. Clayton, who is visiting her mother, Mrs. Alice Davis, inGeorgetown, received a telegram Tuesday night, announcing the appointment of Judge Clayton as UnitedStates Senator from Alabama, byGov. Emmett O'Neal.Judge Clayton left Wednesday fromMontgomery for Georgetown, wherehe joined Mrs. Clayton and togetherthey returned to Washington.The news will be received with general rejoicing in Scott county, whereMrs. Clayton is genuinely beloved,and where as the beautiful Miss Bettie Davis, she was conceded to be oneof the belles of the Blue Grass region.DON'T FORGET THE PLACE.Don't forget that we have removerour store to the old Fee Grocery stand.Great bargains this week to make roomfor Fall goods.NATIONAL 5 & 10 CENT STORE.DONT FORGET.It's your fault if you don'tiron in the cool. Phone theElectric Co. to send you anElectric Iron on two weeks'trial. " Before you forget it.LUKE McLUKE SAYS:(Cincinnati Enquirer.)Every woman believes that bachelors are men who have been disappointed in love. And married menhaven't nerve enough to tell themotherwise.If there is a fire around the cornerand a woman sees a crowd runningtoward her, she just happens to remember that she forgot to wear a petticoat under her thin dress.I hate to knock the women, but thereshould be stag cars on every streetcar route. A car on which nothingbut men could ride could be run on aschedule fifteen minutes faster than acar that has to stall around everysquare and wit until a woman makesup her mind what she is going to do.Every bald-headed man is tempted toraise a beard just to show that he cangrow hair.What has become of the old-fashionedgirl who used an old stocking for arat?Daughter has to play tennis for exercise. But mother gets hers with astout broom and a roll of carpet.Every now and then you meet aman who reminds you of the holes ina Sfriss cheese.Every baby resembles the relativewho has the most money. fIf a man doesn't want his wife to doa thing he should tell her to go aheadand do it, and she won't do it, dust tobe contrary! vIt has just about .gotten so in thiscountry that a woman can't even shoother own husband without having thenosey police butt in.Any time a manJends a girl a helping hand he wants her to hold it for awhile.There never was a man who loved agirl" so passionately that she could afford to go around the house with bothher complexion and her hair laid aside.The stout girls who have somethingto show seem to buy their waists threesizes too small. "And the flat-chestedgirls seem to get their wiasts threesizes too large.HOW THE TROUBLE STARTS.Constipation is the cause of manyailments and disorders that make lifePmiserable. Take Chamberlain's Tablets, keep your bowels regular and youwill avoid these diseases. For sale byall dealers.(August)FINE SHOW HORSES ATTHE BOURBON FAIR.At the Bourbon Fair which beginsTuesday, August 19, to continuethroughout the week, there will besome of the finest show horses everexhibited at a fair in Kentucky. Theopening day will be featured by thepony show, which will bring out alarge number of the little animals tocompete for the atractive premiums.SIMON'S AT COST SALE.All? Summer good at copt.HARRY SIMON.CLAY QUITS; LEXINGTONCOMMERCIAL CLUBSamuel H. Clay, who has been thecapable secretary of the LexingtonCommercial Club for the last fouryears, has tendered his resignation tothe Board of Directors, to take effectSeptember 1.Mr. Clay will remove to Caldwell,Idaho, where he will engage in business with his father, who was recentlyin Kentucky, purchasing fine Jerseycattle. He is well-known in Paris,where he has many friends and relatives. NOTfCE.Having sold our. business to Prichard & Ball, we will appreciate it verymuch if those having accounts with uswhich are due, will call and settlesame, as we have some heavy obligations to meet before we can wind upour business.8-3t YERKES & PRIOHARD.TWO WEEKS' f REE.You will want to use thatElectric Iron to-day. Phonethe Electric Co. to send youone on two weeks' free trial.CANVASSING SALESMAN1 We want a smart, clean and energetic man to represent us in the ruralroute district around Lexington, andalso the city later on as he advances.You call on our customers and get aninterview, as we advertise your nameand the preparation heavily throughthfe moil. Will give you exclusive territory and make special price on dozen lots. Only live wires need apply.Write today. yA. D. BROWN REMEDY CO.,2117 Central Ave., ,Cincinnati, O.BOURBON FAIR WILL BEBIGGER AND BETTER THAN EVER.The Bourbon Fair which beginsAugust 19th, to continue five days, willbe bigger and better than ever. Neverhas there been a larger number of premiums offered at a county fair inKentucky, which insures an excellentexhibition in every department. Besure to attend every day.InOldest Fair67th Annual Fair of theBourbon Countycylgricultural Society5 BIG Days--5AUGUST 195 20, 21 9 22, 23, 1913.The Program this year is decidedly the bestever offered in all its history. Write for Catalog,Littlejohn's'Big United Showswill furnish the attractions for the Midway. Twentyclean attractions.High Dive and Balloon AscensionEvery Day.Write to the undersigned for entry blanks andinformation.IfWINDINSURANCE9 .FireLightnin-popn. 12 BigGOOD REASON FORHIS ENTHUSIASMWhen a man has suffered for MTeraidays with colic, diarrhoea or otHerT'form of bowel complaint and is theo. 'cured sound and well by one or twofjrdoses of Chamberlain's Colic, Choleraand Diarrhoea Remedy,as is often th - vcase, it is but natural that he should Jbe enthusiastic in his praises of theremedy, and especially is this the case-'of. a severe attack when life is threatened. Try it when in need of such aremedy. It never fails. Sold by altdealers.(August)TO MAMMOTH CAVEAUGUST 20, 1913LAST GREAT REDUCTION:Round trip railroad fare $5.65Board at the Cave Hotel, including the-several routes in the Cave for ?6.50Making total cost for three days' trip$12.15; going on regular morning:trains. Limit, on tickets 10 days.Write or phone Ir. & N. agent. 5aug5t;Southdown Bucks,I have a nice lotdown Bucks for sale.of pure SouthJOHN SATJER.Paris, Ky.15-3tNOTICE.All persons knowing themselves indebted to the estate of J. H. Linville,.deceased, will please come and settlesame at once; also those having claims,against said estate will please presentthem, properly proven as prescribed?by law, to undersigned.W. V. HUFFMAN,Administrator J. H. Linville.Notice to MerchantsOn and after this date I will not be-! responsible for any accounts contracted by other persons in my name unless,same is made upon a written ordersigned by myself.W. M. GILLESPIE,Paris, Ky., Aug. 1, 1913.1iin the StateJOHN S. WIGGINS,y- ImmSecretaryandCompanies"fOr hwWOODFORD I. . . . , y. . . . S.tlFi Vrh:vrt-i(rtl -- rSK.H&nsp.yf w '. 4THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 15; 1913.IRft,&?' 0i-W?&fefiiv3rc jHAS THE BESTCF ALL LINES WADESEE OUR WINDOW.See J. T. Hinton's windowsslaughter of porch furniture.forNOTICE.City tax lists for theyear 1913 are now inmy hands for collection, at my office atthe Deposit Bank.'C. K. THOMAS,City Collector.CHASE AND SANBORNCOFFEES AND TEAS.We have the full line.C. P. COOK & CO.CAUGHT BY HEAVY TRUCK;SUFFERS FRACTURED RIBS.Mr. Edward Faries, son of Dr. andMrs. F. M. Faries, a clerk in the Louisvillex & Nashville freight depot inthis city suffered the fracture of threeribs Wednesday morning when he wascaught between a heavy truck loadedwith freight and a door at the depot.IS YOUR BOY GOING AWAY?r 3 school or take a trip? We can, outf t him very reasonably now. Trunks,t o.J. W. DAVIS & CO.PARIS ATHLETICS TO MEETTHE WOOLFOLK CLUB AGAIN.The Paris Athletic Club will meetthe Woolfolk Club, of Lexington, atWhite Park Sunday afternoon. Thisis the third- of a series of three between the two clubs and should provequite interesting, owing to the factthat each team has won and lost agame. The Paris aggregation is playing a good game and deserve a liberalpatronage from the fans.SIMON'S AT-COST SALE.All Summer goods at cost.HARRY SIMON.FORMER PARIS BOYASSIGNED TO LOUISVILLEThe Winchester Democrat says:"Mr. Allen Lary, who has held a position under Pendleton, Bush &,Bush,local law firm, for several months, asstenographer, has been assigned to avery lucrative position in the head offices of the L. & N. in Louisville.This young man is a comer, and as aresul of his training under this notedlaw firm, he should be well equippednow to climb the ladder of fme fastin railroad work."MAKES IT SHINEBrighten up yur slid silver and brassgoods for the fair. For the best polish'phone(15-lt) " FORD & CO.SAVE MONEY NOWThis ist he time to save moneyonhouse furnishings. SeeJ. T. HINTONBIBLE SCHOOL CONVENTIONTO BE HELD AUG. 27.On Wednesday, August 27, the Bour"bon County Bible Schools of theChurch of Christ, composed of Bethlehem, Clintonville, Escondida, LittleRock, Millersburg, Mt. Carmel, NorthMiddletown, Paris, Peyton's Lick,Ruddells Mills and Stony Point, willhold their annual convention at NorthMiddletown.County workers, a State worker,and F. M. Rains, Secretary of the Foreign Christian Missionary Society,will take part on the program.SIMON'S AT-COST SALE.All Summerjood at cost.HARRY SIMON.MILLERSBURG MAN WILLLOCATE IN THIS CITY.Mr. J. H. Campbell, of Millersburg,sold his residence in that place Wednesday to Mr. K. D. Burrough at aprivate price. Mr. Campbell, who is thefather of Mr. Hughes Campbell, whohas some time been employed by thePower Grocery Co., in this city, contemplates moving his family to thiscity to reside. He gives possession ofthe residence in Millersburg Sept.15 and will probably engage in business in Paris.CARVING SETSFor the next ten days we will giveyou some bargains in guaranteed carving sets.(15-lt) FORD & CO.EIG BARGAINS IN WALL PAPER.Wall paper cut deep at J. T. Hinton's:"-.r-RIBS BROKEN BY FALLFROM AN ENGINE TANK.Ossian E. Sprake, of this city, a fireman on the Louisville and Nashvillerailroad, suffered a severe injury atLivingston Monday night. He wascoaling his engine and was on thetank when he lost his balance fallinga distance of about twelve feet. Hewas taken to his boarding house andbrought to Paris on the early morningtrain.Dr. C. G. Daugherty attendedhis injuries. He suffered three brokenribs and was badly bruised.EXTRA VALUES.Better be thinking about a. newsuit for the fair. We're showing somei ..in flite iraolr of 510extra- vaiue aiuuo - n.to $30.;J. W. "DAVISSOCIAL MO PERSONALMrs. F. 'P. Kiser has returnedfrom a visi to friends in Louisville. ' "Miss. Ollie Butler has returnedfrom a visit to friends in Richmond.Miss Mary Brannon left Wednesday for a visit to friends in Frankfort.Mr. James M O'Brien has gone toSwango Springs for a ten days' stay.Mr. Clell Turney left yesterday forWindsor, Canada, for a six-weeks' stay.Mr. Harry Simon will leave Sunday for a business trip to New York.Mr. J. A. Jones, of Yokum, Texas,is the guest of Mr. and Mrs. JamesWilcox.Mrs. Ben Salender, of Winchester,is the guest of her sister, Mrs. EdwardCoughlin.Mrs. Carl Lehman, of Cincinnati,is visiting her sister, Mrs. JamesGrinnan.Miss Marie Talbott has returnedfrom a visit to Miss Eleanor Tevis, inDanville.Miss Elizabeth Stuart Carter isvisiting Miss Laura Perry. Davis, inCovington -Mr. Albert Anton, of this city, isvisiting friends in Maysville andVanceburg.Mr. Edward Myall Ifas returnedfrom a visit to Mr. Virgil Lary, inWinchester.Mrs. Arra Barnes is visiting Mrs.Dallas Barnes and other elatives inMt. Sterling.Editor F. M. Thomason, of theGeorgetown News, was a business visitor in Paris Tuesrday.Miss Margaret Griffith, of KansasCity, Mo., is the guest of Mrs. W. Griffith, near Jacksonville, this county.Mrs. S. G. Clay and daughter,Miss Alice Rogers Clay, have gone toGraham Springs for a protracted stay.Mrs. Ben Hickman, of OklahomaCity, Okla., has arrived for a visit toMrs. J. Morgan Brown, on East Mainstree.Mrs. W. L. Yerkes and daughterleft Tuesday for Oil Springs to spendtwo weeks.Miss Mattie Dunn, of Lexington,has been the guest for several daysof her sister, Mrs. E. C. Peterson, in! this city.Mr. Eldridge Dudley, of Covingon, and Miss Martha Weathers, ofLexington, are the guests of Miss Wellingon SmihMrs. C. O. Hinton and childrenand Mrs. James McClure have reurned from Boston, where they spentseveral months.Mr. and Mrs. C. L. Steenbergenand daughter returned Wednesdaynight after several weeks at PointPleasant, W. Va.Misses Bessie Lee and KittieEwalt, of Shawhan, left yesterday forLouisville for a visit to their aunt,Mrs. T. A. Crawford.Miss Elizabeth Blanton has returned to her home in Danville after adelightful visit to Hon. and Mrs. E.M. Dickson, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Judy, of Northj Middletown, Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Judyand son, T. J. Judy, Jr, have returnedfrom a two weeks' stay at Oil SpringsMr. and Mrs. Joseph Leach entertained with a dinner party Monday attheir home on the Georgetown pikein honor of Elder Gano Buckner, ofOwensboro.Mr. and Mrs. S. A. Millikin, ofMarietta, O., and Mr. J. S Millikin, ofWilmore, were the guests several daysthis week of Mr and Mrs. J. H Millikin at their country home, "Rosedale," near this city.Miss Elizabeth Spears, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. Sol Spears, of Columbia, Mo., formerly of Bourbon, willarrived Saturday for a visit to her aunt,.Mrs. Mattie Keller, at Shawhan, andother relatives in this county.Miss Hattie Wingo, of Norwood,0., has arrived for a visit to her sister,Mrs. Zeke Elkin, on Fifteenth street.Miss Elizabeth Frank has returnedto her home in Louisville after a visitto Mr. and Mrs B. A. Frank, in thiscity.Mr. and Mrs. TJllman Lancaster,who for the past several months havemade their home in Middlesboro, havereturned to Paris to reside. Mr Ln.caster having secured a positionwith the Bourbon Home TelephoneCompany.Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Veach anddaughter, Miss Irene, have returnedto Paris from Lebanon, to .rescide.'They are at present at the WindsorHotel and after September 1 will occupy the Broomhall property on Houstonavenue.Mr. and Mrs. William McPhearson arrived Tuesday from Salt LakeCity, Utah, for a visit to the parents ofthe latter, Mr. and Mrs. Jos. Rion, onSecond street. Dr. and Mrs. Hill, ofDewitt, Ark., arrived yesterday for avisit to Mr. and Mrs Rion.Miss Beulah Quinn, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Ebward Quinn, enterained a number of friends Monday afternoon from 2:30 until 5 at the homeof her parents, on Walker avenue, inhonor of her ninth birthday. Refreshments of ices and cakes were served.Mrs. R. M. Hopkins and little son,R. M. Hopkins, Jr., who have beenspending the summer with the former's moher, Mrs. Thos. Helm Clay,on West Eighth street, left Tuesdaymorning for their home in Covington.Mr. R. M. Hopkins, who has been attending the World's Sunday SchoolConvention in Switzerlandjoined hisfamily here en route home.Miss Eleanor Clay entertainedwith a five hundred party Wednesdayafternoon at the home of her parents,Mr. and Mrs.O. P. Clay, on the Georgetown pike. About forty young peopleenjoyed the event. The girl's prize, ahnv of nandv was wnn hv Miss Marv nlinrsrffd from thfi institution Tuesday i mT.r,,-.r xirvv. orifl' Hio hnv'o nn'70 ond ic rnnirllv rofnvorinr from Iiir RP-!-.iments of delicious ices andcakes wereserved.Mrs. M. J. Lavin and Mrs. P. Nip-pert are guests at Dry Ridge SpringsJailer Z. T. Lusbyof Georgetown,was a business visitor, in Paris Tuesday. " .Mr. I. F. McPheeters has returnedfrom a pleasant stay at Oil Springs,in Clark county.Mrs. Chas. Green and daughterare the guests of Mrs. Green's father,Mr. Jno. G. Redmon, in the county.The BjDurbon Dancing Club willentertain with its annual fair dance1 atthe Elks' Hall on Thursday evening,August 21.Mrs. Eva Brown, of Canton, O., isvisiting her brother, Mr. Roy Collins,visiting her brother, Mr. Roy oCllins,in this city.Miss Mattie Shadbourne and MissMartha- Whitcomb, of St. Matthews,Ky., are the guests of Mrs. L. B.Purnell, on Mt. Airy avenue.Mr. J. W. Davis has sufficientlyrecovered from a recent operation atthe Massie Hospital to be able to bemoved to his home, he is recoveringrapidly.VEACH RETURNS TO PARISAS CENTRAL HOME MANAGER.J. J. Veatch, for several years avery successful manager for the EastTennessee Telephone Company inBourbon county, has returned to Parisin the capacity as District Managerfor the Central Home Telephone andTelegraph Company of Louisville, whoare the owners of the IndependentTelephone systems operating in Bourbon, Harrison, Nicholas, Fleming,Mason and several other counties inthe Notheastern part of the State.Mr. Veatch states that he regretsvery much that on account of he recent storm in Bourbon county therehas been some necessary delay in getting all of the lines in working orderpromptly, but wishes to assure hispatrons that several large forecs ofmen are now busily engaged in repairing this damage, and that suchwork will not cease until the Bourboncounty plant is placed in first-classcondition and be able to render serviceworthy of compliments instead of criticism. Several thousand feet of new cablehas been received and will be added tothe present plant in order to takecare of the demand for new businesson west Main street and the Clintonville pike.The central office equipment will bere-arranged and the District Manager'soffice will be installed on the firstfloor of the building.Mr. K. E. Spears, the presentCashier, will assume the responsibility as Assistant Commercial Managerand Cashier, and Mr. UHman Lancaster County Plant Foreman, and A. H.Townes Wire Chief.CALL FOK VANHOOKVanhook is an old-fashioned fire copper distilled Bourbon whiskey. Thebest whiskey made in a State famousfor good whiskies. Call for Vanhookbottled in bond or in bulk. For sale atall first-class bars. (adv)BOURBONCOMMISSIONERS TOCANVASS RETURNSBy rvitue of Bourbon county havingcast the largest vote in the Senatorialprimary of August 2, in the Twentyeighth Senatorial district, composedof the counties of Bourbon, Clark andMontgomery the official returns ofthe three counties will be canvassedby the Bourbon CountyyElection Commissioners, composed of Sheriff A. S.Thompson, R. K. McCarney and M. R.Jacoby.The local Commissioners will meetat the Court House Saturday and goover the returns. According to thenew primary law the County Clerksof Clark and Montgomery are requiredto certify the returns of those countiesto uouny uierk Fearce Paton, of Bourboin, who will turn them over to theelection commissioners, who are repuired to certify the complete returnsto the Secretary of State in Frankfor,not later than fourteen days followingthe primary.The canvassing of the returns inthe Senatorial race is likely to precipitate a contest in the race for the Democratic nomination, which is claimedby both Rufus Hadden and J. WillClay. On the face of the returns Clayis leading by six votes.READY FOR INSPECTIONNew designs in pressed, blown andcut tableware ready for your inspection before the Fair.(15-lt) FORD & CO.TAKE NO SUBSTITUTE.The best and purest whisky is VanHook. Call for it and take no other.HALF PRICE.Throw away that old straw. Freshones at half price.J. W. DAVIS & CO.RECOVERING FROM AN ATTACKOF BLOOD POISONING.Mr. C. C. Hadden, a prominent farmer of near North Middletown, returned Wednesday morning from Cincinnati, where he has been confined in ahospital under treatment for bloodpoisoning.Several weeks ago Mr. Hadden suffered a slight injury to his left arm.The accident occurred at his homeand he was reaching through a broken window for some article a smallpoint of broken glass cut a small gashin the flesh. Little attention wasgiven the injury and blood poisoningsoon developed.Mr. Hadden was taken to the Cincinnati Hospital, whereh e remained infia serious condition for about twoweeks and for a time it was fearedhe would lose his arm. He was di-tulMMMMWEAKNE55Irot is promptly relievedby the medical nourishment inScott's Emulsion wLicnis not a nerve-quieter, tut nature'sgreatest nerve -builder, withoutalcohol or opiate.Scott & Bowne, Bloomficld, If . J.13-25HELD TO GRAND JURYFOR THEFT OF SUIT CASE.James Kelly, white, arrested at theL. & N. depot Wednesday afternoonby Patrolman G. N. McKenney, wastried before Squire L. J. Fretwell inthe county court on a charge of petitlarceny and held to grand jury inthe sum of $400. He failed to executebail and was committed to jail. Kelly,it was alleged took a suit case from theLouisville & Nashville passenger station, which belonged to Miss MaeOckerman. She complained to thepolice and the arrest of Kelly followed. Lucile Mitchell, colored, chargedwith cutting with intent to kill wasbefore Squire Fretwell for her examining trial and was held to thegrand jury under $300 bond. Severalweeks ago the woman, who was staying at a construction camp near Austerlitz, cut Joe Roy, a negro laborer,across the arm with a knife. The negro was taken to a Lexington hospitalwhere it was found the nature of thewound would necessitate the amputation of the member.FREE TRIAL.Fourth shipmenfof ElectricIrons just received by ParisGas & Electric Co. Phone forone to be sent to your homeon two weeks' free trial.CALL FOR VANHOOK.Vanhook is an old-fashioned fire copper distilled Bourbon whiskey. Thebest -whiskey made in a State famousfor good whiskies. Call for Vanhookbottled in bond or in the bulk. Forsale at all first-class bars. (adv)SpeiacS prices onFurniture, Bee CreamFreezers and PorchShades. OBd HickoryFurniture goes atcost.tf E. M. WHEELER,FOR RENT.FOR RENT DISHouse on Second street. Apply toMRS. DUKE BOWLES.15-lt 623 Main Street.J. T.rrtfsJ. T. HINTONWood MantelsOur Large Stock of Shirt WaistsMust Be Reduced.So we will give the prices anotherbig cut. Come while have your size.Prices on All Summer FabricsReduced.Big cut on DressWash Goods, Etc.9W. EdTo make roomwe have rtiucdMen's, Women'sShoes.Ij SHOE SALEThis Sale Began August 6 and..-Lasts 10 Days.NothingchargedGeo. Mc Williams,LPhones 301HINTON: SEEWINDOWSPorch Furnishings Cheaperthan you have ever seen it.ILook At ThePrices! .ASAVES YOU MONEYUndertakingf::Linens, Lawns,Tucker.I1for our Fall Stock,our entire stock ofand Children's Lowjat cut prices,JThe Shoe ManIAS5Ambulance& .CO. went to Mr. Walter Kenney. Refresh- vvere illness. v ji J " i 'vwauMNSwiMiiaMiMiiitfir '"""THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,' KENTUCKY, AUGUST 15 1913I'MS?!'-fc-.amwnHTwmJob PpimtinejWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!JTRE J9B RGOfflS OFTHEBHRBNftEWSjAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingJust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themworkQur type is new and modernfaces.Cbe Bourbon news,104 Issues a Year for .$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.muiUMums?ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.As administrator or J.- H. Ljnville,deceased, I vill offer for sale at publicauction, on the home farm, at Millersburg, Ky., onSept. 3,' 1913, at 10 A. M.the following property:2 full bed room suites;1 chamber set and lot of other furniture, such as carpets, rugs, tables,chairs, mattresses and bed steads andmatting, kitchen and dining room furniture ;Lot of enameled ware";Lot of milk crocks and pans;2 clocks;1 sewing machine;Lot of bedding, blankets, pillows,etc.;Half dozen brooms;1 lot stone jars; .1 lot glass jars;1 wash machine ; lLot old iron; .j1 step ladder;1 iron kettle; .' 1 lawn mower jy '1 lot tools; .2 breaking plows; -1double-shovel plow;1 tobacco plow;1 no-top buggy;1 rubber tire buggy;1 two-horse wagons;1 sled and 1 log chain;1 roller;1 Frazier cart;3 hog troughs;4 hog houses;1 gasoline engine and corn mill;1 clipping machine;6,000 tobacco sticks;1 transplanter;1 seed sower;1 one-horse drill; ' .1 grind stone;1 saddle and bridle;1 set cart harness;1 post-hole digger;1 A tooth harrow;1 disc harrow;3 sows and 15 pigs;3 red sows in pig;1 three-year old mare;1 yearling colt;1 aged mare;1 two- year old gelding;1 Jersey cow and calf; '1 six-year old Jersey cow;1 spotted Jersey cow;1 cow and weanling calf;1 lot old corn;1 red calf;5 vearling steers;4 heifers;19 ewes and one buck;1 reaper;1 corn crusher;1 Ross cutting box;1 acre cow peas;One-half interest in G acres tobacco;14 acres of corn;One-half interest in 20 acres corn;A lot of clover and timothy hay;A lot of other farming implements.TERMS All amounts under $20.00cash; over that amount negotiablenote, with interest at rate of G percent, payable in six months.W. V. HUFFMAN,Administrator.GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auct. (5-td)$100 REWARD, $100The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that scienc hasbeen able to cure in all its stages,and that is Catarrh. Hall's CatarrhCure is the only positive cure nowknown to the medical fraternity.Catarrh being a constitutional disease,requires a constitutional treatment.Hall's Catarh Cure is taken internally,acting directly upon the blood and themucous surfaces of the system, thereby destroying the foundation of thedisease, and giving the patient morestrength by building up the constitution and assisting nature in doing itswork. The proprietors have so muchfaith in its curative powers that theyoffer One Hundred Dollars for anycase that it fails to cure. Send forlist of testimonials.Address: F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo,Ohio.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (August)Paris passenger transport facilitieshave greatly improved within the lastfew years. The excellent system ofundergrown electric railways has beenconsiderably extended, and now carries upward of 400,000,000 passengersa year.NOTBEGQMNFGYOUTHUnsightly Grey and Faded HairWhy not have beautiful, dark, glossy,natural colored hair, full of life andbeauty keep yourself young lookingand fascinating? Its so easy andsimple to do if you will get a bottle ofHay's Hair Health today. You'll noticea change after one or two applicationshow quickly the grey hairs vanish-low glossy, full of life and vitalityHay's Hair Health will keep your hair.Don't waste time, get a bottle today.Your druggist is selling more Hay'sHair Health than all others, becausehe knows it's the most satisfactory,the nicest and cleanest to use andreally does restore color to grey hair.Free: Sign this adv. and take it to thefollowing druggists and ,get a 50c. bottle of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.cake of Harfina Soap for 50c; or $1.00toottle of Hay's Hair Health and two25c. cakes of Harfina Soap Free, for $1.L. OBERDORFER, Druggist,Paris, Ky.POULTRYiTO DISCOURAGE BROODY HENSThere Are Many Ways of Brea! rUp Broodiness Coop With Slatted Bottom Is Excellent.The end of the breeding seasonseems to be the appointed time forhens to get broody. Earlier in theyear when their services would havebeen most welcome great difficultywas experienced ,in finding sufficientto sit on the desired number of eggs.August is too late for the utilizing oftheir broodiness, unless a few duckeggs be set under some of them. Atthis time, too, the scarcity of eggsmakes it the desire of all poultrykeepers to break up their "broodies"and have them laying again as soon aspossible.There are many ways of breakinghens of broodiness, and the more barbarous ones such as tying the hen upby one leg, throwing cold water overher, or making her stand in watershould be forgotten and practiced nolonger. The same and better resultscan be obtained by more human methods. Placing the hen in an ordinary coop,with a slatted, bottom, and suspendingthe coop from the ceiling of the'" ;v -Coop for Broody Hens.scratching pen about a foot above thefloor by wires or chains attached tothe four corners has been found efficacious. A gentle swing whenever entering the pen will soon make thebirds desirous of joining their morebusy companions. A little Epsomsalts given in a mash and an abundantsupply of green food should be given.All foods which have the slightesttendency toward heat production, suchas corn, meat scraps, etc., must bewithheld for a few days.Take the bird in time. It is practically impossible to break a henafter allowing her to sit on a nestfor two or three days.It should always be rememberedthat in the ordinary course of naturea hen that has laid persistently allwinter and spring, demands a shortrest, which broodiness gives.ONE HOT WEATHER TROUBLEWhen Diarrhea First Makes Its Appearance It May Be Checked byUse of Charcoal.(By H. B. SPECK.?Diarrhea is one of the most common hot weather troubles in poultryof all ages, and when it makes itsfirst appearance, charcoal freely fedmay check or control the disorder. Diarrhea may be due to food or drinking water being foul with droppingsor other filth; to feeding impure,musty and moldy food; to overheating; to feeding in dusty, musty ormoldy litter; to unclean quarters anddampness; to overfeeding on meatfood or feeding' spoiled meat; to eating poisoned substances or to indigestion from any cause. The first thingto do when diarrhea makes its appearance is to find the cause and remove it. Drinking from filthy poolsin unclean runs after a sudden shower, or drinking barnyard seepage isa common cause of diarrhea in hotweather.DODLWNOresopenGive themhaveWatch the grit box.Keep all your houses wideday and night.Don't crowd your birds.all the range you can.See that your little chicksplenty of shade and water.Sell the rooster and buy an alarmclock. It's more useful now.Wheat and oats are better hotweather feedB than corn and Kafir.Don't forget to keep down the lice;just a little grease on top of chick'shead Is good.Be sure to Btore away some cloveror alfalfa hay this summer for the layers in cold weather.The cost of pure-bred stock is notso prohibitive but that it may be hadby all who raise poultry.Don't forget to sprinkle lime ondrop boards, not too much, for It ishard on the chickens' feet.The water vessel now needs a shelter from the sun instead of a heaterunder' it. Warm water Is no better insummer than in winter as a drink.r.VLy .inlippnifoHill.nil. .J"1'Zm i!,wr"fSVmmss"Thank Duke'sMixture for Them"rEvery member of your family will appreciate the many handsome, useful presents youcan get free with the coupons now packed inzttVASk&LaiHiSDuke's Mixture is one of the big favorite brands forboth pipe and cigarettes. Men everywhere prefer it because of its true natural tobacco taste. Duke's Mixtureis simply the choice leaves of fine Virginia and NorthCarolina bright leaf thoroughly aged, stemmed andcrumbled. It's impossible to get a purer smoke or amore likeable one than this mild, rich, fragrant LiggettSf Myers Duke's Mixture.One and a half ounces of this choice granulatedtobacco cost only 5c and with each sack you get a bookof cigarette papers FREE.The Presents are FREEThey do not cost you one penny. In each 5c sack ofLiggett 4 Myers Duke's Mixture we now pack a freepresent coupon. With these coupons you can get anyarticle described in our newillustrated catalogue of presents. Asa special offer.we will give you thiscatalog absolutelyFREE. Simply send usyour name and address.This offer expires December81, 1913.Coupons from DUKE'S MIXTURE ttugbe assorted with Tazs from HORSESHOE. J. T.. TINSLEY'S NATURALLEAF, GRANGER TWIST and couponsfrom FOUR ROSES ( 10c-ttn double coupon). PICK PLUG CUT, PIEDMONTCIGARETTES. CLIX CIGARETTES.andothe- tags and coupons issued by us.Premium Dept.ttIa iSPIiS8ieSft rvtjAmilliMmTfii i 111 I M iIMWi " miST. LOUIS. MO. nifilli' Al2?iK&i7niiAnd Some Wall Street Goats.Over 3,000,000 animals were slaughtered in New York last year, but atthat a lot of asses managed to maketheir getaway. Philadelphia Inquirer.Tyranny Over the Mind.I have sworn upon the altar of Godeternal hostility against every form oftyranny over the mind of man. Jefferson.Heat Lightning.Heat lightning is ascribed to distantlightning flashes which are below the.horizon, but illuminate the higherstrata of clouds so that their brightness is visible at great distances; theyproduce no sound, probably in consequence of the fact of their being so fairoff that the rolling of thunder cannot,reach the ear of the observer. CL. N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT MAY 4, 1913Trains ArriveNo. FROMAtlanta, Ga.. Dai'y 5.21 art.134 Lexington, Ky., Daily 5.18ami29 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.35 am7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.40 am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.22Jam37 Cincinnati, O., DBily 9.50 am?3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 am12 Lexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 am.33 Cincinnati, G. Daily 10.24 am?26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 m25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. 3.10 pm.9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pm,138 Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.33 pm38 Knoxville. Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5.35 pm?39 Cincinnati, O.. Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pur30 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6,06 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 am32 Jacksonville. Fla., Daily .6.18 pmJ liintjt. O., Daily. J jf. -. 10:50 pmiTred-Xs IDo-partNo. TO34 Cincinnati. 0., Daily 5.28 am4 Maysville, Ky . , Daily Except Sunday . 5-35 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am40 Cincinnati, 0., DailyExeepfc Sunday i 7.50 am10 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.50 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily T 9.57 am -37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily ". 9.55 am33 Jacksonville, .Fla. , Daily .' 10.20lam133 Lexington, Ky., Daily v 10.29 am6 Maysville, K., Daily ;! 12.05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.33pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily .. 3.4q pn9 Rowland, Ky., JJaily Except Sunday .- 5.56 pm-39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.58-pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily J. 6.23 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.20 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 6.35 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.55 pm31 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57 pmIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Tretixis ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily ExceptJSunda : 7.44 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ,.3.30 pmf8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Excepu Sunday '. . .5.5G prnTrains Depart! -fXNO. XU . - - -nAAtaiZS X37Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except ISunday w ; . jt7.44anC1 F ankfqrt, JKy. Daily Except Sunday :-. .- ?. . ,9.53am, 1 FrankfoW Ky - Daily JExcept Sunday ., TV . l55pX. s,v-4':- -" . - !:r;v7rjf :vj "vt!iKvwi5?.j3Bjr7J C. - -. t m -r .F .W.t ty - y.1r- W , ' Hf-v.THE BOURBONNEWS, PARIS, KY., AUGUST 15 1913frHTS HI HEALTHW. N, BarkleVAirs. W. N. B&rkleySPRAY OUTFIT HELPSEquipment Necessary Dependsoo Work to Be Done.nn.1&- iTruck Replaced Thre TeamsTHE FrWoman's Exchange & Cafe112 N. Upper Street,Lexinton9 KentuckymmRefined Women Give Thisthe PreferenceThe easiest way to "keep your hairMouthful-looking, to prevent it fromturning grey, is to use Hay's HairHealth. It gives absolute satisfactionand a few applications will restore natural color, give vitality to grey andladed hair and remove all traces ofDandruff. Beautiful natural colored,youthful-looking hair, more than anything else, contributes to a woman'sgood looks.Hay's Hair Health is keeping thousands of women's hair glossy, naturalcolored and beautiful. You'll neverregretgbuying it when you see the difference it makes in your appearance.Free: Sign this adv. and take it to thefollowing druggists and get a 50c. bottle of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.cake of Harfina Soap, Tor 50c; or ?1.00"bottle of Hay's Hair Health and two25c. cakes of Harfina Soap Free, for 1,Li. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky...Home-made Cakes, Breads, Pies, Candies, Croquetts, Salads, Pickles, ChowChow, l?tc, received fresh daily.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Supper; also lunches and short orders at allhours with the best the market aiiords.(28mar6mo)per FMLQfflcent. $woo to $io,o(i'oW. KING & SON,125Z Cheapside. Lexington, Ky.Sfil-3i,tfamalgamated arcthe Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important in thehome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by Retting the oil that burnsclear and clean without a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Costs no more than the Inferiortankwagon oils saves MONEY savesWORK saves eyes.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Chas. C. Stoll Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa. IWe sell the celebrated "No Carb" II Auto OIL INo matter whether the thermometerregisters 105 above or 25 below zero,Amalgamated Arc Roofingcan't be affected a particle.No matter the curves or valleys ofyour roof you need no tin to coverthem, for Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGis very pliable. It is the Perfect Roofing,and the insurance rate is no higher than.when slate or metal is used.We nuthorize our agents to refund the moneyif our Roofing Is not perfectly satisfactory.AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO.Chicago, IllinoisSold by Millersburg Coal andLumber Co.,Milfersburg, Ky.is Margaret K. Caden,310 Main Street, Iexiragtori, Ky.Special Display of. . . Summer Hats . .Moderate PricesteI MOUNTAIN EXCURSION fell1 Pitt Tuesday, August 26, 1913 ftt Ft Via "Calif ornia Special" ! Xt TO3 "The Land of the Sky" and "Sapphire Country"Round Trip Pares From Georgetown, Ky. 2X V ASHEVILLK, N. C $ 9.00 X;. WAYNES VILLE. N. C 10.0J)5 HENDERSONVJIIE, N. C 10.00 t- . I,AKE TOXAWAY, ST. C 11.00ItVARIABLE ROUTE FARES- Via 'Chattonootfa Historic Lookout Mountain enroute to and fromfinal destination: t- ASHEVILIE, N. C $10.50 'WAYNESNIIIE, N. C 11.50T HENDERSONNILLE 11.50 ILAKE TOXAWAY, N. C 12.50Return limit, Sept. 10, 1913. Liberal Stop-over privileges X..- Tickets good on ' Carolina Special" leav- t, g"g"""JjgJJJJ"J jng Georgetown, Ky., 8:30 p. m., also onIPiPHUPHPPPfHI a re2'uIar trains August 26, 1913." IlillSanEin 1 1blVaHllI or u inormation, printed matter andylMHrPWrv'PMHlS seePn8" car reservations, apply to nearest"t lBrTtllSHjl Ticket Agent, or write: XHHHHiHHH H- c- KING, Pass, and Ticket Agt., 101bBMHBHBBBBHBHBiHHH4 E. Main Street, Lexington, Ky. XZ (CN.O.&T.P.Rv.)and rnttfT "'Southern Railway Cincinnati, O.General Purpose Pump Should BeMade of Brass to Prevent CorrooV-ing by Copper Sulphate UsedIn Bordeaux Mixture.Pans Odorless Cleaning Co. 8lea's and Ladies' Suits Cleaned,Pressed and Repaired, .Ladies' Serge White Suits and Fancy Silks" our specialty.AH Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblocked to your satisfaction. ,e afl For end Deliver ork.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, fshort, 10c; long 25c.(By H. GARMAN.)The kind of a spraying outfit toget depends entirely on the kind ofspraying to be done and the extent ofthe work proposed. If one has a fewrose bushes or tomato plants about adwelling, or even a few small fruittrees, he can get along with a smallhand pump known as a bucket pump.With a little extra hose and a pole, ora' bamboo rod, with which to elevatethe nozzle, it is possible to spray treesManner ofSpraying WithSprayer.Knapsackeight or more feet in height with suchan outfit. Grape vines can be sprayedvery well with a bucket pump, provided there are not many of them. Ifthere are many vines to spray a knapsack sprayer may be best. This is avery convenient outfit for sprayingtobacco, potatoes and other lowgrowing plants, which from the manner of their cultivation, it is not practicable to go among with a team andwagon.For extensive spraying, it is wellto secure a strong pump attached toa barrel or tank that can be hauledabout in a cart or wagon. Handpumps so attached are used for smallorchards and other plants grown ina moderate way, but power pumps arenecessary for extensive spraying andfor that required by tall trees.A man engaged in fruit growing orpotato growing, as a business, oughtto have a power sprayer of some sort,either operated by the wheel of thevehicle carrying the outfit, as in thecompressed-air sprayers, or by a gasoline motor.A general purpose spray pumpshould be -made of brass so that itwill not be corroded by the coppersulphate used in bordeaux mixture.Nozzles, too, should be made of brass,and ought to be constructed so thatthey can be quickly cleaned of solidparticles that may lodge in the outlet.The pump." will last longer and givebetter service if washed out with clearwater whenever done using them.Hose should be of the best. Fortrees it is well to have a sufficientlength so that the nozzle can be elevated on the end of a pole among thebranches. The precise length will depend upon the size of the trees. Fororchard work a length of 10 to 15feet will serve when the pump isoperated from a wagon bed. Forshude trees of large size it may benecessary to have 50 feet or more.The hose ought always to be detached,drained and hung up in a cool placeafter using. A cellar is as goodplace as any that is commonly available.$150,000 PAID FOR HORSEGovernment of Argentina Buys Crag-anour, Which Was Disqualified inRecent English Derby.The sum of $150,000 was paid recently by the government of Argentina for the horse Craganour, whichwas first past the winning post in therecent derby race, but "was disqualified for bumping. Only on fouroccasions has the price paid forCraganour, which is to be used forbreeding purposes in Argentina, beenexceeded in the amount paid for arace horse. These were Ormonde,which was sold for $156,250 to anAmerican sportsman; Cyllene, whichwent to an English sportsman for$157,500; Diamond Jubilee, sold to anArgentine breeder for $157,500, andFlying Fox, which holds the recordfor price and was sold to a Frenchsportsman for $196,875..In eleven months this three-ton KisselKar Truck covered in actual service,4,760 miles at a fuel cost of $1.08 per day. Manned by a driver and one helper;it replaced three teams of horses. The average daily burden wJ?37 17.20thstons. It carried an average load of four tons one ton overload but in the entire period named, was laid up only two and one-half hours for repairs."We can recommend the KisselKar Truck and assure that it lives up to itsguarantee," writes Thomas E. Fleischer, manager of the Sheboygan Lime Works.Two and one-half hours for repairs, carrying over 37 tons per day is a jrecord worthyof notice. KisselKar Trucks cost little to maintain and are economical to operate becausethe problem is solved in KisselKar construction.Note these striking KisselKar features Simple engine easy to operate reserve powerexcess capacity differential lock preventing one drive wheel absorbing all the power onslippery places, and stalling the truck four speed transmitters geared up fourth speedpermitting high speed when desired without racing engine ; 15 to 20 per cent, lower fuelconsumption than average trucks light spring suspension for power plant, heavy springsuspension for load gauge that weighs load greatest accessibility e'asy control largerbrake drums, and extra powerful brakes special bodies designed to meet every need.JCiSseljrCar 7Jmck&1 500 lbs.-1 -2-3-4 and 5 TonsIn the range of capacity, 1500 lbs. to 5 tons, you can find just the type that fills yourrequirements and with the KisselKar Truck goes the KisselKar Service, which is themanufacturer's guarantee of satisfaction.KisselKar Service means taking off your hands all of the mechanical details.A special service building is maintained in this city for the benefit of KisselKar owners.The KisselKar service is a broad and comprehensive arrangement between manufacturer andowners that cares for the car, maintains efficiency, retards depreciation and minimizes upkeep. This service is a valuable consideration in the purchase of a power wagon. Investigate it.Ask us to analyze your present horse haulage ss compared to motor haulage. The result will be interesting.Send for free book showing KisselKar Trucks in actual use in your line and many otherlines'bf business.The Following Lines of business Have Recentlybought Kissel-Kar TrucksIron and Steel, Lumber, Textile, Milling, Giocery, Dry Goods, Dairy, Furniture, Fruit, Commission, Transfer, Bus, Hotel, Caterer. Brewery, Building Supplies, Contracting, Plumbing, Canning, Oil, Telephone,laundry, Bakery, Confectionery, Ice, Coal, Farming, Hardware, Ice Cream, Creamery, Produce, Crockery, Undertaking and to municipalities in Fire, Health and Police departments. We make them to suittheneeds ofan business.1 PhcPhone 21 05.O. R. HUKLE,51 3 West Main Street,Lexington, Ky,IICorn for Silage.Corn for silage should be plowedonly one way. . The corn should bedrilled in the row and thinned to onestalk to the foot. A small-sized stalkand ear is much more preferable forsilage than the large stalk and earthat usually results where the cornis cultivated for feed.' Milkweeds Poison Sheep.If sheep are poisoned' by milkweed.and the evidence seems to be fairlyconclusive that they are, it is onlywhen there is little else to eat, forsheep do not eat milkweeds undernormal conditions.THREE KILLED INOWSLEY BATTLE.Three men were killed and one injured in 'a general fight that grew outof the primary election in the upperBuffalo Creek district in Owsley county, according to adispatch receivedfrom London, Ky. The names of thedead as given are Gilbert Harris,Claude Gilbert, that of the woundedman as Sid Gabbard.At Sterns, Homer Powell wras shotand killed in a quarrel relating to alocal contest. The authorities areseeking Burrell West, who is accused.According to information receivedfrom Nicholas county, Charles andWigg Bowen were probably fatallystabbed in a fight with John Drierlyand Gabe Ritchie. It is said theyquarreled over the merits of rival candidates.About Stamps.Do not lick stamps. The best wayis to moisten the envelope and not thestamp. When stamps stick together,do not soak them apart, but lay themon a smooth surface with a thin paperover them. This separates withoutdestroying the gum.Place for Drinking Vessels.Drinking vessels placed in the henhouses should be put on a shelf thatis raised at least six inches from theground, or the fowls will scratch alot of dirt into the water.Tuberculosis Among Hogs.Tuberculosis affects hogs. During,1912 the government inspectors con--'demnedabout one million carcassesand parts of carcassea for this 'digease. .Reflection on the Judges."There are cross-roads there, yourworships. Your worships know themwell; they are close to a public-house,"said a constable at the Kingston(Eng.) police court.Pony For Sale.Extra nice Shetland pony, gentle foichildren. Broke to ride and drimHe is a two-year-old and a well madeanimal. The price is right.L. T .LILLESTON,july3-3t Paris, Ky.M. A. CAHAL.Barber SHop.Kentucky State FairSEPTEMBER 15 to 20, 1913The Kentucky State Fair will offer to the fannersand livestock exhibitors an opportunity to exhibit thebest products of their farms and best specimens oflivestock and to the women an opportunity to displaytheir handiwork and cookery at the 1913 Fair, forwhich liberal premiums are offered.$30,000 in Premiums6-BIG DAYS-6 Reflncea Bailroaft Rates- For Information, Entry Blanks, Catalog, Etc., addressJ. L. DENT, Secretary,705 PAUL JONES BUILDING LOUISVILLE!First-Class Workmen.Polite and Prompt Attentionto AH.Hot and Cold BathsWe Thank You For a Share ofYourPatronage. ;Mr. Kentucky FarmerIf we told you of a crop which brought a cash incomethe year around, made the soil richer every year and required noskilled labor to handle it,Wouldn't That Be The Crop For You?You have this opportunity. The Tri-State Butter Companyi Cincinnati, Ohio, will buy your cream the year around, pay spotcash for every shipment and give you a market thatisresponsiDle,safe and permanent, and proven so to more than 5,000 shippers.No skilled labor is required to ship cream. Separate the milk,,ship when convenient to you twice a week in the summer seasonand not quite so often in the winter time.Every cow will pay cash for what she eats, yielding a revenueof from $50.00 to $90.00 per year, besides adding $25.00 worth offertility to your soil. .Ship.your cream to-day, or write for free trial cans.The Tri-State; Butter Company,Cincinnati, Ohio. . Capital 5t 7rMW-1HL B0UR30N NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 15, 1913, AF!WW. 'NEWS OF MILLERSBUFLuMr. Paul Smith is at Waco, Tex.for a two weeks' visit.Miss Lelia Gault, of Mayslick, islie guest of Miss .Olive Fislier.Attend the public sale of the JoeW. Mock property Saturday, Aug. 16,Misses Mary and Kizzie Mae HeDaniel are visiiting relatives in Cynthiana. Mrs. Joe W. Mock and childrenare visiting their aunt, Mrs. Drennan,at CamMr. Chs. Wright, of Maysville, isthe guest of his sister, Mrs. C. C.' Chanslor.Mr. Russell Caldwell, of Mays-lick is the guest of his parents, Mr. andJMrs. J. D. Caldwell. ,Rev. and Mrs. H. R. Laird, ofLouisville, arrived Tuesday to he theguests of friends here.Miss Elizabeth Clifford left Tuesday for a visit to her sister, Mrs. William Smart, at Cowan.Mr. and Mrs. C B. Bastin, of Lancaster, are guests of her parents, Mrand Mrs. Clemons Insko.Miss Marha Green Sharp has returned to her home, at Maysville, aftera two weks' visit to Mrs. J. C. Leer.Miss Bettie Maris left Tuesdayfor her home at London, Ky., after avisit to Misses Mattie and Lucia Butler. Col C. M. Best is at Lawrenceburg, Harrodsburg, Shelbyville and3Danville this week in the interest of3i. M. I.Mr. and Mrs. R. O. Chambers andson, Mr R. K. Chambers, of Sardis, arrived Wednesday as guests of Mr. and"Mrs. R. M. Johnson.Mrs. Mattie Hawes was the guestof Mrs. Harry Renick, at Lexington,Wednesday and Thursday, and took inthe Blue Grass Fair.Misses Gladys and Amelia Hurstliave returned after a few weeks' visit to their grandparents, Mr. and Mrs.Ed Cochran, a Elizaville.Misses Lulu and Frances OneyTeturned Tuesday to their home inLexington, after a few days' visit toher sister, Mrs. Chas. Martin.Mrs. Ed Cochran and granddaughter,Miss Lulu Hinton, of Elizaville,and Miss Alma Hurst, of Lexington,are guests of Mrs. Minnie Hurs.Mr. and Mrs. H. W. Andersonand little daughter, Georgia Madeline,lioiTfl -fzsfiiT-nori r thoir linmp nfr Paris rHave returned to tneir nome at ransrewS) jessamine; R.after a few days' visit to their parents, w Hord, Madison;Mr. and Mrs. lx. w. unnora.Dr. and Mrs. C. C. Fisher anddaughter, Miss Elizabeth Fisher, madea tour of Central Kentucky Wednesday and Thursday, in he interest of M.F. C. Miss Ethel Fisher has accepteda position in a college in Tennessee,and left Monday. Her school will begin at once and will not adjourn untilnext June.Kev. and Mrs. H. R. Laird weregiven a reception on the lawn of thePresbyterian church Thursday evening from 7:30 until 10 by the ladiesof he church. Rev. Laird was pastorof the local Presbyterian church herefor ten years and has been absentabout six years. In that time he hasreturned to Millersburg on three or -!We Are CompelledOur Store in crowded with Summer Footwear and rather than the risk ofcarrying these goods over to next season, we have decided to resort to thisgreat sacrifice sale. We are going to make this sale a record breakerOf course it takes bargains, great, big rousing bargains to bring a crowd,and this is just what we have to offer. Read the prices that follow:Misses' and Children's $2.50 values in button oxfords and two-straps, patent and fl-f Cgun metal. Mark-down Price 9 IbwMisses' $1 .50 patent tan, white and gun QrQitmetal pumps. Mark-down Price 7 WWChildren's $2.00 pumps.Mark-down PriceMen's $4 Oxfords, tan, patent and gun metal,Walk-Over included. 49 Q"Mark-down Price -. W Mm m W WMen's $3.50 Oxfords, in patent, gun metaland tan. 49 AjOkMark-down Price bf mm m "TMen's $3 Oxfords in tan, patent and gun metal.Latest styles.Mark-down PriceMen's $2.50 Oxfords in button and fl4 A CIlace. Mark-down Price W IiHPvOne lot of Men's Oxfords, broken sizes, QC$2 and $3 values. Mark-downPrice WWW! 3D-A.IT .C6H ENfour occasions, and he is always givena hearty welcome.Mr. Joel W. Mock was in Maysville Wednesday on business.Mrs. D. M. Hurst and son, Mr.Harlan Hurst, left Wednesday for atwo weeks' sojourn at SwangoSprings.Misses Agnes Wadell and Margaret Peterson left Wednesday to spendthe. remainder of the week with Mrs.E. T. Beeding, at Lexington, and takein the Blue Grass Fair.The Joe W. Mock property, ahandsome residence and 8 acres ofland in Millersburg, will be sold to thehighest and best bidder, Saturday,Aug. 16, at 2 p. m. This is -an opportunity to secure a desirable home. Donot gorget the date. 12-2The twenty-second annual meeting of the General Board of Directorsof the Hurst Home Insurance Company was held in Millersburg on Wednesday. The report of the Auditing Committee showed that the company had inassets $7,500 in excess of liabilites;that the company had gained in insurance in force for the year endingAugust 1, 1913 the sum of $220,045,had met the heavy losses of the yearpromptly and is in excellent condition.The territor of the company wasvoted to be extended so as to includeits present territory and the followingcounties in Kentucky: Woodford,Garrard, Mercer Shelby, Henry, Owen,Franklin, Anderson, Oldham andBoyle. It was decided to begin operating in Woodford county the presentyear.The board by a unanimous vote indorsed the application of Mrs. MinnieHurst for the position of Postmistressof Missersburg, and requested a copyof the resoultions be given to Hon. J.Campbell Cantrill, and the BourbonCounty Democratic Committee be requested to indorse the application ofMrs. Hurst.It was stated in the resolutions thatthe company had more than doubledhe receipts of the postoffiec in Millersburg since it began operations twentythree years ago.W. M. Burroughs, J. G. Blair andT. W. Current were elected as members of the Executive Committee. O.H. Collier was recommended to the Executive Committee as Inspector ofProperty.Those present were: Directors W.W. Clark and W. C. Hall, Bath county; C. H. Dalzell and W. F. Heathman,Bourbon; Jasper McDonald and L. B.Cockrell, Clark; H. C. Payne, Fayette;F. S. Jameson and Darbin Wilson,Harrison; Wm. Marr and J. T. Math-t : -r T Ttt-i. A TL. Potts and J.J. T. Coons andW. H. Ramsey, Montgomery; J. G.Blain and R. L. Gillispie, Nicholas;J. B. aPrther and J. F. Bailey, Scott;and agents J. Hood Smith, N. S. Terry, J M. Roberts and J. E. Smith, Fayette Vaunghn, I. D. Yocum, C. S. Templeman, R. S. Sprake.RANKIN ENTERS CONTESTOF PARKER ELECTION.The Democratic nomination for thetoffice of Sheriff of Nicholas couny,which was won by William T. Parker,present deputy Sheriff, by a majorityof two votes, on the official count, isbeing contested by his opponent, H.. Rankin.$1.39iCl CI CI10 laWWNow Going On IL NOTESMr. Grover C. Fitzgerald and MissElizabeth Thomas, of Nicholas county,secured a marriage license in this city.GRIFFITH-MANGUM.An Athens, Ga., paper "of recentdate, contained the following announcement: "Mrs. G. E. Griffeth, of Athens, Ga.,announces the engagement of herdaughter, Lila Lee, and Dr. O. R.Mangum, pastor of the First BaptistChurch, Paris, Ky., the wedding totake rlace in the early fall."GALVAN-ELAM.The marriage of Miss Addie Gal-vin to Mr. Berry Elam was quietlycelebrated Wednesday evening at 8o'clock at the residence of the officiating minister, Rev. C. O. Cossaboom, inMillersburg. Both the bride and groomreside at 'Osgood, this county, andcame to Paris Wednesday afternoonin an automobile, securing a marriagelicense and went to Millersburg, wherethey were united in marriage.KISER-DAVISMr. and Mrs. James T. 'Kiser announce the engagement of their daughter, Jimmie Belle, to Mr. EgbertLusk Davis.The bride-to-be is a very popularyoung lady, being a member of thegraduating class of 1911 at BourbonCollege, and for the past two yearshas been one of our Bourbon countyteachers.The groom-to-be is a very popularyoung employe of the L. & N. R. R.,and is the son of Mrs. N. E. Davis andbrother of Dr. L. A. Davis, of Berea.The wedding is to be a very quietone early in the fall.JOHN S. RHEA ACCEPTSAPPOINTMENT AS JUDGEFormer Congressman John S. Rhea,of Russellville, has accepted the appointment as Judge of the Seventhdistrict to succeed W. P. Sandidge, resigned. J. C. Browder, also 'of Russellville, and Representative J. W. Forgy, of Elkton, and John J. Milliken, ofFranklin, were candidates.The appointment of Mr. Rhea to thebench makes a change in the ThirdCongressional district situation. Mr.Rhea was expected to enter for thenomination again against Congressman Thomas, but this appointmenteliminates him as a factor in thatrace. Thomas Thomas, of BowlingGreen, is now said to be the most likely candidate" in opposition to Congressman Thomas in the primary nextyear, if any opposition at all is offered,to his renomination.SEASON TICKETS FOR FAIRARE PLACED ON SALE.Season tickets for the Bourbon Fairwhich will begin Tuesday, August 19,and continue throughout the weektiave been placed on sale at the following places: Ford & Co., Lowry &Talbott, Shire & Fithian, Frank & Co.,Logan Howard and Ed. Slattery. Thetickets can be secured for .$2 for thefive admissions, and can be used forsingle admissions or five admissionsfor one day. They must be purchasedbefore the opening of the fair Tuesdayand will not be for sale on the grounds.Cil2i0OSS&To UnloadMATR M0N1AInfant's and Children's pumps and oxfordsin patent and tan, $1 values, sizes 2 to 7 4kOkfMark-down Price ... 5 wLadies' $3 values, all latest style pumps and oxfordsin velvets, satin, tan and gun metaland white, the very- best values 1 ClGlmade. Mark-down Price :..pl I 7 7Misses' barefoot sandals, all sizes. Now 49cLadies' $3.50 values, all popular leathers and fab-rics, in pumps and oxfords, button Gt 5Cand lace. Mark -down Price 9 10 57 ILadies $2 and $2.50 grades two-strap pumps and Iovfnrrls in vflvft and pun metal. kk . wMark-down Price 7 7Ladies' $2 pumps and oxfords in patent, gun metaland white pumps. fc1 A QMark-down Price 7 I "fwLadies' white canvas button shoes. t ZMark-down PriceOne lot small sizes ladies'Mark-down PriceSTOCK ID FARM NOTESForeign buyers purchased mostall of the mules offered on the marketat Greensburg Monday. The condition of the crops has created such uneasiness among the farmers that theyseem willing to dispose of all theirsurplus stock.A very heavy movement of livestock from Nicholas county has set intoward the river markets. ManyNicholas county formers say they arewithout water for their stock, andwith the prospects for little or no feedthey are selling off all the surplusstock.The Directors of the KentuckyAsociation at a meeting at LexingtonTuesday morning, voted that an aggregate of $21,000 be added to thepurses to be given during the nipnedays of the fall meeting at Lexington, beginning Sept. 11. This is an increase of approximately $350 per dayin the added money.One ofJ;he biggest sales of fat cattle made for some time was consummated when J. H. Baughman, of Stanford, sold to Monte Fox for the NewYork market a bunch of sixty-eighthead at 8 cents. The cattle were fedon grass, and weighed at the time ofdelivery 1,402 pounds, each.Offers of $15 per hundred are nowbeing made on every hand in Nicholascounty, but the tobacco growers areholding off on the present prospectfor a short crop. They say that everyday of the drouth is cutting the cropshorter and making 'the early tobaccomore valuable.The drouth, which has practicallyruined the corn crop in many sections,has caused an overwhelming demandon the Department of Agriculture atFankrfort for silo building assistance.Two men are in the field superintending the work of erection for afrmers,I but Commissioner Newman said thathe could keep 100 men busy if all therequests that have reached him in thelast week should be granted this summer. The corn in many countiesamounts to nothing more than shortfodder, with some nubbins. The pasure is burned up and the farmers nowwant to convert the whole stock intosilage.NEW RATES FORTOBACCO HOUSES.The State Insurance Rating Boardsent out notices Tuesday to the insurance companies of the new basicrates for tobacco insurance to go intoeffect today. The companies havethirty days in which to protest therates. The board estimates hat thenew rates will effect a reduction of 40to 46 per cent, on brick loose leafwarehouses, and 23 to 33 per cent, onthe contents; 15 to 27 per cent, onframe loose leaf warehouses and 15 to21 per cent, on the contents. Theschedule does not include rates on tobacco factories.A SURE CURE GUARANTEE.If your fowls have cholera, roup,limberneck, white diarrhea, or blackhead, use Laughlin's Cholera Cure andif it don't cure I will refund ' yourmoney.F. B. LAUGHLIN.12-2t E. T. Phone 836at One7 7 Ioxfords 4 IWwV I1JDEATHS AND FUNERALSSHOUTS. fThe body of little Edna HannahShouts, aged .about three years, whodied at- the home of her parents, Mr.an dMrs. Samuel Shouts, in Lexington Wednesday, was -brought to thiscity yesterday afternoon and enteredin the Paris cemetery. Mr. and Mrs.Shouts formerly resided in this city,Mr. Shouts being the son of Mr. andMrs. Samuel Shouts, of Paris. Th.eservices over the remains were conducted by Rev. J. T. Sharrard.M'CNAMARA.Mr. Edward McNamara, aged 67years, died at the W. W. Massie Memmorial Hospital Wednesday eveningabout 9:30 o'clock, after a short illness of pneumonia. Mr. McNamarahad been suffering with the diseasefor several days and on Monday evening was moved to the institntion.Mr. McNamara was born in Ireland,and at the age of nineteen emigratedto America, locating in Bourbon county where he has since resided. For anumber of years he had been employed as nightwatchman at the plant ofthe Paris Distilling Co., and was soengaged at the time he was strickenwith illness. ,Being of a genial disposition Mr.McNamara made . many friends andwas well liked and admired by all whoknew him. He wasJ never marriedand is survived by two brothers,Messrs. Thomas McNamara, of California, and James McNamara, of thiscity. He ws an uncle of Messrs. Dennis McNamara, of Boston, Mass., andWilliam Mack, of Detroit, Mich., Mrs.James D. Calhoun and Mrs. Kate Carpenter, of Millersburg.The funeral services willbe heldatthe Catholic Church tomorrowmorning at 9 o'clock, conducted byRev. Father Eugene DeBruyn. Burialin the Paris Catholic cemetery.The pall-bearers will be M. J. LavinGeorge McWilliams, Benjamin Hough,Edward Mitchell, Edward Burke, M.J. Murphy.CUT PRICES ON RUGSAND CARPETS.Big reductions on rugs, carpets andfurniture atJ.vT. HINTON'S.'d$&F&siixr-j3&2zriiS r.'i&iBju&tt&mIf U Ssn'J an Eastman, it isn't a Kodak, mWe make it a point to carry only goods of knownqualit and established reputation. Thatis why youwill find only the genuine Kodak goods-in ourcamera department.KODAKSand Kodak 'Supplies, of all kinds, alwayson hand, and always new. Eastman N. C.Film, the film with twenty-seven years'experience behind it.HEADQUARTERS POR KODAK SUPPLIES.DAUGHERTY BROS.. W OT - . - -Mi WmmXmJzzAL ha&vestvidv-w vi YMfm&xy waasisi ' " Jg5SBANKIt doesn't matter whether you are a farmer or not2,YOUR HARVEST is the money you earn. Who gets the,money you earn? Te farmer saves some of his grain forseed. You should put some of yours in barik for seed. Nothing will" grow if you plant nothing. The money you haveSPENT will not protect your old age the money you plantin Our Bank WILL."Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interes!; on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.Capital, 5100,000.00.NERVE SAVED HER LIFE.An Englishman in traveling through -Ceylonwas the guest of a, dockyardofficial at Trincomalie. "The dinnerwas excellent, but when it was abouthalf over I was startled by hearing thewife of my host tell the native servant to place a bowl of milk ona deerskin near her chair."Although she spoke as calmly as ifgiving an ordinary order, I knew atonce that there was a snake somewhere in the room, for they prefermilk to anything else. As a hastymovement might have meant certaindeath, we all sat like statutes; but,for all that, my eyes were inspectingevery nook and corner with a peepunder the table."However, it was not until the milkwas placed on the deerskin that thesnake appeared. And then, to ouramazement a large cobra uncoiled itself from the hostess' ankle and glided toward the bowl when, of course, itwas immediately killed."But just fancy the nerve of thewoman, though she fainted when the 'thing lay dead on the floor. Howmany could have remained motionlessunder such circumstances?"DON'T FORGET THE PLACE.Don't forget that we have removedoyr store ta the old Fee Grocery stand.Great bargains in every departmentthis week to make room for Fall goods,r "xrATTrixrAT. t; p-m ni?.VT ctopp11 aTA. J. AV11 i.J-J J JO JLVJ JU11 J. UX VlbJUFORCING PLANTS TOABSORB MORE IRONOfficials of the agricultural experiment station in Vienna, Austria, areconducting experiments with a viewto increase, if possible, the amount ofiron absorbed by certain plants, forthe purpose of ascertaining the effecton the human body when these plantsare used as food.As artificially prepared fods containing iron do not always producethe desired effect, because the iron isnot completely used by the digestiveorgans. It is to be hoped that thisdifficulty may be overcome by forcingplants to take up a larger quantity ofiron during .their growth.The experimenters have alreadysucceeded in growing spinach containing approximately seven timesmore iron than is found in ordinaryspinach, by adding hydrate of iron tothe soil, and ic is believed that theprocess may be successfully used withother plants of the same class.PTmuK VSdFKSSs aP?C3?GK3F?9CK ..- - .- . yS3gaSBMg55BaEl 'PUT IT AWAYOUR.TWILL ALWAYS i-BE HERE WHEN iYOU NEEDJT. is Surplus, $40,000.00.mjftkPresidentC. K. THOMASCASHIERraW ! - x