Al UTHE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARvlVOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JUNE 20 1913JUDGE REED PRESIDINGc!-Special Judge Receives Report ofGraVid Jury Which Adjourns.Biing Us YourWatch WorkWe are EfficientWe are PromptTry its.I wt -I kik's SpecialsW . $21ftlbs. the BestEastern Sugar(With a $3.00 Purchase)$1.00jftl 3-lb Hunters tfrand rie reacnes 3tB Pork and Beans, per can 7c Wfa Kegular 10c size f5f Fancy Dried Peaches, per lb 1 OcW " These are the 15c and 20c grade.Xf i- ijj. i-aii Ji. ji.iimi vx. waunvj' u j.j.ditiw.t)xiw -iJudge William Reed, of Paducali,appointed by Governor James B. McCreary as a special judge to reconvene court which was adjourned lastweek by Judge Robert L. Stout, onaccount of the death of his brother-in-law,Mr. Harry Offutt, in Boston,Mass., arrived in this city Tuesdaymorning and reconvened the sessionnf 1io Tun o tormThe case of Aris Wiggins against UpThos. McClintock, an action for the lrecovery 01 money aiiegea 10 De aue .on a mule transaction. The plaintiff i wfailed to secure a judgment, but thejury allowed him the sum of $35 forthekeep o" the mule.Two Commonwealth cases are assigned for trial today Ernest Brookins, under indictment for shootingwith intent to kill and Harry Prebble,who was indicted by the grand juryat the present term for detaining awoman against her will, oThe grand jury made its final report Wednesday afternoon and wasdischarged. Eight endictments werereturned and bench warrants issuedby the court have been placed in thehads of the sheriff. The indictmentswill be withheld until the bench warrants have been served. The reportwas accepted by the court when thejury was discharged from furtherservice. It is as follows:"To the Hon. Judge of the Bourbon-"- Circuit Court:"May it Please Your Honor Wethe June grand jury of the BourbonCircuit Court, respectfully submit thisour final report:"We have investigated conscientiously all maters which were properlybefore us, or of which we had knowledge, and we have returned indictments in such cases as the evidencejustified."We have visited the county poorfarm and find it in its usual good condition, and well kept, and from thestatements of the inmates them-aeivca, mcj' aic wen tuicu iui."We have visited the county jail j $$and find that it is kept in an excellent sanitary condition, and thatthe beds and bedding are clean. Alsofrom the statements of the inmates,they are properly fed and cared forby the jailer."Having fully fulfilled our duties, werespectfully request that we be discharged. J. D. BOOTH, Foreman."WE KNOW HOWJ?Let YourMoney Do ItvIf Your Money Was HumanIt Would Not Want To, BeExchanged For Clothing Unless it Was Dollar For DollarValue.Bon't let your money buy just Clothing, Make, kBuy the RealDependable Clothing -The kind that is backed up by a guarantee from theright kind of a merchant. Dollar for dollar valuedare assured when you purchase Clothing from thisstore, and you will find this same rule applies toevery dollar's worth of merchandise bought here.itJ isCOMPLIMENTS PARIS BOY.fLOURLancaster's Pride251b. Sack $ .8050 lb. Sack 1.60'100 lb. Sack 3.15We Have Fresh fish Every FridayT. C. LENfflAIN.Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234(OSThe Carlisle Mercury has the followingaccount of an entertainment inthat city which was directed by Mr.Ray Clark, of this city: "The entertainment given by local talent for thebenefit of the Carlisle Fire Department at the Opera House Tuesdaynight was a decided success Mr.Ray Clark, of Paris, proved himselfa first-class director and manager.This entertainment was gotten upand staged in one week. Much praiseand thanks is due to those who assisted M. Clark in this play."Stetson Shoes andStetson HatsManhattan Shirts inbright, snappySpring stylesiMitchell & Blakemore,Paris, KentuckyOutfitters to MenTHE BIG SHOW.fw" " !jisy&ySee all the shows at the carnivaland then remember that the only bigshow of the week will be The Mississippi Minstrel & Deuel Bros.' Showscombined in mamouth tent on Secondstreet, between Houston and Mainstreets. Some parade at noon. GitThe Habit.DECORATORS NOW READY.My decorators have completed alarge number of papering contracts,and having caught up with theworkwe are now ready to hang paper onshort notice. .Call and select fromthe most complete stock of wall paper in Kentucky.J. T. HINTON.'$ SLHQixiiiiiiiiiiiiiJixijjrxisixiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiriiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiLirsFRANK & CO. 1The Store Where Reliability Reigns. 1..&BmillII Straw Hats andPanama HatsIn all the Latest Styles and atPrices in Reach of Everybody.- jt & jtSummer UnderwearB. V. D. in Union Suits in Separate Garments.Plain Balbriggin in Union -Suits and Separate Garments Porus Knit in Union Suits and Separate Garments.Scrivea in Union Suits and Separate Garments.Our Prices on Underwear 25 to $2PRKM 60. flowersIPwBffcmMANSLAUGHTER VERDICT.Newt. Arnold Convicted of SlayingHarry 3ailey.2?femmkWmIBvilj43s and FurnishersmmMMMMmMmymM VJM. JV A'i M JSSUSI!IWBSWSKSSIS-- - ' - - - -M.W UW&g-RmThe jury in the case of the Commonwealth vs. Newton Arnold, ofBourbon, .for the murder of HarryBailey in Cynthiana on' January 27,last, returned verdict of manslaughterin the Pendleton Circuit Court Wednesday. The case was taken to Falmouth on a change of venue grantedby Judge Fryer in the Harrison Circuit Court on 'March 6 last. The trialwas begun Monday morning and a jurywas empaneled that day and the taking of testimony begun.The jury was as folows: R. M.Fields, F. M. Barnhill, George Dance,N. J. Cleveland, J. E. Blassingame,G. M. Davis, G. W. Wells, G. Wv. Hendricks, J. F. Marquardt, O. M. Florence, ElmonN Young and Edward Colbert. The Commonwealth ' charged thatArnold was the aggressor throughoutthe trouble, which arose over the attempted collection from Arnold of aclaim given to Bailey as attorney.The Commonwealth witnesses testifiedthat Arnold called Bailey a vile nameand struck him, thus provoking thefight that followed.On the other hand, the defense contended that Bailey accosted Arnold onthe street with the staement thatArold had not settled the debt In thefight that followed Arnold claimedthat he shot in self-defense, as hefeared he was in danger " of beingchoked to death.The case went to the jury at 8:15Tuesday night and the verdict wasrendered at 10:15 o'clock; Wednesdaymorning.A motion for a new trial was madebefore Judge JFryor who overruled it.Arnold's attorneys will carry the case33I); .Summer GoodsOur Stock of Wash Materials for Summer Suits, Dresses,Skirts and Coats comprise all the new weaves and coloringsRatines Linens v Piquest Cordalines Crepe VoilesWith trimming suitable for same.Ready-to-Wear GarmentsGingham and White Dresses for Misses and Children.White and Colored Washable Suits, Dresses and Skirtsfor Ladies and Misses.t For Your Summer TripTryone of our Trunks or Suit CasesWOOLEN SUITSWe have on hand about twenty-five Suits all thisSpring's, styles, mostly small sizes. This is a spleddid opportunity to buy a good suit at just a little more than theprice of a skirt. Why not buy one for your daughter'snextFall school Suit? 'Twould be economical.PRICES HERESBare as low as consistent with high-grade merchandisejveoffer. Come in and inspect our stock. We want your trade.I FRANK Sc Carm in niiiiiiLiiiL wwrHttwuHiimmmi w mm i wiiiiiiiiiniiiit 1 1 1 1 1 1 rru i in i iiuiiiiHjaiiiiiiuiiiuin i9mmmmmmmwmmmmwmmimmIi8to the Court of Appeals." iowciw33SBSBsamaqai!Haoti.ri. . ., . in'tyy-? 1 "-- rfaTfrsi!af-r-1frmsn,.flm,AJia(THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY. JUNE 20 1913!. i iJV-2iIMomaBiiiapwHMWB0 '7! !onoes KJiaito Overt cutNew models and exclusive patterns areshown at all times in our display of Women'sFootwear. Every pair of these Shoes alsoshow elegance of finish and grace in each particular line. We can give you fitting qualitiesin Shoes which cannot be excelled, and as toservice, it need only be said that our Shoes aremade by the best Shoe makers in the world.We can give them to you in widths as narrowas AA.We invite your inspection.IGeo. McLPhones 301$Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.s&0fafafafafafafahifafafafaBourbonWBBjjBSS7Paris Kentuckyvxr.r.........r..iL...y..r......iGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALHERBOTHTHOSTES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.M. A. CAHAL.Barber Shop.First-Class Workmen.Polite and Prompt Attentionto AH.Hot and Cold BathsWe Thank You For a Share ofYour Patronage.Trees Trees TreesFruit and Ornamentals, Strawberries, Shrubs, Hedging:, Grapes, Asparagus, Rheubarb, Roses, Peonies,Phiox, etc.Everything for Orchard, Lawn and'Garden. NoJAgents.H. F. HILLENMEYER & SONS,Lexington, Ky.'A WIRED HOUSEBSTWCTiyUPTOWTEryffuippeaiomanIWilliams9The Shoe ManIfafawfafaWest 5 StreetfatwWe'Take Pleasure.in ''oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo- fine work and itdever goes heck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeLaundry,fafafaKentucky Traction andTerminal Co.INTERURBAN SCHEDULELve. Lexington Lve. Parisfor Paris For Lexington.x6.00 a m 6.45 a m. 7.20 a m , x7.30 a mx8.00 a m 8.15 a m8.50 a m x9.00 a m10.20 a m 9.45 a m11.50 am ' 11.15 a m1.20 p m 12.45 p m2.50 p m 2.15 p m3.30 p m 3.45 p m4.20 p m 4.30 p m5.00 p m 5.15 p m8.00 p m 6.00 p m7.20 p m 6.45 p m9.10 p m 8.15 p m11.00 p m 10.05 p mx Daily Except Sunday.Take Plenty of Time to Eat.There is a saying that "rapid eatingis slow suicide." If you have formedthe habit of eating too rapidly you aremost likely suffering from indigestionor constipation, which will result inserious illness eventually unless corrected. Digestion begins first in themouth. Food should be thoroughlymasticated and insalivated. Thenwhen you have a fullness of the stomach or feel dull and stupid after eating, take one of Chamberlain's Tablets. Ma?y severe cases of stomachtrouble and constipation havebeen cured by the use of these tabletsThey are easy to take and are mostagreeable in effect. Sold by all dealHE BOURBON NEWSPAftIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 1881 30. Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .$2.00-Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, -20 cents per line, each issue.Cardsof thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions atid similar matt er.'lO cents per line.speciai rates tor large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space a newspaper's stock intrad m, soui 0 2 of revenue.ANNOUNCEMENTS.The News is authorized to make thefollowing announcements, subiect tothe action of the Democratic PrimaryAugust 2, 1913:For RepresentativeREUBEN HUTCHCRAPT.For State SenatorHON. J. "WILL CLAYRTTFTJS HADDENFor Commonwealth's AttorneyV J-UXUJtt .&. SCAJLLiE xFor County Clerk-F.EAIICE PATONJ. WALTER PAYNEFor Police JudgeR. S. PORTERIi. GRINNANTHOS. J. HOLLIDAYE. B. JANUARYFor CoronerGEO. M. KISERRUDOLPH DAVISFor MayorJ. T. HINTONJAS. BL O'BRIEN.For Police ChiefJ. C. ELGIN, Sr.W. F. line:GEO. M. HILLBEN BISHOPGEO. W. JUDYFor JailerJOSEPH FARRISW. O. BUTLERFor CouncilmenFirst "WardWHITTINGTON MANN.GEO. D. SPEAKES.W. T. BROOKS.Second "Ward.W. O. HINTON. "-BRUCE MILLER.W A. "W ALLEN.WM. KENNEY,Third WardJACK WOODS.For Assessor.R. M. GILKEY.L. B. Purnell, Deputy.JOHN S. WIGGINS.Wm. Lynch, Deputy.For County Judgec. a. McMillan.For County AttorneyGEO. BATTERTON.For MagistrateERNEST MARTIN, ParisL. J. FRETWELL, ParisA. L. STEVENSON,ClintonvilleR. O. TURNER, Ruddles Mills.For SheriffW. F. TALBOTT,W. G. McCLINTOCK, DeputyJ. O. MARSHALL, DeputyKentucky Fair Dates.The following are the dates fixedfor holding the Kentucky fairs in 1913as far as reported:Mt. Sterling, July 234 days!Harrodsburg, July 294 days.Madisonville, July 29 4 days.Uniontown, Aug. 5 5 days.Taylorsville, Aug. 5 4 days.Tri-County Fair (Carroll, Gallatin,Owen), Saunders, Aug. 6 4days.Danville, Aug. 6 3 days.Blue Grass Fair, Lexington, Aug. 116 days.Mt. Vernon, Aug. 6 3 days.Winchester, Aug. 6 i days.Berea, Aug. 7 3 days.Fern Creek (Buechel), Ausc. 12 4days.Leitchfield, A'ug. 123 days.Henderson, Aug. 12 5 days.Brodhead, Aug. 13 3 days.Perry ville, Aug. 13 3 days.Vanceburg, Aug. 13 i days.PARIS, AUG. 195 days.Hardinsburg, Aug. 19 3 days.Lawrenceburg, Aug. 19 1 days.Shepherdsville, Aug. 19 4 days.Erlanger, Aug. 20 4 days.Stanford, Aug. 203 days.Ewing, Aug. 21 3 days.Eminence, Aug. 213 days.Elizabethtown, Aug. 26 3 days.Shelbyville, Aug. 26 4 days.London, Aug. 26 4 days.Nicholasville, Aug. 26 3 days.Florence, Aug. 27 4 days.Germantown, Aug. 27 4 days.Alexandria, Sept. 2 5 days.Fulton, Sept. 25 days.Frankfort, Sept. 2 4 days.Somerset, Sept. 24 days.Bardstown, Sept. 3 i days.Barboursville, Sept. 3 3 days.Tompkinsville, Sept. 3 i days.Franklin, Sept. 4 3 days.Hodgenville, -Sept. 9 3 days.Monticello, Sent. 9 i davs.Morgantown, Sept 1 3 days. , -.AGRICULTURAL EXTENSION INKENTUCKY .The wealth of Kentucky is in heragriculture and her prosperity ismeasured by the success of her farmers. Agricultural Extension Work includes the various activities of trained experts in various phases of agriculture, among those who are depending upon farming for a livelihood.This class of work has been taken upon account of the diminishing production of the average acre and thefact that published instructions forbetter farm management are not properly sought or heeded. For this stateof affairs the farmer is mainly toblame for there are few kinds ofbusiness to the assistance of whichso much money and investigationhave been devoted. At the same timewe cannot deal with things as theyshould be, but must deal with conditions as they actually exist.The principal source of accurate information on agricultural subjects hasalways been and will continue to bethe experiment stations. When an experiment is completed at the Kentucky Experiment Station, the information gained is printed in bulletinform and about 20,000 copies of thisbulletin are mailed to persons whohave asked for them. This however,is less than one person in a hundred,and of these 20,000 people only asmall percentage read carefully andactually make use of the informationcontained in the bulletin. This is unfortunate but true and necessitatesthe carrying on of demonstrations onthe farmer's own premises or convincing him by word of mouth.The Kentucky Station has the following departments: Agronomy orSoils and Crops, Animal Husbandry,Dairying, Chemistry, Entomology andBotany, Fertilizer Control, Food andDrug Control, Stock Feed Control,Horticulture, Research in Chemistry,Bacteriolgy and Biolgy, and the Division of Extension. These departments are conducting investigationsfor the direct benefit of the farmingpublic and some departments for thegood of the public at large.It goes without saying that an enormous amount of valuable informationhas been gained through long costlyexperience by farmers themselves butthe fact that the yields indicate acontinual decrease in soil fertilitymakes it plain that the usual farmingmethods, as good as they may be,need improvement.The extension service of the Agricultural Experiment Station is intended to carry information by various methods directly to the farmer,and the results of such work have already become highly gratifying andso far as possible all requests for assistance are complied with.It goes without saying that themost valuable extension work done isthe education of the boys who attendthe- Agricultural College to be trainedfor the farm and not from it; who return to the farm to live among theirneighbors and farm better than everbefore. These boys are to be depended upon to increase the wealth orproducing power of our State.ANOTHER. ELECTION CALLED.County Judge Ward, of Scott, afterhearing petitions all day Tuesday,called a local option election underthe county unit law for Scott county,including Georgetown, for September6. An election was held in January,,1911, but the drys refused to participate and carried a contest up to theCourt of Appeals. This was decidedagainst them, but the mandate hasnot yet come down, and the drys arehopeful that they can hold the election before the saloons open.GENERAL NEWS.Two troops of cavalry have beensent to the border near Iasabe, Sonora, where much trouble has occurred during the last week, involving Arizona residents..The Senate Finance Committee Friday decided to retain the provisionsof the reciprocity act regarding thetariff on print paper.The Senate Friday passed the Sundry Civil Bill which was vetoed byformer President Taft. It will nowgo to President Wilson.A riot was narrowly averted in thelower house 'of the Illinois Legislature Friday when two members of different factions clashed while theHouse was in session.ILuke McLuke Says.The hobble skirt won't last long nowMedical men have endorsed it as acommon sense custom."Chic" is something you like in achorus girl, but dislike in your wife.The fourth dimension is the spcethat disappears when a fat womangets into a tight corset.You don't have to go into the Arcticregions to see aurora borealis. Justget a flash a one of those Bulgarianneckties.A Princess can't see much class to agirl who would rather wear shoes thatfit her than have blisters on her heels.The undertaker don't get many jobsfrom the men who announce that theyare working themselves to death.People wouldn't kick so much ifthere were not so many kickers in theworld.The man who brags that he sleepslike a log means that he spends thenight imitating a sawmill.When you try to live up to appearances you can't live down your salary.Marriages may be made in Heaven,but they haven't quit selling hammocks. The trouble with marrying a girl isthat a lot of her no-account secondcousins imagine you simply can't livehappily together unless they pay asix-year visit every month.When a Good Fellow goes to the badand disappears he may be missed fora day or two in places where he didall the buying, but on the third daysome other sucker drops in and fillsthe vacancy. yIf a man wore a green hat, a redcoat, a purple shirt, orange pants andwhite shoes, he'd be arrested. But aeirl can do it and look Drettv. Cinnin-Why WomenfUo iMt,anTitv slre-lessr.css and warnings of pain and disAlimhs Such fec'ins may or may iu. "- -w.r-- -- -, - 7--lM W The local tis anv should be treated with Dr. Pisrces Lotion ifblejs. inert theners system d the entire womanly make-up feels the tonic effect 01DR. PIERCE'SFAVORITE- pBEwhen taken systematically and forbut has given uniform satisfactionthe sing's purpose of curing wosansSold in liquid iorrz or tablets bydruggists or scud 50 one-canstamps for a fcox of sir. ierce'3Favorite Prescription Tables.Ad. Dr. R.Y. Pierce, BxifCcuo, I C..Z&fcggggE5-yitZ!d;fm2&r&Some Hot News.We will in a few daysreceive a car of SemiAnthricite Coal. It has the Pocahontas fracture, i$a much harder Coal therefore comes a betterpreparation, and is an ideal Furnace CoaLANALYSISVolatile 30. 1 0Carbon 66.00Moisture .40Ask 3.50Is you are interested in a first-class furnaceCoal, come to the yard ofDoefoon & DentonThe Home of Good CoalYards, South Main St. Coth Phones 140Now is the time to layggjgjff ephone worksGivSaSC&SSiXSfesS,x1. Sells My Products 4. Protects the Home12. Gets Best Prices 5. Helps the HousewifeB3. Brings Supplies 6. Increases Profits AA37. Pays For Itself Over and OverJ j$tsajSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet.Foriinformation, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated,Everv WomanftCome to the BigCASH - RAISINGSALETwineCorner Seventh and Main Sis.Big Bargains in Dry Goods, Dressgoods, Silks, Ladies' andMisses' Skirts, Waists, Dresses, Millinery,Shoes, Slippers, Etc.Come to The Big Sale,We are agents for Pictorial Patterns, Buster Brown Hose,Bon Bon and W. B. Corsets.Roofs put on twenty-six years ago are as good as new to-day, andhave never needed repairs. What is the result Why practicallyevery other shingle manufacturer is trvine to imitate it so be not deceivedlook for the words "CortrightuuMugauon. u is pm mere tor your protecoon. Accept no suqKute.For Sale by v.Best & Hawkins, Milfersbur&, Ky.Have Nervesany period of tins. l)for over forty years, being designed lorpeculiar am.icuu,.c . ,... nnt,i in bnxeaa The ,1 Pccofcj' Coirmon Scrue Medical Jld-,r h R.V. Puree, M.D. 1008lif OTtar nttmians or xa iT. &. mnn hnia la care sor tnetr1 childnn and tkmsehes. It's the ctkt-,1 J-j. lw -.-i.. rmtn name- JOISi.grrau.". -- --i'-- , 1' Jlcne-centslarrps to ir.i-erceujuc.in your Winter GoalrH p "ggQS&ASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the CumberlandiTel-for him. He will reply:1. Dpiifli SIODesigned and Patentedin 1867The StandardEver SinceReg. U. S. Pat Otf." embossed on the Ir-itnati Enquirer. v 7VV-IMMM MS'Pittsburgh Perfect FencehTze Afan JWio Stands Sf 77Doesn't Get AnywhereMake your farm better. Make yourincome from it bigger.Improvement is progress. Progressleads to prosperity.Crop rotation, live stock and smallfields are making many farmers wealthy.Be one of them.But you will need fences, so you canturn in yaur stock wherever you wish.Now choose your fences wisely, foryears of satisfactory service.Choose "Pittsburgh Perfect", weldedby electricity, for design, construction,strength, durability, true economy.No other fence gives as much fence-satislaction for the money.ifMade in Different Styles for FIELD, FARM, RANCH, LAWN, LTTir., OJ f mmm.l.ACHICKEN, POULTRY and RABBIT YARD and GARDEN UVery IX-OGL 3Uara.m.eeUAsk your dealer for "Pittsburgh Perfect" and insist on his furnishing it. Do not allow him to persuadeyou that some other fence is just as good. If he doesn't sell it, write us direct.If you are interested in Wire Fencing, write, for FREE copy of our ALMANAC, 1913Pittsburgh Steel Co.Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania"Pittsburgh Perfect" Brands of Barbed Wire;Bright, Annealed & Galvanized Wire; TwistedCable Wire; Hard Spring Coil Wire; FenceStaples; Poultry Netting Staples; Regular WireNails; Galvanized Wire Nails; Large HeadRoofing Nails; Single Loop Bale Ties; "Pittsburgh Perfect" Fencing. All made of OpenHearth material.United States Biscrict Court,Eastern District of Kentucky,Coyingfon. - . -Central Home Telephone' &m Telegraph Co. ---. ComplainantVsBourbon County Home Telephone Co.Defendant.iviiQS ivxargareL irv. Laaen,210 Main Street, Lexington, Ky.Special Display of.Summer Hats ..Moderate Prices6$cen6et THE DIARY OF DEATH.rl. 'Ma. rjxvv'.iis yy a x.Low Round Trip Faresfrom Paris toNew York & Boston30 day limit Tourist fares toNew York $28.0060 day limit variable route fares toNew York $31.95 Boston $35.55Reduced round trip fares to many other cities and resorts in the EastSuperior Service to the EastBfBMBFor particulars, rates, folders, descriptiveliterature and sleeper reservations, addressW. H. HARRIS, Ticket AgentUHNATIONAL CONSERVATION EXPOSITION. KN0XVILLE, SEPTEMBER-OCTOBER, 1913B05TOMWCCC NIAGARA FALLSMONTREAL ADIRONDACK1000 ISLAK9SMTSunu Ivam 9.I C. m WASHINGTON Ht ' ''MI IP iii IHBBfJHLandNew England PointsSee that your ticket reads viaNewYork&ntral Lines,Big Four "The Water-Level Route"And take your choice of boat or trainbetween Detroit and Buffalo andbetween Cleveland and Buffalo.Stop off if you like at Niagara Fallsthe world's greatest cataract.The trip between Albany and New Yorkmay be made by luxurious train or by Hudson River steamer all tickets are optional.By ADRIENNE CODY, aged sixteen, ofCentral park school, Topeka.I am a fly. I'm not very old and amjust learning -where to find the bestthings to eat My favorite places arein the spittoon in the sitting room andthe uncovered garbage can on the backporch. Of course some flies would bebothered about having to go out ofdoors to get to that can. But it doesn'tworry me. In the house where I livethere aren't any screens, so I can flyfrom the garbage can to tire spittoonin perfect safety. I often stop on theway, though, to get in the sugar bowlor crawl over any eatables that arehandy.There's a baby in this house who annoys me very much. Every time Ileave the spittoon and crawl into thatbaby's mouth it cries and spits me out.Of course I leave a few tuberculosisgerms in its mouth, but it doesn't seemlike that would hurt the baby.It seems to me like people don't knowwhat is good to eat At least the people in this house don't "Why, theythrow away all the good things. Theyput them in the garbage pail. 1 amendeavoring to show them what goodthings are, however, for I get my feetall sticky in the garbage can and thengo and wipe them on the bread. Abouta hundred of my companions are doing the same 'thing. I really believethat the people are begiuning to like it,for they never trouble us any more.We wipe our feet on the bread inpeace and quietI heard the woman across the waysay that she believed flies had something to do with the man in this househaving consumption. 1 wonder if hegot it from the bread.The woman across the way is losingall her flies. They're all coming overto our house. She won't give themanything to eat She covers up hergarbage pall, has tight screens on allher doors and is a terror to flies in general. Her children are such happy,hearty youngsters, while the childrenin this house are always cross. Theynever get any afternoon nap. The flieswon't let them.There's a very great deal of Illness inthis house. Two of the boys havemalaria and the father is never welLI heard the mother say to the womanacross the way: "I really do not knowwhat to do for all this bickness. Itdrives me distracted." What do youthink that woman said? Why, "Swatthe fly," of course, at which I ducked.Oh, yes! The baby has the typhoid.THIS IS WHERE THEFLY BREEDS STOP ITFor tickets and all information see your localagent or addressE. R. WHELENGeneral Agent Passenger DepartmentCincinnati, OhioPursuant to a decree of sale entered herein in the United States District Court for the Eastern District ofKentucky at Covington, Kentucky, onJanuary 21, 1913, I will offer for saleat the front, door of the court house inthe city of Paris, Bourbon county,Kentucky, onTUESDAY, JULY 8, 1913,at 2 o'clock, p. m., the following described property, towit:"All the telephone plant and systemof the Bourbon County Home Telephone Company in Paris, Kentucky,and in Bourbon county ,1 Kentucky,and all its other property, rights,privileges, franchises and immunitiesof every character and description,whether in action or possession,wheresoever situated, and everythingof value which the Telephone Company owns or is entitled to, includingall the property, accounts, notes, moneys and assets of every description, inthe possession of S. M. Heller, Receiver herein, or in the possession- ofthe United States Trust Company,Trustee."The terms oL said sale are as follows v."No bid will be accepted from anybidder who shall not place in myhands at the time of making the bid,as a part of such bid, a pledge that hewill make good his bid if accepted bythe court, either in the sum of tenthousand dollars ($10,000) in moneyor the sum of ten thousand dollars($10,000) in the form of a certifiedcheck or certicate of deposit, payable to or endorsed to myself as specialmaster; or in lieu of such money orcheck or certificate of deposit, twenty-fivethousand dollars ($25,000) parvalue, of thebonds secured by themortgage hereby foreclosed. ,The deposit received from any unsuccessful bidder or bidders shall bereturned to him or them, when theproperty is struck off.I In case a bid shall be accepted andI the sale confirmed by this court andj the ssuccesful bidder shall complyj with all the terms thereof, the cashj deposit made by him shall be credited as part qayment of the purchaseprice.In the event any bidder whose bidhas been accepted, shall fai 1 to comply with any order of the court in regard to the payment of the purchaseprice, the cash, checks, certificates ofdeposit or bonds deposited by himshall be retained as liquidated damages and shall be applied' toward thel expense of any resale which may beordered, or toward making good anydeficiency or loss in case the property at a resale shall bring less thanat a prior sale; but, if a bid be accepted and the sale thus made by the Special Master shall not be confirmed bythe court, then the deposit made bythe bidder shall be returned to him.The purchaser shall, as a part ofhis bid and purchase, assume andagree to pay any and all liabilitiesincurred by the receiver since his appoitment, which may remain unpaidon the date of confirmation of sale.Upon the confirmation of sale thepurchaser may pay so much of thepurchase price as may not be required by the order of confirmationto be paid in cash, by paying for andsurrendering outstanding bonds orcoupons secured by the deed of trustherein foreclosed, whether said coupons are attached to or cut fromsaid bonds, and thesaid bonds or coupons shall be received at such priceor value as shall be the equivalentto the amount that the holders thereof would have beenentitled to receivethereon, in case the entire purchaseprice were paid in cash.All bonds and coupons that may beused to make such payment shall besurrendered to the Special Masterand the amount so paid on said bondsor coupons or applied thereon shallbe endorsed on said bonds or couponsby the Special Master, and the saidbonds and coupons shall then be returned to the holders or ownersthereof respectively.Any party to this suit or any holderor holders o f the bonds or, couponsherein referred to, may bid and purchase atsuch sale, and shall be required to qualify and make deposit asabove provided.The court reserves the right to resell said property or any part thereof,on such notice as it may direct, incase the purchaser, after confirmation of sale, shallfail or omit to makeany payment upon the unpaid purchase price, within thirty days afterthe entry of an order requiring suchpayment.Said sale may be adjourned or postponed from time to time, on the request of the complainant, or on therequest of the United States Trust,Company, Trustee, or its solicitors.For greater particularity referenceis hereby made to said decree.J. W. MENZIES,' Special Master.June 3-10-17-24Two flies in the manure pit now meana million in your home next August.PARCEL POST REVENUE IS. $7,-076,517.Revenue receipts for the sale" of parcel post stamps during the first threemonths of its operation of the systemtotaled $7,076,517, according to figurescomputed at the Postoffice DepartmentDuring that period approximately150,000,000 parcel post packages werehandled by the postal service. Chicago led all cities both in number ofparcels handled and in amount ofstamps sold, the latter being $1,254,469New York City's sales for the sameIJeriod aggregated $818,138."i&0F&WSkREXLiquiQ Poultry Remedy 2Bc?mn& ;.w,'i-..5i'- fcV .mtmb"Saves the sick"ForGape5, While Diarrheon, Roup, Limberneck and aH Poultrydiseases. No Cure NoPiv, It works whilethey roost.O fZ I.idu'd I,ice-'y Kiherzcc.Kns no "equal" as alice, mit-auil germ killrr. Bestwath for allsores axi'l cuts on allMok. Finest dibinfectnnt for l.ou-e.stal 1"dog kennel ana hen house. Jsvr MAIL, 3cTHE REX CHEMICAL CO., Newport, Ky.'SOLD BYVarden & Son, 1,. A.jSoper, Little Rock,D. E. Clark & Co., Millersburg, Ky.tollof June')A DAY IN THE LIFE OF A FLYJ- -zr -sr i- L II n. ii ii iiw id ' .A3 V . i&rfflbfc. ' ill- mtFIl2fir w w ' IrihiSWri i) LIGHT on f HORWf-OCt fOt A. RIDS.tlHO A' t SLCvjMiie.XW i1Hi1-'LitxT- eftBvs.FOR. ASIP &To A BW WRfcfcE 1ilAtfS, SOe D4SS&RTvl 8SO IN A WIHOOW M Amet iV.oStciN -ftouse.S3'. '-I.' ,.cVWrWgi-1-. ... m. Baufll 4T A3 -. - -a-fset . 'MAmX.too oh" -MLA i t 0acv Ea III II..-w.r -BflB'sw:t -ihi'flT.KVCR'CXSHe.TLj. i if wmmmmmmmm 'Coffman in New York American.V.:I:"The Aeropl&ne of Deathi'7 3HAPPY MARRIAGESAre the result of knowing the laws ofhealth and nature. All the knowledgea young man or woman, wife ordaughter should have, is contained inthe People's Medical Adviser, by R.V. Pierce, M. D This big Home Doctor Book containing 108 pages withengravings and colored plates, andbound in cloth, (nearly 70,000 copiesformerly sold for $1.50 each), is sentfree to any one sending 31 one-centstamps to prepay cost of wrappingand postage. There are no conditionsto this offer and the reade rmust notassociate this book with the advertising pamphlets prepared by quacksthroughout the country. Address, 6o2Washington St., Buffalo, N. Y.The United States Senate paid signal honor to Dr. Lauro Muller, Brabilian Minister of Foreign Affairs, byrecessing and holding a receptionwhen he visited the Capitol.Expert Barber.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones ) n. 'Residence j e3.Curtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 : CHAIRS - .3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionMr. Carl Crawford, a barber of 36years' experience, invites the public jto his new shop at Windsor Hotel. I u. r,rjyrrkri R-it-t,- I- FA IITwo chairs. Prompt service. Chil-I,ot anaJSOiaj BaCnS at 7I1dren's wrork a specialty." Razors hon- Hoursed satisfactorily.1 No LongXWaits.A Share of the Public Pat-1ronage Solicited. ,Administrator's Notice.Allhaving claims againstH. Butler, deceased,personsthe estate of Jare notified to present same, properlyproven as required by law, to the undersigned, on or before July 10, 1913.W. M. SHOBE,Ex'tr J. H. Butler, deceased.330 Vine street.'dms&ESE&JI Are You a Woman? Ii? CarduiThe Woman's TonicK-g .'tMEr MHMFOR SALE AT ALL DRUS6ISTSF44 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDepositsYour Deposits Are GuaranteedYOUTAKE NO RISKSIf Yoi: Are Interested t ,Write Us " -UNION STATE BANKMuskogee, Oklahomajr -rCapital $100,OaoV.:Fully Paid f$'- i-XV"i-5rai3,,TcrxN.Mfcwftfgrj32iM&9tlMMU .w-..b. ,uiBmftNmT I-HPHONE MERGER RUMORED.Cumberland, It Is Said, May AcquireV Independent Company.That the Cumberland Telephone &Telegraph Company is planning tosnerge with the Bourbon Home Telephone is the substance of a rumor thatlias been in circulation in this city forthe past several days, but which cannot at this time be. verified.The fact, it is said, became knownseveral days ago that representatives of the company had made overtures for the purchase of the independent, which is at present In the-hands of a receiver, and advertised tole sold on July 8.The fact that the Cumberland isplanning extensive improvements in.this city, and has secured, either bylease or purchase a large section ofthe conduit service of the independent company, with a view of placing'the majority of its cables and linesunder ground, strengthens the opinion that the Cumberland is engagedin an effort to acquire the independent company's holdingsThe Home Company, which hasbeen in existence for the past twelve.years has been operated at a distinctloss for some time, with the resultthat it recently passed ito the handsof a receiver, and following the process of law, will be exposed to saleby order of the United States Court.For the past several moths theCumberland Telephone Company hasbeen planning extensive improvemetsIn this city. Petitions have been incirculation among the subscribers ofthe company agreeing to withstand anincrease in the present rate for telephone service upon condition that thepresent equipment is improved to apoint of efficiency equal to the servicefurnished subscribers in cities of alarger class, and with this in viewthey will soon begin the instllationof an entirely new equipment.It's the plan of the company to begin work next week, when a largenumber of men engaged at Winchester in cutting in the lines of the twocompanies will be brought to thiscity a new flash-light switchboardwill be installed which will necessitate a metalic circuit similar to thatnow used by -the independent company. Practically all of the overhead cables now in use by the Cumberlandwill be tansferred to the conductswhich will greatly relieve the presentcongested condition which now exists.The work will be pushed with allbaste and it is hoped Jjy the companyto have it completed within the nexttwo months.' Mrs. J. L. Fretwell was called toHarrodsburg "Wedesday on account oCthe death of her sister, Mrs Sarah-Cook, who died in t hat city that morning, after a lingering illness.JUNIORS ELECT OFFIERS.The local lodge Junior Order UnitedAmerican Mechanics at their regularmeeting Wednesday evening electedofficers 'for the ensuing year. Theyare as follows:Junior Past Counciler S. M. Turpin. Counciler George McCandless."Vice-Co unciler C. H. Belcher.Recording Secretary C. W. Perkins. Assistant Recording SecretaryW. T. Ewalt.Treasurer T M. Punk.Financial Secretary R. C. Foster.Outside Sentinel T. J. WoodallInside Sentinel J. P. Meyers.Warden G. M. Turner.Conductor Joe Lenox.Chaplain J. R. Carrington.Representatives to State CouncilMeeting, Jackson, Ky., Sept. 2, 1913C. W. Perkins and S. M. Turpin; Alternate, T. M. Funk.Trustee T. J. Woodall." The installation will take place atthe next regular meeting.Can't KeepJt Secret.The splendid work of Chamberlain'sTablets is daily becoming more widely known. No such grand remedy forstomach and liver troubles has everbeen known. For sale by all dealers.PRACTICALLY ASSURED.Splendid Results in Campaign ForY. M. C .A. Building.With the hand of the indicator directed at the $22,000 mark, Paris isnow practically assured of a Y M. C.- A building as littie fear is expressedof the ability of those engeaged in thework of of raising he fund to securethhe mount for t he pupose.Yesterday at noon when the various teams in the work made their report the large clock in front of theheadquarters of the associ i . o:. wasmoved forward from $16,000 a sum of. more than $8,000 havig been raised iLtwelve hours.Among the largest contributors tothe cause were Mr. Ed. Sims a former Parisian, who tor the past severalyears has bee making his home inTexas, and who subscribed $1,000.of his family gave $500, or a total of?2,000.The team workers are receivingmuch encouragement in their effortsand are being ably assisted by the ladies, who are serving dinner eachday at the headquarters, corner ofFifth and Main streets.Efforts are being made to communicate with a number of non-residents,who formerly resided in Paris, andwho it is believed will contribute liberally to the cause. Messrs E. S.Woosley and Philo C. Dix, representees of the State Y. M. C. A, are receiving many compliments upon themanner in which they are conductingthe campaign and the results theyare receiving.Mr. Ctesby Spears desires it uderstood that the gift of $5,000 was fromthe Spears family and not for himas an individual. It is divided asfollows: Mrs. E F. Spears, $1000;Miss Mary Spears $500; Miss Elizabeth Spears, $500; Keith Spears,$500; Woodford Snears. S1.000. r.-niiGatesby Spears, $1,500. jjTHE STUDEBAKER CORPORATION OF AMERICAoffers to the pumic a complete line ofliigh-grade automobiles at .moderateprices. 'There are three models, withvarious open and ' closed body designs. These models we call the Studebaker "25", Studebaker "35", and Studebaker "SIX." The bodies include theTouring Car, Roadster, Sedan, Coupeand Limousine types. "To the experienced motorist the descriptions which follow will makeclear that not only are these carshandsome and beautifully finished, atprices surprisingly low, but that mechanically they set a new mark in engineering skill.REMARKABLE DEVELOPMENT.Beyond the familiar principles of automobile construction, Studebaker design has advanced to a remarkable development in accessibility, preventionof friction through perfect alignmentand proper lubrication and conveniencfor the owner in. In such amtters arebe found today the great distinctionswhich make one manufacturer's carfar better than another's, and themore carefully you study these carsthe more clearly you will understandtheir striking advantages. You willdiscover that not alone is their equipment complete and attractive in itsquality, but that from a mechanicalstandpoint Studebaker cars are farin the lead.We cannot make this point toostrongly. It is sometimes said thatdifferences in automobiles have beenleveled down. Do not believe it.There are still far-reaching gradationsin the value of different cars, independent of price, and at the top standStudebaker cars.ACCESSIBILITY.By accesibility we mean such design of all parts that every vital pointmay be reached for inspection or adjustment with minimum loss of timeand effort. How completely this ideais achieved in Studebaker cars is evident from the fact that every adjustment which service may require,short of complete overhauling, can bemade directly upon the part involved,without the disturbance or removal ofany other member.In the powerful long stroke motor,for example and all Studebaker motors follow the same design, differingonly in size the magneto and pumpare placed on a cross shaft directly infront of the -cylinders, thus not onlyrendering them completely accessiblebut also leaving the sides of the cylinders clear and clean. The valves areenclosed by a dust-proof plate vwhichcan be instantly removed for valveadjustment. Again, the lower half ofthe crank case is formed by a pressed Isteel pan wnicn may be removed bythe release of a few bolts. When itis taken off every main motor bearingcan be reached without lifting themotor from the car.The transmission is also characteristically accessible. The removal ofa cover plate completely exposes themechanism.In the rear axles the differentialand driving gears can be reached,cleaned, and, if necessary, adjusted,without taking down the axle in anyway. On the Studebaker "25" the upper half of the axle and transmissionhousing comes off as a unit by the release of a few bolts, yielding access toall gears and bearings. In the Studebaker "35"and "SIX'Ia round plate inthe rear axle housing is remcnabV,after which the differential and cishafts may be taken out complereI 'without disturbing th wheels.Such accessibility has never beensurpassed, ad is desirable to an own-!er for the simple reason that it saveshim time, trouble and expense, andenables him to care ior his machine 'with ease. 'REDUCED FRICTION.Reduced friction is another featurein which Studebaker cars offer a shining example. Remember that it isnot alone the size of the motor thatcounts, but the amount of power thatis delivered to the rear wheels. Efficiency of this sort gives you powerwhere you want it, and exhaustivecomparativeXtests have proven thatthe power-efficiency of Studebakercars sets a new standard for automobile engineers.How is this accomplished? First,by perfect alignment. Everybodyknows that a straight line is theshortest, a straight pull the easiest.In Studebaker motors, accordingly,the pistons connecting rods and crankshafts are lined up to an accuracyfiner than the thinnest piece of paperyou ever saw. There is no twist.nodistortion to consume power and leadto rapid wear. For this reason,among others.Studebaker cars are exceedingly durable. A Studebaker owner has a long-time investment, not aone or two-year experiment.LUBRICATION.Second, we secure high-powei efficiency by perfect lubrication. Thetorce-feed lubricating system on themotor is positive in its action. Moving motor parts arenot simply oiled,they run in oil, clean, fresh and constantly supplied. All moving partsthroughout the car are treated in thesame thorough way. Grease cups areprovided with ducts leading straightto the. bearings. These grease cupsare easy to reach and are dust-proof.Lubrication gives life to an automobile, and in Studebaker cars this inconspicuous reason for an owner's satisfaction has been studiously safeguarded. CONVENIENCE AND COMFORT.Convenience and comfort, those,most apparent advantages of an automobile, are provided in Studebakercars to a degree which warrants yourstudy. The bodies, in the first place,are roony, and are carried on long,resilient springs. You ride withoutjar and, even on rough roads, witheasy motion. The seats are tiltedslightly, the cushioned ' uphlostry isdeep and restful. The body framework is strong and will not wear looseand creak. If a storm arises the occupants of a Studebaker car have tobut unbuckle a few clips in the curtain pockets of the top and Jiffy curtains fall into place, effectually protecting the interior against the weather. The curtains are just as readilvstowed away.For the driver there are manypoints of convenience. Both theelectric starter on the Studebaker"35" arid "SIX" and the acetylene primer on the "25" are efficient and reli--able.The "wind shields are contrivedfor ven'tilation, clear vision and, onthe "35" and "SIX", for rain visionalso. The throttle and spark leversare above the large steering wheel,where also is the button governing theelectric horn. Electric light buttonson the larger cars are immediately athand, the gear shift and emergencybrake levers are set for easy handlingand the pedals are so designed as torequire but slight pressure for theiroperation. The dash is clean, withhighly satisfactory carburator adjustment, while the slight oil gauge is aninveritable test of motor lubrication.In such details as these, and manyothers which Studebaker dealers willclearly explain, Studebaker designsand efficiency lead the industry.A MARVELOUS RECORD.The manufacture of Studebakerautomobiles, a marvellous recor ofachievement, is carried on in thelargest and best automobile factories inthe world. From the bar steel, theprocess advances step by step thorughmyriad operations until the finishedcar is done. The steel and workmanship in $885 Studebaker "25" are" asfine as in the $1550 Studebaker "SIX.'All cars are treated alike. Studebaker methods are those of quantitymauufacture, which is the secret ofhigh quality and lowered costs inall modern manufacturing industry.Most automobile producers are assemblers, but we are manufacturers.Where others buy parts and assembletheir product, we make parts and inour own plants build Studebakercars.SERVICE ORGANIZATION.And, as a point too infrequentlyconsidered, the Studebaker sales andservice organization is world wide inits scope. A glance at the list ofBranches will show how careful theinterests of Studebaker owners areregarded. Every purchaser is givenliberal attention. He is never out ofreach of assistance. Parts suppliesare constantly maintained at ourBranches. It is such service as thiswhich insures the continuous valueof a Studebaker car and gives satisfaction long after the first purchase.I(f0,000 IN USE.To every thoughtful buyer Studebaker automobiles hold out a tempting invitation. The 100,000 Studebaker cars now in use have provedthroughout the world the matchlessability of the Studebaker organizationto produce leading automobile values.The Studebaker name itself standsfo an ideal. For sixty years it hasbeen represented by honest goods anda square deal for every buyer. And today, not less than in the past, Studebaker cars honor that unblemishedreputation. Add this to the evidentadvantages of Studebaker cars themselves and you must recognize convincing reasons for your confidence.get fresh air, sunshine andabove all the cell-building,energy-producing propertiesof SCOTTS EMULSION.Its prompt use often thwartstuberculosis-OFTOWN LOT!Kate B. Mann, - -Notice of Sale.Whittington Mann, &c, -DefendantsUder and by virtue of a judgmentof the Bourbon Circuit Court rendered in the above styled action, theundersigned Master Commissionerwill sell at public auction o thehighest and best bidder at the courthouse door in the city of Paris, Ky.,at about the hour of 11 o'clock, a.m., onMONDAY, JULY 14th, 1913,the following described property:Beginning tt the northwest cornerof the lot owned by Hattie HillMann Dudley at a stake in the southern margin of East Seventh street314.3 feet east on Pleasant street;thence running westardly along thesouth margin of Seventh street 60feet to a stake corner to Kate B.Mann's lot; thence with her linesouthwardly 130.2 feet to a stake inthe line of Geo. Alexander (formerlyNoah Spears' line); thence with saidAlexander's line eastwardly 60 feetto a stake corner to the lot ofHattieHill Mann Dudley; thence with saidDudley's line northwardly 129 feet tothe point of beginning, being a part ofthe lot deeded to said Mrs. M. P.Hedges, by deed of record in theBourbon County Court Clerk's office,Deed Book 70, page 319, and mentioned in her will heretofore referred to.Said sale will be made upon a creditof six and twelve months for equalparts of the purchase money, purchaser being required to execute bondforf equal installments of the purchaseprice with good surety threon, to beapproved by the Master Commissionerpayable to said Master, and bearinginterest at the rate of 6 per cent,per annum fom date of saler untilpaid, and to remain a lien upon theproperty sold until paid and to havethe force and effect of a judgment.c. a. McMillan,Master Commissioner Bourbon CircuitCourt.Ray Mann, Attorney.M. F. Kenney, Auct.(20-27-jul4)! 3i A WM lift fl WM3WMmPTJm0MBammmLL NOTESMONSON-GIFFORD.Miss Bettie Monson and Mr. Clarence Gifford, a young c'ouple residingin Bourbon county, between Paris andMillersburg, were married Wednesdayevening about 7 o'clock, at the residence of the officiating minister, Rev.W.' E. Ellis.MYALL-WILCOX.The engagement of Miss RuthHadley Myall, of Liberty, Mo., toMr. Roger Wilcox, of Westfield, N.J., 'which has been announced, willprove of interest to the Paris friendsof the popular couple. xThe marriage will take place in thelate summer, wiil be the culminationof a pretty romance which commencedin May, when Miss Myall and Mr.Wilcox were visiting at "New Forest,"iRMONAmaiEmaBHHHHinHHnMr. Landlord, don't you notice that prospectivetenants Quickly remark the absence of ElectricLights? Why let your buiidins depreciate in rentalvalue? The modern housekeeper wants ElectricLight she knows the rates are reow very Bow sheappreciates the many exclusive advantages and con-veniences afforded by Electricity in the home. Thecost of wiring is probably less than you think. Writeor phone to-day.Pans Gas13-29 3U miWrmms-rJZW7?? M '-?- KTW Ka K r Jk h m jz? .Plaintiff I . , A i STjy KI Anybody Can Operaf e Brinley Leverless Cultivotors IBefore You Buy Investigate theBrinly Leverless Cultivator.NO, LEVERS NO SPRINGSALWAYS IN 'BALANCEINo N eckWill Do More Work, Do It Better, Longer and Easierand Without Those Frequent Break-downsYou Have With Other Cultivators vDraft One-fourth Lighter than on Ordinary Cultivators.Yertesparmacrairaery,SPthe pretty country home of Mr. and'Mrs. Woodford Daniel.Miss Myall, who is af cousin of Mrs.Daniel is a cultured and charmingyoung woman and has attained pormj inence as a national officer in the B.S. O. Sorority.Mr. Wilcox came to Paris last fallas a buyer for the Amedican TobaccoCompany and by his splendid businessability and engaging persoality mademany friends in this comunity.FINNELL-ARDERY - -The following handsome invitations have been received by Parisfrfends of the bridegroom-elect, whohas a responsible position in the Deposit Bank, and is quite popular socially. The bride elect is also a socialfavorite here, having been a frequentvisitor to this city:Mrs. Bessie L. Finnell.repuests the honor of your, presenceat the marriage of her daughterLoistoMr. Fayette ArderyW eisiit orsoie.For Sals ByOeaSers iraA Mwagonis, S3uggses9Electricoi ri-siliAiscomooaEes asiea Isarase"gseessffl ss ot&ron Wednesdy evening, June 25th,Nineteen Hundred and Thirteaat 8:30 o'clock K,First Baptist Church 4 a-ueorgetown, Kentucxy. et k (rncucniuro y-nuj utnio ncnt..Mat fans in this city will have anvopportunity of seeing Ed. (Stragler), Lewis and Bob Fredericks in amatch at the Paris Grand next Wednesday evening. Fredericks wasmatched against Dr. Roller at theGrand last Monday night and wasthrown in two successive falls, while -Lewison Tuesday night met the Seattle athelete in Lexington and wassuccessful in putting him to the matin the first fall ouly. Both men arein the pink of condition and a largecrowd of local fans are expected tc-be present together with a large number of followers of the sport from Lexington. iFlvmsr XTrCoai asid Ssl,IPCo., Inc.r5 ZT.' & Vi- - itr.--"rf.-v.Jgag2HAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADEGIAL ID PERSONALHas insurance ontobacco. Oldest company in the business.Thomas & Woodford.BUYS TWO LpTS.Mr. James E .Craven purchasedyesterday from Dr. J. T. Brown twolots in the Fair Grounds Addition at aprivate price.WATERMELONS ON ICE.Call us either 'phone for fresh watermelons, kept on iceSAUER'S GROCERY,OQ.tn Opp. Court House.SECURES BRICK CONTRACT.George Determan, the local brickcontractor, has secured the contractfor the brick work on the residenceof Mr. Dan Fisher, at Flemingsburg.You Will Be Pleased.Get shoe satisfaction by trading attf FELD'S.DEUEL BROS.' SHOWS.Mississippi Minstrels & Deuel TJros.'Sb.ws combined, June 26, under canv: . Noon parade. If you do not- at to laugh, stay at home.EXAMINATIONS TO-DAY.An examination for State and county certificates will be held to-day andSaturday at the office of the CountySuperintendent.MINSTREL COMINGJune 26, Mississippi Minstrel &Deuel Bros.' combined. One price ofadmission. Its some show with somereal laughs. Some band. Mome parade, and some people are going to seeit. "Xough said.ACTING AS CLERKMr. T. E. Savage, of Millersburg, isactig as County Clerk in the absenceof County Clerk Pearce Paton, Iiois engaged in canvassing "the countyin the interest of his candidacy forre-election.MOUSE FURNISHINGS. f you want to rGtthe best at the lowestprice, see my stockof house-f tirnishlngsSave you money.j.T.HINTON.AMINISTRATRIX APPOINTED.Miss Louise Steele is the guest offriends at Olympian Springs.Mrs. W. M. Hinton is seriouslyill at her home on South Main street.Mrs. Soulette Davis left Tuesdayfor a visit to relatives in Cincinnati.Miss Mary Craig Hayden is visiting Miss Lucy -Severance in Frankfort. Mrs. J. C. Freeman has returnedfrom Dr. Holme's hospital in Cincinnati. Mrs. J. W. Larkin has as herguest Miss Erdie Arnold, of Covington. Mrs. E. R. Fithian is slowly improving from a serious atack of thegrippe.Mr. Ray Mann, of Louisville, isvisiting his mother, Mrs. Kate Mann,in this city.Miss Lois Finnell, of Georgetown,was the guest of friends in this cityseveral days this week.Miss Emma Lou Scott, who hasbeen eonfined to her room with erysipelas, is improving.Mr. Wiliam Tinsley returnedTuesday after a two weeks' visit torelatives in Salem, Va.Miss Belle Ingles, of Lexington, isthe guest of her cousin, Miss FannieIngles, on Fifteenth street.Miss Eleanor Lytle is spendingher vacation in Maysville with hergrandmother, Mrs. J. V. Lytle.Prof. Robt. Hinton, of Georgetown, is visiting his parents, Mr. andMrs. W. M. Hinton, in this city.Messrs. T. C. Lenihan and Dr.Hugh Johnson have gone to WestBaden, Ind., for a ten-days' stay.Miss Charlotte Davis, of Lexington, has been the guest for severaldays of Miss May Davis, in this city.Mr. Darius Young has returned tohis home in this city after a visit tohis father, Mr. B. P. Young, in Car-!lisle.Mrs. Margaret Taylor left Saturday for an extended visit with relatives in Huntington and Charleston,W. Va.Mr. James A. Stuart has returnedto his home in Wheeling, W. Va., aftera visit of several weeks with friendsin this city.Mrs. A. B. Ely, of Williamsburg,O., is visiting her sisters, Mrs. M. H.Highland and Mrs. Jos. James, in Henry Addition .Mrs. R. Q. Thompson and daughter, Miss Katie Graham Thompson, ofColumbia, S.' C, arrived Tuesday asguests of Mrs. J. T. Hinton.Miss Zuma Stone and" brother,Hower Stone, children of Mrs. E. L.Stone, left Tuesday for Jackson foran extended visit with relatives.The Fresno (Cal.J Republican ofJune 8, contains the folowing paragraph, wh;ch will be of interest to themany tnends of the Misses Jaynes:Misses Mabel and Lula Lyons, ofLexington, have returned to theirhome after a visit to Miss Jessie MaeOckerman, at her home near CaneRidge.Mrs. William Zabel, of Covington,is the guest of her daughter, Mrs.' Edgar Tingle, on South Main street,and Mr. and Mrs. Hiram Zeiglar, ofJudge Denis Dundon, in the county (ireendale, will arrive today to visitcojrt Tuesday appointed Mrs. FannTS Mrs. 1 ingle.Ann Piper, widow of the late John Cynthiana Democrat: "Mr. andago at his home on the Lexington ' Mrs. J. R. Allen and children, andpike, the admin iastratrix of his es-' j. W. Snodgrass, Jr., motored totate. i Frankfort last Thursday and on theirreturn visited Mr. and Mrs. B. F.Buckley, near Paris."COOL,COMFqRTABLE 3LUE SERGEfrom West Baden Ind., after a ten-daysstay, much improved.Mrs. Jos. Jacoby left Monday tor.a visit to relatives in Kansas City,Mo. ,Mrs. Rudolph Davis, of this city,is visiting her mother, Mrs. ElizabethHowse, in Carlisle.Children's Day will be observedat the Clintonville Christian churchnext Sunday evening.Mr. A. R. Denison left yesterdayfor Winchester to spend a few duyswith relatives and friends.Judge E. T. Hinton is able to beout after several days illness. Heand his wife expect to start to Michigan next Monday.Rev. 0. B. Crockett, of Nicholasville, formerly pastor of the ParisMethodist church, was a visitor -inParis Wednesday.Mr. C. E. Clark, of Danville, whohas been the guest of friends andrelatives in this city for several days,returned to his home yesterdayMr. D. Hume is at home fromGood Samaritan Hospital LexingtonJwhere he underwent an oporation forappendicitis. He is much improved.Ms. Amelia Barclay, who hashad rooms at the Fordham Hotel,has moved th the home of Mr. J. H.Stivers, on Cypress street, for theHsummer.Rev. E. M Lightfoot, pastor ofthe Paris Baptist church, will preachthe last sermon to his congregationSunday. Rev. Lightfoot will leavenext week for the South.Mrs. Chas. C. Leer and daughter,Miss Carroll Leer, visited their sonand brother, Mr. Courtland Leer, Monday, in Lexington, where Mr Leermet with a very painful accident afew days ago by spraining and lacerating the tendons of his right foot.Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive, of the Presbyterian church, who is engaged inan effort toraise 3,000 for the Evangelistic Fund of the Ebenezer Presbytery, has arraged to be in his pulpit Sunday morning and night. Themorning service will be held at 10:45and the evening service at 7:30. RevShive writes from Maysville that hehas canvassed the Maysville and Elizaville churches with splendid resultsA pretty event wa s the dancegiven Wednesday night by MissElizabeth Renick. at the home of herparents, Mr. and Mrs B. M. Renick,Wednesday evening in compliment toMiss Sarah Chowning, of Shelbyville,who has been her attractive guest forseveral dajs. Dancing was enjoyeduntil twelve o'clock, when refreshments of ices and cakes were served.The following were the dancers:Misses Anna Embry, Mary AdamsTalbott, Eli'abeth Tarr, . KatherineWilson, Anna Wilson, Sarah Chowning, (ShelbyMlle), Margaret Aidery,Eleanor Clay, Katherine Marsh, LouiseSteele, Matilda James, ElizabethRenich and Elizabeth Brown.Messrs. Edward Fithian, ColemanRenioJ-. John Ardery, Duke Brown,Douglas Clay, Ireland Davis, ThomasPrichard, Edgar Vansant, Blair Var-den, Harry Horton, G. C. Thompson,John Stuart, Cassius Clay, Joe Davisand John Price.BASEBALL!XPARIS VS. THE COV- JINGTON STANDARDS, jtSunday, June 33WHITE PARK.4T Opening Game of the Paris Ath- 4,X letic Club. oBattery for Paris. Linvilleand Revelle.!zADMISSION - - 25c. XIeoCANCER CUREDI guarantee every case 1 un-dertake; 20 years practice; ref- 4erence, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.SOICBlS01Special Sale ofShirt WaistsHaving bought too heavy in thisfine, I will offer for the next ten daysmy entire stock of Lingerie and Embroidered and Tailored Waists atfollowing reductions:$1.25 waists, now .OS1.75 waists, now $1.48 '2.50 waists, now 1 .983.00' waists, now 2.483.50 waists, now 2.984.00 waists, now 3.485.00 waists, now 4.48Come and take advantage of theseprices. We have never shown suchbeautiful andnobby styles before.amti:::Double the Joys of EverOuting with aW. Ed Tucker. IEOIlB$$3;93e&$$s8stetc9$$s$3$stt41ast Venn. 28S.Jttome130.Suitable Gifts for GraduationA special Bluepants, at $15, atJ. W.Serge coat andDAVIS & CO.'S.RAILROAD NOT LIABLEDELAY.iFORHolding that the failure of a railroad train to make schedule time isnot negligence, Judge Harbeson, ofthe Kenton Circuit Court, Mondaysustained the demurer of the Louisville & Nashville railroad in the suit"brought against the company byAmanda Brookins for 5,500 damages.The plaintiff sought these damagesas the result of the failure of thecompany to convey her to Parsi,Ky., on time to make connectionv.ith a train for Frankfort. She alleges that she was forced to stay inthe depot all night.Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay, Jr., ofthe Paris Literary Club, and Mrs. Albert Morehead, of the Progresive Culture Club, were elected delegate andalternate to the biennial to be heldat Chicago next year at the State Federation in Middlesboro last week.The Jackson, Miss., Daily Timeshas the folowing which will be of interest here: "Friends in Jackson arealways glad to hear of the success ofI Miss Elizabeth Giltner, of the facultyof old Belhaven, for several yearsunder Dr. Fitzhugh. and afterward amember of the faculty during the regime of Mr. Preston, the collegehaving never had a finer musician ortea'cher among the many there enrolled. Miss Giltner's ability as a pianist and violinist have never beensurpassed in Jackson, and cetainlythere has never been a woman ofrarer culture or more perfect refinement. She has charge this year of theschool of music at Paris, Ky., and theprogram for the commencement recitals show that she has gone steadilyforward in her work."The Mission Circle of the Christian church held an interesting meeting with Mrs. Taylor Chandler, at herhome on High street, Tuesday after-Those owning; weeds and other . lloon- After the program on the sub-k nds of filth will please dispose of Ject of "Mexico," delicious refresh-BERRIES AND MELONS.Raspberries, Cherries and Watermelons on ice(It) C. P. COOK & CO.DAMAGED BY HAIL.A severe hail storm struck thecounty in the neighborhood of Elizabeth and did considerable damageto growing crops. The tobacco cropsof Jack Leach and John Clay were"badly damaged by the hail, but theywere luckily insured against hail inthe Henry Clay Fire Insurance Co.,represented by Thomas & Woodford,of this city.CYCLONE STRIKES BOYLE.COOL LINEN SUITSFor the man, who's hot. Norfolk andp"?in models, priced at $10.J. W. DAVIS & CO.HEALTH BOARD NOTICE.A cycione of tHe Western "twister" variety visited the Atoka section of Boyle county, late Tuesday afternoon and left wreck in its wake.The cyclone was preceded by darknes almost as dense as night, causedby a funnel shaped cloud which hovered near the earth. An area of abouttwo miles was touched by the tornadowhich leveled trees in its path, blewaway barns, prostrated fencing andcrops and killed catle. No personswere killed, though several were injured.Anybody can kodak.Come in and zl us showyou how simple if is tokodak ail - by - daylightway.We Have Kodaks From$5.00 Up.Bar PinsVanitiesLong ChainsFansRingsMesh BagsLavalliersLocketsHat PinsCoat ChainsFriendship CirclesBracelett WatchesPocket KnivesCoin CasesFobsWe Carry a Special Assortment of''Goods of Quality' in the above Jist in' ISterling Silver, Gold -Filled and Solid Gold.We will receive this week another large assort-ment of Sterling, Silver Hat ins to retail for 50c aThey have made a BIG HIT."THE HOUSE OF QUALITY;'SHIRE & FITHIANpair.)$$e$3&SO&330&33&3d$dS3&SQS,6&$t9tsame at once. Such stuff istugly andf polls the heauty as well as the healthof a community. Don't let the frostcut your weeds, hut send out a strongiran with a sharp scythe.A. H. KELLER,(2u-tf) Health Officer.ON ICE.Melons of the finest variety onice.It T. LENIHAN.CONDUCTOR DIES ON TRAIN.Geo. W. Metcalf, 52, Pullman carconductor, died on his train on theL 4: N. railroad near Paris Tuesdayand the body was taken on the traino Cincinnati and sent to the homeof his brother, Deputy Sheriff James"Motcalf, where he lived.Mr. Metcalf was taken ill suddeni about 8 o'clock Monday night andments of frozen pudding and cakeswere served to the members."Mrs. E. Manson entertained at apleasant complimentary affair yesterday afternoon at her suburban homeon Kearney avenue, honorfing twointeresting Eastern visitors who aredividing their time in Fresno withMrs. Manson and Mrs. Elizabeth Farley. They are Misses Rebecca andTillie Jaynes, of Paris, Ky. Sewingbags contained the most of entertainment and after an hour or so of thepleasant diversion, tempting daintieswere dispensed."Miss Mary Allen Hutchcraft andMr.Winn Huthchcraft, the attractivechildren of Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Hutchcraft, entertained at the home of theirparents, in East Paris, Tuesday evening, with a five hundred party. Thegames were enjoyed until ten o'clock,when dancing was indulged in untilmidight. Delightful refreshmentswere served. The event was givenfiled at 8:30 Tuesday morning. Dr. in honor of Miss Margaret Stannard,t. A. liron was on the train andrendered all medical aid possible. Herhfied that death was due to parah&is Sheriff Metcalf told Coroner Fort'noyer, of Cincinnati, that his borthertad ben ailing for two years. Hevas married. He was well known in4 his city.CTRAW HATS FOR WISE HEADS.of Pueblo, ColThose present were: Misses Elizabeth Renick, Elizabeth Browu, Matil-I da James, Louise Steele, Alice RogersClay, Katherine Marsh, Charlina Ball,Frances Champ, Edith Hancock, Margaret Ardery, Margaret Shive, EdithShive, Hatiie Hill O'Neal, Mary Stuart Alexander (North Carolina), Margaret Stannard (Colorado) ; Messrs.Douglas Clay, Duke Brown, John Ardery, Coleman Renick, Edward Fithian, Ireland Davis, Tom Prichard, Geo.White Fithian. "Edward Mvall andJThos. McClintock.fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.Martin Bros0I Furniture lovinCity Transferand First-ClassLivery- ihv WtWmwsr-x, wd-, f, wA c rji liri'I Nappanee Kitchen Cabinet$ HIt's the .wise man who wears as'r?w now. Here you'll find allfvi and new shapes. $2 to S5.H. w. DAVIS & CO.- 11 Mr. Tv C. Lenikon has returnedOur Facilities forHeavy Hauling isGood.Our Livery is as good as theother fellows. Horses fedby the week or month. ,We would appreciate ashare of your business.Prompt attention given allorders.Both Phones 260.MARTIN BROS.,Eighths uParis, Kentuckyft Wood IVIarateiss,We do not claim this Cabinet to be the best in theworld, but we DO BELIEVE THAT IT IS, and WEKNOW that it is a great deal better than some makesthat are much advertised and boosted and we can.show you that they are. Seeing s believing. Comeand see-. Save you money.A swell new line of Brass Beds an.d Davenportsjust received. Save you money. iNow is the time to buy your Wall Paper at big .reductions. Save you money.Refrigerators Greatly Reduced. Save you raoney.rSAVES YOU MONEYUndertakingn.w.i.'m.mt1. jmi y-s a sJ-sacaczt. &)$zjr-', HA, iSZfeiLmmii4'j- --if ' " ""'' -- "Vwc ?? ,. - WB--v1" T'f . ';u'ESai233fc35UC!2CJa&5-".Ism9:THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., JUNE 20 1913' 9JL Jf. Caden210 W. Main St.,LEXINGTON, KY.9mmm&Do the women in ILa Fro$1.50 np.your city knowmwe specialize inLA FROThe Perfect FrontLaced Corset?NERVOUS TROUBLESKILL AMBITION.Tona Vita Brings It Back to Woinout, Half-Sick People.9One of the principal symptoms ofnervous troubles is a feeling of discouragement. A man or woman suffering withnerve exhaustion feels so worn-outand miserable most of the time thatthey become hopeless and depressed.Life doesn't seem to be worth living. Tona Vita has been pronounced byphysicians to be the most reliable andsuccessful tonic and nerve food eversold to the public. It is building upmany thousands of run-down, nervous men and women and restoringthem to health ad happiness.If you are a sufferer from nervousbreakdown, try this great tonic, andas you feel your health, strength andambition return, you will be changedin mind a"s well as body. Life willseem like a different thing to you ina few weeks' time.Tona Vita is sold by Chas. E.Butler & Co..i-Hi3 $Delay in enacting tariff legislationis doing more harm than would thefree listing of every article dutiable,in the opinion of former Representative J. N. Kehoe, of Maysville, who isin Washington.A bill placing the burden of pi oofof "reasonable restraint" on the firmor individual convicted under theSherman anti-trust law has been introduced by Senator La Follette.DON'T BE MISLED.Pans Odorless Chatting Co.Men's and Ladies' Suits Cleaned,Pressed and Repaired.L?'li"&" Sorge White Suits and Fancy Silks our specialty.AM Work Guaranteed Satisfactory'Iin'i! oi A T Qflinc' Panama nrwl Straw PTatc P.loonnrl onrlReblocked to your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.i l . Plvjnf- 40.ns Odorless Cleaning Ccx, Sam Levy, Proprietor.iil fllo.ps Cleaned, short, 10c: long 25c.Paris Citizens Should Read and HeedThis Advice.Kidney trouble is dangerous andoften fatal.Don't experiment with somethingnew and untried.Use a tested kidney remedy.Begin with Doan's Kidney Pills,Used in kidney troubles 50 years.Recommended here and everyw here.The following statement from con-incing proof.Mrs. R. F. Cox, 224 Cox street, Lexington, Ky., says: "My back was soboi'e and lame that I couldn't restp11 I couldn't lie on my back a bitfor six months. When I tried tostoop or get up after sitting, sharppains soiled me in my sides. Thekidj .cretions bothered me tooi was in bad shape. When I wastold to try Doan's Kidney Pills, I did.T1ip removed the trouble."For Sale by all dealers,cents Foster-Milburn CoNew York, sole agentsUnited StatesRemember the name Doan's and itake no other.Price 50Buffalo,for thei tGemini I ,OF CARPETS, RUGS, MATTINGSAND LINOLEUMS.Now for Your Sprin9x12 Wiltana Seamless Velvet Ru, ?S5.C0,now $25.00txl2 Axminster Rugs, $32.00jiow 22.509x12 Seamless Brussels Rug, $20.00,now 34.7-39x10 Crcx Rugs, 12.00,now - - 9.004 f.. Whesler Fmniitire 03Main and Third Sts. CHAS. GREEN, Mgr. Paris, Kya ImrrBMinn ii iin1 itui ii nijjit -""Truck Replaced Three TeamsPCm-mMEmJtIn eleven months this three-ton KisselKar Truck covered in actual service4,760 miles at a fuel cost of $1.08 per day. Manned by a driver and one helper,it replaced three teams of horses. The average daily burden was 37 17.20thstons. It carried an average load of four tons one ton overload but inthe entire period named, was laid up only two and one-half hours for repairs. ; Jz;"We can recommend the KisselKar Truck and assure that it lives"up to itsguarantee," writes Thomas E. Fleischer, manager of the Sheboygan Lime Works.Two and one-half hours for repairs, carrying over 37 tons per day is a recordworthyof notice. KisselKar Trucks cost little to maintain and are economical to operate becausethe problem is solved in KisselKar construction..ote the striking KibielK'tr features Simple engine easy to operate reserve power-xc- capacity differential lock preventing one drive wheel absorbing all the power on-!ipfer placet,, and stalling the truck four speed transmitters geai ed up fourth speedpet mining high -poed when defeired without racing engine ; 15 to 20 per cent, lower fuelcouhumption than average trucks light spring biispension for power plant, heavy spring-upciihion tor load gauge that weighb load greatest accessibility easy control largeruak drums, and extra powerful brakes special bodies designed to'meet every need.sCisseikCar1 500 lbs.-1 -2-3-4 and 5 TonsIn the range of capacity, 1500 lbs. to 5 tons, you can find just the type that fills yourrequirements-and with the KisselKar Truck goes the KisselKar Service, which is' themanufacturer's guarantee of satisfaction.KisselKar Service means taking off your hands all of the mechanical details.A special service building is maintained in this city for the benefit of KisselKar owners.The KisselKar service is a broad and comprehensive arrangement between manufacturer andowners that cares for the car, maintains efficiency, retards depreciation and minimizes upkeep. This service is a valuable consideration in the purchase of a power wagon. Investigate it.Ask us to analyze your present horse haulage ss compared to motor haulage. The result will be interesting.Send for free book showing KisselKar Trucks in actual use in your line and many otherlines of business.The Poifowing Lines of Business Have RecentlyBought Kissel-Kar Truckslroa and Steel, Lumber, Textile, Milling, Giocery, Dry Goods, Dairy, Furniture, Fruit, Commission, Transfer, Bus, Hotel, Caterer. Brewery, Building Supplies, Contracting, Plumbing, Canning, Oil, Telephone,laundry Bakery, Confectionery, Tee, Coal, Farming, Hardware, Ice Cream, Creamery, Produce, Crockery, Undertaking and to municipalities in Fire, Health and Police departments. We make them to suit theneoas of any business.Special Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther NoticeWe pay 12 l-2c for greenbeef hides. Call us upor bring it to our place.;Spol CashMAX MUNECK,8th Street, PARIS, KYCall East Tenn. Phone 374Professional CardsJJ. WILX.IAMS,ATTORNEY- AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Building.K. A. U KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 3, Elk's Bid gParis - - KentuckyBecome a Tri-State Shipper to-day for Ship-ping Cream to the Tri-State Butter Co., Cincinnati, Ohio, is SHEProfitable Steady year around market at the highest creamery butter price for butter fat; producers averaging from $75 to 100 per year per cow fromthe sale of butter fat.Safe A $75,000 corporation with an established reputation guaranteeing your shipments against lossor damage in transit.Easy You can make your shipments every three 'orfour days when most convenient, cream sweetor sour.Write For Free Trial Cans To-dayGive us a trial without cost to you and let our SPOT CASHPay Checks reward you.The Tri-State Butter Company,' Cincinnati, Ohio,HPM "T T&? 1 pot o Wttti on weea a tSEASON OF 1913.O. R. HUKLE,51 3 West Main Street, Lexington,Si ;Trial Over J4 Track 3 SecondsSlov2:09.l4.Sire of Nancy Baldwin (4 2:29l4',trotted over slow track in 1912 in2:12l4'; Beautiful Lady, two-year-oldtrial, 1912, 2:15, last half in 1:05;Nelson, 3-year-oU trial of 2:18, lasthalf in 1:02JA.SiFed bv Oakland Baron 2:09i4',Winner of Kentucky Futurity. Sireof Gail Hamilton 2:06'. Rhvthmic 2:06irf. Baron De Shay 2:0SC.Dam Egyptienne 2:18,by Mambrino King 1279.2d dam Bay Hambletonian,(dam of Egyptienne 2:18, Henrietta2:17, Fulano 2122l4) by Hambletonian 10.$25 to Insure a Living Coif.onieThere are times in every woman's life when sheneeds a tonic to help her over the hard places.When that time comes to you, you know what tonicto take Cardui, the woman's tonic. Cardui is composed of purely vegetable ingredients, which actgently, yet surely, -on the weakened womanly organs,and helps build them back to strength and health.It has benefited thousands, and thousands of weak,ailing women in its past half century of wonderfulsuccess, and it will do ihQ same for you.You can't make a mistake in taking'The Womani mm's TonicMiss Amelia Wilson, R. R D. No. 4, Alma, Ark.,says: I think Cardui is the greatest medicine on earth-,for women. Before I began to take Cardui, I wasso weak and nervous, and had such awful dizzyspells and a poor appetite. Now I feel as well andas strong as I ever did, and can eat most anything."UC&MI icuung araui toaay. boia oy all dealers.U ft:Phone 21 05.JHas Helped Thousands.DOUGLAS THOMAS,Paris, KyXXX3XXMSM3- ymil3$'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY.," JUNE 20 1913-aalves Can't Cure EczemaTn regard to skin diseases, medicalauthorities are now agreed on this:Don't imprison the disease germs inyour skin by the use of greasy salves,tuid thus encourage them to multiply.A true cure of all eczematous diseasescan be brought about only by usingthe healing- agents in the form of aliquid.WASH THE GERMS OUT.A simple wash- A compound of Oil-of "VVintergreen, Thymol, and other ingredients as combined in the D.D.D.."Prescription. This penetrates to thedisease germs-and destroys them, therisoothes and heals the skin as nothingelse has ever done.A 50 cent bottle will start the euroand give you instant relief.We have made fast friends of mora!han-rv-Se family hY recommendatingthis D.D.D. Prescription to a skin sufferer here and there, and we want youto try, it now on our positive pay guarantee. D.D.D. Soap keeps the poresclean; ask us.Chas. E. Butler & Co., Paris, Ky. -"WEUSE"DANIEL BOONE AXLE GREASEC)And don'thave to greasebut once aweek.Made in Kentucky by CHAS. C. STOLL OIL CO. Lexington, Ky.niiiiwimBnBwaBpaBWe're Now Showing Oisr PuSlUoe ofSPRING MODELS!fin the CelebratedScliloss Bros. & Co.High-Class Men's Suits.They Represent the New Norfolks,the New English Cutand the Conservative Models, all BeautifullyTailored. Prices'ranging from $15 to $35JUST I3NTOur complete line of Emerson ShoesJHawes Van GalHats,Stetson Hats, Lion ShirtsTWIN 'BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L. Wollstein, Propri or.Special Rates & Excursions.Eucursion to Cincinnati, Ohio,and returnSunday, m 1$1.50 ROUND TEIFThis train leaves Paris at 7:50 a.m., arriving Cincinnati 10:30 a.m., returning leaves Fourth St.station, Cincinnati, at 7 p. m.Tickets good on special trainonly.Low round-trip Summer Tourist tickets to all Summer resortsin the North and Northwest onsale May 15 to Sept. 30. Finallimit date 31, 1913, with liberalstop-over privileges.For further information, callon or address.W. H. HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, T. A."W. N. BarldevMrs. W. N. BarklsyWoman's Exchange & Cafe112 N. Upper Street,Lexington, KentuckyHome-made Cakes, Breads, Pies, Candies, Croquetts, Salads, Pickles, ChowChow, Ftc, received fresh daily.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Supper; also lunches and short orders at alliiours with the best the market affords.(28mar6mo)per FilllG8nt. $1,000 to $100,000W. KING & SON,"1251 Chcapsidc. Lexington, Ky."Roxie" DaI$!Che Insurance HgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::"liggest and Best Paying Companies.' GivOW "Nub":a CaH.w-. ' 2HeHoslS7S change'sCandy Kitchen,119 S. Upper,LEXINGTON, KY.If You Want to Put in WaterWorks in Your HouseOr Barn, or Bathroom Fixtures orFurnace, or Tin, Shingles or MetalRoofing, and all kinds of Tin Work,Guttering, Pipss, Filters, Water Tanks,Dipping Tanks, Sewerage Pipe andClay Flues. Concrete Work a Specialty. Gsive us a call.We also handle the American I ie dWite Fencing, and the best line ofCook Stoves. Oil Stoves and Heaterson the market, and all kinds of Hardware, Farming Tools, Graces andMantels, Screen Doors, Poultry Supplies, Harness of all kinds, the W. J.Oliver Plow, the best Plow on themarket. Horse Clippers, Cement,Lime, Paint and Oils.We buy the very best goods obtainable, and our prices are right.BEST & HAWKINS,4mar3mo Millersburg, Ky.Administrator's Notice.All persons having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Sallie B. Turley willplease present the same to the undersigned Administrator on or beforethe first day of August, 1913,provenaccording to law, and all personsknowing themselves indebted to theestate of Mrs. Sallie B. Turley willplease pay same to the undersignedAdministrator at once.WM. SPARKS,Leesburg, Ky.Adm'r of Mrs. Sallie B. Turley.10-3t-lewtypewritersRebuilt Cikc new!Remington 6, $23SmithlPremier 2, $23 'Remington 10, $40(Latest Model)Smith Premier 10, $40j(Latest Model)Monarch, $40Underwood 4, $40Underwood 5,J$45Oliver 3, $40Oliver 5, $50Lr4C. Smith & Bro., $35We Handle Carbon Paper Ribbons forall Makes.We Repair Typewriters.We have the Largest Stock in the U. S.The Joseph Candioto Co.149-151 N. BroadwavLexington, KentuckyI THE CLEANUP CURE.1 . S-Vv " fly in a Xt. house is a Ax ' " --7 ''', danger to the ?i l ''-'(i ?Jnea,th andI ' 't$w even to the &Y v J J & ''ves f nof T occupants.!L J m People do not &t jt- Irl rea''ze this, xx Sn J I rr a flyp t wu ja vi iiiuiv fo& 0"""NK z and toacrosscrawlwrfww uw cooked or uncooked, is such a commonplaceand simple thing that we do notrealize the danger of it.But if wo could follow up thelife of a fly for a single day weshould be appalled at the filthiness of its habits and the pestilential character of its peregrinations. Flies love the vilest filth, andthey are attracted alike to thesweetest and daintiest of foodstuffs. Just as in the house nofly can be kept away from thefood, so outdoors no garbage orfilth or decaying matter is everseen in the summer without itsattendant flies. It can be takenfor granted that every fly in ahouse has but recently comefrom reveling in the vilest filthto be found in the neighborhood.It is well known that flies multiply in exact proportion to theamount of garbage and filth in alocality. In a locality that iskept tidy and clean and sweetthere are very few flies, butwherever filth exists there fliesmultiply by myriads. The principle is automatic. The morefilth the more flies, the moreflies the more disease.Let us, therefore, instead ofcrying "Swat the fly!" clear awayall garbage or dirt in the vicinity of our houses and thus pre-& vent the plague from multiply& ing.333SSkS&SS33CAN YOU DOUBT IT?When the Proof Can Be So EasilyInvestigated.When so many grateful citizens ofParis testify to benefits derived fromDoan's Kidney Pills, can you doubtthe evidence? The proof is not faraway it is almost at your door.Readwhat a resident of Paris says aboutDoan's Kidney Pills. Can you demand more convincing testimony?George McCandless, butcher, 600Main street, Paris, Ky., says: "I hadoccasion to use a kidney remedy, andat that time Doan's Kidney Pills gaveme complete relief, which has provenpermanent. I got them for backacheand disordered kidneys. The waythey stopped the trouble proved theirmerit.""When Your Back is Lame Remember the Name." Don't simplyask for a kidney remedy ask distinctly for Doan's Kidney Pills, thesame that Mr. McCandless had theremedy backed by home testimony.50c. all stores. Foster-Milburn Co.,Props., Buffalo, N. Y.GENERAL NEWS.Senator Ollie James, who made thesugar tariff speech in the Senate defending the stand of President Wilson,has taken vigorous position in theFinance Committee against the imposition of a countervailing duty on meatand cattle, and Tuesday announced hewould carry the fight to the Democratic Senatorial caucus if he failed toswing the comittee into line.The decisive victory of Gen. Per-sling's forces over Moro rebels in Jolois expected to bring permanent peaceon the island.The Canadian polar expedition, under command of Capt. Robert Bartlett, left Victoria, B. C, Tuesday fora three years' cruise.Nathaniel P. T. Finch, 75 years old,editorial writer on the BirminghamAla., Age-Herald, died Tuesday.Dr. John A. Witherspoon, of Nashville, was installed as President ofthe American Medical Association.USBUMMaBaMBuiMkiMnXMftaMBeCBMUieJ Victor Bogaert Co., IJewelers and ImporetrsDEALERS IN HIGH-CLASSDiamonds andPreciousStonesWe carry a large assortment of Sterling Silver, andeverything in the Jewelry line.Your patronage is solicited.VICTOR B0GAEHT 00.,1 33-1 35 W. Main St.,Lexington, - - KentuckymmIUnion Meat MarketT. W. SOPER, Manager1S5 N. Limestone, Lexington, Ky.Telephone 1852"Good Meats' "Right Prices"Why eat poor Meat when it injures your health and costsyou more good money than good meat? Buy the best eatte best, have the best of health, andjthen'jyou live' thebest. The best may be had by callingJUnion Meat Market, Phone 1852.SPECIAL TRAIN EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURNSunday, jpNE n$1 -M3I L U JIMX JJJ j$f .25RoundTrip1RoundTripSPECIAL TRAINLeaves GEORGETOWN 7:45amASK TICKET AGENT FOR PARTICULARS.r31 SPfiTr-w.HRHNotice! Poultry Raisers4-11-44CURESCholera, Gapes, iimbernecR, Roup, Canker,,Diarrhoea and all Diseases of PoultrySOKE AS OOOD-2TO CUKE, XO PAT"SIaamjr!Miss Kab'e Bryant, BnJslown, Ky., says: 'I riavs used Rcags 4-11-44 for years axdtlanJ: : I the bestviuuiuj iuiicuj uiauc. Hemes ape3 ana iimDcniecK wiinoui laii.will Coomes, oardstown. Ky., says: Onechicken kills the worm and relieves the chick 1 nstMfg. and Guaranteed by J. Robt. Crume, Bardstown, Ky.icrnecK wiuioui rail.e drop of Recipe 4-11-44 dropped down the bill of a sapTogstanliy. Itis the best preventive I have ever used."Price 50c at all Dmggists.SOLD BY1Chas. E. Butler & Co.Woodland Stock FarmHeadquarters For Draft' HorsesDark Bay Horse, Weight 1,7000.Sired by Imported Gitter 58S03Dam by Imparted Queen 41490$15.00 To InsureBUSTER B'. is a coming three yearold and a young stallion of markedsize and condition. He is the kindthat will appeal to your fancy andyou will make no mistake in breedingto him.BURLEYBlack Percheron. Weight 1760$15.003To InsureBURLEY is a splendid specimen ofthe draft horse and his get have proved to be of the very best. There is asteadily growing demand for the classof horses produced by Burley, bothupon the farm and in the cities. Theycan stand more work than the aveagehorse. He is 7 years old, a beautiful,black, well formed and of the clasathat catches the eye. In selecting shorse to breed to pick one whose produce commands the best price. '5TU0CflEStudebaker wagonscertainly last a long timeThe Above .Horses Vil! ?Make The Seasonf 1913jAtWoodland Stock Farm.About 7 miles north of Paris on the Cynthiana pikh. Money due when coltis foaled, mare transferred or brec to other stock without my consent. Lien,retained on all colts until shason money is paid. Care taken to prevent accidents bub no responsibility assumed should any occur.STERLING HINKSOflMLair, Ky.j?I have had this wagon twenty-two years, andduring that time it cost me only $6.00 for repairs, andthat was for setting two tires.""And after twenty-two years of daily use in goodand bad weather and over all kinds of roads, I willput this wagon against any new wagon of anothermake that you can buy today.""Studebaker wagons are built of air-dried lumberand tested iron and steel. Even the paint and varnishare subjected to a laboratory test to insure wearingqualities.""No wagon made is subjected to as many tests or is morecarefully made than a Studebaker. You can buy them of Studebaker dealers everywhere."Don't listen to the dealer who wants to sell you a cheapwagon, represented to be just as good as a Studebaker."Farm wagons, trucks, dump wagons and carts, deliverywagons, buggies, surreys, depot wagons-and harness of aU kindsor the same high standard as the Studebaker vehicles.See our Dealer or write t.STUDEBAKERSouth Bend, Ind.lamnAPorn rfVXk crrv . KANSAS CITY DENVERMINNEAPOLIS SALTDLAKK CITy SAN FJtANCISCO PORTLAND, ORB.The SanitaryShop!With all the latest devicesinstalled in my shop to makeit absolutely sanitary andclean, including a PatentTowel .Sterlizer, IndividualCups, Soap, etc., believe wehave the most modern shopin Paris, We have just installed a new Porcelain Tuband an up-to-date Bathroom.Hot water at all times. ThreeBarbers, all experts. Wewould like to have yourtrade. I take this method ofsoliciting it. Is there a reason why we should not receive it? Respectfully,Russ Corbin.Flagged Train With Shirt.Tearing his shirt from his back anOhio man flagged a train and savedit from a wreck, but H. T. Alston, Raleigh, N. C, once prevented a wreckwith Electric Biters. "I was m a terrible plight when I began to use themand my stomach, head, back and kidneys," he writes, "were all badly affected and my liver was in bad condition but four-bottles Electric Bittersmade me feel like a new man." Atrial will convince you of its matchlessmerit for the stomach, liver or kidney trouble. Price 50, cents at Ober-dorter's.f ONEdown the throat oE a Veapey"chicken destroys the wormsand saves the chick's life. Afew drops In the drinking: waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPESwhite diarrhoea, roup, choleraand other chick diseases.One 50c Bottle oBourbonPoultryCureMakes 12 Galloms of Medicine. &-Every poultry raiser should keep a bottle ofthis medicine on hand. Write tor free sampleand Booklet on "Diseases o Fowls." Address,,BOUH0X BEMEDY C9MPAMY, LixfcigtM, Xj.For Sale by W. T. Brooks.NEW - BARBER - SIP!Windsor Hotel.Modern Equipment,Polite Service.--3Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORD?si -IWf '. s3:v'Y-m. ,l'v X."stfco-. -!&&&;-y-.-VItTHE BOURBON .NEWS, PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KY., JUNE 20, 1913WKb :4:. r-1 1iis) II-tff!-ItI3'l8till!JtrPH?lr4 .1BANKER QUALIFIES ASMOLONEY'S ADMINISTRATORMr. E. T. Adams, cashier of the Citizens' Bank, of Sharpsburg, qualifiedas administrator of the estate of-Nelson McLoney, who died from injuries sustained in an automobile accident six miles from Paris, twoweeks ago.' When it was known, to Mr. Adams.that he would be forced to bring suitagainst Mr. Evans, the owner of theautomobile in which Mr. McLoneywas riding at the time of the accidenthe refused to qualify, but later consentedlo act.The law requires an administratorin case of infant heirs, to bring suitwhen death is through carelessness or.at the hands of another, and vhatsum he will seek to recover for theestate has not been determined, although the suit must be brought. Iftfie administrator fail to bring the suitJie or his sureties are liable for damages when the infant heir becomes of-age.REPRESENTATIVE HERE.A. representative of the AmericanXia France Fire Engine Co., of Elmira,N. Y., was in the city Tuesday in an.effort to interest Mayor Hinton andthe members of the Fire Committeeof theCity Council in the product ofhis company. He explained in detail'the merits of a number of the best automobile fie apparatus manufacturedby his company, and requested acommittee to go to Frankfort to inspect the machine now in operationin that city, and which was sold to-that city by his company. MayorHinton will head a committee that."will 50 to Frankfort next week forthat purpose.SEX HYGEINE OPPOSED.The Eugenics Society of Londonlias passed a resolution asking theMinister of Education to considersrays of presenting the idea of racialresponsibility in the schools. It wasstated at the meeting by delegates ofthe National Union of the Teachersand the London Teachers' Associationthat any attempt to make sex hygienea subject in the elementary schools-would be strenuously opposed by theteachers. This shows that the teachers have studied young people andforsee the harm that would be doneby any such teaching. None of thosewho spoke for the Eugenics Societyhad ever had experience in teachingyoung people.CASE SUBMITTED TO COURT.The right of womem to vote forcounty school superintendents is before the Court of Appeals, havingbeen submitted Tuesday in the caseof Theo. Lewis, County Clerk of Fayette county, against Nannette McDow- Jell Bullock, on appeal from the Fayette Circuit Court, which granted awrit of mandamus to compel the clerkto put the name of Nannette McDowell Bullock on a special primary ballotfor county school superintendent. Theclerk had refused, because thirty-six ofthe thirty-seven names signed to her.petition were the names of Avomen.1 -, -Awaits You When You Come toOur Store For SummerWe Are Showing so Many Smart, NewModels at Such Remarkablv Low Pricesthat We Can Fit and Please Every One.Thisweek we place on sale some extraordinary values in Men's, Women's andlChildren's Summer Shoes, which we had the good fortune tobuy for cash at almost half the original value.Men's $3.50 to $4.00 valves Shoesand Oxfords, in Tan, GunMetal and Patent. SpecialMen's Comfortable ElkShoes, in Tan, Greenand Black. t1 Boy Scout Shoes,Special 9 Ii9v $2 value. Special3DCOURT OF APPEALSDECIDES LIQUOR CASE.The Court of Appeals Tuesdaymorning reversed the Whitley CircuitCourt, which fined the Adams ExpressCompany for carrying liquor fromTennessee into Willianburg. Theprosecution was instituted under theWebb-Kenyon law. This is the firstcase in Kentucky under the Federalact prohibiting the interstate shipment of liquor into dry territory.The court did not pass upon the constitutionality of the Webb-Kenyon actbecause "we have reached the conclusion that the prosecution against theAdams Express Company must failbecause this legislation is not applicable under the agreed facts."The court said that it would treatthe Federa 1 statute as valid. Theagreed state of facts recited that theliquor consigned to Jim Prewitt wasfor his "personal use,"which under aprevious decision of the court is not aviolation of the Kentucky statuteagainst carrying liquor into a dry territory. Whether or not the carrier isguilty of violating the law depends,the court said, upon whether the useto wrhich the liquor is to be put islawful or not.May Ask For Quarantine.Dr. Robert Graham, State Vetenari-1an, has been sent to the Live StockSanitary Board, East St. Louis andEvansville, to investigate the chargeof shipping horses suffering from catarrhal fever into Kentucky. Unlessthe shipping of diseased horses to thisState is discontinued, the Live StockSanitary Board will ask for Federalquarantine. """Suits S15 and $18.See our Blue Serge Norfolk suits at$15 and $18 before you buy. They arethe latest thing. We will save youmoney.16-tf HIGGINS & FLANAGAN.ROOMS FOR RENT.Unfurnished rooms for rent at 1012South Main. Apply to this office.(20-3t)Fine Stationery.New shipment of Crane's fine stationery in the latest style note paper,envelopes, correspondence cards, birthannouncements, etc.6tf PARIS BOOK STORE.SUEURBAN PROPERTY SOLD.Mrs. Mary E. Delaney sold the pastweek to M.r Clifton Arnsparger, ofParis, her home place, located on theParis and Clintonville pike, adjoiningthe lands of Mr. George Jones, andcontaining about five acres of landThe price paid was not made qublic.Mr. Arnsparger bought the propertyas an investment.FOR SALEA No. 2 Eastman Kodak, in goodcondition; will take picture Sy2 xZy2; cheap; call at Bourbon News office. (20-3t)FOOTWEAMisses andiTan, Gun Canvas Buttontt QQ sPecJalInfants PatentOuting strap Pumps. Special1STwJtlJLmRELIGIOUS.JCarlisle Advocate: "Dr. B. JVI.Shive, pastor of the Paris Presbyterian church, has been in our city forseveral days in the interest of his campaign to raise the sum of $3,000 forthe Evangelistic Fund of the Eben-3-zerPresbytery, and we are informedthat he has met with splendid success" The Kentucky Baptist SummerAssembly will hold their annual meeting in Georgetown in the chapel ofGeorgetown College and upon thecampus, beginning with June 30 andlasting through July 4. It is expectedthere will be several hundred Baptistworkers there from all over the Stateand the list of lectures will includesome from national workers.GOIN' SOME I BOUN' YOU !An exehange prints the following:A guest in a Cincinnati hotel wasshot and killed. The negro porter,who heard the shooting, was a witnessat the trial. "How many shots didyou hear?" "Two shots, sah," he replied. "How far apart were they?""'Bout like dis way," explained thenegro, clapping his hands with an interval of about a second betweenclaps. "Where were you when the jfirst shot was fired?" "Shining a Igentleman's shoes in the "basement of!de hotel " Where were you when thesecond shot was urea r An was ,passin 'de Big Fo depot."PROPER WAY TO FILEPRIMARY PETITIONS. IAs candidates for nominations indistricts .embracing more than onecounty have yonly until June 23 inwhich to file their petitions in theoffice of the Secretary of State, thefollowing circular letter to CountyClerks, candidates and County Judgesis being sent out by Mr. Crecellus:"To the County Clerks, CountyJudges and to the candidates fornomination in the August primary,1913:"As this department has hadtrouble with nominating petitionssent here for filing without the personal petitions of the candidates being signed, we take this as the bestmethod of informing all as to the bestmethods of informing all as to howthe petitions should be drawn up andthe proper officer with whom to file."First Have the proper number ofsigners to the petitions, which shouldnot be less than 2 per cent, nor morethan' 10 per cent less than 2 percent, nor more than 10 per cent, ofthe total number of votes cast by theparty with which you affiliated at thelast presidential election, in at leastone-half the counties composing thedistrict."Second In districts composed ofmore than one county, file with theSecretary of State; in districts composed of one county, file with theCounty Clerks."Please follow the above, and havethe petitions to be filed in the officeof the Secretary of State in his officenot later than June 23, 1912, whichis the last day to file."Children'sWhiteLadles'Shoes. Ckflkw w wOxfords,Specialvaluetwo-49cM tT3 HP 71 jQJCONTRACTOR TAKES HIS LIFE.Martin Brown, painting contractor,who had -been suffering from leadpoisoning for several months, wentto his place of business in Mt. Sterling , Tuesday morning, and cuttingan artery on his wrist, bled to death.He was about sixty years old, and issurvived by a wife and two children.RECOVERING FROM WOUNDS.Mrs. Harry Linvill, who was thoughtto have been fatally injured in anaccident between Carlisle and Millersburg is much better, and, it issaid, will recover. Mrs. Linville, herlittle daughter and sister Mrs. Fryman, were thrown from a buggywhen their horse scared at an automobile. Day Trip to St. Louis.By leaving Paris on L. & N. trainat 8:20 a. m. direct connection ismade with the B. & O. S. W. fast trainleaving Cincinnati at 12 o'clock noon,daily, arriving at St. Louis at 8 o'clockTrain carries elegant high back seatcoaches, parlor cars, electric lighteddining car, and makes direct connection in St. Louis Union Station withall Western, Northwestern, and Southwestern lines. Other B. & O. S. W.St Louis fast trains leave Cincinnatidaily 2:15 a. m., 9:00 a. m, and 9:15p. m. NigM trains have electricallylighted sleeping cars with individualberth lights. For information as tofares and other particulars, consultyour local ticket agent, or addressS. T. SEELY, T. P. A. B. & O. S.W. R. R., 513 Traction Bldg., Cincinnati, O. 6-lmoMr. Auto Owner,' Quit PayingGarage BillsSi-'hIs- -"-r tt-,e.-'--2r ' a- !W- . ;r'-' V;-J33lHjl-sffiw-issfeAn artistic structure for private use. Gives protectionfrom thieves or joy riders.The side walls and roof ofheavily galvanized sheet steel.Comes ready to set up. Allparte; cut and fitted. Absolutely rust-proof. Saves $20to $30 monthly in garage.Prompt, safe delivery andsatisfaction guaranteed.American Sectional Garage Go215-219 Stevens Building,DETROIT. MICH.A. J. FEE, Agent,Paris, Ky.high-grade Pumps andall leathers.$2.49ijJPp 1 BaataaalhS E I -J aj E S3-i r3 y3 1 ffllFi U ' ' r E T-mr-vLadies' stylish Shoes andj Oxfords, in Patent, Gun MetaljandSatin Pumps. CC1 k OkSpeciaL -.. 3 I fr 57IJDROYALBAKING POWDERAbsolutely PureThe only Baking Powder madefrom Royal Grape Cream of TartarNO ALUM, NO LIME PHOSPHATELIVED LIFE OF SOLITUDE."Mr. Ben Hollar, aged 82 years, afarmer living near Barterville, Nicholas county, died suddenly last v week,death supposed to have been causedfrom a stroke of apoplexy.Mr. Hollar was born at the placewhere he died, and lived the whole 82years of his life on the farm. He hadnever journeyed from home furtherthan seven miles, and on that occasion went to Headquarters to votj.He never was in Carlisle, the countyseat of the county; he never saw arailroad train; never put his foot inside of a buggy; and it is said that henever shaved or had his hair cut.His life therefore, was one of solitude.THROWN FROM HORSE.Thrown by a horse he was riding,the ten-year-old son of Geo. Gaunce, aprominent Nicholas county farmer,died almost instantly of injuries received. The accident took place nearthe home of the young man's father,near Salt Well, Nicholas county.Discovery of a "zone of silence" inthe Alps is said to have been made byworkmen employed in the constructionof the highest section of the Jungfraurailway. Heavy charges of bynamitewere set off with surprising results.The detonations were heard within aradius of thirty miles, then within azone of the next 41 miles therewas silence, but farther up to a concentric circle of fifty miles"the noisewas again heard clearlv.Dainty White Canvas PumpsFor The' Summer Girl.Dame Fashion has again decreed the cool, beautifulWhite Shoe, and the smart, Comfortable Tan Shoe.We are ever prepared to supply you with the newestand swaggerest styles in the prettiest shapes andbest materials.In Low White Shoes we are showing many charming effectsin Pumps, English Walking Pumps and ButtoiyOx-tords. The materials areaim vaiisiun. rnceu ljrLm-zpjz.zxKJ up.In Tan Low Shoes there are Eussia Calf Pumps, Buttonand Lace Oxfords as low as 3 3.5 O.RASH &GOOD SHOES264 W. MAIN ST,, - -enaRinnnsnrBRmvnIflli4BsBmKNK3tSKBW9xsiuoiam iuuk outA BUSINESS YOU MUSTFIRSTHAVE MONEYIN THE BANK et wYou never knew a father who didn't have an ambitionto see his son well fixed some day in a BUSINESS OF HISOWN. To put your son in business you must PUT MONEYin-the bank and gain agood bank GREDIT. This you canhave by starting a bank account NOW. It will' grow as yourboy grows.Make OURbank YOUR bank 7We pay 3 per cent, interest on SavingsDEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.. Capital, $100,000,00! Surplus, $40,000.00.IBURLEY DIRECTORSNOT A LEGAL BODY. ,The Court of Appeals Tuesday affirmed the case of Clarence LeBus, etal vs. E. B. Stansifer, from Kentoacounty, in which the Board of Directors of the Burley Tobacco Company,branch of the Burley Tobacco Societywas declared to not compose a legalbody.and an election of directors bythe members of the society was called,for next Occtober. Under the charterthe voting power was vested in thelocal boards of control and not thebeneficial owners of the stock. Thecourt held a violation of the personalrights of the members.BUTLER PARDONED.Thos.F. Butler, convicted in the Payette Circuit Court for arson and sentto the penitentiary for from one toseven years, was pardoned Tuesday by;Governor McCreary.STREOPTICAN LECTURE.Rev. M. A. Cossaboom , pastor ofthe Millersburg Christian church, hasaranged dates for several stereoptlcon lectures on foreign missions nextweek. On next Monday nighty June23, at 8 o'clock, he will deliver hislecture at the Clintonville Christian,church; Escondida, Tuesday, Jue 2nat 8 p m., at the Escondida schoolhouse; Bethlehem Christian churchWednesday, June 25, 8 p. m.1uanvas, Linen, JNUbuckCLAV, Srac,FOR EVERYBODY- - U5XIXGTOX, KY.in7 m w9,!!k In!111 Bmi . I- iV.s.&?jf " J. M. HALL,. Presicent!C. K. THOMAS. Cashier..