URBON2 Bfr I2KS3s )v VOAJV v.VLPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, AUGUST 12, 1913.PREPARATIONS FOR THE FAIRARE NEARING COMPLETION.THFill lissrM KLW5.r.vv,Ia.rTarIVj&pipm&mkE&eHIS?SIP:fefi5IF?Biing Us YourWatch WorkWe are EfficientWe are PromptTry us.i "' Til " TBI U If "v.r k. MZTfaWL' "V.att"tv nsi x"iI he Cannin;ssss'beasonIS 1MOWOnBefore buying your Cans, Jars,Sealing Wax, etc, see us.cary a full line and will savesome money.Stone's Wrapped CakesReceived Fresh EveryDay.IT. C. LENIHAN,Cash Grocery.jMen's Straw flatsjjgware?ATMALP PRICESPECAL PRICES ON "BOYS' SUITS v"One lot of Summer Underwear, ftjpsmall sizes, 35c; worth 50c. jjfcoPR16fc&60.6lOtfflerSixv'iNW&WmmmmmmmmIPand Furnishers giJ$'9W$gW2Wam3fc&r3'iPreparations for the sixty-seventhexhibition of the Bourbon County Agricultural Society which have been under way for the past three weeks arerapidly nearing completion. The fairwhich will begin next Tuesday givesevery promise of being the best in thehistory of the organization.The grounds of the society havebeen placed in first-class condition andthere is no more ideal spot for theholding of an event of this kind. Thelocation is all that could be desired,convenient and comfortable and theview from the grand stand is one ofthe most beautiful to be obtained anywhere in Kentucky.At a imeeting of the Board of Directors Friday the following assistantswere selected for the week of the fair:Gatekeepers George Link, LeeBeall, Harvey Hibler, D. Hume, SamEwalt, George B. Ray and Clyde Keller. Police George M. Hill, Heury McGinley, Emmett Edwards, ThomasReeves and J. W. Hill.Stall Boss Stoner Keller.Keeper of Ring Gate Walker Muir.Patrolmen-Gran Denton, Roy Turner and Thomas Maher.Announcer George D. Speakes.Ring Caller W. B. Kiser.All the booths and stables on thegrounds have been made clean and attractive and everything has been donefor the comfort of those who will attend Every day, from Tuesday morninguntil Saturday night, there will be"something doing." The opening daywill bring together a large number ofponies for exhibition, also saddle andharness horses, roadsters and colts.Many atractions will be offeredWednesday, among them being theawards in Class "A" of the Babies'Health Exhibit, which is a new department of the fair, and promises to attract much attention. Thursday willbe the "big day," as usual, and givesevery promise of being the banner dayin every respect. The distinct features being the rings for fine harnessgeldings, and a special premium of$100 in the class of fine harnesshorses. There will also be the sweepstakes exhibition of saddle horses.Friday will be mule day, a numberof substantial premiums having beenoffered for this class of stock andit is confidently expected that someof the best mules in the State willbe on exhibition. A number of entrieswill be imade for the prizes, aggregating 100, to be divided into threemoneys for the best suckling mule coltof either sex.Many of the best premiums havebeen reserved for Saturday, the closing day of the fair, including the ringfor roadsters for harness, sweepstakesfor roadsters, the New York saddleclass and hraft horses.The final awards for the highestscore in the Babies' Health Leaguewill be made Saturday, the first premium of $15 to be given by the fair directors, and second by the Babies'Health League, for the highest scoremade by tlie baby of any age, eitherboy or girl.Among other attractions of the fairwill be the poultry show; premiumsare offered in all classes of fowlschickens, turkeys, ducks, geese, pigeons, etc., in pairs and pens.Another important feature will betherr special premiums for green tobacco, $25 for the best stalk of greentobacco grown in Bourbon county; $15for thes econd, and $10 for the third.'WE KNOW HOW", l ?,y .-1-. i I- " - 3 SfsOur Entire Line oftraw Hatsare now on sale atHALF PRICESEASON TICKETS FOR FAIRARE PLACED ON SALE.Season tickets for the Bourbon Fairwhich will begin Tuesday, August 19,and continue throughout the weekhave been placed on sale at the following places: Ford & Co., Lowry &Talbott, Shire & Fithian, Frank & Co.,Logan Howard and Ed. Slattery. Thetickets can be secured for $2 for thefive admissions, and can be used forsingle admissions or five admissionsfor one day. They must be purchasedbefore the opening of the fair Tuesdayand will not be for sale on the grounds.BIG BARGAINS IN WALL PAPER.Wall paper cut deep at J. T. Hin-ton's.CUMBERLAND COMPANYLEASES NEW QUARTERS.IPMitchell & Blake more,Outfitters to fVferaParis, Kentucky& ,-?AKmxiissnartiir-WtWRSSPUSP WWM10 f)3't EnEnmi!iimiiiiVnim;m:ii:imiiiimiiini!iimin:2.&V.SSPrr9I-IThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.isC3EXTRA SPECIALREDUCTIONSThe Cumberland Telephone and Telegraph CQmpany has leased the secondstory of the Odd Fellows' building, onMain street, and will shortly begin theinstallation of the new equipment. Thebuilding has been occupied for severalyears by Mr. George Crosdale, as acafe. Mr. Crosdale will move to theTipton property, on High street.BE SURE TO ATTEND THE' BfoURBON FAIR NEXT WEEK.Be sure to attend the Bourbon Fairwhich begins August 19 to continue forfive days. The attractive premiumswill bring out an exhibit superior toany inf former years. Excellentamusment features.FORMER PARIS WOMANINJURED IN ACCIDENT.Mrs. Princess Long, formerly of thiscity, celebrated as a singer of gospelhymns, and also of concert faine, wasseriously injured in an automobile accident which occurred at Long Beach,Cal., receutly. Friends in this cityhave just received the information ofthe aaccident. Mrs, Long waas with ajparty ot mends when their machinecollided with an electric car. Allof the occupants were thrown out andMrs. Long sustain severe injuries toher lower limbs, while another member of the party was fatally hurt.t'&3SON ALLsII sREADYTOWEARGARMENTSFor Summer Wear4? tHs -..ofcv , -'- jfrf" ,FRANK cSc CBiMiMniunMMinmimMm;KiiiiiiniiMnijiiiiiiiiiiHiniHiiiiiiiiMiriiriMiuiiiujimimiHiiiiHiiMwmwiiwjrtMuiMmmmmmmmmmwmmmwMM9p&iifXTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 12 1913manatmmn'i- - -Ivtt. . . .h. . .-fc. . ..r.99 &&??&Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.IanTelephone No. 4.A&$nsBourbonParis ICesmX,&S'&!rEverybodyThe Blue GrassSix Big DaysCommencingMonday, Aug,America's Greatest-Horse Show.6 Big Horse Stakes. Running and Harness RacesDaily. $20,000 in Premiums. Splendid Display of Every Class of Live Stock.Liberati's Concert: Band and CraradOpera Company.High Class Vaudev.IEe Every Turn aHeadliner.free Acts Daily.Everybody from everywhereHike to the Blue Grass Fair.You may see all the rest,But come to Lexington to get the best.Reduced Rates on All Roads.For Catalog or further Information, addressJ CHIN . BAIN. Cflaiy,mKentucky Fair Dates.The following are the dates fixedfor holding the Kentucky fairs in 1913as far as reported:Uniontown, Aug. 5 5 days.Taylorsville, Aug. 5 i days.Tri-County Fair (Carroll, Gallatin,Owen), Saunders, Aug. 6 days.Danville, Aug. 6 3 days.Blue Grass Fair, Lexington, Aug. 116 days.Mt. Vernon, Aug. 6 3 days."Winchester, Aug. 6 days.Berea, Aug. 7 3 days.Fern Creek (Buechel), Aug. 12 idays.Leitchfield, Aug. 123 days.Henderson, Aug. 12 5 days.Brodhead, Aug. 13 3 days.Perryville, Aug. 13 3 days.Vancehurg, Aug. 13 days.i. PARIS, AUG. 195 days.Hardinsburg, Aug. 193 days.Lavrenceburg, Aug. 19 4 days.Shepherdsville, Aug. 194 days.Erlanger, Aug. 20 i days.Stanford, Aug. 203 days.Ewing, Aug. 213 days.Eminence, Aug. 21 3 days.Elizabethtown, Aug. 263 days.Shelbyville, Aug. 26 days.London, Aug. 26 4 days.Kicholasville, Aug. 263 days.Florence, Aug. 27 4 days.Germantown, Aug. 27 4 days.Alexandria, Sept. 2 5 days.Fulton, Sept 2 5 days.Frankfort, Sept 2 4 days.Somerset, Sept. 2 4 days.Bardstown, Sept 3 4 days.Barboursville, Sept 33 days.Tompkinsvllie. Sept 3 4 days.Franklin. Sep 3 days.HodgenvixV. -pdl 9 3 days.MoatiCello, pr. 9 4 days.?Horgantown, Sept 11 3 days.4)West 5 StreetthWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry lino. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes heck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your lirfen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateewwLaundry,- fucky&is Going toand Nights113f'JLexington, KyFOR WOMENIs Easy to Have, NaturalColored and BeautifulSo many women have grey or fadedhair; neglect it until it becomes thin,dry and lifeless, begins to fall out andmakes them appear much older thanthey really are. If your hair is inthis condition get a bottle of Hay'sHair Health today. Don't wait untilsome one says how much older youlook. You'll be delighted at theresults from even one or two applications. The grey hairs gradually disappear and your hair will become fullof life and vitality. No' one can tellthat you are using it. It's not a dyebut a nice, clean preparation thatquickly and effectively keeps your greyhair dark, glossy and natural coloredand that all druggists guarantee satisfactory or refund your money. Always ask for Hay's Hair Health. Itnever fails.Free: Sign this adv. and take it to thefollowing druggists and get a 50c. bottle of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.cake of Harfina Soap, for 50c; or ?1.00bottle of Hay's Hair Health and two25c. cakes of Harfina Soap Free, for $LL. OBERDORFER, Druggist,Paris, Ky."1Fair SFASCINATING HAIRHE BOURBON NEWSPABIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at Postoffic ,as mail mattei w rj. -t Pari-, Ky.::onri ciasbEstablished 188 -30 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year... . .2.00 Six Months. .81.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.Tbe right o publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Spacea newspaper's stock intradcou c of revenue.CACTUS GROWS ONMICHIGAN DESERT.(Detroit Free Press.)Muskegon, Mich. People who findpoetry in solitude need not go to thegreat American desert.The cactus blooms within the boundaries of the State of Michigan. InNewaygo county, eight miles duenorth of the Commonwealth PowerCompany's big dam at Gorton, with thepost-office of Big Paririe on its edge,is a tract as waste as any alkali plainof the West. Western Michigan boosters resent the imputation that all thesoil in this part of the State is composed of pine barrens and blow-sand.Their resentment is with reason, asthe exact converse is true. WesternMichigan's increasing reputation as afruit, country proves this. But occasional areas of the sand-blow can befound.For years there has been a legendof cactus growth in Western Mich-gan. Story after story was told of themytnicai cactus, but -nobody evercactus, but -nobodypointed out where it might be found.A few years ago a monthly magazinehad a lengthy article on cactus thatwas said to grow somewhere in thenorthern part of Muskegon county.It is related in detail how traditionran that a remnant of the ancientToltecs of Mexico, driven north by theconquering Aztecs who conquered andnearly wiped out their nation to founda new empire which died with Montezuma, fled northward, bearing mazieseed and the seed of the succulentcactus.They flnaly settled in Muskegoncounty, so the story ran, only to bewiped out finally by the wilder tribesof the lake region. The only relic oftheir presence were fields of wildcorn found by the early settlers andthe cactus.Some of the old settlers strenuouslymaintained until their death that thestory was true and that they obtainedit from the lips of Potawattomies andChippewas. Indians, they declare, related how an invading band of Siouxthe fierce prarie Indians of the Dakotas, swept into Michigan and fell onthe hapless Toltec village, killing men,women and children and burning theirwigwams, so that this New Carthageof the Toltecs suffered the fate of theold Numidian town.The Indians always pointed to thenorth and west as the place where thevillage was situated. This was takento mean the north end of the county.When the story was circulated thatia,uu tua,Lcactus was to be found in Blue. Laketnwnehin lnPnl rPSidpnfc nt nnro inmYl-ed to the conclusion that this must bethe place where the last of the Toltecsperished.' Naturalists have thoroughly scouredthe north end of the county, however, but the fabled cactus, except forisolated plants here and there, waswas not to be found. This is not surprising, as the Blue Lake region is covered with pine and scrub oak growth,and a country that would produce thisvegetation would not grow cactus. Sothe cactus and Toltec story fell intodisrepute.Now the story is revived by the actual finding of not only the specimenof cactus, but whole acres of it, growing as high as a man's knee in whatis known ,as "Big Prairie," Newaygocounty.Going north from Corton through thewilderness of underbrush and timber,there are three treeless and nearly flatplains. The two smaller are coveredwith grass and every variety of wildflower to be found on Michigan soil.The larger, known as "Big Prairie,"witn tne postomce or jaig .rrairie onits rim, is Micnigans aesert.Nothing but occasional tufts of longdesert grass and the cactus growthere. The brown sand drifts to andfro with every breeze. When a galeblows the tiny particles of quartz swirlthrough the air and beat with stingingblows against the face and hands.Hundreds of acres are included in thetract, which is open and level as faras an eye can see.REMARKABLE CUREOF DYSENTERY."I was attacked with dysenteryabout Julv 15. and used the doctors'I medicine and other remedies with norelief, only getting worse all the time.I was unable to do anything and myI Weight dropped from . 145 to 125pounds. I suffered for about twomonths when I was advised to useChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy. I used two bottlesof it and it gave me permanent relief,"writes B. W. HJJ1, of Snow Hill, N. C.For sale by all dealers.(August)FOOD HELD RESPONSIBLEFOR MAN'S LOSS OF HAIR.Clothing has had little to do withman's loss of the hairy covering, asappears from a comparison of clothedand unclothed men in the same latitude.j Hair is a horny growth, just likei feathers, nails, hoofs, claws, wool andhorns, requiring silicious earth for itsformation. All animals with greathorn development feed upon food richin silicates, especially grass for example, horned cattle, deer, elephants,who have not only great tusks, buthorny hides. Birds, which require alarge amount of silicilates for theirdietary by eating sand and gravel. Thewonderful digestive power of thefowl's gizzard is well known. Italianinvestigators have found massiveglass balls crushed to powder in thegizzards of fowls. Spallanzani experimented with .a turkey cock, feedinghim twelve sharp steel points in anelectuary, or cake, and he found, after eighteen hours, when he openedthe gizzard, that the little blades werebroken up and not even one hadscraped the interior of the gizzard.Since it is plain that food rich insilicates produces heavy growth of allkinds, whether feathers or hair, it isplain that food which is poor in silicates tends to reduce the formationof horny substances in animal or man,thus reducing the strength of thebones, causing them rickets, and inhens, causing them to lay eggs withleather shells. That in sheep a changein diet produces less in growth ofwool has been proved by taking sheepfrom Tripoli to Fessan, where, aftertwo years, they almost altogether losttheir wool. In Fessan they did not fin.dthe luxuriant grass to which they hadbeen accustomed, for in Fessan everyone lives on dates camels, horses,dogs, even, and man.That our domestic swine which aredescended from the hairy-bristled wildtjiogs, becomes almost hairless can beattributed to nothing else than thelack of silicate in their food. Thechange of the color of the skin fromthe dark color of the wild hog to thealmost white skin of the domesticswine may also be attributed to thechange from the natural food, consisting of fruits, nuts and roots, to thefood we gave our domestic swinewhich consists largely of milk, andhas salt added thereto, the greatbleacher.It is , therefore, more than suggestedthat man became naked and lost moreiof llis h.ary covering because his food"" ""fie- "i i"e "' &?wllen fruits had not developed their. turn Toori rT I-".ti niiiriTrnfoil r.-;- m o ntine taste or been cultivated by manto that end, prehistoric man, like theanthropoid apes of our day, ate largelyof vegetables, buds and young twigs,but as fruits developed their finer flavor man ate more of these and lessof the more tasteless herbs and twigs,thus diminishing the supply of silicatesand at the same time diminishing hishairy covering. When they ate onlythe inside of the bananas and threwaway the skins they threw away theirown skin-covering at the same timeThey began to supply something of thesilicate to the human system againwhen man began to eat wheat andgrains of other kinds, and for thisreason the white races of Europe haveJ more of a hairy covering than negroes,! Malays and Indians.But as of late the Europeans areceasing to eat whole-wheat bread,making their bread chiefly of the inside of the grains and omitting therich outside, so full of silicates, thehairy covering is being affected, evenso far as to increase the tendency tobaldness and thinness of the hair onthe head. The thinning of the hairin prehistoric man began first in thestomach side, which was less exposedto irritation by sun and rain than theback, as it was natural to protect theface from the play of the elements.Among many savage nations it isthe practice to pull out the hair onI the face by the roots, and especiallyis this the case with the women. Thepresistence of this practice throughoutgenerations resulted in the weakeninga - --, J . . ""na imai uesuucuoii ui uib uisu1H the Skin Which tend tO producehair, thus accounting for the generalbeardlessness of woman.GOOD REASON FORHIS ENTHUSIASM.When a man has suffered for severaldays with colic, diarrhoea or otherform of bowel complaint and is thencured sound and well by one or twodoses of Chamberlain's Colic, Choleraand Diarrhoea Remedy, as is often thecase, it is but natural that he shouldbe enthusiastic in his praises of theremedy, and especially is this the caseof a severe attack when life is threatened. Try it when in need of such aremedy. It never fails. Sold by alldealers.(August)oIn order to do away with Van Dykebeards, which are difficult to trim,Trenton (N. J.) barbers have raisedthe price for cutting them from 15 to25 cents.HAMILTONWANTSTO BE THE SPEAKER.Representative Elwood Hamilton, ofFranklin, nominated Saturday to succeed himself, said he would announcehis nnndidacv for -Sneaker of theJ House upon his return from Baltimore,where he went Monday to representthe local lodge of Eagles at the GrandAerie.If placed end to end the matchesused in the Uuited States in a daywould extend more than around theworld.COSTLY TREATMENT."I was troubled with constipationand indigestion and spent hundredsof dollars for medicine and treatment," writes C. H. Hines, of Whitlow,Ark. "I went to a St. Louis hospital,also to a hospital in New Orleans, butno cure was effected.' On returninghome I began using Chamberlain'sTablets, and worked right along. Iused them for some time and am nowI all right." Sold by all dealers.(August)LLMJLLIIIJI II -mmmmcmmm. "-I I II II ! I I iUL-CTgnZU, "g.f?7tsprry23f.coKK3isInT2:jlb3k8 & X&bJ " Ji y serais r-r disease-spreads them -overfiV cac-ca-aa-n a.Mr.si OCT -?', -1 S-: pC-SCXIS t3 "Wit2 yT.ItI.-cAr-r l "Jf-j! . j mS- - x - 3T. -T A J- ARE vT -poscl to uch dangers our only crnior is good rede blood.' r ,t ; oar ctorr.cch be of lood digestion, your liver activean:! your lar "3 ' of od pu-e z'.r and yoi dmz surrender to any of the dieabcarirjar germs. Tj.2 bet knovn tonic end chcratlvo. that corrects a torpid liver,and helps IgctIn that gcd L.ooJ i manufacture J and the system nourished, isIfee-l i-m r 1 1 "' m I I HH ! nil XJBTt EC 1 1 I m ms 1 r.Th'jj famous medicine has been soil by r-"rcino dealers in its liquid form forover forty 3ro.ir3, ,ivin prcat satisfaction. Ir'you prefer you can now obtain DtPierce's Golden Medic,l Discovery tablets of y r druggist at $1.00, also in 50c sizeor by mail end 50 one-cent stamps, R.V. Pierce. M. D., Buffalo, N.Y., for trial bosiTr'offino o- 1 fo are fully and propriy answered in the People's Medical AdIqgUtcDLiVJt, Ul JU,1& Vjacr bv IS.V. Picr. M. D. All the knowledse a youngmanor wonrn, wife or daughter should hao. 13 contained in this bi;r Home Doctor Sookccnta;n?nrr ()03p'ire3 with enjrrivirjK-? bound in cloth, cat free to anyone sendinc 31 ..cent stamp- to prepay cost of wrapping and pota;re.ccs-sa -STOJKF -V ??a2Sj,?5 -umiri!f"!Ais the coal from our yards. The fuel which wetake pride in selling to the good people of this cityand county.Splendid free-burning shaker screen coal.Every one says it is good. Lights easy, lasts long,makes a hot fire and has no equal in this market.BUY NOW FOR YOUR WINTER USEIF YOU ARE WISE.Hodson & Deof onThe Home of Good CoalYards, South Main St.v&(3C5g5Q3C5-SX2Xc3J6T?w)5F5nSK'rEjJIiri'i'iniwho has one,ephone works1. Sells My Products 4. Protects the Home2. Gets Best Prices 5. Helps the Housewife3. Brings Supplies 6. Increases Profits7. Pays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and send,to-day for booklet.For information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegrapfiCompanyTO -Twill!Corner Seventh and Main Sts.Dry Goods, Ladles' and Misses' Skirts, Waists, Shoes and1Millinery, Slightly Soiled, Big Bargains.It is not only lightnine-proof but fire-proof andstorm-proof, too.CORTRIGHT METAL SHINGLESlast as long as the buildine andJust the thine for town or countryj.. c:uicci cvciy cuhuiuou oi conuon, Deaury and security.A T. For Sale by JBest & Hawkins, Mi!iersbur&, Ky.- rr7T7rv - i - i Oni' VCi3 L4LA3J.. 155):6successBoth Phones 140THE FARMERwhat wonders the Cumberland Tel Ifor him. He will reply:DAYATgIncorporated,4i. Depafimeni Sinever need renairsbuildings, heram iVav. i . i J.i t'uKAaaAtAii ir .III.&l&V.iJLfcft-Handed Stonte Stingers.The right hand doubtless owes sopiG-thing of its pre-eminence to the Bible.The Hebrews singled it out for specialhonor, and the Scriptures containuite a hundred References in "which"the right hand" is made the typeand symbol of everything noble,praiseworthy and desirable. It isworth noting, however, that the tribeof Bi.a.min once boasted 700 leftlianded slingers who "could slingstones to a hair's breadth and notmiss," and that among the "mightymen and helpers" of King David weremany who "could use ooth the rightiand and the left hi hurling stones:and shooting arrows with the bow.'No More School Slates,Remember the old school slates,hound in red flannel to prevent thenoise of slate rattling that used to become unbearable, until manufacturersfound how to muffle them? Stores-selling school supplies used to carrygreat stocks of them, for it was u Tareday in a room that did not see a slateor two broken; tout where are they allnow? Since the boards of health declded that they were insanitary anddecreed against them, the whole tribehas disappeared.That he had invented a. method forsending pictures by wire in heir natural colors is the claim of an Italianelectrician.mmOMEDSOP.down the throat of a "frapey"chicken destroys the wormsand saves the 'chick's life, Afew drops inthedrisWntr -waterCURES andPREVENTS GA.PESwhite diarrhoearTOup, cheitraand other chick diseases.Oae 50c Botde oBourbon Poultry CureMakes 12 Gallons of Tkicdf cine.gB(T yft ji JWP... . -, . . ivaiue, ror example, iusei on, wnicn nasEverr poultry raiser should Irtep a bottle of it .,, ' . ' , .this medicine on hand. Write ior re tsr-sp!c!rSone up so .rapidly in price and is nowend Booklet on "Diseasss- Fowls." Ad3nesf4J worth $700 .a ton.BSilFi301' SEMEDr C0MPAKY, Islington, Ky, 1 From the sawdust -so treated theyg For Sale by "W. T. Brooks',;' quantities of the material being used- at tin a new process of making synthetic4 rer Lent interest? 7bber- ilB lin.ole f ,a veryw ..ww. wvio, Cheap tasid effective kind ot electricallimedepositsYour Deposits Are GuaranteedYOU TAKE NO KISKSIf Voa Are InterestedWrite UsMONSTATEBAKEMtiskogee, OklahomaaCapital $1tyQ8Gfully PaidCANCER CUREDXt.1 guarantee every case I undertake; 2D years gsractice reference, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.&00Martin BrosmmmmFurniture Moving& mCity Transferand First-CalssLiveryOur Facilities forHeavy Hauling is" Good.Our Lively is as good as theother fellows. Horses fedby the week or month.We would appreciate ashare. of your business.Prompt attention given allorders.-Both Phones 260.MARTIN BROS.,Eighth St.Paris, Kentuckytmmtmmcmm9SAW DUST MADE INTOFOOD FOR MAN AND SEAST.(New York World.)Why should man laboriuosly till thefields? For food.That is the present occupation ofmore than two-thirds of the workingpopulation of the earth.This means all the workers amongmore than a billion people.The value of their product runs intohundreds of billions of dollars. Thefarm products of the United Statesalone are worth nearly ten billions ayear now.All the while there are billions ofjungles Gf the tropics.In South America, in Central Africa,in parts of India and Burmah andCentral America vegetation is so luxurious that it simply chokes itself. Aclearing left unattended is obliteratedin a year.Hitherto there "has been no means&i -utilizing this tremendous waste.Jtfow a means has been found, and nowthat a good beginning has been madet&e new industry will grow rapidly.First of all a process has been invented for -converting sawdust intosugar. All that is needful is to putthe sawdust into a weak solution ofsulphurous .acid and put this underpressure -equivalent to about 100pounds of -steam pressure.Then the acid is separated out, andwhat is .left is a very friable sort ofcellulose iiber which is one-quarter alow-grade sugar. This is mixed withI a little onolasses or some kind of crudeoil to iorm a product known as saccfrulose. BETTER THAN OATS.Weight for weight this is better$ood -for cattle and horses than thejibestigrade of oats. It has been tried3n .England and as soon as the animalsfi:get accustomed to the new food,I which takes about a month, they beginto .gain in weight and strength. Ofcourse, they cannot as yet feed exclusively upon this, but .already thousands of tons of this sacchlose havebeen used in a mixed diet.A colt which was dying was put onthis diet and in six months gained258 pounds, is now in a fine condition.and gaining steadily.Colliery ponies thrive upon it much.more than upon ordinary fare. Cattle fed upon it make jl high quality of-niilk and butter, and hogs so fedproduce an exceptionally fine qualitykdi bacon.Besides the .sugar obtained from thispjrocess there are by-jproducts of greatcan also make a good grade of brew-ing sugar, a material for roads, largeinsulation. Also butyric acid whichi ic ll cor1 in rri7trr nlomjrTjrnrmo n mirrori taste. &lso anacetic acid, furfurol andj formal&ehyde,SUGATi FERMENTABLEAlso iliis sugar is fermentable andwill produce about thirty to thirty-fivegallons 'of alcrSliol per ten of saw dust.And these are only a few of the thingswhich, liave been tried so far.The .process, as may be imagined, isvery cheap and all that is needed isunlimited quantities of cheap wood andcorrespanding'Quantities of sulphurousj acid.I Tone xif sulphur products are nowj blown, away into the air in various inj dustrial'processas.i Now 'the wonderful thing about thejungles of -.the tropics is that a largej part of .theqn aretsituated aipon or closeij to plateaus, or close to mountainj ranges :anQ, 'of-course, to" liave a junglethe rainfall must be heavy.' This .means encrmous quantities of, water pawer.In Oae "heart -sst South America, inj Central Africa and on the slopes of theHimalayas acre ; an -extraordinary number of cataracts, ntny of tiim as largeor larger than 'Nugara, audi yielding7 enough ,power to fcurn ten -times allI the pneBeiitrmachiuery of the world,i These, watwrfalls :s.re the solution of2ife and 'industry, in flhe tropisss. Theywill be 'harnessed Jike Niagara tosmake eTaotfuifery.Electricity is the iiost easJly transS kvorted Kind of power known. rQuanti-tad railroad trains'ad miSes ,can beitfires of ix -aufficSent ttc- run greo: .millsparried for one !kun'dreil miles tr morefOter a wiiie.ELECTJIICIESY WBLL WO&K.It will fiiot be ihumaci labor whichrifl cut tip .the vast jungles o the, tropics aci-d icamrert a&iem into :&&,wdsEtsi, but electricity from the water' falls. In tlse steaming tropics the eoni' iMnation of fceat aiad hmnidity ma'kes'.voiUi extremely difficult. But even awiiite man can live in -the tropics :if, he san sit in a breeze .fnom an electric an and bas nothing jnore to dothan to turn little switches which control 'his water wheels and dynamosand tr$-nsmissioii lines.Evert the negroes ,of the 'tropics willpvork if they have nothing more to do'b.an to sit in a comfortable seat andguide "huge sawing machines which.I will go through the jungle as a mow5ag machine goes through a field ofI wheat.All the shard work will be done withthe electrical hands and arms, and thesavages of tfie jungle who never heard1 of electricity will soon be working withI this mighty jiower to bring to the use'of man the greatest store of vegetation which exists upon earth.i This jungle wood will probably bechewed up into sawdust and workedUp into sacchulose and sugar and the; rest, on the spot, or near by.i The product will then be shipped to1 the temperate zone and fed to thej cattle and horses and hogs and other'animals which graze upon, the thenuntilled fields of Europe and America.TJhis is the first part, and this part isnear at hand. But it is only the firstpart. The rest will be still more wonderful.I WAHT IS MEAT.! What is meat? Meat is just a kindof nitrjfied sugar. .If you could takethe nitrogen, which forms four-fifthsof the air we breathe, and turn thisinto nitrates, such as come from theguano beds of South America, and then I T J. WIIEiIAMS,"comnound -these nitrates with suxarI. ATTnpjrR-v.ArnT.,and with phosphoric acid yoif wouldeggs,' Nature can do this, and does do it inthe plants and in the animals, and inour human bodies.Although this fact has long beenknown the process was regarded assomething very mysterious, and as avital act which could not be imitatedby man.But man can- now make synthetic indigo and a whole line of brilliant artificial dyes far more varied than natureever dreamed of making. And he canmake artificial sugar, although it is atpresent dear.This is only the beginning of thenew synthetic chemistry. It will notbe a very long time now before a wayis found to nitrify and phosphorizethis sugar so as to make artificial meatWe shall beat Nature at her owngame.At present nitrate is ery dear$35 a ton and practically all of it isbrought from Chili and Peru.But in Norway and now down inSouth Carolina they are making nitrate in considerable quantities by electricity. At present it is not cheap andwill not reduce the price.NITRATE PROM GAS.But there are now two chemical processes in commercial operation whichpromise very well, and only recently aGerman professor has discovered away of making nitrate from the wastegas from furnaces and blast furnaces.He explodes the gas with a mixture ofair just as in an ordinary automobileengine.All this has come within the last tenyears. Any day may see a new process which will priduce nitrate for afew dollars per ton.Cheap nitrate and cheap sugar willalmost surely mean cheap artificialmeat.At present only about 20 per cent,of the human race has reached anyconsiderable stage of intelligence,jtfore than two-thirds of the earth'spopulation is still steeped in the densest ignorance. Even among the mostintelligent nations, like Germany, England and the United States, not a halfof one per cent, of the population hasany scientific education or any scientific knowledge.When as much as three per cent, ofthe population of one-third of theglobe is well grounded' in physics andchemistry, discovery and inventiongo on at such a rate that not only ourfood, but the materia for our clothingwil be made in vats and furnaces.And a greater part of the .materialwill probably come from these newtropical regions where nature is riotous in its fecundity.Rest in Forgetfulness.fWho does not love to shuffle offtime and its concerns at intervals toforget who is president and who isgovernor, what race he belongs to,what language he speaks and to listen to the great liquid metronome asit beuts lt8 8(Jlemn meaBure, steadily' Jswinging, wutn the solo or duet ofliuman life began, and to swing just assteadily after tiio Luman chorus hasdied out and man is a fossil on itsshores." The Autocar of the Breakfast Table.Few See Tiiinns as They Arev 'The mass of mankind will reverhave any -ardent zeal for seeing tilingsas they are; very inadequate ideaswill always satisfy chem. On theseinadequate ideas will always Yepose,and must repose, the general practiceof the world. That is as much assaying that whoever sets himself tosee things as they are will find himself one of a very small circle; butit 1s -only by this small circle resolutely doing its own work that adequate Ideas will ever get current atalL Matthew Arnold.They Take ISho Chances.The 'Chinese blacksmith thinks agreat deal of his anatomy, when shoeing horses, which are not numerousIn .Chiaa. He is so skittish in doinga job urf shoeing and so dubious abouthandling the hoofs of the animal, that,when shoeing Is required, the horse isstrung oip with Tope3 in such a manner as to prevent kicking. No exceptions are made, even though thei hor6e ?e y street plug of ad-j ancQ SeReasonably Sure.The only thing you can tell about ayoung girl is that when she is fiftyyears old she will look a great deal asher mother looks now. Philadelphia.Ledgsr.The German standard of light measurements is nine-tenths that of the international -candlepower.When you feelS'sus, tirecf, worried or despondent it is asure sign you need MOTT'S NERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normal igor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMott's Nerverme Pills U!J?3WiLUAMS MFG. CO.. Prop... Cleveland, OhioL. Qkerdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky...Professional CardsDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones 5 .- T' 1?J( Home 136.ResidenceE. T. 334.Home 334.DR. A. H' KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5. Elk's Bid eParis .... Kentucfrjaooin 1 Elkg Bmldinsr.have meat, ami the albumen ofand so on.PESTS OF SHADE TREEProper Protection Is Problem ofIVlush Importance.Sudden Losses Arc FrequentlyCaused by Overwhelming Attacksof Leaf-Eating Insects Keep-x Pests in Subjection.(By S. A. FORBES.)The protection of the shade treesand ornamental shrubs of our cityparks against insects, has been forseveral years a problem of Increasing importance. Many of the most desirable trees and shrubs are liable toshow destruction by obscure insectpests little understood, if at all, bythose immediately concerned.Trees which have grown for yearsbecoming more attractive, more valuable and more highly valued year byyear, begin to weaken and decay, andA Trap for the Elm Leaf-Beetle, Madeof Strawboard and Smeared WithTanglefoot.the owner does not know why. Thisis often due to borers or the scaleinsects or beetles, the presence ofwhich has not h,en detected or suspected, but which injuries might havebeen prevented if the facts had beenknown in time. More sudden lossesare caused by overwhelming attacksof leaf-eating insects, which, althoughconspicuous, are not dealt with because proper measures of procedure'are not known.But, of late years, a greatNvork hasbeen accomplished along this linethrough proper experiments and observations. Careful examinations arebeing made of the affected trees andshrubs and the life history of theinsects causing the injuries is beingstudied deeply. This is in order thatauthorities in control of parks, boulevards and streets, and owners oflawns and other private premises maybecome posted oi the habits and characteristics of the pests, and knowhow to combat them.Take, for instance, the elm tree.The spraying of large elms is, ofcourse, a difficult and expensive oper-ation, and the canker-Avarms, whichcause great injury to these trees areless susceptible to arsenical iroisonsthan many other insects. A cheapand efficient metrhod of projecting thetree is the preparation of adhesivepreparations, for trapping the insectswhich creep up, or down the trunksof the trees.When the elm caterpillars are fullgrown they, leave the tree to- pupatein the earth, and the female mothi emerging, being wholly without wings,can only reach the tree to lay hereggs by; elimbing up the trunk. Ifthis is enoircled at the proper time byia stieky band impassable by her orby young worms just emerging from'tlie egg, the tree is virtually securei against canker-worm injury.The sticky substance may be applied directly to the bark as a determent against the attack of borers, or.may be used on bands of paper, tin,or strawboard. For the elm leaf-, beetle a trough shaped band, theinthe 'Side of which is smeared withiTrap for Elm Leaf-Beetle, MadeorSe-i in Lower fcdge Should Becured About theices Filled in toPassing Through.Tree and CrevPrevent Larvaesticky material, entraps great numbers of the descending larvae. Usedin connection with spraying arsenateof lead on the leaves, it affords a verysatisfactory means of keeping theelm pests in subjection.Use for Cull Potatownen potpotatoes come in. uso thosmall ones that am rt rha ; , !tiiau are or ths cmt .-.marbles for theiens and chicks. Cookthem and throw them into the poultryyard, and no preparation will be necessary, as the chicks can easily pickthem to pieces. It is economical touse potatoes in th?s manner, those thatare usually unsalable can be convertedinto e&gs and assist in adding to theprofit from the farm.Cowpeas In Corn.Every farmer should consider the-"iMS ui cowpeas in nis corn. Thetuwpeas, besides enriching the soilwith nitrogen, will furnish' good winter pasturage, and if the corn is cutfor silage the cowpeas will heln hni.j ance the ration. About the best wayto sow the cowpeas is to drill themueteen the rows of the corn attne last cultivation of same.hmWipi Jf Ji iSPECIAL TRAIN EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURNSunday, AJCL 17$1d3RoundTripSPECIAL TRAINLeaves GEORGETOWN 7:45amASK TICKET AGENT FOR PARTICULARS.GEO. W. DAVISFENEBAl DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMEB.BOTH'PHONES-DAi 137; NIGHT 299.TwinBros.701-703 Main Street, Corner SeventhSee Our Window For$12.50, $15.00 and $18.00 SuitsjWMJ P V PtorThesefSuitS are!inthe latest sfyles and colors and areexcellent values. Take a look at them. We also have afull line of Shoes, Kats, Caps, Shirts andeverythihg thMen and Boys wear.TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEBTLf,WoSfstein, Propri or.Special Rates & Excursions.Eucursionlto Cincinnati, Ohio,and returnSunaay, Aug. io$1.50 ROUND TRIPThis train leaves Paris at 7:50 a.m., arriving Cincinnati 10:30 a.m., returning- leaves Fourth St.station, Cincinnati, at 7p. m.Tickets good on special a trainonly. 'Low round-trio Summer Tourist tickets to all Summer resortsin the North and Northwest onsale May 15 to Sept. 30. Finallimit date 31, 1913, with liberalstop-over privileges.For further information, callon or address.)"W. H. HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, T. A.PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENTWill cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching- Piles.It absorbs the tumors, allay, itching at once,acts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and $1.09.WILLJAiMSMFG.CO..Pron..rioia. rr '-. vwciuuiicr, uruggist, rans, Ky. j"Roxic" Davi$!Che Tn$irac H&MLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Firer Wind,Lightning : ::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Ofd "Nub" a Call.'2 Helios 137El1.23BoundTriptourtis&Overbyj Business Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3CHAIRS- 3Expert BarbersPolite Attentionand ofd Bathe arHotAHHoursNo Long Waits.A Share of the Public Pat-ronage Solicited.NEW -Windsor Hotel.,sModern Equipment,PoliteService.1&Everything: Sanitarv.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDSpecial Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther Notice3We pay 121-2c for green1Jbeef j hides. Call usupor bring it to our place.'MAX Ml NICK,Departmentstore,MIFF!SHOP8fch Street,Oall Kasfc TwinPART43, &Phono 374I&"HamjwiW'n.iB'w.wu'wVKw1THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KY., AUGUST 12. 1913feVThe Bourbon NewsEstablished Feb. 1, 18.81.W!FT CHAMP, - Editor andPublisherKBntered at the Paris Kentucky Postoffice as Mail Matter of the SecondGlass.)DEMOCRATIC TICKET.Representative Reuben Hutchcraft.Commonwealth's Attorney Victor'A. Bradley.County Judge C. A. McMillan.County Attorney Geo. Batterton.Sheriff W. T. Talbott.County Clerk Pearce Paton.School Superintendent Miss MabelBobbins.Coroner Rudolph Davis.Surveyor Ben F. Bedford.Jailer Jos. A. Farris.Assessor Robt M. Gilkkey.Magistrates Paris, Ernest Martin;Ruddels Mills, Robt. O. Turner; Millersburg, E. P. Thomason; Little Rock,ft. H. Burris; North Middletown, J. J.Kedmon; Clintonville, Lee Stephenson;; Hutchison, O. B. Lloyd; Centreville, J. N. Shropshire.Constables Paris, S. M. Turpin;Centerville, John M. Leach. NMayor J. T. Hinton.Police Judge E. B. January.Chief of Police Fred Lyik.Councilmen First Ward, W. T.Brooksk, Whittington Mann, GeorgeD. Speakes; Second Ward, Wm. Kenney, D. C. Parrish, W. O. Hinton;Third, Jack Woods.GOVERNMENT WILL FURNISHMILLIONS TO MOVE CROPS.At a conference Friday between theTreasury officials and bankers of theCentral West regarding the distribution of Government deposits to assistin moving the crops, Assistant Secretary John Skelton Williams declaredthe Treasury was prepared to deposit1100,000,000 if necessary. The original plan called for $50,000,000.The exact amount of the Government deposits will be determined afterthe views of the bankers have been analyzed. Generally the Government's proposition to put out the money was welcomed. Mr. Williams informed the bankersthat on "the deposits to be secured byState and other banks exclusive of-Government bonds and by commercialpaper, the Treasury Department wouldprobably insist upon an additional security of 10 per cent, in United Statesbonds.AMUSEMENT FEATURES WILLHAVE SWAY AT THE FAIR.The amusement features at the Bourbon Fair which begins August 19 tocontinue for five days, will be the bestever offered. The Litlejotin Amusement Company, which several weeksago filled a date in this city, will furnish a line of midway attractions thatare the best ever presented. Fivedays and nights of fun and amusement.Don't fail to attend.JUDGE McNEW RESIGNSAS NICHOLAS COUNTY JUDGEJudge N. H. McNew, who for the jpast twelve years has filled the officeof Judge of Nicholas county, has handed in his resignation to Governor lieCreary, and it is believed that his successor will be appointed within thenext few days. William Conley, aprominent young attorney of Carlisle,is tipped as his successor. Mr. Conley has the endorsement of the Nicholas County Democratic ExecutiveCommittee and prominent citizens andpoliticians.oRANKIN TO CONTESTRESULT IN NICHOLAS.H. N. Rankin, who was defeated byW. T. Parker by a margin of two votesin the race for the Democratic nomination for Sheriff in Nicholas county,nas filed a notice of contest, and thematter will be taken up in the Nicholas Circuit Court on August 14.The ground of contest is the failureof the election board to canvass thequestioned ballots which the contestant, Rankin, alleges were returned tothe board.It is alleged that several illegalvotes were cast, and counted for W.T. Parker, and that a mistake wasmade in counting of one precinct andthat had not the mistake been madethe contestant, Rankin ,would havereceived a majority of the votes.CALL FOR VANHOOK.Vanhook is an old-fashioned flre copper distilled Bourbon whiskey. Thebest whisky made in a State famousfor good whiskies. Call for Vanhookbottled in bond or in the bulk.For saleat all first-class bars. (adv)CONFEDERATE PENSIONWARRANTS SENT OUT.Warrants for Confederate pensionswere sent out Friday, stamped as bearing 5 per cent, interest. Warrant No.Lof'the new pension series, was sentto Dr. J. . Morton, of Hartford, a lifelong friend of Assistant State AuditorG. B. Likens. Inclosed with the warrants was "sent the following letter,signed by Examiner Stone:"Inclosed herewith you will find awarrant for the amount due you fromthe day your application was filed inthe Pension Office on August 1 ,1913.Warrants bear interest at the rate of 5per cent, from the date of its issuancetill called in for redemption by theState Treasurer."You shouid be able to get the facevalue of this warrant from anyone havimg money to loan, or who desires a-afe investment of money, because theState guarantees the payment of these"warrants with interest at 5 per -cent, asstated above, and there can be nosafer guarantee of their redemptionthan, the pledge of the State of Ken-lucky. Therefore you should be ableto get the face value of this warrantyithout any reduction at all."LAIR REUNION WILL BE HELDON NEXT THURSDAY,The Lair reunion which will be heldat "The Cedars," Lair, Kentucky, onThursday, the fourteenth, is an eventof State wide interest. The followinginvitations have been issued:All Lair Descendantstheir wives and husbandsare cordially invited to attend theBi-ennial Basket Picnicgiven by the -Lair Association at theCharles Lair Homestead at LairHarrison County, Kentucky.Thursday, August 14th.The invocation will be given byJudge W. T. Lafferty, of Lexington,and the address of welcome by Mrs.J. W. Barclay, of Cynthiana, and theresponse will be given by Col. A. Kellar Anderson, of Memphis, Tenn. Thehistorian of the Lair Association ,Mrs.W. T. Lafferty, will present a paper on"The Lairs in the Shenandoah Valley." The round tahte will be conducted by B. W. Lair, of Dayton, Ohio.At the conclusion of the program anelection of officers for 1914 will be heldand the committee for the next reunion will be named.This year's committees are:Reception Mrs. J. K. Northcott andMiss Eliza Lair, of Cynthiana, Mrs.Duke Johnson, of Richmond, and Mr. I.N. Lair, of Wilmington, Ohio.Registrar Mr. Joseph H. Ewalt,Paris, Kentucky.Program and Newspaper Mrs. W.T. Lafferty, of Lexington, Ky.Charts Mr. Ben Lair, Georgetown,Mr. Frank Lair, Cynthiana.Sun Dials Mrs. Richard Johnson,Prof. Johnson and Miss Johnson, ofRichmond.Transportation Mr. Redmond Lair,Clarence Lair and J. KNorthcutt, ofCynthiana.Entertainment Miss Eliza Lair,Mrs. J. W. Smizer, Mrs. Redmon Lair,Mrs. J. W. Barkley and Miss AnalenaAnderson, Cynthiana.Decorations Mrs. Fred Broadnell,Mrs. Mary Raymond, Mrs. Todd Smiser, Mrs. John Lair, Mrs. Frank Lair,Cynthiana.Luncheon Mrs. William McGibben,Mrs. Lee A. Lennell, Mrs. Ida Reynolds, Mrs. Clarence Lair, Miss BessieSmizer and Miss Analene Andersonof Cynthiana.The committeee have arranged tohave conveyances at Lair Station totake the guests to the old Lair homestead where the picnic will be held.SAVE MONEY NOW,This is the time to saave money onhouse furnishings. SeeJ. T. HINTON.LIGHTNING PLAYS HAVOCIN HARRISON COUNTY.During an electrical storm lightningstruck a barn on the farm of BrentHayes, on the Connersville pike, nearCynthiana, killing a mule and destroying the barn with ten tons of hay. Acorn crib caught fire, but was saved bythe prompt aid of neighbors. The lossis about $2,400, partly covered by insurance. FINE SHOW HORSES ATTHE BOURBON FAIR.At the Bourbon Fair which beginsTuesday, August 19, to continuethroughout the week, there will besome of the finest show horses everexhibited at a fair in Kentucky. Theopening day will be featured by thepony show, which will bring out alarge number of the little animals tocompete for the atractive premiums.JIM DEATON GUILTY;GETS LIFE SENTENCE.The jury in the case of Jim Deaton,on trial at Winchester, charged withthe murder of Ed Callahan, found himguilty Saturday night at 10:30, andwhen the verdict was read his facialappearance did not change.This is the third conviction in thecases, all by Madison county juries, D.F. Deaton and Andrew Johnson havingbeen convicted in the past two weeks.Ages ago, scientists claim, before themelting of the Okanogan glacier in theState of Washington, the ColumbiaRiver made Niagara insignificant bycomparison. It pluged from the upperto the lower valley in the Grand Coulee, a sheer fall of 400 feet.RICHMOND LODGE WILL CELEBRATE ITS 100TH BIRTHDAY.On Angust 26, Richmond Lodge No.25, Free and Accepted Masons, will beone hundred years old. It has beenthe custom among the lodges locatedelsewhere to celebrate the centennialof their lodge. The Masons will therefore celebrate their centennial anniversary by having an all-day picnic on theNormal School Campus, Richmond,Ky. Everyone is invited and expectedto come to this all-day picnic. Theywill have excellent .music of eighteenpieces, good dinner, and eloquentspeakers.Prominent Masons from all over theState will be present, and it will be aday long to be remembered. Amplepreparations will be made for an immense crowd. Don't fail to come, asdinner will be provided for anyonethat is present. The Masons are requested to report at the Masonic Hall,Richmond, Ky., to receive souvenirs,then join in the parade from the Masonic Temple to the Normal SchoolCampus. Upon their arrival at theCampus the band will give a concert,after which a brief history of the Richmond Lodge will be read. Then Gov.James B. McCreary will give a talk,after which the picnic lunch will beserved by the daughters of the Masonsof Richmond, Madison county, and theadjoining counties.The daughters of Masons are to consider this an invitation to them to bepresent and help serve the lunch. Atnight, at the Masonic Temple, therewill be a reception and dance for theMasons and their families only. Thisis to be limited to the Masons andtheir families on account of there notbeing room enough in the MasonicTemple to entertain the general public.ID FUNERALGAUNCE.Little Christuell Gaunce, 4 yearsold, son of Mr. and Mrs. Ode Gaunce,died Thursday night at their homenear Paris. Death was due to bloodpoisoning. The burial took place Saturday morning at 10 o'clock, in theJacksonville cemetery.WEATHERS.Mrs. Cyrene Weathers, aged 25years, wife of Mr. J. Howard Weathers,died at the home of Mr. B. M. Darnaby in Lexington, Saturday afternoonat 3 o'clock. Death was due to heartdisease.Besides her husband she is survivedby her mother, Mrs. Addie T. Smith,three brothers, Julian and GranvilleSmith, of California; Guy Smith, ofB.ourbon county, and a sister, MissAdelaaide Smith, of New York City.The funeral services were held yesterday morning at 10 o'clock, Rev. S.M. Jefferson officiating.Mrs. Weathers was a niece of Mrs.John T. Hedges, of this city. She wasa great favorite here where she atttended Bourbon College, being a graduate of the class of 1908.BALL.J. S. Ball, a prominent citizen ofElizaville, Fleming county, died Sunday afternoon at 2 o'clock at his home.Mr. Ball was seventy-five years ofage, and had been in his usual goodhealth and was not complaining.He was sitting in his chair talkingto his son, Charles S. Ball, of nearParis, who was spending the day withhis father, when he suddenly fell overdying almost instantly. Death wasdue to apoplexy.Mr. Ball was married three times,and is survived by his wife and threeshildren: Mrs. Rebecca Freeman andMr. C. S. Ball, both of whom live inBourbon county on the Maysville pike,and a young son, Holton Bail.TURNER.Mr. John W. Turner, aged 86years, retired farmer, horseman andmerchant died Friday morning about 7o'clock at the. home of his niece, Mrs.Mary Ireland Davis, on Duncan avenuefollowing an illness of several months,and which was due to his advancedage.Mr. Turner was the son of the lateMr. and Mrs. Charles Turner, whowere "wealthy residents of the Centerville neighborhood, owning a largeestate. He was born on December 23,1827. He had been in declining healthfor about two years.Mr. Turner was a descendant of oneof the pioneer families of Kentuckyhis grandfather being one of the earlysettlers, coming to this State fromMaryland. He Avas at Bryant Stationwhen the fort was beseiged bp SimonGirty, the renegade, and the head ofthe barabrous allies and his wife wasone of the women who ventured fromthe stockade for water in full view ofthe five hundred Indians concealed inthe surrounding underbrush.Twenty years ago Mr. Turner wasprominently identified with the Kentucky turf. He owned a large stringof racers in partnership with the lateBrooks Frakes. The most notable oftheir thoroughbreds was Yale '91, awinner of many rich stakes in theEast.Mr. Turner was never married andhad only one sister, Mrs. Lucinda Ire' land, of Paris, who died several yearsago. He is survived by his niece, Mrs.I Davis, and two nephews, Messrs.Frank Ireland, of Port Arthur, Texas,and John Ireland, of Lexington, formerly of Paris.The funeral services were held Saturday afternoon at the grave in theParis cemetery, conducted by Rev. B.M. Shive, of the Presbyterian church.The pall-bearers were Messrs. Jos. M.Hall, S G. Clay, John M Clay, JamesMcClure, R. K. McCarney and John J.Wiliams.COOK.Mrs. Blanche Cook, of this city,wife of C. B. Cook, died at the GoodSamaritan Hospital, in Lexington, Saturday night at 7 o'clock. Mrs. Cookhad lived in Paris for the last severalyears, where her husband was in theemploye of the Louisville & NashvilleRailroad Company. She had gone toLexington to visit her parents, Mr. andMrs. Jeptha Dunn, but was taken illeight days ago and steadily grewworse until death ended her suffering.Mrs. Cook is survived by her husbandand two little boys, aged 5 and 2 yearsold, respectively. The body was takento Cynthiana, Mrs. Cook's old home,Monday morning for interment.GOOD REASON FORHIS ENTHUSIASM.When a man has suffered for severaldays with colic, diarrhoea or otherform of bowel complaint and is thencured sound and well by one or twodoses of Chamberlain's Colic, Choleraand Diarrhoea Remedy, as is often thecase, it is but natural that he shouldbe enthusiastic in his praises of theremedy, and especially is this the caseof a severe attack when life is threatened. Try it when in need of such aremedy. It never fails. Sold by alldealers.(August)Born, Sunday; to the wife of Mr.Thomas Buckner, a son.Born, Saturday, to the wife of Dr.J. H. Comer, a ten-pound son.Born, Sunday night, to the wife ofThos. Mcllhenney, a son.MATRIMONIAL MIESx FLORA-CONYERS.A marriage license was issued yesterday to Mr. George Conyers and MissPearL Flora, both of this county. Theywere married by Squire L. J. Fretwellin his private office in the Court HouseDEATHSBRHCROPS OF COUNTRYDAMAGED BY DROUGHT.A loss of 300,000,000 bushels ofcorn, the nation's greatest farm crop,has resulted from the great damagewrought by drouth and other conditions since July 1, the Government'sagricultural experts estimated in theirAugust crop report. A total production of 2,672,000,000 bushels of cornwas predicted. This is 452,000,000bushels less than last year's crop.The general condition of corn wasplaced at 75.8 per cent, of a normal, ascompared with 86.9 per cent, on July 1.Kansas was hit hardest, the conditionthere having been reduced from 81 percent, in July to 30 per cent, on August1. Oklahoma came next with a condition of 44 against 87 in July, and Nebraska reported 67 against 91 July 1.These three States have almost 19 percent, of the total area planted to cornthis year.A bright spot in the monthly grainreport, however, was the preliminarystatistics, showing a production of511,000,000 bushels of winter wheat.This is the greatest harvest of wheatever gathered in the United States, exceeding the record crop of 1902 by 19,000,000 bushels. Today's figures exceed by 28,000,000 bushels the estimatemade by the department in July."Spring wheat, too, was given an increased estimate or production, it being 15,000,000 bushels more than thfcJuly estimate, the total being placed at233,000,000 bushels. With the bumperwinter wheat crop and a fairly goodspring wheat production, the total productions of all wheat is estimated at744,000,000 bushels. A crop this sizewould place the year's production second only to the record crop of 1901,when 748,000,000 bushels were produced. The harvest of white potatoes, it isestimated, will be smaller by 82,000,000bushels than the crop of 1912. A totalof 339,000,000 bushels is estimated.CALL FOR VANHOOKVanhook is an old-fashioned fire copper distilled Bourbon whiskey. Thebest whiskey made in a State famousfor good whiskies. Call for Vanhookbottled in bond or in bulk. For sale atall first-class bars. (adv)CUT PRICES ON RUGSAND CARPETS.Big reductions on rugs, carpets andfurniture atJ. T. IIINTON'S.Grapeseed oil is prepared in certainpartso fEurope. That obtained cold,from the first pressing, is edible. Therest is used for lighting purposoes, inthe manufacture of soap and variousindustries.DON'T FORGET THE PLACE.Don't forget that we have removedour store ta the old Fee Grocery stand.Great bargains in every departmentthis week to make room for Fall goods.NATIONAL 5 & 10 CENT STORE.Judge W. N. Gaiens, of Portland,Ore., is in favor of the whipping postfor white slavers.A SURE CURE' GUARANTEE.If your fowls have cholera, roup,limberneck, white diarrhea, or blackhead, use Laughlin's Cholera Cure andif it don't cure I will refund yourmoney.F. B. LAUGHLIN.12-2t E. T. Phone 836Some of the more progressive of thewomen in the Bohemian quarter ofParis are carrying the "futurist" colorschemes into the makeup for theirfaces. Not only are they decking themselves in crude green, yellow or mauvehats or gowns, but are using yellow orblue powder on their faces. The darkgirl transforms herself into a siennatinted charmer, while the blondschoose mauve or blue.FREE TRIAL.Fourth shipment of ElectricIrons just l received by ParisGas & Electric Co. Phone forone to be sent to your homeon two weeks' free trial.NOTICE TO ICE CONSUMERS.On account of the drouth depletingour water supply we were compelled topay high freights on imported ice, and,as a consequence, we temporarilymade a slight raise in our price. Therains have renewed our water supply,and on Monday we will -reduce theprice to the former scale.(ll-2t) PARIS ICE MAN'FG. CO.HOW THE TROUBLE STARTS.Constipation is the cause of manyailments and disorders that make lifemiserable. Take Chamberlain's Tablets, keep your bowels regular and youwill avoid these diseases. For sale byall dealers.(August)NERVOUS TROUBLESDRIVE AWAY HAPPINESS.People who are all run down inhealth who are worn out, nervous andhalf-sick, are apt to be thoroughly discouraged. They are half-hearted, listless and depressed, and feel that thisis a terrible world with many pains init, and few pleasures.This state of mind is recognized byphysicians as a cdmmon symptom ofnervous debility.If you are one of the many Americans who are suffering with nervousbreakdown or nerve exhaustion, youcan get back your old health and spirits in a few weeks time. Go to yourdruggist and obtain a bottle of TonaVita. This remarkable tonic is helping thousands back to health and itwill not fail in your case. You will beastonished how quickly it will buildyou up both in mind and body.Tona Vita is sold by Chas. E. Butler & Co. '-OFFICERS' OF RATHBONELODGE ARE INSTALLED.The following new officers of Rathbone Lodge, K. of P., were duly installed last week by District DeputyN. H. Ecklar:Chancellor Commander B; R. Dickerson. Vice Chancellor Clarence Gifford.Prelate William Gifford.Master of Work Ira Bowen.Master at Arms N. H. Ecklar.Keeper of Records and Seal PerryJ. McCord.Master of Exchequer E. B. January. Master of Finance P. J. McCord.Inner Guard Marion Shaw.Outer Guard W. W. Dudley.For burning stumps a Washingtonman has invented a gas burner whichis operated within a bell-shaped metalcover entirely surround a stump.Famous Paragraph by a Cynic.Zapata, having received no response, began preaching simply ofGod. He taught people of the fatherof mankind, the rewarder, the punisher and pardoner. He separated truthfrom falsehood and religion from fanaticism. He taught any practicedvirtue. He was. gentle, kind heartedand modest, and was burned at thestake at Valladolid in the year of ourLord, 1651. Voltaire.TO MAMMOTH CAVEAUGUST 20, 1913LAST GREAT REDUCTION.Round trip railroad faro $5.65.Board at the Cave Hotel, including theseveral routes in the Cave for $6.50.Making total cost for three days' trip$12.15; going on regular morningtrains. Limit on tickets 10 days.Write or phone L. & N. agent. 5aug5tLOST.Bunch of keys on streets of Paris.Finder return toWM. SMITH,At Cemetery.Oldest FairIG7th Annual Pair of theBourbon CountycAgricultural Society5 BIG Days 5AUGUST 19, 209 21, 22, 23, 1913.The Program this year is decidedly the bestever offered in all its history. Write for Catalog,LittSejohn's Big United Shewswill furnish the attractions for the Midway. Twentyclean attractions.High Dive and Balloon AscensionEvery Day-Write to the undersigned for entry blanks andinformation.JOHNI Secretary. KWWINDINSURANCE!Fire andLightningDPS&12 Big CompaniesAn analysis of the views of 1,000scientists resulted in this list of the-modern "seven wonders of the world:""Wireless telegraphy, the telephone, the'areoplane, radium, antiseptics, spectrum analysis and X-ray.A Massachusetts colporteur who'travels about five thousand milesyear uses a completely equipped carriage as a permanent home.Notice to Creditors..All persons indebted to us please?call and settle before August 25.8-5t SAM'L KERSLAKE & SON.NOTICE.All persons knowing themselves indebted to the estate of J. H. Linvilledeceased, will please come and settle-same at once; also those having claims-against said estate will please presentthem, properly proven as prescribed?by law, to undersigned.W. V. HUFFMAN,Administrator J. H. Linville.For SaleUnusually nice Shetland pony, thoroughly broke for children. Also driving horse for lday.E. F. CLAY, JR.,Cunberland Phone 413. Paris, Ky.FOR SALE.Spiderr phaeton in perfect condition.Will sell cheap. Apply toMRS. HENRY SKILLMAN,.Lexington, Ky.Notice to MerchantsOn and after this date I will not beresponsible for any accounts contracted by other persons in my name unlesssame is made upon a written order,,signed by myself.W. M. GILLESPIE;.Paris, Ky., Aug. 1, 1913.if.in the State ISWIGGINS,Secretary.at. i , mm rkWOODFORDJr 1J.tTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 12, 19 1JS5ir,iI'-.'Aii &'VaB.J". f -J .?& ws.HAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADESpecIaS prices onFurniture, Ice CreamFreezers and PorchShades. Old HickoryFurniture goes atcost.tf E. M. WHEELER,YOU WILL BE PLEASED.Get shoe satisfaction by traing(18-tf) FELD'S.atSUCCESSFUL CANDIDATESSECURE CERTIFICATES.The Election Commissioners ofBourbon county issued certificates ofelection Friday to the city and countyofficials "vvho received the nominationat the primary election on August 2.H. C. WHALEY QUALIFESAS ADMINISTRATOR OF BROTHERMr. H. Clay Whaley has qualified asadministrator of the estate of hisbrother, the late Mr. Horton L. WhaJey, with Mr. James H. Whaley assurty. The estate consists of realestate in Paris and personal property.BCiRBON MEN JUDGESAT BLUE GRASS FAIR.Hon. J. Hall Woodford, of Paris, isr ting at Judge in the sheep class att:e Blue Grass Fair in Lexington thisveek, and Mr. J. B. Long, of Millersburg, is judging in the classes of jacksand jennets.DON'T FORGET THE PLACE.Don't forget that we have removerour store to the old Fee Grocery stand.Great bargains this week to make roomfor Fall goods.NATIONAL, 5 & 10 CENT STORE.SEE OUR WINDOW.See J. T. Hinton's windowsslaughter of porch furniture.forHUNTING PARTY BAGSLARGE NUMBER OF DOVES.Messrs. Amos and Jack Turney entertained a few of their friends Saturday afternoon at their home on theMaysville pike with a dove hunt. Theparty bagged about 69 birds.HIGHHONOR CONFERREDON DR. MARTHA PETREEDr. Martha Petree, of this city, Secretary of the State Osteopathic Association, and one of Kentucky's leadingosteopathic physicians, was honoredby being elected a member off theBoard of Trustees of the American Osteopathic Association, in session atKlrksville, Mo., Thursday.BARN AT SHAWHANDESTROYED BY FIRE.The barn of J. W. Farmer at Shawhan, was struck by lightnning duringthe electric storm Fr'day night anddestroyed by the fire which followed.The building contained a quantity ofgrain and farming implements.NOTICE.Having sold our business to Prichard & Ball, we will appreciate it verymuch if those having accounts with uswhich are due, will call and settlesame, as we have some heavy obligations to meet before we can wind upour business.8-3t YERKES & PRICHARD.RESIDENCE AT RUDDLESMILLS BURNED TO GROUND.The residence occupied by Mr.Claude Pope, near Ruddles Mills, wasdestroyed by fire Saturday night. Theblaze resulted from a defective flueand had gained considerable headwaybefore it was discovered. Mr. Popelost all of his household effects.Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.MR. BURNAUGH WILLLOCATE IN NEW YORK.Mr. Maurice BurnauglC son of Mr.and Mrs. J. I. Burnaugh, of this city,Avho has been employed as sportingwriter on the Lexington Leader, hasresigned his position and will leaveThursday night for New York, wherehe expects to secure employment innewspaper work. He will visit hisparents before taking his departure.CHASE & SANBORNCOFFEES AND TEAS.We have a full line.C. P.COOK & CO.DON'T FORGET.It's your fault if you don'tiron in the cool. Phone theElectric Co. lo send you anElectric Iron on two weeks'trial. Before you forget it.FOUNTAIN ERECTED OVERGRAVE OF PROF. JOHN FOX.A beautiful fountain has been erectedin the Paris Cemetery to the memoryof Prof. John W. Fox, by the sonsand daughters of the deceased. Prof. ',v J05t.4 tfWlOFox, who was the father of John Fox,Jr., the noted Kentucky novelist, was alover of nature, especially birds andit seemes appropriate that the hundreds of these feathered favorites mayfind refershment at the spot wheretheir friend in life sleeps his last longsleep. The constantly falling waterhas maed the spot where his remainsrest one of refreshing beauty.V;SOCIAL JHD PERSBHULMr. Edgar Vansant is visiting relatives in Harrodsburg.Miss Hazel Duval was the guestj of friends in Lexington Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Booth leftSunday for Louisville to reside permanently. Dr. H. E. Foster will leave Monday for Owenton. He will be absentabout a week.Mr. und Mrs. Richard Sparks, ofMidway, are visiting Mrs. Emily Parker and Mrs. Sallie Pullen.Mrs. Jesse Elam and children, ofAshland, are visiting the former's parents, Mr. and Mrs. N. Krieiier, onTwelfth street, tMr. W. B. Day, of Lee Loop,Kansas, has returned to his home aftera visit to his brother, Mr. J. L. Day,near this city.Miss Jessie Mae Ockerman, whohas been the guest of friends in Win-;Chester, has gone to Richmond for avisit to Mrs. June Baxter.Miss Frances Champ has returnedfrom several weeks' visit in Cincinnati.She was the guest of Miss DorcasUssery and Miss Edna Holdt.Judge E. B. January will go toLexington to-day to attend a meetingof the Board of Control of the OddFellows' Widows' and Orphans' Home.Miss Willie T. Summers, whoh asbeen visiting friends in Louisville, hasreturned home and will assumecharge of her class in music in September. Messrs. George Alexander andThomas Prichard, of this city, entertained with a dinner party at theCountry Club in Fayette County Saturday evening.Mrs. Anna Pierce, of Cincinnati,0., and little Miss Mary Kiely, of Covington, Ky., are pleasant guests ofMrs. E. C. Kiely, and will remain forthe Bourbon Fair.Mr. Oscar Day, of Louisville, whohas been the guest of Mrs. GeorgePlemons and Mr. Tom Day, in this city,for several days, returned to his homeSaturday morning.Mrs. Swift Champ has returnedfrom a several weeks' auto tour of theNorthwestern part of the State, theguest of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph B.Borders, of Columbus, O.Ir. Thompson Tarr continues quiteill at his home on the Georgetownpike with typhoid fever. His brother,Mr. Fisher Tarr, arrived Saturdayfrom Cincinnati to take charge of hisbusiness interests in the Bourbon Lumber Co.The large stock barn of Dr. B. F.Reynolds, four miles from Carlisle,was struck by lightning during astorm and burned to the ground. Alarge quantity of feed was burned anda valuable horse and two hogs perished in the flames.Mrs. E. H. Rutherford, formerly ofBaris, who now lives at Versailles,with her sister, Mrs. Routt, left Monday for Asheville, North Carolina, accompanied by Miss Mary Bullock, ofLexington, as her guest for thetrip, and they will spend a month atthat beautiful place.Miss Frances Johnson, organist ofthe Paris Presbyterian Church, willleave Monday for New York City, andfrom there will go to Berlin to be absent about two years. Miss Johnsonis already a brilliant organist andpianist, but is ambitious to becomemore -proficient in her chosen profession. The members of the church expressed their appreciation of her services in a very substantial manner, bypresenting her with a purse. MissJohnson's sister, Mrs. J. Simms Wilson, entertained for her Friday afternoon with a beautiful tea, which wasenjoyed by about twenty-five guests.The hours were spent on the spaciousporch and lawn, and delicious tea,sandwiches, ices, individual cakes andmallow mints were served in the dining room, which was attractively decorated with garden flowers. MissJohnson's many friends wish for hera pleasant voyage and a profitableterm of study.Mr. and Mrs. F. B. Berkley entertained Thursday evening at their homeon the Maysville pike. Those presentwere: Mr. W. W, Berkley, of Hamilton, O.; Bessie Keefe, Nellie Kayse,Margaret Sprake, Jack Clarkston,Rosa Norman, Edna Hale, Jay Hanna,Lucille McLeod, Elizabeth Montgomery, Jennie Cord, Frances Berkly, Helen Berkkley, Beulah Latta, Jessie Poe,Lee Yellman, Major Sharp, DillardLutes, Frank Whitehurst, Edlo Boken,Essie Bunton, Mr. Bacon, A. W. Berkley, Russell Robey, Lexington, JosephFletcher, Mr. Speake, Lexington, Thurman Chism, Bob Taylor, Luther Jacoby, Mr. and Mrs. Walter Carter, Mrs.Bird Berkley, Cincinnati, Sampy Johhnson, C. Jones, Gano Daley, Oma Jones,J. B. .Latta, wm. Matungiy, juima graham, Jas. Wilbern, Florence Berkley,Helen Berkley, Cincinnati, Lillie MayArthur, Eula Poston, Flemingsburg,Lillie Walters, Ethel Chism, Lawrence Lawson.A number of young people fromMillersburg enjoyed a hay ride to thiscity Friday evening, the occasion beingin honor of several visitors. After avisit to the picture theatres the entireparty enjoyed an elaborate supper atCrosda'le's Cafe. Those comprising theparty were:Misses Virginia Hutchcraft, Elizabeth Ingels, Mary Shanklin, BettieMaris, (London), Kizzie Mae McDaniel, Lavina Reynolds, Martha GreenSharp (Maysville), Mary Parker(Maysville), Mary McDaniel, LuciaPepper, Margaret Stanard (Denver,Col.), Mildred Bruce, Lucile Dailey,Alma Duke Jones, Nola Dee Redd;Messrs. Tom Smith, Paul Smith, Geo.Reynolds, Frank Caldwell, Priest Kemper, James Miller, Glenn Shanklin. Albert Hawes, William Powell, SidneyVenable, Richard McDaniel, RaymondBooth, Hoard Barnes, Hon. Ruben Leton, Albert Endicott, Hughes Campbell. Mrs. Mattie Hawes, chaperone.The Lexington Herald says: "MissLucile Brooks entertained Saturdaywith luncheon "five hundred at herpretty home in the country in honorof her guest, Miss Amelia Tevis Leer,of Paris, who is to be married on the28th of August to Ir. Alfred Caruthers. "The coiors were gold and whiteand the decorations were of goldenglow and white blossoms, the table inthe dining room having a great bouquetof flowers, yellow shaded candles insilver candelabra and dishes of yellowand white bonbons and cakes. Thehostess was assisted by her motherand sister, Mrs. Samuel C. Brooks andMiss Anna Brooks and her aunt, Mrs.Thomas Carr. The game was enjoyedafter the serving of the elegant luncheon of five courses and the bride-electwas showered with loving wishes."Mr. and Mrs. Fay Ardery are atTorrent spending a few weeks.Mr. Joe Lavin has returned from atwo weeks' sojourn at Swango Spings.Mrs. Sidney Ardery returned Saturday after a delightful visit to Torrent. Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland wasa visitor in Winchester several daysthis week.Mrs. C. C. Robbins, of Winchester,is visiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs.J W. Bramblett, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Webber entertained Friday evening at their homeon the Lexington pike with an impromptu dance for their guests, MissesMargaret Marshall, Sarah Chowningand Messrs. Mack and McAfee, of Shelbyville. Delicious ices and cakeswere served during the evening.Mrs. Frank Keith, of this city, wastaken from her home to the MassieHospital Friday, for an operation forappendicitis.Mr Harry Minter, who is confinedto his home on Fifteenth street suffering from an attack of typhoid fever,is getting along as well as could beexpected.BOURBON FAIR WILL BEBIGGER AND BETTER THAN EVER.The Bourbon Fair which beginsAugust 19th, to continue five days, willbe bigger and better than ever. Neverhas there been a larger number of premiums offered at a county fair inKentucky, which insures an excellentexhibition in every department. Besure to attend every day.TAKE NO SUBSTITUTE.The best and purest whisky is VanHook. Call for it and take no other.GIRL INJURED WHEN STRUCKBY FRIGHTENED HORSE.Miss Fannie Rye, daughter of Mr.and Mrs. James Rye, was badly injured yesterday morning on Mainstreet when a horse became frightened and ran into her and knocked herdown. She was removed to her homeon Mt. Airy avenue, where she received medical attention. She suffered anumber of severe bruises about thebody.ADMINISTRATOR NAMEDIN THE COUNTY COURT.Yesterday in the county court JudgeDenis Dundon appointed Nannie J.Redmon administrator of the estate ofthe late Amanda Talbott and pualifiedwith G. K. Redmon as surety.J. L. Denton qualified as andministrator of the estate of the late JamesDenton, with George Alexander as surety. 0,'H .ftAnna R. Darnell and Blanche D. Vimont were appointed executresses ofthe estate of the late Chas. T. Darnall.ENGINEER SCALDED WHENLOCOMOTIVE OVERTURNS.Engineer John Mugg suffered asprained ankle and was badly scaldedwhen the locomotive of northbound L.& N. passenger train No. 32 overturned yesterady afternoon at Hazelpatch,a small station north of Corbin. Amessage received here was to .theeffect that he was seriously injured.No others were injured. Mr. Mugg,whose home is in Covington, was taken to the hospital at Corbin. He isone of the oldest and considered thesafest engineer pn this division- of theroad.MELONS ON ICE.Fine juicy water melons and canteloupes on ice. Phone orders early.C. P. COOK & CO.TWO WEEKS' FREE.You will want to use thatElectric Iron to-day. Phonethe Electric Co. to send youone on two weeks' free trial.BOURBON DIVISIONALBOARDS ORGANIZED.The Division Boards of EducationDivisions Nos. 1, 4, and 6 met at theCourt House Saturday afternoon andorganized with the election of the following trustees as chairmen and secretaries: Division No. 1. Mr. D. C. Lisle,chairman; Mr. Allen Rowland, secretary. Division No. 4. Mrs. J. D. Ockerman, chairman; Mrs. Albert Mitchell,secretary.Division No. 6. Mr. J. T. Ingles,chairman; Mr. Joseph Jacoby, secretary. PARIS ATHLETICS DEFEATLEXINGTON Y. M. I. TEAM.The Paris Athletic Club defeated theY. M. I. Club of Lexington Sunday afternoon by a score of 12 to 6. TheParis b'oys are putting up a good gamenow and they should be encouragedby good attendance, They are all locolboys and the fans should turn out androot for them.FOR RENT.House formerly occupied by A. J.Fee, corner Pleasant and 12th streets.W. M. HINTON.'SCOTTiS Af&VISIQUizAfter any Sicknessor Operationdoctors prescribe SCOTT'SEMULSION it contains thevital elements nature cravesto repair waste, create Dureand build physical strength.No Alcohol or Opiate -: : Bone, Bloomfield. N. J. 12-23It's the Little Inti-;mate, EverydayHome Scenesthat make up thehome story wewould like to keep,The Kodak will keepjust that picture foryou. The takingwill be fun in itself.DAUGHERTYJ. T.I bloodScott- fce? T yTVfmm , I m I-C1BROS.J. X HINTONWood MantelsOur Large StockMust BeSo we will give the prices another Vbig cut. Come while have your size. 9g tPrices on All Summer FabricsReduced.Big cut on Dress Linens, Lawns,Wash Goods, Etc..tl01iTo make room for our Tall Stock,we have reduced our entire stock ofMen's, Women's and Children's LowShoes.This Sale Began August 6 andLasts 10 Days.Nothing charged at cut prices.Geo. Mc Williams,Phones 301HINTONJCiJLWINDOWS, WS.J"-Porch Furnishings Cheaperthan you have ever seen it.ILook At ThePrices!B Ml UMwSAVES, YOU MONEYUndertakingof Shirt WaistsReduced.atTucker. , jSAiJtThe Shoe Man 81i. .-jc iAmbulancea.fettV1mMTHLBOURBfON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 12 1953.51v i!.- jm!tv-k- -MAJ"rljf fl-aswwmfwwtwJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!wTRE -J9B R60fflS OFTHEByRBNftEWSAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.LetN us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Qur type is new and modernfaces.zu Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.mUMiUUiUUS?ADMENESTRATOR'S SALE.As administrator, or J. H. Linville,deceased, I will offer for sale at -publicauction, on the home farm, at Millersburg, Ky., onSept. 3, 19I3, at 10 A.the following property:2 full bed room suites;1 chamber set and lot of other furniture, such as carpets, rugs, tables,chairs, mattresses and bed steads andmatting, kitchen and dining room furniture; Lot of enameled ware;Lot of milk crocks and pans;2 clocks;1 sewing machine;Lot of bedding, blankets, pillows,etc.; 'Half dozen brooms;1 lot stone jars1 lot glass jars;1 wash machine;Lot old iron;1 step ladder;1 iron kettle; J'-1 lawn mower;1 lot tools;2 breaking plows;1 double-shovel plow;1 tobacco plow;1 no-top buggy;1 rubber tire buggy;1 two-horse wagons;1 sled and 1 log chain;roller;Frazier cart; 'hog troughs ;s,hog houses;gasoline engine and corn mill;clipping machine;G,000 tobacco sticks;1 transplanter;, 1 seed sower;one-horse drill;grind stone;saddle and bridle;set cart harness;post-hole digger;1 A tooth harrow;1 disc harrow;8 sows and 15 pigs;3 red sows in pig;1 three-year old mare;1 yearling colt;1 aged mare;1 two- year old gelding;1 Jersey cow and calf;1 six-year old Jersey cow;1 spotted Jersey cow;1 cow and weanling calf;1 lot old corn;1 red calf;r yearling steers;4 heifers; - '19 ewes and one buck;1 reaper;1 corn crusher;1 Ross cutting box;1 acre cow peas;One-half interest in 6 acres tobacco;14 acres of corn;One-half interest in 20 acres corn;A lot of clover and timothy hay;A lot of other farming implements.TERMS All amounts under $20.00cash; over that amount negotiablenote, with interest at rate of 6 percent, payable in six months.W. V. HUFFMAN,Administrator.GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auct. (5-td)$100 REWARD, $100The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that scienc hasbeen able to cure in all its stages,and that is Catarrh. Hall's CatarrhCure is the only positive cure nowknown to the medical fraternity.Catarrh being a constitutional disease,requires a constitutional treatment.Hall's Catarh Cure is taken internally,acting directly upon the blood and tbtemucous surfaces of the system, thereby destroying the foundation of thedisease, and giving the patient morestrength by building up the constitution and assisting nature in doing itework. The proprietors have so muchfaith in its curative powers that tbteyoffer One Hundred Dollars for anycase that it fails to cure. Send forlist of testimonials.Address: F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo.Ohio.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (August)The claim that radium can restorethe hardened articles of middle-agedpersons to a healthy condition and soprolong life was made recently by Dr.Saubermann, of Berlin, in a lecture inLondon before the Roentgen Society.NOTfCOfifiiJFOR YOUTHUnsightly Grey and Faded HairWhy not have beautiful, dark, glossy,natural colored hair, full of life andbeauty keep yourself young lookingand fascinating? Its so easy andsimple to do if you will get a bottle ofHay's Hair Health today. You'll noticea change after one or two applicationshow quickly the grey hairs vanishiow glossy, full of life and vitalityHay's Hair Health will keep your hair.Don't waste time, get a bottle today.Your druggist is selling more Hay'sHair Health than all, others, becausehe knows it's the most satisfactory,the nicest and cleanest to use andreally does restore color to grey hair.Free: Sign this adv. and take it to thefollowing druggists and get a 50c. bottle of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.cake of Harfina Soap for 50c; or $1.00bottle of Hay's Hair Health and two25c. cakes of Harfinfc Soap Free, for $1.L. OBER'DORFER, Druggist,Paris, Ky.TREAT POTATOES FOR SCABCorrosive Sublimate Solution and Bordeaux Mixture Applied to SeedGave Excellent Results.At a German experiment station,experiments with potato scab havebeen carried on for two years.Corrosive sublimate solution pf0.05 per cent., and Bordeaux mixtureof two per cent., both applied to theseed potatoes for 1 hours, gave excellent and about equal results in theprevention of scab, as was also thecase with Bordeaux mixture of twoper cent, applied to two lots for;three and fourteen hours, respectively, and with two lots treated with fourkg. per acre (356 pounds per acre) ofsulphur mixed with the soil, one lothaving been also thoroughly rubbedwith sulphur before planting. A peatmold dressing of 35 cm. depth appeared to give some protectionagainst the development of scab,while a sand dressing of the samedepth afforded none. On both theplats treated with soil dressing thenext year's crops were found to behealthy.KILL OUT CANADA THISTLESMost Practical Way of Getting Ridof Patch Is to Cut Off All LeavesBelow Surface.In response to a query as to thebest way of getting rid of a patch ofCanada thistles the "Wallace's Farmermakes the following reply:Anything which keeps Canada thistle leaves from getting to the sunlight for two or three months duringthe growing season will give them asevere set-back, and in some caseskill them. Putting a heavy .coating ofstraw on the patch has in some casesproved successful, but in other casesttie straw has become disarrangedand the thistles have grown up1.miljvW4A"i"Thank Duke'sMixture for Them"Every member of your family will appreciate the many handsome, useful presents youcan get free with the coupons now packed inV2Su&LMisI ef mmmMmsm r wwwvICanada Thistle.through it. Really, the most practicalway of getting rid of a, small patch ofCanada thistles is to go over it everyweek and cut off all leaves below thesurface of the ground. If a conscientious job of this is done for the summer, the thistles will not bother muchthe next year, although it is best tokeep an eye open for them and cutthem off regularly. A careful jobmust be done, for if the leaves areallowed to grow very long in the sunshine enough energy will be stored upin the roots to hold the pest over fora considerable length of time.TO KILL TENT CATERPILLARSSingle Spray of Arsenate of LeadWhen Insects Are ObservedWould Stop Depredations.If a grower is spraying his fruittrees faithfully with arsenate of leadfrom tent caterpillars, or the tentsmay be crushed with the gloved hand,when they can be reached, at a timewhen the caterpillars are inside; orburned by a torch on the end of a pole,twisted out of their place by means ofa wire brush, attached to the end of along pole. These remedies are effectual only when the caterpillars are intheir tents, early in the morning, orin stormy wet weather. A singlespraying of arsenate of lead, whencaterpillars are observed, would probably stop their depredations.The forest tent caterpillars can bedestroyed when they collect in bunches on the trunks of trees. Prune oftand destroy the twigs holding theeggs.Breeding Draft Horses.The breeding of heavy draft horsesb one of the most profitable branchesof lire stock farming. Few farmersrealiae the importance of size in adraft horse, when put on the market,either in public or private sale. Ahorse that weighs less than 1,500pounds is not considered a drafthorse in any of the horse niarkets ofthe country, yet the mares kept onthe ordinary farms are usually lighter than that. This accounts for thesmall, scrubby lot of horses that areconstantly being put on the marketat a loss to the breeder.Care of Swine.Two things which should be avoided with swine in cold weather are,first, do not let them sleep in or uponheating manure, because they becomewarm and then rush into the cold air,frequently contracting colds, coughsor severe pulmonary diseases thatare sometimes fatal; second, bedthem well in dry quarters wherethere is no draft of air blowing acrossthem.Duke's Mixture is one of the big favorite brands forboth pipe and cigarettes. Men everywhere prefer it because of its true natural tobacco taste. Duke's Mixtureis simply the choice leaves of fine Virginia and NorthCarolina bright leaf thoroughly aged, stemmed andcrumbled. It's impossible to get a purer smoke or amore likeable one than this mild, rich, fragrant Liggetty Myers Duke's Mixture.One and a half ounces of this choice granulatedtobacco cost only 5c and with each sack you get a bookof cigarette papers FREE.The Presents are FREEThey do not cost you one penny. In each 5c sack ofLiggett Sf Myers Duke's Mixture we now pack a freepresent coupon. With these coupons you can get anyarticle described in our newillustrated catalogue of presents. Asa special offer,we will give you thiscatalog absolutelyFREE, Simply send usyour name and address.This offer expires December81, 1913.Coupons from DUKE'S MTXTURE maybe assorted zuitk Tazs from HORSESHOE, J. T., TINSLEY'S NATURALLEAF, GRANGER TWIST and couponsfrom FOUR ROSES ( lOc-tin double coupon), PICK PLUG CUT. PIEDMONTCIGARETTES. CUX CiiiAKtl Its.and other tazs and coupons issued by us.Premium Dept.tXjfax&'SWuzXA&Vttasoo Cat.ST. LOUIS. MO.Z512C&&&&??&&AV-54Mii mi iVBibOTMHSIilHlllI !raiHiiia&iiijiiiiHi i uWhatever They Say.And music, whatever people say, isnot a universal language; the bow ofwords is necessary to send the arrowof sound into the hearts of men. Romain Holland.Manufacturers contend that the difference in the hours of labor in manyStates, varying from fifty-four hours a.week in Massachusetts to sixty-six:hours in the Southern States, createsan "unwarranted discrimination" imfavor of manufacturers located in.States where the long hours prevail.At the close of last yesar about 10per cent, of the railroads of the UnitedStates could be classed as improved, again of iy2 per cent, in three years.II Smiths and Joneses occupy thirtyjone columns in the new St. Louis citydirectory.L. & N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT MAY 4, 1913Trains Arrive ,No. FROM34 Atlanta, Ga., Daiiy v 5.21 am.134 Lexington. Ky., Daily 5.18amv29 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.35 am.7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 ant10 Rowland, Ry., Daily Except Sunday ; . 7.40 am.40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.22 am37 Cincinnati, 0.,Ieily 9.50 am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday -. 10.20 am12 Lexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 am33 Cincinnati, 0. Daily 10.24 am26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ' ; 12.00 m25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pm138 Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.33 pm38 Knoxville. Tenn.. Daily 3.25-pm5 Maysville, Ky. , Daily 5.35 pm39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pm30 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6,06 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 am32 Jacksonville. Fla., Daily 6.1Spm,J..ij.iii;i. 0., Daily 10:50 pm-Trains ID epartNo. . TO34 Cincinnati. O., Daily 5.2S am4 Maysville, Ky . , Daily Except Sunday 5.35 ana29 Lexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday . . .... 7.47 am40 Cincinnati, 0, Daily'Except Sunday 7.50 an:10 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday .-. 7.50 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9.57 am-37 Knoxville, Tenn. , Daily 9.55 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily " 10.20m133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10.29 am6 Maysville, K., Daily 12.05 pro26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday v. 12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday : 3.33 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.4o pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ' 5.5G pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.58 pm32 Cincinnati, 0.A Daily 6.23 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday - 6.20 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.35 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.55 pm31 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57 pmIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911. ' -J-Trains .ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except,Sunda ..44 am,4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.30; pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except; Sunday 5.50pmTrains Depart;No. TO37 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily ExceptJSunday .- 7:4'4j2xa '1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday. k9:53j2m1 Frankfort, Ky Daily Except Sunav .. ..',. , . . . 5.54? psJ1 4r -er-1-- t.' 'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., AUGUST 1 2 . 1913HAY'S HI HEALTHHE FAV0H1Eiill M II Will i PWMIiMW. N. Earkley Mrs. W. N. BarkleyWoman's Exchange & Cafe112 X. Upper Street,IRefined. Women Give This Lexington., Kentuckythe Preference "The easiest way to keep your hairyouthful-looking, to prevent it fromturning grey, is to use Hay's Hairk Health. It gives absolute satisfactionand a few applications will restore natural color, give vitality to grey andfaded hair and remove all traces ofDandruff. Beautiful natural colored,outhfuHioking hair, more than any' thing else, contributes to a woman'sgood looks.Hay's Hair Health is keeping thousands of women's hair glossy, naturalcolored and beautiful. You'll neverregretfbuying it when you see the difference it makes in your appearance.Free: Sign this adv. and take it to thefollowing druggists and get a 50c. bottle of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.cake of Harfina Soap, Tor 50c; or $1.00bottle of Hay's Hair Health and two25c. cakes of Harfina Soap Free, for $1,3-. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky...;Home-made Cakes, Breads, Pies, Candies, Croquetts, Salaas, Pickles, ChowChow, lUc, received fresh 'daily.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Supper; also lunches and short orders at allhours with the best the market affords.(28mar6mo)pep FM1S5!C8RL $1,000 to $100,000W. KING & SON,1253 Checspside. Lexington, Ky.VJthe Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important in thehome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by petting the oil that burnsclear and clean without a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Costs no more than the Inferiortankwagon oils saves MONEY savesWORK saves eyes.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Chas. C. Stol! 0i! Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at "Warren, Pa."We sell the celebrated "No Carb"Auto Oil.W8 (amalgamated arcGOATS MILK IS EXCELLENTNo matter whether the thermometerregisters 105 above or 25 below zero,Amalgamated Arc Roofingcan't be affected a particle.No matter the curves or valleys ofyour roof you need no tin to coverthem, for Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGis very pliable. It is the Perfect Roofing,and the insurance rate is no higher thanwhen slate or metal is used.We authorize our agents to refund the moneyif our Roofing is not perfectly satisfactory.AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO.Chicago, IllinoisSold by MiHersburg Coal andLumber Co.,i (VIilflersburgr9 Ky.- -r j -r t -- -tOOoooMis Margaret K. Caden,210 IVJ ain Street, Lexington, Ky.Special Display of. . . Summer Hats . .Moderate Pricesrje0a$$33s$eo&oeeesQis9Nothing Better for Children, as It IsAlmost Entirely Free FromDreaded Tuberculosis.The common milk goat can be keptby the families who cannot afford tokeep a cow and as the milk of the goatis highly nutritious it is an excellentsubstitute for the cow's milk. Forchildren there is nothing better and itis a well-known fact that it is almostentirely free from tuberculosis.But, answering a question of a correspondent as to whether it is profitable to keep common goats on thefarm for the milking -purposes, weshould say that as a general rule it isnotGoats require the proper feed justthe same as other animals if they areexpected to give large quantities ofmilk and unless one lives near a largecity where goat's milk can be sold tohospitals and rich private patients ofphysicians, it cannot be disposed of toadvantage.Common goats are cheap to beginwith; they cost little if a small flockis kept on a large farm, as they canpick up a pretty fair living by browsing on the place.On the other hand, the odor fromthe bucks is intolerable to most people.Goats are difficult to confine withinbounds as they will climb fences ofalmost any height, and their favoritesunning place is the top cf the barnrcof. Altogether, we should say thattho common milk goat is entirely outof place on the average farm. Usedto supply milk, for special purposesor by people who are unable to keep acow, they are more or less valuable.USEFUL AS HAY RACK LIFTERArkansas Farmer Has Automatic Un-loader for Heavy Wagon BodiesHow It Is Constructed.VI have an automatic unloader forheavy hay racks and other wagon bodies that any one can operate whoknows how to drive a team, writes F.Hathaway of Fort Smith, Ark., in theJr cyB laIMtfAy..i xu- ?tWVvim Mil i i.yjajjuiqtjvp.raiii in n ihiiw n'HfHintHtm. stm?ftv ,At19sWihVj ftinllliM- Mk W$ WWs il 11BHll I IIII wilWi IMFi if 1rmtim -ssr-sA. M. Caden210W. Main St.,LEXINGTON, KY.9Do the women . inyour city knowwe specialize in 1Hay Rack Lifter.Farmers' Mail and Breeze. Figure 1shows one section of the frame as itappears before the unloading, whileFig. 2 shows the position of the framewith the rack on it. The posts A are4 by 4's set firmly into the ground.These posts should be set about 6Vfeet apart crosswise.The length and height of the framesdepend upon the racks used, BB arethe lifting braces, which must be wellmade and securely bolted to the posts,yet not so tight as to hinder themfrom moving freely in the loading orunloading of rack. The pieces C are2 by 6s bolted to the lifting braces.At their forward ends two short piecesof 2 by 4s (E) are bolted that strikeagainst the rack as it is being drivenbetween the frames, thus bringing upthe lifting frames and raising the rackoff the wagon.Two crosspieces of 2 by 4s (D) arebolted lengthwise to the post to givethe frames rigidity. Two hooks (F)are bolted at the forward end of D tostop the forward movement of the lifting frame. These are placed a littlepast the center so as to lock the framewhile up. Two pawls notched at oneend are bolted underneath the rackframe with the notched ends againstthe rear bolster of the wagon. Thisprevents the rack slipping back as itrises from the wagon.LA FRO8mmThe- Perfect FrontLa Fro$1.50 up.Laced Corset?mt Pans Odorless Chaninq Co.Men's and Ladies' Suits Cleaned,Pressed and Repaired.Ladies' Serge White Suits and Fancy Silks' our specialty.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblocked to your satisfaction.e Call For and Deliver ork.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleanedshqrt, 10c; long 25c.Silage Too Bulky for Swine.Swine raisers are advised againstfeeding ,joung swine extensively onsilage, in a recent bulletin from theIowa station. It is too fibrous andlow in digestible nutrients to provesatisfactory for growing and feathing swine.The hog has a digestive apparatussuited largely to concentrated feeds.Old sows will eat some silage; however, if fed to thfem it should constitute only a small portion of theirration.Shallow Garden Cultivating.Continue to cultivate all the vegetables in the garden frequently andshallow. This is especially true ofthe tomatoes. They cannot be expected to continue to bear fruit if thisessential is not properly taken careof. Frequent cultivation in additionto the prolongation1' of the bearingperiod of the tomato tends to lessen, the damage due to the blossom endrot of this fruit. Keep this goodwork going by all means.Giving Hogs a Bath.Kansas Agricultural College says:Few things retard the growth of a'hog so much as lice. Years of experience have shown that the bestremedy for destroying the lice andfleas is dipping in chemical solutions.Dipping also keeps the skin of theanimal in a healthy condition andthereby aids growth. Because ofcheapness In first cost and lastingqualities, most dipping vats are nowbuilt of concrete.HBiMlTruck Replaced Thre TeamsfclIn eleven months this three-ton KisselKar Truck covered in actual service4,760 miles at a fuel cost of $1.08 per day. Manned by a driver and one helper,it replaced three teams of horses. The average daily burden w 37 17.20thstons. It carried an average load of four tons one ton overload but in the entire period named, was laid up only two and one-half hours for repairs."We can recommend the KisselKar Truck and assure that it lives up to itsguarantee," writes Thomas E. Fleischer, manager of the Sheboygan Lime Works.Two and one-half hours for repairs, carrying over 37 tons per day is a record worthyof notice. KisselKar Trucks cost little to maintain and are economical to operate becausethe problem is solved in KisselKar construction.JN ore these striking KisselKar features Simpls engine easy to operate reserve powerexcess capacity differential lock preventing one drive wheel absorbing all the power onslippery places, and stalling the truck four speed transmitters geared up fourth speedpermitting high speed when desired without racing engine ; 15 to 20 per cent. lower fuelconsumption than average trucks light spring suspension for power plant, heavy springsuspension for load gauge that weighs load greatest accessibility easy control largerbrake drums, and extra powerful brakes special bodies designed to meet every need.ffitjiarvruckj1 500 lbs.-1 -2-3-4 and 5 TonsIn the range of capacity, 1500 lbs. to 5 tons, you can find just the type that fills yourrequirements and with the KisselKar Truck goes the KisselKar Service, which is themauufacturer's guarantee of satisfaction.KisselKar Service means taking off your hands all of the mechanical details.A special service building is maintained in this city for the benefit of KisselKar owners.The KisselKar .service is a broad and comprehensive arrangement between manufacturer andowners that cares for the car, maintains efficiency, retards depreciation and minimizes upkeep. This service is a valuable consideration in the purchase of a power wagon. Investigate it.Ask us to analyze your present horse haulage ss compared to motor haulage. The result will be interesting.Send for free book showing KisselKar Trucks in actual use in your line and many otherlinesof business.The PoISowSng Ones af business Have Recentlybought Kissel-Kar TrucksIron and Steel, Lumber, Textile, Milling, Giocery, Dry Goods, Dairy, Furniture, Fruit, Commission, Transfer, Bus, Hotel, Caterer. Brewery, Building Supplies, Contracting Plumbing, Canning, Oil, Telephone,laundry, Bakery, Confectionery, Tee, Coal, Farming, Hardware, Ice Cream, Creamery, Produce, Crockery, Undertaking and to municipalities in Fire, Health and Police departments. We make them to suit theneeds of any business.3& w.I PlK3hhpPhonel2105.WT MiHUKLE,51 3 West Main Street, Lexington, Ky.ITHREE KILLED INOWSLEY BATTLE.Three men were killed and one injured in a general fight that grew outof the primary election in the upperBuffalo Creek district in Owsley county, according to a dispatch receivedfrom London, Ky. The names 'of thedead as given are Gilbert Harris,Claude Gilbert, that of the woundedman as Sid Gabbard.At Sterns, Homer Powell was shotand killed in a quarrel relating to alocal contest. The authorities areseeking Burrell West, who is accused.According to information receivedfrom Nicholas county, Charles andWigg Bowen were probably fatallystabbed in a fight with John Drierlyand Gabe Ritchie. It is said theyquarreled over the merits of rival candidates.Mrs James Speyer, Mrs. FrederickW. Vanderbilt, Mrs. Russell Sage andother prominent New York women areheading a movement for a nationalanti-cancer association.A few years ago it was an openquestion whether the plantation rubberindustry would be able to jnake headway against the competition of thewild forests of the Congo and the Amazon, especially the latter region. Nowthe boot is on the other foot. Someplantations in Ceylon are growing rubber for 30 cents a pound, and it is calculated that the rubber from the Brazillian and Peruvian forests cannot bebrought to the sea-board markets at alower cost than 72 cents a pound.Ponv For Sale.Extra nice Shetland pony, gentle foichildren. Broke to ride and drive.He is a two-year-old and a well madeanimal. The price is right.L. T .LILLE3TON,july3-3t Paris, Ky.MB?M. A. CAHAL.Barber Shop.Kentucky State FairSEPTEMBER 15 to 20, I9I3The Kentucky State Fair will offer to the farmersand livestock exhibitors an opportunity to exhibit thebest products " of their farms and best specimens oflivestock and to the women an opportunity to displaytheir handiwork and cookery at the 1913 Fair, forwhich liberal premiums are offered.$30,000 in Premiums6-BIG DAYS-6Beted Railroad RatesFor Information, Entry Blanks, Catalog. Etc., address' J. L. DENT, Secretary,705 PAUL JONES BUILDING LOUISVILLEFirst-Class Workmen.Polite and Prompt Attentionto All.Hot and Cold BathsWe Thank You for a Share ofYour Patronage. .Mr. Kentucky FarmerIf we told you of a crop which brought a cash incomethe year around, made the soil richer every year and required " noskilled labor to handle it,Wouldn't That Be The Crop For You?You have this opportunity. The Tri-State Butter CompanyCincinnati, Ohio, will buy your cream the year around, pay spotcash for every shipment and give you a market that is responsible,safe and permanent, and proven so to more than 5,000 shippers.No skilled labor is required to ship cream,ship when convenient to you twice a week inand not quite so often in the winter time.Separate the milk,'the summer season,Every cow will pay cash for what she eats, yielding a revenue"of from $50.00 to $90.00 per year, besides adding $25.00 worth offertility to your soil.Ship your cream to-day, or write for free trial cans.The Tri-State Butter CompanyCincinnati, Ohio.HfCapital Stock $75,000.1IHhBOURBON NEWS, PARIS; KENTUCKY, AUGUST 12; 1913t -'piIA fj r-rLII.S OF MILLERSBURuDr. C. C. Fisher was in Cincinnation business, Friday.Miss Bessie Howard is visiting relatives at Lexington..Mr. H. B. Miller is spending twoweeks at Blue Lick Springs.Miss Theodosia Ray, of Ewing, isthe guest of Mrs. E. C. Hawkins.Messrs.. M. P. Collier and W. F..Saunders were in Lexington Friday.Miss Grace May, of Mt. Sterling, is;the guest of Misses Stella and AnnettaHurst.Mr. and Mrs. R. M. Johnson havereturned from a week's sojourn at OilvSprings.Mrs. Chas. Friend has returned after visit of several weeks to relatives.at Irvine.- Mrs. Albert Hinton, of Paris, was.guest of her uncle, Mr. J. J. Peed, and.family, Saturday.Mrs. Bessie Norton, of Carlisle, wasthe guest of her aunt, Miss Nannie!"Boroughs, Thursday.Dr. G. D. Judy, of Lexington, andjsoa, Mr. Allan Judy, of Tampa, Fla.,;are visiting relatives here.Mr. E. H. Marr, of Elko, Ga,rived Saturday as the guest of hister, Mrs. W. D. Mclntyre.Dr. Bostain and family, of Taylor,Texas, are guests of Mrs. Bostain's-lather, Mr. J. G. Smedley.Miss Bettie Maris, of London, Ky.,arrived Thursday as the guest of Missies Mattie and Lucia Butler.-7-Mr. G. F. Jones and family return,ed Saturday after a three weeks' automobile tour in the South.The annual meeting of the HurstHome Insurance Co. will be held Wednesday at the Hurst Home office.Mr. A. J. Thaxton has returned af"ter a three weeks' sojourn at AtlanticCity and other Eastern points.Dr. H. C. Burroughs left Monday following gueststor a two weeks' visit to his daughter, John Marr3Irs. Jas. Spencer, at Owensboro. Mr. E. H.Col. C. M. Best returned Saturday Mrs. J. W, week. He is greeted daily with largeaudiences. On Friday the house couldnot accommodate the crowd. FifteenI were taken into the church on .Saturday, five by letter and ten by consion. The meeting will continue during the week.J Attend the public sale of the Joe,W. Mock property Saturday, Aug. 16,at 2 o'clock. 12-2Miss Jennie Maurie Pepper is visliting friends in Lexington and attending the fair.Mr. and Mrs. J. F. McDaniel, ofCynthiana, visited relatives here fromSaturday to MondayMisses Lucy and Frances Ouey, ofLexington, are guests of their sister,Mrs. Chas. Martin.' Mr. S. C. Carpenter left Saturdayfor Lexington to attend the Blue Grassi Fair, where he will exhibit severalmares and colts.Mr. George M. Howard, of Lexington, was the guest of Miss VirginiaHutchcraft, Sunday. "Mr. A. C. Ball attended-the funeralof his brother, Mr. Jos. Ball, at Shannon, Mason county, yesterday.Mr. A. C. Ball was in LexingtonSunday to see Mrs. Ball, who is at theSt. Joseph Hospital, under treatment.Master Dunlap Saunders entertain-; ed a number of his little friends Satur-ar- j day afternoon at the beautiful countrysis- home or his parents, Mr. and Mrs. W.Saunders.Dr. A. S. Best was the guest of hiswife, who has been visiting her parents, Dr. and Mrs. Alex Hunter, atWashington, Ky., Sunday. Mrs. Besthas been at the Hunter home for thepast two weeksThe Joe W. Mock property, ahandsome residence and 8 acres ofland in Millersburg, will be sold to thehighest and best bidder, Saturday,Aug. 16, at 2 p. m. This is an opportunity to secure a desirable home. Donot gorget the date. 12-2Mr. and Mrs. W. D. Mclntyre gavea dinner party Saturday at which thewere present: Mr.and family, Millersburg;Marr, Elko, Ga.; Mr. andMarr and son, Lexington;SOLICITING RELICS FORTHE PERRY CELEBRATION.The following letter has been issuedby the Kentucky Association of thePerry Centennial: '"The Kentuckky Association of Perry Centennial in arranging featuresfor the celebration in Louisville forSept.29-Oct. 5, 1913, will exhibit a collection of relics, etc., covering the period of the war of 1812. 'The 1812 Museum Committee' organized to collectthis material is anxious to secure asloans, historic relics, curios, etc., covering this period of United States history. " The exhibit will be made in theMain Building of the Louisville FreePublic Library, a fireproof structure,at Fourth and Library Place. The collection will be insured against fireloss, and will be closely guarded andevery precaution taken to protect itfrom damage and theft. The Committee is authorized to pay transportationcharges both ways on all material thatmay be lent."Your name has been given as havmaterial appropriate to go into this exhibit or as being in a position to givethe names of others who may havesuch material. We shall be pleased toreceive any articles that you may forward or that you may have your friendforward, and also to receive the namesof persons who have material they arelikely to lend for the exhibit. Theloan will be returned in good conditionat the end of the celebration."Thanking you in advance for yourkindness and interest in the' PerryI Centennial Celebration and the successof the 1812 Museum, I am,Yours Very Truly,GEO. T. SETTLE,Chairman 1812 Museum Committee.SHERIFF AMD DEPUTIES RAIDMILLERSBURG BLIND TIGERS.CALL FOR VANHOOK.-from Richmond and other central Mr and Mrs. Gaines Dudley, and Mrs.points in the interest of the M. M. I. I Mattie Marr, of Carlisle.Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Ferguson and J Mrs.Chattie Turner moved Mondaylittle son, of Atlanta, Ga., were guests to Sharpsburg. Mrs. Turner has reof Mr. and Mrs. T. A. Vimont, Friday, sided here for the past eight years,Mrs. W. A. Butler entertained her and only a few months ago buried herVanhook is an old-fashioned fire copper distilled Bourbon whiskey. Thebest whiskey made in a State famousfor good whiskies. Call for Vanhookbottled in bond or in the bulk. Forsale at all first-class bars. (adv)A raid upon two blind tigers wasmade in, Millersburg Sunday night bySheriff A. S. Thompson and two deputies resulting in the arrest of one mancharged with selling liquor without alicense and in local option territory.Joe Taylor, a negro, is in jail herecharged with the offense and is awaiting his examining trial.Sunday, the officials here received acommunication to the effect thatliquor was being sold in Millersburg.A colored camp meeting had been inprogress for several days and the townwas thronged with negroes. Considerable drunkenness was noticed andan investigation revealed two housesoccupied by negroes which were frequently visited and in wliich it wasbelieved liquor was being sold.After receiving the message SheriffThompson left immediately in an automobile accompanied by Deputy SheriffW. F. Talbott and Patrolman JamesMoreland. Arriving in Millersburg theofficers went to the home of WalterTurney which they surrounded. Thenegro attempted to escape from thebuilding but at each door was confronted by an officer. Seeing escapewas impossible through the doorwayshe made his exit by one of the windows taking the sash with him andmade good his escape.They next went to the home of Taylor and an officer was placed at eachdoorway. He submitted to arrest without making any attempt to escape.He was brought to Paris where he wslodged in jail.At the home of Turney the officersconfiscated a one gallon jug of whisky,four quart bottles that had not beenopened besides several pints and halfpints In his flight the negro left $11 incash. Two or three gallons of whiskywere found at tlU3 home of Taylor besides a number of empty beer .bottles.They will be used as evidence againsthim at his examining trial.5Sunday school class Monday afternoon.from 3 to 5. Ices and cakes wereserved.Miss Mary Burns Parker left forlier home at Maysville, Thursday, after a two weeks' visit to Miss LaviniaReynolds.Dr. W. M. Miller and Mr. M. M.husband, Mr. S. B. Turner. Duringher residence here she made a host ofwarm friends. She has accepted a position at Lexington, where she will golater.Eleven couples of our young folksenjoyed a delightful hay ride Fridayevening to Paris, which was given inThompson left Saturday for the Trien- honor of Misses Bettie Maris, of London, Ky., and Martha Green Sharp, ofMaysville. Mrs. Mattie B. Haweschaperoned the party. They took inthe picture shows at Paris, and wereserved with a delightful lunch at theCrosdale Cafe.iiial Conclave of Knights Templar atiDenver, Colo.Mr. Robert Hughes left ThursdayTor a two weeks' sojourn at SwangoSprings. From thence he will go to5iis home in Huntington, W. Va.Mrs. T. D. Judy entertained a number of her lady friends Thursday eve-ning from 6 to 10 in honor of her sister, Mrs. S. H. Creighton, of Indianapolis, Ind.- Mrs. S. M. Allen, who assisted inthe entertainment given by Mrs. W. F.. Saunders Satnrday afternoon for herlittle son, Dunlap Saunders, sustaineda sprained ankle on leaving the home.Rev. A. S. Venable, of the Presbyterian church, is conducting a successful meeting at Shawhan Station. Themeeting began in the early-part of last(How It Really Happened.Once man" ground grain betweentwo flat stones to procure meal.Christian Science Monitor.Never! Woman did it, while friendman sat around and told the boysabout the big one that got away.Detroit News-Tribune.Emperor William, o f Germany,fuses to take an airship trip.re-Where Theft Is Unknown.Finland is a realm whose inhabitants are remarkable for their inviolate integrity. There are no banksand no safe deposits, for no suchsecurity is essential. You may leaveyour luggage anywhere for any lengthof time, and be quite sure of findingit untouched on your return, and yourpurse full of money would be just assecure under similar circumstances.Was It a Hint?They had been talking as theywalked. She had remarked pathetically: "Oh, it must be terrible to aman to be rejected by a woman!""Indeed it must," was his response.Then, after a while, with sympatheticingenuousness, she exclaimed: "Itdoesn't seem that I could ever havethe heart to do it." And there camea silence between them as he thoughtit over.It is one thing to make sodacrackers that are occasionallygood.It is quite another thing tomake them so that they arealways better than all othersoda crackers, always of unvarying goodness. eThe name "Unee da" stamped jmevery biscuit means that if a millionpackages of Uneeda Biscuit wereplaced before you, you could chooseany one of them, confident that everysoda cracker in "that package wouldbe as good as the best Uneeda Biscuitever baked. Five cents.NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANYs fy-i-'rLight on the Spot.An attachment has been made to therevolver by a French inventor bywhich the weapon in the hands of agreenhorn is as deadly as in those ofa dead-sure shot. A small and powerful electric lamp is mounted on theweapon in such a manner that a circle of light is projected upon the target and the bullet will strike the center of the ring. This particular location is marked by a dark spot, andthis spot being placed over the heartof an adversary and the trigger pulled the bullet cannot fail in its deadlywork.Critics, Take Notice.Great writers cantingly criticised bysmall writers of whom Dr. Parr mightbe happy to say, that they have profundity without obscurity perspicuity without prolixity ornament without glare terseness without barrenness penetration without subtletycomprehensiveness without digressionand a great number of other thingswithout a great number of otherthings. Sydney Smith.Nelson's Decision.When I don't know whether to fightor not, I always fight. Nelson.A furniture museum is being organized in London for the benefit of furniture designers and builders.Arnold a Lenient Examiner.When Matthew Arnold was a schoolexaminer a fellow inspector of a classof girl pupil-teachers asked Arnold toexamine for him. Arnold gave each,of the young women the "excellent"mark. "But," said the other inspector, "surely they are not all as goodas they can be; some must be betterthan others." "Perhaps that is so," replied Arnold; "but then, you see, they;are all such very nice girls."Not for Publication.You may print a kiss, but you mustnot publish it. The Tatler.In the last four months twenty-threepersons have been killed in New Jersey in automobile accidents.A patent has been recently issuedcovering the manufacture of dog biscuit made in the shape of a bone.VALAMO TO HAVE ELECTRICPLANT AND CAMERAGRAPH.TheHartfordNew York, New Haven &railroad has 22,716 stock-holders, of whom 10,102 are women.There will be an electric light plantinstalled at the Alamo Theatre inthis city within the next few days,also a Powers' Cameragraph movingpicture machine. This machine isone of the very latest inventionsbeing the only machine that projectsa perfect picture and is the first of itskind ever used in a moving picturetheatre in this city.m - sI IDi"0"W- GrOiXlg 030- 8We Are Compelled To Unload at OnOur Store in crowded with Summer Footwear and rather than the risk ofcarrying these goods over to next season, we have decided to resort to thisgreat sacrifice sale. We are going to make this sale a record breaker.Of course it takes bargains, great, big rousing bargains to bring a crowd,and this is just what we have to offer., Read the prices that follow:Misses' and Children's $2.50 values in button oxfords and two-straps, patent and Sj Qgun metal. Mark-down Price 'P 1hCf7Misses' $1 .50 patent, tan, white and gun QClmetal pumps. Mark-down . Price JJ 7 wChildren's $2.00 pumps.Mark-down Price$1.39Men's $4 Oxfords, tan, patent and gun metal,Walk-Over included. fl k Qk f5?Mark-down Price . Wm rMen's $3.50 Oxfords, in patent, gun metaland tan.Mark-down Price$2.49Men's $3 Oxfords in tan, patent and gun metal.Latest styles. 01 GfeCfcMark-down Price yp I bMen's $2.50 Oxfords in'button and H J Qlace. Mark-down Price 9 IInfant's and Children's pumps and oxfordsin patent and tan, $1 values, sizes 2 ttxs7 A ktfMark-down Price .... "t 5yr 15Ladies' $3 values, all latest style pumps and oxfordsin velvets, satin, tan and gun metaland white, the very best values fil GfcGfemade. Mark-down Price 9 I a77Misses' barefoot sandals, all sizes. Now 49cLadies' $3.50 values, all popular leathers and fabrics, m pumps and oxfords, button fl4 5Cfcand lace. Mark-down Price WmiiOv.Ladies' $2 and $2.50 grades two-strap pumps andoxfords in velvet and gun metal. ffMark- down Price wLadies' $2 pumps ancf oxfords in patent, gun metaland white pumps. Qfe1 A KMark-down Price P I tl1Ladies' white canvas button shoes.Mark-down Price.IV- ft1: m ace- Mark-down Pncej . Yw Mark-down Price WWW IP w lroamvvB "'& Georgetown, jvv., a:ou p. m.,iaiso on a i1-- Y; 1H -...i .. . s i . ii i f e- i . H;. &. h n if nf Mnn'c i lvfnfHe hrnAn sitpq r. une lot small sizes laaies oxroras mzr mm mwAYiTa?&d4tfidbim . , wwm Wl?L HARVEST; :ik si& "". ilglINA et,BANKlu 1SL f7r JW. --""r '1 . ' i uro."."""PUT IT AWAYOURTWILL ALWAYSBE HERE WHENYOU NEEIi.1T.It doesn't matter whether you are a farmer or not,YOUR HARVEST is the money you earn. Who gets themoney you earn? The farmer saves some of his grain forseed. You should put some of yours in bank for seed. Nothing will grow if you plant nothing. The money you haveSPENT will not protectvyour old age the money you plantin Our Bank WILL.Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings. -DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.Capital, $iQO,000.00.J. M. HALL.. PresidentSurplus, $40,000.00.C. K. THOMAS. Cashier.I MOUNTAIN EXCURSION XTuesday, August 26, 1913Via "Calif ornia SpeciaS9' vTO t"The Land of the Sky" and "Sapphire Country"Round Trip Tares From Georgetown, Ky.ASHEVILLS, N. C $ 9.00WAYNESVIILE. N. C 10.00J HENDERSON VIIylvE. N. C 10.00 JLAKE TOXAWAY, N. C 11.00 J1 'VARIABLE ROUTE FARESf Via Chattonooga Historic Lookout Mountain enroute to and fromT final destination:ASHEVILLE, N. C $10.50 -.WAYNESNILLE, N. C 11.50 " tX HENDERSONNILLE 11.50 ' JLAKE TOXA WAY, N. C 12.50J Return limit, Sept. 10, 1913. Liberal Stop-over privilegesn Tickets good on ' Carolina Special' ' leav- Ja 2 ing Georgetown, Ky., 8:30 p. m.,also onlltjilid'wifflfllvlil -or u information, printed matter and 'BBMnPllTrifilHlhl sleeping car reservations, apply to nearest ,t (C.N O &X P Ry.)-d alZlS"8'1- jfT Southern Railway ' X.p ' I $2 and $3 values. Mark-downPrice WWW Mark-down Price WWW I? f 1 id -a. isr co i&a: e isr 8f I - ' ; : - X Southern Railway r$ If.HFSJPi