THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVFBY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR,;t X-wVOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JULY 15, 1S13.IATTEMPT TO WiSRESULTS IN ILEAcjfc-.1F:$V W" rIttfV F.7'"cif .Biing Us YourWatch WorkWe are EfficientWe are PromptTry us.i -"-4PS&SSSNQuick Lunches ForHot WeatherBoiled Ham Minced HamDried BeefAll these Meats are Sliced Fresh on theMachine for YouImported Swiss Cheese Brick CheeseSnappy CheesePimento in Jars New York CreamTry our Sliced Ham and Breakfast Bacon, andYou Will Use no Other.We also have a full line of Fruit Jars, Cansand Jar Rubbers.T. C. LENIHAN.Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234WMSfS:S:S:Z;S:Zr-'!; We are Determined to Sell TWi Season's sI rsiluy pi lily dB!u KHg ai ilie following ices-:Wisfe Ki&-ijfSJfiiifil V i jv T v$25.00 Suits now22.50 Suits now . .20.00 Suits npw . .18.00 Suits now . .15.00 Suits now . .$16.50 gg14.50 &S&itJ,13.50 M&- - rS?aiI mM Wf 1 s-Xwl SjS.10.00 H?"MlRioting Follows Attempt to Resume City Car Service inLexington Yesterday, in' Which Ten areInjured.POLICE POWERLESS TOCOPE WITH RIOTERS.Strike Breakers Taken From Carsand Beaten, by InfuriatedMasses Call for Troops. ' Refused.i .VV' 1 -3fV'.iFollowing the attempt of the Kentucky Tractional & Terminal Companyto operate the street cars in LexingtonMonday morning with strike-breakersimported from New York, riotingbroke out in the down-town districtsshortly before 8 o'clock, when somestriking carmen and linemen, togetherwith strike sympathizers, composinga resistless tmob of more than five hundred persons, attacked the cars as fastas they came down town, smashingwindows, cutting trolly wires, seizingthe strike-breakers in charge of thecars, in some cases beating them upand driving them hatless, coatlessand bleeding into the streets.One car was accidently set on firein front of the traction offices by thecrossing of wires and the car wouldhave burned to ashes if the fire department had not promply arrived andextinguished the flame.Two other cars were practicallywrecked near the corner of Main andLimestone streets, windows being broken, trolleys cut and other damagedone by the rioters in taking thestrike-breakers off or in stoning thecars.Up to 8 o'clock fully ten men hadbeen injured, among them severalstrike-breakers and A. P. Gooding, aprominent tobacco man wno was swornin Saturday as a deputy sheriff. Gooding was knocked in the head and severely injured.One policeman and two deputysheriffs were placed on every car, butthey were powerless to cope with theriotes.STRIKE BREAKERS ARRIVE SUNDAY. Strike breakers to the number of 110arrived in Lexington Sunday to takeplace of the striking operators of thestreet cars. They were quartered inthe buildings of the Traction and Terminal Company, preparation having already been made for them.EDITOR SENDS LETTER TO TRACTION HEAD.Mr. F. W. Bacon, Vice President K.T. & T. Co., Lexingtin, Ky.Dear Sir: According to common report you gave imported into Lexington over ONE HUNDRED THUGSrrom New York city, it you are agood citizen you will promptly seethat these men are removed fromLexington. They are the same character of men that were hired to shootdown Rosenthal in New York Cityand are always used for dirty work.I appeal of you to save the goodname of Lexington.- Your former employes have been good citizens and donot want to break the law of ourcountry. Do not aggravate them todesqeraiori by flaunting in their facesthe scums of the undenworld.Upon you, Mr. Bacon, and you alone,depends to-day the peace of Lexington.Respectfully,THOMAS M. OWSLEY,Editor of Tribune."WE KNOW HOW"If You Have$10 to Spend- Just come to this store and invest it in oneof these twa-piece Summer Suits which we areselling for a "Ten-Spot."If you want to see real values just glanceat our windows and you will be convinced thatwe cn give you a better suit than can be purchased at any other store in town for a great.deal more money.JgTThese suits are all well made and trimmed. Coats are 1-2 lined with light-weightalpaca. Trousers either plain or cuff. bottoms, belt strap, medium peg top or regular -shape.Sizes to fit anyone.rjStetson Shoes andStetson HatsManhattan Shirts inbright, snappySpring styles:iMitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to MenParis, KentuckyK$ SETLSIIII 1 1 II II II IIIJ- IXZJLX11 IXTltllll 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 ! 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 II 1 1 J 1 1 1 1 1 1 f 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 M 1 UJ MI 1 1 1 1 ! 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 II 1 1 1I r KMiMrv &uu.I The Store Where Reliability Reigns. 1rNow is the time to get well made Suits of all wool material at less than others ask for inferior make.Straw Hats at One-Half PriceBoys' $5.00 Knee Pant Suits for $3.00.mmmimPRI6&& 60. GlowersNO INTERURBAN SERVICE HERE.Since the strike was declared on Friday at midnight not a single car hasbeen run into this city, the. carmenoperating the cars on all the tractionlines out of Lexington having goneout through sympathy with the streetcar men. m -uexington.The interurban car arriving in thiscity Friday at midnight was takenback to Lexington Saturday morningby thee rew which run it to this city.j One freight car was run to Paris Sat-uruay morning tms Demg necessary tocteMver a large amount of perishablegoods that had been delivered to thefreight office of the Tractional &Terminal Co. Friday afternoon. Sincetha time no freight has been receivedover the interurban line, local nfenbeing compelled to usehe L. & N.freight in order to get such articlesas are purchased from Lexingtonwholesalers.The city car service has been suspended, the operator of the city car,Mr. John Duval, going out with thestriking carmen. Mr. Duval was inLexington yesterday and returning lastnight reported the entir city servicetied up as a result of the riot whichoccured yesterday morning and whichwas followed by the decision, of theheads of the street car company not toattempt to operate the city cars.Circuit Judge Kerr on' yesterdaycalled a special grand jury to be empaneled this morning and begin an investigation Of tllA RtrilroOne dozen arrests followed the ri-jots, but none of those alleged tohave been implicated in the outbreakwere striking carmen.Mid-SummerCLEARANCE SABBNow in Progress,Lasts Until July 15tSpecial Reductions ,.1-4, 1-3, 1-2 off on. 3 "Ready -to- Wear GarmentsIncludingStreet and Evening DressesStreet and Evening Coats ,Lingerie and Wash DressesLinen and Cloth Coats 1' Linen and Serge SuitsEand FurnishersmmmmmmmmmmmmmIKSt?MAYOR ISSUES PROCLAMATION.Mayor Cassidy at 2 o'clock vester-Iday afternoon issued a proclamatioacalling on, all citzen to refrain fromacts of violence and to do all in -theirs (Continued on Page 8.) -This is a great opportunity for careful buyers to make a. worth while' -firsaving in their bank account, and still purchase up-to-date and dependablemerchandise. 'Come in and give us the chance to prove our assertions.FRANK oc C., !laiEiriflimrmiiiriiii Af.1ii&"VTHE BOURBON NEWS,' PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 15 1913S&4&5 v.l3tJasf .ru. ip'MHHMiteiMiaaHiinOioes Ufiaito&Of ;veryuNew models and exclusive patterns areshown at all times in our display of Women'sFootwear. Every pair of these Shoes alsoshow elegance of finish and grace in each particular line. We can give you fitting qualitiesin Shoes which cannot be excelled, and as toservice, it need only be said that our Shoes jiremade by the best Shoe makers in the world.We can give them to you in widths as narrowas AA.We invite your inspection.IGeo. McLPhones 301Bourbon Laundry gDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Street ill'-ftftBourbonParis Kentucky.GEO, W.FDNERAL DOCTOR ANDBOTH'PHONES DAISTOMACH TROUBLE:SMajority of Friends Thought Mr..Hughes Would Die, But-. .One Helped Him to-,& Recovery.-Pmeryton Ky. In interesting ad--S,Yices from this place, Mr. A. J. Hughesvjzwrites as follows: "I was down with'jstomach trouble for five (5) years, andn jjwould have sick headache so bad, attime$, that I thought surely I would die.Sl I fried different treatments, but theyt . did not seem to do me any good.I I got so bad, I could not eat or sleep,and all my friends, except one, thought Iwould die. He advised me to tryf . v TtatdSonTs Black-Draught, and quitsippeaiomanIWilliams,The Shoe ManI(nKHMIWiNWe Take Pleasure. civin '"oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade me Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo?- fine work and itdever goes bck on its repu:station. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeLaundry,-ftHUsDAVISLICENSED EMBALMER.137; NIGHT 299.FOR FIVE YEARStaking other medicines. I decided totake his advice, although I did not haveany confidence in it.I have now been taking Black-Draughtfor three months, and it has cured mehaven't had those awful sick headachessince I began using it.I am so thankful for what BlackDraught has done for me."Thedford's Black-Draught has beenfound a very valuable medicine for derangements of the stomach and liver. Itis composed of pure, vegetable herbs,contains no dangerous 'ingredients, andacts gently, yet surely. It can be freelyused by young and old, and should bekept in every family chest.Get a package today.Only a quarter. - AHE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .2.00-Six Months.Payable in Advance.$1.00ADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 permca iur nrsu time ; ou cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on cBndidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space i a newspaper's stock intrad ou c 2 of revenue.ANNOUNCEMENTS.The News is authorized to makethefollowing announcements, subiect tothe action of the Democratic PrimaryAugust 2, 1913:For RepresentativeHE UBEN HUTCHCRAFr.For State SenatorHON J. WILL CLAYRUFUS HADDENFor Commonwealth's AttorneyVICTOR, A. BRADLEYFor County ClerkPEARCE PATOSTJ. WALTER PAYNEFor Police JudgeR. S. PORTERL. GRINNANTHOS. J. HOLLIDAYE. B. JANUARYFor CoronerGEO. BL KISER IRUDOLPH DAVISFor Mayor ---J. T. HINTONJAS. M. O'BRIEN.For Police ChiefJ. C. ELGIN, Sr.W. F. LINKGEO. M. HILLBEN BISHOPGEO. W. JUDYFor JailerJOSEPH FARRISW. O. BUTLERFor CouncilmenFirst WardWHITTINGTON MANN.GEO. D. SPEAKES.W.T.BROOKS.Second Ward.W. O. HINTON.BRUCE MILLER.W A. WALLEN.WM. KENJNEY,Third WardJACK WOODS.For Assessor.R. M. GILKEY.L. B. Purnellj Deputy.JOHN S. WIGGINS.Wm. Lynch, Deputy.For County Judgec. a. mcmillan.For County AttorneyGEO. BATTERTON.For Magistrate ""ERNEST MARTIN, ParisL. J. FRETWELL, ParisA. L. StEVENSON,ClintonvilleR. O. TURNER, Ruddles Mills.For SheriffW.F. TALBOTT,W. G. McCLINTOCK, DeputyJ. O. MARSHALL, DeputyKentucky Fair Dates. .The following are the dates fixedfor holding the Kentucky fairs in 1913as far as reported:Mt. Sterling, July 23 i days.Harrodsburg, July 29 i days.Madisonville, July 29 4 days.Uniontown, Aug. 5 5 days.Tayjorsville, Aug. 5 4 days.Tri-County Fair (Carroll, Gallatin,Owen), Saunders, Aug. 6 4 days.Danville, Aug. 6 3 days.Blue Grass Fair, Lexington, Aug. 116 days.Mt. Vernon, Aug. 63 days.Winchester, Aug. 6 4 days.Berea, Aug. 7 3 days. IFern Creek (Buechel), Aug. 12 4days.Leitchfield, Aug. 12 3 days.Henderson, Aug. 12 5 days.Brodhead, Aug. 13 3 days.Perryville, Aug. 13 3 days.Vanceburg, Aug. 134 days.PARIS, AUG. 195 days.v Hardinsburg, Aug. 19 3 days.Lawrenceburg, Aug. 194 days.Shepherdsville, Aug. 19 4 days.Erlanger, Aug. 20 4 days.Stanford, Aug. 203 days.Ewing, Aug. 21 3 days.Eminence, Aug. 21 3 days.Elizabethtown, Aug. 26 3 days.Shelbyville, Aug. 26 4 days.London, Aug. 26 4 days.Nicholasville, Aug. 26 3 days.Florence, Aug. 27 4 days.Germantown, Aug. 274 days.Alexandria, Sept. 2 5 days.Fulton, Sept. 25 days.Frankfort, Sept. 24 days.Somerset, Sept. 2- 4 days.Bardstown, Sept. 3 4 days.Barboursville, Sept. 3 3 days.Tompkinsvft'e. Sept. 3 4 days.Franklint Sw 3 days.- Hodgenv4iu . oi. 93 days. ,monmeuo, a-;-?, y i days. . V i-Morzantown.-gdL 11 3 rfnvH . flRID YOUR CHILDREN OF V'ORMS.You can change fretful, ;ll-temperedchildren into healthy, nappy youngsters by ridding the'ni cf worms. Tossing, rolling, grinding of teeth, cryingout while asleep, accompanied by intense thirst, pains in the stomach andbowels, feverishness and bad breathare symptoms that nidicate worms.Kickapoo Worm Killer, a pleasant candy lozenge, expels the worms, regulates the bowels, restores your children to health and happiness. Mrs.J. A. Brisben, of Elgin, 111., says: "Ihave used Kickapoo Worm Killer foryears and it entirely rid my childrenof worms. I would not be without it"Guaranteed. All druggists, or by mail.Price 25c. Kickapoo Indian MedicineCo., Philadelphia and St. Louis.Young Financier.Joe Parkman, aged thirteen, and hisyounger brother, Tom, aged eight,were going to the savings bank todeposit 50 cents which Joe's uncle hadgiven him for passing with honorsinto the high school. Joe put hisbank book and his money on the desk.The man said that nothing less than$1 could be deposited. Tom said:"Joe, I know what to do. Draw out?1 from the bank and deposit $1.50."FOR CUTS, BURNS AND BRUISES.In every home there should be a boxof Bucklen's Arnica Saive, ready toapply in every case of burns, cuts,wounds or scalds. J. H. Polanco, Delvalle, Tex., R. No 2. writes: "Bucklen's Arnica Salve saved my littlegirl's cut foot. No one believed itcould be cured." The world's bestsalve. Only 25c. Recommended byL. Oberdorfer and W. T. Brooks.BEST MEDICINE "IN THE WORLD."My little girl had dysentery verybad. I thought she would die. Chamberlain's Colic, Cholera and DiarrhoeaRemedy cured her, and I can truthfully say that I think it is the bestmedicine in the world," writes Mrs.William Orvis, Claire, Mich. For saleby all dealers.Czar's Brutal Amusement.On feast days the life of the czarof the seventeenth century- was enlivened with such amusements as abattle to the death between a well-baited bear and a spearman, in which,it is said, frequently the man lost hislife. In the event of a successful issue the spearman was rewarded bybeing taken to the royal cellar, wherehe was allowed to drink to his ca-1pacity. jCarlyle's Caustic Humor.By a great and extraordinary pieceof magnanimity the prime minister ofthe day offered to make Carlyle aGrand Cross of the Bath in a very admirable and interesting letter, to whichCarlyle replied in a perfectly worthyway. But Carlyle in private said hewas then very old: "What should I dowith a G. C. B.? They would say GrandCap and Bells."Instinct Above Intelligence.A boy was asked to explain the difference between animal instinct andhuman intelligence. "If we had instinct," he said, "we should know everything we needed to know withoutlearning it, but we've got reason, andso we have to study ourselves mostblind or be a fool."Flour Sacks.To remove letters from flour sacks:Cover letters with lard, tightly roll upfor half hour or more, then soap welland rub. You will be surprised at theresult. I have passed hours and hoursboiling and bleaching without satisfaction, but this way the letters disappear at once. Exchange.Quite Safe."So he accepted a job like that, didhe? Well, I did not know that a manof his standing would accept suchdirty money." "Oh, he washed hishands with an antiseptic solution before he took the fee."Have a Purpose.The first great rule is that we mustdo something that life must have apurpose and an aim that wor": shouldbe not merely occasional and spasmodic, but steady and continuous.Pleasure is a jewel which will onlyretain its lustre when it is in a setting of work; and a vacant life is oneof the worst of pains, though the islands of leisure that stud a crowded,well-occupied life may be among thethings to which we look back with thegreatest delight. Lecky.'RoKte" Davis !Ok insurance HgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and BestPaviugCompanies.Give Old "Nub""a Call.2 Helios 137Schange'sCandy Kitcken,-119 -S. Upper, ,Lj&XINGTON, KY.Success depends largely uponbood rlealtnIn your race for success don't loose sight of the fact that onlythrough good health can you attain success.The tension you must necessarily place upon your nerves, and thesacrifice of proper exercise you have to make at times must bebalanced in some way.Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discoveryis the balancing power a vitalizing power. It acts onthe" stomach and organs of digestion and nutrition, thuspurifying the blood and giving strength to the nerves,indirectly aiding the liver to perform its very importantwork. Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery has beensuccessful for a generation as a tonic and body builder.Sold by medicine dealers in liquid or tablet formtrial box of "Tablets" mailed on receipt of 50 onecent stamps.If in failing health write Dr. R. V. Pierce'sfaculty at Invalids' Hotel, Buffalo, New York.I MTgje.'TECtSome H News.We will in a few days receive a car of SemLAnthricite Coal. It has the Pocahontas fracture, isa much harder Coalpreparation, and is an ideal Furnace Coal.ANALYSIS. .Volatile 30.1 0Carbon 66.00Moisture 40Ash. 3.50Is you are interested in a first-class furnaceCoal, come to the yard ofDo d son DentonThe Home of Good CoalB Yards, South Main St.J .v i ; 1 3 jtim 2 to lay:c&cStt'SisSSSASKJSfiL wVI "1. Sells My Products 4. Protects the Homel '2. Gets Best Prices 5. Helps the Housewife '3. Brings Supplies ' 6. Increases Profits t )7. Pays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet.For information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated.,EyervCome to the BigCASH - RAISING?SALETBIOSWDCorner Seventh and Main Sts. fBig Bargains in Dry Goods, Dressgoods, Silks, Ladies' and - &Misses' Skirts, Waists, Dresses, Millinery,Shoes, Slippers, Etc.JCome to The Big SaleWe are agents for Pictorial Patterns, Buster Brown Hose,Bon Bon and W. B. Corsets. "'It is not only Iiehtnine-proof but fire-proof andstorm-proof, too.'CORTRIGHT METAL SHINCT Jslast as lone as the buildinc andJust the thine fortownorcounhrvhui!Jinor. Krmic iT,wrsmeet every condition or comfort, beauty and security.ko a . Ktj? ?w in iTTi'ba s-jrtForBest & Hawkins,DR. PIERCE'S GREATFAMILY DOCTOR BOOK,The People's ComraoaSense Medical Advisernewly revised up-to-dateedition of 10O8pages, answers hostsof delicate questionswhich every woman,single or married, ouhtto know. Sent FREEin cloth binding to aayaddress on receipt of31 one-cent stamps, tocover cost of wrappingand mailing only.therefore r.nmc a hff-Coth Phones 140in your W inter GoalTHE FARMER'22Sxa$mswho has one, what wonders the CumberlandlTeLlephone works for him. He will reply:Womannever need rnair.ovy wMJW U1WSale byMillersbur, Ky.Depaiirai sioie:n V- 4'VvA vfJL'i-' ,U.TT - ,rK. ifX -.r.'jV .K,MANY NEW ATTRACTIONS AREBOOKED FOR BLOE GRASS FAIROpens at Lexington Monday, August 11 -Six Big Days andNights-Best Fair in the Middle West-Literati's Bandand Concert Go, High Glass Vaudeville. ; ', t.Lexington, Ky. Since its organiza-jtion in 1906, the Blue Grass Fair hastaken full rank with, the largest andthe .'best of the state fairs and expositions of the country. It has very justly become known as the .largest horseshow in the world. It is the only fair-which offers a full quota and a classification for breeding classes of thethree great b'reeds of Americanihorses, as well as show1 classes, simplified and arranged in a mannerwhich makes, their distinction clear.Pitched, on a larger and more3 extensive scale than ever before, with thecertainty of increased interest on account of various added features, thisyear's fair promises to eclipse all previous records. 'Numerous additions and improvements have been made in the matterof 'show rings, and amusements havebeen secured of a kind and to an extent that justify the belief that thefair will not only prove more valuablethan ever to the live stock interestsof Kentucky, but also more attractiveto .those who visit it. In addition tothe weanling and yearling1 divisionsof the great Saddle Horse. Futuritv,three stakes are offered in the show1classes for saddle horses., Attractive Program Each Day.One of the most attractive programs for the week will be on Wed-,nesday, when the classes for standardbred horses will be shown.In addition to the cash premiumsoffered, seasons to the leading horsesin service are donated by various owners and ' should attract the attentionof the entire horse world. jThe fair will open on MondaS", 'Aug.11, at 2 p. m., when an attractive racing program has been arranged, in-teresting show ijings will be seen,tanu'Liberati's Great Band and Qoncertfcompany, with some of the best soloists and grand opera singers knownto the musical" world will be here.Six singers in costume will be heardini front of the grand stand ' everyevening, and there is a great treat instore for the music -loving f pubnp of ithe Blue Grass region.rhe management of the fair, believthat the public demand a changefrom the old carnival line, have decided to put on a high class "vaude,ville show, every act aheadliner, sixbig acts for", one admission. Av bill asgood as can be seen in any high classvaudeville house in the country. Anentire change of program and playerson Thursday, Aug. 14, two .performances daily.'On Tuesday, the 12th, the big mulesliow, always a most interesting feature of the Blue Grass Fair, will beshown, and Hereford cattle will alsobe seen.Tarious classes for sheep will bejudged in the pens, and the poultryand pigeons will be judged in thepoultry house.Great show -rings in other classes,two Nfree attractions, music by thegreat Liberati's band, will help fill up"the day's program.On "Wednesday morning the breeding classes for standard bred horses,as mentioned-above, and classes forjack stock, etc., will be shown in frontof the grand stand.Famous Blue Grass Stake Wednesday.In the afternoon the famous BlueGrass stake for five-gaited saddlehorses, which always produces th5best seen in the world. This stake always gives us a spirited and excitingcontest, and brings out a Jarge 'field.The yearling division of the saddlehorse futurity, which is a renewal ofthe 1911 show, should prove a greatshow, including as it does the winnersof last year and many others.Thursday is always a great day andan extra program has leen arranged.The forenoon will be taken up withbreeding classes for American saddlehorses, the prizes for which are particularly rich and jdesirable and certain to bring about a magnificentshow.The classes for Short Horn cattle,which always produce a show forShort Horns -well worth the trip ofmany miles to those Interested inbeef cattle, will be shown in front ofthe grand stand. In the afternoonwill be witnessed Junior Championship stake for five-gaited saddlehorses and an excellent program forracing, varied show classes for roadsters, three and five-gaited -horsesandfine harness horses.Friday unorning' wll be devoted toJersey cattle, which is always a goolshow, as the best herds in the stalemeet here. f . .In the afternoon Shetland ponies, inaddition to racing and a varied piOgram of show classes.Thoroughbred Saturday.Saturday is always Known as Thoroughbred day, when we see ringswhich bring together many of themost noted thoroughbred horses fromthe greatest nurseries in Kentucky.The afternoon program is one ofthe most interesting of the entireweek, as it includes all championshipsin which final contests occur betweenwinners of the individual classes during 'the preceding day of the fair. Therule governing these classes requiresall animals eligible to show in theserings, or forfeit money won in theprevious shows, and this rule will bestrictly adhered-to, thereby assuringlarge fields and affording the publicthe opportunity of seeing the winnersbrought together.The week promises to be not onlya gala one in Lexington, but a recordbreaking one in the history of theBlue Grass Fair.Master's SaleOF-TOWN LOT !PlaintiffKate B. Mann', - r-Notico of Sale. -WhittingtonMann, &c, -DefendantsUder and by virtue of a judgmentof the Bourbon Circuit Court rendered in the above styled action, theundersigned Master ' Commissionerwill sell at public auction o the"highest and best bidder at the courtliouse door in the city of Paris, Ky.,at about the hour of 11 o'clock, a,m., onMONDAY, JULY 14th, 1913,the following described property:Beginning tt the northwest cornerof the lot owned by Hattie HillMann Dudley at a stake in the south-fern .margin of East Seventh street314.3 feet east on Pleasant street;thence running westardly along thesouth margin of Seventh street 60feet to a stake corner to Kate B.Mann's lot; thence with her linesouthwardly 130.2 feet to a stake inthe line of Geo. Alexander (formerlyNoah Spears' line) ; thence with saidAlexander's line eastwardly 60 feetto a stake corner to the lot ofHattieHill Mann Dudley; thence with saidDudley's line northwardly 129 feet tothe point of beginning, being a part ofthe lot deeded to said Mrs. M. F.Hedges, by deed of record in theBourbon County ourt Clerk's office,Deed Book 70, page 319, and mentioned in her will heretofore referred to. iSaid sale will be made upon a creditof six and twelve months for equalparts of the purchase money, purchaser being required to execute bondJ forf equal installments of the purchaseprice with good surety threon, to beapproved by the Master Commissionerpayable 'to said Master, and bearinginterest at the rate of 6 per cent,per annum fom date of saler untilifipRlSIWG CURE OF STOMACHTROUBLE.When yon have trouble with, yourstomach or chronic constipation, don'timagine that your case is beyond helpjust because your doctor fails to giveyou relief. Mrs. G. Stengel, Plainfield,N. J., writes : "For over a month pastI have been troubled with my stomach.Everything I ate upset it terribly.One of Chamberlain's advertisingbooklets came to me. After readinga few of the letters from people whohad been cured by Chamberlain's Tablets, I decided to try them. I havetaken nearly three-fourths of a package of them and can now eat almosteverything that I want." For sale byall dealers.Not All the Requirements.Discussing a rather Bohemian set inChicago George Ade said at "the Chicago Athletic club: "These poor girlsneedn't think themselves literary justbecause' they use a pencil to darkentheir eyebrows with."THE KING. OF. ALL LAXATIVES.For constipation,- headaches, indigestion .and dyspepsia, use Dr. King'sNew' Life -Pills. Paul Mathulka, ofBuffalo, New York, says they are the"Kinsr-of. all laxatives. Thev are allessing'to ah my family and I alwayskeep a box of them at home." Get a"o6x and get well. Price 25c. Recommended, Uy Li Oberdorfer and W. T.lX VJUlk. -- -1;Alps' Toll of Human Life.About l,d,00',000 tourists visit theAlps1 each ,year, of whom about 24meet with fatal accidents., tpaidy and to remain a lien upon theproperty sold until paid and to havethe force and effect of a judgment.C. A. MCMILLAN,Master Commissioner Bourbon CircuitCourt.Ray Mann, Attorney.M. F. Kenney, Auct.(20-27-jul4)BOSTONQUEBEC H1AGARA TAOS .- .ALBANYMONTREAL ADIRONDACK MTS v ' AIOOO ISLANDS cv'Ne'. N- . , fJftMr-" -- -VTu. B,Oft.Jg-r7. -tta-.&JtMtBm. MNEW AYORtt4. jh nwninuiuri mm j"isaeaCan't Keep It Secret.The splendid work of Chamberlain'sTablets is daily becoming more widely known. No such grand remedy forstomach and liver troubles has everbeen known. For sale by all dealers.nHIUHHtataHHHBnHiHHiMIPILES! PILESrPlLES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENTWill cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching Piles.It absorbs the tumors, allays itching at once,acts as a poultice, gives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and 81.00.WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.For Sale.1913 model motor cycles and motorboats at bargain prices, all makes,brand new machines, on easy monthlypayment plan. Get our propositionbefore buying or you will regret it,also bargains in used motor cycles.Write us to-day. Enclose stamp forreply. Address, Lock Box 11, Trenton,Mich. julyl-2tFor Rent.Cottage of 5 rooms, newly paperedand painted, inside and out. Electriclights, water and sewer connectionsPossession at once. Call East TennPhone 34.MMr -Martin BrosFurniture Moving,City Transferand First-CalssLiveryOur, Facilities forHeavy Hauling isGood.Our Livery is as good as theother fellows. Horses fedby the week or month.We would appreciate &share of yonr business.Prompt attention given allorders.Both Phones 260.MARTIN BROS.,Eighth St.Paris, Kentucky,SPECIAL TRAIN EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURNSunday, JULY 20SI. 25i'mmwmmmmmmmmlmmn ML 9 M 9 I BBfc IHh L. 9 mWmWMmWMmWMWMJNew England Points jSee that your ticket reads viaRoundTrip.25RoundTripSPECIAL TRAIN,Leaves GEORGETOWN 7-.45amASK TICKET AGENT FOR PARTICULARS.Neorll(ntral LinesWONDERFUL PAINTINGAT BLUE GRASS FAIR'The Shadow of the Gross" isI on Farewell Tour.i "The Shadow of the Cross," thefamous .unexplained painting ofChrist, will be one of the special attractions at the fair this year. Manyinducements were offered by the failmanagement before they toul&secur?this famous' work of art for the' fairthis year. Knowing that thi$ will bethe last year for public exhibition ofthe painting they deeded that it mustbe obtained at any cost, so that thepatrons of the fair should have a lastopportunity to view it before i it goesinto retirement.The picture was painted in 1896 byHenry Hammond Ahl, an Americanartist Mr. Ahl, desiring to excel inthe production of an ideal k of theChrist, spent many weary months trying to attain his ideal of the Christman; he did not succeed and the canvas became a source of worry andvexation to him. A well known lecturer on religious subjects became interested in the artist's work and triedto make him understand his realization of Christ as revealed in a dream.TCot long afterwards the artist wasimpressed with the idea , sought afterand painted the wonderful counten-ance seen on "the canvas. He sent forthe lecturer friend and on enteringthe studio the lecturer exclaimed,1o'Now you have painted Christ as Isaw him in my dream.00A few .nights later Mr. Ahl ;h ad -occasionto'go to his studio and was astonished to find that his paintingjcould le' seen in the dark, the Christappeared to be walking "in a pale4 moonlight, while atove and behindthe figure was a black cross. His firstimpression was that the moon wasshining through an open window andthat the cross was a shadow, but uponcloser inspection he v'found "" ttiat aSADDLE HORSESpainfingttie picture, and Tie had usedWill Be an Important Exhibit at Lexington This Year.Outstanding in importance amongthe live stock features of the BlueGrass Fair are the three divisions ofthe National Saddle Horse Futurities,to be contested at Lexington on Monday, Aug. 11; Tuesday, Aug. 12, andWednesday, Aug. 1'S. On Tuesday thedivision for foals of 1912, and on Wednesday the one for 1911 division.This stake was inaugurated lastyear by the. Saddle and Horfie ShowChronicle, and proved to be the bestand most exciting exhibition ever given in any ring at any fair, there being51 exhibits.Th'e renewal of 1911 stake for yearlings and inaugural of 1912 futurityunder same conditions as last yearare already causing widespread interest throughout the country. The approximate value of each is '$1,000, tobe divided among the 10 b'est coltsor fillies.The two rings themselves wouldmake Tuesday and Wednesday thebanner days of the fair.Three other stakes for saddlehorses are also provided: One for250 for five-gaited saddle horses,three years or under, and one of ?200for three-gaited saddle horses and under. These stakes are always hotlycontested and to every lover of thehorse are worth going miles to see.JkHLBig Four"Tlie Wafer-Level Route" &And take your choice of boat or trainbetween Detroit and Buffalo, andbetween Cleveland and Buffalo. J JStop off if you like at Niagara Fallsthe world's greatest cataract. jThe trip between Albany and New Yorkmay be made by luxurious train or by Hudson River steamer all tickets are optional.For tickets and all information 'see your localagent or addressE. R. WHELENGeneral Agent Passenger DepartmentCincinnati, Ohio'M&islMlmu1Victor Bogaert Co.,Jewelers and IrriporetrsDEALERS IN HIGH-CLASSDiamonds andPreciuosIStonesiff--n;:T:'ijiraa TwinWe carry a large assortment of Sterling Silver, andeverything in the Jewelry line.Your patronage is solicited.VICTOR BOGAERT CO.1 33-1 35 W. Main St.!1 Lexington, - - KentuckyIWOMAN'S DEPARTMENTWork of Fair Sex to Be Well Represented at Blue Grass Fair.The Woman's Department of theBlue Grass Fair, to be held at Lexington Aug. 11 to 16,H1 he more important and extensive this year than everbefore. .The premium list has beenrevised, and classes offered cover al"most everykind of woman's "vork andtable luxuries JThe second .floor -'ofthe Ar hall ns 'iven entirely to this"department, and is usually one of themost attractive- exhibits of the-' bigOn thej. lower floor the managementhas -arranged with" the-Canadian Government Exhibit, to .bring their displayof wlieat, grain andbther agriculturalMLow Round Trip Faresfrom Paris toNew York & Boston30 day limit Tourist fares toNew York $28.0060 day limit variable route fares toNew York $31.95 Boston $35.55Reduced round trip fares to many other cities and resorts in the EastSuperibi; Service' to the Eastt Eor particulars, rates." folders, deicrintivIt literature and sleeper 'reservations, address'W. H. HARRIS, Ticket Agent1iuoMaHMaMnaHHain.,v ?BUS.npnarfiDAitt1 If I UkU 1171FU.1 UIIV701-703 Main Street, Corner SeventhSore,M JMNATIONAL.COlJSERyATION EXPOSITION, KNOXVILLE, SEPTEMBER-OCTOBER. 19IJproiuct?. This jshouldajjtrapt th atfeatioaof every! fafnfern tber atlt4as'ttfshe saml dlspfay rmadeli Ijig- V vSeelOur Window For$12.50, $15.00 and $18.00 Suit&uiReduced toSI&. t$9.98. These Suits are in the latest styles and olors ancT areexcellentvalues. Take a look at them. We also have a!full line of Shoes, Hats, Caps, Shirts and everything thaiMenJand Boys wear.L iTWIN ,BROS., CLOTHINGrqEPla.0 -?.2,ii ! L.!Wo!lstein, Propri - or. : ' y j?only well known , pigments. . .sta airs-,a4 exp.oitions.,Tmt.i7a9 J.M? 3M ,"V " jT .5f T T - - - .. 1........ , , r-: , 1,-...: XiJ,..v;i - . - . .7, , ", , , y;THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KYv JULY 15. 19130- s.MV- : i7 I i fISThe Bourbon NewsL J Established Feb. 1, 1881.U 1 i f .V I IF SWIFT CHAMP,-Editor andPublisheri I ! j?(Entered at the Paris Kentucky Post-,office as Mail Matter of the SecondClass.)WHY SHOULD BOURBONNEED THE STATE'S AID?Tho ttnnd Roads Committe of theLouisville Comerical Club is floodinghe newspaper offices with Circular letters and newspaper stories advocatingState Aid in Good Road movementThe course pursued by the committeeis in a measure commendable but thereis no necessity for it in the case ofBourben county.Why should Bourbon county approve of the efforts of those interested in the movement for better roadswhen each year there is paid into theroad fund of the county a sum in excess of 40,000? Are not the tax-payersof Bourbon paying enough for itsroads without helping pauper counties- ''whose resources are not great. Thiswould necessarily be the result if theaid of the State was enlisted in themovement for good roads.Bourbon county could not approve ofany measure that might lead to this.The tax-payers are paying into thecounty treasury enough for a roadfund to insure the best highways -ofany county in the State of Kentucky.With conservative distribution of theconuty road fund no doubt it can beproven that each road if Bourboncounty could be placed in an excellentcondition, whereas, at present a largeper.cent of the mileage -of turnpikes ofthe county are in a deplorable state.There is a better remedy than lend-, ing assistance to secure aid from theState for Good Roads, that is, it appears to us as citizens and tax-payers-of Bourbon. Elect a County Judgewho will see that the roads of Bourbon are well-kept; elect a CountyJudge who will devote his tinle in thedischarge of his duties in this department. Bourbon county needs no aidfrom the State to improve its roads;it needs an official who will see to itthat the road fund of thee ounty isspent to do the most good for thegreatest number of people, who forthe past eight years have had theirrights abused by an official sworn toguard the interests of the tax-payersand who has been "weighed in the balance and found wanting."This should appeal to every voterwho has a voice in the coming primaryelection. C. A. McMillan pledges himself to devote an interest to the publicroads if elected to the office of CountyJudge. This is a matter that has beentreated with insignificance during thepast eight years and during the administration of the present County Judge.Why should there not be a change toinsure a better condition of the county's highways, without aid from theState and stop the ruthless expenditure of the county's road fund andthis without any benefit to the tax-payers.- Bourbon Coutyn need a Good RoadsLeague. Let's have the roads we arepaying for. Other counties which payno more or less tax than Bourbon havegood roads; why cannot we havethem? Record your vote against Dundbn and his bad roads. Vote for McMillan for County Judge. -NO GROUNDS FOR SUCHUNDUE CRITIC. SM.Dissatisfied with the erdict at thetrial of the four negroes charged withthe murder of Town Marshal Petit, theClay City Times in its recent issuecomments" and severely criticises theBourbon jury as follows:"Those Bourbon county sap headsmust have been behind with theirwork, and if these negroes had agreedto work for them they would, probbly have cleared them of the brutalmurder of Marshal A. T. Petit. Theyounger aggregation of this uartet,are strangers to work or probablythey would have done this and gainedthir liberty."That Bourbon county jury evidently believes a negro should tar andfeather a dozen more mountainwhite men before electrocuting him."The proceedings and trial of Marshal -A. T. Petit's murderers is astrong argument in favor of justicebeing meted out by Judge Lynch.'- "Such a sentence and such delayin the trial has worried the patienceof the law-abiding citizens of Powellcounty. The whole affair is a disgraceto the Commonwealth. Powell countywould have done better. Had it beenleft to, the people of this county altogether, at least two of the boys whoconfessed to the killing would havesuffered the effects of the electricchair long before this."The editor of the Times m his narrowness allowed his prejudice to getthe better of his judgment. Referring to the Bourbon men who composed the jury as sap heads"is indeed very ungentlemanly, when itis considered the jury was composedof some of the most substantial -farmers,business men and men of otheroccupations, in the county.There is no excuse for this criticism of the Bourbon jurors, who. intheir judgment, rendered a verdict in'accordance with the law and evidence- at the trial in Winchester, and whichthey were sworn to do when the were. accepted by the prosecution and defense. Any law-abiding citizen deplores acrime of the kind that was perpetrated in Clay City, and it is even moredeplorable that a man of the communi"ty should enter an argument favoringjnob violence to secure justice. Theday of mob violence has passed, although the- knowledge of the fact maynot as yet reached the editor of theTime, who in his far-away positionshould restrain himself .from, criticisms of a just and honorable body ofmea.If you approve of the bad conditionof tk turnpikes of Bourbon county,Bdorsft Dundon, who is responsiblelor them. ' If you are dissatisfled.reoord your protest by voting againstjDuadoa and bad pikes. Vote for Mc3f illan and bettor roads."And theCullud Troops' Fought Nobly.t ; - i' ' v r!- X S illTHE COUNTY JUDGESHIP.,There is one thing upon which the voters of Bourbon county should speakout and express themselves plainly in the coming primary. The News doesnot believe that the County Judge who is the leading peace officer of thecounty, sworn to uphold the law, should be allowed to take employment incriminal cases. It is his duty to uphold the law and to prosecute criminalsand he is paid for this by the county in his salary and the fees of his office.He ought not to be permitted for compensation to go out and defend criminals. Take one instance that will illustrate our point. Take the blind tigersand bootlegging business of Claysville. The most notorious of these bootleggers is Bud Macom who has been in the courts constantly costing the. Commonwealth thousands of dollars to proscute him.. But after Macom had triedvarious attorneys to defend him, lo, and behold, he appeared in court with(Judge Dundon as his attorney! CaseJudge Dundon appeared to defend him. You can imagine the effect uponthese law breakers of having the County Judge as their paid attorney. Itemboldened them to defy the law and our courts have been kept busy prosecuting Bud Macom and the bootleggers of this kind. .A few terms of courtsince the then Commonwealth's Attorney delivered one of the most sensational speeches ever heard in the Court House, and which no one present willever forget, wherein he reminded the County Judge of his sworn duty to uphold the law, and to prosecute the violators of the law, and remonstrated interms that will never bs forgotten ?grinst him appearing in court in thedefense of these violators of the law. We want a County Judge whowilllook after the turnpikes of Bourbon County instead of spending his time, defending Bud Macom adn those of his kind for comoesation.But a word of warning right here. Under the new primary election lavthe Republican primary is held at the same time and place of the Democratic primary. The News predicts that Bud Macom and his gang will be mustered into line to vote for his attorney,Judge Dundon, and every vote thuscast kills the vote of some worthy Democratic citizen of Bourbon county.ASKS FOR ARTICLE TO 'BE HE-PUBLISHED.' Editor Bourbon News,Paris, Ky.Bear SireYou published an art'ele showing that the County Judge u esoonsible for the condition of the piLes. Ithink this article ought to be givengreater circulation because the claimbeing made over the county that theCounty Judge is not responsible forthe bad condition of the pikes is misleading some of the voters, Iwrite torequest you to re-publish that articleand give it more circulation, as I aminterested mv better pikes.Respectfully,A COUNTRY VOTER.We take pleasure in granting the re-quest above, and the article referred(to is as follows:LET'S HAVE NO DODGINGI OF RESPONSIBILITY.Judge Dundon is quoted as sayingwhen electioneering, that he is not responsible for the deplorable condition of the turnpikes.But the Court of Appeals of Kentucky holds that he is responsibe.There were bad roads over in Boylecounty, which led to an indictment bythe grand jury at Danville and the casewas carried to the Court of Appeals ofKentucky. The Court of Appeals heldthat the County Judge may be indictedfor bad turnpikes in the countyIf our statement is denied or challenged, we will, at our own expense,get a copy of the opinion of the Courtof Appeals and publish it. Every lawyer of experience or practice knowsit, and we are prepared to prove whatwe say, with the opinion itself, if ourstatement is questioned.It was bad enough to neglect theturnpikes, certainly so to neglect themto such an extent that the Grand Juryof Bourbon county felt called upon tominister a severe rebuke, but to attempt to shirk this responsibility is asbad or worse, especially when done toget votes. The people of Bourboncounty do not want as County Judgenya man who disclaims responsibilityfor condition of the turnpikes. If hedoes not feel his responsibility he certainly should be retired from office.-r; o rWe have had bad roads for eightyears under Dundon; try McMillan forfour years.nafter case of Macom was called andCOUNCILMAN W. O. HINTONDEFENDS ADMINISTRATION.(From the Kentuckian-Citizen.)It is to be honed it shall not be considered iirproper for me to reply tothe article which appeared in theast issue of the Paris Democrat under the above heading as it was myduty as Chairman of the Finance Committee to compile the figures and submit the estimate for the tax levy, andalthough the Mayor, on whom alonethe attack was made, did approve theestimate and express a desire that therate might be lowered, yet the figuresfrom which the estimate was made aremore familiar to me than anyone elseunless, perhaps, it be the wonderfulmind of the honest editor of the Dem-j ocratIt has not been my purpose to noticeany of the villainous attacks that haveso frequently emanated from the fertile imagination of those who are opposing the re-election of the Mayorand a Council in sympathy with him,but when the lie is charged and deception attempted to be proven throughperversion of facts and figures by aneditor who publishes from the housetop that all others are liars andthieves except himself and those whomhe holds up as idols and examples ofpurity, it is time that actual facts begiven the public for fear that theremay be some in the city who do notkno-re, the Mayor has lived in this community for more than three quartersof a century and made a name fortruthfulness, honest dealings and faithfulness to his word that not even thefalse asperstions of the editor of theDemocrat nor the influence of his patron saint Mr. O'Brien, can destroy.To those I wish only to submit the figures as they actually are and not asthey are "given to me by a member ofthe Finance Committee" and they area matter of public record and mighteasily have been obtained by the honest editor of Democrat.To those who have spent their livesin Paris where both myself and theMayor before me were born and havesince lived it is not necessary to offerany further proof of an honest purpose than the past records.Is Mr. O'Brien as willing to go intothe past records either in business orin private life, or those in the Circuit.Court records of Grand Jury indictments, or will the honest and faireditor of the Democrat insist on theserecords being published in full or ishe so under that wonderful spell thatMr. O'Brien possesses over little children that he can only see that smilethat plays upon his countenance wnenin the presence of those who worshipand adore him? No, the honest andfair editor is not likely to publish anyof these records unless he can breakaway from the spell that binds himat the feet of his lord and master."So much by way of preface."As to figures that prove, accordingto the wonderfully wise and astuteeditor of the Democrat, that the Mayorhas deliberately lied and wilfully deceived, lookover them carefully.They were made carefully and notat random as you might be led tosuppose.In round numbers there will be fromthe tax levy and franchise $50,000;from licenses, $20,000; from sale ofrock $2,700; from whisky tax $2,000;from police court $800. These together with a balance of $17,000 onhand at the first of the year make atotal of $92,500.These figures in part must be basedon the same items from last year andmay vary slightly when the actualamounts are received. The expenditures must likewise be largly basedon the expenses of the past year. Theinterest and bonds will be $9,400. The1'brary will receive about $2,000; thehospital $4,000, (which has been established and opened during this administration) ; the public school, $14,000. The general expenses of lastyear were $4G,000. This latter itemincluded several new streets, the reconstruction of a large portion of theold streets, and several new sewers,although the honest and fair editor ofthe Democrat says not a dollar wasspent. Much of this work will not benecessary this year and the expensewill bo several thousand dollars less.With the new electric motor installedat the quarry rand the new contractfor lighting there should be a savingof perhaps $4,000 in the general expenses, so that they are not likely toreach more then $42,000.This withthe other expenses above make atotal of $71,400, leaving a balance ofover $21,000 from the general purposefund and available lor tne improve- k!ments recommended. A ilrst-classmodern motor truck can be purchasedfor about $5,000, the portion of Mainstreet needing resurfacing can be repaired for about $7,000. The difficultend of the sewer will probably cost$5,000 or $6,000, which will carry it toa point from which the city can easilynandle the extension with its ownforce. Besides the above figures therecords show that the city had on handat the first of the year $17,000. Thatthe receipts last year were about$3,500 in excess of expenses. The saving in this year's expenses should morethan make up the reduction in the taxrate and leave $21,000 or moreavailable for improvements and anyemergency that may arise. It is impossible to explain how the fair anJhonest editor of the Democrat has arrived at his figures. It would be unkind to say it was malicious and intentional and might hurt the child'sfeelings and it may be better to attribute it to gross carelessness that has (marked the great majority of hisstatements.It would be wrong to pass without 'comment his mention of the splendidcondition in which Mr. O'Brien leftMain Street, and the statement that iwith proper care it would have lasted .for- years. If the editor means by jproper care that all traffic be kept off .Main Street, then if the- public approve of such care, it can still be preserved for ages by forbidding its useand may stand as a perpetual monument to the great toresight and en-1gineering ability of Mr. O'Brien, un-'der whose administration the street 'was laid by a firm which it is said 'had never before done such work,and which, much to their credit, hasnot done any since. This may or maynot be tptie. It is true, however,that the street was improperly laid atfirst and had to be partly relaid and !Mr. O'Brien and his associates permit- jted that nortion torbe laid over thefirst structure instead of having it Itorn up and that in this way the dangerous crown was given to the streetwhich caused the grand jury to forcethe city to roughen the surface insuch a way as to greatly injure thestreet. ,It is true that the only twoblocks which were laid anything likein the proper manner are the onlytwo that are anything like good today. It is also true that there has notbeen a year since Mr. O'Brien's retirement from office that the companywhich did the work under guaranteehas not been required to patch thestreet to such an extent as to almostappear to be resurfaced and that thepatches would hold only for a fewmonths and that the present condition of the street is due to this verysame inefficient construction andmakeshift repairing for which thecity has not been able to enforcepayment from unreliable contractors.It is also true that the natural lifeof such street where properlylaid at first is from 18 to 20 yearswithout any repairing instead of 7years with constant" repairing. IfMain street is any credit to Mr.O'Brien let him have all of t.As to the Fire Department whichin the language of the honest and faireditor of the Democrat "has beentotally destroyed." This is too. sillyand childlike to need more than passing notice. It can not be honestlysaid that there has been a single fireduring 'this whole administration thathas not been handled as quickly andwith as little loss as has ever beendone by any fire department the cityhas ever had. The only fault withthe fire department is that some, whowould like to, have not been able todictate as to who shall constitute itsmembers. Both he and the community would profit more if the honest andfair editor of the Democrat wouldspend more of his time hunting forthe points of advantage his city hasover others and publishing them instead of using every opportunity toknock his town in order to boost thecandidacy of his idol who must depend on dragging down the goodname and defaming the character ofhis opponent rather than on any meritof his own.As to the purpose oi; the Mayor andhis associates to keep their promisestheir past records together vath the.figures given should remove anydoubt. It may be also added that lastyear Mr. Parish, who occupied thesame place as now, on the FinanceCommittee, insisted that thecity's expenses could not be taken care ofwith a tax rate of less than $1.65,while as a matter of fact it was takencare of with a rate of $1.30, and abalance left equal to nearly 10 cents.As to the additional income fromjthe saloon license not having beenJ returned to the taxpayer either inimprovement or further lowering ofthe rate this is as false and misleading as any of the other misrepresentations. The total lowering of the taxrate has amounted to 50 cents in thefour years, equalling $18,000. TheSchool Fund has been increased about$5,500, and about $5,000 of overcheckand back debts inherited from theformer administration were paid and asurplus of over $17,000 shown at theend of last year, making a total of$45,000, which with the thousands ofdollar spent on the outlaying streets,that were left by Mr. O'Brien in themost miserable condition, makes morethan the extra amount from saloonlicenses.The great trouble, it appears to me,with the opposition is that they fearthey "will have to run the city government on the same economical basisas that on which it has been run thepast four years to make the presenttax rate equal to their purpose, butthey need have little fear of beingput to such a stress as the voters ofParis can be trusted to see that theirgovernment is entrusted again to theadministration that has for four yearsmanaged so well and accorded tofriend and foe alike the fair treatment to which they are entitled.Nor will it be necessary for the honest and fair editor of the Democrat tobe put to the embarrassing duty ofhaving his fellow citizens sent to theState prison for appropriating moneycontrary to law.The people can be trusted to see to 1their own affairs without the aid ofthis wonderful guardian of public interests. Respectfully submitted.W. O. HINTON.EverybodylueI ThemSix-Big Days and NightsCommencingMonday, Aug 1 1America's Greatest Horse Show.6 Big Horse Stakes. Running and Harness RacesDaily. $20,000 in Premiums. Splendid Display of Every Class of Live Stock.Liberates Concert Band and CrandOpera Company.High Cactss VaLadevSSIe Every Turn aMeadiiner.free Acts OaISyEverybody from everywhereKike to the Blue Grass Fair.You may see all the ret,But come to Lexington to get the best.Reduced Rates ore A51 Roac2s.For Catalog or further Information, addressJOSMfN W. BfciN. Secretary,II L8a2igtoh5 Ky. Ifjiilllfw1 "rlIllii mmtBa-&m lf?lllfl& iSski .ummmmmmMjummmwmmwszmar jm?MM.m.jar jmrwmMr wrW loYoung man, you have no friend as good as YOURTOWN MONEY. It can always be relied upon. If you loseuyour job, or get hurt, or sick, if other friends forsake you,which they would, your money will stay with you. Have itin OUR BANK where it is safe and where you can get itwhen you want it. .Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.Capital, $100,000.00!J. M. HALL. President,Notice of Meeting of fiartfc? .T? A P- 5 urnnii i , nmiwvinniarcT . -vjl uiiu v'jiuiuioaiuuuij;The present beneficiariesthe-Garth Fund are hereby re-quested to meet the undersignedCommissioners of said Fund in.the Court House in Paris, Ky.ron Wednesday, July 23rd next,at which time said beneficiarieswill be expected to present theirreport; and to bring with themthe books studied during thepast school year, apon whicbthey will be examined.All new applicants are requested to present themselves for examination on Thursday, July 2Arnext, at the same place. 'CLAUDE M. THOMAS.JNO. T. COLLINSEMMETT M. DICKSON ;(15-3t) . Commissioners.FOX TERRIER PUPS FOR SALE,I have for sale pure-bred Fox Terrierpups, all nicely marked. Price, $2;ALVTN THOMPSON.Home Phone 50, Clintonville.East Tennessee Phone 192, Paris.(8-3t)$CANCER CURED1 guarantee every case I undertake; 20 years practice; reference, any citizen of Paris.DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.$is Going toGrass FairL8a2igton5 Ky,I ONCE HADMONEYHAD FRIENDSI LOANEDMY MONEY TOMY FRIENDSI ASKED MYMONEY OF MYFRIENDSI HAVE NO1 1MONEYHAVE MOc t 3 k V? .fpill'STSBE1-i .- -i J - Jfc a.R1ENDSJ a7FEAD ONLVHADTIN OOLAV T SVOhf.Surplus, $40,000.00.C. K. THOMAS. Cashierrnf-'f'?"i-x-Sv5THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY IS, 1913mr-aH--m0itmvB&s'iemim'smmmm'im in r t iim imB'HlUHHirn III IU'luMHUjLMMattWMeBr- ..?t1. .j'&.M&6tfKifflL m PERSONALHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADEB3G REOLICTiOFNS.OEs Gedac2o2ns oraall rrcn asid Lawngoods, Ref rHseratorsarad Wail paper.J.T- SiSNTON.vWILL BE TAKEN TO THEMASSIE HOSPITAL TO-DAY.Mrs. Ben. Barker, who has been suffering for the past several days froma severe attack of nervous trouble,-will be removed from her home in theDoyle Fiats on Main street to thejtfassie Memorial Hospital to-day fortreatment.MASTERSELLS TWOPIECES OF PROPERTY.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney made thefollowing sales Saturday at the courthouse door for Master. CommissionerC. A. McMillan: The Settles houseand lot in White Addition to GeorgeAlexander for $2,125; the Paris Novelty and Manufacturing Co.s plant toW, O. Hinton for 800.YOU WILL BE PLEASED.Got shoe satisfaction by trading ati4-tf)N FELD'S.C ,UNCILMAN REPLIES TODEMOCRAT'S ATTACK.Councilman W. O. Hinton in aj'ngthy card published in the Ken-tuckian-CitizenSaturday, replied tothe editor of the Paris Democrat, whoby false figures and a misrepresentation of facts attempted to "show up"the present city adminisraion. Mr.Hinton in his reply denounces the article of the Democrat, also the editorand by a most convincing argumentand figues secured from the reportof the Finance Committee of the Council, sets the truth of the matter before the people of Paris. Mr. Hinton'sarticle is reproduced in full in anothercolumn of this issue.HOTPOINT.A Hotpoint Electric Iron in yourhome will save time, strength andenergy. The Paris Gas & Electric Co.will send one on two weeks' trial.These irons are guaranteed for tenyears. The price is 3.50, and the, costof operating is not over five cents perhour. If your home is not wired youshould 'phone us at once for full information. MELONS ON ICE.Fine Georgia Watermelons and Canteloupes always on -ice. Phone us yourorder early.OS-It) JOHN SATJER.PARIS WOMAN INJURED INMOTOR CYCLE ACCIDENT.As a result of a 'motor cycle accident which occurred Sunday afternoonabout four miles from High Bridge,Miss Minnie Hall, pianist at the M-amo Theatre, was painfully injuredMiss Hall accompanied Mr. StaleyLowry to High Bridge Sunday and thecouple was making the return tripi'"hon j limit-, fmir milps from Hisrhf Bridge the machine skidded and Mr.; . Xowry, losing control of the cycle," barely missed a telephone pole.Miss Hall was thrown off and as a re-' wsult sustained a sprained wrist, whileMr. Lowry escaped injury. The nia--5&j.chine was considerably damaged.They proceeded to Lexington, how' -." ever, and Miss Hall was brought toyv -lier home in this city by Mr. A. F.. 1 Fxendberg.MELONS! MELOTJS!Watermelons and Rocky Ford Canteloupes on ice at all times.4(lt) C. P. COOK & CO.- ' 1NEGR0 BOY GROUNDk ' ; m nPATITO DEATH BY TRAIN.Nelson Jones, a negro boy ten yeasold, was killed Thursday about 5:30o'clock at the construction camp ofDuane & Corlan on the Louisville &.Nashvill Railroad, between Paris and"Winchester. The boy was staying atthe camp with his father and stepjnother, who came from South Carolina, and served the laborers as waterboy. When killed he was standing bythe steam drill, whioh was in opera-tion and on account of the noise madeby it, the boy did not hear a freight" train from Winchester, and was runover by it. The body was brought to, the undertaking establishment of Geo.W. Davis and buried Friday. Coroner.tRadolph Davis visited the scene ofthe accident and held an inquest.CUT PRICE SALE.& : Prine & Co.. Clothiers, are makingffV- Jl :,-vr. fliAii TTio-li A-rf "Vfon'c-Suits. Now is the time t oget first-class suits a the price of cheaper maderr ones.Come and see for yourself.VERDICT OF JURYBREAKS HLLIDAY WILL.! " The Holliday will case, involvingKrVf" . . . ,,.,ir. nnn 1I1, !,V?W an estate ol aoout uu,uuu, wuu uc-gun in the Clark Circuit Court betore' Judge James M. Benton last iuonaay,was givep to the jury Friday afternoon late, after arrangements bycounsel. After a short time speni in'. deliberating the jury was excused un-til Saturday morning, when at 10:30f--L. o'clock it returnea a veraiot ureaiuus- v the will.Thes uit to break the will of Stephen Holliday, who died about two!years ago a.L Le age ul ou, a.o uuub""by Lewis Holliday, a nephew, and thegrounds on wnicn ne asKea uie uuuuto set aside the will are undue inflHolliday, and the alleged incapacity ofthe old man io make a will, because ofhis mental condition. His wife wasthe widow of his brother, and he married her when lie was 77 years old.The case was hard fought on bothand intense interest was manifestedIn the trikl and its result-Miss Elizabeth Clark, of Lexington, is visiting her aunt, Miss BelleOgden.Miss-Madeline Denon, of Lexington, is visiting relatives and friendsin 'this city.Mrs. W. V. Huffman, of Millersburg, is the guest of relatives onNineteenth Street.Miss Bessie Keller; of Covington,is the guest of Miss Edna Keller, onSouth Main street.s-Mrs. J. W. Huffman and daughter,Miss Edna Huffman, are visiting relatives in Springfield, Ohio.Messrs Leer Stout and LoganHoward leave to-day for a two-weeks'stay at West Baden, Ind.Mr. C. N. Martin, of near thiscity, is in New York and other Eastern cities on a ten days' trip.Mrs. David Bachrach, of Muskeegon, Okla., is here on a visit to herparents, Mr. and Mrs. L. Wollstein.- Miss Ella O'Neal and Miss LulaDavis have returned from 'Cincinnatiwhere they visited for the past week.Messrs. Ireland Davis, W. B. Tinsley, John Kriener and W. ST Arnsparger motored to High Bridge Sunday.Commonwealth's Attorney VictorBradley, of Georgetown, was avisitorin Paris yesterday on legal business.Miss Ailleen Schwartz, of thiscity, and Miss Alice Bewkart, of Lexington, are sojourning at Oil Springs.Mrs. Chas. Livingston, has returned from North Dakota.and is withher cousin, Mrs. W. S. Turner, nearParis.Mr. N. F. Brent leaves to-day forMichigan to join Mrs. Brent and hisson, who have been there for severalweeks.Messrs. Chas. Peddicord, KenneyNichols and Spears Moore leave thismorning for a two weeks visit to Windsor, Canada.Misses Anna Warren and Kate Anderson have returned to their home inStanford after a visit to Mrs. JesseTraylor and Mrs. Clarence Elmor, inthis city.Miss Dorcas Ussery, who has beenthe guest of Miss Frances Champ forthe past several weeks left yesterdayfor Cincinnati to be with her mother,Mrs. W. C. Ussery the remainder ofthe summer.Mrs. J. W. Hay den "left Friday fora visit to her mother at Stanford, Ky.,and from there will go to DrippingSprings to remain about ten days.Mrs. Laura Boone and Miss Fannie Boone, of Kansas City, are theguests of the former's daughter, Mrs.W. W. Judy, at the Robneel apartments. Mr. Clifton Arnsparger and son,Will Estill Arnsparger, leave thismorning for a vacation. They willvisit Cape May, New York and oherEastern points.Messrs. Edgar Yansant, JamesThompson, George White Fithian,Edw. McShane, John Stuart and EdwMyall left yesterday for Camp Daniel.rBoone iu xelson C0Unty, for a va-cation.The following handsomely engraved invitations have been issued:Mr. and Mrs. I, D. ThompsonMiss Sarah ThompsonFriday, June EighteenthNineteen Hundred and ThirteenDancing Elk HallMr. and Mrs. Frank Farmer, ofJackson, are guests of the latter's parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Earlywine.Miss Ollie Chambers left yesterday for an extended visit to relativesin Nicholasvilie.TEACHERS EXAMINATIONBE HELD THIS WEEK.The examination for county .teachers will be held Firayd and Saturdayat the office of the County Superintendent, Miss Mabel Robbins, in thecourth ouse. On next Friday thecompetitive examination for entranceto the State Uuiversity will be heldin the office of Miss Robbins, provided,however, there is more than one applicant. KNIGHTS TEM.PLARUNIFORMS WANTED.If any one having a second-hand K.T. Uniform for sale will communicatewith me. I can dispose of it this week., I have owlers for several if I can findthemjItJ. T. GATEWOOD,719 Main Street.OUR SPECIALTY.Representing one of the best engaving houses in the South, we makea specialty of this line. High-classengraving, such as calling cards, reception and at-home cards, weddinginvitations and announcements.Sat-isfaction guaranteed.15-4t PARIS BOOK COWOOLFOLK'S TEAM WINSFROM PARIS AGGREGATIONThe Woolfolk Coffee Company baseball team of Lexington, defeated theParis team Sunday afternoon in ahard fought 12-inning game by thescore of 8 to 6. The contest was oneof the best of the season, and the gamemarked the second defeat of the Paristeam by the Woolfplks.AGED LADY HAS BAD ACCIDENT.Mrs. Belle Palmer, the mother ofATrc JnTin J Mp.P.lintock. fell down thesteps at the home of her daughter lastevening and sustained severe injuries. Besides breaking her hip shewas considerably bruised. Mrs. Palmer is aged about eighty years.APPOINTED EXECUTOR.Judge Harmon Stitt was appointedexecutor of the estate of MargaretForsther by Judge Dennis Dundon inthe Cdiinty Court. - ,SPECIAL REGISTRATION TO BEHELD NEXT SATURDAY.For the benefit of persons who wereabsent from the city during the registration period last year, those prevented from registration by sickness, or bydeath in their immediate families;those who moved into the city afterthe latest date for registration at thelast regular election and are qualifiedvoters; those who have become of agesince the last election and are qualifiedvoters, and those who have movedfrom one precinct into another sincethe last election, a special registrationwill be held in vthe office of CountyClerk Pearce Paton next Saturday.According to an abstract of the newprimary law, "the County Clerk shallrequire written oath as to the cause orfailure to register at the last registration, and also require the affidavit of aphysician if illness is given as thecause. The affidavits shall be kept ina bound book for that purpose."The right of any person to registerspecially may be challenged by anyvoter present; and the County Clerkshall examine such person and anywitnesses who may be offered, underoath, and shall determine the right ofsaid person to register."The County Clerk shall write thename of the person 'specially registered on the last page of names beginning with thh same letter in the lastyear's registration book and in the column headed 'remarks,' he shall writewords 'specially registered.'. "The registration books shall be sentto the polls to be lused by the electionofficers to determine the right of anyperaon to vote in the primary."Where a voter removes from oneprecinct to another, after, having regotered for the last election, he mayhave his name cancelled on the lastyear's registration book by havingwritten opposite his name the word' removed' in the column headed 'reinarks,' and then he may be 'speciallyregistered' by the County Clerk, upontaken oath that eh is qualified voter,or will be such on the day of the primary, in the precinct of his' presentresidence."A person removing from one cityto another in a different county shallnot be reqnired to have his registration cancelled, but may be 'speciallyregistered' upon making the same affidavit as above, viz., that he is a qualified voter, or will be such, on the dayof the primary, in the precinct of hispresent residence."Under the law, before a person mayvote he must have been a resident ofthe State a year, of the county sixmonths, and of the precinct sixtydays, hence persons who may havemoved from one precinct to anothersince the last election, although theymay live in the same ward, must be'specially registered'-before they mayvote in the coming primary. Personswho move from one precinct into ananother within less than GO dav,s of theprimary cnsquauty tnemseives iromtakin gpart in the primary election.Relative to the naming of elecion of-ficers to serve in the coming primary ithe law provides that the officers shallbe appoined by the County Board ofElection Commissioners; two officersfor each voting place from a list ofeight names submitted by the party ,commitees of he two leading political jparties, rue list or names seiecteu oythe party committees for election of-ficers at he primary shall be submittedto the Election Board no later thanj nex Friday.or fifteen days before theprimary, and shall be open to inspection thereafter,The law provides that the candidatesshall be.entitled to unite regardless ofI party, in designating the names of per-I sons to be appointed election officers,by giving wr-iten notice to the ElectionBoadr delivered to any member thereofnot later than 10 days before the primary. Tweny-five per cent, of the candidates may name one officer per precinct; 50 per cent, may name two officers per precinct, and 75 per cent, mayname three officers per pecinct. Thelist of election officers shall be made upby the Election Board and open to inspection by any candidate not laterthan noon on the Saturday precedingthe primary.SUPERINTENDENT'S REPORTIS READY FOR FILING.The report of County School Su-i perintendent, Miss Mabel Robins, hasT ,14-l n-nl ITrlfl-i Vi,- nnnnol IUCtJIl V3UiUlJ.LCi.cu. cinu. iiu liic ajjpiuvaiof County Judge Dennis Dundon willbe ready for filing with the Superintendent of Public Instruction Bards-dale Hamlet.The report shows that there are 'thirty white and twenty-three coloredteachers in Bourbon county, with anaverage yearly salary of $423.62. Theaverage daily atendance during thevnni woo 1 QO TtTifh o TflrnQTif rf nf- !JT U.1 tCJ J-,UU AI.X1. M, iivuuu Ul l' tendance of 63.2. The average costof teaching in census, according tothe report is ?6.50 and enrolled$10.48.The library report shows thirty-seven individual libraries in the county jschools contained in all 1852 volumes.Volumes to numbe of 549 were added this year, representing anoutlayof 378 expended for that purpose during the year, of which $316 was froma private fund. The total amountJ expended during the school term forpsalanes and the necessities of conducting the county schools paid from theState and countysfunds was $36,092.50.BOURBON BREEDERS SELLFANCY SHOW HORSES."Messrs John T. Collins & Son, theNorth Middletown horsemen, reportthe sale of two of their valuable show"horses, the deals having been consumated during the past few days.D.r D. Witcover, of Darling, S. C, wasthe purchaser of the prize show gelding, Foxy Phil, which was shipped direct to the Darling horse show. Cinderella C, by the great show stallion,Roosevelt, was bought by the firm ofGeorge & Little, of Camden, S. C.LPrice obtained for these two horseswas private, but it is understood tohave been an excellent one.Miss Nellie James, daughter ofMr-, and Mrs. J. W. James, of EastFourth street, Nhas returned from a ,week's visit with Mrs. R". E. Froman,in Lexington.If you advocate bad roads you willvote to keep Dundon in office. Hewill give them to ypu. 'BY SLENDER THREADTOTS LIFE HUNG.The Lexington Tribune of yesterdaycontained the following:In a little white cot in the children's ward of the St. Joseph, hospital lies little William Talbotfc thethree year old son of Mr. anr Mrs.W. G. Talbott, of Paris, Ky., and byhis side sits the mother.It was found necessary several daysago to operate on little William for appendicitis to save his life.When the chid had been returnedfrom the operating room the motherclung about watching every movement for the slightest sign of life. After a while the mother was awardedby the blinking of the eyelids andthen the little fellow held out hisarms weakly towards his mother andbegged her to kiss him.The mother reached over and tenderly kissed him while the nurse visibly affected, smiled.Attendants at the hospital announced later in the day, the child would recover. hildren 0a Be-kt,93Let them increase the joys;of childhood and keep a record of them for "grown-up"day.s with aSo simple that a, child canoperate them and make goodpictures $2, $3, $4, $5, $7,p-f nnfl HQj 1U ttllu 31-lllllllllll jgg I " 'M MBB P8H 0 llmumtni i ibsSBsSbB I ' Secretary. 9Bh aft Sh 7i wI W U3Sf riillW ZCZM:4,mMerW JK3BF HaMME WP, ' 'I rett . p &&$' fP$5 tfir 1 1 1 1111 tN -J rnuffflmi 1i m M,y O" ' " r lPn jmrrmwt iwmb atumnanrci i i!i rvn lutj imji j-lw !jj srr n w m i ammri r -- aBammiaiMH1 T TIT o j A n 1 e 4 . 1tB U - . . 1 M t SJ-' ri. Mr y. - . -. PLk - 9t S-."1c- mi - i bi 3 n su m H t-, I-1 w m Ft i fis il f sU a. , SU I 1 i I I s 3 aiiJLT.WNTONWood MantelsIJuly Clearance !JScklBeganB(Ionday,aturday,EdLm OosesNm oieiii !i$i Oldest Fair in the State!67th Annual Sralr of thecAgi5 BIO19, 209AUGUSTThe Program this year is decidedly the bestever offered in all its history. Write for Catalog,LIejoiisi9s ISag United Showswill f urnish-.the attractions for the Midway. Twentyclean attractions.m trilghDiveandfzv&ry Day.Write to the undersigned for entry blanks andinformation.I JOHN SLma&&BBniBbaBwsmmmmmmrxwMmmmm :We do not claim this Cabinet to be the best in theworld, but we DO BELIEVE THAT IT IS, and WEKNOW that it is a great deal better than some makesthat are much advertised and boosted "and we canshow you that they are. Seeing is believing. Come'and see. Save you money.A swell new line of Brass Beds . and Davenportsjust received. Save you money.Now is the time to buy your Wall Paper at bigreductions. Save you money.Refrigerators Greatly Reduced. Save you money.SAVES YOU MONEYUndertaking1::July 7th:July 19thTucker t4--Wwicuitur al Society-521, 23, 23, 1913.BaHoonAscensionWSGGINS,Secretary.IAmbulance& k'HTbJI - fcfc.jr . .,j1uWJTP'l-LFULL STATEMEfiT -Imfjo memberIr?Y BURLEYy.ftReport Was Approvedin Full By the Disotil Board. s j i ,130ISI-WANCESARE SHOWNjs.fttf JU :Jy.llieyiew or tne various amisWhich Have Been Brought; Against JSociety., iAt the vmeetlng- of the District 33oardof th Burley Tobacco Society and theBurley Tobacco Company, held at theCiTurthouse in the city of Lexington,"Ky., on July 2, 1913, President Lebuspresented to the members the following statement showing the financialcondition of the Society and the Com-,-35. . . .iCLUJ . V f - (" 2, CfHaIexington, Ky., June1 30, 1913.; IIlenient of Burley Tobacco "Society,ty, -1906tjcrop of the 1 per cent and ,Buyer's Fee retSaed: . I O 1 '3 Disbursements.Byjl per cent 1906 cropBuyer's Xees ..., v.To41 per cent general ex- ""Jfpense 1906 and 190T crops. '139,362.89Loss on sale to Ind. Factory 9.250.CGAmount cnerpald countieston distribution ..r... -5.012.0CTinance claims paid S5.SJS.25Amount paid m excess ofJl per cent and bujer'sReceipts.$ 79.346 31157.97i.ViSv.sites2.192.SSrj?239,513.SG ?239,ol3.S6Lexington, Ky., June 30, 1913.-Statement of Burley Tobacco Society, 1907erop of the 1 "per cent and "buyer's fees retained: " .mlouuiacmcuia. xieiA.'l u.Jyjl per cent 190 1 crop...,Overplus on 1907 crop...:.. -Buyer'sfees collected..'....Type samples ..,Sundry Items ....' r. ..-...,To finance claims pild for. ?112, 475.52'T21.22L7SS00.31-loans to poolers 49,755.91To 59 per cent of generalexpense of 19'jG and 1907crops ..-. f....T... '200,546.60-To loss on tobacco sold tb "Independent factories ... 93,243 60 v 'Loss on Jamison tobacco.. 4,372.46Lofes .yon Eshelby Tobacco . to. purchase" .. 4.E26 00 JAmount oerpaid countieson distribution 4,427.97Amount of expense paidJtfor 1966 ,.... 2,192 S2Cash on hand.' ,'....., ..200,276.49-5559.441.S5 5559.441.S5- , Lexington, Ky., June 30, 1913.Statement, Burley Tobacco Society, 1509 crop:Disbursements.Beceipts.By-sales, 7,695 bhds...Type samples (Penalty, fees and, re- NbateTo reclamations $ 19,755,73iBehandlinjr J S!o.23SLSO?10,525,304.63 j21,977.09,. 205,183.43Jib per cent stock B.B. T.t jil,05,6rSS.J.... , 11,57.35pon-'iI CoiTsxes(County Boards of pon-Uf expenserWhse. sellinir pharos49,11968freight, etc 372,322.03i Inspection 34.4S2 00Insurance and storage. 463,656.11jExpense 499.055.69jDistributions, Xos. 1, 2, and 3 7.212,921.76"ICash on hand 14S.79S.20$U0,752,465.15 510,752,465.15Lexington, Ky., June 30, 1913.Statement of Burley Tobacco Company:Assets. Dr. rvtobacco purchase ac- iount, old S 162.197.54strater Bros. Xeu- Tobacco 5364.752.49Strater Bros., rehand- "-ling 15.7S3.5X S0.!fifl73111s receivable 19,752.52taobj estate, loose lear .Jid redry houses E4G.10R nCSiattels, scales, trucks, ig prizes, engines, bas- !v kets, etc 50,225.15 -L,a Ioan to growers on , '"warehouse receipts .... 8,75S4ftfctory 600.0Oa.O0-.woe xrom tactory4 $72,018.21Doe from factorj loan J1 90 AAA AA . n.t n.robacco Associa'n Exchanges rY AnIBank balance 25.30IJabllltles.Balance proflt and lossaccountrTflM1Otlfft5 m 9S,6S2.9S263.S70.4115,713.42.518,000.001,051,802 53259 548.25-t - '. 20,692.78Xioose leaf saleA branchesy Bills payable " -uStock account3 J. D. Smith reserveit A. D. Carroll reserveBurley Tobacco Society .sues acct., X90S i51,9,q29325( 51,969,029.25This report was unanimously approved by the District Board and or-fdered to be printed.., ! addition to this financial stateii ment, the Board desires to submit tothe members -f the 1909 pobl and toj the public a plain statement of facts.xae xoregrng financial statementj hows a iwance of $200,746.49 arising-Xrom the sale of the 1907 cooled tobacco which has not been distributed.Jeiore the 1907 pooled tobacco wasA paid for, suits were brought by the ln-n ueuucui toDacco manufafeturers- Inif th Ferl Courts at Cincinnati. Cov-$ iatrton and Frankfort, seeking to kwldj the Burley Tobacco Society' arid thVOCIETYtj -wrhole pool movement to be In violation.C o the Sherman Anti-Trust law and alsoJj eking to recover damages agalns"? the'-g society and theembersof; tbi DIstrlct Board and- other 'nrominentgrowi;i - ' to the amount of aoout Sl.000.00O.DftThe suit in Cincinnati was inhet-Mme of the E. O.Eshelby TobaccoCoin jiaay and" wa:4n only one thatcaraft. to a, flnaltria), which wasjntheearl party- it fhe'Year lVli. This waswon-by -the Society. -One of the other,!suite pva.i ; ettled jshfrrtly af ten this' b u ett .". ' -&2 '. ,f T Ti I i.S.i..l.xne twogrcmajmngrjMmiSyf ". "abol:tVS400,000.0dF were not isettledn-Jp f JS. - -.til about the firstof May, 1913.During th2 pendency of these suits., . , , . .. ;no distribution of this balance of the1907. monejy could be made. Before thesettlement of these suits the Auditor'sAgent. oTKentucky filed suits in aboutforty different counties for back taxesragainst the Society, covering the 1906,1507 and 1909 pools, seeking an assessment against the Society coveringthe years 19TJ7 to 1911, 'the aggregateyears 197 tp 1911, 'the Jssmen i clamed6? Jntc-4assessse suitsamounting to $62,000,000 in round numbers, the taxes sought to be collectedamounting in round numbers to $620;,--OOO'wth20 per cent penalty to beadded. These tax suits were pending;wheni the suits inthe Fedecalf Cdurts' ' A s!v settled 'and are stilt pertdingl and Iwereuntil they are determined no distribution of this balance of the 1907 poolcan be made.AhmitAmv i "fai 3. hofvever. 'whenthe Federal) suit! were settled; thedBoard directed distribution sneets xu,be preparedand .hey wereprepared toenable the society to listriDute xijbalance of the 1907 pool money assoon as these suits brought by theAuditor's Agent can be disposed of.Nothing remains to be done by theSociety- in reference to the distributionof this halance except to write out thechecks 3when -jthis litigation j-Is. deter-mined.u, , a ' h ; t '-a'Stoek To Be Issued.v The certificates for the capital stockIn the Burley Tobacco Company are'nthe hands of the prjnter and will beissued to'the members of the 1909 poolor the holders of the warehouseceipts as soon as the warehousere-re-iCeipts are turned in to the Company.The holders of the warehouse receiptsshould turn them in to the CountyChairman or Secretary to be forwardedto the Burley. Tobacco Company at itsoffice in Lexington, Ky., as soon ispossible, sothat the certificate of stockcan be issued to the owners.l i "i , ., ,.l,i - toc.in ilmcnX"U UIIlliU.IlJr LUU1U "Ut iOOUC 'WV-certificates of' stock before this time forthe reasqn that the. amount Jo be issued to each mjSmber could "not be ascertained until the tobacco was sold.iThe final .sales were not completed untilJuly d,1912. A man who buys tobacco" on the hogshead market is allowed sixnionths to make reclamation for damages arising from -the tobacco "in thehogshead not being as good as thesample. The time would not run outfor these reclamations until Januaryf 4,1913, and until that time it could notbe determined what, am ounto'f stocki 6hould be issued to cich holder How -ever, in the month of August, 1912, bidsor th t of this stock were se-cured fiom the printers and the foimi 'the, stock certi ficate vasi directedii tito be prepared by :lie attornejs of theCompany. In the first part of1 October,, , , ,1912. suit was filed bv two men own-lj ing 175 worth of stock, in the Kentcn! Circuit Court against the Burley To-' baccb"COmpany, attacking the. ehai terof the Company, and the right to "Issuethe form of stock certificate which thecharter, required to be issued. That suit4was brought to la final determination Jn.the jlower court as1 soon asv cohld bedone'and was then' takei to the Courtof Appeals and advanced and snbniit--tedat the earliest possible moment indwas not finally decided by that Court-until the I7th-day of June, 1913. TheCouEtlpf Appeals in its decision held'that "the provisions in the charter H(rtthe Company relating to the form ofthe stock certificate and the voting ofthe stock were void and that the stockwouM-have to be issued wjth the -votingpower accompanying it directly tothe owner of the stock. Immediatelyupon the rendering of this decision theCompany proceeded to haye 'the-stockcertificates prepared and they will be.promptly issued.Protected the Control.It was the '-purpose In the organization of this .Company to keep the management and control beyond the reachof the.enem'as of the growers, and thecharter of "lie Company provided thatthe individuals constituting from timeto time the members of the DistrictBoard pZ the Burley Tobacco Societyshould vote this stock. iThe Court ofAppeals in its recent decision has heldin substance that this clause of thecharter is void because Jt was not formally agreed to by the stockholders, andI in accordance with that decision eachstockholder will -vote his stock In theelection to be held In October for theBoard of Directors for ttfis'- Company!The District Board recognizes that it.is its auty to acquaint the growers with'the present situation that confronts theCompany and ' the Burley Tobacco Society. The grower .now has tp face andTobacco Company and the Burley Tobacco Society continue or shall'they 'be-dlsnolvedt , r ,In addptihg the charter 'of the-Bur-leyTobacc- Company ,thp clause thathas been struck out by the Court of-Appeals -was inserted or fth,e sole pur,pose tff tectinr theKJomVany againstn-o cjieuuea. wnoj tney.xearep. would buyup thtd stptk arid control iiie Companyby their votes. ii -J ,'.1B,'(Vf the S0?811 of., the Ipurt &tAWsalfe'Wasrentfered onJuie lAsS,the eeJea of the Burley movement6ecam iciivSVidibnylnilnp this stockand securlnr options on it throughoutmearly all of the counties in the Bfir-ley beitfana got Voting proxies in anticipation of, a possible- ruling of thef Court, so that thq very conditions attempted to be provided agairfst in thecharter of the' Corripany have developed?as was anticipated, ahd ht is now aquestion as to whether the control shallh siven to fie endmlea of the growers3or shall bfe retained by the growers. 'rReceiver's Suits.iBeginning in the ye,ar 1909 and ending on the first day of July, 113, asidefrom the four suits filed in the7FederalCourts attacking the legality of theBurley Tobacco Society, there have beenseven suits 'filed 'against the Society orth Company praying foV receiverseither for the, Society and thfe prbpertnder its 'control or for1 the Burley Tobacco ' Company, and each suitseeking the. dissolution of 'the organization. 7 lThe suit which has recently beeh decided by , the Court of Appeals wasbrought mainly for the1 appointment ofa receiver for the Company and forts dissolution and this suit is stillpending in the Kenton Circuit Court -On tho first day of July two, suitswe're brought- inth'e iFayette ClrfcujtCourt; asking for receivers for, the1906 ana 1907,' pools, f These' two uitswere instituted by the same attorneyswho prepare d the suit In Kenton County. There is4 also pending in 'the Kenton Circuit Court another suit broughtbv these same attorneys seeking1' tohold the members of the District Boardand of the 1909 pool and tho Directorsof the .Burley Tobacco Company individually responsible for all of the business transacted by the Burley TobaccoCompany on the ground that they hadno authority to represent " the Company. This suit involves about 2,000,-000.00. - -- itWould Destroy the Pool.'Judging from these various suits, andthe connection betweenHnen. and thosewho represent the plaintiffs in those'Buits and their association with theenemies of the groweVs, it appears'clear to the Board that there is a concerted and well planned movement onfoot to dissolve the Burley, TobaccoCompany and destroy the Burley Tobacco Sbciety, and the whole poolmovement.At a meeting of those who are opposed to the present management ofthe Burley Tobacco Company held inLexington, June 26, there was set onfoot an organization whose purpose isto get proxies of the, stockholders ofthe Burley Tobacco Company with a,view to controlling the Company hndbringing about its dissolution. J The1 com; .itteo selected in that' meeting to;untiol arid ote 'those proxies is composed bfthe following persons:' J. Lr.Vest, a lawyer of Walton, Ky., whocontrols $12 worth of stock from his1909 pooled tobacco, who is the attorney that has brought tho -suit forthe dissojution, of the Company in theKenton Circuit Court and the suit inthe Kenton Circuit Court attemptingto hold the District Boaid individuallyliable, for all of the investments madeby this" Company, on he" technicalground ,'that they.1 were not duly electee!as' Directors of the Company, who isalso the attorney who on July 1, 1913,instituted the two suits for receiversof the 1906 and' 190"7 pools In the Fayette Circuit Court; J. W. Glover, Chairman of the Committee, who has beena buyer for the R. J. Reynolds TobaccoCompany for the last two years andwho has been actively canvassing theBurley belt either in buying stock orsecuring proxies; Mark Hendricks ofFleming ,Count", who helped make thepui chase for the Louisville Tobaccb"Waiehouse Compastioyeh the pool odaw of Scott CoiCompany in 1910 that de-f .that year; Lee Mc-County, who absolutelyrefused to sell any of his tobacco lastyear in houses controlled by the Burley Tobacco Company, and BowehHenry of Franklin County.Alvlce As To Proxies.Fiom the previous attitude of thesemen "toward the Burley movement andparticularly the Burley Tobacco Company, the growers can judge for themselves ,tis to the wisdom of placing theCompany In their control. The DistrictBoaid of the Burley Tobacco Society atthis meeting recdmmends to the poolersand growers of tobacco who are interested w protecting their organizationfrom the enemies of the movement thatthey place heir proxies in the han&sof committees which they may selectin the several counties and that theychoose these committees with caie andplace onthem true and tried men whohave the best ihterests of the BurleyTobacco Society tind the Burley Tobacco Company at heart and let thesemen so selected as a committee ineach county represent the stockholdersin the stockholders' election to be heldin October, 1913. ,Unless the 'friends of the pool thusprotect themselves all of the labor ahdsacrifice that has entered into thecreation of the Burley Tobacco Societyand the Burley Tobacco Company forthe protection of the grower againstthe Trust will .be laid waste.District Board! of the Burley TobaccoSociety and theBurley Tobacco Company: l (Signed),Ben Franklin, Anderson county."W. A. Hugglns, Barren county. )t J. C. Hughes, Boone county. IHenry W. Taylor, Bracken county.lJj T. Reed, Bracken county.Louis Clark, Campbell county. 1Fred Sjtucy, Carroll county. IJ. R. Ramey, Carroll county.W. M. Robb, Clark county. iU. G. Saunders, Fleming county. J, C' H. ferryman, Fayette county. 1Scott Brown, Franklin county.JJ, R. Boles, Grant county. AH. "W. Dickey, Hart county. IClarence LeBus, Harrison county?Jeff Knight, Henry county. SJno. C. Plrtle, Hardin county. 9 -.W. R. "?omlin, Kenton county. h 'HJ C. flyers, Lewis county. $S.A. Shanklin, Mason county. $Mt H. Bourne, Owen county. !fA. L. Ferguson, Scott county. 1 'Asa Bean, Montgomery county.W. M. Mathers, Nicholas county. $-EDT. Hollowly, Spencer county ' $ ',J E. T. Pollara, Shelby county. 'j, . i. x.iii&iumuie countjr. j'Lister WUherpoon, Woodford couf tvO. C. Chapman, Clermont countv Oi..UwuuU,Qtluenanu county, jGnd.o. x. uorin, Green county.WOMEN TO VOTEcountyj clerks will prepareSeparate ballots for" WoMjEN VOTTER' . .Who Desire "To 'Participate In the, 'Election of County Scnool Superintendents at the Prjmary in Kentucky, August 2nd., ,Lexington", Ky. CSpecia.)A letterihas been sent' out "to all the county"clerks of Kentucky by Col. John R.? .llen, of Lexington, attorney for theKentucky! FederatiQn of Women'sClubs, asking if they will- prepare separate ballots for "Women who i desire toparticipate in the election of countyschool superintendent at the primaryto be held? Augusi 2nd. ' In the stiltbrought by Mrs. Waller Bullock vs.Theo. Lewis, as county clerk of Fay-.ette cpunty, the Fayette circuit courtdecided that all womenvno possessedthe legal qualifications required, ofmale voters in the common school election, ahd who in addition are able toread and write, are entitled to votefor county superintendent The courtof appeals declined t'o take jurisdictionIn the case. So the judgment of thecircuit court jn Fayette is in full forceapd effect, and the county clerk therewilLprepare separate ballots for women voters. i 1Women all over the state who areInterested in educational affairs arerequested to consult their respectivecounty . dlerlcs about this subject andto use their influence to have the question settled in the affirmative and tohave' it settled speedily, in order thatwoman may.be informed of their privilege to vote for, this officer, and alarge vote may be casti - 'Residents of cities, below the secondclass, vote for county superintendent,and all Women of such cities, wlio didnot register last October or do notregister ,on the special registrationday, July 19th, , must remember to 'register this October, or they will not beallowed to cast a vote in November.Residents of the county outside oC acity or town are not required toregister. iromts About School election Laws rorT - If .rtl W IWomen Using the School Suffrage inRural Districts. -Vote the firsc Saturday afternoon inAugust from 1 until 5 o'clock at theschool house in each sub-district, in"which ie term of the trustee expires,this year. The officers' of election arechosen by the voters at the openingof the polls.Any woman who is over twenty-oneyears of age and has been a residentof the district for sixty days is eligibleto the office of school trustee, providedshe is able to read, and write, a3shown by a certificate of five responsible citizens of tb.e sub-district.On the first Saturday in August,also, many sub-districts will vote onthe question whether or not a speciallocal school tax is to be levied. Sucha question can not be voted on unlessfifteen days' notice has been given bywritten or printed handbills postedin at least five of the most publicplaces in the sub-district.Women in rural districts do notregister.Important Points About School ElectionLaws For Women Using the SchoolSuffrage m Cities of the Second,Third, and Fourth Classes.In Second-Class cities the SchoolBoard consists of five members elected from the city at large for a termof four years. In November, 1912, allfive members were elected, two members for two years, and three membersfor four years.1 In Third and Fourth-Class cities theSchool Board consists of two members from each ward, elected by thecity at large for four years. In November, 1913, one member is to beelected In each ward in which theterm expires. ,In Second-Class cities, women, twenty-fouryears of age, residents of thecity, who have been citizens of theUnited States for three years and whoare able to read and writo, are eligibleto the School Board.In Third-Class cities, women, twenty-fouryears of age, citizens of Kentucky, residents in the city for twoyears, the last year thereof in theward, who are freeholders in the city,and who are able to read and write,are eligible, to the School Board.In Fourth-Class cities, women whoare qualified voters (see beloW), whohave resided ,in the ward for sixmonths, and who are able to read andwrite, ,are eligible to the School Board.Vote by secret ballot at the regularNovember election or on other days,if the county court so orders.Register on the first Tuesday in October, any time from 6 a. m. until 9p. m.,orojiTSUch 3ther 'days' as" thecity 'council may )byv ordinance prescribe. No person may vote without presenting a jertificafe of , registration.A lost certificate may, be replaced bymaking: affidavit i before the countyclerk and paying ajfee of fifty cepats;'', who ivxy vpjk: I, All, .women, twenty-one year of age,citizens of the United; States, residentsof 'the 3tate one year, of, the countysix months, )and of thelprecmct sixtydays, aiid who are able to read andwrite, are qualified voters at all elections of chooiT "trustees and otherDlces reatiifetOybe elected by, thepeopte' and, unbh ajl school" questionsSUULLULlU. CO cV VOLe.pt Uie- PeOpiC(Ky.Constitution, SepM 145, Session 1 Frankfort, Ky ' Daily Except Snnav s, : i. . .9i & . , 54ActS,-1912.) 'tecn.. 8 Tv - ' 1" K' -'& ! M 7 .Busrness"Mcn?s Barber Shop,(Nexfc to Bourbon Bank).3 - CHAIRS - 3r l . 7 '" Expert Barbers Tr i Polite AttentionHot and Cofd Baths at AHHours i iNo. Long Waits.Share of the Public Pat-irohage Solicited.Windsor Hotel.Modern Equipment, ,'PoliteiService.-Everything Sanitary." ""Children's Work a Specialty;CARL CRAWFORDSpecial Rates & Excursions.EuQiirsion to Cincinnati, Ohio," 14 fl MAT11Vu" lcluulSunday, Silly 20AM I, p3;illrThis train leaves Paris at 7:50 a.m., arriving Cincinnati 10:30 a.m., returning leaves Fourth St.station, Cincinnati, at 7 p. m.Tickets good on special trainonly.T,nw rrmnc-tvir) Summer Tourist tickets to all Summer resortsin the North and Northwest onsale May 15 to Sept. 30. Final Ilimit date 31, 1913, with liberalstop-over privileges. jFor further information, call'on or address.W.H.HARRIS, Agent,';J. K. SMITH, T. A.L.NEWBARBERSIPdc N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECTTrainsNo.3413429710403731233262591383853930832FROMAtlanta, Ga., Dai'y .-. . 5 21 amLexington, Ky., Daily ; 5.18am.Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday '. 7.35 anaMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . . . . : 7.38 amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.40 am,Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday (?,".ti. g : . .7.22 amCincinnati, O., DBily -. 3. . .-. r.". :?.?. . ? s. 9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ." 10.20 amLexington, Ky,, Daily '... 10.15 amCincinnati, G. Daily 10.24 am.Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7 12.00 mCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ...: .". ., 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 3.1o pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 4 ...... .JV 3.33 pmKnoxville. Tenn.. Daily . 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily 5.35 pm.Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday , 5 50 pmLexington, Ky., Dally. 6,06 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday o. 50 amJacksonville. Fla., Daily 6.18 pina;..iiuk, P., Daily t 10:50 pmTrains Depart ,TOCincinnati. O., Daily :K . . 5.28 anMaysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday .1 ? 5.35 amLexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday t.. ?. . . 7.47 am-Cincinnati, Q., Daily Except Sunday s '. .? 7.50 am.Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.50 amLexington, Ky., Daily .'.:?. .3 ?!' 5 9.57 amKnoxville, Tenn., Daily .. .9.55 amJacksonville, Fla. , Daily : ?..:....; 7 : . .v. .10.20mLexington, Ky., Daily .' 10.29 amMaysville. K., Daily .' .....:.. .12.05 paCynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday ...... f ...... 1 ... : 12.04 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. .:...'.: ...- 3.33 omNo.3442940101373733133626256H umcmnati, u., uany 3.40 pm9 Rowlanq, Kyn Daily Except Sunday yjJijl.:v..,...5.56 pm39 Lexington, Ky. . Daily Except Sunday ..;.. .t. ; f . , .3 ...?. . 5.58 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 7 6.23 pmt 8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , 6.20 pm-30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday - , 6.3,5 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily ..., u..,.(.. 10.55 pmr31 jAtlarita, Ga.t Daily -. .,. :10.57 pm- ,IN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3.1 1911.'' -!37rairs ArriveFROMNo.2 fVankfort, Ky.Daily Except'Sunda4 ' Frankfort, Ky., Daily.Except Sunday, - i- v- v - .A.3.30,pm9' Louisville & Frankfortj Daily Except Sunday. .,. , , . . . , ...,..;. . .5.50 pmf ' ;Trdin'sNo: . f . - -, , , . '37 Frankfort & Louisvme, uaiiy ExceptSSunday...-nv?.7. ..::.'. 7i44am1 r anKioru, ixvy- .J-piiy. xuepD ounaav ?? py . . -1 . oj?am i "rr t-:i t i r4 Per Cent InterestPaid OnlimeDeposits .;-Vour Deposits Arc GuaranteedY0DT1KE NO RISKS 'i; IfiVou AreJnterested. Write Us,UNION STATE BANK:Muskogee, OklahomaCapital $100,000fully Paid.For Sale.: iNo. 1" 8-b.orse power Fairbanks;)Morse gas or gasoline engine. Apply;'to PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.24-2t a - ? 'Professional CardsDr. ,Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street).Office Phones 1 Sl -noiiic Jou.E. T. 334.ResidenceHome 334.J J. WELTTAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.itoom 1 Elks Building.D1K. A. fcT KELIiEK,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and o, Elk's Bid gParis - - KentuckyONEDROPdown the throat of a "eapey''chicken destroys the wormsand saves the chick's life. Afew drops in the driniins: waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPESwhite diarrhoea, roap, choleraand other chick diseases.One 50c Bottle ofBonrbonPoultryCiireMakes 12 Gallons of Medicine.Every poultry raiser should keep a bottle othis medicine on hand. Write for free sampleaad Booklet on "Diseases of Fowls." Address.BQURBOH REMEDY COMPANY, Lexington, Kj.For Sale by W. T. Brooks-'MAY 4,19:Arrive. . , r'ai aXDepartl; ;"!, lTO V U u , i r, , . -.... ww r"-u1 -ixrot1mrpiilSsisatft-&3szsa& cr sscssrc25-e-,-A'LTt.- 'ijumiamji.lgy"""y'"MBMM- I Hi.,. jffr.1-?- ' : ; ' '- I:&If fi jir rTHE BOURDON NEWS, PARIS, KY.; JULY 15 1913I)&KL -rx&1,'iAIJlHMiFOR YOUTHUnsightly Grey and Faded Hair"Why not have beautiful, dark, glossy,"natural colored hair, full of life andbeaut' keep yourself young lookingand fascinating? Its s-- easy andsimple to do if you will get a bottle ofHay's Hair Health today. You'll noticea change after one or two applicationshow quickly the grey hairs vanishjow glossy, full of life and vitalityHay's Hair Health will keep your hair.Don't waste time, get a bottle today!Tour druggist is selling more Hay'sHair Health than all others, becauselie knows it's the most satisfactory,the nicest and cleanest to use andTeally does restore color to grey hair.Free: Sign this adv. and take it to thelollowing druggists and get a 50c. bottle of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.cake of Harfina Soap for 50c; or $1.00bottle of Hay's Hair Health and two-25c. cakes of Harfina Soap Free, for LL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.. .W. N Barkley - Mrs. W. N. BarkleyWoman's .Exchaugex & Cafe112 N. Upper Street,Lexinton9 KentuckyHome-made Cakes,- Breads, Pies, Cun"Vlies, Croquetts, Salads, Pickles, ChowChow, Ftc, received fresh daily.i We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Supper; also lunches and short orders at allI hours with the best the .market affords.(28mar6mo)per FARM LOANS!GBflt. $1,000 to $100,000W. KING & SON,125J Cheapside. Lexington, Ky.:'7bthe Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important In thehome than clear.-steady light. Insurethis by fretting the oil that burnsclear and clean without a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Costs no more than the inferiortankwagon oils saves MONEY savesWORK saves eyes.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Chas. C. Stoll Oil Co. .Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "No CarbwAuto Oil.W&Sm!$ amalgamated ARC "mmmmmmmmmmmmmmNo matter whether the thermometerregisters 105 above or 25 below zero,Amalgamated Are Roofingcan't be affected a particle.No matter the curves or valleys ofyour roof you need no tin to coverthem, for Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGis very pliable. It is the Perfect Roofing,and the insurance rate is no higher thanwhen slate or metal is used.We authorize our agents to refund the moneyif our Roofing is not perfectly satisfactory.AMALGAMATED ROOFT4G CO.Chicago, IllinoisSold by Millersburg Coal and' Lumber Co.,IVIillersburgr, Ky.POULTRYram-COLORED ROUEN DUCKSGood Qualities Make This BreedMost Desirable.Fine Market Bird, but Does Not Mature as Early as Does the Pektaor Aylesbury Is Hardyand" Prolific.(By G. E. HOWARD.)The Colored Rouen duck Is deservedly popular throughout this country,and Is considered one of the 'mostprofitable varieties to keep. Theseducks are said to have come originallyfrom the city of Rouen, in Normandy.It is known that large quantities ofpoultry are raised in Normandy, andwhile there may be no positive proofthat these ducks came originallyfrom that city, large numbers of birdsclosely resembling them are to bofound in the market places there.Some writers claim that the nameshould be "Roan" owing to theircolor, but really the color itself doesnot supp'ort this contention.The Rouen duck is a fine marketbird, but does not mature as early asdoes the Pekin or the -Aylesbury. Theflesh is considered very delicate andthe breed is acknowledged to be excellent for table purposes, being easilyfattened. The Rouen will be found aprofitable bird to raise on the farmbeing hardy, prolific, quiet of disposition, and of very beautiful plumage.Their eggs are not as large as those of' Mists Margaret K. Caden,210 jVJ ain Street, Lexington, Ky.Special Display of. Summer Hats . .Moderate Prices!'mm-mmmmmmmMmm9mmmmmmmmtriminHll I(1 IIIHrA. M. Caden210 W. Main St.,LEXINGTON, K .La Fro$1.50 up.Do the women in :your city knowGwe specialize in gLA FROThe Perfect FrontTraced Corset?1 Paris Odorless Cleaning Co. fMen's and Ladies' Suits Cleaned,Pressed and Repaired.Ladies' Serge White Suits and Fancy Silks' our specialty.AH Work Guaranteed Satisfactory"Men's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblocked to your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Pari Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor,White Kid Gloves jCleaned,rshort, 10c; long 25c.Trio of Colored Rouen Ducks.the Pekin, .and are diverse in color.The Rouen is undoubtedly closelyrelated to the Mallard chick; itsplumage alone would make good thisbelie'f. But the shape of the domesticated Rouen duck has been greatlymodified from that of the wild Mallard, the body is grown longer andheavier, with a tendency to drop downin the rear, the wings have lost thepower of flight which the wild ancestor possessed. The plumage, however, remains almost the same.Both the drake and duck clothed inplumage attractive and pleasing to theeye, are as much fancier's fowls as anyof the varieties of chickens, yet theyare of much value as market birds.The only objection to them, aside fromtheir slow maturing qualities, is thatof dark pinfeathers. This should notstand against them any more than itdoes against the many valuable varieties of chickens that have dark plumage and dark pinfeathers. To the farmer who intends raising ducks formarket purposes they are to be recommended.NEW POULTRY FARM STARTEDSecond Experimental Station Locatedat Beltsville, Md. ManagedUpon Practical Lines.So important has the poultry industry" become that Uncle Sam hasstarted a second experimental poultryfarm on his own account. He wantsto find' out what aTe the best breedsand what is the best treatment andmanagement to make them mostprofitable. He wilJ not trust to theexperimental work by the state ofMaine, New York, Ohio or any other.He will have it done under his ownsupervision, so that no mistakes willbe made.His new poultry farm is located atBeltsville, Md., some 13 miles out ofWashington and beyond the Marylandexperiment station at College Park.It is being developed by the bureauof animal husbandry along practicaldown-to-date plans, and the equipment,while of good appearance is simpleand inexpensive in character, so thatthe veriest novice can copy the ideaswithout a great expenditure either oftime or money. Sixty acres have beenset aside for the poultry farm, but asyet it is only in the development stage,and much has to be done before a really workable demonstration plant is established. Most of the houses are ofthe colony portable type.Culling Out Old Hens.It is well to keep in mind that fromthe standpoint of egg production pullets are more profitable than olderhenS. It ifl false wwnnmv tri rotnfnr hens more than two years old unlessfor breeding or exhibition purposes.Get rid -of the old stock inthe latesummer or early fall, retaining onlythe ;very best hens for breeding purposes. Plenty of room should be prowvided for the young pullets to developand this can be accomplished bestby getting rid of the old stock whichfhowB signs- of deterioration.NMiifMitiaiMi8pac for Hen.Allow erary hen from four to lixfet of floor space; better, 8lx. TenInches each of roosting space is nottoo much. The roosts should be Discedt'at least eighteen inches apartnTruckThree TeamsReplacedBSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSBBBBiiMiMBBWBsBBBBPPWiHBBENWfcnIn cieven months this three-ton KisselKar Truck covered in actual service4,760 miles at a fuel cost of $1.08 per day. Manned by a driver and one helper,it replaced three teams of horses. The average daily burden was 37 17.20thstons. It carried an average load of four tons one ton overload but in the entire period named, was laid up only two and one-half hours for repairs."We can recommend the KisselKar Truck and assure that it lives'up to itsguarantee," writes Thomas E. Fleischer, manager of the Sheboygan Lime Works.Two and one-half hours for repairs, carrying over 37 tons per day is a record worthyof notice. KisselKar Trucks cost httle to maintain and are economical to operate becausethe problem is solved m KisselKar construction. gutggNote these striking KisselKar features Simple enpeme. eaev to operate reserve rowerexcess capacity differential lock preventing one drive wheel absorbing all the power onslippery places, and stalling the rrucK-tour speed trans-milters geai td up fourth speedpermitting high speed when desired without racing engine; 15 to 2) per cent lower fuelconsumption than average trucks light spring suspension for power plant, heavy springsuspension for load-gauge that weighs load-greatest accessibilitv-easy control largerbrake drums, and extra powerful bran es special bodies designed to "meet every need.JOsselJCar Uruckz)1 500 lbs.-l -2-3-4 and 5 Tons 'In the range of capacity, 1500 lbs. to 5 tons, you can find just the type that fills yourrequirements and with the KisselKar Truck goes the KisselKar Service, which is themanufacturer's guarantee of satisfaction.KisselKar Service means taking off your hands all of the mechanical detailsA special service building is maintained in this city for the benefit of KisselKar owners.The KisselKar service is a broad and comprehensive arrangement between manufacturer andowners that cares for the car, maintains efficiency, retards depreciation and minimizes upkeep. This service is a valuable consideration in the purchase of a power wagon. Investigate it.Ask us to analyze your present horse haulage ss compared to motor haulage. The result will be interesting.Send for free book showing KisselKar Tsucks in actual use in your line and many otherlines of business.The Following Lines of Business Have RecentlyBought Kissel-Kar TrucksIron and Steel, Lumber, Textile, Milling, Giocery, Dry Goods, Dairy, Furniture, Fruit, Commission, Transfer, Bus, Hotel, Caterer, Brewery, Building Supplies, Contracting, Plumbing, , Canning, Oil, Telephone,laundry, Bakery, Confectionery, Ice, Coal, Farming, Hardware, Ice Cream, Creamery, Produce, Crockery, Undertaking and to municipalities in Fire, Health and Police departments. We make them to suit theneeds of any business.1 PhcPhone 21 05.O. R. HUKLE,51 3 West Main Street,Lexington,Low Special RatesOpen to YOU a safe year around Cream Market at the Highest Creamery "Butter price- for ''.lie Butter Fat, 28c. being the lowest price to date thisyear, and 3Sc. the highest quotation of the winter months.Sell Us Your CreamCut down your work Putyour soil and raise a Cash Crop."on more cows Increase the fertility ofSpot CashIs paid for veery shipment giving a steady year around income from thesale of Butter Fat.Shipments of Cream should be made at least twice a week duringthe summer and every four or five days in the winter, and the railwaycompanies have low special baggage rates for handling cream.Write for free trial cans today or ship in your own cans.The Tri-State Butter Company,Cincinnati, Ohio.Ky. 1MMMWHWMMMMWMBWMMMWWMMMMBMMBMBMMMMMMMBgMMaiaWMMgaMMBMMBMMJMM. A. CAHAL.Barber Shop.first-Class Workmen.Polite and Prompt Attentionto AILHot and Cold BathsWe Thank You For a Share ofYourPatronage.y mmmm i i-Pony For Sale.Extra nice Shetland pony, gentle for"children. Broke to ride and driveHe is a two-year-old and a well mad&animal. The price is right.L. T .LILLBSTON, cjuly3-3t Paris, Ky. hCapital Stock $75,0005,000 Shippers in 3 StateWhen you feel SS?vous, tired, worried or despondent it is asure sign you need MOTTS NERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normal igor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMott's Nerverine Pills ?S" 2?2!WILLIAMS MFG. CO.. Pron., Clev'aad. OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky...mPittsburgh Perfect" FenceLOWEST IN COST Because HIGHEST IN QUALITYiDon't forget, when you buy fence,that price is not cost. JPrice is only whatyou pay when you buy. Cost is all youhave had to pay up to the time you mustreplace the old fence with new.The low cost to you of "PittsburghPerfect" Fence is because it is madeof special Open Hearth wire, electricallywelded at every joint, which gives itgreatest strength and longest life, andreduces maintenance cost to the lowestfigure.In "Pittsburgh Perfect" you get morequality and genuine fence service forless money than any other fence affords.That's the point to remember.Made in Different Styles for FIELD, FARM, RANCH, LAWN, t" --.-- "DJ f ,,,. ar!CHICKEN, POULTRY and RABBIT YARD and GARDEN -VeTy JXOQ Vjrtiard.Ill.CCllAsk your dealer for "Pittsburgh Perfect" and insist on his furnishing it Do not allow him to persuadeyou that some other fence is just as good. If he doesn't sell it, write us direct.PitUburgh Perfect" Brands of Barbed Wire:Bright, Annealed & Gahranized Wire; TwistedCable Wire; Hard Spring Coil Wire; FenceStaple; Poultry Netting Staales ; Regular WireNaiU; Galvanized Wire Nails; Large HeadRoofmff Nails; Single Loep Bale Ties; "Pitt,burgh. Perfect" Fencing. AM made of OneHearth materialIf yoH are interested Ware Fencing, write, fer FREE cony efonr ALMANAC 1S13Pittsburgh Steel Co.Kttskwxb, PwjInnSu!'"Wqp'vim fwjpfriymitfww IJ j:t":s!T"gy;" yj' i.1i'riii,1'1HL BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 15', 1913axa?. -,ifIfefi vIf .fi:fl. iiH HIfrJrit .'-fII!r'$5, UI liHfIir, MNEWS OF MILLEFiSBURGMrs. w. G. Dailey is not so well.. Mr. John Mock continues quite ill.Mrs. Frairkie Collins continues toimprove.Miss Katherine Linville continues, -about the same.Mrs. W. R. Barnes is visiting relatives in Mason county.Mrs. Clara Shanks and Mrs. Thos.McClintock-continue about the same.Mr. and Mrs. O. E. Hurst visitedrelatives at Ewing from Saturday until Monday.Mrs. C. R. Jones and sister, Miss; Ruth McClintock, were visitors in Lex1 ington, yesterday.Mrs. M. E. Martin has returned after a years' visit to her daughter, Mrs.Dan Miller, at Keokuk, Iowa.Miss Bruce Redd returned Fridayafter a week's visit 'to her uncle, Mr.Mulligan, and family, at Lexington.Mrs. Minnie Hurst and childrenares pending the week with Mr. andMrs. Chas. Dalzell, at North Middletown. Mr. Robert Hughes has returnedto his home in Huntington, W. Va,,after a visit of several weeks withrelatives here.Mrs. C. C. Chanslor and little son,John Robert, returned Friday after atwo weeks' visit to her mother, Mrs.Wright and family, at Maysville.Miss Virginia Hutchcraft, who hasbeen teaching at Saundersville, Ga.,arrived Thursday as the guest of Dr..and Mrs. m. Miller for the summer.A little daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Ed. Wagoner, residing near Millersburg, died Saturday and the remainswere interred in the Millersburg cemetery Sunday afternoon.Regular, meeting of Amity LodgeNo.' 40, F. & A. M. to-night Therewill probably be work in the seconddegree and all members of the orderare requested to be present.Messrs. G. P. Fisher, W. E. Powell, A J. Thaxton, J. Allen Ingles andPriest Kemper left yesterday forMammoth Cave in Mr. Fisher's automobile. The party will also tourWestern Kentucky.Miss Ruth Stirman, who has beenvisiting relatives in Fleming, wascalled home Wednesday to be at thefurniture store of Mr. Joel W. Mockduring his absence. She left Saturdayfop Fleming county to be absent abouttwo weeks.Messrs. W. G. and Ashby Leerwere at the bedside of their sister,.Mrs. Frankie Garland, at Vanceburg,from Thursday until Saturday. Mr.and Mi's. Chas. Leer, Mr. and Mrs. J.G.' Leer, Sr., were at her bedside Sunday. Mrs. Garland is critically illwith no hopecs for her recovery.GAME WARDEN HILLVISITS MASON COUNTY.rGeorge M. Hill, of this city, special'State Game and Fish Warden, hasbeen in Maysville several days in theinterest of game and fish in Masoncounty. There will be several deputywardens appointed for this countywrithin?a few days, who will look afterthe violators of the game and fishlaws. -These are excellent laws andshould have the hearty support and cooperation of all the sportsmen of thecounty.iKTo-w Going OnWe Are Compelled To Unload at Once!Our Store in crowded with Summer Footwear and rather than the risk ofcarrying these goods over to next season, we have decided to resort to thisgreat sacrifice sale. We are going to make this sale a record breaker.Of course it takes bargains, great, big rousing bargains to bring a crowd,and this is just what yye have to offer. Read the prices that follow:Misses' and Children's $2.50 values in button oxfords and two-straps, patent and "4 Ckgun metal. Mark-down Price 9 mJ&Misses' $1 .50 patent, tan, white and gunmetal pumps. Mark-down Price 77Children's $2.00 pumps.Mark-down PriceMen's $4 Oxfords, tan, patent and gun metal,Walk-Over included.Mark-down Price .'.Men's $3.50 Oxfords, inand tan.Mark-down PriceMen's $3 Oxfordsin tan, patent and gun metal.Latest styles. CM GfcGkMark-down Price 9 I 75Men's $2.50 Oxfords in button and fl"f jAlace. Mark-down Price 0 "frOne lot of Men's Oxfords,$2 and $3 values. MarkATTEMPT TO RUN CARS' RESULTS IN VIOLENCE.(Continued From Page 1.) tpower to preserve peace and orderThe proclamation directed all saloonsof the city be closed at 6 o'clock lastnight and remain closed until theMayor by another proclamation authorizes them to reopen.GOVERNOR REFUSES TROUPS.After a telephone conference withCircuit Judge Kerr, Sheriff Scott, ofFayette County; Mayor Cassidy, ofLexington, and Gen. Roger D. Wliiams,Acting Governor McDermott decidedthath e would not call out troups inLexington unless it was shown thatthe local officials were actually unable to control the situation in Lexington. PLACE PACKAGE TAXON BLENDED WHISKY.An additional revenue tax which itis estimated will net the governmentan extra million a year, is to be imposed on rectifiers and blenders of,and wholesale dealers in whisky,This proposed tax was affixed to theTariff Bill by the Senate Finance Committee Friday, and provides that thedealers affected must, in the future,pay for the affixed to each packageof whisky make up in their establishments. At present the Governmentsupplies the package stamps free ofcharge.The finance Committee has provided'a charge of 25 cents per stamp onevery package of whisky made upafter the passage of the current TariffBill. Straight whisky made by distillers is not affected by the amendment.Whatever the size of the packageonly one stamp is required, however.The minimum weight of such packagesas prescribed by law is five gallons,which limitation automatically exempts liquor dealers.If you are satisfied with bad roads,keep Dundon in office. If you wantgood roads for the taxes you pay voteagainst him. Vote for McMillan forCounty Judge.NERVOUS TROUBLESKILL AMBITION.Tona Vita Brings It Back To WornOut, Half-Sick People.One of the principal symptoms ofnervous troube s Is a feeling of discouragement. 'A man or woman suffering withnerve exhaustion feels so worn out andmiserable most of the time that theybecome hopeless and depressed.Life doesn't seem to be worth living.Tona Vita has been pronounced byphysicians to be the most reliable andsuccessful tonic and nerve food eversold to the public. It is building upmany thousands of run-down, nervousmen and women and restorign themtohealth and happiness.If you are a sufferer from nervousbreak-down, try this great tonic, and asyou feel your health, strength and ambition return, you will be changed inmind as well as body. Life will seemlike a different thing to you in a fewweeks' time.Tona Vita is sold by Chas. E. Butler& Co.MARK DOWN SHOE SALE$1.39$2.95patent, gun metal$2.49broken sizes,:99c- down PriceDEATHS AND FUNERALSROYALTY.The funeral of Mrs. L. Royalty,who died in Lexington early Thursdaymorning, was held Friday afternoonat the home of her sister, Mrs. Marshall Weigatt, on Ferguson street.Mr. Royalty, her husband, is criticallyill at a Lexington hospital. Rev. J. S.Sims, of the Methodist church, conducted the funeral services ancfthebody, was laid to cest in the Paris cemetery. WILSON.Miss Kate McLeod Wilson, agedfifty-nine years, died Friday afternoon,about 3 o'clock, at the home of her sister, Mrs. Jasper Offutt, on the Lexington pike. Miss Wilson's death was notunexpected, as she had been a suffererfor more than a year, and was critically ill for several weeks. Miss Wilson was the daughter of the late Thos.and Margaret Wilson, and is survivedby two sisters, Mrs. Offutt, with whomshe made her home, and Mrs. WilliamWasson, of Versailles. The funeralwas held at the residence of Mrs. Offutt, Saturday afternoon, at 3 o'clock.WEEKS.Miss Nellie Davis Weeks, agedabout fifty-four years, died at hjerhome on High street Sunday afternoon at 1:30 o'clock following a protracted illness of a complication of diseases. Mrs. Weeks has been in declininghealth for some time and for the pasttwo weeks her family and friendshave been very apprehensive as toher condition and for several days allhope for her recovery had beenabandoned.During her illness she has borne hersuffering with a Christian fortitude.She was a devoted member of thePresbyterian Church and one of themost beloved women of the community. Being of a gentle nature andpossessing many sweet traits ot character, she won for herself the admiration of the entire community andbesides her family leave scores ofadmiring friends to mourn her loss.Mrs. Weeks was the only daughterof Mr. George Wv Davis, one of theoldest and most highly respected citizens of Paris. Her entire life hasbeen spent in Paris and besides hervenerable father she is survived bythree brothers, Mr. George R. Davis,M. Rudolph Davis and Mr. O. L. Davis.One son, Mr. Davis Weeks, also survives. The funeral services will be heldat the grave in the Paris cemeterythis afternoon with services conducted by Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive, assisted by Rev. F. J. Cheek.- The ballbearers will be: James McClintock,Dr. M. H. Dailey, A. J. Witers, Dr. C.G. Daugherty, Geo. R. Bell, Joe S. Varden, Charles B. Mitchell and W. H.Webb.I you want good roads vote for achange. Try McMillan for CountyJudge.You have tried Dundon for eightyears and you know he gives you badroads. Take a chance on a change.Vote for McMillan for County Judge.Infant's, and Children's pumps and oxfordsin patent and tan, $1 values, sizes 2 to 7 JkMark-down Price ... 5 WLadies' $3 values, all latest style pumps and oxfordsin velvets, satin, tan and gun metaland white, the Very best valuesmade. Mark-down PriceMisses' barefoot sandals, all sizes. Now.. . 49cLadies' $3.50 values, all popular leathers and fabrics, in pumps and oxfords, button fli 5ialrid lace. Mark-down Price P i 9 5Ladies' $2 and $2.50 grades two-strap pumps andoxfords in velvet and gunMark-down PriceLadies' $2 pumps and oxfords in patent, gun metaland white pumps. .Mark-down PriceLadies' white canvas button shoes.Mark-down PriceOne lot small sizes ladies'Mark-down PriceCO HEISTF,The quality of the wheat cop,now being threshed in Woodfordis excellent, the grain testing from 60to 63 pounds per acre. The yield ranges from twelve to eighteen bushelsper acre with a few crops averagingtwenty-five bushels. Versailles buyersare paying 93 cents per bushel andmany farmers are selling at that price,though quite a number will hold withthe expectation of receiving $1 later.One of the biggest lot of lambsever sold at one time in Clark countyexchanged hands when H. C: Caywood,of Bourbon, purchased from BrockBros., and Ernest Allen, of that county850 lambs, averaging 85 pounds, at 6cents per pound. These lambs wererefused the buyers in June at sevencents. Although the price is a quarterof a cent lower, there is a differenceof about ten pounds to the lamb inweight.BOARD OF OFFICERSPASS RESOLUTIONS.The officers of he Paris ChristianChurch at a meeting held after theservices Sunday passed resolutions ofsymathy for Mr. J. T. Redmon, a member of the Board, whose unfortunateconnection with an acident in Louisville last week was a source ofdeep regret to his legion of friendsin Bourbon. The resolutions whichwere unanimously adopted aret as follows: We, the officers of the Paris Christia nChurch desire to certify as to theChristian character and high social,moral and business standing of Mr. T.J. Redmon, who is a" member of theBoard of officers of the Paris ChristianChurch; that we consider him to be aprudent, careful man and one, who hasalways been careful and considerateof the rights of others, and in view ofhis late accident at Louisville, expressour sympathy for and confidence inhim, and our belief that it was unavoidable. Order of the Board of Officers of theParis Christian Church, July 13, 1913.J. SHARRARDJ. W. HAYDEN,W. B. ALLEN,C. ARNSPARGER.Committee.We have tried Dundon eight yearsHe has given us no roads for our taxes.Let us have a change. Let us try MeMillan, who pledges us good roads inreturn for our taxes.IUwmsHWEAKNE55but Is prompter elieyedby the medical nourishment inScott's Emulsion whichis not a nerve-quieter, bat nature'sgreatest nerve -builder, withoutalcohol or opiate.Scott & Bowne, Bloomfield, N. J. 13-23n$1.99imetal.99c$1 .49 I99c-50c Ioxfordsstoma1NOSoda crackers are more nutritive than any other f lotirfood. Uneeda Biscuit arethe perfect soda crackers.Though the cost is but fivecents, Uneeda Biscuit aretoo good, too nourishing, toocrisp, to be bought merelyas an economy.Buy them because of their freshness because of their crispnessbecause of their goodness becauseof their nourishment.Always 5 c&ats. Always fresh,crisp and clean.NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANYDROUTH IN STATEAFFECTING CROPS.The State Department of Agriculture, in its crop report for June, saysthat the drouth conditions "prevailingsince the report of June 10 have marred prospcets. Central and WesternKentucky seem to he suffering morefrom the dry and hot weather prevailing. The condition of wheat shows90 per cent., which is an increaseover last' month's report of 5 per cent.The quality is extra good. The condition of rye shows 89 per cent. Thecorn crop crop is 98 per cent., whilethe condition shows 91 per cent.Acreage of oats is given as 88 percent and the condition 74 per cent.Codnitio wnas reported at 79 per cent.June 10.The dark tobacco shows an acreageof 64 per cent, while the condition is75 per ecnt. Burley tobacco reports80 per cent, acreage and 79 per cent,condition. Ninety-four per cent is theacreage of potatoes. The dry weatherhas had such an effect that the condition shows but 76 per cent, as against93 per cent, the outlook reported May1. The sweet pototo acreage i s93 perper cent, while the condition is 89 perThe condition of grasses is given asfollows: Bluegrass 74 per cent; clover78 per cent; alfalfa, 87 per cent; orchard grass, 81.The acreage of cowpeas is reportedat 90 per cent, while the condition is89 per cent. The acreage of soy beansis 83 per cent and the condition 90 percentThe garden conditions are onlyabout 80 per cent, as the drouth hasgreatly affected them.Young poultry is doing well and thecoridition of chickens generally is reported at 93 per cent.The condition of the" fruits of theState have all fallen below the prospects earlier in the season. Applesshow 73 per cent, as against 85 percent, reported last month; peaches 70per cent,as against 78 per cent, lastmonth; pears, 55 per cent, as against61 per cent, last month; plums, 64 perceut, as against 67 last month; grapes87 per cent, as against 89 per. centmonth; blackberries, 90 per cent,showing a somewhat smaller crop thanwas reported earlier.The disease known as catarrhal fever or "pink eye", among the horses, isreported to be well in hand. No newcases are reported.There has been a large corn crop-planted, and the reports are that it isgenerally -clean and in good condition.If the drouth is broke soon there isevery prospect of a bumper corn crop.CORROBORATION.Of Interest to Paris Readers.For months Paris citizens have seenin these columns enthusiastic praiseof Doan's Kidney Pills by Paris residents. Would these prominent peoplerecommend a remedy that had notproven reliable? Would they confirmtheir statements after years had elapsed if personal experience had notshown the remedy to be worthy of endorsement? The following statementshouldxcarry conviction to the mind ofevery Paris reader.Mrs. Ida Huffman, 115 Main St., Paris, Ky., says:' "We think Doan's Kidney Pills advertised, I got a supply atWilson's Drug Store (now Butler &Co.'s Drug Store) and gave them atrial. I was very much pleased withthe results."For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo, N.Y., sole agents for the United States.Remember the name Doan's andtake no other.Special Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther NoticeWe pay 12 l-2c for greenbeef hides. Call us upor bring it to our place.MAX MUNICK,8th Street, PARIS, KYCall East Tenn. Phone 374A1xRAISING OF CALVHSON SKIMMED MILK. 'Calves raised on skimmed milk candevelop into first class dairy cows.On hundreds of. farms, skimmed milkconstitute the portion of the feed ofthe young calf and such, calves makeas good cows as those- receiving wholemilk.It costs a great deal less to raise" acalf on skimmed milk than on wholemilk. By this plan the cream can hesold and made into butter and bhe proceeds added to the farm income.Calves as well as on skimmed milkwhether skimmed by hand or with acream separator, but- skimmed milkfrom the separator has the advantageof being fresh and warm and sweetwhen fed. Where as many as three orfour cows are milked regularly, a separator will prove a paying proposition-.It saves a great deal of time and laborin setting the milk away for the creamto raise and in cleanmg milk vessels.. Feeding skimmed milk develops alarge stomach in the calf. This is exceedingly desirable because, after afbig udder, the most valuable point iv& cow is a large capacious paunch inIwhinh aha mnv atrwa Tiot faatJ "En-awgreat nmk cow without exception haja large barrel.The calf may be allowed to remainwith its mother for five or six days,at which the time the milk is usually fitto be saved. It should then be takenaway from the cow and if possibleout of her sight and hearing.During the first week after removalfrom its mother, it should receiveabout nine pounds of milk a day, divided into two or three feeds, preferably into three. After this, skimmedmilk should begin gradually to replacethe whole milk so that by the timethe calf is three weeks old it is getting skimmed milk only, the quantityvarying from 12 to 18 pounds a dayaccording to the size and thriftness ofthe calf. A teaspoon full of flouradded to each feed of skimmed milkadds to the feeding value and preventsscours. The skimmed milk should always be fed warm, 90 to 100 degreesor blood heat being about right.The bucket from which the calf isfed should be washed and scalded after each feeding. The use of filthyslop buckets and unclean and sourmilk will surely result in unthriftycalves and in a great deal of troublewith scours.Within three or four weeks the calfwill begin to eat bran and shelledcorn, and will nibble at hay. A smallamount of these materials shouldtherefore be provided. Good -cleanclover or alfalfa hay gives the bestresults. Care should be taken not togive too much grain. A safe rule isto give a little less than the calf willclean up.At the age of ten or twelve weeks,if a good pasture is available, thecalf will be able to get a living fromgrass. When this is the case theskimmed milk will be withdrawn. Careshould be taken at this time to avoidstunting the calf and enough grainshould be given to keep it in a thriftygrowing condition, but not fat.Teaching the calf to drink out of abucket requires a little patience.Gently back the calf into a corned ofthe stall, stand astride the youngster,wet the fingers in milk and tet thecalf get a taste of the milk. Thengently lower the hand into the pail,the calf meanwhile sucking the fingers. Allow it to continue sucking thehand and it will meanwhile be suck;ing or drinking the milk. Then gentlyremove the hand and the calf willcontinue to drink the milk. Sometimes it is necessary to allow the calfto go 24 hours without food before itwill allow itself to be fed from thbucket.Teaching the calf to eat grain maybe accomplished by daubing a littlebran on the nose after it has finisheddrinking its milk. In licking this offit will learn to eat the feed, a smallquantity of which should De placedbefore it It will learn to eat haywithout any special encouragementW. D. NICHOLLS,Assistant Professor of Dairying.For Sale. tGood family and drivirfg horse. Ap-ply to I15-2t THOMAS BROS.FOR RENT.Suite of roqms for office or living,apartments. All convenieecws. Cor.Pleasant street aad Duncan aveaiie.