v?fc:xi 3s- -" -A ;iI-. -f's'Jk:- V -SLA .ii5, - v' - feC-,THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARNsVOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, APRIL 18 1913draris Postmaster Receives NewOrder. "FPostmaster N. A. Moore is in raceipt-of a copy of the general order issuedhy the Postoffice Department at Washington, providinfg for the installationof the collect-on-deilvery system forthe parcels post.The new rule provides that afterJulyl, 1913, packages may be Caent bvparcel post, C. CD, provided that"the full amount of the postage on thepackage is paid and ten cents in Darcelpost stamos in addition to the amountrepuired for postage, be added to thepackage.Upon delivery of the package theperson to whom it is addressed mustpay the charges on the package andsign a receipt, which also serves as anapplication for a money 6rder. Thistag, together with the amount collected, is returned to the money order department, where a money order ismade out to the sender of the packageand forwarded in penalty envelope,the monev order serving the sender ofthe package as a receipt for the goods.No goods so sent shall be examineduntil the charges on the package havebeen paid. No packages can be returned after delivery. This new branchof the parcel post service will undoubtedly increase the business, and it isestimated bv some'that it will in timeentirely do away" with the expressbusiness in the United States.Any package so sent is insured forits valuewhichjehall not exceed $100,without extra charge. C. O. D. packages may be received by and sent tomonev order offices only.Rosedale.The editor of News visited Rosedale,the beautiful ew !addition f beingopened up by Messrs. Henry & Bacon,and was agreeably surprised at thewonderful change thev have made inthe appearance of this tract of Hand.They have a numberof lot frontingon Cypress street, and quite a goodmany fronting on a heautiful nevistreet they have graded through thisproperty. They tell us they are goingto name this new street for the buyerof the first lot at their auction sale,which will take place some time inMay.They have a large force of" handsbusy making concrete walks allthorugh this property. They informus that they will extend water mainsand install a private sewerage svstemand havealreadyset a great manybeautiful shade trees.ThisJJaddition is on Cypress Ftreet,close to the L. and N. round house,with concrete walka.all the wav. Wefeel confident that money invested inthese ldts,will be safe and bring returns. Go out Sunday afternoon andsee for yourself.adv.ltFor the Floor.Use Chi-namel for the floor. Itwears like iron. Sole agents for Paris18-2t VARDEN & SON.Candidates Should Note New LawThe petitions necessary under theoperations of the new State primarylaw for candidates seeking party nominations may be circulated on Rand after May 3, and must be filed with thecounty Clerk no later than July 3. Anynominating petition circulated hy acandidate before May 3 will be (worthless and disqualify him from gettingon the primary ballots. Candidatesfor county officers are required to haveon their petitions the signatures ofno less than 3 per cent, and not ;in excess of 10 per cent of the voters of theparty in which they seek Lthe- nominations.PcCashS2ouly j ayingJour SrocereesCan Sieciuce tie Costalof jCiving One7jhirds21 lbs. the Best itit f4ThEastern Sugar mJJ fo(With a $3.00 Purchase) ft)Standard Corn, per can 5c JKTomatoes, per can v ...TlOc KSweet Potatoes, per can C 10c APie Peaches, per can 10c ffiThree 10c size Macaroni or Spaghetti , 25c W25c large package National Oats 25c v.(Coal Oil, per gallon 12c JKT. C. LEINIHAN. 1Cash Grocery. jBoth Phones 234 ttV&Wm'rJk.2ffWifeW7V7"' ?- Yi-i -'"- -- 4s- b-' wjteiJ V7VSJ ?WiSpring HatsEn Af! the Latest Stylesand ShapesvmZS?&New Line of ShirtsP? The Celebrated Fountain Shirt,$1.00The Price Shirt $1.0Men's Night Shirts 50c, 75c, $1Pajamas $1 and $1. SOPRI6E&60. Glowers1and Furnishersm,i3jfeasyiEarai&CharlesXWebb Succumbs toIllness.1YIT. . Lharles D. Webb, iormerlyMayor of Paris, for two consecutiyeterms Judge of the Police Court, amember ot one of the county's mostprominent families, and one ot thebest known citizens of Paris, died athis home on Pleasant street, Wednesday afternoon at 5:30 o'clock, following an illness of almost a year.Mr. Webb had been a great suffererfor a number of months, sufferingwith Bright's disease, and recentlysuffered several severe spella, fromwhich he rallied only to be strickenagain about four weeks ago , andfrom which he never recovered.His condition several days ago assumed a critical stage, causing muchapprehension among the members ofhis family and numerous friends, and1 uesday cening it became apparentthe end was close at hand. At intervals he was unconscious, but frequently there was a verv noticeable change,which gave evidence of his recognizingthose who had tenderly cared 'for himduring the many days through whichhe lingered.Everything known to medical sciencewas done to relieve his suffering, butthe tender care he received from loving hands, was to no avail.The members of his family, with theexcention of his devoted mother, whois confined tocher home with illness,were at his bedside when he enteredinto the peaceful sleep that knows nowakening.Mr. Webb was a son of the late William Webb, who for years conducted agrocery business in this city. He beganjhis career in a printnig uffice, under the late F. L. McChesney, andwas for a number of years in the employ ot the late Col.John G. Craddock.He was at one time regarded as theswiftest type, setter in Kentucky. Inafter years he worked on the KansasCity, Mo., Journal, and ;when he returned to Kentuckv he held a localnosition with the Adams ExDress Co.Mr. Webb's political career began in1889, when he was elected Mayor ofParis, when he succeeded the ElateMayor Chambers. In this .capacity heserved the city for four years whenwith a change in the constitutionwhich created tha office of PoliceJudge, he became a candidate for thatposition and was elected without opposition. When his term ot office expired hewas re-elected in the face of a strongopposition. He was defeated in theprimary election following by JudgeE. T. Hmton.At the expiration pf the term of hisoffice he was emDloved by the News inthe capacity of city editor, a positionhe held until three years ago, when heresigned to go into business for himself, purchasing the establishment ofthe Paris Book Co., which until stricken with his late illness, he conductedvery successfully.About four years ago Mr. Webb wasunited in marriage to Miss GeorgiaFithian, daughter of the late Dr. JoeFithian, who with his mother, Mrs.Mary C. Webb, and two brothers, Mr.William H. Webb,kClerk of the Bourhon Circuit Court, and Mr. Frank P.Webb, an L. and N. passenger conductor, survives.Mr. Webb was born in this city onMarch 2, 1858, and only a few weeksago passed his fifty-fifth year in life.Being of a kindly disposition, Mr.Webb made many friends who willmourn his loss. He was genial andcordial, enjoying a wide acquaintance,and the scores who were numberedamong his most intimate friends, willfeel keenly his demise.Hje was amember of the Presbyterian Church, confessing faith in youth.U-ntil his marriage he lived at thehome of his mother, to whom he displayed a heautiful devotion.The funeral services Iwill take placein Paris cemetery this morning at10:30. Services by Rev. F. J. Cheek,assisted by Rev. B. M. Shive. ;; -The pall-bearers will fbe: C. IN.Fithian, Newt. Mitchell, W. W. Mitchell, Dr. C. G. Daugherty, Dr. M. H.Dailey, Geo. R. Bell, Frank Lowryand N. F. Brent.f I'V.w"WE KNOW HOW"Even WE Admitthat there are more importantthings in the world than havingthe right clothes. We realize that,as the poet says, "A man's a manfor sl that.Itw?JBut, unfortunately, people WILL judge afellow by the way he looks, and even moreunf orf unately, lots of fellows don't look aswell-dressed as they might. It isn't becausethey don't want to, or because they don'ttry, it's because they don't know how orwhere to get garments that will bring outthe best of them and hide the worst ofthem.We don't say that we CAN, because itwouldn't be modest, but we're morally surethat we MIGHT show you a suit that wouldcause the first friend you met to congratulate you on your improved appearance.COME and SEE. .iMitche I & Blakemore,Paris, KentuckyOutfitters to MenAflD tiHUHMflSHi jimhhbb Z Z T!,. -pftBOURBONBAR PASSESLUTIONSRESO-At a meeting of the Bourbon bar,held at the court house yesterday, thefollowing resolutions of respect uponthe death of Mr. Webb, were passed :Whereas, It has pleased AlmightyGod to take from our midst our friendand fellow worker, Judges Charles D.Webb, and whereas, he as a memberof the Bourbon bar and faithful in thedischarge of the duties that devolvedupon him.Now, therefore be it resolved :First That we mourn with the entire community and especially withnis beloved family his untimely deathand realize that the community haslost one of its good citizens and thebar association of this county a useful member.Second Be it further resolved thatwe tender to his beloved wife andfamily our sincere sympathy in thistheir hour of sorrow.jThird Be it further resolved that acopy ot these resolutions be sent tothe family of the deceased, and a copyof the same be spread upon the records of the Bourbon Circuit Courtand that the first day of the June termof the Bourbon Circuit Court be setaside as memorial day in honor ofthe deceased.Fourth Be it further resolved thata copy of these resolutions be furnished to the newspapers of the countywith the request that they publishthem.JNO. WILLIAMS,CLAUDE M. THOMAS,REUBEN HIJTCHCRAFTHouse-Cleaning Time.You have not thoroughly cleanedhouse without you 'have brightened uptht floors w4th Chi-qamel. 'Ihe bestfloor finifch made. It wears forever.18-2t ' VARDEN & SON.iLBiiiimimifiiriniimimiimiimiiiiiiimimI IFRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.!.(. IISPECIALSAll-Wool Serge Dresses, well made, newest styles .$5.00 EachFoulard Silk Dresses, Navy, Black, rown and Copen-haven with small figures $5.00 EachOther Serge, Challie and Silk Dresses.... $7. 50 to $35.00 EachNew Epongc Suits, high-class in every respect,made with new draped skirts, some with BulgarianBlouse coats, -others in neat tailor effects. Price $25.00 EachOther good Suits in Serges, Cords, Ratanes and Silks,from $ 1 0.OO to $40.00Full length and three-quarter length Coats in Serges,Checks, Diagonals and Ratines, lined and unlined, justthe thing for early Spring wear. "Prices $ 1 O.OO to $25.009JlNewest Styles in Silk and Wash Waists.High Grade Garments. Popular Prices.New Millinery Received Every Week. NicelyTrimmed Hats $3.50 to $7.50 EachI FRANK A, fft.:- - -. m9 tmW L. I9ri 4!wcWcat R JW ' m w. ' wv ?fv7M)r7TO7r-7nrr-Mnir'4v "H-'VTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 18 1913- yu.V)..-c.E5) f) rrJ.:I o, , ,uioes KjnaiSveru utveryNew models arid exclusive patterns areshown at all times in our display of Women'sFootwear. Every pair of these Shoes alsoshow elegance of finish and grace in each particular line. We can give you fitting qualitiesin Shoes which cannot be excelled, and as toservice, it need only be said that our Shoes aremade by the best Shoe makers in the world.We can give them to you in widths as narrowas AA.We invite your inspection.Geo. McPhones 301Rt.LBourbon LaundryD4VIS & FUNK, Props'.Telephone No. 4.BourbonKMlParis KentuckyrVw ff '5'2'.Sr S.ff2 2,'5!''8rC'C''CC5!' - 3r 5'35r l5r!-GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 399.iilil win Bros !i Try OurCountry ClubLayer CakesChocolate Caramel,White andRibboni5c, Two for 25cAlso fiubig'sfamous Pies, 15cBaldwin Bros,n,sippeaiomanIWilliams,The Shoe ManXTkWest 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes brack on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeLaundry,iM. A. CAHAL.Barber Shop.i irsi-iiass YYorKmen.Polite and Prompt Attentionto AILHot and Cold BathsWe Thank You For a Share ofYour Patronage.Trees Trees TreesFruit and Ornamentals, Strawberries, Shrubs, Hedging:, Grapes, Asparagus, Rheubarb, Roses, Peonies,Phiox, etc.Everythino: for Orchard, Lawn andGarden. No11 Agents.H. F. HILLENMEYER & SONS,Lexington, Ky.'A WIRED HOUSEBSlKIlYUHWfflEPHE BOURBON NEWSPAEIS, KENTtrCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEntered at Postofnce at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .2.00 Six Months. .1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right o? publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space ' a newspaper's stock intrad source of revenue.ANNOUNCEMENTS.The News is authorized to make thefollowing announcements, subiect tothe action of the Democratic PrimaryAugust 2, 1913:For State SenatorHOIST. J. WILL CLAYRTJFUS HADDENFor Commonwealth's AttorneyVICTOR A. BRADLEYFor County ClerkPEARCE PATONJ. WALTER PAYNEFor Police JudgeR. S. PORTER tL. GRINNANTHOS. J. HOLLIDAYE. B. JANUARYFor Police ChiefJ. C. ELGIN, Sr.W. F. LINKGEO. M. HILLBEN BISHOPGEO. W. JUDYFor JailerJOSEPH FARRISW. O. BUTLERMAKING TRAP FOR RABBITSFull Directions Given for Constructor and Materials Required UseApple on Trigger.In response to a query for directionsto make a rabbit trap, Herbert L.Doty makes the following reply in theRural New Yorker:Material required: Sides, two pieces,2 feet hy inch; bottom, one piece,2 feet by 9x9 inch; top, one piece,Box Trap.9 inch; back, one piece, 2 feet by10x inch. In the picture T, trigger about 10 inches long; B, bracewhich fits In notch at N; P,wooden pin used as hinge at X. Afterbox is constructed from material givenabove, bore a hole in the back a littlelarger than, the trigger; take a stoutcord, fasten it at S, draw throughnotch at R, and tie to center ofbrace. Stick an apple on trigger, asshown in cut, and the trap is ready forthe rabbitSave the Early Layers.Hens that lay but few eggs are animal weeds. If we breed from themthey are more than likely to yielddaughters that will be weeds also.Farmers and small poultrymen whocannot afford to use trap nests canpick out the pullets in September andOctober that are abou commencingto lay, and save a pen of them fornext season's breeders.The pullets that commence layingearly usually continue to lay well.In this way most of the weeds canbe kept out of the breeding pen.Halter-Breaking Colt.Never let a colt grow to any considerable age and size without halterbreaking him. Hundreds of valuableyoung horses are much injured in disposition by letting him run untilthey are two and three years of age,and then for the first time corneredin- a stall by several farm hands,which may be a frolic to the latter!but quite contrary to the former.Powders in Bananas.If you have difficulty in giving children powders, cut a banana down themiddle, scoop out some of the pulp,and put the powder In; place togetheragain, and the taste is hardly ever noticeable.TO PREVENT CRACKED HEELSTrouble May Be Avoided if Manure isNot Allowed to Accumulate andUrine Is Drained.(By DR. H. PRESTON KOSKINS, University Farm, St. Paul.)Scratches, also called cracked heelsor mud fever, can. be prevented bycareful stable management. Casesare rarely met with in well keptbarns, but are often seen in dirty,poorly drained stables. Dryness andcleanliness of the floor of the stallare the two most important factorsin the prevention of scratches.Horses should not be allowed tostand in piles of manure and decomposing urine. These irritate and inflame the skin in the fold .of the anklejust below the fetlock. The skin thenbecomes thickened, due to the inflammation and breaks or cracks in it appear and if allowed to go untreatedthe condition grows gradually worse.The affected area grows larger, thecracks become deeper and the animalis in an unsightly and painful condition. Owners of horses can prevent thetrouble in the majority of cases bydoing two things. Do not allow manure to accumulate behind your horses,and see that your stalls are so constructed that the urine will drainaway promptly. If your horses showany tendency toward the condition apply a small amount of carbolized vaseline, benzoinated lard or zinc oxideointment, well rubbed into the affected parts. These remedies willsoften the skin and protect it fromexternal moisture and irritating substances. During wet weather or whenthe roads and streets are muddy orslushy, extra precaution should betaken to prevent the condition. Donot wash cracked heels, as water andrubbing only aggravate the condition.BENEFICIAL EFFECT OF LIMESubstance Improves Sandy Soils byMaking Them More Compact andRetentive of Moisture.(By B. H. HITB.)Nothing in agricultural science orpractice may be mentioned with moreassurance than the beneficial effect oflime on easily puddled stiff clay soils.This is so -nearly a matter of commonknowledge, the wonder is that anyonewill worry along wih such soils yearafter year, and even from one generation to another, while the possible increase in yield in a single year willoften pay for the necessary lime.Lime may improve loose sandy soilsby making them more compact andmore retentive of moisture. For thispurpose some form of carbonate oflime is. usually recommended, and inmuch smaller quantities than for claysoils. Clay soils will stand more limefates' &V v "V JZ3m&m&! h3&&2ffifo":&Manure Spreader With Lime Hood.and, for almost every purpose, requiremore lime than sandy soils. The improvement of sandy soils will often bemuch greater if the lime is applied toa green crop turned under. Limehastens the conversion of the vegetable matter into humus, and this withthe lime helps to fill the open spacesbetween the sand grains. It is claimedby those who have given much attention to light sandy soils that there areno other types of soils that will respond quite so readily to liming, provided the necessary vegetable matteris supplied.LIME REQUIRED FOR ONIONSSoil Is Made Looser and ThereforeMore Productive Success Attributed to Substance.Much of my success in growing bigonions, many specimens weighing apound and a half apiece, I attribute toa free application of lime to the landin spring, says the Farm and Fireside. Likewise, I believe that similarapplications, just before sowing theseed of the Portugal onion early inAugust have helped me to get a remarkably fine stand and growth.I have used manures right along,year after year. The land is rich. Thefine and almost spontaneous growthof clover on any patch that is leftto itself for a while would hardly showthat there is any need of lime. Yet,owning perhaps to faulty drainage, theland often turns up rather soggy, withclose texture. Lime seems to makeit closer, and therefore more productive. Fighting Stock Lice.When treating cattle or other domestic animals for lice, bear in mindthat it is just as necessary to cleanup and disinfect the stables, as totreat the affected animals.For lice on cattle, advises Dr. Reynolds, dust Persian insect powderover the backs and rumps; or brushthe necks and backs daily; using alittle kerosene on a stiff brush notenough kerosene to wet the hair or injure the skin.Transplanting to Open.Harden off all plants before settingfrom the house or hotbed to the openground This is done by gradually reducing the amount of water, and giving more air. It causes the plant topartly ripen up its wood, and it isthus better able to stand the changeto climatic conditions outside Plantsproperly "hardened oft" have a dullpurplish color and firnrwood..rk"BLOOD IS THICKER THAN WATER"Without good red blood a man has a weak heart and poor 'nerves. Tfanness ofIhe blood? or anaemia, is common in young folks as well as old. Especially is itthe cSe with thosT who ivorfc in illy ventilated factones-or those who are shutvp indoors in winter time with a coal stove burning up the yfi'L5m,,",l"gcarbon.c (oxide) gas. This blood, or blood which lacksthered blood corpusclesin anaemic people may have been caused by lack of good fresh air breathed intolungs, cr bv poor digestion or dyspepsia. Sometimes people suffer intenserain over the heart which is not heart disease at all, bu caused by inf'gest on.Whatever the cause, there's just one remedy that you can turn to Knowingthat it has given satisfaction for over 40 years.nTi PTPCE'SflOLPgfl MEDICAL DISCOVERYi3 a blood cleancci and alterative that starts thcilcr.and stomach into vigorcosEcticn. It thus asbistb the body to manufacture'rich red blood which feeds tlieheart nerve brain and organs of the body. The organs work smoothly likeir.achinery running in oil. You feel clean, strongnd strenuous instead of tired,v.eikar.df-int Nowadays you can obtain Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery Tablets, as we'l as the Lquid form from all medicine dealers, or tabletsby mail, prepaid in $1 or 50c sire. Adrcss R. V. Pierce, M. D., Buffalo, N. Y.CR. PIERCE'S GREAT 10C8 PA63 ILLUSTRATED COMMON SE3SB MEDICALADVISER WILL BE SENT TREE. CLOTH BOUND FOR 31 ONE-CENT STAMPS.SSsesU Need itBusiness"S .FOR SALE BYDodson & DentonGfeSQsSSliXgfisSssQg tstg)ASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland Telephone works forhim. He will reply:1. Sells My Products 4. Protects the Home2. Gets Best Prices 5. Helps the Housewife3. Brings Supplies 6. Increases Profits7. Pays For Itself Over and Over jSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet.For information, call manager.CumberlandiTelephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated.Twin Bi. Depanmeni stoieCorner Seventh and Main Sts.Make Yourself Look Pretty inOur StylishLADIES', MISSES'S AND CHILDREN'SSPRING MILLINERYLadies' and Misses' Suits, Dresses,Skirts, Waists, Oxfords.See Our Great Display of Novelties in Silks, Dress Goods,Drygoods, Laces, Etc.Pictoral Patterns Buster Brown Hosiery W. B. Corsets "TWIN BROS.' DEPARTMENT STORE.Roofs put on twenty-six years ago are as good as new to-day, andhave never needed repairs. What is the result? Why practicallyevery other shingle manufacturer is trying to imitate it, so be not deceivedlook for the words "Cortright Reg. U. S. Pat. Off." embowed on thecorrugation. It fe put there for your protection. Accept no substitute.For Sale byBest & Hawkins, Millersbur?, Ky.m&sss&e))in Your&Designed and Patentedin 1887''-Ofe..aThs StandardEver Sinceiji"irVtfv V O.xx&t'""afJLFij jJt3r....?wr . jjjifcrfVj -Oi.;FA.W ""Mo."gW-NiMiw!aiuiwijic:iilirf'Mi'fTHE BOURBON , NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 18; 1913.ftv-JrpjF'Kil1-4IT$"ftWalk into any clothes shop in townand ask forlaituO)II IilrOothesTRADEcii, ci.MARKfor younger menYOUR dealer knows they are the most noteworthy clothes for younger men.He will be mighty glad to arrange with us to show you models and fabrics.Next season he'll probably be our agent. The only reason he isn't sellingour clothes right now is that on account of limited manufacturing facilities, wehaven't been in a position to supply him. ' However, our new factory in FashionPark has removed all barriers.A Gettysburg "Hero" Booklet and Fashion Review mailed on requestROSENBERG BROS. & CO.Fashion Park, Rochester, N.Y.t&Pittsburgh Perfect" FenceWhy the Electric Weld is theMost Effective Fence-Joint madeElectrically welding joints eliminatesinnumerable exposed wire ends, anddoes away with sharply and tightlybending one wire against another, whichcracks the galvanizing. The ElectricWeld makes every ounce of wire countFor strength and durability no wastedwire, no useless weight dragging downthe fence. Electricity is the only mediumwhich truly amalgamates metals makestwo wires one. As we use it, the galvanizing is piled around the joints, producing a one-piece fabric with absolutelydependable joints. Electrically Weldedfence-joints (patented) are used only in"Pittsburgh Perfect."Made in Different Styles' for HELD, FARM, RANCH, LAWN. K ,--.. DJ r.- . JCHICKEN, POULTRY and RABBIT YARD and GARDEN lVery IV OQ IjUarailteeCIAsk your dealer for "Pittsburgh Perfect" and insist on his furnishing it. Do not allow him to persuadeyou that-some other fence is just as good. If he doesn't sell it, write us direct."Pittsburgh Perfect" Brands of Barbed Wire;Bright, Annealed & Galvanized Wire; TwistedCable Wire; Hard Spring Coil Wire; FenceStaples; Poultry Netting Staples; Regular WireNails ; Galvanized Wire Nails; LargeHeadRoofing Nails; Single Loop Bale Ties; "Pittsburgh Perfect" Fencing. All made of OpenHearth material.Bi.mhvm&s&MmIf you are interested in Wire Fencing, writefor FREE copy of our ALMANAC, 1913Pittsburgh Steel Co.Pittsburgh, PennsylvaniaQ, 4 C. Trains Now RunSchedule Time.onMr. T. C. Powell, Virs President ofthe Queen & Crescent and SouthernRailway, has advised his local representatives that the Queen and CrescentRoute was running all passengertrains between Cincinnati and theSouth on regular schedule and allfreight and express traffic, both car2load lots and less, between Cincinnatiproper and the South, without delayor confusion. Mr. Powell also saidthat between Louisville and the Souththere neyer has been any interruption.to traffic by the Q. & C. and that allthrough traffic via Louisville is nowbeing handled.tPains in the Stomach.If you continually complain of painsin the stomach, your liver or yourkidneys are out ot order. Neglect mayJead to dropsy, kidney trouble, diabetes or Bright's disease. Thousandsrecommend Electric Bitters as thevery best stomach and kidnev medicine made. H. T. Alston, of Raleigh,IT. C, who suffered with pain in thegfcomach and back writes: "My kidneys were deranged and my liver didnot work right. I suffered much, butElectric Bitters were recommendedand I improved from the first dose.I now feel like a new man.'' It willimprove von too. Only &0r and SI.Recommended by Oberdorfer.Coughs and Consumption.Coughs and colds, when neglected,always lead to serious trouble of thelungs. The wisest things to do whenyou have a cold that troubles you isto get a bottle of Dr. King's New Discovery. You will get relief from thefirst dose, and finally the cough willdisappear. O. H. Brown, of Muscadine, Ala., writes: "My wife wasdown in bed with an obstinate cough,and I honestly believe bad it not beenfor Dr. King's New Discovery shewould not be living today." Knownfor forty-three years as the best remedy for coughs and colds. Price 50cand SI. Recommended by Oberdor-fer's.ASPARAGUS IS HARDYSelect Spot Where Plant Can Remain Permanently.Land Should Be Deep, Rich, Fertile,Moist and Cool, With Warm Exposure Plant In. Rows theSame as Corn, Etc.One of the best and easiest grownof our garden perennials is the asparagus plant, says Green's FruitGrower. It can be started either fromseed or from plants. If one wishes toraise plants to sell, plant the seed,but if asparagus is wanted for homeor market use it is better to set outyearling seedlings.It is important in laying "out the asparagus plantation to select a placewhere it can remain permanently forif taken proper care of the plantationwill last for twenty years. The oldIdea was the asparagus "bed." Thenew is to plant in xows the same ascorn, etc., so that for the market garden the cultivation can be doae byhorse. The land selected should be adeep, rich, fertile, moist and cool soil,having a warm exposure, a gradualsouthern slope being preferred. Ifthe land is originally hard and coarse.Ilk imnl Mr IIP IIrllJ'll llrllllllkllill 111 ilfl llfls 1One of the Best Bunches.it should be worked a year or two inadvance by the raising of some thoroughly tilled crop, using as much manure as possible in the process. Late,deep, fall plowing is preferable, turning under a thick covering of wellrotted manure. In the spring, whenthe frost is out of the ground, plowfurrows from six to ten inches deepand four feet apart. If the soil isnot of the best quality two or threeinches of well-rotted manure shouldbe placed in the bottom of each trenchand on this add a couple of inches ofloose soil. Then place the plants inthe trench three or four feet apart.Cover with three inches of earth, itnot being well to cover deeper, as ittakes too long for the young shoots topush their way through. As the shootsgrow the rest of the earth can be filledIn around them by after cultivation.When filled in, the crowns of theplants should be about six inches below the surface of the ground, for ifplanted much less the roots will pushup .to the surface and interfere withthe cultivation.Er-Yes, He Had."Pardon me, Mr. Peever," said the'chance acquaintance as the -two helped hold up the cafe bar, "but haveyou ever had a serious accident?'"Well," replied Mr. Peever, "I met mywife by accident!"Flowers on Wrong Grave.After periodical pilgrimages extending over 15 years to the cemeteryat Beeston, J4 Daniels of Nottinghamwas informed by the local urban council, under whose control it is, .thatduring all this time he has beenvisiting and placing flowers on thewrong grave. The blunder, they said,was due to a former sexton gettingthe numbers of the graves mixed inentering them in his book. LondonChronicle.Expert Barber.Mr. Carl Crawford, a barber of 30years' experience, invites the publicto his new shop at the Windsor Hotel.Two chairs. Prompt service. Children's work a specialtv. Razors honedsatisfactorily. tfDon't besurpaised if you have anan attack of rheumatism this spring.Just rub the affected parts freely withChamberlain's Liniment and it willsoon disappear. For sale by all dealers."Onto'" and "Aren't 1?". The word "onto" is defended bythe New York Times, and the phase"Aren't I?" by the Evening Post. Truly, Henry J. Raymond and WilliamCullen Bryant have been dead a longtime."My little son had a very severe coldI was recommended to try Chamberlain's Cough Remedy, and before asmall bottle was finished he was aswell as ever," writes Mrs. H. Silks,-29 Dowling street, Sidney, AustraliaThis remedy is for sale by all dealers.Real Surprise Ahead."What are you doing, Polly?" askedher mother. "I'm knitting, Mumiedear," replied the young woman. "Iheard George say the 'other day hewas afraid he'd have to buy a newmuffler for Ills car, and I thought I'dknit him one as a sort of surprise."Harper's Weekly.You will look a good while beforeyou find a better medicine for coughsand colds than Chamberlain's CoughRemedy. It not only gives relief itcures. Try it when you have a coughor cold and you are certain to bepleased with the prompt cure whichit will effect. For sale by all dealers.The SanitaryShop!With all the latest devicesinstalled in my shop to makeit absolutely sanitary andclean, including a PatentTowel Sterlizer, IndividualCups, Soap, etc., believe wehave the most modern shopin Paris. We have just installed a new Porcelain Tuband an up-to-date Bathroom.Hot water at all times. ThreeBarbers, all experts. Wewould like to have yourtrade. I take this method ofsoliciting it. Is there a reason why we should not receive it? Respectfully,Russ Corbin.Drive Sick Htadtches Away.Sick headaches, sour,gasy stomachindigestion, biliousness disappearquickly after you take Dr King's NewPills. They purify the blood and putnew life and vigor in the system. Trythem and you will be well satisfied.Every pill helps; every - box guaranteed, Price 25c. Recommended byOberdorfer.Way Out.Knicker "A judge has ruled that awoman shouldn't spend more onclothes than on rent." Mrs. Knicker"Well, then, we shall have to pay abigger rent." New York Sun.First Umbrella in America.The first umbrella seen in Americawas the property of a Baltimore man,who made his first appearance in public carrying the article March 5, 1770.The contrivance excited much comment and ridicule, and for years theuse of the umbrella as a protectionagainst rain was considered effeminate.Exempted from Taxation.For reasons of public policy the lawexempts from taxation churches andchurch property, cemeteries, schooland college property, buildings usedfor educational, literary, scientific orcharitable purposes and property owned by a city, county, state or theUnited States.In the Telephone Book.Dear Old Lady (using call-office telephone for the first time, to operator atthe exchange) "And as you've beenso nice and attentive, my dear, I'mputting an extra penny in the box foryourself." Punch.If Yoh Want to Pat fritterWorks in Yonr HouseOr Barn, or Bathroom Fixtures orFuruace, or Tin, Shingles or MetaLRoofing, and all kinds of Tin WorkrGuttering, Pipss, Filters, Water Tanks,Dipping Tanks, Sewerage Pipe and.Clay Flues. Concrete Work a Specialty. Give us a call.We also handle the American FieldWite Fencing, and the best line ofCook Stoves. Oil Stoves and Heateron the market, and all kinds of Hardware, Farming Tools, Grates an&Mantels, Screen Doors, Poultry Supplies, Harness of all kinds, the W. J.uuver jfiow, tne best Plow on tfiamarket. Horse Clipoers, CementLime, Paint and Oils. "We buv the very best goods obtainable, and our prices are right.BEST & HAWKINS,4mar3mo Millersburg, Kv..4 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDepositsYour DepositsAre Guaranteed'YOU TAKE NO KISKSIf You Arc InterestedWrite UsUNION STATE BANEMuskogee, OklahomaCapital JM 00,000Fully PaidrOxyTonicThe Great Blood PurifierDon't wait, for Spring has come, so begin to buildup your system now by cleansing your blood withOXY-TONIC, the Great Germ Destroyerxand BloodPurifier. For all diseases of the blood, and as aTONIC there is but one OXY-TONIC.Germs cause disease, OXY-TONIC destroysthe germs.Call and get a free booklet atW. T. Brooks' Drug Store.waSpecial Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther NoticeWe pay 12 l-2c for greenbeef .hides. Call us upor bring it. to our place.MAX MLNICK,8th Street,Call East Tenn.PARIF, KYPhone 374NFWAMBEROPSWindsor Hotel.!Modern EquipmentPolite'Service.Yl.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARIJ CRAWFORDProfessional CardsJ j. tvhjIjTams,ATTORNEY-AT-L AW .itoom 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones J g- L( xj-umc J.uu.ResidenceE. T. 384.Home 334.DR. A. H KELIiEK,Pkaoticing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gPariB - - KentuckyCurtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite AttentionHot and Cold Baths at AllHoursNo Long Waits.AShare of the Public Patronage Solicited.K. , ' fcKentucky Traction and1Terminal Co.INTERURBAN SCHEDULELve. Lexington Lve. Parisfor Paris For Lexington.x6.0O a m fi.45 a m7.20 am x7.30 a mx8.00 a m 8.15 a m8.50 am x9.00 a m.10.20 am 9.45 am11.50 a m 11.15 a m120pm 12.45 p m2.50 p m 3.15 p m3.30 p m 3.45 p m4.20 p m 4.30 p m5.00 p m 5.15 p mS.OOp m G.00 pm?.20 p m 6.45 p m9.10 pm x 8.15 pm11.00 pm 10.05 pmx Daily Except Sunday.y i fr.?Special RatesLow Roun9TriplHomeseek-ers TicketsTo points in Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi, Arizona, ArkansasMissouri, New Mexico, Oklahoma,.Texas and Kansas on sale first andthirdJTuesday of each month, returnlimit 25 days from date of sale.Round trip Winter Tourist iickets toall principal winter resorts in theSouth on sale Oct. 15th to April 30th,1913, final return limit May 3lst, 1913.For further information, appty- to4W. H. HARRIS, Agent,2reH"ftj.,k.-smith,;t.a;;v2& .. It i ,"i',.j.MBMMgC9!fMkii.tti fr jfJI i1Itilli13'8Tmmmmmmmm9mmmiw W3rv -- s- 1L -- yDUJUia JL2)JWLctLy JL1JUL&Values are O fered atWolf, Wile frCo.'sINWomen's NewAt $15Charmeuse Crepe MeteorSilk Poplin and EpongeDresses,A splendid selection of thenewest "draped skirt models'at popular prices. Colors,navy, black, Neil-Rose, tan,copen, mahogany, wisteria,King's blue and brown.These dresses are speciallypriced at $15.00, they havethe materials, style andgeneral appearnce of muchhigher priced garments.At $30, $32.50 & $35Exclusive models; only oneof a kind in silk crepes, crepede chenes, French charmeuse and finest silk poplins.Gowns suitable for afternoon and street wear; someare finished with the latestgypsy sash effects and Bulgarian trimmings. The materials used in these dressesare the most wanted of theseason and best adapted forclinging Styles now in vogueWolfe Wile & Co.,Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.LEXINGTON,LkBi lit: is r ih.ifi i- SolvedII When you buy a Goodyear Tire. we guarantee it. If it does notI run the guaranteed miles wegive you adjustments on them.I We Make the adjustments onI your word. There is no delayttto 54"i viIm m ,rm a h v t lfbrvkninTthe day you bring the old oneback. Goodyear Tires are 10I per cent over size. We carryI all Rizfis in atonicGOODYEAR TIRES AREBEST BY TESTYerkes & Prichard.,Paris, Kentuckyk,- rf - f T - -r- JL -rf - vSilk DressesAt $20Party Dresses of Chiffon andCharmeuse. "'Three of the prettiest models we have ever shown atthis price. Dancing dressesof finest chiffon, cut mediumlow neck and short sleevesin pink, blue, yellow andwhite. Party dresses ofcharmeuse, low neck andshort sleeves, draped skirt,finished with large pearlmedallion, giving the garment a very rich effect.At $8.50Dresses of silk foulard andmessaline in polka dot andneat figure effects. Colors,navy blue, brown, copen,tan and black: also included in this lot are somesolid white and black Japsilk dresses.KENTUCKYJmwmmmmm'jfirr itac 4-Ah h h b h h . h mwa oriTTA irrmThrow Out The Line!Give the Kidneys Help and ManyParis People Will Be Happier.--"Throw Out the Life Line"Weak kidneys need help.They're often overworkeddon't getthe blood filtered out of,the blood.Wili you help them?Doan's Kideny Pills have broughtbenefit.to thouands of kidney sufferers. Read this Lexington case :D. M. Farley, merchant, 474 ChairAve., Lexington, Ky., says: "I haddull, dragging pains in Jrnv Jback. Theaction of ray kindeys was irregular, especially at night. Finally, II usedDoan's Kidney Pills, and before longthey put a stop to all these troubles.My kidneys became normal and thepains and aches left. Ihe endorsement gave Doan's Kidney Pills inJanuary, 1912, still holds good. I canonly repeat that they are a fine kidneymedicine."For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster Milburn. Co., Buffalo,New'Yark, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the name Doan's andtake no other.Ships Cattle Here.Mr. VV. J. HarrisT who recentlyconducted a sale of cows in this city,received a car of stock cattle fromManassa, Va., Monday night. Mr.Harris will place the cattle on the market here.Notice to the Public.Just a casual glance at the stable,back yards, etc.. indicate the immediate necessity of a general clean up.We are not going torun these noticesduring the entire year. Do what youknow to be right and there will be notrouble,. otherwisa well youare taking the chance. .A. H. KELLER,tf City Health Officer.The Wise Teacher KnowsThe Kentucky Eucational Association has sent out the following:"The wise teacher knowa that hisprofessional standing is essential tothe realization of his personal ambition as well as his success in helpingothers. What benehts-the whole educational movevment, benefits the individuals engaged in it what hindersthe movement, 'hurts (the individual.Concerted action, in which every partsupplements the others in achievinga given end, gets results with the leastfriction and greatest ease ; concertedaction is possible only by the 'adoptionof a definite program and a thoroughunderstanding; neither is possiblewithout conference: the KentuckyEducational Association, which convenes at Louisville April 30, affordsthe only opportunity for all the teachers of the State to meet and confer.How can a teacher of professionalconsciousness and ambition, interested in the advancement of educationand sensible of its needs, withhold hiscounsel or reject the inuflence and advice of the K. E. A.?nrwv ts -PwArnhtlh h a n h m m h ma. ri atx? rm a 1J.Tells of Experience in DaytonFlood. .Mr. Russell FDoty, ,son of Mr. landMrs. (James Doty, of this citv.iwhowas in Dayton,,0., during the flood inwriting to his parents in this city,tells in iiarrowing detail his experiences when that city was swept by thewater. Mr. Doty recounts his experience from the time the water began torush into the city, until he was able toreturn to his home, and tells of thesuffering he and his companions fromcold and hunger.-He with a number of companionswas marooned on the housetops forthree days, withcandy to sustaindrinking water,forced to remainnothing but stickthem and fcwitticutHere they wereuntil the recedingthem to leave thewaters permittedbuildings.His letter is as follows:Dayton, O., April 10.Dear Mother, Father and.AU:I recknn you thought you wouldnever hear from me again, but I havebeen so busy in the day time. Atnight the gas is out and I am lso tiredand worn nut. We are crettincr on ourfeet again and at present everything is'going along hne. I have gone throughwith a lo in the last few day.No doubt you.will be interested fin alittle description of the flood and ofmy own experiences during that exciting time. Rain hadfbeen falling (for aday or so and on Mod ay, March 24, theriver reached a high stage. Tfiatnight a large building collapsed and onTuesday Imorning about 6:30 o'clockwhistles sounded a warning of the lmE ending danger, .Aunt Mattie calledus at this time and in company withWillliam, I went up to look at theriver and then went to the store whereI succeededjn getting a large portionof the stock of winter hats to the thirdfloor. Had been in he .store one halfhour when the river broke, and waterrushed down all ihe streets. Peoplewre running like mad to escape theonrushing water. I was then standing in water up to my waist and was ,compelled to go to one of the upperstories.Here we looked out and all we couldsee was water and houses. Windowswere crumbled by the swift watersand horses in great numbers drownedin the streets. The sight was something awful.People sought the housetops to escape the Hoods and from our positionwe could see houses floating down.This was about 8:30 lin the morning.Noon came and then evening. Wewere still marooned in the building.It must have been 7 :30 o'clock whenwe saw a fire in the south pait of thecity. It illuminated the whole city,which seemed doomed to either fire orwater. We tried to sleep but therewas no sleepjfor any of .us. 1 thoughtdaylight would never come and whena building across the street collapsedwe thought the building in which wewere marooned, would soon suffer thesame fatp. Expecting every minute tomeet the same fate of so many others,we calmlv awaited the result. We hadnothing to eat all day.and tbcpangs ofhunger and thirst increased our suffering. After waiting what seemed anage daylight came, some men cameand took me out of the building. Wetraveled from roof to roof and finallysecured a quantity of stick candy.This waB all the food we had.. Wecould see from the roots people inKiverdale hattling with the flood,men, women and children were engagedin the struggle.Wedneedav morning three morebuildings collapsed and fire destroying"three blocks, added to the horror. Westood on the roof of a building allnight. The wind was blowing 'anddriving cold rain or sleet upon thesufferers. The hardship and agony endured this night : are indescribable. Istood with others watching the firewhich was rapidly eating its way toward us and fully expected every moment for the building to catch fire.As a final effort to save our Jives wesecured a lot of rope, tied it about ourbodies and prepared to jump into thewater and swim the distance of fourblocks that had been burned. Twolarge whisky houses and two paintfactories went up in smoke that night.Thegmorning found us still safe, butnumbed with cold and weak fromhunger. We consoled ourselves withthe thought that there;were others inthe same condition.By this time we were able to getout on the street in front of our place,but the waters had receded no farther.When my feet touched the street forthe first time in three days, I thankedGod for my safe delivery and breatheda prayer for those who were less fortunate.At this time all those who werephysically able were sworn in . asspecial police. IJwas forced to takethe oath and placed on duty. We weretold when we were able to see theThird street car tracks we could gohome. I was o duty all of Thursdaynight and Friday morning when I waspermitted 10 go. When I reachedhome I found the waterjdid not reachthelhouse. Afterf'I had been accountedfor, Aunt Hattie sent the telegram. Iwas glad to see all safe and well.The sights revealed by fthe irecedincwaters were beyond description. It isimpossible for me to describe my experience, thefhours of suspense, thehunger. and suffering from the coldIt will take Daytpnyears to 'recoverand when she does she will be practically a new city. Without light andgas people are greatly inconvenienced.but the work of reconstructiongues auietlv on. Will close for thistime. Regards to all.RUSSELL.Spring OpeningNew Icebreg Refrigerator.A.P . WHEELER & CO ,tf Opp. Court House, Paris.RELIGIOUS.Beginning the first Sunday in Maya series of meetings will be held atthe Christian church each night, onducted by the home forces. Themeeting will continue over the following Sunday and nerhap s longer. Everyone is cordially invited to attend.St. Peter's Episcopal Church, Rev.Geo. H. Harris, rector. Sundayschool 9:30 a. m. Morning praver andsermon 1Q:45 a. m. A cordial invitation is extended to the public to attendthe services of this church."HON. RUFUS HADDEN,Mr. Hadden Replies to" Mr. Clay, man, and mean what you said, the pub-, lie has a right to infer th?t you votecsMt. Sterling, Ky., Aptil 17, 1913. ; against them, in marking your bailor.Hon. J. W. Clay, City. ; in secret. In exercising vour right asMy Dear Sir .---Replying to your a voter to vote against these Demoproposition of the 11th instant. In a jcrata. who were party nominees, and."nut shell," it is to cut out the Demo- thereby help to defeat or disrupt thecratic voters of Bourbon and ClarkUAl! a. A n L? miMhin i--l ff lnvNfrom participating in the primary toselect their nomir.ee for Senator inthis district. This is the first timethat I have heard of your favoring aCUT OUT proposition.You doubtless know the recent Primary Law requires all such nominations now to be .made by the electorsof the whole district and that no othermethod would be legal, nor is it fair.It is contrary to the Statutes; it iscontrary to the im-msmonal usages inthis Senatorial District; it is contraryto Democratic principle the rule ofthe people by majorities.You propose to substitute for themajority of all the Democratic votersof the district a majority of those ofthe smallest county in the district.You propose by a dicker to get whatyou eventually fear a "majority ofthe Democrats" of the district wouldrefuse you.The impression that you evidentlymean to create by your note, is thatyou are more popular among the Democrats of Montgomery, here we bothlive, than I. You are likely to havepyour eyes opened to the truth ot thatmatter in August, but why should yoube more popular among the Democratsof Montgomery? Is it because youarea better Democrat than I? All of "mylife I have believed in the teachingsof that party, and have loyally supported its nominees, without an exception. You opposed Mr. Bryan for President. Mr. Goebel ior Governor, andJudge Cooper for Circuit Judge, nftereach of them had been legally nomi-nated by the party ; you opposed themin your taiK upon tne streets, and inyour advice. If you are a consistentFiscal Court Orders FranchiseSold.The Bourbon Fiscal Court in as-pecial session Wednesday acted uponthe request for a franchise to extendpipe lines for natural gas along thecounty roads, aDd by a unanimous voteordered the franchise be sold.Col. Tom Stuart, representing theCentral Kentucky Natural Gas Co.,presented the franchise to the courtseveral weeks ago, but forsevaral reasons, the principal ones being, thefranchise did not specify on which ofthe county roads the line would extendand that it granted an exclusive right.These matters were brought to tnenotice of the officials of the company,who meeting the court half-way, intheir endeavors to get the measurethrough, acceded to the request in thelatter case and agreed to furnish bondto coever the extent of damages thatmight occasionto the road in layingthe lines.The members of the court showed adisposition at the last meeting togrant the franchise, ibut upon adviceof County Attorney George Battertonit was delayed until he could look intothe legal phases. Tuesday he notifiedCol. Stuart at Wnichester that thecourt was willing ,to grant the franchise upon this ground, and, the latterwas before the court at the meetingYvednesday to perfect agreement.From the fact that the portion ofthe franchise regulating the rates tobe charged had been threshed outwhen a similar franchise was presented to the City Council, County AttornesiBatterton did not think it necessary to go into this detail, respiting inthe court ordering the franchise sold.The Central Kentucky Natural GasCo. recently purchased a franchiuefrom the city, and it is expected thecommittee appointed by the court willtake immediate action in advertisingfor bids upon the franchise. Theabove company will probably be theonly bidder.With matters finally settled by theFiscal Court, it will only be a matterof a few months until work upon theconstruction of the pipe lines fromWinchester to this city will begin andwill be pushed to an early completion.Col. Stuart is of the opinion that workwill begin upon the line within sixtydays after the company comes intopossession of the franchise, and it willbe pushed to an early completion. Itis said that barring any delays in theshipment of pipes to be used in themains, the entire line will be completed and natural" gas turneJ into'.Paris by fall.Candidate for State Senntor.f f 1 1 Tt ..!- .. 1 .! tOld Party, you do not by such a courserearn the title of "Democrat. Onewho bolts in party nomination, consorts,with, and hires his services to "Th&Tobacco Trusts," does not become aDemocrat, and I doubt if he can be.A primary confined to one county,,and that a small one, would allow anybig moneyed interest, which wanted udefeat a plain, blunt old farmer, likemyself, who is a man of only moderate means, to mass their money and influence with a better chance to defeatthe unbought vote. The course of suchconcerns, always is to get away fromthe people, and to deal around themajority. if possible.One of these things we are trying todo in this State is to brake up justsuch practices and opportunities asyour proposal admits of. It was forthat purpose that the last Democratic:legislature enacted thy compulsoryprimary law. That law was a partymeasure, promispd in the platform,and demanded by public sentiment. Ibelieve in it heartily, and I will not.be a party to depriv;rg"?even thousanaj.Democrats of this dhtrist of the benefit of that statute.1 propose to .beat you in the wholedistrict, and in every county in it, because 1 am a better Democrat thanyou, by whatever standard we may bemeasured ; because I stand for different things tnan what you stand for;because when elected I will have myheart set on serving a different and-more numerous constituency than you 'coniilH hopmiqp) tonnlri ronrpqpnh rho! people against the trusts, in lesisla-. ..WU.., ..V.UU. .,WW.. ... 'WW.. ...Wition, and because you wouldn't.Yours very truly.RUFUS HADDEN.Notice to Dairymen.It is the order of the City Board ofHealth, that owners of cows, who are?furnishing milk to the trade, musthave their herds examined, according:to the State law and apply to the Secretary of the Board for a certificate,licensing the sale of their products.The law is strict in this matter. Comply and save trouble.A. H.KELLER,Citv Health Officer.Ban on Fox Hunting.Some of the Nicholas county farmersare putting fox hunting under the ban.Some notices are-tieing published thatno fox hunting on their farms Will beallowed.Removal Notice.Owners of hogs and pigs arequested by the Board of Healthhave them removed from the cityre-teatonce. Don"t move those animalsfrom pen to pen, or cellar to cellar,but take them out of town. This,means you, if you are the owner offsuch property. All look alike to thisBoard.A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.uyisEasily Overcome,Tona Vita Builds Up Rundown:People Very Quickly.i r i iiiNervous ueonIf jou have a miserable, worn-outfeeling from morning till night: ifyour food does not nourish you properly ; if you have little amhition andtire verv easily, you are debilitatedand run down, and need something tobuild you up.This Tona Vita will do in a fewweeks' time. It is a remarkable medicine and is pronounced by phvsiciansthe best tonic now being sold to thepublic. Give this great tonic a trial. ,No matter how badly you are run downyou will notice an improvement atonce. In a few weeks you will feel asthough you had been made over.It' you have lost fleah get on thescales after takine Tona Vita a weekand see how your weight has increased.Tona Vita is sold by Chas. E. Bufler & Co. . . . V vv4,-h,5f,."v-f"" ! ' "" ' ' "x mmmHmff HE BOURBON NEWS.rk.VfteAALWAYS HAS THE DESTOr EVERYTHINGH EADQUARTERS.The most up-to-datestock of Wall Paperever stiownf in Paris.Save you money.J.T. HINTON.Woodland Goodies.P Try Miss Holladay's HomeWoodland Goodies.MadetfAppointed Guardian.In the County Court WednesdayJudge Denis Dundon appointed Tabitha Simpson guardian of CarrieJackson..Suits and Furnishing GoodsBlue Serge and T Gray Norfolks toryoung men, and men's clothing andlurnishings at15-2t HIGGINS & FLANAGAN'S.Buys Winchester Bank Stock.J. M. Evans", of Bourbon county,purchased this week from J. M.Evj-.ns, of Winchester, ten shares cfstf ;k of the People's Bank of Wincheater, at $137.50 per share.Eggs Wanted. -Highest cash or trade price paid fortgS. Bring us all you have.LOGAN HOWARDPheasant Raising.W. Hord Tipton, ot Mt. Sterling,has received a pair of fine GoldenChinese pheasants from Wisconsin, andalso has an order p aced for a pair ufsilver ones'. Mr. Tipton will "experiment with the raising of pheasantp,and may embark in the industry.Woodland Goodies.Try Miss Holladay's HomeWoodland Goodies.MadetfMoves to Bourbon.Mr. W. C. Ferguson, of JScott, hasrented the Ashbrook farm, 'near thiscity, and has moved to it with his,family. Mr. Ferguson rceently soldhis farm in Scott county, and wentSouth on a prospecting trip, with aview of locating, nut decided to makehis home in this county.Best Shirts and Collars.We have the swellest line of newshirts ever brought to Paris. Wehandle the celebrated Eclipse Shirts,the latest patterns. Also Arrow Shirtsand collars. Collars in 1-4 sizes.4 l-2t HIGGINS & FLANAGAN.Auto Collides With Bicycle."Happy" Taylor, messenger boy forthe Western Union fTelegraph Co.,while rid ng a bicycle, on Main streetTuesday afternoon, collided with , theautomobilelof Mr. C. S. J Ball, of nenrParis. "The automobile struck the rearwheel of the bicycle, demolishing it !and throwinyg the rider to the ground.The boy was uninjured.Norfolks o the Better Kindfor the young fellows. We are showing 15 different models. $15 to S25.' J. W. DAVIS &CO.Seed Sweet Potatoes.Strausburg, Red Bermuda and Southern Queen.C. P. COOK & CO.Barnett AppointepVFire Chief.ntepFifetTx .!,;Uharles Harnettr or tnis city, wasTuesday appointed Acting Chief of thePari3 Fire Department, filling the position temporarily until a successor toHenry McGinley, who resigned, can beyjrNnamed by the council. Mr. Barnett r4ance A -g0od p,?raX iiS??"a well known and popular gentleman,experienced in the care and handlingof "horses and should make a capablehead of the department.Big Combination Sale.Oldham's 49th Combination Sale of20 pieces of Lexington, Ky., city property, including investment, home andvacant lots takes place on Tuesday afternoon, April 22. Carriages and automobiles sufficient to carry all prospective purchasers will leave Old-'nam's. office, 108 West Main street, at1 :3n n. m. s.harp. Everybody fromBourbon county invited.C. K. OLDHAM,It Agent and Auctioneer.Fireman Injured By Fall.As a result of a fall from his fengineat Richmond earlv Tuesday morning,A. T. Padgett, of this city, was pain-- fully hurt. Padgett is a fireman onthe L. and N. railroad, and in someway lost hi balanend fell from hisengine, sustaining' a badly sprainedback, besides other bruises about thedy. He was brought to Paris andtaken to his home on Hendersonstreet, where he is doing as well ascould oe exnected.If you wanta becoming hat you'll have to be coming to us for it.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Col. Clay Sells Breakwater.Breakwater, the last thoroughbredowned by Colonel E. F. Clay, wassold Tuesday to John Sanford, of NewYork, for S3.500. Breakwater wasone of the most highly prized maresever owned by (Zolonel Clay, and isthe dam of several good ones, including RunnirglMater and CbristmaStar, one of" the best liked eligibles tothe Ashland Oaks and Blue GrassStakes at Lexin&rton, and to the Kentucky Oaks at Churchill "Downs.There is also a very promising two's ear-old Eister to Christmae Star' that-Vihn E. Madden told .to "Whitay"Langdon for $5,000.PERSONAL MENTION.Mr. James Ferguson is in Cmcinnati on business.2Mrs. W.T. Talbott entertained yesterday at six hand eucre.Mrs. Geo. W. Judy and Mra. J. H.Comer are in Cincinnati for a fewdays.Prof. F. Paul Anderson, of Lexington, was a visitor in PNaris yesterday. Mr. A.r J. Winters was ill severaldays this week with an attack of acuteindigestion.Mrs. Delia Mitchell, of Mayslick.is the guest of Mrs. Albert Hinton,in this city.Mr. John McCord, of Maysville,is guest of his mother, Mrs. Mullikin,on Cypresa street.Mr. E. F. Faulconer, of CannelCityttwas the guset Tuesday of Mr.and Mrs. T. T. Tempi in.William, the little son of Mr. andMrs. John Yerkes is quite ill from theeffects of a vaccination and mumps.Mr. Harry Parker, continues auiteill at the home of his mother, Mrs.Emily Parker, on SouthJMain street.Mrs. T. T. Templin visited herdaughter, Mrs. Ed. Faulconer, inCannel City, several days last week.Mr. and Mrs. G. C. Thompson returnedjlast night from St. Petersburg.Fia., where they spent the wintermonths.Mrs. C. O. Wilmoth entertainedthe young ladies ' bridge club at ;herhome on Houston Avenuej yesterdayafternoon.Mr. and Mra. W. R. Brooks, ofBozeman, Mont., are guests of Mr.and Mrs. Lawrence Vanhook, on Higgins avenue.Mr. Wililam Hukill, Deputy StateFire Marshal, returned yesterday froma week's trip.tnrough Shelby Land adjoining counties.Elder J. T .Sharrard attended themonthly meeting of the '.KentuckyMinisters' Association, which was heldin LexingUn Monday.Mr. Houston Crouch, of LittleRock left yesterday afternoon for Cincinnati where he will take up theStudy of undertaking.Judge E. B. January attended themeeting of the Executive Board ofthe Widows' and Orphans' Home atLexington yesterday.Miss Nellie Spradlin returnedWednesday to.her home in Chattanooga, Tenn., after a visit tojtfiss SarahThompson, near this city.Mr. Harry Stout, of Lexington,visited his brother, Mr. Leer Stout,in this city yesterday afternoon andattended the ball rgame between theLexington and.Battle Creek teams.Mrs. J. H. Thompson has beenquite ill at her home near Paris for thepast several days- Mrs. Thompson wasto have visited in Louisville for a fortnight where several entertainments hadbeen arranged for her during the pastweekMessrs. G. W. Clay and WilliamShire went to Covington Tuesday towitness the Scottish Rile degrees,which will be conferred on a numberof MaEons, among them being P. A.Thompson and H. L. Terrell,Paris.both ofJudge Thomas Thebold and Rev.Dr. Morton, of Grayson, Ky., wereguests Monday of Dr. B. M. Shive, enroute to Carlisle to attend the meeting of the Presbytery, Tuesday. Dr.Shive and James McClintock -also attended the meeting.Those from a distance who attended the tuneral of Mrs. Mattie McCarney, Tuesday, were Mr. and Mrs.C. Ed. Nippert, of Latonia; Mrs. Joseph Williams, of Murfreesboro,Tenn. ; Mr. Ora E. Hurst, of Millersburg, -and Mrs. Matte Downs, of Lexiington, nieces of Mrs. McCarney.The Progreseive Culture Club metWednesday afternoon at the rooms inthe Elks' Building with a good attendpapers being read by Mrs. Robt. tGog-gin and Mrs. Albert Hinton. Canadawas the subject before the meeting.The club w 11 hold two more meetingsbefore the summer intermission.Mrs. Harmon Stitt left last weekfor an extended visit to friends inVirginia, New York and Canada. Sheand her son, Norwood, will spend thesummer at Spirit Lake, Iowa. Mr.Norwood Stitt will return in September to reenter school at Millersburg,and Mrs. Stitt will , spend the winterat her -former home in California.The Young Ladies' Circle of theCnristani church held its regular meeting with Mrs. C. 0. Wilmoth, Fridayafternoon. There was a full attendance ofithe members and a good program was rendered. These young ladiesare very much interested in the causeot missions and will attend in a bodythe convention' of the Eighth Kentucky District to be hld in Cynthianaon May 20 and 21. After the meetinga social half hour was enjoyed, durirgwhich the young ladies were servedwith sandwiches and coffee.Pay $25 for your ClothesIBOf course we show clothes at S15and $20; but our lire at $25 is especially strong.J. W. DAVS & CO.Chapter Meeting Saturday.Richard IHawes Chapter UnitednnMmhlivc fP 4- Cyrfcraiar7 mill mflflfat their rooms in.the court house Saturday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock. Afull attendance of the members .is requested. Vaudeville Season Opens at theGrand,The summer vaudeville at the ParisGrand onened last night fwith one ofthe best bills that has been offered inthe house for many seasons, Tne theatre was packed to overflowing andthe performance proved highly entertaining. This bill will hold the boardat the Grand for the remainder of thweek, arid two performances will begiven each night.DEATHS.sCLARK. -"James LevaD dark, the fourteen-year-oldson ' of Preisdent- James LZClark, of Kentucky Wesleyan College,at Winchester, formrely pastor of theParis Methodist church, died at theGood Samaritan 'Hospital, in Lexirgton, Monday evening, at 6 :C5 o'clock,after a brief illness with appendicitis.From the first his condition "was suchthat it was impossible to Derform anoperation, but the attending physicians kept him under observation inhopes that he would soon, become better. He gradually grew worse, however,until the end came. At the time ofhis death both his father and motherwere at his bedside.The body was taken to Winchester,Tuesday morning tfor burial in thatcity.Pure Jersey Cream for Sale.Pure Jersey cream for sale. Guaranteed tobe the finest to be procuredanywhere Will take orders for Sunday delivery any day in the week.Each order will receive personarattention. Cumberland telephone "104-2.ll-3t MR&. J. H. FUHRMAN.MATRIMONIAL.ANNOUNCEMENT.Mr. and Mrs. Matt C. Clay, of Mt.Sterling, announce the engagement oftheir daughter, Elizabeth JeffersonCockrell, to Mr. Cilnton Whitlev Hawkins, of Versailles. The wedding willoccur in the early summer. Thebride-elect is popular and well knownin social circles in ;his city, while theprospective bridegroom is a wealthyand piominent farmer, and the announcement of their engagement is ofintreest to their many friends.v Best Floor Finish.JJ Try Chi-namel on that old floor, ftwill make it look like new. Bestfloor finish in the world.18-2t VAKDEN & SON.Prizes Ready For WinningSchools.The ijooks offered as prizes by theBourbon County School ImprovementLeague, to the five schools showinggreatest per cent of increased attendance, have arrived andare at the officeof the county superintendent, MissRobbins. ready to be placed as follows1 :Monterey, first prize, $25 worth ofbooks; Stony Point, second, $20 worth;Jacksonville, third, $15 worth Ford'sMill, fourth, $10 worth ; Escondida,fifth, S5 worth.These are prizes worth having andinclude books on a variety of subjectssuitable for schoolllibraries.Jand werecarefully selected. . The prize winnersare to be congratulated. . .SEED OATS.We believe we have the finest seed oats in Bourboncounty or elsewhere;CHAS.S. BRENT & BRO.Keep Out the Pest.Protect ryour home from the fly.Order your screens from us. We haveall sizes of doors and windows at pricesthat will surprise you. Screen wirealso'sold by the yard. See us beforeplacing your order.18 4t ILAVIN & CONWELL.Newt Arnold Case Postponed.Circuit Court convened at FalmouthMondayfor gthe regular April term.The case of Newt. Arnold, of Bourbon,indicted for the murder of HarryBailey, in Cynthiana on January courtday, is set for next Wednesday onchange of venue from Harrison county.The case, however, may ;not be triedat that time. It depends on theCourt's action on affidavit, which it issaid, will be filed by Mr. Morrow, attorney for Arnold, setting forthlhis inability to be present at that time.Should the case not come to trial, it isprobable that a special term of thePendleton Circuit Court will be calledfor Monday, May 19, and the trial begin then.Use the Best.Don't experiment, use a floor finishthat has stood the test. Chi-namel isconceded to be the very best floor finish made. You know it will do thework. Take no substitute.;, We areagents for Paris.18-2t - VARDEN & SON.Laundry Men in Annual Session.The Kentucky State Laundrymen'sAssociation convened in Lexingtonyesterday for a two days' session.The convention will close today withan automobile tour to Elmendorf.This morning the final business sessionwi'l be held, officers for the ensuingyear elected, and the Dlace for nextyear's meeting selected. T.'M. Funk,of this city, is down for a discussion"Commission and Agents and Pricesof Finished Family Work." Mr.Funk is a member of the ExecutiveCommittee of the Association.Mule Taken Up.JJMule taken up last Friday at myplace on Ithe .Maysvilie pike. Ownercan hae seme by paying charges forkeen and advertising.tf WM. FARRIS.FOR SALEResidence Property on WalkerAvenue. Adjoining BourbonCollege. Splendid Neighborhood. gBeautiful two etory rframe house ofeight rooms, four halls, bath, pantrv,etc. Large" corner lot, 60x212 "feet,Good stable and all necessary outbuild?ings. Some fruit.Will be sold worth the money. Possession at once. Look this over.11 tf jParis, Ky.WOOL WANTED.We will pav the highest marketprice for wool. Plenty of sacks furnished free.LYNCH & WIGGINS,Paris, Ky.,18-3t E.T . phone 682For Burns, Bruises and Sores.The quickest and surest cure forburns, bruises, boils, sores, inflammation and all skin diseases is Bucklen'sArnica Salve. In four days it curedI. H. Haflin, o"f Iredell, Texas, of asore on his ankle which pained him sohe could hardly walk. Should be inevery home. Only 25c. Recommendedby Oberdorfer.Rainy dayentertainmentWhen a rainy day comesalong' and the children are""'housed up", they won't mindstaying indoors if there's aVictor-Victrola to help passthe time.Instructive as well as entertaining an instrument thatshould be in every home, especially where there are children.And it's so easyto own a VictorVictrola $15 to$200, and we'll arrange terms to suit,if desired. H Lsr(MeriyCLEANSER$1 .OO per PackageThis is the time to Clean Your Old Rugs and Carpets. MakeThem Look Like New. Package IVIakes Three Gallons.DUST-VACTry one. Keep Dirt Out of Vour Home. When you use a,broom you don't Take the Dirt Out, You Just stir it up. vA Dust-VacTakes the Dirt Out The kind with a brush in it.Special Introductory Price $8.50REFRIGERATORSBuy a Good One Wc Sell Bonn-Siphon, NorthStar, Gurney, Nortnland, Star.J.T. Hl7lTNWood MantelsISpring House Cleaning ImTime is Upon Us Now Tor Your 5Lace Curtains and DraperiesCome Let Us Show You an Enormous Line mCluny, Irish Point, Nottingham, Reinasance, Louis X14, Scrim, Muslin andin White, Cream or Ecru.of every description, double and single borders, white orecru in Scrim, Fillet, Lace Marquisette, &c. We buy direct from the manufacturer, thereby saving you the middle-manjproflt: Come, look whether you want to buy ornot.W. EdirTlie Place to Purclia.seYour Jewelry isuTlae HouseUp-to-Date Goo.ds In Steiling Silver and. Gold.SHIRK &5asf uenn. 2SSWEARTHQUAKEPORTEDSAVES YOU MONEYUndertakingIMany Other CurtainssTucker. Isof Quality'FITHIAN.jfcome 130,JRUGAmbulance-'v- -W1.1i$.tv, ""--,yYvV- ' """41h'S18Why He Wis Late.4 What made ou so late?""I met Smithson."f Weli, that is no reabon why youkouM be an hour late getting homeo sapper.""I Tmowr but I asked him how he"Wa feeling, and he insisted on tellingBid about his stomach trouble.""Did you tell him to take Chamberlain's Tablets.""Sure, thatis what he needs." 'SoldJ)j all dealers."Roxie" Dati$!Cfee Insurance JfcentV "Life, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,LightningBiggest and Best Paying Companies.GiveXHd "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137typewritersRebuilt Dice new!Remington 6, $23Smitff Premier 2,$23Remington 10, $40(Latest Model) Stf?Smith Premier 10, $40(Latest Model)Monarch, $40Underwood 4, $40Underwood 5, $45Oliver 3, $40Oiiver5, $50L C Smith & Bro., $35We Handle Carbon Paper Ribbons forall Makes.We Repair Typewriters.We have the Largest Stock in the U. S.31ie Joseph Candioto Co.149-151 N. BroadwayLexington, KentuckyFor SaleA black horse ; will work anywhere.Either phone.E. M. WHEELER.7 tf Eighth and Main.We're Now Showing Our Full Line ofSPRING MODELS!In the CelebratedSchloss Bros. & Oo.High-Class Men's Suits.They Represent the New Norfolksthe New English Cutand the Conservative Models, all BeautifullyTailored. Prices'ranging'from $15, to $35JUST I3XTOur complete line of Emerson Shoes, Hawes Van Gal Hats,Stetson Hats, Lion ShirtsTWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L. Wollstein; Propri or.MfttHUSBAND RESCUEDDESPAIRING WIFEAfter Four Years of DiscouragingConditions, Mrs. Bullock GaveUp it Despair. HusbandCame to Rescue.Citron, Ky. In an interesting letterfrom this place, Mrs. Bettie Bullockwrites as fcttows : "I suffered for fouryears, with womanly troubles, and duringic time, i could only sit up for a littlewale, and could not walk anywhere atat. At tkoes, I would have severe painsla aty left side:Tae doctor was called in, and his ireatjaeat reSeved roe for a while, but I wasaaoa coafiaed to my bed again. Afterflaat oCWaf aeeroed to do me any good.START NOWSusceptibility to colds, sorethroats, tonsilitis and such, indicate impoverished vitality lackof reserve strength to weatherchanging seasons.A spoonful of SCOTT'S EMULSION after each meal startshealthy body-action like a smallmatch kindles a great fire andmore: it makes rich, healthy,active blood fortifies the tissuesand stimulates the appetite itmakes sound body-strength.SCOTTS EMULSION is thepurest cod liver oil, ma'de creamlike and palatable without alcohol or drug the quintessenceof purity.Reject imitations they are impostors for profit,Scott & Bowne, Bloomfield, N. J. 12-58NATIONAL5c and 10c StoreSPECIALFor Thirty DaysOn AllWall PaperAnd also Puttingsame on Wails.Must Have Roomfor New Stock.National 5o end 10c StoreWatch Our Windows,I had gotten so weak I could not stand,and I gave up in despair.At last, my husband got me a bottle ofCardui, the woman's tonic, and I commenced taking it. From the very firstdose, I could tell it was helping me. Ican now walk two miles without itstiring me, and am doing all my work."If you are all run down from womanlytroubles, don't give up in despair. TryCardui, the woman's tonic. It has helpedmore than a million women, in its 50years of continuous success, and shouldsurely help you, too. Your druggist hassold Cardui for years. He knows whatit will do. Ask him. He will recommend it Begin taking Cardui today.Write to; ChxtUnooea Medicine Co., LadlesAdvisory .Dept.. Chattanooga. Tenn.. for SpecialInstructions n your case and 64-page book, HomeTreatment fw Wwoen," sent in tfain wrapper. JTWO ROOT SYSTEMS OF CORNDeep Cultivation Prunes FeedingBranches and Lessens Ability toTake Up Plant Food.A knowledge of the root systems ofcorn points out the kind of cultivation to be practiced. There are twosystems, the primary and the secondary, says the Breeders' Gazette. Theprimary roots are the fine, fibrousroots, which, almost completely fill thetop two feet of soil, crossing each other in the rows after the crop is halfgrown. Deep cultivation prunes allthese feeding roots, lessens the ability of the plant to take up plant foodand moisture and results in the loss ofconsiderable water from the soilthrough evaporation. Deep preparation of the soil before planting andshallow cultivation afterward is highly desirable. The day of "plowing"the corn crop is gone.The secondary roots are the tough,fibrous roots usually extending fromone of the lower nodes on the stalkinto the soil. The sole purpose ofthese seems to be to act as braces forthe plant to hare hold it upright.Wheat, Rye and Barley.Wheat and rye have about the samecomposition, although wheat is somewhat richer in protein. Rye is in general tougher and harder to grind.Both are quite digestible, but less sothan, corn, on account of the largerpercentage of hull. When they canbe had at about the price of corn theymay profitably form a part of somerations. They are fed more satisfactorily when ground than when whole.Barley seems to rank between wheatand oats. It is not used very extensively as a stock food in the east,except when the quality is too poorto permit its use for malting purposes. Avoid Kicking.Don't go behind a horse or cowwithout speaking. Neglect to do thismay cause fright and the most docile animal cannot be blamed for kicking under such circumstances.Comfortable Coops.The coop for hens and chicksshould be well ventilated, easy toclean, and of sufficient proportions toinsure comfort.Don't.Make hay while the sun shines, butdon't get the idea that you are theonly haymaker in the business.Master's Sale.OF.Residence and Store Room!r North Midfflefown, By.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Mt Sterling National Bank, --Plain tiff.Vs. Notice of Sale.Mrs. J. A. Gilkey, Etc., - Defendants.Under and by virtue of a judgmentof the Bourbon Circuit Court, renderedin the above styled action, the undersigned Master Commisssior.er will sellat public auction to the highest and bestbidder, on or near the premises in theCity of North Middletown, BourbonCounty. Kentucky, at or about thehour of 11 o'clock a. m., onSATURDAY, APRIL 19th, 1913,the following described property :First. A certain lot containingresidence stoie room, Etc., on theNorth side of Main Street, in NorthMiddletown, Kentucky, and boundedas follows : Beginning at Main Street,corner to property of Cline Heirs andrunning North with their line 287 feetto alley running between propertyherein conveyed and the property ofH. S. Caywood 138 feet to corner toMrs. Ida Everman, Gdn. ; thence Southwith her line and that of Lolly A.Lowe 147 feet to a corner to Mrs.Katie Rice ; thence Eastward with herline 42 feet to a corner to same ; thenceSouthward with same line 140 feet tocurb stone on Main Street; thenceEastward with Main Street 85 feet tothe beginning, containing 3-4 of anacre of land, more or less, being thesame property conveyed to Mrs. IdaEverman, Etc., now Mrs J. A. Gilkey,by R. M. R;ce and wife by deed ofdate February 29th. 1908, recorded inthe office of the Clerk of the BourbonCounty Court, in deed book 94, page56.Second. All the right, title andinterest of Mrs. J. A. Gilkey, beingthe undivided half thereof and dowerright in the remaining half in and tothe following property :A certain lot of land with residencethereon located at North Middletown,Kentucky, corner Main and CollegeStreets, "bounded on the South by MainStreet and on the East by CollegeStreet and on the North by the property of Mrs. Katie Rice, and on theWest by the property of Mrs. Bean,and being the same property conveyedby M. G. Talbott and wife to Jacob Everman, and his wife Ida Evermann,now Mrs. J. A. Gilkey, by deedof record in the office of the Clerk oiBourbon County Court, in deed book 84.page516.Said sale will be made upon thecredits of six and twelve months forequal patts of the purchase money,purchaser being required to executebond for equall installments of thepurchase price, with good surety thereon to be approved by the Master Commissioner, payable to said Commissioner and bearing interest at the rate of 6per cent, per annum from date of saleuntil paid, and to remain a lien uponthe property soid until paid and havethe force and effect of a judgment.c a. McMillan,Master Commissioner Bourbon CircuitCourt.Talbott & JVhitley, Attorneys.M. b Kenney, Auctioneer.(2-9-16apr-3t)iRoses From Italy. sThe rose, so long considered thefloral emblem of England, "was notknown in that country until the earlypart of the fifteenth century. Rosetrees were then brought from Italyand planted in the royal gardens.They were sent as presents from theholy father and highly esteemed byroyalty. It became the custom tocarve them over the doors of theconfessional as holy flowers, hence theterm sub rosa (under the rose) usedto mean "with secrecy." Ave Maria.Guy de Maupassant as a Clerk.Guy de Maupassant's manner of lifeas a junior clerk in the French education office is the subject of an interesting article by one of his oldcolleagues. We gather that he absented himself from his duties on theground of illness on an averageabout three days a week, and thatwas how he obtained leisure for literary composition. -None the less hewas very anxious to retain his clerkship until his literary prospects weresecure. Westminster Gazette.Tactful Mr. Cumrox."I want t6 talk to you about becoming your son-in-law," said the youngman. "I can't advise you," replied Mr.Cumrox, "on the subject of becominga member of the family. As your sincere personal friend I ought to speakfreely, but as a husband and father Iam restrained."Master's sale-OF1ANDANDStore Building !BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.C. G. Rash's Adm'r, Etc., - - PlaintiffVs. Notice of Sale.Mabel Rash, Etc. DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgment of the Bourbon Circuit Court,rendered in the above styled action,the undersigned Master Commissionerwill sell at public auction to the highest and best bidder, at the ; CourtHouse door in the City of Paris, atabout the hour of ll o'clock a. m., onSaturday, April 26, 1913.the following described property:First The undivided one-seventhinterest of E. F. Rash, deceased, inthe tract of land, being, a part of thehome place of the late G. W. Rach,described as "Dowery" on plat ofsurvey of the Scott (Rash) land madeLy W. A. Morris, beginning at A onplat, a stake in Harris' line ; thenceN 78 1-4 degrees W 198.88 poles to apoint in the Winchester & North MidDletown turnpike ; S 78 1-4 degrees E14 links from a stone ; thence with thecenter ot the pike as it meanders S12 1-2 degrees W 16 poles. S 19 1-4degrees W 24.80 poles; S a 9 3-4 W 80poles ; S 47 degrees E 13.64 poles to apoint in the pike central between twoset stones at C, corner to N. H. Bayless; thence 1 2 degree W 32.16 polesto B, cornea to same; thence N 85 1.4degrees E 149.60 poles to a stone, corner to same at E ; thence N. 84 1-2degrees E 60.12 poles to a stone at F ;thence N 19 3-4 degrees E 103 poles tothe beginning, containing 165 acres ofland, and being a part of the landconveyed by John W. Scott and Rebecca L. Scott to G. W. Rash, bydeed of record in Deed Book 63, page120, Bourbon County Clerk's office;and is the same land allotted to Mrs.Margaret Rash, widow of G. W, Rash,as dower by a deed of record in theBourbon County Clerk's office in DeedBook 89, at page 555.Second The undivided one-seventhinterest of the late E. F. Rash in acertain lot of ground, with the improvements thereon, situated in NorthMiddletown, Bourbon county, Kentucky, on Main street, running 36 feeteast and west on said Main street, and266 feet, more or less, back north andsouth ; being the lot or parcel of landbounded as follows : viz : on the northby the property of Mrs. Skillman, onthe east by the brick storehouse andlot of the Bean heirs, on the south bythe aforementioned Main street, andon the west by the storehouse, etc. ,of B. E. Bean and the Masonic lodge!and also all the rights and privilegesas to the alley entrance heretofore reserved in deed to Mrs. W. G. Skillman; the privilege being reserved tothe Bean heiis to U3e said alley inpassing to and from their storehouselot, as set out in deed from the Beenheirs to Reuben See, and being thesame property conveyed to G. WRash by Reuben See by deed recordedm Deed Book 71, page 425, BourbonCounty Clerk's office.Said sale will be made upon thecredits of six and twelve months forequal parts of the purchase money,purchaser being required to executebond for equal installments of thepurchase pripe, with good suretythereon, to bo approved by the Master, and payable to said Master,and bearing interest at the rateof 6 per cent, per annum from date ofsale until paid, and to remain a lienupon the property sold until paid, andto have the force and effect of a judgment. The Master will first sell the undivided one-seventh interest in the tractof 165 acres of land, and he will thensell the undivided one-seventh interest in the brick store building inNorth Middletown, offering the interests of said E. F.Rash and the saidbrick store building separately.C. A. MCMILLAN, M. C. B. C. C.M. F. Kenney, Auc't'r. -,Claude M. Thomas, Attorney.11-18-25. . , ., .HH 31 w mrx ZnT f r""1 t il I I BKw 2H H'Such shipmentshas the confidence of the farmer"Every year over one hundred thousand horsedriven vehicles are sold by Studebaker. Over a millionStudebaker vehicles are always in use. Stop andthink what that means.This enormous output means that Farmers themen who know depend upon Studebaker wagons todo their work.And a Studebaker wagon never fails. It is alwaysready to do a bijj day's work and to keep on doingit. There are thousands of Studebaker wagons thathave been in service from 20 to 40 yearc.A Studebaker wagon is a real business asset. Wheels, body,frame, axles and running gear have been tested and retested byexperts. You can buy cheaper wagons but they're not Sludebakers,nor will they last like Studebaker wagons.Whether in city, town or country, for business or pleasure,there is a Studebaker vehicle to meet your requirements. Farmwagons, trucks, contractors' wagons, buggies, surreys, runabouts,pony carriages, business and delivery wagons each the best of itskind. Studebaker harness also, of every descriptionSee our Dealer or write us.STUDEBAKERNEW YORK CHICAGO DALLAS KANSAS CITY DKNVERMINNEAPOLIS SALT LAKE CTTY SAN FRANCISCO PORTLAND, OEE.BethlehemFOURTEEN CHOICE HOME SITESAT PUBLIC AUCTION,Wednesday, AprilAT 2 O'CLOCK P. MLLots range from three-quarters acre to 3 acres in size, on BethlehertKpike, near to Paris. , -,No lots will be sold to colored persons.These beautiful sites are near L. & N. South Yards.Don't pay rent own your home. Liberal terms.Carfare only five cents down into city.FREE PRIZES TO BE GIVEN AWAY-A beautiful gold watch, with.Elgin movement; two valuable room-size druggets, and two five-dollar goldspieces will be given away to the lucky persons attending the sale. Be sure ancLattend, you may win one of the valuable prizes.McGARNEY, MILLER & LILLESTONBoth Phones 41, Paris, Ky.L. & N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT DECEMBER 8. 1912 . V , i-Trains -A.rrrv"eFROMAtlanta, Ga., Daily 521 amLexington. Ky., Daily 7.7.7.7.7... 5.18amCynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.35 anaMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 ant,Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ; 7.55 antLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday : 8.12 anCincinnati, O., Draily 9 50 amtMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .7.7.7." 7.7.10.20 am.Lexington, Ky Daily 10.15 anCincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 antLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12 00 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 DmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3 15 Pm.Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.33 pia,Knoxville. Tenn.. Daily 3 25 pm.Maysville, Ky. , Daily ."...'."...".'.' 540 pntCincinnati, O. , Daily Except Sunday 5 55 PnuLexington, Ky., Daily ,. 6jl5Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 1 5 50 am?Jacksonville. Fla., Daily g"iy pns,Cincinnati, O. , Daily 77.7.7.7.7.7.10 :50 pnTrains IDe-part .TOCincinnati. O., Daily .' : 528 arcrMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 am.rLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 747 aiaCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 820 arcMaysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 8 "0 antLexington, Ky., Daily -7 . 7. .7 .779:57 amKnoxville, Tenn., Daily ;" 9 55 arcsJacksonville, Fla., Daily " 1024 ai&.Lexington, Ky., Daily '.' ...::7777:77l029 am 'Maysville, K., Daily 12 05 omCynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 12' 04 amLexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 333 DR1Cincinnati, O., Daily 3'4( gmRowland, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 552 gnj.Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday r ., 6 07 proCincinnati, O., Daily j G 23 DmMaysville, Ky., Dailv Except Sunday . e'o nnCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 635 LLexington, K., Daily .7 .'io! 55 proAtlanta, Ga., J)aily 10.57 praNo.341342971040373123326.259138385393083231No.34429401013737331336262538939328303113IN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trains .A.rri-ve (No. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily ExceptJSunda g 134 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday " 330tnm5 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday ! . .7 ! .777" .77' .550 pmTrains IDe;pa,rt;No. TO:7 Frankfort & Louisville, Dailv Exceot Snnrlav - ' ' - w.1 F ankf ort, Ky . Daily Except Sunday . . . . " ' oJ 1 Frankfort, Ky DailyJxcept Sunday.. .,-..: .7 .7$?; .77.77 5.56.1O nn1.fnJ. TT,. -rJi. n "2. n, 4mean StudebakerHiSouth Bend9 Ind.1913. -.-,.... l.-ioautam"23,rrSfLJ5 !.JnM- I:l'M-"VJ3g,VMS'JL-srVf..-rj4j(fsr&- y3f'3&fc4.S?Mr-J'&'.AHcsi teiSV,wjfefVS.-arV'Vf - :jZZ.'yt"wwwfanawyia 11 ii-twijiyww4THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KY., APRIL 18 1913i:-R,-rxJ-9 r4&S& JI i&fz OTfi " IIPKP9 1REMEMBER THE NAMEITS R. S WHEELER'S Nff ICEBERG REFRIGERATOR.It means everything to you when you decide to choose your Refrigerator ECONOMYJCONVENIENCE, DURABILITY, and of beautiful exterior construction It's the name thatmeans mo? fc to you. And remember it and this store when you decide to choose yourrefrigerator.PRICES, &7.00 UP TO SIS.OO.PORCH CHAIRS, SETTEES, SWINGSA complete line to make the hot days comfortable after working hours are over.Go-Carts, $3.75 up to $30.00.To Save Time,Sfeps andlWork.ScelOur Kitchen Caretss9.ts up toma3g.oo.the: happyihome makers,1 ftF. WHEELER FURNITURE GO.WHIN STREET.REXtllttlTTc i uuiu i uiiugui &uu"Saves thp Sick'For Oai. While Di-and all Poultryd'-ease5.No Cure NoPay, It works "whilethey roost.OEV liquid LiceIXLiyV Killer 25c.Has no "equal" as alice, mite and germ killer. Best wash lor allsores and cuts on allstock. Finest di&infec-lT or J . fnnf frT- TinllCP stnhl"-doff kennel and hen house. BY MAIL, 30c,THE REX CHEMICAL CO., Newport, Ky.SOLD BY"Varden & Son, Lr. A.tSoper, Little Rock,D. E. Clark & Co., Millersburg, Ky.(tollof June)Suit1 TO ORDERWeAlsopoi DRYCLEANING.PRESSING,REPAIRING.SestjWorkGuaranteed.mm190siaitsrl52!SlfeDA ilV'f2S?S R I M Im ramfeI millfl nnilUmi TlnmnilfinPn ML JF JfLVLMam ru!IBDIBllSi5. 5!SiS!inia!cmiasaaaa aaaaaaajF utttThomas Bros, aaaMPf"??i??.fggf!"'?gJlia1HaBaaiPvaaaaaVVawJPravV 1" VWSvflMttMMMH ftflililfliiBBABY'S COMFORT:Now is the time to takethe baby out for an airingwith one of our Go-Carts,as that will mean everything-to the baby.CHflS. GREEN, Manager.SALE!DESIRABLEStock FarmBourbon County,Kentucky.Belmont Stock Farm, thejbeautifulsuburban home of the late John A.j Lyle, is offered for sale privately.1 This farm is admirably adapted forraising 01 blooded horses. Locatedas it is on the interurban line, onequarter of a mile from Paris, Ky., onthe Lexington pike, containing 150acres of good land, the place shouldappeal strongly to any one wantingan ideal country home.The farm is improved with a substantial two-story brick dwelling,equipped with water works, lightingsystem, bath room, furnace, etc. Alsoa large well appointed stock barn,large tobacco barn and all other necessary out-buildings, all in good condition. This is one of the most desirablecountry places in the Biuegrass andthe soil is in a high state of cultivation. The home is nearly surroundedby a beautiful woodland, and thepiace is abundantly supplied withnever-failing water.Persons looking for such a' placeare invited to inspect the premises.For further information, apply toW. W. MITCHELL,Paris, Ky.Beware of Ointments for CatarrhThat Contain Mercuryas mercury will sorely destroy thej sense of. smell andjcompletely derangethe whole system on entering itthrough the mucous surfaces. Sucharticles should never be fcused excepton prescriptions from reputable physicians as the damage they will do istenfold to the good you can possiblyderive from them. Hall's CatarrhCure, manufactured by F. J. Cheney& Co., Toledo, O., contains no mercury, and is taken internally, actingdirectly upon the blood and mucoussurfaces of the system. In buyingHall's Catarrh Cure be sure and getthe genuine. It is taken internallyand made in Toledo, Ohio, by F. J ,Cheney & Co. Testimonials free.Sold by druggists. Price 75 centsper bottle.Take HalP& Family Pills for constipation, r -Settees $3.50 up to $16.00.Others, 85c and up.0PP. COURT HOUSE.-rnonIlli! n v Jkw' i Gallia sswtastt&scent, wo to $100,000W. KING & SON,125 Chcapslde. Lexington, Ky.xpONE1)fiOPdown the throat of a "grapey"chicken destroys the wormsand saves the chick's life. Afew drops in the drinking: waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPESAt white diarrhoea, roup, choleraand other chick diseases.One 50c Bottle ofBourbonPoultryCureMakes 12 Gallons of Medicine.Every poultry raiser should keep a bottle ofthis medicine on hand. Write for free sampleand Booklet on "Diseases of Fowls." Address.BOURBOH REMEDY COMPANY, Lexington, Ky.For Sale by W. T. Erooks.Child's Pathetic Death.A bad school report, which hethought would induce his parents topunish him, caused a boy of twelveyears to commit suicide at Reinickendorf, a suburb of Berlin, a few daysago. The child crept at dusk into astable and hanged himself with a halter from a low beam.Feminine Ambition Rebuked.Ttie instinctive masculine attitudetoward feminine ambition is sometimes manifest in early years. Three-year-oldRichard was observed in thebarnyard one day, following with solicitous attention the movements of &hen who was trying to crow. Finallyhe inquired kindly, though with evident disapproval: "Is anyfing the matter wif you?"MuItum-in-Parvo Disturbers.As: small letters weary the eye mostso also the smallest a&air3 disturb usmost. Montaigne.Uaziness and Logic.Why are we still indolent and negligent and sluggish, and why do we !sees pretenses ior not laboring ananot being watchful in cultivating ourrgasom? Epictetus.fili$JHIRESENT TAX IN GERMANYComplaint by Foreigners on New Insurance Levy Workers Especially Feel Burden.Berlin. Foreigners employed inBerlin and other German cities whosesalary or income Is $100 a month orless are complaining bitterly over thenew government insurance law whichwent in effect the first of the year.This new law suspends all privatesick insurance, which is replaced witha government insurance system. Itis compulsory on foreigners residingin the empire as well as on Germans.So far as foreigners are concerned,it affects principally teachers, governesses, office employes, etc. The annual cost varies from $5 a year forthose whose salary does not exceed?125 a year to $78 annual premiumfor those whose salary is between $80and $100 a month.The law provides that half of thecost of insurance must be paid by theemployer and half by the insured. Asa salary of $100 a month also callsfor an annual income tax of $70, suchan employe Is compelled to pay $9 amonth for taxand Insurance.Should the insured leave "Germanypermanently during the first ten yearshe has no claim for the return ofpremiums paid and loses his rights tobenefits under the act As the majority of foreigners remain only two orthree years, coming largely for thepurpose of studying, few will haveclaims on the premiums paid.Only such persons as were insuredin foreign insurance companies doingbusiness in Germany are exemptedfrom the provisions of the law. Thereis but one American company doingbusiness in Germany.TO RAZE' FORTS OF PARIS21 Miles of Wall Around City, andAdjacent Huts, to Be Replacedby Playgrounds.Paris. The formidable problem offinding accommodation for 120,000people who are to be evicted fromtheir dwellings owing to the sale ofthe antiquated fortifications of Paristo city authorities by the French government is now before the municipalcouncil for solution.The space occupied by the 21-milewall encircling Paris, and the "firingzone" 500 yards in width, facing it. Isto bo converted into public parks. Thisspace is now covered by many thousand ramshackle houses, occupied bywork people and ragpickers, and inmany instances turned into resorts forcriminals and tramps.The proprietors pay a small annualsum for the privilege of being allowedto construct these huts on the condition that they are subject to destruction in case of war. There is not sufficient accommodation for the occupants in other parts of the city.The amount of money expended inthese old fortifications, erected in1S40, and now to be razed, exceeded$200,000,000. It is impossible to enterthe city without passing through oneof the 70 gates, now used as tax collection stations.OBJECTS TO BISHOP SMOKINGEnglish Vicar Makes Protest In PressAgainst Aged Superior'sHabit.London. Should a bishop smoke? isthe question raised by the discoverythat Dr. Carr Glyn, bishop of Peterborough, indulges in the pipe. The discovery so disgusted the vicar of Brigstock, one of his clergy, that the latterhas written to the press making public protest against the bishop's fondness for the pipe. The vicar says thathe recently took his lordship to taskabout his smoking. It appears thatthe bishop recently took tea with someparishioners and the vicar felt himselfcalled upon to give his lordship "somewholesome advice against the pernicious habit" of tea drinking whereupon the bishop by way of reply calmly produced a tobacco pouch and pipeand started smoking in the presenceof his horrified rebuker.The vicar after describing In hisletter the mischievous effects of tobacco, 'expresses the opinion that nosmoker is fit to administer to any congregation. The bishop, who is now inhis seventieth year, and was formerlyhonorary chaplain to Queen Victoria,qo far has not troubled to reply tothis letter, but continues to enjoy hispipe.WOLVES WIN ALASKAN DERBYRace of Sixty-Five Miles From Nometo Solomon and Return Resultsin Close Finish.Nome, Alaska. The Solomon Derbyfor dog teams from Nome to Solomonand return, 65. miles over the snowtrail, was won by John Johnson, driving a team of Siberian wolves, in 6hours, IVz minutes. Oliver Blatchford,driving a team of Missouri birdhounds, was second: Alexander Holm-son, driving a mixed team of 1 Mala- jmuxes ana mactsenzio river nuSKles,finished third, and Scotty Allan's teamwas fourth.Only the four teams started and thegaps between them at the finish wasnot wide. All the dogs were in goodcondition at the end. The temperature was 30 degrees below zero, and,as there was no wind, conditions wereideal for dog team racing.Johnson led at the turn, which hereached in 2 hours 55 minutes.The winning dogs formerly wereowned by. Lord Fox Ramsay. Theyhold the record for th " all-Alaskawjwgake race. ,ECZEMACAN BE CURED1 Will Prove It to You FreeYou who are suffering the tortures or Eczema. Itch. Salt Rheum or otherskm diseases you whose days are miserable, whose nights are made sleepless by the terrible itchinz. burnine mins. Ipt.Tnp.spnrt mn n Mgin n c.v.lug, healing treatment which has cured hundreds, which I believe will cure J Htxn. R. P.you. 1 will send it free, postage paid, without any obligation on your part.Just nil the coupon below and mail it to me. or write me. giving your name, ace and addrsM.I will send the treatment free of cost to you. "--- " CUT AND MAIL TO DAY mm wmm m mm.J. C. HUTZELL, 123 West Main St., Fort Wayne, Ind.Please send without cost or obligation to me your Free Proof TreatmentName.Post OfficeState Street andInstant ReliefYou can stop that awful itch! fromeczema and other skin troubles in twosecondsSeems too good to be true but it istrue, and we vouch, for it.Just a few drops of the simple, cooling wash, the D.D.D. Prescription foreczema, and the itch stops instantly."We give you enough to prove it for 50cents. Now, if you have tried a great manyGures for eczema and have been disapoodlandHeadquartersBuster 33.Dark Bay Horse, Weight 1,7000.Sired by Imported Gitter 5S803Dam by Imparted Queen 41490$15.00 To InsureBUSTER B. is a coming ' three yearold and a young stallion of markedsize and condition. He is the kindthat will appeal to your fancy andyou will make no mistake in breedingto him.The Above Horses vYill Make The Season of 1913 AtWoodland Stock Farm.About 7 miles north of Paris on the Cynthiana pikh. Money due when colfcis foaled, mare transferred or brec to other stock without my consent. Lienretained'on all colts until shason money is paid. Care takcn to prevent accidents but no responsibility assumed should any occur.STERLING HiNKSON, Lair, Ky.Season 1 91 3Caylor Simmons23489Dark bay horse, 16 hans high, weighs1,200 lbs.By Simmons Boy 17517, sire of Silver Simmons 2:16, Simmonette 2:19,etc.1st dam Brilliante, by Wilkes Boy2:24X sire of Courier-Journal 2:06,Judge Swing 2:0SX, York Boy 2:08and nearly 100 others in 2:30 list.2nd dam Grace Ashland by AshlandChief 751, son of Mambrino Chief II.3rd dam Pong by Old Pilot.4th dam Meg by Boston, (thoroughbred.) TAYLOR SIMMONS will make theseason of 1913 at my stables in Paris,oa High street, near 2nd street, at$15 to InsureThe ideal carriage horse is the'American trotting bred horse, withsize, speed, courage, and the truetrotting gait, with plenty of knee andhock action. In addition he musthave a clean cut head and neck, styleand finish, plenty of substance without coarseness.Recognizing the demand for thisclass of horses, I selected Taylor Simmons 23489, a young hose which fillsall the requirements of the typicalcarriage horse. If the theory that"like begets like" be true, he willproduce horses of this type whenmated with good mares. Through histfeins flow the blood of the greatesttrotting families. He traces twice toGeorge Wilkes and five times to Mambrino Chief II. This is backed by thestout thoroughbred blood of Boston.A few of the fancy priced onessired by Taylor Simmons : Thendara,winner in the walk-trot class at theBlue Grass Fair m 1907, LouisvilleHorse Show and in the East, sold byCol. C. L. Raileyfor $2,500; AlleenPowers, sold to Godfrey Priest, ofNew York, for $1,000 ; Little Nath,sold for $500 to Eastern parties. Hisget are always commanding the pricethat pay a man to raise good stock.Lien retained on colts until seasonmoney is paid.Imp. Joe IIPore Bred Shetland Stallion.Imp. Joe II, sorrel and white, registered at Port Huron, August 28,190d, No. vol. 14, page 3. Sire Jim,No. 292 ; dam Banbsy, No. 1410. Asure foal getter.10 TO INSURE A LIVING COLTjTom MackThe celebrated James E. Clay Jack,will make the 'season at Murphy'sYards. Tom Mack is the best breederof mules that ever stood in the county.$12 TO INSITBE LIVING COLT$20 JENNETMl. J. MURPHY,Paris, Ky.Age.rNo.from Eczemapointed, do not make the mistake" oflrefusing to try this soothing: wash. A1Zother druggists keep this D.D.D. Prescription go to them if you can'tcome to us but if you come to ourrstore we will give you the first dollarbottle on our positive no pay guaran-,tee, that D.D.D. will stop the. itch aonce.D.D.D. Soap keeps the pores healthyask us about it,Chas. E. Butler & Son, Paris, Ky.Stock FarmFor Draft HorsesB3JRLEYBlack Percheron. WeightJ"76$15.00 To InsureBURLEY is a splendid specimen of.the draft horse and his get have proved to be of the very best. There is asteadily growing demand for the classof horses produced by Burley, bothupon the farm and in the cities. Theycan stand more work than the aveagehorse. He is 7 years old, a beautifulblack, well formed and of the classthat catches the eye. In selecting ahorse to breed to pick one whose produce commands the best price.New Art Store!I have opened an ArtStore next to Mrs. M. A.Paton. New and fresh "stock of all kinds offancy workEmbroidery,Pillow Cases,Towels,Und er wear,Waists, Etc.Novelties of all KindsStamping Done on ShortNotice Everythingguaranteed to be thebest. :::::::mrs. oi. 6. BoardW. N. Barkley Mrs. W. N. BarkleyWoman's Exchange & CafeU2N. Upper Street,Lexington, KentuckyHome-made Cakes, Breads, Pies, Candies, Groquetts, Salads, Pickles, ChowChow, Ftc, received fresh daily.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Supper; also lunches and short orders at aHhours with the best themarket affords.(2Smar6mo)THE LEXINGTON HOTEL,Opp. The LelandEUROPEAN PLAN,Lexington, Ky.. S-,Reasonable Rates.Everything New andUp-to-Date..V'w4Convenient tofCar Lieiwmiii twrmj;ucsk&c-;'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, BOURBON COUNTY, KY., APRIL 18. 1913ftmMILLERSBURG ITEMS.rt David Wells, of Mt. Olivet, Twas the5f goeet ofhis brother, M. P. Wells, Mon-uay. jJohn Bent"n returned Wednesday' . atter a ten months' sojourn in in Gali-fornia.Mrs. M. C. Grimes entertained anumber of her lady friends Saturdayt 'afternoon. BMrs. CM. Best attended Eocial function given by$Mrs.Cantrill at LGeorgetown, Wedneday night.Mr. and "Mrs. J- E. Hunter returnedfrom Flordia and Cuba, Monday, wherethey scent the winter.Mrs. Joseph Williams, of Murfreesr. boro, Tenn., was the guest of her sis.ter, Mrs. 0. E. Hurst.Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Darnell, of'Elizabeth, arrived Tuesdav as guestsof Mr. and Mrs. S. E. Bruce.Chas. Merrimee. of Cincinnati, wasthe guest of his mother and sister,Mrs. Sarah Merrimee. Wednesday.The M. M. I. ball team and LexingtonfHigh School will cross bats Monday afternoon'on Lexington 'grounds.Services Sunday morning and evening at the Presbyterian, Christianaud Methodist churches by their pas"tor.s. Judge T. P. Wariell is hauling therock for the foundation of his new-home. The lot is staked off for ihe-home of Mr. RoywEndieott.J. T. Judy sold on Tuesday his lotin Butler Addition to E. T. . Sheeler.On the same day O. H. Collier sold hislot m the same addition to J. T. Judv.SPRING OPENING-New IcebergRefrigerator.A. P. WHEELER & CO..tf Opp. Court House, ParisTaylor & Bowling have sold 'an automobile to Mr. J. P. Redmon. Thesamejwill arrive shortly. Rev. J. D.Uedd purchased an 'automobile JnParis. Monday.Rev. and Mrs. A. S. Venable, Mr.and Mrs.Thomas McClintock attendedthe Presbytery of the Ebenezer of theSouthern Presbyterian church at Carlisle from Tuesday until Thursday.FOR SALE One red Jersey Duroc j' sow with eight pigs, about three weeksold. The sow is in good condition andthe pigs are perfect. For further par- iiicuiars can on or aaaressJ. H. COLLIER,Millersburg, Ky." Ttev. Alex Sanders was the guest ofhis daughter, Mrs. W. G. Dailev,Wednesday and Thursday. He wasenroute from Mac Arthur, Ohio, tohis home at Irvine, where he had beento preach a trial sermon, with a view ior locating in that place.The hcme-coming, which is thetwentieth anniversity of the work ofCol. andfMrs. CM. Best in Millersburg, will begin Saturday, May 30,closine Tuesday night, June 3rd. Asplendid program is being arranged.Thejpresent cadetslwill give a jplay onbaturday evening and the old cadets aminstrel on Monday evening. These-are but two of the many features connected with the exercises. If the people of the town and community care to'co-operatefin this home-coming and in' vitetheir friends, Mrs. C. jjl. Best'will be able to secure .them stationery!win tne appropriate head lines relative to the occasion, at a nominallysmall price. The program .of the exercises will appear later.Mrs. E. 1. Beeding, ot Lexington,was the guest of relatives here Wednesday. Rev. Robt. Wilson, ot Cailfornia,Ky., arrived Tusday as the guest ofhis mother-in-law, Mrs. Amanda Mastin. fcMrs. Wilson and children havebeen here since the heavy floods in theOhio River.To theCitizens of Millersburg andVicinity As the successor of Mr. S.H. Endicott in ;the grocery business,I take this means of introducing myself to the public. I ask for a ishareof your valued patronage. My pastexperience in the grocery'busipess willinsure for my trade a full and complete line at the lowest prices. Comein nad I will do my best to please you.S. E. BRUCE.Spring OpeningNew Icbeerg Rerfigerator.A F. WHEELER & CO.,tf Opp. Court House, Paris.Republican Postmasters toContinue.Postmaster Burleson has announcedthat it was theadministration's policyto continue all Republican postmastersnow.in office to the end of their termsproided no charges were sustainedtheir efficiency. The policy appliedto all classes cf postmasters. Thismeans the appointment for the localoffice will be held up for severalmonths yet, as the term of the present incumbent 'does not expire untilnext March. However, it lis expectedthat the apnointment will be' madethis fall. " 'Great Records Mcde by Hens.In the current issue of Farm andFireside there appears in the "Poultry" department an account ot remarkable records made by exceptionalhens. One hen, j Lady IShowyou, t laid59 eggs in 59 consecutive dajs. Herproduction for the year was 2881 eggsand she was recently sold for $800. Agroup of five hens ,'exhibited in theConnecticut egg-laying contest laid anaverage of 21,388 eggs each during theyear they were tested. Another groupof five hens exhibited in the Connecticut egg-laying contest laid 845 eggsin a year. :Expression of Thanks FromMaysville.An expression of thanks from MayorLee, of Maysville. for the contributions sent from this citv whilp theriver town was flooded, has been re-ceived by Mavor J. T. Hinton. MayorLee's letter is as follows :Hon. J. T. Hinton, Paris, Ky.Dear Sir: With pleasure I acknowledge the receipt of your check for$27.00 for the benefit of .'flood sufferersof our city. I want to thank vou andthe rest of the committee for this remittance, and the former remittancesent us by wire. I hope that your faircity may never have cause to ask forhelp, but if you should, do not hesitateto call upon us. I have no words toexpress the gratitude that our peoplefeel for the citizens of Paris.Thankfully yours,J. WESLEY LEE, Mayor.' iBetter Shoe ValuesAre Hard to Find.Of course it's easy enough to find Shoes at low prices, but notso easy to find the same, kind and quality at such prices as we areoffering you now. For when you come here we'll give you betterleather, better workmanship, a little finer style, more comfort andmore value than you have been accustomed to.Now Is the Time to Buy YourSpringWe have just received the newest and largest assortment ofSpring Shoes and Oxfords ever offered to the people of BourbonCounty. This embraces all this season's newest designs in allleathers and fabrics, to be placed on sale this week.Buy Now While the Lots Are Complete in Every Detail.KSJJV2 Wv .Catholic School Trustees BuyGood Property.By the terms of a deal closed Tuesday the handsome residence propertyof Mr. Miller Ward, at the corner ofMain and Twelfth streets, was purchased by the -Board of Trustees ofthe Catholic School. The once paidwas 89,500. It is planned to remodelthe building lor school purposes andfurnish a home for the Sisters. Thepuilding, which is atjresent (occupiedby Misb Flora JBiU, is one of the handsomest homes in the city, and wasbuilt by the late W. R. Thomas, andafterward owned by Hon. Sidney G.Clay and Mr. Miller Ward.The Parochial School building, located on High street, between Tenth andEleventh, was partially destroyed byfire a few weeks ago. and the ;ruinswill have to be torn down. The trustees' contmepalted erecting a more substantial building on the site, but. finding that the other proprety was available, decided to purchase it after several days' negotiations.The trustees are Messrs. M. J. Lavin, George Raseenfoss, J. B. Dempsey,Henry .Santen and Martin Doyle.It is not known what disposition willbe made of the lot on whichthefruinsof the former school stood.Exhibition at School This Evening.The Department of Physical Education of the Paris Public Schools willgive n n exhibition in the gymnasiumthis evening at 8 o'clock. Owing tothe small seating capacity invitationsare limited to patrons, teachers andthe High School "students. Followingis the program :A Swedish Gymnasium LessonGrade V-A.Singing Games Puoils of Grades IIand III.Indian Club Drill-Bv High SchoolPupils.Dances Irish Jig and Scotch ReelVII and VIII Grade Girls.Wand Drill By High'School P.udjIs.Gymnastic Drill By High SchoolPupils.Dance By High School Pupils.Marion W. Lynch Director.Beatrice Chapman Pianist.Short Game of Basket Ball Firstand Second High School teams.Admission free.Goes to Danville.Mr. GW. Gamo who has been inthe citv lfor several weeks assistingMr. W. B. Tinsley, rsuperintenden t ofconstruction ffcr the Paris Gas andElectric Co. left yesterday for Danvillewhere he will assume a similar position with the Danville Light and Power Co.Improving Country Residence.Mr. M. H. Wilson, of Mt. Sterling,who recently purcbasd the Vimontfarm near Millersburg, is having theresidence improved with the additionof one room and the interior of the entire Duilding refinished. Mr. Wilsonwas in Paris this week and closed acontract with the Templin Lumber Co.to do the work. Mr. Wilson, who isengaged in business in Mt. Sterling,contemplates moving to Bourbon. EHehas been quite successful with a bakery he conducts in that city.Footwear$Luke McLuke SaysA faded working girl is always anold maid, but a faded heiress isalways a bachelor gixl.Any time a fool man marries formoney you can bet that he earns everycent of it.The reason a woman marries aonery, no account man is that her relatives come to her fourteen days aweek 'and knock him.It is ah outrage to claim.rthat girlsuse bust forms. I am willing to befair and admit it. But bust formscost money, and you can get all theezcelsior'you can carry away for nothing. It; doesn't take a young father longto Jearn how to dress a babv. But henever can find the corn starch.One good feature about the HighCost of Living is that it has reducedthe number of lumps in the Bookingsyou see on the street.When a woman's physical charmsget a good grip on a man, he canmake a jelly fish look like the rock ofGibralter.There are a lot of useless things inthe world, but a goatee will nrettynear head the list.The difference between little girjsand big girls is that when a little girlsays she doesn't like me,i to kiss -.hershe means it.When a girl forgets tcpull down hershades atfnight a .whole lot of men inthe neighborhood ar3 adicted with insomnia. The weather is still chilly, but thegirls are exhibiting their Swiss cheeseshirtwaits. xIf a girl really wants a husband a$15 pair of corsets will do more toland him than a $1,500 course inmusic.It is hard to appreciate the fact thata girl has a rosebud mouth when youdiscover that she has been eatingonions.The reason a girl has to carry awatch on her wrist is that the blarpedthing is always stopped.A girl never gets so bashful that sheis (ashamed to gundress in front of alooking glass.What has become of the oldfaehionedwoman who didn't have to cook thebaby's supper on a gas range? Cincinnati Enquirer.ExBourbons Doing Well in Ohio.Mr. Norman Liver will leave Ttodayfor Washington, C. H., Ohio, atter avisit of several days in j this city andcounty, Mr. Liver jreports Mr. W.A. Bacon, who formerly t conducted astock farm in this county, and who isengaged in the same business in thatcity, as doing well;in Ihis new home.Mr. Bacon now has about fifteen headof horses in his 'stable. He Tis planning to campaign five of . his mostpromisingtrotters this season.Will Come Up at Next Meeting.At the meeting of the Fiscal CourtWednesday the question ot making anappropriation for the W. W. MassieMemorial Hospital came up nut thematter was tabled until the regularmeeting in May. The quesiton wasfnllv riisnnqsprl hv fho rrmmhnrci rf J-haiuuio wiiuucuiucu tu pass jl uiilll inenext meelfng when it s probable somesm4- mkri s4i.s3-J In. nnr Z i- Lri II I! means furnish a fund to assist inmaintaining the institution will bedevised.1I I?;y v-XROYALBaking Powderis the greatest of moderntime helps to perfect cakeand biscuit making. Makes- home baking pleasant andprofitable. It renders thefood more digestible and. guarantees it safe fromalum and all adulterants.School Children are Vaccinated.Dr. A. H. Keller city heallh officer,Wednesday began an investiagtionamong the school children of this citytoascertain the numner ,tbat requiredvaccination. It was foundthat ; aboutone-half the students in the Dublicschools had not cofaiolied with the crder of the healthboard. WednesdayDr. Keller vaccinated about two hundred in the colored school and yesterday one hundred in the wnite school.Battle Creek Loses in I picinpfnn IUdUie i,reeKlvOSeS 10 JeXingiOn.in the hrst exhibition erame of theseason the Battle Creek Club of theYouthen Michigan league, which hasbeen training here for the past rweek,lost to Lexington by a score ot 8 to 2Manager McKernan sent all of hislecruits in the game while the Lexington line-up presen ed a number thatwill represent the Colts when the OhioState League opens. This afternoonthe same teams will meet at Whitepark for the second game of the series,in which McKernan will use a numberof his old men. Cnief Neavitt, wholast year starred with the BattleCreek club, will be behind the bat forthe Crickets.Adopt English Language.A fact illustrating the superior culture of Christian college graduates inIndia is seen in the report that inthe presidency of Madras English is .spoken by one Hindu in every 132,one Moslem of every 157, but by oneChristian of every 15.Beware of Ointments for CatarrhThat Contain Mercuryas mercury will surely destroy thesense of, smell andjcompletely derangethe whole system on entering itthrough the mucous surfaces. Sucharticles should never be ) used excepton prescriptions from reputable physicians as the damage they will do istenfold to the good you can possiblyderive from them. Hall's CatarrhCure, manufactured by P. J. Cheney& Co., Toledo, O., contains no mercury, and is taken internally, actingdirectly upon the blood and mucoussurfaces of the system. In buyingHall's Catarrh Cure be sure and getthe genuine. It is taken internallyand made in Toledo, Ohio, by P. J,Cheney & Co Testimonials free.Sold by druggists. Price 75 centsper bottle.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.FIRST YOU SAVESOMEMONEYTHPNyOU HIDE IT IN THE HOUSE THEN SOME15MOOTH STRANGER COMES ALONG AND; -VOUINVEST IN SOME SCHEME AND LOSE ITStudy this picture. Thisthe time. If the smooth stranger had a really good thing hewouldn't be peddling it. He wouldn:t HAVE to peddle it.Investments that HAVE drummers NEED them. We canadvise you, but we can't afford to advise you wrong. 'Gonsult us !Make OUR bank YOUR bank.yie pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.iCapita!, $100,000.00J. ML HALL, President.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES.O. B. Gish, charged with sellinghis tobacco outside the pool, was triedMonday at Henderson on a preliminary hearing,and was held over to thegrand jury. This is the second caseot thelkind ever in court there, theother being W. L. Hanley, who is alsoheld over under bond to the Jgrandjury at the May term of the CircuitCourt. The tobacco in each instanceLS alleged to have pooled with theStemminc D,gtrict Tobacco AcnHn-tion.Live Stock Inspector WilliamMitchell, of Mason county, has ju3tcompleted an inpection of sheep forscabies and reports that out of 14.000breedmg ewes inspected Jnot one wa3found to have even a trace of the disease. All other ilve stock inspectedwas also found to be free from disease.H,n. Abram Renick, president ofthe National Society of Record Associations and president of the American Shorthorn Breeders' Association,has addressed letters to the severalthousand members of the societies,asking them to write to their Senators and Congressmen protestingaaainst mat being put on the freelist in the tariff measure now beforeCongress.JInsure with VV. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non unioncompanies. tfFor rheumatism you will find nothing better than Chamberlain's Liniment. Try it and see how quickly itgives relief. For sale by all dealers.Big Appropriation for Kentucky.State Forester J. E. Barton has received notice that'an appropriation of$75,000 has been made" by Congressfor the fiscal year ending June 30, 1914for cooperative tire protection betweenthe States and the United States Forest Service under Section 2 of theWeeks law. The original appropriation by Congres for this Durpose was$200,000. The effect of " the $75,000appropriation is to put the cooperative work under the Weeks law on anannual basis, and is regaided as verysatisfactory by those who are activelyengaged in the work. The Secretaryof Agriculture has allotted $4,000 foruse in co-operative fire protectivework under the Weeks law in Kentucky. 4kind of thing Is happening- allSurplus, $40,00190.MS .-- 'tC. K. THOMAS, Cakicr.AfS$$-.S:2ftr ''v ' Tjg'.ai.ijatBCs