. J- - -". iu r-."HBOURBON Nr - t-PUBLISHED EVFRY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN" THE YEAR.$k --A.-'vPARIS, KENTUCKY; TUESDAY, SEPT, 16, 1913;VOLUME XXXIrGEO. ASHURST STRICKENWITH BRIGHTS' DISEASE.TWEEWS-5?Aiirifi" TtvS4Alvin Silver PlateIs Made in But OneM "r-S-."Mr. George Ashurst, one oe Paris'oldest citizens, is in a serious condition at his home on Pleasant street, as Iresult of an attack of Brights' diseaseand little hopes is entertained for hisrecovery. Yesterday morning about2 o'clock Mr. Ashurst was found inhis bed in an unconscious conditionby a member of his family and a physician was immediately summoned.Since that time there has been nochange in his condition. -Mr. Ashurst. who is aged about 'severity-oneyears, suffered a similar attack about Ja year ago, ana tor a number orw.eeks remained in a critical condition..'"WE KNOW HOW"T here is No MysteryIn This FactjQualityTHE VERY BEST ISee the George WashingtonPattern in Our Window1--& KSTRENGTHEN WEAK KIDNEYS.Don't suffer longer with weak kidneys. You can get prompt relief bytaking Electric Bitters, that wonderful remedy praisetl by women everywhere. Start with a bottle today, youwill soon feel like a new woman withambition to "work, without fear ofpain. Mr. John Dowling, of San Francisco, writes: "Gratitude for the wonderful effect of Electric Bittersprompts me to write. It cured mywife when all else failed." Good forthe liver as well. Nothing better forindigestion or biliousness. Price 50c.and $1.00, at L. Oberdorfer and W. T.Brooks. (Sept)FLAX AND HEMP ONTHE REE LIST.mmmmmmmmmmmmmmammtmmmimmtmmmmmmmmmKmmiHIPounds thew.1oesiEastern Sugar $1.00With (i $3.00 Purchase.Old Reliable Coffee, Per Pound . -.-r30cSilver Sea Coffee, Per Pound .-------.----30cMayflower Coffee, Per Pound. ... 30cBulk Coffees, Per Pound, 20c, 25c --.---and 30cTry this 20c Coffee it is the same as youhave been paying 25c for.Pink Salmon, Per Can -10cEedSalmon, two Cans 25cThe Best Red Salmon, Per Can 20cPure Cider Vinegar, Per Gallon 30cThese are just a few of the many things thatwe can save you money on. Call and let usfigure with you for your winter supply ofGROCERIESbefore they advance. CASH always getsthe best for the least money.Stone's Wrapped Cakesreceived fresh every day.t. c. lenihan;Cash Grocery.The tariff conferees got along sowell Saturday that. Chairman Simmons of the Senate Finance Committee predicted that their report will bemade to the House of Congress thisweek.The conferees practically finishedthe cotton schedule and the flax andhemp schedule. A few paragraphs ineach were left for further consideration. In the cotton schedule the Senate changes were agreed to.Flax and hemp were allowed to remain on the free list where the Senateput them. The paragraphs relating tobagging and burlap, which causedmuch debate in the Senate were notacted upon. Jiouse leaders insist theSenate rates on these articles wouldmean a decrease in revenue of severalmillion dollars annuallly.V'THAT Season after SeasonYear after Year our Customers Return to usfor their Clothes It.simply goes to prove first thatour customers are discriminatete.ing judges of value and securedthat the clothes we sell in everyway meet the standard thatour customers set.Fall Hats vNow On DisplayFOR SALE.New line of comforts, blankets.coun,terpanes. Save you. money. N ((It) J. T. HINTON.-IJLUDLOW LODGE TENDERSGRAND MASTER BANqU'TSamuel Reed Lodge, F. & A. M., ofLudlow, Ky., Saturday night gave abanquet in honor of Joseph Ewalt, ofParis, Grand Master of the State ofKentucky. A large class of candidates received the M1. M. degree, afterwhich they listened to an interestingaddress by the Grand Master. Theafternoon degree work was conductedby Samuel Reed Lodge, and inthe evening Covington Lodge, which attended in a body, had charge of the. ceremonies. Music was furnished by theMasonic Band, of Cincinnati. Mr.Ewatl retured home Sunday.We are shoning all thenewshapes, shades and kinds. ..9U TCa. fcpCopyright, 1913.JKrftwla. Bfrra:IMitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to M enParis,SPEECH BLOCKED BY POLICEm& sScm1IwmfmBmWho Is Your Tailor ?mWe Have 500 Samples of Woolens toMake Your Suit to Order$15 to $50Now is the Time to Make a SelectionFor a Fall Suit.J. J. Crowley, of Cincinnati, wasdriven out of New Lexington, O.,Saturday night because of his antiCatholic utterances' He arrived inAthens Sunday, intending to make aspeech that ight, bu t he found theOpera House and the police , whoed that thepolice would prevent hisspeaking on the streets. When toldspeech that night, 'but he found theOpera Hous e and the police", whofeared a riot, Crowley said he-wouldmake no speeches, as he did not careto cause trouble.1si bh 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 uixi ixtti in : 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 u 1 1 1 1 1 n i in::miimjiiK;HU!mmmuuMiiiimi:imimmm!mrBf&& iuFRANK & COThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.AJEXRA isPBLIAjuINSURANCE RATING BOARDAND COMPANIES IN DUELmmA Large Line of Fall Hats andCaps for Mien and Boys.PRI6& & 60. Giothiersand FurnishersThe struggle between the fire insurance companies and theState In-surance Rating Board, v which nasbeen continuous since the Board undertook to regulate rates for fire insurance has reached a criticalpoint. There is now pending in theSupreme Court of the United Statesa suit to declare the law creating thej Board unconstitutional; as soon j asthe Board promulgated its first orderI fixing rates on city dwelling propertythe insurance companies filed suit inthe State and Federal courts to enjointhe enforcement of the order, declaring the rates confiscatory. Now, after securing the consent of the companies to a modification of the originalschedule of basic rates the Board discovers that in the application of therates the companies have added thebasic rate, 'adopted additional exposure charges, which never before hadbeen added, and the effect of the basicrates" reduction had been nullified.Kentucky is said to be the only Siatein which such a Board has succeededin going as far with rate regulation asto get a schedule adopted and accepted; but as far as reducing the cost ofinsurance to consumers it has accomplished nothing unless the new orderjust issued, which specifies exastlyfor what conditions exposure chargesshall be added to the basic rate canbe enforced.The Board lias , gone back twentyfive years and ascertained the percentage of losses to premiums in althe cities and towns for each five-yearperiod during that time, has classifiedthe town according to the .extent oftheir fire protection epuipment, estimated the expense to the companiesof getting business, which eats upquite 40 per cen."of tfie premiums,aia attempted to adjust rates so" as toleave a margin of profits on th business. - ' "REDUGTI0NSON ALLREADY-TO-WEARGARMENTSFor Summer Wear,FRANK 5ca!iMH444i!rwi.rKilllHllinimiJ1llJIIIIHIIiniUlltH41ItWMHiIllJiHi viiimuiujtiii: ll'H XOTM4lWmmwBwMc9KnV1-' -Kentuckyi9, yC "'v" UC .sfct Itmmmta aijj! " ry;'-r "THE ' BOURBOWNEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY,. SEPTEMBER 16, 1913?JX.- -JUfA4FROLICING FILM FUNFAST tf FURIOUSCLEVER-COMIC-CARTOONSAND AMUSING ANTICSBY LYMAN H.HOWE'S STAFF &CAMERA MEN AND ARTISTStATO KEEP YOUTHand beauty to prevent wrinkles and "crow'sfeet" and deep black circles under the eyesnnf-.l-nr.'r is n.n o-nnrl as.jk WMmim fuesceiftion.rrrriTTTrrrraTHOHwl fl flylHIflihsHBr m a T r t ciranio if -fair trinl fr7 Knn;r,1iTnQ- those distressing: uains oif1 1drains on one's vitality. This prescription of Dr. Pierce's regulates all thewomanly functions. It eradicates and destroys "Female Complaints" andweaknesses, that make women miserable and old before their time. Every girlneeds it before womanhood. Every mother needs it. It is an invigorating tonicfor the female system. All medicine dealers have sold it with satisfaction, tocustomers for the past 40 years. It is now obtainable in liquid or tablet formatdrag stores or send 50 one-cent stamps for trial box, to R.V. Pierce, Buffakx,!DS. PIERCE'S PliHASAWT PE2XETSregulate and invigorate stoiaach, liver and bowels.Sugar coated, ticj eaaies, easy to take as candy.SKVC 5- aE3?aT3HE3IHfiHlHfi23ESZL9BBHMBJBEKSHlHHHHIIHHHHHIHll''Ja'Ii31,Iwviz3Bourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 Street- , nwWe Take Pleasure.in "oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry lino. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and ibdever goes bBck on its repu-.tation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatee LBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.:feasmM wi&mxmnmMSfariKri M-aainWMmg&V II ii JW 7?iHHgBKAg&kWM ?ftAte2Sr ,f Wlii 'f"pj? matDoubly Glad is the Man Who Smokes7JU, Sf'fLuAMs ' &.Xdfrm9StM.Glad to smoke this pure old Virginia andNorth Carolina bright leaf with its naturalnbacco taste. Aged and stemmed and thenv -Milated. Tucks quickly in the pipe rollsiv-untoacigarette-"" WEthvac sacjk a 00 cigarette papersFREtt . f ' iAnd smoke'rs are glad to get the free present coupons enclosed in each 5c sack. TheseCoupons are good for a great variety of pleasing' articles cameras, talking machines, balls,skates, safety razors, china, furniture, toiletarticles, etc. Many things t&at wm aengni,i &r0Tr-r As a specill offer, ive will Send OUT tiewiUInstated catalog of these presents FREE.1 Just send us your name and address on a posvu. a"" .T offer expires December31, 1913. In every,sack of Liggett Sf MyersDuke's Mixture is oneand a half ounces ofsnlendid tobacco and afree present coupon.Coupons from Duke' tMixturt mayt,. ttnrifd zvith tacs from HOKaLSHOrJ.T..flNSliY'SNATURALlo GRANGER TWIST, and cou-coupon). PICK PLUG CUT, PIEDMONT CIGARETTES. CUX CIGARETTES, and other tags or couponsissued by us.Premium Dept.lHS1 1 i iiI1iiiI3iThe aniMated gflrtoons that havebeen presented by Lyman H. Howeon each of his more recent engagements in this city, have inspiredmany quaries, "How Is it done?" TheVemark has often been heard "Iwonder how they do it?" while thesequaint and amusing cartoons wereconvulsing the audience with laughter. They afford an illustration of thefact that amazement and amusementare closely allied. These cartoonsare only one of the many distinctivefeatures by -which Howe's exhibitionis always so pleasantly rememberedbut it is a feature as important as itis exclusive. They cannot be seen atother exhibitions because Mr. Howereserves them strictly for his own use,and evidently other film producersfind them too difficult of executionand too costly to manufacture. Atall events, Howe claims that althougheach of several of the "regular" travel and spectacular features on histhese snappy, lively "trick"picturesyet none is more expensive thanthese snappy, lively trick" pictureswhich so cleverly burlesque the 'Serious, topical, industrial and naturalhistory subjects presented. Theyleaven the entire exhibition with arollicking and wholesome comedywhich the most jaded theatre-soer'finds simply irresistible. The amusing antics of these cartoons are folI lowed as intensely by the audience asany ovcuco jl uic iijusl sciiimg nature. Thereby they prove howkeenly "a little nonsense now andthen is relished by the best of men."The legion of "Howe travelers"who always find these whimsicalcartoona so delightful and refreshingmay be surprised to know that theirproduction requires not only rare skillin designing the figures but also infinite patience in directing their move- Jments. When an artist draws a j..i20fcManot Facts About Fuel! IIf you-have been'a housekeeper any length I'of time you have probably tried different kindsof COAL. And after all kinds of experiences and complaints you know there is justone kind of FUEL that gives absolute satisfaction always, that : is FoxjIRidgeCoal. Remember you cannot order , tooearly to avoid, the high priees.Dodson & DentonThe Home ofGood CoalYards, South Main St. . Both Phonesf140finished when he hands it in to theeditor. Not sd with the artist-crea-1tors of ii0WG's animated cartoons.The drawing of the figures is only thefirst step and the easiest in theprocess." It is only the beginning ofweeks of painstaking labor of themost exacting and nerve-racking kindin the making of only one short stripof film, possibly no more than 30 feetin length. Directing the movementsof the figures is a task that requiresconsummate skill, judgment, originality, a fine sense of humor and the unfailing patience of Job.Among quite a few of these animated Cartoons included in the program to be presented at the ParisGrand tonight, Mr. Howe promisestwo of the most amusing subjectsthat have ever been produced in hisstudios. One of these depicts thestrange and kaleidoscopic adventuresof tourists making the descent of theGrand Canyon of Arizona on muleback. Things happen and happenvery fast. The burros have certainideas of their own. They proceed tocarry them into effect and their"stunts" would make the wildestflights of tancy seem tame by comparison with any exploits recorded inGulliver's travels or the ArabianNights. When "the cow jumped overthe moon," it was dead lame comparedto these Grand Canyon burros. However, in another subject, entitled "ABase Ball Game," dire cartoonist haslet his humor and imagination runriot, resulting in an avalanche of fun.It is "some game." Tt reaches abovethe earth so that a fWld glass is necessary to locate the playersand sometimse under the eartn. The pitcherdelivers not merely curvesv but parabolas, concentric circles and othergeometric figures usually recorded iregeometries. His exploits make the,(Continued on page ff). i7(&x5ofe&QS&ASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland TelJk ephone works for him. He will reply:1. Sells My Products s . 4. Protects the Home2. Gets Best Prices k5. Helps the Housewife3. flBrings Supplies 6. Increases Profitsfisfe itf. Pays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booklet. . 'For information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated.t mmUTOIMTO-DAY.-!'kt-Paris Grand, Tuesday, September 1 6tAT'u'sssssr i&eSt. Louis, Mo. Mr-fjMTiiMnP wrm HOPl AND 1 II niA'kl TYPES' DANCESwmn - i i ii wm 108. upirai. Ji?Corner Sevenfcfr ancfi MQp;0ts.3Li ,nWCOSTLY TREATMENT.. - I1 wm troubled with, constipation 'm.A indigestion and spent hundredsi dollars for medicine and treatnt," writes C. H. Hines, of Whitlow,Ark. "I went to a St Louis hospital, jalso to a hospital in New Orleans, butmo cure was effected. On returningkome I began using Chamberlain'sTablets, and worked right along. , 1used them for gone time and am nowall right" SoW by all dealers.After any Sicknessor Operationdoctors prescribe SCOTT'SEMULSION it contains theyR1 elements nature cravesto repair waste, create purebloo and buiWlv physical strength.N Alcohol or OpiateScott fcBOWHe. BtoolieMAN. J. 12-23cainiA'MNAVAvJO IIIIIMI INDUSTRIESTHRILLING RESCUES ' FROMAN' OCEAN GREYHOUNDCUIDIAIDErrisrirn dashed on the rocksOnirVYlA t W I t U TORN BY RAGING SEAS.s&SPEEDING BY HYDRO -AEROPLANEMmI il S r -VWlL-SmSX'! .A MILE HIGHSOVER PARISYACHTJNGOFF MONTE CARLOAOJMDE.RSOF MARINE. LIFEMANY OTHEF9&'ffiSSSE.vvvrr.4iBi1ir-mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmJfrvi . IllDry Goods, Ladies' and Misses' Skirts, Waists. Shoej." and.A fitMillinery, SlightlySoiJed, Bi$r Bargains.f-?' if- PRICES, 25c, 35c, 50c-M, wSeats on Sale.atMitcKcH Blakernoe'Mk t1 9 Jm M1" M I ljIt is not only lightning-proof but fire-proof andstorm-proof, too.CORTRIGHT METAL SHINGLESlast as long as the building &ndneveri!e!c; repairJust the thing for town or country buildings, becausc-theymeet every condition dt 3comfwf, beauty ai!a-5ecuritvfe-O- A i-Lt.1:i. Bert & tlpvkinMUlersb f- "-' ' . , i -M"J1-. -CJ-.o-.IHh BOURBON NEWS..PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1913.. . ( KfrA""i:HP11M$85,000MS1SH PURSES EjSKENTUCKY T. H.OCT. 6 TOAVQ AH3A36 130 BPsjmiLLL -P0 'psanjL9 pq 'iBpnojflTheAmericanAddingMachineThe Latest AdderCosts But $J5See our exhibit ask for10 days' trialHere is a new price on a competent Adder. On a machine thatis rapid, full size and infallibleThe very latest machine, builtby men who know how, in one "of the largest metal-working shopsIt is an individual Adder, to beplaced on one's desk, close to one'sfcoks and papers. To take theplace of the central machine, requiring skilled operators.The price is due to utter simpMcity, and to our enormous output. Seven keys do all the work.Each copied number isshown up for checking before the addition is made.The machine will add, subtract and multiply. With veryslight practice anyone cancompute a hundred figures aminute. And the machinenever makes mistakes.Countless offices, large andsmall, are getting from thesemachines the highest class ofservice.NameCityStateManufactured andAMERICAN CAN COMPANY, CHICAGOSold by Joseph Candiuto Co., Lexington, Ky.TiPans OdorlessMen's and Ladies' Suits Cleaned,Pressed and Repaired.Ladies' Serge White Suits and Fancy Silks' our specialty.AH Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats CleanecU andReblocke1 to your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up ET. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25cfVGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAJ, DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMEDBOTH 'PHOlffES DAY 13?; NIGHT 299.litf-B. ASSOCIATION18, 19133MVJLS OIQ V" " 'JflD N0131ISV3 000 ' grades this season, -due to the short-'3XVJLS NOITIVJLS JIHSNOHWVHD OOS'OI age f grass-. . Kentucky horses made a grandYINVATASNVHX 000 S $ show at the Indianapolis Horse Show- 'iwj TTV-"iinJ-1mJ nnn'C this week as indicated by the followdJVd 11V QUd daad WW b $ ing dispatch from that city:hP-e Axiamnj maum rams K1' ZTTZlH1D TIVH IflNTVM. 000'C $ tucky's best, with Chester Peavine") r -,.,-. nrx ,,tmt . u AAA. j third. All are Kentucky bred ani-l AXittlLLim U1U BVdA UALL WWi uHwi llJwm-l - Vi llr ill 'Now we make this offer so thatoffices everywhere may lear whatthis machine means to them.1 0 Days' TestWe will gladly place in anyoffice one American Adder for aThere will be no obligation,ten-days' test,and charges will be prepaid.Combpare it with any non-lister-eventhe costliest. Let anyone use it. See if any machinecan serve better than this.J,ust send us this coupon andwe'll send the machine.Please sendus an American Adding Machine for ten days' free trial."' '!Street Address S-f. -.jJIj..Xt.vA-Guaranteed byCleaning Co. mSTOCK ID FARM NOTESI by' the Department of Agriculture," isMistakes of .bankers in filling out; more discouraging than that of Aug.blanks listing securities for loans of j 1. The hoped-for rains came only inGovernment crop-moving funds have I scattered spots, and now, Commissiondelayed the work and only $5,000,000 i er of Agriculture J. W. Newman saysof the S50.000.000 offered has been disltributed.Mr. William H. Whaley, Jr.,bought 500 head of catle in LouisvilleTuesday and has had a few of thenishipped to Paris, but most of them tomarkets outside of the State. Theprice paid was not made known.The Winchester Democrat says:"James Crawford, of Ford, claims tobe the champion beet raiser of thecounty. IJe brought in today onethat measured 15 inches in circumference and weighed four pounds. It issolid to the core and is a variety recently perfected by Mr. Crawford."A loss of 321.000.000 bushels inthe estimated production of corn inAugust, which, with a deterioration of300,000,000 for July, makes 621,000,000ioss for the season, was indicated inthe Government crop report. Theyield is placed at 2,351,00,000 bushels.An increase of 4.3 per cent, in thecondition of spring wheat makes thewheat crop estimate 754,000,000 bushels or 6,00,00 above the record yield of i1901CARLISLE COURT Mondaywas county court day in Carlisle.Only a small crowd was in attendance. Many horses and mules wereon the market. This is attributed tothe scarcity of grass and feed. Theprices offered for horses were verylow, ranging from $50 to $75. Mule notin demand, and lo wprices were offered 'for them, prices ranging from $25t.n $7K. The miiles are of inferiorimals. Nancv Garland, a graduate ofMat Cohen's stable, which he soldlast fall to Miss Long, won Jjoth thethree gaited and combination classes,Billy Shropshire, of Winchester,getting second in both with Nazimova,owned by the Undulata Stock Farm,at Shelby ville, and Scandal,, owned byClarence Kerr, getting third. HazelDawn and Jack Barrymore, owned byMatlack and Shropshire, of Winchester, furnished the sensation in thesaddle mare and gelding' classes inthe State Fair horse show, Shropshirewinning both events with ease."State of Ohio, City of ToledoLucas CountyFrank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm of F.J. Cheney & Co , doing business in theCity of Toledo, County and Stateaforesaid, and that said fifm will paythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each and every case ofCatarrh that cannot be cured by theuse of HALL'S CATARRH CURE.FRANK J. CHENEYSworn to before me and subscribedin my presence, this 6th day of December, A. D., 1886.(Seal) A. W. GLEASON,Notary Public.Hall's Catarhh Cure is taken internally and acts directly upon theblood and mucous surfaces of the system. Send for testimonials, free.Sold by all druggists, 75 c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (Sept)THE CIRCUS THE THING.The Big Sautelle Shows, combinedwith menagerie and hippodrome,which will exhibit in Paris, MondaySept. 22, has four distinctive and important departments circus! menagerie, hippodrome and Wild 'West. Descriptions of these will be given intheir places. Chiefest of these, perhaps, is the circus. Back to Nero'sdays the circus dates. That finickystrenuous monarch originated feats in"the ring," as well as "sports of thearena, wmen were nrst cousins tothe former.He it was that inducted barebackriding though it is probable thatthey used "pads" in those days. Hecertainly was the father of chariotracing. These he enhanced in interest by utilizing Christians as humantorches at times.With the Sig. Sautelle Nine BigShows are several of the most skillful, graceful and daring barebackriders of this or any other age. Chiefest is Oscar Lowande. This intrepidartist is the very Centaur of riders.His astounding feats on bridlelesshorses are the acme of daring andrecklessness. Also the poetry ofgraceful motion.His somersaulting from the back ofone to the back of a horse in therear, stands alone as the star horsefeature of the century. The act is arare coriibination of daring, skill andagility.. Also calculation. The miss-ijig of a single inch in such evolutionwould mean death or maiming. Onescarcely wonders why the announcerdemands perfect quiet under, canvasj.whjle this great feat is being performed.DON'T LET BABY SUFFER WITHECZEMA AND SKIN ERUPTIONSBabies need a perfect skin-covering.Skin eruptions cause them notonly intense suffering, but hinder thegrowth. Dr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment can be relied on for relief andpermanent cure of suffering babieswhose skin eruptions have made theirlives miserable. "Our baby was afflicted with a breaking out of the'skinall over the face and scalp. Doctorsand skin specialists failed to help.We tried Dr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment and were overjoyed to see thebaby completely cured before one boxwas used," writes Mrs. Strubler, Dubuque, 'Iowa. AIL druggists, or bymail, 5.0c. (Sept)1 PFEIFFER ,CHEMICAL COMPANY,CROP CONDITIONS INKENTUCKY DlSCOURAqiN&The SeDtember croD reDort issuedit is too late for corn and tobacco.Pastures are burning up, water isscarce, stock -has deteriorated andfruits of all kinds are below the' average in quality and quantity.The report is as follows:"The general condition of crops inKentucky as of September 1st isauything but encouraging. On Aug. 1an estimate was made by the variouscrop reporters in the State with thehope that rain would fall. Scatteredrains did fall during the latter part ofAugust, but they were either not sufficient or not soon enough to makethe first of September estimate of thecrops even as high as the estimate ofAugust 1."Corn has dropped to a condition of58.4 per cent., which means but littlemore than half a crop. Burley tobacco still remains at 65 per cent., butdark tobacco has dropped to a conditions of 54 per cent. Alfalfa is 70 percent, cow peas 84 per cent, and soybeans 72 per cent, of an average crop.The spring-sown clover shows an av-erase condition of 63 per cent. Theleguminous crops have held their ownbetter than any other crop during thedrouth. Bluegrass is given at 60 percent., orchard grass at 62 per cent.,pastures as a whole are very inferior."Live stock has suffered very materially on account of short pasturesand scarcity of water. The conditionof horses is given at 90 per cent., cattle 83 per cent., and sheep 92 per cent.The condition of poultry has likewise declined. Chickens are given at92 per cent., turkeys 80 per cent., andducks 85 per cent."All kinds of fruits have deteriorated. Apples are small, many dropping from the trees, atid their condition is shown as 67 per cent , peaches74 per cent., plums 58 per cent., andpears 58 per cent. Garden conditionsare deplorable, dropping to 44 percent."Abundant rain falls would not helpanything as far as this year's crop is,concerned. The corn crop wouldgrow worse instead of better shouldabundant rains fall now; tne same istrue of tobacco. The danger in thecuring period for corn and tobacco isin having an excessive amount ofmoisture. Rains now would onlyhave a tendency to spoil what is leftof these two crops. Moisture is needed very badly for fall seeding, andwould benefit next year's crop in thisrespect. Good rains would improvefall pastures. Water for stock is a serious problem in many localities andmany fires are reported as the resultof the dry weather. A match droppedin pastures in thecondition in whiclithey are at present is almost likedropping a spark in a powder magazine. The water supply in many ofthe towns in the State has given out,and fire losses as a result of thedrouth are bound to be great."One hundred and fifteen estimatesof the cost of growing an acre of corrf'show a average estimate of $13.95.Last month's estimate of the cost ofgrowing an acre of wheat was $10.16.It is interesting to note that the general opinion is that it costs $3.79 jmore to grow an acre of corn thanan acre of wheat. Last year's cornproduction in Kentucky was 30.4 bushels per acre. Tht present reportwould indicate a yield of about 18'bushels per acre for this year. Cropswould have to bring about 77 centsper bushel on the average, based onthis estimate of $13.95, to pay the actual cost of production."MASONS TO CELEBRATETHE 125TH ANNIVERSARYThe one hundred and twenty-fifth(iniversary of the introduction ofFreemasonry into Kentucky and thevWest" is to be celebrated in Lexington November 17. Lexington LodgeNo. 1 was chartered by the GrandLodge of Virginia on that day a century and aquarter ago, and tour otherlodges were established by the sameauthority before the dawn of the ninetenth century. Upon invitation ofLexington Lodge it is expected thatViese old lodges, or their succesors,will gather on that day and attemptto show the Bluegrass by word anddeed the original intent and purposeof the pioneer Masons.Another Mrs. Malaprop.No, she wouldn't listen to reason,"said Mrs. Twickembury. "She was ina most indicative mood." ChristianRegister.DO YOU FEAR CONSUMPTION?No matter how chronic your coughor how severe your throat or lungailment is, Dr. King's New Discoverywill surely help you; it may save yourlife. Stillman Green, of Malichite,Col., writes: "Two doctors said that Ihad consumption and could not livetwo years. I used Dr. King's New Discovery and am alive and well." Yourmoney refunded if 'it fails to benefityou. The best home remedy forcolds, coughs, throat and lungtroubles. Price 50 cents, and $1.00.Guaranteed by L. Oberdorfer and W.T. Brooks. (Sept)Slight Correction.Pourthbell "Your cook has beenwith you for a long time, has shenot?" Brownstone "We have beenwith her for five years." Puck.DESPONDENCYiJs often caused by indigestion andconstipation, and quickly disappearswhen Chamberlain's Tablets 'are talcen. For sale by all dealers.(Sept) ySAFEST LAXATIVE FOR WOMEN.Nearly every woman needs a goodlaxative. Dr. King's New Life Pillsare good because they are prompt,safe, and do not cause pain. Mrs. M,C. Dunlap, of Leadill, Tenn., says:"Dr. King's New Life Pills helped mytroubles greatly." vPrice 25c. Recommended by Lr Oberdorfer and W. T.It Always Helpssays Mrs. Sylvania Woods, of Clifton Mills, Ky., inwriting of her experience with Cardui, the woman'stonic. She says further: "Before I began to useCardui, my back and head would hurt so bad, Ithought the pain would kill me. 1 was hardly ableto do any of my housework. After taking three bottles,of Cardui, I began to feel like a new woman. I soongained 35 pounds, and now, I do all my housework,as well as run a big water mill.I wish every suffering woman would giveCARDUIThe Woman's Tonica trial. I still use Cardui when I feel a little bad,and it always does me good."Headache, backache, side ache, nervousness,tired, worn-out feelings, etc., are sure signs of womanly trouble. Signs that you need Cardui, the woman'stonic. You cannot make a mistake in trying Carduifor your trouble. It has been helping weak, ailingwomen for more than fifty years.Get a Bottle Today!193 IMJISJIMJIMJIMJIAJIMJIMJIMJIBI (ft) MlTwin Bros.' Department Store701-703 Main Street, Corner SeventhSee Our Window For$12.50, $15.00 and $18.00 SuitsReduced to.y$9.98These Suits are in the latest styles and colors and areexcellent values. Take a look at them. We also have a.full line of Shoes, Hats, Caps, Shirts and everything thMen and Boys wear.TWIN BROS., CLOTHINGL. Wollstein, Propri or.Special Rates &' Excursions.Eucursion to Cincinnati, Ohio,and returnSunday, Sept 2K$1.50 ROUND TRIPThis train leaves Paris at 7:50 a.m., arriving Cincinnati 10:30 a.m., returning leaves Fourth St.station, Cincinnati, at 7 p. m.Tickets good on specialtrainionly.fa . BfeLow round-trip Summer iourist tickets to all Summer resortsin the North and Northwest onsale May 15 to Sept. 30. Finallimit date 31, 1913, with liberalstop-over privileges.For further information, callon or address. &.W. H. HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, T. A.PILES! PILES! PILES!WILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENTWill cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching Piles.It absorbs the tumors, allays itching at once,acts as a poultice, gives instant relief.Por sale by all druggists, mail 50c and 1.00. jWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky."Roxie" Davis !Cbe Insurance AgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies.' Give Old "Nub", a Call.14DEP'1Curtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS. - 3Expert BarbersPolite Attention " '!Hot and Cold jBaths at AMHoursiNo Long Waits.A Share of the PdMic Pat1ronage Solicited.Sew Barber ShopWindsor Hotel.-iModern Equipment, "Polite" Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDSpecial Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther Notice '.&We pay 12 l-2c for green ,'beef hides. Callus'upor bring it to "our $lace.MAX MUNICKt8th Street,PARI?, Vfvfl.t,uuiB, mu. i-iiiiducipuid, ra.Brooks.Call East Tenn. Phone 3T4(Sept)1'- -3&rKf, U' ,' - 'WY-:r4A3: tt:?tuTjA ",1tT,2 Helios l:db . . . . -.-' '--'JTHE BOURBOJT NEWS, PARIS, KY SEPTEMBER ,16, 1913 --W ;v..'fhThe Bourbon NewsEitablished Feb. 1, 188LSTHEATRGflL.WIFT'CHAMP, - Editor andPublisherHntered at the Paris Kentucky Postoffice as Mail Matter of the SecondGlass.)Satered at Postofficf it Paris, Ky.as mail mattei yf l-e 2Cond claslatablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationIPmblished Every Tuesday and FridayCOLUMBIA THEATRE.To-day at the Columbia a tworeel Reliance picture, "Success," willbe shown. Farrest Hastings powerful drama taken from the specialBroadway productioh, featuring Irving Cummings, Irene Hunt, AlanHale, Vivian Prescott and Gus Seigmann. See this picture and you willappreciate what "Success" means tous all and then what failure meansto our unfortunate brethren.Funnicus and his Mother-in-Law, aMutual film is a good comedy picture.Mr. Percy Reed, baritone singer, issun nere m tne spot lightbetter than ever before.MEDICALSOCVETY TO MEETv TONIGHT AT COURT HOUSEne Year $2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Pavable in Advance' ADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, l.uu perinch for first time ; 50 cents per inchaeh subsequent insertion.Beading notices. 10 cents per lineeh issue; reading" notices in blackiype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,tutuaries and resolutions, and similar matt er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertispsients and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space a newspaper's stock intrad sour of revenue.ASKED TO NAME DELEGATESTO AMERICAN ROAD CONGRESSMayor J. T. Hinton, pf Paris, hasfeeen requested by the Hon. LoganWaller, Page, President of the American Road Congress and Director ofthe United States Office of PublicHods, to name three delegates to attend the sessions of the Congress atDetroit during the week of September 29 as the representatives of thetity.Twenty-eight great organizationsire taking part in the Congress uniter the leadership of the AmericanHighway Association and the American, Automobile Association. In hisletter to the Mayor, President Pagejealls attention to the fact tha practically every State highway commissioner will be present and take part indiscussing the important problems ofroad construction and maintenance,and that some of the foremost men inpublic life will devote their attentionto- the .great question of national aidto road improvement in an endeavorto work out a policy which may besubmitted to the Congress of theTnited States with the support of therganized road movement of America.The Secretary of Agriculture, Hon.avid F. Houston, will be the spokesman of the national administration atthe Congress. An important movebearing upon State legislation will beade at the session to be held undertfee auspices of the American Bar Association, at which steps will be takentoward the formation of an official inkier-statecommission for codifying-and simplifying State road laws.President Page calls attention toifie exhibits to he made- by the UnitedStates Government, the States, anduearly a hundred of the leading manufacturers of the Congress which willsingingSPLENDID BOOKINGS FORPARIS OPERA HOUSE.The Paris Grand has booked someof the best attractions on the roadror tne Jfaris Opera House. Although the bookings for the entireseason are by no means completethe list of shows which will be seenin Paris this season are among thebest productions on the road, as theParis Grand is booking with Klaw &Erlanger and Shuberts, the largesttheatrical agencies in the UnitedStates. The people of this city canfeel assured that they will see anumber of attractions here which willplay the New Ben Ali Theatre inLexington. The Shuberts and Klaw& Erlanger sent several of their bestattractions to this city last seasonand there was a better class ofshows at the opera house than hadbeen seen in thisc ity in several yearsThe list below and in the order named are by no means the way thatthe attractions will follow each other:Lyman Howe's Pictures."The Soul Kiss.""The Divorce Question," return"Little Women.""Bought and Paid For.""Wyatt & Lenai-e, musical comedy. "Mult & Jeff.""Mary's Lamb." f"The White Slave.""Little Miss Brown.""Quo Vadis," original -.pictures.This great picture is at Keith's Theatre, for the week."Ready Money."Within the Law.""The Wolf." . ""Fisk O'Hara.""Office 666.'"The Fire Fly."John W. Vogle's Minstrels."When. Bunty Pulls the String."Edison Talking Pictures.Ellery's Great Band."The Trail of Lonesome Pine."The Empire Stock Company.Many other important bookings willbe announced later.Plants Use Poison as Protection.Many plants use poison as a meansof protection. The sun spurge has apoisonous juice which kills any insects which approach ijt, while thepoibonous properties of the deadlynightshade are well known. The'bracken fern has such a bitter tastethat cows and sheep feeding vnear itwin uut tuucn it, ana tiie leaves oftne buttercunThe Bourbon County Medical Society will hold "a meeting tonight atthe court house. Following is theprogram:"The-jMassie Memorial Hospital"(a) How 'Can We Help It? (bO Governing Staff; (c) Report on OperatingFurnishings; (d) - Training Schooland Colored Ward.Admission and Examination ofWard Patients" C. G. Daugherty. -"General Discussion."Operative Technic" W. C. Ussery. v"Report of Cases"Organization and Future Meetings.Program September 18.Thursday, Sept. 18 Regular quarterly meeting of the Bourbon CountyMedical Society. Program as follows: v8 p. m., Court house Hook Wormand Other Sanitary Work Dr. LillianH. South, State Bacteriologist, Stereopticon Lecture.Dr. South will"be accompanied bythe State Secretary and hopes to havea full attendance.Program, October 9.Thursday, October 9 KentuckyMidland Society Meeting 10 a. m.,Bourbon County Court Room.Program will be mailed by-Secretary.Inspection of Massie MemorialHospital.Dinner at Stout's Cafe at 1 p. m.MATRIMONIALWeary Listener."You can't answer my arguments,"triumphantly exclaimed the man of aggressive loquacity. "No," replied thesarcastic person; "I haven't a chance.I can't stay awake long enough."THIRTY-SIXVACANT LOTSCHANGE HANDS' Mr. J. W. Bacon recently sold to DrD. S. Henry, his undivided one-half interest in 36 vacant lots, located inRosedale Addition to Paris, at a private price. Messrs. Henry & Baconbought the pioperty together, andlater subdivided it into town lots. Theoriginal tract contained about 12acres.PAYNTER-PADGETT. ,The marriage of Miss JenniePaynter, of Paris, and Mr. ThomasPadgett, of Ruddles Mills, wasquietly'solemnized at Falmouth Thursday afternoon, Rev. Alexander officiating.They were accompanied to Falmouthby Mr. and Mrs. JoseRh Faris," ofPans.The bride is the attractive daughterof Mr. Thomas Paynter, of Paris, andis an accomplished and popular youngwoman.JMr. Padgett is a well-known andsubstantial young business mri ofRuddles Mills, and is a deserving andindustrious gentlepan.After ashort wedding trip Mr. andMrs. Padgett will return to RuddlesMills to reside.JACOBY-SQU1RES.Mr. and Mrs. Lyle Jacoby ' announce the engagement of their daughter, Miss Willie Lou, to Mr. JamesAnson Squires. The announcementcomes as quite a surprise to theirmany friends in Bourbon and elsewhere. Miss Jacoby is one of Bourbon's most popular young ladies, andwill be greatly missed in the socialcirclesMr. Squires is a popular ybungfarmer of Little Rock precinct, andis connected with the Burley LooseLeaf Warehouse Company, of Carlisle. The wedding will take place inthe late" fall.OFFUTT-FERGUSON.Mr. -and Mrs. Reuben Ford Offutt,of Georgetown, announce the engagement of their daughter, Sue Ford, toMr. William Kenney Ferguson , ofthis city. The marriage will be abeautiful event of the early fall. Theannouncement is of much interesthere, where both young people areprominently connected and are verypopular.The bridges the only daughter ofthe home and a lovely representativeof a prominent old family. She isone of Kentucky's most charming andattractive girls, a social favorite andmuch admired here.Mr. Ferguson is a son of Mr. JamesFerguson, and a member of one'" ofBourbon's most prominent families.He is prominent socially and wellknown throughout the Bluegrass, andis highly esteemed.IOTEHrI' ISrbHLD'S ?' I.STOMACH' SOUR, SICK,XIt Cross, JFeyefisIj, Constipated, Give .' "California Syr-up or Figs." ISTOCK AND FARM NOTESMr. Whitney Ross, of CvhthianL.Don't scold your fretful, peevish ' purchased lafct week from Mr. John. JLchild. See if tongue is-coated; this is ' Bellof Bourbon, thirty-seven head $Ua sure sign its little stomach, 'liver I cattle at 6 cents. The cattle were,and bowels are clogged up with sour shipped from this city to the Cincm-waste.."nati market.ftJWhen'listless, pale, feverish, full ofriVT' 'Sri .vi.u.,1- c7. "'pi year-old' stallion for the price of $300mSP'Za in a few hours allthe foui hLsl J "J? Em?ra,a?S.Tomoe T1 TtTorlo -nf YTnrt-cold, breath bad, throat sore, doesnt coimTr recently sold to 7eat, sleep or act naturally; has stom- S2JJ2 If S af2l l- Jnh. Indication. diarrhoea. rfvP Tate f Ten?essee, a handsome twp-waste, the sour bile and fermentingfood passes out of the bowels andyouxhave a well and playful childagain. Children love this harmless"fruit laxative", and mother can resteasy after giving it, because it neverfails to make their little, "insides"clean and sweet.Ke,ep it handy, Mother! A littlegiven today saves asick child- to-morrow,but get the genuine. Ask yourdruggist for a 50-cent bottle of "California Syrup of Figs," which has directions for babies children of all agesand for grown-ups plainly on the bottle. Remember there are counterfeits sold here, so surely look and seethat yours is made by the "CaliforniaFig Syrup Company." Hand backwith contempt any other fig syrup.dam Emma Wade, by Bourbon Chiel.967, and has been placed in the hands,of Arrington Johnson for development.To Cure Headache.For a nervous headache allow "waim.water to run on your wrist, and apply hot cloths at the back of yqurneck. If very severe, use mustardsplasters on the back of the neck and.temples.ySEED BARLEY. - -Ckoice seed' barley for sale. Phonesi84. R. B. HTJTCHCRAFT.(ltsep-3wk)iiLet Us Show YouIchave a bitter t.isfp.which is much disliked by nlant-Paf-. ,..x- i . TIng animals.illustrate every nuuwu iucliiuu, iuaie-1 - -rial, and equipment for road construe- . J,lion and maintenance. He urges the j RRirt'cnDity and county to be represented, as ' brick FOR SALE. ,the Congress is in reality a training - Ix n.tt:n muiureu oia DriCK. als,nschool where a very great amount of iuseful information can be obtained jthrough attendance at lectures, in-)spection of exhibits, conferences withleading specialists in road and street iwork, and the collecting of the manyinstructive bulletins and documentswhich will be available for distribution. Th headquarters of the Congressare in the Colorado Building, Washington, D. C, in charge of J. E. Penxybacker, General Secretary.eighty running feet of rock curbing.Must be removed at once. Call eitherphone No. 41. 2tREPORT THAT WINCHESTERWILL GET L. & N. SHOPSALL TAILORING WORKIS GUARANTEEDCleaning and pressing, repairing,altering, and in fact anything in hetailoring line. All work guaranteed toeet Tvith satisfaction. The only shopja town having an expert tailor ineaaige. To get the best results in alllasses of work, give us a call.LUTHER COLLINSI rear of Paris Billiard Hall, West(tf Cor. Main and 4th Sts.IF MEALS HIT BACKAND STOMACH SOURSPape's Diapepsin" Ends StomachMisery, Indigestion in 5 Minutes.tIf what you just ate is souring onyour stomach or lies like a lump of2ead, refusing to digest, or you belchgas and eructate sour, undigestedfood, or have a feeling of dizziness,keartburn, fullness, nausea, bad tastein mouth and stomach headache, youan get blessed relief in five minutes.Ask your pharmacist to show youhe formula, plainly printed on thesefty-cent cases of Pape's Diapepsin,then you will understand why dys' peptic troubles of all kinds must go,and why they relieve sour, out-of-or-4&rstomachs or indigestion in fiveminutes. "Pape's Diapepsin" is harmless; tastes like candy, though eachioee will digest and prepare for assimilation into the blood all the foodyou eat; besides, it makes you go to-the table with a healthy appetite; butwhat will please you most, is that youwill feel that your stomach and intestine are clean and fresh, and you willmot need to resort to laxatives orliver pills for biliousness or constipation. This city will have many "Pape'siapepsin" cranks, as some peoplewill call them, but you will be enthu--fcurticabout this splendid stomachjpceparation, too, if you ever take itfor indigestion, gases, heartburn, sour--es,dyspepsia, or any stomach misery. Get "some now, this minute, and rid3rorslf of stomach trouble and indi-lEMtfoa la. five minutes.The Winchester Sun sees a greatday in store for that city, and publishes a report that our sister city isabout- to acquire the Louisville &Nashville shops located in this city.According to the story the equipmentin Paris is to be moved to that citvprovoded, however, an abundat supply of water can be& ecured by pipingfrom the Kentucky river. Railroadofficials in this city know nothing ofthe proposed change, and it is morethan likely that the report emanatedirom the same source as a number ofothers have, regarding the moving ofthe yards from Paris and makingWinchester a terminal.The L. & N. during the past two orthree years has spent upwards of aquarter of a million dollars in theconstruction of the yards in the southend of the city, and at present thereis a large force of men engaged inmaking other improvements lookingtoward the building of additionaltracks to accommodate the vastamount of freight the road is nowhandling.A number of houses in Claysvillefacing on the railroad were recentlytaken over by the Company by tradeor purchase to provide for the additional track room which during theheavy season will be absolutely necessary. The Sun's story in part is asfollows:"That Winchester will be the sitefor the L. & ?. shops and that awholesale grocery company with aquarter of a million dollars will soonplaced here was the information givenout Saturday by a Winchester manwho asked that his name be withheldfrom publication. ,"The informant declared that prominent L. & N.officials had told him inconfidence that the shops woulcU beplaced here and that the only obstaclewhich prevented Winchester from being an ideal location is the lack of anabundant water supply. The railroadofficials said that there would be nodoubt whatever about moving thewater company would extend" its lineserwat company would extend its linesto the Kentucky river."If the shops were moved from Paris to this city it wouldjnean an increase of perhaps 5,000 people in Winchester within a very few years.Much profitable employment would ialso be furnished and the city woulda New Way toEasier, Quicker and fein .. M ! fjjetier Vieaningy- We want all ourfriends to know thenew way. Hun-' dreds of our cus-, . tomers know now.! "We want all toknow it. Let ussend you anOfeM0Pon two days' trial, at ourrisk. If it isn't satisfactory -in every way,if you do not think it the. greatest help to betterhousekeeping you ever,- knew, simply return itIf you want it, and ware sure you will, thrprice is only $1.50.II SL7 II AnleRu.fl- t iin htj m' m W J Wm k ftliiirytI BmmaSt:(DAUGHERTYj lie greatly stimulated in its growth?'WE WILL WELCOME"OU IN OUR BANKcjyo c& c$3 cjpffiKF ; . ' f -Fall Eashion Week Sept. 29th to Oct 4thOur Gathering of New Fall -Apparel is Indeed Alluring.No woman with the true Fashion-instinct for beautywill be able to resist the appeal of this collection of newFall Suits, Coats, Dresses, etc. The charm and becomingness of styles, the elegance and aristocratic appearance ofthe various garments and their irreproachably high qualityform a combination vthat cannot fail to galvanize yourattention.These lovely .Suits, Coats, Dresses, etc., "come fromthe country's style-centers from the hands of America'smost famous designers and makers. Many are exact replicas of original Paris fashions; all are extremely beautiful whether they were designed in America or in Paris.This gathering really amounts to a complete review oftire new Fall styles, for it embraces every new fashion thathas been Approved by the country's fashion critics. Comenowto Wolf, Wile & Co. s if you wish to view the mostbrilliant style exposition in Lexington.What the New Suits Are LikeImported three-piece models are here, as well as everypopular style that is produced in this country and sanctioned by the fashion authorities. Every wanted fabricis represented', in a full range of colors. The coats aremostly three-quarter length, cut-away in front. Skirts areall narrow in effect, some of them showing uplifted drapery at f r,ont. sr$20.00 to $75.00Be Sure to See the New Wool Dressesr " Their styles are charming, and for general wear, nofiner dresses could be had. Every one is made in an attractive model some quite plain, others elaborate. Allare worthy of the highest praise.$8.50 ta $25.00Waists to Match the New SuitsOur assortment of waists is very large, and emphasizes every new style, color and design. You will -findhere waists that will exactly match your Fall Suit. Thestyle-range and diversity of prices is so broad that you caneasily be.satished.$2,98 to $15.00.Silk Dresses Are Exceptionally LovelyDesigners have surpassed their previous efforts inproducing silk dresses that are lovely to behold and comfortable to wear. The, range of silks is broad, and comprises the plain shades, as well as many gorgeous colorcombinations. "All of the best styles are represented in,our display.$15.00 to $50.00foWCo.Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexi ngto n , Ky .:--MMMtlMftSmHtMHMflWhenever you are thinking money or bank, think OURBANK. Our business is MONEY; YOUR MONEY isBUSINESS. We-welcome anyone in our bask and alwayshave time to listen and advise. If you need a bank consultus. What' would you do without a progressive bank in yourcommunity ? Your first duty to yourself, is -to have MONEYIN THE BANK. It is a faithful friend., Make OUR bank YOUR bank . ' 'We pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.Capital, $100,000.00.J. M. 1-iAt-L.. President,Surplus, $40,000.00.c. K. THOMAS. Cashier.iBourbon College .For Young- LadiesOpensTuesday September gthPrimary, Preparatory and Collegiate Departments.Twelve in Faculty. All Specialists. 'Music"J Art and Expression Unusually Strong.vi!ItBourbon College is situated on one of the highestpoints in the City of Paris. Large and beautiful campus.Building fitted up with all modern cpnveniencies andequipments.For Annual, address,Mrs. M. G. Thomson, Principal,. Paris, Kentuckym7.4kIi-,.WTfc'"?SttSSttL'ivot... '-r.sjes tM- r9-y rft'&8?- i'..V.r-V',.'.1Hi A i u infteahadSatoaaaif...-. -.A.i'iH Sj!bEj fivfy.thej Bourbon news, parisky,, September 16, 1913zIr,9--1r-y1jWtMeJHAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADENOTICE.City tax lists for theyear 1913 are now inmy hands for collection, at my office atIhe Deposit Bank.C. K. THOMAS,City Collector.U. D. C. MEET SATURDAY.The TJ. D. C.-will meet Saturday at2 p m. at their room at 'the courthouse. This will he the first meetingf the year. All are requested to hepresent.FOR SALE.New line of comforts, hlahkets, counterpanes. Save you money.J. T. HINTON.L. & N. PAY CARWILL ARRIVE TODAYThe L. & N. pay car will arrive to3ay, and the monthly salaries will bedistributed among the numerous emji( yes in this city.LEASES HOTEL.Mr. Mason Talbott, formerly of thisaunty, has leased the, Wellington Hotl, in Georgetown, and has takencharge and is conducting one of thebest houses in Central Kentucky. Mr.aad Mrs. Talbott invite all Bourbonpeople to make -the Wellington theirheadquarters when in Georgetown. -FOR SALE OR TRADE.Three acres of land in the edge of-Paris, for sale cheap. Will take firstclass upright piano, or gentle drivingmare in on trade. Ea&y terms. Calleither phone No. 41. . 16-3tMOTORCYCLISTS MAKE SUNDAYTRIP TO HIGH 3RIDGEA merry party left Paris Sundaymorning on mptorcycles for HighBridge. In the party were MissesJessie Denton, Marian Lynch, Messrs.Bouglas- Thomas, F. Friendberg,Mitchell Jackson and Mr. and Mrs. P.L. Jameson.Insure your Tobacc againstFire and Lightning w ith' McCIure' & Cfendenin.ACCEPTS POSITION AS TEACHERAT WEST LIBERTY.Miss Edith Stiver, Paris, left Saturday for West Liberty, Ky., whereshe has accepted a pocition as teacher in the High School at that place.Miss Stivers is a graduate of the ParisHigh School, and was a member ofthe graduating class of 1913 at Kentucky State University. yFINE FRUITS.Concord Grapes and fine Californiaicuits of all kinds. Stop 111 and looktkenu over. 'I2-2t x . JAS. E. CRAVEN.'JUNIOR COUNCIL TO GIVE, BOX SUPPER TONIGHTBourbon Council, No. 127, JuniorOrder United Mechanics, will give abox supper at their rooms over H. M.Collins' store to-ight at 8 o'clock.Everybody invited. The ladies arerequested to bring a box. Refreshments free to all. .YOU WILL BE PLEASED.Get shoe satisfaction(18-tf)by traing atFELD'S.VERDICT FOR $19,011GIVEN WIDOW ANDCHILDRENIn the case of Ms. Addie Kelly andhildren against the Chesapeake &Ohio railroad for $32,000 damages forthe killing of b.er husband, the jury inthe Montgomery Circuit Court awarded the plaintiffs $19,011. The casetried at the last t'erm and a verdict.given the plaintiffs . for $18,000, butthis was set aside. The railroad willuppeal-the case.SPECIALI am offering some veryBfices on Wilton and WiltonspecialVelvetTiigs.41 Not many left.Olt) , J. T. HINTON.FOR PICKLING.. Pickling Vinegar, spices, white onions and cauliflower for pickling.C. P. COOK & CO.WILL PROLONG STAY.' Mr. A. R. Johns, the expert photogrper, who came here early in thesummer for a few weeks' stay at Nor-Man's studio, will on account of , the"istmens amount of work on hand,e compelled 0 prolong his stay untilfcfter Christmas. Those who desirework done should have their sittingeMade at once, as the work will befinished in the order they are filed.ae-tf)NOW'SjTHE TIME.rL4t)f'0W, ORuVvourv wall ioapefnow. Youwvt&Ye big. money by doing so. -SOCIAL AND PERSONALMrs. Harry Stamler-is visiting inCincinnati. ' ,Mrs. Percy -Heury, of Louisville,js visiting in this city. "Miss Willie T. Summers was a visitor in Lexington, Friday.Mr. Elbridge Snapp left yesterday for Louisville to attend the StateFair.Mr. Charles Wilmoth, of Fra Cengeles, Col., is here on a visit to relatives. Mrs. W. T. Brooks is in Harrodsburg at the bedside of her father, whois quite ill.Mrs. Harry Clay is visiting hersister, Mrs. Sam Willis, in Clarkcounty. , 'Mr. Clay Ward left Sunday forExeter, Canada, where he will attendcollege.Mrs. Pigg is the guest of herdaughter, Mrs. J. C. Lancaster, inLexington.Mrs. Amos Slicer, of Chicago, 111..arrived Sunday for a visit to relativesin this city.Miss Anna Hibler has returnedhome after a visit to relatives inBarbourville.Mr. and Mrs. Grant Buchanan, ofCinnicnnati were guests of relatives inthis city Sunday.Miss Hazel Cottingham has returned home after several weeks tripin the North.Mr. and Mrs. Walter Martin willleave today for Louisville to attendthe State Fair.Mrs. Davis Weeks will leave in afew -days for a protracted visit withrelatives in Texas.Mr. John I. Farris, of Columbus,O., is here on a visit to his parents,Mr. and Mrs. Jos. Farris.Mrs. J. R. Thompson, of Covington, is visiting Mr. and Mrs. A. ' P.Thompson, on Stoner avenue.Miss Helen Hutchcraft left lastnight for Boston, Mass., to resumeher studies at Wellesley College.Mr. John Mansfield has returnedto his home "in Scott ycounfy after avisit to his siter, Mrs. T. T. Templin.. Mrs. James H. Thompson returned Friday night after a visit of twoweeks with Mrs. A. J. Carroll, in Massachusetts. 'Mrs. Withers Davis is visitingher parents, Mr. and Mrs. E. S. Jouettat the Weissinger-Gaulbert apartmentsin Louisville.Mrs. C. C. Robbins returned to herhome in Winchester Sunday after avisit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J.W. Bramblett.Miss Marian McCullough , ofLouisville, who has been the guest ofMiss Madeline Huddleston, returnedto her home yesterday.Miss Nell Crutcher2 who attendedthe opening 'of the Kentucky Collegefor Women at Danville last week, returned home yesterday.Mr. James H. Thompson, Jr., willleave to-day for Asheville, N. C,whereh e will matriculate at theAsheville School for Boys.e Miss Aradelle Rion has resumedher position at W. Ed. Tucker's store,after a short vacation with her sisiter,I Mrs. R. L. Whaley, in Covington.! Mr. John Price, who was broughthome from Danville Thursday snffering with inflanfrnatory rheumatism,is improving at his home on Vinestreet.Prof, and Mrs. Homer Wilsonentertained the members of the Christian Endeavor Society, Friday evening at their beautiful new home onSixteenth street.Mrs. Nellie Highland, Mrs. Hattie Casey and Mr. and Mrs. J. A.Milligan have returned from a visitwith Mr. and Mrs. E. O. Sparks, atVersailles.Mrs. John Yerkes and little son,Billy, left Saturday for Nashville,Tenn., where Mr. Yerkes is engagedin business, and will make that citytheir future home.Mr. Durand Whipple, of LittleRock, Ark., is the guest of his familyhere who have been ' spending thesummer with Hon. and Mrs. E. M.Dickson. They will retnrn to theirhome the last of this week.Mr. Milton C. Browning, of Cleveland, O., arrived Saturday to join hiswife, who has been the -guest forabout two weeks of Mr. and Mrs. B.A. Frank and Mr. and Mrs. R. E.Frank.Miss Anna Vanmeter left Saturcday for her home in Danville, after avisit with relatves in Paris. She wasaccompanied by Miss Elizabeth Yer-j keys who will enter the Kentucky College tor women, at uanviue.The Rittenhouse Ranch at Swango Springs has for the past two1 weeks been pretty lively. The guestsfrom Paris were Mrs. Maria Lyons,Annie Kelly, Mr. Lloyd Ashurst, Mr.Thos. Roche, Mr. Ed. Slattery, Mrs.Lee Stephenson and her guest, MissSarah Maddox, of Eminence, Mrs.Mary Stipp, Clintonville, Mr. FrankBuchanan, Hutchison; Mrs. H. C.Hawkins, Miss Sallie Shanklin, Mayslick; Mrs. Dailey and daughter, MissAbbie Dailey, Miss Beatrice Perry,Mr. Collins, Mr. Dilson, Mr. W.v I.Robbins, of Lexington; Mr. J. C. Beatty, of Muir; Mr. and Mrs. Jolly andMr. Spencer, of Fairview.Miss Marion Cram entertainedFriday afternoon at her home on Walker avenue, with a college shower forMiss Clara Chambers, who will leavenext week for college. The idea wasunique and the pretty party was enjoyed by a number of former schoolmates of this popular young lady whowas a member of the High Schoolgraduating class of 1913. Ices andcakes were served and Miss Chamberswas the recipient of many useful andpretty gifts. Those who enjoyed theparty besides the guest of honor andthe charming hostess, were: MissesRuth Chambers, Grace McCord, Gertrude Slicer, Katherine Kinney, EdithHancock, Ruby M&ngunu Ellen HenryMary Leach, Mattie Baldwin, MissesButler, Wiard and Lynch, teachers inREV. J, S. SfMWS PREACHESLAST SERMON HERE.Rev. J. S. Simms, pastor of theParis Methodist church, preached hislast sermon t6 the congregation of hischurch Sunday night, and will leavethis morning for Somerset to attendthe Kentuckky Conference , whichmeets in that city. Rev. Simms hasbeen pastor of the local church forthe past two years.Mrs. Jesse Spratt and Miss Sallie Spratt, of this city, were guests'Sunday of Mr. Russell Spratt, in Cincinnati. "LEXINQTON,FallFashiontoWeek September, 29thOctober 4thEv'ery man and woman in CentralTTonHmlrv eVirmlrl coo 1iic crnln flic-play from the wide world of fashion,During fashion week all the shopwindows and stores of Lexxingtonwill be ablaze with the beauty of theseason's newest creations in everyline.Make your plans to visit Lexingtonduring FASHION WEEK, September29th to October 4th. It will profityou in many ways. 16-2tRUMOR THAT SLATTERYWILL GET COLLECTORSHIP.The Maysville Independent vsays:"It was rumored in this city Saturday that Hon. Thomas D. Slattery,the well known and popular lawydrand politician of this city will bethe next United States District Attoreny for Eastern District of Kentucky. "It is said that he has the endorsement of Senator Ollie James for theappointment."It is claimed, however, by thosewho received the information that nochange will be made until January 1,1914, and Edward P. Morrow, the incumbent, will remain until that time."Mr. Slattery is a brother of Mr. Ed.Slattery, of this city, and he hassuccess in his endeavor to landtheposition.SEED WHEAT AND RYE.Choice Fultz Seed Wheat, Northernand Home Grown Rye for sale. Call84 either phone.(10sep-3wks) R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.G. C. THOMPSON BUYSLARGE TRACT OF LANDAThe largest transaction in Bourboncounty land in recent months wasmade a few- days ago by William H.Whaley, Jr., an energetic and enterprising farmer and trader who sold419 aces of good land to George C.Thompson, of Paris, for a price in theneighborhood of $43,995, or an average of 105 per acre.The land is located on the Paris &Rudles Mills pike and includes about273 acres of the Freeman farm, theLarkin' place of 100 acres, and about41 acres of the Jno. T. KcJges farm.Each place is moderately well improved and the land is in a good stateof cultivation.This land was bought a few yearsago by Mr. Whaley at from $75 to$114 per acre. Possession will be given March 1, 1914.Play Best Exercise.The best kind of exercise is thekind that makes you forget that younre exercising in other words play,says a physician. It's a good schemeto have some more of less strenuousgame for a hobby golf or bowlingor-tennis or archery anything thatappeals to you and affords exercisewith interest. But this is not sayingthat systematic exercise is not a goodthing, too.Innocence and Knowledge.Innocence is what makes a girl ask"Why?" at the wrong moment.Knowledge ot the world is wliatmakes a girl ask "Why?" at the rightmoment. Tatler.Most of Them Do."So a genealogist is looking up thatpolitician's family tree." "I dare saythe kind his patron would preferwould be a plum tree." BaltimoreAmerican. . - -Heavy Penalty for carelessness.Afine of $5,000 for losing a lock ofhair' belonging to the Gorman poet,Goethe, was imposed on a St. Petersburg, Russia, lawyer recently. Thelock had been pawned with the lawyerfor $100 by its joint owners, the sisters Boehme, of Weimar, Germany,Goethe's birthplace.TO BE SOLD FOR STORAGE.Drojj Bead Singer, $20.Drop Bead White, $10.Box Top Singer, $5.627 Main Street,(16-3t) Paris, Ky.Jfersey Cows ForSale.Two pure bred Jersey cows forsale; also some pure bred SouthDown lambs. ApplyT. M. BUCKNER,North Middleown, Ky.16-3t " Cumberland phone 60.FOR SALEOne team horses, 2-year-old', sound,will work any place. Apply toJ. T. MATTOX,(16-3) at C. P. Cook's.Rams For Sale.Bstrayed from my place on theNorth Middletown pike, two largeSouthclown-rams with brown paint onhip. Call 391 or 468 Cumphone.DEATHS. DEJARNETT.Mr. Robert S. DeJarnett, aged 79years, a prominent citizen of Bourboncounty, died at the home of his daughter, Mrs. James Gray, in Taylorsville, in Spencer county, Friday morning. Mr. DeJarnett had suffered fromheart trouble for the past four years,andMiad been seriously ill for about aweekHis wife died about five years ago,and he is survived by six childrenMrs. Gearge Erion, of Bourbon county, Mrs. James Gray, of Taylorsville,Spencer county,Mrs. W. W. Sheley,?Chicago, Mrs. Ed. Shekell, Peru, 111.,John W. DeJarnett, of Paris, and Joep - DeJarnett. of Bourbon countyMr. DeJarnett was an ex-Confederate soldier and was a well known citizen, residing on the Bethlehem pike,near this city.The body was brought here forburial, arriving about 6 o'clock Saturday evening, and was, taken to thefamily residence, where the funeralwas held Sunday afternoon at threeo'clock, the services being conductedby Rev. Dr. B. F. Shive, The Confederate burial services was conducted atthe grave in the Paris cemetery by theConfederate veterans. The pall-bearers were B. F. Fryman, Frank Kiser,.M. F. Kenney, William Hinton, Forrest Letton and Brutus J. Wheat.NOTICE TO WATER CONSUMERS.Owing to the drouth in order tohave water for domestic use I amcompelled to forbid the use of waterfor sprinkling.PARIS WATER CONEWTON MITCHELL, Supt.PRIESTCONFESSES TOMURDER OF GIRL.The police solved New York's rivermurder mystery Sunday with the identification of the victim as Anna Aujnuller, a domestic, and the arrest ofthe Rev. Hans Schmidt, assistant rectro ofSt. Joseph's Roman Catholicchurch, ot New York, on the chargeof having slain her. Schmidt confessed the crime.Notice To Conractors.Bids will be received for the construction of the sewer system for theEastern portion of Paris accordingto plans of J. A. Stewart. Plans maybe seen at the offices of J. A. Stewart,1112 Traction Building, Cincinnati,O., or of the Mayor of Paris, Ky., or.of the State Board of Health, atBowling Green. Bids to be made asa whole and for separate portionsfrom the outlet to Vine street, toEastern end of Stoner Avenue andfrom Stoner Avenue to Winchesterstreet. Bids to be in the hands ofthe City Clerk by Sept. 24, 1913. Theright is reserved to reject any or allbids or to accept any separate portion. J. T. HINTON, Mayor.rJ. T.'s t7.,&,t.ij.'S. 1&m-Any-J. T. HINTONWood MantelsNew Fall Goods!- - Now Readf- JorYonrInspectionAfter a three-weeks' search of the New York andEastern markets, we are in a position to show you thelargest and best selected stock ever shown by us.See the beautiful new ideas inSilks, Dress Goods, Challies, Velvets, Corduroys, Dress Trimmings and Laces,Neckwear and many novel accesssories to make your Falloutfit complete.Ask to see our non-shrinkable flannels for waists,shirts, &c.We are agents for the following good lines HendersonCorsets, DeBevoise -Brassieres Wayne Knit Hosiery andEskay Kid Gloves.W. Ed Tucker.. & . . -r0 "W i'MINI1A . iViAWiv DMiMHMiiaiaHavyc .Mire; iiuw ivecuxy LU U11UW X JWThe Latest inFALL SHOES!Give us a Call and Look our Stock overBefore Going Elsewhere. Special Attention Given to Our Children's De-partment.Geo. Mc Williams,LPhones 301HINTONJust ReceivedA BigNew Line ofComforts BlanketsCounterpanesPrice You DesireFine AssortmentAnd Best of AllYou Save Moneyst-SAVES YOU MONEYi xUndertaking -I. v. .11Received iamJv 4-. UfNIlT V -VTR-S WThe Shoe ManII ivyt-Ambulance4Ii14--HCS . .1. 'I'. M1IX'J.J1N.4 J. JdLAL WJU.U'UK.U.TV.J-I.J " --, - V. -ryTi-prMiV'?.-v'N -j.the High School, were also present.!-jl ji;m yjT.t-mfcMWWCflBSWdK ! n25iafmrmwffffWffis'KKJob Printingmtrs 5aas "-jySBj "".diutitZiy oiiwfiajTKl'Mt .TiTVriF:ill f '''THE -BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, K NTUCKV SEPTEMBER 16. 1913.If ba ''r1ft' t Iw m m I 111n uruvUUINPjartmM.fltFALL.atornoo jfllnoOP.o'uiMjibAilVjil orlt (io nifio ,nosy"" L'ir-JJiA LmLUlo v.Junod ikmNlx,10 vJiinoJ oil J iIJIv oxr'---n HPoiJrviO 51Furniture, Carpets, Rugs, HeatingStoves, Ranges and Cook StovesCtNever Before Has Our Stock BeenSo Complete as this SeasonIn Our Comforts and Blanketsand Mattresses -We have been very careful in selecting for you this season, so that you canVsay that you got the best that is madeOne Car Load of Gas Ranges andHeaters will be here in a f ew daysand we invite you to come and look them over. We will take your oldStove or Range in part payment in exchangeSee Us Before You Buy Your Gas StoveThe Mission Flower Stand at 35cy:v While They LastA. F. Wheeler Furniture Co,::Main Street CHAS. GREEN, Mgr. Opp. Court HouseHere Is the HogLexington, Ky.BOURBON REMEDY CO.,Enclosed find photo of hog that waswed of cholera with your BourbonHog Cholera Remedy. This hog wasalmost dead before using the medicineand then was entirely cured, exceptlos of ears, tail, etc. The hog iswned by Mr. Skiles Ewing, of BawIng Green, Ky. He will be glad tosire you a testimonial, and we can geteveral more if you want them.JENKINS-SUBLETT DRUG CO.,Bowling Green, Ky.Aak Your Druggist for It,FOR SALE BY W. T. BROOKS.Notice to MerchantsOn and after this date I will not beresponsible for any accounts contractd by other persons in my name unlessacme ia made upon a written order,flfad by myself.W. M. GILLESPIE,Faris, Ky., Aug. 1, 1913.Emerson's Advice.Tfearc should be on every towerytchsrs set to observe and report ofnw ray of light, in what quar-oerer of heaven it should appear.thsir report should be eagerlyreverently received. Emerson.Ajthr Way to Prolong Life.TkM statement has been made thatstfe losld be prolonged if personaIf aeqjtyftl jfrjMpins; byinstead or oenaing tne oac.:(Continued from page 2).best efforts of your faavorite pitchersink into insignificance no matter whohe may be. J3o, too, with the otherplayers here engaged in our "nationnlgame." Their achievements are he- iroic beyond the wildest dream of themost ardent baseball "fan." However, whether you are a "fan"or not,doesn't matter in the least. The humor of the situations, the mock seriousness and grotesque antics of theplayers afford so much comedy thatthe entire game from start to finish isirresistably funny for everyone.YOUR OPPORTUNITY TOGO OUT WEST.From Sept. 25th' to October 10th inclusive, the Missouri Pacific offersvery low rates to the West and North'west. Through coaches, chair cars,and tourist sleeping cars. It will payyou to write at once for leaflet containing full information. Address J.A. Steltenkamp, G. A. P. D., 204 Traction Bldg., Cincinnati, O.Sheriff's Sale !BOURBON QUARTERLY COURT.NOTICE.I cost a great deal of money tolay sewer pipe-those of you who havethe privilege of sewer connectionswill so avai 1 themselves. There is,for you, no argument for a continuance of the cesspool and the vault.Do away with the filthy evils.A. H. KELLER,3sep-tf) Health Officer.FARMER VICTIM OFQUEER ACCIDENT.James Carey, a well known farmerliving in Mercer county, was the victim recently of a peculiar accident.Mr. Carey had bought an old whiskkybarrel to use for vinegar, and when hereached home he started to investigateto determine whether any whiskky had been left in the barrel.He lighted a matcn and stuck it inthe bung hole, when there was an explosion which not only wrecked thebarrel" and the wagon on which itCONSOLIDATED CAUSES.The Power'Grocery Co., - PlaintiffsVs.C. E. EndicottandWilliamson-Martin & Co.,Vs.C. E. Endicott, - - DefendantsPursuant to judgment and order ofsale entered in theabove styled causes,I will, onWednesday, October 1,1913,'beginning at 10 o'clock a. m., at thestore room on West Main and 20th1streets, expose to public sale the entirestock of goods, consisting ofDry Goods, Groceries andHardware JThe above sale will be made to satisfythe plaintiff's debt, interest and cost,amounting on day of sale to $359,75.TERMS Three months time, the purchaser to execute bond with approvedsurety, bearing 6 per cent, interest fromdate of sale, or the purchaser may paycash.A. S. THOMPSON,12-19-26 Sheriff Bourbon County.'JBiPiPj 1 jwNi ZVERY LOW RATESTO THE WEST.The Missouri Pacific is offeringvery low rates to California, Idaho,Nevada, Utah, Western Clorado, NewMexico, Western Texas, Arizona, Oregon and Washington. Tickets soldSeptember 25th to October 10th, inclusive. For complete informationregarding rates, through free chairand sleeping car service, address J.A. SteltemkftftfcJ-' &. Pr-B?,J2041 No matter whether the thermometerregisters 105 above or 25 below zero,Amalgamated Arc Roofingcan't be affected a particle.No matter the curves or valleys ofyour roof you need no tin to coverthem, for Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGis very pliable. It is the Perfect Roofing,ami uie insurance rate is no uigner manwhen slate or metal is used.We authorize our agents to refund the moneyif our Hoofing Is not perfectly satisfactory.AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO.Chicago, IllinoisSold by Millersburg Coal andLumbre Co.,Millersburg lKy.W. N. Barkley Mrs. W. N. BarkleyWoman's Exchange & Cafe112 N. Upper Street,Lexington, KentuckyHome-made Cakes, Breads, Pies, Candies, Croquetts, Salads, Pickles, ChowChow, Ftc, received fresh daily.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Supper; also lunches and short orders at allhours with the bestthe market affords.WHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;VCheap Work Done Good!-,ky?c.TRE J9B R0OffiS..OfTHEB0BRB0NNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such "as'BILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS, .CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat js printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.ifttrt 31,r. 3ttv.V . Jrt' Ti... S --s lf -VVLet us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest im-proved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and -see themwork.Our type is newand modernfaces.Cbe Bourbon news,104 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.fcUiiWiWUiUWikriS ibomgezgar hf-hi'e..rttiUinig-aitfiiB I TiMmS,SAmci3F?F6inojxoiIrr. rail!) i,i ,.. !t ".fUKyatiOQVf vfA",l l .j.JndjtDiil uM- s Xfal .' ' Ti ' V. .A. t - .im. s-r. -.:, f?rf.-, rc 'fVI HE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1913.i OF ANT EATERSouth African Animal That DigsHole and Disappears.nTruck Replaced ThreXSMMsm A J.M.JMonday, September 22H&S t .lA:Aard-Vark Has Only RudimentaryTeeth With Legs Like Those ofthe Kangaroo Specimens VeryHard to Secure.rail's "MfftT' Il-k.lt',- Jf i.4l..rr-'fo ,SCi13.' ' -'PARIS, KENTUCKYriX.HHHMIHiBK&KiBTIHBBBMSBBMm i n I 1 1 ' 1 1 1 1 rfrWSIWBMBMStfHWMi BBMH JjE!BH7SMiHAS5'Ait-f?-.T.iI1r2fS3 CIRCUSfey MENAGERIE .BREMEMBER THE DAY AND DATETENFOLD MORE FOR THE MONEYTHAN ANY OTHER SHOW ON EARTH.A REALIZATION OF THE CIRCUSTHE MOST EAffVEVT THE EARTH HIS KNOWN IN ANY CENTURY.A Multitudinous Overwhelming Indescribable crush of Amazing Gymastic,.Acrobatic, Spectacular, Aerial and Equestrian SENSATIONS,New York. Did you ever see anaard-vark? asks a writer in the NewYork World. Perhaps you know itbetter by its Latin name, orycteropus?No? They haven't got one in the zoological colection in Bronx park, nor,so far as the writer has been ableto learn, in any of the famous zoos ormenageries of the world. For theaard-vark is a delicate animal, according to Curator Ditmars, and not easilyacclimated. s"The aardtvarth was thought to be amyth until the Dutch and English began to settle Africa. It was first described by P. Kolbe in 1742 in an account of his travels in Cape Colony,but Button called in question his description. However, this is known tobe accurate.The Paris museum has just receivedan orycteropus, which it has hadstuffed and placed on exhibition.There are three species, and that inParis is the excessively rare Orycteropus Ethiopicus from the regions ofthe Blue Nile and Abyssinia, mecommonest species is that which isfound in eastern and southern Africaas far north as Angola. The thirdspecies is peculiar to Senegambia.The aard-vark belongs to the orderof Edentata, so called because itsmembers are either toothless or haveonly rudimentary or defective teeth.It is a cousin of the ant bears, thearmadilloes and the pangolins ofSouth America. It is about six feetlong, including the tail, and abouttwenty inches high. Its back isarched, its head long and ending ina snout like a pig's, only sharper andlonger. Its forelegs are short, its hindlegs much larger, like those of a kangaroo, and its tail is heavy and almostas long as its body. Its ears are longand erect, like an ass'. It has small.piggy eyes, a very thick skin, lik.eafLnie-'s. rnverfid with sDarsely scattered Ihair, and yellow all over. !" f,ifIts tonge is very long, extensive $always covered with a gummy, saUya.-,. X-.-J-- 4.1'iA' -V' Hf-lt proiruaes lroiu a iiiuulu, .tftfAiV'o'r un.tie more than a roundJftpJp,1(!L,5$ftvnnne animal has eieht'molars.au tneupper jaw and six In .tft&tf'pf hutthe adult has only five above andj fourbelow, and all of these are rudiamepj,,tary. "7., hUu,The Ethiopian species rliyes in thflrta3H. 1MB5SOTK5MBfKvJceiper,111)'tlijen-.yit- r& l-v. i- . . . ?b -vrFIn eleven months this three-ton KisselKar Truck covered in actual4,760 miles at a fuel cost of $1.08 pe(day?hnMa'nnedby a' driver and' oneit replaced three teams of horseV.yi TKeraveageJrdaily Burden Wal 37 1nst carried an average loadloFfduiWrii'-iohVtire period named, was laid up-dnlytwdhd onfe-half ,liotir$forJ repairs."We can recommend thKifeelKaYTryck aimssiJre0 feat ltives utb itsguarantee," writes Thomas EJ'FKiSBHfeif, m&&J&ei'M 9ifeSHfelJbiri!'Eime ffl4rks.Two and one-half wmim?tM a'reWfethyof notice. KisselKar Trucks mt lflftfe tt'MifilaWaecoWniicaV'W oWeate feicausethe problem is solved in KisselKar construction. .joiqotla idi i-n uo no1 J w fgjNote these striking KisselKar feajtures Simple engine easy to operaterr-ieaer.ve rowers I .excess cBVaAnty-ereHmmm&'6MWUUY MtiW'ti power M&slippery places, and j staltiutii ctajacH-ttfxjiD jdpffed7fransimw!ere,searediupil6arth spcjpermitting high spefed when desired :w"Uh.outr racing Qngine,il5 to.20npler,ceflt. lowest e'K !consumption than layerage truckfifeflt3 Vpiidg sitspiori f or power planfc?beaipri y SouociiDiuii iui- iuuu-ygaugu uiiau weigus ioau greatest accessioiiiuy easy conmoi iargeiuraise arums, ancs escra poweriui oraires special Docues designea to meet everyTneea.iIiM rm.rm1T1Br ri"BriMiii;i, iiOl! j.lniiJJJri,niTl 1j rMlJI'jtsseI MJVJF CWjhiwSb3 ehiykm - vt:1 500 lbs-1 -2-3-4 and 5 Tbn7In the range of capajdtyTTMlHDlfr2! RmcTjust the type that fills your-r v-'.JICE ?jl il. . T7-r it- m 1 n tj- irr ot -1 -l. - l"L .:We1taileietween manufacturer ailequirernenraancr wim xne issemjLrjJCUCik, &&: cmauufacturi1 gUat-JinteffBr 'SfnSf aWon. -4;rrJ rr h " ------ -- i t m . i m ---v 9 i a -- t -IKfeselKac't'iSii4iPft?iftli servicenbjaildaThe KisselKar.sserjvieeiisIEvice means takincr off our hanfisalLol Mie mechanieaCB r. . rj-.-fiT !f -1- rLT 5,. . rf-S i. txJL ii rr tLis minLaie kb inia eixyjor jney)gmeji't.i Jsasseijxac oihenbroaensive arrangementowners that cafrestforhe car, maintains efficiency,gtar-ds depreciatmniand minimizeskeep. This service' 'isa valuable consideration1 in tnebiirchase or 'a power wagon.AOUHgate it.AouInvesll-TheAsk us to- analyze your present horse hanlage ss AomrjarfiQktmotohulge.Hid b ySenkf Ksf ree''bd6k snowing KisselKar Trj.icks'in'actuaLiise in yourrline and many oth4ftiiiHes'of btisiftfess.1 I YH 2fMfif)VO ,2!IlUUUO. .f XJ. - ---- - v A .i" mmmVGiimpjoj.- .!.,. ,i iijo'ii H.ii io bought KisSeJffKgrTrucksr ..j,,-, i, tls. ..;..Iron, and Steel; Lumber,, Tex!te, MiliiirgT GibCery, Dry Goods, Dairy, Furniture, Fruit, Commission,,Jfer;,uy;'H6Yef'CaXe'iii.1B).-eery, Buildipgr Supplies, CpntVaQtin' JHumb'iiigi'jeanhingi'Oil.Tellaundry, Bakery, -'Oonfeatibnoxy, red,1 Coal, Farming, Hardware, Ice Cream, Creamery, Produce,M. A. CAHAL;Barber Shop. 'Hm6m s. .mr .1K-mi Yfthc'"Xit hvJ r,f fte Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important in thehome than clbar, steady light. Insurethis by getting the oil that burnsclear and clean -without a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Costs no more than the Infenprtankwagon oils saves MONEY savesWORK saves eyes.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Chas. C. Stoll Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "No Carb"Auto Oil.dpssprr. alwavs near ant hills. ID caSf tants are its ; pj'.'ln the jjcfylijaeitiWstays curled jP,(ana asieep in a uur-row -whinh' it rios'es behind' tit "it digs, fii i-jji i i -iiii liele rapidity and disap-rturtiMt.ifirrriSiaaataflta&xtomflM-tajKa .fTui;a hole reyen,with incrediblepears in a few moments, for the fourtoesftit'fraBtrfggkaTft-arme&.j)rapidly. Short Jenks is aicii., ori )u(i jjirieosiovrans: Lanes oxiDusincss navc,Kcccnciy;fo. r . i f fiArfi imm; i. ..-i .fkfrii r -. -- -- -TraephoCrocAVr matafi them to snittneedforMnV business111 M -Ali'U'j'tA ..0!l II 'illOjIoutsi m id iiOiMhud bl r0(J IJl'lJ ojIjTt (i''XI! l -51 3 West Main Street,ery, Undertaking'and to munaipalities in Fire, Health and Police departments) i:mhti'i m - Mm jo oo'jjfjJiPhone 21 05'. "!-'' Jzed i " i; u'o'ii. anir iii&VFWt&Ma'iiu hi'iitr f)izui' jo 3jo nvniim r:itniDfi'IBlMi. g- irtCisx 'I 7 J JXJNjJ-Lexington,JKI-HWB35Short Jenks' i hreats.ascKavjEaftriaaWJ-wai-;avs mreaieniuK w r .-iRrst-Class Workmen!folite and rrompc acc(to AH.1Hot and ColdWe Thank YouTtfrrSfTaTeYourisnonII13 hi'ef FARM LOiHii2S' j''PVEfent, $1,000 to $1W. KING & SON1253 Cheapslde.it behind itself in a great clouddust.AiTnight it 'emerges and goes outhuimpg for-.ant hills. As soon as Ithas found... one it makes sure that nodanger is-ilnebacing, then it lies downwith its snbtit against the ant hill,puts out ifsbngue as far as it canand waits.with ants,fUSaser. ThenWdraws in its tochew.th-ariand begins again.-Jtyte, e limida'tldsp. keen of earmm.t 'Mea.ev'eTyvMlnk sound. At.UIVlia4est aTa!nre a hole andburies'-itseir. it never auacKs nuything but insects, yet when attackeit defends itself with itsclaws in a way that makes it danger- simple to do if you will get a bottle ofTTotr'o TJTnfi. TTnnlfVi fnntr Viill -nni-inn. Sop its tongue is coidj gvn, caught like flies on sttcKypJ SW-ihtcrjgTve,'a"ritteii(, gpArantcBj-tutuQugjunf every one Knou s ne can l wnie.w- I MAtchison Glqbe.Nl if. mWli sity 3tr V ?. ILi' l.V v i!9'v feUK ii! VI H a J? ;2Li,:s asai s iJJSiiPos si M jk , v- u yiy im "Ki '-' aw ti m -C$lfl " i. . , . "' ' '3S) C2jCaSii,!"SJJ-,a J - --wacgsj? ,sgacggajPi:1-c& 'Bicete Owners:ur BicycleJ?powerful 'aia3 A? y- - VlWhy not Jaavebeautiful, dark, glossy,itural Mloredohju fuu of liyFOSP youraait yujjt Jrakingtmisous.When surp"wifiawd bywS 1e hunter it al-,f.nfr0iaasaitakes'. I. ( liders iha a BMe; "and'-irtakes -W figmgrip on the earth that if the huntertries to pull it forth & is alawst cetain to fail. WBURBBft-J 3i,inQNil3 . 7-a.M iIts flesh is hichl Drtzed In AfricaA -Varrs j-JLfiSbrinftto J. ELVQMpidJ& wfcurriralt a verv small cost aSid wiltfgsarantefeHis f oio'give satisf ac&dnJfloSB. n- jut i im IT mi imiimii. i i ii nutm'it - --. " 1 i T J.nava ensyaffea anexDert .mecnamc to oo ijnmrum -'Iti 5 :isorey ana w wtak V-a full line of all kindsRepairs andJSupplies.iL ZMmmtlbcSSSli:Lcxlnctohjwi f j 'j t jr. it jnr e a sj-k1 4mmm&mmpm-. t""'. mmr "v j. T" ? .'j'553ir5?B af W,I .K H a afc i i, "asv H . "BB!Bb9 HBIfflrei?&BfiXlfS Psmiscb fw .i- 'a,'-IIiif ar If i " TUMiK!:f fi rfIA3I0 171 OD lJV !1J !rftvtiXqv,tMlB&oute&il i B I nflJ WfiS. J?ri Is Easy to Hafce,. ..Natural( ,n nred ancleBJt. 1So many women have grey or fadedliair-r neglect it until it becomes thin,dry and lifeless, begins to fall out and--lakes them appear niucn 'oiaer jnatney reaiiy are. JL,4-Uei R1?1!this condition get aijMtjidj KlffiHnir Health todav. .ig&otJl 4,vti -tirsome one says how much older youlook. You'll be delighted at theresults from eyen one or two applications. The grey hairs gradually disappear and your hair will become fullof life and vitality. No one can tellorarwr. t.aurivjnDepositsYour Deposits Are GuaranteD TAKE NO RISRYou Are InterestedWrite Us S; 7rCi 5f: 1mchange after one or two appHcationahawMrfckmibe grfriLhetxrmsFvur W.V iK.ia inWv2OEKy, llijJ OIOKt'Hay's Hair Health will keep your In:Don't waste time, get a bottle today.Your tfrafiEfct3itfrT?9!l3ii aboreFHftr'eflHaiBJHPealm tHaSPffasC otners. tf?.aifeWlhe9 Mows ntthe mof satlsfacto! and it is said to taste like pork. It is we nicest ana cleanest to use anaI i.1.. J... m. T7f 'rf nTkinnf (TrOH f I . .. .. . rf m Vin me aavs ul jukvui-o auicnu toiw mim-wina- Hmiometc oi af cfi Vif a " m -. -- Mnnno KI Iness must have been a pet for ladies, itle of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.I)o5m At AO ijUU'TA YAu$ti) h tb 3(-3as on the tomb of Abd-el-Gournah of cake of Harfina Soap for 50c; or $1.00 fQf f SSGgthe nineteenth dynasty' mere is oouie or ilay s Hair Health and twoaifh an nrvntprnnns fnllnwinsr hp.r like I i rtoxrortnocevs nnnniit" " " v Jww. c , . UUUUUVIII -llJ Wl UUMIO'jM i I,pa-B?Kyp4 a 13-iJnl -v . nKlU i? F '4 M.JB W Ja dog.1 ' ' I B iiiiiwb waQl IT QKIRTS WRFP.K WFRVFSa jJT tAx!?j jRtsS xll"IU flv m& THP 5 St tf1 tj :..ti 41 k kn an k iv e nx a&va 4iSKmfh eisir-3aFf is ffl.su ni sajn 1 1 rcn. .ak i f m. AnUi.MJ iji ric m"i,thatbut aquicklhair dand thsfcare gpg it. lDp6TirtPRinH 1S lf Bfl'liPRP11WfMeWS0K. c - v rt E.U 12 3.12 xr-izsITK XIBSfc1 ! BCE iULLCCrlllifCKlfeN STATE BMuskogee, OklahotKatV 1 Jur icolfec&guiranteelsfactory or refund your money. Always ask" for Hay's Hair Health. Itnever fails.Free: Sign this adv. and take it to thefollowing druggists and get a 50c. bottle of Hay's Hair Health and a 25ccake of Harnna-Bf$ q400 W.bottle-cof Hay's Hair Heallhand two.SSc cake of Harfina, Soap Free,Lfor XI,Capital $100,000js J:1 .aidmnmuruHirm?IWCANCER CUREDI guarantee every case Idertake; 20 years practice,ecflcetny citizen of PartsJ$Q ukNrf.k. SMITH,etISliW Xft j-v. altBr g" uiou:ma iw$ K ingtwe-ucl si well! i8;B iHl'iml IS jovinK Jaisata" ' at, E51 bfGazing Youths, Says DoctorWalters.but euo'ii"He3 3i3flwPittsburgh, Pa. "In looking over mystatistics I find there has been a slightincrease' of nervous diseases amongyoungmen, and I suspect that theslasheaskirt has something to do withit," sATdvDr. E. R. Walters, director offcrtTfTv- anq Thm &r0,F"'i vmv.v.'TT x i..j V.4. V,..rr, i ueneve umi u iigth of the skirt alllisqhally, I have taken little no-e new skirt, for I am a home-,n ana careiui auoui niatteiaAKiO&Svous, tireel, wErfried ofmrspandftF it fts asur sign vod need MOTT'S NERVEK1NEPILLS. Thev renew the normal vigor andL UFSRJP'FG'0"-Mott's NerverineWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, Ohiontuclcy2 iwsssmmMrs. Albert H. Morehead has returned from her vacation and is eady4 IbiH AA3WTO jp:! Price $1.00 1 information apply to"" by iirueQisis I MOREHEAD :L. Oberdorfer. Druffsist. Paris. Ky...PUOffibi 10 rrfrnriA lo9-2t-pd606M FAVOiViinfAeeimnal PniulcilKR-,,2y10JMyrTl UWA,ixJB 9dmiSBfeLzzal r JF "" 1 HLOST COW.Wt&3& R4fiiiiti'Wo'iddffiiVethe rreterencer5Dr. Win. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUOffice 514 Main Street.jo not kngjfchy yo,should be so clgglsobserankles I have always judged womenbv their eyes. I have found it a muchbetter way; ankles are deceiving.The ladie seem to like slit sidrtsand I am for anythJnxJhatladieg. In that wayfijlit skirt may dopeople never ar sicpleasedien ():, htenartResidence36.136.E.T'?S34.) Home 334.3M10W JHOi TR.A. w KELLER,t&ceB,W&mM 4 aM 5, Ek5s.Bld g;nJrii sJL niniidV A Jfgrayed or stolen from ray place, atRuddles Mills, Monday night, Septemb 10, one muley Jersey cow. Liberal reward for her recovery or information leading thereto.CK SNAPP,2-Sk m RflWies Miiiw ivyd keep ycJpreventuse Har -hh?sWte satispfotiwe-innJnaiiixesLvic r-y amstooraaiiful naturalar,lmore tlme3&rAnbsEstraveffSPRrojiMiily placajun theorth mmigKvJjk pike, JfcflklargiSouthdown K"lMifK--JnnrrMgt'IT1'on Kin. Call 391 or 468 Cum. phone.J. HAL WOODFORDThe easiest wyouthful-looking,turning greyHealth. It giv;and a few appural color, gifaded hair anBandruff.vnnthful-lookingthinp else, contflbutes to aod looHay'snds ofcolored a:regretfbuyference it"KVa SiMinwinsr druraists and get a.HaVS iair xatwuu -HarfliiA SoP, for Wc.;Hay'a Hair newtaof HwfiH 3wtripe omkxeeir-ubt any?tiwi-keepiaAlossy; lktraYou'lflMTMTISHk JtliiW93.MTbSnlWmkerL. OBERDORFER, Uiupo.rwletiemriXoom 1 Mlts Bmndimc,i?-7'-ty4 iiTHE- BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 16, 113.-&ii &r ?-- ?ifV 5f1'IIIit Iv -atr. :- fiTko r ifctib Push ButtonSwitch at the Head of the Stairscertainly affords a sense of security not obtainable byany other means except perhaps a pull socket with itschain hanging within an arm's length of your pillow.This is one of the greatest advantages of a housewired for electric service. You can go to bed andsleep the sleep of the just without worrying in theleast as to what the unjust may or may not do aroundyour house in the "wee sma hours ayant the twal"when you are the sleepiest.Ask your neighbors about the way we wire housesor better still, ask us. We will be only too glad togive you the best work at the best terms.Paris Gas & Electric Co.IncorporatedHS OF BILLMla.Mr. John W. Mock continues verylow at this time.Mr. Chas. J. Fisher has gone- toEmery, Va, to enter college.Miss Mae Woods, of Maysville, isthe guest of Mrs. Robt. Wilson, Sr.Mr. S. J. Venable leaves todayfor Clarksville, Tenn., to enter college. Mrs Joe W. Mock was called toCarrs, Ky., to attend the funeral ofher amt.Miss Ollie Talcott opened herkindergarten school yesterday with agood attendance.Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Saunders andMr. and Mrs. Claude Vjmont visitedin Sharpsburg Sunday.Mr. T. W. Current and family andMiss Kizzie Mae McDaniel attendedthe Falmouth Fair Saturday.Mr. W. D. Mclntyre and familyhave returned home after spendingtwo wekks at Martinsville, Ind.Rev. Robert Wilson and wife, ofCalifornia, Ky., are visiting the latter's mother, Mrs. J. H. Mastin.Mr. John J. Hunter returned Saturday from Falmouth where he wasvery successful with a string of showhorses.Mr. W. G. Leer sold his farm of120 acres in Nicholas county, to Mrs.Wilson Royce, of Carlisle, at a private price.Protracted meeting commenced,at the Christian church last night andis being conducted by Eld. M. A. Cossaboom, of Indiana.Mrs. Mary E. Pepper returned toher home in Brackekn county in response to a telegram announcing thedeath of her sister, Mrs. A. H. Lytle.Miss Maggie Clark, mother andsister, Mrs. Hancock, arrived homeSaturday from a three weeks' visit torelatives at Irvine, Ky.fKENTUCKY'S-,GREATTDm-.C AT I PYlMfiTONOn Monday, October 6, the 'greatesttrotting meeing ever held will beginat Lexington and continue ten days,4ach day replete with sesational contests for the rich purses hung up bythe Kentucky Trotting Horse Breeders' Association. Ail of the trottingand pacing stars that have been winning on the Grand and Great Westerncircuits will be pitted against eachother, many of the most notable performers meeting, for the first time. Inaddition to these many trotters of thehighest class that have been saved forracing at the close of the season willbe started at Kentucky's Great Trotsfor the first time this year, and surprises are certain to be the order ofthe day.Although every day Arill, have itsthrills, the $3,000 Walnut Hall Cupand the $5,000 two-year-old Futurityon Monday, the first day, the $14,000Futurity for three-year-old -trotterssecond day, the great Free-for-allPace, $3,000, the third day, and the$5,000 Transylvania, for 2:08 trotters,annually "known as tlie championshipstake for all ages, carded for Thursday, the fourth day, it is predicted,will furnish the bitterest conests ofthe year, and no lover of a good raceshould miss any one of them. Advertisement in this issue. The KentuckyT. H. B. Association, Lexington, Ky.,j will furnish on application the list ofeligibles to its $85,000 program.t U 33Paris Book CompanycTHRS. C. D. WEBB, Prop.School Books and SchoolSupplies, Novelties, Etc.Ledgers, Journals, Pens, Inks, Etc. Magazines, Maps,Globes, in fact everything that's found at a Book Store.Picture Framing Our Leading"... Specialty ...WORK DONE WHEN PROMISEDPleasant News for Hubby.Young Wife (to older and seasickhusband) "Now, dear, just be as comfortable as you can, and don't worryabout me. I'm not lonesome. There'shalf a dozen men up on deck who'sbeen awfully nice to me. And such ajokeP They think I'm a widow!"Puck.Company for George.Bobbie, aged six, asked his mother:"You are not a liar, mamma, areyou?" "No, son, I never told a lie."Bobbie hesitated, but he was so proudof his mother he said: "Mother, youwon't be very lonesome when you goto heaven, 'cause you'll be with George"Washington."vBar to Ants.If one is housekeeping in the country and bothered by an attack of antsupon the bread box, take a commonpiece of chalk, such as children usefor writing on a blackboard, and drawa ring around the bread box with it.The same kind of chalk ring will keepthem out of closets where dresses .rehanging or away from shelves.And Minister Had to Smife.In order to neutralize the seriousness of marriage a bridegroom left anice, thickly wadded packet for theminister who officiated. "This," saidthe happy bridegroom, "is your fee,Doctor." The minister thanked himheartily and some time later on. opening the "fee" found it to be a bundleof wrapping paper skilfully folded andbearing this message: "Well, old boy,I'm married now, so don't wish meany hard luck, even if you are setback a little. Yours in a rush."Able to Identify the Excelsior.A Fort Scott woman was packing acut glass bowl for shipment and senther small son to the basement to getsome excelsior. "What's excelsior?"asked the boy. "Oh, hurry," repliedthe mother. "It's that stuff that lookslike hay." The boy's face brightened.""I know what it is, mother," he exclaimed, "it's that long sawdust."Kansas City Star.Much Money Spent for Samples.Some of the larger dry goods housesof this country are said to expend annually as much as $100,000 -in thepreparation of samples, which are sentto their patrons throughout the country from which to make selections ofstock. .-.fW.11mThere's a world of satisfaction in buyingUneeda Biscuitbecause you know you willget what you want sodacrackers that are oven-fresh,crisp, clean, appetizing andnourishing. 'Uneeda Biscuit are always ttniformin quality they arealways alikein crispness, in flavor they aresoda crackers you can dependupon. And all because UneedaBiscuit are uncommon soda crackers packed in an uncommon wayFive cents everywhere in themoisture-proof package.NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANYSugar.Almost all the sugar in the worldcomes from two sources the sugarcane and the sugar beet. There isalso maple sugar, sugar made fromthe sap of date palms and from driedfruits. But the sugar we use in hugequantities, the loaf sugar, the granulated and the powdered, comes fromthe cane or the beet. Fifty years agosugar was more or less of a luxury.Today it .is a necessity.Words Have Become Corrupted.Such names asJ3wea"ring and Gambling show how the original meaninghas become corrupted. Swearing isfrom sweor, which comes from theAnglo-Saxon wjord meaning "honorable." Gambling comes from gaming,which comes from a Norse word signifying "old descent."Task of Separation.How important loom the thousandand one things that fill the daily liferyet how trivial is the bulk of them!To separate the realities from the unrealities, the significant from thetrifling and non-essential that surelyis the first step to self-knowledge, theone and only royal road to self-conquest.Collier's Weekly.VDecision Reserved. $' An English seamstress, says l the'Manchester Guardian, who was help-ing to make some costumes for &Browning pageant, was asked if shehad ever read any of the poe "No,"she replied, "I've never read any ofthat sort of stuff; not Browning, norShakespeare neither. But then, youknow," she added, "my mother hasher own opinion about Shakespeare."Proper View of Competition.If all men could see competition asit really is, and not magnify and distort it in their imaginations, the samecompetition would be better, thesame work would be easier and thesame men would be happier.FRESHcI,,,. ,.,,. .. , I9G(asawmnm&mamBmmxmmmmmmiiimmmmKm9im H--I feffii D 1 1 V Mil 111 - : --c3 mi fm - Kill rail lUf - tS :' iJlL Our Final Reductions on All . J1fRyQ$ SUMMER ' &mkYzziFOOTWEAR I"3m wMelons on Ice CantaloupesString BeansFresh Tomatoes " Sweet PeasEvergreen CornPeaches Cucumbers SquashA11 Fresh and NiceBoiled and Minced HamOffers YOU NOW the greatest opportunity of the Season for the purchase of YOUR FOOTWEAR SUPPLY for the family.aswe do in GREAT QUANTITIES we are able to offer YOU BEST QUALITYREDUCTION IN PRICES.. BuyingSHOES at a GREATEXTRAORDI NARYtht we are now receiving daily foriWe are now offering somePCOTWEARVALUES IN LATEST STYLE PALLMEN, WOMEN and CHILDREN.U is TO YOUR ADVANTAGE TO TRADE AT OUR STORE, where Courteous andReliable Dealing jlfjijred. ' . '4Sole Agents for famousVk iK- r rRrix . X &E Jr- mrntm m W mm ,WHKeller Grocery CompanyWIND-INSURANCE-sFire andty --I 1 ;rf .. r 1mm .. a.fil fi?W , I 1ivll4t1lt1Afl . IJi "i " 4 rtW r 'S I y III II IllyI iLiM Wmt .OHH i 1 u do fi nUuUlulll sEI -JS,. j -rr r ..... '"" ' -. .'-"- - ,. - 0 - -l w !-' JH "K Ifci run,,,,! .I..., k.iJS1. ' s ' ' r ftl'l j-ErsrypBiuM"Pi"&'PARIS, KY., SEPTEMBER 16, 1913.CONTENTSS3Cover Design "Helios"Bragdon & WadlandroutINKS& fdivect fromWihe iVVUl.ve maiteENVELOPESin all sies,shapes andfkshionsComnn ereialan d Ofrioia L.(fiigli gradeM?droeersBags,'MillinerBags, foldingHat Bojces,DOoa ceo Bagsfbr scrajpToooaeco andraper.eciafies.7(?kU.S. PAPERGOODS CO.221-235 W. PEARL ST.CINCINNATIOHIO, U.S.A.Editorial ---------Injecting Progress into a Great City W. C. Culkins"A Barbecue and an Awakening" - -"ASon of Dixie" A. Bart Horton -"SpringHill, The Home Beautiful" -AgriculturalDepartment Thompson R. BryantPAGE235- 68EDITORIALAS their forefathers farmed. This tersely describes the lives ofmany farmers today. They are following the traditions andmethods taught by their fathers. The methods that prevailedthen were probably the best that were known at that time. As thesoil was almost virgin, the immediate results of the great damagethat was being done to it were not noticeable. There has been oneconclusion of absolute certainty reached, and that is the fact thatthere must be as much put back into the soil as is taken out of it.For years the majority of farmers' sons have migrated citywards.There were probably many reasons for this, but, undoubtedly, thechief reason was the fact that each year they saw the farm growpoorer, and gradually they began to form the impression that therewas little, if any, future there for them; there was naught for thembut toil from early morning until late night, and but little of interestin the eternal grind. How different this could be were the farmer tosend his boys to the farming college or if they were not old enough,to take up the study themselves, to experiment and to watch theresults. This would have a natural tendency to create an interest inthe farm life. The percentage of boys that leave the farm would bematerially decreased if they saw more abundant crops each year, andadvancing prosperity all around. Discuss farm matters with yourboy, take him into your confidence, assist him to acquire scientificknowledge, let him make some experiments himself, and you willsoon see a wonderful change come over your farm life. Farm withsomething besides physical labor, farm with brains. Acquire knowledge of scientific methods, and your physical labor will be materiallyreduced. This knowledge is proffered to you for the asking, yourState College and the United States Government are willing andeager to assist you.There are few more beautiful places in the universe than "SpringHill", the Kentucky home of Mr. Johnson N. Camden, which is illustrated in this issue of the monthly Magazine Section. While WestVirginia was the birthplace of Mr. Camden, Kentucky has become hishome by adoption, and no citizen of that State has done more, if asmuch, to advance her interests. Her uplift is his constant aim andher progress his life work.Many letters have been received by the publishers of the monthlyMagazine Section, speaking in the very highest praise of its first issue.This has been a source of great gratification, and in a measure rewards them for their efforts to give their readers a good, clean cutmagazine section, and one that is out of the ordinary run of suchpublications, educational, yet interesting.The City of Magnificent OpportunityCAN GETEVERYTHIKQiillm IN If1 ff IMNMTI IOpportunity for shipping because of its splendid rail and waterfacilities.Opportunity for manufacturing because of its central location andshipping facilities.Opportunity for a home because of its beautiful hilltops and suburbs.These Opportunities are for YouH. D. ROOSEN CO.BROOKLYN, N. Y.ColorsLithographicandPrinting InksPerfected ProductsEstablished StandardsModerate PricesWe Specialize inBlack Printing Inksfor Country Newspapers that willprint a dense jetblack and dry outbrilliantPut up in100 lb. Kegsat 7Mc430 lb. Barrelsat 7cF. O. B. DestinationH. D. ROOSEN COPRINTING INKMANUFACTURERS78-84 Twentieth St.BROOKLYN, N. Y.THE MONTHLY MAGAZINEInjecting Progress Into a Great CityThe Revival of CincinnatiCINCINNATI'S renaissance is the most interesting feature of municipal development in America. It is comparativelyeasy for a new city to establish itself with modern ideas while making- for itself a position anda name, but it is doubtful if any municipalitywith such long established institutions and deeprooted traditions has ever made such rapidstrides, or achieved so much in a few years asthis Queen City of the West. With age andprestige supported by unquestioned financialstability and commercial integrity, the citizenship has fallen into a selfsatisfied complacency,which, for many years somewhat retarded progress in its broadest conception. This, however,was not without value since it provided a substantial foundation for the newer ideals to restupon.Foreigners complain of the similarity and lackof individuality of our American cities. This isnot true of Cincinnati, for even the casual visitorwho views the green clad hills rising above thelower basin crowned with institutions of art andlearning, must carry away with him the impression that here natural beauty is conserved andculture and education has found an abiding place.From its earliest days Cincinnati has occupieda distinctive position among her sister cities.The first settlers came from sturdy New Jerseyand Pennsylvania stock, leavened with a dash ofchivalrous Kentuckians, and established a citywhich at once became noted for the broad viewsand tolerant spirit of its people. In the days ofwater travel it was the gateway of the south andwest, and the students, travelers and frontiersmen who passed through, stopped long enoughto leave the impress of their diversified ideas,until throughout the world the little town onthe Ohio became known as "the freest city onearth."The city became the great point of exchangefor the products of the south and west for thoseof Europe and the north and east. Cincinnaticommanded the commerce of the Mississippibasin and thereby laid the foundation of a business supremacy based upon a high order ofethics which she has ever maintained.It was not in the nature of things that thecommerce of a mighty empire should be restricted to one gateway, so the coming of steamtransportation developed Chicago, St. Louis andother points to the far west. Cincinnati was,therefore, in a measure, restricted to her naturalsphere of influence, the Ohio Valley and theSouth. And here it may be said that in onepoint of distinction there is a dispute it is asto whether Cincinnati is the most northern cityof the south, or the most southern city of thenorth. Whichever may be correct it is truethat Cincinnati was located on its present site byKentuckians, and their selection happily placedit where northern enterprise meets southernheartiness and combines to make Cincinnati themost vigorous yet hospitable city in the world.That she might carry out her destiny Cincinnati, when the expediency arose, again did something distinctive by building a great railroad intothe heart of the south, and is still the onlyAmerican city owning a steam railroad. If for-By W. C. Culkins,Sup't The Chamber of Commercetunately situated at the exact point of contactbetween Dixie and the north, the location is notless advantageous from a commercial and industrial point of view. Since it is the exactcenter of the great Ohio valley which has beenf l YAw v Iir r jcalled the "workshop of the world," with a thousand miles of waterways between its hills, andhundreds of miles of tributary pouring in fromall points of the compass.On the east is the greatest soft coal producingregion of the world; on the north the mineralores and orchards; on the west the grain bearingpiairies, and on the south the cotton fields, andnow the inexhaustible mines and quarries whichare just opening up their treasures to the world.Thus surrounded by every character of rawmaterial in its most available form, connectedby rail and waterways' helpful and restraininginfluence it would have been strange had notCincinnati become a great industrial as well ascommercial center. Not only did factories locate and enlarge, but became more diversifieduntil it may be said that today Cincinnati hasa greater variety of business and manufacturingactivities than any other city in the world. Theslogan "Cincinnati can supply you" means whatit says, that whatever may be your requirementyou will be able to buy it in Cincinnati, with theprobability that you can there obtain it directfrom the producer.All of this, however, is preliminary to the topicin hand, and leads to the time some seven oreight years ago when the citizenship awoke tothe realization that a city may be great in itscommerce, and yet not fulfill its highest destiny.A spirit of interest in the higher things thatmake for municipal achievement stirred the people and with this the new era began. Built uponstately hills 'rising from charming valleys, Cincinnati well deserved fame as the most picturesque city in America, yet so little heed wasgiven that in park area she ranked among thelowest in the country. Here came the first development. A movement was started to conserve and embellish these natural beauties. Public spirited citizens gave illustrated lectures inall sections showing what less favored placeshad accomplished and as a result a comprehensive park system has been adopted, which, whencompleted, will be unsurpassed by any other cityin the nation, if not in the world.Already the park area has been increased from500 to 2,000 acres and boulevards, parkways, tennis courts and golf links are being established.Where formerly the municipality gave no thoughtto its children leaving them to seek amusementin restricted school yards, or upon the streetsHlEJ wWSIHkS PPBNi m :3L 13 rfc3 ui 93 HVIEW OF FOUNTAIN SQUARE.THE MONTHLY MAGAZINEunder the hoofs of horses, now an elaboratesystem of public play grounds are in operation.Swimming and wading pools, sand piles and allmodern apparatus for scientific juvenile recreation are to be found under the direction of competent instructors. Baseball diamonds abound,and moving picture shows and other classes ofproper entertainment are provided. In additionto this, free municipal band concerts are heldin all parts of the city during the summer, andthe people have voted a bond issue of $250,000,toward the erection of a mammoth auditoriumfor musical and other entertainments to be furnished to the public at a nominal cost. Thisbuilding will also be used for large conventions,flower shows, horse shows, and various kinds ofexpositions.In educational lines the strides have been evenmore pronounced. In fifty years Cincinnati hadwhite plague. Medical inspection in the schools,food inspection by the health department, andother activities along this line have been addedto the public work. A wider use of the publicschool buildings for social centers, public gatherings, Fourth of July celebrations, and the like,have greatly widened the utility of these institutions. The city has also maintained public baths,public lodging houses, public laundries, and public dances where the poorer people may enjoythis pastime under proper surroundings.Under a department of social service the municipality is co-operating with private philanthropy and making the public charities and in-HKt2MX' it ArfEMi ' i. ' jut1" TllaiilB.BIIlBLi iEB?lljJ' i'i..iiin ., i. ,n - ft"L!2jmMfcaMly "tHVIEW OF RESERVOIR EDEN PARK.spent but $250,000 for high school buildings.Since the revival, two new high schools, eachcosting more than a million dollars, have beenerected, and a still greater one is in immediatecontemplation. The schools now embrace everymodern feature and equipment for education.Manual training, kindergartens, continuationschools, classes in cooking, sewing, dressmaking,millinery, and general housework have beenestablished. Special instructions have been provided for shop girls who give a couple of hoursa week to the study of their line of salesmanship. Commercial courses along practical lineswill turn out students equipped to take hold ofoffice work at once. The school system iscrowned by the great University of Cincinnati,the only municipally owned university in theUnited States. In addition to all of the usualcourses, the co-operative engineering course hasintroduced a plan which is being taken uprapidly by other cities. Under this method students spend two weeks in study and alternatetwo weeks in actual work in the factories of thecity. The rapid growth of the University andthe influx of students from all parts of the country testifies to its value as an institution of learning. The municipality furnishes to its people filtered water as nearly pure as science can produce, and this alone has resulted in giving to thecity the lowest typhoid fever rate on record.In fact, there is no typhoid that can be tracedto the city's water supply.The largest municipal hospital in the UnitedStates is almost completed, and will make thecity a seat of medical instruction and learning.A scientifically operated tuberculosis sanitariumhas saved many lives, and in co-operation withthe rigorous tenement house inspection justestablished and the voluntary work of publicspirited citizens is doing much to stamp out thestitutions not only mediums of immediate relief,but of assistance to enable the unfortunates tobecome self-sustaining. The city has establishedan employment bureau, which also assists discharged prisoners from penal institutions to obtain work and become self-respecting citizens.The loan shark evil has been eradicated and handbooks and other forms of gambling largely suppressed. These tilings are due to the development of a high spirit of civic consciousness onthe part of the people, and as an evidence thatfurther progress is desired Cincinnati has justelected fifteen of her leading citizens to draft anew and scientific municipal charter upon a platform pledged to the separation of municipalfrom national politics, the short ballot, civilservice, Initiative and Referendum, with a modified recall, and the largest degree of home ruleconsistent with the surrounding conditions.That this public interest in the altruistic sideof municipal affairs has not retarded the material advancement of the city is fully evidencedfrom the record of her commercial growth. Itshould be borne in mind that no federal censusgives a correct idea of the size and importanceof Cincinnati. The metropolitan district includesthree large cities and a dozen smaller ones, situated in two states and three counties, with apopulation of more than six hundred thousand.The largest office building of any inland cityin the world, the Union Central, has jutbeen completed, and towers 500 feet above thestreet level. It houses the Cincinnati Chamberof Commerce, whose membership has increasedfrom eight hundred to two thousand within ayear.Two new skyscrapers are to be built, one atSixth and Main, the other on the site of the oldSt. Nicholas. A new hotel, the Metropole, hasjust been completed, and the Hotel Gibson, whichwill include 500 rooms with baths, and "cost inthe neighborhood of two million dollars, will bein operation by the end of the year. A $400,000baseball park has been opened, and the countyis erecting a two and a half million dollar CourtHouse. Plans are under way for a permanentmanufacturers' exhibit building to cost half amillion, and for a rapid transit belt line and interurban subway to cost seven millions. Bondshave been authorized for $3,000,000 for a sewersystem, $1,750,000 for parks, $350,000 for tuberculosis hospital, $550,000 for university purposes,$600,000 for street improvements, which with thenew court house, $2,000,000 hospital, and the convention hall, will total $11,000,000. Thus it willbe seen that the city has completed, has underway, or has in contemplation in public and private improvements, upwards of twenty-five million dollars in the last few years. As a definiteproof that prosperity goes hand in hand with anuplift movement such as has taken place in Cincinnati, the following figures are taken from thecensus report, showing the percentages of increases in the period of ten years covered: Capital invested, 74.2; wage earners, 24.7; salariedofficials and clerks, 85.5; total factory employes, 30; factory payrolls, 67.6; materials,69.1; factory output, 68.6; bank clearings,70; the total value of new buildings for whichpermits were issued in 1912 was a hundred percent greater than in 1902; the total value of property returned for taxation in 1912 was twohundred million dollars greater than in 1902.In addition to all this Cincinnati has not lostany of its prestige as a world leader in manyimportant lines of industry. "Made in Cincinnati" goods are sent to all parts of the world,and in some lines, notably machine tools, nearlyhalf the entire product is exported, which is ahigh tribute to the character of Cincinnati'sworkmanship. That Cincinnati is located in theright place is evidenced by the fact that notwithstanding the great growth of the United Statesthis favored city still occupies the distinction ofbeing the nearest to the center of population. Itis within twenty-four hours ride of seventy-sixmillion people. Less than carload shipments offreight can be delivered in within two to fivedays to sixty-two millions, and within three daysto almost any part of the south. In by far thegi eater portion of the southern territory thefreight rates are lower than from either St.Louis 'or Baltimore.When one realizes that practically every humanwant can be supplied from the three thousandfactories, or the numerous jobbing houses of-4,- .THE ART MUSEUM EDEN PARKCincinnati, that freight rates are more favorable,and that geographical location renders deliveriesprompt, it is easy to understand why the citizensof progressive Cincinnati regard their city as anideal market place for the buyer, an attractiveresort for the visitor, and a haven of refuge forthe investor or homeseeker.oThrusting Aside the Tragedy of TraditionTHE MONTHLY MAGAZINEA Barbecue and an AwakeningBy A. Bart HortonKENTUCKY has produced a wonderful galaxyof great men. The Blue Grass State hasproudly given to the nation men of magnificent ability in the forum, men of powerful mindsand brilliant pens. Among the foremost of thesemen of today is Johnson N. Camden, not greatalone in mind and executive ability, but for a character that is constantly striving for the commongood. It was in great part due to this ability thatthe wonderfully rich treasures of the coal mines inEastern Kentucky were sent out to the world, forhe marshalled the capital that opened the minesand built the railroads into them. Having accomplished this with the highest degree of success, hebegan to quietly investigate the condition of Kentucky's only other great interest agriculture. Hesaw much of her wonderful soil being graduallyimpoverished, and he saw the heroic efforts of alittle band of men struggling against the tragedyof tradition. In common with them he saw thepossibilities of making Kentucky one of the greatagricultural states of the nation, and to them heextended welcome assistance. His personal energy,active mind, and an open purse became importantfactors in the fight. The chief obstacle that hadbeen met with was the reluctance of farmers toaccept the theories advanced to them. For yearsthey had been living in the lethargy of tradition,obstinately ignoring the progressive ideas foundedon the actual results obtained by experiments. Mr.Camden conceived a new method of preaching thedoctrines of scientific farming. He extended aninvitation to every farmer and to each member ofevery farmer's family in Kentucky, to visit hisbeautiful place at Versailles on August 20. Hesecured the services of the foremost agriculturalexperts in the United States to be present on thatday, and he promised them that feast which isnearest to the Kentuckian heart, a Barbecue. Theinvitation so splendidly extended, was as splendidlyaccepted. From early morning vehicles of everydescription, ancient and modern, streamed intoSpring Hill loaded to capacity with farmers andfarmer's wives. The interurban service was taxedto its utmost, and everyone who came enjoyedhimself for there was entertainment of every description. Mammoth ten,ts gaily decorated provided with every comfort and convenience, burgoomade by a master hand, excellent music, entertaining and instructive addresses, and a treat in itself,a visit to Spring Hill. The ceremonies were heldin that part of Mr. Camden's property that liesacross the pike from his home. It was a wonderfulsight to see those countless thousands gatheredthere, ladies in their holiday attire, earnest men,and happy children. In order to accommodate thevast crowds there were two speaker's stands. Mr.Camden opened the exercises with an address, whichin part was as follows:"My friends, I give you one and all a most heartywelcome. I am truly delighted to have you heretoday. I hope you will allow me to tell you brieflywhat was in my mind when I decided to have thisbarbecue."Always, in thinking of Kentucky, I have a greatinspiring vision. I have been in most of the statesin the Union, and have traveled in many lands, butI have never beheld a state or empire that has suchmaterial possibilities, variety of soil, diversity ofproducts and other blessings as our own belovedstate old Kentucky."In ten years' time she will lead every state in theUnion in the production of coal and, what is more,as time goes on will increase the lead and hold it,for she has a greater deposit of high-grade coalthan either Pennsylvania or West Virginia. It canalso be truly said of Kentucky, as of almost noother country, that if we were absolutely isolatedfrom the rest of the world, we have within ourselves everything necessary for the development ofa most advanced and prosperous civilization. Wehave in abundance the raw materials, iron, cokingcoal, timber, fire and porcelain clays, phosphatedeposits, oil, gas, and an endless variety of mineralwealth, a most varied soil, grazing lands, and abeneficent climate.FARM LANDS HEART OF STATE"Yet, while the mineral wealth of the state isa vital thing and means more to us than we cannow understand, to my mind the very soul andheart of Kentucky must always dwell in her farmlands and pastures beautiful, gently rolling, thefairest and greenest the sun shines upon, and fruitful as the delta of the Nile. Kentucky will everbe a great farming state, and the character of heragriculture will determine the character and development of her people. Someone has well saidthat a people can not be greater or stronger thantheir soil."What I wish to draw attention to today, and toemphasize, is the well recognized fact that in mining, manufacturirg. and all productive enterprices,the basic form of wealth is in itself only about50 percent of the problem involved the other 50percent is in organization, which really means cooperation. Granting that our soil would gradeNo. 1 in fertility which in many cases it will notdo though by intelligent and industrious methodsit can be made to as we now stand, with our imperfect system of soil education, organization andcooperation, we farmers are realizing but half ofwhat we are entitled to from our farms."With us the chief obstacle to organization andcooperation, to my mind, is the intense individualism of the Kentuckian. That spirit of self-reliance,indomitable will, and courage to stand alone andall-sufficient, which made him the greatest pioneerthe world has ever known, is in a measure a detriment now and blocks his further progress andmaterial development. We are not living in theage of the coonskin cap and long-barrel rifle. Ourtimes are strenuously competitive and the degreeof our civilization very complex.SHOULD ORGANIZE AND COOPERATE"Realizing this condition, we should set aboutintelligently, with determination, and our eyes open,to learn the value of organization and cooperation,and to fully understand the destructive quality ofunintentionally selfish individualism."We must establish team work among ourselves,we must trust one another if we are to prosperfurther as a people and advance the solidarity ofKentucky interests."I have an unbounded faith in the future ofKentucky and in the ability of Kentuckians to dothings when their attention and interests are centered upon those things. It is because of myambition and hope to personally help in quickeningthis movement that I decided to give this barbecue."The program of the exercises was as follows:Speeches from South PlatformJudge Barker, President University of Kentucky,Presiding.1. Dr. Fred Mutchler, Washington, D. C, Chiefin Charge of Demonstration Workin Kentucky.Subject: Boys' and Girls' Demonstration Work.2. James C. Caldwell, President First NationalBank, Lakefield, Minnesota. Minnesota Member of American Commission to StudyAgricultural Cooperation andRural Finances.Subject: The Farmer and His Finances.3. J. W. Newman, Commissioner of Agricultureof Kentucky.Subject: State Aid.INTERMISSIONMUSIC BURGOO4. Professor C. G. Hopkins, University of Illinois.Subject: Soil Conservation.5. Professor Charles J. Brand, Washington, D. C,Assistant in Charge Bureau of Marketing.Subject: Cooperative Farm Marketing.6. Prof. T. L. Haecker, Chief of the Dairy SchoolUniversity of Minnesota.6. Professor T. L. Haecker, Chief of the DairySchool, University of Minnesota.Speeches from North PlatformProfessor H. H. Cherry, President State NormalSchool, Western District, Presiding.1. R. L. Barnett, Secretary and Treasurer of Kentucky Division of Farmers EducationalCooperative Union of America.Subject: Farmers' Union.2. Professor T. J. Coates, State Supervisor ofRural Schools.Subject: The Farmer and the Country School.3. E. M. Tousley, of Minnesota, Editor of "Cooperation" and Secretary of RightRelationship League.Subject: Cooperation.INTERMISSIONMUSIC BURGOO4. Professor J. H. Kastle, Director ExperimentStation, Kentucky.Subject: Why the Farmer Should be a Chemist.5. Dr. Bradford Knapp, Washington, D. C, Chiefof Farmers' Cooperative Demonstration Work.Subject: Farm Extension Work.6. John S. Sinclair, A. B., LL. B.Subject: What Cooperative Marketing HasDone for the Old World.7. George Roberts, Professor of Agronomy,University of Kentucky.Subject: The Soil How to Put Value Into Itand Get Value Out of It.There were many distinguished men from Kentucky there; Governor McCreary, Lieutenant Governor McDermott, Rufus VanSant, Stanley Reed,Speaker of the House of Representatives of Kentucky, were among those present. All WoodfordCounty joined Mr. Camden in making this event thegreatest epoch in Kentucky's agricultural history,and for days had been assisting him in the preparatory work. The beautiful day, the enormouscrowd, the manifest pleasure of everyone amplyrepaid Mr. Camden for his efforts. From his heartcame the words, "Today, I am the happiest manin Kentucky."16THE MONTHLY MAGAZINEfff,rWOOD walked down the lane with Jeanand the Colonel, who had been talkingover old times until it was time forthem to drive home to lunch.The Colonel said to Wood, "My boy, I havegrieved very much over your father's troubles,but he would accept no assistance from me.After you left college so suddenly, he wrote meenclosing a draft for $500, stating that he understood that I had paid certain obligations ofWood's to that amount, and thanked me fordoing so. I wrote him enclosing my check forthis money, and assuring him that neither henor you owed me a cent. This check has neverbeen cashed. After I received your $500, I invested the entire amount in your father's name.The investment proved to be fortunate, andabout seven years ago I instructed attorneys tonotify your father that a distant relative of yourmother's had left him a little legacy, which haspaid him about $25 a month. God knows it hashurt me very much to think of him in want,when I have more money than I can possiblyspend. Your father saved my life once, and thisfact, aside from my deep affection for him, shouldcertainly entitle me to the pleasure of assistinghim in every way possible. I want you to goover to the sale of the property with me thisafternoon to buy it in for me, and give at to himas though coming from you. Jean and I havebeen visiting Harry in the south of France forseveral months, and we only arrived in NewYork about two weeks ago. I had instructedagents here to look after your father and doeverything possible for him. On my arrival inNew York, I found a letter telling of the foreclosure on your father's property. I notifiedthem, immediately, to take steps to purchasethis property, and also Dixie and her colt. Business detained me in New York, and I could notreach here until last night.""I can readily appreciate your feeling, Colonel,of course, no one knows better than you howproud father is, and our estrangement caused bymy "conduct, and his many other misfortunes,have embittered him greatly. I will be glad toaccept your offer, for I have resources that willenable me to repay it in the near future.""We will discuss that part of it later on, mydear boy. I will drive over for you immediatelyafter lunch."Miller held the reins of the thoroughbreds, asWood helped Jean and the Colonel into the runabout, and bade them, good-bye.As they drove away, Miller remarked to Wood,"3 fine pair, that."By A.Bart HorfoitPART II."Yes, indeed," said Wood, "Colonel Castlewain is a splendid character, and when I lastsaw Miss Castlewain, she was only ten years old,and I had no idea that she would grow into sucha sweet and beautiful girl.""I wasn't speaking of the Colonel and MissJean," replied Miller, "though they certainly aretop-notchers. It was that team of thoroughbreds, I was thinking of.""So was I," said Wood.That afternoon the Colonel and Wood droveover to the Court House, where Major Shelby'slittle property was sold to Wood, at a price thatjust covered the mortgage and the court costs.On the ride to and from the Court House theColonel talked constantly of his children. Hislove for them was unusually great, and they werealways a pleasing topic of conversation to him.Wood was also delighted to listen, for in theearly days they had been very close to him. TheColonel told Wood of Harry's life since the accident at college; that on the advice of physicianshe had taken him to the South of France, andthat while abroad Harry had taken up the studyof medicine, and was now practicing in a Frenchcity on the Mediterranean coast."Quite often Harry and I have talked of youand wondered what had become of you. WhenI last visited him, I endeavored to persuade himto return to America and take up the practiceof medicine, but he has been doing a great dealof hospital work there, and has promised thatafter a year or so he will come back to his native state."Just before they reached Major Shelby's homethe Colonel asked Wood what his plans were."I am very much undecided, Colonel. I owna half interest in a ranch in Wyoming. Ourproperty is part of an irrigation proposition, andwe have been very successful with it. I knowthat father would be very adverse to leavingKentucky, and I feel as though I ought to benear him, for a while at least.""I heartily agree with you," said the Colonel,"for I believe it means much to him to be withyou as in his present physical condition he wouldnot last very long, if you were not with him.""Doctor Henderson was at the house thismorning, and practically told me the same thing,and also that he thought father would grieveterribly at leaving Kentucky. He has been astaunch friend of father's, and has done everything possible for him.""He is a fine old physician, but Wood. I havea proposition to make you, that I have beenthinking over, and I want you to take lunchwith Jean and I tomorrow to talk it over.""You are very kind, Colonel, I shall be gladto come over."It was nearly a mile to the Castlewain homefrom Major Shelby's cottage, but the distancedid not seem so long to Wood, as he walkedover the next morning. He was happier than hehad been for years, for his estrangement withhis father had thrown a cloud of sadness overhis life. Even the fact that the fields he passed,now level, now rolling into smiling little valleysreflecting on that spring morning the blue of thecloudless sky, had once been the property ofthe Shelby's, did not sadden him. Major Shelby'sfinancial condition had necessitated the mortgaging of various parts of his property from timeto time. All of these mortgages had been foreclosed, and Colonel Castlewain had acquired theproperty from various purchasers, and had remodeled the old Shelby homestead for his ownuse. Wood's boyhood days were vividly recalledto him as he passed each familiar spot, and entered the well known driveway that led througha beautiful parkland to his former home. Beneatha group of fine old forest trees he saw Jeanpicking Jonquils."Can I help you, Jean?"As she heard Wood's voice she turned andreplied, "I would be delighted to have you Wood,but I believe I have enough of these yellowbeauties."And as she walked toward the drive to greethim, she was to Wood a picture fair indeed, inher simple gown of white, the gold of the Jonquils nestling against her shoulder, and her fairwhite arms like ivory against the green of theirstems.They walked to the house together, and asthey neared it she said to him, "does the placeseem changed much to you, Wood?""Not much, but whatever change there is, isfor the better.""Father is out at the stables," said Jean, "buthe instructed me to entertain you until he returns, so if you will sit on the veranda until Iarrange my flowers, I will endeavor to carry outhis instructions."Jean soon rejoined Wood, and said to him,"since mother's death I have been managing thehousehold, but," she said, "I do not believefather regards me as a success." ."It is said," replied Wood, "that a man's temperament is largely regulated by his home life,and your father has every appearance of beinghappy and contented. Here comes the Colonelto speak for himself," and as Wood greeted theTHE MONTHLY MAGAZINEColonel, he said, "Jean tells me that she thinksthere is some doubt in your mind as to herability as a manager.""Not a bit of it, my boy. I regard Jean as asuccess in every respect."As they seated themselves the Colonel said,"I want you to tell us of your Western life,Wood.""It's about a similar story, Colonel, to thoseof most boys who go West, excepting that I havebeen more than ordinarily fortunate. When Ileft you at college, I determined to do everything possible to mend my ways, and to try toconvince father that there was some good in me.I had enough personal possessions to obtainmoney enough to get to Arizona, and as youknow having some considerable knowledge ofhorses, I soon became a fairly proficient 'cowpuncher but my only other accomplishmentwas some ability in the use of a gun. I savedmy salary religiously, and after I had been outthere about eight months I won a couple of prizesin a pistol contest, which with my savings enabled me to send you $500. I worked for fiveyears as a cowboy, and in a lucky moment "grubstaked' a prospector who was fortunate enoughto locate a 'placer mine.' He wrote me of thediscovery and I joined him. We worked themine for about a year until it gave out. Wetook enough out of it, however, to buy a goodsized ranch in Wyoming, which we have beendeveloping ever since, and which is paying verywell. That practically, Colonel, is the history ofmy Western life.""I am heartily glad of your success, my boy,but will your interests in Wyoming preventyou from taking up some work for me here.""I do not believe that they would interfere,Colonel, for we have them in such shape thatthey can be handled by my partner. Of course,they will miss my assistance, but I believe thatin view of father's condition I should be here,and if I can be of real assistance to you I willbe more than glad of the opportunity."Jean rose, saying, "I have some householdduties to attend to so I will leave you while youdiscuss your business matters.""All right, daughter," said the Colonel. "Now,Wood, I want to explain to you just what I meanin regard to this business proposition. Beforemy departure for France, several months ago,my superintendent died. He was an old friendof mine, and I fear that because of his age, hewas not very capable. I want a man to takeentire charge of my place, and to especially lookafter my horses and cattle. My wife's father andbrothers were successful business men in NewYork, and they have succeeded in instillingbusiness principles into me to such an extentthat I would like to apply them to my farm asmuch as possible. Financially I am a wealthyman, and Jean and Harry have both inheritedconsiderable amount of money from uncles inNew York. I want to put you in entire chargeof my place for a year at whatever salary youmay think is right. At the end of the year, ifyour work is as successful as I think it will be,perhaps I can make it worth your while to dispose of your Wyoming interests, and take chargepermanently.""I thank you very much for your confidence,and your kind offer, Colonel, and you can restassured that I will do everything in my powerto show my appreciation.""All right, my boy, that is settled. It lifts agreat load from my mind, as things about thefarm seem to be in a sort of a chaotic state."Wood entered upon his new duties, not onlywith the energy of youth, but with a fairlyequipped knowledge and experience. After hehad purchased his Wyoming property, he hadtaken a thorough course in a farm college inWisconsin, studying especially the chemical analysis of soils. This knowledge had been ofgreat value to him at his Wyoming ranch, whosecrops had far exceeded those of any other in thatsection. For generations back the Shelbys haddevoted much of their time, and much of theirmoney to horses, and love for them was inbred in Wood, and this probably accounted forhis great success with them. He found that thefarm was being conducted far to extravagantlyfor the results. He sent for a noted agriculturalexpert, who spent several weeks with him analyzing the soil in various parts of the farm, andin studying the cattle situation. Many of theold retainers had been on the farm for years,and it was rather difficult for Wood to teachthem the error of their ways. He was patient,however, his pleasant smile and frank goodfellowsbip soon won for him the affection of nearlyeveryone employed on the property, and he imparted so much of his enthusiasm to them thathe was able to accomplish far more than wasever done before. They even forgot to smileat his innovations and some of the "new fangled"machinery that he brought to the farm, and instead of ridicule they began to be frankly interested in the results.It was only occassionally that Wood saw Jean,and on most of these occasions he took horseback rides with her, a pastime of which she waspassionately fond. She said to him, one day,"Wood, I have just received a letter from myfriend Mrs. Jordon, who tells me that she knewyou in the West.""Mrs. Jordon? I can not recall anyone of thatname.""No, but you knew her as Betty Johnson.""I remember Miss Betty Johnson very well.Her father owned the Bar J ranch, where Iworked for more than a year, and where I wasforeman for sometime before I heard of ourmine discovery. I did not know, however, thatshe was married, or whom she married.""She married David Jordon, whom she saysyou also knew.""So she married Dave Jordon. Verdant Dave,he was christened by one of the boys when hestruck the ranch. He was sure some tenderfoot,with a most noticeable embellishment of green.However, he was pretty much of a man.""So she writes me, and she also mentions several little incidents that savor of the dramatic,that happened to you in your Western life, andsuggests that I induce you to tell me about them.As father will be away tomorrow evening, Iwould like to have you come over and dine withme, and tell me a little more of your Westernlife, especially of the events of which Bettywrites me.""It will give me great pleasure to come, Jean,although I fear that the so-called dramatic incidents won't entertain you very much."As Jean sat on the veranda the next afternoonwaiting for Wood, she reread the letter that shehad received from Betty Jordon:"Janie Dear:"To a girl in the wild and lonesome "West yourletters are like the blessed rainfalls, few and farbetween."You wrote of Wood Shelby returning home, Iwonder if this isn't the same "Wood Shelby thatworked on the ranch some years ago. If it is, he's adarlinpr. I did not see much of him myself, for I wasawav at school most of the time he was- here, but heand Dave were great friends. You know Dave cameout here a verdant youth from the effete East determined to make his own way. in his own way, and hisway did not exactlv coincide with the ideas of theboys on the ranch. They did not know what sterlingstuff there was in him. He was either too pluckyor didn't have sense enough to keep out of trouble,so Wood Shelby took him in hand and gave himsome wise advice, and saved him from a thrashing.While he was quite reserved Wood Shelby had areputation of being the best two gun man (of course,vou don't know what that is, but it means some onewho can draw a revolver in each hand with lightninglike rapidity, and use them with deadly accuracy)and probablv more for this1 reason than any other,both he and his opinions were treated with greatrespect by the cowboys here. Consequently hesmoothed down manv of the thorns in Dave's lifeand became a hero in his eyes. There were somerumors about him having shot someone, but evenDave could never get him to talk about it. A certainvoung ladv that T know can be very seductive attimes and I think if she made an effort she couldperhaps induce him to tell her of it. Both Dave andI have always been very curious about it, and anxious to hoar the story, so find it out soon, Honey,and some day I am going to pay you that promisedvisit. It's one of those rewards that I have promised myself, when I have been real good, and canpersuade Dave to come with me. He says, however,that several thousand acres of ranch, ten thousandcattle, and a new wife are about all he can attend to."Write to your chum soon."With lots and lots of love,"Betty."Jean fully intended to hear the story fromWood in its every detail. She was becomingmore than interested in him, and to Jean thismeant a great deal, for while she had beencourted at home, and toasted abroad, she hadgiven men but little consideration and thought;this with the exception, of course, of her brother,and her father, who was her ideal of chivalrousmanhood.It was time to dine when Wood joined her,and the dinner was a revelation to him; the beautiful dining room exquisitely furnished, a dinnerdelightfully cooked and served, and a hostessfamed for her beauty and wit, and he as the soleguest was a combination of delightful circumstances that thrilled him. He enjoyed that dinner more than any other event in his life, andhis pleasure was so plainly discernable eventhrough his reserve, that Jean thought sure thatthe story was hers. Sitting on the veranda afterdinner, the soft Kentucky twilight rapidly fadinginto night, it became only too apparent to Woodthat the subtle attraction of this beautiful girlboded ill for his peace of mind. Months beforehe had recognized the strong possibility of hisadmiration for her developing into a sentimentmuch stronger and deeper. He assured himself,that his chances for winning a girl so attractiveas Jean, whose affections were probably alreadyengaged and whose position in life was so muchabove his, were slight indeed, and he determinedto steel himself against a love so hopeless. Hewas thinking of this now as he listened to Jeanwhile she was telling him about some of theincidents of her school life where she and BettyJohnson had been chums and room mates. Shewas artfully leading up to the Western story."By the way, Wood," she said, "Betty writesme that you saved Dave from a thrashing once,tell me about it.""Oh! That didn't amount to very much, excepting that it created an impression on him andhe was most grateful. It wasn't the physicalpain of getting thrashed, but the humiliation hefeared. The winter season at the ranch hadjust about closed, and we were getting ready forthe spring work. We were in bad shape, for ourforeman was ill and we were short several men.I was up at the northern part of the ranchlooking after some line work when he rode intothe ranch house and asked Mr. Johnson for ajob. He was asked a few of the usual questions,and admitted that he knew very little of ranchwork, but that he could ride and was willingto learn. He was told, if he was willing to stayaround for a couple of weeks until the springseason opened, and work for his board only, thathe could have a job if he came anywhere nearmaking good. He was glad to do this as hesaid he was broke. He was utterly unused tothe ways of the cowboys, who regard a tenderfoot as something created solely for their amusement. They regaled themselves at his expenseby methods peculiar to them, telling him in themost serious manner the most atrocious storiesof cowboy life corroborating these with otherwonderful (but absolutely untrue) incidents intheir careers. Dave was too clever to believethem, but instead of diplomatically taking themas gospel truth, he openly disavowed his belief.He was also made the victim of many of thosepleasing little jokes of which they were so fond,he had been wise enough to take them good-(Continued on page 13.)t8THE MONTHLY MAGAZINE& . iLilMMJptr k-i-'9"i Ll ' '-Wl - 'r JMMMMMMB B tK J Wtl5'- 'iAi . Ztfril)t'ljt t "HB43NATURE smiles fair upon Spring Hill. Surrounded by a beautifulpark, where noble elms and mighty oaks, majestic monarchs ofthe forest, lift their mighty heads from the greensward, is theKentucky home of J. N. Camden. The house designed after the colonial period, withporticos and wide verandas,embowered in ferns, palms andevergreens is an ideal home.Spring Hill, which is a family name, has been in the possession of Mrs. Camden's family since the days of the Indians. The old homestead wasdestroyed by fire a few yearsago, and was rebuilt by Mr.Camden on almost similarlines. The property is abouttwo miles from Versailles andfronts for more than a mileon the Versailles and Frankfort Pike. It comprises over1600 acres, of which about 400are under cultivation, the balance is used for pasture land,and here graze those monarchs of the turf, Ben Brush,Peter Quince, Helios, andother thoroughbreds, thathave made the Camden stablesfamous.The chief natural beautiesof the place are the park andthe cave. It would be hard toconceive of anything morebeautiful in nature than thepark. It consists of some forty acres of closely cut BlueGrass, with abundant foresttrees, and well kept drives,smiling knolls rolling away into little valleys and shadynooks, tree embowered vistasof long level stretches or"greensward. Many of the oldforest trees covered withclinging vines stretch out theirknotted and gnarled limbs, asthough to extend a helpinghand to their younger brethren.While Nature has been bounteousin her gifts, the artistic touch of thelandscape gardener is seen everywhere.About a hundred yards to the right of the, II Ml mi llMllllllW ,rftl....Wi 4rF .B. -m -WMBHm SBKyWjfPSrffSmlmBKMjffifBBMiHHB3lBMWBLs "' "LJ""' " " ' -s - r(y " ..."WM"gq3JKHBtj ' ' ' "pf "Tiff.?!! g7'if''- gg&tji "AttsT$k 'KFvrTMHi ' BilIlPhouse is the natural cave from which fio'ws waters from never failingsprings, and which is the fountain head of the lake. The cave is in a cliffsome forty feet high, on the face of which are beautiful ferns and climbingvines. ne ciirr is at tne upper end of the lake, which isalmost surrounded by trees,which mirror their leafy reflection on its placid waters.To the left of the house isthe sunken garden wheremany varieties of flowers areplanted. In the center of thisgarden is a miniature lake,floating on the surface ofwhich are numerous beautifulspecies of water plants. Inthe spring and summer, thisgarden with its thousands offlowers blooming profusely isone of the most beautifulsights imaginable. Just beyondthis garden are the tenniscourts and about a hundredyards over from them are theconservatories.With all its splendid beauties Spring Hill is essentiallya home, and a home whereinthere is naught but refinementand good taste. Here Mr.Camden, a man of quiet forceand active mind, directs thecourse of his many enterprises.He is constantly lending assistance t o movements forpublic good. It has been his effort for years to assistthe agricultural and cattle raising industries in Kentucky. Well knowing the absolute necessity forconcerted action on the part of the Kentucky farmers to improve their condition, he months ago conceived the idea of gathering all of the farmers together in order to formulate a comprehensive lineof action. The results of. his efforts is given inanother portion of this magazine.Mr. Camden was born at Parkersburg, West Virginia, January 5, 1865. His father was Johnson N.Camden, for twelve years United States Senator fromWest Virginia. Mr. Camden was educated at PhillipsAndover Academy, and the Virginia Military Institute atLexington, Virginia, afterward attending the ColumbiaLaw School, New York City.He entered upon his active career as treasurer and paymasterof the Ohio River Railroad, a line which had been built by the elderTHE MONTHLY MAGAZINE9jpmgfollli v reSSsti KijHHI O)N- VTV'CKi' r-u.P' '.r- r .Camden This portion he resigned to become president and treasurer of the construction company which was engaged in the buildingof a road later known as the Monongahela River Railroad, and extending from Fairmount to Clarksburg, West Virginia. In thiswork he continued until the completion of the line. Mr. Camden'sfather took an active part in the development of the West Virginia,coal interests. After his death the son associated himself with JohnC. Mayo and C. W. Watson, for the purpose of developing the coalfields in eastern Kentucky. Through the efforts and influence of thesegentlemen the Louisville & Nashville, the Chesapeake & Ohio, andthe Baltimore & Ohio Railroads were induced to build branches intothis territor3 so that much of its wonderful development is due directly to Mr. Camden's energy and ability.He has always been fond of horses, and a number of years ago hepurchased from James R. Keene the noted stallion Spendthrift, withsome thirty choice mares. He later added to his stud a number offamous horses, among whom were Esher, Albert, Oddfellow, Mazagan, St. Simonian and Peter Quince. As a result, the Spring HillFarm has contributed many great thoroughbreds to the turf; and thehistor'- of the American horse owes much to Mr. Camden for the timeand energ3r he devoted to this avocation, as well as for the importantservice he, with a few others, rendered in having drafted, and largelvthrough his untiring efforts, having enacted into law a bill creatingthe Kentuck3' racing commission, of which he is now a member, abody wln'ch has succeeded in placing the sport on a high plane ancthereby safeguarding racing in Kentucky from danger of legislation,following the lead of other states, which would prohibit the sport,and discourage, if not doom, the breeding of thoroughbreds in theBlue Grass State.Mr. Camden is president of the Monongah Coal Company, and ofthe Woodford Bank, of Versailles, Kentucky, and is a Director ofmany other corporations. He was also one of the prime movers inassembling the electrical properties in and about Ashland, Kentucky,Huntington, West Virginia, and Ironton, Ohio, which were organizedas the Camden Interstate Railway, of which he was the first president.Mr. Camden's interest in his farm is not confined to agricultureand his splendid thoroughbreds by any means. Spring Hill hasacquired an enviable fame for its pedigreed Hampshiredown Sheep,Berkshire Hogs, and Shetland Ponies, and numbers among themmany prize winners. The time and attention he has given to thedevelopment of his thoroughbreds has been amply rewarded by results. He has now a number of fine youngsters in training, and hisstud is headed by Peter Quince and Ben Brush.Peter Quince.There are few better bred stallions in the history of the Americanturf than Peter Quince. He was foaled in 1905, out of Fair Vision,by Commando, and comes of a long line of distinguished ancestors.He is chestnut in color, and one of the handsomest stallions in theUnited States. Peter Quince only started once at two years old,finishing second. At three he won five races, was six times placed,and but three times unplaced. He won at 7 furlongs from sevenothers, won at the same distance in 1 :25 4-5 from Dreamer, Roseben,King Cobalt, Falcada and four others; ran second to Priscillian at 1mile in 1:37 3-5; won over the Gravesend 6 furlong course in 1:09 1-5,and won at 6V6 furlongs at Sheepshead in 1:19 from Brookdale Nymphand Nimbus and at Gravesend won the Culver Handicap, about 6furlongs in 1:09, from King Cobalt, Field Mouse, Ben Ban, BabyWolf, DeMund and Fountainblue, by four lengths.Peter Quince has every requisite to make a first-class sire, havingsize, style and finish, with a great turn of speed and could carryweight, and comes from a great sire family. He is a half-brother tothe stake winner and sire Horoscope, who died early, but showed hismerit as a sire. Imp. Fair Vision, dam of Peter Quince, is a fullsister to Juggler and Necromancer, both successful sires in England.His great grandam foaled the good sire Lennoxlove, while the nextdam was a half-sister to the Derby winner and sire Daniel O'Rourke.Commando, sire of Peter Quince, was a high-class stake winnerand sire of manjr winners, including Peter Pan and Colin. Commandowas the best son of the great Domino, he the best son of Himyar, whowas in turn the best son of the very speedy Alarm, the best son ofimp. Eclipse, a sire of great speed.Imp. Fair Vision, dam of Peter Quince, only started once, winningthe Troy Stakes at Stockbridge. She also foaled Miss Tenny (whowon fourteen races, including the Castleton Stakes, 5 furlongs in58 1-2, the Saragossa Stakes, a mile in 1:40 1-2, and the Test Handicap,a mile in 1:40 1-4, and dam of Gold Ten, a stake winner of fourraces, including the Rose Stakes, half a mile in 46 2-5, and Miss Ogden, also a winner), and Horoscope, a horse of extreme speed, whowon among his races the Grass Inaugural Stakes at Coney Island andwas a good sire.Imp. Fair Vision also foaled the very speedy Trance (who wonsixteen races at 2 years old in 1908, including eleven stakes, amongthem the Ozone, half a mile in 46 2-5; Rose, half a mile in 46 1-5;Gaiety, 4 furlongs in 51 3-5 and Bouquet, 5 furlongs in 1 .00, andJ Jf '""St" i!10THE MONTHLY MAGAZINEa winner in 1909), and Runaway Girl, a winner and damof the stake winners GretnaGreen, Meggs Hill andWedding Bells.Fair Vision is a full sisterto the sires and winners Juggler and Necromancer.Ben Brush.Bay horse, foaled 1893.By Bramble.(Son of imp. Bonnie Scotland and Ivy Leaf, by imp.Australian. A great cupwinner and a very successful sire.)First dam, Roseville, byReform (son of imp. Leamington and imp. StolenKisses, by Knight of Kars);2d dam, Albia, by Alarm(son of imp. Eclipse andimp. Maud, by Stockwell);3d dam, Elastic, by Kentucky, one of the best sonsof Lexington. This is therenowned Maria West family, tracing to a mare byimp. Janus, and is one ofthe best in the AmericanStud Book.Ben Brush was a highclass race horse, a stakewinner at two, three andfour of the Cadet, Harold,Emerald, Diamond, Holly,Prospect, Nursery, Albanyand Champagne Stakes,Kentucky Derby, SchulteStakes, Buckeye Stakes, Latonia Derby, Suburban andBrighton Handicaps, FirstSpecial, Second Special andother stakes, handicaps andpurses. He is the sire ofDalesman, Duster. WildThyme ($12,530). Broomstick ($67,830). Brush By,Birch Broom. Delhi ($119.000), Palette, Veto. GretnaGreen. Von Tromp. LadyAmelia ($38,375). Brush Up.New Mown Hay, FancvDress, the stake winnersPhilander and Meggs Hill,Fancy (the best two-year-fcE5S3K&W 'TV5S1ri ir z&td.. Ai .a . - -' JUvVKftp 1 fi iSa I(il ill ft lliLjflBSwT Xiold filly of 1908 to date),Voodoo,. Besom, Ben Sand,Ambush, Pantoufie, Harcourt, Patriot, etc. He wassecond on the list of winningsires in 1904. Also Sweep,winner of 1909 Futurity andmany others.Helios.The last work done byHenry Stull, the greatAmerican horse painter, wasMr. Camden's Helios, andthe illustration on the coverpage of this magazine section is a reproduction ofthat painting, with two ofthe trophy cups won by thatsplendid young thoroughbred as a two-year-old.namely, The Breeders' Futurity, and The CincinnatiTrophy. Helios, chestnut incolor, is a magnificent typeof the Kentucky thoroughbred. His dam was HindooRose, also owned by Mr.Camden, one of the best ofthe Hindoo family, whosename shines so preeminently in the history of theAmerican turf. The sire ofHelios was imp. Star Shoot,and he was foaled at SpringHill, though bred by Col. E.F. Clay of Paris. He haswon ten races, the principalof which were the Breeders'Futurity, the richest two-year-oldrace in Kentucky,the Harolds Stakes, and theCincinnati trophy, whichranks second to the Breeders' Futurity in value. Healso finished second ineleven starts. As a three-year-oldhe has only startedin one stake, the QuickstepHandicap at Latonia, whichhe won.tisi'tsBBmaBBMBBisrz- Try-. ' r .r-r: - - - .zzzls smmamtm)fsPl11AGRICULTURAL DEPARTM NMUuJ ; 'WMTHE MONTHLY MAGAZINEThe Kentucky Agricultural ExperimentStation and its WorkEdited by Thompson R. Bryant,Supt.EDITORS NOTE This is the second of a series of articles onThe Kentucky Agricultural Experiment Station and its Work,written by Mr. Thompson R. Bryant.IN striving to illustrate to the farmer thework that is being done in the State Colleges of Farming much space is being givento the different departments in the collegeproper. The field work will be taken up later,and the result of demonstrations, and experiments will be given. These experiments arebeing made all over the United States, and theresults are proving of inestimable value. Thereis no better soil in the world than can be foundin Kentucky, but even the richest soil becomesnonproductive in time, when not properly treated.DEPARTMENT OF ANIMAL HUSBANDRYIN THE COLLEGE PROPERThe purpose of the Department of AnimalHusbandry is to teach the older farmers ofKentucky how to properly manage and feedtheir various classes of live stock, and -to offerVp BfaH!X''BpwCK -S? 11 ''Sviwww'jStudents Learning to Judge a Horse.courses of instruction in the College to theyoung men who expect to become the farmersof Kentucky. The courses of instruction areintended to acquaint the young men with propermethods of examining a horse to determine hisvalue and his soundness; to judge whether adairy cow is of the proper type, and like instruction is given dealing with beef cattle, sheep,it-Students Learning to Judge Registered JerseyCattle, College Farm.hogs and poultry. The students make an extended study of the value of the different feedstuffs offered for sale in Kentucky. The valueof corn silage and the proper way to go aboutbuilding a silo is discussed along with variousother matters, relating to the live stock industryor this state.The Department endeavors to cooperate withthe farmers by having judging schools in various sections of the state from time to time. Alarge correspondence is carried on in answeringinquiries that are received daily from farmers inall sections of the state, relating to the feedingand management of live stock.The students who take instruction in this department are taken on trips frequently to seethe best horses, cattle, sheep, hogs and poultrythat are owned in Central Kentucky. Whilevisiting these farms the instructor discusses thepoints of perfection and imperfection possessedby each animal. In this way the students become expert judges of live stock.The Department maintains a large dairy herdand retails milk to over two hundred patronsin Lexington. Also poultry are kept on exhibition at the poultry yard which includes overtwo hundred pure bred poultry of ten differentvarieties. The Elmendorf farm is made use ofin instructing students through the kindness ofMr. Chas. H. Berryman, Manager. The largestdairy in the world is thereby placed at the disposal of the College in the instruction of students. This dairy plant includes four hundredmilk cows and altogether twelve hundred Jerseys, and a $200,000 equipment in the way ofbarn and milk house. The Department has ontest 125 of the finest imported Jerseys that aremaintained on that excellent farm. The students of this Department are often sent to thedairy farms of Kentucky to make milk tests forthe Advanced Registries of the various dairybreeds.Most of the students of the Animal HusbandryDepartment return to their own home farms, butan occasional student desires to secure a position and the Department has placed two of itsgraduates as dairy experts with the SouthernRailway; another one with the Heintz Preserving Company, and several with Experiment Stations located in other states.Dr. J. H. Morgan, dairy agent of the SouthernRailway system has said that when he wishesto secure a dairy agent, he selects a Kentuckystudent because the students here are so wellfitted to give practical instruction to the farmers.The Piggery and the $10,000 Hog CholeraSerum Plant afford excellent opportunities toacquaint students with the management of hogs,and with the treatment of these animals whendiseased, and the excellent Shorthorn herd maintained at the Elmendorf farm together with thesheep owned by that estate, furnish material foracquainting the students with the managementof these types of stock.The Department has been represented at theNational Dairy Show by a dairy cattle judgingteam of three students, who came in competition with similar teams from fourteen leadingstate universities. The Kentucky boys in 1911were successful in carrying away five out ofseven trophies for which they competed. InIhe fall of 1912 milk and cream sent by theDepartment to the International Dairy Showat Milwaukee and the National Dairy Show atChicago, was awarded a medal at each show,attesting its excellent quality. At Milwaukeethese products came in competition with milkand cream from the best universities of thenorth; and at Chicago, the milk and cream wasscored by the Government's expert judges incompetition with similar institutions and witheighty-two dairymen who sent in exhibits fromvarious parts of the United States.ANIMAL HUSBANDRY DEPARTMENTEXPERIMENT STATIONThe work of the Animal Husbandry Divisionof the Kentucky Agricultural Experiment Station, for the past five years, has been mainlyconducted along the lines of endeavoring todiscover the cause of infectious abortion in cowsand mares, a disease which annually causes alarge loss to stockmen of this State; the production of anti-hog cholera serum; feeding experiments with swine; dipping experiments withsheep; and forage poisoning of live stock.The organism causing the disease of abortionin the cow and the organism causing infectiousabortion in the mare have been discovered. Wehave determined that the disease in the cowand in the mare is caused by two distinct germs.Practical methods have been evolved of diagnosing this disease, by drawing samples of bloodfrom the cow and mare. Bulletins have beenpublished giving the results of these investigations. Experiments are now in progress forthe determination of a method of controllingthe disease.During the past year, this Division has prepared some eighty thousand doses of anti-hogcholera serum. The equipment for the prepara-mmmmaxxsfffmitmBiBleeding a Hyper-Immune for Anti-HogCholera Serum.tion of the serum, however, has been too smallto keep up with the demand. A large bricklaboratory and other buildings for the production of hog cholera serum are now nearly com--112THE MONTHLY MAGAZINEpleted. These buildings will provide for sufficient equipment to produce serum per week tovaccinate five thousand one-hundred pound pigs.It is estimated that three hundred and sixtythousand dollars was saved the farmers of thisstate, last year, by serum obtained from thisStation. The annual loss in this state from hogcholera exceeds the one million dollar mark.The amount that will be saved the commonwealth, next year, from an increase in the production of serum, will exceed one-half milliondollars. A bulletin on hog cholera and theserum treatment is nearly ready for the press.N4L tjiA- ml ' i iffI-Some of the Lots for Feeding Experimentswith Swine.A bulletin will also soon be published by theAnimal Husbandry Division giving the resultsof swine feeding experiments, conducted duringthe past four years at this Station.From the results of experiments conductedby this Division in conjunction with the Bureauof Animal Industry, it was determined that flowers of sulphur does not enhance tobacco dips,in the curing of sheep scabies. As a result ofthis experiment, the Bureau of Animal Industry,Washington, D. C, discontinued the requirementot the addition of sulphur in tobacco dips, inthe official dipping of sheep for scabies, a rulingwhich saves a large amount of money annuallyto users of tobacco dips.A bulletin on forage poisoning, or so-calledcerebro-spinal meningitis in horses, mules andcattle has also been issued by this Division.AGRONOMY DEPARTMENTAgronomy may well be defined as the art andscience of crop production. This definition willgive a good idea of the scope of work that isincluded under the head of agronomic investigations, and will show the fundamental impor-rioune useoLtris. U5E.OAlfalfa Bunches Arranged in Proportion to Growthon Limed and Unlimed Plots.tance of the work of this Division, for the studyof crop production takes into account all factors which may have an influence upon the yieldand profitableness of a given crop, such as thesoil, seed, culture, management and climate.Undoubtedly the most important line of investigation of the Agronomy Division is the studyof soils. The restoration and maintenance ofsoil fertility is one of the most important problems of the present time, and is so recognizedby our best informed men.Recently the acquisition by the Station ofsmall farms in different parts of the state, representing different soil types in each case, offersgreat opportunities to learn more about thenecessary treatment to bring these lands up toproductivity and to maintain a high level ofproductiveness. This work will mean much tothose sections of the state where the resultssecured on the Station farm do not apply because of the difference in type of land.In crop work the Division is attempting byvariety tests to find the best varieties of grainsgVariety Tests of Wheat. Note the poor showingof the plot in the center as comparedwith those on each side.and seeds for the different sections of the state,and to provide for the distribution of such seeds.Efforts will be continually made to further improve by selection and breeding. Cultural testswith different crops are made in order to determine the methods that will give the best results,and at the same time be practical and economical in operation. Farm machinery is studiedrfifB H a Bis k 'jflj hSSaSBsBvfit BBRBylsfl0flYJBYflYflYfllmZiB BBBvNHtc v-v vHBBBBflflfljStudents Learning to Set Up Farm Machinery.from the standpoint of economy of production,and the Division has a very creditable line ofimplements which it tests for different purposes.In the College of Agriculture the Division ofAgronomy gives instruction in soil physics, soilfertility, crops, plant breeding, farm mechanicsand farm management. For the teaching ofthese subjects a splendidly equipped soil physicsand soil fertility laboratory is provided and awell lighted and well equipped crop and seedlaboratory.The State Pure Food and Drug work is located at the Experiment Station, and is thusgiven the benefit of all of the elaborate scientific corps and equipment which the FederalGovernment maintains at the Station. ThisDepartment of the Station analyzed over 5,000samples of foods and drugs in 1912, and handled2,880 cases of adulteration or misbranding. Thesesamples were analyzed by both chemists andbacteriologist, and covered a wide range of foodand drug samples. Among the samples analyzedwere artificial egg and fruit preparations used bybakers, and which contained no egg or fruit;vinegars made to look like apple vinegar, andwhich contained no apple; "apple" ciders whichcontained no apple; dried fruits containing sulphur dioxide; rice polished of its valuable phosphates, and coated with ground talcum or glucose. The drug inspector and chemist foundfreckle removers containing very poisonousdrugs; a long list of ordinary preparations thathad been either put up half strength or had deteriorated. They found a preparation being soldthe farmers at an extravagant price, for feedingto cattle and hogs, and recommended to cure along list of diseases, which was found to contain3 Ml'.jn?i ijBr -si jvssaaiflBBB' J-sBBESBSBBBBk iBBB&he , -Ms SbbbVSVSVSbbEjPfT i , wjhvbb1bbbbbVSBBpBBBmBBBmBR- i jJgaaBWJ.Pure Food Laboratory.only salt, charcoal, and ordinary copperas. Aninvestigation among pop factories found some ofthem to be purchasing used crown corks from thedumps, and using them again on the bottles of pop,with little or no washing. In some instances theyfound pops being made out of any kind of water,ond in the majority of instances they found thepops containing little or no fruit.This Department inspects the bakeries, grocery stores, slaughterhouses and dairies. Thebakers have joined behind the work of inspectionprobably more than any other class of the trade,and the result of this work has accumulatedinto an experimental bakery to help in solvingbakers' problems, and to help them estimate thevalue of various ingredients used in the products. The field inspectors have collected milkfrom most of the dairies, and the bacteriologisthas examined it for contamination. This inspection not only includes finding a fault with thesample obtained from the market, but the following up and taking of samples from the variouspoints in the dairyman's process, and showingjust where the objectionable bacteria come intothe milk, and how to correct it.The Department regards the municipal abattoir as the best remedy for the local meat situation. It has made a study of the municipalabattoir system both in this country and abroad,and has drawn plans for any city or town wanting such advice.One important feature of the work has beensanitary conditions in the preparation and sale offood, and the task of changing conditions amongthe numberless ice cream makers, pop factories,retail grocery stores, meat markets, poultrykilling establishments, slaughterhouses, and soon, has been a very difficult one. This Department of the Station states that the sanitary sideof the food supply is one in which the trade, theconsumers, and the local city and county officials must cooperate if substantial results areestablished and maintained.The Kentucky Pure Food work has accomplished the putting of labels showing adulteration or substitution upon a large number of foodproducts. These labels have been put on aftermany fights for the benefit of consumers. Consumers can now tell whether a drug containsa habit-forming or poisonous ingredient, orwhether the foods contain an inferior substitute,or a preservative, by reading the labels.13Possibilities of Fruit Growing in KentuckyC. W. MathewsProfessor of Horticulture, Agricultural College, Kentucky State UniversityTHE MONTHLY MAGAZINETV HE people are few, whether in agriculture,trade or professional life, who are not subject to the tendency shown in all humanexj irience of conceiving that by some change ofen iron men t, life will be enriched by more abund nt rewards of labor. It is fortunate for the racet lat this optimistic seeking for a better country hasao widely held sway in human nature. Combinedwith the spirit of adventure, it has produced thehardy pioneer of our own and other lands, nowherebetter manifested perhaps, than among the earlysettlers of our own state. This spirit of restlessadventure, however, brought down to our own timeand place, is not without its disadvantages both toour state and to the individual. Lured by the glowing tales of some new El Dorado in distant partsof the western country, thousands of Kentuckyfarmers and fruit growers have, within the lastgeneration sacrificed in large part, the accumulatedresources and experience acquired in the Kentucky home, and ignoring the possibilities aboutthem, have started out in the hope of finding amore fruitful soil and a more equable climate.Some, of course, have succeeded, but many havemet with disappointment if not disaster, whilelearning the hard lesson that no part of our landis without its own peculiar drawbacks and hindrances to success.To the impartial observer, coming from acrossthe seas, it may be confidently asserted that fewstates of our Union would present a more satisfactory combination of favorable conditions forhorticultural enterprise than would our own stateof Kentucky. Many of these favorable conditionsfor horticulture, are unappreciated, and have longbeen overlooked by our own people.What, it may be asked, are some of these favorable conditions for horticulture?First, as to its latitude, the situation of Kentuckyis ideal. Lying midway between the Gulf and theKentucky Orchard Under Clean Culture.Gieat Lakes, it has enough of heat and a sufficientlylong summer to permit the maturing of two andsometimes three properly selected crops, throughthe season ; a main cash crop, perhaps, being preceded or followed by any one of a dozen valuablecatch or cover crops that will largely insure themaintenance of soil fertility through coming years.This latitude also provides just enough of cold inits short winter to promote that vigor of mind andbody that has always characterized the people oftemperate zones in contrast to those of the tropics.On the other hand, its winter is mild enough topermit growing the widest possible variety of thosefruits, vegetables and ornamental plants that aresuited to temperate latitudes. Compare our condition in this respect with Minnesota, the Dakotasand other states of the cold Northwest. There,but few varieties of apples are successfully cultivated, peaches are eliminated altogether, grapes andthe bush fruits must be laboriously laid to theground and covered each year as winter approaches,to insure keeping life in them from one season tothe next. It is true that even in Kentucky, once ortwice in a generation, there is an exceptionallysevere winter, that causes some winter killing, butthis occurs, for the most part, only among treesor plants that have previously been weakened invitality from some other cause.How rarely do we appreciate the blessings of ourabundant rainfall an average of 44 inches for thewhole state (in 1912 it was 48 inches). Comparethis with the scanty supply of the western half ofour country, ranging from 25 inches down to 10inches and less in an entire year. It is true thatthey practice irrigation with gieat success, but letit be remembered that even irrigation does not increase the total amount of water falling upon agiven area; it only takes the quota falling uponone part and conves it to another. Often thereis not enough for all sections of a given area, andthe shortage leads to strife and constant legalbickerings in the courts, as witnessed in Coloradoand other states of the semi-arid regions, in recentyears. The blessings of irrigation should not, ofcourse, be ignored. It alone has made possible therapid development of many of the great commonwealths of the West. There is a place for irrigation in many parts even of the humid East, and itwill undoubtedly be utilized more and more in coming yearsThe soils of Kentucky, as in most states of suchlarge area, vary in quality, but most of them aregood and some are of superlative excellence. Where,as in some large areas they are somewhat lackingin one or two of the essential constituents of soilfertility, these elements can be cheaply supplied fromthe superabundance of neighboring areas with greatsuccess and profit. Suitable temperature conditions,ample rainfalls, good soils together form a guarantyof generous harvests. Combined with good andample markets, they insure when rightly utilized, aliberal degree of agricultural prosperity.While the urban markets of Kentucky are stillsomewhat limited, many of them are yet in needof much more liberal supplies of home-grown fruitsand vegetables than they are able now to secure.All about us, however, are the large towns andcities of other states, making a constant and insatiable demand for these food products.Turning from the theoretical view of what Kentuckians might do with their resources of climateand soil, let us look for a moment at what is nowbeing done here and there in our midst, by enterprising growers who are awake to the advantageshere, rather than dreaming of fortunes to be wonin some distant field. In a western county of theslate, a painstaking apple grower has repeatedlysold a crop from his orchard at approximately $500per acre, and on several occasions has receivedtwice and more than twice what he paid for hisentire farm less than twenty years before. In thisyear of 1913, (a rather unfavorable season), a fruitgiower in one of the northern counties has hadreturns of over $400 per acre from the sometimesdespised blackberry crop. The strawberry growersof Warren County, as a result of getting togetherin an association, several years ago, for the purpose of lessening the costs of production and marketing, have recently closed a successful season.The area here has increased in a few years from afew scattering plots to a total of 1,000 acres, whichhave yielded large returns to the intelligent grower.A Productive Kentucky Vineyard.Here and there, in other lines of horticulture,other marked successes have been achieved by theintelligent grasping of the opportunities all over thestate. Multitudes of openings yet remain fro successful careers in horticulture. They are found inmarket gardening, in winter vegetables under glass,in flower culture, in supplying new mining townswith fruits and vegetables, in orcharding, in grapegrowing and other horticultural undertakings.The lands of Kentucky are yet low in price, fuelis cheap and relatively little is required, food iseasily produced for the farmer's family, and eagermarkets still await the gardener and fruit growerwho will intelligently supply them.naturedly, but Dave was witty and indulged insome caustic sarcasm that burned deep.""About a week after he got there I was sentfor, and made acting foreman. I soon saw thecondition of affairs as far as he was concerned.The day after I got to the home ranch, I tookhim out ostensibly to do some work, but reallyto give him some advice for I had taken quiteA Son of DixieContinued from page 7.)a liking to him. I told him that I wanted to seehim make good and gave him a pretty completesketch of a cowboy's life. He said to me, 'I appreciate what you are doing for me and realizehow I might have made things easier for myself.My folks are well to do in the East, and I wasbrought up with rather an exaggerated idea ofmy own importance, and given a good education,which included athletics in all of its branches.Then my father gave me a little money and toldme to go out and hustle for myself for a year.I came West a few months ago, and about allthe hustling I've done was to get rid of themoney. I am going to stay out here and makegood. I will deeply appreciate any help or advice you give me, for I did not know a thing14THE MONTHLY MAGAZINEabout ranch life until I got here, andwhile I thought I was some rider inthe East I soon found that riding acow pony was an especial educationin itself. I have spent most of myspare time, when no one was around,practicing with a rope and trying outa few of the milder bronchs' over inthe back corral. I was getting alongfairly well with my experiments till Istruck "old Pete" yesterday and theresult was rather disastrous. I gavethe cook a dollar to patch me up lastnight, and he told me "old Pete" wasthe mildest mannered and "orneriest"bronch' that was ever touched bypigskin.' 'Hurt you, did he?' I asked.'Well, he bruised me up considerablyand my arm is very sore.' I madehim take off his shirt, and his sidewas a mass of bruises. 1 tell you,I admired that boy's pluck. Hisright arm was so sore that he couldbarely raise it. His whole right sidewas black and blue. Nobody hadknown anything about it exceptingthe cook, whom he had bribed tokeep quiet. I was out on range business all the next day, and when I got !back the boys had had their supper.The cook told me that 'Tex' had re- jturned that morning, and that he was ,afraid there was going to be trouble Ibetween 'Tex' and Dave. He told methat Dave's pony had disappeared, iand that that afternoon the boys had jkindly offered to select a new mountfor Dave. They had insisted on hisgoing over with them to the backcorral, where they had roped and jsaddled 'old Pete', and led him out ifor Dave to ride. Dave had refused jto accept their selection and toldthem he would pick out a horse for jhimself the next day. Whereupon ,'Tex' had said, 'What's the matter? IAre you afraid of him?' in a sneeringtone. Dave had answered, 'No, butI'm not riding any man-killers forithe education of friendly cowboysand he turned away and went backto the bunk house. Now 'Tex' wasa peculiar character, he was a big Jpowerful fellow with something of a jreputation as a pugilist. On those !rare occasions when a cowboy gets to 'town 'Tex' would celebrate by get-'ting very drunk, and for a week af- iWE CAN MAKE THAT OLD HAT LOOK MIGHTY GOODHATSSOFTSTIFFSILKCLEAN1D, 1YEDBL03KEDRETRIMMED9th Ave. and Vine St.Panamas and Straw Hats Bleachedand BlockedANY STYLE ANY SIZESend Your Hat to Us or Write Us About itJOHN T. MORAND CO.CINCINNATI, O.PHONE CANAL 388eSVvaaaaaaaaaaBAMPHIONGLEE CLUBAn organization of exceptional talent, witha personnel of individual excellence.Has "made good" where thestrongest demands haveprevailed.Available for concert and entertainmentwork, lodge and social functions,church entertainments,societies, banquets, etc.rir isirvteyADDRESSMR. S. W. COFFMANCare of Chamber of Commerce CINCINNATI, OHIOt" KJr . Mijkunderstand one thing, and that is thatthis boy is to be let alone.' I turnedto Dave, who meanwhile had recov-prprl Tiiej inmnnciirB onrl cn!l 'Tolroterwards seemed to be possessed of ff ,,. ;, . -n T . .' ,..... : . orr your shirt, Dave, I want to show, the boys something.' 'I shall do nosuch thing, Wood, I am amply ableI to deal with these gentlemen, myself.'i But I cut him short, and said, 'Don'tj be a fool, if you won't show them, Ij will.' So I reached over and toreI open his shirt and showed the boysan evil spirit (not meaning to pun),and it was very difficult to do anything with him. After that was overhe was not a bad fellow, and wellliked by the boys. Knowing his little peculiarities. I hastened over tothe bunk house, for I feared trouble,as I neared it I heard 'Tex's' loudhlS SiHp. 'This hnv crnt thic vocfpr.voice and Dave's calm itone, slightly day frQm . tQ ride oMraised, answering with cutting sar- j and yQU can easiy that he Js .ncasm. i Knew wnat cue result wuuiuWood straightened up in his chair,and his voice trembled imperceptibly."I never shot a man.""Then there was no truth to thestory that you shot someone.""Yes," replied Wood, "I shot awoman."(To be Continued.)12cbe so I hurried in, just in time to seeboth of them on the center of thefloor, to see 'Tex' strike at Dave, andas Dave ducked sideways, to see'Tex' grasp him by the shoulders.'Tex' was some fifty pounds theheavier, with a grip like steel, and Iknew the pain that that boy musthave suffered. I jumped in and withsome little effort, pulled 'Tex off,and said to him, 'You big brute, inthe future I want you and the restof your gentlemanly companions tono condition to ride a buckingbronch', or to scrap with anybody.'Despite all their roughness the boyswere manly, and I could see thatthey were ashamed. I gave them alittle lecture and they all shook handswith Dave, even 'Tex', and it wasn'tvery long until he was the most popular man there.""No wonder he thinks so much ofyou, Wood," said Jean, "but Bettywrites me that there was some storyabout you shooting a man out West.Won't you tell me about it?"BIRTH STONE RINGSGreatest Ring Offer q N L Yovci iiiauc, guaranteed five years. Asan advertisement wegive this beautifuleold-filled Ladies'ring with proper stone for anv monthONLY 12 CENTS in stamps to pay forpaciuiig ana mailing, otaxe size anamonth.REXFORD CO.936 Market St. Philadelphia, Pa.GOVERNMENT POSITIONSLet us tell you how to get one. We know.Get our free catalog. If you don't passit won't cost you anything. You must beover IS years of age and have a commonschool education. Try for a RailwayMail position, Letter Carrier, P. 0. Clerk,Customs or whatever you like.IHt N. L. b. Box 41 LAKE CITY. MINN.1Don't You Often Need aLight in a Hurry?Not a Luxury, butan Absolute NecessityEspeciallyin Rural HomesELECTRIC Press ""on.PI ACUIir'UTC Absolutely afe.rLAMlLlbHi:) A dazzling ligbtimmediately. Complete with bestgrade battery and long life tungstenbattery. $0.50 to $2.40. Send forcomplete circular.THE JOHNSON ELECTRICSUPPLY COMPANY232-234 E. Fifth St. CINCINNATI, 0.Let us quote yon prices oi Electric Faisaid eyerything ia the Electrical LiaelBr -CHRISTIAN MARTYRS GIVEN TO THE LIONSCHRISTIANITY is the greatest fact in history. The early Christians endured martyrdom rather than forsake Principle. Thepicture shown herewith, from Ridpath's History, depicts 87,000 people assembled in the Coliseum at Rome to witness theChristians given to the lions. In such a scene may be read the inevitable doom of the Empire that ruled the world. The blood of the Martyrs is the seed from whichChristian civilization sprang. If you would know the history of mankind every sacrifice for principle, every struggle for liberty, every conflict and every achievement, from thedawn of civilization down to the present time then embrace this splendid opportunity to place in your homeRidpath's History of the WorldDr. John Clark Ridpath is universally recognized as America's greatest historian. The English speaking world has endorsed this workas the only History of the World worth having. We have shipped this splendid set of books to delighted readers living in every State in the Union, and everypurchaser is more than satisfied. We have only a few sets remaining, brand new, beautifully bound in half morocco, which we offer at a very low price and on easy terms.Never Again Such a Book Bargain as This!We will name our price and easy terms only in direct letters to those sending the coupon below. Tear off the coupon, write name and address plainlyand mail now before you forget it. Dr. Ridpath is dead, his work is done, but his family derive their income from his History and to printour price broadcast for the sake of more quickly selling these sets would cause great injury to future sales. No agent will call. Sample pages free.President McKinleysaid: "I am familiar with the merits ofRidpath's History of the World, and cordially commend it to the scholar as wellas to the plain people generally."William J. Bryansaid: "Dr. Ridpath's History of the Worldis a lasting monument to the author'sintelligence and industry. It is thoroughand comprehensive, and will be a permanent help to an increasing number as areference library."President WarrenBoston University, said: "I should beglad to see it placed in the library of everyyoung person in the United States, andeven in the English speaking world. Infamilies where there are bright children itw ill render excellent service to the cause ofpopular intelligence."Bishop Vincentsaid: "Ridpath's History is in clear andagreeable style, comprehensive in treatment, readable type and admirable illustrations. This set of books is a permanentcollege chair of general history in one'sown house."ii V UK MNineBeautifulRoyalOctavoVolumes4,000 double column pages2,000 superb illustrationsRIDPATH'S enviable position as an historian is due to hiswonderfully beautiful style, a style no other historian has ever equalled.He pictures the gieat historical events as though they were happening beforeyour ejes; he carries you with him to see the battles of old; to meet kingsand queens and warriors; to sit in the Roman Senate; to march against Saladinand his dark-skinned followers; to sail the Southern Seas with Drake; to circumnavigate the globe 4th Magellan; to watch the Greek spearmen workhavoc with the Persian hordes on the field of Marathon. He combines absorbing interest with supreme reliability.RIDPATH in your home means you need never spend a lonelyevening. You can associate with the world's heroes: you can cross the Rubicon with Cajsar, after which Rome was free no more. You can sit at the feet ofSocrates, the loftiest genius of the ancient world. It is ennobling to communewith these children of destiny. To be associated with great men and events isto be great one's self, and you will add to your store of knowledge, which ispower, and to the richness of your life.RIDPATH takes you back to tbe dawn of history, long beforethe pyramids of Egypt were built; down through the romantic, troubled timesof Chaldea's grandeur and Assyria's magnificence; of Babylonia's wealth andluxury; of Grecian and Roman splendor; of Mohammedan culture and refinement-of French elegance and British power; of American patriotism andreligious freedom, to the dawn of yesterday. He covers every race, every nation,every time, and holds you spellbound by his wonderful eloquence. Nothingmore interesting, absorbing and inspiring was ever written by man.O IDPATH throws the mantle of personality over the old heroesof history. Alexander is there; patriot, warrior, statesman, diplomat,crowning the glory of Grecian history. Xerxes, from his mountain p.form, sees Themistocles, with three hundred and fifty Greek shipsmash his Persian fleet of over a thousand sail, and help to mouiathe language in which this paragraph is written. Rome perchesNero upon the greatest throne on earth, and so sets up a poormaaman s name to stand for countless centuries as the svn-nonym of savage cruelty: Napoleon fights Waterloo aunder your very eyes, and reels before the iron factat last the end of his gilded dream has come. Bismarckis there, gruff, overbearing, a giant pugilist indiplomatic ring, laughing with grim disdain aFrance, which says "You shall not." Washingtois there, "four-square to all the winds." gravethoughtful, proof against the wiles of Britistrategy and the poisoned darts of falsefriends: clear-seeins: over the headshis fellow-countrymen, and on into another century, the most colossal.FREECOUPONworld-figure of his time.Send CouponTodayWESTERNNEWSPAPERASSOCIATIONH. E. SEVER, President140 So. Dearborn St., ChicagoPlease mail without C03t to mc. vour 4fi nn?nBampieDoouetoi HidpaUTs History of the World,cntainine ohotoeravures of Nanolmn nnri OnponEhzabeth, cncraunca of Socrates. Caesar and fihnlp-speare.maD of China and JaDan. diairram of Panama Pnnnland write me full particulars of vour snecial offpr to AssociatedPublisher's Magazine readers.NAME.ADDRESS..3::'The splendid -power to charm, to please,To add to happiness, to joy and ease,Dwells within the walls of these."-7(-The Otto Grau PianoCompany222-224 West Fourth StreetCINCINNATI, OHIORepresent exclusively the following famous makes ofPianos and Player-Pianos:foauniidhi auadl B&dhj,my aimd So Go JUbmdmampJ0 amid Co FkelWeiTo P&dksurdLidWfe Cinmpaimyp IHL Pwnmw annd Company, WaGarlhi&irdj, MayimairdiIfficffllBffcaurllboirop waftlk maimy ftlaeirsAnd Our OwnGrau Pianos 2H$ Player-PianosPronounced by experts as possessing the highestdesrree of artistic meritSatisfactory arrangements can be made on theTerm Payment PlanA Complete New Line of Victrolasand Victor RecordsHas Just Been InstalledAbsolutely New Music for your Player-Piano at the following prices:1.75 Rolls at1.50 Rolls at -1.25Rolls at1.00 Rolls at -.75Rolls at.50 Rolls at -90c- 88c79c- 63c44c- 33cVictrola Prices from $15 to $200Sold on the Grau Convenient Payment PlanImmediate Attention Given to MailOrdersA jVuiEAL?(SiIt would be a pleasure to show you any of our fine lines or to answer any inquiries by mail:r