- vy,i.jt ri--1 1rtS-r-? - lS ..vfgF-?"-"VHf--'." Ml MHB HMB, fl --k u B H Bt HNEWSBOURBONtPUBLISHED EVFBY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARH-aVOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, SEPT. 19, 1913.prfictynTTfy ' laswwIllJ&MBifU1ZpifcO-?-: HK Jfcss'TT:&"aAlvin Silver PlateIs Made in But OneQuality"THE VERY BEST kSee the George WashingtonPattern in Our WindowiASSAULTED INSURANCE AGENTWITH A MONKEY WRENCH.A warrant charging him with assault with a monkey wrench with intent to kill, was sworn out by JudgeE. B. January last night againstAaron Cassity, C. A. Ellis, an agentin the employ of the Metropolitan Insurance Co., was thw complainant. Itis alleged that Ellis went to Cassityat the tailoring shop of Thomas Bros,on Main street to collect a premiumfrom Cassity, who it is said claimedto have previously paid the money.An argument ensued, culminating inCassity picking up a monkey wrenchand striking Ellis on the jaw. Thejawbone was fractured in threeplaces. Ellis was taken to the officeof Dr. F. M. Faries, wjiere the fractured bone was set by Dr. Faries andDr. Harry Mathers.fjJBivf' 'wCOLUMBIA THEATERToday at the Columbia three firstclass pictures will be shown. "Single Handed Jim," an American, athrilling story picture of Western lifewith that little touch of romance hatmakes the pictures more ineresing."The Banker' s Sons," a Majesticdrama showing the power of moneyand how it can be used when thosenear to us are involved, "Get RichQuick," a Keystone comedy, one ofthose pictures that makes all the people go to the Columbia. Mr . PercyReed, baritone singer, will be heardboth afternoon and evening.19 Pounds thea.ioesTEastern Sugar $1.00With a $3.00 Purchase.Old Reliable Coffee, Per Pound 30cSilver Sea Coffee, Per Pound .... 30cMayflower Coffee, Per Pound v- 30cBulk Coffees, Per Pound, 20c, 25c --. and 30cTry this 20c Coffee it is the same as youhave been paying 25c for.Pink Salmon, Per Can... -10cRed Salmon, two Cans - 25cThe Best Red Salmon, Per Can 20cPure Cider Vinegar, Per Gallon 30cThese are just a few of the many things thatwe can save you money on. Call and let usfigure with you for your winter supply ofGROCERI ESbefore they advance. CASH always getsthe best for the least money.Stone's Wrapped Cakesreceived fresh every day.T. C. LENIflAN.Cash Grocery.SEED WHEAT, RYE ANDTIMOTHY.Ohio Fulfz Seed Wheat,Northern Seed Rye, fancyquality Timothy Seed.We have large stocks ofthe above at market prices.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO."A BUSY SALES AGENT.Mr. T. A. Hendricks, the popularsales agent for the famous HigginAll Metal Screens, Weather Strips andthe famous Walger New Model Awnings, was visitor in Paris yesterday.Mr. Hendricks says that Paris is undoubtedly the best town in his territory. He has fitted a hundred homesin 'Paris with the celebrated Higginproducts. Yesterday 'he made several large contracts for fitting homesand public buildings with the HigginMetal Weather Strips. He asks theNews to say to the Paris people thaton account of the rushing fall business, he may not be able to see allhis customers in person, but if theywill drop in a line to Lexington, orcall phone 2585, he will either cometo Paris or send a representative tomake estimates on work for them.Don't forget the name, T. A. Hendricks, Lexington, Ky., phone 2585,agent for ""the famous Higgin AllMetal Screens and Meta 1 Strips.Watch next issue of the News for advertisement. (It)4SI$BWktaSk &"WE KNOW HOW"There is No Myst;efyIn This FactTHAT Season after Seasonx Year after Year our Customers Return to usfor their Clothes. Itsimply goes to prove first thatour customers are discriminating judges of value and securedthat the clothes we sell in everyway meet the standard thatour customers set.Fall HatsNow On DisplayWe are shoning all thejnewshapes, shades and kinds.Mitchell & Blakesnore,Outfitters to IVIenParis Kentuckyrtfffiiw'PTmwmmmmmLEXINQTON.I.Fall Fashion Week September 29thto October 4thEvery man and woman in CentralKentucky should see this gala display from the wide world of fashion.During fashion week all the shopwindows and stores of Lexxingtonwill "be ablaze with the beauty of theseason's newest creations in everyline.Make your plans to visit Lexingtonduring FASHION WEEK, September29th to October 4th. It will profityou in many ways. 16-2tKFwmmiiiimHJtmiminniiiiimmiiiiiiiiiiiimiimi!hsbhkmhhnnmiiinsinaiiiiEmiimmjiiiiimmmiiiiimimiiiriiij5FRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.:inWho Is Your Tailor ?We Have 500 Samples of Woolens toMake Your Suit to Order15 to $50Now is the Time to Make a SelectionFor a Fall Suit1RELIGIOUSUS$A Large Line of Fall Hats andCaps for Men and Boys.FR16B fie 60. Giotniersand FurnishersSt. Peter's Episcopal church, Rev.G. H. Harris, rector. Sunday school.:30 a .m. Sunday being St. Matthew's day, there will be acelebrationoi' the Holy Communion and a sermona'o 1G:45 a m.A cordial invitation is extended lothe public to attend the services ofthis church.A special meeting of the EpworthLeague of the Methodist Church willbe held September 21. The PresidentMr. Dennis Snapp, will preside overthe meeting. The following interesting program will be carried out bythe members of the league. Thirtynew members have been received.The meeting is for the reception ofthe new jnember.s.Following is the program:Voluntary By Organist.Song No. 10, "Coming to Thee'Choir.Song No. 112, "That Sweet Story"Lord's Prayer in Union.Song No. 27, Wonderful Name'Congregation.Scripture Lessons, Ephesians vi. 1018; John xv. 1-7.Solo, "I'm a Prilgrim" Mrs. H. A.Power.Address, "Steady, Faithful andTrue" President Dennis V. Snapp.Song, No. 14, "Jesus is Calling"Congregation.Reading, ''Our Policy ad Plansfor, the Coming Year" Mr. FinnellGalloway. 'Solo, "The Church in . the Wild.wood Mrs. Frank H. Bryan.Recitation, "Speak No IU'VrMiss-Gladys ""Snapp.Recognition 'of New Members.Song No. 29, , Wonderful Story"Congregation. C ' ABenediction Mr N. H. 3radley.Closing the league benediction.Announce -t Now Ready For. Your InspectionNew Fall and Winter StyfesIn 'Ladies9, Misses9 and Junior'sSuits, Cloaks, Dresses ,VSilk and Evening Dresses -EveningWraps and Coats 'f Silk and Crepe KimonasSeparate Skirts m Variety of StylesEMillinery at Popular Pricesi Come in and Look AroundFRANK Sc C& lA nil mil iiiiiiiiimiiimimiii- , : . vxI4-a-j-1ifTHE BQMRBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1913, jctfa h. VAftTOttMVAftAaVtJgyi.fiSi:. --mBourbon LaundryDWIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.West 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes brack on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatee 3i)4sLEBUS DEFENDSh.mBURLEY COMPANYChallenges Kehoe at Launchingof Insurgent Campaign.HOT SHOT FOR OPPOSITIONMaysville Banker Throws Hat Into theRing, But Has String Tied to ItHis Charges Against ManagementAnswered, and His Record as Friendof Growers' Cause Assailed.Paris Kentucky. '))'J,,rr,T',3. iv'vlJBourbon Laundry,8 4MftMPi! al T5YJ5iJf:kDoubly Glad U the Man Who SmokesV?cC67&e& 'vyujjeiAe?s.,Glad to smoke this- pure old Virginia andNorth Carolina bright leaf with its natural, tobacco taste. Aged and stemmed and then' granulated. Tucks quickly in the pipe rollseily into a cigarette.wKth each sack a book of cigarette papersAnd smokers are glad to get the free present coupons enclosed in each 5c sack. These .coupons' are good for a great variety of pleasingarticles cameras, talking machines, balls,skates, safety razors, china, furniture, toiletarticles, etc. Many things that will delight ,old or young. - - .,As a special offer. We Will Send OUr new tl-lustrated catalog of these presents XKILUj.Just send us your name and ad-- dress on a postal. JLinsoffer expires DecemberSI, 1913. In everysack cf Liggett MyersDuke's Mixture is oneand a half ounces ofsplendid tobacco and afree present coupon.Coupons from Duke i Mixture maybe assorted with taes from : HORSESHOE. J.T.. TINSLEY'S NATURALLEAF. GRANGER TWIST, and coupons from FOURROSES i. Weltn doublecoon), PICK PLUG CUT. PIED.MONT CIGARETTES, CLIX CIGARETTES, and other taS or couponsissued by us.Premium Dept.W4nJ 1 1 "'imiimi a$LSS!3IiogtZu 54xSt. Louis. Mo. fCOSTLY TREATMENT."I was troubled with constipationand Indigestion and s.pent hundredsof dollars for medicine and treatment," writes C. H. Hines, of Whitlow,Ark. "I went to a St Louis hospital,also to a hospital in New Orleans, butno cure was ffected. On returningioma I begaa using Chamberlain'sTablets, and worked right along. IWMd them for some time aad am nowail rigkt." Sold by all dealers.(JLapwt)After any Sicknessor Operationdoctors prescribe SCOTT'SEMULSION it contains thevital dements nature cravesto repair waste, create pureblood ad smild physical strengthNo Alcohol or Ostiate -Scott Sc Sowae. Btqomfield. N. jT 12-23Lexington, Ky. In a special dispatchfrom WiUkmstown, a staff correpondent of. the Lexington Herald says':"Bxkngresf man J. N. Kehoe, now aMaysvllle banker, whom 'Reorganizationists' recently besought to becometheir candidate for the Preeidenoy ofthe Borfay Tobacco Company, threwhis hat Into th ring here today. Although a string was tied to it, thefresh-cast tile immediately was subjected to a round of kicks calculatedto batter eren a crown. The seat ofGrant County had been selected bybackers as fledgling ground uponwhich the prospective candidate couldtry his wings, their further course tobe determined by the reception whichhis platform, might receive. Judgedby the enthusiasm of the steeringcommittee, he acquitted himself totheir satisfaction."An applause squad of eleven men,the captain of which belabored a table top with a walking cane, suppliednoisy support for Mr. Kehoe's periods,but the mprjj serjoqs audience gavegenerous applause to Mr. ClarenceLeBus and Mr. Fred Stucy.Likes Fjt of Candidacy."Before he had closed, Mr. Kehoevirtually had declared his candidacy,provided conditions, which includedan agreement as to salary, were fulfilled, and he assured his hearers thata 'Bright Leaf ticket for directorssoon would be announced.'rv Ieboe declared that the decision of the Court of Appeals in theStanejier ca3e embodied his platform,and that 'usurpation of power' wouldbe the issue upon which the contestwould be pitched."Mr. Kehoe's criticism of the management of the Burley Tobacco Company was in chief the charge that theprovision in the charter for the election of officers by individual growersremaining loyal to the organization,instead of by the holders of Btock, wasput there with the purpose of usurping rights and of perpetuating men inoffice.Answered By Mr. Stucy.Challenging Mr. Kehoe's charges,Mr. Stucy said in part:"We sought the best legal talentthat we could get. What they advisedwe followed to 'the letter. We thoughtthat we had devised the most democratic method of government, and thatIt was legal. We were afraid that inthe course of time the American Tobacco Company might buy up enoughstock to control the organization andput it out of business, as it had doneits rivals. That is why we insertedin the charter the provision that allmembers of the soeiety remaining inthe organization, and not outsiderswho might buy stock, should controlits affairs."The management of the Burley Tobacco Company has had but one motive, and that has been to serve thebest interests of all growers. If whathe cites in ihe decision of the Courtof Appeals was an error, it was thebest expedient that we could devise,and was endorsed by the best legaltalent procurable."Hot Shot From Mr. LeBus.The impromptu speech of the President of the Burley Tobacco Companywas pronounced a masterly effort. Hesaid in part:"I am tired of history. I want tolook forward. Your business should goforward, and never backward. I wantto deal only with facts. If you havequestions to ask, I will answer all Ican now, and stay all night to answermore rather than go away leaving anydoubts in your mind aB to the fairnesswith which your business has beenmanaged."I see several bankers here. I wantto read an extract from a letter I havejust received. It is from the President of one of the largest banks ofLouisville:" 'Some of the members of theboard have noticed, naturally withsome concern, the newspaper reports prints, under big headlines,and feel that if continued, the internal discord cropping out isbound, in a greater or less degree,to hamper the progress of thecompany, and greatly lessen itschances of success.'Shoulders $73,000 Individually."Now, eyery man acquainted withthe unwarranted and outrageous attacks made upon this company in thecourts well knows to what this bankerrefers. Those suits in which the receiver was sought on grounds thatwere proved to be without foundationparticularly are to blame for this injury to the credit of your business."We owe that bank ?80,000, whichwas used in pushing the brand of tobacco which today gives such greatpromise. A note for $30,000 of thissum came due a few days ago, andthere was hesitation about its renewal.I had assured the bank that it wouldbe paid by September 1. I believedthat it would be paid then, not anticipating the miserable obstacles thathave been thrown in our way by enemies. To satisfy the bank of my entire faith in the stability of this business and the certainty of its future, Imyself have signed the note for $30,000. "In three banks in Lexington andone in Cymthiar. I am on the company's paper for $tf5,000 more. .1 havsbacked your business as an individualbecause I Know tnat it is souna Because I know right is on your sideand that you are going to win in spiteof all difficulties.Cha lenae to Kehoe."Now let's forget this hullabaloostirred up by a few complainers andget down to brass tacks. Is there anyman in this house who wants to takeover this liability I have assumed, andwith it the burden in toil and harrassment which I have had to bear? Inever sought the office of President ofthis concern and I never will. WhenI was persuaded to take it I made thestipulation that I should not receivea cent except on the condition thatthe business should succeed. Thatwas my platform. Will Mr. Kehoeagree to work for the company on thesame conditions? Furthermore, willhe agree to work for a salary to befixed by the board, as I did?"I wasn't hunting a job. I wasn'thunting a salary. The first requirement I wpuld suggest for any manproposed for the head, of this business would be that he have .an interest in it greater than any salary. Theinoreased price on the 600 acres oftohaoco I have grown has far outweighed any salary consideration, andalso has made my interest identicalwith those of every other grower."The first trouble this companyever had came from Mason County.The county is not to be blamed for it.Mr. Kehoe, more than any man alive,was responsible. He organized a warehouse company. He secured tih Presidency and had his salary fixed at $2,-400 a year.Extortion Is Alleged."Then he secured a contract withthe county organization by which thegrowers had to pay his warehouse$1.25 for handling, whether in winteror gummer order. The average costof prizing was 65 cents. We protested against this excessive charge, butMr. Kehoe stood firm. Records showthat his warehouse company received$17,000 above the sum paid for handling in Harrison County. This extortion was one of the prime causes ofthe formation of the Burley TobaccoCompany."And about this salary howl. In1906 Mr". Kehoe received $2,400 for3,764 hogBheads handled by his company, and in 1907 he received thesame sum for 5,026 hogsheads handled.Those years the Burley Tobacco Society handled 50,000 and 65,000 hogsheads, respectively. According to hisscale, a salary of $35,000 would havebeen paid to the President of the Burley Tobacco Society. So much forhigh salaries.Record in Service."United we stand and divided wefall. Grand motto. If the "majoritywant Mr. Kehoe, I am always for majority rule. He speaks of what hasbeen (Jone as 'what we have done.'What has he been doing since 1908?What consideration may be claimedby any grower who has hidden in thebushes while loyal workers have beenwhipping the trust?"He did organize a warehouse company, which was sold out to the Louisville Warehouse Company. I neverheard of his trying to organize a Burley growers' warehouse or of his giving any aid or sympathy to thobewarehouses established by the organization elsewhere. But he did organizea second warehouse company in Maysvllle after the first one had been soldout and tried to sell the stock in Burley territory. Also, he's a banker, bucnever have I heard of his growing tobacco. Officers Should Know Business."What I want to emphasize is thatgrowers should select men to conducttheir business who are qualified withknowledge of that business. When Iam' sick I want a doctor, and not alawyer or a politician. Mr. Kehoe hasspoken of his efforts during the earlyyears of this movement. Where "washe in 1909 and 1910 and 1911 and 1912?As he has said, I would judge men forthe future by their conduct in the past."I challenge any man to show thatany raembr of the board has notworked conscientiously and honestlyand faithfully for the interests of thewhole industry. If you allow thisbusiness to fail, it can not be restoredin a hundred years. Do I want sevenor fifteen cents for the tobacco I grow?Do you want seven or fifteen centsfor your tobacco?Growers Not Dissatisfied. .."As I have said, I am not a candidate for any office, but when a successor to me is chosen I want him to be aman who knows the tobacco businessand in whose hands my interests andthe interests of every grower willbe safe, and, as far as I am concerned,he can take over all the honors andsateiry and all the troubles and financial obligations I carry."We have got the best and greatestindependent factory in the world. Nobusiness ever started off as smoothlyand with greater promise. Are thegrowers dissatisfied with it? Blessyou, only those who have been de-foeived by men who have resorted tomisrepresentation. The 10 per cent reserve Mr. Kehoe now attacks enabledthe company to found this factory andbriag competition to its own breaks. Itenabled the company to protect thegrower against excessive handlingoharges, such as were charged at Maysvllle. We have established loose leafhouses and warehouses all over the district, so that the farmer could have amarket at home. The proceeds he usesin his own community, patronizinghome institutions. He is conducting hisown business and enjoying the profits.Argument Premature."The burden of Mr. Kehoe's talk isthe decision of the Court of Appeals inthose Stansifer suits. Inasmuch as weare entitled to a rehearing, use of thisas his chief argument would seem premature. The manner of Voting has continued from the beginning. Why hasn'the challenged it sooner I ie is verysure it was wrong, he says, but he islate indeed in making it an issue."He decries the public statementsmade by the company. Does the Maysvllle Warehouse Company publish allof its affairs to tho world? Does thebank of whioh Mr. Kehoe is Presidentobserve any limit as to what it shallgive out? For all of the shortcomingswhich Mr. Kehoe sees he recommendsas a remedy that the crowd whom herepresents snail be put in oontrol. .Thelsst analysis must be that the growers.? to keep yoiSpth: Iand beauty to prevent vrinklss and "crow'sfeet" and deep black circles under the eyesnothing is as -ood as2u FATOBira msESfflUPnoiirPierce'sGive it a fair trial for banishing these distressing pains oredrains on one's vitality. This prescription cr ur. riees reguiawa a tuwomanly functions. It eradicates and destroys "Female Complaints andweaknesses that make women miseraUe nnJ oU before tt eir time, ijyery girlneeds it before womanhood. Every mother reeds it. It is an lnvigoratirg tonicfor the female system. All medicine defers have sc!d it vnh satisfaction, to;customers for the past 40 years. Iz Is nowotta-nable m liquid or tablet lonaat drug stores or send 50 one-cent stamps lor trial oox, toiLv . Pierce, iJuttaio,.Z2. PIEHCS'S PISASAET PSILIiETSAnmtA ! invtrnnis Ei-smncli, liver ana bowels.Snsar coated, tiny granges, easy to take as cacay.r y " - "V A'.' f jr3ft',Btf'lfcl5KfcSB if AHot Facts About Fuel!If you have been a housekeeper any lengthof time you have probably tried different kindsof COAL. And after all kinds of experiences and complaints you know there is justone kind of FUEL that gives absolute satisfaction always, that is Fox RidgeCoal. Remember you cannot order tooearly to avoid the high priees.Docbon & i$enionThe Home of Good CoalYards, South Mam St. Both Phones"!! 40 JJ VQStssZtfljiASK THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland l J.ephone works for him; He will reply:1. Sells My Products t 4. Protects the Home2. Gets Best Prices J 5. Helps the Housewifj3. Brings Supplies 6. Increases Profitst7. Pays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal reasons why YOU should be interested and(seidto-day for booklet. -j IFor information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated.,1ladies, Take a loot !ATTwin Bros. Department Store.New Arrival ofLadies' Stylish Fall Snits, Coats. Skirts,Waists, Millinery, Shoes, Etc,"TWHandsome Drygootis and Fall Drygoodsand Silks.Call Inin Bios. Dpimem sCorner Seventh and MainSts.016organization has jonl one enemy.It is not only lightning-proof but fire-proof andstorm-proof, too.CORTRIGHT METAL SHINGLESlast as long as the building and never need renairjust tne tning ror town or country buildmcs. beram fk-L meet every condition of comfort, beauty and security.& .22zJr "T7i.-i I l aiattgjizaaitFor Sale by iBest & Hawkins, MJIlersbur, KyfV!y19, 191uTHEATRICAL.STOUD FARM NOTESrii 3) ffi (I) ffinffiJKISiSiliiill-T7rpfV7nrYiwnftMYiJWlfl$85,000KglBB PURSES Ep9KENTUCKY T. H. B. ASSOCIATIONiOCT. 6 TO 18, 1913K$ 5,000 TWO-YEAR-OLD FUTURITY,$ 3,000 WALNUT HALL CUP,521,000 KENTUCKY FUTURITY (3-year-old)$ 3,000 FREE-FOR-ALL PACE, - - , -$ 5,000 TRANSYLVANIA, - ' - - -$10,500CHAMPIONSHIP STALLION STAKE, "$ 3,000 CASTLETON CUP, ... -Monday, Oct, 6Tuesday, Oct 7Wednesday, Oct. 8Thursday, Oct. 9Friday, ,Tuesday,Oct 10Oct 14A BIG STAKE EVERY DAYWeber's Prize Band o AmericaOne Fare RAILROAD RATES One FareTheAddingMachineThe Latest AdderCosts But $35See our exhibit ask for10 days' trialHere is a new price on a compe-tent Adder. On a machine thatis rapid, full size and infallibleThe very latest machine, builtby men who know how, in oneof the largest metal-working shopsIt is an individual Adder, to beplaced on one's desk, close to one'stoks and papers. To take theplace of the central machine, requiring skilled operators.The price is due to utter simplicity, and to our enormous output. Seven keys do all the work.Each copied number isshown up for checking before the addition is made.The machine will add, subtract and multiply. "With veryslight practice anyone 'cancompute a hundred figures aminute. And the machinenever makes mistakes.Countless offices, large andsmall, are getting from thesemachines the highest class ofservice.Now we make this offer so thatoffices everywhere may lear whatthis machine means to them.1 0 Days' TestWe will gladly place in anyoffice one American Adder for aThere will be no obligation,ten-days' test,and charges will be prepaid.Combpare it with any non-lister-eventhe costliest. Let anyone use it. See if any machinecan serve better than this.Just send us this coupon andwe'll send the machine.Please send us an American Adding Machine for ten days' free trial.NameStreet AddressCityStateManufactured andZGuaranteed byAMERICAN CAN COMPANY, CHICAGOSold by Joseph Candioto Co., Lexington, Ey.!jMBHHNHi 99 flHHHB w HBBBBHI 941It, seems hard to believe that B.P. Keith's theatre could offer a bettershow than that which was seen therelast week, but, from all indications,the new show will even surpass thefirst request bill. Another great request show will be offered next week,beginning Sunday, and again there isa large number of headliners. It willbe like seeing three great productions in one night.First, there will be Cecil Lean, thepopular opera star, in "The Moving'Picture Man," assisted by Cleo May-field. Mr. Lean is a well-known starin London and America, and is one ofthe best interpreters of acting" songsof the stage today. He has selecteda unipue and novel idea for vaudeville, dealing with the popular moving picture business, and will be assisted by Cleo Mayfield, a stunningand beautiful Broadway 'actress.Perhaps the most talked about onthe bill will be Frances McGinn, theoriginal Officer 666 of the play by thatname. McGinn, whose portrayal ofthe character of a police officer wasreally marvelous, made Cohen andHarris' production famous from coastto coast. He will present a comedyentitled "The Cop." Then there willbe Foster Ball and Ford West in acharacter study which has thrilledBroadway in a manner it hasn't experienced for years. Their little sketchis called "In the Days of 61," and thecharacter of the old G. A. R. man, asplayed by Foster Ball, should be seenby everybody. As the world to-dayis dance crazy, there will be a novelTerpsichorean by the three HickeyBros. Heaps of hilarity will be furnished by Lancton-Lucier & Co. Theiract is something out of the ordinaryand will surely prove a great hit toLeitn patrons, me sterner Trio isan act which should prove thrillingand interesting and Morton and Elliott will unquestionably please everybody with their new sketch. Selbiniand Grovini are pantomimic knockabout comedians from Milan, Italy.DO YOU FEAR CONSUMPTION?No matter how chronic your coughor how severe your throat or lungailment is, Dr. King's New Discoverywill surely help you ; it may save yourlife. Stillman Green, of Malichite,Col., writes: "Two doctors said that Ihad consumption and could not livetwo years. I used Dr. King's New Discovery and am alive and well." Yourmoney refunded if it fails to benefityou. The best home remedy forcolds, coughs, throat and lungtroubles. Price 50 cents, and $1.00.Guaranteed by L. Oberdorfer and W.T. Brooks. (Sept)REUSENS AND TENARA TOMEET AT LEXINGTON.It is entirely probable that amongthe trotters to bo named on September 15 for the famous TransylvaniaStake of $5,000, the annual shampionship race which will be one of thestellar attractions c 2 the KentuckyTrotting Horse Breeders' Association's forty-first annual fall meeting,October 6 to 18, at Lexington, will beTenara 2:05, winner of the historicCharter Oak Stakes, and leadingmoney winning trotter of the year,and Reusens 2:074, winner of thecoveted M. & M. Stakes, in which hedefeated Tenara. But should theynot meet in The Transylvania theywill have an opportunity to come together in either or both the WalnutHall Cup or the Ashland Stakes, forthey are both eligible to those events.Source of World's Emery Supply.The world's supply of emery comesfrom Greek, islands and from AsiaMinor.Richmond Climax. "Judge O'Rearsold his farm in Montgomery county,consisting of 190 acres, to A.C. Begle,at 115. At the sametime Begle soldhis farm near town at $200 to WalterBridges."MT. STERLING COURT Monday was county court and marketday at Mt. Sterling and there was agood crowd in town and considerableactivity in trading tnd business circles. Despite the drizzling rain, agood crowd was in the city and muchbusines was transacted. On the 'market there were about 5,000 head ofcattle, with quality fairly good. Thebest 1,000-lb cattle brought from6to 7 cents, yearlings at from 64 to6 cents.heifers at from 5 to 5cents, cows at from 4 to 5 cents,bulle at from 5 to 5 cents, oldcows and rough oxen at from 2 to4 cents. The cattle trade was verybrisk.Preston, in his day the championfive-gaited saddle stallion of Kentuckydied Sunday at the home of his ownerJ. C. Bailey, at Crab Orchard, Lincolncounty. Preston was twenty-fouryears of -age, and in his prime wascoi2eded to be a most wonderfulshow horse. After his show ring dayswere over, he made quite a success inthe stud, being the sire of CarrollPreston, owned by W. O. Walker, ofStanford, that was pronounced by awriter in the Saddle Horse Chroniclefive-gaited stallion shown in Kentucky this season.The suits of several tobaccogrowers of Ewing, Fleming county,against Kirkpatrick & Clay, of Mt.Sterling, for damages has been compromised by the defendants paying$1,500 and costs. The suits resultedover purchases by a person representing himself as agent for Kirkpatrick & Clay, who refused to receive tthe tobacco after it was bought.Kirkpatrick & Clay claimed the agentwas not acting for them. The suithad been "'tried, but resulted in hungjuries.GEORGETOWN COURT Monday being the regular Scott countycourt day an unusually large crowdfrom the county and surroundingtowns was in attendance. 'The mostactive trade among the farmers werethe weanling mule colts. There werethere something like two hundredhead. The quality ranged from medium to common. There were fewextras on the market. The prices ofthe best ranged fr&m $80 to 95 perhead. One extra fine colt brought$105, and was sold by Mr. John Warring to Mr. John Hull. The mediumranged from $60 to $75, and the smallmules from $35 to $50 per head.There were a few foreign buyerspresent but a number from adjoiningcounties were active participants inthe purchases. There was quite alarge number carried over unsold.There was no market of interest onthe aged mules, and none of attractive quality were offered to the trade.Very few cattle were on the market,and one bunch was offered of 1,000weight by Messrs. Lewis and RhodesHerndon and were bid to $6.40 perhnudred but the bid was rejected.It Always Helpssays Mrs. Sylvania Woods, of Clifton Mills, Ky inwriting of her experience with Cardui, the woman'stonic. She says further: "Before I began to useCardui, my back and head would hurt so bad, Ithought the pain would kill me. 1 was hardly ableto do any of my housework. After taking three bottlesof Cardui, I began to feel like a new woman. I soongained 35 pounds, and now, I do all my housework,as well as run a big water mill.I wish every suffering woman would give .CARDUIThe Woman's Tonica trial. I still use Cardui when I feel a little bad,and it always does me good."Headache, backache, side ache, nervousness,tired, worn-out feelings, etc., are sure signs of womanly trouble. Signs that you need Cardui, the woman'stonic. You cannot make a mistake in trying Carduifor your trouble. It has been helping weak, ailingwomen for more than fifty years.Get a Bottle Today!161m wwMJMJM)mjwm)m)m)mj taiTwnBros.DepartmentStore701-703 Main Street, Corner SeventhSee Our Window For$12.50, $15.00 and $18.00 SuitstoDISCOURAGED, NERVOUSMEN AND WOMENThe Great Tonic, Tona Vita, Is Building Them Up By Thousands.:Tfc f 1 TF 1 9 yfans uqqmss ueanma lo.Hen's and Ladies' Suits Cleaned,Pressed and Repaired.Ladies' Serge White Suits and Fancy Silks our specialty.All Work Guaranteed SatisfactoryMen's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblocked to your satisfaction.We Call For and Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40.Paris Odorless Cleaning Co.,JSam.Levy, Proprietor.White Kid Gloves Cleaned, short, 10c; long 25cState of Ohio, City of ToledoLucas CountyFrank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm of F.J. Cheney & Co., doing business in theCity of Toledo, 'County and Stateaforesaid, and that said fifm will paythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each and every case ofCatarrh that cannot he cured hy theuse of HALL'S CATARRH CURE.FRANK J. CHENEYSworn to before me and subscribedin my .presence, this Gth day of December, A. D., 1886..(Seal) A. W. GLEASON,Notary Public.Hall's Catarhh Cure is taken internally and acts directly upon theblood and mucous surfaces of the system. Send for testimonials, free.Sold by all druggists, 75 c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. (Sept)A few years ago if you were nervous and all run down, withe littlestrength and poor health generally,you would have wondered what to tobuild yourself up.Nowadays, if you remain inthis miserable condition a day longer, it isyour own fault. Tona Vita, the wonderful tonic that has built up thousands of run down people in the lasttwo years, is ready to help you.Get it at once. Take it a few weeksand your old health and strength willreturn without fail. You will feellike a new person almost from thedose of this pleasant tasting tonic.Weigh yourself after taking TonaVita one week and see how much youhave gained in weight.Tona Vita is sold by Chas. E. Butler & Co.$9.98These Suits are in the latest styles and colors and areexcellent values. Take a look at them. We also have afull line of Shoes, Hats, Caps, Shirts and everything thMen and Boys wear.TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'lL. WoIIstein, Propri or.HSpecial Rates &' Excursions.Eucursion'to Cincinnati, Ohio,and return .Sunday, Sept 21.HAMLET LEFT OUT.Tooke's Taste in Tombs.Nelson provided his own coffin, butthere have been men who carefullyprepared their own tombs. HomeTooke was one. A large block of blackIrish marble, specially procured forthe purpose, was its most strikingfeature, and it was to be placed in hisgarden at Wimbledon, where he desired to be buried. But all his preparations were vain, for after his deathit was decided that the presence of atomb would "deteriorate the value ofhis estate," and he was buried in Ealing churchyard. London Chronicle.DON'T LET'BABY SUFFER WITHECZEMA AND SKIN ERUPTIONSGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 299.Babies need a perfect skin-covering.Skin eruptions cause them notonly intense suffering, but hinder theerowth. Dr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment can be relied on for relief andpermanent cure of suffering babieswhose skin eruptions have made theirlives miserable. "Our baby was afflicted with a breaking out of the skinall over the face and scalp. Doctorsand skin specialists failed to help.We tried Dr. Hobson's Eczema Ointment and were overjoyed to see thebaby completely cured before one boxwas used," writes Mrs. Strubler, Dubuque, Iowa. All druggists, or bymail, 50c. (Sept)PFEIFFER CHEMICAL COMPANY,- St. Louis, Mo. Philadelphia, Pa.A real circus would be a Hamletless show without elephants. Thecoming great circus and menagerieoig. sautenes latest effort willshow 9 tallest, biggest pachadermsthat ever trumpeted under canvas.Performing elephants, too, trained bya master to perform wonderful feats,showing intelligence and acumen.The gigantic creatures are insuredagainst accident in $100,000. Theywill appear in parade and in the ringas features.These big accessories are especially interesting to children and students of natural history. They are anever-ending curio, as they alwayshave been since elephants were firstimported from Asiatic and Afrisanwilds. Watch for the unloading, ifyou can get out that early. The elephants will aid the men, in haulingthe big canvas from the trains toshow grounds.Sig. Sautelle's 9-Big RailroadShows, Circuses, Museum, Menagerieand Wild West will exhibit at Paris,Monday, September 22.Social Good In AH These.There is a great deal of socialgood to be done in putting down gossip, in preventing misunderstandings,and in keeping friends with everybody. Jowett.$1.50 ROUND TRIPThis train leaves Paris at 7:50 a.m., arriving Cincinnati 10:30 a.m., returning leaves Fourth St.station, Cincinnati, at 7 ip. m.Tickets good on specialijtrainoniy.m mmLow round-trip Summer Tourist tickets to all Summer resortsin the North and Northwest onsale May 15 to Sept 30. Finallimit date 31, 1913, with liberalstop-over privileges.For further information, callon or address. T..- ...W.H. HARRIS Agent,J. K. SMITH, T.fA.DESPONDENCYPILESI PILES! PILESIWILLIAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMENT"Will cure Blind, Bleeding and Itching Piles.It absorbs the tumors, allays itching at once,acts as a poultice, jgives instant relief.For sale by all druggists, mail 50c and 81.00. tWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky.Curtis&OverbyBusiness Men's Barber Shop,(Next to Bourbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS - 3Expert BarbersPolite Attention?Hot and Cold iBaths at AHHoursNo Long Waits., Share of the PuWkfPat.',ronage Solicited. "SewBarberShopWindsor Hotel.sAModern Equipment,PolitelService.&DIs often caused by indigestion aadconstipation, and quickly disappears"When Chamberlain's Tablets are taken. For sale by all dealers.(Sept)SAFEST LAXATIVE FOR WOMEN.Nearly every woman needs a goodlaxative. Dr. King's New Life Pillsare good because they are prompt,safe, and do not cause pain. Mrs. M.C. Dunlap, of Leadill, Tenn., says:"Dr. King's New Life Pills helped mytroubles greatly." Price 25c. Recommended by L Oberdorfer and W. T.Brooks. (Sept) -"Roxie" Davis !CM insurance AgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,. Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies.Give OW "Nub" a Call. '.2 Helios 137Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDSpecial Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther NoticemWe payl21-2c for greenbeef hides. Calljislupor bring it to our place.MAX MUNICK,8th Street, PABI9, XCall East. Tenn. Phone 374'3 1WW.-4' r ft .?f,rT&&, -&t4.- r'A v3i "h; 3Vs r- J-YTFJ .The Bourbon NewsEstablished Fb. 1, 1MLW1FT CHAMP, - Editor andPubllsher(Entered at the Paris Kentucky Postoffice as Mail Matter of the SecondUss.)Entered at Postoffice it Paris, Ky.as mail mattei :f le -cond elas'llatablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and Pridayae Year. . . .$2.00 Six Months. . $1. 00-- Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 periach for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blackiype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,binaries -and resolutions, and similar matt er, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space i a newspaper's stock intrad sourc 3 of revenue.JUDGE JEFF HANNAHGOES TO APPELLATE BENCH.Gov. McCreary Tuesday acceptedthe resignation of Circuit Judge JeffHannah, of Sandy Hook, and appointed him to the Appellate bench fromthe Sfxth district to fill the vacancycreated by the resignation of JudgeJohn M. Lassing, of Newport.The vacancy created in the Thirtysecond Judicial District by the promotion of Judge Hannah will be filled bythe appointment of Judge M. M. Red--srine,of Sandy Hook.Judge Hannah was attorney for Elliott county one term. He served aterm in the Senate from the Thirtysecond District, and has been on thebench six years, having been nominated by both parties at his last election. He is appointed because of hislegal ability.He is a brother-in-law of RufusVansant, Chairman of the DemocraticState Central and State ExecutiveCommittees.Judge Redwine was appointed thefirst Judge of the Thirty-second District, and was defeated by Judge Hannah. Gov. McCreary has not received theresignation of Judge Allie Young, ofMt. Sterling.BRYAN PEACE PLAN GETSGREAT DEAL OF NOTICESecretary Bryan's peace plan forthe settlement of international difficulties through the force of sober second thought and the good offices ofan impartial commission, was received with acclaim at the recentmeeting of the InterparliamentaryUnion at the Hague, according to Senator Burton, one of fthe American delegates, who has returned home."The Bryan plan," said the Senator,was Teceived better than almost anything that was talked over. The onlyobjection to the proposal seemed tobe that during the period provided foran investigation of grievances by acommission the countries involvedshall make no additions to their warequipment. Several nations did notseem to like that provision, but it isnot a vital part of the plan."The Bryan plan was only talkedabout at the Hague. Its adoption depends upon the countries of the worldinvited to enter into it by the Secretary. FALL OPENING.Our Fall opening this year will beheld on September 25 and 26. Handsome display of th very latest pattern hats and novelties. Stunningstyles in real beaver, velour, hattersplush, clipped beaver. All shades,shapes and prices. You are invitedto . call.(19-2t) MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.BRICK FOR SALE.Fifteen hundred old brick, alsoeighty running feet of rock curbing.Must be removed at once. Call eitherphone No. 41. 2tTHICK, GLOSSY HAIRFREE FROM DANDRUFF.Girls, Try It! Your Hair Gets Soft,Fluffy and Luxurant at Once.If you -care for heavy hair, thatglistens with beauty and is radiantwith life; has an incomparable softness and is fluffy and lustrous, tryDanderine.Just one application doubles thebeauty of your hair, besides it immediately dissolves every particle of dandruff; you cannot have dice, heavy,healthy hair if you have dandruff.This destructive scurf robs the hairof its luster, its strength and its verylife, and if not overcome it producesa feverishness and itching of thescalp; the hair roots famish, loosenfind die; then the hair falls out fast.If your hair has been neglected andis, thin, faded, dry, scraggy or toooily, get a 25 cent bottle of Knowlto'sDanderine at any drus stor of toiletaounter; apply a little as directed and Iten minutes after you will say thiswas the best investment you evermade."We sincerely believe, regardless ofererything else advertised, that if you4sire soft, lustrous, beautiful hairaad lots of it no dandruff no itching scalp and no more falling hair-yoa must use Knowlton's Danderine.It eventually why not now?DEATHSASHURST.Mr. George R. Ashurst, one of themost highly esteemed citizens of Paris, died Monday night at 11 o'clock athis home on Pleasant street, after anillness of less than twenty-four hours,due to uraemic poison and heart failure caused by Bright s disease.Mr. Ashurst suffered from a severeattack of the same kind a little overa year ago, and for weeks his life wasdespaired of, and though he had notregained his full vigor he was able tobe out every day, and was in his accustomed place at the Christianchurch Sunday evening. The familyhad no warning of his approaching illness and was in his usual health at11 o'clock Sunday night, but wasfound unconscious about two- hourslater.Had Mr. Ashurst lived until November 17 he would have been 71 yearsold. He formerly lived on a farm onthe Clintonville pike, but moved toParis about fifteen ears ago. Hevas the son of the Jate John K. Ashurst, a prominent citizeen of Bourboncounty.He is survived by five devoted children, Mrs. James H. Montgomery, ofrruitvale, Cal.; Misses Susie andStella Ashurst and Messrs. John andClarence Ashurst, all of Paris. A sister, Miss Anna Ashurst, of Lexington, and two half-sisters, Mrs. WillieAker, of Lexington, and Mrs. Washington Redmon, of Bourbon, also survive. Mr. Ashurst was a cousin ofMr. Lloyd Ashurst, a prominent citizen of Paris.The funeral services were conducted at the family residence onPleasant' street, Wednesday afternoonat 2:30 o'clock by Rev. W. E. Ellisand Rev. J. T. Sharrad. Burial in theParis cemetery.The following nephews were activepall-bearers: Sol Redmon, Jason Redmon, Harry O. James, Joe Redmon,John Willie Aker and T. J. Redmon.The honorary pall-bearers were:J. T. Hinton, W. H. H. Johnson, LloydAshurst, Geo. W. Redmon, H. C.Hutchcraft, E. B. January, WilliamHukill, Sr., J. H. Haggard, J. W.Thomas, J. Will Young and William S.Jones.JOPLIN.A message received by Dr. W.T. Brooks Tuesday, told of the deathof his wife's father, Mr. James L.Joplin, which occurred at the home ofhis daughter, Mrs. Charles Spillman,in Harrodsburg, at 10 o'clock Tuesday morning.Mr. Joplin had reached the ripe oldage of 83 years last June, and hadbeen in declining health for severalmonths. His death was not unexpected and his daughter, Mrs. Brooks,had been at his bedside for a week.Mr. Joplin had spent "some time withhis daughter in this city at intervalsand had many friends here, who loced him fcr his many graces of Chrislian character. He was a devout member of the Christian church and wasa kindly, courteous, gracious gentle-FALL OPENING.Our Fall opening this year will beon September 25 antf 26. Handsomedisplay of the very latest patternhats and novelties. Stunning stylesin real beaver, velour, hatters plush,clipped beaver. All shades, shapesand prices. You are invited to call.(19-2t) MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.NOTICE.TO THE STOCKHOLDERS ANDHOLDERS OF WAREHOUSE RECEIPTS OF THE BURLEY TOBACCO COMPANY OF LEXINGTON,KENTUCKY.The stockholders and holders ofwarehouse receipts of the Burley Tobacco Company, of Lexington, Kentucky, are hereby notified that by order of the Kenton Circuit Court, JudgeF. M. Tracy, presiding, entered onThursday, September 11, 1913, in thecase of E. B. Stansifer, et al. vs. Clarence Lebus, et al., the meeting of thestockholders, heretofore ordered to beheld on the seventh day of Octobar,1913, for the purpose of electing aBoard of Directors for said Company,has been postponed and will be heldat Lexington, Kentucky, on Thursday,November 6, 1913, at 1 o'clock p. m.,at the Company's Warehouse on SouthBroadway. Said meeting will be presided over and said election conductedby J. M. Rankin and Walter T. Loomis,Commissioners appointed by the Courtfor said purpose. At said meeting thestockholders may consider and actupon any question which they couldconsider and act upon at any regularannual meeting of the stockholders.The stockholders are also notifiedthat the above named Commissionersare now engaged in preparing a StockLedger for the purpose of determiningthe persons who will be entitled tovote at said stockholders' meeting, andto whom stock should be issued. SaidStock Ledger will be closed finally onthe seventh day of October, 1913, andthe holders of warehouse receipts,upon which stock certificates havenot already been issued, are requiredto report to the Commissioners on orbefore the seventh day of October, 1913,any transfer or sale of such warehousereceipts. In order to facilitate thework of the commissioners, all warehouse receipts which have been soldor transferred should be sent in atonce, Including any other documentevidencing such sale or transfer.Transfers of warehouse receipts madeor reported after the above date willnot be considered, but the right torote the stock represented by suchwarehouse receipts will stand in thename of toe person or persons owningsaid waimouse receipts as shown bythe records of the Commissioners onsaid date unless by consent of theCommissioners, or by order of theCourt. Stock may be voted in personor by proxy.All communications should be addressed to the undersigned at Lexington, Ky., in care of the Burley TobaccoCompany.J. M. RANKIN,WALTER T. LOOMIS,Commissioners of the KentonCircuit Court.HERRING-LAWSON.Mr. Jno. W. Lawson, a prominentfarmer living on the Russell Cavepike -in Fayette county, and Mrs. Nannie P. Herring, a popular music teacher of Lexington, were married Monday evening at 8 o'clock at the residence of the officiating minister, Rev.W. E. Ellis, of Paris.VARDEN-BRENT.Mr. Hugh I. Brent and Miss MaryFleming Varden, of Paris, surprisedtheir friends Wednesday afternoonwhen they went to Lexington andwere united in marriage. The ceremony was performed at the parsonage of the First Presbyterian church,Rev. Edward Muller being the officiating minister.The plans of the couple were kepta secret until Wednesday morning,and it was then confided to only theirmost intimate friends. A marriagelicense was procured in this city, andtogether they left for Lexington.The bride is the oldest daughter ofDr. and Mrs. George S. Varden, andis a pretty and attractive woman,highly accomplished, and has a hostof admiring friends. Mr. Brent, whois the only son of Judge Harry Brent,is one of the best known and mostpopular gentlemen in this city, and isemployed in the capacity of bookkeeper at the Paris Milling Co.Immediately after the ceremonyMr. and Mrs. Brent left for a short'wedding trip and upon their returnwill reside in this city.SNEAK THIEF ENTERS ROOMAND MAKES OFF WITH WATCH.Arch Spicer, a railroad brakeman,rooming at home of S. M. Turpin, onTenth street lost a valuable watchTuesday night when a sneak thief entered his room and took the timepiece from his pocket.WENT TO SLEEP ON TRAINAND WAS RELIEVED OF $51.Will Jones, an employe of the Louisville & Nashville railroad, is out ?51in cold cash which was taken fromhis pcoket while he was on a traincoming to Paris from Cincinnati.Shortly after leaving Covington Jonesfell asleep and after reaching Parismissed the money."LITTLE WOMEN" COMING"Little Women," the dramatizationof Louisa M. Olcott's much-lovedstory, will be presented at the ParisGrand 0p3ra House Wednesday, Oct.8, as the first of the high-class playsto be seen here this season. This is"Little Woman's" first season on theroad and William A. Brady is sendingthe same comp&ny that will play engagements in the principal cities ofthe South.The fact that the play bears theBrady trademark is sufficient guarantee of its merit and it is predictedthat the capacity of the opera housewill be taxed by the people of Parisand vicinity who appreciate the bestin the drama of ttoday. "LittleWomen" is a sort of an oddity in thatit is a sweet story of yesterday doneinto a charming play of today. Meg,Jo, Beth, Amy and the other characters of the book that has enthralledthree generations will be seen in theflesh and blood amid surroundings ofgrandeur that would have been impossible in the time of Miss Alcott. Ittherefore satisfies the demand of thereaders of all ages who have enjoyedthe book, and At the same time comeswell up to the requirements of exacting dramatic critics.After its presentation at the Playhouse in New York last season "LittleWomen" attracted phenomenal business and Mr. Brady was compelled tokeep it in the metropolis for thewhole season. The production thathe is sending here is identical Withthe one staged at the Playhouse, and (will be one of the most sumptuousthat the stage of the Grand OperaHouse has ever held.:WE WILL WELCOMES' Kgxou IN OUR: PANKjpWhenever you are thinking money or bank,, think OURBANK. Our business is MONEY; YOUR MONEY isBUSINESS. We welcome anyone in our bank and alwayshaye time to listen and advise. If you need a bank consultus. What would you do without a progressive bank in" yourcommunity ? . Your first duty to yourself is to have MONEYIN THE BANK. It is a faithful friend.Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interestDEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.Capital, $100,00.00.J. M. HALL. PRESIDENT.NICOTINE. REACHING MOUTHFor many years- Dr. arant, ofLono-le-Saunier, has been workingon the fascinating problem of how to.enjoy the delights of a good smoke"without all the ill effects hitherto considered inevitable. Some two yearsago he invented pipes and cigar orcigarette holders in which the smokewas obliged to traverse surfaces ofconsiderable extent before reachingthe mouth of the smoker, therebylosing perforce a large part of itstoxic elements by condensation. Thisdevice, used unfailingly and regularlycleaned with care, greatly diminishesthe amount of nicotine and other deleterious elements which can reachthe mouth.Now, according to the Journal desDebats, Dr. Parant has gone a stepfurther in first aid to the smoker. Hisnew method consists of the utilization of the catalytic properties ofcertain yelements, especially aluminum. Tne tobacco is moistened withan aluminum solution, is allowed todry and is then smoked.What happens? Parant's theoryis that, thanks to the elevation oftemperature, the aluminum whichhas remained fixed upon the tobaccoafter the evaporation, forms with thenicotine a highly instable aluminateof nicotine, which breaks up almostas soon as formed into the inoffensivesubstances, carbon dioxide, nitrogenand water vapor.According to his experiments thesmoke loses from 50 to 60 per cent, ofof its normal toxic contents on thecondition always, which seems to beindispensible, that the tobacco , onleaving the aluminum solution, shouldbe dried at rather high temperature of70 to 80 degrees Cent. When dried ata lower temperature the destructionof toxic elements by combustion ismuch less complete.Parant's method of procedure isvery simple. In the case of tobaccoit is merely moistened with the proper solution. For cigars it is better toinject the solution by means of asyringe and then dry them at a slightly elevated temperature on a porcelain stove or by similar means, in order to eliminate the acetic acid employed to dissolve the aluminumthe catalytic solution.inS.Born, Tuesday, to the wife of Mr.Paul Hanley, nee Peterson, a9-lb son.Born, Tuesday afternoon, to thewife of Mr. Houston Rion, a daughter.Mrs. Rion before marriage was MissEthel Lair."CASCARETS" RELIEVESICK, SOUR STOMACH.Move Acids, Gases and Clogged WasteFrom Liver and Bowels.Get a 10-cent box now.That awful sourness, belching ofacid and foul gases; that pain in thepit of the stomach, the heartburnnervousness, nausea, bloating aftereating, dizziness and sick headache,means a disordered stomach, whichcannot be regulated until you removethe cause. It isn't your stomach'sfault. Your stomach is as good asany.Try Cascarets; they immediatelycleans the stomach, remove the sour,undigested and fermenting food andfoul gases; take the excess bile fromthe liver and carry off the constipatedwaste matter and poison from thebowels. Then your stomach trouble isended. A Cascaret to-night willstraighten you out by morning a tencent box from any drug store willkeep your stomach sweet; liver andbowels regular for months. Don'tforget the children their little insides need a good, gentle, cleansing,too.on Savings.sSurplus, $40,000.00,C. K. THOMAS. CashierBIRTHfall EasWori Week-Sept.Our GatheringApparel is Indeed Alluring.No woman with the true Fashioa-instinet for beautywill be' able to resist the appeal of this collection of newFall Suits, Coats, Dresses, etc. The cham and becommgness of styles, the elegance and aristocratic appearance ofthe various garments and their irreproachably high qualityform a combination that cannot fail to galvanize yourattention.These lovely Suits, Coats, Dresses, etc., come fromthe country's style-centers from the hands of America smost famous designers and makers. Many are exact replicas of original Paris fashions; all are extremely beautiful whether they were designed in America or in Paris.This gathering really amounts to a complete review ofthe new Fall styles, for' it embraces every new fashion thathas been approved by the country's fashion critics. Comenow to Wolf, Wile & Co. 's if you wish to view the mostbrilliant style exposition in Lexington.What the New Suits Are LikeImported three, piece models are here, as well as every'popular style that is produced in this country and sanctioned by the fashion authorities. Every wanted fabricis represented, in a full range of colors. The coats aremostly three-quarter length, cut-away in front. Skirts areall narrow in effect, some of fchem showing uplifted drapery at front.$20.00 to $75.00Be Sure to See the New Wool DressesTheir styles are charming, and for general wearnofiner dresses could be had. Every one is made in anfattractive model some quite plain, others elaborate. Allare worthy of the highest praise.$8.50 to $25.00Waists to Match the New SuitsOur assortment of waists is very large, and emphasizes every new style, color and design. You will findhere waists that will exactly match your Fall Suit. Thestyle-range and diversity of prices is so broad that you caneasily be satisfied.$2.98 to $15.00siSilk Dresses Are Exceptionally LovelyDesigners have surpassed their previous efforts inproducing silk dresses that are lovely to behold and comfortable to wear. -The range of silks is broad, and comprises the plain shades, as well as many gorgeous colorcombinations. All of the best styles are represented inour display.$15.00 to $50.00M Vile o.Formerly Kaufman, Straus 8c Co.Lexingto n,Ky.l IvEaMelons on Ice CantaloupesString BeansFresh Tomatoes Sweet! PeasEvergreen ComPeachejCucumbersAll FreshBoiled and Minced HamKeller Grocery CompanyHHMfliMMUmMOMMtXBourbon CollegeFor Young LadiesOpensTuesday., September gthPrimary, Preparatory and Collegiate Departments.Twelve in Faculty. All Specialists.Music, Art and Expression Unusually Strong.Bourbon College is situated on one of the highestpoints in the City ofParis. Large and beautiful campus.Building fitted up with all modern conveniencies andequipments.For Annual, address,Mrs. M. G Thomson, Principal,Paris, Kentucky(I29th to Oct 4thof New FallyymSquash;and NicerewmSHI"MiI' mimm:rI'it t.rtsimf1vwHAS THE ESTOF ALL LINES MADENOTICE.City tax lists for theyear 1913 are now inmy hands for collection, at my office atthe Deposit Bank.C. K. THOMAS,City Collector.PASTOR'S AID SOCIETY TOHAVE ALL DAY MEETINGfThe first of the series of all daymeetings planned by the Pastor's AidSociety of the Presbyterian church,will beeld in the parlors of thechurch Thursday.SEED BARLEY.Choice seed barley for sale. Phones84. R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.(llsep-3wks)MACCABEES REQUESTEDTO ATTEND MEETINGMonday night there will be a regular meeting of the local tent of Maccabees, and all members are urgentlyrequested to be present as there willT)e business of importance before themeeting.Insure your Tobacc againstTire and Lightning vrithMcClure & Clendenin.FOR PICKLING.Cauliflower, white onions, cucumbers, spices and pickling vinegar.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.NATURAL GAS TURNED ONThe Paris Gas & Electric Co. expects, to turn natural gas into theirmains on or about October 1, andwould advise all present users of gasto see that their pipes are in goodcondition, and all persons who are desirous of using natural gas for fuelshould see about having their housespiped at once, as connections will bemade as orders are received. Weare also in position to do house ""wiring promptly. (19-lt)FOR PRESERVING.Fine peaches for preserving.(It) C. P. COOK & CO.FALL MILLINERY DISPLAYStrictly up-to-the-minute fashionsin Fall Milinery. New trimmer fromone of the largest Eastern wholesalehouses. Date of opening, September25, 26. Beautiful showing of realbeavers, clipped beaver, velours, hatters plush in all the new shades andshapes. Beautiful line of noveltiesin extreme patterns.(19-2t) MRS. CORNE W. BA1RDFRESH OYSTERS.Delicious fresh oysters on Thursday, Friday and Saturday. Phone us.(It) SATJER'S GROCERY."PARIS MASONS MAKE VISITTO HARRISON COUNTY LODGE.Mr. Joseph Ewalt, Grand Master ofthe Kentucky Lodge of Masons, accompanied by Messrs. Joe Farris andE. B. January, went to Sylvandell,Harrison cdunty, Wednesday night,where the third degree was conferredupon several candidates. After theinitiatory work, an elaborate banquetwas served the members of the lodgeand a number of visitors.PICKLING TIME.Let us fill your order for picklingvinegar and spices.(19-3t) T. C. LENIHAN.WILL NOT LOCATE CARSHOPS IN WINCHESTER.The Winchester Sun says:"Mr. L. D. Pendleton, attorney forthe Louisville & Nashville railroad,said Tuesday that the L. & N. doesnot intend to place its shops in Winchester, as had been stated by a Winchester man who claimed to be in aposition to know whereof he spoke."Mr. Pendleton said that althoughthe shops will not be placed here Winchester will be given more than wasoriginally promised her. He declinedto say what this would be."SEED WHEAT, RE AND' TIMOTHY.Ohio Puitz Seed Wheat,Northern- Seed Rye, fancyquality Timothy Seed.We have large stocks ofthe above at market prices.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.(19-4t)FIRE BADLY DAMAGES ALILLESTON AVENUE RESIDENCEThe explosion of a lamp in the residence occupied by Mr. Charles Cahaland family on Lilleston Avenue lastnight about 6:30 o'clock caused a firewhich for a time threatened the destruction of the building. The lampwas sitting on a dresser and the explosion communicated the flames tothe carpets and woodwork. When thefire department arrived the interior ofthe building was a mass of flames.All of the furniture in the house wasbadly damaged. The property, which4s owned by the Odd Fellows Lodge,of this city, was insured to theamount of $800.Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.IMr. Withers Davis left yesterdayfor a visit to Louisville. '.Mr?;41- J1- Purnell is visiting hersister, Mrs. Lee Barbour, near Louisvine. Messrs. Earl and Charles Dickenson matriculated at State University Monday.Mr. and Mrs. B. a. Prank are visiting Dr. and Mrs. Louis Frank inLouisville.Mrs. Lisle Jacoby, who has beenquite ill at her home in the countryis improving.Mr. R. K. McCarney left yesterday for Walden Ridge, Tenn., to visitMr. Oscar Mitchell.Mrs. Sallie McMillan, of Lexington, is the guest of her son, Mr. C.A. McMillan, in this city.Miss Gussie Behrmah , of Newport, is visiting her sister, Mrs. J. W.Bacon, on Cypress street.Mr. Douglas Clay, son of Mr. andMrs. Frank M. Clay, went to Danville,Va., Monday, to enter school.Misses Matilda James and Louise Steele left Wednesday to enterMargaret College, at Versailles.Miss Pauline Prichard, of Huntington, W. Va., is visiting her aunt,Mrs. Amne Prichard, in this city.Mrs. J. W. Davis and her sister,Mrs. Bailey Berry, were visitors inLouisville several days last week.Carlisle Mercury: "Mrs. GeorgeYoung, of Paris, is visiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Feeback."Miss Sophia Wilson, of RedHouse, is tbe guest of her sister, Mrs.Chester Amyx, on South Main sLeat.Messrs. Jessie Turney and sons,Amos and Jack Turney, left yesterday for Louisville to attend the StateFair.Miss Hattie Hill O'Neil is quiteill at the home of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. Frank O'Neil, on Mt. AiryAvenue.Mrs. William B. Ardery and children are spending the week with herparents, the Rev. and Mrs. I. J. Spencer, in Lexington.Miss Loraine Butler is enjoyingan Eastern- trip and during her absence will visit Niagara Falls andother points of interest.D. F. L. Lapsley has returnedfrom an extended trip to Washington,Pa. Mrs. Lapsley and children willremain some time longer.Mr. William Hukill, Sr., is visiting his daughter, lirs. M. H. Davis,in Mayslick. Mr. Hukill will spendthe month of SeptemberMrs. Sam James, of Memphis,Tenn., and Miss Willie Stone, ofGeorgetown, were guests of Mrs. J.T. Mattox the past week.Mrs. William Howard, Jr., andmother, Mrs. Morford, of Ewing, werevisitors in Paris Tuesday enro'ute toLouisville to visit friends.Hon. and Mrs. C. M. Clay left forthe East Sunday with their sons, Cassius M. Clay, Jr., and John HarrisClay, to place them in school.Mr. Lee D. Beall left Wednesdaymorning with a party of friends for acombined business md pleasure tripto the Red River region of Kentucky.Mr. and Mrs. Gibson Taylor , ofTucson, Arizona, are visiting Mrs.Lucy Simms. Mrs. Taylor was formerly Miss Sara Hanson, of this city.Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Wallis,of New York, have arrived for amouth's stay with Mr. and Mrs. Thos.Henry Clay, at their home on Pleasant street.Mr. and Mrs. Jas. Chambers andlittle daughter, of St. Louis, Mo., whohave been the guests of the former'smother, Mrs. Kate Chambers, returned home Tuesday.Mrs. David Bachrach , who hasbeen here on a visit to her parents,Mr. and Mrs. JL. Wollstein, for thepast month, left yesterday for herhome at Little Rock, Ark.Miss Lizzie Burke and Mrs. LeeStarke left yesterday for a two weeks'visit to friends in Morristown andKnoxville, Tenn., and to attendthe Conservation Exposition at Knoxville. The Mt. Sterling Gazette says:"Jackson Stofer, of this city, has soldhis farm of 173 acres near Sideview,this county, to James Gregory, ofNortli Middletown , for a price ofabout $72 per acre."Miss Ollie Chambers , who hasbeen spending several weeks at herhome in Nicholasville, was a visitorin Paris yesterday en rout e to Covington, where she will spend a fewdays. She will return to Paris Monday to assume her duties in the officeof the Metropolitan Life InsuranceCo.Mrs. Otis Bacon, who was formerly Miss Drusie Smith , of Bourboncounty, is ill at a Lexington hospital.Mrs. Bacon, who resides at WichitaFalls, Texas, has been on a visit toher mother, Mrs. Gus Smith, in Lexington, and was taken ill a few daysago. Mr. Bacoij. arrived in Lexington yesterday from Texas to be atthe bedside of his wife, who isthought to be in a serious condition.Mrs Henry Fuhrman entertainedat her home on South High streetThursday with a 6 o'clock dinner inhonor of her sister, Mrs . HenriettaBerry, of Seattle, Washington, whohas been the geatest for the past twoweeks, and who will leave for herhome Saturday. The colors wereyellow and green, which were prettily carried out in the garden flowerswhich furnished the decorations.Twelve of the most intimate friendsof Mrs . Berry from Mt. Sterling,Louisville, and Lexington enjoyed theoccasion. A delightful four coursedinner was served in faultless style.WILL OF THOMPSON TARR ISPROBATED IN COUNTY COURT.The will of the late Thompson Tarrwas admitted to probate in the countycourt yesterday. Under the termsof the will his entire estate, consisting of real and personal property wasbequeathed to his wife, who was named as executrix without bond.cTVfRS. J. :T. PENDLETON ,Dress Making and Ladies' Tailoring14East Main, Lexington, KentuckyAnnounces Her Return from Paris, FranceNew and Distinctive Models and FabricsWill be Exhibited for Gowns, Suits and WrapsMonday, Sept. the Twenty-secondTuesday, Sept.'2 Wedding Trousseaux a Specialty"BANKERS OF KENTUCKYMEET IN LOUISVILLEBankers from all parts of Kentuckygathered at the Seelbach Hotel, inLouisville, Wednesday .morning forthe annual meeting of the KentuckyBankers' Association. The meetingcontinued through yesterday, and thediscussion will deal mainly with thecurrency bill no wbefore Congress.Those from this city and countyattending the meeting were: Buckner Woodford, Jr., cashier, and B. A.Prank and W. H. McMillan, directorsof the Bourbon Bank and Trust Co.;Clarence K. Thomas, cashier of theDeposit Bank of Paris; Joseph W.Davis, president of the AgriculturalBank; Boy Clendenin, cashier of theFirst National Bank; W. P. Ardery,president of the People's Bank, andGeorgeAlexander, president of theBank of George Alexander & Co.;Sanford Allen, cashier of the Farmer'sBank of Millersburg; Dr. W. M. Millie, president of the Exchange Bankof Millersburg; H. S. Cay wood, JohnT. Collins and F. W. Sledd, directorsof the Deposit Bank of North Middletown ;E J. Burris, president; IvanSoper, cashier, and J. B. Clark, director of the Citizen's Home Bank of Little Jtock.NOTICE TO WATER CONSUMERS.Owing to the drouth in order tohave water for domestic use I amcompelled to forbid the use of waterfor sprinkling.PARIS WATFR CONEWTON MITCHELL, Supt.FINGER BADLY LACERATEDBY BROOM TRIMMING KNIFE.. .Edward Doty, son of Mr. WilliamDoty, of this city, had a finger onhis right hand badly lacerated Wednesday morning at the plant of theParis Broom Factory while operatinga trimming machine. vSPECIALS AT, BUTLER'S.Rich American cut glass.Haviland & Co.'s fine china."Faultless" line of rubber goods."Beulane," the latest New Yorkcraze in face cream."Zoz," for tired or tender feet.Tona Vita,Ho make you fresh andyoung.A full line of Blank Books, Tablets, etc.BUTLER'S(19-4t) Opp-Court House.FOR SALE.One new Moore's Heating Stove,(19-4t) NEWTON MITCHELLFOR SALE.Twenty-four pairs inside shutterswhite. Sold cheap if disposed of atonce. Apply to(19-3t) SWIFT CHAMPFOR SALE.Young man's High School uniform.Good as new. Will sell cheap. Apply at Bourbon News office or callHome phone 12. f(It)TO BE SOLD FOR STORAGE.Drop Head Singer, $20.Drop Head White, $10.Box Top Singer, $5.627 Main Street,(16-3t) Paris, Ky.Jersey Cows ForSale.Two pure bred Jersey cows forsale; also some pure bred SouthDown lambs. ApplyT. M. BUCKNER,North Middletown, Ky.16-3t Cumberland phone 60.FOR SALEOne team horses, 7-year-old, sound,will work any place. Apply toJ. T. MATTOX,(16-3t) at C. P. Cook's.Rams For SaleEstrayed from my place on 'theNorth Middletown pike, two largeSouthdown rams with brown paint onhip. Call 391 or 468 Cum phone.J. HAL WOODFORD.Andthe Twenty-thirdMfwSBLOW ON HEAD PROVESFATAL TO NICHOLAS MANWilliam F. Clark, a leading businessman, ana Riley Paine, a farmer, disputed over some corn at Parks' Ferry,Nicholas county. Paine, it is saiddrew his knife and started at Clark,ana tne latter struck Paine on thehead with a board. Paine died Wednesday. Clark claims self-defense.Clark is one of Nicholas county's leading merchants and citizens.ADVANCED STYLES.You will make a mistake if you failto attend our opening on September25 and 26. You will not be asked tobuy. Our hats this season will sellthemslves. Not only up-to-the-minutestyles, but far advanced fall and winter showing will be on display. Newtrimmer, new prices and absolutelyexclusive patterns of imported headdress. -(19-2t)MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.NURSINGMOTHERSparticularly need i!ienndigested nourii hroent in SCOTT'SEMULSION. It creates strengthand rich, active blood. It insuresabundant nourishment anrl IronaI baby growing.Scott & Bowno, Bloomfleld, N. J. 13-21J. T.s 1 1r"AnyI4 fPVvvrv. kV A .7Wj&CWitJ.T. MINT0NWood MantelsNew Fall Goods. Now Ready For Your '' InspectionAfter a three-weeks' search of the New York andEastern markets, we are in a position to show you thelargest and best selected stock ever shown by U3See the beautiful new ideas in.Silks, Dress Goods, Challies, Velvets, Corduroys, Dress Trimmings and Laces,Neckwear and many novel accesssories to make your Falloutfit complete.Ask to see our non-shrinkable flannels for waists,shirts, &c.We are agents for the following good lines Henderson HICorsets, DeBevoise Brassieres, Wayne Knit Hosiery andEskay Kid Gloves. HW. Edmmmmmmmmam mmwmm I wmmmmm mmi Just ReceivedWe Are Now Ready to Show YouThe Latest inFALL SHOES!Give us a Call and Look our Stock overBefore Going Elsewhere. Special Attention. Given to Our Children's Dc-partment.Geo. Mc Williams,L Phones 301 -HINT ONJust ReceivedA BigVNew Line ofComfort BlanketsCounterpanesPrice You DesireFine AssortmentAnd Best of AHYou Save MoneySAVES YOU MONEYUndertakingtiTucker, iThe Shoe Man 1;&i?.AmbulanceJhA -v" &4-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, K NTOGKY SEPTEMBER19, 1913.- - wmmmmmmm ' J .UWiiilliMMlllMlllMlMillllllilliMMtilMlillilMMMilllllllMMMMMMiiJV U 11 I IN SyXEmg JJ 1 Vkmmrt, f2 X giyy gga 1 i j . . . . I' B HMfireregPifiaBa I ,S : . I PB PraeiaU .PPHBP$r5PaiBP.i mt M Wifl. VI LWJ E S IMgWWBWT If . HIWnHlrA i nw MmKHKgm iiHBflv?Wg&wwk&wM v WW xsvwieEsaaffiw 4iisfesSlt ViffiliIASWMi:ill Ix iii v ins mmmsm mmxmMmmmLL si :rXNKr '- 21 xxyzmTm'wm wwm m fiRi ra kkxr w Svvixx s'jBvMLln.mim m m Emm wi ho V(z. 2r. y.nH7lB 9 a IS 1S&3 "HWH E vl AHT BAY- 88 SB BBH?.KS OaaSffiHaiflFX y,fflLffl.H fl" U,H raiLimBlQftHV JIMI fOOMMS AW B' gaa.w a a aiM.awfflwwffi sa n -2 WA IC nm'JJL ' LL L LIU Li ' U L ui uXVaCMiVOftt!fKfl'IBiAl, 61 l"uli ItYtnYXttUUWvVYKjayt Xmxur'iUiUAVAU I w W.v 1i vvAVinAra c gas goal s2 aMAl f RllADAMTFFn BYMAKraAv V 8!CAN YOU DOUBT IT?When the Proof Can Be So Easily Investigated. -When so many grateful citizens ofParis testify to benefit derived fromDoan.s Kidney Pills, can you doubtthe evidence? The proof is not faraway it is almost at vour door.Read what a resident of Paris saysabout Doan's Kidney Pills. Can youdemand more convincing testimony?George McCandless, butcher, 600Main street, Paris, Ky., says: "I hadoccasion to use a kidney remedy andat that time Doan's ividney Pills gaveme relief, which has proven permanent. I got them for backaches anddisordered kidneys. '.The way theystopped the trouble proved their merit." "When your Back is Lame Remember the Name." Don't simplyask for a kidney remedy ask distinctly for Doan's Kidney Pills, thesame that Mr. McCandless had theremedy backed by nome testimony.50c. all stores. Foster-Milburn Co.,Props., Buffalo, New York. 'H Job Prinf inej 3YOUR OPPORTUNITY TOGO OUT WEST.From Sept. 25th to October 10th inclusive, the Missouri Pacific offersvery low rates to the West and Northwest. Through coaches, chair cars,and tourist sleeping cars. It will payyou to write at once for leaflet containing full information. Address J.A. Steltenkamp, G. A. P. D., 204 Traction Bldg., Cincinnati, O.Handy.Mrs. Knicker "I suppose you'vemissed your husband terribly sincehe's been away?" Mrs. Bocker "Oh,dreadfully! He makes such a splendid fourth at bridge."NOTICE.I cost a great deal of money tolay sewer pipe-those of you who havethe privilege of sewer connectionswill so avai 1 themselves. There is,for you, no argument for a continuance of the cesspool and the vault.Do away with the filthy evils.A. H. KELLER,3sep-tf) Health Officer.United States Moved Slowly.Polygamy was declared a felony inEngland in 1604, but it was not until1866 that the congress made pluralitymarriages unlawful in the UnitedStates.ALL TAILORING WORKIS GUARANTEEDA. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.j Main Street(CHAS. GREEN, Manager Opp. Court House Jmtttttt stte$ftf of stag whiwihiiIHere Is the Hogi- Lexington, Ky.BOURBON REMEDY CO.,J Enclosed find photo of hog that wascured of cholera with your BourbonHog Cholera Remedy. This hog wasalmost dead before using the medicineand then was entirely cured, exceptloss of ears, tail, etc. The hog iswjied by Mr. Skiles Ewing, of Baw,ling Green, Ky. He will be glad togive you a testimonial, and we can getSeveral more if you want them.t JENKTNS-SUBLETT DRUG CO.,Ask Your Druaolst fnr If.(i CrD CAI C OV w T- nnnnini si onus dt YYm i. onuuro.IfNotice to MerchantsOn and after this date I will not beresponsible for any accounts contractkd by other persons in my name unlessame is made upon a written order,rlgned by myself.W. M. GILLESPD33,g Paris, Ky., Aug. 1, 1913.jw. N4 Barkley Mrs. W. N. Barkley3Wnmn'c FvrliQtiffa f afaa I. VU JUAV11UUW IX Uttltt112 N. Upper Street,Lexington, KentuckyHomermatic Cakes. Breads. Pies. Can-ldiev'Cxoqaetts, Salads, Pickles, Cliow.--!QlMr,Ttc.7-receiveafresh daily.We serve Breakfast, Dinner and Sup'per; also lunches and short orders at all,boars with the best the .market affords.'(2$auu-6mo) tAre You a Woman?nCarduiThe Woman's TonioFOR SALE AT ALL DRUGGISTSP4heriff's Sale !BOURBON QUARTERLY COURT.CONSOLIDATED CAUSES.The Power Grocery Co.,Vs."C. E. EndicottandWilliamson-Martin & Co.,Vs.PlaintiffsCleaning and pressing, repairing,altering, and in fact anything .in hetailoring line. All work guaranteed tomeet with satisfaction. The only shopin town having an expert tailor inchaige. To get the best results in allclasses of work, give us a call.LUTHER COLLINSla rear of Paris Billiard Hall, West(tf Cor. Main and 4th Sts.Explained."I don't understand Smith. He saysthings are awfully dull in his businessand yet he has just bought a new automobile." "Well, you see, sharpeningknives is his profession."To Heat the Entire Room.A Californian has designed a fireplace that sends out its heat in alldirections, the chimney being supported above the grate by steel columns.VERY LOW RATESTO THE WEST.C. E. Endicott,JS Defendants,..V- , -. -". -- . ' -T-'.&g&&kr .- ;i-xfcIa--'No mutter -whether the tiiennometerregisters 105 above or 25 below zero,Amalgamated Arc Soofingcan't be affected a particle.No matter the curves or valleys ofyour roof you need no tin to coverthem, for Amalgamated ARC. ROOFINGis very pliable. It is the Perfect Roofing,and the insurance rate is no higher thanwhen slate or metal is used.We authorize our agents to refund the moneyif our Roofing is not perfectly satisfactory.AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO.Chicago, IUiaisSold by Millersburg Coal andLumbre Co.,Millersburg, Ky.Pursuant to judgment and order ofsale entered in the above styled causes,I will, onWednesday, October 1 , 1 91 3,beginning at 10 o'clock a. m., at thestore room on West Main and 20thstreets, expose to public sale the entirestock of goods, consisting ofDry Goods, Groceries andHardwareThe above sale will be made to satisfythe plaintiff's debt, interest and cost,amounting on day of sale to $359.75.TERMS Three months time, thepur-cnaser 10 execute Dona witn atrarovedsurety, bearing 6 per cent, interest fromdate of sale, or the purchaser may paycash.A. S. THOMPSON,12-19-26 Sheriff Bourbon CountyNotice To Conractors.Miners Nt Prone to Suicide.There are fewer suicides amongminers th&m among any other class ofworkmen.Bids will be received for the construction of the sewer system for theEastern portion of Paris accordingto plans of J. A. Stewart. Plans maybe seen at the offices of J. A. Stewart,1112 Traction Building, Cincinnati,O., or of the Mayor of Paris, Ky., orof the State .Board of Health, atBowling Green. Bids to be made asa whole and for separate portionsfrom the outlet to Vine street, toEastern end of Stoner Avenue andfrom Stoner Avenue to Winchesterstreet. Bids to be in the hands ofthe City Clerk by Sept. 24, 1913. Theright is reserved to reject any or allbids or to accept any separate portion. J. T. HINTON, Mayor.The Missouri Pacific is offeringvery low rates to California, Idaho,Nevada, Utah, Western Clorado, NewMexico, Western Texas, Arizona, Oregon and Washington. Tickets soldSeptember 25th to October 10th, inclusive. For complete informationregarding rates, through free chairand sleeping car service, address J.A. Steltemkamp, G. A. P. D., 204Traction Building, Cincinnati, O.Value of Proper Spelling.Good spelling and intelligent punctuation are the accomplishments thatkeep many gray-haired women drawing good salaries as stenographers indowntown offices. The manager of atypewriter office from which are senthundreds of stenographers makes nosecret of the fact that good spellersare scarce. New York Sun.WORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!jfiTRE J9B RBOfflS OFTHERHRBNlEWSAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such as-iStick to Your Own Opinion.Isn't it a fact that the man "whoagrees with everybody is almost aaunpopular as the one who agrees withnobody? We must have minds of ourown and the good sense to keep, themto ourselves at the proper time.Monogamy Proved Best.Through the animal world carefulInvestigation shows that the nearerthe animals have approached theideal form of marriage the higherthey have reached in the scale of development and the better and moreenduring is their offspring.HAMLETT MAKES REPORTON KENTUCKY SCHOOLS.There are 739,681 school childrenin Kentucky. This report has beenmade by Barksdale Hamlett, StateSuperintendent of Education, to theFederal Government at Washington.There. are 23,371 children in privateschools, and the remainder attend thepublic schools of the State.There are 644 superintendents andassistants, and 175 supervisors. Theforce "of teachers numbers 11,089,who receive an average salary of$358.17. These children and teachers are domiciled in 8,093 schoolbuildings, which are valued at $10,838,355, and which nave equipmentsworth $1,217,576.BILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.Ok Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.tmumiuimiA. -V. I..-;;.-,r;.j-.4? -. . '"J, t"'.4-; $r u- --v.7.v -c-Irk '"JC- .' .'""'" t)THE BOURBON NEWS,' PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 19,1913-'paws;Monday,KENTUCKYSeptember 22MONGOLS KILL BRAVE MANBIG :WSFfex CIRCUSiGfomujNsM Jp 1 MUSEUMRENEMBER THE DAY AMD DATEBritish Telegraph Operator Laughs inthe Face of and Taunts HisExecutioners.nTENFOLD MORE FOR THE MONEYTHAN ANY OTHER SHOW ON EARTH.A REALIZATION OF THE CIRCUSTHE MOST EMINENT THE EARTH HUS KNOWN IN ANY CENTURY,A Multitudinous Overwhelming Indescribable crush of Amazing Gymastic,Acrobatic, Spectacular Aerial and Equestrian SENSATIONS.M. A. CAHAL.Barber Shop.m.tfPekin. News lias reached here ofthe tragic death of an English telegraph operator named Grant and hisfour Chinese companions. It seemsthat Grant, together with Mr. Henningsen, the Pekin superintendent of telegraphs, and other linemen, had beensent into Mongolia to repair the Chinese government lines. The partyseparated at Tuerin, Grant followingone line and Henningsen another. Thelatter completed his work and returned to Pekin, where rumors werebrought him that Grant had been slain.With Dr. Wolf and a Mr. Giles, Mr.Henningsen at once returned to Mongolia to look for the missing operator or to verify the rumors of hisdeath.When the party reached the place ofthe reported capture of Grant, he described the appearance of Grant to thelocal chief, who told him that such aman was in the camp of the GreatChief, 40 miles further on, but thathe had joined the Mongols and wouldnot leave them. When they reachedthe Great Chiefs camp a Russian wasfminri thprA who bore a striking resemblance to the missing man. Inthe camp they found Grant's belongings, his saddle, pipe and boots. Theyasked the Russian about 'them andwpra infnrmed that the things hadbeen captured from the Chinese.Hennington then became angry, andbitterly reproached the Russian. Thelatter replied that he had no idea thethings had belonged to Grant TheMongols had captured them all -fromthe Chinese, and it was evident thatthe Chinese had killed and robbedGrant. Henningsen then turned to theMongols and upbraided them."You must have known that this wasnot the man I was looking for," hesaid, "and as you have all my friend'sbelongings you must know what hasbecome of him. I shall go and talk tothe Great Chief."One of the Mongols who had shownthe party several courtesies thendrew Henningsen aside and urgedhim not to indulge in any furtherquestions."Your life and 'those of all the partydepend upon your discretion in this respect," he said. "You will not findout any more here, but I can tell youthat Grant had been killed. Go awayin peace. If Grant had done that hewould not have been killed."Having discussed the matter theparty decided that they could do nomore, but they learned from otherMongols' that Grant and the threeChinese had been captured, and thatthe Mongols had decided to kill theChinese Grant was told that he couldgo to Kalgan after his camera hadbeen destroyed, but he refused to abandon the Chinese.The Mongols gave him the choice ofgoing away at once or being shot withthe Chinese. Grant chose the latter, and as he stood in front of thefiring party he taunted the Mongolswith their cowardice and laughed intheir faces until the Mongols wondered at his bravery.the Lamp Oil thatSaves EyesNothing is more important in thehome than clear, steady light. Insurethis by Retting the oil that burnsclear and clean without a flickerdown to the last drop. Pennsylvaniacrude oil refined to perfection.Costs no more than the inferiortank-wagon oils saves MONEY savesWORK saves eyes.Your dealer has SOLITE OIL inbarrels direct from our works.Chas. C. Stoll Oil Co.Lexington, Ky.Refinery at Warren, Pa.We sell the celebrated "No Carb"Auto Oil.First-Class Workmen.Polite and Prompt Attention"to AIL1Hot and Cold BathsWe Thank You For a Share oYour Patronage.FE1IG HIPOLICE TO WATCH CHARLTONAlleged Wife Murderer to Be Guarded From Outsiders at Jailin Naples.Naples, Italy. Porter Charlton,when he arrives here, to be tried forper MMUUIScent, wo to $100,000W. KING & SON,125! Cheapside. Lexlncton,KyHR WOMENIs Easv to Have, NaturalColored and BeautifulSo many -women have grey or fadedhair; neglect it until it becomes thin,dry and lifeless, begins to fall out and-siakes them appear much older thanthey really are. If your hair is inthis condition get a bottle of Hay'sHair Health today. Don't wait untilsome one says how much older youlook. You'll be delighted at theresults from even one or two applications. The grey hairs gradually disappear and your hair will become fullof life and vitality. No one can tellthat you are using it It's not a dyebut a nice, clean preparation thatquickly and effectively keeps your greyhair dark, glossy and natural coloredand that all druggists guarantee satisfactory or refund your money. Always ask for Hay's Hair Health. Itnever fails.Free: Sign this adv. and take it to thefollowing druggists and get a 50c. bottle of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.cake of Harfina Soap, for 50c; or $1.00.bottle of Hay's Hair Health and two'2Sc. cakes of Harfina ? -p Free, for SI,L, OBERDORFER, DrupqlctPari, Ky4 Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDepositsYour Deposits Are GuaranteedYOU TAKE NO RISKSif You Are InterestedWrite UsUNION STATE BANKMuskogee, OklahomaPorter Charlton.the murder of his wife at Lake Comothree years ago, will be taken incharge by a body of policemen andcarbineers, according to orders issuedby the prefect and the chief of police.The instructions say that Charltonmust not be allowed to communicatewith outsiders. The officer in command of his escort will be held personally responsible for the safety of theprisoner.Truck Replaced Thre Teamsrt. , . , vw-- ipMfy f jri jIn eleven months this three-ton KisselKar Truck covered in actual service4,760 miles at a fuel cost of $1.08 per day. Manned by a driver and one helper,it replaced three teams of horses. The average daily burden was 371 7.20thss nst carried an average load of four tons one ton overload but in the entire period named, was laid up only two and one-half hours for repairs."We can recommend the KisselKar Truck and assure that it lives up to itsguarantee," writes Thomas E. Fleischer, manager of the Sheboygan Lime Works.Two! and one-half hours for repairs, carrying over 37 tons per day is a record worthyof notice. KisselKar Trucks cost little to maintain and are economical to operate becausethe problem is solved jn KisselKar construction.Note these striking KisselKar features Simple engine easy to operate rgserve powerexcess capacity differential lock preventing one drive wheel absorbing all the power onslippery places, and stalling the truck four speed transmitters geared up fourth speedpermitting high speed when desired without racing engine ; 15 to 20 per cent, lower fuelconsumption than average trucks light spring suspension for power plant, heavy springsuspension for load gauge that weighs load greatest accessibility easy control largerbrake drums, and extra powerful brakes special bodies designed to meet every need.jKisseluCcir Urucko1500 lbs.-1 -2-3-4 and 5 TonsIn the "range of capacity, 1500 lbs. to 5 tons, you can find just the type that nib yourrequirements and with the KisselKar Truck goes the KisselKar Service, which Lis themanufacturer's guarantee of satisfaction. SKisselKar Service means taking off your hands all of the mechanical details.A special service building is maintained in this city for the benefit of KisselKar owners.The KisselKar service is a broad and comprehensive arrangement between manufacturer andowners that cares for the car, maintains efficiency, retards depreciation and minimizes upkeep. This" service is a valuable consideration in the purchase of a power wagon. Investigate it.Ask us to analyze your present horse haulage ss compared to motor haulage. The result will be interesting.Send for free book showing KisselKar Truckslrfactual use in your line and many otherlinesyof business.TheFo8Iowing Lanes ofbtisiness HaveRecentIyi;bought Kisstel-Kar TrucksIron and Steel, Lumber, Textile, Milling, Giocery, Dry Goods, Dairy, Furniture, Fruit, Commission, Transfer, Bus, Hotel, Caterer. Brewery, Building Supplies, Contracting, Plumbing, Canning, Oil, Telephone,laundry, Bakery,' Confectionery, Ice, Coal, Farming, Hardware, Ice Cream, Creamery, Produce, Crockery, Undertaking and to municipalities in Fire, Health and Police departments. "We make them to suit theneeds of"ariy business.L:Phone 21 05.O. R. HUKLE,51 3 West Main Street,Lexington,!.Ky.tmemommimamKmmmmmmmmmmBmmBmBmammamBammmmmmmmmmmmMmmBimmmmimmmmmMammmmmamaBBmmaasmmBmmmmmmmmmmWhat Is Your Aim?It is not enough to be industrious;so are the ants. What "are you industrious about? Thoreau.FOR YOUTH I9999999399999909$9eQ9mMZG$&Q9ToBicycle Owners:s Your BicycleUnsightly Grey and Faded HailWhy not have beautiful, dark, glossy,natural colored hair, full of life andbeauty keep yourself young lookingand fascinating? Its so easy andsimple to do if you will get a bottle ofHay's Hair Health today. You'll noticea change after one or two applicationshow quickly the grey hairs vanishaow glossy, full of life and vitalityHay's Hair Health will keep your Mir.Don't waste time, get a bottle today.Your druggist is selling more Hay'sHair Health than all others, becausehe knows it's the most satisfactory,the nicest and cleanest to use andreally does restore color to grey hair.Free: Sign this adv. and take it to thefollowing druggists and get a 50c. bottle of Hay's Hair Health and a 25c.cake of Harfina Soap for 50c; or $1.00bottle of Hay's Hair Health and two?oc. cakes of Harfina Soap Free, for ?1L. OBERDORFER, Druggist,Paris, Ky.When you fed ?vous, tired, worried or despondent it is asure sign you need MOTT'S NERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMott's Nerverine Pills JXSJSWILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, OhioL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky...Sick?If so, bring it to J, ELVOVE, and he willcure it at a very small cost and will guaranteehis work to give satisfaction or no pay Wehave engaged an expert mechanic to do thiswork. We carry a full line of all kinds ofRepairs and Supplies,Bicycles to suit yourpocketbook.J. ELVOVE,Paris, KeirtucltyOur Call Home Phone 360Professional CardsCapital $100,000Fully PaidJX CANCER CURED1 guarantee every case I un- jX dertake; 20 year practice; ref- 0erence, any citizen of Paris,DR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.Recovers for Loss of Disposition.New York. Max Fenders' four-year-olddaughter had a sweet, obedient disposition until the janitressof the apartment in which Max livedswatted the little girl with an ashcan. After that the child became disobedient and irritable and a jury hasjust awarded Fender $100 for loss ofthe child's nice disposition.Tows Airship to Port.London. The British army airshipEta established a precedent by takingin tow a disabled airship and pullingit 14 mile through the air. By meansof a cable 600 feet long the Eta,which rode 200 feet higher than theother machine to avoid collision, accomplished its task.Dr. Win. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.i tct m 1 OKOffice Phones J H-omel3gMMN0tiG6Mrs. Albert H. Morehead has returned from her vacation and is eadyto eceive pupils for the Piano. Forinformation apply toMOREHEAD MUSIC CO.,9-2t-pd 606 Main Street.LOST COW.Residence( E. T. 334.Home 334.DR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Eooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid gParis - - KentnckyI'Soo:. J. WTLIilAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-IJLW. -m 1 Elks Bmldimr. u , iStrayed or stolen from my place, atRuddles Mills, Monday night, Septemb 10, one muley Jersey cow. Liberal reward for her recovery or information leading thereto.DOCK SNAPP,12-3t Ruddles Mills, Ky.Stray Lambs, fEstrayed from my place on theNorth Middletown pike, two largeSouthdown lambs with brown painton hip: Call 391 or 468 Cum. phone.J. HAL WOODFORD.fTHAYS HAIR HEALTHTHEJVORHERefined Women Give Thi$the PreferenceThe easiest way to keep yonr hairyouthful-looking, to prevent it frostturning grey, is to use Hays HaijHealth. It gives absolute satisfactionand a few applications will restore matural color, give vitality to grey; analfaded hair and remove all traces oCDandruff. Beautiful natural coloraayouthful-looking hair, more man anything else, contributes to a woman $good looks. ,Hay's Hair Health is keeping tiottsands of women's hair glossy, naturalcolored and beautiful. You'll neYerjregretlbuying it when yon see tie difference it makes in your appearancrFree: Sign this adv. and take it to ta.following druggists amd get a SOc bottle of Hay's Hair Health ad a c.cake of Harfina Soap, for 50c; or Lt,bottle or Hay's Hair Health aaa twiSc. cakes of Hwrfina Soap Free, for XrXj. wJWiwnev;,t, Paris,. Ky-c -W,fc7"t rTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 19, 19137v-ft?Fifcr.ftIhIp-i4iM OF MILLERSBUh11UMrs. M. J. Caldwell is on thesick list.Miss Lore Blackmon, of Jackson,Tenn., is theguest of Miss Ruth. Stiraoan. Mr. Raymond Booth has entered' he law department of the Unirersityml "Virginia.Master Thomas Gardner left Saturday for Birmingham, Ala., where heTrill enter school,Mrs. Russell Mitchell was takenI so St. Joseph Hospital, at Lexington,Tuesday, for treatment.Miss Olive Fisher left Wednesdayso resume her studies at Randolph--MaconCollege, in Virginia.Mesdames J. T. Jefferson andietton Vimont left Tuesday for a twoweeks' sojourn at Torrent.Mrs. James Wilson left Tuesdaylor her home in Stanford after a twoveeks' visit to Mrs. E. M. Thomason.- Messrs. Barnes, Hill and Melbourne, of Kingston, N. Y., visited thePeed & McClintock stock barns Tues-- slay, purchasing several mules.- Mr. B. D Baldwin was called toCincinnati Tuesday by telegram onaccount of the critical illness of his"wife,, who is there under treatment.The Millersburg Coal & LumberCo. has a large stock of Seed Wheat,"" Seed. Rye, Timothy Seed, ShelledCorn for feeding. Call us eitherphone 22.Mr. and Mrs. B. C. Hawkins, Mr.and Mrs E. M Ingels, Messrs J. O.Ralls, J. W. Marr and J. T. Adair aretaking in the Kentucky State Fair atLouisville.Mr. M. A. Pruitt, who purchasedthe business of Mr. Joel Mock sometime ago, left Tuesday for his home atBurnside, but will return some teimeliis October.Rev. and Mrs. J. D. Redd enter--sained the stewards of the M E.thurch with a six o'clock dining Monday evening. The occasion was a delightfulyone. Mrs. W. A. Butler left Monday fora. weeks' visit to Misses Bettie Reeseand Maggie Wallingford, in Masoncounty. Mr. Butler leaves today toremain until Monday.Rev. U. V. W Darlington, of Huntington, W. Va., and Rev. W. T. Wattsof Covington, were guests of Rev. J.D. Redd, Monday. They were enroute to the Kentucky Conference,which is now in session at Somerset.They left Tuesday, accompanied byRev. Redd and Dr. C. C. Fisher.The protracted meeting which began at the Christian church Mondaynight is increasing in interest. ElderC. O. Cossaboom, pastor of the- church, is being assisted by his brother, Elder M. A. Cossaboom, of Indiana. He is a forcible speaker, and ispreaching interesting sermons, holding the attention of his audiences, aslie always has something to tell them.There will be a called meeting ofAmity Lodge No. 40 F. &. A. M., onWednesday evening, Sept. 24, for thepurpose of conferring the E P. degree.All members are requested to be present. Mr. R. M. Caldwell has returnedfrom a three-weeks' trip to Canada.Miss Bessie Norton, of Carlisle,is visiting her aunt, Miss Nannie Burroughs. Misses Esther Nell and Lucy Jefferson were visitors in Lexington Wednesday. Mr. and Mrs. T D. Judy entertained Tuesday with a six o'clock dinner for Rev. and Mrs. C. O. Cossaboom. Mr. T D Judy was bitten by a dogWednesday afternoon, and his righthand wTas severely lacerated. Thedog belonged to Mr. J. H. Carpenter.Mr. S. M. Allen and family leftWednesday for Louisville to attendState Fair and the meeting of theBankers' Assocciation.Mr. John W. Mock, aged 80years, died Wednesday at 3:30 a. m.,after a lingering illness of general debility at the home of his son, Mr. JoelW. Mock. Mr. Mock was one of theoldest and best known undertakers inKentucky, having devoted more thanhalf a century of his life to that occupation. He was born near Millersburg, and the greater part of his lifehas been spent here. He resided fora time in Missouri, where he was engaged in the dry goods business.From there he returned to Carlisle,where for many years he operated anundertaking establishment. Aboutthirty years ago he returned to Millersburg, where he engaged in the undertaking business, operating underthe firm name of Mock & McClintockfor many years. In 1894 Mr. Currentretired from the firm and the businesswas operated by Mr. Mock alone for afew years, after which time his onlyson, Mr. Joel W. Mock, assumed thebusiness, though until recently theelder Mock has been an active man inthe business, doing a large part of thework of the establishment. Mr. Mockwas one of a large family, and is survived by one sister, Miss Lucy Mock,of Ruddles Mills. He belongs to ahistoric family and his grandfatherserved in the revolutionary war. Hewas united in marriage early in life toMiss Katherine Howard, at Moorefield, the union being messed withtwo children, Mr. Joel W. Mock, ofthis city, and Mrs. O. C. Pope, whopreceded him to the grave some tenyears ago. He was a typical Kentucky gentleman, loving in his familyand true to his friends. He has performed many acts of kindness andcharity of which the world knowsnothing. The funeral took place onThursday afternoon from his late residence after a short service by Rev.A. S. Venable, of the Presbyterianchurch. Interment in the Millersburgcemetery. Quite -a numebr of friendsfrom surrounding towns were presentto pay their last respects.FALL MILLINERY DISPLAYTHEATRICAL"THE PASSING SHOW OF 1912."Lexington's theatre beautiful,The Ben Ali, will open on September23rd and 24th, with the New YorkWinter Garden's mammoth producion."The Passing Show of 1912." "ThePassing Show of 1912" is a kaleidoscopic alamanac in seven scenes ofsplendor, fun and music and comeswith the original cast including TrixieFriganza, Charles Prince, Eugene andWillie Howard, Clarence Harvey,Moon and Morris, Texas -Guinan, Louise -Brunnelle and 80 others.As the name implies "The PassingShow of 1912" is a review of important events of the year 1912, and needless to say, everything is treated ina humorous way. For example, theharem scene from "Kismet" is reproduced almost in its entirety, but thisapplies ouly to the actual scene.Scenes from "Bougn and Paid For,""Officer 666," "The Return of PeterGrim," "The Quaker Girl," "OliverTwist," and other successes are alsohandled in a like manner.The production by far the most enormous ever staged at the WinterGarden was produced by New Wayburn, who has devised many originalstage tricks.lliaic r l igaiuu, wc dh-i-uj, v,uiii.dienne, who is one of theplayers of the Winter Garden Company, presenting the "Passing Showof 1912," is recognized as one of theformost musical comedy artists on theAmerican stage. Miss Friganza is aspecial feature in the numerous extravagant burlesques on popular playsin the forthcoming revue.The advance sale will open thismorning at 9 o'clock at the box officein the theatre.Mail orders should be accompaniedby check or money order, and will befilled in the order of their receipt,seats as near those desired as possible will be reserved. If tickets areto be forwarded enclose stamped addressed, envelope to Avoid error.Prices: $2, $1.50, 75, and 50c, every seat in the house Deing reserved."The Passing Show of 1912" will befollowed at the Ben Ali by "A Romance of Billygoat Hill," a dramatization of Alice Hagan Rice's novelof the same name, for the remainderof the week with a matinee on Saturday.PROF. HENDRICKS CHOSENBIBLE CLASS TEACHERDr. T. P. McCartney, of Transylvania University, of Lexington, who hasso ably taught the Men's Bible Classof the Paris Christian church for thepast eighteen months, ended his workamong us Sunday, Sept. 14.Prof. T. A Hendricks, Superintendent of the Paris City Schools, hasbeen chosen to succeed Dr McCartneyas teacher.A strong effort is being made tobuild up this class so that it may compare favorably with similar classesin our neighboring cities. All members are urged to be present Sundaymorning, Sept. 21, at 9:30 sharp', togreet the new teacner and assist inprincipal . the work we are planning."All men of the city and county, regardless of church arfiliation, are invited to become members of the class.Visitors always welcome.Thirty-one women are employed asrailway brakemen and ten as baggagemen in the United States.We Have Our Complete Line ofFALL GOODSTOLLE ACQUITTED OFMANSLAUGHTER CHARGEErnest "Happy" Tolle was foundnot guilty on a charge of manslaughter in the Harrison Circuit CourtTuesday afternoon, the jury deliberating less than fifteen minutes beforereturning the verdict. Tolle was indicted by the grand jury in the present term of the Circuit Court. He shotand killed Parker Slade at the L. & N.depot, in Cynthiana, on the night ofAugust 31.FOR SALE.New line of comforts, blankets,counterpanes. Save you money.(It) J. T. HINTON.ONE OF THE ESSENTIALDUTIES OF CITIZENSHIPTuesday, October 7, is RegistrationDay, and every voter of the city, wkois here between the hours of 6 a. ra.,9 p. m., unless prevented by sickness'must register, in order to be allowedto vote during the ensuing year.No Democrat should let anything,except sickness or absence from honaeduring the hours named, prevent has.from registering, and our Democraticneighbors should be reminded of thisrequirement.The right to vote is a sacred dutyand failure to exercise that privilegeis conclusive evidence of one's lack ofappreciation of the obligations of citizenship.Paris Book CompanycTWRS. C. D. WEBB, Prop.IVSchool Books and SchoolSupplies, Novelties, Etc.Ledgers, Journals, !JPens, InksEtc. Magazines, Maps,Globes, in fact everything fhat's found at a Book Store.Picture Framing Our Leading... SpecialtyWORK DONE WHEN PROMISEDIStrictly up-to-the-minute fashionsin Fall millinery. New trimmer fromone of the largest Eastern houses.Date of opening, September 25 and26. Beautiful showing of real beavers,clipped beaver, velours, hatters plushin all the new shades and shapes.Beautiful line of novelties in extreme(19-2t) MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.!Men's Suits and Overcoatsat Low PricesWe Handle the Best Line of School Shoes inAmerica, Known as the Peter'sWeatherbird ShoesSole AgentsRALSTON HEALTH CM m IPETER'S DIAMOND BRAND CSflOftSIFELLOWCR AFT KJAVYD .Come in and SeeWe have an extra good Range for Sale. Reason for selling, we are going to use natural gas. Willsell reasonable.J. H.JOSSELSON,717 Main Street PARIS, KENTUCKYI't 1 " N Il ftAtFCEM1i wa mZzrzmm&v&9MK 91 'fesiuw.. mm1 J m . WJ JL. J' i M.U i ' .J.ll' L"WW;? Ml ii 1 1 111 i m7 rt&MMliBUY NOW.Our Final Reductions on AllSUMMERFOOTWEAROffers YOU NOW the greatest opportunity of the Season for the purchase of YOUR FOOTWEAR SUPPLY for the family.Buying as we do in GREAT QUANTITIES we are able to offer YOU BEST QUALITYSHOES at a GREAT REDUCTION IN PRICES.We are now offering some EXTRAORDINARY VALUES INLATEST STYLE FALLFOOTWEAR that we are now receiving daily forMEN, WOMEN and CHILDREN.ir is TO YOUR ADVANTAGE TO TRADE AT OUR STORE, where Courteous andReliable Dealing Is Assured.r stlclvmeI eM ISole Agents for FamousiJ , '7 ' $mMMitmvmm'f WALK-OVER- AND -BEACON SHOESTHE BEST FOR MONEY.COHENV 3D -A. 1ST- r-H i. IL.. flHIRVictor-Victrola$ n nlias a p&iiiveryIts artistic design a'-.ci btau- .tiful music l-uve niatlo it welcome in homes of wealth endrefinement every where.And the many different Etyliof the Victor-Yictrola make itpossible for every home to have kone of these wonderful i::strfct-ments.' Come in and see about yastrs to. day.. Si 5 to $200 ana if desiredwe 11 arr.njje it o jou can enjoy' your Victor-Victioia while payi-gU.5 it.DAUGHERTY BROS.Ar-WINDXIw IIIIINSURANCEFire andLightningWoodM12 Big CompaniesJ