S.Jj fs.a'..ilXw71r.'.-:J4' -bVK'ft. A.-cVVAUrIP5?,'. PUBLISHED;: EWB,Y TJJESDAYAlfD .ftRIDXY IN THE YEAR---v vc vf,tVOLUME XXXI 'PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY; OCT. 31, 1913.NEGRO WANTED IN COVINGTONTAKEN INTO CUSTODY HEREJohn Cantrill, a negro wanted inCovington for the murder of CallieFugate,"a negress; of this city, wasarrested Tuesday about noon 'on thefarm of Mr. King Griffith, near BwaltGross Roads, and will be turned overto the .police of that city to answerthe charge. 4The arrest of Cantrill was accomplished by, Patrolman Fred Link, ofthis city. About two weeks ago Linkreceived information from the officials of Scott county of a burglary"WE KNOW HOW'MACKINAWITiBr l8-r Mjl-9WithDetAch&blerlandlesthat had been committed near Stamp- hrt9B 'rt- xW,rdlL NOW ON DISPLAY ikIN OUR WINDOW. .i, Let Us Demonstrate TheirSuperiority. '- , -?a.MvwXc2 v).Q'- tww..FLOUR!-sLancaster Pride.The Best Flour For Less Money.Try a Sack and if Not Satisfactory we;Will Refund Your Money, as WeGuarantee fzv&ry Sack.25 lbs. Lancaster Pride Flour $ -SO50 lbs. Lancaster Pride Flour : 1 .60100 lbs. Lancaster Pride Flour ..-..- 3. 1 O30cThe'best Northern Potatoes, per pk.(These are fancy white stock)Sweet Potatoes, per pk - . 35cCabbage, -nice solid heads, per lb '. 3 cDried Sliced Beef in glass jars". 20c(Regular 25c value)Stone's Wrapped Cakes Received Fresh Every Day.Both 'Phones 234 I -T. C. LENIHAN.Cash Grocery.number of pieces of wearing apparel Wand a shot gun. A description of thei in a. a wuu was auugeu uu nave cum-mitted the crime was furnished the local official, and as it tallied closelywith that of Cantrill a sharp lookoutwas kept for the suspect. Some daysater Patrolman -Link learned thatCantrill had been in the negro suburb of Claysville in an. effort to dis-pose-ofa shot gun. Later he learnedthat he was employed on the farm ofMr. Griffith, where he was taken injto custody. ' ?Cantrill, who bears the reputationof being a desperate character, wasin a corn field engaged in shucking)corn and was surprised by .the officer.He had no weapon on his person, butin a coat in a 'cabin he had concealeda large revolver. The shot gun hehad stolen was recovered and was returned to the owner in "Scott county,it who came to Paris Wednesday andidentified the weapon.The arrest of Cantrill -brings intothe clutches of the law the slayer oCallie Fugate. The crime was committed in Covington, from where thealleged perpetrator escaped and hassince been at large. ""Cantrill , and the Fugate, womanleft Paris together last spring, ( wherethey had lived together for sometime. On the night of September 9the woman was found in a secludedspot with her throat cut nd severalwounds in the body. She was takento sa hospital in a very serious condi-1irm frtr onrvivorl fnr covornl flnvR IShe was able to give an account ofthe tragedy and gave a description ofher. assailant, upon which the policeof several cities have been workingLwith a hope of apprehending th,e accused.On the night following the cuttingof the woman Cantrill ,made his appearance in Ruckerville. He went toa barber shop in the colored suburb,where he removed a bloody shirt andcoat and -told a number of the crimehe had committed. The matter wasreported to the police, but he had disappeared, and no trace was found ofhim until the burglary in Scott county was reported to the police.The Fugate woman lived severaldays after being wounded, duringwhich time an ante-mortem "statementwas taken by the prosecuting attorney of the Kenton Circuit Court.Cantrill is said to be one of themost dangerous negroes that ever resided in this community. He. was abutcher and previous to the time ofleaving Paris was employed in several butcher shops here. He is abrother of Bus Cantrill, who is serving a term in the State Reformatoryin Frankfort for manslaughter.vfr-&'t'V- J 'lj !.I-CO A TS4' jtilAre All the..Kkge Among the Men .: This Fallarid if youdon't come in and buy one of these coats nowyou will regret it later on. -The-rMn':iPHOENIX BIRD CASE DISMISSED BY JUDGE KERR.I-SUIT TRANSFERRED OTHE FEDERAL COURT.m .mHoleproof HosieryGuaranteed For Six MonthsIn the Fayette Circuit Court yesterday afternoon Judge Charles Kerr dismissed the case brought against thePhoenix Hotel Co. for serving birdsin violation of the game laws on peremptory instruction.In the Fayette Circuit Court Wednesday Judge Kerr ordered that thesuit of the Louisville & Nashville'Railroad Company against the Western Union Telegraph Company betransferred to the United States District Court in the Eastern District ofKentucky.?-Mackinaw Coatisa short, heavy wool garment, cut 33 to 36 inches long;made Double-Breasted and, Norfolh style in dark MarounPlaids, Greys, Tans and Dark Green Colors, just the thingfor the fellow wants to keep warm and still not to sbebothered with a long heavy Overcoat.Come in to our store and try one one, as we have anendless variety. These Coats, which we shall take pleasure in showing you all prices from $5 to $1 2.Mitchell & Blakemore,The Store for Men's StylesParis, Kefitucky2T fc!wwmmmmmmmEiKunn)iiinm;lttiiH!in;inniiiiiiiuiniiniiiiimn:rmiinminjunniiiniuiJ'iiiiimiiimimiiiiiiijHwsiacFRANK &, COiThe Store' Where Reliability Reigns.!5.-5SUMMONED TO BEDSIDEOF HIS INJURED SONAre a pleasure to ladies and mothers.'darning. t All sizes.NoOur StdcK of Winter Wear isComplete. :Union Suits and Separate Garments at allprices.PRJ6E, & 60. Giotniersand FurnishersTlmxIPp?Rev. M. T. Chandler, of Cynthiana, formerly of Paris, was -summonedto Westville, 111., near Danville,Sunday, by a message announcingthat his youngest son, feouthgate; hadbeen injured in-' a railroad accidenton Saturday. Southgate was working on some coal cars that were being shunted to the shaft of a mine.The cars left the track and the youngman was caught between them. Hewas severely bruisedv about the legs,the leaders and muscles being crushed. While quite painful and necessitating a short stay in the hospital,Southgate's injuries, fortunately, arenot serious. Mr. Chandler returnedto Cynthiana Tuesday.mvSSISkmjwy.mIP9mSPECIALSHigh-Grade Satin Lined Suits, L.adies'V and Misses'".' $15.00 Each :: Alterations Free -,Chinchilla and Zibilene . Coats,Extra' Good ValuesFORMER PARIS, MAN 'FILES ,sJlT FOR HEAVY DAMAGESTOT,FiSuit for damages for personal injury in the sum of $10,000, was filedin the Fayette Circuit Court Wednesday afternoon by William HowardjJr., of Nepton, Ky.,. formerly of thiscity, against the Kentucky Traction& Terminal Co., and for medical attention in the sum of $30.The plaintiff alleges in his petitionthat on Nov. 10, 1912, he boarded pneof the company's, cars in Paris "andpaid his fare ' to Lexington, and thatwhile riding on the car as a passenger a pane of glass in one of the' windows of the car became dislodged asa result of the gross t carelessnessand negligence of servants' and employes of the company, particles ofAVhich struck him in the right eye,which was lacerated and cut, causinghim great suffering afl permanentlyinjuring him. The plaintiff js represeted byP. A. Thompson..V"tI' $10.00 EachCrepe KijnonasFullXength,,; ' . :t All Colors t "1.' $1.00 Each ". :-r,-J-X9wSj&hZ&i'! C.Gingham House Dressesr'All Sizes and All Colors$1.00 EachCome in and See these SpecialsgniiiJiuiiuiHiiirmiTMiaiBiinHiinimiimjitHitHHiHHHiimiHiuriiiTtmlFRANK oc C&r--tototoMmm-wmwmmwMMMmmm1Vvm. s.ir?li"asii;ttvJf!v5W'O'. -'bv&?ir"3-JC:-o. 7. . . L'?3kk -JSP' ""tV '."WfTT " w-jgywfj!- ,,.,. . -.. y -..,,, .. .., , -. . ,y ,iiinn. rtiin., . , . in i ,..... -. Ml- rvu jjfmfmimmmmmmmkm&BBakmTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, QCTOB&ER 31, J013M-j- i"''"f1- ! H :u'f3 lit 's!k t.4H1f.,'tI A.r -iPfc5fiiSkin Sufferers-Read!"We -want all akin sufferers -who havesuffered for many years the tortures ofdisease and "who have sought medical aidIn vain, to read this."We, as old established druggists ofthis community, wish to recommend toyou a product that has given many relief and may mean the end of youragony. The product is a mild, simpleirash, not a patent medicine concocted ofvarious worthless drugs, but a scientificcompound made of well known antisepticIsgredients. It is made in the D.D.D.laboratories of Chicago and is called theDJ.9. Prescription for Ecrema.This is a doctor's special prescriptionone that has effected manyjronderfulcores.The effect of D. D. D. Is to soothe Instantly, as soon as applied; then it penetratesthe pores, destroys and throwsoff all disease germs and leaves theskin clean and healthy."We are so confident of the marvelouspower of D. D. D. that we have taken.'advantage of the manufacturers guarantee, td offer you a full-size bottle onjitrial. You are to judge the merits of)the remedy in your own particular csweIf it doesn't help yon, it costs. JyouSnothing.IXD.D. Soap is made of the samohealing ingredlentsAsk; us, about itANNOUNCEMENT !IH Paris Borne Celepftone and CeKgrapb (Ko.A Kentucky corporation, has purchased the property and plant ofthe Bourbon County Home Telephone Company, ahd will continuethe business as an Independent Telephone Company, connectingwith Independent Toll Lines and over 100,000 Home TelephoneSubscribers in Kentucky.The business of the Company will be under the direct supervision of J. J. Veatch, District Manager. New cable is being installed, open wire removed, and modern, up-to-date, central energy service will-be provided for our subscribers., Call contract department and order your telephone now.(Incorporated)GO SOUTH THIS WINTERGo where fair skies, ideal weather, and outdoor enjoyment dispel allthought of winter's discomfort.WINTER TOURIST FARESNOW AVAILABLE VIAVTO ALL RESORTS OF THE SOUTHINCLUDING FLORIDA, NEW ORLEANS, PANAMA AND.'.'LAND OF THE SKY."TICKETS ON SALE DAILY! LONG RETURN LIMIT;ATTRACTIVE STOP-OVER PRIVILEGES.EQUIPMENT, SERVICE AND SCENERY UNSURPASSED.For details consult any Ticket Agent or .writeH. C. KING; Passenger and Ticket Agent, 10 1 East Main St., Lexington, Ky.The Bourbon NewsEstablished 188132 Years oftinouous Publication.Con-SW1FT CHAMP, Editor and 'Owner.(Entered at the Paris, Kentucky,Postofiice as Mail Mattel of theSecond Class.)Published Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year $2.00 Six Months. $1.00Payable in Advance. "-ADVERTISING RATESDisplay Advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time; 50 pents per incheach subsequent instertion.Reading-Notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates, obituaries and resolutions, andsimilar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisemnts and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto 'decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's .stock intrade and source of revenue.GREAT WHEAT YIELDIINGANADAANDU.S.Statistics of Wonderful Achievements Told in Reports From. Both Great AmericanTVCountries. r. 7Br'KEEP YOUTHand beautv to Dreveni wrinkles and "prow'sfeet" and deep black circles under the eyesnothing is as good'asDrt Pierce'siFAVORITE PRESCRIPTION JGive it a fair, trial for banishing those distressing nains or-!- drains on one's vitality. This prescription of Dr. Pierce's regulates all thawomanly functions. It eradicates and destroys "female Complaints" andweaknesses that make women miserable and old before their time. Every girlneeds it before womanhood. Every mother needs it. It is an invigorating tonisfor the female system. All medicinedealers'haye sold it with satisfaction, toCUaLUUieiS jlui uic yimHj yuma. ib la uuw vucaiiiixuic 1.1 jjqwiu u; lauiei, xonn.at drugstores or send 50 one-cent stamps lor trial dox, to a. v. .fierce,DR. PIERCE'S PIJEASAWTFESiLETSR5uffaloregulate and invigorate stomach, liver and bowelsmmma ,w.'wy -.., u---- ; tf - -CWSTj,tTTinfl.'mrFPRODUCTION AMOUNTS TOONE BILLION BUSHELSHarvests Will Add Hundreds, ofMillons of Dollars of NewWealth, x.few'wiiif Telephone No. 4.Woyrbon Laundry;.D4VIS & FUNK, Props.in is in tdT - ITI t'""l r-IC u"aftWest 5 Street WWe Take Pleasure.in "oinc: up the finest shirtwaists or anything in theiaunary line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes btfck on its reputation. If you are jarticularabout how vour linen is5SZU. laundered, your custom is themuu we waiiii as we 11KK toappreciateeBourbon Laundry,Paris KentuckyTheThe Best in the WorldTheHiggin All-MetalScreens,Higgin All-MetalWeather Strip.Distributors of the Walger NewcTWodel AwningThe Best Awning Ever Put UpSuitable For Residences, Office and Hotel Buildings,School Houses, Etc.Some of Our Customers in Paris Massie" Hospital, A.J. Winters, Geo. Alexander, N. F. Brent, J. W. Davis,Deposit Bank, T. H. Clay, Mitchell & Blakemore an& dozens of others.Our Sales Agents will gladly furnish an estimate foryou. Get the Higgin service and be satisfied.Screens bought now for future delivery are made at 2cents per square foot cherper.T. A. Hendricks,AgentLexington, Ky.-'From the authoritative CanadianAgricultural DeDartmenf- thoro oQone day last week, reports 'telling oftut; resuus or Canadian grain farming this year measured by bushels.A few hours earlier there came fromthe like department at Washington,a report teling of some of the achievements of the farmers of the UnitedStates, measured in - bushels, forthis year. The two reports tell awonderful story of agricultural triumphs in the northern half of theAmerican hemisphere. For instancethe Canadian authorities report thatwheat belts within their jurisdictionproduced two hundred and seven million bushels in the .aggregate and thiswas several million bushels more ofwheat than were garnered 'last year.The . Canadian farmers are also increasing the productiveness of theirsoil apparently, for their acres pro-uucea tins year an average of twenty-oneand fifteen hundredths bushels. .This is a greater wheat harvesttnan any garnered last year for eachacre; not very much, but sufficientto show that the wheat growers ofCanada are coaxing from the soil better and better, harvests per acre eachyear.From Washington come the reportthat our own wheat belts producedthis year a little over seven hundredand fifty-three million bushels. Notin any other times have the wheatuurvesis or tne united States beenso gceat, measured by bushels,as hasbeen the case this year. If our ownproduction of wheat is added to theCanadian production, it is discoveredthat the North American Continenthas harvested this year nearly onebillion bushels of wheat.These figures will be read withsome astonishment by the Europeanexperts who predicted a few yearsago that gradually, but surely, wheatproduction throughout the world" VSU.41A VlVJlXXlli i3lJ LllrlL II V HIKI IV I MP Ipeoples of the earth, who have relied ' 1rtl1 a Carollna sends much dogupon wheat' for their principal grain Jvod and Persimmon lumber to EngCanadian Northwest was regarded asa' drear jr, 'inhospitable, Siberian-likeregion capable of no' other lade-thanthat which its fur-D earing animalsmade possible. Suddenly there camea Knowledge that .millions and millions of acres were peculiarly adapted, both in nature of the soil and inthe climatic characteristics of the region, to the cultivation of wheat.There were pioneers who took advantage of this opportunity and where1they lead other farmers went untilat last Canada has harvested as manybushels of wheat as the United Statesfor a few years after the building ofrailroads opened up the wheat landsof the West and Northwest to thefarmers.The fact that the North AmericanContinent in this year 1913 has harvested nearly one million bushels ofwheat is of vast, consequence to worldcommerce. These harvests will tendto increase the reciprocal trade between Canada and the United States,which is now very large, if we leaveraw cotton out of the consideration,is the largest trade in the UnitedStates has with any foreign nation.James J. Hall, in his recent addressat Boston, spoke in monitory wordsof what he believed to be the tendency at the present, time toward manufacture and away from agriculture.These figures, however, would seem toshow that the growers of wheat uponthe North American continent are fully holding their own with the manufacturers. -The two industries arevery closely allied and ,a billion! bushels of harvested wheat thisyearwill inevitably stimulate greatly manufacturers m Canada and the UnitedStates. .Canada, of course, by reason of itsclimate, will never threaten the perfeminence of the United States as anIndian corn producing country, although her two hundred million bushels of wheat harvested this year maypoint to the time when -she will equalor even surpass the United States asa wheat-producing nation. The mag-nincent harvests of Indian corn inLouisiana and the South, and the excellent harvests of this grain in thecorn belts further North, have madeit possible for the Washington authorities to report that the total harvest .this year is notmuch below theaverage of normal corn crops., 'The stupendous harvest of corn lastyear was phenomenal, and it is notexactly fair to compare the harvest ofthis year with the exceptional recordmade last year. The corn belts didproduce this year approximately twomillion bushels of1 corn. The scorching heat and other, climatic causesreduced our corn harvests so that thenumber of bushels was a little belowthe average for the past five years,but it is a magnificent harvest andtllP fimirPR foil a atnrxr nf fVa rrvnrextent Of Olir onrn-nrnrlimina- holfe ! Mflnncrpv FT TT "EHrnrrl rft V "D-T in 1 r- ,1 sso great that no conceivable climatic berland Telephone & Te egraph Company announces that th?conditions can impare greatly the telephone firppfnrv ivfll i ho Voe.vi!? announces tnat the newcorn harvests of the United States. LeieP"one Oirectory WlllSOOn be issued.Moreover, this year we have, as so I . . lne. neY. "St Will be corrected up to November 1st and hostates tnac an those who wish to make changes in their listings.or to have their names placed in te new directory, should communicate with him at once.Those who are contemplating installing telephones in theirhomes or officesashpuld act promptly in order that 'their namesmay appear properly m the new directory. Manager Floyd states that there will be a number of -newnames added to the-hst and that the growth of the exchange hereis a strong indication of the progress of Paris 2tt-tfCTsar?0Mot, tactsAbout Fuel!If you 'have been a housekeeper any Jengthof time you have probably tried different kindsof COAL.. And after 'all kinds of experiences and complaints you 'know there is justone kind of FUEL that gives absolute satisfaction always, that is" Fox RidgeCoal. Remember you cannot Jorder tooearly to avoid" the high priees, " ' lDodson & DentonThe Home of Good CoalYards, South Main St.G9Q33BBoth Phones 140gftNEW TELEPHONE DIRECTORY.often happens, more than made goodwith one harvest the depreciation ofanother.What we have lost in corn we haverelatively speaking, gained in wheat.Canada raised this year nearly fourhundred thousand bushels of oats,exceeding her great oats harvest ofour own production of- oats. As wasour own production of oast. As wasthe case with the Canadian wheatharvest, so also the Canadian harvestof oats showed rapid and steadygrowth and contains hints of thetime when Canada may be harvestingoats In as. large an amount as theUnited States. These wonderful bar-vests, although garnered bv the nen-T1r r 4-ts A 7PAM AJ. .! "i'" "- vu uin.t:it:uL nations, are neverthless the bounteous contribution ofthe soil of the North American continent and together wijl increase thewealth of these two nations 'by hundreds of millions of dollars.CHRONIC DYSPEPSIAThe following unsolicited testimonial should certainly be sufficient togive hope and courage to persons afflicted with chronic dyspepsia: "Ihave been a chronicm dyspeptic foryears, and of all the medicine I havetaken, Chamberlain's Tablets havedone me more good than anythingelse," says W. G. Mattison, No. 7Sherman street, Hornellsville, N. Y.For sale by all dealers. (adv)(Oct.)SalesIPhone 258523-sept-tfupon wheat for their principal grainfood would be compelled to turn tosomething else. Our pre-eminenfceas a nation which grows wheat invast amounts is maintained by therecords of this year, and yet the figures which tell of the Canadian production of wheat contain no hints ofgreater productiveness in a futurenot distant than our own may be.Twenty years ago it was statedhv John W 'RnnlrwalfoT txrYtn of'time was Democratic candidate forGovernor of Ohio, that the gradualbut sure cultivation of all of theavailable wheat lands of the UnitedStates would not secure a harvestsufficient for the needs of theAmerican people within a generation's time. He predicted that thecenter of economic gravity would bechanged by that fact and assertedthat the farmers of the United Stateswould insist upon a highly protectivetariff for wheat.Intensive farming, the partial mastery of the best methods of cultivating wheat and the wonderful industry and energy of the American farmers have produced this year sevenhundred and ,fif ty-three ' million bustiels. Great as these .figures are neverthless, relatively speaking, not soimportant as are statistical figureswhich tell of what Canadian farmersdid this year. For ever since railroad transportation was so perfectedas to make available millions of acresof good wheat land in the West, theUnited States has been producingmore wheat than her people neededand has been doing this for a generation's time. These statistics do notpoint to any'scarcity of food.But in Canada the production ofwheat upon a great scale has beencompratively recent. It is in the,memory of every one who is still inearly b"usiness life that mucli of theland, where it is made into shuttlefor the cotton mills.i Vogue 1! Clothes IFORYoung GentlemenA Special Feature with us.Suits andOvercoatsf $18.00to$20.00King Quality ShoesMen and BoysCumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompany .Incorporated.,Ladies, Take a LookATTwin Bros. Department Store,New Arrival ofLadies' Stylish Fall Suits, Coats, Skirts,Waists, Millinery, Shoes, Etc.tHandsome Drygoods and Fall Drygoodsand Silks.Call InTwiBiosDepanmeni SioreCorner Seventh and Main Sts.I Hefal 5Ute , Victoria Shing IippriifShr OrivrtjiSVogi 1ForHips8FlannapDoyle BuildingtThe four designs of Cortright Metal Shingles as shown above aremade in any of the following ways :1 . ptamped from Tin-plate and painted Red.2. Stamped from Tin-plate and painted Green.3 Stamped from Tin-plate and Galvanized by a hand-dipping process.4. Stamped from special tight-coated Galvanized Sheets.Each and every genuine Cortright Metal Shingle is embossed with thisTrade-mark, " Cortright Reg. U. S. Pat. Off." 6For Sale, byBest & Hawkins, Millersbur Ky.M41.fhiM111i ftjOct 3 tfS$-Aif -.fev,r ,?$ Tf Vf J$-.-si..3p6aL 'jf'5 - Jbj::sw.4' fT-- Ti. 3 r?tIy.0r"!;V"'it.1?A .'-3326259v 138-C 38JL&- "81 "" J"avper FAIL01!cent. $i,oo to $100,000. W. KING & SON,-125 Ctieapslde. Lexington, Ky:CANCER CUREDI guarantee every case I undertake; 20 years practice; reference, any citizen of Pari6.OR. WM. R. SMITH,Paris, Ky.sTO f DLL PQBIf you are looking for a goodSuit or Overcoatat reasonable prices for Fall and Winter, hers is the placeto get one.We made a lucky purchase of Men's Suits and Over-,coats that would retail, at $15, $18 and $20, but we are;offering them as a special inducement form12We also have a full linei-i-tailored Suits for $45 tond $5, also Stetson and Hawes Voji Gal Hats.Other lines of merchandise can befhad at a price thatwill please your pocket-book.-m , w ,, - -..-.--r-i !TWIN BROS., CLOTiIIM3.DEPT.wt if .L. WoIIStem,Parts OdorhssLet us Make that Last Winter's Suit or OvercoatLook Like New.You will l5e surprised when we send your clothes home,and will wonder why you haveAH Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.Men's and Ladies' Panama and Straw Hats Cleaned andReblockedjto your satisfaction.We CaK For7andj" Deliver Work.Call up E. T. Phone 40Paris Odorless Cleaning Co., Sam Levy,Proprietor.White Kid GlovesJCleaned, short, 10c; long 25cL. 6cEFFECTIVETrainsFROMGa., Daily'iHr Atlanta,- 'J.O' ijexiugtuu, -tvj. -Lciiij' . .j...... u.xo dmV 29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunda.y.... r ,7:35am7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:38 am' - 10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7:45 am. 40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . to 7:42 am."37 Cincinnati, O., Daily .' 9:38am,.;3 Slaysrille, Ky., Daily Except Sunday :.; 10:20am. "' 1$ Lexington, Ky., Daily '. 10:15 am! t .i T.r.r TVr.:irCincinnati, O., Daily : 10:24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday -. 12 : 00 mCvnthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. . .v. V. 3:10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .' 3:15 pmLexington, Ky., Daily , 3-33 pmKnoxville Tenn., Daily 3:30 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily . . -5:35 pmCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday m 5: 50 pmLexington, Ky., Daily .". . '. 6:18 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily31 Cincinnati, O., DailyTrains De-partTOCincinnati, O., Daily ." 5:28 am:o.344 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5 : 35 am7 Lexington, Ky., Daily, Except Sunday . . . , 7:47 am41) Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 7:50 am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 7 : 50 ani29 Lexington, Ky., Daily ,...r 9:43am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily '. .., 9:45 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily .'.,. . . J. . 10:29 amLexington, Ky., Daily : 10:2 amMaysville, Ky., Daily x. . . . 12:05 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ....:... 12 : 04 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .,... . 3 : 33 pmCincinnati, O., Daily Z. "x . 3:40 pmRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '. 5:56 pmLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . .5:58 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 6:28pmMaysviller Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:25 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6:40 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 10: 55 pmAtlanta, Ga., Daily 10:57 pm30Trains Arrive- KROMFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 7:40 amFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , . ." 5 : 50 pm!No.. 24' 'Trains De;parthpjq. , To -l j? TanKKLuri.f. ., Ji ci. ounaay, 3 Eraakf ort, , Ky., Daily ,Except-Sunday . . . ".,:IHLvSpecial Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther NoticeWe payl21-2c for'green'beefhides. Call "us"upor bring it to our place.MAX MUNICH,8th Street,Call East Term.PARI8,SRPhone 374of Schloss Bros.guaranteed.$25. Emerson Shoes, at $4r 1Proprietor. .Cleaning Co.not tried us before.BHBSEB8!98"M"""""""""gs j and the injured 49,i20, while the cas-N"V mir -( v- W v ! ualties of employes not on duty ag1 lllL- I ABL Rlgregated 315 killed and 9,596 injured.fc Ma A, A MmtW Mm m IPflRSPnwrs tn rh number nf 1 3Q wovpOCT. 19r 1913 jA.rri-v5:21 am. ' - r.-ov.6:23 pm. 10: 50 pm8:30 am6:25pm"& 'S -f : tv'BOORBQNINEWS, gARIS, KENTUCKY; OCTOBERNEAR TRAGEDY AVERTEDWhen Hero Swims to" the Rescue ofWhirlpool Thriller.' Caught in the puter swirl of tlewhirlpool, clinging to his overturnedmqtorboat, Peter W.. Langaard, aDane, 28 years old, of Detroit, whowent into the rapids to furnish athriller for the "movies," came out a.much chastened man after he hadfurnished cosiderably more of athriller than he had bargained for.Langaard's home is in Copenhagen,but he had had Detroit temuorarilywished on him. He requested permission from the American authoritiesto do his stunt, but he was refusedany assistance. Then he went overto Canada where lie was received withopen arms, and he put his boat intothe water below the falls at the headof the Rapids.t The boat is 15 feet long and isequipped with a 14 horse-power engine. It was staunchly built andwould have negotiated the tripthrough the rapids with ease had notthe propeller become jammed with apiece of driftwood. Helpless Lang-1 aard drifted in the edge of the whirljpool, where the little craft wascaught in the swirl and overturned.' Langaard clung to the keel as theboat dizzily whirled around andJ around, fortunately keeping clear ofthe vortex. Word was sent to Niagara Falls, Ontario, and the FireDepartment responded. For twohours extension ladders were pushedout over the whirlpool in the attemptto reach the almost exhausted Langaard. Finally the ladders intercepted the speeding boat, but so precariously that Langaard did not daremove else it might be dislodged.Fred Preston, of Niagara Falls,Ontario, finally volunteered to swimout with a life line attached to hiswaist. Langaard was by this timeexhausted and lay still on the bottomof the boat, which bobbed around theedge of the whirlpool like a cork.The crowd, then numbering nearlyj 1,000, cheered when pVeston struckj out for the rescue. Halfway out his1 life line became entangled in driftwood and he was compelled to returnto the shore. On the second attempthe reached the side of the boat. Hewas afraid to climb into the craft,which then was half filled with wat-er- Clinging to the side of the boathe called out to the rescuers on theshore to pull.The swinging of the boat around1 the whirlpool made the task of putting pressure on the line at the rightj moment most difficult. A pull at thej wrong time would have torn Prestoni awav or' have overturned the boat.The length of the water-soaked line- vtlS!aby Preston the boat was finally ma-neuver out out of the danger zone andwas slowly 'draw ashore. Prestonwas given a great ovation oy tne oigjcrowd.RAILROADS'TOLL OF LIFEDURING PAST YEAR.During the year ended June 30,1912, on the steam 'roads of theUnited States 10,585 persons werekilled and 169,638 were injured anincrease over the previous year, anda number somewhat in excess of theaverage. That even a slight increasecomes with improvement in conditionof equipment and operation is indeeddiscouraging, yet not all' casualtiesby any weans were connected withthe ordinary conduct of transportation, and the year showed a decreaseof thirty-eight from .1911 in the number of passengers killed.Of the total casualties 400 railwayemployes were killed, and 92,363 wereinjured in so-called ""industrial accidents,"wliich include all not connected with the movement ot locomotivesor cars on rails, such in fact as1 wouldbe common to any industry. The employes killed on duty numbered 2,920,killed in train accidents, and 9.391were likewise injured, while othercauses were responsible for 170 killedand 6,995 injured. Tresspa'ssers tothe number of 5,434 were killed, 91 ofthem ,in train accidents, and 5,687were injured, 151 of these sufferingin train accidents. Persons, otherthan passengers and employes aggregated 1,198 killed ad 5,023 injured, ofwhom 13 of those 'killed and 277 ofthe injured suffered in train accidents. Fqrebodes Trouble.When a woman, rattles the dishesmore than usual Avhile preparing supper it's a sure sign that her husbandwill hear something drop when hecomes home. Atlanta Journal.FA!-"Hog cholera in a very malignantform rages through Letcher oounty,and the mountains" generally, andhundreds ot hogs are dying. Farmersare very much discouraged as a resultof the ravages of the disease, juiiichusually follows a good mast season.This year's mast was the best in aquarter of a centjiry.A complete extermination of swine stock is greatlyfeared. Many farmers have lostevery hog they had.One of the best land deals in thiscounty in several niontlis was consummated Tuesday when M. R. Jacoby, ot Hutchison, sold his farm of 136acres on the Greenwich pike, to J. B.Martin, a prominent busines man OfWinchester. The soil is highly productive and the farm is well improved, Mr. Martin, who, it is said, willlocate in Bourbon as soon as he canget possession, paid 130- an amre.Gov. McCreary has appointed asUCHL. XV111C1 IV-UH. jU1I11HI&S1UU OH V l-nance, Production and Distribution,Harry Weissiger, of Louisville, H. M.Froman, of Frankfort, and J. N. Camden, of Woodford county. This commission is studying farm credit systems, and will recommend legislationIon the subject to Congre'ss.-, -STOCKNMNOTESLUKE McLUKE SAYSCCicinnati Enquirer)- We .hare a hard time getting .alongourselves, but we can all see whereour neighbors are making mistakes.rWhten a man feels good he has anirresistable craving to go out and"make a darn fool out of himself.The summer styles should cut thenumber of divorceB in half. It usedto be that a fool man courted a girlwith the torso of Juno and the balance Diana, and when he was hookedhe discovered that he had drawn aflock of excelsior and symmetricals.Nowadays a gink can take his time,study the dope, and land a corn-fedspecimen. He knows he isn't beingstung, because he can believe his owneyes.About all the polish some men acquire is the dime's worth they obtainfrom a Greek at a shoe-shining hole-in-the-wall.'No wander they had to shut downone half of the burlesque houses.Why should a man pay four bits to iwatch a chorus draped in tights whenhe can stand in the shade on a sunnycorner and see the real thing?An old maid always imagins thereis a man in the house. A marriedwoman knows better.When a boy grows big enough andhas money enough to eat 'all the piehe wants at one meal he discoversthat he has dyspepsia and doesn'tcare for pie.When beauty 'is skin deep it fades.When it is powder deep it rubs off.A man isn't scared of germs whenthey are on a dollar bill or a girl'slips.'When a shapely girl is wearing ahobble so tight that she has to hoistit above her knees to get on a streetcar, a dog gone wagon always drives-between you and her just as she getsready to hoist.Society is an awful bluff. Youused to make mud pies with thedaughter of the man who used to siftthe ashes for your folks. But theman who used to sift the ashes stumbled into a fortune, and" you are stillworking for a living. Therefore thedaughter of the man who used to siftthe ashes for your folks realizes thatshe cannot invite you to any of theSocial Functions at her home becausetyou are not in her Set and a SocialGulf separates you.Lots of riien who get muskraf -salarieshave wives who have sealskinideas.Keeping Tab on the Hen.In the elfort to secure an accuraterecord of the hen's egg achievements,an aluminum crayon-holder has beeninvented by which the chicken makesher mark as she leaves the nest. Thecrayon is mounted on the foot and thecolor of the crayon indicates the particular bird.He Got His. ,"Sirrah!" thundered her father,"were you kissing my daughter whenI came in just now?" "You bet!"chirped up the unabashed suitor, "andit's up to you to apologize for buttingin!"Their Handicap in Life.Have you ever noticed that somefollow the rules of, prejudice so closethat it looks as if they were undercontract with progress not to competewith it?FOREST EXAMINER MATTOONSTUDIES SOUTHERN CYPRESSW. R. Mattoon, Forest Examiner,has just lett Washington to study cypress in the South. ,Cypress grows along the AtlanticCoast and the Gulf of Mexico fromMaryland to Texas, and in the Mississippi Valley it extends as far northas Cairo, Illinois, at the junction" ofthe Mississippi and Ohio rivers. It isdistinctly a tree of the swamps, andmore than 90 per cent, of, it is foundat an elevation of less than 100 feetabove the sea level. Extensive cypress forests occur in the delta of theMississippi, covering several thousand square miles, and also in someof the large swamps of Georgia andFlorida, such as the Okeionokee andthe great cypress swamps fringingthe Everglades. In some places it occurs where the soil is covered withwater for weeks or months at a time,and in a few places the base of thetrunk is submerged throughout theentire year! Usually the lower partof the trunk 4s buttressed heavily,and numerous projections, or "knees"are sent up from the roots, probablyas an aid in securing air.Cypress wood has great durability,which adapts it to many purposes forwhich some other species are unsuited. Census statistics show thatin 1911 over 981,000,000 feet 'of cypress were used for lumber, lath, andshingles, and that in point ofiannualconsumption it stands seventh in thelist of the various softwoods or coniferous trees. It is one of the fewconifers which shed their leaves eachwinter. It is used for a great varietyof purposes, such as tanks, cisterns,columns, exterior and inaerior finish,railroad ties, .poles and wharf piling.It is especially' valuable for greenhouse construction.While cypress wood has so manygood qualities, the tree itself presentsmany problems to the forester. Itsrate of growth, they say, is extremely slow, so that the cost of producinglarge-sized timber is great as compared with that of producing woodfrom other more rapid growing trees.Furthermore, it does not readily reproduce itself, and there is somedoubt as to whether mature standswill replace themselves after beingcut. It is an open question, according to the authorities, whether it willpay to "maintain the -species in localitieswhere i now occurs. Much of Cheland upon which it grows is capableot high agricultural developmentwhen drained. Even where it -mightbe reproduced, it it not known howthis reproduction may be broughtabout. It is with a view of throwingight on these important problemsthat Mr. Mattoon is undertaking thepresent studyr "31, 1913No SubstitutesRETURN to the grocer all substitutes sent you for Royal Baku ing Powder. There is no substitute for ROYAL. Royal is a pure,cream of tartar baking powder, andhealthful. Powders offered as substitutes are made from alum.SUNKEN TREASURESought for Two Years By an Eng-lish Company.For two years ttie salvage vesselLyons, chartered by an English company, has been trying to recover theLremaining treasure in the hull of theold British frigate, Lutine, which wassunk off the Dutch coast in 1799. Lastyear the operations were hamperedby bad weather, and effective Workwas possible only for 278 hours. Butin July last one of the divers discovered in the lower part of the hull ahole, through which he was able toput his arm and touch the 'bars ofgold, which he estimated to be eighteen centimeters long by six centimeters wide and six centimeters high.Unfortunately 'a few days later thewreck slid into a hollow formed bvthe pumps that were removing thesand, and the opening became inaccessible. To prevent the accumulation of xsand continually brought bythe current, in spite of the efforts ofthe powerful pumps employed, a deepchannel nearly 1,850 meters long, hasbeen formed past the wreck, the ideabeing that the current, which sometimes attains a speed of seven knots,will rush into it and carry off the sandtoward the open sea. The chief difficult that has now to be overcometake the shape of an enormous massof bullets and ballast conglomeratedby rust, in the midst of which thebullion is enclosed. It must be remembered that when the bars of goldand silver were put on board theLutine 133 years ago they were placed in storerooms under the magazine.It is honed that definite results mnvbe obtained before the end of thisyear. The Lyons carries a powerfulmagnet, able to life three tons, andthe masses of metal will be broken bysmall charges of explosives intopieces of such size that they can behandled by the magnet.iGiving Them Warning.At the annual picnic of a Manchester firm one of the packers was called ,upon after dinner to propose the toastto the firm. He was rather nervous,and began thus: "Mr. Chairman andgentlemen, I have very great pleasurein rising to propose the health of thefirm, which will be very brief." Manchester Guardian.YOU'RE BILIOUS ANDCOSTIVE CASCARETS!Sick Headache or SourMeans Sluggish LiverBowtls.StomachandGet. a ten-cent box now..Furred tongue, bad taste, indigestion, sallow skin and miserableheadaches come from a torpid liverand clogged bowels, which cause yourstomach to become filled with undigested food, which sours and fermentslike garbage in a swill barrel. That's.the first step to untold misery indigestion, foul gases, bad breath, yellowskin, mental fears, everything that ishorrible and nauseating. A Cascarettonight will give your constipatedbowels a thorough cleansing and willstraighten ydu out by morning. Theywork while you sleep a ten-cent box ifrom your druggist will keep youfeeling good for months. Millions of 'men md women take a Cascaret now jand tlien to keep their stomach, liverfand bowels regulated, and never knowa miserable moment. Don' t forgetthe children their little insides needa good gentle cleansing, too.' (adv)Special Rates fc Excursions-iRound trip Winter Tourists to allprincipal winter resorts in Alabama, jFlorida, Georgia, Louisiana, Missis-,sippi, South Carolina and Havana,Cuba, on sale daily Oct. 1, 1913, until IApril 30, 1914,' with final limit May 31,1914; also to principal winter resortsin Texas and New Mexico, on saledaily Nov. 1, 1913, to April 30, 1914rwith final limit May 31, 1914. Liberalstopovers allowed on ah winter tour-ist tickets. Also low round tripHomeseekers' tickets to "points in Arizona, Arkansas, Louisiana, Missouri,N'ew Mexico, Oklahoma, Texas Alabama, Florida, Mississippi,-Colorado,Kansas, Montana, Nevada North Dakota, South Dalcota and Clifornia onsale first and third Tuesdays of eachmonth, final limit 25 days from dateof sale, stopovers allowed in Homeseekers' territory. For further infornation; jcall no or address, . .V)f H. HARRIS, Agent. ." .- X- 'T K. SMITH, T. A.II . ' IV'MMBMBBBMaBMM"M""MMWHMgBaaifiI YOUNG MEN VICTIMS OF'"BURIED TREASURE" SWINDLETen young men, from as manvstates, who have vainly waited sinceOctober 1 for "Captain Clift Sands"to keep tryst with them 'at a seludedspot on Catalina Island, off the coastof California, disclosed to the policeauthorities of Los Angeles what isbelieved to be a "buried treasure"swindle. According to the victims'story, each subscribed 35 to a proposed treasure hunting expedition in.the South Seas which "Captain CliffSands," an adventurer and mariner,promised to conduct. Magazine advertisements of "Sands," they said,evoked visions of fabulous fortunes.The treasure hunters said they senttheir money to "Sands" at Ssattle,and were instructed to meet himat Los Angeles.Six of the young men gave theirnames and addresses as follows:Walter Blosey, Milwaukee; Ben Dishing, Ohio; J. E. Robbins, Dayton, O.;N. B. Barnum, Boston; J. A. Alsdorf,St. Paul, and O. W "ivenport, Portland. The others declined to disclose their identity.A dispatch from Seattle said:"Clifford W. Sands, a student in theUniversity of Washington, left Seattle, a few days ago, telling, hisfriends he Aj;as going to San Franciscoto take command of a party of fiftymen who woijld seek a buried treasure off the coast of Peru."Sands ran away from home a fewyears ago and made his way to Nicaragua, where he took part in a revolution and gained the rank of general." When you feetzZltvous, tired, worried or despondent it is asure sign vou need MOTT'S NERVERINEPILLS. They renew the normal vigor andmake life worth living. Be sure and ask forMott's Nerverkie Pills gSSSW1LUAMS MFG. CO., Preps., Cleveland. OKaL. Oberdorfer, Druggist, Paris, Ky..vi Per Cent InterestPaid On TimeDeposits.Youi; Deposits Arc GuaranteedYOU TiKEjO RISKS'If You Are InterestedWrite UsUNION STATE BANKMuskogee, Oklahoma,.Capital $100,000Fully PaidWewBarberShopWindsor Hotel.-Modern Equipment,Polite Service.rEverything Sanitary.Chilcteen's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDCurtis&OverbyBusiness -Men's Barber Shop,.; (Next to Bonrbon Bank)3 - CHAIRS 3Expert BarbersPolite Attentionnot and (ofd Kathc a Ah" i"aHoursr "No Long Waits.A 'Share of the PubkV Patronage Sopited. ,. jpar-"rft,'..V? jtJ-iX-'ftrrpTTpnrMnwMMMaagawttjwNr .-'-- -CTHE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, ;JKY., OCTOBEIU1 ,1913,K.&t -i -5tr if if-S1 Itrft'W3rITPi?'-,-"if ..LSilverwareAsicfe from its intrinsic value to-day ourSilverware has the distinction of representing the perfection of the Silversmith's Art at this period ofAmerican history. 'For this reason it will be appreciated byfuture generations even more so than are theheirlooms of the past valued to-day. -rThe practical use of Silver and its permanence makes it an appropriate and lasfinggift forever appreciated.Our Silverware display is one of the specialfeatures of this store and one of special interest to 'those who seek exclusive patterns at moderate prices.i:mmmmI, "The H6me, of Quality"i For Jewelry"Shire &5 -V PARIS, KENTUCKY; , - 5I X s!iy It , 2t - r -v - Sagl t i" -WE W,LL WELCOMEii- gftefesouwouRBANK -' ' - I" n"!" v V-"i- VWhenever you are thinking: money or bank,i;hmk OUR-BANK- Our business is MONEY; YOUR MONEY isBUSINESS. We welcome anyone in our bank and alwayshave time to listen and advise. If you need a bank consultus. What would you do without a progressive bank in yourcommunity? Your first duty to yourself is to have JMONEYIN THE BANK. It is a faithful 'friend.: Make OUR bank YOUR bankWe pay 3 per cent, interest on Savings.DEPOSIT BANK OF PARISCapital, Si00,000.00.J. M. HALL. PresidentiStrayed,Strayedrto my place on Houston &JLatioch. pike, a sow. Owner can have'wfte by proving property and payingdkargee.JULIAN FRANK.k At a-called meeting ofthe Parbokens Club Tuesday -evening, Mr. ReubenPair of "bras aadirons, 'colonial NHutchcraft was elected to member,yi. Both pkons S4. T sh?P nd initiated.- --'" if" " x ,-Ti -::m:Fithian.Surplus, $40,000.00.tC. K. THOMAS. CashierExtreme of Industrlousncst.I-oafin' said Uncle Eben.fla' to.be discouraged. But wnut is. va x At- . j n.. ' Lrr i'.'yu. 5 uiaier ao'wit ae man aaciaK industribua dat he'd rather be Introuble dan doin' nuffin'?"PARBOKEN CLUB TAKESIN A'NEW MEMBERMWHLX.GIFFORD-CROWDERAt the horned of Mrs. Lanes, onLHleston avenue, Wednesday afternoon, Miss Rosa Gifford and Mr.Frank Crowder were united in marriage, Rev. "W. E. Ellis officiating.WHIT AKER-B ALL iMr. Joseph Ball and Miss SallieE. Whifaker were united in marriageat the home of the bride, on VineTf.(fstreet, iriphis city, Wednesday afternoon. Rev. Wt E. EUis, was the officiating minister.shehaIn. ,The body of Mr. James LawrenceShehan, who diedTuesday in FortPearce, Fla., arrived in this city lastnight. He was a son of Mr. and MVs.T. W. Shehan, of Newtown, Scottcounty, and the body will be takento that place today for burial.LITSEY-COOPER.The following invitations havebeen received by friends in this city:Mr. and Mrs. Jesse Bird Litsyinvite you to be presentat the marriageof their 'daughterJessica Mayto . ,Mr. William Cooper "on Tuesday evening the eleventh ofNovember 'nineteen hundred and thirteen 'at eight o'clockFirst Baptist Church- .Harrodsburg, Kentucky.MANSFIELD-BARNETT.The marriage of Miss Qay Mansfield, formerly of this city, to Mr.Frank Barnett, of Richmond, was,quietly celebrated Tuesday afternoonat the home of the bride in the lattercity.The bride is the pretty and attractive daughter of ' Mrs. Hallie Mansfield, formerly of this city, but whofor the past seven years has been residing -in Richmond. She is a nieceof Mrs. T. T. Templin, of this .city.She was quite a favorite among allwho knev her here in this city. Mr.j Barnett is a prosperous young business man or Kicnmond.The young couple passed, thronghthis city Wednesday morning enroute for Cincinnati and other pointson a short bridal tour.A marriage license was issuedyesterday to Mr. Elihue Butler andMiss Bessie Smart.LAST DAY TO PAY CITY TAXES.PENALTY GOES ON TO-MORROW.NATURAL GAS WILL BE TURNEDON ALL OVER CITY TODAY.The Paris, Gas & Electric Company, 1wnicn win aistrioute natural gas inthis city, has had a large forte of menworking continuously since Mondayin getting matters in shape beforeturning: on the natural sras in all narfcsof the city. Much time is requiredw sec cveijr miug lu a. ponit 01. perfection before the gas is turned "intothe various mains throughout ' 'thecity.Tuesday morning the gas wasturned into the mains from Fifteenthstreet to 'Pleasant and Eighth streetsfrom which point it was distributedto p'arts of the city east an dwest,anjl residents in these sections arehighly pleased with the results.'T.his morning the gas will be turnedinto the business section or the cityand by 'nine o'clock consumer.sh inevery part,of the city will be served.ASK FOR THE WILSON.It is not necessary to go to othertowns to buy Vilson heaters. We areagents for the, Wilson line and weguarantee prices as cheap as anyone.(24-4t) X.OWRY & TALBOTT.ATTRACTIVE LITHOGRAPHSFOR THE MUSIC FESTIVAL.Attractive lithographs of Mr. MyronW. Whitney, the great basso, whowill be the soloist of the festivalNovember. 25,, ae being displayed inthe store wrndows.L. & N. TO INSTALL NEWBLOCK SIGNAL SYSTEMA new electric block signal systemdesigned to improve the safet ofrailroad travel will be installed 'by theLouisville & Nashville rairoad company, according to Information givenout in this city.Early in the new year work willbecommenced on equipping a majorportion of the Kentucky divisionwith the electric blocks. It will require from six to twelve months tocomplete the work, which will costthe company nearly half a -milliondollars. Eventually the entire L. &N. system, including 4,919 miles ofrailroad, extending into thirteenStates, will be equipped with electricblock sighals.This safety appliance is an automatic electric device, composed offlexible signals located on verticalposts about two miles apart. Thesesignals are operated by' electric current through the rails, which areconnected with a wire tie at eachjoint. The electricity is generatedbymeans of storage batteries locatedat each signair'Tlie'se-,'D"atterles" areplaced in a concrete bottle, a'nd willbe in Constant charge of competent'l3,8um-,L.yjtB' ;T, V1" aKe i,requenti "i&pwiiuu 01. cue Daitenes. Jiiacn attendantvill have fifteen miles of thesystem to. keep up and will makefrequent trips over their territory,by means of a railroad velocipede.The mileage in Kentucky to beequipped by the L. & N. with signalsconsists of the ninety-three miles ofdouble-track road between Covingtonand Winchester, fifty-nye mile ofsingle-track from Winchester toSinks, and 'thirty-flve miles of doubletrack road from Sinjfs to Corbin, atotaldistance of 183 - miles " to beequipped as soon as possible. Xaterthe entire holdings in Kentucky willbe equipped, with theN block system.DEATHS"TiTJPPINGTON"- Word was received in Paris thatMr. Herbert J3. -TJppington, aged 26,died after a short illness in the hospital in Shelbyville, Tuesday morning.Mr. TJppington was employed 'bythe Smith & McKinney Drug Co., ofShelbyville, and is survived by .hiswife, formerly Miss Florence Tillettjof Lexington, his father, Mr. HerbertBell TJppington, of Paris, and hisbrother, Mr. Theo. E. TJppington, ofLexington.The hody was interred in Lexington, his former home, Wednesdaymorning.HUFFMAN.Mrs. Amanda Huffman aged 86years, widow of L. H Huffman, .diedat h6r, home near Centerville, thiscounty, Tuesday afternoon. She hadbeen ill for some time and death wasdue tc; the infirmities of old age.She is survived by four sons, JamesH., Dr. L. H. Huffman, Norman W.and Willard Huffman, and one daughter, Mrs. Mary Renaker. One sister, 1Mrs. Louise J. Combs, of Lexington,also survives.The funeral services took place yesterday morning .at 11 o'clock, at ""theOld" Union church, conducted by Rev.J. T. Sharrard, of this city. The interment took place in the cemetery atthe church.SEASON FOR SLAUGHTERINGTURKEYS SOON TO OPEN'.Preparations for the slaughter ofturkeys for 'the Thanksgiving marketwhich will begin simultaneously inI Paris, Millersburg and Carlisle, onNovember 5, at the pens of, Chas. S.Brent & Bro., of Paris. Thes slaughterhouses at the three places are eingput in readiness for the arrival of theturkeys.At Millersburg the pens will be incharge of Mr. fT. P. Wadell, who hasmanaged the affairs of the firm inthat city very successfully for thepas several years, while at CarlisleMr. J. H. Stewart, of Millersburg, willhave charge.Reports received from local dealersarid others throughout this section areteethe effect that the turkey cropof -Bourbon and adjoining counties isextrememly large, as compared withthose of the past several years,which indicate a "splendid supply, forthe markets of the East, where practically" all the turkeys from, this section are shipped in cold storage.Local dealers have made no contractsfor the delivery of turkeys, but buyers will be put in the field early inthe week. -N " ,'The slaughtering , season, whichwill continue until about a week before Thanksgiving will be an ex-1tremely busy one tor the local dealers at their three plants.MONUMENT PLANNEDFOR NOTED KENTUCKIAN.Mrs. Champ Clark, -wife of theSjreak'er of the House of Representatives, "has issued a call for the descendants of Jane McAfee to contribute toward a monument Co be erected in Harrodsburg, Ky., tp the" mem-' ory of this heroic revolutionary wef-man. Mrs. (jiarR is Honorary cnairman of the Committee of the. JaneMcAfe Chapter, Daughters of theAmerican Revolution, of Harrodsburg.In addition tp erecting a memorial tothe woman after whom the chapteris named, it is, desired. by the committe to restore an, ancient buryingground in the Kentucky town.LAST DAY TO PAY CITY TAXES.PENALTY GOESON TO-MORROW.-V---Born, to the wife of Joseph Connell, of Paris, a daughter Marion.LParis 'Grand., Although a bad night Middendorf'sPopular Players drew a fair crowd!out for their' first performance, here of"The Tenderfoot." The company isevenly balanced and each handledtheir jart satisfactorily. Paris hasbeen included in the circuit ot theaters arranged by them, and it is theirintention to present a new play eachweek. Next Monday the comedydrama, "An American Girl," has beenselected, and with the popular pricesof lo, 25 and 35c, they will likelydraw out' a much larger crowd fortheir return. Seats can be reservedin advance at the same prices.(adv)i "The Columbia TheaterAt the Columbia Theater to-morrow,special feature in two parts,'"The Green Shadow," also- "OneRound O'Brien's Flirtation," comedyreel. Mr. Jleed will sing "The Kingof the Vikings am I."T,he Alamo.Friday, Oct. 31 "The Lonely. Princfess'; a Vitagraph Dram'a -featuringMaurice Costello .and Qlara "KimbalLYoujig. - - - ''"A Thief in the Night," a KalemDrama,, with Alice Joyce, .StephenPurdee and Tom jtfoore."The Widow's Kids" and "Cupidand the Crook," two Biograph farcecomedies. s.Miss Anna Bell Ward is pinging.Saturday, Nov. 1-? Jack's Chrysanthemum,"A Vitagraph Japanese Ro-Imancej-of the Orient featuring Mau;rice josteuo ana uiara KimballYoung.'A 'Modest Hero," A BiographDrama, with the cast including falter Miller, Chas. H West and tillianGish. y- ' ' v"The Tables Turned,!' a Vitagraphcomedy, featuring Kate'-PriceMiss Ward is singing;birth::;THFATfiICA(adv. JilLlleSFormerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, Ky. ,iAn AutumnOpportunity' .VJWomen's and Misses'Fancy TailoredSuits 'And Some Plainer Effects .. - ,- From ' "ctofrer 17 to October 31, InclusiveAt "r&"$25.00i-;VfSiStA.4T srlr.&.t. l ' r- - - - m'' woif, waE & eo.Lexington, Ky.9STOCK AND FARM NOTES!- - .iHazel Dawn, owned by ,Matlack& Shropshire, of Winchester, won the 'saddle class for any age at St. Louis JTuesday night. Maurine Fisher wassecond and Princess Eugenia third.Th,e Carlisle Real Estate Company sold the past week toM. S.Taylor, o Bourbon county, the BOac?e' farm, -belonging to F. -H. Trigg,on the Barterville pike. Price private. A dispatch- from Cynthiana As tothe' effect that speculators are busyamong the farmers in that countybuying .up tobacco to sell over theloose leaf markets, which will openNovember 24. Several offers of15 to30 cents have been refused, the farmers preferring the market.Mr. Henry S. Caywood, of NorthMiddletown, bought Friday from Mr.Samuel Mackey, of Paris, the latter'sfarm, located on the North, Middletown pike, Uhree miles from Paris,at $150 per acre. The place containsabout 170 acres of land, and is in ahigh state -of cultivation. Mr. Caywood bought the farm as ant investment. Possession given March 1.Cynthiana Court At CynthianaMonday there was a good crowd, butlittle stock offered. Prices werevery high and the following will showthose paid: Yearling steers sold from$6M0 to $7:091-2: ten miich cowsfromo $50 to $90; a herd of sheep fromJ$4 to $5.40 a liead; plug horses from$40 to $100; twenty-five pairs of workmules from $250 to $350; about 250mule colts on the market at pricesfrom $40 to $100; ten sows and'pigs;trom $15 to $80 a head.EXCHANGEYour old stove in on Gas Range'andHeater.(26-tf) A. F. HEELER & CO.iThe new and handsome buildingof the4J "First Christian church, ofRichmond will be dedicated the thirdSunday in November:. Rev. F. M.Rains,' of Cincinnati, will "be inechargtof the services. The buildingcost ,$40,000, and is conceded' to vbeone ofthe most modern In Kentucky,DEMOCRATS LEAD INSPECIAL REGISTRATION.The three days' special registrationin this city resulted in a good lead forthe Democrats. The total the special registration, was as follows:Democrats. 130: Renublicans. 7-VTnrie-B MSpendent, 8. - v ,I;o.nr,-;Kt-"tWomen's and Misses'1 Silk Dresses.Woolen Dresses. :ChiffonParty DressesAt$15,00:miHi,F'ound!'On the corner of Duncan avenuelw'and Pleasant street, a bunch of keys "The owner can get them at this office -Lby proving property and paymg theTV;.'charges.Public SaleAOF-Milt Cows,IsDairy Outfit, Etc:V iWednesday, Nov. 5&? '1913, beginning at 10 a. mf,: -rAt my place in East Paris, I wilL'sell to the highest and best bidder - ,all of my dairy stock and outfit, con-"bisLiug 01 yie loiiowmg: jjv50 Jersey milch cows; sonfe fresHr20 heifers; ?W2 No.'l grade ersev bulls ; one pure?'t?bred; pedigree furnished on day ofM vsale.' . '.1 good work horse; ' 5,-1 frnfl iiror-lr ttiiiIq- -1 good brood mare, in foal to jackLif'x auutuiug mare muie; '1 good 6-yr old driving torse, safefor ladies; n 3i1 pair white 'ponies, about 14, hands!hign ;6 meat hogs; v TJer2 Duroc sows; 6 pigs' each; j2 good brood sows; -1 pair double harness ; l1 cut-under ihilk wagon; f "1 Tim-a-bout; -A'f. 1 Complete- dairy outfit; -""Farming implements of all'-kindswill be offered. ' - 41 good feed slide, good as new. VTERMS $25 and under, cash, ove"rw ,that amount negotiable note 4 months-"wit,h 6 per cent interest.WM. FARIS, ,Geo. D. Speakes, Auct. Pa'ris, Ky. "-Sleep. of'PIant. l-Stahl, a German botanist who gavhis attention to the attitude of thleavfe of plants during the day its. ,compared- "with their attitude in tke - -.night, noted that many- plants 'take,iuch a position ior the night thattheir leaves can transpire easilyalBRat thesame .time be theltered tromitfe ,in aew. ,, . " T:(,sir-v '.,-Pft-'JF ".$gfr.vf-st-:2 i' ,h.iY&!&jtif tilk-VA jlHi -v - 'vV-V'-X"V.'i '-wJ ' V1 t-T VjM ',-." VN- r ""pjafrSOCIHL MBTHEBQJJRBON MS, PARjSYQCTOBEIt '31, 1913;" .V v.-f -.-HAS THE BESTOF ALL LINES MADETAX NOTICE.A ten per -tent, penalty will be added toail city taxes not paidon or before October31 . The tax accountsare now ready.C. K. THOMAS,PERSONL(td)City Collector,HAMILTON GUARDS TO HOLDMEETING THIS AFTERNOON.The -Hamilton Guards will meet thisiiternoon at their rooms in thecourt house. All members are requested to be present. Business ofimportance.SOLE AGENTS.We are sole agents for the celebrated Wilson natural gas heaters.Nothing better and our prices are allright. Come in and see them.(24-4t) LOWRY & TALBOTT.MOTORCYCLIST TO RETURNFROM TRIP- TO CANADAMr. Clyde Calvert, who residesneir Paris, will return this weeki m a three weeks' motorcycle tript OhioIndiana, Illinois, Pennsylva-a, New York and Canada. Mr. El-ood Aker, of Lexington, who ac-jmpanied Mr. Calvert, returned lasteek.COMPARE OUR PRICES.You do not have to go to Lexingtonfor Wilson natural -gas heaters andClark Jewel Gas Ranges. We haveboth. Compare our prices.(24-4t) LOWRY & TALBOTT." Mrs. John Clay, of .Paris, is visiting Mrs. Hume Clay, in Winchester.Miss Hazel Joseph, of Cincinnati,; is the guest, of Miss Goldie Saloshin.Mrs. J. W. Calvert is visiting herparents, Mr. and Mr. J. S. war,t,near Bwing.Mr. Keller Caywood) of Montana,has arrived to spend the winter withrelatives in Bourbon.Mrs. Sidney G. Clay and Mrs.John I. Bronson have returned fromCincinnati, where they spent severaldays.Mr. and Mrs. Jas. Breckinridge,of Missouri, are here for a visit to"Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Ardery, on ''Seventh street.Mrs. Demillion Robbins, of nearJ Little Rock, has gone to Winches! ter to visit the family of her son, Mr.C. C. Robbins.Mr. Lunceford Talbott, of NorthMiddletown, is at Columbia, S. C,where he will acj as judge of horsesat the South Carolina State Fair. "Miss Elizabeth, Spears, of Columbia, Mo., who" has been the guestof Mrs. J. T. Sharrard, in this city,is visiting. Mrs. W. H. Clay, in Lexington. 5Mrs. M. B. Jameson artd MissCatherine Jameson, who have beenthe guests of Mr. and Mrs. A. L.Slicer, have returned to their home in.Greenfield, O.Messrs. J. W. Dejarnett,'Al SlicerJeff Current and J. W- Myall, the latter of Nepton, have returned from anextended fishing trip at Middlefork,Jackson county.Mrs. R. D. Weaver and. Mrs.Chas. Meng, of North Middletown,have gone to Parsons, Kans., to visitMrs. Strother Mitchell, a daughterof Mrs. Meng. Rabbits at $10 each are pretty dea'r,Mr. B. F. Remington is quite ill Jut this is what they cost Henryt hi lmniP on RnnRtnn nvonnp Tr Dodge, colored, who was arrestedcompanied hrtp this "city, and alsogave 'a short talk. Miss 'Wither hasmanv frionrlc on1 odmirnrc!. horn ondis ahvavs j wplnn-mft u-ieitn'r VMrs. John Davis will entertainat cards at her home this afternoon.Misses Sallie and Nellie Whaleywere guests last week of Mr. ,andX Curtis Lary, in Winchester.Miss Hilda Threlkeld, of Maysville, .was the "guest last week of Mrs.Edward Pritchard, in this city.Mr. Norman Liver arrived yesterday from Washington, C. H,., Ohio,for a visit to Bourbon relatives.Mrs. P. H. Lane has returnedtoher home in Philadelphia, ofter a Visit to Mrs. Swift Champ, in this city.Mr. James Stuart, of Wheeling,W. Va., is here for a two-weeks' visitwith friends'.' Mrs. E. M. Dickson is visitingher sister, Mrs. Joe. Head, in Ashland.Mr. Dickson, who accompanied, her,returned home Tuesday night.The Lexington Leader yesterdaycontained the following: "Dr. ArthurKeller, of Paris, is here to attend.theConvention of the Order of tjie Eastern Star. Dr. Keller is very prominent in Masonic circles. He is a firstcousin of Helen Keller, who has madeso much of her life although afflictedwith blindness."Miss Eleanor Clay, "a student atHamilton (Sollege, Lexington, .willhave, as her guests at her home onthe Georgetown pike for the week endMisses Lucille Witherspoon, Lawrenceb'urg1; Viola Ray, Nicholasville;Catherine Lillard, Versailles; Lucille Morthew, Arkansas; HelenWoodfill, Indiana, and Miss McKee,of West Virginia.LAST DAY TO PAY CITYTAXES.PENALTY GOES ON TO-MORROW.RABBITS COST VIOLATOROF LAW $10 EACH.DCVCMIIC fi55IRWMPMTR PnR 1NOVEMBER ARE ANNOUNCED.rReminzton is in hisCollector Ben Marshall has givenout the following revenue assignmentslor Bourbon county for November:Julius Kessler & Co., Paris: W. W.Cherry, day and bottling; W. G.Cook, additional; M. T. Crosthwait,his relatives areas to his condition.is 84th "year,, ' and Tuesday by Game Warden Geo. . M.very apprehensive Hil1- Jt !s alleSed tnat Dodge killeduvu rauuits wicii a siioigun, out 01season, and after being arrested wastried in Squire Fretwell's court a fineMrs. Robert C. Talbstt, regentof- the Jemima Johnson Chapter, D. A. i '6f $20 being assessedR.,-has gone to Paducah to attend theannual State convention now in session in that city.Miss Mary Mitchell Clay will-en-WATCH 'EM.gauger. -" - tertain with a Hallowe en party Fri-G. G. White Co., Paris: J. M. -Rus- day night at her home on Duncansell, day; C. L. Hough, bottling; W. avenue. The guests will be .maskedT. jCrosthwait, gauger. as ghosts and witches, andva merrytime is anticipated.LAST DAY TO PAY CITY TAXESPENALTY GOES ON TO-MORROW, k renes MJr. and Mrs. l. Straus,i j in Cincinnati. Upon her return. Mr.MONSON CAN SUPPLY and Mrs. Saloshin will-go to house-,YOUR NEEDS, i keeping in the cottage rfn Pleasantv i street vacated by Mrs. George Edgar.4 Jhe window tells you $30 KitchenCabinet now $13 $28 Cabinet $11$L00 off price every day. See window. . ' .J. T.HINTON.Mrs. Harry Saloshin is. visiting j CATHOLIC LADIES TO GVEHALLOWE'EN ENTERTAINMENTCYNTHIANA DEFEATSf.HIGH SCHOOL. ELEVEN.The Cynthiana High School teamdefeated the Paris High School foot'ball team yesterday by a score qf 41to 0.LAST DAY TO PAY CITY TAXES.PENALTY GOES ON TO-MORROW.BEST ON THE MARKET. -Natural gas is here. We haveHheWilson Heater and Favorite Ranges.They are the best on the market. Letus show them to you. '- (24-4t) LOWRY & TALBOTT.IGAS RANGES, Just received, a carload ofNew Process Gas Rangesa,t A. F. Wheeler FurnitureCompany, opposite Courthouse. tPFor Salle or Rent.Cottage of seven rooms, bath, twoporches, stable and other out-buildings,large lot, on Cypress street, thebest location in the city. House ismodern in every particular. Applyto(lt( , J. S. SHANNON.''Market-House,The Catholic Women's League willgive a Hallowe'en entertainment Friday evening in the clib rooms in theMisses Dorothy Talbott and Eth- i of c,hAurcl The hours willUB llKJiLl I LU J.U, iillU U.11 UUILUobUU UL10 cents willbody invited..becharged.Every-VA WONDERFUL REMEDY. j fjyc nave a. i tyncuj -tuai, is guuiau- i ipy-8th and Main Sts.No CreditNo DeliveryNo PhonesWe Cut the Cost of Eiving.We are very much crowdedon Saturday evenings. Whyjtoi-shop early this cool weather, as ou have more goods toselect from.Pig Roast from milk-few pigsfor Saturday, at onh' 20c lb." Country Butter 30c lbFresh Eggs . .30c, do.Sliced Breakfast Bacon. v2pc lbSpanish" Onions 5c eachWhy pay more than ISc lb,for Pure Hog Sausaija it is notworth any more.M:'J. Heller& Co.35" "I'I VfNew Fall Goodsi- Now, Ready F.6r IfourInspection .': . .. '.x Aiter a three-weeks' search oiLthe New York -andEastern markets, we -are in a- position to show you -thelargest and best selected stock ever shown by us.See the beautiful new ideas inSilks, Dress Goods, Challies,- Velvets, Corduroys, Dress Trimmings and Laces, x ,Neckwear and many novel accesssories to make your Fall JUU111L UIUJJICIC . 'Ask to see our non-shrinkable flannels-' for waists,shirts, &c..We are agents for the following good lines HendersonCorsets, DeBevoise Brassieres, Wayne Knit Hosiery andEskay Kid Gloves.I W. Ed Tucker1 1IC LdlCM OCHMUUlll,rTHE BABY DOLL SHOE, -inPatent, Colt, Cloth Tqp.Also the English Walking Shoe tn Tan.'. , 'and Gun Metal. 'Go to Charles Ionson for your win-ter wear ciuuiius. uy, " vay el Baldwin attended the entertaintlimg you need. Get his prices. ment given by Mr. and Mrs.. Paul)28--t) Shipp, at their home In Lexington,.r x.R L..IIH i o io " 'Tuesday, inhonor of Mr. and Mrs.VdLYuSSeO BY FALL.!JOh Ely' 0f MemflS' TeBn-j The Paris Literary Club 'metjur. winiam nuiaii, &r., is connneu i weuuebu diiBiuuuu. i. vvaitt: teed to restore hair to its natural" col-1 $to , his home on Broadway, suitering ' f ayne, secona vice-preiaenc, presiu- j or after a three-weeks' trial. If sat-!from severe Injuries sustained Sun-Jed in the absence of Miss Simms and r;sfn0Hnn ,-R notVivmi -vonr mnnev will Iday afternoon as the result of a fall ' Miss Annie May acted as secretary. iDe 'refunded. This remedy is of the!as he was entering his home after a vice Miss Griffith. The program ren-; pu"e food product and is absolutelybreaking a rib:and badly injuring his I Scandinavian Poets MissMay.hip. Mr. Hjikill, who is aged 84 Reading from Oehlenschalger Mrsyears, is in a very serious condition, , Edward Prichard.and owing to his advanced age, his i Scandinavian Contribution to Scifriends are verv annrehensive as to . ence Miss Laura Lilleston. AWe Have The Season's NewestJjGeo. Mc Williams,L Phones 301 The Shoe Man 1harmless- A trial will cdnvince you. j g(28-2t) MRS. M. A. PA9TON. i rt ENGINEER KILLED IN ,WRECK ON SOUTHERN.the outcome.JohnYOU WI.LL BE PLEASED.Get shoe satisfaction by trading attf) ' FELtTS.SEVEN MONTHS TERMOF RURAL SCHOOL ASSUREDSeven months school in the ruraldistricts this year is assured, in the cussed some of the latest works of- opinion of Superintendent of PublicInstruction Barksdale Hamlett, whosaid he has talked oer tfie situatioScandinavian Painters Mrs.Davis.The program presented at theregular meeting ofthe ProgressiveCulture Club Wednesday afternoouwas one of unusual cnterest.Westbound freight train No.- 101on the Southern Railway 'was wrecked near Milner station, five miles westof Versailles at 8 o'clock yesterdaymorning. A local car next to the engine became derailed and pulled theMrs. Robert Goggin, related one of engine off the track and down an em-'uie i,eamer stocKing laies in, a very i Dankmentinteresting manner. Mrs. GeorgeStuart's subject was "A RambleAmong New Books," and she dis-American writers. Miss Clara Bacontold of present day magazine writersand Mrs. . Custis Talbott describedWith state Treasurer Thomas Rhea ..some of the "Famous Monuments ofand can talk confidently. There was i Our Country."a surplus of $280,000 'to the credit of I Mrs. - Edward Pritchard enter-1 trafnc was delayed until ast night.me suuuui iuiiu tt iWUB. " ""V! tain ed-delightfully Tuesday eveninglast fiscal year. It will require about , . , .fl.fi -hnma n T7!aCt iio-ht. - x,.. j. i eJ .H,.!"- "A atuov-uit iiwv- wo. .w.w -..wv?5UU,UUU to pay me teacneia w mcadditional month, but tire money willbe forthcoming. vEngineer John Mauer, Jr.?. aboutthirty-flve years of age, of-'X.ouisville,was caught beneath the engine andkilled. Maurer leaves a wife and twochildren. " iFireman W. R. Richardson, of Lexington, and Brakeman Thomas Fowler were injured, but will recover.JThe track was badly torn up andHEINTZ'S' SAUER KRAUT.'street in compliment to her charmingguest, Miss Sommerville, of NewYork. " The rooms were adorned withQuantities of "Mrs. Ward" roses,which are lovely shaded yellow, -and. TT . , . . !the tallies for the games of auctionWe have iust received, a fresh bar-J , ., wf ,-, n uoiin-o'on TheNrel'of Heintz's Sauer Kraut. Phone were lnyiwd fQr 1:30 a'nd onIaVtaqAM miOfiERY arrival Avere SerXed it. tempting 1liiuuo., v,.. 'luncheon comprising cniCKen -cro-.UU-urArsa. nnottoc nea5 hnt mils, baked aDDles.asparagus on toast, salad, an ice, aud jcoffee. The 'prize for the highest jscorevas awarded to Miss ElizabethRmhrv. The arnests for the- party,$ - iv "" t ... whinh wn nne nf the lovliest Of tile !; ur. lun, uiewu.uu& 7 season, were: Misses Sommerville,cal prisoner, who has undergone five JJ , Elizabeth Steele.trjals r conspiracy against me Caroly RoseberrvFarm Wanted.Ad-(31-3t)South Main St.?trrMnil KORFAN PRISONERMUST SERVE PRISON TERMrioc in the fnr Rnst. which states thatvje--" " . .v. ,... j ... .,2Jiis appeal was not susuj.ineu "i LIlt5fJapanese Supreme Court. Dr. Yun isjtoe tatner ot little .weien xun, tneSKpreanchild who is a student at theMillersburg Female College.-rNOTICE,-John Davis, Amos Turney, Jx, William B. Ardery, Carlie Wilmoth aridVirgil Gaitskill.There was a large attendance atthe regular meeting of the"Woman'sSociety of the Christian church Tuesday -afternoon, with .the president,Mrs. Clifton Arnsparger, presiding.The most important business consid-I am prepared to serve on short ered was arranging for the annual alUnotice lunches for parties and iflan- j day sewing for the Orphans' -Home at"ces, and make a specialty of the lat-1 Louisville. The' date was set forr . Tuesday-, November 11.(31-3t) MRS. CARL CRAWFORD. Mrs. E. B. Hedges and her largerrnnn rf momhars will IiaVe Cnargem& N. SHIPS WATER TO WINCHESTER FOR ROAD'S USE.'2 A shortage of water in Winchesterjs making Jt necessary lor tne Louisville & Nashville to haul water from"this cinty to that point, to .supply , its'needs. Each day. a special train car-rymg tstij.ks is. Ihus dispatched, and-unless there is relief in thai cityoon the jiumbfer may have tO"be in-'creased.. The water is secureg irom'Houston and Stoker creeks, runningihrouxii this city. The supply of wat-KA mr viiioh a aharf tine sTzo was nearly- A-feonstAd- hmjs bftei Vreativ increaS-I nriiuoio1 oritfaori nf T.evinfi'tnn. a-"7. : ' . ,r - ' ' i -" -"-"-- "-vJLr- v:?x ' 'd by heavy rains.of the arrangements., Other commitI tees were appointed, and the day willf UA n 1 .!4-V. nAAndmr liinsthue a. ousy one, wiiu uuuiiuaj iuuv.u.A special feature of the meetingTuesday was a solo by Mr. A. L..Boatright, entitled "Keep the RoseBlooming at Your Door."Upon adjournment' of this meetingMfss "Lena Graf ton, from the -College.of Missions at Indianapolis, gave anearnest and delightful talk about thework of the young ladies' mission circles. Miss Grafton Is a young twomanof chann and culture nd her talkwas heartily enjqyed bv the -audienceI want to Tent a No. 1 favm.dressPOSTOFFICE BOX 248, Paris, Ky.(It)I Foi May isJ.T.H1IT0N$trYOUR healthYour Family's HealthDEMANDSThat You Use a Vacuum Cleaner s-Vf-1HubmPiesI Gountru Glut) Cakes,Chocolate,Maraschino, -VanillaCaramel..X.-V vt if && ?!"T.1 "i.NVv n . ,JBixxFVMmm Hull g3gtCMgMgSar.XSS; r,Don,t just stir up the DUST and GERMS. Remove them ,- ;froni the' home. Not only, do this, but cut your work inhalf. When you buy a cleaner buy a DUNTLEY. It- k' just as easy to buy the best. - - '.ipersonal frjend of 'Miss graftqh, ac-for Saturday.BaiawiRiIf you want anELECTRIC let usdemonstrate theDuplex!Ay 'aJ. T.HINTONSAVES' YiOJJ" MONEYWood, MantelsUnder feakihfAmi)Milyi..x-iiiJxtt--5ax7.r L';-rj-M3P'Tiriiviiif-prsK:B"fryyW.3S3UiJTHE BOURBON .NEWS, -PARIS, KENTUCKY OCTOBER 3"U 191 3.v??L-Trar.1rj .y 1 'iIJ3EKv.&2- St"S&"B-C '!-;L -'-.X,i -t-tvr -AIt-Upill"''Rheumatism, SprainsBackache, Neuralgia"Yes. daughter, that's crood stuff. The pam ini SkgWL"IbackSprained Ankle Relieved."I was ill for a lonr time with a severely sprained ankle. I cot a bottle of Sloan'sUnioSt "and I now I am able to be about and can walk a great deal. . I. write this be-SIUunkyondeservcalot of credit for putting such a Fine Liniment on themarket and I shall always take time to recommend Dr. Sloan's Liniment, -am,Chos. liouae, Baltimore, Md.SLOANSLINIMENTAt all Dealers 25c, 50c. and $1.00. Sloan's instructive took OB bones, cattle, boaana poujiryAddress Dr. Earl S. Sloan, Inc.Here Is the HogLexington, Ky.BOURBON REMEDY CO.,- - Enclosed find photo of hog that was' cured of cholera with your BourbonHog Cholera Remedy." This hog wasalmost dead before using the medicineand then was entirely cured, except' loss of ears, tail, etc. The hog is' owned by Mr. Skiles Ewing, of Bawling Green, Ky. He will be glad togive you a testimonial, and we can getEeveral more if you want them.., JENKINS-SUBLETT DRUG CO.,Bowling Green, Ky.a Ask Your Druggist for It.FOR SALE BY W. T. BROOKS.Exports from South African producefrom all ports of Cape Province during 1912 were valued at $257,243,555, and ' from Cape Town alone at$245,919,764.THEY MAKE YOU FEEL GOOD2 fes25sssThe pleasant purgative effect produced by Chamberlain's Tablets and""-the healthy condition of body and" mind which they create make one feeljoyful. For sale by all dealers,(adv) . ' '(Oct)v A Tell a girl that she is vivacious" and she imagines she has to spends her whole time giggling.TheAmericanAddingMachineThe Latest AdderCosts But $35See our exhibit ask -for10 days' trialHere is a new price on a competent Adder. On a machine thatis rapid, full size and infallibleThe very latest machine, builtby men tfIio know how, in oneof the largest metal-working-shopsIt Is an individual Adder, to beplaced on one's desk, close to one's-T;oks and papers. To take theplace of the central machine, requiring skilled operators.The price is due to utter siin-,p'fcity, 4and to our enormous output. Seven keys do all the work.Bach copied number isshown up for checking before the addition is made.The machine will add, subtract and multiply. With vryslight practice anyone cancompute a 'hundred figures aaiaute. And the machineaTer makes mistakes.Countless offices, large andsamll, ar getting from thesejnokine the highest class ofseWice. , 't $ v Manufactured audmGuarantced byMERICAIV CAN COMPANY, CHICAGOr JUfrJ,by Jtjik CandfoU Ct.t LexiattaKy.my back j,s all gone I never saw anything.workas quickly as Sloan's Liniment Thousands ofgrateful people voice the same opinion. Here'sthe proof.Kcheved fain in cacx.-was troubled with a Tery bad "pain in myfor some time. I ent to a doctor but hedid not do me any gooa, so ipurcliased a bottle of Sloaa'sLiniment, and now I am a wellwoman. I always keep a bottle of Sloan's Liniment in tbeboose" Afo Matdda. Cotton,36 MyrOo Ave,, BrtwWyn, N. Y.Sciatic RkeamatuBs."We kaxe eed Sloan's Liniment for over six years andfound it tke best we ever used.When my wife had sciaticrheumatism the only thing thatoidheraoy good "was Sloan'sliniment. We can not praise ithighly enough." r. Pengo,Des Moines, Ioua.scat u,Boston, Mas.BUCK FREEMANFirst- Class Barber Shop.Three Expert Artists; NoWaits.Hot and ColdBaths.Main ?t. - Opp. 6ourt HouseTry Buck's Coal Oil Shampoo.Professional todsDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office PhonesHome 136.Residence jE. T..334.Home 334.fR.A. H KELLER,JLf Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms4 and 5, .Elk's Bid eParis- KentuckyJ J. WIIiXilAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LA.W.Room 1 Elks Building..Byron's Freak Manner of Living.While Byron pas in Ravenna, Italy,he adODted strange habits. It was hiscustom to rise at two in the afternoon,breakfast and ride, and dine at six.Then he would sit and talk until fiveor six in the morning. Or, if no. company were there, he would write abit of "Don Juan." But his life waslike that of Aubrey Beardsley upside down the day was the night.Nov we make thisoffer so thatoffices everywhere may lear whatthis machine means to them.1 0 Days' Test.We will gladly place in anyoffice one American Adder for aThere will be no obligation,ten-days' test.and enlarges will be prepaid.Combpare it with any non-lister-eventhe costliest. Jjet anyone use it. See if any machinecan serve better than this.Just send us this coupon andwe'll send the machine. 't k" Zjy 'Please send us an American Adding Machine for ten days' frjee trial.Name '. ."1 Street Addresscity .; '....'. ;. --State , ir: :MANY USES RECORDED. V"'Girch Tree Has 3een Utilized for Several 'Purposes in the Past 1tt ikFrom furnishing material ibr. acanoe in which to 'hunt whales somehundred odd years ago to supplyingNew England factories x)f today with11,000 cords of ' wood annually forshoe pegs and shanks, is accordingto the Department of Agriculture, onlypart of the services the birch treehas rendered and is rendering thepeople of America. xSir Alexander McKenzie, the .department tells us in a bulletin justissued on the uses of birch, huntedwhales in a brich bark canoe. Theanimals iwere found at the mouth ofthe Mckenzie River. He failed toj strike the game, and concluded thatit was proDauiy ior tne Dest. wnnethe canoes-" are frail, it is pointed outthat the Dark of which theyvare maderesists decay longer than any otherpart of the tree. , .It would be difficult the department goes on to say, to estimate thevalue of the service of the birch barkcanoe in the discovery, exploration,development and settlement of thenorthern part of the continent. Fromthe Arctic Circle to the Great Lakes,and southward, for a century and ahalf, that light but exceedingly serviceable vessel threaded the lakesand rivers, bearing trade and carry- Jing civilzation wher no other boatcould go. The 'French explorers andmissionaries made journeys of hun-1dreds of miles in these canoes, often 'carrying cargo which would seem beyond the capacity of such frail vessels. Ther ange of use 'to which thebirch is put is surprisingly large. According to the department, the articles into which it goes range fromchurch, pews to kitchen tables andfrom organ pipes to newal posts. Wemay have our first sleep in a .birchcrib and our last in a birch coffin.The spools on which we get our cotton and silk thread are birch spools,and the lasts on which our shoes aremade are likely to be bircli lasts. Thelargest of the spools hold 12,000 yardsaijd the smallest twenty yards. Thewood's beauty, strength and 'rigiditymake it prominent as a material formusical instruments, and the samequalities bring it into expensive usefor flooring.Many people .have an idea that shoeI pegs have .nearly passed out of use,but the amount of birch previouslymention as made into pegs andj shanks yearly in New England seemto disprove this notion. Birch, theJ department says, is often put on tliemarket in imitation of other j woods,land we may open many a door, siton many a chair and write on manya desk which we imagine to be mahogany, but -which is really birclistained to resemble the genuine article. ,Nine species of birch grow in theUnited States, but sweet, yellow,paper and river birch are those mostuseH. About 45,000,000 board feet ofthe wood finds its way to the marketyearly. Pajier birch is one of the:fev American species with a hold onthe forests stronger than when Ameri-ca was covered with this brich werethere was, little a century ago. Itcomes in" after fire, and some tractsit has taken possession of cover hun-dreds of square miles. -I Practical Joke Caused Death.I A wealthy residerit "of Newburgh, N.j-Y., died as the result of a pleasantryj perpetrated by a frolicsome friend.j This friend, holding a lighted 'cigar'near the vict'im's face, suddenlyyaskedhim to turn around, and as this wasdone the cigar lightly touched the victim's cheek. Both gentlemen enjoyed.hugely the merry jest. In a fewmonths, however, a cancerous growthappeared on the spot where the fleshhad been burned and, growing rapidly,.caused the man's death."Extreme of Adoration.The admiration entertained by aTrenton boyfor his uncle includes allthe latter's attributes and even possessions which the uncle himself isnot wont to deem desirable. "Uncle,"said the lad one day after he had beenstudying his , uncle in laughing conversation with his father, "I don'tcare much for plain teeth like mine.I wish I had some copper-toed oneslike yours."Pretty Good Motto."I knew a man," said av live-wirejroung minister, "who attributed muchof his worldly success to a rule he'dmake for himself. He saw how muchtime and how many opportunities wentwrong, and how much money waswasted by indecisionists, as he calledthem. So he adopted for one of hismottoes:it"'Guess quick and stick tof;fne Lamp Oil thatSAVt.Mk fcktfYnl'.Jn,,;, . i .. , ...f-luus'tf nan i-l' i r. -tady light. Insuref nub hy $citiMr the toil that burnsf'lCir aij'l 'l.'.m without Minl-a,.J .down tn tV 1 i-t rtmp Pennsylvaniacrime ' i v!itifi to perfection."o'Xs no mn c than the InfenoiliiWrni ni-:ftves MONEY savesYour deui-r has SOLITE OIL In'liicia uireut irom our woncs.Chas. C, Stoll Oil Co. JI Lexington, Ky. JII Ilefincry at Warren, Pa. vWe sell the celebrated "2Co CarbMI " tuto Oil. Im x v toIf i HffscortSlare usually thin andeasily worried) sleep does notrefresh and the system gradually weakens from insufficientnourishmentScott's Emulsion correctsnervousness by its force of concentrated medical nourishmentit restores the healthy 'actionof body cells, enriches theblood, sharpens the appetite,and feeds the nerve centresby distributing energy andpower all over the body.Don't resort to alcoholicmixtures or drug concoctionsthat stimulate and stupefy.Get a bottle of Scott-chmulsion tor yournerves nothingequals or compareswith it, hut insiston Scott's.EVERY DRUG1ST HAS IT13-78em.SEE USFORNATIONAL5c and 10cStoreOct 3 tfGhosts as Dreams. jThe probability that we get isnatches of sleep at odd moments Jwhen we suppose ourselves to haveremained continuously awake is supported by the phenomena of dreams.Mark Twain accounted for his own"disappearing visitor" by the beliefthat he had unconsciously had a. very'gt nap;and many have explainedvisions of ghosts as due to dreamsduring such short naps.Skin on Boiled Milk. ,What causes the formation of the jskin on the surface of boiled milk and Iof hot cocoa that is made with boiled jmilk? Doctor "Porcher of 'Lyons, IFrance, says that it is the result of, the disintegrating of the, lime and the Icasein, and the lime combines' withj carbonic acid from the air to forma thin film of carbonate of lime. Thisfilm supports the undissolved casein jin the milk, as well as some coagu- jlated albumen and fat. Technical iWorld. jServant Girl Educator.The truth is, we never think of education in connection with babyhood,the term being in our minds inextricably confused with schoolhousesind b'ooks. When we do honestly ad-!mit theplain fact that a child is be-, ing educated m-everj- waging nour Dythe con.dilion in which he is placedand the persons who are with him,we shall be readjer to see the need ofEt higher class of educators than servint girls. Concerning Children.Fever Statistics.People are most liable to fever be-1tween the ages of fifteen and twenty;209 out of every 1,000 cases occur atjthat age. There are only 10 per 1,000 1under live and 2 per 1,000 over fifty-1five.THE FAMILY COUGH MEDICINE.HalloweenNnvetifiRmI A LL fi,InVer7 llnie,the sho.uld be ai BEWARE OF OINTMENTS FOR CAbottle Of Dr. King's New Discovery,- TarRH THAT CONTAIN MERready for immediate use when any ' curyI member of the family contracts ak fcold ,or a cough. Prompt use willstop the spread of sickness. S. A. As mercury will surely destroy theStid, of Mason, Mich., writes: "My sense of smell and completely dewhole family depends upon Dr. King's range the whole system when. enterNew Discovery as the best coueh and 1 ins: it through the mucous surfaces.cold medicine in the world. Two50c. bottles cured me of pneumonia."Thousands Qf other families havebeen equally benefited and dependentirely upon Dr. King's Discovery tocure -their colds, coughs, throat andlung troubles. EVery dose helps.i Price 50j. and ?1.00l AIL druggists.H. E. .Bucklen ferCo., Philadelphia: orSt. Louis. f , - -r(adv)XQct);;. r, : ' ;,, .f wmirTzrmk in a ?.i . mYou, can have a warm dining room certainly you can.Your fire never goes' out in ; :jy" bBMSMPblE. M. WHEELER FURNITURE CO.Robncel Building, Cor. Main and 8th.See the name "Cole's' on the feed doorofeach stove. None genuine without itfiWNo other corset has done somuch to give slender lines toStout andMedium FiguresNo other corset has successfullydevoted itself exclusively to thereducing of excess flesh. Noother corset has thefundamentalRengo Beltidea of tailoring ourown originalinventionwhich hasthe leadingReducingcorset of theworld. Noother corsethas ever, ina period of afew seasons,fraction ofachieved athe RengoBelt country-widewonderful success.andToday this corset stands asthe first and only garmentmade exclusively for stoutand medium women, thathas great strength, unequalled reducing capacity,and will give an erect,graceful carriage with perfect comfort to the wearer.Prices. $2, $3 and $5Model Illustrated $2.For Sale by FRANK & CO.Such articles should never be used ex-j cept on prescriptions from reputablephysicians, as the damage they willdo is .tenfold to the good you can pos-I sibly derive from them- Hall's- Ca-tarrh Cure,-manufactured by F. J.Cheney & Co., Toleao, O., contains nomercury and is taken internally act-ino- rlironflv imnn th hlnnd find mii-.tcous. R"-tapof the system. Jn buy-lingHall's Catarrh Cure be-suro youWhy let chilleii fingers and1 ablue nose spoil the buckwheats aadLa cup of good coffee?Cole's OriginalHot Blast HeaterEven the cheapest grade of coal putin the night before will be a mass ofglowing coke in the morning, and.wilLheat your rooms perfectly for two or'three hours without a fresh supply.Burns anything soft coal hard coal.lignite or wood.It is guaranteed. "NCome in and See It.ammaammmamaamimmBKmsmmtmmmmmmMMammmmmmHmMmilifAtB C firTV ". MPJ v Vtunmmi1 aj itwv it i.rmM m Wa-H f IP ftMmV. kiAv TFT 7 ifflxjjy i jf .p.tNGOI 1 1 ' BELT.oP -f' 1'get the-genuine. It is taken internal- ,ly and made in Toledo, Ohio, by F. .F. J. Cheney & Co. Testimonials'free.Sold by druggists. Prici 75c. perbottle. , ? - -i Take Hall's Family Pills for constfirpation. (adv. lut-wI A new motorcycle rear lightt to be 'mounted on a handle bar, can be cov-..ered with a mirror m "the daytime,so a rider can watch the road behind-him,. " -:....TlllS WOllld be, 8. betttr WOrrHlf tt'cost ?50 t take out a license to hAitwouwe. - , .41.Hi-ft&11.1-J,-1'4?r?. '-i11'.V-1'"IKE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCTOBBER 31,U13L" ,V. ' . ' '-,". ,. t rm-m--1Mr?1"w -. wwwwwwww wwwwwwwwmwwWWW991 Special Sale!- x Having bought too heavy and not having"enough room, we are offering' to the public atspecial low prices the following items:Trunks of all Sizes and GradesSuit Cases of All GradesComforts, Blankets, Rugs andDruggetsAnd many other things too numerous to .. mention. . ' .J.; ELVOVEParis, Kentiiclcy ,Our Call Home Phone 360teac9a90cmmz-iJ.wMtoJ1HMttttmtmtMttHtttfMMHMCCS839CMMMMMMHHhCHBI-'' HBfl Mr wfl VBM fcilA DsJ;Lj ffi! Save the Difference!Why throw away your coal range when you caniave it exchanged for natural gas range. We dothis. 1F And we handle nothing but the best rangesand heaters Clark. Jewel and Wilson. They areguaranteed to consume less fuel than any stovesmade. The Clark Jewel has no competition as abaker and cooker. The Wilson heaters give moreheat than any stove ever sold.We carry the largest line of Gas Fixtures, Heaters, Ranges and Gas Grates of any firm in Lexington.We save you from 25 to 50 per cent, on anythingin the gas line. We own our own business house andhave no rent to pay, therefore can undersell the otherfellow and make as much profit as the man who is inthe high rent district. See us before you make anypurchases and you will realize why our' motto isSAVE THE DIE PERENCE.GEO. PAYNE,N. Broadway, Lexington, KyBetween Main and ShortTKrck; GLOSSY HAIRFREE VROM DANDRUFF.Girls!.. Beautify Your. Hain-' Make rtt Soft, Fluffy ancj Luxuriant!Try as you will, after an application of Danderine,, you cannot find asingle trace of dandruffs or fallinghair and- your scalp will not itch, hutwhat will please you most will heafter a few weeks' use when you seenew nair, nne ana aowny at nrstall over the scalp. .A little Danderine immediatelydoubles the beauty of your hair. Nodifference how dull, faded, brittleand scraggy, just moisten a clothwith Danderine and carefully draw itthrough your hair, taking- one smallstrand at a time! The effect is immediate and amazing your' hair will belight, fluffy and wavy, and have anappearance of abundance; an incomparable lustre, softness and luxuriance, the beauty and shimmer of truehair health.Get a 25-cent bottle of Knowlton'sDanderine from any drug store ortoilet counter, and prove that yourhair is as pretty and soft ,as anythat it has been neglected or injuredby careless' treatment that's all.(adv)vCENSORED.FILMSAre Only Ones That May Be Shown, After November 4.On and after November '4 all proprietors of moving picture shows thatexhibit films that have not been censored by the State Censor Board willbe subjected to prosecution and stifffines if convicted.o This was tha announcement madeTuesday by ttie- State Industrial Commission with relation to the new law.There is to be no suspension in itsapplication.The Board takes the position thatthe "movie" proprietors have newand ample notice, and will not- tolerate exhibitions of any picture that theBoard does not say are proper. Itwas said that the Board will havelooked over all the films now on handbefore Nov.l.Building in Constant Motion.There are many in New York whoregard the Flatiron building not onlyfrom the standpoint of a curiosity, but,from that of beauty, as the eighthwonder of the world. In the topstories of this building vthe pendulumof office clocks sways so far over thatit cannot come back of itself, onlywhen aided by the return movement ofthe great structure. Ink is spilledfrom the wells with this ceaselessmovement, for, like the prow of aship, the "Flatiron" sways and givesWith the elements.GAME CONSERVATION MEANSMUCH TO KENTUCKY.SB!VT'P:JF&11 OpeninOFGas -and Coal Stoves,rHeaters and Ranges. .In Our Showing of Gas Ranges aii$P iHeaters, We Lead Them AH.KLet Us Show You.A Bigger Stock, A' Better Stove.A Little Show Will Convince You that We Are "Right Get theSAP ETY b IGH TThe new process in the Visible Gas Rangewith Broiler Pan and Dirt Pan, White EnameledFinish. All Doors White Enamel.Let Us Show You One of Ourr ?'A6-Room Heaters1 JVand Can be Run Much Cheaper Than One Grateand is Guaranteed to Heat 6 Rooms.Can Save You Workand Money)'! ill 1 1 IMI I If I 111Main StreetIn, his first report to the GeneralAssembly since the Department wascreted, Executive Agent J. Q. Ward,of the Game and Fish Commission,is preparing some figures to showwhat the conservation of game andfish means to the people of thfe Statein food values, as well as in otherways. He collected information fr8,mevery available source, and has takenthe statements of fishermen whohave made a livelihood on the riversas to what their catches amounted toin a year. Their estimates of theyearly average yields of the kinds ofnets, which have been confiscated in.the streams of Kentucky, vary from500 to 1,000 pounds.Mr. Ward estimates approximatelya thousand nets were iii use. Thiswould yield an annual total of 500,000pounds from the stream, and 'at tencents the pound ttthat would mean A mild, gentle and effective laxa-I $50,000. ,At the price of other kinds i tive is what people demand when suf-of meats, the value of these 500,000pounds of fish to the four hundredthousand families of the State, showsan aggregate saving of considerablymore than the total price of the fishat ten cents the pound; as the $50,000worth of .fish would be "a. substitutefor an equal ration 6f some other kindof meat, costing, perhaps, five timesas much.The value of rabbits and otherkinds of game, estimating that thegame taken xin a year would amountto one meal for every family in theState, is also considered by Mr.Ward.All Ranges and HeatersAre Made and Constructed ofWellsville PolishedSteele.This Small Heater is Porcelain, Enamel and Nickel Trimmed.Let Us Show You. All Stoves Connected' up FREE? readyfor Use. "A. F. Wheeler Furniture CoChas. Green, IVIg'r.Opp. Court Housewww9999fwwmm9mm9mmiA GEN"'LE ANDEFFECTIVE LAXATIVE.More Valuable to Community."De man dat goes around wif a chipon his shoulder," said Uncle Eben,"don't git along near as well as de onedat's willin' to go alittle further an'tote a bundle of firewood."fering from constipation. Thousandsswear by Dr. King's New Life Pills.Hugh Tallman, of San Antonio, Tex.,writes: "They are beyond questionthe best pills my wife and I have evertaken." They never cause pain.Price 25c. at druggists or by mail.H. E. Bucjden & Co., Philadelphia orSt. Louis ' (adv)(Oct):It is expected that this year over1.400.000 immKrants will land in theUnited States."VI rtt$K6-Dawnof the Matriarchal System."Wanted Woman to take charge oflodging house; man and wife preferred." Thus vanishes the lastcrumb of mere man. New York Tribune.Brass Grates, $6.0pThe Kind that Sells Everywhere -From$8.00to$12.00-NOTICE Our representative will be in Paris Tuesdayand Friday of each week. Drop us, a card and he willcall upon you.FOREST NOTES.-IGEO. W. DAVISFUNEKAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EIBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAI! 137; NIGHT 299.Canada cuts about two millioncords of pulp wood annually, abouthalf of which is exported for manufacture in the United States.It is claimed that some of the eucalypts of Australia are taller thanthe California redwoods, hitherto considered the highest trees in theworld.There are fif ty-fve oaks in theUnited States, about evenly dividendbetween the east and west. Theeastern species and particularly thewhite oaks are the most valuable.The Bureau of Forestry of the Philippine Islands will send tropical timbers to the United States Forest Service so that their suitability for finefurniture veneers may De ascertained.Wood block paving, tried and discarded in many cities of the UnitedStates thirty years ago, is now coming back into favor, again, d,ue to theimproved methods of treating andhandling the blooks.German foresters are experimenting with Douglasfir from the UnitedStates, trying to find a variety -whichwill combine the! fast-growing qualityof the Pacific coast for,m and thehardiness of ,the Rocky Mountainform.ygij&5i AW tin -bidf feS55BHJ& I AMALGAMATED ARC -". . r-i- u -.5 T.W w fc- V---.J'i .thermometer. t, Jj ybclov zero,.'eSoj tec Soofing- "3 nictcr Cmi vr3 cv vallevs ofC r.-t vca r J :.o t'n to coverem) ljrjV'- .J A AT. J ROOFNG5 i, j 'lij. i: i t2i P "feet Roofing,; .-"jrco r ' ? : , r 1 1 her thanon r -' ''!'): 'irul tbo moneySold by Millersburg Coal andLumbre Co.,Millersburg; Ky.PILES! PILES! PILESIWILUAMS' INDIAN PILE OINTMETWill cure Blind, Bleedinpr and Iteming PftIt absorbs the tumors, allays itching at onacts as a poultice, gives irfetant relief. i,For sale by all druggists mail 50c and $1WILLIAMS MFG. CO., Props., Cleveland, (ML, Oberdorfr, DruggttS, Paris, KyrKindness, courtesy and punctuality,Endeavor we to give yon. - ., Less money, good quality;Long weight;' and any - -.Encouragement we appreciate.Ring 715 and 106 and we will -'Send your order and our thanks.Keller Grocery CompanySpot Cash for Cream tButter Fat for Week Ending November 2, 33cSell your cream to the Tri State Butter Co., Cincinnati, O., theCreamery that put poor old Elgin down and out, so far as prices is concerned. Our price week ending Oct. 19th being 32c. - ..The Tri Etate is not an experiment, but i a RESPONSIBLE "andSAFE and PERMANENT Creamery with 6,000 shippers in three 'statesand a capital stock of $75,000 paying Spot Cash for every shipment.The 'keynote of our business policy has been to establish & repntation of absolute responsibility and integrity in every transaction. Thewsecurity of our SAFE AND PERMANETN market gives the shipper afeeling of relief and satisfaction not only to-day, but EVERY TIME haships. The Tri State shipper is always sure of his money and surehfcrTri State check covers he real -value of his cream."It is easy to ship cream to -the Tri State, as w& use the sour cremsimply sending a can once or twice aweek, depending upon your facilitifor keeping it cool.Free cans for thirty days' atrial are sent prepaid upon request, orj, If.there is .any further information desired, write us at once.TheTii State Butter Co., Cincinnati, 6,Capital Stock $75,000.,?inIfti. .':y. wSvwtf .''irrr ,AprH.J&Ll.5-y,: .j,Ate''?'n-wife&?"4 "f?" y ffiTg,-' III , J.ftTHS OF MILLERSMr. aiid Mrs. T. T. Judy 4eftTuesday for Cincinnati, v on business.rasmWTBBBgBSim Mrs. B. C. Hawkins leaves todayjfir for a Visit t friends at Huntington,.W. Va. , feMiss Hazel Kerr, principal of the" , .lefierson school, 'will give a box sup- per this evening. ;.Mir. David Wells; of Mt. Olivet,va the guest of his brother, Mr. M.3?. Wells. Sunday.; 'liie ciniaren or me , gradedSchool will give a supper tonight atthe school uuuamg.jaiessrs. v. u. inciuxyre ana nert'U-- V'j"'JiIcClintock attended county court atAsFl&mlngsburg Monday: Miss L.elia Ward,' of Lexington,arrived Tuesday as, the 'guest of her.. cousin, -Mrs. Lee Insko., v 3Irs. J. M. Alverson, .ofX.awrence-.bjurg, arrived Saturday .as the. guestslof her father, Mr. J. G. Allen.fl Mr. E. S. Wadell has sold hisWv T pooKroom to Mr. Earl Barton, whof. "" , - jvsH take possession Nov. ?1.-C Jir. ana Mrs. w. t: eanaers eiuer-4 xataroea with -a card party wednes-' aay evening in nonor ot ivir. ,anu iivs.(iTJ. S.-G. Pepper.? 3Iesdames J. T. Parker andJoiitrVif qtt"Ttc Tomoc T?iliv of' Mflvs.SSSsSk ville, arrived Tuesday as the guests"" ' ' - 4 The officers of ,the Christian(. Jl -,1,-Tl, 1- n o...nnnn n-i-rmr. "li. Tt. TIT Iiuji uvu "Q-u a oupjci 5i.vcii uj j-i. vv. i- V. Huffman, Monday evening to Mr.G. Pepper, wTho was presented.jftykb. a handsome loving' cup.Mr. and Mrs. Henry Bowling, ofMillersburg, entertained a number of,vfriends and relatives Tuesday, in hon-Vr of their guesfe, Mrs. Jas. Kennedy,.' 5- of Cincinnati. Among those present.jft'ere Mrs: James Gilmore and daugh-T Sfer, pi Anderson, Indiana, Mr. William''fcjoty an'son, Mr. Edward Doty, Mr." 'and -Mrs. James McNamara anddaughter, Mr. and" Mrs. Henry Shoutsand sons, and Mrs. John Fightmaster,v,-fef Paris, and Mrs. Sarah Merimee andv .'daughter, Miss Katherme, of. Millers-llr. and Mrs. TJ. S. .G. PepperJ" -v x:j.i ji ai.: .,. !,,., -., leave ioua iui tiieii new uuiiie o.l4.". Himtinston. W. Va. Their daughters. Misses Jennie Maurie and Chris-S tine Pepper, will leave the early partIQI TiexL weet. iu Lu.iu.uy evci icn-.here with as many friends behindx wnn -sinM-pIv rpzr&t their, aenarture- . as do the people of Millersburg."" . Mr. Pepper and family moved to thisJa community some seven or eight yearsJigO 'tlUlll LUC 1-MvJlLU. 1I11UU1CI.UWA neighborhood, Blr. Pepper having pur- chased a farm of ' the late- John M.,v Jgedford. As soon as the family came rinto the community they identified' themselves at once with every inter-"est of Millersburg. After afew yearsV -Mr. Pepper sold his farm "to Mr.s-Flanders and with his family movedto town, 'Where they nave since resided He purchased a part of the4 farm of the late J. M. Vimont, operat,v ing it from his home town, and selling it later to Mr. Jas. Ralls, of" 4VSharpsburg.t,' For some time Mr. Pepper occupieda position as clerk in the Exchange"Bank. On the first of July, -19J1, heassumed the duties of Postmaster of"H .Millersburg, which position he heldT until Oct. 1, 1913. During the greater- -A-..- vf 4-1-. s ?-rf- .-?- ! r lino TrkrTi l'l.our community he has been an officerpill C ui LLitr 1.1111c nmbc uc uiw uovii j.agKKKKKKBtBUtBtStKBtBKKISBSB3tttK93COCtBDSBBKSIBUHKlmUKIIKUKKKKKttKtKtKtKKtHKtKKMtKtKKUIr a.Ummmk !Tne Best Made, stioes at Bargains Greater Than Ever.We cannot fully impress upon you the magnitude of the great valuest tswe are, offering for -' , ,SAT U RD AY AND NEXT WEEKShoes for men, women and children,- for all occasions, at prices thatagain prove we are greatest bargain house in the county. .Regular Ladies' $3.00 Cloth Top $2.49Regular Ladies' $3.00 Gun Metal.. $2.49. Regular Ladies' $3.50 Suede, English toe-... $2.49Regular Ladies' $4.00 Tan, English toe. L$3.49Regular Ladies' $3.50 Patent and Gun, button $2.99Regular Ladies' $2.50 Low Heel ... :$1.99Regular Ladies' $3.00 Baby Doll, Gun and Pat $1 .99Rubbers of All Kinds and Descriptions.Satisfaction Garanteed by the Old Reliable Hous.e, ' :id a:,v -v 2ff mJ-zss. srk.. &.rJi . k -.HX' u5jfer & :h Jj&r:r'''lyjr"!IT-. ... .. '"f ''HIW'I' 'II' I".' BHB--, ,-r- ,-oFke Ctepl&laa dairoli. while Mrs.iPBper wasip!smit hi the Uadies''AJd.SdaMgt the .church. Their idast laWwtferi-'Mtes Jeaie Maurie'Pep-perr graduate flromihe M . JF. C inthe clas 0(1.912, and fro,m the. Schus-ier scnoouor uramauc atx, .ana &x-pression at "Cincinnati,, in the class of.Nh-io du : . uL ; nl.KmnM 'j-Dxo. out; ia a. unaimuis, csmuauicyoung lady . fSince it has been generally -Known.that these good people were" to movefmmtrn rnmrniirntv n nnrnher of en-.tertamments andeceptions have beengiven in their honor, attesting mostthoroughly thehigh esteem m whichtheyrare held by all the good people0f Millersburg. Mr. Pepper is-to go to. u00 f n innc icf tnbao.o.o vare-, at Huntington.W. Va., whichwiir begin operation early in November.The home of JWr.' Staley Gault,in Judyville, a suburb,, was destroyedby Are yesterday morning 'about 2ofclock. The origin of the fire is unknown, as there was no yie in thehouse at the ;fcime the fire was discovered, Mr. "and Mrs. Gault beingin Cincinnati. When the, blaze wasdiscovered the entire building wasenvelODed in flames. All the household coids were destroyed. The loss!is about '$2,000, with $1,000 insurance.TO NATURAL GAS USERS.We are local agents for the Favoritenatura gas.rheaters and ranges. Theyare the best on the market, and theprices less than inferior goods.J?24-4t) LOWRY '& TALBOTT.OIL FOUND tfETAR MYERST STATION. IN NICHOLAS.The Carlisle Mercury says: "Anoil wejl without drilling has been discovered m this county. ThomasVaughn, who lives ori the Cassidayike, -about one-half mile from Myersstation, noticed oil in the wdter drawnfroma 9 foot well in his barn-yard'this week. Upon investigation, Mr.Vaughn found some three inches ofoil on the water. He brought a bottle of -the fluid, which has the appearance of being & good grade of crude04I, to Carlisle," Tuesday."The geological formation jn theneighborhood of Mr. Vaughn's placeis similar to that in the Ragland fieldsof Batlr county.. It is said an explosion was heard near the well thenight before the the oil v was discovered. An effort to drill a well will bepromoted."'.LAST DAY TO PAY CITY TAXES.PENALTYGOES ON TO-MORROW.DEMOCRATIC SPEAKING ATCENTERVILLE' SATURDAY NIGHTv N- .-There -will be. Democratic speakingheld at the school house in Centerville tomorrow night; at which Hon.J. Campbell Cantrill, of Scott county,Judge Denis Dundon and Mr. C. A.McMillan, of Paris, will address thevoters.A cordial invitation is extended toall to attend the meeting, which' givespromise of being a great gathering ofDemocrats to hear the cause of Dem-f ocracy expounded. Especially is thisinvitation extended to the lodies tobe present.The meeting will be called to or-der at 7 o'clock.GREATERTHAN E"ESOME OP THE VALUES.1ST GO'H.fiNJ . -SlJTSMSl-.Wtliypyr-jmmmtun ,-. r ..-,- .- .. . , .Hr , ' i'p I.UUU ,niti , ,, v-i 'i ill mi. i ;ni iii MMiMiitmimi iiiiniiiiim i I.rAllllliVUl L11C -JyJJlC CU4M- I! 1; .k ' -. x - , - -' r , - . ' , . ii-t;' r , . - i v . j al .. - - K -v i . - 'v- a - . -v 4 nh ;MnnP 'Sflifirtw jl.m r ' s m jt ' TT r" . "" 'Tw -r II -.- , ine.useqi v V'-il-I NATURAL jS ill1-v- GAS-";V fis - - . ' .. S XFor FuelIs Your Home Piped? iParis Gas &5 Incorporatedoee ittttMHtmitMtCHANGE OF DATE.The v date for the Wm. Faris publicsale has been changed from TuesdayNov. 4, to Wednesday, November 5.See advertisement in another column.Lots of useful things will be offeredfor sale. that are not mentioned inthe advertisement. Every one shouldattend. Don't forget the ilate, Wednesday, November 5, at 10 o'clock1.(31-2t) ,GHT OUR PRICES.Natural gas will soon be turned on.We have everything in heaters andranges.' Get our prices before you'buy. v(24-4t) LOWRY & TALBOTT.Way to Rest.Lying flat on the floor Is a goodway to r"est and relax, but a much better way is to lie flat on the4 floor withlegs up to the knees resting on achair. This changes the entire circulation and is the very quickest wayto rest. To rest the eyes and makethem bright, while lying down havethem bandaged with a soft black silkhandkerchief.BEFORE jMen's English Toe in W.-OJ......... :. $4.00Men's Tan Shoes, Button and Lace in W.-O... . 4.00Regular 3.50 Men's Tan Shoes .r...rv.:. $2.99Regular $4.50 Men's TarfShoes,viscal sole $3.50Regular $3.50 Mens Box Calh 1 $2.99Regular $2.5t Men' Gun Metal, button $1.90, Regular,$3:00.Men's Patent, button and lace... $2.49"MMHHHand Heat.Electric Co.THEY SAVE FUEL.Your coal "goes a long way whenburned in Cole's Hot Blast Heaters.They are fuel savers. -E. M. WHEEliER.Profitable Cherry Orchards.Two cherry orchards in New SouthWales, Australia, yielded $10000worth of cherries this season.Notice of Application ForPardon.Notice is hereby given that application will be made to the State Pardoning Board dt its regular meetingon Tuesday, Nov. 4, for a pardon forChas. Kelly, convicted in the Bourbon AJI Circuit Court, for murderand sentenced to -a term in the StateReformatory. Any Objections tcgranting the pardon must be ' filed.with the State Pardoning Board inwriting pr in person on or before thatdate? xJ. Q. WARD.(24-3t)V-St!A--,t'1ftS - mrn-' MH ak 2w(fiifcl?T'OperaI IViondayrle Popular PlayersPresentiaksriciaGirl"PLEASING 1 Cn 0Tn QCnPRICES XxJS) 4Us) UUyQ ' "Going to Jerusalem" with , . Jthe aid ot tne Victor-Victrola (rVi)1 JmfM$kl Mlkyf? r58Piuf"Going to Jerusalem" withthe aid ot tne Victor-VictrolaWT n Aflu' time with a Victor-Victrola.. The special children's records will delight them, andwhen they want music for some of their games .theVictoT-Victrola obliges them. rAnd in the evenings after thejittle ones aYe tuckedz in bed, their parents can have a'pleasant time listening-,to the Victor-jVictrola. .Come in and we'll gladly demonstrate the Victor- Victrola for you. S15 to S200. Easy terms, if desired.'7 rti,K .?&-' WW rDougherty Bros"WOMEN'S SOCIETY TO$ HAVE ALL-DAY- SEWING.The .Womens' Society of the Christian Cnurch -vyHI have an all-day sewing in 'the parlors of the church onTuesday, Nov. 11, to make garmentsfor the children of the,, Orphans'Home in Louisville.Main Thing.Ted'Cheer up, old man! Absence,you know, makes the heart growfonder." Ned "What's worrying meis that Tni not just sure that it's having the same effect on the girl."'Judge.Forty Years a Public Charge.Forty years in the workhouse is therecord of a man living at New Ross,County Wexford,-Ireland. -The inmateIs seventy years old.Lead fn Flax Production.Russia leads the world in the production of flax fiber and Argentina in.the production of seed.SEE USFORIPaiiaween nS SQveiiiesNATIONALSc and 10cStore .O'iV Oc! 3 tfsv. "V vi.aeiuw-'- i? -jfmtNov., 3 !:-:Let the cMclrenenjoy themselvesThey can have many a "good' .He Listened to AM.Fontenelle listened to everythingand he offended no one by disputinganything. At the close of his life hewas asked the secret of his success,and he replied that it was by observing two maxims. "Everybody may be1 right" and "Everything may be so."Greater Conqueror.Though a man conquer a thousandthousand men in battle, a greaterconqueror still is he who conquershimself. Buddha.-9MMeM4I VogueiFOR. Yonflg GentlemenA,Spccial feature with us.4Suits' andOvercoats$16. 00 to $20 00;King Quaijty ShoesMen and BoysForMouseClothes!! Hiqqins Floofiopl:S DoyJe Buiidine2Oct 3 tf'tfifafOMfumgnnmOne application SOOthes anri hMt n rniiirhpimplyslaaAnd.whenreDeated.nmckleflrt..cure, .eczema. .CrVSlDeias. letter. Illrrr;anHI skin diseases ield to its curative properties.ovc a aox. jt am urumstSend for free.SAHipla and hook, 'lleahh and Baautj-.'WWiTWI, HOLLO WAT A C.,1739 Sprtpc 6wriM St.,wUff'. ..v-t,-, w-3 V. i-,vlJ H1r?Zsl5lv(iV.. v: . .. ?&i-&rj' .. . i. ;&& :jtvj? i ..vrvn w jr r ? ,.r & : v,- jt - rx- .- iVi -A v -vw&s: ;f . vwt'1XT- fJV.w ... iN''-fr n'--